Steamship and Cargo' Condemned.
.NAGASAKI, March 14. — The East
Asiatic steamship Manchuria has been
condemned : by the naval prize court
at Sasebo; including her general cargo,
which Is partially neutral property.
Continued on Page 2, Column 8.
TIENTSIN, March 14.— 'Upon in
quiry the riot at Shansi turns out to
have been unimportant. The Govern
ment is strongly opposed to the pro
posed emigration of Chinese to the
Transvaal.
Sliansi Riots Not Serious.
Price of Steel Goes Up.
PITTSBURG. March 14.— At a
meeting of the steel bar pool here to
day the price of steel billets was in
creased 11 all around. Bessemer steel
bars were advanced from $26 to $27
a ton and open hearth from 528 to $29.
Old Californian Dies,
ORANGE, N. J., March 14. — Ben
jamin T. Martin, who from 1861 to
1867 was employed In the San Fran
cisco Mint, Is dead at his home here,
eged 70 years.
PORT ARTHUR, . March 14.— Two
Russian passengers of , the steamship
Argun, captured by the Japanese off
the coast of Korea on February 7 and
taken ¦ to Sasebo, have returned here.
The passengers sax. that while. at Sase
bo on* February 17 on board the Tokai
Maru, to which they'had been trans
ferred, they saw: the Japanese cruiser
Asurha being towed into that port. The
Asuma: was without smokestacks,
masts or bridge, .and her decks had
been plowed up by projectiles. The other
Japanese .prizes, the Mukden, Russia
and'Ekaterinoslav, besides the captured
Russian * whalers "' Michael, • NIcolai ' and
Alexander, were also at Sasebo when
BADLY DAMAGED
JAPANESE CRUISER
TOWED TO SASEBO
NEW* YORK, March 14. — The mur
der of Rev. Benjamin W*. Labaree in
Persia, it -was learned to-day from
cables to the Presbyterian Board of
Missions, was not the work of religious
fanatics. The missionary and his ser
vant were waylaid and slain by rob
bers. -..•; ¦-.- ' ;•
Robbers Kill Missionary.
-LONDON, March 15.—The.correspon
dent 'o{ the Times at Seoul comments
on the remarkable civil' influence which
Japan has brought to bear updn Korea,
without adopting an attitude of 'over
bearing coercion." v The 'correspondent
says everything ; is ' being done to con
ciliate the: Koreans,' but, he ; points, out
that from, Chemulpo to Seoul "every
controlling influence Is Japanese—
railway,- police and telegraph.
Conciliating the Koreans.
It was claimed in the official Russian
reports of the Chemulpo engagement
that the cruiser Variag, before she was
blown up by her own captain to'pre
vent her capture by the Japanese, had
succeeded in disabling one Japanese
warship, which afterward sank, and it
was declared that the bodies of many
members of the crew had been ..washed
ashore; Since the day of the battle re
ports have come from various sources
th'at a sunken Japanese cruiser had
been seen near the entrance to the har
bor of Chemulpo.
RENO, Nev., March 14. — A. Ppen
cer. president of the Nevada Planing
Mill, gave it out to-night that the Pine
Box Manufacturing Agency of the Pa
cific Coast had gone out of business
and its place been taken by the Cali
fornia Pine Box and Lumber Com
pany, capitalized at 55.000,000. The
new combine embraces about thirty of
the largest box factories on the coast-
Each factory taken in has been issued
new Etock !n accordance with the ap
praised value of its plant. The Ne
vada company is a member of the
trust only in a contributing capacity.
California Company. Capitalized at
Five Millions. Absorbs Concerns
of the Coast States.
FINE BOX BUSINESS
IN THE HANDS OF TRUST
The populace crowded the streets and
covered the roofs to witness the pa
geant. After the start of the pro
cession the Emperor received the for
eign diplomats and the Japanese Min
ister* being the senior member, pre
sented the condolences of the corps.
SEOUL, March 14.— The funeral of
the Queen Dowager, who died in Jan
uary, was held hereto-day. The bier
was placed on a catafalque at the
west gate of the city, where United
States Minister Allen and other dip
lomats gathered at 5:30 o'clock this
morning.
It was a weird scene. Thousands of
lantern bearers, soldiery and the pop
ulace in white dresses gathered around
a bonfire until daybreak. The Em
peror, attired in straw colored robes
and headdress, arrived at 6 o'clock and
performed his devotions over the body
within a canvas pavilion. The pro
cession then started for the tomb, eight
miles outside the city, the bands play
ing funeral dirges.
The procession was a couple of miles
long and full of Oriental color. It was
headed by native police, followed by
lantern bearers and spearsmen in fan-,
tastic attire, carrying banners and
huge paper horses. Then came two
biers, gorgeously colored, and sur
mounted by dragons' heads. They were,
borne on the shoulders of a hundred
men, there being 200 pallbearers. The
biers were surrounded by eunuchs and
court functionaries. The first bier was
empty, being Intended to cheat the
devil.
The highest Russian opinion obtain
able at Port Arthur and Newchwang
admits the Government's intention to
fall back indefinitely until the mob
ilization of 300, (J00 troops for the pur
pose of assaulting and opposing the*
Japanese and probably 200,000 more
to oppose the Chinese.
The same opinion asserts that Vice
Admiral Makaroff will fight hard. He
is determined to weaken the enemy at
any cost and make the operation of
the Baltic Sea fleet in the Far East
feasible,'' though it may be necessary
to fight .-without -the Pallada, the Ce
sarevitch and the Retvizan, which, it
is " admitted; cannot be. fully repaired
within six months. On account of the
uncertainty of the success of the
scheme of constructing a mud dock
In which to repair the Oesarevitch and
Retvizan, naval experts allow a full
year for the repair work.
" YINKOW, March 14.— The local
Russian authorities are apparently in
censed and manifestly much annoyed
at the solicitious inquiries of the com
manders of foreign gunboats regard
ing the projected blocking of the Liao
River before the arrival of the Jap
anese, which latter event is regarded
as a foregone conclusion. Although
the blocking of the Liao and also the
defense of the settlement arid native
town are regarded as unattainable, it
is " certain that an important disposi
tion of guns and the arrangement of a
defense plan have already been made.
The arrival of General Kondratovifch
a few days ago, however, arrested the
arrangements and threatened to cause
the abandonment of the original inten
tion.
RUSSIANS INTEND
TO RETIRE BEFORE
ENEMY'S ADVANCE
SEOUL, March 12 (via Chefu, March
14). — It can now be stated positively
that the Japanese lost one cruiser in
the first naval engagement of the war,
which occurred off the harbor of Che
mulpo. Foreign residents of Chemulpo
who investigated the report that a
Japanese warship, disabled and aban
doned, was stranded on the beach sev
eral miles from the harbor entrance,
found that it was true. The vessel, is
aground In the mud fiats, only her
stem and funnels being above water at
low tide. Apparently she was an un
armored cruiser of the second class.
Some miles to the southward of . this
sunken warship is the hulk of a trans
port, which was driven ashore during a
gale while the Japanese army was be
ing transported to .; Seoul. . It is pre
sumed that the_ soldiers aboard the
transport succeeded in reaching shore.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sunken War Vessel
Seen Near Che
mulpo.
The correspondent of the Morning
Post at Tokio throws a light upon Ja r i
pan's financial intentions, and says it*"
is estimated that • Japan will be able
to maintain a. war for eighteen months
without borrowing abroad. The policy
la to retain the gold In Japan, and It
"That is all very magnificent, but
how about their position when Russia's
army has fallen . back Indefinitely?
Then, if Port Arthur has not already
given -way. It must mean the surrender
of that place, as well as Newchwang
and Vladivostok, with or without a
struggle, "it will probably involve the
surrender of Mukden as well, not to
speak of Harbin, But the Japanese
will hardly need to follow the Rus
sian retirement as far as that. With
those points in their hands, with Korea
occupied and the command of the sea
assured, they could calmly await de
velopments." .;
TOKIO'S LARGE WAR FUND.
The Daily Chronicle, commenting on
the' statement that it is Russia's . in
tention to fall back indefinitely until
she has 300,000 troops concentrated for
an advance, to ,say nothing of 200,000
more to watch the Chinese frontier,
says:
LONDON, March 15.— Premature, so
far as the latest reports received this
morning tell us, is the story that Port
Arthur has been either evacuated or
captured by the Japanese. At the same
time, judging from dispatches received
from all sources, the,re seems to be an
impression that the Russians are pre
paring for what is the Inevitable out
come of Japan's complete control of
the sea. Commenting on the situation
Rear Admiral Ingles, writing in the
Daily Telegraph this morning, says:
"It is perfectly certain to my mind
that the Japanese navy has decided
that the capitulation of Port Arthur
has become an immediate necessity.
Nothing will now stop Admiral Togo
unless it is an immediate negative from
the Emperor himself. The capture of
Port Arthur; is, I believe, only an affair
of a day, and then the whole coast of
China is entirejy in the hands of the
Japanese, . to do what they like with.
Vladivostok does not count further..
"Details of the naval battle off Port
Arthur have only confirmed me in this
idea. Even now there are probably
mines laid down across the entrance to
the harbor which will prevent the
Novlk and. the Bayan ever coming out
again, and as the power of the forts
and their supply of -^ammunition be
comes less and less, eo the cordon of
ships will be drawn tighter and tighter."
JAPAN'S OUTLOOK BRIGHT.
News has been received here, of the
first accident to a war correspondent,
Mr. McKenzie, the representative of the
Daily Mail in Korea, having suffered
the breaking of both his legs by a fall
from a pony.
is believed that It will not be necessary
to spend abroad more than an eighth
of the cost of the war, this expendi
ture being chiefly on coal, cordite and
steel.
LONDON, March 15. — A correspond
ent of the Daily Mail at Newchwang
says that after the removal of the
battleship Retvizan four Russian
steamships — the Harbin, the Hailar,
the- Ninguta,. and the Sungari— were
anchored at the mouth of the entrance
of Port Arthur in proper position and
sunk, leaving only a small channel
available. Vice Admiral Makaroff hav
ing previously ordered the ?hole fleet
to remain outside with steam up, econ
omy in coal being unnecessary.
This dispatch, which is prominently
displayed by the Daily Mail, and
which, the correspondent says, is "on
Russian information." is, if true, news
of the first importance, confirming, the
idea that Vice Admiral Makaroff will
adopt the offensive and make a des
perate attempt to bring together Rus
sia's scattered naval forces or en
deavor to inflict damage upon the Jap
anese anvy. The . story must, how
ever", be viewed cautiously, the only
approach of confirmation from any
other quarter being in a dispatch from
a correspondent of the Daily Tele
graph at Yinkow, which merely says:
".Vice Admiral Makaroff has issued
orders to the effect that I the saving
of coal is unnecessary, but that the
big gun ammunition In the forts must
not be wasted. Evidently" this ammu
nition is running short."
The Daily Telegraph's Tokio corres
pondent sends, an unconfirmed rumor
to the effect that Japanese marines
have la/ided and occupied Dalny;
- It is a. subject of unceasing remark
and conjecture that nothing has been
heard of the Vladlvostok'squadron^ and
it la beginning to be believed that it is
really inside the harbor of Vladivostok.
The Japanese navy includes three
cruisers— the Adsuma, the Asama and
the Suma— either one of which might
be the "Asuraa" referred to in the fore
going dispatch.
WEIRD FUNERAL
OF THE DOWAGER
QUEEN OF KOREA
the passengers left there. They say
that the wealthy Japanese are refusing
Jto subscribe to the war fund. The
president of the Japanese Bank, M. La
dem, sacrificed a gold chain and other
presents from the Mikado to contribute
to the funds.
Makaroff to Assume the
Aggressive Against
Togo's Fleet.
British Experts Predicting
Early Fall of Russian
Stronghold.
Balfour has for several days been
suffering from a severe attack of neu
ralgia.
This view was advanced vrifh an air
of great authority in Unionist circles,
but the Chamberlain section of Parlia
ment, glorying in its triumph on
March 9. already predict that If the
Unionists are defeated in the general
election Chamberlain, and not Balfour,
¦will be the leader of the opposition in
the next Parliament. They also talk
of forcing the Government in the com
ing budget to reimpose the Ehilling
duty on grain.
LONDON". March 14.— In the lobby of
the House of Commons to-night there
was much comment upon the unex
pectedly early departure from Egy^pt
on his return to London of Joseph
Cha:r.berlain. Many members of the
House supposed he was hurrying home
In anticipation of an early dissolution
of Parliament, but, on the other hand,
Eight Hon. Jesse Callings and others
of Chamberlain's intimates maintained
that h*» would spend two or three
weeks in Italy and thus extend his hol
iday, as it was originally contemplated,
to two months.
British Statesman
Departure From Egypt of Former
Members of Parliament Discuss Early
JAPANESE
CRUISER IS
DESTROYED
CI1AMBERI~\IN"S RETURN
SURPRISES ENGLISHMEN
LANDING OF RUSSIAN MARINE ARTILLERY IN BOATS FROM WARSHIPS TO ASSIST IN THE DEFENSE OF PORT ARTHUR.
Four of the nine Justices dissented
outright. These were Chief Justice
Fuller and Justices White, Peckham
and Holmes. The opinions of Justices
Harlan and White were long, while
those of Justices Brewer and Holmes
were comparatively brief. All told the
court consumed two hours and three
quarters In disposing of the case. The
fact was noted by several persons that
the argument In the case was begun
December 14, Just three months pre
vious to the decision. For so impor
tant a case this is considered a very
brief interim between the arguments
and the decision.
The case decided to-day was brought
by the United States against the
Northern Securities Company, a cor
pcration of New Jersey; the Great
Northern Railroad Company, a corpor
ation of Minnesota; the Northern Pa
cific Railway Company,- a corporation
of Wisconsin: James J. Hill, a citizen
of Minnesota, and William- P. Clough,
D. Willis James, John S. Kennedy, J.
JUDGES DISAGREE.
There was no surprise manifested
when, promptly on the assembling of
court. Justice Harlan began the deliv
ery of the opinion. The fact that he
had been selected for the preparation
of the document at once led most peo
ple to conclude that the decision wouM
uphold the Sherman anti-trust law and
sustain the contention of the Govern
ment. The Justice read his opinion
from a printed copy, which covered
thirty pages, and consumed about an
hour and a quarter In its delivery.
Very soon after Justice Harlan had
concluded his presentation of the case
it became evident that the court had
divided on the questions at issue, and
as other opinions were announced it
developed that there not only had been
a very close shave for the Government,
but that one. of the members of the
court who cast his vote with the ma
jority entertained opinions of his own.
which fact rendered the division all the
more marked and interesting. This was
Justice Brewer, who, while he concur
red in the decision, announced In an
Independent opinion his view that pre
vious anti-trust decisions had been
more sweeping than was justified.
OPINION EXPECTED.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— In the
Supreme Court of the United States to
day an opinion was delivered in the
merger case of the Northern Securities
Company vs. the United States in favor
of the Government's contention that
the merger was illegal. The opinion of
the court was handed down by Justice
Harlan. and it upheld the decree of the
Circuit Court for the District of Minne
sota in every particular. Four of the
Justices dissented from the five consti
tuting the majority. The division of the
court was due to a difference of opinion
as to the right of Federal control of
State corporation 3. The majority opin
ion proceeded on the theory that Con
gress has a right under the constitu
tion to control interstate commerce, no
matter by whom conducted, while the
minority or dissenting opinion was
based on the theory that in the present
case the effort is to regulate the owner
ship, not interstate traffic.
An effort was made by the court to
prevent the knowledge of the fact that
the opinion was to be rendered to-day
from getting to the public, but never
theless, it was quite generally under
stood among newspaper men, attorneys
and others for an hour or so before the
convening of court to-day that the
opinion would be announced. When,
therefore, the members of the court
filed into the chamber they were met
by an exnectant crowd, which filled
every seat- both inside and outside the
bar. Seated among the attorneys were
Attorney General Knox and Secretary
Taft and an unusual number of Sen
ators and members of the House.
Decision Meets With Approval of Five
of the Supreme Justices, Four
Holding Contrary Opinions.
"It remains with my friends to say
what services I shall render further to
my country."
¦ ? •
OIL CITY, Pa.. March 14.— David N.
McCaJraont of Franklin, chairman of
the 1'enango County Prohibition Com
mittee, is in receint of a letter from
General Nelson A. Miles in which the
general announces himself indirectly as
a candidate for the nomination for
President.
Some time ago McCalmont wrote to
General Miles announcing that he
would be e delegate to the Eroiiibition
Nationaf Convention and asked if he
could have the pleasure of supporting
Miles for the nomination. The letter
received in reply says:
Indirect Acceptance of an Offer to
Place Bis Name Before the
National Convention.
• .
Court Holds Combination
Violates the Anti-
Trust Act.
Places HImsell In the Hands
ol His Prohibition
Friends.
General Is Willing
to Run lor ttie
Presidency.
Government Wins the
Norton Secur
ities Suit
RAILROAD
MERGER IS
UNLAWFUL
MILES MAY
LEAD FOES
OF LIQUOR
ST. PETERSBURG, March 14."*The Viedomosti's private dispatches state that the bombardment of Port Arthur has caused very serious damage. Ji week from to-day a state of
siege will be proclaimed in all Russian seaports. This, I understand, will be done in view of the coming large movements of ships and munitions of war and to enable the authorities
to get rid of a certain undesirable element of foreigners, especially English of the spy description. Bjornsund is being fortified and precautions are being taken at Heval to insure the
security of docks from unfriendly hands. Jl number of submarine boats are being sent in sections to Port Jhrthur.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright/' 1904y by the New York Herald Publishing Company,
RUSSIANS ADMIT SERIOUS DAMAGE TO PORT ARTHUR;
STATE OF SIEGE TO BE PROCLAIMED IN CZARS PORTS
THE WSAT1ICB.
7or«ioMt nuUle at Baa Trwa
deco for thirty boots enOl&r at
midnight Starclr 15, 1904:
Eaa Prancisoo fcad vicinity—
Clearing! cooler Tuesday; fresa
westerly wind*,
a. a. axcAiixz,
i District Forecaster.
Alcazar— «Par«lfal."
California — "Tke . Old Km
- Stream."
Central — "Saamui O'Brlea.'*
Columbia— "Tie Silver Slipper."
Chute • — Vaudeville,
rtscter'o — "Tha Kotnder*."
Lyric Hall — Eazsr Concert..
Crphatun — Vaudeville.
Tivoll — "Tie Gypsy Earon."
TBS TTTEAT2TE3.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVr^NO- 106.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1904.
War News Continued on Page 3. •
The San Francisco Call. WASHINGTON. March X4. — The
condition of Senator Tillman, who
has been.Bkft for some time with a
throat affection, continues favorable.
Unless unforeseen complications de
velop his early recovery is predicted.
Senator Tillinan Improving.
Women Drowned in Swollen River.
EUREKA. ; March.' J^.-f^While at
tempting; to 'cross Mattole River Satur
day noon in an . open boat Ida, May
and Mary Hadlcy, sisters, of Petrolia
lost their lives by the upsetting of a
boat, which was caught in an eddy,
precipitating: them into .the turbulent
water* of. the swollen stream. The
body of Mary was recovered on'a'sap£
epit five miles below the place of the
accident on Sunday afternoon.*
SAN RAKABL, March 14. — Marin
County was drenched again to-da>\
The precipitation for San Rafael is
more than two inches. Other points
in the county report a greater down-,
pour. There were very few washouts
on the railroads and traffic was not
delayed much. The precipitation at
San Rafael for the Reason is 35.42.
inches, against 24.72 inches up to this
time last year. ' '"
More Rain in Marin Counts'.
NAPA. March 14. — Heavy rain fell
here Sunday night and Monday morn
ing and the river is to-day. running at
the top of the banks along First street,
near Chinatown. . The weather to
night is threatening. The rainfall for
the twenty-four hours preceding 7
o'clock Monday morning amounted to
.74 of an inch. This makes a total of
23.54 inches for the season to date,
a* against 18.61 inches for last season
to a corresponding date.
Rain Continues in Xapa.
"There is -nothing to bo said at. this
time. The properties of the Northern
Securities Company are still there.
They are good as ever." •
Hill intimated that he might have
something to say as soon as he got
some definite scope of the decision. He
was in conference for some time after
the newg came out with John H. Ken
nedy, who is one of the directors and
largest stockholders of the Securities
Company.
At the office of J. P. Morgan & Co. no
expression regarding the decision could
be had. A member of the firm stated,
however, that he was not surprised.
Colonel W. P. Clough, fourth vice pres
ident, director and general 'counsel of
the Northern Securities Company, who
is alleged to have taken an active part
in drawing up its charter, was in
Washington to-day.
OMAHA. March 14.— General Charles
P. Manderson, general counsel for the
Burlington Railroad, one of the Jines
effected by the Supreme Court decision
in the Northern Securities merger case,
said the decision would hot in his opin
ion either benefit or injure the general
public. He also stated that it would
in no way affect the management of the
three lines Included in the merger— *he
Burlington, Great Northern and North
ern Pacific— and that each of them
would continue to operate as separate
and competing corporations.
NEW YORK, March 14.— J. J. Hill,
president of the^ Northern Securities
Company, received news of the decision
at the company's office in this city. Hill
declines to discuss the matter except to
say:
President of Northern Securities
Company Has .Nothing to Say.
HILL DECLINES TO TALK.
REDDING. March 14. — Alturas. the
county seat of Modoc, was inundated
Sunday for the third time this rainy
season. The water was three feet deep
in the streets and people used boats
in getting around. Indians say it is
the worst flood they have ever known
and that their forefathers never hand
ed down traditions of such severe
storms. The snow is deposited on the
mountains, the warm rains melt it and
the canyons carry the floods down
upon the valleys.
No damage has yet been done in
Alturas, however, beyond making it a
very dirty town.
IVing Iioats in Alturas.
COLUSA. March 14.— Dennis Sween
ey, for over twenty years a farmer,
living northwest of Colusa, met death
late Saturday evening in the flood
waters of the Sacramento River. A
ltvee protects Sweeney's ranch as well
as many others from the hill streams,
also from the water that comes from
ths break in the river levee above.
Saturday he and others were watching
their levees when he left and went ta
hit house. Later he was seen on a raft
several hundred yards above and with
a long pole was rafting his way in the
direction of the county road, along
which is a grade four or five feet high.
Suddenly Sweeney disappeared. Hia
friends went to investigate and found
that the raft had struck the top of a
post and Sweeney could not be found.
The eearchers were surprised to find
on .the raft a complete outflt for
blowing a hole in the county road so
the waters would run off his land. But
for the mishap which cost Sweeney's
life the county road would have no
doubt been blown up and thousands of
acres of fine growing grain destroyed.
His body has not been recovered.
SAN JOSE,. March 14.— A decision
was rendered by Judge Tuttle of the
Superior Court to-day which will be
interesting to the various county offi
cials of the State, as it is. rendered
under a late law which subjects* the
saJaries of county officers to garnish
ment. The court ordered a peremptory
writ of mandate to be issued to County
Auditor Parker directing him to draw
a warrant in favor of Jc-hn T. Wallace,
Justice of the Peace, to satisfy a claim
against ex-County Auditor Murphy
held by Mrs. Laura Erkson. Murphy
owed Mrs. Erkson a board bill of $65
for himself and family. She obtained
a judgment against him in the Justice
Court, but he failed to satisfy it. A
couple of weeks ago Murphy retired
frc-m the office of Auditor. Be'fore he
could draw his money Mrs. Erkson ap
plied to the Superior Court for a writ
compelling his successor to issue a war
rant to Justice Wallace against money
coming to Murphy to satisfy her judg
ment. Prior to the time when the
salary of Murphy became due Murphy
had made an assignment ot the money
to T. C. Hogan, G. Geoffrey and Wil
liam Osterman for money advanced to
him, and it was contended that by rea
son of such assignments the money had
passed out of his control and that no
attachable interest existed. Judge Tut
tle, however, ordered a warrant drawn
to satisfy the Judgment. Ten days
stay of execution was granted the de
fendants, however, to prepare a mo
tion for a new trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call
This combination Is within the meaning -of
the act "a trust," but if not.it is a combina
tion in restraint of interstate and International
commerce and that Is enough to bring it under
the condemnation of th« act. The mere ex
istence of such a combination | and the power
acquired by the holding company as trustee
for the combination constitute a menace tp
and a restraint upon that ¦ freedom of com
merce. . which Comrress ' intended to -* recognize
and woteet and which the public is entitled
The stockholders of these tfo competing com
panies disappeared as such for the moment,
but Immediately reappeared as ntockholders
of the holding company which was thereafter
to guard the Interests of both sets of stock
holders as a unit and to manage or cause to
be managed both lines of railroads as if held in
one ownership. Necessarily by this combina
tion or arrangement the holding company In
the fullest sense dominates the situation in
the interest of those, who were stockholders' of
the constituent companies; as much bo for every
practical purpose as if It had been itself a
railroad corporation which had built, organ
ized and operated both lines for tlfj exclusive
benefit of its stockholders. Necessarily, also,
the constituent companies ceased, under such
a combination, , to be in active competition for
trade and commerce along their respective lines
and have become practically one powerful con
solidated corporation by the name of a holding
corporation, the principal, Jf not the sole ob
ject for the formation of which was to carry
out the purpose of the original combination
under which competition between the' con
stituent companies would cease.
The stockholders of the two old companies
are now united in their interest In preventing
all competition between the two lines. They
would take rare that no persons ¦ are . chosen
directors of the holding company who will per
mit competition between the constituent com
panies, the remit being that all the earnings
ot the constituent- companies make a common
fund in the hafids of the securities company
upon the basJs of the certificates of stock-is
sued by the holding company. No scheme or
device could more certainly come within the
words iit the act "combination In the form of
a trust or- otherwise • • • • ? " In re
straint of commerce among the States or with
foreign nations," or could more effectively and
certainly suppress free competition between the
constituent companies. .¦
VIOLATES TRUST LAW:
STOCKHOLDERS CHANGE.
He again recurred to the facts in. the
case and said that, laying aside any
minor things it was indisputable that
upon the principal facts of the record,
under the leadership of Hill and Mor
gan, the stockholders of the" two rail
road companies, having practically
parallel lines of road, had combined
under the laws of, New Jersey by or
ganizing a corporation for the holding
of the shares of the two companies
upon an agreed basis of value. Pro
ceeding, he said:
Having outlined these preliminaries.
Justice Harlan came immediately to
the judicial consideration of the case
and practically indicated- the decision
of the court in the first sentence of the
opinion proper. In that sentence he
said: -
In our judgment the evidence fully sustains
the material ailegatlon« of the bill and shows
a violation of the act of Congress in eo far as
it declares illegal every combination or cvn
eplracy in restraint of commerce among the
several States and with foreign nations and
forbids RttempU to monopolize such commerce.
The several defendants denied all the allega
tions of the bill imputing to them a purpese
to evade the provision* of tho act of Congress
or to form a combination cr conspiracy having
for it« object cither to restrain x>r to monopo
lize commerce or trade among the States or
with foreign nations. They denied that any
combination or conspiracy was formed In viola
tion of the act.
Of the railroads' case, he said
After announcing the origin arid the
purpose sought to be accomplished by
the suit, Justice Harlan reviewed the
facts, as disclosed by tha record in the
case. 'Of the Government's • case he
said:
The Government charges that if the combina
tion was held not to be In. violation of the act
of Congress, then all efforts of the national
Government to preserve to the people the bene
fits of free competition among carriers engaged
In Interstate commerce will be wholly unavail
ing and all transcontinental lines, indeed the
entire railroad system of the country, may be
absorbed, merged and consolidated, thus plac^
ing the public at the absolute mercy of the
holding corporation.
Pierpont Morgan, Rooert Bacon,
George F. Baker^and Daniel -Lamont,
citizens of New York."" Its" general ob
ject was to enforce, as against the de
fendants, the provisions of the statute
¦of July 2, 1890, commonly known as the
anti-trust act. and entitled "An act to
protect trade and commerce against un
lawful restraint and monopolies."
REVIEWS FACTS..
That to vitiate a- combination, such as the
act of Congress condemns. .It need not le
shown that such combination In fact results
or wilt . result In a total suppression of trad»
cr In a complete monopoly, but It Is only es
pentlnl to show that by its necessary operation
It tands to restrain Interstate or International
trade or commerce, or tends to create a mo
nopoly In «urh trade or commerce and to de
prive the public of the advantages that flow
from free competition.
That the constitutional guarantee of liberty
of contract does not prevent Consress from
prescribing the rule of free competition for
those engaged in Interstate and international
commerce.
'• That under Itg power to regulate commerce
That the natural effoct of competition Is to
Increase corr>merce and an asri»Tnent whose
direct effect Is to prevent this "lay of compe
tition restrains Inpteads of promotes traclf and
commerce.
That every combination or conspiracy v.-hich
would extinguish competition b*twsen other
wise compiling railroads engaged in Interstate
trade cr commerce and which would ln-tKat
way restrain sv.ch trade or commerce Is made
Illegal bv the act.
That Congress has the power to establish
rules by which interstate or International com
merce shall be governed and bv the anti-trust
art has prescribed the rule of free competition
nirnns those engaged In such commerce.
That combinations even among private man
ufacturers or dealers whereby interstate or In
ternational commerce U restralne are equally
embraced by the act. • ¦
' That railroad carriers engaged In interstate
or International 'rarte or commerce are em
braced by the act.
That the act is not limited to restraints of
Interstate and international trade or commerce
that e.re unreasonable In their nature, but Is
directed against all direct restraints, reasonable
or unreasonable. Imposed by any combination,
conspiracy or monopoly upon such trade or
commerce.
ACT OPPOSES MONOPOLY.
That although the act of Congress known as
the anti-trust act has no reference to the mere
manufacture and production of articles or
commodities within the limits of the several
States, it embraces and declares to be Illegal
every contract, combination . or conspiracy In
whatever form, <*r whatever nature, and who.
ever may be parties to It whjch directly or
nei-eHsarlly o;y!ratf>8 !n restraint of trade or
commerce arannj the several States or with
foreign nations. «
He agreed with the summing up by
the Circuit Court of the results of the
combination, which was that it places
the control of the ' two roada in the
hands of a single person and, second,
that it destroyed every motive for com
petition between the two lines by pool
ing their earnings, notwithstanding
both were engaged in interstate traffic.
Entering upon an investigation of the
authorities bearing on the case. Justice
Harlan deduced from the consideration
of these precedents the following
propositions as applied to the present
case:
to have protected. If not destroyed all the
advantages that wnuld naturally come to the
public under the operation of the general law
of competition as between the* Great Northern
and Northern Pacific railway* will be lost and
the entire Commerce of the Immense territory
In tho northern part of the United States be
tween the Grer.t Lakes and Pacific at Pugst
Round would be at the mercy of a single hold
ing corporation organized in a State distant
from' the people of that territory. • •" ¦ >•
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Colusa Man Attempts to
Use Dynamite to Divert
AVaters and Is Drowned
Judge Tuttlc of San Jose
Benders Decision Concern
ing Scope of Garnishment
OFFICIAL MUST
PAY JUDGMENT
FARMER LOSES
LIFE IN FLOOD
among the several States and foreign nations
Congress had authority to enact the statute
in question.
STATE'S RIGHTS PLEA.
Speaking of the State's rights plea of
the railroad representatives, Justice
Harlan said:
This view does not Impress us. There is no
reason to suppose that Congress had any pur
pose io Interfere with the internal affairs of
the State, nor Is there any ground whatever
for the contention that the anti- trust act regu
lates their domestic commerce.
Justice Harlan brushed aside as
scarcely worth mentioning the conten
tion on the part of the Securities Com
pany that the question involved is the
right of, an individual to dispose of 'his
stock in a State corporation, and that in
such transactions the individuals
whose interests are involved are sub
'ject only to the restraint of State laws.
He also referred to tr~ argument, that
'the position of the Government
amounts to declaring that the owner
ship of stock in a railroad corporation
is in itself interstate commerce and to
other similar declarations and, com
menting on these, he said:
AVc do not understand that the Government
makes any such contentions or tabes any such
positions a* those statements imply. It does
not contend that Congress may control thtt
mere ownership of etoclt in a riiate corporation
engaged In Interstate commerce. It does not
contend that Congress can control the organisa
tion or mere ownership of State corporations,
authorized b- their charters to engage in in
terstate and international commerce. But It
docs contend that Congress may protect the
freedom of interstate commerce by any means
that are appropriate and that are lawful and
not prohibited by the constitution.
CONGRESSIONAL RIGHTS.
' The opinion then takes up the right
of Congress to enact such legislation as
the anti-trust law and goes into an in
quiry as to how far the courts may go
in order to give effect to such an act
and to remedy the evils designed to be
suppressed by it. Justice Harlan said
it was the intention of legislation of
this character to prescribe a rule for
interstate and international commerce
which should prevent vexation by com
binations, conspiracies or monopolies
which restrain commerce by destroying
or restricting- competition. He then
added:
We say that Congress has prescribed such a
rule because in all prior cases in this court
the anti-trust act has been construed as for
bidding any combination which by -Us neces
sary operation destroys or restricts free com
petition among those engaged in interstate
commerce; In other words, that to destroy or
restrict free competition in Interstate com
merce was to restrain such commerce. Now,
can this court, in reason, say that such a
rule is prohibited by the constitution or is not
one that Congress could appropriately prescribe
when exerting its power under the commerce
clause of the constitution?
Taking up the contention that rail
road corporations created under the
laws of a State can be consolidated
only with the authority of that State,
Justice Haiian said that he could not
understand' why this suggestion was
made, in this case. "For," he went on,
"there is no pretense that the combi
nation here in question was under the
authority of the States under which
laws these railroad corporations were
created."
But even if the State allowed consolidation,
it would not follow that the stockholders of
two or more State corporations engaged In ln
terntate commerce could lawfully combine and
form a distinct corporation to bold- the stock
of the constituent corporations and by de
stroying' competition between them restrain
commerce among the States and with foreign
nations.. . ¦
PRIOU DECISION'.
Justice Harlan announced the in
ability of the. court to concur in the
view.. 1 that the anti-trust act is repug
nant to the constitution of the. United
States. "The contention of the defend
ants," he said, "could not.be sustained
without in effect overruling the prior
decision of this court as to the scope
and validity of the anti-trust act."
Proceeding further, in ¦ propounding
this line of argument, he said:
' Indeed, if the contentions pf the' defendants
are sound, why not all the railway companies
in the United States that are engaged under
£tate charters. In interstate and International
commerce, enter into a combination such as the
one here In question, and, by - the device of a
holding corporation, obtain the absolute con
trol .throughout the entire country _of rates
for passengers and freight beyond the power of
CoiixreHH to protect the public against their ex
actions?; . - .
The argument In behalf of the defendants
necessarily, leads to such results and places Con
gress. I although . invested by the people of the
United States with - full authority to : regulate
Interstate- and International commerce. In a
condition of utter helplessness, , so far as the
protection of the public against such combina
tion ¦ is concerned. , ' .
. Coming, again to the consideration of
the contention that interference by the
Federal Government with the affairs of
a State corporation" will prevent .the
Montgomery Not Injured.
PENSACOL.A, Fla.. May 14. — The
cruiser Montgomery, which ran into
Montrose point last night during a
dense fog, was floated to-day and an
examination revealed the fact that aha
was not Injured in the least.
Court Finds Against CamHIe Wlden
felil In Minnesota Mercer Case.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. March 14. — A de
cision dismissing the appeal of Ca
mille Weidenfeld from a decree in the
"United States Circuit Court, dismiss
ing the appellant's intervening peti
tion in the case of Peter .Power against
the Northern Pacific Railway ; Com
pany, was handed down by the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals to
day. The suit originated m the Dis
trict Court, Peter Power, as the al
leged owner of 100 shares of common
Stock in the Northern Pacific Com
pany, seeking to obtain an injunction
restraining the Northern Pacific Com
pany's directors from entering into a
combination with similar officers of
the Great Northern and Chicago, Bur
lington and Quincy ronfls to mergo
and consolidate the three systems.
Power ' also sought to restrain the
Northern Pacific Company from re
tiring its preferred stock, alleging that
this was being done in the interest of
the alleged merger. The case was
removed to the United States Circuit
Court, "where the defendants conclu
sively showed that Power never owned
I any stock in the Northern Pacific.
I Camille Weidenfeld, with the per
mission of the court, filed his inter
vening petition seeking to have the
retirement of the stock declared un
lawful and fraudulent and to have the
Northern Pacific Company declared
guilty of having unlawfully consoli
dated its lines with those' of the Great
Northern.
The decision is against the conten
tions of the appellant at every point,
the court holding that the Northern
Pacific Company acted entirely with
in its powers in converting the pre
ferred stock into common stock.
APPEAL IS DISMISSED.
Justices Brewer, Brown* McKenna
and Day concurred in this opinion and
they, with Justice Harlan constituting
a majority of the court, made It the
opinion of the court. Justice Brewer,
however, did not accept the reasoning
of Justice Harlan in all its details and
therefore delivered a brief opinion of
his own. He expressed the opinion that
some of the recent* decisions of the
court in anti-trust cases had gone too
far and, after mentioning several of
them, said:
Instead of holding that the antl-tnist act
included all contracts, reasonable or unrea
¦onabte, In restraint of interstate trade, the
rullnr should have been that the contract*
there presented were In themselves unreason
able restrains of Interstate trade, and therefore
The Judgment of. the court is that the decree
below is hereby approved, with liberty to the
Circuit Court, to proceed in the execution of its
decree as the circumstances may require.
BREWER DISSENTS.
Justice Harlan. in conclusion, said
Guided by these long established rules of
construction, it Is manifest that if the anti
trust act is held not to embrace a case such
as is now before us. the plain Intention of the
legislative branch of the Government will b«
defeated. " \ti -t'
Attention also was given to the argu
ment, that the anti-trust act must be
strictly construed in its criminal fea
tures. Quoting a number of authorities
on this subject, Justice Harlan said:
Referring to the decree of the Circuit
Court, Justice Harlan said that no
valid objection could be made to it in
form or in substance.
Discussing the effectiveness of relief
at the hands of the court, he quoted
approvingly the disposal by the Circuit
Court of the point, and continued:
The Circuit Court has done only what the
actual situation demanded. Its decree has
done nothing more than to meet the require
ments of the statute. -^^-
Justice Harlan set aside as fallacious
the argument that the acquisition of
stock by the Northern Securities Com
pany was in the nature of an invest
ment, saying that there had been no
actual investment in any substantial
sense. In this connection, he referred
to Mr. Morgan as authority for the
statement that the stock had been
transferred to the Securities Company
merely for the purpose of suppressing
competition and, in support of this
statement, quoted the testimony of Mr.
Morgan in which he had said that the
Securities Company had been created a
custodian, because ifhad no other alli
ances. ,-.'
FALLACIOUS ARGUMENT.
It is the history of monopolies In this country
and England that predictions of ruin are
habitually made by them when it is attempted
by legislation to restrain their operations ar.d
to protect the public against their exactions.
In this as in former cases, ttiey seek shelter
behind the reserved rights of the States and
the constitutional guarantee of liberty of con
tract. But this, court has heretofore adjudged
that the act of Congress did not touch the
rights of the sJtates and that liberty of contract
did not invofve a right to deprive the public
of the advantages of free competition in trade
and commerce. But. even If the court shared
the gloomy forebodings in which the defend
ants Indulge It could not refuse to respect
the action of the legislative branch of the
•Government If what it has done is within
the limits of its constitutional power. The
suggestions of disaster to Business have. we.
apprehend, their origin in the zeal of parties
who ar« opposed to the policy underlying the
act of Congress or are interested in the result
of this particular case; at any rate, the sug
gestions imply that the court may and ought to
refuse the enforcement of the provisions of
the act if, in its Judgment. Congress was not
wise in prescribing as a rule by which th«
conduct of interstate and international com
merce is to be governed, that every combina
tion, whatever its form, in restraint of such
commerce and tho monopolizing or attempting
to monopolise such commerce shall be Illegal.
These plainly are questions as to the policy of
legislation which belong to the legislative de
partment, and this court has no function to
supervise such legislation from the standpoint
of wisdom or policy.
Discussing the question as to the
effect of the anti-trust law on financial
interests. Justice Harlan said the pre
diction had been made that disaster to
business and widespread financial ruin
would follow the execution of its pro
visions and," he added, that such pre
dictions had been made in connection
with all preceding Questions under that
act, "but," ' he said, "they have not
been verified." continuing, he said:
DISASTER PREDICTED.
We reject any such views of the relations cf
the national Government and »he States com
posing the Union. It cannot be given erect
without destroying the Just authority of the
United States.
Continuing in this line, he said
We cannot conceive how It is possible for any
one seriously to contemplate such a preposi
tion.
Securities Company from exercising its
functions and will be an invasion of
the rights of the State under which
the company was chartered, he said:
If such a. remote result of the exercise of
»n ordinary incident of property and personal
freedom l<i ertuigh to make that exercise un
lawful there i» hardly any transaction con
cerning comeierce between the States that
may not be .made a crime by the flodlng of a
Jury or a court.
1 for not agreeing with the majority of
I the court in the decision reached- The
first of these was delivered by Justice
Holmes and the second by Justice
White. Justice Holmes, in his opinion,
contended that the anti-trust statute
is of a criminal nature and said:
It is In rain to Insist that this Is not a
criminal proceeding. The words cannot be
! read on« way in a suit which Is to end In fine
I and imprisonment and another way In on»
which seeks an Injunction. •
He conceded, he said, for the pur
pose of discussion that Congress might
take steps not only to regulate com
merce, but also to regulate instruments
of commerce or contracts, the bearing
of which upon commerce would be only
indirect. But the mere fact of an in
direct effect on commerce not shown
to be certain, he argued, would not Jus
tify such a law. Referring to the con
tention as to the effect that acquisition
of the stock of the Great Northern anJ
the Northern Pacific companies would
have in preventing competition be
tween the two roads, Justice Holmea
said:
OTHEU OPINION'S.
• The dissenting Justices, including
Chief Justice Fuller and Justices
White, Peckham and Holmes, present
ed two opinions, giving- their reasons
within the scope of the act. Con?r«ss dl' not
Intend by that act to reach" and destroy those
minor contracts in partial restraint of trada
which the Ions course of decisions at common
law had affirmed were reasonable and ought
to be upheld. The purpose r*ther -was to add
a statutory prohibition with prescribed penal
ties and remedies to nullify those contracts
! which were !n direct restraint of trade, un
reasonable and asainst public policy. When
ever m departure from common law rules and
definitions Is claimed, the purpose to mak»
the departure should be clearly shown. Such
a purriose does not appear and such a de
parture wp.s not intended.
Justice Brewer also held that the
general language ot the act is limited
by the power which the individual has
to manage hi3 own property and deter
mine the place and manner of his in
vestment, v.
HEAD OF RAILROAD MERGER
AND JUSTICE WHO RENDERED
ADVERSE DECISION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU TUESDAY, M ARCH 15, 1901.
DISSENTING OPINION IS RENDERED ' ,
BY FOUR OF HARLAN'S CONFRERES
2
feX'IT OX TRJAJU— A. M. Rebfdd'B , suit
acalnst the city for $3000 damages for'tha'de*
¦tructlcn of his Mioon try soldiers was com-
tsenced in Judge Urahara's court yesterday.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles. .
Itching. BUn4, . BJ ceding or Protruding: riles.
Tour AnigKitl w»U ¦ refund money if : Hazo
Olntnsent falls tr.<-ur* you in H toU day*. 50c»
DB f SHOOP'S REMEDIES^
The Book Tells You How
To Get Well At My Risk
If you •¦ant to feel better. ¦ , ¦
If you want more •Un-n^ili. ' .
If you tack amliiiion. . . .'•.... V
!( you can't do things like you used to. '¦>•¦ ' .
II your nerves— your countci'— is leaving you
k If your confidence in yourself i.1 less.
If you lack vitn, vigor, vitality ' -•
If someiliin? is e.iiiru away your constitutirn
Ask me by letter for the bonk.
Don't send a penny. I.et me take the rjsk .
Let me tell you of a druggist near y<-u who will give
you six bottles Dr. Slump's Restorative on a mmith's •
trial. Take it and tee for yourself what it will do. f
.* Then decide. < -,
No east— not a penny— if you say, 'I am no better,"
Don't leave it to the druggist— ncr to me. We might
be prejudiced. . ¦ . • ' ¦
Yea, you jfotw, »h»ll wy the wprd, whether you 'nr
Sisoor notlunj. The dru«isl can't complain. He
la to bill the cost to me at your iay 10. : ;
Try Dr. Shoop's Restorative at my risk. Not i:
penny if it fail*. ¦ . ¦- - ' - .
It'i a two-cent stamp — or a postal— against six bottles
pt my Restorative— against *s.so, theirxont. I >qn"t you
bf gin to believe the Restorative cm i!» . something un-
. usual for the sick? i J have found, lone ago. liow cer-
ttin it is. how seldom it fails.
I'll risk my reputation on it. And the cost of the
medicine too. 1 know, and 1 want you to know. This
it my war of gaining your interest. Others don't do it
that way. It's pay anyway with them. Ask me for the
book tosi need. - - . -
Write me. Now— tod jy
Btmntv «»t. nhuk Book 1 on Dyspepsia.
*> rnpiy state which Book ? on the Heart.
book you want and Book 3 on thr Kidneys,
address Dr. Snoop Book 4 for. Women. • ¦< .-,
box ; -863*. Racing *!?&&¦¦!? ¦•;.**
"li. . ; nook 6 on Rheumatism
..• Mild . cases, not' chronic, ¦ • ar« often ' cured
with one or two bottles. At drufKUts'.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. fiNI Y
HJMM1-H . lUllP^t
And the greatest shoe sale of the J5*g s^ JiM
century -will have passed into his- y*^^^ yV
tory. The greatest for values, the j&t? S v-^mP^WhP*
greatest for the number of pairs
sold. Thousands have availed jdjSsIl jjfy
themselves of this opportunity to
purchase a year's supply of shoes >g vst-^j^Sp^
MUST BE CLOSED OUT
And we will make a special cut
in the prices of short lines on
the bargain counters
THIS WEEK
WE WILL ALSO PUT ON SALE
700 pairs Men's Fine Vici Kid T "oo pairs Ladies' Fine Vici Kid
Lcce Shoes; latest style, coin toe. Lace Shoes; dull matt kid .or
welted sewed soles, stitched edges, bright kid tops; latest style, coin
single or double soles; regular toe and patent leather tip, welted
nrir*. «t -Q- all sizes* OO CM sewed soles, stitched edges; regu-
fhis wede 3 . S2.50 lar price $3.50; all sizes, 00 CO
tniS WC " .all widths; this week.. QL*x)U
800 pairs Men's Genuine Box 1200 pairs Ladies' Fine Vici Kid
Calf Lace Shoes; latest style, coin Lace Shoes; latest style, coin to£
toe, welted sewed soles; stitched and patent leather tip;' hand-turn-
edges, single or double soles; ed soles: regular price $3-5°; all
regular price $3.50; all CO Cfl sizes, all widths; this CO Cfl
sizes; this week OZiJU week ....$£iUU
These Shoes Are Exactly «s Represented or
Your Money Back
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES
Phplan Building 812-814 market street
I IlCldil DUIIUUI5. 9|| G'FA-REM. STREET
SECRET SERVICE MAN IS
ALWAYS AT HIS BEST
Theodore E. Payne, Superintendent of the Great Bureau, Tells What
He Owes to the Celebrated Nerve Vitalizer and Tonic
i
Paine's Celery Compound
. Philadelphia.' February 20. ?••»¦»»««»»¦» •••••• » *_*.* * T
"For any one whose work requires ex- ||f JH£S£&R»££g&&£>'|t i •
cessive nerve power or nerve concentra- , ,r '•': f
tion I know of nothing better than ! ! L> . ' If
Paino's Celery Compound. Any one com- i W^WBS^^ilil^^^^^^^Kc ' )
polled to devote long hours and close t?':^j^^^^ ''¦'¦ '^ ' t
attention to details — when the work ' | 'iJSB&RW { f
won't wait until one feels like working — u Bs§||xj'r §l .*| $
will be greatly benefited by the use of !! §l$§Kl JkiS ? •
Paine's Celery Compound. I have used # • :$§jliii&' *
years and always with beneficial re- ' ' |^^^g^^gj^>^^WBB88J!^fe^% : § S raP! f
ent Standard Secret Service Bureau. '^^^^^^^^ "^ >^JSi
IEASEB OP LABOB HAD COMMON ||S^^^^^^^^ ¦¦ %?}'¦'
SPBIHO STMFTOMS.
* "I want to, recommend Paine's Celery \ [ -/ ! ',
Compound to all sufferers from liver , , '^fe^Miffi^BS^^^^'*''-',,. .' '
trouble ar.d its complications, bilious- , , •W:7O^^^^^^^^ X^^^' !^' "' .1
ness, constipation, floating spots before << *te?*2s?S.i * , \ . j»
the eyes — and dull thoughts. I suffered "•:.'¦.: tE?S||1/- >-> s V ' .¥
from these troubles every spring for a J I&lk. *
long time. I tried P.-.ine's Celery Com- y fs^^P^^ .^SL. ; ; ; I
pound as ,i la.st resort, and I am now in * • J". : .-"?^p^*^ jC'^^^1 ?
perfbet health."— Chas. T. Jones. Busi- n jfai.; .. *UJ$ >^^^^^ t
ness Agent of Baggage and Parcel De- ' ' : ': ¦: ¦: -^B^^^xiaSt *
livery Drivers and Helpers' Union. Chi- \ [ : iiirffi^^^^^S^^^l *
Overwork— Extreme Nervousness. f "" J^^^^^^^^ ?
"For several years I suffered with ex- { lflH^^5goi>OBE E- PAYNE. I
treme nervousness, due to overwork In ,, p or jf er7e and Endurance tha »
my exacting duties as pressman, and <> noted Detective Iteiies en Paine's 4
could scarcely sleep at night. I was told " Celery Compound. t
of Paine's Celery Compound by a friend, »»»»«« ««»»«??•»•••••••»•»¦
and after taking one bottle received a ....,,.....,.,,,,,,,»,,»«
great deal • of benefit. I purchased an- ?"•*"***** !J \* _. «.-««»4,,«. *
other bottle and consider my nerves bet- J *ot Waste Tin^Dnggg ;
ter than they have been for years. I j CAUSE— the NERVES." I
cannot speak too highly of Paine's Celery J Xprof. E E. Phf-ip*. M. D.. LJ*D.. »
Compound, and think it one of the O f Dartmouth T*r.iv*-raity. Discoverer (
world's Greatest medicines." — J. E. San- » cf Paine's CeJe-ry Compound. ?
berg, 2360 16tlvStreet, S.. Minneapolis. -»•••?»•»»¦ «»»•?••»•¦
Lsarn how muoh better you can feel— Go to your
Druggist To-day— Get one battle— Peel just ONCE
that abundant new nerve force made by Paine's Celery
Compound— You will NEVER AGAIN b8 contented
with low spirits and poor health. __^BOY IN CUSTODY.— Charles H. Faragher,
a 17-year-old apprentice, 1 who deserted from
the British ship sir Robert Ferrie.ls in cus
tody at the City Hall awaiting action by the
British Consul.. .
SHANGHAI, March 14.— Prince Pu
Lun, Chinese commissioner to the St.
Louis Exposition, sailed for Japan to
day, en "route "to the United^ States.
Chinese Commissioner §ails.
It is generally admitted that Draperies
and Lace Curtains are' sold at 40 per cent
less than regular prices at PATTO
SIBN'S RETIRING SALE, corner Six
teenth and Mission streets. * •
Draperies anil I^acc Curtains at a
Bargain. . . .
Supplies for Russian Wounded.
PARIS, March 14.— M. Nolidoff, son of
the Russian Embassador to France, has
gone to St. Petersburg} taking large
supplies for the Russian wounded pre
sented by the French women's organi
zation.
WASHINGTON. March 14.— The Jap
anese legation has received a dispatch
frcrm the Government saying that the
total subscriptions for the treasury loan
of 100.000.000 yen aggregated 452,225,775
yen. of which 33,523.400 yen represent
subscriptions above the issue price fpr
the bonds to be .issued on account of
the loan and 43,833,825 yen represent
small subscriptions below 200 yen.
Japanese War Loan Subscriptions.
"The Japanese thus far have cap
tured seven Russian merchant ships,
whose commanders did not know war
had begun. It is considered that the
naval strength of Russia still equals
that of Japan, including in the estimate
the fortresses of Port Arthur and Vlad
ivostok and the Baltic fleet."
PARIS, March 14. — The Temps' cor
respondent at Newchwang tele'graphs:
. "I have Just returned from a tour
along the Manchurlan frontier. The
trains are crowded with Chinese sol
diers, numbering upward of 21,000, on
their way to garrison the border. A
Japanese attack is expected here as
soon as a thaw occurs, which will be in
about ten days."
The correspondent of the Temps at
St. Petersburg says:
SEVEN MERCHANT
SHIPS CAPTUEED
BY JAPANESE
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 14— Stmr Kroon
land. from Antwero. . ¦ - . .
March 14— Stmr Noordam, from Rotterdam
and Boulogne for New' York, passed Nantucket
lightship at 12:10 P. m.; «tmr Blucher. from
Hamburg. Southampton and Cherbourg, . for
New York. " in communication with Nantucket
lightship at 3 p. -m. •" ,
BREMEN— Arrived Mar 14— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse. from New York, via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg <not as before). ¦
ROTTERDAM— Arrived March 14— Stmr Am
sterdam, from New York.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Mar 14— Stmr Cen
tralla.. hence ¦ Mar 11.
EUREKA— Sailed Mar 14— Stmr Pomona,
for San Francisco.
PORT OAMULE- Sailed Mar 14— Schr Ban
gor. for TUdondo.
SEATTLE— Sailed Mar 14— Stmr Cottage
City for Skagway: stmr Senator passed Port
Townsend. hence Mar 11. will arrive here at
midnight. ' .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Mar 14. 12 r>. m. — Schrs L.uzon and Maria
E. , Smith; a ship.
DOMESTIC TORTS.
... . ARRIVED.
Monday. March 14.
17 8 stmr Thomas. I>ynam. 28 days 22 hours
21 mln. from Manila, via Nagasaki 22 days
10 hours. Honolulu 11 days 1 hour.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson, 61 hours from
Eureka-
Fr bark Marechal Davout. Ropart, 141 days
from Rotterdam, via Cherbourg 133 days.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
PARIS, March 15.— The correspondent
of the Journal at Tientsin says that
Colonel Munthe, aid-de-camp, and Dr.
Lavelle, Counselor for Foreign Affairs
to the Viceroy of Pechill, who are
starting on a mission to Viceroy Alex
ieff, made to him the following state
ment:
"We sincerely believe that China will
not Interfere in the conflict. Doubtless
certain agitators at court are In favor
of Japan, but General Yuan Shi Kai,
who Is the Empress' confidential man,
the most powerful Viceroy in China
and virtual chief of the Chinese army,
is too prudent to expose his country to
the consequence of such an adventure.
The dispatch of reinforcements to the
frontier is genuine, from which we con
clude that China is determined to re
main neutral." - •¦: ¦';?
The correspondent adds: "I confess
that mdrhy symptoms are not in accord
with this authoritative declaration."
GIVE ASSURANCE
OF THE PACIFIC
AIMS OF CHINA
: "Well, .now, .your, honor, it's what: I
can't tell .you why 'it's called 'Carrlg
tuohil,' unless it's because Mr. Coppin
ger lives below there In Barry's court."
—London Globed ~^<
mean?"
..The other runs in the following way,
and seems to hint that when you puz
zle an Irishman he can be as puzzling
as you are. ¦ Sheridan Le Fanu once
asked an Irishman what was the Eng
lish of "Carrlgtuohil." : . ; >
"I never heard any English . or Irish
name upon it, only 'Carrigtuohir
alone," was the reply.
v "I know," said Le Fanu, "it has no
other name; but I want to know the
meaning of the name."
; "Well, now; your honor," he replied,
"I never heard any meaning for it, only
'Carrigtuohir alone."
- "I* know 'carrig'. means a dock," per
sisted Le Fanu; "but what does 'tuohiF
A large percentage of Irish jokes,
when they are analyzed, depend upon
a speaker's ignorance or disregard .of
the proper meaning of a word, or upon
the foolhardiness of using a word not
correctly understood. As an instance of
this trait of the'Irish character there is
the following story of a witness. He
was asked by counsel: "Now, my good
man, is not all this you have been say
ing merely an hypothesis?"
"Well," said the witness, "if your
honor says so, I suppose It was."
"Come, now," persisted counsel; "on
your oath, do you know what an hy
pothesis is?" '
"Well, I think I do; it's some part of
the inside of a pig, b*ut I'm not. exactly
sure what part it is."
He was probabiy thinking of the
aesophagus, but none but an Irishman
would have been so blind to its Incom
patibility with the matter in hand. The
haunting thought comes in again here
as in the consideration of all Irish hu
mor. Was the man really as incongru
ous a fool as he seemed? To assist in
solving, - or still further complicating,
this question two interesting anecdotes
might be set down here on the plea
that if they do not help the reader to
the solution of this subtle question,
they will at least arouse his suspicion.
Judge Burton, a very old and infirm
stipendiary, was engaged in trying a
case, when an equally old and infirm
witness came into court to give wit
ness. By mistake he took the passage
leading to the bench, whereupon coun
sel cried:
"Come back, sir. Where are you go
ing? Do you think you're a judge?'!'
"Indeed, sir," said the- aged one,
glancing toward Judge Burton, "I, fear
I am fit for little else."
The Irish Joke.
OAKLAND, March 14. — Steve
Washington, a colored groom at the
race track, was shot to-night by Sam
Davis and now lies in a precarious
condition at the Receiving Hospital.
The shooting took place in the Old
England saloon at Emeryville. Wash
ington and a colored man named
Bance Powell were having a heated
discussion, when Davis engaged in the
row and brought it to a close by firing
two shots at "Washington. Both took
effect, one bullet making an ugly
wound in his liver and the other en
tering his left breast. Jesse Hill tried
to arrest Davis, but Davis turned the
gun on him and then started to run
away.
Deputy Town Marshal T. Brown ap
peared upon the scene at this Junc
ture and the whole crowd Joined In a
hot chase after the murderous negro,
Brown firing five shots after him.
Davis escaped and it is not known
whether he was hit or not.
Sam Davis Puts Two Bullet Holes In
Steve Washington, and Then
Makes Escapel
SHOOTIXG SCRAPE BETWEEN
COLORED MEN AT EMERYVILLE
TACOMA, March 14.— Little doubt
exists that the 'contents of every cargo
being shipped across the Paciflo from
Puget Sound ports are being carefully
ascertained by Russian secret agents
stationed in Tacoma, Seattle and Van
couver. A mysterious person who
speaks a foreign accent when he speaks
at all has been carefully watching 'the
loading of Oriental steamships here for
six weeks past. Shipping men say that
Oriental liners are similarly inspected
in other ports. An officer of the steam
ship Olympia says that her officers
were informed In Yokohama that the
Russian Government had several
agents on Puget Sound.
Three Russians visited United States
Consul Smith in Victoria about two
months ago. They told a "hard luck!'
story and wanted tickets to Seattle.
Later they called and said that they
had met friends who had helped them
out of their difficulty.
The loading of the steamships Peleus,
Lyra and •. Hyades was carefully
watched by a man who to-day observed
the unloading of the steamship Ping
Suey. To-morrow this vessel will be
gin reloading for the Orient. In this
manner Russian headquarters some
where, probably in New York, is in
formed of exactly how much flour, lead
and other contraband goods are shipped
to Chinese and Japanese ports.
Eight of the twenty-three wounded
Russians who were taken to the'Mat
suyama Red Cross Hospital are in a
serious condition. Three of them had
both legs amputated by a French sur
geon, but reamputation is now neces
sary. One Russian has 165 wounds,
steel splinters being scattered over his
body. Japanese surgeons are locating
them with Roentgen rays and extract
ing them.
A supplementary report from Vice
Admiral Togo concerning the effort
made by the crews of the Japanese tor
pedo-boat destroyers in action off Port
Arthur on the 10th inst. to rescue th'e
crew of a disabled Russian torpedo
boat destroyer reached here to-day.
Captain Shojiro Asai, commanding the
flotilla of torpedo-boat destroyers, says
that the Japanese would have been able
to rescue many more of the enemy but
for the deadly fire of the shore bat
teries and the close approach of the
Russian cruiser Nqvik. The report also
explains that. four men rescued were
not part of the crew of the Stere
guschtchl, as originally reported.
When the Japanese rescuers reached
the Stereguschtchi only the dead re
mained on, board, and it is believed
that the living members of the crew
jumped overboard and perished in the
sea. Three of the rescued Russians are
engineers and the fourth is a torpedo
operator. Two of the captives were
slightly wounded. They were all placed
on board a Japanese battleship and
were given food and medicine.
Engineer Minamisawa, the heroic of
ficer of the torpedo-boat destroyer Ka
suml, has been signally honored for his
gallantry. He has been given the Or
der of the Kyte and the Order of the
Rising Sun and promoted from engi
neer to chief engineer. The Order of
the Kyte is the Japanese equivalent
of the British Victoria Cross and tho
American medal of honor. Chief Engi
neer Minamisawa is the first to whom
the Kyte has been awarded for hero
ism In war. It is Improbable that he
"will survive his wounds.
TOKIO, March 14.— Viceroy Alexieff's
report stating that a Japanese torpedo
boat destroyer was sunk and the cruis
er Takasago heavily damaged by the
shell fire of the Russians during the
fourth attack on Port Arthur is offi
cially pronounced untrue. The dam
aged Japanese torpedo-boat destroyers
can be repaired in one week and it will
not be necessary to dock them.
Salvers working on the Variag at
Chemulpo found the bodies of two Rus
sian sailors. They were taken ashore
and the captains of the Hatsuse and
the Asama conducted burial services
to-day. The Japanese Consul was pres
ent. ¦ ¦ . ¦ . ':¦; , . ....
KUSSIANS WATCH
LOADING OF SHIPS
IN COAST PORTS
JAPAN'S TORPEDO
CRAFT SUSTAIN
LITTLE DAMAGE
A correspondent of a recent edition
of Lloyd's Weekly has expressed his
views of a shio doctor in the following
words: "Many travelers are in doubt
as to the position of the ship's doctor
in regard to his remuneration from
passengers for services rendered. The
merchant shipping act enacts that
every foreign-going vessed having
one hundred persons aboard or up
ward shall carry on board as part of
her complement a duly qualified med
cal practitioner. Furthermore, an
emigrant ship — i. e.. a foreign-going
vessel which carries fifty or more
steerage passengers — must have a
medical man irrespective of the num
ber of the crew or of other pasefgera
carried. The salary of the doctor on
board is commensurate with those
duties to his ship. To any passengers
who are suffering from ordinary
forms of seasickness and its concomi
tant evils or who receive injuries
which are in any way due to the ship,
the doctor's services are free. For any
sickness contracted before sailing or
during a voyage which is not connect
ed, with the above named conditions
he is entitled to a remunration at the
same rate as he would be on shore.
Obviously it would be< as unfair to ex
pect that the services to passengers
should be rendered gratis as it would
be for any visitor in a hotel. or trav
eler on a railway to expect to have
medical attendance free in any illness
for which the hotel or railway au
thorities could not be held respon
sible."
The writer of a letter to the Lancet
says that the case of the ship's surr
geon is stated with accuracy in the
above sentences, and adds that ship's
surgeons are of two kinds — (1) those
who after they have qualified take
such a position either for health or
for pleasure, and (2) those who elect
to make sea life a permanency.
The pay of the ship's doctor varies
from $30 to S50 a month. That Is for
duties to officers and crew. As regards
passengers in relation to the surgeon,
the following groups will include all:
(1) The passenger who takes the in
itiative by remunerating the surgeon
perhaps handsomely for any service
rendered; (2) the passenger who
asks for his bill and pays It If reason
able; (3) the passenger who, travel
ing for the first time, does not know
whether to ask for his bill or wait for
it to be delivered, but Is pleased to be
enlightened on the matter: <4> the
passenger who clings to the old-time
notion that the surgeon Is there solely
for the benefit of passengers, and (5)
the passenger who never intends to
pay the .surgeon. — -Medical Record.
Uncertainty About the Proper Usage
at Last Cleared
Away.
PAYIN'G THE SHIP'S DOCTOR
FOR SERVICES- AT SEA
In the course of his conversations in
the train, while traveling from Moscow,
according to this correspondent, Gen
eral Kuropatkin repeated his desire
that peace should be signed only" in
Toklo. The general said that France,
Germany and Austria had agreed with
Russia to prevent Great Britain inter
vening with another Berlin treaty, add
ing:
"We -will never permit Great Britain
to interfere for the purpose of depriving
us of the fruits of a dearly-bought vic
tory. Korea shall be Russian."
PARIS, March 15. — The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Echo de
Paris says that the Czar's refusal, fol
lowing General Kuropatkin's advice, to
permit Prince Louis Napoleon to go to
the Far East, Is much commented upon.
The correspondent says that six new
torpedo-boats have been sent out of
the Newski yards and that ten others,
modeled after the French torpedo-boat
Cyclone, are being completed and prob
ably will be sent by railway to Port
Arthur.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 14.—Gen
eral Zelinsky telegraphed as follows,
under yesterday's date:
"On March 7 our patrol discovered
four of the enemy's posts on the Chong
chengani River and a troop of cavalry
acting as scouts near Patetchen, nojrth
west of Anju. A Japanese cavalry pa
trol fell into an ambuscade prepared by
our patrol and were dispersed, losing
one killed. The Japanese left behind
them a quantity of guncotton and some
swords and blankets.
"The population of Manchuria Is
quiet. On the night of March 11 the
.enemy's ships explored Helena Bay and
the shore opposite Senutchlno with
searchlights. According to information
which has been verified, the Japanese
have not made any attacks north of
Gensan. The population along the Tu
men River is favorable to us."
When the Japanese closed on the
Russians the sailor sprang aboard the
enemy's vessel and met hter comman
der emerging from the cabin. Sailor
and captain sprang at one another, but
the Japanese was the quicker of the
two and felled the Russian officer by
striking him on the head with a cut
lass. The Russian endeavored to rise,
but the Japanese sailor kicked him
overboard and he was drowned.
The Japanese say there were twenty
two dead on the two Russian destroy
ers.
. The report of the death of Engineer
Mlnamisawa was premature, but he can
scarcely recover.
The Japanese dead were landed at
Sasebo and received with full military
honors. They were borne on gun car
riages to the naval brigade headquar
ters.
TOKIO, Tuesday, March 15.— A
steamship bearing the ten wounded
men and the bodies of nine of the sea
men who were killed in the battle off
Port Arthur on the 10th inst. has
reached Sasebo. The wounded and
dead were chiefly . participants in the
battle between, the Japanese and Rus
sian torpedo-boat destroyers. The sur
vivors unite In praising the desperately
heroic attack on the Russians and tell
a story of a personal encounter be
tween a Japanese sailor and the cap
tain-of the Russian destroyer Stere
gusthchi.
Kuropatkin Says That
Czar Will Rule
Korea.
Daring Deed of One
of the Men on
Togo 's Fleet.
Japanese Cavalry Pa
trol Falls Into an
Ambuscade.
BARBAROUS DUPLICITY.
"Russia has had two strings to her
b<->Tv in these conquests," continued Mr.
to assist in ridding the sea of pirates.
Once fairly established on its waters,
Fh<* made it forever a closed sea, not
only to Persia but to all the rest of the
•world, and at once began to use it as a
fulcrum for the conquest of the sur
rounding regions of Turkestan and
Northern Persia. She is now at the
Persian Gulf, with treaties which give
her a monopoly of railway and banking
richts in the Shah's realm and an ab-
Folute control of the Persian customs
and internal revenue.
<-::;inued the Prussian method of ex
pansion down to the present day and
explained the -wonderful success of the
Czar's agenii. in winning the loyalty of
conquered peoples. The story of Rus/
Eta's progress against the Turks and
Persians was fully told — how she had
ptirred up rebellions in the dominions
of the Sultan and Shah and then in
tervened on the pretext of restoring
order, thus fastening her clutch on ter
ritory never to be released.
Persia's loss of the Caspian Sea was
<>nly one of the many "examples cited
<•' Russian duplicity. "Russia had of
fered her friendly services to Persia
Mr. Sheppard began with a brief re
view of the growth of Russian power
during the last six centuries. "Taking
Moscow as a center of national life,"
h<» paid, "we find that Russian ex
pansion has been connected with two
great movements: her eastward ad
vance toward China, Manchuria and
Korea, and her southward advance to
ward Turkey, Persia and India." This
expansion was explained clearly in its
f-alk-nt historical facts, especial em
j>hasis being laid on the ancient Rus
sian policy of conquering and then ab
sorbing the wandering nomad tribes of
foes who harassed the Muscovite
jtowcr. ThiP. the speaker declared, had
"Russian Expansion in Asia" was
the subject of a noteworthy paper read
last night before the Chit-Chat Club by
Eli T. Shej>rard. lung in the United
States consular service In China and
for many years the adviser of the Japa
ne5e Government la matters of Interna
tional law. Horace Davis, president of
the club, presided, and nearly 100 mem
bers listened to the address with the
deepest interest. Mr. Sheppard's life
long study of Oriental questions gave
his utterances the vrelsht of authority,
and his care in citing established his
torical facts as the basis of his deduc
tions marked him as a trustworthy and
conservative guide in a field that is
Just now much obscured by prejudice,
JCevcrtheless the speaker showed
himself no lover of Russia. While pay
ing due attention to the overmastering
skill of Russian diplomacy and the un
faltering determination with which the
agents of the great White Czar have
substituted order for chaos in their
Asiatic conquests, he pointed out the
long course of duplicity by which her
diplomats have tightened Russia's grip
upon these dominions, first established
by ruthless murder and rapine. Accord
ing to this expert in international law
there is no crime so foul that Russia
has not committed It in her progress
into Southern and Eastern Asia, no
pledge she has not repeatedly broken,
no falsehood so base that she has not
brazenly proclaimed It the truth, until
the facts disclosed her treachery to all
the world, when her familiar excuse
had been that "honesty is inerely rela
tive"—!n other words, that all is fair in
the international game.
THE RUSSIAN ADVANCE.
"There was no disputing the plaus
ibility and even the correctness of this
contention. Russia was only setting
up the lesson the Western powers had
imposed upon her at the Congress of
Berlin in 1879. But it took the world
two years to find out that she played
her game with a 'joker' up her sleeve.
It knows now that at the very moment
the Russian diplomatists were protest
ing so righteously against the dismem
berment of China, they were actually
in possession of the Cassini secret con
vention, by which China had practi
cally given to Russia a free hand In
the whole of Manchuria.
"The official text of this convention
has never been published and never
will be, for the reason . that the wjiole
episode is tainted with a moral obliq
uity and conscious duplicity that even
a Russian diplomatist would be asham
ed to confess. It is known, however,
that Russia undertook to obtain th»
recession from Japan of the Liaotung
peninsula and to support China againct
further aggressions In consideration of
certain exclusive treaty rights in Man
churia. ','.':)>' '.'•''»•
"The scope of the Casslnl convention
has since been enlarged, notably by the
conventions of 1896 and 1898, both of
which were conducted in secret . and
both of which were repeatedly denied
officially by Russia after tHey had been
signed. The remarkable feature of all
these conventions is that in addition to
the exclusive railway, banking and
mining privileges secured by Russia, a
palpable injustice is inflicted- on all
other nations. It was provided, among
other things, that all goods and mer
chandise imported from Russia over
the Siberian railway should pay one
third less duty than that imposed at
the open treaty ports. This introduced
the principle of differential tariffs Into
Chinese commerce in direct violation
of the treaty rights of Japan and all
the other treaty powers. Yet on six
separate occasions since 1901 the Rus
sian Government has officially and sol
emnly declared that Manchuria would
be entirely restored to China and that
Russia had no Intention to acquire an
actual or virtual protectorate over
Manchuria or Korea or to annex any
part of their territories. In the face of
these facts. Russia is now asking the
sympathy of the western nations on
the ground that hers Is a Christian
Government, forced to defend herself
against a pagan power."
THE CASSINI TREATY.
In \*iew of the present war, a large
part of Mr. Sheppard's able paper was
naturally given to the story of Rus
sia's relations with China and the
steps by which she has gradually
fastened her hold upon Manchuria, His
narrative began with Peter the Great's
treaty with China, reserving the Amur
provinces to the latter nation. "The
influence of his name was so powerful,"
said the speaker, "that for a century
and a half Russian statesmen kept
their hands off these regions, but the
Crimean War was followed by their
seizure in defiance of the faith of na
tions, at the very moment when China
was in the throes of the Taiping re
bellion and unable to defend herself. .
"The results of the war between
China and Japan in 1S94 took the Rus
sians by surprise. They realized that
if Japan got herself firmly established
in the Liaotunar peninsula, the Russian
advance into Manchuria and their de
s5g:n of Oriental dominion would be
indefinitely postponed. But Russia was
then unprepared to attack Japan. So
she entered upon a course of consum
mate duplicity without parallel In mod
ern history. She took the lead In pro
testing against the occupation of
Korea and the Llaotung peninsula by
Japan, on the ground that it would
disturb the Integrity of China and the
Asiatic balance of power.
" 'Sire, your Majesty's order reached
me in the heart of that city which I
now have the honor to place at your
Majesty's feet.' "
RUSSIA AND CHINA.
Sheppard; "soft words and smooth dip
lomatic assurances at St. Petersburg;
aggressive and resistless action at the
front. If these aggressions succeed,
then the Czar's ministers tell the world
that they are now accomplished facts
and the honor of Russia will not per
mit her to recede. If they fail, then
the Government disavows and dishon
ors the offending officers as evidence
to the world of the immaculate purity
of Russia's intentions.
"The two great factors In the Rus
sian national life to-day are the Greek
church and the army. The latter is
the real autocrat of all the Russlas.
The current war in the East is the
work of the army officers, men who
are really Asiatics in blood and spirit.
It was not desired by the Czar. These
soldiers have shown themselves the
most brutal murderers now masquerad
ing under the name of Christians. They
have disregarded the treaty faith of
their nation and the diplomatic pledges
of the Czar's Government.
"Just as General Cherniev was about
to advance on Tshkent, .the capital of
Turkestan, he received an order from
St. Petersburg to withdraw his expe
dition. Quietly pocketing the order, he
stormed the fortifications, looted the
city and massacred the inhabitants. He
then hastened to St. Petersburg and,
presenting himself to the Czar, he thus
addressed him:
A Russian correspondent proceeding
to the front writes to the St. Peters
burg Telegraph Bureau from Irkutsk,
Siberia, as follows:
"Our express train travels slower
than the slowest train in European
Russia. The seat of war Is still re
mote, but its presence is felt. The long
rows of cars, filled with soldiers, the
caravans anaMhe primitive sleighs
drawn by shaggy horses which we pasa
along the way at the crowded stations
break the monotony of the snow-bound
wastes and endless forests, and the
stillness is broken by the songs of the
jolly reservists and the bells of the vil
lage churches sounding clear through
the frosty air. This bustle and activ
ity amidst the Siberian desolation strik
ingly illustrate the -Russian giant
SIBERIAN WAR SCENES.
The Russ welcomes the proclamation
as convincing evidence of a more
friendly feeling on the part of the
Americans for Russia.
The Boerse Gazette remarks: "Theo
dore Roosevelt was the first ruler to
respond to the warning cry Issued
many years ago by Emperor .William
against the 'yellow peril.' "
The St. Petersburg Zeitung asserts
that the proclamation leaves no fur
ther doubt that the United States has
a firm intention to observe strict neu
trality, and adds:
"It bears the stamp of strong and
most distinguished personality."
The other papers also make a display
this morning of the denials of the
Newchwang reports that the United
States intended to support the protest
of the commander of the United States
gunboat Helena against the plan of
the Russian authorities to sink Junks
at the entrance of the Lao River, evi
dently considering that this puts an
end to the statement which caused a
flurry here yesterday, and that further
comment is unnecessary. V» "
The Alexander committee announces
that, in addition to the regular army
pensions, a supplementary pension of
$25 a year will be given to the widows
and orphans of the non-commissioned
officers, and $24 to those of soldiers and
sailors killed In the face of the enemy.
The Novosti hails the auspicious ini
tiative of President Roosevelt In the
interest of universal peace and good
relationship between Russia and the
United States, saying:
"He wields practically unlimited
authority with respect to the foreign
policy of the country, Secretary Hay
submitting to the will of the Presi
dent." —
MORE FRIENDLY FEELING.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 14.—
There is no truth in the rumors that
the Russians have abandoned Port Ar
thur. Admiral Abaza, Secretary of the
Commission on Far Eastern Affairs,
authorizes the press to deny the story.
He says the situation at Port Arthur
is unchanged and that, nothing of im
portance has occurred there in the past
twenty-four hours.
President Roosevelt's recent procla
mation regarding the observance of
neutrality by all officials and the absti
nence from either action or speech
which might cause irritation to either
Japan or Russia has produced a great
impression here. The newspapers this
morning print prominently articles
commending the substance and spirit
of the proclamation in the highest
terms. The Official Gazette accepts it
unreservedly as a complete answer to
the charges that the American Govern
ment is hostile to Russia; and declares
that hereafter, despite any seemingly
untoward incident which may arise, it
will be considered settled once and for
all, "that- the American Government
has taken a friendly attitude toward
our alms and policies in the Far East,"
adding: „ • >
"This undoubtedly marks a change in
American sentiment, the people there
realizing the danger of supporting Ja
pan." _A
stretching his limbs preparatory to
punishing the foe. General Rennen
kampf. who is to lead the Cossack di
vision, is traveling on the same train.
He tells me that all these reservists
will become splendid hardened soldiers
a fortnight after reaching the front.
"At Irkutsk we met the victims of
the war — children and women trying to
get back to European Russia. On our
entrance into the semi-darkness of thtj
station we were greeted by the wailing
of children issuing from the dirt heaps
and baggage incumbering the floor.
Their waxen faces and bloodshot,
sleepless eyes would melt a heart of
stone. The wild, panic stricken flight
of their mothers from Manchuria after
the startling outbreak of the war led
to great sufferings. They reached thij
place after untold hardships, only to
find that they will have to wait we»:<s
more until there is sufficient train ac
commodation to enable them to pro
ce»d farther. So the children have been
pining, sleepless and motionless, in this
fetid atmosphere, because outside
reigns deathly frost."
Press and Officials Are Now Convinced That
the United States Will
Eli T. Sheppard Says the Czar's Embassadors
Study Treachery and His Sol
diers Brutality.
An official statement that none of the Japanese warships was seriously damaged in the recent bat
tle off Port Arthur lias been issued in Toldo. J ci-- : «
Twenty thousand additional Chinese troops are on the way to guard the Mahchurian border, accord
ing to a dispatch from Xewchwang. Preparations to hold Xewchwang continue,. but. the opinion is held
that the Russians will abandon the town on the approach of the Japanese and wait until 300,000 men
are mobilized before beginning an active campaign. . Japanese rumors that the Russians had abandoned
Port Arthur were officially denied.
It is reported by a British correspondent that the Russian admiral, 3Iakaro'ff, has himself blockaded
the entrance to the harbor at Port Arthur, with the Russian fleet on the outside, and that he will assume
the aggressive against the Japanese fleet. •
Russian private advices admit that Port Arthur was badly damaged in the recent bombardment. It
is added that a state of siege is to be proclaimed in Russian seaports as a precautionary measure during
the movements of troops and ships.
From Seoul comes confirmation of the report received previously from several sources that the
Japanese lost a cruiser in the battle with the Russian warships Variag and Koreitz at the outbreak of the
war. A sunken warship lies in the mud flats near the entrance to the harbor of Chemulpo and not far
distant is the hulk of a transport that was driven ashore by a gale during the transportation of the Japan-
PRESIDENT'S NEUTRALITY ORDER
PUTS END TO RUSSIAN DISTRUST
DIPLOMATIST BITTERLY SCORES
RUSSIA'S JANUS-FACED POLICY
SUMMARY OF THE CALL'S SPECIAL WAR DISPATCHES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; TUESDAY.- MARCH 15. 1004.
VALIANT JAPANESE SEAMAN BOARDS RUSSIAN DESTROYER AND HURLS ITS COMMANDER INTO THE SEA
BILIj TOO LARGE. — Judge Murasky yester
day refused- to approve , the, final account of
former. Public . Administrator John Farnham
as. administrator of the estate of Thomas Far-
3
ADVERTISEMENTS^
• '" '"' '""'"• -"--'---'^---" - ju "*
uoiiar,
I licit o *«v \gs5* 3p9*8
Don't wear an expensive hat >|^^^^»
the hats for mechanics, team- J^^^^^Il;.-,^,
sters and all working men.
Many clerks wear them, tQO - •^^^^ r^^ ?:^^^^^B^^^^g
45c. These are the caps with '=v^i^&^r" . $(|&*x
box plaits on top, indestruct- iv&^i^r^**^ *^lf^?;W : -
ible visors and silk lining. V'^^liaP^ " •' v^li*^
Out-of-town orders filled —
740 Market Street "•£§?/ w
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If Brand m
H Evaporated §1
II Cream M
ll^ bears the above csp label. Ig§
|g| Contains fully as much g|f
Eg food substance per csn as figa
tp| the watery imitations In j|||
Kgl It is cmooth and perfect K§s
BJEH because skillfully pre- fijji
/||| pared. Its purity is fffik
All over this Coast.
Schilling's Best is in every
one's mouth :
te* btUir.g-powder rci:«
coSee flavoring extracts *oc!»
They go far to make living
comfortable.
At j a_r crecer't; ncncybcckWATSON'S WILL IS FILED.— The will of
the late . Peter ' Watson.* whicti disposes of an
estate worth considerably more than $10,000,
was filed for probate yexterday. The estate. Is
left to Dorothea Watson, .widow "of the de
ceased, aod she is named'as executrix.
' BEDFORD, Ind., March 14.— The
Grand jury to^-day returned two in
dictments against James "McDonald,'
under arrest charged with the mur
der, of Miss Sarah Schaefer. the Latin
teacher found murdered last Decem
ber, in a barn here. .
McDonald Indicted for Murder.
/ TOPEKA, March 14.— The Rock
Island passenger department an
nounces to-day special concessions and
rates for the California tourist traf
fic, and has put on extra equipment
so as to be able to promptly attend" to
all its business in that direction.
Special Rates for Tourists.
COLORADO SPRINGS, March 14.
Chief of Police Reynolds of this city
said to-day he had no doubt that
Michael O'Brien, whose body was
found last fall near. Clyde, on .the
Cripple Creek Shortline Railroad, was
murdered by Gustave Marx, the Chi
cago carbarri murderer, who has con
fessed that he killed a man In the
suburbs of Cripple Creek. The officers
never found a clew tb' the' murderer of
O'Brien and the case remained a mys
tery until Marx made, his confession.
Thinks Caitmrn Bandit Killed
Man Near Cripple Creek.
Chief of Police of Colorado Springs
3IUKDE11 OF O'BRIRX
- IS CHANGED TO MARX
VICTORIA. B. C, March 14. — A. S.
Going, surveying engineer, appointed
by the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway
Company to find a feasible route for
the proposed transcontinental line
through Northern British Columbia,
returned. here to-day after an absence
of many months in the^ wilds of the
northern interior. He absolutely de
clined to speak of his trip except to
say that he and his party endured
great hardships and were lost for
some time in the mountainous wilder
ness in Northeastern British Colum
bia. .
Surveyor for Grand Trunk Railroad
I let urns From Trip to
Northwest..
BXGIXKEB IS RETICENT
AIlOtT EXPERIENCES
The Lokal Anzelger says Emperor
William has ordered reinforcements to
the number of 5000 men, with. 1200
horses, to be sent to Southwest Africa.
The troops will sail as soon as pos
sible.
BERLIN. March 14. — In the Reich
stag to-day, before the order of the
day was taken up. Dr. Steubel, Di
rector of the Colonial Office, an
nounced the receipt of a cable message
from Colonel Leutwein, Governor of
German Southwest Africa, saying that
800 cavalry, with two mounted bat
teries, were indispensable for subduing
the Hereros, of whom f»000 were un
der arms and still occupying strong
position on the line. of the railroads.
A bill providing these reinforcements
will' be introduced in the House as
soon as it can be prepared.
The House applauded a political eu
logy of President Cleveland by Pat
terson of Tennessee, and a moment
later a eulogy of the late President
McKinley, also by Patterson. Cleve
land, he said, had not hesitated to lis
ten to political and other advice from
the South and McKinley had done
much to heal the breach between the
North and the South. • • ¦
"Although President Cleveland made
mistakes," declared Patterson, "he cer
tainly did not make them against the
interests of the South, and whatever
mistakes he made were like specks on
the sun compared to his great char
acter, his true Americanism and his
unblemished honor."
The blight of the fifteenth amend
ment to the constitution. had reversed
the previous great record of the South
in producing Presidents, but Patterson
expressed the belief that a Democratic
nominee from the South would not lose
a single electoral vote to the party.
H« mentioned John G. Carlisle, Rep
resentative Williams and .Senator
Bailey as possible candidates.
Crumpacker (It.) of Indiana read a
letter from F. H. Cunningham,, presi
dent of the National Letter Carriers'
Association, urging rural delivery let
ter carriers to telegraph to their mem
bers of Congress to vote to increase
the salaries of the rural free delivery
carriers. Crumpacker said that he was
not opposed to increasing the salaries
of carriers, but he believed this a ful
fillment of the prophecy of ex-Repre
sentative Loud , that these carriers
would organize a powerful machine and
dictate to Congress. - '
WASHINGTON, March 14. —The
House to-day resumed consideration of
the postofflce appropriation bill in com
mittee of the whole. Moan of Tennes
see, the ranking minority member of
the Postofflce Committee, reviewed the
action of the committee in bringing
the report before the House, and said
the. committee was not authorized to
sit in judgment and could not have
made any change in the report as sub
mitted to the committee.
Emperor William Orders
5000 German Troops to
Southwestern Africa War
Patterson's Eulogy of Cleve
land and McKinley Is Ap
plauded in the House
WILD HEREROS
TO BE CRUSHED
LAUDS NATION'S .
FORMER CHIEFS
VANCOUVER. B. C. March 14. —
The tri^l was heard to-day of J. J.
Boetiper. Byron P. Martin and Wil
liam Scott, charged with violating the
merchants' shipping act In shipping
peamen on board the German ship
Adolf, lumber laden for Iquique,
•whif-h has been detained since last
Thursday. The defense in the case
•was that there is a treaty between
Germany and Great Britain authoriz
ing the German Consul in a British
port to provide a crew for a German
Fhip. without having recourse to the
official phipping master or his deputy.
Judgment Wafi reserved pending the
production of a copy of the treaty.
lWendants Say Treaty Gives Them
Right to I»rocure Crew in British
Torts for German snip-.
TRIED FOR VIOLATION
OF THE SHIPPING ACT
WASHINGTON. March 14. — The
Senate in executive session confirmed
the nomination of Robert M. Rich
ardson as postmaster at Sacramento.
Illehardson Now Postmaster.
WASHINGTON, March 14. — Legis
lation for the District of Columbia and
the postoflice appropriation bill occu
pied the. attention of the House to
day. The rural free delivery service
received most attention. Credit for
the establishment of this service was
claimed by speakers for both parties
and both sides declared their friend-
Fhip for it
Postoffiee Hill Ilefore House.
So the apostles Juggled boldly with
all the facts of the case. Apostle Ly-
, "Do you make any distinction be
tween revelations of the Lord which
' you feel at liberty to disobey and those
'¦¦ that you are bound to obev?" asked
Senator Hoar of "Apostle Lyman — a
stout, farmer-looking man with brown
hair grown thin, on the crov.-n.
* "Oh, yes, to 6e sure," said he.
"And have you repented of a dis
regard of this revelation about polyg-.
amy?"
"No; not yet," was the prompt an
swer.
When it became unlawful for a Mor
mon to practice polygamy a revelation
of the Lord directed that they 'cease
the practice, but, this. revelation found
many of them with a plurally of wives,
which they have continued to live with
in unlawful cohabitation.
The hearings on this bill have been
second only in public interest during
the past week to the Mormon inquiry
on the Senate side of the Capitol. The
committee room % there has been packed
daily, the curious being admitted to
the capaciy of the room and the hall
way outside being crowded. The sen
sational testimony was followed with
the liveliest interest and the shock
with which the throng of women listen
ers heard the sturdv old apostle admit
the possession of many wives, all living
and bearing children, was tempered
with admiration as they followed the
confession by a declaration of read
iness to suffer any penalty which the
law might impose rather than desert
them.
is on the committee, is opposed to the
bill.
MUCH INTEREST SHOWN.
IOWA CONGRESSMAN WHO
IS FIGHTING FOR A PURE
FOOD LAW.
Daniel offered an amendment to the
bill, reducing to $200,000 the author
ized expenditure for a submarine boat,
and Carmack gave notice that an
jimendment would be offered to strike
out all designation as to the type of
boat to be purchased and leave the
entire matter to the discretion of the
.Secretary of War. Neither amend
ment was acted upon.
Perkins Among Those "Heard In Fa
vor of the Appropriation
Measure
WASHINGTON, March 14. — The
fortification appropriation bill was
before the Senate all day, the provi
sion for the purchase of a submarine
boat of a designated type taking up
the entire session. The chair over
ruled a point of order made against
the provision and then followed dis
cussion on the merits. The bill was
favored by Messrs. Perkins, Cockrell.
Plait of Connecticut, Warren and
Proctor, while Messrs. Daniel, Martin,
Berry. GalHnger, Lodge and Mallory
opposed the army entering into experi
ments with submarine boats and
usurping what they alleged to be a
naval function. • -
SENATE DISCUSSES
SUnSIAKIM? CRAFT
COXTKSTS WILI,.— Peter Reilly has filed
a contest to the will of Ann Ferguson en the
rmunds of ineompetrncy and undue Influence.
200.000 PeoijIe*YVore There.
Since the announcement of PATTO
STKN'S GREAT RETIRING SALE 200.
000 people were in the store, yet tfyere is
no end to it. Every dr»y the store con
tinues to be crowded with buyers. •
LONDON, March 14. — The question
was' raised in the House of Commons
to-day whether frozen or chilled meat
ha3 any injurious effect on consumers
and especially whether such meat con
tributes to increasing the number of
cases of cancer in the United King
dom. President Long of the Local
Government board said that while he
had no information on the subject, he
thought that the matter might prop
erly be referred to the royal commis
sion for inquiry into the causes of
cancer, which Is now sitting.
Discuss Causes of Cancer.
OSSINTNG, N. Y., March 14. —
Thomas Tobln was put to death to
day in the electric chair at Sins Sins
for the murder of Captain James B.
Craft in New York City. He walked
to the chair uttering a prayer that
his mother had taught him when a
child. Three shocks were given be
fore he was pronounced dead.
Tobln. an ex-convict, -was employed
in a tenderloin saloon in September,
1902, when Captain Craft, a wealthy
Long Islander, visited the place. The
captain displayed some money and a
drug was put into his liquor. • The vic
tim failed to recover consciousness.
Tobln dragged him to the furnace
room, cut off his head with a cleaver
and threw it into the furnace.
Electric Chair Ends IJfe of Thomas
Tobln, Who Killed Captain
James B. Craft,
DIES MUTTERING PRAYER
LEARNED IX CHILDHOOD
unexpected formation of a new polit
ical party to oppose the Mormons in
political affairs.
Non-Mormons, who are indignant at
the testimony of President Smith and
the admissions made before the Smoot
investigating committee, met here to
day with the avowed purpose of form
ing a new party. A committee of twen
ty-five citizens was appointed to frame
a plan of political action, and a mass
meeting will be held next week to ratify
the action and perfect organization. A
protest against the statements of Presi
dent Smith was unanimously adopted
and was at once forwarded to Chair
man Burrows of the investigating com
mittee, and copies will be circulated for
further signatures in Utah and adjoin
ing States.
The resolutions declare that the law
abiding citizens repudiate emphatically
the statement of President Smith that
his offense of living in open polygamy
is condoned; that, on the contrary, the
disclosures made by him at Washing
ton were nowhere received with greater
amazement, indignation and disgust
than In Utah; that it has been hereto
fore impossible to get at the real facts
of the situation owing to the wall of
secrecy with which, the polygamlsts
have surrounded themselves and their
constant practice of failing to comply
with the law in reporting births. The
protest conclude? with the demand that
law-breaking in Utah be brought to an
end and that the State keep its pledge
to the United States.
In his application Attorney General
Knox maintains that Judge Wing, in
holding unconstitutional that part of
.the Chinese exclusion law which pro
vides for the deportation of alien' Chi
r.ese after a hearing before a United
States Commissioner, is proceeding
contrary to decisions of the United
States Supreme Court and is prevent
ing the deportation of Chinese who
are unlawfully .in the United States.
WASHINGTON. March 14. — In the
Supreme Court to-day tha Govern
ment of the United Slates, through
Attorney General Knox; applied for a
writ of mandamus to oompel Judge.
Frar.cis J. Winff of th« United States
Pistrict Court of the Northern District
of Ohio to take what the Department
of Justice maintains is legal action
¦with respect to certain Chinese exclu
sion cases. This is the first time in
the history of the Supreme Court
that the Government has sought a writ
of mandamus against a Federal Judge.
Head of the Church Says
the Federal Senators Are a
Lot of "Good Fellows"
Attorney General Claims the
Jurist Erred in Declaring
the Act Unconstitutional
But the Hepbyrn-Dolliver bill is en
tirely different, and it is just as well to
clear any confusion resulting from the
Hepburn name. The measure is
fathered In the House by Mr. Hepburn
and in the Senate by Dolliver of Iowa.
Should it become a law it would em
power any State to stop the importa
tion of California wines, as well as all
other liquors, across its borders. It is
an Iowa measure — an attempt on the
par^ of that State to do away with the
liquor traffic as it is carried on "in the
original package." Iowa has a prohibi
tion law. Liquor being sent to pur
chasers living within that State from
dealers in other States, action was
brought and the State Supreme Court
said it was unlawful. The United
States Supreme Court reversed this
ruling, holding that, except as checked
by act of Congress, interstate com
merce was free. In 1S90 the Wilson bill
was passed to give the State the right
to prevent the sale of liquor in the orig
inal package. The bill failed of the de
sired effect — that is, to keep liquor out
of the State — for while it became un
lawful to transfer title to the "original
package" by sale, it was still lawful to
deliver to the consignee, and the num
ber of consignees simply multiplied.
The intent of the Hepburn-Dolllver
bill is to enable the Legislature of any
State to forbid by law the. importation
of liquor. Under its provisions a State
may stop at the line and confiscate any
wines or. other liquors consigned to an
individual within its borders, and may
regulate the importation otherwise by
levy of taxes.
The House Judiciary Committee, to j
which the bill was referred, has listened
with patience for many days to argu
ments on both sides. Temperance or
ganizations have called orators for the
purpose from long distances and many
directions throughout the United
States. Brewers' organizations and,
ethers have spoken against the bill. A
number of women have spoken on both
sides. Dr. Mary Walker and Phoebe
Cousins a/nong those opposed to it. The
hearings have been enlivened by
charges made by opponents- of the bill
that its champions had without war
rant used the frank of members of the
committee to circulate literature calcu
lated to create public feeling in its
favor. Some surprise is expressed that
no representative of California's wine
interests has ppoken a word in the con
troversy. Representative Gillette, who
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— The fact
that Representative Hepburn is the au
thor of a pure food bill is doubtless re
sponsible for a number of rush tele
grams from California to members of
the delegation urging: them to line up
for the passage of the so-called Hep
burn-Dolllver bill, which has been re
cently before the House Judiciary Com
mittee for several very interesting and
widely advertised sessions. The pure
food bill is a highly exemplary' measure.
California, in common with other well
behaved States, -has registered an in
terest in Its passage. The wine industry
has been especially active in this way.
WARNING TO CALIFORNIANS.
By S. \Y. WALL.
It is said outside of church circles
that the meeting of President Smith
and the apostles to-night* concerned the
1 For about three hours there was a
private family gathering in the Bee
! Hive house, from which all but the im
j mediate members of the President's five
j families were excluded. Afterward the
I wives separated, going to their various
, homes, where they were later visited by
I President Smith, who paid a formal call
I to each.
| In the meantime the quorum of the
j twelve apostles (all that are present in
j Salt Lake) and the council of seventies
j were awaiting the President on import
! ant business, the nature of which
*is kept secret.
j Smith, in an interview to-night, said
(that his visit to the national capital
i had been productive of great pleasure.
; He said the Senators were a lot of good
( fellows and that the press of Washing
i ton had treated him fairly. He declined
\ to discuss the merits of the Smoot case,
; but said that the people of the country
. had been already sufficiently informed
I on the subject.
. Smith said that all his testimony on
; the witness stand had been given with
; out regard to how it might affect the
chances of the Senator from Utah and
declared that all he had stated he
j would reiterate under any circum
stances.
SALT LAKE, Utah. March 14.— With
a remarkable family reunion. Joseph F.
Smith, president of the Mormon
church, was welcomed home to-day on
his return from the Smoot inquiry in
Washington. His five wives were not
at the station to meet him, but they all
awaited his coming at the famous Bee
Hive house, where, also, some thirty
two of his children had gathered to v re
ceive him. President Smith kissed Mrs.
Julia Smith warmly and embraced
Mrs. Edna Sampson Smith, a sister of
Julia. Then he greeted his other
wives fondly and kissed a few of the
younger children.
Special Dispatch to. The Call
Captain Daniels has introduced a new
bill touching the Colorado River irriga
tion question. It sets out as a fact
that the water is more valuable for
irrigation than for navigation purposes
and legalizes the appropriation that has
been made of the water already by
irrigation companies and admits the
same right in the future to any to
which it is accorded by the States or
Territories through which the 'river
flows. This makes a general proposi
tion of what was directed to the bene
fit of a single company and will at
least ¦ eliminate some ground of oppo
sition on the part of the geological sur
vey. The water of the river is nearly
all employed in irrigation now and a
large part of its use for this purpose
is in Mexico, it being carried some dis
tance through that country by way of
finding grade and thence back into
California. Some Interesting questions
will develop in the consideration of the
bill. ~<,%:^ .
"That remark of his," adds Chaplain
Hale, "is so. fine that it- ought to go
into, history and literature," and he
wants to know if it be possible to trace
the identity of. the sailor, through any
of the historical societies of the West
or otherwise. ¦ j
CALIFORNIA'S PATRON AGE./
The failure of Senator Bard's essay
at harmony in the California delega
tion with regard to the distribution of
Federal patronage is the occasion of
many a wry face among its members.
The way seemed entirely clear to a
certain arrival at satisfactory nomina
tions to fill future vacancies. The po
sition taken by Senator Perkins will
ca'rry the matter over until next ses
sion. No great importance attaches to
this, he says, as there are no appoint
ments pending save those which Sen
ator Bard.ieserved. The argument is
made, however*, that for this reason the
time is opportune for arriving at an
agreement covering the future and be
fore any contention has arisen over the
filling of vacancies.. JVevertheless many
admit the strength c-f Senator Perkins
position in the matter, while regretting
the possible effect on the strength of
the delegation. .';.:;
Colonel Harvey Scott, is in the city
looking after the appropriation for the
Lewis and Clark Exposition of Port
land, of which he is president. The
disposition in the House is to cut the
appropriation down. The original bill
was for two millions national appro
priation. The Senate cut it only to
$1,775,000. The House committee talks
of allowing only $500,000. It was hear
ing of this that brought Mr. Scott
across the continent again after hav
ing gone home with the impression that
the fight was won. He says he is will
ing to compromise on a million, but
that if the nation is to be represented
at all it should not offer less than this,
considering the historical importance
of the event being celebrated as well
as the importance geographically of
the proposed exposition."
Edward Everett Hale, chaplain of the
Senate, thinks that there is a place in
history for a certain young sailorman
if his name can be learned, and he is
prosecuting an inquiry in which he has
enlisted Senator Foster of Washington.
In a letter dated March 4 addressed to
the Senator he says:
"When Commodore Perry opened the
ports of Japan the Japanese Govern
ment had in prison a young fellow from
Washington Territory who had <• been
shipwrecked on their coast. He was
in prison only because he was a for
eigner. They were cross-examining
him, and asked him %vhat officers of
our Government held higher rank than
the men they knew. He said the offi
cers c-f the navy had to obey the Sec
retary of the Navy, and that he was
under the President. They asked him
who was greater than the President.
This boy said, 'The people is greater
than the President'; and in giving the
account of this afterward he said, 'Of
this they could make nothing.'
OKEGOX'S EXPOSITION.
It was question and answer like this
that kept interest in the Inquiry keyed
to a high pitch.
"Yes; he accepted it as a fact — but
he did not know it."
"You say that in your missionary
work, you teach only the plain princi
ples of Vyour doctrine and avoid the
mysteries?"
"Yes."
"Is polygamy one of the mysteries
of the doctrine?"
"It would be considered so now."
man said that Senator Smoot did not
know that he (Lyman) had a plurality
of wives.
"Did the people generally of Salt
Lake know that you had a number of
wives?"
"They accented it as a fact."
"Did Apostle^ Smoot accept it as a
fact?"
BIG FAMILY REUNION
PHOCEEDIXG IS NOVEL
Five Wives and Numerous
Children Welcome Presi
dent Smith at Salt Lake
Knox Asks for Writ Com
pelling the Ohio Justice to
Enforce the Exclusion. Law
Proposed Act Goes Beyond the Excelfent Provisions of the Pure Food
Restrictions- and Empowers any State to Prohibit Importation of
Wines Across Its Borders— Issue of Senatorial Patronage Unsettled
WOULD FORCE
WING TO ACT
MORMON CHIEF
RETURNS HOME
HEPBURN-DOLLIVER BILL INIMICAL
TO CALIFORNIA WINE NTERESTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", TUESDAY. MARCH 15, 1904.
4
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
Agreeable soap for the
hands is one that dissolves
quickly, washes quickly,
rinses quickly, and leaves
the skin soft and comfort-
able. It is Pears'.
- Wholesome soap is one
that attacks the dirt but
not the. Jiving skin. It is
Economical soap is one
'that a touch of cleanses.
And this is Pears'.
'^.Established over 100 yeaw.
" A/T f^ R lii T : 1M Ht "
IViUJniN UN VJT
I • . ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦•-•¦• ; v ¦-¦-¦- ¦ -. -¦ j
BS/**yj?' tT^* *' -¦''¦ '¦''"¦ ¦" ¦ ¦"¦¦ ¦ ¦ i*^'^ ¦¦¦¦¦:. i '¦ ¦ iqSx'e v ¦ ?& ~ ; ¦ : ¦-.¦ : ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦' : ' ' '^ : *^^2<S'^LicJraSil!t TraC^y^^tWsSiSsSjiii^BE . . BMaKyy.-.'-: Cr ?.^^&Q%xfc • -^^"' • '• ¦ >x- s: .
WSbr * Ti\. T**$i!l C^SWtw^** J ' '• ¦¦•¦'•¦¦¦¦ "1 — ¦..--¦¦:•-.:- ¦....**„;¦;¦ jfejX^^^*^^^ *& 'lirr* ilrrTWT -ufc^^af "^^aiV f?fitWtf^P^^^"
¦ » '^^K. 'AsmV WKVi^HH'VMS^S^B^ x." 1 -'*.-'¦• ¦:¦-¦;*¦* ' "'¦ ¦ " : - *lk, p. ¦ ¦ • " : > v \j ¦ £**'iir*?**£^SBjti. .y.Mlf - <^i Tw i? au ' w * f. v ¦¦ ¦-. ¦: :•:¦' « -
lm« BfR'liBftiiMfil f'i^rfM^r' Wtv ¦'^^'t- "¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ >''>.':'^ JBS^^BkM^MSBBJBl I?- ¦:-*• ¦ - " ¦ : :':v ''¦ vi Jk ' "'-'¦-¦*:•. '¦¦¦ \ '^MPtg' x4E/Sf '^^n^tJfr^P^ '^agffi*>3r< ' ' ' ¦ ' " * •'¦¦ u 'c*' J *Pj;^J
"MORNINCi"
The landscape by Corot which is reproduced in the next Sunday Gall art supplement is
typical of a large part of the productions of the genius of the prolific poet-painter.' It is one of
the best known of thi§ famous painter's canvases, the original bringing $25,000 at public sale in .
¦"s. .71881. It possesses the poetic inspiration, the refined and delicate color and the concise expression
of the essential elements of the beauty of landscape which distinguished him as the greatest land-
scape painter the sworld has yet known.
It is no wonder that the art of !orot was great. He possessed so kind and lovable a nature
that he endeared himself to every one who knew him. "Papa Corot" was the sobriquet \which men,
of his own profession bestowed upon him. While he was not a man^ of much educataion, he pos- V
sessed a great fund of that native intelligence which we call common sense, and considerable busi- ,
ness ability. . - •
His untiring industry resulted in the production of a quantity of work which is most extra- '
ordinary considering his uniform success in attaining his high aim. The -fleeting and uncertain ! : - ; v£
.•effects of light and air were seized by him and reproduced in a most limited range of values and ..
the narrowest possible gamut of color. With delicate grays, greens, pale violet," yellow and salmon
tints he produced harmonies into which he threw a vibrant force by a touch of vermillion ¦ and a
few positive notes of brown and black. • ' - ¦ r . • '
Jean Baptiste Camile Corot was born in Psris in 1796. He received bis early educaticn. in •
Rouen, and became apprenticed to a cloth merchant in Paris when quite young. When 36 years
of age he begin his art studies in the studio of Michallon, and the next year entered the studio
of Victor Bertin. In 1827 he first exhibited in the Salon. Recognition came slowly, but by the time
he reached the age of 70 he had amassed a considerable Tortune. He received a second-class medal
in 1833; and a first in 1848. In 1874 a special gold medal was struck and presented to him by his.
fellow artists as a token of their esteem. He was made a chevalier of the Legion of Honor- in
1846, and promoted to the grade of officer in 1867. He died February 22, 1875.
T7HE GALL Is Sold at All the Principal Hotels arid News Depots
A and by Stationers and All Train Ne'ws Agents. Register a .
Complaint if You Cannot Purchase a Call : .: :. : : : : ;
- - rr : r.:h APVEBTISKMEirrS.
The Importations for the Year 1903 of nv
Champagne ~
were I && \ Qj$%# CAoi&g_
GREATER by nearly 20,000 cases
than the importations of
any other brand. .
$ The Extra Dry of the superb new vintage now arriving j
V is conceded to be the choicest Champagne rf
. produced this decade. df
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Liebig Company's
great grazing farms in Uru-
guay cover 1,100 square
\ * miles, where 145,000 cattle
I fatten. It is by far the lar-
gest company in the world
making concentrated beef
foods only, and the principal
product of v this immense
factory is tho world known
blue signature brand,
Liebig 1 Company's
Extract of BeefCaptain Roosevelt Returning.
Jew Lin, charged with grand lar
ceny, but convicted of petty larceny
by a jury in Judge Dunne's court, was
sentenced to serve three months in the
County, Jail. .He was accused of steal
ing a gold bracelet valued at $20'from
Gim Hi's store at 811 Dupont street on
August 21. - , . '¦
Chinese Is Sentenced.
The Supreme Court decided yes
terday that Charles B. Howard was
legally elected Sheriff of Siskiyou
County in November, 1902. Marion
Freshpur was a rival candidate for
the Office and contested the election.
* It was also declared that Glllis Doty
had good ground for contesting the
election of Thomas Jenkins to the Sac
ramento County Board of Supervis
ors. It was not decided that Doty
should have been . declared .elected,
but he has legal authority to carry on
the contest. An. appeal, in. the, case
was taken from an order ' sustaining
defendant's demurrer.
Election Cases Decided.
2671' for l»02.
Comparative figures compiled in
the office of the Registrar of Voters
with this year and the samedate of
1902 show a remarkable increase ' in
the registry list This is perhaps part
ly due to the fact that this Is a
idential year and also to the efforts
of Registrar Adams, who has sent no
tices so far as possible to. every voter
in the city calling attention to the
necessity: of early registration. Up to
date the list shows a total registration
of 13,054 for this year, as against
Registration Is Heavy.
, ATTORXirrS GET LARGE FEE.— For
their work In e«curin«c a partition of J40O.0OO
worth of tide lands near Fort Point. Attorneys
"W. B. Sharp and W. S. Wood were yesterday
allowed a. fee of $10,000 by Judge Ssawell.
The prisoner denies his identity, but
says that he is willing to be taken
back to Ohio. Marshal Shine applied
to United -States Court Commissioner
Heacock for a warrant of removal, but
Judge Heacock. declined to issue the
warrant on the ground that jail break
ing is not an offense against the United
States statutes. United States Com
missioner Manley also refused a war
rant and the Marshal has telegraphed
to Washington for advice.
By request of the United States At
torney General, United States Mar
shal Shine arrested at the San Quentin
penitentiary yestetrday morning Jo
seph Davis, alias J. M. Dunn,
alias Howard McClure, alias Charles
Howard, who had just completed a
five years' sentence for burglary com
mitted in Placer Counts'.
In 1888 the prisoner was convicted
in the United States District Court for
the Southern District of Ohio of the
crime of burglarizing a postofflce. For
this offense he was sentenced to five
yearaV imprisonment in the Ohio peni
tentiary, but before the expiration of
his term of sentence - he made his
escape and came to California'.
Cannot Obtain a Warrant of Removal
and Must Await Advices From
the Attorney General.
MARSHAL SHIXE HAS
CROOK OX HIS HANDS
HEBBARD RELEASES KATZAUER.— Max
K&tzau'r, who for some time pact h&s b«en
urder arwt en a charge of receiving stolen
go<vK *ecur<»d hl» r*Ws« on a writ of habeas
eorput Jn Judse Hebbard'n court yesterday.
tx>c«.uiw th.e District Attorney** office had not
F.I^d a second information after the prisoner's
<J*murrer to the first had been sustained.
"There has been too much of this
kind of work going on in Sacramento
and it must be utopped in some way,"
said the Judge. "If It cannot be
stopped lawfully, then It Is likely that
It may be stopped unlawfully — a con
dition which it la to be hoped will not
become necessary In this city."
SACRAMENTO. March 14. — Judge
Hart of the Superior Court to-day sen
tenced James Kelley to ten years' Im
prisonment at San Quentin prison for
attempting to commit robbery.
Judge Hart of Sacramento Imposes
a. Heavy Penalty on Con
victed Offender.
GIVEN TEN YEARS FOR
AN ATTEMPTED ROBBERY
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination on
April 19 for the positions of civil en
gineer, departmental and Philippine
services: age limit, departmental ser
vice, 20 years or over; Philippine ser
vice, 18 to 40 years. Persons who de
eire to compete should apply to the
United States Civil Service Commis
sion, Washington, D. C, or to the sec
retary of the Consolidated Board of
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jackson
Ftr«?«?t. San Francisco, for application
form 1312 for the departmental ser
vice and forms 2 and 375 for the
Philippine service, which should be
properly executed and filed with the
commission at Washington.
Civil Engineers Wanted.
Mrs. D. H. Bibb Is at present visiting
friends and relatives In the East. "Be
fore returning .home she will go to
Washington,, Boston and New York,
and also spend some time at the St.
Louis Exposition...
Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Pease and Miss
Maylita Pease left for New York last
night, going by way of Portland, Ore
gon. They, will visit the St. Louis Ex
position before returning. A large par
ty of friends was at the ferry to bid
them bon voyage, and loads of beauti
ful flowers were in evidence.
Stunning Miss McNutt has at last
announced her betrothal — and, of
course, to the strongly suspected Lieu
tenant Fitzhugh Lee, U. S. A. Fresh
in the minds of the smart set Is the
visit of the charming Miss Ruth to the
Texas home of her sister, Mrs. Ashton
Potter, when she met the debonair
soldier— and their betrothal followed.
What else, pray, coul& have been ex
pected in a detached army post when
a handsome, vivacious, clever girl met
daily— hourly— an equally handsome,
vivacious and clever soldier! Isn't it
said that propinquity is the most po
tent factor In matrimony? \ Mr. Lee, is
the possessor of a splendid record In
the service, and is further distinguished
for having chosen General Fitzhugh
Lee for his father. The wedding date
has not been determined upon, as the
prospective groom is now in the Phil
ippines. Miss McNutt is about to visit
the family of her .fiance in the South.
To-day shapes the official destinies
of the California Club for the ensuing
year. By 2:30 o'clock to-day, madame,
your little slip of paper bearing the no
menclature of the prospective club of
ficers must be In the hands of the com
mittee — else your precious vote will, be
lost on desert air. The error In the
club directorate was rectified almost on
the eve of its occurrence, when Mrs.
Xavier Rolker — whose name was inad
vertently omitted from the list — most
graciously withdrew, thereby saving
the necessity of issuing new ballots.
This tactful courtesy was greatly ap
preciated by the officers of election—
and I strongly suspect will prove a po
tent factor In the unanimous election
of Mrs. Rolker next year to a position
of honor. It is commonly conceded
that among the candidates, for direc
tors the first four will run strong,
the remaining four coming from names
further down the list. But above and
beyond all in point of Interest is the
contest for the presidency, with Mrs.
J. W. Orr and Mrs. Aylett Cotton run
ning close— and may the cleverest wo
man win!
CLUB WOMEN
CAST THEIR
VOTES TO-DAY
A pleasant surprise to the retiring
chief of the office was the presenta
tion by Mr. Holcomb, in his response
to the toast, "Fraternity," of a hand
somely engraved gold card, about two
by four Inches In size and bearing ths
following inscription,
i "To C. Ewald Grunsky, retiring
City Engineer: Compliments of the
employes of the City Engineer's of
fice of the Board of Public Works,
San Francisco, Cal., March 14. 1904."
Mr. Grunsky acknowledged the gift,
as well as the many expressions of
good will and friendship from his one
time associates, in a speech full of
feeling.
C. Ewald Grunsky, one of President
Roosevelt's appointees to the Panama
Canal Commission, was the guest of
honor last evening at a compliment
ary banquet tendered him at a down
town restaurant by his former sub
ordinates In the City Engineer's office.
There was a full attendance of the
men and women composing his staff
and besides these Commissioners
Schmitz, "Woodward and Casey of the
Board of Public Works and ex-Super
intendent Barnett of the public build
ings division were present. After the
service of dinner, accompanied by or
chestral music, the following pro
gramme of toasts was carried out with
much good humor and applause, E.
J. Mooser, the chief assistant city en
gineer, being the toastmaster: "Civil
Engineers," J. R. Price; "Our Hon
ored Guest," J. W. Parker; "Public
Utilities," A. H. Sanborn; "San Fran
cisco," F. C. Herrmann; "Fraternity,"
Charles H. Holcomb; "Just a Few
Words," H. D. Gates; "Field Assist
ants," William Mathewson; "Good
Roads." George J. Grinnell; "Field
Deputies," W. C. Pldge; "A Word of
Good Cheer," E. A. Parker.
Employes of the City Engineer's Of
fice Entertain' Their Retiring
Chief.
GRUNSKY IS BANQUETED
BY FOR3IER ASSOCIATES
! R. L. Myrlck, a ticket collector at
the Oakland mole, was as positive as
Reardon that White is not a square
man. "I would not trust him under
oath," said Myrick.
' Myrick was a little bit puzzled by
the attorney's questions concerning
White reputation' for honesty. He
said he never had any dealings with
him in "dollars and cents," but he felt
certain any one with the alleged gen
eral reputation of White was not much
when it came to honesty. He proved
a most voluble' witness on the ques
tion of veracity, however, denouncing
White in strong language. f
"He lied about me'," he said,- "at a
time when I was about to secure a po
sition -he coveted. , He , said I was
drunk, when I had nothing to drink
but a bottle of. patent medicine that I
had taken for a co!4.''
The case will go on again to-day.
The discussion of White's reputation
was brought about by a suit filed
against White by Fred M. Boehm, ad
ministrator of the estate of Daniel
Boehm, who for years ran the restau
rants on the river steamers owned by
the Southern Pacific. The suit Is for a
sum approximating $3500, which Boehm
claims his uncle, the restaurant man.
Intrusted to White a short time prior to
his death, and which he says White has
not accounted for. White does not deny
receiving the money from Boehm at the
time specified, but he claims that it
was given to him outright as a .gift,
and the testimony showed that during
the last days of Boehrn's life the rail
road official had performed many acts
of kindnesses for him.
John Joseph Reardon, an employe
of the railroad company, was the first
witness examined concerning WWte's
reputation for truth, honesty and
integrity. He gave it as his opinion
that White was a "bad egg" and said
that there were any number of men
in the employ of the railroad and else
where that would say as much. He
testified that a Captain Freeman told
him he would not believe White un
der oath; that Howard Holmes,- for
merly chief engineer of the Harbor
Commissioners, had told him that
White was not to be trusted, and Paris
Kilburn, former president of ' ' the
Board of; Harbor Commissioners, had
eaid that White was not trustworthy.
He also said that one Johnson, once
chief engineer on the steamer Herald,
had denounced White In unmeasured
terms.
Under cross-examination he ad
mitted that he once had a little trouble
with White, but he said, "I am not
in the least hostile toward him."
Reardon said further that one Count
Van Lobensehl, who had trouble with
White over a wharf, did not like the
assistant superintendent. He said the
Count's opinion of White was. not {It
for publication or for expression in a
courtroom.. "He gave it to me," said
the' witness, "one foggy morning on
the mole. 1 '
MYRICK PDZZLED. .
BOE11M BRINGS SUIT.
The reDutation of Kellogg A. White,
assistant suDerintendent of steamers of
the Southern Pacific Company, was un
der discussion in Judge Sloss' court
yesterday. Several witnesses pro
nounced it decidedly bad, not only for
truth, but for t honesty and integrity,
and thev were not a bit backward in
announcing that almost every one that
came in contact with White had no
scruples In informing the public at
large that the Southern Pacific official
was everything that he should not be.
Strange to relate, these witnesses are
all In the employ of the Southern Pa
cific, holding positions more or less sub
ject to the influence of the man whose
reputation they assailed. Their testi
mony, however, was qualified by the
fact, brought out during their cross
examination, that at some time in their
careers as railroad employes they had
had trouble with White.
Lieutenant Dolie M. Metcalfe, Phil
ippine scouts, registered at headquar
ters on leave.
Colonel Owen J. Sweet is still con
fined to his quarters with a severe at
tack of grip. In the meantime Lieu
tenant Colonel William L. Pitcher Is
in command of the Twenty-eighth In
fantry.
The funeral of the late Captain
James E. Brett, retired, who died at
the State Military Institute in Okla
homa, took place yesterday afternoon
at the Presidio. He was burled In the
National Cemetery at the post with
military honors. The Sixtieth Com
pany of Coast Artillery acted as escort.
The caisson upon which the remains
¦were borne to their last resting place
•was drawn by six magnificent black
horses. \ \
The transport Dix is now scheduled
to sail for the Philippines on March
25. She ¦will take the 210 mules now
•waiting at the Presidio and a hold full
of oats. No passengers will go on her.
Orders have just been received by
Colonel Xoble of the Tenth Infantry
for the establishment of a court-mar
tial, to be held In the library building,
Trhlch body is to sit so soon as the
names of the different officers can be
banded in to headquarters. The dura
tion of the court-martial will be thirty
days. Lieutenant Colonel Edwin B.
Bolton ¦will be president of the board.
Major R. C. Van Vleit and" Captain
Frank L. Winn, who have been trying
to locate a target range on the line of
the Southern Pacific, have returned.
Their report has been handed to Gen
eral MacArthur, who will later decide
upon which of the different sites is
most available. It was reported that
several sites are named in the report,
all having more or less advantages, so
in all probability the suggested Baker
cite •will be abandoned.
Several of the first and second lieu
tenants in command of the scouts were
formerly enlisted men and were ap
pointed to their commands from the
constabulary, having shown unusual
proficiency in the service.
The transport Thomas, which arrived
late last night from Manila brought
the Eleventh Infarity and 413 Phil
ippine scouts. The infantry will
to Into the model camp prepar
atory to the trip to Eastern sta
tions to which they have been order
ed. Captain Carrlngton. In command
of the scouts, •will report to Colonel C
H. Noble on arrival and will be as
signed by him to the camp on the
hillside, known as the old Tennessee
camp. Whether the scouts trill be put
through a drill or any kind of forma
tion for the benefit of the general pub
lic while they are waiting here to go
to the St. Louis Exposition, Colonel
Noble is unable to state at present.
"We had most any kind of a wind
that could blow," said Lieutenant
Howell. "It started In with a south
easter, and we had It all around to the
southwest. The high wind was accom
panied by an extremely heavy sea.
After midnight Tuesday we had the
lowest barometer known in some time.
It was 2S.40. Captain Tuttle has been
on this coast for over twenty years,
and he never experienced as low a
barometer. When the barometer fell so
low we looked for most anything. We
were four days and a half getting down
here. We spoke several ships en route,
but saw none in distress."
SAUSALITO, March 14.— The United
States revenue cutter Manning Is lying
off Sausalito after an extremely rough
voyage down from Puget Sound. The
Manning left Seattle 'on Saturday,
March 6, and was five days In making
the trip to San Francisco. Captain
Tuttle says It was by far the roughest
trip he has ever experienced up or down
this coast. The Manning was In the
storm that raged last Tuesday night.
Sh'e struck It when Just off Tatoosh,
and thera was no cessation for many
hours. The boat braved the gale from
10 o'clock Tuesday night until 4 o'clock
Thursday morning. The cutter with
stood the storm admirably well, but
was damaged slightly.
.Captain Tuttle was not aboard the
Manning to-day, but other officers of
the ship recounted their experiences.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call,
April 10 — Leave Santa Cruz 5:30 a. m. : ar
rive Holllster (breakfast) 7:30 a. m.; leave
Holllster 8:30 a. m.; arrive San Jose 10:30
a. m. Leave San Jose by trolley to Los Oatoa,
Saratoga and back to San Jose for lunch at
12:15. Fruit trees In bloom will be the fea
ture of trolley trip. Leave San Jose 1 p. m.;
arrive Santa Clara 1:05 p. m.; leave Santa
Clara, 1:30 p. m. ; arrive Palo Alto 2:05 p. m. :
leave Palo Alto 3:05 p. m. ; arrive Redwood
City 3:20 p. m.; leave Redwood City 3:50 p. m.;
arrive San Mateo 4:10 p. m.; leave San Mateo
6:10 p. m.; arrive San Francisco, Third and
Townsend streets, 6 p. m. . • ,
April 9 — Leave Los Angelee 2 a. m. ; arrive
Santa Barbara 6 a. rn.; breakfast' Hotel Potter,
surf bathing before breakfast; leave Santa Bar
bara 8:30 a. m.; arrive San Luis Obtspo 12:30
p. m.; leave San Luis Oblspo 12:45 p. m. : ar
rive Paso Robles 2 p, m.. lunch Hotel del Paso
Robles: leave Paso Robles 3 p. m. ; arrive Sa
linas 5:39 P- •**•! I'ave Salinas S p. m.; ar
rive Watsonville 6:30 p. m.; leave Watsonvllle
7 p. m.; arrive Santa Cruz 7:50 p. m. ; dinner
at Sea Beach Hotel, j
April 8 — Arrive Santa Ana 7 a. m., break
fast; leave Santa Ana 8:80 a. m. ; arrive River
tide, luncheon the New Glenwood. 10:30 a. m.;
leave Riverside 12:30 p. m. ; arrive Redlands 1
p. m. : leave Redlands 2 p. m.; arrive Pasa
dena 4 p. m.; leave Pasadena 6 p. m. ; arrive
Los Angeles 5:30 p. m. Observation car about
the city and other events to be announced.
• As previously announced, -the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee will give
Its third annual excursion April 6 to
April 10, and a 'cordial Invitation to
members and associate members has
been extended. The itinerary comprises
more than 1400 miles of travel along
the Coast Line south of San Fran
cisco and every arrangement possible
has been made for the comfort of the
excursionists. A splendid train of Pull
man cars has been arranged for. Tick
ets will cost $32 50, which will Include
accommodations for four nights and
four days. The detailed itinerary is
as follows:
April 6 — Leave San Francisco Ferry DepotNr
p. m. ; dinner on train. i
April -7— Arrive San Pedro 7:45 a. m.,
steamer trip and breakfast; leave San Pedro
0:15 a. m. ; arrive Los Angeles to transfer 10
a. m.; leave Los Angele« 10:30 a. m.; arrive
San Diego 2:30 p. m.. lunch; leave San Diego
5:30 p. m.; arrive Coronado Hotel 5:45 p. m.,
dinner Coronado Hotel: leave Coronado 11 p.
m.; arrive San Diego 11:15 p. m., board sleeper
any time; leave San Diego 3 a. m.
Since the attachment was placed on
all the mining property by the mer
chants of Plumas County residing In
Quincy, a suit has been .filed by E. A.
Belcher and Attorney Kirk of the San
Francisco Board of Trade, represent
ing the San Francisco creditors. Bel
cher said yesterday that unless some
thing Is done the San Francisco cred
itors will not get anything for their
mining machinery and other supplies
that were furnished. .'!.;"%•
.If the Plumas County- creditors do
not do the fair thing a suit will be filed
to throw the mining company into in
voluntary bankruptcy.
Mr. Belcher said he did not have a
list of creditors. In other quarters it
was learned that among the San Fran
cisco parties concerned as creditors for
mining machinery and other appliances
supplied to the mine are the Dunham,
Carrigan & Hayden Company, the
Joshua Hendy Machine Works, the
California Powder Works, the Boston
"Woven Hose and Rubber Company, the
Schaw-Batch'er Company, the Pacific
Tank Company and the Meese &
Gottfried Company. Attorney Kellogg
of Quincy Is looking after San Fran
cisco interests at the Plumas end of the
line, while Messrs. Belcher and Kirk
are attending to matters here.
Certain of the parties concerned say
that the contractors, McGill & Stand
art, were put in charge of the mine to
represent Douglas. Lacey & Co. A rep
resentative of Douglas, Lacey & Co.,
Walter W. Vick, Is in this city.- He
contradicts some of the statements that
have been made by Lawton. The San
Francisco creditors seem to have com
plete confidence In Lawton. . A great
deal of litigation is likely to grow out
of the transaction.
CREDITORS PILE SUIT.
To have the story understood, some
history of the mining company involved
is given. The Plumas mine was origin
ally owned by the Plumas Gold Mining
Company. That was capitalized with
1,000,000 shares of stock. The mine has
a large ledge that carries low grade ore
ranging in value from $2 to $3 per ton,
according to assayers* returns. To make
It pay largely, it was deemed, wise by
the original company to put in a large
milling equipment that it might, after
the maner of the famous Treadwell
mining property in Alaska, make a
great deal of money by handling large
quantities of ore.
W. D. Lawton was managing the
property. He went to New York to In
terest outside capital, it being neces
sary to raise more money than could
be obtained by the sale of the stock in
California. Douglas. Lacey & Co. of
New York financed the matter. A new
corporation was formed that Is named
the Plumas Gold Mining Company,
Limited. The stock was divided into
5,000,000 shares. More or less of thia
stock has been sold In the East. In the
deals that concerned the mining prop
erty, McGill & Standart, contractors,
were involved. To them the sum" of
$6000 was due as an installment on a
debt. When the default occurred In the
payment of this $6000, the mine was lost
to the company. Douglas, Lacey & Co.,
who financed the deal, did not come to
the rescue. Before this took place Mr.
Lawton had lost his position with the
company. - Since then he has. made cer
tain statements about the entire trans
action that make the San Francisco
creditors, and possibly the investors in
the stock of the company, curious to
know Mow, with a good mine in sight,
with many thousands of dollars In
vested in new equipments. In default
of an actual run of ore through the
mill to show what the ore was. worth
v.hen It was handled, the property was
permitted to go for $6000. ' *
Within the last year the mine owned
by the company, in Plumas County,
has been equipped with forty stamps
and a large amount of mining ma
chinery. The equipment and supplied,
the latter being furnished by Plumas
County merchants, while the former
came from San Francisco, represent an
outlay of $50,000, the greater part of
which is due in this city. The indebt
edness was not paid, even in part. To
secure themselves, the Plumas mer
chants have filed a first attachment on
all the company's property. This leaves
the San Francisco merchants to lose all
that they have trusted the company
for, unless an agreement can be reach
ed ¦with 'the business men of Plumas
to prorate, or unless legal proceedings
shall right matters. A suit is threat
ened with probable disclosures con
cerning very interesting phases of the
deal that has led the company to giva
up a property that Is Intrinsically valu
able and that has on It at least $40,000
worth of entirely new equipment, to
be sacrificed by reason of the default
In a payment of only $6000 that wa3
due as an installment.
HISTORY OF COMPANY.
San Francisco business men and their
attorneys suspect that there has been
sharp practice in. a mining deal by
which, on the face of affairs, they stam!
to lose $40,000. Not long ago the Plumad
Gold Mining Company, Limited, allow
ed Its valuable property to go out of its
possession Into the ownership of par
ties to whom the sum of only $6000 was
due.
The First Congregational Church of
Petaluma, of which the' Rev. Samuel
C. Patterson is pastor, closed a con
tract yesterday with a California organ
company for a patent pneumatic or
gan to cost $3500. The instrument is to
have fifteen speaking stops, fourteen
mechanical actions and 811 pipes. It
will be installed for the third Sunday
in August.
The executive committee of the San
Francisco Missionary Convention, to
take place in the city next month, and
for which big preparations are being
made, met yesterday afternoon at the
Methodist Book Concern building, Dr.
G. B. Smyth in the chair.
Arrangements were made to hold
meetings beginning Thursday evening,
April. 28, to be continued Friday all
day, Saturday morning and evening
and Sunday in the afternoon. In addi
tion to the meetings in the city, which
will be held in the Alhambra Theater,
there will in all probability be meet
ings Friday and Saturday evenings
and Sunday afternoon in Oakland.
Among the dignitaries of the Meth
odist church who will deliver addresses
during. the convention will be Bishop
Thoburn "of India, Bishop Hartzell of
Africa; Dr. J. R. Day, president of
Syracuse University, N. Y. ; Bishop
"Warren, Bishop Joyce, Bishop Goodsell,
Bishop Moore, Bishop Fowler, Bishop
Warne of India, Bishop Vincent, Dr.
"John F, Goocher of Baltimore, Dr. A.
B. Leona/d of New York, Dr. W. F.
Oldham of Chicago, Dr. E. M. Randall
of Tacoma, Dr. E. R. Dille, Rev. "W. M.
Brewster, Rev. John W. Butler, Dr. M.
C. Harris, Dr. B. S. Hey wood and
Henry J. McCoy of the San Francisco
Young- Men's Christian Association.
. Bishop J. W. Hamilton. LL.D., will
preside at the .opening of the conven
tion. , ¦ ::}> z * ''¦^''¦<
The preparation of the day-school teacher is
In th» normal school; the preparation of the
Sunday school teacher should be In her closet.
The day-school teacher feels her work finished
If she turns out a merely respectable and pass
ably int?lllgent product; the Sunday school
teacher can only feel her work done when she
sees her pupil close to th« feet of, our Saviour.
PREPARE FOR CONVENTION.
I fear that harm Is sometimes done In Im
pressing on our church members the necessity
of special training as Sunday school teachers,
and leaving them to suppose that we mean the
training given our day-school teacher. -
Of course, wo should not overlook the general
laws of pedagogy, but do not frighten away our
teachers by Uflng the term.
Some of our teachers seemed afraid to even
mention a Ood. The thought of a loving: and
personal God Is far from the minds of even
our Christ- professing: teachers; far from their
minds, because of the fear of a claim that
they are teaching sectarian doctrines.
We hear our schools cpoken of as godless
and too frequently, I fear, they are and. there
fore, the more the ne«d of our Sunday schools.
The public school educator falls short In his
effort, because. In attempting to develop char
acter, he must, under our laws, and fre
quently following his own inclination, omit
that most essential phase of cbaractar-devel
opment. the spiritual.
Mr. Kingsbury said in part:
"The Public School and the Sunday-
School" was the theme of a paper read
by W. Kingsbury before the Methodist
Minislers' Association yesterday at
Epworth Hall.
While it did not seem to him that
an employer should say that a man
should not belong to a labor union, he
admitted that independent labor suf
fered through the unions. Mr. Collins
believed that all men should have^equal
rights and opportunity.
He illustrated the case where a man
was not permitted to employ hl9 own
son as an apprentice a.nd stigmatized
some union labor methods as usurpa
tion and slavery, but he asked If it
would be a bettlement of the troubles
if employers on the other hand adopt
the method of the "lockout."
The Rev. H. B. Mowbray addressed
the meeting bii "Our Work in the Sun
day-School." and took occasion to crit
icize the old methods while giving pre
ference for a modern pedagogic system.
PUBLIC AND SUNDAY SCHOOLS.
As the employers had taken that step
there was, he said, a resort to extreme
measures on both sides.
Mr. Collins referred to the Citizens'
Alliance and the work of Mr. Parry
of Indianapolis, whose association, he
understood, had been Instrumental in
righting labor troubles at the mines In
Idaho.
The lockout, he said, which had been
inaugurated in Oakland in a small way
might be a criterion by which future
troubles in labor might be determined.
ADVOCATES EQUAL. RIGHTS.
Out of an address on "International
Arbitration" delivered before the Pres
byterian Ministers' Association <»y D.
Edward Collins at the Presbyterian
House yesterday arose a discussion
dealing .with the labor situation In
America and the Citizens' Alliance.
Mr. Collins' subject was originally
devoted to war, the* settlement of in
ternational disputes, the great service
to humanity and nations rendered by
the Hague arbitration tribunal and the
anticipation of the great powers re
ducing or abolishing their vast armies
and navies. . ¦* .
At the close of the address the Rev.
Mr. Bevler and the Rev. Dr. Strong
expressed the hope that Mr. Collins
might have dealt with arbitration also
as It would affect the labor problems
of the moment.
"Lockouts" and "strikes" were then
discussed, Mr. Collins reminding his
audience that he considered the action
of the Oakland butchers lH "locking
out" their employes quite as serious
as the stand of strikers and labor
unions that called out men and pre
vented them from accepting employ
ment.
.Dr. G. Sterling Ryerson, a- promi
nent - % physician of Toronto, Canada,
who is the nearest representative of
the ' Grand Lodge of California, A. F.
and ' A. M.; .to the Grand ' Lodge of
Canada, is desirous of obtaining a cer
ti^cate of death and burial of Thomas
Sparks, .who 'died in Belmont, . Cal.,
about* September 26, 1867, and was
buried 'itf, this city in the early part of
the ; f qllowirrg month by the> Masonic
fraternity. The' information is want-;
ed '.' f brV a /member of^ Civil Service
Lodge No. 148 of Ottawa, Canada^ _
Inquiry About Dead Brother.
New Outfit Costing $40,000
and Ore Deposit of Value
Are Yielded for Pittance
Cross - Examination, How
ever, Develops Fact That
They Quarreled With Him
Captain Tuttle Says Voyage
Was Roughest He Has-Ex
perienced on This Coast
Preparatory to Departure
Filipinos Will Be Station
ed at Old Tennessee Camp
ARE GOING TO ST. LOUIS
Executive Committee of San
Francisco Missionary Con
vention Holds Meeting
All Prominent Points South
of San Francisco Near the
Ocean Will Be Inspected
FOUR DAYS' PLEASURE
DENOUNCE HIM IN COURT
BANKRUPTCY PROBABLE
FIVE DAYS ON TRIP
LOCKOUT IS CONSIDERED
Transport Thomas Brings
More Than 400 Natives
Now Attached to the Army
Witnesses Wax Wroth When
Discussing Southern Pa
cific Official's Reputation
California Promotion Com
mittee Announces Its Itin
erary of Annual Excursion
San Francisco Creditors Are
Losers by Queer Deal That
Is Made in Plumas County
D. Edward Collins' Views on
International Arbitration
and Industrial Conditions
Revenue Steamer Manning
Weathers Fierce Gale on
Way From Puget Sound
HEAVY STORMS
INJURE CUTTER
LABOR TROUBLE
BEFORE CLERGY
PLAN FOR TRIP
ON COAST LINE
THREATEN SUIT
AGAINST MINE
WHITE'S NAME
LIKE RED FLAG
SCOOTS ARRIVE
FROM MANILA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY; MARCH 15, 1904.
; Dr. : Howard : ; Herrington has , removed
his office from 467 -Geary street to" No.
21 : Powell street, rooms 16 and 17, •
Captain H. L. Roosevelt of the
United States Marine Corps has been
ordered home from the Philippines,'
where he has been In active service
for the t last two years. Captain and
Mrs. Roosevelt (formerly Miss Eleanor
Morrow, a daughter of "Judge Morrow
of this city) will '¦sail" from Manila to
day on the Sheridan. .They will 1 spend
the next two years in Washington,
». c; ¦ - .¦¦.¦¦'; •¦..'.'¦¦..¦ ¦¦-'•¦/'¦ : --: -¦ -:
5
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
?•Tve Los! Ten Pounds"
A man, sars. "Look at this." And he
over-laps his coat to show how loose it
is. There are some people who can Io9e
fat to advantage, but the loss of flesh is
cne of the accepted evidences of failing
health. As flesh-making processes begin
in the stomach, so
naturally when
\^% &esh we look first
toe siom&co for
f^^l«j^— JF'lllllSIl *^i° n a °d conse-
i H 9 R ¦ stomach and bowels,
pain at times during
the entire fire yeors." write* Mr. I. Milton
Pc per. of McConnellsburg. Pa. « Her heart mi
affected, and she took a purgative every few
4*y* bat oaly received temporary relief. She
rverr poor in flesh and I bought one bottle
Dr. Pierce'* Golden Medical Discovery from
per drug-gist and after taking it the eaid she felt
Kke*a new woman. Has no mere trouble with
•tomach and bowels, and has no pain nor bloat.
in?. Has gained fifteen pounds in weight."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
•tipatioa and biliousness.
PATTOSIEN'S.
_- m
1 THIS WEEK 1
$40
SEWING
MACHINES
This week all the $40
sewing machines at
Pattosien's, cor. 16th
and Mission, will be
closed out for $18.
Guaranteed for ten
years.
Hello? Yes!
This Is the laundry you want. You
have called up the right one for good
work. Yes; we call for and deliver
goods. Yes; our prices are no higher
than those charged for considerably
poorer work. Yes; -we want your or-
ders.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 UASXET ETBEET.
T«lephon« Bottth 430.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BV
c£ &. <fy<nZ.33.S'.
0^^ j^^i^fci< j^^'^fc "X^ "^Efc "^^ j^> | 8
« visit DR. JORDAN'S oncAri
StaUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ C3f T** !-»»«« t Antaaical Tf mi — la tba \
V Wotid- Wutieim or uy coatractod m
X R*?3$ <»¦>«« »•••"••»» •¦»< o r tte f
O |J5^ t Spcc».Ut «¦ iSe Cow. ZitjUjnn. 9
iV*W& DR * JORDAN-D!SEASES CF MEM }
I €a»Wh Comnludoa frea tad ftrtttly prints. \
I S*t M TrMtairr.i prttonilly 6T by Istt-r. A m
fl I *n B '•**"•• <w<i » e«ry e*ioanden»it*i. T
Fl ' I A Wrftefer Book. MULOdlPMT.f A
• » I * B*RHI«CK. MAIL1O F>S*. (AT
V OR JORDAN * CO.. 1041 Market at. 8. T. V
q^y^^^% •%» "^i <fc.
mm JJ£| BSD IKk Q oar new VACUUM DE>
H WH nUL W^ VIGOKATOB Is » n*«N
¦ W B UEO U \-l oral restorer of loit
¦trencUi and vigor. It Is the O.M.Y m«»ni
which will expand and develop tbe organs, nsed
with oar Improved •• Perfect " soluble Medicated
(DlractMedlcattea)
Crayons, will quickly enr* unnatural loss**, strto
tore, premature dw»v, prootatlc affections, etc.
-^-^ For VARICOCELE our IM-
tfffflk PROVED DEVELOPER, com-
\\~"»y<*H blned with our new patented SI'S-
>-4K PENSORT and COMPRESSOR,
only by ns), win enre »Ten tha
™ wont caaes. Pon't nil to investlf ate thla.
|| Call or write fbr new (copyrighted) pro*
{ •; I] ftnely Illustrated 100-page hook.-Health."
» i tl fbr MEN ONLY. Sent securely sealed
i en FREE. Our physicians are experienced
¦» EjBand strictly reliable specialists. Fee*
moderate. Treatment flTen oa 10 days*
trial and approval.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO..
6 Q'Farrell Street. S. P.
4^^k Every Woman
S4iS'iSSS\ a MARVEL Whirling Spray
W^t'V^ 1^^** Ibe new »•««¦»• »T»tai«.?ii/*5»
*^*2fiSs!W *t^5^ turn and SurHon. Bert— »at.
j' < "t~ Mo * t Con-rontcnt.
Jfh<T»nnot»upi'lTtU* XmW T '^$O.
MARVEL, accept no !&. ' rtffajrg^
other, toil send stamp tot 11- >X / *«%mf .
Instrated book-«»«»««.n plTei W, # "vJf
fnll particulars and rttr*ctioT(« In- *Tl'/>^ lm
T&loablorto ladles. MABVKLCO..
Times Bulldicjr. New Tork.
Coal Reduction
American Cannel
Sold by All Reliable Dealers.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 MarXst.
meTcall
16 Pages,
$1 Pe»- Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AVOID
THEJAUSE
DISEASE
Nine-tenths of all oar diseases
have their beginning with •
CONSTIPATION
It is * duty we owe to our
body to secure a free move-
ment of the bowels once every
day. The one reliable remedy
for constipation is
HUNYADI JANOS
THE NATURAL LAXATIVE WATER.
Half a glass on arising gives
prompt and pleasant relief.at the works. Jackson entered the em
ploy of the Giant Company when a
boy and served sixteen years. He was
a native of New York, 32 years of age.
He leaves , a brother and three sisters
in West Berkeley. Pepin had beenAvith
the company six years. He was 38 year^
old. a native of Santa Cruz. His home
was at Clipper Gap, where his mother
lives and .where his father was killed in
a powder explosion in 1892.
Coroner Curry will hold an inquest
on a day yet to be. named. This date
depends upon whether any more of the
bodies is found . during a thorough
search that is to be made of the ruins
to-morrow flJBjHfl
ALAMEDA, March 14.— L. Harry-
Harrison of 2124 Buena Vista avenue
has filed a complaint with the City
Clerk against City Trustee C. J. Ham
mond as the owner of a flock of chick
ens, which, Harrison- claims, are al
lowed to run at large and damage hi3
lawn. Harrison asserts in the com
plaint that if Hammond does not keep
his poultry at home hereafter the law
.will be invoked to compel him to do
so.
Objeetg to Trustee's Hens.
OAKLAND, March 14.— Suit was
begun to-day by William M. Hatfleld
against the Continental Building and
Loan Association for an accounting
for rents upon a piece of property on
Linden stree't, nearTwenty-fourth. At
torney Luttrell for the plaintiff alleges
that the defendants got a decree of
foreclosure on the premises, but that
the plaintiff holds a redemption right.
He is willing to pay the amount of the
judgment, but demands an accounting
of the rents collected by them.
Asks for Accounting.
OAKLAND, 'March .14. — The Board
of Supervisors to-day approved the re
port of the viewers appointed to re
port on the proposed scenic boulevard
to be built along the Contra Costa hills
from Oakland to Haywards. There
were no new protesants and a resolu
tion was adopted allowing $791 50 ex
tra damages to a few claimants. Con
tra'cts will shortly be let for the con
struction or a part of this road.
Progress on Boulevard.
Executors of the Sather Estate Show
That Their Trust Is Well
Cared For.
OAKLAND, March 14. — John F.
More was appointed special adminis
trator of the estate of Eleanor H.
More by Judge Greene to-day. There
is a contest pending over the probat
ing of the will of the deceased, two
surviving sisters alleging that she was
unduly influenced by John F. More in
the making of her will. The estate is
valued at about $75,000 and consists
of large interests on Santa Rosa Isl
and.
The executors of the will of Pedar
Sather, who died in 18S6, filed an ac
counting to-day, in which they show
they now have on hand to the credit
of the estate $60,000, besides valuable
pieces of realty. Sather left $100,000
to the four children of his daughter,
Mrs. Josephine Bruguiere. The ex
ecutors state that two of the children
have attained their majority and have
been paid their legacies.
Mrs. Campbell Barred From Taking
Stand, as Decree of Divorce
Is Not Final.
OAKLAND, March 14. — In the case
of Mrs. Laura Campbell against her
husband, L. D. Campbell, whom she
had arrested for an alleged assault,
upon his mother-in-law, Mrs. H. Cut
ter, Police Judge George Samuels de
cided yesterday that Mrs. Campbell
could not testify against her husband,
owing to the fact that she had been
granted only an interlocutory decree
of divorce and not a final decree.
Attorney W. H. O'Brien, represent
ing Campbell, raised an objection to
Mrs. Campbell testifying upon the
ground that under the law she was
still married and therefore legally
barred from testifying against her
husband without his consent The de
cision of the Judge is in-line with the
recent decision of the Supreme Court.
Claims He was Badly Beaten.
OAKLAND, March 14. — Orlando
Katto, a foreman at the Judson Iron
Works, claims that Cornelius Leary
and "William Reed, former employes,
beat him into insensibility Saturday
night because they thought he had
caused them to be discharged. Reed
and Leary were arrested. Their cases
are before Police Judge Samuels.
The Rainfall.
OAKLAND, March 14.— The local
rainfall for the Ias^ twenty r four hours
was .51 of an Inch, making a total for
the season of 23.33 inches, as com
pared with 19.85 inches to the same
date last year.
Says She Was Swindled.
OAKLAND, March 14. — Marie C.
Johanson has begun a suit against
Matilda Pederson, formerly Matilda
Carlson; Henry Pederson, a real" es
tate agent, and H. A. Parkhurst, who
she alleges have swindled her out— of
$1400 on a bunko^ land deal. She
traded a piece of Oakland realty to
the Pedersons for a piece of property
in Salinas. The deeds were put into
the hands of Parkhurst in escrow
upon the condition that he should not
deliver the deeds until the $600 mort
gage on the Salinas property had been
satisfied. "She claims that this was
not done, but that the deeds were
transferred immediately and that be
fore she knew it $800 had been bor
rowed on the piece of Oakland realty
she had traded.' h
Gain Their Liberty.
OAKLAND, March 14.— Mrs. A.
Wlllard, alias Johnson," and Mollie
Gaunce, Delia Wright and Ella Mil
ler gained their freedom from the
County Jail on a writ of habeas cor
pus on the ground that a Police Judge
of this city has no right to sentence
prisoners to the County Jail. They are
a part of the batch of twenty-four
whose sentences come under the same
ruling. Six are now at liberty.
31 rs. Abbic W. Tcnney Dead.
OAKLAND. March 14.— Mrs. Abbie
W. Tcnney, ,wife of the Rev. W. A.
Tenriey, a retired Congregational min
ister, died to-day at her home, 2227
Andover street," at the age of 75 years.
The deceased was a native of Maine
and leaves four children, Alfred E.,
Camilia D. and Charles B. Tenney and
Mrs. W. A. Day.
Reliance I^adlcs' Night.
OAKLAND, March 14.— The mem
bers of - the Reliance Athletic. Club
¦sill entertain their lady friends at'the
club gymnasium next, Thursday even
ing. March 17, with a musical, literary
and athletic programme arranged by
A-: E. _ Magill, who. will direct : the i en
tertainment.
OAKLAND, March 14^— Attorney
George F. Witter, charged with cruelty
to animals, entered three plea.3 this
morning before Police Judge Smith,
namely, not guilty, once In jeopardy
and that he had once been acquitted.
Attorney Witter also demurred to the
complaint. Witter has been arrested
thr^e times on the charge and has
twice succeeded in setting aside com-'
plaints. It is alleged that Witter drove
a horse to death.
Makes Many Pleas.
JUDGE SAYS WIFE CAXNOT
TESTIFY AGAINST HUSBAND
The separating-house was, of course,
utterly destroyed and the washing
house, . a hundred yards away,
was telescoped so "that it will
have to be rebuilt entirely. All that
remained on the scene of the separat
ing-house was a hole in the ground
ten feet deep and seventy feet In diam
eter, a few piles and stanchions and
some water. All around was devasta
tion and debris. The eucalyptus trees
near by were stripped of all their
limbs and leaves, the leaves themselves
being split into pieces. There was not
a stick of whole timber about the place
and wherever there was a splinter, it
was buried a foot or two in the ground.
The bodies, of poor Jackson and
Pepin were nowhere to be found by the
men that searched the ruins afterward.
They had been pulverized, like the in
animate things that once made part of
the separating-house, , The utmost
that could be discovered of any, part of
the men's bodies was a piece of scalp
not much larger than a dollar.. This
was identified as a portion of the body
of Jackson by his brother, Arthur
Jackson, who recognized the color of
the hair that still, clung to lt-
Exactly what caused the explosion
will never be known, as the only men
that could give explanation/ bore
the secret with them to death. ..There
are a number of theories advanced, but
none that Beem to fit the -case.' About
the most plausible is_ that the acid with
which the men were/working caught
fire and got so ; far beyond, their -contAu
that It went off. The officials: at the
plant say, however, "that the. men | were
too inexperienced to let, such- a thing
occur, though they do not advance; any
other theory to take the place of this
discarded one.
It is certain, however, and it was'
OAKLAND, March 14.— Tons upon
tons of nitro-glycerln exploding at the
Giant Powder Works plant at Giant,
Contra Costa County, to-day crushed
out the lives of two men and so badly
wounded another that he had to submit
to the amputation of his left foot. The
dead are Farrer Jackson and John
Pepin, workmen in the separating
house at the plant; the wounded man
is Ben Schartau, foreman of the mix
ing-house. All of the men were trusted
employes and had been in the com
pany's service for years.
In addition to the loss of life and the
wounds the explosion caused great de
struction of property. This loss of prop
erty is not so much expressed in dollars
and cents as it is more apparently in
the number of buildings /shattered and
the area affected. The buildings may
not have cost more than $5000, but this
represents the cost of two buildings, a
large amount of glass and other things.
Considering the amount of explosive
involved, the damage is not so great as
it might have been. There have. been
explosions of the same amount of nitro
glycerin that affected places much
more distant. The damage from the ex
plosion at Giant is confined to the pre
cincts of the town. This is due largely
to the nature of the building in which
the explosion occurred, it being so
firmly built and walled about that the
concussion was kept within bounds.
WRECK IS COMPLETE.
MOKE IS APPOINTED
SPECIAL AD>IIXISTRATOR
•Frank McClellan and James' Flynn
had narrow escapes and only a "-¦', few
,. "I was -lust going back/to the 'mix
ing house, 1 "said Schartau, "after get-_
ting something to eat. As was my cus
tom, I had gone to , the 'separating
house' to Bee how much liquid there
was left there. / I stopped a minute
and v then; went on.^but I hadn't got far
befote the explosion occurred/, At'the
same\time that/ 1 * heard the explosion
I realized that I had been hit and a
moment later . 1 1. saw • that my leg was
mangled. This la the first accident M
have been ' Iny during ~ my seventeen
years' connection the works.'.' •"
.^Schartau'8 left leg was mangled just
above, the ankle. Otherwise he was
not hurt and when assistance arrived
he , was taken to the Giant Company's
officei There hei showed his bravery
and nerve by sitting up and smoking a
pipe, while waiting for the doctors to
come from Point Richmondi five miles
away. , /
Aloud, sharp report, followed by the
crash of timbers and then silence, told
the story of disaster to the .inhabitants.
Some said afterward that they felt as
if 'all the -atmosphere had suddenly
drawn away and then rebounded. Some
felt as if the roofs were about to be
pulled off their houses and all were
frightened by the \ crash of glass. As
soon as it wa3 all over a rush was
•made ; for the scene of the tragedy,
,wives and children all thinking of loved
ones who might have been caught and
killed instantly.
The first sight that met their eyes
was Schartau, who was lying on the
hillside near the "separating house,"
He was returning to his work from
luncheon just as the explosion oc
curred and was struck by a piece of
iron that was broken from a vat and
sent through the air with terrific force.
It struck a huge stanchion in its flight
after striking Schartau and then went
out of sight over, a hill.
The explosion occurred at 12:40
o'clock, as all th^ clocks in Giant were
stopped at that time by the concus
sion. Most of the employes of the
works were at dinner at that hour,
else the loss of life migjit have been
far greater. There are nine girls and
a large number of white; men and Chi
nese at the place and if many had been
upon the grounds at the time some un
doubtedly would have been killed by
the flying debris.
STORY OF DISASTER.
generally known around the plant that
the workmen in the "separating house"
had been having trouble with the acid.
It could not be made to "separate" as
it should have done. It seems that the
acid was a new kind that had recently
been purchased from the Peyton Chem
ical Works at Martinez. Until recent
ly the Giant Company manufactured
its own acid, but discontinued this
practice when the Peyton company
started operations. ¦ >
Jackson, the young man who was
killed, told a number of friends only
as, long ago as Sunday night that he
had been having' trouble getting the
acid and the oil that came into the
"separating house" to separate. He
told this to his fiancee. Miss Isabelle
Craig, and a number of other young
women who work at the plant. He
said that one night he had worked
until 1 o'clock in the morning "to sep
arate i the two dangerous liquids before
he finally succeeded. Jackson declared
the new acid to be the cause of all the
trouble and expressed the fear that
he stood in some danger of losing his
life.
"We all, knew that there was danger
on account of the acid and oil not sepa
rating," she said. "Farrer told a lot of
us girls last Sunday night that he had
worked until 1 o'clock one night trying
to make it go. He said he had some
fears, and I told him to be careful."
: .) Frank Roller, superintendent at the
works, doesn't believe that the new
acid had ¦ anything • to do with -it. To
him.who is familiar with every branch
of the powder-making industry, there
is no explanation. ;
: "Those '• men were too careful to let
any fife i : get the best of them," said the"
superintendent. "They "were too expe
rienced- for, that, and I : think It must
have been; something very unusual that
occurred to* cause the accident."
¦ The" men killed ' had seen long service
Even when the Giant/ Company used
the oil it manufactured the mixture In
the separatingihouse frequently caught
fire. And for the purpose of quenching
it the separating-house is provided with
a hose, so that water may be turned on
at any: minute. There was frequent use
for this hose lately, according to the
statements of the 'officials and work
men about the place, on account of the
uncertain quality of the new acid, and
extreme caution was exercised in the
hrfndling'of it. :
Miss Craig, to whom Jackson was to
have been married. on April 20 and who
is the daughter of one of the Giant
workmen, said to-day that she had had
misgivings that an accident would oc
cur. " ..-¦'.-..' . .
FIRES WERE FREQUENT.
seconds separated them from death.
McClellan was carrying a lunch to
Jackson and Pepin at the time of the
explosion and if he had been a little
earlier would have suffered the same
fate as the two men he was about to
regale. Flynn was returning. to work
from lunch and for some providential
reason escaped instant death, as he
was nearer the ill-fated men than
either Schartau or McClellan.
Nels Johnson, foreman in the nitro
glycerin department, ran away from
his station above the separating
house as soon as he heard the explo
sion, fearing that the burning wood
about the place might start the explo
sion in the other places and cause still
greater destruction. This did not oc
cur", fortunately, and Johnson crept
back out of the hole in the hillside in
"which he had secreted himself.
At the time of the accident Jackson
and Pepin were "separating" the last
of a lot of acid and oil that had come
down from the nitro- glycerin depart
ment. It seems that after the nltro
glycerln reaches the separating-house it
is separated and then run to the wash
ing-house, where it is "washed," and
then finally run to the nitro-glycerin
storage tanks 500 feet away from the
scene of the explosion. In course of
time it is taken from these storage
tanks and turned into dynamite.
Jackson and Pepin should have been
through with their work at 12 o'clock,
but it is evident that they were still at
work at 12:40 o'clock. They had been
having a repetition of their trouble
with the new acid and were staying to
see that it "was properly "separated."
In fact they could not have left the
separating-house as long as there was
any acid and oil there, as the stuff would
explode if left alone. It has a tendency
to catch ; fire upon* small provocation.
For instance, a piece of wood or even a
cobweb falling into the mixture will ig
nite it spontaneously and then com
municate the flames to the other parts,
ultimately causing ah explosion.
OAKLAND, March 14. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Samuel T.
Dodson, 35, Oakland, and Marcia M.
Campbell, 19, Berkeley; Alfred H.
Blow, 32, and Jessie M. Hawkins, 19,
both of Oakland; John Toole, 41, Point
Bonita, and Helen Hanson, 31, San
Francisco; Gustave Anderson, 34, and
Kitty Carreg, 22, both of San Fran
cisco; Walter Kuykendall, 21, and Isa
bella Tubman, 19, both of Oakland;
William E. Ellis, over 21, and Eliza
beth Ellis, over 18, both of Alameda;
John C. Schmidt, 41, and Barbette
Kamlieter, 35,' both of Oakland; Ed
ward W. Karamerer, 25, and Anna A.
Belton, 20, both of Arbuckle, Colusa
County.
Marriage Wcenses.
WRECKS OF THE SEPARATING AND WASHING HOUSES OF THE GIANT
PLANT AND THE TWO MEN WHOSE LIVES WERE CRUSHED
OUT BY THE TERRIFIC FORCE FROM TONS OF EXPLODING ACID.
Seward M. and Alice E. Podge to Realty
Syndicate (corporation), lots 2. 4 5. 9 to 11.
14 and 15. block 2. Map of East , Oakland
Height*. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Alice I. and William R. . Wheeler to Thomas
K. Dyer (single), lot on SB line of Vernon
street. 50 NE of Santa Rosa avenue, XE 120
b- SB 132. lots 23. 24 and portion lots 22 and
25 block P Stanford Tract Oakland; $10.
Sarah E. Bancroft (wifs of H. P.) to Harlow
P. Eancroft lot on N line of Weston avenu*
or Thirty -eisrhth street. 110 W of Ruby. W
27.5, W 12C.31. E 27.43. S 124.25. lot 5. block E,
Map of Broadway and Telegraph -avenue Park
Tract'. Oakland: (rift.
Valentine and Katherine Egenberger Jto Al
bert Kayser. lot on N line of B street, 235 B
of Haven. K ICO. E 35. S 01:9 SW 12 W
20:3 block S02. as per Map No. 2, Watts
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Albert and Augusta Kayser to Valentine and
Katherine Egenberger (wife), same, Oakland:
$10.
Frank E. and Mabel C. Wyg# to Rarald E.
and Birjrttte Knudsen (wife) lo^ on W line
of Tremont Btiret. 84.22 S of Woolsey S 42.
W 112. N 3O.62. E 112.57. lot 1. block ] map
of blocks 3 and 4. Berkeley Park, portion of
plat 51. Berkeley; $10.
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall to Fred Cor
kill. lot on E lino of College avenue, 250 S of
Dwight way. E 135 by S 40. portion of lot 8.
block 3. map of property of John Kearney.
Berkeley: $10.
Barbara Betty Williams (Barbara Mahoney)
and Henry James Williams (husband) to D.
Knabbe. lot 9. map Baker subdivision of lot t
of Yoakuiu Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Rose C Graves to A. J. Provost, lot on
X line of Fifth street, 125 E of Brush N
100 by E 30. lots 25 and 28, block 4S>, Kellers
berger's map, Oakland; also property out of
county, $10.
Bodil Monk (widow) to Gertrude (-wlfa of
Charles R.). lot on N line of Thirty-second
street. 30:3 E of Union. E 29 by N 10O. portion
cf lot 1. block C7S, Watts Tract, Oakland; $10.
Casslus II. and Mary A. Pearson to J. B.
Campbell (femme sole), lots 62 and S3, Drexl«r
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Rosalie Ey (wife of Heinrlch E.) to Jacob A.
Leithmann. W half of E half and E 40 feet of
W half of lot 122, map Montgomery Tract No.
1. Oakland: $10.
Thomas M. and Anita Earl to John C.
Johnston*, lot on K line of Jean street, at In
tersection by S boundary line of Sunny Slo>p«
Tract. N 102.74. E 172.13. S 12.065. W 19«.9t
to bf^innir.jr. lot 10 and portion lot 13, block
B. .Map of Sunny Slope, Oakland; $10. n
Otis W. Ensrs to same lot beginning NE line
of road CO feet wide, distant 1640:6 SG of lta
intersection with SB line of road to Moraga
Valley, XE 772 by SE 270, lot 10, tame map.
exception portion of same deeded for road pur
poses. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Matilda A. or Matilda Bentt (wtdow) to Jacob
Erick "Jacobsen. lot on NW line of Mountain
View avenue. 50 SW cf Chestnut street, SW
50 by N"W 140, lot 8. block 9, map Warner
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Frank L.. and JIary K. Holland to Callfornlr
Home Bulldins and Loan Company, lot "
block P, reap of blocks M, N. O and F, H»
mon Tract, Berkeley; |1j.
Fred I* Button to Thcmas W. Nunan.
besrlnnin? i;*> E from SE corner of W. Th.
and Chester strp^ta, E by N 10O. lot ".
block L, map oi Pay Vjew Homestead and k<*
Joining property north, deed made to corre. t
a defect Of title, 72 D 171, a reconveyance to
P. M. Eatcheldtr, etc, quitclaim deed, Oak
land; $10.
George acd Carrie R. Sterling- (wife) to The
Hc-alty Syndicate, lot on SW corner of Twen
ty-second and Kirkham streets, W 339:6 by
S ICO, lota ll», 1>O and portion of lots 9 auU
19, block 1. map of Northern' Extension, Oan
land; also lot on SE corner of Twenty-second
and Union streets, S l.'Jo by E 46:t5, block
622, Uoartlman' s map. Oakland; also lot on
B"W corner of Twenty-second and Union gtrests.
S ICO by W 2SO. block 623. same map. Oak
land; also lot on SE corner of Twynty-second
and Kirkham streets. E 230 by S ICO, block,
t"4. same map, Oakland; $1O.
John P. Scan!an (single) to Daniel R. Young,
lot on N line of Fcrty-flfth street. DO E of
Linden, E 50 by N ICO, lot 28. block 2107. Al
den Tract at Temescal. Oakland: $10.
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
OAKLAND, March 14.— The "Oak
land Boosters" will hold a big rally at
the Reliance Athletic Club gymnasium
to-morrow evening, and it is the in
tention of the members to devote the
meeting to the extermination of the
"knocker" and to give a big boost for
the proposed bond issue.
The "Boosters" desire that every
citizen of Oakland who is interested
in the advancement of the city attend
the meeting and help to make the oc
casion a success. Among the speak
ers will be Mayor Warren Olney,
Councilman John L. Howard and
other members of the City Council.
Delegations will be present from the
Board of Trade, the Oakland Real
Estate Association, the Merchants"
Exchange and other organizations in
terested in the improvement of this
city, and a rousing meeting is ex
pected.
New Organization Invites AH Citizens
Interested in Public Improve
ments to Be Frcsejit.
Vaudeville by Oarsmen.
ALAMEDA, March 14. — Arrange
ments are being made by the Alameda
Boating Club for its annual vaude
ville show to be put on at Armory
Hall on April 22. The committee in
charge of the affair consists of Albert
Kihm, Judge Fred S. Cone, Frank E.
Browning, E. B. Thorning, A. G. Bell
and Fawn Xott.
"BOOSTERS* 1 WILJ. RALLY
AT RELIANCE CLUB
OAKLAND, March -14.-^- A modern
four-story house is soon to be erected
on Broadway on the lot just south of
the new postoffice. The new building
will be constructed by the heirs of the
Levi Stevens estate, who are repre
sented by A. D. Wilson, president of
the Security Bank and Trust Com
pany. The building will be 62x150
feet and will be constructed of brick
and stone. It will cost when com
pleted about $100,000.
Heirs of Stevens Estate to Buikl Four-
Story Apartment House Xear
Postoflice.
WIIJj ERECT BUSINESS
BLOCK OX BROADWAY
LI.VER3IORE, March 14.— While su
perintending the repairing of a ware
house of Anspacher Bros., damaged *by
the windstorm last Thursday night,
William E. Tbom, a foreman in the
employ of Anspacher Bros., was caught
by a falling -.vali and instantly killed
this morning. The unfortunate man
v.as badly crushed and he was so deep
ly buried beneath the debris that it
was some time before the rescuers were
r.ble to extricate the body from the
ruins.
When the men went to -work to re
pair the damage one of the walls was
tottering and it was necessary to prop
it un to ke?D it from falling. Thorn
was directing the work on what seemed
the most dangerous part of the wall,
when, without warning, another part
of the wall near which he was stand
ing came down with a crash, burying
the fcTcman beneath a mass of planks
and timbers. . Rescuers at once set to
work to release Thorn, but when they
reached the body life was extinct.
Thorn was 40 years of age and leaves
a wife and four young children. He
was a prominent member of the Liver
more Fire Department and was also
a member of the Woodmen of the
Wcrld and the Foresters of America.
The funeral will be held next Wednes
day under the auspices of the local
lodge o! Foresters.
The refusal is said to have been based
upon a desire of Councilman, Baccus
to ihake up a favorable sentiment for
his resolution to add $85,000 to the bond
issue for the Fire Department.
This resolution was laid over to-night
in committee of the whole. Objection
to it is raised by members of the bond
committee on the ground that the cost
of maintaining the additional equip
ment could not be met by the $1 tax
levy rate.
Councilmen Aitken, Fitzgerald, Saceus
and McAtlam formed a combination to
night that prevented the holding of a
special meeting by the City Council to
discuss the projected bond issue. A
call for the meeting had been sent out
"over the signatures of Councilmen Cu
vellier, Elliott, Howard, Dornin and
P"endleton:
Councilmen Wallace and Meese ap
peared this evening and with Elliott,
Cuvellier, Howard and Dornin num
bered one less than the required quo
rum of seven members. Pendleton was
absent,' beirfg confined to his bed by
illness. The other four absentees lyeld
a fetreet corner caucus in front of the
City Hall and decided they would not
attend the meeting.
Oakland Office San Francisco- Call,
1118 Broadway. March 14.
The Agricultural College of the university
probably will be the next Institution at Berke
ley to receive attention from the Legislature.
The last Lfjrlslature gave a quarter of a
million dollarj for the building of California
Hall. The efforts of these now interested In
the university's welfare will be directed to
ward the procur'.r.sf of funds from the Stats for
a new buildlcc for the Agricultural College.
The local chapter of the Sigma Alpha Ep
sllon fraternity will be the guests of James
Neill. th© artor. at a box party to be given to
morrow evening at an Oakland Theater. NelU
is a member of the Sigma Alpha Epsllon and
has been frequently' entertained at the diapter
house In Berkeley.
Professors Henry Morse Stephens and Wil
liam Carey Jones have been selected as tho
speakers at the- yemi -annual meeting of the
Associated Graduate Student* of the univer
sity which will b« h»ld on April 7. The mem
bers' of the senior class will be the special
guests of the graduates on that occasion.
The foreign agents of the university library
In the European centers are now busy In for
warding consignments of new books to the
California collection. Librarian Rowell has
Just receive J a large block of books from the
agency in Paris. Within the last ten days
eight bonea of books have been received from
foreign agencies.
The Art Association of the university has
arranged for an illustrated lecture to be Riven
in Hearst Hall on Wednesday evening. Saniu*l
Adelstein will deliver a lecture on "The Tem
ple of the Holy City." Horatio Cogswell will
sing several solos during the evening.
_
EERKELET. March 14.— Tb» "Mask and
Dagger" Dramatic Society of the University
has completed arrangement* for. the presenta
tion of "The Jealous Wife." the «lghtrenth
century comedy. In the Assembly Ilall of Stan
ford University next Saturday night. The
play was stagi»<l *u-?ce»3fully in Oakland a
short time ago and the club received an in
vitation to become the gufsts of the "Sword
and Sandals." a Stanford dramatic organiza
tion. An excursion probably will be arranged
frr.m Berkeley for those that are destroys of
accompanying the college actors to Stanford.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The audience was large and fashion
able and there were many parties. The
boxes were occupied by Benjamin Ide
Wheeler and party, John A- Britton
and party. Dr. H. P. Travers and Dr.
O. D. Hamlin with their families and
friends, Harry W. Bishop and party,
Charles E. Xaylor. Byron Rutley and
A. D. Coplin -with their families and
friends. The loges were occupied by A.
L. Stone and party, Mayor Warren Ol
cey and party, W. H. Mackinnon and
party and John F. Couriers and party.
In the audience were Frank C. Havens
and a party of twenty, F. 11- Smith and
a party of ten, Al Wood and a party of
ten- Charles J. Heeseman and party,
Dave McLaughlin and party, F. I. Ken
dall and party. Asa V. Mendenhall,
Miss Florence Hatch, Willis Sharpe,
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Griffiths, Mr. and
Mrs. W. Garrison, Mr. and Mrs. J- P.
Maxwell, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maxwell
and others.
The orchestra of the new playhouse is
under the direction of Gustav Kinrichs
and is one of the features of the place.
When the curtain went up to-night
James Neill stepped forward and intro
duced Mayor Warren Oiney, who had a
few words to say about the owning of
a new theater in Oakland- He was fol
lowed by President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, who told of the educational
value of the theater, and next came
Judge Gibson, who had a few words to
pay upon the social fide of the theater.
Then the James Neill company pre
sented "A Bachelor's Romance," the
opening play, which will run for the
rest of the week.
"Ye Liberty Playhouse" /was dedi
cated to-night with mon» of ceremony
th*n usually falls to the average thea
ter opening. There were little addresses
by Mayor Olney. Pr?sident Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the State University
and Judge Gibson, and there was an
audience that crowded the new theater
from lift to domo.
The interior of the new theater build
ing is coiur-teted. but the entrance is in
imperfect shai>e, and the management
hopes to have this finished before the
end ox the week. However, everything
is safe, and the City Council and the
Chief of the Fire Department have
been consulted ss to what is demanded
for the comulete protection cf the audi
ence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, March 14.
First Performance Is a Great
Success From Both Social
and Artistic Standpoint
Meets His Fate While Di
recting Work of Repair-,
ing a Damaged Warehouse
I5accus ? Scheme to Get an
Appropriation for Fire De
partment Makes Pother
AUDITORIUM IS PACKED*
NO WAKXINlr IS GIVEN
SPECIAL CALL FAILS
Vats Filled With Mighty Force Detonate Without Instant's
Warning and Farrer Jackson and John Pepin Are
Blown to Atoms— Ben Schartau Loses His Left Foot
"Ye Liberty" Playhouse Is
Dedicated AVitli Speeches
by Prominent Citizens
William E. Thorn of Liver
more Is Crushed to Death
Under Splintered Timbers
Councilmen Hold a Street
Corner Caucus and Keep
Away From Bond Meeting
OPEN THEATER
WITH CEREMONY
FALLING WALL
KILLS FOREMAN
WORKMEN ANNIHILATED BY TITANIC
EXPLOSION OF NITRO-GLYCERIN
FOUR MEMBERS
BLOCK QUORUM
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, MARCH 15/1904:
6
% ADVERTISEMENTS.
Plates at Cost
Made by the professors 'of this college
and guaranteed a perfect fit. We so-
licit the most difficult cases and make
a specialty of natural looking and ser-
viceable teeth.
Painless Methods— Extraction Free.
Week Days, 9 to 9; Sundays, 9 to I.
Post-Graduate Osnta! College,
San rranclsco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 WaaMnrtoa Street.
E an Jo a e— 45 East Santa Clara Street.
Sacramento— 407 J Street. p
SCOTT'S E2HTLSI0N.
the babies and children on
Scott's
Emulsion
You will see an improve-
ment in their little thin
bodies at once. They can
take it when they even
refuse their mothers 1 milk.
It is essentially a babies'
food, surprising in Us re-
suits. Always the -same.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF TIIE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3. !
. BERKELEY. j
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Easle 503.standing the vetoes of the Mayor, fol
lows:
Ayes— Booth. Boxton, Braunhart,
Comte, Connor. D'Ancona, Eggers.-
Brandenstein, Hocks, McClellan, Payot,
Rock and Sanderson (13).
Noes— Alpers, Bent, Finn, Lunstedt
and Rea (5).
The Mayor's veto of the ordinance
providing that a permit must first be
obtained to operate a rock crusher was
also sustained by a vote of twelve to
six, Boxton this time Joining those ap
proving of- the Mayor's action.
| James McDermott, a longshore lum
berman, living at 14 3 Silver street,
was arrested yesterday by Officer
Young of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children for willful
r.eglect of his offspring. It is alleged
that McDermott spent all he earned
In strong drink..
Is Arrested for Cruelty.
Secret Service Agent Burns Hero.
William J. Burns, one of the crack
sleuths of the United States secret ser
vice, arrived in this city yesterday
from Washington, D. C. He has
brought with him a voluminous mass
of evidence in the Hyde-Benson-Di
mond land fraud cases. The examina
tion of Hyde and Dimond on removal
proceedings will begin on Tuesday of
next week. : :-'.' ¦¦>.-
Check AVas Worthless.
Charles Newman of the Russ House
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Mogan yesterday for the arrest of E.
H. Smith on a charge of obtaining
goods by false pretenses. He alleges
that Smith owes him $2 for board
and lodging and gave him in payment
a worthless check.
1 Files Suit for Divorce on Ground of
Cruelty — Other Mismated Couples
Air Their Troubles.
F. V. Muller of 231 Larkin street
! wants a divorce from his wife on the
j ground of cruelty, alleging in his com
l plaint, which was filed yesterday, that
j she has made his life miserable by
J beating and abusing him. He says she
] once struck him on the head with a
i hammer and that on another occasion
she would have hit him with a frying
pan but for his agility and dexterous
dodging.
A suit for divorce was also filed by
Nina Smith against Andrew Smith, she
j alleging that he humiliatef her by re
fusing to talk to her and that he only
allows her 50 cents a day to provide
for him, herself and one child.
Divorces were granted to Nellie F.
Scholtz from Henry F. Scholtz for de
sertion and Giovanni Moroncelll from
Maria Moroncelll for neglect.
Judge Hebbard took under advise
ment the divorce suit of Mary L. War
ner against Matthew Warner. It is a
contested matter, the litigants accus
ing each other of cruelty and deser
tion.
MULLEK CLAIMS HIS WIFE
HIT HIM WITH A HAMMER
For the first described property the
price obtained was $14,400. The pur
chaser is C. Schlessinger. The lot is
80x125 feet. The improvements there
on consist of a frame building. The
site is good for a warehouse or fac
tory.
The northeast corner of Seventh
and Willow streets, Oakland, was sold
to A. G. Kieso and G. Becket for $12,
000. The lot has a frontage of lll:S?s
feet on Seventh street, with a depth of
104 feet. The improvements, con
sisting of a two-story frame building
containing four stores and lodge
rooms, bring in an income of $100 per
month.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. auctioned San
Francisco and Oakland real estate
yesterday and also properties in Ma
rin and Solano counties. The leading
attractions mentioned in the auction
catalogue for investors were the
northwest corner of Townsend street
and Clarence place in this city and
the northeast corner of Seventh and
Willow streets in Oakland.
Income Properties Are Disposed Of by
G. H. Umbsen & Co. on Fall
of Hammer.
crrr and Oakland lots
ARE SOLD AT . AUCTION"
Send 10 cents In stamps to R. R. Ritchie.
Xo." 617 Market street, San Francisco, for
Russo-Japanese War Atlas, issued by the
Chicago and North-Western Railway. Thre«
fine-colored mape, each 14x20. bound In con
venient form for reference. The Eastern sit
uation shown in detail, with tables showing
relative military and naval strength and
financial rezources of Russia and Japan. *
The North-Western IJne Russia-
Japan Atlas.
The Finance Committee recommend
etl a resolution authorizing an expen
diture of $6000 out of the surplus fund
for extra clerks in the Tax Collector's
office, but withdrew the resolution when
it ascertained that it could not legally
bo adopted.
The board adopted a resolution
authorizing an expenditure of $2000 to
be made out of the appropriation for
urgent necessities, to be expended in
additional sanitary procedures In
Chinatown, under the direction of the
special committee of the Board of Su
pervisors with the advice of the Board
of Health and the United States Ma
rine Hospital Service.
The clerk was directed to invite bid3
for the burial of Indigent dead prior to
the compilation of the next municipal
budget.
The Finance Committee deferred con
sideration of the request of the Mer
chants' Association that an appropria
tion be made for repaving Merchant
street between Sansome and Battery
streets until the fixing of the budget.
The committee heard Health Officer
Ragan and City Physician Purlenky
relative to their bills for buggy hire.
Ragan stated that he had sold his own
team and was now hiring a buggy to
do the business of the city. Action on
the signing of the demands was post
poned.
The Yosemlte Club petitioned for a
permit to give a professional boxing
exhibition during June.
The Bay Cities Water Company by
W. S. Tevis, president, filed a com
munication in which it takes excep
tion to City Engineer Grunsky's stric
tures in his report on the Coyote Creel:
project of water supply for San Fran
cisco. The company repeats its as
serted ability to deliver to this city a
daily supply of sixty or more millions
o f . gallons of superior potable water
and claims the cost thereof will be
vastly less than that of the proposed
Sierra Nevada scheme, of which Grun
sky is the avowed champion.
The Invitation of the Lewis and
Clark Centennial Exposition to the city
of San Francisco to take part in the
exposition was accepted.
The Artificial Light Committee had
previously submitted a report again
recommending that the rate be fixed
at ninety cents, on the ground that
the rate is fair to the company and
Just to the people.
The claim of Mary F. Gibbon for the
alleged destruction of a bulkhead On
her property at 923 Pine street caused
by the erection of an engine house was
rejected, the matter being one for legal
determination.
The Board of Supervisors again yes
terday voted down the proposed ordi
nance fixing the rate for gas at ninety
cents per thousand cubic feet. The vote
on passage to print was nine In favor
to eight against, as follows:
Ayes— Alpers, 1 Bent. Buxlon, Finn.
Hocks, Lunstedt, McClellan, Rea, San
derson.
Xoes — Booth, Braunhart, Comte, Con
nor, Eggers, Payot, D'Ancona, Rock.
Absent — Brandenstein.
The Hassell Audit Company filed a
statement showing that its services for
experting the city's books had cost
$S938 85. The defalcations and short
ages found In the accounts of ex-Cash
ier White of the Board of Works and
in the Probate Department amounted
to $44,401 77, of which $610S 50 has been
recovered and $3S,993 27 Is recoverable.
The petition of Mrs. Margaret Lynch
and others that "Lynch street" be
stricken from the official map on the
ground that it is private property was
referred to the Street Committee.
An amended ordinance prohibiting
the guilty possession of knockout drops
and the administering thereof was
passed to print.
The board referred to the Judiciary
Committee a resolution requesting the
Attorney General to cause an action
to be commenced in the name of the
State in order to determine who is en
titled to the office of Justice of the
Peace to fill the unexpired term of
Percy V. Long.
The resolution also requests the Au
ditor and the Treasurer not to audit
or pay the salary attached to the of
fice until the city is protected by a
final judgment of the court in the
premises.
Resolved, That the Spring Valley Water
Company be and it is hereby requested to ap
ply to the Assessors and boards of equaliza
tion of the counties in which the properties at
said company are located outside of this city
for a reduction of its assessment to a fair and
reasonable sum.
Whereas, It appears that the properties of
the Spring Valley Water Company located
outside of this city are taxed out of propor
tion to their actual assessable value, said
property in San Mateo County bearing one
fifth of the total tax burden of said county;
and whereas, the taxes of said company are
paid by the people of this city In the form of
water rates, therefore be It
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution requesting the
Spring Valley Water Company to ap
ply for a reduction of its assessments in
counties outside of San Francisco. The
resolution follows:
The petition of the Iroquols Club that
a municipal water supply be acquired
by the city was referred to the Utili
ties' Committee.
The Raymond Granite Company was
granted a permit for a spur track
across Division street, near York, and
also on Utah street.'
The roadway of Clay street, between
Franklin and Gough, was fully ac
cepted.
The ordinance: making it -unlawful to
carry on any business in a building
connected with a house used for im
moral purposes was finally, passed.
The petition of the Excelsior Home
stead Association that Mission street
from Crescent avenue to the county
line be reriaved was referred to the
Finance Committee.
The Haslett "Warehouse Company
,was granted a permit for a spur track
on Second stFeet, between Townsend
and King.
Protests against Chief Wlttman's or
dinance prohibiting street speaking in
certain districts were filed by the Re
tail Grocers' Clerks, Millmen's, Labor
ers' Protective, Freight Handlers' and
Upholsterers' Unions, Golden Gate
Lodge of Plasterers. Brotherhood of
Carpenters and Joiners and the Verein
Foresters.
, The Board of Works was directed to
fix the damages and benefits resulting
from changing the grades on Fifteenth
street.
The San Francisco Athletic Club was
granted a permit to hold an amateur
boxing exhibition -on Friday evening
next. . — *
. Supervisor Lunstedt renewed his ef
fort to have the public market at Eddy,
Powell and Market streets eliminated
from the provisions of the ordinance,
but his motion was defeated.
: The Fire Commission Invited the
board to witness the working of an
automatic sprinkler for theaters at the
corporation yard, 52 Sacramento street,
on Wednesday at 2:30 p. m.
Under the ordinance flower peddlers
may pursue their trade at Kearny and
Market, Market and Third, Eddy, Pow
ell and Market streets and other speci
fied locations surrounding public parks
and fountains.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
finally passed the ordinance providing
for and regulating the use of free pub
lic flower markets and designating the
locations thereof.
A representative of the Laborers'
Protective Union protested on behalf
of. the organization against extending
Ae limits for the prohibition of blast
ing.
The vote on the question whether the
ordinances shall become laws, notwith-
R. W. ftillgicy. A. G. Magulre, P.
Healry. Mrs. McXeill, M. O'Dea and
Charles McGlynn, the latter represent
ing the Hibernia Bank, appealed to the
l»oard to stand by the ordinances ex
leaAiBS the prohibited limits.
A lad»v asked if Gray Bros, had a
permit to trade Thirtieth street and
I'raunhart called attention to the fact
t hat a resolution directing the Board of
Works to see that the charter was not
l>einj? violated by that firm was still in
the hands of the Mavor, but that no
permit had ever been granted for the
purpose.
Rev. Father Connolly, pastor of St.
Paul's Church, said that all the people
!n the surrounding district are opposed
lit the rock crusher on Thlrtie'th street.
"We had hoped that our Mayor
v.ill stand by the common people and
we trust that he will see his way clear
to do so," said Father Connolly.
this ordinance Is passed over
the llayor'j^veto or not, I hope some
KXreemest may be arrived at to rid
us of this rock crusher, which Is a
prcat nuisance. If it takes us to the
end of our lives that rock crusher is
poing out of that place."
Erandensteln took occasion to ex
press confidence in the honesty of
Braunhart In view of the Mayor's at
tack upon the latter, saying tfiat hit
colleague had always had the best In
terests of the people at heart.
PASTOR MAKES PROTEST.
'"I do not propose to allow my char
acter to be besmirched," said Braun
hart. "My reputation will compare fa
vorably with that of the Mayor."
'¦These personalities must close,"
«tld Mayor Echmitz. "I will not be In-
Kulted by you or by any other member
of the board. If the cap has fitted you,
wear It."
Braunhart resented the Mayor's ref
erences, claiming that he had no ul
terior motive in talking to Gray Bros.
as he had done.
BRAUN1IART REPLIES.
Action was not taken before the bad
feeling existing between Mayor
Bcbznlts and some of the members of
the board had frequently cropped out
in rather heated manner during the de
bate. The Mayor and Supervisor
Braunhart engaged In a wordy battle
regarding the former's reference to
Fraur.bart's having asked Gray Bros,
vrhy they had not seen him before es
tablishing- their quarry on Thirtieth
street. The reference which precipi
tated hostilities was contained in the
following reply to the caustic report of
the Street Committee recommending
that The ordinances be finally passed,
notwithstanding the Mayor's vetoes of
the same:
Th* report of the Ftreet Committee on my
\ftu messages is bo full of studied personal in
pult and garbled mitTtpresentation that, ecn
irary to my usual custom. I will not permit It
l" pst-s without reply. I propose to assert end
to dofend '.he dignity of the high office to
v h:rh th» citizens of San Francisco have elect
ed me. I am »urpriBe<! that the p?tty political
¦StaceotaB which, since the beginning of this
year, hag rr&nif^sted itself on every possible
Hecuba rtiould cause the members of this
t"srd to far to forget themselves and their
fluty a* Jo permit a report of this kind to be
r.ade. Litericr motives are basely Insinuated.
?¦•T.tences 1n mr meFsajje are torn from their
context and misconstrued, while others are de
!;r*rste:y cmttted.
The veto messages which nave Just been read
give in full the reasons for ray action. They
«r* at least cr*n and sincere. There is no in
< rmaltfmcy whatever in my position. 1 am
¦gainst roc* crushing in this city wherever it
ouFrs iniury and damage to others, and if.
rtit»ith«anding their written agreement. Gray
Urother* cannot carry out their business wlth
< lit furh dam&jte. I will certainly approve a
robwqatat ordlntnce extending the limits.
BELIEVES IN" FAIR PLAY.
Kut I believe In fair play to every one. The
:n insistency, if any, is on the part of tom«
of the Supervisors. A few months ago you
i amrd an ordinance providing that no rock
cnMhtas should be dime in this city within
Thirtieth street. By this you declared that
l-»yond Thirtieth street such business could be
tarried en. Helving upon this, these men pro
ceeded to tear down their Twenty-sixth-street
I ¦lart. and. 1n conformity with the ordinance.
I'uxeoded 10 e^tab'.iFh themselves en the other
<-s<Je if Thirtieth street.
N.w you are pursing them again. This ap
}.^ared to me a great deal like malicious per
>¦ nut iiersr-rutlon. especially in view of Gray
llmtkd*' public assertion that a certain Super
r who lias this report aeked them
why ti,r\ had not seen him first and stated
viat bt-r-auEe they had not he was against
i.'iem. right cr wrong.
Notwithstanding nay disgust at ecch appa
i'iii persecution I would not have Interfered
:' srtusl damage were ehown. but I have per
fr-.nally investigated the matter and visited
ibe locality, and I believe the protestants are
more frightened than hurt. If at any subse
quent date I find any resulting damage, if Gray
Brother* cannot do what they have agreed in
¦writing to do. I will be the first to advise the
ci a restrictive ordinance.
MATTEIi OF JUSTICE.
As individuals Gray Brcthera are nothing to
*»•. From a political standpoint It would un
i«'ubted!y be easier to comply with the request
of the protestants. but as & matter of Junice
rnd fair dealing, which must stand above
)*Mit)cs and above personal consideration. I be
ii've. within the law. !n giving every man a
c hance and in protecting every citizen against
mslJclous persecution.
IVJth regard to the personal antagonism of
members of this board against myself, I
went to fsy thie: In the interest cf the" public
fonict: I df-bired to .have friendly relations be
tween the members of this board and myself.
In iny inaugural message I expressed the hoj>e
that all personal feelings might be laid a&ide
and that w<; might work together as friends
For the city's good. Instead of this, every pos-
Fibl* opportunity has been seized upon by cer
tain members of your board unjustly to a*sault
ihe administration, and indeed, to Insult the
jiTMin of the chief magistrate of this city
r-ly'.ng upon his regard for the dignity of his
otf.ee to refrain from reply.
This cannot be allowed to go on much longer
and I now warn the members cf this board
who have thus been conspiring and attacking
for petty political motives to discontinue, or
they will taJcc the consequences. I welcome
any legitimate criticism, and will encourage
and appreciate any sincere opposition, but I do
not propose any longer to stand from any
member of this board any further open Insult
euch as U contained in this report.
. E. E. SCHMITZ, Maj-or.
Th<» Board of Supervisors yesterday
v-.:staine<i the Mayor's vetoes of the or
dinances extending the limits within
v-hich it is prohibited to carry on
blasting and rock crushing operations,
and designed to prevent Gray Bros.
from operating on Thirtieth street.
Thlrte»n Supervisors voted to over
ride the Mayor's vetoes and five
asrainst dcirg: so, fourteen votes, how
ever, being: necessary to nullify the
vetoes.
Schniitz and Braunhart En
gage in Heated. Wordy
Battle During Proceedings
Ask Attorney General to
Have Court Decide "Who Is
New Justice of the Peace
Bay Cities Company Resents
Grunsky's Strictures on
the Coyote Creek Plan
Labor Organizations File
Protests Against Ordi
nance to Restrict Crowds
While the Sunset express was speed
ing along last Saturday evening them
was trouble in the dining car, and the
story was told by four colored gentle
men to Judge Cabaniss and an Interest
ed assemblage of chair-warmers yes
terday morning. William H. Milo, who
figured as defendant In the case, tes
tified that he and three other members
of the culinary department were clean-
Ing utensils In the pantry of the car
when he accidentally dropped some
acid, with which he was shining a cop
per vessel, upon the trousers worn by
the complaining witness, E. McCor
mick, who thereupon waxed exceeding
wroth and emitted uncomplimentary
language. "Quit yoV f ussln* an'.gwan
wif yp* wu'k," was Mr. Milo's only re
tort to the tirade of abuse which, he
alleged, Mr. McCormick hurled at him,
but he warily kept an eye upon the
angered ge'ntleman's movements and
was prepared to protect himself in tht»
event of words giving way to blows.
While thus engaged he saw Mr. Mc-
Cormick pick up a pair of large carv
ing knives and turn toward him,
whereupon he snatched up a sharp and
heavy cleaver and with it dealt M;\
McCormick's cranium a blow that
would have cleft from crown to chin a
Caucasian head, but which merely
made a small abrasion upon Mr. Mc-
Cormick's Ethiopian skull and blunted
the edge of the cleaver.
Mr. McCormick stated that he never
thought of carving Mr. Milo with the
knives, and was more surprised than
hurt by that person's sudden applica
tion of the cleaver. Then Mr. McCor
mick added: "When he drapped the
acid on my pants I jes* sez, 'Luk heah,
man, what yo # tryin' ter do— ruin ma
cloase?' An' he says, 'Yo' am a Hah.'
Den I sez, sez I, 'Ef yo'am a gen'lem'n
yo'll apolergize, 1 an' he sez, sez he,
'Shet up yo* mouf an' go ; on wif yo 1
wu'k.' Den I reaches an' gits der
Four little boys in Conlan's court and
an equal number In the tribunal of
Fritz were sent up to the Juvenile
Court for having been unable to satis
factorily explain why they were roam-
Ing the public streets after 8 o'clock
p. m. The police are under instruction
to make a specialty of arresting "kids"
that violate the curfew ordinance.
Judge Conlan dismissed nine men ac
cused of playing poker in a Tenth
street clubroom, and Judge Cabanias
made similar disposition of fifty-five
men who had been arrested for poker
playing in the Washoe Club, 103 O'Far
rell street. In the latter case Police
Captain Duke, who led the raid, In
formed the court that he had not
prompted the arrests and had insuffi
cient evidence to convict, as he could
r.ot Drove that the Washoe Club con
ducted a percentage game. As the or
dinance prohibits poker-playing only
in public places, and as the Washoe
Club apeared to be open to members
only, dismissal was ordered.
While dismissing the charge against
Henry Bradburn, accused of having
been drunk and disorderly in the Pal
ace Hotel. Judge Conlan remarked that
he had heard of other instances of al
coholic indiscretion in the big hostelry
during times of political activity. To
which Clerk Rice retorted that he un
derstood the Palace was a choice meet
ing place for Democrats. This the
Judge most strenuously denied, and the
denial was emphatically backed up by
Attorney Weller. who declared that
Republicans only foregather to do poli
tics in the Palace. Clerk Rice was
about to say something in defense of
his party when the court cut him olf
by abruptly calling the next case.
"Twenty-five dollars fine or twenty
five days in jail for you, William," was
the Judge's comment. "And*when you
get out of this trouble I hope you
will forever abstain from participat
ing in the milkmen's chorus, 'Yes, We
Shall Gather by the River.' "
Then came William Cain, a driver
for the Golden Eagle Dairy, on Brazil
avenue, to explain why he had bee,n
hawking milk which expert analysis
had demonstrated to be 20 per cent
aqua pura. William said that the milk
was pure as it came from the cow
when he started out to distribute it,
but rain had entered the can while his
back was turned and sneakingly effect
ed the dilution- .
"For what," quoth the Judge, "do
I know about diseases of liver? Mine
is not an expert eye. The liver in ques
tion might be reeking of all kinds of
ailments and I could not detect them.
No; keep the liver where it is and al
low me to find out its condition by
means of hearsay." •
that there was no case apinst him, as
he had not actually offered the liver
for sale. All of this Impelled the court
to reserve its decision until this morn
ing. /
Dr. Creely testified that while driving
along Market street his attention was
attracted by the debilitated condition of
the contents of Maloney's wagon, and
that closer investigation satisfied him
that the entire load was unfit for
human food. In corroboration of the
complainant's testimony, Dr. D. F.
Westphal stated that he had examined
the liver and found it diseased, but the
disease was so slight as to be visible
only to the expert eye. Dr. W. P.
Hassler indorsed Dr. Westphal's find
ing and believed that the optic of the
inexperienced layman might search In
vain for disease in the liver. He had
examined the remainder of the meat
in Malony's possession and found it
all sufficiently healthy to be eaten with
impunity.
To convince the court that he was
not a mere alarmist, but had ample
grounds for Ms complaint. Dr. Creely
offered to have the liver produced In
court, but the offer was hastily de
clined.
A considerable portion of Judge Mo
gan's session yesterday was consumed
in oral analysis of a beef liver which
James Maloney, employed by Samuel
Aftergut, was conveying to market
when he was arrested on complaint
of Veterinary Surgeon E. J. Creely,
who opined that the meat was dis
eased. There was a conflict of opinion
as to the extent to which the liver was
tainted, and the defendant pleaded
Seven soldiers asseverated that they
were not shooting craps, but simply
watching some civilians play the game,
when they were arrested Sunday at
the Presidio, gate. Judge Mogan evi
dently did not believe their plea, for
each of them was fined $5.
* * *
Herman Payne, master of the llme
juicer Mandalay, was found not guilty
of shooting at Watchman Charles Poy
er of the same trim craft. Captain
Payne explained that he carried a pis
tol because / he was afflicted with a
rebellious crew, and that he was. sim
ply transferring the weapon to Poyer,
when it was -accidentally discharged.
So he was discharged by Judge Ca
baniss.
John Kelley. a colored man, who
claims to be of Hibernian nativity, was
sentenced to thirty days' imprisonment
for vagrancy after he had begged
Judge Mogan to enable him to be at
liberty to celebrate the natal day of
Erin's patron. saint.
The gray-haired mother cf 16-year
old Thomas Kerwin tearfully acknowl
edged to Judge Mogan that the court's
previously expressed estimate of her
son's worth had proved correct, and
that she desired the Judge to punish
the incorrigible youngster as he consid
ered proper.
Twice had the boy been before the
same tribunal oh a charge of petty lar
ceny, and twice had the Judge respond
ed to the mother's pleading and re
leased him. So when he was arrested
on the mother's complaint of incorrigl
bility the Judge was not surprised.
"I told you twice before," he said to
the weeping woman, "that this boy
would never be anything more satis
factory than a criminal and ingrate.
He is instinctively bad, and it would
have been better for him and for you
If I had sent him to a reformatory
when he first came, before me. I will
do so now, and for your sake I hope
that his new environment, will extin
guish his vicious tendencies." ¦
"All right. But In advocacy of my
friend here, Mr. Ryan, I desire to say—"
"Oh, go along to the 'tanks' and take
Mr. Ryan with you. Next case, Mr.
Clerk."
Sarsfleld O'Brien shuffled away with
the air of a martyr to judicial tyranny.
Sarsfleld O'Brien, who has been im
prisoned for vagrancy until the County
Jail complains of a void when he is
at large, stood before Judge Mogan
yesterday and eloquently pleaded for
the release of Lawrence Ryan, with
whom he was arrested on the old
charge.
"May It please the court," said Sars
fleld, "I ask for mercy for my fellow
defendant. His noble spirit 1s suffi
ciently humiliated by appearing here,
and your clemency—"
"How long have you been out of
jail?" was the irrelevant interruption.
"A long time— seven weeks."
"Must seem like a lifetime to you."
remarked the Judge. "Come up to
morrow and I'll send you back to the
old home."
William Enright visited a catchpenny
show in which the marvels of electrical
invention are exhibited, and so enthu
siastic did he become over what he saw
that the manager of the establishment
summoned Police Officer Eckman to
eject him. Three times did the officer
gently thrust William outside the door,
and three times did William return.
Then the officer exercised a little
roughness, whereupon William kicked
the officer's shins. Arrested, pronounced
guilty by Judge Mogan and remanded
till to-day for sentence.
But there was nothing incongruous
in Margaret O'Connell's appearance as
she was accused of vagrancy by Police
man Harry Hook. "Old offender" was
plainly stamped upon Margaret's bloat
ed countenance and betrayed by her
bedraggled attire. "Take her away and
I'll sentence her to-morrow,"' said Judge
Mogan, wearily, when the policeman's
recital was finished.
Mary Jones — which probably Is not
her name — was such an unlikely look
ing person to be accused of vagrancy
that Judge Mogan held her until the
police have discovered something more
about her identity. As she stood before
the bench there was refinement- in her
countenance, costume and manner, and
the Judge rubbed his eyes and glanced
at her again after Policeman Connolly
had sworn that he found her wander
ing about Chinatown in an intoxicated
condition. She was not sufficiently Ine
briated to be communicative, however,
and all she told was that her name Was
Mary, Jones and that she did not reside
in San Francisco.
Joseph Miller, cigar dealer at Geary
street and Grant avenue, was before
Judge Mogan on a charge of selling
pools on horse races, and informed .the
court that he had not employed an at
torney and would defend the case him
self.
"So let It be," remarked the Judge;
"but don't forget, Mr. Miller, that the
layman that acts as his own attorney
usually has a fool for a client."
Mr. Miller was given until this morn-
Ing to digest^ this chunk of judicial
philosophy. The arrest was made by
Police Officer Cogill, who Invested a
dollar to make his case good.
• • •
knives, an' fu»* thing I knows dat fool
niggah's a-smashin' me on de head wif.
<5e cleaber."
As the evidence did not make It clear
ttfat either of the gentlemen acted with
malicious Intent the case was dis
missed.
'•Does your Honor mean to say that
Mr. Milo did not Intend to Inflict griev
ous bodily harm when he struck Mr.
McCormick with the cleaver?" inquired
the prosecuting attorney.
"That's what," replied the Judge. "If
Mr. Milo had really intended to injure
Mr. McCormick he would have smitten
some part of his anatomy other than
his head."
DEFENDS WATER SUPPLY
REQUIRE INFORMATION
FAVOR STREETSPEAKING
SESSION* A LIVELY ONE
Supervisors Defeat the Bills
Extending the Prohibitory
Limits of Rock Crushing
Board of Supervisors Final
ly Passes Bill Designat
ing Sidewalk Privileges
Supervisors for Second Time
Vote Down the Ordinance
Fixing It at Xinety _ Cents
Butcher's Teamster Is Arrested, and Expert
Analysts , Tell Judge Mogan That. They
Found the Meat Unfit for Human Food
Supervisors Think Spring
Valley Company Overas
sessed in Other Counties
MAYOR'S VETOES
ARE SUSTAINED
FREE MARKETS
FOR FLOWERS
DEEM OUTSIDE
TAI EXCESSIVE
STILL HAGGLE
OVER GAS RATES
DISEASED BEEF LIVER SEIZED
WHILE BEING TAKEN TO MARKET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL",' TUESDAY. MARCH 15. 190-f.
; "*V> search the world for fine coffees
lor Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast. - •
It is generally admitted that Draperies
and Lace Curtains are sold at 40 per cent
less * thaiT regular prices' at •: PATTO
SIEN'S: RETIRING SALE, corner Six
teenth and .Mission streets, y- . -, . •
Draperies and L<aee . Curtains at u
Bargain.
7
A^nJEEMENTS.
wwLU SV2E53 A w$mi mm
Last Six Nights JSSk
John C. Fishers TUP Most MaBnlflcent
Stupendous | ||r "f All Musical
PrMentation, . * ***-' Comedy rrr.riuctiona,
SILVER
SLIPPER
With SAMTTEZi COX.UXTS.
The Sensational Champagne L>ance. .
Bionrsnro next mossat.
MARY MANNERIN6
In the New Uodern Comedy by Leo Ditrlchsteta
HAEEIET'S HOSETTKOOS....™
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
BEGINNING MONDAY, MARCH 21.
p R t Mary of
MSKB Magdala
Seats Now on Sale.
Prices, 50c, 75c, $1, $1.50, S2.
ALCAZAR "I—"
Oneral Manager.
TO-NIGHT — MATS. SAT. AND SVS.
First Representation* in San Fnuxlsoo of
Richard Wagrner's SZlracIe Play,
...PARSIFAL...
Produced under the rersonal direction of
Frederic Belasco.
The music lnteroreted hy an orchestra of
Twenty.
No one will he seated after the trum-
pets sound In tne foyer at 8 p. m.
Special Prices — Evgs- 25c to $1. Mats. 23c to T3o
Market street, near Eighth. Phon* South 533.
TO-N'IGHT— AIX THIS WEEK.
MATIXEES SATURDAY AND 8UNDAT.
The Greatest of All Irish Dramas.
SBAMUS O'BRIEJT
'THE BOLD BOT OF GLENOALL."
HERSCHEL UAYALL. AS "SHA1ICS."
Jlc Specialties by Champion Gaelic Daac«n.
nnirrc Evenings 10c to WV»
rAlvCO Matlneea 10c. l.V. 25o
Next— THE KINO 07 DETECTIVES
High-Glass Specialties
Every Afternoon and Erenfxur la thM
Heated Theater.
EX JOY YOURSELF IN CABARET DB LA
_ . - MORT...
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Tak» a Trl» DOWN THE FLCMS.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY. *
Admission, 10c; Children. 8c.
¦When Phonlnr Ask for "The Chutes."
Bacing!|p5ii^ iking!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB. , » ~
Racine Each Tteck Day. Rala or Shlna.
Six or More Races Daily. .
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. ¦harp^
For special trains stopples at the track u>»
5. P. Ferry, foct of Market street, at 12. 12:2a.
l:Co. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking ta last two
cars, which are reserved for ladles and thalr
escorts.
Returning train* leaT* track at 4:10 and
4:45 ard Immediately after the last rae».
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
The Weekly Call
•*. $1 pcr:Ycafl»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
laKlllg bulUi
Then you need instant'attention. You
feel chilly and have frequent sneezing
spells. You'll be surprised at the
amount of good a few doses of Hos-
tetter's Stomach Bitters will do you.
Try to-day. . Besides counteracting
Chills, Colds and La Grippe it is also
unequaled for Dyspepsia, , Indigestion,
Constipation, Insomnia, ' Poor Appe-
tite, Dizziness and Malaria. Thou-
sands are using it with great satisfac-
tion. Why not try a bottle?
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
Pflian* DON'T FAIL TO
laitlltW tee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Hill room, tha EMPIRE
aUI » PARLOR, the
>» % PALM ROOM, the
(ifMfld LOUIS XV PAR.
All ttHU LOR^ flnd to t LA-
H X~1~ DIES' WRITING
Hoteis room-
HOT V-l H/l A To .•t»y- Cured: j Cause re-
tlN I llWl/l lrloved - Health restored.
™U • ¦ ¦ ! T >rt No more Asthma or Hay
•Ai"ii»r»i Kcver. Book 60 Free.
OvIiLli P. HAROLD HATES,
BuBalo. N. T,
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA
r "BETTER THAN
• -WAY SO WIT EAST.' "
3 MR. ni yi ¥ \r I
I DANIEL SULLY I
In his greatest success, jj
THE OLD MILL STREAM §
8 A Rural Romance of Surpassing Ex- ¦
cellence. 13
¦ Sunday— BEN HENDRICKS s
EmmettGorrigan Company
Presenting "Jockey Jones"; Nichols
Sisters; Loney Haskell: Barrows-
Lancaster Company, in "A Chip of
the Old RIock"; Poettinser's Swed-
ish Ladies' Quintet; Ferguson and
¦Mack; Gillo's Artesto; Lowe-Hushes
Duo, and Orphcum 31otion Pictures.
Resular Matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c. 25c
and 50c.
TIVOLI3g5&
LAST SIX WIGHTS Or
TPE GYPSY BARON
Strauss' Romanic Opera In Thr»s Acts,
FIRST APPEARANCE IX ENGLISH OF
SIC DOMENICO RUSSO
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE !
MONDAY, March 21 — First Production la
San Francisco of
MR. PICKWICK.
Usual Popular Prices 25c. 50c and 73o
Box Sea,ts $100
BOTH I AND
STARS I PLAY
A DECIDED HIT.
So Pronounced hy Press and Public.
The Rounders
The Great New York Casino Success.
A musical comedy -with a story.
FUNNY TO THE LAST.
, Finely Stated. Excellently Acted.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights 25c. 60c and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees 25c and
50c Children at Matinees 10c and 25c.
yiacT •. "PsarET. 11
HAROLD BAUER
FIAUTST.
LYRIC HALL
TO-5IOET
I.AST RECXTAX.
TO-UOBBOW AFTEBKOOlf AT 3:30.
; FOPXJIiAB PS.TCES.
Course tickets Wacner lecture recitals now
ready at Lyric Hall.
KATE JANI3CH I.ECTTJEES.
BEAUTIFUL NEW ZEALAND
Illustrated Views and Motion Pictures.
TO-MOKBOW AND PEIDA7 1TIOHTS,
TEE HAST COAST.
Friday Afternoon— THE WEST COAST.
CHILDREN. 25c at MATINEE.
. Reserved seats. $1.00,- 75 cents and 50 caata
at Sherman, Clay £ Co.'s.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PURIFY
'THE BLOOD
WITH
MUNYON'S-
PAW-PAW
What President BoosavclV* ConSlentiil
Messenger Says:
Both myself and wife have used Mua-
yon's Paw-Paw. My wife was a great
sufferer with Indigestion, heart and kld-
.ney troubles, with acute nervousness
and I with the natural results of age.
combined with dyspepsia and Indiges-
tion. I purchased a bottle of Paw-Paw,
and less than a dozen closes have made
m© feel strong and energetic, and have
so regulated my digestion that I eat and
sleep perfectly. Jly wire has so far been
greatly benefited by its use. so that her
troubles seem now to be entirely over.
It is certainly a wonderful remedy.
(Signed) e. S. BECKLET.
Mr. Beckley has for thirty-seven years
occupied his present position with all tha
Presidents from President Lincoln down,
and is favorably known to Cabinet offi-
cers. Senators, department officials, Con-
gressmen and citizens.
A body that is overworked, a system
that is run down, requires a stimulant.
Alcoholic stimulants lift, but let you fall.
PAW-PAW LIFTS AND HOLDS YOU!
Sold by all druggists. Large bottle, SI.
Paw-Paw Laxative Pills. 25c a bottle.A capitalist prominent in the financial affairs, of the
State was sentenced recently in Los Angeles to serve
an imprisonment of two years in San Quentin prison.
What a novelty it will be to have a man of money as an
inmate of one of our penitentiaries. It is well, indeed, to
know that even in the eyes of our law a rich man- car>
do wronir. . > .
Energetic measures are being taken in Hawaii to . im
prove the National Guard of the island territory and to
place the citizen soldiery upon a basis in keeping with
their importance as an American institution. The move
ment should receive the heartiest encouragement. The
National Guard is held v very dear in the sympathies of
Americans, and anything tending to its expansion and
efficiency will always be welcomed and approved.
! WRITING MACHINES — Student.
' City. The attempt to produce a writ
i ing machine goes back nearly 200 years.
j The records of the British Patent Offic*
j show that a patent was Issued to Henry
1 Mill, a London engineer, f%r a wTitinj;
j machine In 1714. From that time down
! to 1S36 numerous machines were in
vented, but it was not until that year
that the pioneer of the present type
writing machine was presented. This
I T.as by Alfred E. Beach, one of tha
proprietors of the Scientific American,
who- obtained a patent for a machine
embodying the characteristic basket
j like disposition of type bars and typa
of the present machine. This was a
machine for^printlng embossed letters
for the use'of the blind. About ih-s
same time Dr. S. W. Francis of New
York made a machine having the keys
arranged. around In a circle and using
an inking ribbon, a traveling frame
and an alarm belt.
The Supreme Court of California has decided that the
salaries of public officials, other than those created by
the constitution, may be attached by creditors. What is
politics coming to? We create officers- with nothing to
do, pay them 1 handsomely for filling the emiirently de
sirable duties, of their positions and now insist that they
must meet their just debts. We must plead, in the light
of experience, that a serious mistake has been made
somewhere.
The Simplon tunnel in the Alps, one
of the greatest works In the world. Is
rapidly approaching completion. Its
total length will be a little over twelve
miles, of which distance six and up
ward have been penetrated on the*
north, or Brigue. side, and four and
upward on the south, or Italian, side,
leaving only a fraction over one mile
yet to be completed. It is expected that
the two sections will be joined together
in the coming May or June, and it will
not be long thereafter when trains will
regularly be running through. The
organization of the work is of high ef
ficiency. No sickness exists among the
men; the use of the Brandt drill imme
diately suppresses all dust and there
has not been a single case of miner's
phthisis, although some 3.000 men
have been at work for five years.
The Largest Tunnel.
UNTIL yesterday Judge Parker had not been heard
of for six weeks, as a Presidential candidate. The
last time he was mentioned was when Fitzger
ald, member of Congress «from 'New York, interrupted
Landis of Indiana with an impassioned ascription to Par
ker as the hero of the Democracy, the bearer of the ark
of the covenant of liberty, the hope of the people, the
loved of the masses, their very present help in time of
trouble, the household word around the winter firesides
of the republic.
When he stopped for breath,, Landis said: "Can 'the
gentleman from New York give me Judge Parker's post
office address?" Fitzgerald, still sweltering from his elo
quent exertion, repfied that he could not. "Then let me
know his given name," said the -cold and deliberate
Landis. Then the New York member had to confess
that he did not know the given name of this national
hero and household word, and the whole House roared
with laughter at the anti-climax, and no ventured
to* refer tojudge Parker again until the 13th inst.
Meantime the have been thumbing the New
York blue book wherein his name appears as an official,
and it is given out that "Judge Alton B. Parker's nomi
nation is practically assured." This is a statement in
the line of a directory, for it carries his. given name.'but
should also give his address, to the end that no one may
be caught like Congressman Fitzgerald.
The directorial information is said to come from "one
of Judge Parker's foremost managers," and therefore is
of importance. Now what sort or managers has the
Judge, if the foremost one is a sample? He says: "The
Democratic party has an opportunity. I know" that the
PARKER'S TURN.
TRANSFER VARNJSH— Subscriber,
Oakland, Cal. What is known as trans
fer varnish, used for transferring and
fixing engravings or lithographs on
wood, for gilding, silvering, etc., ia
made of the following ingredients, in
the proportions given: Four ounces of
mastic In tears and "ftmr ounces of
sanderac in one and a half pints of
rectified spirits, to which is added one
half pint s of- Canadian balsam.
The highest compliment yet paid to the discriminating
activity of Bristow, the Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General, who has unearthed many of the frauds that have
disgraced the postal service, was paid the other day in
the unseemly row in the House of "Representatives.
Bristow touched a tender spot on the sensitive bodies
of too many distinguished statesmen. The inquiry,
therefore, should vigorously be prosecuted to the end.
Where so many are apparently hurt by investigation it
is eminently proper to discover the reason.
eye is true
As any pilot's, and who cannot fail.
Pauses a startled instant in the blue.
Then shouts to all the fields. "A sail!
A sail!" — Boston Transcript.
Wan. widowed fields beneath a cloudless
sky
Look out across a summer sea in vain;
And In their loneliness they seem to cry:
"Where are the lost ships of the Wind
and Rain?"
When, of a sudden. Bob White, whose
The Coming of Rain.
POKER— Subscriber. City. There is
a marked difference* between draw and
straight poker. In straight poker tha
original cards are played, there being
no draw. Each player puts up a given
amount prior to the deal, and there ia
no. ante.
If reports are to be credited Washington is seriously
disposed to annex the pestiferous little island qf San
Domingo." Why not? We are being constantly involved
in Dominican rows anyway and when we get the pesky
little rascals into the family we can wallop them to our
heart's content according to strict rules of family dis
cipline.
INDIAN LANDS— A Subscriber, Pa
cific Grove, CaL For information as to*
the time when the Indian reservation
in Oregon will be opened to settlers,
address a letter of inquiry to the Gen
eral Land Office, Washington, D. C.
JACKPOTS— Subscriber, City. Jack
pots can be opened only by a hand
containing two jacks or better.
Anszvers to Queries.
"This man had been occupying a cell
here for six months because he black
ened the eyes of his old mother for
refusing to give him money to buy
drinks with. The morning he was re
leased the first thing he did was to
go across the street and enter a saloon,
where I presume he bought a few
drinks. When he came out he started
to walk up the street, but stopped and
watched a man who was brutally beat-
Ing a superannuated horse that was
hitched to a load that was too heavy
for the animal to haul. I raised the
window and plainly heard my late pris
oner tell the driver not to hit that
horse again. The driver forcefully con
signed him to hade3 and again struck
the poor animal. Well, quicker than I
can tell it the man who beat his moth
er was upon the driver. He pulled him
off the wagon and kicked and struck
him for fiverminutes and then left him
bleeding and sore on the cobbles. And
then he patted in a kindly way the
quivering flanks of ' the ancient steed
and went back into the saloon."
"A man who will brutally beat his
aged mether because she refused to
give him money to purchase liquor is
supposed to be so low that there is
nothing that will appeal to him or
rouse in him a spark of kindness," said
a deputy jailer at the County Jail a
few nights ago during a discussion of
the habits of the criminals and law
breakers, "but I saw a man of that
caliber da a little thing recently that
caused me to think quite a little of
him.
Human Contradictions.
This story, which has been the cause for much fruit
less -controversy and bandying of words to and fro by
the opponents of Roosevelt, seems to be settled, once
for all, by the new light thrown upon it by Francis E.
Leupp, in his recently published'book, "The Man Roose
velt." The author of this personal view of Roosevelt,
who as a veteran Washington newspaper correspondent,
had ready access to the inside circle of affairs at the
time when Long's anecdote about the Assistant Secretary
is placed, discusses the incident as follows: •
"The whole record of this incident was long ago
transcribed from notes made by me in the spring of
1898, with the idea of some possible historical use to be
made of them later. With all-'tleierence to Mr. Long
and entire faith in his sincerity of purpose, I am bound
to believe that he overlooked one essential feature of the
story. He represents Mr. Roosevelt as anxious to crush
Cervera's fleet on the high seas instanter and without
notice, whereas my notes show that Mr. Roosevelt's
plan involved, as a preliminary, a warning to Spain that
she must take the responsibility for whatever happened."
If this closely intimate view of the^affair from the pen
of the man whose business made it imperative to get
at the truth can be taken as more authoritative than the
statement of ex-Secretary Long, there does not remain
much campaign material in the anecdote. The sending
of Cervera's fle'et across the ocean in the early days of
March, 1898, was as definitely a hostile act as the con
stant reinforcement of the Port Arthur fleet by the Rus
sians prior to February 8 was a blow in the face of
Japan. Let those who wish to take strong exception to
the suggestion of Secretary Roosevelt turn back to the
history of the Venezuela boundary dispute and there dis
cover what attitude Cleveland was to take the minute
an English fleet appeared off the Bahamas. His vigor
ous action at that time averted a possible clash between
the two nations.
OPPONENTS of the candidacy of Theodore
Roosevelt to succeed himself in the Presidency
are wont to lay great stress upon the contention
that he is "unsafe," that his "strenuousness" would prob
ably lead him to a grave indiscretion of policy and con
sequently plunge this country into needless complica
tions with some foreign power. To bolster up their as
sertions these timorous ones have been citing of late the
Roosevelt anecdote, now widely published, which occurs
in ex-Secretary of the Navy John D. Long's new book,
"The New American Navy."
The incident referred to in Long's book was one which
the author described as having taken place just prior to
the outbreak of the war with Spain, while Roosevelt was
Assistant Secretary of the Navy. "His (Roosevelt's) ac
tivity was characteristic," says Long. * "He was zealous
in the work of putting the navy in condition for the ap
prehended hard struggle. flis ardor sometimes went
faster than the President or the department approved.
Tust before the war he, as well as some naval officers,
was anxious to send a squadron across the ocean to sink
the ships and torpedo-boat destroyers of the Spanish
fleet while we were yet at peace with Spain."
NEW LIGHT ON AN OLD STORY.
There are three companies in New
York and Brooklyn that are about to
put on the market devices for printing
without types. One is capitalized at
110,000,000. The process is as simple as
a-b-c. To begin with, a typewriter with
the standard keyboard ia used to "set
up" the copy, not in lettters. but in per
forations in an endless strip of paper.
The completed tape looks somewhat
like the music used in automatons that
play the piano. The strip of paper ia
passed through a machine which prints,
with justification, sheet after sheet of
matter of the required size — a book
page or a newspaper. Impressions of
this printed stuff are then made upon
aluminum or zinc plates as thin as or
dinary sheet iron, which are placed
with equal facility upon both the bed
and platen and the cylinder presses.
Printing Without Type.
In the April Delineator Allan Suth
erland writes of a remarkable socio
logical experiment — no longer an ex
periment, for its practical value has
been demonstrated — that has been tried
in several large cities, of changing un
beautiful vacant lots into garden spots.
Vacant tracts of land are borrowed
from generous owners of real estate,
divided into small tracts and loaned to
needy people, chiefly old men, invalids
and children. They are furnished with
seed, tools, etc., and their work is di
rected by competent supervisors.
Among the many beneficent results of
the efforts of the Vacant Lots Associa
tion, the following are mentioned in the
article: Hundreds have found employ
ment who would otherwise have been
idle; land has been rescued from weed3
and rubbish and made to bring forth
fruits and flowers; little children who
at best could hope only for a "country
week" have found glorious "country
summer": they have had. in large
measure at least, suggestions of coun
try life, with its blessing of pure air,
wholesome food and health-giving ex
ercise, and many have already set their
faces resolutely to look for pleasant
homes In the country; indeed, the de
mand from suburban property owners
is rapidly increasing for these youth
ful trained workers of the solL
Vacant Lot Farms.
"Take this, mother," he said, hand
ing her the glittering coin, "and get
home out of the cold."
He was not very ragged, but his
clothes had an appearance of seediness
about them that was mute evidence
that prosperity and he had been
strangers for some time. As he stood
in the lee of the Phelan fountain he
presented a most disconsolate appear
ance. Suddenly he straightened himself
up and removing his hands from his
pocket gazed for several minutes at a
50-cent piece the opening of his fist dis
played. It was all he had. He shrugged
his shoulders, and with a contemptu
ous "humph" started toward one of the
gayly lighted, warm-looking saloons
that are plentiful in the neighborhood.
Within a few feet of the door he passed
a little woman, poorly clad, who was
standing close to the building, and in a
weak, quavering voice called out "even
ing papere."
The poor, weak voice attracted the
attention of the seedy man. and he
half-turned in the little woman's direc
tion. Then he walked toward the sa
loon. "With his hand on the swinging
doors he stopped, looked at the piece of
money in his hand and then with a
shiver turned and walked rapidly to
the vender of the news.
His Last Bit.
Winders will never cease in the administration of
public affairs in this city. Exhibiting an inexplicable,
activity, the police have actually raided a gambling den
that has flaunted its tempting vice for months on one of
our prominent thoroughfares. The incident suggests
itself as of sufficient importance to warrant an investiga
tion by the Police Commissioners. If the raid was war
ranted, why was it delayed?
*. -*
He are jiot allowed it to escape If h<»
did seized something. Being spread
his dominion is dreadfully extensive
so that his countryman boastally say
'the sun are never sets on our domin
ions.' The Testamony of English said
that he that lost the common sense, he
never any benefit though he had gained
the complete world. The English are
cunning Instltutloned to establish a,
great empire-, of the Paradise. Tha
Englishman always said to the an
other nation 'give me your land and I
will give you my Testamony.' So it
is not a robbed but exchanged as th»
Englishman always confide the object
to be pure and the order to be holy
and they reproach him if any them ar»
k'lled to death with the contention of
other man."
We have very convenient rail communication with
Mexico, and American capital has been largely invested
to construct it. Its projection southward has : reached
within 172 miles of the Guatemala line. Thence souther
ly, disjointed projects are contemplated or under con
struction that will carry lines across the Central Ameri
can states. Salvador has long had a line in contemplation
from the vallej' of the San Miguel to Fonseca Bay, and
some construction has been done upon it. It may be. met
by a line from Guatemala easy of construction down the
valley of the Lempa, and intersected by lines from the
western seaports, Acajutla, La Libertad and El Triunfo.
To that county such a line would be the equivalent of
our railways down the Atlantic coast, by which New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Charleston, Savannah,
Mobile and New Orleans are connected. It would tra
verse the rich alluvial zone of Salvador, believed to be
ihe richest part of Central America in its agricultural
possibilities. < »
Passing into Honduras there is a line already in oper
ation,* built by American capital. Nicaragua and Costa
Rica are backward in construction, but their topography
offers no impassable obstruction to a road. Once across
Panama, by hugging the coast rather closely the moun
tains of Colombia may be .avoided, and when the line
enters Ecuador there is nothing in climate or other phy
sical conditions to hinder easy construction, to connect
existing links through Peru and Chile to the Andean tun
nel through which the road must pass to the east side of
the mountains, into Argentine territory.
Already roads from either side are aimed at that
crossing., respectively from Buenos Ayres and Valpa
raiso. Passengers regularly make the transit now, by a
portage over the summit at an* altitude of over 10,000
feet. But the trip with saddle and pack animals is very
trying and offers no facility to commerce. When the
tunnel is bored, as it will be, all rail goods trains can
carry trade between the two coasts of South America.
Heretofore the difficulties have been political rather
than topographical or financial. After crossing the Rio
Grande this inter-American field has to traverse . eleven
different nations. No other line in the world has to deal
with as many jurisdictions and separate sovereignties.
Many of them are nations frequently at war with each
other, or torn by internal dissensions and domestic revo
lutions. By the last steamer it was reported that Central
America is chafing under such a long period of peace.
Salvador has had no revolution since Regalado smote
Gutierrez out of the Presidency in 1898, and Honduras
has been quiet nearly a year. Colombia is biting her
thumbs over the loss of Panama and is probably to be
the prey of Venezuela.
All of them would be made peaceable and prosperous by
the construction of this railway, which would make their
products readily exchangeable, give them quick mails
and bring them into the world and out of their seclu
sion. It would touch the business ambition of their
people, promote production, raise the standard of life
and touch their politics with" a zeal for the public welfare.
It would be the greatest north and south' highway in the
world, eclipsing Cecil Rhodes' Cape to Cairo dream of
a longitudinal line through Africa. His project was to
cross 65 degrees of latitude. The American project from
the northern line of Mexico would traverse 70 degrees.
His line would be inland the whole distance. The inter-
American railway would let on the Pacific, \vith access to
the seaports of Mexico, Guatemala, Salvador, Honduras,
Panama. Ecuador, Peru, Chile and Argentina. As
Jinks aggregating only 4800 miles remain to be built to
complete the American line, at a cost of $150,000,000, it
will be completed long before the Cape to Cairo plan is
accomplished.
THE very full acount of the report of Commissioner
Pepper, on the inter-American railway, which The
Call has published, will be taken as a satisfactory
report of progress in that great project. Such a railway
to connect the Rio Grande with the Rio de la Plata, and
give an all rail route from all parts of the United States
and Canada to Buenos Ayres, must of necessity be built
down the west side of the Andean range. On the east
side the obstacles presented by the mountains are the
least of the difficulties to be overcome by engineering.
The vast swamps of the Orinoco, the Rio Negro, and be
yond them the tropical forests and marshes of the Ama
zon and its tributaries, are obstructions that can be con
quered only by exhausting the wealth of the world, and
then the tropical poison of the climate would defeat the
purpose of such an enterprise, which is the union of the
extremes of the hemisphere by rail, and the supplying of
rapid mail facilities and means of communication and
commerce, useful to the peoples of both continents.
Ihc Gold Supply.
RT FRKPKRICK WRIGHT. LI>. H.
lA-Jlfccr v! "Th* Ice AS"? in North An!<?ric&."
•"Aslat:? Russia." etc.) j
(Con right. VMH. by Joseph B. Dowlas.)
A part of the value of gold consists
:i its scarcity! If it were as plenty as
iirl it would not only be as cheap
is dirt, but a great deal cheaper, for it
!i-<mld be the greatest nuisance in the
i- or!d, since the uses to which it can
be put are very limited. Its principal
lttraetions consist in its beautiful
.olor. in its freedom from rust or oxi
latjon, and its great capacity for be
ns welded without heat, drawn into i
¦-lender wire, and hammered out into J
'.lmoFl inconceivably thin sheets. It t
has not the strength of iron or the ca
pacity of taking and keeping an edge.
But from the earliest ages it has been
fo attractive to men and so free from
the "rust that doth corrrupt," and
ivithal so scarce, that it has been re
garded a?ii most "precious" metal and
has served ajs the most convenient
medium of exchange called "money."
Bat. for all that gold is so scarce,
t is very widely distributed. An In-
Lonceivable amount of gold is dis
solved in the water of the ocean, but
n such Email quantities that It would
ost a thousand times as much to ex-
Tact it as the quantity extracted
ivouid be worth when in our posses
sion. The principal source of the sup
ply until very recent times has been
he deposits of sand and gravel form
ing the deltas of mountain streams
»nd lining their banks near their
source. These gravel deposits and
sandbars through which the gold is
• isseminated are called "placers."
Placer mining consists In separating
he gold from the worthless ma
priaL through which it is dis
t minated, and it is carried on by a
•;iriety of processes in which water
akc-s a prominent part. The gold, be
npr heavier than almost any other tna
:erial, sinks to the bottom when agi
:at<?d in water, where It is found con
centrated after the removal of the
ighter material.
One of the earliest sources from
which gold was obtained was in the
bed of the Rion River, which coming
down from the Caucasus Mountains
empties into the Black Sea near Ba
tum. This was the celebrated region
lo which the Greeks resorted in early
times in search of the golden fleece,
¦.vhich now supposed to be nothing
else than a fleece of wool which had
'>etn F^rcad over the bottom of the
i'ion River, where the current swept
ilong a small amount of sand and
(Travel iti which particles of gold were
intermingled. The gold, being heavier
:han the gravel, kept closest to the bot
tom, to that the particles became en
iangled in the meshes of the fleece and
i bus it became "golden" in more than
a figurative sense. This mode of min
inp: < known as the GInsley process) is
still practiced and is the most efficient
way of getting fihe particles of gold
disseminated through a great body of
sand. A stream of the gold-bearing
rand is kept moving over a long stretch
of felt cloth by a current of water,
which carries away the sand, but per
mits the gold to be caught in the meshes
of the cloth, which after being shaken
for successive times to set free the
particles cf gold is finally burned, so
as to extract the entire amount that
has been entangled.
But in the more common placer mines
the gold Is found in bean-shaped
nodules of all e'.z**;— from tho«e scarce
ly perceptibie to the naked eye up to
those -which weigh twenty or thirty
pounds, and in some rases even one
hundred pounds, one such mass having
been found in the Ural Mountains in
1642 and being now preserved in the
museum at St. Petersburg. In the rich
placers an immense amount of grold has
been extracted by the familiar hand
l>roc«5s known as "panning." from
which there comes our expressive
phrase "pan out." The gravel Is shov
eled into a pan with flaring edges,
r.hich is heSd under a stream of water
and skillfully keut in motion by hand
and shaken so that the lighter material
is carried over the edge of the pan and
the heavier minerals left at the bottom..
But i;» gravel banks consisting of
rr.-arscr material, with a smaller pro-
PC'itlonai amount " of gold inclosed,
•ttbfcr more effective devices are resort
ed to for securing the separation. Often
a j<rt of water under great hydraulic
pressure is «!irected through the nozzle
of a "hose air.ainst a gravel bank, disin
fgratir.R it and washing it dor.nto
i«>w*r-l*vels; in ublch process. Uic ma
terial is swopt throush a flume with
» -rough bottom, into tire crevice? of
which the sold settles while the gravel
and pebbles are r,wept beyond. After
n. suIHcicnt length of time the flume <«
e'eared out and tlie gold collected froru
the bottom.
Qit#-tjt!me* the rivers^ themselves
prow to be the best hydraulic agencies
for ¦ separating the cold. As thes-f
mountain ftrenms wear atray the
gravel- torraces upon their banks they
<-arry the lijrtiter material to lower
levels, while the go!d . is caught in
peckets and holes that cover the bottom
of the stream. '
But the gold found in placer rhinos
lias etl! been derived from quartz veins
vhich. rominEr up from the depths of
lh«! earth, penetrate to the surface
through rocks of nearly every geaiogic
jige. Tlie process of quartz mining 13
little el*-? than a repetition of .what.na
ture has been doing through untold
as** In providing Ui» deposits fo:m<l
ia Jfcc ploc«r mines. The quartz eon-
iioM,w),vw worm 01 Koia. -
The profit to be derived from quartz •
mining depends upon a combination of |
conditions, a vein of quartz rich in
gold may be so thin that it will not
pay to work it at great depths. A
rich vein of greater thickness may be !
in euch an inaccessible position that
the cost of working it would be exces
sive. One of the most celebrated ex
amples of a low grade gold bearing
quartz which has been' worked to great '
profit because of its accessibility is the i
Douglas mine, near Juneau, in Sc/uth- j
eastern Alaska. Here, rising from the |
water's edge, is a great mass nf quartz
with a small amount of gold dissemi
nated through it, averaging only about
$2 or $3 a ton. But the quantity is al
most unlimited; the stamping mill is
built close by the wharf; the quartz
is mined from the mountainside im
mediately in the rear and brought down ]
to the uppw stcTy of the mill by grav- j
ity, where stamping machines, moved
by water power, are set to work
upon it.
The final separation of the gold, espe
cially of that which is in fine particles
distributed through the quartz or grav- j
el, has until recently been secured prin
cipally by the use of mercury, which
has strong affinity for it, and when j
mixed with the residuum containing i
gold forms an amalgam, which can be
removed and easily subjected to sep
arate treatment to again free the gold.
But the most remarkable recent ad
vancement in the art of separating gold j
has been by the use of potassium cya- j
nide, which has the advantage of be
ing very cheap and of being able to
be used over and over; while the quartz
for this treatment does not need to be j
bo finely comminuted as for mercury, i
Potassium cyanide dissolves gold, when
the liquid readily yields it up again 1
on being supplied with certain other
compounds for which it has a greater
affinity. Through the use of this meth
od, which was discovered only a few I
years ago, the production of gold is
likely to be increased almost Indefi
nitely, gince ores of much less rich
ness, and indeed immense piles of ref
use discarded by the old process, can
be made to yield a profitable supply of
gold.
The variations in the supply of the
world's stock of gold have been re
markable. At the time of Christ it is
estimated that the total amount of
gold and silver in possession of the
world was worth about $2, 000, 000, 000,
of which we may suppose that one
half was gold, but this stock gradually
diminished, through abrasion, acci
dental loss and use in the ornamental
arts, till in the ninth century it was
reduced to about one-eleventh of that
amount, or to about $200,000,000
worth. To this amount there was lit
tle increase until after the discovery
of America, when the mines of Mex
ico, Chile and Peru began to pour in
their supply to the European market.
Between 14 93 and 1S50 the addition
to the supply of gold from America
was $3,273,600,000, while from 1850
to 1879 the addition was $3,755,
600,000. This great increase in the
supply of gold since 1850 was due
largely to the gold discoveries in Cali
fornia, which were made in 1848.
About the same time there were also
remarkable discoveries of gold in Aus
tralia. From these two sourfces alone
there were in twenty years $2,500,
000,000 worth of gold added to the
stock already in existence; thus nearly
doubling the amount in the posses
sion of the world.
Nor has the production of gold in
the United States diminished in
amount, but rather increased. The
largest production of gold during the
height of early mining Interests in
California amounted to $65,000,000 in
1853. From this the production gradu
ally fell to about $33,000,000 annuil
ly In 1892. Since that time it has in
creased until in 1900 the production
of gold in the United Stages, according
to the last report of its Geological Sur
vey (1901) van $79,171,000, and in
1901 $78,666,700.
At present the United States leads
the world in the production of gold,
while Australia continues to produce
n bout- half the- amount furnished by
the United States. Another growing
center of gold production with un
known future capacities is Siberia,
j where placer mines of immense extent
are found. on the flanks of the Altai
Mountains, In the mountains west ,of
the .Yenisei River about Minusinsk,
near the Chinese border, and east of
Yeniseisk, half way down toward the
Arctic regions. Placer mines of still
greater extent are now worked with
i Immense profit in the almost Inacce3
i siblc headwaters of the Lena River,
J northeast of Lake Baikal, sind fn vari-
I ous mountainous districts bordering
the Amur.
But the most remarkable of all the
recent discoveries of gold are in the
Transvaal, South Africa. Jlere gold
was discovered in small quantities in
1867, or rather it should be said re
discovered, for the whole country is
covered with the remains of prehis
toric mines, which, with considerable
probability, are Identified by Mr. Ham
mond with the mines of Ophir to
which Solomon sent expeditions.' In
18S5 th.e most , sensational gold dis
coveries ever made were those at Wit
•watersrand, in the Transvaal, where ah
I area no larger than the District of
I Columbia was, at the breaking out of
j the Boer -war, furnishing gold at the
• rate of $40;000,000' worth a year. The
j total amount of gold in this single de
j posit is *-««tiTriatcd by Mr. Becker to be
j $3 f 50C',eCO,t>00.
I tsinins the jrold is dug out from the
vein and artistically pulverized under
the action of great stamping machines,
when streams of water are caused to
run over it and separate the gold from
the worthless rrmteriftl very much as
it has be«?ii done in nature by the
mountain streams. * ¦
Through the use of modern 'machin
ery of various sorts it !s now possible
tc follow . these pold-bearing quartz
veins to great depths below the earth's
I surface, thus putting within the reach
of man a supply of gold that was here
tofore unthought of. The celebrated
Comstock vein in Nevada has be^n
mined for a depth of 3100 feet, whtle
a tunnel 50.000 feet long has been dug
to drain the mine. The extreme heat
developed at such depths presents the
greatest difficulty in working th? mine,
\ but It has already yielded more than
I $150,000,000 worth of cold.
AN INTER-AMERICAN ROAD.
party has shown itself to be capable of almost anything,
but I do not think that it will commit the- folly of
throwing this chance away."
Farewell, Judge Parker. Your postoffice address
need not be given if that is the kind of foremost man
agers you have. It is a party capable of almost anything
that the country fears, and not Judge Parker, given name
and* address uncertain. His nomination will not certify
that the party ceases to be capable of almost anything.
The country saw it run away from the strongest man it
ever put' in the White House, and in spite of him try to
bankrupt the treasury, debase'thc currency, destroy the
nation's financial honor and credit, and in the effort
bring on a panic that is remembered with horror by all
who experitneed its rigors. The party "capable of al
most anything" did this against the command and coun
sel of Cleveland, Carlisle, Bayard, Gray, Lindsay, Pal
mer, Vilas and every general of division and corps com
mander in the part}', and even* of the captains of tens
and of hundreds and the file closers and truncheon men.
With that history does a*ny one pretend that the colorless
and impalpable personality of Judge Parker will hold it
in check?
His foremost manager has shown that he shares the
country's estimate and apprehension of the party, which
no nominee can change or reassure.
A number of humane citizens of the
capital citv of Mexico are experiencing
difficulties in forming a society for the
prevention of cruelty to animals. Amer
ican residents had for a long time been
talking of forming an organization for
the relief of the sufferings of their
dumb friends, and had at last succeed
ed in interesting several prominent
Mexicans In the project. A meeting
was called and the scheme was thor
oughly discussed. The consensus of
opinion was that a humane society
should be formed. It was thought that
recognition of the work by the authori
ties would be an excellent advertise
ment of the new organization and that
it would also awaken the interest of the
masses. A committee was appointed to
wait on" the Mayor of the City of Mex
ico. The Mayor welcomed his visitors
with open arms and listened attentively
to their outline of the proposed work.
At last he stated that he fully ap
proved of the scheme and thought that
it would prove of immense benefit to
the municipality. He was then In
formed that there was a lack of suffi
cient funds to give the work a proper
start. He knitted his brows for a mo
ment and then exclaimed, "I have it,
gentlemen; we will have a grand bull
fight—the best that the city has seen in
years. The proceeds will be used for
the benefit of the new society."
The humane citizens have decided to
gather the necessary funds by soliciting
contributions.
A Poor Beginning.
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY. MARCH 15, 190-1.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ....... ... Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <iHli!§!&> - Third and Market Streets, S. P.
TUESDAY • ........' '.. . • -MARCH 15, 1904
What a Jap Thought.
It Is both Interesting and important
to know at this juncture what is the
Japanese opinion of the Englishman.
Here it is, as written by a Japanese:
"The England which occupied of the'
largest and greatest dominion which
rarely can be. The Englishman works
with a J very powerful hands and the
long legs and even the emineneed mind,
his chin is so strong as deserved Iron.
8
Special Information supplied dally t^
business bouses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal- •
lfornla street. Telephone Main 1942. •
TownseritTs California since frntts and
candies. 50c a pound, tn artistic are-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market at., above Call hldg.*. Dr. Howard ; Herrington .; hasN removed }
his office, from 467 Geary street i to' No. '
21 Powell street, rooms 16 and 17. • '
WASHINGTON, March 14.— In the >
Supreme Court of the United States*
to-day Solicitor General Hoyt moved
for leave to file a petition to intervene
in the case of the State of Kansas;
against the State of Colorado and a!
number of irrigation companies of the :
latter State to restrain them from tak- j
ing water out of the Arkansas River, j
which rises in Colorado and flows i
through Kansas. ~~<^
Attacks Irrigation Companies.
ALTURAS. ; March 12.— Abijah Ca
how, Supervisor of the Third District!
in' this county, died this morning from '
a stroke of paralysis sustained a year j
ago.; He was a native of Iowa and J
leaves a wife and three children. Ca- j
how had r lived near Castle Crag for
thirty years. J'.
Modoe County Supervisor Dies.
SEATTLE, Wash.. March 14.— A pe
tition has been presented by the Pa
cific Coast Lumber Manufacturers' As
sociation to the Great Northern, North
ern Pacific and Burlington roads, ask
ing for a 'reduction to 40 cents on the
rate for lumber from the coast to Mis
souri River points.'. Two thousand Mis
souri River yardmen, hundreds , of
Northwestern shippers, manufacturers
and bankers and 919 lumber mills join
in asking the rate.
Want Rate on Lumber Reduced.
LONG BEACH, Marco 14.— Major
R. R. Dunbar, a prominent citizen of
this place' and formerly of Carnegie
and Clarion, Pa.,, is dead at his home
here. ; "";•';-
Death Calls Major Dunbar.
Maud E. Packard was well and
favorably ..known in theatrical circles
in this city. She. was one of the mem
bers of the original Frawley company,
which opened the; Columbia Theater,
and became a popular^ favorite Un In
genue roles. Miss Packard, was an ac-
NEW YORK, -March 14.— Maud Ei
Packard, a native of California, known
on the stage as Maud Winters, is
dead at her home here from:consump
tion. She" had been identified with'
several weir known organizations and
was an actress of unusual promise. ¦
Consumption.
California Actress Falls a VJctim to
MAUD E. PACKARD DEAD.
Storm Damages Government Works.
"PORTLAND. Or.. March 14.— A spe
cial to the Oregonian from Aberdeen.
Wash., says:
- The recent storms have cleared off all
the false work on the Government Jetty
at thf? mouth of Grays Harbor. There
is still a mile of the jetty to be finished
and if this Is done new false work
must be put in. The total loss to the
Government by the Inroads upon the
improvement is $100,000.
ELKO, Nev., March 14. — C. C. Bre
dow, en route from Winona, Minn., to
Los Angeles, was found dead in a Pull
man berth here on train No. 3 this
afternoon. Nearly $300 was found on
Dies in Pullman Berth.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March
14. — Dr. Thomas A. Storey, Stanford,
'96, assistant professor of hygiene,
and Fred L. Berry, '99, of San Fran
cisco, have been chosen directors of
the Stanford training-house corpora
tion to succeed Milnor Roberts. '99.
and Ralph S. Fisher, ex- f 02, who have
resigned.
The training-house corporation was
formed for the purpose of securing
adequate training quarters for the
Stanford athletes and has gathered
several thousand dollars toward the
agreement to hold all intercollegiate
agreement to hold all Inter-collegiate
contests on the two college fields the
work of the training-house directors
has become of vital importance.
New Training Directors Chosen.
SAN RAFAEL, March ll.-^C. H.
McClure. who was liberated from San
Quentln prison this morning, will Ve
taken back to Columbus, Ohio, to ex
plate a crime committed ' nearly a
score of years ago. McClure has been
in California prisons for several years
and is a well known crook. When he
was liberated this morning United
States Marshal Shine rearrested him
and took him to San Francisco.
M<rChire Is Rcnrrested.
NEW YORK, March 12. — The fol
lowing Californians are registered in
New York: From San Francisco — O. P.
Downing, at the New Amsterdam; H.
C. Hickman and Mrs. Musgrave, K at the
Grand Union; R. J. Jose and wife, at
the Marlborough; O. J. Morgan and
wife, at the Everett; M. Silverberg, at
the Earlington, and O. N. Hall, at the
Holland. From Los Angeles — Mrs. C.
W. Boleux, at the Astor, and M. Isaacs,
at the Herald Square.
Californians in New York.
Mr. Bonnemort was one of the pio
neer mining men of the Pacific Coast
and was associated with Mackay,
Flood, Fair and others during the
early days of the Comstock. He re
tired from active business several
years ago, but still held an interest in
a number of mines.
OAKLAND, March 14. — Charles
Milton Bonnemort, a well known min
ing man, who has resided in Oakland
for the last twenty-five years, died to
day at his home, 955 Jackson street,
at the age of 71 years. The deceased
was a native of Massachusetts and
leaves a wife and six children, Mrs.
M. B. Gillean. Mrs. E. D. Pissis,
Charles N., Edgar, Miss J. J. and Eva
Bonnemort.
Former Associate of California Bo
naza Kings Passes Away.
PARIS, March 14. — Former Pre
mier "Waldeck-Rousseau, after three
months' dangerous sickness, has gone
to the Riviera ' to convalesce. -It is
now believed he will entirely recover.
Rousseau Is Convalescing.
CHARLES M. -BONXEMORT DEAD.
ST. PAUL, Minn., March 14. — The
Government's victory In the Northern
Securities Company case does not end
the litigation.' There still remains on
the docket the appeal of the State of
Minnesota from the decision of Judge
Lochran. There are different princi
ples of law involved. A~ decision will
determine whether the Federal courts
can be appealed to in order to prevent
outside corporations from violating
the laws of a State.
Minnesota Merger Case.
compllshed and beautiful girl and her
initial efforts in the dramatic profes
sion called forth much praise from
the managers. Mrs. F. Packard,
mother of the actress, is a former resi
dent of this city and removed to New
York City about fifteen years ago,
where she now. conducts .a dramatic
agency at 1368 Broadway.
FRESNO, March 14.— "Coroner Jay of
Madera received a telegram from Ray
mond this afternoon telling him to
bring two coffins and to hold an In
quest over the remains of two miners
who were killed In the Gambetta mine
at Grub Gulch last Saturday afternoon.
The men, whose names have not been
learned, were working at the 200-foot
level, when the mine caved In. ! The
bodies were recovered. Distance from
telephone or telegraph communication
makes it hard to get particulars.
Miners Killed by Cave-in.
NAPA, March 14. — The preliminary
examination of Clarence Smith,
charged with breaking into the saloon
of D. C. WttUs of Calistoga a short
time ago, was held to-day at Calistoga.
District Attorney Benjamin appeared
for the people. The defendant was
not represented by counsel. The tes
timony went to show that at about 11
o'clock at night Smith entered the
saloon and started to steal liquor. H»
was captured in the act by ¦Willis and
William Foss. Justice Ashton held
Smith to answer "for burglary before
the Superior Court. His bonds were
fixed at $1000. He was returned to
Jail in default of bail.
Held to Answer for Burglary.
MACON, Ga., March 14.— A special
from Americus, Ga., says that Judge
Littlejohn ordered the Americus Light
Infantry to proceed to Preston, county
seat of Webster County, to protect two
white men, Henry Morgan and Sidney
Harrell, from lynching at the hands of
infuriated citizens. The prisoners are
charged with burning the town of
Preston yesterday. "','".
Troops Out to Stay Lynchers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
14.— The cast for the Junior farce,
which will be given by the class of
1905, on the evening of March 24 has
been announced by the commit
tee. Among its members are some of
the cleverest of the college players, and
it is- expected' that this year's Junior
farce will be a thorough success in
every, way. The play Is entitled "The
Man from Mizzoury," and was written
by Merle H. Thorpe '05.
Farce Committee at Stanford An
nounces the Cast for the Com
ing Play.
CHICAGO, March 14. — All records
for snow in Chicago have been broken
by the storm which began Sunday night
and still continued at midnight. The
total snowfall from the commencement
of the storm until 8 o'clock to-night,
when the Weather- Bureau closed, was
eight inches. It is estimated that the
precipitation from 8 o'clock until mid
night was at least two inches.
The storm badly delayed traffic in the
downtown streets; and on the railroads
comparatively few trains from the
north and west arrived on schedule
time.
Record-Breaking Storm Covers Ave
nues of Windy City With White
Mantle Eight Inches Deep.
SNOW BLOCKADES TRAVEL
OX STREETS OF CHICAGO
CLASS OF '05 TO PLAY
"3IAN FROM MIZZOURY"
PIKS KEALTY FiniT— Suit hu be*n
brought . i •-..-:.-! G. H. Utnbi««n by Louia Ph.
Botandsr ?f »ss:<mpe of nmilie C. McLean to
r--"ovfr *2CT& cr.fgrd to have been deposited
Edward MIrkle Miles Passes Away in
Emmitsburg, Md., From Paralysis-
Edward Mickle Miles, a gentleman
well known in San Francisco from
1859 to 1889, died in Emmitsburg,
Md., February 23 of paralysis, with
which he was stricken February 14, at
at the age of 61, having been born
in Baltimore in 1S4S. He leaves a
widow, eldest daughter of Major Ring
old, U. S. A.; three sons and a daugh
ter, all natives of San Francisco, but
now residing in the East.
Mr. Miles was for many years in the
employ of the Spring Valley Water
Company, eventually becoming its sec
retary, after which he was a member
of the San Francisco Stock Exchange
until his removal to New York with
his family in 18S9. He was one of
the early Sacramento-street members
of the Bohemian Club, if not one of
its founders.
His jovial disposition, cordial hos
pitality, genial manner and smiling
face will not easily be forgotten by
the large circle of friends he made in
California, to whom and their fortun
ate clime his heart always turned af
fectionately from his later Maryland
residence.
Mrs. Miles will remove to New York
to reside with her daughter, Mrs.
Houston of 500 Fifth avenue.
FORMER SAX FRANCISCAN DIES.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
14.— Professor James Parker Hall, for
merly professor of law at Stanford
and for the past two years professor
at the Chicago University Law School,
has been chosen dean of the latter
school to Bucceed Dean Beale, who will
return to his position at Harvard Law
School at the end of the spring quarter.
Professor HaU became associate pro
fessor in the Stanford law department
in 1900 and" during his two years here
made himself one of the most popular
members of the Stanford faculty, both
with his colleaeues and with the law
students.
Honors for Stanford Professor.
TUCSON, Arix., March 14.— Judge W.
J. Davis to-day appointed Colonel Epes
Randolph and Gust A. Hoft as joint
receivers of all the interests of the
firm of L. Zeckendorf & Co., commer
cial, real estate and mining. This is
the oldest and largest mercantile house
in Arizona. It has been in existence
forty years and its estimated assets is
$1,000,000. An estrangement of the part
ners, L. Zeckendorf and Albert Steln
feld, is responsible for the action of the
court, both having applied for the ap
pointment of. a receiver. The breach
between the two partners, it is said,
had been growing for the last two years
and the final break came. in a disagree
ment over the sale of a- silver mine.
TACOMA. Wash., March 14.— Charles
D. Lane and Louis Lane are extending
their mining operations into British
Yukon. A dispatch from Skagway saya
that the Arctic Chief copper mine at
White Horse has been purchased by J.
H. Conrad, a Montana copper man.
representing himself and the Lanes.
The price is stated to be $30,000. The
vendors ars Captain John Irvinjr of
Victoria and William Clark, who have
been shipping ore for several months to
the Tacoma smelters. The Arctic Chief
has a ledge of medium grade copper
ore and is located several miles from
White Horse. Conrad left Skagway
several months ago for Juneau, where
he is to meet Louis Lane, going thence
to Montana. He will return to White
Horse in April and begin operations.
While at White Horse Conrad bought
eight claims on Bullion Creek and will
later send In men and supplies to work
them, last year Lane and Conrad
purchased a number of promising: cop
per claims on Prince of Wales Island,
near Ketchikan.
Special EH«patfh to Th* Ca!T
" 'The decision is sound law, good
sense and for -the advantage of all
legitimate interests and for the coun
try's welfare and it voices the Judg
ment of probably nine-tenths of the
most conservative business men of the
country.* "
WASHINGTON. March A 4.^ — Attor
ney General Knox, being asked con
cerning the merger decision, said:
"My views of the decision cannot be
better expressed than in' the language
of one of the best known railroad
presidents in the United States upon
the occasion of the decision in favor of
the Government in the court below.
He said:
Attorney General Knox Reiterates
Opinion of Railroad President. .
DECISION IS SOUXD LAW.
Californians Plan to Extend
Their Operations North
ward Into British Yukon
Firm of L. Zeckendorf & Co.,
E icliest Concern in Ari
zona, Is to Be Dissolved
LANES BUYING
MORE MINES
MILLIONS WILL
GO TO RECEIVER
Bltd passing through the spine. The
boys heard his cries and went to his
r.Ffisinnre. He will die. Old settlers
are frightened. They say the Indian
'.ribp may retaliate with treachery'
r.vA the?e boys will, one by one, b«
mystrricufly ?hot from the bush. The
? f tt!ers in the valley would in that
case be compelled to exterminate the
tribe.
YUMA. Ariz.. March 14. — A Cocapah
Indian from a tribe living near the
mouth of the Colorado River across
the Mexican border was brought to
town this morning, fatally wounded.
Some young sons of a prominent
rancher living fourteen miles down
the valley were shootins at a target
with a Ji-caliber rifle. The Indian,
riding toward Yuma, but hidden by
the o>r»se brush, came into range and
was hit by a stray shot, the bullet
striking near th» small of the back
Aocidmt at Targft I*rartice Results
Fatally stnd Settlors Now Fear
Wratli of Tribe.
SHOOTS AN INDIAN*
LAD BY MISTAKE
Mr.- Kruttschnitt stated that twenty
five of the forty new heavy consolida
tion locomotives ordered some time ago
by the company are now* between Og
den and Sacramento on their way to
the coast, where they are to be imme
diately placed in service on the heavy
grades of the Sierra Nevada Mountains,
the Siskiyou, Tehachapi and other
steep-grftded portions of the system.
Regarding the projected transformation
of the local system; in Oakland Into an
electric road, Mr. . Kruttschnitt said
that no definite , plans have yet been
decided on, but the matter Is receiving
the attention of the company.
General Manager Kruttschnitt has
Just returned from a visit to New York,
and came west by way of the Lucin
cut-off, over -which the company has
begun to operate freight trains. Upon
being asked yesterday when the com
pany expected .to operate passenger
trains regularly over the cut-off he
said: \
"No definite time has been settled on.
The fact is that the construction de
partment is still engaged in operating
work trains over the new line. A great
deal of filling in has yet to be done
along the immense length of trestle, as
was done along the trestle to the Oak
land mole, and to clear the tracks sev
eral times each day for the passage of
passenger trains would consume much
time of the construction department.
Therefore we have decided not to at
tempt to operate our passenger service
over the cut-off until all work has been
completed, which may be some time."
E- O. McCormiek left here for New
Orleans several nights ago unexpect
edly, in response to a telegram from
Traffic Director Stubbs. It was re
ported yesterday that Mr. McCormiek
has had the offer of promotion under
consideration for several weeks, but
only consented to accept it about ten
days ago. He is regarded as one of
the most popular men in the trans
continental railroad service. He rap
idly made friends in this city and his
leave taking will be deeply regretted
by those that enjoyed his association,
both in a business and social way.
Charles S. Fee, nho succeeds Mr. Mc-
Cormiek as passenger traffic manager
of the Southern Pacific Company, is
well known In the Western railroad
world. He has been connected with the
Northern Pacific Railway Eince 1877,
trhen he became chief clerk _to the
manager of the company. Previous to
that he was chief clerk to the man
ager of the" Hannibal and St. Joseph
Road and secretary to the general su
perintendent of the Michigan Central.
He was appointed to the position of
passenger and ticket agent of the
Northern Pacific Railway in 18S3. It
was stated yesterday that Mr. Stubbs
will probably come west from New Or
leans. ¦; /'
"Mr. Stubbs has long felt the need
of another assistant in his offlce in
Chicago and his expressed wishes re
garding the selection of Mr. McCor
mick have been gratified. Mr. Stubbs
and Mr. McCormJck are now In New
Orleans, where they are attending to
several railroad matters. The change
here will take effect on April 1, by
which time it is expected that Mr. Fee
will be here."
Mr. McCormick's successor here Is to
be Charles S. Fee of St. Paul, who is
at present general passenger and
ticket agent of the Northern Pacific
Railway. The news of E. O. McCor
mick's promotion was a pleasant sur
prise to his many friends in the local
railroad world and will b<? received
v.-ith deep interest by the large circle
of acquaintances he has made during
his comparatively short stay in San
Francisco. Discussing the changes
yesterday. General Manager Julius
Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pacific
Company, who grave out the informa
tion, said:
The announcement was officially
made yesterday at the Southern Pa
cific ofScefl that E. O. McCormlck, pas
senger traffic manager of the company,
has been promoted to the position of
assistant traffic director of the Har
riman lines and will enter upon his
duties in the Chicago office of Traffic
Director Stubbs on April 1.
Will Be Succeeded Here by
Charles S. Fee of the
Nor. hern Pacific.
E. O. McCORMICK. WHO HAS
BEEN PROMOTED ANT) HIS
SUCCESSOR, CHAS. S. FEE.
On arriving In San Francisco Mr.
Badger began a wholesale clothing
business, in which he was engaged
until the year 1877. While he was in
the clothing business he was deemed
the most prominent and popular mer
chant in this city, and all who trans
acted business with him -held him in
high esteem as a straightforward and
honest business man.
William Badger was a member of the
Vigilance Committee, Exempt Firemen,
Territorial Pioneers, Chamber of Com
merce, Mercantile Library, Odd Fel
lows and Knights Templar and was
for many years president of the Bunker
Hill Association. He was at one time
a member of the Board of Education
and of the Industrial School Board.
Mr. Badger's life was always devoted
to good deeds and for many years some
of the largest firms in this city, when
in need of young men. made it a point
to take those recommended by him. Mr.
Badger was devoted to young men and
was always most popular with them.
The deceased was at the time of his
death one of the directors of the George
Caswell Company, tea and spice im
porters, on Sacramento street. He was
82 years of age.
William G: Badger, one of San Fran
cisco's earliest settlers and who was
loved by all that knew him, died at the
home of George W. Caswell early yes
terday, morning, after a short attack of
pneumonia. t
Mr. Badger was born at Charlestown,
Mass., in 1S22. He lived in that State
until 1850, when he migrate'd to Cali
fornia, where he remained up to the
time of his death.
Pioneer Passes Away After
a Short Attack of
Pneumonia.
WILLIAM G. BADGER, WHO
DIED % AT HIS HOME ¦ IN
THIS CITY.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— The spe
cial committee appointed to investigate
charges against Senator Dietrich of
Nebraska resumed its hearings this aft
ernoon. William Dutton of Hastings
was called and asked by Senator Hoar
whether he had ever had a conversa
tion with a U. S. Rohrer of Hastings
regarding the appointment of Mr. Hahn
as deputy Postmaster under Fisher and
whether he had said that it would take
$500 to bring about h;s appointment.
Dutton emphatically stated that he had
never talked to Rohrer about the mat
ter, and did not know that Hahn was
a candidate.
Senator Dietrich took the stand. and
at his request was sworn, although
Chairman Hoar stated that the prac
tice at t the Senate had been not to
swear a Senator, on the, theory that
all Senators had equal rights in that
body. In reply to Senator Hoar he
first reviewed his elections as Governor
end as Senator, and in answer to Sena
tor Hoar said: "I have never received
a cent for the appointment of Jacob
Fisher as Postmaster." Then the Sena
tor told of his relation with Jacob Fish
er and how he came to recommend him
for Postmaster.
Senator Dietrich said that while he
was Governor he had made a contract
with the Postoffice Department for the
rent of the Dietrich building, at $1700.
This contract was made with Post
master General Smith. He heard of
protests regarding the rent to be paid
and told Jacob Fisher that he would
take $1300 for the building, although
he felt that he ought not to pay for
the fixtures. Fisher responded that he
would pay for them. Dietrich declared
that Jacob Fisher would have been
Postmaster no matter where the post
office might have/been located. He de
nied that the deed of the postoffice
property was made to his daughter so
that he could lease -his building to the
Government.
In reply to a question from Senator
Hoar, Senator Dietrich said that never
directly or indirectly had the question
of money been suggested to any can
didate or applicant for any position
while he was Governor or Senator, and
said he had never received directly or
indirectly a cent for any appointment
he had made; nor, had he ever expected
a cent from any one so appointed. He
said that when the money that had
been received by his daughter from Ja
cob Fisher for the rent of the back
room was returned to Fisher and Fran
cis he (Dietrich) paid the amount
his daughter's account at the bank be
ing overdrawn. Dietrich also denied
having had a conversation with Fisher
in which the subject of paying $14,000
for. Thompson's expenses came up.
The committee adjourned to meet
Wednesday. ,
Avers He Is Guiltless of
Any Attempt to Get Rich
at Expense of Government
WASHINGTON, March 14.—Secre
tary Taft was beard to-day by the
House Committee on Insular Affairs on
the pending bill "to provide for the
more efficient administration of civil
government in the Philippines."
Previous to the hearing Chairman
Cooper read to the committee a cable
gram sent by Secretary Taft, March 2,
abrogating the Bates treaty between
the United States and the Sultan of
Sulu and his dattos. The cablegram
says:
"ill view of the failure on the part of
the Sultan and the signing dattos to
discharge the duties and fulfill the con
ditions imposed upon them by said
agreement they forfeited all right to
the annuities therein stipulated to ,be
paid them and to all other considera?
tions due them under the agreement;
the treat}' is abrogated and held for
naught, and as residents of the Moro
province, in the Philippines Archipel
ago, they are subject to the laws en
acted therein under the sovereignty of
the United States."
The Secretary said this action was
taken because disturbances in the Jolo
group indicated that the Moros had
violated the terms . of the treaty.
Prompt action was taken in preference
to referring the matter to Congress,
because of the continuation of the dis
turbances. President Roosevelt was
consulted and approved the action.
Secretary Taft told the committee
that he had received a cablegram to
day from General Wade stating that
General Wood reported that on account
of the anti-slavery proclamation the
Morofi of the Rio Grande del Mindanao
district had risen, and that this armed
force had been met and defeated with
no American loss, but with consider
able loss to the Moros. A considerable
number of small cannon was captured
from the Moros in the engagement.
Representative Crumpacker Imme
diately drafted a substitute for the
Patterson bill abrogating the treaty,
providing that the action of the Presi
dent and Secretary of War taken on
March 2, 1904, unqualifiedly abrogating
the Bates treaty, be confirmed and ap
proved. Secretary Taft approved this,
but the committee decided to defer its
action on the matter, desiring to hear
Sacretary Taft on the railroad prob
lem in the islands.
Assault on American Troops
by Savage Moros Causes
Attack on Bates' Covenant
ITS TERMS VIOLATED
SWEAES TO INNOCENCE
lodged in the County Jail, where h»
will be held pending further inquiries.
vould never associate with his fellow
workrr^n, who claim that he is an an
archist and desperado. Farino has been
SALINAS. March 14.— A dastardly at
tempt to kill six Japanese was reported
from Del Monte last night to Sheriff
Xesbitt.* Cn March 7 the Southern Pa
cific Company discharged its section
crew oX six Italians, working between
•Jastrovillt- and Pacific Grove, and sub-
Fiituted Japanese laborers. Five of thf
Italians took their time, -received their
money and left for the south, but the
other still loitered near Del Monte.
Saturday night about 11 o'clock a
loud explosion startled the residents of
Del Monte and Monterey. An investi
gation showed that the bunk house oc
cupied by the Japanese had been total
ly demolished by giant povrder or dy
namite. The occupants were thrown a
great distance and four of the numbc
were badly bruised. Detective P. Lewm
of the Southern Pacific and Sheriff
Nesbitt went to the scene and waited
till this morning. They discovered
tracks leading to and from a cabin oc
cupied by one Farino. It was learnei
that Farino had tK-en seen in posses
sion of several sticks of giant powder,
lie had also been heard frequently tc
utter threats to kill the Japanese out
of revenge for having been displaced
by them. A short search resulted ia
the arrest cf Farino, who at first de
rued that he knew what giant powder
was or that he had been near the cabin..
Upon pressure he admitted that the
tracks found were his, and that he had
been near the house about the time of
the explosion.
Farino is a swarthy Italian and has
been working for the railroad as a
section hand about fifteen years. Ha
Prisoner Said to Have Made
Threats Against Laborers
Who Supplanted Old Crew
NAKKOW ESCAPE OF MEN
Actions of the Jolo Island
ers Provoke Hostile Dis
cussion of the Agreement
Senator Dietrich Says He
Never Received Any Cash
From XebraskaPostmaster
DENIES TAKING
FISHER'S MONEY
SULU TREATY
IS IN DANGER
Discharged Italian Section-
Hand Accused of Explod
ing Iiviiamite Under Cabin
TRIES TO KILL
SIX JAPANESE
E. O. McCORMICK
TO BE STUBBS'
NEW ASSISTANT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1904.
HAND OF DEATH
IS LAID UPON
WILLIAM BADGER
9
GRAPE-HUTS.
"Rough and
Ready" Food
That's wonderful
Rough in shape (that's
to give the teeth work
and bring down the sa-
liva) and
Ready to go
into the system
and make
Muscle, Brain
and Nerves.
; Over two million
; meals of Grape-
Nuts eaten everj^
! dayandnofailures.
••There's a Reason."
Get the little book '"The
Road to Wellville," in
each pkg.
ADVEB.TISE3EEXT3.
$6- 00 j~}
peplar Price Is 89.001
H Very strongly made. All \
Y\ heavy brass trimmings. Two n
If extra trayju -Just the sort of a
. H trunk to take on trip to the 1
I Positively the jfreatest trunk I
1 ' value to.be found on the coast, f
A A. B SMITH CO. |
% 128-132 Ellis St., *T)OT« PawU, I
(^3^' SAH nAXOXMCO. J ¦
t _ PATTOSIEX'S.
r.» «w J11JI». j^jum ¦" " "" ~ *~ " — — — — — — — n
| PATTOSIEN'S I
I RETIRING SALE % I
I RANGE IBff I
I for $22^2 2pfe^J
1 Downtown Price $3600 1
0 We couldn't replace these U
|j Because we are retiring w
H from business and must sell Regal Range ||
H at anv Once. Adapted to *ny kltchon; two sixes. 1« »n& ff
H ' 20 Inch ovens, ornamented with nlcke! t 1 }
Si It's an ODDOrtUnitV for the wor , k ; t>e*ts quickly and «venly; bakes as l\
ga iisdii \j\j\>KJi luiiilv iui me wp || on topmoet slide as on *\
SS lii-iiicr>w;f*» ¦ it'c 9 cnart far bottom: large ashpit and pan; #H^k. <^ *¦!
Si nOUSewiie, US a Snap lOr either flat or duplex STatelta- V^T H
§S tUa emil! at™-* A^n}^r Mallment combine's price ts |^ w f H
M the small sto\e-aeaier. % lac.oo for thts Btove; our pne* fJJfcsifcj H
B " — — — — — — — — - — — • #!
¦ jg Connected to Your Boiler. [|
|j now offering our immense P
1 1 stock of Furniture and Car- |
: fcf pets at one-half downtown Wt^^^^^^^^^l H
m You. will never again be Jm 5L H
|j able to buy a Richmond & u
1 Range for $30. Richmond Ran^e &
I COR. 16th einc* 7VYIS&IOIN STS. n
R Any car is a car for Pattosien's |jWASHINGTON. March 14. — President
Roosevelt to-day 'signed 5 the consular appro
priation bill, the first of ' the big supply ; bills
to become a law.' He i also signed an act au
thorizing ball In criminal - cases on appeal? in
the courts of Indian Territory. • ;^
LOS ANGELES, March 14.— There
are no new developments in the case
of Captain Dillon of the Los Angeles
ball team' but the baseball enthusiasts
fear that he will not be allowed' to
play here. Manager Morle'y; left for
San Francisco ; to-night to attend a
meeting of the schedule committee
and to bring about a definite settle
ment of the Dillon matter.
DlH6n Affair Worries . Morley.
SAN JOSE, March 14.— Frank Ba
con, the actor, who has been touring
the State and East in "The Hills of
California," has purchased a ten-acre
orchard .home near Mountain View.
The place is in bearing prunes and
peaches. Before he became known on
the stage . Bacon conducted 'a weekly
newspaper at Mountain View. -Bacon
and ' his family will take possession of
the place at once.; They will spend all
their vacations at the orchard home
and .eventually settle down and enjoy
a pastoral life, - ._ .- -^:
Actor tooks Forward to Time When
He Will Locate at Jloun
tain;View.
FRANK. BACON BUYS
A TEX- ACRE ORCHARD
Tiret race— Captivate, Comtellator,
Clausus.
Second race— -Saccharato, Velna, Dlx
elle. "
Third race— Fllle d'Or, Mr. Single, The
Pretter.
i Pourth race— Hainault, Anirad, Ax
minster.
Fifth race— KenUwbrth, Sad Sam/Al
bula.
Sixth race— Olympian, Venator, Sooth
sayer.
PROBABLE WINKEKS.
- SUES RAILROAD. — Frank Kan* la mine
the Southern Pacifies Company for $2&000 dam
ages for injuries he sustained by being erastied
by a car on Kiss street. \
WASHINGTON, March 14. — Chief Justice
Fuller to-dav announced an adjournment of
the Supreme Court of the United States for a
fortnight from next Monday.
TUCSON, Ariz., March 14. — Word
was received here Jto-day from Guay
maa, Mexico, telling of the death of
J. H. Ing of this city, a conductor on
the International branch of the South
ern Pacific. His body waa found
floating in the bay. \
Conductor's Body Found.
VENTURA, March 14. — Louis RSeSv
ards committed suicide here to-day by
shooting himself in the head with a
revolver. Richards had been an in
mate of the County Hospital recently,
but when his affairs were investigated
by the officers after his death It •was
found that he owned the lot and resi
dence in which he lived and had con
siderable money in the bank. No
cause is known for the suicide.
Louis Richards, Although -Wealthy,
Shoots Himself Apparently With
out Cause.
MYSTERIOrS SUICIDE
OP VENTURA CTTTZEN
Hayes; San N'icholas. br. h., 6, by Reggie-
Virginia Dare, $1600, H. Bell.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Six and a half furlonrs; four
year-olds and up; celling:
((UWS)Captivate (Blanch! & C°->--; fx;
6327 •Constcllator (Keating & Co.) 105
C201 Adirondack (Shannon) i»«
632« 'Maraschino (Smith) »» ;
(328 »Idogo (McCafferty) ]™\
C182 Clausus (Ryan) 1(w
Second race— Four furlongs; four-year-old
maiden flllios; purse:
C2R7 Mildred B (Schreiber).. "-
S«55 Del Carina (Smith)..., "-
Vel (Shaw) « u -
Red Iron— Lulu IV.
6787 Pirelki (Miller) })®
C.292 Mlzpah (Summers).... »"'
GSM Lady Nlnot;a (Harris) l"« |
62C7 Abba (Alhambra Stable) "-
Emily Callahan (Humphrey) 11-
King William-Chartreuse II.
6111 Dlxelle (Dobscn) • J™ I
6183 Saccharate (Napa Stock Farm) 11- i
62«7 Velna (Van Gorden) *" |
Third race— One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and up; selling :
B317 "The Fretter (O'Rourke) 107
6317The Way (Clark) »J>*
6257 Rio Shannon (Coffey) *"*
6317 Mr. Dingle (Tierney)
(030«»)Theodora L. (Smith) ij»i
(5342 Mr. Farnum , (McCafferty) «'
6317 »Fille d'Or (Kenyon), ytf
Fourth race, mile and fifty yards, three
year-olds and up, selling:
6302 The Uusraboo (Eppinger) »»
6283 Axminster (Randall) :"" 2?,
C314 'Miss May Uowdish (Blaslngame). . . *¦£
6307 'Reeves (Ljunasney Bros.) »»
(6201)*Hulford (Stover) «
G295 'First Chip (Fitzeerald) .; 105
(CS04)Davld 8 (Stanfleld) ; J"7
C330 'Halnault (Thomas & Reavey) 102
6257 Horton (Biancht & Co.) 107
6291 Anirad (Coffer) "J
6271 Scherzo (Hamilton Stable) 99
Fifth race, six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up, handicap:
(t524O)Sad Sam (Green) JJ5
(0318)Arabo (Jenninss) ••• j£°
I 6318 Kenllworth (Stover) ij-1
I 6318 Albula (Lamasney Bros.) 99
Ocean Dream (Twyman) ii»
«19ft Keherin (Schorr) »'
6330 Muresca (Miller) • • • • • 03
Sixth race, five and a half furlones, four
year-olds and up; purse:
6303 Soothsayer (Lamasney Bros.) .ill
631S Daisy Green (Kyle) JO"
6303 Olympian (Schorr) "-J
6411 Venator (Rowell) i\\
6135 Oronte (Piedmont Stable) 106
•Apprentice allowance.
The following changes in the offices
of the reserve agents of the national
banks of California were made:- First
National Bank, Ontario, A. M. Chaf
fey, second vice president; J. Freden
dall, assistant cashier. First National
Bank of Orbville, W. W. Gingles,
cashier, in place of C. H. Shiveley; C.
W. Putnam, assistant , cashier. First
National Bank of Palo Alto, H. P.
Bennett, assistant cashier.
The following War Department or
ders were Issued: Captain Kdwin B.
Babbitt, relieved from duty in the of
fice of chief of ordnance; he will pro
ceed to San Francisco and take the
transport to sail about April 30, 1904,
for Manila, for duty as chief ord
nance .officer of the division and in
command of Manila ordnance depart
ment. '
A board of officers is 'appointed to
meet at the call of the president there
of at the Presidio for- the examination
of such officers as may be ordered be
fore it to determine, their fitness for.
promotion. , The board is composed
of Major William Stephenson, sur
geon, U. S. A.; Major John Bigelow
Jr., Ninth Cavalry; Captain John T.
Nace, Ninth Cavalry; Captain John B.
Christian, Ninth Cavalry; First Lieu
tenant JEdward P. Rockhill, assistant
surgeon, U. S. A.; Second Lieutenant
Edwin L. Cox, , Ninth Cavalry, re
corder. ,
Second Lieutenant Rowland B. El
lis, Thirteenth Cavalry, will report to
Major William Stephenson, surgeon,
U. S. A., president of the examining
board, at the Presidio wjien required
by the board for examination to de
termine his fitness for promotion.
WASHINGTON, March 14. — Ira E.
Browne was to-day appointed post
master, fourth class, at Prospect
Park, Los Angeles County, vice Ar
thur G. Stephenson, resigned.
David Campbell was appointed jan
itor of the sub-treasury' building at
San Francisco, vice Francis E. Burns,
removed.
Ira E. Browne Succeeds Stephenson
as Postmaster at Prospect Park.
Army Orders.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
MOROS LOSE IX ATTACK
OS KECOXXOITERIXG I-XJKCE
Major General Wood Reports That
Small Body of Troops Repulsed.
Insurgents at Cottabato.
WASHINGTON". March 14. — Acting
Adjutant General Hall has received
the folio winsr cablegram from Major
General Wade, dated Manila, March
13:
•'Major General Leonard Wood re
ports an attack on a reconnoitering
force *»ast of Cottabato by a strong
party of Moros made hostile by the
passage of the anti-slavery law. The
Moros' position vra* shelled and the
Moros flanked and the outworks tak
*>n. They were strong and well con
structed. Many old Spanish cannon
captured, also largre quantity of am
munition and suDplies. No casualties
on our side."
OX SOUTHERN' TRACKS.
Foxy Kane Takes a Six-Furlong Han
dicap at New Orleans.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. March 1*. — Summary:
Vlrft race. Fix furlongs — Shepherd won,
Gerrse Vivian second. Axares third. Time,
Second race, five »nd a half furlongs, sell
ins — Martin won. D^bby May second, Sam
Houston third. Time, 1:08.
Third race, aix furlonrs. selling — Gallawater
mon. Dusky Secret second. Bermuda third.
Time. 1:17.
Fourth race, mile, purse, gentlemen riders —
Kl Caney won. Kitty Clyde second, Broadway
third. Time. 1:48.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Kinc
stelle won. El Giior eecond, Mamselle third.
Sixth race, elx furlongs, selling — IxmlsvUle
won. Pepper Dick second. Countess Clara
third. Time. 1:13&
NEW ORl'EAXs*. March 14.— Crescent City
results:
First race, six furloncs — Frontenac won,
Mrs. Frank Foster second. BoundllnE third.
Time, 1:15 3-5.
Second rac*. five and a half furlonKS — Sneer
won, Macdala eecond, Hobeon's Choice third.
Timr, 1:09.
Third race, handicap, six furlongs— Foxy
Kane won. Bcomlo second, Harmakis third.
Tine. 1:18.
Fourth rac*. the Crescent stake, two-year
old?, four and a half furloncs — Dela\'an won,
Dixie I^idseccnd. Viperine third. Time, :66.
Fifth race, mile — Moderator won. Henry of
Franstamar second, Prince of. Endurance
third. Time. 1:4:».
Sixth race, selling, one and an eighth miles —
Clrcja Girl won. Midshipman second, Jake
Weber third. Tiwe. 1 :57 3-5.
ESCAPES CHARGE OF
VIOLATING THE LAW
Trustee McDonald of Bakersfield, Ac
cused, of Fraud, is Upheld by
Court Ruling.
BAKERSFIELD, March 14. — Judge
Bennett to-day sustained the demurrer
to the accusation recently filed against
City Trustee B. McDonald by the late
Grand Jury. The accusation charged
that McDonald bad violated the law by
selling goods to the city while a mem
ber of the Board of Trustees. The de
murrer was sustained on every point,
the court holding that no specific
charge was made In regard to the
goods sold, and that no willful vio
lation of the law was shown and that
euch must be charged before action
looking to removal from office can be
sustained.
It is-understood that no appeal will
b« taken. and the matter is probably
ended. The goods alleged to have been
furnished the city were articles of sta
tionery purchased by the city from
McDonald's store in the same way as
they would have been by. any' other
customer.
PROSECUTORS WILL HAVE
AID OF FAMOUS LAWYER
Oliver Pagin Coming to San Fran
cisco to Take Part in the Timber
Land Fraud Cases.
CHICAGO, March 14. — Oliver Pagin,
formerly assistant to United States
District Attorney Bethea, passed
through Chicago to-day on his way to
San Francisco, where he will help
prosecute the men .recently indicted
for alleged timber land frauds.
Pagin held the position of assistant
Government attorney In Chicago for
many years. A few months ago he
was appointed special assistant to At
torney General Knox. He drew most
of the indictments In the postofflce
scandal and silk fraud cases and later
In the timber land cases. .
BELLJNGHAM, "Wash.. March 14. —
The tug Hope, reported In distress off
"Whidby Island and thought to have
foundered, arrived here to-night.
Captain L. P. Schrugger reports a ter
rible experience while off Partridge
Point. The steerir.g gear broke and
the tug fell off in the trough of the
sea. After three hours of hard work
the crew rigged a temporary rudder,
which enabled the Hope to make a
sheltered cove, where she waa beached
and the damage repaired so that the
steamer was enabled to proceed.
Vessel Relieved to Have Been Lost
Waa Simply Beached for
Repairs.
TUG HOPE ARRIVES
IX DAMAGKD CONDITION
BAKERSFIELD, March 14.— No
new developments are known to have
come up in the Mojave lynching case
to-night, but there is a report that
on'e of the persons sought has escaped.
Contrary to expectations, the men ar
rested last night at Mojave have not
yet been brought to jail here and no
word has been received regarding
them. Cowan, who is suspected of
having fired the fatal shot. Is still in
jail and declines to make any state
ment beyond a general denial of the
charge.
Situation Is Unchanged and Men Un
der Arrest Have Xot Been
Charged.
MOJAVE LYNCHER MAY
HAVE ELUDED OFFICERS
Robert A. Bole of Plttsburg, a mem
ber of the New Tork firm of Manning,
Maxwell & Moore, large manufacturers
of steel structure, arrived at the Pal
ace last evening. He is a relative of
Colonel John C. Klrkpatrick, and dur
ing his stay in this city he -will be the
guest of the colonel and Mrs. Kirkpat
rlck.
Dr. and Mrs. E. H. Reid of Madera
are at the Lick.
Dr. G. W. Dwinnell of Montague is a
guest at the Palace.
L. B. Rhoades. a mining man of San
Jose, is at the Grand.
Rev. C. W. Merrill and wife of Sara
toga are at the Palace.
J. "Walker, a business man of "Wat
sonville, Is at the Grand.
J. S. Calne, a mining man of Bodie,
Is registered at the Grand.
William McKay, a newspaper man of
Monterey, is at the Grand.
H. R. "Warner, proprietor of Byron
Springs, is at the Occidental.
O. F. Paxton, a prominent attorney
of Portland, arrived at the Palace yes
terday.
A. "W. MlHigan, a -wealthy manufac
turer of New York, and wife are at the
Palace.
State Senator P. L. Flanegan of Ne
vada arrived yesterday from Reno and
Is at the Grand. t
John C. Alnsworth. president of the
Alnsworth National Bank of Portland,
is at the Palace.
Dr. "W. H. Saylor and wife of Port
land, who have been visiting this city,
departed for the north yesterday.
Harry "W. Goode, manager of the
Lewis and Clark Exposition, is down
from Portland and registered at the
Palace.
T. E. Ryari, a prominent lawyer of
"Waukesha. Wis., who has been making
a tour, of the coast, arrived at the Pal
ace yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. George C. McNelr and
Mr. and Mrs. Edward F. Bosley, promi
nent residents of New York, arrived at
the Palace yesterday.
J. Samson, a wealthy tea merchant of
Shanghai, arrived from the East yes
terday on h!s way to the Orient and is
staying at the Palace.
L. F. Abbott, a prominent business
man of Boston, and wife are among
the latest arrivals at the Palace. They
have been making a tour of the coast.
Mrs. Lillian M. Hollister of Detroit,
supreme commander of the Ladies of
the Maccabees and who has been at
tending the convention of th%t body In
Los Angeles, arrived here yesterday
and Is registered at the Occidental.
PERSOXAIj.
OAKLAITO RACETRACK— MONDAT, Mar. 14. Weather showery. Track sloppy.
C338. FIRST RACE— Futurity courBe; selling; mares & fllllcg; 3-yr.-old» & up; flrat. $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. WtSt. %. V,. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. CI.
C290 Captivate 6 (Bianchl & McG.) 107 3... . 44 3n In In J. Martin.. 4 1S-5
(6194) Cassie W 5 (J C Nealon).. 112 4 .... 8 V* 4 1 3 2 2 m Bonner * 8
CL'50 Pure Dale, 4 '(Thomas & R.). 107 2' ... l«2n;2h 3 % Traver. ... 4 5
(62C6) Hlrtle. a (A. NeaJ) . . . : 107 1 ... 2n In 4 2 42 Buxton .... 3 10-5
CTU Ladj- Athelinr 3 (J A. Kyle) 100 6 ... 8n 92 61 R4 C Smith... 15 20
62»1 Carllee. <J (Appleby & Co.).. 112 7 ... 6 n 7 V% 7 2 6 5 Haack ..... 1- j!«
«1S4 Myrtle II 6 (Mrs. Hertzell). . 112 5 ... 5 5 5 4 5 Vi , < % Alaria 30 to
5902 Algaretta. a (J A. Murray).. 107 9 ... 10 8^8282 Roach 6 «
G2.U Technique, 3 (Clifford & Co.) 105 10 ... 9 4 10 9 3 0 2 Connell.... 30 60
C^C5 Rene. 4 (Lamasney Bros.)... 102 8 ... 7 5.6210 10 Wataon ... 20 50
Time— :23>4, ;:51, 1:14%. At post 3 minutes. O~ff at 2:14. Captivate, place 7-5; show 7 -10.
¦ Cassie. place. 5-2? show. 6-5. Dale. show. 9-10. Winner, ch m. by Captive-Fusll
lade-s Last. Trained by O A. Bianchl. Scratched— Dora I. Cherries. Cathello, Midway.
. Priestlike. Start good. Won in a hard drive of four. Buxton lost all the ground pos
sible or Hlrtle would have won. Cassie W apparently tired, then came on again.
Pure Dale tlrsd. Lady Athellng ran a fair race. Algaretta no epeed. Rene poorly
handled. .
G:t:JJ>. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling; 2-year-olds; value to first, $325. ~\
j Index I . . Horse and Owner. Wt St. V~ %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. OP- d-
I (HlTDr. Leggo. (C. McCafferty) .. 10S 4 ...... 6^42 In Bonner .... 10 15
I 0S15 Bill Short (A. T. DobEon) . . . 106 3 ...... 11 11 2 3 J. T. fhehn 15-5 10-5
(Clio) Light of Day (Mrs. Coffey)..100 2 .. . ... 4 3 3 h 3 ?4 C. Smith... 4 8
(C279) Bob -Ragon (Summers & Co.). 10S 1 2 9* 2 n 4 h J. Martin.. 3-2 fl-5
C051 Marie J (M. Jones).. 103 5 ... ... 3n 52 5 £ onn w U •'¦ A • £.
62C7 Sen. Poyntz (E. Kltzgerald). 103 7 .61 6^63 Roach 20 80
.... I^ampenla (Mrs. Miller) 100 6 .. ....7 7 7 Hollander ¦ CO 150
Time— :25, :50%. At post 1% minutes. Off at 2:4*%. Leggo. place, 5: show. 2. Short,
place 0-10; «how out Day. show. 7-10. Winner, b. c. by Puryear D-Sevens Trained
by C. McCafferty ' Start poor. Won In a drive of five. Winner bid up from foOO to ?SH>0
by S. Rafour; retained. Dr. Leggo finished gamely. BUI Short Is inclined to nan out
and this cost him the rac*. Light of Day requires etronger handling. Toss this race
out. Bob Ragon was outfooted. Marie J ran, a nice race, away none too well.
CJ-iO. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; 3-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index I . Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. U. %. %¦ Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6280~|Salto (D. S % Fountain) 102 5 ... In 1 2»4l 3 17 Vandrbout 1 6-5
H278 Resigned (A. W. Coffey) . . . . 103 1 ../ 2 1%2 1%2 1%2 5 Buxton .... 6 8
0302 Dusty Miller (P. Sheridan). . 105 (1 ... 6 8.61260 3 1% Travers ... 5 6
0102 Standard (J. J. McAlester). .. 106 4 ... 4 2 4 »i 4 % 4 1% I. Powell. .. 5 21-5
6218 Harka (Wentworth & Lee).. 105 2 ... 3 4 3.'; 3 1 6 2 Holbrook .. 6 10
.... Brookwood Belle (Blaylock) . . 100 7 ... 55 58 5264 McBrlde... 30 100
47S2 Orphfum Push (Keating Co.) . UP 3 ... 7 7 7 7 .^Connell .... 30 CO
Time "5 SO 1-14 At post % minute. Oft at 3:03. Salto. place. 1-2; show, ouf. Re
signed place 5-2- show 1. Miller, show. 7-10. Winner, br. g. by Requital-Irtdustry.
Trained by D S Fountain. Scratched— Cinnabar, Sir Appleby, ..Crigll, Abydos, Foxy
Grandpa.' Start' fair Won easing up. Second easily. . Third driving hard. An exercise
gallop for the winner. Resigned did her best. Dusty Miller away poorly. Standard did
not show to any advantage. Harka died away the last eighth. Curtain fell early on
Orpheum Push.
6341> FOURTH RACE — One mile and 50 yards; selling; 4-year-olds & up; to first. $325.
Index I ! Horse and Owner., WtjSt. U- '.&• %• Str. Fin. Jockey. <>P- CK
iiavT) Chickadee 5 (McCafferty).... 881 2 1 « J % J } , J \V> g. Smith... 7-2 6
6327 Silurian. 6 (Lamasney Bros.). 100 « « 6 2 1 2 % 2 % Roach 3 13-5
632.8 Boutonnlere, 4 (F. Jones).... 103 4 4H3 1«4h5 1%3 2% Buxton .... b t
6300 Illowaho 5 (H. Stover) 108 l-JjiJHl §l"l?,i& Martin.. 6-2 16-5
6319 Isabellita/4 (E. McNamara). 98 5 5 4 5 2%6 6 5 1 % Travers ... 10 11
6304 Lady Kent, a (T. Wellman).. 103 3 2 1%2 % 5 % 4 2 6 Holbrook ..6 6
Time— •25'T~:51\i. ; l:i8% 1:46U. 1:49%. At post %. minute. Off at 3:28^ Chickadee,
place 2; show 1. Silurian, place. 1; show. 2-5. Boutonnlere. show. 1. Winner, b. m.
by Sir Modred or Duncombe-Sabllla, Trained by C. McCafferty. Scratched— Montana
Peeress Winner bid up from $400 to $S00 by S. Rafour and sold. Start good. Won
handily' Balance driving. "Winner well handled. Away better. Silurian might have re
versed the decision. Illowaho ran with bar plates. Isabellita has gone back. Lady Kent
quit early. — -— —^—^^^^^ v^ % >^>^^ v^>r>..p_r-.^^-^-o-»^-o->^^
<;:MH. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
fn^e7 Horse and Owner. WtlSt. K.T %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6316" Galanthus. 6 (Mrs. Coff ey) . . . 107 1 ... 2 1 2 3 2 3%1 2 J. Martin.. 8-5 S ; 2
(J31C Mr. Farnum. ,4 (McCafferty).. 102 2 ... 8 4 8 8-3 6 ;&£. Smith 10 *5
C316 Pickaway. 4 (A. J. Jackson) 02 8 ... 1 6 1 2%1 h 3 5% Cronrralte 4 23-5
G"")0 Alice Carey 4 (H E. Rowel ) 100 7 ... 6 1%4 5 4 3 4 \ T^ers ... 3 23-5
625G Our Prlde?5 (Howe Stable).. 103 R ... 6 % 5 1«6 % 6 2% Buxton ... 10 15
6305 Pruewood. 6 (J. J. McAlester) 105 4 ... 4 2 Cl 1 6 5 I. P?^"--- J» -g
6294 [Blackthorn, 6 (C: P. Fink)... 110 6 .. .77 7 7 J. T. Shehn 10 12
-"4% -49% 1'17 At post 1 minute. Off at 3:55%. Galanthus. place 11-20; show,
w" T-Vmum olace 8- show 4 Pickaway. show 3-5. Winner, ch. g. by July-Snow
drop S^J by J Coffey. Start good. . Won easily. Second driving hard. Third
stopplnc Too much early use waa made of . Pickaway. Galanthus breezed Travel
on Alice Carey sound asleep when barrier went up.v Mr. Farnum heard the dinner bell
to-day. Pruewood and Blackth °™fS^Iiii2L^^L^£^ii^X^^^^^^^^-~-N^v^^^^
O.t43. SIXTH RACE Six and a half furlongs; purs'e; 3-year-olds; value to flrat. $325.
fn^T Horse and Owner. Wt St. K. %. %¦ Str. Fin. Jockey. OP- Cl.
eioF Sailor Knot (M. J. Daly)-.. 110 % 2 % 2 2 1 i%3 8 1 ns 3 Daly 11-5 11-5
6221 Celebrant (Hamilton Stable). . 113 2 I h -1 In 2% H. Speneer. 1^ o
C271 Solanus (Jennings & Co J----™* \ ? 2 "? 2 ? 6 1- i Trave™ 10 8
C271 Hugh McGowan (Rowell).... 1021 4 4 4 4 4 4 Traverg ... 10 8
TM m -_oiti -40% 1-16% 1:23%. At post 1V 3 - minutes. Off at 4:25 Knot, place. 1-2; show,
cVlehrait placl' 4-5: show. out. Solanus. ehow. out. Winner, br c by The
S Lr Prin^Sea Bird Trained by M. J. Daly. Start good. Won In a hard drive of
fhrie To" s up between two leaders. Both Daly and Spencer were seen at their best.
HelebranT stumbled lightly eighty yards from the wire. Martin rode an ill- judged race.
The Sfin Francisco Athletic Club will
open the new Woodward's Pavilion
ripxt Friday night with an amateur
exhibition, consisting: of ten four-round
goes between well-known youngsters.
Th<? main event of the. evening will be
a mill between Owen Sullivan and
Walter Moreno. ',' crack heavy
weights.
After Jimmy finished his morning
run yesterday he rested till the noon
hour and then, after a hearty meal and
another rest, spent some time in the
gymn&sltnn, hitting the bag and pull
ing the various appliances about. When
he became tired of this diversion he
took to the road again and. after a
good brisk trot and a rubdown, put on
the mitt* with Frank Rafael.
A few lively rounds followed, in
which Jimmie landed some stiff ones
on the Jaw and body of his training
partner. He showed good speed and
got around lively on his feet. He used
both hands to advantage and blocked
the hard ones nicely. Britt stated last
evening that he weighed just •- 134
pounds.
Corbett doep not like the wet weather
in the least, and yesterday was rather
a gloomy one at the beach. Neverthe
less, the champion went out for his run
and came back perspiring freely and
fueling fine and frisky..
He devoted most of the afternoon to
roughing It around the gymnasium
with Billy Otts. He had the gloves on
with ihe latter and they mixed it in a
liv-ly manner. Corbett says that he is
but h few pounds overweight now and
will be down handily on the night of
the battle.
The remaining few days left to
Jimmy Britt and Young Corbett are
busy ones at the training quarters of
the rival lightweights. Though the
weather for some time past has hardly
come up to the standard required by
athletes, still the little fellows have
been making the best of it and doing
all the work they could.
Britt started in yesterday morning to
take two runs a day, instead of one.
Ke imagines that this will be good for
his wind and will harden his leg mus
cles and therefore he will continue oil
ihe double road stunt till a day or so
before the battle.
CHICAGO, March 14.— Benny Tanger
of this city and Aurelio Herrera
fought a six-round draw before the
American Athletic Club to-night. The
fight was fast for the six rounds. Both
men scored knockdowns In the third
round, when Herrera put Tanger to
the flgor with a hard left on the ear,
and Yanger, who rose instantly, sent
Herrera down with a left hook to the
Jaw. Herrera depended on a left hook
for the greater part of his fighting,
while Tanger used straight lefts to' the
head and a right to the body for his
work.
TRINIDAD. Colo.. March 14. — Chris
Evans was beaten by three masked
men with six shooters to-day on board
the Colorado and Southern passenger
train bound for Pueblo, and was taken
off the train at TValsenburg In a crit
ical condition with several scalp
•wounds. The masked men boarded the
train at Santa Fe crossing, a mile east
of Trinidad and. after beating Evans.
Jumped off. Evans had been sent to
Pueblo bv President John Mitchell of
the United Mine "Workers of Amer
ica. Evans said he recognized his as
sailants as guards employed by the
mining companies.
Michael Calabrace. a striker, was
killed by guards to-day at Pryor. Cala
brace. it is said, fired four shots at a
negro and then barricaded himself in
his house. The guards burst open tha
front door and as Calabrace ran out
the back way they shot him.
PUEBLO. Colo.. March 14. — Chris
Evans, who was assaulted near Trin
idad this morning, was brought to this
city this afternoon and was at
his office, although his wounds wer©
very Dainful. State Labor Commission
er Montgomery called upon Evans this
afternoon . and probablv will tak» offi
cial cognizance of the outrage.
Califprnian Increases His
Kims on the tioad With a
View to Gaining Wind
Ill Third Round Easterner,
After Being Sent to Floor,
1 Retaliates on Western Lad
«
L.OS AXGELES. March 14.— Favorites
had a hard time to-day, only two out
of the six coming under the wire first.
The first race went to Susie Christian,
at 8 to 1. with Landseer second and Jim
Gore third.
Elie was favorite for the second, but
Mr. Kobinson, at 12 to 1, was an easy
winner, with Lunar Eecond and Elle
third.
E. M. Brattain won the third at odds
of 2 to 5. Nervator, the next in demand
at 3 to 1. was second, while Harrington,
at 100 to 1. got the show.
Sais was a prohibitive favorite for
the free handlcao, at seven furlongs, 1
to 2 being the prevailing price. Elwood,
at 6 to 1, was ne>er in danger, winning
easily, with Sais second and Princess
Tulane third.
Xamtor clipped a Half-second off the
track record for a mile and 100 yards.
Rag Tag. the closing favorite, was sec
and and Glenrice third. Namtor closed
at 4 to 1.
Dollie Welthoff won the last race
easily. Celebration, the opening first
choice, getting a bad start. Rio Chico,
at 30 to 1, was second and Blue Miracle
third.
The weather was fine, the track fast.
Results:
First race, six and a half furlong*, selling—
Su5le Christian. 03 <Feicht). S to 1. won; Land
teer 101 < Jackson). « to 1. second; Jim Gore
11 114 (Doland). <S to 1. third. Time, 1;22»4.
ofay Morn. Dupont, Dr. Shorb. ASachusett.
.luilf.-*" Nation. The Covenantor, Maud Brown.
| Gibraltar. Kes Nogr. I-ady Kice and Picture
i a Second race, one mile, pellinE— Mr. Robinson
I llll |J. L*wifI, 12 tu 1. won.: Lunar. 110
i UTinr), •-• to 1. second: Kile. S7 (Anderecn). »
to .'..third. Time. 1:42%. Albert Enrlfht.
Autumn Time, Mac Ana, Oorke and Merwan
also ran.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, purse—
K M. Brattnln. 113 (Jackson). 2 to 5. won;
Nervator. 112 <J. 1-ewis). 3 to 1. second; Bar
rinirtor KiO (Feicht). 100 to 1, third. ¦Tim*.
| 1:0*. Cclonel Bopey. Dolly Hayman, Callant
! and Nona B also ran.
Tourth race, seven furlongs, free handicap—
Elv/ood. .03 (Booker). 6 to 1. won; Sals. 102
(Fticht) 1 to *J, 6econd; Princess Tulane, 103
I <J. lyuirO, IS to 1, third. Time. 1 :23, Ore»n
i ock also ran. , '--
Fifth r»ce. nr.c mile and 100 yards, selling—
! Nfcmtor. 114 <IJo!and). 4 to I won; Rag Tag.
107 < Booker). even. second;. Glenrice. !«?
j (Feicht). 1O to 1. third. Time. 1:4S. Stras
| gl<r and Durbar also ran. JL'.J, „, ¦»
Sixth race. Fix furlongs, selling— Dollie \% elt-
I hofT 100 (Booker). $ to 5, won; Rio Chlco.
107 (Sinnott). :» to 1, second; Blue Miracle.
107 (Prior). « io 1. third. Time, IOS%. Thlsbe,
Plan Celebration. Kasnarok II, Walter H,
Oklahoma Belle and Red Damsel also ran.
Xamtor Clips Half Second
From the Time for a 3Iile
and One Hundred Yards
Brutally Assault a Eepre
sentative of President
John Mitchell on a Train
Butterlck. br. g.. 2. by Eddie Jones-Bit , of
Fashion, $300, D. Fountain; Cascades.* b.
f., 2. by Mount McGregor-Miss . Barr. $75, M."
A. Horton; David Boland, b. k.. 2, by David
Tenny-Ella Boland. ?25O. W. M. Baird; Ero
dun, b. g., 2/ by Eddie;. Jones-Miss Rowena,
$500. A. Forbes; Edged Iff, br. c, 2, by Eddie
Jones-Shasta Water. $950. S. Judge; Eduardo,
b. b-, 2, -by Eddie Jones-Ducklinc. $1650, H.
Stover; Gloomy Gus, b. g.. 2, by Eddie Jones-
Happy Maiden. $1025, O. Edison: Hooligan, b.
g.; 2, by Eddie Jones-Hoolou. $1050, D.' Foun
tain; Humo, b. c, 2, by. Eddie Jones-Humld
lty. ?2100. C. T. Patterson; .Lillian Ayers, b.
f., 2. by First Tenor-Juanita II. $225. P. Mc-
Aullffe; Princess Zula. ch. > f.; 2. by.TakeXo
tlce-Prlncesa • Zelka, $425, A. Forbes; vStorma,
ch. f.. 2. by Colonel Wheeler-Sonomis, $450.
A. Jackson ; Sun Rose, b. t.; 2,. by Altamax-
Sweet Rose, $800, Appleby ¦ & . Co. ; Dundreary,
b. c 3. by Colonel "Wheeler-Dulcle^Larondie,
$300, J. C Murray; Rockaway, , ch. c.,' 3,"' by
AKamax-Recreatlon, $4500, W. : B. Jennings;
Toledo, ch. . c, 3, by Altamax-Talluda. $2100,
E. Caylord; Polonlus, br.' h.. 4;by 'Altamax-
Paloma, $500, '¦ W. H. McNames: Thaddeus,
ch. «.. 4. fcy AHamai-Talluda, ¦ $400, M. J.
Arthur McKnight, the well-known
assistant starter, at present with Dick
Dwyer, has accepted the position of
starter for the new Union Jockev Club
of St. Louis. Arthur has had a world
of experience and there is no doubt In
the world but that he will make good
in a gallop.
P. Phillips' now riding at T^os An
geles, will be seen in the saddle here
later on in the week.
The stables of A. C. Hayes and W.
D. Twyma'n arrived from Los Angeles
Sunday night. Barney Schreiber
shipped- Lacy Crawford back here in
the same car to start in the Thornton
stake. •'.".'.
Joe Teager left Los Angeles for Hot
Springs Sunday night, taking along
his lightweight rider Hildebrand. .
Steve Rafour is camping right on the
trail of Charley McCafferty. ¦ The. lat
ter took Idogo away from Rafour last
week and in retaliation Steve bid Dr.
Leggo up from $500 to $900 without get
ting the horse. Later on he tiltedChick
adee from $400 to $800 and McCafferty
let the mare go.
Dick Dwyer replaced Jake Holtman
at the barrier yesterday, after a very
successful spell of starting at Los An
geles. Dick's efforts with the barrier
were characterized bv the same clean
cut work that has made him -so pop
ular with horsemen, Jockeys and the
public throughout the country.
The disposal sale of Burns & Water
house was a success from every stand
point. The horses were sold during the
noon hour in the paddock at Oakland
yesterday,. Billy Magrane filling the
auctioneer's position. The nineteen head
knocked down realized $19,200. -W. B.
Jennings paid $4500 for Rocka way and
Ed Gaylord, the well-known Denver
turfman, bought Toledo for $2100, and
each was considered a bargain. Fol
lowing is a list of the horses sold and
the purchasers:
Martin rode two winners.
On the strength of his previous good
showing in a race last week Galanthus
looked almost a certainty and was
heavily played to take the fifth num
ber. He had Jack Martin on his back
and after Pickaway had shot his bolt
the first choice took command, beating
out the 25 to 1 shot, Mr. Farnum, with
plenty to spare. Alice Carey, Prue
wood and Blackthorn cut no figure in
the race.
NOTES OP THE TRACK.
Lamasney Bros, furnished the favor
ite for the mile and fifty yard run in
Silurian, played from threes to 13 to 5.
Roach, who rode him, managed to get
away from the post poorly, and was
beaten comparatively handily at the
end by Chickadee, a 6 to 1 shot, well
ridden by C. Smith. The latter mare
cut out the pace from start to finish.
Illowaho runs in bar plates and this
militates against his chances in the
sloppy going.
Henry Spencer, "the Iceman," gave
an exhibition of his old time skill in
the saddle on Celebrant in the last race
on the card at Oakland yesterday, and
was then unfortunate enough to lose
the decision to Sailor Knot, the mount
of Johnny Daly, by a nose. There were
but two other starters, Solanus and
Hugh McGovern. The former opened at
7 to 5, receding toward the close to
twos. Jack Martin piloted the Jen- i
nings entry and his riding was sol
amateurish as to be almost ludicrous.!
The two riders first mentioned had the
race between them from the start, Mar
tin dropping in behind them with So
lanus. From the three-sixteenths pole
to the wire Spencer and Daly had it
hammer and tongs, Sailor Knot on the
outside receiving the verdict. Thd win
ner was held at 11 to 5 almost through
out the betting. It was one of the
prettiest exhibitions of horsemanship
seen at the meeting.
The track was once more transform
ed into a sea of mud. The only win*
ning favorites were Salto and Galan
thus. An unusually good-sized crowd
was in attendance.
Without any ifs or ands about it
Hlrtle, the 16 to 5 favorite, should have
won the first race. Buxton took the
mare wide in the stretch when he had
a commanding lead, and through some
hcok or crook managed to lose ground
enough to finish fourth. Captivate,
touted around as the goods and backed
from 5 to 18 to 5, was landed first by
Jack Martin, a neck in front of Cassie
W. Pure Dale with Travers up waa
third. N
Such a pronounced plunge was made
on Bob Ragon at scant odds to win the
two-year old dash, that it looked as i£
Gil Summers* colt might have received
the nomination by acclamation. Such
proved not to be the case though, for,
blessed with the best of racing luck,
Bob ran unplaced. J. T. Sheenan'. on
Bill Short reached the straight for
home first and looked like oil from the
can. But the youngster's inclination
to run out cost him the long end of the
purse, Bonner getting up on the 15 to
1 shot, Dr. Leggo, in season to put the
McCafferty colt over Just by a neck.
Light of Day ran third.
Dell Fountain's Salto spreadeagled
his field in the Futurity course run fol
lowing. A 6 to 5 favorite with Vander
bout in the saddle, the gelding won
easing up from Resigned. Away badly.
Dusty Miller downed Standard for the
show.
CRIME OF MASKED MEN
TRACK RECORD FALLS
BATTLE IS A FAST ONE
Sailor Knot, Ridden
by the Former,
• Is First.
BOTH MEN ABE ACTIVE
Training Quarters of Cor
bett and Britt Scenes
of Much Life and Action
Outfoots Sais, a Top-Heavy
Favorite, in the Feature
of the Los Angeles - Card
Wicked Fighting of Mexican
and "Slasher" Stirs the
Blood of Chicago Sports
Union Men Are the Victims
. of Two Outrages in the
Strike District of Colorado
RIVAL BOXERS
HARD AT WORK
ELWOOO WINS
FREE HANDICAP
YANGER DRAWS
WITH HERRERA
MINE GUARDS
BEAT AND KILL
JOHNNY DALY AND HENRY SPENCER
ENGAGE IN AN EXCITING FINISH
RACETRACK HAPPENINGS, NEWS FROM THE CAMPS OF PRIZE FIGHTERS AND GENERAL SPORTINGEVENTS
THE SAN • FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 190-1
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10
j ADVERTISEMENTS. '
A Vile Disease |^
Contagions Blood Poison has wrecked more lives and \X
caused more miser}' and suffering than all other diseases fk^ffiliss^*
combined. Some are inclined to treat it lightly, but these Mr&3S*J
soon learn that the}* have to deal with a powerful poison L
that is slowly but surely breaking down the constitution, gjws^if /K^
Contagious Blood Poison pot only metes out punishment flllLltTOgllal
to the one who contracts it, but others may become inno-.
cent victims of this vile dis- __ _ , . » ¦
--,« tV.r-nti'rVi ;r.fii"T-i>ntir#. Tf ' 'OTyiMiIwM troubled with the moat malic-
ease through inheritance. II aant type O f ohronio blood trouble. After trying
vour blood IS tainted J'OU may ?arious other remedies without rettinc any ben-
liw f« c** rrnnr oTiiiiir^n hat '«"*f I , WM Induoed by a friend who was oured ol a
live to see your children oat- constitutional blood trouble, to take 8. 8. S. A
tlincrwith the same disease — *?w bottles cured me permanently. I alto eon-
_„_* -j e,Wlv mademiw «ider 8. S. 8. the best tonio ever made. While
puny and sicfcly, maae miser- taWn , it mr wa i*ht increased and my_ health
able by disgusting Sores and Improved In every wny. S. A. WRIGHT,
skin eruptions. Under the a«Od Perry«villo Av«. Alleeheny City, Pa.
mercury and potash treatment all signs of infection may disappear, but leave
off these minerals and j r ou soon find out the poison is still alive and you are
just as bad off as ever. S. S. S. is the only antidote for Contagious Blood
S— 1_ r-i Poison. It destroys the virus completely; without
/>»"*3 injuring the system. It is a vegetable remedy, and
V^^\ Cwe offer $1,000 for proof that it contains a single
fc^^J K^^l mineral ingredient. S. S. S. not only works the poison
out of the blo6d thoroughly, but restores vigor arid
strength to all parts of the system.
Write for our special book on Contagious Blood Poison, describing the
different stages and symptoms and containing much other interesting infor-
mation about this most despicable of all diseases.
__. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, G A,
ADVEBTISEilENTSb
1 FREE TO MEN!
I (&§* And Women, Too! |
§ V a —^J /^t^^r^l Do y° u want to be a bl&, husky man, S
ft M :°J »/» «l- w with vim and power in your every action. *
Q. V y&"f o^v*9 with courage, self-confidence and ambi- g
§ •r-"^V*rra s v I4i sM Won to "do things"? Do you want to get «
Q / ]/ I j^f Xy^y rid of that feeling of gloom, that weak- X
g ' ><&3L / \i Jy'&^sizrf* ' /$fr ness in your back, that nervous, worn- g
;O. / yfe^^C I * nJgjSs&&S%{£&~+*£'&» out feeling which unfits you for business X
N \«-Si^f $*"**££*?¦ I 1 N^P Do you want to feel like a man all *
& V t HiW : i J*^^feE^~ 4l Hz? over ' to bold up your head with the X
X llfvts $&*M/h4U^\ ( N IM knowledge that you arc the man that na- £
* t Swii ¦ Wr^fir «K* f /% j]^ ture: meant you to be? X
S F vmffl SsKil/r" 1 \sr&». 40* * know that no man remains a weak- X
O XteiNl i lin £ because he wants to. I am sura X
- SSHl*> : £<?. JpS^ that you want to overcome every lndlca- X
¦Cj> ¦ XSr *r"vri%m2*tO tion of early decay that has shown Itself X
O :1 ''*^!S=3 ; C\V^^ on y° u - ' don>t think the man lives who -4/
O y^^^ ELECTRIC Bajg >^ » ' " would not like to feel as big and strong jj
P, f U a ' . L ...'WH x as a Sandow. and I know that If you X
A ~---'.' have a reasonable foundation to build J5
S upon I can make you a bigger man than you ever hoped to be. I want you S
S to know that, you who can't believe it. and I want you to have my book X
S in which I describe how I learned that strength was only electricity, and X
S how I learned to restore it; also I want to tell you the names of some men X
Y> who will tell you that when they came to me they were physical wrecks. X
g and are now among the finest specimens of physical manhood. if
fl I can do just as much for women as for men. I have thousands of let- O
# ters from .grateful women, who had spent years and money trying to get <>
P relief from drugs, and who came to me as a last resort and are cured now. O
Q Why should you be suffering g
O when you know that your friends ' Vif»/' \f\]f/// ' 5J
g and neighbors are being cured? > j^Vj'j^^V-VUiaMfefr Q
O; "Why, the money you spend for J^*£ijj5iy^ yp* . v s^jTr*-^^ O,
O drugs in a few months, if invcstt-.I lyfottfwiwpH :x ra&mfi'XjjX $
V:- in my treatment, will assure you «^#jlMi|^^^^C^i^^hrt^l^ <jt
§ EKm't yo^i believe" it? Thei\ sen.i
g for this book with the proof that I S|5w»l|Tj7^ *Ss^MA&^r — 7^tn3<^vl **
§ can Rive you, and you will be con- §ff^g§i!|p^r^^J^!^|:'jJ'4 $
<5 this book now. If you will inclose 'JSi*—^*^ «3
§ •' this ad. I will send it sealed, free. . _ Mjl(i!f$!\**r^ 9
g and will give you the names of */J'tv <%
S your own neighbors who are cured. — <)?
« I will tell you whether I can. cure you or not. If you will tell me your O
Oj~ troubles. Call, if possible, for free consultation. -. $
I Tlt» M C Mr\ 906 Market St. i
| UP. 1Y1. V mCLdUglHin, Abo».Illi..B«Tr S «im §SUIT QVER' CATTLE. —A Jury waa secured
yesterday In Judge Muraaky'a court to try tne
suit of A. B. Uimston against C. J. Hyiham
for S&0.000.
TBUST COMPANY INCORPORATES
Th* Monetary Trust Company waa incorporat
ed yesterday with a capital stock of ll.cjoo^wo
The directors ere H. B. Mayo, Daa Van Wag
fTifT. A. Beti, II. W. Hernse and W. J. Mor
gan. Of tbe capital atock $2500 is subscribed.
VICTORIA. B. C. March 14.— The
body of David Ferguson, missing since
December 15 last, was found this
morning, lying face down with out
stretched arms, within a few feet of
the main road, seven miles north of
Victoria. In the right hand of the
dead man was tightly clenched a
clasp knife and in the right side of
the neck was a wound which severed
the jugular and windpipe. The Cor
o.ner's jury returned a verdict of sui
cide while of unsound mind.
Missing Man's Body Found.
Professor McAdie has Just received
word from Observer W. W. Thomas at
Point Reyes that the wind attained a
velocity of ninety-eight miles an hour
at that place during last Thursday's
rtorm. This is the record wind from
the southeast. Wind3 from other
points of the compass, however, have
attained a greater velocity at' Point
Reyes. The wind blew at the rate of
seventy miles an hour at the Farai
lones. Yesterday's rain was light It
was thought by the weather bureaa
officials last night that Los Angeles
would get ji touch of rain to-day.
Wind Attains Great Velocity.
ASTORIA. Or., March 14. — B. C.
Kindred, one of the oldest of Oregon's
pioneers, died last evening at his su
burban home after a lingering Illness.
He was in his. eighty-sixth year and
his death had been expecte'd for some
weeks. Kindred crossed the plains in
the early '40's and had 'resided near
this city since 184 5. The deceased is
survived by eleven children, thirty
eight grandchildren and twenty-six
great-grandchildren, a total of seven
ty-five.
Passing of Oregon Pioneer.
LECTURER TELLS OF THE
LAND OF SAVAGE MAORIS
Interest* n Large Audience With a
Chat on New Zealand and
Its People.
Kate Janlsch, the well known New
Zealand traveler and lecturer, deliv
ered an Interesting lecture at Lyric
Hall, last evening, using for her sub
ject, "A Chat on New Zealand, the
Land of the Maori." The lecture itself
was extremely interesting and made
vivid by a, collection of photographs,
colored: views and moving pictures.
The moving pictures were of. the
mountainous country in New Zealand
and were taken from a stage traveling
at*a rapid speed. Other views, show
ing the ideal colorings of the sky and
water in New Zealand, were ehown^
and the, speaker, in explaining that
the views were not overcblored, said:
"Very few of you have seen paintings
of New Zealand land or water scapes
that are : realistic for the simple rea
son-that paintings that are realistic
look overcolored and artists dislike
working there."
" ¦ Mfss Janisch' Is , ; a splendid lecturer
arid I gave a .very Interesting entertain
ment last, evening. .
A Gaelic sermon and high mass will
be celebrated at St. Rose's Church on
St. Patrick's day, commencing: at 10
o'clock. The State board of the Gae
lic League decided at its last meeting
that the members will attend In a
body. The # sermon will be a panegy
ric of St. Patrick by Rev. M. J. Con
cannon of St. Mary's Church, Stock
ton. Immediately after the mass the
Rev. J. F. Nugent, pastor of St. Rose's
Church, will recite the rosary and lit
any of the Blessed Virgin in the lan
guage of St. Patrick and Bridget of
Columbkill. Seats will be reserved for
the clergy and the Gaelic League
members and their friends.
Will Preach Gaelic Sermon.
Lempy is alleged to have entered the
room of Charles Graham, a clerk at
the Lick House, last nisrht. He was
seen leaving the apartment by John"
Fry, another clerk. Fry caught the
fellow and turned him over to the po
lice. On his person were found a dia
mond ring and a quantity of handker
chiefs and neckties.
Williams was formerly employed as
night clerk at the Hotel Edgemere, 731
Bush street. Some time .ago the rooms
of A. W. Reiber and W. M. Mines
were entered and money and valuables
stolen. The poJice were notified and
after a thorough search they arrested
Williams and charged him with the
crimes.
Antone Lempy and Herbert I. Wil
liams, two alleged hot<*l thieves, were
arrested last night on suspicion of
having taken valuables from rooms of
hotels. Lempy was registered on the
rmall book, while Williams has two
charges of burglary against his name.
Herbert Williams and Antonu Lcinpy
Heltl on Suspicion of Having
Looted ll<K>nis.
TWO ALLEGED BURGLARS
LA.N1> IX CITV I'HISOX
Captain Nicholson was navigating
officer of- the famous battleship Ore
gon in the memorable battle off. San
tiago. The new cruiser Tacoma will
soon go to sea for the trial- of her
tuns. SflratelM -..
A delightful dinner was given at the
Bohemian Club last evening in com
pliment to Captain Reginald P. Nich
olson. U. S. N« commander of the
new cruiser Tacoma. The feast -was
spread under the immediate direction
of S. D. Brastow, an understudy of
-the immortal Raphael Weill. The
Joyful news was Imparted to the
guests! last night that Mr. Weill would
return from Paris some time next
August.
The company at dinner last'even
ing were Captain' R. F. Nicholson,
Harry George, George T. ' Bromley, W.
H. Irwin, Alex G. Hawes, Henry Mar
shall, Enrique Grau, Benjamin R.
Swan, George C. Chismore, Ryland
Wallace, Barry Coleman . and S. / D. 1
Brastow. ..'¦
Banquet Is Spread at the Bohemian
Club by an Understudy of
Raphael ¦Weill.
CAPTAIN OF CRUISER
TACOMA IS D1XED
Through the tedious forenoon and aft
ernoon sessions Mrs. Botkin sat In
front of the clerk's desk between At
torney Frank McGowan and her* sister.
Mrs. Roberts. She wore a pretty black
hat and was gowned in a black silk
wafst and black cloth skirt. A heavy
black veil concealed all but the out
lines of her features. Before her on the
table was a black jacket lined with
white satin. AH that, the crowded
courtroom could see of the defendant
was the back of the plump little figure
To secure these six more than forty
talesmen were examined. Of these
twelve were peremptorily challenged by
the defense and two by the prosecution.
The others were allowed to go for va
rious reasons, the predominant causes
being prejudice against the death pen
alty on purely circumstantial evidence,
sympathy for a woman on trial and
previous opinion that could not be al
tered by the evidence.
GOWNED ALL IN BLACK.
William S. McDevItt, nn employe of 'the
t'nlted Railroad*. rei-ldlns at 4C22 Twenty
eerond street.
Verron Upton, a printer, residing at 2»)3
Central avenue.
Jacob Ooetjen. a grocer of 240 Fifth street,
redding at 5 Waller street.
Julius LllienthAl. formerly a grocer, resld
injt r.t 30" Fulton street.
Morris Hyman. a real enrate denier at 2fW
San*ome street, who resides at 22.J0 Sacra
mento street.
Six jurors have been chosen to try
for the second time Mrs. Cordelia Bot
kin for the murder of Mrs. Elizabeth
Dunning by sending through the mails
from this city to Dover, Del., on August
6. 1S9S. a box of poisoned candy, of
which Mrs. Dunning and her sister.
Mrs. Deane. partook with fatal results..
At the first trial Mrs. Botkin was found
guilty, but was gran'ted a new trial.
The six men that have been accepted
by the prosecution and defense to pass
upon the .case on its second trial are:
During the afternoon session an en
terprising photographer for a newspa
per slipped Into a corner behind Chief
There were only two incidents out of
the ordinary during the day. Once At
torney Knight, in questioning a tale3
ir.an, asked "Would you as quickly in
flict the death penalty upon a woman
as a white man— as a man. I mean?"
A titter broke out In the courtroom, but
It was quickly suppressed by Judge
Ccok, who sternly warned the crowd
that if any further levity were display
ed he would order the courtroom
cleared.
OBJECTS TO CAMERA.
In the afternoon the proceeding drag
ged wearily along. Three other names
were added to the list before the close
and the session ended with Edward
Healy, a liquor dealer of 26^4 Hayes
street, endeavoring to explain how he
could be an impartial jaror while at
the same time he did not believe he
could inflict the death penalty on a
woman. „
Attorney Knight conducted the ex
aminations of the talesmen for the de
fense, and District Attorney Bylngton
performed the same service for the peo
ple. Both were extremely painstaking
and searched thoroughly the minds of
the mon in the box.
Out of the first twelve men three were
chosen as Jurors, and it looked for a
time as though the panel might be
completed before the conclusion of the
afternoon session. But after this the
box was x filled time and again without
another* eligible being found. At the
close of the morning 'session only the
three first chosen occupied the box.
as she bobbed between her attorney
and her sister, offering suggestions to
the . former at frequent intervals and
smiling tnto the sad face of her rela
tive when some answer of a talesman
struck her as humorous. •
of Police Wittman and hoisted a cam
era on a tripod in an endeavor to se
cure a picture of the defendant,* At
length she noticed him and appealed
to Attorney Knight, who jumped to
his feet and angrily declared that it
was. an outrage to subject a woman on
trial for her life to being photographed
against her will. Judge Cook ordereJ
the offending camera taken from the
courtroom and rebuked the. Sheriff for
allowing it to be admitted.
The selection of the jury will continue
to-day. Judge Cook announced that
dliring the trial tfoe sessions of the
court' would be from 10 o'clock until
12:30 and 2 o'clock until 4:30. It is be
lieved the proceeding will occupy at
least two weeks.
DEFENDANT IN A FAMOUS MURDER CASE AS SHE APPEARED IN JUDGE CARROLL COOK'S COURT
ROOM YESTERDAY WHILE THE JURY THAT IS TO TRY HER FOR POISONING MRS. JOHN P. DUN
NING WAS BEING IMPANELED.
In conformity with -a decision of
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
yeals in this city and another similar
decision by United States Circuit
Judge Morrow. United States District
Judge de Haven yesterday confirmed
the report of United States Court
Commissioner Heacock in the ha
beas corpus mattter of Lee Wing
Chunfr. allowing the petitioner to bo
landed as a native American citizen.
United States District Attorney Wood
worth and First Assistant Duncan E.
McKinlay having given notice that
they would take an appeal to the
United States. Supreme Court, the
court placed Lee under bonds "of $100
to appear should the Supreme Court
decide that the District Court was
without Jurisdiction.
The appeal is being taken to test
the soundness of opinions recently de
livered by United States District Judge
Ray of the Northern District of New
York and by United States Circuit
Judge Wheeler of Vermont to the ef
fect that when the Commissioner of
Immigration has decided that theap
plicant f6r admission to this country
is not a native American his judgment
cannot bo reviewed by the courts.
Jurisdiction of Commissioner of' Im
migration Appears to Conflict With
Thnt of Federal Judjjes.
GOVERNMENT APPEALS
TO THE SUPREME COURT
Subsequently he married, but did
I not notify the officers of the associa
| tion to pay the benefit to his wife.
. When Sheehan died his widow asked
i for the SCOO. Her request was refused
1 and she brought suit to compel pay
j^iient. Her principal argument was
j that nothing was said in the associa
! tion's constitution about paying death
| benefits to mothers. It is held that
: no fcuch narrow construction can be
j placed on the rules in question and
i that the mother is entitled to the
• money.
The court vesterday affirmed the
Superior Court judgment in the case
j of Robert Lang, who was sentenced
' to serve five years in San Quentin for
j breaking Into a room at 501 Geary
I street and stealing an overcoat.
Journeymen Butchers' Protective As
sociation Must l*ay Money to
Deceased Member's Mother. ,
Catherine Sheehan can get nothing
from the endowment < fund of the
Journeymen Butchers' Protective As
sociation, according to a decision ren
, dered by the Supreme Court yester-
I day. The association provides in its
j constitution that a sum of money av
¦eraging about ?600 shall be paid to
| the relatives of deceased members.
j When Edward Sheehan joined the or
j ganization he directed that the benefit
I be paid to his mother in case of his
i death.
(WIDOW CAXXOT SECURE
$600 DEATH BENEFIT
There is a certain amount of per
turbation existing in tho ranks of the
Musicians' I'nion regarding its fail
ure, so far, to induce the Ancient Or
der cf Hibernians to employ union
musicians at its anniversary ball next
Thursday night. An appeal has been
taken to the executive committee of
the Labor Council asking that it inter
cede in the matter.
The Musicians' I'nion, in conjunc
tion with other organized bodies, has
entered a protest atjain^t the proposed
ordinance prohibiting street meetings.
An indorsement of th-* Allied Provision
Trades Council was passed by this
body at its last meeting. President
Gompers* condemnation of the prac
tice of street railroad men playing in
bands when not on duty was approved
and the matter was referred to the
Labor Council.
At the next meeting of the Varnish
ers' and Polishers' Union a vote will
be taken on the proportion to increase
the per capita tax of the members for
the Fupport of the general office. This
union will entertain its members at
a social to-nig'iit-
Next Sunday is the date fixed by the
Lithographer?' Union for its annual
outing at Shell Mound Park. The fol
lowing committee has charge of the
arrangements: J. Collins. C. Kaiser. H.
Falk. C. Troll. G. Olsen. D. Hart. E.
Walter?. J. Morris. C. Traung, V. Ol
sen, J. Heins, H. Franks, G. Caldwell
and George Strohle.
Material Team Drivers' Union Xo. 1
is' now considering the advisability of
applying for a charter to the inter
national brotherhood in the East. A
vote will be taken on the subject at
the next meeting. Stirring addresses
were made at the last meeting by
Grand President C. P. Shea and Gen
eral Organizer Albert B. Young, after ;
which half a dozen applicants were i
admitted and over twenty-five p.pplica- j
tions received. The union is reported !
to be in a flourishing condition.
A lengthy statement of the Stockton
labor trouble has been prepared for
peneral distribution all over this coast
by the Stockton Federated Trades
Council of that city. Considerable
fault is found in the circular with the
acts of the Holt Manufacturing Com- I
pany and the Houser-Haines Company
for their alleged action in breaking
previous agreements with organized
union bodies.
The Sugar Workers' Union has set
June 12 as the day for its annual pic
nic at Fairfax Park.
Musicians' Inion Fails to Compel
Hibernians to Kniplojr fiiJon
Mnstc at I Jail.
LATK HAPPENINGS IX Till-:
FIELD OF ORGANIZED LABOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 1 5, 1904.
Day Is Consumed and Only Half Panel Secured in Second
Hearing of Woman Accused of Murdering Mrs. Dunning
I and Mrs. Deaneby Sending Deadly Candy Through Mails
SIX JURORS ARE CHOSEN FROM MANY
TALESMEN TO TRY CORDELIA BOTKIN
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: That Makes Shaving Easy.
¦ Made or the best materials for durabiltty
and pood service. Clade la of finest tem-
pered steel. The brant* la one that ?£ O Ul)
j you can depenri on. My yrice Is C» -^
i Wostenholm. Jordan, Henckel's. Stiletto
; and otter celebrated makes constitute my
; line*. \
SCISSORS from 25c up.
; FOCKET KNIVES, good ones', a? low as
! !0o.
j Three bant Williams' 10c Shavlnr Soap.
I 15c.
. Mall orders filled promptly.
! THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST., Above Powell.
- SAN FRANCISCO.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
; CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES. DAILY
at ;>:."?(» a. m.j throng* la 3 days,
. with diner and all trapping*..
' Other Santa re Tralni:
l:\nl' m'l fQr Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld
8:00 a m.i /MerewJ. Har.ford and Vlsalia.
; 4:00 p. m. fcr Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kar.sa« City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago. -
TICKET OmcHS— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. F. Alto 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland, CaL 27 South First St..
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UN FRANCISLI) A»j HUHtt PAClfiJ
EA1LWAY COMPANY.
Titmron Perry, root of Market Street.
sait ruAisrcisco to saw eapael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:aJ.
3:30, r» : 1 0. (r.M p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
. SatuWays— Extra trip at l:M>and 11 :;:o p. m
SUNDAYS — 8:00. »::<¦> 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30. 6:00. 8:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— C:05. 7:^3. 7:W>. l>:2«, 11:13
a. m.; 12:00. 3:40. &:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:1)5 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40,
3:40. 4:5.\ S:U3. tf:2S p. m.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco. | Sept. 27. 1^03. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun-~j Destlna- J Sun~|"week
Days, j days. | tlon. | days.*) Day«.
7:30al 8:00 a! b:10a~jf:40a
J 0:30 al Ignacio 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p|S:30p| 0:05 p 6:20 p
8:10 p| ft:00p| t 7:33 p
7:30 a " 9>:loV| 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 6:30 a Petaluma - 6:0S p ii::'ii p
6110 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Fanta Ro?a.
7:30 a 10:40 a[10 - :20 a.
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor.
7:30a S:COa Healdfburg. 10:40 a 10:20a
Lytton,
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyserrille. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 a 10-20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p and Ukiah. 7:33 p 6:20 p
7:30 a| 6:00 a| Wllllts. |7:35pl6:2tfp
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:80 p| Guernerllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8'40~a
5:10 p| C:0Wp| Glen Ellen. • | «:03p| 6:20 p
7:3Oa|8:0Oa| |10:40 a!10:20 a
3:a0p[3:30p| • Sebastopol. | 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
STAOES connect at Green Erae for San*
Cuentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
firings; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey.
servlllej (or Skacas Springs; at Cloverdale for
th*, Geysers. Boonevllle and t Greenwood- at
Hopland for .Duncan Springs. Highland- Springs.
Kelseyville... Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartl*tt Sptfnps: at Ukian for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Spring*. Blue Lakes, Laurel
D*U Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno
Potter .Valley. John Day's, niversfde. Llerly'*'
BucknelU. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Orr'a
Hot Springs, Halfway House. Comptche. Carr.p
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags
Westpart, Usat: at > Wliliu for Fort Brag?
Westport. 8her,wood. Cahto, Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cumming*. Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
sen' », Dyer.". Garbervllle. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka. ' * . .
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • •
On Sunday round-trlD tickets to all points
beyond- San Rafael at half rates. I
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronicle
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RTaV.
Gen._ Manager. Oen. Pass. Agt. .
CV.T. Tamalpais Railway
.. Leave Tia Stostlito Ftrrj Arrive .
S— l^fantfao fstrfKtfgsta San Prandacsj,
\Vcak :SunT" m» Sun- Week*
Days, day* jsralg«iJK days Days.
*ll.t3 a u «:ooa W&yt&ifcSQL I3io&rn$7454
•t:45r O:0Oa gg^?»i» l:25r *:50r
S:lftr 10:OOa wSS^aT M:&Or 5:5Op
11:00a «:BO» t:SO»
-^*0ss«Mt TlH itsp %t *^ t+m wd TlBrr Ois^ -^
n«r J 628 Maxjcxt ST^(North Shore RailroadJ
VRCB f aad Saosauto Fsaar. Fool Market Sc
KAILWAY TBAVEL.
1 I f svffstr 1^1 Trains leimTe and bit*
] I . V "OMTes j . J due to arrive at
i y^K^^-yJy SAN fraxcisco.
! f \ $ y (MMn Line, Ferry Depot
*^^ Foot of Market Street >
HtTI — FKOM F»f«l'»T IT. l'JI». — AKR1TI
7.00a VacaTl'.le. Winter*, llumity 7-50/
i 7-00 a Ecnlcla. Sulsuru Elralra aad Sacra-
1 meotu 7-20F
I 7 30* Vallejo, Napn, Caltstopi. SanU
> Uos*. Mitrtlnez, Sir. li.unon 8 20f
! 7-30* Ktle*. Llrermorc. Tracy, Lut&rop.
Stocfcron 7-20>
8-00* 6ba«ta Rspreia— (Via Darti).
Wtltum? (fcr Bartlett Springs).
Wlllowi. tFruto. Hod UiuiT.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7-5Oe
8.00a Davis. WooUIaatl. Knlzbta LaaUlne.
Maryirlile. OrorJUo 7-60p
8-30* Port Costa. Martinez. Antloch,
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
mah. Zoa Uanoa. Mendota,
Arniona, IUnford. Vital la,
VorterTllle 4.10p
8-5Ca Fort Co*t:». M.irtlnex. Tracy. Lath-
. rop, Mudrji.., Merced. Fresoo.
Gosbeo Jtinctton. U an ford,
; VUalla. Balcernneld 4-50r
8.30* Kites. San. Joae. Llvermor*. 8toea>
- ton. (tMllton). lone, Sacramento,
Pincerrtlle. M*ry»Tlllf. Calco,
Bed DlufT 420p
8 30« Omkdale. Cblnete. Jamestown. So-
norn, Tuuliunne ami Ansel* ..... 4 20r
3 00* Atlantic Expre^n— OKden and Ka»t. 11.20*
9.30* Rtohmond. Martinez and War
Station* S 50s*
1000a Tbe Overland Limited — Ogdea.
Denter. Omaha. Chicago. 8 20r
10.00* Vallejo. 1220*
1000a Los Ansrele* Pa»«engrer — Port
Cosu. Martinez. Ityroa. Traey,
Lxthrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Cosben Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lcmoore, Vlialta.
B»l;eriflfl<l. Los Angeles 7.20»
12.00» Bay ward. Nllesaod War Stations. 320p
ti.OOr Sacramento Rtrer Steamers tii.OOr
130r Brntcia. ivtnters. Sacramento.
Ij. WuodlAnd. Kntgbtt Landing.
MarTtvllIe. Orotltle and w»/
lUtfoni 1050k
3.30* Bay ward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7-SOr
3.30' Port Coata, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Latbrop. Modesto.
Mereisd. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions be rood Port Ce*tA 12 20r
330p Martlnei. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt... 10.20*.
4. OOP Martlnex.6an i:amon.VaUeJo,Kapa,
Callstoga, Santa Uo»a 820*.
4.00r Kllet. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20*
4.30r Haywurd. Nile*. Irrlngton. Saa I fS.60*
Jose. Llvermore | f\ 1.50*.
6 00r Tbe Owl Limited— Vewman. Loa
Banoa. Mpnduia. Fresno. Tulara,
BakertOeid. Loa Angeles.
Oolden State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Los Angele*. for cnl-
cssro. tIi C. It. I. * P 8 50a
6 COr Port Cotta. Tracy, Stockton 12 20*
t5 30i" Hayward. JJlies and San Jose,.... 7.20*
6-OOr* Hay ward. Nile* and S^n Jos«. 9 &0*
6. 00r Eastern Expresa— Oft v. Denver.
Oinaba, St. Lonls. unlcaito and
East. Port Coita, Benlcla. Sut>
sun, Klmlra. 1>»»1*. Sacramento^
RockllD, Auburn. Colfai.
Trnclcee. Boca, Kono. Wads-
wortb, Wlnoemucea 5 2 Jr
6. 00? Vallejo, daliy. except Sunday.... ( ten.
7.00» VaUeJo, 8uad«y only f ' oOF
7X0p hlchmond. San Pablo, Port Costa,
Martlnei aud Way Stations 11.20a
8 C5f Oregon * California Express— Sao>
ramento, MarysTllle. Redding.
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8-59*
8.1 Op Bay ward. Xlles and Saa Jos« (Sna-
dayonly) 11.80*
COAST LINE (Marrow UmgeJ.
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.16*. Newark, Coaterrlile. Sao Jote,
Felton, Boalaer Creek. Bast*
Croa and Way Stations S 53»
t2.18# Newark. Center* tile, San Jos«,
New Almaden. Los Gatos.Feltoa.
Boalder Craek. Santa Cru and
Principal Way Stallone 110 55*
4.15' Newark. San Joie, LosOatos »adt t8-5S4
way swUonn } J10&5*.
*9 30p Bnateri Trnln, Saturday only, Saa
Joae and Way Stations. Rctiirn-
ln« from Loa Gatus 8un.iay only. f7 28**
w OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. -
FromdAN KICANCISCO. iuutuf Market St. <SU»«»
-17:13 »:f« U:00a.M. 100 3 00 6.15P.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Itroadway — t«:U) tStO8
13:05 10:0) a.m. 1ZQQ 2 00 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE! <Uroa.i Uanx«V >.
pr* (Third ami l'mrasend Streets.)
8.10a San J^se and Way SUtlons • 30p"
700* San Jose and War buttons 5 39*
8 00a New Almaden (Taes.. Krlrt., only). 4.10»
C00* Tbe Coaster — Stops only Saa Jose, I
.""-* . Ollroy (connection for Hollla-
ter). Pajara Castrorllle (coa-
nectlon to aad from Monterey
•nd PactHc Orore), Salinas, Saa
Ardo. Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
K *riu. San Luis Oblspo, principal
atatlons thence Surf (connection
for Lompoc). principal stations
tbenee Santa Barbara,San Baena-
Tentara, Sanrns. Los Angeles... 19 43?
f.00* San Jose. Tres Pino*. C» pi tola.
bantaCrui.PadflcGrore.SaltBML '
San Lnls Oblspo and Principal
- Way Stations ....._ 4.10>
10-80* San Jose and Way Stations. ; 1.20P
11 30a ganta Clara. San Jose. Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.3a?
1-30P 8aa Joae and Way Stations S3**
IOOp Del Monte Kxprens— Santa Clara,
San Juse. Del Monte. Monterey.
.-.-s,-y- •- Peclftc Orore (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crux. Boulder '
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Ollroy for HolUster. Tree
Plnos. at CaatrorlUe for Salinas. 12-1S*
8-S0p Tres Plnos Way Passenger 10 45 a.
430p Ban Jose and Way Stations........ t3 00 a
tSOQp ban Jose, (Tbv Santa Clara) Los
- Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) *S 00*
16 30p 8anJoseandPrlnclpMWaySt«tlons 19.40*
6X0p enniet Limited.— Kedwood. San
Jose, Gllroy. Salinas. Paso Koblea,
San Lnls Oblspo. 8anta Barbara,
Loa Angel»s. bemlntr. £1 Pasov
¦ New Orleana, New Tork. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crua
• •' end at CastrorUie for Pacing
Grore and Way Stations 7.10v
tS -ICp 6anMateo.Beresford.Belmont.6aa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks, ¦ — ' •
Mento Park. Palo Alto TS 4R k
8 30p San Jose and Way Stations. ' 339*
• OOP Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15*
11. Mr oOuthSanFranel*co,MlUbrae,Bar>.
llnjame. San Mateo. Belmoat,
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oakx
Uenlo Park, and Palo Alto...... f.43*
•11. Mp May field. Mountain View, Sunny-
rale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
SanJosa... f-4**'
A forMorntnj. P for Afternoosv "
1 Sanday exeepted. , * t Sunday only- .
a Saturday only.
| Stops at all stations on Sunday.
t»*Oniy traioi stopping at Valencia St. ion:abo»a<5
«re6:10 a.m^I-.OOa.m^ 11:90 A*M.,t:S0»'JL ( 8:90 rja.aa4
«:88 TJt, -- ' •' ¦ . - : - . ¦ -
m^^^ TOSANRAFAEU
igM^Mi ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
j^^^P^j CAZADERO, Etc.
IWEBBBBtagai&Sfia 1 ]' Via Sansalito Firry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
DepaxWrem San Francisco Dally 7:ot». 9:00;
9:00, 1O:UO. ll:0O a. m., 12:20. 1:45, 3:13. 4:13.
S:13. 6:15. 7:00. s:4S. 10:20. 11:43 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. 3:25. «:3&. 7:40. »:ZS. 0:35. 11:05 a.
m., 12:20. 1:43. 2:53. 3:45. 4:43. 5:43. <:43.
8:45, 10:20 cm. '
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAM FRAN-
CISCO— Dally.: 8:45. 6:35. 7:32. 8:33. »:35»
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:0% 3:13. 4:05. 5:05. 6:03.
7:03. 9:00. 10:35- p. rn. -
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally— Cazadero and .way stations.
5:13 v. m. week days • (Saturday excepte<3>— .
Tomalec and way stations.
.3:13 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. --'
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyea and
way eta tions. unBB
TICKET .OFFICE— 623 Market it
" FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market st
ADVERTISEMENTS.
il vC^iDir ALL | -j
•ADVEBTIEEMENTS.
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Cbas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 3O years. Allow no one
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and.
<*«Tu«*-as-grood" are but Experiments, and endanger the
hcaith or Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil. Pare- J
jroric. Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Xarcotic
Mibstance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Fcverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and "Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates tho
Stomach and Bowels, giving liealtliy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
vy Bears the Signature of ,,, Mr rn
In Use For Over 30 Years. \
TMC eCMTM* COM*»rj<r. TT MUMHaV BTRCCT. NCWTOKK CITY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Miss Alice M. Smith, of Min.^»
neapolis. Minn., tells how -wo-
man's monthly suffering may
be permanently relieved by Lydia
EPiukham'sVegetableCompound
". Dear Mrs. Pikkbam : — I ; have
never before given my endorsement
for any medicine, but Lydia £.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
has added so much to my life and
happiness that I feel like making an
exception in this case. For two years
every month I would have two days of
severe pain, and could find no relief, but
one day when visiting a friend I ran
across Lydia E. Plnkham's Vege-
table Compound, — she had used
it with the best results and advised
me , to try it. I found that it worked
wonders with me ; I now experience
no pain, and only, had to use- a few
bottles, to bring about this wonderful
change. I use it occasionally now
when I am exceptionally tired or worn
ont."— Miss Alicb M. Smith, 804 Third
Ave., South Minneapolis, Minn., Chair-,
man Executive Committee, Minneapolis
Stndy Club. — $5000 forf tit If original of above
letter proving gtnulnenesa cannct be produced. ,..
'Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound carries women safely
through the 1 various natural
crises and is tho saf e-gruard of
woman's health.
The truth about {this great
medicine is told in : the letters
from women being published in
this paper constantly.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; MARCH 15, 190i
12
SPIRITUALISM. J
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium; readings dally, SI; de-
veloping class Thursday S p. m. 502 Eddy st.
MME. YOUNG, convincing spirit messages
to-night. 10c. 019 McAllister: readings dally.
MRS. LESTER, 883 Mission; life reader, busl-
nes3 medium: read, dally; clr. to-night, 10c
W. G. KEEOAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.. 10c; sit., 10 to 6. 148 Sixth- st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
9:30 to 4; seancea Sunday and Thursday.
MME. LUCRETIA, spirit medium; hours 10 to
5; circles every evening. 14S eth St., room 1.
ELISE BRAUN, renowned psychic. My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. 8S8 Bush.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
elate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
C. WILBUR DEAN'S materializing seance
- to-nl_ht. 1052 Ellis st.
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
PROFESSOR ALBERT a VICTOR.
The Famous
PALMIST AND C-AIRVOTANT.
Special Reduction for' Three Days.
SI— His S5 Reading for— $1.
Free Test 1 . . Fr«e Test! Free Test I
A Free Test to All Who Come Prepared to
Have a reading.
Without asking a Question he tells you your
name, your mother'* maiden name, the name
of the one you love, tells you your age and
what you called for, without asking a single
question.
THERE- IS NO AFFAIR of Importance^,
past, present or future — but what* Professor
Victor's occult eye can plainly reveal. -He will
point out the way that will lead to success In
buslnetis, speculations. Investments,* love, court-
ship, matrimony, divorce or anything you may
be In trouble about.
Unllk'e impostors and ' pretenders. Professor
Victor takes no money in advance and posi-
tively retuses to accept any fee if you are not
entirely satisfied. All business strictly con-
fidential. Hours from 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. .dally
and Sunday, 700 Post st,
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at once and save 949
His former $5 readings this week for
11. |1. II. |1. |1. |1. II. II. II. IL
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
You consult him.
(You to b« full Judge.) '
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clalryovant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
.1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
ise to tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry, in fact I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself; I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful in life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and burled treasures and insure you i success
or charge nothing for my service^; 10 a. in-
to 8 p. m. : Sundays 2 to 6.
326 — O'Farrell st. — 326.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
- St., cor. Turk: private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. ra.; readings by mall .as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, |1;
full life, 15; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth: don't send currency; «end postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
JUST ARRIVED - • DAGMAR
The Egyptian palmist, clairvoyant and card
reader; cor_ult on all affairs of life; If In
doubt, trouble or adversity, she will help
you. 100 McAllister st.. room 8.
A— MME. RAVENNA, formerly 6 Fourth St.:
<t, reads llfo: business advice; originator of
names given: for one week. 50c. Offices 835
Howard st., bet. Fourth and Fifth. ..-: .
A— Miss M. Wllle. 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly,
what you called fcr without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. |1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted, clair. _ palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L., 60c: O.. |I. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A — MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; 25.C up. 17 3d, next Exam.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG, palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader; when others fall try me;
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 2.'!ij 6th; 1. 25c, g. 50c.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c.
gents 50c. 120 Sixth st., room IS.
MIPS WARD, clairvoyant. 017 MarkM, rooms
11-12; gives dates, names, facts; hours 11-9.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents COc. 051 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2<i\Vt Kearny. room 20; ladles, 25c; gents, 50c.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-knorwn fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
ttngs dally. AARU, Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
COTTAGES TO LET.
LIBERTY. 571, nr. Castro — Cottage of 7 sun-
ny rooms, bath, njodern; garden..
CUBES BUPTPBE.
WHO T— Hunter. 120U Market St.: 1100; ruptur»
cure for $10; circular explains: send for one.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from |8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, 13 60; fillings. 60c;
plates. $5; full set; all work patnless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. H. G. TOUNG— Bridges and teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1841 Polk Ft.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 89c crowns, $2; no
pain;open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.201 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors,235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth, 11 60 up; crowns, |2 up;nlllngs,25c.
ARTHUS CH1SHOLM. s«rgeon-dentist.r.l4.1sT
floor. Phelan bid.. 800 Market, cor. O'Farre'.l.
EIlUCATIOXAIi.
tAT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the entire West. New, complete,
extenslv* departments. Thorough, inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
. CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 001-
025 Golden Uate avenue. j
ATRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket rt.; established IS years; the school that
weures positions' for graduates; Just added 23
new typewriters; catalogue free. ,
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST, 8.
F.— - Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand, Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market St.
STAMMERERS taught to -talk; no drawl,
singsong or motions. Call or write Natural
• -' Speech Academy, 1030 East Twenty-eighth
St., Los Angeles, Cal.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
¦for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
SOCIAL dances Wed.,'<Thurs... Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise .Foster's
School of Dancing.' 1650 Market, nr. La .rkln.
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College On
advice of official court reporters and be con-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' bldl;
' bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc. : day eve. : |4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines— Electricity. 24 Post
st..' S. F. ; a 1 practical school of engineering;
. ¦• complete equipment.: Special ¦ catalogue . free.
BANJO. ' mandolin ' and ¦ guitar i thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. .-', 462 Geary at. •¦_:
GUITAR.; ' mandolin • and piano; ,- 13 per ma ;
mandolin club $1 per mo. S2S. Halght st. .
ESPANOL— Metodo practlco - y • progreslvQ.
Rafael Serrano. -630 California, cuarto no. 4.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION : — Day and
PARTINGTON'S. . 424 Pine , St.— Nlgtt . class.
PIANO lessons, 25c half hour. MRS.". PECK,
experienced teacher. 1 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.'
JOHN D. SPBXCXX-S. Proprietor.^
--33 CEm_a_tfft_,,_ Wk Mfl-D-HiV M-liftr
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
Dt-ct You \Y:*.h the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F. j
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenscrn st. j
Delivered by Carriers 20 Cts. Per Week. 75 |
Ct*. P*r Month. Single Copies 6 Cents. <
Ttrnif by Mail Inclu<5;r.R Postage <Ca*h
OrCeO: _.
DAILT CALL (inc'.ua. Sunday). 1 r«ar...$S.«O
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). <J mos.... 4_oo j
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •?<¦
SUNDAY CALL 1 Year -••*'
W EEKLT CALL 1 Year • \ m
,, nR _.,, v r Daily. . -$S.SO Per Yesr Kxtra
PC*T^£ ">' 415 i'«r Year Extra
POSTAGE. L Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
6aiRple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of •£-
-rets ehould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prempt «nd correct co_rlia_ce with their re-
«ues_
OAKLAND OFFICE:
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE: .
2I4S Getter Street Telephone North 77
Washington correspondent:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Bartoo
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aitoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
t?nlon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
Bue Hotel ar.d Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ph*rman House- P. O. News Co.: Oreat |
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium j
Howl; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette Building
(Lccg D'.stenc* Telephone. 'Central 261».")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building j
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco !
Call, corner M-rket and Third streets; open j
— ni'. 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market etreei, opposite Fifth; open until ¦
II p. ra,
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«:9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larlcin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1!'41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22CI Merket eireet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
10'i Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1C0G Valencia street; cpen until . 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner pf Twenty -second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
V2'f FHlmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chafer No. 5. R. A. «
II.. will meet THIS (TUESDAY) YY
. EVENING March 15. at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
£tatfj meeting and EL A. degree. By
ordtr of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodp? No. 30. F. and _
A M — CaliPd m*eiinc THIS <TUES- VV
DAYi EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third />r\
dfpree By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lo3g«? No. 136 F. and A. ®
M.. will meet to-day at 1:30 p. m.. to vy
a!!«-ri<i the funeral of our late brother,
JOHN J. STEVENSON. Master Ma-
tons are invited.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
ORIENTAL Lodge No 144. F. and A, re
M — First degree THIS (TUESDAY) VY
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /VN
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
ANNT'AL meeting — The annual meeting of the
tto<-Kholders of the WESTERN SUGAR
REFINING COMPANY will be held
at the offi'"« of the company. No.
£27 Market st.. San Francisco, California,
on MONDAY, the 2J»th day of March. 1904. at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of elect-
ing » beard of directors to serve for the
ensuing ytar. and the transaction of such
other busings? as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday,
March IS. 19C4. at 12 m. W. H. HANNAM.
Eccretary.
ANNUAL Meetinc — HutthinFon Sugar Planta-
tion Company— The regular annual meeting of
The stockholders of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the office of the company. No. 327 Market
*treet (room 4. second floor), in the city
end county of San Francisco, Stat>> of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY, the 22d day of March.
A. D.. 1SKM. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
Jot the purpote of electing a Beard of DI-
r«-tors to serve for the ensuing year, -and
' fcr the transaction of such other business
• » may properly come before the meeting.
Transfer bocks will close on FRIDAY.
Msrch IL V.X*. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS.
Secretary Hutchins-on Fupar Plantation Com-
r«riy. 327 Market street, Ean Francisco,
California.
Pan Francisco. Cal.. March 8. 1904.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
cfivtij application to mine by haudraullc
-!*•<¦<-«* from F. M. Conn and- S. G. Simpson
r> Kmlsrsnt Hili rlacer mining <"laim. near
Qurncy. Plumas County. Cal.. draining into
Franis-h Cr»^k. which .reaches Feather River.
rlvf* notice that meeting will be held at
room 0« Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.,
Mar<-h 2«. 1S04. st 1 :3O p. m.
AGKXTS WANTED.
AGENTS -An agency for a proposition that Is
a <5»rid»d lmprovem.ent on building and loan
if worth having. Gr«»at. Western Improve-
m»nt CoTipany. Parrott building.
AGENCIES for every city or the Union for the
i'ar.-uts H«ir Tonic Co.; liberal terms. 414
Post st.. San Francisco. Cal.
¦WANTED- First-class life Insurance solicitor;
salary $100 pr month and commission*.
4fi_ Parrott bldg.
AGENTS— Good paying proposition! liberal
ro_— __ _on; ladles or tentlemen; 227 Starr
Klrr '[¦'.•! I'll-. e.
ADVEKTIS-MEirr WEITIHO.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three *4O scholarships In the best
• Cc'.lef^ of Advertising In the United States,
1 wil! sell them at 25 per cent discount for
eath: the college teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence an<l «s«!«s Its grad-
• t-at*s to c-ecurr positions: catalogues fur-
tityli^ on arrillratlon. Artrtre* t box 3n2rt. C»».
ATTOR.VEVS-AT-I.AW.
A PRIVATE. <juiok divorce for a umaJl fee! ¦¦
t~e* rr.e and rave money; no pay In advance.
'J W. HOWE. ATTORNEY- AT- LAW.
_>TBMi*h«>d 22 yrs.: nrs. 1. 2. 3. 4 _ S. 1st fL
1122 Market st.. between Mason and Taylor.
SMjytoe free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorcey-at-LawrExam. bldg..
rth flocr. entrance room till; established 20
yesr*.; al! castf, ger.f-ral court and office prac-
ti«-p; no fe* in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Te!. Red 3061.
UIVCHCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advlc*
free; cpen evenings. 027 Market st.. nn. SOI.
!¦. S. CLARK. 027 Market St.; consultation
frre: no fees in advance; open evenings.
¦ BUSINESS CHAXCE S^
flOfi — FINE raj-ing office and «-etabli«hed com-
mitxlon business during $]00 monthly. 1007>4
Matkct ii.. room 1.
SUMMnH resort; finest climate; big payer;
ccmr-I'-'o; np«r city; sickness; invert'g'at*.
101.7*- Market St., room 1.
*2~0— PARTNER wanted in established 'com-
grnisa-ion b-ttaasa clearing $150 monthly; will
Kive bank references; experience not re-
'julr^d; gran'l opportunity. 1OO7V4 Market, r.l.
A PAHTY with small capital to take Interest
I in - minin. claims la Council District
AlJ_k_, h»U. work property; rich paying
¦'Jalnis on all rtd*>s; btg returns; meet owner
heir;. C C. SMITH. 26 Montgomery, room 5.
FAJtTNErt -wanted in fine paying office busl-
grx*s; no experience required ; steady man
vanted; S7.V monthly to oath. 2V9 Kearny
*t., room 1. '/-ii-7, »'»'.
WELL - HSTABLISHF.D wholesale produce
i «rrmU5ion busJir > ?#; tales about $M) 000
}*-ar. a rcount departure; can be boujrht'for
cryt of fixture*. Box 4575. Call office.
A PARTNER wanted with small capital In
cju • of the best mail order 1,-usfness on the
ctsfr. paying a good profit and room for
«-r.l8ritcmcrit. Box 4f,)U, Oil office.
FOR tale — Horseradish grinding end dslicates-
•re bcti-ess. -4fl Vs Mission st.
_USI\ES!l CH A3f CEy-— Con tlwaea.
A — $40C0; CORNER raloon. with Ieas«: large
cellar; ear-1 and private rocms; kept by own-
ers for years: fullest investigation solicited.
See R. G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny -st.
A— $3000; GRILL rocrr and cafe; the leading
es:abli:--hnKnt in Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 und a Jinst-class paying business;
oilier investments only cause of sale. See
R.G. WILKE. 2«ii Kearny el.
A— sjl^CO; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 yeors; bakes 4',£ barxels
per Jay: daily sales $45; living rooms. Call I
h G. WILKE. -OVi Kearny »t.
A— <SI_59; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
etcre; close to Market and Stockton sts. ;
large stock: clears at least $230 per month; |
fuil value in sight; a splendid offer. _?e R. I
G. WILKE. _«»4 Kearny st.
A — »5<iO: BRANCH bakery and eandy store.
wi:h livlcg room*: daily receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE. 20 fc, Kear-y st.
A— $2:!00; Saloon, with leabe: estab. years;
vicinity of Fourth 6t., Market and Stockton;
place speaks for itself; all particulars. K.
G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st. "
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar. with 16 fur-
nished rooms: 5 years' lease; rent $65; *a
business where man and wife can easily
clear $3C0 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 28 V% Kearny st.
A— $30C0; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
St.; rent $40; lease ;3 horses, 6 wagons; bust,
ness estab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 Vj Kearny St.
A— *1C5C; COli. saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50; lease; a first-class paying place in
choicest locution; $150 per month clear guar-
anteed. R. G. WILKE.- -C^ IZearny st.
A— $10C0; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
gallery, averaging about $9 50 per day; ex-
penses about $5 per day; will sell or trade
for lodging-house. See R. .G. WILKE. 'M*6
Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery In
choicefct location: rent $S0; dally receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— JS50; COUNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton *ta.; rent $75; a splendid
location and rtre business chance. See R. !
G. WILKE. 2B4 Kearny st.
A — $2250: STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.;
no opposition; in thriving country town about I
75 miles from this city; a rare chance. For I
particulars fee R. G. WILKE. 26 tj Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 50x100;
house of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; nrice $3t>0O; not all /-ash required; a
good business. Call on R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny et.
A. CAMERON _ CO Phone South 1050
:; Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and Ice cream. parlors $200 to $25C0
Barber shops S50O to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Kestaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores : $2000 to $6000
Delicatessen stores. . . $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
FOR sale cr trade — Quartz mines: fine prospect:
located in CaL; assays $10 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy 6tore; all equip-
ment for making own candles; established 8
years; clears over $200 per month: will In-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city:
cheap rent; receipts $75 to J100 day: will
bear Investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
_ CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for email ranch— Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; well
located; clearing $300 per month: flrst-claM
proposition; will etand strict Investigation;
price $S000. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
A PORK delicatessen and restaurant; $275 if
sold at onc»: good location *for sausage-
maker. Apply 1837 Union st.
DELICACY store; Larkln St.; well patronized;
price $550. Apply 2C9 Kearny st.. room 1.
$250 — BRANCH bakery and restaurant; rent
$25; water free. 414 Jones st.
" _——_^_— —-—_—__—_—
FOR sale — $S500 cash will buy an old estab-
lished corner drug store in Sacramento;
stock complete and good condition: large
transient trade; expenses light; selling at a
discount on account of retiring from busi-
ness. Address P. O. box 444. Sacramento, Cal.
$600— PARTNER wanted, genteel business;
paying $100 monthly to each; short hours:
no experience required. Marln Investment
Co.. 235 Kearny st.
FOR *ale — Branch bakery, dairy produce,
candy and ice cream; . splendid trade; good
business location. For particulars, address
box 46tiO. Call office.
FOR sale — Good saloon In manufacturing part
of city: _ blocks from Market st. Inquire
WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO. (Inc.). 318 Clay.
CANDY and Ire crpam parlors for sale; near
Presidio; fine fixtures; everything neat and
clean. Box 462S. Call office.
FOR Fale — Saloon with living-rooms and card-
rooms and large hall at transfer corner;
leape; rent low. Box 4570, Call office.
CONFECTIONERY and Ice cream store In
first-class neighborhood and location; living
rooms; lease. Box 4619, Call office.
FOR fale In a live bay town — Candy, branch
bakery. Ice cream and tamale parlor. Ad-
dreys box 4618. Call office.
FOR sale — A lunch etand: good business; cheap
account of sickness. Call after 3 o'clock, 1301
Howard st. y
SEND or call room 222 Parrott bldg. for par-
ticulars of a. small. Fafe, honest 5 per cent
a month Investment, besides large profit.
STATIONERY, candy and Ice cream parlor;
furnished living-rooms; Inspection Invited.
Box 4577. Csll office.
$250— RESTAURANT: 3 living rooms: rent
$14; good reasons for selling. 502 Sixth st,
$C50 — FINE cigar stand: cheap rent; lease.
Opposite Transport. East and Folsom sts.
WANTED — Grocery In a good location for
business. Address box 4630. Call office.
$1MX> — GROCERY and bar; location is. good:
well stocked; rood business. Box 4508, Call.
$20 — WEEKLY: steady young man with $175
wanted. Apply 235 Kearny st.
GOOD saloon and boarding-house: 22 beds;
near water front; $760. Box 4359, Call. •
ROUTE on CalL Apply at office.
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap. 3127
Buchanan st. . .
A~BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
op»ned at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until II p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFT1N.
408*nearet building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In fine front offices.
Phone Black 3tS07, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
.We do business strictly according to law.
• SPECIAL— 52.
GUARANTEED to clear over $200 per month:
52 rooms; well and substantially furnished;
always full .and eminently respectable; house
north of. Market; rent $3 50 per room; price
$4500; part cash and balance as you earn it
In the house. See MARION GRIFFIN. •
SPECIAL— SS.
CUT THIS ADD OUT. SEE ,
MARION GRIFFIN about that apartment
house of 38 rooms, all permanently rented:
{ first payment only $750 and balance, aa you
: make it; rent very low for such a house. '
SPECIAL— 8. .
A newly furnlehed 8-room flat.
One block north, of -Market, and
If you have $100 to pay down, go and •
See MARION GRIFFIN at your earliest.
SPECIAL— lOrt ROOMS, i
NEW and modern: elegant furnishings; 7-year
lease; "Income $1097:' total expenses- $639;
pro*t SJ5S each month; price, $10,000.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner bldg.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.'
GRAND sunny corner of 40 rooms, • clearing
$173 over all: sale on easy terms; swell loca-
tion ;U>wner sick. MARION GRIFFIN. ¦
SPECIAL— 21.
THINK twice — First, that we can sell you a
21 -room house full of roomers for only $1200;
second, that you need only pay $400 down,
for 'we lend you the balance, payable- in
monthly installments. .
MARION. GRIFFIN, room 406. Hearst bldg.
____________
NEW house, 3 blocks north ¦ of . Market: . 30
very large, . desirable rooms; low; rent; 3-year
lease; most artistically -furnished;, will, clear
$200 to $300."> owing to management.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406, Hearst bldg.
LODGING HOUJiKS FOR SALE — .Con.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters tor roomin.-huuseu. ; hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
128 rooms; cheap rant; long lease; flrst-
class u;»to-thite downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $50U to $000 per month; musst
cell un account other business; only with us.
a-room, new, modern flat: 4 months; elegant-
ly furclshed; cost over $1SIK>; a bargain; sick-
ue& s. .
50 rooms; elegantly furnished; fine location;
close in; new and mudern throughout; full and
clearing $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
un it — sked; chance of a lifetime.
90 rooms; part offices: elegant new building
and furniture; hieh-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; _rst-clat>s grill In
connection; . best proposition in city; called
East. . .
-4 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; nzu» proposition;
sood lease.
17 rooms; rent only $70; oak furniture, Ax-
mlnster caroets; fine location; clears $80; fine
buy.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, b&lanoe time;
$450.
2S rooms; oak fur.; velvet carpets; close in;
can be run as boardlnr-house if desired; $1500.
162 rooms; most elegantly' appointed apart-
ment-house in S— n Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance $3 per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $85: well furnished: all new;
$600 down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
28 rooms: rent only $60: north Market; all
full; clears $100 per month; price $1800; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
10G rooms; new; most elegantly, appointed
family hotel In city; all full and clearing $4TK)
to $600 per month; books open for Inspection;
obliged to leave city.
7-room flat; rent ?40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel: beautiful furnishings;
clearing $000 per month; every room full; will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms: rent only $100: well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
. 20 rooms; cheap rent; close. In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
88 rooms; corner: rent only $500; best down-
town house In city; electric elevator: well fur-
nished; guaranteed to clear $400 to $500 pet
month; books ocen for Inspection: everything
in first-class shape; on account other business.
30 rooms: rent only $150: oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close in; fine money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luurlously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ins $400 to $G00 per month; obliged to leave
city.
11 rooms: rent $40: close in: oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
48 rooms; rent only $G6; well located hotel
pouth of Market: fine bar; well stocked; brick
building; electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate foi
large downtown house.
8-room upper flat; corner: all sunny room*;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms: fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate bathe: beautiful furniture: 2 entrances:
takes In $30 to $40 per day transient,- besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
21 rooms: corner: rent only $S5: oak fur.:
good, carpets; housekeeping: all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
prlc# S1600.
5rt rooms; new; modern apartment-house: 10-
year leas*: cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new. modern building; In
one of the best cities in Southern California;
electric lights: hot and cold water: everything
up to date; f»-vear lease: rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms; well furnished; first-class tran-
sient house: 2 blocks off Market: 5-year lease;
clearing over >100; good buy for some one.
31 rooms; rent $110; all light rooms: clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap: only $RO0
to get In: must l*ave city at once; price $1300.
lM'ijBoms: cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished; up-to-date apartment-house; hat
fire bar: can be run in conjunction if desired;
rare chnnre for right parties; part cash, hnl-
ance can be paid out of hous»: other business
Interests demand immediate departure.
120 rooms; rent only M per room: new and
un-to-date house; all men: electric elevator.
M_Titn: long leaFe; clears S4ftO to $500 pej
month: one of the b»st buys In the city.
MITCHELL & CO Phone Jessie 2981
1206 Market St.. opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; renl
$40; sell or exchange; price $650.
65 rms.: downtown house; steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
2tt rms.: choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady -roomers.
25 rooms: well appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady mui>t sell: make offer.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
100 ROOMS, sunny corner, rent $125. .. .$4500
40 rooms, 6outh of Market, rent $110.. 26O0
46 rooms. Mission warm belt, rent $65. 2250
20 rooms, summer resort, rent $400 yr. 650
14 rooms, fine location, rent low....... 700
Hotels »n<1 summer resorts.
EITEL _ CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
A— $1000; house of SO rooms, 37 beds; rent $100,
lease of 4 years; good furniture; rooms always
occupied. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
FOR sale--ll-room house, nicely furnished; full
of steady roomers; clears $52 over rent: own-
er paralyzed ; must sell : offer. 643 Geary st.
CENTRALLY located corner house: 04 rooms;
nicely furnished: rent $225; long lease; musl
be sold. WILSON. 409 Taylor st.
32 ROOMS north Market; fronts 3 streets; al]
light rooms: sale at bargain: clears $100.
Apply own*r, J25 Fifth Bt.
FOR sale — Lodging-house. 20 rooms: on Mar-
ket St.; clearing over $135 per month. Bo>
/ 45-93. Call office.
A— 14 ROOMS: snap; all full. Call 212 Fiftt
St.. between 1 arid 3 p. m.
18 ROOMS: rent'»70: long lease; furnished new
?clears $60. Call at S56 Ellis n_
LODGING-HOUSE. 36 rooms; rent $125; wll
sell reasonable. Box 4597. Call office.
SUTTER — 14 large, light corner rooms; nlcelj
furnished; all rented; "bargain hunters, ex"
amlnn this. Owner. 209 Kearny St., room I
HOUSE of 30 rooms; rent $50; price $600. Cal
1116 Mission st. .¦
CA nPETlBEATlNG Aft D _¦ CLEANING
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpeti
on floor, without removal; price moderate
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.; Cal
building. Phone Main 5237. , \
WHEN you become disgusted with your wori
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat
Ing „ Works. 355-357 Tehama et.; tel. South 40
CONKLIN'S Superior , Carpet-beating Work«
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
DEL MONTE — Carpets renovated on the floor
also beating. 547 Hayes St.; phone Page 63£
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S09 Har
rlson st. ; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard;tel.8outh 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props
RUDOLPH _ CO., carpet-beating works; price:
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 20.!
CXOTHI-TQ RE-TOVATINQ. '
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring an
dyeing. Bon Marche,' 40 Ellis St., 'room 14
phone Drumm 44.. Call for and 'deliver free
BAD tenants ejected for $4; 'collections made
city or country- Pacific Collection Co..- 41
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 5580.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTItKSSE
Accordion, sunburst and . knife -plaiting: doubl
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button nn
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel.Folsom 2121
McDOWELL -Dressmaking & Mlllnery Schoo!-
Patt terns cut to measure; eve. class 1019 Mkt
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED — MALE.
A RELIABLE young man. good character.wlth
the use of one arm, desires a position as
watchman, or any kind of work. J. JUSLIN.
611 Washington st.
WANTED — A situation by a respectable man;
good cook, gardener, make butter, milk; ex-
perieficed poultry raiser; references. Box
4C37. Call office. •
YOUNG man Wishes a situation as engineer:
has 10 years' experience of oil burning and
steam fitting. Address Engineer, box 4574.
Call office.
COACHMAN— Position wanted by competent.
I reliable young Englishman; understands
gardening; can milk. Box 4376. Call.
BAKER.- first-class all-around bread and cake
baker and confectioner: country preferred.
BURTON. 192 Seventh st.
YOUNG man desires position as grocery sales-
man: a year's experience; best references.
Box 4644. Call.
RELIABLE, steady man. handy with tools,
wishes position; wages no object. Box 4564,
Call office.
A TRUSTWORTHY man wants position as
night watchman; can furnish references.
Address I. B.. 756 Folsom st.
ELEVATOR operator— Reliable young man
wants position as elevator man In the city.
Box 4557, Call 'office.
AN experienced operator on Burroughs adding )
machine desires work. Box 2286. Call office.
POSITION wanted by an experienced • wood-
turner. Box 4568. Call office. v
COOK, competent, all-around man; 'hotel or
restaurant; city or country. Box 4624. Call.
POSITION wanted a« collector; best of refex-
ences. Box 4654, Call.
BOY wants Job as apprentice In tinsmith shop.
Box 4533. Call office.
YOUNG man. 24. sober and steady, would like
position of any kind. Address box 4397. Call.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a
position as schoolboy; $2 week; plain cook
or waiter. SAKA. box 43S3. Call.
A JAPANESE boy wants a place to do cook-
Ing In small family; speaks English very
well. FRANK NAKA. 1714 Devlsadero St.;
tel. Scott 577.
A JAPANESE- boy wants a position as school-
boy. KARA, 35 William st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions ha3 been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. n_ . .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received «t
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan _ Church sts.
' . FEATHER RENOVATING.
BY new, healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
_^ FINANCIAL.
F"OR sale — 25 shares (S per cent preferred,
$100 each p. v.>; reliable, legitimate local
corporation; wholesale druggists; splendid;
safe; cash opportunity. Box 4412, Call of flea.
iFURXITPRE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods of every description: flats
bought. Mission Auc. House. 420-439 Valencia.
NEWLY furnished flat of 7 rooms; rent $35:
must be sold at once; a snap at $175. 1012
Golden Gate ave.
SOLID oak furniture cheap; 3 rooms. 4 Bond
8t.. near Twelfth and Mission.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs,* packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD, auctioneer, 1818 Mkt.; tel.Howard 2756
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages. *eot to any address la the
United States or Canada one y«ar for $1.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department: over 1000
in number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO.,
1039 MARKET ST.,
. OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service- absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
FELL. 651, between Buchanan and Webster —
New sunny flat, never occupied: S rooms and
bath; every modern Improvement. ¦
PINE, 70tt\i, near Powell — Upper flat. 6 rooms
and bath; seen all day; fine view; $37 50.
See owner on premises.
SWELL 4 rooms and bath. 957 Hayes st. ; wa-
ter, garbage; hall ljghts; Janitor service;
$30-132 SO.
TWENTY-SECOND. 3556. near Dolores— 5
rooms and bath; double parlors; rent $15.
ELEGANT NW. cor. flat; 7 rooms (all front);
bath, marine view: $45. Phone Geary 418.
¦ FLAT, 5 rooms; bath: stable: sanitary Im-
provements. Apply 33S Thirtieth st.
FULTON. 225 — Flat of 3 rooms; rent $12.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A; HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
JUST completed: new 6-room flat: tinted and
all the latest Improvements. 2413 Folsom st.
LINDEN ave., 50T — Three nice sunny rooms,
basement; rent $11.
SUNNY flat to let. Including stalls for 8 or 4
horses. 814 Treat av*., near 21st and Folsom.
YORK, 925. bet. 21?t and 22d sts— Modern flat
of 5 sunny rooms and bath: rent reasonable.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addres* In th*
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET — Fl'KXISHKI).
A NICELY furnished flat of 6 rooms and bath;
good home; can rent rooms: rent $22 per
month: $200. 328 Sixth St.: sickness.
WASHINGTON. 2833, near Alta Plaza— Beau-
tlfully furnlFhed sunny flat of 7 room*.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
SIXTH, 32S — 6 rooms and bath; nice home;
cheap rent; must be sold; sickness.
$3T>0 — FURNISHED flat. 7 rooms; new, mod-
ern; or will rent furnished. 524 Turk st.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Phone Grant 185
Hotd and Family Departments.
Head waitress, city hotel $35
Waitress, country hotel, no uniforms, $30
¦ month, room and board.-
Waitresses same, commercial country
hotel $25
Waitress, springs $25
• Waitress, short distance $25
Chambermaids, chambermaids to walt.$'JO-$-J.">
• Girl, attend bakery $5 week
Waitress", resort, fare paid $25
Five waitresses, city hotels S2O>$30
Young nurseglrlK. good home ..$12*15
Cooks, houseglrts. second girls, nurses. $12-$:!0
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush St.
A MAN and wife to run small country hotel:
see party here. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 429
Bush st. J
A CHAMBERMAID. $8 50 a week: waitress,
|30- laundress, $30: 4 second girls. $25; two
• cooks $*>: 10 housesirls. $25 and $3O; hous.--
Cirl. 'Palo Alto. $35. MRS. NORTON, 313
gutter st. ¦
A WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc: trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
• teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
Wesl. 233 Geary »t.. room 13.
A Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
talesladies. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening clas3. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
LADIES wanted . everywhere, copying letters
at home evenings or spare time and return
to' us: no mailing or canvassing: $9 weekly
earned: materials free. Enclose self-ad-
• : dressed envelope for particulars. Guarantee
' Co., No. S4, Ninth St., Philadelphia. Pa. >
A— LADIES to Jearn all branches halrdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket sL, cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve, class; call.
WASTED — Girl for plain cooking and down*
stairs work: no window cleaning; wages $25-*
?3O. • 821- California st. ' . ¦"¦•;-
WANTED — A competent girl for general
housework and cooking. - 1622 Geary st.
WANTED — First-class waist and coat helpers.
J. 13AEK. 1200 Geary st. SSI
EDUCATIONAL— Contlnocd.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
. dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.,
bet. Pine and California; classes' now open.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, et>. ; est 1SG.4. Van
<!e-r Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SPANISH.French.etc. Prof.DeFlllppe'eAcademy
of language; 320 Post : estab'd 1871: ablest profs.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES..
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post St.; tel. Bush~133—
Japvnese-Chlneee employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese.
Chinese help. 420 Powell »t. Tel. Main 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau,
504 Kearny St., room 3; phone Black 4458.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung-e, 411>4 O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chines*
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment O(-
• flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and. Japanese help; estab. 20 yean.
Tel Main 1997. BRADLEY _ CO.. 640 Clay.
ES1PLOVBIEXT WASTE- — FI-MA-K.
STRONG, willing American woman wants
laundry work only. $1 25 and car fare;
sweeping and cleaning if no laundry work.
T37% Howard st.. second flight, room 12.
YOUNG German girl would like a position for
second work or chambermaid: wages $25;
. city or country. Box 4408. Call office.
COMPETENT girl wants a situation to do
housework in small American family;
wages $20. Box 82, 1008 Market st.
WANTED — Work by the day by a German
lady. . Call or address 420 Sixth st.
FINLAND girl, good cook, wants situation ;
, wages $30. . 245 Clara et. . .
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 2949
. Sixteenth st. ' . -
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by
the clay gor at home; $2 'and lunch: shirt-
waUts. suits and summer dresses. 27B Pearl
st. . bet.-, • Market and Thirteenth.
2 FINLANDER . girls wish positions; one as
cook, other as general housework; best of
references. Address 13 Hampton terrace, off
Washington st.. bet. Powell and Stockton.
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse wishes engage-
ments; best references; $12 a week. Call or
address MRS. WILSON, 474% Tehama St..
near Sixth: no postals.
WANTED — By thoroughly experienced sick
./ nurse, engagement with Invalid or convales-
cent patient; best references. "Address box
4371. Call office.
AMERICAN woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or cooking; neat and relia-
ble; city or country. Address Housekeeper,
206 Eddy st.
A LADY would like four hours' chamberwork
In rooming-house or hotel. Address MRS.
HARRISON, 29 Ringgold Bt.
LADY employed forenoons would like teach-
. Ing, sewing or any light work for afternoons;
' first-class .references. Box 4563, Call.
A FRENCH girl desires position as chambfr-
rnatd or governess in a good family. Call
1057 Powell st. . ¦
A RELIABLE girl for general housework:
wages $30 per month. Please call Monday,
| 2911 16th St., from 10 .a. m. to 4 p. m.
A YOUNG woman as working housekeeper In
family with a child 3 years old. Please cair
at 1346 Utah st.
A GOOD woman wants house and window
'cleaning; |1 CO day; does small wash. 151SA
Howard st, <
YOUNG lady wishes to do copying or address-
ing envelopes. Address MISS H. E., Iuo2
Sanchez, st.
YOUNG lady wishes to coach children or adults
In primary or grammar studies. Address
MISS A. I.. 1032 Sanchez st.
POSITION wanted by two good Swedish girls:
one as cook, wages 135; one second girl, '$20.
Call Monday and Tuesday. 835 Fulton st.
YOUNG lady stenographer, with knowledge of
cooking; can furnish good reference. Box
4369. Call office. ,
POSITION wanted by trained nurse in doctor's
. office; best of credentials; 10 years' experi-
ence. .Box 4372. Call.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper. 110
Sixth St.. room 17.
SWEDISH woman wants work cleaning and
washing; $1 50 per day. 92 Ninth st.
A YOUNG woman with baby wants work In
small family; small wages. BTO Harrison st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, supscrlptlons received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st. *
EM PLO VMEVT WAXTED—MALE.
RELIABLE, competent young man, thoroughly
understands care of horses and duties per-
taining to footman's and coachman's posi-
tions, wishes situation on private place, city
. or country. A. M. BARRETT, northwest
corner Washington aud East sts.
WANTED— Position by young man with gener-
al experience, both wholesale and retail. In
toys, house furnishing and woodenware lines;
have been employed by the same concern 11
y«ars In different capacities; can furnish Al
references. Box 4422, Call office.-
A YOUNG colored man desires a position as
¦ porter. Janitor or fireman: 7 years' experience
around boilers; best of references. Call on
or address W. CHOCOLATE, _32t4 Natoma.
A MIDDLE-AGED couple. Just arrived from
Europe, would like to get positions an farm
hands, or any position In the city; no chil-
dren. Apply B8.1 Seventh st.
WANTED— A situation by a respectable man;
pood cook, gardener, make butter, milk; ex-
perienced poultry raiser; references. . Box
4037. Call office^
YOUNG man wishes a situation as engineer;
ha« ten years' experience of oil burning and
steam fitting. Address Engineer, box 4574,
Call office^
SITUATION wanted by a young German bom
ltt years of age. In some butcher shop to
learn the trade. Address 328 Jessie jBt.
A TRUSTWORTHY man wants position as
night watchman; can furnish references. Ad-
dress J. B.. 756 Folsom St.
YOUNG man desires position In wholesale
houi>e where there Is a chance of advance-
ment: best of references. Box 4407, Call.
BARTENDER (German) wishes situation; city
or country. Address W. E.. care of S01
Kearny at.'. San Francisco.
BOOKKEEPER, graduate from one of best ac-
countants In city, desires position; wages no
Addret.8 G. B., 217 Parrott bldg.
A YOUNG man, 2«, energetic, good spieler,
would like position; best of references. Ad-
dress O. B., H03 Laguna st.
MIDDLE- AGED gentleman wishes situation;
can lend $400. A. B. WARD, box 4110, Call.
WANTED — By experienced miller, situation as
miller or other mill work. Box 4404, Call.
YOUNG man wants position, as bookkeeper;
good references. Box 4406, Call office.
MACHINIST al*o draughtsman, wants posl-
tlon. PAUL GLASER. 312 Ellis st.
A GARDENER thoroughly versed In all
branches of horticulture under glass an-1
outside; 8 years' in lost position: with best
' of recommendations. Box 4606. Call office.
A— TIME, cost, stock and shipping clerk; fa-
miliar with machinery and engines. Box
4C35. Call. '
A YOUNG man would like a position In the
country; understands gardening and care of
horses.- Box 4381. Call office.
BARBER— First-class from New York wants
flrst-clasa position. Address Barber, box
4405, Call office. , ¦ t ¦
CUTTER and tailor wishes "position; New
. York^ references. Box 4403. Call office.
ENGLISHMAN. 12 years In Central America;
. ' good - bookkeeper, thorough knowledge Span-
'¦Ish. also French;. desires position with manu-
facturing or exporting firm with a View to
eventually ' representing ; them in Europe.
-Box 4C55. Call.
YOUNG man ; would like > a - situation as col-
.¦ lector In wholesale house; will, give bonds;
can speak German. Address F.. C. WILKE.
-. 256 Second ave. . /; • V"
ATTORNF.Y. who Is also experienced, office
man; bookkeeper, correspondent, business
manager, etc., will accept position with cor-
poration. Box 4527,* Call office.' "*.
BOOKKEEPER— Expert ao!_untant of many
r years' ' experience offers services; any .work
¦ V on ' books or adjusting - accounts '.solicited.
Address box 4384. Call office. " ' -;
YOUNG man wishes a> position as • collector;
..' •.furnish bonds and ¦¦ best of. references.
- Address box 1300, Call offlc©.- • - ,4
' HELP WASTED — FEMALE — Con.
COOK. San Rafael, no wart. 133.
3 cooks with and without washing *K>. ?•».
Infant's nurse, references. $ao.^»o3.
Housegirl, no washing. $30. |S3.
Parlor maid city. I-TO. •.
2 second girls, 1-0. |-'5.
2 waitresses, restaurant.- |S a wee*.
2 nurseglrls, $20. J_5.
Seamstress for children's home. 1-0.
Chambermaid and waitress, country. *-».
Second girl Alameda. 1-5.
55 general housework girls, city and coun-
try. *2O. S25. ISO. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. \
S34 Sutter -t. .
FINISHER on custom pants. 136 New Mont-
gomery st., room 10. __
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; paid. 131
Post St.. room 16. ________———
NEAT girl for general housework. 2708 Sao-
ramento st. __
FINISHERS and buttonhole makers on cuj-
. torn coat-. 1125 Market, bet. 7th and 8tn.
WANTED— Bright ycung girl to assist In of-
Cce. Apply MARKS BROS., 1220 Market st.
GERMAN girl for housework in small family;
no children: wages 118. 1432 OTarrell st.
¦WANTED— -Apprentice girl for coatmaker. 410
Kearny St., room S8. _
FIRST-CLASS coat finisher wanted. B2O
Kearny, room 1, upstairs.
GIRL wanted; light homework; good _om«.
623 Halght st m
GIRL to assist la housework: small family.
1413B Mason st. _
TALENTED amateur performer— Apply at
Chotes 8 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED— Refined, middle-aged lady, no ln-
cumbrance; companion to lady: small wage*
and good home; references. Addreia box
1073. Call office. Oakland. __________
WANTED— Flrst-clas- Jacket and skirt aftar-
atlon hands Apply between » and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS'.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker, oa vests:
wages no object. 230% Ninth st.. opposlta
Clementina.
RESPECTABLE young girl for housework and
cooking; references: 2 in family. 2339 Pine.
WOMAN to assist In house from 9 o'clock no-
> til 4. Box 4USO. Call.
' "WANTED — Experienced waitresses. Argyte
Grill. 234 McAllister at. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan _ Charch st*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
¦ tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
A— , BT MIDNIGHT.
I MalL Phone. Telegraph.
2 ward orderlies, institution. 130 found.
Nurse. Institution. S3O found.
Bartender. $40; baker 1 , helper. |2O found.
House, private man. |20; 2 hotel porters. $20
found.
Cook, plain, boarding hotel, fare 11. |45 fd.
Boilermakers. Riveter*, etc
Boilermaker, gang for tank work, eountry
factory, usual wages.
2 calkers. floor work, factory. 12 60 day.
2 milkers, Marln Co.. together. |27 SO found.
Teamster, hall manure for city stable. |45.
Milker. 3O cows, fare $3 75. |4O found.
Apprentice, laundry, fare 10c, |15 foundj
Man, merchandise store and drive wagon.
J12 week.
Blackamith woodworker, near city. $18 week.
MURRAY _ READY.
. 634-636 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
14 Third st.; phone Bush 406.
NEVADA.
Government Job. 8 hoan.
10 teamsters. I- a day.
10 laborers. $2 a day.
5 drillers, |2 7-0 a day.
CHEAP FARE.
SAWMILL.
Dogger and carriage man. $30 and board.
Blacksmith. 950 and found.
Assistant bar tenders city. $30 and board.
3 house carpenters. |3 50 day. 8 hours.
2 shinglers and lathers; contract.
3 laborers <*ity Job. $2 25 day.
CALIF. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third •_
TIMBER fallers; grocery salesman; sawmill
carpenter; leg deck man; coachman. 133 and
found: man about place, $30 and found: 2
Iron molders, $."5 50 day; 2 carpenters, factory
work. |.'i day; 3 woodworkers. $3 day; Ironer
and polisher, country. |15 week; farmer and
wife. |3<); harness-maker; young German for
wine cellar: milkers. $20 and $35 and found;
restaurant cook. $SO; dishwasher and others.
J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
ANDRE'S OFFICE 317 STOCKTON ST.
Butler. ISO; gecend butler. $40; waiter for
club $40; bedmaker. club. $05; stableman,
private place. IC5: assistant baker, $33;
nurse for hospital. $25; young man to run
elevator, $30. etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2« Montgomery, r. 12.
Second cook. $70; bellboys. $15.
__ _ -___ ___ _
Men to lean the barber trade In two months
•nd secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. HOLER System
College. 635 Clay st.
BOY 19 to IS years old wanted to attend soda
fountain; wages IS week to begin; must ltv«
at home with parents. Inquire between 9
and 10 a. m., 810 Market st.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters hom*
evenlngs; *3 50 week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. S4. box
1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED— Compositors familiar with eata-
' logue work; also- pressmen on platen presses.
Apply HAXBORN. VAIL _ CO.. 7.U-743
¦ Market *t.
WANTED — An experienced proofreader on gen-
eral Job work. Apply S.US'BORN. VATL _
CO.. 741-745 Market st.
WANTED — Boy about IT to work tn machine
shop Apply California Fruit Canners. Van-
dewater. near Taylor.
WANTED — Flrst-class man with successful
record as salesman or department head. Box
4"67, Call office.
$250 WITH services will buy Interest In pay-
Ing legitimate business. Call 257 Fourth St.,
barber shop. '. :
GOOD cook for chophouse; must b« sober and
st»ady; answer for 3 days. 1537 Park st.,
Alameda.
WANTED— Good all round palnt»rs. etc., for
Interior work at 141 Webster St., 7:30.
BEDMAKER wanted: must be sober and ex-
perienced. Call at 119 Third st.. 9 o'clock.
WANTED — A young man as porter; must b«
*ob<?r. 212 O'Farrell st.
BARBERS — For sale, 5-chalr. compressed air
outfit; cheap. 133S Market st.
BARBER shop for sale; 3 chairs; good loca-
tion. Rox 4409. Calt office.
FOR Bal<" — 3- chair barber shop. Inquire WILL
A FIN'CK*
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money F. PERSON.
477 and 47S Parrott building.
WANTED— Porter and bootblack; boy i'pre-
ferred. Arena, Barber Shop. 1161 Jefferson
St.. Oakland.
GERMAN: steady: reference: handy; tend bar?
wlnehouse; married preferred. Box 22S1, Cal!.
YOUNG man to help in grocery store. NW~
cor. Twenty-sixth and Sanchex sts.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
sdded 10O new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st. : 250 rooms; 23c to &0c per night.
BARBERS — t-chatr shop at half its walue";
good trade; going out of business. Address
459 Twelfth St.. Oakland.
150 YOUNG men, IS years of age. to organize
mflltary organisation. Call S. SZANIK. 473
Valencia St.. between 8 and S p. m.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St. : 1*
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at It and
|1 50 pair: foot-form shoes at $_ SO; we pay
express or main charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
TOCNO men. sailor*, blacksmiths, carpenters!
green hnnds. for ihlps. DENT'S. 28 Steuart.
SAILORS and green hands for Europe, and
steam whalers. LANE'S. 504 Davis it.
EXPERIENCED advertising man; good propo-
sition; liberal commission. Box 4«S56. Call.
Pension Atty., E. A. Btillls. r. 4O, Phelan bid*
PaSt Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. IL
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In 3. F
Barber School. 741 Howard «t.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 7C0 rooms: 33c nljht; reading-rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions haa been
opened at IOCS Market «t.. opposite Fifth.
* Open until Hem.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recelwl at
Call branch ottlce. cor. Duncan _ Church st*.
MAY BE HAD FOR
THE ASKINGTHE SAN KRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. MARCH . 15. 1904.
13
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
. 25 Post Street.
$9,00* — Post st. (north side), opposite public
• square; lot 20x137:6; splendid resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath.
$7.500 — Poat St.; near Laguna; lot" 24x115;
residence of 9 rcoms and bath; an at-
tractive . home.
$10,500— Hydp-st. building containing 3 flats of
r>, 3 ami 0 rooms and bath each; rent?
$30 per month.
$8.750 — Fifteenth st., near Market; new build-
ing of 3 flats, containing 7> rooms and
' bath each; rents $S2 per month.
$9.750 — Fifteenth-st. corner, near Market: lot
24x00; new building of 3 fiats, contain-
ing 15 rooms In all: rents $82 per month .
terms can be arranged.
$3,000— Harriet st., near Sixth and Bryant:
lot 25xSU: 2 fiats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each; rents $23 50.
$3.£r.C« — Lake st., near Nineteenth ave.; lot 5Cx
120; cottage of. 5 rooms and bath;- ma-
rine view. .
$fi,500 — Fair Oaks St.. near Twenty-third: lot
30x133; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rocms and bath
each, and new cottage of 4 rooms and
hath: rents $«:0 per month.
$24,000— Hayes-st. business property; large lot,
* 40x120, to roar street; stores and flaFs;
¦ rents S152 per month.
$13.000- — clay st. morth line), near Laguna;
residence of 10 rocms and bath; rents $»i0
per month.
$20.000 — Powell et. (downtown location); large
lot, 45x110; frame building. In good con-
dition: rents $10.1.
$4,100— Parnassus ave.. overlooking Golden
Gate Park; lot 25x137 :K; cottage und a
half, containing 5 rooms and hath.
$50,000— Btifh st. (downtown location): large lot
with double front&se; 4-story frame
building, used as a hotel; rents $3600.
$I6,5CO— Clay «t. (noith line), near Broderick;
lot r>C\127:8U; modern Eastlake resl-
rienco of 12 rooms and bath, laundry;
large yard, garden and lawn; sightly
and elevated.
$37,500 — Eddy st. (downtown location): large
lot. <;s:9xl."7:«; 4 dwellings: rents. $215;
mortgage of $25,000 can remain.
J21.0C0 — Post St.; let 2. r >xl20 to rear street; new
residence containing 14 rooms and bath;
sellable for physician's residence.
$4,000 — Valparaiho ft., near Mason and Fil-
bert: lot 23x63; 2-story and attic dwell-
ing in good condition; rents $32 50.
$20,000— I Jirkin st.: large lot. 00x100; 3 houses
\ renting fcr $120 per month.
$21,000— Fourth-ftt. business property: lot 50x
' s 75: two 3-story buildings containing 2
stores and 4 fiats above; rents $160.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. B12 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 per month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your in-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lots In the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level, no
grading to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., Room 5.
$1850 — NEW cottage of ' 5 r. and b. ; 2 blocks
from 2f*th and Mission sts.. on Prospect ave.;
street work done; fine view; will loan $1400
on this with easy payments.
D. COFFIN &. CO., 3303 Mission "si.
$65C0 — NEW cozy homes Just completed; bar-
galr.r: b?autits; see them; Clayton St., Eouth
ol Frederick ; Masonlc-ave. cars to the door;
transfer at Halpht or Oak st. J. STIERLEN.
owner, on promises; phone Page 0161.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; w» loan
full cost improv. and part lot at a per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$1100— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; good location;
street work all done; easy, terms. 3316 Mission.
PLUMBING, new or old: estimates given.
AHLBACH .t MAYER. S3» Howard st.
REAL ESTATE — Coontry — For Sale.
FOR sale — Country homes In every county In
California, at all prices, from $450 CO to
$75,000 00. Immense list to select from. If
you want land of any kind call on
« . HOWE & MERRITT.
052 Broadway. Oakland.
320 ACRES fine fruit, alfalfa, or grain land,
near Winters, Cal.; property of Gocd Tem-
plars' ho.ne for orphans: must be sold. Call
or address VOLNEY TAYLOR. 1453 West et.,
Oakland.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
kineyard?: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
Icgues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. C4S
Market Ft.
REDWOOD tract." 320 acres; accessible*~to R.
R. ; abo\-e Uklah. Apply ltitJ Hartford st.
REAL. ESTATE TO EICIIA.NUE.
OAKLAND property to exchange for good !
country' property. P. C. LASSEN. 4Wi Tenth
st.. Oakland. Cal. ¦
PROPERTY WASTED. '
WAXTED-A Western Addition or Mission
home; price from $2000 to $35C0. Address
box 4625. Call. .
SPECIALIST^ ¦
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES Irt EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottinphara. 2O4 Sinter st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
OAKLA.M) KKAli K.VI'ATK.
[ SPECIAL BARGAINS.
REDUCED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
OWNER OBLIGED TO LEAVE STATE.
MODERN 0-P.OOM HOMESTEAD: LARGE
ROOMS, HALL AND BASEMFVT; SPA-
CIOUS LOT, WITH FINE STABLE; PROP-
ERTY IN TIPTOP ORDER; EASY TERMS
TO GUARANTEED- BUYER; 'FEW MIN-
UTES TO FERRY TRAIN.
WE HAVE OTHER ATTRACTIVE HOME
PROPERTIES TO SUIT YOUR PURSE.
WISEMAN; HOLCOMB & YOUNG,
314 SAN PARLO AVE., OAKLAND. CAL.
BKL-TDKN'R BAP.GAINS.
SlfOO — Reduced from 42- r>|| 0: elegant elevated
r«-sid<'n<-.3 lot. 75X140, on choice corner in East
Oakland.
$!WiO— Flno 40-foot lot on "East 14th et.. near
2d ave.
$550 will buy n 30-foot lot. nicely located,
near 23d-r\ve. station.
«0000 — Very choice home of 0 rooms with
fine stable on Oak st.. near Madiron Square
Park.
$27."0— Splendid Income Investment and spec-
ulation; flat? near new Santa F« depot - on
Fan Pablo nve.. wheru everything Is booming;
50-foot lot; rents ?27 and can be Incr-^ised:
absent owner orders this sacrifW for Imme-
diate sale. BKLDEN. Real Estate. 1112
Broadway. Oakland. ¦
$1000 CASH. $15 monthly— Cottage of 0 rooms,
bath, etc.: cootl barn and stable, chlcken-
hous<\ larse chicken range. Rowers and Im-
mense tret-s. in fine section, one block from
cars: city water, fewer, gas: away from
foss find coid wind?: sandy loam soil; V a
lovely spot: adjoining East Oakland; size
100x200: all fenced: thl« I* a take-in at once;
property price In all $2000. Call or send for
circular.' 455 7th st.. opp. Broadway sta-
tion. Oakland: carriage free.
.;H, 7.. JONES.. Land Owner,
2137 AND 2130 Chestnvit St.. Oakland: take
Key Route --and get off at San Pablo-ave.
station; new 0-room houses: open porcelain
nickel plumbing: combination sras fixtures:
larce lots; ."tunny: . key next Uoor'; one sc!J
to J. C." Davidson, manufacturing Jeweler
and diamond Imrsort?r. 12* Kearny. «.; ask
him about them: a bond ?nd guarantee on
title and construction riven: prices low:
terms easy: they are beaut ies. and dirt-cheap
and must be s»en to be appreciated.
Also sten around the corner to 1114 _32d
st. and examine that S«is? chateau: new
Ftyle of finish nnd architecture; key next
door; owner's name on premises.
A SPECIAL bargain— A fine 7-raom cottase.
large lot: all street work done; pood location:
easy terms: price $2750. P. C. LASSEN, 4*10
Tenth st.. Oakland. _
"1 OAKLAND HOt'SES TO LET.
W.'H. Y.
FOR RENT. V
Three modern residences of S and 9 rooms:
one furnished: -¦beautifully.' fltuated on the
heights: one en ia corr.er, .with choice mature
fruit trcejs: finest neighborhood:, view and situ-
ation id»al- *hepe. are choice. ¦
'WISEMAN. " HOLCOMB- * YOITXG.'
314: San Pablo ave., Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FURNITURE^ FOR \\ SALE.
TO-MORROW .the, day for bargains In furnl-'
ture. ML Schelbaas, Illh t>t.,cor.store,Oalcland.
PERSONALS.
1 HEREBY give notice that I have purchased
the business conducted at 450 Third st..
known as the Red Front; all outstanding
claims against the business must be present-
ed by 12 o'clock. Tuesday, 15th. '04. NICO-
LAS PAPPOS.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the nan.e. M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 7S<1 O'Farrell st., near Larkin.
Call or write for book, free. .
"Hints on Beauty." \
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
contract* with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We mak>
ycu a fine suit on Installments cheaper thin
ethers do fcr ccsh. LEON LEMOS. merchant
tailor. 1127 Market »t.. bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy: vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Frcf. and Mrs. Morrla, 116 Taylor.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. 1m-
provrs its growth. slops falllns.curcs dandruff
and itching scalp; no etaln cr stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no tubstttue. Star Remedy Co.,1333 Polk.
INFORXIATJON wanted of ,John Dnver~or
Samuel Driver; John Driver Is a 'cripple, age
about 50 years; Samuel Driver is some years
younger; Information of their present rest-
d-nce will b«- rewarded. L. HARRIS. HO!)
Wr bster st.. Fan Francisco. Cal.
A — Microtlne. a positive cure fcr catarrh, cold
in the head, hay fever, headache nnd all
bronchial affections: send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 Oth.
THE Inialllble system: the only copyrighted
fucce?.*ful ir.ethcd of keeping ahead of the
races: good forever; price $1. Sold only by
PITTS, I00S Market st. , .
DRUNKENNESS, mypMr.9 and all drug dfs-
easet. positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
S12 Shot well: consultation free; call or wri*p.
HAIR grown gray restored: pimples, wrinkles,
all blemlshen removed; shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post parlors 13 and 14.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
fkln. mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun.:
classes Monday*. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
rlectric needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers, 1170
Market.
Sup»rfiuous hair and moles removed by electric
needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers.' 1170 Market.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. line), tailors. 72U Market.
LIQUOR habit cured In two days or no charge
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. 997 Market et
Actina restores lest eyesight ;eures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 10th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. SCO Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 2X1 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $Tso!
Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores "gray
hair to Its natural color, $1; at all druggists'.
FRENCH massage In exchange for English
_Jessons. Box 4519. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 10 jiaros. sent to nny address in th*
United States or Canada^one year for $1.
ETC.
ROOMS papered. $1 up: tinting, painting.
Hartirann Paint Co.. 310 Third: tel. Main 413.
PIIYSICIAZVS AXU SL'RUEOXJi.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence^
1C21% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
lar attertion paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, ekln and rectal diseases a specialty
DK. BALL. I073Ht Market st. ;.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herd doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-"
cated at 6C7 Geary Et.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 WanhlnRtnn st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SB corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dl»-
ea>pji fured hy Ch| n a>» herbs. 746-S Clay »t.
PROPOSALS.
CSTTvE^taTY^oT'ciriiT^^
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
roliclred for performing the labor and fur-
nlshlrg the materials for grading, leveling
and terracing certain portions of the grounds
of the Affiliated Colleges of the University
of California, fronting on Parnassus
avenue. San Francisco, Cal.. and said
bids will be received at the office of
the Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at
or before Jl2 o'clock m. of March IS, 1904.
Plans and specifications for said grading
):ave been adopted and may be examined
<!afly at the office of N\ BLAISDELL, room
18 £22 Sansome st., San Francisco from
¦j ». m. until 4 p. m.
Bids rr.ust be in the form contained In the
specification. No bids will be considered
ur.lt-fs accompanied by a certified check or
bond of bidder. In favor of the Re-
gents of the -University of California equal
to ten (10) per cent of his bid, with sufficient
rureties. conditioned that If said bid b» ac-
cepted the bidder will duly enter into a
proper contract and bond to perform the duty
and obligation* In accordance with said bid
nnd with the plans and spQclflcatlons. which
are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all bids
ib hereby reserved.
Br order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON.
Acting Secrptp.ry.
PROPOSALS fcr hay and oats — Office Depot
Quartermaster, San Francisco, Cal., :!(5 New
Montgomery St., March 15, 1!)'>4. Sealed pro-
posals. In triplicate, subject to ''.nual^condi-
tions. will b» r*eelv»d here until 12 o'clock
noon. April 15. l'J04. and then opened, for
furniahli.*? and delivering at San Francisco,
Cal.: Seattle or Tacoma, Wash., or Portland,
Or., twenty-three hundred ;:nd eighty-two
(2.'iS2) tons of bay. and twenty-five hundred
and forty-six (2."J4»;) tons of oats, subject to
pn Increase or decrease of 25 per cent. United
S;ates if«<rrves rlrht to accent or reject any
or all bids, or any part thereof. Further In-
lornir.tion and blank proposals furnished on
np;>lication. Envelopes containing proposals
to be marl:ed "Proposal* for Hoy and Oats.
No. 21D3" and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL, Q. M., U. S. Army, Depot Quartcr-
ma*tcr. :
PROPOSALS for plumbing supplies — Depot
Quartern-.aste-r's Office, No. 3(i New Mont-
Komury st., Sr.n Francisco, Cal., March 15.
1VKH. Scaled proposals, in triplicate,', subject
to '.-..--jai conditions, will hi received h*re
until 12 o'clock m.. Thursday, March-titl. 10UJ,
Pacific Standard time, and then craned, for
furnishing plre and fittings for Fort Mc-
• Klnley. P. I. The United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all bids, or
any part thereof. Information and blank
proposals v.-ill be furnished on application.
Knvylopes containing proposals to be marked
i "Proposal No. 2027" nnd addressed to
MAJOR C. A. DEVOL, Q. M.. U. S. Army,
Depot Quartermaster.
CONSTF.UCTING Quartermaster's Office.
Vancouver. Barracks. Wash., Feb. 15. 1001. —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office. until .11 a. m March 17.
1904, and then opened In the presence of
attending bidders, for constructing. plumb-
Ing, heating, gas piping, electric. wiring and
gymnastic apparatus for a gymnasium and
pest exchange at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.
Plans and specifications and full Information
will be furnished on application to thb of-
fice. Plans may also be seen at the office
of the quartermaster at Seattle. Wash., and
nt Fort Wrlcht. Wash. The United States
•reserves the right to accept or reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof.- En- j
velopes should be Indorsed "Proposals for I
Public Building at Vancouver Barracks.
Wash.," and addressed to Captain W. c.
WREN. Ccnnructlng Quartermaster. Van-
couver Barracks, Wash. •
PROPOSALS for Kftte and stone wall— Office
Der>ot Quartermaster, VA New Montgomtry
»t San Francisco, Cal.. March 10. 1904.
Pealed proposals In triplicate - will be re-
ceived at this office utitil 11 o'clock a. m,,
March 20. 1004. and then opened, for con-
struction of a gateway, and a stone
wall alon* southern and eastern boundary
lines of the Presidio Military ' Reservation.
San Frafr.clsco. Cal.. in .accordance with
plan^ and «Declf.cationR to be seen at this
office. C. ¦ A. DEVOL." Major and ¦ Quarter-
master. U. S: A..; Depot Quartermaster.
BAN FRANCISCO; Cal.. March 14, 1004—
Sealed proposals In triplicate win be re-
ceived here until 31 o'clock a. m.. April: 14.
100-i, and then opened, for construction of
frame mibsistMice storehouse at the Infantry
Cantonment, Presidio of San Francisco, ,Cal.
Government reserves the. rlpht to reject or
accept any or all bids In whale or In -part,
lnicrmatlon furnished on application to W'M.
8. PATTEX. Assistant Quartermaster. Gen-
era!. Chief. Q.-M. •'. - V : -'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The. Weekly. Call.
IH pages. In wrapper,- for mailing, $1 per year.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ON ninny 'side of Essex st.. one block from
Ashby station, between Adeline and Shattuck
ave.; house of C rooms: price reduced $25O
for ten days; by owner only. C. R. SHAW.
1566 Eleventh ave.: tel. Brook 130. Make
appointment by mail or telephone.
A 1UBGAIX If sold at once; new C-room
house, modern; street done; owner needs
cash. P. O. box 114, South Berkeley.
\ MURDOCH & CO.. Scuth Berkeley station.
for bargains: we build, buy, sell or exchang*.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
I BIRCH ave.. 615—3 good rooms for housekeep-
; ing; J8. Apply C42 Grove st.
FOLSOM, nr. Twenty- fourth — First floor of 3
sunny roc.ms, partly furnished or unfur-
nished, with bnthr. gas. tubs and yard; stable
if dogireii. Box 457tT. Call of fie.
FOURTH, 431— Front and back parlor for
h6u>okeeplng; also double and <ingle rooms.
GEARY, 10C2— Nicely furn. sunny front parlor;
single rooms; houi-ekeeplrK privileges; gas.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 430 — Three housekeep-
ing looms. _
HAWTHORNE, 1«, off Howard, near Thlrd^
bedroom &nd kitchen, bath, sink; yard; cheap.
HYDE. 52S — Nicely furnished front parlor
suite; also 3 sur.ny basement rooms; phone
Hyde 030.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartment-, 13*0 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths: rate 130 up.
I. McALLISTErT 538— Sunny suites; $7;
gas range; hot bath and laundry.
THIRD. SI ! S — Two grand connecting bay-win-
dow parlors; $14 only: gas and bath.
APAETMEHT HOUSES.
A ST. HILAIRE* APARTMENTS
— -LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEARY.—
Will be ready for occupation In a few
days. Everything new. Make your
reservations now. Elesantly furnished "
apartment* with private bath— 2, 3 and
4 rooms; »t?am heat; electric Hght;ele-
vator; private phones;, rates reasonable.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS ~
Will be finished March IS.
10S4, BUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny: 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $30 to $15.
Make reservations now.
THE LUNGER, 145 Octavla, cor. Hayes — Just
completed: sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments;
elegantly furnished: electric lights: private
baths' $40 up; refs.; also doctor's offices.
A NUMBER of very de.*irable iilnny p.part-
ments; 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, eto. : unfurnished or furnished to
order: new house. The St. Charles. 1560
Sacramento st.. near Larkin.
ST. CECILE. 115- Fell, above Van Ness— Th#
acme of perfection in elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; brivate baths, steam heat, elec-
erlc lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $53.
ST. I-OUIS. 157i Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms; also single: furnished or unfurnished;
martne view: reference*. Phone East 1350.
IROQUOIS Apartments, 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
wnrth: 2. 3 and 4 rms. : open for inspection
APARTME.XTS TO LET.
A MAN and wife have a furnished flat of 7
room?; would like to rent 3 or 4 of them,
complete for housekeeping, to a man and
wife or 2 ladies. Box 4571. Call office.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. nnd I'nfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Slxrh St.— Rooms
23c to $1 per.nisht. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth «,t.)— Rocms. 23c. :>0c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ALL newly furnished, beautiful rooms at the
Waverly rooming house. S4I O'Farrell st.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 2C4 ElMs. corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMM1NGS (The). 61S Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located; «unnf, single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and ccld
. water. sV r orn heat, electric lights, {..tone every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 If desired.
EDDY, SS3 — Two large connecting eunny
rooms: furnished: suitable for students and
clubs.
ELLIS, 0S5 — 2 sunny rooms, nfcely furnished;
gas -range, running water; $25.
FERN" HALL, 812 Dush— Elegantly furn. rms.;
all sunny; terms reasonable; references.
FOR single gentleman. In private home (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2C24. Call ofnee.
GRAND Souihern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk. : reading-room. I
GRANT AVE., 7— Nicely furnished front, room.
$2 50 week; 1 front suite, suitable for four.
JESSIE. 3«3, east U~ s" Mint— Furnished
rooms, $5. ?t> find $7.
LEAVENWORTH. 513— Elegantly sunny fur- .
nifhed front room; also other rooms; reason-
able.
O'FARRELL. 15H) — Large nicely fur. sunny
front bay-window room; connecting kitchen.
POLK, 3C7 — Xlcely furaJwsd rooms ' with
phone and running water: o'.io.ip.
ROYAL Houce. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
readlng-rcons, smoklng-ioom and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 3.1c to $1 50: week, $2
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
I floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1611 — A sunny back room in
private family for gentleman.
SCOTT, 122 — Large front room, with board;
use of gas and bath; for two gentlemen.
SUTTER, 4CC — A bay-window unfurnished
sunny suite for gentlemen; rent $25.
TAYLOR.. 515B. near Geary — Sunny single
room: large closet, bath, pas; $7.
THE AVOCA. S37A Mission— Furn. rftoms by
the day. week or month; prices reasonable.
THIRD. .41— Large, light furnished rooms;
_central location. ¦ '^_
TURK.. 7S0 — Elegantly furnished, sunny front
suite: all modern conveniences; reasonable.
TWELFTH, 232— Three sunny complete hmise-
kreping rooms; $1S; adults; also others.
UNITED STATE?. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. :i,-»c to $1 night. $1 75 to JS week; e'.ec-
tric lights i no gas), running water In every
room; elovator.read.-r.iom: free bus: baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 51U — Elegar.t front parlors
. nnd adjoining Mifte for of fire or club.
VAN WINKLE, 207 Jones— Nicely furnished
. tooms, ?2: lunnv suite*. $¦"• per week: h.ith*.
WINCHESTER Hctel, 44 3d st.. near Market—
Mcst convenient anil respectable: 7C0 rooms:
35c to $tf&0 nlRht; $2 to $.S w-»k: elevator;.
el*-c. lights: reading-room: free bUf»: bajt?age.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth — Electric llfht In every
room; 13c to ?! a night; 75cto $3 a week;
open all night; convenient to all cars;
A BRANCH off.ee or The Call for the reception
of advertisements nnd subscriptions ha» been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite -Fifth.
Open until II o. rc. ¦
ROOMS AM) BOAKD. "-...
i^ED^^RiTHOTKLT^ iT^
731 ' Bash " *t.. - obow Powell; select first-
class residential hotel; elegantly furnished
and table un»urnassed; electric light; steam
heated and nrivatv exchange telephones in
every room' terms reasonable. B: DU
CARPE.
- . ¦_ HOTEL HATTON
977'Plne. near Taylor; elegantly furnished
. sultee;- r private baths: all modern conven-
ience*: excellent .table. .
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN- NESS. AVE.. ¦ NEAR GEAHT ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
., , PHONE . PRIVATE r EXCHANGE 70«. ,
~ EARLCOURT.
1011 PINK ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
- HOTEL' JUST OPENING: EVERYTHING
.; NEW AND ; ELEGANT. APPLY. AT ONCE.
HAWTHORNE. 1M>. bet-IFolsota'and Harrison
Sunny front parlor, with board; " suitabl';
for husband aad wife or 2 gentleman; 5'i% tn;».
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41S Butter— Sunny rooms.
-.-. excellent table: from $40; single $23-\
VAN " NESS ave., 1714— Elegantly . furnUh.M
. tult«s. . wltnbatas; also single: 'homelike.- .•
ROO3IS AXD BOARD AVAXTEI).
WANTED— Board and rocms Tor husband and
wif« in a private . family In the country,
close to city, on car line; small country
home preferred, where they have their own
fruit orchard, chickens, cows. etc. : state ac-
commodations and rates. Box 2039. Call.
WANTED — Board and rocm in refined private
family by single gentleman: civil engineer:
prefer no other boarders; comforts of home
in preference to luxury: references given.
Addrees box 4.".fl*. Call offlo".
TALJUSTUV.
_________ . _ _
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. L1EBK3
BUILDING. 139 POST ST.
H. JEROME* FOSELLI." sclentMe palmist. 315
Taylor tt.. ffrar Geary. Phone Black S61.
SEWI.VC MACIIISES AXI> SUPPLIES*.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family u»e:
best is cheapest; weiind-hatMl all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates
Domestic- offic-. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our nev/ triple-feeH ma-
chines; slightly u«ed: $10. flOwtfSO; second-
hand. $."J. $5. $S: all styles: guarante-d. New
Home Pewlng MachlTie f*o.. 1051 Market J«t.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
Ladies! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pllts
ere best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mall. A%k your druggist.
Chtchester Chemical Co., Philadelphia. Pa.
LADIES, send your address to 112G Market St.. !
S. F., valuable informal inn: room 2. j
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co-.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
PIjSRCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
ttct- Podt and Powell sts.: tel. Priv. Ex? 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. U33 Golden Gate ave. ; Phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. SI0
MU«1on St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furnltur* Ko-'-'f Com-
pany. 2.T20 F^llrnore «t. ; phon" Jackson 2?1.
BEKIXS Var.' and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
Et.: tel. Main IS40 Fhlpplng at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good Xo. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. ?25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 SO. <Tbe
Typewriting Exchange, XM California st.
A FEW gocd typewriters at $10 each; get par-
ticui&rs of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters scld. rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. SOS Market.
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
AMERICAN Can Company— A dividend of 24
per cent has this day been declared upon the
preferred stock of this company, payable on
April 1, 1904. lo stockholders of record at the
close of busineES March 21. 1004. The trans-
fer books will be closed as to the preferred
stock from March 22 to March 31, bcth days
Inclusive. Checks will be mailed.
R. H. 1SMON. Secretary.
March 10. 1P04. ;
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
Ing Society, Sth tloor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market st.. opposite Third—
For the half year ending 31st of December.
1!)G3, a dividend has been declared at the
rate, per annum of (12) twelve per cent ea
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of tases. payable en and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON- I
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
U ill. am Moran. 23, 1.1 Fifth street, and Lucy
Fahey. 20, i'004 Howard street.
Lcland S. McKay, 21. 519 Shotwell street,
and Ar.nle Jonsscn. IS, !» Ve Boom street.
William 11. Bolton. 26, Folsom, and May
Wells. IS. Clarksvtlle.
Louis J. Bloom. 00. Palo Alto, ar.d Clara A.
Davidscn. 47, Philadelphia.
' Catl Lewln. 2-V 277 Minna street, and
¦ Bertha Statzeny. 277 Minna street.
Giuseppe I'erini. :U, :{1"J Broadway, and Glu-
scpplnina Dflllmontl, 19. Italy.
Victor Blank. 40. city, and Annie M. Vai:
Vatk-nbersr. 41. city.
Jah.ej B. Lesley, 2*5. Guernevllle. and An-
nie E. Hell. 2ft. Fniitvale.
Charles VV. Lott. 23. 21S0 Eaker street, and
Anna Russell, 25, 48 Fourth street.
William K. Baumert. S3, 122* Folaom street,
and Clan tfteinert. 3B. 2^!» Hartford strwt.
Joftph Hansen, 20. 55 Natuma street, and
Olava Svendwn. 21. 70S Florida street.
Adolph A. Koerber.- 31, San Jose, and Lil-
lian Ray, 20, San Jcse.
fclRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marr'.aite and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must bo banded
in at either of the rublication office* and b*
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
K|M authorized to have the time published.
Notlcts restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In ihUt column
free of charge.
WATSON— In this city, March 3.-10fM, to the
wife of J. P. Watson, a son. .
MARRIED. ~~~~
CLARK— PERRY— In this city. February 23.
1004. by the Rev. William Kirk Guthrle,
at 2^2:J Pacific avenue, Frank G. Clark and
Mildred A. Perry."
GENDAR— STOKES — In Okanagan Landing.
B. C. March t>. 1904. Harry W. Gendar of
San FrancWco and Miss Edna Stokes of
Grass Valley, Cal.
PERSON— THOMPSON— In this ctty, March
12, 10C4. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pas-
tor of the First English Lutheran Church.
Nels Person and Clara Thompson, both of
this city.
STROMBERG— ESTEREERG— In this city,
March VJ, 1904, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelan-
der, pester of the First English Lutheran
Church, GuKtaf A. Stromberg and Emma C.
Esterberg, both of thla city.
DIED.
Allison Elizabeth Lenahan. John
Badger. William G. Lewis, James
Bonnemort, Chas. M. O'Hara. Frank
Castagnetto, Fred Oleson. Frithiof L.
Chadderdon. H. A. Owen. Owens
lanes. Anna . Pefkins, Julia
Finn. B^rcl ~ Ponce, Juliette A.
Garvey. John Porteous, Janet S.
- George, Rosa E. Railton. Helen H.
Giese, Carl Adolph Rober. There*ia M.
Hagman, Infants Rohrer, Minna
Hickey. Mary Ann Schwersem. Moritz
Hughes, Bertha Slack, Mrs. M.
Kaufman. Ellse Stevenson. John J.
Kelly. Charles Tenney, Abby W.
Kennedy. Alexander Thorp, William P.
KorsberK. Oscar W. ; Uhl.' George
Lang, May
ALLISON— In this city. March 13. 1904, Eliz-
abeth Allison, beloved wife of Thomas S.
Allison, daughter of Mr. and Mrs: James
Vatterson and srister of Mrs. *T. J. Gough,
James Patterson Jr., Mrs. W. H. Hamilton
and Mayrr.ee and William Patterson, a. na-
tive of S=n Francisco.
tC7"Friends ore respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-mcrrow (Wednes-
d?y), at-1 o'clock, at h«r late residence. 924
Giecnwich street Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, hy electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BADGER— In thU city. William Gilraan
Badger, beloved father of Mrs. Edward L.
-Burlingame. Mrs. Georze ' W. Caswell and
Mrs. Henry S. Foote Jr.. a native of Charles-
town, Mas*., aged t*2 years.
E3*The service at Grace Church Wednes-
day afternoon at 2 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate.
BOXNEMORT— In Oakland. Cal.. March 14,
10C4. Charles M., beloved .husband of Mar-
Karet Bonnemort, and father of Charles N..
KdJrar. Jennie J. and Eva M. Bonnemort and
Mrs. M. B. GUlelan. and Mrs. E. D. Pissia.
- a native of Massachusetts, aged 71 years 1
month andJT days.-
CTTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
v tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday),
\t 2 o'clock, from- his late residence, 055
Jackson street. Interment private. Oakland
Crematorium.
CASTAGNETTO-r-In this city. March 13* 1D04.
Fred, de&riy beloved son of Elizabeth and
, the late Giovanni Castagnetto, and loving
brother of Ed, George and Walter Castag-
netto and Mrs. James A. Devoto, a native
of San* Francisco, aced 23 years 4 months
. and-1" days.
ETThe funeral will take place Wednes-
day, March 16. at 11 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1234 Dupont street. Interment
Italian Cemetery. •
CHADDERDON— In thie city. March 12.. 10Ot v
Howard A., beloved husband of Lira C.
Chadderdon, and brother of George L.' Chad-
' deroxn of Los Ansele», Cal., a native of
Sacramento. Cal.. aged 2S yeara 1 month
and T days. ' < v,- "- '"¦ _1L "
ICTFuntral services to-day (Tuesday), at
2 o'cclck. trom the chapel of N. Gray Sz Co..
."3.1 Sutler street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Please omit owers.
DANCS— In this city. March 14, JOC-t. Anna
" Danes, Wife -of the -late J. B. . Danos. acd
mother of Mrs. \V. C. Errotf and the late
A— MURRAY Ai READY. 034-03>> Ciay st.
Phi-ne Main t.S4S.
Leading Employment end Labor Agent*.
In JlKiS u e cave Ourln* 18>4 we hcjyj
»vorit to Cawoo men. to increase 60,(Xhj.
I>J VW s?I*EAi£
l'a.»an, t>ern.»n. Spanish.
<Jr«tk, Frvrxh. Grevk?
Reduced Rttea.
—55—
Nevada.. Nevada;
To Nevada state.
5 hours day. Government work. S hours day.
:n teainstti*. hhi^ ic-::lght, $2 day.
18 iatn>rri-s-. tiiio tc-night.
Itackmea, «ir.i;ers. lrrlgatlaa ditch.
Nevada Clate.
I Government Work.
Shli> To-night.
To Arizona,
fhsp 'j-o-Mij;ht> 4
Close to P:-t-*..-..tt; '.Uu miles; $3 10.
-00 U£f>rerk, drttien, rwkir.tn. e'.c.
Prescctt, Arj2Wi--£h!j> dally.
XWodchc-rpert.
25 woodchopprrs. different jobs.
12 «S*rm»x.s or Austrians to chop wood.
12 mtxi to chop wood ar.d rcalce poa*s; north.
Boy for store, J« *«-<~>k. 25 tunneluien.
• i;;- a, painting, little eperience. $t> to $3
3 boys, learn different trades, S-i to
*5 w»>ek; tardener. flowers and vegetables.
$40.
2 et&blemen. $30 found.
6 teanvt ere fare $1 50. fl 75 day.
I.»alryn-.«n. Piurcas County. J40.
MIXES
Gold, Silver.
Coal, Copper.
f.H eise'.e «.r.a double har.d miners, $S2 50 to
12 mtchlne DhMrm, jfed tnlnes, f90.
Carj»nter for mine. $105.
tJriU sharoener for mine; cement finisher.
MILKERS, etc
lfl milkers. <5Jfrer-nt Jobs. S3O, JS5. $4O round.
ItaJian. StvIes milker, $.15 and found.
FARMERS — CHOREMHN — U^BORERS.
MEN' AND WIVES.
8 farmer* and wires. {40. *50 ar.d $00 found.
HOTEL DEPT.
» cooks. «5'.ffer»nt hotels, ranches, mh|es,
ete^ $ao to $65; B waiters, bell, elevator
boys. $15 to f«0 found.
Porter* —DISHWASHERS— ROVSTABOUTS
2 launfirymen. extra good jobs, $15 week.
8 butchers: country jobs, JSO. $40. $50 found.
F".aughterhr»ui<« butcher, 60c fare. ?4S found.
Butter irjUcen, south. tS5 and found.
MVRRAT & READT.
634-6S6 Clay st.
ALL elzea men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
pnee. 6C3 Mission sj.. bet 1st and 2d et*.
CET yoor ehoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
tt SOc. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts
HORSES AXD WAOOXS.
REGT*LAR auction vales of horses, buggies,
w-aarcr.* en<5 harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at C15 Ellis st.; all horses guaranteed
to b« as mresented. S. TVATKJXS, Auc-
tioneer. Phone East 743.
AT'CTION pstf of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth st. ; every horse must b«
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
BAT horse. 16 hands; price $200; eurrey.
?77>: new butcher or grocery wagon. $123;
beach trap. £ seater. ?35(>: rubber tire top
road buggy. $75. Box 454S. Call.
FOR rale — At Eclipse stable. 1375 Eddy «t..
r-rood mare, weisht 1250; 3 business horses:
•wo ch*a{> carts.
W O'TED— Horses. 1300 lbs. cr over; Ft*t»
N'o.. description and price. Box 4CT.0. Call.
F' >R safe fi^r fUi; an ojw»n bucpy in good con-
dition: rest fl0"». Box 453»;Call.
AtJCTIOS every Tuesday. 11 a. m.. of horses,
wapor.s ar.d harness, at 1143 Fclscm 5t.
Al EXPRESS waron. light campirg wapnn
ar.d go-cart for sale, cheap. 532 Mission st.
I^-rpest asscTtmt 2d-h?_n<1 wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey, harness, work, driving hrrs<-s. 15th-Valencia.
HOISES TO I,ET.
A— PRINTED list cf houses to let: ttend ter efcr-
fj'.ar G. H. VMBPEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
HOUSE on corner lot; har/fome home; stable,
*-tc. fcr sal* 1 theap. S00 First ave.
HOT "t^E tii 3 roorrs. $«; necr 2*th ar.d Castro.
Arr>ly J>!7 Clipper rt.
KeAULZSnSB. I2C9 — 12 rooms, bath and bll-
Uard-roc-m: $('£;; water fre*: modern.
CEp R-ntir.s Department M. Friedman & Co..
237 Post ««.. for nice flats and houses.
' EKFORE Tr.nv'.r.g get cur printM list of houses
to M. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Po5t St.
HOUSES TO LET — FlIt.MSHED.
A — U- KOOMfc". bath, basement, heater, laundry,
lar^e garden, conservatory; sunny side Sai-
ramento Vt.. near Pierce; will lease. For r*r-
»r.it to in»wct ac^Jy to SPECK & CO.. 203
Montgomery' ft.
X/H"ELT home to let. furnished, for eight
months; magriflo»nt marine rjcwjrs rooms.
Itilliard-room and pver>' convenience; one,
•>'.ock from Hyde-tt. cars. Apply MIP.-5
HAMILTON. l.'»13 Washington ft.
HOISES WANTED — ITnXISHED.
NEWLY furnls-hed hcuse of S to 10 rocms.
Western Addition. Room 3<r2, Hearst b'.dg.
HOtSES WASTED.
Et'NNT upf^r fiat of 4 rooms, not too far out,
for two Exults: reasonable. Box 4G3G. Call.
LOST AXD FOIVD.
ACCIDENTALLY lcrt et Ir.jrleside Racetrack
en February U, 1>j4. a pearl stick; medium
tizt-d p^arl, gold tack siting: pla crocked •
'n.m use. A suitable reward will be paid by
roiER-.unicating with P. O. bcx 2103, San
Francisco. . < . , ¦ .- "/
LOST- A with the HIbe.-nia Savings
nnd Loan Society of San FTT-nciRco in the
name of MARSHALL J. FA1RFIELD, No.
21-".-I43!5. TJ.-e finder will please return to
bank.
!.":-T— Small r.hite dog, black spot sbovestall;
fn*wers by the name of Finder will
receive reward by r€t_rninj::g to 511 McAl-
i lii-.fr st. - . - : g*ji
tVOST — Lady's black purse, two riner. non«-,
from >an Ma;«o to 22-J an<l Brj - ant; rlr.gs
te'f.t-ake. t.O Kamprhire, «.-or. 10th; reward.
»A*ST— BI>ck and white bitch greyhoand. Re-
_!HI!L tD " <)0 Mason Ft - n d receive reward.
1 - <: * ST — 'White Ucg. brov.-n «ars; namod Danger.
Please return 4 {5 Buth st.; reward.
LCt-'i — Great Dane, l-.s-.t I.- ind'»; "ravvoru for
r.U'.rn or icfor^a-ioa Isadtas; theie to. 1«2
Iiamscn st.
• — — _ . — -
FOUND— A lady's filk 'urabrrna; owner can
have same by proving ar.d paying charges.
R_ C. 11.. 12T5 Market st.
MEDICAL. '
LADIES dciirtng tale, eur/ and quick relief
Jrom irregularttles coosult me at once; my
methods are always «tfe. paln'itts and reli-
able: I bave no failures; cure guaranteed' no
*-xorijltar.t Jees; 17 years' experience In ail
J'rcnle _lKc:-der»: call or write without delay ;
¦ <3rict free; corr«#voa(Jence confidential
IJR. V. HITC. 7« ai-rkft »t.. rocass 7 "and «.
MRS. DR. V.YETH. tpecTTlIst for ail t7mZ\l
«?ajp!alr.ts and Ineculaxitifa; ln?tant relief
guaranteed ; y»art' finenence. S2fl Tost st.
MR>. DR. KOHL, reliable special itt for alTfe^
male troubles and Irregularities: instsnt re-
iief gu&racieed. UAti*^ Market st.. opr>. Sth.
V/XPIiAU'S '<Tn»ie pills; b«nt resuletinc i>i!ls
.solC: crice t2 53 by exiJiese. Pasteur's
iyrlnge and tablets ; price JH. ny express
on'.y on receipt of price. OKGOOD BKOTH-
IZRS. wholesale druggists. Se\'enth and
Itowy, Oakland.
VI'.. G. W. O'DOXNELI^— All who are sick er
<t.rnp;a:!Us: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate b»lp«-d: the most <Mfflcu:t cases treated;
«gvice free. Office. 101 S Market St.
Dr». Gcrxiwln.'7-TJ Turk, nr. Van N'M'S— Expeit
In ocstetrlo*. female ccmr'aint*: in6t. relief;
-u-eatm*-rt t\0; houtJ 1 , 10 to C: 23 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
tperUJiEl; a private home before and during
coaSncmwit: b»«t modlcal care: low fees.
DR. er.fl lins. DAVIES ir.4 HINDOO HERBS;
crfg'-nal method of treatment. 1120 Market st.
DR. HOSEN resides :X'O5 Polsom ft., corr.er
2€th: ladlen, relief cr no fee: $10.
DR. :»"C. TOT KEK. 313 Powell rt.. opposite
Uniri square; —II diseases ctarrd hy herb*.
5MSCELLAXEOCS FOR SALE.
TOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN'. 10S-197 Fremont tt.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
seeds no painting or aes.Ung; good over old
Iron, lln or eblngles; best for new roofs
ELATERITn ROOFINO CO.. 713 Marbct st!
Sn-HAND machinery, tollera, engines, pumps,
pulleys, tbfifcia*;. <rtc, etr, boi^ht. ecld,
rcnt'O and «'xchanred;- fee Sundsy pspers
II. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 150-1 ;2,Ucalo «t.
BAR fixtures of. the nockinghata, Powell and
O'FfirrcU ets- for sale. *
J!u. M. A. Wheelan. a native cf County
t-avan. Ireland, ased 76 yeare.
C?"Thc funeral will take Dlac* to-morrov
I Wednesday), at 8 :3<> o'clock, from the 1 par-
lors of J. C O'Connor & Co.. 7«7 Mission
street, thence to Mission Dolores Churcn.
where a requiem high mas» will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, at &
o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FINN— In this city. March 14, 1904. Berel
Finn, son of David Finn, a native of Or-
lanko. near Grodno, Kuesia. aged 70 year*.
CTTrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tu-day
• Tuesday), at O o'clock, from Charles J. B.
Metzler'9 Undertaking Parlors. iSHC Wash-
ington street. thence to Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets by 1<» o'clock funeral car.
Interment Eternal Home Cemetery.
GARVEY— In this city. March 14. 1904. at
the residence of his parents, ZA Tiffany ave-
nu*>. off Mission street. John. , beloved sun
nf Anthony and Annie Garvey. a native of
Hutte Cuy. Mont., as< d 2 yeara and ¦.»
months.
GEORGE— In this city, March It. itHH. R.ia
K. George, beloved mother nf Joseph. Fr*nk.
Vincent, Clement. Bernard and Marie Georie.
Mrs. E. Williams and Mrs. F. Ab*r, anj
grandmother of Mrs. W. M. Com^rford. a na-
tive rt Portugal, aged frl years « months ami
1!> days.
GIESE— March 12. lOCi, Carl Adolph Gles?.
"vlov»- n««cv<i nr Mathilda Glese. anj
| fatr.er of Carl and Arlele Giese. a natrve cC
Germany, aged .M> years * months and 2
days.
HAOMAX— In this city. Msroh 14. 100J. twLa
sens of Carl and Lydla Hagman. natives of
San FranclSco. Cal.
HICKEY— In this city. March 14. 1804 Mary
Ann. beloved wife of James Hickey. lovtn»
mother of Margaret. Mamie. Patrick. Nora.
Katie. Loretta and. James Hickey. Mrs. An-
nie Raycnift and the late Daniel Hickey.
daughter of Ell?n and the lat* Dennis No-
Ian, and sister of Willie. Patrick, Louis an.l
Catherine Nclan and Mrs. E. T. Hickey and
Mrs. H. ONeil, a native of Sherkin Island.
County Cork, Ireland, aged 52 yeara.
lUTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at 1&» South Park.
HUGHES— In this city. March 13. lt»4.
Bertha, beloved wife of William N. Hugh»«.
a native of New York, aged 31 years. A
member of New Century Circle No. 513, C.
O. F of A.
C^Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. March Hi. at 2 o'e!<->ck. from the chapel
of J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to the Alcazar building. 120 OFar-
rell street, where services will be- held under
the au9plc?s of New Century Circle, No. 5K5.
C. O. F. of A., commencing at 2:30 o'clock.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KAUFMANN— In this city. March 13 1904.
Eli.se. dearly beloved wife of Otto ' Kauf-
mann. an<l mother of Eugene and Arthur
Kaufmann. a native of Interlaken. Switzer-
land, aged 3S years and 8 months.
C7"Friendi» and acquaintances are respect-
fully' Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Tuesday), at 2:3O o'clock, from the parlors
or H. F. Suhr & COj 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth.* Interment Odil
Fellows' Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, March 13. 1904, Charlra
Kelly, a native of California, aged 41 years
and 21 days. A member of the Walters'
Unicn. Local No. 30. *
ZZT Friends anil acquaintances' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
at 3 o'clock, fr^m the funeral parlora of Por-
ter & White. 42:1 Golden Gate avenue.- In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In Alameda. Cal., March 13. 19C4.
Alexander Kennedy. beloved husband of
M&rtha Kennedy, father of Harriet Ken-
nedy, son \ji Thomas and Mary Kennedy,
and brother of William. Frank and the lata
Thomas Kennedy and Mrs. Seymour llerbrri.
Mrs. Charles Kelley and Mrs. H. J. Lynch,
a native of r«an Francisco, aged 2) year.*
and 2 months.
KORSBERG— In thla "city. March 11. 10»M.
Oscar \V., belnrtd son of Frank and Helena
Korsberg. and brother of the lata Uulti
KorsbtrK, a native of Sweden, aged 22 yeara
7 month-* and 2»» days.
CTFricnUs ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day, March 17, at 10 o'clock, from the fam-
ily residence. 2121 Greenwich street, near
Fillmere. Interment Cypress L»wn Ome-
tery, by elsctric car trom Eighteenth ana
Guerrero streets.
LANCJ — In this city, March 13. 1001. May.
dearly beloved wife of Ernest L. Lang, an 1
loving daughter of Mi's, and the late David
Hareen. and sister of John, Catherine anl
Elisabeth Haretrn.
ICX Remains at the parlor* of Carew &
Ei;llsh.
LENAHAN — An anniversary solemn requiem
high mail for the repose of the soul of John
Lenahan father of John A.. Charles T. an.l
Frank J. Lenahan and Mrs. Daniel J. Shay.
wl!l be bung at St. Ignatius Church un
Wednesday morning at t» o'clock. Friend*
and acquaintances are respectfully lnvlt<d
to attend.
LEWIS — In this city. March 13. 1904, Jame*
Lewis, a native of Dcgmaels, Cardigan, Eng-
land, ajred i"2 years.
O'HARA— In this city. March 13. 11)04, Fran*
O'Hara, beloved husband of the late Mary
O'Hara, and dearly beloved father of Sadie.
John and Hugh O'Hara. Mrs. L, Collanger.
Mrs. R. Martin, Mrs. J. Cole and Mrs. J.
Lagrave, a native of Ireland. A member of
Franklin Lodge No. 44, A. O. V. W.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morro.w
(Wednesday), at 8:;>t» o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. StJfl Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
Ft. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be. celebrated for the repose
of hia soul, commenting at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OLSSON— In thl3 city. March 13. 1304, Frithiof •
Ludwig Hallbeck OUson. dearly beloved son
of Ludwlg and Kerstin Olsson, .and brother
of Slgrid and Ingeborg Olsson. a native of
San Francisco, aged 5 months and 24 days>.
CTFriends and acquaintances ,4»re respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resldenca
of the parents. 3214 Twenty-first street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
OWENS— In Oakland. Cal.. March 14, 1904.
Owen Owens, a native of Wales, aged »-
years.
PERKINS — In the City and County Hospital.
March 13. 10C4. Julia Perkins, a native of
Ireland, aged t!> years.
PONCE— At Mayfleld. Cal., March 12, 13t'4,.
Jcliette Adeline Ponce, a native of Califor-
nia, aired 21 years.
PORTEOUS^-In this city. March 14. 1D04.
Janet S. Porteous, of Roas Valley, Cal.,
widow of the late James S. Porteous, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged »>4 yeara.
C7" Friends are invited to attend the
funeral cervices * at 11 o'clock, WeUnesriH}.
March 10, at the residence cf Mrs. Rcbeit
iiherwood, 1123 California street. Interment
l<rivate.
RAILTON— In this city. March i:J. 1004. Hel-n
Hutton Muirheail. belov»d wife of O. W.
Railton, and mother of H. E. A. Railton. a
native cf Brantfnrd. Ontario. (Victoria, B.
C. Toronto, Ontario, and Seattle, Wash.,
papers please copy.)
C?"Friend!» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. March 15. at 1 o'clock, at 11&! Do-
lores street. Interment private.
ROBER — In this city, March II. 1»<>4. Ther-
csia Maria Rober. dearly beloved wtf» of
William Rober, beloved mother of Wllhel-
mina and Clara Rober. daughter of TheresU
Vost. and sister of Mrs. Charlea Kraua. Jo-,
soph Voat and Mrs. Catherine, Biumle, .4
native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 43 years
I month and 4 days.
ROHRER — In this city. March 14. 1904,
Minna, beloved wife of the late Jacob Roh-
rsr, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. O. H.
Moultfin. William J., Frederick J.. Karl
and Theodore Rohrer, and beloved sister of
Mrs. K. Beyer. Mrs. R. Noethlff. Mrs. Ma-
rie Haarer and Christian Wieland. a native
of Endersbach. Germany, aged 47 years 2
months and 2*.' dayst
ICTFriends" and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invMed to attend the funeral services
Thursday, March 17. at 10 o'clock, at her
• late residence, 2431 ' Folsoiri street, near
Twenty-first, thence to Odd Fellow*' Ceme-
tery. '
SCHWERSENZ — In Posen. Germany, Moritz
Schwersenz. beloved father of Mrs. C. Stern-
berg, Mrs. H. Karewski, Mn». A. Auerbach
and Mrs. Z. Lubeck. a native of Germany.
SLACK — In this city. March 14. 19&4. Mrs.
Margaret Slack, a native of County Sligo,
Ireland.
STEVENSOX— In this city, March 13. 1904.
John J-. beloved husband of Rebina Stev-
enson, and father of Edith. James. Albeit
and Edwin Stevenson, a native of Scotland,
aged t"2 year*.
CTFuneral to-day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock,
from the Masonic Temple, corner of Post
a-nd Montgomery streets, under the auspices
cf Pacific Lodge Xo. Urt. F. and A. M. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
TENNEY— In Oakland. Cal., March It, 1804.
Abby W.. beloved wife of Rev. W. A. .Ten-
ney. and mother of Alfred D.. Camilla L>.
and Charlea B. Tenney and Mrs. W. II. Day.
a native of Maine, aged 75 years 11 month*
and 21 days.
THORN— In Livermore, Cal.. March 14. 1004.
William P., beloved sen of Philip and Bar-
bara Thorn, aged 40 years and 12 days.
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
CHL— In this city. March 14. 10O4, George
I I hi, ' a native of Germany, aged 79 yaars.
F. J. Mcnahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER&
23^U-£;il MUslon »t_. near Nineteenth.
g>n Francisco-
I James McGinn. Henry Uanara. . I
JAMES McGINN A CO.. I
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. 3
•—Funeral Director* and Embalm*!* I
214 Eddy st.: Tel. South 87& |
«T<cr;Lt>A VEopy rou sAi,K~r^
PAINT your eld ar.d new metal and shingle'
roofs with Arbestc!" Roof Paint: euaranted
to »toj> all Itaks in the one and preserve the
new. CC5 Front St.; tel. Main 1428.
i A— FINK «ults. 17 50; drees pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit C!ut!i:ns Parlors, 23S Kearny 6t-,
ncar^Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
j A— IIUYs, fe'.!« or rents u»a# machinery, en-
; cir.es. loi:?n>. water pipe, shafttni,', pulleys.
etc V.HITELAW. 253-2J5 .S',>ear Et.
| ALTKI'-ATICN rale— Best Si .",0 haJs. Jllo"
l"o;>ular Price Hatt-r. :j."0 Kearny et.. near
Pine: open to y p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY cur rr.?n> shr.es at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foct-forrr. Fhc*s al $2 HO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d ft.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
8%c ROLL sr.4 up; fine wall paper: sampler
mallei; peinting. tinting, raperirr. M. MER-
IGAN. 1G02 WebFter. Tel. Jackson 1321.
A 24t'". ln.PLANKK and matcher.2tfanrl 50 h.p.
ca» r 'lr.e enpines. mot^r*. gener«tJrn, rnsir.es.
l>oil»-rs,m!r. and mill.maoh'y.. J20 fTretncnt st.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds', an. 1 \vatche«;
'.">!' payment*. OARIN. tu^3 Ueforard llog.
FOR sale — Piano, music box.'- orpa/i. harness
and modern house. 422 Oranse St., Oakland.
FOR sile — Commuting scale; firpL^lass order;
iea*onahl<>. 721 Folsom st. ' <j|
A FREPH coir trJ calf for rale. 500 Twenty-
ninth Sit.
FOR *«1»— Plumber's tool*, crlndingr stone and
tarbtrg' chmr«. 953 Howard st.
Er.cycl:'ped;a Briiannlca; Scribner edition; half
n-.orocco. Kirir's Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister.
GASOLINE ermines bought. Bold, exchanged,
rei aired. fiykcs-Conscn Co.. 254 Beaie st.
SAFES ar.d ca?h replsters. new and .second-
har.d. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market «t.
DKSKS bought, sold and exchanged, t] TK
MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 MifJlon; tel. Bu^h 407.
SOME pood second-hand Caroline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. che? p. E. P- Beck & Co.. 122 MkL
SLOT BtaeMnes ch»ap; «."hlcagoei. TR-entleth
Centuries. Fucks. BACIGALUPI. 833 Market.
DEFKS and S3fes; see the complete line at 1S16
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. YhE HER-
•• \N SAFK CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bar-stint. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post «t.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
* Co.. 122 Market St.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles end launches;
all eizey. J. E. DOAK. 4C Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
m«V«>i». ALKXANriER & CO.. 110 Montg'y
MISCELLANEOIS WAXTS.
WANTED — Utrht stetl or Iron rails, eight or
twelve j<ound. in sood cor.tiitlcn. EDWARD
A. ELLSWORTH. Nile*. Cal.
BROKEN chairs and rookers bought or re-
paired; furniture repairing a specialty. 370
Ffll st.
WANTED — To buy dairy, with or without
cows; near city. Address 2.1? States St., city.
SHOES wanted; misfit & cestoff ; highest prcs.;
m-vi- <fc 2d hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
BOOKS and libraries b-jueht. H. C. HOLME?!
1 1 4'.» Market st.; rhone Jf-?sie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all ltinds of cas{-off
oioti.ing: ter.d postal. MORRIS. 943 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
th°atrirai g^'!«. 7!H Oth St.: tel. J»wKle 2SM.
MOafEY TO LOAX.
AAA— HEIU1AX MUKI'HY.
001-b02-eW Examinrr Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
tTstztvs. «e<xmd mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust.
* etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided tn-
ier«-sts in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confldential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
•X>NTROL $l.t>00,COO.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES
CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-S-3-10-11. CROCKER BUILDING, S. F.
WILL LOAN "
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate cr
Chattels,., in city, town
or country.
Low rat* of Interest.
Give full particulars.
of property cr chattels.
LocEticn. etc.
Box 408. Call office.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail n:er-
chants, teamsters. boa.-ding-hou!«es. without
¦ security; .easy payments: large business in
; 46 principal cities. Tolman. 55.1 Parrott bldg.
j ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; ttrictly confidential. National
Credit Co., 68 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
!*K» Market: tH. MalD 1044. Branch, 19 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture ur pianos; no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 2'i Montgomery st., rm. 7.
M. JACOBSON & CO.. financial brokers. Emma
S; irck-is Lldg., rm. C21: loans and all other
financial matters negotiated: confidential.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM SI TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unin-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-43. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without r.ecurlty; on furni-
ture, Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b!djr.
AT lowest rates en furniture and piar.oo: strict
pnvacy;no commission: installments? accepted.
EONELLJ. 301 Uddy. Conservatory building.
ALL losn* en diamond? and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Ear.k. 5".S Kearny.
2% ON furniture & pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no ccm. V. TREMAIN. room -SI. C Eddy st.
1 PER cent en furr.iture or pit'^o. 100:; Mutual
FaviriRs Bank building. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyon-lns loans money to
ral&rlfd employee. R. JU1 Mutual Sav.CU.bld.
CASH Icrired salaried p*op> en note* without
.Indor^er. MORKLL. Wl rxa-rlnrr budding.
51 0 NK V WASTED.
WANTED — J2jO<> on hotel property; cpod se-
curity; will pay reasonable rate of Interest.
Box 4C2r«, Cail.
f2."(x> WANTED one year; jrocd security. Box
4300, Call or flee. .
WANTED — Lran of $200 on town property;
will i.ay «> per rent. Box 4fi40. Call.
ml'sical ixstrc/mk.\ts.
FOLLOWS:
Two Etelnway. one Chickering, one Hterlin«,
one Halnts Bros., two Steck, one Stelnway
grand end one 3:eck grand; also many other
pianos from $7.". up and square pianos from $10
up. ail fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & 8ON. 1C O'Farrell at.
A CLEARANCE eaie of upricht pianos from
150 up; greatest bargains «ver offered In San
Franclsc-j; all makes. We rent upright
piano* fcr $2 i«-r month; new at <3 per
month: all money raid applies on purchase
Heine Piano Co.. 2S3-237 Geary «t. Oakland
fcddrt-f 12£U Broadway.
ONLY ciano house- in the city that will rent
you a new piano tcr %Z ptr momh and allow
«• months rent and cartage off . purchase
price; cole agents for McPhall. Schiller and
ether makes. SCOTT-CL'RTAZ. 5C0 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storace pianos (aleo furnl-
V}.^\-^. ! JJ_ b * * old to Pay storage dirt cheap.
•MIITEHEAD'S storage. 1C38 Market »t- ;
SMALL pianos for small apartments: great
tone; rent or tale. Byron Mau:y, «0S Po*t it.
NEW upright pianos sold on 55 monthly pay^
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister stT
3-PEDAL*»rinway up. ;Chlckerir.R baby crand-
ghonHr.er. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.'
IF you want Laicalns come now; piano* at-
mctt given away. Hornung. 210 McAllister.
A FISCHER ucright piano for sale; good as
new; $1"5. '£17 Ge&ry rt.
EOKMER, Byrrn Manry nlanos. Ceelilan ctanu
player. BYRON MAUZY. "oq.312 Pofit bt.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LE ' r - *
EIGHTH St., 2"5— Two tine " «ore?(, $12 5.");
each has 2 llvins rooms, or can be used all
together; water free.
VA LENCIA. 1304 — Nt at store to let; counter-
•itl vi»:£ ; rent cheap. ' .
\ H H (' I ill VI \N ( )H nr I A
A 1 N ill J / : \^^> V^y I K^J 1 T 11 1 \^J \^y 1 1 1 1 J / V J i \ fl I j
BY STATING YOUR
WANTSTransport Thomas Arrives.
The transport Thomas, Captain Lyman, ar
rived in port last night, 28 days 22 hours and
SI minutes from Manila, 22 days and 10 hours
from Nagasaki, anil 11 days and 1 hour from
Honolulu. She brings 149 cabin passengers
-, The Time" Ball on the tower, of. the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon, to- day —
l.-e., at noon of the 120th meridian, orat 8
p. m., Greenwich time. . J. C. BURNETT,',
; Lieutenant U. S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrograpblo Office. ' U. S. N. (i Mer
'chants' Exchange, ' S«n Francisco. ' Cal.,
March. 14 1004 ' -
Time Ball.
San Francisco Light Vessel No. 70, California
(LiBt of Lights and Fog Signals. Pacific Coast.
JWJ. page 14, No. 27 :' List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1903, page 10).
.Stationed about 3U- miles outside of the bar
off the entrance to San Francisco Harbor,
about 10% miles SW, %¦ XV from Fort Point
Lighthouse and- about 500 feet to the north
ward of range line marked by Fort Point Light
and Alcatraz Light. '
Notice is hereby given that this vessel, which
recently parted her moorings and steamed Into
the harbor, was placed on her station March
12. 1904. in the same location. '
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W.'P. DAY, Commander, II. S. N., .
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Notice to Mariners.
Sun, Moon* and Tide.
United States Coast ." and T Geodetic ¦. Survey-^—
- "Time and Height of High and Low "Waters
, ' at Fort Point. ' entrance to San Francisco
ARRIVED.
" Monday. March 14.
Br stmr TVyefleld, TVataon, 5 days 20 hourt>
from Nanalmo. : . • . .
' Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 27 hours from
Ean Pedro
Stmr Scotia, , Johnson, 8 hours from San
Vicente Landlnj.' • t
' Btmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, 70 hours from
Newjrort. ;.
• Schc Esther Buhne, Olsen, 8 days from Coos
Bay.
•¦ ¦ Hchr " Lizzie ¦ Vance, Jensen, 12 days ' from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega. ¦
CLEARED.
Monday, . March 14.
- Stmr Spokane, Nopander... Eureka, P CSS
Co. „¦¦'•-•
Nor. stmr v T«Uuj>. ¦ Arntien, ' Ladysmltb. R.
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
Shipping Intelligence.
fioes Ashore Along Hawser.
A J«panese passenger, detained on the
st*am*hlp City of Puebla by the Immigration
Bureau, made his way ashore on Sunday night
by shinning down one of the forward mopring
lines. He would have escaped had he not
waited on the bulkhead to replace the shoes
he had removed to facilitate his gymnastic
performance. The dock, watchman's suspicions
were aroused by the man's actions and, before
his second foot was shod the Japanese was In
custody. With one shoe off and one shop on,
thp wanderer from the island empire, was taken
back aboard the steamer and locked up. ' Prior
to making his hazardous descent of the hawser,
the -Japanese had offered the watchman on
bop.rd $20 to let him go.
Schlffbek Is Floated.
The German ship Schlffbek. from Hamburg
for Santa Rosalia, previously reported ashore in
the river Kibe, has been assisted ' oft and
Is anchored at Brunshausen.
v _ _*. ,; -
The Overdue List.
The rate of reinsurance on the Dutch bark
Zwljger, now out 148 days from Havre for
Laguna, waa" advanced , yesterday to 90 per
cent. " The other overdues are quoted as fol
lows: Englehorn,. 10, per cent; W. F. Bab
cock and Clematis, 15 per cent.
Buteshire Is Still Ashore.
The British ship Buteshire, which was
driven ashore in l!lchardson Bay during last
Thursday's gale, is still hard and fast In the
mud and. so 'far. all efforts to get her Into
deep water have failed. 'Ihe Buteshire is
drawing only nine feet, but in her vicinity
there Is only seven feet or water at high tide.
The shea; water prevents the uss of the larger
of the tugboat fleet, and such towboats as can
get sufficiently near the stranded vessel lack
the nower necessary to drag the big Britisher
from her mud bed. Captain Pardee is thinking
seriouBly of employing house movers to get his
vessel within reach of tugboats strong enough
to pull her into desp watar. Her position,
meanwhile, would be very dangerous in the,
event of heavy weather.
KKAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAY. IUBCU IC
Man' A. «:arr to Elfin O. Heydenfeldt. lot on
N t.n» ot Post t?tr»«-t. 1K» IV of Larkin. AV «7:C
by S 12<i. nuitolaim deod; tlo.
William •-'. Syencr to f5atne. Fame; $10.'
I>"»liol(i stn<1 lifw Aucrbach to I^eonce (Jroth
wr 11, lot "on S Mne of Hayes street, It55 E of
Bc-han&n. K 27:«i by S 12«t; $l(t.
Edward Duncan to Georce <). Davis, lot on
N line o' EUta Ftreet, IT*) W of Laguna, W
'S> l-y K 12»; IS.
Stephen J'. and Marj' A. Jefferson to Davl.1
tilbbeid. lot on K line of Webster Etrt-et, M-6
f ..f Vallejo, S •» by E »1:6: $H».
Jotejih M. an<1 Boai h'trau."« to David Holz
>^rg. lot cm'S line of Ceary street, 112:0 W of
I?u< hanan. W 25 by S t»5: $10.
Eleanor M. Macpart (wife of Edward F.)
t . Abraham and Eva VsVTf, lot en W line of
FJIlmort etrr-et. IO3 N of Sacramento. N 25 by
"VV {*>:«; $10.
Henri and I>~na Msrx to Minnp Schoenfeld.
lot on F Ifne of Poi>t street. 1UO TV of Brod
orlck. \V "Z, by S 1W; $;o.
l-< u; ¦ «n4 1- I'm E. Jones to GrorRe T. and
l>njamln Jonec. lot on S line of Fulton street.
M:3 W r.f Hhrader, W 2«:« by R 80; $10.
Job I), and Maria <;. Wilwn to Montgomery
Hfstod. lot on N line of Fulton street. 176:0
K «t Fim avenue. K 2T> by N 1^7:6: $lft.
William R. Fin!ar to Acnes K. Kinlay, lot
on N lln» of Kourteonth street. 175 TV of
Fanrhex. W 25 by N 03: gift.
John Center to Charles and N» Pierson.
lot rn E line of Bryant ftreet. 233 N of
Twenty-first, N 2Ti by K 100; $10.
,Jar©b F.. and Hattle E. Bosshart to John
F. and Margaret McOrath, lot on K line of
' SPP ftrect. t» S of Twenty-fifth. 8 19:4 by
rrirtate nf Tatrick F. or P. K. or Patrick or
P Tiynrn «by administrator* to Paul P Austin
lot on TV line of 5anchrz Mrwt 25 S of Twen
ty-Flxth. S 44:6 by W R0; $S375.
raul P. Au*tln to Alpheu* and Mary K. Duf
tr*. lot on XV lin»» of Sanrhez gtreet, 25 S of
Tventy-stxth. S 22:3 hy W R0- $10
Fame to Km*!} n J. NVwbert (wife of J. M.)
1"t on W lin«» of Kanrhe* street 47-3 S of
Twenty-Pixth. B 22:3 hv TV PO- $10
B*rn«rd W. I>-ppe to PhlUp H. I>eppe lot on
K line of Douglas* Ktr»>€t, 135 N of Seventeenth
N C5 by E 14R; $10.
William. Charles and Ethel Duveneok (mi
nors) by Mtr. William F. Puveneclc (marillan)
to A. Herman, lot on N line of Eighteenth
*-twt. 103:4 W of Eureka, W 25:10 by N 75;
Mrs. TVIIliam F. Duveneck to Fame, came:
Mary GhiKla to Edward Dcleanl. lot on V
line of W&Fhln*rton i*«r»>et. 137:6 TV of Powell
TV 42:« by N 137:6; $10.
John M. and Mar>' E. Klein to George Car
ruthers. lot on E line of Terba Buena street,
»?J» H of Clay, S 23:6 by E 80. quitclaim deed:
$inn.
Alois* and Josephine Glets to William Cohen
lot on STV line of First street. 40 8E of Nato
mii. SK 40 by SW CO: J1O.
TV TV. and Nellie C. V*n Arsdale to George
w. Bcott, un-li\ide<I half of lot on NW line of
Mission street. 402 NE of Fourth, NE 63 by
XW 160: SIOl -
G«CTXe W. «D<1 Carrie T>. Seott tp TT. XT.
Ven AmlaJe. «ndl\-i<5e<1 half of lot on NW line
of Mission rtreet, 433 NE of Fourth. NE 53 by
PTT I€«: $10.
Adolphe Schneld*T to Florentine Schneider,
lot on NTV corner of Fourtlj and Freelon etreeU,
Grain for Euroi>c.
The French bark Bonchamp was cleared yes
terday for Qu«-enstown. lor orders, with «fi.5C(5
ctls wheat, valued at ?'J3,10», and 18,Wkj fc
lumber as dunnage, valued at $256.
The Krlttsh baiK Iredalc cleared for lpswlcli,
Kvjnnii. yesterday, with 43.071 ctls barley,
valued at (30,000, and 11.20>) ctls wheat, val
ued at ?1«,000. The vessel also carried 17,000
ft lumber as dunnase. valued at $255.
»
Mvport.s by the Alamcria.
The steamer Ala/neda sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with an assorted cargo, valued at
and including: the following: B5 bbU
flour, 2O,7."«7 lbs 11 0s bread, 70S lbs 2 cs
raisins, 11.537 It* beans. 4201 lbs dried' fruit,
180 ca canned salmon, IM> bbls 6 half bbls
pickled Kalmon. TljO lbs 3 cs • cheese, 88 cs
c£tis, 15, KCJ lbs butter, {*'» cs assorted canned
Boods, 7417 lbs 47 cs meals, 1HU casks' buttlea
beer. 2515 cals 30 cs wine, 334 gals 57 cs
whibUy, 2» cs liquors, 12 cs champagne, 72,u.>*>
lbs rice. 121)2 pkes potatoes, 122 pkgs onions,
1115 pkEs tresh lrults. 178 pkgs fresh vegeta
bles, 100 pkgs vastc, 20.700 lbs codfish. 20SO
lbs. hops, 45.030 lbi« malt, 17fn> lbs tea, l«Sl
lbs candy. 12,502 lbs dried fish, 11.727 lbs
pickled fish, 08 pkgs table preparations. 1*0
lik^s ifrocerles and provisions, 1440 lbs 12 ca
chocolate. 11,912 lbs ham and bacon, 0310 lbs
lard. I) cs mineral water, 8252 lbs fresh meat,
1394 lbs fresh fish, 23 pkgs fresh oysters. ' 543
lbs 15 ca dressed poultry, 241 frals vinegar,
2082 lbs smoked m«?at, 14 pkgs syrup, 580O lbs
salt. 7 ct!a wheat, 100 ctls barley, 54«6 lbs
bran, 14 ctls corn, .25 cs honey, 510 lbs sugar,
25,000 lbs 01 cs manufactured tobacco, 108
pkRs dry goods, 120 cs' boots and shoes, 17 cs
hats and cans. 7 pkgs electrical supplies, 277
pkrs paper, 50 pkgs machinery. 34 cs
arms and ammunition, 81 tins matches, ISO
pksa drugs and sundries, 1300 lbs tfn plate,
275 pkgs paints. 22 bbls 45 cs oils, 68 bxs
Koap, 114 bdls 133 pes Iron, 29 pkgs - leather.
30 bdls 30 dcs steel. 5 cyls ammonia, 39 colls
rope, 13 bales twine, 1B2 pkg-s w»«n material,
3t> pkgn saddlery and harness, 121 pkgs sewer
pipe, 4071 lbs asphaltum, 5579 lbs cement, 4050
lbs soda. , ' . • =-.;'
and 1403 steerage. She has no prisoners on
board end no deaths are reported.
«
Iiumbcr Sirliooners Rcacli Port.
Amonu the few vessels that entered port
yesterday wtrc two lumber schooner*, th«
Esther lJuhne. eieht days from Coos Bay; and
the :XJ»ie Vance, twelve days from Grays
Harbor. Between them they brought nearly
l.UOO.MM) ftet of lumber.
XKWS OF THE OCEAX.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British shia Belford (at British Colum
bia) fs chartered for lumber, thence to Syd
ney or Newcastle. Australia, at 32s; British
shi:> Forteviot (on l'uset Pound), same busi
ness, thence to Sydney at .'Ud 'M, with option
of Port flrie at o4s or Melbourne or Adelaidj
at .".">.«.
The bark Olympic and the barkentlne Irm
gard return to Honolulu with general cargo.
The steamer Melville Dollar. 1103 tons, has
been chartered by the Commercial Cable
Company to carry supplies to Midway Island.
NW SO by SW SO; also lot en N line of Sutter
street. i:;7:6 E of Larkin. E 27:6 by N S7:»>;
also undivided half o* lot on N line of Jackson
street. 10:; : H2 W of Dupont. W 31:4»4 by N
t«:9; also lot 132. Silver Terrace Homestead
Association; (?lft.
Thor O. and Josephine II. Heydenfeldt to El
fin O. Heydenfcldt. lot on E corner of Howard
and EiKlith streets?, NK 137 :« by BB i;t7:«; also
lot on N line of Post street 110 W of Ldrkln,
W 07:<; by N 120. quitclaim deed: $10.
Oxen O. and Margaret M. Heydenfeldt to
same, same; $10.
Scott H. and Mary L. Simonds to Walter A.
Simond.". lot on W line of Twenty -seventh ave
nue. 231 a N of California street, N 31:3 by
W 120; *1O.
John and Ada M. Hinkel to Richard F.
IVju-'hio. lot on N line of Point Lobos avenue,
K»:ll W of Twenty-fifth avenue, W 25 by N
100; $10.
J. Frank an>l Marea Walters and George A.
Turmr to Louis Jacob, lot on W line of Thlr
ty-Hghth avenue and NK of Cliff, NW 30.05,
N 12N.'««. K 30. S 111); $10.
Andrew Olson to Augusta Olscn, lot on W
line of Sixth avenue, 275 S of A street. S 25
by W U»: K !ft.
William J. and Emma «'. Gunn to Joseph A.
Fapan. lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue,
170 N of Ft street. N TiO by W 120; $10
Albert II. and Elizabeth A. Whittle to Mar
garet McCloskey (wife of Michael), lut on \V
line of Kixth avenue, 120 S of H street S 25 by
W 120: *10.
City Realty Company to Robert O. and Adri
enne M. Hoffman, lot on NK corner of Sixth
avenue and Hugo street, N 25 by fcl 93; $10.
Phoebe A. Hearst Ui Bunaet Realty Com
pany, lot on NW corner of Thirteenth avenue
and T street. N 2S."i. W 120, N SO. E 120 N
110:11, W 2403. S 443. E 240; also lot on NW
corner of Fourteenth avenue and T street N
412:2, W 1.^5:4. FK 454.22, E 133.81; also lot
on SW corner of Fourteenth avenue and T
street. S OH*. W 187.71, NW «0afiS. E 159. G.V
a!»> lot on HK corner of Thirteenth avenue and
T street, S r.lG:Il. NK BS2.02, W 207.40; $10.
Same to B. M. l>ambaid. Outside Landj
block* 11J*4 and 1187; $10.
Jacob and Una Heyman to Kmile J. La
pacbet, lot on W line of Thirty-ninth avenue,
::01:<» 8 of W street. N 2«:0, W 2fl), S 13:4.
E 24(». quiu-lair.i deed; $10.
Kdwin W. Richardson to same, rame: $lo.
Edwin T. and Catherine McArmally and
Mary A. Stansbury (McArmallyl to Delphlne
Stansbury, lot on XE corner of I J rosj>oct ttreei
and Columbia place. N 2T» by K 80. lot 8, Har
ris' may No. 2, Prcclta Valley; Rift.
Albert C. Alken to Adolph Hauer and
Charles Dais?, lat on N corner of Somerset
and Kacon ftrcpts. NW 40() by NK 240. block
2>. University Mound, quitclaim deed: *10.
J. Alfred and Fanny V. Marsh to Dollle S.
Andrews, lot 1*. block C, Sunset Heights; $lrt.
John Radar-] to Maria V. Ballapl. lots 1740
to 174!». gift nwu 4: also lot on NW corner of
Kleventh avenue and L street. NW 420, S 100
BE! 420. NK UK), lot B. block 220, South San
Franr'sco Hoirestead; eift.
Adah and Virgil Sloore to Mike Mlmoff.
lot on s line of Richland avenue, loo W of
Pouth street. W 50 by S 100, lots 21 and 22
block 5, Holly Park: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Gcorjre Grurnlg (owner) with John E. Beck
(contractor), plans by owner— All work for a
three- story frame buildini? on \V !fne of Florida
(Columbia) street. 130 N cf Twenty- fourth. N
2<i by W 100; $5105.
David and Cecelia Baker (owners) with James
F. <"cnlan and George P. Connor (contractors)
architect A. !>. Sundercr — All work for a two
story and basement frame building on W line
of Wocdward avenue (Je*sle street) "121 N of
Fourteenth street, N 24 bv "W 63. 11. B. 27'
H210.
llary W*. Shaw (owner) with W. H. Wlckcr-
Kham (contractor), architects Newsom & New
pom — All work for a two-story frame luiili.1-
Inx on K line of First avenue, 7S:4Vi S of Clay
street. 2."» by 101:2: $4200.
Mary A. Grant- (owner) with James A. Me-
Cullough (contractor and architect) — All work
for a two-Ktory frame building, basement and
attic oi> NE corner of Clay and Cherry street*
N IOC by B 27:<5; $7050.
P. 11. Dermody (owner) with Felix Marcuse
(contractor). architect — All work for a
two-story frame building on W line of Sec
ond avenue. 300 N of Clement street, N 25 by
\V 12O; *2S00.
Ahaldo Andreazzi (owner) with same con
tractor and architect — All work for a two-story
frame building (flats) oh S line of Filbert
stnt't. 237:6 K of Dupont. E 17:6 by 67:6:
SHIP WIL'LIAM H. MACY,
WHICH WAS ALMOST DIS
ABLED BY THE STORM.
Nell— Miss Oldun is convalescing, I
hear.
Belle — Yes, I think she was scared
back to life.
Xell — How do you mean?
Belle — I believe her attention was
called to the fact that if she died her
exact age would be engraved on the
coffin plate.— Washington Star.
Bay. Published by official authority of th«
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlssion-Etreet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY.' MARCH 15.
Sun rises ¥ 6:21
Sun sets , 6:17
Moon rises 5 :22 a. m.
3 (Time! |Time! |Tlmej )TlmTj
£ I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. | j Ft. j J Ft.
?j 1L W] |H W| |L W| |H Wj
15* 4:17 2.2110:30 fi.n 4:.".?,' 0.«|ll:27 5.0
lfi 4:52 2.0|ll :C9 4.0 5:ll| O.S|H:51 5.0
17 5:26 1.6)11:40 4.0 5:42! 1.2 j
H W Is W H \V| IL. W|
1R 0:14 5.0 6:021 1.4 12:24| 4.7j 6:12 1.3
19 0:P,« 5.0 0:42 1.1 1:05 4.7 6:44 1.6
20 l'.Oli 5.0 T:22 0.9! 1:52 4.5! 7:22 2.0
21 l-:3*! 5.1} S:07 0.7j 2:47 4.3| 8:04 2.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given In the left
hand column and i the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives th* last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
t-omctlmes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign piecedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
or the lower low waters...
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Missouri Hakodate ¦ |Mar. 15
Sequoia Willapa Harbor ...... Mar. 15
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. prford.|Mar. 15
Mackinaw Tacoma % Mar. 15
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. | Mar. 15
WVlllngton... Oyster Harbor ....... JMar. 15
State of Cat.. San Diego & Way Pts.JMar. 15
Oregon Portland & A3iona Mar. 15
Pomona Ilumboldt Mar. 15
Rrdondo Portland &. Astoria . Mar. IB
Alliance Portland & Way l'orts.|Mar. 17
Kureka | Humboldt (Mar. 17
Colon New York via Panama. Mar. IT
Lmatllla Pujrct Sound Portu Mar. IT
Bontta Newport & Way Ports. Mar. 17
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts.lMar. 1"
Del Norte Orescent City |Mar. 17
Enterprise Hllo ;Mar. IS
Hero......' Oyster Harbor Mar. IS
Spokane '. Humboldt |Mar. 18
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului. . Mar. 18
Jeanle Seattle & Taeoraa Mar. IS
Elizabeth Coquille Rl\cr jMar. IS
Nr.wburg I Grays Harbor |Mar. IS
Czarina Coos Bay |Mar. 11>
Anubls Seattle :..jMar. 20
O. W. Klder.. Portland *: Astoria Mar. 20
Centralla Grays Harbor Mar. 21
Rainier Seattle & Whateom... Mar. -1
Senator Puget Sound Ports.... Mar. 22
Coptic .... China & Japan Mar. 22
City Sydney. . New. York via Panama. Mar. 2.1
Centennial... J Seattle & Tacoma JMar. 25
TO SAII^.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.l Pier.
March 15. |
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 2 pm|Pler 20
March 16. j
G. Iilndauer Grays Harbor 5 pm|Pier 10
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. j S) am|Pler 1L
City Pucbla) Puget Sound Ports. |ll am Pier 0
March 17. |
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd|12 m Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt 1 1 :30 p Pier - 0
State of Cal San Dleso & Way.l 0 am Pier 11
March 18. j
C. Nelson.. Los Angcks Ports. |10 am Pipr 20
Mariposa... Tahiti direct |11 am Pier 7
Oregon Astoria & PortlandjU am Pier 24
March 19. i
San Juan...' N. Y. via Panama.|12 m Pier 40
1 March 20. |
Spokane Humboldt .*. |l:30pPJer - 0
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 2 pm Pier 2tt
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Bonlta.. ... Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
j Hatch 21.
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Newburg... Grays Harbor ..,. 4 pm Pier 10
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
March 23.
Jeanle.. ... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 20
March 23.
Siberia China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G. VT. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
March 24.
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way... 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier Seattle & Whateom 4 pm Pier 10
| March 25.
£ nub ' s Hamburg A Way.. 2 pm Pier 19
Xxevadan...! Hono. & Kahului. 11 am|Pler 7
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Dora Dutch Harbor v. VaMn Mar. 15
Santa Ana. ». . Valdez & Way. Ports.. Mar 1H
Dlrlgo... ..... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. "17
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. IS
J. ' Dollar. .... Valdez & Seward Mar"'n
Alkl Skaisway & W«y Ports. Mar. 20
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar "2
, City of Seattle Skagway & Way Ports. Mar 23
Farallon.... .- Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 20
Dunn's Appointment Satisfactory.
! PHOENIX, Ariz., March 14.—Re
i ports from all parts of the Territory
i quote leading Republicans as express
i ing great satisfaction with the pro-
I posed appointment of Colonel George
I W. Dunn, chairman of the New York
, State Republican Committee, to be
• Secretary- of the Territory. The ap
! pointment of Colonel Dunn is gratify-.
| ing not only on account of his promi
i nence in the councils of his party, but
I because it puts an end to the long con
,'test in this Territory.
Fr bark Bonchamp, Label. Cork, J. J. Moore I
& Co.
Br bark Iredale. Fearer, IpswJch. G. W. !
McNcor. ;
Bark Amy Turner, Warland, Hilo, Welch i
& Co.
Bark Carondelet. Doyle, Prince Williams j
Sound, Alaaka Packers" Association. •
SAILED. |
Monday, March 14. !
Nor stmr Tellus. Arntzen. Lariysmith.
Stmr Spokane, Nopander. Eureka.
Stmr AV hlttier, Nielsen. Redondo.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. Greenwood.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
tfchr Fortuna, Olsen. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT 1X>BOS. March 14, 10 p. m. — Weather
cloudy; wind SW.; velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. •
TATOOSH— Passed out Mar 14 — Stmr Jamet j
Dollar, for Valdex; stmr Montara; for San
Francisco; ecbr Susie M. Plummer, for San |
Pedro. '
Passed in Mar 14— Schr G. W.- Watson, hence
Mar 4, for Pert Townsend.
Passed out Mar 14 — Schr Orient, for San
Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Mar 14 — Br bark
Mozambique, for Valparaiso. *
Arrived Mar 14 — Bktn Jane L. Stanford, from !
Honolulu. j
Arrived Br ship Clan Mackenzie, from Ant- ;
'
SAN" PEDRO— Sailed Mar 13— Schr Sausa- !
lito. for "Irais Harbor. j
Arrived Mar 14 — Schr Taurus, from Ta- j
coma.
BAN1*ON — Arrived Mar 14 — Stmr Elizabeth,
hence Mar 12.
Sailed Mar 14— Schrs Onward and Western
Home, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Mar 11— Stmr Cxaxlna.
hence Mar 12.
Arrived Mar 14— Stmr Signal, hence Mar 12.
Arrived Mar 14— Stmr Alliance, from Ore
gron.
Arrived Mar 14 — Stmr Empire, hence Mar 12
Sailed Mar 14 — Stmr Arcata. Tor San Fran
cisco.
RE DON DO— Sailed Mar 14— Schr W. J. Pat
terson, for Grays Harbor.
ASTORIA— Sailed Mar 14— Br stmr Indra
velli, for Hongkong; schr Laura Madsen, for
San Francisco; Br ship Red Rock, for Queens
town.
Arrived Mar 14 — Bktn James Tuft, from
Honolulu; schr Zampa, hence Mar 8.
PORT HAD1-OCK- Sailed Mar It— Schr
Oceania Vance, for San Diego.
POUT GAMBLE— Sailed Mar 14— Schr Ban-
Bor, for Redondo.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Mar It— Schr Volun
teer, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived , Mar 14— Schr Beu
lah. from Umpqua; schr Bertha Dolbeer, from
Eureka; «tmr Bonita. hence Mar 12.
Sailed Mar 14 — Schr Lottie Bennett, for Port
Townsend; stmrs Coqulile River, Alcazar and
Bontta, for San Francisco.. •
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Mar 14— Bktn
Wrestler, for San Francisco; schr* Fred E.
Sander and Glen, for San Francisco; schr Fred
J. Wood, for Guaymas.
Arrived Mar 14 — S«-hr Roy Somers, hence
Mar 2: ntmr Centralia. hence Mar 11.
SEATTLE — Sailed Mar 14 — Stmr Umatilla.
for Sr.n Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Mar 12-rStmr Pomona,
hence Mar 11.
Sailed Mar 12— Stmr San Gabriel, for San
Pedro; stmr North Fork and schr Ida McKay,
for San Francisco.
. ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA — Arrived Mar 8 — Ger- stmr Tibe
rius, frcm New York.
HONOLULU — Sailed Mar 14— U S stmr Sol
ace, tor San Francisco; schr Americana, for
Pucet Sound. \
EASTERN PORTS. J i "-
NEW YORK— Sailed Mar 1^— Br itmr Tul-
Ius. for Manila.
BOSTON — Arrived Mar 12 — Br stmr I»\t
ther Castle, from Yokohama. \
FOREIGN PORTS.
IPSWICH — Arrived Mar 11— Fr bark
Amlral Courbet, hence Oct 13.
TALTAL— Arrvied Mar 11— Br ship port
Stanley, fron; Chemainus.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Feb 24— Ger stmr
Abydos. for Hamburg.
QCTEENSTOWN— Arrived Mar 13— Fr bark
La Rochejaquelin. hence Oct 31
LIVERPOOL- Arrived Mar 14 — Br shin
Loch TorrlJon. hence Nov 8; Br shin Howth
hence Oct 12 '
MAZATLAN— Sailed Mar 11— Stmr Colon
for San Francisco.
• LEITH— Sailed Mar 12-Ger bark Primus,
for Honolulu.
SAN BENITO— Sailed Mar 1&-Gcr stmr
Amaslo. tor San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Mar 14 — Stmr Senator
hence Mar 11.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GENOA — Arrived Mar 12— Stmr Prince Os
car, from New York.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Mar 14— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburg, for New York.
BOULOGNE— Sailed. Mar 14— Stmr Staten
dam, from Rotterdam. • for New -York.
. ROTTERDAM— Arrived Mar 12— Stmr Slot
erdyke. from New York.
! LI VERPOOL— Arrived Mar 14— Stmr Ar
menian, from New York.
., ¦ ? ¦
The winter temperature of the New
York subway is 40 degrees when the
thermometer above It shows zero, and
in the hottest weather of summer the
t*»mi>eiature of the subway is about 6S
degrees. •
Further details supplied yesterday by
the officers of the steamship City of
Puebla have added greatly to the
anxiety felt for the safety of the ship
William H. Macy, sighted by the
steamer on Friday afternoon in lati
tude 44.19 north, longitude 124.50 west.
Captain Jepsen kept the City of Puebla
within an eighth of. a mile of the Macy
for a considerable time and was pre
pared either to take the ship in tow
or to take the sailing vessel's company
on board his steamer.
Although no assistance was asked,
there is little doubt that the plight, of
the Macy was extremely serious. Most
of her sails had been blown away and
the remains, fluttering in ragged rib
bons, paid tribute to the overpowering
force of the wind. The Macy's run
ning gear was trailing over the side in
tangled disorder. The vessel's cargo
had evidently shifted, for she was
listed to starboard, lying almost on
her beam ends. That she was leaking
is also certain, for both windmill and
donkey engine were in full commission
pumping water from the hold". Those
on the Puebla's bridge saw only two
people on the Mary's deck. One was
the man at the wheel. The other was
hanging on aft and was apparently an
officer. Of the sailing^ vessel's boats
there were only two visible, one on
each side, forward.
The llacy's yards were trimmed on
the starboard tack except the fore and
fore lower topsail yards, on which sail
was still standing and which were
trimmed to port. *
The Macv left Oyster Harbor thir
teen days ago for this port. Captain
Grothe. her commander, is an able
navigator, well known here and . at
every port of any size on the Pacific.
The vessel is owned here by Eschen
& Minor and was built in 1883 at Rock
port, Me.
The weather prevailing at the time
the Puebla was in the Macy's com
pany is described by Captain Jepsen as
the worst he has ever experienced on
this coast.
Wycficld Has Hard Trip.
The British steamer Wyefleld; due here
Saturday evening, did not reach port until
yesterday rimming, having been., delayed - by
the southeaster. thtouRh the full force of which
she had to drive her blunt bow. Captain Wat
son, the collier's oommandfr, says that the
storm was th" worst Ho over experienced in
any water*. The velocity of the wind he cal
culate* at moro than eighty miles an hour, and
during the worst of the storm the btp, .heavily
laden tramt> was burled under tons of tur
bulrnt sieen sea. The Wyefleld was five days
and twenty hours ooming from Isarcaimo and
brought 4t.00 tons of ooal.
TRAXSCOXTLXEXTAIj ROAD
VALUABLE CANADIAN ASSET
Xorth Ontario Member of Parliament
Pronounces Grand Trunk lane a
Great Addition to Empire.
OTTAWA, Ontario, March 14. —
George D. Grant of North Ontario, in
moving the address in reply to the
speech from the throne- in the House
to-day said that the building of a new
transcontinental railway was one of
the best assets that Canada could
make for the empire. Borden, leader
of the opposition, pointed out that all
reference to the joint High Commis
sion was omitted from the speech.
Sir Wilfrid Laurier in reply said that
Canada had decided not to again call
the joint High Commission. Canada
would make no more advances of any
kind to the United States. "Whatever
was done in that direction would have
to originate with the United States. If
the United States had anything to pro
pose Canada would listen to It. As to
the United States tariff, it fostered
combines and trusts and Canada could
not follow the example.
WAA'TS MORE MONEY
FOR NORTHERN HARBORS
Senator Fulton Proposes Amendment
Allowing Half Million for
Tillamook Bay.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 14. — A
Washington dispatch says that Sena
tor Fulton to-day proposed an amend
ment to the sundry civil bill appropri
ating $500,000 to continue the im
provement to the entrance to Tilla
mook Bay. $250,000 for work at Ta
quina Bay and $100,000 for improving
the mouth of the Siuslaw River.
Senator Mitchell offered an amend
ment appropriating: $18,000 to erect
an assembly hall at Chemawa Indian
school.
BEL,LJ2J?(3HAM, Wash., March 14.—
Superintendent J. J. Donovan of the
B. B. and, \B.C. Railway, returned home
to-day from San Francisco, where he
attended the ten-day session of the di
rectors o^iis road. Regarding the re
port that the Great Northern has pur
chased the B. B. and B. C. he denied
that such was the case. He refused to
answer the query as to whether it is
true that ; the Great Xorthern three
months ago had an option for its pur
chase and that a hurried trip which
he then made to New Tork was for the
purpose of preventing the sale. Dono
van says that his company approved
the plan for an extension of the road
across the mountains to Spokane and
the extension to Blaine, in this county.
Construction, however, will not begin
until after the question of whether or
not this State is to have a railroad
commission has been settled.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. March 14. — Experts are
at wo'rk on the books of the City
Treasurer's office to get definite fig
urea on the shortage of ex-Treasurer
McGeoghegan. As soon as they report
<*orne new developments are expected.
District Attorney Campbell has ad
vised Treasurer H. D. Mathews to
make a formal written demand upon
McGeoghegun for whatever public
moneys that should be in the treasury
and that have not been turned over
to him. This is believed to be a pre-
Uminary move to a prosecution
against McGeoghegan.
The friends of the ex-Treasurer are
still trying to raise the necessary
money to meet the defalcation, but it
is doubtful whether they can get the
cash. A private detective still accom
panies MeGeoghegan. The Grand
Jury is to be drawn on March 28, at
¦which time they meet and organize,
and it is said that the condition of the
treasury of the city will be taken up.
Superintendent States That
Company Approves Plan
of Extension to Spokane
Friends of Former Treasurer
Strive to Make Up Defalca
tion, but Without Success
QUESTIONS ARE EVADED
EXPERTS ARE AT WORK
Although Sailing Vessel Refused Assistance, People on
the Steamship Say Pumps Were Working as Hard
as Windmill and Donkey Engine Could Operate Them
J. J. Donovan Denies That
the Great Northern Has
Bought the B. B.and B. C.
Authorities Will Probably
Make Demand for Funds
the Basis of Prosecution
OAKLAND. March 14. — One of the season's
jirettleet social evenU was the progressive
lur.ebeon given by Mrs. James A. Johnson last
Saturday In honor of Mis* Geraldine Scup
htra and Miss Edith Larkejr. Five tables wer«
set. each beautifully decorated with yellow
daffodils. The place cards were in the form
o' bock markers, a cluster of daffodils bet:;g
etched on each card.
A delicious menu was served and at th«
conclusion of the luncheon the cuesU amused
themselves for a siwrt while with rariou*
¦. t-nJ games.
Among those that partook of Mrs. Johnson's
delightful hoejiltsilty were Atlases Geraidlns
end XUizabeth Scupham. Misses Udlth and Ida
l^rkey. Mrs( C. W. Klnsey. Mrs. J. R. Soup
ham. Mrs. Murray Johnson, ilrc. Playter.
Mrs. J. S.. Ames of Portland. Miss Mary
Keaton, Mrs. Florence Wells. Mrs. ltank
Miller. Mrs. F- A. Webster. Mrs. Lowell
l!trdr. Mrs. Charles Higbxon. Mrs. Frank
JJurd, Mrs. Haxtwell Miller. Mrs. Raymond
broiiks. Mrs. 1* Porter and Mrs. George M.
Shaw.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. J. 3. Ames of Portland, who
are vifitins th« F. A. Webstera of this city.
vrere honored guests at a dinner given last
Krl<iRy evening by Mrs. Florence Wells. Tfi*
hostess' beaxtirul new home on Vernon
Heights was artistically decorated with spring
b'<Moms, the dlnice-room being especially at
tracti\e. A profusion of yellow Jonquils
adenwd the table and the name cards bore
dainty sketches of the same flowers.
Covers were laid for Mr. and Mrs. Ames,
Mr. suid Mrs. F. A. Webster. Dr. and Mrs.
Murray Jchnson. Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Hurd.
Mr. and Mrs. T. T. Miller. Mr. and Mrs. L.
<}. Burpee. Mrs. Pollltiar, Mrs. Chapmwn.
Miss Fay Charm an. Mr. Donald and Mrs.
Wells.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Bassford entertained a
few friends Informally Saturday evening, sev
tni tsrifs of whist and a G«rman supper
e*rvinfz to pass the time most enjoyably. 1?ie
supDer table \r»ts very prettily decorated with
pink carnatJor.3.
Mr- and Mrs. Hassfcrd's guests were Mr.
er.d Mrs. Jaraes Ellison. Miss Hemeltonburg,
Mrs. Pe Oualrus. Mr. Hexneitcabur? and F.
Bennett.
To-tuorrt>w a/ternxm Mrs. Baasfcrd will en
tertain & whist club of which she Is a mem
ber.
• • •
?£2sr<*s May and Katberine Judsoc have
rl»*fln*(i an lr.fcrmsl card party In henor of
M!f« IWsie Yard, ¦who is soon to wrd Chapel
.Tudycr.. Th«> card party will be one of to
mrrroTi"? event*, and about forty guests will
r>y five hundred.
• • •
Trie I>unrovon Wh!rt Club met to-day nt the
hon-iC cf Mrs. LeBarron Smith, on Vernon
Heights. The club is namod after th* Scotch
word, "Dunrovon." tseanir.g good luck and
welcome. '>.;u!! --j=ti'-"nE are always given as
pri zes. t •
• • •
Mrs .Clarence Gray is quite 111 with appendl
riti» and Is at Fablola Hospital.
• • •
The maniac* of James Ddgar Beard o?
Nspa to Miss Mabel Ot>well of this city was
eclrmrnzed Saturday evening at the First Con-
CT^Kational Church parlors, the Rev. Charles
Tt. Brown officiating. The event was observed
n* a q-jlet family affair, and only the relatives
of the bride and bridegroom attended. After
ifae wedding Mr. and Mrs. Beard departed for
Po-jthern California.
Mr*. Beard is the daughter of Mrs. M. H.
Avrrj- of this city and a sister to Court Com
missioner Clarfnc? Crowell. Fhe attended the
L'nltgiatUr of California a»d is hiehly accom
l^tabed as a musician and cf charming per
sonality.
Mr. Bwd was graduated from the Univer
sity of California in ISSS. He is a member
¦ >' the mercantile firm of Thompson. Beard k
9-nnt. of Nar>a. one of the largest firms in the
interior of California. The family are pioneers
and occupy a prominent place in the social
ani commercial activities of Napa Valley.
«"»n their return from Southern California Mr.
urd Mrs. Beard will reside at Naoa. where a
bean* awaits ihe comine of th«> couple. They
*ir <<?ct to reach home ahout April ir>.
• • •
KERKELEY. March 14.— Samuel P. Dodson.
deputy organizer of the Woodmen of the
">Vnrld. w 6s inarrle'1 this afternoon to l!i?s
Vtrcia ramrl«!!. The c»remony was i*t
formfd by the Rrv. C. K. Jenncss. paster of the
Trinity Mettodist Episcopal Church. Miss
Msrc^r^t Stevenson sctcd as maid of honor,
wK!e Miss Edna Morrow was bridesmaid. Dr.
J. Furve? acted as best man.
• • •
AUMEDA. Match 14— Miss Anne IxjuIbo
*>aniejl.«. the talented young mezzo-soprano.
'•ho will Boon return to Europe to resume her
irusical FtudioF. will jrive a farewell s ntt re
r tal in I-afayette Hall next Thursday night
¦JTider the patronage r.f Council No. 51 of the
Young Ladles' Institute, lr. kecpir.£ with the
• -¦caeion. St. Patrick's night, the hall
tiotm «ill be in emerald. Many invitations,
r^lnieii on marine srref n paper, have bten »;'nt
cut by the young ladies who have arranged for
the recital. Augurt HInrich", the violinist,
assist in the programme.
Acting as ushers will b« the following youns
ladies: Miss Nellie Hlckey. Miss Sophie
Coordt. Miss Margaret Cleaves. Miss Etta
.-.'¦.-.:¦:¦ Mis« Margaret Considine and Miss Ma
Klein. The officer* of «'ouncil 51 are: Past
President. Mrs. C H. Fairchild; first presi
dent. M"iss Julia Halton; first vice president.
Mrs. A. G. Bussenius: second vice president.
Hi*): Katherine Manxn: rfvarding secretar>',
Mi*p Alice Jj^clerc; financial secretary. ~&Iiss
Nrllie Hlckey: trt-a^urer. Miss Ida Klein; mar
fha]. Miss Mary Ijougherty: inside sentinel,
M:ss Sophie Coordt; outside sentinel. Miss
Margaret Con.*i<Jine.
• • •
Dr. William lynyd Kriedman has returned
from Europe, where he went a year ago to
::.--.;.- an advanced course in medicine In the
• r|jfge» and hospitals of England and Austria.
He was accompanied home by William Mc-
Laughlin of this city, who toured Europe.
• • •
>*is* Kthol Fleming will lecture »>efore the
music fylioK of tlie Adelniian Club to-mor
mw morning «t H» o'clock on I-^douard Schutt.
S! •- will illustrate her address by playing scv
tsI compositions l>y Schutt. Mi.ss Grare
KcCtcWer. Miss Floren-.-e Jenkins Trost arid J.
A. Ham'.in will assist in the programme.
• • •
M"mbtrr of th'- Alameda Hiding Club gave
Pn English hunt breakfatL at the hotel at
l.eora Heights yesterday. Thirty-five riders
from this city participated )n the feast.
Among them were M)..- Oollie Tarjx>y. Mr. and
Mr*. C. 1. Tildcji Miss Hilda Van Bidden,
j;ist Jean Tyson. Mrs. Oliver C. Haslctt, Mrs.
<J. II. Tyson. Mrs. I>cwis Miss Russell,
Mis* Gladys Emmon?, Miss lone Conner. l>ex
Hauin. Carlton Wall. H. M. I^andsbcrgcr tile
Misses Tildrn, Miss Nita Mecartney. Miss
Ixjop. n. A. Clark. Sumner Crosby William
fflwilTI. Henry Knitter. W. J. Woodside. O. C.
Haslett. <i. H. Tyeon. Dr. James Rlack.
Jamrs Tyson, Herbert R. Rrown. Fred B.
Haisht.
M'GEOGHEGAN
NOT YET FREE
CITY OF PUEBLA'S OFFICERS THINK
THE WILLIAM H. MACY WAS LEAKING
SAYS RAILROAD
IS NOT SOLD
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^; TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1901.
14
STltTTKIMXG . AXD STAilMERI.\G.
THE MELBOURNE SCHOOL, for the cure of
stuttering aad stammering, corner Van N<"«s
ave. and Market St.. S. F., has been estab-
lished In this city for 3 years and shall con-
tinue, for it is founded on true merit and has
the commendation of. reputable physicians
everywhere. It teaches a , superior system
and challenges results. * No wholesale class
work. -but 6 hours' individual teaching daily,
reducing nervous obstruction to speech and
leading to thorough control. Within "reach
of all.
ADVEBTISiaCENTa.
Positively cured hy these
Little Pills. ¦
! TLcy also relieve Distress from Dyspepsfi,
Indigestion aad Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Xausea, Drowsl-
a<»3, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated TcngrM
! Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
j Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable
Small PHI. Small Dose.
'^ Small Price.
Always Reaetnber the Full .Nam©
g axativ© j&ronio Qr^nrne
Cor€SaCoMinOneDay t Cnp in 2 Days
OCEAN TBAVEL. ,'.r '
® Steamers leave Broadway
wharves. Piers 9 and 11,
Ean Francisco.
For Ketchikaa. Wrang*!.
Juneau. Haines. Skis»ay,
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Mar.
1. 6. 11. 18. 21. 28. 31. Apr.
ft. Changs to company* n
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vaaeouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Dverett.* BeU
llngham— 11 a. m.. Mar. 1. «, 11, 18. 21. 26. 31.
Apr. 5. Change at Seattle- to this company's
steamers for Alaska, and O. N. Ry. ; at Seat:l»
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry,; at Vancouver to C.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pozsoba. 1:80
p. m . Mar. 0. 11. 17. 23. 29. Apr. 4* Spokan*.
1 :30 p. m.. Mar. 2. S, 14, 20. 2ft. Apr. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Aneelea and
Redondc). San Diego and Santa Barbara — 3aa-
ta Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. rn.
For Lcs Angeles (via Sao Pedro aad East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. M >n-
tcrey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (3i*a
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Mar. B, 18, 24. Apr. 1.
Bonlta. 9 a. ra.. Mar. 12. 20. 2S. Apr. 3.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jom del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Pas. 8anta Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. rn.. 7th each
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OFFICES — < New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market it. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market »i.
C. D. Dt'NASX, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St., will
cali for and check baggage from hotels aad
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMERICA!* LUTE.
Flymonth, — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New York. Saturdays at U:3O a. m.
| ZeelandMar.^C. U*:^ani INew York Apr. »
| St. Louis Apr. 2 i St. Paul Apr. Itf
ATLANTIC TSAITSFOBT I.I2TS.
1 2Tew Tork — Iicntlon Direct.
I Mfsaba Mar. UH. 9 a. m.
i Mlnnetonka Aj-r. 2. 7 a. m.
j Marquette Apr. S>. ft a_ m.
i Minnehaha Apr. 1«. »5 a. m.
Only first-class passenger* carried.
DOMKIO3- LINE.
Portland — Liverpool— Short sea passage.
I Kensington ...Mar. 2tf iSoutbwark Apr. !»
{Dominion ......ADr. 2lCanada. ...... .Apr. 10
! HOLLA!TI}-A3I£BICA LINE.
I N<>1» Twin-Screw Sttamers of '.-.:.<-¦ Tons.
| Now York — Botterdaxn. Via Boalonie.
: Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. rn.
I Xoordam Mar. !Ei| Potsdam Apr. S
I Statendam Mar. 29!Rotterdam Apr. 12
BSD STAB LINE.
! New York — Antwerp— P*rii.
; From N'ew York Saturdays at lo:^O a. m.
Zpeland Mar. 2'JIVaderland Apr. ft
Finland Apr. 2lKroonlanO Apr. 16
; WHITE STAJS JsTXTB.
Wew Tork — Qnaenitowa — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
C*drlc.Mar. 23. 9 a. m.lTeutonlc. Apr. 13, 10a.m.
Maestlc..Mar.30,10a^m. lOltic.Apr. 15. 5 p. m.
Oc*antc..Apr.6,l0a.m. ICe.irlc.Apr.20. S a. m.
Boston — Qneenstown— Liverpool.
Cymric Apr. St, May Vj. June l«
Republic (new) Apr. 30. June 0. July T
Oretic May 5. June 2
i BOSTON MEDITECEAHEAN SESVXCK.
Azores. Gibraltar. Naples, Oenoa.
REPUBLIC (new) Mar. 'J«
I ROMANIC Apr. 9, May U. June 1«»
CANOPIO \pr. 23, Mav Z*. July 2
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
£1 I'cst St.. San Francisco.
|^f>\roIERS. MARSEILLES." Cf NOA^^ fj
fea NAPVfcS & ALEXANDRIA.
REPUBLIC ' »new) Mar. 2fi
ROMANIC Apr. 0. May 14. June 19
CASOPIi: Apr. 23. May 28, July 2
<S*nd for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
Thesf strangers are the largest in the
Mediterranean service.
Fir3t class, $63 upward.
BOStOn tO LiYerpOOl Qn.enlrUn
CRETIC Mar. 31. May 5. June '£
CYMRIC Apr. 21. May U>. June \H
REPirBLIC (aowK.Apr. .10. June 9. July 7
First class. $CO and 65 upward, aecord-
lns to steamer. For dans. etc.. address
C. t>. TAYLOR. 21 Post St., Passenger
Agent Pacific Coast.
J$amburg-Jkmerican.
Bl-wecXly Twin Screw Service.
ror Plymouth. Cherbonrsr, Eaonburi.
THE OF.EAT OCEAN FLYES.
S. S. Deutschland
6S6V3 ft.-lons— 23^ knots average spe»d.
Sails Apr. 7. Mav 12. June 9. July 7.
Pretoria Mar. 12 Pennsylvania ..Apt. 2
TValdersee Mar. 19 'Dentschland ..Apl. 7
t*Eluecher Mar. 24 Patricia Apt. 9
t*Mo!tke Mar. SllBelsravia Apl. 16
•Grill room and tgymnaslum en board.
HAMBTJEG-AMEEICAN LINE.
Offices. 35 and 37 Broadway. New Tork.
HERZOO & CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
O. /?. & N. CO.
OREGON sails March IS. 28. April 7. 17. 27.
; May 7 and 17. GEO. XV. ELDER sails March
13. 23. April 2. 12. 22. May 2 and 12. Only
stramsbip line to PORTLAND. OR., and nhon
, rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through rickets to all uolnts. 8teamer
i tickets include berth and meals. Steamer sails
¦ foot of So«ar st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
: Gen. AKt. Pau. Dept.. 1 Mnniomery st.^ c.
1 CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent Freight Dept.. :*
Montsromery >t.
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Mch. IS. 11 a. m
g S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thur.. March 24. 2 p. rn.
g. S. AUMEDA, for Honolulu, Apr. 2. U a m
U.S?S£«El3iSJ33.61,Xfit3..rih!0nto,!43Sil33a
WtttCfflo.U3 Baitrt JUfkr b. 7.Faaf5ell
COXPAOSIB GEKEKALE XaAWJATLAKTIQjB.
D1UECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ._
Sailing every Thursday Instead of jj^a
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. --i^iWe"
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AN*>
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZ1 A CO.. Pacific Ccwut
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and •VaUeJo^Steameri.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. tn., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m... except Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 a. m.. 8:U0 p. m. Leave Valleji
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a.'m., 4:15 p. rn. Far*. SO cents. Tel
I Main 15CS. Pter 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
1 BROS.DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale. rates from slauebterers to dealers
aro a* follows: - -
BEEF— 7©Sc for Steers :• and C^©7c per lb
for Cows. .. / : .
VEAIy— Large,: S©8^c: small, 8«Oo per lb.
MUTTON-r-Wethere. »Hei««: Ewe«. 0S»»4o
per lb. . ,, ¦ •¦¦¦¦,•
LAMB— Yearling*. 1 * lie; Spring,' 16c.
PORK— rDressed ¦ Hogs, 7<S8Ve per lb. • .-, •
. „ . LIVESTOCK . MARKET.
¦ The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In Pan Francisco. less 50
per -cont • shrinkage: for Cattle:. -.
¦ CATTLE— Steers. Sg'Oc: Cow* and Heifers.
"©Sc^thiniCows, mffle-perlb.- ¦•
CALVES— +8)4^0 per lb (gross weight).
. SHEEP— Wethers. 4%®3c; Ewes. 4HO4%o
per lb <srra«s- weight), i . ' " ¦ - .. .
: LAMBS— 5!a««ic per lb.
: HOUS— Live Hogs. 140; to 200 lbs. S^c:
-.'.'¦'¦'¦ V " " !»'•:¦ '.,¦¦'-'¦¦''¦
M cat Market.
. HIDES AND SKINS— Culls end brands setl
about male undfr quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, O^ic: medium. 8>Ae: light, 7%c: Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 7%c for lltrht; Stairs.
<lc; Salted Kir., nc: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie: dry Hides, l^Qlfic: dry Kip.' 13*: dry
Calf; ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings, 2r.fl.10c each 1 :
short Vv'ool, 40<gcrK" each; m*dlum, 70ffJ>0c: long
Wool, $1 SI SO: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2ff2 50 for medium. |1 2301 75 for
nrpnll and 5vc for Colt*. Horse Hides. • dry.
$1 75 for large nnd $1 50 for medium. $1©1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican.'' Sic. dry salted Mexican. 23c: dry
Central American. 31e. Goat Skin* — Prime An
irorns. 7."e: lnrgc anil smooth. 00c; medium,
r.5c: smaK. 20c.
TALLOW— No.' I rendered. 4M34^cper lb;
Nfl. 2. n>i«Hr: creasn. 2%«y"c. -
\VOOI>-»-Fal' clip— P*n Joonwln Lambs'. 9^
lie: Middle County. ll«12c: Northern de>ot-
Ive, I'fZlOc: Nevada. lS'Slue: Oregon, fine, IS}}
10c: Ore»on. rriedlum, 17e per lb.
.HOPS — "SanOc "per lb" Tor' California. 1903.
¦nrt 20« for crop of 1004. Sales of 1901 Oregons
and \Vasluneton9 at 15fi?17c.-
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CHICAGO, .March. 14,r-Cash quotations were
as follov.-s: Flour. - quiet . and steady;. No. 3
spring- wheat, S2#«7e; No.' 2 red, 04@00c; No.
1! corn, 51*4c; Xo. S yellow, -52 lie; -No. i oats
Si)*i®40»<ie; No. . 2 - white, 41@43c; No. 2 rye,
70I40: cood.feedinff barley, 3<l@39c; - fair to
cholco maltine. 45©55c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 10;
No. 1 • Northwestern, SI 16; prime' timothy
6eed, f3 10; mess pork, per, bbl,' fliffH lSyj;
Cash Grain and Provisions.
- CHICAGO. March 14.— Owing to conflicting
report? as to the condition of the growing
plant the wliole mar!:ot ruled nervous. Then?
was heavy ctllin/? on all advance?. On a report
<jf unow In Kansas, the oi-erilng was vi - o.ik.
with pit trader* «lfcliled]y bearish. Oflicinl
advices failed . to confirm »hr> re;--ort and the
bull* wtH apparently onccuracrd by this Btaiu
of affair*. *n Improved demand bcir.R «oon in
f-vidcnc«-. With com ehovInR considerable
wcahr.csF. offerings of wheat again became
liberal, resulting in another setback of pr|cen.
A ' decreased • visible supply -caused renewed
buying later In the day. The close was firm,
with May at '.»GT»c ainl July at Ul'&tfMSii:.
Under the influence of the weak wheat mar
ket there was an caaier tone in corn. May
closed \'.ic lower at M'Aa and July desert a
t-ha<li? higher at ClTj^Jl /ic.
Heavy *eillnsr of May oats 'by some 'of thp
larger commission houses wan renponslbl*! for
a week market in the oats pit. Th<> ' cloiwt
was easry." with May nt 41',^c and July "at
3flUe.
.There wan a good trade in provisions. Thd
market showed rome lirmncss early, but <v-eak
cned later on renllEinjc tales. May pork closed
Zi'AH lower, lard down 12'^c and rlb» 7}jc
lowtr.
The leading futures ranpod as follows:
Articles — Oyen. High. J^ow. Close.
Wbe&t No. 2 —
May 0S*i OTH • 05 • V)9'L
Jlilj'i old l»^% 03% SI2% ,^0314
July, new Ul% »2Vi .90% 81%
September, old. 87 K8 ' «fisn fffy^
Stpteniber, n«w &% 80% S5Vi ga»'t
Corn No. 2—r , .
May .... MV4 M% Ki% 63%
July :•-.. M% H'i% ' ftM4 51%
September ..... 60% ¦ 51 % K>Va . 5O5fc
Oats No. 2— - ¦ ,
May.? .. <1% 41*;- -41 41%
July 3»H SOVi 39 39«
September 33*4 34^ 33%. 33 R;
Mess Pork, ptr bbl™. . .
May 14 10 U 27Vi 14 00 14 f)fu
July :Y..U SStt.UTOH U 20 14 21%
IjktH. d<t 100 lb«—
May... 7 *m '37% 7 25 7'25
July ....... 7 SO 756 T42'4-7 42«A
Short Ribs, per 10O lb* — .
May 7 3^ 7 40 .7 25 7 27U
July ........... 7 42*4 7 60 1 87^ 7 37>J
Future Grain and Provision*.
. ¦ --• »
Albert Ring:, who was held up in his
father's grocery and saloon at Twenty
fifth and Mission streets on Friday
evening by three men, called at the
City Prison yesterday morning and
positively Identified Edward O'Brien
and George ' Redmond, alias George
Wilson, alias John Fay, as two of the
robbers. He swore to complaints be
fore'Police Judge Cabaniss* charging
them with . robbery and they were
later booked at the City Prison.
Al Smith, alias Reynolds, the other
of the trio, was chased and captured
at the time and his preliminary hear
ing ia now pending before Judge Ca
baniss. \
Redmond 'is said to have been the
moving spirit in the robbery. He has
a criminal record. As John Fay he
M'as sentenced to serve three months
In the County Jail on August 3, 1901,
and as George Wilson he was sen
tenced In Los Angeles on April 24.
1903, to serve one year in San Quentin
for petty larceny, Becond offense.
O'Brien's mother was at police head
quarters yesterday and aaid she could
prove that he was at home at the
time of the robbery.
Edward O'Brien and Georjre Redmond
Positively Identifietl In City Prison
by Albert Ring.
TWO MOKE YO17TIIS ARE
ACCUSED OF BURGLARY
XETT YORK. March 14.— The long exnf>cte4
t- • j t i' n ia the Northern Hecuritlea case caused
m. icverivh , uiock mat Vet. to-day. Th*? fluctua
tions were conrtatt and Irregular and the tone
•f business was much increased ov'er the re
r*ntly preiaiilng daily avei-a.ge. Tb« action
«'f il> market teems to frhow that there was
SF> rreat s^ecalatJve account open on the de-
New York Stock Market.
Bar silver — 57c.
Mexican dollar* — t5c.
Uonds — Government, steady; railroad, irregii-
STEW TOUK. March 14 — CIom: Mon»r oa
call— Steady. [VC2 per cent; closing bi<l i-*
per cent : cfferM. 2 per <-e«u.
Time loans — St»*dj-; sixty. tey«. 3 per o«nt
ninety flayE, SCi.'JU. per cer.t; sis months, S<A^i
l>»-r cent. " "
Pr!m»^ rccrcant;> paprr— 4'.{.*?ri p?r ceaL
tUtrling *xchar.Kc — Ktrarty at *dv«nri» with
•Ctnsl turir.ejw in )«r.hrrs > bills tt $i sijSfw*
jU6G& for <1«-rt;anJ, ami et S*.'-:jiiE? > '<..SKi5 fr,V
sixty ti. \ :..:.>.
Postrd rat*!'-JtM>.'.O!STlj.
Ccniniprc'ijil hills— f4 «5i.
Nezv York Money Market.
EASTEKX MARKETS. |
, — #
Xew York and London Stock
Lists.
The Wan J=tre«t Journal says that there are
about 1800 d:JIer«nt^5ecuritie» admitted to deal
ing* on tlie New York Stock Exchange In the
Ucted aud urJisted department, whose total i^ir
vaJue is in excess of 118.000,000,000. The Lon
don Stock Exchange deals in about 4000 dif
ferent eecurttiea, having a par value of fully
, $35,000,000,000. The Paris Bourse has a list
at a.bout 600 securities, the nominal value of
wfcScb i» not given.
London, Paris & American Bank.
At the annual meetlnc of the ehareholdert of
the Loadoa, Paris and American Bank (Ltd.)
la Loaflon oa March 10 the directors submitted
? -t'.tac» sheet and statement of accounts for the
y—X «n6«4 IVrtxtxr 31. 1SOS.
Th* froM profits for the r«ar. after making
provisloa for ail bad and doubtful debts,
aaocsted to £C5,9eS; ex;^r.ses of raanagemeat
uaocsted to £39,C22. leartcg a profit of £29,
*45. against £40,€03 for the pr«-ious year. "The
net profit of £29,445. together with £9144, bal
ance brought forward December 13. 15*02. made
£3&,S»0 available for distribution for the year.
In September. 1903. en Interim dividend of 4
per cer.i absorbed £16,000 and a second divi
dend of 4 per cect, or £16,000. was declared at
the ceetlnc, a&klr.g 8 per cent for the year,
the two dividend* accounting fcr £32.000. leav-
Cr £C"vO to b« carried forward to new account.
Aiexahder WeM and Max RosenhaJn were re
klected directors.
• Lumber Shipments in February.
Th« efclpaerts of Lumber from Ean Fran
cisco r.ur.r.g the xscntb of February were as
follows :
To — Feet. Values.
Australia 3.&1S.606 $135,140
Mexico 436.559 S.1«U
w Central Aaierlcm .......... 54,637 1.C26
W Panama 37.02S 942
' Colombia 13.218 277
Peru S.560 2."'6
.lapaa 32,000 1,000
nTfw&iian Islands 101, S52 1.773
PMlirplne Islands l'.Mt.tiOO :« O/O
T8h::i S2.1R2 1.2«t6
?a moan Islands fi.Kn> at*)
:.'••!%.-.* Islands 1.004 ¦ 26
British Columbia l.!»OS 48
Totals 4,734,174 $1.%3.7SS
Punaage —
Gr^at Britain 25. COO 375
Australia 16,000 250
Grand Totals 4.775.174 $154.41."»
In February. 1902, the total exr>orts. in
cluding the <iunnaKC. shipped on the grain fleet
were 82O.3H2 feel, valued at JM8.470. The
dunnage shipmtiits' in that north were 152.."!<iO
feet, valued at f2*£5.
Weather Report.
a20th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
PAN r&AStCXSOO. March 11—5 p. m.
The follomiriK are the w>ascnal raintftll* to
. date, as cemi>«red with those of same date
last Ftafcn, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season. eea«on.
Eureka O.4* - 40. »1
Red Uluir 0.42 24. m 2<t.7O
Hfccramento 'O.:^» l^.^S 12.94
San Franclfc^o O.C7 15.M 14. 2«
Fresno Tr. 4.52 fi.59
Independence o.tiO 1.7<5 1.K2
Pan Luis Obispo 0.00 I<».(i4 13. S3
*?'-* Angeles 0.00 4.J45 10. « 2
P--.n Diego 0.00 2.C2 M.72
THE COAST RECORD.
- K '¦£. "S « "3
1 ft ti % P I
BTATXONB. % «5 *s := ? ¦
? llll m
FaraJloa 29.J«S T,d . . KW Pt.Cldy .04
Mt Tamalpais.^fl.74 ."iO 40 W Pt.Cldy .«;d
Baker 29.74 40 S« SE cloudy .04
"*rscn S9.g« r^> 36 W It.cidy .03
Eureka 30. o2 51 .. N Cloudy .34
Fresno 30.00 hi 52 BE Cloudy Tr
FlagstaH 23. M 58 24 KW Cloudy ...
Pocitello 29. st 4*5 CS SE Cloudy Tr
fndepenience .S4.76 «« 42 S Cloudy ' '¦
. Lr.s Arse!e*..2a.«S «5S 4* KW Pt.CUy . ." .
N'orth Head..»*.&4 44 24 \V Pt.Cldy .43
Phoenix 2».« SO 44 W C'ear
Portland 23.l:<» 50 40 \\* Clear .76
Red Bluff M.*J2 til 45 SE P.ain ti
Roieburg 3C».O4 r.4 44 NW Pt.C'.dy .1»J
Pacrarnenio ..20.1W Mi M EE Cloudv a
Ea!t LaJce 2W.8« 54 -84 W Clcudy Tr"
fan Francisco. 20. 02 ; M 48 W Pt.Cldy .28
fan L. Obltpo.30.O4 C2 4(» K Cloudy
f*n L>lego 29. »« e« 48 W Cnear
Feattle ra.f-) :JS XG K Pt.Cldy .74
Fpokane -J8.72 44 SO fiW Clojdy 5*
ratoo»h 2S.R2 4« 3i". S\V R&In C»
«nlla Walls.. .2J».hO ss 40 SW Ctocdy .13
fc ".Mnr.emueca .29.7S 22 W Rain Tr
/'¦'¦im*. 2V.S2 74 <« W Clear . .*
Point Reyea. .29.05 £6 .. W . Pt.Cldy .0«
ITEATHEn COXDITTON-S AND GENERAL
The presnure Is'rlclnl' rapidly en the Oregon
coast ar.d th# diRturliance has moved rapidly
inland.
P.ain has fallen generally over Northern Cali
fornia, Nevada. Oregon an d Washington.
• Condition* are more fsvorafcle for fa'r
••eat her.
The ri\-ers in Nrnhern « alifornia will rise
«!o»ly. but not »o miirh gi «.atieipat»d. «"ooJ<t
weather win oh«-k the run off in the nioun-
Uins.
The follOTiirji: maximum wind velocities are
reported: < arson «:::>-. <{ mile*, frrm tho
rrrt: Winn»mucca, 38 mi;*v. vest; Nrtrth
fcead, 44 rriles. northwort;' Wal'a Walla "s
• tn'.Ie*. southeast, tnd Sacramento. ZH mile*
southeast.
The following are the r!v«?r read I rvirs : >Uri«
ville. I5.n. rising: JS«r. Joanuin P-ridKe 12 5 I
falllnr: R»-d BJuff. 38.2. r;>i:. E ; Facrsmeato t
£3.8. riFir.g; Tehatna. 13.3. ris'.r.p. " ' •
Faj-ecsFt made at San Kran-'lFco'for th'rty
hour* ending midr.ipht. ilarch 3.":
Northern CallJorr.ia — Clearing Tuesday
ct>lder: brltlc northwest winds,
fcouthern California — Cloudy. un»^ttlKi
weather T'j^.iay. pjtaiXAy light ri,n-n eTt - £ rrs h
pouthweet m;:. .-.
NeveiJa — Sno»- Tuesday; maph ccliier.
Saa F"ranrif«co and vicinity-— Clearing; cooler
TuewSay; fr*sa •.v*wter1*- ie\ziCr.
A. O. McADJiJ, JJittrlct Forecarter.
Gaa Con A- 10H 21 I Swiss- A Bk.113 —
Hono P Co.. 12k — Track Elect. — 13
Lon& SF Bk — 60 UR lnC pfd. 44H —
Mat Nav Co — 80 Do com ... 10U —
Mils Xat Bk.300 —
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— . Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 33
Apollo ..* 44 4(1
Associated Trust Cer...t r;
Aztec 73 itO
Caribou * 13
Central Point Com 63 ....
Chicago Crude 20 ....
Claremant SO ....
Esperanza 2 m)
Four ft>
Fulton 3 73
Giant 19 ....
Hanford 140 0O ....
Home 1 25
Independence IT ....
Kern 4 1)5 3 0U
Kern River h. 13 t«
Monarch (of Arizona) U ...t
Mont* Cristn : 73 ' y> 1 .
Occidental of W. Va la ....
Oil City Petroleum *4
Reed Crude 1 40 ....
Senator Bo ....
Sovereign 41 4«
Sterling 2 75 •
Superior 04 («
Thirty-Three...- 5 25 7 50
Toltec 13
Twenty-Eight 5 CO 5 73
West Shore 2 «O 2 75
Associated Bonds ss *i
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Imp I so 1 37^>
Cal. Shipping Co 18 CO
Chutes Company 7 50
Fischer's Theater 1 37H 1 «7^
Northern Cal Power 10i 4
United R R bds 79 7y**
SALE3.
Mornin; Session.
leoo Oil City Petroleum .34
; 137 Claremnnt 50
, 1000 Independence 17
; 500 Home 125
Afternoon Session.
«C0 Twenty-Eight * 3°
100 Abby Land 1 30
*
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia -...1 151 200 Savage 74
2CO Con C it Va.l 85! 200 Savage 73
1000 Con Imperial. C2 700 Sierra. Kw . . t54
10O Gould & Cur. 43 j
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 49! 40O Overman .... 23
200 Chollar 17| 800 Potosl 23
300 Con C & Va.l m 3ft» Savage 74=
200 Crown Point. 221 500 Scorpion «2
200 Gould & Cur. 421 700 Sierra Ner .. <K
300 Mexican 103! 2CO Union Con .. A3
ICO Ophir 4 65 SCO Union Con .. 6?
200 Ophir 4 70|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
10O Caledonia. .1 1THI MO Ophtr 4 7f>
300 Con C & V.I 82HI 1W> Ovhlr 4 75
16O Con C A Va.l mi' 10U Ophir 4 "V,
HO Con N Y O4I 5o Ophlr 4 CO
1C1» Crown Point. V- ICO Union Con .. R6
ii<0 Gould & Cur. 42 500 Utah 21
2U0 Oould & Cur. 4.1 2U0 Yellow Jacket 37
ICO Mexican 1 &>!
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 4Sj 2' 0 Mexican 100
2C0 Chollar 17| fiOO Ophir 4 fO
3UO Chollar 1S| 7CO Potoal '39
100 Con C & Va.l 8O| 200 Savage 73
200 Exchequer . . 16| .
TONOPAH MIXIXG EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2.-.CO MacNamara . 1SI 500 Rescue OH
200O MacNamara . 2lf24uO Ton Betmont.. K3
10O Mont Ton. .1 27 '_¦., ICO Ton Belmont. . »: t
700 Mont Ton ..1251 ICO Ton Exten .. 7<>
1000 Paymaster .. 11! SCO Ton Midway.. S3
Afternoon Session.
300 Evelyn S3j COO Ton Belmont.. *2
300 Evelyn 32! 200 Ton_ N Star.. 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. March 14^ — I p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha Ott C8| Justice 06 CS
Alta 07 OOlKentuck C2 M
Andes 45 501 Keyes Graea.. 35 —
Beicher 22 241 Lady Wash... 03 <rt
Best & Belch. 2 03 2 35i Mexican 1 OO 1 £1
Bullion 00 1C| Occidental ... *S 90
Caledonia .. .1 15 1 2O| Ophir 4 63 4 7.1
Challenge Con 35 37 Overman 23 v;
Chollar 19 2ri Potoat 2« 27
Confidence ...1 05 1 10 Savage 74 7*
Con C & Va.l 73 1 »»! Scorpion 02 C3
Con Imperial. 02 031 Seg Belcher ..10 12
Con NT.... ft-1 04i Sierra Nev ..63 65
Crown Point. 22 231 Silver Hill ..67 7O
Kast Sierra N 05 — I St Louis .... — 12
Eureka Con.. — 501 Syndicate .... 04 I S
Exchequer .. 14 l«!lnion Con .. W ST
Gould * Cur. 42 44 1 Utah ID 21
Hale & Norc. «H> 05; Yellow Jacket 35 37
Julia 03 03'
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I .*. .-. Bid.Ask.
Colehan — ISi Ray Exten .. — 14
Eoperanza ... — 01! Ray & ODrien — fO
Gipsy Queen. — ; .10 Rescue 07 r^
Gold Anchor. 2O I 25iTon Belmont.. 63 Cl
Gold M Con.. 04 — ITon * Cal... — in
Hannapah .. — 15' Ton Exten ..60 7»>
Hannapah M. — "."Ton Fraction. 10 43
MacNamara . 17 lS!Ton of Nev. 5 87 U 6 .*O
Mizpah Ex... 1" — !Ton X Star.. 32 Kl
Mont Ton..l 20 1 27 Vi I Ton Midway.. 39 *n
N Y Ton .. — fJ'Ton Superior.. — 13
Paymaster ... — 101 United Ton ..10 — .
There was no change In the situation either
here or In the West. Chicago was . slightly
lower.
CURED 1 MEATS— Barpn. I0 J ,ac per Ib fer
heavy, lie for light medium. 13c for light,
13y.c for extra light and 15c for *ugar-cured;
Enttfrn- augar-cured Ilain!». Vi^c: California
Hams, 12'Ac: Mess Beef. $10 50^11 per bbl;
extra M«ss. -$11 S0©12; Family. $12 ZOttVi;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. 424625:
Mess ?1S. Dry Salted Pork. 1G«4i011c: PI5
Pork. *27: Piss" Ftet. $3:. J-moked Beef. 14c
per lb. ¦¦ - •.
LARD — Tlreces quoted at f.%e per Ib for
compound nnd OV»c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
u Vic: 10 1b tins. 10c: 5-lb tins, lO^ic; 3-lb
tins. lOVic
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrel*, 0Y t o: one tierce, ll&c; two tierces.
0c; five tierces. 8%c per Ib.
Provisions.
1 HONEY*~Comb. I^Cll'XtC for white and «H
©aV^c for amber; water v.-hlte extracted S^
ft'lp; light amber extracted. 4HS4%c: dark.
' BEESWAX— 27$20c per lb.
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades, iXMb rases — 2
crown Loose Muacatels, 5Vic per lb;
:;-cfcwti. y&C; 4-<;rowp f rt'ic; Seedless Loose
Murcatela. 4V»c; ieedltss floated, 4%c; 2-crOYTO
Mclagi loose, ftc; o-crown Malaga loose. 5-}iic:
S-cdl<-.<» Sultanas, unbleached. 4'-jC: Seedlets
Thompsons, unbleached. 3V4c. Layers, per 20-
Ib box — li-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-erown
Dehesa clusters, S2 50* 4-crown fancy clusters.
*2: :»-crb\vn London Layers. $1 :»; 2-crown
Lotidon Layers, $1 25: usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers^ Seeded— Fancy ld-oz
carton*, per lb, 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. <:%c; fancy bulk cartons, per Ib. 7VjC;
choice 10-oz cartons, per lb. 7V.c; choice 12-oz
canons, per package. r.Vlc: choice hulk car
tons, oer lb. 7ViO; IC-oa cartons, itreded Seed-
Imn, MuFcatels. per Ib. 7c: 12-oz cartons,
sftded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb 5-->»c: bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per Ib. <>%c.
NUTS — Wnlnuts. No. 1 softshell. i:5U«l4c;
No. 2 HH®12c; No. 1 hardshell, V'.ntfU,c:
No. 2. liail^c: Almonds. lHtc for Nonpa
reils, tl^c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and O^-ic for Lansuedoc; Peanuts. U^7c for
Ea'tern: Pecans. Jl«n."c: Coi-oanuts. ?t 50«5.
FRUIT— Apricots. sV,8lO'.ic for Royals and
1'ljl-c tor Moorpark«; Evaporated Apples, Mi©
0*4c; »uti-dried, '•i%Qi i ,'*c; Peaches. 5i|7l4c:
pis-irs. >611lic; Nectarines, . r ii5j j>-.. c; Figs,
white. 3@H- in bcxes; black. 4>4c;' Plums, pit
ted. SBsx- per lb.
PRUNES— luoa crop. 2%©2?ic for the four
sizes.'
Dried Fruits.Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
Wheat and Other Grains. \
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were firm and !
Paris futures lower. I Carsoes. on passage to
Liverpool were firm, but not active. The world's
shipments for t'»e week were as follows. In
quarter*: Russian. 330,060; Danublan 5.'!,000-
Argentine, 278,900; I:id!nn, S2.000; Australian,
127,000. The American Visible supply decreased
1,2»'2,M.O bushels.
Chicago advanced, bot fell back. Wires
from there said that as snow has fallen gener
ally over Kansas. Nebraska and Missouri there
oUKht not U> be any more complaints of dry
\v«?ather from the Southwest, except -from the
exmme part. Minneauolls is talking of a big
Flour demand last Saturday, but the demand
there lately has been slow. ;
There was nothing new worthy of remark In
this markit, cither In cash grain or futures.
Two vuaselis were cleared for Europe yester- :
day with 77.1CC centals, valued at $iOU.lCO. ;
CASH WHEAT. ¦' :.
California Club. *l iOfjl 45: California
White Australiiiri. $1 St)^l 57Vi; Northern ¦
Club. $1 40f>l ll"^; Northern Iluestem. $1 50^
1 'CS per ctl.
FUTURES. . •
B/seion 0 to 11:.")Q a. m. . •{
Open. Hlph. Ix>w. Close. '
M*y .....:.. $1,4! $1 43?s • SI 4'5 $1 4:1% '¦
December . . . 1 :t8 1 SSli I S~% 1 .igi^
1 2 p. m. S?s»lon.
December — No sales. $1 3S*i bid. ?1 3$ T >»
askyd
BARLEY— The wefts opened with a higher
aud very hrm mark* t, with a number of bullish
riiir.urs tloating- in th>- air. such as the Japanese
demand, the May corner now being attempted,
light receipts, etc. Sales o: bright Feed at
$1 12Vj wore lepurted.
Th-> bark I rtdalc .cleared for England yester- 1
day with 43.U71 centals', valued at MO.COO.
CASH BARLEY.
Fretl $1 IC@1 12%:' Shipping and Brewing,
Jl'I.Vtfi \',\ii Chevalier, $1 u«yl 35 for fair to
choice. "
FUTURES.
Setslon 0 to 11: JO a, m.
Open. . High. Low. Close.
May $1 C3V4- $110 81 OS'i $110
December ... 1 01% . 1 01 >4 1 01 »i 1 0l',i 1
2 p. m. Scesion. i
Open. , - High, Low. Close. 1
May $1 1O',4 $1 HVi V K>U |I 11
December ... 1 02 1 02 1 02 1 02 ;
DATS— Continue quiet but steadily held at '
previous liricciF.
White.. $1 27ttQl-37%; Black. %\ 23©l 65;
Red. $) •IX.'ilX .i5: Gray. $1 32}4 per ctl.
CORN — Local handlers continue to quote a !
quUt market, with no further ahange In quota
tion).
Western ucked, $1 37U&1 40 for Yellow,
$1 «51/1 :J7«6 for White and $1 3D for Mixed;
California large yellow. $1 40(51 45; small
round, do. $1 45<31 50; White, »1 a7Vj@l 42'.4
iH-r cU- Kgyptian, (I 45<S1 50 for white and
»1 '-^ligi :.(l tor brown.
Ityi:— *! mill 32Vi per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75®2 per ctU
.... ... ; ¦
Flour and Millstiiffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $1 SO®
ft 10. usual terms; "Bakers' Kx'.ias. |4 7C@,%:
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $.1 S.V2fl 25 j
per bll. I
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as \
follow*: Graham Flour, $-1 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. W 2ft: ttye Meal. &',; Hice Flour,
f"; Corn Meal. 5:5 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Grcals, $i f)0; Hominy. ?t!6M 25; Buckwheat
Flour. «4 50^-4 75; Cracked Wheat. j:5 75; Fa
rina. $» .",0: Whole Whaat Flour, 93 50; Rolled
OaU. bbls. ?7 2503 »K); In sacks, $u 75©S ID;
Pearl Barley.- $«; Split Peas, boxes. |7; Green '
I'uav. $5 5U per 100 lbs. !
/7av and Feedstuff s. -
' ' ' t ' „ . :\- _t '.\ ' '*".¦.¦;- t '¦
The rain yesterday mornlnc checked trading
In Hay, ai;d tile Feedstuffs were also quiet and
unchanged. ? -
BRAN— $18-503x10 fiO per 'ton. -, '
MIDDLINGS— «27 8GQ2!) per ton.
SHORTS— SlJS.BV© 10 50 per ton.
FEEDStL'FFJj— Rolled Barley, $2;t C0©2i 30
per ton: Oilcake Mral at the mill. 420 So*?31;
Jobbing. S82: Cocoanut Cake. *22©23; . Corn
Meal. $29 Wff.W r>0: Cracked Com. .$30931:
Mixed Feed. *22©23: Horso Beans. $30@ .
40 per ton; IVoom Corn Feed, 00c per ctl.
¦"• HAY— Wheat; $ir.(pl7 CO; Wheat and ¦ Oat,
?15©17» Oat, $14 501? 1C: Wild Oat, $13&10;
Barley, $l.5«ai3; Stock, nominal— none here:
Alfalfa. $l£<gia 80. , •• •>.•*•"? ,-
STRAW— 5O@75c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Quotations for Beans' remain unchanged, but
th? ferllng.ls weak and the market i«<julet
Tha Mlchlran market continue^ .-, to • decline,
which opi rates against shipments of California
Beans to Eaitern points. -. . : •• •. ¦
BEANS— Bayos. $2 33ff2 M; Pea. $3: But
ters - 13; small • AVhlte. . $3S3 IB; large White.
$2 504/2 SO; Pink. .$3 20®3 35: ; Red, $4 75S6;
Lima. $3 30«:j 35; Red Kidneys, S4 OO^gS;
BtacUeye, $3 10&2 25 per. ctl ; Horse Beans. $20
2 50. ' • v ' • - ¦
SEEDSrwBrown : Mustard. S3 75#4; Yellow
Mustard $:t33 25; Flax. ?1 60®l DO; Canary.
fcliSVa^c for Easttrn; Alfalfa, 14^14^ c: Rape,
VA&2c; Timothy. 6®0%c; Hemp. 3UG3V4c per
Ibj . Millet. 3©3Wc; Broom Corn Seed. $20®21
.^DRIED PEA8— Blackcyer $3 25©2 CO per ctL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetable*.
' Trade Jn table : Potatoes was quiet, but re-'
ceipts were' light' and" both ¦ river nnd ; Oregon
Burbnnk* . were . firmly held at" Previous prices.
Small .Qrnron Burbanks, Early Rose and. Garnet
' . . ' , '
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — ft S4H
Sterling Exchange, sight .."..'...-. — 4 87>4
Sterling Exchange, cables .•„..;. — 4 ss^
New York Exchange, sight — 12V4
New Yorl; Exchange, telegraphic. ' — 15
Sliver. :ier ounce S7
Mexican Dollars, nominal ....... — 4tiV»
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Orange?. $1«?2
per box for fancy and 50bt;$l 25 for standard
to choice;. Tanscrines, 75d(&'$l 25 per bos:
Lemons. 51 ?5G* 00 for fancy, $1 25Q1 50 for
choice and 75cta*l for standard; Grape Fiuit,
?l i'502 50; Mexican Lime*. ?»i@6 :>0: Bananas.
5 Iff 2 per bunch for Hawaiian and SI ."«0a2 23
for Centra! American; Pineapples, $1 50Q2 50
per dozen.
Trade In Oranges was very quiet, as th*
rainy weather continued to exert a depressing
influence upon the market. Large lines of all
grades were available at easy llgures and some
dealers were offering liberal concessions to
buyers in order to reduce their stocks. Re
ceipt* were largt. aggregating 18 cars, 12 of
which wert; consigned to the auction company,
and the balance to various houses in the open 1
market. A fair amount of business was acne
In the auction rooms, but the prices obtained
were very low. Twelve cars. Including two of
extra fancy Redlands fruits, were sold, of the
two cars of Redlands, 20 boxes of Otis brought
$2 10 and K5 boxes brought $2. The balance o(
the two cars sold from $1 10 to $1 40. The
other ten cars sold as follows: Fancy. 70c<*
$1 25; choice. C5c4j$l 15; standard, :15®75c. Re
ceipts of standards are showing *isns of decay.
The other Citrus fruit* were without quotable
change.
Trnde In Ancles was fair and prices hail no
noteworthy ohange.
APPLES— $1 'ib'u'2 per box for extra fancy,
$1 25ffl 50 for -ordinary fancy. 85cjJ$l for
chMce and S.-it/tttic tor common. ,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits,
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
Wheat. ZX.XtC.UM) hiiFhels; decrease, 1.22(;.7<>O
t-uehelc. Corn, ».S'i7,00« bushels; Incrcnne,
71O.<KiO b'ushclM. kOktS, lV.tV4. 000 bosh«!s; in
crease. 71O.O<¥> busheU. Rye, 1,033.000 bushels;
increase, 1I<»,000 bushel*. Barley, 4,7X0,000
bufchcis; dcoreutc, :;oS,0(X> bushels.
NEW YORK. Maroh 14.— The visible supply
of grain Saturday, March 12, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, Is as fol
lows:
Visible Grain Supply
lion closed at 51a 3<1 in Glasgow anJ at 12»
Jlil in Middlesboro. Locally, iron wa» un
changed Xo. 1 foundry. Northern. *14 75(5
15 25; No. 2 foundry. Northern. 111. 25014 75;
No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry,
Southern, sgft, $1.1 fiC<514.
Copper was Irregular in London, with spot
2s Cd lower at £5.1 2s Cd. while futures ad
vanced 2s M to £30 2p Cd. Locally, copper
was unchanged. Lake 12.5C«i 12.75c; "electroly
tic and casting. 12..-I7»i«12.*;2^ic.
Lead was Steady In New York at 4.600 iXJic
and at £11 1^> Cd in London.
Spelter r.-as unchanged at 5jir5.1t)e on the
local exchange and at £22 In London.
NEW YORK. March 14.— Spot tin closed
unchanged at £120 17s (id in London, but
futures there declined 7s W to £128 15s and
the local market ruled quiet but a shade
easier at ?2S(g^S 25. «
Nczu York Metal Market
EVAPORATED APPLES— Continue to at
tract .1 g-jod dcmarul ami rule firm. Com
mon. 45i5 1 -»c: rrlme. 3%<55^c; choice, CGUVic;
fancy, 7f;7',ic.
PKUNE.S— Were easy in tone, although the
demand scorned to be fair. Quotations ranged
Ircm i'-'.c to U'jC.
APRICOTS— Are fiimjy held. Choice. 0\iQ
lvk": extra choice. 10' / J*ilW Ii -c: fancy, 10';. 1 ?? Vic.
PBACHKS — Aie,in light'eupply and demand
is rathi-r fair, wuh prices firmly held. Choice.
0H(g7Vjc; extra choice, 7 l Af?;%c: tanoy U\--V
l*Jc.
DRIliD FRUITS
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining. 2 1.1-1C
<iHc: centrifuK.Tl. 00 test, 3Hcj molasses sugar,
2%c: rertnof!. firm.
COFFKE— Ppct, stearly. Futures clcsed quiet,
10ftl5 |)Ofnts lower. Sale*, C4,r.00 bagc. Includ
ing:: M-iv, 5.."!"if;5.r!."c; July. 5.S5c; August. «!c;
September. o.Uit&H.Kk : December. CSOSJCiQc.
PETROLKl'M— t T n!-ettled
WHEAT — Receipts. 2S.C«X) bushels. Bpot.
firm; No. 2 red. $1 02 elevator: Xo. 2 red,
$104@10t) f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Du
luth. $1 0*34 f o. b. afloat. Options were
stron? all day. closinsr 1 *'-«j1c net advance.
May closed $1 Ol'i; July c!o«oJ 97"ic; Septem
ber. f-')\e
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES — Finn.
WOOL— Firm.
NEW YORK, March 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20.000 barrels. Firmer and held higher. Min
nesota patents, $3 15$i5 CO.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. March 14— Cotton futures
closed steady, 7 to 25 points lower.
New York Cotton Market
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. March 14— 9 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Aak.l Bid.Ask.
4s qr- coup.. 107^4 Its Hi-tJ V cp new.l32U —
4s qr rcs...lO7HlOStt;3» qr coup. .106^107
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — |O T Co 6s. — 119ft
Bay CPC 5».lCOTil02 | Do Sa lim;irju
fal'C G 5s. — lOtVil Do con 5s. 0»%102H
Cal G Sz E g I Oceanic S 5s. — 73
m & ct 0s. — 87^10111 Cable Cs.122 —
Cal-st C .'s.llU%117V»|Pac G Im 4s. — 95
C C Wat 5s. — KOViiP E Ry 5s.lO34 —
Ed L & P Cs.125 131 IP&CH U».103«ilCSii
V & C H Co.114 — |P & O R Cs.lia —
Geary-st l». 43U 00 |Powell-st 6s. — —
H C&S 5Hs.K4 — fSac EG&R5s. — 1C0
Do 5s ..". . 118*4 OOlilSF A SJVSs.llSU —
Hon R T Cs.lO« — | Sierra R <j».112U —
L A Elec 5s. — 1C5 |S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.ll2; 8 — .| <10O»i) 1C5% —
L A L Co Os — — I (1910) 106»4 —
Do gtd fs. — — 1 5 P of C 6s
Do Ktd t.*.Wl\ — f (19Cr.)Sr A. 10454104%
LAP lem 3s.lUl',4 — 1 (10C5)Sr B. — — '
Mkt-st C «is.UU — (lpCB) ....107 1C7U i
Do Jem 5s. — 110'il (1912) 11S% — j
II V& MtT.-Js.104 lllSilSPC 1 eg 5s. — IM •
XRR of Ctls.107 — I Do stmpd..lOSK109
Do 5» US 119 |S P B R Cs.i:'.t —
N P C R r.s.103 — 1 3 V Wat «.«.104',i —
N C Ry 3s. — — 1 Do'4.1 2dm. — 90
N C P C .Is. — 100 I Do 4s 3dm. 07% 98«4
N S It P. of. — loOUI^tkn G&Erts. — — '
O G L&H 5s.l03«i — tU G & E Ss. — 10«
O W gtd 3s.— 1C0 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa "8 41 | Port Costa ... — —
Marin Co... — 6214! 3 V Wat Co. — SO*;
GAS AND ELECTRIC*
C*nt L ft P. — Z%\3 F G & E. 59^ 60
Mutual EL.— HVilStkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co.. 5.'»H — |U G &. E Co. — 31
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E.'— — I
INSURANCE.
FlrenTs Fnd.310 J45 |
BANK STOCXS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 |I, P I: A... 1521a —
Anglo-Cal .. S'J VCViiMer Trust .. — 225
Bank of Cal.4C0 427^1 March Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 |S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — [
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L..'— LtkiO | Sav & L So. — 1 100
Hum S. & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.100 — [Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.025 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California .'. — 2C0 I Presidio — 41
Geary — SO |
POWDER.
Giant ...... 60 — iVIgorit ..... 3% 5 ?
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 30c | Kilauea S C. 2*4 4
Hawaiian C. 46 40»j| Mfthawell C. 21% 22%
Honokaa S C"12 13>*|Onomea 3 C. 22^ 20
Hutch S P C 8»s S%|Paauhau S C. 13 " li
v MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.139 141H) lOceanlc S C. — 8
Cal F C A. 00 lOO 1 Pac Aux FA. 5 0
Cal Wine A. — «4 I Pac C Borx.107 _
MVA MtTrn.100 — |
j. Morning . Session.
Board— "
5 California Fruit Canners' Assn. 06 80
SO Hawaiian Com I & Sugar 40 30
' 1O Pacific Coast Borax 1«7 V0
5 Spring Valley Water Co 30 50
i $2,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 101 00
: ?1.0<«i Mnrkct-st Ry 1st con 5s 115 00
i $4.<>W S i* Cal Us (1005, Series A).... 104 37 Va
i fS.CCO S P of C 0s <1905. Serlea B),.1O5 23
! flO.COO S P of C Us (1906) 107 00
Street—
CO Hutehinson S P Co ; 8 12%
$5,000 Oakland Transit Con 5s 10O 00
. Afternoon Session.
Board — '
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 40 37^
25 Honokaa S Co. 13 00
23 Hutchtnson B P Co..... 8 12 Vi
' IT. Paauhau a P Co 13 00
20 8 F Gas & Electric S3 75
25 Spring Valley Water Co 3!> SO
Street —
S2.0CO Los Angelet Ry 5 per cent.... 113 00
Unlisted Securities,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
'¦ J - BId.Ask.1 - Bid.Ask.
Bay CP<i 6s.lOO 1W IS P Co 4>is. 88 W
B L W^at 6s. 120 !Suo Tel Ba..ll3 —
Cal NW 5«.111% — I no 5s 102^4 —
SF Drdk-5«— Il3'4|8uttr-st R5s.l»)5 Jl3
SF & NP Bs.110%112 |UR of SF 4s. ,79«4 SO
S PC R4s. -— 100 J
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co.... 23 25% N«v Nat Bk.WO 202
Cal Cot Mils— 05 N S -R R... 11 —
C Jockey Cl. 00 120 N Cal P Co, 8Vi —
Cal Powder. 125 — |Oak Bk Sav.ll2H —
Cal Ship Co. 13 30 |Oak T Con. . 65 . —
Cal T I A T. — 1S3 HOOF Hall A 5% —
Cen Bk Oak 6T>% — Orpheum Co. — 16%
Chutes Co .. 7 — Pac.S Tel Co.100 —
City * C Bk. — 112 ,' Paraf Paint. 38 . —
East Dynm.lG0 23Q B F Drydock. «) — »
FN Bk Oak.120 — SFASJ Coal. 20 —
Fischer Tlitr \V% 2 .* J Wat Co. — 108
Frnoh-A.Bk.105 — {SO & MTgbt— jea.
The week opened with quiet markets on the
exchanges. There was a very fair business In
bonds on the morning session of the Stock and
Bond Exchange, but stocks were dull. Most
of the afternoon trading was In the sugar
stocks.
Ex-dividend yesterday) Plttsburg Oil, 7c.
The California Title Insurance and Trust
Company has declared a regular quarterly divi
dend at the rate of 0 per cent per annum, pay
able April 1.
An assessment of $10 per share was delin
quent yesterday on the capital stock of the
Pacific Bon«*. Coal and Fertilizing Company of
San Francisco. *
The Goewty Estate Company has levied an
asse;sment of $10 per share, delinquent April 0.
Devils Den Development Company of Vlsalia
on January Hi} levied an assessment of SO cents
per share, which falls delinquent March 29.
Late agsesemem announcements are: 'White
Pine Copper Company. 5c. delinquent April 16;
Calltornia Combined Oil. 2c. April 6: Wabash
Oil, 2c, March 20; Genesee OH. 2c, March 2U.
The Week Opens Dull, With Few
Fluctuations.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign F.utures. ,
; ' Liverpool, i. ':¦ .. .
Wheat—' ' March. ,; May.. July
Opening,... . 6 9% G 8«
Closing . . .'. 0 &% 6 8%
PARIS.
Wheat — -¦ ¦-. March. Sept. -Dec.
Opening ...; 21 SO 21 40
Clewing ....2153 8150
rumr — .
Opening ................... 28 CO - 2045
, Closing .................... 28 75 50 £5
. i St: Louis. Wool Market
ST LOITIR, March 14. — WOOL — Steady. Me
dium grade*. 1 clothing apd combing. \H<Q%l\i,c
light fine. Io@17i4c; heavy fine, 12©14^c; tub
washed, 22S2oC. - {
London Wool Sales:
LONDON;. March 14. — The offerings at the
wocl auction sales to-day numbered 13.709
bales. Fine wool was in denjand. Sev
eral' lots 'of 'medium croasbreds were taken by
Americans at .too , prices. \-
Northern Wheat Market.
' • . OREGON.'
PORTLAND. March 14.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 70@77c; Bluestem, 8lWS2c; Valley, 81®
S3c. • ¦
WASHINGTON.
' TACOMA, March- 14.— WHEAT— Unsteady
Biuestem, 82c; Club, 77c.
Northern Business.
SPOKANE. March 14.— Clearings $467 SSO
balances, $112,300. \ '
Kggs'came In more freely, as will be seen,
and there was a disposition among receivers to
keep as closely nold up as possible, but quota
tions showed no change one way or the other.
Receipts were 50.1CO lbs Butter, 14C0 cases
Eggs and. 67,300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 21%®
22c for extras. 20021c for firsts and ISSlOc
for seconds; dairy, 16020c; store Butter, nom
inal; cold storage. 20@21c for extras, lS@19c
for seconds and 1<>@1Sc for ladle-packed.
CHEESE — SH©0c for good to choice new
and 7'aSc for lower grades; Young Americas,
O^eiOc; Eastern. 15SlCc; Western. 14815c
per lb.
EGOS— Ranch. 16®17c; store, 15@13c per
dozen.
ReceintB of Butter thowed some increase yes
terday, a* there ¦ was a partial restoration of
rail- transportation over Sunday. The trains
are not yet tunning regularly, but they are
bringing hi sufficient Butter to lift the" scarcity
and satisfy th* local demand. ' With a complete
restoration of transportation the market will
shortly be libsrally supplied again. Quotations
remain unchanged. ..
There is no improvement in Cheese and stocks
are as. excessive as ever. ..
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
STOCK MAEKET.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. Hizh. Low. Close'
Atchison 3"«,2oi) «55«4 a C4>4
Atchlson pfd 1,300 &S S 4 8^4 &j>\
Baltimore & O 3l,<*()i} 7-f 8 7->t j.-ji^
Baltimore & O pfd .'. „ . ' . s7»»
Canadian Pacific .. 2.600 111 110 HO'
Central of N J ' 15:1
Chtu & Ohio 2.C0O ISMi 28>i 28 T 6
Chicago & Alton... 300 afl'^ 39 ' 3$4
Chicago &l A pfd 80
Chicago & Q W .. 000 14 »i 14 14«i
Chicago & N W .. 100 181% lClU ltili«
Chicago, M fc St P. 33.&0O 137«fe 13s' l.WU
Chi. M & St P pfd JT .?.. 173*
Chicago T & T ©14
Chi T & T pfd .. 100 11) 19 1»
C C C & St L. 7oii
Colorado Bo 1,700 17«i i7'i 17' 4
Colo So 1« pfd ".. K
Colo So 2d pfd.... 100 24 24 U3
Delaware & Hud . m> 101 150 lW»i
Del, Lack & West. 100 251 251 250
Denvxer & Rio G. 800 18 18 llsVi
Denver & R G pfd. 300 ti% «o% tKW
Lrle 7.«:0O 2.«H wu -j-.i
trie 1st pfd l.WO U2'i til i» B2
vfKr d J^ d , 500 :« 37% 37 14
Hockinp Valley '. f-u*
Hock Val pfd 200 77 77' 70
lllinoi.o Centra! ... 200 12ti s i ll'M 1"G
Iowa Central ; ..../... 17
Iowa pe&traJ pfd 33
Kansas City So j t ;«
Kansas Ciiy So pfd 1OO 31 31 " 31
Louisville & Nash ;x*> itt»% llr_>^ 102
Manhattan L. .... .2.000 140 >,* l$9% 140
Metropolitan Secur. a.O«> 75 7->^* 7-1.1;
Metropolitan St Ry. 2-«,400 107 1W& IC5«
Minneap &• «t L 55
Minn. St P &SSM 500 «o" 5:V * fflit
Mina StP&SSM pfd 1«W 117>i 11714 UT?
Missouri Pacific .. 12.20U SSU 87 87«'i
Mo. K & Tex l.riOO 10?* u;% iv£
Mo. K fc T rfd .. 100 :wl 3«^ 30
Nationl RU of Mex 3414
N Y Central, 3.000 Ill's 11JU m^
Northern Stcarities c,j
Norfolk <£ West . . 1.10O 5:, , iai; 54
Norfolk & Wen pfd . £j
Ontario & Western. 2.1KX) 19T1 \<j'i^ j;,v
plS^c^kt-L 111 : 000 g?*2»!»
S:^ m-pfd.-.: ls : 100 46^ j?« (»?*
Reading 2d pfd ... 100 DO JW " 5<i
Itock Island Co ... 1O.«!4O 20«i Vj% \$U,
Rock Isl Co pfd.. 100 w^ ci)% 5'J>!
M L & S F 2d pfd. 100 41 «i 41 (! U
St Louis H W .... 300 13U 1:1 u 13
Southern I'aciflc .. 28,100 4:s 4114 417
Southern Railway . 2,300 19v& la yjfi
Southern Ry pfd.-I 'LWr) » 2 % 81 U 81U
7"°k*L E*v?°- ' 2 ™ -* -^ h*
T. St""L. £c W pfd.. '.'.'.'.'. 3H1'
'*niun I*aclfic 4U.50O ~72'4 71-* 7ii£
Union Pacific pfd J* '.).. £jg
*V abash , mo 17*/ 17*/ 1T ' 3
b " h i;fd .! £.800 83§ S3 S
A>heel & Lake K i»i;
Wisconsin Central "" jri-
Wi*cc:ii-;n Cc:i j.rd. 200 Vj\l 3.J14
lixjjresB CoiMj-aniea — '" "
A t il, :..«
American ""'" XZ{
United states ,-, ''" \J K
Wf.llB-Fargo "" •" k(A
Mistcllanecus— • ~ w
Amaig C?opper 27.700 4i?«i 44^4 45U
Amer Car & Found 200 19 19 Jo'.*
Amerc & F ffd... 100 ca «a va
Arotr Cotton Oil . v«i'
AmT ca oil pfd..' : ' ' s£
Anu-r Ice -
Amer Ice pfd ..... 000 20 uj •ftv.
Ar.!M Linte^d Oil .'. s (?
Ainer Lin Oil pfd \ \"
Aracr Locomotiv* . 2,l«J0 «Tt sjii "jai
ArrierLoco pfd '* s,,,^
Arrccr Kmt It & Re:. tKXi 47 In" 4n i?
Aaitr f t U pM r,i '*
Air.fr Sutar' li-r«f. 3,t«M» I24W ji'^i mu
AnacoiiJi Xtln Co. 2'"^) CS« ¦ C4 Jft
Brnokiyn itnp Tran 18.S0O 41 r.ii^, 40
Colo FuM fi Iron.. :;00 2'! 1 ; 25 : >» "(i'4
OttsoHdAted Oa«.. 4,WV> mjij j<; fc i? j^ os 7
Corn Products ko 1311 12 ii laaj
Cora Product* ptii ..,. wl
DirtMlrre' poctiritics ' Tt'A
Orneral RJeetriq .. "DO ItiO'i ]iVi " iJliy
lntfrnJl I'uppr .'. 11
Intern tl Ps per pfd. iro «5sj r3=i t'n
Intf Kr>«l J'firrtp ....
Inrorntl Pamp pfd. 100 74 74" TiU,
Nfitional L'pA jjk
North American r^i-
Pacific Mall 4C0 27 25U &?,
Peo^l«-« Gas rof». 94T4 JJflK ' JU'4
I'pcs«r'«l Sttpl Car. ZOO 2S 27 27K
Pr Steel Car pfrt ,yj»i
T»u!!m>iii Pal Car.. 100 20?» "(» 'Ofc'i?
Reiiubllc fiteel KiO 7U TU " 7>'.
Rcrulilic Sttel pfd. WK> -52 " 42 " 41 14
Rubber Good* 2'X| lh^ lsi^ tr
Hulihrr <"»'«.(?s pri ,7-,
T^nn Ctoftl & Iran. <X*f> W'. Zi; p 53
V S Leatli^r 1.200 • 7 «% -' 6«i
IT P leather pM :.. 100 77 77' 7<J«i
U S Realty 1.1C0 (I r,^ fl"
1" S Heaitv pfd.... 4.400 4»:^i 4.*.C a;ia
T T c IU>l>r*-r ... 400 12»4 12 11 14
I' S n«tl)*r pM ... SCO Tifti t r/i tuil
t; S «t#rl 4.400 11 ]f t v ]0%
t-<.-s;^1 pfd CO.flOO .v;i/ 4 rsu .v.VA
I v.-f-iirRh'-upe ni?f. 20ft ir,7 ir.7 ir,«» "
' xyif.crv rnion ... 2co fis'; sstj sS
; Trtn! «r.l?-s S31.C00 share*.-
UNITED RAILROADS OV SAN FRANCISCO.
I Ni;W TORK. Marrh 14.— No bond traneae
tU>r.s tt?-Jr.y.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
CMsracn— B'J, $4J2«4: asked, $4 25 Pre
| ferrtd— liid. $38; ssked. $3S 25. .
NtW YORK BONDS.
U B rff 2s reg..l04li i. & N unified 4s. »»?
Do coupon 105 Man con gold 4*.103 e i
Do 3s ze% 10U Mex Cent 4s C3
Do couron l«W4 Do l6t l.nc......l3«A
Do new 4» reg. 12214! Minn & St L U.. 00 '
Da coui^>n 132% M. K & Tex 4s... 87 K
Do old 4s rcg.. 100^1 Do 2-ls 77
Do coupon I07%«:.R of ?.Iex con 4s 75 '
Atrh Ken 4a 1O> (NY C gr-n .1Ut.. 07%
Do adj 4« 87?i N J C gen 5S...I29
Atlantic C L 4s. 91ty-Xor I'ac 4s ... ¦ > C>° ! K
Bal & Ohio 4s... 101 \{ Do 3s ........ 70%
Do 3%s M^i Nor & XV con 4«, 07»4
Central of Ga r.s.lc5^ OSL 4s & jartic. 81 ? s
Do l6t Inc.... M Pa com- Z\im...: 93^
Ches A Ohio 4HS.101V, Reading gen 4s .. B5>4
C'fc) /k Alton 3»tis, 75 1 /4jSt, & I M con Ss.llS •
C. B & Q r.ew 4a. OlVsJSL &. S V fg 4s. 81%
CM *.StP scn4».I07 |Kt Louis iSW lsU.93!4
C & KW coo 7S.12O14 Beaboanl A L 4s. t»
C. R It Pac 4e. CSiijSo PaclHc 4s SS
Do col tin ¦; 7«U RaJU-ay &•.... 113
C.r..c A SL c«n4s as% Ter 4 Pae 1sU.,.ll55i
Chi Term 4s..... 70 T. St 1/ fc W 4s. 0t>>4
Con» Tohaeep 4a. B7»4 Union Paclflc 4s..lO3',4
Colo & So 4s.... S4 Do conv 4*.. ., . 05'j
c!sion bej-end *uth -«mall trading as has been
dena each week only to be cleaned up as socn
as the tessiicn of the court jevcaled a further
portponerr.ent.
In to-da^s market traders of this class had
set about covering their short contracts before
noon, having come to a belief that another
postponement \va« to be made. The announce
ment l f the actual decision caused a sharp
break, i but prices subsequently rallied to the
highest of the day, which was well above Sat
urday's level. The evidence of support in
Northern Securities stock Jtuclf on the curb
helped to rally the general market. The sub
sequent feverish fluctuations seemed largeiy
due to the efforts of traders to find the prev
alent tendency of the market- The tendency
became more distinctly downward as the
sweeping character of the decision began td
become clear from the constantly published
bulletins. All sources of news were besieged
with extraordinary Interest. The tenor of the
ceffiment was taken to mean that the large in
terests concerned were not likely to take pre
cipitate stock market action on the strength
of. hasty bulletins by telegraph. The quiet
and dullness into which the market fell late In
the day after the bulletins had brought the
last of tbe opinions as they were read tended
to confirm aa impression that the necessary
adjustment to the conditions formed by the
decision had been largely made before Its de
livery. The day's net changes In prices were
almost whogy inslenificant in Flace and t?ie
market became practically Inactive at the last.
Other influences were ignored. Among these
were the United States Steel Corporation's an
nual report, an improved tone of speculation
in foreiiro markets and a rather more strong
railway traffic.
Bonds were lrrerular. Total sales, $2,000,-
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
Three cart of. Western Poultry were on sal*
and met with a >teady demand at good prices.
There was practically no market for domestic
stock, receipts being light and the demand like
wise. Receipts of Game were unusually large
for Monday and, aa the demand was light,
prices of several kinds were lower.
POULTRY^Llve Turkeys. l»#lSe P« lb;
Geese, oer oair, |2@2 IT.; Goslings. $.'li2 25;
Ducks $6 50t?<> 50 per dozen for old and $C 50
@« for young; Hens, $6 00^7 for. large and $5
ua for small; young Roosters. $6 5U@7 50; old
Roosters. $S@5 5U; Fryers. $5 50fiU 50; Broil
ers. f*e5 50 for large and $4 50@5 for small;
Pl<eon&, $1 23®1 50 per dozen fop old and $2 25
$2 GO for Squabs.
OAME— Grays Geese. $3 per dozen; White
Geese, $1@1 25; Brant, $1 SO for small end $2
for large; Honkers, $4f/5; English Snipe, $3 50;
common" SnlDe, $1 50;. Wild Pigeons. *1 30;
Rabbits, $1 5062 for Cottontails and $1@1 25
for Brush; Hare. $1@1 25.
Poultry and Game.
Miscellaneous Markets. |
CHICAGO. March J4.— CATTLE— Receipts,
25,000. Steady, Good to prime steers, $535®
0; poor to medium, $3 60@4 S5; 6tockers and
feeders. $2 00# i 25; mw8 ?1 <5O@4 10; heifers.
$2 23&M 50; canners," ?1 JKIlgS 50; - bulls, $2@4;
calves, ?2 7."<S."> 75. . . ". .- " . -..- ¦ .
HOGS^-Rcccipts: To-day, 38,000; to-morrow,
20.000. Steady. Mixed" and butchers.- $5 10*5?
5 45; good to choice heavy, •' $5 45$5 60; rough
heavy.- $3 25^5 40; light, $4 85©3 40; bulk of
falef. $3 23^3 45. . •- • .
SHEEP— Receipt*. 2,\000." .Sheep and Iambi
strong. Good to choice wethers, $4 6005; - fair
to cholca mlyed, %*<§¦* 50; Western Sheep, (3 50
@5;. native -lambs, |4@5 65; Western lambs.
$4 5030. - - : : v '
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
Stocks tittle directed bv Northern Securities decision. '
Local Stocks and Bonds still quiet.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
li'heat quiet and featureless everywhere. . y
Barley higher, with a number of bullish rumors.
Xo further clvange in Oats, Corn cr.id R\e.
Hay and Fecdstuirs quiet at Saturday's prices.
Beans weak and quiet, but not actually lozver.
Butter and Eggs commencing to come in again.
Prcvivons unchanged and easy, here and elsewhere.
Potatoes stilt in light receipt and firm. Onions easier.
Spring Vegetables coming in more freely.
Three cars of Western Poultry offered. Game plentiful.
Oranges in large supply and offered at concessions.
SUMMARY, OF THE MARKETS.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short hills is 2T<@3 per cent and for three
months' bills 2 15-ie@3 per cent.
Do 1st pf<J 03HIU S Steel........ \%%
Do 2d pfd 3D I Do rfd 50U
III Central 130 j\Vabash . I8?4
Louia & Na«h 1O4»4I Do pfd 34U
SI. K & Texas... 17 I I
Bar silver — Steady. 20 5-16d per ounce.
Money — 2H©2>4 per cent.
Do pfd ,.. 9iuj Pennsylvania .....67%
Bal & Ohio 76H'Rand Mines ,. a
Can Pacific . . ... :113'.4| Reading ¦ ..'. 20^
Ches & Ohio 29% Do 1st pfd . 30'
Chi Great West.. 15 Do 2d rfd 2S'4
Chi. Mil & St P..142 So Railway ...... 10^
De Beers ;...19Vil Dopfd ........ S.1H
Den & Rio G lSvslSo Pacific 43«4
Do pfd CS [Union Pacific ... 74 \l
Erie 231,41 Do pfd 90
icons for money. . .66 s j.! N Y Central . .-. .11«H
f Do for acct..S6 7-l»t:Nor &. Western.. 55^
I Anaconda 3*;i Do r>W >¦... 8S
Atchijon lOVgfOnt & Western. . 20
London Closing Stocks.
Do pfd "IMtlUtah 83V4
Mass Gas 37 % | Victoria .........' 3
United Fruit »«i,4|\Vinoca ,. . 34
? Un Shoe Mach... 40 | \Volv«r!n« ....... J4
! Do pfd 2S?ij. .' . . . . . ,
Do pfd 73 : 54! Shannon ».'. 7%
Dom Iron & S.. 8 I Tamarack; r . ;..... 00
Ed Blcc Ilium... 234 Trinity VA
Gen Electric 15^ ) f T S Mining .;..".. 20-^i
Mass Electric 17% U S Oil ........ 8H
Do prd SS%!U|ngham 19
Boston & Albony.243 ICalumet & Hecla.450
boston & Maine.105 I Centennial ....... 1G%
Boston Elev ....138 | Copper Range .... 39»<j
Fltchburg pfd 1S6 I Daly. West 31 Vi
Mcx Contral lO^iiDom- C«al '.....:. .-54
N Y. N II & H-. 181 Vi Franklin 7%
Fere Marquette.. T$ JGrancy 3^i
Union. Pacflte 71H!Jsle Koyale 7Vi
Miscellaneous — J Ma#s Mining 3
Amer Argi- Chem. 13 I Michigan ........ 4%
Do pf<3 74 l ir-Mohawk : 35
Amer Pneu Tube. 3\|Mont Coal & C 2H
Amer Sugar 123 U | Old Dominion ... 9\i
Do pfd 123 lOeeola .......... 55 ;
Amer ;Tel & Tel.. 121 | Parrot 2?J
Jmer Woolen ... 10 IQuIncy Sl»
Money— JU S Steel 10*4
Call loans 3 ©4| Do pfd.. 53^
Type loans 4 1 ,i©'5] Westing Common. 7(5 .
Bonds — I Mining —
Atchiaon 4s »S% Adventure -2
Do adj 4s S7H Allouei :j^
Mex Cent 4s 63 Amal Copper 45Vt
Railroads — lAnitr Zinc 7%
Atchison «U>4; Atlantic 8
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
\
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ...... 12| Ontario '. 4 00
Alice >... 3«!Ophir 4 50
Breece lOjPhoenlx 0d
Com Tunnel 07|Potosl 24
Con Cal & Va... 1 (»; Savage 08
Horn Silver .,... l.Suj Sierra Nev v 00
Iron Silver 2 00> Small Hopes...... 22
Leadvllle Con ... 0^| Standard 2 00
Little Chief 0(5|
C F & I 5s 70 lU SSteel 2d 6s.. 72
Den & Rio G 4s.. 07yLiWabash lets 115%
Brie prior lien 4s. 9654 j Do deb B 07
Do gen 4s 84Vi! \V & L Erie 4s... 8«
F W &. 1> C ms.100 |\VIs Cent 4s '. SOVi
Hocking Val i\<,s.\<HY*\
¦CHICAGO, March 14.— On the Produce Ex
chen-s to-day the butter market was quiet
and easy; creameries. 14@23V4c; dairies, 13H@
21c; eggs, wsaker, 16%®17c; cheese, easy, 6U
©lie- • .. • - '
ELGIN, March 14. — Butter, firm at 24%c.
Offerings 181 tubs, sales 40 tubs. Sales for
the week, 403.500 pounds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
over 200 lbs. 5^Q5%c: soft Hoo, *mn%c:
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boar*. 60 cer cent off,
and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — The directors of the San Quentln
State Prison authorize the sale of 600,000 Grain
Bags at $5 25 per 100. spot cash. In lots up to
and not to exceed 50.000 to any one individual
or firm, which establishes a new quotation for
this description.
Grain Bags. 5%c spot and 5%c June-July:
San Quentin. 5.25c; Wool Bags, 32 ff 35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%68c.
COAL— Welllhgton. JS per ton: New Wel
lington. IS: Seattle. |6 SO: Brytnt. $3 60; Bea
ver Hill. $6: Standard. $7: Hbslyn. $7; Coos
Bay JI5 50; Greta $7; Wallsenr* 17; Richmond,
$7 50; Cumberland. 913 in bulk and 114 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. (14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Wellh Lump.
(11 DO: CannM. |8 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50@13
per ton in bulk and f 12 In sacks; Rocky Moon
tair. descriptions. $11 45 per 2O0O lbs and $13 SO
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 6e; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw: Castor Oil. In case?.' No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. *l lOigl 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China, Nut, 60®70c per gallon; I
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels, Me for Ceylon and 55c ;
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Ol], 85c; natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c: extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. C5c; natural Whale
Oil. 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil.- 75c:
No. 1 Lard OH. 60o: pure Neat? foot OH. 75c:
No. I Neatsfoot Oil, 65c; light Herring Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil. '43c- Salmon Oil. 33c:
boiled Fish OH. 40c; raw Fish OH. 3Sc; boiled :
Paint OH. 85c: raw Paint OH. 3Sc.
COAL OIL, — Water White Coal" Oil. la bulk.
14c Pearl Oil. In eases, 20V»c; Astral. 2OV4c;
Star 2OV4«: Extra Star. J4He; Elaine. 26%c:
Eocene iSVie; Deodorised Stove Gasoline, in
bM'.k 16c: In casts, 22Hc: .Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In casw, M>Hc; 8<J-degree Gasoline In
bulk. 25c: In cases. 31c. *
TURPENTINE — Me per gallon In cases and
78o in Crums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%0 j
Te per lb: WMte Lead, 6H©"e. according to
Sl'GAR — Th« Western Euerar Reflnln* Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crii*hfd and Fine Cru»hed, B.tttc:
Powdered, n.aOc; Candy Granulated. 5..V)c:
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.4<V: Dry Granu
lated re&rft: -V4Pc- Fnilt Or^nuiated, S.4f>c:
Beet ' Granulated (100-lb bags only). 5.20c:
Confectioners' A. 5.40c: Magnolia A. 5c:
Extra C 4.«*j; Golden C. 4.90c; "D,"
4 7Cc barrels. 10c more: half barrels. 25c more:
boxeJ 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds' Tablets — Half barrels. 5.90c; boxen.
Bl.*ic ; H. & E, Crystal Domlnos. 8.40c per lb.
No orders Ukfn for less than seventy-five bar
rels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. MARCH 14.
Flour, qr sks .. ' 1.6741 Wool, bales .... 82
Whpat ctls ' 1.50SI Feed.- sks 220
Barley" etls .... 0J!80! Sugar, ctls •••• 770
Oats ctls 4801 Tallow, ctls ... 270
Corn' ctls .:... 2.1!Hio>s. No. 1.408
Beans sks \.V*»\ Leather, rolls .. M*
Potatoes, sks .. 2.2.«4| Paper, reams .. «35
Onions, sks ... 8.'0! Chicory bbls .. 323
Bran sks . SOOtLime. bbls 317
Hay "ton* .... 6041 Wine, gals .... 43,700
Straw tons 10! Pelts No 210
Mustard, sks .. 541 Quicksilver, flks 25
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska .. 8.816! Rolled Oats 'sks 300
WESTERN.
Corn, ctls lOOjCorn Meal. ski. 357
Receipts of Asparagus were a llttle^over 200
boxes and all trade* cleaned up well at steady
rates. R>-ubaib arrived freely and prices de
clined.: Most dealers Bold by thejaox, $232 25
being the ruling prices, and there was tjulte a
quantity uns old at the close. Receipts of Green
Peppers aud Egg Plant were larger than usual
and prices wore shaded. Five crates of fancy
large Bell . Peppers, each crate containing six
bankets, were received from Florida and offerejj
at 6OS75c per pound, but no sales were re
ported..
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. $1 10
®1 20 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, 51 2.V« 1 40
per ctl; Klver Reds, $l(gl 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Durbanks fbr seed. 90c<3$l 10 per etl;
Garnet Chilee. J1O1 15 per cii; Early Rose.
$1 45@1 fi5 per ctl; Swc« Potatoes, $2 40©2 50
per ctl; new Potatoes, S@3V4c per lb.
QNIONS=-Yell0W. *2 CQCZ 75 per etl for Or
egon and $2 90®3 for Nevadan; Green Onions.
SO@75c per box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 16c per lfc
for extra. lOfifllc for No. 1 and 7®0c for No.
2; Rhubarb, 566c per Ib; Green Peas, 3@5o
per Ib for Los Angeles and 5@7o for bay;
String Beans, lOijjlSc per Ib; Tomatoes, 75c0
%\ SO per box or crate for Los Angeles and
$1 25@1 75 for Mexican: Summer Squash from
Los Angeles. 1125©! B0 per box: .Cabbage,
$1 10 per. ctl;- Carrots, 50c p«r sack:
Hothouse Cucumbers, ; $161 50 per dozen;
Garlic, 5©Ge ner lb: Egg Plant, l.VffifOc
per lb: Dried ; Peppers, 3f/8c per lb for Stock'
ton and lfl©12Hc for southern; Dried Okra,
10®12«ic per-lb; Green Peppers. 15020c per
lb; Miifhrooms. 15®30c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash 1@1H C P* r lb: Hubbard. %c per lb.
Chiles were in good requeit for seed and ruled
firm at the previously quoted rates. Sweets
were weak \ and a freshly arrived . carload was
offered at a decline. Onions were unchanged,
with supplies ample and an easy feeling pre
vailing. . '
lard, per 100 lbs. ST 07V&&M0; short ribs
aide* (1coe6), *7 12%@7 25; . nhort < clear side*
(boxed), *7 37i4@7 60: whisky, ; basis of high
wines, ?1 2S: clover, contract grade, $11 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............ 30.800 • 28,100
Wheat, bushels ..30,100 31.500
Corn .bushels 166.200 % 130,100
Oats, bushels ..290.000; 2U.2O0
Rye, bushels ../. ;...- 4,800- y 5,000
BJrley. bushels ........... 58,200 20,400
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1904.
Convicted of Burglary.
Manuel Powras was convicted of
burglary in the second degree by a
Jury in Judge Dunne's court yesterday
and will be sentenced on Saturday.
He broke Into the room of J. H. Preble
at 804 Clay street on the afternoon of
January 23 and stole a chest of car
penters* tools. j53ttj
Insolvent Jllner.
Willis R. Forbes, a miner of Jack
son, filed a petition In insolvency yes
terday in the United States District
Court. He owes $913 and had $34 as
sets.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
fe fe^ 2&
AUCTION SALE
AT ARCADE HOUSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH ST..
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 18. at 11 A. M..
I will well the rolling stock of wood, coal and
feed store, consisting of 10 good horses, oae a-
ton wntfon, 2 snutll wagons, harness, etc
Also 20 head of all purpose hors«s.
JOHN J-. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
<rv_^ Don't forget our regular weekly auction
>-»^> sales or HORSES. AVAOONS, SL"R-
RIES. BUGGIES. CAUTS and all kinds o£
•Ingle and double harness, erery TUESDAY.
II «. m.. at 1140 Folsom at.
WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.Murine Eye Remedy. ; A home cure for
Eyo troubles. Never, fails , to win friends.
Used for •¦ infant- -and ./-adult. 1 ;* Murine
doesn't smart. It soothes and cures •;.::
VIENNA, March 14.— It, is an
nounced that the unpopular Jewish
Prince Archbishop ,ofOlumetz, Mo
ravia, Dr. Kohn, has resigned- as 'a re
sult of an interview with ., the. Pope,
which was .occasioned; by the clergy
complaining of his conduct.
Unpopular Bishop Resigns.
SAN. RA FAEL, March 14. — Wreck
ing crews attempted to pull the ships
Beaulshire and Gunford.off the beach
near Reeds Station this morning. The
tug Tiger, was made fast to the Beaul
shire and atfio6d tide attempted' to
move. her, but could not. v Both ships
were driven far into Richardsons Cove
during the, last storm, '< and . now are
fast in ten feet of mud. Another at
tempt will be mrfde at daylight.
Ships Aground In Mud.
Since the announcement of PATTO
SIEN'S GREAT RETIRING SALE 200.
000 people were in the store, yet there is
no end to it. Every day the store con
tinues to be crowded with buyers. •
200,000 People Were There.
Swell pamphlets are. being printed by Edw.
S. Knowles. 24 Second nt. *
Labor Leader Urges Moderation.
INDIANAPOLIS, March 14.— A cir
cular letter has ibeen sent out by. Sec
retary Frank Duffy of the United
Brotherhood of , Carpenters ; and Join
ers requesting all local unions and dis
trict councils to be moderate; In their
trade movements this spring.
Plao's Cure tones up the throat, makes . the
voice clear and prevents hoarseness. •_
Shoots Discharged Soldier.
„ BUTTE. Mont., March 14. — A spe
cial to the Miner from Havre, Mont.,
says: Quartermaster Sergeant Mc-
Cants shot and fatally wounded
Thomas • E. ; Lewis, a discharged ' sol
dier, on the road between Havre and
Fort .Assinniboine. It is said the
two men had a quarrel and that Lewis
drew a revolver and fired at McCants*
companion, whereupon McCants
opened fire upon Lewis, three bullets
taking effect. ¦ . :
WASHINGTON, March 14^ — Fourth I Assist
ant Postmaster General Brlstow," who has been
111 wlth.tho grip since January 1, was at the
Po'stof nee Department to-day." • -*¦ < ¦ , J
Henry Payot gave an interesting
lecture on Rome before " the San
Francisco Teachers* Club last night in
the rooms? In the City Hall building.
Music added to the enjoyment of the
entertainment.
Lccturcs on Rome.
though their 'mission was not at that
time known. The McLeods are sons of a
Hudson Bay. agent, who years ago was
stationed at Laird Post. He;iis sup
posed to have given his sons lnforma-
I River is in the interior of Northern
I British Columbia. The first news of the
> Laird strike . reached Telegraph Creek
by a messenger sent out from' one of
the Hudson Bay Company's Laird
River posts. The messenger stated
that an Indian had offered for sale,
along with his catch of pelts, a quan
tity of coarse gold, which- he said he
had taken from a nameless Laird' tribu
tary. Some days later a party of twelve
left Telegraph Creek for the discovery,
about 200 miles distant. ¦
In this connection two brothers, Mc-
Leod by name, ; left Wrangel ,by dog
team a month ago for the same locality,
according to reports brought from the
1 north by the steamship Ramona. Laird
RiveY, below Black, or -Devils Canyon,
TACOMA, Wash.. March 14.— A prom
ising placer gold strike has been made
on a nameless tributary of .the Laird
Special Dispatch' to The Call
. It is believed that these boats were
not provisioned. :' The weather , is bad
and steamers 6ent in search of the
boats have found no trace of them.
BRISBANE, Queensland, March 14.—
The British steamer . Amarac was
wrecked - on the Breaksea Spit,, off
Queensland, Sunday. .'Six boats- were
launched ; and two were safely landed
with sixty exhausted passengers and
members of ;. the crew. Four 1 other
boats are still missing,
seventy-eight persons.
HALIFAX, N. S., March 14.— There
was still no/ news to-day from the
overdue French line steamer Propat
ria.. which has been out from St.
Pierre bound for this port for two
¦weeks with about sixty persons" on
French Steamer Still Missing.
Four Frail Graft Containing
Seventy-rEight Souls Still
Remai ii Unaccounted For
Are Hurrying to the Scene
Muck Interest Is , Aroused
j by Discovery and Miners
SAN RAFAEL, March 14.— The
body of the rrian who, was found on
Duxbury Reef, near Bolinas,; several
days a^o, has been identified as'.Phil
ipo Simonetti, an 1 Italian fisherman.
Sirrjonetti's body traveled over i^hirty
miles after he was drowned. He: and
two other fishermen were at worjt oft
El Campo, the boat was swamped,
and all three men made to swim: for^
shore. Simonetti was drowned, but
his companions . ultimately reached
shore at San Quentin Point. Simo
nettl's body was carried clear ,. out
through the Raccoon Straits, out
through the Golden Gate and up the
coast past Bolinas.
Body at Bolinas Identified.
LIFEBOATS ARE MISSING
; Reports Are Given of Prom
ising Find of Gold on a
Tributary of Laird River
INDIAN BRINGS NEWS
British Steamer Amarac Is
Claimed by Tempestuous
Seas on the Breaksea Spit
LONDON. March 14. — King Edward
held the second levee of the season in
the throneroom of St. James Palace
at noon <o-day. Large crowds lined
the streets through which the King
drove in state. The diplomatic corps
was strongly represented, including
Embassador Choate ana" other mem
bers of the United States embassy.
The attendance of Cabinet Ministers,
naval and military officers, peers and
members of the House of Commons
was also larger than usual. The Amer
icans presented by Choate were Walter
Neef of Chicago and Herman Kinni
cutt and Louis C. Hay of New Tork.
King Edward Holds a Levee.
FEAR HEAVY
LOSS OF LIFE
NEW PLACERS
IN THE NORTH
The report of the find spread rapidly
among the miners and prospectors
along the upper reaches of Stickeen and
Telegraph 'creeks, and ' many were
making preparations to leave for Laird.
For the past six months old Cassiar
miners have been pushing through
Wrangel, ostensibly to work property
which they had thrown up years ago.
Meanwhile the cost of transportation
has- been greatly- reduced through
operations .of a- steamer on ' the
Stickeen and regular pack trains from
Telegraph Creek.
tion which sent them to that remote
region.
Central
The Central Theater has an unusual
ly strong bill in the romantic Irish
drama, "Shamus O'Brien," which drew
Fischer's.
"The Rounders" continues to attract
large audiences to Fischer's Theater.
Columbia.
"The Silver Slipper'\ began its sec
ond and last week at the Columbia
Theater last night.
Deonzo and Schenk, clever barrel
jumpers and gymnasts, were new at
the Chutes last night and scored a
hit, aa did also Lyne and Leonard, the
"Dancing Nabobs," and the Robinsons,
an amusing colored couple. Little
Vera Randall, a talented child,, pleased
with her songs and dances and the
Benninpton duo of Tyrolean yodlers:
Mabel Lamson, the popular contralto,
in. new illustrated songs, and - the
animato3cope, showing a complete
change of moving pictures, completed
in interesting programme. The ama
teurs will appear on Thursday night.
Chutes.
As the result of a stabbing affray
Sunday night in the Central Hotel.
South San Francisco, O. Vallencourt.
formerly a soldier, occupies a cot at
the Cfty and County Hospital. A quar
rel occurred between the wounded
man and Lombardi Masneri. a laborer,
both of whom had been drinking to
excess during the evening. During the
altercation Masneri stabbed Vallen
court three times in the left side, one
of the thrusts piercing his left lung.
Masneri disappeared after the crime
and has not been located.
Stabbed During Quarrel.
The "Gypsy Baron" is still the at
traction at the Tivoli. It moves even
more briskly and is sung better than
at the beginning of i^s run.
•TivoII.
John St. John was arrested last
night by Deiective Ryan pending an
investigation- He was found on
Fourth street wandering up and
down in front of some buiMines in
course of construction., having in his
possession five new saws and
two screwdrivers, wrapped in a news
paper. As he could give no Fatisfac
tory *>xrilanatjon of v.hat he was do
ing with the tools and gave several
different places as his abr>d*». he was?
taken in. He belongs to the Coblers*
Union.
Arrested on Suspicion.
RENO. March 14.— The Palace, said
to be the most magnificent gambling
place west of the Rockies, la to be
thrown open to the public next Satur
day evening. Fifty thousand dollars
has been spent in decorations and fur
nishings. The place is licensed by the
city, and every game from craps to
king faro will be on tap. An orchestra
of twenty pieces will give a concert
every afternoon and evening. Custom
ers will be furnished refreshments of
all kinds free. A feature will be the
electric keno game. Hundreds of gam
blers from all over the United States
are making Reno a rendezvous. The
scenes remind one of the wide open
mining towns of the early days la Cali
fornia. A
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
Lieutenant Burnett, however, plead
ed "not guilty." and called Captain
Norman, chief clerk to the Chief of Po
lice, to the stand to prove that the lat
ter had given him permission to visit
Alameda County on the afternoon of
March 5. Chief Wittman testified that
he had vested Norman with authority
to grant leaves of absence during his
absence, but in the face of this. Bur
nett was found guilty and must forfeit
half a month's pay. The same action
was taken in the other cases.
Special Officer P. D. Linville, who
has been a familiar figure on Kearny
street for the last twenty years, was
deprived of his star, it being found
that he had not performed his duty in
detaining a man who had assaulted
Captain of Police Thomas Duke. The
captain was in citizen's clothes when
he became involved in a struggle while
attempting to : quell a disturbance, and
one man that kicked and threw him
started to run away. Linville cap
tured this man.* but released him from
custody before the captain could re
gain his feet. .
In extenuation "of the offense, each
patrolman offered an excuse. Some said
they went across the bay for recrea
tion, it being their time off .duty, others
that they had "tips" and desired to
play, and more that they thought that
their time, when not spent in serving
the city, was their own and subject
to their own pleasure. They all plead
ed guilty to having violated section 1
of rule 30, which provides that no po
lice officer shall leave the city without
permission. The testimony of the cap
tains showed the accused to be ex
cellent officers, and for a time it ap
peared that the Commissioners would
pass the offense with a reprimand.
PLEADS "NOT GUILTY." .
On March 5 the various police cap
tains visited the race track for the
purpose of trapping policemen who at
tended it. They found Patrolmen
John A. Annear, John J. Crowley,
Peter J. W'halen, Thomas F. Byrne,
Patrick Curry. .John L. Mangan, John
B. Collins, Patrick B. Mahoney, Jere
miah M. Dwyer and Lieutenant Jo
seph J. Burnett on the ..premises and
reported the same to Chief Wittman.
On their reports charges were pre
ferred against the various men and
their cases were called last night.
The particular charge upon which
the men were convicted was leaving
the city and county of San Francisco
without permission from the Chief of
Police. All of the patrolmen pleaded
guilty to the accusation and threw them
selves on the mercy of the beard after
having made an explanation. Lieuten
ant Burnett, however, who is one of
the best officers on the force and who
is next in line for the rank of captain,
pleaded not. guilty to the charge and
produced testimony in support ol his
denial. Notwithstanding this he was
convicted and fined with the others who
appeared before the commission.
OFFENDERS ARE TRAPPED.
The Board of Police Commissioners
at a. meeting last night passed sen
tence upon nine patrolmen and one
lieutenant of police who visited the
Emeryville racetrack on" the afternoon
of March 5. Each' of the men was fined
a half month's pay. which amounts to
$50 In the case of each patrolman and
$70 In the case of the lieutenant.
The proposition was accepted and
the new register of the hotel was soon
christened with tWe- first ink used in
the house. Seven famijies occupied
apartments in the hotel last night and
found their temporary needs attended
to by the beilboy and watchman, who
were intrusted with the care of the
establishment during the night. Next
Monday the stockholders and direct
ors of the hotel will give a dinner in
the hotel, and at 8 d'clock the St.
Francis will enter upon itc business
career in San Francisco.
A bellboy, temporarily endowed
with the dignity of a night clerk, and
a watchman, hurriedly pressed into
service for the occasion, stood a lone
ly watch in the new St. Francis Hotel
last night. Unexpectedly yesterday
Manager Allan Pollok of the magnifi
cent new hostelry, found himself a
full-fledged boniface. He had ar
ranged for a formal opening of the
hotel next Monday evening, but a mis
take in the original advertising mat
ter sent out by the hotel management
had announced that the opening
would take place March 1.
As a result a number of people from
Southern California and other points,
who had decided. to make their abode
at the St. Francis, proceeded thither
when they arrived here yesterday.
Their disappointment following the
explanation they received from Chief
Clerk McDermott that the hotel was
hot yet opened to the^ public appealed
to Manager Pollok. who finally agreed
to room them provided they would be
contented with rooms and icewater
only, the caterer's department not
being ready to accommodate guests.
Pollok to Welcome a Xunibcr of
Tired Travelers.
Emergency Prompts Manager Allan
GUESTS AT ST. FRANCIS
CONTEXT WITH ICEWATER
Lieutenant Joseph Burnett's
Plea of "Not Guilty ?? Is
i Not Accepted by the Board
Place Will Be One of the
Most Pretentious of Its
Kind West of the Rockies
Th* committee will Fpare no pains
to make the evening thoroughly en
joyable.
St. Joseph's parish will give a high
class literary and musical entertain
ment at St. Joseph's Hail to-morrow
evening. A superior class of talent
Trill participate in the different num
bers on the programme. • .
The hall has recently been artlsti
ca.;]y decoratx-d and lighted with elec
triciry and supplied with every possi
ble comfort for the convenience of
guests.
St- Joseph's Parish Has Arranged
Programme in AVTiich Superior
Class of Talent Will Participate.
TTUX CITE LITERARY AXD
MT-SICAL KXTERTAECMEXT
LOSE HALF MONTH'S PAY
FORTUNE IN EQUIPMENT
Mr. Osbourne's Gurnemanz is excel
lent, and Mr. Hilllard is sufficient, if a
little theatrical, as the magician, Kling
sor. The rest of the cast, knights, flower j
maidens, pages, are all .well taken, i
A well trained chorus, and the solo i
singing of a delightful boy soprano add*
much to the atmosphere. "Parsifal"
should be peon.
BLANCHE PAJtTINGTON.
lands and flower-maidens and . its
transformation to a land of winter, was
a fairy tale realized. It is all admir
ably pictured, and the utmost credit is
riue to the management therefor.
Neither have the resources of th*
actor-folk of the O'Farrell-street Ly
ceum ever before been quite realized.
Chief honors go to Mr. Durkln and
Miss Block, who, in the most difficult
roles of Parsifal and Kundry. achieved
large success. Miss Blook as the curi
ous half-saint, half-devil of Wagner's
creation was in both phases convincing
Her siren, when Cleopatra-like she
tries to lure Parsifal to his destruction
in the enchanted garden, was a mos*
cleverly sensuous bit of acting, and sh~
looked the role most charmingly. Ac
the Magdalen — for so the ceremony of
the washing and anointing of Parsifal's
feet proclaim her — Miss Block is deli
cately and tenderly convincing.
A ' little sophisticated Mr. Durkin's
earlier moments of the "guileless fool"
are. He becomes soon, however, absorbed
in the character, and in his scene with
the siren Kundry, and later, as the
savior knight— in a make-up that in
evitably suggests the Christ— is con
vincing and entirely Inoffensive.
Magnificent New Resort Will
Shortly Be Ready for Busi
ness in the Nevada Town
Severe Punishment Is Meted
Out to Policemen Who Vis
• ited Emeryville Racetrack
SCENE FROM "PARSIFAL.,"
WHICH IS BEING PRO
DUCED AT THE ALCAZAR.
RENO OPENED
TO GAMBLING
COMMISSIONERS
FINE OFFICERS
The AJcazarhas done its part nobly.
As Mr. Belasco naively put it to me,
"if this were an Eastern production
now, at Eastern prices!"— with a wise
nod. Well, if it were. It would ba worth
them. The cheer that greeted the flrst
scene, Monsaivat's lovely lake and for
est, grew stronger for the next, the
temple of the Holy Grail. Then th*
enchanted garden, with its rose gar-
w . g
Go early. At S o'clock the trumpets
— Ccnried fashion — summon the loiter
ers to their seats — prices raised for the
occasion, also Conried-wise, but very
modestly. There is still a moment's
grace and then the call is repeated.
All those that are not then seated re
main outside until the close of the act.
The trumpet theme is now taken up
by the orchestra and the Wagtier-
K3ein-Murphy "Parsifal" begins.
Mr. Kline has done his work well
after due survives the shock of Its being
done at all. He ' has arranged the
Wagner music to fit the Alcazar
measure very aptly, and the manage
ment has done its duty with a con
siderably enlarged ' orchestra. Mr.
Murphy's part is the condensing of the
libretto, that has also been done "with
deft hand. The original wording has
been almost exactly retained. A few
apparent Murphyisras, however, have
<r»=pt in, such as "the time has come,"
but the diction, on the whole, is thor
oughly dignified and impressive. The
story, toe, is told with admirable clear
ness, the cuts havipg been made with
bold and judicious hand, and all the
salient features retained. In three acts
and six scenes the play is arranged, and
some two and a half out of the Conried
Fix hours or so of its length are shorn
off between the shears of Mr. Murphy
and Mr. Klein. ...
New Tork may have had the first
foreign production of the opera ol
"PaxsifaL" San Francisco last night
had the first production on any stage
of tie "Parsifal" drama. What Mme.
"Wagner would have said about it is
useless to wonder. TVhat she has said
and done, and Herr Conried replied,
about the Metropolitan edition, will go
down as the Waterloo of the
twentieth century. Bayreuth, indeed,
were better forgotten in this con
nection. Xeither were the Grau-some
days of the "Ring," of "Lohengrin,"
of "Tristan and Isolde" well remem
bered by the Alcazar auditor. These
comfortably forgotten, the local "Par
sifal" accented as something between
an "Everyman" and a Grimm fairy
story, and the play will ba heartily
(even profoundly) enjoyed by the play
goer. . j
a crowded house last night and cre
ated intense enthusiasm from begin
ning to end. The play is elaborately
scened and costumed, the cast is "a
large one and a number of clever
specialties, are introduced. Herschel
Mayall, as Shamus, made a pronounced
hit. entering into the full spirit of the
role of the bold, quick-witted rebel of
'98. Mayall's versatility is unquestion
able, since last week he shone to ad
vantage in a Dutch part and now has
proved equally good In Irish character.
"Shamus O'Brien" contains a whole lot
of rollicking fun, but there are sev
eral pathetic incidents in the piece and
a number of thrilling climaxes.
Eugenia Thais Lawton, as O'Brien's
betrothed, made a captivating heroine,
and ?.lyrtle Vane had a soubrette part
that fitted her like a glove and she
sang "Come Rack to Erin" charming
ly. Georgie Woorlthorpe, as Mrs.
O'Brien, gave a first-rate character
portrayal, while Ernest Howell, as the
informer, had a part that brought
down upon him the hisses of the gal
lery, but hisses are always compli
mentary to the villain. Edwin T.
Emery did one of his best stunts in
the ro!e of a silly Cockney. Henry
Shumer, whose part is that of a British
officer, wao given a hearty welcome, it
being his first appearance since his re
cent illness.; Irish Jigs and reels are
cleverly danced by members of the
Gaelic Dancing Club, and the rendition
of Irish national airs by the orchestra
was a highly appreciated feature.^ As
St. Patrick's Day occurs this week,
"Shamus O'Brien" is a timely offer
ing, and the Central is certain to do
a 'prosperous business with the merit
orious production.
The proposed Democratic dinner in
San Francisco, under the auspices of
the Montlcello Club, is still in the air.
Leading lights of the Jefferaonian
League are not positive that the feast
will be spread before the middle of
April.
Ex-Governor Budd was a recent call
er at the political headquarters in the
Grand Hotel. He is the representative
of California on the Democratic Na
tional Committee. M. F. Tarpey, or
ganizer of the , Hearst forces on the
Pacific Coast, is out of town. Al Mur
phy represents the organization in the
absence of Mr. Tarpey.
There is some talk to the effect that
the Democrtic State convention will b»
called to meet Wednesday, May 11. Al
McCabe. secretary of the committee,
fancies that the apportionment of rep
resentation will be made on the basfs
of the vote cast for Franklin K. Lane
in 1902. On the representation of one
delegate to every 200 votes cast for
Lane, the strength of the convention
will approximate 700. >
There may be a lively three-cornered
contest between San Jose, Santa Cruz
and Sacramento for the privilege of en
tertaining the delegates. The citizens
of Santa Cruz are holding out special
inducements to win. the favor of the
committee.
There are many indications that the
meeting of the Democratic State Oen
tral Committee at Pioneer Hall next
Saturday afternoon will be largely at
tended and that proxy representation
will be small. There is a good deal of
activity at Hearst headquarters In the
Grand Hotel.. The Hearst boomers do
not conceal their desire for an early
State convention and they are quite
confident that the State committee will
adopt a resolution recommending that
the convention instruct the California
delegates to the National Convention to
use all honorable effort to bring about
the nomination of Mr. Hearst for Pres
ident-
At the preliminary hearing before
Jtjdjcs Conlaa. Joseph Crudo, who had
been Jointly charged with his uncle,
was discharged.
Four i>oUce offlcexs ¦were examined
yesterday a^temoon and the case -was
continued till to-iaorrow morning, as
the Judge will be in San Kafael to-day.
Joseph. Cra&o \nis arrested two days
later and Xioola the following day.
After his arrest Nicola made a confes-
Eion to Captain Martin. He said that
be and JliiraJo quarreled about an hour
before the shooting as to the bootblack
Etaad. and as he was walking home
with trro friends at Green and Kearny
streets cae of them told him that Mi-
S&Jo was conning toward him with a
kniSe in his hand. He wheeled round,
and believing that Migalo intended to
friTi fc*m he shot him in self-defense.
A Jury Traa Impaneled In Judge Law
lor's court yesterday to try the case of
ICieola Crudo, charged -with the murder
of Prosper© Mi^aJo at" Green and Kear
ny streets on Sundnx night, November
S. The deiesd&at is represented by At
torneys Gould and Spinetti and the
prosecution by Assistant District Attor
ney Ashe and Attorney Barrett.
<3reat interest is being taken in the
trial by the ltaiian colony, -which is di
vided into two factions, each having
proscribed sufficient money to engage
special counsel for the prosecution and
the defense. It is said that there \rtll
be startling developments by two wit
nesses during the progress ox the trial.
in^aJo. who had a. bootblack stand
at Eddy and Taylor streets, had sold
It to Crudo, and Migulo believed he had
t>e«a tricked. MlgaJo had been playing
cards on the night of November 8 in the
saloon of Joseph Crudo. a nephew of
the defendant, at 1406 Dupont street,
sjadsJ ler he left the saloon he was shot
down at Green and Kearny streets.
Santa Cruz, San Jose and Sac
ramento Bid for Privilege
of Entertaining Delegates
It Is Said That Startling
Developments" Are Expect
ed From Two Witnesses
CONFESSES TO POLICE
Company Does Good Work and Scenery Is Cheered by the
Audience — Central Gives "Shamus O'Brien" Success
fully — "Silver Slipper" in Its Last Week at Columbia
Defendant Accused of Hav
ing: Shot and Killed Pros
pero Migalo in November
MEETING PLACE GOSSIP
Hearst Boomers Are Strong
ly in Favor of an Early
State Convention of Party
TALK IN CAMP
OF DEMOCRATS
CRUDO MURDER
TRIAL BEGINS
"PARSIFAL" DRAMA PRESENTED FIRST
TIME ON ANY STAGE AT THE ALCAZAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, MARCH 15, 1904
¦ .Log: Cabin! -"The bread with a flavor." A«k
your dealer— wholesale — 900 Dolores st. * ' •
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nsnirp on nnr
BABlto ill Hilt
Fit!) itching, Bornisg, Scaly
Humors of lira SRio
Instantly Relieved by Baths
witti Giiticura Soap '
And Gentle Applications of
Gutioura Ointment.
Iost&nt relief tad refreshing sleep for
( kin-tortured babies, and rest for tired,
fretted mothers, In rrsrm baths ?with
Cuticura So&p and gentle anointings
xritb Cotfcura Ointment, the p*eat skin
cere, and pnrest of emollients, to be
followed in eerere cases by mild doses
of Caticara Resolvent.
*• My niece's little baby boy, two years
old, was so badly afflicted with eczema
that be needed constant watching. It
was all over his face and be scratched
the sores constantly. Mornings his
clothes would be stained with blood,
and bia face- and bands would be cov-
ered. His family never could take him
out, as his face was always fall of large
(tores. They had medical treatment,
and tried everything they heard of.
Fhe commenced using the Cuticura
Remedies last spring and found that at
last ehe bad a wonderful healer. The
sores left his face and he was entirely
cared, and now his face is as smooth
and rosy as though no sore had ever
been there to mar It."
j '.- Mrs. L. J. ROOT.
Jerusalem, N. T.
Feb. 12, 1698.
On March 7, 1903, five years later,
Mrs. Root writes i
••I received yonr note of kind in-
qairy and am pleased to inform you of
the permanent core of my little boy.
He is now a healthy child with pink
and white skin free from all blemish.
It has been a marvellous cere and
brought about In a short time after all
other medical aid failed."
»o<d tfcm»rttmt th» vorU. CatSeara BnairtsV Ms.
fin Mm of Cboeoktt C«t«J ltii.lfc.Mr ml of Wv.
Outinmt. «•», »•••. tie- Deppt»t Ijtmion, V Charter-
A •• rotter Drat * Cfeeatesl C«T_ tteU Proprictan.
*rt**i It - Tk« C«neon SUa Smk.-
ATvyxBTISEargNTS.
What, the custom tailor charges and get*
* one of our spring suits. Best» fabrics, lat-
est* patterns, newest* styles.
CONCAVE SHOULDER.
ELONGATED LAPEL
SNUG-FITTING COLLAR
These are the points good dressers demand
$€|& — found in all our clothes at»
1 H J0zk any price. We have a p<ir-
H <P^M ticularly fetching suit— right*
w& Jfe in every detail — for
MILL TO MAN
mm mRKET T sX'H&^iEBv
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fact* About the American Indian's
Healthy K&lr.
The American Indian, accustomed from
tim-; Immemorial to go bareheaded In all
kinds of weather, is never troubled with
falling hair or baldness.
The close atmosphere caused by ov4
"civilized" headgear is conducive to thV
breeding of infinitesimal germs which
dig Into the scalp and thrive on the sap
of the hair root.
This true cause of baldness Is of recent
discovery and explains the non-success
of all hair vigors which treated baldness
as a functional disorder.
Newbro's Herpicide Is a direct exter-
minator of the germ.' It destroys the
cause and permits the hair to grow as
nature intended.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co..
Detroit. Mich. *
In • /ft eas 1
a Premium L. I g coffees |
I Free ¦" s P ices |
I with Each £"£ ***** I
I worth powder A
i jfc^^They are Beauties « tf
3&A A thousand kinds yg |
I ||r to Select from. *^|| §
| Great American Importing Tea Go's 1
S P . Stores f]
¦ "* Sixth 1S19 Deriwder* 705 Larida U
B^Sii!?* 11 * 821Mentr*ymT«. 62 Market &
S 2 £?£52"* 2513Mi « io « 1*6 Ninth H
469 Fourth U
, Prompt Relief for
COUGHS, y*5ZK
HOARSENESS AND isl§
THROAT DISEASES.
Sold lit Box*a onto. sf f^ym jf
PBMM^ lmltail0n!l - <*&*¦¦ *>&C*~m*&>>»