The Sunday Call Magazine<%
"The Interview was brought to an end
lna few. moments. ; It seemed to Mafl
posa that the scenes which Mrs.' Wil
lers assured her were' so big with prom^
lse'were incredibly short ¦ for moments
so fraught with destiny. She seemed
hardly, to have caught her -breath yet
from the ascent of the four flights of
stairs, : when .they .were, once J again
r down the cbrridbr.V with the
writing,.. men 'looking up with' pricked
ears^at the ; returning ¦¦ rustle of ¦ skirts.'
It was I Mrs." Willers who 'ihad^ wafted
Her away so quickly. ;V ;:> V ; , .
.'.'Never -• beat •: about the <bush where
you deal with Jake Shackleton," she
eaidj slipping' her hand" In Mariposa's
"I think It's the finest ; kind of a
voice," 1 he said, smiling, ''but you, know
my opinion Is worth more on «e» than
on voi ces. So we won't soar too high
till we hear what the fellow. whose busi
ness It . is, has . to | say. Then; ]if he's
satisfied"- 1 - he gave : a little shrug— we'll
see." '- ' ' "' - .' -. . ¦ . ,:"; ¦'¦ ' i. | ¦'¦:¦¦
As the ladies passed hlnvgoing to
ward the stairhead, a. young man rose
above ' it, almost (colliding with them.
Then* in" the gloom of the dejected gas
jets he stood ; aside, against the wall,
letting them' pass out. He wore' a long
ulster ; with .-a; turned -up ; collar. Be
tween the edge of this and the' brim of
his derby hat, there was the. gleam of a
pair of eye-glasses and a, suggestion of
a fair mustache. :' He raised; his hat,
holdinglt above his head during the In
terval of their transit, disclosing a
small pate clothed with smooth 'blonde
baiiv . ¦': ; •: ::. ¦.;•: <,,-,¦_.:- ; ".\; ;/.- "«•.;¦.:
"Who. was that lady, with Mrs. Wil
lers?" he said > to the boy.'as he walked
arm as they passed down the corridor.
' "He's _ ; got/ no use' for people, who gam
bol round . the subject. Say '< your say
and then go. That's the way to get on
with: him."
In." the ante-room the boy was still
sitting,' his chair tilted back on its hind
legs, The Trumpet In his hands. Nev
ertheless,' he had made an . incursion
Into the inner regions to find out whom
Mrs., Willers was. piloting inter the sanc
tum.-for he had the curiosity of those
who hang on 'the fringes of the news
paper world. f -• -•-.-...
ousness she had noticed in her pro
tege's countenance on the way [down
would make her commit some . betise
that would antagonize the, '; interest
Shackleton ap evidently took ; in her.
Mrs. Willers had seen her chief's brusk
Impatience roused by follies 'more ex
cusable than those that rise from a
young girl's nervous shyness and that
would, be incomprehensible to his hardy,
self-confident nature. , ';
But Mariposa seemed encouragingly
composed. She again felt the curious
sense of ease, of being at home ; with
him, that this unknown man had given
h«r before. She had that inspiring sen
sation that she was approved; that this
old-time friend . of her father's had a
singular unspoken sympathy' with her.
"As if he might . have been "ah old
friend," she told her mother; after the
first meeting, "of some kind of relation
—one of those uncles that come back
from India in the English! novels." * . ;
Now only her fluctuating color told of
the Inward tumult , that possessed her
as he told her concisely, . but^" kindly;
that he had arranged for- hereto 'sing
before. Lepine, the manager, , of • .the
6pera, at 2 o'clock on the following day.
Several people of experience ; had . told
him Lepine was an vjudgel
They would then hear"an expert's opin
ion on her voice.
: The excitement of/ the morning
reached its .climax when a carriage ap
peared at the curb with i Mrs. Willers*
face ati. the window. The' hour of fate
had struck, and Mariposa, with a last
kiss to her mother,, ran down the steps
toward the door Into the corridor.
"She's some singing lady," answered
that youth drawlingly, tilting his chair
still farther back, "what's come to see
Mr. Shackleton" about sin ping at the
opera-house. Her name's Moreau."
The, young man, withont further
comment., passed Into the inner hall,
leaving the- boy smiling with pride that
his ; carelessly acquired Information
should have been so soon of use. For
the questioner was Wlnslow Shackle
ton, the millionaire's only con.
The next morning was one of fever
ish excitement in the cottage on Pine
street. Mariposa could not settle her
self to anything, at one moment trvinr
her voice at the piano, at the next
standing in front of her glass and put
ting on all her own and her mother's
hats In an effort to see In which she
presented the most attractive appear
ance. She thrilled with hope , for a
space, then sank Into a dead apathy of
dejection. Lucy was quietly encourag
ing, but the day was one of hidden an
guish to her. The daughter, ignorant of
the knowledge and the memories that
were wringlngthe mother's heart, won
dered why Lucy . was so confident of
her winning Shackletc-n's approval. As
the hour came for her to go she .won
dered, too, at the marble pallor of her
mother's face, at . the coldness of the
hand that clung to hers in a lingering
farewell. Lucy was giving back her
child to the father who had deserted It
and her.
tOmiyilteU. 1303. The Hcbb»-M*rri!l Co.)
•"I E turned and looked at her. She
I met h:s glar.ee with eyes dark
| I ened by excitement.
J "There"?: Mr. Shackleton in the
box." she said eagerly, in a half
whisper. "Did you see?"
"Yts. I've been looking, and that's
his daughter, M&ud Shackleton, in the
v\tme with diamonds."
"Is it? Oh. what a beautiful dress!
and quantities of diamonds. Almost
too many: they twinkle like water, as
if some one had squeezed a sponge
over her.'.'
"What can you *do when you're a
bonanza king's daughter and as ugly as
that? You've got to keep up your end
cf the line tome way. She evidently
thinks diamonds are the best way."
Essex took the glass and looked at
th* bedecked heiress again. After some
moments he put it down and turned to
Maripesa with a quizzical smile.
"Do you know 1'm^oing to say some
thing very funny, but look at her well.
Dees she look like anybody you know?"
The girl looked and 6hook her head:
"Like her father a little." she said,
"but nc- one else I can think of."
"No, not her father. Some one you
know Intimately and see often — very
often, if you're as vain as you ought to
be."
"Who?" she demanded, frowning and
looking puzzled; "I can't think whom
yeu mean."
' 'Yourself ; she locks like you."
Mariposa gave a quick look at the
fcirl and then at Essex. For the mo
ment she thought he was mocking her.
bui with her second look ct the box. the
Ilkeae— suddenly struck her.
"She is." she said slowly, reaching for
trK glass; "yes." putting It down, "I
ee<- It — she is. How funny! and fancy
your tilling me on tcp c-f the statement
that phe was so ugly! I don't see how
1 can smile ajjain this evening."
Efce srr.iltd with the v.ords on her
lip*, the charming smile of a woman
who knows her silliest phrases are de
lis iirful to one man at least.
• "Tin not entirely like her?" she asked,
viih a somewhat anxious air; "I
hsven't pet thc-.v? pale- gray, prominent
eye». have I?"
"¦-•<¦. you've pot mysterious dark eyes,
as die? us well*, ard when I look into
th*rr. down, down. I sometimes wonder
if i can F«» your heart at the bottom.
<"ci: J ? Let ma see."
He leaned forward sr if to look
Ftiif^ht Into her eye*| Mariposa sud
d*?."-y flashing an<i feeling uncomforta
ble, dropped them. The sensation she
f-<> • ftcn experienced with Essex, of be
in? a-.vv-.vard and raw, war intensified
cow by tlie annoyed embarrassment
provoked by the florid gallantry r.f his
v.-crdA, Hut ffce v.as too inexperienced
a little V.y t<» deal with this cunning
epWc-r. r.nd tasgled herself worse In the
trail by tayirs nervously:
"A:id my nose! I haven't, got that
kin<l ct a r.'>se? Oh. sui ?ly not," put
tir?v up a plover} hand to fee I of its un-
MilsfactorineE*.
* i <>u have thf? dearest little no6e in
tfc? world, straight as a Greek statue's.
It's a llttis bit naughty, but I like It
that way. And your mouth." he
droj^ed his voice slightly, "your
mouth — "
Marlposa mad" a sudden movement
cf nnnoyance. She threw up her head
and looked at the curtain with frown
ing brows.
"Don't," she said sharply, "I don't
Ilk- you to talk about me like that."
Ktnex was r'.lent, regarding her pro
file with a deliberating eye and a slight,
amused cmile. How crude she was and
how handstrme! After a moment's sl
lerc-e, he leaned toward her and said
in a voice full of good-humored banter:
"Butterfly! Butterfly! Why did
they call you Butterfly?"
The change in his tone and manner
put her back at once on the old footing
of gay bonhomie.
"In English, that way, it sounds
dreadful, doesn't it? Fancy me being
called Dutterfly. I was called after the
flower. My whole name is Mariposa
Lily."
"Mariposa Lily!" be repeated in
aroused amazement; "what an absurd
name!"
"Absurd!" said Mariposa, indignant
ly. "I don't see anything absurd about
it. I think ft very pretty. My mother
called me after the flower, the first
time the saw it. They couldn't find a
suitable name for me for a long-time,
and then when ehe saw the flower she
decided at once to call me after it. It's
the most beautiful wild flower In Cali
fornia."
"It's fortunate you were not called
EEcbscboltzia," said Essex, who thought
the name extremely ridiculous, and who
THIS, the third in
stallment of fToi
Morrow's Tangle.*'
carries you into the
strangest combination of
: circumstances, perhaps,
j ever taken from the
I tumultuous history of
; the West and transferred
| dlniost bodily into a
j hook. Indeed not the
i least part of the fascina
tion of this remarkable
story lies in the fact that
you know all the scenes
and characters intimate
l.v.
It cost The Sunday Call
SI 000 for the exclusive
Western Rights of 31iss
Itonner's novel. You can
not jret it elsewhere for
five times what it will
j cost you in these pages.
The Trumpet office, as all old San
Franciscans know, stood on Third
street, and T.as, in its day, considered
a fine building. Jake- Shackleton had
not been its owner six months yet, and
all his reforms were not inaugurated.
From the yawning arch of its doorway
liights of stairs led up and upward,
from stories where the presses rattled
all night, to the editorial story where
the sentiments of The Trumpet staff
were confided to paper. This latter and
most important department was four
flights up the dark stairway, which was
lit at Its turnings with* large kerosene
lamps, backed by tin reflectors. There
was little of the luxury of the modern
newspaper office about the barren, bus
iness-like building, echoing like an
empty shell to the shouts of men and
the pounding of machinery.
At the ton of the fourth flight the
ladles paused. The landing broadened
out into a sort of ante-room, bare and
windowles8, two dejected-looking gas
jets dispensing a tarnished yellow light
into the surrounding gloom. A boy,
with a sleek, oiled head, sat at a table
reading that morning's issue of The
Trumpet.. He put It down as Mrs. Wil
lers rose before his vision. and nodded
familiarly to her. She gave, him- a
quick word of greeting and swept Mari
posa forward through a doorway, down
a long passage, from which doors
opened Into tiny rooms with desks and
dropllghts. The girl now and then had
glimpses ' of men seated < at ' the desks,
the radiance of the droplightB hard on
their faces that had been lifted expec
tantly as their ears caught the Interest
ing rustle of skirts In the corridor.
Suddenly, at the end of the passage, .
Mrs. Willers struck with her- knuckles
on a closed portal. The next moment
Mariposa, with the light of a large win
dow shining full on her face; was shak
ing hands with Shackleton. Then, in
response to his motioning hands, she
took the chair, beside the desk, where
she sat, "facing the" white glare of. the
window, conscious of his keen eyes
critically regarding her. Mrs. Willers
took a "chair in the background. Fora
moment she had fears that the nerv-
CHAPTER V.
TRIAL FLIGHTS
"The music of the moon
Sleeps in the plain eggs of the nightin
gale." — Tennyson.
A. week had not passed since the
night at the opera when Mariposa re
ceived a hasty letter from Mrs. Willers.
It was only a few lines scrawled on a
piece of the yellow paper affected by
the staff of The Trumpet, and advising
the recipient of the fact that Mr.
Shackleton requested her presence at
his office at three the following after
noon, yet a suggestion of triumph
breathed from Its every word. Mrs.
Willers was clearly elated at the mo
ment of its production. She hinted in a
closing sentence, that Mariposa's star
was rising rapidly. She, herself, would
conduct the girl to the presence of the
great man, and suggested that Mari
posa meet her in her rooms a half
hour before the time set for the inter
view.
Mariposa was glad to do this, and in
the few moments' walk across town
toward Third street, to hear what Mrs.
Willers thought was the object of the
Interview.-. The girl's cheeks were dyed
with excited color as they drew near
The Trumpet office. Mrs. Willers was
certain it was ta do with her singing.
Shackleton had almost told her as
much. He had been immensely im
pressed by 'her voice, and now, with
the Lepine Opera Company In the city,
Mrs. Will?is fancied he was going to
have Lc:>ir.e, who was a well-known
impresario in a small but respectable
way. pass judgment on it. Mariposa's
foot lagged when she heard this. It
was such a portentous step from th*
seclusion of a rose-draped cottage in
Santa Barbara, even t* this talk of
singing before a real impresario. She
looked down the vista of-^hird street
where the facade of The Trumpet office
loomed large from humbler neighbors,
and Mrs. Wlllers saw hesitation and
fright in her eyes. Like a sensible
guardian she slipped her hand through
the young girl's arm and walked brisk
ly forward, talking of the rare chances
life offers to a handicapped humanity.
As the curtain fell for the third time,
she turned to Essex, paie and large
eyed, and said breathlessly:
"I could sing as well as that woman
if I had more lessons; I know I could!
I know it!"
found a somewhat mean amusement in
teasing the girl; "you might Just "as
well have been called Eschscholtzla
Poppy."
The spirited reply which was on Mar
iposa's lips was stopped by the rising of
the curtain. ¦ The crowded, rustling
house settled itself into silence, the
orchestra's subdued notes relied out
v.ith the voices swelling above them
into the listening auditorium. ¦ '
The rest of the evening was an en
chanted dream to her. She had never
seen an opera, and for the first time re
alized what it might mean to possess a
voice. She heard the house thunder its
applause to Leonora, and thought of
herself as singing: thus, standing alone
on that dim stage, looking out over the
sea of faces, all listening, all staring,
ail spellbound, hanging on the notes
that fe!l, sweet and rich, thrilling and
passionate, from her lips. Could there
be such a life for hsr? Did they tell the
truth when they spoke eo admiringly
of her vcice? Could she ever sing like
this? A surge of exultant conviction
rose in her, and sent Its whisper of hope
aud ambition to her throbbing brain.
As the opera progressed she grew
pale ar.cl motionless. The wild thought
was s-ining possession of her. that she,
Marlpcsa Mcreau, with her four pupils
and sixteen dollars a month, could sing
as well us this woman of European re
nown, for whom Eesex, the critical,
the vastly experienced, had words of
praise. Once or twice it seemed to her
as if the notes were swelling in her own
throat, were pressing to Durst out and
soar up. higher, fuller, richer than the
weman's on the stage. Oh. the rapture
of being able to pour out one's voice,
to give wild, melodious expression to
love or despair, while a thousand peo
ple hung this way on one's lips!
"We will mount to the stage this way,
Mademoiselle." said Lepine, and he in
dicated a small flight of steps that rose
from the corner of the orchestra to
the lip of the stage above.
He ascended first, she close at his
heels, and In a moment found herself
on the dark, deserted stage. It seemed
enormous to her, stretching back into
unseen regions where the half-deflned
shapes of trees and castles, walls and
benches were huddled In dim confu
sion. Down the aisles between side
scenes she,causht glimpses of vistas lit
by wavering gleams of light People
moved here and there, across these
vistas, their footsteps sounding singu
larly distinct. As she stood uneasily.
looking to the right and left, a sudden
sound of hammering arose from some
where behind, loud and vibrant. Le
pine, who was about to descend th»
stairs, turned and shouted a furious
sentence in Italian down the opening.
Mariposa drew back from him. won
dering if she were to sing there and
then. Lepine was behind her. and be
hind him she saw, with a sense of
nostalgic loneliness, that the Italian
conductor was- shepherding Mrs. Will
ers and Shackleton into two seats on
the aisle. They looked small and far
away.
She handed him the two songs she
had brought, "Knowest Thou the
Land." from "Mlxnon." and "Farewell.
Lc-chaber." In the short period of her
tuition her teacher had told her that
*he had sung "Lochaber" admirably.
The man opened them, glanced at the
names, and placing the "Mignon" aria
on the rack, ran his hands lightly and
carelessly over the keys In the opening
bars of the accompaniment.
"Whenever the lady is ready," h«
said, with an air of patience, as though
he had endured this form of persecu
tion until all spirit of revolt was
crushed. '*'•/.¦
One was a short and stout French
man, with a turned-over collar, upon
which a double chin rested. He had a
bald forehead and eyes that gleamed
sharply from behind a pince-nez. At
sight of the trio, he gave an exclama
tion and came forward.
"Our young lady?" he said to Mari
posa. giving her a quick look of scru
tiny that seemed to take her in from
foot to forehead. Then he greeted
Shackleton with slightly exaggerated
foreign effusion. He spoke English
perfectly, but with the inevitable ac
cent. This was Lepine. the impresario,
and tho other man, an Italian who
spoke little English, T.as presented as
Slgnor Tojettl, conductor.
They moved forward talking, and
then, pushing the door open, Lepine
motioned Mariposa to enter. She did
so and for a moment stood amazed,
staring Into a vast, shadowy space,
where, in what seemed a vague, unde
fined distance, a tiny spot or two of
light cut in the darkness. The air was
chili and smelt of a t table. From
somewhere she heard the sound of
voices rising and falling, and then
again the notes of a piano, now near
and unobscured, carelessly touched and
resembling, in the echoing hollow spa
ciousness of the great building, the
thin, tinkling sounds emitted by smit
ten glass.
Lepine brushed past her and led the
way down the aisle? As she followed
him her eyes became accustomed to
the dimness, and she began to make
out the arch of the stage with black
ness beyond. Into which cut the circles
of light of a few gas-jets. The lines of
seats - stretched before her spectral in
linen covers. Now and then a figure
crossed the stage, and as they drew
nearer, she saw on one side of It a man
sitting on a high stool reading a pap<?r
book by the light of a shaded lamp.
The notes of the piano sounded sharper
and closer, and by their proximity
more than by her sight, she located it
in a dark corner of the orchestra. As
voices came from this corner, then sud
denly a man's smothered laugh.
"Mr. Martinez," said Lepine, direct
ing his voice toward the darkness,
whence the laugh had arisen, "the lady
is here to sing, if you are ready."
Instantly a faintly luminous spark.
Mariposa had noticed, bloomed into the
full-blown radiance of a gas-jet turned
full cock under a sheltering shade. It
projected, what seemed in the dim
ness, a torrent of light on the key
board of the piano. Illuminating a pair
of masculine hands that had been mov
ing over the keys in the darkness". Be
hind them the girl . saw a shadowy
shape, and then a spectacled face under
a mane of drooping black hair was ad
vanced into the light.
"Has the lady her music?" said the
face, in English, but with another va
riety of accent.
They alighted, and as they turned in
to the flagged entrance that led to the
foyer, Shackleton came forward to
meet them. He looked older in the
crude afternoon light, his face showing
the lines that his fiercely lived life had
plowed in It. But he smiled rea«su»
lngly at Marlposa and pressed her
hand.
'•Everything's all ready." he said:
"Leplne's put back a rehearsal for us.
bo we .mustn't keep him waiting. And
are you all ready to surprise us?" he
aaked, as they walked together toward
where the three steps led to the foyer.
"I'm ready to do my best," she an
swered; "a person can't do more than
that."
The answer pleased him, as every
thing she said did. He saw she was
nervous, but that she was going to
conquer herself.
"L*>ts of grit." he said to himself as
he gave ear to a remark of Mrs. Wll
lers*. "She won't quit at the first ob
stacle."
They passed through the opening In
the brass ral! that led to the foyer.
This space, the gathering place of the
radiant beings of Marlposa's first night
at the opera, was now a dimly lit and
deserted hall, Its flagged flooring look-
Ing dirty In the raw light. From some
where, in what seemed a far, dreamy
distance, the sound of a piano came, as
if muffled by numerous doors. As they
crossed the foyer toward the entrance
Into the auditorium, the door swung
open and two men appeared.
Darin* the drive Mrs. Wlllers talked
on outside matters. She was business
like and quiet to-day. Even her clothes
seemed to partake of her practical
mood and were Inconspicuous and sub
dued. As the carriage turned down
Mission street she herself began to ex
perience qualms. What If they had all
been mistaken and the girl's voice was
nothing out of the ordinary? What a
cruel disappointment, and with that
sick, helpless mother! What she said
was: '
"Now, here we are! Remember that
you've got the finest voice Leplne's ever
likely to hear, and you're going to sing
your best."
feeling like one about to embark on a
Journey upon perilous sea* In which He
enchanted Islands.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
TOMORROW'S
TANGLE
2¦'„ "I was* looking at something pretty,"
he answered, : nig eyes full of- amuse
ment as ; they rested on her charming
face. "That . generally makes people
smile." ,: .
Personally he liked Tussy, whose
beauty,, £nd winning manners lent a
luster tohis house. Once on twice to
night she causht him looking at her,
with . a cold, debating glance in which'
there was little of the admiration she
was accustomed to receiving since the
days of her^ first long dress.
.He was, In truth, regarding. her eriti-,
callyfor the first time, for the Bonanza
King, was a man on whom the beauty
of women cast no spell. He was com
paring her with another and .a more
regally handsome girl. = Pussy Thurston
would look insiDid and insignificant be
fore the stately splendor of his own
daughter.
He smiled as he realized Mariposa's
superiority. The "young girl saw the
smile, "and^said; with .the privileged co
quetry i of. a maid who all her life has
known* herself favored above her fel
lows: ¦¦;/" i ¦;". '; .V - ,..'•¦ '. ¦, ¦ _
"Why are you smiling all to yourself,
Mr. Shackleton? Can't we know, if It Is
something, pleasant?" V ', '. ¦
dressod them, almost fed them. The
very green crepe gown in which Pussy
looked so pretty to-night had been in
cluded in Maud's bill at a fashionable
dressmaker's. •'
word of farewell, and a hand lifted to
his hat brim. v Mrs.- Willers continued
the ascent alone. As she mounted up
ward she said to herself: " : '
"The best thing for me to do is to get
a French phrase book on the way home
this evening, and begin studying:" 'Have
you the green pantaloons of the mill
er's mother?" "
The elation of his mood was still with.
Shackleton when, two hours later, he
alighted from .the. carriage at the step3.
of his country .house.. He went upstairs
to his own rooms with a buoyant. tread.
In his library, with the windows thrown
open to ' the soft, scented " air,' he' sat
smoking and thinking. ..The October,
dusk was closing in, when he heard the
wheels of '"a carriage on the drive and
the sound - of voices. _ Hi* women- folk
with the second of the Thurston girls—
the one guest the house now contained
—-were returning from the afternoon
round of 'visits that was : the main di
version of. their life. during .the, summer
months* and. swept the country houses
from Redwood City, to MenloPark.
It.was a small dinner table that even
ing. . Winslow had stayed in town over
ni§ht, ' arid Shackleton sat : at i the head
of a shrunken .board; with .Bessie oppo
site shim/ his daughter to the" left,* and
Pussy ¦ Thurston' on -his right. *•< Pussy
was Maud's best friend and was one of
the beauties r of } San ; Francisco. - To
night she looked especially pretty* in a
"Miss Moreau couldn't, and I have no
doubt, wouldn't leave her. It'll there
fore be necesary for the mother to go
to Paris with the girl, and if she is so
complete and helpless an invalid she'll
certainly be of no ; assistance to her
daughter — only a care."
"She'd undoubtedly be a care. But a
person couldn't separate those two.
They're wrapped up In each other. It's
a pity you don't know Mrs. Moreau,-
Mr. Shackleton."
' For the second time that afternoon
Mrs. Willers was conscious that words
she had. intended to be gently. Ingra
tiating had given mysterious offense to
her employer. Now he said, with, more
than an edge of sharpness to his words:
¦"I've no doubt it's a pity, Mrs. Will
ers. But there are so many things and
people it's a pity I don't know, that if
I came to think it over I'd probably fall
into a state of melancholia. Also, let
me assure you, that I haven't the least
intention of trying to I separate Mrs.
Moreau and her daughter. .What \ I'm
just how bothered about is the fact that
this lady. Is hardly of sufficient worldly
experience, and certainly has not suffi
cient strength to take care of the girl
in a strange country .7 ' -
"Well, no,',' said Mrs. Willers : with
slow reluctance, "it would' be the other
way- round, the girl - would be taking
care of her."
"That's exactly what I thought. The
only- was'] out of it will be to send some
"Ab to that; I 'don't know," she said.
"She's so much of an Invalid' that r she
rarely goes out. But with good care
she might be able to take a journey
and benefit by It. A sea trip.sometimes
cures people."
"You really did like it, then?" 6he
eaid to- Lepine with her most ingenuous
air.
He shrugged his shoulders, : with a
queer French expression of quizzical
amusement.
"It was a truly Interesting perfonn-
Mariposa looked from one to the other
v ith beaming eyes, hardly able to be
lieve it all.
"We were saying. Mademoiselle." he
said, "that you have unquestionably a
voice. The lower register. Is remarka
bly fine. Of course, it Is very, un
trained: absolutely in the rough. But
Signor Tojetti. here, finds that a strong
point in your favor."
"Signor Tojetti," said Shackleton,
"seems to think that two years of study
•w ould be ample to fit you for the oper
atic stage."
"Come down, quick! They think it's
fine. Oh, dearie," stretching up a help-
Ing hand as Mariposa swept her skirts
over the line of the footlights, "you did
fine. It was great. You've Just out
done yourself. And you looked stun
ning, too. I only wished the place had
been full. Heavens! but I thought I'd
die at first. While you 'were standing
there waiting to begin I felt seasick.
It was an awful moment. And you
looked just as cool! llr. Shackleton
don't say much, but I know he's tickled
to death."
They walked up the aisle as she
talked to where Shackleton and the two
men were standing in earnest conver
sation. As they approached !>epine
turned toward her and gave a slight
emile.
Mariposa walked toward the box,
feeling suddenly shy. As she drew
nearer she saw the woman's face more
distinctly. It was a dark French face,
Tvith a brunette skin warming to brick
dust red on the cheeks, set in a frame
of wiry black hair, and with a big
mouth that, laughing, showed strong
wtiite teeth, well separated. As Mari
posa saw it fairly in the light of an ad
jacent lamp she recognized it as that of
the Leonora of "II Trovatore." It was
the prima donna.
She started forward with flushing
cheek and held out a hesitating hand.
The fat. ungloved palms of the singer
closed on it with Gallic effusion. Mari
posa was aware of something delight
fully wholesome and kind in the broad,
ruddy visage, with its big, smiling
mouth and firm teeth like the halves
of cleanly broken hazelnuts. The sing
er, leaning over the rail, poured a
rumbling volume of French into the
girl's blushing, upturned face. Mari
posa understood it and was trying to
answer in her halting schoolgirl
phrases, when the voice of Mrs. Willers.
st the bottom of the steps, summoned
her.
exultation. She had never realized
what it was to sing before people who
knew and who listened in this way in
a place that was large enough.
When the last notes died away, the
tinkling of the piano sounding like the
frail specters of music after the tones
of the rich, vibrant voice, there was a
sudden noise of clapping hands. It
came from the box on the right, where
the woman in the ulster was leaning
over the rail, clapping, with her bare
hands held far out.
"Bra vat" she cried in a loud, full
voice. "Brava ! La belle voix! Et quei
volume! Brava!"
She bounced round on her chair to
look at the man beside her, and, lean
ing forward, clapped again, crying her
gay "brava."
The second song, "Loehabe'r." had
been chosen by Mariposa's teacher to
show off her lower register — those curi
ous, disturbing notes that were so deep
and full of vague melancholy. She had
gained such control as she had over her
voice and sang with an almost joyous
Mariposa raised her chest with a deep
inspiration. A sudden excited expecta
tion seized her at the thought of let
ting her voice swell out into the hushed
void before her. The listening people
s»*med so small and insignificant in it.
they suddenly lost their terror. She be
gan to sing.
It seemed to her that her first notes
were hardly audible. They seemed as
ineffectual as the piano. Then her
confidence grew, and delight with it.
She never before had felt as if she had
enough room. He/ voice rolled itself
out like a breaking wave, lapping the
walls of the building.
The first verse came to an end. The
accompaniment ceased. Lepine moved
in his distant seat.
"Continue. Mademoiselle." he said
sharply; "the second verse, if you
please. Again. Mr. Martinez."
Mariposa saw the woman in the box
look at the man beside her, raise her
eyebrows, and nod.
She began the second verse and sang
it through. As Its last notes died out
there was silence for a moment. In the
silence the Italian conductor rose and
came forward to where Lepine sat.
Mariposa, standing on the stage, saw
them conferring for a space. The Ital
ian talked in a low voice, with much
gesticulation. Shaekletcm and Mrs.
Willers were motionless and dumb.
The woman in the box began fo whis
per with the man.
"And now the second piece, if Made
moiselle has no objection." came the
voice of the impresario across the par
quet: "One cannot judge well from one
sime."
The first bars of the accompaniment
sounded thinly. Mariposa stepped for
ward. She could see in the shadowy
emptiness of the auditorium Lepine's
bald head where he sat alone, half way
up the house, and the two pale faces of
Rhackleton and Mrs. Willers. The
Italian conductor had left them and
was sitting by himself at one side of
the parquet. In the stillness, the notes
cf the piano v.ere curiously tinkling
and feeble.
"Quite ready." replied Mariposa.
hearing her voice like a tremulous
thread of sound in the stillness.
"Now. Mademoiselle." he said, speak
ing from the orchestra, "if you are
ready, come forward a little, nearer the
footlights there."
Mariposa moved forward. Her heart
was beating in her throat, and she felt
a sick terror at the thought of what her
voice would be like in that huge void
space. She was aware that the man
who had been reading the paper book
had closed it and was leaning his el
bow on the lamp stand, watching her.
She was also aware that a woman and
a man had suddenly appeared In the
lower procsnium box close beside her.
She ?aw the woman dimly, a fat, short
figure :n a light-colored ulster. Whis
pering to the man, she drew one of the
"Ineri -covered chairs close to the rail
its and seated herself.
"Is the lady ready?" said the pianist,
from his dark corner.
The hammering instantly ceased, ind a.
man In white overalls came and stared
at the stage. The impresario, charily
—being short and fat— descended the
stairs. ¦ .'.
"Why didn't you send Mrs. Brown for
me? I was in my room passing the time
till you woke up."
"I was thinking and I wanted to fin
ish. I have been thinking a long time,
days and weeks."
Mariposa thought her mind was wan
dering, and sitting down on a chair by
the bedside, took her hand and pressed
it gently without speaking. Her
mother lay in the same attitude, her
profile toward her. her eyes looking va
cantly at the screen. Suddenly she
said:
"You know my old desk, the little
rosewood one Dan gave me? Take my
keys and open It, and in the bottom
you'll see two envelopes, with no writ
ing. One looks dirty and old. Bring
them to me here."
Mariposa rose wondering, and looking
anxiously at her mother. The elder
woman «aw the look, and said weakly
and almost peevishly: - j
"Go; be quick. I am not strong
enough to talk long. The keys are in
the workbox." ''-*•;
The girl obeyed as quickly as possi
ble. The desk was a small one resting
on the center table. It had been a
present of her father's to her mother,
and she remembered lt-from her earli
est childhood in a prominent position
in'her mother's room. She opened It,
and in a few moments, under old let
ters, memorand" ad souvenirs, found
the two envelopes. Carrying them to
the bed she gave them to her mother.
Lucy took, them with. an unsteady
hand, and for a moment lay staring at
her daughter and not moving. Then
she said:
"Put the pillows under my head. It's
easier to breathe when I'm higher,"
and as Mariposa arranged them, she
added, in a lower voice: "And .tell Mrs.
Brown to so; I want to be alono with
you."
Mariposa looked out beyond the
screen, and seeing th» nurse still read-
The girl rose from the bed trying to
compose her face. In the light of the
open door the woman saw its distress
and lo-oked at her pityingly.
"Don't tire her," she said, "but I ad
vise you to say all you have to say. She
may not be this way again."
Maripcsa crossed tne room to the bed.
Her mother was lying on her side,
pinched, pale and with darkly circled
eyes.
"Have you just waked up, darling?"
said the girl, tenderly.
•Xo," she answered, with a curious
lack of response in manner and tone;
"I have been awake some time. I was
thinking."
A Japanese screen was half-way
about the bed. shutting it from the
drafts of the door, anil in its shelter
Lucy lay sleeping her light breathless
sleep. In this shaded light, in the re
laxed attitude of*nnconsciousness, she
presented the appearance of a young
girl hardly older than her daughter.
Yet the hand pf death was plainly on
her. as even Mariposa could now see.
Without sound th? girl passed from
the room to her own beyond. Her grief
had seized her, and the truth, fought
against with- the desperate inexperi
ence of youth, forced itself on her. Sha
threw herself on her bed and lay there
battling with the sickness of despair
that such knowledge brings. Twilight
faded and darkness came. In answer
to the servant's tap on the door, and
announcement of dinner, she called
back that she desired none-. The room
was as dark about her as her own
thoughts. From the door that led into
the sick chamber, only partly closed, a
shaft of light cut the blackness, and on
this light she fastened her eyes,
swollen with tears, feeling herself stu
pefied with sorrow.
As she lay thus on the bed, she heard
the creakins of the wicker-chair as the
nurse arose, then came the clink of the
spoon and the glass, and the woman's
low voice, and then her mother's
stronger and clearer than It had been
for some days. There was an Inter
change of remarks between nurse and
patient, the sound of careful steps, and
the crack of light suddenly expanded
as the door was opened. Against this
background, clear and smoothly yellow
as gold leaf, the nurse's figure waa re
vealed In sharp silhouette.
"Are you there, iliss Moreau?" she
said, in a low voice. Maripoaa started
with a hurried reply.
"Weil, your mother wants to see you
and you'd better come. Her mind
seems much clearer and it may not be
so 'again."
ter, Mrs. Willers had gone to the office
of The Trumpet, frowning in her sym
pathetic pain. It was Saturday, and
Shackleton had already left for Menlo
Park when she reached the office. But
she determined to see him early on
Monday and. tell him of the straits of
his old friend's widow and child. Mrs.
Wfllers knew the signs of the scarcity
of money, and knew also the over
whelming expenses of sickness. What
she did not know was that on Friday
morning Mariposa had wept over her
check book, and then gone out and sold
the diamond brooch.
The long Sunday — the interminable
day of strained anxiety — passed,
shrouded in rain. When her mother
fell into the • light sleep that now
marked her condition, Mariposa me
chanically went to the window of the
bedroom and looked out. It was one
of those blinding rains that usher in
the San Francisco winter, the water
falling in straight lances that show
against the light like thin tubes of
glass, anil strike the pavement with a
vicious impact which splinters them in
to spray. It drummed on the tin roof
above the bedroom with an incessant
hollow suund, and ran in a torn ribbon
of water frcm the gutter on the eaves.
The prospects that th? window com
manded seemed in dreariness to match
the girl's thoughts. That part of Pine
street was still in the unfinished condi
tion describe d by the v,ord3 "far out."
Vacant lots yawned between the
houses: the badly puved roadbed waa
an csparss of deeply ratted mud, with
yellow >jyr»ds of rain at the sewer
mouths. The broken wooden sidewalk
gleamed with moisture and was evenly
striped with lines cf vivid ?reen where
the srass sprouted between the boards.
Now and then a wayfarer hurried by.
crouched under the dome «>f an um
brella spouting water from every rib.
The gray twilight settled early, and
llariposa, dropping the curtain, turned
to the room behind her. The light of a
small fire ar.d a shaded lamp sen* u
softened glow over the apartment,
which, despite its poverty, bespoke the
taste of gentlewomen in the simple
prettiness of its furnishings. The
purse, a middle-aged woman of a kind
ly and capable aspect, sat by the fire in
a wicker rocking-chair, reading a pn
per. Bestde her, on a table, stood the
sickroom paraphernalia of glasses and
bottles. The regular cr^ak of the rL-e!:
ing chair, and an occasional snap from
the fire, were the only sounds that
punctuated* the steady drumming of the
rain on the tin roof.
An atmosphere of illness settled
down like a fog on .the . little cottage.
A nurse appeared; the doctors seemed
to be in the house many times a day.
Mrs. Willers, as, soon as she .hearth
came up, no longer overdressed and
foolish, ; but - grave and helpful. After
a : half hour spent at Lucy's bedside,
wherein- the sick woman had spoken
little, and then only about aer daugh-
But Lucy knew that she was dying.
Her feeble body had received Its coup
de grace on the day that Mrs. Willers
brought the news of Shaekleton's wish
to- see his child. Since then she had
spent long hours in thought. . When her
mind was clear enough she had pon
dered on the situation, trying to see
what was best to do for Mariposa's
welfare. The problem that . faced her
terrified her. The dying woman was
having the last struggle with herself.
One week after the recital at the
opera-house she had grown so much
worse that Mariposa had called In the
doctor they had had in attendance, .off
and on. since their j arrival. He was
grave and there, was a consultation.
When she saw their faces the cold
dread that had been slowly growing In
the girl's heart seemed suddenly to ex
pand and chill her -whole being. Mrs.
Moreau was undoubtedly very ill,
though there was still hope. Yet their
looks were sober and pitying as they
listened to the daughter's reiterated as
severations .that her.mother had often
been v.tnse and made a successful rally.
rH4PTFR VTT
. THE REVELATION.
Praised be the fathomless universe
For life and for joy and for objects and
knowledge curious.
And for love, sweet love— but praise, praise,
1 rirais-e.
For the sure-eimindlng arms of cool-enfolding/
Death.
The night in silence under many a star.
The ocean shore and the husky whispering
wave whose voice I hear.
And thp soul turning to thee, O vast and we'.l
veiled Death,
And the body gratefully nestling; close to
thee. — Whitman.
From the day when Mrs. Willers had
appeared with the news of Shackle
ton's interest in her daughter, Lucy's
health had steadily waned. The pro
cess of decay was so quiet, albeit so
sure and swift, that Mariposa, accus
tomed to the uj)s and downs of her
mother's invalid condition, was un
aware that the elder woman's sands
were almost run. The pale intensity,
the coldness of the hand gripped round
hers, that had greeted her account of
the recital at the opera-house, seemed
to the girl only the reflection of her own '
eager exultation. She was blind, not
only from ignorance, but from the
egotistic preoccupations of her youth.
It seemed impossible to think of her
mother's failing in her loving response,
now that the sun was rising on their
dark horizon.
Presently the sound of a piano floated
out from the music room. The man
stopped his pacing, listened for an in
stant, and then passed round to the
side of the house. The French windows
of the music room v.ere opened, throw
ing elongated squares of light over tha
balcony and the grass beyond. He
paused • in the darkness and looked
through c-ne of them. There, like a
painting framed by the window casing,
was Pussy Thurston seated at the pi
ano singing, whiJe Maud sat near by
listening.) One of Miss Thurston's
most admired social graces was the gift
of song. She had a small agreeable
voice, and had been well taught; but
the Sight, frail tones sounded thin in
the wide silence cf the night. It was
the_feebly pretty- performance of the
"accomplished young lady."
Shackleton listened with a slight
smile that increased as the song drew
to a close. As it ceased he moved
away, the red light of his cigar coming
and going In the darkness.
"Singing!" he said to himself, "they
call that singing! Wait till they hear
my daughter!"
The night was warm and odorous
with the scent of hidden blossoms.
Now and then his foot crunched the
gravel' of a path, as his walk took him
back and forth over the lone stretch of
lawn broken by flower beds and narrow
walks. The srreat bulk of the house,
its black mass illumined by congeries
of lit windows, showed an inky, irreg
ular outltne against the star-strewn
sky.
"Well, you and I. Pussy." said Shack
leton, "seem to be the only two who've
got any enthusiasm. You'll have to
try and put seme into Maud, and if the
worst comes to the worst we can kid
nap the old lady."
He was in an unusually good temper,
and the dinner was animated and
merry. Only Maud, after the Eu/opean
suggestion, grew more stolidly quiet
than ever. But shp cheered herself by
the thought that the. spring was six
months off yet, and who could tell what
might happen in six months?
After dinner the ladies repaired to the
music room, and Shackleton, following
a custom of his. passed through one
of the long windows into the garden,
there to pace up and down while he
smoked his cigar.
Maud did not like the thought of
going at all. In this little party of
four, two were moved in their actions
by secret predilections of which the
others were ignorant. Maud thought
of leaving her love affair at the critical
point it had reached, and, with a aguish
at her heart, looked heavily indifferent.
"I don't know." she said, crumbling
her bread, "I don't think it's such fun
in Europe. You just travel round in
little stuffy trains, and have to live in
hotels without baths." -
Mrs. Shackleton looked surprised and
no.t greatly elated. On their last trip
to Europe, two years before, her hus
band haf been so bored by the joys of
foreign travel that she had made up
her mind she would never ask him to
go again. Now she said:
"But you don't want to go to Europe.
You said last time you hated it."
"Did I? Yes. I guess I did. Well, I'm
prepared to like it this time. We could
take a spin over. in the spring tor Lon
don and Paris. We'd make quite a
stay in Paris, and you women could
buy clothes. You'd come, too, Pussy,
wouldn't you?" he said, turning to the
girl.
Her color rose now and her eyes
sparkled. She had never been even to
New*York.
"Wouldn't I?" she said. "That does
make me smile."
"I thought so," he answered good hu
mgredly — "and Maud, you'd like it, of
course?"
She was so used to such remarks that
her rose-leaf color did not vary the
fraction of a shade. Maud, to whom
no one ever paid compliments, looked
at her with wistful admiration.
"Is that all?" she said with an air of
disappointment. "I- hoped it was some
thing that would make us all smile."
"Well, I have an idea that may make
you all smile" — he turned to his wife —
"how would you like to go to Europe
next spring, Bessie?"
The man vouchsafed no answer, to
this remark for a moment; then he
said: i . ;
"The mother's health is very, delicate?
"Tojetti also thinks that the appear
ance of Mademoiselle is much in her
favor. She has an admirable stage
presence" — he, looked at Mariposa as if
she were 'a piece of furniture he was
appraising. "Her height alone is of in
estimable value. She would have at
least five feet eight or nine inches!"
At this moment the lady in the box.
who had risen to her feet, and was
leaning against the railing, called sud- -
denly:
"Lepine,' vraiment une belle voix, et
aussi une belle fille! Vous avez fait une
trouvaille." • . ¦
Lepine wheeled round to his star, who
in the shadowy light stood, a pale-col
ored, burly figure, buttoning her ulster
over her redundant chest.
"A moment," he said, apologetically
to the others, and. running to the box,
stood with his head back, talking to
her. while the prima donna leaned over
and a rapid interchange of French sen
tences passed between them.
Slgnor Tojetti turned to Mariposa,
and. with solemn effort, produced an
English phrase: .
"Eet ees time to went." Then he
waved his hand toward the stage. The
sound of feet echoed therefrom, and as
Mariposa looked, an irruption of vague,
spectral shapes rose from tome unseen
cavernous entrance and peopled the or
chestra.
"It's the rehearsal," she said. "We
must be going."
They moved forward toward the en
trance, the auditorium behind them be
ginning to resound with the noise of
the Incoming performers. A scraping
of strings came from the darkened or
chestra, and mingled with the tenta
tive chords struck from the piano. At
the door Lepine joined them, falling in
to step beside Shackleton and convers-
ing with him in low tones. Signor To
jetti escorted them to the brass rail and
there withdrew with low bows. The
ladies made out that the rehearsal de
manded his presence.
Once again in the gray light of the
afternoon they stood for a moment at
the curb waiting for the carriage.
Lepine offered his farewells to Mari
posa and his wishes to see her again.
"In Par!?," he said, giving his little
quizzical smile — "that is the place in
which I should like to see* Made
moiselle." * " ' 1
"We'll talk about that again," said
Shackleton; "I'm going to see Mr Le
pine before he goes and have another
talk about you. You see, you're be
coming a very important young lady."
The carriage rolled up and Mariposa
was assisted In, several street boys
watching her with wide-eyed interest
as evidently a personage of distinction.
Her face at the window smiled a ra
diant farewell at the group on the side
walk; then she sank back breathless
What an afternoon! Would the carriage
ever get her home, that she might poif
it all out to her mother! What a thrill
ing, wonderful, unheard-of afternoon!;
CHAPTER VI.
THE VISION AND THE DREAM.
'•For a dream cometh through the multitude
of business." — Eccleslaates.
As the carriage turned the corner into
Third street, Shackleton and Mrs.
Willers, bidding their adieux to Lepine,
started toward The Trumpet office. The
building was not ten minutes' walk
away, and both the proprietor and the
woman reporter had work there that
called them.
In their different ways each was ex-.
ceedingly elated. The man, with his
hard, bearded face, the upper half
shaded by the brini of his soft felt hat.
gave no evidence in appearance or
manner of the exultation that pos
sessed him. But. the woman, with her
more febrile and less self-contained na
ture, showed her excited gratification
in her reddened cheeks and the spark
ling animation of her tired eyes. Her
state of joyous triumph was witnessed
even in her walk, in the way she
swished her skirts over the pavements,
in the something youthful and buoyant
that had crept into the tones of her
voice.
"Well," she said, "that was an experi
ence worth having! I never heard her
sing so before. She Just outdid hsr
self."
"She certainly seemed to me to- sing
well. I was doubtful at the beginning,
not knowing any more about singing
than I "do about Sanskrit, as to whether
she really had as fine a voice as we
thought. But there don't seem to me
to be any doubt about it now."
"Lepine is quite certain, is he?"
queried Mrs. Willers, who had tried to
listen to the conversation between her
chief and the impresario on the way
out, but had been foiled by Maripvsa's
excited chatter.
"He says that she has an unusually
fine voice, which, with proper tra'ning,
would, as far as they can say no\v, be
perfectly suitable for grand- opera. It's
what they call a dramatic mezao-so
prano, with something particularly
good about the lower notes. Lepine is
to see jrne again before he goes."
"Did he suggest what she ought to
do?"
"Yes; he spoke of Paris as the best
place to send her. He knows some fa
mous teacher there that he says is the
proper person for her to study with.
H<; seemed to think that two years of
study would be sufficient for her. She'd
re ready to make her appearance in
grand cpera after that time." ¦
"Good heavens!" breathed Mrs. Will
ers in a transport of pious triumph,
'¦Just think of it! And now up in that
cottage on Pine street getting 50 cents
a lesson, and with only four pupils."
"In two years," eaid Shackleton. who
was speaking more to himself than to
her, "the'll be 27 years old— -just in her
r.rime." . .
•She'll be 26." corrected Mrs Willers:
"she's only 24 now."
He raised his brows with a little air
of an, used apology. •
"Twenty- four, is it?" he said. "WH1.
that's all the better. Twenty-six is one
year better than twenty-seven."
"It'll be like the 'Innocents Abroad'
to see her and her mother in , Paris,"
said Mrs. Willers. "They're Just two.
of the most unsophisticated females,
that ever stra yed out of the golden
age." • ") ;
ance, and after a period of study with a
good master It should be a truly de
lightful one."
The Italian, to whom these sentences
were only half Intelligible, now broke
In with a quick series of sonorous
phrases, directed to Lepine,' .but now
and then turned upon Shackleton.
Mariposa's eyes went from one to the
other in an effort to understand. • The
impresario, listening with frowning in
tentness. responded with a nod and a
word of brusk acquiescence. Turning
to Shackleton, he said:
She's quite an invalid, you say?"
"Quite. But she's one of the sweetest,
most uncomplaining women you ever
laid eyes on. You'd "understand . the
daughter better if you knew, the moth
er. She's so gentle and girlish. And
then they've lived round in such a sort
of quiet, secluded, way. 1 It's funny ..to
me because they had* plenty of- money
when Hr Moreau was alive. But ihey
never seemed to go into society, or
know many people; they, just seemed
enough for each other, especially -when
the father was with them. They sim
ply adored him, and he must have been
a fine man. They—" , . • •
"Is Mrs. Moreau's state of health too
bad to allow her to travel?" said
Shackleton, interrupting suddenly and
rudely. - •¦
Mrs. Willers 'colored' slightly. . She
knew her chief well enough to realize
that his tone indicated annoyance. "Why
did he so dislike , to hear^ anything
about the late Dan Moreau? ---
one with them. A woman who could
take care of them both, chaperone the
daughter and look after the mother."
There was a silence. Airs. Willers be
gan to. understand why. Mr. Shackleton
had walked down toVThe Trumpet office
with her. : The walk was over, for they
were at the office door, and the conver
sation .had- reached the point he had
evidently Intended' to "bring it before
they parted.
Ab they turned into the arched door
way and began the ascent of the stairs, -
Mrs.VWillers replied: / ,
"I think that would be a very good
idea, Mr. Shackleton. That is, if you
can find the right woman." ' .
"Oh, I've got her now," he answered,
giving; her a quick, "side-long . glance.
"I;thlnk it would be a good arrange
ment for all • parties. ' The Trumpet
wants a. Paris correspondent.
The door leading into the press rooms ;
opened , off the .-landing they: had
reached, and he turned into this .with a
pale green crape dress, with green
leaves in her fair hair. Her skin was of
a shell-like purity, of pink and white,
her face was small, with regular fea
tures and a sweet, childish smile. .
.She and her sister were the only chil
dren of the famous Judge Beauregard
Thurs'ton, in his day one of those bril
llant lawyers who brought glory to the
California bar. He had made a fortune,
lived on it recklessly and magnificently,
and. died leaving his daughters almost
penniless. He had been In the heyday
of his splendor when Jake Shackleton,
just struggling into the public eye,
had come to. San Francisco, and the
proud Southerner had not scrupled to
treat the raw mining man with careless
scorn. .Shackleton evened the score be
fore Thurston's death, and he still
Ecothea^hls wounded pride with the
thought that the two daughters of. the
man who had/once despised him were
largely dependent on his wife's charity.
Bessie took them to balls and parties.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL).
3(Continued Next Sunday.)
She had turned from this and was
standing by the fire when Essex en
tered. He had seen her once since her
mother's death, but she had then been
so preoccupied with grief that, with a
selfish man's hatred of all unpleasant
things, he had left her as soon as pos-~
sible. To-night he saw that she was re
covering, that, physically at least, she
was herself again. But he was struck,
almost as soon as his eye fell on her,
by a change In her. Some influence had
been at work to effect a subtile and cu
rious development in her. The simpli
city, the something childish and win
ning that had always seemed so Incon
sistent with her stately appearance,
was gone. Mariposa was coming to
herself. His heart quickened its beats
as he- realized she wa$ handsomer,
richer by some inward growth, more a
woman than she had been a month ago/
He took a seat at the other side of
the fire, and the tentative conversa
tion of commonplaces occupied them
for a few moments. The silence that
had held her In a spell of dread dejec
tion on his former visit was broken.
She seemed more than usually talka
tive. In fact, Mariposa was beginning
to feel the reaction from the life of
grief and seclusion of the last month.
She was violently ashamed of the sense
of elation that had surged up in her at
the sound of Essex's voice. She strug
gled to hide it, but it lit a light in her
eyes, called a color to her cheeks that
she could not conceal. The presence of
her lover affected herewith a sort of
embarrassed exultation that she , had
never experienced before. To hide It
she talked rapidly, looking into the fire,
to which she still held out her hands.
Essex, from the other side of the
hearth, watched her. He saw his ar
rival had made her nervous, and it only
augmented the sentiment that had been
growing in him for months. :'; ; j
She began to tell him of her move.
"I'm going to-morrow, in the after
noon. It's a queer place, an old house
on Hyde street, with a big pepper
tree, the biggest in ; the city, they say,
growing in the front garden. It was
once quite a fine house, long ago in the
early days, and was built by these peo
ple, the Garcias, when they still had
money. Then they lost it all, and now
the old ' lady and her son's wife take
"a few people, as the house is too big for
them and they are so poor. Young
Mrs. Garcia is a widow. Her husband
was killed in the mines by a blast."
To her intense surprise, Mariposa lis
tened to her with a flushed and frown
ing face of indignation.
"I won't go," she said, with sudden
violence.
"But, my dear!" expostulated Mrs.
Willers, "your whole future depends on
it. With such an influence to back you
as that, your fortune's made. And lis
ten to me, honey, for I know— It's not
an easy job for a woman to get on
who's alone and as good looking as you
are."
*'\ won't go," repeated Mariposa, an
gry and obstinate.
"But why not, for goodness' sake?"
in blank amaze. "What's come over
yc-u? Is it your mourning? You know
your mother's the last person v/ho'd
want you to sit indoors, moping like a
snail in a shell, when your future was
waiting for you outside the door."
Her promise rose up before Mari
posa's mental vision and checked the
angry reiteration that was on her lips.
She turned away, suddenly, tremulous
and pale.
"Don't talk about it any more." she
answered, "but I can't, go now. Per
haps later on, but not now — I can't go
now."
Mrs. Willers shrugged her shoulders,
and was wisely silent. Mariposa's grief
was making her unreasonable, that was
'all. To Shackleton she merely said that
the girt was too ill and overwrought to
see any one just yet. As soon as she
was/herself again Mrs. Willers would
bring her to The Trumpet office for the
interview that was to be the opening of
the new era. .
\ CHAPTER IX.
: HOW COULD HE?
Man Is the hunter; woman is his same.
The sletk and shining creatures of the chase.
We hunt them -for the beauty of their ekins;
They lov« us for it, and we ride them down.
— Tennyson.
The month of Mariposa's tenantry of
the cottage was up. It was the last
evening" there, and she sat crouched
over a handful of fire that burned in
the front parlor grate. The room was
half empty, all the superfluous furni
ture having been taken that morning
by a Jewish , second-hand dealer. In
one'eorner stood huddled such relics as
she had chosen to keep, and which
would be borne away on the morrow to
the Garcias' boarding-house. The mar
quetry sideboard was gone. It had
been sold to a Sutter-street dealer for
$25., The red lacquer cabinet, though
no longer hers, still remained. It, too,
would be carried away to-morrow
morning by its new owners. She looked
at it with melancholy glances as fhe
fire light found and lost its golden tra
ceries and sent sudden quivering
gleams along its scarlet doors. The
fire was less a luxury than an economy,
to burn the last pieces of coal in the
.bin.
. Bending over the dancing flames,
Mariposa held her hands open to the
blaze, absently looking at their backs.'
They were fine, capable hands, large
and while, with strong wrists and a
forearm so round that its swell began
half-way between elbow and wrist
bone. Pleased by the warmth that
soothed the chill always induced by a
sojourn in the front parlor, she pulled
up her sleeves and watched the gleam
of the fire turn the white skin red. She
was sitting thus, when a ring at the bell
made her start and hurriedly push her
sleeves down. Her visitors 'were so few
that she was almost certain of the
identity of this one. For all the griefs
of'the'last month she was yet a wo
man. She sprang to her feet, and as
/the steps of the servant sounded in the
hall, ran to the large mirror in the cor
ner a^d patted and pulled her hair to
the style she thought most becoming.
niless orphan
Mariposa did not think she would
mind. In the chaotic dimness of the
dismantled front parlor she looked like
a listless goddess who would not mind
anything. :•-¦-.
Mrs. Willers' thought her state of
dreary apathy curious and spoke of it
to Shackleton, whom she now recog
nized as the girl's acknowledged guard
ian. He had listened to her account of
Mariposa's broken condition with ex
pressionless attention.
"Isn't it natural, all things consid
ered, that a girl should be broken
hearted over the death of a 'devoted
•mother? And,. as I understand it, Miss
Moreau is absolutely alone. She has
no relatives anywhere. It's a pretty
bleak outlook."
"That's true. I never saw a girl left
so without connections. But she wor
ries me. She's so silent, and dull, and
unlike herself. Of course. It's been a
terrible blow. I'd have thought she'd
been more prepared."
He shrugged his shoulders, stroking
his short beard with his 'lean, heavily
veined hand. . It amused him to see'the
way Mrs. Willers was quietly pushing
him into the position - of the girl's
sponsor. And at the same time it
heightened his opinion of her as a wo
man of capacity and heart. She would
be an ideal chaperone and companion
for his unprotected daughter. '
"When she feels better," he said, , "I
wish you'd bring her down here again.
Don't bother her until she feels equal
to it. , But I want to talk to. her about
Lepine's ideas for her. I saw . him
again and he gave me* a lot of informa
tion about; Paris "and teachers and all
the rest of jifcV Before we make any
definite arrangements I'll have to see
her and' talk it all over."
Mrs. Willers went back triumphantly
to Mariposa to report this conversation.
It really seemed to clinch matters. The
Bonanza" King had instituted himself
her guardian _ and backer. It meant
fortune for Mariposa Moreau, the pen-
The days that followed her mother's
funeral passed to Mariposa like a serie»
of gray dreams, . dreadful, with an un*
familiar sense of wretchedness. The
preoccupation of her mother's illness
was gone. There were idle hours, when
she sat in her rooms and tried to real
ize the full meaning of Lucy's last
words. She .would sit motionless, star
ing before her, her heart feeling shriv
eled In her breast. Her life'^seemed
broken to pieces. She shrank from the
future, with the impossibilities she had
pledged herself to. And the strength
and inspiration of the beautiful past
were gone. AH the memories of that
happy childhood and young maiden
hood were blasted. It was natural that
the shock and the subsequent brooding
should make her view of the subject
morbid. The father that she . had
grown up to regard .with reverential
tenderness had not been hers. The
mother s who had been a cherished idol
had hidden a dark secret. And she,
herself, was an outsider from the home
she had so deeply loved— child of> a
brutal and tyrannical father — originally
adopted and cared for out of pity.
It was a crucial period in her life.
Old ideals were gone, and new ones not
yet formed. There seemed only ruins
about her, and 'amid these she sought
for something to cling to, and believe
in. With' secret passion she nursed the
thoughtifi£'.Eesex^-all shp.had left that
had notbeen swept! away in the deluge
of this' past .week, £{ \ ;
Fortunately for her; the business calls*
of the life of " a" woman 'left penniless
shook her froni her state of brooding
idleness. The' cottage was kers for a
month longer, and despite the impover
ished condition of the widow, there was
a fair amount of furniture still left in
It that was sufficiently valuable to be a
bait to the larger dealers. Mariposa
found her days varied by contentions
with men, who came to stare at the
great red lacquer cabinet and investi
gate the interior condition of the mar
quetry sideboard. When the month
was up, she was to move to >a small
boarding-house, kept by Spaniards
called Garcia, that Mrs. Willers, In her
varying course, included among her
habitats. The Garcias would not object
to her piano and practicing, and it was
amasingly cheap. Mrs. Willers herself
had lived there in one of her periods of
eclipse, and knew- them to be respecta
ble denizens of, a somewhat battered
Bohemia. /
. ."But you're going to be a. Bohemian
yourself, being a musical genius," she
said cheerfully. "So you won't mind
that."
All morning he sat in the library,
with frowning brows, thinking. At
noon he took the train for the city and,
so<;n after its arrival, dispatched to
Mariposa the $500. He had no doubt of
her accepting it, as It never crossed his
mind that Lucy, at the last moment,
might have told.
"Poor Lucy!" said Bessie, in- a low
voice. "But they say sheAvas very*
happy with Moreau. You can do some
thing for your— for the girl now."
"Yes," he said; "I'll think it over. I
won't be down to breakfast. Send up
some coffee." ,
He went upstairs and locked himself
in his library. He could not understand
why the news had arcected him so
deeply. It seemed to make him feel
sick. He did not tell Bessie that he had
gone upstairs because he felt too ill
and shaken to see any one.
mentarily stung by a scornful. word.
Bessie passed him and went but on
the balcc-ny. Her husband was still
sitting on the steps, the paper in his
hand.
," "What is it. Jake?" she said. "Win
says you're cross. Something gone
wrong?" . ' i
"Lucy's dead," he answered, rising to
his feet ana handing her the paper.
She paled a little as she read the no
tice. Then, raising her eyes, they met
his. In th"ls look was their knowledge
of the secret that both had struggled to
keep, and that now, at last, was theirs.
For the second fime In a half year*,
death had stepped in and claimed one
of the four whose lives had touched so
briefly and so momentously twenty-five
years before.
He dropped the paper on his knee and
sat staring . out into the garden. The
news was more of a shock than he could
have imagined it would be. Was It the
lately roused pride In his child that had
reawakened some old tenderness for the
mother? Or was it that the thought of
Lucy, dead, called' back memories of
that shameful past?
He sat, staring, till a step on the bel
cony roused him, and turning, he saw
his son. Win, though only 23, was of
the order of beings who do not look well
in the morning. He was slightly built
and thin and had a rasped, pink ap
pearance, as though he felt cold.
Stories were abroad that Win was dis
sipated, stories, by the way, that were
largely/ manufactured by himself. He
was at that age when a reputation for
deviltry has its attractions. -.In fact, he
was amiable, gentle and . far too lack
ing in spirit to be the desperate rake
he liked to represent himself. He had a
wholesome fear of his father, whose im
patience against him was not concealed
by surface politeness as in Maud's case.
Standing with his hands in his
trousers pockets, his chest hollowed,
his red-rimmed eyqs half shut behind
the pince-nez he always wore, and his
slight mustache not sufficient to hide
a smile, thef foolishness of which rose
from embarrassment, he was not a son
to fill a father's heart with pride.
"Howdy, Governor," he said, , trying
to be easy; then, seeing the paper in his
father's hand, folded back at, the death
notices, "anybody, new born,' dead, or
married this morning?".
His voice rasped unbearably on his
father's mood. : The man gave
him a look over his shoulder, with a
face that made the boy quail. ' .
• "Get away," he said, savagely; "get
in the house and leave me alone."
Win turned and entered the house.
The foolish 'smile was still on his lips.
Pride kept it there, but at heart he was
bitterly wounded.
At the foot of the stairs he met his
mother.
"You'd better not go out there," he
said, with a movement of his head in
the direction of his father; "it's as
much as your life's worth. The old
man'll bite your^ nose off If you do."
"Is your father cross?" asked Bessie.
"Cross? He oughtn't to be let loose
when he's like that."
"Something In the paper must have
upset him," said Bessie. "He was all
right this morning before he came
•down. Something on the stock mar
ket's bothered him." '
"Maybe so," said his son, with a cer
tain feeling. "But that's no reason why
he should speak to me like a dog. , He
goes too far when, he speaks" to me that
way. There isn't a servant in the house
would stand it."
He balanced back and forth on his
toes and heels, looking down, his face
flushed. It would have been hard to
say — such was the characterless insig
nificance of his appearance—whether he
was really hurt, as a. man would be in
this heart and his pride, or only mo-
threw it through the window, into the
mud of the street. She felt that her
horor of Shackleton augmented with '
every passing moment, gripped her
deeper with every memory of her
mother's words, and every moment's
perusal of the calm, dead face in its
surrounding flowers. " . - -
But her promise had been given. She
picked up .the money and put it away.
Her promise had been given. Already
she was beginning dimly to realize that
it would bind and cramp" her' for the
rest of her life. She was too benumbed
now fully to grasp its meaning, but she
felt feebly that she would be its slave
as long as he or she lived. But she had
given it.
The money lay untouched throughout
the next feu- days, Lucy's simple fu
neral ceremonies being paid for with
the proceeds of the sale of the diamond
brooch, which Moreau had given her in
the early days of theirjiappiness.
CHAPTER VIIL
IIS riPrDtl.
Flower o' the peach.
Death for us all, and hU own life for each.
— -Browning.
Jake Shackleton did not come up
from San Mateo on Monday, as Mrs.
Willers expected, and the first intima
tion he had of Lucy's death was the
short notice in the paper.
He had come down the stairs early on
Tuesday morning into the wide hall,
v.ith its doors thrown open to the fra
grant air. With the paper in his hand,
he stood in the balcony looking about
and inhaling the freshness of the morn
ing. The rain had washed the country
clean of every fleck of dust, burnished
every leaf, and had called Into being
blossoms that had been awaiting its
•summons.
From beneath the shade made by the
long, gnarled limbs of the live oaks, the
perfume Of the violets rose delicately,
their crowding clusters of leaves, a
clear green against the case of the
hoary trunks. The air that drifted
in from the idle, yellow fields beyond
was Impregnated with the breath of,
the tar weed — one of the most pungent
and impassioned odors nature has man
ufactured in her vast laboratory, char
acteristic scent to rise from the dry, yet
fecund grass lands of California. In
the perfect, crystalline stillness these
mingled perfumes rose like incense to
the new day.
Shackleton looked about him, the
paper in his" hand. He had little love
for nature, but the tranquil-scented
freshness of the hour wrung its tribute
of admiration from him. What an
irony that the one child he had, worth
having gained all this for, should be
denied it. Mariposa, thus framed,
would have added the last touch to the
triumphs of his life.
With an explanation of impatience he
sat down on the top step, and opening;
the paper, ran his glance down its col
umns. He had been looking over it for
several minutes before the death notice
of Lucy struck his eye.,~It~took : awayl
.his bfeath. He read it again, a.t first
not crediting it. He. was entirely un
prepared, having merely thought of
Lucy as "delicate." Now she was dead.'
"I've thought," his deep voice went
on, "that you cared for me — a little.
I've watched, I've desponded. But
lately— lately — " he leaned toward her
and lowered his voice — "I've hoped."
She still made no answer. It seemed
to her none was necessary or possible. ,
"Do you care?" he said, softly. I
She breathed a "yes" that only the
ear of love could have heard.
"Mariposa, dearest, do you mean it?"
He leaned over her and laid his han'd on
hers v His voice was husky and his
hand trembling. To the extent that
was in him he loved this woman.
"Do you love me?" he. whispered.
The "yes" was even fainter this time.
He raised the hand he held to his
breast and tried to draw her into his
arms.
She resisted, and turned on him a
pale face, where emotions, never stirred
before, were quivering. She was moved
to the bottom of her soul. Something
in her face made him shrink a little.
With her hand against his breast she
gave him the beautiful look of a wo
man's first sense of her surrender. He
stifled the sudden twinge of his con
science and again tried to draw her
close to him. But she held him off with
the hand on his breast and said — aa
thousands of girls say every year:
"Do you really love me?'*
"More than the whole world," he an
swered glibly, but with the roughened
voice of real feeling.
"Why?" she said with a tremulous
smile, "why should you?"
"Because you are you."
"But I'm just a small Insignificant
person here, without any relations, and
poor, so poor."
"Those things don't matter when a
man loves a woman. It's you I want,
not anything you might have or might
be."
"But you're so clever and have lived
everywhere and seen everything, and
I'm so-^so countrified and stupid."
"You're Mariposa. That's enough for
me."
"All I can bring you for my portion
Is my heart."
"And that's all I want."
"You love me enough to marry me?"
His eyes that had been looking ar
dently into her face, shifted.
"I love you enough to be a fool about
you. Does that please you?"
Her murmured answer was lost In the
first kiss of love that had ever been
pressed on her lips. She drew back
from it, pale and thrilled, not abashed,
but looking at her lover with eyes be
fore which his drooped. It was a sa
cred moment to her.
"How wonderful," she* whispered,
"that you should care for me."
"It would be more wonderful If I
hadn't." „
"And that you came now, when
everything was so dark and lonely.
You don't know how horribly lonely I
felt this evening, thinking of leaving
here to-morrow and going among
strangers." . !
That quivering pause which falls be
twejen a man and woman when the
words that will link or sever them for
life are to be spoken, held the room.
Mariposa felt the terrified desire to ar
rest-the coming words that is the
maiden's last instinctive stand for her
liberty. But her brain was confused,
and her heart beat like a hammer.
"With me," Essex repeated, as the
pause grew unbearable. "Is there no
happiness for you in that thought?"
She made no answer, and suddenly he
moved his chair close to her side. She
felt his eyes fastened on her and kept
hers on the fire. Her other offers of
marriage had not been accomplished
with this stifling sense of discomfort.
"It's — It's— rather a dilapidated sort
of . place," she continued after a mo
ment's pause, "but perhaps I'll get used
to it."
There was distinct pleading for con
firmation in this. Her voice was slight
ly husky. Essex, however, with that
perversity which marked all his treat
ment of her, said:
"Do you think you will? It's difficult
for a woman to accommodate herself to
such changed conditions — I mean a wo
man of refinement, like you. "
She continued feebly to make her
stand.
"But my conditions have changed so
much in the last two or three years. 1
ought to be used to it; it's not as if it
was the first time. Before my father
got sick we were so comfortable. We
were rich and had quantities of beau
tiful things like that cabinet. And as
they have gone, one by one, so we have
come down bit by bit, till I am left like
this."
She made a gesture to include the
empty room and turned back to the fire.
"But you won't stay like this," he
said, throwing a glance over the bare
walls.
"Don't you think so?" she said, look
ing into the fire with dejected eyes.
"You're kind to try to cheer me up."
"You can be happy, protected and
cared for. with your life full of sun
shine and joy—"
He stopped. Every step he took was
of moment, and he was not the type of
man to forgive himself a mistake.
Mariposa was looking at him, frowning
slightly.
"How do you mean?" she said.
"With my voice?"
"No," he answered, in a tone that
suddenly thrilled with meaning, "with
me."
"It sounds picturesque. Do they
speak English?"
"The senora. that's the old lady,
doesn't. ' She has lived here since before
the Gringo came, but she can't speak
any English at all. The daughter-in
law is an American, a Southerner. She
looked very untidy the day I went
there. I'm afraid I'll be homesick.
You'll come to see me sometimes, won't
you?"
There was no coquetry in the remark.
Her dread of loneliness was all that
spoke.
Ess.t-x met her eyes, dark and wist
ful, and nodded without speaking.
She looked back at the fire and again
spread her hands to it, palms out.
With a spring Mariposa snatched the
drooping body in her arms and cried
into the face, settling into cold rigidity:
"Yes — yes — I promise! All — anything.
Oh, mother, darling, look at me. I
promise."
She gently shook the limp form,* but
it was nerveless, only the head oscil
lated slightly from side to side.
"Mother, look at me," she cried fran
tically. "Look at me, not past me."
Come back to me. Speak to me, I
promise everything."
But there was no response. Lucy
lay, limp and white-lipped, her head
lolling back from the support of her
daughter's arm. Her strength was ez
hausted to the last drop. She was un
conscious.
The wild figure of Mariposa at the
kitchen door summoned Mrs. Brown.
Lucy was not dead, but dying. A few
moments later Mariposa found herself
rushing hatless through the rain for the
doctor, and then again, in what seemed
a few more minutes, standing soaked
and breathless, by her mother's side.
She sat there throughout the night,
holding the limp hand and watching
for a glimmer of consciousness in the
half-shut eyes.
It never came. There was no rally
from the collapse which followed the
mother's confession. She had lived till
this was done. Then, having accom
plished the great action of her life, she
had loosed her hold and let go. Once,
Mrs. Brown being absent, Mariposa had
leaned down on the pillow and pas
sionately reiterated the assurance that
she would give the promise Lucy hed
asked. There was a slight quiver of
animation in the dying woman's face
and she opened her eyes as if startled,
but made no other sign of having heard
or understood. But Mariposa knew
that she had promised.
On the evening of the day after her
confession Lucy died, slipping away
quietly as if in sleep. The death of the
simple and unknown lady made no rip
ple on the surface of the city's life.
Mrs. Willers and a neighbor or two
were Mariposa's sole visitors, and the
only flowers contributed to Lucy's
coffin were those sent by the news
paper woman and Barry Essex. The
afternoon . of the day on which her
mother's death was announced, Mari
posa received a package from Jake
Shackleton. With it came a short note
of condolence, and the offer, kindly
and simply worded, of the small sum
of money contained in the package,
which, it was hoped, Miss Moreau, for
the sake of the writer's early acquaint
ance with her parents and Interest in
herself, would accept. The packet con
tained 1500 in coin.
Mariposa's face flamed. The money
fell through her fingers and rolled
about on the floor. She would have
liked to take it, piece by piece, and
Her voice suddenly hesitated and
broke. A gray pallor ran over her face
and a look of terror transfixed her eyes.
She straightened her arms out toward
her daughter.
"Promise," she gasped, "promise."
"Don't blame him, dear; the past is
over. Forgive him. Forgive me. If I
sinned there were excuses for me. ' I
had suffered too much. I loved too
well."
"Oh, mother, don't ask me. What
have you just told me? That he sold
you to a stranger for a pair of horses,
left you to die in a cabin in the moun
tains! That's not my father. My father
was Dan Moreau. I can do nothing
but hate that other man now."
"Oh, that beautiful winter! There is
a God, to be so good to women who
have suffered as I had."
Mariposa sat dumbly regarding her.
It was like a frightful nightmare.
Everything was strange, the sickroom,
the bed with the screen around it, her
mother's face with its hollow eyes and
pinched nose. Only the two old dirty
papers on the white counterpane
seemed to say that this was real.
Lucy's eyes, which had been looking
back into that glorified past of love and
youth, returned to her daughter's face.
"But Jake is your father," she said.
"That's what I had to tell you. He'll
be good to you. That was why he
wanted to find you and help you."
"Yes," said llariposa, dully, "I un
derstand that now; that was why ht
wanted to help me."
"He'll be good to you," went on the
low, weak voice, interrupted by quick
breaths. "I know Jake. He'll be
proud of you. You're handsome and
talented, not weak and poor spirited,
as I was. You're his only legitimate
child; the others are not; they were
born in California, They're Bessie's
children, and I was his only real wife.
You'll let him take care of you? Oh,
Mariposa, my darling, I've told you all
this that you might understand and let
him take care of you."
She made a last call on her strength
and leaned forward. Her dying bo&y
was revivified; all her mother's agony
of love appeared on her face. In de
termining to destroy the illusions of
her child to secure her future, she had
made the one heroic^ effort of her life.
It was done, and for a last moment of
relief and triumph she was thrijlingly.
alive.
Maripsoa, in a spasm of despair,
threw herself forward on the bed.
"Oh, why did you tell me? Why did
you tell me?" she cried. "Why didn't
you let me think it was the way it used
to be? Why did you tell me?"
Lucy laid her hand on the bowed
head.
"Because I wanted you to understand
and let him be your- father."
"My father! That man! Oh, no, no!"
"You must promise me. Oh, my be
loved child, I couldn't leave you alone.
It seemed as if God had said to me,
'Die* In peace. • Her father will care for
her.' I couldn't go and leave you this
way, without a friend. Now I can rest
in peace. Promise to let him take care
of you. promise."
She stopped, a look of ineffable sweet
ness passed over her face, and she said
in a low* voice, as if speaking to her
self:
In all winter, and we lived as man and
wife. In the spring we rode into Hang
town and were married."
ing the paper, told her to go to the
kitchen and set her dinner. The wo
man rose with alacrity, and asking
Mariposa to call her If the invalid
showed signs erf fatigue, or any change,
Jeft the room.
The girl turned back to the bedside
and took the chair. Lucy had taken
from the dirty envelope a worn and
faded paper, which she slowly unfolded.
As she did so, she looked at her daugh
ter with sunken eyes and said:
••These are my marriage certificates."
Mariposa, again thinking that her
mind ¦ was wandering, tried to smile,
and answered gently:
•Tour marriage certificate, dear. You
were only married once."
"I was married twice." said Lucy,
and handed the girl the two papers.
Still supposing her mother slightly
delirious, the daughter took the papers
and looked at them. The one her eye
first fell on was that of the original
marriage. She read the names with
out at first realizing whose they were.
Then the significance of the "Lucy Fra
•?er' came upon her. Her glance leaped
to the second paper, and at the first
sweep of her eyes over It she saw it
was the marriage certificate of her
father and mother, Daniel Moreau and
Lucy Fraser, dated at Placerville twen
ty-five years before. She turned back
to the other paper, now more than be
wildered. She held it near her face, as
though it were difficult to read, and in
the dead silence of the room it began
to rustle with the trembling of her
hand. A fear of something hideous and
overwhelming seized her. With pale
lips she read the names, and the date,
antedating by five years the other cer
tificate.
"Mother!" she cried, in a wild voice
of Inquiry, dropping the paper on the
bed.
Lucy, raised on her pillows, was look
ing at her with a haggard intentness.
All the vitality left in her expiring body
seemed concentrated in her eyes.
"I was married twice," she said slow
l.v-
"But how? When? What does it
mean? "Mother, what does it mean?"
"I was married twice," she repeated.
"In St. Louis to Jake Shackleton, and
in Placerville, five years after, to Dan
Moreau. And I was never divorced
from Jake. It was not according to the
law. I was never Dan's lawful wife."
The girl sat staring, the meaning of
the words slowly penetrating her brain.
She was too stunned to speak. Her
face was as white as her mother's. For
a tragic moment these two white faces
looked at each other. The mother's,
with death waiting to claim her, was
void of all stress or emotion. The
daughter's waking to life was rigid
with horrified amaze.
Propped by her pillows, Lucy spoke
again; her sentences were short and
with pauses between:
"Jake Shackleton married me in St.
Louis when I was 15. He was soon
tired of me. We went to Salt Lake
City. He became a Mormon there, and
took a second wife. She was a waitress
in a hotel. She's his wife now. He
brought us both to California twenty
five years ago. On the way across, on
the plains of Utah, you were born. He
is your father, Mariposa."
She made an effort and sat up. Her
breathing was becoming difficult, but
her purpose gave her strength. This
was the information fhat for weeks she
.had been nerving herself to impart.
! "He is your father," she repeated.
"That's what I wanted to tell you."
Mariposa made no answer, and again
she repeated:
"He is your father. Do you under
stand? Answer me."
"Yes— I don't know. Oh, mother, it's
so strange and horrible. And you sit
ting there and looking at me like that,
and telling it to me! Oh. mother! "
She put her hands over her face f .r
an instant, and then dropping them,
leaned over on the bed and grasped her
mother's wrists.
"You're wandering in your mind. It's
just some hideous dream you've had in
your fever. Dearest, tell me it's not
true. It can't be true. Why, think of
you and me and father always together
and with no dreadful secret behind us
like that. Oh— it can't be true!"
Lucy looked at the papers lying
brown and torn on the white quilt.
Mariposa's eyes followed the same di
rection, and with a groan her head
sank on her arms extended along the
bed. Her mother's hand, cold and
light, was laid on one of hers, but the
dying woman's face was held in Its
quiet, unstirred apathy, as she spoke
again:
"Jake was hard to me on the trip.
He was a hard man and he never loved
me. After Bessie came he got to dis
like me. I was always a drag, he said.
I couldn't seem to get well after you
were born. Coming over the Sierras we
stopped at a cabin- Dan was there
with another man, a miner, called
Fletcher. That was the first time I
ever saw Dan."
Mariposa lifted her head and her eyes
fastened on her mother's face. The in
difference that had held it seemed
breaking. A faint smile was on her
lips, a light of reminiscence lit its gray
pallor.
"He was always good to anything
that was sick or weak. He was sorry
for me. He tried to make Jake stop
longer, so I could get rested. But Jake
wouldn't. He said I had to go on. I
couldn't, but knew I must, If he said
it. We were going to start when Jake
said he'd exchange me for the pair of
horses the two miners had in the shed.
So he left me and took the horses."
"Exchanged you for the horses? Left
you there sick and alone?"
"Yes, Jake and Bessie went on with
the horses. I stayed. I was too sick
to care."
She made a slight pause, either from
weakness, or in an effort to arrange
the next part of her story.
"I lived there with them for a month.
I was sick and they took care of me.
Then one day - Fletcher stole all the
money and the only horse and never
came back- We were alone there then,
Dan and L I got better. I came to love
him more each day. We were snowed
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
4failed to respond to the cry, and very
generously, too. Her call was not spe
cific, but no . matter 'what it- might
chance to be we will meet it whether
it will be for money, nurses or hospital
supplies.
There are two ways of obtaining all
we need, "in the first place, the mem
bership is very large and, of course,
they are always the first to put their
hands^dowh deep into their pockets
and bring them, up well filled. Besides
the philanthropic .of . every station,
rich and poor, come forward with their
portion, and even the 'children are a
great assistance, so It really Isn't such
a difficult matter to raise large sums
of money. *
The question of nurses and doctors
is one; that is very easily and simply
answered. ' too. They', freely give their
services and are transported* from One.
place to; another free of expense. As
to_ provisions of all kinds, .much has
been voluntarily given . by j merchants,
and when we 'feel that bur supply la
not as large as we -would like': it* to, be
all we "are obliged to do : is to ; let it be
known ! and the [necessary articles are
straightway forthcoming and In abun
dance. Occasionally a canvass is made
if we are in a ' great hurry .or the de
mand has been unusually large and
expensive, : but as a rule the news
THOSE "who know little or nothing
about the workings of the Red
Cross think that the members
have stopped their labor, in fact.
that they are not called upon to
do anything these days, but such is not
the case. In reality they have never
ceased their work and are still at their
post of, duty, for they are
keeping up their hospital duties,
aiding discharged. disabled sol
diers and cheering those who are
about to leave their native land for
an indefinite length of time. Perhaps
the casual observer thinks that there
is little to do. and of a truth, the task
is not an arduous one, yet it takes more
time and strength than one is apt to
think. Literature and trifling remem
brances are luxuries after one has
seen nothing but water, water for sev
eral weeks, and in this simple way we
try to make the boys' Journey a pleas
ant one. :
In the midst of all .this ceaseless
work Clara Barton has. issued a call
to all the Red Cross societies to hold
themselves in readiness to respond. to
the Eastern cry and, as a consequence,
the local societies are quietly gathering
together their force3 and will : be ; ready
to respond quickly if necessary. These
It means that they accomplish some
thing. On account of the great dis
tance it is doubtful whether doctors
and nurses would be sent, as we hope
to hear* that the struggle is over every
day; but notwithstanding all this we
have not neglected this end of it and
could -be able to ' lay our hands upon
the required number of volunteers with
in a few hours notice and have them on
their way as soon as need be.
Unfortunately, hospital supplies and
nourishing, tempting foods are the
things that usually run short before tha
fact is fully realized, and in all proba
bility this would-be one of the things
specified for us of the West.
No nation does as much for their
soldiers as the United States, but not
withstanding all this there is great
"need for the society among them, and
evenjf we were called upon to turn out
one "and .all in the cause of another
country or. countries, , I believe. I can
truthfully. say that not one iota of out
work at home :• would be neglected,
for the more we have to do the more
we can do and the better, we can do It,
or at least, from past experiences, such
has seemed to be the case.
MRS.' ADA VAN PELT,
Vice-President Oakland Committee and
Chairman \ at I Hospital Committee.
workers, who have been .trained by
years of experience, are prepared and
willing to reach out a helping hand
to aid suffering humanity from what
ever direction the cry may come. The
Oakland society is already planning to
.give an entertainment "for the purpose
of Increasing its finances so it will be
in a position to lend substantial aid
when the demand finally arrives. Suf
" f ering humanity is the rfnly cause the
Red Cross knows or understands and
the nationality of the sick or wounded
is never considered for a single in
stant.
To be sure, the society is largely de
pendent upon voluntary contributions,
and when Clara Barton wrote to us it
was to ask if we of this coast would
be willing to render any assistance that
might be asked of us. Evidently she
was not absolutely certain and perhaps
she fancied that we had been fright- ;
ened by our last experienced for the
work was . very heavy and . we were
kept more than busy. ., But. when our
answer went back it was a big. "yes,"
and then we* straightway set- to 1 work
to see , that our forces were strength
ened in every possible direction^".
The principle of the organization ap
peals strongly to the hearts of the peo
ple . and not . in all \ history have they.
spreads like wildfire and we are kept
busy receiving and taking, care of .the
contributions that pour in from, every
where. * " . ¦
Whether the people would give as
'freely for the Japanese-Russian cause
has not been - widely demonstrated as
yet, but I think there is not the slight
est doubt of it. The Red Cross is the
same the world over— always inte.nt on
relieving the suffering and .making life
a little easierfor those who are down
en their luck, and whether it happens
to be our own boys or somebody's else
should make no difference. And i it doe3
not to other nations. Already England
and Germany have ¦ responded with
material aid and certainly we should
be ready to do as much. . .
But whether we will be called upon
to do anything at all-is still unsettled.
as Japan has one of the best organized
Red/ Cross ! societies in the. world and
they have splendldlyi equipped . hospi
tals and hospital ships, besides any
quantity of nurses who are already
upon the field and are engaged in active
work.. . » ¦•;-..'
Clara Barton did not tell us to pre
parei any special line, but to be in readi
ness and \ as money means quickness
and dispatch, all the societies of 'this
coast have been working toward that
end and • when they realljr . get to work
WHAT THE LOCAL RED CROSS IS DOING
of strange, pathetic echoes. In the
summer of 1865 she went to Ander
sonville under instructions from • the
Secretary of War for the purposa of
identifying the £ead and laying out
the first national cemetery. Four years
of incessant work followed, devoted ex
clusively to searching for missing men
who had been killed, and of whom no
trace could be found upon the Govern
ment records, and the result of her in
vestigation was that eighty thousand
missing men were added to the rec
ords.
A total collapse at tha end of this
arduous work necessitated a rest and
change of scene, and she was ordered
to Europe, where she came in contact
with the Red 'Cross and its work for
the first time. And here the history of
the Red Cross in relation to this coun
try may be said to commence. The
fame of her war record and the stu
pendous work she had just completed
were fresh in the minds of European
philanthropists when she arrived in
Geneva, where the Red Cross . Society
had originated ' some years before.
She was waited upon by, the Presi
dent 'of the little republic and the
members of the International commit
tee for the . relief of the wounded in
close a hint of aught that might
frighten or chill the blood. Her po
sition in this matter Miss Barton ex
plained.
"To relate a painful Incident, or to
depict a scene of horror, whether that
horror be physical or moral, always
seemed revolting to me. Besides, it is
useless. It only arouses the latent
morbidity of the public and does little
toward arousing sympathy and help."
Miss Barton would talk freely, how
ever, about the Red Cross and, its
work, and in her clear, steady, rich
voice and with. a soft light shining in
her fine old eyes — eyes that are large
and clear and hazel in color — she
touched briefly upon the events of her
early life until she became associated
with the movement.
She told of the childhood spent in
her native New England, of starting
out to teach school at the age of 13,
and of her entry into Washington
some years later to nil the first Gov
ernmental department position ever
given to a woman by the United
States. One memorable morning word
came to her as she was working in
her department that the Sixth Massa
chusetts regiment had been attacked
in the streets of Baltimore on its way
to the front. She instantly dropped
her -work and stepped boldly out into
the' stream that was to bear her into
the vortex of the Civil War.
The career of Clara Barton during
this period forms a brilliant page of
the history of American womanhood.
At any Grand Army post in the coun
try one may gather moving lines of it,
told by veterans In strange voices, full
in the cause which has made her name
and fame world wfde. On the wall are
the photographs of great historic scenes
in which she has played her gentle
part of ministering angel to the suf
fering and afflicted— line drawings and
old-fashioned engravings showing her
on the battlefields of Antietam, Peters
burg, the Wilderness and others of the
terrible scenes of carnage through
which she passed in her four years'
continuous service during the Civil
War.
There are reminiscent pictures of the
Franco-German war of a few years
later— Hagenau, Metz, Strasburg and
the fall of the Commune, when she led
the first hospital relief into the van
quished city of Paris. There are scenes
of the Johnstown disaster, of the Michi
gan forest firep, of yellow fever epi
demics, the South Sea Islands hurri
cane, the Armenian massacres and of
the recent Spanish-American War.
There are the inscribed photos of
kings and queens and royal princes and
princesses of a half dozen different na
tions, to whose subjects Miss Barton
has some time or other rendered ser
vice.
Of herself it is almost impossible to
induce Miss Barton to talk, save in
the most impersonal way and upon
the most trifling incidents in her ca
reer. Of her actual experiences, in the
field it is proverbial that no man or
woman has ever heard her relate a
single concrete incident of all the
numberless frightful and highly sen
sational episodes to which she has
been an eyewitness: nor can the most
persistent friend persuade her to dis-
war. They wished to learn why the
United States had declined to sign the
treaty of Geneva, which provided that
all wounded and sick soldiers and all
surgeons and nurses attending them,
. all hospitals and supplies for their con
sumption, should be held neutral and
¦ sacred by both armies. 1
r - . •
This treaty, upon which the Red
Cross Society was founded, had twice
been formally presented to the Gov
ernment at Washington, in 1864 and in
186S, and had been rejected In both in
stances, and no satisfactory or ade
quate reason had been given by the
nation for the course pursued.
Miss Barton immediately set about
to study the Red Cross Idea in all its
details, with a view to urging our
Government to action immediately
upon her return. While she was en
gaged in her labors France declared
war against Prussia. This was in 1S70,
and within three days Miss Barton,
still broken in' health, had stepped Into
the ranks of the Red Cross and was
en route to the scene of war to take
up the .same work she had performed
in the Civil War.
In all the great battles of this .bloody
war sht took a leading part in caring
for the sick and wounded. She worked
in Paris through the winter of the siege
and through all the horrors ofc the com
mune, and at the close of the war, after
King William of Germany had been
proclaimed Emperor in the palace at
Versailles, she organized a complete
system of relief camps throughout the
distressed cities of France.
Her reputation had now become world
wide, and when she returned in 1873
she not only brought back an Intimate
knowledge of the Red Cross, but she
hadteen decorated with the Iron Cross
of Prussia, bestowed by Emperor 'Wil
liam and Express Augusta, and the
Gold Cross of Remembrance from the
Grand Duke and Duchess of Baden.
Her European work she had passed
over to the central committee of Ge
neva and to the rulers of European na
tions in order to devote herself to the
organization of a similar society in this
country. After > five years* work she
succeeded in getting Congress and the
United States executive forces to listen
to her appeal and permit this country
to become signatory to the treaty of
Geneva.
"It seems incomprehensible that it
should have taken a humane and
Christian land so long to make up its
mind upon a subject so universally -ap-
TEN* miles above Washington city,
on the Maryland shore of the Po
tomac, stands Red Cross, the
home of Clara Barton, and like
wise the official home of the great in
stitution from which it derives its sym
bolic name. A cluster of white build
ings, standing against a wooded back
ground, . now leafless and bare. Red
Cross is in full view of the suburban
trolley line along which a single car
whizzes everv half hour to and from
the capital, and this time of vear it
presents to the eye of the trolley-car
passenger an ideal picture — ideal not
only as a bit of concrete midwinter
landscape, but suggesting a certain
spiritual ideality of meaning.
Nothing further removed from war
or from pestilence and disaster could
possibly be imagined than the peaceful
landscape which surrounds the execu
tive machinery of that society whose
mission it is to bring relief to battle
field, to stricken city and to calamity
wasted territory anywhere and every
where all over the world. ,
The boov covered field, the quiet.
*t«*el blue ice-bound river beyond, and
th«* distant perspective of violet Vir
ginia hills, with hints of comfortable
farms in the interlying valleys — these
Fpeak of prac and health and happi
ness enoogn to supply the whole earth.
and out of them through several dec
ades bai help gone from time to time
to all over the earth.
The particular house in which Miss
Barton lives and works flies the well
known rted Cross flag, and it was here
I ?ou::d her one day last week sittting
at a desk piled hicb with correspond
ence. I arrived Just in time to see two
young women retire with so/newhat
disappointed faces. When the door had
closed behind them Miss Barton
spoke.
"Poor sirls! They wanted me to take
them to Japan with me as Red Cross
nurses." There was a tone of dry good
humor in the rich, deep voice, and a
suggestion of suppressed merriment
played about the fine, tender, sympa
thetic mouth, which, next to her eyes,
it Miss Barton's most characteristic
feature. It is a large, mobile mouth,
and its lips are transversed with deli
cate little wrinkles which Impress one
with the delightful sense of owing their
origin not to Miss Barton's seventy-five
busy. care-la<!en years, but to an old
fashioned sense of decorum which for
bids her giving full expression to a
keen sense of the humorous and ridic
ulous.
In each one of those thousand little
vrinkles one seems to read the con
sciousness, the eyewitness of a funny
incident happening in the midst of grim
tragedy and under circumstances where
it would have been little short of sac
rilege to laugh, even to smile. Miss
Barton pointed to the piled up letters
on her desk, and the tremulous smile
¦was row no longer repressed.
"Poor girls! Every one of them wants
to go with me to Japan. They seem
to think I am recruiting an army of
nurses, ar.d they take it as a matter
of course that I shall invade Japan.
It has been the same in every war.
The Red Cross appears to these foolish
young women as offering an excellent
opportunity to get away from home
and go- in quest of strange adventures.
As a matter of fact, I doubt very much
whether Japan will have any need of
the Red Cross during the present war.
They have one of the finest Red Cross
societies in the world, and there are
no women in the world better fitted
as nurses than the Japanese women.
They have a natural tenderness, a gen
tleness, a skill in such matters which
perhaps exceed those of most other
nations.
"The only contingency in which it
would be possible that the Red Cross
would go to Japan would be in case
she Japanese resources would not prove
sufficient in numbers. In such event,
of course, the Red Cross of America,
will offer immediate assistance/just as
tbn :*..d Cross societies of the other na
tions will all come to lend a helping
hand." *
The room where we were sitting was
rrivate office and fitting-room com
bined. Clara Barton's innermost shrine
and sanctum, and within Its four walls
were the trophies and memoirs of more
than forty-three years of active service
pealing to the heart and conscience of
mankind." said Miss Barton. "It seems
to.be the fate of every humanitarian
movement to meet at first an incom
prehensible opposition. In this respect
the Red Cross Inovement shared scarce
ly- less indifference and contempt than
had the abolitionist movement some
years before.
"To-day wherever in the world there
is need of aid |n time of war the Red
Cross Society of America is ready at a
few hours' notice to dispatch supplies
and nurses to aid its sister societies
wherever they may be laboring, wheth
er in Japanese or Russian territory,
and no matter where we may be needed
we are sure of safe and speedy escort
through the enemies' lines.
"The Red Cross kneva no friend, no
foe. It docs not recognize the word
enemy, and, thanks to the treaty of
Geneva as well as to the popular senti
ment of all the nations, it is regarded
as a strictly neutral body, with full
power to go whither it sees fit.
"As things look, it seems as if Russia
is to have a lens and bloody war with
Japan, anil it is difficult for the aver
age newspaper reader to realize how
vastly the hospital field service has
been improved since the days, for in
stance, of our Civil War. To-day no
'Jap,' no Cossack will lie uncared for
on the battlefield nor unfed in the hos
pital camp. It is hard for any one to
realize the strides in the humane con
duct of war since the days of the Pe
ninsula in McClcllan's campaign, of
Pittsburg Landing, Cedar Mountain,
Second Bull Run. Antictam and ter
rible old Fredericksburg, with its acres
of snow covered fields and its fourth
day flag of truce; of its dead and starv
ing wounded frozen to the ground and
our commissions and their supplies in
Washington, with no effective organ
ization to go beyond; of the Petersburg
mine, with its 4000 dead and wounded
and no flag of truce, the wounded
broiling in a July sun, and then dying
and rotting where .they fell.
"I remember our prisons — Libby, An
dersonville and others, all crowded with
starving men, whom all the powers
and pities of the world could not reach,
even with a bit of bread. The Red
Cross exists to-day, not because there
has ever been conscious lack of indi
vidual kindness in times of war and
distress, but because there has been
and always is a lack of system govern
ing individual charity. Without sys
tem individual efforts in anything
count for very little."
As Miss Barton talks one become3
impressed with the consciousness that
she is a veritable stickler for system
and order, even into the minute details
of everyday life and conduct. There
is pleasing precision about her trim,
spare little figure and neatness shim
mers from the very texture of her
black satin gown. She was dressed for
an afternoon call which was to be
made later In the day, which fact ac
counted for the satin gown and the
splendid amethyst brooch worn at the
throat, a gift from her long time Inti
mate friend, the Grand Duchess of
Baden.
On the table, scattered among the
photographs of princes and prin
cesses, were a few books — old-fash
ioned poets and two modern novels.
"Are you a great reader. Miss Bar
ton?" I asked, expecting the usual
conventional appreciations and one or
two overpowering enthusiasms.
"Xo," replied the lady, decidedly.
"I am not a great reader. 1 don't
read much of anything."
"You are too busy now, of course,
but you have read much in the past?"
and the question was sincere, for in
desultory conversation Miss Barton
seems to be tinctured with the litera
tures of all the lands. The insistence
upon the subject did not meet with a
cordial reception, however, and she
shook her head impatiently.
"No, I do not read much now, and
I never have read a great deal — that
is, judged by the way the people of to
day devour books. Reading in my
young days was a sort of recreation,
although it could be hardly called a
fashionable recreation. There weren't
so many books to read, and there was
not nearly so much time to read them.
Perhaps I might have read more had
I not been so busy all my lite I must
confess, though, that books are not
much to my taste, not much more
than theology is."
Again Miss Barton's delicate little
wrinkles began to show signs of sup
pressed merriment.
"You are not a church woman, then,
although you did come from New Ens
land?"
' "No, I am simply a well disposed
pagan."
"You will probably be a Japanese
sympathizer, then?"
Miss Barton shot a humorous flash
across the table toward a particular
picture, which showed her standing
side by side with a fierce admiral in
full dress uniform.
"Oh, no," said she. "I love the Rus
sians, and I could not take sides against
them, even If the Red Cross were not
an avowedly neutral body. The Rus
sians I have found to be the tenderest
hearted people in the world, especially
the Russian soldiers, and I have met
a great many of them. Why, the last
time I was in St. Petersburg I stood
up and had my picture taken along
side of Admiral Kosmokofl.'and there
it is."
Reposing: in no greater security than
that offered by a bureau drawer Miss
Barton has a collection of jewels that
would make a society queen envious,
each and every one of them a token
from the royalty of the Old World.
There are splendid bracelets, and
pearl and topaz brooches from Prus
sian princesses, innumerable gems from
the Duchess of Baden, a solid gold
liqueur service, richly inlaid with rare
enamel, from the Tsar himself; silver
and gold medals innumerable; old and
rare jewels from the old Emperor
William's Queen, and countless honor
ary decorations, the most important of
which are the Iron Cross of Prussia
and the Order of the Red Cross from
the Tsar of Russia.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY GALL.
THE RED CROSS IN THE FAR EASTERN WARTHE FUGITIVE, Ezra S. Brudno;
Doubleday. Page & Co.. New York;
price n 50.
THE JEWEL OF SEVEN STARS,
Bram. Stoker; Harper & Bros., New
York; price $1 50.
THE QUEEN OF QUELPARTE,
Archer Butler' Hulbert: Little. Brown
& Cb.. Boston: illustrated; price $1 50
CONFESSIONS OF MARGUERITE,
fcnonymous; Rand, McNally & Co.,
Chicago.
THE YOKE. Elizabeth Miller;
Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapolis* V
price n 50. - •
New BooKs Received.
THE new. novel of-Mr. Bram Stok
er's, "The Jewel of Seven Stars,"
might be termed a more . classical
"King.: Solomon's Mines.'.' V It . has all
of the - bizarre ' mystery and fantastic
machinery of a : Rider Haggard novel,'
but it is better, written. Mr. Stoker
has cast his lot with those who would
out-Poe'the author of:"The Man in the
Crowd" ; himself. , - Dr. Conan Doyle has
tried this fantastic, "shuddery" kind of
story in -many • of •> his ¦¦] short . ' tales ;
Gautier- in • France ; was h distinctly ; a
master of ; It; Robert Louis ' Stevenson
himself could write a- "crawler" when
the spirit moved him. So "She," "I*
Some Books
of Merit and
a Few Without
The fact that good^ manners, the ex
hibition of high breeding and an easy
address can be perfected, at least, if
not acquired, by diligent study-of a
textbook on those subjects would seem
to \be demonstrated by the -fact that
"The Man Who - Pleases and the \ Wo
man. Who, Charms" has just come from
a third "printing, - the other two . editions
having been sold, ; presumably. ; Since
the book is. evidently so thoroughly on
the 'market a reviewer must presume
that' it needs no; encomiums.
• This little book by Mr. John A. Cone
is . a ; more . pretentious effort than the
usual paper-backed .booklet: , on
VDon'ts" In good society written by one
of those on the fringe thereof. The au
thor makes a very creditable attempt
to point out : the, many little things in
life," the possession of which -will make
the ¦ man * or : woman more acceptable
to his' neighbor and more satisfied with
himself. - : There '¦': is ;-. no ' charlatanism
about the book; it could teach Chester
field- something. ;/ ¦
(Hinds . & : Noble, New York; - price
76 cents.) j - ¦
"Purposely to throw the reader off the
scent' at the first take-off, Crockett al
lows himself to enter the story in the
guise of an innocent tourist, seeking to
see some new thing. Llxe any Wash
ington Irving or Bayard Taylor, he re
counts his journeyingrs in the Pyrenees
under the ¦ cicerone" Jean. They amble
peacefully about; meeting with neither'
adventure nor misadventure till the au
thor finds that he [ is the 'guest ; of Don'
Manuel, a- hot old Carllst. Then-it de
volves -that he is also a smuggler
smack! and you are; right In -the stoiry
where none was expected. Crockett is
at home with smugglers ; and Carllsts;
he , has written of these « people before.
So there unfolds itself as spirited a tate
of "rattling good ' adventure' and spark
ling, adventure as one~'should "permit
himself. to read. in Lent. '
Of ;a' surety there are ladies in the
story— the ladles of filmy mantillas and
backward ¦ thrown glances, such I as are
always associate with" Spain and the
covers .of. cigar boxes. But the real
charm of < the . story is" the little ' lady,
aetat,8,;who is in herself an excuse for
the : book. "were one? lacking. ' •'¦ ; \'~
This i surprise . party of flcUoniwhich
Mr. , Crockett has < been . good enough to
give ua: is better r'than - v any donation
party. ', ', .
(Frederick A, Stokes Co., New York;
priceUSO). .
There have' been written stories of
adventure, stories of romanceand plain
drab, stories .of ..travels, t Heretofore,
each, of these children' of ", fiction has
traveled' along" his definitely ordered
path, discreetly keeping to himself tlfat
wnlchlshis and making no 'pretext of
borrowing any plumes- from his " neigh
bor. BufJt has beerTtor S. R. . Crockett,
that braw .Scottish ; teller, of .border
tales, to throw this \ nice .adjustment
Into whimsical confusion and. produce
a. book which is a delightfully puzzling
rouleau of .all ' three types. - One, read
ing "The Adventurer in Spain" Is at
first certain that he has nothing more
than a very diverting book of travel
and adventure, when suddenly the
whole dissolves into a romance — one of
Crockettls own. : This Is something' new
and singularly effective. It is a kln.l
of • literary * plgs-in-clover wherein 5 the
wandering marbles suddenly, surprise
all' speculation by grouping themselves
about a totally 'unsuspected alley.
Aside from this study of a sociological
question of great moment' the: author
has evolved a story of considerable
merit. He has not learned,. however, to
make his story slip along* smoothly.
There is many a hitch and a jolt in the
plot. '
(The Patriot Publishing Company,
Greensburg, Pa.; price. $1 25.)
In "A Lamb to the ¦ Slaughter" Lee
Welling Squier has also broken away
from well-beaten paths of fiction and
laid his scene, in Japan, Korea and
China. He does not, however, deal With
Oriental characters, but, like Kipling,
he writes of Caucasians in Oriental sur
roundings. His characters are the mis
sionaries and his problems ; the grave
ones "which confront a beautiful.con
secration and zealous effort to supplant
the oldest extant civilization and j re
ligion by the newest." . r
The author has succeeded in writing
an" Interesting story, that ably , deplctB
all the phases of European life in the
Far East. Throughout Incidents of
th*> book the shows that his knowledge
of life and especially of missionary life
in' the oldest stronghold of Buddha is
deriveii. at first hand. Though, he does
not acknowledge that to his eyes many
of the efforts of these worthy people are
vain, Scfuier succeeds in giving, to. the
Christian world a convincing conception
of the attitude taken, against the.mis
sions by the best thinkers of the other
creed . . _ . . :
It is the earnest endeavor of the
writer of these dolumns to bend • his
best eneiyries to the task set for him,
but befcie one he must pause with fear
and an overwhelming sense of his ut
ter'unworthiness. That Is the review
of any^ work upon spiritualism, auto
psychic phenomena or the materializa
tion of occult shades. Last week it
was his duty to essay a critique upon
a psychic volume of 500 odd pages and
now be Is writing on his knee, for his
desk is completely usurped, by a tomo
as large as Doomsday Book, entitled
"Book of Knowledge— Psychic Facts',"
the work 'of Dr.' Nellie Beighle. '
Dr. Beighle lays no claim to a pre
ternatural birth or Infant- powers. Her
first inklings of the fact that she pos
sessed the power came while she was
living over in Temescal. At nights she
would 'hear faint raps • all over the
h"ouse which she Immediately attribut
ed to the presence of woodticks. Be
fore -she sujjply herself with
buhach, however, she awakened to the
.realization that it was not woodticks,
but some spirit knocker come to con
vince her of the divine gift which was
hers. From that day Dr. Beighle went
on from strength to strength," increas
ing in wisdom and stature. Within her
potent right arm there was concealed
the .power to cure all the banes, by
which weak mortals are afflicted; lift
lug tables and moving pianos and
kitchen ranges were mere matters of
the moment; anything from an apple
to a guitar could be materialized at
will from the circumambient 'ether.
Dr. Beighle -came to the height of her
powers with a great coming.
These things and many others \ ure
recounted in the "Book of Knowledge."
The untutored mind of a mere reviewer
> cannot begin to reveal all the food for
thought that lies between the covers of
that volume. Let the reader take a
week's vacation from business and the
"cares of the world and lose himself in
the mystic misty" mazes of this hand
book to all things knowable.
• (The Alliance Publishing Company,
San Francisco.)
How Martyn. was attacked by the
treacherous emissaries of the Chinese
statesman in the temple of Buddha, the
daring escape -which he effected and
the remarkable ruse • to • which he had
Hulbert makes the intrigue of Rus
sia for the possession of Quelparte, an
island off the Southern Korean coast,
the groundwork of his story. The scene
opens shortly after the end of the war
between Japan and China, with Oranoff,
a Russian diplomat, in complete ascen
dency over the weak monarch of Quel
parte and awaiting only the favorable
moment to turn the Government over
to the Czar. His orderly or assistant,
Robert Martyn \ of Washington, D. C.,
who plays the hero in the tale, is dele
gated to turn the trick which will make
Quelparte a province of Russia. This
is nothing else than to bring-to the
capital for final burial the. body of the
late, Queen, which has been hidden by
the widowed spouse for reasons of
state. To do this; he. must brave the
treacherous opposition of a wily Chi
nese statesman and his unscrupulous
agent. •« '',-•.>
THERE could be found no better in
dication of the widespread interest"
attached to affairs as they now are
in the Far East than the haste which
all of the publishers have exerted in
bringing out any book bearing upon
Japan, China, Korea or Asiatic Russia.
Besides reprinted works and newly
written books of travel and of affairs
in the Orient enterprising publishers
have seized the auspicious moment to
launch also new works of fiction whose
scenes present the alluring paddy*flelds
and ragged mountains of the much dis
traught Korea or Manchuria. Within
the last few weeks "The Queen of Quel
parte," a novel of Korea by Arthur
Butler Hulbert, and "A Lamb to the
Slaughter," likewise a tale of Korea
and China, by Lee Welling Squier, have
come from the presses. Both of the
books will be bought if only for their
pertinency.
But "The Queen of Quelparte" has
more claims on the attention of the
reading world than that of mere time
liness. It is a book of thrilling adven
ture and breathless interest' far , and
away above the ordinary standard of
such novels of action. With the scene
laid in Korea, the Eastern unknown
land with all of its Oriental mysticism
and wealth of barbaric, tradition, the
author has been able to drop over his
whole story the charmed mantle of
mystery — the. mystery of the unknown.
Not only that, but he has so skillfully
reproduced the clash between the thor
oughly intrenched conservatism and
reticence of the Oriental mind and the
grasping, -belligerent Intrusion of the
Western idea, exemplified" in the on
ward march of. the Russian, that his
story is a perfect miniature. of the strife
which has been waged and is now wag
ing for the mastery over the oldest
nations in the world. ~
Battlegrouod
in East Made
Stories' Scene
that has been the Jews' since tne earth
rocked and the veil of the Temple was
rent in twain.
(Doubleday, Page & Co., New York; #
price $1 50.)
recourse In order mat- the King-might
be deceived are reeled off .by the author
with the vividness of a klnetoscope pic
ture. Even the remarkable incident 'of
the substitution of the living ;body. of
the heroine for the corpse of the dead
Queen which was lost, daring as it
may be upon the part of the. author,
is so well worked out that the .reader
forgets its *wlld improbability in his
eagerness to - follc-w its many complex
developments. The climax of the story
is reached after a series of adventures
on the part of the herb and his lady,
calculated to turn gray the head of
any individual out of book covers.
Aside from the plot a most attractive
feature of the book is the vivid picture
painted therein of Oriental life and-cus
toms. .No one but the most. careful 3%
serverof actual,' occurrences. cpuld give
such a sharply^ drawn view of scenes
such as that presented by. the .-imperial
funeral. The author's descriptions con
vey the same Impression ¦ as that' of a
caiored photograph. *" ¦;.,
(Little, Brown & 'Co., : Boston; - price
$150.) " '
In contrast to it follows "To-Morrow
at Dawn," by Rose K. Weekes, a won
derful tragedy of one father's love for
his child. Again. "The Sentimental
ists," by Ruth Milne, is -written In
lighter vein, with gentler theme, but
equally excellent of Its kind. Other
stories that command attention and
admiration are: "By a Strange Road,"
by Kate Jordan, strikingly original In
its narrative of a desperate and loving
•woman; "Mammon's Match," by James
Branch Cabell, a thoroughly entertain
ing piece of comedy work, and unusu
ally clever; "The Diwll Wagon," by.
Ernest Jarrold, a most amusing tale.
Ainslee's for March opens with a.
novelette which takes the shape of
autographlcal notes by a society girl
which tells of her experiences from the \
time she was 15 years of age to the
time of her engagement. It is original
and dramatic and, what is more Im
portant, interesting. It Is called "Miss
Vanity." Edited by Mary Hamilton
Park. Maarten Maartens has ona of
his characteristic tales called "Five
Minutes* Conversation." "Her Letters
from Dakota" deals with a timely
theme in an extremely taking fashion.*
It is by Miriam Mlchelson, author of
"In the Bishop's Carriage." The sec
ond of the series. "Stories of th«
Street," by James H. Gannon, is called
"The Matrimony Syndicate." Roy
Homlman has an intensely interesting
and dramatic story called "The Wits
of Basil Wynyard." An unusually hu
morous tale is "The Undoing of Ulysses
Updegraff," by W. D. Nesbit.
The publishers of the Popular Mag
azine announce in the March number
the opening chapters of a new serial
by Arthur W. Marchmont, "The Eter
nal Snare," which is the first of a se
ries of notable stories by famous au
thors of adventure fiction to appear In
this magazine. Mr. Marchmont's story
has as a baaksround the author's fa
vorite field, Constantinople and it3 en
vironments. There is a strong political
intrigue -in which are Involved an
American multi-millionaire who has
planned to Americanize a part of tha
Turkish empire, an English friend and
adviser of the millionaire and a beau
tiful Greek woman..
The March number of The Smart Set
is distinguished by the extraordinary
varfety of the fiction composing it— a
variety that is altogether meritorious.
In the novelette, "The Interference of
Miss Jane," by Robert Adger Bowen.
one finds an exquisite love story, chief-"
ly of the South, though sometimes the
scene is shifted to yew York. It has a
real atmosphere, a real plot, real action
—in short, a story that is both power
ful and fascinating.
Trie Booklovers' Magazine upholds
the reputation already established for
itself in the March number. Four beau
tiful modern paintings are reproduced
in their original colors in the art sec
tion—"The Artist's Daughter," by Hans
Peter Feddersen; a characteristic land
scape, by George Inness; Vibert's "Gul
liver and the Lilliputians" and Emil«
Frlant's "All Saints' Day." There is
also a series of six half-tone pictures
of "Famous Parisian Artists in Their
Studios." Whether New England main
tains the Intellectual supremacy It has
for so long enjoyed Is questioned by
Mr. George Perry Morris of Boston In
an article entitled "The Old Guard of
New England: Their Outlook on Twen
tieth Century Problems." The article
Is Illustrated with portraits of living
New England writers, in addition to
one in color of Oliver Wendell Holmes
by V. Floyd Campbell. Clifton Johnson
writes in a gossipy way of "Old James
town," and illustrates his text with
some striking: pictures of thl3 historic
scene of two wars. The story is by
Miss Anna McClure Sholl—"Whatso
ever a Woman Soweth"— and is a
strong study in character contrasts.
"The World of Print" department
maintains its reputation for interest
and variety.
postal scandal lies in the Inordinate
rates the postofflce pays the railroads
for carrying the mails. "The Modern
Industrial Manager." by Hrolf Wisby.
exploits the skilled business specialist,
and "America Competing Against
Itself," by John Callan O'Laughlin,
who went to Europe as the special rep
resentative of the World's Work, re
veals an unusual commercial competi
tion.
Let us offer up a sincere prayer that
E. W. Hornung, the author of those
two remarkably fascinating pieces of
fiction, "The Amateur Cracksman" and
"Raffle3," has not stuHified his talents
to the ' worship of the ! golden image,
Mammon, like so many of his success
ful j fellow craftsmen. . For It would
seem that his last book, "Denis Dent,"
wag written hurriedly in answer. to the
persistent call of his publisher. It is
a distinct falling off. from the genius
which' Mr. Hornung' has manifested in
his previous- stories.
The scene of the early part of the
novel: is laid in Australia' during the
. days j of the gold /excitement. Denis
Dent, Irish by that same token, res
cue's "Nan Merridew from, a shipwreck
and eMs out with; laudable intention to
makea fortune which may make Denis
and Nan" one. .But meanwhile his
plighted sweetheart becomes entangled
in f the meshes of a: scheming villian
back 'in England and Is forced to be
come his bride. • The Crimean war, hap
pening along about thlsjtlme, carries
a snug,llttle bullet for the villain and
Denis comes to his own.
I This ,'j plot could v scarcefy be called
anything, but hackneyed. The big,
strong hero who is willing to move the
world for his lady love 'has figured In
fiction almost since men, marked their
thoughts upon walrus tusks and so
does not gain any distinction by new
handling from the -peri of Mr. Harming.
The one thing that does mark the story
"as original is the very vivid and Bret-
Harte-like portrayal of Australian
mining camp scenes in boom days. This
is "done in a bright, trenchant style
which atones in a measure for the anti
quated character of the plot.,
• Mr. Hornung should set right to work
like the famous author of "His Wife's
Sister-in-law" to attempt a parallel to
the ever diverting "Raffles.^
CFrederick A. -Stokes -Company, New
York; price, $1 50.)
Country Life in America issues its
large and superbly illustrated "Gar
dening. Manual" as a double number
for March, with an unusually beautiful
cover in many colors showing- a stately
old-fashioned flower, garden. It con
tains practical directions and advice
for every sort of plant-growing out-of
doors, and in cold frames and hot
houses as well. Among, the leading fea
tures, "Flowers for Every Place and
Purpose" tells '. how to make waste
places beautiful and bare spots cheer
ful. A long list of flowers for difficult
situations is added. "The Gladiolus
and How to Grow It" is illustrated
with photographs of the wonderful re
sults that may be obtained; "The
World's Greatest Tree Garden" is the
story of the Arboretum of Boston, by
Wilhelm Miller; "The Late-Planted
Garden of -a Tenderfoot" is the amus
ing experience of a summer man in
Maine, which is helpfully practical and
Avill show others how to succeed; while
"A Garden of Sweet Herbs" has to do
with the fragrant things that add the
final touch to good cooking — the home
ly "simples" and "meeting-house
yarbs." Everything Is luxuriously il
lustrated on the ample pages.
The World To-Day for March con
tains nineteen thrilling pictures of the
great Baltimore fire, giving: the clear
est conception of this great disaster yet
published. In view of the approaching
Presidential campaign much interest
will attach to the artiqle entitled "Will
Roosevelt Share the Fate of Arthur?"
by Charles M. Harvey, in which the
remarkable, similarities and contrasts
between the campaigns of 1884 and 1904
are pointed out very forcefully. "The
Labor Truce in New York," by William
English Walling, makes • known the
true inwardness of the labor situation
there and the basis of agreement and
present harmony. Politics under the
'control of the machine receive drastic
exposition from Francis W. Parker of
the Illinois Senate, who distinguishes
between "The Machine or A Ma
chine." W. T. Stead scores British
army officials for unnecessarily provok
ing war by an aggressive expedition
into Tibet. The seriousness of a possi
ble war between the United States and
Colombia Is also the theme of Charles
M. Dobson's article, "Respect Thine
Enemy."
The World's Work for March is a
striking number, fully realizing its pur
pose as a . magazine of significant
achievement. Of timely interest is
"Korea, Japan and Russia," by Robert
E. Speer, for years a resident of Korea,
With the aid of many new pictures he
gives a first-hand view of the prize of
the Russo-Japanese war and the peo
ple. In "What Has Followed the Coal
Guy Warfleld tells how the an
thracite settlement has worked out,
giving startling revelations of present
.conditions, '/showing the enormous
profits of the operators and the restive
ness of the miners. < To make this Inti
mate study Mr. Warfleld lived with the
miners and worked In the mines. "The
Postofflce .' and : the People," . by M. ' G.
Cunniff, the third of a series of search
ing investigations, shows that the real
McCLURE'S for March adds still
further to its well-established
reputation as a torch bearer m
the magazine world. It is still going
before, lighting the way. In this num
ber the light Is shed on several of the
nation's dark places greatly to the in
terest of the public. Especially start
ling in its illumination is a powerful
article on "The Case of the State of
Kentucky vs. Caleb Powers," by Sam
uel Hopkins Adams, who tersely and
dramatically reads the lines of this
dark page in Kentucky's history.
There is a mine of fiction from which
there is to be extracted riches for all.
Anthony Hope, in his strongest roman
tic style, solves "The Riddle of Coun
tess Runa." Edward Cummings de
scribes the transforming effect of en
vironment arid, circumstance on "The
Coward," who dies a hero's death to
save his command. Rex E. Beach has
a skillfully humorous article from the
Far West on "The Colonel and the
Horse Thief." Myra Kelley dips into
the race problem of New York's poly
glot East Side In a fetchlngly comical
tale of "When a Man's Widowed," and
later, save the mark, when he's mar
ried. Mary Stewart Cutting indulges
in sweetly sentimental domesticity in
"The Terminal," while Jeanette
Cooper consumes "A; Candid Violet" to
the great entertainment of her readers
in a pseudo-endeavor to Justify femi
nine inaccuracy. The heroism of the
commonplace is described by W. H.
Boardman in "A Kind of Hero" who
forgets self for duty. "Genius." a
poem by Florence Wilkinson displays
its own Inspiration.
What to Read
in the March
Magazines
Roman d'un Momme," "Thrawn Janet"
and "The Jewel of Seven Stars" are all
of one school.
The first: chapter of the story opens
with the perpetration of a crime by
an unknown, person upon a learned
Egyptologist and- scholar of the East.?
It seems that the scholar who was 'at-'
tacked in the mysterious manner de
scribed' had been working over a,,re
markable experiment when he was
stricken, 'and it is only after he has
laid in a trance for •', a considerable
length of time that he revives and con
tinues his ; work -with feverish' energy,
never revealing , the . cause. -which* he^ ;
knows r to - have.| been A instrumental/ io^
his Injury. . The" experiment is. the -. at-p
tempt to | revivify the mummy, Iql j anl
Egyptian queen, dead? these thousands^
of years. - The .scientists ' had" ( d!s"c6yV?
ered an ancient documeht^/wh'ich'.had
expressed , the dead queen's determina
tion .to come back to earth .again, and j
*hel had determined to forestall her by
performing- the . miracle' himself. A
lonely castle in Cornwall Is the scene of
the startling denouement which the ex- .
periment develops.. "-- Every thing ; is
hung around with a thick and clammy :
veil, of mystery until the story comes
to a fitting, close.
Like "The Fall of the House -of
Usher" or Guy de Maupassant's' terri
ble "L'Horla," this story >_ has : the ;rare
merit of interest sustained to the high
est wire tension throughout. - One
slackening of the stress, the least indi
cation of a drag-and the story. would .
topple over of its own /weight, for Jin |
such tales of the bizarre the imprqb- .
abilities, of, the plot which wou!d : im
mediately force themselves ; upon a
mind allowed to review"', them dispas
'sionately are refused consideration 'by
the mind riding on the. wings of Imag
ination. Mr. Stoker has done. a difficult
task ; admirably. I- •-•¦- "
(Harper & Bros., New York). '
This is the story— the autobiography,
if you will. . Bare outline of the plot
cannot but give the most imperfect
conception of the worth that la in the
book. To read it Is to read the tragedy
New York and the filthy tenements
bee the author beginning life anew.
Trained intellect though he possesses,
he must fight for bread In the garment
workers' shops. Poverty worse than
that in Russia assails him anew until
desperation drives him to stultify his
honoi and his talents under the pat
ronage of a rascally charlatan. Finally
success begins to be born out of the
shame, a rare chance throws Katie
again into his path and the man. fugi
tive no longer, turns his face toward
liberty which lies above the ghetto,
with new hope and the spring of free
dom in his heart.
Becoming a teacher of Russian in the
house of a Jewish tavern-keeper, the
young man is forced to witness the
brutal injustice of a Russian noble in
robbing the poor boniface of his daugh
ter and the honor of his family. Again
forced to wander, the fugitive presses
on to higher springs of learning and
again adopts a subterfuge In order to
enter the university at Vilno. There
follow his discovery of Katia. his boy
hood's sweetheart, the plighting of
their troths and his determination to
embrace Christianity that he may
make the girl his bride. Then the mas
sacre of the Jews by the muzhiks, with
all its attendant horrors of murder and
rapine, and the fugitive's passionate
return to the downtrodden people of
his faith.-
How he gained admission to the
Yeshiva academy, there to devote him
self with feverish energy to the pursuit
of Talmudic lore; 'how he first began
to read the "forbidden books" of phil
osophy and poetry, drinking from them
so deeply as to bring the first clouds
of doubt over his orthodox, faith, and
how he was finally expelled for just
Buch breach of orthodoxy, Brudno re
counts In rapid, forceful narrative.
anything else but the ego
v.hich seems at times to be the pain
fully predominant characteristic of
mankind there is hidden away down
deep the saving leaven of sympathy.
Too rarely is this touched, it is true,
in the hurry and welter of workaday
life, but when some powerful talisman
ccracs t<» arouse this underlying senti
ment it quickens Into a steadily flowing
~low— meet atonement for the clogging
passions which have suppressed it.
When the poignant sufferings of an In
dividual are displayed in a direct heart
appeal, the most callous will find in his
breast the stirrings of an unknown
emotion. When the crushing tragedie?
of a whole people are held to view.
communities and nations are moved.
Ezra S. Brudno's grim epic of the Jew.
•"The Fugitive," is a call which must
find an answering quickening in the
heart of hearts of every man who styles
himsflf such. It is the bare, bald trag
edy of the Semite who is born under
the dominion of the Czar.
The author has cast his book into \X\<±
form of a romance. Through the me
dium of Sction he is enabled to give
with dramatic effoct the facts either of
his own life or certainly of some on*
closely intimate. The truth and th?
fiction are made to blend with so strong
a hand that the one lends effective
vraisemblacce to the other ¦ and the
vhole is a powerfully portrayed, won
derfully convincing record of the heavy
cross which rests upon the shoulders
of every Russian Jew. But it is. at the
same time, a. broader field which Bruu
nn's book covers. By holding up the
weaknesses inherent by very nature iu
th" fanatically orthodox Jew and by
pointing the failings which exist in the
reformed- Jewish faith, the author
wi.uld seek general acceptance for a
higher, more tolerant religion of broth
erhood among all humanity.
"What do the terms Christian and
Jew denote, after all?" the author asks
himself. "1 love nature; I love art; I
love humanity. "What can my religion
teach me in addition to these princi
ples? Must I profess a certain cresd
when these three passions embrace rill
creeds and something more — unsophis
ticated brotherhood? • • • To be
long to a. certain creed is to confl
philosophy in narrow compass. To z.
jure creed and believe in nature, ai
humanity, is to extend philosophy to
its utmost capacity. Creeds are ths
ladders by which mankind ascends to
philosophy — to truth. The top once
reached, the ladder may be kicked
away as a thing past usefulness."
This expression of idealistic monothe
ism, which may be taken as typical of
a large class of educated Jews, comes
from the hero of "The Fugitive" only
after he has gone through the fierce
flame of renunciation of the old Juda
ism, a wavering faith In Christianity
end finaJ surrender to the philosophers.
The story of the struggle between his
instinctive loyalty to the creed of his
fathers and the callings of Heine and
the gnostics is a moving one.
This story of the struggles of his
soul Is only subsidiary, however, to
Brudno's tale of his life battle. Born
in a little village of Lithuania, the hero
of the story sees his father falsely im
prisoned and done to death and his
mother removed from him by fatal Ill
ness while he is yet scarcely more than
an infant. Thrown out upon the world,
the hapless little wretch is forced to eat
the meager loaf of charity while lie is
subjected to the brutality of Jewish
taskmasters at the Talmud-Torah, or
village private school. Brow-beaten by
his master and bullied by his com
rades, the starved drudge has to worry
along with the Talmud until a fire
sweeps away the homes of his benefac
tors and he is thrown upon the barren
mercies of the forest. A Russian Judge
befriends him for a time, and he lives
a little dream of happiness until the in
fant love between the stripling boy and
Katia. the Judge's daughter, brings to
the fort the father's race prejudice,
and again the wanderer is out in the
world.
Brudno Writes
Grim Story of
Russian Jews
WITH all the apparent selfish
ness, the self-centered com
placency and indifference t>
THE .SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY' CALL.
THE EARLY SPRING SOWING OF BOOKS"You do not ask why. I came north?"
Bhe. asked. "Surely you know." They
had ..moved back from the table, and
David^Payne had returned to his ax
handle. "Did you get my letter?"
"A last'one? No, I don't think so.
Most probably it's trailing around" the
Birch Creek country or lying income
trader's shack on the Lower River. The
way they run > the mails in here is
shameful. No order/no system, no — -"
"Don't be wooden, Dave. Help me!"
She: spoke sharply now, with an as
sumption'of authority which rested
on the past. ."Why don't you ask me
about I myself? ¦. About \ those ¦ we knew
very: long ago, yet I 'remember It dis
tinctly, the day, the. time, every, detail.
We iWere, in a rose garden, you I and;!—
your; mother's rose garden. All things
were budding, bjossoming, and the sap
of spring was in our blood. And-i drew,
you over— it was the 'first— and*, kissed
you full on the lips'. Don't you remem
ber?" | r "V ,!:. ' ' ¦
"pon't%so over it, -Davie, don't ! I
kno\v~ every shameful line, of it. How
often have 1l wept ! , 'If you only knew
how I have suffered—r— "
"You promised' me then— ay, and a
thousand. times. in the sweet days that
followed. .Each look of your "eyes, each
He was versed in cent per cent. By so
cial measure he was not. a bad^-man.
But by ; your "measure. Karen; by .mine,
by ours of_the rose garden, what was
he?" .-"'¦"-¦¦¦'";.. !
'-¦ "Remember, he is dead." .;_..:¦
"The fact Is not altered thereby.
What was lie? A great, gross, material
creature, deaf to song, blind to beauty,
dead to the spirit. He was fat with
laziness, and flabby-cheeked, and the
round of his belly witnessed his glut
tony— — "
"But he is" dead. It is we who are
now— now! now! Don't you hear? As
you say, I . have been inconstant. I
have sinned. Good. But should not you,
too, cry. peccavi? If I have^ broken
promises, have not you? I Your love
of the rose garden was of all time, or
so you said. Where is. It. now?" /
"It is here! Now!" he -cried, striking
his breast, passionately with clenched
hand. "It has always,',been."
"And your love wa's a great love;
there was none greater," she continued;
"or so you said in the rose garden. Yet
it Is not fine enough,. large enough, to
forgive me here, crying'iiow at your
feet?" V
The man hesitated. His mquth open
ed; words shaped vainly on. his lips.
She had forced him to bare hfs heart
and speak. truths which he had hidden
from himself.
"Look at me, Dave! :¦• Look at me! I
am the same, after; all.*- And so are
you, if you would but see. We are not
changed." ¦ . * . ,' s •¦ • .
Her hand rested on his; shoulder, and
his had half-pas.sed^frpughJy, about her.
when the sharp. 'crackle : of a match
startled him to himself. 'Winapie, alien
to the "scene, / was flighting the slow
• •. • • •
"Break camp. Pierre," she said to the
boatman, '.who alone had remained
awake against her return. "We must
be going."
By the fireMsht his sharp eyes scanned
"Kiss me." she whispered, her face
lighting. Then she turned and went
away^
But -.he grasped th% unspoken
thought and answered "Yes." Then,
struck with the enormity of it: "It
cannot be. conceived. There 13 no likeli
hood. It must not be entertained."
"Listen." he commanded, opening the
door and. lifting her bodily outside. "It
cannot be. We are not alone to be
considered. You must go. I wish you
a safe Journey. You will find It tougher
work, when you, get up sy the Sixty
Mile, b,ut you have the best boatmen
in the world and will pet through all
right. Will you say good-by?"
Though she already had herself In
jhand she looked at him. hopelessly. "If
— if — if Winapie should " She quav
ered and stopped.
She sank to the fic-or and threw her
arms about his knees, sobbing. "And
you do care for, me. You do care for
me,. Think!; The long years I have
waited— suffered. You can never know."
. He stooped and raised her to her feet.
flying, eyes flashing, fury incarnate,
passing the long hunting knife again
and aga'in. , Sweat started to his fore
head. He shook off the clinging woman
and staggered back to the wall. And
she, knowing that the moment had
come, but 'unable to divine what was
passing*, within him, felt all ahe had
gained .slipping away.
"Dave*! -'Dave!" she cried. "I will not
give you up." If you do not wish to
come we will stay. I will stay with
you. The world Is less to- me than are
you. I will be a Northland wife to you.
I will cook your food, feed your dogs,
break trail for you, lift a paddle with
you. I can do it. Believe me. I am
strtmg."
"I suppose not. But tell m e about
yourself, about your life. What kind
of neighbors have you? Or have you
any?".
"I did have some," he replied. "Mis
sov-'.zn chaps, and a couple of Cornish
men, but they went down to El Dorado
to work at wages for a grubstake."
Mrs. Sayther cast a look of specula
tive regard upon the girl. "But, of
course, there are plenty of Indians
about?"
"Every mother's son of them down to
Dawson long ago. Not a native in the
whole cbuntry, barring- Winapie here,
and she's a Koyokuk lass— comes from
a thousand miles or so down the river."
Mrs. Sayther felt suddenly faint, and
though the smile of interest in no wise
waned, the . face of the man seemed to
draw away to a telescopic distance and
the tiered logs of the cabin , to whirl
drunkenly about. .
"Bound to be when he gets right down
to the boIJ. He leaves convention with
the spring be<I at home. But you were
wise In your choice of time for leav
ing. You'll be out of the country be
fore mosquito season, which is a bless
ing your lack bf experience will not
permit you to appreciate."
But the nest was soon after disrupted
and the major portion tossed up to the
crest of the shore, where Mrs. Sayther
lay down to wait in comfort.
"Ah! him come thees tam," he whis
pered, after a Ion' silence, his gaze
bent up the river to the head of the
island.
A canoe, with a paddle flashing on
"Look, see!" Pierre pointed to the
scattered chips by the woodpie. "Him
fresh — two, t'ree day, no more."-
Mr?. Sayther r.odded. She tried to
X>cer through the small window, but it
was made of greased parchment which
r.c!n-s;tte- light while it blocked vision.
Failing this, she went round to the
door, ha!f lifted the rude latch to enter,
but changed her mind and let it fall
back into place. Then she suddenly
dropptd on o-ne knee and kissed the
rough hewn threshold. If Pierre Foun
tains saw he ga\*e no sign, and the
memory in the time to come was never
shared. But the next instant one of
the boajtmen, placidly lighting his pipe,
M-as startled by an unwonted harshness
in his captain's voice.
•'Hey! You! Le Goire! You mak'm
toft more setter," Pierre commanded.
"Plenty bearskin; plenty blanket.
Bai .!"
was a warmer color than usual to her
f&ce and a perceptibly extra beat to her
heart.
I came." : .' ;;
- "I know • of no promise." ! .
¦ "In the earlier, letters?" '.
"Yes, you promised, but as I neither
asked nor. answered, It was unratifted.
So JJ do not know of any such promise.
But I do '¦ know of another/- which you,
too,*may remember.' It was 'very long
ago." "He dropped the ax handle to, the
floor and* raised . his head. 3 "It was bo
in the old times? Have you no longer
any "interest in \he world? Do you
know that my husband is dead?" l
"Indeed, I am sorry. How long- — "
-, "David!" She was ready to cry with
vexation, but the reproach she threw
into her voice v-ced her. '"
"Did you" get any of my letters? You
must .'--"c got' some of them, though
you never answered." .-. . ¦
"Well, I didn't get the last one, an
nouncing, evidently, the death of your
husband, and most likely others went
astray; but I did get some. I—^r— read
them aloud to , Winapie as a warning
—that is, you know, to impress upon her
the wickedness of her white sisters.
And I— er— think she . profited \. by it.
Don't you?"
She disregarded the sting and went
on. "In the, last letter, which you did
not receive, I ; told, as you ' havu guess
ed, of Colonel, Sayther's death. That
.was a year ago. I also said that if you
did not come out to me I would go in
to you. And as I had often promised,
"Did you stop In Dawson long?" The
man was whittling a stave of birch
wood into a rude ax handle, and asked
the o.uestion without raising hl3 head.
"Oh. a few days," she answered, fol
lowing: the girl with her eyes, and hard
ly hearing. "What were you saying?
In Dawson? A month, in fact, and
gl=d to set away. ' The arctic male is
elemental, you know, and somewhat
strenuous in his feelings." ¦'},£¦':• ; -
But she shrugged her shoulders and
peered through the dim light at the
Indian girl, who had lighted the fire
and vri - frying great chunk3 of moose
meat, alternated with thin ribbons of
bacon.
"A little less flesh, perhaps, and a
little more muscle. How do you
mean?"
in on the last ice. Your camp?" He
glanced at the voyagcurs circled about
the fire in the open, and held back the
door for her to enter.
"I came up on the ice from Circle
City last winter," he continued, "and
settled down here for a while. Am
prospecting some on Henderson Creek,
and if that fails have been thinking of
trying my hand this fall up the Stuart
Kiver."'
"You aren't changed much, are you?"
she asked, irrelevantly, striving to
throw the conversation upon a more
personal basis.
touch of your hand, each syllable that
fell from your lips, was a promise.'
And then— how shall I say?— there came
a man. He was pld — old enough to
have begotten you— and not nlca to
look upon, but as the world goes, clean.
He" ha'd'dohe no wrong, followed the
letter of the law, was respectable. Fur
ther, and , to the point, he possessed
some several paltry mines— a score; it
does not matter; and he owned a few
miles of lands, and engineered deals
and clipped coupons. He— — "
''But there 'were other things," she
interrupted, "I told you. Pressure —
money matters— want— my people
trouble. You understood the whole sit
uation. I could not help it. It was not
my will, r'l' was sacrificed, or I sacri
ficed, have it as "you wish.' But, my
God! Dave, I gave you .up! You never
did me justice. Think what I have gone
through!" ' : •¦¦•*¦'
"It was not your will? Pressure?
Under high heaven there was no thing
to will you to this man's bed or that."
• "But I cared for you all the time,"
she pleaded. "I was. unused to your
way of measuring love. I am still un
used/\l do not understand." ~.
"We were speaking of this man you
saw fit to marry.. What manner of man
¦was" he?, ..Wherein did he charm your
soul? - What potent virtues were his?
True, he had a golden grip— an al
mighty-golden grip. .He knew the odds.
"But it is not." She was at his side
again, her hand touching lightly, ca
ressingly, the sunburned back of his.
"No. no," he protested. "It is not
right."
"Come, Dave, you must see. She is
not your kind. There is no race affin
ity. She is an aborigine, sprung from
the soil, yet close to the soil, and Im
possible to lift from the soil. Born
savage, savage she will die. But we—
you and I— the dominant, evolved race —
the salt of the earth and the masters
thereof! We are made for each other.
The supreme call is of kind, and we are
of kind. Reason and feeling dictate it.
Your very instinct demands it.. That
you cannot deny. You cannot escape
the generations behind you. Yours is
an ancestry which has survived for a
thousand centuries, and for a hundred
thousand centuries, and your line must
not stop here. It cannot. Your ances
try will not permit it. Instinct Is
stronger than the will. The. race is
mightier than you. Come. Dave, let us
go. We are young yet, and life is good.
Come."
Winapie, passing out of the cabin to
feed the dogs, caught his attention and
caused him to shake his head and
weakly to reiterate. But the woman's
hand slipped about his neck, and her
cheek pressed to his. His bleak life
rose up and smote him— the vain strug
gle with pitiless forces; the dreary
years of frost and famine; the harsh
and jarring contact with elemental life;,
the aching void which mere animal ex
istence could not fill. •
"Come. Dave, come. I have, for both.
The way is soft." She looked 'about her
t at the bare furnishings of the cabin.
"I have for both. The world is at our
feet, and all joy is ours. Come! come!"
She was in his arms, trembling, and
he held her tightly. He rose to , his
feet. * * * But the snarling of hun
gry dogs and the shrill cries of Winapie
bringing about peace between the com
batants came muffled to his ear through
the heavy logs. And another scene
flashed before him. A struggle in the
forest— a bald-face grizzly, broken-leg
ged, : terrible; the snarling of the dogs
and the shrill cries of Winapie as she
urged them to. the attack; himself in
the midst of the crush, breathless,
panting, striving to hold off red death;
broken- backed, ehtrall-ripped . dogs
h' ./ling in impotent anguish and dese
crating the snow; the virgin white run
ning scarlet with the blood of man and
beast; • the bear, ferocious, irresistible,
crunching, crunching down to the core
of his life, and Winapie at the last, in
the thick of the frightful muddle, hair
"I am not a girl, Dave, with a girl's
illusions," she said, softly, though not
daring to ccme back to him. "It is as
a woman that I understand. Men are
men. A common custom of the coun
try. I am hot shocked. : I divined it
from the first."
"It is Impossible."
wick of the slush lamp. She appeared
to start out against a background of
utter black, and the flame, flaring sud
denly up, lighted her bronze beauty to
royal gold.
"You see, it is impossible," he groan
ed, thrusting the fair-haired woman
gently from him. "It Is impossible."
he repeated. "It is impossible."
Coolly she thrust out a brown fore
finger and pressed the soft cheek of
Karen Sayther. And to the eternal
credit of the woman, she never flinched.
Pierre hesitated and half stepped for
ward; but she motioned him away
though her heart welled to- him with
secret gratitude. "It's all right, Pierre,"
she said. "Please go away."
He stepped back respectfully out of
earshot, where he stood grumbling to
himself and measuring the distance in
springs.
"Urn white, um softy, like baby."
Winapie touched the other cheek and
withdrew her hand. "Bimeby mosquito
come. Skin cet sore in spot; um swell,
oh, so big; um hurt, oh, so> much.
Plenty mosquito; plenty spot. I think
better you go now before mosquito
come. This way," pointing down the
stream, "you go St. Michael's; that
way," pointing up, "you go> Dyea. Bet
ter you go Dyea. Good-by." "
And that which Mrs. Sayther then
did caused Pierre to marvel greatly.
For she threw her arms around the
Indian girl, kissed her and burst into
tears.
"Be good to him," she cried. "Be
good to him." ¦''.
Then she slipped half down the face
of the bank, called back, "Good-by,"
and dropped* into the boat amidships.
Pierre followed- her and cast off. He
shoved the steering oar into place and
gave the signal. Le Goire lifted an old
French chanson; the men, like a row
of ghosts in the dim starlight, bent
their backs to the tow line; the steering
oar cut the black current sharply, and
the boat swept out into the night.
the woe In her face, but he received the
extraordinary command as though it
were the most usual thing in the world.
» "Which way? Dawson?" :
"No," she answered, lightly enough.
"Up— out— Dyea."
Mrs. Sayther waited till the luggage
was made shipshape and her nest pre
pared.
"We line up to de head of de island."
Pierre explained to her while running
out the long tow rope. "Den we tak to
das back channel where de water not
queek. and I fink we mak good tam."
A scuffling and pattering of feet in the
last year's dry grass caught his quick
ear, and he turned his head. The In
dian girl, circled by a bristling ring of
wolf dogs, was coming toward them.
Mrs. Sayther noted that -the girl's face,
which had been apathetic throughout
the scene in the cabin, had now quick
ened into blazing and wrathful life.
"What you do my man?" she de
manded abruptly of Mrs. Sayther.
"Him lay on bunk, and him look bad
all the time. I say 'What the matter.
Dave? You sick? But him no say
nothing. After that him say, 'Good
girl, Winapie, go way. I be all right
bimeby.' What you do my man, eh?
I think you bad woman."
Mrs. Sayther looked curiously at ths
barbarian woman who shared the life
of this man while she departed alone
in the darkness of night. •'
"I think you bad woman." Winapie
repeated in the slow, methodical way of
one who gropes for strange words in an
alien tongue. "I think better you go
away, no come no more. I Indian girl.
You 'Merican woman. Y,ou good to see.
You find plenty men. Your eyes blue
like the sky. Your skin so white, so
soft."
"Then come a little bit further into
the cabin and get something to eat,"
he said, genially, ignoring or missing
the feminine suggestion of appeal in
her voice.^ "And you must be tired, too.
Which way are you traveling? Up?
Then you wintered in Dawson, or came
"Only I didn't give the word.". David
Payne laughed and watched the Indian
girl disappearing into the cabin.
"Oh, I understand. Dave, and had I
been in your place I'd most probably
have done the same. But I have come
—now."
either s!de, was slipping down the cur
rent. In the stern a man^s form and
in the bow a woman's, swung rhythmi
cally to the work. Dipping long strokes
and strong, the girl, in concert with the
man. suddenly whirled the tiny craft
about against the current and brought
it gently to the shore. Another instant
and shs stood at the top of the bank,
heaving -up by ro-pe, hand under hand,
a quarter of fresh killed moose. Then
the man followed -her and together,
with a swift rush, they drew up the
canoe. The dogs were in a whining
mass about them, and as the girl stop
ped among them caressingly the man's
gaze fell upon Mis. Sayther, who had
risen. He looked, brushed his eyes un
consciously as though his sight were
deceiving him* and looked again.
"Karen," he said simply, coming for
ward and extending his hand, "I
thought for the moment I was dream
ing. I went snowblind for a time this
spring, and since then my eyes have
been playing tricks with me."
"You know, Dave, I threatened often
to come, and I would have, too, only —
only "
Still, for all the careless ease with
which she had mado the landing:, there
"Help me out, Pierre. I'm tired all
over from the boat. You might have
rr.ade it softer, you know."
From a nest of furs amidships Karen
Saythen rose to her full height of slen
der fairness.
A drams of dogs marked his dis
appearance over the edge of the bank.
but a minute later he was back again.
"Oui. madame. thees is de cabin. I
mak investigation. No can find mans
at home. But him no go vaire far,
vaire long, or him no leave dogs. Him
come 'jue^k, you bet!"
"Oui. ni^dame, thees is de place*
One. tu... t'ree island below Stuart
River. Thees is t'ree island."
As he rpoke. Pierre Fountsine drove
his pole against the bank and held the
ctem of the boat against the current
This thrust the bow in, till a nimble
half-breed climbed ashore with the
painter and mude fast.
••One lt-cl tam, madame, I go look
5f£P. -
• • •
*Heh?" Pierre Fountaine later on
gurgled thickly. 'Vot for Madame
Sayther rr.ak visitation to thees coun
try? More better you spik wit her. I
know no Ting 'tall, only all de tarn
her ask one man's name. 'Pierre, 1 her
spik wit me; 'Pierre, you moos' find
thees mans, and 1 gif you mooch — one
thousand dollar you find thees man.'
The^s man? Ah. oui. Thees man's
name— vot you call— Daveed Payne.
All de tam her spik das name. And all
de tam I !ook rount vaire mc-och, work
!al; be!l, but no can find dns dam mans,
and no fret one thousand dollar 'tall.
By dam."
y\ IT RS. SAYTHER'S career in
I V/l Dawson had been meteoric.
\^ < j to say the least. She was the
JL widow of a -well-known min
ing engineer, and why she, of all
women, should have come into the
country was the great interrogation.
But they were a practical breed, the
men cf the Northland, with a whole
some disregard for theories and a firm
grip on facts. And to rot a few of
them Karen Sayther was a most essen
tial fact. That she did not regard the
matter in this light la evidenced by the
neatness and celerity with which re
fusal and proposal tallied off during
her four weeks' ftay. And v.ith her
vanished the fact, and only the inter
rogation remained.
To the Ec-lution Chance vouchsafed
one clew. Her last victim. Jack
Couehran, having fruitlessly laid at her
feet both his heart and a 500-foot creek
claim on Bonanza, celebrated the mis
fortune by walking all of a night with
the gods. In the midwatch of this
night he happened to rub shoulders
with Pierre Fountains, none other than
head man of Karen Sayther's voy
ageurs. This rubbing of shoulders led
to recognition and drinks, and ultimate
ly involved both men in a common
muddle of inebriety.
t Copyright by Jack London.)
THE SAN.-FRANCISCb;' SUNDAY GAL!!.
THE
GREAT
INTERROGATION
7IT takes a large-sized man torpro-
duce much, enthusiasm in the
breasts of other men after, he hasi
been dead a century, and. a half. :
Mention the name. Jonathan Edwards ;
to the average man to-day and he will,
either say, "never heard .of him,". -,or
"wasn't he that narrow stiff old Puri
tan who. used to gloat over ;the. suf-1
ferings of the damned in hell?" In all
honesty you would be obliged to confess]
that your friend's notion of Edwards
was partly correct. He did preach^
one or two sermons picturing God as
an angry being suspending sinners
over a pit of torment, but he Mid! not
exult and glory in that kind of doctrine.
It grew out of a hard and fast sys
tem of belief that left him no alterna
tive but to declare what , he thought
was to be the doom of the impenitent,"
but, such terrible, portrayals 'of the'
wrath of God were not the staple of his
preaching 'at Northampton ; for. twenty
three years and at Stockbrldge -for. six
years. * He usually,; dispensed a much
gentler gospel, and though we: wonder
• ¦.. * " ¦> • .- ".¦¦¦¦ ; i .•:: •' ¦ - *¦ . ¦
how. he could ever consign so! great; a
portion j of ;his fellow^men • to endless
perdition^ and though we .marvel -that,
such a mistaken 'view' of the purpose of
God in 'creation could 'have existed in
his fxnbd alongside '6f -the : noble views
of his 'Creator which he undoubtedly
cherished; we ought to remember -him
not for these distorted ideas,- but? for
what* he did- for , the'- religious ; life-, of
"America, in his time arid 'subsequently.
\No one man sees all sides' of _ truth.
The ; disclosures of modern science* had
:nbt- found their way* into -the riiind/'of
Edwards. .1 He was subject to the influ
ences :of ; the /rigid. Puritanisih* in/the
midst ; of iWhK'i^he was reared.'"- Suffice
it, then, for- us •' to take " chief i account
of the fact, .that ; as of :dne 'of
the most important ;ch'urches''of ' New
England, as missionary^ to "the i n ai anSf
as preslderit' of -, Princeton, ;as; author
of such , famous treatises" as. ah Inquiry
. into . the - freedom- : of ; , the will ; and the
. religlcrus I affections, he., exerted tre
mendoug,influence upon his ; % time,, and
is "still .'regarded even by% those". who "re
pudiate | his } theology with ; th6 ; highest
esteem and -reverence.' * " ' * J ', " '
His greatest service was his personal
embodiment of pure and undented re
ligion..\. He wa's the * saint par excel
lence of -his •time.-;- He' knew God at
first! hand.- He- lived on the heights of
spiritual experience. , And yet this vir
tue was not an; affair of purely celes
tial-origin.'. His diary shows how he
toiled J and struggled to achieve right
eousness -of ' life, how> vigilantly he
watched himself,* his tongue, his tem
per; ' to J avoid the slightest transgres
sion.- In. his relation to others. he was
scrupulous In the extreme to carry him
self., as a Christian and a gentleman.
At 4 the time that, he was suffering most
from 'the estrangement and opposition
of his people, he was a model "of pa
tience, - forbearance r and charity. ' No
man ever, worked harder > to. be good
and no. man ever succeeded better. -
. We j are -glad that -in . due time Bush
nell and j Beecher and : Brooks • and . oth
er great liberal thinkers came along
.to , make good _ the deficiencies In Ed
wards' \ theology, g bUjt we ¦ ought to be
glad and grateful, too, for;the massive
arid noble 'character^ of Jonathan Ed
wards ' and the incentive arid inspira
tion that still flow forth from it."
THE PARSON.
APROPOS OF JONATHAN EDWARDS
.(Copyright, 1903, by Albert Sonnictsen.)
There came a lull.vA.sain the decks
were clear. v
"Come boys," shouted the second
mate, "get for'd and turn in."
The watgh just relieved moved with
difficulty down to leeward and pre
pared to skurry for'd to the forecastle,
there to snatch the few hours' rest.
But before they could gain the shel
ter of the for'd deckhouse the vessel
reared on its stern. They could not
climb that slanting deck. From for'd
came that awful, grpwing row again.
The green wall swept on, shot up
alongside, ready to topple. An impul
sive cry burst from the lips of all.
their danger forgotten In the sight be
fore them. ' Almost over their heads
rcse that gla^y, foam-streaktfd green
mountain, and on its very top lifted
the naked form of a man. his arms
outstretched, mouth agape, eyes star
ing, legs outspread, like some spirit
of the storm, wrapped in a smother of
froth and spray. They caught Just
that one glimpse— then came the crash
— again the decks were flooded.
Fortunately all had gained some
hold, and when the waters subsided
none was missing. In the pumphole,
by - the " mainmast, they found the
naked, unconscious, but _atill living
body of their lost shipmate, washed
aboard by the reflux. The sea had given
up its prey.
"Swim, Sam, swim!" they yelled.
"Keep' it U3, Sam! Hang on, Sam!"'
They howled and gesticulated, and once
more the skipper tried to heave the log
line. They might. as well have spared
their efforts, as he'heard nothing from
them. Still, they^ saw him plainly.now,
saw his white face, his clenched jaws,
his " powerful ] arms beating the waves.
By. this time he had freed himself of
all his clothes. But except that he kept
himself up he was helpless; like a block
of wood he was whirled about and
tossed up and .. down— ground by- the
waves as though they were indeed
chewing well before swallowing:.
Then.he suddenly disappeared. For
five minutes the men stood, still
clutching the rail. Instinctively they
bowed their, heads, as men do in the
presence of " death.
Again came one of those booming
rollers. They saw the drowning man
mount its 3lope until he was strug
gling in the hollow curve under the
combing - top. On it came, he in it.
With a heave the big ship shot up
ward and they saw him in the hollow
be yond. He seemed to ' have beea
hurled nearer, and this caused intense
excitement. ; .
their crests. The skipper had brought
Up the log line and tried to heave the
metal fan with its coll of thin cord,
but, strong of arm as he was, it went
not even one-third the distance. . He
threw It down on the deck and turned
away.
by. breathless, watching him fight his
last fight and then be swallowed. , ¦",'.' •
The ship was drifting, Tand; having
so much surface exposed' to the. wind
she naturally sagged to leeward faster
than the man. leaving him to'wind
ward. The ship was being blown away
from him. They tried to heave him a
lifebelt," .but the ? wind blew ifbaJck
against, the rail... <-?.-.. ; . " •-. •>•-'.
' Still I Sam fought ; manfully. - With
beating hearts they saw him rid .him
self of his gum boots; and even his
oilskin trousers — he ripped them. off
with-his sheathknife. Impulsively -.they
cheered/. Ha was dying' game.-'
;But- the' odds were against ,him.
Farther and farther they drifted away
from, him," catching only an occasional
glimpse of his naked shoulders as he
mounted ¦ the seas "and toppled over
in gullen silence, climb 4 into* their oil
skins, while the seas bans the weather
wall of the forcastle like shells from
heavy guns. : ;.-.;. ¦.'¦;. ¦.¦?¦¦¦;¦:¦¦-. I : : ..^ ¦;^'-iiz- ¦¦•¦'.
' "Eight bells! — relieve the watch!" "
Aye, eight bells; but the watch has yet
to. wait awhile, .for no mortal man
could wade those flooded, decks from
for'd to aft. Sea after sea, green and
white, pour over the bulwarks like the
breaking of a big dam. : $
Finally comes another lull. The ship
pauses as though to" rest, while the
tons of water on deck shot -out
through hawsepipe and scupper. Once
more the deck is visible, covered only
by the foam-rimmed sheets of rippling
water. The lee door of the forecastle
flies open, and one by one the men
shoot out, like bees from a hive, and
scurry aft, fairly throwing themselves
"up^the poop ladder.
\ All hands are aft — all but one. Old
Sam Harland, able seaman. -lingers to
fill his pipe,, as he invariably does, in
. fair . weather or foul. Creeping . Sam
they call" him. At last he crawls out,
shuts the forecastle door and starts
•aft. v
. Suddenly all hands shout and ges
ticulate to. him. He sees, but .the
shouts are lost in the roar of the gale.
Slowly he waddles aft, unconscious of
his danger. Were he to look behind him
he would see coming up on the weather
bow a distant but fast approaching
wall of greenish gray, its white top
apparently licking the low hanging
clouds.
He does see at last, but too late.
The ship gives a quick lurch,' a heave,
attempts to rise to the oncoming bil
lows, but fails. High-up, level with
the forey»rd, towers the white crest.
For one breathless moment to those
aft it seems to hesitate, lifts, leans for
ward, then falls, crashing down on the
whole for'd part of the ship. From
the rail top to rail top the main deck
fills in an instant,- each mast the cen
ter of a whirlpool of yeasty foam.
Then, as the ridge of the wave passes
under the ship, she lurches, rolls over
to windward into the hollow beyond,
dumping her deckload of seething wa
ter over her weather bulwarks Into
the sea.
If you were to put a dry pea into
an empty saucepan and then souse a
bucket of water- over \i you would
understand what happened to Sam
Harland, able seaman. His shipmates
saw him struggling in the foam, saw
him slowly sucked toward the bul
warks, then shot across their top into
the reflux of the sea outside.
' - What they felt is not part of the
-story; such accidents occur often, and
seamen are not prone to describe their
'emotions. "Han • overboard. Sam
Harland, able seaman, lost at sea, Oc-
.tober 5." Such notes are common in.
logbooks. There were few of Sam's.
'shipmates who had not seen this trag- ,
i edy, enacted before. It was what f olr ,
lowed that was unusual. ':¦
¦ T "-Suddenly the mate'gave a yell, audi
ble even above the roar of the" tem
.pesL.
';• .".There he is, boys; away to wind
: ward!" ¦
¦"¦I They crowded "together to- the.
weather rail. | Sure enough, there he
"was,-' a black speck far out in the white'
' froth, his • face ' ; turned* toward j them.
Then he rose on the crest of a wave,
•and -sank^outiof , their sight into the.
¦hollow beyond.'only to reappear again,
mounting another oncoming- billow.
'.'Already he had thrown oft his sou'
wester -" and oilskin coat ?• and was
'Hopelessly beyond all hu-"
'man-aid j he-struggled" still, -while~ ; his
shipmates could only. stand helplessly
THE poets ¦will" tell you that the
6ea never gives up its prey, but
if you were to repeat-that to the
eailormen about the docks of
Honolulu they would tell you "The
poets be blowed!" or something that
would mean the same. They would re
fer you to old Sam Harland, the night
watchman of the railway dock, who
:am« there five years ago on the Henry
B. Howard. You would then demand
more detail, and in a humorous way
they would tell you how the waves once
took old Sam for their own and tried
hard to swallow him, but he proved too
bitter a pill. . even for the hoary old
ita, so it spewed him up again in dis
rust.
"Ye see," they say, '"Sam is a power
ful chap on the booze, an' his old car
cass is so-«oaked with rum that he
couldn't be digested. The sea took bim
and chewed and chewed for quite a
while, but he was Just a bit too tough."
I have heard Sam tell his story, but,
being a rank egotist, he tries to make
you believe that his swimming save!
him. which isn't entirely true. .His
' shipmates on the Howard told quite a
different story, and, according to gen
eral opinion, theirs was the ' tru;
version. '. .¦
The big four-masted bark Henry B.
Howard left New York in May with
general cargo for San Francisco.' Thid
brought her around the Horn in Au
gust and up to the North Pacific in
October, a bad time of year, just when
the equinoctial storms are brewing.
The Howard was just about five hun- ,
dred miles southeast of Hawaii when
one of these bitter gales struck her
and broucbt her hove to under lower
topsails.
The ordinary landsman doesn't quite
realize what a storm In those regions,
at that time of year, means. Sailing
is impossible— the ship that simply
holds her own against those giant mld
*ea billows is doing well. She is
stripped of all but three or four heavy
Uorm sails, enough to give her the
.-iecessary steerageway to keep her nosa
Dcinted toward the oncoming seas, so
:hat they shall not strike broadside on.
/ Thus had the Howard been hove
:o for three days, meeting each foam
tapped billow with an upward toss of
ler bows, sometimes shoving her nose
leep into the green seas,' sending pon
ierous cascades thundering down
'rom her forecastle head, flooding the
rain deck to the cabin aft..' Some
imes the forecastle, an iron' house on
leek, would be entirely submerged,
md then the men of the watch below,
»vho lay in upper bunks, could behold
lie sea through the plate. glass port
joles, as you see in an aquarium, cast
ng. a sickly green light over their
laggard faces and giving them a
leath-like pallor. With a gurgling
•oar -the water would drop and spread
if t, and good, wholesome light of day
tome in again.
Alt on the poop were gathered the
ifficer and the men/ of the watch on
leek, a dozen oilskinhed | figures
tlutching the lifelines rigged from ralP
» rail. Thus they stood, four hours
it a time, drenched, gazing stolidly at'
Jie whirl of spray and • scud about
hem, with nothing to do, ' : only -to:
:tand by. The man at the wheel -was
ashed to his post; his duty it "was 'to"
teep the helm jammed hard -: over.'
juch is the sailor's school of physical'
endurance.
One bell struck— on the poop. Even
tat old martinet, the skipper, would
•xpect no man to strike it for'd^for 1
he bell on the' forecastle" head' clangs
sullenly at intervals In low throaty,
lotes, as the roaring torrents ''pour
ivcr it. Bad enough it is for the man
o dodge for'd in the first lull to the
ee door of the forecastle, to:, jerk
liose drowsy fellows of the-, other
vatchout of their few hours of sram
jer.
"Ho-o-o, ho-o-oo, ho-ooo, all hands
thoy! Awake, ye sleepers! One belt!" •
With sleepy yawns and drawling
mrses, the men dropout of their bunks
» their chests, "and slowly, reluctantly,
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
THE WAVE
THAT GAVE UP
ITS PREY
8Beautiful
Seattle Prize
Baby That
Formerly Lived
in This City.
to nor as her prizo for exceptional
beauty. t
Thus to California really belongs al
most all the honor that has been show
ered upon both of these remarkable lit
tle girls.
And, strange as" it may seem, both
children are of almost equal size, with
hair that nearly matches in brilliant
golden tints shot through with brown,
and with large dark eyes, full of that
sweet angelic quality that is not lost
even befc-re the harsh eye of the cam
era. And in the face. too. when in re
pose, there Is that same serious,
thoughtful expression. Each wears her
hair parted in the center and falling
in soft ringlets about her ears and
throat, and with both children it has
the same natural waviness that be
tokens a gentle, lovable disposition.
And yet in real life each child bears
very little resemblance to the other.
fc-r all that they are so alike in so
many ways. *-'•-.:
But even though they are the only
two children on the Pacific Coast that
won prizes,* the honor Is nevertheless
great, when it is considered that they
were placed in keen competition with
over 1S.0OO other little American chil
dren from all parts of the continent.
It suggests a very interesting point
of comparison, therefore, where these
two fortunate little girls are so much
alike to decide which Is the more beau
tiful. As was said before four pho
tographs of wrtnsome Mistress Moist,
including a large one in the center of
the page, mueh on the same size as
this of Mistress Fischer, were published
last Snnday. Just look up that paper
and compare. them with these and see
which you think should be awarded the
Infantile "Judgment of Paris." But
•whether you feel equal to the taak.or
not, you win find both of them per
fectly adorable children.
LAST Sunday there appeared on
this page several photographs vt
little Margaret Caroline Moist of
Oakland, the on!y baby in Cali-
fornla who was awarded one of the
twelve prizes In the baby contest in
augurated by the Ladies' Home Joui
ral, with an article telling how the
Picture ur*n which the final award has
Just been made by Walter Russell, the
famous portrait painter, had been orig
inally published In the Sunday Call
some months ago as an example of a
beautiful child who was a perfect model
in the untrained art of posing.
And now comes the second peculiar
coincidence
About a year and a half ago a very
pretty little baby girl attracted such
vrfdesprc-ddl attention fn this city that
her mother was finally prevailed upon
to r»fcrmit her to be photographed. She
was a fascinating subject, and nega
tives wf-re made In bewildering variety.
The best of these pictures were pub
lished in the Sunday Call. Almost im
r.»*diately thereafter the little one's
parents moved to Seattle, from which
place some of the photographs that ap
peared in this paper were entered -in
the Journals bis competition, the last
issue of which announced the fact that
little Marie Octavia Fischer was one of
the twelve lucky children, and with the
single e-eeptlon of dainty Margaret
Mcist the only child in the entire West
eo honored; and. moreover, that, as in
the case of pretty Mistress Moist, Mr.
Russell would Journey all the way
across the continent Just to maka
sketches of her, which should eventual
ly be worked, up Into a life-sized paint
ins: costing over (1200 aod be presented
Compare This
With the Only
Other Western
Prize Baby
Last Sunday.
SEATTLE'S
PRIZE
BABYA spring, costume of tan • colored
broadcloth of light weight is: made ex
ceedingly ; smart by/ the addition of fa
belt "of coral suede with : -.a : .big ; gold
buckle set with rhinestones. . The stock
is made of coral* colored panne, with
rhinestone ornaments, and; there arc
large buttons covered with coral suede.
Of course the young woman for whom
this suit is built will carry a coral red
silkrumbrella with handle of gold.: Her
hat will- have' a'. crown of coral : . velvet
geraniums.;
the cleverest of novelties con
sists of * a butterfly j of heroic size,
A most delightfully refreshing depar
ture in the shirt waist" line .was no
ticed in the case of a white linen shirt
waist, which was made In London fash
ion, tailored and smarts looking. It's
trimmings consisted of stitched straps
of white linen and it was ..buttontd
down the right side with ; big white
pearl buttons. This waist, which was
all white, was as dressy as It could *;be,'
and- exactly, the waist" for.' the young
woman who affects severe styles.- .*V
Again in the belt line there was no ;
ticed a girdle made almost entirely of
wheel rosettes of lace, upon a white
satin ribbon, the whole fastened in
.the back under a large wheel of lace
•and in the front under a buckle of sil
ver. This is lovely for the slender girl.
of white daisies upon the v silvered
ground. : • ' ¦
travel alone. • * „ ¦--; ' > y
For evening wear. the lace ruffle is
almost an essential of dress. A very
deep lace flounce, with a chiffon head
ing, Is worn around the neck of a low
corsage and the sleeves consist entire
ly of lace flounces, shirred, to a very
short sleeve and falling over the el
bow and arm. The skirt may or. need
not have its lace ruffles, but, the waist
is made, dressy by; from one to three
arranged across the yoke, as circum
stances and the , gown will permit.' '
Dame Fashion's Novelties. .
In the spring novelties thece is a
crushed velvet . girdle buttoned P with
turquoise buttons, which are placed
right In the middle of the f rent. At the
back there are tabs buttoned to the
girdle with turquoise. ,'"¦-¦. : r f\?.
There are shirt waists of pale blue
lawn with yokes of tan lace. Also shift"
waists of pink flowered goods with deep
white lace collars with stoles of • lace
hanging down the front. These are
particularly lovely:
One of the' daintiest of useful oddi
ties is a wide belt of silver ribbon. The
belt is fastened In the middle of the
front with a' buckle of green gold and
In' the buckle there are set large green
stones of semi-precious value. At the
back there is a long green slide.
A tall slender girl wore a spring odd
ity in the belt 'line consisting of a. belt
of silvered ribbon, embroidered in, long
silver stitches, the pattern being that
It is delightful to study the spring,
styles as they appear, for each new
gown has its own particular feature.
One lovely dress for street, wear has
sleeves ¦ cut off at the elbow. Below
the elbow them was a deep lace ruf
fle, arranged so as to cover the arm,
and around the. edge' of the ruffle
there was run a velvet ribbon, which
was tied loosely- at j the wrist.* Of
course another ruffle of lace fell over
the first one, for ruffles of lace do not
A novelty which can be rated among
the surprises of the season -will, be the
deep gauntlet cuffs, which can be found
now as deep as the elbow.', Over these
gauntlets the upper sleeve falls very
full. The shoulder is N tucked and trim
med. -• 7
A great many sleeves have the deep,
very tight gauntlet, made, -of silk and
lace. .Above., the gauntlet - comes the
full puff, and then there is, the tucked
shoulder. ; The ¦ shoulder,' besides 5 being
tucked, is piped with colored silks. This
is a Birnpl* style for ; the woman of the
season to copy 'and . one that can be
Awomao who Is to attend an Easter
wedding, and who must wear a hand
some gown, has^purchased enough cus
tard colored peau de cynge f or ¦ a f ull
costume.; -Her stock will be «of black
velvet, I edged -with I gold: braid," and her
wide, girdle will be of black velvet laid
in r folds "and stretched out "very deep,
front: and back. Gold.slides will orna
ment it and there will be a big gold
buckle in the front. Her Jewelry ;wlll
be heavy gold and she will carry a large
black fan. ,
. The, belle of thescasqn will! dress in
custard color. Her piazza gown, the
one she wears on fine days, will be a
custard r lawn, embroidered in color?.
Upon-one^slde there* will be embroidered
a garland of roses, and the corsage will
bV: gay/. with , them.' She will combine
black a'nd gold with her custard colored
gown, and her. off ect will be something
entirely -gorgeous, j
Custard -yellow and"gold, carried out
Ini modest- materials, make, an exceed
ingly elegant combination and can be
rccommended'tothe woman who wants
one very nice dress at a very moderate
cost. 1 \ : ¦ .' ; ¦ ¦ ; . ' ¦ ¦" ¦ * '•¦",\a^ :'¦-.
vorked out in natural colors In. silk,
upon a background of net lace. This Is
lined with chiffon and the whoje is. set
upon- the vest of a handsome tan col
ored cloth sown.
WImt the Belle Will Wear.
Ruchings of all kinds are,, in again
and the cleverest things arellone with
them. Ruchings of black shiffon are
used upon shirt waists to make or to
outline a yoke trimming and they are
used upon skirts to head the flounces.
A French dressmaker, with a little
box-plaited niching of white net, pro
ceeded to make a clever design upon
a. shirt waist which was in white lace.
She ; outlined a scroll and worked a
pretty figure In the middle of the
scroll using white lace stitches for the
needlework.
A very clever novelty was lntro-
This tiny little white box plaited
niching looks quite quaint at first, for
It has been so many years since it was
worn, but, on second glance, one sees
how very becoming It is to the com
plexion, arid its way into favor is as
sured. ¦ '_'¦¦' ;¦¦»¦
Not that the little turnovers have
gone out of style, but they are not
quite new to the eye of the fashion
able woman as the little chiffon nich
ing. This, whether made of chiffon,
or.mallne, or lace, or of net. Is sewed
around the stock so as to make a tiny
white rim and is also sewed in at the
.wrists. • \
One of the greatest departures of
dame fashion is the step she has tak
en Into the realm of ruchings. These
are employed at the neck and wrist
and are much used in places of little
turnover bands, which have so long
held first dace.
Lace nnd Ruchinss.
very highly recommended for her
spring and summer gowns. This style
will hold its, own all the season and it
is a style .that Is becoming to every
hend and arm.- •
While mentioning the new features
of the season,. the round neck and the
full sleeve roust not b? forgotten. A
great many necks are cut without the
collar and the neck is finished with
niching.; This is all very nice for the
woman with a pretty throat, but a
little trying fcr the woman with a thin
neck. ,
The full wide sleeve, falling away
from the arm, is also a little hard
upon the woman without an attract
ive hand and wrist. But the new
sle?ves have so many inner ruchings
and r.re so splendidly full and so at
tractively finished that they divert the
eye. They cover the arm pretty well
and form a sort of dressing of their
own. so the thin armed woman can
take comfort.
The banding of the hair with gar
lands needs a chapter all to itself.
The hair, which "is twisted In a long,
low figure eight, is twined with sprays
of flowers, which are pinned into it
with invisible pins. One long spray
can be wound in and out through the
hair or a. little wreath can be laid on
top of "the coiffure. Never were gar
lands more fashionable for hair dress
ing that at just the present time.
Garlands of silk flowers and of met
allic ones and garlands of natural
blossoms will be worn for evening and
for ceremonious dinners, and in ar
ranging these the woman who wants
to introduce novelty must trim her
skirt "with a garland laid In slanting
fashion across the front breadth. She
must also trim her bodice and she
must twine a garland In her back
hair. '
The waist, which was cut on the
shirt-waist order, bloused and belted
under a girdle, had a vest of colored
beads. These were very fine and very
glossy looking, almost like Jewels. The
effect was opalescent and alluring, and
certainly very deceptive from a stand
point of cost, for no nice trimming
could have beendess expensive. Bead
ing ¦ a pattern In little colored beads
upon a cloth skirt is nice work for the
artistic dressmaker.
There has probably never been a
spring in which so many novelties
were introduced. One of the quaintest
yet most effective is the fancy for bead
ing the front breadth of the dress skirt
in fancy designs. A gown of biscuit
coloied cloth has a queer-shaped figure
beaded upon it "just below the belt
and extending south," as the seam
stress expressed it. The pattern was
a big beaded point.
The gown, which was. a very nicely
tailored or.o — a little too fine for pedes
trian wear and intended really for call
lnsr, was banded and piped with tur
quoise blue.
a. new gown made for every occasion,
was ' in champagcs-colored veiHng:.
The front of the skirt was perfectly
plain, displaying a very long, wide
front breadth. Upon the hips at the
skirt was laid in little groups of gath
ers which extended all across the back.
This gave the figure a long, graceful
set of lines. Around the bottom" of
the skirt there were two flounces, each
one with a shirred heading. The shir
ring consisted of several rows' with
fat puffs in between and cordings laid
in the puffs.
A Spring of Novelties.
IT was at a ball in St. Petersburg
that an American belle revived an
o'<?-ncw fashfon.
Her crown, which was a spark
ling tulle, with threads of silver
woven hi it. was trimmed with silver
garlands. One great garland, all made
of si!vcr roses and silvered rose leaves,
was fastened at the side of the skirt
jind trouffht across the front breadth.
It v.as a yard long, not counting the
Ions and 'trailing stem which wound
r. round th" skirt. *' V ; . *,
The tor«-a-e was bordered with sil
vf-r {lowers. And thus the belle
1 rought out a new style, at the same
time scoring a triumph for French
dressmaking, for it was a French
It whs 1 his same belle who wore
r.ext day on the Nevsky promenade in
St. Petersburg a gown of crimson vel
¦NQt. with the nap all crushed. The
trimming consisted of braid sewed
¦upon one «*dge only and of jet cording
which outlined the braid. A little
toque of the sanis material set charm
sngly upon her head. The toqu» was*
irirr.rr.ed with that trimming which
never goes out of style. namsly, u long.
glossy ostrich plume. Her jewelry
was dull silver set with red stones.
While speaking of spring fashions
one must mention the material called
crushed velvet, which, while by no
means a spring material, will never
theless be much worn. Crushed velvet
comes in very light weights and makes
a very lovely spring: gown. It can be
found in all shades and. If well made,
it looks very much like a very nice
quality of baby lamb.
If you are the owner of an old vel
vet gown, or of a waist which you
•wish to "crush," take it and wet it
thoroughly on the right side. Now
twist it violently in the hands, wring
ing it well. Let it lie over night all
twisted and the next day you will have
crushed velvet. This is the best way
for an amateur to make it.
The Flounced Skirts.
In the spring novelties there must
be mentioned the flounced skirts, which
are trimmed with from one to three
¦wide flounces around the foot. The bot
tom one lies upon the floor; the second
one comes half way up to the knees,
and if there is a third flounce It is as
high as the knees. Over this faJIs the
skirt proper, looking like a semi-skirt
or oversklrt.
A great change is taking place Jn
dress skirts, and it takes an artistic
dressmaker to cut and hang them. As
one woman expressed it: "My skirts
are very wide on the floor and very
small at the hips. Yet I can scarcely
tell what makes them so." As a mat
ter of fact, the skirts are cut wide all
the way from the belt to the floor, but
they are tucked and shirred around the
hips to make them set close.
Meny of the new skirts are made in
• many gores and are laid in Inverted
plaits all around the belt. This gives
the skirt a full look without adding to
the 6ize of the hips. Again, a skirt is
R-athered or is laid in accordion plaited
folds around the belt, while the foot Is
Immensely full.
Though skirts are very full, there are
no short women, for every effort Is
being made to preserve the height
Slenderness and tallness are the two
qualities most earnestly desired by wo
men, and all the lines of the skirt are
drawn with a special eye to height and
elenderness.
Thus if you will study the new gowns
you will observe that the skirts, though
full, are by no means dumpy In ap
pearance, and yon will also soe that
the lines are long and flowing, rather
than of tht cutoff order.
A gown, made for a woman v.'ho has
By Augusta Prescott.
A Xew Use for the Gar
land of Roses and an At
tractive Sett 11152: for the
Strings of Beads Which
Are a Part of Kvcry Nice
( ostuine-T-Fasliion Lead
ers Wear Lace Flounces
on Skirts and Bodices,
and They Are Trimming
Their Sleeves 80 as to Use
l*p All the Odds ana Ends
of Wide Lace — Color
Combinations That Are
interesting Dame Fash
ion in Her Latest Friv
olities.
It is not too early to look ahead at
spring fabrics, for the counters are
filled with sprigged goods. One of the
loveliest shows a thin black ground,
upon which sprays of roses are care
lessly thrown. This should be made
up with pink taffeta. But the sum
mer time is quite a. way off and mean
while the woman with a little leisure
can get out to the shops and see for
herself the glories which the mer
chant has spread out for her.
There are buttons of silver, very bril
liant, and there are buttons of Jet. all
of which are used for studding the
crown of the hat.
duced upon a spring gown of golden
brown crepe de chine, one of the neat
est EOWB3 of the season.
Th» skirt, which was oae of th«
very full new skirts rather close in
front but fulf u?on the srtdea and in
the back, wag trimmed with golden
brown ribbon,. which was r>ut on the
3ide In Greek key design- The waist
had a conventional pattern outlined in
rlbtcn.
Wonderf uJ 2f cw Embroideries.
Another cloth gown was trimmed
with lovers' knots In ribbon applied to
the waist and skirt, the one upon the
skirt beinff very large and placed at
the side of the skirt. The cuffs and
the knot design and the stock showed
a knot with trailing: ends.
The fancy Etitchings hare by no
means lost their vogue and the pretty
anr| every adaptable thorn stitch is
nssd to outline other trimmings.
Suits of velvet are stitched with cat
stitch and the canvas suitings are trim
med with bands of cross stitch in Bo
hemian. Armenian and Roumanian
embroidery- These embroideries dif
fer so little that it requires a native to
tell which is which.
The shaded embroidery silks are
coming In again, and this make3 the
pattern bear an opalescent hue. The
colors blend one into another, keep
ing all their gloss and producing
the mo3t excjui3ite effects. This sort
of embroidery is particularly easy to
do and it offers a nice field for the
.woman who has time and a gown
upon her hands." She can change the
suit from a very plain one into some
thing that ia highly favored by fash-
Ion.
The ccvercly plain tailored gown Is
very hard to find. Instead of the plain
severity of the tailored dress one 3ecs
the sov.n with its shoulder capes, threo
deep, .and its stole fronts. One sees the
tailored dress, with its stitched and
strapped hips, and its very full flounce.
And thero is the English tailored gown,
with its elaborate vest of Oriental finish
and desist; and its cuffs, elbow deep. 4
with embroidery and lace and trimmed
with a design upon the shoulder.
The tai!o:rd costumes are robbed .of
their simplicity and nothing remains
of the severity of finish except the
stitchery. the neat seams, the strap
pings and the air of finish which char
acterizes the whole.
A London tailor is making his new
tailored skirts very round and very
fuli. This, somehow, gives the crino
lined effect, or it would do so were it
not very carefully managed.
Velvet for Summertime.
The very round, very full skirts must
be cut long; they must be cut slightly
trained in the back and a little longer
than the ground on the -front and the
sides. The full skirt must also be ar
ranged as to its folds, so that there is
a sweeping appearance with the lin^a
all extending down from the belt, white
around the foot there Is a full flounce
to set off and finish the skirt.
Velvet, that queen of the winter. -
now rules the fashions in their spring
time. A thin velvet suit can be rec
ommended as a general utility gown,
for it makes a handsome carriage or
promenade dress: it is very fine for
a visiting gown; it ia Quite ceremoni
ous enough for receptions. And. for
a gown to have in the wardrobe, it
can be highly recommended to every
woman who desires to be sure of one
nice dress all the season. Moreover,
there is this about velvet that it never
goes out of style and the velvet gown
of this year can be made over into a
velvet shirt waist and separate skirt
next year, while In the seasons that
follow it can be converted Into an
Eton or a bolero or into trimmings
galore.
Velveteen has come into high vogue
lately. No one supposed that It would
ever be so popular for the making of
nice gowns. It was once worn sur
reptitiously as an Imitation velvet, but
it now comes out frankly as velveteen.
It is fine and soft, comes in many
shades and Is quite desirable for gen
eral occasions. In moleskin color,
trimmed with taffeta, it is charming
for spring wear.
The new hats are remarkable for their
becoming features. They are not too
severe; they do not set too far back on
the head; they are not too flat and they
are not too tilted. Taking one feature
with another, the hat of spring will be
the most becoming hat that has been
seen for many a year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
SPRING NOVELTIES IN DRESS
10"True I was considered the most
beautiful girl in Middlesex County and
had received a musical education at
Nashville, Tenn: And whlle'you do, as
as every ! one says, resemble your fath
er, you look enough" like^1 did at your
age to have received some. kind of an
offer. ; Now, what on earth is the mat
ter?! want-to know.-j I must know. "It
is : a mother's privilege. - Something
must be done before old Mrs. Appleby
arid that sister, of : hers, Eliza Sturgls,
begin 'to gossip' from : one end 'of this
town to the other." ¦¦"¦'.'•
. : "Mother," 'said; Bedelia, "I know, that
I am atrifle r short ! ori' pulchritude and
:' ¦' ."-. ' "••• -ii ' ¦ ¦ ' - ¦' '
the spare bedroom, closed the door and
got right down to business.
"Daughter," she said, "the time has
come for me to speak. I have a moth
er's duty to' perform. You have passed
your twenty-third birthday without
tjven . knowing what an engagement
ring feels like. Just think of it. Why
before" I was, sweet sixteenl had worn
a dozen. And they bore the initials of
some mighty prominent men I would
have you understand. For instance
there r is Octavius Trimble, who now
owns every foot of the Hill View Plan
tation. He was perfectly crazy about
me and is said to have tried to commit
suicide .when I married your father.
At ! that time your father was very well
off and didn't drink a drop."
"Take It from me, times have
changed. • The game you" played in
landing father won't go these days.
There was .a time when the men fur
nished the heat, but not so now. The
girl who does not do the warming up
for both parties will never have to
work her, initials in a trousseau."
"Never mind what the Ladies' Home
Journal says,' you stay, back and give
me the chance I have been waiting for
and I will very soon show you how it
feels to be a mother-in-law.; And an
other thing, if you should ever notice
the- light go down while a gentleman is
calling-don't rush in with the *oll can.
It won't be necessary— a little oil goes
a long ways with' the. right kind of a
man." / Do you understand : what I
mean? I thought you would.{ I think I
will wear miy low neck to-night, Charlie
is coming.""
That evening after Charlie left," Be
delia informed : her mother, that they
had decided upon the" 15th of March. .
Moral : It doesn't take long when you
go-atit right. ~- - -^ •*» •• <-^-
my shape is not the kind that men rave
about.' "Also that I have let many a
good .'thing "set by me. But at the same
time I'll gamble that if you will stay
away from that parlor and let me play
my own hand, I will be picking rice out
of my hair, before another year rolls
by."
THE FABLE OF SWEET BEDELIA
must be just so. When you. come
home to your dinner you may be more
than reasonably certain that it will
not only be well cooked, but on time
and served on a spotless cloth and in
a dainty fashion. But like all other
good things she has her faults. Ten
to one she will insist upon your wiping
your feet on the door mat. before you
enter her spick and spa§ hall and she
would not enjoy in the -least. Having
her exquisitely clean curtains perme
ated with cigar smoke, but if you want
to smoke a pipe in the front yard,
doubtless you • will always find it
clean and religiously hanging on the
rack in its own allotted place. ,
The lady fair that brushes the lint
from your lapel softly, slowly and ten
derly with -the last three fingers of
her hand ts tne sentimental one, you
may be sure. . She would' delight In
walking a couple of blocks every even
ing to meet you and then keep you
waiting half an ho\ir for the potatoes
to cook. She Is made up of moods and
whims and as long as you remember
to j kiss her before leaving the house
she will be cheerful and happy and
you need never worry but • that you
will be master or your own domain,
even if you feel -inclined to put your 1
head on the best white silk cushion
and your feet on the white Swiss bed
flounce.
With her as. a wife you will live
eternally in an atmosphere of romance
and billing and cooing, but the house
keeping will have to run itself. When
you have left her to her own devices
she is much more apt to plafnt ferns
and roses in the front yard than she
is to mend your unattractive but nec
essary wearing apparel, and when the
flowers quite satisfy her she takes the
latest novel, hunts a comfy corner and
wanders farther into the land of senti
ment and love making. Don't blame
her, for the girl that uses the second
and third finger unconsciously could
never be expected or, what Is more,
trained to be practical. It simply isn't
In her.
The listless hand is not to be toler
ated for . a single instant, for a hand
that droops wearily from the wrist as
though It didn't have the strength to
hold itself up denotes a weakness of
character and a stupidity of mind that
are Impossible to forget#or to easily
forgive. Look out for her. As a rule
she Is lazy, and she don't care who
knows it She thinks she Is- a wonder
and as a consequence doesn't try/ to
be anything worth cultivating, so she
only, succeeds in being a tiresome bore
that makes the very best hand of a
typical sour old maid.
Of characteristic hands there is just
one more kind— the masterful one.
Instead_of brushing the dust away ten
derly or carefully, she opens her palm
and brushes it off in a calm, broad
fashion and 'as, though she were doing
her duty. Make up your' mind right
then and there that she is the athletic
girl who can sit a mean horse as tran
quilly as she can dance in a ballroom.
She Is one of the. advanced woman's
club's sort of a lassie and revels in
nothing quite as much as bossing her
fellows about and making it known
and felt that she has the biggest finger
in the pie. At home she may attempt
to read the riot act if you arrive an
hour late for dinner, or, worse still,
fail to come at all: but, generally
speaking, if you can convey to her
intelligent shrewd mind that you are
her lord and master and Intend to be
such. to. the end. of the chapter she
will, generally cool down and make a
better, truer woman by being in touch
¦with the men and women who are in
terested In the doings of the world.
How many girls do you know that
have a little habit of pigeon-holing a
man and talking to him an instant in
this charming confidential fashion?
Such a girl is a wise one, for she makes
If you would test some girl that you
find is stealing your heart, study her
hands and if you remember the little
snuggly way that it rested in your own
more than the color of her eyes or
hair you may know that she will guide
you gently and patiently through life
and you had better go no further in
your search. Of all hands, the hand
of hands, that attracts and holds at
tention Is the one that laughs and sobs,
that flutters and flirts and that ex
presses emotions of all kinds, for she
13 the girl that will never grow tire
some or be a hopeless bore, even after
she has turned the comfortable age at
forty, for variety Is the spice of
her life and she will make it her busi
ness to see that your home Is so at
tractive that your friends will flock to
your fireside and will rise up and call
you both blessed.
Have you noticed the girl who throws
her hands out wildly or who grabs at
anything or everybody within reach
when she Is frightened. She'll lead you
a merry, merry life, for she Is as full
of moods and tantrums as an egg is of
meat. Instead of making marriage her
forte in life she ought to take up the
stage as a profession, for the dramatic
hand never fails to have long, slender
fingers and a sinewy back.
A woman's face may be perfectly Ir
resistible, but her hands. If they are at
all expressive, are perfectly fascinating.
No matter how soft and white, how
loaded down with rare and beautiful
jewels, the fat hand repels rather than
attracts. It Is too complacent, too self
satisfied, and at a glance one may read
ily know that its possessor hasn't the
least particle of fluffy, rollicking sense.
And another hand that falls to at
tract attention is the one that suggests
the thumb too plainly. Without know
ing exactly why you may like a girl,
yet there is a weird something about,
her that will not out. Look at her
thumbs carefully and If they are too
prominent and are used too express
ively make it your business to spend
your evenings elsewhere, for the thumb
expresses that which Is lowest and the
Coarsest,, and it was meant distinctly
for use and not for beauty.
you fsel as tnougn you were the only
person on earth that she would dream
of being so familiar with. Give her a
bow of ribbon or a sprig of green and
v/atch her manipulate it. Daintily,
jauntily, with her hand upturned from
the wrist and the object held by the tip
of her ngers, will she turn and twist it
until she is quite satisfied, and in this
selfsame, alluring manner will she coax
the money from your pocket until she
has plenty for her purpose. She hasn't
studied the arts of the world for
naught.
ONCE upon a time there lived in
the town of Splurgeville an aw
fully nice girl. Her name was
TBedelia.
Bedelia was old enough to have her
own say about it and was laying for a
chance to prove it to some man .who
was sober and industrious. * Mother
urged her to make a few concessions
just for the sake of gaining time.
Whenever one of the young : gentle
men dropped in of an evening, mother
would get into her ¦ flowered wrapper,
touch up her complexion and prance in
to the parlor to extend the 'glad hand
and be real pleasant. No matter which
one it happened to be, mother would do
her best to have him feel that when the
proper time came he, of all the men in
the world, could bank on her approval.
After putting it -up 'to. him so strong
that it really wasn't worth while leav
ing anything to his imagination, moth
er would beg to be excused while she
ran for the 'lemonade and' layer cake.
When the refreshments were "over it
would be time for the caller to be~ going.
Bedelia would see him to the door and
say, 4 "Now do . come back real - soon.
We'll surely.- have better, luck* next
Ume.":She used. these lines every night
for about six consecutive seasons. ."
In the* course of time mother became
desperate. '. So- 'she" called' Bedelia Into
Then there is the girl who brushes
specks from your coat Make a scien
tific study- of that hand, for it will tell
you a variety of stories. If she picks
up the bit of thread very carefully
and between the thumb and fore
finger, it Is an assured sign that she
is not only a practical woman, but
that she possesses executive ability
as well. Her very care tells you, or
It should, that she would not run any
chances and that one doing is quite
sufficient If you. are a crank on or
der, marry her, for she is just the sort
of woman to run about from room to
room after you picking: up your be
longings that have been scattered in
your progress. There won't be any
more socks with the heels and toes
out or any more trousers that look as
though they _ had never seen the in
side of a tailor shop, for she is
methodical by nature and ' will take
delight in seeing that the. wheels of
her house are always well oiled.
Generally she is an abject slave ! to
this selfsame house and everything
artificial in the bargain. And the se
cret is very, very simple. There are
opportunities galore for you to pass
her a glass of water or to attract her
attention just as she is reaching for it.
Unconsciously and .without thinking of
herself in the least, she will take the
glass and then is your coveted oppor
tunity. If she holds it with her thumb
and first finger and bends her second
and little finger in an affected manner,
don't trust her, for she is artificial be
yond a doubt Then look to the drink
ing part. If she drops her eyes and
contemplates the bottom of the glass,
you may be certain that she is modest,
retiring and thoroughly lovable, but
if she gazes wistfully or laughing over
the top of the crystal, she is a natural
born flirt and is intent on landing you
as high and dry as she can without
making it too apparent.
The girl who wears a chain about
her neck and then puts in her days
fingering and counting each bead and
sliding them back and forth is restless
and has a boundless supply of energy
which is worked off in this fashion/ Sho
must be up and doing and if she la
forced to lead a humdrum sort of ex
istence for a couple of hours she frets
and fusses and works herself and
everybody else that chances to come
near her into a nervous state that is
anything but pleasant. Beware of her,
for she wouldn't wear well at all after
the excitement of the honeymoon was
over. Each day" she must go just so
much whether she is accomplishing
anything or 'not/and she is exactly the
girl that insists on dragging a man out
to a reception when he has come home
tired and his home seems about the
best and most inviting place on earth
to him.
*~7\ BIT or advice to you, Mr. Man.
f I Instead of looking Ions and
{^ I earnestly at a girl's piquant,
JL laughing face, look at her
hands and see if they tell you any
thing that is well worth kno'wing. For,
even if you don't know it, you can tell
for a certainty whether she will make
a good wife or not by the Way she
brushes an imaginary speck from your
coat or arranges a flower in your but
tonhole. - % You needn't sniff the air and
look wise, for you really cannot afford
to let such a golden opportunity pass.
Watch the way fhe passes you your
teacup, and you can tell, if you are any
judge of human nature, whether she
will hurl that self-same cup at you the
morning after your first night out, or
whether she will devote herself to bath
ing and fussing over your splitting
head, and have the common sense to
delay her lecture until the world is
looking just a trifle more cheerful and
your stomach is a bit more settled and
consequently up to a serious talk.
There are an infinite number of sug
gestive things that you can discover
about miladl fair If you will study her
hand scientifically; but, remember, first
of all. that It Is not quite the easiest
subject on earth to master. For in
stance, note the way she gives you the
tip of her dainty fingers in shaking
hands, and you may Judge of the
warmth and depth of her love and the
sincerity of heT heart.- True, it is a
bit awkward to note your best girl's
fingers when they are encased in your
own. and you cannot very well mi
nutely "investigate, even if the idea
suddenly occurred to you, the lines in
her hand when you are squeezing it
and murmuring sweet nothings.
But there will come an hour when
you can't manage to -say a new or
clever thing to save your life, and then
Is the time to sit up and take notice, as
It were.
Y» r eII-bred people can control the
muscles of their faces to an astonish-
Ins: degree, but no woman, from Ma
rianne, the actress, to Mary Ann, the
cook, can control the twitching hands
that are always such a give-away. It
isn't such a difficult art to smile when
you feel like crying, to purr when you
fec-l like kicking the house into splint
ers, but if you can hold the telltale
hands and fingers passive and quiet
you should be classed with the nine
v.nnders of the world.
There are hosts of little tricks that
are hers by right, but trust every
daughter of Eve" to make the very most
of them. For instance: There Is the
Girl who is Jolly and entertaining, but
by handing her a glass of water you
may find out to your complete satis
faction whether she is a coquette and
THE " SAN- FRANCISCO : SUNDAY v CAIX."
THE HAND THAT
ROCKS THE CRADLE
11The meteorologist is gradually divest
ing the wind of Its mystery, and is able
to explain convincingly how. and when
it originates. Tfce study of a great
number of observations taken simul
taneously all over the country, , and in
fact all over two continents, has en
abled the expert to foresee just when
Wind's Mystery.
;-, -"" "-' : ' ' HE cunning hand of
BKA»s3!Ea3&!fl| the animal trainer
||~"~"^' J^' ;i^**^3 has provided the
>>»§ NjP« mo^t curious mount
i*|$j! 5K23© in the world for chil-
EyKi S|23 dren. A bridle and
PJffiSJgg^ bit fastened in the
BBSKBsVBBKa mouthr of the giant
tortoise make him an obedient
animal; , under the guiding fingers
of . : a child, seated . on/ his , monster
shell.. These strangest of all rides are
frequently enjoyed by the grandchil
dren of ;Carl Hagenback on the t spa-
clous lawn in front of h: 3 residence at
Hamburg Although as slow as the
torto-o of Aesop's fables .:x running
his race, the unwieldy animal is sure
footed enough to make this childish
pleasure without danger to the merest
naby. Losing the saddle from the back
of a tortoise is nothing -more than a
sprawl from a height that cannot In
jure the Innocent rider. Mr. Hagen
l~ick has brought some of. his famous
rldln- turtles to the World's Fair.
The largest incubator ,, ever, made :!¦
fifty-one feet long and a little over four,
feet wide. -It has fifty : compartments
and in each of .these there are two
trays, or. one hundred trays all told.
Each tray holds at least seventy-five
eggs, making the total incubating ca
pacity of this single machine 7500 eggs..
It takes twenty-one days to hatch
eggs. X whether they ¦„ are '.. placed under
a hen or in an incubator.. Estimating'
that the hatching season' opensl March/
1 and continues to August < 1'' this ma
chine would handle 50,000 eggs,* end if
50 per cent of them hatched it would
Huge Incubators
Without being crowded to the limit
of its capacity the largest pump in the
world can deliver 2.500,000 gallons of
water every hour in the twenty-four.
Moreover, it will do the work without
making as much noise as is made by
the operation of the old style sewing
machine. Outside the doors of the
great building which houses it no sound
is heard from within, and standing be
eide the monster upon the brink of the
pit connected with the lake from which
the water is taken, almost the only
sound is the noise, of the suction, as
with every stroke more than a thou
sand gallons are lifted.
It is a triple, expansion pumping en
trine, with a capacity of 60.000,000 gal
lons, standing nearly 60 feet In height,
end requiring 1500 horsepower for Its
operation. It has been proved by actual
test that the nominal capacity can be.
'"Who wears paper vests?" the sales
man said. "Why, people that are
around much out of doors and exposed
tc the cold and on days such as we have
been having this winter men hot per
haps commonly much exposed who saw
them in the window would come In and
look them . over and buy one and hot
The paper vest, as it is called, a mod
ern device for protection from the cold,
is made of ordinary cambric with an
interlining of a tough, flexible paper
suited to the purpose, that will not
break or crack when bent or crumpled
when the vest is wrapped around the
body. It is made without buttons and
buttonholes, being kept closed when
worn by means of tapes which tie
around the body.
Made of such, materials and in that
simple form the paper vest is. very In
expensive. It sells for. 50 cents. It is
commonly worn under the outer shirt,
but it may be put on over the wearer'3
waistcoat if he chooses to wear it there.
Largest Pump
Paper Vests.
There are no better horsemen in the
world than the cavalry officers of the
Italian army. \
To run an ordinary foot race Is easy
enough, but to»run at full speed for
several hundred yards holding in one
hand a spoon on which rests an egg
and to reach the goal without dropping
the egg Is a feat which must be prac
ticed carefully a long time before it
can be performed successfully and as a
result there are not many who can be
sure of accomplishing It whenever they
try. Great, therefore, was the surprise
when an Italian officer mounted on
horseback performed this difficult feat.
Moreover, he selected a course in which
there are two or three high fences, and
these he cleared at full gallop without
losing the egg.
Egg Riding
New Sport for Children at St. Louis
Automobiles being now in fashion,
several persons who are fond of this
new sport have Lad their carriages
tattooed on their arms, and it is even
said that in some cases the name and
address have been added, with the ob
ject of providing adequate marks of
identification in case of accidents.
Tattooing is now very -popular in
London and two or three men who
have acquired considerable skill in this
novel art are rapidly making a. fortune.
One of them claims to have already
tattooed 15,000 persons, of whom 1500
were women, un two of these women
he has done his best work, reproducing
on one with his needle the famous
"Descent from the Cross" and on, the
other the "Ecce Homo." He has also
drawn. numerous portraits of men and
women and has inscribed many mottoes
in the Abyssinian, Chinese and Arabic
tongues. . Moreover, he has tattooed
marriage rings on the fingers of many
women, who have desired in this way
to give a proof of their eternal fidelity
to their husbands.
Tattooing Fad
'When Mab«l smiles she shows the world
Two rows of teeth so dazzling white*
They almost rival Alpine snows;
Indeed, no words that I may writ*
Will half portray the lovely eight.
They are the envy of the g!r!s. .
The charm which moat attracts the raetu
Who alm«t fight to raach her aids;
There's always one. and sometimes tea.
Waiting for her to smile again.
And though the praise to Mabel roes.
And all the admiration, yet
I, who am her dentist, find
One satisfaction which I get—
I know I made a lovely set!
KENNETH F. IjOCICWOODw
The number of Irrigating ditches
and canals in operation In the United
States exceeds 20,000 and their com
bined length is not less than 50,000
miles. i:>'f ;
Every woman thinks that all men
except her husband should get uj> and
give their seats in a car to ladies
standing.
portance to Bcience to know how and
why. Under, g'uch a pressure as this
machine can exert, marble, limestone,
granite and other solid rocks exhibit
this queer phenomena, though the rate
of motion is very slow, of course. The
Carnegie Institute has just made a
grant- of $2000 for the purpose of this
investigation. The shaping of the
earth's crUst under the force of gravity
Probably the shabbiest as well as
the most interesting bag in New York
City is that* which has been used for
the last twenty years to carry the
money from the Postoffiee to the United
States Bank. In its best days it was a
very ordinary affair of canvas and
till the next rainy season. The flying
gurnard will keep ahead of an ocean
liner going at full speed, and fly_for
many minutes in quick successive
flights of 300 yards or so at a time.
$40,000,000 Bag
Several amethyst beads of the rich
est and deepest purple, about a quarter
of an Inch in diameter, are In the pos
session of Edward Ayer of Chicago.
He obtained them from Dashone,
Egypt, they being from the treasures
in the tomb of Princess Merit, daughter
of Amenhotep II of the Twelth Dy-.
nasty. »
Some of the most remarkable Egyp
tian jewelry ever discovered has re
cently been unearthed. The date as
signed is as remote as 5000 B. C, but
the workmanship in gold and jewels is
marvelous. In exploring the tomb of
King Zer it was found that the tomb
had been entered for robbery at some
remote period and that the plunderers
had broken off the arm of the mummy
queen and hidden it in a crevice in the
wall — perhaps on being discovered or
alarmed — and had never returned to re
move It.
On taking off the wrappings Professor
Petrie found four magnificent brace
lets of gold, with amethyst* turquoise
and lapislazuli in varied and elegant
adjustments. The gold work was pecu
liarly fine and delicate, though the
metal was soft and pure, apparently
with no hardening alloy. The stones
were beautiful and very strikingly and
peculiarly arranged.
That is what is commonly, designated
locally as "the mountain breeze," and
which from its origin is practically -in
one constant direction, though the in
tervention of powerful storms may tem
porarily reverse the customary move
ment. Vice versa during the day the
presence of warmer and therefore light
er air near the earth causes a move
ment of the atmosphere with an up
ward tendency, creating, the so-called
valley, breezes. In certain favorably
situated localities the appearance of the
mountain or the valley breeze is a3
regular as clockwork, the transitional
period being marked by a calm.—Phila
delphia Record.
at night the layers of air near the earth
become cooled, and as cool air Is heav
ier than warm air, a law of physics that
is generally appreciated theoretically,
but usually overlooked practically,
this heavy air tends to move down .the
hillside. The tendency becomes after a
time, sufficiently pronounced to produce
a general downhill movement, eventu
ally resulting in a perceptible breeze, j
>. / -^g5gggC'N3 UITE new and dis-
ure in trained ani
"^y^^j^^^^f) magnificent polar
'y^S^'^j bears that will be
W^yZ/jjhij^r exhibited at the St.
\ffljJzf j+lr**** Louis World's Fair.
These huge snow white cumbersome
beasts have been taught to go through
many feats, not the least amazing and
ridiculous of which is an afternoon tea
with their trainer.
They, will be shown in the great the
ater, seating 8000 persons, where a con
tinuous performance will be given dally,
beginning at 9:30 a. m., and lasting un-'
til 10:30 p. m. f without repeating any of
the features. , •
A caged circular arena" filling the en
tire prescenium arch of the theater
separates the beasts from the orches
tra floor, sloping backward to the semi
circular rear of the auditorium. At
the back the seats rise higher than a
foyer, -following the curving wall of
the theater.
Sunk beneath the seats' and facing
the foyer along Its entire swing around
the * orchestra circle, will be dens of
beasts. Catacombs leading from these
dens to 'the stage and from the open
air panorama to the stage permits the
safe transferral .of the animals to the
performing arena. The entire wild ani
mal show covers an area of 400 by 400
feet.
AH' the pleasures of sleighing and of
bicycling might have been combined in
a curious freak ice wheel had it been
wholly successful. The odd looking
vehicle, which was contrived years ago,
was mounted on runners which were In
tended to glide over the ice or snow
swiftly and smoothly like an ordinary
sleigh. The motive power was supplied
by an ordinary velocipede or bicycle
mechanism. The revolution of the
wheel forced a series of sprockets to
dig rapidly into the snow or ice, thus
propelling the contrivance.
Mabel's Secret
Ancient Jewels
The largest diamond in the world ia
still uncut and is In exactly the form
in which it was found. The stone
weighs 971 carats and Is valued at $130.
000. It Is a product of the Kimberley
mines and is not so perfect as many
others, or its value would, of course,
be much greater. Its form, besides,
makes it necessary to sacrifice "consid
erable of Its bulk if ever perfectly
dressed and cut.
Biggest Diamond
A. E. Wheeler erf Geneva, N.Y., has
recently invented a music- squirting
hose, which is capable of distributing
music to any considerable distance. Al
ready twenty families are being enter
tained by his nightly' concerts a'hun
dred miles away, and all at the same
time, every note reaching the ear dis
tinctly^ ' There is about sixty feet of
ordinary rubber tubing, one end being
attached to the diaphragm of a phono
graph machine and the other end to
the transmitter of the telephone. Mr.
Wheeler has succeeded in getting the
sound into the N transmitter of the tele
phone In such a way that the harsh
effect on the other end "of the wire Is
entirely eliminated.
Squirting Music
In Italy it appear* to be* a somewhat
expensive affair te inherit money, that
is, if it be a small sum. Not long ago
a young man died in the little town of
Romag-na, who left one lire fifty-eight
eentesimi. or not quite 34 cents. This
sum, which had been deposited in the
Postc-fflce Savings Bank, became the
property of the young man's father.
As the amount was so small the father
thought it unnecessary to make a dec
laration of the legacy au the law pre
scribes, especially as the stamped paper
on which the declaration must be made
wou]6 J9st about 22 eentesimi more
than the money involved.
Three months afterward he received
a demand from the local State Treasury
for the payment of 14 lire 48 eentesimi—
nearly $3. Thinking a mistake had
been made, he took no notice of this
demand, with the result that later an
official called upon him and demanded
the Immediate payment of 18 lire— 53 50.
The father had not sufficient money in
hand, so the official took possession of
the man's furniture. Tne cost, of this
seizure brought the total sum to 30 lire,
which the poor man had to pay that
same evening to avoid the sale of his
goods by auction.
Hand* 'off the publlo schools! They stand
For what is highest in this land;
And they must stand, as they havs stood.
The nation's undivided good.
To Jew and Gentile, rich and poor.
They are the ever open door
To that condition which must be.
If we expect #afe guarantee
To freedom and those rights of mas >¦•>
Which place this nation in the van
Of progress and maintain it there.
Their lamps of knowledge, shining; fai»
In town and country, everywhere.
Dispel th« darkness, and their light
Burns for the everlasting: right —
The right that no s»ct dares dispute.
Nor any doctrine substitute
Some theologic eham to take
The place of what ia God's own make.
In thronging cities, quiet towns.
By wooded vales and meady downs
The schoolhouse standa on sacred sod.
The shrine and symbol of a God
Whose truths, unchanging: and dlvln*.
In unity forever shine.
And there the children, of all lands
And varyinB faiths, join brother hands
In that one faith, the creed of creeds-
Man's betterment in all his ne?ds.
WILLIAM J. LAMPTON.
Ross, Hertfordshire, can boast of a
church where two fine elms are growing
one. on either side of a pew occupied
by a member. samed John Kyrle, Mr.
Kyrle was a great lover of trees, and
especially of elms, of which he planted
an avenue near the church. One of the
trees of this avenue was cut down, and
It is supposed that its offshoots have
grown up inside of the church at each
end of the pew. The parish church at
Kempsey contains a chestnut tree
which grows from the tomb of Sir Ed
ward Wilde. The school children of the
village used to sit In the chancel, and
i| is said oh one occasion their teacher
found one of them eating a chestnut,
and that 'he snatched it away and
threw it behind the tomb, where it took
root and has flourished.
Trees in Church
Huge Polar Bears Give a Pink Tea
A hydraulic machine, capable of pro
ducing a pressure of 120* tons to the
square inch, has recently been set^ up at
the McGIll University in Montreal for
the. purpose, of investigating the so
called "flow of rocks." For it is a fact
that a rock. can flow, and it Is of lm-
Flow of Rocks.
The pump is housed in a special
building near the shore of Torch Lake
and below the mills, and it forces a
steady stream of water to the upper
portions of the mill, where innumerable
small Jets of water play upon the great
slime tables and Jigs. Here the specific
gravity of the fine particles of copper
contained In the rock separates the
mineral from the worthless sand, and
the size and force of the streams of
water are so nicely regulated as to
wash away the sand and yet carry wit>
it the minimum of copper.
Costly Legacy
The duty of the pump Is to furnish
water for the great stamp mills of the
Calumet & Hecla Company, which has
twenty-two steam pumps in continuous
operation, daily pulverizing 5000 tons of
conglomerate rock into sand so fine that
it can be carried away by a stream of
jwlftly running water.
easily maintained for an indefinite time
without Injury or strain, and that
pushed to its full capacity the pump
could handle approximately 75,000,000
gallons In twenty-four consecutive
hours. ""
wind and storm will arrive at certain
sections of the country. •
¦ Of course, the physical topography of
any neighborhood has its Influence on
the local storms, fogs and prevailing
winds. The "mountain"* and "valley"
breezes that are so eagerly sought dur
ing the summer recreation jar sojourn
is an instance of the effect of. moun
tains on local climate and weather con
ditions. As explained by W. S. Tower,
assistant, in meteorology in Harvard
University, because of active radiation
Many fish cut a much better figure
out of water than we do in it, though
are acciistomed to think of them as
inhabitants of the water only. For in
stance, there is the "stare-about," a
kind of goby that at ebbtide walks
calmly up on the sand banl« erect on
two huge fore fins. With his gigantic
goggle eyes he keeps a Eharp lookout
for crabs and such things as are left
behind by the" receding water. Then
we all know- that eels can wriggle,
snakelike, miles across the meadows to
other ponds and rivers.
In Holland carp are kept all. winter
hung up in a net and sprinkled only
occasionally with water. The Indian
"shake-head". Is quite happy even when
his native pond dries up, and lies torpid
A celebrated doctor in Rheims, while
visiting a patient and listening to hie
troubles, put his hand in his pocket and
mechanically rubbed together some
pastils which were there. Suddenly a
slight explosion took place and at the
8*me time the doctor experienced a
eharp pain in his hand. Upon examina
tion he found that the bottom of his
pocket was burned out and that his
under linen was much scorched, while
one of his fingers wax also injured.
He remembered that he had carried
in his pocket for some days two pastils
containing chlorate of potash and one
pastil containing chlorate of sugar. The
la*t named was broken into little pieces,
•while of the potash pastils one was
intact but no trace could be found of
the other. It seems that the doctor
had rubbed the chlorate of potash pastil
against the chlorate of sugar pastil and
that at the point of contact a small
quantity of explosive powder had been
formed. This had Ignited, with the re
sult that the chlorate of potash pastil
had been instantly decomposed.
ONE sees occasionally in. the
daily press an account of the
blowing out of the fuse on an
electric car. Now the greatest
dan.r~T to the passengers in such a c*aee
lie? in the possibility of some unex
pected happening < ausing a panic. It h
therefore most desirable that everyone
ehoui<J know what may be expected tc
happen on a car, and that the happen
ing is not necessarily an indication of
danger.
If a steam engine is overloaded, it
will stop and refuse to work, although
the full pressure of steam may Im
pinge upon the piston, and not cause
any danger. On the other hand, a ma
tor, when overloaded, tries Its best to
do the work thrown upon it. If it can
not run at full speed It will run at
¦whatever speed it can. As the speed
decreases', the current through the
motor increases, and the motor adjusts
itself to that speed at which the turn
ing effort is sufficient to cause rota
tion and do the work.
The current which will flow through
a motor when It is standing still is in
fcimost all cases far in excess of that
¦wheh the motor is designed to carry;
and. indeed, in a well-designsd motor
& current dangerous for the mator will
be leached before the motor hn3 been
stalled. The effect of this heavy cur
rcrt on the motor, if allowed to con
tinue, is to heat the windings to a dan
gerous degree and destroy the insula
tion, possibly setting it on fire; and it
is to prevent this occurrence, whether
due to careless handling of the car or
to unexpected causes, that the fuses
ere used. A fuse is simply a short
piece of wire of such size that it will be
melted by a current which. If allowed
to flow through the motor for any time,
will damage it. When a fuse blows,
then, it simply means that one of the
safety devices on the car has operated
to prevent damage to the motor. The
melting of the fuse opens the circuit
end cuts off the current from the mo
tor. To protectthe car the fuse is in
clcsed in a fireproof box.
There is another device for accom
plishing this purpose, ¦which Is known
as the circuit-breaker. This is a
switch controlled by an electromagnet,
which opens whenever the current
reaches a certain dangerous value. This
mechanism ia now generally installed
upon • electric cars in addition to the
fuse. It is often placed on the roof of
the platform over the motorman's
hf&i, where it is easily reached, and it
is set to operate at a higher current
value than the fuse, because the cir
cuit-breaker acts almost lnstantane
ously.while it takes a little time for the
fuse to be melted. Now, a motor can
stand for a second or two a current
which would destroy it if applied for a
longer period. The circuit-breaker,
then, takes care of heavy overloads,
and the fuse protects the motor against
those smaller currents which are dan
gerous if applied for a considerable
time.
When a fuse blows there is generally
a volatilization of the metal of the fuse
and a slight explosion. These explo
sions usually cause a report and some
smoke. When the circuit-breaker is
opened' it draws an electric arc in
breaking the circuit, and as in this arc
a considerable amount of energy is dis
sipated in heating the air, there may be
here also something of an explosion;
but in neither case is there any danger
to the passengers when the apparatus
is properly Installed. The fuse and the
circuit-breaker are safety devices, the
operation of which indicates, not that
there is danger to those on the car, but
that danger to the motors has been
averted. — Electrical Review.
Odd Accident
A source of constant annoyance and
injury to storekeepers, especially retail
ers, in extremely cold weather is the
gathering of frost on their display win
dows. Various devices have been tri ed
to remedy it, such as the application of
glycerin and other chemicals, but
these are generally of little avail.
In Northern ' Russia, where aero
weather is not an uncommon experi
ence, the owners of display windows
employ as an effective protection
against frost a . three-inch space be
tween two panes of glass. The outer
sash is rendered as nearly tight as pos
sible by calking and pasting strips over
the crevices. A second saeh Is then
fitted and inserted about three inches
within the first. This double sash ia
said to keep out moisture, and If the
glass is kept 'clean and dry is said to be
effective. At any rate, this plan Is
worth trying in these days, when win
dow dressing has become so Important
an art. The device involves sound sci
entific principles.— Boston Herald.
B lowi ng
a Fus e
Frosted Windows.
carry It away done, up, but put it right
on and wear It away. And women
cGme in and buy them for their men
folks.' 1
The paper vest comes from Chicago.—
New York Sun. '
Emperor William likes a cigar, but
according to recent reports from Berlin,
he has v now learned that no cigar Is
comparable to good tobacco smoked In
a good pipe. In his smoking room there
are several pipes, but some he has
never used, and there is only one
which he constantly uses. A beauty it
Is, having been fashioned by the Kaiser
himself. The bowl, which is larger
than usual, is of meerschaum; the stem,
which is rather long and delicate, is of
THirklsh wood; .a finely carved cluster
of leaves ornaments ,the bowl and a
large silver W, on which a silver 'bird
is perched, decorates the stem. In, this
pipe the. Emperor smokes Havana to
bacco which is specially prepared for
him. : . ¦
* Japan consists of four large islands
and many small ones, more than
4223 in all. Its area is 162.655 square
miles, and its population 44.260.606.
of whom 22,329.925 are men and -1.
630.6S1 are woman. The country is
very mountainous, and not more than
one-sixth is available for cultivation.
The soil is productive, teeming with
all kinds of agricultural products,
among which are the camphor tree,
paper mulberry, vegetable wax tree
and lacquer tree, tobacco plant, tea
shrub, potato, rice, wheat and other
cereals. There is great abundance of
fish on the coasts. The flowers are
rich and beautiful and varied.
Fruits are plentiful. Agriculture
h»% the chief occupation. The
principal industries art* ' conducted in
factories for silk, cotton, cotton yard,
matches, paper, glass. Japanned ware,
porcelain and bronze, .and ship build
ing in the yards. Copper, iron and sul
phur abound. Agate, cornelian and
rock crystal are also found. There
are also coal, gold and silver mines.
The chief imports are raw cotton
from China, the United States and
Qndia; piece goods, metals, woolens,
wool, drugs, rails, locomotives and
machinery from the United States
and Europe. Sugar is largely Import
ed from Hongkong. Austria, China,
Formosa and Germany; Indigo from
Germany and British India; kerosene
from the United States; beans, peas
and pulse -from China and Korea;
rice principally from Korea and Brit
ish and French India. The chief ex
ports are silk, cotton yarns, rice, tea,
fish, copper, matches, coal, camphor,
Btraw plaits and marine products.—
Detroit Tribune.
Emperor's Pipe
Japanese Facts.
mean 25,000 young- stock. However,
the percentage of eggs hatched will no
doubt run much higher than this, at
least to; 75 per cent, which would
mean 37,500 young stock. A hen sets
on from twelve to fifteen 1 eggs,' so that
giving each hen the 'latter, number of
eggs' ;, would mean that to. equal the
hatching capacity of this one incubator
one would have to set no less than 2500
htfns.'. ¦' v: ':•:>"•:
is the study to which the information
thus obtained will be applied.—Phila
delphia Record.
Wrestling as a form of athletic ex
ercise seems to * be common to all
nations and throughout all history.
Curiously the tribes in the interior of
Africa have been found to be skillful
wrestlers, as are the natives of India
and the Indians of America. The rules
governing wrestling matches among
the Navajos. singularly enough, are
very similar to those recognized among
civilized people for centuries.
leather, but now, in Its old age It seems
hardly worth a glance to one not
familiar with Its story- K Is calculated
that each year this bag- has held no
less than J2.000.000, and that during the
twenty years 'or its existence it has
held within its dingy cover a sum of
$40 000.000. Stnall as it is, Jt has often
taxed the strength of two men to lift
it with Its precious burden.
JTHE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
Navajo Wrestler
Fish on Land
Public Schools
Ice Bicycle
THE SCRAP BOOK PAGE
12No Brokers Are
Well s fist cwifc
arad All
Are Regarded
as K.a£]&er
tSuspicio-us
Characters.
Old Monitors
such of the Russian officers as have
not private means or do not obtain
financial assistance from some outeide
source are forced to live in a condition
not far removed from actual poverty.
A ::ew uniform to a man wbo depends
on Ws pay is quite impossible. As a
matter of fact, almost all (he higher
officers came from more or less wealthy
families, and if they marry they are
supposed to select only rich girls as
wive*,* '
The most astonishing strength of the
Russian army is in its cavalry branch.
The Agricultural Department at Wash
ington estimates that in all the world
there are about 65,000,000 horses. The
The Russian officers are paid a little
better, but not eo much so as to cause
any particular gasping for breath. A
Russian lieutenant gets about $200 a
year, a captain about $300, and a major
J45O. It will be seen therefore* that
tirr.es as much per year. When it is
considered how little the Russian pri
vate has to spend it is easy to see why
he should be eager and quick "on the
lwt."
The enlisted men in the United States
army are paid mire than three times
th^t amount per month or about forty
the Czar's forces now
being hurried across frozen Siberia to
Manchuria it is interesting to know
that the wages of a common 6oldier In
the regular army of Russia do not
amount to more than 1 cent a day,
though his food, clothing and equip
ment are provided by the Government.
His regular allowance for spending
money for all purposes is Just a little
more than a ruble a year, but extras
of various kinds bring the grand total
up to a little less than $4. This sum is
supposed to, cover all his expenditures
for tobacco, spirits and luxuries of
every kind. ¦ v
;— vy, a?t£t HILE the newspapers
3*"3f»"£j«2 of the world are
B^ ?H 7&iF$ teeming with ac-
counts of the sulTer
rtr& A> rf^j? Ings and privations
Pyyffiffiffj and the general rough
'i -niiirii i r .f """' ',^j treatment endured by
"Fires In one part of, the country and
another are gradually taking , the eld
fashioned safe out of existence, and
manufacturers are not putting others
on the market to take • their places.
There is no denying the fact that cheap
safes are made. Some of them look
handsome in an office, but they are no
more protection against fire than so
much wood.- A man who buys one of
these safes | knows .what he is getting
for his money, just as well as a man
who Jibuys a dollar ; watch. They are,:
therefore, not worth considering in dis
cussing the development of the up to
date safe. : •
i '.'Manufacturers used to aim to make
a safe that was both burglar proof and
fireproof. They do • not • do r that now.
A fireproof ; safe-^lhat ' is " a ; safe that
will absolutely - preserve'- its '< contents
onslaught of the Bal
timore fire. Rival makers, in their New-
York warehouses, exhibit piles of tele
grams from agents sent to Baltimore
to look ever the ruins, saying that safe
number so-and-so came out of the
flames with nothing injured except the
beauty of Its appearance, and with the
inside "as sweet as a nut," to quote an
expression used in more than a dozen
telegrams. Fine safes are numbered,
like fine watches, and it is easy to- keep
track of them.
"The Baltimore fire has given as se
vere a test as could be desired of the
safe and the safe-deposit vault that
has been brought to perfection within
the last ten years," said the manager
of one of the largest safe manufactur
ing firms on Broadway. "At the time
of the Chicago fire there was no-thing
like them* in existence. The modern
safe is as much of an Improvement over
those In. use then as the modern battle
ship Is over those in use during the
Civil War. ; W ;
S~~^L _1"^ A AKERS of big safes
'fffiSJfflmWFtysi ar) d of safe deposit
' w|^Vj/§H^p' vaults are patting
£//VS^/£l*' 1 «F themselves on the
haclc over the way
l^teK&lj&E&W, tne > r U P t0 date work
¦ a g>gft' J f'»E- 1g yWrt] withstood the fierce
struction of the buildinz. The safes
in them are designed by experts.
They 'cost all the way from 510.000
to $300,000. which is the price of the
vault in the First National Bank In
Chicago. That has the reputation
among safemakers of being as fine
as anything in the country, not even
excepting that of the New York
Clearing House. Those are essen
tially fireproof safes. They are am
ply protected against burglars, of
course, but not altogether in the con
struction of the safes.
"Steel is used in the construction
of a safe whenever possible. Fcr
reasons not necessary to explain it ia
not always possible. Armor plate is
not much good for safes. It is too
expensive and does not work easily.
We get the best results from a ma
terial manufactured for the purpose
called chrome. Business men are
buying more safes than they used to.
because no man carrying a mercan
tile stock can get a fire insurance
policy unless he keeps hla books in
a fireproof safe during the night, or
in hours when they are not in use
for business.
"Burglar proof safes ar.» still made
for smaller towns or rural districts,
where the system of police supervision.
night watchmen and burglar alarms is
not so perfect as in New York. Under
the new ¦ banking law a large number
of small national banks are b-ir.-?
started all over the country. Ten u'.
them were opened in New York Stati
last month. New explosives and me
chanical devices that are accessible io
the bank burglar necessitate . radical
improvements in the construction oi"
the burglar proof safe.
"The old-time safe Is no longer proof
against the burglar who knows how to
use nitroslycerin. To-day it is nec
essary to construct the chest strong
enough to withstand several charges o 4
nitroglycerin or dynamite. Steel must
be used that will withstand a tensile
strain of about 190,000 pounds. Thers
must be absolutely perfect metal con
tact all around. The grooves must be
packed with a special preparation, mak
ing the Joints proof against expiottrao.
New York Press.
in a fire — is of very different construc
tion from a burglar proof safe. The
perfect system of night watchmen in
office buildings and banks has reduced
the demand for burglar proof safes.
Any burglar who touches a safe nowa
days or gets anywhere near the doors
of a safe deposit vault is likely to set
off an electric alarm system that will
bring the police or an armed guard
upon him before he can get away. We
have not had a bank burglary of any
account in New York for 20 years.
"In constructing fireproof safes for
offices in the skyscraper buildings we
have to look out for danger from falls
as well as destruction from fire. That
is where the modern safe has stood
the supreme test in the Baltimore fire.
One of our safes, weighing 6000 pounds,
fell nine stories and is barely dented.
Not long ago one of the modern safes
fell 12 stories down the elevator shaft
of a New .York skyscraper. It cost
$1200 to repair the elevator shaft and
only $28 to repair the safe. Some of
the old-time safes were built of small
iron plates — scrap iron. It might almost
•be called — riveted together at the cor
ners. They might keep the fire out all
right, but In a fall they went to pieces.
"The modern safe is a solid one-piece
angle V frame, front and back, which
cannot fall apart. It has eight flanges,
compared with" four in the old 'safes.
The bolt-work and lock are away back
of the fire-proof filling, and not on the
edge of the door, as formerly. The fire
proof filling in the flanges or steps is
of asbestos, marble dust and chemi
cals. Each manufacturer uses his own
composition of chemicals, and keeps it
a secret. . The chemicals generate
steam during a fire, which not only
assists in preserving the contents of a
safe, but reduces the chances of metal
expansion. .
"It follows, naturally, that safes
are more expensive than they were.
A business man does not hesitate now
to spend. from $1000 to $5000 on his
safe. When you get far above the
last-named price you "get into vault
work, which is a separate branch of
the business. Safety vaults usually
are built in conjunction with the con-
The predominant and characteristic
color in the uniforms of the Russian
army is dark green. The infantry wear
double breasted blouses ' and knicker r
bockers of that - color." ' The footguards
The Cossacks are armed with rifles
without bayonets, with swords without
guards, and the men in the front ranks
In each company also carry ' lances.
They take preat care of their horses,
and are esteemed as among the most
daring:, tireless and relentless soldiers
in the world.
The horses and uniforms of the-Cos
sacks are furnished by the various Cos
sack tribal communities, and in camp
the curious tribal signs hang over the
entrances to the quarters of each regi
ment. In active service the Cossacks
are the eyes and ears of the Russian
army. They are the scouts, the path
finders, the courier, and orderlies when
desperate and dangerous work is to be
done. They are much more independ
ent than the common soldier of the
army, and are also treated with much
more consideration by the military au-'
thorlties.
Russian empire alone has 30,000,000
horses, or nearly half of the grand total.
In the regular army of the Czar there
are no less than half a million horses,
and this number in time of war might
be easily doubled.
How valuable this vast cavalry force
may be in the Far East may be ques
tioned, for allowing to each horse a
daily ration of twenty-five pounds of
fodder and taking it for granted that
Manchuria and the adjacent provinces
raise little that might be used for horse
food, it is bard to see how any large
number of horses can be permanently
maintained at the far end of a single
track railroad more than 5000 miles
long.
In the Russian cavalry, of course, the
most picturesque, corps is that of the
Cossacks. The Cossacks are really pro
fessional soldiers. They almost live on
horseback, and are the only horsemen
in the world who equal the rough riders
of the' Far Western States in. feats of
horsemanship. ' They come from about
the Black Sea, and out of a total popu
lation of 3,000,000 furnish 150,000 men
for the imperial army.
Lying at League .Island Navy Yard,
Philadelphia, are the last^ of the old
monitors, such as the Lehigh, Mon.tauk,
Jason, Cancnicus and Nahant, which
have been condemned and . will prob
ably follow the same course as the
preceding ones, which were demolished
and sold for old scrap iron. These old
«ivil war monitors also acted as coast
defenders during the Spanish-Ameri
can war,' but were never in a position to
do active" service during that war. The
story of the meeting of the Monitor and
the Merrlmac is well known. One week
after the \ battle of those two vessels,
March 16, 1862, an order was given by
. the Navy Department - to [ Ericsson 1 to
build with" all possible speed six vessels
on ; the general plan of the ) Monitor.
Three of these vessels were built at the
Continental Iron Works, where the or
iginal Monitor was constructed, • while
the others were built elsewhere. -
and grenadiers have bright colored pip
ings and facings on their green coats.
Some of the lancers wear blue, and the
Czar's hussars are brilliant in scarlet.
The Cossacks wear mostly dark blue
or green. But the general effect, the
prevailing tone, Is dark green, except
in the hot months, when white *ls the
leading note.
As to equipment, a Russian infantry
man carries thirty rounds of ammuni
tion in his belt, thirty more rounds In a
bandolier hung over his left shoulder
underneath his great coat which is car
ried there done up in a roll, and a final
reserve supply of ammunition, consist
ing of thirty rounds, carried in a pouch
which hangs (rom a strap running over
the left shoulder and attached to the
belt. From the right shcoilder Is sus
pended his waterproof kit bag, and on
top of the kit bag is an aluminum
water bottle holding a pint and a half.
To the great coat is strapped a pair
of boots and an aluminum mess dish.
Besides this every six men carry among
them the materials, for a tent which
will properly shelter them, so that it
may easily be seen that the Russian
soldier Is considerable of a weight car
rier.
The medical and surgical depart
ments of. the Russian army are finely
developed. There are -six large and
more than 300 smaller hospitals regular
ly connected with the army, besides a
much . larger number '• of smaller laza
rettos. There are more than 3000 sur
geons in the army on a peace footing,
and most of them are men of advanced
training and high standing in their
profession.
The hospitals and surgeons In charge
are supplied by the state with the lat
est and most improved apparatus for
carrying on their.Wqrk in the best pos-"
slble manner during the necessary, in-,
conveniences and • hardships of • an
active campaign.
The drugs for medical use are pre
pared for the - army medical depart-,
ment in the form of tabiolds.^with the
active principles accurately, dosed and
put up by the latest" machinery, and
the bandages and dressings are pre
pared and sent out in sterilized bundles
from the state factories, 'which- are the
Education is one of the qualities
which cut down the length of service.
According to the degree of education
which '^e possesses a young man may
have his term of actual military service
reduced to three, two or even one year.
It is from this class that most of the
officers in the reserve corps or militia
are drawn.
In every year there are more than
1,000,000 recruits reach the age of mili
tary service. The law makes many ex
ceptions, among those who are liable to
service, and in ordinary years not more
than a quarter of a million, and, per
haps, not that many, actually join the
colors, the rest going directly into the
mllltla. •
admiration of all the medical men who
have seen them.
The present Russian army, as an or
ganization, is only about 30 years old.
It was established by the Imperial
ukase of January, 1873, by which the
whole male population of the empire,
with the exception of certain outlying
districts, is made liable to military ser
vice, from the beginning of the twenty
first to- the end of the forty-third year.
Of this time, the. first five years are
spent \n the standing army and the re
mainder in the militia.
RUSSIAN SOLDIERS POORLY PAID
BURGLAR PROOF SAFES OBSOLETE
BY VT. B. NORTHROP.
' ~"^^Z~V^gK*~^ ~£ OXIX)X nas many
f^H^^V J "range institutions;
B^if^/H but the Stock Ex
tfH^/vA/J change ranks first
J amon S them. With
.i-»5_^^< || the present war be
igsb-gigrfigterfl tween Russia and.
tfJapan keeping the
financial world on the nervous edge
of doubt and expectancy, this fa
ir.ous institution is the center of the
pravest interest. Indeed. London's
greatest financial corporation transacts
the largest business in the world—deal
ing with $30,000,000 worth of securities
daily— in a way that ie calculated to
astonish the natives.
To the ordinary man on the street
the Stock Exchange is the home of
mystery. Stock brokers are looked upon
; with more or less awe. They are sup
posed to be capable of anything, and
There is a saying In London to the ef
fect that "there's no telling what (or
who) a broker won't do."
Should a stranger inadvertently wan
der into the London Stock Exchange —
passing: unobserved the barriers guard
ed by watchmen called "waiters" — the
.mystic words "Fourteen new
fives" is called out by some one, and
immediately the sedate London Stock
Exchanpe is converted into a rough
housp. The Innocent stranger finds
his hat knocked off and kicked about
Wkc a football; his coat-tails are soon
minus quantities; he is twirled about
until dizzy: and somehow, before -he
realizes where he is "at." Thogmorton
street beholds him hatless. coat-tailless,
and .alt/tjreth^r,, a_ea<ider and a wiser
man.
to that paragon of dijni
tied perfection, the London policeman,
avgjieth nothing. Xn policeman would
dare to enter the Stock Exchange to
interfere in a matter of this kind. One
policeman did invade the exchange
once — on the occasion of the arrest of
Captain Webb, a member of the Ex
char.fre — but he was so severely handled
that it has been a salutary warning to
all the other bluecoatB to let the bro
ker? manage their own affairs.
This practice of entertaining strang
ers—or rathtr entertaining themselves
at the expense of strangers— Is called
"bonneting." and corresponds in a
measure to the treatment meted out
to a new member of the New York
Stock Exchange at his first appearance
on the floor. London "bonneting" Is
intended to be more or less serious, and
to act as a warning to persons of In
quiring turn of mind not to indulge
their curiosity inordinately.
The London Stock Exchange is fre
quently confused with the august build
ing known as the Royal Exchange. As
a matter of fact, the latter building
is now wholly occupied by Lloyds Ship
ping House, and other insurance com
panies; while the Stock Exchange prop
er is in a far more modest habitation
In a court off Thogmorton street, the
'famous banking thoroughfare.
jj The London Stock Exchange came
Into existence about 1801, when a num
ber of brokers "got together" in order
to separate themselves from the dis
honorable bunko steerers who in those
days worked "on the curb."
The first London Stock Exchange be
gan in Jonathan's Coffee House, and
the rules and regulations made there
more than 100 years ago are in_full
force to this day, with, perhaps, slight
modification in order to adapt them
selves to the needs of modernity.
There are to-day about 3000 members
of the London Stock Exchange. Re
markable to say, none of these men is
well known in public. While, In New
York and other cities the Stock Ex
changes boast such financial lights as
Henry Clews, Russell Sage, the Goulds
and Rockefellers, in England corre
sponding men, such as the Rothschilds,
are not Stock Exchange members.
There are no very prominent London
financiers who are members of the Ex
change proper— that is, no men of great
social or political notoriety. If one
were to compile a list of the leading
members of the London Stock Ex-
tered against him, or a summons, or ; ¦
bill of sale has been registered in hiJ
name, he is forever disqualified from
operating as a member of the London
Stock Exchange. There are two agen
cies In London— Messrs. Stubbs and
Perry, who keep the closest accounts of
financial transactions, and who have
the records of all debt transactions.
These agencies keep the Stock, Ex
change posted on all persons in debt in
chance, probably out of the 3000 names
not five would ever have been h'eard of,
not only in America, but in London
itself. \ '
. The -two best known men on the Lon
don Stock Exchange are Edward
Clarke, the .trustee and manager of
the Exchange, and Edward Satterth
waite, the secretary. These two men
have practical charge of the London
Stock Exchange, and in their hands, it
might be said, rests the fate of ever/
member. It is they who decide to
"hammer" defaulting members, or
those who, when pay day comes, are
unable to meet their obligations. -
Every member of the London Stock
Exchange has to be of gilt-edge finan
cial standing. For instance, before a
member can be elected, he must submit
his entire financial record to a select
committee. He must, of course, n*ver
have been bankrupt. But this - is not
all. If he has ever had a judgment en-
Should a would-be member pass sat
isfactorily all , inquisitions, he is re
quired to pay down $2500; to find three
sureties, taken from existing members
of the Stock Exchange, in the -sum of
$7500, and to pay annually $150. Seats
on the London Stock Exchange are not
sold as s in New York, Chicago and else
where at high figures; but the scrutiny
through which every applying member
has, to x pass is certainly more exacting
than paying down cash any large sum
of. money.
When. an applicant has passed the
most rigid examination by the select
committee, he is referred to a govern
ing committee, a body of thirty 'men,
before whom he undergoes further ex
amination as to the exact nature of
the business he wishes to transact on
'Change.
London who nave come under the at
tention of the courts.
This Is the most terrible fate that can
befall a member of the Stock Exchange.
From' that moment he ceases to belong
to the institution and neither he nor his
clerk can j again enter its precincts.
Large sums have been wagered by
Stock Exchange men as to the manner
in which a "hammered" member will
commit suicide.
Members, however, are very rarely
hammered. If a broker or jobber is in
difficulties the others usually come to
his rescue, unless very gross negligence,
not to say dishonesty, is proved.
The gentleman who has to report to
the committee which decides whether a
If a member of the Stock Exchange
fails to meet his liabilities on settling
day, which is every alternate Monday,
he is '•hammered." The secretary, Mr.
Edward Satterthwaite, calls out his
name, and then gives his desk three
sharp blows with his ivory hammer.
The exchange is opened by one of the
janitors of the building sounding an
old-fashioned policeman's rattle. At
S:53 p. m. the same rattle is sounded,
announcing that the closing hour — I
p. m. — is approaching.
Business after this time is resumed
in the street just outside the exchange,
even the oldest members becoming for
the nonce "curb stone" men. This is
due to the fact that It Is only after 3
p. m. that American markets become
lively, as New York cannot get Into
cable touch with London till about 2:52.
London time, which is five hours later
than New York.
It is in the afternoons also that large
business is done with Berlin, Amster
dam, Paris and other European places.
"With its antiquated customs and cu
rious way of transacting business, the
London Stock Exchange is to-day one
ef the most unique institutions in Eng
land. It Is well worth a visit by any
"outsider," but this Is only to be done
with the consent of five members of the
exchange, and is by no means an easy
matter to negotiate.
To the mere stranger, unknown to
any one on 'change, a view of the Lon
don Stc-ck Exchange is a sheer Impossi
bility.
Members of the Londt-n Stock Ex
change can be distinguished from their
clerks at a glance.
They always wear glossy top hats
and long frock coate, except in very hot
weather, when by a special resolution
of the committee, they are allowed to
wear straw hats.
Their clerks, never wear hats, how
ever, either in the building or in Throg
mortc-n street, when they are on their
employers* business.
The time for opening the London
Stock Exchange is 10 a. m., but mem
bers do not. as a rule, assemble tefore
11, unless there is very pressing busi
ness on hand or great excitement in
the market.
The Stock Exchange wall: has since
been copied by butchers, policemen,
laundry girls, waitresses and Parisian
actresses.
The spirit of sport seems to have Its
habitat In the Stock Exchange. Fo.
every horse race of Importance tho
members hold a sweepstake. They
never let an oecasiim of public rejoic
ing go. past without making themselves
look ridiculous by acting like madmen.
During the South African war when
ever the news arrived of a British vic
tory, the members of the Stock Ex
change paraded the streets waving
Union Jack pocket handkerchiefs and
cheering madly. The day the news of
the relief of Jlafeklng was received
they attended business armed with
flags and penny trumpets, and "spent
the morning howling and dancing.
Stock Exchange men boast ti> this day
that not one of their members' hats
escaped being smashed on that event.
Last summer they inaugurated the
craze for walking matches, the first be
ing the Stock Exchange walk to Brigh
ton, a distance of flfty-two miles, in
which sixty stockbrokers participated.
member Is to be "hammered" or not i»
Mr. Edward Clarke^
London Stock
Exchange, WHere
Financiers Feel
the World's
Pulse During the
B^sso -Japanese
War.'
THE SAN FRANOSGO SUNDAY CALJi
THE WORLD IN BRIEF
13elther side of the entrance. The gar
den which stretches in front of the
building is flanked on two sides by a
ten-foot wall. The third side is a peri
style of Ionic columns, through which
entrance is gained.. The walls and col
onnade are elaborately treated" with
porcelain entablatures and are' broken
at intervals with pylons which carry
spouting fountains.; Sculpture, rare
flowers and all accessories of the build
ing art of the sunny lana combine to
present a layout as picturesque and
beautiful ' as any on the exposition
grounds.
Germany secured an advantageous
site on a plateau In the eastern part of
the grounds overlooking the cascades
and cascade gardens. Here has; been
erected a handsome replica of the cen
tral portion of the famous castle at
Charlottenburg, near Berlin. The cas
tle was built near the end of the sev
enteenth century by Frederick I, the
first King of Prussia. Emperor Wil
liam personally prepared the plans
from which the pavilion v.-as construct
ed. . The rooms of the • castle are fur
nished with c precious old ¦ furniture,
gobelins and silver ornaments, the
products of bygone days. These arti
cles now owned by the Emperor have
been in the possession of his family
many of them for hundreds of years.
The building Is surrounded with accu
rate copies of the gardens of the Char
lottenburg Castle.
, Japan 'has \ a commanding site on a
hill south of the machinery palace.
Here have" been erected' seven large
buildings as well" as " v a /number of pa
godas, g The pavilions were constructed
by Japanese workmen and the material
for them brought from Japan. Beauti
ful • tiles • and carvings have been used
In their decoration." The main pavilion
is an . ornate reproduction of the '.'Shi
shinden," the palace at ,Toklo in which
the Japanese: Emperor grants audi
ences to his Ministers of State/, Besides
the main'. structure the buildings ; in
clude a commissioner's office, the Belle
vue pavilion, a bazaar pavilion, a Kln
kaku tea pavilion, a Formosa > tea pa-
The foreign Government section can
be easily and quickly reached from any
portion of the grounds by. the Intra
mural railway and here during the fair
will fly the flags bjf^the nations and be
heard the . babel of • many strange
tongues. • ~-- ,
vllion and a tea article show building.
Numerous pagodas add to the plctur
esqueness of flowering gardens which
surround the buildings*
At the western end of the United
States Life Saving exhibit Lake is the
Ceylon building. It is of Kandian arch
itecture and somewhat resembles a
bungalow. The interior has a court in
which" tea will be served by Singhalese
coolies, dressed in picturesque native
costumes. Surrounding the building is
a beautiful tropical garden planted
with botanical' specimens from Ceylon.
To the west of Ceylon and near the
floral clock is Canada's clubhouse on
the fair grounds. It is two stories high
and surrounded by porticos.
India is represented on a site just
east of the Forestry, Fish and Game
palace by a reproduction of the tomb
of Etmad-Dowlah, at Agra. Minarets
and bulbous ; domes, characteristic of
the archltecutre of that . country, grace
the structure. r
Situated on the sloping ground be
tween the, Administration building and
the Belgium building is the Italian
building, a picture of stately lines and
harmonious color. It is a sample of
gardening and architectural art trans
ported bodily from the shores of the
Mediterranean. Standing high above
the garden, level the structure is
reached by. a broad flight of stairs.
Standards, crowned with bronzed vic
tories, tower 100 feet in . the air ¦ on
Cuba occupies a plat of ground 125
fret square, west of the British build
ing, with a one-story structure, dis
tinctly Cuban in style of architecture.
It shows a well appointed dwelling
house, of the present day in the city
of Havana. A flat roof is provided. for
promenading or sightseeing. -.This, with
an interior court, is adorned with flow
ering plants. A garden of the rarest
tropical /plants found . in Cuba sur
rounds the house.
Sweden. has erected a pavilion, which
represents a typical Swedish farmer's
country home. The structure was built
in Stockholm and then taken apart and
shipped to the fair in sections and again
erected. AH the material was taken
from the immense forests of Sweden.
Over an old-fashioned Swedish fire
place is hung a large picture of the
King of Sweden and the royal family.
Surrounding the building is a charac
teristic Swedish garden.
Austria's building, like Sweden's, was
constructed at home, take apart and
re-erected on the World's Fair grounds.
It is distinctively Viennese in style of
architecture and stands on a prominent
site between the Administration build
ing and the Swedish building. It is
highly decorated with sculpture, and
garden plots, interspersed with trees
and fountains, adorn the principal
front. ; ??¦'¦"
Russia is next to Sweden on the east
with a picturesque. pavilion of old Rus
sian , architecture. High -towers of
Byzantine design are a feature. The
main building is connected with two
minor structures in the rear by arcaded
walks.
brought from Antwerp. It will be taKen
down after the fair and re-erected at
the exposition ct Liege,' Belgium, in
1305. A beautiful garden surrounds the
pavilion.
The building erected to hold the won
ders of the Celestial empire stands be
tween the Belgium building and the
orangery. It is a quaint and highly
ornate structure, a reproduction of the
country palace of Prince Pu Lun,
China's imperial commissioner to the
fair. The framework was constructed
by American workmen, but the delicate
j-arving of the orncmeiatal finish was
fashioned by the skilled hands of the
Chinese artisans, who came all the way
from the Flowery Kingdom to apply
these last artistic touches.
would enliven it. The captain sighed. ¦
Then he rose and went to the fence and
looked over at Miss Lavinia.
"Such devotion deserves a reward."
he said bitterly, as he watched her
work.
Miss Lavinia looked up at him from
under her sunbonnet.
"What do you mean, captain?" she
asked, as she pulled up a half dozen
tender young onions and dropped them
in her basket.
"Brother Werner is a lucky man,"
observed the captain, his accusing eyes
on Miss Lavinia. -4
The little woman blushed, then she
smoothed down her apron and looked
self-conscious. The tug at the cap
tain's heart was painful. What would
he do if he lost her— his little neighbor
with the keen blue eyes?
"Captain." said Miss Lavinia, "I wish
you would step over to my porch for
a minute and have a little talk. Would
you mind?"
Would he mind! It was the joy of
his life to sit on that vine covered porch
and be talked to by Miss Lavinia, for
the captain was a rather silent man.
•while his neighbor was a woman of
many words.
"I want your advice," said Miss La
vinia when the captain was safe In the
big chair with the rbse flowered cush
ions; "I don't know what to do."
The captain's heart dropped like lead.
He fixed his eyes on the bit of blue
sea visible, from the porch as if he
would draw strength from It. If Miss
Lavinia wanted advice about the dea
con he felt that the case was serious. .J
for Miss Lavinia always gave rather
than asked advice.
_"You see" she explained, "before
Brother Werner's wife died I prom
£*? Il er i at l Would try and com
fort the deacon, and I have done my
best. But. captain"— and here Miss La
vinia straightened her trim little figure
and blushed-"captain. I did not under
stand when I promised to comfort a.
man what it involved."
"No," said the captain heavily "I
don't suppose you did." ::•: ¦
Miss Lavinia went on hurriedly
"It doesn't sound just right to say It
out, she said, "but, captain, by all
signs and feelings. I am sure that
Brother Werner wants to marry me -
..... I don>t -d° ut >t it," said the captain,
it s nature."
"And the trouble Is." said Miss La
vinia ''that by all s lg ns and feelings-
I don t want to marry him."
v"What!" The captain brought his
eyes back from the ships and a wave
of rapture rippled.over his face.
"No, captain," repeated Miss La. I
vinia. "By all signs and feelings I
don't want to marry Brother Werner ••
The captain drew his chair closer
"And you want my advice?"
"Yes. How shall I keep him from
asking me? I like Brother Werner
and for his wife's sake I don't St*
hurt him. But I don't want him to ask
easier." said the captain.
How?
"Marry me." said the captain and
hitched his chair a little nearer
Miss Lavinia's face grew pink like
a girl's, and for a moment she looked
very young. Then she laughed a UtUe
tremulously. e
••Th, eV * er ) h ,°* U * ht ° f that '" she sa W
- Think of it now." sa id the captain.
Sl re^l d y r Laving?" 11 " handS ta
"Yes," said Miss Lavinia softly
After a blissful moment the- captain
murmured. "You'i, have to plant some
flowers in your garden now ••
."Why?"
"Because flowers are the language of^
love," said the cantain. t*n4erl». ¦
The captain pondered on these things
one Saturday afternoon as he watched
Miss Lavinia In* her garden culling let
tuce and radishes and big red raspber
ries for the next day's feast. The cap
tain knew just how that table would
look. Now and then, on high days and
holidays, he, too, had reasted -at his
neighbor's- table. The lettuce -would
surround a.- dainty salad; made from
chickens ot Miss Lavinia's own" raising.
The radishes would 'be - cut- like red
roses and would garnish the cold meat^
there would be crisp rusks, . and cream
for'the berries, thick and yellow. Arid,
best of all, • Miss Lavinia's face would
Miss Lavinia was a devout church
member, and when Deacon Werner lost
his'wife it, was not long before people
began to couple the names of Brother
Werner and Sister Lavinia. For. did
not Brother Werner spend every Sun
day evening at Sister Lavinia's, and did
not Sister Lavinia set forth on the
weekly supper table all the dainties of
her skilled cooking?
The captain's suit had not progressed,
however, for after all their years of
acquaintance he discovered no more
tenderness in Miss Lavinia's glance
than In the beginning, and he hesitated
to declare himself— yet there had grown
up between them a friendship that per
mitted him to offer her the fruits of
his fishing expeditions, while in pre
serving and pickling time. Miss Lavinia
always filled certain Jars and glasses to
be set forth on the little table next door.
So things went on smoothy u^itil one
day the captain discovered that he had
a rival. y \
(Copyright, 1904, ,by Temple Bailey.)
¦ yu VlSS LAVINIA'S gar-
den was a vegetable
/ TTSJlWla "The young folks
I A^^vjj B can have the flow-
I EX A» <ftC j JI ers," she said to the
5S«^^»™™iZ« captain, who lived
next door and kept
a very shipshape little yard, "but give
me something substantial. You can't
eat flowers."
Now and then, when the captain
handed Miss Lavinia a bunch of sweet
peas or a cluster of roses over the
fence, he tried fo argue the question. .
"There's poetry In flowers. Miss La
vinia, and the language of love."
"Huh!" sniff e"d the little woman,
"who cares about the language of love
at my age?" And the captain would
go away very sad.
For years the captain had cared for
Miss Lavinia in a sort of nautical fash
ion. She was what he called a trim
little craft, and in spite of her sharp
tongue, he lived near enough to see the
tender acts that made her the blessed
lady of the community. There was not
a beggar, nor a stray dog nor a tor
mented cat that would not find help or
shelter at the little white cottage on
top of the hill. All the women of the
village came to Miss Lavinia with their
woes, and the men came, too, to get
sharp bits of advice, and now and then
a little loan of money without interest.
So, for fifteen years the captain and
Miss Lavinia. had lived in adjoining
cottages; he a widower longing for a.
wife and the comfort of a home, she a
spinster, with buried - hopes, living a
life of helpfulness.
By Temple Bailey
IN LAVINIA'S
GARDEN
BT FRA.VK L. MlCRKlCxv.
/-y T. LOUIS March .'.—Architecture
Ok typical of the naiions of> the
Xj world wilf be seen In the foreign
A government buildings at the
World's Fair. Every type, from
the quaint and ornate pavilion that will
hold the wonders of the Flowery King
dom to the stately palace erected by
("¦ertrany, from the picturesque bunga
low-like pavilion of Ceylon to the ele
gant reproduction of Le Grand Trianon,
will be exemplified.
The structures will not only be beau
tiful and graceful, quaint and pictur
esque, but they will be surrounded with
landscape gardening the* like of which
has never before been created oivAmer
ican soil.
Artists and artisans from all corners
of the globe have applied their skill and
genius in the construction of these
magnificent homes which have been
erected for the comfort of visitors from
afar.
On a level site at the east front of the
Administration building is the City of
Nations. Great Britain occupies a site
fronting 500 feet on Skinker road with
her building, a reproduction of the
famous orangery on the splendid
grounds of Kensington Palace, London.
This structure, the birthplace and home
of the late Queen Victoria, was built
in 1704 under the direct orders of Queen
Anne. It is one of the purest specimens
of Queen Anne architecture. The build
ing is surrounded by a quaint old Eng
lish garden, a cony of the horticultural
architecture of 200 years ago. The
whole tract is bordered with hedges of
yew, and these, with all the trees and
shrubs planted here, were brought from
Kensington gardens wrapped in straw.
Mexico's national pavilion is next to
the British building facing on Skinker
road. It was the first foreign Govern
ment building erected t.-n the World's
Fair grounds. Architecturally, it is a
reproduction of the patios or open
courts which form a feature of Mex
ican dwelling houses. The court is
roofed over, showing, however, an ar
caded cloister such as usually sur
rcrunds a patio. The structure is two
stories in height. The windows of the
upper story are photographic views,
showing cathedrals, monuments, pal
aces, parks and beautiful bits of seen-'
ery in Mexico. A gigantic picture of
President Diaz la stained glass holds
a place on the lower floor. This is
lighted by electricity at night. Sur
rounding the building is an exhibit of
the flora of Mexico, including banana
trees, agaves, cacti and palms. .*. large
force of men scoured the mountains of
Mexico to obtain plants for this gar
den.
Across Forsythe avenue and fating
on Skinker road France Is represented
by a replica of that harmonious and
delicate bit of architecture, the historic
Grand Trianon at Versailles. Sur
rounding the building, on the fifteen
acre rerervatlon. Is an elaborate speci
men of French landscape gardening.
A broad driveway leads up a gentle
«Iope to the court of the Trianon. It
is flanked on either side by raised ter
races of sward, crowned by parallel
rows of parked Caroline poplars. Stat
uary intersperses the arc2de of trees.
To the south and west of the Trianon
is a garden of exotic beauty which fol
lows the vagaries of nature. Here are
tiny lakes and secluded nooks to de
light the romantic nature of the Paris
ian. The court of the building, formed
by the central structure and the L
ehaped wings, is traversed by walks
of pink gravel which are cooled by
a splashing fountain.
Slam's building, a reproduction of the
Ben Chama Temple, is next to Mexico
jn the west.
Next door is Nicaragua's low-roofed
pavilion surrounded by a garden of
plants Indigenous to that country.
Brazil occupies a site on the corner
of International and Forsythe avenues
with a pretentious structure. It Is
crowned by an Immense steel dome,
rising 122 feet above the ground, and is
flanked on the east and west by flower
gardens.
Belgium I« represented on a site In
front of the Administration building by
a handsome and highly decorated
structure, a reproduction of the Ant
werp Town Hall. The building is con
structed mostly of, steel, ¦which was
THE SiVN ; FRANCISCO- SUNDAY: CALL.
FOREIGN BUILDINGS AT THE WORLD'S FAIR
Frank Spearman's Famous Stories
Ten in All Will: Follow the Thrilling Series of Brind New isferies by Albert
Sonhichsen, the Ciever^Young Califqrnian, Now Eunriing in
- .'.. ,•¦-.'-, — — •;",- The Sunday Gall :===—===: ;¦Every nisht after knocking off at:
the saw mill, Hezekiah would
his bite and strut over to s the ! General
Store. After standing the clerk "^off
until ;Saturday for a nickel plug of _
Mellow Twist, he V would back up to"
the stove and - emit valuable informa
tion tuntil _•: the^ fire was out and all
hands were : ready to turn in. v "
i^-JLt every Jone'of these night sessio ns
Hezekiah would * make it a point to
roast the life, out of the galoots who
Hezekiah was an authority on alt
subjects. He could give any lawyer
cards and spades on statute law. could
cure yellov? jaundice quicker than the
finest docto* in the whole creation and
knew. : a blamed ' sight^^nore^*. about
Scripture than the best preacher that
ever ordered the basket passed'around
while the choir sang *!We Shall Meet
in the Sweet By and-j_ByV*^iHe had
bought In ahouse at*a*tax saie.>got
the best. of a gypsy in v a horse-trade,
won S 5 In the Mexican _ lottery" and
had. put several other high V J curves
across : the plate to prove that he , was
as slick a3 greased lightning and able
to hold his own in the fastest com
pany. : ¦ :'•-¦*-: ¦ . t j. \
Hezekiah was as sharp as a
steel trap and right up to snuff. He
cduld answer riddles, work out puzzles,
mend clocks, call wild turkeys, , tell
funny stories like a drummer, spell
the biggest word in the dictionary and
play as tricky a game .of checkers as
any man In Seasongood County."
ONCE upon a time there lived in
the town of Hedgeville a man
of the name of Hezekiah Sigs
¦bee/: - -;^
By BILLY BURGUNDY.
nie Crowley, Port Costa: 'Mo*rhea
Wells. San Jose; Mark Broad d us, Ag
new; Emmeiine VTiUis. Sacramento;
Stella. CTark, Vallejo; Ix>ulse
Higel, Vallejo: Clarence Pyper,
66$ Nineteenth street. Oakland;
Sarah Watkins. Vallejo; Hazel Young.
Saoaalito: FL X. Donaldson. "SM Fol
som street. San Francisco; Roy Ray,
SIS Castro street. Oakland; Errol Clare,
Kern; Herman Schmidt, 557 Harrison
street, San Francisco: Emmett Me-.
Gown, Colrna; George Coan, 43 Her
mann street, San Francisco; Phil Mur
ray, Fruitvale: William Koegel, 96
Cumberland street. San Francisco;
Rosalind Rosenberg. 38 Maple Court.
San Francisco; Laura. Peterson, 1413
Guerrero street, San Francisco; Juanita
Ciapp, 273 Thirtieth street,' San Fran
cisco: Imelda Parlin, 519 Bryant street,
San Francisco; Genevieve McCormick,
404 Octavla street. San Francisco;
Rafala Mooney, 1325 Ninth avenue, San
Francisco; Ltllle Smith, 1067 Tvrenty
eigrhth street, Oakland; Raphael Welch,
1251 Webster street. San Francisco; C.
Christian, 43S Haight street, San Fran
cisco; Harold Adams, 761 Halght street.
San Francisco; Olive Farmer, 973 Sev
enth avenue. East Oakland; Sadie Fred
ericks, East Oakland; Eleanor Yonge,
1108 Potrero avenue. San Francisco;
George Blanding, 2329 Bryant street,
Saa Francisco; Leona Engwer, 17S8
Union street, San Francisco; Ella "Win
field. > 1S23 : Noe - ttr&et, San Francisco;
Stanley Groom,* 486 Valencia, street, San
Francisco; Lee Girvin, 2233 Sacramento
An hour after thejstrani,r boarded!
the West Bound Midnight Flyer for
virgin soil. Hesekiah tumbled to the
fact that he had. been bumfu-=rled.
Moral— It is the wise gnywho gets
stuns: the worst. • '
Copyright, 1905. by Stare Floyd, N. T.
While the stranger was delivering
the bull-con to the rustics. Hesekiah
came back to the store on a dead run.
He called, hi* new acquaintance into a
dark : corner and , counted out three
hundred dollars i h» « full payment for
exclusive ri^ht to sell, the patent chum
In ;the , whole of Seasongood County.
The '.cno-ras. were to be furnished to
Hezekiah at the factory price of S3 25
per. and were^* warranted to sell like
hot cakes at S7*«O. _,
swindler that ever traveled In shoe
leather. More than that, he had mads
up> his mind to bamboozle the very
daylights out of; every city upstart that
came his way. Just on general: princi
ples.
One ni-rht while Hejzekiah was lean-
Ing against the'eounter and exuding a
steady stream o£ '"wisdom, a
party fron? Connecticut dropped into
the store and asked the boas if he
knew a" party of the name- of Hezekiah
Sig3bee. VThat be . my name." said
Hezekiah, as he walked over to th«
man from way down Cast. They step
ped to the front of the store an* after
a t lengthy whispered conversa.tion.
Hezekiah dashed, out of the door and
made a bee-line for his home. The
newcomer -bought clears for the
crowd, spoke, highly of the enterpris
ing appearance of Hedgeville and the
excellence of ¦ the .sttrroundlns crops.
He said th.it he : had never met' more
refined and hospitable people than
those who lived, in Seasongood County.
He bemoaned the fact -that hia busi
ness was of such ' a character that he
could . not . s oen d v «v month - or two in
Hedgeville Just tj» get the benefit of
Its refining Influence."*
. In*. all > his life Hezekiah had never
but; once j been took in by a stranger,
that* was*swhen miss-cued in
spotting the rfjrhVsh'eli when he had
a dollar bet down with the critter who
followed the Three-Ring Circus." IProm.
that time on, Hezekiah lowed that he
was too cunnins for even the best
any '* sympathy, even* If -they , got
cleaned £out plum -up to their sus
pender buckles.
get flimflammed by them pesky Wall
street sharpers. He would explain
what an easy thing it would be for
him to beat the brokers at their own
game If he cared to^ live In the city
and take a hand in the market. He
would also warn his hearers
getting tangled up in any business de_l
with folks from the city that ain't got
time to stay in Hedgevflle tin , their
habits and family connections are
found out.
While he was confident. that he was
more than able to take care of himself
with any city man that might come to
Hedgeville to make j^, deal, it was
plnders to pianos that there wasn'tan
other resident of the whole iSeason
gpod County who" could strike ~a bar
igain with a stranger^ without having
the very life, skinned out of him. Quick
er than Jack ¦ Robinson" and as'easy as
falling off jajloj.
It always made the sly and uncheat
able Hezeki^h laugh gt to kill to hear
tell of one of the Hedgevi Mans getting
trimmed by a smooth man from one of
the big towns. He .-had it figured out
.that if his friends Tdfjdbt" have grurap
1 enough to keepTI their eye 5 peeled
after 'listening to, his admonishment
day after day, they> couid • just take
their medicine and not look to" him for
ctreet. San Francisco; Charles Eaton,
6."5 McAllister street. San Francisco;
Thelma Britton. 327 Ellis street, San
Francisco; Lillie Curran, 5 Guer
rero -street, San Francisco; Jean
nette Inglls, 1320 Masonic avenue,
San Francisco; Lucy Hopkins, 2400
Fillmore street. San Francisco;
Toodle Hume, 1380 Pine street, San
Francisco; Addle Trautner, 548 Stock
ten street, San Francisco; Laura Ma
hun, 774 Fourteenth street, San Fran
cisco; Harel Okell, 1075 Union street.
San Francisco; John- McKenzie. 1393
Pine street, San Francisco; Donald
Young, 442 Fourteenth street, San Fran
cisco; Helen Wallis, 316 Eighth street,
San Francisco; Laurence Taylor, 1705
Geary street. San Francisco: George
Wolf, 1312 Washington street. San
Francisco; 'Aileen Kramer, 76 Belcher
street, San Francisco; Ada Myers, San
Jose; Clinton Lowell, Merced; Sam
Hern, Tulare; Frieda Bertelsen. Ala
meda; Fred Hind, 105 Devipadero street,
San Francisco; Grace Peal, HI, Fillmore
atreet, San Francisco;. May Connell, 902
Oak street, San Francisco; Clarence
O'Connell, Berkeley; Gustave Maas, 532
Castro street, San Francisco; Hal Cur
tis. 918 Ellis street. San Francisco; Mfl
dred Payot, 406 Clayton street, San
Francisco; Henry Russell, Haywards;
Bernice Cameron, 351 Devisadero street,
San Franciico; Charles Young, 442
Fourteenth street, San Francisco; Viva
McCarthy. 1111 Treat avenue, San Frap
clsco; Ethel Schwert. 2508 Twenty-third
street, San Francisco; Paul Barrett, 353
Tenth street, Oakland; Antoinette
Guste, 1107 Treat avenue* San Francis
co ; Ruth * Meryon, , 1QOT . Market i atreet.
San Francisco: ';. Bonnylin . Luckhardt,
1714 Hearst avenue, Berkeley; Vida
THESE are the names of the 150
locky children who won prizes
in the puzzle contest — the nine
dUTcrent Farts of *a Watch —
published in The Sunday Call of
February 23.
Helen Hofer. €14 Ellis street San
Francisco; Helen Travis, 526 Harrison
Ftreet, San Francisco; Mildred Curtis.
91 S Ellis street, San Francisco; Ru
dolph Trautner, 2540 McAllister street
San Francisco; P. L. Tanney. Stock
ton; Aileen Allan, 1516 Castro street,
Sz.n Francisco; Gladys Doolittle,
h'tockton; J. Williams, 1016 East
Fourteenth etreet, Oakland; Edna
Starhle, 671 Twentieth street. Oak-
L-nd; William Ogburn. Hilton; Clara
Harrington. Sebastopol; B. W. Lin
dcrman. Alameda; Laura Royer,
Stockton; Marion Cox. Stockton; Eliza
Lash, Suisun; Harold Buttner. Port
Costa; Paul Parriah. Berkeley: Wil
lie Fuller, Agnew; Hazsl ilcEvoy,
Slenlo Park; Mabel Bowman. San Ma
teo; Joseph Smith. Berkeley: Gus
Fraser, Berkeley; llaxine Isoard, Ne
vada City; Genevieve Lake. San Jose;
Lily Wheeler, Tiburon; Sterling Coul
ter, Santa Rosa; John Murray, San
Quentin; Je.— nette Chase, Lodi; Will
Hyde. Santa Rosa; Harlan Frost. Ala
xne<ia; Fannie Casey. Menio Park;
Sl^ry Brownlie, Vallejo; Paul Bauer,
Vallejo; Alice Ryan. Vallejo; Nellie
Kerr, San Jose; Anna Paul, Suisun;
Mab*l Lund, Suisun: Carlos Temple*
ton. Sacramento; Syria Lombardo,
Ban Jose; Henry Jensen, Suisun; An-
Derrick, 4C8 Vcrnon street,' Oakland;
Zena Taylor; Fniitvale; Margaret llar
tin, 7 Guerrero street, San Francisco;
Elbert Plomteaux, 1815 Twenty-third
avenue. Oakland; Hilda Gebhardt," 111
Twenty-ninth street., San Francisco;
Maud Jacobs, 14 Allen street, San
Francisco; Irene Jacobs, 14 Allen street,
San Francisco; Lillian Jacobs. 14 Allen
street, San Francisco; Margaret Rich
ardson. 1242 "Union street, San Fran
cisco; Katie Ryan, Alabama and Twen
ty-eighth streets, San Francisco; Pat
rice O'Hair, S13 Howard street, San
Francisco; J. Ryan, ' Alabama and
Twenty-eighth streets, San Francisco;
George Stleglita, 1110 Treat avenue, San
Francisco; Lucy Kelly, 445 Fillmore
street, San Francisco; Isabel Flanagin,
4522 Twentieth street. San Francisco;
R. N. Andrews, 453 Noe < street. San
Francisco; Kitty Castillo, 101L Webster
street, Oakland; Charlie L«vinson, 88
Cumberland >: street.' San; r Francisco;
Henry, Heritage." West" Oakland;. Leo
Dillon, 38 Cumberland 'street. San Frai T
cisco; Francis Pertaoff, Los Banos;
LQuisMufray, Roes; Stanley, Fullalove,
2S06 Pine street. San- Francisco; Jessie
Mangold. Vallejo ; M. f B. : . Klrner, 617.
Willow avenue. San Francisco; Katie
Crowley. Port Costa; .Alfred Kolb, Palo
Alto;. Florence Hutchison, 1210 West
etreet, Oakland: Charles Varien, Pa
cific Grove: G. A. Gregeraon, Pacific
Grove ; : Vera .Banks, 111B Franklin
street. San Francisco; Edna Barthold,
1360 Scott street, San, Francisco; Alice
Maxwell, 1918B Taylor street, San Fran
cisco; Grace Fauth, 1 238 Fourteenth
street,. San Francisco; Camllle Pollock.
1225 Golden" Gate avenue. San Fran
cisco;- Leslie Koejrel, 96 Cumberland*
street.? San Francisco; Eva Wagener,
2011 Green street,' San Francisco; Reta
Sherrett, 83 Cbenery street, . San Fran
cisco; Eunice Clayton, 223 Thirteenth
street. ¦ Sao FranQsco;^ Max* Rhode, : 474
Edward street. Oakland; Lillian Mason,
773 ;Haighf: street^ San' Francisco*; ';.
150 PUZZLE WINNERS
GUY WHO GOT STUNG
52 per day.
The wigwam, with Its 10,000 cheering
auditors, its fluttering banners and its
platform on which were seated as dele
gates hundreds of the brightest in
tellects in America, presented a picture
which will never fade from the eyes of
those who were privileged to behold it.
As a local reporter of the Milwaukee
Free Democrat I was accorded a place
at a long table In the center of the plat
form only a few feet from where the
wmte-naired abolition leader, Joshua
R. Giddtngs of Ohio, sat by the side of
his colleague, the trumpet-voiced David
K. Carter.
The Seward forc;3 were represented
by the suave and masterful William M.
Evarts of New York, who in turn was
counseled by that veteran of caucus
and convention — Thurlow Weed, the
head of the Albany regency. Pennsyl
vania presented an apparent candidate
in the Derson of Simon Cameron, but
his delegates never seriously expected
his nomination, and his I crilowers were
marshaled and kept together really for
the purpose of obtaining promises, the
fulfillment of which would inure to the
advantage of the clan.
Before the Chicago Convention of I860
assembled slavery had been routed in
its efforts to capture Kansas and Ne
braska. Nevertheless the "peculiar in-
stitution" refused to accept dsfeat. Its
avowed motto was "rule or ruin." an-J
it girded Its loins anew for the contest
of 1860. The result of thai conteat was
no longer doubtful. The Democratic
party was rent in twain, the great
North had broken its shackles' and thu
very air was electric with the presage
of the coming triumph of freedom.
•Yet to achieve triumph the member?
of the Chicago Convention felt that
there ] was j needed not merely a leadar
but a leader of leaders. A man for the
times was demanded, and the god o!
the eternities presented him in the per
son of Abraham Lincoln. ¦ -"*~
He was the child off poverty and toil.
Not the hopeless poverty and cringing
toll of thos.e who labor amid the dia
cf European marts, but the manly sub-
mission to privation and unmastere J
toil of the Western pioneer, whoso ey3
of fate beholds the star off hope shining
above the clouds, and who in his
dreams of the future drapes himself
with the Senator's tc;a or the Judge's
gown. He was self-made and self-re
liant, but never selC-s^king or self
sufficient. He was honest, not with
that nurtured integrity which too often
proves an exotic that dies with the
first blast of adversity, but he was
honest by instinct and because it never
occurred to him to be othsr than honest.
He was in spirit and in' fact one of
and one with the people and he needed
He never lost sight of this purpose.
He was conservative when the prema
ture adoption of radical measures
might have alienated ths wavering and
weakened the Union cause. He- was
radical when the power of time and
circumstance crumbled the barri2r3 off
prejudice which for years had obstruct
ed the path to justice. His individual
ism was never absorbed or subverted
even by the genius and power of the
great men who counseled him. With
out being egotistic, or dogmatic, or
stubborn, he was firm. He "toot: each
man's counsel," but "preserved his own
judgment." Without previous training
in tha conduct of public affairs, he was
called upon to grasp the reins of gov
ernment when the chariot of state was
refekingr amid the convulsions of war.
But he kept a steady hand, and neither,
the terrified counsels of overcautious
conservatism nor the demands of un
thinking and improvident zeal could
drive him from the path along which
he believed the safety cf the nation
demanded that he should guide his
countrymen. It was his privilege- to
select the best policy for the time, and
his gift of discrimination was little
short of marvelous. He stands > ap
proved by the popular judgment "both
There are many words of Lincoln so
fitly and grandly said that they will
burn in the sky of history like fixed
stars when the masterpieces of great
orators shall have vanished with their
train of rhetorical splendors into
space. There are ideas of his which
victorious armies placed upon their
eagles and carried to a grander frui
tion than ever a prophet foretold or
poet dreamed. Never was ruler or rep
resentative truer to a trust than . he.
His reigning animating purpose was to
preserve the geographical integrity and
political unity of the Vnited States of
America, and to this was added a3 an
outgrowth of the war a determination
to extend the blessings of freedom to
every human being dwelling beneath
the shelter of its flag.
The bronzes of conquest were once
stricken from the column Vendome in
Paris because they perpetuated the
memory of triumphs won through the
blood and the tears of the people, to
glut the vanity cf an Emperor who des
olated the world that he might Illumine
a throne. But Chicago's commemora
tive colunins and arches are her iron
laced highways, her marts of trade, her
palaces of Industry, her mOes of beau
tlful bosses. The record of her victo
ries is greater than that of the Greek
who boasted that he never caused an
Athenian to put en mourning, for she
can say that her growth was so direct
ed and her Industries so controlled by
master minds that the anthem of her
march to greatness has ever been the
cheery music of contented and well-
'"< pyright. IK'Vby Thqrsaa Fitch.) j
1""T' VEX so lengaro as 1550 Chi
—J cajro, from lake to i crest, was 9-
If rncc«?srfon of inspirations-. . As
\^ the Aitic ?alt infu«ed.th? soul of
y tru- Athenian, so the ppfrit of:
cT»*Uve'Thou3rht seerueri to possess the.
rt-.ird irf every man who entered her*
grates-" "If n f H' a' sermon there seemed
Et teajet a pcrr-ose. animating- the very
s : -.-e^of Jkt ktreeir. Sh? is an epitome
rf tfaat^jrogr*;ss Tsrhich has been "spin
rirr dor.n ih? rinsirq; grco\-es of.
time? cvw sinre the Genoese set sair
in search of a western passage to the
Ir.uirs.**and amid derolalins Sre and
commercial panic ste has answered
fate as Coltrmucis answered the faint*
h> arted sailer who questioned him:
V hut riin'.l 1 tu;.. fTfat <-a^t*tn. say.
If we *isht tnurht but •*•» »t dawn?
vi ny. yxiti sha.it ?ay. r.t break <»£ <tt«n,
>a;I or.. t3rt 9B, eaii on anj yn.
There «as ever ta unseon. unvoiced
po*cr cf growth in Chicago that led
along unexpected ways to achievement,
like steps that lead to heights. Enter-
Fiisc burst forth f^om her soil and
clasped the light and sucked the air of
strength. 2len planned and their plans
outran their clutch as with a mo
:::«rjuin that could not be stayed. Men
died, and yet the thought they planted
multiplied in a hundred fields. As from
the ridge of the great Northwest the
willing and impartial waters sever, one
part Bowing northward and eastward
through lake and strait, roaring over
< ataract and seething through rapids
to Use surging Atlantic— the other part
ch'ilng westward and southward to re
cruit the tawny current that carries
the wash cf a continent to the Mexi
<- t n gulf, go this great city of saltless
sea* divided her favors. Jlillionaire
and pauper, pevet and pork packer, all
were welcome to march in the ranks of
her armies. She bade the stalwart sol- •
dier of fortune to fall in and placed her
strong arm about the shy, unrecog
nized child cf genius, dumb and halt
ing, maybe, with discouragement and
despair. Ind so steadied him on his
fe-er in the procession. Imposing no con
ditions but to keep step.
In this mighty city the strong, clear
element cf earnest endeavor, the con
quering tread cf huge-limbed labor, the
flexible yet tenacious mentality, ths
eager outreaching spirit of "get on,"
has ever been manifest and catching.
Xot that the life is feverish or hyster
ical aiina new mining camp, or a city
of climate and boons- By no means.
Put a handful of the seed of empire fell
upon this favored acreage, where only
a grain was meted out to other lands,
and it grew because it could *not help
but grow.
p«id taiL
The great wigwam in Chicago near
the river, n-hera the Republican nation
al convention assembled in 1850, lacktd
the appointments and conveniences
now possessed br almost every public
hell. Electric lights were then un
kcoxn. The telephone girl, with gum
in her mouth and a suitor at her side,
did not respond to the calls of Impa
tient customers with the irritating
words "Mine busy." The motorman had
not been evolved and street cars were
still propelled by impenitent raules, and
the Tremont House — sis feet below the
level o? the street,* vras . the leading
hotel cf the North west, with rates at
"holds that a. thing may be lawfully
driven away from a. place where it has
a lawful risht to go." What annihilat
ing sarcasm 1n his reply to those who
insisted that Republican success would
entail negro equality and miscegena
tion. "Because I da rot want a' colored
woman for my slave," said he. "it dosi
not follow that I do want her for my
wife. My understanding I3 that I can
Just let her alone."
The argument against secession he
stated in a sentence: "Caa aliens make
treaties easier than friends can make
laws?" What grander plea for human
liberty than his appeal to Congress in
behalf of the passage of the thirteenth
amendment? "In giving freedom to the
slave," said he, "we assure freedom to
the free — honorable alike in what we
give and In vrhat we preserve. We shall
nobly save or meanly lose the last be ?t
hope of earth." What more compre
hensive statement of the duty cf the
hour than the familiar sentence, "With
malice toward none, with charity for
all. with firmness for the right as God
gives us to see the right"?
What better rebuke to dogmatisur
than the phrasa "everybody is wfcssr
than anybody"? 'What clearer descrip
tion cf a republic than •'government of
the people, by the people, for. theipeo
pie"? What more complete- destruction
of a sophism than hi3 answer to ths
contention that slavery might b3 er
eluded from a territory by unfriendly
legislation. .'•Judge Douglas," said he.
ao guide to find the way to- their hearts.
He loved liberty of action, of speech
and of thought, and In, so far as -his
generous and chivalric soul would suf
fer him to hate anything he hateJ.
tyranny and maanness an*cfsham3. -He
was a master of speech. His passion
and pathos and humor were matchless,
and as a logician he was pesrless. Hii
Iron-rimmed syllogisms crushed sdpb
isms ag if they were ejg shel!3. Hi3
wit. his philosophy, his strong saving
common sense, his quaint forms of ex
pression have filled our political liter
ature with familiar apothegms.
The history of the National Repub
lican Convention of 1850 "has. been
again and ag^ln recited. I shall not
attempt to recall it3 details. There
is left upors ir.y mind only the mem
ory of the hour when -the cohort3 of
the master creative soirit of Repub
licanism, the strong', philosophical,
indomitable Seward. fell back step by
step before the risingr, swelling:, ad
vancing tide and amid the "waving 1 of
thousands of banners the great Saxon
roar of victory went up from. tens off
thousands of throats and all Illinois
shouted Abraham Lincoln into the
Presidency.
The -great party which Lincoln first
led to national victory was, in his day.
an expression of the brains and con
science and patriotisra._of the. nation.
May it continue as such and nfcver be
come a satrap, scourged and : weary,
running in chains - at the chariot
wheels of Plutua. Slav It live un
swindled by the hucksters of the cau
cus and undebauched by the bawda of
the lobby. May it live .with fears un
attuned to the clink of the";hriber*s
gold and with brow unbranded with;
the'scarlert letter of shame. * May It
live with its foreign policies ,pn3haped
by tke magnates of trusts and its fin
ances unruled by bankers' syndicates.
May the harvest of prosperity which
its sway is bringing to> the • nation not
be blighted by the hot and* greedy
b lasts of selfishness while the com Is
yet In the milk. . ¦ T ,
v ho was a good deal "fresh,** and Ilka
many other travelers, had left his good
breeding at home. He had been intro
duced to and conversed with Mr. Lin
coln and felt privileged to address him.
At one of the towns where there was to
be an afternoon «I»bate .Mr. Lincoln ar
rived about the noon hour and proceed
ed at once to the country tavern where
he was to have _ quarters. He was
dusty from the ride. aitd. without wait
ing to be shown to> his room.-went into
the general washrcom. and taking: the
Implements left there for that purpose
proceeded to polish his boots. **Oh. Mr.
Lincoln. I am surprised."* said the cub,
who had followed him In; "in my coun
try a gentleman does not black his own
boots." "No?" said Mr. Lincoln, pol
ishing away, "whose boot3 then does ha
biack?" . -
k Of a legislative colleague la. Congress
who v.-a3 given to frequent changes of:
opinion. Hr. Lincoln said that his
method possessed some advantages, far
when fie desired to absent himself hs
could — inasmuch as he always spoke
one way and voted another— «aTways
pair off with himself. Of his opponent.
Douglas, after the latter - had been
driven by Lincoln Into tbs declaration
which alienated from the- Little Giant
all Southern support, llr. Lincoln said:
"Steve has now a brilliant futnr©—be
hind aim." <
.Mr 'Lincoln 'had c -dual nature. Th«
grax-tsy- of hts .&rneaaoc enhanced th»
humor* of hf3 v ie5t3.->3ttfl the wit of hi3
jest's save strength to the arguments
they illustrated, llany'of his anecdotes
have found their way fcio print and It
is not' the purpose of - the writer to
make ; these pap3rs a vehicle for the
recital of thrice-told tales. One or two
anecdotes will serve to illustrate the
quickness of hi3 wit- During the Lin
coln-Douglas debates . the Prince of
Wales and his suite were traveling; la
Illinois- ar.d attended upon several of
these famous discussions. Among the
English party was a young gentleman
of- his time and of later mstory as tel
dom having mafia a mistake. He was
sometimes deceived In his- Judgment of
men, but " he was hardly ever at
fault In his judgment of measures.
Understanding 'the American people
better than many men of greater ex
perience and statesmanship, he never
entertafned a dc-ubt as to the final la
rue of the contest. When disaster en
compassed us and defeat h?ld back our
armies he confidently called for more
men.* Sustained by hi3 imperturbable
trust In- the "righteousness of our causa
and -In t,he "power and willingness of
the people to meet all req?iirem?r.t3. he
pressed* steidL'y orin-ard to that per
fect coasummation of ratienal peace,
unity la-nd freedom, which, with a faith
bcrnfof prescience, be felt would be
sure', to come, and wtlch he almost
lived. to se«t ... V
THE SAX -.v. FRANCISCO. SUNDAY CALL:
RECOLLECTIONS AND
REFLECTIONS
OF THOMAS FITCH
15THE SAN ?KAx\ T GtSCO SUNDAY CALL. I
SUNDAY CALL PUZZLE WORKERS
niis$ 'the, puzzles' to-day, do you? \\
Well, do you know why?. It is because at the' rate of 150
prize pinners every weel^the ¦photographs of the lucky
children have been aceuiiiulatiug so"fast that this is the
only way to f atcfriip with the gallery of honor. Are you
anipngv them?: Just.watclv for the next puzzle page two
.weeks froin now, Sunday, March 27.
16however, forgot that they^ had to deal
with sturdy peasants, as proud in their,
way as' their so-called "betters," serial-' ,
tlve. and with their eyes open,' who had
no idea of putting themselves in a po
sition to be ridiculed, so the aristocracy
called,' had cards left 'on 'them in re
turn, and there the matter ended:
For some, time after" they first 1 ; came
to Rome the Sarto ' sisters ( ware 1 sub
ject to another perrecutlon besiaes the
social one, that of '. the i poor arid 'needy.
There was an endless ' procession "of
them. -At first the sisters' "charitable ¦
and simple hearts were touched,' "arid ¦
they : promised their t good. ; offices - with :
the Holy Father and the Vatican to all; ;
When this did not work, and they.were.
sadly deceived, 'even to having some^of '
the things In ¦ their own house stolen,'
they promised to investigate 'each case, ¦
and those "deserving would 'be "given
aid. : But it became .'apparent Ho 1 thenv
Not to be discouraged, ; the ' seekerp
after subsidies make t ' elr applications
Into pellets, or anything .which will
throw, arid,';, with .the sure alm'ot ,the
cast them into; the ' open win
dows of ; the. apartment in the hopes of
'attracting.:' attention.,, C '.
. I J was : *onevday chatting . with; the
Slgrioriria ~ Rosa", one" of .the
.when suddenly, something white
tered in* at v the .window; like' a dove,*; and
.settled .softly^in'her Jap. ;'. ,['.. * '£'£¦/.
"WhaV Is' 1 It?" I cried, /'A message
from Mars or a lova letter?^ ' •; '
"Nothing i so. exciting,".; she \, replied.
¦ ''I could ' almost 'tell .you {without open
ing it: ' It must' say, 'Most" illustrious
Fignora. ' for 'the v loye .of " heaven ' and
the church: come ttKthe rescue of some
fpobr'^unfortunates' who no
• fault ,'of their 1 own 'are dependent iupon
charity, ; etc.' Just j peep* biit' ; of, "the
and tell us what you'see.".
; Thls;;l; did '-; arid , there"* beheld a ;long
string of/rnen and ; wonien, ¦ more or less
' well \ dressed^ looking;* with 'anxiety
toward the houst'and with 1 the appear-
ance of having every Intention of stay
ing there for all time to come.
;.. There h'ns been considerable talk of
the Pope's, sisters going to live in the
Vatican to be near him, and, such a
thing would not be without- 1 precedent,
but there 'are difficulties ; in the way
and \t 1h ' a question if they would be
happy. . Here they are free to have
other members of ' the family to visit
them arid tolead thelr'own lives, white
there '.all would • be '¦¦ etiquette re
striction, criticism and envy.
/ .;-. : " f '- — — " ¦ "m ¦ — "
Castellane's-New Play.
PARIS;, March 12.— Marquis de Cas
tellane has finished * his V. second : play,
"Marie, Walewska." ' It is a historical
drama « in five, acts, the story ¦ being
woven about the exciting events of the
first, empire.} It will be produced at the
Porte Saint Martin 1 Theater. De Cas
tellaine's first effort, "Le.Festin;de la
Mort" ("Banquet of Death") achieved
considerable - success.
POPE PIUS X AND HIS'THREEDEVOTEDSISTERS.
Figures for the Past Year Show
the Lowest Percentage on
Record.
LONDON, March 12.— Last year, ac
cording to the figures Issued yesterday
by the Registrar General, made a roo
ord other than that which marked It as
the rainiest year ever known. It was
also the year of the. lowest death rate
on record — 15.4 per 1000.
The total number of deaths in Eng
land and "Wales during 1903 was 514,450,
and of these the enormous total of 124,
859 represented infants under one year.
This total, however. Is the lowest since
1881. Deaths from violence, including
accidents, numbered 19,433.
The average death rate of London was
16.fi durinsr th» laj»t. ten years, which
compares 1 as follows with that of otne.
cities:
Christianla 12.7 Vienna 18.9
Antwerp 13.6 Xew Tork 20.1
Copenhagen ..I... .14.1 Tripste ' '.23.3
Berlin 15.S Moscow .24.O
ChJcaso. 11.2 Bombay .....-'16.2
Paris W-6 Madras 4O.»
Births during the year in England
and Wales totaled 947,349, and the nat
ural increase of population by excess of
births over deaths was thus 433,499. as
again.-t an average for five years of
368.213.
At the same time the number, of per
sons emigrating during the year was
448,733. of whom 183.390 were English,
37,515 Scottish, 4S.24I Irish and 181.593 of
foreign origin. The Irish emigrants
show an increase of 9 per cent ov«r the
previous ..year.
BRITISH DEATH RATE
GREATLY DECREASED
» All the American colony in London
and her many • English friends are
sympathizing deeply with Lady Blaine,
whose husband. Sir Seymour Blaine.
"Baronet, has just been made bankrupt.
Lady Blaine was until last •; year the
widow of Henry Blake of Boston. Her
friends in Europe were delighted when
she established a' home" 1 for herself in
London" several years ago by taking a
charming house in Hans place which,
however,' she gave up on her marriage
to. S.ir Seymour. 1 They have been trav
eling about on the Continent almost
the- whole' time since. The proceed
ings against Sir Seymour were brought
about by a small creditor. The Bar
onet has brought" himself to this pass
Collectors of objets d'art and virtu
are looking forward eagerly to a sale
of the extremely valuable London
household effects . and collections of
Mrs. O. A. Schenley of Pittsburg. who
died a few weeks ago." Mrs. Schenley
had been for a great number of years
well known in London society and had
established a home in one of the most
fashionable quarters. It having been
found impossible to come to a fair and
satisfactory division of the wonderful
treasures stored in her house, 14
Prince's Gate, it has been decided that
everything be realized and the pro
ceeds divided. This will be a great
opportunity for collectors, for room
after. room of this great house is lined
with cabinets filled with gems, many
of- them rare and many of them of
great historic . value. Her house was
the- one: adjoining that of Plerpont
Morgan, \ and- who,- because he wanted
It to enlarge his own and was deter
mined to get it, paid no less a sum
than $180,000 for the freehold.'
Mrs. Schenley's eldest son, George
Arthur Schenley, is a keen yachtsman
and. is well known in yachting circles
here, having taken a house in South
Hampshire at the point where the
Southampton water and the Hamble
Rivec- meet and flow into the . Solent.
This is the most beautiful part of the
south of England and nearly all , the
houses around belong to yachting peo
ple. "Warsash" ' is the name of Mr.
Schenley's Hampshire house. \
ELAINE IS A BANKRUPT, '
for something new are settling down
again, waiting for the next millionaire
who may come along.'* i.;>
SALE . OF SCHENLiEY EFFECTS.
has been studying music in Paris for
the last three years, is about to leave
the French capital to sail to New Tork
by the Vaterland. Mr. Stuart has been
working under the tutelage of Alger
Swayne, the American teacher in Paris,
and this last term has been completing
his study of a programme with which
he will be giving a concert in New York
soon after his arrival in that city. Mr.
Stuart is most popular not only among
the musicians of Paris, but among
all thq arUsts in the Latin Quarter,
who have on occasions Induced him to
visit the clubrooms of the American
Art Association tnere to play to them.
The Pope's sisters are Ideal house
keepers, and the little apartment Is
kept like a bandbox. It can scarcely be
said that the management of the
household is confided to any one of the
three, for «*acn takes a pride In it, each
orders as she likes, and. if the truth
must be told, they cause the little
maid-of-all-work to lead rather a life
of it. She Is a Roman, and although
ftrong and willing Is not accustomed
to the niceties of a house, and her mis-*
tresses are apt to find corners neglected
and dust in odd places.
The feelings of this small maid must
be :nixed and amusing. Being a devout
Catholic, the serving the sisters of the
Holy Fater is more than her ambition
ever dreamed of. while their particular
v.-ays are. to say the least, trying. So
while one moment she mentally kisses
their hands, the next she anathema
tizes them. Her conversation to her
intimates is something on the follow
ing lines: "Oh. the dear things! To
think that I live with the sisters of
his Holiness. They are saints!" And
five minutes later it is: "Oh, Madonna
mia! how noiose (what a nuisance)
they are. It is Maria here, and Maria
there, and Maria y/m dirty girl, and
Maria you careless thing, until I near
ly burst." After this outbreak comes
remorse, and it Is: "May the saints
forgive me. Relations of ¦ the Holy
ROME. March 12.— "vThen the peasant
Fisters of Pius X came to Rome they
began, as had been their custom in
Venice, by receiving every one who was
"kind" enough to call, until their mod
est apartment was besieged at all hours
and was more a public reception-room
than anything else. They found them
selves being Interviewed on all sides,
their most innocent sayings miscon
strued and words put in their mouths
which they had never dreamed of say
ing. Sometimes they were drawn out
to say things which were certainly pri
vate matters and which they in the in
cocence of their hearts imagined would
go no further. They were veritable
Iambs- in- the clutches of the wolves.
This went on for weeks, until they were
acutely uncomfortable, and until one
day Pius X questioned them about
some thiners which they were reported
to have said. Then the whole story
came out, and from that moment by
order of the Pod** himself absolutely no
one is allowed to enter their quarters
•without direct permission from the
Vatican or the family of the Pontiff
outside Rcme.
The thr^e ladies live in a bright, pret
ty apartment of seven or eight rooms
at 323 Corso Vittori* Emmanuele, near
the St. . Angelo bridge, five minutes'
¦walk from the Vatican. They are
lodged on the ground floor and have
plenty of that oun and air which their
souls love. The rooms are simply fur
nished with old-fashioned lace curtains
and plenty of cretonne, with chairs not
very remarkable for their comfort. The
tenants are not accustomed to lounging
and cushions. ¦
ARE NEAT TO EXTREMES.
(who .is connected with -half of the
crowned" heads of Europe) "and at what
they would say and .do when, their
hands were kissed by sovereigns, and
when they were required to wear de
eollcte'gowns and squeeze their hands
Into small gloves. These same scoffers,
presently .that It was .humanly impos
sible to investigate an aVerage. of fifty
cases a day, .so . their doors are' no\y
closed ; even -to this kind'; of visitors.
But the post and' streets they ..cannot
close, 'so a ! rain'of letters ifall each day,
most of- wliich' never have" any answer.
Before they came to Rome some
amusement was occasioned by. the
speculations as to what they would do
when they, took their places among the
haughty Roman aristocracy. Certain
houses in the Eternal City which have
remained faithful to the Holy % See con
sider the Pontiff not only their spiritual
head, but their earthly "sovereign also,
so that his relations must be treated
as royalty. Scoffers employed their
time in drawing imaginary pictures of
the sisters' embarrassment; at dining,
for instance, with Princess Massimo
In appearance the good ladies are
comely, inclining to stoutness becomes
their years, but with nothing of the
handsome looks of their brother. There
is nothing to distinguish them from
hundreds of other women of their class,
but stilfthey have shown a good eense
and sturdy pride which many might
envy. For instance, they have never
worn hats.- and when the -nuns with
whom they stayed .when they^rst came
to Rome, presented them with modest
headgear, they, promptly refused, re
plying proudly' that they had, always
worn black lace and would continue to
do so. BSE
The Pontiff in the. beginning desired
thorn to live in the paldzzetto (little
palace) in the Vatican gardens, used
by Leo XIII as his summer quarters,
and which was almost rebuilt by him,
but for once in their lives they opposed
the will of their brother and flatly re
fused to "do anything of the kind. "We
might much better go into a convent,"
they said, "and you know none of us
ever felt that she had the vocation.
We . would die shut away from the
world like that, so quiet and melan
choly, with nothing to, look at but a
garden." Pius X promptly gave, way
and let them choose their own habita
tion, which is on one of the busiest
streets of- Rome. ''¦ \av ;
Father must do what- is right. They
cannot fail."
These simple and good folk at first
tried very hard, as we would ¦say, to
"act the lady," but days of sitting with
hands folded^ as reading has no charms
for them, soon palled, and it- was not
long before one after the other took
up simple duties in a surreptitious way,
until in the end they kept the maid
only because Pius X insists that it
shall be so.
DO THKIK OWN MARKETING. .
Italians do their, marketing: every
morning, intrusting it to the cook, but
the sisters Sarto delight in doing it
personally, and drive very good .bar
gains with the tradespeople, who are
deference itself. Each has. her favorite
ilishes, so they take turns in satisfy
ing their tastes, each acting cook on
her own day, the others meanwhile ap
plying themselves to housework, with
the diversion of scalding the maid. This
•fills in the morning. The afternoons
are devoted to driving or walking,
sometimes in the. Vatican gardens, but
more often about the crowded streets,
as, having few friends, they are pleased
and interested in the movement and
variety of a large city.
Rome Is Very Interesting to; the' V^omen, but
Attentions of People of Nobility and ¦ i'
LONDON, March 12.— Albert Pulitzer
of New. York, who has been staying In
London for some time, has now depart
ed, leaving behind many whose hopes
of prominent positions in the newspa
per. world have been raised to the
heights only to be dashed to the
ground, for Mr. Pulitzer has had great
schemes for starting a weekly news
paper in London. This paper was to be
beautified by the best that could be
done in the way of three-color printing.
Staying in great state at the Carlton
Hotel with a secretary and servants,
etc., and numbering in his suite a spe
cial cook to prepare foods suitable for
the dyspeptic, this semi-invalid invited
first one and then another possible
managing editor to whom over coffee
and cigars he unfolded his Initial idea.
In several instances the possible editor
went away elated at the good thing al
most within his grasp and spent th<»
following few days thinking hard, ob
taining specimens of color printing,
making up lists of prominent and suit
able contributors, -getting in touch
again with the distributing trade, etc.,
in readiness for the future proprietor's
promised call. Occasionally this came
promptly, the would-be editor accept
ing the invitation to lunch at the Hyde
Park Hotel or elsewhere, armed with
lists and particulars There would bo
a big and excellent lunch, hearty good
comradeship and slapping on the back
and eager anxiety to get the whole
business forward apd settled'. But
nothing came of it at all. After. having
been stirred up in this way those edi
tors who ..are always on the lookout
through careless good nature hi back*
ing other people's bills. He was a
distinguished soldier who served In the
Crimean and Mutiny campaigns and
has been military secretary and aid
de camp to several distinguished men,
retiring from the army with a pension
of only $2500 a year. Sir Seymour
has next to no private money (almost
a necessity with every officer In the
British army), as Blamefleld Castle In
Ayrshire, which is his family seat, al
though very picturesque, is not an in
come producing estate. The first Bar
onet of his line was Sir Gilbert Blalne,
one of the Physicians in Ordinary to
King George III. Sir Seymour, al
though 70 years of age, had never
been married before last year, so that
his heir presumptive is still his
nephew.
CliEVER AMERICANS ABROAD.
F. C. Friescke, a painter of Detroit,
Mich. v Is exhibiting three pictures at
the show of the International Society
of Sculptors and Engravers, now being
held in London. Mr. Friescke is in
Paris, where he has been working for
the last seven years, having been made
an associate of the Societe des Beaux
Arts of Paris in 1901. One of the paint
ings at the exhibition is the property
of a most enthusiastic admirer of his —
Dr. Paterson— and is called "Femme de
Rose." The others are "Dame au Ora
bulle" and "Tulip Jaune." Mr. Friescke
is the first of the present group of
young. American artists in Paris to
have been elected as. an associate of the
Societe des Beaux Arts, and is consid
ered one of the cleverest young painters
in the quarter.
Jack Stuart, a pianist of Detroit who
Disappointed Managers and Editors Are the
Only Remnants of the New York Pub
lisher's Grand Project.
PULITZER'S NEWSPAPER
SCHEME HAS VANISHED
POPE'S PEASANT SISTERS LIVE SIMPLY, ABJURE
FASHION AND DEVOTE THEIR TIME TO CHARITY
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH.: -13;
Pages 17 to 20
PagesI7to2QModern Woodcraft.
The State convention, of the Knights
of the Maccabees and of the Ladies of
the Maccabees opened in, Los Angeles
last week. 'Among the prominent mem
bers of the order who attended the
convention of the Knights was Supreme
Commander D. P. Markey. and that of
The Maccabees.
PARIS, March 12.— George Sand -will
be immortalized in marble like to many
of her distinguished compatriots. The
statue is to stand in the Place des
Vosges, not far from the Victor Hugo
Museum.
Paul Meurlce, the director of the mu
seum, was the originator of the pro
ject. The statue will represent George
Sand at the zenith of youth and vital
ity. She will be shown standing, the
right hand supporting her cheek, while
the left holds some sheets of manu
script and a pencil. The sketch U to
be exhibited at the next salon.
Memorial to George Sand.
Mrs. Eola M. Cyrus of Loyal Lodge
was called suddenly last week to Mich
igan by a telegram announcing the
dangerous illness of her mother, Mrs.
Yerba Buena Lodge has appointed
Frank Krull, C. F. de Long and W. F.
Smith a committee to arrange a social
event for the lodge during the latter
part of the current month.
Loyal Lodge of the Rebekahsat its
meeting on the last Monday in Febru
ary initiated six strangers in a manner
that won for the initiatory officers many
words of praise from members of oth-Jr
lodges.
The next State Assembly of the Re
bekahs will be held in Golden Gate
Hall, commencing May 10.
Odd Fellowship.
William V. N. Bay was appointed to
fill a vacancy on 'the board of grand
trustees caused by the death of D. R.
Clay of San Pedro Council, who died
recently after a long illness.
San Diego Council will report an un
usually large increase in membership
at. the next meeting of the Grand
Council. . . .
The recent financial statement of the
Supreme Council shows that the re
ceipts for January, together with the
amount on hand, produced an aggre
gate of $1,378,899. Of this amount $652—
054 was- paid on beneficiary claims. The
emergency fund shows $2,025,717. The
report also shows a total membership
of 285,039, distributed In 2110 councils.
During /January California showed ;a
greater Increase in membership than
Nebraska, and it expects to pass Rhode
Island, the next higher State, before
ninety days.
Le Conte Council of Berkeley initi
ated three strangers at Its meeting last
week and received several applications.
Alameda Council will show a gain of
40 per cent at the next meeting of the
Royal Arcanum.
Company — - of La Vespero Drill
aad Drum Corps, First Regiment,
N. D. G. W., will give a leap year
i . '
Miss Carrie Pesantle of Gabrielle has
presented $10 to that subordinate to be
applied to the fund for procuring new
banners, as adopted by the last held
Grand • Parlor. Louise Cooney, also a
member, presented the parlor with a
very fine Bible for the altar.
Miss Margaret Gardette of Tejon
Parlor, Bakersfleld. was the winner, in
the teachers' contest for a trip to St.
Louis during the "World's Fair.
After the meeting of Keith Parlor of
the Native Daughters of the Golden
West last week, there was a jollifica
tion in honor of the anniversary of the
birth of two of its members, Meta
Kugler and Minnie Abrams, the anni
versary of each having been a few days
before the meeting. Each of these mem
bers was presented with j bunches of
flowers, after which there were con
gratulatory speeches and a programme
of music and songs, besides a collation.
The grand secretary, Miss Laura J.
Frakes, was present and had a few
words. to say.
Native Daughters.
LONDON. March 12.— In this era of
what males would call feminine Inva
sions of their particular spheres it Ms
not surprising to learn that at length
the woman minister of the Gospel
should follow the female doctor. The
town of Leicester 13 to make the first
experiment. In June Miss Gertrude von
Petzold, who has taken the degree of
master of arts, will complete three
years' study for the ministry at Mans
field College, Oxford. The Leicester
Unitarian church has given a unani
mous call to her. she has accepted, and
will become pastor of the congrega
tion. She was born twenty-eight years
ago in Thorn. Prussia. She Is the
daughter of a German officer.
Woman to Enter Ministry.
The Supreme Lodge has issued a
handy pocket manual for the use of
deputies and organizers. It contains
an answer for almost every question
that may be asked In relation to the
order and an answer for almost every
objection that can be presented.
Knights of Honor.
The board of grand officers has un
der consideration a proposition to give
a picnic In the name of the order and
the holding of a monster open meet
ing in the name of all the lodges of
this city.
A letter to Grand Reporter John
ston from the lodge In Los Angeles Is
to the effect that at the last meeting
of that subordinate four candidates
were admitted to membership by ini
tiation and that six more will be ini
tiated at the next meeting.
At the last meeting of the Past Dic
tators' Association three ellglbles were
admitted to membership and there
was considerable enthusiasm over the
beneficiary feature of the association,
which was adopted several months
ago and went into effect March 1.
Grand Dictator Archibald visited
the lodge in Sacramento last week and
assisted in 'the Initiation of five can
didates.
Knights of Honor.
Forget-Me-Not. Lodge of the Degree
of Honor, A. O. U. W., has completed
arrangements for a "hard times dance"
to be given in the assembly hall of
the Red Men's building on the night
of -March 17. The executive committee
feels assured that it .will be the great
est success that the lodge has ever had
in a social way. The committee an
nounces that all who attend must wear
their worst suits and -that "shabby gen
teelness will be the order of the night."
There will be a prize for the lady and
one for the gentleman who will appear
in the ."most poverty stricken costume."
There has been a great demand for
cards /6f admission. Governor Pardee,
Mayor Schmitz, Past Grand, Master
Danforth and Grand Recorder Spencer
have been named as honorary commit
tee" for the occasion.
All the representatives recently elect
ed to the Grand Lodge of the Ancient
Order', of United Workmen that is to
meet in Fresno next month are getting
ready to attend that session, which it
is expected will , be one of the most
Interesting held in this jurisdiction in
many years.
The public meeting that was held last
week In Stockton under the auspices
of the lodges of that district was well
attended and was addressed by Deputy
Grand Master D. S. Dirshberg and Past
Grand Master William Vinter. After
a programme of entertainment there
was a banquet. , ¦¦•; .'¦:'._ '^V 7^ ¦<r/ :: >>"
The Workmen.
Special Deputy A. U. Field has insti
tuted a German court of the A. O. F.
in Fresno, and it has been named Teu
tonia, C. R. Nelson has 'been elected
chief ranger and G. C. Wemmer finan
cial secretary.
The same officer is organizing a cir
cle of the Companions of the Forest in
the same place. The courts of Fresno
are getting ready to have a class of
strangers to initiate next Thursday.
One court alone will present .fifteen
such strangers.
Last Tuesday evening, the Juvenile
Foresters Band of ., this city and the
boys' band of Stockton joined forces
in that city and gave a concert under
the auspices of the Ancient Order of
Foresters of Stockton.
The local courts/through their dele
gates at a meeting held last week, de
cided to have a joint picnic at San Ra
fael Park, May 30. R. E. Connell was
chosen president of the committee that
is to have charge of this affair,; L. T.
Stevens, secretary; John . Falconer,
treasurer, and C. V. Trimble, vice
president.
At the meeting of Court Bohemian
this week Court Justice will be amal
gamated with It, which will increase
the membership ' of the court to 150.
The event will be followed by a ban
quet.
Reports from all sections of the juris
diction are to the effect that every
court will have a large class to initiate
next Thursday.
The Past Chief Rangers' Association
will have several matters of impor
ance to discuss at its meting to be held
to-morrow night.
The supreme officers of the Com
panions of the' Forest will pay a fra
ternal and official visit to Valley Cir
cle in the early part of April.
Foresters of Old.
The social that was given early In
March in Mission Opera Hall by the
councils of this city of the Junior Order
of United American Mechanics and the
Daughters of Liberty was a most en
joyable social fraternal function, which
was admirably conducted by the hall
committee of the order. There was
a fine programme of dances, which, to
gether with good dance music and cour
teous floor manager and assistants,
made the affair a pleasurable one.
Daughters of Liberty.
Golden Gate Council at its meeting
last Tuesday had a good attendance
and after the routine of lusiness had a
pleasing evening of entertainment and
.songs by the Golden Gate Quartet. The
meeting was addressed by Senator
Field, E. C. Stock of California Council,
Deputy Bunting and ex-President W.
W. Cross.
The following was the programme
presented by Speaker E. C. Ker of
California Council of the National
Union, at its first meeting in March:
Selections by the California quartet;
vocal selections, Thomas Nowlan; bal
lads, Mr. Kilmer; monologue, Elton
Lambert; tenor solo, Fred Purdy; vocal
selections, Edgar Smith; ragtime spe
cialties, M. Merzbach. and selections
by the quartet. During the evening, it
being the official visit of the San Fran
cisco Cabinet, there were addresses by
prominent members of that body.
The National Union.
On the night of the last Saturday in
February Grand Arch Druidess Mrs.
Louise Zazzi, assisted by the grand
officers resident in this city, instituted
a new circle of the Druidesses,* with
about thirty charter members. It has
been named Isis* and has for arch
druidess Mrs. Emil Pohli, for first bard
Mrs. R. D. Barton and for secretary
Mrs. Mary Armstrong. Mrs. H. M.
Hernon was chosen deputy for the
circle. . •
The Past Arch Association paid a fra
ternal visit on the last Friday in Feb
ruary to Lincoln Grove in Mission Par
lor Hall. The visitors were received
with a most cordial welcome and after
an exchange of views by prominent
members of the visiting body and of the
Bitting grove, for the good of the or
der, the visitors were given evidence of
the grove's hospitality.
The social to be given by McKinley
Grove No. «"°. U. A. O. D., which had
been announced for March 23, will be
next Wednesday, as the hall in the
Alcazar building could not be secured
for the night first selected.
Hartnagle Supreme Arch Chapter No.
3, U. A. O. D., will have a short busi
ness meeting to-morrow night, and at
the close thereof there will be a ban
quet to the' members and a number of
Invited guests.
The Druids' Memorial Committee of
1904 has held its final meeting and
wound up Its business. It appeared
that the expenses of the services
amounted to within a few dollars of
what was colleoted. A motion to take
steps to have the memorial day set at
a time out of the rainy season did not
meet with favor.
Druidism.
The Woodmen's visiting committee
of San Francisco paid a fraternal visit
to Richmond Camp No. 470 in its hall
in the Richmond district Tuesday
evening. There was a good attendance
of the members and of visitors In ad
dition to the visiting committee. There
was an hour of instructive speeches,
delivered by President P. F. Gilroy and
Secretary D. Oliver Jr. of the com
mittee, besides talks from other mem
bers of the order, with the result that
the camp promised to work "with a
will for the advancement of the or
ganization.
Woodcraft.
On the first Friday in March, "The
Marshalls," composed of the member
ship of Marshall Parlor of the N. S.
G. W., gave its second monthly social
in the Assembly Hall of the A. O. F.
building. There was a good attend
ance and a well arranged programme
of dances. This association io tends to
give a social on the first Friday of each
month.
The joint Ninth of September Com
mittee of the Native Sons of the Gold
en West, O. L. Blackman chairman,
held a meeting last week to hear the
report of the special committee ap
pointed to ascertain what rates could
be obtained in case the Grand Parlor
decides to hold the celebration In
Stockton. The report was. in the na
ture of a combined letter from the
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe roads,
offering to carry excursionists for a
stated price, with the proviso that the
excursionists go to the celebration city
by one road and return by the .other.
The companies offer to take the tick
ets good for four days. The commit
tee also pressr.ted a bid from the Cali
fornia Northwestern, in case the cele
bration be held in Santa Rosa, and one
from a river transportation company,
but as none of the bids met with the
approval of the committee, the sub
committee was instructed to interview
the railroad companies further in re
lation to terms.
Native Sons.
Mission Court No. 10 gave a very
pleasant party in the Seventeenth
street Native Sons 1 Hall last Thursday.
This court, which was recently placed
on a new footing, will in the future
give a number of social events to en
tertain its membership.
Oakland Court No. 6 has • apointed
a committee to arrange for an enter
tainment to be given in Woodmen's
Hall on the evening of March 25.
There will be a programme of vaude
ville numbers and a two-act rural
drama.
sic and recitations, was given between
dance numbers and was decidedly en
tertaining.. Among those who* con
tributed were Clara Tr'owbridge, Pro
fessor Benviera and class and Celia
Newman. There was also an address
by Deputy Supreme Organizer A. D.
Hawley. This court will give an en
tertainment and dance to its friends
and members on the first Monday
night in each month. The last given
affair was under the direction of Dr.
E. J. Broad, Mrs. Clara Hedger, Mrs.
Fannie Muggier and Mrs. Julia Brun
skull, with J. L. Day as floor man
ager. This court has ordered a set of
robes at a cost of nearly $300, which
will as soon as received be used in the
exemplification of the initiatory de
gree.
nilla, Hannah Towhig and May Miley,
vice presidents; Nora Regan, financial
secretary; Bernice Peguillian, recording
secretary; Lillie Borle, treasurer; An
nie Clayburgh and Lillie Turner, senti
nels; May Giblin, marshal; Mamie Cal
len, M. Juiley and M, Flaherty, trus
tees, and Mrs. May Richards, organist
This parlor has done so well under the
guidance of Mrs. Matheson as president
that the members decided that she is to
preside over them for another term,
and the possibility is that they will en
deavor to induce her to hold for a third
term.
SUPREME OFFICERS OF THE MACCABEES.
During the week "- ->*•<> was a meet
ing of the board of San Francisco dep
uties, when the challenge issued by
the courts of Los Angeles to the courts
of San Francisco to engage in a mem
bership contest was accepted, and In a
short time the terms of the contest will
be announced to the Ideal courts.
Last Thursday Court Mission had a
party In Mission Opera Hall. There
was a large number of the friends of
the members present and the enter
tainment presented for their benefit
was a very pleasing one.
Last week High Vice Chief Ranger
Stewart and High Treasurer Cameron
paid visits to a number of the courts in
this city. They first went to Court San
Francisco, then to Companion Court
Golden Gate, . Court Preclta Court
Diana and Court Mission. At each
court the visitng officers were received
with the honor due their rank, and un
der good for the order each made ad
dresses for its advancement.
The Independents.
On the Thursday evening before his
departure the supreme chiff visited
Court Sherwood in Santa Clara, the
home court of Grand Chief Ranger
Gabriel. There he was greeted by the
membership of the court named, that
of Court Adriattico and of courts in
San Jose. On that visit he was ac
companied by Grand Secretary Cordy
and Editor J. Label of the American
Forester Review, the official organ of
the order. After a very pleasant even-
Ing there was a banquet at which the
grand chief ranger, pn behalf of the
Santa Clara Foresters, presented to
Chief Kelly a costly silver tea set and
salver.
The drill team of Court San Jose
had a pleasant social last night.
There was a large attendance of the
citizens of Vallejo at an open meeting
given by Court Farragut of that city
last week. The meeting was followed
by a banquet.
New Century Circle of the C. of the
F. of A. will give a picnic in Buena
Vista Park on April 17.
The following figures show the status
of the Companions' of the Forest of
America In California on the first day
of the current year: Net increase of
beneficial members during 1903, 269; net
increase of social members during the
year, 108; total increase. 377; beneficial
members January 1, 1904, 1990; social
members, 1249; total, 3239; beneficial
members January 1, 1903, 1721; social
members, 1141; total, 2862; netJncrease
during the year, 377.
Previous to leaving this city March
5 Mr. and Mrs. Kelly were visitors to
Excelsior Circle of the Companions of
the Forest, New Century Circle and
Robin Hood Circle. The visits to tho
first two named were unannounced,
but they proved very pleasant, all the
same, for at each meeting there "was
a .good attendance, and the remarks of
Mr. Kelly were enthusiastic and ex
ceedingly well received. The visitor*
were with Robin Hood Circle, the home
circle of the supreme sub-chief com
panion, Mrs. Atwood. by special in
vitation, and there the visitors were
met, not only by the members of that
circle, but by a large delegation from
Inter Ncs, Martha Washington, Bay
City and Eonita circles. On that oc
casion Mrs. Kelly was presented a
Robin Hood souvenir spoon.
Supreme Chief Kelly and his wife
have left the State on the way to their
home in New Jersey. They halted at
Denver, Colo., In response to a most
pressing invitation from the courts of
Foresters of America and the circles io
that city.
American Foresters.
California Lodge of the Modern
Brotherhood at its last held meeting
initiated three strangers into the mys
teries of the order, and at the next
meeting, to be held in the Shiels build
ing, where quarters have been secured.
a class will be admitted by Initiation.
After the close of the ordinary busi
ness of the evening R. Lester, the presi
dent, who is a fine instrumentalist and
vocalist, entertained with vocal and
piano seelctlons. District Organizer A.
J. Weinert delivered an address and
told of other lodges that it 13 proposed
to institute in this jurisdiction. Re
ports presented at the meeting from
the supreme officers show that during
the year 1903 the order initiated 14.000
candidates, and that the net gain dar
ing that period was in excess of 10,000.
Modern Brotherhood.
Bennett of Calistoga. who a few week3
since went East on a visit.
train will be under personal charge of
a distinguished traveler, lecturer and
spieler." Mrs. Kate J. Willats will be
the manager and Dr. Amy Florence
Temple, matron of the chapter, assist
ant manager.
Grand Chancellor Sargent of the
Knights of Pythias will visit Stockton
on Wednesday night. There will b--*
a Joint meeting of the lodges of that
city, and It is expected that there will
be visitors from the lodges near by.
Grand Vice Chancellor Burns official
ly visited the lodge at Davisville March
8, the one at Vallejo on the 9th and the
one at Suisun on the 10th. He will visit
Keswick March 15, French Gulch on the
16th, Red Bluff on the 17th and Knob on
the 19th.
Past Grand Chancellor T. J. Crowley
delivered a lecture last week before the
members of Alemania Lodge on the
"Knights of Shakespeare."
McKinley Company No. 3 and San
Francisco No. 56 of the Uniform Rank
were inspected last week by Acting Ad
jutant General Schaffner, after which
the officers elected for the current term
were duly sworn in. The event was fol
lowed by a collation and an hour for
the good of the two commands!
Knights of Pythias.
The first smoker given by San
Francisco Den ! No. 1, Lions - of the
World, in the Union Square building
last week was a very pleasant affair.
There was a number of the members
of the Oakland den and many strang
ers present, who were entertained
with a programme arranged by Sir
Lions A. J. Weinert, pr. F. D. Taf t
and Dr. E. K. Sisson, Sjr Lion Taft
acting as master of ceremonies. The
entertainment, which was interspersed
with sandwiches, liquids and cigars,
included the following numbers: In
strumental solo. Sir Lion Peiser; vo
cal selection, R. J. Lester; address on
the benefits of fraternal protection as
exemplified by the Lions of the World.
Sir Lion 'A. J. Weinert; piano
solo, W. E.' Corres; dramatic rec
itation, E. Burroughs; vocal se
lections, E. Edwards; basso solo,
E. Eckert; address on fraternity. Sir
Lion'W. B. Curtis; vocal selections by
the California quartet, the selections
being from the leading operas; and se
lections on a talking machine. The af
fair was one of the best conducted
smokers that has been given in this
city for many a year by a fraternal
association and it created a good im
pression on the guests of the den.
The Lions of Oakland Den had a
jolly time in Hamilton Hall last week.
There was the roaring of the Lions,
short addresses by Lions who knew
Just what to say so. as to entertain and
not tire the assemblage, and vocal and
instrumental selections, after which
there was a liberal handing out of re
freshments and smoking material.
Lions of the World.
The grand patron and the grand
matron will soon pay official visits to
a number of the chapters In Los Ange
les and the chapters In the southern
part of the State.
Golden Gate Chapter will, on the
evening of April 4, give a novel enter
tainment in Golden Gate Hall entitled
"a short trip abroad over the newly
constructed Absurdity Railway, under
the management of the WIHats-Tem
ple-Oehm-Spencer Trans-Continental,
Trans-Atlantic Extraordinary Railway.
The journey will Include a visit to
Egypt, China, Germany, and Scotland,
returning' to Grand Union Depot, where
dancing will be indulged in. affording
the tourist a jolly, unique trip. Each
San Francisco Chapter initiated two
rt rangers at its last held meeting, the
work being done in a very creditable
manner. ,
King Solomon Chapter at Its last held
meeting had work in the initiatory de
gree, and at the next meeting will have
two more candidates for initiation.
Caxita Parlor had an entertainment
on the 9th inst. in celebration of Its
tenth anniversary.
Unity Chapter had an enjoyable whist
p::rty on the evening of March 8.
Mission Chapter on the occasion of
the last meeting in February had a
eclonial party, at which there was a
large attendance. The affair was a
most delightful social function. Many
of the members were attired in the
dress of the olden times.
Ivy Chapter was officially visited last
v.eek by District Deputy Grand Matron
Mrs. A. Chrlteson.
Golden Gate Chapter at its last held
session Initiated five candidates and
then had a collation.
Rose Valley Chapter of Santa Rosa
had a very pleasant meeting on th
occasion cf the recent celebration of the
twenty-sixth anniversary of its institu
tion. Almost the entire membership
was present and there was quite a
number of visitors from chapters In the
neighborhood. Among the latter were
Past Grand Patron Lyman C. Byce of
Petaluma and Mrs. L. C. Byce, district
deputy grand matron.
At a recent meeting of Kingsley
Chapter, Order of the Eastern Star, at
Ukiah. it was officially visited by Mrs.
Lilly C. Byce, district deputy grand
matron of the seventh district of this
State, and during the evening she in
structed the officers in the work of the
order. Subsequently she visited Valley
Home Chapter at Windsor, Sonoma
County, for the same purpose. At each
place the visitor r.-as greeted with a
most cordial welcome and at the close
of the meeting of each chapter she was
delightfully entertained by the officers
and members.
During the latter part of February
Oakland Lodge of Perfection No. 2,
Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite
of Freemasonry, was entertained in
Commandery Hall of the Masonic
Temple by Terba Buena Lodge of
Perfection of this city, at which time
the grand elect, perfect and sublime
Mason, or fourteenth degree, was con
ferred in full form upon twenty-seven
candidates by the officers of the visit
ing lodge. The impressive ceremony
was in perfect form and highly com
mended by the members of the sitting
lodge, of which William P. Filmer is
the venerable master. The work of
the evening was followed by a ban
quet that -was partaken of by about
200. The venerable master of Yerba
Buena Lodge was the toastmaster and
after the feast there were responses
to sentiments by E. H. Morgan, ven
erable master of the Oakland Lodge;
James Bestor Merritt, William Schuy
ler Moses and Duncan McKInlay. The
latter, representing the candidates,
ppoke eloquently of the beauties and
utility of the Masonic fraternity.
During the current month Golden
Gate Commandery. K. . T., has been
kept buFy and will be so until the
• lose of the month. At the first meet
ing it balloted on four petitions for
orders and membership; at the sec
ond meeting the Order of the Tem
l>le and the Order of Malta were con
ferred; at the third meeting it will
ballot on five petitions for orders.
This commandery has accepted the
courteous invitation of California
Commandery to visit it on March 25
and confer the Order of the Temple
on one of its candidates." It is ex
pected that there wijl be a large num
ber of Sir Knights in attendance. The
drill corps of this commandery, which
purposes to shine at the competitive
drill during conclave week in Septem
ber next, is drilling every Thursday
night in the Mechanics' Pavilion. The
commandery has under consideration
the building of a new asylum on Sut
ter street, near f Steiner, in the near
future, and it has ordered architects
to prepare plans. If the project car
ries the present asylum on Sutter
street, between Mason and Taylor,
will be disposed of and the proceeds
applied to the erection of the new
ttructurs.
The Eastern Star.
Mlzpah Court No. X of the Tribe of
Ben Hur had a pleasant and largely
attended social in its hall .in the Odd
Fellows' building last Monday. The
programme, which was made up of mu-
Ben Hur.
the Ladies, Supreme Commander Mrs.
Lillian M. Hollister and Supreme Rec
ord Keeper Bina M. West. At the
close of the session the supreme offi
cers will visit San Francisco and be the
guests of the tents of this city and
those of Alameda County. In Los An
geles the distinguished visitors were
delightfully entertained by the mem
bers of both orders. In this city there
will be a series of entertainments, which
will include a drive about the city to
show the visitors the extensiveness
thereof, Uincheon at the Cliff, a recep
tion in Golden Gate Hall, a trip to the
top of Mount Tamalpais, a banquet by
the Knights to Supreme Commander
Markey at the California on Thursday
evening next, and ( an automobile ride
to the principal points of Interest in
Alameda County. When the supreme
commander reaches this city he will be
met at the depot by the Uniform Rank
of the order, composed of companies of
this city, Oakland, San Jose, Vallejo
and Sacramento.
party in Masonic Opera Hall, South
San Francisco, on next Thursday.even
ing. As usual with this enterprising
parlor the affair will undoubtedly be
a great success.
The following named have been In
stalled as the officers of Genevieve Par
lor, N. D. G. W.: Mrs^Emma Mathe-
Eon", president (re-elected); Mrs. Emma
Nonneman, past president; Lottie Bo-
Grand Council. As soon as the council
attains a membership of 250. and it is
near ttiat now, it will establish a club
and rfladln>r-room in its hall.
- Monrovia" Council has organized a
degree team. VJ 
• The members of the several-councils
of the Royal Arcanum of this city and
those of Alameda County tendered a- re- •
ception last Friday evening in Pioneer
Hall to Joseph A. Langfltt, the sitting
past supreme regent of the order. » He
was welcomed by Past Grand Regent
Gus Gunzeridorfer, after which there
was an interesting programme "of
music and song and addresses by the
guest of the evening. ¦]
"Occidental Camp had a meeting last
week and increased its membership by
the adoption of several .candidates.-
This camp, although but a few weeks
in existence, is considering a. proposi
tion to -get up either a smoker or an
entertainment, just to let its friends
know what kind of a camp it is.
District Deputy R. K. Roberts has
tendered his resignation as such for the
purpose of engaging in business in this
city.
At the first meeting in March of En
righf P»«2p of the Royal Neighbors cf
America, auxiliary to the Modern
Woodmen of Avierica, six candidates
for membership ware adopted and threa
applications were presented. There
were present as visitors Mr. and Mrs.
Corbett of a camp in Kansas City, who,
under good for the order, spoke in hign
terms of the ability of the officers, who
were but recently Installed, to. carry on
the work with as much ease as if they
had been "in office many months. This
camp' intends to make a mark in the
fraternities of this city and expects to
have, before the close of the year, more
than 100 members.
adoption degree and several applica
tions* were presented. This camp has
been making 1 remarkable progress of
late and it promises to become the ban
ner camp in this jurisdiction. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , SUNDAY, MARCH 13. 1904.
A new camp of the Modern Woodmen
of America Is in process of organiza
tion in Petaluma and one will soon be
instituted in' Windsor. x
At the meeting of Goodfellowshlp
Camp last^week there was work in the
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
18Three guesses at the Bauer request
programme for Wednesday afternoon
next:
Beethoven, of course; the Appasslon
ata, or — ? No, no Beethoven.
Schumann, obviously? Right, here,
the "Carnaval."
And Chopin, surely? Inevitably.
the B minor sonata.
Bach will also be very interestingly
represented by the recently discov
ered Toccata in D minor, Gluck by
the Air de Ballet according to Salnt-
Saens, and Wagner by the "Walkuren
ritt," done Into planese by Harold
Bauer himself.
It's a good programme, but I think
would have been bettered by the sub
stitution of a Beethoven sonata for
the one by Chopin. Nobly broad as
Bauer's sympathies are, the pianist is
Let it not be forgotten that this af-,
ternoon the third of the novelty con
certs at Lyric Hall will be given.
For the forgetful . it is reminded ' that
the hour is 3 o'clock. The chief nov
elty of the programme will be the
quartet for piano and strings by Rich
ard Strauss, in which as usual Mrs.
Oscar Mansfeldt will assist the Kopta
people. It is the first time the work
has been given here and there is much
curiosity among chamber music lovers
to hear it. '
Interesting also will be the Dvorak
American String Quartet, introduced
here by Mr. Minetti, .but since not
played. The lighter quartet numbers
include an Adagio by Rubinstein -and
a Bazzini Gavotte. Mr. Kopta will be
the soloist of the afternoon and will
play the ;*.'Perpetuo Mobile," by Ries—
Mr. Kopta's playing of this fiendish
concoction is famous!— and a Romanze
by Svendsen. The programme does not
give the name of the violinist's ac
complice, but I will wager a sixpence
that he or she slips a stitch or two
in the Riea! Even Kocian's Siamese
accompanist balked here. ¦
April will bring a rare treat for us
in the three Schumann-Helnk recitals,
to be given under the direction of that
purveyor of good things, Will Green
baum.Mme. Schumann-Heink is un
questionably the; foremost ' contralto
known to local ken and a' singer of
rarest attainments. She is said to be
even more pleasurable to hear on the
concert platform than on the operatic
stage— like her ' incomparable sister,
Sembrich, of whom one hears there Is
a possibility of -her coming here' next
season." 1905 will see Schumann-Heink
on the .comic opera stage, the second
of the Metropolitan singers • to desert
I believe that San Francisco Is to
have the first of the numerous "Parsi
fals" that have impended since Herr
Conried's successful defiance of Bay
reuth. i This is not certain, as there
are already two or three at production
point and several on the way. The
most important undoubtedly is the
Savage edition, that will of course
have the full musical score.
The Alcaear is, however, first in the
field, with a dramatic version by Fitz
gerald Murphy, to be given to-morrow
evening for the first time. I know yet
nothing of the production but this
fact, that J. C. Williamson, the Aus
tralian Frohman. has purchased the
Australian rights of the Alcazar edi
tion. Again, the production is on a
scale that will be historical in Alcazar
annals. Everything: possible has been
done by the management to ensure the
play's success. The orchestra has
been doubled, a choir engaged, a well
known boy soprano annexed, and cos
tumes on a really splendid scale have
been obtained. Manuel Klein's musical
adaptation will be used.
The Alcazar cast of the drama is as
follows: Mr. Durkin as Parsifal, Miss
Block as Kundry, Kllngson the Magi
clan by Mr. Hllllard, Amfortes by Luke
Conners, Gurnemauz by Mr. Osborne,
and Titurel by Mr. Maher. The drama
will be staged with unusual elaborate
ness and richness, and the orchestra
has been considerably enlarged for the
occasion.
Samuel Collins, -the champagne
dance and "The Silver Slipper" will
continue to amuse at the Columbia
this week. \-r'". "~".i
The Tivoll's Strauss revival, "The
Gypsy Baron," is proving most at
tractive to the large audiences.
"The Rounders," first effort of the
MANY RARE ;TREATS
ARE IN STORE FOR
THE LOVERS OF MUSIC
VARIETY AND QUALITY
IN THE ATTRACTIONS
AT LOCAL THEATERS
iew Fischer regime, seems- to have
aught on at the cozy little theater.
Daniel Sully at the 'California will
change his bill to-night to "The Old
Mill Stream," in which he achieved
success last season. • .
The Central Theater will j fittingly
honor St. Patrick's Day this week
with a stirring production of "Shamus
O'Brien," that will doubtless attract
more than the usual large crowds.
Emmett Corrigan, who made a very
pleasing Impression In the legitimate
in this city some time ago, will be
chief star of the Orpheum's bill this
week in a sketch entitled "Jockey
Jones," in which he has very success
fully appeared in the East.
Deonzo and Schenk, who jump bar
rels, are head-liners at the Chutes this
week.
yet peculiarly susceptible to the Bee
thoven gospel. It Is with him here
as with.De Pachmann and Chopin, a
twin faith. These see the world mu
sical with, a single eye. Had Bauer's
been the creative genius he would
have written In the Beethoven Idiom,
wherefore speaking the master's
tongrne so authoritatively It were
wiser for us so to listen to him. His
Schumann is almost equally persua
sive. I find less of the essential
Chopin in his interpretations of the
Polish master, though this is, per
haps, hypercriticism. Neither In
Chopin's splendid moods — as In the
big A flat Polonaise — does it apply.
But when Chopin is most Chopin, as
when he is heaping shadowy pearls,
moonlit orchids, upon the sad and pas
sionate bosom of some lovely melody,
his secret is not wholly Mr. Bauer's.
Neither when he laughs, a delicately
cynical, polished laughter, does Mr.
Bauer laugh with him. The emotional
pitch is a little different and accentu
ated by the marvelous rapport be
tween the pianist and the other two
composers. . •
I never hope, to hear better Beetho
ven than Mr. Bauer's. There may be,
but I've never heard it, and cannot
conceive of it. His readings have the
stamp of absolute understanding, a
complete intellectual and emotional
sympathy. It is characteristic of a
Bauer auditor to forget the Bauer
technique. There were never fingers
that less obscured the player's soul
and brain than Mr. Bauer's.
It Is a technique that has become
automatic, a technique that has
never been an end, but always a
means. Mechanically It is distin
guished as before noted by a pecu
liarly beautiful cantilena, in which
the pianist's deft pedaling plays a
large part. Mr. Bauer's staccato is
also of the juicy sort and his tone in
the heaviest passages without a hint
of the hammer. As to mere speed, he
can do anything, and he thunders like
Thor, of whispers like Frela with equal
beauty. All through it is eminently
evident that Bauer has listened to
every note he ever made. There has
been no dull Iteration of passages with
cut thought, the pitfall of pianists.
Primarily he has thought of the tone,
the phrase, and the rest has taken
care of itself.
And rou will hear a Schu
mann extraordinary In the "Carnaval."
as presaged by the "Krelsleriana" of
last week. It is dramatic, romantic,
kindly, madly,' grotesquely humorous,
as the mood goes, entirely sufficient, in
short. The Bach should also be a Bacb
de luxe from last Saturday's little pre
lude and fugue. The concert, to suit
the little musical folk and others, has
been set for 2:30 o'clock at Lyric Hall
and with some seats as low as 50
cents— an absolute bargain counter.
Then there is Tuesday night's con
cert, with another fine programme, in
cluding Bach's Italian Concerto. Schu
mann's Fantasle in C, two Chopin
etudes and the G minor Ballade, the
Brahms G minor rhapsody, an Alkan
etude and the Rondo Capriccloso. The
prices for this concert are al*a pop
ul&r
tremely difficult in requiring a com
plete emotional transition, that Mrs.
Fiske accomplishes with rare art. Ths
supporting company, as usual with
Mrs. Fiske, is an admirable one and
was rehearsed under the star's per
sonal direction.
Seats for the first week will be on
sale at the box office to-morrow.
Monday, morning.
J. C. Williamson, the theatrical mag
nate of Australia, before sailing for
home last week, purchased from Fred
eric Belasco the sole Australian rights
to Fitzgerald Murphy's dramatization
of Wagner's music play, "Parsifal," to
be presented at the Alcazar March 14.
Mr. Williamson attended an orches
tral rehearsal at the Alcazar of the
Wagner music as condensed and ar
ranged by Manuel Klein of the New,
York Lyceum. He expressed himself
as much Impressed by the orchestra
tion, as well as the acting possibilities
of the legends of the Holy Grail.
Mr. Williamson will produce ,^arsl
fal" at Her Majesty's Theater, Mel
bourne; Her Majesty's, Sydney, and in
the long- chain of -other colonial houses
which are under his control. William
son is one of the most astute and suc
cessful of managers. He is taking
home with him the cream of London,
Paris and New York successes, and his
acceptance of "Parsifal" may be re
garded as a gratifying Indorsement of
Mr. Belasco's Judgment in selecting the
Wagnerian work for dramatic repre
sentation.
One of the tasks set for himself by
Kirke La Shelle, manager of half a
dozen successful companies, is to drop
in on one of them about once a week,
or oftener, and note how the perform
ance is given. ' He never tells any one
when he will be there. He Is not always
in the lower part of the house/either.
For instance, a few nights ago he was
discovered in the gallery of the Man
hattan, looking at "The Virginian." To
the ordinary auditor, the performance
seemed a model of smoothness and
artistic perfection. But hardly had an
officious usher passed the word around
that "the chief" was in the house before
Mr. La Shelle was on the stage, direct
ing that a rehearsal should be held the
next morning, at which half a dozen
points which he had jotted down on a
leaf of a notebook were to be gone over
until slight imperfections, he had de
tected were eliminated. It is this con
stant vigilance which keeps all Mr. La
Shelle" s presentations up to the mark,
no matter how long they may run.
"A Girl From Dixie," which scored a
pronounced success during Its New
York engagement, is to be presented in
this city at an early date. This latest
musical comedy by Harry B. Smith, the
author of "Robin Hood," "The Fortune
Teller" and other musical productions,
is said to be one of the best of the
Smith efforts. '
• • •
Anna Held and her superb production
of "Mam'selle Napoleon" has started
for the West and will be .the Easter
attraction at. the Columbia" Theater,
where she played a record-breaking
business last year.
grand for comic opera. But there Is
little likelihood of the contralto being
heard in any capacity here for some
years apart from the recitals of next
month, and no one interested In super
latively good singing should miss \her.
Next • week Mrs. Raymond Brown
(Gertrude Foster), well known In the
East as a lecturer and pianist, will
give a series of four "talks" on the
music dramas of Richard Wagner,
with illustrations at the piano from the
original scores, at Lyric Hall.
Mrs. Brown has been successful as a
concert pianist, both in this country
and in Europe, but for the last few
years has devoted her time to the mu
sical lecture field, appearing before the
leading colleges, conservatories, clubs,
.etc., with such subjects as the "So
nata Form," "The Symphony" and
similar topics. This season Mrs. Brown
is devoting herself entirely to the
Wagner music dramas, and. her sub
jects in this city will be as follows:
Tuesday evening, March 22, "The Ring
of the Nlebelungen"; Thursday even
ing, March 24, "Tristan and Isolde";
Friday evening, March 25, "Die Mels
tersinger," and . Saturday matinee
"Parsifal."
* • > •
Mrs. Fiske's engagement at the
Grand Opera-house, which has-been
awaited as one of the most, important
events of the dramatic season* will
begin on Monday of next week, when
San Francisco will see for the first
time Paul Heyse's powerful biblical
drama. "Mary of Magdala." This re
markable play is probably . the most
widely discussed and highly praised of
recent .stage, offerings, and is said to
have won for Mrs. Flske the greatest
triumph of her brilliant career. Last
season Mrs. Fiske presented "Mary of
Magdala" for twelve weeks at her
New York theater, the Manhattan,
and this season it had a supplementary
engagement there. It has been pre
sented with . equal success in Boston,
Chicago and In all the principal cities
of the East. The English adaptation is
the work of William Winter, the dis
tinguished cr itic and essayist, and is
of the high literary quality to be ex
pected from so eminent a, man of let
ters. ; The dramatic opportunities af
forded bv the story of the Magdalen's
regeneration under the Influence of
Christianity have been fully realized,
yet there is nothing in the play to give
offense to persons of any creed — Indeed,
leaders of religious thought. Irrespec
tive of denomination, have highly in
dorsed the Heyse drama. As a pict
ure of the life of , Jerusalem in the
days of Pilate the play.; is also note
worthy, and this effect is furthered by
the elaborate staging. The immense
stage facilities of the Grand Opera
house will permit of the presentation
of "Mary of Magdala" upon a spec
tacular-scale.' In ¦ some of ' the scenes
over one hundred people . appear, " and
the handling of these crowds is an
admirable illustration of Mrs. Fiske'a
talents as a stage director. ' The 'role
of the M/tgdalen l gives, Mrs.: Fiske a
character' different from '" any In which
she has been; seen here, yet as with her
other portrayals, she, endows the. part
with deep introspective ; study and • in
tense dramatic force. The part is ex-
SAMUEL COLLINS, THE COMEDIAN-, TELLS OF FUNNY MEN'S TROUBLES.
I need not inform you, less stupid than
I. is the four-handed kind. "And were
you really the originator? But, Mr.
Collins, the best 'monk' I ever saw was
a woman's— Elfle Fay's."
I'm sure I don't know, only that it
was not by way of Darwin, how we
got to the comedian's family history
here. He told me that his father had
intended him for a rabbi. A double
somersault under the rabbi's reverend
nose changed his plans. The rabbi
recommended the stage, and the Collins
papa consented. There is also a brother
in the business— the short end of the
Collins and Hart team. Then the come
dian casually mentioned that they were
not the only celebrities In the family,
Samuel Gompers, the labor union head,
being his cousin.
"Sam's a great fellow, you know," his
cousin said. "You know, he didn't get
as much school education as I did. But
he'd get a book when we were playing,
and you couldn't get it off him. We're
pretty good friends, you know— the two
Sams. I'm kinder proud of him, and
he's proud of me. He's the eldest son,
and so am I, too, and whenever he's in
the town where I am he comes right
away to the theater to see me. No, I
don't know anything about his work.
Anybody that knows we're cousins asks
me about that. But I don't know any
more about unionism than that match
box," and the comedian pointed gayly
to the sacrilegious matches that stood
where Harned pearls and Held dia
monds were wont to shine.
"Mister Collins!"
Then I had a little heart-to-»heart
talk with Donald Brine, that more than
ever convinced me that he was growing
as young as Lillian Russell and quite
decided me that he was "lovely." He
told me a good story of his earlier salad
days, when playing with George Hi
Powers, of going to the theater and
hanging up his one uniform and mus
tache in the star's dressing-room. Pow
ers' subsequent remarks were not
the point, but the dainty little inferno
the company succeeded in creating for
the aspiring actor for the succeeding
season.
"And that's funny, too," Mr. Collins
added, as he returned.
"'Monk,' 'Monk,' Girard," I hastily
speculated. "Oh, yes, of course, I for
got—it was great." Mr. Collins' "monk."
"Yes, and then the courts decided
that Moulan could act only for Savage.
Moulan had taken Dan McAvoy's place.
Meantime — a funny thing, too, they had
tried four or five other people In my
part without success. Then Mr.
Fisher phoned to Mr. Savage. Savage
had to use Moulan, you see— that he
could use a man— that was me— that
Savage had on his hands and to let
me go. So we all went back to base
again. How did you like the monk last
night? I done it long before Eddie
Girard done it!"
"Did you do a monk, Mr. Collins? I
missed it, then, for I went Just after
the champagne dance."
He looked at me curiously, I thought,
then said: "But that was before—"
"I came In a moment or two late—-"
He looked pained then and said:
•This was at the beginning of the sec
ond act — "
We watched then the lightning archi
tecture of the stage, the building of
the second act, while the comedian
made his change. He answered me
afterward about Bernard as though we
had never been Interrupted.
"Yes, Bernard came before me. He's
great. It's a personality you know.
But I get as many laughs"— the busi
nees-Iike statement got another. "I
was a little afraid of the part, 'you
know. I knew I couldn't do it a bit
like Bernard and I told Mr. Fisher that
he'd have to let me have my own way.
They did and I made good. But I was
let out, business secrets why, after five
weeks. I went to take Frank Moulan'u
then with Savage."
"Moulan had slipped his contract I
remember — "
"Oh, Just tell me how you say 'Mar
tell,' I tried 'em with 'Hennessey three
star,' last night and It didn't go."
The artist supplied the missing pro
nunciation and the comedian disap
peared. But 'Martell, three star,' went
a3 flatly as Hennessy. Our morals will
scon be beyond suspicion.
on: "I must tell you what Alan Dale
said about me, when I first started off.
I was at Hurtig & Seamon's. It was
sure a. pretty bad bill. There was
and before me; she was a
clever little girl, but he can't drive
a truck. Well, Dale went right
through and roasted till he came to
me. Then he said 'Collins* act was
funny in spots, and black and blue in
other spots.' That was all. Ha ha!
But I wasn't black and blue."
"You have been in vaudeville most
ly?"
"Sure. But I've done everything;
I've done a Dutchman, a Hebrew,
Irish, dago. Then I was with the
'Black Crook' as Greppo for eight and
'a half months in New York, and of
course with the Dalys."
"Have you," I asked solemnly, "any
Shakespearean aspirations?"
"Me!" Collins shrieked, and I
feared for his ears as his mouth
spread gorgeously. He got up then,
hand on heart, and said: "My dear,
you flatten me! No, I have never
thought of doing Shakespeare; I don't
think I could. I don't know whether
I can act or not" — it was as much to
himself as to me that he addressed
the speculation. "Still, one must be
able to act a little to do what I do?
And — well. I can do a pretty good
French character, and a dago, too. I
don't know. One does one thing, an
other another. Schnapps is his, beer
is mine. But I love Shakespeare. I
saw Nat Goodwin in — in — vot iss?"
" "Midsummer Nij-ht's Dream?' "
"Sure; I was crazy in • love with
that—"
Collins!" — came through the
door.
"Good-by; but won't you come on?"
the comedian invited, jamming on his
wig, and rushing on the stage.
"We followed him, to his scene with
Donald Brine, ar.d watched the little
comedian harvesting his laughs.
He returned to pdt on the professor's
disguise, feaying: "They don't liven up
on .this first scene, you know. But now,
there was places where they laughed
more to-night than they did last night.
Did you notice that new one? Just
came to me. 'Installation,' Brine says.
I say 'smallation.' Oh yes! tall, thin
gentleman, I know him well.' It's little
things like that, you know."
"Then you dp gag."
"Yes. mem, I believe you," Collins
replied. He said then, with those child
like eyes of his asking approval: "It's
according as things strike me locally.
Now last night, you'd notice I said
'North Shore railroad' for a bad one.
In New York we say the B. and O.
It lost me a laugh,' and every laugh Is
like a little piece of gold to me. I'm
going to try the Union Pacific on 'em
to-night."
That lost him another.
Then from under the corsair
mustache he had donned came the
eager inquiry: "Now, sure, you can
tell me. How did that Joke go about
the 'Japs doing a Russian business?' "
I'm afraid I said "bully!" It was the
one bright spot to me.
"What do you think?" the comedian
said again: "I got so excited at Salt
Lake City that I said 'the Russians
were doing a Jappish business!" Of
course the people didn't know what I
was talking about. But the company
did. I haven't heard the last of it yet."
"Don't the authors mind your gag
ging?"
"They may," he paid. "Some
shouldn't. The stage managers do, too,
sometimes. What do you think? We
had a stage manager — "
"Not really," I irreverently inter
rupted, for there's a good deal about
"The Silver Slipper" that suggests the
absence of that functionary.
"Oh, we have a new one now," Col
lins remarked. Then, pulling the ends
of his mustache wrathfully, he went
on: "The other fellow objected to the
gags. And what do you think he did?
He wrote 'stick to the libretto' on my
mirror, with grease-paint — my own
grease-paint. He hadn't nerve enough
to come and tell me. And I ask you
where is the libretto? Fancy a score
without a single song for the chief
comedian! 'Never had to work* is mine,
and Mr. Brine fixed up the muBic and
dance to it. Libretto!"
"Sam Bernard had the part before
you*—"
"Mister Collins—"
"A few," Collins owned. His mouth
•widened a foot or two as he went
Last week Harold Bauer and the in
finities of Beethoven; this week the
rasurne humors of Sam Collins — it's a
bis world! And it does not stretch
much farther than frc-rn Bauer to Col
lins. ' ¦
Hiberr.ianly, it was not their period
nor the obvious and even planetary
contrast that posed the two together
for me, but their similarity of differ
ence. They are linked by a perfection
of disparity, a polar disagreement, as
black and white. It lies in their con
sciousness of hors- they do things. Half
knowledge is common with the art folk
here, a little more, a little less. Sam
Collins, delightfully, no more knows
why he is funny than Bauer could ig
r.ore the littlest milligram of his power.
His fun-making is pure instinct as
Bauer's art is most subtly conscio-us.
His effects are simplest accident, as
the pianist's are most profoundly cal
culated. He thinks with his heels, with
his electric toes, his Comus mouth, as
evidently as Bauer is thinking aloud
through his fingers. They are both
modest — ar.d arrived there by different
hemispheres. They are both conscience
possessed, though Bauer's linen wilts
through a "Walkurenritt" and Collins"
collar succumbs to a "Xever Had to
"Work." But to the week's pedalist.
Sam — everybody calls him "Sam" —
was at home to us in his dressing-room
at the Columbia last Tuesday evening.
1 had set time and place before I had
"said things" about "The Silver Slip
per." I'd just as soon, you know, not
brush skirts with a hard working little
sister that I have advised does not
know her business according to my
lights, and you couldn't miss 'em in
""The Silver Sllrper." However, the
dfed was done, and 8 o'clock found us
at the door of the "Margaret Anglin,"
the star dressing-room.
A knock brought ths terra-cotta nose
of Hensch and a plea for time to the
inch slit of the opened door. A moment
more and we were admitted. Mr. Coi
iir.s had all of Hensch on except the*
Fliegende Blatter locks. In fact our
moment's wait was not for him. A
glance round the room betrayed the
culprit. Check trews, loud vest?,
riratical locks and sombreros, and oh,
me. oh, my, the gallant frogged coat of
Donald Brine, hung where the sacred
silks and !aces of feminine stardom are
wont to 'rustle. I had that morning
accused Mr. Erine— led thereto by the
Elim and cherubic outlines, the rather
charming backwardness of "The Silver
Slipper's" barytone — of youth. I had
further advised a kindly captivity until
grown. That I had also prophesied a
welcome for him at maturity I now
hoped would save me from the sword
that goes with his handsome uniform —
that, however, I dimly suspected was
chocolate! But Mr. Brine disappeared
.is we seated ourselves. Collins said:
"He's a lovely chap. The dressing
room is big and I enjoy having him
with me for company." *
"Will you tell me," I whispered, "Just
how old Mr. Brine is? He looks about
twenty to me — a young twenty."
"He's ," Collins replied, giving
figures that at least entitle him to some
years of respect from me.' I forgot
them, however, when the dimpled chin
and round, young eyes of Brine reap
peared. He is Incorrigibly young! II*
told me, we Ehook hands later — but
that can wait.
Mr. Collins began things by telling
me that he would like to have come out
it 1 "San Toy," as Li, a part that he
had played with the Daly company
for two years.
"You wouldn't believe how nervous
I was last night," he added. "I've
been wanting to come to San Francisco
for the last twenty years. And of
course I wanted to do well."
"We did have the Daly company here
last season," I informed, "with John
Slavin. You know him?"
"Roomed with hhn a long time back,"
the comedian said.
"I wonder if that Teas In the days
?.hen there were two collars among
three of you?"
"That It was," Collins laughed.
"There were six of us in one suite of
rooms and the first one up was the
best dressed!"
"I almost decided that you were
cockney bred last night, Mr. Collins.
To-night. I don't know — "
"You're next- Yes, mem," Collins
nodded. "And that's a funny thing, too.
I came here from London when I was
three months old. I've been back since
with the 'Casino Girl,' though, and
rubbed up on the accent. I went
there with Lederer — and that's a fun
ny thing, too. He wanted a knock
about comedian. I was one. He
didn't want to pay any price. I wasn't
it- But he took me. And at the end
of the run he presented me with a
gold watch on the stage, said I was
the hardest working comedian before
the public. Funny thing, too."
Mr. Collins slapped his knees and
looked up ingenuously. He has a pair
of eyes as attractive as any I have
seen in a human head. They're brown,
clear and deep and look at you with
the kind, uncritical gaze of a dog.
There's a ¦wonderful wide mouth un
der them, sparse black hair over. The
Hensch nose hid the Collins feature,
but nothing could hide the prevailing
kindness of the face, not even the
wondrous thing in make-ups before
me. But his bedecked and bestrlped
figure. It would have taken an even
wiser person than his interviewer to
recognize the acrobat in the short,
rather etocky gentleman fronting me.
I had been discreetly wondering since
his performance Just how much of
Mr. Collins was not black and blue.
I said: "I agree with Mr. Lederer,
I never saw any one work harder
than you. But — doesn't it hurt?"
"Hurt? Why no! Bless your in
nocence!" Collins assured me. "Those
falls. I love to do 'em. And I don't
do half as many as I could!" — there
was humble pride here. "Of course
one shouldn't butt in with a fall only
when the situation calls for ft. But
I'd just as soon fall all night. I'll tell
you something though — and it's funny,
too: I do hurt myself falling for a
bad audience. You haven't the same
epiriL You see, you can't make
benches laugh. Then you faJl half
way and hurt yourself."
"You must have been practicing a
long time?" I say respectfully.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi.' SUNDAY, . MARCH 13, 1904.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19Another instance — nearer home — will
be the nuptials of Miss Belle Coulter
and John Posey of Los Angeles, both
well known in the San Francisco smart
set, whose marriage is set for next
•week.
Mrs. Oliver P. Posey— that's an
awfulb' sweet name, Posey. isn't it?—
is one of the star.chest adherents of the
Episcopal church in the southern city
and is said to be much disconcerted
over the Lenten date of the wedding,
as it necessarily precludes such elab-
Now to those not of the orthodox
schools the giving of a luncheon, a card
party; or a dinner in Lent* is no attack
on the citadel of their conscience, hence
its legitimacy. But as, to weddings,
h st they be merely Vrivil . ceremonies,
the 3cast of church people must' consult
the Lenten law— whlcii frdwns strongly
upon the celebration of 'nuptials during
the forty days of sackcloth and ashes.
Therefore the forbearance of the hosts
of lovers till the dawn of Easter, when
not only the church but nature Is
predigral with joy and benedictions.
Thus the avalanche of Easter brides
yes, of course, there are crooms, too.
The wedding of Miss Bessie Center
and Ture L. Steen in London on Tues
day last was a notable instance of a
FUFpension of rules — when the vener
able Archbishop of Canterbury, under
special dispensation, performed the
ceremony that had been long assidu
ously sued for by the importunate
groom.
On i April 4 ' Miss Eleanor; Eckart,
daughterof Mr. and Mrs. William R.
Eckart,- will become 1 the bride, ; of Ed
ward Hume, son of Mr. ; and, Mrs.
George Hume of PIedmont.\ " .; ,
The. wedding is to' be rather an elah,
orate. affair. .Miss. Georgie-Spleker; and
Miss Mabel Donaldson ; serving as
It, takes no Tennyson to hear the
jingle of the wedding bells of the glad
some Easter hour. Herewith are a few
of the imminent affairs: Miss Frances
Harris and Ernest Albert Steht, April
6. And on. the same date Miss Ethol
Kent and Lieutenant Gilbert Allen,
U. S. A., will be wedded In Grace
Church. It will \ be" an evening affair,
with all the eclat of an evening func
tion — for who w r ill" deny "that daylight
weddings ' with all their accompanying
fripperies is tawdry? , They: certainly
lack atmosphere— but .. secretly, me
thinks. what they roost lack ' is shadow
and . the kindly light .of , commerce.
Heavings! "What a wrench,. a. splotch
on the nose of a'fair bride or -.freckles
on the brow . of her maid give one,
revealed under the hateful 'light of day.
And those are mere trifles under gas
light—and with . the divine aid \ of the
masseuse, who knows how.. ... ¦•
Therefore, let us have more night
¦weddings, since we are ) growing to be
more and more an artistic people. Be
sides,- even the,; guests look" better.
at the Palace; Mrs. John E. Medau's
tea in honor of Miss Henrietta Moffat.
Friday — Luncheon given, by.- Miss
Helen Bowie in honor of Miss Frances
Harris; reception atth^ Sketch Club;
Mrs. McAneny's dinner at the Palace.
Saturday— Miss Jane Wilshlre's card
party; Mrs. Albert Woodburn Scott,
"Parsifal" afternoon; Mrs. R. G. Han
ford's "Silver Slipper" party. ' "«' v
¦Monday — Mrs. Joseph Chancellor en
tertained Mr. and Mrs. Mclntosh of
Chicago at dinner at the Palace; Sirs.
McAneny. hostess at a dinner at. the
Palace.
Tuesday — Mrs. Walter -Martin enter
tained at luncheon in the palrh garden;
Jlrs. John Charles Adams, hostess at
luncheon at her home in Oakland.;
, Wednesday— Wedding of Miss Elsie
Smith and Thomas H. Storke.
Thursday — Mi-Careme at Burlingame
Clubhouse; Mrs. I. S. Lewis' card party
- " ¦ 1 .
The following is a brief roster of the
leading affairs of the week, the Mi-
Careme towering mightily over its
fellows:
oration as Fhe would devoutly admire
at the nuptials of her devoted son.
But being Lent, and the young folk in
sistent, a. quiet wedding: is anticipated
as a compromise measure.
But weddings are not all of life.
There are a few other relaxations for
those who have already committed the
act of matrimony — luncheons, dinners,
and— ah! there was the piece de re
sistance—the Mi-Careme at Blingum,
with Mrs. Carolan and Mrs. Andrew
McCreery hostesses.
. And last — and perhaps sweetest — are
the functions on the cards in the fra
prrant name of charity — the circus and
horse show of the Doctor's Daughtera,
on March 25, at the Riding Academy at
the park; the Indian pow-wow at the
Jackson-street residence of Mrs. George
Law Smith, on the 18th and- 19th. for
the benefit of the Animals' Refuge; the
carVi party at Native Sons' Hall for the
benefit of the Nursery for Homeless
children, and— but this barely escapes
the Lenten hour — the garden party of
Miss Mollfe Phelan for the benefit of
the St. Ignatius Girls' Training Home.
THREE YOUNG WOMEN PROMINENT IN SOCIETY.
There,- is a., distinct picture ; in my
mind of ; a recent noon wedding— than
which nothing could .have been ; more
carefully planned ¦ as to elegance of
detail, both as to gowning of the bridal
party and decorations, : but alas! for
the dinglness of the limp, chiffon, the
white coats; and -.the white frou-frous
of the assembled guests?.. Having done
duty for a,- heavy, season of functions,"
they .were distinctly not the . proper
Well, here's to the groom— and his
one attendant. Likewise to the pretty
bride and her eight!
Likewise will the nuptials ; of Miss
May Burdge and. Bernard Miller occur
during the same 'glad month at Arbor
Villa in Oakland. This fair bride is to
be supported by eight v equally fair
maids. "What a bewildering picture
they will make! Miss Burdge has se
lected the following young ladles to see
her safely Into the hands of 'her future
protector: Miss ' Grace Sperry, Miss
Florence Nightingale, Miss ; Mary . Bar
ker, Miss Evelyn Kills, Miss Florence
"White, Miss Marion Goodfellow, "Miss
Carolyn Oliver and Miss May Coogari.
The groom will be supported by Clay
Gooding— but doesn't the support seem
inadequate in contrast to ; that of the
bride ? _ Do you think the custom will
ever arrive wherein the groom, may
have six or eight friends at his back to
brace him up? If the bride has the
privilege, why not - the groom ?
As Mr. * Lee is an. exponent of the
cavalry, the color scheme of:the-wed
ding will be yellow—gowns, flowersand
all the trappings that, go to make- a
fashionable wedding. "
Miss Pearl Sabln 5 will officiate ,' as
bridesmaid— likewise the stunning
ter of thergroom, Miss F.^ Lee. while
Mrs. Wells., sister, of the bride, will
serve as ; matron . of honor. '. y ; .
On the same day Miss Kathro 1 Bur
ton, youngest daughter of Generaland
Mrs. Burton/ will be wedded in Wash
ington, D. C. , to .¦ Lieutenant George
Lee, ; son of General Fitzhugh < Lee. : :-.
"Who is there* among- the"; Presidio
Lochinvars who does; / not ¦":. remember
chic, .coquettish little Kathro ¦BurtorT?
And there are a few * sighing i swains
among the townsfolk ¦ who remember
well the' dark depths of her violet eyes.
bridesmaids , and Mrs. Benjami
Thomas as matron . of honor."
What family within the scope of our
memory has ;- reared^vjthln Its {bosom
four, such beautiful women as the Voor
hies? 'f( There's Miss -Marie, who ,- is in
Manila as a i guest of. Governor j and
Mrs.. Luke --Wright, Mrs. Guy,; Scott
(who, by the way, - became .entitled to
the proud /title of "mamma" two. weeks
ago), : Mrs.; Thomas ; Porter.: Bishop jand
Mrs. J. Malcolm Henry of Washington,.
D. C, '. who has been as popular in the
..Mrs. Bruguierei - mere, is contemplat
ing a continental 2. tour", next month, and
it. is said that she will take the Emil
Bruguieres with her. -I The ;. blandish
ments of New York and Newport have
quite \ won .•» the, 'love of Madam ¦ Bru
guiere, 'and .thither she will 'return—
perhaps to, make's her,> home. ,: :. ., .;
The Pedar,Brugieres are. living Jn. a
sumptuously ; appointed v flat : on • Va
llejo street, blissfully happy in the pos
session of , a dear little , babe— the pic
ture (of ; his beautiful mother, who was
the picturesque Miss Marion Andrews.
. The Ralph Harts are among the most
Interesting of the recent intrepid in
vaders of the matrimonial elysium.
Their nuptials last week were without
display, being witnessed only, by mem
bers of the bride's family., Mr. Hart is
a Chicago .man— which \ is "the only
grudge society has against him, as he is
strongly suspected of planning to carry
away his bride to the Windy City.
On Saturday, the 9th of next month,
the Phelan grounds on Valencia street
will hold a gay and festive gathering
on charity — or curiosity— bent, when a
fete will be on, with booths, grab bags
and fish ponds— for the benefit of St.
Ignatius Training School. Thls_ splen
did institution is situated at 406 Eighth
street, near Harrison, where 200 girls
are instructed in the arts of cookery,
sewing and general housewifery. The
funds sought to be raised are io perpet
uate this scheme for an evolution" of
the s ( erving-maid question— quite as se
rious as -any of the -"sociological ques
.tionB ,61 the day— likewise to prepare
girls for usefulness in their parental or
th.eir*future homes as neat and' thrifty
home,makers. . .'¦/¦.-'
', The fete, is inthe hands' of Mrs. L.
W. Kinstry, president of the Training
School ; ¦• Miss Mellis. j vice president ;
Miss. Alice -Hasef, principal; Miss Alice
Butler, i treasurer: Miss Douglass, sec-'
retary ; j the directors are Miss Grace
Buckley, Miss' Charlotte Moulder, Miss
Grace^Martin, Mrs. Walter Dean, Miss
Peyton, Miss Ada Sullivan, - Miss Co
vode, Miss Frances McKinstry, Misses
Cabrera, Miss Ruth Allen, Miss Beth
Allen, Miss Helen de Young, Mrs. Bo
wle-Detrick, Mrs.' Harriet Barnett and
"Miss Dottie Collier. ,,
caper for a daylight wedding.
Has it ¦ occurred to you to ponder
upon , what San Francisco would- do
with "Parsifal" if put on here Jn - its
entirety as it has 'been in New York
at the Metropolitan? The performance
isj; parted in the middle— beginning at
2 or 2:30 and lasting. till. 6: then resum
ing where \ the break began and • play
ing on till .11. . Now, doesn't that strike
'¦ What d'ye think : Ulysses S. Grant
would, say if he were summoned to at
tend the council of the Grant Family
Association held -last week 'in New
York? : Jesse Grant and Miss Grant
went on from San Diego to the national
conclave of Grants, finding on their
arrival sixty of the kinsmen. The pro
jectors of this ' valuable body, aver that
there are 12,000 descendants of Matthew*
and, Priscilla Grant, who were the
founders of the family In America.
."What inflammatory, ideas she must
possess after having' figured 1 as "lead
ing- lady" in the Durbar— said to be
the most gorgeous spectacle" witnessed
in modern where" pearls, dia
monds, rubies, sapphires, emeralds and
all the- mineral flowers of the earth
figured by -the peck! '
Our democratic country is soon to be
honored by the return to its shores of
the erstwhile queen's alternate in In
dia, *I#ady- Curzon, who at- the present
moment is lapped in. the luxury of
London. "With her is her daring and
pretty s sister, Daisy Letter, with < both
en-route to Washington,'- D. C.
That the national capitalites will
welcome their compatriots back to their
native soil is a foregone . conclusion—
for just see how near, how very near.
Lady Mary came . to : being the real
thing in the way of royalty. But list
ye, merry welcomers! Beware that
ye pronounce not the vulgarian word
"vicereine" as~ the; feminine construc
tion for Viceroy, for, there is no femin
ine correlative to Viceroy— save "wife
of the Viceroy." She's Just plain Lady
Mary— but the handsomest woman that
ever rode • a white elephant in' the
streets of beautiful Bombay.- . ; ;^' :
• .•-.-¦•
• • •
It's really becoming an affair df se
rious moment — the future intentions
of the debonnair Dr. Harry Tevis. Not
a word says he of throwing up the
sponge and yielding to the blandish
ments of some fair Felice, but rumors
are rife and they -will 'not down. And
now, as corroborative evidence, the
Tevis home is being refurbished, pillar
ed, and otherwise beautified, and really,
now, don't things begin to look suspi
cious? It's not nice of this
otherwise . charming bpn vivant not to
let us in on his little secret — well,^be
cause—because Miss Ames is -too far
away to answer for herself, don't you
know. • .
The Truxtun Beales are soon to visit
their beautiful home in the national
capital.
smart set this winter as a debutante.
Miss Henrietta Moffat. second daugh
ter * of Mr. and Mrs. ¦ Henry Moffat, is
preparing to make a tour of Europe,
accompanied by the Misses Bull. Miss
Moffat is an exceptionally clever girl,
caring but little for the flippancies of
society, but enjoying thoroughly the in
tellectual set with which she is identi
fied, and the same is true of her yourur-
Miss Cora Kirk of Chicago is the
guest "of Mrs. Carolan at her Bur-
Hngame home. She dresses smartly,
Is a good whip and talks well.
There are in the Blingum set now
daughters of three opulent Chicago
ans—Mrs. Jack Casserly, Mrs. Frank
Carolan, who" was one of the Pullmans,
and pretty Miss Kirk. ¦
Would it not be a nice thing for
some clever chap to induce MfSs Kirk
to remain always? Her manners are
really charming, and she would make
really a delightful addition to the
rural smart set. Chappies, here's a
tip. \
, - All the maids and matrons who will
assist Mrs. Smith will wear the gaudy
,garb of Indian maids — and the men
folk will fare forth . as Hiawatha,
Broken Arm, Shot
in-the-Eye, Spotted Face .and hosts of
other historic scalp-lifters— who ¦will
sing, dance, perform the ceremonial
rights, practice soothsaying and . ex
plain the hidden pietry in the three
hundred rare baskets in Mrs. Smith's
collection, likewise the latest mys
teries of one hundred and fifty pipes,
Itrinkets, etc.
That the affair will offer delightful
entertainment is assured— for who of
us is on a friendly footing with Indian
lore? Not many, I fear. Besides, the
animals, our dear, devoted dumb
friends, will be benefited thereby.
The invitations of birch, bark are
symbolic of the Indian atmosphere of
the function, on which appear in the
aboriginal colors an Indian chief and
his dog.
P : He thinks, transported to that equal sky.
His faithful dog will bear him company. .
Miss Florence Callaghan is one of the
clever women who know a good horse
when they see one — she who is to be
the bride of Vincent de Laveaga.'
. On Friday and- Saturday, during the
afternoons and evenings of March 18
and 19, Mrs. George Law Smith and
her daughter, Miss Maude Smith, will
open their home at 2226 Jackson
street for an Indian tea — the Animals'
Refuge to be the beneficiary.
Of the circus and horse show of the
Doctor's- Daughters on the 25th trick
riding is to be a feature. Just watch
pretty Miss Hogg do her tandem stunt.
There isn't a day— save that roof
raising day — that the horsewomen
haven't been seen on the road with
their handsome mounts.
• * •
you as work? However, those friends
who have heard it say that the sub
limity of the opera awes one into for
getting self, time, dinner and all other
grosser things, and that applause is
wholly unknown — that sounds of ap
proval would be as fit in a cathedral.
Do you think we of the West have ar
rived at that stage of civilization?
Perhaps the Twentieth Century Club
might save us from eternal condemna
tion. However, we are eminently safe,
for Helnrich Conried is too sane a di
rector to spring such a stupendous
work upon us just yet. albeit strange
things have happened out here in the
West.
Those present were: Miss Opal
Pierce, Miss Jean Pedlar. Miss Jessie
Burns, Miss Ada Clark. Miss Ruth
Clark. Miss Lincoln. Miss Daisy Lin
coln, Mrs. Edward Moore and Dr. Niv
erson Fc-rce, Dr. Homer Craig. Dr.
Robert Burns. Marshall Dill. James
Irvine. Thomas Churchill, Horace Stoll,
Dr. H. M. Simmons and Frank South
slcH.
On Monday evening Mis3 May Sharon
entertained a party of friends at bowl
ing, following \he sport by a delightful
supper at the Palac"§ Hotel.
Cherry blossoms, maidenhair ferns
and pink blossoms gladdened the round
table, from which pink shaded candela
bra shed a roseate glow.
• • •
"William "Watson was host at an in
formal bowling party on Thursday
evening. His guests were Miss May
llta Pease. Miss Edna Middleton. Lieu
tenant Victor Lewis. U. B. A., and Mrs.
R. H." Pease Jr.jjSBH
The announcement of Miss Elizabeth
Mills' recovery has brought much
pleasure to a host of ¦¦ friends and
friends' friends.
What simple, pretty, frocks Miss
Constance de Young wears! And Miss
Helen, too, for that matter. For two
young women who have at their com
mand the gratification of any reason
able whim, they are really surprising.
And as for charm and simplicity of
manner, would that a few young -wo
men of lesser station would take no
tice.. Snobbishness in San Francisco
society? Well, not very much of It.
but what there is, is where it fits the
worst
• • •
Miss Helen de Young is a fearless
whip. She handles the ribbons with
the dexterity of a Rocky Mountain
stage driver, and with about as much
temerity. \ v
Miss Cherry Bender entertained the
Browning Club last week at her home
on Green street, when a clever little
musical programme was offered.
Among the members are Mrs. George
Oulton, Mrs. Harry Nathaniel Gray.
Mrs. Josephine Norria de Greayer, Mrs.
Norris — all thoughtful women and
Mrs. Mackay"s book is out, and not a
single sensation In It save the one that
Mrs. Mackay wrote the book. Since a
girl she had a predilection for scrib
bling, and when quite young wrote a
little book of aphorisms and epigrams
which really were not half bad. And,
by the way, on her father's side she
comes from a witty and clever race.
Lady Kitty Duer, for whom Mrs.
Mackay was named, being a noted wit
of her day. But the of Destiny"
Is not a problem book, nor does It pos
sess the elementary base for a novel — it
lacks action. It is written in short,
didactic sentences, that scarcely belong
to that type of work. It Is said that
the young wife of the millionaire cares
but little for society, eschews fiction
reading and devotes much time to the
twin pursuits of psychology and so-* 1
dology. When Mayor Schmltz was
visiting in New York Miss Mackay in
vited him to luncheon that he might
talk to her of the labor conditions in
the "West and the condition of the la
boxers there. The Mayor was much
amazed at the amount of Information
his hostess already possessed, cftid on
his return to this city he sent her sev
eral books on the subjects Interesting
her. This courtesy brought forth a most
charming little note of acceptance and
gratification at the Information gained.
Thus it will be seen that the young
woman is serious minded and practical,
and hardly the type of mind to evolve
a great imaginative novel. But, good
or bad. her example of work is a splen
did one. It establishes a purpose of liv
ing for members of the dawdling set.
But I doubt much that they will take
notice, for many of them are insuffi
ciently equipped with the brain matter
that takes notice.
Sliss Pearl Landers 13 setting the
Los Angeles chaps by the ears — and
even so, the women folk like her im
mensely. She's visiting her cousin.
Mrs. Jack Johnston, and a merry pair
they are. Though keeping up a sem
blance of Lenten circumspection, they
are entertaining and being enter
tained.
er sister. Miss Emma Moffat. who has
recently completed a post-graduate
course at the University of California.
On Thursday Mrs. John Medau was
hostess at a tea In honor of the fair
wanderer, at which the following
ladies assisted in receiving: Mrs.
Charles Francis Jackson, Mrs. Alfred
Rulofson, Mrs. "William R. Cluness Jr.,
Mrs. Frank "Winchester, Miss Emma
Moffat. Miss Rilia Murdock. Miss Mari«
Bull and Mrs. Herman Hadenfeldt.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO * CALL? SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1904/
MID-LENTEN PLEASURES OF THE SMART SET.
20Continued on Page 23, Column 5.
Carries Russian Sailors Homeward.
NAGASAKI, March 12. — The French
The Japanese authorities treat for
eigners very courteously and have just
given American Minister Allen per
mission to go to the front with a pas
sage on a transport to Chenampho,
where he is expected to arrive to-day.
War; preparations continue here
methodically, while about 30,000
Koreans' pursue their normal every
day life free from excitement The
funeral of the late Empress Dowager
will take \ place on Monday next.
SEOUL, March 12. — Detachments
of Korean soldiers marching up and
down the main streets in the neigh
borhood of the palace at all hours of
the day and evening give an air of
martial activity to this city. But few
Japanese soldiers remain here. All
have gone north and the foreign lega
tions continue tp be guarded by
marines. The American legation has
thirty-five men on duty in the grounds
and others are quartered at American
business houses for the sake of better
accommodations. Foreigners, how
ever, feel perfectly safe, although
there is more real business activity at
Chemulpo.
, There • Is a. deep-seated conviction
here that henceforth 'there will be a
complete change of sea tactics., Admiral
Mackaroff will make the fleet ; at Port
Arthur an aggressive force. He enjoys
the' reputation throughout the- length
ST. PETERSBURG, March 12.—Ad
miral Makaroff's name was on every
lip in St. Petersburg to-day. He is the
.hero of the hour^' The details of Thurs
day's fighting : in Port Arthur did not
become'publie until this morning, when
eager cr.owds; , unmindful t of a heavy
snowfalh gathered, about . Viceroy
Alexleff's bulletins, which were posted
at every corner. The sorrow. over the
loss \ of the Russian "torpedo-boat de
stroyer was swallowed up by the ad
miration'caused.by the daring exploit
of the Russian naval commander in
chief in going personally to. her rescue.
steamship Sydney, which sailed to-day,
bound for -Shanghai, took 250 Rus
sian sailors who formerly manned the
condemned prizes of the Japanese.
MAKAROFF LIKELY
TO KEEP TOGO BUSY
AT PORT ARTHUR
¦ Makaroff's ideas run counter to those
generally accepted by naval experts
and strategists. One of his pet aver
sions is armor. The admiral Is ever
outspoken in his criticism of the heavy
battleship, which, he has always con
tended, placed too many eggs in a sin
gle basket, and shows his partiality
for a. fleet composed, of a large hum-,
ber of swift, unarmored cruisers, armed
with heavy ,guns and attended by a/i
unlimited number of torpedo-boats. The
protected cruiser Novik, tj\ which he
transferred his flag. in. the attempt to
rescue the torpedo-boat destroyer, is
practically .without armor protection.
Admiral. Makaroff's predilection for
swift ships has earned. him the sobri
quet of the "Cossack of the. Sea.", He
is not likely to give the enemy much
rest while any of his cruisers or tor
pedo-boats remain afloat.
like a night torpedo-boat attack on the
enemy's base. behind the Elliott Islands,
and breadth of the empire of being
a dashing officer, who delights in bril
liant ' achievements, and his action of
Thursday, adds to his laurels as a bold
and fearless .fighter, .who loves to take
the chances of war.
are aware from our occupation of Port
Arthuf'of the- invulnerability of the
port to attack and of the small damage
they can- cause by shelling. Their ob
ject is' believed; to be not so much seri
ously to attempt to reduce the port .at
this time as to impress Europe '• and
America,. in order^ to facilitate the plac
ing of a. loan, to show. the Chinese .the
power of the. Japanese fleet and gradu
ally to change the passive but protest
ing attitude of the Koreans .to their
favor. • ' '
Reports have been published with a
Tokio date line of most sympathetic
relations which have sprung up be
tween Korea and Japan, but the Osla
siatischer Lloyds publishes the follow
ing:.
'"The Korean Emperor compliments
Japan upon the : successful \ siege ,of
Port Arthur and commands his faith
ful subjects to give all possible assist
ance to the Japanese army. - His Ma
jesty has sent gifts' of cigarettes to' the
soldiers." ": *
Russians'! here are asking jokingly if
theEmpefor sent; matches also. . '.:
JAPAN'S SOLDIERS
LEAVE SEOUL FOE
KOREAN FRONTIER
ST. PETERSBURG, March 1* — The
Novoe Vremya says: "By all the laws
of war coal is contraband. Coal seized
on a British ship in the Red Sea may
be used for the requirements of the
Russian fleet, •wtiile the ship may be
sold for the benefit of the Russian ex
chequer." -j ;';¦. •"/ ,
President Roosevelt's warning to of
ficials that they must avoid giving of
fense to either belligents during the
war has created vivid satisfaction
here, as being strongly favorable to
the cause of international peace.
TIENTSIN. March 12. — The Japan
ese fleet attacked Port Arthur. ; on
"Wednesday at midnight and continued
the bombardment almost incessantly
until 2:30 o'clock on Thursday after
noon. Some vessels bombarded from
Pigeon Bay, landing many shells in
the new town, with the re'sult that
several leading Russian residents w^re
killed.. All British subjects and Amer
icans are said now to have fled. The
Russian fleet was ordered to leave Port
Arthur at 5 o'clock on Friday morn
ing and engage the Japanese fleet, Ad-
MakarofC favoring an aggressive pol
icy.
YINKOW, March 12. — When, last
Thursday's bombardment of Port Ar-
thur was officially announced here,
without the details that came yester-.
day, it caused greut depression and
provoked much criticism of the Rus
sian naval officers. It Is said that dur
ing the bombardment .Vice. Admiral
Makaroff was absent and that he wl«s
inspecting the damage done at Dalny
several hours before by the Japanese
shells.
PORT ARTHUR, Friday, March 11.
(From a Russian Correspondent.) — -I
Inspected yesterday the points on
which the fire of the enemy was cen
tered, particularly during the -last
bombardment. Some buildings were
slightly damaged.
Lying safely at anchor In the two
basins were the vessels of the Russian
fleet, not one of which sustained in
jury worth mentioning. This inappre
ciable result followed four hours of
fierce cannonading, during which the
enemy fired from a great distance in
order to throw shells over the hill into
the town and basins. It was noticed
that few of the shells exploded. *The
more the enemy bombards ; the more
we are convinced that it will be im
possible for the Japanese to take Port
Arthur.
It is believed here that the Japanese
- .P1XGYANG (via Seoul), March n. — Foreign newspaper correspondents have been prohibited, from advancing .northward -hitherto, the Japanese command
ers slating that nothing important will take place before March 28. Meanwhile Pingyang is a field' of; military occupation. The reported exodus is somewhat ex
aggerated, though large numbers .have fled to the interior, and on the mainjoute northward. 200. little villages are deserted. /
General Kiniruino, commanding at .Pingyang, left to-day with the remainder of his troops on the advance toward the frontier. Japanese troops arc occupy
ing all of the local barracks. The flight of the villagers makes it impossible* to obtain news •'from Korean sources..." . .
CHEFU. March 12. — The Russians- are constructing new forts at the land entrance to Port Arthur.. Several thousand Chinese laborers are working on
these forts. A refugee from Port Arthur reports that the Retvizan, the Cesarevitch and the Palla da are- under repairs in the naval drydock and the rest of the Heet
is anchored west of the harboi.
The Xewskv Torpedo Works are working day and night putting together new torpedo-boats. '.; No civilians are allowed in .the streets after dusk and no
lights are allowed in the. houses. The prices of .foodstuffs are nominal. ,* "
ST. PETERSBURG,- March 12. — It is said that the lyddite shells used by the Japanese and which were bought in England failed to explode. The en
emy, during the latest attack on Port Arthur, threw 200 shells ¦-; without doing much 1 harm., v Thi s; feckless burning of powder by the" Japanese causes much satis
faction here, because this kind of tactics must seriously deplete the Japanese>arsenals. . . The Russian- forts did not use one-tenth part of the ammunition wasted by
the Japanese. The Russian gunners have explicit orders to sav*: all the ammunition possible and fire. only when. they seem to have a good chance to strike home.
Sometime ago a telegram from Admiral. Alexierf was published, which Had been suppressed, which stated that the Japanese ships suffered considerable losses during
the bombardment of Port Arthur. This'news is n6w confirmed by travelers arriving from' Nagasaki and Shanghai. It is affirmed ihat all'of the Japanese drydocks
are occupied by warships under repair. . . / ¦ ¦ • : . • .' ' '
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the New. York Herald Publishing Company.
Mikado 's Military Men Teh ¦ War Correspondents Thai First
Important OperattonsPf ''-ill 7 Occut Toward Ike End of A4 arch.
•PARIS, March J2i— It is asserted in a Tokio dispatch that yesterday's attack upon "Port Arthur was made to cover another
attempt by the Japanese to obstruct the entrance to the harbor by linking merchant steamships in the channel^ The Watchful
Admiral Makarof? at once detected the design of the Japanese and sent out a torpedo flotilla to destroy the merchantmen before
they could reach the harbor entrance. An engagement between the Russian torpedo-boats and those accompanying the stone
laden vessels followed and the merchantmen were withdrawn out of range. -
JAPANESE AGAIN ATTEMPT TO OBSTRUCT THE ENTRANCE TO PORT ARTHUR HARBOR.
JAPANESE ARTILLERY -SHELLING A RUSSIAN OUTPOST^tfURlXG THE ADYAXCE 'TOWARD THE FRONTIER -OF MANCHURIA.
¦ Major J«:hn \Y. Tmnpkins, Warden I
of San Quentin Prison, after a reign
of but six months, may be ousted from
his Dosition. The books of the prison
have been *?xterted, and the report has*
be«?n in the hards of Governor Pardee
for the last two weeks. Yesterday aft
ernoon the Prison Directors held a
.meeting at San Quentin to determine
what course to take in the light of the
report of the expert accountants, {
which is said to show some startling
«Iisfrep?.ncics in the funds of the
prison.
Whether the Warden has been short
in his accounts hap not ytt been given j
«»ut, but it is understood that the funds j
of the prison to which the V.'ardrn has> •
access ha\>* been misused. The experts
were placed at work on the books of
the prison at the instance of Governor
Pardee. uho had information that all
•*as not right. A month ago the ex.
pertiris flro of Knight &. McLaren of
539 California street was giv^n the task
of airing the accounts of the prison
bocki;. The matter wa.s kept a strict
sorrel, no one but the prison board and
tho Governor bting cognizant of the
fact. For two weeks the experts la
bored, arid for the !cst two weeks their
report has been in the har.ds of the
Governor and yesterday was presented
at the meeting cf the State Prison Di
rectors.
What action was taken on the re
port of the exporting company yester
day wns not piven out. as Governor
Pardee is desirous of keeping the find
ings secret until the prison board can
take action.
OBJECTS TO TOMPKJXS.
At the time of the appointment of
Tornpktar, on July IS of last year, Gov
c-rnor Pardee objected strongly to tht,
selection . of the Oakland politician.
Even to th«i day of the meeting of the
board the Coverror stood firm in re
fusing to give fcirs acquiescence to the
choice of the Directors. Pardee haa
rtaso.ns of his own, a.r:d weald not
make them nrb::e. AD that could bv
got from him in regard to his
strong 5te.nd aralr.st Tompkins wan
that ha did cot regard Major Tomp
klrs as the proper man to be placed
' in charge of the State's most im
portant domicile for convicted crim
inals. Governor Pardee said at the
• time that Tomukiris v.as inclined to
be autocratic, and for that reason
considered him unlit for the position.
In Just 'what sense the Governor con
strued the word "autocratic" is known
only to himyelL
San Quentin prison seems to be par
ticularly unfortunate with its War
dens. But a short time ago, during
the reifrn of Martin Aguirre. former
Governor Game's trusty ward, a scan
dal was revealed that startled the peo
. pie of ths State and ultimately resulted
in the dethroning of Aguirre. The
prisoners were compelled to make sam
ples of their handicraft- in the forma
of carved furniture, etc, for gra
tuitous distribution among the friends
.of Gage. A guirre's dealings were ex
posed, and the people of the State had
opportunity to learn where the moneys
appropriated to run the prison were
used to purchase supplies needed in
the manufacture of articles of house
hold furniture •which later adorned the ¦
homes of the friends of former Gov
ernor ffage.
GOVERNOR YIELDS.
Th.e fight for Warden at the time
that Afruirre was ousted was between
Detective Thomas Gibson and the Oak
land politician. Tompkins was the
choice of the majority of the board,
and was championed by such men as
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf and
Frank Leach, Superintendent of the
San Francisco Mint. So much pressure
was brought to bear on Pardee by the
friends of Tompkins that he withdrew
•with reluctance his objections to
TompUIns, and the latter succeeded
Martin Aguirre, the disgraced co
' worker of Governor Gage. ' •
Major John W. Tompkins took office
on September 1 of last year. He was,
prior to his appointment as Warden
The proposed attack of the mob on
the Jail appears to have been known
to a • number of citizens, but it was
understood that the intent was to treat
the criminal tir a coat of tar and feath
ers only, and there was general sur
prise this morning when it was ascer
tained that death had followed the ac
tion of the mob. The affair has caused
great excitement, both in the town and
the mines surrounding, and the action
of the Coroner's jury and other offi
cials is awaited with the greatest in
terest.
The dead negro was a stranger in
Mc-jave, having drifted here on a
freight train in the last two days. He
was a big. burly man. between 23 and
20 years of age, and nothing is known
of his antecedents.
Several shots were fired while the
lynching was in progress, but It is not
thought that these were intended far
the negro, but were rather the result
of bravado on the part of some of the
members of the mob. When it was
discovered that the negro was dead the
mob dispersed and so far there is no
definite information as tc* its personnel.
The officers have made no arrests and
all are now awaiting the result of the
Coroner's inquest, which Is now
being held. Coroner Mullins having
arrived here on information sent him
at Bakersfleld. things have quieted
down.
Evidently it was the intention of
the leaders of the mob to go no further
than to apply a coat of tar and feath
ers, and to that end there had been
provided a big pot of hot tar and a
number of feather pillows. This form
of punishment was meted out to the
negro; who continued to resist the ef
forts of his captors. • His resistance
evidently angered some of those in the
mob, with the result that in the mid3t
of the scuffle the negro was either shot
in the head or struck with some heavy
instrument.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MOJAVE, March 12.— Last night
at about 11 o'clock an unknown negro
was taken from the local Jail, and,
after beingr tarred and feathered, was
either shot tp death or killed by being
struck on the head with a heavy piece
of iron.
' The negro was arrested yesterday
afternoon for a serious crime and was
confined in the Mojave jail, prepara
tory to being brought to Bakerafield.
The facts concerning the crime be
came noised about the town in the
course of the evening and before the
officers could place the man aboard
the train a determined crowd had
gathered about the jail, which is an in
significant "Affair, and unguarded*, and
within a short time the prisoner was
in its hands.
Directors and Chief Executive Kesp
Details of Discoveries
Secret
Mystery Surronnds the Details of the
Tragic Death of Colored Man
Charged With Crime.
ern Town.
Wrath of Citizens Leads to
a Tragedy in a South-
GrOvernorTMnks That
Warden's Accounts
• Are' Incorrect
Scandal Again Invades t&e
.Walls ol San Quen- . ;
tin Prison.
Mob at Mojaye Kills
Prisoner After Tar
ring Him.
TOMPKINS'
BOOKS ARE
EXPERTED
LYNCHERS
TAKE LIFE
OF NEGRO
MAIN ARMY OF JAPANESE IN KOREA ADVANCES
FROM PING YANG TOWARD MANCHURIAN FRONTIER
Continued on Paje 22, Column 1.
rorecart mad* at San rran
ciico for tslxty aoura eaOlar
mlflnlffct, Xarch 13:
San. rrandsoo— Clondsr Bon
day; yrobafcly Blunrers; brisk
southeast winds.
A. O. ynftT)TTC.
District Forecaster.
THE WZ&TXCB.
Aloaar — "At tht Wlilt* Sots*
TaTenu" atatta»» To-IUy.
California. — "Tfc» Old xm
Stream."
Central — "Bip Van Wiakl«."
Matinee To-Day.
Colombia — "The Silver Slipper."
Cnnte« — Vaudeville. Matinee To-
Day.
riicHer's — "The Boonders.'*
Matinee To-Day.
Orpbeum — Vaudeville. Matlne*
To-Day.
Tivoll — "The Gypiy Baron."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORTYrEIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 18,. 1904— PAGES; 21 TO 34.
VOLUME XCY— NO. 104.
The San Francisco Call. The question was brought before the
State Board of Examiners at a recent
meeting, and to-day at the special ses
sion of the Prison Directors E. S. Mel
lick, secretary of the examiners, noti
fied the board that an appropriation of
$70,000 would be authorized to keep tHe
mill going until the bags could be sold.
The law requires that no bags shall
be sold outside of the State. Manv of
fers have been made by outsiders to
purchase bags, but to no avail. To-day,
however, owing to the present emer
gency. Warden Tompkins was author
ized to dispose of 50,000 bags at 5^
cents each. This number will be shipped
to Honolulu.
SAX RAFAEL. March 12.— The State
Board of Prison Directors met in ex
ecutive session to-day to consider the
depleted condition of the prison fund.
According to the report of the prison
officials the San Quentin Jute mill Is
short over $05,000. This deficit is the
result of .the large output of grain bags,
the poor crops and the consequent non
delivery of grain bags. The output of
the Jute mill is over 18,000 bags per day
Over 6,000,000 bags were made last year!
Of this number not half were taken
from the warehouse, although ordered
and 10 per cent deposit was paid there
on. There were 1.329.620 bags ordered,
and there is yet $59,222 25 due the State
for them. At the present time there
are 3,903,500 bags on hand and no money
to run the mill.
PRISON' FUNDS ARE LOW.
Jute Mill In Straits Ovring to Over
stock of Grain Bnjs.
When the new Oakland charter was
adopted there was a political upheaval
and a Citizens' party was formed.
Tompkins received the nomination for
City Treasurer from the new organiza
tion, but resigned in favor of the Re
publican candidate. Z. T. Gilpin.
of San Quentin, an active factor In
Oakland politics. He came to that city
twenty-five years ago from New York,
and gained his title in the service of
the State militia. In 18&6 he was elect
ed City Marsha! and Superintendent
of Streets «.n the Republican ticket,
and Ferved in those offices for several
terms.
Continued lYom I»a;je 21. Column 1.
SUB OUEHTIH SCANDAL,
Major Tompkins was the first Chief
of Police under the new charter, and
served one term, when he was elected
City Clerk, from which office he was
deposed about three years ago.
NEW YORK, March 12.— Robert
Gray, a painter, and his wife were
touffd In their apartments here to-day,
the vv^oman with her skull crushed in
and her husband in the bathroom, hav
ing apparently committed suicide by
gas asphyxiation. The case Is supposed
to be one of murder and suicide.
the Life of Ills Wife.
Police Believe the Husband Commit- j
ted Suicide After Ilaring Taken
MARRIED COUPLE FOUND , j
DEAD IX THEIR ROOMS
"So you see again* . the fruit of
Perry's introduction of Western civili
zation. To-day this Influence . perme
ates .every class of society in the em
pire. Then, again, the Americans were
the first to send their missionaries -to
Japan, where they were given a warm
welcome and every possible freedom.
which resulted in the .constitutional
enactment granting freedom of con
science and religion to all subjects of
the Mikado.'
"Other reasons that may be cited
in support of my contention that
American sympathy In . the present
trouble 4 should be bestowed* upon our
people are these: facts: Baron Ko
mura, Minister of Foreign Affairs.
who has been handling the Russian-
PATRIOTISM OF JAPANESE.
"If the American people will only
look back into our history a few years
they will readily find the origin of
many influences. The educational de
partment of Japan was established by
an American. Dr. Murray; the Post
office Department was organized by
an American named Bryant; an
American established our -telegraph
service and an American named Craw
ford was the adviser of our Govern
ment in reorganizing the province-of
Hokkaido, which lies adjacent to the
Siberian boundary. In fact, in every
department of our Government there
are Americans. Large numbers' of
them are in our schools and colleges.
We, have sent many young men and
women — mere boys and girls, In fact —
to this country, where they have been
educated in your principal Institu
tions of learning, and returned to
Japan to accept responsible positions
in the Government offices.
"And why.- 1 will ask-vyou again,
should not this feeling exist? With
out Perry. Japan would not have re
ceived the blessedness of Western
civilization. With that aid we have
been able to follow you' in advancing
our nation to a position among the
powers. America is an example that
is ever before the Japanese eye. All
Ministers coming to this country have
received their instructions regarding
the relations between the .United
States and Japan, which, duriner ..the
last fifty years, have changed only _for
the better. The fruit of our civiliza
tion was reached with the influence of
America. Our power. with other na
tions is a gift from America and with
that power we are now fighting
Russia.
GIFT FROM UNCLE SAM.
"When one carefully glances at the
map of the Far East, surveys the vast
possessions of Russia and then directs
his attention to those apparently in
significant islands off the Asiatic coast,
he naturally wonders at the temerity
of the Japanese empire and probably
seriously weighs «the responsibilities
that she has assumed, without credit
ing her with the strengthening influ
ences that are the foundation of her
present stand against the Czar and his
mighty domain. These influences are
nothing more than the beneficial re
sults of her progress under the West
ern civilization imparted to her with
the advent of Commodore Perry.
"I have been deeply Impressed by
the turn of American opinion regard-
Ing Japan sincS'the 'present war began.
Prior to the outbreak of hostilities we
heard much In our country about the
ill-feeling entertained In yoirt- Western
country against, our people In conse
quence of Japanese immigration. On
my previous trips to the United States
I .found this feeling very strong and
frequently our Minister In Washintgon
has reported to the Foreign Office' that
the Japanese immigration In the 'West
was becoming almost too large for one
man to contend with. Suddenly Japan
severed her relations with Russia and
war was declared and then came the
news that the Americans were deeply
in sympathy with us. The very peo
ple who were decrying us a few
months ago have now shown us their
sincere friendship. And why? Be
cause they have readily realized that
we are practically the 'under dog' in
.what promises to be a terrible strug
gle. This trait Is one of the sweetest
In American manhood and one that
the Japanese fully appreciate. ¦
To Western civilization, Inculcated
into the minds 'of the Japanese since
the memorable landing of. Commodore
Perry on the shores of the empire,
Baron Kaneka, now at the Palace
Hotel, attributes the remarkable ad
vancement of his nation as a power in
the Far East.
"To your Perry," said the distin
guished Japanese diplomat yesterday,
"wo owe a debt of gratitude that can
never be repaid unless by acts that will
show to the world, and particularly the
United States, that we, the Japanese
people as a whole, have fully merited
all the benefits that Commodore Perry's
expedition to the Orient gave us, and
that we have not only appreciated
them, -but -have materially profited by
them. It Is Just fifty years ago that he
touched at Japan, and in those fifty
years our nation has undergone a most
wonderful transformation. It was he
that . sowed the first seed of Western
civilization In our land, and from that
seed has developed, with the aid of con
stant energy and ambition, a nation
which is to-day doing what England,
France, Turkey and other great pow
ers long hesitated over— making a de
fiant stand against, the Russian empire.
These facts I mention" simply In clear
ing away any doubt as to whether Ja
pan In Its hour "of trouble fully merits
the sympathy of all civilized nations,
and none more so than the United
States. We are not fighting simply for
the cake of war, but for the protection
of bur country's integrity and the
homes of our people — in other words,
fighting Is our last recourse. It is the
culmination of failures to obtain satis
factory settlements by peaceful means
of existing differences, dating back to
last year, when Russia made and later
violated her- promise to withdraw frdm
Manchuria and hurriedly strengthened
her position In the territory which she
had unwarrantably Invaded.
AMERICAN FEELING CHANGES.
"We do not know just how the
war will end, but so long as it lasts
the world will find Japan striving
within the bounds of international law
and humanity. The world, by the
way, has not yet stopped to consider
what the outcome of this war may
mean. We believe that we, are fight-
Ing for the peace of Asia, and, conse-
GOVEKNED BY HUMANITY.
"If we should fail in this war I am
afraid the faith of our people In Amer
ica would cease. We are a unit In the
opinion that, we are right In this strug
gle. From the highest in the land, the
Emperor, to the lowliest of his subjects,
the poor coolie, from the aged to the
child, there is but one trend of feeling,
and that is that right is "on our side,
that" we must fight on and on until jus
tice is done us. We are fighting for
principle and are governing ourselves
by international law. We have resorted
to no barbarian methods of warfare,
and none will be permitted. There have
been from time to time stories pub
lished of alleged barbarities practiced
by our military forces, but none of
them have ever been confirmed, and I
am satisfied that they are untrue. Rus
sia's methods of warfare, notwithstand
ing her boasted claims, were exempli
fied several days ago, when, after a
Japanese major and a squad of soldiers
had fallen into the hands of her troops,
they were marched through the streets
of Mukden for the edification of a lot
of Russians and Chinese and deeply
humiliated. Where was the humanity
that Russia had been boasting of? Was
that Christianity? Was it a principle ot
the Greek orthodox church, or was it a
relic of barbarism? Now contrast the
treatment accorded the Russian sailors
by the Japanese when the former were
rescued from the sinking ships after
the bombardment off Chemulpo. Our
navy men, after enforcing the custom
aryoathifrom the prisoners: that they
would not return to the fighting lines
for service, escorted them to the near
est shore, where they were released
without molestation. - J
Japanese questions In such a delicate
manner, Is a graduate of Harvard
College, and Minister Kurino at St.
Petersburg also is a graduate of the
same institution. Going a little far
ther down the llr\e of notable charac
ters on our side of the war, we dis
cover another graduate of one of your
foremost colleges In the person of the
commander of the Japanese fleet oft
Port Arthur, under whose direction
the first gun of the hostilities was
flr6d.\ Men with the learning of those
that I have Just mentioned are not
likely to make many mistakes in the
management of the war.
. ' "In every way Japan has followed
American Ideas and methods and we
are as near the type of American as
could be expected of an Oriental race.
To be sure, our color is yellow and
our stature unlike that of the Ameri
cans, but our minds and hearts are
Just the same. While studying in
your colleges the men who are now
handling many of the Important' de
tails of this war read of Bunker Hill
and they have seen Valiey Forge,
whore the Immortal Washington and
his soldiers, poorly clad and fed In
midwinter, defended their homes with
their bayonets. The same feeling
that buoyed the hopes of those gallant
soldiers exists" with, the Japanese to
day.
WHAT FAILURE MEANS.
"A strange feature of this war Is
the peaceful conditions existing in the '
cities and towns of Japan. While |
great armies are mobilizing at various i
joints and our navies are keeping our j
ports busy, the Japanese merchant and j
the artisan are performing their daily j
duties in their customary manner, as j
If the country were at peace with the j
whole world. Our Government has
not permitted its war preparations to
Interfere in any way with Its commer
cial industries, and while the* entire ;
country's future is at stake the chil- ,
dren are pursuing their studies in the I
schools as usual and the colleges are j
preparing young men for positions of {
responsibility. While our forces are •
battling with our great enemy on one j
side of the Pacific Ocean our commis
sioners are quietly engaged on this side
preparing for the St. Louis Exposition,
the biggest showing Japan has ever
made to the outside world of its com
mercial enterprises."
Baron Kaneka leaves for the East
to-day. He goes first to Chicago,
where he will be joined by the Jap
anese commissioner to the St. Louis
Exposition, with whom he will have ft
long conference, arid he will then pro
ceed on to New York.
PEACE IN THF. E3IPIRE.
quently. the peace of the world. It Is
a test of civilization. In so far
as £ we are concerned, -. for If
we should fall ' our people,
as I have already said, may lose faith
In Western civilization, and neces
earlly, in America. A defeat may also
change the views of other less civilized
peoples of the Orient, who would ac
cept our downfall as evidence of the
failure of the very methods which we
have been following for fifty years and
would refuse to encourage the further
progress of civilization in their own
countries.
"The hue and cry that has bften
raised In several a uarters concerning
the so-called 'yellow peril' seems to
me as ridiculous as a statement I read
in one of your papers the other day,
and which, I believe, was accredited
to one of your statesmen, to the ef
fect that Japan eventually meant to
gobble up Korea, and then take the
Philippines. You may rest assured
that if Japan defeats Itussfcx she will
make no attempt to acquire any ad
ditional Islands, for she has all she
can do to control those she now pos
sesses and she never has given a
thought to the possibility of some day
owning the Philippines. As for any
'yellow peril" — that is. a combination
with China, with the ultimate view of
extending her power across the Pa
cific — I will eay that we, as a nation,
are rapidly progressing toward Chris
tianity and any alliance with China of
the character that has been suggested
would never meet with the a'pproval of
the Japanese people.
Baron Kaneka Says the Island Empire Is Patterning After Our
Ideals in Its Strides Toward Civilization.
GIVES AMERICA ALL OF THE CREDIT
FOR THE RAPID PROGRESS OF JAPAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, MARCHM3, 1904.
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eruptions
The only way to get* rid
of pimples and other erup-
tions is to cleanse the blood,
improve the digestion, stim-
ulate the kidneys, liver and
skin. The medicine to take is
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Which has cured thousands.
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
, t- ¦- -¦ - ~ | -¦ ¦'¦'¦ ¦- ¦¦ '-'-'"^ ¦ -
Y^O Perfect Fitting (t,^ *
<y Eyeglasses &
j At Moderate Cost (\
W 642 41ARKE.TST
S\A/E/\K yV\EIN
DR. HALL'S RE1N"V'1GORATOH
•top* all losses and unnatural dis-
charges in 2t hours. You feel aa
Improvement from the first dose.
We have so much confl<2enc« In our
treatment that we offer Fiv« Hun-
dred reward for any case w« can-
not cure. This secret remedy cures
lost power, nightly emUslons. wasted organs,
varicocele, g!<et, etrtctures, kidneys, fatlin*
memory, drains In the urine, sonorrhoea. dis-
taie of the prostate glands and all other terri-
ble effe-cts of s.-lf-abus* or IWIUIII. which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worst case* In old or younsr of that morti-
fying condition, quickness of thj discharge, and
wanting to do, and you can't. S«nt sealed. %i
per belt!*, three bottles, $3. Guaranteed to
cure any case.
Call ur address orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. SM Broadway. Oakland, CaL
Alco for sale at 1073 Vt Market st., S. F. Send
for free book. •
T>DTTCTJ1?C FOR BARBERS. BA-
lin U O II Ci O kfr? - bootblack., bath-
UilUUUUU house*. bHllard table*,
brewers bookbinders, candy makers, cannon.
Sy'rs^riouTmilU. iou^r^ *™£**i£%£
hanrers. printers, painters, shoe .actories.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanner*. -Ho.rs. etc
BUCK A WAN aW'i.
Brush M»naf svetarerw. 609 g»cnurrtBto St.
Schools and Colleges.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
¦WEST. 24 Po«t «., Ean Francisco, CaU
Established 40 years. Ooen entire year.
Wtlf for Illgstrated catalocu* ffre+>.
Maro Island >nd Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GE.V. FRI3BIB or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. tn., 3:13 and 8:30 p. ra.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 0:43 a. m.. 3:30 p. m. Leave Valtejo
7 a. ra.. 12:50 and 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sui.-
day. 7 a. ra.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 80 cents. T«rl.
Main 1508. P|er 2. MIssion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers tear* Broadway
wharves. Piers » and 11
San Francisco.
ju£ u . K '£& 23X5:
B. Charge to company's
¦ teamersj at Seattle.
_ _ For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett B«U
Ungham— 11 ». m.. Mar. 1, «. H, l«, 21. 2S 31
Apr. B. Chans;» at Seattle to this company's
tit irain for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. H. Ry.; at Vancouver to C.
For Euraka (Humboldt Bay)— Pamon.%. 1-M
For Los Anreles <via Port Los Ankel'es aa4
Redondc), San DJepo and Santa Barbara— Saa-
ta Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. tn.
State of California. Thursdays 9 a. m
€> Fo LJ^\ Anxele* (Tla San Pedro and Eatt
Sa^ Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cms. Man-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfort tSua
L-uls Obi.«po). Ventura and Huenema.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Mar. S 16 24 Anr 1
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Mar. 12. 20 29 xi' T a
For Ensonada. Ma K daJ«na Bay. San Jo^ del
C»bo. Ma:«tlan. Altata, La Pai. Santa Ro-
salia. Ouaymat (Mex.). 10 a. m. 7ta each
month. For rurther Information obtain folder
?a?o reaerved to «"*«« •teamers or salUni
TICDT OmCBS — t New Slontjrom.
.ry st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market at and I&»3.
way wb.rves. Fr«]«ht office. ID Market st
C D. DUNANN. General Paa.eniVr Ast£'
10 Market st.. San Francis^ *
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutler st will
cal for irtrtirt ba«ake from hotels In"
residences. Telephone Exehanrt 312.
•
O. R. <& AT. CO,
13. 23. Arrll 2. 12. 22. May 2 and li M 5 n ,5
steamship Itn- to PORTLAND OR, ami miSiZ
rail Una from Portland to all po'lnt" E.T'
Through tlckats to alt points Steams
tleketa i Include berth and meal^ "*•««« Zil
$%$!£%«¦ £i&i Mon^^J"'
M^nS R ery st^"' %
OlWCTUMioTAHir.
S S. MAR1PO3A. for Tahiti. Mch 18 n .
?• f N P^ IA - tOT Honolulu . 8a^" A 5£:
land and Sydney. Thur.. March 24 » n _
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Apr \ ii^m
COXPaSSIB OIJfiaALI TJUW3ATX,AHTlQtIE:
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE.p\Ria
Salllns every Thursday Inatead of
Saturday, at 10 a. ni.. from Wer « 4wS?5
North River, foot of Morton st.
Ftrtt class to Havre. $70 atS( j nawarr . q^.
ond class to Harre. $45 aiS uS flrt
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES A *<&
CANADA. S2 Broadway (Hudson htn.iirC.i
N.w Yorj. J. F. FUOAZI L Ca!°Pacmi^CoL'i
Aptnts. » Montjornery »v«nu«. San FraneiiSL
Ticket, lold by ail Rallrcad TlckK-AK?nt.
Weekly Call $1.00 uer Year
DR. 1 JIJIER'S SWAMP-ROOT. ' ' _ _.
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY
TROUBLE AND PORT KNOW IT
¦ \ J li illlHi ii«ap-r^
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU. Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other dlscaso— therefore, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble Is permitted to continuo,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking. Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
S6 6oon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment in the urine.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
biadder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
stands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble,
cures of the most distressing cases, skin eruptions from bad blood. neural-
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- gia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloating, ir-
tem rij'ht, and the best prtoof of this ritability, worn-out feelinjr. lack of am-
is a trial. J bitipn, loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
53 cottage ST.. melrofe. mapp. ot Bright's disease.
•^; r S^ce I ™ ,„ lh , S3 V 'l^ore ? V™. whw allowed to f
cr i<*« kidney trouble, and within the past main undisturbed in a class or bottle for
n^ff^T^^U 1^, ***'"!, * nd con1 P' lca , to<1 l |J al ! twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
I ruffereii everything and was much alarmed — I .... J , . . -.
my streiijrth and powtr waa Taal leavtne me. Settling or has a ClOUdy appearance, Jt
3 «w an ndv«>riis».m«.nt of swamD-Root and is fvidencc that your kidneys and
SS^SwSSf/S "otVj'a <L^1^^enl bladder need immediate attention,
erter taWine S»a:np-Root only a *hort time. Swamp-Root IS the tjre.1t discovery of
uitT^Su^^^&^to^ Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and
to be very -ure about this, i had a doctor ex- bladder specialist Hospitals use it
Z5£Z^JfJ&ZT*Z3&£i£JgZ with wonderful success in both slieht
I knew that your Swamp-Hoot Is purely v«. e l an Q SCVCrC CBSCS. Doctors recommend
T£« TS«ni-1.^*von 0t f cont " ln "">' harmful it to their patients and use it in thdr
crv *"- i oanKSnc >ou rr>r mv complete rei*iv. r •¦• • «t
ery and recommendlne Swamp-Root Jo all suf. OWT1 . families, because they TeCORniZe
fereri. i am.- -Aery truly rom. j n Swamp-Root the greatest and most
v L c RJCHardsox. successful remedy.
\ou may nave a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, is for sale at drug stores the world
sent iree by ina:l. post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
you may test Us virtues for such dis- prices-fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name. Swamp-Root, Dr.
diseases, poor d: ? estion, being obliged Kilmers Swamp-Root, and the ad-
to pass your water irequcntiv night and dre$s Binghamton. N. Y.. on every
day. smarting or irritation in passintr. 1 bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly
rcriiig even the most distressing cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
anrf \ rW- n( TV'* V° nder . faI mcritS y0U may havc a sai "P le b °«lc
and a boo* of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The
boo* contains nuny of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
SSlS ¦ m m « n , an d women cured. The value and success of
Z^SffEZS IS t° wcll J kno^n that o..- readers are advised to send for a
sample bottle. In sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bineham-
rSc J r l u%\° " V V " u rcad this K«""ous offer in the San Fran-
ci'co Sunday Call. The proprietor ot this paper guarantees the genuineness -
ADVERTISEMENTS. -..¦---,-
TO ALL AND SINGULAR
The Men of San Francisco
'PPRI'NG is upon us! When
£1?. Nature puts on her brightest
apparel it behooves mankind to
iollow suit. : : : : : :
Our buyers have gathered many
novel and distinctive styles — forecasts
of the season's popular fancies — and
they're all here for your accommo-
dation. : |:g ::::::
\ T 7l_ * 1 111
While our patterns are ail abso-
lutely new, we wish especially to
commend to your notice a new line
of goods we have taken on this
season. ::::::::
We invite special attention to
their most excellent
TAILORING
which can only be compared to the
very best grade ot custom work.
This is no fanciful boast— a few
moments of your time will convince
you of that when you see
¦
The Close-Fitting Collar
The Long, Narrow Lapels
The Broad, Concave Shoulders
The Well-Modeled Back
The Straight, Smooth Front
that hangs without either fold or wrinkle
RQQ5 BROS.
N c. A l\ l> 1 n 1 r KJ o 1
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
6md m« ih» book checked above
To Dr. Shcop Box «C>0. Racine. Win ffifepSEJ^r fi3
That Is all. Send no money. Simply sign above. Tell m« the book you
need. I will arrange' with a drugrg1st;near you' for six bottles of
Dr . Snoop's Res t o r a t i v e
Take it a month at my risk. If it succeeds the co#t to you is $5.60. If It
fails the druggist will bill the cost to me. And I leave the decision to you.
Dor'i Wait Until -You Are Worse ; i Aftef »Imo«f » litrtimc ot Ubof-«i »tndy itbedtidei
hive betn prfventfd H«r moihet wil« me ,|, t ner w M -the inside. nervM-iHut operait ih«< of.
raoyeirtafomr lilllr rirl»a» .irk con- ran> «nd rtvr thfm po.e. jnd »rrtn r tS -id twilth
• inuoutly Inr tu fnnnlht ' w t mea minir doc» That discovery I, *• «ho«n mr tli# «iv 10 rmr
ol you* rrmrdy to cure her. *ni she ha» remain- ¦ . . . ' 1 :-•
fd cured Vw cur. tell other* ol ihu cure if you « • • «no«»-the rerotd* I never e»n Inrtet the »t««1v i»
»ode»ire Mrs C H Avery. Rorlcd»le N . V." • Jhe reseirch.lhe ln»N «r>d »eif^*h»t perfected a I
Ti» * pity «h* did nol fint writ* m«. below ib* cast !??*' *» lc . h «> •uieiion ye-ir »h r . ye»' in case* diftcuil
• as dancerout" -v- ' discourartng limr jlin jtm» I hjvr .«cen il bong
The wife ol Oner Anflrut o» Barot. Chtcot. La. had 5««» he »" h . 10 « h »»e POO' o..t» *hom hopr had almosi
beermek lor >s yeirt Vbt t vetn could do practically deserted I know what ti .ill do
no work . He writes ¦ "> »nly problem is to ronvtiwe you
"When she nrsi started ukinf the Restore- - And so I make my ofler And the bare (act Hut I
nve she barely weighed oo pounds now she ' make such an offer ought of it-ell 10 convince vou that
weiCh* iu ; and is able easily >o do all he« I know how to cure Pleas* read li afain It cnean»
house»-«rW> ...» exactly whal I s.iy No catcb— no misleadinf phra**» ;
lwenty ''dark" years mifht have been "bnthr"one>. - in it Simply thi<— you take ine medicine and • will ;
J C nUlingsley olThomXsville. r>a., for three years . uke the risk,
has been cnpoled «ith diseate • No* he U well rl< • And you— nol I— decide it you are to pay
writes: ' , . ¦ All V M«_J T FV-
,-_• ¦ "! sp»ni tiwon lor oifief medicines, and Ihf "•• TOK^etO.IOW.
Ij.oo I have spent with vou have done me mort . . Simply sirn the above— that is all Ask lor the book
rood than all the rest ¦:, •¦ you need The offer I make is broad-is lifceml The
Hoth money and mffennnntjrhl have been »ved- way is easy— u simple. The Restorative i< cerum >.
¦ And Uiesf are only three Irom over 6s.ooo aim<r» g u t do not misunderstand mi ,
dVy"om7 '""r* 10 "" 1 °' lhem -* Omf eve " Thi5i,noUree treatment, with nothint to pa, Such
.. . .;.'""' « ' . an offer would be misleading— would brfittle the physi-
Mow much serious illness the Restorative has pre : . cian who make a Bui I believe in a tick one's honesty
vented. I have no means ot knowinc. for- the slijrhtlyil —his era titude Thai when he is cured, he wJI pay
•nd the indixtiosed simply f ei a bottle or two of then • the cost ol the treatment— and c ladly 1
you- ' . ' ™»^ ' "»• •"« - '"»' « ho " *** «««- <*«"*• "*
who »sked lot mv cuarantee. W out of each 4 o have paid. learn al m» nsk . «,
Paid because they pot »ell - ... . > - Tell of It. please, to a fnefto who i* sick Or send
If 1 ran succeed in rase* like' these— fail bat on* time " me hts name That's but a trifle to ask— a minute's
m 4», in diseases deep-seated and chronic— i$n'» il cer. " time— a po«tal He la your Iriend Vou can help him
• in I can aUjyvcure iSe \lijhtly ill' - . My way may be his oaiy way to gel well
¦ x - \1/L TL d ¦•¦'¦• c ¦ ' - - *.» swanter. ofler to do all this Won't you. hi*
i . - v T h T ' he Ketforative blMXteat , fritnd. his neijhbor. simply write'
v <>» way oil and mb. adjust and repair a «-eakenrine. :" He will learn from ray book a way to r*« well Ptr
It will never be stronger nor do its work betfer. without naps, as I say. the onlj war to jet well for him. His
(team, • More power— more ueam is necessary case may be »eriout— hopeless almost. Others physi- ,
And w> with the »iul orfan* Doctor. them at you.' .: etins— olhera spe,cufi»ts may havj failed The matie
•111." i nai s mere 'epainnr Permantnt cures never' is urf enl, then !
o'tUVs '. T"" 1 t ?" iD * lb * "'"!* Owl ot * ntt • VVUte me a postal or sift. aoov< tosby. .
v.A»dihat my Restorative does. AJdree* Dr.' Shopp, Box 6830. Racine. Wli.
G1IEEXBERG & GREENBERC.
6REEHBERG &GREEH8ERG
SEASON
I 9O4
NEW BUTTONS
N : — -N
g A MORE RARE AND J]
MORE BEAUTIFUL
ASSORTMENT OP
T T
1 STYLES AND PAT- %
TERNS IN NEW A
LACES', NEW
TRIMMINGS AND
*~ NEW BUTTONS °
A. WERE NEVER DE- *
~j SIGNED IN ANJ *
PREVIOUS SEASON *
GREENBERG &6REENBER6
31, 33, 35 AID 37 GRANT ATE.
COB. GEART ST.foreign influence and the more or less
respectful intercourse between the Chi
nese Government and the powers.
War Xews Continued on Page 24.
Dollie — Yes, I gave mine notice this
morning, she has got so stupid lately,
she won't play with me or make herself
pleasant.— Dublin News.
The following conversation was heard
the other day between a mother and
her little girl agred 6^6 years:
Mother — Halloa! Dollie, where are
you going?
Dollie (dressed in hat and cloak)— I
won't be long. I am only Just going
down street to the registry offleo
to look for a new nurse.
Mother— A new nurse?
The Up-to*Date Child.
,\Vhile the outlook is rather tranquil,
the ] State Department is preparing it
self for - extremely ; serioua complica
tions in the event of -the death of the
Empress Dowager of China. The Man
chu dynasty, which she represents
and of which. she is the most powerful
influence, has «been on the throne cf
China almost a dozen years longer, than
any other dynasty in the history, of
that empire, ; where " everything is gov
erned, by. precedent. Her. death will be
the signal not onjy . for a mighty strug
gle, for supremacy between other noble
Chinese f .#nille's," but \ it -may bring an
end to the recognition of the rights of
WASHINGTON, March 12.—Instruc
tions have- been sent from the Navy
Department to Rear Admiral Evans,
commanding the Asiatic fleet, to use
his discretion as to longer keeping the
United States gunboat Helena at New
chwang. It is understood the river is
now open and that the Helena will
be able - to gain the open sea, should
her commander so desire. The reported
intention of the Russians to sink a
junk at Newchwang in such a manner
as would not only prevent the entrance
of the Japanese,, but the egress of the
neutral men of war now there, gave
this Government an idea of the com
plications that might easily arise if the
Helena stayed.
Now that the river Is open the Amer
ican warships may - be able to go up
to Newchwang at any time, unless the
channel is blocked. At any rate, while
a state of war exists in Manchuria
American citizens will be expected to
move with more caution than during
the times of peace. This Government
is forced to recognize the fact that com
merce is practically at • a standstill
there.
GUNBOAT HELENA'S
MOVEMENTS TO BE
DECIDED BY EVANS
for instance, would be such a thing as
the admiral would undertake. He . be
gan his career with several gallant ex
ploits during the Turko-Russian war
while commanding a steamship which
he had rigged up as a torpedo-boat and
which played havoc with the Sultan's
flotilla in the Black Sea and the Dan
ube.
Prince Asrsene Karageorgevitch,
brother of the King of. Servla, Is leav
ing to-day for the Far East.
-The ladies' club at Vladivostok has
undertaken to make -thousands of sand
bags for fortification purposes.
JAPANESE COULD
HAVE DESTROYED
FOE'S ENTIRE FLEET
BERLIN, March 12. — A' letter from
a- German resident of Port Arthur,
dated February. 15, .was published to
day. The writer describes the.bound
less embitterment of all classes against
the -Japanese the day • after the* first
night attack, and . explains that the
Russians "were "exercising that even
ing and' the Japanese torpedo-floats
were taken^for Russians.". Continuing
the -letter says:
.'The Russian officers shared the
feeling : of indignation here, two-thirds
of the former having obtained shore
leave, some of them calling upon
Mme: Stark,, wife of Admiral Stark,
to congratulate her, according to the
Russian custom, op* the .anniversary of
her. name day, while others • were at
the v theater, at their homes or visiting
comrades. The officers found by the
police sent in search of them reached
their ships Vonlx after the Japanese
had withdrawn."
, The; writer of ,the letter declared
that the Japanese would I have destroy
ed th*e whole squadron if they had at
tacked that evening .with>their entire
force, ': and the Russians had . not even
distributed- ammunition to their bat
teries, j ..
",t The' explosion of shells in the at-.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 12. —
General Kuropatkin, accompanied by
his entire staff, left here at 6 o'clock
this evening on a special train for the
Far East, where he will take com
mand of the Manchurian army.
The departure of the general was
marked by demonstrations of patriot
ism and personal regard such as sel
dom have been witnessed in the Rus
sian capital. Thousands of persons
who lined the Nevsky Prospect and
the approaches to the Nicholas rail
road station vied with the highest per
sonages in the empire, including the
principal military authorities, mem
bers of the Imperial Council, foreign
military attaches, membefs of the
French embassy and persons promi
nent in society, who had assembled in
side the station, in giving: vent to ex
pressions of conlidence In the new
commander who is to lead the Em
peror's army to victory.
Just a3 the general arrived at the
station Grand Duke Nicolai evitch and
the Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-
Strelitz drove up and alighted.
Modestly the general drove to the*
statfon in an open carriage. He was
dressed in the fatigue uniform of his
rank. The short, imposing figure of
Russia's greatest general was in
stantly recognized by the populace and
his passage down the broad boulevard
was followed by a storm of cheers,
which grew Ioftder as the crowd grew
denser near tl. station.
HATS THROWN- ALOFT.
Here the enthusiasm broke* out in
mighty shouts, and, in spite of the
cold, the air was filled with hats
thrown aloft by the frenzied people.
The imperial waiting-rooms inside
the station were crowded with celebri
ties and the staircase leading from the
courtyard was lined by a seething mass
of picturesque uniforms of Cossack
officers, bestarred generals r and dis
tinguished naval men.
As Kuropatkin reached the head of
the stairs General. Eggresstoff, white
haired and trembling .with emotion,
began to speak. Inside and out there
was an Instant hush. ; ,v : '
"I have come to bid you godspeed,"
said General Eggresstoff. "We all
wish you a safe journey and with
God's blessing we shall come here to
greet your victorious return. Take
this small image of -Alexis, your pa
tron saint, and wear it around your
neck, and may the Almighty hold you
in. his keeping." '
General Kuropatkin knelt rever
ently and accepted the talisman. Then
he spoke in response. His few heart
felt words of thanks were uttered in
so low a tone that they were hardly
heard ten feet away. Thunderous
cheers burst forth when the two war
riors clasped each other in a.str6ng
embrace.
General Kuropatkin then stepped
forward. His strong personality was
strikingly illustrated in the way he
moved 1 through the rooms. The Czar's
aids de camp, in their handsome uni
forms, helped to clear a space in front
of the little man, whose grizzled beard
and piercing eyes suggested a re
semblance to Grant.
KINDLY GREETING FOR ALL.
The general was entirely self-pos
sessed amid • the surrounding _ excite
ment and he* walked 1 easily and un
affectedly, greeting all present, em
bracing and kissing old comrades and
shaking hands with officers. He '¦ did
not forget the naval ' and military
attaches, and had a kind word for
every member of v the group/repre
senting almost all ) the great armies
and navies of the world. '.French,
German, British, Italian and Austrian
attaches were atttired in a picturesque
tack the following: day smashed the
windows in the exposed parts of the
city and occasioned much alarm. The
majority of the inhabitants passed the
ensuing night in the open air.
Prices arose feverishly, bread be
came unattainable and cabmen de
manded $3 for a 15-cent ride.
Ruble notes, which hitherto have
been worth 10 per cent more than
Mexican dollars, were, at the time the
letter was sent, at par with them.
Continued I from Page '21, Column 6.
Important Land Operations Will Occur Late in March
CHEFU. March 12.— The British
collier Foxton Hall, which had' been
detained^at Port Arthur since the first
attack made by the Japanese, has just
arrived here. She reports that Jap
aneese warships coming from Talien
wan made another attack on. Port Ar
thur at midnight on the 9th inst. dur
ing a rainstorm. The shore batteries
did not return the tire, but the armor
ed cruiser Novik steamed outside the
harbor, firing at the enemy. The Novik
finally retired, slightly damaged. The
numerous shells which exploded in the
harbor and town did no injury! except
wrecking a house and killing a few
Chinese servants. After an hour and
# half of bombardment the Japanese
fleet withdrew. •
Slight Damage to the Xovlk.
Earlier In the day a deputation of
the handicraft guilds presented to
General Kuropatkin a gold and dia
mond mounted sword.
Several ladies who. were present
could not refrain from kissing the
hero of the" hour, an attention which
he gallantly reciprocated.
The general's wife, with his sons,
will accompany him as far as Moscow.
The Korean Minister to Russia, who
was present, was just as enthusiastic
as any Russian and seemed to regard
General Kuropatkin as the.savior~of
his country. ?¦ -He pushed and struggled
hard to get near enough to shake the
general's hand and wish him every
success. ,
variety of uniforms. Lieutenant
Commander Roy Campbell Smith, the
naval attache to the American em
bassy, wore the simple uniform of the
United States.
Populace of St. Petersburg Goes Wild
With Enthusiasm. •
Feb. 14 — China orders regular troops to. guard the frontier. Japanese cruisers capture six Norwegian colliers en route to
Russian ports.
Feb. 16 — Japanese torpedo-boats attempt to enter the harbor at Port Arthur, but are driven back. One is disabled and
afterward found abandoned on the shore.
Feb. 18 — Russian soldiers cross the Yalu and seize Wiju; on the Korean side.
Feb. 24— An attempt by the Japanese to "bottle up" the Russian fleet at Port Arthur by. sinking merchantmen in the
channel fails, four stone-laden vessels being sunk by the Russian ships before reaching the harbor entrance. Japan establishes a
protectorate over ivorea. .
Feb. 25 — Port Arthur bombarded by the Japanese fleet. Only minor damage is done on either side. ...
Feb. 26— Port Arthur bombarded for forty minutes. Some damage is done to the forts.
March 6— A Japanese division appears off Vladivostok and bombards the town, the shore batteries making no reply.
March 7 — Dalny and Port Arthur are shelled, the Japanese inflicting considerable damage upon the latter place.
March 10 — One Japanese and one Russian torpedo-boat are sunk in a battle off the entrance to Port Arthur harbor.
Afterward there is a brief bombardment of the city and the forts by the Japanese fleet.
Russia's losses to date — Cruiser Variag and gunboat Koreitz, sunk at Chemulpo: torpedo-boat Yenesei, accidentally sunk at
Port Arthur; cruiser Boyarin, accidentally sunk at Port Arthur; battleships Retvizan and Cesarevitch and cruiser Pallada, dis
abled at Port Arthur (since repaired) ; one torpedo-boat sunk and another damaged and run ashore at Port Arthur, the latter be
ing afterward floated. Known casualties — Killed, 413 men (including the crews of the Yenesei and the Boyarin); wounded, 263;
captured and paroled, 422. • \
Japan's losses to date — So successful has been the operation of the Japanese censorship that these cannot be accurately given.
It is known that since the fighting at Port Arthur began three Japanese warships have been towed to Sasebo for repairs. Reports
have come from many sources that a disabled Japanese cruiser and a transport have been seen stranded on the west coast of Ko
rea. A Japanese torpedo-boat is ashore near Port Arthur. In the latest Port Arthur battle a Japanese torpedo-boat was sunk. A
Japanese official report admitted the loss of 4 killed and 54 wounded in the first attack upon Port Arthur,, but no further figures
have been given out, although a week ago a hospital ship landed 71 wounded men at Nagasaki.
The fighting on land thus far, eliminating the mass of unconfirmed. reports of engagements, has been confined to affairs of
outposts and scouting parties, and the losses have been inconsequential.
Feb. ii — Japan formally declares war. President Roosevelt issues a neutrality proclamation. The Russian torpedo-boat
Yenesei is sunk in the harbor of Port Arthur by accidental contact with a .mine. Russia's Vladivostok squadron appears in Jap
anese waters, capturing three prizes and sinking the merchantman Nakamura Maru. » r -l? r -; •
Feb. 12 — The Siberian reserves, numbering 300,000 men, are summoned to the colors. Russia and France accept the principle
of Secretary Hay's note, to which the other great powers had previously agreed.- . \
Feb. 13 — The Russian cruiser Boyarin is sunk in the harbor of Port Arthur by accidental contact with a mine. Its entire
crew— 197 officers and men— is lost. Russia declares war. V
Feb. 6 — Diplomatic relations severed. Japan begins the transportation of an army to Korea.
Feb. 9 — Admiral Uriu's Japanese squadron destroys the Russian cruiser Variag and the gunboat Koreitz at Chemulpo.
Korea. Japanese torpedo-boats make an unexpected attack upon the Russian fleet in the harbor of Port Arthur, disabling the
battleships Retvizan and Cesar evitch and the cruiser Pallada. Secretary of State Hay addresses a note, to the powers, suggesting
joint action to insure the neutrality of China and to confine the war area to the least possible territory. ¦>¦¦¦¦¦ .
Feb. io — Japanese cruisers capture five merchantmen with cargoes destined to Russian ports.
CHRONOLOGICAL REVIEW OF THE WAR.
THE^ SAN FRANCISCO ! CALL,^ SUNDAY, MARCHES, 1904.
KUROPATKIN IS GIVEN A REMARKABLE OVATION
ON HIS DEPARTURE TO LEAD RUSSIA'S ARMIES
23
FASCI?' \TING ORIGINAL
¦ "MRS. /.-'•BliUEBEARD.'V"
Only One. of a Full 'Page of
Half -Hour Storiettes. ..
• NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
World's Dispensary ¦¦- .. .
Medical Association, ' N. Y., if
they cannot show the original . si»_nature
•of the individual volunteering the testi-
monial below, and also of. the writers of
every testimonial k among the thousands
which they are constantly publishing,
thus proving their genuineness.
"For about two years I suffered from a very
obstinate «ase of dyspepsia," writes R. K. Secora,
Esq.. of 13 Eastern Ave.. Toronto, Ontario. ~" 1
tried a great number of remedies without suc-
cess. I finally lost faith iu them all. I was so
far gone that I could not for a long time bear
any solid food in* my stomach ; felt melancholy
and depressed. . Some four months ago a friend
recommended your J Golden Medical Discovery.'
Alter a week's treatment I had derived so much
benefit that I continued the medicine, I hare
taken three bottlas and am convinced.it has
in my case accomplished a permanent care. I
can conscientiously recommend it to the thou-
sands of dyspeptics throughout the land."
A man can succeed and be strong if
he heeds. Nature's warnings. ' When
there is indigestion , loss of appetite,
ringing in the ears, dizziness, spots ' be-
fore the eyes or palpitation of the heart ;
any or all ; of tnese ; symptoms point to
weakness . and loss of nutrition. Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery is the
mediciae to turn to.
« Golden Medical Discovery " contains
no* alcohol \ and ; isV entirely ;; free;from
opium,, cocaine and all other narcotics.
It is strictly a temperance : medicine. ¦
: Accept no substitute for K Golden Med-
.ical Discovery.". There is nothing K just
as good " for diseases of the stomach.
¦ The ? Commo nSerise Medical Adviser,"
1008 pages, in paper . covers, is sent free
| on receipt of 2 1 one-cent' stamps, to j pay
expense . of mailing only • - Address ' Dr. '
R. V.* Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. y -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOW SCIENCE ~~
SUPPLANTS DIAMONDS
We Read of People Wearing What
They Suppose to Be a Diamond
UntU It Falls Into the Hand o£
the Expert
Who, after a rigid test, finds it to be an
imitation of phenomenal properties. This
wonderful product is the Sapph-Dia-
mond. Many are curious to know how
this gem is produced. Owing to this lim-
ited space it would be impossible to an-
stver this question, except in a brief re-
spect. This gem that foils the experts
and startles the world with its brilliancy
and hardness, is constructed as near on
the same lines as it is possible for sci-
ence to follow nature, pressure and tho
most intense heat obtainable being tha
1 important factors of construction. Tho
Sapph-Diamond Is on exhibition and salo
at 124 Kearny street; San Francisco.
Never sold under electric lights.- Send
stamp for catalogue. World's greatest
Diamond imitator, J. C. Davidson-
It is no small comfort to
have Schilling's Best on call
at your grocer's; a pity one
can't get everything* such and
sol
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Closing Out
At $3.65.
We wish to close out our stock of Smoking Jackets
at once because the assortment is badly broken. At
present writing all sizes are represented, but there are
only a few jackets in e^ch size; some sizes have as
few as 10 jackets. There are just 349 jackets all told
—enough possibly for a two days' sale— but Monday
may see them all gone..
The garments have been divided into two lots as
$5, $6, $6.50 $7, $8.50, $10
Jackets for Jackets for
$3.65 $4.85
The sizes range from 34 to 44 chest measure. If
you come before your size is sold out you can actually
save from $2 to $5: ¦ K-
The number of jackets is so small we will not
mention colors or materials. Ho weyer, each jacket is.
the latest style and they are what is left of the last
hoiiday trade. ; i^tSW •
Mail orders will be filled providing we have the size.
m ; :
740 Market Street
.__/;.¦. / ' - ADVEBTISEMIINTS.
\t l '' ) miW'J\ V i " " I: " ; /V •*""• Jl ' \ an t/K A T the appearance of the first ayznp~
_-» *_ o--«-»s«y» d,*,.*-,*..-. 'Wi/lt/ni : V I V- lV\ 1/^^ajSi lrV4 F^ 1 1 N ** toms of s 1 " 1 ** Peopl* should stay ln-
PC-ril-na a opeClflC ReStOra- "/''Jill/mi *, //l'\U^\»«Jf Wl'Hii doors and take Peruna In small
v: vV- tu «. 11 oi. "«•"«.•« lAV'Mi I / / V V /fe^ ~E doses (teaspoonful every hour) until tho
lIVC I Hat liaS OlOOU tile AS, &M if A [¦[ k~j==zSj^*=^^3 symptoms disappear. This will prevent a
_ t |m will |///..r-L/'<rW" 0££J_r\Trt"^_a" lon S. disastrous sickness and perhaps
Vt/nmnn Fa«« i .» n.u^. _, j ' m'lilll^^r t^^T^ ' i ' i ' i ' i 1 1 ' i i clfic microbe or not, at least this much la
WOmCn Fear La CrlppC and BW^rf^^fl^ certain and admitted by all. It will pro.
Tatari-h D» m na a Do WsXi.M\lK\^^jf \ [ft"' 1 ¦' ' 1 "I ' I ' ', ' ', duce chronic catarrh if not promptly and
Ud Id IT II re-rU-na a Ke- l\M^ S^N^5h» / ' CT^lL 1^?^ Properly cured.
liahfP PrntPPf Inn // I > ' '1 ' '1 ' I ' ' r~1 Jt leaves a person haggard, weak, sal-
lldUie rrOlCCUOn. t^ W pC__<iO\Uj/ gilsSsSs low - frazzled-out. mucous membranes all
" 7/!^\/^^^^sSarrA I AV(§SsJ^»ii congested, appetite changeable, digestion
L///ffr J^^__$^U^J Wi&L'' W capricious, and just about empties life or
A GRIPPE is acute epidemic ca- m^^y^-^^l^yi^^: J y ,/> ail meaning or desirability.
' tarrh. There is no remedy in the ' [IM^^^L* ZJ&^f^r$\)^&i& ''¦ ; / fii\ There is no remedy in the world that
•world that meets this form of ca- 1 W^^?i(^^^^k F^r*"- '( ™ • mects the conditions produced by la
tarrh as thoroughly as Peruna. During '••isa'^HffiBBl^S^^^ 1 XV M V grippe better than the remedy. Poruna.
4v,« «-««• =?«- * 1 1 -r, . " * iSff^SiS BBBaoBSB " VsS^ V \\ Peruna streng-ther.3 as It renovates.
SJamnr «SXlt V T ?T "^ '/ffSP^^I " W iWlV S ° Oth " Wh!le lt stImulates - *«** " «
unraillng remedy. People who have had . l//,__^§W^^"^_B r^_» %• \SA'r'l expurgates.
remain half sick, win find PerMreiaci- i^^^' Peruna Reaches the Source of Ca-
ly suited to their case. There is no z^j^g^^^a^Bl WsSi if /!^S*^ tarrhal Diseases- Unhealthy
remedy devised that will so ___^«__J^-* = '^ <4$5&&i^ l^SWEp&&iM§mJb\ MUCOUS Membranes.
quickly and thorough- .^^^^ t^^--^%^S^3^Cs>s/^*^W Ti u *u • u j,
1 di I flBfflffiffBSBTjfflBMMlBi /** It reaches the source of all diseases oj
iy aispei tne dis- "'___T^^L_ the mucous membranes by its action oa
I agreeable and se- **r'£&ra '^^~&!!r^^'ri^l Jr \^°' the vasa-motor system.
! rious after-ef- J^ Every person who has had la grrippa
fects of la // i^/$&s!%£3i* c^£ J &[ v "^ — ""^s during the last year should taia a course
grippe as /A N^ISS^ ° f Peruna - , Xo ° ne " eed c "^ ct p , er l ect
Peruna // V^^^ recovery unless they do so. The grip has
Peruna. f/ £SZj8gS&yWWm . \ipS§_ produced catarrhal inflammation or tho
// ( WilSk' 0S8IKW \^^ W'^ whole mucous membrane and good
// iWRlr^il \VVn^jJ^^^^^^ I^.\\^\\VA^V»v\ Vt'^-V^ health Is Impossible until these are re-
// J^7^^ i^^^^^^W(((m.(((^^^' v\K^ »W§^. Vt-^ stored to a normal condition.
If /^M^^^^^^^^^^^^^SMmW^ W remedlerhaVe been "suggtsted'VoATiJ
// Ml !l(Ro^ [XW XV condition from time to time, but Peruna
// M^\ j O^ Z^rfy^^ 1 / 1 ' •; M \r ' a PP ears t0 be the only remedy that has
// Wytwlvwy^-^^t^^-r ==:^^zgZ?/jl I 'i\\ , \\ 1 any substantial value in these cases.
// Wv^w^>^|j_|j^^g___^ ~ :=^^^£^/'l /l\<? \\ ¦ u has st ° O11 th ." test of fort y y^rs'
If * \rR^§^ L y?~~?^r = S?^r~^' I) iNl I ' experience and still occupies the untaua
// VS^^^^aB^^^^—^_~ ~^^ : Zi^=^C£J ff^A 1 position of beir.5T tli»» lendir.s (if not tha
j 'ffilf) 1 only) specific remedy for the after-ef-
, >S. // returned, and I have remained in exccl-
j /^^^^©3^/^3/^^^^^^* // lent .h ealth and vl sor now for over a
*'|l^5 1 P^^^^^^S^KJ^^^^^^^^^^^^yy duty to you and to otliora who may bo
1 ! J^^^^^f''//» , Q iifflicted like myself, to speak for Peruna.
1l*SI mWWfi¥^Vv(/^\ r^^^^^yy r^» My trouble first came after la grippe
jl'EjJH \jL\ f 1 L__ jJ—XZ. ~ — *^ yy\lT\e* T T eight or nino years hko — a gathering in
"™"'f^?l N^\;vvv r — 7T 7l — "'* yy^ Mr? 1 #1 1 my hea<1 am * neuralgria. I suffered al-
e»S> *a I v> ' VwSN-vO^vC"^//"" l»vw«Wi *» most all the time. My nose, ears and
I T/ff *i M^ \\ r \ ft r\ /i t T^ eyes were badly affected for the last two
# _t_teT_* //// tn \\\'xz><s~rs // X KADDT?\ year?. I think from your description of
JfSwI^fA* Hi vY>2><^ A«** iJHCVttw pelvic catarrh that I must have had that
Igj f /l\ v uj 1' T also. Nothing ever relieved me like Pe-
I \ \v\ -SI A /\ \£?\ runa. It keeps me from taking cold.
J I J . \ _ yjp^_> _J*__f • \ With th© exception f Of some deafness I
/ \ VW^^^^^^ Not Only Cures the Grip (Epidemic Catarrh) But it Leaves
fj\ \ yf^^^^M the stem in a Healthy Condition.
Ijjj 1 >t' ' Mrs. J. T. La Barre, 451 S. Saline St., Syracuse, N. T., ¦writes: ?
'7 1 £v3 f " 'S'l "' " Last winter I was- completely prostrated from neglecting a cold. I
j II " Was unable to eat or sleep. Rheumatism, followed by la grippe, left t
m fl^^vj ? me nearly helpless. The doctor prescribed for me, but I did not •
£3 [I'lKfe^jJ !¦ seem to gain strength, so he advised me to go away and try a change ',',
'(' \*W$^tw\ of climate. I could afford neither the time nor the money and so "
* * '" ' y\ [ decided to fry Peruna fora change, as I had heard it spoken of very \\
;. t. § ' highly. I am pleased to say that a complete change for the better set "
in'AircSKtfy S that e rt Sa. O^ e < Sft"an "*B a ' m0St " SOOn ° 5 '}*9* n '&&£' "** P alnS /**""?*, ;;
endemic disease. Every winter we have my strength increased and within three weeks I was fully restored. — I
more or less of it. It is difficult to dis- Ji « / Tin Rnnn* >>
tinguish la grippe from a severe cold, f mrS ' Jm '* La aarr3 ' |
There are many points of similarity, «»»»«•> •••••• •••••• ••••••¦»••••••••••»»•.•***», »«»««»
the difference being mainly in the after- "1 ;."-•*>*':¦ •
effects, which can only.be averted by book on the phases,of catarrh peculiar to write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
taking Peruna during the acute stages of women, entitled "Health and Beauty." full statement of your case, and he will
the disease *It will be sent free to any adress by the be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
Peruna- is the. acknowledged catarrh Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, Ohio. vice gratis. •
remedy of the age. Dr. Hartman. the If you do not derive prompt and satis- Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tha
compounder of Peruna, has written' a factory results from the use of Peruna, Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O.WHO'S WHO IN FAR
EAST DURING PRESENT
STRIFE OF NATIONS
Seoul.
ARTAMANOFF. Major General. Commanding
j the rifle brlgad«at.. Port- Arthur.
AVELLAN, Admiral. Russian Minister of
Marine. ¦ ; ' : " . . ' ' " ' ' ' T
BENCKENDORFF, Count. Russian Embassa
dor in London. Succeeded M.- de Staal in
10C2. . ...
BESOBRAZOFF, . M. Russian Secretary" of
. State, and one of the leaders cf the war
party.; ..»-.- . r
BJtIDGE. Admiral Sir Cyrlan. The British
• Commander-ln-Chlef on the China station.
DROWN, ; J. McLeavy. I Administrator ef the
Korean Customs Service. . .
CASFIXL Count. Ru£slan Embassadcr at
' .Washington. •¦. ¦ . •.» • \'
CHUNCHUSES. or Hunghutze.. "The Red
beards," Manchurlan bandits, who, encour
'. 'nged. It is said, by China, are harassing the
.• Russians In Manchurja.. They gave the Japa
' riese much trouble at the time of the Chlno
. Japanese war. • ¦ ¦" : v ¦". -
CONGER. Mr. United States Minister at Pe
king. . -. " ' . .: -
DUBAIL; U: French Minister at Peking.
ELDER STATESMEN. ,ThA council composed
of MarquU Ito apd four more of the old re
formers, who virtually govern Japan.* ,
EVANS, - Rear • Admiral. Cora'mandinsr . the
. American squadron. In Chinese waters.
GENRO. The name given to the- councQ of
elder statesmen In Japan. • -.¦ • ¦
GONSUKli. Hayasbi. . Japanese Minister:.. In
Seoul. ¦ • . ; '• " • "
GRODEKOFF, General. Governor cf Eastern
Siberia, with hcadauarters at Khabaroff.
HARTWIG, M. Chief of the Asiatic depart
ment of the Russian Foreign Office. ¦ .
HAYASHI. Viscount. Japaneto Minister In
London. ¦ '
HUS-TAI-SHIN. '. Chlhese*T>nnIster In Seoui."
INOUYE. Count. One of . the best-known. J»p
enese statesmen. Frfrmer Minister : of Ki
' nance. . • ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ' - '
ITO. Admiral:- Viscount. •. Chiefs of -the staff
of' the Japar.ese navy. He commanded th?
Japanese fleet at the 1 battle of ' the -,Ya!u
River In the Chlno- Japanese: war,
ITO. Marnuls. '". President' of. the privy council
In" Japan. The most- famous living- Japanese
Etatesmani-and generally' known as the -"Bis
marck" of-Jai>an. '¦ ¦ ¦ .---..
JORDAN, C M, G7, -John M. • -British Minister
at Seoul. ¦ •¦
KAMINURO\Vlce Admiral. Commanding the
cruiser division of the. Japanese; fleet whlca
attacked Port Arthur... . :_
KATO. M. Japanese ex -Minister of Foreign
Affairs. - • _
KATSURA, General Count. Japanese Prime
Minister,;- Distinguished' hlmeeU greatly In
the Chlno-Jananese,war. )
KHILKOFF. Prince. The Russian Minister
of Railway*, now In Manchuria, to inspect
the Trans-Siberian Railway.' ' ,.-
KODAMA. General Baron. Vice chief of the
Japanese general staff, who will probably
. command ° the land operations. • . • ¦.
KOMURA. Baron. Japanese Minister of For
el;n Affairs; • ¦•'¦ ' .
KKONTRATENKO. Major General. - Com
manding the rine brigade at Vladivostok. ...;
KURINO. M. Japanese Mlnlsterln St. Peters
bur-r. ¦ ¦ "..-¦¦.-
KUGORI. General. Commanding the Japanese
Flret Army Corp*. • - ¦ • '• . ' Jr'"-
KUHOPATKIN. Gfneral. Russian MlnUter of
War. During his recent visit to Japan. he
• U snld to have given preat offense by. the off
liand way In which- he treated the , people,
lie' has recently -been appointed, to command
lti» Ruff'nn land forces In, thf.Fflr iEast.
LAMSDORFT.' Count: v Russian * Minister of
Foreign Affairs. ' Has .worked consistently
¦ fcr peace. - ' ¦' ' : ¦¦-¦.''¦' - ¦• ¦ '.-
LESSAR. M. Paul. Russian Minister at; Pek
ihR/ — . ' >,'" . ¦.. :¦¦;'.., ¦ ¦' •¦ - - ¦-.¦"•¦' -
LIXIEVITCH. General. In- command of. ths
Flr«t Siberian Army Corps. He commanded
the Russian forces -In the Far Eait- during
resigned, but as chief of the'Council of the
' Guards he «U11 retains control of the army.
YIGOURA." Baron. Japanese Minister of "Jus
; tice; Agriculture and •Commerce. : r : ¦¦:-
YUAN-SKI-KAI. .Viceroy of Jechill. and both
, the Chinese army and navy. He was lately
• 'appointed comtnan<JeMn-chlef and is strongly
pro- Japanese.. .
ister, of Marino. ..
Yl-HYEVJNG, Emreror of Korea. Born Sep
trrnber- 8. -1M2- Succeeded to-^the throne
January 21.: ISOfl. „. j
Y-YONG-IK. Minister of Mar and leading
statesman in Korea. He i* reported to have
the Chtno-Jaraneee w»r.
TAMAMOTO. Admiral Baron. Japanese Min-
. ' rcorth«rn China. .
YAMAO^TA. Marquis. Field • marshal. Mem.
-Mr of tlra Japanese Privy Council. -He com
• roand'd the Japanese army .In Korea during
Far .East- --• '
WE1PERT. Dr. The German Ccnsul In Seoul.
WJTTE. M.' Russian president cf committee
; of Minister. Said to be averse to trnr.
.WOOAK. M» Ru*<lai> military agent for
TOGO Vice Admiral. Known as "The FlshU
Ins T' Admiral." Recently appointed lo Oii
command of th- Japanese landing squad
ron. Admiral Toco, coramanded^ths Jap
anffflort which attacked Port Arthur.
TONG-HAKP The. A retlKious *ect in ' Korea
Vnos"uprlaW was the Immediate caus? of
the ChSno- Japanese War. They have again
|S^SScWl>f the Chunchu^. cr
Manchurton bandits, v.hose exploits have ri
valed these of De Wet.
TUNOFfH-SIANG, Omeral. A Chinese
V leader In -Mongolia, whither he was ban
- Ishcd for iiie-Dart.hc clayed at the slece of
"the legation* In Peking _
rrHim HJ Jaoanepe Minister at Pckinr.
UPIU : A<3mlral. Commanding the Japan* u
squadron which -destroyed |wo RusJlan
shire off Cliemulro. .
VKNTRIS, Major General. Comniandins the
' nrlt'sh Iroos In North Chtna.
'VIRENIUS. Admiral. Commanding the Rus
sian squadron at present on tt» way lo ih-
StVrK^" Vice Admiral. Commanding the Rus
£ KI EqU Gene?al. . Command* the
Ruffian forces in' Southern Manchuria sine*
'¦.«.«^ Boxer tl'irx In 1900. Headquarter, at
TFRAUcVlI General: JaDanese Minister of
War He w«« -chief of th- transportation
and communication durlns the Chlno-Japan-
the Boxer rlsinir. ¦ - "',„
MA. General. • Military Governor of Pechlli,
MACDONALD. Sir Claude. British Minister
at Toklo.
MATSUGATA. Count. Member of the Japan
ese Privy Council.
MATSUO. Admiral. Commanding the two
cruisers purchased by Japan from the Ar
gentine republic, now on their way to the
Far East.- "
MICHAEL. Grand Duke. Russian field mar
shal. • President ol the States' Council and
Chiet of Artillery. . : .
M1N-YUN-HUAN. General Prince. Com
mander In chief of Korean army.
MOTONO. M. Japanese Minister Jn Paris.
MUTSUHITO Emperor of Japan. Born No
vember 3 1S52 Succeded'to the throne Feb
ruary 3, 1S67. • ' ¦ '
NICHOLAS II. Emperor of all th« Russtas.
Born May 10. 180S. Ascended the throne
November 1.-18M.' ' • •• - " '•
NOEL Vice Admiral Sir Gerard. Appointed
to take over . the command of. the British
China squadron In May next.
OKUMA Count. Japanese ex-Prime Minister,
leader of the Shimpoto party.
PA1-KAI-SUN. The Korean Minister to Chi
na who Is reported to haveT>een recalled to
Seoul, where be will be made Foreign Min
5 ister.
PAVLOFF." M. A., Russian Minister at-SeouI.
PEREIRA, Major G. E. Temporary military
'¦¦ attache to tha staff of the British Minister
PFLUo! U General. Chief of the military staff
at Port Arthur. .
PLANGY. M. Collln de. French Minister at
PI EHVE M de. Russian Minister of the
Interior. Reouted head of the war. party in
POSE?/ C.iron von. Russian Minister at Toklo.
SAITO.' AdmlraJ. Commanding the Japanese
SAK^HAROFF. General. Chief of the Russian
SAUONUI. Marquis. Leader of the Seiyukwal.
the new political party In Japan, which was
organized In 100O by Marquis Ito.
SCOTT. Sir Charles S. British Embassador at
SHnrPOTO, U The. One of tha leading political
'=KRYDLOFF aP Admiral. Commander In' chief
of the Black Sea fleet, reported to have been
., appointed to succeed Admiral Stark at Port
"In the action of February 25 the
cruisers Novik, Bayan and Askold had
gone to sea. In search of the missing
torpedo-boat destroyers Pezposhtcholni
and Vnushltelni. sent out the previous
evening. The former, during the en
gagement, managed to run in at full
ST. PETERSBURG, March 12.—Ad
miral Stark's detailed reports of the
attempt to bottle up the Russian fleet
at Port. Arthur on February 24 and
the engagement of February 25 says:
"The Japanese steamers Intended to
be sunk in the roadsted were flreshlps
of the deadliest sort, being soaked with
petroleum and sprinkled with coal dust.
A large quantity of calcium carbide
on board the ships prevented the pos
sibility of quenching the flames. One
of the ships burned for a week. This
Russians were seriously hampered in
the pursuit with torpedo-boats, owing
to the fear of floating mines among
the wreckage in the roadsted.
"Charts found on, board the hulks
showed the spots where if had been
planned to sink them, and also the ex
act position of the battleship Retvi
zan.
•WI1X.ITS. March 12.— Two dliUact «*rth
cuake shocks -were felt ber» at 5 o'clock to
day. E*ch lasted about ten seconds. The vi
bration was trom east to ¦west. -
HALIFAX. N. S., March 12.— A
series of maneuvers. by the r ar.tiUery at
the forts and a careful inspection of
the harbor defenses have convinced
the military authorities that Halifax
is impregnable. An attack j by any
number of warships, it Is believed,
would fail to force an entrance. Dur
ing the last three years nearly every
Furnace line steamer arriving here
from England has brought powder and 1
projectiles and an Immense quantity of
ammunition Is now in storage.
There is considerable Interest among
military and naval men In the pro
posed visit to England In a few weeks
of Raymond Prefontaine, Canadian
Minister of Marine, and Fisheries, for
the purpose of conferring with the Ad
miralty Office regarding the Canadian
naval reserves. The Government de
sires to obtain two warships on which
to train Canadians and Prefontaine In
tends to Introduce a bill in the Do
minion Parliament providing for the
establishment of a navy in Canada. It
Is proposed to place one* cruiser In the
Pacific and one in the Atlantic.
PLANS CREATION
OF A NAVY FOR
THE DOMINION
It is understood that another official
dispatch, covering Thursday's fight at
Port Arthur, has been received and
probably will be given out to-night. It
is rumored that the Russians suffered
greater material losses than reported,
but there is no confirmation of the ru
mors, official or otherwise.
speed, but the Vnushitelnl was cut oft
by a vision of the enemy's cruisers and
returned to Pigeon Bay, where she. was
followed by the Japanese, fired upon
and considerably damaged. The com
pressed air reservoir of her torpedo
magazine was pierced."
TIENTSIN, March 12.— The first credi
ble reports of the effect of the bom
bardment of Port Arthur from mid
night on Wednesday to past noon on
rhursday last which have been received
here arrived to-day. Eye-witnesses say
that the Japanese fire, which was in?
different in previous attacks, showed
marvelous accuracy. The fire came from
the direction of Pigeon Bay, where the
Russians report having sighted double
the previous number of Japanese ves
sels, and It is supposed that transports
3f various kinds accompany the fleet,
it is reported that the Retylzan, which
it is understood was then inside the en
trance of the harbor, was struck sev
aral times and that there were fatali
ties among the crew. It is also said
that the Golden Hill forts were" badly
damaged and that there were many
casualties among the remaining non
combatants in the new town, which
suffered most. One building in the rear
of the "War Bureau was destroyed, arid
elsewhere a shell annihilated 'an ''entire
family/ ,
The Russians are suppressing the cir
culation of foreign newspapers, and any
person suspected of being a correspond
ent is* ordered out-of their lines..Resi
dents of Port Arthur assert that the
defenders of that place possess the de
lusion that British officers command
the Japanese shins. A leading 'police
officer who had been prominent in ex
pelling suspects killed himself, it is're
ported, on account of his failure to ap
prehend newspaper correspondents.
BROWN GUNNERS
HAVE THE RANGE
OF PORT ARTHUR
The engagement referred to in" the
foregoing dispatch is possibly the
same one reported from Tokio under
date of March 10, which, however,
made 'no mention of casualties.
SEOUL, Friday. March 11. — The
United States steamship Cincinnati
will leave' Chemulpo to-morrow for
Chenamphb to bring away the women
and children from the American com
pany's mine at Unsan. The families
of American missionaries south of the
Yalu are not considered to be in any
danger, but every precaution is being
taken for their safety.,
A messenger from the mines at Un
san, who left Chenampbo. on-Wednes
day last, says that everything is quiet
in ' . that 'yicl.nlty. Only a few recon
nolterine Dartiss of : Cossacks" were
seen north of that point, and there
probably were only a few hundr»ls of
Russians, in all south of \.the Jalu.
There is little prospect for any seri
ous conflict in this quarter within the
ne,xt, six ; ¦ <¦ . .
Thus far there has been, no trouble
at the mines and there is little like
lihood they will be/ Interfered with,
both sides having given every assur
ance In that respect. The only pos
sible danger i3 from straggling parties
of pillagers, but from these , the "min
ers are able to protect themselves,
having, on. bland three .Colt guns and
an ample supply of rifles.
An engagement . took place on the
Sth lnsti between Russian and Japan
ese cavalry, scouts near Kasangr, fifty
seven miles north of Plngyang. One
Japanese • trooper was killed during
the fight. The Russians eventually
retired.
AMERICAN MINE
IS NOT IN DANGER
FROM COMBATANTS
FIRE SHIPS USED
IN THE ATTEMPT TO
BLOCK CHANNEL
The report that Russia is sending
submarine boats overland to the Far
East Is much commented upon, observ
ers facetiously recalling the Russian
Emperor's proposal at The Hague peace
conference that the 'use of submarine
boats ought, to be condemned as being
uncivilized.
Count Okuma Shigenobu, former
Prime Minister," is heading a movement
for the publication in connection with
the St. Louis Exposition of a historical
work entitled "Anglo-American Influ
ence In Japan." The object is to com
memorate the fiftieth anniversary of
the negotiation of the first Japanese
treaty with the United States. There
will be about 100 distinguished con
tributors, including Prince Keiki, the
last of the shoguns; Marquis Ito and
Field Marshal Yamagata. Colonel O. E.
Woods; military attache of t,he United
States embassy, has planned to make
the work complete historically from the
time of the restoration. . •
| TOKIO. March 12.— Sir Claude Mac
! donald, the British Minister to Japan,
I through Admiral Bridge to-day ten
' dered the Navy Department the use of
.the naval hospital'at Yokohama' for the
treatment of sick and wounded sailors.
Vice Admiral Yamamoto, Minister of
the Navy, gratefully accepted the of
fer on behalf of Japan.
j Practically complete figures,, with
Formosa and some districts of Japan
J missing:, show that the first issue of
j 100,000,000 ysnof exchequer war bonds
t hns been subscribed four and a half
times. The subscriptions recorded by
the Bank of Japan amount to 450.000,000
| yen. This proves the correctness of the
i preliminary estimate that the Govern
! ment would be able to raise 500,000,000
! yen for war purposes from domestic
' sources.
j The Cabinet and eWer statesmen con
1 ferred for four hours to-day, They dls
! cufsod the financial situation and the
war tax measures to be submitted to
the special session of the Diet, and de
cided to raise $23,000,000 by, postponing
i Government undertakings and $35,000,
000 by a war tax. . / - , . . ,
Until recently It was thought tmprac
i ticable properly to consider and pass
rnonopoly measures at a short special
session, and it seemed to . have been
t agreed that they should be left for ac
tion by the regular session. Russia's
i extensive military programme, how
ever, makes an extension of Japan's
financial programme inoperative, so the
monopoly measures possibly- may be
submitted to the special session of the
Diet.
The condition of the wounded Rus
sians treated at the Japanese Red
Cross hospital who do not show any
unusual symptoms is thought here to
prove that there is untruth in the
Russian allegation In regard to the pe
culiarly poisonous nature of the gase
ous exhalations from the Japanese
shells and torpedoes.
The statement in the Russian report
that the Japanese used lyddite in the
bombardment of Vladivostok is be
lieved to have been made with the ob
ject of conveying the impression that
Great Britain supplied this explosive.
JAPANESE GIVEN
USE OF BRITISH
NAVAL HOSPITAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. MARCH 13. 1004.
affording 1 an understanding: of events
in connection with the "Far Eastern
war: .-- ¦«"¦' -'¦¦ ¦¦•¦- \ ¦' '- ¦ ''' r«
AL.EXIKFTY Admiral. Russian Vlceroy.of tlj«
Far Kaft. commanding both the army and
TMvy in the Far East. #> •
ALEXIS ALEXAXDROVITCH, Grand Duke.
OonJirander-ln-Clilcf of th« Russian navy.
- He <e caid to *hare the pacflc sentiments of
. 4he Czar. • • • •'.> . . : ¦ ¦-
ALLES, II. N., United States Minister at
The.foiioV.-tag list of names, with ac
*ny5anyinK explanations, ivlll aid In
24
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Thirty-Day Introductory Sale
By far the most important importation of Ori-
ental rugs ever brought to the Pacific Coast. To
quickly introduce them, the entire invoice was
placed on" sale Monday, March 7, for thirty days at
a special 25 per cent discount from regular prices.
The collection includes nearly every weave known
in the old world, and sizes range from small mats
18 by 36 inches to immense carpets 13 by 18 feat-
There are Anatolians, Hamadans, Daghestans, Shlr-
yans, Beloochistans, Kazaks, Karabaghs, Monsoula^
Tabriz. Sennas, Bokharas, Cashmeres, Afghans, etc
A big display in our show windows now — don't
nriss seeing them even, though you have no intention
of ,buying.
¦ 261 to 281 Geary, St., at Union S^uaro
THE WAR
INTHE EAST
West. Worti and Soutfc Tiat Stuart'»
aysutpsla Tatlets Is Wattosr Ajralnrt
All Forms of Stomach Troubla
Can Oaly End Ore W»7.
Dyspepsia T7U1 St Driven OS tie EartS-
The great and effective work of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is no lons-;r
confined to America. They are being
used now all over the world, for their
fame has spread throughout foreisn
countries and they cure dyspepsia in
all lands and all climates just as well
asythe'y do at home. In fatt, sur-
1*. ndlnga and conditions never inter-
fere with the successful work of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, not even
the conditions of the stomach itself.
They go ahead in their own natural
way regardless of the stomach and
digest the food that the bad stomach
cannot digest and permit that organ
to do just as it pleases, rest up. tak«
a vacation, get well or what not. ¦ The
stomach, however, always makes it a
point to get well whe^n it has nothing
else to do. That's v.hat stomachs al-
ways have done and will continue to
do when they have the opportunity.
A prominent Detroit physician says:
"I prescribe Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
for all cases bf stomach trouble. I
have tried many prescriptions, lndud-
\ ing a number of my own, but find
! nothing that gives such universal re-
; lie* as this remedy. They are natural,
harmless and thoroughly effective la
their work, and while I have a natural
antipathy to patent medicines. I do
not hesitate to prescribe and recom-
mend Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets on all
occasions."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by all druggists at -50 cents a. box.
They are to well known and their
popularity Is so great that a druggist
would as soon think of being out of
alcohol or quinine. The above testi-
monial of the physician Is no excep-
tion. In fact physicians are prescrib-
ing them all over the land and If your
own doctor is real honest with you ha
win tell you frankly that there Is noth-
ing on earth so good for dyspepsia as
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
A well located lotlsing-house
provides a good income. Quite a
few, nicely situated, are adver-
tised to-day.
Read the list of LODGING-
HOUSES fOR SALE.
BEST CHAPTERS OP ALI;.
Fourth Installment of
"TO-MORROW'S TANGLE."
Tlic Great s California Novel.
by the :
Famous California Author ¦
Xow Running. , ;:
- wiXEXT SUNDAY CALL).
AJ3VEETISEKSNTS. . ' •'
EBEaBBBSBBBBBBBBBBBHBBBWiDHilBBBBBIIBBBBraBBBBB
. ¦ ¦ -- •¦-... r: .. ... ¦: - . .. .• ... • ¦ B
j Last-week u-e^told you what W. J. Ramsey of- 511 Hayes street g
n £cys abgut oar Rupture care. Here is another: J'; m
U ' :¦'¦-¦¦ S. F., Cal.. Feb. 10, '04. ¦
¦ -•" 'This is to certify that I "was cured by the Fidelity Rupture ¦
g Cttrc^aitcr-suflcriag pain with trusses is I am. now able to ¦
5 do-any kind of work without cither pain or truss, and have, done S
n -so for nearly a year. I cheerfully recommend the Fidelity treat-- g
8. . If you arc in doubt, go and sec these men.. ¦> We "can give., you B
* names and addresses enough to keep you calling a ; month — all cured . ¦
8 by.cn. 'Do not risk comfort,- health— perhaps your life— any -longer. «j
5 Cohsultatibn free. " No pay until cured. ¦-¦-: ' g
s pideli^ Rupture Cure ¦
\\^4ri^^^^^i San Francisco I
lEBEDSBBBHBBaHHHBiBBBBBHBBIHBlI-IBHHlBlBHHBBBB
*' :r - - '- "¦' ">'¦' ¦' ' ADVERTISEMENTS. .. - ; ;::.-.: .-¦¦¦-_ '_" VJ: " : -j ; -;-;-- ". ''./ ; ' ..,_._.^.____' ' '_ _l*-_'^. .-' - J- C'-^" -' -
IIP^ This week we have something lo give you that will more than interest. the people of e'ycry home on the Pa-
eifce Coast. Wo have four hundred Couches to offer at wholesale prices. This winter our Eastern buyers secured yog
W t i,c -jrcatest wholesale bargain ever obtained in the furniture business. An entire manufacturer's line was bought f|
B up at practically our own figures. Tht Couches arc now here on our floor, and you can have them at the manufac- |
5 lurer's prices. If you have any douht of these val"i»c, von will. only have to \see the goods .themselves; ; they will , '9
a speak far more strongly than any type. • Begitu ing Monday, the sale. \ • *.. » H A
6 Vjj^^Q $5. /& 5 holstered spnl'ngs, - Retail Price- [ Our Mfrs.' Price >j m
J • A bed. a couch or a davenport. $5.50 ! $3.65 5
K j2.2.)\J $11,511 g p " fn g a. " Retail Price" Our Mfrs.' Price ff
« T,iht>A cininw tnnnas im,!,^ tn l^ct colors and patterns. £10 00 . • 0
n xuiicu, strong spnngb, maue to last. Our manufacturer's $>J.U.U\J ipO.Oif jH
GT _, . » . ." . ,. j outlines. Strongly; . *"|j^* . Retail I'rice- ¦ Our.-.Mfrs." Price • t _S p^_. '
t% v - 1. turcr's ssle price . . ViT Si I I Hi - *H J. I I ioT -
f9 *k *J *-* • *<J vj **^ Yotii* choice of goods met rteta.il I'rice Our Mfrs.* "Price VclzSf £a
B Coverings in water greens and nclv two-tone silks. nTanufau;ttwcr% sale $24.00 . $1 7.50 : ,.-.,.'i.: M
€ A couch whose other name is "Rest," lace edges, roan skin <f ¦¦ ¦¦'" ¦¦<tt'7C C\C\ C^"7 6JO * "^ """ _k
Cff rtetaill Pric# Our Mfrs. Pric© - . . • . rvationzil .' springs rtetEil Price ' v Our Mfrs.* Price* • Jn
7m f«*<n AA <M1 aa - on c°PP e r braces, up- *r\f\ ,-\r\ -«•»¦¦•> a ¦ ¦ ¦ • / 'mp
g ' $18.00 $12.90 . :^.tmd. tufted and $80.00 $57.50 I
ft Variety of colors — velours, corduroj-s, tapestries. . toughest horsehide. » • Will last for two generations. fi
fi Pacific Coast - nlncr.. 'M^^MiM P>nQT qt Good Faith. |
jj "THE CREDIT HOIJSE 233'235-237 rOb I •=> I • gBoy Killed by Dynamite Explosion.
SEATTLE, March 12. — A terrific dy
namite explosion that shook the entire
northern part « of . the city Friday, re
sulted in the death otTerrence Scott, a
9-year-old boy. A large quantity of the
explosive - was placed in a kettle to
thaw and left near an open fire. Five
minutes afterward, just as young
drew near the fire, the explosion camo.
REDO.NDO, March 12. — It is now
believed that the schooner Mabel Gray,
which was washed ashore and wreck
ed at this port yesterday morning, will
be a total loss. She has been carried
close in shore by the waves and it is
apparent that she Is badly damaged.
Such of the lumber cargo as -was not
washed overboard when the vessel
went aground will be saved.
Portion of Cargo Not Washed Over
board When Vessel Went Aground
-Will Be Saved, s- .v />.. -.-. ;~* '•
SC1IOQXER MABEL GRAY, - ,
Wlt^Li BE A TOTAL LOSS
EVERETT. Wash., March 12. — A
huge landslide covers the coast line
track of the Great Northern near Ed
monds. The Great Tjrthern trains are
traveling over the Northern PaciJic
tracks. The blacksr..ith shop at the
Big Index mine was demolished by a
Enowslide, which also imprispned sev
eral miners by blocking the tunnel.
The men were two hours digging their
way to freedom.
Men Duried Under a Mass of Earth
Contrive to Dig; Their
Way Out. V
1MMEXSE LANDSLIDE
IMPRISONS THE MINEHS
Cottage and porches, SO by 30 feet;
barn and corral space, including chick
en coops, etc.; 73 by 75. feet: two .wind
mill towers, 16 by ;16 .feet each; garden,
46 by94 feet; binckberry patch, 16 by 90
feet; strawberries, 65 by^90, feet; citrus
nursery. 90 'by .SS feet, in which there
are 400 budded orange trees; a row of
dewberries along the fence, 100 by 2
feet: four apricot trees, two oak trees,
three peach trees, six fig trees ; ten lo
cust' trees; Eeven eucalyptus trees, one
paradise treei four bearing bread friut
trees,', thirty rosebushes, twenty gera
niums, twelve lemon trees seven years
old; a lime ! tree* from which was sold
last year 160 dozen limes, eight bearing
orange trees,' five pomegranate trees,
six beds of violets six by two feet each,
one patch of bamboo, one bed of calla
lilies,* four" prune trees, six ¦ cypress
trees, fourteen stands of bees, four huge
grapevines, one bed of "sage, one "seed
bed, besides ' honeysuckles and many
rare shrubs.
:-': In 1877 Mr. Cleek -purchased his
acre of land in the 1 corner of a dusty,
glaring field :of stubble, f It was a
big wheat, field, .from which, the jcrop
had been just cut. ; It was rpmote from
any dwellings and was about as bar-
Mr. Wright, the journalist of the Cail
fornia Promotion Committee, has made
up the oddest and most instructive in
ventory of the year to date. He has
been in Orland. where Samuel C. Cleek
cultivated for twenty-seven years a
lone acre of land and from it derived
support for himself and wife, and left
as proceeds a respectable bank account
and also three acres ofMand which he
purchased with the money. he earned,
on his one famous acre.
.. Mr. Cleek died a short time ago of old
age and his fertile acre is now. run by
hi3 wife, who survives him. This farm
is a most remarkable example of what
can be accomplished through irrigation
and intensive cultivation of the soil.;
Mr. Wiight took an inventory of what
it contained. Almost every foot of the
acre farm is utilized. Here is what ia
on the farm at the present time: ri
SHANGHAI. March 12. — Ths reitfira rev.
for tho laM quarter was -TXt.OCO ta»ls
IkIow that of 1002-03. Tlic total revenue for
tb* y<*ar was under 100.000 tads in excejfii of
1002 -ta.
Relatives Absent From the Funeral.
ETI WANDA, Cal., March 12.— The
funeral service of the late Charles E.
Langham. father of Baroness Speck
von Sternberg. wife of the German
Embassador to the United States, was
held in the Congregational Church to
day and burial followed at San Ber
nardino. None of the relatives of the
deceased were present at 'the funeral,
which, however, was largely attended
by friends.
Cleek r s Famous Orland Farm
Is Fouud. to J5e UepJete
in Variety of. Products
The Trustees of the Public Library
estimate' that it willrequiie $69,460 to
conduct the institution during the next
fiscal year.' of which S39.000 isfor sala
ries. They also ask the Supervisors for
$20,000 to purchase a site and erect a
building for North Beach. The trustees
aver that the need for better accommo
dations for the North Beach branch 13
very urgent.
D ranch' Library at North 'Beach.
WILLOWS, March 12.— The Super
visors of Glenn County have decided
to bring suit against the Sacramento
Transportation Company as a result
of a "steamboat belonging to this com
pany causing the destruction of the
Dutte City bridge recently. The bridge
was built In 1S92 at a cost of $40,000
and was 290 feet in length. The sunken
bridge wiil be raised immeliately and
repaired. The estimated cost of the
repairs is $15,000.
Destruction of Buttc City Bridso by
a Stcam?x>at to Cause n.
Lawsuit.
SUPERVISORS WILL SUE
T RANSPORTATIOX COM PAX V
WRIGHT MAKES
OUD INVENTORY
SACRAMENTO, March 12. — Christo
pher Hanson, aged 55 years, a track
walker employed by the Southern Pa
cific Company, was struck by the loco
motive or the overland last night at
a point near the long trestle between
Sacramento and - Davisviiie, four miles
from the Yolo end of the Sacramento
bridge, and instantly killed.' He was
inspecting the track when caught by
the train.
Train Kills Track Inspector.
Cleek knew how to make everything
fit." said Mrs. Cleek, "and if gome
people put half as much on two acres
it would look overcrowded." "»'.i
The acre farm has gained some lo
cal fame and as a consequence it is
visited occasionally by those that go
to the northern portion of the Sac
ramento Valley.
ren -and uninviting a place upon
which to start a home as can be im
agined. There was no running water
on the place and from May" until No
vember rain does not usually fall, al
though in the winter time the rains
are generous.
Mr. Cieek had but a few dollars and
the. home he built was, Mrs. Cleek
says, "only a very small room." Ha
dug a deep well and, being handy
with carpenter's tools, erected a wind
mill, which operated a home-made
pump. rv
Robinson Crusoe did not do more on
his desert isle than did Samuel Cleek
on his dusty a.cre of stubble. At the
time of Mr. Cleek's death he left al
most $4000. Mr. Cleek was ill at
times and then, 'too, he was always
anxious to reinvest the profits of his
unique acre. ,"-<•>
The little farm looks artistic. "Mr.
Steamer Valencia's Narrow Escape.
SEATTLE, . March 12. — The Pacific
Coast Steamship Company's, steamer
Valencia, which left this port Wednes
day morning for San Francisco, had to
put back Thursday after. an eighteen
hour tussle with a storm which threat
ened at various times to break the ves
sel to pieces and send her to the bot
tom. The Valencia returned, to port
Friday afternoon. She is considerably
damaged. Though heavily laden, she
was tossed about like a cork.
VALLEJO, March 12.— Navy yard
engineers are now employed upon pre
liminary work of much importance.
They are engaged in making soundings
along the Vallejo side of the channel
opposite the navy yard to secure data
for the driving of several thousand
feet of sheet piling. Competent en
gineers have* asserted that by nar
rowing tfie Mare Island channel the
force of the tides will sweep it clean
and deep and will secure a depth of
water adequate to all the needs of our
largest warships. Congress has ap
proved the plan by making, a large
appropriation for sheet piling the east
ern bank of the channel. It is a work
of considerable magnitude.
Engineers of the Navy Make Sound
ings Preliminary to Extensive
Sheet Pilinsr.
CHANNEL AT VALLEJO
WILL BE IMPROVED
rested in 1S92 for committing a felony,
was tried that year and the Jury dis
agreed. A second trial was ordered
and was held In 1903. It resulted in
conviction and Stouter was sentenced
to sixteen years in Folsoni prison. The
case was appealed to the Supreme
Court by the defendant. Judge Wells
of Contra Costa County occupied the
bench in Napa County during the trial.
The Supreme Court now his reversed
the findings In the second trial and re
manded the case to Napa County for a
new trial. The jurors were called
back and given a second set of instruc
tions after th?y had once been in
structed and this was the main ground
on which the Supreme Court set aside
the verdict; ¦ ¦• ; .
NAP.A, March 12. — Word has just
heen received in Napa. that the Su
preme Court has reversed the decision
of the Superior Court of Napa in the
case of T. J. Stouter. Stouter was ar-
Supreme Court '.Holds That Judge
Erred -in Giving: Jury » Second
Set of Instructions.
XKWTRIAL IS (ill ANTED
C? V^i^t*R THK" STOUTER^CASE
Vr.ions Nominate Municipal Ticket.
SANTA CRUZ, March 12. — The la
bor unions have selected the following
municipal ticket to be voted for the at
the election to be held April 11: T. W.
Kelly. Mayor: A. Cox. A. N. Hedgpeth,
J. H. Biiodeau and C. Barnard, Coun
dlinen'; 6. Evans, Clerk, and F- W.
Luca.s. Trc-a surer.
GUERNEVILLE. March 12. — About
5 o'clock Thursday morning a red
wood tree five feet in diameter about
half a mile from this place fell and
completely demolished Korbell's cook
house. Mrs. S. Armstrong and her
daughters. Irene and Mabel, who were
sleeping in one of the rooms, had a
narrow escape from death, although
the room was wrecked. Charles Han
son, who occupied a room, was thrown
out of the building and the furniture
and bed were smashed. He escaped
with slight injuries.
Falling Tree Wrecks a House.
WASHINGTON, March 12.— Robert
M. Richardson to-day was appointed
Postmaster at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, March 12.— The an
nouncement that Robert M. Richardson
had been nominated by the President
as Postmaster of this city occasioned
little surprise. It was known that Sen
ators Perkins and Bard had agreed
upon him as the successor of J. O.
Coleman.
Richardson, though only 35 years of
age, has beon identified with Republi
can politics in this county first as secre
tary of the Republican County Central
Committee and then as chairman of
the same committee. No appointment
could have been made which would ba
more satisfactory to the commercial in
terests of Sacramento. Richardson for
ten years has held a responsible posi
tion with tho firm of H. S. Crocker &
Co. and has a wide acquaintance in
mercantile circles, not only in Sacra
mento, but throughout" this section of
the State. He has done splendid work
for the Republican party througn sev
eral exciting campaigns and enjoys the
reputation of being a thoroughly clean
politician. He is a native of Sacra
mento and a member of a pionear fam
ily. He will have the appointment of a
deputy. The aspirants are ths incum
bent, G. S. Turner. George Frsichler
and Charles Chenu. The salary of Post
master is ?33C0 per year, and of the
deputy S1S00 per year.
fc"^ec:el DSipatch to The Call
GLEX ELLEN, March 12. — Several
dwellings in this village have been
damaged by the heavy rains of the
past few days. C. H. Rankin, the
agent of the California Northwestern
Railroad, was awakened early Friday
morning by the noise of water com
ing into his house, which is situated
on the edge of Sonoma Creek. He got
up and found eighteen inches of water
on the first floor and the flood was
threatening to carry away the flimsy
foundation of the dwelling. He hur
riedly removed his family to a place
of sufetv.
Damage at Glen Ellen.
President Names Native Son
for Postmaster at
Sacramento. .
R. M. RICHARDSON, THE
NEWLY APPOINTED POST
MASTER AT SACRAMENTO.
Gardener v.as formerly a deputy
sheriff in this county and later served
in the rame capacity in the State of
Washington, being one of the posse
ihat k:!ied Outlaw Tracy. Gardener is
supposed to have fired the shot that
•vvound'-d the outlaw, which caused
the latter to commit suicide.
Spalding went up to bring Gardener
down. Gardener refused to descend and
grappled with Scalding. The insane
man tried to throw*" the attendant from
the room. When Spalding saw he could
not handle the man and v.as about to
fall he struck Gardener a blow over the
eye. rendering him unconscious. Ropes
and l'ulleys were secured and Gardener
was lowered through a trapdoor in the
roof to the floor below.
BAN" JOSE. March 12.— A desperate
struggle upon the roof of Agnew In
sane Aejiura occurred shortly after
noon to-day between Charles M. Gar
dener, a patient, and J. Spaulding, an
attendant. For a time it looked as
though the men would roll to the
ground, five stories below. In order to
save himself from frightful death
Spalding was obliged to knock Gar
dener unconscious.
As the attendants came from dinner
Gardener was seen standing upon the
roof of the asylum, evidently in the act
of decsending the lire escape. In some
way the patient had escaped from his
room and gained the roof.
Ei>ecicJ Dtoatch to The C*ll
Former Deputy Sheriff Who Shot the
Notorious Outlaw Tracy Attempts
Terrible Murder.
Desperate Before
tie Insane Man Is
Subdued-
' SAN JOSE, March 12.— H. D. Matth
ews, the newly appointed City Treas
urer, took the oath of office to-day
and will open the treasury for busi
ness next Monday morning. . The sure
ty companies that were on the bond
of McGeoghegan, the United States
Fidelity and Guaranty Company and
the American Bonding Company,
have gone on Matthews' bon8 for
$100,000. A thorough examination of
the books in the Treasurer's office
will be. commenced on Monday and
inside of a week it is said that the
total amount of the deficit, will be
known.
William Taaffe, the deputy, denies
that he had anything to do with the
shortage and his friends have retained
Attorney D. M. Delmaa to' look after
his interests. , \ '
Rumors that a warrant would be
issued for the arrest of McGoeghegan
have been current on the streets all
day, but up to this evening no action
had been taken. A private detective
is still shadowing the ex-Treasurer
night and day. The frfends of Mc-
Geoghegan are exhausting every
source to get the money to make good
the shortage. They feel confident that
they can raise the amount.
Every effort is now being made to
find where the money was spent. Mc-
Geoghegan owes a great many bills
around town and it always has been
difficult for his creditors to get any
money out of him. The police de
partment is now running down all sto
ries that come to them of McGeoghe
gan's expenditure of money. Hangers
on about the city treasury are also
being looked up and their conduct in
vestigated.
The District Attorney's office has
the matter in hand now and if there
is any prosecution it will ba through
that office.
The representatives of the two surety
companies on McGeoghegan's bond
have eerved notice on District Attorney
CamplKJll that he niust prosecute Mc-
Geoghegarr and all others found guilty
of misappropriating city fund3. The
companies declare they will not be sat
isfied with McGeoghegan's friends re
imbursing them. They state that they
are ready to pay the city the amount
of the shortage in the Treasurer's of
fice as soon as the amount is definitely
determined*. - ¦..--.¦,
The city is in darkness to-nisrht be
cause electric poles are gone on the
east side. Two more breaks occurred
on that side * to-da>;, but the back
water is so high there that it gave lit
tle relief to the river. Many families
from the east side have moved to Co
lusa. Those who remain are Hying in
the second stories of houses. Stock
is being fed on the levees.
The small break that occurred on
the Colusa side near Princeton yes
terday has kept washing out until
now it is nearly 200 feet wide and is
becoming larger. The water from
this break is doing considerable dam
age to farms near the break. The wa
ter is moving south toward reclama
tion district 108 in the southern end
of the county, which contains about
35.000 acres planted to grain. The
district is surrounded by high levees
a.nd it is thought that these will hold
the water out.
COLUSA. March 12. — The Sacra
mento River reached 28 feet I'M
inches at 4 o'clock this morning and
has since receded to 27 feet 11 inches.
It is falling slowly. The water on the
east side stands nearly on a level with
the water in the river. >
Great Volume of Water That
Is in the Sacramento
River Rises and Recedes
Newly Appointed Treasurer
Gives Bonds and Will En
ter on Duties on Monday
FAMILIES MOVE HIGHER
Agnew Patient Tries
to Hurl Keeper
to Death,
NO AEEESTS ABE MADE
Electric Poles at Colusa
Are Washed Out and Il
lumination Is Lacking
Friends of Disgraced San
Jose Official Are Raising
Money to^ Cover the Deficit
MANIAC
BATTLES
ON A ROOF
MAY MAKE GOOD
THE SHORTAGE
FLOOD CAUSES
THE DARKNESS
COVETED OFFICE
IS TO BE GIVEN
TO RICHARDSON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1004.
25
ADVERTISEMENTS. . •
LOOK FOR THIS TRADE- MARK ON EVERY BOTTLE.
MEDICINE FOR ALL MfflEIND
At all druggists' ,'or grocers'- ordlrect.- $1.00 a bottle. Medical booklet free.
Duffy Malt Whiskey Co., Rochester, New York. '- ¦
• J - ':, ADVEBTISEME1TI& ~
¦"-''¦ >i^t Keady=to=wear
In/? passing judgment. They
¦"'¦'¦¦ 8re bette - f tha " ftaiUthJr
These Tuxedos are made from black- Thibet — a good quality fabric — which is excellent for
wear, but not nearly as expensive as crepe or unfinished worsted. The coats have gros-grain
siik facing, and the tailoring has been carefully done, so as to insure perfect fitting garments.
The garments; are made by us. Other stores, who buy through jobbers, ask fully $20.00 for
Tuxedos of this quality. Our price is $15.00.
BustnesS' Siiif*-^ for 00
Swell garments, cut in the latest style, elegant gray patterns in checks, stripes and plaids;
also the popular gun-metal shade of gray; single-breasted style only; suits like them usually sell
for $12.50 or $15.00; also blue and black cheviot overcoats; coming direct from the makers, the
Splendid business suits in single or double-breasted styles; patterns comprise the popular
steeloand-gun.-uictal grays;, also swell dark effects, with a sprinkle . here, and there of golden
brown and olive green, to tone them up;' suits like .them/will cost you $17.50 to $20.00 in stores
that do rriot make .their, own goods; buy here from the makers at $15.00.
Some of the trousers are made from cassimere in gray shades; comprising herringbone
weaves, hair-line and invisible stripes; others are fancy striped worsteds ; you will have no
idea of their value until you see them; price $2.75.
Man '¦orders fined. C>,]yM/fl|l|l J? &1f\* When orderm 9 b Y
W$Mim§M llltl *® : r- ™ IV mai/ P /ease address
size required. 740 Market Street Department L
ADVERTISEMENTS.
31 Specials This Week
This iro:i bed. like the picture.
with spring .ind top mat- £5; g^L
tress, while they last <h£?CJF
Single size only.
Tii is extra quality Nottingham
lace certain, 56 inches wide and
3^ 3'ards long. Our regular price
is $.voo. I Ti order to have you
visit our drapery department we
cut them to 9I.45jfor this week
only. Picture shows half pair can
be used for one window. .
MAKE BABY HAPPY! This
maple crib with wire spring, size
42X2X $2.65
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.
We Trust tlie People
132O-28 Stockton St.
All cars lead to our store. We
furnish houses completely.
Country orders solicited.
Every Woman
4^ V*'*^ !w u"^ U lsLercsle J »nd ahonld know
¦yr*.' l *g >.W jj Mitn about the wonderf a
V i \ \X rvn MARVEL Whirling Spray
V.*5gCv-»Cfv^jjI tion and Suction. Belt— b*f-
vjVv ><yafflk est-Mort Convenient.
~-*t*C;^' ltCtwa»«» InHitfr.
,« yo.rarfrrme.ru X*'* /^w-r^S^^ 5^
MARVBIj. Accept BO " ¦'£-«fa ctr *m
otber. bnt tend «*mp for O- >fc l**7/mfcf
tustnted bo«k-«««Je4.n girt* \%. / 'V/2f
full ptrtlrulurt and direction* la. . tx,'/ # m
Ttzces BuUdluj. New Tork. *XZL*2*.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DA MI AN A BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gtvea health and
¦trecgtfc to sexual crstsi. Dcj-ot, 323 Market.
ADVEBTiszanarrs.
H sff1$$£l$B$$S&P&*: A MILLION AMERICAN NURSING
« i^^l^^l^^^^ MOTHERS keep themselves and their ba-
*\ bios in splendid health with OASOARETS
m Wg^gMmMSB^wya^ Oandv Cathartic. Tho wonderful things
jQ feHMQH»miMK»^CASCABETS do for mamas and their
M WF*fm£^* 1 Wui&$B babioa have become known through the
*l J?iy v words of those who have tried them,
a 'PW^ %L «1 sf^and so the sale is now over A MILLION
|# BOXES A MONTH. Mama takea a CAS-
¦1 5r l fc* r JS£iEP r O ABET, baby greto tho benefit. The sweet,"
ny 'VNhsE^*^ palatable tablet, eaten by the niarsinsr
3 i 3§P**^ mother, regulates her system, increases
1 \^*J' ' .her flow of milk, and makes her milk mild-
3 sff*^ V- " ly purgrative. Baby gets the effect di-
8 gl i luted and as part of its natural food:— no
i-J--' ! '^*- v -?-r? ' li^>»s_ violence — no danger — perfectly natural
£j '-^^*V^— ' results. No more sour curds in
i g < w^ J^ L baby's stomach, no more "wind colic,
i V^^j-^x / 'ay* \ cramps,' convulsions, worms, rest-
1 "'''¦'J)-T i5jC^*"-Tfe_ J less nights. All druggists, 10c, 25c,
| ,-' _jL "ilf '^jjS^^>^S 50c- Never sold in bulk. Genuine
a — . i v*(L -» x tablet stamped OOP.. Sample
1 *•-¦* m. wC" and booklet free. Address
I fee7,7xood^ T^Z Ji STERLING REMEDY CO.,
1 » Chicago or New York.
1 AISI '^y ' " ' ' ' ¦¦ I i I I i ¦¦iiiiiilMflllHii^^^
I ANNUAL SALE— TEN MILLION BOXES
-¦-:•;/,' ... Greatest In the World «?Thomas Dtintxe of the firm oi
Thomson. Duntze & Co.. New York.
Is apparently determine ,1 to keep Jo
seph Campbell Jr., their PaciSc Ccast
agent, in Jail as Ions a* he caa.
Campbell has been arrested on two
separate charges of felony eabeale
ment and released on bonds. Tester
day Duntze swore to two more war
rants for CaxaobeU's arrest before Po
lice Judge Fritz oa chaxges of felony
embezzlement. It Is alleged that oa
February 1, 1903. Campbell embez
zled six cases of champagne value! at
J1S0 and oh May 11, tweaty-threa
cases of champagne valued at $800.
Piling: Charges.
and Eddy streets.
Two three-story fiats will be built
F. L- Hansen on the south line or
Eddy street, to cost 115,000.
B. F. ;< Mulligan will build a $10,000
residence on the south line of Post
street. 2T:6 feet east of Octavia.
Mrs.- A. Kenning >will expend S2O.O0O
to build a. three-story frame building
on the southeast corner of Webster
A 520.000 residence will be built for
C- A. Shroth on the south line of Jack
son street, east of Octavla.
Herbert E. Law will begin to trans
form the Bishop property on Market
street, for which he paid.tl.000,000, into
a hotel not later than January 1, 1505,
and porslbly earlier.
John Weise will erect two four-storv
flat buidings on the southeast corner
of Page and Shrader streets, to cost
J30.000.
Mrs. J. L. Franklin will erect flati.
to cost J.15.000 on the southeast corner
yf JackEOn street and Presidio-avenue.
F. D. Marsh is buidir.g a residence at
the southeast corner of Jackson and
Locu«t streets to cost about $8000. M.
G. Bugbee Is the architect-
The auction excursion to Chicv.
which was postponed on account or
storm, will, as now announced by
Easton. Eldrldf/e & Co.. take place
on April «. The special train will leave
this city on the evening of April S and
will return on the morning of April 10.
The round-trip fare will be J5 40, with
an additional charge for sleepers of
$1 each way. The auction sale of lots
in the Humboldt addition to Chico will
be held on Saturday, April 9, In Ar
mory Hal!, Chlco. An entertainment
will take place in the hall In the even
ing.
Alexander Mackie, , for some years
auditor and accountant for J." D.
Spreckels Bros. & Co., has resigned his
position with that firm In order to en
gage in the real estate business. He
will act as agent for Holcomb, Breed
& Bancroft.
Properties -of the -L.mJYrig -^.lt^chul
estate will be auctioned to-morrow by-
G. H. Umbsen ft Co.
Easton, EUJrldge & Co. -will auction
city real estate next Tuesday. The
properties to be sold make up a lon^
and attractive list, representing many
sections of Han Francisco.
The land surrounding the Hotel
Ceneva, formerly the El Monte Hotel,
in Sausalitc, will be subdivided and
sold at auction on April 9 on the
grounds by Henry Stern of David
Stern & Sons. The transportation fa
cilities that have been improved by the
North Shore road make this tract very
desirable for residence sites, either
winter or summer.
avenue aad Taylcr street, tea y»ars f» IV5.0C0;
C. A. Z!nkand to ilr« E. Dcwninic. store al
923 Market street, five years for 41S.Sf*>: Claus
SpreckeU to Mr*. S. E. J'r.r.*--. 1KXJ Market
ftreei. three years fsr tt^.WO; Market-street
Ccmpar.y to D. Hallahan. ttcte at 771 as! 773
Market street, three, years fcr $36#»; Market
street Company to E. E. H?«se, «cre al 7S3
Market street, two years for H2.06D.
No further written te«« will b« »»=? eat Irszt
the Ssp«ri=*e=ii=f 1 cf.".;* i^risx th!» y**r.
Aiter the ilarca -. a :*-.: :r. as era! «xa.=t=aUca
of the first u the ft-^rta «^-ai»». lac^islf*. ia
arlthaietic win te, ccatScctecJ ty tie iepsiiea.
Pleas* #»nd Jasitcra to lie Sup#rJr.tra-!eai's
«f!!c« cr. i: r.--!i> ifttmooa. ilarcn Zl. :r> ?•-
cure quest!oas tnr <xaS3tnatkn» ir» atit*Tine<?c
and spelling. Tfce «x3x:nation in ar:thn»ettc
la for grade* Bv» xo eijht. Inclosri-*. an«l ts
to t« ?;v»- la tis« tensors cf T'j'esiJjr. N. . -
23. Tbe ••sarnlsatipn l» -.-'•-- is f»r ;-..-¦«
ere te elx^t. t^clus!ve. and is t» be ;.-.-¦ ia
tie afrercocn of T-jes-loy. Marrb 22.
Prtacipal* will - r»: 1-- ter» . ; ;¦•* ¦ . • - 13
r»c«rrarty tar r«<-h of trie gr»-J»» ' fTcin "."Sa
fifth to the 'Ijiti. !s;:uji!T#. TKe cumiu
tiTa ta cecxr»rhrtwi:! be r'*eri Marcii Zt a»1
tha cj-2S»tieiis # tcsether with th« reocr&s eb
taisei ta tt? enrsJcatJcn. will b* sent ta
cfSce d th» S«p«rtat»i»4»at. Tea wi;i ai»o «t
the saxse lliae »er:i tbe wrltt«a P-aper of t??9
No. 1 papil. cf tb- No. 1 pupil, cf tbe N-% 1*
pap'.:, of ti* par:* cf tS* k*w»n ¦«»^-»7~g ;a
the ¦nr:! 1 ..-:.
blanks wt:i cecessita'.e th»ir return f-r c-rr»*
tJoo. Ttes« LLanJu frcy«r!y Clied uai snouid
t* r«tyir.ed to tS;» stcrerocta at »nc*- a:rf :a ct»
exsa Uter than Taur*iay. March Zt.
fortable quarters for the club, including
a general reading or lounging room, a
dressing-room, an office and a lunch
room. Refreshments will be served In
the club rooms by dumb-iralter ser
vice. Plans and estimates for the
necessary alterations have been made,
and the work of fitting up the rooms
for our own uses will be begun imme
diately."
The expectation Is that the formal
openfng of the club will take place on.
April ?. That i» the date set. "The
initial jinks." in the language of a cir
cular dated March 10. "will be held Sat
urday eveninp. April 2. Keep that even
ing open. There will be something do
ing."
There are €00 University of California j
men who are expected to join the Unl- |
versity of California Club. More than
S00 have already enrolled themselves!
as members.
LIST OF MEMBERS.
The list of members as it stood last
evening was as follows:
AH»n Anderson. Benjamin Ide Wheeler, J.
A. Brittca. George C. P«rde<». C. W. Slack. R-
J. Taut?:*. C. P. Wht»ler. P. C. Torke. W. D.
Ann**, F. H. Meyer. C. M. Gayley. C. U Cory.
H. H L«u«hbrtdf?*. J. -B. Landfle'.d. W. B.
Lewf.t. C. von Hoffman. J. M. IVirUamscn. ]
Martin R««*n»b»r(rer. M. C. Flaherty. John
Fr*y?r. M. W. Ha»ke!l. E. A. Hersharn. E.
O'NeiiL E. N. Proutr. G. F. B«lnhardt, H. M.
Stevens. H. de H. Waite, J. R. Glascock.
Frank Otis. D. E. Cclllss. J. R. Prie*. S. C.
Sheelln*. W. W. Van Ara!a!e. John G«»». G.
W. Pierce. T. P. Woodward. C. K. Bonestell.
A. D- d'Accona. G. B. d« Golia. N- Frank. T. |
Gray. E. A. Kix. C Mastlck. S. Stern. Harold |
Bnifnn. C. U. ShainwaJd. C. W. Wlikin*. A.
M AmtUcr.g B. Bienenfleld. J. L. Critten- 1
den, D. S. Doro. C. A. Edward*. C Pa!je. W. |
B Cop*. T. Grady. E. N. Harnion. A. Ruef. !
A. Thome. J. H. Pcnd. E. S. Heller. A. G.
Eells. E. A. HcwartJ. J. K. Mcffitt. P. 5.
¦W'oolsey. K- C. Easton. M. E- B'jnchirt.
Thomas Rlfkard. J. P. Booth. G. Storey. C. E.
Holsae*. G. R. Laken*. D. Btoney. I* H. Ja
cob*. W. Olney Jr.. Rosa Moncan. F. D.
Browne, I. Vf. Hellrnaa Jr.. A. G. Lar.?. A. C
Pait. J. S. Patrld«. E. J. Prirsfle. E. D. Sun
wood. I>. rte F. Eartlett. A. Lachman. Albert
Adiey. C. W. Back. F. A. Denlcke. E. 1. Dyer.
A. Newman. Myrcn VTaU, TV. H. Gorrtll. C.
H. Woclsey. W. O. ?mlth, C. H. Howard. A.
F. Asard. F. L. B»sh. J. T. O'Connor, T. A.
Perkins. T. R. Keiley. R. F. Nouses, G. J. Me
Cheney. E. O. Allen. G. W. Bau*r. F. E. Ma
gee. M. E. Cerf R- T. Crawford. X. K. Dar's.
J. D. Hatch. W. C Jursens. M. S. Hamilton.
B. P. Miller R. Newman. J. M. Owene. B, B.
Phelp*. A. L. Weil. W. C. Voorsanjter. C. R.
Weymcctb. W. R. Sherer. J. J.. GallaRber. M.
J. Meyer. C. «'. Boyton. G. {?. Evans, J. llab*r
Jr.. P. R. Thayer. H. E. Harrl*. U Root A.
Baer. H. CUyinirfh. R. L. Ixgan. J. JJ.
Mannon. J. A. McOee. M. Nevmark. W. C.
p;<fjre. W. 5. Doirninir. J. Abraham. F. W.
Altken. L. Amateln. F. G. Athearn. P. Cautel
hun. A. J. Cloud, R. H. Collins, J. 1.. trtbert.
J. K. H^cht. C. E. Miller. I. J. Muma. L*
Eliiell. XV. C. Crsydcn. A. J. Woclsey J. J.
Mat-p«. E. W. Arnold. O. F. Wet terfeld. • O. O.
Brehrn, K. A. I>crety. A. F. Ryfkestel. H. A.
L. Koyficcirel. S. C. UeU. U. G. Masters. D.
Spencer. Robert B^Ich«r. U Breltenitein. M. H.
tJovert. II. W. Bailey. H. F. Munaon. II. H.
Patterson. A. \\. Tates. G. W. KavanacKh, I.
Le!>«-Rbaum. E. T. Fcrd. E. Barurh. G. R.
PtrkJmt. E. M. Hussey. 15. C Walker. A.
I,and*.berg»r. T. C. Datton. A. H. Markwart.
C A. Pauson, H. S. Gilbertson. H. T. SteA-en*.
R. H. McCarthy. H. H. North, W. F. Bar
bank, isanf.ord Klrenbaum. E. L.. Taylor. J. J.
fienton. Blum. O. W. MerrJtt H. E.
Scott. J. (i. Sharp. L- Van Orden. F. W. Harn
den. W. F\ Nelman. R. U. Oliver. A. M. Ktdd.
H. 1^. Ra>rauju>en. R. W. Simonds, A C.
f-kalfe. M. H. White. O. Wolf. E. A. Dlckson, 1
E. M. Hecht. B. P. Kurtr. J. Uchteniteln. J.
E. MeCormlrk. O. R. Mortran, Charles K.
Mo*er. M. H. Fchwartz. J. H. Stelnhart. A.
Adler, F. K. Dakin Jr.. J. M. Esaetcian. U S.
Gear. E. E. K»ye». J. McrUrity. C. G. Noble
A- W. Perry. R. W. Ritchie. G. H.' Tanbles, i
H. L.. Rothschild, S. It. Danoenbacrn, J. A. j
Gendottl. E. M. Otis. P. F. Dunne. E. B. |
Tours;, J. R. Altken. H. IT. Brandeattein. W.
RothschlM. E. J. Mott. W. M. Anderson, E.
E. Baumelcter. H. L. Meager, S. D. Block, F.
H. Dani, P. A, SSnshelmer. . .•• . .
SCHOOL EXHIBIT
IS ON DISPLAY
Superintendent Langdon In
vites Public to Inspect
the Work of Many Pupils
»
Superintendent of Schools Langdon
yesterday issued a circular inviting
principal*, teachers, pupils, parents
and the public generally to inspect
during Monday. Tuesday and Wednes
day of next week at the offlce of the
Superintendent in the City Hall the
exhibit that is to be sent to the St-
Louis Expedition. The circular also
contains the following instructions to
principals and teachers:
A voluatary nwtinr ef Cr»t grid* t*aeh«r«
to discuss methods of reading "»:'.' b« held In
tbe sri e rice room cf the !!:«« 03 High School
on Wednesday. March 14. at 3:13 p. m. A
voluntary m*-»t:-« for lBstruvticn in t>.» use
of water eolsr will be held at tb« LJacola
Schort en Thursday. March 2V at 3:45 p. a.
Tbe roluntary m*«Us?s scheduled In circular
12. for April U. 19asd 21. will be £e!d in roca
35«J. City Hall. Tbe ToJuntary nj**tt2« of April
12. Is for «!xth. seresth and »!rh:h grades, and
will be b£ld at the Ml*s!oa High School in the
science room. There wiU be m. voluntary zaeet
irr of rrarr.rr;ar school principals en Wednes
day. March 23. at 3:45 p. m.. la the science
roca of the Mixslcn H'.zh School to ce^ider
th» t»mchin? of grammar in the gmits. Prtaci
pals may Invite inch of tie-.r teachers as de
sire to attend.
Please re<jae*t Janitors to call at tie strre
rocm on Tuesday. March 15. to secure census
blanks. Instruct your Janitors as to the dusi
ber required for use la tfce school ender your
Jurisdiction. Please ensphat'.ze the necessity
cf bavin; the names and addresses of parent
or ruardiaa en each black. This e««»vial la
of the uuno«t lsiportaace asd Its omisfion on
In a circular letter that was sent out
to graduates of the University of Cali
fornia and ethers who are eligible to
membership in the University of Cali
fornia Club some details were furnished
concerning: the accommodations to be
supplied. "The rooms," so. sets forth
the committee on organization, of
which James P. Booth is chairman,
"will be remodeled to afford very corn-
Among those who are already inter
ested in the future of the University
of California Club as members are
Governor George C- Pardee. Lieutenant
Governor Alden Anderson, President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, members of the
present faculty of the university and a
large representation of the several
classes that have been graduated.
Plans have been made completely fcr
the remodeling of tbe interior of the
quarters to be occupied by the club.
All that can be provided for the com
fort of tbe members has been designed
on a generous scale. Now that the
lease is concluded and the actual loca
tion and immediate activity of the club
are thereby assured, the work of mak
ing the needed and extensive improve
ments will proceed without any delay.
ISSUE A LCTTER.
There is no longer any doubt that the
| University of California Club will soon
\ be a factor in the sodaJ and e-Jucation
| al life of Saa Francisco. Tbe club has
| now a lease for* a terra of years from
| H. P. Sonntagf of the upper floors of his
: building at the southeast corner cf
j Geary and Powell streets. This lease
j was formal!;- concluded yesterday.
; President A. J. CJoud and Secretary
• Frank W. Altksn for the club signed
: a ch?ck for the required money yester
{ day afternoon at Mr. Sonntag's office.
. The University representatives were In
i happy mood, for they reaJized that the
[ University of California Club will fur
\ nish a great rallying point for the men
! who have been concerned directly In
; the fortunes of the gTeat Institution of
i learning at Berkeley. Secretary Altken
j had in his possesion at the time that
. the Jea*e was signed a list of the prea
¦ ent membership of the new club, which
: attested to its solid character.
Orgiinizatiou Starts Career
With a 3Iciiiber>liip Ifoll
. of 200,'Headed bv Governor
There !s no change In the general sit
juatica as t*i&.v£s local real estate. The
. ili:mz.ziA Tor smaller prcx>crties remains
%erj- ttrorj. Auctions tern out wel*.
j n:ost c* the c.Terizgs t»e:ac disposed of
! and the prices tre considered by ih«
I severs to be satisfactory. Tie rr.ovt
j , rr.ez.l in the Richinond and S:mset dis
tricts and e.lzj ia other outlying sec
tions of the city is as decide! as
1 ever. In fact, the icterest is Increas
ing. A bulidinj boom is. residences is
j • In i>r egress wi;heut much bting said
¦ about it, for the reason that the ares. !
cc\ered is larg^e. Any one that ay 'II take i
: tbe tr^ntle to board the cars and rile!
over z.'.\ secUoca cf the ciiy v.-iil &scer- ,
t£ia \;hat faith the people at large j
have in local real estate. There could j
be no stronger object lessen ncr one of ;
greater value to the i>erson that is con- j
¦ Eiderins the wisdom of making his ¦
home in San Franc-lsco.
Recent sales are reported a« follows j
; by tne Bumhtm &. ilarsh Ccmp«any:
East :iie cf VTe biter «trs*t. 140 icti aaatb j
c-f f.z.t. .rt iTxUT:6. with six £au. rent^:5 ]
Tcr Ilfcj a =:t=ti. lien Jacob Claus* to T. A- !
Hiiie. Tit <L3.«CC; Set ca norta Use (.1 Laie J
»tr»«t. €1 5^et eajEt cf E.gsth area-ae. 32:txT2 I
' feet ior tlTUi. Jnr: M. S. BuJlara to F. S. j
Earixr; lit cc -..;•. V.~* cf Flfirrajre ttrttt, {
, lT:-5 scrtH cf EC. j. r>:?xl» feet, frcsi *•*. j
To«.!*s to t>* fierce R9doi«d> iSczr.i*.~y. for
: f : "• ¦ Jet ca th« i-oith «:d« oi S*vciit»»ijta
Btivct. 2&j *»«t r-^t of 3i:«aio=. fr>=s Briiset
' Ci:2crt ti Rtv. f. L. iltliy. for >1*.:<O; !?• oa
: the Kcrth«:i»-. czrz.tr oi tr*:»», ar.i J<3=.t»
¦ «:r-»t. Ux" :C. to S. D. Sslcvz'.zs. fcr *J ¦ ¦
Through the aspacy of Kooker &. j
Lent the William B. Bonn property, j
, en East street. 91:1 feet northr.est of S
Mission, has been sold to a client for j
' J100.CO5. The lot is 45:10xli7:G feet- It
has u^jn it & thrce-stcry brick buUd- |
ing tiiat rents for $5W on lease. The
sarr.e brokers rernsrt the sale of the fol
lowing additional properties:
I^r: SCx.S7:S. a=4 i=Fr3Tes:«:M. cr. the a:rth
tii* cf nuta . atrc-n. ¦SZM eart cf cteiner. to
l>avid Cohs. fcr %SZ-Ou-. Ic>t SSxlCO. en th« east
. «*de cf Ljxo »tr**f. 1W> fe«-t north of Mc-
Allitter. fcr fj».X>; let Z*xlli, cxd Improv*
rcerta. at SI 5 Elisabeth itre*t. tor N. P.
N«lset» tj W. E. Yc-usi. fcr S2*»>; let 3«jx
, 13T:«. cs the «e*t %:U cf Po:* str««t. 1^
ftct Berth o.' Fill*n, to ilarr E. Hea!*y. Tor
; $220; lot SC-xlii feet, acd hou»». at ilil
T*-»=tr-foorUi *tr»«. fcr WXO.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold
the property adjoining tbe residence of (
Charles S. Wheeler, on the north line
of Washington ctreet. between Mason j
. and Spruce streets, for $1^.009. The lot i
I is €2:€xl27:S-4 feet in size. The pur- )
chaser will erect a handsome residence, j
BUYERS AND PRICES.
Bovee. Toy & Co. have sold 30x6*: 6
' fe«t aji-2 & three-story and basement
brick building on the east line of Polk
street. 20 feet south of Pine, for Mary
Orpecheimer to a client for $2*,«0.
They haAe also sold 27:5ri*nO feet on
Che fast line of Broderick street. 1JT:?U j
; feet north of Sacramento, with im
provements that bring in 51C* a month, j
' for I1C.0Q0. There are three fiats oa the
lot. The buyer is Anna S. Craddock.
Center &. Sr>ader have sold 143x100
• feet on the eut line of Guerrero street,
between Twenty-third and Twenty- <
¦ fourth streets, for J1S.0W. Other sales ;
; by the same brokers are three lots Sn
the block bounded by Eryant. York.
Twentieth and Twenty-first streets tu
buyers who will bufld; two lots in the
block bounded by Treat avenue, Fol
scrn, Nineteenth and Twentieth streets,
making eight lots cold recently in that j
block at prices ranging from $1650 to
51500 each; lot 24x100 feet on the east
line of Walter street, between Duboce j
avenue and Fourteenth street, and two j
lots en the west line of Fair Oaks i
street, 100 feet north of Twenty-fourth, j
to Thomas Kerr for $2<XK>.
Chatfieid & Vinzent report the follow- J
ing city sales:
For tfc* Ciiapa* R':bb«r *=•! Plantation Cozn
' parr to Charie« J. Rju**«a.u. lot 5">xU£ feet
oa th* east *M» fi Htanyaa »?r»*t. 75 te*t
' K»th of Btulah. for IW»>: H. L>. C»verfle!'l to
ft*r>8 Clarke, let on the r.orthe»« corner of
Cacraiaenta atwl Walnut streets. 27:S^ix>»7;6,
for tVSf/r. Fr*«i Crans:«r to Tbonai F. C"h»t
fi*!J i?t 2Sxl?0 ttet. ca the e*jt Use of
¦ T»»=t!eth avtuce. 'Z(*t fe*t icuth of H street.
PCA is'i S. C. tn4 Victor Wizfrey to E. S.
FoT.tou. Iv. ZlxUZ feet on the *»_st lln« of
' Sixth avenue. 75 feet Berth of Huso street.
! for $33t«.
THE PARK REGIOX.
Lyon & Hoag repon the following
; ea!« made in the last ten days:
Th- Baird ertat* to Ar.na M. Binning. K:6x
TS7&. (3 the north line of UaSsbt street, luu
:*«t eat cf Atfcbury. JJ1.00O; i*. J. LKifTy to
Jetsie E. Ma!!!et. icxl'j7:<J en tht wett side
; rf stiryaa ttrcet. lJ'* f-.uth o: Carl, for
*.>*¦<••: to Thotnai Hancock i mm the BaiM
ettatc. 60x137:4 on the tcruth tide of li <:.-:.:
1 rtreet. 175 feet tt*t of Ashbury. for «54<>>;
Bay District Laed CblB9Ut]> to L. L Berger
tad O- A. Llndrren. on the ea»t side
of Tttrd avenue. '.-> fe»t ncrth of A strew*.
?IDOtf; Bay DUtrtct L*s4 Cotn;*ny to Chtrles |
Dennlnper. K-.OxlOi en the northeast turner of
Fourth srcBsa and A rtreet. S4K"); to R. l".
R*14 for P. J. McGafflcar., 21x127 :¦ en th«
s^-nth side of Jaek*en street. COO fe»t west of
?2WX>: Realty lnjpro\ - e-nent Onapany
ta Le\-i F«f< Moulton. 50x100 on th» scatbeast i
ccrner of I>rbr>ce avenue an<i Dei-Jsader'j j
«r«t: al*o the key lot frcrtlsit on Dei-j«ad*ro |
>.rreet. y»x*2. JF*^*t; Jo«*i)hJr.e r>isp«ttr
to Oar Heytran, 25xS2:« eti tfc« «a« line of i
Alploe rtr«*t. 25 feet north of Duboc« avea«. 1
fcr *l"'-: Mr. Heyman resoM the lot a few •
dar« later to J. H. Jordan for (175O: Xellie !
K. fasttli bousht Ircm A. C B»i~le. 25x115, on
tbe east line of Sooth BrodericJc street, 101
f«*t north of Fccrteenth. fcr fl&60: TV. c.
Larson to Jajsef P. Donahue, lot en tbe «M.st
line cf Alo'.ne street, 00 feet zwrth of Duboce
avenue, for ?1650. ' ¦.-'' .¦* '•¦
Sales have been closed by R. D.
Cranston & Sons during the last week
as follows:
X resWer.ce ccctainlnj 12 irons* and bath,
en the easterly line of Muontc avenue, 13t>
feet sooth of Hai;ht ttreet, th* lot being £Jx '
125. for Adolph «n4 Eitnon B!»y of Hermo
rtllo. Mexico, to i. W. Keyrton: two lots. 5i>x j !
137:« on tbe south side of Itai^ht street. 1&5:3 i
the east
of Mc-
Cruelly Treated His Dog.
Captain W. S. Overton of the Pre
sidio swore to a warrant before Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday for the ar
rest .; of ''John Doe" and -"Richard
Roe," deputy poundkeepers, on a
charge of cr-_Mty to animals. He said
that he and his wife were driving in
a bugjry'on Van Ness avenue Fri
day afternoon and his St. Bernard dog
was following the buggy. The •— o
deputy "poundkeepers tried to throw
a net over the dog and he jumped out
of the bug?y and' remonstrated with
them, informing them that he-had a
license for the dotr." but they kept
throwing the | net at the ; animal, in
juring it to such an extent that it
was unable to walk yesterday.
. ife*t wtmt «• ytzxxlc *v«sse. for ii* Bali*
• fit*-* :o TTsc=iM Kiacc^i; tl»« vnr<t»s«z
! > jww ifc* *iy>i-zu±z I* *»*t *»3 flASi i*> baiH
& j tx aivc» five *tor»s ccTerice tbe entire iroat
' t i=f : *:*» Icr Mrs. O»*r!ctt« A. Jon*«. two
. J a-«!*rj Sals or six »ti s*v«a r<jt=i» «=<S bath.
,u: t£« »««*ris" liae t£ Ailibary stxert. 57rf»
k; *«i sooti c: P«x^ t-" lit fc*l=c rt:Cx57:«.
1 : ta >Ir«. o:*«a* Escles; fcr Freimcic aad
j Lc^s* M. Ectjs cf Lcs Aa?«>s to Sptrry W.
- ', rr» .Jr.. ic.t c-3 th« KHiU»<*sterlr Use of Asb
; &™T **rttt, SJ:« feet iiarch«an«r!r fms Six
•J taratfki a>:axlf2:»; acrlhiriEt cora-er cf S^n
. j cfcrr *.->d Fasrrve«3th «r««ii. SsxlOO. fcr Au
¦ j r=rr=s J. R«r.!c»3 to J. Looter- It la e«nala
> ; ihs: th* ;'irc£*ar wUl ira;ryre the froperlr
. ; is th» =e»r r=tvre. Tb- rrj-le cf t-c:: i:r e prc
: rv*ei is :i*t sr?«lly cml «t nwat for cer
j r-«-ri. b*j^»s » rtc-rc ib4 five T-at». frnj»rovf
[ ' =cntr 10 cw. abcut ?15.OO0l Tat same brok
• <:n. h*}» t-'.Vi s»-.!<J a :-< cr. IVLonr evtcsf.
• ; =«r rrrftrtrk «trr«t. to J. J. fTXeill. »to
fj «i:i t«Otf Cat! their-. a 10 cwt aVact J3f*3O.
• Sales have been effected by Henry
, Stern of E2\id Stem i Sons as foi
; I Pror*rtr ca the »et: lia* «; L-\;«-i»ro
; *tr^t :->3 r«t Kreth of W«»htagtaa, »osth
t aum .rcrr. Jchn Ttter* to O«srr« T7. W1IJ
! :«ni fcr ?^».*>; !« oa th* Berth ::as cf Grcve
; rtmt.^115 f«ei «*yt of Brc-i trick **at 2ixI3T:6
1 « rr i^ *??2P * V - V * I"'-*=> to Jcis P«ttr» 1m
, Sv/'J: ;ct.a If. I»f'ij=*n to Mart?a» & CcSry,
{ »rchl:«rts. let ca the «xr.k»*it e^tser c* Wal
• -tr *sd i-irai»r rtrrttt. S2xlCX for *S7Sd:
f xs«r^r Stem *r.d ethers to G. J. D*ta, Jot oa
] the Eonb«£it ctretr of Srvecweath «3<I Voe
I SfSSJ; :^ xS1 :fl - tr - T nzXA: O. 3. Blcadell to
. fJcfciiTern E-'tatt Ccs-.renr. let cs ti« aorta
J U=« cf F^ltcn i:r«-. «2t, fe*t we , t tA^-jna.
I w«r. ST^kUa fx- XC500; S. W. raUer t» EUa
j A. R?h:?r«. lot ess tie tooth I!ae -of Frederick
I *tr«r. ~* ;e*t w^rt of TrecicEi- aTtsue, wen
j 5"x:«. fcr *~ttC4; prcperty belocglas to tte
Har*« *«•.*:•. en the • rorth Bee of ' FEtica
«:r*ct. n*a.r ?7:^il3T:<;. lye *5OC«i. to
Hr. StrSTt: lot on tbe ¦ north lin« 'of PoJtcn
•U^t. war Firrt aven-se. Dr. J D. WHUon to
M. Bested. Ic: 2jil^:*!. fcr $SA0.
NEAR THE OCEAS.
Sol Getz & Son report the follow
| ing sales:
Lct.€2:€il!«. on t<;rt!:»«5t earner cf Forty- j
r.inth-»venB« bo-j!eTard msd M tti**t, ta A. '
I W<r.<i ? f er «."."« ; lot. 23x3«; on eait line of !
I Forty- Cinta-avesae boulevanj, «7:6 feet *~utl»
! cf K «;re*t. to C. H. Koelm-fce for J175O;nol.
20xir0. en «a*t tine oC EHeventh aveoae. 25» 1
fe*t acre!: of Point I>cbcs avena* to J. Will- !
. latr* fcr «1OCC; lot. ltCxlOO. on nortieaat cor- j
tier of B itreet and Fcrty-ilxth avenge, to i
W. R. Bocr=* fcr IIOCO; lot. 125x100. ca rath
lice of U str»*:. 57:6 fe*t west of Fcrty
fo-jrth &ve=ae. to I. Ctap»Il» fcr $500; Jet.
7Sxl2S. with ircf.-r'-YeTr.ientJ. on icuth Use of J
Montana *tr»*t. 225 f«r»t west «3f Piymoath |
arenu*. to Martha A. .*.-:.->;•. for *90O; lot, !
SfixlSO. ca rsst !:=.« r-f Fortj--n!nth-aTe=ue !
bots!evar<J. 187:0 f«*t «&th of K *:r»e:. to !
Oc^aa Boclevanl In:r-n/%-es:eat C«aj«ny for J
92tf«: lot. 75rl5>>,.cn west Mn» of Forty-sixth ,
aveatie. 125 fe*t oenh of N ttreet. to R. L. J
Ktrattca fcr %'Zff. Int. 2Sxl2O. cc east li=e of '
Twelfth ev«:u». ISO feet rortfa of t. rtre-t, |
to Ge</!xi? HibMBs; let. 23xl«X». on rcrth line I
S ;f I rtre»t, fc2:« feet east of ceveate»c«h are- |
i not le Mrs. J. J. Mahcaey.
I Sol Getz & Son have bought from .
j T. G. Crothers a block of land in the
I Oceanside district fronting -on the ¦
! park between Forty-fifth and Forty
(sixth avenues and adjoining their'
tract recently graded. Jhe firm will j
put this block on sale immediately in [
subdivisions. A large number of res- ¦
| ider.ces has? been erected on Iot3 sold •
I by S-jI Getz & Son in f.ie last year. !
j this district "with its attractions of ;
j ocean and park finding great favor
I with the peorle as a residence portion. :
Sa.les have been made by B. Get* '
as follows:
Isa IpCi125 en tbe oortb line at Thrift etreet. j
ZdO fe«t «2tt of Plyjnouth aveaue. to Fre4- I
er-.rk Stc^resi lot 25x100 ca the couth line of
West Ptrk »-trett. ISO feet w«t ef Mission
«tr»«t. to El>a Crcnln: lot 25x100 on the »octh
j line -f V.v»- Park street. 1-5 f«et west' cf
j Mitriii «!recc tu Gr>rre Fe!U: lot MxlIO ca
! the ww llae of Fcrty-flfth arecae. IZto feet
vrnh cf K street: Set V*\V> oa the wen line j
cf Forty-Sm aveau?. 2"O feet *</ath of X f
»tr»«t to Jcseuh T. Batler; lot r/>xl25 ba the !
tcrtb' Itr.e cf Thrtft «tr»et. ISO 'feet ea.rt it i
Plrraouth rvecue, to Pierre Mayaannave: lot j
Mntl23 ma th* n«-rtb line of II T.:ar.a street, j
2i<> feet <a« ef Oriiata etre*t. to Harry Lor- ,
catwc; !et HixlfO en tfie e*»t tine of Fcrt}- I
eighth av»nue. 125 feet north of L. «'.reet. to
Eirth* J. Koebackc; lot 25xl2» on the e«Jt line
j of Forty-eirhth avenue, ISO feet north of L.
I «tr»et. to G*orKe Wepeijer; l«rt 5Cxl2O on the
i «»a»*. Une of Forty-eiehth avenue. 275 feet
louih r>t K street, to Jarces Gla#ifortJ; lot
J 2ixlW crt the ncrthmes; tee of Atheai street.
100 f»*t cart~»&»t cf Persia avtn»»e. to T. R.
I Tlllatan; let 23xlO> oa the scutheast line of
ILcndoR "treet 125 feet northeast cf Brazil are
nue. t-» L*tla A. V.'oodh'niet : lot JOxlCO en the
t *a«t 1'ze of Korty-elghth avenue, 17S feet
j north cf I« rtreet. to L'lrich Renjeasperxer:
j lot 25x100 en t v -e north line cf K «ireet. 65
feel east cc T»=th avesue, to E- E. Arra
nrorg; let 25s75 t^> tht north corner of Per
f!a cvtace end Madrid street to Benjansia F.
Crtmch: let Vixll*) on the ea»t lice of Klne
teenth averoe. 175 f^et north of J «re*t. to
Eajr*ne <I» Marals; lot 25xl2O on the west
llo* of Twelfth a\enue. 225 feet south cf I
«tre<?t. with Imnroven3*nt«. from McGee tt.
CaafieM to Henry B. I-Uter; lot £0x120 oo tbe
cast line ef Forty-fourth avraue. ICO feet north
rf K *tp»»t. to Pauline E. To*me«; lot 25xlC>>
on the sonth line of O street, 107:6 feet east
of Forty- tiir<l rtrtet. to Slaud B. Rodgers;
l*t 25x120 en the tan line of Xinth avenue.
150 Z-et nortS of I street, to Catherine Fran
.--*¦'h'ri: lot £2x100 on the northwest line of
Edinburgh strtet. ICO feet northeast of Persia
awcue. to Perry J. Smith;- lot 35x130 oa th«
e»*t line d Fcrty-€irhth avenue. 250 feet !
south of K atrcet, to Mar>' M. Cazatt.
Chatfleld & VInzent have sold the i
old W r hite Sulphur Springs resort, two
miles from St. Helena, Xapa County,
for the Security Savings Bank. It Is I
reported that a syndicate will fit up j
the property. With the resort prop- !
erty 600 acres of land were sold. The
price and purchaser are not given out.
ChatSeld & Vinzent have also sold the
Soda Bay property In Lake County,
with frontage of three miles on the
vrater. The seller is _R. Wylie. The
j buyer is T. \V. Claugh.
The follotrirs recent sales are re
| ported by G. H. Umbsen & Co.:
For T.. £. Ch«^er, south line of Haignt «t,
| JC1:3 »?ast of gteiner. east «hcI29 to Laa>iat
I tveca*. and improvements eonsizticg of stores
I Jind flats. »2r..c«*>; for Joseph H«s». east line
of Soott street. 100:1K north of Pace. 24-llUx
\r-a.r,. for *WjO: for Mr». J. K. Kennedy. 25-3x
127:%vj. »ith ImprovementB. south line cf Jack
tea ttreet, 1*1 east of Webster. $4S«0rt; for C
J. Barron, .V/xC£:« to rear street, »e*t lint of
Stockton «trtet. 75 ncrth of Francisco. U00O;
for Krar.k I. Barrett. lnspr«>vera«nt* and lot 25x
1C<> on north line of Pine street. 125 east of
Central avenue, S2CCO.
Speck & Co. report the sale of 3 Ox I
97:6 feet on the west line of Polk |
street, 30 feet south of O'Farrell, with !
frame buildings containing stores and
i lodging-rooms, for Henry Mohr to a
J client for SI 5. 000.
Antonie Keonlg has bought 30x137:6
1 feet on the south line of Post street,
137:6 feet east of Leavenworth street!
adjoining other property owned by
him. He paid $24,750 for the 30x137:6
feet.
Oscar Heyman reports that he haa
sold the following properties:
Cottage on the northwest line - of McGill I
street. 200 feet northeast of Mcuat Vernon. to I
Max Rie*e:s for *185O; cottage on the south
jMe of Day street. 52:9 east of X«. to Robert
E. Hancock for 12450: cottage on th« ea»t I'.ae
cf *erm<5nt street, 125 feet north of Twecly
«ixth. to William II. Wlna for $3rxX>: lot 50x
120 feet on the iouthweat line of £erlln street.
112:.» northwest cf Wayland. to A I*. Plantx '
for *e00: lot 25x130 feet on the west Une of •
Korty-stxth arenoe. 15O feet tsorth of J street. I
to Mt*a J. Glenale for |500. i
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report that they •
have effected the following leaxes:
Schrcth & Westerfield to Pare Sc Falch.* the '
ground floor at the northwest corner of Turk i
sad Mix-r. nr»e:« for flv« years for f 10 O0O- '
J. L. Uerset to Harry HIntcn. upper floor at !
No. 1 Taylor street for five year*. $7200; Claw ;
spreckcU to Louli M. Glei>chen. store at ZVJ <
Market ttreet. %l«,W); D. Hallahar. to J .
Smith. *tore at 77.1 Market street, thre* yeara !
for *:.".:;<«; Claus Spreckels to Wickham Lut- '
wrn *c Co..' tlve years for • $27A<m-. Johanna '
BUich to w: G. Wbeelock and Mtrr U. Whe" J
Kcl^ southeast corner of Larkfn and Wajhins- '
ton streets, five year* fcr &TQ.00U; J." D Grant '
•« H»r*«.t. nnnhweat corner cf Goldea Oatt i
LETTER OF INVITATION
\ University of California
Graduates Take Step That
, Assures Them Social Home
Wide Distribution of City's improvements Shows
Strong Confidence That Ail Classes Entertain.
Details of Realty Deals for Week Just Closed
LEASE ROOMS
FOR A CLUB
HOME BUILDERS ARE COVERING
ALL SECTIONS WITH RESIDENCES
THE 'SAX FRAN-CISCO CALL'. SUXDAV. MARCH IS. 1904.
26
I i
Odd tits of furniture caa be \
bonght cheaply — furnish flats j
and hocses, too.
Bargains daily ta our i'LR-
XTTURE FOR SALE columns.
ADVEBTISEaiEKTS. _^_
SALEatSLOANE'S
For Tliis Week Only,. Disposing at Remarkable Redactions
LACE CURTAINS
In one, two and toe pair lots— Arabian, Battenberg, Irish Point,
i'nslin and Cbny.
5 2.00 re:cc2d to $1.50 pa" pair $12.00 reduced to $8.00 par pair
5 5 50 reduced to $4.00 per pair / $18.00 rednced to $12.00 per pair
51L00 rednced to $7.35 per pair $22.50 reduced to $18.00 per pair
PORTIERES
$4 20 rated to $3.00 per pair $10.75 reduced to $7.75 per pair
$7.50 reduced to $5.00 per pair $1400 reduced to $10.00 per pail
I COUCH COVERS
$5.50 reduced to $4.25 $9.00 reduced to $7.00
$3 00 rednced to $6.00 $12.00 reduced to $9.00
Marked Reductions on Furniture for Hall, Library, Parlor,
Dining-Room and Bed-Room ; also Oriental and Domestic Ru|3
SALE CLOSES SATURDAY, MARCH 19tn
SLOANE5
114-122 POST STREET
Worse than \
A THUG J
for some people j
Coffee Hurts i
Then wise ones «
Drink
Postvm GoKccj
ADVEBTIS'RTVrENTSL
gJcjJK S^ 5 5 l^ C °^ C ouse^°'^> f° r without
$lA B&d£. ' *' no a PP' ncss caa be complete. Hot»
S^ ttt& If sweet the picture of mother aad babe,
Ib mVBw ¦ mgyp angcU 6mile at and commend tho
¥^Bt m gg^ gg thoughts and aspirations of the mother
frfa J2 fiH HT bending over the cradle. The ordea! through
ul||a ftp which the expectant mother must pass, how-
S K9 cvcrf " fuI * of dan g er and su5erii:g that
she looks forward to the hoar when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the parts, and' *'
and without pain." Sold at $1.00 per pB{&|PIAi^
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless |[7 EO? \\ VL MsM Nil
value to all women sent free Address IP B^t I IP |ri§l fj M
BRADFtELD REGULATOR CO.. Alt Mat*, da. M UOBfiBHUS9
¦ — j.
ORDER ]ROR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK,
Uatl This Ort«x to Xh« S&a msi Uco CxU VtUi T3*.
Tbe San Francisco Call.
San Francisco. Cxt:
Inclosed herewith plea»e find ;«/. (or which tesd c« oa*
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cooh Boar. (Fxi'.j
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sandav paper, and the additicaa! 35c U
to prepay shipping charges./
SIGNEr ; <
STREET ...".
city !!!!!!!!!!!!!!™
STATE .... !"""^"1]"*™ ¦!¦•*
AUVEHTISEMENTS.
t^ STOrAACH a
The only, way' to fmprove the sen-
eral health ia to first "put the stomach
In a normal condition. For this spe-
cial duty the Bitters is highly in-
dorsed.
Try a bottle and test it for your-
B«lf. It aho cures Dyspe:>sia. Indi-
f^stlon. Constipation. I^a Grippe,
Colds or Malaria.
fADVEaTISEKEKTS.
: _ _. KATSCHINSKI
; Phikdelphia Shoe Co.
L !0 THIRD STHEcT, SAH FRiNOiSGO
ACJcirmf C»I1 Solliliy.
r .
f
: NOBBY STYLES AND
CHEAP PRICES |
I THAT'S CUR SLOGAN |
; Prrh-ps ycu are th:ski-r of fi
bujlag new Stt*«. ar.d especially a
fcr Zs^tc:. asd. if so. why r.ot ? .
b-7 "_r'-to--*i*.'- styl«-s. Sr.ocs that E
have ttit -r-e:i. artistic Iocs, a^d S
jret Bt* s'.i -ar:tnln the reach at Q
all- Let j« f.t yc-j with tbe latest S
styles, ar.d st reasonable prices, y
fcr !n these da;s d progress r^>-i Q
c*a fcjy rtyle. ::t &Z.Z. ec=;crt &r.i H
r.t rc-trr o-arn tv.-.*. A roiby style 2
T for £prir»r. LAdlea' Pat-r.t H
:.»cti»r L^ce £bc«3. with finD kid B
toj«. fene" XXXS&* ar.d tee! fos- §
irv. rr.t-i'.^zr. weight solts ar.-i gj
t r:c"« rr.rca.*.^ hfrlf- THE P3ZCS a
' OMT S^.wO S'.z~c r- = x-j S; I
FANCY VAMP OXFORDS 1
A L<a<i"r fcr S^rir.g. A style E
— t:.tt stands by Jt**lf. I-a>3;^g" |£
1 Vxscj C-Ji-.ed Va^ip Vici Ki4 Ox- M
I in"C Ties. «rlUl n^.t k!4 quarter*. I
tl r»i2tn '-o:n toes, hind-tonsil soles 1
;1 mat extra YA^h French IA'V h*e!s ¦
I Tsr pb^cz: £'2.r,o sizes :» s to c
I WHITE CANVAS SHOES I
•" 'VThlt'? C«cva« £hr>*-« for th<? fi
?! ' y.-ACr^r. ar-d yuan* ladies will rx» B
B ?.'.'. ;he styi*- this Spring. &r.<l o»r H
3 pun ;< ;« th» most complete :n the H
I cltT. White «>r.v-ss Lace Sho*<. H
B n'.ih fftylissh to*« a.r.d t!ps. «iarable B
m Boles and spring heels. sAi as fol- £
fi c-h".ri> s:z»*. ', to 8 f>O»- (
¦ «-"-;:-J > 5:z"i?. 5*» to 11 £1.1.*% t
0 UissoT sizes. 114 to 2 SI.^5 |
| MAKES LIFE WALK EASY. |
RUBBER HEEL JULIETS 9
Eaf An-i rorifort in every pair. H |
Lilies' vtci Kid Juliets, with H
t-jrr.«<l tr-les. wide ro!n tow ji^l E
t?7« ar.4 rubber h<**-l5. ETDUCED ft
FOE THE TH^X TO $ ! ;45 A H
PATH, iiisea : » 3 to &; widths li ff '
8. KATSCHINSKI | i
Phikdelphia. Shoe Co.
10 THIBI) ST. Sea rrmnsisco. H j
Pk i r. t ing ® J
Developing J
AT CUT PRICES.
' If you never ha<! rce do yoor Derelopln*
¦ astf PrtEtlrjr. better »end rce ta a trl*l cr-
ier NOV.'. It -Kill m'jit In ycrjr ceuir.j
! better reralts tbaa 70a cecld obtain yocr-
• r*lU becasM I an r*rf«rily eqnipp^i tor
' t&U «rcrj( — ."¦ i-. e ' - T-, -. r.tr.s tu work -* ::h
r «ad am «n expert in tfcts !S=e. My prices
: axe as :-ij.»:.-.t:.;. also.
R&y cf tix. 10c; nil of twelve. 15c
Ketio tr.'.t'n. 3c to 5r: vficx fr'th. 3c to 6c.
UATUGHT LOAUIJfCi FILMS, ia aU
, pcp=lar elzrs. rt the very lowest f/rices.
ilall Oitlem Fru£cr>t!y Fille-i.
THAT A1AN PITTS
T. W\ PITTF, Tkf. £taticii»r.
.-IOCS MARKET ST.. Above Powell St.,
San Francisco.
'rescripiiens 34,406 and 7.
CTTASAZrrSXS CT7KS FOB itEW.
rAKiII.ESS J3TJi:CTIOK. Cure* ordinary
as<s in -i lew days. Warranted to <rurc
rorst cas^-g. 2TO OTBX2 TBEATMEIT?
lEQUlEED. Pr^cnts ind Cures Stric-
ures. PRJCTES7S COSTAGICN. Ilann-
s«s. $2.00 for both bottles. For solo only
*. S. KZLLrS FHAEaiACrr. 102 Eddj-.
arEEKLY.CALL,.$1.00 PEB YEAH.I'crmer Politician Is Sent to Prison.
NEW ORLEANS, March IL — General
?Jeorge Baldy, a former Union soldier,
v. ho was prominent as a Republican in
Louisiana political life during the war,
was sentenced Friday to fix months in
the penitentiary. General Baldy was
the attorney of John Spraule, a Confed
erate veteran living in Calif ornia, * in j
the settlement of a small estate, and ;
Tias charged with the embezzlement of ,
the proceeds. Spraule came from Call- I
fcrcla to prcsectite him- J
HONOLULU. March 5.— The financial
condition of the Territory is such that-
Governor Carter will probably call an
extra session of the Legislature- It
has been thought that Governor Car
ter might continue- to administer the
Government on the basis of former
appropriations, the Illegality of the
county act leaving most of the depart
ments without appropriation. A test
case is now before the Supreme Court
to decide the power of the Governor
in the matter. Even if his power is up
held he can have no authority to reduce
salary expenses, which must be pruned
all along the line. The trouble has
b*en growing ever since annexation,
when two million dollars of customs
revenue went to the federal treasury in
stead of to the Territory. Expenses,
however' have been maintained upon
the former basis. Bankers have re
fused absolutely to discount treasury
warrants either for salaries or for sup
plies, and the indications are that dur
ing three or four months of tlfts year
ail Government clerks will have to wait
for their monthly remuneration. The
extra session, if called, will probably
meet during the first week In April.
Owing to the hard times the Territory
can make no exhibit at' the World's*
Fair at St. Louis.
H\WUI EMBARRASSED
BY LOW FINANCES
ill common with the business of all oth
ers, suffered by reason of the falling off
in orders. So soon as it became evident
to the directors that there was likely to
be a large diminution in the net profits
to be realized by way of dividends from
subsidiary companies it was deemed
wise and prudent to reduce the divi
dends on the common stock of this
corporation, and later for the same rea
son to suspend payment of dividends
cn this stock. In the determination of
these questions the directors gave care
ful consideration to all the facts and
circumstances bearing upon the sub
ject and due regard to the relative
rights and claims of all who are in
terested in the continuous and perma
nent success of the corporation and
the advancement of its business.
"On December 31. 1&03. the tonnage
of unfilled orders on the books was
3,215.173 tons of all kinds of manufac
tured products, in comparison with the
tonnage of 5,347.213 at corresponding
dates in the previous year."
"During the year general trade con
ditions materially changed and the
business of the subsidiary companies,
in the way of general comment
Chairman 1Z. EL Gary and President W.
E. Corey say:
••.Since January, 1904, and up to the
date of the writing cf this report, there
have been received from J. P. Morgan
& Co. $3.*s22,900 additional on account
of the aggregate of $20,000,000 cash re
ceivable as above, and there have been
issued additional bonds of a par value
of :5 907,500. making at this date (March
1, 1S04) a total is-sue of bonds for the
aggregate principal sum of $138,000,000.
Thus the corporation has received from
J. P. Morgan & Co. for the syndicate
$11,000*000 cash and has deli%-ered SS.OOO,
000 in bonds, leaving $5,000,000 cash to
he received and $12,000,000 bonds to be
delivered."
Payments for account of common
dividends in 1&03 were $12,707,562,
compared -with $20,332,690 in 1902.
It is declared that the physical con
dition of the property has not only
been fully maintained, but greatly im
proved and strengthened by these ex
tensive outlays.
Regarding the preferred stock con
version plan, the report said:
'"Up to December Cl, 1003. there has
been issued and outstanding United
States Steel Corporation ten sixty-year
5 per cent sinking fund gold bonds,
dated April 1, 1J«O3, for the aggregate
principal sum of $152,1*02,500. These
bonds were issued in payment of
1,500,000 shares of preferred stock at
par, as well as in consideration of
$7,177,100 cash received from J. P.
Morgan & Co. for a syndicate, being
part of 570,000,000 cash receivable un
der the contract of April 1, 1902. ap
proved by the stockholders in special
meeting and thereafter sustained by
tne courts.
Dividends on the preferred stock in
1903 amounted to $30,404,173, as
against $25,720,117 in 1902.
Undivided profits for 1303 were $12,
204.916. as against $34,263,656 in
1902.
NEW TORS, March 12. — The sec
ond annanl report of the United States
Steel Corporation, dated March 1, is
sued to-day, shows the net earnings
for the year, 'after deducting: expendi
tures for maintenance and interest on
bonds aud fixed charges of subsidiary
companies, were $105,171,152. com
pared with ?1S3,2OS,763 In 13C-.
There was charged off last year for
depreciation !a inventory valuation
tnd for the adjustment of suudry ac
counts J5.37S.S37. The previous year
nothing was charged oS to this ac
count.
Trade Conditions Materially
Change. Causing a Large'
Diminution in the Profits
PROPERTY IS DIPROVED
Net Earnings for 1003 and
the Dividends on Preferred
stock Show Falling Off
STEEL COMBINE
MAKES REPORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MARCH 13, 1004. '
27
l
Tired of working for -wages? j
Rrad our BUSINESS CHANCE !
COLUMN'. !
Splendid opportunities for j
Investment. !
THE EMPORIUM. \ THE EMPORIUM. J THE EMPORIUM. | THJjf EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM
| Tuesday? Wednesday, Thursday, March 15, 16 and 17 '
\ When we will show our exclusive modes, the best of the fashion world's ideas, representing the
\ leading examples of Spring and Summer styles as designed by Paris and New York modistes.
\ Model Gowks, Beml-Gostumes, Tailored Suits, Wraps, Millinery
i The Easter "Style Show" in the 1 Women's Suit De- /Sfc ' The Easter -'Style Show" in Millinery Salon, Second Floor,
* partment includes the most authoritative creations of the master { JMa < has never been equaled by similar Spring display in this city. It in-
% irrn , r . nf onmrpi ir i^ thp a-flnripsr Snrincr pxdo- { &S&S& eludes an exceptionallv fine line of pattern hats, ready-to-wears and
$ designers of ,v omen s apparel. It is the giandest bpring expo [^^^ i ready-to-tfims, planned and perfected by eminent European and New
| sition ever presented to the ladies of San Francisco Every (^^^^%f^^ York designers and many beautiful conceptions originated in our own
j* woman within 4 reach of the big store is invited to visit this great % VT^>Ey ib^Sw^*-?r u P" to " date work-room. "There is one point about this millinery that it
£ three-day style show. * ~Z1 is well to remember. It is this: Just because it's new and exclusive, we
J. Devotees of fashion will readily appreciate the unusual degree of taste and j^-'i'^fefe^S^^^^^ do not ask you to pay several times its worth. It is fairly priced, that IS
x rare ability in construction displayed in these dainty garments for women. A tfS^^ff^^^^>/€^^- all. For example:
f decided tendency toward price reasonableness will be noted. /l^^S^^^^Sfej^^^ftv A Ur S e White Hat of th e new Y=ida b«-d, with while hk.-d wkh hzgz bow of biat satin r.bbon, . . $15.00
*. The Demi-Costvme Pictured is in the newest shade of brown veiling and self-colored f^^L^S^^^^^jfW^^^^'^fj0\ »m g«u a ?? u q ue and two hrje whits ani charr.razn: Light Braid Hit*, trim^d «.;:h niching of t^It- ribbon
% Cluny Laces. Gail Conveniently be WOrn asa lull COStUme Or Y^M^^^ i^^^^lW ' '^^^^ ? '^ ''^^\ feathers dropping oV« the briai; a beautiful modd hat, M d baVy ros« and faEags S9.OO
i with a separate bodice underneath, "and may be removed when W^^mHkl 'Mt&^jMm^™^ Tu, M n Braid H.uiac S bscrtlon, tHm^ with for-
j: desirea." The creation ot a tamous designer, and our pru.e '¦;.". H^» tfJ&/4? : •^^^' -'.\ tfc new poppy foiigAnd pale Uae fl&w«f, 'fin- gec-me-not. and ribbon $5.0O
»: onIy ¦' ••• •* ¦••;• . .$100.00 U.r P^-^^^^^ ;^ :^^W :^ The Easier "Style Show" of Smart Clothing for Man
t Bcavtihil While Evening Gown of chifron crepe and Spanish net lace that x tf<^ >w • il '¦' ."^ : ; Z '¦ 1 — T~\ a t n u
i few houses would ask less than $2CO.oo for, is priced by us . . V^-^fe^ ' f T^vlffl&Sfe^^^S^^ ant/ Boys 1S th - most comprehensive range or styles and fab-
5 • • • $165.00 fP&mM$s bjM^^^^^^^^^m^^ ncs that you will find in town. All of the accepted styles for the
JJ- Reception Costvme oi Beijc cicth and Point d'Aiencon Lace. Eton bodice : p - j E^^\ Vn^iiqt^^^^ comin^ Sprin^ and Summer are now in evidence. Good looking,
*: effect and a modish suggestion of a full skirt; extrem^^' et^ 'j :^ i^ H j;^^^^! WWM !&$f well made suits for the little man in the new juvenile depart-
I ft^^^.^d^: -^w py i : lpw raia " rsS"t^"p"^ C0^'>"^s^^
* Lace is prominently and uniqueiv employed, price &IbU.UU 1 . ; "SBr t ' ' ' : Sr^ AHk v uu . 5 1U1 , ° \ F * \1 Z. r. ff >.; u ,.- rU
? Handsome Tailor Suits in various materials at <37.50, <42.50, 550-00, \- 'lM '1^^^^! Jill 1' pnees we ask and get no better fit and oftentimes not hah the
t $60 00 575 00- T*^iW k SP r-^Klfil : - : f^ ;: '^%iM v ' P^ style that the world-famous manufacturing tailors of whom we buy
S ManyNcwSilk Coats have been added— £15.00. $17-50, ?20.00, 525.00 fff'W fiS? '"'^H'S^K^Jt-e^* our goods put into their garments.
t and upward. Evenly Coats <32.50, MO.00 and 550.00. U: |»^ *ftg ft§fT^' Vg -^ S^^^ r^^?^;
| Hfep/ay of Corsef />Tcif C /s over wftfeft fo ffl f/»e \^J lllfli Bo^unBiouseSuits-m^cc^
V Easier GOWI1, U\ the newly arranged and Spacious muslin- l&S^ (?n'^^' -'"' tr^^' : : : : "l|r-: > -V^/^^^-/ ? or doub!= fcr -*" : ' d ' with thenewmnow bailor and Eton collar s^lrs- mads :of dap-
?=> ¦ — " T , n t-. . .-, ««H! s' *'"-K5 • V -iT^' -•'•¦'¦ I #fr U liDeli and close fittinr <m «« p!ed hemespuns, twreds, and Tari-colored
\ wear and Corset Department on second floor. The several dif- ggj t ' \- : i MM Awf "?«» . . ..$15.00 b y ATbe« .^ -« Ssw
ft : ferent models of each^jnake of corset that we sell will be properly ||^ % '^v) f :^ : lv :; !^ :;^^'*'i§C ' nen ' $ Finc Suits S1 7- 50 and 520.00— York and executed by skmfiii unon, i«e«
J displayed and demonstrated by competent corset fitters, and a// «ra& i^^f .-^ '^-f J SwcI1 lult3 b thJs scaiDn ' 1 riche$: 1Rd rao$t 2^ to 7y« ir » • ¦ • • ¦ • • • • - • -^
*.' j * &* -~ ..a -..,V/ U» *tt*J J®6m7* cfiiirMJ r '' iWWi f : ' i\ '¦'¦ • : "' --VaR w 1 ¦'W'Wltx eleeant materia!s, n:v7 swagger efficts, -^ ... SSmOOm $6*O0m S7mS0
I COrSCtS from $I. 5 O UP Ulll be ptUd. £M» J^B- Wi •'' 1 made from G«man, French and Englah The Norfolk $«U-Fcr iarg= bo', (6 to 14
*' Nemo CorSCtS — the famOUS Figure- Popular Priced Corstls — All the best £jjy /i^>^^ " ' ~~/J r '^''ii>^W« ll^^S^^^v^ goods. We do not know of a tailor who y;an), nnj: s-uprrrr.e — Da and gny horac-
%' Building and Self-Reducing models of the W. B., C- B. Bsjf «--" \'lj fe i^^^S >yf^^^^^- * wiU Produce a mit for S30.00 :o equal ipans, pretty OTtrpIaid* and q —
Systems; the corset for the and R. G. in white drab or '||: & "J .^^^^^^V^FtacuW.. 525.0 0 : S17 ' 5 ° AlSSd SS.;i
J! stout, slender, short or tall; black; also short pink or blue "^^^Mr^^W^^^ JuK 5J Sub $2W0 - Xew spring Boys' Fmcy Vcm-ftrages-Sto i6,c«,
i= per pair — COrsetS, at, per pair — 1 ' ''-[^^ weaves in covert and cheviot, elegantly fancy piquts, whhe silkj, etc
» $2.75, $3.5O and $S. OO $f.OO tO $2.5O " •^-r^- L: triaunsl • with the best of terge and silk $1.00^32^30
| Sa^m Foulards for Shirt Waist Suits' I #/#/* 20c a#ii# 25c Madras Fabrics
| oft Special Sate Monday 83g on Special Sale Monday 12c
K These dainty foulards are in the small neat designs so popular this season for shirt waist suits. They To-morrow's great offering of wash goods consists of a high grade Madras Fabric, thirty-one
J* are twenty-three inches wide and excellent quality, and come in the folio ,vin? spring new _^ inches wide, stylish in coloring, serviceable in wear, extensive m variety. »nere win
f colorings: Ghampagne, gray, heliotrope, royal, tan and navy. We have only 700 yards S3C be f ! w chances ' if any ' a£ ; lin this season to get new K ' W ° r n0 ™ Md-hC
X of these on special sale Monday; while quantity lasts }[. ..... . . to 25c a yard *at to-morrow's price • %
£ Loaisinc Silks — Also in small nci: effects for shirt* wais: Chi!!on Cloth — A novelty- soft dress fabric, all wool. b=au- For Evcnin - Wear Good white 'organdy, sheer in weave, Scotch Mixture — I Q w«hab!e cotton, reprodnction of the
X ra ts; a popuUr soft weir: that wffl weir well, in a very mm mm "¦*Ur tinshed, 42 inches wiie, in all the new shading*; _ -| chIfifon finjh> full t i xZy . i]x ; nc h- s wiie, at tgoui sale to-morrow wooIca f^H^ n - w ja mat- .ad colorings per yard . . . . 2OC
» p;e::v Ihe of n:w colorings, yard # +91* will make handsom: spring garm«>«, yard . . . ., . &M I0V only yard . . . I-'. . . . . . . • • 27 O
i Silk Canvas— A coarsj weave of, silk similar to bailee: Voile Melange— A very pretty effect in voie, similar to --•*•• * ¦ Madras -Japanese Tassah SLk Mixtures, in plains,
ti weivs, coasiieroblrnstd for wawts and shirt waist suts, . -- -j " saowrlalce mixture, in fa!l assortment of spring coloring, — - _ - m Toile de LainC — The DJW Woven shirt W»Ht washable SUlt- O
j: a full line of colors, varl S1.OO yard . . . . $I.5O "g, bffancy efF.cU and solid color,, yard #5C ¦ *«cy wea^e, «i pnatrf effects, yard SO©
X BlacK SilK Grenadine— In pretty hair- me £ tri?=s; will Lace Etaminc— One of the newest weaves this season; , _,^ , . •„. . of fitl , _!,.-._ i: non ti , irt7 , Open WorK Weave Organdy— In d^nzy prindngs, white
* malce pretry street or evening costumts, 40 -nchej wide, soft ani dressy, will give good wear; a full fin- of col- m — _ India Linon— »°O Pl«es. of fine grade whue Imon, thirty UpCD " . , " T ' i -_
If y4rd ! .! :.....? 85C on, inching !bI»ck, 4 S inches wide, yard . . . . $1.75 inch:, wide; for dri week's seSmg, per yard 12^0 pounds, good ityles and colonrp, y«d I5C
I £?#»#*» Thf-mas Clocks I feme Dainty Creations Bsiance of Winter Stock Chiffon Drape Veils
* Tftomas UiOCKS in Neck Dressings for Children's and Misses' hVinntls*v *-> -^
Ml — — On Sale Suits an* Cloaks U3 Off "5^!^^
S^a-mSV R w t hite R and b VS%; V» ••;•"•¦•.• ; •? 7 ?° Only a small number of each style, and at this ; °^ r v . r A^^^Sj^!^?' i
Buster Brown Silk Stock Bows- bacK, brown, navy and whits, long ; . . 7il -n w Fine quality of Chif- Iv !
Th= n 2 m= Seth Thcrna, has the hemstitched endt fiLOu sweeping price reduction they will soon be gone. , Ikii with \>- fewL-^ •&&F-21 J\
same «gnihcance when app.ied Chambray Stock Collars -with mull j 2 bot, trimmtd with dainty Vai. R ec r rnmA Pirlv Mnndav «. I .. ' . /•" 'w 5^" /ft
to c'ccki that sterling his when kc . * $1.00 Best come early »v\onaay. htmsutched borders /. . *&£& ./I
applied to^r™ Th« e gjgg \' eau iif\ d n0^ U ies from 5 oc to $3 A Amo^ the Drtsses »= rlbclinr,, ch e viou. voi!«, c um:ne,, «r geJ , and Iarg . chenille dots, <Vc^J ' B£~dfl
Mintel Clocks 'and I we hTve . Lace Stock Collars— white, creim and ecru, *pleniii ajsortmint. .. c'othes and fancy mixture!. In colors there arer r;d.«, goblin b.ue, in b!ack, brown, rova!, \N^-V "** Fl^^Sp
% only abc« loo of them O .eil at the price" be^ml! of ,th4 patterns p • ¦ • ¦ -• " • . - • • ¦ ¦ • • • • " * : :. 5Oc to $2.QQ re>e da, nary, brovrn and stjlL-h comb'nation*. In «es they range whi:e , nd mag p:-;- tn d
V that the factory had. ' Fancy Rufh-w b.ack and blaefc ani white con* natwn^ fr.m 6 to 14 years. Regular prices from $5.00 to * 25.00. Betfn- are worth 75c each, >^g^|§SC
* Both light and dark finuhtr, with bron« side and front ornamenti, ftaihtr Bo«lh white,' black,' wh'te and blVck, an'd natural tint's, 4; ring Monday $3.35 to $16.65 Tbe phenomenal ipe- ; ~-~-^-
*; fancy and plain dials, cathedral gong strike cn the hour, bdl strike incLe , t0 ,,/ >ar j $ ]ong ....... $13.50 to $50.00 Amontf the Cloaks are kersty?, meltons, chenots and lady's cloth, in cial price, less thin half, H for Monday only, OO-*%
» on the ha't hour; fully guaranteed for one jear, wor:h»Mot^ 25c and 5OC Neckwear. ¦- colors red, brown, navy and tan, in full lengths cr three-quarters, and eac h . .... . . . • . V". . . O«>C
*>* marrow 3>**.VS In popBlar wfav . s cj.^ , C rim, lawn, mull, buccherj" linen, mosty made m Monte Carlo or box backs. Sizes from 3 to is
% — — — madras, pique* and «i;k, the largest assortment in town, of the mest dainty years. Regular prices $3-9g to $16.75. On sale beginning Monday mj^mmm mm*
% Household Goods C01cda of Dam£ Faihion ' s larei: dictationx " Come in anJ iee th; e " ' ' •••••¦ *2-es «» $u.is Sales Pillow Tops
i n# «*¦*»#» j~»# £®w<fe>*2 Emporium Furniture Prices Are Always Lower Cords and Tassels
$ r" rre^^s^ - Than Same Kinds Can Be Had tor Elsewhere For Monday 600 Wtome dn«d pl !iow top, «d
i Wh B!!nkSt'S7bcheT r fu'! r - e 4«n?wdghtT^ e adC -i V o We never engaged in fantastic, bombastic advertising. We state plain facts in a plain, truthful backs, an extra fine qua-i: 7 of art denims, new and
$ *h?tJui$7.so grade, Monday only, pair. . $5a7& manner, and stand by every word we say with a liberal money-back guarantee. We only ask the moderate pretty patterns, in floral and conventional designs, inch
% Gray BUnkcts-Hravy gxade/so'ii cxton Gray Biankew, 5-pound Department Store profit on furniture, that we charge on other classes of merchandise, and investigation and „ ,west peas, sunflowers, large red poppies, Ameri-
*.* weight, 64 mchej wide, a js.=5 vaue, a:i week t gs comparison of our goods and prices wit'n those of othejL houses will convince you that this is the store in which C an rose, sprays of violets, etc., etc. Th^ 50c kind,
I* at pair . . . . . y OU can f lt U p your home best and cheapest. to-morrow only 29c
\ £ Bltachtd Sheets- No drming, good to wear, at l«s than mill cot p ic , urcd _ Silk Cords and Ta«el»-For *ofa c^aions, in pretty mixed and
jf to-car. =,V . . . , . . .. . . -. t ¦"•,- ; V, Sffil^^ixS^/ ' 1*3 TcbOUTCtte as Pictured— plain colored effects, and extra heavy rzs and we3 covered, tassel large
[ J 54 by 90 menes, smgle bed w<Jth each 44O - Large, comfortable \^^^ , ,M imitation *«* k«T. re S^ ri * 6 5^ **** "** P" c - Moad. T only . . 39o
j 5 giby 9 omche., double bed wuj:h, each 63o back and arms, either £5^53^ >^^^_ /? Ooldcn oak or imitation J. . .
J Pillow Casts — A re illy pood mustin, regular i\z- (45x36 inches), V^f^S^"!! r>. ~^^!^^^i ~~^^ V* \ mahogany; a substsn- ...
!! 5,^.™t'~'^ L " 3 ° f iS '^3l = "^^^^& 1 .i-'x^.-^,. Floss Sofa Pillows
•* Bltachtd Tab'e Damask— Sxa'.l lots of 6:c ar.i 75c, ill lin-n ani oik or mahogany fin- xL--- 1 -—^^ M jS*"™^ r >f -^^,^> de signed Tabouret.e. 1 2C o pure fios3, No. l quality, sofa pil.'ows — full weight,
\% mercerized German Damask,, width, frcm 60 to 72 i s h, rubbed and po!- . S ! if $ fifl #rf 1\\ Monday and Tucs- heavy muslin cover, clean and sanitary:
* inchei, Monday oa!y, your choice per yard ** M C ' - r, ,- rl ?L l^A Y. " ' i iM (8 a W /f ! H ; f - _
! •? Dun «k Dinner Sets— AU linen, bleached Irish damaik, nice style;, ished, Monday and |ft7^^^^^4l B B H ® (JJ t ill day only i6il6in. /5"C 22XZ2 in. 37c
¦ *- goDd wearing roalltics. Tuesday only cT^^^NsJiiL D I fkj^l Q^^* iSnS in. 20o 2 + x -4 i a - 42c
! *' 2-yard doth, with doien napkins . $400 $},/%. *$ SZ § U »1\ %0*J%0 2OX2O in. 28O 26x26 in. 49 C
j" 2^-yard doth, with dozen napkins, $5.4-0 /^* ® • U '
[5 3-yard c'^jth, with doien napkin j . $5. SO Woven Wire Springs— Close weare, fcardwoad frame, with good tus- Extension Table, OS pictured, 6 feet long, -made qf selected ._. _
|f — — — — — — — — — pmded support* ... ....... ;¦ -. .. . . . . . . $2.5O hardwood, golden oak finish; when closed, top 1142x36 .. Garden TOOiS 3120
{ Dinner Set $23.90 .WMcf li^Pf l#|^l $ff.ff0 Special Housefurnishings
\i Regular Value $30.00 I $*.GO 'JL.^ Two-Bnrncr 6^ Stovc-Ful!
. k i3> Handsome Haviland China feather' Pillows- Wsll filed, all'ftathWs*, in L-. quality ticking, sk: «= :1 nnished top +5 inchei squarr ?!?"f£ s zs, large burners, remov- (g535S3E^3?£gV
jf Dinner Set for. 12 per- =,x= 7 inch«, par . $3.00 Same wuh round top .. . ; . . . . . . . . . . .S14.25 ib . e and eomm jr 0
* JS^^^'"Sfi^ sons, daintily decorated | Other pillows $t. 50 to $9.00 pair. Other extension tables, $5.50 to $125.00. pete with 6 feet ot tubing, »
il XS^OMf or-^-st"^ New Carpets Here—Sale of Mattings
it h«ndtoj Monday coljr at th= vnj Ncvc: b:forc hsvc we htd surh a compictj aod cxteniivf asiortmen: of carptlings. We are cgiricg ,! , Mr A fo/^- IJJcUli Llonday 37c
g l^^T ;^^»p^«^. .^ Bigclow Loweii, Axminucr. ,od I Body B:o !e .. Smith Axmin.tcr, and WiUon VOcu a,d ,hc • „! C^Jo^Sf = : U! M^dav'.". /ff C
a ' Rr.-Vf«* <,* a, thin and white .. china 6 com and saucers 6 varioas line; ot Tapestrv Brussels, in the most artiuic and delicately co.ored patterns that we have ever seen. « c " iC *« wi»piuur» r . * w*-
The first ..^n: of Japan M.Uin S , are nowon sale at pric, which may be mater«nyincre«ei « tJbe w.r between Ja F an and Runhprc- BreedinS C»|CS - For Canary birds, comp.ete With
V can beauty shape? compete sec . St. 93 S«««- I" thh lot there are 35 pattern*, in g'cens. blues, reds, buffi,'etc. Compare the prces and qualdes with the bca: Tilues yqa can nnd elsewhere. nest . . . • /OC
J- Th= wme jet in rich flow bin; decorations $2.50 20c Mattings, i this week," yard. ...;. 15c 25c Mattings, this week, yard .......20c Garden Hose— High grade, per foot .. ... . fQc
J CUret Glasi« T Thin blown engraved !ace pattern, regularly 40 yards. $7.50 rolls, this week $5.60 40-yard, $9.00 rolls, this week S6.80 steel Garden Hoes— 8-inch blade/. . . ; . .35c
i G^Zl'JiuC^Jn.'.'. ¦¦".¦". -'"". '..'. \.\$2%o Where rEtse Such Low Prices as These for /^S Garden Rakes-Good one, whh-xr tines ... 35o
*: s.Bc« champagne G-M.O, per tea $2.50 f^^gi Standard Brands of Pure Foods and Liquors? AjpggL Best Stanleys shovcb . . . 75c
V Dinntr Set-White «m5-?orcclab, wuh delicat: borJer of gold, 50 \$&&fc 1200 Tins Choice Calilomia Fruits- -Hunt's or 300 Stone Crocks Heinz Apple Butter— qua:itv W+-$ml Stanley's Spsdes— Long cr short hand.s . . . . 75c
\* f-c», for 6 p.r,cn., tor Ig^^ He^et brand, picked in heavy syrup. 3 -!b. per f cc t, the jirsa!onc worth 25c each, M on- feiS^S ™
K ' ... \£S?iF*s£Bt tins, none better, regulariv 30c tin, Monday ' ;S-. : • fr?^k2c« F"s»c4ss** Mnirjaf#/«»c *«#» #/«
I *.JZ ? f Z he J"tV» r Kn m^ "'.* *^ . 2^c Wmm \ M • - 44c *~^ fl - •»- of ira^ n^
j.f . §1.SU instead Q? $3. SU ]^ O nt^oSY^&^ Good .Whbkks-Pinl Jonc cr OH Govern- des for Ea^r-rabbit,,- chkkcnx, fancy character, ct F«ty
i, IOO copies only of John Wttion'l [aathor of Beside the . , ' ,. ¦ .. . . gQ o ...... . . ... . . . . 62O ment, bot£e . . ....... . . 89O Grandpa, Happy Hooligan, etc.; at prxss ranges trom, eaco
J Bonnie Brier BasbJ edition de luxe of the IMc of Ea^ iugar'cured, ib./6Ko ' ' * M 5 " " ' ' * * ' ' * ' ' 5ot0 * 5 ' 00
jJ Christ, with 16 paintings in color, Monday, and Tues- aMoliit _ Gh]litddli < t^^ It b tiibaUe to ouks early sefcerocs, - before «ock ha. been d=-
*f day alio, if quantity !aa . . . . ,.;. . $1.5O fiMnjMUr^"It is the duty, then, of those who
walk in advance of \ the unthinking
masses to attack that idea from now
on if they wish their descendants; to
find the sentiment, enfeebled enough' to
be overthrown upon the day when men
shall realize that it stands seriously in
the way of man's evolution.
"It is important to destroy, little by
little, everything which tends to
hamper the liberty of man, as If all
men really deserved to be free. One
knows, however, that they j will not
merit the freedom several centuries
after their deliverance. The harmonious
use of liberty carl only be learned
through long abuse of its benefits." ¦ ;
Maeterlinck's singular opinions are
only a step in advance of others. given,
with his } to a Paris review by eminent
contributors. :
Even' Paul Deroulede, hot-headed
Nationalist that he is, assents in some
dejpree . to ' the s^rirestlon Involved in
"The ideas that guide humanity
ought to be respected only in propor
tion to the amount of good they do. : .
"The idea of a fatherland was long
necessary. It Is not yet completely
useless. That fact indicates that the
hour approaches when It will become
harmful.
PARIS. March 12.— To the question,
"Is patriotism incompatible with love
of humanity?" Maurice Maeterlinck,
the mystic, replies:
Maeterlinck Says It Is a Barrier to
Freedom and Should Not Be
Promoted.
DECLARES PATRIOTISM
IS A IDEA
Senator Clark Is Convalescent.
NEW YORK, March 12.— Among
the passenger* who arrived to-day on
the steamer Trinidad from Bermuda
was Senator W. A- Clark of Montana,
who is convalescent from a recent
operation for mastcrditis.
More Money for British Exhibit.
LONDON. March .12.— An addi
tional vote of S3. r i0,000 for the Brit
ish exhib-t at St. Louis, making a
total of S750.000, is included in the
civil service estimates for the coming 1
year. With the already announced es
timates for the army and navy, total
ing upward of $325,000,000, it ap
pears that the full estimates will show
an expenditure for the year 1904-05
of about $710,000,000.
Kept Customer's Locks.
1 ARIS, March 12. — An odd relic of
Chateaulx land has been bestowed upen
CHICAGO. March 1 Z. — Secretary
Ocorjje E. Cortelyou was x'l-.o guest of
honor ;it the banquet of the Mer
chants' Club. Fully COO of the mo?t
prominent merchant* and manufac
turers of the city anil adjacent terri
tory wit« preses'.t and the address of
the Secretary upon -"Some -Problems
and Policies of the New Department"
was received v ith decided manifesta
tions of approval.
CortHyon the tiuest oi Honor.
the Carusvalet Museum of Paris by a
sturdy octogenarian lamed Paques.
During the life of the writer Paques
was his barber and with an amount of,
sentiment not ordinarily credited to the
wielder of scissors and razor he pre
served the locks clipped from the dis
tinguished head. These he wrought into
a hair picture representing the room at
St. Malo in Brittany where the novelist
was born. On view in trie museum this
has excited no little Interest.
PATHS, March 12. — French bureau
crats are not remarkable for radical
changes, but the Paris Postofilce has
made a new departure in the recently
posted bills giving the hours of collec
tion from letter boxes by employing
an astror.cmir;<l system of numbering
the hours. In Gare St. Lazare it was
learned the box was cleared the la.=t
time in twenty-four hours at .the
twenty-two hour and fifty minutes,
that is 10:".O p. in. This is the first time
the system has been used in France,
though it has existed long In Italy and
K-?ls5um.
New Letter Boxes in Paris
TOPEKA, Kana., March 12. — The
newspaper libel law enacted by the
Kansas Legislature in 1901 was to-day
declared unconstitutional by the Su
preme Court. The court says that the
law irf in conflict with section IS of the
bill of rights, In that it denies the right
in certain cases to one injured in his
reputation to have remedy therefor
in due course of law. The decision
was rendered in a case brought by J.
F. Hanson, a Lindsbors attorney,
against W. J. Krebheil, attorney of
the McPherson Republican-
Court Decides That It Is in Conflict
With a Section of the Bill
of Rights.
KANSAS NEWSPAPER T.rarr,
LAW IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL
the question that patriotism and love
of humanity are incompatible.
"It is possible that all men are
bro'.' -rs," writes Diroulede. "But, for
my part, the first man I "'all call
brother must be a Frenchman."
Lombroso and Max Nordau agree
in the assertion that love of humanity
tends to elevate and purify the senti
ment called patriotism, and that fra
ternity between natior~ is now essen
tial to the good of each.
Charles Rjchet, Fourniere, the social
ist; Urbain Gohier and Anatole France
i . even further, declaring without re
servo that a European federation is the
ideal at which civilization must aim.
Small wonder that th° peasants on
country roads about Paris, seeing this
ptranse beast in the still-terrifying
motor car. alongside fe creature more
resembling a goriMa than a man. raise
their tyes to heaven n:id murmur "Mad,
ell mad:"
The master, having devised means
for his own comfort on the road, has
at last bethought himself of his dumb
companion. It is no uncommon sight in
Paris now to see the dog peering from
the front sea; through enormous gog
gles such as the chauffeur himself
wears. Ho wear? a heavy blanket,
tailored to fit £S snugly as a coat, and
a scarf about his r.eek to keep pn*u
xn-jria at a diftar.te.
PARIS, March 12. — The automobile
ha? always been bad enough for the
dog unlucky enough to stay in its way.
Eat it ha« also been and Is bad for the
dog that rides in the car with his mas
ter. The dust gives him sore eyes and
he catches cold.
Costumes to Protect Tlieir
l£yes.
French Motnrtr.cn Dros Canines in
PARISIAN AUTO DOGS
MIST HAVE GOGGLES
tcresthijj Man He Ever
Met.
TULA, March 12. — Count Leo Tolstoi
has just finished his latest book, en
titled '-After the Ball," and it is of
great poetic beauty. The Count's fam
ily and friends hope that it will not be
published for a great many years, the
Count having decided that it shall not
bo publiEhed during his lifetime. Count
Toistoi. despite his 75 years, is still hale
and hearty and bids fair to live many
years yet. He receives many visitors
and often speaks of the great pleasure
he found in the visit of Colonel 'William
Jennings Bryan, whom he calls "the
most interesting man I have met dur
ing the last twenty-five years."
He Thinks Xebraskan the Most In-
COUNT LEO TOLSTOY'
PLEASED WITH BRYAN
Tayler said they had a great deal of
evidence to offer that plural marriages
had taken place since the manifesto.
There being no other witnesses, to ex
amine the committee adjourned, sub
ject to the call of the chairman.
Vancott mentioned the fact that
former Senator Rawlins - stood out
against the church in regard to Its
principles and worked against it. Judge I
Hiles corrected the statement by say
ing "certain principles." and then said
that with the qualification he had made
he regarded Rawlins as a Mormon.
Vancott attempted to take Judge
Hiles to task for his statement that
Rawlirs was a Mormon, and asked if,
as a matter of fact, his entire testi
mony was not just as reliable as his
statement in regard to Rawlins. The
witness stood his ground in regard to
Rawlins, and said that he knew what i
he was talking about, and that with the
qualifications he had» made Rawlin3
was a Mormon. He added with em
phasis that there, were no qualifications
in regard to the remainder of his tes- \
timony.
The witness said his basis for be
lieving that polygamy was more fla
grant since Utah wa3 admitted as a
State war. that more polygamous chil
dren were being born and that poly
gamists drove through the streets more
openly than before. Senator Hopkins
asked a number of questions to find
out if Judge Hiles knew whether there
had been any polygamous marriages
since the manifesto, and he said he did
not. Witness said he believed that such
marriages- had taken place. One case
he had in mind was that of a personal
friend, and he thought the plural wife
had been taken since the manifesto on
account of the youth of the woman.
Vancott asked the witness how
he accounted, in view of the testi
mony he had given, for the Mormons
sending non-Mormons to the Senate.
"How about Joseph L. Rawlins?"
be asked. "He was not a Mormon."
"Joseph L. Rawlins? Oh, yes, he
is a. Mormon."
"What — Rawlins a Mormon?"
"He was born into the church, of
Mormon parentage." . q '
"But, surely, you do not mean to say
that because a man. is born of Mormon
parentage he is always a Mormon?" -
"Pretty close to it."
In answer to other questions Judge
Hiles said he believed Smoot al
ways had taken an active part in pol
itics and had been allied with the Re
publicans, but that he never had
heard of Smoot having made an ad
dress in any campaign.
SMOOT ALWAYS SILENT.
"Yes, Governor Wells was men
tioned and Governor Thomas and
some others."
"Were there any other Republicans
mentioned for the Senatorship before
the selection of Smoot as an apostle?"
"Will you tell us why you say he
could not have been elected when his
candidacy was first announced — was
it because he had no standing in the
party?" asked Sentor Hopkins.
"He had no standing that would
entitle him to such a promotion, and
he was not seriously^ thought of," an
swered the witness.
"When it was announced first that
he was a candidate he was not an
apostle," remarked Vancott.
"Oh, well, his candidacy was not
taken seriously then, but when his
candidacy was announced after it was
known that he was to be an "apostle
it w/is certain that he would be
elected."
In the cross - examination Van
cott brought out a great deal of tes
timony regarding church influence
for the election of Reed Smoot for the
Senate and Judge Hiles stated pos
itively Smoot could not have been
elected to the United States Senate if
his candidacy had not been approved
by the Mormon church.
"Do you mean that if Mr. Smoot
had been a lay member of the church
that he would not have-been elected,
or that if he had been an. apostle and
had not tl.e indorsement of his quo
rum he could not have been elected?"
"Mr. Smoot could not have been
elected without having been an apos
tle and without the consent of the
church."
manifesto cf 1S90 he added many in
teresting details. He said there was
a disposition not to prosecute cases
when the law generally was observed,
but that after the manifesto it was
seen that the Mormons' had returned
to their old practice. He said this was
evident from the new "crops of chil
dren" from polygamous families which
continued to spring up.
The witness covered much of the
ground gone over in the testimony of
Critchlow, but in regard to the cessa
tion of prosecutions until after the
"Those people," said the witness,
"said they must obey the law of God
rather than the law of man. They
seemed to think it an act of apostasy
to go counter to the church rules, even
in obeying the laws of the land. The
cases were pressed hard, and then the
people began to obey the law, for they
were poor and could not pay the fines,
and consequently it became generally
reported that the practice of polyga
mous cohabitation was breaking up."
"CROPS OF CHILDREN."
Judge Ogdpn Hiles ef.Salt Lake, As
sistant United States Attorney in Utah
from lSSi> to 1889, in prefacing his testi
mony, said he had drawn more in
dictments and prosecuted more cases
of unlawful cohabitation under the Ed
munds-Tucker act than any other offi
cial in Utah. For the first two years
the people, he said, refused to obey the
law, despite the fact that opportunity
was given offenders to escape punish
ment if they promised not to violate
the laws in regard to cohabitation.
The witness was asked concerning a
statement in former testimony that a
Mormon committee dictated legisla
tion in the first session of the Legis
lature. He named as this committee
C. AV. Penrose, W. W. Rite, James
Sharp, William H. Kinsr, F. S. Rich
ards and James M. Tanner. Richards
was in attendance at the hearing: as
adviser for Mormon witnesses.
Van Cott asked the witness what in
formation he had as to the existence
of such a committee, and said he knew
from admissions made by George Q.
Cannon and Heber J. Grant and cer
tain members of the Legislature in in
terviews published, in April, 1SD6. He
also said he had received a letter from
Joseph Munscn, a member from Cache
Valley, giving Information as to oc
currences between Munson and Bishop
Stevens, in which Stevens said it had
been decided by the church authori
ties that inasmuch as the Legislature
was inexperienced it was best to have
a committee of the priesthood to pass
on legislation as to whether it was
proper.
WASHINGTON, March 12. — That
Reed Smoot could not have been
elected to the United States Senate
without having first been chosen as
an apostle of the Mormon church and
that after he was so chosen he would
have been defeated was asserted by
Judge Offden Hiles, Assistant United
States Attorney from 1886 to 1890 and
later a Judge of the District Court of
Utah, who was a witness to-day in
the Smoot case before the Committee
on Privileges and Elections.
An interesting feature of Judge
Hiles' testimony was. his declaration
that Former United States Senator
Rawlins was still a Mormon, even
though he stood out against the
church in the matter of interference
in politics.' Attorney Vancott took the
witness to task for the statement and
the colloquy enlivened the close of
the day's hearing.
Chairman Burrows adjourned the
session to-day subject to call. It is
expected thex-e will be a number of
witnesses here within a week or ten
days. Among those wanted are
Apostles Merrill and Teasdale and
John Henry Smith, whose alleged
plural marriages already been
recounted by witnesses.
Instances were asked for to-day in
which the church interfered in busi
ness matters in the last five years and
Critchlow mentioned the location
of a union station in Salt Lake, the
incident at Brigham City, in which the
church is said to have opposed a cer
tain amusement hall, a case before
the high council of the church, in
which the parties were Jensen vs.
Dietrich Land and Livestock Com
pany, and certain water litigation be
tween Salt Lake and the "West Jordan
canal. Critchlow's information on
the subject was indefinite and he said
he could give no competent testimony
on the subject.
MORMONS WHO DICTATED.
Former Federal Attorney in Utah Testifies Before
the Committee at Washington and Sheds Light
on Mormonism and the Practices of Adherents
SENATORS ARE STARTLED ANEW
BY SMOOT CASE REVELATIONS
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, .SUNDAY. MARCH-.. 13, 1005.
28
A 50c Bottle of Liquozone and Give It to You to Try.
Liquozone is thc only way known <luccrs bv a process reqtfcring 1m- catarrh— Cancer skin Diseases
to kiH germs in the body without kill- mense apparatus and 14 days' time. ?£££S5gSg** SffiSfSKSt
ing the tissues, too. Tt is the only ihc^c gases arc made part of thc liquid Dyspepsia Throat Troubles
way to end the cau^e of any germ product. . Ecxoma— Erysipelas Tuberculosis
disease. It is also a vitalizing ;onic Thc result is a product that does gSm'^oou" St ° n " vSrto5^i? cer "
with which no other known product what oxygen does; and oxvgen is the Gonorrhea — oi«t Women's Diseases
can compare. very source of vitality, the most es- n.^t'iS^i^.^^r^l^dt
It is new in America, and millions scntial element of life. The effects of ra»s-aii the results of impure or poisonous
who need it dont know of it. For Liquozone are exhilarating, vitalizing, bl< ™- nervotls debllltv . , nuomnm . ,
that reason we make this remarkable Punfyin*. Yet it is a germicide so ut^cTTc!o^X^n g^atZ e d^ g \ c "n do*
oflFer. We will buy thc first bot- certain that we publish on every bot- 50c Brittle Ppoo
He and give it to you if you need it. tle an , offc . r of 5ioco for a disease , f v^, X, fr • rree -
We will do this gladly to let thc g_ crm tllat ll cann °t kill. The reason is ' " y ° u . n , c^ L'quozone, and have
product itself show vou what it can do. that S"« ls ar « vegetables; and Liquo- """ fl tne^ / lt ' ? f* s « scnd ., us th 'S
zone — hke. an excess of oxygen— is col JP° n - vv e will then mail you an
We Paid $100,000 deadly to vegetable matter. That is or ,^ cr . °n your local -druggist for a
feSlisiffpagiill P^SliSii^
C °Z Ti r, } , ?u l " U ? g P' Germ Diseases. "hat it can do. In justice to yourself
ss^«s^ ili^SK -ssBm^ s
quozone does what all the skill in the tr ° ublcs IS l <> help Nature overcome costs 50c and $r.
world cannot do without it. Any tne Serms, and such results are mdi- CUT OUT THIS COUPON
drug that kills germ 9 is a poison, and Jg? for thls ot^^ ™«pS?S? «ii
it cannot be taken internally. Every u Serms, wherever they are, and out the blanks and mail it to the Liquid
physician knows that medicine is al- thc . result . s are inevitable. By de- Ozone Co.. 458-400 Wabwh Ave., Chicago.,
most helpless in any germ disease. ? trovm g the 5 a "se of thc trouble it My dlsease , B ......
.. A M .. . mvanably ends the d.sease, and for- ,^ ~g
Not Medicine. Z^ Ha y g^iiii " ™ a bottle free l wM1
Liquozone is the result of a pro- BroSctuTs*" 61111 * u?™* Dlse " es
cess which for more than 20 years has Blood Poison I Leucorrh^.
been the constant subject of scientific gS*f Tr 52SS* MaUri. T -N^4 Wa ""' ' ~ : '-'""""
ar^d^^tl^^ga^^^ S
large part from thc best oxygen pro- g£jSSS, t . . fiffiSaS! 1 "'. , - x <jgj!^$S^^
THINGS YOU WIUL ALX.
TALK ABOUT.
THE SCRAPBOOK PAGE.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
APYEBTISEMENTS. <j^ j .
» ; .... '- * ¦ .I'm'-*-
CABPETS OF UNUSUAL BEAUTY
The colors are rich and varied. The patterns are woven with minute accuracy — sharply defined. No
coarse patterns with colors running together.
You have often been told that stich patterns are to be found only in high-priced body Brussels.
Firm, Closely Woven Carpets
The closer thc weave, the finer the designs and the longer they wear — naturally.
Carpets That Will Wear Well
We have them for many years and have made friends by them.
Patterns Suitable for Any Room
Parlors, library, dining-room, bedroom, hall or stair.
A full new stock; enough of any pattern to carpet your entire house if necessary.
~~ OTHER PRICE ARGUMENTS
I-ots of odds and ends that can be bought at prices actually less than manufacturers* cost.
BORDERED CAEPBT BUGS — Made of Whittall's best ALL-WOOL SirTXtSTA RTTQS.
grade of b?dy Brussels; 9x12 feet $21.01) ! Rugs for the front of the bureau and doorways-
KAEUI," AEM1NSTEB BUQsV 9xi' 2 ' feet.'.'.*.' C|O ftft * lacCS where the CarpetS reCeiV<S the mCSt WCar '
v'O.UU Thick and warm. Every size and color schema.
BORDERED CARPET RTTOS — Made of «->*> (\(\ 18x36 Inch Smyrna rus 7Oc
Smiths extra velvet. 9x12 feet OUU = ix46 Inch Smyrna rug 03c
HASSOCKS (all kinds) 5 Q C 26x54 inch Smyrna rug S1.25
BATH RUGS-in'Delft co'lo'ringsV color's that' ' CO (M * !?!! l^l! ? myrna ruS J.V52
will not run «?»•"** 36x72 Inch Smyrna rus S-.50
A r tf mail or telephone orders will be accepted for any of thc above advertised articles.
i*/i v3 S > I I ttl (J I ffi$Rl i II I E n b I J 5id t^i I If C ( IA KL ::•
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^__
l^ssSA^^^Jj t,,^»1*S!S2!L IW^^>^Lo..
Viss Sarah MacComb, -whose hair Tfce «W photofnpb ef Mi» Ynsct* MatW Miss May Decaaore. row tba longert.
couches the floor when she stands erect, KSS^t^ittX^*^ haired lady in (he world, say* -IhaYewe*
says: "My hair would not reach below a 2i&^i r h»k"«~l l * *******»• yw» Danderlae ttro years, and my hair has
my .waist when I commenced using »»» m thre* month* of »g«, TrtthtSJ rmtXx tbu E rowa o* 8 * *» *=*** fa* length every montb
Danderine, and it is now over five feet X&^^ZSStff&i^^ 5? LSTSSS. 'SJ* T* "t
in length." (Look at her beautiful f'»««"*ri«W^&<rf&.E.W.K n Sl J» =»* ***&*** krlgoratog qoatt-
hair and judg, for Yourself whether or £ dJ^SS^Z^SS
rot she got the worth of her money.) ffi^.^ ET.^.^
¦ . - V -. , ; ti»o— ihobfagyinid. • and hstm paring.)
iwofcEl (PRETTY SUBSTANTIAL! .k~-»SK2£ ««•«««•
who pnma th«t the *bove ->_^. •¦»¦••¦•¦. | tus KMQ*-L7Ot*D.iX2£*/.vsco..c*.t*»m*t,
nkb ut sot abntatdy ¦ IIUUI Ul III kill I I 2JT ££•"*£<£ \ &Pjfyy J »^" l *™yiS4i*
fenulae »sd tmsaiidted. 1^ IT MAT9 *f ntat ! T> ***** /O^^3?5#^**<nf**^
FREE , t^^SSSS^mS 1^^^^^^^^
For Sale and Guaranteed by RED1NQTON & CO,, VVh.oIesale^Agents
ADVEBTISEilENTS.
Money-Saving Specials in New Spring Goods
We give to-day a few representative items from three depart-
ments to give you an idea of the values we are offering m new
poods — fresh arrivals in cverj' case.
DRESS GOODS SPECIALS.
75c Chiffon Voaes 50c Yard.
Full range of street and evening colorings, especially cham-
pagnes, browns, grays and new blues, also cream and black — all
wool— soft and silky finish— the double width 75c kind. This SQq
$L50 Panne Kersey Cloths $1.00 Yard.
An extra good satin faced, twilled back quality — every thread
WO ol^-steam shrunk and sponged. Width 52 inches. In all the new
shades for sprina: tailor suits, also deep rich black. Ex- c»i f\f\
cdlent value at $1.50 per yard. This week, yard *pi*\JV
$1.00 Glace Mohairs 49c Yard.
A firm, extra heavy iron frame quality. Made of pure mohair
and wool, with a bright" glace finish. Width 50 inches. Colors new
bines,* navys, golden brown?, gun metal grays and deep fast AQr
bhek. This week, yard ~-J~
Extra — 2 case? silk striped French challics. worth 50c OC^
yard. This week, yard- • • tJc/C
SILK SPECIALS.
63c Pongee SilKs 39c Yard
Xtw silk pongee with lace stripes mixed with .a single color
stripe of blue. pink, turquoise, navy and green.
Also a plain heavy pongee.
These good? are fast colors and wash and wear well. Suitable
for suits and waists. Regular 65c value. This week, both OQ r
lines, yard °^^
75c Bombyx Taffetas 55c Yard.
The famous Bombyx taffeta — standard width, in black and
all the newest colors; pure silk and is the strongest fiber rr
known; guaranteed not to crack. This week, yard OOU
GARMENT SPECIALS.
$25.00 Suit $17.50.
Fancy mixed eton suits, trimmed with bands of plain color cloth
to match" materials. Full Q-gore flare skirt. This week..^*^ rr\
Extra heavy quality white India silk waists, tucked tf» j
front and back, with full pouch sleeve. This week *J>O> I O
50c Lace Collars 25c Each.
Our large stock of novelties in this department is being in-
creased daily by importations of silk stocks, lace collarettes, em-
broidered turnovers, Persian coilar and cuff set?, etc. A special of
interest is- thc new imported lace collar we offer for this week r
in Arabian and white, each . . • • £OCElizabeth Allen, housekeeper, San
Jose, filed a petition in insolvency
yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. She owes $2664 and has
J% 50 assets.
Insolvent Housekeeper.
liciously procuring a warrant of ar
rest, had Dr. G. B. Gerlno
E.rrested a few days ago on a charge
of pety larceny for stealing a bottle of
medicine from his office at 628 Mont
gomery street, but the case was dis
missed by Judge Cabaniss.
C. ifynopolis was arrested yesterday
on a warrant from Police Judge Ca
baniss' court charging him with ma-
Accused of Malicious Arrest-
Says Shot Was Accidental.
Captain H. T. Payne of the ship
Mandalay was arrested yesterday on a
charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. He said he was handing a
loaded revolver to Charles Poyer,
watchman on the ship, about 1 o'clock
and it was accidentally discharged, the
bullet lodging in Poyer'a leg. He tele
phoned to the police to send an am
bulance to take Poyer to the Harbor
Emergency Hospital and to his sur
prise was arrested. •
Feld Sentence Postponed.
When Joseph Feld, ex-policeman,
convicted of murder in the first de
gree for shooting and killing his fath
er-in-law, Fritz Dirking, appeared be
fore Judge Dunne yesterday for sen
tence his attorney, W. H. Alford,
asked for a continuance till April 2,
which was granted. Alford explained
that he intended at that time to file
a motion for a new trial. Feld has
entirely lost his feeling of confidence
and kept his head down all the time
he was in court.
Cook Mysteriously Disappears.
The mysterious dlsapearance of Wil
liam Lindsay, a cook, 27 years of age,
was reported to the police yesjerday
by J. C. Hayes, his brother-in-law.
Hayes said that Lindsay, who lived
with hW mother and sister at 9% Har
rison street, went to the Western Land
Company's office on Market street on
Garnett's Motion Denied.
The motion of Attorney W. D. Grady
on behalf of Alexander B. Garnett,
charged with the murder of Major J.
"W. McClung. for the appointment of a
commission to take the deposition ot
Mrs. Elizabeth Hitchcok-Coit was de
nied by Judge Lawlor yesterday. The
Judge gave as his reasons that Mrs.
Coit could not be located definitely
and that her deposition taken at the
preliminary hearing could be utilized
at the trial.
Send 10 cent* in stamps to R. R. Ritchie,
Xo. 617 Market street. San Franeiaco. for
Rus-o-Ja.par.ese War Atlas, issued by the
Chicago and North-Western Railway. ' Thre«
fine-colored maj-s. each 14x20. bound in con
venient form for reference. The Eastern «it
uatlrn shown in detail, with tables ehowinn
relative military and naval streneth and
financial resources of Russia and Japan. *
The Xorth-Westcrn line Russia-
Japan Atlas.
• • •
! Six soldiers were holding revelry in
1 the .North Star saloon, 522 Pacific
street, last Friday night when they in
cidentally asaulted Andrew Jackson,
Judge Conlan discharged about a
dozen men who had been arrested for
playing poker at the Seattle Club, in
the Baldwin annex. The place was
raided Friday evening by order of Po
lice Captain Duke, and in dismissing
the cases Judge Conlan expressed re
gret that the arrests had been made.
The police, he said, had no more right
to invade the Seattle Club, which Is a
i duly organized social association, than
they have to raid the Pacific-Union or
the Bohemian.
Chris Norton, teamster, and Flor
ence Cummings were married about a
year ago and friends of the young
couple ¦• predicted a happy life for
both of them, but the'prophecy failed
of fulfillment. The husband was be
fore Cabaniss yesterday on a charge
of battery and the complainant was
the wife, who alleged that he had
shoved her head through a pane of
glass and knocked out several of her
teeth last Friday at the residence of
her mother, 252 Natoma street. The
case was continued until Mr. Norton
can consturct some kind of a de
fense.
According to the story told by the
officer, George was the ringleader of
a gang of boys who "guyed" a lady
vocalist while she was waf bling a
ballad about home and mother, and
when expostulated with, George be
came "sassy." Then the policeman
boxed his ears and ejected him, but
George remained in front of the the
ater and created such an uproar that
his arrest was considered. essential to
the peace of the neighborhood.
As an officer had cuffed George's
head, which he had no legal right to
do, the Judge discharged the defend
ant with a reprimand.
It was in a Broadway home of
vaudeville • that George Roderegers
committed the offense for which he
was arrested and tried before Caban
iss. The complainant was a special
policeman employed to preserve prop
er decorum in the temple of amuse
ment and the charge was disturbance
of the peace.
In the court of Judge Fritz there
was on exhibition yesterday the gam
ing device by means of which Stan- i
islaus Buchek of 1010 Montgomery
street alleged he had been swindled
out of $260 by Jacob Schubener, Ed
ward Downey, Edward Gregg and
Thomas Henry on February 29' at
Bush and Dupont streets. It was a
simple-looking arrangement, consist
ing of three stuffed dolls suspended
above a wooden incline, thickly and
irregularly studded with iron spikes
and divided Into compartments at the
bottom. The game was to fling a rub
ber ball at one of the dolls, and the
compartment into which the ball
dropped after its devious windings
among the spikes called for a certain
prize.
Mr. Buchek simply wanted a box of
cigars when he began shying 'at the
dolls — 25 cents per shy — but for some
reason he failed to land a ball in the
compartment he aimed for. He was
becoming discouraged when one of
the defendants picked up a. ball and
either by phenomenal skill or extra
ordinary luck won a fat money prize
by his first shot. Thus he was tempt
ed to remain with the game and in
crease his wagers, Mr. Buchek ex
plained, until he had droopped $280,
and would have stayed longer with it
if the defendants had not suddenly
disappeared. His testimony was ad
duced through the medium of an in
terpreter and he was on the stand
about three hours. Then a continu
ance till next Wednesday, v.as ordered.
Failure to keep his expenses within
his legitimate income was the basic
William Bell, the painter who threat
ened to cut the throat of former Park
Commissioner . M. Jasper McDonald,
was placed under $1000 bonds to keep
the peace by Judge Cabaniss.' The
charge of threatening to kill failed of
proof, whereas the accusation of dis
turbing the peace would probably have
resulted in conviction.
Joseph Hill, James Murray and
Thomas Brown, shabby genteel young
fellows, were before" Cabaniss on the
charge of having broken the seal of the
refrigerator car in the Southern Pa
cific yards in which they were found
concealed by Special Policeman O'Con
nor. Attorney • Frank Kelley appeared
in behalf of the railroad company, and
the vigor with which he prosecuted the
case provoked mild remonstrance from
the bench.
It was shown that the three lads
had boarded the car at Monterey, had
remained in it until it arrived at Fourth
and Townsend streets, and were almost
frozen when the policeman found them.
The charge that they broke the seal
was not proved, and then Mr. Kelley
insisted that they be held for vagrancy,
but this the Judge declined to do after
he had ascertained from the defendants
that they came from the East and wer*
seeking employment. So they were dis
charged.
Peter Bargone, a teamster, had a
quarrel with a fellow workman one day
last January at North Beach, and In
the course of the dispute Peter hurled
a heavy rock at his opponent. The mis
sile flew wide of its intended mark and
caromed from the skull of an onlooker
named Reuben Curtis, inflicting a
wound so severe as to keep Reuben
confined in a hospital for a month.
When Peter was arrested and taken
before Judge Mogan he expressed deep
contrition and promised to defray all
the pecuniary expense that his faulty
marksmanship had created for Reuben,
and with that understanding he was
discharged from custody. But he failed
to keep his word, and yesterday he was
again before Judge Mogan to show
cause. He pleaded inability to pay as
per promise, but extended renewed as-'
surance that he is now able and willing
to do so. The case was continued till
to-morrow to give him ah opportunity
to make good his assertion.
• • •
Annie Kearney v.as indulging in a
skirt dance on the sidewalk at Third
and Howard streets when Policemen
Owen3 and Cameron ran across her
very early yesterday morning, and for
the seventh time she was booked for
vagrancy. Six months was the punish
ment prescribed for Annie by Judge
Mogan, and she smiled as the words
were spoken.
« • •
colored, so grievously as to make him
unconscious, in which condition he was
removed to the Harbor Hospital. While
under treatment there he recovered his
senses and became so violent that the
operating surgeons had difficulty in re
straining him from injuring them and
himself. In self-jirotectlon they were
obliged to- dose him heavily with chlo
roform. But that's another story.
J. W. Calgren. a soldier, was before
Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge of
having been drunk and incapable the
previous night on the Barbary Coast,
and when the Judge asked him if he
remembered having been arrested he
said he did not, but had "hazy recollec
tion of having smashed a nigger on the
head with a beer glass." Policeman
Joy, who had made the arrest, failed
to appear when called to prosecute Cal
gren. and the case was continued until
to-morrow, when an effort will prob
ably be made to identify the defendant
as one of the military assailants of An
drew Jackson, colored, in the North
Star saloon.
.Tinier Morrow Refuses a Writ of Ha- j
boas Corpos on Behalf of Gam
bler Ah Sin.
Barred doors at the entrance to
•social"' clubs in Chinatown may be
legislated against by the city author
ities without coming in conflict with !
ihe constitution of the United States, j
Such was the expresrion of opinion :
of Uni;ed States Circuit Judge Mor- j
I <>\v yesterday when he denied the pe- ,
Utton of George D. Collins for a writ j
<>f habeas corpus on behalf of Ah Sin, ;
w ho was convicted in the Police Court j
uf having been found in a Chinese
pamblhig Jen behind barricaded
<joors.
Mr. Collins raided the contention
that the municipal ordinance making
it a crime to visit such a guarded
place in which fantan. dice or other
gambling layouts were exposed to
view was In conflict with the four
teenth amendment to the constitution
of the United States.
Jud?re Morrov.- gave a long list of
precedents for his action in denying
the writ.
DECUIBJBS BARKED DOOR
LAW COXSTITUTIOXALi
Victim of "Doll and Ball" Game Tells His Honor
Fritz of the Means by Which Four Defendants
Tempted Him to Linger With the Shrewd Devxe
J. J. Schinick, a marine fireman,
was booked at the City Prison yester
day by Policemen Moran and Rugglea
on a charge of grand larceny. On Fri
day evening the officers were notified
by C. B. Juarez that two men had
robbed a sleeping man in a lumber
yard at Fremont and Brannan streets.
He pointed out Schinick as one of the
two men. The sleeper was Victor
Westerholm. a laborer, and he claimed
that all his money had been taken out
of his pockets.
Accused of Grand Larcenj.
PLAYS TO WIN A BOX OF CIGARS
AND STAYS TILL HE LOSES $280
George Dowie is a legless tourist,
who ostensibly supports himself by
selling lead pencils, but whose real
mode of subsistence is begging. He is
well known to the police of every large
city in the United States and the po
lice everywhere ' are inclined to treat
him leniently, because of his crippled
condition and probably because he
does not remain long enough in any
town to become a pest. His nether
limbs were amputated at the th'gh
and by means of a small vehicle;
Mrs. Lizie Hansen, wife of August,
the terrible little Swede, who fought
two stalwart policemen on Welch
street until they were compelled to
club him into subjection, pleaded hard
when she was called for sentence by
Judge Mogan. "While on the stand
the previous day she flatly denied
every statement made by the com
plaining officers and emphatically con
tradicted Patrolman Foley's assertion
that she had torn his coat, although
the badly rent garment was submitted
in evidence, but yesterday she dis
played less resentful spirit and humbly
offered to provide the policeman with
a new coat if the court -would permit
her to do so. His Honor acquiesced
and the case was continued to give the
lady opportunity to procure the prom
ised article of apparel.
men" ran across James Andrews in
Union Square and a search of his per
son rewarded them to the extent of
finding a queer looking instrument
with a wooden handle, capped by an
iron knob. So they booked James on a
charge of carrying a concealed deadly
weapon, and when Judge Mogan yes
terday asked him what use he had for
the ugly looking implement he replied
that he carried it "for protection." He
furthermore stated that he came here
from Santa Rosa, but failing to assign
any logical reason for his visit he was
held for further investigation.
In their quest for footpads last Fri
day night some of the "plain clothes
John Kelly, a coal-black negro who
speaks with a rich Hibernian accent
and claims the green isle as his birth
place, was pronounced guilty of va
grancy by Mogan. It was Kelly's third
convictidn on that charge, and he look
ed appeallngly but in vain at Bailiff
Hickey, whom he once attempted to
convince that they were born in the
same sweet county of Tlpperary. He
will be sentenced to-morrow.
William Grash is* a traveling tailor
who makes a specialty of selling civil
ian attitre to soldiers at the Presidio.
He thus dsposed of a suit to an In
fantryman, who premised to pay him
$8 for it within a reasonable period,
but at the end of a year the debt re
mained and the debtor had been dis
charged from the army. When the ex
warrior wer.t to the Southern Pacific
passenger office last Friday and pur
chased a ticket for Dallas, Tex., at a
¦cost of $27 50 cash, his creditor, who
had surreptitiously followed him,
snatched the ticket from his hand and
refused to give it up until his $8 was
paid. The railroad people were ap
pealed to. and they gave the intending
traveler another ticket and had the
tailor arrested for disturbing the peace.
Judge Mogan ¦ yesterday told the de
fendant that he- had acted very arbi
trarily and hinted that when he comes
up for sentence to-morrow he will get
at least twentj'-four hours' imprison
ment.
cause of C. E. Suttner's arrest on a
charge of passing a fictitious check. He
is a commercial tourist, and finding
himself short of the cash necessary to
pursue a higher course of living than
his salary warranted, he obtained $40
from one Floyd, a California-street sa
loon-keeper, by tendering him a check
which was worthless. The complaint
was heard by Judge Cabaniss, who held
Suttner for felony.
William Ackerson, arrested for petty
larcency, was convicted before Judge
Conlan and will be sentenced to-mor
row.
which he propels with his hands, he
manages to circulate.
When he was arrested for disturbing
the peace last Friday evening on Mar
ket street the unfortunate mendicant
was intoxicated and combative and the
saloon-keeper whose premises he in
vaded and threatened to demolish was
grateful to see him in custody. Judge
Cabaniss tempered justice -with mercy
by allowing the defendant to go free
atfer he had promised to leave for Los
Angeles last night.
Tuesday and drew $300. He left there
to go home and was seen by a friend
at Seventh and Howard streets. He
never reached home and it is feared
that he may have met with foul play.
He was steady in his habits arjd was
the sole support of Iiis widowed
mother and sister. .
John Sullivan, alias Jack Furey, Is
1 "the tanks"' at the City Prison
awaiting; the arrival of an officer from
Salt I^ike City to take him there.
Southern Pacific detectives and the j
luc-al police have been searching for 1
bim for three or four months, as he j
:s supposed to te one of a gang that \
committed numerous robberies at Salt j
Lake City and Ogden and shot and j
killed two special officers last fall.
Sullivan arrived at Oakland from
Osden in tlie latter part of December
ar.d w2ls shot in the arm xi-hile leaving
•J:e car on which he had been stealing
& ride. He claimed that he had been
held up, but the police are satisfied
that he was shot by another of the
gang that had come West with him.
lie gave the name of Jack Furey and
•was taken to the Emergency Hospital
In Oakland. By some means he learn
ed that a detective from Salt Lake City
•R-as looking for him and he quietly
disappeared from the hospital.
Detectives Ryan and Taylor were
detailed on the case and they learned
that Sullivan's mother, Mrs. Wieland,
lived at 312 York street in this city, j
They watched the place for some days, |
and. failing to find Sullivan, left word !
¦clSh Captain Anderson at the Seven- i
teenth-stxeet Police station to be on
the lookout for him. Captain Ander- i
ton detailed Detective Fitzgerald and
Policeman Suttman on the case and |
they arrested Sullivan on Thursday .
right and locked him up in "the
tanks."
Yesterday H. A. Borchert, steward
at the hospital in Oakland, had a look
at Sullivan at the City Prison and
positively identified him as Jack
Furey, who had been treated for a
wounded arm and who had mysteri
ously disappeared. The Salt Lake City
authorities were notified by Chief
who received a reply that
an officer would be sent at once with
the necessary papers for Sullivan's ex
tradition.
PBISOX
N Accused uf Belonging
to Gang of Uobbers That
JIurdered Two Officers
NOW IX CITY
John Sullivan. Alias Jack
Furey, Wanted by Police of
Osrden and Salt Luke City
WILL BE TAKEN
EAST FOR TRIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. MARCH 13. 1904.
29
OBAPE-yTJTS.
OX A RANCH.
Woman Found the Food That Fitted
Her.
A newsr^per woman went out to a
Colorado ranch to rest and recuperate
and her experience with the food prob-
lem Is worth recounting.
•'The woman at the ranch was pre-
eminently the worst housekeeper I
have ever knoTra — r>oor soul and poor
me!
"I eimply had to have food good and
rienty of it, for I had broken down
from overwork and was. so weak I
cou!<l r*ot sit up over one hour at a
lime. I knew I could not get well un-
less I secured food I could easily di-
z*zx. ar.d that would supply the great-
rEt amount of nourishment.
"One day I obtained permission to go
thruugh the pantry and see what I
could find. Amoner other things I came
across a package of Grape-Nuts, which
1 had heard of. but never tried. I read
the description on the package and be-
came deeply interested, eo then and
there I rA a saucer and some cream
ar.'l tried *ihn famous food.
"It tasted delicious to me and seemed
ti» freshen and strengthen me greatly.
so I stipulated that Grane-Xuts and
cream be provided each day instead of
other food and I literally lived on
Orare-Nuts and cream for two or three
r.:-jnths.
"If yon could ha\*e seen how fast I
pot -.veil it would have pleased and sur-
prircd sou. I am now perfectly well
and strong again and know exactly
how I got well and that was on Grape-
N'uts that furnished me a powerful
food I could digest and make use of.
"It peems to me no brain worker can
afford to overlook Grape-Nuts after my
experience." Name given by Postum
Co... Battle Creek, Mich.
Get the miniature book, "The Road
to Wellville," in each packap*
ADVEBTISEMfSNTS. ._
7V The body requires ten glasses of &r r
fluid per day: Most people drink too little to
< W flush the body of its waste: The result is /bad ]t
vf. J . •//
ll Then the doctor says "Drink More;" and he ML
%}( knows this advice to be worth more than */
|||l That's one reason why pure beer is good for you. .|||
iirp It leads you to drink more. And the beer is
r- also a food and a tonic. But the beer-must be pure. t^l
Schlitz beer is brewed in absolute cleanliness and 0k[
vf cooled in filtered air. It is aged for mofiths ys
A so it will not cause biliousness. . A I
/»] That's why doctors say "Schlitz/' Ask for the V i w
Ifl 1/ ' « . • y y
-: Brewery Bottling. Los Angeles— sherwood & SHERWOOD-San Francisco. jA
yS. ~i wholesale Distributers ffi \
B The Beer That Made Milwaukee Famous. B
JPRAGERS j PHAdERS | - PRAGERS | PRAGERS f> |^ PBAOE3S | PRAGERS
¦ * Every Ihing Now Ready in the Women's Coat / Great Special Sale of the Newest
«» i 4 9SX^'^^r ¦*rf < §& *^K and Suit Section for Spring Business, Wash Goods,
W -Si H miH fl H Wr % *yffl HT** HERE are some very attractive styles now on l^T EVER has there been such a practically unlimited
l - /4pfc»» I* IkJillljlLlL *l 2LM I display in this part of the store. We have gathered j^ variety of patterns as is shown in the wash goods
f P J *^^e*!rW^^ C^^ together probably the largest assortment of mode- for this season. Every piece we have is imported
j v^^X <^^__Jr *• rate price garments in' th N c city'/and our aim will be to give directly from the East and assures the buyer of the most
HJ A.'LM^Y'S RELIABLE the highest values regardless of the prices of other estab- up-to-date and swellest materials that are made.
I $^ fOQQ < q[»a ivTA TV17"T7T« 62T* at lislimcnts. . « ORGANDIES.
* l^Oa-1/SPUlVlAMiiJll oLjokesI SUITS. Fine white French organdie, sheer fality. Suitable for con-
~Z\ 72 I _. - ¦ + <*•!• $14.05 — Military suit, made of fancy mixtures; has pretty formation dresses waists etc
UnilSUOlly Interesting NeWS Of SllkS military coat. The collar is beautifully trimmed with Persian Urination dresses, uaists • «£ .
~~ — : bands. Skirts are made walking length. Also French vo.le -ot a jard-Kegu ar 4 oc 6 rade.
and DreSS GOOdS. dresses; the jacket is made Eton style with very deep capes and «5c a yard— Regular 50c grade.
the front is, trimmed with braid. The skirt is made with train 45c a yard— Regular 70c grade.
THERE 1.-- always being manufactured new lines of and also braid trimmed. Colors champagne, light gray, blue, 734. a yard— Regular $1.00 grade,
goods, and every store that pretends to keep abreast of brown and black^^W^e^als^have^ eight other styles at ttus low linqn.
the times is continually receiving shipments, no matter PnC^lJ>.75— We^show^rnany handsome styles at this price and 19c a yard — We have the finest and sheerest grade' in this
what the season may be. Already there are several new lines all are exclusive. One particularly pretty style is made of material. Makes into pretty waists, underwear, children's
in our stock, and for to-morrow*'s business we have selected knotted etamine in Eton style with double pointed capes and dresses> ctCij an( i w jh wash well. Worth 35c
a few specials which will show all of the very latest ideas. A f^ ™T^T^o^l ' OXFORDS.
visit to this department will convince you of the extraordin- train . 2 - other, styles also. Worth up to $3500. - _ _,¦ i 5c a yard— This line includes whi;e Oxfords; some plain,
ary care we are taking to give satisfaction in every purchase. $31.50, J^il.oO, J?24.O3 — The most beautiful line ot suits others with pretty satin damask figures, corded piques with open
• ;-• COLORED DRESS GOODS. anc^ d rcsses ever seen * n San Francisco at the price. work stripes also. All are worth 30c and 35c a yard.
Scotch Tweeds } COATS. NAINSOOKS.
Henrietta $7.45— Handsome covert coats, either half-fitted or full box 7c a y ar d_Satin finish nainsooks; pretty broken checks and
Batiste - 50C a Yd back < the latter especially adapted for misses), lined with guar- st ripes. Sold elsewhere at 10c a yard.
Alpaca anteed satiu. They are made collarless and the entire coat is CASHMERE
Etamine beautifully stitched. ,., U : J .-v t-*.i.£ t. -i
TnrAu 90.05, .$10.45, $12.45 and up— We show everything that 15c a yard— 40-inch cream cashmere, the finest wash material
CREAM DRESS GOODS. > new in toV ert and broadcloth coats. ¦ . ever shown for waists and dresses.
Albatross "] Egyptian Crepel — ,^_— — — — — — — — — — — — —^— — - ——
Figured Alpaca Henrietta' «c v . KITCHEN UTENSILS. WOMEN'S SHOES. MEN'S AND BOYS' SHOES. 1 -«.«.- + t -
Meirose h 50c a Yd " .?" . \ ?5c a Yd -^ t . • The Policy of This
Henrietta Bnlhantine , SSc— Galvanized wash boilers, $3.00— A complete line of $3.oO— New .arrivals in mens " ..
Plain Alpaca J Bedford Goth J stamped cover, o : A by 18. French heel shoes for women; shoes; vici kid Oxford light Store HaS Not
43e a yard-We have just received another shipment of spring 4Sc_Japanned bread and cake fc cok v or kid with iS™*^™" s Scdy up"t£ Thanffwl Thi» U<ml
shades in Albatross. The colors are sky, pink, cream, lilac, nile, boxes; heavy blocked tin. ** • . ,- ht flcxible / f ota V ' aSt " AstnctJ > U P to 1 De USUat
SS£P CadCt ' C " dina1 ' °' d r ° Se ' DaVy " d b ' aCk - A " S "'" 5 ° C -«r Sa d vy°b,7cS e T' > i 1 ap g aS"d; p* aT^SLT %$$%%& s Coo. shoes; Courtesies Wffl Con-
ciiKs Sizes 8 Ly 10 and 10 by 10. 92.5U— Women's vici kid pat- heavy satm calf uppers, double
75c to $1.25_Fine silks for shirt waist suits-our assortment 4«c_Heavy glass rolling pins ent tip shoes, lace or button, «t«sion soles, sol, d J^her m tllHie.
is about complete, and we pride ourselves in showing the most up- wooden handles. Can be filled flexible and extension soles, mill- sole* and counters. 5 11 / 2 I I
to-date -silks P at popular prfces. , , with cracked ice] tary or Cuban heels. . to 2. Sizes to a tt, »l~o.-The Russians assert that- if war
comes with Japan it will mark the be
ginning of the great struggle between
Christianity s and heathenism. If Rus
sia is the best exponent of Christianity
and -Japanese civilization is typical of
heathenism, '<¦ it's us to the woods. —
Memphis Scimitar,
Safety in Flight.
Class IiCHsons.
) "Here is an advertisement of a man
who offers to teach French in six
weeks for $10," said the shoe clerk
boarder, peaking over his paper.
"What system is that?" asked the
school teacher, boarder.
, '.'The mass-meeting plan," said the
comedian boarder. — Cleveland Leader.
German Embezzler Ends Life.
BERLIN, March 12.— Herr Preutz, an
official of the Berlin branch of the Bre
men Life Insurance Bank, committed
suicide to-day in Grossllchtfelde, a
suburb of Berlin, . at the moment he
was about to be arrested for the em
bezzlement of $7500.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, March 12.— «The fol
lowing- Calif ornlans have arrived:
From San Francisco — A. Pollak, at
the Herald Square; H. Robinson, at
the Ashland; Miss Randolph, at the
Criterion.
From San Jose — W. M. Scott, at the
Westminster.
From Los Angeles — F. A. .Swan, at
the Park Avenue.
Mrs. Craven Reported Very 111.
ST. LOUIS, March 12.— Mrs. Nettie R.
Craven, who contested the will of the
late Senator Fair, the California mil
lionaire, on the ground that she was
his legal wife, is reported lying in a
critical condition at the Southern Hotel
as the. result of injuries she received
several days ago in a street car colli
sion.. Mrs. Craven was unconscious
when taken to the hotel and was un
known, her door key alone making
known the fact that she was stopping
at the Southern. When she regained
consciousness she requested that the
closest secrecy be maintained and that
her identity be not revealed. /«» . -'-
WASHINGTON, March 12. — By direction of
tho President the new military poet under
construction at Haines, Alaska, will be known
ao Fort William H. Seward, in memory of the
services of the Secretary of State ln negotiat
or the purchase of Alaska.
Waves Wash Body Near Bolinas.
SAN RAFAEL. March 12. — Coroner
Sawyer was notified late this after
noon that the body of a man was
found near Bolinas. It is presumed
that the body is that of Captain Ross,
the bay pilot, who was washed over
board several days ago.
Pledge Themselves to Beautify City. |
SAN MATEO, March 12. — At a large
meeting of the Civic Club Thursday
night resolutions were unanimously
adopted indorsing and pledging the
club's "support to the three candidates
for City Trustees, L. B. Doe, A. B. Ford
and J. J. O'Brien. The election will be
held April 11 and there will be three
vacancies in the board to be filled,
Duncan Hayne, H. H. Taylor and J.
P. Brown retiring. The candidates an
nounced will make the race on a plat
form pledged to improve the streets
and sidewalks and to beautify the city
in every way. In an interview they
declare it their policy to ignore the
liquor license question and all other
issues not bearing particularly upon'
the single and paramount question of
improvement. •»
Clears Innocent Man of Suspicion.
SAN JOSE, March 12. — F. W. Ma
gujre, the man who stole the express
box from a Southern Pacific train near
Paso Robles and who was recently
sentenced to fourteen years in San
Quentin, has confessed to having bur
glarized the safe of Hubbard & Car
michael in this city in September, 1902,
when about $500 was taken. Maguire
said fie understood another man had
been convicted of that crime and he
wished to clear him. In this he was
mistaken. His confession, however,
clears an innocent man of suspicion.
Gas Causes Young: Woman's Death.
SACRAMENTO, March 12.— Miss
Laura Charest, aged 22 years, was ac
'cidentally asphyxiated at her home in
this city last night. She was taking
a bath and was evidently overcome
by gas escaping from a heater. She
was found dead in the bathroom this
morning by her mother.
DENTISTS NOT CALLED
DOCTORS IXi-GERMAXY
Three American Practitioners Raise
; . an Issue Which Is Decided in
Courts i'. *& „ .';
BERLIN, March .l^.-^The 9 highest
court of appeal in the German empire
has been busy with the case of three
American dentists, resident in Dresden,
who were indicted for using the title
"Dr Dent. Surg" or "Dr. Chir. Dent."
after their names on their door plates.
The German dentists in Dresden con
tended that the appearance of the title
"Dr." conveyed a false impression. •
Dr. Hendrick and his two American
colleagues proved that they got their
degree from a school of American
dental surgery. But the court held that
the Americans are not entitled to the
use of the title "doctor*'; that their use
of it would be deceptive, and that if
they persist in using it they must be
punished.
CONFIRMS NOMINATIONS.
Senate Acts . Favorably on Appoint- j
ments Made by President. j
WASHINGTON, March 12. — The I
Senate to-day confirmed the follow- |
ing nominations: H. Smith Woolley,
assayer, United States assay office at
Boise City, Idaho. Postmasters:
Idaho — -Mary A. Fall, Blackfoot.
Washington — Henry A. Rathbone, :
Marysville; W. E. Foster, Sedro-
Woolley. Captain Qeorge A. Con
verse to be chief of the Bureau of
Ordnance in the Department of the
Navy with the rank of rear admiral;
Captain Henry N. Manners, to be chief
of the Bureau of Equipment in the
Department of the Navy with the rank ;
of rear admiral; also several promo- -j
tions in the navy. . .
A XOTHERV CONTESTANT
IN THE PIEltCY CASE
San Jose Will Litigation Complicated
by Appearance of Beatrice
M. Morris.
SAN JOSE, March 12. — A new con
testant has appeared in the Piercy
estate matter. This is Beatrice M.
Morris, a granddaughter of Mrs. Mary
L. Piercy, deceased, and over whose
estate there is a big row. Beatrice
Morris brings suit against Edward M.
¦Piercy .to annul a deed made by her
.grandmother to defendant of 1100 acres
•of land near this city and valued at
about $20,000. The plaintiff alleges that
at the timp Mrs. Piercy made the deed
-she was over SO years of age and feeble
in min<i and body and incompetent to
transact any business. She declares
that Edward Piercy obtained the deed
to the lan<i by means of threats, per
su.ision and false promises and fraud
ulent representations. She asks that
the deed be canceled and the property
•declared part of the estate and dis
tributed to the heirs, of whom the
plaintiff is one.
SAX MATEO BANKS
TO BE REORGANIZED
Capital Stock Is Increased suul a Sav
ings Department Will Be
Added.
SAN MATEO, March 12.— At a meet
ing of the directors of the San Mateo
Bany Thursday it was decided to re- j
organize that institution, increase the i
capital stock and add a savings depart- |
ment. The death of Senator J. D. |
Byrnes and Phil M. Roedel left the !
positions of president and cashier va- '.
cant and these were -filled by the elec- j
tion of J. J. Fagan as president and
cashier. Mr. Fagan is vice, president
of the American National Bank of San j
Francisco, but will take an active part ;
in the management of the San Mateo
Bank. He and John H. Coleman of ;
this city were elected directors, leaving I
one vacancy on the board yet to be j
filled. The capital stock will be not j
less than $100,000 and possibly more, j
and a new brick building will be erect- j
ed to house the institution. ;
The Commercial and Savings Bank of
San Mateo is also being organized
with a capital of $100,000. A. P. Gian
nini, Andrea Sbarboro, D. W. Don
nelly, L. C. McAfee, Baldwin & Howell,
F. Levy and other prominent business
men are the projectors of this institu
tion and it seems likely that San
Mateo will have two strong, heavily
capitalized banks, where only one
comparatively small one now exists.
The new institution has opened its sub
scription books and $30,000 was sub
scribed on the first day. They, too, will
erect a brick building, and it may be
decided to make a national bank of it.
SAYS THE PICTURE IN
LOUVRE IS NOT GENUINE
M. Mariottc Claims to Have the
Original Raphael "La Belle
Jardiniere."
PARIS, March 12.— Art experts this
week have had interesting ground for
.the exercise of their knowledge. . II.
Mariotte claimed to have purchased in
Mayence an original picture by Ra
phael, "La Belle Jardiniere." He states
that the picture in the Louvre Is but
a copy and challenges the critics. The
history of the canvas in the Louvre is
well known. It was purchased by Fran
cis L and M. Mariotte has written to
the Minister of Fine Arts asking that
the picture be compared.
The Marquise de Wentworth has re
turned to her hotel ln the Avenue des
Champs Elysees from Rome, bringing
back many paintings and studies. Not
the least interesting sketches adorning
the walls of her studio are scenes from
the Vatican, which will serve for a i
large canvas depicting the last mo- j
ments of the late Pope. The sketches !
comprise the furniture of Leo XIII's
room and portraits of Cardinals "and j
others present at the Pope's death. j
EFFORT WILL BE -MADE
FOR THE FILIPINOS
Committee to Aslc the National Con
ventions to Indorse Independ
ence Movement.
NEW YORK, March 12.— A circular
has been issued by the Philippine inde
pendence committee which announces
that an effort will be made in the ap
proaching national conventions for the
adoption of resolutions pledging to the
people of the Philippine Islands their
ultimate independence upon terms sim
ilar to those offered to Cuba. On the
committee are:
Charles F. Adams, Massachusetts; Dr.
Felix Adler, New York; President Edwin A.
Alderman, Louisiana: James M. Allen, Cali
fornia: W. H. Baldwin Jr., New York; Gen
eral Ii. Brinkerhoff, Ohio; George Burnham
Jr., Pennsylvania; Andrew Carnegie, New
York; President George C. Chase, Maine; R.
Fulton Cutting, New York; President Charles
W. Eliot, Massachusetts; Philip C. Garrett,
Pennsylvania; Judge George Gray. Delaware;
President G. ' Stanley Hall, Massachusetts!
Chancellor Walter B. Hill, Georgia; W. D.
Howells. New York; Rev. W. U. Huntington,
New York: President William DeW. Hyde t
Maine; Professor William James, Massachu
setts; President David Starr Jordan, Califor
nia; President Henry Churchill Klngr, Ohio;
Professor J. Lawrence Laughlln, Illinois;
Charles F. Lummin, California; Hon. Samuel
W. McCall, Massachusetts; Wayne MacVeagh,
"Washington, D. C; Bishop W. N. McVlckar,
Rhode Island; Rev. C. H. Parkhurst, New
York; General William J. Palmer, Colorado;
George Foster Peabody, New York; Bliss Per
ry, Massachusetts : Bishop Henry C. Potter.
New York; Hon. U. M» Rose, Arkansas; Pres
ident J. G. Schurman, New York; Professor
Edwin R. A. Seligman, New York: President
Isaao Sharpless, Pennsylvania; Hon. Hoke
Smith, Georgia ; Judge Rufus B. Smith ' Ohio;
Bishop J. L. Spalding, Illinois; Professor W.
G. Sumner, Connecticut; Robert Ellis Thomp
son, Pennsylvania; Professor " Henry Van
Dyke, New Jersey; Horace White, New York.
The circular contains also the names
of the following persons who indorse
the movement: George F. Edmunds, J.
Card. Gibbons, Richard Watson Gilder,
Judson Harmon, F. D. Huntington, W.
H. H. Miller. Charles Eliot Norton,,
Robert C. Ogden and Francis Lynde
Stetson. ¦ ' ' i
PORT TOWNSEND, March 12.— A
report from Fort Casey, received here
by wireless telegraph, states that a
small steamer was sighted this after
noon aground near Partridge Point,
Whidby Island. The steamer was
whistling: and flying distress signals.
At 3:30 p. m. the steamer was seen
from Fort Casey apparently one mile
from shore. Five minutes later she
was not in sight and had probably
sunk. The tug Sea Lion was dispatched
from Port Townsend at 4:45 o'clock arid
reached the scene of the supposed dis
aster before dark, but was unable to
find any wreckage. While so far as
known no local steamers are missing it
Is possible the Ill-fated craft is the
steamer Hope, which left here to-day
for Bellingham, Wash.
Tug Sent to the Scene of the
Disaster Is Unable to Find
Any Trace of the Craft
LATER IT DISAPPEARS
WASHINGTON, March 12.— Jacob
Fisher, the i present Postmaster at
Hastings, Neb., resumed his statement
to-day before the special Senate com
mittee appointed to* Investigate the
charges against Senator Dietrich. Sen
ator Speoner attended the meeting to
day, but Senator Cockrell was absent.
Fisher said that at the time he was
appointed Postmaster his relations
with Hahn had been rather unfriendly;
that previous to that time Hahn made
dally visits to his (Fisher's) place of
business, but that these visits stopped
when he received the news of his ap
pointment. He did not recall any visit
by 'Hahn on April 23, and he was sure
that under the circumstances he would
not have asked Hahn what he thought
erf his (Fisher's) appointment as Post
master as his (Hahn's) successor, as
Hahn had testified.
"That statement I absolutely deny,"
said the witness.
Fisher also said that he had not asked
Hahn what the office paid, and flatly
contradicted Hahn's statement that he
had asked Hahn to consult a lawyer
for him to ascertain whether he would
have to pay a note he might give to
Dietrich to secure the appointment.
"I never asked Hahn," he said, "and
no note was given."
Edwin E. Francis, deputy Postmaster
at Hastings under Fisher, was the next
witness. Replying to questions by
Platt. he said that he had agreed to
pay half the rental of a back room
of the Dietrich building and had done
so for five months, the total being $41.
The arrangement was that he would
have half of any proceeds derived from
the room. They had made an effort to
rent the room to the Western Union
Telegraph Company, but had failed.
He said these arrangements, on ac
count of the room, had nothing to do
with his salary. He contradicted the
statement of Hahn that he had as
sented to a statement that he (Francis)
had had to pay $100 to Dietrich or that
he had told Hahn that Fisher had paid
$200 to Dietrich.
IXTI3IIDATES WITNESS.
Francis testified that he. had had a
conversation with District Attorney
Summers relative to testifying before
the Grand Jury in the case of Diet
rich. ' Batty then asked for the par
ticulars of that conversation, but be
fore he could reply Senator Hoar in
terposed an inquiry as to the purpose
of the examination.
"We want," Batty replied, "to show
the pressure that the District Attorney
puts upon witnesses in these j cases;
that he told the witness that if he did
not testify he was himself liable to
prosecution and Imprisonment."
Senator Hoar suggested that such a
line of inquiry would broaden the in
quiry to an undesirable extent, and
after conversation with Senator Diet
rich the attorney temporarily with
drew the question.
Hardy Gregory, a postofflce inspec
tor, testified ! to .conversations he; said
he had had last December with Fisher
and Francis relative to moneys paid
to Dietrich on account of the back
room partitioned off from the post
office.. ..... ,.,, ¦..
Fisher's statement, he said, was that
the original lease was to j be knocked
in the head ¦ because of the reduction
of the rent from $1800 to $1500; that
Dietrich said he (Fisher) and the citi
zens of the place should take the fix
tures of the Grand Army of the Re
public post off his hands, but that
Fisher had said he would not ask the
people but would do so himself. After
this Dietrich had told Fisher that
when he went to Washington he would
recommend Fisher's appointment as
postmaster, although it was under
stood the appointment was in no way
dependent upon the payment for the
furniture.
TEIXS ABOUT RENTAL.
Gregory also said that Fisher and
Francis told him about the rental of
the back room, but their statements
as related by Gregory did not differ
materially from their statements to
the committtee. He said that Fran
cis had told him that. Fisher, in re
turning the rent money for the room,
had said that Dietrich had refunded
the money, saying that there had been
some comment about the transaction
and he did not. want to continue the
arrangement. These ' conversations,
Gregory said, had occurred at Omaha
at the time the Grand Jury investiga
tion into the Dietrich cafe was in
progress.
Senator Dietrich elicited statements
from the witness that a voucher which
he carried to Hastings was for pay
ment of certain fixtures and also for
the* payment of the transfer of the
Postofflce. The bids for the removal
came • through the former postmaster,
Hahn.%
DEAL IX FURNITURE.
Dletrich endeavored to bring out
from the witness that if there was
any extortionate price attached ¦ to
the removal of . the office, it was
regular, having had the sanction of
the Postofflce Department. Senator
Beveridge suggested that this was
wholly/ a .matter with the Postofflce
Department and ruled that the mat
ter was not germane.
William M. Dutton of Hastings re
lated how the arrangement with the
G. A. R. post had been made, by which
it was agreed that Dietrich should pay
the post* $500 for the fixtures. The
contract was entered Into before
Dietrich's election as Senator.
Dietrich had told him that he intend
ed to recommend Fisher as Postmaster,
it being generally understood that his
recommendation would be accepted.
The witness closed the deal between
Dietrich and • the G. A. R. post regard
ing the fixtures and furniture for $500.
He then told of a conversation had with
Senator Dietrich regarding the renting
of his building for postofflce purposes,
the Senator insisting that he could not
get rent enough for his ¦ building from
the Government. The Senator at that
time told Dutton that he thought Fish
er should take the fixtures off his
hands, but denied that he was commis
sioned to make any propsition to Fisher
and . said -. there , was no, money consid
eration mentioned for the^ fixtures.
"Dietrich told me. he would recom-
mend Fisher for 'Postmaster a week
after his election," -said Dutton.
Charles Emory Smith, the Postmas
ter General, while in Hastings in the
autumn of 1900 had recommended that
the, postoffice be changed and better
quarters secured.
John Slaker, cashier of the German
National Bank of Hastings and a
brother-in-law of Senator Dietrich, tes
tified regarding the transfer of the fix
tures and about the property being in
the name of Miss Dietrich. He said
Senator Dietrich was a man of consid
erable property and good standing ln
the community. On examination by
Senator Dietrich, the witness' said he
was to collect $1300 from the Govern
ment for the postofflce and $300 a year
from Jacob Fisher.
The committee adjourned until Mon
day.
Vessel Whistling 1 and Flying
Distress Signals Is Sight-*
ed Off Whidby Island!
Flatly Contradicts the Story Told by His Prede
cessor in Office Relative to the Payment of
Money to Secure Appointment in Postal Service
STEAMER GOES
TO THE BOTTOM
POSTMASTER FISHER TESTIFIES
BEFORE SENATORIAL COMMITTEE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13/ 1904.
30
ADVEBTISEMENTS^ I
WEARY, WORN AND $861^
Electro = Chemistry .^^J§. I
There l» no treatment known to scieaco so wonderf ully «ucce«Bf nl in the dls-
e«.«e« peculiar to women as the Electro-Chemic. Electro-chemistry puts oxygen
toto tt« blood, it builds up the blood ana strengthens the circulation. It purifies
the Dtood as no other treatment can posiibly do. so in diseases of women, where
»*?? , wa Z? consre«tion of important orjrans, Electro-Chemirtry Is the perfect-
ly weal treatment. To women wto fear the necessity of enrarical treatment, or
«•«* ~ h *f * *£• '"ffe'er has nnaersrone snrsrical treatment that was not suc-
cess, nl. Electro-chemistry is the only treatment that offers any hope of prompt
reller and thcroujrh and permanent cure.
In ovarian and uterine disorders, in irrejrular, scant and painful periods, in
misplacement oi any of the pelvic organs, in weak back, in irritable bladder, in
-f^^JS? 6 ?* *x£*lecT>le*Bness, in neuraltfa and headache, in dizziness and con-
stipation, in irritable stomacX and in all the ccmplicated^disorders which make
physical wrecks of women, the Electro-C&emic treatment assures prompt relief.
lastinjr cures, at very moderate expense. Consultation and Electro-
Chemic examination free to all. There 1% no need to put off your visit a sinirlt
day. Come ln for advice. Electro-Chcmlstry t*s saved the lives of many • wo-
men; it may save yours.
Electro-Chemistry Cures Painlessly and Without Operation :
St^Mtf. 5 l « on "i^. Dyspepsia, Piles,
aSfcS? ' Paral y«i«. Indiirestion. Pistula.
Asthma, tocomctorAtaxia, pebility, Bectal Ulcers,
Consumption. Cancer. . fciver Diseases. Rectal Fissures.
SS?5f^« SJSSS- Cystitis. Special and if ervous
Kead Keises, Tumor*, Bladder Troubles. Diseases of Women.
Rheumatism. Goitre. Eczema. - - < Special Diseases of Men,
NearaUrfa. Brirht's Disease. Epilepsy. Acne,
Werrousnesi, Diabetes, Pallinsr Spells, Psoriasis.
coarsTfi.TATi(m ajtd EgAaayATioir nr m cases pb.ee.
ggwi^v . Electro-Chemic Institute,
Some of our bt'st cureg are accompJiohed by ,_„ _,_,V^-. «— -.— -i^-> i " % " w # ..
the EJectro-Cheinic home treatment. We j,d- 118 QRAWT AVEIfUE, COB.. POST ST«
vis* all our outside patient*, when tbey can ar- SAX FRANCISPn
ranjre possibly to do »o. to visit -our office for a • tKAISW&CO.
careful personal exam«n«Uon. When this is !n- Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m and 7 to
potvlble write us ¦ nhort description of eymp. o n _ o,,,.>i Q x,«, m . ,V I
-tom«. «n<rmn lmstpucUons-rrcaniine tSrne * P- »». (laUy. Sundays, 10 a. m.'to 1 p.
examination and treatment will be promptly m - Separate apartments for ladles and
tarwvitf gentlemen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PEEMANENCE OF CUEE.
The Chief Merit.
Many so called pile remedies will
afford the user slight, tempor-
ary relief,, and the majority 'of
sufferers do not expect more
than this. Women especially,, af-
ter having tried every preparation
recommended for the cure of Piles,
have come to the conclusion that there
Is no cure except by an operation. This
is rightfully viewed with dread, be-
cause of the shock to the delicate ner-
vous system of women, and many, of
those afflicted have resigned them-
selves to the situation with never a
thought that there fs any help in sight
for them.
We invite the attention of all such
to the experience of the lady whose ad-
dress Is given below:
"I feel it my duty to recommend the
Pyramid Pile Cure, for, after, suffering
ten years with a most distressing form
of Piles, 7 an\ entirely cured; thanks
to this remedy. Anyone doubting, this
can write to Margaret Brady. 156 "Whit-
man street, Cleveland, Ohio. 1 '
Ten months .later she writes: "I am
glad to say that I am still perfectly
free from Piles, and have not had. the
slightest trouble since I first used your
remedy. I am well known in Cleveland,
and have cu artised Pyrair.li Pile Cure
extensively here. I take pleasure In
doing so, as it saved me from an opera-
tion which I always dreaded, and you
are assured the remedy can have no
firmer advocate than I."
Tr-"nip;. A ' like this should convince
the most skeptical that Pyramid Pile
Cure not only cures, but cures to stay
cured. It is In • the form of a sup-
pc=ltcry ; can be applied ln the privacy
of the home, directly to the parts af-
fected, and does its work quickly and
painlessly.
Druggists sell this famous remedy for
- "ty cents u package, and we urge all
sufferers to buy a package , now and
£:.-e it a trial to-night. Accept no sub-
stitutes.
'Write Pyramid Drug Co.,: Marshall,
Mich.7 : for their little book on, the cause
and cure of Piles; which is seat free for
the asking. .
Wliat have you to sell or ex-
change?
Sixty-two thousand daily and
eighty-five thousand Sunday
Call Traders have \\ ants. Reach
them thro- „ the small ads.
ADVERTISEMENTS. y
| Dry GoGds "^^^ff 6 Company, I
§ : — ( §
I IWASH DRESS f ABRICSl I
g We are now showing an extremely ctfoice collection of ths |
g most faiored washable te^jles for the Spring and Summer jg
I NEW HGURED and STRIPED VOILES- I
§ In Bulgarian colorings for waists and dicssts» §
8 * NEW IMPORTED LINEN and COTTON SUITINGS g
§ NEW EMBROIDERED SWISSES in figures and dots g
I NEW REAL FRENCH FIGURED ORGANDIES-very choice §
I IMPORTED IRISH DIMITIES— 7C r |
§ Ayard L^ B
I NEW WASH SUITINGS- - m \ 1\c %
g Ranging upward from. \ "vv s
I FINE PRmTED FIGURED JACONETS- ic p g
% Ayard ...: WC g
§ . A specially strong feature of our display #
0 will be a large collection of ..." §
S CONFIRMATION and GRADUATION DRESS FABRICS. £
§ REAL FRENCH ORGANDIES, 68 inches wide. FIL DE MAIN |
| FRENCH and SWISS BATISTE and MOUSSELINE DE SOIE ; |
1 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
S Gesry and Stockton Streets. Union Square. ? §
]^k aw>«o-v j-i^-^-^-^-v i-^.-~r^>j~in ArtAv*.iv^>A)*M*HVK 1 '. <*m%o<*>'(*>^ j*w*w^r<i*r(*i <*>*%.ra*w*>>%» S
ADVERTISEMENTS^ ,-_-„-_-_ Jt-^^
1818-820 /AAPKET ST., 5AK FPANQ5QP-
EKBKOmSBIES — Just arrived by express. 5000 yards of new. beautiful J
patterns of embroideries; 10 in. wide. Also beautiful tmbrotdery *"*«£; gj
tion. Regular value 50c per yard. Special i%f\. j
LACE #>pr I
Lace Medallions in all the new designs Per yard Hoc |
Boys' N i c k e l| CORSETS | MUSIC. fl
Watch, a Rood p jg ul w . k. COSSETS. Specials Tliis 1
Vo m -A plece ' , F e£r - Re S- P rIce ' 10 °- special.. 43c « M v. I
$2.o0; special . .. We carrv a fun llne o f the Cel- Weei. j
bl.&ol ebrated R. & G. Corsets. "^y Rosary." i I
Gents' and Boys'l - VEUJHO. th _ qnv'rv S
I Plated Chains. Maline or Illusion, in all tho "W here the Sllv n rt
I I Regular $1.00; latest shades. Regr. 23c; spe- Colorado \\ ends J
j - special 5oe cial 15c Its Way." i
I Gold Filled Chased BELTS. U^q jm a t the tj
R Band Rings. The latest thing in Belts. H
I Reg. 50c; spe- Crush Leather; Colors: Black. Orpheum. *1
P I cial «S7c Brown. Tan and Gray. On | ISc each. U
g 'I sale Monday.. .Each 25c =======««=' fl
f TOILET ARTICLES, "SPECIALS" — 2-lb. bar pure Castile Soap.. Bar 2,"5c if
K Mermen's Bora ted Talcum.. 2 for :25c 8 large cakes Toilet Soap, "asa't." .. jri
I Murray & Lanman's Florida Water 2J?c M
r "' large 45c Sponges, regular 15c; this week. -5c 9
13 FEXFECTIOar ..Reversible Wash WEITE WAS TAPEES. . warrant- ||
|1 Board, solid zinc plate. Good «** not to drip. Small slzev re». lj
I value for 25c. Special price this slz^re^^pricV/ Vo* * fj
tj week, ISc 2 for 35c box; special 5c y
*4 EASTES CASSS AND NOVELTIES now open for inspection. Advance {'
rj bargains in Cards, Drops. Booklets. Sachets. Xoveltles. Rosaries. Prayer W
I Books. Bibles and Testaments. Some specials in th'cae lines that will move Ft
Ja quickly. Come and see what we have to offer. ji
B I BOOK FBXCES CUT. ===as ™ r=^^" ! jl
1 TBUHKS fc STJIT 25c edition of "Black Beauty." Wan Pockets.. 10c M
H I naa-na nicely bound in cloth, cut to A splendid imlta. ft
h caslb. lOc. 50 other titles at the tion of th» pyro- |I
I The only place to same price. grapher*s art. with II
I „, -,,rY, n i, r « "David Harum" and "The Eter- P h p"> groupings la M
I see such a large c „ BO nicel bound color, la center. •!.« ft
I variety at ex- ln cl<nh; reB ular price $1.50. l^. xl =- « t *f nt by U
| tremelylow 100 .other $1.50 copyrights . "^ fi ra " W ajrta I
I I prices. We in- selling at uOc Baakot» . . -25c ||
H I Vite inspection AT 15c and 2oC vicelar colored de- II
I and comparison See the immense line of titles al^ a y of ° andM> |]
W of styles and of . standard cloth-bound maxguerlte^ chrysan- fj
Pi prices books we are offering at themums. landscape* H
H „ „.¦ . . _.. these prices. Just about half and la-burnt leather; H
H New Stock of Pit thelr value. List sent on also used as photo H
|| Just Received. application. holders. |J
U W SITAPPTT B AKOAI1TS IIT SETS. " |j
M All cloth-bound and nicely boxed, 5-volume sets by Henty, Cooper. Haw- H
u thorne, '¦ Conan Doyle, at *^^5? u
H 5 volumes by Cooper, Corelli, Julia Ewing, Laura T. Meada S1.4f> sa
i 5 volumes by Balzac; 6 volumes by Eliot S2.43 H
B 13 volumes by Bulwer Lytton $4.45 *|
a KNIVES. SAZOB3 AND SHEASS GBOTTOD A1TD REPAIRED. \l
[1 PICTURE FBAMES OP AXIi DESCRIPTIONS MADE TO ORDER. 3
I LET ME PLAN
I YOUR TRIP EAST.
| — or write — and I will take |
I V^ pleasure in quoting rates (both
I first class and tourist) to any point East,
1 Southeast or Northeast. I
1 I will also let you know the best way t
I to reach it, when you should leave, when I
I you will arrive, whether or not a change
1 • of cars is necessary, and why you should f
1 take the Rock Island System to Chicago, |
I Omaha, Kansas City, St. Paul, Minne- I
1 * apolis, St. Louis, Memphis and hundreds
I of other points on the other side of the
I Rockies.
1 Please Note:' The Rock Island System oper-
| ates more through car lines than any other line
[1 from California to the East.
1 BiH^MmlnH c - A# ru jherford,
I! jSSArfrarTinel District Passenger Agent,
THE FULL RECEIPT, FULL DIRECTIONS and DESCRIPTIVE
BOOK FBEE-SEHD ADDRESS TODAY.
New Improvsd Method thai Cures AH Nervous Diseases that Eitaost
the Vital Powers of Men-Gives the Vigor and Inclination
of Men of 25 to Men of 65 and Cures Permanently.
For the benefit of male readers young and old who find themselves weak in -vital raso*
tioa, the well known Dr. Knapp Medical Ca of Detroit, Michigan, will send their fa TT
moas receipt and full directions how to cars
yourself at home, free; of charge. It is not reliilf^
necessary to ¦rtrriie a fnll latter, ss they send it A^«**v
freo as soon as they receive yoar name and jjjjg*f 8aQ^ tfVaW fSpfw
address. Wonderful improvements have been $*$&?*$&£$ ?^&^^»*b»^3
made in this famous receipt cntil it now posi- asfc/t^f^^ i?2$tyyj&iif§^§^
tively gives the longed-for effect in only one ftstjt I * J§Pj!^ : '&'£^*vl
day's use, and cures permanently in half the \§Z%? : i^.
time required by any ether method that we have vw^^^^^^^S^^Vv^ 1^
ever heard of. It is a lasting cure for any form
of wasting drains, vital weakness, lack of stay- E J ilmp&pr
prematurity, dissatisfaction, varicocele, J^m'-^sf gig^i^^^B
stricture and all other embarrassing conditions Jra ' BwW^^fyHf^
thai intefere. With the newly discovered in- €P®is£J^§3|k
gredients that have lately been added this wen- 5^52S»23m3^S1 ffi^ffi^w^T
derful receipt it is indeed worth having. It /V\S^ <5 -^ti^» pJBJKfcSSO
goes direct to the wealcened paru makes the A t^^^^^f
muscles tirrn, the nerves steady and has a vit- / |*u\^.ic^' BgrfeSijil
alizing eject on the glands and nincous mem-/*! . i '>:^vX-of?»
You knov/ beet if you need it or nr/.. and if , |^% Mh'^js S
you do, lose no time in getting it, for the soon- *fe^vK^®^ JtffiiV&j!
cr you write the sooner yon will be cr"-«»d *^^i]^^^K^"^^M^««B^
The address is Dr. Knapp Medical Co.. 1 7CO }k^^^^ J &^ g y^^^^^^y
Hull Building, Detroit, Mich, The new re- *\d^ y*Zf^~/** m ' **- *^
ceipt with full directions how «o cure yourself privatelv at h^ a > .
into the subject thorooghly will be mailed yon afonT- , . a book that «°«
charge. Y^^^l^A tod^^y t£?£* ***>*«<*
is absolntely free; and as it can cosTron nothing T't* * m "^
«* far ft mlhoulNEW YORK. March 12.— Be run thirty
years ago and twice abandoned -for long perl
odfl, because of accidents and financial ,diffi
culties, i. the Hudson River; tunnel, connecting;
Fourteenth -street. ; Jersey; City.; with: Morten
street. :New York City, was finished Friday.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 12.— A
shooting growing out of a split In the
ranks of the Democrats of Kansas City
occurred to-day when Cash Welsh, an
agent of the faction head-. _/ George
M. Shelley, former Mayor, wounded
Martin Martin, sergeant at arms at
the convention being held by the fol
lowers of William T. Kemper. candi
date for Mayor. The men quarreled
at the- door of the hall and Welsh shot
Martin, inflicting a wound that may
prove fatal. Welsh escaped, but was
arrested later. Welsh is a political
worker.
Member? of Rival Factions Quarrel at
Convention Hall and One of' 1
Them Uses a Revolver.
ROW AMONG POLITICIAN'S
ENDS IN FATAL SHOOTING
How many things one can do with a
dollar one docs not realize until he. stops
to think. Fortunes have been built up
on suck a sum, the secret lying in the
ability'to save. • Once you have an in
come, the start toward a fortune has
been made and a man Is thoroughly in
dependent. You do not have to wait un
til you get a number of dollars together
to start a savings- account. You can'
start one on a dollar with the Phoenix
Savings, Building and Loan Association,
516 California street; 4^ per cent being
paid on ordinary and 6 per cent on one
year term savings accounts. T interest
payable semi-annually. - The Phoenix is
the only concern of the kind in the State
having a guarantee capital, which is an
absolute protection against all loss.'The
guarantee capital is J 200,000: the paid-in
capital. $1,000,000: * subscribed capital,
'$8,000,000. The directors are A. A. Wat-
Uins. Chas. R.' Bishop. S. Prentiss Smith.
¦Clarence Grange, Gavin • McNab, G. C.
Boardman and C. E. L«add. ¦ •* ¦ .
What Independence Means.
Assistant Secretary or State Loomis
Refuses to Dbcuss Situation in
Santo Domingo.
HAVANA. March 12.— Admiral Dewey
and his party landed to-day from the
auxiliary cruiser Mayflower and, with
Assistant Secretary of State Loomis
and Minister Squieree, called on Presi
dent Palma.
With regard to thesituation in Santo
Domingo, which Loomis inquired into
to a considerable extent, the Assistant
Secretary of State said that there ap
peared to be no cessation of the series
of revolutions and fighting which had
been going on for a long time. He de
clined to discuss the situation as it
affects the United States* relations,
ptnding the delivery of his report at
Washington, but said the United States
had no present intention, to Intervene
ir. any manner except for the protec
••.i'jn of it» .interests.
ADMIRAL DETCEY AXD PARTY
I CALL OX PRESIDKXT PAL-MA
At Baron's Cloak and Suit Hous«, 762
Market street, of arrival of new goods
now on dhsplay. We will make special
<<flEerin*s of the new spring styles for
Special Announcement,
A number of .others received slight
cuts arid bruises, and everybody on the
cars was badly- shaken up. That there
were no fatalities. is considered remark
able. Bain, who was most' seriously in
jured, is a traveling salesman for a San
Francisco drug house. To-night his
condition is: anything, but favorable,
and although there is no Immediate
danger it is feared that < he has sus
tained' internal Injuries.
LOS ANGELES. March 12.— A score
or more of persons were injured, one
seriously and the others more or less
severely, this afternoon in a rear end
collision on the Long Beach electric line
near the Ascot racetrack.
A Long Beach car heavily loaded had
started out ahead of a car going to the
racetrack, and during the trip through
the city the latter car kept within dan
gerous distance of the forward cat.
Near the southern city limits the Long
Beach car stopped to permit a passen
ger to alicht. . when the following car
dashed into it with such. terrific speed
that the cars were practically demol
ished and every person on both cars
more or less injured.
The cause of the collision that
the motorman on the rear car took
chances on his ability to stop, and
when the critical time came his air
brakes failed to work.
Following is a list of the most se
verely injured: ' F. M. Bain, San Fran
cisco, slight fracture of skull, scalp
wound. about four inches long on the
right side of the head, sent to the Pa
cific Hospital ; Mrs. D. W. Mansfield,
1413 South Union avenue, right knee cut
and bruised and right side injured in
ternally; Miss Mary Moore, Alameda
and Rubio streets, . right 'ankle frac
tured; Mr. Barton, 214 South Flower
street, shoulder dislocated; J. L. Kean,
1246 Ingraham street, cuts and; bruises;
G. H. Taylor, 50 South Los Robles
street. Pasadena, leg severely hurt:
Charles McLeod, Riverside, ear cut' In
two and scalp wound; J. H. Martin,
Riverside; left leg and arm badly
bruised, and Zeno de Moss,
scalp cut, back wrenched, left leg and
arm bruised. ; \ . ,r~ v
Special Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON. March 12. — There
was an echo of the Indianola (Miss.J
j Postoffice case in the Senate to-day
when Senator McLaurin rose to a
question of personal privilege to ex
plalu a newspaper report to the ef
fect that the authorities of thaf place
arrested peddlers of pictures of Pres
ident Roosevelt and Booker T. Wash
ington, who may chance to go there.
McLaurin said I that arrests of picture
venders had been made both at In
dianola and a' neighboring town, but
that the arrests were due to the fact
', that their wares were of an improper
character and not because they were
selling pictures of the President and
Booker T. Washington. .
The Senate considered but did not
dispose of the fortifications bill. A
number of bills were passed. One of
them has as its purpose the preven
tion of the desecration of the Ameri
can flag by its use for advertising pur
poses.
The Senate in executive session rati
fied the treaty between the United
States and Ethiopia, which was ne
gotiated by King Menelik (King of
Kthiopia), and Robert Skinner, Con
sul General and plenipotentiary. The
treaty was to last ten years and pro
vides for trading posts and telegraphs
and othef means of transportation in
Menelik's provinces. The main ob
jects to be accomplished by the treaty
were set* forth in an extended report
made bv Consul Skinner.
CHICAGO, March 12.— A rifle and
pistol duel through the barred door
of the structure that was the Delaware
State building at the world's fair took
place to-day in the suburb of Hege
wisch, where the building now stands.
Ellis Bennett, the owner of the so
called "Delaware house," has been bar
ricaded in the place since yesterday,
defending 1 a "squatter" claim to 160
acres of surrounding land. Deputy
Sheriff Long attempted to enter the
house. Bennett greeted the officer with
two rifle shots. The deputy, revolver
in hand, answered with . two shots
through the door.
A plan was formed to set Bennett's
"castle" on fire and smoke him crut.
Word was sent to the Fire Depart
ment to be near at hand, so the- blare
might be soon suppressed. ; Before put
ting the plan into execution Deputy
Long battered down the door with an
ax. Entering, the deputy found Ben
nett sitting in the corner with three
guns. Bennett explained, that he con
cluded tcr offer no further resistance,
"seeing as the deputy was alone."
Deputy Sheriff Has a Brisk
Encounter With Defender
of a "Squatter" Claim
One of Them Will Prevent
Use of the American Flag
for Advertising Purposes
Twenty Persons Are Severer
ly Injured in a Disaster on
a Los Angeles Railway
CAR SMASHES
ON PASSENGERS
SENATE PASSES
MANY MEASURES
BULLETS CRASH
THROUGH DOOR
Employment of Can-Makers In Chi
».';i£o Results in a' Siuall-
Slzrd Ittot.
CHICAGO, March 12.— Non-union
canmakers were brought into the Die
tel plant of the American Can Company
to-day on a special train. The result
was a riot on the railroad tracks near
the factory. A number of strike pickets
NON- UNIONISTS SUFFER .
IN FIGHT- AVITH PICKETS
eluded the police and . assaulted the
non-unionists as the strike breakers
were leaving the train. Several non
union men were injured by blows and
missiles, but all reached the factory.
No arrests were made.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., March 12.—
Three hundred and fifty union miners
working in the Midget and Modoc mines
and on various leased properties went
on strike to-day, having been called put
by the officers of the Western Federa
tion of Miners. The strike was ordered
because of shipments of ore to mills
and smelters that have been declared
"unfair" for failure to grant an eight
hour day. •
¦ ? ¦ •
Kaiser Will Meet Kins; Alphonso.
BREMEN. Germany, March 12.—Em
peror William sailed to-day for the
Mediterranean on the North German
Lloyd steamship Koenigen Albert. On
his arrival at Vigo, Spain, he will be
met by the King of Spain.
Vable Meaner Ilet>orted to Be Totally
Ur.inccL but No Lives
Wore Lost.
WASHINGTON, March 12.— The
following details of the loss of the
cable steamer Scotia reached the Navy
Department to-day in a cablegram
from ths naval commandant on the
island of Guam:
"Scotia (cableship) has been wreck
ed on Gallallan Bank March 11,
northeast by north of Spanish Rock,
550 feet approximate, leading marks
intact; entrance buoy is partly
sunk. Vessel is lying in dangerous
position, but cargo can be recovered
if working vessels arrive while weath
er is favorable. . ? -?CT
"I am rendering assistance with all
resources available. I am feeding and
sheJteri::g part of crew on shore. Sco
tia was suffering from want of provis
ions. Reported to be totally ruined.
No wrecked people were lost."
COMMANDANT AT GUAM
TELLS OF SCOTIA WRECK
War Department orders: Private
Robert J. Gregory. Twenty-sixth Cotn-
Viiny. Coast Artillery. Fort Flagler,
Wash., transferred to the signal corps,
Denicia Barracks, California.
P Navy orders: Boatswain T. Sullivan,
det;u bed from the Tacoma and as
signf-d to the Hancock at the navy
S ard, New York, for temporary duty;
Acting Boatswain H. A. Stanley, de
tached from the Pensacola at the
naval training station. San Francisco,
and assigned to the Tacoma.
Fourth-class postoffices advanced to
Presidential class: California — Dow
ney and Fortuna. salary $1000.
David E. Parker. Oakland, has been
appointed railway mail clerk.
WASHINGTON. March 12.— These
changes were made to-day: Fourth
<lass postmasters — California — Oil
Center. Kern County, Henry P. Smith,
vice George \V. Faulkner, resigned;
Picacho. San Diego County, Burdette
&L Coffman, vice Emiline Ferguson,
removed.
Changes Stade in the Postal Service
and Transfers In the Army
and Xavjv
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The report demonstrates that Porto
Rico possesses mineral resources that
under proper management will be of
great value to the Island In years to
come.
The report covers the investigations
made during the year ended Decem
ber 31, 1902. and it presents such his
torical data as could be obtained re
tarding the eearch for and discovery
of minerals in the past and the, ef
forts made toward their utilization; a
Ftatement of the laws in force regard
ing the location and exploitation of
mining claims; a list of all mineral
deposits of which information could
he recured by making the most thor
ough examination possible, and an ac
count, with such statistical data, as
could be obtained, of work done dur
ing the year in the utilization or
manipulation of .such mineral' re
sources.
has Issued a bulletin (No. 6) which
i? of special interest for the reasons
that it is the first comprehensive re
port ever made of the minerals and
mineral Industries of that island of
varied and wonderful resources and
« hat it flemonstrates that ' the same
thoroughness with which theeconomo
pclentiflc work of our Government is
rarried on in the States obtains in our
oewly acQuired possessions.
WASHINGTON, March 12. — Under
:.e title of "Mineral Industries of
•orto Rico" the Bureau of the Census,
Apartment of Commerce and Labor,
Special Dispitch to Tb« Call,
(overs Investigations Made
I'nder Supervision of the
United States Government
V A LUABLE STATISTICS
Bulletin Giving a Compre
hensive Report on Island
Is Issued at Washington
SHOWS WEALTH
OF PORTO RICO
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 190*.
31
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
acAxnra maxim.
s:c£est Claims Of tea Carry More Con-
viction Tban loud Boasts.
Maxim, the famous inventor.
I'hiced his erun before a committee of
judges, he stated its carrying power to
be considerably below what he felt sure
the grun. would accomplish. The result
of the trial was therefore a triumph of
surprise instead of disappointment, as it
might have been If he had over-estimat-
ed hi« gun's efficiency.
Our cl£.im -regarding: Newbro'a Herpi-
cidc is based on actual scientific facts.
If a living grerm Is causing your hair
to fail out it's the most sensible thing: to
kill that perm. i
Xrwbfo's Hcrpiclde does this quickly
*nd ftffectuaUy. Destroy the cause you
remove the effect.
Sold by leading drupglsts. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herplcide Co..
Detroit. JIlciL
\ •
STRANGEST STORY YOU
EVER READ.
IX THE MATTER OF
HIS NIBS.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Leading Furniture House of the City
V ESTABLISHED 1IN 1882.
Our growth has been a natural, healthy, constant increase, the result of
handling only the best goods on the market at prices arid terms to suit the income
of our patrons.; Every day is bargain day with us, and every article in our immense
establishment i^' a decided bargain. We have everythirg to furnish your home
c:zlly, x prettily and economically, and if you are in need of anything for "Home
Comfort" we will be pleased to have you call and see how much you can save by
buying from us. In our large show windows we are displaying an elegant lin^ of
Carpets and Mattings.-
Country trade solicited. : We pay no rent ; vou get the benefit.
The J, NOON AN 'FUHNITURE CO.,
(0171023 Mission Street, «„**£? a»
JOE BOSE1TBESG ? S. | JOE BOSENBEBG'S. | : JOE BOSENBERa'S. j JOE BOSENBEBG'S. | JOT1 BOSENBEBG'S. | JOE BOSENBEBCPS.
PFU2.es wlffifW '£&'.''.'•'••'.' ,« T tu—^ j-e-Tr-^-* ¦* v r >• * v r-r v*w r^w u i,- -^Shy Not Hays Ona of These to ImproTB
FUL . ,, jl /•;••• . , , IN OUR ADS. r °^^t~'Ll^ tteFitofYoBPEast.rDms?
rui.U VALUE »*ofKX .* T * . u/u^ v*. ' •'•' ' SOT p.odora fob and w»j lady scott form fit-
' •••llllRk. /T .•.••*.* Wliat YOU . fi&& SKIRT LIFTER— Ind!sp*n- JT >V\ TING BUSTLB AND HIF
FOR YnilB /***.• •••-•* « «. r.OR^FT^ I T SHTF^' NFPJfWPJ7- *f*?^ sable for ballrooms, home or »*£H\ FORM — Invisible when •worn.
r-wn TOUR. :^Zy/h=L:: I..-.. *. See in Our WmOtiai - v . MUlta flM;ftftM.( r&fi street wear. You can at- iW=K\ u k m .in weisht: ventilated; re-
I hONCV^O r>»%>«^=3*'- " *«"• - . ... That is wliat we excel ia. Corset The srootl washing kind at prices "Srvltf tach Jt to th ** b f I . t or wai -* t -JjLf»V~ versible: tr.*ure perfect fls-
Y -^£ / !&&:¦: ' wm Find ETSSS ?«"£??.£** """" 1^.^'^' 01^^^ Ml cl^rs ¦ BSTSSL 1«a.!'..S36
M0NPV / > >2V« * in fini* «tnro f& IjA GRECQUE— For medi- WIDE OVKKCOLLARS— Made of 5^^?? without one. Made of fancy c ft n«^-,^
|IW "^T / A JZ2k I^^-T^ m UUr OtOre &£ um or slender figures. Made extra heavy butcher's linen, with butt ««»a metal clasp and extra heavy JQSt KSCeiTSU
rt A _ . - / ' Rj/fSA yZQ&V^ '— — — — /C .of Imported twilled material. tonhole edge.- Hand embroidered, In ¦ grosgrain silk. Price. .Joe g Ea Ster nov eltles !n RHT
y&l ¦ %~W You-..Be : B--ffia£?ggg>0 ftg*!^^ Ko Harct WMU.t« Fads
/ - GjF&Sr^-] 1OU II DC LiKht. firm and flexible, fitting ¦ lllC That's What Yon rind H.re. 7'I 1 i"°*: er , desi^ n « : in many pretty
\ -/ $. A::<:* % '$ZJ PrOUd Of IA. , VCry Cl^! y a l°£ e the walst What tat T WMfl TaM mai- LADIES' HOSE SUPPORTERS (or designs to choose from. Price... »5c
•-••V :VW.35J?f /' !••*". WWv rlOUU Ul . JryS lm«s Will not become set to Illlll ftUOUl u H1Q8 LaC3 LO lar side elastics)— Made . of fancy filled Tir.»f» HTai«« ¦««.— •«• r J
•:»;V;. # ;;;y7 K§ L •v-'.«£2f Yourself "* ™eS r flBur u e -ind 0 ?^! 8 a To Aaa CIaic *° Your Wew East « D «" ? L lsl t, CIa8t i c: > fln \ sh r 1 - wl^2S r I? ie1 £]! Every Woman Appreciates Good
1 -:V:V?S5f/ V^^^W T0UrS Cir corMtI S?tS^£ P(^. A Here is one made of Point Gene Uce. S^ed^Se'JSSTt IH pTteni HaMuS
*, ,7/ \V>"'*«'-^2'.| Fi<nnnmi(>3l r A . C* A ,,f n ,, TJi^in-n fixn,,-. '" butter' and Arabian colors. At the rrlte *«*- scratch the head. Made of hishly pol-
;*..'// vS^> f «*.'r'*.'55e;4 ffiffij economical ror Stout or ia3Qmn rigur6-> phc« cutter-s 95c _ _ ,. , P . . \^\c,\ uaiian S heii : t h*> stra^ht and
"I'// Wff Shnnnpr if vida corsets fit- >wa .„ t To EOOKkesperS and Salespeople crmwed kind, price sfonoc
'V./y \\^ iTlllT WM Onopper.IT Th*r« are. of course, certain... »¦¦ Marretta Why not wear, our RUBBER W i,_ Wftt Pft ihlt m _. # Vn . iitm ,,,„.«
ffl Around. fafr ™£&* £ ™£ WJ^%7E^i e J^fs c Bl «SS ®
\ W/ c *Trfj* to Us and' || n,r w f ««¦ What Others Advertise
\§/-^^^\ You^HISee w ™^ You'H Hnd We, Sell for Less
Jf 1 . HOW MUCll bias lines and numerous^ gores. Price ••••... -"« \ I What A!)OIlt dll AfltO Yell ?
y%^^^,^n^J^W^<^ We Save You «" yo " ; " n ™ Her8 ' s a stor y of $ m Goo(1 Rlbb}DS Cheapness and Gool QBality Are fo T^ i s or n ?; a n c f s o o r t e ec c t5r c o"b^:
&* ""'"" *££s<z^ v_ — — J " ¦ ' ¦ at Low Prices ¦ Hera Combined "«• m***, °*tiL'«i llc^v&P&ZS'-
'^^Vv >*. (iL... f- TTnUiitirf M n «. n«nj,f«itm^ and dotted designs. In blue. oroTrn.
k - » lliere IS rlOtlllllg fflOre renetraUng -. Width No. 40.3 inches .^ Odds and ends of the grood white and black. Embroidered and
- mun rn,«^« fl.ij u.,,i, nr:«j, <^Pw_ „„ ...fS^- wide. ALL-SILK TAF- %VO kJnd o( this season's LA- chenille dotted: full 18 inches wide..
• ir. u^uvtir.A* n MA v.^'n r^A o«, M OT«{*f T&an IQeSe tOIQ MarCD HMOS W^W^- - FETA. The imported ».*/ -DIES' WAISTS. Made in Real worth 40c and 60c; Monday's
Ro March Winds Here Ferns Good SeiS3 Waist And we mad . a - lueky purchase of Y$s&&' SS o S^Sr>^ tiB&\ laS^h^StShed 1 tSSS and Tucsday " s prlce •••• 25c -
When we adverts that we have re- >-, Made in all sizes GOOD KNIT UNDERWEAR at a lit- U^ idth No DOTTED '<Sr^V fa^tlnB: al?o^tailSr-stitchedi Want tO BUY a HeW Chain tO Add -
duced^ythimr. you can pin your faith f* for oW and young tie ess than cost You 11 be one TA^^Vrded ed'^e WNTPI detachable collar. -In- navy. «^ \ V V . n. a , V
to It that It baa been marked down. .A(ft dSSSSfl ttte?t& prompt! We w"" ?uote IW: In pink. blue. red. black Now . l .W/ Wade, taj^d er and red —^ ClUC tO YOU DrCSS ?
Here are some LADIES' JACKETS <v Hy ment for the infant. LADIES 1 SILK VESTS low necks Yard 124 c \ 6< * — » M«allt>. marlctd to close |l«g^
that we have marked^down Made of JfiJRm&fa a gracefully formed and.liv?leff. with ¦ BI^CK VELVOT ¦¦RIBBON\_^tln ,2.75 qualityV marked 'to 'close! ..S}.*95 «SH 54 I inche a S r 1on?f e co?o r red 1 cryI:
~J^n»?fi lar^ hl,hlJn &^/^^k^)\ * alst « l ? p *£* er t ?^; washable braid. Made of bacVc The imported kind. French . $4 :oo quality marked to close. .JalaS L3^i tal and oblong India b«ads:
new military effect, large pisnoP T¥wTl**1fe\WU \ * 1K Blrlt a beautiful pur e French silk. Swiss ribbed. In make. J «" •'"" r^KJt\ patent strong ring attached to
sleeves collars and down front silk 7JW|.\ KM\J model 'corset waist pink and blue.- Wonli $1.25, Special Xo. 5. now • Sc (On Sale Bargain Connter OTarrell- Kng your watch or otn«ro"
t 1W?aaf*.nd-o l I^ %"!« MkM^\ e S h a W p O ert n o " \ A^^ 'yr^ ' V," "^ l^ 10K -t. Zntxance., t^ .nam^t on. Price 3oc
. W^MmM^BB ~^— -«?--«--*• For the Economical Housewife KecHhains and Watch Charms
Ladies' and Children's Hosiery §^^^^^
Why not have the best? That 1e the Misses 1 50c ' ";\* ' n ',,'*& '™*~* ' \r'-' I' ' ' ' , * 1 '°*J If you are able to walk. They area inches wide. Hade of extra heavy it°Srt* i^^f«^J^.JirnS *i. t d
only Mud you will find here. Ladies' ...81.00 LADIES VESTS— High neck and manufacturer's show room samples. white linen; finished all around with *^ ad ; .^.f*." n ° L d " ib 5,.^ th ® r ii c i»-
- h Lg-- v . CHILD'S HOSE-Made of (On Sal, Cor«t D.p.rtm^ OT.r- IZ. Sknf \"ey are tme-flttln, -£ hem and openwork drawn n^ iD^c%^:. C .°.?^
ffl^ SrSff f..r5Sck. rell-st. Entrance., T^L%l%^i %&& -Ter ™^' i«™Z*V'£^££ Wfc.t Ihmt . P«K.t P« W ?
>/^-f heels, toes and- knees. Full u p?p I rp C« m . n actoil r j ATTfl . white PHcc f KiU- w » en vou t ' il » Z<* tllGm Slt 18 inches: extra heavy WBat ADOUl a COrSet G0?8r ?
•i^-te:. h en you see them; all sizes predate <l3fP ™y lieu ,, ril ; t J c .^ In sray or wlute: real knit; some high neck and li> ' ,ou have made th™ J^ bon beading running through. In dots.
A pair 15c LADIES 1 *^ — » v£ T J£ **}£*' llmtted Quantity will lo] s i eeV es; 'others with yourselves you ™Mfig$^ma&& berries and leaf designs: all buttonhole
CHILD'S HOSE— They are steam G LOVES— be sold for J)., t . open neck and lonK sleeves; some more than appreciate }&J?ftM$^M edge; newest I- rench designs F , ri^ '
shrunk. Australian wool. Fast black. Made of imported French kid. Over- »•,,,„.. A . „ .. trimmed with large pearl buttons. this low price. . .73c JIWvSsF*"* 3 ** Yard 4OC
jersev or swiss ribbed. Velvet finish. seam stitching, three rows of silk em- LiflieS COfflDiMtlOn SliltS others v.-ith tailor-made buttons; no T i_*- i j- t* tt jx. 1.1 * w_- j t
15£Ef&£mM On in h^d baC g k rav. IJack. « Th« , bhL Ik" high £& S Indian LOOffl HUdkOrG&ItfS PHCed LOW
i^MMW^ti^ WarrantCd a " d fl " ed «»« ShrmLTo^^oTer^S! fejf 8^ 3^ fOr OUtdWr wear ' n^ r P^S!.T ?SS'a C cWd" £2 of^c^na^rS K lg^SSrJSg!
ace eff^t lice all around- also half Tlict RorpivpH hv I acf Kidht'c Vrrracc WOQl - velvet finish and !$5Fm* $3.50 quality .«•»•».*» operate it. Why not have one for the stitched; small handmade initials.
1-ce ai«d i.lnln ton" Tnstead of 50c JUSl KS Cei¥ea Dy LaSt ttlgllt S fcJlTeSS shrunk; kid fitting and ?|ttf 3& $«oo quality 5^'?, ? little ones? It affords great pleasure Now Each 1 (),.
Monday and Tuesday :J3e LADIES 1 OPEN WORK MESH Beamless. ., A limited nuan- dHXOT ?4>,0 quality '.'. .'.'. .'.'. '.*2'.br t and is also instructive. Price. . .^r,«. GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS— Made
n "e i n m „ ~ + r.«+^ a -,^. GLOVE— Made of op Pn work lisle tity at a limited price. .75e »W'V«" $5.00 <mality .S.'i.U.I r, , r r%- * r -a nr (\f o of pure Belfast linen, full size. hem-
On Sale OYarrell-St. Entrance. mesh, with fancy silk stitching on WOOLEN BAND3— Made *f^^ . . »•> - BOSS YOH? Sftirt I raid Wear Off? stitched borders. Real worth J3.00 a
..„,.„ . „ _, hac-k. One large pearl clasp. In of extra fine knitted wool *V ** Ta Thncp WJld FPPPl? PPf^nifA Slid -. \°i «. «.»»¦»»»• dozen. Now \ Apiece 1^4 c
KO Need Of Hnl'ini! th3 StOY3 black and whlte - Ai the Pr^e Cut- elastic, just the garment to - 1U 1LUbe nUU rrCC1 J rCripirO dUU. If so, why net try the CBOWK? r
iumu^su vi uuftjiuft mu uiuiu ters . : 50c keep your stomach and back Rnln Th«iP Fr?«;?P<; Everlasting, made of all wool, p p0 Tn Hja lafflct Fachiftn fl«nt(»?
T~ 3* -| Or. trying- to keep warm , _ „ warm; the price is exceedingly low for ftUill lUwir LTCbbtb steam shrunk yarn, with an extra rfUIU IUB LdlMl r«UIUll UClilBr r_
i&h Zlll S^rSnTZZ A Small Article , bat Very Important One *-*. *;*n 1 ?:?™;.?..**- ?i c - nm Z l ta Z wn T t h h , T8&£^gg&&$8l A
<W?*\ *?5KlF* TOWN'S S^T¥ E piVS-The L S INFANTS' and CHILDREN'S VEST fj Cre^T^let^T^M^t poorkind.. .A yard 5c m^ t^ZJon M^t
\ JE&f*Bl stitched; liberal i^^itiH by trained nurses and used Will have the little "ones wear no 1% he S vou Vear &£%%&% finished enameled covered day's and Tuesday's pr!w. . -'Jjjj^
TP& length and width. Price nail the leading hospltala; tnor s- a i sizes -i,. V^'3 Lo \K\Z nif« ¥/&*!&$' wire in frl »J< 1O(1 ailli l^Hc
. J J * 75c large and small sizes; in oiners> a " S1ZCS ••-. .-oOc .... -Z 7 * . thcbe. Price *>Oc Kwg4*lf^ straight: four packages in
LADIES' DRAWERS — Made o £ black and steel, .......... .A card 5c -" " , ''.¦.. . . =' :.¦¦..;¦' ...••¦¦., ***' a cabinet. .A cabinet 2He For lll'S SfidSOfl LaCCS Will BC 111
Sd^^'r^wr'S What About a Teneriffs Wheel 1 £% ff 8 ElflPrillirRfl THE If Ton ilre LoakiDg for Lace Greater Demand Than Ever f
blu<? and cream. You do not know the _ . ha m B H VLB g B tt. BL, uS3 WcSC *» H-» «„ ,,
warmth and comfort of these until To make your own laces fcr your «um- §9 tjt §3 B% I I 0° WM IT* |° &« K» nn]nr nnTTrn A Eicccurajrcd Purse "Will Tiad Com- Here are some— the arood waihia*
you wear them. Prire ;{;>,. mcr dress? M g M fm IBOOLBwOi H I HJi I 111 UL"uU I I L H frrtHcre. kind; price very low:
LADIES' PETTICOATS— Made of Here's one mude of extra hard enam- m | |g B« W V BIB B» Kl iW *• «ii»-m ALLOVKR XET or WEBBING — NORM N.XDV and POINT DE P-VRIS
colored striped flannelette; made with >led rubber, with whicli you can makfl tj | M H M m _ . of Pnir.t de Gene lnce. full IS LACKS and INSERTION 2 to 5 inches
a deep flounce an-1 finished with tor- lace wheels in five difTerent style?: %LJ§ fL& fSsa. <»I6 MarKCt StfeCt. II 0 FarfSJl Stfegt. inches wide: in ecru and white; in wide. In coral, bowknot and leaf de-
chon lace and a French band. Why not they are easily worked and a pleasant «*>¦¦» w v " wheel, flower and scroll designs. At sigTis; all to be sold at one price
have health ami comfort, for 45c pastime. Price.... MAILORDERS SOLICITED the Price Cutter's Yard 75c A yard 6cHis Mark.
The Boston papers say that one of
the infirmities of age from which Ed
ward Atkinson, the anti-imperialist
and economist, inventor of the Alad
din oven, suffers is such unsteadiness
that he no longer uses a pen, but em
ploys a rubber stamp in signing his
name. This is done even on checks
of small or large amount. As such a
signature is not legal. Mr. Atkinson
renders it so by attesting it according
to the Bertillon system. He Inks the
ball of his thumb on a pad and leaves
the imprint on the check, as much a3
to say "Edward Atkinson,* his thumb."
Bank cashiers in Boston and i else
where hayo become familiar with the
hair lines of the Atkinsonian ; thumb,
and a piece lof paper bearing it 1 is as
good as legal' tender. -f-\.
OCEAN CABLES— E. M. and T. G.
C., Oakland, Cal. In the Insulation
of wire for ocean cables the wire is
wound with thread and. then put in
an oven to get rid of any moisture, be
ing exposed to a heat of ISO degrees
Fahrenheit. It is then put In a bath
of paraffin, after which, it goes to a
hot air bath and is then run through
a lead pipe, when it Is tested for leaks.
It is then covered with a 'solution of
guttapercha and Stockholm tar, and
the sheath is of wire, covered with
tarred manila yarn.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. COc a pound. In artistic Ore
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call *Jldg.»
It is .difficult to understand what the United States of
Colombia means in wasting -eloquence, time and money
in the French courts trying to maintain that the Panama
canal cannot be alienated from her! Our southern neigh
bor should , accept "conditions 'as she . finds /them.'. When
her; flag went down and another took its place on the
isthmus-, her "rights; in the canal had no more force than
neglected opportunities. ; ,
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cal™
ilorsia street. Telephone Mala 1042, «
There has been no change in Indian
women's dress for 4000 years. All wear
the sari, a single piece of stuff a yard
and a quarter wide, ten, twenty, thirty
yards long. .It is arranged on the body
and forms skirt, garment, veil. First
pleated with the. hand , in accordion
folds in front, wound round and round,
and the richest end, if embroidered or
woven with gold, finally brought over
the head. It may^be of simple cotton
cloth; of silk, plain ip. design, woven
with golden threads; solid* with em
broidery; strung with pearls; or of
Kihcob, the, royal cloth of gold.. -Some
cost thousands of rupees. No pin, hook,
button or' string. The garment is
formed on the architecture of the body,
and takes its expression and nobility
Xrom its perfect harmony with the
No Buttons.
THE Republican convention of Kansas not only in
dorsed President Roosevelt, but proceeded to ap
ply his sayings, his declarations of duty and his in
terpretation of citizenship Unpractical politics as. a sub
stitute for the sort of "practical politics". which is 'found
too often in the "ascendant. The application was made
in the opening speech by the chairman of the body, and
from that time 1 on became the motive of Jhe convention.
While -indorsement of the President is gratifying, a
far more enduring thing is the indorsement of his decla
rations, which will live after the voice. that uttered them
is silent. No President has furnished livelier encourage
ment to good citizenship and right conduct than he. It
may be granted that at.no time in our history has the
need of r such encouragement been greater. The minor
ity part}', having lost its. hold upon public confidence,
said its adieus to principle and picked up' expediency and
opportunism, there is a decline of the right public spirit
in many whom it still influences. The situation naturally
breeds moral carelessness in* the majority party, Vnakes
it more lax and less mindful of its greater duty. Both
parties, therefore, require a stern admonition, and the
whole people a a bugle-call to their civic duty.
The next national platform of the party: could ' be
written wholly out of the President's' public speeches
and documents. On" finance, revenue, international duty,
essentials, of American' character, equality before, the law
KANSAS IN LINE.
POPULAR VOTE — A Reader, City.
In the United States there la, properly
speaking, no such thing as a popular
vote for President and Vice President
of the . country. The people vote for
electors and those chosen in each State
meet therein and vote for the candi
dates for President and Vice Presi
dent. A candidate may receive the
majority of the popular vote yet not
receive the electoral vote necessary to
choice, as was the case in the election
of 1876, when Tilden received of the
popular vote 4,284,885 and Hayes but
4,033,035.
ATOKIO dispatch of Friday, the nth, announced
that Oscar King Davis, the special correspondent
of The Call from the seat of war in the East, was
one of the five American newspaper representatives who
had been given the- privilege of attending the. first Jap
anese invading column in .Korea. Of the seventy odd
correspondents from American and foreign papers who
have been waiting at the capital jfor' permission to at
tach themselves to the general corps of the invading
army but fifteen were selected to be the first in the field
of active campaigning; of the five representatives of the
American "press among this number Mr. Davis is the
only correspondent of a .paper west of Chicago.
This signal indication of the enterprise and influence
of The Call's special representative at the front confirms
the record Mr. Davis has already made as one of the
tried members of his profession. Besides that the news
of his selection to be with the first army of invasion
comes as, a guarantee that while the pother ninety and
nine war correspondents are cooling their heels at
Tokio, The Call's special writer will be sending The
Call the news from the 'battle : line on the Yalu. This
will be no more than a continuation of the success which
this paper .has had with war news since ; it printed ex
clusively the. news of the attack which opened the con
flict in the East. ¦. v^' ."'•,'
CALL'S CORRESPONDENT AT FRONT.
At a recent election in New Jersey the interesting dis-,
covery was made that voting machines, newly acquired,
had been tampered with and made useless to the extent
of invalidating the entire count. It will probably be re
called that several counties in California are discussing
the purchase of voting machines. It would be well to
bear in mind the New Jersey brand.
MINER'S INCH— M., Santa Rosa, #
Cal. A miner's inch Is the amount of
water that will flow through an open
ing one inch square under a pressure
of six inches. The discharge from such
an opening is 0.01995 of a cubic foot
per second, equal to 1.197 cubic feet
per minute, or 8.954 gallons per min
ute.
Nemesis.
A few years ago the name of Gen
eral de Boisdeffre was on every lip.
He was persona gratlssima at St. Pet
ersburg, the object of many atten
tions on the part of .Emperor William.
In France his position -as chief of the
general staff was equivalent to that of
generalissimo, while his power and
influence were to such' an extent su
perior to those of the President of the
republic that th^y contributed in no
small measure to Casirhir Perrier's
#udden resignation of the office of
Chief Magistrate of France. Six years
ago the general resigned — not of his
own accord, but. compelled to do so
by the force of public opinion in
France — in connection with the dis
covery of the Colonel Henry forgeries
in the Dreyfus affair. Since then he
Has been living on half pay in the
strictest retirement, ignored by all
those members of the imperial family
of Russia who until the scandal in
which he became Involved overwhelm
ed him with attentions. And now he
has Just reached the age limit and has
passed out of the service into civil,
life, without any of the customary
tokens of appreciation on the part of
the French War Department or of the
Government.
FARMS — Subscriber, City. The lat
est official figures as to the number of
farms in the United States and Terri
tories are those of the census of 1900.
From these It appears that the num
ber was 5,739,657. The value of sucia
is given as 520,514,001,833.
The police are convinced that another highbinder war
is imminent in the Chinese quarter. While there is al
ways an element of danger in these feuds to white way
farers in the "district,. there is still the highly redeeming
feature that involves the death of coolies obnoxious to
themselves v and a source of expense and trouble to the
municipality. The Chinese sejdom . carry their murders
beyond their own race, and generally the community
can well afford to. lose those that are killed.
MARRIAGE — A. O. S., Oakland,
Cal. Marriage between step relatives)
is forbidden In all the States and Ter
ritories except Florida, Hawaiian
Islands, Iowa, Kentucky, Minnesota,
New York, Tennessee and Wisconsin.
PENSIONERS — Subscriber. City*
The greatest number of pensioners in
the United States reside In Ohio. be-.
ing 102,318; next in order Is Pennsyl
vania with 101,184. The number of
pensioners In California Is 21,972.
Substitute for Engines.
The recent completion of a powerful
pumping plant and a system of inde
pendent hlzh pressure fire mains In
the city of Philadelphia to take the
place of horse or motor-driven steam
fire engines is noteworthy as indicating
the tendency toward centralization In
modern mechanical engineering prac
tice. While it may be too much to say
that it marks the beginning of the
disappearance of the fire engine in
large cities, nevertheless, it seems quite
clear that such, a plant can furnish
more effective protection to a given
area and that, aside from its initial
cost, it is less expensive to maintain.
The advantage to the citizens Is shown
by thft fact that for the district In
Philadelphia protected . by the new
plant insurance rates have been de
creased 15 cents per 5100 and with the
increased efficiency of the system a
further decrease of 10 cents is prom
ised.
In outHr.e the new pumping system
may he described briefly as follows:
It consists of a number of powerful
pumps driven by gas engines and lo
cated in a single building 72 by 140
feet and using an independent and
never-failing supply of water derived
from the Delaware River. This is dis
tributed under high pressure through
a network of specially constructed
mains, aggregating • nine miles in
length, over the selected territory,
which includes 425 acres. The hose is
attached directly to hydrants of a spe
cial pattern and It is possible to send
four streams to the top of the highest
skyscraper in Philadelphia. The plant
is said to take the place of more than
forty fire engines and the pressure fur
nished and consequent efficiency is far
beyond that of ordinary fire engines.—
Harper's Weekly.
NEGRO COLONT—A. C, Kelsey
ville, Cal. There is no negro colony
in the southern part of California. An
attempt was made some time agx> to
establish such, but It iraa not a sue*
cess.
ICE AND WATER — Subscriber,
Alameda, Cal. The specific gravity of
water Is 100 and that of Ice 92. On©
cubic foot of water weighs 1000 ounces
and one cubic foot of Ice 920 ounces.
SAMOA DISASTER— P. D. M., City.
The storm at Samoa, during which
several United States and foreign men
of war were destroyed, was on March
15 and 16. 1889.
"Answers to Queries.
LEGAL TENDER— Subscriber, City.
In the United States the silver dollars
thereof are legal tender In any amount
unless otherwise expressed In the con
tract.
The Inevitable.
During the trial of a suit to enforce
the payment of alimony recently. In
Judge Troutt's court, a witness in the
case gave the most damaging evidence
against the defendant in the suit, once
the husband of a very prepossessing
blonde. With very great frankness he
told how the defendant had mistreated
his "wife in almost every Imaginable
way, arid haw on one occasion he (the
witness) had interfered to save the
poor woman from a beating.
"Oh, you acted the part of a peace
maker, did you?" said the defendant's
attorney when the voluble witness was
turned over to him for crosa-examlna
tion. "You rushed to the rescue of a
fair damsel In distress."
"I did," said the witness, proudly,
"and I succeeded in saving her."
"Well, well,", sarcastically returned
the lawyer, "then you did not meet the
fate commonly accredited to the peace
maker?"
"Not just then," said the witness. "I
did later. I married the fair damsel
after she got her divorce."
Pointing to the piano that was
standing in the locomotive roundhouse
of the Missouri Pacific Railroad near
Kansas City, an English visitor re
marked: "Ah, I see your road sup
plies you with musical entertainment."
"Guess not." replied the foreman.
"That piano Is for testing the engines.**
The Englishman thought it a joke,
but when a uniformed pianist struck a
note which harmonized with the noicQ
of vibration in each part of the loco
motive as it was tested, he understood
that there could be no flaws or cracks
In the engine. He was Informed that
if the noise of the locomotive made a
discord with the musical note the loco
motive would be thus proved defective.
The method has been discovered to be
more accurate than the old way of
hammering each part.— The World's
"Work.
New Use for Piano.
TreadwelFs Wisdom.
Several attorneys were talking, the
other day, about amusing , incidents
that happened in the criminal courts,
and one of them remarked that ex-
Judge Treadwell could be credited with
causing as many as any practitioner.
He told of one occasion when Tread
well represented a defendant in Judge
Lawlor's court who was charged" with
burglary. Treadwell was examining
the talesmen, and when it came to the
turn of one who was looked upon as a
professional juror — in other words, one
who was anxious to serve more for the
reason that he got $2 per day than
anything else — Treadwell, in his quiet
way, asked: "Do you know the mean
ing of a reasonable doubt?"
"I do," replied the talesman.
"Would you give the defendant the
benefit of a reasonable doubt?" was
the next question, and the talesman
promptly replied, "I would."
""Well now," said Treadwell, "do you
know the difference between a reason
able doubt and 52 a day?"
This unexpected sally caused a titter
throughout the courtroom and rendered
tho talesman speechless. The Judge
came to his rescue by telling him he
need not answer the question.
Millions in Roses.
In the growing of cut flowers tn9
greatest advances have been made
with roses, carnations and violets.
There are now annually sold in this
country 56,000,000 to 57,000,000 worth of
cut roses. This represents something
like . 100.000.000 or 125,000,000 flowers.
The growing of roses as an industry
has developed especially in the vicinity
of our largest cities, such as New
York. Chicago and Philadelphia, — Tna
"World's "Work.
COOLIE LABOR IN AFRICA.
THE recent authorization of Chinese labor in the
Rand mines of South Africa, forced through" Par
liament by the powerful and wealthy clique of
Transvaal mine-owners, has called forth a storm of pro
test from almost every part of the British Empire, which
has a deeper significance, perhaps, than any other issue
ever taken by the colonies with the Home Government.
Not only do the colonials feel that the, step has ruined
the prospects of a strong crown colony in the Trans
vaal and stultified any growing loyalty which might have
been finding place in the hearts of the recently con
quered Boers, but the cry is general that the admission
of Chinese into the labor field of South Africa is a blow
at the well being of the whole empire.
"The vote is a calamity to the empire," comments the
London Daily News the morning after the passage of
the bill through Parliament. "It exposes South Africa
to the most appalling dangers and complicates the prob
lem of that country by a new and perplexing race diffi
culty. It plants an apple of division between the north
ern and southern colonies. It will probably prevent fed
eration and may lead to war or separation in the future."
Though this last prophecy of the News may be con
sidered to be inspired more by partisan rancor than calm
judgment, it is doubtless true that the introduction of
Chinese labor into the Rand will serve to stir up more
labor difficulties^ and result in greater political troubles
than the mine-owners and their party have been able to
foresee. The anti-Chinese feeling which disturbed poli
tics in California during the '70's and after will be du
plicated in the Transvaal with the added thorn of an un
certain Boer sentiment.
Since the close of hostilities down in South Africa
everything has not gone as smoothly for the sturdy Afri
kanders as their conquerors would have desired. The
readjustment of a free state into the status of a crown
colony has been attendee} with not a few worrying com-,
plications which. have not had the tendency to make the
Boers wildly enthusiastic for the British system. When
now they see the labor market cheapened and the possi
bilities of a further depreciation of this very element
which has. made for the building up of their state, the
old" spirit of independence in them is not likely to give
way to British influence any, the easier.
Another and perhaps a more grave outcome of the
Chinese labor legalization is hinted at by many of the
Australian papers — colonial distrust of the Home Govern
ment and a tendency to more liberal asseveration of inde
pendence. When New Zealand's Premier sent a circular
appeal to all of the colonies to unite in opposition to the
Chinese labor propaganda before the matter came" to a
vote in Parliament, he called for the assertion of a spirit
of union among all of the self-governing dependencies
in matters concerning the empire at large; especially
did he urge a system of brotherly co-operation in behalf
of the crown colonies. By the passage of this measure
in behalf of the rich mine-owners of the Rand the Im
perial Parliament has asserted, against the face of all
colonial opposition, its right to deal as it sees fit with its
own, willy-nilly, and thereby it has put upon the colonial
federation idea a most emphatic seal of disapproval. This
may not pass unchallenged.
'Army Transports.
BT EDWARD SI. UET7TS.
tOptain Twentieth Infantry, O. 8. A.J
(Cvpyr.tln. 1001, by Joseph B. Bow'.cs.)
For the service of transporting troops
and the supplies to maintain them be
tween San Francisco and Manila the
War Department maintains a fleet of
eight transports, of which tbe Lopan
is a good example. The maintenance of !
such a fleet has been attacked by rep
resentatives of shipping interests to
which the business would fa!l if the
transports were abolished, but a careful
Investigation has clearly shown that
the transport service not only moves
troops and supplies at much less cost
than if sent by merchant marine, but
the officers and men are Infinitely bet
ter provided for.
Brigadier Charles, Humphrey, quar
termaster general of the army, in his
last annual report presents comprehen
sive statistics comparing: the cost of the
transport service during the year with
what the cost would have been had the
service been performed by private car
rying companies, and showing that the
annual saving amounted to 52.24S.439. It
is not unusual for a transport on a sin
gle round trip to thus effect a saving of
$180,000. They are the best transports
in the world and a gratifying contrast
to the improvised ones that proved so
costly during the war with Spain.
All of the transports now sent across
the Pacific are twin screw ships, all
single screw ships being sent via the
Suez canal to New York. The reason
for this is that the course followed by
transports is one not usually used by
trans-Pacific vessels. A serious acci
dent to the engine, the breaking of a
shaft or other such serious misadven
ture would leave a single screw vessel
with its human load helpless in a situ
ation where no aid would reach them.
The transport referred t3 above is a
steel vessel 450 feet long, or, to express
it in other terms, a block and a half in
length. She draws twenty-six feet of
water, and a crew of 1SB men is neces
sary to run her and look after her va
rious departments. Forty-six steam en
gines form her equipment, divided as
follows: Two main engines that propel
her through the water at a speed of
from twelve to sixteen knots an hour,
twenty-five steam pumps to keep her
bilge clear and furnish water pressure
on board, six hoists, two capstan en
gines, three dynamos, five ventilating
engines and two to furnish power for
the ice machines. To provide steam for
and operate these various engines a
force; of sixty-two men is required.
*»Ixty-eig:bt tons of coal are fed into
her furnaces daily, and twelve gallons
«->f oil are necessary each day to lubri
cate her bearings.
This chip, like her sisters, has been
fitted up with great care and skill to
meet the many demands made upon
a troopship. Cabins for officers and
other cabin passengers are provided
and resemble those on a second class
liner. They are small, but fairly com
fortable, substantial, but not elegant,
and they provide accommodations for
a maximum of 143 passengers.
It is in the provisions made for the
enlisted soldiers that these ships espe
cially excel these of other nations. The
lower decks, divided into water-tight
compartments, are devoted to their use.
Kach compartment is fitted up with
iron, canvas bottomed bunks arranged
in three tiers, and with passageways
between. Admiral ventilating arrange
ments keep the air cool and fresh. Six
teen hundred soldiers can be cared for,
.though the number actually on board
is not often so large. Kear the sleep
ing quarters are washrooms and'lava
tories and bathrooms with running wa
ter.
A hospital with all of the latest im
provements is provided for the sick,
with a surgeon and proper attendants
to look after them. An isolation hos
pital for contagious and infectious dis
eases is also provided. A competent
embalmer is always carried on board
and the bodies of soldiers dying en
route are placed in metallic caskets,
twenty-five of which are kept on hand,
and taken to the United States.
On the mess deck Is the messroom,
where the soldiers are provided with
three hot meals each day. Their fare
is plain but abundant, wholesome and
well cooked in large steam galleys pro
vided for that purpose.
The proper feeding of the large num
ber at people of different classes on
board a transport is one of the mat
ters requiring the most careful atten
tion of skilled officers and stewards.
For this purpose all persons are placed
in various classes and assigned to ap
propriate "messes," of which there are
five.
Tu? saloon mess is for all officers,
their families and other cabin passen
gers. A charge of $1 a day is made
to all members of thl: mess, and the
regulations provide that the purchase
of supplies shall be so regulated that
such charge shall meet their cost. The
ship's officers' mess provides for tha
officers of the ship. The food for this
mess is cooked in the same galleys
and served in the same room as for
the saloon mess, but without charge
to its members. The petty officers'
mess and the crew mess are served
both fro:n the sanvj galleys, but In
different dinlrijr-rotrmsr. The troop mess
provides for all of the soldiers except
o-rtcifr. of the senior non-commissioned
officers, . v, ha are served in the • petty
officers' mess.
To furnish food for so many hungry
lines of the human form. And Indian
women, whether of high or low class,
have jewels everywhere; have sleeping
gems and day gems, as we have day
and night shirts.— Everybody's Mag
azine. -
The emergency drills that are now agitating Uncle
Sam's soldiers day and night at the Presidio recommend
themselves as excellent to everybody except those that
are called to duty by sudden alarms. It is always well
to know that our defenders are ready for any call. at any
time. It encourages us and maintains 'martial blood at
the necessary temperature.
a PHILOSOPHER, sitting in the gallery of the
/\ House of Representatives at Washington, during
**. the sessions of the last three days, could have
made good use of a megaphone by aiming it at the floor
below and calling upon the members to keep cool. . The
torrid conditions that appeared were due to a report made
under authority of the Fourth Assistant Postriiaster
General, Mr. Bristow, in which free use was made of the
names of Senators and Representatives of both parties,
connecting them with the names of Machen, Beavers and
other grafters and budders in the Postoffice Department.
Be it known that every postmaster, and the commun
ity iu which he sells stamps and money orders and han
dles mail, wish to raise the grade of the/office. It means
for the incumbent more salary and enables ,the citizen to
.say to the visitor, "Yes, sir, no town in the % State more
prosperous. Our postoffice gained one grade in the last
year, sir." The influence used to increase the grade and
allowance of a postoffice is naturally the member of Con
gress for the district. The postmaster gets the people to
write to him, and he goes to the department in Wash:
ington with these letters, and usually gets what he prays
for, whether it be advance in the grade of the office, more
clerks or more clerk hire. If the Congressman do not
go on this errand when the people ask him, it goes hard
with him at the next election. It is regarded as business
in the interest of his constituents, and if he be inatten
tive to it woe be unto him.
• The report attributed to General Bristow is a catalogue
of the instances in which members of Congress have
done these things, and Avhen the granting of the prayer
lay with Machen or Beavers that fact is stated in the re
port. When this was made public the face of luna be
came gory. In the" House members of both parties
broke out in oratory more or less impassioned. The
men whose names were not in the report sympathized
with those who were in it, and these uttered themselves
in the language of indignation, anger and defiance. When
a highly excited member uttered some especially scorn
ful and denunciatory sentiment both sides applauded.
The gale gathered strength as it blew, and when one
gentleman, who felt more aggrieved than the others, de
nounced Bristow as a liar and a scoundrel the applause
rocked the marble effigies in Statuary Hall.
The whole demonstration is as regrettable as its cause.
It is probable that General Bristow never saw the re
port. The secret service agents of the Government are
responsible for v this and a great many other offenses,
which should secure the vigorous overhauling of that
bureau. They are supposed to be detectives, and being
backed by the Federal Government they have the power,
and have used it, to destroy the reputation of honorable
men and to send the innocent to prison and disgrace.
When their services are invoked Cabinet officers are
powerless. The Bristow report bears the marks of their
work. It is characteristic of them to assume that every
man who came in contact with Machen and Beavers, dur
ing their sixteen years' service in the department, was
doing something wrong and must be exposed. In that
spirit, inquiry has been made by them into the advances
in grade and clerk hire and/other matters to which mem
bers of Congress, attend for their constituents, and the
whole has been published on Bristow's authority, to cast
discredit upon 191 members of the House and Senate
who have done no wrong, but on the contrary have done
exactly right in behalf of the communities they represent.
The report covers another class of cases, in which
members of the House and the Senate have owned
buildings that were rented to the Government for postal
purposes. These rent contracts- run ten, years. When
the report appeared these cases were at once assumed to
be on all fours with that of the Brooklyn Congressman
who was interested in a supply contract, and the mem
bers involved were, supposed to be under the shadow of
an indictment. But upon examination it was found that
such rent 'contracts had been made before the owners of
the property became members of Congress, and that
upon abandonment of the contracts being notified to the
department the Attorney General had decided that elec
tion to Congress subsequently to the making of such
a contract did not nullify it, and that the Government in
sisted upon compliance! This is good law and as good
sense. If a contracting party be competent .when the
contract is made, subsequent incompetency would affect
only a new contract and would not nullify the old one.
While we admit that the insinuations of the report
were infuriating and that rage was natural, yet it was
quite unparliamentary, and the dignity of the House?
would have been sustained and the judgment of the
country convinced by calm statements, in judicial tone,
putting the facts, without any dressing of epithet and in
vective. There had been no impropriety of conduct on
the part of any of the 191 members found in the drag net
of the dummy . Vidocqs of the . secret service, and that
could have* been made plain ..without impropriety of
speech.
Sam Wouldn't Get Up.
Sam Pruitt made his debut in the
1 boxing game several years ago. He
was a big colored fellow of the heavy
1 weight division and many shrewd
judges of boxing pronounced Sttttt a
second Peter Jackson and placed him
as a likely candidate for the heavy
weight championship. Sam made his
first* appearance as an amateur and
won several bouts, which boomed hia
stock. Then he became a professional.
One night at the San Francisco Club
he, was boxing a big fellow of the op
posite color. During the first two
rounds Sam showed to advantage by
pegging and jabbing his opponent
without a return. During a mix-up In
the third round the white man caught
Sam with a sweeping swing and sent
him to the floor. Referee Greggain*
stood over the fallen boxer and com
menced counting off the seconds. When
he reached eight Greggains said, "Sam,
I have counted eight, you had better
get up." *n:
"Mr. GreggainB," replied Sam, "you
can count a thousand and I ain't never
going to get up. You get that white
man there out of the ring if you want
me to get up."
mouths for such a long voyage de
mands the laying in of immense quan
tities of stores, perishable and other
wise. Certain of these, as for instance,
frozen bee? and mutton, can be replen
ished at Manila, but. in the case of
many arilcien. the return voyage must
also be provided for.
Fifty thousand pound* of fresh beef,
2000 pounds of fresh pork, a ton of
veel and mutton, and 2500 pounds of
miscellaneous fresh fish are among
the food items loaded at San Fran
cisco. Twenty thousand pounds of
!ne»» pork will be baked with 5000
pounds of beans for consumption be
fore th"» return voyage Is completed.
Thr«»6 thousand pounds of bacon, 2000
pound* o* corned beef and 2500
pound? of rice are among the smaller
Items of ataplia. 'Forty-flve thousand
pounds of potatoes and 10,000 pounds
of onions form the fresh vegetable
part of the soldier's rations. Three
quarters of a ton of tea is carried on
board and the coffee weighs more than
three tona. Seventy-five thousand
pounds of sugar, 1S00 sacks of flour,
7000 pounds or cabbage and 3800 cans
of tomatoes complete the list of ar
ticles from which the food of the
larger moesee Is prepared.
For the saloon and ship's officers'
messes some finer stores are laid in.
Of these the following may be men
tioned; Eijrhtcsn hundred dozen eggs,
-OCQ pounds cf butter, 1500 pounds
of sausage, 2800 pound3 of poultry,
COO rounds of game, 200 boxes of ap
ples, two barrels of cranberries, S00
cans of cp.ch kind of fruit and vege
table, 2000 pounds each of carrots
and turnips, 1000 pounds of sweet po
tatoes, 500 pound3 of pumpkins and
COO bunches of celery- One hundred
gallons of fresh milk and thirty gal
lons of cream, carried frozen in ten
gallon cans, is used between San Fran
cisco and Manila.
To care for this large amount of
perishable stores four large cold
storage rooms are kept in constant
operation. The meats of all kinds and
fish are kept solidly frozen. The po
tatoes and onions are kept at a tem
perature of 4 8 degrees, other fresh
vegetables at 36 degrees, and fruit at
40 degrees. Once a day the cold
storage rooms are opened and a d*ay's
supply, as called for by the stewards*
requisitions, is taken out. Though each
transport has an ice machine, 2500
tons of ice are loaded before sailing,
and ice is manufactured only when
that supply is exhausted.
The voyage to Manila is a long one,
lasting from twenty-five to thirty days,
and it would prove more tedious than
it does if employment of some kind
were not provided for the soldiers. As
far as possible the same routine is
followed on board ship as in garrison.
The usual roll-calls, beginning with
reveille, are held, twice each day the
men are put through gymnastic exer
cises on deck and athletic sports are
encouraged; The regular sessions of
the "post school" for young officers
are held morning and afternoon. Each
afternoon, when the weather is fine,
the band plays a concert programme,
and every morning a thorough in
spection of the troops, the sleeping
quarters and messes is made by the
commanding officer and the quarter
master of the ship.
The most interesting ceremony of the
day occurs at sunset. The troops -are
drawn up in line more or less steady,
depending upon the roughness of the
sea— the band plays the "Star-Spangled
Banner," and, while all officers and
men not in ranks stand uncovered and
facing aft toward the flagstaff, a detail
from the guard slowly lowers the flag
and stows it away until it shall again
be given to the breeze at the dawn of
a new day.
Life on board ship for the cabin pas
sengers is largely one of indolence.
Days are spent lounging on deck read
ing or conversing, and they slip gently
by with nothing to mark one from its
predecessor or successor, the daily bul
letin showing each successive day the
ship about three hundred miles farther
along on the voyage until finally. she
drops, anchor in Manila Bay, and the
troops are taken ashore to begin a new
life under a tropic sun and surrounded
by new conditions.
and such economic questions as "irrigation, forestry, the
trusts and labor, he has furnished a complete and co
pious literature, every line of which bears scanning and
every principle stated goes to judgment fearlessly.
The example set by Kansas Republicans can be safely
followed by all the States, and even .more use may be
made of the sayings of the President. When this is done
men will'realize-in what a high sense he has been Presi
dent of the whole people! , To test this let his utterances
be read to any intelligent American, disconnected from
his name, and they will be indorsed as great and clear
statements of our proper national policy and conduct.
In these utterances the President has made himself the
platform, and it will be found very difficult to misrep
resent them to the people.
KEEP COOL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY; MARCH 13, 1904.
THE SAN FR^NGISCO; CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .... ...... Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager.
PubUcation Offico <30§j^§&&> ..Third and Market Streets, S. P.
SUNDAY.... ........ MARCH 13, 1904
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
32WASHINGTON. March 12. — Representative
Hear«t of New York has introduced a bill cre
ating an interstate commerce . c^urt and
authorizing the Interstate Commerce Commis.
•Ion to fix frelzht rates. <
The burninsr out of a defective flue
in the Emma Spreckels building on
Market street, opposite Mason, ne
cessitated an alarm from box 144
about 8:30 o'clock last night. The
flames, shooting skyward, made it ap
pear as if the building was threatened,
but the department soon had the flre
under control. The loss was small.
Defective Flue on Fire.
Homer Davenport delivered his last
lecture on "The Power of a Cartoon"
yesterday afternoon to a large audi
ence at Lyric Hall. The cartoonist il
lustrated his remarks with several
rapid sketches of the best known pub
lic men in the country. At the con
clusion of the lecture the drawings
were raffled off to the audience. Dav
enport told many humorous and pa
thetic anecdotes regarding the effect
cartoons have on their victims.
Cartoonist Davenport Lectures.
Save for a tflaraocd and wear It while pay
ing. P. V. Gartn. JsO2-3 Hayward bulldlnv
Wrtte cr tel. Jamrs 40S« and wa .will call ?. •
Joseph A. Hammill has been or
dered to appear before Judge Muras
ky next Friday to show cause why an
order should not be made directing
him to pay to Lillie A. Hammill $65
a month alimony, $25 costs and $75
counsel fees. Mrs. Hammill is suing
him for divorce on the ground of cru
elty.
A loaf of bread plays an important
part in a complaint for divorce filed
yesterday by Marie Landl against F.
P. Landi, a fish and oyster merchant
at 241 Sanchez street. Mrs. Landi ac
cuses her husband of having used the
bread as a weapon and with striking
her on the head with It. thereby caus
ing her great mental and physical pain.
She also says that he once threatened
to choke her and on several occasions
called her such harsh names that she
felt humiliated and disgraced. The
Landis were ma—icd less than a year
ago.
John J. Bell is seeking a divorce
from Lennie Bell on the ground of
cruelty and infidelity. He says she
is too fond of a man named Johnson
and consorts with men with tarnished
reputations. They were married at
Morrisburg, Canada, in 1885 and
have two children, the custody of
whom Bell asks for.
Marie Land! Seeks Separation Be
cause Husband Struck Her on
Head AVith Staff of Life.
LOAF OF BREAD PLAYS /
PART IN DIVORCE SUIT
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion at San Francisco on April 6 for
the position of messenger boy in the
construction and repair department,
Mare Island Navy Yard, Cal.. at 51 04
a day. Age limit, 14 to 20 years.
Persons who desire to compete should
apply to the United States Civil Ser
vice Commission. Washington, D. C.
or to the secretary Consolidated Board
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jackson
street. San Francisco. Cal., for appli
cation form 304, which should be
properly executed and filed with the
commission at Washington.
Messenger Boy Wanted.
The Rev. Dr. J. Wharton James de
livered a lecture on "Our Dumb Ani
mals" in the auditorium of the Young
Men's Christian Association last even
ing. The lecture was illustrated by a
collection of stereopticon views.
Lectures on Animals.
XEW YORK, March 12.-The stock
market developed some activity to
day and a rather positive tone of
weakness. The weakness was largely
sympathetic with the .pressure upon
individual stocks, especially Metro
politan Street Railway and Metro
politan Securities. The liquidation in
these two stocks gave signs of urgency
and cost the former 4 H points and
the latter S points. Pennsylvania was
also freely pressed for sale and broke
through the support which had been
In evidence above 112. Th« price
touched 111*. whlch l3 on,* 1^
above the low point since the last
stock Issue started its long decline
The market hardened on short cov
ering and the closing was firm. United
States Steel was conspicuous in the
recovery The decrease in loans shown
by the bank statement was contral
to expectations. The steadiness of
Northern Securities on the curb had
a dissuasive influence on traders, who
sold stocks yesterday to discount a
possible decision in the Supreme Court
J^OOO^ 5 '" T<>taI SaleS ° f bOnds '
The assumption that the legal ob
stacles opposed to the process of com
bination were the direct causes of the
breaking up of the carnival of specu
lation sharpens the influence attrib
uted to the Northern Securities de
cision, which is awaited with a fever
ish anxiety from week to week and
almost from day to day. The supposi
tion that the Btock market -will
promptly find its bearings when that
decision becomes known, however,
takes small account of the plentiful
signs of industrial and commercial re
actions in all quarters. The declining
tendency of earnings and traffic and
of bank clearings, the accumulation
of idle reserves in banking centers, the
obscure outcome of the coming year's
crops, the uncertainties surrounding
the war In the Far East and its pos
sible complications and the natural
unsetUement usual to a national po
litical campaign in this country are
some of the substantial grounds for
the hesitation and stagnation which
enshroud the securities market.
The bond market has been dull and
sluggish in sympathy with stocks.
United States bonds axe unchanged
on call for the week.
Decision in the Northern
Securities Case. Is Being
Awaited With Anxiety
ly defective owing to uncertainty and
ambiguity. The demurrer was taken
under advisement.
¦ m «
TO ENLARGE PLAYGROUND
OF NOE VALLEY SCHOOL
Board of Education Will Purchase an
Adjoining Lot on Douglass and
Elizabeth Streets.
The Board of Education yesterday
held a conference with the owner of
the lot at the corner of Douglass and
Elizabeth streets, which adjoins the
Noe Valley School, with a view to pur
chasing the lot for additional play
ground room for pupils of the school
named. The lot is 64x120 feet in area,
and the members of the board deem it
advisable to acquire the lot, as the
present playground is too small for
the purpose.
- The board was more decided in its
opinion when It ascertained that the
owner of the lot intended to build
cheap flat3 thereon. President Ron
covieri declared that such a course
would spoil the architectural beauty
of the Xoe Valley School and be of
fensive In other ways. 3 In all likeli
hood the purchase of the lot will b«
consummated.
¦ ? •
Takes Children From Liddle
: Two of the three minor children of
XV. R. Liddle were taken from his
custody by Judge Murasky yes
terday and given into the care
of Mrs. Man- Hammers. The
third and A. L. Pierce. Liddles grand
son, were ser.t to the Boys* and Girls*
Aid Society. This action is the re
sult of complaints lodged against Lid
dle by M. J. White, secretary of the
California Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children.
STOCK MARKET
WEAK IN TONE
Much Important Business Transacted
at the Meeting of the New
Governing Body.
An important session of the new
executive committee of the Gaelic
League in California was held Thurs
day evening at headquarters, 23 Mur
phy building.
Much business affecting the welfare
of the league was transacted. The sev
eral branches presented credentials
and after due consideration it was
decided that delegates from branches
outside of San Francisco and Oakland
shall be entitled lo choose, with the
approval of their branches, some ac
tive member of the league to represent
them on the executive committee, pro
\ ided that such representation shall
. vease when the delegate actually at
tends meetings of the executive com
mittee, and that no person on the
executive committee «h:ill have more
than one vote or represent more than
one branch.
Joseph P. KelJeher reported that the
evening step dancing classes met on
Friday evenings at Hibernia Hall and
that great interest was manifested by
young and old in learning the dances
of Ireland.
A committee was appointed to sug
gest ways and means for an entertain
ment after Easter for the benefit of
the education fund.
The delegates tvere reminded of the
importance of sbumitting regular re
ports respecting the branches under
their supervision and were urged to
visit as often as possible the meetings
of the branches and the classes in con
nection therewith. The cultivation of,
the Gaelic language and the necessity
for giving monthly entertainments at
which literature, music and song of
the Gael should predominate was also
suggested to the delegates.
A committee was appointed to wait
on Father J. F. Nugent of St. Rose's
Church to make arrangements for the
holding of a Gaelic service in St.
Rose's Church on St. Patrick's day.
WELFARE OF GAELIC LEAGUE
IS DISCUSSED BY COMMITTEE
Enrique Mack Defendant In Action
for $300,000 in Coin of Chile
Due on. Promissory Note.
SUIT INVOLVING LARGE
SU3I FILED BY EXECUTOR
A suit- Involving $300,000 in coin of
Chile, due on a promissory note, was
filed yesterday by Guillermo Mack,
executor of the estate of the late Wil
liam Mack. The defendant in the
action is Enrique Mack. The note was
made in Paris In October. 1S9&, and
became due January 1, 1902.
It recites that for value received
William Mack advanced to Enrique
Mack the sum of 2300,000 in the coin
of Chile and that the latter promised
to pay the sum on January 1, 1902,
with interest at the rate of 6 per cent.
The value of the note in United States
coin is Jill, 037.
The note appears to be an inter
national affair! It was made in
France and made payable in Chilean
money In the Argentine Republic.
Mack died at Monte Carlo- and the
suit for the recovery of the money is
filed in California.
The speaker will dwell particularly
on the moral and religious aspect of
citizenship. In every large city in the
United States the Young Men's Chris
tian Association is making a specialty
of Sunday afternoon meetings of this
character and great succesa has at
tended the efforts of the association to
furnish a Sunday afternoon diversion
that is both instructive and helpful.
Another of the meetings for men,
which have become one of the most
popular features of the Y6ung Men's
Christian Association, will be held this
afternoon at 3 o'clock in the audi
torium of the institution. Commander
C. B. T. Moore of the United \ States
navy will speak on "The Making of a
Citizen." It is unusual for a man of
his class and rank to address a. meet
ing of this character and a large at
tendance is assured.
The guard has had the .Krag-Jorgen
sens for several months, but as yet not
an organization has had practice with
the new arm, therefore they have only
a theoretical knowledge of what it is
capable of accomplishing. In view of
this Captains Petty and Grattan of the
First Artillery and Captains Hunt and
Vanderbilt of the Fifth Infantry are
considering a proposition of selecting
five crack shots from each of a num
ber of companies, providing them with
1000 rounds of ammunition and having
them practice at the range of Com
pany D, near San Rafael, for the pur
pose of ascertaining what can be done
with the new arm.
In connection with the new rifles It is
somewhat singular that the men have
not yet been provided with cartridge
belts, and as the old ones have been
surrendered they have no place in
¦which to carry ammunition except it be
the pockets of their clothes.
During the current week 1500 of the
uniforms and caps ordered some time
since will be ready for delivery.
The guard of this State finds Itself
hampered in the matter of target
practice. When it was provided with
the Springfield rifles a certain amount
was* appropriated for ammunition for
annual target practice, and it Is claimed
this amount was insufficient to supply
the necessary rounds for each man.
Now the men have been provided with
Krag-Jorcensens, and it has been as
certained that the ammunition specially
prepared for target practice costs $33
per 1000 rounds — nearly double the
amount that it cost for a like amount
for the Springfields. It is probable that
the wise heads of the guard will meet
to devise ways and means to meet the
raise.
A.M3IUXITION" EXPENSIVE.
The men of the several commands
were drilled in close and extended or
ders and examined as to their knowl
edge of the duties of the soldier, par
ticularly as to sentry and guard mount.
In addition to the ordinary line of
inquiry Major Wilhelm, who is an in
spector of rille practice on the staff of
the commander in chief, has wherever
he has been on this tour made inquiry
from each organization about target
practice and localities for target
ranges. San Francisco has no place
suitable for a range, a fact which has
been discovered also by the inspector
of small arms practice for the United
States army, as appears from the fact
that the major general of the Depart
ment of California has ordered Major
Van Vliet, Tenth Infantry, and Cap
tain Frank L. Wina, Twelfth Infantry,
to proceed to San Jose, Coyote, Sar
gents and other points to locate a suit
able place for a range. Difficulty is
experienced in many parts of the State
because of the rapid settlement of the
country and the absence of desirable
sites for ranges wlthi? reasonable dis
tance. Major Wilhelm has made a re
quest for information as to available
sites.
TARGET RAXGE ORDER.
Commander C. B. T. Moore
to Speak at Y. M. C. A.
- on Citizenship.
r
NAVAL OFFICER WHO WILL
# SPEAK AT THE Y. M. C. A.
THIS AFTERNOON.
Captain Harry Smith, master of the
steamship Doric, pleaded not guilty to
a charge that he allowed a Chinese
passenger to escape. His trial was set
for April 7.
The trial of Ah Sing for selling
cigars withont an internal revenue
bond was set for April 5; that of Eric
Blade for counterfeiting for April 6.
and that of M. Vanni for counterfeit
ing for April 11.
T. T. Burnett and W. F. Dasha
pleaded not guilty to the indictment,
charging them with substituting Chi
nese freemen for prisoners being de
ported. T. J. Dempsey, indicted with
them, was not present, owing to sick
ness, and he was allowed until next
Saturday to plead. Lee Lim, a co
defendant, interposed a demurrer, con
tending that the indictment was fatal-
John Da\-is filed a libel against
Jonas Schoenfeld, as owner of the
American bark Louisiana. He alleges
that on November 22, 1903, while 200
miles this side "of Honolulu his left
shoulder -was fractured by being
caught in the bight of the boom sheet
and that the master Instead of turning
back to Honolulu for surgical treat
ment took him to* San Francisco, the
delay costing Davis the use of his arm.
He wants 510,000 damages.
When Thomas F. Reynolds, the dis
graced postofflce clerk from Redding,
stood up In the United States District
Court yesterday for sentence his coun
sel, Charles A." Garter, made a plea
for clemency on the grounds of the
prisoner's^ youth, the fact that it was
the first offense and that the accused
had hitherto borne a good reputation.
Reynolds had pleaded guilty to an in
dictment charging him with having
opened letters in the Redding post
office and extracted money from them.
Judge de Haven remarked that were
it not for the youth of the prisoner he
would send him to the penitentiary.
He imposed a sentence of two years'
imprisonment in the Alameda County
Jail, with such herd labor as may be
found there.
i ¦ ¦ t
During the last week Major Wilhelm.
i United States army Inspector, and
' Colonel Koster, State inspector of the i
; National Guard, were engaged in in- j
spc-cting the following named compa- !
| nies of the 'Fifth Infantry: A in Oak-!
land, B in San Jose, C in Petaluma, D !
in San Rafael and E in Santa Rosa, j
These inspectors were to have been
with Troop A. cavalry, in this city last i
Thursday, but were stormbound in San- |
ta Rosa and could not get .away, there- |
fere that organlaztion was inspected by I
llajor Schmitt of the division staff..
To-morrow Company F of Oakland,
Tuesday Company G of Alameda
"Wednesday Company H of Napa ana >
Saturday Company I of Livermore, all
of the Fifth Infantry, will be inspected, j
The inspection last week wa3 in the «
main satisfactory, but*the best show- j
ing in every particular was by Compa- |
nies A and B. As in the previous in
spections by these officers, the work
. was remarkable for its minuteness of
detail and for the many questions asked
j of the non-commissioned officers. From
< the many notes made by the inspecting
' officers it is to be surmised that the re
[ ports to be presented will contain much
; that will be instructive reading for the
I boys who wear the State blue.
Demurrer Filed in the Chi
nese Swapping Cases to
Quash the Indictment
Inquiry Being Made as to
Suitable Sites Where Citi
zen Soldiers Can Shoot
MEN WITHOUT BELTS
National .Guardsmen Declare \
That 3Iore Money Is Neces- !
sary for Target Practice I
Young Postal Thief Sent to
Alameda County Jail In
stead of the Penitentiary
SAILOB WANTS DAMAGES
GARTER PLEADS
FOR REYNOLDS
INSPECTIONS
ARE STILL ON
NAVAL OFFICER
WILL ADDRESS
MEN'S MEETING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.. SUNDAY. MARCH 13. 1904:
33
• ADVESTISEaEEirrS.
SILK NOVELTIES
TAFFETAS EBLOUISSANT
An entirely new finish, very effective for
dressy costumes, solid colors, all the new Qi QC url
shades, 20 inches wide . • > OliZO ill
BURLINGHAM
A fabric made of raw silk, of coarse texture.
I a beautiful and exclusive material, -2S PQ CO iff!
inches wide • . • '^^S^« '•' • • • • vZiOU Vli
MESSALINETTE
The most attractive and most popular silk
of the season; comes in a great variety of 0| CO yfl
pretty colors, 24 inches wide OliuU )U
NEW CHECKS and SEEDED EFFECTS
In a large assortment of designs for Shirt Q| flQ . ff l
Waist Suits; prices range from OliuU yU
CHIFFON FOULARDS nr. j
Immense collection, new desiens .... 03 u Ju
RIBBONS
Entirely new stock; rare assortment of styles suitable for
Hat Trimmings. Belts, Neckwear, etc. Also a new line of
Lingerie Ribbons in dainty colorings. Bows tied Free of charge.
SPECIAL— 5000 yards Messaline Taffeta
Ribbon, 5 inches wide, very soft, lustrous Qfip llrf
finish; madeto sell at 45c yd; special . . . OUb jfll
j Cor.Post&Kearny Sis*
Great Hetirgn g Sale
COME AND SEE. "V r on can either save one-
third pf your purchase price, or spend the usual
amount and get one-third better goods than you
intended buying.
Every piece of Furniture, even to the lowest
priced, is worthy in style and construction.
PATTOSJE.VS big STORE will positively
close MAY ist. From that dr.y on the downtown
stores will tax you double the price you can now
buy goods for at our btore.
, s
A. deposit wSl secure for you any ar-
ticle you may desire for April delivery.
COR. 16th and MISSION STS.
Any Car Is a Car for Pattosicn's.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Grip and
Prevents Pneumonia.
The prevailing epidemic may
net be called Grip, bscaus? it
may please the doctors to use
some other name, but ir you
have Influenza, Catarrh, Pains
and Soreness in the Head or
Chest, Cough, Sore Throat, Gen-
eral Prostration and Fever or
any of these, then "77" will
cure you quicker and brtter
than any known remedy.
Jubilee Bock Mailed Free.
At drucsistp 1 . 25 cents «ach. cr mailed.
Hairf-hreys* M»<!. Co.. Cor. William & John
Etx««t*. New York.
J visit DR. JORDAN'S oncA-ri
3BUSEUH OF AHATOEIY?
V &$ '* :r * - tzzzr - :r - "*- »•?*• ZJ.ZiL A
\ wf ¦; hr Urf?« Aiatcniol Mumcb ic tkt \
Q aMtk. *'orid. Ite*jc*e»es ar tuy contracted A
O IgHl -^ci-Koe ti-Cc»r. tiLjdTMrj. Q
4 0*Xf A CR - JOSQAN-D'SEASES CF MEN 6
Q (• MtZti Tr » ir =«-t txrvjn*!') «r fcjr IrrTCT. A A
\ R W Tl K **•"••• V
A r 7 liv *'«'*» t-*k. rBiLOKornvwJl
" n I a*n*iA«;K. k^ib mes. (at
A H u- »» r -at ; « benk (ar Bra) \
•'DB^JWCDAXACO^IMlMarkrt St..S. F. 9
'fiadways
Purely w«f-t»bi e , miia and reliable. Cauaes
perfect 4ic«tio». complete absorption aarj
tealtfcful r»ru:arltr.
For Xhe cure of all «U«jr<ler» of the Stomach-
Liver. Bo»e!«. KMnej-i. Bladder. Female Ir-
rezTjlaritie*. sick Headache. Bil»oue»*sa, Con-
rtlj*tlcn. Pile* arvl all deranz«n>enta of tfc»
Intrmal Viscera. 23e a bo*. At dro«l»t»' or
•» malt ItADTVAT ic CO.. New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beantjr.
• Nearly everybody knows that char- j
coal Is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize Its value wh«n taken into
the human system for tho same
cleansing purpose.
Charcoal Is a remedy that the more
you take of It the better; It Is not a
drug at all, but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present in
the stomach and intestines aad carries
tnem out of. the systsa:.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
pniukir.g, drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and Im-
proves the complexion; it whitens the
teeth and further acts as .a natural
and eminently i^fe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
AH druggists sell charcoal in" one
form or another, but probably the
best charcoal and the most for the
money* is in Stuart's Absorbent Loz-
enges: thcyare composed of the finest
powdered willow charcoal and other
harmless" antiseptics In tablet form or
rather in the form of large, pleasant
tasting lozenges, the charcoal being
mixed with honey. t -
. The daily use of these lozenges will
soon, tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
plexion, sweeter breath and purer
blood, and the beauty of it is that no
possible harm can result from their
continued use, but. on the contrary,
great' benefit.
A Buffalo physician In speaking of
the benefits of charcoal. says: "I ad-
vise Stuart's Absorbent Lozenge3 to
all .patients suffering from gas in
stomach and bowels and to clear the
complexion'; and purify the breath,
mouth and throat; , I also believe the
liver is greatly benefited, ty the daily
use of them; they cost but 25 cents a
box at drug, stores, and although in
some sense a patent preparation, yet
I believe I Ket more and better, char-
coal in Stuart's -Absorbent Lozenges
than. in any of the ordinary* charcoal
tahlara.'* - ' • ,
1 "MORNING" 1
BY COROT.
1 ¦ ¦ _¦ y ;..:. TT .- •. r - r - I
••yWO R IN I IN G •
The landscape by Corot which is reproduced in the next Sunday Call art supplement is
typical of a large part of the productions of the genius of the prolific poet-painter. It is one of
the best known of this famous painter's canvases, the original bringing $25,000 at public sale in
r 1881. It possesses the poetic inspiration, the refined and delicate color and the concise expression
of the essential elements of the beauty of landscape which distinguished him as the greatest land-
*' scape painter the world has yet known.
It is no wonder that the art of "orot was great. He possessed so kind and lovable a nature
thet he endeared himself to every one who knew him. "Papa Corot" was the sobriquet which men
of his own prorcssion bestowed upon him. While he was not a man of much educataion, he pos-
sessed a great fund of that native intelligence which we call common sense, and considerable busi-
, ness ability. >
His untiring industry resulted in the production of a quantity of work which is most extra-
ordinary considering his uniform success in attaining his high aim. The fleeting and uncertain
effects of light and air were seized by him and reproduced in a most limited range of values and
the narrowest possible gamut of color. With delicate grays, greens, pale violet, -yellow and salmon
tints he produced harmonies into which he threw a vibrant force by a touch of vcrmillion and a
few positive notes of brown and black.
Jean Baptiste Camile Corot was born in Paris in 1796. He received his early education in
Rouen, and became apprenticed : to a doth merchant in Paris when quite young. When a6 years
of age he began bis art studies in the studio of Michallon, and the next year entered the- studio
Of Victor Bertin> In 1827 he first exhibited in the Salon. Recognition came slowly, but by the time
he reached the age of 70 he had amassed a considerable lortune. He received a second-class medal
in 1833 and a first in 1848. In 1874 a special gold medal was struck and presented to him by his
fellow artists as a token of their esteem. He was made a chevalier of the Legion of Honor in
1846, and promoted to the grade of officer in 1867. He died February 22, 1875.
HTHE CALL Is Sold at All the Principal Hotels and News Depots
\ and by Stationers and All Train News Agents. Register a
Complaint if You Cannot Purchas-e a Call : : : : : : :-.ir'.Stoll, dentist; Halght &' MuonJo ay.*
Swell pamphlets are being printed by Edw.
S. Kno wles. 21 Second st. •
The suit of Norine Collins for $500
against her brother,. George D. Col
lins, has been settled out of court
A dismissal of the action was filed
yesterday. . . "
Miss Collins* Suit Dismissed.'
Tills Week, $40 First- Class Scwine
. Machines $18.
All the $40 sewing machines at Patto
slen's, corner. Sixteenth and <¦ Mission
streets, will this week be .closed out for
$18. Guaranteed for, ten years. , • 1
City Attorney Long yesterday ad
vised the Fire Commission that. under
the specifications governing the pur
chase of an automobile from A.
Brooke Ridley the machine should
maintain an average rate of speed of
twenty miles an hour for one hour at
least. The commission desired to
know if the machine could be rejected
upon the gorund that it had made a
trip covering only one. mile at a twen
ty-mile an hour rate.
Speed of an Automobile.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. Richard & Co.. 4Cfl Clay.*
George Gordan of the commission
firm of Gordan,- Porter Bros. & Ware
yesterday filed a suit for $9305 dam
ages against John Loeffler of the So
noma Preserve Company for an al
leged breach .of his contract' to give
to the plaintiff the sole right to handle
the output of the company.
Alleged Breach of Contract.
For the last six weeks we have had a
continuous rainstorm in this city. 'yet
the crowds of people daily attended the
GREAT FURNITURE SALE at PAT
TOSIEN'S, corner Sixteenth and Mis
sion streets. This shows that rain
will not stop the ladies from
shopping when they know they can
get "real" bargains. This week all
the three-piece $40 parlor seta will
go at $23; the flve-plece $45 sets, $29 501
There is no doubt the crowds will con
tinue coming until the 1st of May." when
the store will close forever. Prices will
double after that time. •
"When Ladles See Bargains Rain Does
Not Keep Them Back.
Burke Is Sentenced.
Frank Eurke, who was convicted
&y a Jury in Judge Cook's court on a
rharge of attempt to commit burglary,
cas sentenced yesterday to serve one
year and three months in Folsom pen
itentiary. He was arrested on De
cember 6 while trying to break open
the door of David Baker's saloon, 602
Sixth street.
Although Judge Murasky decided that
the warrants are illegal, Jean Pon. who
applied for the writ of review, did not
obtain the relief he sought for because
he*was not one of the parties interested.
For this reason Judge Murasky sus
tained the demurrer of the City Attor
ney to the petition for the writ, though
giving an opinion sustaining the con
tention of Pon's ottorney.
Judge Murasky's opinion on the le
gality of "John and Jane Doe" war
rants resultant from a suit for a writ of
review of the action of the Police Court
In issuing these warrants for the arrest
of women occupying quarters In a ques
tionable resort on Dupont street was
filed yesterday. He decides that the
warrants are Illegal In that they are a
violation of the constitutional provision
Inserted in every bill of rights, which Is
recognized as one of the strongest pro
tests against the ancient system of giv
ing great power to Irresponsible parties.
He compares them to the famous let
tres de cachet, the use of which was
one of the causes that led to the French
Revolution. Judge Murasky's opinion is
as follows:
This is an action for a -writ o£ review or
certiorari to review anrt annul the Issuance of
certain warrants which do not name or de
scribe the persons to be arrested.
That .such warrants are invalid admits of
no question. Like the lettres de cachet of
unsavory fame, they might be used to fit any
person at the caprice of the officer charged
with their execution. The fact that such an
abuse of them is Improbable Is no justification
for their Issuance. The complainant who
swore to the complaints upon which the war
rants were based must have alleged the com
mission of an offense by some one and that
person should be able to describe if not to
name. The matter Is placed beyond dispute,
however, by the provisions of the constitu
tion upon the subject, a provision Inserted In
every bill of rights and always regarded as
one of the strongest protests agralnst the an
cient system of irresponsible power evidenced
by roving commissioners and lettres de cachet.
Section 19 — The richt of the people to be
secure In their persons. ' houses, papers and
effects asalnst unreasonable seizures and
searchers, shall not be violated, and no war
rant shall issue, but on probable cause, sup
ported bv oath or affirmation particularly de
scribing the place to be searched and persons
and things to be seized.
This writ must fail, however, for. the reason
that petitioner is not a party beneficially in
terested, as It Is provided In the Code he must
be to entitle him to certiorari. Upon tEls
ground the demurrer to the petition is sus
tained.
In Judge Murasky's Opinion
They Are Like Famous
French Lettres de Cachet
"DOE" WARRANTS
ARE NOT LEGAL
The following named have been
elected officers of Golden Gate Coun
cil of the United Commercial Travel
ers of America for the current term:
George Borchardt. senior counselor;
A. Enquist, Junior counselor; Oscar
Boldemann, past counselor; H. L. Ju
dell, secretary and treasurer; Joseph
Steinau. conductor; George Senk.
page; A. J. Bernheim, sentinel; A. C.
Boldemann and A. C. Alurr, executive
committee. The reports presented
prior to the elections show the council
to be In a prosperous condition with
387 members and more than (2000 In
the treasury.
Commercial Travelers.
At a meeting of the executive com
mittee having In its charge the enter
tainment of the many Knights Tem
plar and visitors that will be in this
city during the. week of the Triennial
Conclave the chairman of each such
committee presented a report of what
has already been done.
There ia positive assurance that more
strangers will visit San Francisco on
that occasion than ever congregated
within the city before. This applies
to the people of the Pacific slope "as
well as to those coming from east of
the Rockies. The arrangements for re
ceiving and landing passengers are al
most perfect. All transportation com
panies leading into California have se
cured the amplest accommodation pos
sible to meet the extraordinary demand.
Committees will meet the visitors some
distance up the road, escort them to
the depot, where detachments of Sir
Knights, afoot and mounted,, will "re
ceive, them- upon arrival and escort
them, with bands of music and ban
ners, to their hotels and headquarters.
Carriages will be. provided for ladies
and for aged men. Special street cars
will also be at the depot for the use
of parties of Templars that may pre
fer to ride to their hotels in one party.
The .cars will carry passengers to a
certain point only. For the ladles' re
ception committee three parlors have
been secured at the Palace Hotel.
Golden Gate Park will excel anything
the Eastern or even the "Western people
have ever seen to show the visitors
what can be done by artisans aided
and favored by the exceptional cli
matic conditions prevailing ¦ In San
Francisco all the year. Every Ma
sonic emblem of every rite and de
gree will blossom in fragrant, bright
flowers in the people's pleasure ground.
The illumination and street decora-
Mrs. Boyd evidently knew of the ex
istence of Boyd's first wife, for she re
lates that she and her. husband were
visited by Mrs. Hollowbush in 1897. # She
does not state the object of the visit,
but avers that before Mrs. Hollowbush
left the home of her former husband
she was richer by $3500. She" obtained
the money from the capitalist upon the
condition that she>admlt that she was
not hjs wife; that she was the wife
of Hollowbush, and that the divorce
obtained by Boyd in 1857 was a legal
and valid decree of court.
Alexander Boyd, who was a member
of the pioneer real estate firm of Boyd
& Davis, died about three years ago,
leaving an estate worth, It Is estimated,
$6,000,000. Prior to his death he deeded
most of his wealth to Jean McGregor
Boyd, his wife, and in his will left the
remainder to her and their two sons.
Jean McGregor Boyd, the California
widow, in her answer laid bare what
she claims to be a deliberate plot on
the part of a woman .with absolutely
no rights to 'enrich herself at Ihe ex
pense of the Boyd estate. In her an
swer she charges that- Mrs. ' Hollow
bush once thought so little -of her
chance to establish her claim to the
name of Boyd that for the small sum
of $3500 she surrendered her claim and
signed a document tannouncing that
6he was not the wife of the' capitalist
and for the sum named declared that
she waived all her claims.- •.
In regard to the early romance of
her husband, Mrs. Boyd says that prior
to the arrival of Boyd in this State
he married the woman who is now
known as Mrs. Hollowbush. They came
to California in the early fifties and
in 1857, after several years of unhappy
life, Boyd, who was then engaged In
accumulating the millions that are now
the cause of the strife between the two
women, commenced an action for di
vorce. In Sacramento, on November
16, 1857, says Mrs. Boyd, the bonds
uniting them were severed. In sup
port of her denial of the charge that
the decree was illegally and fraudu
lently obtained, Mrs. Boyd further
avers that her husband's first wife. Just
sixteen days after she became free, be
came the wife of one Mr. Hollowbush.
It was in January, 1862, five years after
the divorce, says Mrs. Boyd, that she
became the wife of Boyd. She bore
him two children, who are still alive.
WAIVTED ALL RIGHTS.
Mrs. Hollowbush claimed that in the.
early fifties she had married Boyd, and,
though admitting that he had secured
a divorce from her at Sacramento in
November, 1857,' claimed still to be his
wife on the ground that the legal sep
aration had been obtained by Boyd by
fraudulent means and that therefore
he had no right to give his, name to
another. She said nothing, however,
in her sensational petition of her own
legal right to the name of Hollowbush,
though admitting that she had. like
Boyd, contracted a second marriage.
The millions of the late Alexander
Boyd promise to furnish ground for one
of the most sensational legal battles
ever fought In the local courts. It
will be a contest between two elderly
women, Jean McGregor Boyd of this
city, who for more than forty years
was known and recognized as the wife
of the capitalist, and Margaret Hollow
bush of Pennsylvania, who claims that
she- la the widow of the deceased mil
lionaire.
Judging by the answer filed yester
day by Mrs. Boyd to the petition of
Mrs. Hollowbush for distribution to her
of half, or a widow's share, of the mil
lions left by Boyd, the contest will be
waged along lines that will show that
the Eastern claimant during Boyd's
lifetime visited him and for a small
sum — $3500 — admitted that her' rights in
the estate of the millionaire were un
certain, and signed an agreement waiv
ing any claims she might have against
his estate.
The appearance of Mrs. Hollowbush
in the Boyd litigation last year cre
ated a surprise, for It laid bare a fam
ily skeleton that had been concealed
almost half a century. As the widow
of Alexander Boyd she asked that a
widow's share of the estate of Boyd
be distributed to her, thus declaring
that Jean McGregor, who for *f orty
years in this city was known and rec
ognized as the capitalist's wife, was not
entitled to his name. . .
BOYD GETS DIVORCE.
Electric Illumination of the
City Will Surpass All Ef
forts Hitherto Made Here
Avers That Eastern Plain
tiff Waived Her Alleged
Eights for Sum of $3500
TO BEAUTIFY THE PAEK
ANSWERS 3EE CHARGE
Eelict of Capitalist De
nounces Margaret Hollo w
busli's Claim as False
General Executive Commit
tee on Entertainment Out
lines "Work Now in Hand
BIG CONCLAVE
DRAWING NEAR
BOYD'S WIDOW
MAKES DEFENSE
THE SAN FRANCISCCfejGAtEg SUNDAY; MARCH 13. 1004.
lx>g Cabin! "The bread with a flavor." A«lc
your dealer — wholesale — 900 Dolores tU •
tions will be the- most dazzling ever
seen. The fund pledged by the Grand
Commander y at California arid the two
local commanderies, California No. 1
and Golden Gate No. 16, will reach
almost $100,000. Considerable more will
be contributed by the other com
manderies of California, which will at
tend in large numbers. They will bring
exhibits and keep open house all week,
beginning September 4. Additional
funds to defray necessary expenses In
entertaining will be sollicted by . the
finance committe'e from hotels, trans
portation companies, corporations, bus
iness firms and public spirited citizens
may appreciate the benefits accruing
to San Francisco from a gathering of
so- many prominent men of the nation.
34
ADVEBTISEMEITTS. '
LATEST IMPORTATION OF
1904.
We are nowshowincr all the latest weaves
and makes of NEW BLACK DRESS GOODS
for Spring and Summer wear. Among the
assortment are "Lattice Voiles," "CMfon
Eoliennes," "Crece Chiffon," "Silk and Wool
CreDille," "Silk and Wool Veilings," "Poudre
Voiles," Silk Etamines," "Imperial CreDes,"
"Chiffon Voiles," "Black Mohair Etamines,"
"Lace Voiles" and "Silk and Wool Eoliennes."
Five Extra Values.
44-inch French ''Etamlne," all wool <£|-00
and veru handsome fahric 1
42-inch French "Crepe de Paris," <l!|.25
pure silk and wool *P" !#•
46-inch French "Chiffon Voile," a fi|.5O
veru soft and clinging fahric *P« ufl-
45-inch silk and wool "Chiffon Eoll- <tl.75
enne," a hright, lustrous material *P" ua-
46-inctf silk and wool French "Crepe O-00
Eolienns" , 4^bil
We have also opened a full line of
ENGLISH SICILIANS and SILK FINISHED
MOHAIRS in hlack and colors.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OP ABOVE GOODS.
lit, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
. -"^j"^ r°Biiirt r*\TI n I f k ffiSl 11 T ¦ fsi 1 r i jL^B^ltL^^nlA'flHP'crtr^N
IOYS f and GIRLS' I
..CLOTHING..
For Spring and Summer 1904.
Dainty styles for the little boys and girls, with every
touch of fashion that can add to their charm. The Variety
is such that you would naturally expect to see in the
spring and summer display at Magnin's — comprehensive
and interesting. In quality of material, workmanship, fit
and durability our styles are much superior, to the average,
while no more expensive. . S
BOYS' GINGHAM DRESSES, sizes i to 4 years;
made of fast color gingham in neat checks and solid colors; 3
box plaits in front and back; cuffs and sailor collar f^C^
neatly trimmed. Regular $1.00 value D^C
RUSSIAN DRESSES; made of white pique; suitable
for boys or girls from 2 to 4 years of age; full kilted skirts;
box plaits neatly trimmed with hand-crocheted tf-j PA
buttons. $2.25 value. Special for Monday. 4JJU1JU
CHILDREN'S RUSSIAN DRESSES, made of very
best quality of imported pique, trimmed with fine embroid-
ery; sizes 2 to 6 years. Regular price $5.50. d*n pa
Special to-morrow JpD.jU
BOYS' MIDDY SUITS, with long- pants; regulation
style; sizes 3 to 5, years; in colorings of navy blue, gray
and 1 white. These suits are made of the best quality of all-
wool serge. They are the remainder of a late winter ship-
ment — only a few of them— regular prices were fl*Q f\f\
$9.00 and $10.5(3 — on sale to-morrow at. ......... »pD»\J\J
I LADIESV WAIST DEPT. I
New arrivals in Ladies' Silk Waists. The fashionable
materials are imported taffetas of Dolly Varden and Dres-
den effects. We are also showing a number of new styles
in hand-embroidered handkerchief linen waists. One of the .
most charming and appropriate silk waists to be worn un-
derneath tailor-made suits are the striped warp taffetas.
We are showing an exceptionally neat tailor-made ef-
fect, in black, brown, tan, blue and white stripes; fl*C! PA
sizes 34 to 44...... tPtS.DlS
LADIES' KlMONAS. I
LADIES' SHORT KlMONAS, made of all-wool chal-
lie; in all colorings of neat stripes and fancy /fl* 2 Cfi
• Persian effects . . . . . .'. .$O»D\J
. LADIES' LONa KlMONAS, made of imported Rum-
chundcr silk, in a variety of Bulgarian, Persian and Dolly
Varden effects, $16.50 values. Special for Mon- CIA CA
day ......:..".... $10.30
__ ___ , _ ____
KS/3 - 322 AZ4ff/<£T \5Z
Send for our new 64-page Spring and Sum-
mer Catalogue of Ladies'. Children's and In-
'¦¦¦¦','"¦ wear.- Exclusive Pacific Coast Agents for
* the "ARNOLD" Goods "and Gertrude Outfits,
• formerly sold by Mrs. Obcr. •
X. I^PlK < »*»«iW^W»IUIWM«l»MW»Wi»'l»'W'» l "^W^lll.w|ilWllillltWI»«|«M»fulWWIIIIjll!l— IMMli' -..- '-" - ,-- i
>« iUjMi "^l ? '/olMJ IW'V I >M»?' 1 1 il A *l J % W$^*J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kaufmann's new season's
i » f oo t wear i s now on di S pi a y —
ji a select line of shoes for men,-women and
J^ children just in from the fashion marts of
fcT^fc»r^y the world— beautiful, ideal creations of
vfek^ \£A footwear fashions from the master minds
gB|i®jgg'\ of the craft of shoe modeling. Wonder-
!<pP^ \5@§Sk u '» m deed, 'how the artists year
j|^|y|p||g^^ after year and season after season
Jlp^Sil^^^iit^ can produce such marvels of shoe
'^8jT x beauty and perfection, improving
M§jj$£g8 and surpassing their best work of previous
/ \M As USuaI each S P rin S» Kaufmann's is
|k \\ A first to display the real dis-
Kfe^W 1^ \ tinctive styles" of the Eastern
TMr^fcfftftfcai .dtaffrih centers, and we ask you to
visit our store and see the vast
I arra y° f shoe styles and shapes
I? 88 ® from the shapely and graceful
W to the heavy mannish
li street shoe — from a dainty sandal for a
*/p^v cJl * ld t0 tne stout scn ° o1 " shoe for the
KSgra|fr'7Q hardy youngster.
iS- ' W$Fk Ur w * ndows can onI y show you a few — come
in, see and examine for yourself; you do not
PtI lffisSil avc t0 P urc^ ase to b e welcome.
pSB^U Jv 832 MARKET 2: 5f
I * Good Shoes
_J^^^^^^:
Pimples, Blackheads, Red, Rough
and Oily Skin Prevented by
TC TjTLLIONS of Women use CUTICURA SOAP, assisted fcy
1V1 Cuticura Ointment, the Great Skin Cure, for preserving,
purifying:, a°^ beautifying the skin, for cleansing- the scalp
of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair,
for softening, whitening:, and soothing: red, rough, and sore hands,
for baby rashes, itchings, and chafings, in the form of baths for
annoying: irritations and inflammations, or too free or offensive
perspiration, in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses, and
many sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest them-
selves to women and mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet,
bath, and nursery. No amount of persuasion can induce those
who have once xxscd these great skin purifiers and beaut if iers to
use any others. CUTICURA SOAP combines "delicate emollient
properties derived from CUTICURA, the great skin cure, with
the purest of cleansing ingredients and the most refreshing: of
flower odours. No other medicated soap is to be compared with
it for preserving:, purifying-, and beautifying:, the skin, scalp, hair,
and hands. iNo other forcigTi or domestic toilet soap, however
expensive, is to be compared with it for ?^l the. purposes of the
toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines in ONE SOAP at
ONE PRICE, the BEST skin and complexion soap, and the BEST
toilet and baby soap in the world.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour,
Consisting of Ccticcea Soap c£c.), to cleanse the ekln of crusts and scales, and soften
the thickened ccUcle; Ccnct'RA OiirriiEKT(50c), to Instantly allay itching, Inflammation,
/f* » • and irritation and soothe and heal, and Cuticura Resolvent Pills
ti ?lp1!<f*lBT'CS to cool and cleanse the blood. A Si>t,lk set Is often sufficient to
WB'IBBtllBR em <*nrc tortorlnr, dlsfifrtiring humours, with lees of hair, when all else
—^"^ falls. Sold throughout the world. British" Depot: 27 28, Charter-
• l-_ e*»* Of 'house Sq, Ix>ndon. French Depot: 5 Rue dela Palx, Parts.
I ne aei 5>l Potter E>bcg and Cbem Corp., Sole Props., Boston, V. S. A.
Clticctu. UESOLrnrr Pills (Chocolate Coated ) are a new, usteleBs, odourlesi, econonv
lca.1 substitute for the celebrated liquid Cuticura Resolvent, aa well as for all other
blood purifiers and humour cures. Each pill li equivalent to one teaspoonful of liquid
&ESOX.VESI. Pet up in ecre w-cap pocket vials, containing 60 doses, price 25c
TiXPEBT OPglCIAJf. '
EYE -^ [YE
BEAUTY JlB^ .HEALTH
GEORGE MAYBRLB'S
German Eye Water
THE GREATEST EYE REMEDY IN THK
W ORLD: perfectly harmless; for infants or-
adults. Makes WEAK BYES STRONG, SORE
EYES WELL.
Price 60 cents; by mall 62 cents.
¦,A* WONDERFUL REMEDY
SISTER MARY BAPTIST, Bister of Mercy.
Grass Valley, wrltea: "My eyes hav» much
improved by tho use of Qeorge Mayerlc'n Ger-
man Ey ewa ter, and I heartily indorse it."
BEWARE OF INJURIOUS IMITATIONS.
INSIST on Retting the genuine, bearing a
crown and the signature of George Mayerle.
George Mayerle's reading, working and dis-
tance glasses rest and strengthen the eyes, re-
lieve the strain and preserve the sight. Inva-
riably recommended by every wearer.
SOMETHING ENTIRELY NEW
Georee Mayerle's Eyeglass Wipers give
glaeses a soothing and strengthening effect.
Instantly relieves the strain, blurring and
flrln- of the eyes. Do not scratch the lenses.
Give brieht and clear vision. Price- 15 cents,
GEORGE MAYERLE
German Expert Optician, opposite Hlbernla
Bank. 1071 MARKET ST.
Eyes Examined Free.
Open Evenlnsrs until 9. Cut this out.
EYE a|JE •
REST •'*¦' COMFORT
ADVEBTTSEMENT&
? »«t
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices
C7a Offtt Ooj Eatlro JKxtr* 3Ma« Oo>
ueooa ox .
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent ||
[ StMormt trtna vgtOax r«t»u pzSoa^ !
W* arc solo acest» tot '
JOHN CROSSLEY $ SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
Chas. M. Ptam & Co.
; Cor. 9th and Market Sts.
¦ »<»—«»« '
Id • /A Teas I
g Premium coffees J
1 Free " s P ices 1
I with Each *»u Baking I
I worth Powder p
1 jfc^^Thoy a" Beauties y
1 A thousan< * kinds ft* 1
ilir to Sclect froR i. *TJi
1 W It Pays to PI
I -IP- Trade J|
! p Great American Importing Tea Co's |
ffl 831 Market »0Grmat»v. l«9Polk *l
g 140 Sixth 1319 Deri udero 706 LarUa B
l H475H»wht SOOSSaUenth 35S H*y« I
S3235MU»ion El Mont**y »Ttr. #2 Mark* K
! apXMFnimare 2616 Miuion Mg Ninth M
im^Z^Mwu-I^-^i - ... m Pcprth B
— ASTHMANOLA —
is the only oars for XTertrous maM.
Brpnctiial ASTHMA. J
Tour Druggist or at 59s HAIOUT 8T- ¦
San Francisco, CaJ.Continued on Page 38, Column 2.
Continued on Pa ze 38, Column 1,
The secretary read a letter from
Senator Perkins announcing that he
and Senator Bard had presented a
wreath of flowers for the
funeral of Senator Hanna in the name
of the Republican State Central Com
mittee. A vote of thanks to the Sen
ators was adopted.
,The greatest enthusiasm of the
meeting was provoked by the resolu
tion indorsing President Roosevelt
offered bv Senator John F. Davis. Th«
cheers that broke out when the Pres
ident's name was first mentioned were
Resolved, That we extend our aympainica to
his stricken family and that an
crj>y of these resolutions be forwarded tci
them.
Resolved, That we deplore the deatb of the
Tfon. Marcus A. Hanna. United States Senator
imm Ohio and chairman of the Nitional lie
publican Committee. His consummate abilities
as a leader of men marks his death u a gnat
loss to the Republican party. Hi-* broaJ sym
iu*thi<»s of heart and mtml extending to ai:
dulses of his countrymen make us realize that
the tuition has lost a statesman wlunt »a>«
counsel was always sought In its affairs.
The following resolutions in mem
ory of the late Senator Hanna were
moved by Secretary Snook and adopt
ed in -the same manner:
martyred President. Indeed, any effort ade
quately to portray his life and character, or
to express the esteem and veneration ia which
he was held by tha American people, would
be entirely futile. But this body, as the pr«s
ent representatives of the Republican party
in this State, is certainly Justified In fiTln*
some expression, however feeble, to tha feeling
oC Irreparable loss which we have sustained
In his untimely taking off.
Without further remarks, therefore, Mr.
Chairman. I 'desire to offer this resolution aad
to move. Its adoption by a rising and silent
vote.
. The memorial was adopted by a
unanimous standing vote.' It Is aa
follows:
Whereas, An all wise Providence, to whosa>
Inscrutable decrees we bow in grief-stricken
humility, has permitted the removal from this
life of our beloved President. William Mc-
Kinley: now. therefore, be it
Resolved. That In his life and character w»
recognize all that is moat noble and worthy of
emulation as » brave defender of his country*
flag on the Nation's battlefields, as a wise
counsellor in tha halls of legislation, as a con
servative official in the highest position in tha
people':* silt. a3 a brilliant leader of the party
whose principles he loved and ao ably advo
eatml. ar.d as a private citizen whose char
acter was above reproach or criticism; that
in his untimely death our country, our people
and our uarty have suffered an overwhelming
loss.- anil that our grief is only mitigated by
our supreme confidence in the country he loved
and served so well, and by the hope that his
eternal reward will be commensurate with his
Kentleness of spirit, his nobility of character
and .the -unselfishness of purpose which ever
characterized and dominated his earthly life.
It would not be appropriate that we should
at this time, attempt any extended eulogy
unon^ the .character..; ajad 'aervicfia al our
Mr. Chairman: Since ttie last meeting 'of
this organization' an unspeakable calamity has
befallen . our country, and our people in the
removal from this life, by the , dastardly hand
of a assassin, of the chief executive
of the nation, the great and sweet-souled-Will
iam . McKinley. ' .
All the sections having been passed
seriatim, C. M. Belshaw moved that
the call, as amended; be adopted as a
whole. This was carried. Senator R.
N. Bulfca of Los Angeles thenVnoved
a -memorial upon the death of
ident McKinley, saying in support of
his motion: . .'¦ •
was raised for its adoption. The sen
timent of the committee was well ex
pressed by Senator - Davis, who said :
, "It would be most revolutionary for
us to arrogate to ourselves the power
proposed, by the amendment. The
Republican party does not want any
manor set of men to dictate its rep
resentation. Primary elections are
not mandatory in all the counties. In
the smaller counties the draft rightly
leaves the manner of selecting dele
gates to the county committees. ' This
is- simply horse sense. If the' public
pressure is worth considering the
county committees will consider it,
for their members well know that if
they ; do not they will . lose their
heads."
After the defeat of Prior's amend
ment the sections of the draft were
passed without further objection until
the : apportionment of delegates was
reached* Hocking of Stanislaus asksd
why the former rule allowing each
county a delegate at large had been
departed from and argued that the
Interior of the- State was thus de
prived of part of Us rightful strength
in . the 'convention. • Chairman Hayes
ruied that the primary election law
required the delegates to be elected
by- the - several . Assembly, districts,
rather than by the countiesfas such.
: Judge H. C. Dibble was the next to
propose a- change in the draft. He
moved to strike out from the twelfth
section the words "and file the nec
essary petition — in ""accordance with
law," which, .he .declared, made the
section an attempt on the part of the
State Central Committee to dictate to
the Congressional district committees
that they /must- order; primary elec
tions. Judge Dibble's amendment
was also lost after several members of
the executive committee had pointed
out that the section as drafted was in
line with the* primary election law
j and did not invade ' the legitimate
; functions of the Congressional dis
trict committees. The vote against
the "amendment was almost unani
mous? '
. 3IcKIXLEY* A.VDHAXXA.
PROMINENT REPUBLICANS
WHO ATTENDED UNION
LEAGUE CLUB BANQUET.
- An unexpectedly large number of tha
members were ' in their "seats : whenV
shortly after 2 o'clock,' the committee
was; called "to "order* "by/ J. O.", Hayes;
the vice chairman, who presided' in
It Is recommended, however, that the
primary election law. of Calif ornla shall
be observed in .the selection of dele
gates to the Republican State Conven
tion called for. the purpose of. electing
four delegates at large to the national
convention.
Among the well known • Republicans
present were: .7 / - .
R. N. Bulla. Thomas Hushes and J. W.
McKinley, Los -Ang^l": A. Hochhelmer, Wil
lows: Thomas III. Selvaee.- Humboldt: -A/. B.
I^emmon, Santa Rosa: S. C. Smith. Bakersflejd:
John F. Davis and E. C. Voorheis,- Amador;
T. C. Hocking, Modestor C. M. Belshaw. An
tioch; Thomas Flint Jr.. ¦ San Juan: ¦ C. G.
Raub, Sutter: . P.; J. Sollnsky, Calaveras;
Charles A.. Swlssler. El Dorado: Frank Ryan.
Sacramento; H.W. -Brown, San Matfo: Robert
Corlett. Xapa: Charles H. .Spear,' Charles K,'
Snook. TJ-omae Rickard and fopoh R. Know
land, Alameda: J.O.. Hayes and O. A. Hale.
Santa-Clara: Aiden Anderson, Sulsun; Henry
C.lDIbble. A.,, Reuf.. Martin KrlJy, A. Tru
man and Tbcmas W. Collins, San Francisco. ¦
Republicans will open the political
campaign in California on Monday,
May 16. The executive committee of
the State League, of Republican Clubs
yesterday decided that club . represen
tatives should assemble at Sacramento
in biennial convention on that day.
Two days later . the Republican State
Convention called , to elect four dele
gates at large to the Republican Na
tional Convention will assemble in Sac
ramento.
There was a general meeting of the
State, Committee at Golden Gate Hall
in this city yesterday afternoon. The
event that evoked the greatest enthu
siasm of the occasion was the\ unani
mous adoption of a resolution declar
ing the committee's unfaltering loyalty
and devotion to President Theodore
Roosevelt and recommending that the
coming State convention pledge-its del-,
egation to the national convention to"
use all honorable endeavor to secure
his nomination. . The resolution was
introduced by John F. Davis of 'Ama
dor. -
The initial proceedings brought out
a large representation of the commit
tee membership. 'The only amendment
to the call ' for a State convention as
framed by the executive committee at
the Union League Club Friday even
ing, and published In The Call yester
day, -was the designation of Sacra
mento as the place ,of meeting. - Seer
tions of the call relative to the recog
nition of the primary election law;were
fully discussed by party leaders and
the judgment of the executive body was
sustained. With reference .to the se
lection of. delegates .to represent the
several Congressional districts . in ' the,
national convention the letter and spirit
of the call of the Republican National
Committee -were respected. ) Congres
sional committees will have a free hand
to act in their own capacity. • /..; :
• The amendment provoked a short,
sharp ;debate, in. the. course of which
the' executive; 'committee's draft 'was
supported by Senator John ;F. Davis
of Amador, Judge J. W. McKinley of
Los Angeles, Charles H. Spear of Ala
meda and T.'C." Hocking of Stanislaus.'
The only speaker in r: favor " of " "the
amendment was A. »B." . Truman of the
Thirty-eighth Assembly^ District, and
when the vote was taken not a voice
When. the. fourth paragraph of the
draft was reached an amendment was
offered by John L. Prior of the Thirty
fifth District, San Francisco. This sec
tion, as drawn, provided that; In coun
ties, where the Code sections calling for
primary elections are jj not ; obligatory
and mandatory , the delegates to . the
State convention may be appointed or
elected in such manner, as shall be de
termined by , the respective ; county
committees. Prior, moved that this be
amended so as, to -give the power of
appointing the convention; delegates
from each 'Assembly district" to the
represents tive- from that" district . in
the State' Central Committee.
CHOICE OF DELEGATES.
After the reading: of the call of the
National 1 Republican Committee the
acting chairman introduced the real
business of the meeting by saying:
"At a session of your, executive com
mittee held last evening the form of
a call for the meeting of the State con
vention was agreed upon. It will be
read by the secretary section by sec
tion, and unless objections are made
to any section when read that section
will be held to be approved.'*
The draft of the call, which was print
ed in yesterday's newspapers, was then
read, and after some discussion was
adopted with * a single ' amendment.
This was the insertion of- the name of
Sacramento in the blank left for the
place of meeting, which was adopted
on motion of ex-Senator' E: C. Voor
heis of Amador County, "seconded by
Harbor * Commissioner.; Charles H.
Spear. '
the unavoidable, absence of Chairman
William M. Cutter. Mr._ Hayes brief
ly stated the object of the meeting
to be the formulation and adoption of
a call ! for the Republican j State Con
vention/ and directed the calling of the
roll by Secretary Charles E. Snook of
Oakland. The roll showed seventy
members of the State Central Commit
tee and nearly every one of the mem
bers of the executive, committee to be
present in person or by proxy.-
Shortly after the meeting opened
Abraham Ruef entered and presented
the proxy of Supervisor L. A. Rea.
A ripple of laughter, swept over 'the
committee on Ruef's appearance, but
nonobjection to his presence was made
and he took no part in the proceed
ings beyond voting^ on all the ques
tions" submitted.
Republicans of the State Meet in
Harmonious Session.
Governor George C. Pardee, Ceor»e I).
Clark. Frank W. Marston, Byron Hauly, M
H. Young, M. B. .Woodworth. C. H Spear
A. Ruef. W. Sexton. H. Bird, C. ' / • S w.sler
W. S. Mellick. W. P. Lyon. .R. A. Crother**
R. C. Van Fleet, G. H. Bahrs, John F.' Davis
P. J. Wenfier, A. W. Scott Jr.. Elgin Stod
dard. L. E. Aubury, Victor H. Woods, w. e.
Cumback, Orrln S. Henderson, J. A. Ulrlch
J. McDougald, A. Goldstein, Robert Atken K*
H. Rlxford. William Corey. A. S. Mangruro'
R. T. Devlin, C. J. Wetraore. J. H. Goldman^
William Brooks, L. U Roos. T. J. Kirk. S. C
Denson. J. S. Spear Jr., E. Tauszky A*
HirBchTeld, H. H. Richmond, George H. Pippy
S. J. Hendy, J. H. Neff.D. E. McKinlay, H
F. Pernau. W. S. Webb. N. . P. Chlpman'
William Morris, H. C. Pendleton. Edgar A
Pelxotto." 1 H. A. Powell, John Rothschild Al
bert E. Castle. J. P. Fraspr. C. A. Ertz M
H. de- Young, L. Grothwell. Milton H. Cook'
V. W. Gaskill. George A. Bachelder. Charles
THOSE PRESEXT.
Among those present at the banquet
were:
Samuel Shortrldge spoke at length on
the progress of the party from its Ins
tancy—how It had battled against the
political elements and .won otit at
every turn. He concluded his address
by saying that as long as the party is
in such good hands and so well man
aged, there is no fear but that the peo
ple will stand by it in its hour of need.
Walter Brunt sang an original song
on the political prospects of .the day. It
ran to the tune of "A Hot Time" and
provoked applause and laughter. The
meeting came to a close with the sing
ing of "Auld LangSyne" by the quartet
and three rousing cheers for the party.
General Woodruff entertained the
gathering with some original witti
cisms and was frequently Interrupted
with cheers. He told of the progress of
the flag in the Orient and wound up by
paying a glowing tribute to the Repub
lican party and the Union League
Club.
The Democratic party has given the country
free trade and free ullver. They would ruin
this vast and beautiful land with their empty
principles. We have come to the rescue with
sound money and a protective tariff; and what
is the result? We have built up a trade that
etands unequaled in the world to-day. Our
treasury is the richest in the universe; our
people are happy and - contented, and. as long
as we will give them protection and sound
money they will not forsake us.
The magnanimous McKinley brought this
condition of affairs about and' the . incom
parable Roosevelt carrier it on. The Repub
lican party Is allied with Providence, while
the Democrats are allied with, every power
but Providence.
Attorney General Webb followed Sel
vage with a. speech that showed his
confidence in the party. He said in
part:
The outlook U brighter now for the Re
publican i,arty than it has ever been be
fore. We have made the country in the last
four years. We have built It up and given
the people prosperity. We have protected the
farmer, the manufacturer and every good citi
zen in every walk of life. And now, after
all that we have done for the people, do you
think they will go back on us next November?
Never. Rest assured that they will stand by
us In th* coming campaign and fight for us
till victory ts assured.
We have bec-n recognized the world over by
the crowned heads of empires and kingdoms
and by magnates and kings of finance in
every section of the globe. We have become
a bower which the world looks upon and re
spects. Klnrs and Emperors wait till they
have beard from John Hay at Washington
before they attempt to take any Important ac
tion. Our strength Is recognized. V.'e are
feared and respected and our power will in
crease as the years and the days roll by.
PROSPERITY FOLLOWS.
We must stand for the Republican party and
its principles. If any of us has a slight differ
ence or a misunderstanding with his fellow
Republican* he must forget It. We will have
to fizht man to man and arm to arm and
when the time comes we will be numbered
among the banner States and rive to our
standard bearer a majority of 50,000 votes
and then the world may look upon us as Re
publicans who can and will fight for their
party and their principles to the last.
We want good p and abie men to lead the
party to victory — men who are not afraid to
set into the thick of the fight and fight to
the bitter end. We have them in this town,
In this Slate: In fact, we have them In every
tewn end in every State. I know that they
will get. in and work as they have never
worked in their lives to achieve a victory that
will be a record ' breaker, one that will "put
the Democrats down and out and leave them
in a predicament that they will not recover
from in the. next decade.
But to do this we roust all stand together.
San Francisco la no longer an outpost, but
the grand gateway Into and out of which the
greatest ships on earth sail and she Is only
keeping pace with the Republican party.
Senator Thomas H. Selvage of
Humboldt provoked round after round
of hearty applause ere his aggressive
speech was half completed. The Sen
ator sounded the battle cry to his fel
low clubmen and cautioned them
against allowing their wily foes, the
Democrats, to steal a march on them
at an opportune moment. In the
course of his remarks Selvage said:
Bear in mind, fellow clubmen and fellow
Republicans, that the Democrats are not
asleep and that they are only looking for a
chance, an opportunity, to steal a march on
you and bulldoze the people with some of their
empty eayings and more o f their empty teach
ings and doctrines. We will have to stand
prepared for them and meet them In the field
of battle, prepared to administer a -crushing
defeat — one that they will remember and one
that will be a credit to the State and to the
Republican party.
Bryan has been their leader for the last
eight years. Now he Is dead and gone and
we will not be troubled with him any more.
But then we »il! havp to be on the alert, for
there will be other leaders only too ready to
take the place of their crestfallen chieftain
and endeavor to lead their disorganized party
to some kind of a victory. They will leave
nothing undone, they will overlook so trick,
and therefore I caution you. gentlemen, to be
ware and be on your guard.
A* I traveled from my home where citrus
trees, tourists and Republican majorities grow.
I law the wonderful, fertile fields which had
been changed from arid sands to fruitful
farms, and the population of which had grown
bo marvelously under the Republican regime.
And It Is growing still, and the greatest pros
perity is showing upon our land. We have the
banner, and I hope- to keep it there, but I
imagine we will hare a harder fight during
this election than at the la«t one. The ques
tion of the party is not of the past, but of
the present and tho future. Let the Demo
crats prate of Jefferson and Cleveland. We
don't want to talk of the past— we want to
be oj> to date.
, We have MacArthur, Chaffee and Taft. all
grand men. who have made the name of this
country respected at home and abroad. We
have a fixed cistern of principles. We are not
seeking and groping around In the dark. We
know what our platform is. What Is the plat
form of the Democrats? Who cares about It
anyway?
Judge McKinley of Los Angeles spoke
of the Republican party. His remarks
were frequently Interrupted with laugh
ter and applause. He said in part:
The Union League Club Is the outcome of
political circumstances. It had its birth
practically durir.j the James G. Blalne cam
paign. A lot of young men, at that time the
flower of the Republican party, started in to
do what they could in their own way at their
own expense to help alone the cause. They
called themselves the Dirigo Club and went
into active campaign work. They were of
sreat assistance at that time and traveled
from one end of the State to the other.
The second year of its formation an invita
tion was extended to the plder members of
the Republican party to join it and the re
sult was the founding of the Union League
Club. It is the first social Republican club of
this city. It first started In rooms on Oary
street, then moved to its present quarters here
In the Palace and soon Tee are to move into
the magnificent elubrooms now occupied by tho
Pacific-Union Club.
We have entertained three Presidents — Har
rison, McKinley and Roosevelt.
At present we have 652 members. I am
for putting up financial bars, as I think unless
we do the club will grrow too fast. This Is a
Republican social club to maintain the prin
ciples of the national party.
Let all work In peace and harmony for the
success and development of the Union League
Club.
M. H. de Young was called on to say
something about the Union League
Club. He said in part:
HISTORY OF THE CLUB.
We must all etand together, and we will
have such a victory that we will feel proud
we are not only Republicans but Caltforniana.
The quartet then sang a humorous
selection, "Oh, Lucky Jim."
The Republicans know th«r duty to the Re
publican party and they intend to do it. We
owe a duty to the party and a duty to our
selves. The leader is already selected and in
his selection the issue is already before us.
President Roosevelt stands for everything that
Is foremost in the Republican party. His ad
ministration has been progressive and at the
same time eafe. Although an Easterner by
birth, lie is filled with the spirit of the West.
He represents the Republican principles of the
Republicans of this State. With such a
leader and with such -issues to back him, can
there be a better man to further the Interests
of this State? Do away with petty jealousies
and stand loyally for the success of the Re
publican party. We will get Democratic sup
port with Theodore Roosevelt at the head of
our ticket.
J. O. Hayes of San Jose spoke on
"The Obligations of California to the
Republican Party." He said in part:
will make the campaign as brilliant and
strong as was the campaign of the Immortal
McKinley.
After considerable discussion wheth
er there 'should be only short
speeches at the convention or quite a
number of brief talks and a limited
number of set speeches, a motfon was
mad« to refer the subject to a com
mittee on programme. On motion of
H. C. Dibble, seconded by A. B. Lem
mon, the president of the league was
authorised to name a committee of
five on platform and a committee of
three on programme. The president
of the league Is required to serve on
each committee.
It Is expected that the citizens of
Sacramento will provide a hall for the
convention and make the customary
arrangements for "the entertainment of
delegates. There are indications that
a large number of visitors will be In
Sacramento throughout the week be
ginning May 16.
The president asked for an expres
sion of opinion regarding the time and
place of holding the next convention.
The fact was cited that the State con
vention of the Republican party would
be held in Sacramento on "Wednesday.
May IS, and it was suggested that the
league convention should meet at 2
p. m. on Monday. May 16. and adjourn
on Tuesday nisht. May IT. The sug
gestion was put in the form of a reso
lution and adopted on motion of O. A.
Hale.
It was decided that each Republican
club of the State should be entitled to
one delegate for twenty-five en
rolled members, and that club presi
dents and secretaries be ex-offlclo del
egates. The representation is the same
as that adopted two years ago, when
the call for the San Jose convention
was issued.
The executive committee of the Call*
fornia League of Republican Clubs
held a meeting yesterday afternoon at
the Union League Club and resolved
that the next biennial convention of
the State league should be held in
Sacramento on Slay 16 and 17. The
session of the executive committee was
attended by Lieutenant Governor Al
den Anderson, president of the organ
ization; Felton Taylor, secretary. Jos
eph Spear, Charles M. Belshaw, Harold
T. Power, Thomas H. Selvage, O. A.
Hale, S. C. Smith. Henry C. Dibble
and A E. Lemmon,
The opening of the Republican cam
paign was celebrated by the members
of the Union League Club and their
friends at a banquet in the Palace Ho
tel last night. Covers were laid for
more than 200, and enthusiasm pre
vailed from the moment Colonel Pippy
.read President Roosevelt's message of
regret at being unable to be present
until the last speaker concluded his ad
'dress and the long drawn notes of the
.orchestra signified that the feasting
and toasting' had ended.
¦ It was a notable gathering and the
feeling of the Republican politicians of
the State toward the administration
was clearly shown. Veterans such as
Jacob II. Xeff rubbed elbows with the
younger men who are about to throw
all their virile energy into the coming
• * ampaign and the name of Roosevelt
always elicited spontaneous outbursts
of applause.
• 'olonel George H. Pippy was a clever
t<'ustmaster and a better selection of
.-peakers could hardly have been made.
Whilf in the main the responses were
j-^rinus 1 , dealing with questions of grave
import to the nation, there was a su/fl
< )<nt sprinkling of wit and humor to
keep all in happy mood. The actions
<f President Roosevelt and his
straightforward policy in matters of
state were commented upon favorably
and tender references were made to
the party leaders who have passed
from this earth since the last campaign
—President William McKinley and Sen
ator Marcus A. Hanna. At the close
rousing cheers were given for the Pres
ident, the party and its workers, and
the gathering broke up, each man de
termined to do his best to make the
coming campaign the most vigorous
in the history of the country.
HOXOR TO ROOSEVELT.
"When the time for speechmaking ar
rived Colonel Pippy read the following
telegram from President Roosevelt:
"Many thanks for the telegram. I re
member well my last meeting with you.
Sorry I cannot be with you. My regards
to alL"
This was received with great enthu
siasm and ringing cheers for the chief
executive. Colonel Pippy followed by
reading a telegram from William M.
Cutter, chairman of the Republican
State Central Committee of California.
It ran as follows: "I regret exceedingly
that circumstances beyond my control
prevent xny presence at the club ban
quet to-night, but consider me with
you In spirit and as heartily Joining in
the toasts to our beloved President,
Theodore Roosevelt, and to the grand
party which he will lead to certain vic
tory in the coming campaign." Colonel
Pippy then announced that the speak
ers would each be allowed ten minutes,
as the list of talkers was a long one.
He referred to the Union League Club
as being Bolld for the Republican ticket
from top to bottom, and said California
was cure to keep her place in the right
lines. He then proposed 'the toast
"Theodore Roosevelt, th* "President of
the United States," and called upon
Governor Pardee to respond. The Gov- ;
ernor received an ovation as he arose.
He said in part:
I fe«l k i eatly honored at being naked to
r r l '¦: to this toast, but I fear I am In no
way equal to the task of dolnr honor to the
createst man In the world to-day. (Great
. heertne.) MT»n j I learned that President
Hf-OBevelt was coming to visit this ft«tf« I
felt some trepidation in meeting him, but dur
frs the time he was »n California I was with
him tea or twelx-e dayi and I had every op
portunity to know him well. At flirt I ad
mired hiia £s the worthy chief executive of
rur nation, a.n<3 thrn I grew to love th« jnan
who was not rr>oiled by the high honors that
lad been put upon him. Above all he Is an
ATT.rric&n citizen — a citizen who loves his
country and has all the true characteristics
«-•! a. sreat man of the American people. He
1* th« treat upholder of the nation. He is
r<-liab!c, able to cope with any contingency,
*!Ujrr In time of peace cr time of war. He
i* the representative American citizen. Let
us all ri*e to do honor to his name: to the
most di*ttnr--2ished fcnan of our day and to the
first rfntltman of "our country.
When the cheering had subsided tha
Union League Club quartet sang "The
"Star-Spangled Banner."
WORK THE WATCHWORD.
The subject of "Th» National Cam
paign" was handled by Judge W. C.
Van Fleet. He said in part:
I win rive you a brirf outline of some buc-
Kctttou made to me by the late Senator
ilar.na who. wht-n asked to give his views
upon the lines of tho coming campaign said In
hit fatherly -way: "Boys. I can give you my
*1ew In a r«T few word*; it Is not a ques
tion of issue*, because ours have already tx>en
formulated, and we can mw the Democratic
party on any platform they may put up What
we have got to do fa to work-nand pat on
Our principle rh<> i» fr , ubIlcan part 7 l a °3
*a°i^- ** th * keiacle the cam.
We are in fine condition for the fight w«
l.*ve nothing to regret. The Democratic' nai-y
cannot win with Hryan and he cannot win
without the Democrats. We have our leader
choern. We are bound to win. About our
•real victory there will be no question vVe
Speakers Express
Certainty of
Triumph.
ConventionCalled
to Meet in Sac
ramento.
State League Re
publican Clubs
in Session.
Stalwarts Gather
at the Banquet
Board.
Resolved, In accord with the sentiment of the Republican State Committee of his native. State of New York, this committee hereby declares its unfaltering loyalty
and devotion to President Theodore Roosevelt As the organization representing his party in this State, we are grateful for his devotion to Republican principles; we take
pride in his exalted ideals of citizenship; we acclaim the high statesmanship of his administration; we admire the career of a leader whom cunning cannot defeat, flattery
cannot cajole and power cannot coerce. No scheming of craft anywhere shall defeat our hope that he will be renominated and that he will be triumphantly elected President
of this Nation. We recommend that the coming State Convention pledge its delegation to the National Convention to use all honorable endeavor to secure his nomination.
ROOSEVELT IS ENTHUSIASTICALLY INDORSED BY CALIFORNIA REPUBLICANS
CALIFORNIA'S REPUBLICAN COMMITTEE ADVISES
THAT DELEGATION BE PLEDGED FOR ROOSEVELT
Pages 35 to 48
Pages 35 to &
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1904..Barney -Schreiber, .while^ no J doubt
disappointed, * can rest assured that he
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
After a spell of splendid work with
the barrier, Jake Holtman leaves to
day for Los Angeles, where he will
dispatch the fields for the next four
weeks. Dick Dwy.er will resume >work
at Oakland to-morrow.
Sidney Bender will ship Lord Mel
bourne and the balance of his string
to Bennings the cc/ming week.
George Mountain, who has made an
enviable record in the saddle at Los
Angeles, will give the racegoers here
an opportunity to judge of his ability
at Oakland to-morrow.
C. Smith and "Big Bill" Knapp each
put two winners over the plate.
Billy Magrane now makes the en
gagements for Jc-ckey Bullman. The
latter has settled down to business and
will be a big factor in the saddle from
now on.
Garnet Ferguson- has disposed of Sir
Appleby to E. Tierney. The colt's wind
is touched and Garnet grew weary of
tinkering with him.
Charley McCafferty claimed The Ha
waiian out of the second race for $725.
Jc-hn <«x>dg;e, trainer of the colt, in
turn claimed Fair Lady Anna on Mc-
Cafferty for the same amount.
H. D. Beams, the colored owner,
leaves for Detroit to-morrow, " where
he is to appear at the trial of Farley
who "runs" the" mare Aimless as
Sarah Black last summer. Beams is
the principal witness for the Western
Jockey Club.
Admitting that Pinkerton was for
a time pocketed, Bullman, in order to
set a good position, rode Arisbe
through the deepest going on the far
turn for fully 100 yards. This cer
tainly about equalizes things.
Many looking: from an angle sup
posed Elliott had won the last event.
Perhaps if W. Daly could have kept
him straight he might have delivered
the merchandise. As a matter of fact
the Daly entry ruined the, chances of
Modicum and should have been dis
qualified had both of the horses named
finished in the money. With an equal
break and cutting out the interference
by fElliott Modicum could scarcely
have lost. . .
Assistant Attorney General Selected.
WASHINGTON, March 12.— Charles
H. Robb of Vermont, now, Assistant
Attorney General of the Postoffice De
partment, haa been selected as Assist
ant Attorney General to succeed
Henry M..Hoyt, appointed Solicitor
General of : the Department iof Justice.'
SAN JOSE. March 12. — Professor J. X>. Ad
dlcot of the State Normal School, who is now
In the Es.'t on a year's leave of absence, has
acceDted a position as superintendent of th»
N'fwraaa Man-al Tralnlnc Scnool at New Or
leans.
Before the eighth pole wai reached
Bullman drew bis whip; on Arisbe and
she closed on the leader,' forcing Mar
tin to draw his persuader. The jig
was up with .Amy J and Irisbe, now
assuming the lead, was forced' to stall
oft! the rush of Boland on Pinkerton.
The Schreiber colt, cat off Boon af tef
the start and compelled to wait for an
opening, now : loomed; up a? dangerous
customer. He responded gamely to
punishment, but Arisbe answered all
of the questions Bullman propounded,
defeating ; Pinkerton" cleverly by a
In drawing for positions at the post
Bose Eley, Salable and The Mist, were
the more favored ones, getting the out
side, while Pinkerton was down closer
to the rail in the deeper footing/ But
three minutes were ' consumed' before
Jake- Holtman released the !| barrier.
.Martin, on. Amy J, and Spencer astride
The Mist first showed clear of the
bunch, Bullman joining them a second
later on the Inside with Arisbe.' Before
the bend for home was reached The
Mist had had enough and "Amy J had
opened up a lead of over two lengths
over Arisbe and to all appearances
was simply galloping.
ARISBE IN THE LEAD.
Pinkerton, the flower of the Schreiber
stable, was shipped up here from Los
Angeles expressly to capture the race,
but the colt was suffering from a cold,
discharging mucous from his nose, and
this fact caused a slump in his mar
ket price until 8 was offered. Peggy
O'Neil, Meada'and Salable looked
slightly outclassed.
No great line could be drawn on the
qualifications of Amy J, she having
won but one race. That one public ap
pearance seemed to convince all that
she was a stake filly, though, and when
3 to 2 .was chalked about her yester
day the* crowd snapped at it like a
trout in fly time. Of the other seven
starters The Mist opened with second
call at 3, but receded to 5. and from
the latter figure the odds against Arisbe
were forced down to 4.
It was the first two-year-old stake
of the season and attracted ' a large
half-holiday, crowd, the presence of
Pinkerton. the L,os Angeles crack, im
parting a refreshing flavor and in
fusing something of the old-time feel
ing of sentiment into the, race.
The relative qualities of the three
young misses, Amy J, Arisbe and The
Mist, had been, much discussed and
especial interest was centered in their
meeting. It was a crucial test, for
the condition of the track and the dis
tance, five furlongs, made it a, moral
certainty that only the fittest would
survive. Then again the intrinsic val
uation of the stake was not to be
sneezed at, for of the gross valuation,
$3140, the winner annexed J24S0.
AMY J ISJ FAVORITE.
At the heels of Arisbe followed
Barney Schreiber's great black colt,
Pinkerton, with Jimmy Boland in the
saddle, and Bose Eley, one of the Blas
ingame^entries and a shifty youngster
himself^ beat the favorite out for show
honors.
The winner raced through the heavy
and cuppy going with a dogged deter
mination worthy of her stout lineage
and was faultlessly piloted by John
Bullman, probably the premier rider
of two-year-olds in this country.
The favorite, Amy J, unplaced.
Arisbe, a daughter of the dead Brutus
and Annie Buckingham, a product of
Napa Stock Farm, owned and racing
in the colors of her breeder and owner,
A. B. Spreckels, finished first for the
rich Bell stakes for two-year-olds yes
terday at Oakland.
has a splendid piece of material in
Pinkerton. Under adverse circum
stances the colt showed that beyond
question he is possessed of the tim
ber that makes stake horses.
Travers will* have the scalp of as
many favorites dangling from his belt
as did Nash Turner if he keeps up the
good work. : The other day Ocyrohe
defeated Hainault, but the latter had
some weight off and it looked as if
he might reverse the decision yester
day. Whether. Ocyrohe has' the In
dian'sign on the brown gelding or did
Travers grow careless is difficult to
say. At any rate Hainault went to the
post an 11 to 10 choice/ with a profu
sion'of G and 7 to 1 about Jimmy Cof
fey's colt. Away poorly, Travers had
the, favorite In front turning into, the
stretch' and- he' looked a lay down.
But Knapp '"on 'Ocyrohe kept busy as
a woodpecker with liis bat and, catch
ing 'overconfident, breasted
the! tape by a neck.' Misty's Pride
and Muresca" alternated in cutting out
the pace toUhe siretch." vi •
Walter Jennings'- pair, Nigrette and
Leader, coupled, ruled favorite for the
$1000;handicap at one mile and sev
enty '_ yards : and finished ¦ one, two. : Ni
grette had but ninety-three pounds to
negotiate and taken out in, the lead by
C. Smith was never headed. In a
drive Leader - took the place, from
Bombardier.'! v; •
"Big Bill" Knapp was "seen to good
advantage in the six and a half furlong
event, following 1 . Bill had the mount on
Foxy Grandpa, a 12 to Lahot, from Jim
my Coffey's barn, which was not
backed to any noticeable extent.. A fur
long from home it looked the" steamer
Berkeley to a bookmaker's stand that
TJbe Hawaiian would win, but Knapp
outgeneraled. Travers, receiving a nose
decision on the outsider. C. Smith pi
loted* the favorite, Fair Lady Anna, and
held the leading position to the stretch.
Then* through weak handling the mare,
though far from beaten, was passed by
both Hawaiian and Foxy Grandpa.
Constellator, another starter, ran as if
a racetrack was something entirely for
eign " to him. Silurian also made a
dreary, dismal showing for a horse that
once fancied heavy going.
In the mile selling affair Yellow
stone, a horse that scores winning
brackets about as many times a year
as a toad is measured for a full dress
suit and 12 to 1 in the betting, stag-'
gered In half a length before Bouton
niere. J. T. Sheehan astride Elmer L.
finished a calm, placid third. Idogo,
the favorite, with Bonner up! -made a
ghastly showing. Mountebank had a
touch of speed that afflicted him about
as long as. the' wind colic would, and
Outburst got- away left foot first and
never had an opportunity to shift.
OCYROHE IS FIRST.
KXAPP RIDES WELL.
length in 1:04 flat. Bose Eley, with
Crosswaite up. nabbed the faltering
Amy J. finishing third. The Mist
faded away to nothing, ending up in
last position, v*
Favorite players hati another, dis
astrous running, as the Jennings entry
in the last proved the only, short
priced one to come through. Foxy
Grandpa, Yellowstone and Ocyrohe
all registered first with the judges at
mellow prices.
Maraschino, with Travers on his,
back, ruled favorite for the introduc
tory snrint, and after an indifferent
showing in speed, finished third. The
winner turned up in Batidor, .which
Jack Martin early hustled to the front,
and led Vigoroso out more than two
lengths. Educate a wel! backed one,
was left at the post, partially owing
to the tactics of Stuart,* who endeav
ored to get a flying start. The winner
closed at odds of 4& to 1.
Barney Schreiber's Black Flyer Pinkerton, the Pride of the Angelenos, Finishes in
Second Place, While the Heavily Played Favorite, Amy J. Runs Unplaced.
DAINTY MISS WHICH LED OUT HER FIELD IX CLEVER STYLE YESTERDAY IX BELL STAKES.
HOT FPniNGS, Ark.. March 12.— Essex
Paris re:?i'!ts:
First race, mile and three-sixteenths— Sister
Lillian won. Lcnmyd second. Sister Ruth third.
Time. 2:03i.j.
Second rare, six furlongs, selling — Lady
Vashti wor. Easy Trade second. Dusky Secret
third. Time. l:15Vi.
Third rax-e, one mile — Harvester wen. Felix
Eard second. Plctjuart third. Time. 1 :40ii.
Fourth race. Fix furlong?. Street Railway
handicap — Paul Whaley won. Never Fret sec
« nd. FoFsil third. Time. 1:13».;.
Fifth race, a mile and three-sixteenths — Ex
reatrxl won. Miss Eon second. Buglehom
third. Time. 2:01>i.
Sixth race, six turlongs^ — Stub won, Eleanor
Howard second, Uea l>»ar third. Time, L:15&
Ilanns at Hot Springs
Sixth race. mile, sellinsr — Buccleuth. 110
(Prior). 0 to 10. won; Canejo. 108 (Lewis >.
9 to r>. second: Neko, XI (Anderson). 15 to 1.
thtrd. Tim*. 1:43. Admetus, Larden. Lou
welsea and Rey Del Rio also ran. Emshee
left at the post.
Fifth race. Slauson course, selling — Nanon,
103 (Hitdebrand). 8 to 5. won; Eoxenift P.
s& (Booker). 10 to 1. second; Dollle "Welthoft*.
1(KJ (J. Lewis). 4 to 1. third. Time. 1:11*;.
Jim Hftle and Marie Flute also ran.
ThlrU race. Slauaon course, selling — E34red.
103 (Lawrence). S to 1, won; MacFleckooe, 106
(Hildebrand). tt to 5. second; James J. Cor
bett. 1CS (Booker), 3 to 1. third. Time. 1:12.
Hercules. Roltalre. Estado, Ollvllo and John
Hughes aljo ran.
Fourth race, two miles, the Ascot Cup:
value $2230; sweepstakea^ — Lacy Crawford. &•':
(Booker). 7 to 2. won; Grail. 94 (JadcscxO. 7
to 2. second; >*ltrate, 114 (Redfern). 7 to 1.
third. Time. 3:33. Erne. John McGurk.
Vlatletide. C. B. Campbell and Discus also
ran.
7 to 2. second: Major dxon, 109 (Booker). 9
to 2. third. Time. 1:45. Ixmsbruck. Hub
Prather, Major Hooker, Ulm. Legal Maxim,
Inauguratcr and Susie Christian also ran.
Second race, four furloni*. •elllnr — Adeline.
OS (Booker). 11 to 5, won; Brows Study. 9S
(J. Lewis). 15 to 1, second; Peggy Mine. 93
(Hlldebrand), 8 to 5. third. Ttrae, :30s. Je
rome also ran. r*> Grammont l*ft.
The Nationals bunched their hit* In
the second Inning after two men were
out and scored three runs. Lundgren
pitched the first five innings for Chi
cago, allowing but three hits. Wicker
relieved him and was batted rather
freely. "Wheeler pitched six Innings
and Gray three inninga for Los An
geles.
Notwithstanding the increased price
of admission and the many counter at
tractions to-day, 2500 people attended
tire game. The playing of both teams
was snappy and fast and remarkably
free from errors. Chicago's Infield did
pretty work, but no better than the
home team. At the bat the Nationals
were stronger and won the game by
bunching their hits. The same teams
will play again to-morrow.
L£)S ANGELES, March 12.— Chicago's
National League baseball team played
the first game of the season at Wash
ington Park to-day against the Los
Angeles Pacific Coast team. The Na
tionals won by the score of 4 to 3. but
it was a hard fought battle all the
way.
First race, one mile, selling — Jinsler. IC3
(PhllllDs), 2 to 1, won; Phyz, 103 (Lawrence),
Nanon was made favorite in the fifth
event and won handily from Eugenie
B, with Dollle Weithoff third. The last
race was a soft spot fc-r Buccleuth, and
he won as he pleased from Canejo,
which was half a dozen lengths in front
of Neko. Emshee was left at the post.
Weather fine; track good.
SUMMARY.
The second race, for two-year-olds,
was a tight finish between Azelina, the
second choice, and Brown Study. The
former won by a slight margin. Peggy
mine, the favorite, was third. De
Grammont was left at the post.
MacFlecknoe was again made favor
ite and was strongly played to win
the third race, but he could not hold
the lead long enough to win. Eldred
beat him a length and James J. Cor
bett got the show.
JohnyMcGurk was made favorite at
9 to 5; Grail second choice at "LV% to 1,
and Lacy Crawford third in the bet
ting at 3 to 1. Nitrate found some
backing at 7 and C. B. Campbell at 10.
Erne and Discus were 20 and 15 to 1,
respectively, and Mistletide 100.
The long, shot made the . pace for
three-Quarters of a mile and then Ni
trate moved up to the front. Grail
trailed Nitrate to the stretch and then
forged ahead, leading by two lengths
when straightened out for the finish.
She looked to be a winner, but Booker
brought Lacy Crawford up with a rush
and nipped her by half a length.
Barney Schreiber's horses came near
being the whole show to-day. His col
ors showed in front at the finish of
three races, were second in one and
third In another. Favorites won three
races.
Jingler won easily from a bad bunch
in the first race, with Phyz second and
Major Dixon third.
LOS ANGELES, March 12.— Lacy
Crawford won the Ascot cup at Ascot
Park this afternoon by. half a length
from Grail, with Nitrate third. The
distance was two miles and the total
value of the stake was $2230 and a
handsome silver cup. The cup race
attracted a large crowd to the track
and the betting on this particular event
was heavy.
8ixth race, one mile, selling — Burnlngr Glass
»on. Albert F. Dewey second. North Wind
third. Time. 1:40 3-5.
Fifth race, Fix furlongs — Pretorius won. Ml
!adi Love Becond. Neither One third. Time,
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, the
iTeocent City Derby— Ostrich. 115 (Fuller) 6
to K. won: Auditor. 115 fHelrerson), 7 to 5,
**cond; Conklinsr. 115 <E. Walsh). 15 to 1.
third. Tim.'. 1:52 1-5. Rainland, Vestina Belle
and !>>ila als<o ran.
Third race, five and a half furlonrs — Floral
Kin* won. Hljie L eecond. Uranium third.
Time. 1:06 4-5.
NEW ORLEANS, March 12.— The
closing honors of the Crescent City
Jockey Glob's meeting fell to the East
ern contingent, when Ostrich landed the
J5635 Crescent City Derby to-day. The
Eastern colt's only rival in the bet
ting was Captain Brown's Auditor, 6
to 5 being laid against Ostrich and 7
to 5 on Auditor. Helgerson took Audi
tor to the front immediately, closely
followed by Ostrich, and It was a two
horse race all the way. Auditor opened
up a gap which Ostrich only succeeded
in closing as they rounded the stretch
turn and headed for the wire. It was
a drive all through the stretch and at
the end Ostrich, well ridden out, had
a scant length the better of it. Auditor
beating Conkllng three lengths for the
place. Results:
First race, eix furlones— AlllsU •won. Re
sponsive second. Manilla, third. Time. 1:14.
.Second race, one and a. sixteenth miles, eell
ir * — Gravina won. Pronta. second. Macbeth
th-rd. Time, 1:45 4-5.
Atkins had a world of speed and wor
ried the soldiers when he got 'em over
the rubber. But he was shy on com
mand and could not locate the plate at
the critical moment. Besides, he hurt
his finger in the first inning and this
interfered with his pitching. This aft
ernoon at 2:30 o'clock the boys in blue
will line up against the Jesse Moores
in a return game. The score:
Presidio — • 1 Alumni —
AB. R. H. P.A.j AB. R. H. P. A.
Cusack.rf 3 2 2 O 0 M'y.lf,2b 4 1-343
I>gl's,2b 6 3 O' C 4 Morse.lf. 4 0 0 2 0
Came'ncf 5 3 3 2 1 El'n,2b.c 4 0 2 5 4
Jans'g.s. 4 2 13 2 Lynch. lb 4 O 19 1
Lamb.If. 5 2 12 O liosg.rf. 4 O 1 1 O
Conrad. c 4 1 2' 9 O Atk's.c.p 4 1 O O O
GatTn.rtb 4 1 1 <» 1 H'm'n.Sb 4 12 2 1
HaWn.lb 3 2 0 » OIKlefer.s. 4 0 0 11
Xasle.p. 4 2 2 0 SlP'k'r.p.cf 3 0 0 0 3
Totals. 38 18 13 27 111 Totals. 33 3 8 24 13
RUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Pi-ei-idio O O 02 » O O 7 x — 18
Base hits O O u -2 s u c» 3 x i;j
Vmmni 1 O o 2 O O O 0 O — 3
Base hits 4001 10 10 1—8
. SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Cameron (2). Xagle. Errors—
Jar.MiiR. Lamb. Murphy, Lynch. Atkins (2),
Hamlin, Krefer <3). Two-base hits — Murphy
Hcmlin. Nagle. Cusack. . Sacrifice hits — Doug-
Ict-v. Jansing-. First b&se on errors — Presidio
•». Alumni 1. First base on called balls Oft
Parker i.', off Atkins 5. Left on bases—Pre
sidio f». Alumni 5. Struck out — By Xagie 0
by Parker 2, by Atkins 2. Hit by pitcher—
prsarlc. Nagle. Double plays— Hamlin to
h Ync l!. w 1 ?. H a mlin - I»UKla*s to Hallihan.
Parsed balls — Conrad, Atkins. Elston (2) Time
of same— 1 hour 45 minutes. Umpire-^Mona
han.
With two men on the bags and the
score 3 to 2 in favor of the college men,
Walter Nagle tore off a two-bagger to
the right, field fence that brought both
men in. Then followed a bombardment
that was awful. Every man on the Pre
sidio team got jerry to the kind that
Parker was passing out, and hit after
hit skimmed through the infield and
away out to the outfield. In all nine
men made the circuit of the bags and
eight of them hit safely.
Parker then Quit the box and went
out to center field. Atkins came, from
behind the bat and went into the box,
Elston going to the big mitt and. Marty
Murphy to Eecond base. The change
was all right for a while, but in the
eighth round the soldiers attacked the
offerings of Atkins, and aided by four
base»-x»n balls and a bunch of errors by
Keifer scored seven more.
The college tossers were all in after
the fourth inning and never had an
other chance. Nagle was steady
throughout, and his support grew bet
ter as the game incVeased with age,
Elston was the star on the alumnr
team. He soaked out two safe hits and
played a great second base, besides per
forming well behind the bat.
The ball tossers in blue who represent
the Presidio turned another trick yes
terday afternoon on their own grounds.
The Stanford-Berkeley alumni were the
victims for the second time within a
few weeks, and the score was 18 to 3 —
the biggest that has yet been piled up
by "Wagner's aggregation.
As usual, the place was well filled
with officers, soldiers and fair repre
sentatives of the Presidio, who did
nothing but yell for the men in blue.
For four innings it was a beautiful
game. Then the soldiers began to take
long and fast rides on the offerings of
Paul Parker, the former Stanford star,
and. then it was curtains.
The Play Is Fast and Snappy
Throughout the Progress
of the Interesting Game
Brown's Colt, by Esher, En
gages in a Duel Through
the Stretch With Winner
BIG CROWD
ATTENDS
PARKER IS HIT HARD
Retires in the Fifth Inning
After Being Hammered for
a Total of Eight Bingles
AUDITOR IS SECOND
Bunch Their Hits in Second
Inning and Thereby Secure
a Lead Over Their Eivals
The Bay Son of Order, Hidden
by Fuller, Scores at the
IVire by a Scant Length
Berkeley -Stanford Alumni
Team Suffers Crushing De
feat by the Boys in Blue
NATIONALS WIN
FROM ANGELS
The Purple-Orange Sleeves of
the Bookmaker Are Car
ried by Three Winners
SCHREIBEK SUCCESSFUL
Track by Half a Length
Takes t?:e Ascot Cup at Two
lilies ( m t ] ic Los A ngel es
LACY CRAWFORD
DEFEATS GRAIL
OSTRICH FIRST
IN THE DERBY
SOLDIERS MIKE
EIGHTEEN RUNS
ARISBE, WITH BULLMAN IN THE SADDLE, WINS THE RICH BELL STAKES
THE SAN FRANCISCO : CALb;; SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1005.
36
Is the one that can rightfully boast of pure blood. When '/y-^^ y 4&r**X$b
the rich, red wine of life is coursing through the Veins it im- m\^^T^^m L iKica^ly '
parts vigor and strength to the bod}- and healthy action to all /•.«§?«• fi^ii W- r^ !
parts of the system. A healthy family is a wealthy family;
it may be poor in worldly goods, but possessed of a priceless ¦%*£//T\^ M fltsii&ili
jewel that all the riches of earth cannot buy. A healthy family N>4lkr^ Wpz<**-^<ZB!R '
may not carry in their veins the blood of titled nobles or dis- v '^7 yyjrf?|fc^v\f
tiriguished ancestors, but vigorous health is 'always an evidence of the "{(^f^^^m
best and purest blood, for the vital fluid contains all material necessary zJ&M
for the making of bone and muscle and the growth and development of
the body, and upon its purity rests our chances for good health. When the
body is fed upon weak, sickly blood the system languishes, growth is stunted, disease
enters without hindrance, and the simplest maladies are apt to develop into serious sick-
ness. In so many ways does the blood become contaminated that the fewest number succeed
in keeping this life-giving, health-sustaining fluid in a pure and natural state. We inherit
the disease-tainted blood of ancestors, parents transmit to their children such impoverished
and weak blood that their lives are a continuous battle againt disease, and from earliest
infancy are harassed by sores and the most ,_ ... ,, WM>
l ir 1 i- J j i • , Newark, Ohio, May 28, lflOS.
ClreaaiUl Skin emptlOUS, and heirs to some Some ten years ago I used yonr S. S. B. with the most.
old famiiv disease Nn one has a rip-ht to satisfactory results. From childhood up I had been both-
om iamny .disease. i\o one nas a ngni 10 ered bad bloo<t charaoterlzed by 8kIa empuoasand
throw upon the shoulders of posterity a dlS- boils, especially bad in the summer. For 4Te or six too.
ease lhat might have been cured, OT allow mer K s x had bo " s ranging from five to twenty in number
,« ,-i I & . . . , I rr . each season. Our local physicians prescribed for ma, bnt
the DJood tO remain impure Without an eiiort nothing they gave me did away with the annoying skin
to restore it to health. Rheumatism, Ca-
tarrh, bcrofula and many *>I the severer as high as six boils at one time. My condition was truly a
farms of skin diseases are frequently inher- f^ 1^ 1 ' °, ne he ? J £ egaa s - s - ? ; » wwned t°*><»J"*
., j • , . 1 i the medicine needed in my case. It drove out all irnpnrt-
lted, and Only the most thorough COnstttU- ties and bad blood and restored the circnlatioa to its or%-
tional treatment can; remove them. Bad g- £«&«« *£&£^£?^$£?£
blOOd IS responsible for more ill health tll«n and I have never had a return of the disease. I would state
all other causes combined; it absorbs the that m y husband has taken it with good results.
• .1 . ¦• •)¦.*-. j -v MRS. J. D. ATHEBTON,
poisons that gather m the system, and the
germs and microbes floating in the air find their way into the circulation, and old sores
and ulcers, Eczema; Boils, Malaria and a -long train of other diseases'follow.
If you do not come of a strong and vigorous family and your blood shows evidence of im-
purity, nothing will so quickly bring it back to a healthy condition as S.'S. S., the most
widely known and popular blood remedy on the market. It purifies and builds up weak,
irfjEM^fe. "^jr— te_^ sluggish blood and stimulates the circulation, and thus
j^jr*" 1^! •¦^jp^IS^- rids "the system of impurities. S. S. S. contains tonic as
¦V%2^A'Qfc^- C^alZ^ we^ as blood purifying properties, and; builds up the
£ enera * nea^k> improves the appetite and digestion, and
fr*W^# m {fc^^^V^ |^/~^S j .-tones up the nerves while ridding the blood of all poisons
Mk!!^*^!^ C!!***^!^ and humors. Nothing reaches old chronic blood troubles
tal!B r s *^ like s. S. S., and being a strictly vegetable remedy can be
taken by old and young without any bad after effects or injury to the system. As a blood
purifier and tonic at this season S. S. S. has no superior. It puts the blood in good order,
removes all poisonous accumulations, invigorates all parts of the system and prevents that
debilitated, tired feeling ;common to this time of year. Keeping the blood healthy is the
secret of all healthy families. • Write us if in need of medical advice, which our physicians
will furnish free of charged Book on the blood and its diseases mailed free.
{ THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA^, CM*
MISCELLANEOUS.
O. C. JOSLEN, M. D.,
The heading Specialist.
Pay When
Cured,
I make a definite proposal to 1
wait for ray fee until you are i
satisfied that your cure is com- P
plete. This, of course, indi- I
cates that I have unlimited J
confidence in my ability, but 1 I
,1 want you to have other and j
better reasons for choosing ]
me as your physician. I want j
i you to consider my vast expert- r
once and my unequaled sue- j
cess as a specialist. For more y
than seventeen years I have j
been curing cases Just like •
yours, and have built up a (
¦ practice that is by far the larg- '
est of Its kind west of Chicago. \
Every method of treatment I j
employ is original and marks a :
distinct advance in medical sci- ¦
ence. Surely, considering all
these things, you will not re- |
main undecided as to what | {
physician can serve you best. j \
|j Weakness. ||
M Local treatment to correct all y
B conditions resi>onslble for the func- In
{j Uonal disorder, failure Impossible H
Q where the case Is not too far ad- 5j
fc3 v»nc€<i. So incurable cases fj
Si treated. |l
fj Varicocele. r|
[J No iiain, no cuttinr. But a few W
{; days* time required and a thorough El
fa cure in every instance. • *: H
y Contracted Disorders. g
jl The quickest cure« ever effected. n
n Time reduced about one-half. No I:
L. fai hires; no relapses. fi
h Specific. Blood Poison.- — ,^ |l
|i Every 'ymptom and taint eradt- B
H eat»d without the use of dangerous H
1<Jrug«. g
Stricture I
Neither cutUnir nor dilating but 9
a painless treatment, by which the §1
obstructing- tissue U dissolved. " ||
Consultotion Free. If
At orflce or by mail. My pwnphlet. ||
R DR. O. C. JOSLEN I
|j Cor. Market and Kearny Sts. |
jj Private entrance, 702 Market et. M
l| Office Hours — 0 a. m. to 4:30 H
*S p. m.; 6 to 8:30 p. m. on week ¦
I" days. Sundays 10 to 1 only. IAs if nature had not been unkind
enough the Thibetan woman heightens
her ugliness by smearing, her face with
a horrible black ointment to keep her.
skin from cracking in theldfy wind. ,
Her dress is not very different from
her , husband's. Her crowning glory is •
her hair! Plastered down with butter I
from the part to j the ;. ears, it goes off :
behind into a sunburst of small braids, i
to which is fastened a great fan-shaped I
headdress falling to the hem of her)
garments: It Is of spreading strips of j
red and blue cloth, joined horizontally
by iron bands, and ornamented with
countless coral and malachite beads,
silver J coins and tiny bells.- , The one
poetic thing about a Thibetan woman
is the sound of her gotnc— a soft, me
lodious tinkle, belying . ; the grotesque
ness of her face.— Exchange.
Make Themselves Hideous.
Sullivan Defeats Daffy.
CHICAGO. March 12.— "Tw>V Sulll-
The Dart has another distinction be
sides her age. She is manned by the
oldest crew sailing the high sea3. The
captain Is seventy, the mate seventy
two, the cook seventy-one and a sea
man sixty-one — a total of 352. They
have been with the Dart for many
years.— New York Commercial.. •;
There is at present lying at the Brit
ish port of Newcastle a schooner that
is supposed to be the oldest ship of her
kind sailing under the Union Jack.
Her name Is the Dart; she was built
at Carnarvon seventy-eight years ago,
and ever since . has been in constant
employment. At one time she sailed
between Carnarvon and Liverpool; she
is now engaged in the coasting trade
between Arbroath and ports on the
northeast coast of England.
Oldest Ship. Oldest Crew.
"Our information regarding Japan's
announcement that In future -Korea
would-be under her administration
came from M. Pavloff, and also from
the representative of a friendly power
at Seoul. ¦ Japan's denial, consequently,
Is fruitless, as also is the. attempt to
refute our statement that the Russian
Minister and Consul at Seoul were told
to leave. As conclusive proofs, in St.
Petersburg on February 10 the French
Minister at Seoul had officially notified
our representatives that the Japanese
Government had intimated that they
should leave,- and that 'the Japanese
had ' occupied territory in Korea. M.
Pavloff was at first 'unable to notify
our Consul at Fusan, his telegram be
ing refused at the telegraph office."
a declaration of war. The steamship
Russia was seized in the waters of
Southern Korea even before' Kurino
had presented his note here.
The. reply concludes as follows:
With all France's prosperity lamen
tations are being raised over the decay
of the home-made lace industry, which,
says a correspondent, if matters go on
as they are going now, will be a lost
art in France. It is pointed out that
half a century ago there were still over
50.000 dentellleres in the department of
Calvados alone, who earned their 40
cents a day. In Auvergne there wore
more than 100,000, while Lorraine reck
oned 'half that number. Now there are
not 2000 of such lacemakers in the
whole of Normandy, and Auvergne and
Lorraine can only show 10,000. It
is to the imitatipn trade, with
its machinery, that the mischief is to
be attributed. Out of fifty Parisian
establishments which once gave em
ployment to the women of a single
rural district, only three have survived.
It seems strange, in an age so luxurious
as this, that the passion for real lace,
of all things, should • be numbered
among the has beens. Promoters of a
movement to restore the industry, with
the aid of the Minister of Commerce,
are appealing to fashion to help them
out. But they have powerful rivals in
the manufacturers.— Boston Herald.
Hard Times for Luce Makers.'
PHILADELPHIA, March 12. — Jim
Jeffords, the California heavy-weight,
and Gus Ruhlin, the Akron giant,
boxed -a terrific, j slx^-round faout, in
which the former had the better of the
mill, at the National Athletic Club to
night. Ruhlin was twice knocked
down in the first round and the last
time he was sent to the mat he was
compelled to take the count. He got
up grog-gy, staggering around the ring.
Jeffords, In his anxiety to stop Ruh
lin, became wild and many blows aim
ed at Ruhlin went wide of 'the mark.
Jeffords Defeats Jluhlln.
PAN JO^K. March 12.— The electors of the
Gardr.er School Di-trlct h*v« voted $4500
boii<l« for addltlcn ta the : resent fine echool
buUdlcr-
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OA.XTJLBTD BACETEACX — Saturday, March 12. — Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
U32G. FIRST RACE— Hve furlongr; Ee'.llr.g; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Indext Horse and Owner. IWt'.St. V*. Vt- ?i- Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
€110 IBatldor 4 <\V P. Finer ;iOT! 3 5 2 1 >, 1 3 1 2>i!J. Martin.. 4 9-2
€^2 iV'.£cro*o 4 (Appteby & Co.). .1107 3 ... 4 h 4 *, S 1«J2 2 iHaack 10 8
6309 jMarsBchi'no B »Ii. J. Smith). .1102! 7 ... 2 h 3 IV:* 3 3 3 Travers ... 11-5 12-5
C2tf> lAmomna 4 iP. McCuire) tW) t ... 15 2 3 25 45 Croaswalte 6 8
60S ,The Toiler. 4 <F. Jor.es>. . . .. .KJot 2 ... & 4 7 3 6 n 5 h Buxton | 20 30
OlOCo ..SlFenvlne, « <A. A. Haskell). . 103! « ... 6 2V45 2 72 6 H Frowen ... 60 60
Mac in*y Hooker, a <T. J. Bmttb)..U07 8 ... 90 »4 5>4"4 T. Butler.. 30 . CO
r.fcCl St Rica a. <D Murphy) ilOi 4 ... 3 n 8 ',4 S2 8 HilReed 30 50
C21* 'Orpheus a <J J. I'oalter) ; 107 10 ... 10 10 10 9 4 {Holbrook .. 40 100
eSS» 4 <O»rf>? & Co.)II!2- » ... 7 3 t> Vi 9 4 10 IHeavner ..80 SO
OOS 'Educate. 0 (Hfgarty ft Co.)..!iw;: L*ft JEtuart 3 4
T:m« — :^j. "J5l% l**%. At j*>£t .'. mirufs. <>fT at 2:19^. Batidor. place. 2; show. 1.
Vlitoroeo. place. 4; show. S-5. Maraschino. Fho»\ 1-2. Winner, b. g.'.by Key El Santa
Ar.lta-Florilla Trained by W. P. Fine. Start pood for all but Educate. Won ridden
out. Next two driving hard.' Winner received cood handling. Vlgoroeo showed marked
Improvement. Maraschino ran a very jnor rac. Amoruna quit. Educate could prob
ably have won.
<;:{1'7. SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlcnc*: cellinc; C-yr.-olds and up; to first. $325.
IeCh) Horse and Owner. 'Wt St. '4. •%. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C002 !foxv C!rand].a. 3 (Mte. <UitTry)\ M] 4 3 1 5 5 3 3 3 2 Ins Knapp 6. 10
<*;2nO. The Hawaiian. :i jFigaro Bta.) »5I B 4 V4 3 *i 2 1 2 % 2 1>4 Travers ... B-2 5-2
"CKKriiFalr I-. Anna. 4 <4IcCatrerty);iO2| ll\I2 1nln32 C. Smith... 9-5 11-5
?i\">4 iAuroi. 0 «... Y. Rich) ;H»4i 3 2 12 l'.i-* 1H* 1 * n U. Martin.. 10 15
«SR*S -Silurian. « (Lamasney Rros.)!103i 60 « 0 5 n 5 4 Roacb 6 7
€24* ICOnctcUalar. a <Ktatin(t Co.)|103! 2 5 4 4 n 5 I*j6... 6 JBuxton .... 4 8-2
Tlri*— :24ti. :JOU. 1:18. 1:25. At po*t 2 minutef. Off at 2:41. Foxy, place, 4; show,
S-5. Hawaiian. I'.n^e. 4-5: chow. 1-3. Anna. fhow. 2-5. Winner, blk. c. by Loyallst
!A>r*>na Mac. Trained Itv J. Coffey. Start good. Won In a hard drive of three. Kna.pp
Ml wir.n< r wiitrode Travers. Fair I^ady A nna came again near the dose, but wu cut
'¦(T. Arsut rar; her ruie. Silurian performed indifferently. Constellator ran a. dismal
rac*. . '
iUUS. TI1IKD RACE — One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. |325.
Indej^ Bone ar.d Owner. IWtlSt. 'i . H- %¦ Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
«r30 iiVIlovvhtone, 5 <V.'. P. Fine).JH>5' :: 1 % 1 2V.I 2 1 l»jl y, C Smith... 10 12
C2M.UV>utcr.r.:ere. 4 <F. .tones! !lC2f 5 6 5 3 ".1 n 3 1 2 4 Tra\ers ... 0 18-5
tzxx 'Elmer I.. *J (Klundtr & B.)..!102] 142 42 2h2 1M.3 2 J T Shehn 6 ' 6
«»S-.05>:i<3oKO. 5 .<_•. McCafTerty) J103I 4 3 1 3 n 4 1 lj4 n ~4 3 Banner .... 11-8 7-2
C2U1 jMountebank, a < Keating) ;lC2i 2 2^2b 5 % 5 3 DS Buzton 6-2 9-2
f£f>6 Outbur>t. a (J. J. HcAle«ter);i07| U5nC C 6 6 I. Powell.. 4 9-2
Time— :2C*4. :K L i. l:19'i. 1:47. At post !4 mir.ute. Off at 3:C2. Yellowstone, place 5~;
shjw. 2. Bouionnlcn'. flace. S-2; fho"*. 3-5. Elmer show 1. Winner, ch. h. by 'Rey
F.l Santa Anita— Fiorilla. Trained by \V. p. Fine. Start good. Won In a hard drive of
two. Third driving. TtUowmfom in u slippery oc to "dope." He swerved badly to the
Inside at the clow. Uoutunniere cioecd strong Elmer L. may have run his race The
ehowin«or the isrt three borse* is an enigma.
6329. FOURTH RA<'B- Five furlong*; The IieM arakes; 2-yeer-olds; value to first $2480;
6econd. $400; third, $200. . \-: j,--..jV
Index! Korse and Owner. IWt^t. V*. \k- \. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op! cIT
C282 JArirte (Napa Stock Farm)..jll2! 1 ... 1 a; 2 Vj 2 2*41 1 iBullman .. 4 4
J Plnkerton <B. S<hrelbrrl IIS! 3 ... 2n 5 «* 4 2 ' 2 % Boland .... 6 8
€=55 jBose Ely (UlMir.Ra.me Bros.).!U2! 7 ... «3 6 3 3«43n Cro.twalte 15 1«
VS- 0>^ my J^--. B ¦ Jcnnir *'> i»5| 4 ... 4 2 J mi h 4 5 J. MarUn.. 3-2 6-5
r ?S, w eERy <rN>tI <R - A SmUh) -'"°i * •"• 5 % 3 h 5 1H5 3 Larsen .... 15 SO
(6030) Mrada (Kianchl & Co> 1115 8 ... 8 8 8 63 See . 15
€202 iSalable (Waainsame Bros.). . j 1 1 0? « ... 7 1^47 3 7 U 7 0 J T Sh'han • •
rea2)lThe Ml«t «W. H. Hammond ).|i 12 1 2 ... 3n4n Cn8 Spencer ... 3 .'V.B*
•Coupled with Bose Eley. tLos Angeles Index e2SsT
TIal^r : 5 iU - :51 , 1:0 * At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:33. Arisbe place. 7-5- show 8-6
EsSS^rSfSivW*- 6 ;?- e> \r? hOW 2 - WlBner - b - '¦'& BrVitu-- Annie Buc>f;
Inrham. "Trained by C. \\ Carroll Scratched-Henry Ach, Ben Eric. Oeorge P. Me-
J "^ e ?°l- ? n de^ erI y- N '*« t«o drivlnB hard. Amy J. had all kinds of
*;*«<1 unUl a furlong from borne when *h e w« done. Arisbe received w!ae handling
and It rame as a bulldog. Bose Eley did well. Plnkerton was pocketed soon after th«
•tart and ran a «na B hing good race, afflicted with a cold. Meada had been alllng-l
The Mist apparently did not taketo tho heavy going. »«"»«.
g33O. FIFTH RACE— Six farlongs; Belling; 3 -year-olds and upward: value to first. $325.
Index I Horse acd Owner. [Wt'Bt. U. 14. 84 str. Fin. I Jockey. Op^ CK
(r285)!Oc>-rche. 3 (Mrs. Coffey) j 97 .1 ... 3 % 4 4 35 In | Knapp ~ ti 0
C2S5 Halnault, 5 (Thomas & R.)...|101 6 ... 5 3>$3 h 2 n 2 4mTravcr« 6-fi 11-10
f285 Mcrese*. 5 (Mm. Miller) 99 2 ... 2 hi 1 1 h 3 5 C Smith 10 25
CXT* Misty. Pride. 4 (S. J. Jones). 104 1 ... 12 2n 42 4n BuxtoT " 7-2
C270 Flaneur. C <C. McCaSerty)...IJ0« 7 ... 00 65 53 56 Bonner 10 I?
«2il IWbisker.. 5 (R. Wilson) 1110 5 ... 7 7 7 ,05 JTSh^hin" 1O irt
C258 !Ster. Towers. 5 (Stockton S.).|99 4 ... 4%6n 647 Cross wj^g }» is
7Un 7ri' Z - ti 50^- Ul VL At post 1 minute. Off at 3:59. Ocyrohe. place; 8-5; show. 7-10.
Hainault. Haee. B-20; ehow. 1-4. Muresca. show 4. Winner b. c. by Dr McBrld*-
Ocypet* Trained by J. Coffey. BcratchM-LetoIa. Oro Viva/ Start good "Won In a
dnve cf three. At the head of the stretch Halnault looked a certainty and Travers must
have rrown careless. Ocyrohe stood a long drive. Muresca ran a fair race Mlstv's
J^^rjCe^ult Flaneur no epecd. Whiskers waiting his turn. a"»ijrs
C331. SOitH RACE — Mile and 70 yards; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; Talue to first. $800.
Isdeil IIor»e and Owner. jWt St. K. %. \. Str. Fin, j Jockey. Op. O.
f <^ > ? le 7 tt^^ 4^-J i -r 3eDaiBetU \ « S.lKlKllKl IH1 1KC SmtthTTT 3-2 "Tjj
f'JOU r^«der. 4 OV- B. Jeonln«a).. 104 5 8 H,6 n 6 6 2 h 'U Martin • •
£2, ¦£ l 1? tU * <M^ J " Daly> 10t \ 2 2 «4 2 % 2 H 2 h 4 2 W. Daly.... 4 I
'.S^* * IoC1 T ccm - *i I^ rr 8 - «^«wt«ln). 1O9 6 | 41 31«J1 5 1 |Van<Jexbo ; t I 6 8
rza jJoe L«s«r. 6 (H. D. Be»ms). 1O2J 1 3 1 3 K 4 1 4 2 fl |j.T.Sh*han | 4 «
•CoapltsA with Klcrttte. " ¦. : - " "
riS T^ :3 %J^^ U \ 7 ' \ U *\ 1:4 **- At. port- U mlDtrt*. Off «t 4^S«. Xlitrette. plaoa,
5 = 1^ v^_If^ er . -bow. oot. Bombtnlter. «h<rw. 1. Winner. blkTni
fcS^MSTt h^ L Ktoett* »» «*^w with Heht weight op. Bon?!
S^i 1 to baa wlth ¦*»«««• handling. Leader, closed
S^c *V * *tontog r«ce. Ue was carried out and bad ail
enswn rciatd laicr uj CUlott. Latter klmost fiatshed in the jadco/
Japan pleads that the charge against
her seizure of Russian merchantmen
before the declaration of war cannot
stand after the establishment of the
prize . court. Their seizure after the
declaration of war, being piracy, is not
defensible by. the establishment of, the
prize court, which cannot exist befc^
Japan's denial of malicious Interfer
ence with the transmission of Russian
telegrams over the Danish cable can
nut be sustained.". A telegram to Baron
de Rosen, then Russian Minister ta
Japan, at Tokio, sent from St. Peters
burg on February 4, was not delivered
until the morning of February 8. That
delay did not occur on the Siberian
line, as shown by the fact that a reply
to a telegram from Viceroy Alexleff
sent at the same time was received the
same day. Therefore it Is conclusive
that De Rosen's telegram was held by
the Japanese and not delivered for two
days.
Communication with Pavloff, then
Russian Minister to Korea, by the Ko
rean telegraph ceased in the middle
of January. As the Koreans were en
joying friendly relations with Russia,
there is good ground for believing that
the interruption was due to the Jap
anese. Thereafter Pavloflf used a mall
steamship or a special warship to com
municate with Port Arthur. The Min
ister of Russia in Korea on February S
therefore knew nothing of the diplo
matic rupture. \ .
ST. PETERSBURG. March 12, 2:50
p. m. — The following reply, inspired by
the Foreign Office to Japan's rejoinder
to the Russian protest against the vio
lation of • Korean neutrality, may be
accepted as official:
Japan's argument that she was justi
fied in landing troops in Korea, before
the declaration of .war, because she had
Korea's permission, and also that these
troops -Arrived in Korea after "the ex
istence of a" state of war," is -without
value, as Korea in January promul
gated her neutrality to- the powers,
which received it warmly, Great Brit
ain even officially conveying expres
sions of gratitude to the Korean Gov
ernment. Therefore no state of war
gave the Japanese the right to violate
her neutrality by sending troops into
the territory. Even the consent of Ko
rea, though extorted by the Japanese,
is without force, from the fact that
the dispatch of troops was not only
before the war, but before the breaking
off of diplomatic relations, as clearly
established and Indeed acknowledged
by the Japanese themselves.
Japan's contention, in defense of. the
attack on the Russian ships, at , Che
mulpo, that the port was not neutral
is false again, because Korea had pro
claimed her neutrality.
The new town sustained the greates.
damage. A shell burst a few yard
from the house of M. Sidorskl, a law
yer, whose wife is a daughter of Col
onel Baron Frank M. Sidorski, and hi
and his daughter were killed on th
spot, the latter's head being blown oft
Mme. Sidorskl was injured by frag
ments of the' shell, and a girl named
Walerltsch was wounded and died soon
afterward in a hospital.
A Chinese was killed and several Chi
nese were wounded. General Stoessel.
the commander of the Russian troops
at Port Arthur, and his staff, while
watching the bombardment from a bat
tery." were peppered by splinters from
a shell, but sustained no injuries.
On Golden Hill Lieutenant Wachtin
and one soldier were -wounded. Two
sentries on Electric Cliff were wounded.
A Japanese ironclad was struck by
a Russian shell and slowly withdrew.
The bombardment, which was severe,
did not cease until 12:45 o'clock in the
afternoon. .. /
Although during the bombardment :
number of. shells ' from Japanes'
ships burst in the. streets of the town
the damage to the buildings was com
paratively slight. -
PORT ARTHUR, Friday, March 11.—
Last night passed without, Incident.
The Japanese squadron, which disap
peared after Thursday's bombardment
and naval fight, has not returned. Tin.
Russian squadron proceeded to sea this
morning and returned this afternoon
It. is. understood 'that no Japanese ship*
were sighted.
Sir Henry Mortimer Durand, British
Embassador to the United States, vis-*
ited Independence Hall in Philadelphia
a few days ago and took a look at the
relics made sacred by this country's
forcible separation from the one he now
represents. When in front of the
Declaration of Independence and the
old Liberty Bell he took off his hat and
for some moments stood paying silent
tribute to them. Sir Henry signed his
name, "H. M. Durand. "Washington,"
following those of half a dozen country
tourists from Indiana. — Indianapolis
I News.
Sir Henry Durand's Tribute-
ST. PETERSBURG'S
REPLY TO JAPAN'S
NOTE TO POWERS
SHELL BEHEADS
A RUSSIAN BARON'S
GRANDDAUGHTER
OAKLAND. March 12. — The basket
ball championship of the Academic
Athletic Leaprue was won by the Oak
land Hiph School team, which defeat
ed the team from the San Francisco
Polytechnic High School by a score
of 20 to 10. The following is the
line-up:
Oakland High School — Forwards,
Hurt and Hush; Hook, center; Um
phred and Sprague, guards.
Polytechnic High School — Forwards,
McKenzie. Leary, Ingram: center.
Callnon: guards. Mayer and Kern
(captain).
Oakland High School Wins.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., March 12.— The
American 16-pound shot record was
broken to-night at the Indoor track
meet between the University of Mich
igan and First Regiment of Chicago
by Rose, the Michigan freshman, who
did 47' feet Z\i inches. Rose is from
California.
Record for California Athlete.
The pame was played in the mud,
the recent rains having left the links
in anything but good condition. The
greens were sodden and the drives
carried with them all the mud which
could be pasted on the sticks, making
it necessary for those who followed
the players in the finals to keep at a
good distance to prevent being be
spattered.
The game was featureless except for
it« length. Swift led from the start
and the players were so far apart that
interest was divided among the spec
tators, of whom there was a large
crowd. Fairbanks made a spurt,
however, toward the last and- closed
the game with a narrow score. He
was favorite among those who wit
nessed the game, which experts stated
was hardly a fair trial, considering
the- condition qf the ground.
LOS ANGELES, March 12.— In one of
the longest drawn out games ever
played even by amateurs, the Pacific
Coast golf championship was decided
to-day in favor of A. B. Swift of the
Onwentsia Club, Chicago, and also of
the Santa Barbara Country Club. He
defeated "Walter Fairbanks by the nar
row margin of 1 up. The victory car
ries with It a personal gold medal and
the cup rests with the Banta Barbara
Club until retaken.
Open Bt«k*. first round— J E H beat Maid
of the Glen. 5-0; Hector lw>at Erebus. 5-0; Doc
Hurn* beat Fox Hunter. «-<•: IJttle Mercy be;*t
Empire B.>y. 5-1; Aeo!u« beat <\>lor«"d I^ady,
4-0; Kr1«hna beat I.juiy Gold. 5-4; IX>n Pedro
b*at Valentine. .5-2 ; Frisky Hoy beat LAixur}'.
6-0; Fewer Hill beat Intruder. 4-1; Silver
•.loud bt-at LJIy York, 5-1; Conroy beat H&d
<!lnrton. 4-0- Van Alba beat Mountain' Poet,
11-10; I,ulu Girl beat Tom Hurllck. 6-5; Craw
ford Belle beat R<>se of »JoId. 6-4; Ragged
Artor h*at Our Motto. »-4; Youn* Johnnie
Hex beat Irvlnrton Tralee. 0-4; Una beat
Ouida. 10-$; <Jra<-e Greenwood beat Fine
Thought. .1-0: Firm Fellow beat Flower of
Kerry. :;-2; I^ady Mer.lo beat Shotgun, 4-0:
TVrra Cotu. beat Golden Licht, 3-0; I»rd
Granard l>eat Dartaway, <M>: Young: Fearless
beat DuKalicw. *•©: Master Clair beat
.'lmrr.y Antb^nv. ."-2; Princess Savoy b*at
Fran^h L*d. T»-3: Presidio Boy beat
Frank Punn. 5-0; Go]ci Larty beat Icelun.
7-5; Horrer Boy beat Kreswirk. ti-O;
K»rodir>e bear Li!y Wrieht. .VO; Full Moon
beat Helm Hayes. 7-0; Mark TwaJn beat
Mfd'.ev. 5-3: Our Minnie a bye; Lost Chord
beat Belle Lloyd. 8-4; Orsina beat Mountain
IJKht. 5-0; Roy Huchle b»at Golden Links.
.VJ: Slievenarron t*»«t Star Fylvani:*. S-4; Texas
Hoo Hoo beat Molly Me. 3-O; Donnle Pasha
beat Van Nora. 5-0: TraJee Lass beat Med
tf'.eaotn*. 16-7; Reckless Acrobat beat Yellow
tail. 14-0. Bs-rater beat Real Duehers. 3-0;
Hon<»*t Jobn beat Srflng Valley. 15-3; Clover
Blossom I eat Sea Lion, fi-1 : Jerry Wright
beat Texii Betty, ft-2: Fonteney beat Belfast,
4-O. I-Ittlo Lucy beat Piren. 9-2: Imperious
beat Mar.ru. C-2; Ecuatcr b»at Hero. 12-6.
. Following are the day's results, with
Judge Thomas Tlerney's official scores:
H was a great day for the talent at
Ingleside Coursing Park yesterday.
Hardly a short end raised a flag, and
the pikers had nothing but hard luck
etories to tell.
While the class was hardly up to the
standard, still the greyhounds were so
evenly matched lhat they furnished
lively sport for the spectators. To pick
the winners would be hard work, and
th<» wise ones are guessing as to the
ultimate results.
Corbett was bubbling over with good
nature and was particularly pleased
when he sneaked in some unexpected
upper'cuts which sent back the head
of his sparring partner with a snap.
Corbett gave out his weight as being
136 pounds. The fat is commencing to
melt off and the muscles are showing
under his smooth white skin. As usual,
his gymnasium was thronged with
visitors.
Britt's programme yesterday con
sisted of a trot on the road in the morn
ing and two hours of fast exercise in
the gymnasium in the afternoon with
the bag, the skipping rope and In wres
tling with Rafael. When it was all
over Jimmy was in a healthy glow, and
after being rubbed down and cooled off
he withstood a battery of cameras for
ten minutes. To-day a large delega
tion of Britfs friends from the Olym
pic Club will make the pilgrimage
across the bay to feast their eyes on
Jimmy in action.
Corbett seemed to be. of the same
mind as Britt yesterday, as he did an
immense amount of wrestling with
Billy Otts. It was rough work, and
there were several butting matches in
which the heads of the athletes came
together hard. Otts came in head
down to save himself and on one oc
casion hurt Corbett, the knees of the
little champion shaking. under the im
pact.
That -Jimmy Brltt expects Young
Corbett to rough it in the clinches in
their coming contest within the roped
arena Is evident from the time the
Callfornian devotes to pulling and
pushing his trainers about in his pre
paratory work at Croll's Gardens in
Alameda. During the last week Britt
has done little sparring, but he has
hauled and hugged Spider Kelly and
Frank Rafael until they, imagined they
were in the. tentacles of an octopus. ,
Britt has observed his next oppo
nent in several fights and figures that
the tactics used by the Denver boxer
when fastened to his man are wearing
and Jimmy promises to checkmate such
usage If Young Corbett essays to try
it on him.
A. B. Swift Defeats Walter
Fairbanks by the Narrow
Margin of One Up in Final
Are Pulled and Hauled About
Until They See No Fun
in the Day's Proceedings
Talent Will Find It Hard to
Pick the Winners in To-
I)a y's Final Rounds of Stake
THE MATCH IS CLOSE
FEW SHORT ENDS LAND
THE TRAINEES SUFFER
Coursers at the Ingleside
Park Do Some Clever Work
in Chasing the Hares
Golfer From Chicago Wins
the Pacific Coast Cham
pionship at Los Angeles
Are Preparing Themselves
for Busy Times When; The} 7
Meet in the Roped Arena
FLEET HOUNDS
SHOW SPEED
RIVAL BOXERS
AT ROUGH WORK
ONWENTSIA MAN
IS VICTORIOUS
ON DIAMOND AND GOLF LINKS
IHE SAN FRANCISGOGALL,x SUNDAY. MARGHr 13, : 1904.
van of Boston was given the decision .
over Martin Duffy of this city at the I
end of six rounds to-night. The fight I
vraa fast throughout and at tho cloai
Sullivan had a slight margin. Xelthe*
man displayed cleverness.
37
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The porest and costliest
wihiskey dastSilSed, ....
¦¦destined to become tihe
Exclusive Whiskey
=0F THE
..American Home..
Qrommes <& Ullricih, Distillers,
Citaacago, iSL : —
SPOHN-PATRICK COMPANY,
. 400 BATTERY ST., S. F;
Telephone Main 536.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '\ ¦ ~" : ".- "¦¦ •...
Dr. Lawrence's Latest Improved Patented
;^S^ifH VACUUM DEVELOPER
; (SfccfyjKSStekX ¦] AND.; INVIGORATOR'
U ffl^^S 1 JlC/V^'* ffn^fas^k ¦'¦ \ ' ' Has to«en proven, by' thousands of
ilv*V/ JjfiM' \§^$^'lS$<t*miL% WEAK MEBT to be a perfect auc-
CCSSl U WlU lnstiU OBlQIWAi
QtAJvJ^' vigor and permanent vital
r- fi^^ strength. It COMPELS QBOWTB
¦ BEtffll l <|Lil and life. Over DO per cent of
» vfl I B HFrlSEisK&idl Ie^S WEAK MEN are otherwise
Si II ill {M?inb=a£kK4 33 if SO^X healthy.. This local exerciser im-
tZ Uilli m l ~rK^j^rr&ri " ."Tt P roves the circulation. Increases
S3 wL I CiWhT 1 ! 1 1 1 \ \\ «2*JJ[!i\5lJ tue nerve force, and makes men
HW I <<T5§SO \\W\l\tvi\\\l YOUNOBR by half their years.
: i I, 111 '^S^3! S 'WlWVXWWW Our treatment Is consistent: when
ffU'lfl J SvTcMlSM 'AWWWwlW. medicines are required we
*lfj_IH riUXXVyiMJii, giv« them. By our Modern
jg£*a -=-3-v* ::a %r — ?IJJL l!!J |^? g^BSSv- Methods we quickly cure Varl-
' Td^^jf! 55^^"^"^^ Decay', Prostatic Affections, etc!
We want ETEETWEAX MAW to call or write for our New. Copyrighted
;; Profusely Illustrated Book No. 6. for MX2K only, k Sent • SECT7BE1.T sealed! '
free." .Our Physicians are experienced* and 'strictly reliable specialists and
our fees less than one-half those of others. :Call on us and let us' demon-'
strate our , Improved . Methods. Treatment ciTtn on ten d »y«' y trl»l - mad . ApprovaL -
¦i;^^^^!!^!^!^ co>t 6 0>Farrel1 M,,,,i^^;£ii.,
• \ r y] ¦ advebtisemSsnts* •
¦ ¦¦- ¦'- -.-.^lv.v^--.-. ---..--- --i-.-i.itji, J tru l - l .-^-n.r^-.- l .-un.n.n.-^n!n.^. : i- : r.i^.ui-J-n--i-T-n-n.nn^.n^n-.-.i.-' --..¦.¦ *. ' -. ¦¦ - ..--¦- -l-_ _-. ¦- -- --.i.-.- - . .m..nji t i --.-,.
Si il /I ¦ ¦ ' O t\'\i i ¦'-•¦,- ' ,.' "~ ¦>.¦ ; ilHliK
' A flessagc to Hen Who Want Strength: «#^'
;WW^^i T HAVE perfected a new Belt, better and stronger than I have eyer made be- fLJ
* fore, a belt which will transfo:m the weakest, puniest specimen of "half jV Mjv
& lijIH^S^^ '-man" into a perfect cyclone of strength, and I want every man to use it I want §^^S
(ftHBr i^^^^^^^ a *. est case * T nere f°{ e » I offer J1000 in gold to any weak man who will use §lJ*
sW^k H^^H^^^l th * s unc * er mv direction for four months and then show by examination of |frnjr,
f }L an y reputable phys.cian that he is not cured, sound and welL 5^§fe
yW$-fcM«9H This is especially directed to men who have doctored for years without |T )|
> \Wt- (^ffi^SI^^S 11 •¦'"'' want men with Rheumatism, Pains in the Back, Weak Kidneys, jLj^j
fi^^S c^ a^ ca > Lumb go, Varicocele, Prostatic Trouble (I cure by a new method), Lo- (I fly
W X^BHHpgP^ comotor Ataxi : , Torpid Liver, Indigestion and Dyspepsia. Ail of these troubles $P**<&\
MftW n cnron^ c orm ¦'•' can cure with this new Belt, even after all other treatments |T jfi
' rHHBWi have failed. To every weak, debil.tated man wlio wears this new Belt I give %|mf#
Jf , my free electric suspensory for weak men. llui
Th^ s attachment is made for the purpose of treating all special ailments of men, and assures a cure of all waste of « l"H$\
\ HT strength, early decay and debility. Its current is invigorating and wonderful in power. ff
U HI I)-"' H you can call, come and see me," and I will show you my new Belt and prove to you that it is a wonderful device. *V M
3p^"H|« You can feel the glowing current of life that flows into the weakened nerves. I will show you letters from you own neigh- T'tlUlP'
jjT |; bors telling how I cured them. I have over 50,000 testimonials in the past 31 years. Ililll
/ itirffl? If you cant caU * write * an^ lvril1 send a book describing my new method, with letters from many grateful men and » jllllU
\ 111 I- women. If you write send this ad and I will send the book, sealed, free._Cut the ad out and act to-day. ly^^wl
Y \ NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES OR BY AGENTS. 11
i LJ DR. M. C. MCLAUGHLIN, 906 Market Street, Above Ellis, San Francisco, ifflf
# I II J| Office Hours: 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Snnaays, 10 to 1. Seattle Oflce. 105 Columbia St. Lc« Anreles. 129 South Spring- Street. | |1|]William Badger, a prominent Ma
son and a; trustee ' of " the" Mercantile'
Library, is very ill at his home at 1920
Sacramento streeL Mr. Badger is suf
fering from peritonitis and pneumo
nia.- . ...... ;.'; ...,;, ... >.-' ; . „ .
Suffers " From Severe" Illness.
Seven soldiers were arrested yester
day by Sergeant Brophy and his squad 1
from the North End police station for
"shooting craps." The men were
playing the game on Baker street,
near the , gates the -Presidio, when
they ¦ were charged • by the officers.
The boys in blue surrendered and were
bustled into the "hurry.-up." . :
Arrested for Gambling.
A number of the local fraternal as
sociations and friends ; are getting up
an entertainment to be given in Gold
en Gate Hall on the night of Thurs
day next, complimentary to Mrs.
Blanche Bouvier in recognition of her
services as reciter and dramatic art
ist at functions given by the associa
tions. ". The programme will be made
up of songs, dances, | monologues, spe
cialties and musical acts contributed
by Jennie Culeff, Bertha Tobias/Alice
Schlessinger, Myrtle Samuels, John T.
Gibson, Irene Schlessinger, Professor
D. Mansfield and Lillian Edgan There
will be as features the. singing of ; the
"Star-Spangled Banner" by the Misses
Ruth Williamson, Nellie \ Hadley.
Gwladys Bussell and Mabel Beaton: a
comedy by Messrs. Samuels, .William
son and Levy, assisted by the ; Misses
Zela Henry, Florence' Harvey and J.
Levy, and a farce by. Blanche Bbiivier
and Edward^ B. Moss. .'
Complimentary Entertainment.
The United States Civil Service
Commission -announces- that the fol
lowing 1 examination will be held : at
San Francisco, Fresno, Marysville and
Los Angeles April 6:-Inapector of tex
tile fabrics in the quartermaster's de
partment at large, salary $1400 a year,
age limit, 20 years or over; April 19,
heating and ventilating 1 , draughtsman,
supervising architect's office, Treasury
Department, salary $1200 a year, age
iimit, 20 years or over; April 19, man
ual training teacher, Indian service,
age limit. 20 years or over/ Apply to
the United States Civil Service.Com
mfssion, Washington^ D. C, or to the
secretary of the Consolidated Board
of Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jack
son street, San Francisco, for - appli
cation form 1312, which should be
properly executed and - filed with the
commission at Washington.
Teachers and Inspectors Wanted.
In accordance with instructions re
ceived from the Attorney General at
Washington. .D.C., United. States Dis
trict Attorney -Wood worth -•yesterday
promoted Second Assistant ¦ United
States District Attorney Duncan E.
McKinlay to the position made vacant
hy the death of First Assistant Ed
ward J.'Banninsr. : j . -
Third . Assistant Ben L. MCKinley
has been promoted to be second as
sistant. Charles M. Fickert, who has
been appointed temporarily at the re
quest of the Attorney General, will
fill the position of third assistant va
cated by Mr. McKinley.
By Request of the Attorney General
He Is Now First Assistant, Vice '
Bannhigr, I)ecea>cd. .;
DUNCAN E. McKlNLAY
PROMOTED IN OFFICE
Bliss, M. JlothFchiJd, Aider) . Anderson, XV. A.
Gray. C. A. Woodruff. J. O. Uhitwm. \V. ' M.
Outer. C. S. Benedict. K. A. Kftthley. Jull»»
Jeootiji. C. K. \\>stpha1. Ceorgt F. Hattnn, E.
Ha. had, J. S. f'uUer. A. O. nurnKt. - Frank
Av I^aelK W. N. T'.runt, A. Hochelmer.
(Horse M. Wil.-ox. N. J. Brittan.. Harold
T. I'owcr. \V. n. 1>nnlfori, L. A..FteiK*r, II.
«I. W. Dlhkelrj.Iol. G. A. DaUKh»rty, T. II.
t?<>l\aRC. J. U. Gillie. Joseph StetflnB. W. Tlr-
r"isbuti;er. S. E. Kladn A. W. Scott. C. E.
Hale. n. E. Dcmlrif, H. I>. II. White. A. L.
VndfTwood. T. V. Halsey. F. H. Kerrigan, R.
Wlenek*. F. II. Meyer, A. C. Bates, H A
Powell, W. J. Martin. K. C. Ilayos, J« O
JIayea,«J.; nruFj*, J. XJilroartin. "R. C-Klch
ardpon. J. H. St>eck. Walter Evpr«on. TV J.
Kirk. E. ninkclKpiel. F. K. Perkins. Lieuten
ant Howard. Meut^nsnt KlPzn*^klcut. Cap
tain Kaff to. W. J. Herrln. E. P. CoUran. N.
J. Tharp. ,O. ». L,akens. W. W. Shannon. <\
M. Ellcot. F. S. Short. Adam Andrew Jamrs
WHkoti. W. M. FJsh*r, K. C. Merritt. Henry
Jj/Cmcktr. W. F. MpN'utt. C, M. Belfhaw.
ThcmaB V. Ohtor, U..T. Cole. F. O.' fianborn,
II. I. Kowalnky. C. L. FI"W. C. M. K^niston.
<". F. L«c*y. L". Grttthw*!!. Jule« Clerfayt.
Thomas Flint Jr.. R. N. ; Biilla, T.'Hui?hf«. C
A. t : wisler. James K6lph Jr.. William Wolff.
.1. Whlttaker. D. H.* McKwen. H. . Baehr,
Gw>rgf Stone. II. - I^nveland, \V. K. Webb. M.
H. Cook. J. S. Steppacher." Earl Rogers, J. R.
Patton. J. Dean, D. Rich. W. Sexton, N. P.
Chipman. K. H. Tryon; J.'B. Smith, F. D.
ny»n. W. Corlett. Henrr Ach. J. W. McKin
»">•. W. P.'Lyon, Dr. E. E. Stone and N. I>.
R!tJe»ut. ' • : . - -
SOLUTION OF LABOR
QUESTION TO BE SUBJECT
Will EXprcss Views in 'Series of
Free Lectures.-
National Industrial- Pence Associntion
The National Industrial Peace As
sociation . will inaugurate a series of
free lectures, the first to be given in
Golden Gate Hall on Tuesday. March
15, at 8 p, m. The subject on these
occasions will be- "Industrial Peace,
Arbitration and Conciliation."
M. J._ Keller will act as chairman
and addreses will be ma.de by Rabbi
Voorsanger, Judge S. C. Denson, Hon.
F. H. Gould and Charles A. Sweigert.
At the meeting of the association held
on last Wednesday P. II. Scullin/ the
secretary, reported that he had pre
pared for free distribution 2000 pam
phlets on the labor question, showing
the loss entailed through strikes and
lockouts and also a copy of the Scul
lin arbitration and conciliation bill for
the settlement of labor disputes. Fol
lowing are the officer** of the associa
tion: George H. Foulks, president;
M. J. Keller, first vice president: Dr.
C- C. Baker, second vice president;
General Theodore Reichert, treasurer,
and P. H.Scullin, secretary and man
ager.
CALEDONIANS PREPARING
FOR THE ANNUAL GAMES
Committee Appointed by Club Meets
and Discusses* Several Xew nn«l
Attractive Featui-cs. >
The Caledonian Club has already
commenced the work of preparing for
the annual gathering and games to be
held at Shell Mound Park on Monday,
May 30. * At the last meeting of the
club a committee on. games was ap
pointed, consisting of Chief A. M. Mac
pherson, First Chieftain S. McGregor,
Second Chieftain F. r. Finlay. Third
Chieftain James , H. Duncnn, Fourth
Chieftain J. ; \V. Cameron, Dr. J. A. J.
McDonald, Angus McLeod, William
Mitchell, Richard Gratte, James Gorie,
Charles A. MoPhee, Peter Mclntyre,
D. D.McRae, D. J. McFarlfxne.Avalter
Reed, J. E. MacCormac, J. M. Duncan
and \V. P. Granj.
•The games committee held its first
meeting yesterday and discussed a
number of ne\v and attractive features
for the sports and dancing contests,
which will be decided upon later. Each
member promised to devote all of his
energies to make this annual gather
ing the most' successful in the history
of the club.
Ffi-c Chief Given V acatlon.
D'. T. Sullivan, . Chief of the Fire
Department of this citj', was yesterday
granted a leave of absence for six
months by the Board of Fire Commis-
Fioners. A feW months ago Chief Sul
livan went East to attend the con
vention | of chief ehgineere in St. Louis
and since that time has been in poor
health. The Commissioners expressed
their hope-that he would be fully re
covered at' the end of his vacation.
.Cultivate the habit of saying pleas
ant: things; you can do this without
being insincere: If you look for it
there is something good in every one.
Continued IVom Page 35, Column 3.
This pnded the work of the meet
ing and a motion to adjourn was car
ried.
n<«*oiveJ. In accord with the sentiment of
the K.-i'Ub'icsn Ktate Committee -of his natixt
State of New Turk, thie committed hereby de
cUre\ Us unfaJtf-rint: loyalty and dsvcUoa <o
President TlMVjdore Kooeevelt. As the orfani
r.n.:i< n reftpwwntinff his party in this .^tat**.
we «rc crateful lor his devotion to Repub
lican prinotpW; we take fride in his cxalt
«^1 Hwlf of citizen*liir>: »«• arolaim the hljrh
rt«ttstn«nsh!p of h!s «<lminlytration: we ad
mire the oar^r of « leader whom cunning can
not tWezt. flatten' cannot t-ajole and power
iainnf't cofrcf. No Fchemins :,f <-ralt jnv
•••her* shall d«/>«t ovr hor>e that h* will lip
T»nr.rnln»t»-<1 mi<1 that he will t>e. triumphantly
electro Prwfdent of tWii nation. \\> rfw.n!
nwn<l that the coining State convention pleclK:
it* delfjratl'm to the natlcnai convention to
•use all honorsbie catfeavcr to secure his notn-
Iration • *
loud un<t long, and they were equaled
by tJioso uhich followed the .conclu
sion of Davis' reading. Voorhirs of
Aniador mnved the adoption of the
resolution and his motion was carried
with 'a shout of unanimous approval.
The resolution follows:
Continued From Pn«:c 35, - Column 7.
REPUBLICANS OF THE STAU MtEl
REPUBLICANS AT BANQUET BOARD
Dr. Morgan will . speak at the First
Congregational Church, Post^.and
Mason streets, this evening before a
large congregation, consisting of mem
bers of oil denominations arid their
clergymen. ¦• •
The Rev. G. Campbell Morgan, suc
cessor to the late D wight L. Moody in
the great educational work at North
field, Mass., arrived here- yesterday
morning and delivered last evening
the first of a series of special sermons
that will last throughout this week.
The sneaker used for his subject
last evening Matthew xi, 28 and 30:
"Come unto me, all ;-e that labor and
are heavy laden, and I will give you
rest. . For my yoke is • easy and my
burden is light." '.
Successor to ; Lntc Dwiglit L. Moody
Will Hold Services Throughout
This Week.
NEW TOBK, March 12. — Mint. Adeltna
Pattl sailed for England to-day en the steamer
I.urania. . . -.'.TT-V
Colombia, exclusive of Panama, is as
large as the two. States of California
and Texas combined. Three high moun
tain ranges cross the republic from
north to south, making high tablelands
between, where, .the days the year
round are scarcely hotter # than those of
a temperate zone.
James \V. Desbrow, while a passen
ger on a Jones-street car, was badly
injured. by being crushed between the
car 6n which he was riding and an
Ellis-street car, sued the California
Street Cable Railroad Company yester
day for 554 85. The accident occurred
in March, 1902, and. according to the
plaintiff, was due to the carelessness of
the conductor of the Jones-street car.
CoIILsiou Causes DmiiagQ Suit.
A man giving the name of Edward
O'Brien was arrested early yesterday
morning on suspicion "of having been
connected with the hold-up Friday
night at the saloon of Edward Ringa
tit 2862 Mission street.
Jiissicn Suspect Is Arrested.
In the terrific storm of Wednesday
night, the Maria -Kip Orphanage suf
fered a severe loss .in the total de
struction of the handsome chapel
window. The window was a memo
rial, one of stained glass, and cost
$300. The managers of the orphan
age are .much concerned over the loss,
as they feel their inability to prompt
ly replace this costly window, which
was a beautiful ornament to their
pretty chapel.
Chapel ' Window Destroyed.
German Rcbckah Entcrtuinnicnt.
Xext Saturday evening "Walhalla
Rebekah Lodge of the I. O. O. F.. the
German branch In this city of the or
der, will give an entertainment and
dance to its friends in its lodgeroom
in the Odd Fellows* building. Annie
Rieger. Frieda Petersen. Bertha Proll
and Emma Greninger have been ap
pointed a committee to arrange tha
details of the affair.
CAMPIJKI.I/ MOKGAN' SPEAKS
AT CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH
Governor and* Mrs.: pardsc are at
the Palace. • ••.>-/ -./-,•;>?.. fj^-^ Kn*J /.
% Attorney Frank Short of •.Fresno is
at the Palace. ¦-' ? .*>"!<> • : ."
; Dr. "and Mrs. Kfrriei* Stbhe of Napa
.ire :xt the Palace. -' ' '"v
• Dv. F. 0. Cobb and xvite of Portland
are at the Occidental. '
Judgre J. T\ r . McKinley of Los' An
geles is at the Palace. . ' '."V *. '
G. /Campbell' Morgan, a prominent
English evangelist, arrived at' the Oc
cidental yesterday.
..George \V. Cnxter., former Governor
of . Montana and now engaged in the
mining business^ arrived from the
East yesterday and is registered at the
Palace.
William F, Ilcrrin, chief counsel of
the Southern Paciilc Company, who
returned- from the ' East three: days
ago, is confined to his home with a
serious cold developed during his trip
across the continent.
.Dr. J. F. Jones of. Grass Valley is at
the L.ick. = ..;.. ,, , ,, ,^. , . C .
l'EHSONAl..
The Free Speech and Defense
League held a meetin-j last night at
915},-j Market street arid adopted the
following resolutions:
¦\Vliereas, The Hoard of Supervisors has un-
U#r tanalileratlon a proposed ordinance which
la designated to suppress free, sptecli anJ whol
ly destroy the "right 'of frte peaceable ai>sem
blaice o;i the streets in the central part ot tbe
cily of San Francisco; and, "¦ -
Whereas. The police *nd city officials are
unutr tin? present •¦ruiiiam • s pt, »« s -fo n full
and ample fnwer to suppress any detnonstni
tlon it H -disorderly or UnlawTul character;
therefore, with these ' facts - In view, it is by
the Free Speech Deicn^c League of San Fran
c!m« in mass ¦ mrctlnR ar^mbl^d herby
Reeeivod. That we i>roU-st aKRinrt any ef
fort • to abridge free' ?i>eech as detrimental to
the interest of trn«i democracy and dangerous
to the liberties t3f tho people; and that we most
viRorously and emphatically protest against the'
passage of any ordinance or ordinances deny
ing: to our citizens the right of peaceabla as
semblage In our public streets. . • ;
We ure une»mi)roinisinsly upposed to any at
ttmpt to : resulate by license or -otherwiyn
ihese liberties which liave been enjoyed by
the citizens of this municipality for half a
century. We therefore oppose the- passage
~or-the profowl ordinance submitted' by Chkf
of Police Whatman to the Hoard of Super
visors, or any similar legislation, believing It
to be In dlreotTfsmtradictlon to the spirit and
letter, of the Declaration of -Independence and
the national and/State -constitutions. . -.
Free SiK?ech and' Defense league Op
fKJse Measure to Stop Street
; Orators From Talking.
CONDEMN NEW OUDIXAXCE
BEFOIUG THE SUl'EUVISOKS
The Chinese, after emptying his re
volver, thinking: that there was still
one chamber loaded, pointed it at his
own head, but it failed to discharge,
he having in his excitement emptied
it. He was immediately placed under
arrest and taken to jail:- ¦ Soorr after
ward he Imnged himself by a large
silk handkerchief which he had worn
around his neck. When his room Was
la tor searched a large dynamite bomb,
fully loaded and fused, . was -found in
his trunk. What he intended doing
with it 13 not* known". ¦ '.'¦'¦ ' '¦ '
Three shots took effect.' The .woman
was Immediately taken to her. home
and physiciun3 were summoned, t To
night she is resting easily, .with a
chutice of recovery. - 1 '' '¦ ¦ . -
BEXICIA. March 12.— This city was
thrown into a state of excitement
shortly after 3 o'clock this afternoon
by the shooting, of a woman named
Mrs. Johnson by a '. Chinaman. At that
hour, five shots rangr but in quick suc
cession and in a few minutes the street
in the vicinity of th'e shooting was
crowded 'with people, producing -a
scene . of' great excitement,* mingled
with cries of "Lynch him,"- "Hang
him,"-' etc.-'. - ' "".•• -
The cause! that led to the shooting
is not- known, but the Chinaman was
heard on different occasions to threaten
the woman's life. This afternoon the
Chinaman, .whose name is Ah 'Sick,
met Mrs. Joljnson on the corner of
First and H streets, in th£ center of the
business, i>nrt of town, 'and wheii only
a few feet away and without a word
of warning lired five shols-at her from
a revolver concealed - in his. coat
pocket. ¦• \. ¦¦ ¦ : *
Social Dlrpatch to The Call.
A mob gathered at the Goldfleld jail
to lynch the murderer .. Officers smug
gled him away and he is now on the
way to Tonepah. A citizens* posse is
in pursuit. If Kepler is overtaken he
will be lynched. •
RENO. -Xev." March^l2.— The Gold
fleld and Tonopah mining districts are
wildly excited over a 'shooting affray
at Goldfleld this afternoon. •
A NorthAyestefn man named Joseph
Kepler ran amuck in- a* saloon at Gold
field. He drew a revolver, and started
to shoot up the place. Muff Maher.^a
well known rfiining man, knocked Kep
ler . down and took his pisto-1 away.
Kepler, left, but; returned in a few mo
ments with anothr pistol. He opened
fire, shooting Maher through the arm
and breast. Maher wiil die. \%
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Officers Hurry t6 Tonopah
With Their -Captive, but
They May Be Overtaken
by the Wsse of Pursuers
Excited Citizens Clamor for
tlm iife of a- Celestml
Wli(v Fired Bullets, at One
of the Town's Residents
TOWN IS STAETLED
BY SOUNDS OF SHOTS
MINING MAN FALLS
IN THE GUN FIGHT
Shooting, in a> Nevada' Toto
Arouses the Wrath of Citi
i zens and a Lynching May
5 Be the Eesult of the^Affair
Sensational Shooting on a
Street in Benicia Is Fol
lowed by * the Suicide
of Would-Be Murderer
CHINESE
WOUNDS
A WOMAN
MOB RACES
AFTER THE
PRISONER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIJ, SUNDAY. MARCH 13, .1004.
38
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
On account of one month's steady rain. We
must set] our goods below manufacturers* cost.
We will mention a few items in Xew Spring Suits, Jack-
ets, Skirts and Children's Coats.
Great variety of Sample Suits, in black, blue and mixtures,
at $15- Positively worth $27.50.
New Eton Effect Suits, with kilt skirt, neatly trimmed, latest
• shade brown, $1 8-50- Positively worth $30.
. New Eton Suits, silk belts, elegantly trimmed, in black, blue,
brown and fine mixtures, $20- Positively worth $35.
New style Covert Jackets, richly lined with silk, $7.50,
$850, $10, $12-50.
:' * Large assortment of newest Etamine and .Crepe de
Chine Dress Skirts from $7.50 to $35.00.
OUR GARMENTS ARE 33 PER CENT CHEAPER
THAN THOSE SHOWN ELSEWHERE BECAUSE WE
ARE MANUFACTURERS.
ly^**^ Wholesale Manufacturers
f^ 1 1 42- 1 i 46 Market Street.
The Star Article of tl^c
' Year.
INDIANS OF YOSEMITE.
: By Galen Clark.
Guardian of .the Valley
for 26 Years.:
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
¦ ¦ . ¦ . .. : ¦ , xc 2™-!JL£~AKlB5?&~— s~ _— — — — ~-~ — - ~
SO-toch Oriental _ _ ' ICE WOOL
Strioed Tanestrv A\\ Ci? • . SHOULDER CAPES
Couch Coversi etc. ¦¦ ¦¦••¦¦• ¦* » £r-**IL- * *~ — M-in^-m-»^«
. worth50c.it Kearny and Sutter Sts. : Han< imzdz
35c Yard. $1>25 tacn *
f MAIL ORDER Our Handsomely lUustrated Catalogue wUh Latest Spring and Summer Styles, b
PATRONS...... now ready. Send us Your Name and Address, and we will Mail You a Copy FREE
cA Magnificent Easter Display and Sale To-morrow of (.K^my'st)
g Ladies' Fashionable Waists (
Here are all the smart, charming creations — beautifully tucked, and trimmed with laces,
embroideries^ drawn work, etc.— Waists suitable for street, calling and theatre wear. To make our
Easter display doubly interesting we present for to-morrow these highly attractive values in
FINE JAPANESE SILK WAISTS
White Japanese Silk Waists, in entirely new effects, White Japanese Silk Waists, made with full front and
trimmed with lace insertion, and tucks, latest co ,-- new sleeves; front prettily trimmed with lace q«
style sleeves— exceptionally good value at.. «pZ.(O insertion and tucks; special at «p-r.w
Japanese Silk Waists, white or black— finely tailor-made, Handsome Waists of fine quality Japanese Silk, with tucked
with wide tucks front and back; very stylish ** ~ A yoke, trimmed with Irish point lace, large full *g *^
and splendid value at. $-i.3U < sleeves daintily tucked ; excellent value, aft.. <yJ»vu
The New Gloves Have Arrived (2|?sb
The qualities-and brands are all of the best— have been tried and tested by years of experience.
The. new shades are all here and you'll likely find just v/hat you want to wear with your Easter
gown. Wejnention three styles much asked for:
i The MENL.6 — A one-clasp Pique The REYNIER— A three-clasp Suede Tho TREFOUSSE — A t wo-c!asp
Kid Glove, with Paris point embroid- Glove; tine quality for street or eve- Suede Glove of the very finest make —
ery, in white and all colors; special at ning wear — all coiors shades to match any gown
$1.00 Pair. $1.50 Pair. $2.00 Pair.
¦ We Fit and Guarantee Every Pair of Gloves Sold by Us.
Handsome Silks For Easter (S^o
No such exhibit of Novelties has ever appeared in our Silk Department, brought out specially
for the coming Easter. There are Silks in checks, stripes, dots and neat figured effects, in
bewitching hues and combinations that are now in fashion's highest favor for Gowns. Monday
we offar special:
Fancy Figured Taffetas and Louisines? . tlAA *1 1Z v a
Fancy Peau de Soie and Chiffon Satins \ At W-W and W.Z3 Yard
Pretty Ribbons For Easter (2S£f|
ALL BOWS MADE GRATIS
Silk Taffeta Ribbons — 3)^ inches wide — all colors Beautiful Novelty Ribbons — all silk — 3?/ inches wide
Including black and white — suitable for trimming hats, —exquisite Dresden designs, in white, cream, pink, blue,
and costumes— idral for neckwear and girdles • 1f - • maise.nile, cardinal, brown and black— real value --
— on sale to-morrow at, per yard .,.:;. rlOC 35c and 40c yard— special Monday at
Sale of Hand Bags at $1.00 C^Ssa
Even $2.00 would be a reasdnable price for these handsome Bags, but they were sold to. us at
half-price, and at half-price we place them on sale. They are made of fine "walrus leather, with
flexible leather handles, in black, tan and brown— pockets, on the inside contain
cologne bottle, card case and purse — ¦ made good and strong with nickel, gun metal Q t C\C\
or gilt frarnco. Your choice to-morrow *p > •\J\J
'. Carpet Art Squares Sofa Cushions .— 75c
(Second Floor Sutter St.) (Second Floor Kearny St.)
We place on sale Monday a specirl .lot of Carpet A special Cushion purchase goes on sale Monday In
Squares — size 9x12 feet— that can be used upon..th£ our Art Department. They are entirely new goods, all
floor in any part of the house, .especially in the dininjj. finished and ready for use. Made" of fine quality Art
room-as a crumb cloth. Thcvare extra heavy and in Drill with pretty tinted Wild Rose, Corn Flower, Mar-
the most serviceable colors. Sale price - *: ¦ ' feuerite, Poppy and Pansy designs. Sale price, while
-.;.-¦; $3.9aEach. :, theybst, 75c.Eack. ' j
; ADVERTISEMENTS. ... ,
WORTH OFFURNITUReM
AfiD CARPETS m
W WORTH OF P^
WFURNTUREAHD J
\CARPEHPS FOR J
|.,v.'T\'f. : ; T >»'>,' Made up of
¦ IJ I f » %^ 1 remnants. 1
H Velvets,. . Axmihster. _^ . .,
M Tapestry. A variety of |IC/»
ij designs. Special >^*^W
H Complete home : furnishers — hotels,
[JP^ Cats or country homes.
ftmuuMn
A D VERTISEMENTS.
Your Spring Suit
ready for you with a [
fine line pt new spring suitings. B
Ixits of beautiful and attractive fi
i patterns to select from. fi
I Furthermore, our tailoring is I
the satisfactory kind. We tr.owB
how to make tbe ilgure look cor- B
rcctly dressed. g
•<hir-|l-« Week -Plan enables Q
you to wear properly made 9
clothes all the time. J . B
Better come In and order lm- B
fcediately. ; . ' ''- o
A. B. SMITH CO. I
I 128-132 ELLIS ST., j
lltrt TtwtU St , Ban Friaeiiee. I
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And ail other factal blemishet are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. : W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
boUdinr. 1170 Market ctreet. cor. Taylor, room*
S&-29, wlOtbc «]ectric ne«d]e. without pain or
•car; penuaoescy xuaranteed; iour» 1 to 4 p.m. -
" - ¦ " • AD VZKTISEMEHT&. --....-. -....-- -..,.- .
Mrs., Rosa Adams, niece of the late General
Roger Hanson, C. S. A., wants every woman
to know of the wonders accomplished by
Lydia E* Pinkham's V^etable Compound*
" Dear Mks. PncxHA.11 : — I cannot tell you with pen and ink what good
X,ydia E. Pinlchaut's Vegetable Compound did for me, suffering- from
the ills peculiar to the sex, extreme lassitude and that all gone feeling. I
•woulrl rise from xny bed in the morning feeling more tired than when I went
to bed. but before I had used two bottles of Lydia E. PUikham's Vege-
table Compound, I began to feel the buoyancy of my younger days return-
ing, became regular, could do more: work and not feel tired than I had ever
been able to do before, so I continued to use it until I was restored to perfect
health. It is indeed a boon to sick women and I heartily recommend it.
Yours very truly, Mus. Eosi. Adams, 819 12th St., Louisville, Xv."
j$Mz&!&. Any women who are troubled with ir-
lUP^frL regxUar or painful menstruation, vreak-
yKa^ll^^^uk. ae ss, lcucorrhoea, displacement or ulccr-
0&&^*r^$M$W^ ation of tho womli, that- T>enrinK--clown
i^^^lS^^ :^ &+k ' ec^ n ? r » inflammation of tbe ovaries, back-
a|>^'^ s^«^|^ ache, general debility, and nervous pros-
$*$& s$ -»*• t^P Hi" " trution, ' should, know there in one tried
i^^§*^»J^i^« O an< * true remedy, L.ydla E. Plnkham's
B$&£2 & |ja|||5^ WjSm Vegetable Componiid. Jfo other medicine
j^^S^^^^lS^a orwomen * iaS r<?< - c ' v °d such wide-spread
$M*iu *' A^«T^^w|^^ an<^ unqualified indnrsement. No other
n^^^^'lv^^^P medicine lias such a record of female cures.
&&3 " rE>n "Jr.s. Pjxkh.am: — I am very pleased
w mfl to rwfn ' meDd Lydia E. Pinkhain's vcire-
fi^S^*"*"\ V n'5'\^' <a!>lc Compound for womb-end ovarian difilcul-
E&fjBsl? *6li'^^'''-ik Sw t ' es rom w n ' 1 a J have been a sufferer for years. It
BS^^^icJiipJi* -4 A I W Tras c cn^ rne^ 5 " ne w hi«h was at all beneficial,
V^^'^ nru^ w ' t^^ n a wce^ after I ttarK^d to use it, there
iMS^^-*^ as a . tt 1^ 8^ charge in my feelings and looks. I
used it fora little over three months, and at the
\&CSt^**S ! -r0^1\^^'^/ en^ °' tnaLt time I suffered 110 pein at tbe menstrual
\jffi&£*'F:jj&jf&r period, nor v:as I troubled with tho^e distressing
>^^^*>^'^^ pains which compelled me to go to bed, and I have
not had a headache since. This is nearly a year
ago. ' I always keep a bottle en hand, and take a
ttrr doses every week, for I find that it 'tones up the system and keeps m©
feeling- Etrons", and I never have that t: red out feeling any more.---- : "•-. • V-'..
"I certainly think that every woman ought to try this grand medicine,
for it would prove its worth. Yours very truly, Miss Elsie Dasfo3T8, 203
i)e Soto St., Meaplrs, Tenn."
FREE ?.IEI>ICAIi ADVICE TO WOBrEUT.
I>on't hesitate to write to 3Irs. Pinkham. She \rill understand
~our case perfectly, and will treat you wit!i kindness. Her advioo
is free* and the address is Lynn, Mass. >"o woman over regretted
having written her, and she has helped thousands.
Sr C\ fi f\ FORFEIT if *"• cannot forthwith produce the original letters sad «lgnatTU-ei ol
*2 \ I M I 8 **>cte U«L-aonI*l*, which trill pror«s their *b«ftlut<» crnninenens.
V U y U l*idl* £. PinkhAiu Mod. Co., Lynn, Hut.The will of William H. Pattern was
filed - for probate yesterday. It dis
poses of "an estate worth more than
$10,000. The" estate is left to the
Union Trust Company, with directions
that it shall be held in trust until the
youngest of th*' testator's four chil
dren shall reach the age of 25 years.
Until this time arrives Margaret Pat
ton, widow, of the decedent, is to re
ceive one-third of the income and such
portion; of the balance as. is necessary
to be , used to educate the children.
Ultimately the children are' to receive
the entire estate.
Patton's Will Is Filed.
Services at the churches this day
are as follows: v
Grace M. E.— Morning:, "A Parable of Judg
ment": evening-. "A City Official." Pastor,
Rev. F. M. Larkin.
California-street M. E. — Morning. "Our
Fathir": evening. "The Gospel of Happiness."
Pastor. Rev. Clarence Reed.
Central M. E. — Morning, preaching by pas
tor: evening, same. Pastor. Rev. Georsa W.
White.
First M. K.— Evening. "Destiny en a
Pivot." Pastor. Rev. E. F. Erown.
Richxrond M. E.— Morning, "John and
Herod; the l»lfe and Influence of Each": even
ing. "Friends and Enemies." Pastor, Rev. E.
D. Raley.
Simpyon Memorial M. E. — Morning "The
L*ast in the Kingdom": evening, "Better
Than the tJoiden Touch." Pastor, Rev. John
Stephens.
Trinity M. E. — Morning. "The One Remedy
for a Ruined World"; evening "Lessons From
tho Life of St. Patrick, the Irish Apostle."
Pastor. R<?v. John A. E. Wilson.
First English Lutheran — Morning, "Tho Lay
Preacher of Gadara.." Pastor, Rev. E. Ne
lander.
Rev. Joseph l*indry will preach at
the 10:30 o'clock mass in St. Igrna
tius Church this mornlngr. In th*
evening Rev. Joseph Sardi will de
liver the discourse.
At the devotions of the CalvarKn
Society this afternoon Most Rev.
George Montgomery will deliver the
sermon. His subject is "Jesus and
His Mother." There will also be 'the
"Way of the Cross and Benediction."
The services will commence at 3
o'clock. ,
At the 11 o'clock mass this morning
in St. Mary's (Paulist) Church Father
Woodman v.ill deliver the fourth ser
mon cf his course, "The Aspirations
of the Sou!." ' • .
Rev. Father Harvey will preach at
the Holy Cross Church this evening
on "Man's Sinfulness."
Bishop Nichols will confirm. a -class
at St. Paul's Church this morning at
10:30.
Devote the Day to Sermons
and Prayer.
Pastors of Houses of -Worship Will
REGUIvAR SUNDAY SEJiVICES
AT THE CITY'S CHURCHES
The talent secured for the evening
performance at the Mechanics' Pavilion
is of the highest order, and therefore
The coming celebration of St. Pat
rick's day in this city promises to be
one of the" most interesting and enter
taining that has ever taken place here
in 'honor of Erin's patron saint. The
programme that has been arranged by
the executive committee is .a varied
one, and while not long fits the occa
sion admirably. * .
There will be a wide departure from
religious services this year. The com
mittee decided to hold a celebration of
mirth and merriment, and allow the
Irish people to observe the religious
part of the occasion aa they saw fit.
Nor v.ill there be any official oration at
the exercises. Michael Casey, chairman
of the evening, will say a few words,
and that will be all.
Bert Murphy, a singer of national
reputation, will render some old Irish
melodies during the evening entertain
ment at the Pavilion. Mr. Murphy ar
rived in this city from the East a short
time ago and since has been prominent
ly identified with, all the well-known
Irish societies and clubs.
the programme should prove to be ar
tistic as well as interesting. .It contains
six numbers, and all those who are to
appear are well known In this city and
elsewhere as entertainers of ability.
One of the features of the programme
to be srlven at the Presidio grounds in
the afternoon is the fancy Irish dances
by the well-known Instructor, John J.
O'Connor. -O'Connor is a member of the
Ancient Order of Hibernians, Knlghta
of the Red Branch, Gaelic Dancing
School and a prominent athlete. He
will. entertain the audience with some
novel Irish ster>s and will appear in
costume.
TWO PROMINENT ENTERTAINERS WHO WILO APPEAR AT ST.
PATRICK'S DA,Y EXERCISES. WHICH WILL BE HELD ON THE
AFTERNOON AND EVENING OF MARCH 17.
John J. O'Connor and Bert Murphy, Entertainers
of Renown, Will Lend Their Services for the
Occasion— Religious Exercises Are Abandoned
ARTISTIC PROGRAMME ARRANGED
IN HONOR OF IRELAND'S SAINT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; MARCH 13." 1905.
39
. "A i friend In need is a friend j •
indeed." Our MOXEY TO
LOAN column may be classed
as such.
CALIFORNIA I
LIWIITED TO CHICAGO §
LEAVES DAILY |
at 0:30 a. m, thronarli in 3 days, H
with diner and all traoolnrB. «
Other Saata Fe Trains:
«-S0 I' ntl fcr sto< ' Jfton - fr«no. Eakerefleld
8:00 p! m. J Merced. Hanford and Visalia.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
S:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET CPriCES— €41 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 2f South Firit St..
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE -
UM FEAKGIsfr) W «uHTH PAGiriJ
2AI2i-KrA-5r OOSIPAHT.
Tlburoa I'erry. root of Market Street.
3A2T FltlNCIECO TO SAW RAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:S0. 9:00, 11:00 a. in.; 12:35.
3:C0. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
ha turds ys— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:^0 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30.
3:M. 5:00. C:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAir r-AFASL ?o SAzr rsAiicisco.
WEEK DAYS — C:Of.. 7::y>. 7:50. 8:20, 11:15
a. tn.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:u5 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:10, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
S:i(}. 4:.%3. 5:C5. C:2j p. m.
Leave I In Effect j Arri\"e
San Francisco. i Sept. C7. 1003. |San Francisco.
Week ! Sun- j Dcstina- j Sun- I Week
Days. I days, j tion. [ days, j Days.
7:30 a 1 K:(X) a 8:10a 8:40a
»::«« Ignacio 10:40 a 10:20 a
Z.r.Opt :i:30i> 6:05 1% 6:20 p
3:10 pj 5:00 p| !_ 7:33 Pl
7:00 »( I ¦•--- 1 0:10a |-g :40a
I 8:roa Novato, 10:40 ail0:20 a
3:"0 p| 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p <i:20 p
5:10p.3:30p and 7:35p
I 5:0<>pl Sanu Rcsa. |
7:50aj 10:40 ajl0:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 pl B:20 p
3-^0 p[ 3:30 p j
j Windsor.
7-G0a! 8:00 a Hcaldsburg. 10:40 a 10:20a
i Lyttcn,
C;COp 3:S0p Gc-yeen-llle, 7:S5p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:S0a|8:C0a Ho; land 10:40 a 10:20 a
U:00pJ3:30p and Ukiah. j 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a! S:0«a| Wtlllts. | 7:35 pl C:2O y
7:30 a j 8:00~aj 110:40 aToT2o"a
3:30 p| 3:30 pf Guern?ville, |7:35p 6:2op
7:30 a| S:00a| Sonoma. I 0:10 al S:40a
5:i'»p; 5:00 p| Clan Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:3Oa;8:00al |10:40 a!10:2o a
3:30 p| 3:20 pl EebcstopoJ. | 7:35 pi 6 :20 p
STAGES connect ct CS:«s Drae fr,r San
Cut-utJr; u.1 s^anta Ho^a for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
J^prinss; at Lylton for I^ytton Springs; at Gey-
KervUl* for Sksifires Spfincs: at '^loverfale' for
tJji Grysers. Coon^vllle ami Greenwood: at
lioplaxd for Duncan Springs. Illsbl.iuil Springs.
Kelseyvlllc. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. I^ake-
port and Jiartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
gprloCSi Saratora Hprinss, Blue I^akes, Laurel
Ix!l Lake. W.ttir Sprlngrs, Upper L^ke. Ponio,
Totter Vsltejr; John Day's. Kiversjde, L.ierly"«.
Uut-knella, Sanhedrin Heiehts. Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot Sprlnps. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bra«s.
Westnort, Usal: at Willits for Fort Bragg,
\Vesti>ort. Shex-wocd. Cahto. Covelo. t«.yton-
vtUo. <.*ummlncF, Bell's Sprinss. Harris, Ol-
sen'a. Dysr, Garben-Ule. Tepperwood, Scotia
a no BCKkJU
fatuiday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
tiuceJ rates.
On Sunday round-triD tickets to all points
beyond San Kafael at half rates.
Tickft oCflcM. C30 Market street. Chronicle
If. C.' WHITIKG. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. iiai:a;er. Gen. Pass. Agt.
•'^P^Fi^iil TOSANRAFAEL,
•R*H3<&wEl@l ROSS VALLEY,
:^P^^ MILL VALLEY',
0^^M CAZADERO, Etc.
J KjSi*fa5at&'4t?rs^2 Via Eauaalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gnuge Klectrlc —
l>«part ironi fan Francist-o Daily 7:ito, S:00,
0:00, 10:w0, 11:00 a. tn., 12:20. 1:45, 3:15. 4:15,
1 5:15. «:16. 7:uO, 8:45. 10:20. 11:43 r>. m.
: FROM SAN UAFAEL. TO SAN rRANCISCO
' —Daily. 5:25. 6:35. 7:40, 8:35. 0:35, 11 :<1G a.
I in.. 12:20. 1:43. 2:53, 3:45. 4:45. 5:40, tf:45,
S:45. !0:20 p. ra.
FKOM \WLL VALLKY TO SAN FIIAN-
C1HCO— Daii>. 5:45. C:57.. 7:32. S:C5. 9ift3.
I 11:20 a. m.. 11ST.. 2:00. 3:13. 4:03. 5:C3, «:05.
7:05. r»:00. lf»:?.5 p. tn.
THROUGH TRAINS. ' S
S:(ni a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week day* (Saturday txCept<;<J)—
Tcmales and tvay stations.
3:15 p. m. Katurdayu — Cazadero and way
ttatior.s. .
Sundays ccly— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way ewtionat- -
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market St.
I FCHRY — Union Depot, foot of, Market stJ
tVlT. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tfc Snaliu Twrj Arriw
S—Fraathf fMtrfKirtstfc, SaaFnmr*w% 1
"Week Saa- _sara_ Sun- VVeclr
Pays, days jfflffnWf&fc days Days.
•TBn*8:ooA B^W&d itioftVuIT^a
•1:*6f »:OOa fig W ls*»ra:*or
•:lfip 1O:OOa Tff5>UMOT «:»Op siso>
——11:00a. 5gr 4:SlrltMf
f. S:15p| - ym/ |t:»OrrZIII
T< %smmat»» _
"lICCR I 626 Majlxxt ST^(Nortb Shore Railroa^T
1 ¦Ha|aatSAUUiA0F8UT l FggtMvk«8fr
ADVSBTISEMENTS.
"Why, ray dear." said the husband
of one of our lady friends to her the
other day. "You are getting quite
young again. I do declare you look
as bright and frt«.h as a daicy." ,
When the lady was te'.lin? us about
it, she Bald: "Xow I'm sure that's
not so bad fcr a lady of 5a years!"
No. It was good. Yet we are »o
accustomed to hear such reports, I
that we were not at all surprised, j '
A* a matter of feet
M«S. NETTIE H\RRISO!VS
Lola Montez Cream
» Is a wonder workinc preparation that
never falls to accomplish the most
I pleasing and satisfying reeults. It
creates lovely complexions and pre-
vents blemishes; 75c a Jar. Only way I
you can keep from getting tan,
freckles cr sunburn is by using this
Crcme. Good for insect bites. 75c v
a Pot. at all druggists'. <•
Trial Dot out of town
iriUl POl sending this ad. with
10c in ttamps will receive a bcok of j
instructions and a box of Lola Monte j
Creme and Face Powder FREE.
If you have any defects of skin. *
scalp or general health, write me.
Correspondence solicitsd.
MRS. I^ETTIS H'RRiSClH
Dermat.lo£i »t ' .
140 Gecry c t . * an Franceses
Opp. City of Paris. .'
P^llarP DON'T FAIL TO
ft aiaw tee the beautiful
. j COURT Lonnginj
/Iflfl ro^m, thfe EMPIRE
auu parlor, the
r .*' j PALM ROOM, the
lTf/.nn LOUIS XV PAR-
ui auu LOR LA-
U ;A X^TU DIES' WRITING
noteis RooM :
: AMUSEMENTS.' : ', '
/ Have r : .( . - ; :Th2- ; •' "
You Heard ( Verdict?
. . , Our New. Innovation.'
-. ' A Complete ' and : Emphatic Success.-^
:*•, -So * Proclaimed , by .-Press and '- Public. •
THEROUNDERS
Thfc Great Ntw York Caaino Musical. Comedy,
Superior to -All Past Productions. :*
Tremendous *Hit of RICHARD F.- CARROLL
,; V : • and JOHN P. KENNEDY.- ,, .,
; Gorgeously Staged. ¦¦ Handsomely Gowned.'
-> Reserved. SeatsrtS-Nigbts.i 26c," 80c and* 75c." " ;
Saturday and : Sunday Matinees, 25c . and • 60c.
Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
- KexX \ Play— "KISMET." - ; ;
. ' AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL
THIS APTSSNOOK AT 3— XOFTA
CTJAETET "FOF."
KATE JANiSCH,
T "New Zealand"
Tbe Land of the Maori — Colored Views
and motion Pictures of tne Boning
Waterfalls and Geysers.
To-Mcrrow Kisrht and Friday Aft. at 3.
THE EAST COAST.
- Wednesday, and Fiiday Niarhts,
THE WEST COAST.
SEATS— 31.00. 75c. 50c i Children. 50c.
SHSSMAJT, CLAY ft CO.'S.
HAROLD BAUER
Farewell Concerts
Next Tuesday Night at 8:15
Next Wednesday Afternoon at 3:20
F,* T .|3El.Y NEiV PROGRAMMES
PRIPPs S1.50, $1.00 and 75c. Matinee,
• niUCiJ S1£O t0 50c# Sherman & CUy'f.
21O2TDAY SIGHT — Victory Theater. Saa
Jcse.
Mrs Raymond Brown
The Eminent Fianiste and Xiectoress
FOUR TALKS ON RICHARD
WAGNER'S MUSIC DRAMAS
(AT TBE PIANO)
TUESDAY Ni«rht, March S3 — "The Sine
of the Nlebelonffen."
THURSDAY Night, March 34 — "Tristan
and Isolde."
ritlDAY Nlffht. March 25 — "Dia Meis-
tersinarer."
• SATURDAY Afternoon. March 36 — "Far-
sif ?.L"
COURSE TICKETS. S3. 82. $1.50 at
&YRI0 BALL TO-MOSBOW Morninr
SINGLE TICXETS. $1, 75c and 50c at
Sherman, Clay to Co.'s, Sat., Mar. 19.
Coming .-oCHUMAXN-HtlftK
GALJFORNIA
TO-HIQHT. "^k
tSecond and last week of the popular y
; ' '. actor, M
I DANIEL SJLJLL4Y I
In his creat suceess,-- ra
THE OLD MILL STREAM I
¦ A Tlura! nominee of Surpassing Ex- JJ I
• cellencc . pj
Next-- BEN HENDRICKS £
Besinnlnff MONDAY. March 14.. .
THIRD 'AND LAST WEEK OF
• '• . Johann - Strauss' . Masterpiece, .
'THt:
Gypsy Barori
• A' Romantic Opera In Three Acts.
FIRST APPEARANCE- IN ENGLISH OF
SiC.-DOVlEN!CO -RUSSO
The Favorite .Tenor. • "
'-MATINEE .SATURDAY. •
•'; • SECURE SEATS IN /ADVANCE! '
• ' WEXT . .... .MB. PICKWICK.
UkupJ -Popular I Prices. .'. . .-V. .25c v 5C*- and "Sc*
Bex, Seats . .• 1 >1 .00
HyGal; 11.00 wM
AMUEEMENT& " _
TO-NIGHT
and up to and including
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
Last S Nights— Mat. Sat.
John C. Fisher's Stupendous Production of the
Great Musical Comedy Hit. THE
By the Author3 of Florodcra.
With Samuel Collins.
The Sensational Chsnv.iacne Dange.
• Monday, March "1.
MARY MANNERING
I» th« Kew Modern Comedy by Leo Dltrich-
steln. entitled ,
. HARRIETS HONEYMOON
Direct from its successful run at the Garrack
Theater, New York — Seals Thursday.
A T 4~\ A r7 A YTl Kelasco & Mayer.
Al aA/Ar\ Proprietors.
AlU*ijA%.£jI*.jLl. E. D. Price. ,
General Manager.
TO-HISHT — 3XATI37SZ TO-DAY.
Si" AT THE WHITE
sL HORSE TAVERN
Ev;.. 25c to "5c. To-day's Mat.. .25c to COc.
TO-MORROW Eve— First Time in Dramatic
Form of the Miracle Play."
PARSIFAL
• "Crowning Glory of Warner's Genius."
The Incidental Music Interpreted by an Or-
chestra of Twenty.
Sp'l Prices: Rvgs., 25e to *1 : Mats., 25c to 75c.
; N.o Oae Seated at-Parsifal After S p. m; • -
Maijcct j St.', Near Eishth. Phone South 535.
MATINEE TO-DAT—TO-NIGHT. LASTTIME
' The .Tren-.cndous Success,
RIP VA^WrNKLE
3 Tp-morriw. Nicht— All Nsxt .Week.
MATINEES' SATURDAY* AND SUNDAY. [
' : " r The Greatest of All. Irish Drama-.
SH^MUS OBRIEN
. " Irlfb Music. Gaelic Danclns.
DDirCC v Evenings ...*..... 10c to 50c
T Kit 1 3 Matinees. . 1 .'. ¦ . . ¦ . ; • •" . . ,10c.- 15c,'. 25c ,
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
iSAN FRANCISCO ..¦¦,- . .^
; BY AUTOMOBILE
MOBttE CAEEIAGE CO. ¦' * *
- GOLDEN GATE AVE. ' and . GOUGH * ST. •-
- ¦ -.Phone. Private Exchange -770. 1
Downtown Of flees— Court , - • Palace "Hotel ;
tobby St. Francla HoteL .
A Week Commenctne THI3 AFTER- JP
e NOON. March 13. »
I ENCHANTING j
! VAUDEVILLE! j
I Emmett Gorrigan Company %
5 Presentlngr "Jockfy Jones." or *Th« 9
g Day of the Handtcao." O
0 Nichols listers I
~ Inimitable Coon Sons; Singers. ©
S Loney Haskell I
® -THAT RASCAL" •
• Poettinger's i
S Swedish Ladies' Quintette |
9 Talented Vocalists tn a Novel and ct
0 Beautirul Act. X
1 Ferguson and Mack |
O America's Foremost Eccentric Com- a
O oilman. r J
I Glllo's Artesto §
9 TJ 1 * Latest Euror^an Novelty. a
I Lowa-Hughes Duo |
0 America's Greatest Xvlonhonlsts and A
a M'-islcal Artists.
•Orpheum's Motion Pictures!
O Showing the Latest Novelties. 0
I Barrows-Lancaster •
| Company z
S Includinsr MISS rt,ARA THROPP. in 5
3j "A CHIP OF THE OLD BLOCK.' **
by Edmund Day. •
e 9
0 Regular Matinees every Wednesday. 0
O Thursday. Saturday and Sunday. *r\
Z| Prices 10c. ?5c and 50c. ~*
COURSING
PASK
P. J. KEIXI/5T Jadff •
JAS. r. GBACS SUpper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, MAR. 13th
HIGH CLASS
OPEN STAKE
Sixty -Four Nominations
TRAIN' SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets. 10:15
a. m. and 1 p. m.: Twenty-flfth and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Returning after th*
Urt course. San Mateo electric cars every four
minute* during the day.
IN PREPARATION.
Grand National Champion Stakes.
INGLESIDE
Coursing Park
OPEN STAKE.
Saturday and Sunday
March 12 and 13.
Courslnx nlll bejin at 11:30 Saturday tad
11 a. m. Sunday. • s -
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $1000
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
.car*, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERNEY. Ju<Jk»..
EDWARD SHORTSTAO. Slipper.
Hlsli-Class Spsclaltles Every Afternoon tad
Evening In ths Heated Theater.
DEONZO AND SCHENX: LTNB A3fT>
LEONARD: THE ROBINSONS; VEIU
RKNDALL: THE BENNrNOTON DUO:
MABEI* LAMSON AND NEW StOVINC*
PICTURES.
SEE TKE BABIES IN THE INFANT INCU-
BATORS.
Rare Animals From Every Clliss la tbe Zca.
AMATEC3. NIQHT TKUR3OAT.
Admission. 10c: Children. 5c.
Racing !§Hit^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CAUFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
' Radajr Each Week Day. Rala or Shlav
Six or More Races Dally.
I Baces commence at 2:15 p. m. ¦harp.
' For special trains stopping at th« track tai»
S. P. Ferry, foot ot Market street, at 12. 12:20.
l:0o. 1:^0 or 2 o'clock. No smoking la last two
cars, which ura reserved for ladles aad tiulr
escorts. ¦ .. . t -_ t
I . Returning trains leave track at 4:1$ aad
¦»:«5 and Immediately aftar tho last rac«c
i THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. PresUtM.
i , PERCY W. TREAT. SecreUrj. _ ._ j
f I sow«rr \«9] Train* lure mnd an
I™ i wourcs I . I due to arrive at
yO> v yiJ3,Xy SAN francisco.
\^ f « y (Mat a Line, Frrry DcpcV
\^^r Foot of Market Sired i
"m»i Ki>miiY IT. 1H04. — a«bit»"
* 7 -00 a v»c»Tllle. «]LU.T.. Kutii.^y 7 50p
/.CO* Beclcla. ff-T— Iilm:ra aad S»cra-
nmui 7.20r
7 13a VUlfjo. N»pa. C&iUtntH. Sasts
\io*». Vsrtlin-l, f.aa Jiamou 6-20f
7-5IU Nile*. Urenaora, Tra.j. Luthrop.
fctocktot. 720'
C£0a KsfWCM — <V'U I)»vUl.
XVIllHinu (lor !;*.ri>tt Si>r1nr,».
¦wrinpw* *Fmt.i. Ucd Uluff.
"Portlana. Tnco:r«. braltle 7-50^
t-Ct* D»v:s.TVooii:«-ati. Knijrhu Lma<Itn£.
M»rysv!'lr, Orovlhe 7-50?
t.23» Port "Ci-»tt, Mirtinfi. AaUoch.
Rrroc. Tr*<y. Stockton. Xfw-
m&B. Loj Konus. Mir.Ji.tv
Araoat. Ilnnt.ir.l. Vitaik
PorterrUl* 4.20'
C^3a port C-3«:a. Mftrri::'-r. Trtcy. Latb-
rop. Mo«i«-ft«i. Merced. i-"rc*ao.
CiwtMiw Juact'.un. Hacford,
VlMlls PalcerMieiJ 450?
B-ZO* Kile*. San -!i»»e. Livcnuore. Stocic-
i-.in. <*Ml'.t<)n). lone. Sucraiuer.!.o.
PitrrrvlM* Mwj»TiIle. c'r.'.co.
Bed r.luf: 4.20p
8 10a Ot.':.'.'..'- C'.i'.Bf'e. Jafr.r*U>Trn. So-
norm. TaoliUBM nu! Anne'.e 420p
8 00a AtlcntlcKiL^re*,— Ogdeniina E»«t. 11.20*
8 33* EirhrnAiit:. Mari'uer »n<J
Station* 6 50r
18£0a The Ovfrlaaa LiBilted — tigilen.
JX-cvtr. Otn»ba. Clilcass 620i"
10*0a V«;» 12.20'
10C0* L«« Aaf»:r» l-a«»ienir?r — Por;
C<«ta Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrc;>. Stockton. Merced.
I'll Ilieiill rrctno. iiotbon Ji:nu-
tii>ii. llnniord. Lcmoore, Visaiia.
Bi'.trrefl'id. Loa atijt^v* 7^0'
12.C0m Hnj-ward. MIrtmud Way 8t»tlon». 3.20r
MDOr Safrr-mraloUlTer Steararr* til.OJf
IZOp Bf-T'civ Winter*. Sacrnincnto.
".v. .,:-:. Mid. Kclghti Laudins.
MaryavlUe. OrorliJe acU w»y
•lationa 10.50k
3-?0p Ht> ««r<;. M>i t:i! Way Siitlcm.. 7.5Qr
S.SOr I'ort Cocta, Uartlnrz. Hj-ron.
Tracr. Lalhrop. Mode* to.
Mcrued. Frfsco ati4 Way £t*-
tton« liej-ond Tort Co»u i2-20r
SiOr Mknmez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.20*
4 CCp Martinez. San I'.naionA tlleJo.Napa.
CUUtoca. Eanta Itoaa 9 20*
4 OCp Nllea. TracT. Stockton. Lodl 42tlr
4Z0r Bayward. Nllea. lrrlcg'tuc. San I *850a
Joae. Ltrermore ) til. 50*
ICOr Tbe OwJ Limited— Ntwm«n. Iy>§
B»no«. M'ndoia. Fretno. Tulare,
Bakersfleid. Lo« Acge>«..
Goid»D State Limited Sleeper.
G&Uizd to Ix>« Ang-ele*. for Chi-
cago, na C. R. I. & P 8.5(H
5 COr Purl Coata. Tracr. Btocktoa. ...... IT 20r
'6 li. ¦ HcTward. Vtlea and Mn Jon: ..... 7.20a
6 C2r llarward. Nllea and 6>n Joee 9 iCU
6 CCf Eaatrrn Express— OrW*- Denver.
Omaba. 6t. Louis, calca^o and
hart. Port Costa, Uealcl*. Snl-
(cs. Elaalrm, Darli. Skcramento.
'....- k : :c. Aobara. Colfaz.
Tmekee. Boca. Reno. Wada-
worth. wtsnenmeca ........ .... 5 20^
i.COr Vaiiejo. imSlr. except Bundaj I , cn _
7£0t Vaiirjo. bnaday only f '- 50 '
7£Sf l.lcbraond. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Marttncz end Way Etatlona 11.20a
IZbr Crefcn & California Expreis— «»e-
ram*nto, MaryaTllle. HedAlac
porlUod. Puget Sound and East. 8-SOa
S.IOr Hayward. Nllea and San Jose (bun- .
oayonlr) 11.60a'
COAST LI N E (S»rr»w *i»«ge). '
(Fc>ot of Market Street.)
t 16a Newark. CooierrUle. San Jose,
FeUcs. Bonlaer Creek. fc*nta
Crux 8=c Way Sutlooi 655r
tZ.IEr >ewarlc CcntttrrUie. San Jose,
Kew Almxden. Lo» GatocFeUon.
Boulder ( r»clt. 6asta Crux aad
Principal Way BtaUocs ttOSSa
• "lr Newark. Sao Jose. LosGatos and I *8 65 »
«-ayttatlon» 1:1065*
*$Z2* Hunter* Tratn. Satnrday only. 8aa
J »'¦ tort Way Stations. Beturn-
!tr froTn lx>* Gatto* Sunday only. 17 2Sp
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
*rotc SAN M:Ai>ClfeCO. iWul Market St. <Mlp<»
-t7:i5 k.-uo U:iH)A.n. 1.00 3 00 5.15 r.M.
>rom OAKLAND. Kuot of Kraadway — tS:U» td:M
1t:0S 10:l» A.m. 12 CO 2C3 4.00 p.m.
COAST LINE <«roa«« <«»nre>.
m t3f"(lnlrfl »on l\>wi:*e.ni Street*.)
C 10* feat JmeiD:! M'mv Stationa. 6T30?"
7 CO a 6an Jo»e an<i M'kr te!atl.»n» 63Sr
«C0a N>w Alm.-ceu (Ti:'s» Frld^only), 4.10'
• 00« Tb» Ccartcr— Stc-r« -July t-ai? Joce,
O'.lroy 'coanection for nollis-
ter;. Pajaro. C«ttrori:!e (cot-
nectlon to and fionj Monterey
and Padfie Or^v. j. fcaiinM. Saa
Arrto. Pata RoMf*. kanta Mar-
rartta. h:, Luie 1 1;. ••;,.,. prloripal
•r»t!on» ib»nce Surf (rocnrr.tioa
for lAjmixx-). p:lnc!r»i erat'.ona
it ¦•:!"¦ >i.:-ia ri"ir'..R:Fi.V"o r.iirna
Centura. Faujcu*. Lo« Ai-peln... 10-45*
fl.CO* S*i Jsm, Trt-s P1n»«. C'apliola.
i»rjvi-.>Ki;r.»p.
Sac Lb1» <»b!ii.o and PrlDdp*'
,__„ Way 8t»'Joa« 4.10»
10.Z0a tan Joae and War Statlona 1.20'
11 iO* 6atila Clara. Kan Jute. Loa Gates
. _^ and '.Tay buttoc» 7.30 p
IZCr San Jouc and Way Statioc* 8 3S»
I CO Del Monte Kzpr«>«s— Santa Clara.
San Jure, Del Moale. Mcn:erry,
I'aclCc Grove (cocn-cu at Santa
Clara for frcuia Cruz. UuuUier
Cre«-k aad KtnvwCtuccPohU)
•t Gllror for HollUlcr. Tre«
Plno». ct CaatrovCle for Salinas. 12.15^
SZDr Trea PIdo« War PaaseoKtr 10 4Sa
4 SOr fan Jose aad Way Stations iB.GOa
t6 00r t»n Ji>k, (via Santa Clara) Lot
Oato*. and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Bandar) tSOOa
:fc-JC»- tan Joseaud Principal Way Elation* {9.43a
S-LtlP bcoeet Limited.— Uedwo»d. Saa
Jose.G"roy.£al!na*.Paao Kobles.
San Lu'.f < >b'.*; o, Santa Barbara,
Los Ar-p» !>¦». iifT. !rc. Kl Paso.
Kew Orlran*. New yorW. Coa-
sects at Pajaro for ban ta Cruz
and at CKMrurlll* for Pacific
GroTeend War Stations. ....... 7.10a
18 Ibt- fcan Ualeo.Bt-resfora.Deltnoot.Saa
Carloa. Kedwno*:. Fair Oaka.
MesloPark. Palo Alto „ 1G-46a
6 50r Eaa Jote nad WaySutions 6-384
lAOr Falo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
1 1 .40r feuuUi ban Francisco. M (librae. Bnr-
llBCtme, ban *!ateo, Uelmont,
6aa Carles. Eedwood, Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto 8-46*
• 11-Mr M»rt.c]<l. Mountain View. Sonny-
Talc. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
6*n Jot-e :3-4**
A for MorniBg. P for Afternoea.
1 Ecnday excepted. t Scndiy only
a featerdaj only.
• fitOM at all stations on Sesday.
CB * OtUy traias stopplaa; at Valencia 6t- soctbbovad
»re f :10 aji, 7:00 AJi, Xl:» ajc, 8:30 w at, •:» r jt. aa*
t.mtJl ¦
bT Weekly Caa
$1 pep Year.
AD VEB.TISE2IENTa. . X . . . , _
I Dry Goods <sS|g|§S^ Company I
• »____ °
O — — : e
1 .Curtains and Portieres. |
O 9
# ========================================5========^ 0
in this department we cover ths field most effectively and offer very £
q decided advantages in assortments, styles, values and deliveries. $
© ' ===== ;^:,-v 9
J HANDSOME PORTIERES, new colorings, pkin and figured centers, |
o corded fringe and bordered, a pair $5.00, $6.00, $7.50 ©
» MERCERIZED FORTIERES in newest colorings, corded and embroidered •
§ finish, very choice, a pair $8.50, $9.00 and tip to $12.50 %
% HAND MADE CLUNY CURTAINS in ecra and white, two and a half %
g and three yards long, a pair. .$3.00, $3.50, $3.75 and $4.25 g
g NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS showing many novel ideas in the favored g
o Arabian and Battenberg designs; this week, a pair ..I $2.00 o
S ARABIAN CURTAINS in striking designs— three and a half yards S
S long— and corded; a special limited line, a pair . J
o $3.75, $4.00 and $4.50 g
• FRENCH BOBINET, very much in demand at present; a large invoice ©
g jost opened. Inches wide 48 54 72 108 §
o A yard 35c 45c 60c 90c ©
! CURTAINS MADE TO ORDER AT SHORT NOTICE. f
§ All certains hung free of charge in San Francisco* Oakland, Berkeley, §
o Alameda and Frcityale. O
g . ®
• CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, e
9 Geary zzi Stockton Street*, TJnica Squars- S
owcocaoecgcooososooooeooooaeQeeoeftaegtescoo
: MONEY-.$AVING" PRICES
NEWEST STYLE GARMENTS
PRICES LOWER THAN AIMYWHERE
1 r Manufacturing in large
Quantities enables us to
/f - purchase our material di-
/gj£\\ • rect from the mills. We use
SifT* I a better quality material:
SS *V^ 1 everything sponged and
tf/f^l shrunk and only thf? work-
MfS^L'l manship of first-class tail-
III "X^k W/PbR " ors * * aultless fittin &> care-
i i^mJfMM TAILOR" SUITS, $12.50,
J f WkW^iw Sl5 ' SI6 ' 5O > Sl8<50
' i \ /^\ w£%4$&^ 1^ Novelty Suits in Eton
f J * i /^Ofl *^v\ senson;- in black ami colnrS;
y. '¦¦} ''¦'/'. I /yffixxlJSfyik. n positive saving frora $3.50
' SF^^m. TAiL0RaJHS,S20, S25
A I lli'^^^. s3 H °- - $^i'{^s
JiSSll 'WS^^^^-*^ Su"s! h or fin| S quamy r Vene!
*SlC 'L "W wa^N^^^O^a tlan, Camelshalr. Redfern
'dSrjfMl* ¦ W Etamine; elegantly
'<4r Ar'Sl \ 15- *>; trimmed or decide<iiy plain
K W^&' Mly 5»Y*\*%. V^S^-ZS? 1^^ but artistic tailoring: -grand
>J*y *7lbr in#. V&S _S>. ***__ZP*~ *** styles; exclusive material.
£>£i3£gZ^^~-^3Slb^.. "^^ ST.. no to JS.50 saved on each
Sp in$ askets blejani Oisiiay ot [risi and Walking Skirts
Stylish Etons of Cov- Rich Crepe de Paris Good quality Walking
ert. Cheviot and $25.00, $30,00, S32.50. skirt* at S3 50 S3.5O
Broadcloth $35.00 and. . . . . $40.00 o^,! , , «
$7^0 to $17.5O ' 840° and $5.OO
v.™ cstirin •v»irr»r? White Sicilian and -, , . _
rn\T^ y T ~ ILOR Etamine Skirts .... Fine Broadcloth Dress
7. . . .$7.5() 'to 325.66 S 8 - 50 to 00 Skirts, trimmed.
Long Coats Elegant Etamine Skirts $7-50. $8-5°« $10.00,
$10.00 to 823.00 S7.5O to $35.00 813^0 and $15.00
123O-1232 1234 M RKET SiKEET.
AMUFEMENTS^ ¦ _'_
IBEQEVM m NDAV, MARCH *>\ |
_ Al - rf— ¦ ¦> IN PAUL HETSE'S DRAMA. M
IStLXT SALE TO-MORROW 9 A. M. C
PRICES : 50c 75c,^ j^QOy ?!^!^JJJ^L.OAKLAND, March 12.— The incor
rigible runaway girl, Isabel Maguire,
was sentencedby Judge Hall to-day to
be confined for four years in the Mag
dalen Home, providing the Sisters will
take her, otherwise she must go to a
State reformatory. She is but 12 years
of age. but already has an unsavory
reputation on both sides of the bay.
To Be Restrained.
Election Officers Held for Fraud.
; DENVER, March 12. — George H.
King, , handwriting expert, who exam
ined the ballots cast In Precinct 2 of
the Fourth Ward at the election of
Supreme Court Justice, under order
of District Judge Johnson reported
that 726 ballots found in the
box 587 had been written by eight men,
and of these 583 bear the Democratic
heading. -After receiving the report
Judge* Johnson held William H. Green,
a city detective, and the other election
officers of this precinct for trial in the
Criminal Court. 'Theirbonds were fixed
at $500 each. ; * ¦
Thc Blind Man's Whistle.
In Japan the blind carry a peculiar
kind of whistle, which they blow v as
they pass through the streets, and
people who hear it separate and leave
the pathway clear for them. There
are a great many blind persons in
Japan, and if they were to employ. the
makeshift of a child or dog :to lead
them there, would be numerous com
plications in the narrow streets. When
heard in. the dead:of night the "blind
whistle" has an especially pathetic
and mournful sound. — Golden Penny.
. This is merely a tentative explana
tion. Perhaps it Is for; fear that she
may some day be caught in a cyclone
that ; induces woman to so beautifully
decorate that portion 04 her wardrobe
that no one ever sees.
At a recent fashionable wedding in
London the hats of tha bridesmaid were
trimmed with natural flowers; and it is
predicted that the style will be popular
next summer.
A second complaint in n divorce ac
tion bCoiin by Matilda Beckwith was
filed to-day against Harvey Beckwith.
She brought a suit some time ago
while he was in Alaska and was about
to iget a divorce when he appeared on
the scene. He told a hard luck story
of shipwreck and hardship and the
case was reopened and he was given
an opportunity to answer it. Before
it came to trial the suit was dismissed.
Now she has begun another.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day by
Clalr D. Howes against .*bble R.
Howes en the ground of desertion.
They were marrit ,n Boston in 1892,
but for the. last year, he says, she has
refured to live wltli him.
OAKLAND, Mcuch 12. — Abbie. du
Bois was granted a divorce to-day by
Judge Ellsworth from Harry du Bols
on the ground of < :treme cruelty. It
was alleged that was in the habit
of choking her.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. March 12.— -The follow
ing: marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Frank Mc-
Kenzie, 32, and Mildred N. M. Offey,
27, both of San Francisco; David Jf!
Williams, over 21, Oakland, and Ida
Dempsey, over 18, San Francisco; Do
los Pratt, 60. and Mrs. Nettie Gourley
40. both of Fruitvale.
Wedded in a Restaurant.
OAKLAND. March 12. — Joseph
Martin and Louise La Croiz were mar
ried this afternoon at the Maison de
J'Opera restaurant. The ceremony was
performed by Police Judge Mortimer
Emith.
St. Marys Will Play Jesse Moores.
OAKLAND, March 12. — The Phoe
nix baseball team of St. Mary's Col
lege will play the Jesse Moores, the
champions of the Midwinter League,
on the college diamond on St. Pat
rick's day. The Phoenix team Is con
siderably weakened by the Injury of
Poultney at Berkeley!
Grocery Store Burglarized.
OAKLAND, March 12. — Peterson
Bros/ grocery at 473 Twenty-third
Btreet was, entered by burglars last
night, but though the thieves ran
sacked the place thoroughly, they se
cured nothlns of value.-
UNHAPPY COUPLER SEEK
RELIEF IX THE COURTS
ALAMEDA, March 12. — Roswell
Dague, Jerome Politer and -Arthur
Rader have been chosen to represent
the Alameda High School in a forensic
contest to be held on April 29 with a
team from the Stockton High School.
The eelections were made yesterday,
the other candidates for the team be
ing Norman d'Evelyn. Arthur Alvarez
and Lome Hendry. \ . *•
Debating Team Selected.
Attached to a very ancient human
skeleton found in one of the old
mines in the Wichita Mountains was
a strangely carved medal. It is four
or five inches Tn diameter." On one
side ia a raised figure representing
two hands clasped: on one cuff Is the
American eagle; on the other are
three bars extending lengthwise of the
cuff. Above the hands are a pipe and
tomahawk crossed. On this side of
the medal are the words: "Peace "and
Friendship." On the other si Je is a
bust of President Jefferson, with the
inscription, "Thomas Jefferson. Pres
ident of the United. States. ' A. D'.
1801." A silver ring is fastened to a
post on the top of the medal.-— Kansas
City Journal. "J >^ ;/¦
A Strange Old Medal.
OAKLAND, March 12.— Tho thir
teenth century of the death of Pope St.
Gregory.thft Great will be solemnized
at the Church of the Immaculate
Conception at Seventh and Jefferson
streets at the 10:30 mass this morn
ing/ The sermon will be preached by
the Rev. Father Cantlllon. The choir
has been augmented for the occasion
and will be led by Professor A. Greg
ory.
ri.tn Special Service.
Serious RiotJna: Between Students.
ME-NNA, March 12.— Serious riot
ing between 700 Germans and 200
Czesch students occurred to-day in
front of the university. Forty stu
dents were wounded. The police had
difficulty in restoring order. Reports
from Prague, Eohemia, say the police
Ftations there are filled with students
and other rioters. The ultimate
proclamation of martial law at Prague
OAKLAND. March 12. — David
Neeley, the Berkeley nurseryman, wfil
make a fight before he* pays Mary
Lanfgan the $8000 awarded her by a
Jury as damages for his having failed
to marry her. Attorneys representing
both parties were engaged to-day in
the preparation of a bill of exceptions
on a motion for a new trial with the
Idea of appealing the case to the Su
preme Court. It is stated in his be
half that it will take all that he has to
satisfy the Judgment.
Neeley Will Appeal.
OAKLAND, March 12.— First' Base
man Clancy, who signed to play with
the Oaklands during tha coming sea
son, has not reported for practice, anti
Manager Ewing thinks he may have
Joined the Montreal team of the Toron
to League. Ewing has notified Secre
tary Farrell of the National Associa
tion and as soon as the missing player
is located he will be ordered to report
to Ewing.
First Baseman Clancy Missing.
These earless and tailless cold stor
age rats are perfectly at home in a
temperature below the zero mark. They
thrive on wintry atmospheres, and very
probably if they were driven out into
the vrarmth of a heated room they
would suffer a great deal and perhaps
many would perish,
j "This, I think," gays a writer in the
Atlanta | Constitution, commenting on
the phenomenon, "is ore c-f the most
striking examples of how the animal
kingdom in the. wise economy of nature
can adapt it3elf to the most severe sur
roundings."—New York Commercial.
When cold storage was first intro
duced into this country the chilly stor
age rooms were absolutely free from
rats and mi^e. The temperature was
kept considerably below the freezing
point and in the cold surroundings
rats and mice were unable to live. y
In time, however, the rich stores
packed away there proved too tempt
ing for thieving rodents and they be
gan to make inroads into the cold
storage rooms, at first paying a hur
ried call and as soon as they haC taken
a few nibbles rushing with a shiver
out into warmer places.
Gradually, however, these visits were
lengthened and became more frequent,
not without considerable mortality
among the rats, but In the end there
grew inter being what is known as the
"cold-storage rat." This animal has
neither tail nor ears, both having been
frozen for his ancestors, resulting in
their total loss to the families of the
first intrepid pirates of cold storage.
The "Cold Storage Rat," Karlcss .and
Tailless, Comes to Support
Evolution Theory.
STRIKING EXAMPLE OF ' .
PHYSICAL ADAPTATION'
"The work was evidently much read
in England, as it went through two
editions in the course of six years — ¦
the second edition appearing in 15S6
— so that, having regard to its char
acter and popularity, there Is nothing
surprising in the assumption that
Shakespeare in some way becams ac
quainted with its contents."
Certainly he would have found in it
a "picture of Italian manners, cere
monies, customs, occupations, foibles,
dress and thought of the day" — a
storehouse of information for a play
laid in Italy. Sir Edward Sullivan
givea quite a long series of parallel
isms between Shakespeare's writings
and Pettie'a translation of the "Civile
Conversation." The play of "Hamlet"
alone supplies eight cases of remark
able "similarity of thought and mod*
of expression." and, as Sir Edward
remarks, "We are aware with wh:it
freedom 'Shakespeare utilized the cur
rent literary material 'of his d \ " —
London Chron'.cle.
Sir Edward Sullivan. Bart. write3
in the February Nineteenth Century
of a "forgotten volume in Shake
speare's library" — that is to say, of a
book which Shakespeare seems to
have known and used largely in his
writing, however little the fact has
been noted. It Is one of extreme rar
ity and the opening part of its till-*
runs as follows:
"The Civile Conversation of M.
Steeuen Guazzo, written first in Ital
ian and nowe translated out of French
by George-Pettie, divided into foure
bookes."
Sir Edward Sullivan remarks:
A IJtrrnry Find.
POINT RICHMOND, March 12. —
An airship which was being construct
ed here by Professor Robert H. Botts
and which the inventor intended to
enter In tho competitions at St. Louis,
was torn from 'ts mooring3 and total
ly wrecked by Thursday's storm. Pro
fessor Botts has not yet decided
whether he will build another ship.
Airship Wrecked by Storm.
BERKELEY, March 12. — Miss
Blanche Bertheaud crushed her left
hand in a frightful manner this morn
ing while chopping kindling wood at
her home, 1731 Milvia street. In at
tempting to split a stick of wood she
struck the hand that held it with an
ax. The ax was dull and instead of
making a clear cut crushed four of the
metacarpal bones.
So heavy was the impact that the
splinters of the bones were forced
through the flesh. The sight of the
wound and the pain caused .Miss Ber
theaud to cry out and by the time the
members of the family had responded
she was lying in a swoon on the floor.
Dr. J. T. Farrar was hurriedly called
and he mended the bones as well as
their sniintered condition would per
mit. Miss Bertheaud is a student at
the Berkeley High School.
I'aiuful Injury While Chopping;
Kindling Wood at Home.
Mi?s Blanche Bcrtheauil Receives
BLOW WITH AN AX
BREAKS CURL'S HAND
OAKLAND, March 12.— Mrs. George
Jorgensen, wife of a prominent hard
ware dealer of Haywards, died yester
day at the. family residence in Hay
wards, aged 40 yer.rs. Deceased leaves
besides her husband two children, a
girl baby and an 8-year-old son.
NEW YORK, March 12. — Oliver
Harrinian, a former drygoods mer
chant in this city, died to-day at Mount
Kisco, aped 75 years. One of his chil
dren Is Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt. E. H.
Harriman, president of the Union Pa
cific Railroad, is his nephew.
, .
Alumeda Connty Deaths.
Uncle of Harrimnn Dead.
SAX JOSE. March 12. — Carey B.
Bate?, a well-known resident of this
city, died at his home at 44 George
street late last night. He was a native
of Rochester, 72 years of age. In the
early '50's he went to Minnesota and
remained there until 1884, when he
came to California. For a time h»
conducted a retail grocery store here
and afterward went to ranching. On
the death of his wife in 1889 he went
to Minnesota, where he remained un
til about eight months ago. A num
ber of grown sons survive him.
Death of Carey B. Bates.
HARTFORD. Conn., March 12. —
William B. Rothschild was a member
of the firm of Jlorsfall & Rothschild,
prominent merchants in this city. He
left here on February 13 last with his
wife and a party of friends on a tour
through the West and South and the
first intimation of his illness was a
telegram received to-day announcing
his death. He was a native of Hart
ford and 44 years old. Mr. Roths
child i3 survived by a wife and three
children.
OAKLAND, March 12.— Mrs. Kate
Carter died to-day at her home, 614
Fifteenth street, after a long illness.
The deceased was the widow of the
late George A. Carter, and was a mem
ber of the Ebell Society and the Daugh
ters of the American Revolution. She"
was 62 years uf age.
Mrs. Kate Carter Dead.
The Hyde lectures In French will be de
livered on April -J2 and 25. the time for these
Uterarv treat* belnK much earlier thi3 year
than lAFt, when t>ie commencement exercises
Interfered sreatly with the attendance. M.
Robert jfcjWUty, who holds a scholarphio of
H.r^T .n n l niM .' r or nubllc Instruction at
Harvard, will be tl,» Hyde lecturer this year.
m- seend Harbara Welnstock lecture will
L - k of Chlcaeo. Mr. Karv.ell is the head
«'m» L*ki tj lcatr ° dry 80od8 flrm bearing his
«n.T i« - VJk "laWoh.-d Jorty years a K o.
£n J«JL? tr '5 ut i >r to curren ' Publications
fhe rTJi? w Knd , b: i" ln "* subjects. Dunns
}ltr»,.^". ar an . t! J ' r "'d'nt Great's admin"
Oovernmc'-t m '° U:>fed I*"* 11 '"*™ or trust in the
The Glee club will sing the following num
b£'nnln> L *{ l * T P<>°\ In the Greek Theater.
DeKinning at 1 o clock: "Absent" iMptnuir
ST^ew^"-^?*'' K»»S
temDi) Mr L r K\T' eUrS> vlolln 8O| ° 'V'leux
c. m 1 ??, r " fetPh MnKer; "Reverie" (A M
fnJ C %J 1 ? v.. (Max SP^ker); vocal aolo!
"'f ,/™ m . Elijah" (Charles Elston); "Serel
na . dc 'Gilbert); "Madrigal." H. j {J tew .
" r^,/ f- ?? W \ n WlU dlr * ct thc voices.
N-nr^h H,li K H "°?i RtlOn mPt thls ™mln|C "1
Ur^tllOi fn", T^ m ' a the »*reement recent-
Lndtr wh rt ,h th V r< 7 ir » se . nt «t!ve committees
Urn tt » the association becomes affiliated
lth ,, lh *. A " on 'ated Students. The under
standing is th.it the twoclntlon win mil" i,
property and pay its own debts, receiving only
the protection Of the Associated Students \\
the same meeting It wag decided to permit all
the association or not. to enter the try-out*
for the varsity rowing crew. The association
snow having conducted a four -oared b ar ge
that will be ready for use about the first of
« Pr .il» 1 ' a P d K cros " bars has been adopted
"¦«fat*Sn WCr " by member » "I «»"
BERKELEY, March 11.— Three eminent tec
turers will vp.rk bsfore th? university durins
the month of April. TheHrFt of \hese to lec
ture will be Dr. George Pt«-!ndcrf. orofemir of
Kgyptology at the University of LlepMe. who
will di.«cuys the recent discoveries in EeyDt. a
subject ucon which he is considered one of
the foremefct authorities.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Eastern Merchant Dies in Snn Jose.
SAX JOSE, March 12. — William
Benjamin Rothschild, a prominent
merchant of Hartford, Conn., died
suddenly at the Vendorne Hotel to-day
from pneumonia. With his wife
Rothschild had been touring: the State
and came here two days ago from Los
Angeles. He was at once taken ill.
He was 44 year^ of age and a native
of Connecticut. The remains were
prepared for shipment and will be sent
East, to-morrow.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Colonel Charles E. L. B. Davis, en
gineer corps, has returned from Ma
nila and reported at headquarters
yesterday. Colonel Davis is well
known in this department. After
spending a few days here visiting his
old friends and comrades, he will pro
teed to his new post at Detroit, Mich.
Commander J. H. Bell came down
from Mare Island yesterday and will
remain in town until the arrival of
the United States transport Soiace,
when he will take command of her.
Major Bush, commander of the ar
tillery battalion. National Guard,
spent the greater part of yesterday
afternoon in conference with Gen»r.iJ
MacArthur.
Major Webster Vinson of the pay
department, who returned irom the
Philippines on Friday, reported to
Oeneral MacArthur yesterday. Major
Vinson has served two years and six
months at Fort Santiago, Munili. po
he is entitled to return, his time limit
being up. It is rumored, however,
that there are other reasons :md that
he may be called upon to testify in
the case of Lieutenant Frederick B.
Xeilson. who, it is reported, is ac
cused of irregularities in his pay ac
counts.
Among the passenr^rs returning
from the Philippines on the transport
Thomas, due to-morrow, is First Lieu
tenant Frederick B. Xeilson, Twelfth
Cavalry. It is reported that Lieuten
ant Xeilson has been ordered home
10 be tried by court-martial for hav
ing duplicated his pay accounts while
he was stationed at Batangas. It is
i>lso reported that strenuous efforts
are being made in the young lieut«n
a.nt's behalf to have the affair straight
ened out, so as to obviate the necessity
of a trial.
Martialert for Alleged Discrep
ancies in His Accounts.
lirrtcrintH Xeilson 31ay Be Court-
<<)MING HOME TO ANSWER '
CHARGE OF IRREGULARITY
WASHINGTON. March 12. — The
House Committee on Interstate and
Foreign Commerce to-day began a
series of hearings to determine' the
character of legislation for the gov
ernment of the canal zone on the
isthmus of Panama.
Rear Admiral Walker said he be
lieved that work on the canal couM
be begun in two or three months.
The liquor question was injected
into the discussion by a remark of the
admiral that the principal revenues
would come from licenses to eating
houses and saloons.
Speaking of the class of labor that
it would be necessary to employ la the
construction of the canal, Admiral
Walker said that the blacks from Ja
maica were the best fitted class ob
tainable in the vicinity of the canal
zone. But there were not enough of
those laborers, and coolie labor from
China and Japan would have to bo
brought over for this work. He esti
mated that the maximum number of
laborers nesried would b» som» 35,
000. Other persons who would come
with these laborers would increase
the population of the zone to some
€5.000.
WOKK ON ISTHMIAN
QASAXi TO BEGIN SOON
BERKELEY. March 12.— The Berke
ley High School nine defeated the
Boone's Academy team at baseball this
afternoon at Freeman's Park, the score
being 12 to 11. In the last half of the
ninth inning, when 'the score stood 11
to 10 in favor of Boone's, Sollnsky of
Berkeley batted out a two-bagger and
brought in Shaffer. The umpire of
bases called Shaffer safe, but the um
pire at the plate declared that he had
been put out by Ihe catcher, and a dis
pute arose. In the meantime Solinsky
"sneaked" in. making the score 12 to
11. Boone's men are dissatisfied with
the result and will protest the game.
Preparatory School Nines Dispute.
TWO SOPHOMORE GIRLS
WHO ASSISTED IN ENTER
TAINING SENIOR SISTERS.
The men were wise enough to stay
away, all except the janitor, and what
few dogs showed up were sent howl
ing. So that after all the entertain
ment, whatever turn it happened ' to
take, went on without disturbance or
guffaws from the rude fellows. \
It was really one of the prettiest af
fairs of the year. From a certain
"Fophie," who slyly passed the news
along afterward, it was discovered
that "Miss Head's kindergarten" was
•in session some part of the afternoon.
Miss Phoebe Binney- and Miss Sue
Ross were the teachers and all the
other "sophie" girls primary students.
The class sang all the "ring" songs
in its repertoire and between times the
aforesaid "stunts" were done by the
Misses Ann Thatcher, Hazel Hobson,
Franklyn Jones, Grace Stokes, Sophie
Trcadwell, Bertlne Wollenberg, Edith
Busser and Ina Titus.
"After the class had. been dismissed
the "sophles" refreshed the seniors
with a dainty luncheon and after that
they danced* The hall was decorated
with red, the class color, and carica
tures of a lot of well-known student
people decorated the walls.
The affair was in charge of the fol
lowing committees:
Entertainment — The Misses Bertlne Wollen
berg, Isabel JJcJteynolds, Ann Thatcher, Grace
Stokes Gertrude Frledlander, Sophie Tread
well.
Refreshment — The Misses Phcebe Binney.
Ruth Wllklns. Hope, Wricht, Mayer ani
Smittle.
Invitations — The Misses Edith Busser. Joe
Campbell, Belle Smith. . Ethel Jones. L«vy.
Hlbbard, Putnam, Franklyn Jones, Ray and
Elliot.
Finance— The Mlsres Tlta Bailey. Katt
O'Neill. Gladys Meyer. Harriet Smyth*. Per
cival. Callender. Wlllard. Still and Hampshire.
Uecoration* — The Mlrsen Marian Morrow,
ElJia Ames. Morgan and Skinner.
BERKELEY, March 12. — "For dogs
and boys there won't be room."
That was the "beware" sign that
kept the men away from Hearst Hall
thi_ afternoon while the sophomore
girls were entertaining the senior girls
of the university. And that suggests
another question: Why did the girls
mix the dogs and the boys up in the
same sentence? And why did the girls
want to warn these two noble animals
away? Was it because they consid
ered the "stunts" too awfully awful
for the sight of man and even brute?
Any way, the "sophie" girls set out
the "scarecrow" in verse and between
the lines he who runs may read. For
instance, one of them says, "We're to
have an exhibition to beat those of all
tradition." That indicates that there
was need for the warning legend. But
here is the way the whole thing reads
on the invitations that were sent out:
We're to have an exhibition
To beat t!io«e ot all tradition.
Our teacher says '<>< can come,
And that "00 will f relic seme.
So Just be dressed and wait till two.
When "Sophie Itrown" will call for you.
'Tls to t>t> 1 1 Hearst Hall on Saturday after
noon.
For <lefs and men there won't be room.
The testimony showed that Snow
was seated in the buggy during the
entire time that the alleged tortur
ing of the horse was jroing on.
OAKLAND, March 12.— H. K. Snow,
the manager of a local sewing ma
chine agency, who was accused of
having attempted to force a balky
horse to move by tying a hitching
rope around the animal's tongue and
then hitching the rope to a dray, was
acquitted in Judge Smith's court this
morning of a charge of cruelty to ani
mals.
Dill Not Have Any Hand in Tying
Hitching: Hope to Animal's
. Ton~ve.'
SNOW NOT GUILTY
OF TOUTUIUNG HOUSE
OAKLAND, March 12. — T. C. Lane,
the Southern Pacific brakeman that
created a disturbance in the offices
of Division Superintendent Palmer at
the Oakland mole last week and
threatened A. W. Baker, assistant su
perintendent, with a pistol, is again
in the toils of the law and is schem
ing how to get out. He was let go
last week on condition that he would
get out of town. He went to Stockton,
but returned to Oakland a few days
ago and was rearrested.
He was taken before Justice of the
Peace Quinn this morning and pleaded
that he had been drinking heavily,
but that if given another chance he
would not trouble the Southern Pa
cific officials any more. His bond was
fixed at $5000 and his case put over
until next Wednesday. In the mean
time it is believed that arrangements
can be made for his release.
Lane had his hand crushed while
switching some cars last summer and
the arm had to be amputated. H>e has
been drinking a great deal since, but
when able to go to work was given a
position at Tracy as switchman. At
the end of the month he was given
considerable less pay tha he thought
was due him and coming to Oakland
went down to the mole and raised a
disturbance.
The officials believe that he means
to do them harm and as he has put
himself in their power they are not
gofng to be satisfied with anything
less than , an agreement on his part
to leave the county or stand trial for
his offense.
Ex-Brakeman Says That He Will De
part if Authorities Dismiss Case
Ajjain-t Him.
LA.\E AGAIN' SEEKS
TO LEAVE THE CITY
Shortly after the marriage of .Ger
trude Goewey to John W. Havens she
made a will in which she left her
share of the Goewey Estate Company
of San Francisco, valued at about $30,
000, to her four brothers, James M.,
Charles H.. Frank B. and Herbert S.
Goewey, it being property inherited
from their parents. This will was not
superseded until Mr3. Havens was on
her deathbed.
The birth of a son was the cause of
the mother's death. Shortly before
she died she said she wished to make
another will and left everything she
had to the boy. This will was filed
by Havens and shortly afterward the
former will was Hied by the. Goewey
brothers. They allege that their sister
was incompetent when she made the
last will and was unduly influenced
when she made it.
There is to be a contest over th«
estate of the late Gertrude Goewey
Havens and in an ansjver filed to-day
by John W. Havens to the protest of
the Goewey brothers against the pro
bating of the last will of their sister
he flatly denies their allegations and
will make a fight for the property left
his infant son by its deceased mother.
It is stated that there Is little likeli
hood of a compromise being effected.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. March 12.
Dying Mother Changes For
mer Testament at the Last
Minute and Fight Ensues
ALL LEFT TO HER BABE
Havens Answers the Goewey
Brothei-s' Protest Against
Probating Sisters Will
Dr. Power, tho resident physician
at the hospital, say3 that Mrs. Stark
is suffering from exophthalmic goitre
and. in his opinion, was insane when
brought to tho institution. He de
clared positively that Mrs. Stark had
never been, moved from the ward from
her entry into the hospital ur^til she
was taken home.
Mrs. Stark made the following state
ment last night:
'"Last Tuesday night, when J was suf
fering excruciating pain, and possibly
made considerable noise, Dr. Jaynes
told me that unless I shut up he would
tie my hands and feet and lock me in
the cellar. The agony I was in was so
great that 1 could not keep quiet and
the n«=xt day he carried out his threat
and I was taken to- the cellar below and
rr.y hunds and feet were both tied.
"On Wednesday my mother and broth
er came to the hospital for me and took
me home. They at first discredited my
story when I told them jbf the outrage
ous treatment I had received at the
hands of the hospital physician and his
assistants, and it was some time be
fore I ct-uld make them believe that
what I told them was true."
Detective Bailey was detailed on the
case. He found the reman in a very
weak and apparently dying condition
and sent for Assistant District Attor
ney Ward at 1 o'clock this morning to
take her dying statement.
A tale of purported cruelty almost
unbelievable is now under investiga
tion by the police upon the com
plaint of Mrs. Ray Stark of 2005 Mis
sion street. Mrs. Stark alleges that
while an inmate of the California
General Hospital on Douglass street
Dr. Jayncs had tied her hand and foot
and placed in the basement over
night because she soreamed with pain.
Mrs. Stark say? she entered the hos
pital on Tuesday and gave birth to
a child that night. On the following
evening she claims- that she wa*
bound and placed in the basement, be
ing left there until the following
morning. M. S. Nathan, a brother,
came to see her on Thursday after
noon ar.d h:>.d her taken home.
With tho acquisition of great wealth
their troubles began. They quarreled
while on a triu to Europe, but returned
together; Shortly afterward, however,
Mrs. Lindblom began an action for di
vorce. She alleged that Lindblom had
developed an unusual fondness for the
society of other women, and made her
travel second class in order to save
money on their trip abroad.
Before the case came to trial a com
promise was effected and Mrs. Lind
blom received 5180,000. It was during
these negotiations. Aldrich claims, that
he earned his fee.
A few years ago Lindblom was a
journeyman tailor In this city. He con
tracted the geld fever and went tu
Alaska, where he struck it rich. Ac
cording to his wire he I3 woith $3,300,000.
For his services in bringing about the
settlement of the difficulties between
Erik O. Lindblom. the Klondike mil
lionaire, and his wife, Mary A. Lind
blom, Attorney Hugh A!dr|ch demands
$5000. In a suit for this amount begun
to-day he says that he was promised
$7500. He has been paid J250J on . ac
count and is now suing for the balance
due.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 BiORdway, March 12.
ALAMEDA, March 12.— Fire broke
out this morning in an oil-burning loco
motive standing In the roundhouse at
the east end, and before the flames
were got under control and alarm was
turned in and the entire department
responded. The Cordes Hose Company
laid a line from High street and En
cinal avenue to the blazing: engine and
was ready to play a stream on the biy
machine when the employes In the
rountlhouse conquered the flames.
It was through a defect in the oil
burning apparatus that the locomotive
tcok f.re. An undiscovered leak had
permitted the inflammable fluid to
spread over the machinery beneath the
firebox. When the jets in the furnace
were lighted an explosion followed,
flames broke forth from under the loco
moiive and in an instant enveloped the
cab, causing the stoker to jump for
his life. The woodwork of the cab was
ruined and the oil-burners demolished.
The damaged engine was the ,flrst on
the south side local line to have an oil
burning furnace installed.
what difficulty and danger there is
among a lot of horses during a blaze.
The superintendents of stables could
have a fire drill occasionally with the
animals to accustom them to walk
down the chutes. One stable in Ala
meda has already arranged to put in
me escapes for horses."
"The late fire on Fifteenth street, in
which forty-nine horses were incin
erated, was a pitiful illustration of
what is liable to occur in any of the
larpre stables where the animals are
stalled on the second floor or higher.
In that fire the horses had no chance
for their lives. There was no passage
way leading from the upper floor out
of the stable. Our plan is to require
liverymen to have at least two chutes
leading directly to the ground from
ihe upper floors of barns where horses
are kept. Then there will be a chance
of getting the animals out of the stable
should a fire occur.
"These exits will be as useful to fire
me nas to horses, as we all know
Fire escapes and fire drills for horses
lodged in stables one or more stories
above the ground are advocated by
the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, and the organiza
tion will immediately inaugurate a
campaign to induce governing bodies
of the municipalities on this siOe of
the bay to enact ordinances requiring
liverymen to provide safety exits for
equines in cases of emergency. The
project of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals originated
with one of the members after the re
cent fire in the City stables in -which
forty-nine horses were burned to
death.
President Bey. E. E. Baker. Dr. Tom
Carpenter, Secretary Fred Johns and
Mrs. William Keith of the society are
planning a mearare to be submitted
to the City Council. It is intended to
submit like measures to the boards of
City Trustees in Alameda and Berke
ley. In speaking of the proposed reg
ulation Dr. Carpenter said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 12.*
CONTEST OVER
WOMAN'S ESTATE
Dr. Power, the Resident Phy
sician, Says Stop* Is Jiav
ing-s of Demented Woman
Drills for the Animals Are
Also a Feature of Scheme
to Save Them From Flames
Leak in Furnace Pipe Is the
Cause of Explosion That
Wrecks and Ignites Cab
MIND MAT BE AFFECTED
BIG 3IACH1NE DAMAGED
Lawyer Asserts That Ser
vices in Adjusting Suit for
Divorce Are Worth $5000
COMPROMISE EFFECTED
COMMENCES CAMPAIGN
Action Is Brought Against
Klondike Millionaire and
Wife to Recover a Fee
Society for Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals Wants
Chutes iiiTwo-StoryStaljles
AJameda Fire Department Is
Summoned to Extinguish
Oil Blaze on a Locomotive
Male Students Are Warned Away From Reception
to Senior Co-Eds and Obey Warning, While
Young Ladies of University Mingle in Festivity
Mrs. "Bay Stark Says She Was
Bound and Placed in a Hos
pital Easement Over Night
HORSES' SAFETY
IS CONSIDERED
TELLS A TALE
OF BRUTALITY
FLAMES BREAK
OUT IN ENGINE
ATTORNEY SUES
THE LINDBLOMS
DOGS AND BOYS ARE EXCLUDED
FROM SOPHOMORE GIRLS' FUNCTION
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MARCH .13.-' 1904.
40
T1IE MURDER EH WHO
. LAUGHED.
The Second of the
Remarkable Stories
By Albert Sonnichsen.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL*
Suburban realty Is advancing
rapidly — The present Is the
time to buy.
Secure a choice bargain XOW
through onr REAL ESTATE
COLUMNS.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAXD.
1118 BrQaduaj.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
214S Center Street.
Telephone North "•
ALAMEDA.
1435 rark Street.
Telephone Eagle 5O2.The market was bare of fine creamery But
ter yesterday, and in fact, all good Butter
was scarce, . receipts during' the past ¦ several
days • having been diminished by , the. storm.
But there arc large lines at railroad stations
anil steamer landincs in the country and along
the coast, waltlmr.for trains and boats to brine
them. in, and when transportation Is resumed
arrivals will be Just so much heavier. Under
the circumstances dealers are not asking 'any
higher prices, though they could have got al
most whatever they chose to ask ¦. yesterday. -
Cheese is weak at the decline.' Stocks are
Ellll , away above the market's capacity, and
dealers say that they would like-.. to see a
storm blockado , for a month es far as Cheese
Is concerned, , so that the supply ' might oe
reduced to a manageable quantity.
AVhile there is no scarcity in Eggs the re-
Butter. Cheese ajid Eggs.
LIVERPOOL. \
Wheat — March. Maj\ ,| u |y I
Opening r, $«;, <l s% ;
Closing: 0 8% « s-% !
PARIS.
Wheat — March. Scpt.-Dcc
Opening 21 85 21 05
Closing 21 70 21 SO
Flour —
Opening 23 15 20 SO
Closing ....£0 00 2D 70 ;
Northern AV heat Market.
PORTLAND. March 12.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 75c; Bluestem. 7Sfi80c; Valley, ' S0@S2c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 12.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem, 81c; Club, 76c.
Northern Business. I
SEATTLE. March' 12.— Clearings. $074,403:
balance*. |117,00S. , |
Foreign Futures.
Miscellaneous Markets.
The rate of dlxcount In the open market for
short bills Is 34T3 1-16 per cent and for three
months bills 333 1-10 per cent.
Cons money.. .R5 13-lClN Y Central 116'i
Do acct 85 15-10{Nor & Western.. 55 ij
Anaccnda -1H Do pfd 88
AU-hison 66^4 1 Ont & Western.. 20
Do pfd 81 Hi Pennsylvania 57%
Bal ft Ohio 70 Rand Mines S*-i
Can Pacific 113»4| Readinu 20«i
«'hes & Ohio.... 29H Do 1st pfd 30
Chi Great West. 143i Do 2d pfd 28T4
Chi. Mil & St P.142S!6o Railway l«a;
r>c Beers 191.4I Do pfd S.T-i
Den & Rio G 183iJFo Pacific 4?.%
Do pfd f.7%jUnion PaciHc 744i
Erie *J3»ii Do pfd 00
Do in pfd 63)4 1 U 8 Steel 1H6
Do 2d pfd 39 Do pfd BCT4
111 Central 130 Wabash 18
l/oui«! & Nash...lO4U Do pfd 34
M. K & Tex 17
Bar nilver^-Quiet 2C 5-16d per ounce
Money— 2',«®2«4 per cent.
London Closing Stocks. *
CHICAGO. March 12.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady
Creameries, 14ffv23^c; dairies. 13>/4<i?21c. Eggs'
weaker, 17Q17>ic. Cheese, easier, 10!4@ii c . '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
As usur.1 'on Saturday trade in Poultry was
very quiet and prices were larsrly nominal, but
as receipt* have been light Tluring the past
few ila>s owln»f to th; recent storm, there was
very little stock on hand and the market was
etcady et the close. A car of Western falls
duo to-morrow. Dressed Turkeys were easier
at 17<g22c per pound. scv?ral -cases being re
ceived Game was in good request and firmer
prires ruled for most descriptions. Quite a
quantity of Wild Plpeons were offering.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10©lSc vn Ib;
Geese, mr oalr. $2^2 25: Goslings, $2$2 25:
Ducks $5 50S« 50 per dozen for old and $(! .10
07 ifor young: Hens. $« 50(&,7 for large and $3
06 for small: younar Roosters. Sft 50^7 5£>; old
Roosters. $5®5 50; Fryers. $5 50ii« 50; Broil
ers $*©.*» BO for larse and $4 &0@5 for small:
Pigeons. 51 255? 1 00 P er dozen for old and $2 23
02 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. *3©3 50 per dozsn:
White Geese. .«1Q1 50; Brant. $1 50 for small
and *2 for large; Honkers. $5; English Snipe.
S3 50; common Snine. $1 50; . Wild Pigeons.
$1*0; Ribblts. $1 r.O©2 for Cottontails and
$lfil 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 DO.
Poultry and Game.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000: cheep, Btmnir;
lambs, firm; rood to choice wethers, $4 W?5;
fair to choice mixed, $4©4 50; Western sheep,
$3 l.vgS: nat.ve lanil s, $4Q5 05; Western
lambs, ?4 CC(gG.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 12,000; Monday, 30,
000; stronc nnd 5c lower; mixed and butchers,
?u 10(U't 45: good to choice heavy, $5 :\Tj-ut, 60:
roMRh htviry. ?3 O.'a5 SO; light, $4 S5@5 50
bulk :vf sules. $5 15(25 35. .
CHICAGO; March 12. — CATTLE — Receints.
300; stca<iy; KO<;d to prime steers, $5 25@C;
poor to medium, $3 W,<q\ 85; stockerH and
feeler-, $2 Um\ 35; cows. |1 *»ffi>* It); heifeig,
52 2.VTii 5<>: ennners. $1 00iJ/2 50>#bullF, 52^4;
calves. $2 7oi£;5 75.
CHICAGO
Livestock Market.
BAGS — CJraln Bags. C^ic spot and 5*ic June-
July: San Quentln." 5.55c; Wool Bass, 32@35c;
Fleeca Twine, .TW.^sc.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton: New Wel
lington, $S: Seattle. 56 50: Bryant. $0 50; llca
ver Hill. $6; Standard. ?7: Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. ?5 KO; Greta. $7;.WaIlFen«I. $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cuinb*rlnnd. $K; In bulk and $14 25 in
h.n-!>s; Pennsylvania Anthracite Kgg. $14;
W«J«h Anthracite Erk. $13; Lump.
(11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton: Coke. ?11 SOrdia
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. ?1I 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per Ion*; ton. according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
i add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallun for boiled and
I 47c for raw: Caytor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. ?1 lof'l 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 4."3c for raw; China Nut. .eo<370c per Ration;
Cocoanut OH. In barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 30c
for Austrcllan: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. NSc: natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural While
Oil COc; extra winter strained Lard Oil 75c;
No^ 1 Lard Oil. COc: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No 1 Ncatsfoot Oil. C5c: light Herring Oil.
4.V: dark Herrln* Oil. 43c- Salmon Oil. :iSc:
boiled K»si» Oil. ,40c: raw Fish -Oil. 3Sc; boiled
Paint Oil.- 35o: raw Paint OH. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14<v Pearl OH. In cases, ZD^c: Astral. 2OV5C:
Star iO'ic; Extra Star. 24Uc: Elaine. 2Ciic:
Eocene. CU'Ac; Deodorized Steve Gasoline. In
bulk. iOc: In caj^s. 22>^c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c: in cases. 18^c: 8C-degree Gasoline In'
bulk. . V5T In rases. 3Jc.
TITKPENT1NE — R4c r»r ?allon in cases and
TSc In Crums and Iron barrels.
RED AND "WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. P%»
7c per lb: WMte Lead. C>^@'c. acccrdin* to
SUGAR — Th<» MVnti«rn Cutrar Uefinlnr Com
rany (iuote? as follows, per lb. In 100-lb haw:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Cruthed. K.«5c:
Powdered. 5.50c: Candy Granulated. 5.50c:
Dry Granulatrd. fin*. 5.40r; Dry. Granu
lated rnarsc. .'¦ 5.40c- """nMt Granulated. n.4Oc:
Beet ' Granulaterf (100-lb bacs only). 5.2Oc:
Confectioners' A. S.4Oc: ' Magnolia A. no:
Extra C. 4.»0c; Golden. C. 4.S0c; "D."
4 70c' barrels. 10c more; half barrels. 25c more:
.boxes 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds' < Tablets— Half barrels. 5.!>0e; boxen,
fi 15c:' H. & E. Crystal Dcrotnos. S.40c per Ib.
No ordrrs takrn for less than seventy-five bar
rels or its equivalent. ....
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. MARCH 12/
Flour, qr eHs . . 25.SS4! Raisins, bxs '...'.'¦> 17
Wheat, ctls .... 64,72G|HId«s. No. .... 171
General Merchandise.
Money — I United Fruit 9fi!i
Call loans .'..3 ©4 |U S Hfel lO'.i
Time loans ...41s£»5Vii Do pfd ta^
Bond* — I M'eftinic Com . . 77 '
Atch Adjt 4e.... ?7»/4 Mining-
Do 4s 88 Adventure 2
Mcx Cent 4s ..'. C3 Allouez :fi/ 2
Railroads — lAmal Copper .... 4,"V«
Atchlson C4*i! Atlantic 714
Do irefd SS'ilUinKhain l«j
Boston & Albany.243 I Calumet & Hecla.450
Boston & Maine.lt'-"» Centennial 10-74
Boston El l.'JS I Copper Range .. :»-•«
Fitehburs pfd .. 1.5 iDaly West 3:p,;
Mex Central ... 10',SlDom Coal 5-TJ
N Y N H & H..t«O I Franklin 7H
Pere Marquette... 7S ICrancy 314
Union Pacific ... 72 Isle Royale 714
Miscellaneous— Maps iilnfns .... :t%
Amer An?e Chem. 13 jMlchissn 4'/i
Do pfd 74!ilMofcawk 35'
Amer Pnc-u Tube. 4 jO!d Dominion ... OV3
Am«-r Sugar 123 lOsccola 55V4
Do l»fd. J 22% Parrot 22%
Amrr Te! & Tel. 121 IQuincy igt
Amer Woolen ... 10 | Shannon 7%
Do pfd 7.'5U! Tamarack 90
Dom Iron & Steel. 8 I Trinity 414
Kd Eke Ilium.. 234 \V S Mlnlns 20><,
Ocn Electric 15O«4! IJ S Oil 8%
Mass Electric 17% Utah 33%
Do pfd 72 I Victoria 3
Mass Cas 38 jWlnona fit^
Un Sho* Mat!).. 46 (Wolverine 74
Do pfd 29 I
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
NEW YORK. March 12.— Money on call was
seminal; no loans.
Time loans were ct'ady with Fixty days at
S oer cent; ninety days, 3^ per cent; six
months. 4*i 4> 4 it cent.
Prime mercantile pepT. IMG&M per cent.
Sterling rxchaace w&.s Mcudy with actual
r.usmeF* in bankfrs' bills* at *>4t>G7O^4.W>75 for
demand and at *4.S3>;ufc 1.8390 for eixty day
-kills.
I'ostr^l rates. *4 M',-i<«4 S7U.
« > omm»"-cial hi'.lr. ?4 >±}%<!j 4 »v>?i.
Har silver. I»7c.
Mexican doilurs. 45c.
Uondt — Governnr.ents, pteady; railroads, easy.
Nczv York Stocks and Bonds.
NETV YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock*— Sales. Hisrti. Loir. CIos^
Atchison 4.S11O «Ht^, ty 04 ,-
AtrhiEon pf<i 2<>i SS» l ~ NS«4 S<<ii
Bcltitnore & Ohio. 7.KO 7.5% 73<» Vih,
Bait & Ohio pfd
< a;:acian i'acific .. 1*00 110% lt'j'i llO'i
f'or.tral of N J 153
<:hesap & Ohio : ZHV.
l-hi & Alton 601) 3 3S
<"hi & Alton pfd... ••»><> SO 8s» f<0>-i
< hi & Great West. 4UD 14'i 14U 14%
<:hi & Northwestn 1C1
fhi Mil & St Paul. 6,600 15S£ 137% 1.I8
< hi Mil & St P pfd 12.;
< hi Tertn Si Tran. .... 0
Chi Term & T pfd. 300 13 13 igi,
«' C C & St Louis 741*
OjIo Southern 300 17% 174 1***
<o!o Scuth 1st nfd ,. 5114
Colo Scuth 2d p.'d 231*
I>el & Hudson 1.000 150 143 149%
Del Lack & West 2.V)
Denver & R G IS
Denver &. R G pfd. 100 C5>4 QK <;5i;
Erie ' 4,100 22*« 22Si 22'-.;
Krie 1st pfd «5CO Cl*i *;i»i cm
Krte 2<5 i>fd 200 S7V4 3T».i 37»«
Hocklnjf Valley 72Vi
llocklns Val pfd.. 5O0 7S«i 77 77
Illinois Central ... 400 126», 12CU 12014
1-jv.a Central ...; 17
Jowa Central pfd :»
K C Southern IC«
K C Southern pfd 31
Louis *- Na»h 2frt 102 10I»i' 102
Manhnttai; L 700 141 139=i 140«:
Mrtrwp^l Securities 700 SO 7.". 75
Meirojmlitan Kt Ry 14.000 1IO« IOCS l<«is;
il'nr. & St Ix>uiF * M
m st p t s ste m. iw 59U r.9'« r.a
M StP4-S Kte M pfd IOO 117 117 117
Misnouri Pacific .. 7.00 87*i 87 S7>i
Mo Kan & T«?xa«.. €00 16'4 10'4 16>i
Mo Kan & T pfd :>q
Nat RR of Mex pfd - - - .- 3t«-}
N Y Central 1.700 11.1?; 112^4 113Vi
Norfolk & West.. O00 &4 5314 63*i
KorTolk & TV pfd '* gi m
«"'n' = rio & West.. 1,500 m^ in:Z inU
r.i T.gylv«nl«. S5.400 112^ 111U 1!2 -
Pitt. C C & St L „ ™ 6 5
P.P2/.ir.jr 2.400 S3>i so?: ;:»!'
Hearting let prd "._ -q J
Rcfitlinrr 2d pfd * " * " r^j
Uo<-k Inland Co.... 2.00S 10^4 j»% jo.r
ftof k IslaDrt Co pM. SOrt mu Bali 5314
Ft !. t S F M pfd. 300 4114 41 S 4Ji;
Ft lyouis S W iS x/
Ft I^xjis P W pfd. 700 3HJ 31 1: 31 1;
fouthem Parif.c .. 2.S00 42% 42' 421!
Pouthrrn UaUway.. ovi 19U; 1!» 131;
Southern Tly nfd... 40<i Sl'i Kit; *i '.
Jcxas & Pacific ... 100 225, 22% 225;
Ate York Money Marker.
CHICAGO. Marcii 12. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, quiet; winter patents, $4 SO
SiC; straights. $4 r»0fi>4 70; spring patents, $4 00
414 SO; straights. $4 10®4 25; bakers', ?.%;{ SO-
No. & wheat, WiiSWc; No. 2 rod. 04ftC.Sc; ~No. 2
corn, 51 ',ic; No. 2 yellow. Ii2Vic; No. 2 oats,
40«J40%c; No. :i white, 40(&4.tc; No. 2 rye, tisc;
Kco<l feedlnK barley, ."G(fi;5!ic; fair to choice
malting. 4r>6i55c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 O!}; So. I
Northwestern. $1 l«Vi: prime timothy eeed.
J3 10; mess pork, per barrel. $14 1216814 -3:
lard, per 100 pounds, $7 20<Si 7 22 '{. ; short rlba
sides (loose), $7(57 25;, short clear aides (boxed),
$7 .T7'^<S7 5o; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 2S; clover, contract grade. ?11 35.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour (barrels) 44..'{<X> • 31 ,000
Wheat, bushels :t2..'«H> :il.4CO
Corn, bushpls iri".200 ~U,"(H)
Oats, bushels '325,700 101,060
Rye, bushels 11, SOU 8, COO
Barley, bushels OS.COO iti.COO
Cash Grain and Provisions,
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, $110
fit 20 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks. ?1 25<j/l 40
l»er ctl; Itiver Re.l.«. $lf ( ;i 10 iw ctl; small
Oregon Burbanka for seed. OOcSJl 10 per ctl;
(Jarnet Chiles, flfpl 15 per ctl; Early Rose,
45iai So per ct!; Sweet Potatoes. $2 50 pir
ctl. new Potatoes. Sif/S'ic per Ib.
ONIONS — Yellow. $2 <Xi{i2 75 per ctl for Or
egon and $2 U04/." for Nevadan: Green Onions,
;jwt5uc per box.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. ]2"A*?15e per lb
for extra,- O01Oe fcr No. I and CffSc fo'r No.
2: Rhubarb. 01'. Sc rer lb; Green Peas, :i@5c
P«r Ib for Ia>s Angeles and f..7j7c for bay;
String Beans. HiSrlSc per lb: Tomatoes. 75c1J
$1 50 per b.ix or crate for Los Angeles and
$1 25511 7S for Mexican: Summer Squash from
I.cs Angeles. ?l 25S1 ".0 per bos; Cabbage.
$1 10 ter ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack:
Hothouse Cucumber?. 75cft$l 2.1 per ' dozen;
Garlic. < r .i&<;c P«r lb; Ksrg Plant. 20Q25c
per lb: Dried Peppers. 5ffSc per ib for Stock
ton and 10®12lic for southern; Dried Okra.
lC@12V»c per Ib; Groen Peppers. 15fft25c per
lh- M-Jshrcoms. l.VS-'JOc per lb: Marrowfat
Squash. 1®1V*C per Ib: Hubbard. »ic per lb. -
Receipts or Potatoes were light and. although
tra'fe was of a narrow character, sellers were
still firm in their View*, and the best offerings
of Oregon Burbanks. ex-steamer, were held at
a slight advance. Some dealers were still ask
ing si 23 per cental, for river Burbanks. but
no sales «tre rirmrtcd at that figure. There
was an active market lor s«eil Potatoes antf
all kinds were hlehcr. Early Rose belnr the.
tirmtst description. SweeU were dull and of
fered freely at a sS:arn decline. There was no
change In Onions.
Receipts of Asparagus were 050 boxes, the
largest t:ius far for the season, and prices uf
all smiles were shaded, but the market cleaned
up well under a steady demand both for local
use and shipping- The Rhubnrb Association
fchlpp^ii In about 100 boxes of Rhubarb, which
was firmly held in the morning at 7(gSc per
pound, but jirices weakened later on upon the
receipt of several consignments from outside
growers, which were offered freely at the ln
sitlo quotation. Some dealers who had pur
chased supplies from the Association were
anxious to clean ui>. even at cost. The other
vegetableb were In, Rood supply and showed but
flight variation. A steamer arrived from
Mexico with T>C2 boxes Tomatoes and 20 boxes
Green Peppers.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetable*.
EASTERN 3IAKKETS.
(I*fXh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 12, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<!«te 86 compared with those of eame date last
season and rainfall in la«t twenty -four hours:
Last This Last
Staticr.s — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Kurtka O.0<> 45. PO
Red Bluff 0.01 24.18 19.90
Sacramento Trace 12.06 12.28
San Francisco 0.01 K..24 12.94
Fresno ©.00 4.52 V.3.1
Independence O.Oo l'.7fi 1.82
San Luis Obispo O.OO 10. C4 13.43
T.O5 Angeles O.OO 4.95 9.97
EU Diego O.CO 4.05 9-72
THE COAST RECORD. -
¦¦= 2 2 V 2 *3
z ??¦ *^^ <~ *"> -3
? r'*-'5.<-9 <¦" r.
- = ~ = 3 ~ *> 5 £
STATIONS. 7 a=2=:= g"7 ¦" »
? *l" =. : = r -
'.--'. '. 3
'. • y ~. • z '
Ea!«r 3»MO 40 .. s>E C'.oudy Tr.
< "arson 30.10 '.n 24 V." Pt.Cldy .01
Fresno 30.14 7>S 3* NW Clear .<»i»
FlaRftaff 1".'.I!2 40 26 NW Clear -01
Pcxitello 3<i.22 ::« 24 S Pt.Cldy Tr.
Indejrendence 3i». 12 54 :;2 SE Cloudy -CO
l-o* Angeles. .:;i>. 14 <"4 42 \V J'lear .<4)
Mt Ta:r.alj>ais.3<>.24 44 33 W Pt.Cldy .12
North Hea<J..r.».S*O 4li .. W Cloudy .44
Photr.ix 29.95 70 .".'» SW Pt.Cldy .<»>
Portlcnd 2».»4 it: 4<» BW Rain .."fl
Htd BlOlf 30.20 .".(! in SE Cloudy .{¦!
ttomttmrg 30.00 .12 :»i BW Cloudy .«.t)
Fai-ranifnt.j . .."n.22 54 4't HE Cloudy Tr
*a!t Lakr 3O.24 <2 IS SE Clear Tr.
Fan Francis.-o.:t0.21 :<i 44 \V Cloudy .02
ir. L. ObUpO.*.30.1S «4 V< W Pt.Cldy .00
Pa:i Uleso 50.00 G 4S SW Clear .00
Seattle 2".».7S 44 ."4 S Rain .14
fi;>ckane 'M'..<H 4<5 33 8 Cloudy Tr.
Tatoush l".i.72 42 :M SW Cloudy .IS
Walla tValla:.30.CC r^j :;« SE Cloudy .01
..In. 12 41 22 S Cloudy .($
Yuma 30X4 72 4G N CUar .00
Another storm has apr^ar^d off the northern
ooaat and may move southward. Rain is fell
ing from the mouth r,f the Columbia River
northward and high winos prevail along the
northern coast.
The temperature has risen in Nevada and
has remained nearly stationary In California.
The rivers are falling slowly in the northern
r-art of the State ard rising in the lower Sac
ramento Valley. The ctcet o.' the high water
Tvi'I probably pass Sacramento Sunday. The
following river readings arc reported: San
Jcaquin hri'ice. l.'5.2. rising: Sacramento. 2'5.7.
ricing: Marysvi'Ie It;. 2 fall'.nR; Tchaina. 13.5,
falling; Rtd HIufT. 17.«i. falling. Southeast
storm xtarr.inRs are hoisted at Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 13:
Northern California — Showers Sunday; frtsh
southeast w:ndf.
Southern California — Fair Sunday: light
north winds; light frost in the interior.
Nevada — Cloudy Sunday.
Ean Francisco — Cloudy Sunday, probably
eh'jwers; brisk woutheast winds.
A. U. McADlE. District Forecaster.
R!d.A«k.l B:d.\.«k.
Bav CPC ".-.ICO 10S IK P Co 44s. !»» 93
B L Wat (Js. — 120 I Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
• Unlisted Securities.
Continued on Pnjre Forty-Seven.
There is no change to report und»r this head,
all markets being quiet and devoid of special!
feature. I
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls end brands sell >
about Hfllc under quotations. Heavy Salted !
Stpers. 6Vic: medium. *4e: light. 7?ic: Cow
Hiaes. Sc for heavy and 7'ic for licht; Sta«. I
(ic; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted !
Calf, lie; dry Hidn«. 15<»l«c: dry Kip. K$c: dry
Calf. ISc: Shofpsklns. shearling?. 2.'.®:!0c each;
short Wool. 40fS05c each: m»dlum. '(XgDOi-: long
Wcol. $1©1 50: Horse Hides. ?alt. $2 75 for
lartr«- and $2Q2 50 for medium. $1 25«1 75 for
jrnnll and 5Cc for Colt?". Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and SI 50 for medium. $1®1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry'
Mexican. 31c. dry galled Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. "Ic. Goat Pklns — Prime An
1 s-oras. • 7r-c; large and smooth, 50c; medium
ZZtc; fmall. 20e. *
TALI OW— No. 1 rendered. 4Vi@4Uc per Ib:
I No. 2. ?.V.i«4c: grease. 2$&*S3c
i WOOI. — Fall clip — ?«" Joaquin I-ambV. JWJ
lie: Middle County. 11*f12c; Northern defent
1 ive. mffJOc: Nfvnrta. 13fI15c; Oregon, fine. 1S9
I 19r- Orornn. Tieditim. 17c per lb.
jiOFR- 25f?30c ner lb for CalKomtn. W(K.
and ?Oc for cron or 1004. Siles of 1904 Oregons
I and Wash:n;tons at 15«ri7c.
i Xn fiirtbsr change in quotations was reported
, yesterday.
: DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates frcm slaughterers to dealers
' ar" ¦• foMows:
i IJEEF — 7@Sc for Steers nnd C»i@7c per Ib
! for <Yiws.
I VEAL — Large, SijJS>,ic: small, SJfOc per lb.
I "Sit'TTON— Wethers, 9»i®J0c; Ewes. 0904c
! p^r lb.
; LAMB— Yearling*, lie; Pnrlne. 18c.
I ' PORK— Drer«od Hog-s. 7f? ¦*>-<? n«r lb.
j LIVf:STOCK MARKET.
i The following quotations are for good, sound
1 Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, jess 50
i per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
I CATTLE— Steers, S'SOc: Cows and Heifers,
: 7@Sc: thin C0W3. 4f?3c per lb.
! CALVES— 4S4*jC per lb (pross weight).
! SHEEP— Wcthfrs. 44G5c; Ewes. 4fc@44c
r per lb Across weisTit).
I LA31KS — 54{i«c per lb.
! HOOS5 — I-ive Hue«. 140 to 200 lbs 5-*4c;
ov'-r H)O lbs. 5HG&3MK soft H02S. 44«4»ic:
Sows. .20 cer cent off; Borirs. 50 per csnt OS.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Now -that the Lima Bean districts have sot
the rain kn easier feeling is reported in this
doscriptloii and i-mall White; though neither
l:a<» yet artuully declined. The other Beans are
dull, and altosether the Bian market is quieter
all around.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 S5«S2 55: Pea. $3; But
ters $:{; small White, $::«:; 15; large White.
$2 50&2 SO; Pink. $3 2()©C 35; Rfd. ?4 7r.©5;
Lln:a, ?:; 30©3 :i."; Red Kidneys, 54 50«5:
Btackeye, $2 10© 2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans. $2®
2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 75©4; Yellow
Mustard $303 25; Flax. $1 hO&l 'JO; Canary.
5>-'.4j5»,c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14S14»ic; ICape.
lV«&2c; Timothy. G&6*&c; Hemp. ZVi'&'lMv per
lb; Mi'.ict. Si&.'I'/jc; Broom Com Seed. $J0@21
per ten.
DRIED PEAS— Blaf key?, $2 25Q2 50 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
The drenching and widespread rains, with
tbe rapidly growing green grass, are producins
their natural effect on these markets. Hay is
about ¦50c off, thouKh no sharp decline is ex
pected, and Bran and Shorts ure also quoted
quiet nnd lower. Middllnss remain hich and
unchanged.
BRAN— $1H oCSlO 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— ?27 50ST21) per ton
SHORTS — $1S 50'rrlO 50 !>er ton
FEEDSTUFFS — llclled Barley. $2:: 50^24 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 SOGSl;
Jobbing. $:!'_•; Cocoanut Cake. $22@2j; Corn
Meal, $2!l 5C@.1O 50: Cracked Corn, J30@31:
Mixed Feed, $22^23; Horse Beans. $U0@
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl
HAY — Whtat. $lf>fll7 50; Wheat and Oat.
$15fil7; Oat. 514 50S10; Wild Oat, fl.'StfzlS;
Barley, '$13015; Stock, nominal — none here;
Alfalta. 512&13 50.
STRA^\¦— M'u '75c per bale.
Hav and Feed stuffs.
CHICAGO. March 12. — The unrcrponsive
character of the Liverpool cables had a de
pressing effect upon the wheat market during
the first hour. The EmrllEh markets failed, to
reflect the strfnsrth shown in Chicago, and as
a result opening quotations here were easier.
May being Vic to 4c lower at 954c to »5?ic;
July M-asi'jC to %c lower at 90c to 90»&c. An
other factor of almost equal Importance was
the probability of relief from drouth in Kan
sas and Oklahoma. The weather bureau pre
dicted rain or mow throughout the West and
Southwest. Under these influences there was
quite jreneral selling early in the day. May
declined to !'5c. while July was carried down
to JWfciC. Seme information received from the
Northwest at this juncture made trade! s for
get about the rain and caused enough buy
ing to advance above yesterday's closint: fig
ures. Large sales of flour — 50.000 barrels — were
reported frorr. Minneapolis and 100,<XH> bushels
of wheat wers reported taken at "Duluth. A
sharp rally in com proved a bull factor in
wheat, starting shorts to cover. A dispatch from
Odessa claimed considerable anxiety Is be
ing felt m regard to th« condition of the grow
ing crop. The market held strong during the
last half hour, the close bMng at the top,
with May 904c. Final figures on July were
at Ul?s®914c.
In corn May opened a shade higher to 4 ( @% c
lower at Sll-'ic to 5;JV s c. After sellins be
tween 52 s 4c and 54>4c. thn close was at 544c-
July ranced between OO^e anil 51%c, and
closed with a cain of ?«c at 51 vie.
In oats the strength In wheat and corn
was a bull factor. May o:»ened unchanged
to hie lower at 41c to 414<-\ After ranging
between 40 T ic and 41',«c. the close wa3 at
41%c. July clcsfd Vic higher at 3'J^c, after
selling between ZWiQSd'Ac.
Provisions made modest reins on a light
trade. Tbere was a firm opening in sym
pathy with a better tone In hors. but the
market soon eased a trifle on Helling by pit
traders. A rally occurred later, du« to the
strength in corn. There was a good demand
for May i>ork and that commodity closed 274
@:tOc iiigher at $14 25. May lard was up 74c
at $7 .17 4 and ribs 10c at *? :55.
TVie leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 05*4 nr.4 05 ft«Vi
July (old) ni', !).-,% 91 % $>3
July (new) S)0% 91 4 ,vj% ju^i
Sept <old) 85% J>7% S5% 874
Sept (new) 84 f B SOU SI 1 * Su»i
Corn No. 2 —
May 63H 54U 52*4 R4H
July 51 51 M 50% Sl%
September 50'4 50 T i 49*i ' 50'w
Oats No. 2—
May 414 414 10"; 41 'i
July aD'i -394 ss 7 s ::«»«
SeiPtember Z)% 33% a:iVi 4
Met-s Pork, per bbl — •
May .., 13 974 14 25 13 974 11 L7.
July ..> 14 25 14 50 14 20 14 474
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 7 35 7 :S74 7.124 7^7'i
July 7 474 7 524 7 474 7 524
Short Ribs, per JCO lbs—
May 7 25 7 7 25 7 H5
July 7 40 7 474 7 37',i 7 47V.
Future Grain and Provisiom.
Weather Report.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. SI SC@
5 10. usual terms; Bakers* Extras. $4 7C@5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5S4 25
per bbl. . .
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. ¦ 53 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $:: 25: Rye Meal. $C: Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $:i 25; extra oream do, $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $404 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 SOg 4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Ka
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $;: 50; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25(gS «:0; in sacks. $i> 7i@s 10;
Pearl Uarley. $«; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. ?5 50 per 100 lbs. . ; •
Flour and Millstuffs.
Cal NW 5s.. 111?; — I Do 3s 102% —
SF Drdk 5s. — 11341 Suttr-st R53.1ft5 113
SF & NP 5s.llO:,112 I UR of SF 4s. 79fi 80
S P C Ry4a. — IOO |
£ MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. ... 23 25!4|Nev Nat Bk.lS0 202
Cal Cot Mils. — 95 IN S R R... 11 —
C. Jockey Cl. 8^> 120 | N C P Co... 9Vi —
Cal Powder. 12.1 — Oak Bk Sav.1124 —
Cal Ship Co. 15 SO Oak T Co... B3 —
Cal T I * T. — 130 IOOF Hall A. 3}i —
Cen Bk. Oak C-.'s — Orpheum Co. — 16%
Chutes Co .. 7 — Pac. S Tel Co.100 —
City & C Ek. — 112 Paraf Paint. 38 —
East Dynm.150 2:50 S F Drydock. 60 —
FX Bk Oak. 12O — SF&SJ Coal. 20 —
Fischer Thtr "14 2 IB J Wat Co. — 1<MI
Frnch-A Bk.105 — | SO & MTgbt. — 185
Gas Con A. 194 21 Swiss- A Bk.113 —
Hono P Co.. 124 — Truck Elect. — 13
Lon& SF Bk — HO UR Ir.C pfd. 444 —
Mat Nav Co. — 90 Do com ... 104 —
Mils Nat Ek.SOO — j
Morning Session.
Street—
7C Al*meda Sugar Co 23 00
$1,000 S F &. N P Ry 5 per cent 111 25
California Stock and OilExchangs
Oil Stock — Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 35
Apollo 44 -IS
A.«<-ociatfd Trust Cert 20> 21
Aztec 7S SO
Ctrlbou 2 •*> 2 10
Centra! Point Con K\ ....
Chloaro Crude 1»
Claremor.t 48 5rt
Ksperanza 20ft
Four «>
Fulton - •••• 3 75
Giant 1»
H;ir. f ord H« 0t> ,
Mom» 1 '-- V 3 1 2.". 1
Independence l-"» 17
Junction r. 15 ....
Kern 6 00 1
; Kerr. Rlvtr 13 00
Monarch of Arizona 41 ....
Monte Cristo 75 SO
Ofcidental cf W Va 13
Oil City Petroleum S-T 35
Peerless 13 8f> 14 !U>
Pi'.Ubnrg 15 25
The San Francisco "Clearing-house has Issued
the fallowing notice to members: "The Clear
ing-house committee has decided that Indorse—
merit! T»v any bank or banker or order."
'Pay' to the* order of any bank or banker' and
all e'.rr.ilar indorsements are restrictive, and
»r.y clearings having such indorsements there
©n'are returnable to the clearing bank, as per
resolutions of the San Francisco Clearing-house
adopted Jur.« IS and 25. 1S96."
Clearinghouse Notice.
NEW YORK, March 12. — The cotton market
closed generally quiet and steady with prices
at about last night's level.
New York Cotton Market.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Exports of specie from New York for the
week were $754,230 in silver and fl, 278,703 In
gold.
Imports of rrx»cle at New York during the
week were fll,C21 gold and S3G94 silver.
NEW YORK. March 12. — Total Imports of
dry goods and general merchandise at the port
of New York for the week ending to-day wore
valued at S11.31S.37G. v
Exports and Imports.
Local Bar.k Clearings for the week Ju*t ended
vt-« $26,116,332. against $27,770,069 for the
• *-«¦ week last year, showing a decrease of
SI. €53.737. The clearings during the corre
sponding week in 1502 were 526,752,228.
Bank Clearings.
Tol St L & West.. 100 24 21 22
T»l Et L & W nfd 33
Union Pacific 9,000 724 71*4 72 'i
Union Pacific pfd .... 8GVj
Wabash 9.100 17>4 17'^ 17*i,
Wabaah pfd 500 33 *± 32^4 33
¦VV Sc Lake Erie 14'i
"Wisconsin Central 17»»
Wlecon Cent pfd... 600 40 39 39^
Express Companies —
Adams 1 220
American r.. lss
United States 103
Wells-Fargo 205
Miscellaneous^ —
Amalgam Copper.. 2.90O 451.4 44% 45>^
Am Car.* Fdy 100 1»' 19 19'i
Am Car &. Fdy pfd 200 69 09 <K»
Am Cotton Oil 300 28»4 28^ 29
Am Cotton Oil pfd .' . .... fcS ;
American Ice 400 7*i 7^ 7
American Ice pfd.. 100 2»H 29^ 2".»>i
Am Linseed Oil S» 4
Am Lin Oil pfd 26Mi
Am Locomotive ... 300 21% 21}4 21%
Am Locomo pfd -81
Am Smelt & Rfg.. 500 4CH 4'5 4I »
Am Sm & Rfg pfd 91
Am Sugar Rfg 2.000 123*4 122% 123
Ar.aeon Mining Co 62.
Brook Rap Tran.. 7.700 39T«i 39'.& 3»*g
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 400 26^ 25 »i 26
Consolidated Gas... 1.300 1S>OH 1S9 189)4
Corn Products 700 13>i 13^ 13 Vi
Corn Products pfd * C4
Distillers Securities 23^4
General Electric .. 30<> 160 159>£ 159
Ir.tematl Paper .. loo 1114 111, 1114
Int Pai>er pfd 100 C5 C5 «5
Internatl Pump 33
Int Pump r>fd 71 '4
National Lead 20O 14H 14*i 14V4
North American .. 200 £04 80 80
Pacific Mail 200 254 254 2T.I.4
People's Gas 6,200 »4',4 92% 9"4»
Pressed Steel Car. IOO 2S 28 ' 27«4
Pressed St Car pfd 100 C94 694 "9
Pullman Pal Car 2(iS
Republic Steel 714
Republic Steel pfd. 100 42 41 »4 42
R-j*.ber Goods 100 18'.4 1S : 4 18»4
Rubber Goods pfd 75
Tenn Coal & Iron. 100 35 35 S5
1* S Leather ICO 0% «t$ fifj
V S Leather pfd.. % 2fK> 77 77 77
C S Realty 300 5«i . r >4 5«i
U S Realty pfd 1.300 4C4 45?4 46 H
I' S Rubber 12^
IT S Rubtier pfd... 2tiO 49^4 49U 49
V S Steel 1.000 10^, 104 104
T' S Steel pfd 11,100 554 5514 554
V.>«lr.Rhpuse Elec 15."
Western Union . . . 200 88=* 8S4 SS
Northern Securities M"»
Total sales 169.700 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, March 12.— Bond transactions
of United Railroads of San Francisco: 5000 at
579.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid *4 124; asked, $4 374., Pre
ferred—Bid. $:;$; asked, $3S 50.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg. .1044;Louis & N Unl 4s. 0S4
Do coup 105 -Manhattan c g 4f.lD.'t" s
Do 3s reg ...IOC | Mex Cent 4s C4
Do coup 1C64! Do lit Inc 13" s
Do new 4.s reg.l324lMinn & St L 4s. 9«
Do coup 1:5241 M K &. T 4s »8
Do ola 4s reg.lC*;^! Do 2ds 774
Do coup 1074iN R It of M c 4s 74*f«
Atch gen Is 100VN Y Cent g 34s. 91%
Do adjt 4s . . SS |N J Cent g 5s..l29=j4
Atlantic C 1^ 4s. 91 | Nor Pacific 4s... 103
Balto & O 4s ..lUl=SiNor Pacific 4s 70=4
Do 3'is 9.!4i Nor & W c 4s. 97 4
Cent of Ga 5s...lC5 JO S Line 4s & Par 91%
Do 1st inc .. CG IPenn conv 34«.. 954
Clses & O 4 4s... 101 I Reading Gen 4s.. 05 «-j
Chi & Alton 34s. 7C | St L &, I M c 5s. 113
<; B & Q n 4*.. Ol^lSt L & S F fg 4s. Sl%
r. M & S P g 4S.1CS |St L S W lsts.. !l2»4
("hi & N W c 7s. 12S 4 Seaboard A L 4s.. «19
C R I & P K 4s. C8 Vi ! Southern Pac 4s. SS^
Do col £s 7«i*4i Southern Ry 5s. .111*4
C C C & S L g 4s iiSHiTes & Pac lsts.lloH
Chi Term 4s 79 I Tol St L & W 4s. 09*4
Ccn Tobacco 4s. 57 | Union Pac 4s ..103*4
Colo & So 4s .. 84 I Do conv 4s 95^,
Colo F & I «• 5s. 70 lU S Fteel 2d 5s. 72%
Denver & R G 4s. 0741 Wabash lsts 115'i
Erie prior Hen 4s !*>•%] Do Deb B 5R=J
Do Gen 4« 94V»| Wheel & L E 4s. 87
Ft W & D C 1st. 104ii I Wis Cent 4s S94
Hocking Val 44s.lO4"il
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20iOntarj o 4«0
Alice l*;Ophir 4 nu
Breece 1«»| Phoenix O»i
Comstock Tunnel.. 071Potosi :>:;
Con Cal & Va 1 7<i| Savage OS
Horn Silver 1 201 Sierra Nevada ... 40
Iron Silver 2 00; Small Hopes 22
L^adville Con ... 021 Standard 2 50
Little Chief CCi
NEW YORK. March 12.— There was a fair
inquiry in the local metal market to-day. Tin
continues firm, with spot at S2S®2S 50.
Copper was quiet and more or less nominal.
Lake. $12 r>0<i?12:75; electrolytic end casting,
fl2 371i<gl2 C2'i.
Spelter— Qu'et. *C(5J» 10.
Lead— Steady. ?4 C0®4 65.
Ircn — Quiet, unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
JJank of Cal.404 427H!Meroh Ex. .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 |S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 220O |Pav A L So. — iflO
Hum S & L. — — I Sec Sav Ek. — 450
Mutual Sav.lOO — | Union T Co. —
S F Sav U.C25 . — t
STREET RAILROADS.
Callfo'rnla ..19."! 20O [Presidio — 41
Geary — SO | .
POWDF.R.
Giant — — [Vigcrit 3?4 4=;
SUGAR.
Ifana P Co. — 40c IKIlauea S C. — ."•
Hawaiian C. 40 4»iTi|Makaweli C. 21^; C2»'.
Honokaa S C J2 l.'!'/»|Onomea R C 22'i 2:» "
Hutch S P..' S'i S^IPaauhau S P 13 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.1TO 110 | Oceanic S C. 4% r.
Cal F C A. 9« — I Pac Aux FA. 5 " 0
Cal Wine A. 91 D'J | Pac C Eorx.lC7 —
MVt MtTm.100 — |
Mcrnir.g Session.
Board —
20 Hawaiian Ccml & Sugar Iff M
40 Pacific Coa?t Bornx it>7 tv.t
30 S F Gas & Electric 5!) .S7'i
St.GOO Hawaiian fcml & Sucar 53 fis 25
?1.0C/0 Spring Valley i 3 (3d mtge)..tSW
Street —
10 California Win? Association..*. 91 r.0
10 Prtsldio Railroad 40 50
SATURDAY. March 12—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
BId.Ask. Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup-.107>^lC8^i 4.-t qr cp new.l32U —
4s qr reg . . .107'/il0SV» 3s qr coup ..lC«VilO7
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — |O T Co 6s.T18-;il9ti
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 ! Do 5s . . .110^112»-i
C'al C G 5a. — 101U Do con 5s. 99?< 4 in2!i
Cal G & E g Oceanic 3 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 85 Om Cable 6s. 122 —
Cal-st C 5s.llC*;il7<i Fac G Im 4a. — . 93
C C Wat 5s. — lOOtit P E R C 5s.lft5«4 —
E L & P fis.123 131 P & C H 6s.in3<^108<3
F & C H Os.114 — |P & O R Cs.116 —
Geary-st 5s. 45»J 90 j Powell -st 6*. — —
H C&S 5^s.lO4 — |S E G R 5s. — ICO
Do 5s ... «8 l 4 — |SF & SJV5S.US —
Hon R T 6s.lOC — | Sierra R 03.112^ —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 \S P of A 6s
L- A Ry 6».U2«i — I iHtCS) 105*i —
L A L Co 6s — — I <1010> 100?4 —
Do *td Ca. — . — [S P of C Cs
Do 5s ...1O3S4 — , onC5)Sr A.104t;i04Ti
LAP lcmSs.lOHi _ «19fl5)Sr B.105U —
Mkt-st C fa.116 — f (1BC6) 107 —
Do lem 5a.l15 — ! (1912) ....11SH —
MV&Mt T53.101 111-JilSPC leg 5s. — 11*
NRR of CCs.107 — I Do stmpd..ir,S 109U
Do 5.«s ...11S»; — |S P R R es.l."r4 —
N P C R .'.S.1C5 — |S V Wat (ta.HMUKMU
N C Ry r.s. — — ! Do 4s 2dm. !>S'i 9S T S
X C P C 5s. — 100 ! Do 4n ."dm. 98 —
N S R C 5s. OS 100^4 IStkn GSrE fis. — —
O G LAH 5s.loyV4 — |U G * E 5s. - 109
O W gtd 5s. — 100 I
WATER STOCKS. *
Contra Costa 3S*i 41 I Port Cf.sta .. — —
Marin Co.... — C2'i'S V Water. 39!» 30'i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 4 fs F G & E. 50*4 GO
Mutual EL.— 11 IStkn G & E. 5 —
Pac Lt Co.. 55U _ [U G & E... 27'i 31
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — !
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd — 345 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 123 |Lon P & A.152'i —
Anglo- Cal .. 89 92»-a|Mer Trust. .. — 225
STOCK- AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The only change was a decline of Ue In
SiUcr.
The Alameda. took out for Honolulu $10,000
in sliver dollars.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84^4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87'4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 8$Vi
New York Exchange, sight — 12>A
New York Exchange, telegraphic. 15
Silver, per ounce 07
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 47V»
Wheat and Other , Grains.
WHEAT— There wan not much new yester
day. Liverpool futures were firm, but cargoes
were easier and neglected. Chicago was about
a cent better, with Armour a- heavy buyer It
was reported that Minneapolis sold 200.000
bbls Flour on Friday. Russian Wheat news
was bullish.
This market was firm but quiet and un
changed.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 40^1 45: California
White Australian, $15C@157H: Northern
Club. $1 lOJil 42%; Northern TSluestem, $1 50©
1 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to li:S0 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May S! 43U $1 43Vi $1 4.1H $1 43Vi
December ... 1 3S% . I 39«i 1 38%^. 1 38>4
BARLEY — Closed the week quietly. with
quotations showing- no further change.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 074&®l-10; Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 1-ViCfl 15; Chevalier, $i 15©1 G5 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a.m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 C'.Mi 51 00'^ $1 C8»i $1 UK?4
December ... 1 01 >i .1 01% 1 01 U 1 0*1%
OATS— The needing season is almost over,
though an occasional tale of a seed lot for some
late district Is made. The demand for strictly
Tins cltan lots, or black ef-pecially, is less
ursrfnt. The whole market rules quiet with
quotations as tor romf time past
White. ?1 27',-i©,l 37%; Black. $1 25@1 55;
Ked. 5! 20(01 .'!.": Gray, $1 32 1 / i per ctl.
CORN* — Quotations show some change.
Straight >p1Iow. both State and Western, is
firm and Wlgher. with suppllts light and tha
demand gocii. while- Western Mixed is dull and
lower.
Western sacked. S1 37>i<(?l 40 for YeKow,
fl C3<&1 37 '^ for White and $1 .50 for Mixed:
t'aiifornia large yellow. $1 I0S1 45; small
round do. .SI 45(51 B0; White, $1 37Ufil 42',i
per ctl. Egyptian. $1 45@1 50 fcr white and
'J'^ifil ijO for brov.n.
RYK-JI .!C(ijl 32)4 rer ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 per ctl.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. NHic psr lb for.
heavy, lie for lisht medium. 13c for light.
lS^c for extra lljfht and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, l.it-ic: California
Hams 12>ic; Mess Beef. $10 5OS11 per bbl;
extra Mtss. $11 50S12: Family. $12 50^1.:;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $24(g25:
Mess. $1S; Dry Salted Pork. 10H@llc; Pig
Pork. $27; Piss* Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c
per lb.
LARD — Tlreces quoted at G*ie per lb for
compound and 9lic for pure: half-barrels, pur<\
»y,e; 10 lb tins, 10c": 5-lb tins, 10^c;. 3-lb
tins, 10'ic. !
OOTTOI.KNE— One hair barrel. S>9ic; :hree
half barrels. BV-ic: one tierce. 'J!«c; two tierces.
Uc; five tierces, STic per lb.
Chicago closed the week somewhat higher,
but with the general situation unchanged. Re
ceipts of -Hogs are liberal compared with Ia?t
year. Tl-.e outsiders are still buying, though
not as heavily as heretofore, and the packers
are selling as fast as they turn out the goods.
This marktt is unchanged and dull.
'Provisions.
RAISIN'S — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades. 60-lb cases — 2
crewn Loose Muscatels. 5}«c per lb;
3-crown. 5^>c: 4-crown. Cic; ¦ Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4V«c; Seedless floated, 4^-ic; 2-crown
Molagi loos«\ 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, 4Uc; Seedless
Thcmp&ons, unbloaehed. 5^c. Layers, per 20
lb box — li-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
$2:. .''-crown London Layers. $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25: usual advance for frac
tional-boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy lG-oz
cartons, "per ib. '^c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. «:?4c; fancy bulk carton*, per lb, 7V4c:
choice 16-oz cartons, per lb. 7^c; choice 12-oz
cartons, per package. GKe: choice bulk car
tons, oer lb. 7iic; 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Sp<?a!ir.ss. Muscatels, por lb 5*;c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. Uric.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 13>i.'fJ14c:
No. 2 ll>i«J12c; No. 1 hardshell, l34S13%e:
No. 2, liail'^c: Almcnds, ll%c for Nonpa
reils, ll^c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
an<l !>'Jc~ for Lanjcuedoc; Peanuts. CS7c for
Earterr. : Pecnns. ll#l."e: Cocoanuts. $4 5035.
HONEY— Comb. 10@UV4c for .white and 8>4
ftU'Ac for amber: water white extracted. 5@
5'ic"; light amber 'extracted, 4 1 .sig454c; dark.
3H.«?4c.
BEESWAX— 27S29c per lb. •
FRUIT— Apricots. SH^lO^c for Royals and
9@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4V4©
5%c; sun-dried. ari<S*',ic: Peaches, 6®7»/jC;
Pears. f>£ll'/ic: Nectarines. &e5Vic; Figs.
white. 3<g4c in boxes; black. 4>ic; Plums, pit
ted, f>(gsc per lb.
PRUNES— 1»03 crcp. 2}i<g29ic for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins } Honey.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1©2
per box for fancy and 50c®$l 25 for choice
and standard; - Seedlings, 50c(P*I: Tan
gerines, 75cf/$l 23 per box; Lemons. 81 75@2 50
for fancy. $1 25@1 50 for choice and 75c<S?l for
standard; Grape Fruit. $1 2502 50; Mexican
Limes. $»>Q:tJ 30: Bananas. $1@2 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $1 50®2 25 for Central Ameri
can: Pineapples. - $1 00(52 50 per dozen.
Large lines of r.ll trades of Navel Oranges
were offering freely at easy prices, but tradfe
was still ot small volume, as local dealers
were not operating beyond immediate wants
and there was very little shipping demand. The
scarcity ot refrigerator cars has checked the
movement from the southern growing districts
to the East, and as a result receipts in this
market have been steadily Increasing for some
days. Tm or twelve cars are expected for
to-morrow's auction, and even if the weather
should become warmer and the market more
active it is not likely that prices will show
any ¦ improvement. The market > was .bare of
Mexican Limes, but a steamer arrived late in
the day with about 2SO boxes. The other
Citrus fruits were in good supply and feature
less.
Trade in Aoples was fair, with the medium
grades having the most. call.
APPLES— *1 7562 ptr box for extra fancy.
$1 25H1 60 for ordinary fancy. S5c8?l for
choice nnd "5426r>c fof common.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Local Bank Clearings fall off .$1,650,000 last zveek.
Silver declines y 2 c. ExcJiange rates undisturbed.
New York Stocks about the same. Cotton higher.
Local Securities show little movement.
Xo change in the JVhcat and Barley markets.
Corn in lighter supply and better demand.
Oats and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay, Bran and Shorts lower again. Middlings unchanged.
Beans quieter and weaker owing to the rain.
Stocks of Butter and Eggs materially reduced by the storm.
Cheese still weak, with the market overloaded.
Provisions quiet and about the same in all positions.
Wool, Hides and Hops quiet and steady.
Beef, Million and Pork show no further cliange.
Potatoes arm, with light receipts. Vegetables more plentiful
Poultry nominal. Game generally higher.
Arrivals of Oranges large and increasing.
Th» usual Saturday quletud? prevailed on
the exchanges and changes in quotations were
slight. On the California Exchange Kern Oil
sold higher ftt 94 85493.
Sales on the California Exchange last -week
were 3».4fi'J shares, valued at £K».5.'ll- the lead-
Ing sales being as follow : Apollo. 2500 shares;
Associated Oil. 1100; >Chlcaeo Crude. 14.127:
Claremont and Pennsylvania. 1000 each; Four.
1000; Kern. 945: Oil City.- 4t;00; Sovereign.
3C20; Superior, 15C0; Twenty-eight. 0450.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Alaska Packers'
Association. $1; London. Parts and American
Bank. $3 2O for the half year, being at the
rate of 8 per cent cer annum. •
Late assessments are: Continental Oil Com
pany. 5c. delinquent April S»; Sunnysid* Water.
$5, March 19; Pacific Jupiter St»el. 2c, April
1; Mendocino Coast Oil. 5c. April 4; Orr Exten
sion Ditch Comoany. 515. April 1; Spanish
Spring Valley Ditch Company, $15. April 1.
The ]Vcrk Closes Quietly and Dc-
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
tinues firm. Common, 4@5%c; prime, 6%@
5%c; choice, 6®fi>ic, and fancy at 7©7>.jc.
PRUNES— Rule rather easier, with quota
tions ranging from 3VsQ6'4c, according to
grade.
APRICOTS— Firm; choice, 10c; extra choice,
lO'i^lOSic; fancy, 12ftl5c.
PEACHES— Firm; choice, 7> / i©7^c; extra
choice, 7%6'SUc; fancy, OJflOc.
DRIED FRUITS
injf cables, closing yc net higher. May closed
'JO^c; September closed 8€%c.
HOPS — Hrm; State common to choice. 1903
crop. 19@37c; 1902 crop, 19<&2i!c; olds, 10® 15c;
Pacific Const, 1903 cro«, 27<g83c; 1902, 13®
27c; olds. 10©15c.
HIDES — Firm; Galveston. 20 to 23 pounds,
16c: California, 19c; Texas, 14c.
WOOL— Firm; domestic fleece, 2S@32c.
PETROLEUM — Unsettled.
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures
closed steady, 10 to 15 points higher. Sales,
4(i,000 basrs. May, &. 4505. 50c; July. 5.80c;
September, 6®6.05c; December, 6. 3036. 35c;
spot Rio. steady: No. 7 invoice, 6?ic; mild.
easy; Cordova, 10® 13c.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; fair refining:. 2 15-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3Vic; molasses sugar. 2%c;
refined, firm: No. 6, 4.2Oc: No. 7, 4.10c; No.
8. 4.10c; No. 9. 4.06c; No. 10, 4c; No. 11.
3.95c; No. 12. 3.90c: No. 13, 3.85c; N,o. 14.
3.80c; confectioners' A. 4.45c; mold A.' 4.95c;
cut loaf, 5.30c: crushed, 5.3.0c; powdered,
4.70c; granulated, 4.C0c; cubes. 4.85c.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
CHEESE— W&Qc- for good to choice new
and 7Q8c for lower grades; Young Americas,
D^<giOc; Eastern. 15@16c; Western, Hgloe
ptr Ib. v
EGGS — Ranch, lCiglTp; store, 15@16c rer
dozen.
celpts. like those of Butter," have been largely
reduced by the storm, and the piles on the
commission house floors show a great shrink
age. But there are plenty in the country,
ready to come in Just aa soon as the boats and
trains Ret to running again, and as dealers
expect transportation conditions to be read-
Justed by Monday, they are averse to asking
any higher prices for Just a day or two. Still
the inside prices have been advanced, though
the outside remain the same, as will be seen.
Receipts were 43.000 lbs Butter, 1345 case3
Eggs and 36.300 lba Cheese. ;
BUTTER — Creamery at • first hands, 21VS0
22c -for extras. -2OQ21c for firsts and lSglJc
for seconds; dairy, 15@20c; store Butter, nom
inal; cold storage, 20@21c for extras. 18313c
for seconds and ie@18c for ladle-packed.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TACOMA, March 12.— Clearings, $300,502;
balances. «44,2Sfl.
PORTLAND, March 12.— Cleorlnss, $479,-
C00; 'ba'.p.nces. 102.725.
SPOKANE. March 12. — ClsarlnE*. $00,136;
balances. sr.5,422.
STOCK MAEKET.
Barley, ctls .... 46.6871 Pelta. No. ..... 235
Corn ctls 669| Leather, rolls .. 148
Beans, sks »«! Chicory, bbla.... 77
Potatoes ska .. 1.0221 Paper, reams .. 1,033
Bran, sks 200|Wlne. gals ..... 3S.r.CO
Hay. tons 442 Lime, bbls 1S2
Wool, bales. . -. 62! Sugar, ctls 11.902
Tallow. ¦ ctls f. 1C|
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MARCH 13,, 1904.
NEW TOniC. March 12.— FLOUR— Receipts.
12.000: exports. 10.500 barrels: firmly held:
Minnesota, patent*. $< 504»3 SO; Minnesota bak
ers. *4 BOfi-4 75: winter patents. $5^5 20; win
ter straights. $4 9O®3 15; winter extras, $3. 60
Q4: winter low grades, $3 15«r3 80. |
WHEAT— Receipts. 40.500 bushels; spot,
steady; No. 2 red. $1 01 elevator and $1 02@
1 05 f. 0. b. abcat; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
51 07?4. Options opened steady on disappoint-
AVw For/; Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
41
ADVEBTISEMElTXa.
,_ _.„ „
THE FOUNDATION OX WHICH TO BUILD YOUR
THOMAS A. EDISON Says: ANDREW CARNEGIE Says:
''T^i'T^Tflffaf* 5 — '— flsi ruary 14< 190^ tsmR>m-3}ta»a^mama oughly.
A small investment in Marconi Secnrities will make you independent in a
few years. A larger Investment will mate yon rich.
Tiu- Mcrcori V.irelcss TelesTaph 1st the most marvelou3 and useful Invention ever In-
troduced, lt not only tio-s all that the telegraph and cable system will do. but very
much more ?.nd at a fraction of the expense. It is destined to corns Into more genera!
»s- than the telrgrcnh. cable and telephone systems', with thalr hundreds of millions of
capitalization and million." UDon millions of dividends combined. It will be a means of
<-ojr.rr.unlcatIcn between every country, every city, every town, every village, house, fac-
tory. «tort». office r.nd farm, for Its coat is within t*»e reach of every one. and Its
use "rooulred by all.
It will be more profitable than share* of the Bell Telephone Company, -which wer«
first oiTered at SI.UO. and afterward sola fcr more than $l,C©O. An investment of S10O
then has yielded ud to the present time |2e»>,0C0.
The stoc!: of the English Marconi Company was put out at ?.».rO per s&are. anil
sine* koUI at $22 on the London Stock Exchange, an Advance of 840 per cent. The
PC?ylbilltUs of the American Company are much greater.
No enterprise has ever grown like th? Marconi. Invented less than six veara ago
and out into practical operation less than three. It has been Indorsed by the loading:
nations of the world, employed by many Governments and used in their navle*.
Indorsed by prominent men and the press of the world.
THE HEVEKTTES OP THE COHPAS7 AKE COWSTAKTIiT XCTCBEASXBrO
ACT) ITS I'lELD OF OPESATIOJT QBOWIKO DAILY.
Thf» syst?m l'aa been adopted >y the New York Herald for its great shipping news
department and by Lloyd's London world- renowned agency, who have contracted for the
Xiffht stations are In active operation on the American Atlantic Coast.
More than 100 ocean steamers equipped with the Marconi system.
HNI~> C ONNEOTlONtS — Trie postal Telegraph-Cable Company throughout the United
States* has for nome time past received and transmitted messages from and to ocean
steam* r». A similar arranrcment has now beca entered into with th? . Western Union
Telesrraph Company.
Thoa. A. Edi3on, Karconi and M. I. Paula of Columbia Collere are tie Con-
Bulttnar Engineers cf the Company.
HO FBEPESBES STOCK, HO BOITDS. 2TEET STOCKHOLDES BEZ2TO OH
AIT EQUAL BASTS.
ZfSVT YOEK WOBLD, Oct. 10. 1903. States:
"The scoe of the "Wireless System 1» wider than that of the Bell Telephone. It Is
not unreasonable to arsume. therefore, that creat fortunes can be made by moderate In-
vestments In the Marconi securities, and that «mall Investors will become Independently
wealthy "within a few years. If is likely that certificate* repreaentiaj $5.00 w!tl la-
creas? In value 200 or even U0O fold."— New York World.
The present opportunity will never come acain. as the price will ba advanced
shortly.
Karconi Certificates will net you from 100. to 1000 per cent — better results
than any labors of yours can produce. ' ¦' ..¦
crM fk your check or money order fcr certificate* at $5 each. No subscription re-
OtlNU ceived for lesa than 20 Certificates. ?10O.
Pear In mind that an Investment of $100 In the E.ijrllsa Marconi Company a few
months aci> Increased 340 per cent— the American Company offers greater opportunities.
Prospectus and full particulars upon application. Bf?IH
F. P. WARD & CO., BANKERS,
Crossley Bldjr., San Franciico. Cel. Clark & Wishlnsrtoa Sts., Calcajro.
5JSS?52S Sg:SSSSK^ «-»*n **„ sexton. *>.
Century Bldfr.. St. Louis, Mo. Hennen Bid?, Sew Orleans.
Correspondents of Monroe &*Ucnroe. N. Y. '
m
Piihlio noiffnnotratinn At Al1 ° Br 0fflC8S ' Yon are Cordially In-
rllullu U8IIIUIISII ailDII Y Ited to Gall and Receiis a Marcanlgram.
AUCTION SALES
£g> The Greatest Sals of the Season £a»
AUCTION SALE OF
50 Head PERGHERON HORSES
These horses were carefully selected by ona
of the greatest breeders of Norman-Percneron
hcrsrs in California (William Brockman. Su-
sanvtlle. Lassen County) and consist of pur*
bred mares and geldings, weighing from 1300
ti> 1000.
At samn time will be sold one great trotter
and one beautiful carriage horse.
This is the grandest lot of a!l-purpo*9
horses ever brouxht to San Francisco.
All are nicely halter broke and a great many
of them broke to harness. They are all fat
and ready to go right to work. A careful In-
spection of this lot is earnestly requested. To
be sold on
MONDAY EVENING. March 21. 1904.
At 7:45 o'clock, at
SALESYARD. 1732 Market st.. cor. Vaa
Ness ave.
Write for catalorues.
Horses at yard March 17.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
STORAGE SALE.
UNREDEEMED HOUSEHOLD EFFECTS.
CONTENTS 7 FLATS AT
PUBLIC AUCTION,
MONDAY. March 14. 1904.
At WILSON'S. SIS and SCO Mission St.. near
Fourth.
Also same time and place.
ENTIRE CONTENTS FLAT removed from
1151 LEAVKNWORTH ST.
s ALL AT YOLT. OWN PRICE.
WILSON, the Auctioneer.
. AUCTION SALE.
'V-- />_».
yfctV /*-*** >-»W
MONDAY. MARCH. 1*.
At 11 o'clock, at
C15 ELLIS STREET.
Of HORSES. BUG47LE9, WAGONS, HAR-
NESS. ETC.
Phone East 743.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
i»V^. Don't forget our regular weekly auction
.L^rv saipi, O f HORSES. WAGONS. SUK-
RIES, BUGGIES. CAKTS and all kinds nt
single and double harness, every TUESDAY,
11 a m.. at 1140 Folsom at. '
WM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MARCH 13, WO-f.
42
JOHN J>. gPRECKEiS.JProprietor.
Idas BainiHtiSB a lffli aaADGBT, Kmgr ,
W. J. MARTIN I? u slueasj* apager
A*k fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You U'ith the Detriment lou W l&a.
Publication Of3c* Market and Third. S. F.
£<J;lcr:al Uooni 217 to 221 Stevenson et.
Delivered by Carriem 20 Ct*. Per Week. 75
Ct*. Per Month. Sinflr Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage iCanix \\ :tn
Order) : ' ..
DAILY CALL <tnc'.ud. Sunday*. 1 y»ar...$S On
DAILY CALL <snclad. Sunday). 6 roos *.<M
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ••¦«
BUXOAY CALL 1 Yea: 7 ¦%>
m£SKL.Y CALL 1 Year •• im
w > -TA^r Sunday. 4.15 br lear Extra
JOSTAUE. L weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL PCSTMASTFnis ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
6cmrl* Copic» will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of M-
O*«s thojld be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS tn order to insure *
prompt and correct compliance with their r«-
Q'oeai.
OAKLAND OFFICE: „„„.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1CS3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
21« Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CAMXTEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
TrnlGorf-Astorta Hotel; A. Brentano, 81
rnion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House- P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Pa'.mer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone, •'Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
BTEPHEN B. EMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
ueUI 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Uarket street, opposite Fifth: open until
11 p. rn.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
uetil »:S0 p. tn.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
US L&rkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
C2C1 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 p. m.
IM Elwersth etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1008 Valencia street; open until - 9 p. m.
Nortbeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Ft'itaore etreet; open nntll 9 p. m.
n nAL ESTATE CITY^— FOR SALEL
F. B. SURRYHNE
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
133 MONTGOMERY ST.
$14f>0— For building lots close to Haiirht and ',
Baker tts. ; I have a few lots left which I am :
offering at the above price, fronting" on Buena ;
Vista Park; beautifully sheltered and surround-
tt by fine home*; if you contemplate building
don't fail to look at this property. I also
have Fom« choice lots on Buena Vista ave., '
Devieadero and Waller ets., ranging in price
iroro $2000 to $4.">0<J: all street work done; ,
Strictly re«i'3enc* location; easy terms can be
had if dcelred.
$C250 — Close to Oak and Scott sts.; 2 nice
modern ¦.-.:*. fi and € rooms and bath each;
rents $D0: lot 2oxl.'?7:C.
$7(>0<j — Close to Haight and Buchanan sts.;
2 nice flats. S and fi rooms and bath; rents
(SO; lot 2^xJ2W through to a Email street-
J1.V25O — Clay et.. close to beautiful Alta
'¦;.-,.,. aristocratic neighborhood; 3 ewell flats,
7 rooms and bath each; nnts $1^2 00; lot 2Sx
327:0.
WoQ — Howard st.. close to Twenty-flrst; 3-
*:ory residence in good condition; 10 rooms
and bath; lot 27:6xl22:C; mortgage of $35<X>
can rdiiain if desired.
$;««Xi — Haipht st.. near Steiner; 2 handsome
fl«ity. 7 and a rooms and bath; rents $72 50;
let 1TxUI7:«.
*0jCO — !'&£<> Ft., near Devisadero; fine, sub-
stantial two-story residence 7 rooms and bath;
lot ™*xl37:«i; <*sy terms; cwner desirous of
leaving city and anxious to sell; would no
doubt entertain an offer of a little less.
j.:«*mi — Vel'-cjo- et.. near Polk; good 2-etory
recidrncc- of 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x£7:6.
J'jTOO — Rents $»J2: Gucrrrro St.. near Twenty-
fifth; 3 flr.e fiats .*>, S and C rooms and bath
caoh: rents $02; lot CSxlOi.
$;i%00 — Jones hi., ntar Jackson; 2 good flats
."> «nd ti rooms end bath and house of 10 rooms;
rents $75; let nearly 60 feet front; Al ln-
\<stment.
$5000 — Filbert Ft., near Uroderick; choice lo-
cation; 2 nice flats. r> and 6 rooms and bath
c»rh; rents $47 Z0: lot 23x106.
tn.v k 1 — Cloee to nroderick and Grove sts. ; 3
substantial flats, 7 rooms and bath each; rents
P0; lot 25xH*».
$7600— California ft.; 2 substantial modern
f.ats. 6 and 7 rocms; rents $00; lot 2oxlU7:«.
$525*1 — Near Haiirht and Pierce; modern cot-
Lape. 6 rooms and bath; light and sunny
S17r.<! — Near O<-ary and Devisadero: house -C
ro-rnis and bath: lot 25x137 :«.
$<J250 — Near California and Pierce sts>. ;
house. S roorrus and bath.
$2200 — Filth ave.. near Clement st.; cottage,
5 rooms ar.d bath; lot 25x120.
$65C0 — Vallejo rt.. mar Franklin: house, 11
rooms ar.d bath; must be sold; make offer '
Get my March catalogue giving particulars
of all classes of property for sale In different
l»rte of the city.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200— Incomparable "Oceanside Lots":
on official grade; unobstructed view of
ocean and park; all bargains; easy terms;
¦ee them to-day; get oB cars cor. 47th ave.
and H street. - -..
f"S to $250— Near Park and ocean; fi monthly.
Oeeanslde Branch Office, cor. 49th ave. and
K »t.; cpen Su&daya and holidays.
$S00 to $1000 — Choicest Sunset lots for build-
ing; graded and sewered: $10 monthly.
$250 to $850— Superb Richmond lots, opposite
new "Spreckels Lake"; matchless view;
<ic-n't n:lis this opportunity; installments.
E ur.se t Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H st.
$1SO to $500 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots;
$5 monthly.
$1200 to $5500— Modern cottages In Sunset,
Richmond, Oceanslde and Excelsior Home-
sie&d districts; easy terms.
SOL. GETZ & EON, Owners and Dealers,
Boom 64, fourth floor. Chronicle building.
BAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO..
Room 2, 7th floor. Mills Bldg.
$7,500— Delightful residence on far-famed
College Heights; lovely sunny corner;
new bouse of 9 rooms; up to date
throughout; grand marine views; warm
and mild climate.
$4.000 — Itt eve., between Golden Gate ave.
suii Turk art.: bouse just finished: up
to J&te; not occuDled; 0 large roomy,
toilet, bathroom, etc.
{6.&00— 2nd ave, new building, 3 flats, 7 and
7 room*: all rented. $30 each; Just fln-
itfi^d and up to date In every partic-
$15,000— North side Clay 6t, near Made st.:
modern residence. 10 room*: very sunny;
very attractive; substantial and well
Untrh'd; colonial architecture.
$35,000-; Turk et.; old improvements; lot 50x
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & Co.,
MILLS BUILDING
f.o.ooo.iyno.
INVESTED BY CORPORATIONS
AT POINT RICHMOND.
CAN YOU AFFORD TO LOSE
YOUR CHANCE?
LOTS ?5 MONTHLY.
JKEWE.V BROS. US Montgomery st.
SANTA FE TRACT.
' • -
fcSMWThlii Ik the Trice fcr a cottase on
£it!i el., near Church! vory cheap; street
HtmriniEed; electric rare pass if if you
vnnt t.. ouy a bargefti take this prcnerty
Mc-ICV.gN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
Ji'lOo— COTTAGS of S rocrus. bath and bose-
msr.t; Jcisey bt.. near Diamond; near car
line.
Jimj<>— Eurtka-et. cottage of S rooms and
basement: lot .V>xl2u: bargain. JOSEPH
STKAUB. CM) Market et. '
IXOOVS i'rop«rty: south of Market and China-
. U.wn: liomt-a Klcbmond. Sunset. Mission dit-
trliu,; printed list rity and country property:
enchain*. \v. j. White. 2tt Montgomery, r.3.
TO i'<G«r olate. 2 lots. B.W. cor. Esmera!<ia
and Andci con. E. «. I*aat:s. «01 Call bldg.
65x137:6
REAL ESTATE-^CITV FOR SALE. |
EAfeTON. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY,
KW MAKKJiT STREET
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY March 15, 1904
At our Falesrnoms, at i'i o'clock noon.
HAIGHT-STREET FLATS.
Nos. OSS, 985 and 08T Haight Bt., *a»t of 1
Broderick. 3 beautiful new flats built last)
December, containing 6, 7 and 7 rooms, porce-
lain bath, high batement; modern, in every
respect; rents $120 per month.
„ • CORNER FLATS.
Southeast corner of Broderick and Haight:
lot 29:6x77 ft.; 3 handsome new flats; modern
Jn every respect; containing «, 7 and 7 roomi,
porcelain baths, etc.; renting for $150 month.
BRODERICK-ST. FLATS.
¦ Nob. 8S, 40 and 42 Broderick et.; lot 33x62:6;.
3 new modern flats of 5, 6 and \ 0 rooms and
porcelain baths; rents $105 per month.
FIFTH-AVE BUILDING LOT. I
Westerly lins of 5th ave., 25 feet N. of
Hugo st.; size 25x95; this lot is level and '
ready for building: street work and pewering j
all done; situated in a growing neighborhood.
TWENTY-THIRD-ST. RESIDENCE. !
No. 3330 23d ut. ; lot 25x08 ft. ; Improvements
consist of an elegant 6-rcom house, bath and
high basement; rents for $30 per month;
$2500 mortgage can remain.
POINT LOBOS AVE BUILDING LOT.
Southerly line of Point Lobos av«., 32:6 ft.
west of Oth ave.; lot 26x100; mortgage $400.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
New. 1522-24 Fell st.; lot 25x100; 2 beauti-
ful little flats facing Park Panhandle and
containing 4 and 5 rooms and bath; renting
for $46 per month.
18TH-ST. BUILDING LOT.
Southerly line of 18th St., 255 ft. W. of
Sanchez St.; 2 lots, 25x114 each. \
HOWARD-STREET INVESTMENT. ¦
Northerly line of Howard St., 250 ft. E. of j
Sixth st.; lot 25x85; No. 972; old Improvements I
thereon renting for $45 per month.
NATOMA-STREET INVESTMENT.
26S-26S% Natoma st.. N. line W. of Third
St.; lot 27:6x80; Improvements consist of 3- j
story frame building containing store and 2 !
rooms and 4 small fiats of 3 rooms each;
rent $75 per month.
For further particulars apply
• EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
A FEW BARGAINS.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET STREET
$18.000^ — Pine st.. near Hyde; 3-story residence
containing 8 large rooms; new plumbing;
rents $45 per month.
$17,000— O" Fa rrell st.. near Octavla; 63 ft.
frontage; 2 beautiful houses; rents $120
per month; could be made a paying In- ;
vestment by changing into flats. ¦
$16.0C0 — JO ft. frontage through to rear street; ,
• substantial Improvements; rents $125 mo. '
$11.000 — 3 new flats built only 17 months; 0
rooms and porcelain bath each; rents
for $40 60 per month; Wallace st., near
Duboce Park.
$10,000 — 2 new flats, 6 and 10 rooms and bath,
finished attic; rents $85 per month.
$3,600 — Business property on Folsom St., near
17th; consists of store and living' rooms:
2 flats above, C rooms and porcelain
baths; new and modern; rents $90 mo.
$9,000— New flats on Lyon St., near McAllis-
ter; 3 beautiful flats of ti rooms each,
built from the ground up; rent $73 mo.
$7,000— Residence . in Western Addition: 8
rooms and bath and new plumbing;
rents for $55 per month; owner compelled
to leave city.
$6,750 — Residence, Sacramento St.; 8 rooms
and bath; a perfect beaut; owner must i
sell; mortgage of $5500.
$6,150— Harrison st., near 4th; 29 ft. frontage:
2 modern flats, 6 rooms each; rents $50
per month. 1
$6,CO0 — Pine St., near Hyde: 3-story residence
containing 8 large rooms; new plumbing;
rents $45 per month. I
$5,500 — 3 flats on Clementina St., near 5th; |
5-6-6 rooms; rents $51 per month; a bar-
gain with a future.
$3,000 — Clara St., near 4th; 2 flats and rear
house: rents $35 per month; positively
the chespest piece south of Market st. ;
don't miss this.
$2,500 — 20th St.. near Dolores; 8-room resi-
dence; mortgage of $2000 can remain.
EABTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market Street.
IN FLATS
WT5 SING OF
THREE FINE ONES facing a public square
in Western Addition; honestly built, 6trlctly j
modern; 7, 8 and 8 rooms; sunny side of street; i
on car line: Just a year old; full ttled bath- !
room, marble vestibule; price, $16,000; pays 10 I
per cent. |
j
' Two beautiful flats; bonton neighborhood;
magnificent and permanent marine view; 6
bay-windows to each flat; large lot, 26:4xl0rt;
under lease for $1020 per year; price, $14,500;
how does ' that, strike you? Further, a large
mortgage can remain at 6 per cent.
Three flats, very near the park; new and up
to date: large lot; rent for $1200. per annum;
price, $11,000; you can pay one-fourth cash ;
and let the flats pay the balance; sounds good,
don't it?
LOWER DOWN—
$4500 — Not a block from Kearny and Bush
sts.; 2-story house: never Idle; rents $420 per
anum; worth. looking into.
SEE
SUNSET,
SUTRO HEIGHTS.
RICHMOND,
OCEAN SIDE PROPERTIES.
CHOICE LIST.
ATTRACTIVE PRICES.
EASY TERMS.
WE COULD TELL YOU OF BARGAINS,
but prefer to SHOW you. If you are busy
you can save time and money In permitting us
to show you our offerings. We make dally
tours with automobiles over the above dis-
tricts. Remember, we agree to show the choic-
est property at the lowest prices.
Two Branch Offices:
Ocean Heights, south of the park office; H
St., between Forty-first and Forty-second aves.,
nearly opposite the Chain of Lakes station.
Open every day, Sunday Included.
Sutro Heights office. Point Lobos and Thirty-
ninth aves. Open Sundays only. Take Sutro
electric cars to the door.
Call and let ua drive you over our offerings.
G. A. TURNER &. CO..
312 MONTGOMERY ST.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY,
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
PATRONS OF THE CAL. TITLE INSUR-
ANCE AND TRUST CO. get the best examina-
tions to be had, free defense in case of attack,
the company's guarantee as long as you own
the land, and free service in closing deals, all
for one premium.
' FALSE IMPERSONATION, INVALID POW-
ERS OF ATTORNEY, Insane grantors and
forged deeds make the insurance policy of tho
California Title Insurance and Trust Company
a universal necessity.
A POLICY IN THIS COMPANY Is an abso-
lute protection to you and the cost moderate.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York, Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities: reasonable rates;
regular, trust company business transacted un-
der State charter: all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP,
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS,
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL,
Manager Anglo-Callfornian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney & Olney, Att'ys- and Counselor*.
CHARLES PAGF.
•age, McCutchen & Knight, Atfys.
A. T. SPOTTS.
M«r. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. 530 California st.
B. GETZ Room 22 Chronicle Bldg.
Owner and Dealer.
New Lots. New Lots.
4Sth ave., east line, facing the ocean.
Between K and L sts.
Graded and fenced; ready to build on.
On Easy Monthly Payments.
See them at once. Choice and cheap.
$£0 to $400 — Ocean Heights and Boulevard lots.
$300 to $500— Graded 19th-ave. Boulevard lots.
$350 to J1000— Choice Sunset & Richmond lots.
$75 to $100 — Level Ocean View lots; city water.
$150 up— New Excelsior Homestead . lots.
The finest in the district; city water.
$1000 to $5000— Modern houses and cottages.
Splendid Bargains on Easy Terms.
Call at my office, room 22, second floor
Chronicle Building. •
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES, 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot-
$8 per month pays principal . and interest on-
each $1000 of balance due, making your ln-
Etallments less than, rent: send for circular.
FOR sale-^-Flne 2-etory residence, 3SI 8 Twenty-
secondvSt., near Castro, « rooms, bath, high
basement; good view; party wishes to leave
rltv: no airf-nts.
UlgAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE, j
LYON & HOAG,
116 MONTGOMERY ST. j
Sund lor our printed list of. property for sale
In «uil sections 01 the city.
BUSINESS LOT. MISSION ST.
$0150 — Alission-st. lot, near 24th St., 61 :6x
117 :ti to rear street; good location lor stores :
and flats; north a great deal more; reduced lor
ijuu-k &ale. I
GOOD PROSPECTIVE VALUE.
$6000— Best portion 01 Devisadero si. ; resi-
dence containing s rooms, porcelain bath; in
tine condition; key lot; abundance of sun and
light.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
Turk and Hyde Ms.: large lot lor less than
$600 per tront loot: old improvements, paying
bank interest now; almost 50-vara lot.
BRAND-NEW COLONIAL KfciilL»ENCE.
Terms $20u cash; balance $15 monthly.
$t>25() — Commands charming marine view; on
Fillmore at., near Grten; containing recep-
tion hall and dtn on basement flour; large
living-room, hall, paneled dining-room and ,
kitchen on flrst floor and 4 sunny bedrooms on ;
second tlbor;i larpre attic; huu&e not yet com-!
plctcd; rooms uccorated to suit purchaser. j
tJOUTH-UK-MARKET Ft^ATS. j
$55C0 — Near Mission and Sixth sin.; U-story j
building, containing J Hats, 4 and 5 rooms 1
each; rented low al $M; brick foundation; this I
is a fine renting section. '
WKSTERN ADDITION BARGAIN IN FLATS. 1
$7.0<x; — Fine a-tstory building, containing 3 !
flats, 4. 5 and U rooms and bath each; every- [
thing in fine shape; flats are wired for' elec- ;
tricity; renttd low at $t»0; on Eddy St., near i
Fillmore. . i
GUERRERO-ST. FLATS. i
$12,C00— Submit ofter; renting lor $116; 2- !
story building, containing' 6 modern flats of j
4 and 5 rooms and bath; on Guerrero st., near
16th; car service one of the tincst in the city; '
vacancies unheard of; big lot. 1
A SPLENDID BUY. j
$S20O— Rent ${*&; turner not lar from Mis- |
slon and luth sta. ; store and 3 flats. In fine
condition; neighborhood Improving rapidly.
FINK MISSION FLATS.
$6250 — Tv/o tine flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; brick foundation, good plumbing; newly 1
painted; everything in Al condition: renting
for ?30; lut 27x83; Howard st.. near 23d.
MISSION HOME.
$2850 — Hill st., ntar Castro; 4 rooms and
bath; 2 additional rooms could be finished
in attic; fine views; a cozy home.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$20,0lX) — Corner on Masonic ave. ; corner
building, containing 3 flats, 7 rooms and bath
each; 2 flats on key lot, 6 and 8 rooms and
bath; total rent $10S0; abundance sun and
light in every flat: over 5000 square feet.
FLATS FRONTING PARK.
SS(XH) — Two new flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath, facing Panhandle; fine sun and light;
lot 30x107:3; lets than cost.
! SOUTH-OF-MARKET INVESTMENT.
Price $5500 — Rented low, $600 per annum; 3-
story building. 4 apartments, 9 and 3 rooms,
near Sixth and Folauni.
SOMETHING NEW IN REAL ESTATE.
SOMETHING NEW IN REAL ESTATE.
, Entire Western Addition Block OfTered in
1 Subdivisions.
43 EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
43 EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
PRICES $1650 TO S1S50.
PRICES $l«50 TO $1850.
Terms— One-flfth cash, balance in 1, 2, 3
and 4 years.
An exceptionally handsome Western Addi-
tion block has just been cut up into 45 extra
large lots, most of which are 33:4x120. Th««
block is near the corner of First ave. and
California st., and can easily be reached by
the Eddy-st. and Sacrhmento-st. cars. Get
off at First ave. The conditions surrounding
tho sale of this property are different from
the usual manner of selling property of this
character.
Mr. J. C. Jordan, the owner, has Imposed
the following conditions, which are to be rig-
idly enforced: '
No building will be allowed on the block
which will ce*t less than $3000.
No building shall lie erected for objection-
able purpose*. Including stores, livery stables,
coalyarUs, schools, churches, etc.
No three-story flats will be allowed.
If you want to secure a nice residence site
or make a good investment the above common-
sense restrictions will Insure not only the ad-
vance in value of lots In this block, but will
also protect any one who builds. Thousands
of people in the past few years have built
desirable homes and have been damaged or
ruined for the lack of just such protections.
In nil other large cities In the United States
the best property is sold under similar condi-
tions, which are of benefit to all.
Special attention Is called to the large lots.
It Is cheaper to build on a large lot than on a
small one, as tt does away with the unsightly
and unsatlsfnctory light wells and shortens the
building, besides giving a more artistic appear-
ance on the outside. The Interior arrangement
is much better and you secure an abundance
of H:ht and sun.
The large lots and the restrictions under
which the land is sold will Insure good neigh-
bors and an advance In the value of your
property. These, however, are not the only
facts which will advance the property. The
block Is exceptionally well located, is level
and all the streets are graded, sewered and
macadamized and are all SO feet wide. The"
property Is right on the line of the city's
prowth and the prices asked, $50 to $55 a
tront foot, are extremely low, as property
within a block or two Is Felling for from two
to three times the price asked for this.
An unusually splendid car service Is already
at hand, including the Eddy-et. electric, the
Sacramentc-st. cable, the Sutter and Clement-
st. line and the Geary and Callfornla-st. lines.
The last two are soon to be changed Into
electric systems.
These are only a few of the points to which
we wish to call your attention. We urgently
request you to make an Immediate inspection
of this property, and believe that If you do
you v/Ill agree with us that the property pre-
sents an unusual and unequaled opportunity
for either a homeseek»r (including 2 flats) as
well as an excellent investment. If you will
look' ahead for a year or two and take Into
; consideration the rapid growth of the city
! in this direction you will undoubtedly become
! a riurchaser.
I Our agent Is on the ground on Sundays with
diasrams.
LYON & HOAG.. 110 Montgomery st.
1 BAY DISTRICT LOTS.
BAY DISTRICT LOTS.
f!50 cash, ?10 monthly.
5150 cash, S10 monthly.
Prices ranee from $1000 to $1250 for lots
25x120. located between A. B and C sts..
Second, Third and Fourth aves.
Never In the growth of the city have lots
been sold «o fast as tn this section during the
last two or three weeks. We have sold over
200 lots, representing In value about $225.-
000. Hundreds of new buildings will be
erected on tho lots already sold in the next
year. Insuring a certain increase in the
value of the property.
Go out and see the land at once. You
will be struck by the great activity In
building, etc. We will have three agents
on the grounds to-day (Sunday) to distribute ;
circulars, etc. There are only about 50 lots
! left, and at the rate they are now going
there will be none left In a very short time.
If the Bay District Land Company offers
any more holdlnrs they will be at consid-
erably higher prices. We urge you to buy
now. Considering that the property Is ail
level and near the Golden Gate Park, and
that all the streets are graded, sewered and
macadamized, ?40 to ?5O a front foot Is no
figure for the land. It will be a pleasant
i outinc for you to see the property, and If
you become a purchaser you will make
monpy. There will undoubtedly beta Jaig«
crowd on the crounds tn-day.
LYON *: HOAG.
110 Montgomery st.
R. D. CRANSTON P-. SONS.
114— «—— MONTGOMERY — m
VALENCIA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
?22.CC0 — Rents- Sinw a year; rented low; 2
stores und 4 flats; flat3 contain 7 rooms
and bath.
$2 5CC — Only rood nTtb side view lot south
of the Panhandle for this price; "3x110
feet.
$7,000 — Two sylleh new flats near the Park
Panhandle: rented under l»ase $60.
$3 500 — NW. corner lot on Frederick st.; mag-
nltkf nt view,; best part of Ashbury
Heights. i
$6,500 — Fillmore-stL flats; r»nted steadily for
$<;S; nhout 2. years old. (
$3.750^ — Lovel corner lot one block from Park
Panhandl*: bltuminlzed street v.-crt>
done on both aides. „ •
$12,500— Rents ?U0; « new flats; Al nelghbor-
horrt.
$20,CC0 — Six n*w fiats; sunny key lot; 37x100;
rented for $1$O.
$3.S0ft— Rent $3S: .". flats near Elchth and
Folsom sts.
Call or send for our March catalogue..
SPLENDID IXCOxFe INVESTMENT." ~
$!)0CO; rents $090 p?r year; four desirable
flats. 5 p.nd 0 rooms and bath each: Fifteenth
st.. near Market; sec this at once; It is a bar-
gain. ¦
$:(0C0: decant ea*t-corner lot,' 2S:4xlO2. on
First evo. boulevard: none cheaosr: very de-
sirable. ,
$2500: First ave' boulevard, near Clay st.;
fine residence location: If you want a fine site
for a home, this is it. .
$24C0: Washington *t.. nf-ar Cherry; fine
larire lot for fine residence, !?S:t;xl2fi.
ROBERT .1. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine at.
~ S5 PER MONTH.
Investigate tho City of Richmond, where the
Standard Oil Company. Santa Fe Railroad
Company. Southern Pacific Railroad Company
and numerous manufacturing plants are at
work. Loti» sure to increase in value. All
level. Mars free.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY.
. Crocker Buildlnr. S. F.
NOE-ST. cottase for $3250; bet. 17th and ISth;
. lot 25x110: • 5, rooms. . bath, high basement,
barn, owner mwt pell; make an offer. ¦ G. A
BERTON. 323 Montgomery st.
5IOOO— Cottage; .*5 rooms; lot 50x100; Guer*
rero-Rt. -cars dbss the door. MISSION
REALTY CO.. 2 Twenty-ninth st.
ItE.ll, ESTATE — CITY FOR S %LB. |
G. H. L'MBSEN & CO..
'JO MONTGOMERY ST.
auction!
AUCTION. .
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
The following properties of the estate of
Ludwis Altschul, deceased, will be offered
«t our Eale5room on Monday. March 14, 19O4,
at 12 o'clock noon. Subject to confirmation by
the Suuerior Court. •
No. 1.
NW. cor. Townsend st. and Clarence place,
bet. Td and 3d *Xt.. covered with frame build-
ings; large lot. 80x125; suitable for warehouse
or snanufactunng purpose*.
No. 2.
I-ots I and 2, block 20, San Miguel Rancho
Survey. I
No. 3. !
NE. ccr. of Hamp»:ii:e st. and Serpentine
ave.; lot 77:lte96. Irregular. ;
No. 4.
Lots 640 to 649 inc.; Gift Map No. 2.
No. 5. 1
Lots 1443 to 1450 of Gift Map No. 2.
No. 6.
Lots 1C15 and 1516 of Gift Map No. S.
No. 7.
Lote 1331 to 1555 inc. of Gift Map No. 3.
No. 8.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
SE. cor. Railroad ave. and Bay St.. Ala-
meda: lot 34:4U X S4:11. Irregular.
SOLANO COUNTY.
Lots 6-b of the south subdivision of the
Brouphtcn Ranch, adjolnicff the town of Va-
cavllle.
Xo. 10.
„ _ MARIN COUNTY.
2 2O-100 acrea In block 217 of tide lands in
town of New Sausalito.
No. 11.
2 20-100 acres In block 221 of tide landa in
town ot Xewr Eausallto.
No. 12.
2 20-100 acres In block 247 of tide lands In
town of New Sausalito.
No. 13.
2 20-100 acres in block 231 of tide lands in
town of JCew Sausallto.
2 20-100 acres in block 250 of tide lands in
town of New Sausalito.
OAKLAND BUSINESS PROPERTY.
NE. cor. of 7th and Willow sts.; good im-
provements consist of 2-etory ¦ frame build-
ing containing 4 stores and 6 living rooms in
rear; upper floor arranged and utilized for
lodge purposes; includes carpets and furni-
ture of lodcerooms; present rents $100 per ¦mo.; I
it properly handled could be made to yield •
very readily $200 per mo.; lot 111.8%xlO4.
For catalogue and further particulars ap- ;
ply to ' ,
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
$70, COO — 12 elegant flats and a 3-story house;
rents $473 per mo.; 137:6x100; corner.
$25,000 — Good site for an apartment house;
Hyde St.; 50x120; 2 houses of 10 roorr.h
and bath each; renting for $100 per
month; improvements of little value.
$21,000— Oth St., close to Mission: lot and im-
provements; 40 feet front; a splendid
buy.
$17.500^ — Pacific avenue marine view residence;
12 rooms; finished basement, wine room,
servants* room, etc.; house cost $20,000;
lot over 30 feet frontage.
$16, COO — Rents $1530 per annum; marina view;
3 elegant, new modern flats of 8 rooms
and bath each; large lot, 32xl2S:9; in-
side of Larkin st.
$13,500 — FolEom st. business property: rented
low at $1032 per annum; stores and flats;
lot 37:6x90.
$12,500— Rents fl200 per annum; Howard st.
business property; store and. 2 flats;
25x90.
$12,300— Rents $1140 per annum; near City
Hall; 3 flats and cottage; lot 25x120; 2
frontages.
$12,0C0 — Rents $1SOS per annum; Mission
warm belt; 6 flats and lot 45x122:6;
stable and driveway.
$10,500— Rents $1020 per annum; 3 new flats
of 6 rooms and bath each; nice loca-
tion in the "Western Addition. '
$10,000 — Rents $900 per annum; business cor-
ner Hayes Valley; 3 houses and lot
30x75.
$9,500 — Rents $10S0 per annum; Buchanan
st.; 3 nearly new flats of 6-5-5 rooms
and bath each.
$8,000— Rents $1020 per annum: near First
and Folsom ste. : lot 50x70.
$6,500 — Rents $540 per annum; near Du-
boce Park; 2 flats of ti-5 rooms and
bath each; brick foundation, etc.; large
lot 25x150.
?6,CO0 — Rents $000 per annum; Mission warm
belt; 2 nice flats and cottage; 23x122:0.
$5,125 — Price crcatly reduced; corner 60 vara
en Buchanan St.; 3 frontages; a snap.
$4,500— Rents $540; near Taylor and Broad-
way: 4 flats and lot 37:8x00.
$4,100 — Rents $456 r>er annum; 24th st. ; 2
new bay window flats of 5-4 rooms and
bath each: concrete foundations; 25x100.
$4,00*1 — Cozy Mission home; cottage of 6 rooms
» <icd bath, laundry, etc. ; brick founda-
tion; 30x112:6.
$3,750— Rents ?504 per annum; near Cth and
Bryant; flats; 25x117:6.
$3,000 — Rents $300 per annum; "Pacific st.
business property; store and flat; lot
double frontare.
$1,750 — Rents $2O4 per annum, near Pacific
and Taylor sts.; double frontage; 2
houses of 5 rooms each.
For further particulars of the above, and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
. properties for sale in all parts of the city, in-
; quire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots, close to Du-
boce Park; bltuminlzed streets; lots level
and ready to build on; a rare chance to ob-
tain a holding admirably situated and close
to the city at a very reasonable price; dia-
gram, price and all further particulars at
our liiEce.
G. H. UMBSE.V & CO.,
20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
i C. M. WOOSTER CO., CIS Market St.
THE* BIGGEST SNAP IN TOWN.
I . $2750 — Four modern flats. 3 rooms and porce-
lain bath each; rented very low for $450; brick
foundation; lot 25xST>; a big turn in this
GILT-EDGE FLATS.
$8000 — Three new modern flats, G rooms and
bath each; rents $930; near entrance to the
Presidio and golf links; lot 114 to a public
park in the rear.
A BIG BARGAIN.
$^,'00 — Three modern flats of 7 rooms and
bath each; rented low for $1110; lot 23x100; on
' Broderick St., near McAllister; $250 spent on
thepe flats would sell them for $12,500.
$75,000 — 50:11 feet on Geary St., not far from
Union Square; two frontages.
$9000— Corner 49:5x100 on Oak st., facing the
Park Panhandle.
$10,000—81:10^x137:6; Oak st.. facing the
Park Panhandle.
$5000 — Corner on Hayes St., near Devieadero-
31:3x100.
jr.r.,iji>> — New modern 4-story apartment
, house; renting for $4800; on Turk St., near Van
Npes hvc; lot 37:6x120; two frontages.
$27CO— Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
high basement; on Hampshire tt., near 20th-
lot 25x100. >
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
$3500 — Residence, 7 rooms and bath; on Oth
ave., near California st.: high basement; brick
foundation, etc.; lot 25x120.
$7000— Store and 3 flats on Fell et., close to
Market: good plumbing, etc.; rents low, $762
$10,250— Rents $124S; well built, modern im-
provements; flats: always rented; on Grove st.,
near Laguna: lot 25x120 to rear street.
$7750 — Handsome modern residence, a rooms
and bath; well built; in good condition: on Clay
st.; key lot from Polk; lot 25x127 :8V4; can
easily be remodeled into flats; this is fast be-
coming an apartment house district; a great
buy.
$13,000—6 modern flats, well built; in goofi
condition; these are the kind of flats which al-
r-ays rent; they pay over $1400; lot 51:6x125;
one block from Market street. »
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 618 Market street.
HAWKS & SKELTON. ~
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
520,000— Larkin St., near Chestnut; modern
artutlc house of 9 rooms, 2 bathrooms
and billiard room; hardwood floors, nat-
ural wood finish; furnace; grand view
from every window; dining-room looks
out on the Golden Gate, one block from
Hyde-st. cam: lot 27x137.
$18.000 — Sunny lot with superb view of bay
and Western Addition; sunset views
magnificent; NW. corner Larkin and
Chestnut sts.; 56x137.
$7.200— Marine view lot; Hyde st.. near Chest-
nut; 3B:SxllO; very fine view assured;
new building each side of It; on Hyde-
et. car line.
$5,000— Lot SW. corner Larkin and Lombard
itt.; 23xlC5; fine marine view from
every window; choice location for home
or flats.
¦tSC- ¦ \y
$12.C00 — 3 new flats near Haight and Ashbury
fts.; modern every way; 6, 7. 7 rooms;
will rent for $1(0 or better readily.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.. ~ '
"05 Montgomery St.. opp. Mills bldg.
"BARGAINS IN UEAL ESTATE.
Foreclosure, Probate and Forced Sales of All
Kinds Will Be Found In Our
UP TO DATE BUYERS' GUIDE.
An Illustrated monthly catalogue, contain-
ing a carefully selected list of cheapest proper-
tie* : offered on the. market In every location.
Send us vuur address and we wilt mall you one
NELSON.' JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Mor.tsomery St.. opp. Mills bldg.
FINL' Income flats on Fulton at, near City
Kail, lnaulre 112 Fulton ut., own'r.
I H E AJb EST A T K CITV— KOn . JSAX.K.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post Street.
$»,000 — Post st. (north side), opposite public
square; lot 25x137 :tt; splendid resi-
dence of 1U room* and bath.
$7,500— Post St.. near Laguna; lot 24x115;
residence of 9 rooms and bath; an at-
tractive home.
! $10,500 — Hyde-st. building containing 3 flats of
5. 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
$80 per month.
$8,750— Fifteenth st., near Market; new build-
ing of 3 flats, containing 6 rooms and
bath each; rents $82 per month.
$9,750— Fifteenth-st. corner, near Market: lot
24x90; new building of 3 fiats, contain-
ing 15 rooms in all: rents $62 per month;
terms can be arranged.
$3,000 — Harriet 6t., near Sixth and Bryant:
lot 25x80; 2 flats of 5 and t> rooms and
bath each; rents $25 50. .
J3.25O— Lake st., near Nineteenth ave.; lot 50x
120; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; ma-
rine view.
$0,500— Fair Oaks st.. near Twenty-third; lot
30x133; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
¦ each, and new cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; rents $60 per month.
$24,000 — Hayes- st. bu&iness property; large lot,
40x120, to rear street; stores and flats;
rents $152 per month.
$13,000 — Clay st. (north line), near Laguna:
residence of 10 rooms and bath; rents $t<0
per month.
$26,000 — Powell st. (downtown location): larga
lot, 45x110; frame building, in good con-
dition; rents $165. .
$4,100 — Parnassus ave., overlooking: Golden
Gate Park; lot 25x137:6; cottage and a
half, containing 5 rooms and bath.
$50,000— Bush st. (downtown location); large lot
v.ith double frontage; 4-story frame
building, used as a hotel; rents $3(100.
$16,500— Clay st. (north line), near Broderick;
lot 50x127:8)4; modern Eastlake resi-
dence of 12 rooms and bath, laundry;
large yard, garden and lawn; sightly
and elevated.
$37,500— Eddy st. (downtown location); large
lot. 68:9x137:6; 4 dwellings; rents. $213;
mortgage of $25,000 can remain.
S21.000 — Post et. ; lot 25x120 to rear street; new
residence containing 14 rooms and bath;
suitable for physician's residence.
$4,UC0 — Valparaiso st., near Mason and Fil-
bert; lot 2JxC3; 2-story and attic dwell-
ing in good condition; rents $32 50.
$20,000— Larkin st.: large lot, 60x100; 3 houses
renting for $120 per month.
$24,000 — Fourth-st. business property; lot 50x
75; two 3-story buildings containing 2
stores and 4 flats above; rents $160.
MADISON & BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1853.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House.
$22,500 — Corner; inside Taylor and Sutter sts.;
must be *old.
$19,000 — Devisadero St.; store and flats; lot
S0xb2:6; new building; rent $160.
$34,000 — Fine business corner on Devlsadero
st. ; rent $2400 per annum and tenants
make all repairs and pay water extra;
lot 50x100 feet.
$30,000 — Inside business property; on Third ;
St.; rent $2260 per annum.
$7,500 — Sacramento St., north line, near
Steiner; 9-room house, in fine condition;
this is a nice home.
$13,500— Thirteenth st.. near Market; 6 flats;
annual rents $12$4; lot 50 feet front.
I $12,000 — Post 6t.; two large, well constructed
1 houses; very large lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$9,000 — 6 flats and store below; near Sixth
and Brannan sts.; rent $86 per month;
new building.
$8,000 — Ashbury st., near Frederick; a fins
larse 10-room house: near the Park:
billiard-room, finished attic and all
modern conveniences.
$5,000 — Cottage and lot; Bartlett st., enar
Twenty-first; 6 rooms -and bath; all lat-
est improvements.
LOTS
$10,500 — Half 50-vara, 68:9x137:6; Broadway,
near Fillmore Bt. ; grand marine view.
$4,200— Steiner at., near O'Farrell; 25x109:9,
$4,500— Chattanooga St., near Twenty-third;
large lot. 65x117:6 to rear street.
$2,500— Dolores st.. near Twenty-third; 25-
foot lot running to street in rear: must
sell to clone estate.
$10,750— Page St.: 2 up-to-date flats, 6 and 7
rooms and bath; annual rent $900. •
Lots 27:0x137:6, on Sutter St., between Steiner
and Pierce.
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
ave. and Baker St.; in sizes to suit;
• " prices from $2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:6x137:6, on south line of
Geary st.. near Fillmore.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery st., opp. Lick House.
McAFEE BROTHERS. — — —
10S MONTGOMERY ST.
SUNNY MODERN FLATS.
On Clay st.. near Baker; 6 and 7 rooms, attic
and basement: rented for $73 per month- lot
25x127; price reduced from $9000 to $S500.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
2 new swell flatF. 7 rooms each; sunny side
of street; rented for $77 50; price $9350.
! f- COLONIAL FLATS.
i Two new pretty flats, 5 and 6 rooms, finely
1 f.nlshed throughout; beamed ceilings in halls
j and dlnlne-rooms: marble steps, etc. ; large
! lot. 2Sxl00; on Willard st.. looking Into Golden
Oete Park; one block west of Stanyan. near
Frederick. Agent will be on hand on Sunday
to show property; price $7300.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
Between ISth and 19th. near Guerrero; larpe
j house of 12 rooms; lot 00x114; rents for $40-
I price $70C0, or will sell 38 feet and house for
j $5500.
; PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Lot on Jackson St., commanding beautiful
I marine view with old houne; 25x127 -8 - price
$4CC0; price of adjoining lots $200 per foot.
i RICHMOND COTTAGE.
Fronting on new park from Golden Gate
Sgjs^iSwa. 6 rooms and bath: lot 23x
Pretty building lot on north side of Lak"
ft., running back to Mountain Lake .Park"-
20:6 feet front; price only $1500. * '
BARGAIN'.
5-room cottage, with bath; in good condition-
Holly Park Tract: reduced from $1400 to $1100
to make quick Bale; must be sold In the next
few days: rented for $12 per month.
Two fine lots on Sacramento st., In Presidio
Heights. 55x127:8; only $2200.'
Send for list of chea^ lots In all parts of
the city.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S MONTGOMERY ST.
VCN RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
RUSH- STREET INCOME PROPERTY.
$10,500 — Off Bush st.. near Powell- 3 new
bay-window flats of 5, 5 and 7 rooms,' renting
for $05 per month. .
NEW BRODERICK- STREET FLATS
$0760— 30x103; Broderick *t.. near Green- 2
splendidly constructed new flats; marine view
renting for $75 per month.
CORNER STOCKTON AND UNION" STS
$18.000— Stores and flats, renting for $1536
per annum. w
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS
$12,500—25x80:11: Devlsadero-st. near Turk-
3 new flats, renting for $100 per month. '
FELL-ST. HOME.
$6250— Fell »t.. near Buchanan; substantial
house of 9 rooms and bath.
COR. ELEVENTH AVE. AND LAKE ST
$7500 — 72xlO7:«: NE. cor. 11th ave. and Lake
St., coming fashionable section of city.
VALLEJO-ST. CORNER.
$750C— NW. cor, of Vallejo and Pollard: Im-
provements consist of flats renting for $6$ per
month.
GREEN- ST. BUILDING LOT.
$3000 — 51:6x137:6; Green St.. east of Octavla.
BUSH-ST. LOT.
$4250 — 27:0x137:6: Bush st.. near Steiner;
key lot; surroundings flrst class.
BOARDMAN-PLACE INVESTMENT.
$.'(750^ — Roardman place, near Bryant st. ; Im-
provement* coneUt of 3 flats and stable; rent-
Ing for $42 per month.
COR. MONTGOMERY AVE. AND MASON.
$3500 — NW. cor. Montgomery ave. and Mason
Bt. : 4S feet on Montgomery ave.; old Improve-
ments.
CHEAP ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOTS.
$1CT.O each— 2.1x137:6: an unsurpassed line of
lots on either Clayton or Carl sts.: only a few
mere :eft in this block: cars paes the property.
GET OFF
THE TREADMILL.
fetop paying rent; handing money over to tho
landlord every month Is like walking a tread-
mill; you don't progress; let us help you get a
home of your own) your rent money will pay
for it and It will be just as easy as paying
rent. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St. ;
$0500 — NEW cozy homes just completed; bar-
gnlr.r: beauties; see them; Clayton st., south
• of Frederick; Masonlc-ave. cars to the door;
trans'er at H^ipht or Oak st. • J. STIERLEN.
(iu'ncr. on riMmlBPs: nhon« Vaet> !UR1.
SHAIXWALD BUCKBEE A CO.. *.
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$15,000— Ellis St.. near Polk; substantial Im- 1
provements renting fcr $55; lot 27:6x1-0
feet to rear street.
$21,250— Jaekson-st. corner. Presidio Height*:
elegant modern residence of 11 rooms. -
baths; first floor, library, double par-
lors, dining-room beamed ceiling, pan-
' eled oak. hardwood floors, etc. : four
bedrooms and 2 bedrooms in attic; lot
37:6xl27:Sfc f«et. m
$7,200— Baker «.. near Clay; cottage of 6
rooms; bath; large lot. 40x137 :« feet.
$7,700— Reduced from $S50u; Sutter St.. near
Gough; substantial residence of 8 rooms
and bath; lot 25x110 feet; a great bar-
gain.
$5.750— Clay st near Webster: residence of 9
. rooms and bath; lot 23x102 :4^ f«et; lot
is situate on a corner of a public al- ;
ley; light and sun on three sides. .
$17.500— Van Ness ave.. near Vallejo St.; beau- ,
tiful modern residence; every conven-
ience: first floor; large reception hall, |
living room, dining-room. In oak. but-
ler's pantry, kitchen, etc.; 4 bedrooms.
2 baths: attic has 3 bedrooms; lot 40
feet front: permit at office.'
$3,250 each— Filbert st.. near Scott: magnifi-
cent marine view; lots 27:6x137:0 fset
each, and corner 55x137 :C feet.
$7.5CO— Jackson near Central ave; grand key ,
lot Mxl27:8V, feet; ready to build on.
$10,5CO— Hyde st., near Sutter; fine residence
of 10 rooms and bath; rents for $50 a ,
month. [
$13,500— Guerrero st.. near Fifteenth: 3 n««w J
flats. Just finished; 6-7 rooms and bath: 1
all the latest Improvements; rents $120 ,
per month; lot 25x131:9 feet.
$15. OOP — Frar.klln «t.. near Pacific ave.: new .
2-story residence about 1 year old: large r
drawing-rooms, reception hall, hardwood
floors and tiled grates; Spanish cedar ;
wainscoting, beamed ceilings, butler's
pantry, kitchen etc.; 4 bedroom's, large •
closet, bath, etc.; beautifully finished; ;
2 servants' rooms; basement contain* i
laundry, storeroom, etc; lot 27:6x92 j
feet; full particulars at of flee. ;
$20,000 — Washington st. : NW. corner, opposite |
Alta plaza; beautiful 2-story attic and •
basement residence, containing salon |
parlors, dining-room, butler's pantry, j
kitchen, etc.: 3 bedrooms, bath; 2 b?d- 1
rooms in attic: house 4 years old: elec- I
trie lights; selected woods for all in- j
terlor woodwork: concrete basement: j
plenty of sun; elegant view; lot 27:6x110 !
feet.
$40,000 — Montgomery -st. corner: improvements !
consist of 3-story brick building of about I
50 rooms: leased 5 years at $200 per
month; lease guaranteed; other improve-
ments, frame, renting for $85 per month;
portion of lot vacant and ready to build
on; lot is 113:6x137:6 feet, with L 24x
73:8 feet. This Is one of the finest in-
vestments ever offered on this etreet.
$5,.',00 — Golden Gate ave.. near Scott st.. sub-
stantial 2- story residence of tt rooms and
bath: lot 27:6x110 feet: a bargain.
$11,000 — Mason st., near Vallejo; 3-story brick
building of flat*. 4-5 rooms; 7 tenants;
rents $S7; lot 49:8x100 feet: only half
of lot Is improved; tenement could be
built In rear, which would double the
rents. '
$8.0<X> — Webster ut.. near Clay; fine residence; ,
8 rooms and bath; large basement; now j
renting for $50; key lot. 23:SV»xlCO feet; J
will sell on easy terms; full particulars ,
at office.
$15,500 — Rents $141 50 a month: 3 new flats, i
7-8-8 rooms and. bath; Sacramento st.,
near Fillmore; lot 25:9xl32:8U 'eet; j
new flats.
$5,250— Natoma st.. near Ninth: 4 flats; rents |
$50; this property is in excellent condi-
tion; all good, prompt-paying tenants;
no repairs necessary; no danger of.va-
cancies; a good, safe buy; lot 23x75 feet. '
$17,000 — Second-st. corner, near Harrison; 70x 1
05 feet; fine site for factory or ware- |
house purposes.
$12,500 — California st., near Hyde: fram* Im- j
provements; lot 50x110:6 feet; hand- |
some location to improve.
1 $5,250 — Moss St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh, near j
Folsom: 2 flats. 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
rents $40: lot 24x280 feet.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. "
Real Estate' Agents.
215-220 Montgomery st.
SPECK * CO..
203 Montgomery St.
209 Montgomery St.
200 Montgomery St.
Real Estate Agents and Rent
Collectors.
$110,000^ — Rents $9600 annually; secured lease:
modern building: vicinity Taylor and
Bush; lot r."ixl'J7:0 ft.: exceptionally
good investment.
POLK ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$25,000— Stores and apartments; 40 feet front-
age; rents $1S0; pays over 7 per cent,
net.
HAYES ST. INVESTMENT.
$24,000— Rents $168: 37:8 ft. front; 2 front- |
ages: near Laguna St.: want offer. :
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT. I
$16,500 — O"FarreU St., east of Van NeBS ave.:
nays 10 ner cent net by assuming
$9000 hank mortgage; rents $115; lot [
27:6x120; two frontazes; cheapest buy ;
east of Van Ness.
$13,500 — Modern flats, near Fillmore and Wal-
ler; rents ?122; lot BO feet frontage.
BIG INTEREST-PAYING FLATS.
$25,000 — Corner Western Addition; rents $230;
lot 37:<SxS5; splendid new building.
$22,500— One-half block from Market St.; rents
$171; fine improvements; lot 75x100.
$19,000— Aryiual rents $2185; Golden Gate
ave. modern bay-window flats; lot
50x137:6.
$13,500^ — Rents $1440 yearly; 4 new flats; near
Park Panhandle; lot 37:6x112:6.
$10,000 — Two beautiful Po»t-st. flats; close to
Gough; 30 ft. frontase; always rented;
yearly rtnts $900.
$9,250— Rents $9« 60; business property rear
6th and Harrison sts.; lot has two
frontages.
$6,000 — Vicinity 9th and Mission; 3 flats;
rents' $56; building in first-class condi-
tion: lot 24:6x84 ft.
SPECK & CO.,
209 Montbomery St.
$45,000— BUSH St.. east of Mason, north
side; 82:6 front by 120 deep to alley; old Im-
provements.
$25.000 — Broadway; S7:« front by 137:6 feet
deep with entrance from Pacific ave. ; mag-
nificent and unobstructed view.
HAMILTON C. BOWIE JR..
301 and 202 Hearst Building.
A SNAP. 65x137:6
Post st.. n. I., 137:6 feet west of Franklin.
Kee it to-day. Particulars at
B. GETZ. Room 22 Chronicle Bldg.
$1S5O — NEW cottage of 5 r. and b. : 2 blocks
from 28th and Mlssicn sts.. on Prospect ave.;
street work done; fine view; will loan ?U00
on this with easy payment!).
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
BARGAIN; 2 new flats; 1400 Eighth ave. and
J; pays over 12 per cent net; Sunset District,
south of Golden Gate Park.
: $1.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lots in the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level, no
grading to do: ready to build your little home
on; clcse to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., Room 5.
$10,S30 — 3 SWEL'L flats, not yet completed, but
rented for $1200 per year; 7lh-ave. boulevard.
Nos.7S0-2-4, near Fulton St.; 16 mlnutfs from
City Hall; all-night car service; every possl-
5 ble latest Improvement; 25x120. Apply on
premises, from 1 to 4.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: w» loaa
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bulldin*.
$1100 — COTTAGE of 4 rooms: good location;
street work all done; easy terms. 3316 Mission.
FOR sale — Lot. 50x105; nice garden and cot-
tage; bargain. 712 Church st. ; „
PLUMBING, new cr .old: estimates given.
AHLBACH ft MAYER H-tfi Howard «t.
i 3 AS MATKO KP.AI, KSl'ATB.
BAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT XEAR SAN KRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreag*. Don't fall
to see us before buying. Investigate San
Mateo Park. The ideal property of them all.
Lots, of about one acre ' each. Easy term*.
Bound to be most valuable. See our local
agent, Frank S. Grurnmon. San Mateo office
open Sundays.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post it.
FAN MATEO. BURLINGAME.
Best suburban homes near San Franci3co; no
ferry: electric railroad now running; lots and
residences for sale; we can sell good lots as
low as $5CO each: we will be glad to show
them; we also have some acreage land near bv
as low as $100 to $20O per acre
McAFEE BROTHERS
108 Montgomery st.. Ban Francisco
Resident agent, S. O. GOODHUE Western
Inton Telegraph building. San Mateo.
PROPERTY WASTED!
WANTED— A Western Addition or Minion
home: price from $20C0 to $3300. Address
box 4B25, Call.
PALO ALTO— Wanted, cheapest lot for cash
A. CQOKE. Palo Alto. .
HKAL KSTAIi; - WAMEU.
WANTED — From. 8 to 12 acre3 well- wooded
¦ land near Redwood City, or Woodstde: can
have old improvements: answer, giving full
particulars, price. B. L. F.. box 4631. Call.
WANTED— Two or three lots for cash; state
price and location. Box 4612. Call office.
; REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
— «¦..... .
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEX RANCHES fcVK£JYWH2IRE.
EXCHAKQga.
$15,5C0 — 1C3 acr:s; ail level; I mile of town;
Contra Cuata County; ctessm a-rwm huuse; 2
large Lams; 7 ixjuitry hou«ta; 2 Urse gran-
aries; income about JjOti> a year; best ranch
in the county.
fUC.COO — Kiamath Co.. Southern Oregon; bor-
denng nn tilK Klarnatft LJtke; MOO acrea; cut
about .:»!•• ions 01 hay annually: also targe
quantities of srain; well fenced and cross-
ftnvea; s 1 **! S-rcom residence; larming imple-
ments; lu horses; U good barr.--. etc.
jJIO.'KK;— In Sonoma Co.; SCO acres well fenced
in ;t uelds; hou«; a lan:e buraj; dairy housa;
well watered; 1IA> acres tillable; all level; -k
aens »-year-cId orchard; JO h^sd caule; :a>
bogs*; saniuns implements, etc.; <it(A> murl-
gas-L-; trade lor bay property.
J-*7,W!t>— In Placer Co.. on IS. «.— IPO acres,
part OT«f uottora, all tan be ploughed; carry
¦iM> head cattlt; >e;ir round; dw.'iliii o '; J ai>u4
barns; tar.T.ins Implement*; D'» head rattle; 14
head hcrsts; pienty wat<?r to Irrlsat j; part cash.
$SSU) — Scid> by crder u{ riuperior Court, lead
acres, near foint A.-ena. -CO acres rtne totato
land; amit orchard; i.iiU acres rr.i-re could bt
planted; fct!O acres h^avy timber; well im-
proved asi fenced; finu dairy cr stock rancn.
*.%CO— Best rumrh ir. Southern Oregon; oJO
acres; 2 acts Kuoci improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horsfs: farming teols; outside range.
».;25u— Only 2 miltu ot iow«. 155 acres; li>
acrea old vineyard; family oriliard; bu acrea
clover or al:aifa; und«r ii ditches; large new
barn; will build dwelling tt> uuit buyer: lu
Hnt milch cows; larming implements; only
I10C0 down.
«^50ti — tw> arres near boat and car3, soncma
Co ; good fi-room house; vineyard, orchard,
barn. outbuIUiinsd, ncrses. cow. poultry. 5-UU
job can be had with the place.
$250U— One mile P. O.. schools and stores;
255 acres; 40 K-v^I; 10 could be irrigated;
house, lar^e bar.i, outhouses; well fenced and,
cross- fenced; 15»» hm?; new buggy, wagon.
farming tools; some atctk; S wells; water pipeU
to tulidinss; turniture.
J45CO— Two and a half miles llv« town and
R. R. : 40G acres; 4i> in srain on creek; about
1OO acres more bottom land; 10 acre* full bear-
ing orchard: balance timbered pasture; house,
barn, etc.; tine place for resort or sanitarium;
not ror irom city. jS'im
S5C00—3 milc-i of Santa Cruz; 4. acre*; «
unler cultivation, balance fins pasture; o«3
assorted fruit trees; 15W grapes; windmill ana
tank; water pised to buildlnss and yards,
splendid s-room hard-finished house. good
stable and poultry houses; span good horses; -
cows; 7 dozen hans; single and double buggi»»
and harness: hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. I pror^rty around bay.
S2b'Z0 — 1W) acres'. S miles of Napa City. -
miles P. O. ; 30 acres under cultivation; 15
acres fu!i bearina fruit;. 13 acres fln« grain;
H5 acrva rarfe could be cultivated; balanc*
broken and rocky; bouse, barn, poultry houses,
incubator, breeders. 2 wagons, 2 carts, horsa.
tow, poultry, tools.
$3000— 160 acres, at station and near ban. a
Cruz: 35 acre* clear; -orchard; lf)-room hou»e;
outbuilding*; mortgage *l > 00O; trada equity.
JSCSOO— Near Pan J,sc: U acre9 bearing rru't.
mostly prunes; facilities for irrigation; bulll-
*;i250— °<i a-r»s sandy loam, only 2Vi miles oC
Petaluma; house. 5 rooms and bath: part cash.
$750— Gold mine, with 80-foot shaft and fins-
body of ore In sight. El Dorado Co.; assay.
$14 a tor: would for vacant lot.
$2500— CD acre*: .'» miles from Santa Cruz. 20
arres under cultivation, balance rolling and,
SOBM steep; «mall or-V.ard and v l n «ya r( *- *>«":
ing- so«-d 7-r><om boss*. barn, outbuildings:
bank r«nclorare; $."><«> down and balance
monthly payments if d-sired^ *-„„_
$iaoo— Near Petaluma; 13 acres; «-r oo «J
house; good outbuildings ; tools: ~ a *°?
horse: 1<> poultry houses; 400 hens; - Incuba-
tor* and brooders; a mon»y-maker. m '~ nrmm
$lew^-rio3e to Pebastopol: 8 »"«»•. * *"?*
bearing blackberries; family orchard; S°od
well; raaalas water; fine J-rsey cow. spring
wason; harm-as; t.-ols: furniture. ,.,..1.
Jl.',»o-Nfar Sctastspol: 21 acres; all le^el.
2 flowing streams; « acres apples; - acr **
blackbTnerr nice S-room house. Mm. dijins
Plant: outbuilding; horses; farming tools; ru-
™taat%— uf'aerM a!I in aprtcots Just corn-
m*n"iiiK to r.*> :i r: 0 mllos from San Jose; lovely
h T7 e '^ a in Sonoma City. acre,: all leve.:
goM bomc. barn, windmill, tank house; 1..
poultry houses and yards: some alfalfa; spring
wagon; o«0 chickens; feed house
Send stanii> for printed list.
W I WHITK. •_'»¦• Montgomery st.. room :v
PROPSR-TY JCXCHANC.ES A SPECIALTY.
B~»T~A Merced River. Merced Co.. CaL; ap-
prawed by court at $71,000: assessed by
County AMOWfl «t JtO.COO; offered for $30.-
W0- U year's time. 0 per cent; 900 A. level •
grain, fruit ar.d alfalfa land; 4;:27 A. ro.l-
Jng— grazing and grain land: Merced River
passes throj;h land; WX) A. can be irrigated—
water free— no royalties; Improvement* good:
school 1 mile: rhurch and town ;; miles: on
Cirect road to Ynsemlte; must be sold to c!oj»
••ftate; a barRain: the profits from these lands
made the form:r cwner. JOH.N L. IVELIh
who was murdered in 1S00. rich; fine ra'.ns;
#veryUiln;r ereen and .crowing now. Address
J. W. KNOX. attorney-at-!aw. Merced. Cal.
TO close estate — Country place tn center of
Montecito Valley. Santa Barbara: nearly Vi
ncrtf well located: good S-room house, »t*-
ble 2* good welte. fruit and shade; furnished
or unfurnished: at leM than cost. Address
box ;>4, Mor.tecito. Cal. _
FOR sale — Country homes In every county In
California, at all prices, from $150 00 fo
$75,000 CO." Immense list to select from. If
you want land of any kind call on
HOWE A M ERR ITT.
952 Kroadway. Oakland.
£20 ACHES fine fruit, alfalfa or grain land,
near Winters. Ca!. ; property of Good Tem-
plars' home for orphans: must be sold. Call
or address VOLNEY TAYLOR. 1150 We:.it st..
Oakland.
TEN acres orchard: well fenced: house of S
rooms: high basement, barn, chicken-houses;
one mile from Hay wards; price $45C0. Ad-
dress. D. ClilSHOLM. Ilaywards. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues s-nt fre*. C. M. WOOSTEK CO.. *4S
Market st.
NO irrigation required in HumboMt County,
come and buy a farm or write W. T. BOS-
STELL. Eureka. Ca!.
REDWOOD tract 020 acres: accessible to TC.
r. ; above Uklah. Apply 1C3 Hartford st.
32«» ACRES CoKis.1 Co., to close estate. $•>»>;
half cash, half long time. Box 4C40. Call.
POINT IUCH.MOXP REAli ESTATE.
POINT RICHMOND LOTS, $5 per month.
McEWEN EROS.. 118 Montgomery «t.
KEAL ESTATE TO EXCUA.1GE.
OAKLAND property to exchange for good
country property. P. C. LASSEX. 466 Tentlx
St.. Oakland. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL. EST ATM.
HERE IS A CHANCE FOP. EVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS.
FOR SALE ON EASY TERM3
FOR 30 DAYS.
$30 DOWN. BALANCE TO SXT1T.
32 LOTS
33:1x123 TO 35x176.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
1 TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-ST. STATION*.
THIRTY MINUTKS FROM 3AS FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL
-TWO BLOCKS FROM CAR LINE.
A HOME FOR EVERYBODY.
Here is a house that must be seen to b»
appreciated; lot 5Ox2>;7; near Mastick station:
modern 9-room house: larga conservatory, rtne
gtounds, fruit trees, stable, chicken-house, etc.,
at a sacrifice.
I am now building several 5-room cottages.
Will be sold on terms. Come and see them.
51CC0— 5-room. l',3-»tory cottage; lot 2.3x101;
$luC0— 5-room, 1-ttory cottare; lot 26xlC0;
$liC#— j-room, 1-story cottaye; lot 20x100;
$175C— 5-rcom. 1 -story cottage; lot 20x123; one-
quarter rash.
$2150 — 7-room, 1-story cottage; lot 54x130; $5C0
ca!"h.
$2150— 5-rccm. 1-story cottage; lot 40x113; one-
half cash.
$2CCU — t;-room. 1-stcry cottage; lot 5(1x150; on<»-
haif ca?h.
$::ii:i' — 7-room. 1-story cottage; lot SCxlSO; one-
ruarter cash.
$I2I>O — O rooms: extra bargain: lot 5Ox2t>7; tine
location; $11)00 down, balance terms.
bUSINESS LOT ON PARK ST.; SCxlCO; A
SACRIFICE.
TWO NICF. WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVK.. NEAR STATION; BAR.
GAINS. LARl'.E LIST OF REALTY.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO
REAL ESTATE— A MODERN T-ROOU
HOUSE IN THE BEST LOCALITY.
APPLY TO A. R. DENKE. MCO WEBSTEK
ST.. ALAMEDA.
3 SIX-ROOM cottages; lot 37x110 $2CC0
New 5-room cottage: up to date. ..:.... $i".0o
2-story house; ."> renrns). $j:;0O
New S-room house; up to date $:;wm>
New 8-room hout>e S42:»»
House of 7 rooms; lot 50x130 $^»UU
CHARLES ADAMS A CO..
Bay Station, Alame-la. Phcne ti9'2.
BARGAIN— Two-story house and lot. 1320
Railroad ave.. Alam«?da: koy n*xt door;
cash or terms. Further particulars Macd"n*
aid Lumber Co., Cerry St.. bet. 3d A 1th.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. MARCH 13,. .1904.
43
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. Inc..
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th st.
INSURANCE.
REAL ESTATE.
Members Oakland Real Estate Association.
$2600.
Here Is a snaD in a 5-room cottage, new and
modern in every particular; on the north side
of a pretty street; clcs« In; everything In
gcod condition, and the place must be sold.
$3250.
Fine little 7-rocm, story-and-a-half cottage on
Howe street; lot 30x130; Hn» garden, with
sheds etc.; see this; It is a rare bargain;
terms will be made to suit the purchaser.
$3500.
Fine new S-room house, on north sMe of street,
close In; 1 , well bu'.lt and conveniently ar- 1
ranged in every way; terms easy; $500 down.
$1650.
Chestnut-street home of 5 rooms and bath;
nice little cottage, ccnvenlently arranged, on
lot 25x1)2; see this; the terms are ea*y.
$3200.
Filbert-street home ot S rooms and bath: large |
lot. 50x125: see this place before you buy; it J
will make a nice home. f
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. Inc.,
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th st.
EELDEN'S BARGAINS.
fl5,H>— Reduced from S25O0; elegant elevated
residence lot, 75x140, on choice corner In East
Oakland. "">
$li00 — Fine 40-fcot lot on East 14th St., near
2d p.ve.
«55o will buy a .".0-foot lot, nicely located,
near 2Ttd-ave. station.
16000 — Very choice home of 0 rooms with
fine stable on Oak Et.. near Madison Square
Park.
J275O— Splendid income Investment and spec-
ulatlcn; flats near new Santa Fe depot on
San Pablo nve.. where everything Is booming;
W)-foot lot: rents {27 and can be . Increased;
absent owner orders this sacrifice for Imme-
diate sale. BELDEN, Real Estate, 1112 !
Broadway. Oakland.
A GOOD business location and home combined;
excellent investment; $25O>; etore and flat
of 5 rooms upstairs; Adeline station, 7th st..
near new Western Pacific R. R. terminal:
ea«y terrr.3. T. F. RAYON. 421 10th St.,
Oakland.
AN OPPORTUNITY. I
$2700 — NEW SWISS COTTAGE. Just com- |
piet«d: 6 rcom?; oak finish, exceptional ar- j
rangtments. porcelain bath, open plumbing; ;
Hrg- lot: ?ee owner and save commission.
Apply ti'i Twenty-fifth St., Oakland. . !
-i
j FOR RENT IN EAST OAKLAND. i
! $27 50— Modern S-rootn house on Twelfth ave.. ¦
near car line an'l school; good etable;
high, sunny location. I
$22 50 — Choice 7-room flat on Fifth ave.; con-
venient to car line and station.
B. H. WET.CH A CO..
Fifth ave. and Eighteenth st. ;
OA KLAXP HOUSES TO LET.
W. H. Y.
FOR RENT.
Three modern residences of 8 and 3 rooms: j
<jne furnished: beautifully situated on the |
heights; one en 3 corner, with choice mature }
fruit trees: finest neighborhood; view and situ- j
ation Ideal; these Rre choice
AVIS EM AN. HOLCOMB & YOUNG. j
314 San Pablo ave., Oakland. Cal.
OAKUM) FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl- j
ture. H. Schelhaas. 1 lth et.. cor. store. Oakland, j
IU.MHinsT REAL. ESTATE.
$1500 — S-room house; good lot; choice location;
easy terms. •
$2600 — 6-roem. handsome, modern home; lot I
100x140. I
$4750 — S-room modern home; electric lights: |
one acre of ground: fruit trees, etc. 1
ELMHURST REALTY CO., Elmhurst, Cal.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'31'TS
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
SELLING FAST.
SELLING FAST.
100 SOLD UP TO DATE.
Large new subdivision' at the station of Mill :
Valley; 40 acres In large lots in the very cen-
ter of the valley, none of which are less than
.10x120; prices range from $400 to $SCK>; terms \
10 per cent cash, balance $1O monthly: grand
home sites amidst pleasant surroundings: beau-
tiful views of mountains and bay; the climate
unequaled; splendid opportunity for an invest-
ment; land values bound to Increase, as Mill
Valley Is rapidly coming to the front; the new !
electric road has shortened the time to 40 min-
utes from the city. Mill Valley has all the con-
veniences of a city; fine supply cf pure moun- I
tain water; good sewerage and drainage, elec-
trie lights, stores, churches and schools, and in
fact all conveniences: lots beautifully wooded:
send for our new illustrated book descriptive
of Mill Valley.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery gt.
DIVIDEXD NOTICES] ~
AMERICAN Can Company— A dividend of 2>_
per cent has thl3 day been declared upon the
preferred nock cf this company, payable on
April 1, 1304. to stockholders of record at the
close of business March 21. lOOi. The trans-
fer books will be closed as to the preferred
gtock from March 22 to March 31, bcth days
inclusive. Checks will be mailed. !
R. H. ISMOX, Secretary.
: March 10. 1304.
! SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Bulld-
¦ ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
; building, 70S Market St., opposite Third —
; For tha half year endins 31st of December.
j 1H03, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital Etock and partlclpatins; certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
AKD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. S-creta ry.
SKAVINO MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES:
DOMESTIC — Tho machine for family use;
best Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office, 1C21 Market, near Sixth. 1
NEW HOME — See our new triple-reed ma-
chines; slightly used: $10, $15, $20; second-
hand. ?".. *5. $S: all styles: guaranteed.* New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.'
PROPOSALS. — —
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley— Notice
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men —
Notice Is ht-reby given that sealed bids are
rollcited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the- materials for grading. leveling
and terracing certain portions of the grounds
of the Affiliated Colleges of the University
of California, fronting 'on Parnassus
avenue, San Francisco, Ca!.. and said
bids will be received at the offlw oi
the Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at
or b-fore 12 o'clock m. ot- March 18. 10t>4.
Plans and specifications for said grading
have, been adopted and may b« examined
dally at the offlce of N. BLAISDELL, room
IS. 222 Sansome st-, San Francisco, from
i) a. m. until 4 p. m.
•Bids must be In the form contained in ths
fpeclflcatlons. No bids will be considered
unless accompanied by a certified check or
bond of bidder. In favor of the Re-
gents of tho University of California, equal
to ten (10) per cent of his bid. with suf Sclent
FUret'.es, conditioned that If said bid b« ac-
cepted the bidder will duty enter Into a
proper contract and bend to perform the duty
and obligations In accordance with said bid
; and with the plans and specifications, which
«re hereby required to bs a part of such
! contract. The right to reject any and all bids
is hereby reserved. ¦
B" order of the Committee on Grounds and
! ; Buildings of the Board of Kegetita.
I > V. H. HENDERSON.
Acting Secretary.
NOTICE to buyers of Rrain bags— I am author-
Ued by the Board ot Prison Directors to sell
Jive hundred thousand (50O.C0O) grain ba-rs at
$5.2f>, spot cash, within the next thirty days.
In lots up to and not to exceed 50.000 bags to
- any one individual or firm, all orders to be
accompanied by the affidavits required by
law. Bags willlw stored at the risk of the
purchaser not to exceed six months. Blank
order? can be had upon application. J. \V."
TOMPKIXS. Warden San QuenUn State.
Prison.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT ? S'3I'NTS
KRUITVALE URAL ESTATE. *
H. BARKMEYER,
• lkOG Fruitvale Ave., Frultvale, Calr
$9uO — Hcuse of S rooms and bath; city wa-
ter: barn and chicken houses; fruit trees In
bearing; lot 40x132:6; terms. 4KO cash, bal-
ance SUiJk) per month; 2 blocks from car line;
near Elmhuret.
51C0O — Cottage of 3 rooms; corner lot, 60x100;
nice fruit trees In bearing; near Park ave.
and car line leading into Alameda from Oak-
land.
J1100 — Almost new ccttage of 4 rooms: hard
finished; corner lot. ltOxlfO; fine well and
pump; stable and chicken houses; one block
from car line.
FITCHBURG.
*1."?CO — Cottage nt 4 rooms, hard finished; lot
35x100; half block from Frultvale station, on
Fruitvale ave.; terms, $100 cash, balance same
as rent.
51Wf> — New hay-window cottage of 5 rocms
and bath: all modern: high basement; lot 40x
113; half block from car line; worth investigat- ]
ing.
$1600 — A bargain; 2-story building of 5
rooms and bath upstairs and storeroom down-
Ftalrs; half block from Fruitvale station, on
Frultvale ave.; t'rm?. $200 cash, balance $16 80
per month; line investment.
$210^ — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
high bas»m*-nt, city water; lot 75x200, all
fenced, fronting on two streets; terms. $450
cash, balance on bank loan. i
$_7C0 — New, up-to-date cottage of 5 rooms,
large reception hall, gas and electric lighting,
combination fixtures, porcelain bath, china
closet, etc.; large lot: oa Frultvale ove.: will
make reduction for cash. For particulars up-
ply to
HENRY BARKMEYER. 120S Frultvale ave.,
Fruitvale, Cal.: tel. Brook 03S.
CHAS. F. LEE, Phone Vale 206.
O/fice half block from the Fruitvale station.
S2C0 cash — New 6-room cottage, corner lot 1
being 45x71x104; close to train, fine school and j
ftreet cars; monthly payments, $lo; price all
to!d 5UC0.
$400 cash balance $14 50 monthly; 4 rooms,
bath, high' basement cottage: abundance of
berries and flowers; 'two tints of street cars
within a block; fine school: lovely neighbor- 1
hood: lot :^.xl40; price all told $15-5.
S:;CO cash, balance $12 per month; larce 4-
I rojm cottage; fins well of water: chicken yards ,
1 ard houses; set out In berries and ?tuall vege-
tables: fine place for a chicken ranch; lot lOOx
i 245: elcee to the foothills; street cars and fine
: school near by; price all told $130C.
S"OCC Splendid two- story house, 6 rooms,
; bath and pantry, high basement: close to local
1 train, church and school; fruit trees, berries
1 and flowers in abundance; lot 45x125; easy
te $75 S lcts in' the beautiful Rosa Le» Tract: fine j
! soU; erand view: n« homes rapidly going up: |
; no col'i winds or wet f'.trs and lots only $.3 j
! tach- Jr. rtown balanc* 5- 50 ner month.
; CHAHLFS F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
! OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS j
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
i . -
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOLCOMB BREED & BANCROFT. Inc.,
i ICXJO BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
UNIMPROVED. i
| 5375 — 40x120: street work complete; car in
front; elecant scenic view; first-class lo-
cation.
L. T.
j jtjnc — 40xl.»5: street work, sewers, etc., com-
plete: betwern Telerraph avenue and
; Grove st.: just the surroundings for a
nice home.
S. F.
; SANTA FE TRACT — »f>xl33; street work com-
plete; $t00 ti> S7OU.
i LATHAM TERRACE — 10x120; street work
complete; $375 ud.
' Borland prorvrty; very fine; close in; 45 feet
frontag'-s: "ranging frcm $37 50 to *6O:
the only elevated inside property situated
between Telegraph ave. and Broadway.
I LINDA VISTA TERRACE; exceptional home
: ' !
! WHY PAY FO MUCH FOR RENT? IT IS j
JUST AS EASY TO APPLY SAME
AMOUNT AS INTEREST AND PRIN-
CIPAL OX YOUR OWN HOME. ANY
OP" TllKSE PROPERTIES ON SMALL
PAYMENT DOWN. Ii/«vANCE MONTH-
LY, JUST LIKE YOU PAY RENT. ;
ZZZI
S2C-00 — Xew colonial house; 6 rooms; recepticn .
hall; exceptionally fine dining and living ;
rooir.s. 12x22. ranelcd: gas and electric !
lighting: r>orcelain bath, open plumbing; •
Scod surroundings: near Telegraph ave.
AN UP-TO-DATE COTTAGE. '¦
$2710— Five room*: reception hall, connecting
d!nlni?-room and parlor; cozy window '
siats: fine mantel, bookcase and china j
closet: tas ard electric lishting:' open ;
plumbing: medicine chest; must be. eeen j
to aDnreciate its good value; close to i
Telegraph ave.; lot 37:6x115; see photo |
j . and rla.ns at office.
M. A. B.
JCOGO — Xew colonial hcuse; S rooms; bath, etc.: I
modern; every up-to-date convenience: lot i
42x115: eood location and surroundings:
near Telegraph avenue and crosa-town
Key Route.
, $225O— New iu-story cottage; 5 rooms and
bath; sunny; close to Telegraph ave. and I
Key P.oute to San Francisco.
I HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT, Inc
1060 BROADWAY, OAKLAXD.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO
I Tel Cedar 301. 123C Broadway, Oakland Cal
1 Vf a -L E ?; ale - insurance and Financial Agents]
; SlboO— Modem Queen Anne cottage of 6 rooms,
in Piedmont, close to new ferry line; this
cottage has basement and 30x100 feet lor
built about two years; house alone cost
?1n<0; reduced price, foreclosure sale 1*'43
; $1750— Modern cottage of 4 large rooms, with
high basement and barr.; lot 2.^x120 feef
house alone worth r>rlce; on Walsworth
ave., Linda Vista district. i»o-»
$l«0O — Cottage of 5 rooms; situate east of
Broadway, between 8th and 14th sts
about four blocks from business center*
this is a rare opportunity to secure a '
place cheap, as the ground alone is worth
the money. 13M '
; $2000 — Large, two-story house of 6 rooms bath
; and laundry, with cement basement, barn
and chicken houses; about 10 minutes-
¦ walk irom postoffice; owner going Ea»t
I and has reduced pries from $20(X>. 1O5O
I $2250 — A good cottage of 5 rooms and base-
ment, with good brick foundation, with
a frontage of 81 feet; also large two-story
tarn; situated between Grove and Tcle-
i graph ave. and south of new ferry line*
! this place Is worth ?2750. 133a
J2500 — A cottage of » large rooms and base-
ment; extra well built; one block from
S. P. station at Oak st.: house renting
*22 r>O per month; easy terms; cheap at
?2750. 39
$3000 — Modern two-story house of 6 rooms, re-
cently built; 35 feet front by about J50
feet deep; In the vicinity of Thirtieth and
Grove sts. : terms can be arranged. F.
$3250 — Modern house of 6 rooms, bath, station-
ary tubs; two toilets, open plumbing;
combination fixtures, in fact, a strictly
up-to-date home; large lot with room for
driveway; 32d and Grove sts. 1161
TAYLOR BROS & CO.
Tel. Cedar 351. 12C6 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
LAKE MERRITT BOULEVARD.
CHEAPEST RESIDENCE PROPERTY IV
OAKLAND; SELLING LIKE HOT CAKES-
SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS OFFERED NOW :
ONLY CHOICE RESIDENCES ALLOWED TO
BE ERECTED.
THIS TRACT WILL INCREASE IN VALUE
25 PER CENT THE COMING YEAR. CALL
AT ONCE IF YOU DESIRE AN ELEGANT
KU1LDING SITE AT AN EXTREMELY LOW
PRICE.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.
1052 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
11750— 5-ROOMS. bath; all In good condition;
lot 33x110; Thirty-second St., near Market.
New home. Just completed, north side of
Thirty-fourth st.. near West.
A SNAP — Fine J»-room modem house; new
plumbing, large porcelain batli. elegant mantel,
2 rooms and hall finished In curly redwood:
walking distance of town. In choice location;
lot 35x100. ¦
GEO. W. AUSTIN.
REAL EPTATB AGENT AND DEALER,
MEMBKU OF THE OAKLAND REAL
KSTATE ASSOCIATION.
1002 BROADWAY, OAKLAND, CAL.
11000 CASH. ?15 monthly— Cottage of 6 rooms,
bath, etc.: cood barn and stable, chicken-
houpe, large chicken range, flowers and Im-
mense trees. In fine section, one block from
cars; city water, sewer, gas; away from
fo;s and cold winds; sandy loam soil; a
lovely spot: adjoining East Oakland; size
100x200: all fenced; this Is a take-in at once:
property price in all $2600. Call or send, for
circular. 455 7th St., opp. Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland: carriage free.«*\£*»:
H. Z. JONES. Land Owner.
$0300 — a FINE home In Lake Side district:
¦ thoroughly modern and up to date; 10
rooms: lot 45x100: 5 blocks from new
P6Btoffice: old price $syo<i; mutt be sold.
*400O— A lovely home near Telegraph ave; 0
rooms; modern in every way; driveway
and barn; electric lights In barn; look
this up at once.
C. K. MARSHALL, Ills Broadway.
MKCRLU .VKOCJI FOlt SAT.E Cnn.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
* Co.. 122 Market -t.
1 GASOL1NK «ng!n»*. automobiles end launches;
I all size?. J. E. DOAK. 4« Fremont st.
I ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
! makea. ALFXANPEH X- CO. 110 Montr?-
MISCELLAX EOt S WAXTS.
1 WANTED- Buyers for ths "Veil of Ists." a
I c-riot's pamphlet: sent on receipt cf 10c,
; sliver or stamrs. Hermetic Pook Concern,
_£i>9 Vtn N«s» ave.. San Francisco.
MODERN ensine lathe. 1« inches or m^r»;
lowest cash; glv» particulars. Box 43!»7,
jL'all of_ce.
I WANTED— Light stee! or lrcn rails, eizht vr
twelve lounri. In goal cenditicn. EDWARD
A. ELLSWORTH. Mies. Cal.
! WANTED— To buy dairy, with or without
_f_*21.__ r city - A^ 1 "* 8 " OS States 3t.. cilT.
! SHOEt? warned: misfit & rastc.ff : highest prc«- ;
I new & -Jd hand shoes* f.->,- sale. 71!t .vti-sioO.
i BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
I 114'.» Market s:. ; phone Jessie :>741, or postal,
WANTED— Electric light bath; state price
and make. Address byx 45SL Call.
WANTED — A gent> pony, net over 11 hands
high: terms reasonable. Cox 4615. Call effle*.
' I PAY highest prices for all kinds of east-oil
cJotiilng; serd postal. MORRIS. 94J Folsom.
i TILTON warts *ood s»co^d-han<1 clothlnj and
j t»-<»atrK-ti sr^r^t. l.M nth St. : f t. J>n«.e 2<V.
MOSEY TO LO.VX.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
eill-OC-tOa Exi.-nlner Buiidin*.
I Quirk settlements; no disappointment.
Save *xpens»s by listing dir«ctly.
Estates. *e-ord mortgages, undivided lr.t«r-
t*ts. a#siynm<nts of n'nts. property In trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates ain-i ucdivlUed ia-
tareata -in property purchasei.
Courteous ti>atm*nt. Strlotly confidential.
When You Need Money
Set HERMAN MURPHY.
I MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
•'ONTHOL ?l.W'rt.OCO.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST C PER CKNT
! FIRST. SECOND AND THIKD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND.
i COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
i UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN KEAl.EsTATB.
REAL ESTATC IN TRUST.
107-S-9-10-11. CROCKER BUILDING. 3. F.
WILL LOAN
A reaionable amount ca
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, en real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars.
of property or chattels.
Location. «tc.
1 Box 4CS. Call offlce.
; j MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
1 j cbantf. teamsters. tioaTdinjr-hrHises. without
1 security: easy payments; large buslr.es* ti
48 principal cities. Tol'r.an. KV5 Parrott b!d«;.
' j HIGHLY respectable pftvata place to obtain
liberal advances on dia^nonds. Jewelry, at 2
I per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Ptor».
¦ ' S4« Market: tel. Main ltt+4. Branch. 13 TTjlrd.
1 ANY amount cjulckly on furniture or piano,
without removal or ether security; nr» com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
, i Credit Co., C5< L'cn.>hoe bid?.. U7i> Market st.
, j 1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal:
no commission: no publicity; t-T> up; quick
fjulet. crna<!»ntlal. 20 Montgomery St.. rm. T.
i M. JACOBSON & CO.. Hnancial brokers. Emma.
! Spreckela bid?., rm. CM: leans and all other
' i fnanrial matters negotiated: confidential.
, 1 ¦
I MONEY to loan on low Interest: goli. silver,
diamonds, pear's and precious stor.ej bougat
. J at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 S'.xth at. •
' i " ' "
! • MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 1OS Crant aw'«..
I \ LOANS FROM «1 TO SlO.Cro.
. I NEW easy method — To wa<e earners en unin-
I dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loaa
¦ I Company, rocms 4S-4D. Chronicle bldjr.
j TO salaried people without security: ort fvirni-
' I tore. Indorsed not** ami other security. 5. 7.
1 j Discount Ag-ency. 14.T Phelan bl-lg-.
1 AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prlvaoy;no commission; installments acc?pte4.
BONELLI. SOI Eddy. Conservatory building.
! ALL loans on •liamond? ar.«l Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5.18 Kearny.
t 3^, ON furniture & pianos: 915 up; no removal;
. j no com. V. TEEMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. ll>03 Mutual
Savings Bank building. TC8 Market st.
> STAR Loan Co. of wyomina: leans money to
, salaried employe*. R. .til Mutual Sav.Bk.bld
1 CASH loaned salaried p»ople en notes without
. Indorxr. MORELI.. rm K«mtn»r huiidir.*.
'1 =J
I 3JO.M: V WASTED. —
1 1 WANTED — 12500 on hotel property; food se-
curity; will pay reasonable rate of interest.
I Box 4C-0. Call.
. 1 WANTED — Lean of <2C0 on town property;
1 ! will tay 9 »er cent. Box 464'J. Call.
1 j JISOO WANTED one year; good security. Box
I I 439O. Call office.
( a" B^RO^^^iTu^Y^nVRGAIN SAlS IN
SLIGHTLY USED PIANOS.
Draper upright grand: a pedals Iluo
Wilson * Co. upright grand; U pecJala. . ,%\M
R. 9. Howard &¦ Co. upright grn-l: a ped-$2UU
Lester & Co. upright grand; :; pedals ».5o
Krell-French upright grand; " pedals. *".i/<>
Byrcn Mauiy baby upright; U pedals $ZZS
Byron Mauiy cabinet grand; 3 pedals.. 1373
r | Schraer & Co. cabinet grand; 3 pedals.. I40O
'• Sohmer & Co. baby grand $700
Byron Mausy pipe organ (new) $13CO
Square planes $3) up j
Organs S1O u»
SEE Ol'R WINDOWS FOR SPECIALS.
BYRON MAUZY, SttJ Post St.
! Agency Sohmer & Co. pianos, Ceciliaa
I piano p'.ayer.
' So trouble to show goods.
! BARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND PIANOS A3
FOLLOWS:
Two Steinway. one Chickering. one Sterling,
cne Ha'.r.es Bros., two Stcck. one Steinway
grand and one Steck grand: also many other
pianos from $75 up and square planes frcm $10
up, all fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ <_ SON. 16 O'Farrell it.
* A CLEARANCE *ale of upnght planes frnm
$.'.0 up; greatest bargains «ver offered In San
Francisco: all makes. We rent uprlgh.
pianos for »2 cer month: new at *.J per
month: all money Datd apclles on purchase
Heine Piano Co.. 235-2U7 Geary it. Oakland
address 1252 Broadway.
' ONLY Dlano house In the city that will rent
; you a new piano for £; p«r month and allow
ti months' rent and cartage off purchase
price; sole acents fur MePhail. Schiller and
' ether makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 3fO Hayes.
1 A FEW unredeemed storage planes <a!so furni-
ture* will b- sold to pay >toragn dirt cheap.
• WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1UI8 Market st.
¦ ; SMALL pianos for small apartments; great
j tone; rent or sala. Byron Mauzy. 3C3 Post 3t.
! 1 NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
m j ments. SCHM1TZ A CO.. 16 McAUUter st.
- j 3-PEDAL #i»=rlnway up. ;Chlck?rins baby grand:
bhoni#5«r. littla used. KeefJe's. 2S5 O'Farrfll.
I IF you want barcair^s come now; ptanos at-
'. most given away. Hcrnung. Cltl McAllister.
' A FISCHER urrlght piano for sale; jcuod as
new; |l:«*.. 221 Geary st.
; SOHMER. Byrcn Mauxy pianos. C»cl!Un planu
player. BTRON MAUZT. rws-'.ll Post »t.
» ! CHEAPEST and best In America— The YTwkiy
¦ I Call. IS pajess. cent to £ny address in in*
• I United States or Canada on* year for $1
OFFICES A>D STOIIES TO LETT
c FOR rent — That fine large store :s: ¦"_.". Mis-
sion st.: in ft. frontage: 'Z entrances: in th.%
cew wholesale district: superior incattcn. Ap-
ply MADISON k BURKE. GO Montgomery.
7 EU5HTH St.. ?-r. — Two nre stores. *\Z 5i>:
each has 2 living rocms. or can ty; used all
together: water free.
' ELLIS. 403 — 5 modern rooms, suitable lot
physicfan or ientist; liberal Inducements.
VALENCIA, ir.ni— Neat storo to let; counter,
shelving ; rent cheap.
1 —— — ' ~" ~— ¦ — — — -¦
l»APERH.\3f»ISK. FAIXTISt;. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $1 up: tinting, pair.;'-- 1 ;?.
. Hartirann Faint Co.. 310 Thlri: tsl.Maln 4U.
nis'SlCIAXS A.tD SIRGEOX*.
'¦ D!C^7^7^ItoNNE~LL— Offlc* anXres*dene«u
1021 H Market st.. bet. Ctn and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, (kin and recta! diseases a specialty.
; DR. BALL. 1073^ Mark«f st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. hrrd doctor.
treats all <!is«a»rs of the human body: for
past four years at 111-117 Mason: now 1j-
• m cste-i at.C*7 Geary pt.. near. Leavnworth.
* DP. TONO PO CUT. successor to Dr. LJ Pa
Tal. terb doctor, cures all diseases of humaa
\by use of and teas. 727 Washington st.
- DR. M. MATSUDA has returWl from Orient.
g Now at-PE earner Gefcry and Taylor sts.
I WONC "WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls»
»a>«» «*un>t1 hv f*hine-«» h«r!» 74ft-» Clar st.
". For Additional Classified Advertise-
oicnts Sec PascFortjr-FoiO.
MATRIMONIAL- _^
A WIDOW of 34 "with one child." good
health, affectionate disposition, speaks sev-
eral languages, would like to m*et a g»n-
" tleman who would appreciate a kind and j
loving wife; object matrimony. Box 2T 1 C«.
Call offlce. !
WIDOWER 45 (one child 17 years old), a
home-loving man. good trade, would like to
meet a lady who would be a neat house-
keeper and loving wife and make him a
happy home; object matrimony. Box 2014.
Call office.
A PLAIN quiet young lady. 1? years old. net j
handsome but a kind disposition, would like
to correspond with a good an'l honorable
gentleman: object matrimony. Box 27B7,
Call offlce.
AM 22 years old. light blue ryes, b'.ack hair. ,
height 5 feet S inches, have good position. 1
would like to correspond with young liay;
object matrimony. Box 4*af*. Call officf.
A REFINED lady of 53. well educate-i. heal- i
thy. would like the acquaintance of a gen- .
tleman who is desirous of a good wife; ob- |
ject matrimony. Box 2757. Call offlce. !
A YOUNG man. 27. good position with the |
Government, would like the acquaintance of |
a young lady: object matrimony. Box 4t>47.
_Ca ll_of flee.
A FARMER. 43. good. comfortable home,
would like to meet a plain woman, honest I
and true; object matrimony. Box 4«20. Call, j
LADY 45 years old (widow), blue eyes and \
light hair, would like to correspond with a ;
gentleman; object matrimony. Box 4»tf<3. Call, j
A WIDOW. 43. educated and reflneJ. woulJ j
i like to meet a gentleman matrimonially ln-
j dined; object matrimony. Box 2*13. Call.
YOUNG man. 25. kind and loving disposition. \
I would like" acquaintance of a young lady; |
object matrimony. I5ox 4532. Call offlce.
A WIDOW without Incumbrance would like to j
correspond with a kind gentleman; object .
I matrimony. Box 4596. Call offlce.
LADY 39 year? old would like to corre?por.1 i
with a gentleman; object matrimony. Box
463S. Call offlce.
CHEAPEST and b?st In America— The Weekly j
Call. 10 pages. »ent to any addre?* In the '
l'nlt»d Stat«-g cr Canada, one year for $1.
MEDICAL. !
LADIES deylr'.ng. eafe, sure and quick reKef
from Irregularities ccr.sult me at once, my
methods ar° always 'h'e.- painless an.l reli-:
able: I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no 1
exorbitant fee«: 17 y»ars" experience in all
female <il»ord#rs: call or- write without delay,
advice free; correspondence confidential.
I DR. WHITE. 7C2 Market St.. rooms 7 and 3.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female i
complaints and Irregularities: instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experitnce. 820 Post st.
I MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. IOCS*. Market st.. cpp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; beat regulating pills
sold: Drtce $2 50 by express. Pasteurs
syringe and tablets: prici $5. By exprefi
only on receipt of prise. OSGOOD BROTH -
LRS. wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
LADY physician. Eastern diploma, compelled
to remain on Pacific Coast one year, desires
position In doctor's offlce: extensive experi-
ence with specialist having large clinical
I and correspondence practice, also hospital ex-
' periente. Box 29. 1CVS Market st.
! DR. G. W. O'E»ONNELL — All who are sick cr
j In trouble consult this specialist on female
i ' compiatnts: positively corrected: the unfortu-
j nate helr»«l: the most difficult cases treated;
¦J advice free. Office. 1018 Market at. -
i Drs. Gccrinin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
I in ocjtetrir*. female complaints; tnat. relief;
; treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
I MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies*
; speclulUl: a private home before antf during
i confinement: best medical care; low fees.
j DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
crig ! nal method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
LADIES— Our monthly regulator never fails;
box free. VITA CO.. Station A. Detroit. Mica. \
DR. ROSEN res'des 2995 Fotsom St.. corner
2cth; larii*?. relief or no fee: $10.
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 319 Powel! st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
j MIXES AXD MIXING
1 500 SHARES high grade stock at a bargain;
is going u?. Box 4827. Call.
j MISCELLA>EOl'S — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont at.
i ONE small screw-cuttlns lath? and
j counter shaft 565 <*>
: 100 Hfht dynamo with rheosrat, etc.. $«5 (*>
; 2 tan bark mills, almost new: each.. 5o CO
1 Double cylinder gasoline marine en-
gine. B h. p 20O0O
Fairbanks-Morse "Jack of all trades"
gas enarln- 60 OO
2-ln. centrifugal pump, nearly new;
gas er-gin- UO 00
Double orpostj 10 h. p. gasoline en-
gines for autos 123 00
I I^arscs bandsaw. suitable for shipyards 20y OO
: Small air compressor. «xS 100 •*>
: 2d-hand aermoter wind mill, complete 15 0O
I Helney safety tube boiler, complete;
5O h. p 20O0O
4-inch Gardiner governor; complete.. 4O 0O
;i-inch Gardiner governor; complete.. 20 0"»
Sparking dynamos ; new 1<> 0O
Grannis steam trap, *i In 10 C»>
Bundy steam trap, *i in •. . . . 12 OO
2n<i-hard water Diue, from lc per foot up.
All kinds of gas engine Darts.
All kimis of pump parts, etc.. etc.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
San Francisco and Oakland.
AT Oaklsnd Telegraph-Avenue Poultry Yard.
egg3 for hatching of B. P. Rocks. B. Minor-
' ca«. W. Leghorns, B. Cochin, Indian Runner
due!:?, Pt-kln ducks and Toulouse geese eggs;
also Incubator chicks. 6495 Telegraph ave.,
Oakland.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK! " ~~
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay:
need* no painting or floating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
i ELATERITE ROOFING CO.> 713 Market st.
: CD-HAND machinery, boilars. engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. et 1 ?.. bought, sold,
rent.d and exchanged; «e« Sunday papers.
' H. S. WHITE 11CHT. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
i PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
{ roofs with Asbestos Reef Paint; guaranted
to stop all leaks In the one and preserve tha
i new. 2C5 Front St.; teL Main 1423.
A— FINE «ults. $7 CO; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny St..
j ntar Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
; A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
{ gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc, WHITELAW. 253-S55 Spear St.
J ALTERATION "rale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 5o!
; Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st. near
• Plne:^>pen to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
1 TRY cur men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
' foot-form shoes at $2 50; w» pay express
; charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SVic ROLL and up: fine wall paper: samples
¦ mailed; pointing, tinting, papering. M. MER-
| 1GAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
! FOR sale — Gentle dog: large Scotch collie:
broke to work in harness; $23: age 2 year.-
' ami ti months. 2_5 Jackson st.
A 21x0 in.PLANEK and matcher.25 and Zt> h.p.
j ajasoKne engines, motors, generators, engines,
boilers. ml n. and mill.mach'y. 22<) Fremont st.
LARGEST runts. b»st hen pireons. GLEN-
i MOKE PIGEON LOFT. Elmhurst.
1 ______________________________________________________
¦ BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. .£03 Hay ward lliig.
FOR sale — Piano, music box. organ, harness
and modern house. 422 Orange st.. Oakland.
FOR rale— 1 electric light cabinet: good ccn-
ditkui. Address box 4400. Call offlce.
NEW double-oven Monitor steel range for sa!e
cheap. Apply 1530 Market st.
' NKARLY new American flag. Sxl5 feet, cheap.
I 77» Guerrero st.
' BAR fixtures of the Rocklngham, Powell and
O'Farrell sts.. for sale.
'. FOR Bale — Computing scale: first class order;
1 reasonable. 731 FoLsom st.
J A FRESH cow' and calf for sale. 509 Twenty-
ninth st.
; OAK bedroom set. spring and top mattress; a
! No. 7 range. Apply 1921 Pest st.
i FOR sale — Plumber's tools, grinding stone and
barbers' chairs. 953 Howard st.
• $20 — LARGE French range; new water back.
. S01 Scott, cor. Fulton: tel. gutter 112H.
' Encyclopedia Britannlca; Scrlbner edition; half
I morocco. King's Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister.
I GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged.
I repaired. Sykea-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
! SAFES and cash registers, new and cecond-
band. I. FREEMAN. )329 Market si.
I DESKS bought, jold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO., "S2 Mission; tel. Bush 467.
I SOME good second-hand g«3o!!ne engines. 1 to
I 12 h. p.. che? p. E. B. Beck £ Co., 122 Mkt,
SLOT machines cheap: Chlcagoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucka. BACIGALUPI. Vtt Marktt.
DESKS and safes; see the completriin* at ISIS
; Market, ib. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
i SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
j VNN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
.j MOVING pictures, magic lanterns. ia!e. rental;
I bartalr-L n_!!_rd & Breck. 131 Post »t.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS ;
OAKLAND KEAI. ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
¦iHO-id Elrhth et.. Oakland. 1
$5250— Fine modern house 0 rooms; every con- I
venience; includes caupets and stoves; lot 45x |
141; Albion, near Telegraph. .
$4250 — Elegant home; 7 rooms, reception hall:
n. e. cor.: 50x140; near locals; reduced from
$5*0; must be sold.
$4000 — Imposing residence: 10 rooms: lot 50x
100; adjacent to $20.C00 homes; worth $55(X>.
$3250 — Nice cottage; 7 rooms: 3 mantels; lot
42x125; renta $27 50; Filbert, near TwMfth.
$.3450 — Forced sale; large cottage: 7 rooms;
corner; 70x100; Seventh ave.; snap.
$2S50^ — Modern cottage. 6 rooms: bath: gas:
mantel: laundry; baaement; lot 45x100; 6
minutes' walk to city center; bargain.
J2)k>0 — MMern cottage: (i rooms: porcelain
bath: gas; laundry; lot SOxltSo; near 10th;
choice.
$2<S50 — Modern cottage; 5 rooms; bath; gas;
laundry; furnace; convenient to 40th-st.
i depot.
$3500 — Fine modern bouse: 10 rooms; corner:
.60x100; convenitnt to Broadway, car lines
and locals.
$2250 — Modern cottage; 5 rcorns; bath; mantel;
grillwork: lot 50x100: nfar new ferry station.
1 $2:tOO — Modern cottage; 5 rooms and bath; lot
;U)xlC3; rents ?20; 5 minute* walk to City
Hall.
$2250 — Nice cottage; 5 rooms and bath: wind-
1 mill, tank; lot 57x100; Linden St.; close In.
$2200 — Bay-window cottage; 5 rooms and bath:
corm-r; 37:0x110; Eleventh «t.; very easy
terms.
$2000— -Snap: modern house: 9 rooms; bath:
gas: 2 mantels; cement walks; rent $-5; near
railroad shops.
$H>00— -Neat 4-room cottage; bath; lot OOxlCs;
North Oakland.
$1500 — Modern ccttace; 5 rooms; bath; $300
down, balance as rent; near cars.
I $1800 — Nice <j-room cottajre; barn; lot 37Vix
j l?0; nice location.
! $13oO — Neat cottase: 5 rooms: bath: near 12th
st. and railroad shoos; easy terms.
$1300 — Neat ccttage. 4 rooms; basement; man-
tel; southeast corner flth st.
$1200— Nice cottase: 4 rooms; hath; lot 30x125;
nrar Twenty-fourth: easy terms.
$S,%0— plain cottaee; 8 rooms; lot 87:6x115!
1 well: shr.rt distance to new ferry.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
. 4C0-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
i WM. P. TODD.
', Oakland Real Kstate, •
¦ 1070 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
WE HAVE ABOUT 05 LOTS FOR EALE
CHEAP.
$150 Per Lot $150 Per Lot $150
j $450 Per Lot $450 Per Lot $450
i IN SAN PABLO-AVE. VILLA TRACT.
Four minutes' walk to Key Route and one
block to Golden Gate station.
CHEAPEST LOTS IN OAKLAND
Only S6 to $10 Per Foot.
WHERE CAN TOU DO BETTER?
$1600— Good 5-room cottar*: well located;
street work done; short walk to San
Pablo ave. and 22d st.
j J2D50 — Fine, pretty 5-room cottage on Grove
st.. near 3Gth; 53x116: easily worth price;
! owner crolng to San Francisco; see photo
I at office. 1
C31&) each — Two new and modern 6 and 7
room bungalow cottages; fine lots; one
block to new proposed Key Route line on
4th ave.; located on 5th ave. and East
19th St.; will be open afternoons for in-
spection; the corner house, a two-story
colonial modern C-room house, is for sale
at $3300. We are positively going to sell
these houses right away; terms can b«
arrani?ed; these prices have Just been re-
duced from $.3000; see photo at offlce.
*WM. P. TODD,
1070 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
Telephone John 971.
FOR SALE BY THE REAL ESTATE SE-
CURITT COMPANY.
370O0 — Large modern hcuse of 11 r. ; could
! easily be converted into flats; Brush st., nr.
: ISth: good Income property: large lot.
$0500— Two-story house. 10 r. in fine condi-
tion: ls,rgt lot. S. front; plenty of sun; close
: to local station: cheap.
*>;1'."hj — Just completed; up-to-date In every
1 respect; 2-story, 1<> r.. cement basement; fine
I elevation and neighborhood; close to car line;
I worth **.0C0.
£4000 — New, modern 2-story house of 6 r. ;
I shed In the rear; large lot; close to car. line;
; very easy term*.
i y.MiO — Good substantial 9-r. house on H2d
¦ st.. nr. Grove-st. car line; large lot; stable;
'; cheap.
j $3500 — New modern cottage of C r. on 37th
I st.: easy walk to Key route; $1000 cash.
: $3500 — Large S-r. cottage In fine condition;
I corner lot. 70x100; this property Is worth $5000.
$:*200— piedmont ave. ; 2-story hcuse. 8 r.;
j good barn; clcee to Key route.
$31C0 — Modern cottage of 5 r. and large attic;
; 4 r. can be finished in attic; cheap.
$2750 — Berkeley; close to Key route; 2-story,
i ntw. modern: easy terms.
84300 — New 2-story house. 9 r. ; nr. Tele-
I graph and Key route; easy terms.
$2700 — Modern cottage. C r. ; .'J blocks each
i way to Ashby and Lorln stations.
REAL ESTATE SECURITY CO..
130 MONTGOMERY ST.
WILLIAMS & CO..
972 Broadway.
$3S00 — Fine house of 6 rooms on north side of
47th »t.. near new station on Key Route;
modern and very complete; lot 50x_00,
with barn. This will bear cloaest Inspec-
tion. ,
$40C0 — Gem of a house cf 7 rooms on East Oak-
land Heights; built by owner for a perma-
¦ ne-nt home and no pains spared; complete
In minutest detail; to see it is to like it.
fu^CO — Splendid house of 9 rooms on sunny side
of Adeline; built 4 years ago and built
well. This place is offered at very much
below ccct.
And many other desirable properties in all
parts of Ockland.
Don't forget that we are in a position to In-
sure your property at lowest rates.
* _____ ,
WILLIAMS & CO.,
972 Broadway.'
A FEW OUT OF HUNDREDS.
A FEW OUT OF HUNDREDS.
J050— Fine northwest corner in East Oak-
land; 40x100; street work done.
•900— Fine 33-foot lot on north side of
street, close to Grove st.
$1500 — Will buy good lot on Broadway: 40 feet
front: close to 32d st. : same location on
Telegraph ave. would bring $5O per foot;
Broadway Is better.
?27O0 — For a new modern two-story house of
6 rooms, north Bide ot street; close to
Grove «sr.: fine location.
LAKESIDE DISTRICT— Your choice Of two
fine large places, each of which cost over
$18.0Qf>; will sell now for $12.0C0: owners
are both non-residents and say sell.
Over 1000 Places to Select From.
JAS. S. NAISMITH.
62J Thirteenth st.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
REDUCED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
OWNER OBLIGED TO LEAVE STATE.
MODERN 8-ROOM HOMESTEAD: LARGE
ROOMS, HALL AND BASEMENT: ' SPA-
CIOUS LOT. WITH FINE STABLE; PROP-
ERTY IN TIPTOP ORDER; EASY TERMS
TO GUARANTEED BUYER; FEW MIN-
UTES TO FERRY TRAIN.
WE HAVE OTHER ATTRACTIVE HOME
PROPERTIES TO SUIT YOUR PURSE.
WISEMAN. HOLCOMB & YOUNG.
314 SAN PABLO AVE.. OAKLAND. CAL.
' •
2137 AND 2139 Chestnut st.. Oakland; take
Key Route and gtt off at San Pablo-ave.
station; new 0-room houses; open porcelain
nickel plumbing; combination gas fixtures:
larre lota; sunny: key next door: one sol.1
to J. C. Davidson, manufacturing jeweler
and diamond Importer. 124 Kearny St.; ask
him about them; a bonrl pnd guarantee on
title and construction given; prices low;
terms easy: they are beauties and dirt cheap
and must be seen to be appreciated.
A1m> sten around tha corner to 1114 22<1
St. and examine that Swiss chateau: new
style' of- finish and architecture; key next
door: owner's name on premises.
FOR Kule — GO shares of the S. p. Milling Co
at 110 D»r share; thin company has all th»
warehouses along the line of the S. P. Coast
r"»d In tit co'mtle* of Monterey. S^n Luis
Obicpo.. Santa Barbara and Ventura; pays
50c per Hhare monthlv and hp« done so more
than 1? years: ran'»~l stock 4<W> «hares car
value ?1CO; •. th»« will nay 5 45.100 p*r e-nt
n«t: cut thU ad «*wt. »s it aprwMir* onlv this
time W. E. BARNARD, 47B Tenth st.,
Oakland. .
|jii00i'— FOR *ale, equity In Oakland husinent
hJr<ok: navs f» per cent: might exchange. Box
4.~_1I. O»ll nfflra.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'XT^
REAL ESTATE.
ALL BARGAINS'
OWX A 'JS£2P UlT IN * BERKELEY. THE
QUEEN RESIDENCE CITY
OF THE WEST.
$_nr»— Lot 60x130, near Ashby and Telegraph.
f'VJi — J^ T 80x138, North Berkeley,
e, Jw! — *^ arln corner en Grove St.. near station. !
5.WX) — Warm corner en' Telegraph ave.
$4000— House 13 rooms and house 14 rooms;
elegant lot. 5Cxl23 feet In Daley Scenic
Park; will rent for over $50 per month:
this Investment will pay 12 per cent net;
investigate. • •
\ J23C0— North Berkeley; 7 rooms: new. double !
floors; grand view; lot 40x135 feet; west '¦
frent.
$0000— Elegant home In Hlllegass Tract; 0 ;
room*; northwest corner; ground for a
second house; this is a cnap.
$100n — S-ror>m house. North lierkeley; high,
aristocratic grcund:fine view; near sta-
tion; see it and oth^r good things.
WRITE FOR MAPS OF BERKELEY AND !
RELIABLE INFORMATION TO 1
W. U. 2LLIS & CO..
1 Phone North 02. 2150 Shattuck ave. j
I JUST COMPLETED. !
THREE BEAUTIFUL NEW HOMES. ;
$3500 EACH.
They contain R rooms and bath each; all t);e .
, latest fonvmifiirff; extra well built; north sMe ;
j <•* Delaware st.. Just west of Grove; lots 40x1-3 :
i each.
, i
Open By Appointment.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO. flNC).
1172 Broadway. Corner Fourteenth St.. I
Oakland.
AMONG THE 1?EST~ "~
I — — I
$2300 — Rare opportunity; cottage cf 5 good i
• rooms; east of railroad, close to North Berke-
• ley station; easy terms.
$26.V> — 2-«tory colonial house. 6 rooms; close 1
to station; new and well arranged.
$2750 — Elegant colonial cottage. 5 rooms and ;
bath; let 50x122; fine lawn and flowers: best •
location; very desirable; sacrifice fcr Imrnedi- ;
I ate sale; owner going East.
$2&» — Nearly new 2-ctcry house, 7 good
I rooms, bath. hall, pantry, etc.: lot 50x144; im- !
I proved street; southern exposure; close in.
$2000- — ij-rocm hou^e. bu'.it one year; lot «<>x ]
136; improved street; sunny exposure; $250 '
down. J25 per month.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
Open Sundays.
MODERN BERKELEY HOMES: NEW OR j
NEARLY SO: CONVENIENT TO
UNIVERSITY AND TRAINS.
$1K5O — Pretty 4-room ccttage; close in.
$2V00 — 0 rooms: colonial; attractive; close in. !
$-'>75o — 7 rooms; 1 omer lot; fine location; •
near Dwight way and Telegraph ave.
$4200 — 7 r*c:ns; elegant; choice location; east '
cf Dana nt.. near Dwight way.
$4500 — 9 rooms; real nice; east of Fulton St.. |
I north of Dwight way.
$,*win0 — 10 rooms; fine location; east of Shat- (
j tuck ave.. close In.
$5500 10 rooms; thoroughly well built; large {
!lot: best house i>!!>red for the price. ;
Desirable lots In all part? cf Eerkeley at ,
I prices: rar.glnsr frr.ra $-'WX> to $"<000. |
LYMAN ALLEN. 212U Center st.. Berkeley. ;
i 2C0 FEET of luislness property at North ;
Berkeley; a splendid opportunity; see u. ,
for particulars.
\V. J MORTIMER & CO..
2123 Center St., Berkeley.
jl«00 — A FINE northwest corner In the Berry j
Rar.gs Tract: tio feet wide; streetwork all ;
done; a snap.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
2123 Center st.
! $150 — A CORJCDR lot In the Twchy Tract. |
North Berkeley: 3 blocks frcm cars; size ;
I 50x105: grand view.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
2123 Center St.. Berkeley. ;
! CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
2115 Center St., Berkeley.
~ ;
; $600 — Here i» your chance: a fine lot, 40x134.
finely located; street work all done; the
price has been reduced from $C50, as the
owner needs the money.
We have a fine line of new houses, frnm '
j $29<X) _p; lot* from $150 up. Carnage always J
1 ready to show rrcrcrty.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
21ia Center St.. Berkeley. ;
I
; $900— 50x1 >T.: Hearst ave.. near Milvla; street
work dene; near nation.
$1400— 50xl4S:C; on Hillepass ave., near Derby.
$200<j — 5-r. house, soon finished: 3 Mocks of !
Dwight-way station. 1 block of car line; <
$750 (.ash, balance «rae as rent.
$5750 — Fine new house on Dwight way. above ;
Telegraph kve.
CHENEY & BERUY.
! P. O. Hlock. Ecrkeley.
iFOR sale — $12,000; hcuse of 11 large rooms:
about en acre; nice bam and j
orchard; cast of College ave. in j
Berkeley; convenient to university; I
will exchange for ranch in right lo- i
cality.
j For eale — $:Wrt; new 4-room cottage: hlch i
basement: brick, foundation: let 3T>x •
100; 1 block of car line; *400 cash,
; balance flat loan.
MORAN & SWAIN. 2U!1 Shattuck ave.,
.1 Opposite Berkeley Station.
MUCH OR LITTLE.
I have a lot 120x135. en east side of street;
i 2 minutes from North Berkeley station; a ?>- ¦
j room house; 30 fruit trees; shed 2i>x2O: street j
I work all done: elegant view; will sell as a j
whole or divide to suit; the price will suit.
Address Owner, P. O. bcx 1*2, Berkeley, Cal. (
j ~ ' i
, FOR rent — Two C-room cottages at North |
Berkeley: close to Etaticn and street cars; j
new. with latest improvements; r*nts mod- i
•¦rate. Apply to owner. R. R. RCTHEU- ;
FORD. 9-"S» Sixty-first St.. Adeline station, j
Berkeley line, or 1201 Battery st., S. F.
4. ACRES In the heart of Berkeley; 2 blocks
frcm Santa. Fe; 2 blocks from high school; 2 ¦
blocks from 2 electric car lines; price $0000 1
for a few days only. LITTLE & WOOL- j
SEY. 2110 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
$1550 — XEW 4-rooin cottage; modern; very
tunny: large lot; small Etable; good buy.
Large list new houses, residences and busi-
ness lots.
MURDOCK & CO., South Berkeley (Lcrin).
A BARGAIN if sold at once; new C-room j
house, modern: Etreet done; owner needs 1
each. P. O. bcx 114, South Eerkeley.
ON sunny side of Essex st.. one block from
Ashby station, between Adeline and Shattuck j
ave.; house of 6 rooms; price reduced $250 !
for ten days: by owner only. C. R. SHAW, !
1566 Eleventh ave.: tel. Brook 130. Make !
appointment by mall or telephone.
M. P. W. ALBEK. Real Estate and Insurance
— Houses and Icls for sale and houses for
rent. 2133 Center St.. Berkeley.
A. MURDOCK & CO.. South Berkeley station,
fcr bargains; we build, buy. sell or exchange.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
~ rRtilTVALE REAL ESTATE.
BNETSINGER & MATTESON,
1214 FRUITVALE AVE.. FRUITVALE, CAL.
I $1050 — f-room cottage; lot 80x110; good loca-
tion: near school and electric cars; $300
down.
I H£0 — l-room cottsge; lot 40x100; flowers, ber-
rks and tree*; 2 minutes' walk from sta-
ticn.
$2C0U— 5-room house; lot lOOxlSO; unfinished
pecond stt'ry for more rooms: windmill
and tank, chiclcen houses and yards, lawn,
fruit, flowers; fine residence location; near
s^hocl and electric cars; 100 feet mere if
desired; easiest terms.
$2200— New 4-room cottage: corner lot. 90x150;
cast front; good neighborhood; city wa-
ter, newer, macadamized street, etc.; near
school; easy terms.
$1750— 5-room cottage: lot 50x125; located on
electric car line; irt fine residence part of
toirn; name your own terms.
$500— Ccttage cf 2 rooms: lot 100x150; chicken
houses; near electric care; $500 can re-
main cm flat mortgage.
$2100^ — 6-rdom house; story and a half; built 1
year; 4 minutes' walk from station; 1
block from echool and electric cars; elec-
tricity, city water, sewer and other con-
veniences; $100 down and balance as rent.
tWETSINGER & MATTESON.
1214 FRUITVALE AVE.. FRUITVALE. CAL.
" SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DATS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK
The um-.inus of 5-cent fare. Haywardu cars;
streets graded and graveled: ctone sidewalk*:
depot on tract: lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
and balance *10 per month: 15 blocks to local
train* b»*t located property en San Leandro
\oed- graded school on tract. Apply to S. 8.
AUSTIN 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Or":land.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
atANBOA KKAI. K»T\TK.
I'ilTIVELY THE GREATEST LIST OP
BARGAINS EVER OFFERED.
i E5IARKABLE VALVES. ELEGANT
HOUSES AND LOTS.
• BEET CONTRACTS. EASY TERMS.
HE CHOICEST AND MOST MODERN-
HOMES FOR SALE VT THE ALA-
T.'EDA LAND COMPANY.
¦• ;; HOVTROL THE BKPT PROPOSITIONS. !
VTE OFFHP. PnOPHRTT AT THE
LOWEST PRICE?.
• ~ mvf.R THE FOLLOWTKO LIST. IF
roc doxt srn what you want
CALL OH WRITE US:
Ttt — Buys a 5-room cottage; larse lot; a
frrp.
¦ *•- n»!r» a 5-rooni ccttace: lot SSxlOO;
• '. value. \j
--•ifti—Ruys s. 5-recm cottage; lot 40x130;
cheap
t-jttv— Buy a 5-rocm cottage; good-sited '
'¦• t : very modern. I
£2(30 tJuj« a new 5-raoni cottage; latest j
IUl|<Wtl"»"", '
*_5f*v— Buys a Baa modern 5-room cottage; 1
'• .Wsit.9. sacrificed.
• Svw«— n^ys a beautiful colonial ccttage:
:-• 33:6x!2?; a bargain.
««~j%_ T?-iVF a <5-rr>r>TTi cottage; foreclosed: 1
let f^xlTO: must be aold.
S3VK» — Buys a 7-rocm home; large lot: very 1
Ce*U able.
JOX>— Buys an elegant new modem S-room :
bM*M r.eer tralrs ard schools.
(4SQ0 — See rreclal bargains In a lovely, j
r'-^rrndieus heme if 8 rooms and bath.
MTf-0 — A r^rfect dream; 8 rooms and bath.: |
tb» v»ry latest '.rrprovetnects.
$7Tno — One rf the finest and prettiest homes
¦- Attmeia; S rooms ar.d bath; special bar-
rs'n.
HOMES BUILT. RENTED AN*D EX-
CHANGED.
ALAiTEDA LAND COMPAN'T.
;5OO PARS ST.. ALAMrDA.
C"ME~ TO ALAMEDA.
THE PARADISE OF" CALIFORNIA.
THE FINEST SUBURBAN F-ESIDENXE j
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
U_U_a YOU ARRIVE IN ALAMEDA A
CALL O*f HAMMOND & HAMMOND, THE
1.EADINO AND RELIABLE REAL ESTATC
AGENTS. WHO WILL SUBMIT TO YOU A
LARGE LIST OF CHOICE BUYS IX IM-
PROVED AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTY
IN ALL PARTS OF ALAMEDA.
FCLLOWINC- ARE A FEW LEADERS FOR
TO-DAY.
A GOOD BUT.
$1TEO ¦rflj buy a well-built cottage of 6
r->cnu; choice location; scar schools and sta-
tion; cash, and installments; lock Into this.
GREATEST BARGAIN IN ALAMEDA.
$2300 wlil bur a small modern 5-room eot- j
trge. beautifully and artistically furnished ¦
complete; one of the prettiest flower paxdens |
ia Alameda: lot r5xlI0; cash and installment*; j
look this up and be convinced. ,
AN INVESTMENT. '
For $25-00 we wi'.l e e:i ycu an up-to-<iat» j
modern cotter*. * rooms and bath, overhead |
plumbing: hous- only 3 years old: lot 50x110; j
rtsh a.r.4 Installments: this Is a snap: investi-
gate.
A SACRIFICE.
$.3500 — A chance of a lifetime; a beautiful
mr^ern 7-rr>rm h^use. beautiful srr-junds. etc; :
s:t-_at'ei 1= the choicest location In Alameda.
A SNAP.
A teaxrttrnl modern house of S rooms; almost j
rew: corr.bir.aii'-n electric and gas; overheaJ >
plumbing: two bathrooms: choice location: let ',
5<'_12rt. Ttis beautiful home will be sacrificed ¦
for $4r»0Ct. This is one of the best buys in !
Alamt-Ia; cash and installments.
BUILDING LOTS A SPECIALTY.
SALESMAN AT OFFICE TO-DAY.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
Il?_ TAP.K ST.,
' '_ ALAMEDA. :
HOfFE of 5 rooms: modern; sr.ap; $lS00; |
mfv term«.
Hoosa of 4 rooms; modern; $1200; near sta- :
tier..
Fire 2-ttrry house. 6 rr^rr.s: nearly new;
lam lot: cb^ap.
House cf 0 room*; 25xl27;t; Park ave.; !
$;<.«.
GEORGE L. LKWIS.
1CH PARK ST.
•THE r»al estate ar.d inturar.ee business of W. j
K Corfr & Co-> wiM be continued under the
Batne of the W. K. CONGER COMPANY.
" • • 1 •' 1 1
NKV, complete cottage. 5 rooms. oj>en for in-
f=r*ct:on th!s we*k and until sold. 1C2<J Fair
'"•aks «v«>.. Encirsl Park Station. Alameda.
ALA31EDA HOUSES. |
F«"'R rent — Larp» furr.ished house: owner to j
occupy 2 or 3 nss.; $30. P.O.box 72,Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'XTS !
CritKELEY REAL ESTATE.
DO YOU WANT AN INVESTMENT?
,One ef the handsomest blocks In Alameda
¦"our.ty; stores below and flats above; in the
heart cf town; always rented; paying & good j
:r.terc_t- Price. $05,000. I
Also brick b!ock; a fine NE. comer; always
rented; a. thcrcughly good purchase.
Price, $30, COO.
A buiir.es? lot. 50x11?, adjoining stores, with
e-roca collage. Only $400o.
A bcari:ng-bo_€e cf 29 rocms, near U. C;
let TSxlSS; leased Icr $1C5 monthly.
Price, $13,500.
A well-appointed house: 9 rooms; new; $S350.
A f.n« new house of 7 rooms; large comer
".¦•. ; rtreet work done; near Key Route.
' Price, $1000.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
REAL ESTATE.
SE. Ccr. Shattuck ave. and Center Et,
jC.VO_TVOnTH $10,000; *»-w loaned $5000
en t&Sa property; 6 large rooms; good as new;
street w-crk all done; cement walks; fruit trees
:r. !ul! bearing; large barn; lot 125x140; pret-
t:e?t rarden In Berkeley.
$31i"» — New 7-roorn hcuse. frescoed walls.
!:ne tsar tel; rtreet work all done: near both
iratns; $500 cash, balance $25 per month; lesa
ihan rent.
$2300 — Nrarly new 4-rocra. cottage, all fur-
•;;*;. c-d. ir.'!uc;r4r new piano, carpets, curtains.
teds, bedding, pictures and dishes; lot 50x135;
fruit trees tnd beautiful flcwer garden; one-
half Mock to train; owner East.
$21(iO— New 5-rocm cottage, porcelain tub.
ftn<" mantel, stationary tubs; large lot; $200
cash, balance $20 per month.
*14W»— &-room cottage; lot 50x150; street
¦» ¦ rk all don*; well End pump: chicken house
ari yurii: 1?£ blocks to cars; $*00 cash, bal-
aacc 112 pe r month.
$7!*' — *-roorn cottage; 2 blocks to cars; lot
«".'.:;2:iJ fett.
J2W will bur a fine lot, all eewered.
J525OO — htcre and 2 flats: Cne corner.
W. C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
v'.'AJ-' — S-room cotUiRe; bath, pantry, mantel.
!>>!din^ ii-io'.t: large closets; gas and elec- I
trie ii^htF: city water; open plumbing; large
in*, "'ixiflo; stable: chicken fccusc; frUit
¦.r'*e; .;ll fenced and cross fenced; cJ.jse to
batli ferry lln>-f: price $23oO; terms $^00
>«>h: bal^nr* *2<> monthly.
". A. KULOLPH. Lorla Button. South
'^rkfl^v.
<t;u:ri Sundays.
pantrj-, patent closet; bargain; 4-room
r-*y-wint:«>w ccttage: high basement; brick
f ¦.-ur.iiatlon: wash traye; city water; street
« <;rk .:i.; !rt &>xVJ?,; fruit tree*; flower
? Ki'j'n: chicken fcots*. etc.: price $2000;
t»mjf $:a^» cieh haianc* $1JJ monthly. O. A
ttUDOLPH. Lcrin fetation, South Berkeley.
' ¦;" n Sundays.
blXMf paj-tng rent: <-room c<ntage; lot 35x100;
>tr*--t work dune; price $1200; term» $li»
'irs-h. »:»;ant-e (it monthly. O. A. ItU-
iwiLf'M. l»rin Station. South Eerkeley.
Open Sundays.
.•r.KKt— HANDhOME 3-room cottage in North
i**rkeley: nigh basenjent: concrete founda-
tion: rooms plastered: Ktreet finished; lot 40x
136: It..:. .:¦ to train and cars; splendid view.
'^_C. EMSLIE. Azhbr Sta.. phone Stuart 709.
FOB £ALE—
Il'JUte. Ti roctns; eU-rtric cars at door, local 2
ll'-k?; $2:a*»; ea*y terms.
.'.-r.t>m house; $1150; furnished.
10 arrei" tn htart of lierkeley.
.'. K HALE i CO.. 1511 Khattuck ave..
______ North Berkeley.
FRAXCZ8 FHRRIER. Real Estate. Insurance—
!>«.iraWe 1 .•rri»crt!en too numerous to mention
•jr, ever}- Ktrtet in lierkeley, at lowest prices;
or will fut-n-'sh funds inj build u home for
: ou on monthly payments leisss than rent.
List your jjroperttes with u«.
•-•'.I av— Opp. BERKELEY Station.
A SPECIAL bargain— A fine 7-room ccttage.
;-rg-! lot; all meet work done: k«k1 location.
<«>->¦ terms- price $2T50. P. C LASSEN. 400
It&th *t.. Oakland.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY. MARC£ 13, 1904.
44
I.ODBIXB HOUSKS FOR SA1.~ Cnn.
A. CAMERON _ CO. Phone South 1050.
' 3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell. '
Headquarters for rooming-houses, and
1 V ¦ all kinds of business chances.
. •¦»,'¦'• — — — ¦ #
12S rooms: cheap r«nt; long lease: flrst-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $5C0 to $800 per month; must
sell on account other business; only with us.
9-room, new, modern flat: •* months; elegant-
ly furnished, cost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness.
50 rooms: elegantly furnished: flne location:
clOFe In; new and modern throughout; full and
clearing $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
On it asked; chance of a lifetime.
00 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
anil furniture: high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern: flrst-class grill In
connection: best proposition in city; called
Katt.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
Cood lease.
— — — **- -^
' 17 rooms: rent only $70; oak furniture, ax-
minster carpets; flne location; clears $S0; flne j
buj\ >
8 rooms; flne upper flat; rent only $30; can
bo had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$150.
CS rooms: oak fur., velvet carpets: close In;
can be run as boarding-house If desired; $1800.
162 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house In San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; flne entrance; cheap rent: clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
JfiOO down, balance 1^4 per cent: flne buy; only
J1250.
25 rooms; rent only *60: north Market: all
full: clear* $100 per month: price ?1SOO; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
100 rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
family hotel In city; all full an clearing $100
to $000 per month; books open for Inspection:
obliged to leave city.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350. '
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
«well family hotel: beautiful furnishings: clear-
Ing $600 per month; every room full; will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
1J) rooms: rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent: close In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
St! rooms; corner; rent only $500; best down- !
town house In city; electric elevator: well fur-
nished: Ruaranteed to clear $400 to $500 per
month: books open for inspection; everything
in flrst-class shape; on account other business.
30 rooms; rent only $150: oak and cherTy
fur.; flne carpets; close In; flne money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building: clear-
Ing ?400 to $000 per month; obliged to leave
city.
11 rooms; rent $40; close In: oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $100 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
46 rooms; rent only $C5; well located hotel
south of Market: flne bar. well stocked: brick
building: electric lights: everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500:
will exchange this with good real estate for
lar~e downtown house.
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms: flne downtown corner, house; pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances:
takes in $30 to ?40 per day transient, ' besides
regular roomers: will bear investigation.
21 rooms; corner: rent only $SJ>: oak fur.;
jrood carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expensjs; 4 rooms landlady;
price ?1COO.
50 rooms; new; modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent: clearlnar $250 to $300;
very, central; flrst-class proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern bulldlner; In
one of the best cities In Southern California:
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up to date; O-vear-lease: rent only $200: clear-
Ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms; well furnished; flrst-class tran-
sient house: 2 blocks off Market; 5- year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
35 rooms;'rent only $150; close In: thorough- j
ly renovated, put In first-class condition; can j
be run transient If desired: clears now $185
per month; part cash, balance time; good
money-maker.
31 rooms: rent $110; all light rooms: clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.: regular snap; only $800
to get In; must leave city at once; price $1300.
10S rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished: up-to-date apartment-house; has
flne bar; can be run In conjunction If dsslred;
rare chance, for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of house; other business
interests demand immediate departure.
12C rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month: one of the best buys In the city.
C. E. HINKLEY, Phone Mine 796.
10'J0 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH.
FORMER PATRONS my best reference*.
f> rooms. I-envenworth st. : snap SHOO
12 rooms. Sutter St.; offer wanted S.'OO
6 rioims: rent $25: a gift at $20O 1
37 rooms; sunny corner: rent $55 $1('00 ]
10 rooms, north of Market st. ; rent §40. $40O j
23 rooms, one floor: rent $35 $1100 1
.14 rooms; rent $60: profitable $1550
ST» rooms: sunny corner; lease $6000
110 rooms; modern apartment; exchange city
property.
46 rooms; swell apartments; clears $200; 1
offer wanted. I
US rooms: apartment house: low rent.. $5500
Call for our list. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
CENTRALLY located corner house: 54 rooms;
nicely furnished: rent S22S: long lease; must
be sold. WILSON. 409 Taylor st.
32 ROOMS north Market: fronts 3 streets: all
light rooms: sale at bargain; clears $100. I
Apply own*r. 125 Fifth st. »
IS ROOMS; rent $70; long lease; furnished new; I
clears $60. Call at S56 Ellis st. I
FOR sale — Lodging-house. 20 rooms; on Mar-
ket St.: clearing. over $135 per month. Box
4riS3. Call office.
A— 14 ROOMS: snap: all full. Call 212 Fifth
st., between 1 and 3 p. m. v
LODGING-HOUSE. 30 rooms; rent $125; will
sell reasonable. Box 4597. Call office.
HOUSE of 30 rooms; rent $50; price $C00. Call
111G Mission st.
MINNA. 322 — Lodging-house for sale cheap.
$575 — 4UA TURK: 11 rooms; full;"rent $45;
water free; owner going to country.
— — ( __________ _ _
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium: readings dally, $1: de-
veloping class Thursday, 8 p. m.'5O2 Eddy st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance Sunday,
1 o'clock. $1. 10S4 Bush; phono Larkin 4133.
MRS. LESTER. 063 Mission; life reader, busi.
ness medium; read, daily; cir. to-night, 10c.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
MME. LUCRETIA, spirit medium; hours 10 to
5; circles every evening. 118 €th St., room 1. j
ELISE BRAUN. renowned psychic. My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. SStf Bush.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
A MATERIALIZING seance, Sunday, 2 and S
p. m . 323 Ellis st.; 50c.
££C1^AJI IVOYANT S.-; "~
SlME. M. BERnXrd" THE FAMOUS""
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.;
she reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past. . reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future; if you are In trouble, discontented, or
not satisfied with life, or have domestic, love 1
or business troubles, consult this great medium
and you will be told how to overcome them;
valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c up;
tat is faction guaranteed; readings by mall Tel
Black 4560..
JUST ARRIVED - ¦ DAGMAR
The Egyptian palmist, . clairvoyant and card
reader; consult en all affairs of life; if i n
doubt, trouble or adversity, she will help
you. 100 McAllister st., room 8. . v
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted, clair. & palm :
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
.trouble, bus. and financial 'success: names -
L.. 50c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave!
A— Miss M. Wllle, 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a que^-
tlon; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
A— MME. . RAVENNA. ', business and test me^
dlum: names given; readings. -_Sc up Of-
fices KT5 Howard,, bet. 4th and 5th., formerly
of 5 Fourth -t. ,
MME. MARSEAU. card reader: ladies "5c"
gents 50c. 120 Sixth st., room )'
¦^EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel^B^sbTIsi—
Japanese-Chinese 'employment office; fur-
nishes be&t help: contracts for farm help, eta.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japane**.
Chinese relp. 420 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau.
SO* Kearny st.. room 2: phone Black 4433.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon tie-jng*a, 411">3 O'Farrell; tel. East 423.
FP.ITZ'S Kmp. Office; Japnn*se • and Chines*
help. 415 S-ockton. Tel. Grant lt».
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 313 Stockton: Main 51-vS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 2O years.
Tel Main 1307. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT \V A ,\ TE D— F C M A L E.
(THIS office opens at 8:30 a. m. a:ul closes at
5:30 p. m.) — A capable, strong woman with
one child wants a place in country to cock
and do general boUitework. Send particular*
care MISS PLUNKfcTrS EMPLOYMENT
BUREAU. 425 Sutter St., near Puwell; tele-
phone Main 5472.
(THIS office opens at 8:30 a. m. and closes 5:30
p. m.) — Two young, strong, capable second
girls with good c: ty relerences want work al
925 a month, in town or country; have cooit
city references. Call, telephone (Main 547:i>
or write to MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter at.,
near i'cwell. ' »>¦
I A GERMAN woman wishes work by tile day.
Tel.. Mat). NORTON. 813 Satter at.
AN educated New Ensrland woman. 33 year»
of c«ce. exDerlenct-d in position* —q_ rtai
buslr.ess and executive ability, desirea em-
ployment us fcousekeepcr or manager ia
hot>;i, apartment house or Institution; refer-
ences. Box 2S. 1WS Market st.
DRESSMAKER and sultmaker. street •uita,
evening gowns; *ood cutter and fitter; only
first- clasa work lione: lew more engage-
ments per day. E. C. B.__3. Shern _a
House. 23 Kighth at.
! STRONG, willing American woman want*
I work by day. $1 50 and carfare, washing and
house cleaning not done same day; carpet
cleaning and laundry work. 737 b Howard
St.. second flight, room 12.
1
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by
tha Jay or at home; $2 and lunch; sMrt-
walsls. suits and summer dresses, -iii Pe_l
St., bet. Valencia. Market and Thirteenth.
2 F1NLANDEK girls wish positions; on« *«
cook, other as general housework; b«t of
references. Addresa 13 Hampton terrace.- oX
Washington St.. bet. Powell and Stockton.
1 AN experienced nurse, wishes engagements,
surgical or confinement: reasonable; refer-
ence; careful; economical. Call or addresa
MRS. Ml— tRITT. 127 Seventh st.
WANTED— Middle-aged lady wishes position
as traveling agent: Al. for th» worlt and ao-
quainted with all Inland towns; salary only.
Call or addresa 223 Mason St.. room 2.
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse, wishes «ngag«-
menta: best references; *„ a. week. Call or
address MRS. WILSON. 474** Tehama. «..
near Sixth; no postals.
PROFESSIONAL French cools by day: entire
charge of dinners and receptions; anywhe— ;
also marketing and cooking lessens given.
567 Bryant st.
COMPETENT nurse, wishes engagements: con-
finement; invalids; cheerful; painstaking;
references; moderate, terms. MRS. KING.
1)17 Geary st.
DRESSMAKER — Experienced; good cutter,
fitter and designer, would take a few mor*
t-ngagements by the day; terms reasonable.
Box 4614. Call office.
V," ANTED — By thoroughly experienced sick
nurse, engagement with invalid or convales-
cent patient; b^st references. Address box
4371. Call office.
AMERICAN woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or cooking; neat and relia-
ble; city or country. Address Housekeeper,
20(1 Eddy st.
CAPABLE woman (middle-aged) desires posi-
tion as housekeeper in country; a good home
in a good neighborhood desirable. B— 45tH,
Call ,
A MIDDLE-AGED widow with no lncuta -
branoes would like a position as companion
to an elderly lady or couple. Addresa box
45S1. Call^
A LADY would like four hours' chamberwork
in rooming-house or hotel. Addresa MR9.
HARRISON. M _J^ ln J__d_st. <
£~VDY employed forenoons would like teach-
ing, sewing or any light work for afternoons;
flrst-class references. Box 45fc>. Call.
WANTED — Dy Eastern trained nurse, engage-
ments; terms reasonable; references. Ad-
dresa Trained Nurse, box 437S. Call.
A FRENCH girl desires position as chamDer-
mald or governess In a good family. Call
1C57 Powell s^
RELIABLE woman wants position, housework
and washing, from 8 a. m. to i$ p. m. ; $3 50
week. 1 Wendin lane. Mason St., nr. Union.
POSITION as managing housekeeper by a
thorough, competent lady; reference. Box
4S17. Call office.
RELIABLE woman, with girl <4 years) to sup-
port wishes work with her child; $10 to $12;
city* or country. Box 2307. Call office.
A LADY would like work at home on chlld-
drtn's and Infant's clothing; all kinds of nic»
hand work a specialty. II. E. C. h53 Hyda.
A RELIABLE girl for general housework;
wages $30 per month. Please call Monday,
2911 16th. St., from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
DRESSMAKER wants few more engagements
on ladies' and children's dresses. Address
Dressmaker. Call Branch. 30O Hayes st.
SITUATION wanted as nurse, or liousekeepar:
competent In both; city or country. Address
828 Turk at.
A YOUNG woman as working housekeeper In
family with a child 3 years old. Pleaso call
at 1348 Utah, st.
YOUNG woman wants Dositton to do cooking
and light housework; short distance In coua -
try; moderate wages. Q.. 615 Larkln at.
A GOOD laundress wants permanent pla.c*
for Mondays and Wednesdays; $1 60 and
carfare. Phone R«d 404.
A GOOD woman wants house and window
cleaning; $1 SO day; does small — _a. 131SA.
¦ Howard st.
YOUNG lady wishes to do copying or address-
ing envelopes. Address MISS H. E-. 1032
Sanchez st.
YOUNG lady wishes to coach children or adults
In primary or grammar studies. Address
MISS A. I.. 1082 Sanchez st.
WOMAN wants cooking and housework la
small family. Address box 1073, Call office,
Oakland.
SITUATION as cook by competent middle-aged
New England woman. Addresa Cook. 331
O'Farrell st.
POSITION wanted by two cood Swedish girls;
one as cook, wans $35; one second girl. $2tX
Call Monday and Tuesday. 835 Fulton st.
A FIRST-CLASS all-around boardliur or hotel
cook, city or country. Call Monday, and
Tuesday. 6-14 Minna, st.
GIRL wishes work, city or country: cooking
and general housework; wages $25. Box 4572.
Call office.
YOUNG woman wants worts by tho day; wash-
Ing, ironing and housecleanlng. 27 Lafay-
ette. In rear.
YOUNG lady stenographer, with knowledge of
cooking: can furnish good reference. Box
4363. Call office.
POSITION wanted by trained nurse In doctor's
office; best of credentials; 10 years' experi-
ence. Box 4372. Call.
A COMPETENT woman wants work by the
day: $1 5O: good worker. 37 Rltch st.
AMERICAN woman. wishes any kind o£ work
by day: references. 23 hi Sixth st.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper. 110
Sixth st., room 17.
A LADY would like a position to read to an
invalid. 104 Eighth st.
SWEDISH woman want3 work cleaning and
washing; $1 50 per day. -02 Ninth st.
YOUNG lady with experience as bookkeeper
wishes position In office. Box 4&4O, Call.
A YOUNG woman with baby wants work '.n
small family; small wages. t»7O Harrison st.
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phono Fell 1041.
HOUSEKEEPER where then* are children OS
to came Invalid. 3233 Seventeenth st.
WANTED — Positions as caretakers or house-
keepers, city or country, by two sisters: com-
petent anil experienced: best ot references.
Call U*7 Van Ness ave.
COMPETENT, neat, young German girl wishes
position general housework; good cook. Id
San Uruno ave.. near Nineteenth st.
EASTERN saleslady, experienced \n suits,
cloaks and furs, would like position; best of
letters and references. Cox i«lU. Call olflce.
COMPETENT steady woman will do house-
work. Is good cook and good breadmaker;
will Co sunie wash. Call 1 12 Tehama st-.off 2d.
A GERMAN girl wishes to assist in bouse-
work and cooking. Call 777 Cole >t.
SITUATION wanted for orphan girl of 14 to
assist In w.'rk In exchansj for good buzne.
Bux Io55, Call office.
I BOHIIAT MCTOBZ'^oiitlantt. w
¦ MRS. ELIZABETH DEURESS. from the Los
• j Angeles School of Metaphysics, will hold the
last of a srrits of.optn question meetings on
Sunday evening in the East Parlor, Gold«n
!• Gate Hall, at S o'clock. -Ail interested an;
invited.
• O. N. ORLOW — JL<ecture this (Sunday) evening
lu Golden Gate (main) Hall. 025 Sutter et..
At 8 o'clock, with the subject presenting
"Tcmpermental Diet."
. Excellent musical numbers. Admission free.
' I PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists to-r.!ght. Odd Fel-
1 lows' building. 7th and Market. MRS. R. S.
,' LILLIE, speaker.
' DP.. J. L. YORK will lecture. Odd Fellows'
trending, to-night at S. Subject, "Our Re-
, llglcnf'
; MEETING NOTICES. .-
• OFFICERS and members of Golden wp**
City Lodge No. ta, K. of P. — You \£&&f*
are hereby notified to attend the
tuneraJ o£ our late brother, W1L- iH?|35'
; LIAM H. KIDD, which will take « t -"^ > «
plate under the auspices of this lodge at 1
: i>. m. SUNDAY, March 13, 1004, from Pyth-
ian Castle, 9tw Market st. By order of
THO.S. H. ELKIXGTON. C. C
ED. M. CUFFEY. K. of R. and S.
. THE officers and members _ji»
of Golden Gate Camu No. "~1_
quested to . attend th.> r»?~^^^5^^piW
funeral services of our _v)^_£tfS(£&up**'
late .neirMxrt. F. P. CUR- '¦¦B"™"
RIE. SUNDAY. March 13, at 1 p. m. Services
will 6e held at Odd Fellows' Hall. Seventh
and Market sts.
W. D. FERGUSON. Consul Commander.
JOHN T. O'PONXELL. Clerk.
• GOLDEN GATE Harbor, No. .
4L», A. A. M. A P. of Steam "^b--^....
\ c.^-ls. Regular mraliih' B/^^wCfcj^
I to-day (Sunday) at 2 p. m.. lR_^85*'*'^
In new auarters, 44 East (>W~^^
j st. All members please at- *
tend. p. N. STOFEN. Captain.
! J. T. JONES, Cast's. Clerk. ' •
i DINNA forget— The thirty-eighth N vr>
annual gathering and games of the "A }%\iy
Caledonian Club will be held at \V\_%c
Sheil Mound Park, Berkeley, on
MONDAY. May 3O. Splendid programme of
sports and dances.
j SOCIETE Francaise de lilenfaisance Mutuelle
(French Mutual Benevolent Society) — The
preliminary annual inretlng will b» held
SUNDAY, March 13. 1001, at 1:30 o'clock
p. m. at Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason st.
N. B.— Only members provided with their
oook in good standing will be allowed to of-
fer nny proposition or take part in votes of
jphato. V. GARDET. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by haudraullc
process trom F. M. Conn and S. G. Simpson
in Emigrant Hlli placer raining claim near
Qulncy, Plumas County. Cal.. draining into
Spanish Creek, which reaches Feather River
gives notice that meeting will b« held at
room iw Flood building. San Francisco Cal
March 28. 1004, at 1:30 p. m. ."'
ANNUAL McetinK — Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company — The regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the HUTCHINSON SUG\R
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the office of the company. No. 327 Market
street (room 4. second floor). In the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Call-
; fornia. on TUESDAY, the 22d day of March.
A. D.. 1904. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m
for the purpose of electing a Board of Di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year, and
for the transaction of such other buslnesu
as may properly come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY.
March 11, 1004. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS,
Secretary Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Com-
pany. 327 Market street. San Francisco.
California.
! Sao Francisco. Crfl.. March S. 1904.
j _^ ADOPTION.
WANTED— For adoption, a healthy girl baby.
MRS. DR. EMILIE FUNKE. 1416 Eighth
at.. Alameda.
! ' ¦
j ACEXTS WAXTED.
, WANTED — Agents by large transportation ,
; company to place Issue of stock for the pur-
: pose of increasing its present equipment; this
move made necessary in order to handle enor-
mous volume new freight and passenger busi-
ness; the stock of this company pays the
largest annual dividend of any transportation
shares In the U. S. : exceptional offer made
representative and responsible concerns or in- j
dividuals everywhere to act as fiscal agents j
for sale of stock. Address Tabasco Transpor-
; tat Ion Co.. Title and Trust bldg.. Chicago.
I AGENTS wanted; either "sex; no canvassing;
j no soliciting; no time from your regular oc-
cupation: no one will know you are my rep- '
r«"5entative; no- capital, outfit or experience j
I needed; easy, parmanent, honorable and I
j profitable work that can be done at home. ]
_ Ad. J. W. KIDD. key 5025. Fort Wayne. Ind. '
j WANTED— Agents to sell splendid article to j
housektepers; all want It; one agent made j
$1W in ten days In October; only reliable, in- |
I dustriouB agents need apply; new article; i
ready seller: big commissions. Address JU- I
B1LEE IROX CO., Omaha. Xebr., 1503. i
; AGENTS even-where to sell our watches; a [
*1O sample free and liberal commission; if
, you want profitable employment for spare
moments send for sample and terms. Union
Watch Co.. Dept. 01. Chicago, 111.
• BEGIN business for yourself: stop working for ;
others; we start you in profitable mall order
I business at your home; immense profits; full
j information for stamp. FRANKLIN-HOW-
ARD CO.. Denver, Colo.
I SALARY and. commission paid to real estate
solicitors of unquestioned ability; the grtat-
est agents' momy-making proposition upon
the Pacific Coast. Call or address room 14.
fifth floor. Mills bldg.
j AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on buildlns and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
j SEND for free book, "Suggestions to Specula-
tors," debrlblng option trading in wheat;
$20 margins 1<«K) bushels 2 cents. Osborn
Grain Co.. MinneaDolis, Minn.
MEN end women to represent us in each
county. Particulars, address Reliance Com-
mercial Co., P. O. t>os 5^1, Oakland, Cal.
i :
; "OUR Presidents' " portraits and biographies;
j handsome book; sample 10c; $:'. per 100 Lin-
coln Pub. Co.. 123 tith st.. Cincinnati. Ohio.
MEN and women for city and country agents •
weekly salary, expense* or commls.: steady
employment. 122S McAllister St.. 9-11 a. m.
! WANTED — General agent; Industrial Invest-
ment; exceptional opening for capable man;
liberal compensation. Address box 4552. Call.
WANTED — Industrial or accident insurance
agents to solicit, for new and permanent l.uri-
ness: will bear Investigation. Box 4<JC3, Call.
AGENCIES for every city or the Union for the
Marquis Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms. 414
Post, ft., San Francisco, Cal.
RELIABLE agents, gentlemen or ladles, to sell
J mlninR stock: soon to pay dividends. 222
j Parrott building, fifth floor.
AGENTS — Big money; new article; unexcelled;
sells to stores everywhere. Introstlle Nov-
elty Co.. Marietta. Ohio.
AGENTS In each county to sell "Family Me-
morials"; pood profit. CAMPBELL & CO.
191 A St.. Elgin. III.
WANTED — Flrst-class life insurance solicitor;
salary $100 per month and commission'.
492 Parrott bldg.
j OUR $20 soda fountain for email stores, plc-
! nics. fairs, etc.; agents wanted. J. B. FOX
& CO., Chicasro. -- "*.'.-
AGENTS — Good paying proposition; liberal
commission: ladies or zcntlemen; 227 Starr
King buildlnc.
AGENTS to sell Improved cooking mat. WM
J. SNYDER & CO., 349 Bridge st., Cleve-
land. Ohio.
WOMAN to handle "specific;" none but respon-
sible dereon; Mb. inducements. Box 4858, Call.
' ONE flrst-class book airent. man or woman, for
special line. Box 4652. Call. . -v •.-
¦ HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three (40 scholarships In the best
College of Advertising in the United States.
' I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash: the college teaches advertisement writ-
Ing by correspondence and assists its grad-
uates to cecure positions: catalogues fur-
nlshed en application. Address box 302ft. Call.
ASTROLOGV. ~
ASTOR. famous New York astrologer a man
of ability. 097 Market St.. corner Sixth.
~ ATTOR.\EYS-AT-LAAV.
I i A PRIVATE, quick divorce/for a email fet
! See n-.e and save money;'no pay in advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
' Established 22 yrs.; nr.s. 1. 2, 3. 4 & 5, 1st fl.
' 1122 Market St., between Mason and Taylor.
' Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
Oth floor, entrance room till; established 20
'. ¦ yeans; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation*
J "evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
' DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 027 Market St., rm. SOL
' "L. R. CLARK. 027 Market sL: consultation
1 free: no fees in advance; open evenings.
' BICYCLES— For Sale or Uxcnanse.
. INDIAN motor bicycle, California motor tan-
dcuy bargain.. JOS HOLLE. 20th & Folsom.
CHURCH SERVICES.^
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church corner
Twenty-first and Capp ets.— Francis M. Lnr-
k!n, Ph. D., pastor; residence SUM Iwenty-
nrat st. Services. 11 a. m. and 4 :•»<-' P- W-
Sunday school, 12:45 p. m.. J. H» , I cjcW.
euperintendent. Morning subject. A r&i-
able of Judgment." Evening subject. A.
City orticlai. " Sjwclal music at night by
chom choir under Itobert -Husband. Mrs.
St-erman soprano.
SIMPSON Memorial M. E. Church, corner
Hayes and Buchanan *ts. — Rev. John Stepa-
«ts the pa&Lor. will preach at 11 a. m._ on
••Tlie Lean In the Kinj;jom." and at < :->o
p m on "Bettor Than the Golden Touch.
Chorus choir, I. U. Wake director. Sunday
school at 12:20 p. m., C. B. Perkins super-
intendent. Epworth League at 0:30 P- ~-
Dr. R. O. Moody president.
CALIFORNIA Street Methodist Church, corner
Broderlck and California st*.. pastor. Clar-
ence TieeA — 11 a. m. service and sermon by
the pastor: 7:30 p. m.. papular concert l>5'
Kobson's Srmphony Orchestra, Programme:
Overture, "Barber of *?evil!e" (Hoss-inO;
barytone foIo, '"The Palms" (Faure). W. i.
Smith, with orches-tra; selection. "Longing
for Home" (Zungmann); cornet soln, "tor
All Eternity*' <Maschoroni). Dr. M. W. Cal-
Jfnder. with orchestra; organ oflertory, "Lo^t
Churd" (Sulllrmn) J. H. Hallowell; receB-
tior.a] "Marche Pontificate" <CJounod). The
pastor" * topic will be "The Gcspel uf Hap-
piness." Every cne invited.
CENTRAL M. E. CHURCH— Mission St., be-
tween Sixth ani Seventh. The paster Dr.
G^orre W. White, will preach at both
services. Sunday fcIiooI at 12:45. Rolla \.
* Watt, euperlnteniient. Young people's meet-
ing ot «i:13. Sacred concert from • :'>U to b
ill evening service. Scats fre-\ Everybody
welcome.
FIR^T Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Itev. George C. Adams, D.D..
r>aMr.r. ¦n-ill preach at 11 a. in.; topic. "Un-
interesting People." At 7:4.'» p. m., sermon
by R*v. U. Campbell Morgan. D.D. All are
cordially invlteU.
THIRD Ointrrgational Church. Fifteenth St..
rn-ar Mission— Rev. William Radt-r. pastor,
will preach at »>:>th services; 11 a. m.. ¦¦Self-
control"; 7:.'!0 p. m.. "Free Speech— Us
Meaning. Dancers and Function." Popular
I«oj!le'fs service.
UNITARIAN Church 'First). S.W". cor. Geary
anrt Franklin fir.— Rev. Bradford Leavitt.
minit-Ur. Rev. Mr. I>eavltt and Rev. C.
Rues*, hut's, of Sunday school. The Juniur
rhun-h and Sunday school are at 10 o'clock.
Sunday service i* at 11 o'clock. R*v. Mr.
L'avitt will preach: subject. "Rewards.'
Uualc by quartet under direction of H.
nr*therick. organist. All are cordially ln-
rfted.*
UNITARIAN Oiurch (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp t-ts. (take Mission or Valencia
ft. car)— Rev. Jay William B*ad*3O. min-
ister: reMtience, 500 Caj>p st. The Sunday
srh<v>i meets pt t»:45 o'clock, Mr. W. <!.
Maxwell superintendent. At the mornim;
•ervioe, Et 11 o'clock. Rev. Jay William
Hui!?on will preach, subject. "Superstition.
Popular ar.d I'npopular." Music by or-
rbectrm and choir, under the direction of
Mr. Jabish Clement. All the seats are free.
No evenine service.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave.
an.l Sacramento St.— Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie. pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and
7:.'M> p. m. Evening subject. "The Doctrine
of the Judgment." The pastor will preach at
both s*rvir«F. tiar-bath-KOhnol at 12:30 p. m.
«'hrlRtian Knd.Mivor at 5:15 p. m. and 0:15
p. ra. All are cordially invited.
CALVARY I'r.-sbyterian Church, cor. Jackscn
and Ki'.lmcre sts.— Rev. John Hemphlll. D.
D.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock:
•¦veninp service at 7 :3O o'clock. Rev. John
S Macintosh. D. D.. \vill preach at both eer-
vtees. Sabbath school at »:30 a. m.. or-
chestral music. Christian Endeavor meeting
at «>:15 j«. m Prayer meeting. Wednesday
evening at S o'clock. All are cordially in-
vited.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
' of Webster and Paze 6ts. — Sermon at 11
a. m. by Professor Hugh Gilchrist: theme.
"A Favorite of Hr-aven"; and In the even-
Ire by Rev. Herbert *_ Hayes; theme. "Just
Over to God." the fourt'.i in series on "Klve
Hrawns for Heine a Christian." Sunday
srhool at 3:45 «. m.; Christian Endeavor at
0:45: prayer meeting Wednesday evening.
TRINITY CHURCH. Hush and Gouch st*. —
Rev. Fr*-derick W. Clamr^tt. D.D.. rector;
liolv communion. 7:30 a. m. : Sunday school.
•.'•::{» a. m.: mornlns service. 11 o'clock:
?vnilnp «-rvice. S o'clock. The rector will
l-reav-h at Ttioth eervtee*. You are all invited.
FIRST Baptist Church. Eddy st.. near Jones —
Sermon at 11 a. m. by Rev. A. W. Rider.
Kible school. 12*39 p. m. Christian Endeavor,
«!:.">u p. m. Sermon, 7:30 p. m.. by Rev.
Thomas Ualiiwin. Midweek prayer service,
VTetdaeaday. 7:45 n.m. All welcome; seats free
FTRST <-r-un-li of Christ. Scientist. Central
bW-k, 223 tatter Ft., between Kearny and
Orant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m.; subject of lesscn-sermon, "Matter."
Sunday pch<jol fur children at the same hour;
Wednesday evening meeting at S o'clock.
I'ret^radlnK-rooic. 2"G Kearny St., rooms
fluft-Mft; all are welcome.
A 'JRANP union DOB meeting to-day at 3
©VIook In the Younc Men's Oirlstlan Asso-
tUtion Auditorium, Mason ami Ellis sts., ad-
dressed by Commander C B. T. Moore of
the United States navy. Special songs by
Mrs. L. Snider-Johnson; orchestral music by
Rchson Orchestra. All seats free and men
invited.
A fcKKIK.S of union revival meetinsrs will be
conducted by Rev. G. <"Sunpbell Morgan, suc-
cessor to the late Dwight L. Moody, at the
Pint Congregational Church. Post and Ma-
son Bts.. every nieht this week except Satur-
day. The public invited. These are union
n.eetinps of all the city churches. Rev. G.
Campbell Morean Is one of the greatest
preachers oi our tiroes. .¦ ¦¦ . • •
BKVIVAL services will be conducted In the
Jerry McAulry Mission Hall, S24 Howard St..
h»lwMn Fourth end Fifth, by Rev. Benjamin
Wheeler Ward of Boctoa (now the regular
suiicrintendent), at 7:45 o'clock. Mr. Ward
will preach every ev«>nir;g during the week
at the same hour; g«>od singing, led by Mr.
ar.fl Mrs. Ward. A hearty welcome to all.
Come.
THTC Theosophital Society — Col. H. S. Olcott.
president-founder. Headquarters, Academy
of Sciences building. Public lecture at 8
p. m. by Mr. Thomac Prime; subject, "Life
In the Unseen World." Lotus Group. 11
a. m. Study class. Thursday. 2:30 p. m.
THE Theosophica! Society. Golden Gate Lodge
— Frt-o public lectures every Sunday, 8 p. m..
Odd Fellows' building. Subject to-nifcht.
"The Ways of Providence," by Dr. Edith
I.amoree. Library and reading-room open
_dally 2 to 4 p. m. Public Invited.
TKE People'* Church meets every Sunday at $
p. m. In Elks' Hall. 223 Sutler St.; subject
this evening. "As Others See Us." Pastor.
Mrs. Anna L. Gilletpie; residence 1101 O'Far-
IT'.l ft.
MEETINGS — Sl'XDAvI
ALL fckeptics invited to witness Mme. Young's
penuin*- FiHrit messages to-ni?rht: 10c; Mrs.
iSoal lecture. 61i» McAllister: feadinz» daily.
AT 3CS Larkin: take elevator; Sunday. 7:45;
sood Kinging; startling readings; closing with
lecture. Prof. Perkins and others.
JJME. VIGAR'S spiritual test rreetlng every
night. S p. m.. 10c; tests to all. 14S 6th st.
£EHR Egyptian Hindu occult reads dally; clr-
cles \\>d..Frl.& Sun..S p.m. ;10c.32u',4 Kills st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every nirht
except Sat.. 10c; sit. 10 to 5. 14S Sixth St.
MRS. ECERHARDT, tens to-night. 10c; de-
veloping elrc'c Mon. night. 25c. 3250 22d st.
SEER.' Egyptian Hindoo occult reader: daily
c!r.Wed.,Frl.. Kun.. 8 p. m. ; 10c. 326V4 Ellis.
MRS. HAItLAKD'S circle to-nl^ht; spirit mes-
eages, te*ts; 10c; readings daily. 14S Sixth st.
Friendship Hall. SX* McAllister— Tests to all,
Utc; readings daily. Mrs. Meyer and others.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. circle to-night. 25c;
I readings dally, luoo Harrison:, tel. Mint U97.
C. WILBUR DEAN'S grand materializing se-
ar.ee to-day. 2:IM eharp. 1052 Ellis st.
TF-STS. 903 Market. 2-8 Mr. Wilson, 8 Mrs.
Gllllnsham. Mr. Hargrave. Smith: 10c.
MRS. CONNOLL. 14S Sixth st.— Circle every
night. 10c; tests to all: readings 50c.
SCXDAY LECTCREa.
A LH AM ERA Theater— Mars-meeting to-night
at 7:3<». Lecture by Arthur Morrow Lewis,
"The Future Unionism." Free speech reso-
lutions will be cpokeu on by George I_tes
president of the W. B. of It. E. ; Lena Mor-
new l^wis.. A. _-U.: William Ccstiey, A.
K U.. and Frank Whitney of the Carmen's
Union. Splendid music by Cof»man"s flne
concert band. Free. ¦-'•?•'.
DR. J. DEPEW~KERGAN'S free lecture this
evening.. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. DO)
Market st.: eubject. "The Mechanism of
Memory, followed by views of a visit to
Venice, the Bride of the Sea: free tickets will
l*e distributed for X-Ray exhibition at sani-
tarium, Tuesday evening. Remember the
question box. tspecial music.
"NOW" Iwjture. Henry Harrison Drown eub-
Jc<-t. "The Standard of Right." The speaker
will handle, the subject from both an ideal-
istic and practical standpoint. . In short this
principle applies anywhere; 8 p. m. : free
v.-ith collection; Memorial Hall, Odd Fel-
lows' building.
EWAMI TRIGUNATITA will deliver his 11th
. le«-ture on "The Infinite" to-nipht. 8 o'clock-
afirn. 2Sc. to Hteiner eU: Vedanta Society!
HOME talk given rm new thourht and mental
Bugjjestion to-night; tests given: businei-g ult-
tingc daily; office hour* 1 to 5. 1003 Sutter Bt.
hoar dim; for children.
A CHILD can have a splendid 'home and good
<arr in a flne healthy location; large garden;
$10 per month. Call or address. MRS. CAR-
STEED. 163 Twenty-fifth av;.; phone Steiner
4.--30.
LADY will board and care for one or more
children; room for parent If desired; refer-
ences. Address 230 Chenery st.
GOOD home for small children; mother's care;
terms to suit. 202S Buena Vista ave., Alameda.
WANTED— Child to board; good home; no
other children. 25 Fell st.
CUBES SPPTPBE.
WHO?— Hunter. 12U6 Market St.; $100; rupturs
cure for $10; circular explains: send for oar
"7 Bt'SlXESS Cir^XCES.
A — $4000; CORNER raloon. with lease; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by own-
ers for years: fullest investigation solicited.
Sec R. G. WILKE. 20^j Kearny St.
1 A— $3000; GRILL rocm and cafe; the leading
I establishment in Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 and .1 flrst-class paying business;
other investments only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 2O',fr Kearny st.
A— fl2t'K>; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4% barrels
per day; daily sales $45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20»4 Kearny st.
A— S1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in sight; a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE. 2C',j Kearny st.
A— $500; BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; daily receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE, 2GVi, Kearny st.
A — $2200; Saloon, with lease; estab. years;
vicinity of Fourth st.. Market and Stockton;
place speaks for- itself; all particulars. R.
G. WILKE. 2(i'^ Kearny st.
A — $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 16 fur-
nlshed rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $65; a
business where man and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
et. ; rent $10; lease ;3 horses, 6 wagons; busi-
ness estab. years; investigate at once; a rare
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A— $1650: COK. saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50; lease; a flrst-class paying place In
choicest location; $150 per month clear guar-
antecd. R. G. WILKE. 26>/j Kearny st.
A— $1000: PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
gallery, ' averaging about $9 50 per day; ex-
penses about $5 per day; will sell or trade
for lodging-house. See R. G. WILKE. 2ti^4
. Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery In
choicest location; rent $80; dally receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A — $S50; CORNER cigar etand. close to Mar-
ket and Stockton Ets. ; rent 575; a splendid
location and rare business chance. See R.
G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny Bt.
A — $2250; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.;
no opposition; In thriving country town about
75 miles from this city: a rare chance. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 60x100;
house of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.: price $3(iC0; not all cash required; a
good business. Call on R. G. WILKE, 26Vi
Kearny st.
"A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy ut.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and ice cream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar 'stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20.00<>
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $0000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $t500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
FOR sale — Beautiful mountain resort, less than
30 minutes' ride from depot of best interior
city in State; leas than 3 hours' ride from
San Francisco; 20 acres land: 36-room, furn.
hotel, with barns, sheds, etc.; 3 years' lease;
can get longer; rental $500 per year; horses,
buggies. 2 cows; bar well equipped; billiard
table, piano: raises own fruit, vegetables,
hay chickens, etc.; big money to be made;
price $2500; account death. CAMERON &
CO., 3 Eddy st. -
FOR sale or trade- — Quartz mines; flne prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-house or busIneFs. Cameron, .*{ Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy store: all equip-
ment for making own candies; established 8
years; clears over $200 per month: will in-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale^ — One of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent: receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade far small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply 6tore; well
located: clearing $300 per month; flrst-class.
proposition; will stand strict investigation;
price $S00O. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
?25C0
GROCERY; genuine snao.
A tine, clean line of groceries.
Run by present owner over 10 years.
Doing a caEh business $1000 per month.
Absolutely clean and up to date.
$200 delivery wagon and a good horse.
Stock will Invoice more than asking price;
if you arc looking for a good, honest propo-
rtion it will pay you to investigate.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 406. Examiner Bldg.
BARGAIN— Barber shop; laundry pays rent;
good location; $200. TETLOW, 850 Market.
SNAP — $260; barber shop: rent, water and
light. $20. J. E. TETLOW. 850 Market st.
$600 — PARTNER wanted, genteel business;
paying $100 monthly to each; short hours;
no experience required. Marln Investment
Co., 235 Kearny st. '
PARTNER with $3000 to $5000 cash; after 3
months the business will guarantee $500 per
month income for ten years and longer, the
Income Increasing each year: strictly legiti-
mate and deals with g-lltedge parties only;
one of the best opportunities offered to a
¦ business man on the Pacific Coast to-day;
no time to waste on curiosity seekers as my
time Is limited. W. L. G., box 4657, Call.
1
FOR sale — $8500 cash will buy an old estab- :
lished corner drug store in Sacramento:
stock complete and good condition; large
transient trade; expenses light; selling at a
discount on account of retiring from busi-
, ness. Address P. O. box 444, Sacramento, Cal.
BUSINESS man with limited capital to take
Interest in an established commission busi-
ness in ladles' ready-to-wear goods; experi-
enced man preferred; must have unquestion-
able references. Address box 4502, Call.
HAVE splendid manufg. business; no competi-
tion: dally profits $8 to $12; desire energetic
partner; experience not necessary; salary $40
week; don't answer unless In earnest: -refs.
exchanged; $750 required. Box 4371, Call.
$250— PARTNER wanted In established com-
mission business clearing $.150 monthly; will
give bank references: experience not re-
quired: grand opportunity. 1OO7V4 Market, r.l.
$1W) — FINE-paying office and established
commission business clearing $100 monthly.
1007^ Market st.. room 1.
SUMMER resort: ftnest climate; bl«r payer;
comnlete; near city: sickness; Investigate.
1007Vj Market St.. room 1.
PARTIES for a business In this city; will clear
about 10 per cent per year. Box 4551, Call.
CANDY and Ice cream parlors for sale; near
Presidio; flne fixtures; everything neat and
clean. Box 4628. Call office.
FOR sale — Saloon -with living-rooms andcard-
rooms and large hall at transfer corner;
lease; rent low. Box 4570, Call office.
STATIONERY, candy and Ice cream parlor;
furnished living-rooms; Inspection invited.
Box 4577, Call office.
$650 — FINE cigar stand; cheap rent; lease.
Opposite Transport. East and Folsom sts.
WANTED — Grocery In a good location for
business. Address box 4639. Call office.
$1SOO— GROCERY and bar: location Is good;
well stocked; good business. Box 4508^ Call.
BRANCH bakery, etc.. price $140: . three nice
ltvln? rooms; rent $15;. value In sight. 1713
Broadway, Oakland.
A MANUFACTURING plant paying needs ad-
ditional working capital and a good man.
Box 4641. Call.
BLACKSMITH shop In Berkeley. $125; easy
payments; owner sick. 556.Y Natoma st.
FOR sale^ — Horseradish grinding and delicates-
sen business. 2401 ',£ Mission et.
$20— WEEKLY; steady young man with $175
wanted. Apply 235 Kearny st. >
PARTNER In light manufacturing business
Box 4632. Call. . ¦
GOOD saloon and , boarding-house:. 22 beds-
near water front: $750. Box 4359, Call. •
PARTNER' with $500; good profits. Address
box 4358. Call office.
*"H!>EM CHASCEJU-Contliinet,
JOHN R. WARDELL.
Old reliable turf commissioners and advisers.
New York. New Orleans.
Chicago. San Francisco.
PARTNER wanted — Rare opportunity "for a
man or woman to make many times your
money Invested In opening a small general
merchandise store at one of the large Pacific
Island ports; about $3500 required; experience
not necessary: Just returned from there;
large cash business assured; satisfactory
references given and required; investigate
this If you desire to get into a safe, cash,
prosperous business. Box 4622. Call office. y
RADIUM obtained from uranium Is worth mil-
lions; we are mining gold within 700 feet of
a uranium mine; send for smelter returns,
prospectus, mineral, bank references, and
"Special Radium News," free. E. T. BUT-"
LER. 204 Klttredge bldg.. .Denver. Colo.
A PARTY wanted with small capital to take
interest in 3 mlnlns claims In Council Dis-
trict. Alaska, and help work property; rich
paying claims on all sides: big returns: meet
owner here. C. C. SMITH, 20 Montgomery
St., room 5.
CHANCE of a lifetime to one man only In
each State with reference and few hundred
dollars for branch office supplying agents (we
furnish agents) : enormous profits without
risk. HULL. 154 East 23d St., New York.
CORPORATION controlling business est. 1S65
desires energetic, experienced business man
who can furnish unquestionable references to
take management branch office: $2500 per an-
num. Address Supt.. box K6, Madison, WIs.
WELL-ESTABLISHED wholesale produce
commission business: sales i about $80,000
year: account departure: can be bought for
j cost of fixtures. Box 4575, Call office.
A PARTNER wanted with small capital In
cne of the best mall order business on the
coast, paying a good profit and room for
enlargement. Box 4610, Call office.
FOR sale — Branch bakery, dairy produce,
candy and Ice cream; splendid trade; good
business location. For particulars, address
box 46CO, Call office.
CONFECTIONERY nnd ice cream stor*' In
flrst-class neighborhood and location; living
rooms; lease: Box 4C10. Call office.
i FOR sale In a live bay town—Candy, branch
bakpry. Ice cream and tamale parlor. Ad-
dress box 4018. Call office.
. . J
FOR sale— Laundry route, horee and wagon.
Box 4607, Call office^
GROCERY and liquor store for sale; good
trade; cneaplrent; long lease; in Italian quar
ter. Box 4605. Call office.
$350 INTEREST in store: plenty outside work;
will teach you the business. Powers Paint
Company, 1934 Market st.
RESTAURANT for sale at invoice, about $850.
W. J. WHITE, 26 Montgomery St., room 5.
STATIONERY and laundry, near sohool; price
$500. Box 43S5. Call office.
FOR sale — A lunch etand; good business; cheap
account of sickness. Call after 3 o'clock, 1301
Howard st.
SEND or call room 222 Parrott bldg. for par-
ticulars of a small, safe, honest 5 per csnt
a month Investment, besides large profit.
$00OV-SPLENDID opportunity; established with
automobile delivery; money refunded If not
as represented. 510 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
$250 — BRANCH bakery and restaurant; rent
$25; water free. 414 Jones et.
FOR sale— Half Interest In a flrst-class fruit
and vegetable stall. Box 4544, Call office.
ROUTE on Call. Apply at office.
GROCERY and! bar tor sale cheap. 3127
Buchanan si.
A BRANCH office of The Call /or the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
L.ODGIXG-HOIJSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN,.
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale. ,
We do business strictly according to law.
SPECIAL— 9. ~» - ,. ~^7 ¦
GREAT bargain near Hotel . Granada, corner
Sutter and Hyde; 9 nicely furnished rooms;
a splendid modern sunny flat, worth $625. \
price $425; \'i cash and almost no Interest;
owner has failing health and must change
climate. See my agent.
- MARION GRIFFIN.
S PECI AL— 52"] '¦-¦¦.
GUARANTEED to clear over $200 per month;
52 rooms; well and substantially furnished:
always full and eminently respectable; house
north of Market; rent $3 50 per room; price
$4500; part cash and balance as you earn
it in the house. See MARION GRIFFIN.
________ __.
CUT THIS AD OUT. SEE
MARION GRIFFIN about that apartment-
house of 38 rooms, all permanently .rented;
first payment only $750 and balance as you
make It; rent very low for euch a house.
SPECIAL— 8.
A newly furnished 8-room flat.
One block north of . Market, and
If you have $100 to pay down, go' and
See MARION GRIFFIN at your earliest.
; SPECIAL— 10.
Only 200 CASH
And $400 In little monthly payments
Takes that sunny 16-room house
On NE. corner north of Market St.--
Roomers well-t>aid white American laborers.
Not elegant furniture, but sufficiently good.
Rent only $30 month.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406, Examiner bldg.
SPECIALr- 100 ROOMS.
NEW and modern: elegant furnishings; 7-year
lease; income $1007; total expenses $639;
profit $458 each month; price $10,000.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner bldg.
. SPECIAL BARGAIN. »
GRAND sunny corner of 40 rooms, clearing
$173 over aH; eale on easy terms: swell lo-
cation; owner sick. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL— 14.
SPOTLESSLY pure; terms about 14 cash: 14
rooms; well furnished: full of steady room-
ers: clearing over $50 per month; worth
$000; price $000.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 400, Hearst bldg.
SPECIALr-21. — — —
THINK twice — First, that we can sell you a
21 -room house full of roomers for orily
$1200; second, that you need only pay $400
down, for we lend you the balance, payable
In monthly Installments.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406. Hearst bldg.
SPECIAL— 150.
READ this Item— New corner house of 150
rooms; elegantly furnished; always full and
clearing $514 per month: 'Inexpensively op-
erated compared with other houses of sim-
ilar character; low rent.
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Hearst bldg.
SPECIAEr— 30.
NEW house. 3 blocks north of Market; CO
Very large desirable rooms; low rent; 3-year
lease; most artistically furnished: will clear
$200 to $300 owlns to management.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406. Hearst bldg.
SPECIAL — 18. ~~
LARGE dividends and safe as U. S. bonds;
new 4S-room apartment house clearing $2670
yearly; make offer to MARION GRIFFIN.
• , SPECIAL— 50. "
PERFECTLY .appointed 50-room house: very
centrally located: elegantly furnished la^t
¦ April; electricity for elevator and lights; hot
water In each room; lease -for 0 years; In-
come $496 over rent; all large single rooms
and roomers all business men.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406, Hearst bldg.
SPECIAL— S3. ~~ "
BONA FIDE well-established hotel with bar;
Ki rooms; large dining-room; flne barroom
with big trade; hotel always full of boarders
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406, Hearst bldg.."
lO^tOOMS; furnished: yard; best location; to
responsible parties: 15 minutes' walk, to Ex-
aminer Bids;. : $75. E. J. LLOYD, room
400, Examiner. Bldg.
MITCHELL & CO Phone Jessie 2981
1206 Market St., opposite Sixth. .
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40; sell or exchange; price $050.
65 rms.: downtown house: steady; transient;
clearing $350 'monthly; handsomely furnished.'
26 rms.: choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
.,25 rooms: well appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must. sell; make offer.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
100 ROOMS, sunny corner, rent $125. ..".$4500
40 rooms, south of Market, rent $110.. 2600
46 rooms, Mission warm belt, rent $65. 225(»
20 rooms, ' summer resort,' rent $400 yr. 55o
14 rooms, fine location, rent low... 7... 700
Hotels nnd summer resorts.
KITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
A— $1000; house of 30 rooms, 37 beds; rent $100,
lease of 4 years: good furniture; rooms always
occupied. See R. ; G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
FOR sale— 11-room house, nicely furnished; full
of steady roomers; clears S52 over rent: own-
er paralyzed; must sell; offer. 013 Geary et.
CLAIRYOYASTS— Conllniied.
"^ ¦ *
I A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
• Call at once and sare $••
I Ills former $3 readings thin week for
' $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. SI- $1- $L $L
NO CHARGE - NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
' You consult him.
(Ycu to ba full judse.)
PAUL DESTINE.
Th« 2rst recietered trance clalryovant ani
Palmist ever In San, Francisco.
Read carefully. - An honest proposition.
¦ I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
ise to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or false; tell whcra and when you
will marry. In fact I Wttl tell every hope.
fear or ambition better than you can t«tl
yourself: I restore lost affections, reunite the
teparatsd. causs happy marriage, make you
successful In life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and buried treasures and Insure you success
or charge nothing for my service*; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. ta. ; Sundays. 2 to &
326— O'Farrell st. — 326.
SPECIAL. SPECIAL. SPECIAL.
Miss M. Wille. 460 Geary St.. for 3 days will
give special readings at one-half her usual
charge; bring this ad and SO cents; If you
are In trouble of any kind, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles you will be told
how to overcome them: your wish and cb-
Ject In life can be attained; a secret you
should know the power to control; hours,
10 to S p. m.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently loeateef; at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk: private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to fi p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory aa in person; 3 questions .'.nswered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair. dat» of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postofflce,
1 Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. KRO.NEXBEBG, palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader: wh»n other's fall try me;
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
MIPS WARD, clairvoyant. 917 Market, rooms
11-12; gives dates, r&mes, facts; hours 11-0.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission st.. nr. 6th: open Sun.
I MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader. r<»-
moved from 132 «th to 2.'t»;i 6th: I. 25c. r. 5Oc
OI.DEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26^i Kearny. room 20; ladies. 25c; gents. 50c.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 44S*4 Jegfle St.. b»t. 5th and 6th.
CAnPET IIEATI.VG AXD CLEAXIXG.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main C237.
1 WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama et. ; tel. South 40.
DON'T move before getting estimate from
ni5slow's Moving and Carpet-cleaning Co.,
608 Larkln St.; phone East 745.
DEL MONTE — Carpets renovated on the floor;
also beating. 547 Hayes St.; phone Page 60a,
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1SC9 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard.'tel.South 21&
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 384. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 26S.
CON'KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 28.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call, 16 puges, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
C— OT_I~ O ~BE~OVATIKQT
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CQI.I.I!CT10i*g O*PTIC~3.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main SSSO.
COTTAGES TO LET.
LIBERTY, 571, nr. Castro — Cottage of 7 «un-
ny rooms, bath, modern: garden.
COTTAGES SUmrUUAX TO LET.
Corte Madera — 5-r. hard finished cot., bath;
choice location. Chas. Wilson. 229 Stevenson.
COTTAGES WASTED.
WANTED— 5 rms.. bath; large ' yard, near
park. furn. or unfurn. Box 4, 534">j Cal. at.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set;. extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.'
DR. H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1S41 Polk st.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver 35c crowns, $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors.233 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;flllings.25c
ARTHUS CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farre!!.
DR1 SSSMAK— IIS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSCUTTING. DRESSMAKING. TAILOR-
ING taught by McDOWELL'S perfect system.
Practical course In millinery. Enter now for
spring styles and good position*. Special rates
t .« pupils entering this week. Patterns cut to
measure. Linings fitted. McDowell's. 101» Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Mlllnery School —
Pattterns cut to measure; eve, clasa 1019 Mkt.
EmXAJ^IOXAJ^
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the entire West. New, complete,
extensivfc departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. U01-
925 Golden Gate avenue.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.
STAMMERERS tauxht to talk; iu> drawl.
singsong or motions. Call or write Natural
Speech Academy, 1C30 East Twenty-eighth
St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges:
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor: day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of DancinJt. 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
I .
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be con-
petent stenographers. 1332 Market: catalog.
WESTERN Business College :Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day eve. : $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines. Electricity. 24 Post
St.. S. F.;a practical school of engineerlns;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. rain., mech sur^
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. : eat 1864.* Van
dcr Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
• dancing; established 20 years 1412 Polk «t
bet. Pine and California: classes now o Pen^
PIAN .? lessons; Mrs. M. G. Durrette: German
method thoroughly taught. 323 Ellla _ -
hours 10-12, 2-4. **'
SPANISH— Mv 4th successful year of teaching.
Prof. Domingo C. Maya eg Madrid. 427 Suiter!
SPANISH; quick method; dally lesSona- 31 a
week; 4 to 'J p. m. Koom 42. Parrott bids.
ICE XT Law School always open; conducted by
practical lawyers. 53« Parrott building.
BANJO, mandolin .and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 4b2 Geary st.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano - $3 per mo.;
mandolin club $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
ESPANOL— Metodo practlco y progresivo.
Rafael Serrano. 530 California, cuarto nm. 4.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour MRS. PECK
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH.French.etc. Prof.DeFillppe'sAcad-my
1 of language; 320 Pest ; estab'd 1371 ; ablest prof 3.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH VIS^ 1001.
45
"ELP WANTED— -FBMALB— Co». |
(N. B.— THUS office opens at 8:30; closes 6:30
p. m. sharp.) • '
A working housekeeper for^emall hotel ln
country. $25 (no cooklniO, l&ns paid, refer-
ences; a nurse for an Infant, $.10. city refer-
ences; a cook for a first-class German fern- -
Ily. $30; a girl to help ln a delicatessen store.
$20 a month; a woman with one child for
light cook'e place, $15 (see lady here Monday
morning). Apply MISS PLUNKETT'S, 425
Sutter St., near Powell.
(THIS office opens 8:30 a.m.; closes 5*.30.p.m.)
A paltry cook for large place. $40 a month,
no room: must work from 9 to ft ea<3i day.
Apply MISS PLUNKETT'S. 423 Butter Bt.,'
near Powell.
(N.B.— THIS office opens 8:30; closes B:.1O p.m.)
Two waitresses for first-class commercial
hotel in city, steady work, $25,- board and
room; a waitress to take 'charge of email •
dining-room _ln city. $25. board and room. I
easy place; a young girl to help tn small •
restaurant. $20 a month; a dishwasher for j
flrst-claj-b restaurant ln Oakland, $25 and |
board, no Siirday work. Call at MISS.,
PLUNKETT'S, 420 Sutter st., near Powell, j
COOK. San Rafael, r.o washing. $35; cook, 5 I
family, no washlnc. $35; cook, hotel, coun- j
try, -*.-»; 2 second girts, city and coun- I
try, S25-$30: Infant nurse, city, $35: cook |
and second Kirt, same house, country, $3S-
$25; nurse girl, 2 children, $25; nurse . for
chil'lren's orphanage, *$20; waitress, hotel,
city, $25; chambermaid and waitms. coun-
try hotel, $25; alf» a large number cf house
• girls for Monday for housework, city .' and
\ country: be»t of places;, good wages. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter St.
10 GIRLS, general housework, easy places,
$20; glrl.f general housework, 4 ln family,
no washing or window cleaning, (25; general
housework, 5 in family, $22; girl, very light [
housework, $12; girl, housework, sleep home, j
7:30 to 7. $20. SCANDINAVIAN FEMALk) ¦
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU. 504 Kearny St.. t
room 3: phone Black 4458. ,
A — WANTED — Girls to le«rn hairdresslng, I
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 8 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; position* guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
We«t. 233 Geary tt.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea«
sen; both seasons taught from start to finish
ln 1 month for $13; positions as trimmers*.
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up-
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 18.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdress'nf
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
ARTISTS wanted; the Stanley-Taylor Com-
pany desires artists of the best ability in tbs <
following lines of commercial art: ln 1
wash and uen for cover designing, postor |
color work. Roes paper, photographic re- i
touching, machinery drawing Kith air |
brush; only experts; no amateur*; samples i
must be submitted with application; per-
manent positions. rt. r >8 Mission st.
YOUNG woman of good appearance and en-
gaging manner, capable of receiving at so-
cial entertainment, about one hour, each
evening. Apply Sunday afternoon and even-
ings at Ye Liberty Playhouse, Fourteenth
ami Broadway, Oakland.
LADIES— $15 per week sewing at home; ma-
terials free, no canvassing; beautiful sample
free on receipt of addressed envelope. Ma-
jestic Lace Co.. New York.
LADIES— $3 to $15 weekly sewing at home;
expeiience unnecessary; materials free; send
addressed envelope for beautiful sample, etc.
PALM A MFG. CO.. Liberty it.. New York
LADIES— $S to $15 paid weekly, doing plain
sewing at home: experience unnecessary; ma-
terial sent free everywhere; send stamped Ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Weber Mfg. f
Co.. 1135 Broadway. New York. j
SWEDISH or German cook; must be good i
baker; wages .«n to $10 & week. Apply |
102U Vj Natoma St.. bet. Eleventh and '
Tu tilth; call to-day after 3 p. m. I
WANTED— Refined, middle-aged lady, no in- [
cumbrar.ee; companion to lady; small wages i
and good home; references. Addrc-es box !
1075. Call office. Oakland. j
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish .
I materials and Day $T to $12 weekly. Send ;
stampt-d envelope to Royal Co., 34 E. Mon- !
roe St.. Chicago. |
THREE experienced Jacket hands for alter-
atlon department wanted at* LIVINGSTON"
BROS.'. 13-0 Post St.; also apprentices and j
skirt hands. ' I
A — STOCK girl wanted for manufacturing de- ¦
iiartment. 43-53 Ellis tt.. bet. 8:30 and !
9:30 a. m. I
; A — OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; good j
wa;cs. U56 Mission St., third floor. j
i A— OPERATORS on children's wnsh suits; !
i gooti wages. 053 Mission St., third floor. . <
LADIES, profitable home work, $9 to 515
weekly: material free; no canvassing; send ;
stamped envelope. Surety Co., Chicago. !
LADIES having dollies, center pieces. Batten- ;
berg, drawnwork to sell address Ladles' Ex- ;
change.. 34 D. Monroe St., Chicago. i
BRIGHT young woman for "printing and 'sub-,
ncription de|>artment: permanent salaried po- J
sition. Box 4.-.H'.'. Call office. ;
WANTED — A neat girl for office work: mus»t
be a Graduate of hich school; salary $5 a '
week. Box 4579. Call.
WANTED — Girl for housework and good cook- j
Ing In small family; no washing: good wages;
• German or Swedish preferred. 1030 Ellis *t.
I A GIRL for general housework; plain cook-
Ins: no washing: small family. 233 Third
ave.. Richmond District; take Sutter-st. cars.
| WANTED — First-class jacket and skirt after- \
aticn hands _ Aoply between 0 and 11 a. m. .
at HALE BROS*. !
j FIRST-CLASS button-hole makers on vest3;
wages no object. 230% Ninth St., opposite
; Clementina.
WANTED — Candy saleslady with experience. I
Apply to-day.MO-2. BLUM'S Confectionery,
PoUc and Sutter sts. _ ¦
YOUNG girl for IfKht housework; 2 in family, i
Call at 1G75 Page st. ;
RESPECTABLE young Rlrl for housework and
cockins; references; 2 In family. 2300 Pine, j
WOMAN to assist in house from 9 o'clock un-
til 4. Box 13S0, Ca'.l. ;
GIRL for housework and cooking: family of
3; references. Call 15.13 Fulton. 0 to 11; $20.
CANDY nacker wanted.. B. J. BAUM. 1144
Howard st. ;
ELDERLY wcronn: mind baby: arslst house-
work. Call bet. 10 and 12, 407 O'Farrfll st.
FIBST-CLAFS wnlst hand3 and Improvers, j
22«5Vi Fulton «. ¦ ¦
WOMAN ffr llitht housework: sleep home. |
220*4 Fi'lt.m st.
Respectable young lady for light offlce work;
! email wages. Apply Monday, 473 Valencia.
! WANTED — Experienced waitresses. Argyle
I Grill. 234 McAH'ster st.
j WANTKM — An errand girl for dreKsmaking at
14 14 Bush st.
GOOD milliner: p'ji uriprentice. "2 Geary.
EXPERIENCED waitress, small restaurant,
.«s week: half day Sundays. 25R*i Market st.
AMATKUR photography by correspondence:
catalopue fre». Dept. F. California College
of Pnotoxrraphy. Palo Alto. ¦ ¦
GIRL (<>•¦ u!aln cricking and assist In genera!
housework 3S23 Nineteenth Bt.
WANTED — First-class waist and coat hands.
J. BAKU. U'OO Geary »t. ¦ .
•VANTICD— Resident of Oakland; tall, bright
vou r ;; lady of ?ood family: stylish and good
.-.ppearancc; rr-sponsible position: good weeK-
ly (alary, with chance for advancement; ref-
erences required. Address box 1072, CaU
i offlce. Oakland.
. i WANTED — Cirt for second work and waiting.
1 Apply, with r«?f'.-rcnc<\ 2440 Pa.-vf.e ave.
•• FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants;
st-ady work; Eon^ pay. 41 1% Kearny at.
GIRL fcr Kcnrrnl hcunt-Tvork and- cooking. 2210
Central ave.: tnke car;^fare :>aid.^ ¦
GlilL to assist in'ruudliouse. 10 Point Lobo*
avenue. "- ' "
A VEST operator: steady work; good wages.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Gsary St..
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
1 Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church at».
• /'BRANCH office of The Cail for the ree«p-
;f* tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been openo'l at 10*18 Market St.. opposite
' Fifth. Oocn until 11 p. tn. ¦ .
HELP WANTED— MALE.~~
AT*THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY. .
11 Tiiird st.: iihorif. Bush 405.
NEVADA. .
Government Job. , 8 hours.
. '• 10 teams ters. ?*i a day.
JO laborers. *'- a (jay.
5 drillcre, $2 50 a day. ,,
CHEAP FARK. !
SAWMILL.
• Engineer and machinist, $75 month. "
Dogger and carriage man. $50 and board.
lilackEmith, S5<> and found.
:i liouss carpfnters. $:{ 60 day; S hours.
" Ftiintlcis and lathers; contract.'
5 laborers, city Job, $2 15 a day.
CALIF. EMP. 'AGENCY, 14 Third «t.
DETECTIVES everywhere; good salary; no
i experience. Intl. Detective Acy. Milwaukee.
MURRAY & READY. (B4-te6 CUy st.
Phone Main C848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
TO-DAY — SUNDAY —
Offlce Op-n
¦'"¦¦. ¦ 8 to 12, SUNDAY.
In 1D03 we gave , During 1004 we hope
work to 00,1.00 men. to Increase 00,0(».
DO YOU SPEAK
Italian German Spanish
Greek " French Swiss?
$5 REDUCED RATES $5
CHEAP FARES.
NEVADA. NEVADA.
I TO NEVADA STATE.
8 hours day, Government work, 8 hours day.
. 25 teameters, ship to-night, 52 day. -¦
10 laborers, ship to-night.
, Rockmen. drllUrs. Irrigation ditch.
I NEVADA STATE.
J GOVERNMENT WORK. .
t SHIP TO-NIGHT. ,
I TO ARIZONA.
1 •- SHIP TO-NIGHT.
Close to Prfrcott. .--¦¦. 010 mile?. >» 10.
1 tiCO laborer**, drillers, rockmen etc.
I Prescott. Arizona. Ship Daily.
I ". WOODCHOPPERS.
j 25 woodchoppers, different Jobs.
I 12 Germans or Austrians to chop wood.
12 men to chpp wood, make posts, north. ' j
Carpenter, city, plain Job $75
- LOOK.
JBoy.for «tore. |6 w-ek; 25 tunnelmen.
2 boye, painting, little experience, $0 to $0
week.
:• boys, learn different trades. $4 to $5 week.
Gardener, flowers and vegetables, $40.
Engineer. r»:n pump. .
Hostler, $40 found: 2 stablemen. $30 found.
May fireman and handy man, $40 and found.
6 teamsters. ¦ fare $1 no. $1 75 day.
Dairyman. Plumaa County, $40 and found.
MINES. '
! GOLD... SILVER.
.' COAL COPPER.
M*> single and double, hand miners, $82 f>0 to
$60. ¦
• 12 machine miners, pood mines, $00.
! Carpenter fur mine, * $105.
Drill sharpener for mire; cement finisher.
MILKERS, ETC.
In milkers, different Jobs, $30. $-15, $10 found.
Irallnn-SwiM milker, $'!*> and found.
FARMERS. CHOREMEN. LABORERS.
MEN AND WIVES.
3 farmers and wives. $10. $30 and $00 found.
- HOTEL DEPARTMENT, i
ft cooks, different hotels, ranches. mlne»K,etc.,
$30 to $C0. '
G waiters. b*U and elevator boys, $15 to $40
and found.,
Porters, dishwasher*?, roustabouts.
2 leundrymfn. extr?. coed John, $15 week.
3 •butcher*, country Jobs. SSO. $40, $50 found. |
Klaughter-house butcher. «>0c fare, $15 found.
Rutter-niaker, south. $*SS and found.
{••cond cook, fere paid, country hotel, $43 fd.
I Solicitor, city. f7.">.
j TOGETHER — NEVADA :
1 2 camp cooks. $«!0.
I 4 watters. camp, S30 to $35 and found.
2 dishwaters, camp. 8*50 to $•« and found.
1 BOSS AT OUR OFFICE.
MURRAY. & READY. 634-030 Clay «t.
STRICTLY first-class men tn following lines
for Southern United States,' West India i.
Mexico. Central America and Panama: Mm
with managerial nn.l executive ability. - tech-
nical training, expert engineers, machln-'
Ists,- bookkeepers, stenographers and clerks;
.don't apply unless competent. New Orleans
Commercial Exchange, New Orleans, La.
WANTED — Traveling salesmen to take patent-
ed article; Jukt out; sell to Jobbers only m
commission; good opportunity; . letters confi-
cientlaL American Improvement Manufactur-
ing Company. Chicago, 111.
1 GENTLEMAN want» email bright boy. 12 to
I 15. to travel with him for his txpenses; good
home for the right boy. Call to-day (Sun-
day) from 10 to 1, 765 Market at., room 10.
; WANTED — 10 men each State to travel, taek
: signs, distribute circulars and samples; $6U
¦ month; $3 per day for expenses. KUHL-
I MAN CO., Dept. H-4. Atlas block, Chicago.
I WANTED — An experienced coffee roaster for
I .i prominent Los Anseles firm: must be well
r.ecornmendet!, steady and reliable; state ex-'
; perleftce. and salary expected. Addresfe'box
; 1573. Call office. \
WANTED— Solicitors to sell staple goods to
j restaurants, hotels and . boarding-houses;
! wages and comml£&lon; no trailers need ap-
! ply: give reierence'. and experience. . Box
', -Ui.'J, Caii oifice. ' . ..
CHAUFFEUR -wanted for a Drlvate family;
auto Is kept at uarage'*; applicant must bo
I sober, steady man and ab.e to repair any
• portion of machinery. Address, stating wage*
i expected, box 4a*jl, Call.
i . .. . .
' WANTED — Men or women to address circu-
! tare; $5 to $15 per week for your spare
I momenta. Address, inclosing ltic for lull
• particulars. CLAKA SMITH, 1W07 Flfty-
; Kfcventh st.. Oakland. Cal.
'¦ UNCLE SAM wantu help; 14,000 appointments
rmw; free exam. • oaner ' & catalogue giving
positions snd salarUs.Dept.C.WesiernCumsi-.
! • fniverslty, 025 Golden Gate ave. San Fran.
; I DO secure employment, any kind, anywhere;
eend to-day; 4c for Iii-paie booklet teiling
i how. ROBERT DAWSON. Dept. X, Ftri
I Smith, Ark. . .. »
| EXPERIENCED young man for clerk; tobacco
j buslnt-ss; must come well recommended and
i be r'f>iuir.t of Oakland. Box 1074, Call o'lk-e,
'! Oakland. ¦
' BARBERS — »-chalr shoji at half its value;
; &ood trade: Koine out of business. Adtlrcsd
I 45!» Twelfth Bt., Oakland.
WANTED — A first-claes turner ami ' band
sawyer. Apply to DALZELL A MILLER,
cor. Mlhia and Addl*on sts.. - BerkfeUy. Cal.
CATHOLIC man -to' manage our business In
'< this diocese; reference required. Hcly Fam-
; ily Magazine. 1022 Market St., Phllatielpn u.
! WANTED — Boy -from 14 to 16 Jtcarp ot age for
' delivery department: also wagon boys. Ap-
ply between- 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BRO3.*
YOUNG man with tome experience as clerk
for retail hardware and ralnt store. L. II.
| KOHN. cor. Polk and Sacra monto 913.
I GOOD opening for reliable printing and ad-
i vertl8lr>_' -solicitor: permanent salaried posl-
• tlon. Hox 439S. Call offlce.
1 A FIRST-CLASS drummer on city delivery
wagon; wages $1S a week; German preferred;
I reference.* reiulred. . Box 4:>SS, Call.
PRINTER to tun Job office on per cent; every.
' thing new. CO Thirteenth st. ; call to-day.
10 to -', or «ny evening.
SAILORS and green hands for Europe and
steam whalers. LANE'S. 504 Davis at.
OFFICE boy In wholesale huuse: hours 7 to 0;
! give age and wages. Box 4U0S. Call.
; EXPERIENCED advertising man; good prono-
i sltion; liberal commlfsion. Box 4*:3<>, Call.
[ YOUNG men wanted for wrappers. Apply
; superlrtten-lent'6 office. The Emporium.
SOLICITORS for merchant tailor. 112.1 Mar-
ket tt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
FURNISHED barber »hop to rent; cheap rent;
living rooms. MS3 Bryant st.
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 15 OGQ
, ! appointments lest year. Examinations sooni.
I Thousands appointed were ; prepared by the
• I National Correspondence Institute. Wa«hlnu-
I ton. D. C. Write for circular J-l. givins
j lUt of portions, falaries. rxamminationii.
¦ ! sample cuc-stions. etc.. to our 1'acific Coast
¦ office. n2T.Mark«t St.. San Francteco, Cal.
; : AMATKUR photojtrapheis wanted to taVe our
correspondence course; H!uhlrH..->i catalogue
i free. < California ¦ College of Photography,
; Dept. E, Paio Alto. Cal.
i WANTED — Experience shoe salesman to bo a
} short distance from the city. Apply between
I ft and 1< «• m - at HALE BROS.' . '
! WANTED — Exivrienced J?.nitor. Apply be-
| twecn 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.*
! A^ ~" ** - L ~" ! L
I Hen t« l»arn the barber trade in two rmmth*
1 and »eeure good positions: catalogue and full
I information mailed !>*«. MOLER tnyateru
J College, tins CTay ft.
I TOY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
j $1 ?>0 per pair, foot-Jorm shoes at $2 30 or
orthopedic f hoes.$'t TtO: hest shoes on earth. It
Third n.. Exam. bldg.. .'.'doom from Market.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and Irtish, a good
'. talUer. eaeer to make nwn»v F. PERSON.
I 477 nnd-478 Parrott building.
1 ' WANTED — Those, who served in the U. S. VoU
I .unteers In the war with Spain an.l the Philip-
I pine rebellion to apply for two months' extra
j pay, which is now due. - For particulars, call
, I cr address F. B. WILSON. 450 Parrott- blUg..
San Francieco, Cal.; open from 0 a. m. to a
p.' xn. ';.::¦.
BARBERS — Two or three chair shop wanted,
with living rooms. Address box 2(1, .IOCS
. Market tit.
, WANTED— Good oyster man.- 400 Seventh st.,
Oakland. •
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics, to know
that Ed 'Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 10ft new rooms to the Denver House,
j 217 Third rt.: 260 room*: S5c to 50c per night.
150 YOUNG men. 18 years or age. to organise
military OTKanlratlon. Call S. SZANIK 47.1
Valencia St.; between 6 and 8 p. m.
PENSION ATTY... M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st_; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons lor whom I - have secured i pensions
TRY our men's shoes, unlcfn made, at 81 and
$1- 60 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 r>0: w« pay
express or main charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
GERMAN; steady; reference: handy;- tend bar.
winehouse; married preferred. Box 22S1. CaU.
i YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters.
r sreen hands, for ships. DENT'S. 26 Steuart.
THIS office open* 8:30 a_m.; closes 5:30 p!m?)
»-« Uer lth eood •"•'»«acea from laet place
m51".T ".v 0 *, 1 . 0 !? ln Sty or country; will be
ready on the 10th of Starch. Address or tele-
Phons (Main M72) MISS PLUNIO3TT. 426
fc-utter eu. near Powell.
r^ES CHilAN \. 45 « tln « le: •"-hc-Pe. florist
gardener, undemunds ail branches; late In
»V.w «" L * oul8ltL n»- Purchase Exposition, al&o
with Mr. Howard Gould. New York; good
references: have been working ln San Fran-
cisco for Messrs. Slerers &. Co. and Serveau
Bros,; member of the Pacific Coast Horti-
cultural Soc'ety» wants situation with pri-
vate family or In first-class business. Ad-
dress JULES LEPLEUX. care Mistron, 1IU0
Lombard at., San Francisco.
BOY wants position as billing machine opera^
tor. Box <e21. Call office.
AN experienced operator on Burroughs adding
machine desires work. Box 2288. Call office.
BARBER wants work in country. G. S. FAR-
GO. bq7 Ninth st.
3ARDEXER wishes situation; first-class in
every branch; best references. Box 453<>, Call.
CUTTER, Fifth ave.. New York; a strictly
up-to-date custom cutter desires to make a
ch&n^e for California; city or country;
practical tailor; the verv best of references.
A. L. S.. C3 South Clintcn ave.. Rochester.
New Ycrk.
WANTED— Position by competent and reliable
man; understands care of horses, cows; etc.;
good gardener and handy with tools: refer-
ences. Address 1106 Twenty-eighth et.. Oak-
land.
A GARDENER thoroughly versed In ' all
branches of horticulture under glaF» and !
outride; 8 years ln last position; with best
Of recommendations. Box 4<5CO, CaM offlce.
STENOGRAPHER— Young man, with 2 years
experience, desires situation with wholesale
houee; can furnish own machine. Box 4C04,
Call offlco.
A FIRST-CLAES. experienced colored cook
would like a position tn saloon or commer-
cial lunch parlor; best of city references.
Box. 4554, CaU oflce.
A MAN who is trustworthy and reliable de-
flres position a» night watchman. Addre**
H. F.. 61» Third st..
BA-RDER — First class, sober, wants first-class
Job: state wages. Address Barber, box 4525.
CaU offlce.
WANTED^ — Position ln cood country town by
young barber. Box 4561, CaU office.
SITUATION wanted by strong boy. Box 4559.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wishes steady
position. Box 453I». Call office..
A JAPANESE high school student wants a
position as schoolboy; $2 week; plain cook
or walUrr. SAKA. box 4.183. Call.
A JAPANESE boy wants a place to do cook-
Ing ln email family; epeaks English very
well. FRANK NAKA. 171* Devlsadero et.:
tel. Scott 577. •-;- - ; V
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Brunch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
EXCHANGE.
REAL estate of real value to exchange for a
high grade gasoline automobile; "Winton"
preferred. Call or address room 14, fifth
floor. Mills bldg.
FOR exchange — California fruit ranch: 4O acres
peaches and plums; want Eastern farm.
FAWCETT & CO.. WhltUer. Cal.
\ FINANCIAL.
4K PER CENT
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and 6
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. and I... Association. 316 California
ti. A. A. Watkins. president; Charles R.
Bishop, vice president; S.~ Prentlss Smith,
treasurer: Clarence Crange. secretary and
managing director; Gavin McNab. attorney;
George C. Boardman and Charles K. Ladd.
directors: Walter K. Smith, ct*hler.
Eut-seribed capital. $S.'H)O.0OO: paid In capl-
tal. $1.000.QOO: reserve fund. >20O.0O0.
PRATHER REVOVATIStt.
OSTRICH feathers and boas remodeled, curled
and waterproofed; gives a luster Cfjual to
rew;- can be wcrn a season without losing
curl. Potter Waterproofing Co.. 50 Geary gt.
BY new. healthful process. CjjI. Steam Feather
Co.. S2*» Van Ness ave.: tel Howard 31tt7.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our fr^e renting department: over lOuO
In number; a combine-1 list from all aKencles;
let us give ycu a lisi and help you to find a.
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
lOTia MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE *4cALLISTER.
ALL of the 130*1 desirable flats and house* are
listed In our renting department; let us gtve
ycu a list and help you find one in tho loca-
tion you want. sTTEKLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market tt. : services abso-
lutely free.
ELEGANT new upper and middle; 0 and 10
rocms; sun every room; panoramic view city:
with or without rtable. 92S Herce st.
FELL. CM. between Buchanan anil Webster —
New' sunny flat, never occupied; S rooms and
bath: every modern improvement.
SUTTER. "515 — 8 rooms and cttic: gas and
electric lights: all modfrn improvements;
rent $37 B9; larcu basement.
ST1EHLIN Apartment flats: Just finished: 057
Hayes; swell 4 rooms, bath; nothintj like it
in city: open to-<Iay. . \
SWELL 4 rooms anil bath. 057 Hayes st. : wa-
ter, garbage; ball lights; janitcr service;
guo-$.;2 ro.
ELEGANT NW. cor. Bat; 7 rooms (all front);
Ijath. merlne view; 145. Phone Geary 41S.
KING tfUnny ui>i>er flat. 7 rooms, bath, base-
in*nt. 577 5O. J1S2 17th ft., weet of Castro.
FLAT, 5 rooms; bath: s-table; sanitary Im-
provements. Apply SW Thirtieth tt.
KULTON. *^5 — Flat of 3 rooms; rent $12.
LAR<;i-:.ST list of houses atvi flats to let. Call
on LYON fir H<"»AG. 11«'» Montrr>mery st.
JUST ronv-'eted: new C-room flat: fnted and
all the latent improvements. 2113 Folsom et.
LINDEN ave.. 50<? — Three nice sunny rooma,
basement; rent $11.
NEW. «--l«-rant: 7 rooms: bsth. marin.-> view.
¦ I5TI> Pacific ave., bet. Larkin and Polk iits.
SUNNY flat to Irt, ln-ludin.T «tai* a for 3 or 4
horses. K14 Treat - evo.. near Wat ar.<I Kolsom.
YORK. JCi. het. 21st aivl 22d sts.— -Modern flat
of S sunny- rcorrs and hath: r»nt reasonable.
FLATS TO LET — KUKMSHED.
PINE 710 r.*-ar Powell — $120 per month: ele-
rantty furnished house of 7 rooma and bath:
all modern conveniences. VON RHEiN
R«al BrUte Co.. 61.J California Ftrect
A NICELY furniKh»<1 flat of «j room? and bath:
irxjA h«'n-.»-: tan r»nt rocms: rtuit %£1 por
•non'h: $V'iO. 3S8 fflxtti «t. : sickness.
LEXINGTON Bve., ***S1 — Furnished flat. 5
roanus: bat*: i»*»no: in r^nt for 7 months;
adults: f-*5. Ca'.l fnrenoor..
Af-HBURY. 727— Sunny modern 5-ror>m flat:
liaiKht tt cars 15 minutes; health location.
Fj_AT'.- of Tl roorrw; nicely furnished: clean;
sunnV: • < ?2<>; Turk et., n«ar I^arkln.
POLK. 1402 — Newly furnished flat: rent cne*p.
WASHINtlTON. near Alta Plaza — Beaa-
tHully furr.irhed t-unny flat of 7 rooms.
FLATS FOR SALK — FURNISHED.
4 NICE, sunny rocms: furniture for rale; price
•J150; large yard; bath; floweis: ix/rch and
outhouw; rent 514; water free; gas, etc. 3U;
Hhotwell st. ,
FOR tale at once, furniture of r»-rocm flat, all
new; flat to let,; sonny. 3270 Twentieth bt.,
near Folscm.
ELLIS 1040 — Nicely ftirnitht-d S-room flat,
rbecp: parties coins _East^
FU11N1TURK of T-n»:m flat for isale cheap.
Call 157 Ninth gt.
NICELY furnished 7-room flat; barcain at
{Siu. Call Monuar. i-2_Ciary_*;t._
NICELY furnished, modern 0-room fiat: sunny
corner. 92U Van Ness ave.
CXV) BURNISHED flat. 7 rooms; new. mod-
cm; <t will rent furnished. M4 Turk et: ,
yi^NiTtTniB for A _ LI^*_. _
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture. «to\tg and
houreho'd pooda of every o>rcrlj.t!r>n: flats
bough*-. Mission Aue. House. 4'JO-4:**J Valencia.
yfJttMTliUU WAXTCP.
A WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4402,
buyt, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpet t.
HIGHEST prlwe for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer. 1S18 Mkt.: tei.HutvarJ 275fl
HCLP "~XVA XTB» — F B3I A IB. '
... . vted— 1W fflrl* to dance iu ballet for
t Wtacular prulucti-a '.*Arou-id the World
?ftFI*htv ,, ays - a » central Theater. Apply
w BOTHWELL. BROWNE. Mi Hayes .L
Monday <tc-n;orrow) morning at 10 a clocn.
GOOD helper* on walit* 6C7 Ellis st.^
'• "HELJ* WASTED — MALE — Ct * n - ¦
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
• 626 — Mcnjtjromery st.- i -f>2(J. .
Phone Main H01— Upstairs.
-Office open to-day (Sunday), 10 to" 12 m.
SPECIALS— SHIP MONDAY.
Cost you only f 5. > Only $5 fare.
Nevada — 3 hours. Government work.
Teamsters, laborers, mucker*, rockmen. tun-
nelmtn. $2 to $2 Co day, 8 hours; 5 carpen-
ter*, long Job. ship Monday. $S0 and found;
furniture solicitor, city. $2 50 day; 2 pin- ;
sticker*, city -bowling alley. St 50 day. j
A — TO-DAY (SUNDAY), Offlce Open 10 to r2. j
CO teamAers for Nevada. $2 i
Fare ?3— Of flee Fee $1.
C. R. HAN3EN & CO 429 Bush st.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton st. — Butler. $50;
valet. 9-lj; relief ccok. $30; French baker.
$40; young ir.nn to run elevator. $25; pantry-
man. 930; waiter, hotel, $33; farm hand to go
north; $3C. etc. • -
'a^H0TEL~GA7.ETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Bell- boys. $13; second porter, *>20. Offlce
. open Sunday 0 to 11 a. m.
MAN to do janitor work fnr tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 711 Howard et.
Pension Atty.. K. A.. Uullls. r. 40, Phelan bldg.
Fa*t.f*«n». Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms: •¦*."><! nlcht: reading - rooms,
free *nu» and batrcage tn and from ferry.
A BRANCH off.ee of The Call for the reception
rt advertisements and subscriptions has been
«prned at 100S .Market et.. orposlte Fifth.
Oren until 11 i>. m.
ALL ttizet men's shoes, sltghtly damaged, half
price, bf.i Mission Ft., bet 1st and 2d cts.
GET your fhcen half-soled while watting: 25c
t« rtv. Ml Vl'S'^n rt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts |
— ¦ — — i— — — — «
MORSES XSO M'AGOXS. j
REGULAR auction tales of horses, buggies, j
wagons and harness every Monday at 11 !
6'clock at 613 Ellis St.; all horses guaranteed I
\ to be as repretented. S. | WATKINS. Auc- !
tloneer. Phone East 743. |
BAY horse, 10 hands; prlco *»2C0: surrey, $75; \
new butcher or grocery wagon, $125; beach '
trap, 8 ft ater. $3oO; rubber tire top road '
buggy, $75. Box 4543. Call. • j
: AUCTION saie of horses every Wednesday at !
i 11 a. ni.. .'127 "Sixth st.; every horse must be j
a* represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
BAY horse, ¦ Id hands: price $200; surrey,
$75: new butcher or grocery wagon, $125:
beach trap. S seater. $T..V>- rubber tire top
road buggy. $75. Box 4548, Call.
WANTED— Horse: good, sound, gentle, about
7 years, a good driver; atats pric*. Box 1076.
Call office, Oakland.'
! FOR rale — At Eclipse stable. 1375 Eddy St.. '
brood mare, weight . 1250: ". business horses; i
• two cheap carts. •• . I
WANTED — Horses. 1.1C0 lbs. or over; p'ste !
No., description and price. Box 4650. Call, i
FOR sale fcr ?<iO; an open hujgy in good con- '
rtition: cost ?1CO. Box 4."00. Call. !
FOR sale — 5-year-old mare: roadster; single, ]
; double- or saddle. 2:W5 McAllister st.
j S100 — LIGHT de!iverv wajon, horse and har- |
i ness. B52Vi Bryant st. I
I AUCTION every Tuesday. 11 a. m.. of horses. |
.tvagons and harness, at llin Folscm tt.
Al EXPRESS nagon. light camping wagon '
and go-cart for sale, cheap. .V!2 Mission st. j
I Largest assortmt 2'l-ban<* trngons. buckbd. sur-
I rey.harness.work.drlvlng here's. 15th-Valencia.
I HOUSES TO LET.
I A— PRINTED list of houses to let: f*»nd for clr-
I cular. G.JI. UMBSEX & CO.. 20 Montgomery
! ELEOANT r.ouFe of 1*1 room and bath; 1107
I Franklin "st., bet O'Farrell and Geary; rent
| reasonable. \
; HOUSE on corner lot: handsome home; stable,
etc. . for sale chf-aj>. SCO First ave.
I HOUSE of S rooms. ?<*; near 24th and Castro.
i Apply 317 Clipper st. '
| MCALLISTER. 12C0 — 12 rooms, bath and bil-
; liard-room; $60; water free; modern.
! SEE Renting Department M. Frirdman & Co.,
I 2u7 Pest Bt., for nice flats end houses.
j BEFORE moving Ket o*ir nrlnte<1 list of houses
: to In." BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Pogt st.
, IIOl'SUS TO LET — KtUMSHKD.*
'. A — 10 ROOMS, bath, basement, heater, laundry.
i lan;e garden, conservatory: sunny side Sac-
i nt:i> tun *t.. near Plerve: will teas*. For per-
'. mit to inspect aDiily to SPECK & CO., ¦ 200
Montuotnery st.
HOUSE of 5 room*, bath ami basement; ele-
j ' frantiy furnish***; ptnno. phone, etc; will
rent for A — at *'O per month; ownerr.
going to co 3ox 45C3. Call.
j A FPLKXDID K : 1!> rooms; nicely fur-
I pished- harmln. ..>« Ortavla m. .cor. Putter.
j HOUSES WANTKD — 1'lU.MSiU'U.
' NEWLY furnl^he.l house of S to 10 rocms,
> \\>»tern*Adilltlon. Room .102. Hearst>bi>ig.
! ItOUSBS WANTED.
; SV'NNT upper flat'of I rooron, net too far out,
! for two ariulte; reasonable. Kox 4(i" 1 ti, Call.
1 iw ».> r iik>t.h.
• Vt'K buy and sell all active stocks and bonds:
¦ also high-class mortgages; carefully selected
btcurlties always in hand offered at Irum
j 10 psr cent to N) per cent below regular
) pi lets; list of 500 bargains in well known
stocks free on rwiue&t; get our quotations
before buylnK elsewhere. WATT & COW-
PER-THWA1TE. Inwstment Brokers, tjtotk-
; tt.n.- Cal.
j 6 PER cent semi-annual income paid on capl-
| ' tal invested In short term guaranteed bonus;
I prtiu-ii-Kl always at your command . Address
I l>ox 4,"iO7. CaH o-.fice.
j . LOST A.\O' FOUXIJ.
! ~ — 1= ;
I LOST — Will centlcman who picked up lady'*
i fold oitn-face watch last Sunday atternoon
: t,«iinR east to the tvrr'cu return same to I2rs
j Railroad avje. ? 'reward; valued as ktepsak?.
; LOST— February. 8, bit. Golden Gate Park
j 'and the entrance to Palace Hotel. gol.l
j watch: engraved I. S. ; reward. Address
j box •t.-'Ofi, CaU office.,
! L«>ST — March 7. on Grant ave. near Market
( St., geld niled watch. Eagles' fob:<libera'i re-
ward. J. A. B.. Chutes bldg.
. LObT — K''X t/rrkr pup: umck tace and right
i side; tajl^cut long._ 12S tianchei St.; reward.
i LOST — A ' passbook with the Hllwrnla Sav-
! Incb and Loan Society ot San Francisco. In
¦ the name of ALBERT ECKMAN, No.
• 190-li4o. The finder will please return to
' bank. ___ _
; LOST — On O'Farrell St.. March 4; gold stick-'
j pin. sapphire In center surrounded hy 9 dia-
! niond*-. DberBl reward -If returned to A.
i CROCKER. "-C7 Mor.tsomery st.
LOST— On? RutomobUe drawer and tools. Re-
J turn to PIONEER' AUTO CO.. 'cor. Goloen
J Gate ave and Octavla St.; reward.
¦ LCf-T — Groat Dane. I'jht hllaJ'o: r-^v-nril f*»*f
i r-.turn or informaM m l-a<ll-»< theio tf... 1J12
j Harrison st. ¦¦
' REWARD $10 for return of smai.1 fcixterritr.
I white. wlt!i tan *"!Kt«: license No. 101';.
I i;*turn m Jill Market tt. . • ¦ -•¦¦-'--
1 LOST — A brown fur boa: liberal reward to
! linger. Address C. • W. HUNT. Pacific Mu-
i tual buildlnir. • . . -
' FOUND — A pin In an automobile: owner can
i have It by proving property. 214 Post Ht.
'<' *__ .ii-
! ...::.--- nr J!!?E?)£S£ AljS '
. I HEREBY give notice that I. have purchased
! the business tcnducU-d »t 45O' Third si.,
' known a* the. Red Front; all outstanding
Halms agalr.»t,th* businetis must be prvxent-
• ed by 12 o"c.ock. Tuesday, 13th. 'Vi. NICO-
LA S PAPPOa. ¦
A fft-fcli. smooth arid young looking face.
•With a leal, genuine "baby skin." "
! Don't foiaet the nart:e. M. ELLA HARRIS.
i The number, 781 O'Farrell St., near I-urliln.
i Cail or write for bock. free. ,
I . '"Hints on Beauty."
I a; SUITS »c order at $1 weekly. We have
! icntracts vlth leaa.ns trou$fi> to take all
! their short eml». railed rt-ranjots. We male
; jo« ,i tine suit on lnstallmentH cheaper thin
rtt-ers do fcf cash. - LEON LEMOS. merchant
¦ tailor. 1127 Market rt.. J»et. 7:h and )»th.
GIIADUATES of New York School ot Massage
Osteopathy; vapor' and; electric- baths; 'face
vibrating machine fi.r "rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold feater: trained nurvem as
attendants. Prof, and Mm. Morris. 110 Taylor.
! THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray- hair, tm-
• proves -Its growth, stops falling. Cures dandruff
! and Itching scalp: no stain or «tlckinm»:
cleanses scalp;at druggists'; halrdresieis*
I " cept no sulmliue. Star Remedy Co.,13::.-: Folk.
! FR1TE facial treatment by the famous Esyi-
I tljn. Dr. All Hawrs, ::r.O Gutter st.."bet. I
' an<i 4p. m.r. lnves.tlgate rr.y new method of
developing- the "bust: freckles and wrinkled
removed pain; classes formed.
W A NTED— Add res* of MRS. SARAH Me-
[ PHERSON. DAN McDONALD. 533 Howard.
' FRENCH massage in exchanje for English
,"' lessona. ' Box 4303." Call otflc-c.
PERSONALS— Coiitlnoed.^^ J
FOREIGN Bentleman of 30 years wishes at-!
qualntance with American youns lady of ¦
good character and habits; m-»t t>i able t-i '
play a piano; age not over 25 years; inu-t be
tall: centleman of means; If au. table pleake
fend phofj; It r.ot su.table on the other tide
Photo will be returned; object, matrimony.
Flos ilSO, Call. j
INFORMATION r-antcd of the whereabouts of
WILLIAM L WALTERS; by octupat.cn a
cock, or chef In hotel or restaurant: lest
heard from IS years ago was in Ain Jose.
Cal. He n-!ll li^ur of something to hts ad-
vantage by addressltig FRANCIS riCULLi', i
44C bhawmut ave., listen, Mass. ;
INI Ol.MATiON ui.nttij U John l>river. nr J
•jamuel Lrlw: Johr. Drlvrr Is a cripple. a>ce i
about i'» years; Samuel Driver .s som yeais .
yuuncer: lnfarir.ttlun of thfir s-rr^nt rcsi-
iiei«t« will l,v r. »*roed. L. HARRIS. HW I
W.btter »t.. San tranclsco. Cal. t J
PARTIES \o'.ns to St. UouLi World's Fair can \
i »»*>t accommo1at!ons with private lamily ¦
within walking distance or the grounds by I
addressing C. H. W.. 4ti3»A Maryland ave.,
St. LouU. ___- i
A— illcrotlne. a positive cure for catarrh, cold ,
In the head, hay fever, headache and all '
bronchial affections; send for free Kami .t. i
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 Mh. |
WIDOWER with mnns would like to me?t
a tood, honest working girl; German pre- |
ferrfd; object matrimony. Address box ASH. j
. Call office.- ' I
¦RAG oarptts wove to order and for sale; also j
cbi-nllle-*ove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In .
carj»e.t twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geu. Matthews. 70!» Fifth st.. Oakland. •
I A WOMAN'S friend; destitute free; secluded
! home during confinement: housekeeping
room* In connection if desired. MRS. l)K.
! EMIL1E FUNKE. 1419 Eighth st, Alamed*.
THE Inlallible system: the only copyrighted
successful method of keeping ahead of the
, races: good furt-ver: price $1. Sold only by
; PITTS,. 100S Market at.
i Canctrous lumps, sores. Impure blood taffectlng
! (kin. mouth, bones, etc), speedily cuied by
I skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave. Wont cases cured.
SICK? Any trouble cured for *1 a week and
less: medicine free. Weir Medicine Co.. E0i
Ftederica. Owensboro. Ki\
LAUNDRY.- barber shop. - cigars, tobaccos,
i newspapers, suits cleaned. 3oO Golden Gale
ave.. corner. • . # !
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dl»- \
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.. |
I 812 Shot well; c-cnsultatlon free; call J? write 1
HAIR grown gray restored: pimples, wrtaklei-.
all blemishes removed: shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. ?:*1 Tost, parlors 13 *nd !?
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tailor. 721 Market %t.
SOCIAL dances W»d.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.:
riasses Mondays. Friday*. Louise Foster's
I School of Dancing. 1536 MarUat. nr. Larkln. |
I SUPERFLUOUS balr and moles renv.ved by I
j vlec'rlc needls. Dr. and Mrs. Travera. 11<O I
I MarUet. I
t WOMAN to handle '*Fpeclfic'; none but respon- j
j siblo person: lib. inducements. Box 4K>7. Call, i
i SUITS to order on installments of $1 p*r week. I
j NEITHA1TS * CO. <Inc). tailor*. 73a Market.
! CHIC becks, photo novelties, etc.: list sealed, j
fcr stamp. D. STAXTON. Carbondale. Pa.
1 LIQUOR habl*. cured In two days or no charge.
! ACME LIQUOR Cl'RE CO.. 007 Market st.
I Actina restore* lost eyesight ;cures ri>afn»«.« and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. V<21 10th. nr. Valencia, i
I MRS Eaton electric needle specialist. SKt Sut- I
i teri r. '1C!». Mi»-s Ea i2 n -_r'i Gyar T- rc<3ra •**• !
! MASOITERADK costumes. pl«y books, wigs; '
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt. |
i TAILOR-MADB fu!t ?7 5O; dress pants $2 SO.
i Misfit Clethi:y" Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont. ;
¦ ALFREDUM'S Er^ptlan Henna restores gray
! hair to its natural color, $1; at all druggists'.
FRENCH massaee ln exchange for English J
t lessons. ' Box -4319 Call office. ¦
1 A BRANCH offlce of The <1all for the reception
of adverticements and subscriptions has been
opened at IMW Market st.. oppoiite Firth, j
j Op»n vitl" 11pm.
t w— — — __ _ i _ i— — — — — — i — — — •
j IKHMIS FOR HOt SKKEF.riXi. |
1 EDUV, 523 — 2 sunny furnished rooms for !
! hocttkcfcl'iriE- '.!
! F1I-TH. iUS — Sulf of rooms furnished for :
houRt keeping; tfnt thean. |
j FOLSOM, nr. Twenty- fourth— First floor of 3
f.ur.ny rc»jtns. uartly furnlrhrd or unfur- '
nUhnl. with bath. gas. tubs and yard; stable
if desired. Box 4570. Call office.
FOURTH. E5— Nice large housekeeping room;
i elso sinele r*om>.
I 1 , !
J FCU'RTH, 4'Jl— Front and back uarlor for
housekeeping; also double and single rooms.
. GI'ARY, lute — Nicely furn. sunny front parlor;
: single rooms: housekeeping privileges: gas.
i GOLDEN GATE ave-.. Etj — :: rooms in bas«-
• ment: gas range, laundry: *l-4 per morth.
OCLDEN GATE ave., 4Zt — Three housekeep-
; ing rccros._ :
j GUERRERO. ?2C— 2 handsome rooms; fur-
! nltheu or unfurni'hfd.
! HAYES?, 4*N — 2 or *! large ninny housekeeping
j rooms with grate and water.
1 HYDL\~~5:2S— Nicely furnished front parlor
) suite; also 3 sunny bacement r-jcnis; phone
j Hyde SCO.
j JLbSIE. y."^! — Large sunny room, fumlsheil
j housekeeping; sa.- rang!-; open bed; $2 75 wk.
KEAKNY, *M3 — Newly renovated and house-
keeping roon>?.
KN1CKERBOCKKK Apartmenta. i:»0 Pine —
Sunny, furnlihod 'i-room suitf-a; steam heat-
: -' ed. electric lighted; free baths: rate %3o up.
! LARKIN. 41S — Furnished housekeeping rooms
j and yar»l. t
i MCALLISTER, res— Sunny sultas; |14 and $7;
! gat range; hot bath and laundry.
MISSION, U4S — Nicely fuin!sh»d rrnns f^r
housekeeping: single n>cm.< |1 5O up.
C'FAKREI.L. 4C2. corner Taylor— Two house-
keeping rooms; all conveDlenc*s.
O'FARRELL. 1712. near Fillmore — Entire rtcor.
; four i-unny unfurnished rooms; gas, huh,
; flui>ftf?: phone Geary 17C"i.
PAGE C7H— " rooms suitable for house k<<?p-
Ing cr sinsle. _
PINE. . JR20— An elegant narlor suit?~of~slx
. exceptionally terse jii-nnv r>M.-.ina: can divide:
I kttrlien. basement, yard; nartly furnished:
• |40: private. ,
j THIRD. SfS — Two stand connecting bay-wln-
I d.nv r>arifir»: *14 rnly: gas and b?.th.
¦ TWENTIf-SECOND. cor. Fair Oaks St.— Tw->
j furnir-hed vcnnectlng rooms for hotis«keeplng.
' TWENTY-FIFTH. 4OC — 1 or 2 furnished cr
unfurnished rooms to let: light housekeep-
ing: no children.
TWENTY.-*? IXTH. *J.1(57— Two front hcusekcep-
¦ Ing rooms; Mission warm belt: S12.
VALENCIA. 1»1 — S larre sunny rooms; gas,
bath: irirate entrance: *>30. •
VALENCIA. Ji?2— Two or three smny fur-
i niched hou»ekeeping rooms: electric lights.
i VAN NEHS ave.. 7<W — Two sunny front roc ins;
: c«-m!>lcte for housekeeping: $2S.
; WEBSTER. U-5^ r<w. Eddy— March 14. :{
' 5irnny furnished housekeeping rooms; private
I .. family. -
WERSTER. *rf27. nr. Union— Two large rooms
I apd h?th: furnished fur honseke-'pInT:
I / PA RTMJCJTT^OjtTSrS.
A £T, . HILAIRK APARTMKNTS
I LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEARY.
i Will be read7 for occupation in a few
I :'v-'Jda>s. t\»r>thinr ucw. Maice your
; re«>ervaUt,i » r.i/w. . Kleiant'y lurnlah^ti
! . apartrn nu. with private bath — 2. J anil
' 4 ixHira!»; st.am heat: electric light;et<r-
I vator; private phones; rates reasonable.
A— COR~DOVA~A PARTMENTS
"Will bj nniihed March 13. "
1084 bUTTI-lK ST.. XE. COR. LARKIN ST.
llrautlivlly Ight and sunny; ?-»-4 rucnw and
baih each: ell un'urniKhed; $::o to $45.
Mcke reservations now. -
THE LUNGER. H5 Oct*vla, cor. Hayes— Just
cuRipleteri; runnyt. int-dern 3-rin. upurtmenu,
e!er»r.t!y furnjih* di lights: private
bathe- "M n up; . r»"fs. : also doctor's office*.
A'NTMBKR «f very desirable »unny "i.a-t-
ments; 3 and 4 rocms eaeb. with bath, toilet,
elevator. - «t<:.: uniUrnl.'htil «r .urn:-h*o (•
• «r«ler: new hou>e. Tti* St. Charim. iiov
Pacramenta *t.. n«-ar l^rkin.
ST. CKCILE, 1 13' Fell, above Van Nets* — Th-
arriH» of perfection In e'esantly (urn. U-room
• l>artmerit»; |>rl»-s-te bath*, steam heat, «l»i>
i ... erlr lights-. e|e\htcr.'f.aa ranges: *:&» to
I MASON. N£»— Klegantly furnished sunny I
r^«ni>: f*. artmems: prHate; bath; •lectrio
llgliU:. rbene: adu»*s. *,
ET. "i IjOCIS. .* 157& Jjckson st.— Modern .1-4-3
rooms; also single; fumUherf or uniurclihrd;
manne vlf-w; reference*. Phone Ha»t \:iH>.
A FEW clesant nrwrtment' at, reasonab!*
. r rices. -Hadtlon Hall. 051 Eddy, nr." Frank -
Iln. .---•.-. ' , -- - -.•-,:-.-
I IROQUOItf Atx»r»mentn. 310 Ellin, nr. Laaven-
{ w-rth: 2, 3 and 4 run.' open for Inspection.
A PA BTMEXTS
A MAN and wife have a furnished flat «f 7
rooms; would like to rent S or 4 of them,
complete for housekeeping, to a man aad
wife or 2 ladles. Box 4571. Call, offlce.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. «nd Vutmrw.
A- XHK AL'DITOKIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEU
115 AND 117 EDDY ST- .
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODKKN. AND UP TO DATS HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: ISO ROOMS: 35 STJITA
WITH FUIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM UKATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
1 fcUlTS WITH BATH. $1 SO to f 2 SO PEK
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. »5c to II; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONES
I sch;th 1041. v .- ¦
; A5HWORTH HOTEL.
; .'.*:o. Mason »t.. bet. OearV and O'Farrell.
houms with or without private bath. .
; New xd>lition iunt comDleted: entira Taoos*
I neirly renovated: sun in rooms all day. . .
j AURORA, corner Second and Folsom st».— New
i hcu»e, new furniture: every room outside:
1 modern and sunny ; prices from $1 30 per
I week up; this ft the only up-to-date house ln
• this vicinity: first-class grill attached.
t A— SRUNS5WICK House. 11H Birth ! st.— Room*
', ;\"c to $1 per night. II 23 to S3 per week aad
! light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
! AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. \
I Fifth t.U)— Rocms, *3c. SOc. $1. *1 SO night;
\ >t CO to 110 week: house open all night.
| ALL newly furnisher), beautiful rooms at the
; Waverly roomlns house. S41 O'FarreH at.
I BtTRNETT. J42U Market (old No. 13«4) — Fur-
nished rooma, suite, single; al«o unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 2C4 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
• furnikhed sur.ny rooms: prices reasonable.
CUMM1NCS -The). «1S Post; nr. Taylor— Ju«
opened: desirably located: sunny, tingle roxuas
and suit;«. with private bath*, hot and cold
water, (team heat, electrle lights, v.ionw every
r*-cm. elevator. Phone East 1:»17 If desired.
EDDY. 7Z2 — Nice sunny rooms; rent ferr
cheait,
EDDY. SSI — Two large connecting eunny
rocms: furnished; suitable for students and
clubs.
FERN HALU~Sl2 Bush— Elegantly furn. rma.;
all tunny: term* reasonable: reference*.
I FILBERT, 11104 — Nicely furnished rooms; *5
i and Sft.
FOR single gentleman. In private heme tno
! other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
• roeni, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and :i blrx-ka from pannandia.
Address box ?CM. Call office.
FRANKLIN. 20V, — Two sunny rooms, suitable
for gentlemen; $0 and IS.
FRANKLIN. -U.'1—Sunny front room for gen-
tl man: also side room; rent reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. Golden Gate ave.— Sunn/
furnished front mom; a! I conveniences: Js.
GRAND Southern. 7th an-1 Mission — Rooms 35c
I to SI 25 night: $1 5o to $C wk. ; reading-room.
j GRANT AVE.. 7— Nicely furnished front room.
I S- SO week: I front suite, suitable for, four.
! HAXQBT.f Orjsnear Jfarket^Handsomely fur-
j nlshed front i-arlor on suany side.
HYDE. 410— Newly furnished large, sunny
¦ front room, suitable fcr I or 2 gentlemen.
l HYDE. H1O. near Sutter — Larce furnished
I r.">om: rent *>*.
i JESSIE, :««, cast of V. S. Mint— Furnished
. io<.n.s. $3, $1 and $7 per month.
! JESSIE. icT "-**t V- s! Mint— Furnished
! rooms, S3, *fi and $7.
' LEA VENWORTuT 3l:i^EIegantly sunny fur-
> nisheii !ront rgurn; also other rooms; reason-
able^
' MASON, S2~> — Elecantfy furnished sunny
i roorrs: -<ijite an.l tir.gls; tath; electric lights;
I i/hnnt; ml>.::t».
MISSION. ino5— Nice sunny single rooms for
• *1 73. «l 5O per week.
! MISSION, bet. SM and 24th— 37 rooms left;
| latest improvements: nearly finished.
NATOMA, 415*-i — Furnished rooms, with or
j niihi.-ut housekeeping. • -. •-
; OAK, -l"0— Furnish'd nxim, with us« of piano,
I etc. : afrrfy af terrocn or evening.
I OFARRELL. 57« The Pierre — Nicely tur-
| nishe<l rooms; modern: flZ to $20.
¦ O'FARKELU 131t5 — Large ? nicely fur. sunny
front bay-window room; connecting kitchen.
FOLK. .°.G7 — Nicely furni'n"d rooma wi*i»
J r^hune and running water: c*j«ai>.
. POLK, 1402 — Newly furnished rooms for rent
| ch««r>-
' PCT.T, 6SC — Front room: running watery light
houfekeeplnc if desired: other rooms; pt-$1.
; POWELL, •'CtiR — Nicely furnished rooms, bath
ami telephone; reasonable.
i ROYAL House. 128 Ellis— Incandescent IlghU.
r-nilinx-rcrr.il. smoking-iootn and ladies* par-
Icr: rooms per night. 35c to II 50; week. S3
to *S; month. $S to $3©: elevator on ground
floor; rooms *^lth hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1611 — A sunny back room la
j private family for gentleman. ¦» .
SAN JOSE ave.. 578 — Newly furnished rooms
! with batn.
SCOTT. It'll — 1st floor of .1 unfurnished rooms;
»>r.iny: $1S; adults only.
: SEVENTEENTH. 4i*l». above* Market— A
lane, newly furnished sunny front room In
I a :>rhate tamily, with bath; price rearjna-
; ble.
i mm ___^.^^_
SIXTH avenue. 7«0 — .T unfurnished rooms, $10
' raui:th: nice furnisbed rooms, 5.-$.! week.
STEVENt'ON. 707*2. near Ninth— Nicely fur-
j nit-hed sinrle rocms chean.
' SL'TTER. -IC1 — A bay-window unfurnished
i sunny suite fcr "gentlemen; rent 125.
THE Radston — Choice suites and single rooms;
plenty of sun: all modern and up to date:
; term3 moderate.
THE AVOCA. S-J7A Mlssirn— Furn. rooms by
I the 'lay. week or month; prices reasonable.
THIRD. 41 — !.arge. light furnished rooms;
central location. _ _
TCRIcr^*-0— Elegantly furnished, sunny front
j suite: all mudern conveniences; reasonable.
TWELFTH. '2Z2 — Three sunny complete bout*.
i - k^eplBg rooms: SIS; adults; also others.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 412G— Sunny front fur-
i.shed room; ras: bath.
. UNITED STATES. VZi Eddy, near Market — KX>
: rccms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to S3 week: elec-
tric lights ico gai>. running water In every
j room: elevator,re,»d.-r.*>m: free bus: baggsge.
: VAN NESS ave.. 31!^— Elegar.t front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
! VAN ~W1NKLE. 207 Jones— Nicely furnished
roomi.. $'2: tunny snlte*. $S per week; bath'.
j WASHINGTON. 1402— Large sunny front room
. for Z. with or without board.
WINCHESTER Hctel. 44 M st.. near Market —
j Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooma:
' XSc to «? *rf» nlrht: $2 to $* week; eleTator;
: etec. lights: readins-room: free bus: baggage.
j WOLF House. C03 Sixth — Electric light In every
: room: 13c to $1 a night; 75c to $5 a week;
j open all night: 'convenient to all cars.
i A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions hast been
! opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite- Fifth.
j Oren until 11 d. n:.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
! 1f» rag***. In wrapper, for mailing. >t per year.
__-_ ! __-_— _________ ;
7:J1 Bush st.. above Powell; select first -
; cImm residential hotel; elecantly furnished
ami table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heat'd and Drirate exchange telephones in
< tvery room- terms reasonable. D. DU
| CARPS,
j — HOTEL HAJTON —
i 077 Pine near Taylor: elegantly furnished
j tuites: private baths; all modern conven-
iences: excellent table.
HOTKL RALTIMORE.
i 1013 VAN NKS3 AVE.. NEAR GEABT ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
• PHON'K PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70C
EARLCOITRT.
)<•!> TIN*: ?T.— A BEAUTIFUL" SMALL
', HOTEL- JUST OPENING: EVERTTHINO
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCE.
HOWARD. 841A— Flr«t-ctn«« board with room,
single or double. $4 50-$5 week: American
lumity: homr cooking: home comforts; piano.
• HAWTHORNF. 13ft bet. Folsom and Harrison
— front rarior. with board: sulttbl-;
i 'or hu.-=:>anii »nd wife or 3 gentlemen; Jfinw.
F1"F*NISWT*D rtnm with firstclavi board for
ret te- table vcune man. *'¦''¦<• Hermann st ,
be;. Fir.mcre y»l Steiner.
VAN NTSS avef. *M4. corner O'Farrel! st.^
I^rtse front alcove room, with board: reaaon-
( able^ .
I IhOTEL ELSMERE. 41* Sutter— Sunny rooms;
exr*$>nt table; (torn J40^_*lngle_*C5 :
' ONE furnli-hed rcom to let. with board. Ap-
i " P'y -Wl Devisadero »«.
I ¦
!'VAN Xt'SS av#.. J71»— Elegantly farnlsbed
' >ul?<». «itn bat.i": »»«^ •ln»l»: hometrne.
For Additional ClassifSetL Advertise,
incuts See Paje Forty-Sia.
Mfrii mi inHHWTilii ywlTWl^iMfliillB
WAXTED— FEMALE.
-v.'O wllaile g}rU wUh noaltioni; eaa as oook, |
' otter as cha-nibermaid; best ot rtJtrenees.
Afi'ir«a» IS Hampton Terrace, oft Wuhlng.
"- tt , bet. Powell aad Stockton.
YOVSO lady with experience as bookkeeper
•¦«!-.*» position la office. Bex 22137. Call. ,
• ':..».: -Y wishes laundering to do at home.
' n.or.e Fell lO*t- '
AiiVERTISEMENTTS, trnpscriptiona received at
Ca!i branch offtee. oor. Duncan * Church ste,
iXA.'ST «d» and BabscrlDtJisna taken for The
.-»:i «t Eaton's Baaaar. Gtt McAlllater st.
CMPLOVMCXT WAXTED — MALE.
PT thoroughly experienced Eastern man "in
-.•••J-.er goods, fancy notions and Jewelry.
¦ • ;..r. of responsibility with wholesale
bout* cr department store. Box 4630, CaU.
A MAN with lengthy experience in Spantoh-
Atnericcn trade, thoroughly familiar with all
requirement*, seeks position; epeaks and
ccrresponds tn Spanish. English and Ger-
sat; Is a good or&ceman, bookkeeper and
< crrespondeot. Addres* L. T.; box 4«42, Call.
/UAVELING talesman, with IS years' experi-
ence. cc\erlng CaJlforata, Oregon, Washlnfc-
-,<.>n. Idaho. Montana. Utah, Texas, Arizona
»t.C Nevada selling hardware trade, desires
r ::::cr.»: llnec; nominal salary or commU- I
•ton basis. Box 4578. Call office. i
ENGLISHMAN. 12 >-ears ia Central America; |
good bookkeeper, thorough knowledge Span- |
•.th. ai&o French; desires poeitton with mtnu. ¦
racturic* cr exporting firm «-1th a \-lew to i
e\-entually rei>reaen.Ung them ln Europe. '
Bex <•-::, Call.
A COMPETENT middle-aged man desires po-
ctloa in private stable; capable care-taker
cf norses. harness and rigs; bandy and use-
ful about place; first-class references. Ad-
dress F. W.. C2~ Commercial st.
AN sble horseman wants position on large
p'.ace in this city to care for stable, garden.
ground* or other work required: knows hi»
duties; well recommended. Address box 4374.
Ca,:i effice.
AN active, educated young man, corresponds
tn Eaghsh. French, gpanlsh aad German,
wests a situation in o'flce; shorthand, type-
m riling; reference. Box •£*&{. Cail.
BT a young man ot cpiendld education and
wide executive ability, an executive aecre-
t&ria.! position; highest recommendations; any
bond eiven. Box 43CS. Cail.
ATTORNEY, who Is also experienced office !
man, bookkeeper, correspondent, business
n^anager. etc.. will accept pcsltlca with cor-
poration. Box 1527, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER— Expert accountant of many
years' experience offers services; any work
on book* or adjusting accounts solicited.
Atidreea box 43S4. Call office.
A RELIABLE young man. good character.wlth
the use of one arm, desires a rotltlon as
watchman, or any kind of work. J. JU6L1N,
«11 Washington at.
WANTED — A situation by a respectable man;
good cook, srardener, make butter, milk; ex-
l*rlenced -poultry raiser; references. Box
«37. Call effice.
YOUNG man wants- position ln wholesale
lyjue* with chance of advancement; has ;
knowledge cf bookkeeping; references. Box I
4."A7. Call o'flce. * I
Y< >IN«V man wishes a situation as engineer: i
ha* 10 years' experience of oil burning and j
ftcatn fitting. Address Engineer, box 4&74.
tail orflce.
WILL save you money, time and mistake* ;
my uj.-to-date labor-saving office and factory
system; rri\-ate records accurately kept.
v> Chronicle baildirz.
A— TIME, cert, stock and rhipping clerk; fa-
rrihar with machinery and engines. Box '
- «f^r.. CaM.
FIRST-CLASS e*nts' furnishing goods Mies- !
man wants i»o}.ltion: city or country: city ]
reference and «3tperi?nce. IVix 45^5, Call.
MIDDLE-.* OED man wishes a situation in i
• «-"t"r»- or hotel; hundy at anything and not I
of woih. F. A.. 73 Harriet st. j
BOY'S' rinthirs ealepnisn wants position; city !
r<r«rfert*fl : best city experience and references.
BpS 45Rt5. Cb w office.
.YOTNG man »i*h»-s a position as collector;
can furmt-h line's jtud best cf references.
Address r«ii tJ4>i. Oeii office.
ELECTRICIAN — All-around man wishes eteady
position: lone experience in finished house- '
work. Addrt-ES box 4<i23. Call. A
BAS-CERX — An employer wifhes to recommend :
a reliable, exf«rience'j mat; on bread and :
«::•- Addr.fs \.T.>). CaU office.
• i
BXPE*BZTESEC7SD elp\ator ci»erator wants po- \
eition in wholesale houa?; good referencefc. j
Box l.V.KZ. CaU office.
GENERAL office man. bookkeeper and type- \
v.rittr. desires position; best reftrences and ;
experience. Box 4*jCS. CaU.
tITL'ATICN .if coacliinan in private family;
l«**i of reference* giv^u. Address W. J. '
KEI.LEV. If^J Ueary «t. |
CDACHSfAX — Pofcitirn wanted by competent.
. reliable irooas Ergiishmzn: understands
_gardenlr.g; otn milk. Ucx *::7«. Call.
ELEVATOR cjierator — Reliable young man
w«.nts nisition a* elevator man in the dtv.
Iicx 45T.7. Call office.
POSJTIGSf t* waiter at a »amm<!r re-
wurt ur commercial hotel; references. Box
4J7j. Call o:ace.
BOOKKEEI'EIt and Grrmtn corrtspondent;
<>_!•» rif nee :iine years; references. Box
4<;;.".. Call.
BAKKR, first -class all-around hread and rake
Sek*r and confectioner; country preferred.
m-RTOX. :»C Seventh tt.
HTUATION wanted by cok>r*«d man as cook.
tity or countrj-; hotel or private family.
l?ox 4»CJI. Call.
<JEKSJ*S correspondent and bookkeeper; tx- .
;rf-rl»nc«? niue >cars in city; references. Box
>«S. Celt
TTOCXO man dt-slres prtsltfon as grocery palc*-
ruau: a year's »xperi»:nce; best references.
Bo\ ;C44. Call.
AN •_•!<* Gerr-.an carpenter, good all-rcunJ man.
warts work fur xaoierate wages. Box 22*40,
« ajl ofS.e.
ETMNCHjRAPHEn desires a position: uses
HrcUh Pnmicr; Jf."i a week to start. Box
4tv3, Call.
BEUADL& steady man. handy with tools,
wishes potitlcu: wagts no object. Bos 4.VJ-I,
Call ofnc*
B'JY wsms utrk on Saturday. Box 43«1.
'Jt\\ olC-e. _
PC».«ITION wanted by an experienced wood-
turner, rtox 4v»*. Call olf.ee.
A TOL'N<» Orrtnan w»iter niches position in
Ivjtei; references. IVjs 22*CT. Call.
U A VTED— Work aa a porter. JACK HOR:<\
17 1-ird -n.
DBICKLATER wants «r- rk; city cr country;
¦ -n-:!*-tent man. Ilex 4'< ;. Cell.
A BOBTfSS ' ' !.¦ s-t ; "u:.z nvan would like a po-
_Kjtirm of any kind. Box WAS. Call.
SITUATION ac - prei«?r. 720 Mission st.
COOK. <-ornr't*.»t. ail -around man; hottl or
restaurant: tity or rountrj'- Box 4024, Call.
PUflinOSf wanted a* oJltctor; bert of refer-
\.nvr». llux VZi. Call.
HOt'fiEWORK and .cooking In an American
:arci]j-, $1*0. 31 Van Ness ave.
TVAXTED — W<Tk m porter. Apply OTTO
WITT. 15 Third rt.
I*">Y v. ht\:« job as apprentice ln tinsmith «bop.
Hox 4— - i3. Ca'.: ti'fic-c.
rOCXO mat: wants rttuation as bookkeeper.
Box IZW. Call office
BITUA71OJS wanted as painter and paper
hunger; matt v.-ith tools, ",'i Mary at.
V. AMiJD — A po-ftion as night clerk in hotel.
Addrer* >..-,-x 43-J9. CaU office.
A yoi'NO man tianu a position as bartender.
U38 OKarrell PL
YOUNG man. 1M. tu.»ber enj steady, would like
, ' m'..-t. of any kind. AddrcM box VOfi Call.
YOUNG man would like a situation as col-
lector in whcles*le house; will grire bonds;
ran «pe*k German. Addre«a F. C V.'ILKE.
*£C Second ave.
*K*ANDINAVIAN man and wife would Ilk*
¦¦¦¦¦¦'.: on ranch; wife cood cock, man capable
'i taking full charge of ranch: references
from last employer. Box 22«4. CaM office.
COACHMAN: understand car* horses, car-
riaget; careful driver; reference*; good gar-
dener. Box 4C11. Call office.
WANTED — By an all round man. situation on
a private place; good with horses; can milk;
city or country, reference*. Box 401*5, CaU.
A TRUSTWORTHY nvan wants position as
night - watchman; can furnish references.
I. B., 756 Folsom st.
ELEVATOR operator— Reliable young 4-»ra
wants position s* elevator man in the city. I
Box 4557, Call office. i
YOUNG Japamte wants a position to Co house.
work. 322 Washington st.The Queen, the Princess of Wales,
Princess Charles of Denmark and
Princess Victoria walked from the
castle into Windsor an afternoon, re
cently and did some shopping;.
The Princesses filled their." pockets
with lovely things, -the royal party
staying in the shops a considerable
time. "They give as little trouble as
possible," said Mrs. Barber, "and it is
a real pleasure to wait on. them." The
Queen and the Princesses would not
even trouble the shopkeepers to have
some of the things. wrapped in. paper.
They simply put the small purchases
into, their pockets and asked for the
larger things to be sent on to the
castle! '. - : :'-\, <c/; : ;
iler Majesty and the Princesses did
not pay for their purchases in • hard
cash, but the Queen remarked . to one
tradesman, ."You can trust me." They
seemed to make light of the unpropi
tious weather % and the wet pavements,
and tramped along quite gaily, hold
ing .an" animated conversation and fre
quently stopping to look in' the , shop
windows at the wares displayed in the
shop windows of the High street.—
London. Mail.
A Queen as a Shopper.
A Fortune In Stamps.
A remarkable exhibition of British
and colonial stamps has recently been
held at the Albemarle Gallery, Lon
don, where Mr. Field, the well-known
dealer, shows for inspection, not for
sale, 15,000 stamps,, whose value
amounts to more than £30,000.
A blue triangular Cape of Good
Hope stamp, which occupies a place
of honor, is worth £200, and has
gained several medals for being a
perfect specimen. Only three other
specimens exist. V^'I/J.
Early last year Mr. Field was called
upon by a man with some stamps who
offered to sell the lot for £16, includ
ing a triangular Cape, which was
covered with gum and had been
thumbed and carelessly treated.
In such a condition it was impos
sible to say whether it had passed
through the post or not If it had
passed through the post its value" was
only £8. Mr. Field, however, discov
ered, after the stamp had j been prop
erly cleaned, that it was free from the
postmark and worth full value.
Eighteen twopenny- blue English
stamps, ' which are also exhibited,
were, forty years ago/ placed in an
envelope by an old lady, and discov
ered only a year, agb.v Their face
value is 3c, but their worth now is
£300.—Paris Herald.
Chatsworth's Hollow Books.
There are at Chatsworth two li
braries, the Great library and the
West library. The doors are decorat
ed-with imitation book backs. These
are furnished with imaginary titles
reminiscent of the . bygone love of
punning. Here are some of the titles
Tom Hood invented for the" sham
bookcases: "Wren's Voyage to 'the
Canaries," "Egg, by Shelley," "Horn
Took on Catching Cows," "Esterhazy
on Spring Fogs," "Macadam's
Rhodes," "Inigo Jones on Secret En
trances," "Minto's Coins," "Beveridge
on the Beer Act." Those who know
the treasures contained in the Chats
worth libraries, even while they smile
at such fooling, cannot but marvel at
the Incongruity of it. — London Dally
Chronicle. ; . ; *\
Praised the Kaiser.
A good story is being told at tha
court at Berlin respectinff the Kaiser's
well known tendency to take an Inter
est even In the smallest detail.
The other day he was walking in
the neighborhood of the new palaco
when he stopped to watch a number
of workmen busy repairing the facade
of the bulldlngr. His Majesty drew
near and immediately became an ob
ject of much interest to the men. es
pecially to one of them, who was ex
periencing great difficulty in fixing the
particular part of the facade allotted
to him.
The Kaiser suggested to the man a
.way. out of his difficulty, and to hia
advice the man replied in a friendly
tone. "Thanks, your Majesty. That's
not half a bad idea." The Kai3er
laughed and resumed his interrupted
walk. — London Dally Mail.
Two Kinds of Writers.
Two types of the writing man have
always been spoken of with scorn— the
man who "farms out" a literary job
to a. "ghost," publishing the result
over his own name, and the man who
Is willing to play the "ghost" But
apparently one has only to acquire the
right point of view In order to see
good in everything in this world.
Some one signing himself "Proxy" has
recently contributed to the Author a
curious defense of. "ghosting." He
puts the whole question on a practical
basis. A popular author, he argues,
must either content himself with a
comparatively small amount of work,
turning profitable offers away, or, hav
ing agreed to do more than he is able
properly to do, he must "scamp"
things. Therefore he is Justified in
falling back upon a "ghost." Pro
ceeding from this beautiful assump
tion, "Proxy" relates some of his own
experiences. "For the first long story
I 'ghosted,' " he says, "I received
£2 15s a thousand words all the way
through, one-third of the total amount
being paid to me before I had written
a line; one-third when I had com
pleted about one-half of the story;
one-half on the day I delivered the
SIS. complete." Are we touched by
these figures? Perhaps not, but let
"Proxy" continue his tale. "Now sup
posing." he says, "that I had written
that story on the chance of it being
accepted by some newspaper or syndi
cate, what would have happened ? In
the first place I should have worked
hard for four whole months without
receiving a single shilling," and so on
and so on, his plaint leading up to a
burst of enthusiasm over "the well
known writer who farms out his
work," that hero striking. him "as a
sort of heaven-sent being, and not, as
some appear to consider him, a species
of impostor." — New York Tribune.
HOW .MARGARET SULLIVAN
WON OVER THE PREMIER
Gave Him Some American Ideas on
News Reporting and Created
a Precedent.
Perhaps the most splendid triumph of
the late Margaret F.. Sullivan, a De
troit girl who became a famous Chi
cago journalist, was won when she
went to Paris in 1889 as correspondent
of the Associated Press at the Exposi
tion Universelle. Up to that time no
woman had ever been accorded official
recognition as a Journalist by the au
thorities of the French Government.
She arrived in Paris a month before the
opening and laid her credentials before
Prime Minister Tirard.
He received her cordially, but as to
admitting her to the opening ceremony
Mme. Sullivan, est une dame"
—it was impossible— "Mrs. Sullivan is a
lady." Mrs. Sullivan modestly assent
ed, adding archly, "and is confident of
finding the first Minister of France a
gentleman."
M. Tirard pointed out that there were
but 1500 seats under the dome of the
Fine Arts building, where the ceremo
nies were to be held, and that there al
ready were 3000 applicants.
"Will it not be enough to report the
ceremony a day later?" he asked.
"M. Minister," was the instant reply,
"there is no 'day later' in American
journalism."
Finally the question was placed be
fore President Carnot, Mrs. Sullivan
appearing to argue the matter. The
President was in a quandary.
"The French republic," he said, "has
never given official recognition to a
lady."
"Your Excellency," replied Mrs. Sul
livan, "it is time the French republic
created a precedent." j
The remark seemed to impress the
President, and the order went forth
that Mrs. Sullivan was to be admitted
to the ceremonials, and thenceforward
afforded every courtesy. Her first dis
patch of 5000 words, analyzing the ex
hibition as a. whole and describing the
opening ceremonial, was duly written
and hailed as one of the ablest and
most comprehensive coming from the
pen of any correspondent.
Mrs. Sullivan remained throughout
the exposition, and, in addition to her
reports, wrote voluminously on Euro
pean subjects in general. Six articles
in particular, which appeared in the
New York Sun on the Irish landlord
system, were models of style and re
markable for their comprehensive grasp
of the subject.— Baltimore Sun.
Thirteen hundred and seventy-one
years ago, although millions of the
world's inhabitants had become Chris
tians, the expression Anno Domini was
as yet unheard of. It was not until the
date we now should term 532 A. D. that
a monk named Dionysius Exiguus, a
Scythian by birth, suggested that all
Christians should adopt the epoch of
the birth of Christ as a starting point
for counting time.
At that time the precise date of the
birth of Christ had actually been for
gotten. Dionysius made researches and
eventually decided that it occurred on
the 25th of December In the seven hun
dred and fifty-third year from the foun
dation of Rome, and to this date the
Christian world has ever since adhered,
though it is now well known to be In
correct.
THE YEAR A. 17. C. 2656.
At first it was suggested that the
Christian year should commence from
that day— December 25. But this was
found inconvenient, aijd eventually the
ordinary Roman usage of commencing
the year on January 1 was adopted, so
that our calendar dates from New Year
day of the seven hundred and fifty
fourth year from the founding of
Rome. If, therefore, we still dated our
letters acco'rding to the usage at that
time prevalent we should write, not A.
D. 1904, but A. U. C. 2657 (A. U. C.
stands for the Latin words "Ab Urbe
Condita." meaning "from the founding
of the city").
Astronomers and chronologists do not
find the epoch of our existing era suit
able for technical purposes, the birth
of Christ being, comparatively speak
ing, too recent an event. They have,
therefore, adopted the so-called Julian
period. This period contains 79S0 years,
and Is reckoned as having begun on
January 1, 4713 years before our era
commences.
The Julian Deriod of 79S0 years was
not chosen arbitrarily, but is formed
by multiplying together the lunar cycle
of nineteen years— the moon's changes
occur at about the same time after each
nineteen years — the solar cycle of twen
ty-eight years, and the Roman cycle of
fifteen years. The nearest date at
which all these cycles began together
was B. C. 4713. The present year is,
therefore, 6616* of the Julian epoch.
THREE SACRED RECKONINGS.
Many have suggested that the date
should be counted from the year of the
foundation of the world — or, rather,
from the time of Adam. Unfortunate
ly hardly any two authorities agree.
No fewer than 120 different epochs of
creation have been enumerated, which
range from 6934 B. C. to 3616 B. C. The
usual date taken is 4000 B. C, making
the present year Annus Mundi 5304.
Even the three sacred reckonings are
very different. The following table
makes clear the differences between the
Jewish, Samaritan and Septuagint reck
onings:
Jew- Samarl- Septua-
Period — ish. tan. gint.
Adam to Noah 1656 1307 2242
Noah to Abraham... 292 942 W2
Abraham to Christ.. 2O44 2M4 2<H4
Creation to Christ .. .3992 4293 B228
Present date 5896 6198 "132
None of these dates corresponds with
that at present used by the Jewish na
tion. The Jewish year 5664 began on
October 2, 1903. Accordlr_ to this
creation was 3760 B. C. Curiously
enough, the Freemasons use similar
chronology, but : put the creation 4000
B. C. Up to the fifteenth century of
our era the Jews used the Macedonian
era, which dates from 311 B. C. Somes
of the Arabians still do so.
The tieater part of the Eastern
world Is, however, Mohammedan, and
their era is that of the Hegira. This
began A. D. 622. In th..t year Mo
hammed fled from Mecca to Tathreb,
afterward called Medina, and there
was received as a prophet and a prince.
The era of the Hegira dates from July
16, 622, but, owing to differences be
t een Mohammedan and Christian
reckoning, the Mohammedan year 1321
commences on April 10 of the present
year. The Mohammedan year being
strictly a lunar one, their calendar has
to be adjusted from time io time. They,
therefore, use cycles of thirty years, of
which nineteen have 354 days end the
other eleven 355 days each.
The Hindu chronology, as well as
that of all the other Buddhists in the
Eastern world, is fixed, like that, of the
Mohammedans, from the date -? their
great founder Buddha. 'This era com
n.ences B. C. 543. The present .ear is,
therefore, 2447 with i the Buddhist
world.
WHAT EXCAVATION PROVED.
The oldest epochs of accurate
chronology are those of the Chinese
and the Babylonians. Thi3 is because
these two nations were the first to at
tain any accurate knowledge of astron
omy. Fairly accurate chronology in
Babylonia begins with the reign of
Sargon I, King of Agade, 3800 B. C.
About 554 B. C. there was dug up at
Sippara the foundation stones of a
temple to the sun god. The finder of
the stone was Nabonldas, King of
Babylon, and he has put it on record
that Naram Sin reigned 3200 years
before his time.
In 1862 Sir Henry Rawlinson dug
up the famous Assyrian Eponyn
Canon, which fixes definitely chrono
logy of Assyria from 1330 B. C. to 620
B- C. Russia is the only European
country besides Turkey whose calendar
differs from ours. But the difference
Is not a matter of years — only of days.
It 'exists because Russia uses the old
style instead of the new. The old
style calendar is that inaugurated by
Julius Caesar In B. C. 47. By it the
year was taken as being 3 6 3*4 days.
In order to work in the odd quarter,
every fourth year was made a leap
year. But the solar year being eleven
minutes twelve seconds less than 365U
days, the Julian calendar gradually
became inaccurate. An easy sum will
show that by A. D. 1582 the difference
amounted to ten days.
In that year Aloysius LlIIus, an Ital-
No European monarch stands more
on his dignity than does his Majesty
King George of Tonga. Surrounded by
all the formal etiquette and ceremonial
of a royal court, with military and of
ficial uniforms and a superabundance
of gold lace and nodding plumes, ho
naturally considers himself a personage
of some importance and as such en
titled to deference on the part of the
representatives of other powers, a fact
unintentionally overlooked by Captain
Choates and the officers of H. M. S.
Sparrow during some festivities at Nu
kualofa, the Tongan capital and prin
cipal seaport. The Tongan people are
exceedingly hospitable, as is the Ton
gan monarch, and when Hamilton
Hume, the British Consul, gave a se
ries of. evening dances and entertain
ments in celebration of the vessel's ar
rival the Invitations were eagerly ac
cepted by those to whom they were
addressed, and followed by numerous
presents and invitations to both the
officers and crew of the Sparrow, who
for several days had a somewhat lively
time of it. Of course, the compliment
had to be returned, and accordingly
the captain and officers of the Spar
row arranged for a dance on board
their vessel, which was brought along
side the landing wharf for that pur
pose. The deck was tastefully decor
ated with bunting and foliage and bril
liantly lighted by means of a dynamo.
The guests were punctual to time, but
Just as the dancing was about to begia
something went wrong with the dy
namo and the place became plunged
in darkness. There was plenty of oil
light in the fore part of the vessel, but
it was cut off by the decorations and
the screens put up for coaling on the
following day.
There was great consternation among
the guests, which was relieved by
Thomas Roberts, Assistant Collector of
Customs under the Tongan Govern
ment, and who was one of the guests,
suggesting that the light from the
lighthouse protecting the approach to
the wharf should be obtained for a
short time.
Captain Coates, it is asserted,
thought this a good idea and as the
Tongan official, who had charge of tho
key. could not be found one of the
staples in the door was drawn, tha
door opened and the hanging kerosene
lantern taken out for a short time to
replace the light that failed. The dy
namo was speedily put in working or
der and when this was accomplished
the lantern was taken back to the
lighthouse, the remainder of the even
ing passing off in a most pleasant
manner. The Tongan authorities did
not appear to have taken any notice
of the incident, but their silence was
merely the calm before the storm, for
a week later the unlucky Assistant
Collector of Customs received an of
ficial letter to the effect that his ser
vices under the Tongan Government
were no longer required and instruct
ing him to deliver up his keys to hia
successor. This was an unexpected
bolt from the blue. Captain Coatea
and his officers expressed great Indig
nation at the arbitrary action of the
Tongan Government and forwarded to
the King a letter, in which the cap
tain, after stating the facts of the case,
manfulry took all the responsibility on
his own shoulders and asked that tho
matter, might be reconsidered. Tho
King lost no time in replying, but tho
tone ' of his letter was anything but
favorable. He Justified the action of
his Government and stated that ha
gathered from the contents of the cap
tain's letter that it was Mr. Roberts
who had removed the lantern from
the lighthouse, which was an illegal
act. Captain Coates, in reply, said
that he regarded the King's attitudo
as unsatisfactory and thus the matter
ends for the present.
Accounts of the affair have been
forwarded by Captain Coates to his
senior officer, the captain of H. M. 3.
Pylades, to his Excellency the High
Commissioner at Fiji, and Hamilton
Hume, O. M. C. the British Consul in
Tonga. Mr. Macauley, harbor-rbaster
and receiving officer at the port, has
succeeded Mr. Roberts, his own placo
being taken by Mr. Denny, formerly
purser on board one of the large Aus
tralasian interstate vessels. According
to several leading Tongana, the whole
trouble might have been avoided had
an apology for removing the light
been forwarded to the authorities on
the morning following the dance. It
was neglect in this respect which
moved the ire of the Tongan King,
who regarded the action of Captain
Coatea as insulting, but at the same
time did not care to become involved
in a dispute with him. The Tongans
furthermore assert that in dismissing
Mr. Roberta the King's officers merely
did what those of any European power
would have done in similar circum
stances and that the British Govern
ment has no right to Interfere in tha
matter. — London Globe.
So far as can be recollected there
have been only three entertainments
given at the White House of an en
tirely Juvenile mark. These were the
fancy dress ball for children during
the administration of John Tyler, the
party given by the grandchildren of
President Johnson on Tuesday, the
28th day of December, that being the
sixtieth anniversary of the birth of
Mr. Johnson, and the recent chil
dren's festival given by President
Roosevelt. This is, of course, fresh in
every one's memory, the other two
being far away in niches of the past.
On a day of last week
ative of the Star was talking with that
venerable attache of the White House
staff. Doorkeeper Pendel, who has
been' on duty at the inner portals al
most "from that time when the mem
ory of man runnetty not to the con
trary," about the Johnson grandchil
dren's festival. | "There were not* so
many children present at that soiree,"
said the old official, "as at the recent
entertainment given by Mr. Roose
velt, but I think the crowd of boys and
girls numbered at least 400, and they
had the finest fun ever had before in
all their lives. "Of course, they have
all grown up to be men and women
now, for that delightful event hap
pened thirty-five years ago. The re
membrance of it I will venture to say
lingers in the mind of every child who
was present and who Is still on earth.
Alas!" he said, "several of them have
in the long lapse of time since then
passed into another world, and nearly
all of the elder folk who were present
are dead."
Mr. Pendel's two children, Frank and
Ida, were among the guests at this, fes
tival, and the Star reporter was shown
the souvenirs they, in common with all
the children, were given before the par
ty ended. They were beautiful little
designs imported from France, and
each contained a bonbon of some de
scription. One of them was a miniature
sailor's hat of the style worn by young
ladies in that period, while the other
was /a pretty rosette. They had been
carefully inclosed in a box and were in
a remarkable condition of preservation.
Danced In East Room.
The carpet in i the great East room
had been covered with some sort of
linen crash for the children to dance
on, and this they did to their hearts'
content. The dancing arrangements
were under the management of Pro
fessors Marinl and Bates, who prepared
the following programme: Promenade,
quadrille, polka, lancers and gallop.
Then followed an intermission, after
which the young . masters and -misses,
refreshed and reinvigorated by the de
lights of the repast that characterized
the intermission, happily and hastily
lined up to again trip the "light fan
tastic toe" as directed In the "second
part of the dancing card. This began
with a waltz and was followed in the
order named by the basket, esmerald,
varsovienne, lancers, polka-redowa and
galop.
"The promenade," said Mr. Pendel,
"was really a beautiful scene, and the
quadrille which followed it was abso
lutely grand. All the children present
joined in it, and the elder folks, a great
many of whom were present, looked on
with rapture at the eyolutions of the
little ones." - •
The Grand Collation.
There was a. grand collation served
in the State dining-room, which was
prepared by the old-time confectioner,
Joseph H. Shaffleld. and this, said Mr.
Pendel, attracted 1 much more attention
from the grown folks than it did from
the little ones, whose heads and hearts
were turned with dancing and merry
making generally. "There were a num
ber of newspaper men present," con
tinued j the old gentleman, "and they
were taken in charge by those two
magnificent men, the late Colonel Wil
liam G. Moore and the late W. W.
Worden, both of the President's staff
of secretaries. They took the reporters
down In the basement somewhere. - I
don't know how they treated them
when they got them off by ' them
selves." he continued, "but they kept
them dewn below for a long time."
At this long-gone-by festival, which
was called "Andy Johnson's" party,
because it was given by his grandchil
dren in honor of his birthday, one fea
ture attracted much attention. That
was the appearance of Mrs. Johnson,
the wife of the President, who was an
invalid, and this was her third appear
ance at a public reception during the
entire term of her husband's rather
stormy administration of the Presi
dent's office. The affair was also dig
nified by the presence of many foreign
ministers, the members of the Cabinet.
Senators and members of Congress and
numerous private . citizens.-AVashing
ton Star.
"Did you ever know what became of
Minister Chang, who represented China
here during Cleveland's administra
tion?" asked a well-known resident of
a Star reporter the other day. "No?
Well, his career was a very unusual
one. You remember, doubtless, that he
resided in Stewart Castle, fronting on
Dupont Circle, and his prodigal hospi
tality broke the record. He save en
tertainments on the most lavish scale,
and invited hundreds of people, some of
whom fairly wallowed in champagne.
Tried to Modernize China.
"Chang was a very able man, and
made many friends In this and other
countries to which he was accredited.
He had very_ progressive ideas about
the future China, and when he was re
called he carried with him a firm de
termination to put -them in force. He
became one of the intimate advisers of
the Emperor, and was one of that little
band of Chinese statesmen who en
deavored to modernize China in the
nineties, and who were making very
good progress until the Empress Dow
ager assumed control and took all
authority from the Emperor and made
only a dummy of him. In order to do
that she had to get rid of these liberals,
who had held such influence over him.
This she did by condemning all of them
to death. Chang was among the num
ber condemned to be beheaded. Before
the sentence was executed an effort was
made to save him and it was success
ful.
"It came about in this way:
"Mr. John W. Foster, who knows
China and the Chinese better than any
other man in this country, and who was
a personal friend of Chang, decided to
save his life, If possible. He called on
Secretary Hay and placed the facts in
the case before him, and asked him to
use his good offices in Chang's behalf
and to ask the British Government to
Join in the good work. Mr. Hay readily
agreed to do so, and both the American
and British representatives at Peking
were at once directed to ask a com
mutation of sentence as a favor to their
governments.
Ufe Saved Once.
"Their efforts were successful and
Chang's life was saved, but he was
banished for life. He wouldn't have
asked anything better than to live in
one of the western countries that he ad
mired so much, but that, of course, was
not allowed. He was sent two or three
thousand miles into the province of
Mongolia, and he was sentenced to
hard labor for life. He had to make the
trip In a crude Oriental cart, and it
took him a long time to reach his des
tination. He was always fond of good
living, and succeeded in gaining'per
mission to take his cook, a good one,
with him.
"The present Chinese Embassador
was at that time Chang's secretary, and
he vyas allowed, to accompany his mas
ter part of the way. The Governor of
Mongolia, whose duty it was to see
jthat Chang'a sentence was carried out,
had at one time a protege of
Chang, fortunately, and he saw to it
that Chang was not compelled to labor.
That much of his severe sentence was
not carried out. But there he was in
that distant province cut off from rela
tives and friends, living the life of an
outcast.
Final Execution.
"Then came the uprising of the Box
ers, and the conservative element
gained absolute control at Peking.
Chang's enemies used their influence
with the Empress Dowager to secure
the execution of Chang's original sen
tence. A secret messenger was dis
patched to Mongolia, and on his ar
rival Chang was promptly beheaded.
It was very unfortunate for China, for
Chang's advice would have been inval
uable in the unsettled affairs at Peking
which 7 followed.
"Now, here's the sequel to the story:
Not a great while ago Mr. Poster re
ceived a pitiful letter from a young
son of Chang, telling him that hl3
father's property had been confiscated
and the family name had, been de
graded. He begged Mr. Foster to use
his influence to have his father's good
name restored, so that his descendants
would not be disgraced forever. Mr.
Foster was touched by the appeal. He
promptly called upon Secretary Hay,
told him the story and asked his as
sistance. It was promptly given, and
his efforts proved successful. Chang's
good name was restored, and I think
some," if not all, of his estate was re
turned to his family. Curious country,
that China, isn't it?" — Washington
Star.
Unauthorized Taking of Beacon
to Furnish Illumination at a
Dance Leads to Rupture
Why the Ten Days Be
tween October 5 and 15,
1582, Were Dropped Out
President Andrew Johnson's
Grandchildren Played the
Host With Great Success
Became Too Progressive for
His Colleagues at Home
and Finally Fell a Victim
CHILDREN WERE GUESTS
LAMP IS CAUSE OF ROW
CORRECTIONS OF CALENDAR
LIVED AT STEWAET CASTLE
South Sea Monarch 3Iakes
Objection to Unlawful Act
of a British Naval Officer
The Once Popular Minister
From China to United
States Is Well Kemembered
Remarkable One Which Was
Given at the White House
Some Thirty Five Years Ago
Our New ' Year Made Its Ap
pearance This Time . Too
Early by Twenty-Six Seconds
MUST REVISE
OUR RECKONING
PARTIES GIVEN
IN OLDEN TIMES
KING OF TONGA
RESENTS INSULT
FAMOUS HOST
WAS CHANG
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL,; SUNDAY, MARGH- 13. 1904.
The Indefatigable Kaiser.
Thirtyrthree changes in the uniforms
of the German army, especially those
of' the 'officer^, have been ordered by
the Kaiser within the last few years,
the thirty-third being an order to
wear shoulder straps on the cloak as
well as on the uniform. The papers
announce that a thirty-fourth change
will soon be. ordered, but : what it will
be is as yet unknown. The expense in
volved by these many changes (most
of- them absolutely useless) is estimat
ed at $3,750,000 by , a member of the
Reichstag, who- will have a word to
say about it when the War Office sub
mits its estimates.— New York Globe.
ian astronomer, suggested to Pope
Gregory XIII that the mistake should
be rectified. The Gregorian calendar
was drawn up. The ten days between
October 5 and 15, 1582, were th'opped,
and it was ordained that the central
years should be leap years only once in
four centuries. That is why 1900 was
not a leap year. The last year of the
present century, however, will be a
leap year. It may be news to some
that even the Gregorian calendar Is not
perfect. There is an error of twenty
amounts to one day in 3323 years. Thig
six, seconds in each year, whlcn
country adopted the new style in 1752,
170 years after its Institution.— London
Answer..
46
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
WANTED — Board and rooms for husband and
wife in a private family in the country, i
close to city on car line; small counrry
home preferred, where, they have their own
fruit orchard chicken*, cows, etc^- itate ac-
commodaticng and rates. Pox 2839. Call.
wTNTED — Board and room In refined private-
family by single gentleman; civil engineer;
"refer no other boarders; comforts of home
In preference to luxury: references given.
Address box 4395, Call office.
WANTED — In refined American family resid-
ing In Berkeley, board for boy of 12; state
tern-.* and tuil particulars; references. Box
SO. 1O0S Market et.
REFINED younr man. Southerner, desires
room and board with Christian family in
city; reference*. Box 437B, Call office.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTErJ — By lady with maid, no children.
4 or 5 unfurnished rooms in vicinity cf Sut-
ter and Van Ncfk; Crst-clasa apartments;
best references. Box 43S2. Call office.
PALJIItTllV.
A WONDER — Lela. the girl wonder; see her; ;
she Is a remarkably gifted girl; she can prove
it to vou: when only a child It was reve*led
to her; ehe is a*sisted by Vera. the Ken-
tucky marvel. The Oriental Parlors. 32o
K*>arny St., near Bush. German spoken.
MADAM PEVA8.
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBES
BUILDING. 139 POST ST.
MME. XEEHGARD, located at 242 Post; hours |
1 to 5 dally. Phone Jamei 1. Clafees.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
TayW St.. pear Geary. Phone Black t>61.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
Ladles'. Cb.lchester'e Esfllsh Pennyroyal Plll»
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
•tampa tor particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadelphia, Pa.
THE "Ncntsandin" machine for hollow cement- j
concrete blocks. H. L. LOVE. 640 Market st. |
LADIES, Fend your addrecs to 1126 Market St..
E. T.. valuable information: room 2.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; r.ew methods: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlncham. 204 Sutter st.
STORAG1? AND W A RE HOI'S ES^
A^EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard «t. nr. Third; phoae Grant 161.
PI£RCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell stt.: tel. Prlv. Ex. 571. !
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan- i
dine. S.{-"5 Golden Gate ave. ; Phone East 128. j
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840 j
Mission St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Mov'n«r Com- {
pany. Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1. j
BTKINS Van ac4 Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery j
gt.: tel. Main 1S40 Shipping at cut rates.
" TVPEWniTERS AXD SUPPLIES^
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1 |
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at j
higher and lower prices; rentals {2 50. The
Typewritir-g Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW rood typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars cf L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery et. I
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired. !
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market. ;
STrTTERIXG AXD STAMMERING.
THE MELBOURNE SCHOOL for the cure of \
stuttering and stammering, corner Van Ne*s .
ave. and Market st., S. F., has been estab-
Usbed in this city fcr 3 years and shall con- ]
tinue. for it is founded on true merit and haa ]
the commendation of reputable physicians j
everywhere. It teaches a superior system j
and challenges results. No wholesale class
work, but C hours' individual teaching daily. :
reducing nervous obstruction to speech and
leading to thorough control. Within reach .
of alt- !
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Joseph S. FitrgeraJd, 24, 512 Jones street, ,
and E!eancr Hoyt. 19. 1661 Bush.
Georpe R. Hansen. 2*. 115 Grove street, and '
Grace L. Waltrep. 22. 225 Franklin.
Gu«af A. Stromberg, 37. 114** Silver street, j
and Emma C. Esterberg. 24. 60JA Minna.
Salvatore Prioio. 21. 710 Bryant street, and :
Saverla Sabatino. 19, 619 Union.
William M. Thompson, 41, 113 Stockton !
street, and Mary L. Wade, 35, 462 Eddy.
John L. Fulton. 3S, city, and Flora A. Har-
clson. SS. city.
John Wais, 32. 2C«6 Steuart street, and Liziie i
KplhaU. 27, 420 Fourth.
Ne'.i Person. SS. 858 Potrero avenue, and !
Clara Thompson. 18, 1124 De Haro street.
Vincent Mendora, 21, 35 Belcher street, and
Francis J. Reynolds, 16. C5 Belcher.
Peter Boitano, 25, 800 Seventh Ftreet, and i
Angelica Trabucchl, 23, S00 Seventh.
Alfred Buekland, 22, Fresno, and Thyra \
Rasmussen. «^0, Fresno.
Samuel H. Evans, 30, 728 Broadway, and
Nor.ie Canty. 29. city.
EIBTHS—MARBIA6ES— DEATHS
Birth, rr.arrlase and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the rublicatloa offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence, of per-
aens authorized to have the came published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
fre« of charge. _____
DOR.V.
BLOOM— In this city. March 11, 1904, to the
wife of Sol Bloom, a scn.»
BOHR— In this city. March 5, 1904. to the
wife of Phil Bohr <nee Morris), a daughter, j
COGLET— In this city. March 9, 1904, to the
wife of M. D. Cofrley, a daughter.
EBNER— In this city. March 6, 1904. to the
wife of G. W. Ebner. twin sons.
KHRENBERG — In this city, to the wife of
L. Ehrenberg, a daughter.
LEWIN— In Alameda. Cal., March 3, 1904, to
the wife cf Robert A. Lewin, a daughter.
LOWNEY— In this city, March 8. 1904, to the
wife of D. D. Lowney, a daughter.
MUEGGE — In this city. March 10, 1904, to the j
wife of R. E. Muegge, a son. :
PREECE— In this city, March 10. 1904, to the !
wife ot William H. Preece. a daughter.
SKUCE— In this city, February 23, 1904. to I
the wife of ( Frank J. Skuce, a daughter.
THONEY— In this city, March 1, 1904, to the I
wife of Charles H. Thoney, a eon. ;
ZINKAND — In this city, February 16. 1904, to
the wife of Charles A. Zlnkand. a daughter.
— _— — — __
AST— BEHRMAN— In Ean Rafael. February
7. 11*04. by the Rev. E. Ulricb, William As! •
and Lulu Behrman, both of San Francisco.
CASE— ABBOTT— In thi« city, March 10 1904
by the Rev. John Stephens. Howard P Case
of Brooklyn, N. Y., and Florence M Ab- '
bott of Stent. Cal. • j
MEYER— O'BRIEN— In this city, February 16 i
1904. by the Rev. Father John L. Colline of
St. Josephs Church. William C. Meyer and
Annie O'Brien.
W^. v^. R ~f ILUER - In tni " <=<tr. March 5. i
1904 by the Rev. William Rader. Hammond !
ln^?!lf K Jr of thl * city and Constance
Fllmex of Sacramento.
W 1 I ? > ET J : S L P CD ~' R ' IESE — In thl » cit y. March
12 1904. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. John
V\esterlund and Wilhelmina Wlese
W1LSHTJSFN— HENDERSON— In this citv
March £ 1904. by the Rev. J. 1 ",,.
Henry W Uehusen and Annie Henderson.
~ DIED.
Beebee. Georgian* Kaneen. William L.
Brooke, Patrick Kehoe. Lawrence
Brown. Martha Kldd. William H
Carter. Catherine E. Kllpsteln. Wm. E. E.
Cbriirten»en. Hana Loughnane, James
Currie. frank P. Mclnerney. Hannah
Dunn, Ailea I_ Read, Charles
Fennessey. E. J. Rodger*. Frank L
Greene, Danisl Ruef, Albert R
Grote. Frank C. R y » n . Thomas E.
laggl. Emlle Ryan, Angela C.
Johnson. \\ m. Leelie Trieber, Rose
Jovanovich. Stane
BEEBEE — In Oakland. Cal., March Jl i«vu
Mrs. Oorsriana L. Beebee. beloved mother
of Mrs. Henry A. Butters and Mrs. GeorKlana
L. Scheli. a native of New York City ace.i
83 year* 11 months and 16 days. <Ea«'ern
papers i>lea*e copy.)
BROOKS— At Colma. Cal.. March 12. I9C4
Patrick Brooks, beloved hubband of the i-tA
Bridget Brooks, father of Mn. Whelan and
Mrs. Thomas Spellman. and brother of John
Brooks, a native of Ireland, aged 84 years
BROWN— In this city, March 12, 1901, Martha
beloved wife of James Brown, and mother of
M&bet Brown, a native ofV^orwsy, aeed 'ii
yearn 8 months and 12 <Uye. l
CARTER— In Oakland, Cal., March 12 1904
at ei« Fifteenth etreei. Catherine E. Carter'
widow of George A. Carter, a native of
Honolulu, aged 63 years.
CTFrienda are invited to attend the
funeral services to-morrow {Monday), at 2 '3<)
o'clock, at her late home, tJH Flfteemh
¦street, Oakland.
CHRISTENSEN— In this city. March 10. 1904
Hans Christensen, a native of Denmark, aged
45 i> s rs. :
CTTRR1E — In' thl» city. March 10. 1904. Frank
Phillip, bekmed husband of Emma Currie,
lad luxher of Ida, Robert and Elmer Currie,
RYAN— In this city, March 11, 1904. Thomas
E., dearly beloved husband>of Mary C. Ryan,
and father of ', Margery, Edith, Cecily.
Thomas E. Jr. and Frances Ryan, ana
brother of John and Hannah Ryan, and son
of the late Edward and Margaret Ryan, a
native of San Francisco, aged 41 years.
CTFrlendu and acoualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
March 14. at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 409 Ashbury i street, thence to St.
Agnes' Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repoee of his soul,
commencing at 0:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
Stanford Parlor No. 70. N. S. G. W. —
Members are requested to assemble at. No.
4(9 Ashbury street to-morrow ( (Monday)
morning promptly at 9 o'clock to attend tht
funeraj of our late member, Thomas E. Ryan.
By order of the parlor.
JOSEPH W. HARDIMAN, President.
FRED H. JUNG, Secretary.
THE members of San Francisco Council No. 7,
Y. M. I., are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our deceased brother, Thomas E.
Ryan, from his late residence. 409 Ashbury
ftreet, Monday, at 9 o'clock.. By order of
M. T. REILLY,.Pres.
O. M. KELLT. Sec.
RYAN — An anniversary requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of An-
gela C. Ryan, wife of Daniel A. Ryan, on
Tuesday, March 15, 1904, at 9 o'clock, at
Holy Cross Church, Eddy and Devisadero
streets.
TRIEBER— Departed; in this city, March 11,
1904, Rose, beloved and devoted wife of J.
W. Trieber. beloved mother of Josephine,
Morris and Arnold Trieber, and beloved
Bister of Mrs. B. Cohen, Mrs. Tillle Morgen-
etern. Mrs. Dora Sldloski and Mrs. M.
Glaser. aged 40 year* and 11 months, a na'
tive of San Francisco.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 820 Mason street, between Pine
and California. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery by carriage.
and brother of Mrs. J. E. Markley a*nd Mrs.
C. Livingston, a native of California, aged
4S years a months and 10 days. A number-
of Golden Gate Catr.D No. 04, " • w.,
Mitslon Parlor No. 3S. N. S. G. W.; TemPlar
Lodge No. 17. I. O. O. F-. and Machinists
Union. •
i tCTKrlerids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Brrvlres
Sunday. March 13, at 1 o'clock, at Me-
morial Hall. Odd Fellows' Dulldlng. corner
Market and Seventh streets. Interment Cy-
press I -awn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets,
at 2 o'clock.
I DUNN— la this city, March 11. 1904. Allsa
Livingston, beloved daughter of P. Llvlng-
• Eton an<l EHtabeth Gieenham Dunn, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 10 months>
and 20 davs.
ETTunera! services Sunday, March 13, at
2 o'clock, at SS Frederick street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock
train from Third and Towneend streets.
FKNNESSEY — In this city. March 12, 1904,
i Edward J.. beloved husband of Delia Fen-
neFS*\v. devoted father of Eddie and Oene-
vieve" Fennessey, son of Edward and the^late
Johanna Fennessey, and brother of Nonie
and Willie Fennessey, Sieter Mary Stephanie
and Mr?. E. E. Kullene, a native of San
Francisco, aged 28 years 8 months and o
days. '
t7"Friend!« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Monday>. at 8:30 o'clock, from the- resi-
Jence of his father, 1318>£ Florida street,
between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-?ixth,
thence to St, Peter's Church, wh^re a boI-
emn »*quiem high mns>B will be celebrated
for the repoee of his soul, commencing at
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GREENE— In this city, March 10, 1904.
Daniel, beloved husband of Annie Greene, and
father of Daniel, Charles. Thomas, Annie
and Lizzie Greene and Mrs. Kate Delavan,
and grandfather of Mazle and Edward F.
Greene, a native of County Donegal, Ireland,
aped 73 years. A member of St. Patrick'e
Mutual Alliance.
(C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funpral Monday,
March 14. at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 904 Greenwich street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the reDose of
his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cros3 Cemetery.
St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance Associa-
tion of California — The Funeral Committee
¦will meet at »O4 Greenwich street on Mon-
day morning, March 14, at 9 o'clock, to ten-
der our last tribute of respect to our de-
ceased brother, Daniel Greene, thence to St.
Francis iChurch. All members are invited
to attend.
THOMAS F. McGRATH, President.
T. E. GIBBONS. Cor., Sec.
GROTE — In this city. March 10. 1904. Frank
C. Grote. dearly beloved son of Mrs. and
the late Henry F. Grote, and •beloved
brother of Mrs. C. A. Hill, Mrs. W. F.
Donnelly and Fred J. and the late Sophie
A. Grote, a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years and 3 months.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March 13. at 12:.'tO o'clock, from 1636 Golden
Gats avenue, thence to Holy Cross Church
for services at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. A requiem high mass will
be celebrated at Holy Cross Church on Mon-
day. March 14. at 9:30 o'clock.
IAGGI— In tills city, March 10, 1904 Emlle
Ia£Ri. beloved husband . of Mary Iaggi, and
father of Julius Iaeci, a native of Switzer-
land, aced 37 years 11 months and 9 days.
GTThe funeral will take place to-day
?Sunday) at 1 o'clock, 1 from the t>«rlors o£
Craig, Coehran & Co., 429 Golden Gate ave-
nue, under the auspices of Court Eclipse No.
14, F. of A. Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
ttery.
JOHNSON— In this city. March 12, 1904-, Wil-
liam Leslie, beloved son of Charles and Mary
Johnson, and brother of Lawrence and Carl
Johnson, a native of Santa Monica, Cal., aged
ti years and 5 months.
JOVANOVICH— In Fresno, March 9, 1904,
Stane Jovanovlch. dearly beloved wife of '.E.
R. Jovanovich. and mother of Olga and
Stane Jovanovich, and sister of Samuel and
Marco Zenovich and Mrs. S. Dragomano-
vich, a native of Castel-Lastua, Austria, aged
25 years 1 month and 2 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March 13, at 12 o'clock, from 160 Noe street,
thence to the Russian Church. Interment
Servian Cemetery.
KANEEN— In San Rafael, Cal.. March* 12,
19(4. William Llewellyn Kaneen, beloved
son of John S. and Julia A. Kaneen, and
brother of Shelton C, Perclval K., Charles
S., Maud Stella and Edward J. S. Kaneen
and Mrs. George A. Morgan, Mrs. Fred
Smith, Mrs. William Stroud and Mrs. George
W. Turner, a native of Virginia City, Nev.
• <Los Angeles and Virginia City papers please
copy.)
C7 Funeral and interment private. Pleaae
omit flowers.
KEHOE— In Oakland. Cal.. March 11, 1904,
Lawrence, biloved husband of Annie Kehoe,
and devoted father of Mary B., Louise M.,
Christopher C. and Margaret E. Kehoe, a
native of County KUdare, Ireland, aged 01
years 11 months and 15 days. A member of
Oakland Camp No. 94, W. O. W. Members
please take notice.
(ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. S59 Twentieth street, thence to
St- Frances de Sales Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
KIDD — In thla city, March 10, 1904, William
H. Kidd. beloved husband of Sarah L. Kldd,
and father of Georgre V. Kidd of San Diego
and Elmore Kldd, and grandfather of Vera
C. and Joseph W. Kldd of San Diego, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged «» years 9 months and 28
days. (Ohio and San Diego papers please !
copy.) |
CTFricnds and acquaintances are respect- ]
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Pythian Castle,
00» Market meet, where services will • be
held under the auspices of Golden City Lodge
No. 03, K. of P. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, via electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero etreets. Remains
at his late residence, 721 Shotwell street.
KLIPSTEIN— In this city. March 10. 1904
William E. E., beloved husband of Mary E.
Kllpsteln, father of Edith M. and Mary E
Kllpsteln, stepfather of Catherine R. McGln-
ness, eoa of Dr. Matilda T. Kllpstein and
the late Ernest W. KIlDstein, and brother
of Robert E. F. and Matilda E. Kllpsteln
Mrs. Minnie K. Spexarth and Mrs. May K.
McCammon. a native of Des Molnes, Iowa
aged 29 yeans 7 months and 2S days. A
member of Osceola Tribe No. 71. Improved
Order of Red Men, and Brotherhood of
Teamsters No. S3. (San Jcse, Cal.; Des
Moines, Iowa, and St. Louis papers please
copy.)
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from Pythian Castle
!KW Market street, where services will be
held under the auspices of Osceola Tribe No
71. Imsroved Order of Red Men. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Remains at the
parlors of the United Undertakers. 80C Mla-
elon street, between Fourth and Fifth.
LOUGHNANE— In this city. March 12 1904
James, beloved father of Joseph, Harry and
Helen Loughnane, a native of County Tip-
perary. Ireland, aged 72 years.
E7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 026 Oak street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his '
«>ul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McINERNET — In this city, March II, 1904
Hannah B., beloved daughter of Michael j'
and Delia Mclnerney, and sister of John'
Katie. Theresa. James and Eileen Mclnerl
' ney, a native of Ean Francisco, aged 12 years
3 months and 17 days.
READ— In this city, March 11. 1904, Charles
Read, dearly beloved eon of Charles and
Mary Read, and brother of George W , Jen-
nie L., Edward, May and Frank Read a
native of ?an Francisco.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), from his late residence. 1908
Stockton street, thence to St. Francis Church.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. On Tues-
day. March 15. at 9 o'clock, there will be
a reauiem mass at St. Francis Church for
the rf-Done of his soul.
RODGERS— In Shanghai, February 12 1904
Frank L. Rodgers, formerly of San Fran-
cisco, aged 33 yeare.
RUEF— In thl* city, March IL 1904. Alfred
Robert, beloved son of Emma and George
Ruef. brother of Georgia Ruef. and grand-
son of U. and L. Hahn and Mrs. M. Ruef
a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged 8 years
7 months and 9 days.
CTFrknds and acquaintances are respect-
fullr invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother. 65(1 Ellis street, near Van
Ness avenue. Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
etery ¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
ifcuccessot k to Flannagan & Gallagher 1
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M*t
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth «t.. opoelte Lincoln School.
•'.'-• ' Telephone South 80. ••
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers— —
Formerly in Metropolitan Temnle
NOW at 800 MISSION, Tel. South 187
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth iL
Finest Equipment! at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
—Funeral Directors and Embalmers——
2H Eddy St.: Tel. South 676. ¦'¦
F. J. Monahan. Manager. TeL Mission 3L
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission at., near Nineteenth.
San Francisco. .Plcks Up Old Anchor.
The.-bs4-k Olympic. Captain Evans, which
arrived yesterday from Kaanapol I, anchored,
while awaiting the quarantine Inspection, be-
Colorado will exhibit potatoes at the
world's fair of monstrous proportions.
The commission has 500 tubers that
/ipfrrejsate a ton In weight. The heav
iest weljrhs ten pounds and the light
est three and .a ! pounds.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and HelRht of High and Low Waters
at Kort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th*
Superintendent.
NOTE — The hlsh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlsslon-Mreet wharf) about "b
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, MARCH 13. ',]
Sun rises t. .....C:24
Sun sets 0:15
Moon rises : 4:14 a. m.
t) Tlmcl ¦..-¦ ITlaiel Tlmel ~ Tlmel
p Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
---< L W| |H W| L W| H v?\
13 2:55 2.8 9:03 5.0 3:32 0.4110:23 4^7
14 3:38 .-2.5 0:30 -5.0 4:0(5 ' (l.5!U:C0 4.f>
15 4:17 2.2 10:30 5.0 4:33 0.6111:27 5.0
18 4:82 2.011:09 4.9 5:11 - o.s n :51 5.0
17 5:2G 1.611:45 4.0 5:42 1.2.....
1H.WI . ¦ L W ¦.;.*• H W -. £,7w e. '¦
18 0:14 r..Oj 6:021 1.4!12:84] 4.7 C:12 IS
10 0:36 S.O 6:42| l.lj 1:05 4.7 6:44| lie
NOTE— In the above exposition of the' tides
the early morning tides are given In the lcrt
hand ' column and . the ; successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time coruron gives the last tide of the
day.' except when. there are bul three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to tho soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts,- except when a minus {, — )
Ernest Legouve. who recently cele
brated his ninety-seventh birthday,
was asked to what he attributed his
long life and good 1 health. "No cares,
no ennui, no sorrows — that's one rea
son of my good health," he replied.
"But that is not enough. The body
must be kept elastic, and for that rea
son we must walk, play billiards, and,
above all, fence. For me, fencing is
the ideal exercise."
Steamer. j For. | f Sails.
Cottage City,. Skasway & Way Ports. |Mar. 11
Dora......... Dutch Harbor v. .Valdez Mar. 15
Santa Ana.... Valdez & Way Porta.. Mar/16
DiriffJ • Skagway & W»y Ports. Mar. 17
Humboldt:... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 18
J. Dollar..... VaJde* & Reward Mar. 20
Alkl. ......... Skagway &. Way Ports. Mar. 20
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 23
,, Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc . Office, U. S. JC., Mer
chants' Exchange, San - Francisco. Cal.,
March 12. ,01004. ¦ ¦ ¦ ~ • •
The Time Ball. on the tower of tha S"erry
building was dropped 'exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at .noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
FROM : SEATTLE.
Moldy Flour Makes Poor Bread.
The crew of the Norwegian bark Theodor
have made complaint to Norwegian Consul
Henry Lund of the duality of the flour served
durin" the voyage just ended. The Consul
found that the ship's flour had- turned moldy
two wecUs before Che vessel arrived here and
that the bread made from , this tainted flour
was probably not up to the standard demand
ed by the human rialate. He exonerated the
captain of responsibility, however, accepting
the excuse that the Theodor's voyage . was*
much longer than the owners had any reason
to expect or make provision for, • and that
there was an ample supply of other whole
some food, on board.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Discovered Source of Life.
"I have discovered the source of
life!"
The new professor, who had only
been drawing a salary for three days
in the great university, flourished in
hl3 hand a quart bottle of protoplasm
as he spoke, standing upon the thres
hold oi the president's office.
That gentleman frowned.
"If that's the best you can do." he
observed, "I'm afraid you'll lose your
job."
_ "But, my dear sir." remonstrated the
new professor, "is It nothing: to discov
er the source of life?"
And the president smiled sarcastical
ly as he replied:
"Absolutely nothing, .sir. in these
days. Why, only this week the source
o£ life has been dinscovered four times
without attracting absolutely any at
tention at all from the papers. • Young
man, unless you can discover some
thing new and startling enough to ad
vertise this college in %he proper man
ner. I warn you that your . days are
numbered." — Life.
Close l'*ini*>l» to Long Race.
The barkcntlnes Irmgard, Captain Schmidt,
and S. N'. Castle. Captain Nelson, were towed
out of Honolulu together seventeen days r;eo.
Before leaving the island port each Bklpper
had deposited a little pile ot coin with a
stakeholder, who was authorized to remit the
amount of the two piles to the captain of the
shji that reached Ban Francisco first. The
vessels were towed out together, they set nail
elmultancously and heeled over to the breeze
In unison and yesterday afternoon two specks
seen en the horizon by Merchants' Exchange
Observer John Hyslop developed Into the pair
of racing windjammers still In close company
and both burled under towering piles of can
vas. There was only one tug outside the
heads and Captain Schmidt of the Irmgard se
cured its services and wns anchored In the
quarantine grounds when the Castle dropped
her mudhook a few hour* later.
Steamer" Sails.| Pier.
Maxell 13.
G W Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
s'Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
March 14.
Spokane.:.. Humbo'.dt .'. 1:30 p Pier 0
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 0 pm Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Coronado... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
March 15.
C. Llndauer Orays Harbor -2 pm Pier —
Arcata Coos 15. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
March 16..
Coos Bay... Sa:i Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Pugft Sound Ports. 11 am Pier J tt
March 17.
Pomona.... Humboldt itSOpPier 0
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
March 18. |
Marlposa.. Tahiti direct 11 am|Pler 7
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
March. 19. >
San Juan... N. V. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Newburg... Grays Harbor. .-. ...I 4 pm Pier. 10
' March 20. I
Bor-lu N'ewptrt £ Way.. 0 am Pi«r 11
March 21.
Cmatllla... Pus" ?ound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
./ March 22. I
Aeani* • Seattle & Tacoma. 110 anf Pltr 20
i ZXarefc 23. I -
/Nevadan... Hono . & Kahulul. 11 amjPler 7
Siberia..... China & Japan... . 1 prn|Pler 40
March 34. > \ | .
Sonoma.... Sydney & -"Way... 2 pra|Pier 7
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom! 4 pmlPlw 10
• . March 25.
Anubis. Hamburg & Way..[ 2 pm|Pler 10
TO SAIL.
Crew of Counterfeit Sailors.
As a result of the scarcity of sailors at this
port some of the crews being ehipped on deep
water vessels are of questionable quality.
When he can the Ehipping master secures
"Bailors" to suppiy the demand, but when the
supply of seamen fails the resourceful broker
chins anything human that resembles an able
bodied man. Th*«e Inexperienced substitutes
or counterfeit sailors are known In sailor
dcallng circles as "stiffs." The British ship
Iredale. in the stream and ready for sea, re
cently shipped a crew of ten. An attempt to
bend sail revealed the fact that of the ten
men shipped as sailors there was hardly one
Sat would or could go aloft. They were all
•ttlffs." Captain Prarce refuses to go to
sea with an Imitation crew and the vessel's
sailing has been postponed until the shipping
master agree* to take back his useVess wares
and replace them with seamen.
Importance of Foreign Languages.
Sir Howard Vincent, from the appro
priate atmosphere of Cannes, discusses
in the London Times the relative im
portance of foreign languages. To Ger
man he gives a very low place, indeed:
"French, it seems to me, comes easily
first. It is the international language,
the language always employed in any
mixed gathering of civilized peoples,
the language of diplomacy, of light lit
erature.
"After that, for the English commer
cial student, Spanish takes a leading
place with its millions of speakers in
the Peninsula and in South America.
Next I should place Arabic, as the
foundation of all communication in
Turkey, Egypt, Northern Africa, Ara
bia and Persia, ivith their vast marts
of the present and future. Russian has
brought me personally more interest,
and, indeed, profit, than any other
study with its 120,000,000 of speakers,
with whom every year we must be
more and more in contact. Chinese is
a fortune in itself, but its acquisition is
beyond the power of most people. A
knowledge of Italian is a keen delight,
and it is also useful. Modern Greek
and Dutch are also valuable, and in
proportion as they are little known by
foreigners. :•'
"But where, then, does German, in
my humble opinion, come in? By rea
son of the extraordinary linguistic
power of the Germans, far from the
top of the list for_an English commer
cial student not" contemplating resi
dence in Germany.
"German opens to the student the
deepest of literatures. But outside the
German empire and Austria, knowl
edge of German is not of much use, and
within those frontiers nearly all im
portant business people can speak and
correspond In English."
Steamship Peru Sails.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship Peru
sailed yesterday for Panama and way ports
with S30O tons of freight and a full comple
ment of passengers. The cargo Included 1541
barrels of California wine and 250 tons of
lead. Amonc the passengers was Dr. J. L..
Lloyd of the United States Marine Hospital
«ervice Dr Lloyd Is attached to the local
Federal quarantine station and is going as
far south as Callao to make personal investi
gation of health conditions in southern ports.
F G Hammer, who is on the Peru. Is going
tj Panama representing a number of American
commission firmg anxioua to establish trade
relations with the new republic. Ramon Arias
Feraud the Consul for Panama at this port,
also was a passencer. The Consul Is accom-
P8 The d Peru 1 ! passengers Included seventeen
Chinese; thirty-three steerage and the follow
ns nam Sc ; h]cibach Leonard Coates, wife and
twr.' children F. G. Hammer, H. E. Turney,
Robert S. Wage, wife and two children; R.
AriiY Feraud and wife. Dr. B. J. Lloyd (M.
H S ) G P lloetchel. Juan Brim, A. L.
Jeffrey.' C. E. Thorp and H. Slckels.
Steamer. J From. • j !""•_
Missouri Hakodate • Mar. 13
NorthFork... Humboldt gT^g
Wye field Nanalmo M" r - J»
OtyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports. . . . Mar. 3
S. Barbara... Kan Pedro Mar. 1..
l^oia Wlllapa Harbor Mar. 13
Arcata ..... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. U
C«» Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Mar. W
v^fncir.v.v Ic'aXVTacoma:::::: Mfr r : g
Sonoma! Sydney & Way Porta.. Mar. U
Coronado Grays Harbor Mar. 14
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Mar. IS
bta eofCal.. Sin Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 15
Oregon Portland. & A»toria.... Mar. 15
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 15
RedondC....... Portland & Astoria.... Mar. 1«
AUiance 0 . . . . . Portland & Way Port*. Mar. 6
Fureka Humboldt |Mar. 1^
r'olon ... . . . New York via Panama. JMar. 7
UmauVla..... Puget Sound Ports.... Mar. 7
N.wburg Grays Harbor Mar. 17
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports Mar. 17
Pa°n!l RoVa." San t.ego i Way Pts. Mar. 17
He" P . .." Oyster -aHrbor Mar. 18
","kane Humboldt ¦ Mar. 18
$BMm §a§. -«"-•-" P- ¦
Ccntralia.... Grays Harbor Mar. .1
Palnicr Settle & Whatcom... Mar. 21
Senalor...... Puget Sound Ports. .. .Mar. 22
Cort i c China & Jaoan Mar. 22
rnv Svdney.. New York via Panama-. |Mar. 23
gentenngl^. Seattle & Tacoma 1 Mar. 25
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Shipping- Intelligence.
ARRIVED. ;
Saturday. March 12.
U S stmr Daniel Manning. Tuttle, 4>i days ;
from Seattle. \
V S stmr Adams, Fox, 3 days from San
Dlero. I
Stmr San Juan. Urry, 23 days 17 hours from }
Panama, via Mazatlan 0 days IS hours. :
Stmr Q. C. Ltndauer. Allen, 112 hours from J
Portland, via Astoria 100 hours.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen. 50 hoars from
San Pedro. . . i
Stmr Eureka, Jesaen, 24 hours from Eu- ;
reka.
Bark Olympic. Evan*. 14 days from Kaan
apali.
Bktn Irmgrard, Schmidt, 10 days from Hono
lulu.
Bktn S. N. Cafltle, N'llson, 18 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Ida A, Campbell. 6 hours from Point '
Reyes. !
CLEARED.
Saturday. March 12.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell, Honolulu. J. D.
Sprcckels & Bros. Co.
Stmr G. \V. Elder, Randall, Astoria. O R ,
& N Co. !
Ship Falls of Clyde. Matson, Hilo. J. D. ;
Spreckels & Brcs. Co.
Stmr Peru. Macklnnon, Panama, etc., P M
S S Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. March 12. -
U. S. Lightship No. 70. Keaneley, Station.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, Coos Bay.
Stmr Czarina, Johnson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Ellaabetb. Jensen. Coqullle River.
Stmr MIneola. Klrkwood. Tacema.
Stmr Alameda. Dowde'.l, Honolulu.
Ptmr Peru. iUcklnnon. Panama, etc.
' nr ship Clisie. Fassen, Port Townsend.
Schr K. I*. Jackson. Man*. Portland.
Schr Virginia. Nelson. Astoria.
Schr II. C." AV right, Nlelson, Mahukona.
Schr Jennie Stella. Hansen. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 12. 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind SW.: velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. j
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed in Mar 12— Br
bark Ventura, from Port Lo» Angeles: bark
Haydn Brown, from San Pedro, for Taroraa.
Arrived Mar 12— Br ship Lismorc. hence
Mar 3.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Mar 12— Stmr Al
cazar, from Point Arena: «tmr Olympic, from
Falrhaven.
Sailed Mar 12 — Ship Bangalore, for Hono
lulu; sehr Mabel Gale, for Astoria.
Sailed Mar 12 — Schr Endeavor,- for Port
Totvnsend; echr.Dora Bluhm. for Eureka.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 12— Stmr Jame»
Dollar, from Valdez: stmr Bertha, from Ju
m>au; stmr Rainier, hence Mar 0; stmr Jeanle,
hence Mir 6.
PORT LOS AXGELES — Arrived Mar 12 —
Ktrar White^boro, from Point -Arena; Br ehlp
Thirlroero, from Antwerp.
GRAYS ! HARBOR— Sailed Mar 12— Stmr
Coronado and schrs Fannie A dele and San
Buenaventura, for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— failed Mar 12— Schr Glen, for
San Francjeco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Mar 12 — Br stmr
Doric, hence Mar 5. for Honglwnj.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 12— Suar .St.
Paul, from Southampton; stmr V'mbrla. from
Liverpool.
Sailed Mar 12— Stmr Menominee, for Lon
don; stmr New "Syork. for Plymouth; etmr V«
derland, for Antwerp; •tmr'Konigen Loufae,
for Genca: *tmr Lucania. for Liverpool; itmr
; Ethiopa. for Glasgow; stmr Hekla. for Co
penhagen: s'mr Pretoria, for Hamburg. "
HAVRE— arrived Mar 12— Stmr La Cham
pa snc. from N«w York... -
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 12— Stmr I'm
brla, from Liverpool and Queennown.
ANTWERP— 8alled Mar 12— Stmr S«etand.
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Mar 12— Stinr Car
path^a. from New Ycrk. - 1 pfitf
. Salle-d Mar 12 — Strar Camp*nla. -for New
York.
NAPLES— Arrived Mar 12— Stmr ScllJy, from
: New Tork. . . . .
HONGKONG— Arrived Mar 10— Stmr. Gaelic,
from San Francisco, via Honolulu aed Yo
kohama, etc.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Mar 13 — Stmr
Moltke. from New -York, for Hamburg; stmr
St. Loots, from New- York- for- Southampton
, (passed Hurst Castle 2:30 a m).
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant IT. S. N.. In charge. |
Kltrn precedes the height, and then the number
is Subtracted from the depth given by
fne charts The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Charters.
The schooner Otlllie Fjord Is chartered for
coal from this port to Topolobampo, Mexico.
Exports by the Peru.
The steamer Peru sailed yesterday for Pana
ma and way ports with a general merchandise
cargo valued at $94,070. to be distributed as
follows: For Mexico, $10,537; Central Ameri
ca, fl9.4SS; Panama, $1607; Colombia' $030;
Ecuador. $«07; New York, $G0.194; Holland,
$920. The leading exports were as follows'
To Mexico— 122 gals 2 os wine, 20 cs whisky,
4 cs mineral water. 8.S crts paste, 13 crts pota
toes. 20t5;i lbs bread, 1200 lbs raisins' 437 lbs
dried fruit, 20M lbs bread, 213 lbs cheese 20
pkgs groceries and provisions, 740 lbs spices
475 lbs sago, 5 pkgs fresh fruits, ll),009 ft lum
ber, 3 colls rcpe, ICO bxs candles. « bales hose
50 bdls shooks. 300 pkss tank material. 13 pkgs
railroad material. 29 bdls pipe. 15 pkgs sewing
machines, 12 kegs nails, IC bills 11 bars iron 14
bdls 02 pes steel. 24 cs arms' and ammunition
13 pkgs paints and oils. 17H pkgs machinery 60
boiler tubes. 20 kegs blasting powder, 10 pkgs
drugs.
To Central America— 1070 bbls flour, 233ft lbs
spices. 100 ctls wheat. Ktt ctls barley, 202 lbs
hops. 13S pkgs potatoes. «B lbs bread 200 lbs
raisins. 7C8 lbs rice, 1152 gals wine. 7 cs
liquors. 20.1 gals whisky. 81S2 lbs tallow, 23.5
pes pipe, 50 bales cotton. 2 pkgs machinery. 2
bdls bags. 6 pes eteel. 4118 feet lumber 06
pkgs paints and oils. 7086 gals cocoanut oil, 00
reels wire, 40 C3 coal oil.
To Panama— 350 bbls flour, 28 cs canned sal
mon, 40 crts potatoes.
To Colombia*— 38 bbls flour. 5700 lbs rice 010
gals wine, 10 pkgs fresh vegetables.
To Ecuador — IU5 bbls fliur and 14B gals wine
To New York — 78.5CS g«ls wine. 1200 cs
canned fruit.". 208 gala brandy. 500.284 lbs pig
lead, 16.8C0 lbs dry hides, C0.012 lbs bone black
150 6ks horns. 104 gks bones.
To Holland— 57,000 lbs dried prunes.
» —
A Cargo for Ililo.
The ship FiilU Clyde was cleared yesterday
for Hllo with an assorted merchandise enrgo
valued at $U6,0t>4 and including the following
1001 bbls flour. 4330 ctls barley, 230 ctls wheat
00,406 lbs bran. 43.W2 lbs middlings, 350 ctls
oatn. 577X bales hay, 81 otl* corn, 191 tons fer
tilizer. 70.IKX) ibfJ rice, 9*28 lbs euirar, 3»S,lt<0
lbs Fait. 7213 lbs beans, 331 lbs dried fruit 93
pkgs table preparations. 1040 gala 0 cs vlnegnr
2260 gals wine. 74 pkgs groceries and provi
sions, 487 cm assorted canned goods. 40 casks
beer, 12 cs liquors, 22 cs whisky. 110 pfcgs fresh
fruits, 135 crts potatoes, ;:2 crts onions 5 cs
10 pkgs salmon, 1000 lbs ham and bacon I s in
lbs bread, COOO lbs lard, .",0 pkxs paste. 5 bbls
baking powder, 40.268 ft lumber. T.VI' pkgs
¦wagon material, 11 5 cs matches, S2 colls rope
11 bales twine, 05 bxs candles. 1275 cs coal
oil. 115 pkgrs dry goods, Sr» bdls en bar3 steel,
1200 lbs pig lead. 14 pkgs saddlery and harness
rt pkgs leather. 7 pkgs electrical mipplieK. S0»>5
lbs 5 cs manufactured tobacco, .15 bdls Wl bars
iron. 46 bdls 2«fl pen pipe. 2 pkgg machinery.
10 pkps sewing machines, 'M bxs soap, SS pkgs
mlllwork. 41 cs boots and «hocs. ::C01 ft hard
wood. fi50 bbls lime, 51 cs blasting caps 270 cs
blasting powder, SS pkgs paints and oll.'so bdls
paper bags, 21 mules.
Water Front Notes.
The United States revenue cutter Daniel
Mannlnr, Captain Tuttle, arrived yesterday
from .Seattle... In • spite of the southeaster,
through -which: the cutter steamed for nearly
a day. she came from the northern port In
four and a half days.
The steamship Rosecrans sailed yesterday
for Portland, : Or., with a cargo of bananas
and bulk oil. ¦
The llchtshlp Xo.-70, after having repaired
damages sustained in Thursday's gale. re
turned yesterday to her moorings on the bar.
Spindles of United States.
In 1900, the last year for which definite
figures are obtainable, the number of
cctton manufacturing spindles in the
United States was 20.000,000. the capital
Invested was $460,842,773, and the value
of product was $332,806,156. It is esti
mated that there- are now, 'at the be
ginning of 1904, at least 23,000,000 spin
dles, and the capital invested is $590,
000,000. The value of the product would
probably be something near $350,000,000.
—New York Commercial.
Alaincda Takes Departure.
The Oceanic Stramshlp Company's liner
Alameda, Captain botrdell, sailed at 11 o'clock
yesterday mornlntr for Honolulu, ghe carried
many DassenKers and a full carpo.
ElEATi ESTATE THAXSACTIOXS.
FKIDAT. UABCH 11.
John M. Aturn to Ai.ne Abera. lot on X\V
<xrn*r or Lataida street and As-h avenue, N oO
by \V llo; al-o lot mi SIC line of Howard
tire-ft, SIS S\Y of Kir: i. £\V by SK «. and
kit en line or Lsr.-toa street. 175 SE of
lli-mwn, sK .» by SW 75; gut.
Am slit Harris ivlfe «i h-dward) to Hanie
tienaoy «wi.<- oi l>ron>. UA. on tC l»ne of Web
t-trr tuctt. iL'S N u ; tu'.jr.. .V -J3 try K l.,T:U; ,
iiary l><inr.tl» to Albert T. and Horace C. I
DmuirH, jot on XV. corner ot Waller and
Bolt sirei-u>. N 'J.Z by W 10'J, reserving life ;
cstatta in one-third istert-fct; sirt.
Kkhurd and Mary r\ Blot io John B Curtif |
lot ua Ui).; ot 1'acitir strtet, 11U K vt UaWr. .
i. -i :<; L>\- S 1^7:s', 4 ; *!«.
Kath«r:m- Tnunpower (Lynch) to Joseph
TruisiwUtr (Lynchi, ur;<iivi<if<i one-half int^r- '
*-rl i:i lot on }<\V or Thirteenth street
and Tr< ai avenue, \v lii.out. s 7U.U4O, E Us, N !
XUholas llalcne to «'atherin<" Malone, lot on ;
IV line of lx.iir.eton avtnue, i:i5 sj of Eigh- '
t^-pmh eti.H, £ -Ji by W su; gift.
.V. J. Rinkt-u to Hestrj and FrsJprike Hup- 1
I-ert. ljt ca ri line cr F»>urtf<?nth street 1*0 \\* '
<»f Sarthri. W 2j by S I'.T,: $m.
IU-alty ln.i.ruv-.-intjit Company to Vagina S. '
MoclU» iwla tl LeO K.). lot on S line of '
Doboce CTMxtttttUi) ivtme, 178 W of Castro
Btnet, sue! tx.ng Intersection of SK corner vi
Duliuce and pn i>cscd 11 n* of Devis-ad.-ro IC
.*.'):«, B lOu t S .J'i. W 87:23 N\V 1.-.0- I
*!<». . ' '
Owes Karkey to K»te end Mery Marker, lot :
«>n s line of Tmtaay-totuth strett, ;s \v or i
Church, \V ii bjr SIM; gift.
Oliver L.indi'ey to 1'aul and Otto roa Veigra- ;
hzutr. '.ct en >: lin« of Jersey street, 1M:& \V '
of ButCbez, W 50:11 by N 114; *10.
llartiri Sherwood to Charlo P. War*, lut on !
K line of Stockton etreet. 106:9 X of l'acific N •
39 l;y E eSrtt; $10.
IVter W. \V«t*on 1o Dorothea Watsjn, lot ;
on K ct'rao- of Br»nnan and CJilbert streets. ¦
NE n> bjr iE 7.".; ui't.
i:*tct^ ( ,f William F. Mc<"rfady Jhy E. H. I
McGready, administrator) to J. \V. McCarthy,
lot on-E l'.no of Vermont 1OJ N of
Twenty-third. K r.O bjr E 100; JUfi.
Solomon and I>ora Oetz to Theklay II.
KMnclaus. let on SW corner of Fcrty-seventh
aw-niw and li Mroet. W :;2:t5 by S 1O(»; >10.
Maurice ar-i Millie Rosenthui to £mile and
M8u4 Mlllirn. lot on E. line <-r sSixth avenue
X off 1 Mreet. N 75 by E 05: $1W.
Albert Aleyer to Bertha W. Elaytcn. lot on
W Hn» of Fifth *vcnu«\ K3 X of I street, N
25 by Vf 05: 510.
Rcia Humphreys to Arthur Humphrey*, tin.
divided '» of lot on E line of Eighth avenue.
275 S of 1 ctr«>t. 8 23 by E 120; gift.
Henry A. ar.d Mojiie Wesener to Mary Golt
j^en« i'A on \v" it tie of KIe\er.th avenue 1*»)
* of J flr^et, P 25 by W 120; »1O.
Paul and Betty Btshr to Philip ar.d Mary
Bruokner. lot on V»' llr« of Carmelita street,
lt.s S of Waller, S 25. %v t?.r»:04, NE 2r>:3 1-10.
T. to beginning, let S. block ¦}, Marion Tract:
Jio.
Throcp B. Dra:*r ti Joeeph Draper, lot «.p.
NE Uri» <-,f Tirrlft^ avenue, 12."i JCW of rC
#tTe*t. KVf 25 l>y NE !<X>, lot CO block ,227
O'X. and H. Tract; rift.
Ei-tat* f^avid U FerOFTvorth <by Fannie P.
Ftmfwcrth. exe<nitrix) «o Katri»iatH. Jewell,
lot 2». block l>. Sttsaet Heights; 51200.
Fennfe t\ Farnswcrth to cam**, eame, cuit
c!slir> dwd: *1.
Jaecli Ilnyman Ompany to Therene A. Bar
<1»nlmr<-n. !^t on W line of Hoffman avenue.
lf'1 :«! K of Alvarado «treet,^S 25 by W 100. lot
1K1, Heyrran Tract; ?lt>.
Harriet Wood to Ellen L. Smith. lot 4. block
3. Sunnyvale Homertead Association; gift.
H'len I,, and Edwin A. Smith to J. T.
Bl<v)r.int!d. lot 5, bleck ". racie; $10.
Same to ram», let 4. block X Fame: $10.
Peter *n<3 M»ry Cray to Joseph and Matilda
N. Robinw;n. lot on NE line of Thirteenth
W*n», '!2j PK of V *tr»et. f?E If*. N 2U:7.
NAV 9U.t\ 4 . SW 25. let 12. block 240. O'N*. &
H T-*rt: f.r;
I'anlPl T. Drlscf-Il to Annie DrtoeoU, Jots 2«
er<1 27. block X. Park 1^th> Tract No. 3; gift.
Oua A. Wallace f> Morrln Herrstein, all
j.ro»«frtv ?n Ktcte c' California: ?5.
«>*rles P.. Gray to Jame« A. Grfcv. lot on
STV* Sine of Rlrkle* iivenuc. SI SE of Wynirln*
rtreet. SE .%«. by S\%" l(io. block «. Fears' eub
divlsicn of We«t End. mar> 2: flit.
Builders* Contracts.
!!"ughtxit» Sawyer (owner) with Curri» &
Currte <cotUrac-ton?). plans by nv.-r.er — Alfr
«tioTi« and addition* to ?ftli floor V.'enban
bu(!<iicc. Cfd Put-er street; J3 4ST>.
E!la N. V.'isht <owner> wtth Hugh E. Pynn
ro«m rB .ctnr>. »rph>teft« Salfleid * Kohlberp —
All work for • two-story nno hnsement frame
bur<11n(t on Kff r-r-m^r of vnhert and Leaven
wrr-h Hrerty. N S7:0 by W :>3: S. r .72O.
Annie T. Zolllvcr (owner) wHh Cox Brc*.
<contr:»ctort). architect— All work for a
two-rtory and basement frame btTild!njr (flats)
on E line of Dniore* street, 20S R of Twenty
tfclr.l. P 36 by B IJ7:(; : %(STXtS.
Henry and Ma Fros«-h rowners) with Nils
Anrterj=on «cot>tn»ctor». architect Anrust Xordln
— AH work exc*T4 manteJS. rliadcs and can
fixtures for -a twf-Mnri- frame tmlldln^ and
rtshle nn E line of D!amo r <J utreet 10O N of
Elrht^nth. E I?r. l, v N 24:C. MH 1!)8r *2VK
. Louifa B. t-uhr.e n rowrer) with CeorKe J
rV'ri^t (oonirartor). arrhitect M. J njack
m«n—All work except mantel*. finUhln* hard
w»re. m-indem- »hadeii and or fixtures for a
three-rtcrv ar;<1 bwemirt frame bu!l<tln«r on I
Description of the New Issue — Direc-
tibns Given to Bureau of Engrav
ing and Printing.
An order has been sent to the Bu
reau of Engraving and Printing from
the office of the Third Assistant -Post
master General for the first issue of
the new Louisiana Purchase Exposi*
tion postage stamps, which are to be
placed on sale throughout the country
May 1. These stamps are printed with
pink ink in denominations of 1 cent. 2
cent, 3 cent, 5 cent and 10 cent, and
each bears a different engraving. In
the order given the stamps bear por
traits of Robert R. Livingston, Tliomas
Jefferson, James Monroe, William Mc-
Klnley and a 'map of the United States
showing the territory acquired by the
Louisiana purchase. There have been
ordered 90,000,000 of the 1-cent stamps,
225,000,000 of the 2-cent 7,500,000 of the
3-cent, 9,500,000 of the 5-cent and 6,500,
00) of .the 10-cent. As soon as the Bu
reau of Engraving and Printing can
print them they ,will be forwarded to
the different distributing centers of the
postal service, and from there sent to
al! of the offices of the country as they
are called for by the Postmasters. The
sale of these stamps will continue while
the exposition at Ct. Louis is open.
Livingston's portrait was placed on
the 1-cent stamp because he was the
United States Mh-ster to* France at
the time of the transfer of the property
and conducted the negotiations.
Thomas Jefferson was the President of
the United States at the time, and
James Monroe was special Embassador
to France, empowered to conclude the
purchase. •
McKinley'a face appears on the 5
cent stamp because he was President
at the time the legislation was enacted
that connected the Government with
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition and
signed the act in his official capacity,
and the significance of the map show
ing the territory la self-evident.
It is not generally known that a spe
cial issue of postage stamps is a fine
investment for the Government, though
there is no activity displayed to se
cure the issue. The profit comes from
the fact that philatelists buy as many
of the new issue as they can carry and
hold them for the certain rise that is
sure to come when the issue is ex
hausted. These stamps are therefore
not used, and the Government having
sold them at their face value profits
accordingly, the only cost being tha
value of the paper, the glue, the print
ing and the ink, a mere nominal cost
when compared with the sum for which
they are sold. Many thousands of dol
lars were made by the Government
during the run of the Pan-American
stamps, and there is no reason to sup
pose that a similar condition will not
occur when the St. Louis Exposition
stamps are put on sale.— Washington
Star;
BIG ORDER SEXT FOR
EXPOSITION* STAMPS
Trial Trip To-Day.
The whalinjr schooner Monterey, which has
been fitted with a new gasoline engine, will be
riven a trial trip to-day. She will the
Howard-street bulkhead at 9 o'clock. Cap
tain Foley, the owner of the schooner, will en
tertain a number of friends on board during
the bay trip. The Monterey's engine will be
In charge of Chief Kng'neer Edward Peters
and Caotain Wilson, port captain for the Pe
terson fleet, will assist Captain Foley In nav
igating the vecsel.
NEW SOURCE FOUND
FOR IXDIARUBBEIt
Produced From Koot of Plant Found
in French Conso Coun
try.
A French botanist, in the course of
his explorations a few weeks ago in
the sandy plains of the French Congo,
discovered a plant the bark of which
contained a large quantity of fibrous
rubber. At the time scarcely any at
tention was paid to the discovery, but
owing to the scarcity of rubber and
its high commercial value, which is
in reality so- prohibitive as to prevent
a very wide employment of the sub
stance, attempts are being made in
England to turn the new discovery to
commercial use. The plant also thrives
profusely in Northern Nigeria, and it
is these forests which are to be ex
ploited. A sample of the plant has
been analyzed by the botanical authori
ties of Kew Gardens, London, and these
investigations show that the rubber ex
ists in the roots in sufficiently large
quantities to warrant development.
The name of the plant is Londolphia
thrallonii. It is to be found in many
places on the west coast of Africa.
One firm which is already engaged in
the manufacture of this rubber Is plac
ing it upc-n the market at 75 cents a
pound, and it Is in every respect equal
to the ordinary rubber.
Indiarubber has become such an in
dispensable material in the arts and
sciences that users will be glad to learn
that a fresh source of supply is said to
have been found in the white man
grove trw, which grows plentifully in
the swampy lands along the coast of
Central Queensland. The sap is ob
tained by making incisions in the bark
of the tree and allowing it to run into
tins. Some samples of the rubber thus
obtained are said to have brought $1
a pound in England. An idea of the
importance of the rubber trade may
be formed from the statement that the
United States and England alone ab
sorb over 50,000,000 pounds annually. —
Scientific American.
Authorship in America.
We should like to call the attention of
home market clubs and Infant industry
nurseries to the condition of the au
thouship business in the United States.
During 15)02 the total production of this
hustling world was 200,000 volumes.
The output seems small enough'In com
parison with the world's annual stock
of other commodities, but so long as it
is large enough to keep our evenings
and holidays busy we have no general
right to complain. The trouble comes
when we- analyze the figures. During
1902 the United States published but
7833 columns, barely worsting England,
which follows us with a total of 7700,
and losing to Germany's 26,900 to the
tune of 1 to 3. What becomes of our
ladies' literary leagues and home cult
ure clubs in the face of hard figures?
Where is Kentucky now, and where is
Indiana? Shall three Americans go
down before one German? Shall each
million Germans have 354 books each
year while a Americans are
content with eighty-one? j
Reverse the shield. Last year Ger
many published 8049 newspapers and
periodicals. The United States 21,000.
There's the explanation. The Ameri
can is the man of the minute.— Leslie's
The passengers that arrived here yes
terday from Panama and way ports on
the steamship San Juan, Captain Al
fred Urry in command, report the Cen
tral American republics chafing under
the tedium of a protracted peace. There
is no definite sign of revolution any
where, but in every republic between
Panama and Guatemala ia some indica
tion of unrest. Incendiary literature is
being distributed broadcast' and every
thing points to a speedy return of the
revolutionary excitement which is the
prominent feature of life in Latin
America. ,
Among the San Juan's passengers
was Brigadier Gejieral William H.
Forwood, U. S. aT, retired. General
Forwood came from New York and is
traveling for pleasure. He says the
health of the United States marines
stationed on the isthmus is splendid.
Their camps have been pitched on ele
vations and the amount of sickness is
no greater than would be found among
a similar number of men in barracks
in any part of the United States. Pan
ama, however, in the opinion of the
general, is a most unhealthy port. He
says that the native soldiers obtained
their drinking water from a hole in the
ground dug in the center of a horse
corral.
The San Juan brought 1100 tons of
cargo and treasure valued at $79,890.
Her passengers included the following
named:
Mrs. William H. Avery. Rev R Jc ha , r(1
O'Brien. Henry la Motte Francis la Motte.
E la Motte. Brlcadler General William H.
Forwood (United States army, retired), Mrs.
ThSiM Boyd. Mte M. Boyd . U Hayes F.
Lowe. Winfleld S. Keys. James Johnston, Hans
Japp. .
tween Fort Point and Mile Rock, in thirty
fathoms of r.ater. When the Olympic's anchor
was raised there wti found attached to tt an
other and larger mudhook with a considerable
length of c*ain attached. It is an old-fash
ioned anchor with a wooden stock, and appar
ently has been In the water a long time. The
Olympic, which eame up in fourteen days, en
countered a heav> a:al9 March 0 and lost her
lower main topsail In the blow.
Self-Sacriflce.
"John," said the wife, "you used to
say that you would die for me. Do
you love me as well as you did then?"
"I guess so." said the husband.
"You would still die for me?"
"Well, if it were necessary, I sup
pose I would."
"How glad 1 am to hear you say so."
"Why?"
"Because I am going to, put you to
the test."
"Gracious! Want, me to die for
y^ou?"
"No, not so severe a test as that. I
want you to bring me up a scuttle of
coal from the cellar. If you please."
John threw his novel across the
room, buttoned up his dressing Jacket,
kicked the cat, and, snorting violently,
proceeded with great reluctance to the
cellar.— Dublin News.
UNITED STATES REVENUE CUTTER DANIEL MANNING. WHICH
ARRIVED YESTERDAY FROM SEATTLE, :CD IN SPITE OF THE
SOUTHEASTER CAME DOWN IN FOUR AND A HALF DAYS.
Special Dispatch 'to The Call,
LOS ANGELES, March 12.— Before
the- eyes of hundreds of pleasure seek
ers on the pier at Ocean Park. South
Santa Monica, this afternoon Mrs. M>.
Daley of Denver threw hersejf into the
ocean, intending to commit suicide. She
was rescued by the- heroic action of two
men who swam through the breakers
and caught her by the hair.
The woman is said to be a member of
a wealthy Denver family. She came
here for her health two months ago and
took a cottaje at Ocean Park. The
change of climate did not benefit her
and of late she had been growing mel
ancholy'. This 'afternoon she went to
the extreme end of the pleasure wharf
and after kneeling in prayer sprang
over the railing into the ocean.
Scores of persons on the pier and
beach saw her jump and they gave the
alarm. Among them were Charles Tur
ner and Tom Brown. Both sprang into
the surf and swam to the rescue. The
skirts of the woman, spreading out,
held her up, and when the rescuers
reached her they found^her floating on
the surface of the water, but uncon
scious. Together they , brought her to
the shore, where efforts were made to
restore animation. The limp body was
rolled over a barrel and other methods
were resorted to. To-night, as a result
of cold and shock, pneumonia devel
oped and the condition of the woman
is critical.
NEW. YORK, March 12.— The Finan
cier says: "The striking feature of
the official statement of the-assodated
banks last week was the decrease In
all the principal items and the very
slight change in ths surplus reserve.
Contrary to expectation, the loans
were decreased by $2,519,100. Falling off
in loans was attributable to the light
demands fur stock exchange purposes
owing to the small volume of specu
lative operations. The cash decreased
by ?S37,5Q0, which sum very closely
corresponded with the amount of $753,
500 loss which was estimated from the
traceable movements of money during
the week. Deposits decreased $3,324.
900, or only $32,000 less than the sum
of the reductions in loans and of the
loss of cash. The statement therefore
showed a remarkably good balance.
The item of Government deposits was
increased $397,800 during the week,
probably representing accumulations
through transfers to this city from in
terior depositories. The increase in
such I deposits since February C has
been $2,641,700. Circulation was reduc
ed last week by $1,206,900, making
$6,962,800 since January 2. The cash
reserve of the banks will probably be
augmented this week by the transfer
hither of $.1,000,000, the proceeds of the
6,000,000 yen which is expected to ar
rive in San Francisco during the week.
Comparisons of changes in loans show
that four of the larger banks decreased
this item by $H, 400,000.
CHICAGO. March 12. — Hanging for
all was the verdict of the jury re
turned to-day in the case against the
so-called car-barn bandits, Harvey
Vandine, Peter Niedermeier and Gus
tav Marx.
The trio attained notoriety by a
desperate all-day battle that started
in a dug-out near Liverpool, Ind.,
where they had taken refuge after a
series of remarkable crimes, includ
ing the murder of two employes of the
Chicago City Railway Company at one
of the company's barns in this city,
the motive in each instance being rob
bery.
Emil Roeski, who was with the
bandits in the dug-out^and who par
ticipated in many of their crimes, is
to be tried separately, not having been
Implicated directly in the particular
murder for which his associates were
first arraigned.
The verdict of the Jury was delayed
from yesterday afternoon until to-day
on account of a temporary diversion
of opinion to make the punishment
alike for all. A confession on the part
of Marx led to the discovery of the
hiding place of the other bandits. Marx
entered a plea of guilty and begged
for mercy, while the other bandits at
tempted to brazen-out a plea of inno
cence. Hereditary epilepsy was" plead
ed in the case of Vandine.
The bandits heard their doom stol
idly. The mother of Vandine was in
the courtroom. Niedermeier's mother
was also present. Neither woman
made any outcry. The mother of Marx
did not appear. She was said to be
at home in a state bordering on col
lapse. . t
Hard Swim in the Ocean Is
Rewarded by Success and
Her Life May Be Saved
Cash Reserve of the Banks
Is Likely to Be Increased
During the Coming Week
Convicted Men Listen to Re
sult of Their Trial With
out Any Sign of Emotion
LITTLE
MOTHERS HEAR, VERDICT
SPECULATION
TWO MEN PROVE HEROES
Failing Off Is Attributed to
the Light Demands for
Stock Exchange Purposes
Hundreds' of People See a
Denver Resident Attempt
Suicide at Santa Monica
Chicago Criminals Who Par
ticipated in Car-Barn Mur
ders Doomed to Gallows
Passengers That Arrive on Steamship San Juan Tell
of Revolutionary Sighs in Evidence All Along
Coast— Marines on Isthmus in Good Health
n«d Crude ." 1 £5 - ...;
Fenstor 65 ••••
S-<n *re'.£3 <5 48
*u;*-rior !.. 04 0«
'i hlrty-tfcree 8 SO IW
Toltec 19 ••••
Twenty-eight 8 25 8 00
V e« Short 2 CO 2 85
Asj^x-iated Bonds ?5 •»
Miscellaneous— , __„
Attar Land & Improvement.. 1 30 1 «n
<"allforola Shipping Co 1« <» ;•••
•T-.ute*. Company i'i'iu. '
Fiscbefa Theater 11V* ,h^k *
Sanitary Reduction \Torks. . 1 .0 1 SO
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board— *
r,00 C.aremoM A ™
110 Kern Oil * «»
1 >>» Kern Oil * *j»
725 Ivero Oil B 2?
200O Oil City Petroleum 34
l<-<» (sanitary Reduction Work* 1 90
3W0 AsFo^lated 21
1000 t~l.icn.go Crude 20
Street —
T.C0 Oil CSty Petroleum 83
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San FV*a
cisco Stock and Exchance Board yesterday:
Morning SefMon.
C0« Andes 49', 150 Ophlr 4 63
» C03 C & Va.l 80, 000 Potosi 23
100 Con C * Va.l 85j 300 Savage 74
liKX) Con lmjiertal. C2i 300 PcorpJon ...... O2
J00 Gould & Cur. 42 1 COO Sierra Nev .. «0
ZOO Mexican 1 65 j 4.00 Unica Con .. S3
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the tales oa the Pacific Stock
I'.xrhaiige yesterday:
Morninc Session.
r.00 Con C «¦ Va.l BO] 50 Ophir 4 TS
200 Crown Point. 21 1 1^0 Savage 72
100 Gould & Cur. 43' U<J Sierra JCe» .. «1
100 Hale & Norc. l>2| 5'X) I'nlon Con .. K3
\<n Mexican ...1 W*\M 100 Union Ccn -- M
400 Mexican 1 fcj; 100 I'tah 20
2i:<0 Ophlr * 1*1 SCOTcHow Jacket 38
200 Ophlr « 65 j
TOKOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
rd'tcv'.ns were the t^.- -.. on the San Fran-
Cisco anJ Tonopah Mining Kxtha.;ige yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Evelyn 36j BOO Ton Eelmont.. C3
LOO Evelyn 35) 600 ton Delnont. . C2
3100 Mont Ton ..I 25; 5<>0 Tou Belmont-. CS
.ViO Paymaster... 11, 700 Ton Midway.. 40
25i> Ten Bclmcrt. dl 500 Ton Midway.. 41
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, March 12—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha OC - 07i Justice 06 OS
Alta Ot5 CS'Kcntuck (K! 0*
A/id«fS 4S O.Keyes Graes.. 30 —
Belcher 22 24 Lady Wath .. — C6
Jlei't & Bclch.2 00 2 25 Mexican 1 90 1 i«3
Hullion 07 09 'Occidental ... S8 90
< - aUdoma ...1 10 1 MJOpWr 4 70 4 80
• "hallenge Con .'»; STjOvcrman 24 20
CboUar it; I7;potosi 25 26
Confidence 1 o<» 1 10 ; Savage 71 73
« on C fc Va.l 8<i 1 s:.; Scorpion C2 C'S
< n Imperial. <2 oJiSig Delcher ..10 11
Con X V 0.5 01 ; Sierra N'ev... 02 63
• rown Point. zo 22lt*tlver Hill ..67 68
Kast Sierra. X 00 — *8» Louis 10 13
}.urrka «.'on.. — 5n; Syndicate <H <:5
Kjcchequer .. 35 1<"' I'lilon Con . . Srt P7
«.ould & Cur. 41 42 Utah 20 il
Hal' A N'orc. »<> X> Yellow Jacket Jo SI
.'u!:a 03 ».v
TOXOPAlI MINES.
Bid. Ask.! Bid.AEk.
Kapenaza ... — 01 \ nay Bxten .. — 14
Cipfy yue*n. — 3»!Hay Ton 10 13
Gold Anchor. 20 22 Ray & OBriea — •!-.(
<:o!J M Con. 04 — I Rescue 07 OS
Mannas ah ... — 15, Ton B*lmont.. 62 i'A
Hannapah M. — 2.'. Tor. & Cal.. — 21
Little Ton .. — 75' Ton Exten . . CO 70
Lucky Tom.. — C.VTon Fraction.. 10 io
MarXanwrm . 1G IS'Toa of Nev..c 00
Mirpah Kx .. 10 — ; Ton X Star.. 32 33
Mont Ton.l 22',1 2T'- ! To?i Midway.. 40 41
X V Ton — 62; Ton Pujxrior.. — 10
rayinaftv: ... — IT) United Ton ..10 —
LOANS OF WEEK
SHOW DECREASE
WOMAN LEAPS
FROM A WHARF
JURY CONDEMNS
THREE BANDITS
CENTRAL AMERICAN REPUBLICS
WEARYING OF TOO MUCH PEACE
ANOTHER DOUBTFUL TAU3
¦ ABOUT WASHINGTON
That His Mother Refused to Let Her
Horses Be Impressed by Conti
nentals.
Much of George Washington's firm
strength of character was due to his
splendid ancestry, as the following an
ecdote will testify.
While reconnoitering in Westmore
land County, Va., one of General
Washington's officers chanced upon a
fine team of hones driven before a
plow by a burly slave. Finer animals
he had never seen. When his eyes had
feasted on their beauty -he cried to the
driver:
"Hello, good fellow! I must have
those horses. . They are just such ani
mals as 1 have been looking for."
The black man grinned, rolled up the
whites" of his eye* put the lash to the
horses* flanks and turned up another
furrow in the rich soil. The officer
waited until he had finished the row;
then, throwing back his cavalier cloak,
the ensign of rank dazzled the slave's
eyes. %0'
"Better see missis! Better see mis
sis!" he cried, waving his hand to the
south, where above the cedar growth
rose the towers of a flrfe old Virginia
mansion. The officer turned • up the
carriage road and soon was rapping the
great brass knocker of the front door.
Quick the door swung upon its ponder
ous hinges and a grave, majestic look
ing woman confronted the visitor with
an air of inquiry.
"Madame," said the officer, doffing
his cap and overcome by her dignity,
"I have come to claim your horses in
the name of the Government."
"My horses?" said she. bending upon
him a pair of eyes born to command.
"Sir, you cannot have them. My crops
are f out and I need my horses in the
field."
"I am sorry," said the officer, "but I
must have them, madame. Such are
the orders of my chief."
"Your chief? Who is your chief,
pray?" she demanded with restrained
warmth.
"The commander of the American
army. General George Washington."
replied the other, squaring his shoul
ders and swelling with pride. A smile
of triumph softened the sternness of
the woman's handsome features. "Tell
George Washington," said she, "that
his mother says he cannot have her
horses."
With an humble apology, the officer
turned away, convinced that he had
found the source of his chiefs decision
and self-command.
And did Washington order his officer
to return and make his mother give up
her horses? No; he listened to the re
port in silence; then, with one of his
rare smiles, he bowed his head.— St.
Nicholas.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Forty-One.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, MARCH 13. 1004.
47UTOMIA, Persia. Mairrh 12.— Xews. has
reached here * that Dr. r^abori.- an American'
missionary, has been killed on the road - to
Khoi. Details of .the . occurrence are lacking.
cently purchased has been distributed
over a wide : area and Is doing good
execution. Cultures have been . made in
Doullion, and both the quantity "and
quality improved. The conference ad
journed to reconvene March 26.
The cases of Ja.c ob and Herman "3p
pinger. charged with obtaining money,
by ; false , pretenses, were called " in"
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday ¦ and
continued , till? March , 16. v The Judge
said he would at that time givethis de
cision on i: the motion to set aside the
Indictments. •, - ' . ; -U
Cppinger Cases Continued.
.Wishbone Route Excursions.
The orchards are beginning to bloom and the
bay shore excursions of the ' Wishbone Route
will take you through miles of blossoms.
Kvsry Tuesday . and • Saturday, commencing
¦Tuesday, March 15. Leave Third and Town
send streets 0 a. m.. return via Alameda 5:55
p. in. Round trip tickets. Including carriage
drive to and from Stanford University. $2.
Tickets alao good to return on any succeeding
train leaving San Jose same day via any
route. Details nt Information- Bureau, till;
Market street. Southern Pacific. •
RIVERSIDE, March 12.-The Salt
Lake road was opened to Riversida
to-day with a special excursion and
local celebration. A special train from.
Los Angeles and Pomona bearing mem
bers of the Chamber of Commerce as
guests of Riverside arrived at 11:30 this
morning. The train passed under a
triumphal arch and through floral gates
which were thrown open by two little
girls as the train approached. From
a stand which had been erected north
of the new passenger station Mayor
C. L. McFarland officially welcomed
the railroad to the city. Response was
made on behalf of the railroad by T.
E. Gibbon, second vice president, and
on behalf of the Los Angeles Chamber
of Commerce by H. S. McKee, presi
dent. Hon. Oscar Lawler spoke for Loa
Angeles and occasioned much applause.
J. Ross Clark, first vice president of
the road, spoke of the pleasure of the
officials of the road at having this im
portant section of their system com
pleted. The speaking was closed by
Bishop Conaty of Los Angeles. The
guests of the city were entertained in
the afternoon by a programme of sports
and special exercises at tne Sherman
Indian Institute.
Louis H. Brownstone and Milton A.
Nathan, attorneys, informed the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that they
have certain facts and information
within their exclusive knowledge
whereby they believe the city of San
Francisco may recover certain moneys
from the State which have been over
paid in the settlement of taxes, revenue
and disbursement of public moneys be
tween the city and the State.
Brownstone and Nathan believe that
this money can be secured for the city,
and as compensation for the informa
tion and services ask for 25 per cent on
all sums of money collected.
Attorneys Claim to Have Information
of Several Sums Overpaid to
the State in Taxes.
OFFER TO COLLECT
MOXEY OWIN'G CITY
.'.The thirty-seven; who were ordered
tobe in court to-morrow morning are:
"William ' Sorensen, .816 "Fulton^ ' street:
Charles- H. i; L*ne. > 102 Julian avenue;: George
II Jackson, 078 Sutter street: • Bernard V.
iWRrmbold. : T3- Ivy. avenue; ; Joseph L.^Darl
vare,-156G Fell- street; 2 Samuel C. Armstrong."
10ia Oak- street: Alexander ''Watt... 61. Halghl
Street; * Julius Lilientbal. 51 Bourbon place;
* The eleven again3t whom attach
ments were issued are William S. Mc-
Devitt, 4022 Twenty-second street;
John E. Dock, 811 Leavenworth
street; George S. Graham, 1521 Gold
en Gate avenue; Henry . K. DeveJey,
1876 Union str^-t; -John P. Burke, 9
Van Ness avenue; Carter Houston, 669
Shrader street; .Villiam Bloch, 2540
California strct; Morris Steinfeld,
2855 Sacramento street; Henry Whit
tle, 1911 Leavenworth street; Joseph
P. r Holler,- 3011 Jackson street, and
Isaac L. Rosen thai, 2716 Pacific ave
nue. • •
Out of- the number thirty-six were
excused for various reasons, thirty
seven were ordered to be in court
to-morrow morning, atachments were
issued for eleven who failed to an
swer to their names and sixteen had
been returned on the venire as out of
town.
The 100 talesmen drawn by the
County Clerk on Thursday for the sec
ond trial of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin,
charged with the mmrder of Mrs. John
P. Dunning, were summoned to ap
pear before Judge Cook yesterday
morning to enable the Judge to lis
ten to any excuses they might offer
for not wishing to serve on the jury.
Lovell White, who has inclosed with
fences two blocks of land constituting
Charter Oak street southerly from Sil
ver -avenue, notified the Board of
Works yesterday, through Thomas Ma
gee & Sons that the fence would be
taken down within the next sixty days.
The land covers an area of 800 by. 100
Other merchants had taken the pre
caution to remove their cases before
Woodward made his appearance, so the
conditions were found to be not so ag
gravated as the complaints would lead
one to believe. The Board of 'Works
will see to it that all sidewalks will be
kept clear in the future, and the mer
chants promised to co-operate with it
and comply with the law regulating the
free and unobstructed use of the side
walks.
Commissioner Woodward of the
Board of Public Works made an official
investigation late Friday afternoon re
garding complaints filed that the whole
sale merchants in the district bounded
by Bush, California, Montgomery and
Battery streets are continually block
ading the sidewalks with their cases of
merchandise. Woodward found several
offenders in thatregard, and these wire
given until last evening to clear the
sidewalks.
The inspectors reported' that at pres
ent they are paying considerable 'atten
tion to such buildings as have cellars
OLD FLOORS REMOVED.
The EusscPtion that Chinatown be
thoroughly cleansed received consider
ubJe attention, and the physicians
epoke of the many obstacles thrown in
their way. The members of the local
board stated that owners of property
complained that their buildings were
being torn apart and new plumbing: or
dered for political reasons. They were
alS'j met with threats of injunction
suits on every hand. As a remedy for
this it was suggested, and the sugges
tion, finally adopted, that all orders for
reconstruction be .made in the names
of the Federal.. State. and city boards
jointly. This will preclude the possibil
ity of any cry of political preference. ".
A joint conference of the Federal,
State and city health authorities Avas
held yesterday morning to discuss
measures for improving the sanitary
condition of the city, particularly in
Chinatown and other congested dis
tricts. Those present were Dr. Regens
berger of the State Board, Dr. Rupert
Blue of the marine hospital service.
Dr. Ward, secretary of the State Board
of Health; Dr. Ward, president of the
local Board of Health; Dr. D. F. Ragan,
health officer; Dr. W. C. Hassler, chief
inspecting physician; Louis Levy, dep
uty health officer; Supervisors D'An
cona and Brandenstein and members
of the Federal and State quarantine
service.
sued a circular to . principals statins";
that the week commencing March 28,
1904, has been designated as the mid
term spring vacation.
Principals are directed to see that
janitors comply! with the rules during
vacation relative to the cleaning; of
rooms.
The attention of principals is directed
to the fact that certain teachers are
daily violating the rules relating to the
ventilation of classrooms.- A constant
and regular supply. of fresh air should
enter the classroom in sufficient volume
to effect a complete change every six
minutes, the circular says. ¦
¦ ? /
Finds That Teachers Ai Violating
Rules Relating to Proper Vcn- •
tilation of Classrooms.' .-.^
The Board of Education yesterday is-
BOARD OF EDUCATION'
FIXES SPRING VACATION
Officers of the Salt Lake
Eoad Bun First Train Into
Thriving Southern City
Thirty-Six Give Good Eea
sons Why They Should Xot
Serve in the Botkin Trial
Board of Works Causes the
Clearing* of Sidewalks in
the Wholesale District
Members of Federal, State
and Local Boards of Health
Hold a Joint Conference
OPEN NEW LINE
TO RIVERSIDE
TALESMEN MAKE
THEIR EXCUSES
RULES AGAINST
OBSTRUCTIONS
PLAN TO WAGE
A WAR ON RATS
Ed-ar M. Hlnckle, 603 "Waller street; Isadora.
Label. 033 Hyde street: Kdward Healey. 2<T^
Hayes street; Horace Crear. 1314 Masonic ave
nue: Plftro Scattena. 1034 Sanchez street:
Daniel B. Kelly, 72U Tnrk street: Samuel
Keesinp, 953 Jones street: C. W. Rebman, 1700
Fell street: J. M. Gunnln*. 31 Post street: J.
M. Reynold, 1213 Laguna street; Abram Seld
kin. 352 Fell street: Wlllard T. Youne, 1016
Bush street; Henry Peters. 114 South Broderlck
street: Frederick Klopper, 722 Stelner street;
Frederick Levy, 1832 Sutter street; Charles
K. Ulender. 714 Castro street; Marcus Wolf,
U32 Golden Gate avenue; Hiram G. Davis, 1616
Larkln street: Herman A. Mefsel. 1509 pac
ramento street: Herman K. Stolberg, 2922
California street: E. S. Utter, 814 Hayes
street; Henry Myers. 2420 Washington street;
Charles Welnshek, 1706 Broadway; James H.
Robertson, 5O3 Capp street: Edward Salz, 2109
Broadway: Morris Hymen. 2230 Sacramento
street: William T. Hitch. 1441 McAllister
street : Augustus B. Voxel, 2602 Howard street,
and Walter J Little, 620 Halght street.
feet, and though part of a public street
was being utilized as a vegetable and
flower garden. Commissioner Wood
ward notified the inspectors of the De
partment of Works to make a note of
the firm's promise, and if the fence is
not taken down within the next sixty.
days, as agreed upon, the Board of
•Works will cause its removal in order
that Charter Oak street may be opened
to traffic.
A suggestion made by Dr. Regens
berger that a portable sterilizer be pur
chased me.t with unanimous approval.
The use of this machine would save
hundreds of dollars to citizens, and if
a, small fee were charged it could be
made self-supporting. To illustrate the
value of the appliance a case was cited
of recent occurrence where, new bed
dingr and blankets were burned by or
der of the Health Board. The goods de
stroyed were worth considerable money
and the owner could ill afford the loss.
The destruction of these goods would
have been unnecessary could they have
been sterilized - at slight expense. Su
"pervisor8 Brandenstein and D'Ancona
informed the members of the board that
such a machine can be purchased from
available funds and the amount in
cluded in the next budget/
It was reported that the rat vlrua re-
with wooden floors, as these form a
favorite breeding place for rats and the
rats carry infectious diseases from one
place to another. As a preventive meas
ure these wooden floorings are being
torn out and the buildings made "rat
proof" by the laying of concrete floors.
It was suggested that as a further
measure for the. protection of the city
an ordinance be passed making it
mandatory upon all persons erecting
new houses to lay concrete floors in
their cellars and construct the walls of
cellars ejther of artificial stone or brick.
In this way It is hoped the rats will be
gradually exterminated. While it is Im
possible to compel all property owners
to lay concrete floors In the cellars of
buildings already in existence, careful
inspection will be made, and whenever
it is deemed advisrble the owner will
be notified to do away with his old
wooden flooring .and replace it with
concrete.
The introduction of sanitary plumbing
in Chinatown seems in some sections to
be an almost hopeless task. While the
owners of the buildings have cheerfully
complied with the regulations, their oc
cupants refuse to use the. improved
methods, persistently throwing refuse
at their doorways instead of in the re
ceptacles provided.
STERILIZING MACHINE.
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY; MARCH 13; 1901.
48
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS
THE BRAXD NEW GYM.
GAME FOR GIRLS.
NEXT SUNDAY CAJLL.
¦/.."• Gas Engines to Sewing Ma-
chiiK't- — Some bargains that
may interest you.
A number of JUSCELLA-
NEOL'S WANTS; too. Perhaps
you can fill the needs.
A variety of articles FOR
SAIiE in Hie Miscellaneous Ads.
HALE'S. | . HALE'S. / ¦ \ HALE'S. I f f HALE'S. | HALE'S. ' I . nALE'S. | HALE'S. -
: T- — ¦ ; — : — — ——. — — : : — — - — — — ; — - — : — ; : — : : : — ; — — : : ; : " "T
f To the Front at-Hale's This Week 0i^^F^
Hundreds \Vtllt© Wiiists ™ rtner surprises m fitti
It's the First Big Spread of the Season EidStCI # VUMUOICS ¦H-b'-l\ '
Here's beauty, here's variety, here's economy, when you want it* most, in a Fresh, bright, beautifttl. i 7r I fr*-* " v\
broad, big, convincing way. Many just from their boxes yesterday. Scores of them came |- n ¦ [Jl '- - [VA
Two big windows full of them. Table after table full of them up on the second floor will jj* tJ t tw0 or three days and wiII 'b e 'shown for the first time f'M *fl J . •* ffcA
take you right into the heart of the event. Here s where you can see what it means, best; .„„,.'¦ j /r/"- IU.~ A\A
' what dainty lawns the waists arc made of (even those at 50c); how they are fixed up in to-morrow. ¦— p fl' 1/ -7/--|| -"--* r V? \
the newest ways with embroidery and lace. It's to be another white waist season. They re It's the quantity, the va/ietv, that strikes one first. hi If JL.. - \ VC \
prettier than ever, more than we ever had before, but you will see to-morrow and be surprised, especially at Onc noticing how resultfully this big organization Ih-'U'll-- ~ UTV?->^
All Th(?^e WaiStS 3t SO'. has worked in the w'ay the suits are made and what they arc Ir' i~]H\l^ : '~'^^^^^^\^
At the quality of the lawn they are made of (we never seen better at 75c). See how much there is of it. Here's one that is lace made of. Here are voiles, broadcloths, ctamines and cheviots. J^i'-^b'lb'^'^^^^S^
striped with pleated front, pearl buttons, large new sleeves; the new French back and tab stock collar. Another has.a tucked From the plain, mannish mixtures to those elaborately trimmed to /? ir — r If *• *~ r mr~\^'~* ; ">*rvik.
front in pretty clusters, three neat clusters with fancy open work stripes between. Other styles at 50c equally interesting. please the most particular women. Yet in every one of them there /- '•Y'~* ll~~\\ S. : %' n$v •*^ s -'*^*^v
Next at 75c. Ii»^tgtewn5jg^^^«t*™wj ¦ g» 8 r£S3&on Wl %!^^^^^^^ is a suitability you .can't get away from. . Substantial character W'M'S/^^V^ '^ *'-XLr. Mr~S%?'
ilore elaborate. Here's one with a silky mer- fancy mercerized stripes, pleated; some round yokes, others finished with drawn t j t stands for wear and Sensible COlllfort. S^'M *~W-" H&r* £ * - V\\ -\WT 2! V7
cerized dot, pleated in the front and back. with hemstitched and battenbers rings; work. > • \j \\ •„« ,w „,.-„ ,,,J«t ,„!,„„ vn,, c« ,,,l,,t *U»» c* At ""¦', '• J/A~- W~ *~ # — -%«• -v. "W^ wO^/5.
Six dilterent styles with the new drawn others with drawn work; lace insertion fJ 95 _ Whl t . Daca wa lsts Think of that It s the prices that grip nardest when you see what they stand for. /^1^4^.-#-'- Zfl- - « - -Vek - JT^I-Bt
work and tucks; some with hemstitched and medallions. ti Round yokes tucked front and with They show what six-store buying means to you m.a way nothing else can. C-^- - %ff- ¦ ~ri * ' M" * •¦Wm s :\M^
, p^ ts A«i»n^S l 1™!j t I » a S%ISS? rtion run * At 1 " 5( iT r ; i . ne w t Ite J awi J 7 als »S : S^ with French backs." Here arc walking suits you save $5.00 on at ihe very least, and you "* - flk-~ t~ -V^ '
nteS diagonally across the front. At $2.50-Lawn waists trimmed with the new pay $1 5 -OO. Other suits up to $ 75 .oo. Misses' suits from $I 4 . 7 5 to $22.50. t^^^^Sfe-^^^^T^ "
And at 95C. All have fancy stock collars, large bishop drawn work; some with lace insertion and Th e Eton jacket is the favorite style. • "7 — ~2fiS~ "' iTT' -"S
Vhite lawn waists with fancy embroidered sleeves a;id pleated or hemstitched cuffs. small tucks. : Women will want to see these suits Monday as much as wc want . V * = - 5^ji
SS^mlliTie-'wry^SJ^e^lSd'i.iSS 6 ' And at $.?9S- £ wit^TrSbroidery j& MntedatliK? oS them to They can get Better than they expected; maybe ,avc enough to
rcmpti^rLtyles. y P *' Comes the cream of the lotVlO styles; all of with insertion knd hemstitching. get the -hat, too, all for the money they expected to pay for the suit.
Bright New Jewelry £3L-^£iL More Spring Millinery
We are glad to tell you of to-day. 0S _ J "^--^^ Adds Its Beauty to This Big Easter Show.
Bracelets. M-aist sets, hatpins, lorgnette chains-and lockets. >f?fTl^~ :^Ny/\. M!T~~ /?$h ZifiL. Last \vf»pk-'«; rain ff1K tv itid riisarrrfpahl^ made indoor
Every season sees this Hale jewelry store filling a more important %<* <* '¦ • '^"^^1 %^*-\ • AM,- %&*BStef /A*T - \ .1 0- • ? ' ,S« bt y - a , na u ai?a S reea ° le ' mau^ 1X \ a °3
position. Women know they will find the latest ideas here and find them C; \ weather. \ et in spite of it and between showers hundreds
without exclusive jewelry store prices. These prices to-day arc not -•^'•^^•'•^^ ) of women heard of the unusualhess of these Hale Easter styles and
worthy of what they represent. Come and see and compare. Here are: f •*$^ir S5^&' JT**^^ ' T came to see - ' Thev knew they would avoid the greater crowds Stin-
Baby bracelets 25c. I sash ? in. ssc-ideas in buckle design. S€^^^^M~^^^^^K^^^^MK M^\ W shiny davs are sure to bring. Buying was brisk; it's to be brisker
y^ri |a^^^|M Mm - ±J:^ £^^&M^S Scores New Hats Out T o-Morrow
others at 35c; larger sizes for wo- T n-rJ^lL^Xl^^tKuLr^r, ho ui^ fr»r -ii/i c-S ' ..V '.Vjr^ That havt not been shown before. Not two alike. Deft fingers have
men. 60c. <5c and ?l. a i ocket: Jt - S of sterling silver. "iff ijr t^^^^>5>^n^" S^~" cen in &- \V hat onc mind has planned another has improved
XCW waist sets 2 5 C. io£JF%£4tit 5 } new round shape. &M C f^ K f^A | A £± f S Z2.<- ISJrhW madC !' $? %™£ ° £ "^ '^
4 pins to the sot. In that swell eterling: silver; others at $1.00. vjfv? 1 ¦ 1 ¦ if M UIOCI ICo 1 1 U W ™ Nd^ Has counted. ... .,,, • , - u t e
Dutch silver hand finish and silver Locket, $1.35— Gold filled, heart shape; *.i?i £? * m ~' * " ' ». Y^v ' l ias een Ollr aim to bnrig beautiful hats within the reach ot every
pray; all desips are new; heads and j ust the right size; others at $1.50. ->Vv<' T «.*• fl Pm n f c o ,, t:,.o«^:c^^ ,.^mot-i oc if liasn't /^t^' Vo\ woman and do away with the fancy prices and not do away with a bit
flowers and the like. The hand fin- jfeck chain, 32.00— It's gold filled and '^W i-O Stir Up the enthusiasm OI bail .HanClSCO WOllieil Sb it Iiasn t / <N< v VS r»f the sfvl* nnri misi!^
ished wears longer than the machine seaml^s. has the satin finish that's "$KS? U aan cfi'rr«H nr» in ,n*nxr a rlov * ' «(Cr\J v \%t '-• • - ' , )- a .
finished. It's here at 25c a set- so pretty. Others at $2.25. W7?'W ' 'Deeil Stirred Up 111 many a Cay. t v^S> \ We ve centered our efforts about
P,:"_i _ <._ i : -J. ' Purse chain, S2.50 — It's sterling silver. vf'J-'tr TU/\nonM/Jn 'V *t v/Ao V " i^ I vX* \ . ___ . j^. !"»"i^
ll^t SCtS 5OC. 60 in. long. Just think of that Jt/i^S ¦ I nOUSSPlaS OT lSTOS \ »h$t \ $/) 7^ f^ (TQ (^H Unfo
Silver pray and enameled, hand fin- - length and for $2.50. / .^y« ''!:. . . , . . . ' r 11 \ : **~*S \ kD r. / »_/ L\J vD S.KJKJ 1 Id L^
ishea, too. They add tone to the X,ociet, S2.00 — Solid gold front, new pat- / .'^"pSi-'A ¦ Of bright new Spring embroideries, cdglllgS, insertions, lip tO IUll- \ "';$£\\ ' ' ¦ -T-
Khirt waist far to exceed their cost. or with settings; others f^OTjA . fledged allovers,. white aild colored, . • \Pkl T ° tllC SamC St> ' 1C a " d t0 " C 7^
-~ v&\A At Aver pe Hi\i Price f^^,!^. in those vou will usually pay $15 to $18 and even $25 for. Thou-
DamaSk at 40C MUSiC Extra I WM . so important we 'iyo ov. M md^ taw., to t'he» on the first floor ,n A . &n F# **"** of 'them here for 'you "to see and criticize and choose from.
xi!/. V \ fill two big windows where you can see them to-day. . Os -o*» the result of vears of studying what you want and now to get it
It\ 6* in -ridr Rrirnlnrlv -nr Little Fronie Kruse, *ty??V> See the windows to-day. It's going right to the factories In a big six-store T^ JT\ fr.r n« little a J t-iri««i'hlr> .; .
11 S 02 m. u-ide. Kegularly p;.i| 1i .V« ».;il • "W\v/ way and taking whole lines at a time, buying more* than we ever bought before. • S~45SL\ lur as llttle ab possible.
It's a good, sturdy cloth, bleached, every afternoon at 2 2 ?o * vw iflY We knew wc C0Uld sel1 mOre< Sec what R means to-morrow. _Sgy Sce al , (liosc black drcss hats with their i accs and j ct and these white
vet with a softness' and beauty that and a o'clock ' ' ' • J " J " J & X Y^rHc at Sr Y^rH r*-''-WP beauties of chiffon; and the flower hats, some of them entirely made ot
will dress any table. It's an oppor- x/ C C vfi/ f&t> <J\J\J\J 1 ft 1 VJo dL «JV- 1 Cl 1 V_l. / Wr moss, others of foliage; nature has been copied faithfully. The favorite
tunivv that should set hotel keepers •* " e 0ll S *>HCCesscs wV'^ 7 "vv r e are not going into detailB. W^e'd give you but a poor idea of the beauty >>. /[P 0 colorings — violets, champagnes, reds and soft blues — are here in numbers.
restaVim 3-eeuer<; <i- women think- <From Roly Poly) «# V and the variety. Cambric edgings from 1 to 4 inches wide, worth up to 10c yard. *<i-. V^k All between $4 7=, and So
S oY Hale-rtSa> to g?t here to- Dora, Ramona. Alone and others. R . It<s one of the »~J lm P° rtant offerin * s of the who1 ; lot " Sf£*j « . \^7 Then the bwuSful Paris hats, besides, and hats from London and New
morrow before it's all gone. 40c yard. And we'll sell them special. \s£%2> ' I0C * 2^ C ar "' W^j^T Y ° rk> bUt ~~
C6-ln. Damask. 75c yard. Its bleached. At l8c Copy. \J< Regularly I $C Olid 20C. ' ' Regular -$OC I'dlllCS. f&^K
22-3n a Napk1nil n to n match y ' s^'^sTozen uw^f "° ri ? ne wui 'want to miss 6000 ; 6s _ Flne nainsook , Bwlss and 5000 yards of handsome effects, in ,—£% M To-morrow will be like another first day of the millinery sea-
&'g rt>tr>MHe ' OWrwmwat . e C ri^ C rom a^Tn k B sTinri s fn.Tr d T^ \ -n. Women who were here last week will want to come again,
g&jj^jgffia SSp?" tO " Attention, Men! 8wlss> ° pen and b " nd effectS> ? tO 3 in ' SSSi^^fflrttaffi & to4 d fn. wide 8 ' " and -those who were not will surely not miss coming.
\\T • 4-O WhitA Qhis-fc iQn At 15c Yard. . At 38c Yard.
WriSt BagS W lllte MiirtS, 3VC Regular 2 B c values. . Regular 7S c values. ¦ . „ W?&
' It'a the slogan for Monday. &JT ¦*¦*'%. r ¦* /\ «T r% C? H A<1TA1* Cl ¦/>
xcw styles at old Prkcs. iis^astffl^ssiS^ss «» 9 5?i°c aas^ss"^uK« e Sr"^s^s^VkiK ' 00 ,7 a , rds h » a ~ me l »» tte ™- «' nai»«H,ic..w ta . and cambric suvio vjas nedier, out
Here's a 25c one for children. It's ffood or t k milIs tnuslin (ask your wife what * to 12 in. wide; insartions and headings, in blind effects, embroideries and flouncing*. S to 17 In. W1 de; open and blind ef- T t b > dQ j n downstairs this wce k.
leather, in blark a:)d colors, with that J^l mean 1 f ): he s< ? m h " P u J e l l ™ n - s0 2 Xo »** m., wide. fects. fc &
snake head clasp 25c is the neck and wrist bands; double front . Ot unusual interest to housekeepers.
Here's a 50c one for women, in walrus, mad? d> ' CXtra ful1 and s P lendld 'y Crnc^C I inon O r» r\ Rof iofo A ||a\/di- of /1Q/- I t<s a hand >* heater to heat a sin 8 le room - J ust P ut lt on &* s i et
tan or black; inside rackets fined with a Th ; most wanted sizes arP hPre , I4 \Vjldob LrlllCIl dllU DdLlCiLC rVllUVCl d I ttOL. " - and it burns with lots of heat. It's the lowest price we've ever seen
puree, raemcraiidum 1>ook and cologne 1414, 15 35^ 16 17«* and IS Yo - 't sold for "OC
IVui •a h si k flo f «« h Vnv° r vMr^iv r.t r,™ K aro lacking. That's the rlT- It's much less than half price; worth $1.50 and $2.00; onc of the most unusual values we've seen. It's ' 3 " _. . , ,. ..*,„„, oc » .
Ana at ?J <io -s anj \arietj of new son they are 39c. V\ e expect the rest to ->r> in 27 inches wirip- in <;nlirl rnlnrs with nrettv roinred fmhrniHerod flo'vers- r«»H .rrppti am | roval Kin* o,i^ rood Choppers, 88c. The Liniversal. the Kr». Pott's Sad Irosa, 8S0 sat. 3 Irons,
vrist baps in walrus, seal: chain han- be lacking by to-morrow n'.ght We ad- 23 inches wide, in solid colors, witn pretty colored emDiomerea no.vers, red, green and royal blue a,nd best: three knives; saves its cost in handle, stand, solid top. hold the
dies, nickel, oxidized or gold frames. vise early buying. many other pretty patterns. . saved foO d in no time. SSc. heat longer and are heavier. 85c set.
-. fS£T ' * v q Then these grass linen" batiste embroideries are the trimmings for your spring dress. Now is the time ____,
/&/ _^^%T^r^r\ tT.f%f>n*9 your Ecster dres* Edgings. 4 in., and insertions. 2 to 2Y 2 embroidery. 2 in. wide, and fancy fin- ' Edgings/ with pretty white, red. blue cur hair cressmg spe- «•_/ s *-^ ~~"j^
c- .^<*-~-, eiiifi.i*-'^' 1 / - jn W j (le . fleur (le jj Si c i O ver leaves and ished edged galloons with colored stitch- and green embroidering, ! to 1G in aa'ist tell you about it "EJ £i&%*\ >v f%*\n*s*k,
G O floral patterns. ing. 2 and 214 in. wide. wide. &:%£ q A "^nJj^W fgW^^