PRTCE FIVE CENTS
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH IS. 1904
VOLUME XCV— NO. 109.
NEW YORK, March 18.— The World 'has the following from Shanghai: The American
cruiser Cincinnati, which arrived at Chefu to-day, brings' a report that 300 Russians en
countered 200 Japanese near Pingyang, Korea. The Japanese force was annihilated.
RUSSIANS ANNIHILATE SMALL FORCE
OF JAPANESE SOUTH OF YALU RIVER
NEWLY APPOINTED- CHIEF OF
STAFF TO FAR EASTERN VICE
ROY ALEXIEFF.
War News ! Continued ' on Page 4.
v LIAOYANG, Manchuria, March 17.—
Troops are still "concentrating here and
are f orming v guerrilla detachments:.
Prices have ' risen • enormously.
-jLL— 1 — * — ; — — — : —a
dissatisfactions; probably, will .be re-,
moved ; when » the people thoroughly un
derstand ' that this paper -currency Is
easily exchanged f Into- Oliver Cat the
nearest army ' headquartera, '
Troops :- Arriving ' at ;¦ Liaoyang.
NEW YORK, March. 17. — The fol
lowing Californians have arrived in
New York: From San Francisco —
Harry Foley, Daniel Hanlon and Eddie
Hanlon. at the Hotel Rartholdl; M.
Kejelsberg, at the Park Avenue; G.
W. Klein and B. Levy, at the Herald
Square; M. L. Requa, at the Xether
land; J. Stafford and wife, at the Park
Avenue.' and L. Levis and Miss Levia,
at. the Hotel Imperial. From Los An
fjel.es — Dr. H. Bayliss. R. R. Greist and
J. M. Greist and wife, at the Navarr*,
and A. M. Wilson at the GrenoblQ.
California!** in New York.
; OMSK,* . Siberia. March 17.— The
,troopsv*passing through this town are
well" supplied ; with .warm; clothing,
partly provided by the Government and
partly^ by donation. The Siberian Cos
sacks equipped themselves for the cam*
paign at their own- expense, j
Cossacks < Buy Their Equipment.
BOSTON, March 17.— During the
investigation Into the Boston Gas Con
solidation methods to-day Henry H.
Rogers, vice president of the Standard
Oil Company, was an involuntary wit
ness. He refused to produce certain
memoranda on the ground that they
were immaterial. Counsel for the Bay
State Gas Company, which I3 bringing
the test suit, served Rogers with a
subpena to-night at the Hotel
Touraine, where he was reported to
be sick in bed. The lawyer said that
they would force the Standard ,Oil
magnate to produce the papers to-day
jor ."have him in Jail on contempt of
court under Massachusetts law.
Refuses ; to Produce Memoranda
: Needed at Investigation of Meth
ods of Boston Gas Combine.
STANDARD OIL MAGNATE
MAKES A POOR WITNESS
the men evidently are being saved for
greater work.
Contrary to my expectation, I : found
that the people are unfavorable to the
Japanese, which ; feeling grows acuter
to the northward. The Koreans, claim
that their, houses and fuel have- been
peremptorily taken and no payment
made.- ' ; ' ' ' •'¦ ... ' .. ' \ '¦, ¦ ¦ •..•'
|f At r_ Pingyang , the Koreans bitterly
resent such 'action on, the 'part of -the
officials,; and the state troops hereal
ready owe 100,000 yen ($50,000) for horses
and food taken. • To-day the army bor
rowed 100 ponies - and bullocks, ; thus
interfering with the cultivation: of the
land, on which the - people -wholly de
pend. • ; ¦••¦.¦¦¦» -•
In . defense the Japanese state 'that
they pay .fully for -: everything • taken
through the. KoTean local officials,
whose squeezing methods leave but lit
tle when the payment has reached 'the
people. The Japanese- Minister in Seoul
has officially; reported- this to the j Ko
ream Foreign ;¦ Office, • requesting that" a
remedy be; immediately applied.
Undoubtedly ; some dissatisfaction- is
traceable,; to j the 'reluctance of unedu
cated Korean \ villagers; to. take-Jap
anese pa per. currency,, they being used
heretofore only-* to- copper cash. 'Their
I have completed a ponyback trip of
five days through a country occupied
at all points, from Seoul to Pingyang,
by Japanese troops. Ordinary travel
ers are experiencing, the greatest diffi
culty in finding shelter. All available
places have been commandeered by the
Japanese.
The northward advance of their
troops is admirably.; planned and pro
gressing very leisurely. Small parties
aredetailed to occupy] each village and
PINGYANG, March 17.— There is lit
tle doubt, according to Russian sources
of information, that the operations in
this neighborhood . are meager and
practically worthless, where the Jap
anese have the advantage of facility
of disguise, rendering impossible much
investigation. Thus at Songchin re
cently a numerous party of Russian
scouts actually spent the. night in the
same" house with five Japanese troopers
disguised as Koreans, suspecting noth
ing. ,
All bodies of Russians now seen are
accompanied by Kcrrean arid Chinese
guides. The former are untrustworthy,
because they are so afraid of the Rus
sians that they will give, false infor
mation to persuade them to depart.
The men were stringing a trolley
wire at a switch about half a mile
from Los Garo's. j In switching the car
got away from them. It gained mo
mentum rapidly, and when the crash
came was going at a speed of more
than a mile a minute. A quarter of a
mile from where it started, at a curve,
it jumped khe track. When it* was
seen the brakes would not hold upon
the wet track the men jumped, escap
ing with a few scratches. The traffic
of the interurban was not interfered
with by the wreck.
SAN JOSE. March 17. — A construc
tion car upon the San Jose-Los Gatoa
Interurban Railway ran down a grade
at a frightful speed near Los Gatos
this afternoon and was wrecked. Two
linemen who were on the car
jumped and saved themselves.
Jump From Runaway Construction
Car Just Before It Leaves the
Track.
SPECTACULAR LEAP SAVES
LIVES OF TWO LINEMEN
SALT LAKE, March 17. — John Bat
teson, a prospector of American Fork,
who has delved in the creeks and
gulches of the West for thirty years
in a vain search for fortune, has fallen
heir to $100,000, the estate of a frugal
and industrious brother, who lived in
Pennsylvania.
Thirty years ago John Batteson de
termined to ' search for gold in the
West. He was warned against leav
ing home by his brother, but per
sisted. The latter remained in Penn
sylvania, lived a hard and sordid life
and managed to accumulate $100,000,
and dying, left it to his stubborn
brother, who is his only heir.
Prospector Who Sought in Vain for
Wealth With Pick and Shovel In
herits Brother's Savings.
FORTUNE COMES FRO3I
AN UNEXPECTED SOURCE
"Please make it known that the re
port is entirely unfounded. Beyond one
large and j several small . houses which
the shells destroyed on. March 10 every
thing is- intact." \
. The Viceroy also telegraphs from
Mukden, saying:
" • VThe .' situation ¦ has ; remained un
changed since: March 10. Part of the
fleet has madeseveral cruises after the
foe within a radius of fifty miles around
Port Arthur; but -could get no sight of
the enemy." — ¦-- -
The -Viceroy telegraphed as follows
yesterday from Mukden regarding the
reported evacuation of Port Arthur and
its occupation -by the Japanese, and the
statement that the new town was in
flames, as published by pro- Japanese
papers: : ."--...
CHEFU, March 17.— It is reported
that while the Russian torpedo-boat de
stroyer. Skorri was proceeding to Port
"Arthur after " a , scouting cruise on
Wednesday morning she was accident
ally, blown up by a misplaced mine,
only, four person's being saved.
Special Cable to The Call and Xew York
Herald.. Copyright, 1904, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
PINGYANG, March 16. — The present extensive land ¦ move
ments'in Korea are directed toward cutting the communications of
Port Arthur and Vladivostok, which are now considered of. prime
importance. High Japanese officers here. frankly state that there
will be serious fighting on Korean soil only if they are forced to it.
Their army will commence serious work after crossing the Yalu.
The Russian retreat tactics seem to permit this, rendering probable
that the first stand will occur on Manchurian soil. #
Correspondents proceeding north from Pingyang have been
stopped and thus the Japanese are the only ones giving out news.
They state that the Russians have withdrawn to Wiju. Two him- 1
dred and fifty Japanese cavalry have crossed An ju River and sup
ported small columns of infantry. The opposing scouts were occa
sionally in sight at long distances, but rarely clashed.
Recently, near Pacchun, shots ivere exchanged. The Japan
ese were outnumbered and lost one man. Somewhat to the south of
the American mine the Russians started to fortify two passes, but
desisted and withdrew.
Torpedo-Boat De
stroyer Is Sunk,
by a Mine.
S|>ecial Cablejjram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by
the Xew York Herald Publishing Company.
War Correspondent, of The Gall
Travels With Troops Through
Western Korea.
Bristow was asked as to how the
committee was to get possession of
certain of the confidential exhibits con
nected with his report. These exhibits
have been kept secret because of their
bearing on pending prosecutions. They
were used in making up the report
touching matter that,jvas submitted to
the House. Bristow told th'e committee
the reports " would be submitted to it
for confidential inspection.
The committee adjourned until Mon
day, when Bristow will resume his tes
timony.
The Question of Bartlett involving
the President was not touched upon
during the executive session of the com
mittee. The two inspectors* reports
marked "Q" and"R" were examined,
as also were a half dozen others. Chair
man McCall said the committee had
begun to realize that the task before
it -was larger than at first anticipated.
WILL SUBMIT EXHIBITS.
"Do I understand the chairman to
suggest that I should not ask that
question?" Inquired Bartlett.
McCall intimated that, without at
tempting to restrain Bartlett, he
thought the question should be consid
ered by the committee In executive ses
sion. He desired the matter left open
until the committee should go into ex
ecutive session.
"I will not pursue it further at pres
ent," concluded Bartlett.
The committee then went into execu
tive 'session.
hearsay evidence," declared Chairman
McCalL V
"It Is entirely outside of the scope
of our investigation," remarked Bur
ton.
"I have very sorrowful news to tell
you. I am here charged with a crime
of which I know absolutely nothing.
The crime is the lynching pf a negro
at Mojave last* Friday night. I swear
by all I love and ' reverence I know
nothing of it. Pray for me."
BAKERSFIELD, March 17.— Slowly
but surely the links in the chain of
evidence in the Mojave lynching are
being.forged by the officers, who from
the beginning have labored constantly
to learn the facts and truth of the
awful affair, j
At the jail last night William Clan
cey, one of the first to be arrested upon
suspicion of being implicated in. the
work of the mob, made a complete con
fession to Sheriff Kelly, telling of his
connection with the case and what
transpired during the affair on Friday
night. Clancey told much the same
story as the men who confessed to Dis
trict Attorney Laird at Mojave Tues
day evening. He said 'that he, with
others, had joined in the movement to
subject the negro, Cummings, to the
indignity of a coat of tar and feathers.
When the jail door was opened Cum
mings ran out of the jail and made
straight for the crowd in an angry and
demonstrative manner. When Cum
mings was a few feet from the prison
Cowan fired a shot in the air, and when
the negro continued advancing a sec
ond shot was fired. Then Cummings
attacked one of the crowd .and a scuf
fle ensued.
Clancey stated that the oil and feath
ers were applied after Cummings was
dead, and the body was then dragged
back into the Jail. In several . letters
which Cowan wrote to friends last
night he stoutly declares his inno
cence. In a letter written to his mother,
Mrs. R. Cowan of St. Johns, N. F., he
says:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
To this Jerome retorted that he was
after a certain member of the Univer
sity Club of New York, who, he aver
red, acted as a "tout" for Canfield.
"Let us understand each other,"
broke in Elsburg. "There is no con
sideration here for Canneld."
"Then why not give me a chance
to prosecute him, to send him to
State's prison?" asked Jerome. "Can
field will not stand trial. He will not
endanger the prominent men who
have patronized his resorts in New
York and Saratoga. Why, he has al
ready offered to plead guilty if he
could get off with a fine or a sus
pended sentence. But we don't pro
pose to let down on him.
"When I find a Legislature not dis
posed to enact a bill to assist me in
prosecuting an ex-convict and gam
bler, it does not conduce to my re
spect for the Legislature. All of us
holding public offices are a little bet
ter off for being watched carefully."
Jerome said he had found obstruc
tions and obstacles placed in his way
from the beginning, but he was deter
mined to pursue Canfield to the end
and to make it plain exactly from
whom he was receiving protection.
Senator Elsburg, chairman of the
committee, remarked that he had re
ceived letters from certain clubmen
protesting against the enacement of
the measure.
ALBANY. N. Y.. March 17. — "I
want to put Richard Canfield in
State's prison, and I want Reginald
Vanderbilt of New York as a witness
to help me do it," declared District
Attorney Jerome of Xew York City
to the Senate Codes Committee to-day
in the course of a hearing on a bill to
make it possible for a witness to give
testimony without having his evi
dence used against him and which
eliminates the excuse of declining to
testify through fear jot incriminating
himself.
NACO, Ariz.', March 17. — Pedro Ayon
and Jose Martinez, two Mexican high
waymen, who entered the Racket store
at Cananea last night, held up the pro
prietor and his clerks and started in to
loot place, are dead as the result of
a gun fight with Mexican gendarmes,
who caught them in the act.
J. H. Hooper, who returned to Naco
this afternoon, brought the news of the
affair. The Racket store is upon the
main street, and the Mexican robbers
entered by a rear door, according to the
story told by Hooper.
Ayon and Martinez were heavily
armed, and the storekeeper . and his
clerks, being taken unawares, lost no
time in holding up their hands, while
the robbers started for the safe and
money drawer. . A citizen on the outside
happened to hear the command of the
desperadoes and quietly informed the
officers. Four of these hurriedly entered
by the front door, leveled their guns at
the heads of the robbers and ordered
them to hold up their hands. Their
command was disregarded by Ayon and
Martinez, who started for the back
door, where they had tied horses to be
used in ma*king their escape. The of
ficers, seeing they were about to lose
their men, opened a deadly fire. Ayon
and Martinez dropped behind some bar
rels in the back of the store and re
turned a fusillade from their repeating
rifles. The officers were as determined
and desperate as the bandits, and when
the smoke cleared away Ayon had been
shot dead and Martinez was mortally
wounded. Martinez died a few hours
later. : v
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"I understand General Bristow to
»a.y he did not know. It. could be only
"Ought not we to inquire Into whose
hands it went?" asked Richardson of
Alabama. . ¦
"I don't think you ought to ask
that," interrupted Burton, "it was not
within the scope of our investigation."
"Well," broke in Bartlett, "we can
not get the President here, and there
have been hints in the newspapers
about this."
"Have you ever had any conversation
with the President that would lead you
to believe so?" asked Bartlett.
TRYING TO TRACE REPORT.
•"I don't know. I have been told, but
1 have no knowledge of it," answered
Uristow. --:;¦¦» s
"Do you know whether or not this
report came directly from the hands of
the Postmaster General without going
into some one else's hands for inspec
tion or perusal before it was sent to
the Postoffice Committee of the
House?"' aeked Bartlett.
"I had nothing further personally
to do with the matter," continued Bris
tow. "I am Informed that the Post
master General asked that the office
of the Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General prepare the information asked
for, and that it was prepared by in
spectors and tutned over to the Post
master General by the chief inspector."
The night of January 25, Bristow
eaid, he was taken sick with the • grip
and he had been unable to be in his
office until last Monday, March 14.
The first information referred to is
that concerning the lease cases of
Representatives Wadsworth of New
Tork, Lilly of Connecticut and Bower-
Eock of Kansas. The second letter re
cited that there were a number of
caBes where "illegal and Improper al
lowances were made," and that It
would require time to make a compila
tion. ¦ It also stated that there were
many cases where the rents of postof
flces had been increased over the
amount called for In the leases.
In answer to this Overstreet wrote
the Postmaster General asking for ad
ditional information.
DID NOT PREPARE REPORT.
The clerk hire section, he said, was
prepared in the office of the First As
sistant Postmaster General, and that
part relating to leases by inspectors
and others In his own department.
BriEtow's testimony threw much
light on all phases of the inquiry. He
practically cleared members of Con
gress from wrongdoing: touching the
clerk hire section of the report by
Etating that it was the duty of the
First Assistant's office to ascertain the
condition of the work in an office where
en increase had been recommended.
Bristow was asked how the special
report was made up. In reply he said
that on January 22 of this year the
Postmaster General referred to him
the letter from Overstreet which ap
pears in the report. He personally pre
pared the statement contained on pages
4 and 5 and transmitted it to Over-
Etreet with the letter appearing on
pap es € and 7, which was sent by mes
cenger on the forenoon of January 25.
WASHINGTON. March 17.— Fourth
Assistant Postmaster General Bristow,
in testifying before the House Special
Committee on the Postoffice Report, to
day claimed for himself responsibility
for only the first seven pages of tho
icport which was sent to the Postof
fice Committee, and said the other
portions of the document were the
work of other officials of the depart-
Prisoner Cowan, Who Is Accused of
Having Shot the Negro, Still As
serts His Innocence.
Promises to Submit Confidential Ex
hibits to Members of Committee •
for Inspection.
Officers Open Fire on Highwaymen.
When Smoke Clears Away Hold-Dp
Men Are Found Dead.
Says Legislature Is Not Disposed to
Assist Him in Prosecution of the
New York Gambler.
Says He Is Responsible Only
lor First Seven Pages
of Document
Bandits Are Surprised in
the Act ol Robbing a
¦ Storekeeper.
Complains That Obstacles
Are Being Placed in
His Way.
Authorities Now Learning
Trntfi. of the Murder
ol Cummiiigs.
Tells of Preparation
of Postoffice
Report
Pierce Battle Takes
Place in a Town
of Mexico.
Gives Vent to Peel
ings on toe Can-
Held Case. •
Tells o! the Part He
Took In Mojave
Lynching.
BRISTOW
GIYES HIS
TESTIMONY
GENDARMES
SHOOT AND
KILL THUGS
ATTORNEY
JEROME IN
ANGRY MOOD
SUSPECT
CLANCEY
CONFESSES
J! ) -*H£ THEATEB3,
• —*^ ! • .
• - AlcEsar— # "Far »lf al."
' CaUJcrnlft — "The Old Mill
Central— "Shamus O'Britn."
Columbia, — "The Silver Slipper.**
-Chutes — VaudeviUe. f. ;'¦ ' ¦_¦
Flsehex's — "The Soundsri."
Orphetun — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "The Gypsy Baron."
THE W£ATS£B/ *
rorccast made at San rran
cicco for thirty hours endtnsr
midnlyht. March 18:
San Francisco and vicinity-
Cloudy Friday; profcafcly show
ers; brisk southerly winds.
A. G. Me AD IE,
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.NEW TOKK. March 17.— The Middlesex and
Somerset Traction Company . of ' New- Jersey,
which has fifty mi!. 1 * or track in Middlesex
and Somerset counties, i» reported -to have
been Hold to tbe Public Service Corporation of
New Jftraer for $2. 200.000.
FORT SMITH, Ark., March. ,17.—
John F. Carroll of Parkersburg, W.
Va.. a geologist and author of stand
ard works on geology, died to-day at
Waldron, Ark. ? < "
Death Claims. a Noted Geologist.
OMAHA, Nebr., March. 17.— A re
ceiver was appointed to-day for . the
Paxton Hotel, one of the largest In the
city, the court finding that the presi
dent of the company managing the ho
tel, James B. Kitchen, owed the mi
nority stockholders $150,000 from undi
vided profits and that he had not con
ducted the, business properly.
Receiver Is Appointed for a Hotel.
MARYSVILLE, March ;17.-rDr. J.
G. Cannon of Yuba City, Sutter Coun
ty, died at an early hour this morn
ing after an Illness of several we jks.
He-- celebrated his seventy-eighth
birthday January 7. Since 1853 Dr.
Cannon practiced medicine ; In this
vicinity and ".'the time of his death
enjoyed a lucrative practice. He was
popular with all classes of : people. A
widow and three daughters /survive
him.
Death Calls Yuba Pioneer.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn... March 17.—
In the Federal court here to-day W.
J. Oliver of this city was appointed
receiver of the Tennessee Central
Railroad. He was appointed upon ap
plication of M. N. Elkan & Co. of
South Carolina, sub-contractors, who
sued for a balance of $44,000 due on
construction work. The bill also
charges that there are many other
liabilities, aggregating more than $2.
000,000.
Oliver Appointed Receiver.
The death of General Thomas was as
dramatic as hla removal.; . He had
served In the Civil War, but had never
made an application for a ; pension
while In receipt of other income. ; To«
day,;after ineffectual, efforts to secure
other work, he; was, in a" lawyer's of
fice v preparing a pension application.
It was i while thus engaged that he fell
dead. He was ,70 years of age. ",
\ General Thomas was appointed ap
praiser of the port of Chicago by Prei-
The removal of General Thomas from,
office" a few weeks ago was one of th?
mo%t picturesque incidents known In
politics he're.V Seated under the folds
of a United States flag. General Thom
as remained at his desk, refusing to
give way until dispossessed by the
actual arrival of hl9 successor. Lyman
T. Hoy. who was the manager of the
campaign that'resulted In the election
of United States Senator Albert J. Hop
kins. ' ' . . . ' ¦ - " 1 -¦'¦¦'¦ ' ' : \ .
CHICAGO. March 17.— General K. R.
Thomas, who .was recently ousted as
Federal appraiser at the port of Chi
cago,'dropped dead to-day. Heart dis
ease Is supposed to be the cause.
While Seated In a Law Office.
General K. R. Thomns Drops Dead
DEATH COMES SUDDENLY.
MODESTO, March 17. — A commit
tee of citizens of Modesto to-day com
pleted raising $5400 by subscription to
celebrate the advent of water In the
irrigation dltche3 of Modesto and Tur-j
lock Irrigation districts.. The celebra
tion will be held April 22 and 23.
Modesto Plans Celebration.
CHICAGO. March 17.— Jesse Spald
ing, one of the most prominent capi
talists of Chicago, died at his home to
day after a long illness of stomach
trouble. Mr. Spalding was selected by
President Harrison as Government di
rector of the Union Pacific Railway.
Death of a Chicago Capitalist.
Archbishop Farley Sails for Naples.
ROME, March 17.— Archbishop Farley
of New York left to-day for Naples,
whence he will sail to-morrow for
home. The Archbishop said he had
13?en touched and delighted by the kind
way he » had been treatc ! during his
four weeks' stay here by all, from the
Pope to the lowest prelate.
BERLIN, March 17.— Mandelstamm,
whom Chancellor von Bulow named in
the Reichstag on February 29 as one
of the leading protestants against the
Government's attitude toward Russia,
is not included in the list of thirty Rus
sian students expelled from Germany.
He anticipated such an order by flight
to Switzerland, Frau Zetkin, in a re
cent speech at Breslau, gave the fol
lowing details of his past:
"Hats off to Mandelstamm, twice de
ported to Siberia. Once, on a long
march to the icy plains, the convicts,
almost without food owing to the em
bezzlement of a commissary officer,
complained to the commander of the
escort, who, lining them. up, said: 'Who
objects?' One man stepped forward,
and the officer shot him. Turning pleas
antly to the others the commander In
quired: 'Has any one efse a wish?' A
second man stepped out of the line, and
the commander shot 1.1m dead and
again asked if any one complained.
Mandelstamm said: 'Yes; I do.' The of
ficer, overcome by this fearlessness,
listened to the protest, and supplied the
convicts with food. This was the cour
age of the despised Russian Jew."
Frau Zetkin Relates Incident of
Russian Jew Who Escaped De
portation From Germany.'
PAYS STRONG TRIBUTE
TO MEXDELSTAMj>1'S PLUCK
Attorney Davis was disbarred last
August for his connection with the
case of John K. Summer, an aged
capitalist, whose relatives sought to
secure his estate. During the litiga
tion most of Summer's fortune was
absorbed.
HONOLULU, March 17.— In the dis
barment case of Attorney G. A. Davis,
United States District Judge Dole to
day decided that disbarment was un
called for. The court, however, found
the attorney guilty of miscdnduct in
exacting an unprofessional fee in the
Summer case, and ordered' that he be
suspended from practice in the Fed
eral court for three months. The de
cision exonerates Attorney Davis from
the principal charges on which he was
disbarred by the Territorial Supreme
Court.
Judge Dole Decides That Honolulu
Attorney Is Guilty of Unprofes
sional Conduct. -
DAVIS CAN'XOT PRACTICE
DP THE FEDERAL COURTS
The rainfall was general north of
the Tehachapi. Another storm, fol
lowing close on the heels of the first,
was reported from Oregon last even
ing, but McAdie thinks the new vis
itor will go East without coming as
far south as San Francisco. Showers
for California. Oregon and Washing
ton is the prediction for to-day.
Yesterday's rain, combined with
temperature high enotigh to melt the
snow In the mountains, will cause the
Yuba, American, Feather and Sacra
mento rivers to rise to the danger
point to-day, according to Professor
McAdie of the Weather Bureau.
The winds were unusually high yes
terday. A velocity of fifty miles «in
hour was reported at Point Reyes,
thirty-four at Winnemucca, forty
eight at North Head, fifty-six at Ta
toosh Island and thirty-six at Sacra
mento. The wind was strong from,
the south off shore and ships near Jthe
coast are likely to experience dirty
weather.
Professor McAdle Predicts Another
Dangerous Deluge.
DETROIT, Mich., March 17.— Henry
T. Thurber, a well-known attorney of
this city, who was private secretary to
President Cleveland during his second
term, died to-day. He was operated
upon for appendicitis two weeks ago.
Henry T. Thurbcr Passes Away.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.,' March 17.— The
Right Rev. Louis Mark Fink, Bishop
of the Leavenworth diocese of the
CatHolic church, died at his home at
Kansas City, Karis., to-day of pneu
monia. He .was born' in Bavaria in
1834, came to the United States in 1852,
was ordained priest in 1S57 and was
consecrated Bishop in 1871.
Former Senator Moody Passes Awny.
LOS ANGELES, March 17.— Gideon C.
Moody, who was the first United States
Senator from -South Dakota and a col
league of Senator Pettigrew, of that
State, died at his home at 1019 Beacon
street, this city, this afternoon, aged
74 years.
Death Summons n Noted Prelate.
MODESTO, March 17. — Henry Mil
ler, aged 73 years, the father of six
teen children, fourteen of whom and
their mother still live, died at his
ranch near Modesto to-day. Miller
came to this county in 1866 and set
tled on the ranch where he died. He
was well known throughout this end
of San Joaquin Valley. ••>
Father of Large Family Dies.
ST. PAUL, March 17. — Official an
nouncement was made of several Im
portant changes that will soon be
made in the personnel of the execu
tive department of the Northern Pa
cific Railroad. W. H. Phipps, land
commissioner in Montana, who has
resigned to go into private business,
will be succeeded by General Manager
Thomas Cooper. H. J. Horn, now
general manager of the Northern Pa
cific coal lands in Washington, will
succeed Cooper. J. F. Menzies has
been appointed in charge of the coal
lands in the State of Washington. Rob
ert Pettigrew becomes general man
ager of coal lands in Montana.
Northern Pacific to Make Chances.
RIVERS ARE RISING.
-United States Embassador Choate,
the other Embassadors and Ministers
and many peers and members of .the
House of Commons called at Gloucester
House in the course of the afternoon.
The King and Queen went to Gloucester
House this afternoon to offer their per
sonal, condolence to the relatives of the
Duke. -
. It is not generally known to the pres
ent generation that the Duke of Cam
bridge's wife was a burlesque actress
and dancer named Farebrother. She
was very well known in 1840 or there
abouts, and made a great sensation
playing in burlesque at the Lyceum
Theater. She died in 1890. Neither the
peerage nor other reference books men
tion her marriage, which was not rec
ognized officially by Queen Victoria, al
though the latter visited Mrs. ,Fitz
george.
The death of the Duke of Cambridge
necessitates the postponement or can
cellation of all royal functions, as the
court will go Into, mourning for several
weeks, and the programme for the
whole London season will have to be
revised.
The title of the Duke of Cambridge
died with the late Duke, his sons being
born . of a morganatic marriage. His
death also places at the disposal of the
King a field marshal's baton, as well as
an order of the Garter.
Cousin of the Late Queen Victoria
Passes Avrny In London.
f LONDON,.; March. 17.— The. Duke, of
Cambridge died at' 10:35 1 o'clock this
morning. ; He was a cousin of the late
Queen Victoria. He was born March
26, 1819. \'
The Duke died peacefully at Glouces
ter House, his Georgian residence on
Park lane. He had been confined to ,hi8
house for some weeks, but until com
pelled to take to his bed he was, as had
been his custom, a constant attendant
at functions of a national or charitable
character.
. When it was announced a month ago
that the Duke was obliged to forego
his annual visit to the south of France
it was recognized that his chances of
recovery were slight. King Edward and
Queen Alexandra had been constant
visitors to the sickroom, while the
Duke's sons, Admiral and Colonel Fltz
george, were almost incessantly at his
bedside.
DUKE OF CAMBRIDGE DEAD.
.OAKLAND, March 17. — Sarah E.
NorthrUp, aged 63 years, died this
morning at her home, 1052 Third
avenue. The deceased was a native of
Massachusetts and had resided In
Oakland for the last thirty-five years.
Mrs. M. Flaherty died this morning
at her home, 1887 Valdez street. The
deceased was the mother of Profes
sor M. C. Flaherty of the University
of California.
Alnmcda County Deaths.
Sacramento Loses a Pioneer Citizen.
SACRAMENTO. March 17.— Milo A.
Burke, one of Sacramento's oldest and
wealthiest citizens, is dead at the age
of 76 years. He came to California in
1849 and mined for a time. During the
construction of. the Central Pacific Rail
road >over the mountains he was a
member of the firm of Sisson, Crocker
& Co., which furnished all the supplies
to the company. The firm was after
ward bought out by the Pacific Im
provement Company.
NEW YORK, March 17.— Failure of
the project to establish a day nur
sery at the St. Louis exposition Is
likely to lead, says the Herald, to the
resignation of Miss Helen Oould from
the' board of lady managers. Miss
Gould was chairman of the day nur
sery committee and, it is understood,
consented to serve largely because of
her interest in that particular project.
ST. LOUIS, March 17. — The board
of lady managers of the World's Fair
has received no intimation of the in
tention of Miss Ho!en Gould to resign,
as rumored, because of the abandon
ment of the plans, for a day nursery
in which Miss Gould was particularly
interested. Misa Lavina Egan. secre
tary to the board, made this state
ment to-day, and added that the ru
mor is regarded as entirely without
foundation.
. Louis Fair Will Not Affect Its
Promoter.
Failure of Day Nursery Project for St.
DENIES THAT MISS GOULD
WILL TENDER RESIGNATION
From present' appearances, it is prob
able that taking of testimony will not
begin before Monday morning, as Judge
Cook declines to hold a session on Sat
urday. . . *--;
During the hour of adjournment Dun
ning and Byington had a consultation
lasting nearly an hour, participated in
by Detective ¦"McVey" of Wilmington.
Del., and Dr. Downs and Wolfe of
Dover. At the conclusion the twelve
Eastern witnesses returned to the Oc
cidental Hotel, where they are stop
ping. :
The . twelve witnesses who arrived
from the East Wednesday night were
all in the District Attorney's office dur
ing the morning. None of them came
into the courtroom until just before the
adjournment of the "morning session,
when Dr. P. S. Down*; Joshua D..Deanc
and Harry C. Pennlngton pushed their
way through the crowded aisle H and
walked over to where Byington was
standing. They chatted for awhile and
then returned with • him to. his 'office.
John P. Dunning, husband of the mur
dered woman, kept studiously but of
eight, as did the women of the party.
Mrs. Botkin was much less contained
than on the previous day. For the
most part she sat leaning heavily with
her elbows on the table in front of her
ar.d - her face buried in a handkerchief.
Occasionally when the District Attor
ney would pronounce the word "mur
der" her shoulders would heave con
vulsively, but no sound came from her
lips. At the end of the examination of
talesmen the strain upon her relaxed
and she spoke in a low tone to her
Eister beside her without any appear
ance of excitement.
Judge Cook ended the discussion by
ordering the box brought in and froiT.
It one hundred names were -drawn.
They, were given to the Sheriff and are
returnable at 10:30 o'clock this morn
ing. ¦ . ¦ i y
DEFENDANT NERVOUS.
The venire was exhausted during the
afternoon session and another one was
Issued for one hundred talesmen. Dis
trict Attorney Byington made the sug
gestion that the Sheriff be empowered
to go out and select the talesmen with
out the formality of drawing the names
from the box, as in that way he could
summon them more quickly and the
examination could be continued during
the afternoon. Judge Cook looked
favorably on the suggestion, but At
torney Knight would have none of it.
During the discussion something of r.
tilt ensued between Byington and
Knight. Knight said that drawing
from the box was the regular method
of summoning talesmen and he insisted
that it be continued.
Only two others escaped challenges
for cause and dismissals. One was J.
E. Collins, who conducts a grocery store
at 221 Point Lobos avenue. He an
swered all questions satisfactorily and
was passed, but for some reason wa3
peremptorily challenged by the prose
cution. The other was Benjamin G.
Eldridge of 1424 Broderick street, who
started out with an opinion, but con
cluded he could discard it and return
a verdict strictly in accordance with
the evidence as adduced at the trial.
Attorney Knight" was skeptical and
used up one of his fast-diminishing
peremptories in dismissing the tales
man. At present the defense has four
peremptories left SQtlsLhffl prosecution
five.
A spirited discussion was heal be
tween Mrs. Botkin and Attorney*
Knight and McGowan as to the 'ad
visability of accepting O'Connor as t\
juror. Mrs. Botkin seemed to favor
him and at length, to the relief of all
the officers of the court, the defense an
nounced its willingness to allow O'Con
nor to act as one of the panel. He is
the tenth juror chosen so far. f
TWO PEREMPTOIUES.
He was in Alaska at the time of the
first trial and consequently Ignorant of
the . proceedings at that time. Since
then he has read nothing further of
the case beyond the fact that witnesses
on behalf of the prosecution were ex
pected to arrive from the East. Attor
ney Knight, who has been opposing
counsel in some litigation in which
O'Connor- was involved, asked him
pointedly whether or not he harbcred
eny resentment against him on that
account, to which the talesman replied
in the negative.
Out of forty-three talesmen exam
ined in Judge Cook's court yesterday
on the retrial of Cordelia Botkin,
charged with the murder of Mrs. Eliz
abeth Dunning by sending her from
this city to Dover, Del., a boz of
poisoned candy, of Which she partook
and from the effects of which she aied.
only one man answered satisfactorily
the interrogatories propounded by Dis
trict Attorney Byington and Georg-i A.
Knight, attorney for the defendant.
He is William M. O'Connor, a capital
ist, and resides at the St. Dunscan
Hotel on the corner of Van Ne3s ave
nue and Sutter street.
SACRAMENTO, March 17. — The
lockout of unions connected with the
building trades continues and both
sides appear prepared for a long and
hard-fought contest, although there is
an element working quietly for an early
and peaceful settlement. President
Scott F. Ennis of the Citizens' Alliance
said to-day that the alliance has grown
in two- days from 150 to 850 members,
and that in a few weeks Tt will number
1500 employers of labor and their sym
pathizers. He said the alliance would
shortly establish permanent offices and
would have a staff of eight lawyers to
look out for whatever litigation may
arise. The unions, on the other hand,
maintain that they are in a position to
continue their fight without work for
five years, if necessary.
It is generally recognized that a
speedy settlement of the troubles la
necessary, in order that the material
interests of the city may not suffer.
The indications had all pointed to this
being an unusually prosperous year for
the builders, as many business houses
and homes have been contracted for,
but all work on them must cease pend
ing a settlement. President Ennis de
clares that from now on Sacramento
shall be an "open shop" town, and that
while no discrimination will be made
against union men they must consent
to work alongside non-union men. Both
factions .are confident of success, and
the developments of the next few days
are anxiously awaited by those having
building improvements under way.
Special Dispatch to The Call
R. Allyn Lewis, who is believed to
be at the bottom of the plot devised
to wreck the bank and who is out on
$12,000 bonds, has returned to New
York and appears to be not in the
least disturbed.
ident McKinley several years ago, and
he served continuously until removed
fn:m the position by President Roose
velt within the last month. Deceased
was adjutant general under Governui
Brownlow of Tennessee during the
Civil War and was subsequently
Speaker of the Illinois Legislature.
TUCSON. Ariz.. Match 17.— John
Dessart, president of the defunct Inter
national Bank at Nogales, which was
looted by its officers, has gone insane.
Several prominent physicians who fex
amihed him this afternoon announce
that he is suffering from a severe at
tack of melancholia. Dessart is out on
bond for several charges of embez
zling large sums. •
After the failure of the bank and
the release of Its officers on bonds
there was both talk and fear of mob
violence, and this preyed upon the
bank president's mind. He imagines
that the people of the town are rising
against him and is in constant fear of
his life. For a time it was thought
that he was feigning insanity to es-'
cape punishment, . but the physicians
say that it is a genuine case and un
less there is a decided Improvement
Dessart will be taken to an asylum.
It is said that some of the heaviest
losers and those who have brought
charges will object to the removal, as
well as his bondsmen.
NAPA, March 17.— A heavy rain fell
Wednesday night and to-day. The river
is out of its banks and is flowing acros^
First street, near Chinatown. There has
been a fall of over 2.5 inches at Calis
toga in the last twenty-four hours. The
rainfall in Napa Wednesday night and
to-day amounted to 1.78 inches, making
a total for the season of 25.22 Inches.
Last season at this date the fall
amounted to 21.60 inches.
MARYSVILLE. March 17.— A heavy
rain has been falling here for the past
twenty-four hours. The Yuba and
Feather rivers are slowly rising. The
small streams are running bank full
and retarding travel.
SANTA ROSA, March 17.— A severe
rainstorm began here last night and
continued all day. It Is feared damage
will result If the rain continues
throughout the night. Traffic, is again
blocked on the California Northwestern
by a landslide above Cloverdale. The
rainfall to date is 27% inches, as against
27.69 inches at this date last year.
SAN RAFAEL, March 17.— Within
the last twenty-four hours the precipi
tation has been nearly five Inches.
Great damage is being done through
out Ross Valley and Kent by the over
flowing of San Anselmo Creek. Re
ports from Bollnas, Point Reyes and
other points Indicate that all streams
ore far over their banks and that thou
sands of acres of land are inundated.
The rainfall at Mill Valley and Sausa
lito is greater than at this place. It is
fully expected that when the tide rises
to-night and backs up near Escalle the
North Shore road will be unable to
operate its trains. The rainfall for the
past twenty-four hours 13 4.24 Inches.
For the season 30.72 Inches has fallen.
Up to this date last year 34.23 Inches
was recorded.
SANTA CRUZ, March 17.— A heavy
rain has been falling here all day.
DIXON, March 1".— Rain has been
falling here steadily for the past twen
ty-four hours and is doing irreparable
Injury to the crops. In Maine Prairie
the people are deserting their homes.
The Rio de los Putos, a stream which
separates Yolo and Solano counties, is
overflowing its banks and the farmers
are removing their stock to places of
safety. «
SACRAMENTO, March 17.— A heavy
storm of rain aTid wind prevailed In the
Sacramento Valley last night and to
day. Up to this date this season Sac
ramento has had 13.18 Inches of rain.
The snow at Summit, on the Central
Pacific, is eleven feet deep.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. March 17.— A
steady rain set in this morning from
the south.
Eastern Witnesses Visit the
District Attorney's Office.
Defendant Is Nervous
President of Alliance Says
Lawyers Will Be Engaged
to Look Out for Litigation
All Points From San Luis
Obispo to Marysville Are
Victims of the Downpour
Constant Fear of Violence
Makes Unfortunate Official
a Victim of .Melancholia
MALADY NOT FEIGNED
A NEW VENIRE ORDERED
BOTH SIDES AEE FIR3I
STREAKS ALL SWOLLEN
Early and Peaceful Settle
ment of Labor Trouble at
the Capital Is Hoped For
William II. O'Connor, Cap
italist, Is Accepted as a
Juror in the Murder Trial
President of Looted Xogales
Bank Is Pronounced In
sane by His /Physicians
Eeports From North and
South Indicate an Alarm
ing Condition of Affairs
Commander Sewell leaves three
young daughters, a father in UnadHla,
N. Y.; a sister. Mrs. George A. Kent of
Binghamton, N. Y., and a brother,
Judge Sewell. His wife died some four
years ago from a similar complaint
contracted, It is thought, while Com
mander Sewell was on duty In Japan.
The funeral services will be held at
the navy yard on Saturday and the
remains will be accorded the full hon
ors due a military governor. The body
will be sent East for interment.
Commander Sewell was born in No
vember, 1851. He entered the Naval
Academy September 26, 1867, grad
uating with the class of 1871. He
wag well known in this city, having
been attached to the navy yard at
various times. Some years ago he
was married at Mare Island to a
daughter of Commodore Moore, then
6n duty at the yard. He became Gov
ernor'of Guam August 1. 1903, serv
ing in that capacity until his last ill
ness. ''
. During the Spnnish War* Command
er Sewell was the executive officer of
the dynamite cruiser Vesuvius. He
reached the grade of commander in
January, 1902, and In the following-
July was placed in command of the
United States ship Supply and went in
that vessel to Guam, where he served
as naval Governor until his return to
the United States.
VALLEJO, March 17.— Commander
William E. Sewell, former (governor of
the Island of Guam» who was brought
here . for treatment, Mled early this
mornlnir at the Naval Hospital. His
death was not entirely unexpected.
His brother, Justice A. H. Sewell of
New York, and his father-la-'.aw,
Commander Moore, retired, were with
him at the last.
Commander Sewell had been a suf
ferer from' an abscess of the liver in
a very. rare form, brought on, It Is
relieved,*. by many years of service off
and on In the tropics. He had suf
fered from the disease for years. In
December last Commander Sewell was
placed upon the sick list and his con
dition was so serious during the home
ward trip from Guam that it Atas be
lieved he would not reach this port
alive. Immediately upon his arrival
here he seemed to improve.' Ten days
ago the attending physicians stated
that the case, while serious, was not
necessarily fatal. Several operations
were performed to give him tempo
rary relief and a few days ago his
condition was so favorable that the
physicians stated that if he could only
hold his own for a week he would
have a fighting chance for life.
Wednesday he lapsed into uncon
sciousness and late that afternoon
was sinking bo rapidly that his three
little daughters were summoned to his
bedside.
WORRY WEAKENS
DESSART'S MIND
BOTKIN PANEL
GROWS BY ONE
LONG CONTEST
NOT EXPECTED
ENTIRE STATE
GETS WETTING
FORMER NAVAL
GOVERNOR OF
GUAM IS DEAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL!, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1904
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Chas. Kellus & Co.
Excl u s Ive
High-Grade Clothiers
I»"o Dranch Stores. Ho Acenti.
EVIDENCE OP TALENT
PREVAILS THROUGHOUT
OUR SMART CLOTHES.
MAKERS WITH MERIT
CONTRIBUTE TOWARD
THEIR CONSTRUCTION.
WE PIT YOU CORRECTLY.
I 1 jir ®
/j\ I 1 1 1 ' ' M^ '
K e a r n y S,.t.r,.e e t
Th.url o w B lock
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tor tne a N extensive line of long
Young; Fellows -r\ pants suits for the outh
** - of 14 to 19— in latest swell
in their homespun and cheviot effects—
_ single and double breasted.
. I eenS COur cut and styles this season
a£ wi| l please the most critical
young fellow.
$ 1 OM and $ 12=
ROOS BROS.
$15^2 KEARNYATPOST
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drupfiists refund the money if it falls to cure.
E. \V. Grove 1 * elenature li on each box. 25c •
DR. IIIIJKEB'S SWAMP-IKXJT^ ,'-.---
Thonsanfls of Women Have Kiflney
Trouble ami Iyer Suspect It
' 1 WOMEN suffer untold misery be-
DIDN'T KKOW I KAO KIDNEY TROUBLE cause the nature of their disease is
' not always correctly understood; in
I b.a trs«> so many remedies without their many cases when doctoring they are
fcavtec* beiirtttd me that I wa. about d*- led to believe that womb trouble or
coura**a. but in a few days after takin* your female weakness of some sort is re-
wonderful Swamp-Hoot I began to feel better, sponsible for their ills when in fact
i was cut cr health and run down generally; disordered kidneys are the chief cause
of their distressing troubles. Perhaps
f .^^. - * y° u suffer almost continually with
yy^''^ . pain in the back, bearing dovfn feel-
. Sf - f -*fc,"v H /S^V\. > n R s « headache and utter exhaustion.
//fo%1 :^«Bl5cft%|y^N " Your poor health makes you
// y=**^^^r^^^^-^V\ nervous, irritable and at times de-
//p;:^^»^^^^^^S^^ spnndent; but thousands of just such
:^^^^^^@kf-\\ suffering or broken down women are
/ ' ' :^'"^SJaalSlllX being restored to health and strength
,' '."• jSmfiealP^Ss^^^JJUffi ' * \\ every day by the use of that wonder-
¦• -^ Rootl the eat kidnc >'' liver and
Why Swamp-Root Gives Strength
IIP^^^^^0^^'^^f^^^W - V>ot on 'y does Swamp-Root bring
W*^4' ; : ''^»*^a ': : ' : M^ r - !^-\- "''£^2. I new ''^ e ant^ activity to the kidneys,
\ r^-^^^^^^j /; ; i£s^s^?Z if the cause of the trouble, but by
V^M^t^'^t-'i'^^^W-P^ /I strengthening the kidneys it acts as a
\^^ :^^^^^K--MB^'/I general tonic and food for the entire
VV constitution.
\\ /fa vVin.'Sj^apRSgjSS y/ The mild and extraordinary effect
'^i? ¦'¦ ¦?¦;!! t; ' \y/r °f tne world-fa;nous kidney and blad-
_ >» e'er remedy, Swamp-Root, is soon
\^\ MRS. A. L. WALKER. \Jff realized It stands the highest for
W* VIN its wonderful cures of the most dis-
had no arr-me. wa. dirrr and .uffer*d with treSsin S CaSC . S - A trial will convince
h^dache n^t of the time, i did net know any one-and you may have a sample
that my kidneys were the causa of my trouble. b ° T ttle *«« fr^? b y «">'• , '
but romehow felt they might be. and 1 began _ In taking Dr. Kilmers Swamp-
taking s«an: P -Root. a* above stated. There i. Root you afford natural help to Na-
* U ch a riea.art ta.te to Swamp-Root, ar.d it ture. for Swamp-Root is the most per-
Fots risht to the eP ot ar.d drives disease oat of » ect healer and gentle aid to the kid-
tfce ryftcm. It has cured me. and I cheerfully ne y s that ever been discovered,
recommend it to ail tufterers. Don't make any mistake, but remem-
Gratefuiij- yours, her the name, Swamp-Root, Dr. Kil-
«Rs. a. l.. walker, mcr's and the address,
•i\ McDanM Ft.. Atlanta, Ga. Binghamton, N. Y., on every bottle.
EDITORIAL KOTICE. — N*o matter how many doctors you have tried — no
inattrr how much mon^y you may have spent on other medicines, you really owe
It to yourself, and to your family, to at least sive Swamp-Root a trial. Its strong-
est friends tr>-day are those who had almost given up hope of ever becoming
wrll Bjrain. So successful is Swarap-Ror>t In promptly curing even the most dis-
trrpsmp oases, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle
and a book of valuable information. »>oth sent absolutely free by mail. The book
contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received
from men and women cured. The value and success of Swamp-Root is so well
known that our readers are advised to s?nd for a sample bottle.
In writins to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. X. Y., be sure to say that you
r^atf this generous offer in The San Francisco pally Call. The proprietors of
this papor guarantee the genuineness of this offer. If you are already convinced
that Swsmp-Ront is what you need, you can purchase the regular fifty-cent and
one-dollar size bottles at all drug stores everywhere.
Limited. j^^^ J I X^^P^il
I better than, other trans-. (&&J&M * J»||S§£~ /7 '* 0
j Chicago. Southern Route ' 3 jsJ
P way of El Paw through a M
\\ kad where winter is unknown. H
h Tickets, berths and Iitaature B
i at thi» office as also at all i y
\ Southern Pacific ticket offices. WmBbJ j Bj raEgg^ H
| C. A. RUTHERFORD, f|
\ District Passemxr Agent, !&$j»^/*ili II §fa 13
j 623 Market St., San Francisco. CaL |i
I
\XHc of General Miles Serionsly III.
¦ WASHINGTON. March 17.— Mrs.
Miles, wife of Lieutenant General Nel
son A. Miles, retired. Is lying HI at their
home In this city. Her condition has
been exceedngly critical and, although
some, Improvement is noted to-day, no
hope'la held out for her recovery. : ,
WASHINGTON, March 17— W. T.
Nichols has been appointed by the
President to be Secretary of Arizona
to succeed. Isaac T. Stoddard. Nichols
is chairman and secretary of the Ter
ritorial Republican organization of Ari
zona.
Nichols Is to Succeed Stoddnrd.
President Mny Xot Visit Exposition.
WASHINGTON, March 17.—Presi
dent Roosevelt will not attend the for
mal opening of the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition. It is problematical, indeed,
whether the President will visit the
fair at any time, although it Is under
stood he has not decided definitely not
to go to the exposition. It is a cause
of regret to him that, at present at
least, he does not see his way clear
to be among the fair's visitors at some
time during Its progress.
WASHINGTON. March 17.— As a re
sult of the Inquiry Into the charges
against Senator Dietrich of Nebraska.
AVilliamson S. Summers, United States
District Attorney of Nebraska, will be
removed from office. President Roose
velt to-day informed Senator Dietrich
that he would take such action against
Summers. The probabilities are that
Chairman Lindsay of the Republican
State Committee of Nebraska will be
appointed to succeed Summers.
OMAHA, Nebr., March 17.— District
Attorney W. S. Summers was shown
the Washington dispatch stating that
he would be removed from office as a
result of the Dietrich investigation,
but he refused to discuss the matter,
remarking: "Just say that silence is
golden."
Friends of Summers have anticipated
an action of this nature, and the an
nouncement did not come as a surprise
to them.
States District Attorney of Ne
braska will Be Removed.
President Notifies Senator That United
DIETRICH INQUIRY CAUSES
SUMMERS TO LOSE PLiACE
SAN JOSE. March 17.— A. J. Mullen,
who while deputy tax collector stole
nearly $3000 from the county, to-day
pleaded guilty. He will be sentenced
next Friday.
Pleads Guilty to Embezzlement.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. March 17.— The
Jury In th» case of State Senator Jesse
L. Jewell, on trial on a charge of so
liciting a bribe of S3000 to Influence
his vote and that of two other mem
bers of the Legislature to repeal a
baking-powder bill, disagreed at 5
""clock this afternoon and was dis
y barged.
Jury Disagrees In Bribery Case,
DENVER. March 17.— A «peclal to th<»
News from S&nta I>. N. M.. soys: Dis
patches received by the Phoenix (Aria.) En
terprls* from Delegate 'Wilson and Governor
Brodle. both of Arizona, assert positively that
every member of th* minority of the Commit
tee on Territories is unalterably opposed to
Joint statehood for New Mexico and Arizona.
BUENOS AYRES, March 17. —Dr.
Xonito Villaneuva, recently elected
Senator for this city, and Dr. Miguel
Cane, formerly Argentine Minister to
France, nave fought a duel after a
quarrel over the election. Several shots
were flred, but neither man was
wounded.
Fight a Bloodless Duel.
sons had left the room prior to the
search. The checks were canceled one*,
used during the examination of a trust
company's cashier in an effort to show
who received the immense profits of
the concern. When the cashier con
cluded he put the package into a coat
pocket. Several men interested in the
case left the room, and a few minutes
later the witness announced that the
package had disappeared.
NEW YORK, March 17.— Checks and
documents representing $50,000 are re
ported to have mysteriously disappear
ed from the coat pocket of a bank cash
ier during a hearing in bankruptcy pro
ceedings against the American Finance
and Mortgage Company, a concern al
leged to have received for investment
about $2,000,000 largely from persons in
Ohio and other Western States before
It collapsed several months ago. When
it was discovered that the papers had
disappeared every person In the room
consented to be searched, but the doc
uments were* not found. Several per-
During Hearing of Bankruptcy Pro
ceedings Valuable Papers Are
Stolen From a Witness.
STEALS CHECKS FROM
POCKET OF A CASHIER
ST. PETERSBURG. March 17. —
Russian preoccupation in the Far East
has in a way given surcease to bureau
cratic cruelty.
Fifty-seven men and women are
about to be deported to the coldest
part of Northeastern Siberia, Yakutsk
province. Among the fifty-seven are
persons from all the provinces and
representatives of almost eve.ry na
tionality In Russia. Great Russians,
little Russians, Poles, Jews and
Georgians are on the list, and all social
classes, Including the nobility, are
represented. Their terms of deporta
tion vary from three to six years. The
charge against them is taking part in
the riotous strikes that resulted In
bloodshed.
Bean was appointed to West Point
from Pennsylvania in 1882. He served
with the Second United States Cavalry
during the Spanish war, and was pro
moted to a captaincy for gallant ser
vices in the Cuban campaign. He also
served with General Chaffee during the
e:ege and capture of Peking, and was
arain promoted for meritorious ser
vices.
OMAHA, March 17.— Major William
H. Bean, U. S. A., committed suicide
to-day by shooting himself through the
head. He had been ordered to the Phil
ippines. Immediately after getting his
orders he had his trunks packed and
taken to the depot. Then he asked his
wife to play on the piano, and while
she was playing he thrust an army re
volver to his right temple and flred.
The buliet lodged in his brain and he
died almost immediately.
Major Bean was 50 years old. He had
been chief commissary officer at the
headquarters of the Department of the
Misscyjrl for two years, and was re
lieved of that duty a few days ago and
ordered to the Philippines. At army
headquarters it was stated that he had
I «»en suffering from an attack of stom
ach troub'e and nervousness. His act
•was apparently unpremeditated. He
had arranged for Mrs. Bean to visit in
the East during the time he served in
the Orient.
CHICAGO, March 17.— Edwrd Ker
lin, alias Edward Pierce, charged with
forgery and robbing mall boxes, has
been identified as the man who assist
ed Fred Lee Rice, Frank Rutledge and
Thomas Jones in an attempt to escape
from custody in Toronto on April 4,
190L One constable was killed and an
other wounded. The i ...oners were re
captured. Kerlin is 6a!d to have thrown
revolvers into the carriage in which
the men were being taken from the
court to the jaib
Rice, Rutledge and Jones were ar
rested at Chicago on June 2. 1900, and
charged with the robbery of a postof
flce and bank In Aurora. They fought
extradition, but were taken back to
Canada and tried and sentenced to
twenty-one years' Imprisonment.
Kerlin was identified by a photograph
eent out by the Canadian authorities.
Chester Sheldon, who was released with
Kerlin from the Joliet Penitentiary,
recognized the likeness. He told the de
tectives Kerlin was In Canada at the
time of the attempted escape. When
the three prisoners, after their capture
In Chicago, were being taken from the
police station, three women — Allie
Hoeny, Viney Elwell and Kate Spell
man—tried to give them weapons as
they were being taken to the railway
station, but were prevented by the vig
ilance of the police.
While In Chicago Rice, Rutledge and
Jones pesed as art students. Kerlin, it
Is said, was a schoolmate of Rutledge's
elster.
"Our members are going back to Tel
luride and will be prepared to defend
their rights against any form of inter
ference."
TELLURIDE. Colo., March 17.— The
enforced hegira of striking miners and
union sympathizers from Telluride con
tinues. On the passenger train leav
ing to-day fifteen or twenty men
left in consequence of orders and
suggestions from the Citizens' Alliance.
Nick Thomas, president of the Miners'
Union, and M. J. Sullivan, a prominent
labor leader, have both been notified tc
leave, but have not yet gone.
DENVER, Colo.. March 17.— Stewart
Forbes, secretary-treasurer of the Tel
luride Miners' Union; A. H. Floaten.
manager of a department store, and
Antone Matti, agent for a brewing
company, a committee of the members
of the Miners' Union and their sym
pathizers who were expelled from Tel
luride by a mob on Monday night, were
in conference here to-day with officer*
and attorneys of the Western Federa
tion of Miners. An effort will be made
to institute criminal proceedings
against members of the mob. After the
conference \v. D. Hay wood, secretary
of the federation, made the following
statement:
Suicide Was Twice Promoted
for His Gallantry During
the Spanish-American War
Chester Sheldon, Who Was
With Him in Joliet Peni
tentiary, Recognizes Him
Russians, Poles, Jews and
Georgians Are Consigned
to the Yakutsk Province
ARE 0RDEREDDEP0RTED
Expelled Unionists Threaten
to Institute Proceedings
to Prevent Interference
DEED UNPREMEDITATED
BETRAYED BY PICTURE
. Williams warmly replied that there
never was a man born so great a fool
Grosvenor of Ohio, speaking in a sar
castic vein, said that great bureaus of
the Postoffice Department had been
transferred to the Fourth Assistant
Postmaster General, and he thought it
would be a good Idea to let Bristow
"run the whole machine" and thereby
save the salaries of the other three as
sistants.
The charge that- the Postoffice De
partment had diverted appropriations
for rent, fuel, etc., to the payment of
clerk hire was, vigorously made by
Williams, and he demanded to know
who was responsible for that abuse and
for changing the law to suit his own
will.
"Somebody," he said, "has been de
priving the legislative branch of the
Government of its constitutional right
and power to say where the , public
money shall go."
Overstreet said there was a belief In
the department that the construction
of the appropriation would permit the
practice.
VIOLATE THE IiAW.
Payne said he did not believe any
thing of the kind, and he had not seen
a single man who knew anything about
it.
"And still." he said, "the gentleman
indulges in this extravagant language
that the whole department is rotten."
Williams then withdrew all the points
of order and amendments he had of
fered.
"I believe, and I believe the gentle
man from New York believes, that
there are other divisions In it equally
corrupt"
GROSVENOR IS SARCASTIC.
Cowherd of Missouri and Overstreet
argued for a retention of the 52700 sal
ary provision on the ground that the
salary of men performing such duties
should not be too meager. Williams
insisted that there ought not to be an
attempt to reorganize the Postoftlce
Department in an appropriation bill.
If it is to be reorganized it should be
done in a definite and specific way.
Williams included in his objection
cashiers, whose salaries he was op
posed to raising, and offered an amend
ment to reduce the amount allowed t>y
the bill. Further criticizing the pro
posed increases in salaries Williams, as
If by way of emphasis, remarked "this
is a department that is absolutely rot
ten from turret to foundation-stone."
Payne of New York, the Republican
leader, asked. "Where dqes the gentle
man get this information?"
"I get it from their own office," re
plied Williams.
"Then you do not get it at all," hotly
replied Payne.
"I do," warmly replied Williams,
"and I get it from their charges
against themselves; and I get it from
the charge contained In the President's
message; and. I get it from the knowl
edge that prevails in this House." He
said that only one division of the Post
office Department had been investi
gated.
OBJECTS TO SALARIES.
Williams followed this up by making
a point O f order against the proposi
tion to give stamp clerks who may be
assigned as "chiefs" $2700, as against
$1700, which they now receive.
Williams made a point of order
against the provision in the bill des
ignating certain postal employes a&
"cashiers," "night superintendents."
"superintendents of carriers." "super
intendents of inquiry," etc. He said
that it was simply a means of putting
favorites into places of salaries higher
than they already received.
After an extended debate the point
of order was sustained.
Overstreet said the administration
estimate of $7000 had been reduced by
the committee and the amount would
be used almost exclusively in advertis
ing for bids.
After some discussion by Thayer of
Massachusetts, Rider of New York
and Stephens of Texas the provision
was agreed to.
Cromer of Indiana wanted the ap
propriation of $7500 for compensation
and expenses of United States dele
gates to the Universal Postal Congress
at Rome reduced to 55000. The differ
ence in the amounts, he said, was in
tended to pay the expenses to Rome
of a former member of the House,
referring to former Congressman
Loud, "whose voice," he said, "always
had been raised in the interest of
economy."
After a lively debate the amendment
was agreed to by a vote by tellers of
SS to 75.
Tawney of Minnesota asserted that
the Democrats in the Fifty-first Con
gress voted against anti-trust legisla
tion, but a vigorous protest came from
Gaines of Tennessee and Williams,
each of whom asserted that the Demo
crats unanimously voted for such legis
lation.
Soon after convening to-day the
House went Into committee of the
whole to further consider the post
office appropriation bill, which was
read for amendment.
Maddox of Georgia requested of
Overstreet, chairman of the Postofflce
Committee, an explanation of an item
of *5000^for advertising, saying:
"As it*has been said there are a lot
of rascals in the department who will
probably be a little more particular
hereafter."
MAKES POINT OF ORDER.
WASHINGTON, March 17.— Just
before adjournment to-day Southwlck
of New York precipitated a brief but
lively debate by having read an edi
torial from the New York World giv
ing Republicans credit for anti-trust
legislation and the merger prosecution.
It was offered by way of reply to Wil
liams, who yesterday asked if the
merger decision was to be used by the
Republicans as a theatrical political
trick. Williams, after the editorial
had been read, declared . that the se
curities prosecution was instigated by
Governor Van Sant of Minnesota,
whom he styled "a blanket Indian Re
publican," who refused to consult
"headquarters," and that for very
shame after he had the case docketed
the administration prior to an election
could not hold itself still.
- Already, he continued, Attorney Gen
eral Knox had been careful to be in
terviewed and to permit the country
to know that the Northern Securities
case Just settled the Northern Securi
ties case, and that it does not mean
anything particular, anyhow. One
statement in the article referred to,
he said, credited this administration
with being the author of the prosecu
tion. It happened to be, he declared,
one Van Sant, out In the West some
where, who started the case, and for
very shame, after he had got the case
upon the docket, the administration,
prior to an election, could not hold
itself still. Governor Van Sant was a
"blanket Indian Republican," and he
did not consult "headquarters," but
precipitated the litigation.
Continuing, Williams said he had
seen blanket Indian Republicans be
fore, and he had seen them "quelled"
when the time came.
"And," he declared, "if you dare to
attack the men who are furnishing
your campaign expenses and carry it
far enoueh to persuade them you are
in earnest, you will be quelled, too. If
you don't do it, you will be quelled by
the people."
Tawney of Minnesota stirred up a
hornet's nest when he inquired of Wil
liams if he could state how the Demo
crats in the Flfty-flrst v Congress voted
when the Sherman law was up for con
sideration. He declared that every del
egate voted against it.
The House was at once in an up
roar.
Gaines of Tennessee, gesticulating
wildly, asserted that every one voted
for the bill when it was passed in the
House and that it passed the House
and Senate unanimously. His remarks
were met by laughter and jeers from
the Republican side. He stated that the
flrst bill had been introduced by Sena
tor Teller and began to give a history
of the legislation, when he was inter
rupted by Tawney, who said' that
when McKinley presented the rule for
the consideration of the anti-trust law
the Democrats opposed it.
"Ah, get out:" shouted Gaines. amid
great confusion. *
An inquiry from Grosvenor as to
what had become of the postofllce ap
propriation partly restored good order.
Mr. Williams, getting the floor, said
it was not true that the Democrats op
posed any legislation calculated ¦ to
down trusts or combines.
The House at 5:20 o'clock adjourned.
as to contend that an appropriation for
rent meant an appropriation for fuel.
He then spoke of the Independence of
the Civil Service Commission and Its
absolute contempt for the law.
"They do not hesitate a minute," he
declared, "to violate the law any time
they please, and tell you with suavity
that It was because of a construction
put on the law by somebody, God only
knows wha"
He eaid the most discouraging thins
In American citizenship as represented
In the House was for an honest man
to . come to Congress and find him
self hedged all around with, a wilder
ness of misinformation, overlnforma
tlon and non-lnformatlon, "whichever
happens to suit the fellows who write
their decrees and send them here to
be registered In appropriation bills."
' The hour of adjournment was at
hand when Southwlck of New York,
referring to "Williams' remarks yeBter-:
day on the subject of trusts, had read
an editorial from the JC«w York World
saying that the anti-trust law was
framed by a Republican, passed by
a Republican Senate and signed by a
Republican President, and that It had
remained a dead letter on the statute
books during the second term of Presi
dent Cleveland. The Republicans vig
orously applauded.
Williams said he was more than de
lighted to see the Republican majority
on the floor "cheer the hounds on to
hunt down the combines and trusts of
this country."
GIVES VAX SANT CREDIT.
LEADEKS AKE NOTIFIED
Army Officer Who Had Been
Ordered to the Philippines
Kills Himself With Pistol
Alleged Forger Is Identi
fied as Man Who Helped
Noted Criminals to Escape
Fifty-Seven Persons Impli
cated in Eiotous Proceed
ings Incnr Czar's Anger
Union Sympathizers Forced
by Citizens' Alliance to
Leave Telluride District
Congressman Williams Opposes Increased
Salaries of Clerks and , Says Department
Is Rotten From Turret to Foundation
STILL DRIVING
OUT STRIKERS
KERLIN KNOWN
TO THE POLICE
COLD SIBERIA
AWAITS THEM
MINORITY LEADER IN THE HOUSE
SCORES POSTOFFICE MANAGEMENT
BULLET ENDS
LIFE OF BEAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, : MARCH 38, 1904.
3
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
ROOS BROS.
BOYS'
CLOTHING
NEWS •
Our Three-fifty Sailor Suits in new colorings
and combinations have arrived for the coming
Spring.
New Colorings
New Combinations
New Trimmings *
<X These are our "all-the-year" special.
Absolutely worth $5.00.
> $5.00
Our Five-dollar Russian Blouse Suits in solid
colors and clever homespun effects, for boys
of 3 to 7 years — made with rich trimmings.
Kid or patent leather belts, bloomer trousers
— are well worth six-fifty.
$5.00
A Knee Pants Suit, with vest, for boy of 1 o
. to 15 years, in swell tweeds and homespuns. .
orth six-fifty.
I $2.45 SPECIAL
Fancy Tweed Norfolks, in new cut and
colorings,
Regular $3.50 Values.
Special for Friday and Saturday at
Two-forty-five
ROOS BROS.
KEARNY AT POST
DR. SHOOF'S •B.MMHnnrg.
If You Plty^a SicK'Friend!
Tc<! He His Name." Let Me Help Hla.' j
• . JV* 7"* » postal ard— only «he «»t •* a peter.
-A ill »sk ii the namt of a (riend » bo needs htf>- T«3
•of (Se book to send.
. Th« I wtlldothiis-l wifl arrant* whh i ctrasfat
near him so that he may take tii bottfes Dr. Sboop'»
ttutorativa. B< bwt take it a ntath at i*t mk. Hit
«ucce«d>, the coat ia/i.«a. U it fail*. 1 win pny *•
drunist mmi). And the sick one'» men *«*d itall
: Ixm'l think that too fair to be powihk, for 1 d» Jut
as I say. 1 do it to coorince fho»e whodontkno* me.
and «o tNM everyone who needs help will accept it
I hare fcanied that the cured oaet art lair. I have
furnished my Kestorativ* tg hundred* of thousands on
nut those terms, atxl jo out of each «a ha*e paid c!ad>. '
b»tiuse ih*y were curnL I have wiXjifly paid .or &*
And I srent ¦ lifetime in perfecrioc the remedy be*
fore 1 rrer offered it to anyone. At thousands of b«j-
stdes, in hnntuU and homes. I have watched it coro
the moM difficult cases that physicians ever meet I.
learned that it does not fail, save — itre some caate—
like cancer — nuke a cure impo«;t><
- My success comes from streafthenics the inside :
;oeTV«*. My Restorative briars back that nerve power
which alnnc operates every vital organ of the body.
1'omnvm treatments merely doctor i!-«r oncan*. aod the
inuluit best a/e bat temporary. My remedy restore,
the aenre power that nuke* these organs act No
other treatment doc* that t and there is positively no
other »a» to make weak vita I organs weU.
My btmk will nplain tf.t«. I* tells about the en!y
rvtttrdjr mi sure that any man dare offer it <sn such a
elan a* mine Won't you tell me a freed who needs it*
*'***_'".' i Book 1 on Dyspepsia.
EJmply Btat* which Book 3 oa Uio Heart,
book you wast and Book 3 on the Kldacys.
addre- Dr. Snoop, gjg 4 £r W««.
t« SKA K*dna. 5? ""
Wls. Book C en ICtercssttsai
Mild cases, not chronic *r* eftsm corad
wltn orso or two bettlea. At iroqiiti*.
So far as they go, SchiDing'g
Best take doubt and difficulty
out of getting your tabla
supplies.
At your poca't; SEaavyhsuaC
.. .. ADVTSBTISEarEir TS.
Confirmation <3 *J1|||
Com muni o n • '.^^^^ §
It has been our policy to many times offer
special sales when the particular goods adver-
Accordingly we mention to-day boys' and fe^^|^^p^^|^ V ;' : M^^
youths' confirmation and communion suits at W^0?^^^A^^^Ml
Our regular prices are low, because we
make the goods ourselves. A double saving
is in store for you now— these specials are tflNIS^^S®
our regular prices greatly reduced. * . fe«^^S'&PS^^? "F
Young men's suits in single or double tft$f|f 1k^S£S§3
breasted style, made from an all-wool blue : '^^S-"^^^0
serge, which we guarantee absolutelv fast 'l^^w ll^«P'
colored: ages 12 to 19; regular $10.00 gar- iiilil ' Wllil
ments; now on special sale for SgjffSr l^iljii -V"
regular price for these three-piece suits is $4.00 —
wi?cj3P^9# / ?' i - -j»£^ffP4w!ii ">dpc ial nrirp i^
1^^^' Here are other items the young man or boy will
' :^^^^^M require in his confirmation dress:
White shirts, with laundered linen bosoms.
y^^^M Go^ sn ' rts » in white and ver y fight grounds,
UB^f fill Collars, cuffs and neckties at regular prices.
J|||ir raf|| For boys from 6 to 12 years: Automobile caps, in
|||y l|| dark blue cloth and black leather, from 45c up.
Wm lUp For Y outns: Blac "* sti fr hat? at $1-50 and
VM illk^P^ $2.00; "soft hats at 90c, $1.30, $1.50 and
.¦'||8[®\ .sxsttkJfraniife. The fine steel knives which we are giving with
j^S^^ every boy's suit or overcoat is now the main topic
Mail orders filled for W /V* VKOUU & i if' 7 " ordcrin Z v mail
any of these goods. , ' I.- '**« '• -~7 V-r^ f lease -address Dept. L.
MM 740 Market Street i*-******^ **********ST. LOUIS, March 17.— Willard A.
Smith, chief of the transportation ex
hibits, has announced the . following
changes in the rules for the airship
competition at the World's Fair: Aver
age speed required to be shown, re
duced from 20 to 18% miles an* hour.
Length of r course fl-ed at 10 miles.
Flights r/ill be made each alternate
week from June § to September 30.
New Rules for Airship Tests.
CHEFU, March 17.— Warnings have
been received here confirming the pre
vious reports to the effect' that- the
Russians have, laid mines along the
Liaotung peninsula and that' neutral
vessels are obliged to show their col
ors five kilometers off shore and await
a Russian' piiot. .
3Iines Along Liaotung Coast.
CHEFU, March 17.— During the last
bombardment of Port Arthur four, Chi
nese and two Japanese were "caught
signaling to the Japanese fleet. The six
men "were immediately hanged on the
hill below the harbor fort. .
Private advices from Russian sources
in Port Arthur state that : intense "anx
iety; exists as to the town's ultimate
fate. Despite the utmost vigilance ¦ of
*he military authorities the place is In
fested by spies; who continually betray
information to the enemy. The Russian
police are constantly engaged in pulling
Chinese pigtails to learn if ,-' the pig
tailed men are really Chinese, for the
favorite disguise 'of Japanese spies'- is
the garb of Uhe Chinese' coolie; .Spies
are working .everf; in the .fortifications
and on the docks, and dally send out
information.
DEATH BY HANGING
THE FATE OF SIX
CAPTUBED SPIES
. Marquis Ito will be received by the
Korean -Emperor on Saturday, March 19.
SEOUL, March 17.— Marquis I to ar
rived at Chemulpo this morning. He
was greeted by a delegation of high
Korean officials. G. Hayashi, the Japa
nese Minister to Korea, and General
IjichI, commander of the Japanese gar
rison here, who went to meet him, ac
companied him "to, Seoul.
When the special train arrived at
Seoul it was received ' with military
honors. A Korean guard of honor sa
luted and surrounded " the handsome
green palanquin in which Marquis Ito
was carried to the mansion prepared
for him by the Emperor. The route
was lined by Japanese troops, who sa
luted the Marquis as he passed. Thou
sands of Koreans also witnessed his ar
rival.
NEWCASTLE. Pa.. March 17.— Th# local
strike of the glass workers was declared eft
after a stormy meeting hers to-night and tha
workers returned to work to-day. The* men
objected to a 28 per cent wage reduction, but
will accept it.
ITO IS RECEIVED
WITH MILITARY
HONORS IN SEOUL
News of the charter of this new fleet
was received at the local offices of the
company yesterday. The vessels are all
Hamburg-American liners, and on ac
count of their large carrying capacity
on a comparatively light draft of water
are particularly adapted to this trade.
PORTLAND, March 17. — Commenc
ing about May 1 the Harriman steam
ship service out of Portland will con
sist of eight steamships with a com
bined carrying capacity of 60,000 tons
and a schedule which will give this port
an oriental steamer sailing every ten
days. In order to increase the service
so as to admit of such frequent sailings
the three steamships now compris
ing the Portland and Asiatic Steam
ship Company's fleet will be released,
as their charters expire in April and
May, and will be replaced by four new
freighters of the most approved type
with a carrying capacity of 7000 to
8000 tons on a draft of 24 feet.
Eight Vessels With Carrying Capacity
of 60,000 Tons Will Connect North
ern Port With Orient.
EVERY TEN DAYS STEAMER
WILL LEAVE PORTLAND
REDDING, March 17.— Julius Slebeek
died this morning in a lonely cabin
three miles north of Redding. He waa
well educated and was particularly well
versed in chemistry and metallurgy. He
was banished from Russia in his young
er years because he was discovered ex
perimenting with explosives. He lived
a lonely life here, following the calling
of an assayer.
Death Ends His Exile.
Under date of March 17* the Chefu
correspondent of the Standard reports
that provision trains are arriving hour
ly' at Port Arthur, the railway being
intact. XI: " ' .
The Dally Telegraph's correspondent,
cabling on March 17,' asserts that the
Russian fleet has returned to Port Ar
thur. If this is correct, the correspond
ent adds; it Is evident from Rear Ad
miral Baron von Stackelberg's report
that the Russian cruisers which left
Vladivostok returned to that port with
out an attempt having been made to
unite the fleets, or if an attempt was
made it was unsuccessful.
It is stated that the Russians are
again negotiating for the purchase of
Welsh coal, and it is reported from
Hamburg that Russia is trying to place
contracts with German shipyards .for
several new torpedo-boat destroyers, to
be delivered this year.
According to a dispatch from Ant
werp to the Daily Telegraph, Russia
has acquired twenty large , Antwerp
transport steamships and has insured
them for $250,000 each.
The Daily Mall's Weihaiwel corre
spondent learns that Viscount ,Aokl,
formerly Japanese Minister to Ger
many, is going "to Seoul to establish
practically a Japanese administration
for Korea. x
LONDON, March 18. — The correspond
ent of the Daily Mail at Chefu» who has
just visited Chemulpo, says:
"On the way to Chemulpo we passed
a constant succession of Japanese
transports. Three thousand Japanese
landed at Chemulpo at the end of last
week."
The correspondent adds that the Rus
sians are retreating across the Yalu
River before the advance of the Japa
nese outposts and that their forces in
this district number 20,000.
NEWCHWANO, March 17. — The
patriarchal General Litevltch, who
waa accompanied by General Kov
dratonovitch. after a survey yesterday
of Newchwangr and its defenses, which
had been prepared for his inspection,
returned to his command at Liaoyang.
He also visited Kaichou and points af
fecting the protection of the gulf
coast and the holding of the -weak zone
along. the main line of railway op
posite Newchwang.
Although disclaiming any apprehen
sion of the Japanese landing here, the
authorities are satisfied to have for
eigners understand that the Russians
are prepared for any locaUemergency,
and the arrival of an additional bat
tery of artillery; and also 150 scouts
to-day is significant of coming events.
It. is apparent that both civil and
military strategists and the diplomats
in Mukden apprehend a collision with
the Chinese, probably fearing that the
increasing number of their small bands
of .scouts operating between the Liao
River and the Great Wall are the
surest instruments for their entangle
ment in a conflict, particularly as this
zone is in the nature of a No-Mans
Land, on account of having been aban
doned by the powers and also because
the Chinese jurisdiction is incompe
tent. Russians competent to judge
profess to regard General Ma's atti
tude as dangerous ,to the peace of
Russia and China.
"Despite the terrible weather the in
fantry, march twenty-five miles dally,
each man carrying nearly 100 pounds.
It was a severe test, but they did well.
Covered by this force, a larger force
Is now disembarking within easier dis
tance of the Japanese objective, while
preparations are reported proceeding
at the only practical port on the east of
Korea. The Japanese are now holding
Anju and the line of the Chengcheng
River.. .
"The actual land front points to a
further retirement of the Russian
forces.
"Despite their command of the sea,
the Japanese omit no precautions. It
would be unfair to the 'Japanese to
give the numbers and designation of
their f orcos, but landings were made
long enough ago to permit a general
reference: to them without, prejudice to
the operations. The weather generally
is improving."
LONDON, March 18.— A correspond
ent of the Times at Tokio says that the
Russian and Japanese scouts are now
separated only by the river Cheng
cheng, Just north of Anju. The dis
patch adds that the foreign corre
spondents will leave for the front on
either March 22 or March 23, but their
destination is still unknown.
A correspondent of the Times at
Welhalwei cables under yesterday's
date:
"I . arrived at Pingyang Inlet on
March 15 and proceeded to Chenampho.
Navigation ( was difficult, owing to the
drift of ice. I found anchored there
both war vessels and transports. Dis
embarkation has been difficult, but the
Japanese have brought all necessary
appliances. Pontoon jetties have been,
built and extended for hundreds of
yards, and the transports brought their
own landing barges."
The correspondent describes the
landing movements and the disposal
of the forces with some detail, and
says:- 1
AGED GENERAL
VIEWS DEFENSES
OFNEWCHWANG
ONLY A RIVER -
NOW SEPARATES
RIVAL SCOUTS
"The Japanese will be much ham
pered by the necessity of making an
Invasion by sea. Sea crossings^are al
ways disastrous to cavalry, which »is
notoriously the weak point of the Jap
anese troops. the Japanese
will need In Korea conveyances drawn
by horses, to which they have been
unaccustomed. The Japanese will not
be able to depart far from the Korean
coast, as they, must remain near their
ships."
The general added that the Rus
sians must watch the Yalu River,
which is liable to_ sudden floods and
which It would be useless to cross if
they could not return. It is essential,
he says, to have a strong bridge, forti
fied on the side where the Japanese
are.
PARIS, March 17. — The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Echo de
Paris has interviewed General Dramo
garoff. ex-Governor General of Kleff
and late member of the Council of
State, who, while making reservations,
owing to his personal ignorance of the
localities in the theater of war, gave
the following conclusions at which he
had arrived: -
LACK OF CAVALRY
WEAKENS JAPAN'S
MILITARY FORCES
WICHITA, Kans.. March 17. —The
Federal Grand Jury returned sixteen
Indictments to-day. Six of them are
against Kansas City and Kentucky
wholesale liquor dealers, who are
charged with violation of the prohib
itory law. The method complained of
is the shipping of liquor by the deal
ers to fictitious persons and then al
lowing express agents to dispose of
the packages to whoever wants them.
The names of the dealers against whom
true bills were found were not made
public.
True bills were also found against
Chauncey Dewey, C. P. Dewey, W. J.
McBride and W. J. Ratcliffe for inclos
ing Government lands.'
KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 17.—
Two months ago three wholesale liquor
dealers were indicted on a charge sim
ilar to that made at Wichita to-day,
and at the time it was stated that nu
merous arrests would follow, both of
liquor dealers and express agents, who.
it was alleged, were conniving to ship
whisky into Kansas and that portion
of Texas where local option obtains,
against the laws of those States.
With Methods of Men Who Vio
late Prohibitory Law.
Kansas Inquisitorial Body Finds Fault
GRAND JURY INDICTS
SIX LIQUOR DEALERS
With Ornnce Colors and Irish
men Resent the Insult.
SALT LAKE, Utah, March 17.— Some
practical jokers nrarly precipitated a
riot here this afternoon by decorating
a United States mail wagon with
orange colors. A large crowd of Irish
men were celebrating St. Patrick's day
on Main street when a mail wagon
came along. The sides and rear were
decorated with orange colored ribbon
and pieces of orange peel. This aroused
the Ire of the Hibernians and a rush
was made for the vehicle. The driver,
unconscious of the cause of the disturb
ance, thought robbery was being at
tempted and yelled for the police. Some
of the cooler heads among the Irishmen
managed to hold the crowd in check
until the arrival of officers. The driver
willingly divested his wagon of the un
popular decorations and was permitted
to go on his way.
Decorate United States Mail Wa?on
SALT IiAKE JOKERS -
NEARLY START A RIOT
WASHINGTON, .March 17.— A
cablegram received at the Japanese le
gation to-night from the Japanese
Fleet Ts Still at Port Arthnr.
War Xews Continued on Page 5.
CHEFU. March 17— A letter from
Port Arthur says that the garrison
there consists of but 2500 men.
Port Arthur's Small CJarrison.
ODESSA. March 17. — The steam
ship Kita, which left for the Far East
with supplies, has returned sa'ely,
though the ves3el failed to deliver its
cargo.
Fails to Deliver Her Cargo.
The legation officially announced to
day that all newspaper correspondents
now In Northern Korea must be sent
back to Seoul Immediately. There is
no appeal from this peremptory order.
Further, the Japanese authorities to
day requested the Seoul representatives
Of the foreign powers to notify their
countrymen resident in Northern Korea
to make no attempt to send any mes
sages whatever regarding military
plans or movements. >
Rumors from the north are plentiful,
but reliable news is scarce, as the only
telegraph line owned 4jv Koreans is
fully controlled by the Japanese censor,
who^allows nothing regarding the situ
ation or proposed military movements
to be made public.
SEOUL, March 17.— The situation
here is one of expectant waiting. Only
about 1000 Japanese troops remain here.
The balance have all moved northward.
At Chemulpo a few army transports
are arriving daily, carrying principally
army supplies, railway material and a
few soldiers. Enormous quantities of
supplies are being stored there, the
housing for which is provided by ware
houses covering 180,000 square feet of
floor space, now under course of con
struction.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1004, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
The Emperor to-day received General
Sakharoff, acting Minister of War and
chief of the general . staff, with whom
he discussed the reported concentration
of Japanese troops at Pingyang. The
Emperor will inspect more of the war
ships to-morrow.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 17.—Rus
sia is making preparations for war on
a basis that the war will last one year
and a half.
The idea of sending the Baltic squad
ron by the northern route was ridiculed
in shipping circles, although ships are
known to have passed that way.
Sixty-eight Cossack regiments, 1100
men strong each, have been ordered to
the front.
. In the bombardment of Port Arthur
on March, 10 the casualties were : five
killed. Several buildings were dam
aged.
As the result of, a conference, between
the Minister of Marine and the Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs the following ad
ditional articles have been declared
contraband of war: Provisions of all
kinds designed for the Japanese army,
including grain, fish, fish products,
beans and bean oil, and parts of ma
chines for the manufacture of. weapons
and ammunition. -
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the New York
Herald Publ (shins Company.
KUSSIANS FALL
BACK AS BROWN
AEMY ADVANCES
SEOUL, March 17. — Although the
cruiser Cincinnati made a special trip
to Chenampho with the express pur
pose of bringing away women, chil
dren and other American residents in
Northwestern Korea, but a small pro
portion of the missionaries in that dis
trict took advantage of the opportuni
ty offered. The majority of the Cin
cinnati's passengers who arrived at
Chemulpo yesterday were from, the
American mining concession. They re
port that while the present danger is
not pressing, the entire district is, dot
ted with advance scouting parties of
both' belligerents arid it is not safe for
women and children; further, .that
as soon as the first large engagement
occurs travel to the coast will be im
possible and escape rendered difficult.
There is a probability that much suf
fering and loss of life will ensue.
There Is strong opinion here that
the missionaries are displaying mis
directed zeal, amounting to foolhardi
ness, by remaining in the face of the
bitter and protracted warfare ¦which
will surely be waged in proximity to
their- stations. They should at least
send the women and children .away
before it is too late. By prompt ac
tion American Minister Allen placed
the means at their disposal, which
they shortsightedly refused.
Two pro-Russian Koreans, General
Kehak Keun and General Hiusang
Keuna, the latter of whom went to
Port Arthur on a mission, decamped
to-day upon the American j cruiser
Cincinnati to Chefu or Shanghai.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, l»04, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Japan's Transports Ar
rive Daily at the
Port.
Refuse to Escape on
Cruiser Sent for
Them.
Sixty - Eight Cossack
Regiments Sent
-to Front.
The Japanese authorities here say
that no land engagement of any mag
nitude is likely before another month.
A military attache here considers the
mechanical mines laid by the Japanese
fleet at Port Arthur efficient t6 prevent
the Russian fleet leaving that port-
Some questions were asked regarding
the possibility of purchasing fodder and
other supplies; also regarding the pro
curement of carts for transportation
purposes should the railway not be
available. Native agents of the Russo-
Chinese Bank at Mukaen have ap
proached the railroad officials upon the
same subject.
The magistrate at Chinchou will not
allow the natives to sell supplies of anj
kind to the Russians.
PEKING, March 17,— Russian com
missariat officers have applied to th*
Chinese railway officials at Hsinmintun
for permission to use their line for the
transportation of troops and. stores.
The officials have replied that this re
quest presents many difficulties and
that they must refer it to the author
ities In Peking.
MISSIONARIES
WILL REMAIN
IN WAR AREA
STORING VAST
WAR SUPPLIES
AT CHEMULPO
RUSSIA PLANS
FOR EIGHTEEN
MONTHS' WAR
ItUSSIA BEQUESTS
PEB3IISSION TO USE
CHINESE RAILWAY
PARIS, March 17. — A St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Echo de
Paris say3 that General .Kuropatkin
telegraphs that he has passed Omsk,
and he adds that to-morrow there will
be 230,000 Russian troops concen
trated between Harbin and Port Ar
thur.
Kuropatkln's Immense Army.
It is believed that the only new cus
toms duty will be on sugar. The pro
posed rate is as follows: Dutch stand
ard No. 1. 1 yen per hundred; No. 2, !
yen and 40 sen; No. 3, 3 yen 80 sen;
No. 4. 4 yen 20 sen.
Unless the conventional tariffs inter
fere it is probable that a tariff will be
levied on woolen stuffs.
General S. P. Hamilton of the British
army in India arrived here to-day. Ha
will accompany the Japanese force3 as
a military observer.
TOKIO, March 17. — The proposed law
relating to the Government tobacco
monopoly, if enacted, will go Into effect
jsn the 1st of next July. The manufact
ure and sale of Japanese cut tobacco
will be allowed to continue until April
19. The Government proposes to have
the stocks, machines and plants exist
ing on June 30 next appraised by joint
appraisers. As compensation for their
"good will" the Government propose*
to pay the manufacturers and dealeia
a sum equal to their income for three
years as shown by their books. The
sum which will be required to launch
the monopoly has not yet been de
termined, but the Government pro
poses to make a large payment in
bends.
JAPANESE PLAN
FOR CEEATIOX OF
TOBACCO MONOPOLY
SEOUL, March 17.— It is reported by
the prefects of Northeastern Korea that
bodies of Russians, accompanied by in
terpreters, are surveying the country,
ascertaining the population, the quan
tity of supplies and the sentiment of
the people. The proposed Japanese
landing at Wonson, on the eastern
coast, has been delayed by the threat
ening attitude of the Vladivostok naval
squadron, consisting of four ships,
which are now anchored at Posslet
Bay, an excellent base for attacking
Japanese transports approaching Won
son.
The Japanese authorities have been
advised that the Russian cavalry* in
Northern Korea has partly recrossed
the Talu River and that a Cossack
battery also has withdrawn. A small
Russian force still occupies Chongju.
Five thousand engineers are now em
ployed in the building of the military
railroad from Seoul to Wiju. Only a
few miles has been completed. Civil
ians are working on the railroad from
Seoul to Fusan. This road cannot be
completed before next October.
Consul at Shanghai says that the cap
tain of a Norwegian vessel which had
arrived there from Port Arthur re
portjj that the Russian fleet left Port
Arthur on the morning of March 12,
but returned the same evening.
The military authorities. in the Far
East have reported here that there is
absolutely no truth in the story that
Russian .troops are- occupying the
American mining concession at'Unsan;
Korea. They made an investigation,
at the Instigation of the authorities
here, on account of the reports in cir
culation. ¦ Besides, the Russian Gov
ernment has already-promised, so far
as it lies in Its power, to safeguard
American interests, should the sphere
of operations extend to the American
concessions.
PLEASED BY CHINA'S PLEDGE.
United States Embassador McCor
mlck has communicated to the Gov
ernment the memorandum containing
«hi» assurance received iby United
Russia does not regard Korea as a
belligerent and will not do so until
there is evidence that Korea actually
Is making common cause with Japan.
Russia now considers the .Korean
Government as being under duress
and that all its acts are void.
Although no confirmation Is obtain
able of the dispatch from Seoul say
ing that a Korean official in the Tu
men River district had received notice
that Russia considered Korea as a
belligerent and, would act accordingly,
in Government circles it is considered
quite possible that. the Russian com
manders along the Korean border may
have warned the. Koreans that they
must not impede the Russian military
operations, under pain of being con
sidered belligerents. Even should
Korea throw in her -Jot with Japan
and join in the hostilities, Russia
would not deign to regard such an
ally of Japan as a second power within
the terms of the Franco-Russian alli
ance. '-; . .¦ ; • >
STATUS OF THE KOREAN'S.
General Kuropatkin will live on a
train with his staff and be prepared
to move to any point where his pres
ence is required. If the Japanese land
in force on the coast of Northern Ko
rea, General Kuropatkin will move his
hadquarters farther north, along the
railroad. If there is fighting along
the Talu, which now seems " probable,
he will go forward to Fungwangcheng.
Great precautions are being taken to
guard against surprises. The Japan
ese have always shown a preference
for night attacks and most rigorous
orders have been issued to keep up a
continuous advance of scouting par
ties and to have heavy pickets out at
night.
General Kuropatkin is now near
Omsk,, Siberia. He is making very
fast time, averaging mor.e than 532
miles per day, everything being side
tracked to get him to Mukden on
March 26, the only stops, except to
change engines, being occasionally to
inspect passing troop trains.
While the Russians are mobilizing
for the purpose of working out an of
fensive military problem, they will be
prepared to move heavy forces In any
direction to meet the Japanese, whose
command of the sea gives them great
freedom in selecting their points of
attack.
The Bret headquarters of the Man
churi&n army after General Kuropat
kin's arrival will be at Liaoyang, the
general having selected that point In
stead of Mukden, whence to direct the
operations. Liaoyang is ten miles
west of the railroad, being connected
with the main road by a special line,
which will be completed by the time
General Kuropatkin arrives and has
many advantages over Mukden, being
the point whence the telegraph line
and the "Peking road" go to the Yalu
River.
Another road, not marked on the
maps, leads almost due east to an ex
tinct volcano. Paiktou San, or Long
White Mountain, in whose crater Is
a sacred lake. The road was built by
the Chinese, whose Emperors former
ly went there to shoot tigers, with
which the region is infested. Two
rivers, the Tumen and the Talu, rise
near the mountain. Liaoyang, conse
quently, commands both roads over
which troops will be sent, according
to necessity. Laioyang also has the
advantage of being nearer to the fron
tier of China in the event of punitive
measures being required against the
Chinese. It also is close to Llaotung
Peninsula, Newchwang and the mouth
of the Liaoho.
JAPAN' HAS ADVANTAGE.
PLANS OF KUROPATKIN.
"The accusation against the Japan
ese of using explosives to produce pois
onous gases is based on a misconcep
tion. They are employing the same
explosives as other armies and navies.
It is notorious that the bursting of a
melinite shell between decks generates
fumes from which the men are liable
to asphyxiation, but the Russian shell
is no better and no worse than that
used by the Japanese. We have not
«omplalned in this respect, whatever
we may think about the manner In
which Japan began hostilities."
The wife of Grand Duke Constantino
le preparing 17,000 Easter eggs, in or
der to provide each sailor In the Fax
East with a souvenir. Each egg will
contain a portrait of the Emperor, a
book, soap and towel, a tobacco pouch,
notepaper, etc., wrapped In a handker
chief bearing pictures of Peter the
Great's boat and of Russian naval vic
tories. The eggs will be sent to the
Far East next week in order to arrive
there !n due season.
A bureau will be established here to
give Information to relatives of Jap
anese prisoners and undertake the de
livery of letters, and the safekeeping,
until claimed, of effects and letters
found on the battlefield or remaining In
the hospitals after the death of pris
oners. V
ST. PETERSBURG, March 17.— The
charge against the Japanese of violat
ing the rules of civilized warfare in
using explosives forbidden by The
Hague convention finds no echo in re
sponsible circles here. The Japanese
ere acquitted on that score by a high
naval officer, who holds a very respon
sible position, and who said to-day:
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1004, by the
Xew York Herald Publishing Company.
"We are well aware," eaid a member
of the legation, "that the eyes of other
powers are watching our every move
ment, and we know also what Is being
said about a general uprising against
foreigners should we take sides with
Japan; but there will be* no chance
whatever for our giving the slightest
ground for complaint. China can only
play one role during the war, namely,
that of absolute quiescence. I will not
deny that there is some pro-Japanese
feeling among my countrymen, but
there Is also a good deal of pro-Russian
feeling. One neutralizes the other. -
"I know nothing officially," he con
tinued, "concerning China's new neu
trality understanding with the United
States, but the reports are doubtless
correct. We are not carrying on nego
tiations with the Russian Government
but I believe that some matters
are being discussed at Peking. I see
no reastih why the fullest agreement
should^ not be reached with Russia.
Our position is a very clear one. We
have 20,000 men guarding our frontier
of Manchuria. This force Is- Intended
solely to maintain order and to prevent
either of the belligerents entering our
territory.. The talk of the foreign
newspapers about General Ma making
common cause with the Japanese is
nonsense. Should the Japanese at
tempt a landing on • our coast they
would be resisted."
The Chinese legation here has as-,
sured the press most positively that the
Government at Peking intends not only
to observe the strictest neutrality dur
ing the war between Russia and Japan,
but that the Government thoroughly
realizes the danger threatening the in
tegrity of the Celestial Empire In case
it should become embroiled in the con
flict.
SATS CHINA IS SINCERE.
States Minister Conger from the Chi
nese authorities in Peking, pledging
the neutrality of China while the neu
tral territory is respected by the bel
ligerents. Satisfaction is expressed
here at this new assurance of China's
neutrality. The Russians deny that
they have any intention of going west
of the Liao region. West of the river
from Newchwang and to Hsinmintun
Russia considers neutral territory and
beyond the sphere of operations, un
less the Japanese invade It.
The Novikrai of Port Arthur, dated
February 22, reached here to-day. It
contains the first consecutive account
from a Russian source of the Chemul
po fight and says the Variag fought
until every gun was dismantled. It
does not mention that the American
cruiser Vlcksburg offered succor to the
Russians.
The Bourse Gazette says Japan's
hope of aid from America is gone, and
she now looks only to China. With
the latter's hatred of the West in
view, she is trying her best to effect
an alliance. The Gazette predicts that
Chinese neutrality will soon be broken.
Kuropatkin Will Assume the Aggressive
on His Arrival at the Scene
of War.
'"Phantom" Naval Force Lying in Wait
for the Transports of the
Mikado.
RUSSIAN CHIEF INTENDS
TO FORCE THE FIGHTING
FOE'S CRUISERS PREVENT
LANDING OF BROWN MEN
SUMMARY OF* THE DAY'S WAR NEWS.
A wnr correspondent of The Call' has completed a cross-country trip from Seoul to ringyang, the
Japanese base of operations In Northwestern Korea. He reports that the Japanese commanders expect
the Russians to fall back across the Yalu River, making their final stand on the Manchurian side. The
advance of the brown men, he says, has been admirably planned and Is progressing; very leisurely, the
. strength of the men being wived for the hard work ahead of them. Contrary to his expectation, he found
that -the sentiment of the. native Koreans was favorable to the Russian cause. So far has the Japanese ad
vance progressed that their scouts are separated from those of the Russian army only by the river Cheng
cheng, north of Anjou.
Russia's Vladivostok squadron, which Admiral Kamimura failed to entrap when he made his recent
dash to the Siberian harbor, Is again annoying the Toldo war board. After the departure of Kamimura
the four cruisers evidently left the- harbor and they are now at Posslet Bay, on the northeastern coast of
Korea, lying in -wait for the army Japan Is attempting to land there. It was here that the Japanese
admiral expected to find them when he attempted his recent coup, but they had been warned In time to
retreat to the shelter of the Vladivostok forts. . •
Port Arthur again rei>orts "all quiet." A dispatch from Chefu says It Is learned there that a Rus
sian torpedo-boat destroyer was sunk at Port Arthur by accidental contact with a mine, only four of' her
. crew being saved. Viceroy AlexlefT denies that great damage was done by Japanese shells during the re
cent bombardment. He says the Port Arthur fleet has cruised i within a radius of fifty miles of the harbor
without sighting the Japanese warships.
General Kuropat kin's special train Is making rapid progress through Siberia. Once at the scene of
hostilities the commander In chief will live aboard the train, making his headquarters wherever his pres
ence Is needed most.
American missionaries In Northern Korea have failed to heed the, warning to escape from the war
district while they have the opportunity. Few availed themselves of the chance to depart on the Ameri
can cruiser Cincinnati. In the Korean capital It Is feared that their f oolhardlness may yet be repented
and they are censured for not sending the women and children to places of safety. It was announced by
the State Department early this week that hereafter It would be impossible to send navnl or military ex- \
pedltions into the war district to rescue endangered missionaries.
Russian officials discredit the reports that the Japanese are using explosives prohibited by The
Hague convention. They have no complaint to -make against Japanese procedure since the formal declaration
of war.
It Is the belief in St. Petersburg that the war will last about a year and a half, and arrangements
are being mode on that basis. • ¦
The suggestion that . Russia win attempt to send the Baltic fleet to the Far East by the Arctic route
~* is being widely discussed by European naval experts. Should the project be successful the most remark
able cruise of a fleet on record will have been made.
RUSSIA'S VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON IS NOW AT ANCHOR IN POSSIET BAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH IS, 1904.
Port Arthur Enjoys Tranquillity.
; PORT ARTHUR,: March 17.— All is
quiet Jiere.' Military^bands play twice
a, week In the public square."
CAPE TOWN, March 17.— Lord Mllner, Brit
ish High Chancellor In South Africa, has can
celed the permit granted to William T. Stead,
the English writer, to travel In South Africa,
©wing to the character of the speeches recently
delivered by Stead. . ~-\- ,.-
KIEFF?. March 17.— The manager
ment of the Southwestern Railway
has decided toorganize a special train
to convey the Manchurian sick to the
interior of Russia
Special . Train for tlie Sick.
SHANGHAI, March 17.— According
to information received by the , Rus
sians here, the .opposition , party in
Japan is protesting against- the impo
sition of new taxation on the popula
tion, which already Is suffering ;; under
excessive taxes. Lack of money also is
said to be the cause of the delay in the
transportation of Japanese troops.
Faction Opposes the War Tax.
CHEFU, March 17.— The United
States cruiser Cincinnati,' just arrived
from | Chemulpo, reports everything
quiet, with no news from the front At
the request of Minister Allen the
cruiser brought two former Korean of
ficers, i who had left Korea In conse
quence of their friendship for Russia.
Cruiser Cincinnati at . Chefn.
4
. Remember the name. "Doan'a, and take
no substitute.
It oa Every Corner.
It is sometimes an easy matter to foot
the public, but you can't keep it up very
long. They are sure to find you out; and
every time a man is fooled another skep-
tic Is made. Skepticism is allowable
when reading in a home newspaper about
some incident occurring in Maine or
Iowa, but the circumstances are entirely-
different when it refers to some one rlijht
here at home, friends and neighborg.
people whom you know, whom you can
see and with whom you can talk It over
This Js the kind of evidence at the back
of Doa-n's Kidney Pills — home state-
ments by home people, and the astonish-
ing local work they have been doing has
caused more talk amontr our cttizensi
than the doings of any other modern
wonder.. Read the following:
W.-P. Candy, employed in a fruit can-
nery, residence 318 Minna street, says:
*I have gone out of my way to induce
friends and acquaintances whom I knew
suffered from backache or kidney com-
plaint to use Doan'a Kidney Pills: in
fact, I ba^e never lost an opportunity tr>
endorse them very forcibly. I have good
reasons for so doing. I knew that my
kidneys were, either excited or weakened.
I knew I required some medicine to
soothe, purify and wash them, and I
selected Doan's Kidney Pills. They did
the work thoroughly, quietly and quick-
ly."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffajo. N. Y., «olo
agents for the United States. -fSBPW
San Francisco People Ara Talking- Abont
STORIES OF THE STREET.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.veloplng. The local combine la con
fronted with the announcement that
E. H. Heaps & *Co.. owning a large
mill here, will supply builders in de
fiance of the selling pool of the com
bine.
liumber War Is Expected.
VANCOUVER, B. C. March 17.-v
Prospects of a war in lumber prices in
Vancouver appear to be gradually de-
.The finance committee of the
Twenty-ninth Triennial Conclave.
Knights Templar, which will be held
in this city September next, met last
night at the executive committee
headquarters, 645 Market street.
Elaborate plans of action have been
prepared by the committee, and sub
scriptions,will shortly be solicited by
the members. A programme on an "ex
tensive scale is being prepared for the
entertainment of visitors, and the con
clave promises to be one of the most
successful of its kind ever held here.
PreiMirlng for the Conclave.
When arrested he had fallen from a
car. and at the hospital when examined
by Dr. Boskowitz he seemed to be un
der the influence of liquor. He was sent
to the Hall of Justice, and Wednesday
morning, as he seemed to be in a stu
por, he was returned to the hospital,
where Dr. Pawlickl made a careful ex
amination and found he showed symp
toms of pneumonia.
Spillane died a few hours later and
the body was sent to the Morgue,
where Dr. Baclgalupi made an exam
ination and found death was caused by
a fracture of the base of the skull. Spil
lane resided at 1619% Ellis street.
Hugh Spillane. who was picked up on
the corner of Fourth and Howard
streets on Tuesday night by Officer
Culllnan and taken tn the Central
Emergency Hospital, died there yester
day morning at 12:30 o'clock.
Hugh Splliane, Arrested for Drunken
ness, Proves to Have Had His
Skull Fractured.
The commissioners for' the State's
Big Basin Park have received returns
concerning the recent rainfall in the
Big Basin and. they amply justify the
name that has been attached, to' the
region. I In a period of ten days the
clouds, poured forty-eight inches of
.water into the basin. In fact, as the
Vain gauges were overflowing every
time when a record was taken it 13
certain that the total rainfall exceeded
four, feet in less than a fortnight.
This may explain how the great trees,
the sempervirens, have retained their
thrifty ' growth, some of them having
more than 4000 years of existence.
Now the soil is in prime condition to
nourish the mighty roots -of the sem
pervirens trees for the coming season,
the first year when their full enjoy
ment has been . thrown open to the
public -since originally they fell, into
private ownership.
. The several creeks that run through
the Big Basin Park are still bank
full and scores of miniature water
falls are adding picturesqueness to the
scene. Yesterday \V. H. Mills, one of
the Big Basin Park Commissioners,
made the announcement that onlv the
season and the .wetness of the parks
are in the way of any one who wishes
to go in and enjoy camp life.. Portions
have ..been ; set aside as- camping
¦grounds, so* situated that danger from,
fire will be obviated. In anticipation
of Mhe ; early opening of the season
the Commissioners have authorized
the warden to construct a log cabin
for his own use at the entrance to. the
park. Here every visitor must regis
ter. At 'the next meeting. of the com
'mission'it is probable that rules will
be considered for the regulation of
'visitors. .
: ;; Santa .Cruz County has authorized
the "construction of a good" carriage
road, * with easy , grades, Into the Big
Basing arid ' this ; will be completed by
the v middle '^of . the coming summer.
The ; Commissioners will have dams
More Thnt Four Feet of Water Falls
In It Within Ten
Days.
DIES FROM EFFECTS OF
FAIiLJNG FROM A CAR
placed on the east fork of the "Wad
dell Creek to make a space half a
mile long of slack water, upon which
boats may be rowed for a distance of
half a mile under trees. This may
be succeeded by dams on the other
streams. Such a method of providing
room for canoeing is common In the
great parks of Europe. At what is
known as the "Governor's camp"
there will be established a large sta
ble. All dry timber in the Big Basin
Park will be cut and the underbrush
will all be cleared out and disposed of
safely this seasm.
BIG BASIN .JUSTIFIES
NAME BY RAIN CATCHING
A gymnasium for the Emperor of
China is to be buljt in the palace at
Peking. His Majesty is in poor health
on account of his sedentary life and
gymnastic exercises have been rec
ommended to strengthen his muscles.
; Yonns Armenian Receives Strong
Support in His Snit to Recover
Wages From Rug Dealer.
The suit of Thomas Killogean. an
Armenian, against M. B. Mihran. the
Turkish rug dealv at 205 Post street,
for ?1700 he alleges is due for wages
for two years' work as a salesman in
j Mihran's store, was on trial in Judge
I Hebbard's court yesterday. Mihran
opposes the suit on the ground that
the plaintiff was not a salesman in
his store, but pimply a porter and jan
itor. The evidence adduced yesterday,
however, showed- that the plaintiff had
for a number of months sold rugs.
Evidence to this effect was given by
Charles Crocker, R. Weil, Mrs. Be
lasco and Mrs. Louis Sloss, all of
whom said they had been sold ruga by
Killogean. They also gave evidence
favorable to his reputation in general.
A few days ago Killogean was ar
rested on a warrant sworn to by Mih
ran. charging him with stealing a rug
and selling it to Mrs. Curtis. After
a trial in the Police Court Killogean
was discharged, Mihran failing to
sustain his charges.
Newfoundland Dispute Settled.
PARIS, March 17. — It is asserted pos
itively in authoritative quarters her;
to-day that both the form and sub
stance of the agreement between
France and England concerning New
foundland have been concluded. The
officials say this is the only colonial
issue which has advanced to a definite
conclusion, -although the negotiations
relative to Morocco, Egypt and Siam
are progressing in such a satisfactory
manner as to promise early conclusions
similar to those in the case of New
foundland.
Kills lUtnsclf for Love's Sake.
SAN MATEO. March 17.— Edward,
commonly known as "Dutch," Camp
bell. 22 years of age, committed suicide
here yesterday by blowing out his
brains at the home of Fred Compton,
on A street. Campbell was very much
infatuated with a handsome young
widow here, and believed that if he
could secure his share of the estate of
the late John Campbell, his father,
which is valued at about $30,000, she
would marry him. He was despondent
over the delay of the courts in making
a division of the property.
Johnson Is Found Guilty.
REDDING. March . 17.— Charles
Johnson was found guilty this
afternoon in the Superior Court of as
sault with a deadly weapon with in
tent to commit murder. Johnson
shot Tom Cross in the arm in a saloon
January 9 last after Cross had tan
talized him several hours. Sentence
will be pronounced Saturday. The
penalty provided is from one to four
teen years' imprisonment.
San Franciscan Receives Promotion.
NEW HAVEN, March 17.— Samuel
Higgins, a native of San Francisco and
at present mechanical superintendent
of the Southern Railway, with head
quarters at Washington, is to be the
new general manager of the New
York, New Haven and Hartford Rail
way in place of W.' E. Chamberlain,
retired. - ¦
BIJENOS ATRES, March l".-r-The Govern
ment'has . categorically denied the statement
published in Ncw York that an alliance has
been , formed of South American , nation*
against the United States.
WORTHY PEOPLE TESTIFY
IN KILLOGEAN'S FAVOR
MODESTO. March 17. — The Board
of Supervisors, in session just ending
to-day, adopted resolutions protesting
against allowing San Francisco to di
vert the waters of the TuoJamne River
for municipal purposes, and in a me
morial to Congress asked that body to
turn down the bill granting San Fran
cisco the privilege of reservoiring the
river.
Oppose Tuol umne Klver Scheme.
rious rireurr.slances, brought in a ver
d:ct this afternoon of death from the
effects of chloroform and laudanum,
FPlf-administercd. Lower had been ill
for several days from a chronic nervous
ailment. He leaves a wife and son.
LOS ANGELES. March 17.— The Cor
oner's jury in Oie case of B. E. Lower,
a well-known real estate man and
former prominent business man of
Phoenix. Ariz., who died suddenly at
his home here yesterday under myste-
Verdict of Suicide in Lower Case.
WASHINGTON, March 17.— The Sen
ate to-day, in executive session, con
firmed the following nominations: John
Barrett of Oregcn, Envoy Extraordi
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary to
Panama; Arthur M. Beaupre of Illi
nois. Envoy Extraordinary and Min
ister Plenipotentiary to the Argentine
republic; William R. Russell of the
District of Columbia. Envoy Extraor
dinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to
Colombia ; Henry W. Shoemaker of
Ohio, secretary of legation at Lisbon,
Portugal; Nelson O'Shaughenesey of
New York, secretary of legation at Co
penhagen. Denmark: Louis A. Dent of
the District of Columbia, Ccrnsul at
Dawson City. Yukon Territory, Can
ada; James Tanner, Register of Wills
for the District of Columbia, James
H. Monteath, agent for the Indians of
the Blackfoot .Agency. Montana.
Takes Favorable Action Upon a Large
Batch of Appointments Made by
President Roosevelt.
SENATE CONFIRMS
MANY NOMINATIONS
WASHINGTON. March 17.— Senator
Foster of Washington has secured the
appointment of Hal J. Cole as Regis
ter of the Land Office at Spokane, dis
placing Ludden. It is the end of a
long and bitter fight against Major
Cole. By a small majority the appro
priation of $7500 for expenses of a dele
gate to the postal congress to meet at
Rome was to-day reduced by a vote erf
the House to $5000. Ex-Congressman
Jx>ud is the delegate.
War Department orders— Boards of
officers convened by paragraph 22, spe
cial orders No. 109, December 22, 1903,
and paragraph 11, special orders No.
15, January 19. 1904. among them be
ing one at the Presidio-, are dissolved.
Major Frank T. Hobb's, ordnance de
partment, upon his relief from duty^at
the United States Military Academy
will proceed to Benieia and assume
command of Benicia arsenal, and in
addition to these duties he will report
to the commanding general of the De
partment of California, fo-r duty^as ord
nance officer of that department. Pri
vate Frank E. Williams, Company M,
Twenty-eighth Infantry, Presidio (in
fantry cantonment), will be discharged
from the army under provision of para
graphs 156 and 158, United States army
regulations, by commanding officers.
Navy orders— Lieutenant A. J. Hep
burn is ordered to the naval training,
station, San Francisco, with additional
duty on the Pensacola. Assistant Engi
neer R. E. Carley, retired, is detached
from the office of naval intelligence.
Navy Department, Washington, D. C,
etc., and is ordered to San Diego for
duty in connection with a naval coal
ing plant to be built at that place.
Robert B. Henry of Lakeside and
Ollie E. Neal of Hessaltine, ! Wash.,
were commissioned fourth-class Post
masters.
Robert N. Ames of Ogden is appoint
ed clerk at the San Francisco pension
agency.
A. H. Heber.of Los Angeles is regis
tered at the New Willard.
the liiiiHl Oflic'e at
Seattle.
Major Cole Is Appointed Register of
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
BERLIN. March 17.— Herr Bebel. the
Socialist leader, speaking in the Reich
stag to-day during the debate on the
supplementary appropriation tor Ger
man Southwest Africa, said the whites
teemed to him to be primarily respon
sible for the insurrection of the Her
reros. The traders, he asserted, per
suaded the natives to buy on credit
articles which they did not require in
their mode of living and charged 600
per cent over the actual value of the
goods. Thus the natives were deep in
debt and their burdens were increas
ing; year by year.
The Colonial Office in 1903. in order
to J<?ss-en the traders' exactions, ruled
that debts of certain kinds due to trad
«?is were r.ot collectable after one year,
and the traders proceeded to force the
collection by taking cattle at ridicu
lously low valuations. This ruling, in
tended to protect the natives, immedi
acy multiplied the differences about
the debts. The Herreros saw them
eeiv<?s ruined and rebelled.
Dr. Stcubel. director of the Colonial
Oflice, said that from the information
received so far it was impossible lo
draw a final conclusion as to the cau«
of the uprising:. Some colonials as
*-crted that th«? natives had been harsh
ly treated, while others claimed that
Colonel Leutv.in, th? Governor of Ger
man Southwest Africa, was too mi!d
la his ndminiEtration of the affairs of
the colony;
Socialist Leader Says Laws
Made to Benefit Natives
Have Been Greatly Misused
URIAH, March 17.— W. J. Ward, a
prominent resident of Anderson Valley,
was killed at Greenwood Monday. He
was superintendent of the tanbark
crusher for the L. E. White Lumber
Company, and remained during the
noon hour to attend to a machine which
was not working satisfactorily. When
laborers at 1 o'clock returned they
found Ward lying about twenty feet
from the machine, with part of his
clothing torn off and his body badly
mangled. He was still alive, but re
mained unconscious until he died. It Is
supposed that his clothing caught in
the shafting.
The cookhouse of the camp is only
about a quarter of a mile away, but
the hands heard no outcry. The de
ceased leaves a family.
TAXPARK CRUSHER EXDS '
LIFE 6V SUPERIXTEXDEXT
Conn Valley is situated fifteen miles
north of Nnr>a and contains some of
the richest land In the county. An ap
peal will probably be taken to the
Supreme Court from the decision.
NAPA, March 17. — Judge Gesford
to-day rendered a decision in the case
of Mrs. T. C. Rogers et al. against II.
Overacker Jr. The case, which was
recently tried in the Superior Court
here, was hotly contested, the trial
Listing t\,-o weeks.
H. Overacker Jr. owns a ranch
at the head of Conn Valley, in
this county, and for the past
two years, during the dry seasons, has
been using:" the waters of Conn Creek
for the purpose of irrigating his al
falfa fields. Mrs. Rogers and the
other lower riparian rights owners
brought suit to restrain Overacker
from so diverting the water..
By the decision" the defendant is"
perpetually enjoined from diverting
the water of Conn Creek during the
dry seasons to such an extent as to de
prive the plaintiffs of water enough
for domestic purposes and the water
ing of the^r stock.
Judge Gesford of Xapa Enjoins
Rancher Overacker From Using
Too 'Much Water.
CREEKS OF COXX VALLEY
FOR THE USE OF ALL
The toast was all the more sensa
tional because General Grant was the
principal guest at the banquet! In say
ing that he dare riot talk because he
was a soldier he added that every offi
cer of the army, especially from the
Philippines, who had talked publicly
"has heard from Washington."
CHICAGO. March 17.— General Fred
D. Grant, commander of the ¦ Depart
ment of the Lakes./startled the Irish
Fellowship Society at its banquet to
night by snubbing the President of the
United States in the toast assigned to
him. j General Grant was asked to re
spond to the toast, "The President."
Instead of the good words that were
expected his fellow banqueters heard
the following:
"I can only say a few words to you
to-night. In the first place, I am not
a speechmaker. In the second place,
because I am a soldier the ban of
silence rests upon me. In the third
place, I do not know the President of
the United States."
With these sententious remarks, Gen
eral. Grant abruptly dismissed the sub
ject assigned to him, and there was an
awkward silence until the toastmaster
came to the rescue with the next toast
on the programme.
Sp«clal Dispatch to The Call
111 Responding to a Toast
He Says He Does Not Know
Nation's Chief Executive
DEFENDS THE HERKEROS
SENTENTIOUS EEMARKS
tf ¦ ¦ ¦
"The execution of this great design,"
it says, "is not unaccompanied by im
mense risks. The route to be followed
on leaving the Baltic Sea consists of
rounding the coast of Norway, pass
ing along the North Sea. Next the
fleet in some measure must skirt the
eternal Icefields of the pole, finding on
Its way Nova Zembla, the isle of soli
tude; Cheliuskin, New Siberia, Wran
gel Island, Eastern Cape, St. Lawrence
Island, the Gulf of Anadir and Cape
Navaln.
"At this point of Its voyage, assum
ing that it accomplishes it without
hindrance, the Russian fleet will find
itseff in Bering Sea and the waters of
Kamchatka.
"Now, for reaching this region, every
part of the route along the whole .line
of itinerary which has just been indi
cated is in the neighborhood of the
eightieth degree of latitude. The cold
there during the ten good months of
the year is from 20 to 40 degrees and
sometimes 50 decrees below zero and
the sea is frozen over for three-quarters
of the time. If one looks at the map
It will be seon that the polar basin
has no communication with other parts
of the ocean than by the sea, which
has many Islands, mostly unlnhabit-
PARIS, March 17.— The Petit Mar
seillals considers at length the project
attributed to the Russian Government
of sending the Baltic fleet to the Far
East by the northeast passage through
the Arctic Ocean and publishes a map
to accentuate Its observations.
able, which extends between Nova
Zembla and Greenland, and cm the oth
er side by Smiths Strait and Bering
Strait.
"These three routes are encumbered
by icepacks formed In the Polar Sea.
The Xordenskjold passed through these
regions in 1897 and attained as high
a latitude as 81 degrees 42 minutes'. It
la not necessary for the Russian fleet
to go so high in the north. It is only
a question of its finding a free expanse
of water to enable it to arrive at Ber
ing Strait. The ice there forms near
ly a continuous belt between the ex
treme coast of Arctic Asia and Amer
ica, along the shores of Alaska.
"This point of the globe, where" the
Nordenskjojd and Peary have won
fame, became tragically, known in 18S1
by the disaster to the Jeannette in the
Arctic expedition sent out by the New
York Herald under Lieutenant de Long.
The Jeannette entered the Polar Sea at
the north of Bering Strait and disap
peared there. She had scarcely passed
out of the channel when she was seized
by an iceberg and during two win
ters, fastened to an icefloe, was car
ried across the glacial* sea to sink at
last off the New Siberian islands, bar
red in by masses of great icepacks to
which the Jeannette could offer no re
sistance.
"If this bold voyage is accomplished
It will certainly be the first time in
the world's history' when the polar bear
and seals will have the pleasure and
surprise of 'seeing a fleet pass in file
before them."
Commander of the Depart
ment of the Lakes As
tonishes Guests at Banquet
Southwest Africa Troubles,
Bebel Says, Are Due to the
Presence of Foreigners
Special Cable to The Call nnd Xew York Herald. Copyright, 1901, by the
New York Herald Publishing Compan y.
GRANT SNUBS
THE PRESIDENT
PLACES BLAME
ON THE WHITES
Attempt to Reach the Orient by the
Northern Route Would Involve
Enormous Risk.
BALTIC FLEET MAY BRAVE ARCTIC PERILS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CaLL, FRIDAY; MARCH IS,: 1904.
5
ORDBR F"OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK,
Mall This Ord«r to Tb» Saa TrsmoUco Call Wltk 7So.
The San Francisco Call.
... San. Francisco. Cal.J
. Inclosed herewith please find 75c. for which send ra« on*
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all It* six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 23c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
CITY . ............... —
SIGNEF •
STREET „ ~.
state:......... ; -—•
AJ3VEHTISE1IENTS.
Dyspepsia
sr.d other stomach trouble*
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
ft It
This scientiSc vermicide is abso-
lutely harmless : it subdues the
intlammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, nnd by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
l-'sed an<1 recorr.mended by leading phy-
s!ci?r:s. lake no substitute and see that
**rh bottle bears my sjnatore. Trial size,
*1.OO, at druggists' or by mail, from
tl" Prince ft. - - New York.
i*cndjor CtitiHet Hn<rU> Trrei Di*ra*rs.
JTR fS ' >*-"-'¦{¦ fX\ D ocrnew VACUUM IJK-
RvMfH In Uf&If VKUIPER and IN.
i W H "T_ El VM VIGOKATOR In a nat-
U V U uu H >£] nral restorer of lost
FTn>nc!h ani vicor. It is the ONLY tnpans
which wi'i expand and <1pv*lop th»> orp»ns, \\%ei
wStU our Improved '• 1'ertett " Medicated
{ Direct Mediation )
Crayons, will quickly cur* unnatural losses, utrlc-
ture, prei&aturp <5»~av. pr<^:atic afleciions, etc.
yr> »-». Kor VAItlCOt'KLK our 131-
&7gW I'KOYKD DEVKLOriClt, cotn-
\}*Zs'Sj} bined with our new patvuted SUS-
>-4/ PENSCBVand COM PBKSSOI^
only by us), will curp pven the
|™Tj «'?rft < 86PS. I>on"t Call lo investigate this.
J. :3 Call or r\rite for new (copyrighted) pro-
C.: ; 1 fusf!y Illustrated XOO-pace boolc/'IIealtb.''
5; ;j for 31 EX OVLY. -Sent securely Bealrd
to^J FBEE. Our physicians are experienced
"JfcgLan'i strictly reliable specialist*. Fees
Treatmeat tiven on 10 days'
IrULl ftad approval.
' HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.,
6 O'Farrel! Street. S. F.
DR7RTERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD. LIVER. LUNGS.
yjUft^S^a MENAKDW0MEH.
*&£NHrCVB£*^tBm Cs«BlgOfornnnatur»i
£?i£Zf\* 1 tc t iarOvj discbar jtes.lnflar.inifttioBS,
U^-'jQ Geuitterd H irritation! or olceiatioas
C^S cot u ttrtctir*. of mucous nitmbtinn,
P 1 *— T< Tr**e»u <*atartaa. Pain>ts, nod not aitrio*
fj^W^THEEuiUCHtHICflCe. (t«nt or poisonous.
&^<t C:ianKlTI,€ C33CT Said by DranrUU,
'Kjgiiv «J.b.A. 5w^i or ** nt ia P' aJn wrtpptr.
T^Sf&f J»>- br «xprf»s. rr«p»ld. for
VO^&WmPjPg f'.OO: or 3 bottles 12.76.
MIlPTi ¦ Circala/ sect on tweert
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Llsu Mallei j
on Application.
rEESE AND SAZ.T MEATS.
flC RAVPC £ Ci\ Sh< J'P'nfT liutchf rs. 10S
1\2. D\J\L2> tt VU. Qay. TeL Main 1234.
OIZ.S.
X,UBRICATINa OILS; LEONARD * ELLIS.
41S Front «.. 6. F. Phone Main 1719.
psnmvo.
» THE EMPORIUM j THE HKPOBnnt , THE EMPORIUM. -'^ -: C
5 - Women's *. *m ypt" 0 Sato $
J Bulgarian jffi C j¥>^ farf M i i Iff Juxodo \
i J U ?-^r Veilings , 5
X %>tOCK Collars . California's largest- oc«. ts:~*i x
j 0/1 \r 1 ....¦¦¦| l | l niw^^^^ Hoc twin
$ mzUC values ¦i||||j||jjj|jgffTr' hm nn 11 grandest store: 3»
I 12C E&Ch Special sale goods ordered by mail or 16C Y39*U |
*l" To day and Saturday ' telephone trill nnl be sent C. O. D. To-day and Saturday 9
5 . — ___ : ; — %
i Child's Tuscan Hat $2.50 Suspenders 19c Pair £
JJ Stylish DreSS HatS $5.00 3Sc Suspenders ISc-AJaw of tine imported >0f%-^ £
£ ChlW.Hat-M.de of thenewTuieanbraid, J*k*fe ** |»xb. with kid or .UJc ends nni.h e J with handsome jf^ff* >,
I trimmed with bows ot ribbon and 6^1- S2 m SO c^«; rrguhr lS c v,!u«;_ Friday .nJ Saturday, pair .*
• ,. , .- ... ,,, -. m& M Yfc^ Men S Gloves An rnt:rc new Isne ot dress and itr?tt g!o»ej, «*
ii bljssoms, pretty enough for a"bett har,only *^ imcii » uiu»so « • * -» _
j^ mads by Fownes & D:nt; ths correct cut; colors and embroidery *•
| If Ltdies* Stylish Dress Mats— Made of fancy Tuscan braid, trimmed for Easter, pair $1.5U, 51*85, $2*00 Jt
I £ with b'uc for^t-ms-nots and large sitin jf% mm Mfoff% Men's UndcPWCflP- Suprr weight, na:m. wool, psrfrct .X
. £, r:bbon bow?, an extra value at vOf Crw fitting; well made shirts and drawer*, per gar- ti*4 fi fi «
\ ft • * *• • • * " rn*nt .......... .. ..... tjr ** " %JP %0 \j
I *' HatS fOP Middle-Aged LadieS-Of black foMed chif- Men's Night Shir tS - Either flannelette or fine mus!in; ex-
i j; twn, jet crvwn and trimmed wl:h small bunches of flowers, styli h tra I - sr 8= bj<1 >' and fu ' Ifng^h* (»'»» th- « de - 4§ f fi fi [%
If and «easor.ab!y priced ¦ ¦ $3.90 brated hotel nighnhirts), here f-r %fif M B \M %J %
! | Ready-tO-Wcar-and Tailor Hat«-In f.ncy straw W^ 8 Pajama.^1- .tripe, and figure,; good fitting; weH J
i ft ' b aids, trimmed with wings and quills and gold buttons, styles to male; comp.ets su ts. ... . . . ... . . . . 91*^0 X
». ,utev-rvbodv « 9 o <l /#• cf<? /in Ncw Manhattan Shirts for Spring -We carry the >r
.» j su t everybody . ....... $2.95 f O $15.UU m.l 1 ne ot theie famcu. shirts for men; they are better cut, bet- .%
! X Ready-tO-Trim Hats - Of folded ch ffjn or lace, in large «W mad e » n< l !"*« mo ' e new an<J exdusiTe ideas than ercr b fore. jj
• * Gainsborough and picture shapes; hats that require bu: little trim- The k" 1 * novelties in Madras, percales, rephyrs and batistes;
!* mi g to make thrm look swell.. £4.0O and $4.5O wht * « rtumJs with ncat effecn » ltri P :s » fi 8 urei » checks, solid %
! *„ • • v-sr»*rw •¦»¦•• grays and the new gnn metal colors; cuffi af.ched and detached;
i J Model and Pattern Hats-Hundreds to select from, no pr : CM $1.50, $2.00, $2.50 '1
% > two alike; deigns iVcm the most famous Paris and New York Ncw S pr l n g Socks-In plain and fancy lisle; new tans, jt
JV designers $15,00 fa $45. OO modes, grays and black, pair . . 2BO *
I $ S1.OO Sacuues, 73c Men's and Boys' Smant Clothes j
!$• Friday Only— Handkerchief comb- At The EmpOHum PHceS J
|j: "mg sacquc, a ncw effect, on spccbi Why Pay Custom Tailors Double 7 $
g sae at a quarterns than real value; CuStOm taiiorS Will give yOU no better fit than 5
| gigflil^ii vve do, and not halt the style that the world-famous |
£ mixtures, trimmed with bands oi manufacturing tailors of whom we buy our goods %
|Jf contrasting co'ors, a regu- **<&** put into their garments. i
I Jv lar j ioo vaue, to-day . . *&** Men's Suits $15— New Spring ttyles, fash- }
i tf 4^9 Bifi Hhnt*i*~ mm ~~ * 3ne d by tailors who are masters of the art of clothes- .xJSfc 2
*f \r nM making — the product of manufacturers of »n cstab":sh- ,"t
ft fOr IffiCn ed reputation, recogniz:d as dictators of men's fashions V*l3^L 5
IT Children's Shoos t h e wor ](i ovcr . Fine imported and dome.tic wor- A^^ls. 5
¦|Jf 15 styles Mrn'i Shoes at "Three Fi£ty," 5tc d, f cheviots, tweeds, homespun., etc., in a superb //P' !\
1 " with a 1 the corrrct style and wearing qua ity • r . r hr /mj\ "2
I h of most of the $ S .oo shoes offered by ex- assortment of patterns and colorings: coats g£m mm U **l \ S
I %' clu«ivi sho; jhops. AU so. ts ot* Ir jth;r- vki either sing'e or doub'e breasted, with th; JgE # %? I' dfl <A *
• kid, patent colt, patent ename'ed, box calt, new narrow lapels and close fitting col'ars • . . . • JIT i\ v^'A "2
g etc.; all the new ,hap-s that are to be worn TOD CoatS $10— In COVert cloths, in //V MA *
»? this Spring and Sumrh-r. Men who have men a. i up voais^iu . » jm m jw
I always paid $5.00 for their footwear P*Y °r tan, extra well made, broad mi itary A W|f *
h are particularly invited to inspect *h:<u'ders, cut loose and lull, with snug-fitting X^X /Hf «
'$ this line at . .'.. ££*2& EZGTl cola-s; the best top coats in town for th? *» g QJ S 1^^, -£l %
J Special Saturday -children's stcut Men's Trousers — F i n = imported worsteds, \a3^ n^n^^^i '£
j£ School Shoes, kangaroo tops, box caf, lace, cajsimeies and chrviots; iijht, dark and medium shades, in \T^\ im^W^^^k *
H full round t.>c «nd tip, extension sole, spring ail th- n:w Spring sty'e?; fit as if made to m:a ure; an extra \V\\ >ti«i*^^^S3' •*
*] heel, s'zes I)/, to" II, well - f _ good value at. . . .' $5.00 W|M "5
\i worth j 1. 75; per pair. . $ 1ml & M , %y h y t p; ain white , in a! ] >g^ feM *
j »; Misses' sizes, „# to 2, worth the popular votings; cplor.-d duck,, with stripe,, do:, Vli 5
! Sk' . ' '. C [ ar ' 1?,' ' ' ' ,." , . , and tiKured effects; mercerizrd si.ks, in many dirY rent l^iS -1
I "*«<¦ -¦>•• w»i«» s
tt hani turned S oie5, with aii the _ Boys' Confirmation Suits zzm^^iw* *
\*{ style of a 5 6.oo shoe, for . . 9*Jm5%M . Hanjsome new styles in Bojs' Enter C.othing; %
i J> Ladi s' Button Shoes — Dull kid top, no better shown anywhere and much higher price than ours charged elsewnere. We know '_
' fc° kid foxed, patent leather M.s, th^ new style there are no cSjthes for boys fflor: honest in make and material; we kn»w none are sold i(
j *( of dulltd button', turned scles, -^^ s f% w "^ more bonest intrnt-'ons. We want c> cry parent to b: p!eai;d, to be satisfied, and we ".%
I Jt military E=e"s %ft<mf m&%J guarantee every suit to be tuil ra'ue and to g've good satisfaction. «*
: t»* Ladies* Sanda'8— Patent coh skin 4- Fine Blue Serge Suits— For boys I* to 16 years; single or Jgg% X
i If }traps:nia s, Lcuis XV h?e!s, g^^m & g% doub'e breasled sack coats *&£ m*HJ "jt
i* chc and dr-s?y . .... . &2mm5lP BoysV Norfolk Suits— For ages 6 to 14 year*; in pretty Spring £jm o/"l *
I *» L- dies 1 3-Strap Sandu s— Patent ttonctand colors %&*r.9O '^
j Jjf kid, mi.itary hee!s, a nrat wa.king shoe to go Boys* 3-PleCC Suits — For ages S to 15 years; coat, Test and knee n r%
!¦ with,yiur new Easter dr. s»,^^ *% c pants, the coat military cut . $5mOO &
'J, piir . . &2i.2£& Boys' White Vests— Abo fancy dotted; for age* 7 to 16 years . . . . S1*25 5
|| ~~ 10,000 Cloth-Bound Books 15c Each I
i *; Another Wondcrlul Saturday Special in the Bij Emporium Book Store— Good-looking, cloth-bound books, back >r
| £ stamped in god, ornamented sides worked in co.ored inks, good legible type, printed on fair quality mm X
i tf of pape^ more than 400 tkles-(a few given be'ow); on special sale Friday and Saturday, each . . . mm9C 5
?» Adam Bode Cousin Maud* lamplighter Hoblnson Cruso« Thr»e M*n In a Boat «
?» Andersen's Fatry Tales Daniel Deronda L#na Rivers Romance of Two Worlds Tr .._ .. , h . w . fH «*
S Arabian Mehts Dombey and Son I^ongfelloWs Poems Samantha at Saratoga 1" l *>ono j
?. Ardath Emrrson's Eseays Lorna Doone. Sa^bo Treasure Island J^
¦I Bitter Sweet First Violin Madame Sans-Gene Seir-Hel» t Tried for H*r Uf» J€
¦ Bondman, The Grimm's Fatry Tales MIddlemarch She . True to the Old Flaf .%
k Brtde's Fate. Th* Her Heart's Desire Mill on the Flos* Sketch Book T'ncle Tom's Cabin Jt
V California and Oregon Hidden Hand Ocean Trasredy Spy. The ITnder Drake's Flax «
•^ Trail Idle Thoughts of an Idle OUverTWJst Study In Scarlet Vanity Fair "m
i »i Changed Bride » Fellow Prince of the House of Swiss Family Robinson "With Lee In Virginia. j5
I tf Children of the Abbey John Halifax ,* David Tale of Two Cities "Wormwood "»
I •? Complete Letter Writer , Kcnilworth Quo Vadis Tales From Shakespeare "Wee Maesreegor "2
1 ". for Ladles and Gentlemen Kldnarcd Robert Elsmere Three Guardsmen Evansellne ' Zl ..'¦ *J
I M% i^mmmmmmammmmmmMmmamMmMmmmaMmmmMMmMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMmMmmmmmm^m^^mmmMammMmmmmmmm '^
I I Butter Sale— Liquors Children's Underwear--Jiose \
I Lucca 0 I-Cros»c & Blackweli's, Friday and Saturday, bottle. 62c Children's School Host-- ix l ribbed, double knees and soles; abso- >*
iS Good Laundry Starth-The a days; 5' lbs. . 25O luely fast black; stout, good wearing hose; suit- «OT/ *% 'J
\% Imported Swiss Cheese - The 2 days; Jb 29C ab!e for either boys or girls, pair M £- /^U J
j Standard Tomatoes — Sdid p:ck, doz. $1.30 9 tin . . . . 1(C Children's Vestt and Pants— Fleeced heary cotton; s : ies 4^— «"•
J; Coffte — Best Java'and Mocha; ground or bean; Ib. . . . . 29C 20 to 34, garment ; 25 C *
*^ Choice Sonomi Claret— For the 2 days; gal 43 O Children's Vesti and Pants— Summer weight, Swiss ribbed; Tests *
it Montreal Canadian Malt Whisky— Full quart battiej .... 37 O n 'B n neck, long or short sleeyes; pants knee length, bee _ %
JC Good California Brandy— Pure grape; tuil quart". . . . . 700 trimmed, garment. • • • . . . Z5C -J
?¦ Utcpia Gingtr Ale — The best locil; doz. $1m1O Children's Imported Hose — Genome French cotton; 1x1 ribbrd, *'
£ R;islihtf, Sauterne, Burgundy or Cabernet— Sx-year-old wn?s; for fast black; sizes 6 to 10 inch; a 35c value, pair . . . ,jm?^ \
*i the 2 daysj^al.. . 82C • • * - ' ?OC M
* » 2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Another rainy day
attraction-to-day
If a table of this sort is needed, , get it to-day and
save a half. Made of oak, golden finish, with quar-
ter-sawed top. Measures 28 inches long", 24 inches
wide and 29 inches high. Regular price $10.50. A spe-
cial. to-day, Friday only, $5.85.
These one-day events are .widely recognized as ex-
ceptional opportunities for picking up odd pieces for
all parts of the home.
- ' 261 to 281 Geary St., at Union- Square. .An organization was formed yester
day with T the * object of opposing the
passage, of legislation, by* the .United
States Congress, authorizing a parcel
post ' system. M. \AI Bley. was chosen
temporary ohalrman and »Harvey Dar
neal secretary, with 'in the
Cf6ssleynmlld!rtg.r ' • > - ¦ >
Oppose Parcel Post System.
Judge Troutt yesterday made, an or
der confirming the sale of the Win
gerter property at the corner of Post
and Stockton streets'. He awarded
Attorneys . Jellett '> and ¦. Meyerstein
$4500 for their services in~ connection
with the realty, Attorney Turn Suden
$5000 for similar, services arid G. H.
Umbsen, who refereed'the sale; $9000;
The property was 7 sold^for'^eoO.OOO.'
Realty Sale Is Confirmed.
Calls Special Bond Meeting.
OAKLAND, March 17.— The Board
of Education has called a special meet
ing for to-morrow nighf for bond : dis
cussion'.' Mayor' Olney has been ih
vitea to oe present. The Council bond
committee has brought up the ques
tion of "voting on~ school bonds inde
pendently of the other projectal
Denies Cliargc of Neglect.
OAKLAND, March 17.— Edward J.
Mulhern." a Southern' Pacific Company
brakeraan. was arrested to-day. on a
charge of ha\ing failed to provide^ for
his . child. Mulherri' declares" Tie' lias
made ample provision- for -his- off spring
and says he is a victim of domestic
troubles. " " -"
The Supervisors' Electricity Commit-,
tee decided yesterday to inspect ; the
electric wiring In the various
some of which have been pronounced
defective by the department of elec
tricity. Chief Hewitt will accompany
the committee and the . first ' places" to
be Inspected will be the minor theaters
conducted In stores and halls.' ¦
To Inspect Electric Wiring.
'l'hf. trial of Nicola Crudo, cirirged
with murder for,shootins and killing
Prospero Migalo at Green and Kearhy
streets* i»n* November 8, was. -esuhji'd
boiore a Jury "in Judge Lawlni's court
yt*ler<!ay. - The case for th • prose
cution was closed and Joseph Condo,
rU-nheiv' of the defendant, tesr.rW'ijj.
the defense. He. told of the trouble
between him" and Migalo as to 'the
bootblack' stand and said that Migalo
on the "night oT the shooting struck
him and drew a knife on him. * The
defendant ran. to his assistance and
witness told him to look ©tit. as Migalo
had a knife. >Migalo faced the de
fendant .and a. shot was fired. The
case will be continued, this morning.
Crudo. Slakes His, Defense:
OAKLAND, March 17. — John Smith
and Fred Hill, arrested by Policeman
Hamerton as suspicious characters,
confessed to-day to* the burglary on
Monday night of Spagnolio & Carter's
ealoon at Point Richmond. Evidence
in the shape of cigars and slot ma
chine slugs were found on the men.
They will be sent to Point Richmond.
Confess to Saloon Burglary.
Late In ' the afternoon Mrs. ; Duncaa led the
way to t*e banquet hall downstairs, where a
feast of delicacies was spread on a single long
table for. the tired little merry-makers. -. Bou
quets of white daffodils followed a fluffy line
of green «llk down the center of the table, and
at each place was a tiny Irish hat with a pipe
stuck in the side. Green pervaded r-vcrything—
candy, cakes and ice-cream, and,, in addition,
each-;ue«t received as a favor a small Irish
flag of silk.
The llttlo folks who enjoyed the unique en
tertainment provided by Mrs. Duncan and her
little dauehter to-day- were: Ruth Vlncant,
Leslie Millie. Vera von der Itopn, Sara Shlels,
Grace. Ewlng, Hope Muthews, Cherlta Carpen
ter, G'nevleve Carpenter, Carmen Ghlrardelll,
Bessie Broadwell, Eleanor Bennett, Dottie
Egbert, Etta Shrock, Carlton Wtne«, Magda
Caulfield, Basil Crowley. Itobert Crowley,
Donald McClure, Dick McClure, Klnney Miller.
Ruth Burchard, Rosall* Ogden. Rob:rt Ogden,
Clarence ' Ogden, ; Carol ' George, , Phyllis .Cap
well, Dorothy "Capwell, Scbert Capwell.- Helen
Bannon, Jcannette Hoagland, Morrison Egbert.
Charles Egbert, Harold von der • Ropp, Frank
Harrison and others.
:- Several of, Mrs. Duncan's friends dropped \ in
during ; the afternoon to - watch .the children,
among ; them belng.»MrW* Thomas Mein, Robert
Mc-in, Mrs. Charles Egbert. Mrs. XV. A.Shrock,
OAKLAND, March I".— Dreary, drizzling
rain could not dampen the ardor of, little Flcs
s'le Duncan and the merry crowd of children
who assembled in Manle Hall at her bidding
to', celebrate Bt. Patrick's day. From 2 until
after. 6 the children enjoyed every minute.
Dancing wna the order of, the hour, and . thu
regular programme was Interspersed with
fancy dances ' by Grace Ewing, Flossie'Dun
can. .Dottle Egbert. Etta Schrock, and ' a dual
dance by Flossie Duncan and Carmen Ghlrar
delll. Little Hobert Duncan, In Scotch plaids,
danced 'the- Highland .fling, to the great de
light of-lils sister's guests. .' MUs Flos»le wa>
all in white, from the silk bow in her hair to
her pretty sllooered • feet. The other children
also made an attractive picture in their dainty
frocks. . . ¦ :
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Docs Not Like Son's Man-lace.
Albert Gompertz, father of Her
man F. Gompertz, yesterday filed a
suit to annul his son's marriage to
Mary L. Kammerer, which took place
at Alameda on February 9 of last
year. . The suit is brought on the
ground that young Gompertz at the
time of the marriage was not of age
and had become a benedick without!
the consent of his parents. i
BERKELEY, March 17. — Ambrose
Wass, the bold, bad boy who. went
looking for victima with a gun, after
reading the Dick Carter library of
dime novels, has been suspended from
the Whittier public school by Superin
tendent S. D. Waterman. The police
have taken no action in the case, no
attempt having been made to arrest
him.
Expels Bloodthirsty Youtli.
Charles Cole complained, to Police
man Handley about 6 o'clock yester
day morning that his mother's breast
pin, set with a ruby Burrounded with
fourteen diamonds, had been stolen
from his vest pocket in his room at
the Hotel Orlente, 140 Mason street.
He is employed by an automobile com
pany and had been out with a friend
in one of the machines.
Cole told the officer that he had
taken off his coat and vest and placed
them on a chair and while dozing; A.
B. Chamberlain, a bartender, who has
a room in the hotel, came into his
room. It was after Chamberlain left
the room" that he discovered the
breastpin was not in his vest pocket. :
Handley notified police headquar
ters and Detectives Armstrong .and
Braig, after making an investigation,
arrested Chamberlain and his room
mate, Frank Ward. The detectives
think that Cole might have lost the
pin while carousing.
Charles Cole Loses Article of Jewelry
and A. B. Chamberlain and F.
Ward Are Arrested.
CLAIMS A VALUABLE
BREASTPIN WAS STOLEN
OAKLAND, March XI. — With $10
Confederate bills, a swindler has been
making small returns this week. Mrs.
N. Mott, 4S39 Telegraph avenue,
rented a room for $7 50 and returned
$2 50 to the stranger. Mrs. E. H. Gray,
317 Twenty-fourth street, gave % 2
change for the worthless paper and
J. N. Engledown, 166 Tenth street,
complains he lost $5 in exchange. The
police have been notified.
Passes Confederate Bills.
Mrs. Catherine Kane, an elderly
widow residing at 214% Eleventh
street, was fatally injured shortly af
ter 10 o'clock yesterday morning
while attempting to board an east
bound Howard-street car at Eleventh
street. She fell to the ground, frac
turnlng her skull and also sustaining
a wrench of the right shoulder blade.
The unfortunate woman was re
moved to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, . where Dr. Brackett, the chfef
surgeon, diagnosed her injuries as
fatal. Her - daughter, s Mrs. Leary,
with whom she resides, called at the
hospital and identified her. Late last
night Mrs. Kane was removed to the
McNutt Hospital under the ; .dlrection
of Dr. C. S. Buckley. The unfortunate
woman was on her downtown,
after attending the Sfc... Patrick's day
services at St. Joseph's. Ghurch," when
the accident occurred. : : - s r •
Mrs. Catherine Kane Falls to the
Pavement and Receives Severe
Fractnre of Skull.
AGED WOMAN FATALLY HURT
TRYING- TO .BOARD A CAR
OAKLAND, March 17. — Perma
nent organization was effected .last
night by vhe Oakland Association of
Accountants and Bookkeepers, the
following officers being elected: W,
A- Grahn, with an Oakland newspa
per, president; C. E. Chamberlain,
¦with the United Iron Works, vice
president; F. A. Leach, with Oakland
Gas, Light' and Heat Company, treas
urer; W. "W. Cooley,' Alameda, secre
tary; H. C. Sagehorn, with Central
Bank; C. G. Bird, with Pacific Coast
Lumber Company, and Duncan Mc-
Duffie, with Taft &. Pennoyer, board
of government.
Accountants Form Association.
Del : C. . Seldon. wife and little daughter of
"The Gamekeeper" Company are the guests of
Hugh : C. Gallagher and his sisters at * their
home, 2325 Santa Clara avenue .
¦ ALAMEDA,* March 17. — Senator Joseph R,
Knowland and Arthur B. Tarpey have been
elected delegates to • represent Halcyon Parlor
of the Native Sons at tho grand parlor to b*
held ,. next month ! In Vatic jiv Judge - l-'red : S.
Cone and F.W.. Haily have been chosen alter
nates. .;'-.-, - '" . ¦ •¦-.. :". ¦;. .-.- ¦ -. . - ¦
BERKELET, March 17.— The De Koven
Club will entertain next Monday afternoon
at 3:30 o'clock. In -the assembly hall cf the
High School, for the benefit of (he Athletic
Association of the Berkeley High School. The
awjpclatlon is in debt and hopes through this
effort to dear away the Incumbranee. The
following 'programme will be rendf-red: "Hark,
the Trumpet Calls," De Koven Club: parody
BonK», Merrill and De Leon; violin rolo. Arch
ibald McCletsh; "My. Hame Is Where the
Heather Blooms," club; - monologue. . Milton
Schwartz: string quartet, club; "Lnllaby,"
club; monologue, Kendall Fellows; sons, De
Koven quartet; ''.'Mrs. Winslow's,,. Soothing
Syrup,". -club.- -V " *
--. The Town and Gown Club was given an in
tellectual and musical treat at the clubhouse
yesterday.. --Mrs. -A:. S. Eakle . v.-as chairman
of the tfay, and under her direction a delight
ful programme was rendered. Tennyson's
"Enoch Arden" was read by Mrs. A. OV
Lfuechner, I whose interpretation was assisted
materially by the delicate playing of Strauss'
musical composition of the same name while
the lines were being said. Tho hostesses for
. the day tetre Mrs. Frank • M. Wilson. Mr*.
Thomas -Rlckard, Mrs. E. J. Wlckson, Mrs.
Whitney Palache, Mm. - William L. i Duff,
Mrs. James Bunnell. Mrs. Charles E.. Edwards,
Mrs. J. C.' Lynch, Mrs. Andrew Jack3on Rals
ton. .. Mrs. Charles Wilkinson, Mrs. Carl a
Plehh, • Mrs. F. J. Hathaway, Mrs. Joseph Le
Conte and Mrs." Alexis F. Langc. --'• ' . >^ ;
Last Tuesday evening Mr. and Mrs. William
McBain Jr. entertained the Eschscholtzia Club
at their- pretty home on Twenty-first street.
The evening was very pleasantly spent play
ing whist. Two prizes were won by Miss Rose
Davis and Mr. William McBain. The rooms
were decorated in emerald green and the table
decorations were In keeping. ' A|i immense
shamrock formed the center-piece, carrying out
the Idea of a Jack Horner pie, which contained
favors for each guest. At the end of the sup
per the ¦ ribbons were pull-d and brought to
light little Irish charms, guaranteed to ward
off all ill luck. Mrs. McBain was assisted by
Miss Mayme Du Rose. Those present were
Mr. and Mrs. E. K. Layurianvre, £ir. m-A M.s.
C. H. Du Rose. Mlsa Kohler and Miss* Mae
Koiiler, Miss Davis and Miss Edith Davis, Miss
Mayme Du Rose; Messrs. Bartels, Harry Le
ber.: Nat Braun, B. T. McBain and E. J.
Adams.
Covers were laid for Miss Scupham. Mr.
Lackey. Miss Koenlg, Dr. Morey, Miss Edith
Larkey, Arnold Needham, Miss Ida Larkey,
J. Chiltnn Veltch. Mirs Elizabeth Scupn«ru.
Thomas Warren, Misw Grace Trevor. 'J. .T. Tay
lor, Miss Lizzie Feldmann and Stuart Mlddle
mas of San Francisco.
Miss Geraldlne Scupham and her fiance.
George Lackey, were the motifs for a delight
ful" dinner at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. D.
Edward Collins. In commemoration of the day
the decorations were all In green and the name
cards were dainty novelties.
Mrs. Joseph Ghlrardrtll and Mrs. J. Cal
Ewing. "
• * *
The Cosmos Club enjoyed a very delightful
evening at the home of Mrs. Folger, on Jackson
street. Tuesday. The husbands of the membere
and substitutes were among the guests and
connequently tne gam<s ot wnist wtre enjoy t-d
with added zest. The handsome prizes were
won by Mrs. Folger, Mrs. John Haekett, E.
M. Walsh and Edward Hall.
The spacious apartments were tastefully dec
orated with red carnations. Besides the num
bers of the club, Mrs. Cook and Miss Nellie
Cook were guests. The other guests were:
Mrs. Pedar Sather, Mr. and Mrs. Frank M.
Smith. Mr. and Mrs. Qulncy A. Chase. Mr.
and Mrs. R. AV. Gorrlll, Mr. and Mrs. T. L.
Barker, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Burnham. Mr.
and Mrs. T. C. Coogan, Mr. and Mrs. Ernest
J. Cotton, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Crel'.ln. Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Minor Ooodall. Mr. and Mrs.
William S. Goodfellow, Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Gordan, Mrs. E. H. Klttridge. Mr. and Mrs.
J. N. Knowles. Mr. and Mrs. Paul Lohae, Mr.
and Mrs. E. G. Lukens. Mr*, and Mrs. Horry
Meek. Mr. and Mrs. Will Meek. Mr. and Mrs.
A. A. Moore, Mr. and Mrs. Egbert B. Stone,
Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Ed
ward M. Walsh, Mr. and Mrs. Prentl3s Selby,
Mrs. G. W. Cook, Mm S. R. Church, Mr. and
Mrs. E. B. Beck, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hough
ton. Mr. and Mrs. Melvin C. Chapman, Mr.
and Mrs. Ernest Folger. Charles Allen, Senator
Uuupcll Lukeno. Mr. and Aim. bamuel Ur<mM
and Mr. and Mrs. Silas Palmer.
OAKLAND, March 17. — The rain
fall for twenty-four hours ended at
1" o'clock this afternoon was .1.14
inches, a seasonal total of 24.57 inches,
as against 20.77 inches to correspond
ing date last year.
Rainfall Record.
Rebecca and Thomaa W. Nunan (husband)
to Francisco and Maria J. Marquea. lot t* -
ginning at point 110 E from SE corner of W.
Third and Chester streeta, thence along S lln«
of W. Third ztreet. E 25 by S ICO. lot 7. blocS
L. map of Bay Visw Homestead. Oakland; %l«.
Patrick and Julia F. Nolan (Flaherty) and
Henry and May F. de Chesne (Flaherty) to
Jose Joaquin Soares. lot on S line of W. Four
teenth street. KO W of Center. W 2 by 3
1C5. lot 21. block 5*>A. map of PcraJta and
Center-street lands, Oakland; $10.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Era M.
Torker (single), lot 3. block 1. map of Central
Piedmont Tract, deed and agreement. Oakland
Township: S1O.
A. A. Fink (single) to William Nelson, lot
on N line cf Addison street. ICO E cf Sacra
mento, E 50 by N 138. portion of range 1«»
Hardy Tract. Berkeley, wan-anty deed a«
against judgment rendered In favor of W. R.
Pease, SM.CSO. San Francisco; $10.
U. A. and Florence E. Berry (wife) to Guy
W. Monroe (single), lota 1 to S and lota 11 fa
34. block 21. map of Tract B. Berkeley Uad
and Town Association. Berkeley: $10t
C. A. and Ellen M. Martin (wife) to Murirt
E. Martin, lot on W line of Dana street. 45
N of Haste. W parallel to Haste CO from point
of beginning. N 45 by E 30, block 5, map of
Mibdivision of S portion of lots 5 and 6. block
5, etc.. College Komestcd. Berkeley; $10.
John and Ada M. Hlnkel to Sadie M. Can
nan (sin£l«). lot en E line of Harper str«et.
74.19 s of t Russell. S 37 by E 122.4. portion,
tuts 15 to IS. mo subdivisions In block 10.
Central Park Tract. Berkeley; $10.
E. A. and Mary Gtrvln to the Church of th«
Nazarene, lot on N line of Center street. 554.07
E of Grove. E 50 by N 134.62. b«lng W 30
teet of lot 4O and E 20 feet of lot 41. subdi
vision map of block 1. Shattuck Tract. N por
tion of Plat 6S. etc.: Berkeley; $10. *
Hubert Judre (single) to Leah F. Mott
(single), lot on X line of Santa Clara avsnue.
87 E of Everett street. E 45 by N 125. portion
of lota 1 to 3. block 2. map »ubdivis{on of
Chipman block?. Alameda; 910.
E. 8. and Margaret Angel to J. O. Harris
(married), lot on S line or Railroad avenu*.
10O W of ProsDect. street. W lt» by S 2t£V
pcrticn of Aughlnbaugh 223-acre Tract. Ala
meda; ?10.
William J. and Delia A. Mlskell to Patrick
P. Gllmore, lot 52. block E. wised map of
Claremont- avenue Tract, Oakland; $10.
Nearly every city in the interior off
Egypt is now lighted by electricity.
Virginia R. and W. J. Dinsee (husband) (as>
attorney* to Charles \l. Garwood. lot en B
line of West street, 75 3 of Fifteenth. S 2S:»
by E 00, portion lot 3. block H, r?.ap bloctc
279. owned by North Oakland Homestead. Oak
land; ;in.
E. J. and Lydia F. Snerardson iwlfe) to
William and Elizabeth C. 3JcCarty. lot on W
line of West street. 70 S of Thlrty-tlxth. 3
50:3 by W 11«:3. lot 17. block M. property
of Central Land Company. Oakland: $10.
James R. aud Margaret A. Little and Walter
P. WocUey isinglo) to W. Mauch. lot on E line
cf Stanford avenue. — S of Ashby. S 25. Q
127:5. ?» 23:«. W 1^0. portion lot 12. block L,
map portion of Newbury Tract and portion plac
51. Peraltr. Ranch". Berkeley; $100.
F. C. and Emma O. Jarvis (wife) to Mari*
R., W. P., C. F.. Elizabeth S. and Mollt« E.
Jarvis and Neva Jar%-1s Decoto. lot on SW cor
ner of Sycamore and Grove streets, S 23 by \V
liw) portiort lot 1C. block M, map W. F. Kei
sey"s Tract. Oakland; 110. . .
Abby A. and W. A. Ttnney (husband) to
Camilla D. Tf-nney. lot on W line of Amlover
street. lOo S of Edwards. W 125 by S 60. lot
60. map Pacific Theological Seminary Tract.
Oakland; $!•>.
THURSDAY, MARCH 17.
Ahum-da County.
REAL ESTATE TIIANSACTIOX&
During the first week of the colonist
travel this year, that is from March 1
to March 8, inclusive, the total number
of colonists who entered the State by
way of Ogden, El Paso and Portland,
was 4023, as against 3725 for the sam*.
period last year. Between March 8
and 14 there passed Ogden 1252 col
onists, which is also an over
the same week last year. The recent
statements made by Passenger Traffic
Manager McCormick of the Southern
Pacific Company to the effect that the
latter part of the yjear will witness, the
greater number of colonists coming
westward is being already supported
by the numerous inquiries made at tho
company's offices in the East relative
to travel during that time of the year.
According to the latest figures given
out by the Southern Pacific Company
the colonist traffic this year is well
within the expectations of the officials
of the road and from reports received
from various Eastern points it will
eventually surpass the record of last
year.
First Week's Travel Is Greater Than
That of a Similar Period Last
¦"-;-.- Year.
COLOXLST TRAFFIC
STEADILY IN'CREASING
Start a Membership Boom
OAKLAND. March 17.— Oakland
Circle No. 266, Women of Woodcraft,
will 'hold an open meeting Saturday
night at Woodmen's HalL Twelfth
street, near Washington, to boom its
membership roll. Special invitations
have been issued to the members of
Athens and Oakland camps of Wood
men to attend^ An excellent pro
gramme has been arranged. The cir
cle desires to gain 100 candidates for
the big initiation, which will take
place in April at Maple Hall, when
the grand officers of the order will
officiate. After the exercises at that
time a banquet in honor of the visit
ing officers will be given at the Hotel
Metropole.
The lodges have already contribut
ed $15,000 toward defraying the ex
penses of the reception and the state
ment was made that there will be no
trouble to raise an additional* $5000,
which will be needed.
At a meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Odd Fellows last
Wednesday night the organization of
those who are to have charge of the
reception of the Sovereign Grand
Lodge next September was completed
by the selection of all the officers and
committees, as follows:
President, J. W. Harris; vice presidents —
C. VT. BaKer. Sacramento; J. XV. Llnescott,
Santa Cruz; \V. II. Woodbrfdge. Los Angles;
Stanley *. Smith. Downievllle; Alma I. Jan
sen; San FranciHco; Dora. Gardner. Napa; Gen
eral H. O. Iirower. San Francisco; G. S Nal
smith. Oakland; William N'lcholls Jr., Berke
ley; M. G. Gill. Red Bluff; C. H. Wever. Ala
meda; J. A. Koater. San Francisco; secretary,
W. H. Barnes; assistant secretaries. U. S. -G.
ClirTcrd, Mrs. Mary E. Donoho; treasurer,
GeorRe T. Shaw; Karl C. Brueck, Stockton;
A. M. Drew. Fresno; F. E. Colley. San Jose;
J. C. fUcdman. William P. Schloesser, Mrs.
Ada Madison. Los Angeles; O. W. Krlewine
Mrs. Salli* Wolf. Sacramento; Judge F. B.
Ogden. Oakland; J. F. Coonan, Eureka; P P
Frary. San Diego; George Jeseen, Watsonville'
and the following chairmen of subcomn*U#e«-
Ways and means. W. I. Brobeck; halls J H
Gilmore; hotels, F. L.»Turpin; Information j'
G. Mjtm>11; military, E. H. Black; prizes, George
Kirk, past grand representatives' reunion
James G. Maguire; press, Fred W. Stowell :
finance, Moses Grcenbaum; carriages, Charles
Benedict; decorations, H. D. SAVlUe; printing
John Morton; music. H. F. Schlichtlng- j r .|
badges, H. Ulunden; souvenir programme
B. E. Underwood; excursions, Cantain J T*
Jones. • .
Twenty Thousand Dollars to Be Ex
pended in Entertaining the Dis
tinguished Odd Fellows.
PREPARING RECEPTION
TO SOVEREIGN* LODGE
OAKLAND, March 17.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Jacob Schu
bener,'28, and Margaret Gregg, 24,
both of San Francisco; George Mil
ler, over 21. and Gertrude Miller,
over 18, both of San Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, March 17. — Charles J.
Carr has been arrested on suspicion
of having stolen a horse and buggy
from W. E. Dean. The team was re
covered. ¦ » - ¦/ .
Suspected of Stealing Team.
Mare comes of an interesting family
and there is a glamour of romance
about the doings of his immediate an
cestors. His father is John F. More,
a brother of the late Henry A. More,
who, made a fortune raising sheep and
cattle on the island of Santa Rosa, off
the Southern California, coast. When
Henry More died there was a scramble
among the relatives for his million-^
dollar estate. A bitter struggle in the
courts ensued, the brothers and sisters
of the deceased taking sides. No soon
er was this struggle ended than an
other grew out of the desire to share
in the estate of an unmarried sister
who died, and that disagreement is still
being fought out in the Alameda Coun
ty courts.
Since coming to the university More
has been exceedingly popular. His pop
ularity was won on the football field,
upon which he has been a hero for four
years.
Mr. and Mrs. More are living at the
Rouse home. It is understood, how
ever, that there is something to settle
on the parental! side of the question
and that several conferences have been
held between young More and his fath
er, who came up from the south to talk
it over with his son.
As the story goes, "Johnny" More
and the former Miss Rouse, who had
been courting through all of the young
man's college days, went to San Rafael
one day some sixteen months ago and
were married. This is all anybody in
terested will admit.
OAKLAND, March 17.— "Johnny"
More is married. "Johnny" More, hero
of the California football, gridiron, so
ciety man, fraternity man, Golden Bear
man, Skull and Keys man, idol of the
university campus, is a benedict, and
the news has Just leaked out.
But "Johnny" won't saw a word
about it. He's as reticent as an oyster.
He won't say when it happened. He
won't say where it happened. . He will
not tell the preacher's name. He knows
the word has gone out and been passed
along the line. All his fraternity broth
ers at the Chi Phi housed know about
it and did know about it a long time
ago, but even to them "Jdhnny" has
confided nothing. When a friend asked
him to-day for details he said:
"Nothing doing."
¦ The girl in the case was Miss Mae
Ethel Rouse of Oakland. She shines
in Oakland society, is handsome arrf
her parents are Mr. and Mrs. W. A.
Rouse of 683 Thirty-fourth street.' Her
father is a commission merchant.
Terrence Brosnahan, former traveling
freight and passenger agent for the.
Southern Pacific Company, has been
appointed depot agent of the sams
company at Fresno to succeed Henry
Avila, who was recently appointed
chief clerk of the Union Pacific Com
pany in this city. Ralph B. Mitchall
who has been chief clerk to Freight
Agent Bostwick of the Southern Pacific
Company, will succeed Brosnahan.
Former State Senator William M.
Cutter, chairman of the Republican
State Central Committee, is down from
Marysville and staying at the Lick. '
Arthur Gourley of Chicago, known
throughout the West as the "ShinsH
King," arrived at the Palace yester
day. He is en route to Eureka to visit
his timber and shingle mills.
Frank J. Reed of Chicago, general
passenger age.nt of the Monon Route,
is visiting this city. In his boyhood
he was the chum of Passenger Trank:
Manager E. O. McCormick of the I
Southern Pacific Company, to see whom •
he came as far west as San Francisco,
only to Icarn that Mr.- AlcCormlck had
passed him on the road, bound for New
Orleans.
W. H. Morgan of Hew York, who Is j
interested in the Morgan steamship
line, and Mme. de Caumont, a relative,
registered at the Palace yesterday.
James Crooks of x Hamilton, Canada,
who is prominently identified with rac
ing in the Dominion, Is registered at
the Palace.
Bernard Griesedic^, one of the pro
prietors of the National Brewing Com
pany of St. Louis, Is registered at the
St. Francis.
Peter Busch, eon of Adolph Busch,
head of the big St. Louis brewing firm,
arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Count Ca3a Equia of Paris,, who waa
here several months ago, returned yes
terday and Is staying at the Palace.
Lynford Diddle, a wealthy youns
lawyer of Philadelphia, and his eister
are at the Palace.
Dr. J. H. McLeod of Santa Rosa is
at the Grand.
A. J.. Fairbanks, a hotel proprietor of
wilfrts, is at the Lick.
A. L. Brown, a business man of Los
Angeles, is at the St. Francis.
Dr. John Robertson and wife of
Livermore are at the California.
Rev. Daniel Goodwin and wife of
Rhode Island are at the St. Francis.
Hoyt Sherman, Utah Commissioner
to the St. Louis Exposition, Is at the
Palace.
PERSONAL.
OAKLAND, March 17. — Free vac
cination of public school children will
take place to-morrow, physicians hav
ing been detailed to each school for
the purpose. Only children will be
vaccinated that have written applica
tion from their parents.
Vaccinate School Children.
Miss Mae Et^el' Rouse of
Oakland Is Really Mrs.
"Johnny" More. ;
PRINCIPAL IN A RUNAWAY MAR
RIAGE. WHOSE SECRET HAS
JUST BECOME KNOWN.
Chairman John L. Howard of the
Council bond committte announced
that this decision had been reached.
The matter of voting $150,000 for a
Polytechnic High School will be sub
mitted to the people by tbe City Coun
cil, as this is purely a city matter,
while the call for $350,000 for school
bonds v.ill take in a district outside of
the city limit?, which, under the dis
trict plan, can be done and thus take
in a considerable extent of territory
outside of the city limits that will be
subject to the bond tax.
OAKLAND, March IT.— The City
Council has practically decided to re
vert to the original plan of the Board
of Education and submit the school
bond project to vote at an election
separate from that at which the civic
improvement bonds will be submitted.
City Council Decides to Accept Plau
Originally I»nt Forward by Board
of Induration.
WILL. SUBMIT SCHOOL
BOXDS SEPARATELY
Xews came tr> the university to-day of tha
d«-ath In a Redding mine of JC. M. Twist. \
sophomore stu'tnt. who took a leave of ab
sence last August to secure practice In tha
mine. The youns man's death waa caused by
a premature explosion of powder.
President Wheeler will address a body of
San Francisco business men on next Monday
at 12:15 o'clork at the Chamber of Commerce,
the meeting to be held under the auspices of
the Brotterhood of St. Andrew.
; BERKELEY. Man-h IT.— James B. Ange'.I.
| president of the University cf MIchtgan. ha»
j accepted President Wheeler's Invitation to d*--
I Hver the Charter (Jay a^'lress. President An
! gell U distinguished bet!-, as a scholar an<! *
i diplomat. He graduated from Brown Uni
j vprsity In 1S1D. served as a member of tfia
'¦ faculty cf Brown untiJ 1S«> and then b*e«rr.«
! editor of the Provi.i»nce Journal. L'pon Jvl*
! return to educational pursuits he "araa for Jom»
time connected with th* University of Michi
gan before twins called to the presidency of
that university, a position h<? has ever •lneo
occupied. Ills diplomatic carper Is marked by
! some Important achievements. The first at
i these occasions waa In the years 1VO and
j 1881, when, as Minister to China, he acted la
i the capacity of commissioner, negotiating
i trade treaties between the United States an*
! China. Afterward he served as a member of
r the Anfflo-Amerlran International Commission
j on Canadian li*htrle». In l.SJW he was chair
j man of th* Car.adian-Ameri.-an Commission
j on deep-water wars from the lakra to the
¦e-as. He served a term as Minister to Turkey.
President Ansr^ll will speak upon ¦¦Ten Tyy*
cf the State University. 1 ' Hla theme is de
rived from the fact that he Is the flrst presi
dent of a State Institution to address the Stat».
institution of California on Charter day. Tfc«
other exercises will consist of an assembly of
friends and irradustes et the university and a
procession past the various buildings. Tbis
Charter day will mark the forty-fourth anni
versary of the founding of the university and
the thirty- sixth year sjnee the preirnt charter
was granted.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
"There is a very noticeable washing
away of the north bank of the tidal
canal, close to the south wall of the
diverting ditch. As the bottom of the
ditch is much higher. than that of the
canal a break In the ditch is very apt
to occur and then the slickens of Sausal
Creek would enter directly into the
tidal canal and impair the value of that
waterway, on which the Government
expended so much money. I believe
that a mistake was made in construct
ing the diverting ditch so near to the
north bank of the tidal canal."
ALAMEDA, March 17.— With the con
tinuous rainfall and the consequent in
crease in the volume of water of Sausal
Creek that is carried from Fruitva!e
avenue in a diverting ditch running
close to the north side of the tidaL canal
and into San L»eandro Bay, there is a
danger that the retaining wall may
give way and permit its water anJ
slickers to empty directly into the tidal
canal. Should this happen the divert
ing ditch, which cost the United States
Government $55,000 to construct, would
be practically useless.
Sausal Creek originally emptied Into
the tidal canal near Fruitvale avenue.
In order to prevent the large channel
from becoming: filled with the debrl*
brought down by the stream a divert
ing ditch and wall was laid out along
the north side of the canal to San
Leandro Bay. So close is the diverting
ditch to the canal that in some places
but a few feet of earth Intervenes be
tween the north side of the big ditch
and tha south side of the small ditch.
Storm water and the action of the tides
through the tidal canal are gradually
undermining the diverting ditch and
engineers who have inspected the ex
isting conditions say that if some meas*
uies are not taken the water and debris
of Sausal Creek will In time make their
way into the tidal canaL In speaking
of the matter City Engineer W. R.
Poyser said:
several months.
Mrs. Barrie completed giving her
testimony to-day and has charged h«r
husband with railroading her to an
asylum, cruelty and immorality. So
far her most damaging statements are
uncorroborated. Her sister. Miss Mary
Herrick, took the stand to-day, but her
testimony was of a more general char
acter and while it was in favor of
Mrs. Barrie, she knew nothing of
Barrie's alleged shortcoming's.
Mrs. Eva Webster and Miss Balweg,
two nurses from the Livermore sani
tarium, have testified to the effect that
Mrs, Barrie was mentally unsound for
It is given out that an important
female witness in the Barrie divorce
suit has refused to answer a summons
and has left for parts unknown. It
is believed, however, that she is now
at North San Juan, in Nevada County.
According- to a statement made to the
court to-day by attorneys for Mrs.
Barrie, Mrs. W. E. Howell of 4 Hyde
street, San Francisco, and formerly
Miss Cas?ie Archer of North San Juan
is a material witness in their case and
has disappeared. They will take stejis
on Monday to have the court issue an
order for her appearance.
Mrs. Howeil, it Is said, was courted
by Barrie in 1899 while she was Miss
Archer, he representing to her that he
was a single man. Hince then she
has been married and is reluctant to
be connected with the case and has
said that she would leave the country
before- she would testify. She was
employed in a store at North San Juan
and did the purchasing for the firm
by which she was employed. Barrie,
as a traveling: salesman, came to know
her and it is said represented to her
that he was unmarried.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March 17.
Rather than to leave California and
make her home in the East Mrs. Lo
retta V. York toc-k her 10-months-old
child and left home Tuesday night, and
sent her husband, M. A. York, hurry
ing off to the police to recover his miss
ing wife and baby.
The Yorks resided at 2112 Adeline
street." The husband, who had rela
tives east of the Rocky Mountains, ar
ranged to go to them, believing he
could better his cc-ndition. York met
objections from his young: spouse, who
was strenuously opposed to the change.
She was Californian and was so loyal
to her native State that she would
not for a mc-ment consider the pro
posed change. It . was California or
nothing.
Then Mrs. York disappeared. The
husband's appeal to the police was
successful so far as locating the miss
ing wife was concerned, but York was
not willing to say whether he had con
vinced her that she should relent in her
decision not to go with him.
"You see, I am an Eastern man," ex
plained York, "and my wife is a Cali
fornian. My father wanted me to re
turn because I could better myself with
him. But I could not persuade ray
wife. When I began making prepara
tions to go my wife left me and I
thought she would not come back."
The police found Mrs. York and her
baby with friends.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 17.
There the controversy hung until
Jones hastened to Oakland yesterday
and caused Blessing's arrest. The case
was continued until Monday in the
Police Court.
Blessing's attorney insisted that
Jones' counsel, Johnson & Johnson of
San Francisco, had given orders that
he should not see the books.
Now comes Charles B. Blessing, for
mer manager of the ' Racycle bicycle
branch agency at 74 San Pablo avenue,
who is charge/i with embezzlement by
F. M. Jones of Sacramento, principal
California manager of the company,
and declares that he stands ready to
meet any obligation that Jones can
prove his former.employe owes.
While Jones insists that he- has been
mulcted to the tune of $1200 or so, Bless
ing appeared in the Police Court this
morning with his attorney, John W.
Gwilt, who made a statement to the
court touching his client's side of the
difficulty.
Gwilt declared that Blessing had not
been connected with the Racycle
agency for several months; that a dis-,
pute arose concerning the financial re
lations; that Blessing . claimed Jones
owed him; that Blessinjj would not
make any settlement- until the books
could be experted to decide what was
the fact.
"If the books show that Blessing
owes Jones we shall be ready to set
tle," said Gwilt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 17.
Makes Strong Allegations
Against Husband, Which
Are Yet to Be Corrobgrated
Dr. Selfridge is at present living with
his father, Dr. James M. Selfriuge, at
his home on East Fourteenth street, in
East Oakland, while Mrs. Selfridge has
taken uj> her xesidence in San Fran
cisco. Dr. SfJfrtdge was awarded the
custody of their child. Jeanette, S years
of age, with the understanding that
the mother should be allowed to see
her whenever she desired.
Dr. Clarence M. Selfridgv, a promi
nent physician of this city, was granted
an interlocutory decree of divorce to
day by Judge Ogden from Fannie E.
.Selfridse on the ground of desertion.
They were married eleven years afro,
but for a number of years their life
has l>cen an unhappy, one. Incompati
bility it is said is the real cause of the
separation. For some time past Mrs.
Selfridge has been spending months
away from her home visiting friends,
and a year ago she went away and did
not return.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. March 17.'
After Eleven Years of 3Iar
ried Life Law's Process
Severs the 31arital Tie
Slickens Would Then Enter
Big Tidal Waterway and
in Time Impair Channel
Attorney Makes Statement
Concerning Embezzlement
Charge Against Blessing
Mrs. Loretta York Strenu
ously Opposes Plan to
Change Family Residence
j Brought to Alarueda OTCr Forty
Years Ago, Old Hulk Comes to
Surface Once 3Iorc.
ALAMEDA, March 17.— While tra
> versing the beach on the south side,
i near Sherman street. yesterday,
j Nicholas Vaccarraz came upon the
: hulk of an old whaler. that had been
: buried in the sands since 1862. The
ancient craft was purchased by Alex
| anJer Lopez during the Civil War and
! dismantled near where its bones noisr
j are.
j The action of the tides and sand ha&
I Jong ago buried the hulk, but the gala
• that blew recently caused a chance la
f the channel and partly uncovered the
I remains of the whaler. Vacarrazza re-»
j covered a number of blocks and othetf
• metal fixtures from the wreck.
STOKM UNCOVERS BOXES
OF LONG-BURIED VESSEL
in: PROVES DESERTION
BREAK IS APT TO OCCUR
STANDS READY TO PAY
WIFE FINISHES STOUT
Sau sal Creek Overflows, En
dangering South Bank of
a Costly Diverting Ditch
Charge Made That Woman
Important to Barrie Di
vorce Suit Has Disappeared
Wants the Proof of Debt
Accused Manager of -Bicycle
Agency Declares That He
HUSBAND CALLS POLICE
Wife Takes Baby and Disap
pears, After Befusing to
Leave the Golden State
Oakland Physician Granted
' a Decree and Custody
of Nine- Year -Old Child
SAYS WITNESS
IS IN HIDING
DR. SELFRIDGE
GIVEN DIVORCE
DEMANDS THAT
BOOKS DECIDE
FLOOD WEAKENS
SIDE OF CANAL
SPOUSE WOULD
NOT GO EAST
WEDDING KEPT
A SECRET FOR
SIXTEEN MONTHS
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, FRIDAY, -MARCH 18, 1004.
6
;>f'^ " ' ADVERTISEMENTS.*
- indescribable fear, for
- ~. child-birth. The thought
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
,of all pleasant anticipations cf the coming event, and casts ov.er her a
¦rhadov.- of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have, found that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy rob*
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safetv to life of mother
nnd child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to* all women at the
*:me of their most critical trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry- women safely through the perils of child-birth, bat its use
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents "morning
sickness," and, other dis- ; -
$i.oo per bottle. Book * . r "" B
containing valuable information free. £t? m E!Hfo jfJiS?" MiS HF^
The Brarffiefd Regulator Co.. Atlanta. 6a. £f° mWJJS^^W JLtS
1135 Park Street-
Telephone Eagle 5O2.
SI4S Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3. '¦
BERKELEY. j
BEAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CAXL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.Heat - that , damp room with a gas
heater from S. F. Gas and Electric Co..
415 Post. •
The sixth lecture of the annual
Lane lecture course will be delivered
at the Cooper Medical College this
evening. Dr. George . B. Somers, a
member of the college faculty, will
speak about "The Trained/Nurse."
Will Talk on "Trained Nurse."
City Attorney Long yesterday advised
the Board of Supervisors that the east
ern half of Illinois street, from Six
teenth to Enghteenth, occupied by the
Union Oil Company, Is under the Ju
risdiction of the State Board of Har
bor Commissioners. Long refers to sec
tion 2524 of the Political Code, which
gives control of certain streets adjacent
to the bay of San Francisco to the
commission.'
Harbor Board Has Jurisdiction.
Turner died, leaving an estate worth
nearly $500,000. Petitions for letters of
administration were filed by Edward
TV. Putnam, Public Administrator W.
J. Stockton of Merced County and Eliz
abeth Turner and Thomas Turner,
widow and son, respectively, of the de
ceased.
The Judge of the Superior Court
granted the letters to Mrs. Turner, The
Regents appealed for the purpose of
making sure that the appointment waa
legal. There was no animus in the
matter.
The State University is the beneficiary
of Turner's will to the extent of $50,000.
The property consists almost entirely
of real estate in Merced County.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Elizabeth Turner had been prop
erly appointed administratrix of the
estate of her deceased husband, W. C.
Turner, by the Superior Court of Mer
ced County. The appointment was con
tested by the Regents of the University
of California.
Administratrix of Estate.
Supreme Court Declares Elizabeth
Turner Was Properly Appointed
SAYS ACTION OF LOWER
TRIBUNAL WAS LEGAL
Richard Travers. 110 Second* ave
nue, Richmond district, secured a
warrant from Police Judge Mogan
yesterday for the arrest of Fred Hel
bush, a special officer, and his brother,
John Helbush, on a charge of dis
charging firearms within the city lim
its. Travers and Helbush are . neigh
bors and Travers alleges that Helbush
and his brother are in the habit of
maliciously firing through the wooden
wall of the cellar and terroizing him
and his family. Special Officer Hel
bush was arrested and released on $20
cash bail •:," . . .
Special Officer Jailed.
RAX RAFAEU March 17.— Maria Ccuntj
Eui«rvl8or« will build an addition to ths
Courthouse at a cost of $50,000. Th# addition
wilt be a hall of records and Jail. Plans have
been submitted and construction will begin
rhortly.
A bill of considerable interest to
business men of the Pacific Coast is
now pending before Congress, remov
ing the restriction of the coinage of
nickels and bronze coins to the Phila
delphia Mint. The bill has passed the
Senate and has been favorably report
ed by the House committee, which
practically assures Irs passage.
This will permit the coinage of
nickels and bronze coins at the San
Francisco Mint and thus prove a con
venience to the business public of this
coast in securing these minor coins In
such quantities and at such times as
may be desired. Superintendent
Frank A. Leach states that this coin
age will not cause any great addition
to the working force of the Mint.
A statement prepared by Thomas
Burns, cashier of the sub-treasury
here, shows a wonderful increase in
the circulation of these minor coins
on this coast within the last seven
years. In 189 7 the assistant treasurer,
paid to the public $36,165 in nickels
and $4522 in pennies. During 1903
these . -amounts ! were increased to
$110,400 in nickels and $15,765 in pen
nies, showing an increase in the cir
culation of these coins of nearly 400
per cent. In addition several thousand
dollars' worth of these coins are an
nually shipped to Manila.
Bill Before Congress Provides for
Coinage of Nickels and Pennies
at All Mints.
REMARKABLE INCREASE
IX USE OF SMALL COINS
premises."
Dr. Dudley Tait, secretary of th<*
State Board of Medical Examiners,
swore to a complaint before Judge
Ctrlan yesterday charging Sjoerd
Hcfkstra with practicing medicine
without having the necessary certifl-
Alleges He Has No Certificate.
Mary L. Gibbon sued the city yes
terday for $2000 damages for injuries
she alleges her property on Pine
street, near Taylor, sustained through
a grading contract let by the munic
ipality. She charges that the con
tractors destroyed the value of her
realty by cutting below the official
grade.
Charges Faulty Grading.
The bride, who is a beautiful girl
and possessed of a striking personality,
was exquisitely gowned in a robe of
white point d'esprit and carried a
shower bouquet of Bride roses and
maidenhair. She was attended by the
sister of Mr. Sheldon and Mrs. Hanlon
as matron of honor, while the groom
was served by his brother, Frank P.
Sheldon. >,
The home of the bride was made
radiant by a glad gathering of forest
foliage and white spring blossoms.
These were banked with fine effect in
the bay window, where the happy pair
were made one. <
Mr. Sheldon has recently purchased
a beautiful home for his bride on the
comer cf Clay and Locust streets,
where they will set up their household
gods on their return from their post
nuptial trip.
Mr. Sheldon is a member of a large
mercantile concern in this city, and is
exceptionally popular in club circles.
It is whispered abroad that the Press
Club will sadly miss a clever raconteur
A wedding of great interest took
place last night, when Miss Florence
Mayer became the bride of Joseph A.
Sheldon. The affair was quietly cele
brated at the Eddy-street home of the
bride's mother. Rev. Bradford Leavitt
of the Unitarian Church performing the
ceremony.
And he who will go down in his
jeans for 50 cents may meet on peace
ful grounds the famous fighters of our
country — 50 cents for to-day and to
night, and to-morrow a special rate for
children— all of which goes for the com
fort and care of wandering friends of
our firesides. Miss Maud Smith, the
president of the Animals' Refuge, will
be assisted in receiving by a large num
ber of charming maidens, all gowned
in the style of "Laughing Water."
This afternoon and to-night the In
dian tea takes place at the home of
Mrs. George Law Smith, 2226 Jackson
street, for the benefit of the Animals*
Refuge.
Every departed redskin ever known
to fame will wander forth from the
"happy hunting ground," caparisoned
in war bonnet and beaded buckskin, to
dance and croon and do his tribal
stunts — all. for the care of the dogs he
loves — aye, far more than he does his
wife.
Miss Mabel Sweet and Dr. Julius
Baer, whose engagement was recently
announced, will be at home on Sunday,
March 20, and Friday, March 25, at 2764
Pine street.
• • •
from his accustomed haunts — as
matrimony is popularly supposed to
sever the club ties. Sometimes it does
—and sometimes it doesn't.
By SaUy Sharp.
YOUNG WOMAN" DISTINGUISHED FOR HER CHARMING PERSONALITY WHO
BECAME THE BRIDE, LAST NIGHT. OF A WELL, KNOWN BUSINESS
MAJ.\ WHO IS ALSO VERY POPULAR IN CliVB CIRCLES.
Petitions in insolvency were filed in
the United States District Court yes
terday as follows: S. Shriner, farmer,
Marysville, liabilities $1420, no assets;
Elbert W. Horton, carpenter, Moun
tain View, liabilities $665, no assets.
In the matter of T. J. Weldon, as
trustee of the estate of Joseph Watteh
burger, bankrupt, vs. A. T. Rlffe and
the^Covelo Mercantile Company and
others,- Judge de Haven made an order
of which the following is a synopsis:
"It is ordered that the defendant, A.
T. Riffe, be restrained from transfer
ring the / forty shares of the stock of
the Covelo Mercantile Company, and
Con H. Goldberg is restrained from
paying over to Riffe any dividend upon
the said stock. The defendants are also
ordered to appear in'court on. March 28,
at 11 a. m., and show cause why they
should not be further enjoined in the
IT. S. District Judge de Haven Issues
an Order Restraining: A. T. Riffe
From Transf erring Stock.
FARMER AND CARPENTER
GO INTO BANKRUPTCY
Two severe contingencies would seem
to threaten the representatives of at
least one-third of the entire number
of California counties ! that will have
exhibits at the St. Louis Exposition.
They may either be compelled to walk
when they go on to install the county
specimens or to pay the full rate of
fare to St. Louis. That at least is
the situation as it stands to-day. To
morrow evening Commissioner Filcher
will depart for St. Louis, unless some
thing happens to prevent. After he
goes there •will be no one remaining
in California to certify to the trans
continental railway people in behalf of
the county representatives who wish to
go to St. Louis on official business in
connection with exhibits.
"It isn't my fault," said Commissioner
Filcher yesterday afternoon. "I have
written repeatedly to the county com
mittees having in charge the prepar
ing of county displays for St. Louis.
Many of the committees ' have been
dilatory. In a recent letter sent out
from the office of the California com
mission notice was given that the 15th
of March would be the final date for
making application for transportation
at a reduced rate, for it was supposed
that the headquarters would be cloSed
by the 15th.
"There is only one more full day
now for any one to apply for a certifi
cate before we close up here. Then it
will be necessary for the counties that
still delay to send on to St. Louis and
the going and coming of the necessary
letters will take up ten days of time,
and there is no time to lose now.
"Perhaps the belated counties will
take advantage of to-day to make their
applications/ If they fail the situation
is as described; their representatives
will be either compelled to pay full
fare, walk to St. Louis or waste much
valuable time waiting for the mails,
while the exposition is hastening to its
opening day."
Yesterday Avery telegraphed ahead
to this city to C. Lacy Goodrich, for
mer purser of the steamship America
Maru, who had been staying at the
Palace Hotel, to immediately prepare
for a trip to Japan, and, following these
instructions. Goodrich went up the
road yesterday to meet Avery and last
evening the purser started for Seattle,
where he will catch the steamer sail
ing Monday. Avery accompanied Good
rich as far as Sacramento for the pur
pose of instructing him In the purposes
of his mission. According to a report
circulated last evening, Avery, who has
unlimited authority to act for his com
pany, has already secured one steam
ship in the Orient and has dispatched
Goodrich to the other side to arrange
for bringing the vessel over to this
port. The only statement that Avery
would make in connection with this
story was that his company is pre
paring to resume business between San
Francisco and the Orient and that it
would probably have its first new
steamship here within the next forty
days. The company will continue to
operate its vessels in conjunction with
those of the 'Pacific Mail under an old
agreement, which has been extended.
William H. Avery, general agent of
the Toyo Kisen Kaisha Steamship
Company and who has been in the
East several months,' returned yester
day, but departed on the' Oregon train
for Sacramento. Avery's return, to San
Francisco has been anxiously awaited
by many who are interested in the fu
ture of the Toyo Kisen Kaisha Steam
ship Company, whose^ vessels. were re
cently appropriated by the Japanese
Government for service in its trans
port fleet. It was reported recently
from the East that the company was
negotiating with the White Star line
for the purchase of several vessels to
take the places of the America Maru,
Nipon Maru and the Hongkong Maru
on the runs between this port and the
Orient. It was admitted by Avery that
the company expects to soon have an
other fleet tff steamships operating be
tween here and the Orient, but he de
nied that the vessels would come from
the White Star line, although intimat
ing that the company had obtained
options on a number of good boats on
the Atlantic and one or two In Oriental
waters.
Among the officers who paid respects
to General MacArthur yesterday were
Captain S. L. H. Slocum, Captain L. P.
Williamson, First Lieutenant A. B.
Cox and Second Lieutenant L. E. Davis
of the Eighth Cavalry, who came out
from Jefferson Barracks, near St.
Louis, with recruits destined for the
Philippines.
The Philippine scouts will remain at
the Presidio till further notice, as news
came to-day from St. Louis that their
camp on the exposition grounds was
not yet ready.
The following officers have been up
rolnted to go to Manila on the Logn.n,
K2il5n?r April 1 in command of 250 re
cruits: First Lieutenant A. Mclntyre.
First Lieutenant J. G. Langdon, Second
Lieutenant Joseph B. Kuznik and Sec
ond Lieutenant C. B. Hathaway. Major
H. EL Benham will be in command.
The companies of the Eleventh In
fantry, Captain Albert L. Myer. which
returned on the Thomas and are now
in the model camp at the Presidio, will
start for their respective posts on Men
day with the exception of two com
panies. T*vo battalions, headquarter 3
end band will go to Fort D. A. Ruscell
vvyorr.ing, one company will go to
Washaie. one company to Xiobran,
Nirbr. The remaining two companies
wl'l eventually be sent to Fort Mac
kenzie.
i-r.d their leader, who is a Gerrrusn
rrui.*ic Jan. has them under fine control.
Major F. de L. Carrington, com
mander of the Philippine scouts, has
d°^ided to give afternoon drills between
the hours 0/ 3 and 4. weather per
mitting. This arrangement is made so
thai the people from town may have
an opportunity to see what the scouts
can do in the way of military drilL
Their delightful band will add to the
occasion with selections of music, in
cluding airs from their own country.
The band is really a very smart artair
of next month and Mrs. Bi^elow and
the children will remain in San Fran
cisco, where the latter are attending
school.
ulary, who £0 to the exposition, also
£$6 men of the Eleventh Cavalry. 52
tick, 54 prisoners and 4 insane.
Although no official orders have been
issued by General MacArthur regard
ing what post Lieutenant Colonel E.
A. Goodwin, Xinth Cavalry, shall be
assigned, it is expected that he will be
placed in vharge of the third squadron,
row stationed at the Presiaio. This,
of course, will relieve Major John Bige
low Jr.. and in all probability he will be
assigned to duty at the post he has
just left. Ord Barracks. This will work
more or less of a hardship on Major
Bigelow as he has only just got settled
with his family at the Presidio. He
will leave the post before the middle
The transport Sherman, which sailed
from the Philippines on March 15,
brings the largest band in the islands.
It Is known as the constabulary band
and is composed of seventy of the finest
Filipino musicians, who are said to
have been drilled to a wonderful de
gree of perfection. Besides their own
selections they play the highest class
German, French, Italian and American
music. Those who have heard them
play in Manila accord the native mu
ficians the hiphest praise and state
that they render Sousa's marches with
a snap and brilliancy that will make
that composer look to his laurels when
they play his music at the St. Louis
Exposition. Besides the band the Sher
man bringrs a full battalion of constab-
"You axe complimented upon making
the best record In the army for ac
curacy arid rapidity of fire with the
heavy caliber guns. Both those mount
ed on disappearing or non-disappearing
carriages."
Captain Cloke had already achieved
a fine record as a tactician. He is
ordnance officer and also instructor in
schools for commissioned officers.
Captain Harold E. Cloke, Sixty-first
Company, Coast Artillery, stationed at
Fort Baker, has been highly praised by
General John P. Story, chief of artil
lery. United States army. His com
munication from Washington ad
dressed to Captain Cloke reads as fol
lows:
Purser C. Lacey Goodrich Is
Dispatched on a Hurried
Mission Across the Pacific
Splendid Band, Organized by
Philippine Constabulary,
Will Soon Be Heard Here
Chances Are That Mails Will
Soon Carry Applications
for Many Low-Rate Tickets
MELODY FROM MANILA
DELAY IS CENSURED
COMPANY WILL RESUME
Full Fare or Walking to St.
Louis ConfrontsThoseWho
Are to Travel Officially
W. H. A very of the Japanese
Line Returns From East
and Sends Man to Orient
Captain H. E. Cloke Compli
mented by Chief for Best
Record With Heavy Guns
Wedding of a Beautiful Young Woman and
Clever Clubman Who Is Prominent in
Mercantile Circles Arouses Much Interest
MAKES A DEAL
FOR STEAMERS
SLOW COUNTIES
STRIKE A SNAG
YODNG OFFICER
WINS PRAISE
MISS FLORENCE MAYER BECOMES
THE WIFE OF JOSEPH A. SHELDON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1904.
7
ADVEBTISEUEirrS.
Women
TTho have the care of children, and
household duties, find the drain upon
their vitality so great tbat they very
often become nervous wrecks. This loss
of vitality causes headache, backache,
Rleep'essnefs. irritability, anxiety, etc..
nrd frequently results in various forms
<jf female weakness.
When you feel tired and worn out, take
Dr. Miles'
Restorative Nervine
Which acts directly upon the nerves, re-
freshing and strengthening them. It is
h ncrxf food and tonic, which soothes
and relieves the tension of the tired
nerves, and brings rest and refreshing
fieep. •
"Yotir remedies'" saved my life. They
are all you claim them to be. I am now
in very pood health for a woman 72 years
<>Id. thanks to your remedies. When I
feel nervous or don't feel well. I take a
few doses of Dr. Miles' Nervine and it
sets me right"— CATHERINE LAGLE,
Lcando, Iowa.
Sold on a guarantee that If first bottle
fails to benefit, your money back.
Schools and Colleyes*
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEFT. 24 Pott kt.. San Francisco. CaL
Eatabliehed 40 years. Open entire year.
Write for Illustrated catalogue (fre«>.
ADVEBTISEJEENTS.
TOOK A STRAW VOTE.
Interesting Experiment In a Restau-
rant.
An advertising; agent, representing a
prominent New York magazine, while
; on a recent "VVestern trip, was dining
j one evening in a Plttsburg restaurant.
While waiting for his order he*
glanced over his newspapen^and no-
1 ticed the advertisement of a well-
: known dyspepsia preparation, Stuart's
1 Dyspepsia Tablets. As he himself was
a regular user of the tablets, he began
j speculating as to how many of the
! other traveling men in the dining-
room were also friends of the popular
remedy for indigestion.
He says: I 'counted twenty-three
men at the tables, and In the hotel of-
fice I took the trouble to interview
them and was surprised to learn that
nine of the twenty-three made a prac-
: tice of taking one or two of Stuart's
I Dyspepsia Tablets after each meal.
One of them told me he had suf-
i fered so much from stomach trouble
that at one time he had been obliged
to quit the road, but since using
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets had been
' entirely free from Indigestion, but he ,
I continued their use, especially while
traveling, on account of IrregularUy
of meals and because, like all travel-
Ing men, he was often obliged to eat
what he could get and not always
what he wanted.
Another, who looked the picture of
health, said he never ate a meal with-
out taking a Stuart Tablet afterward
because he could eat what he pleased
and when he pleased without fear of
a sleepless night or any other trouble.
_. Still another used them because he
was subject to gas on stomach, caus-
ing pressure on heart and lungs,
shortness of breath and distress in
chest, which he no longer experienced
since using the tablets regularly.
Another claimed that Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets was the only safe
remedy he has ever found for sour
stomach and acidity. He had former-
ly used common soda to relieve the
trouble, but the tablets were much
better and safer to use.
After smoking, drinking or other
excesses which weaken the digestive
organs, nothing restores the stomach
to a healthy, wholesome condition so
effectually is Stuart's Tablets.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contain
the natural digestives, pepsin, dias-
tase, which every weak stomach lacks,
as well as nux, hydrastin an'd yellow
parilla. and can be safely relied on as
a radical cure for every form of poor
digestion. Sold by druggists every-
where.
SAJLWAY TBAVZK "/^
l"j BjoVrM i .1 da« to »rrlT« •«
I Vc>\j^i^y^y saw ibas Cisco.
\^I *-• 1 y CMsia Lias. Terry 9^«i
>Q* l>^ Toot ft Market Street.)
Ls*ti — r»oa fi»»CAiT 17. 1?04. — Aairri^
" 7-OOa Vseariue. Wlater*. Hunter-. ..... 7-53r~
7-OQa Be&lcla, Sa'.iaa. Elralrs and 8tcr»-
meato 7.2tr
7-30* Tsllejo, Kip*. Callsteca, Saata
Rasa. MarWaas. Ssa Hanoi t-29r
7-S0a Sties.- Urermare. Tracy. L»ttirox
8t«ck:oa 7.20-*
840a Shasta Express— (Via Darlt),
wmiuai (lor Bartlett Fprfaet).
irniowt, trnto. - Red Blut.
PorUind. Tieomv Seattle 7-BQr
1.60a Dans.'vroodlaad.KBlg&uLaadtBK.
UarriTine, OroflUe 7X0r
• ¦50a Port Costa. Martlaes. Aatloeh.
Byroa. Tracy. Stoc*:«n. Se»-
man. Los B»«o». Usadota.
Annoaa. Haaford. Tl sails.
Pmerriiie 438r
B.M a rert Cotta. Martinez. Tracy. Lai*
rop. Modesto, Merced. Frena,
Qot&ea Junction, flanfar*.
Vlaalta. Bakenfleld 4JtP
I4fl< Sties, Baa Jote. LJrennore. Stock- -
ton. (tMfltaa), looe. SacraaeaM,
Placerrllle. MarytrUla. Cole*.
Ked Bluff 4.20P
1.53a Oakdala. Cklaes*. Jamestown. So-
nora, Taolnmne and Angels 44tr
• 00* AtlaaUo Express— OgdeatadE«tc. 11.20 »
930* Biehmond, Martliex tad Way
Stations |.&0f
1000* Tbe Orerland Limited — Ortea.
Denyer. Omaha, C&tcag*. 8 20*
1000a Yallejo.. 12.29*
10. 00a Lo» Ancles Pasaencer — Port
. Costa. Uartlnez. Byroa. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stock ton. Mere«d.
Raymond. Fresno, Gothen Junc-
tion. Haaford. Lenioore. TlsaUa,
Bakenfleld. Lot Angeles 7-23*
12 00» Hsy ward. NHei and Way Station*. 3.20*
tl.CO Sscrtmento River Steamers tll.flar
i-iOr Benlcta, Wlatars. Sacraaiento.
Woodland. Kalghts Laadlag.
XarysTUie. OroTllle and way
• cation .*..... 19-50*
5 30* Hayward.NnesaadWay Staftoaa.. 7-&0r
S.SQr Part Costa. IlarUaes. Byroa.
Tracy. Latarop, Modesto.
Mercisd. Pretao aad Way Sta>
Uoai beyond Port Cotta 12 20*
S-SOr MartIa-i.Tricf.8tocictoi.La41... 11204
4 OOr M»rUaei.3»nr.«raon,V»!!eJo.N*?a.
Callstoga, Saata Bosa t 20*
4 OOr Klles. Tracy. Stocktoa. Lodl 4.20-
430r Bsyward. Nile*. Irrtagtoa. Saa I ?«.50»
Joso. LtTsrsaoro ) tl 1.50 »
f .00' The Owl Limited— Hawaii, Los
B »ao». Mendota. rretno. Talara.
Bakars&eld. Los Angeles.
Ooldea Sute Limited STeeser, •
Oakland to Los Aagelet, far CM-
eago, Tla C. B. L * P. 153*
8 03r Port Costa. Tracy. Stoektoa 12.20*
t530r Hayward. Klles and Saa Joso..... 7. 20*
§-66r Hay ward. Ntlet aad 6aa Jose....... ».S>a*
5 OOr Eastern Exprn»— O*%tv>. Dearer.
I Omaha. St. Lonta. cttlcuo aad
East. Port Coata. Bealcia. SuJ-
• an. Elmtra. Darls. Sacraaiento.
Roeklla, Auburn, Colfax.
Trnckee. Boca, Re so. Wads,
worth. Wlanentocca 1.29F
• .OOr Vallelo, dally, except Bandar.... ( , Kn ,
7«B> YelJejo. Snaday only f 7 "°*
7C0r Klchmond. Baa Pablo. Port Costa.
Marttnes and Way Statloas 11.23a
8 OSr Orecoa * California Bxvreis — 9ao-
raatento, MarytTlUe. Redding;
Portland. Page t Soand and Bait. 8-59*
. 1.1 Or Bsy ward, Klles aad Saa Jote (Sva>
dayoaly) ..~... . 11-814
COAST LINE Harrow Vaage).
, (Foot ot Market Street.)
8.16a Newark. Coaterrtlle. Saa Jooe,
Felton. Botilder Creek. Saata -
Cms aad Way 8t »«<>¦» i-35*
tx.ilr Kewark. Centervtlle. Saa Jos*.
New Almadea.JLos Qato*.Tettoa,
Boulder Creek, Sanu Cm* aad
Principal W»y Stations f10 5S*
d.iSf Newark. BaaJoae. LotOatoe aad j tt.SS A
_ __ way stations J MO B5*
•B-SQr Hnaters Trafa. Saturday only. Saa
Joso and Way Stattona. Retora-
la i from Los Oatos Sunday only. £7 2S*>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Prom BAN r RAN CISCO. Foot ot Market St. (9«»U
-fi:13 »:Q0 11:00a.m. 100 5 00 BISr.K.
From OA KL AND. Toot of Broadway — t5:u) (8:88
t8:0S 10:00 a.m. 12.00 200 4 00 r m.
COAST LI N t (Broad Uaago).
Ea*~ (Third and Towasend Streets.)
••10a Saa Joae aad Way Statloae.. ....... U>
700* Saa Jose and Way Stations..... ... 6 Sir
8 00a Kew Almaden <Tuet, Frld_ only), 4.18*
4 00* The Coaster— Stops only San Jose,
Gllroy (connection for Hollla>
ter). Pajvo. CastrortHe (con-
nection to sad from Monterey
aad Pacific Brave), Satlnas. 8aa
Ardo. Paso Roblea. Santa Mar-
garita. Saa Lola Obfspo, prinetpal
stations thence Surf (connectto* . ' '
for Lotnpoc). principal stations
thence Santa Barbara,San Baena>
venture* Bangui. Los Angeles... 1B-4SP
•.CO* las Jose, Tres Plaos. Capftola,
DantaCrnZjPaetfic Grote.Ssllnaa,
Saa Lois ObUpo aad Principal
Way Stations «-18r
10.39a Saa Jose and Way Stations. 1.29V
11 -SO* Santa Clara. Ssa Jose, Los Gatoe '¦¦
aad Way Statioao 7.30*
1 Z9* San Jose aad Way Stations 8 JSa
• ¦OOr Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
Saa Jose, Del Monte, Moaterey.
Paeiae Orore (eonneeu at Saata
Clara for Saata Crux. Boalder
Creek aad Narrow Geage Points)
st Gllroy for Honister. Tn»
Plaos. at CastrorUle for 3a!ln*». 1 1.15*
S-SO? Tres Plaos Way Passenger.....—.. 10-49*.
4-M? Baa Jose aad way Stations t8.C0*
tSOOi* 8 as Jote. (rta Santa Clara) Los
Gatoi. aad Prtaelpa! Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) tt.M*
ib JOr San Jose aad Principal Way Stations « 43*
S.COr- anaset Limited.— Redwood. Saa
Jo«e.OHroy,Saltnas.PaooKoblea>
Baa Luis Oblspo. Saata Barbara,
Los Angeles, PemlBg. Kl Pmo.
Kew Orleans. Kew fork. Con-
aects at Pajaro for Saata Cnu
vad at Castrorill* for Paclfla
Grore and Way Stations........ 7.10*
rS-1s> 6aaMateo.BeresforeVBelnioat.Ss«
Carlos. Redwood. Pair Oaka.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto « tf-48*
8-33r Saa Jote and Way Stations..... .... 8 33*
800» Palo Alto and Way Stations. ...... 10-15*
11.30* oouthSanTrenelaeo,MiUbrae,Bn*»
llagame. Saa Mateo. Belmcat,
Ban Carlos. Redwood, Pair Oaks,
Mealo Park, aad Palo Alto ... 8 44*
«11J«r Mayflold. Monatata View. Saany-
Tile, Lawreaeo. Saata Clara and
San Joso ttw4|a»
? for Morning*. P for Afterneam. "*
1 Baaday exeepted. t Sunday only
« Satarday only.
• Slope at all stattoas oa Snaday.
VT Oofy tralas • topplmt at Valeacia St. « ovtabo*-*
ar«6:10 ix,7:«»JI, 11:30a -X..S:30*mi. *:S0r.«.«u*<
StSBVJt
CALIFORKU NOBTHWESTEBN 8Y. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANtf NOBTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COKPAirr. -
TfbnroTi JPerry, root of Market Street.
SAN FSANCISCO TO BAIT KATAZXm
WEEK DATS— 7:301 9:00. ll:0O a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trr»
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 aad 11:30 p. ca,
SUN DATS— S:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30. 6:00. 8:2a 11:30 p. m.
SAW 5ATAEL TO SAW rXA2TC28CO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:33. 7:50. 9:20. U:15
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 9:00, S:20 p. m.
Eaturdays — Extra trip at 2:0S and 8:S3 p. m.
SUXDATS— S:0O. 8:40, 11:15 a, m.; 1:40,
8:40. 4:55. 5:06. 6:23 p. ra.
L««.»e I la BSect I Arrlre
Ban Franclsco-I Sept. 27. 1903. |Saa Fraaclsco.
Week I Sua- I Dettlna- I Sen. I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. [days. | Days.
~7l30a 8:6dal 9lio~a~~sT4OaT
9 :30 a) Ignacto 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p- 3:30 p[ 8:03 pj «:2« 9
o:l»p 6:00 pi 7:33 p
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a.
8:00 a Norato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 8:30 a Petaluma 6:06 p 6:20 a
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:39 p
9:00 p Santa Rosa. •-.''
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p <:2Oa>
3:30 p 3:30p
¦Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdtburr. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 3:30 p Ceyservllle. 7:S3p 6:2*9
- Cloverdale.
7:30 a 8:00 a 'Hopland 10:40 a 10:30 a
3:30 p 8:30 p aad Uklah. 7:33 p « :2O 9
~T:3Oa| 9:0O«l WUUta. | 7:33 p| 6:2O p
7:80 at 8:0Oa| 110:40 a!10:2O a
3:3Op| 3:3Op| Gaernevme. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p>
7:30 al 8:00 al 8onotna, 1 0:10 a! 8:*0a
5:10 p| 6:00 p( Glen Ellen. [ 6:05 p[ 6:20 g
7:30 al 8:00 at , - |10:4Oall0:2i} a
3:3Op{3:S0p| Scbastopoi. ) 7:33 p| 0:20 9
STAGES connect at Green Hra« for Saa
Quentln: at Santa Rosa, for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurta and Mark West
Sprlngi ; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
tcrviUe for Skarro Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
¦ KelseyvlUe. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Hay. Lake'
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratosa Springs. Bluo Lakes. Laurel
-D«U Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
Pot ter. Valley. John Days. Riverside. IJerly*.
Buckneils. Sanhedrtn .Heights. Hullvllle. Orr s
Hot Springs, Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Braxz.
Westport. Usal:. at Wtlllta for. Fort Bragg.
1 Westport. ' Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
villo. Cummlr.cs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
. ten's. Dyer. ; Garbervllle. Pepper* ood. Scot!*
I and Eureka.
I Saturday to Sunday round-trlp> tickets at re-
duced rates.
On. Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*." 630 Market street. CoronicJ*
building. - .
1 . H. C. WHTTtNO. , R. X. RTAX.
1 Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Aft,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FRIDA^&SARJRIM
Are the last days of our Annual Clearance Sale. Remarkable
redactions in Furniture for Hall, Library, Parlor, Dining-Room,
Bedroom; also Lace Curtains, Draperies, Oriental and Domestic
Rugs. Lim'ted space permits us to cite but a few examples:
OAK or FLEMISH HALL CHESTS tfv\ /\a
$20.00 ; reduced to ¦pV.UU
POLISHED OAK HALL SEAT CIH HH
$16.00 ; reduced to 4> IU.UU
PARLOR ARM CHAIR— Mahog-
any ; upholstered in Figured tf 99 aa
Velours. .$30.00; reduced to *p£^w
MAHOGANY SIDEBOARD-Mir-
ror back, top A l A feet long tf*t,A a/v
mi $60.00 ; reduced to 4>W.UU
CHIPPENDALE LIBRARY TA-
BLE— Mahogany ; 3^ by 7
feet ; 5 large drawers on each tf*QA nn
side $125.00; reduced to 4>OU.UU
THREE-PIECE DINING-ROOM
SET- Extension Table, ;
Sideboard and China Cab-
inet ; English design ; dain-
W ™l? K -- -¦¦¦"•¦:¦ '$100.00
. ;>. . . . $150.00 ; reduced to -. (3 Plece^
CELEBRATED NAIRNS .;
INLAID LINOLEUMS. tf« -j a- square
Extra heavy. .... .... ••JH--O yard, laid
Special price purchases may be left to suit buyer's
convenience, but cannot be exchanged or returned.
SLOANES
114122 POST STREET
! and
Developing
At Cut Prices.
Send me a trial order NOW. If you try
my work once you'll continue to be my
patron. Mr work Is high clase. my equip-
ment Is perfect, and I get it out promptly.
My prices are the lowest on the coast.
Here are a few flcures:
DEVELOPING:
noil of six. 10c; roll of twelve, 15c
PRINTING:
Solio finish. 3c to Be; velox finish. 3c to 8c
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS In aU
the popular sizes at my usual low prices.
Mall Order* Filled Promptly.
THAT MAN PITT
F. W. PITTS, Ths Stationer.
1008 MABKET ST.. Abora Powell.
San Francisco. Cal.
\AI. X. HESS.
Notary Public and Attorn ey-at-lAw.
Tenth I !uor. Koorn 1O1&, Claus Spreckels bid*.
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 1802 McAllister at.
Residence Telephone Pare ffrtl.
BALLWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 9:3O a. m., throurb la 3 dajs,
with diner and all trauDinrs.
Other Saata Pa Tralai:
oifn !S"1 for Stockton. Fresao. BaiersSeld
8:00 p.' m.' J Me «ed, Hanford and VUalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton. " &*••¦''**
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OPPICES— 641 Market St. and
. Perry Depot. S. 7. Also 1112 Broad-
• way. Oakland. CaL 27 Sontn Tint St,
- San Josa.
¦" " ~ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge l£lectnc—
Depart from San Francisco Daily 7:00. 0:00.
0:00. 10:00. ll:0o a. m.. 12:20. 1:45, 3:15. 4:15.
6:13. 6:15. 7:00. 8:43. 10:20. 11:43 p. ra.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. S:25. «:35. 7:40. 8:33. 9:35. 11:03 a.
m.. 12:J0. 1:45. 2:53. 3:43, 4:43. B:43. «:43.
8:45, 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dai!y. 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:03. 5:05. 8:03.
7:05. 8:00. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way statloas.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday «xcepted>—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way atatlona.
TICKET OFFICE— €28 Market at.
FERRY— T'nlon Depot, f^rt of Market St.
IV.T. T am alpais Railway
J Le»m~ rk SiBsjlik) tarj I Arrive ¦
a*JiPrancbcw hrtillufcstsV S*nFr»nd»c»
Week Son* tarn Su- IWeeT
Dar». dayi days Days.
«itni*s:ooA ffiHia i»io5r foTta
*I;46p shOOx |i£&§ Hf l:2*r»:»Or
• :l» r tO:OOA wtStnaSv t:I0r S:5Or
— . U:O9i 4:5«r tiM»
i l:4Sr ft:5Or „
— __~-3:15H yr T!gfl * ¦
1— twtt'stsuJy ' *- M>— MfTBIrwtwa
"nctlT J KS Majucst ST^(Norta Sbore R*ilroa4T
¦ eZHCJI 1 aad Sasbaltto Faro. Foot Marks* St» .An unfortunate fellow was sentenced recently to five
years' imprisonment in San Quentin prison for stealing
an overcoat. This surely is one of the cases where crime
is synonymous with idiocy. The man that profits thus
for his sins should strike for higher wage*
Townstnfi'g California Glare fruits and
choice candies, in artistic flre-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building. "
In wealth, numbers and capacity of
equipment the advantages in the pres
ent war are all on the side- or Russia.
True,' they are fighting at an enormous
distance . from their base and have to
depend on a single, badly laid line of
railway, which traverses 1535 miles of
unfriendly territory, whose people may
conceivably regard the Japanese as lib
erators. But this obstacle has not pre
vented them from bringing to bear on
the Far East a force whose strength
on paper is 3115 officers, 147,479 men and
266 suns; nor will it, I imagine, pre-
y Russian Lethargy.
One of out local actors, possessing something more
than local fame, says he intends to close his career as^
farmer in the peace and quiet and rest of rural life. Why
in-the good name of all- that is thespian can't he induce
some of his fellows to take this highly charitable course
at once? We can well afford to miss a few farmers now
on the boards. •. ,
GUERRERO — P.. City. Francisco
Guerrero, the last Mexican prefect at
San Francisco, or Yerba Buena. as it
was formerly called, was found dyins
on the old Mission plank road on Satur
day, July 12, ISol, and he died the fol
lowing day without having recovered
consciousness. It was at first supposed
that he had been thrown from his horse,
but subsequent investigation proved
that he died from wounds inflicted with
murderous intent.
Joseph F. Smith, the Mormon, summarizes his impres
sions of United States Senators, gained while on the grill
in the Smoot inquiry, by characterizing the solons of
Washington as good fellows. This is the subtlest and
cruelest attack yet made upon our national legislative
luminaries. Anybody ; that rests in the opinion of Joseph
F. Smith as a good fcJlow will do well to find time to
mend his fences. Something is wrong somewhere.
THE tumult of war sounds in Eastern Asia",; where
medieval Russia meets modern, civilization in Ja
pan. China and Japan were opened to the world
ostensibly that they might be modernized and take on
Western civilization as far as it might prove to be
adapted to their racial character. Japan proceeded to
completely assimilate that civilization. She has a com
plete system of jurisprudence, based on the common law,
a system of public education and a representative gov
ernment. It Is for the Western nations to decide
whether it is preferable that these institutions extend to
Eastern Asia or that the brutal and gloomy and hopeless
autocracy of Russia shall fall like a shadow upon that
part of the earth. The combat is between the ideas of
the twentieth; century, represented by Japan, and the
world of the time of Ivan the Terrible.
The tendency "and genius of a people are shown in
small matters as well as in great. One incident of this
war should not escape notice. The Japanese have re
spected women, cared for their wounded enemies and
conducted, themselves in the most praiseworthy manner
toward prisoners. In exploring the- : wreck, of the Rus
sian man-of-war Variag, which their shots . had- de
stroyed, they carefully removed the Russian dead and on
GENERAL SHIELDS — City Sub
scriber. The late General Jamea
Shields, at one time a resident of San
Francisco, who was a brigadier gen
eral of volunteers In the Mexican war
and held the same position during th»?
Civil War and won the battle at Win
chester, was a native of Dungannon.
County Tyrone, Ireland. He was born
in 1810 and came to the United State3
In 1826.
JAPANESE CIVILIZATION.
During a feast which he gave not
long ago the Emperor of Korea had the
misfortune to break a tooth. His august
Majesty at once threw the chief cook
and all the latter's assistants Into pris
on. A dentist who was touring the her
mit kingdom heard of the. trouble and
gave relief to the royal sufferer, and
was paid 1000 yen (about $500) for his
services. Then the imprisoned kitchen
force was set at liberty, but the chief
cook was sentenced to serve three
months without pay. The Emperor or
dered another feast to celebrate the
fact that the imperial jaw no longer
ached.
The Vook's Fault.
SELAH— E., City. Selah. a He
brew word used' In the Psalms and by
the Prophet Habakkuk. Is probably
from the Hebrew word salah. to rest.
It is supposed by some that the word
Is intended to denote that there is to
be a pause In the singing of the song,
while others maintain that it Is to de
note that there is to be an increase in
the sound. *
An interesting sidelight upon the stress of conditions
at Port Arthur has been cast by the announcement, in
tended to be sensational and startling, that cabmen in
the shell-assaulted town are charging three dollars for
a fifteen-cent ride. This dispatch was never intended for
San Francisco. We have been submitting to the same
condition for years /and have never even suspected war.
PICKLES— Sub.. City. The harmless
articles used for greening pickles are:
Vine, cabbage, spinach or parsley
leaves In the vinegar, their color belnj?
imparted, through the vinegar to the
pickles. The process Is one that re
quires great care and patience.
GERMAN PROVERB— Subscriber,
Centerville, Cal. "Watching a -woman
is labor in vain" is a German proverb,
but the author's name is not given.
CONCLAVE— K. T., City. The con
clave of the Knights Templars held in
San Francisco in 1883 was the twenty
third. It opened August 20.
If that were the end of the story
I wouldn't have minded; but when
It began with the heroes of Szezuezyn.
Slobodishtchi. Szydlowlec and Ilmen:
Of Tcharevokokshaish and Tmbtchevsk
And fair Tchernocholunltswop
Then I quit my career as a printer
And gave myself up to the cop!
— G. H. R.
It is said that the troops left Slobod
skol
For Starodub, Brzesc. Wlozlawek;
And the peasants of Ofverkumlngl.
Mszczonow, Ostrogojsk and Butchek
Had gone by the way of Tchemakhlm
skaia.
Down to Solvitcheg-odsk and Ujflitch.
Past Tchelyklai. Schvekshnl and Lrl,
To die fighting Japs in the ditch.
You say that my thoughts are all pied,
sir,
And my sanity shattered to bits?
That my case will come up in the morn
' ing
When the doctors will pass on my
wits?
Well, you know, we were printers — on
space, sir.
As happy as doves at a feast.
Till they sent me some copy one evening.
When the trouble broke out in the
East.
The Pied Printer.
CONSERVATORY FIRE—Subscrib
er, City. The conservatory in Golden
Gate Park was destroyed by flre Jan
uary 5, 1S83.
'Answers to Queries.
WOOL — S., Alameda, Cal. Th«
product of wool in the United States
during 1903 was 237.450.0flO pounds.
Against this judgment an appeal
was made to the High Court in Leip
sic. The Judges there also came to
the conclusion that the case could not
be dealt with as one of theft, nor coul.1
they see that any evidence of dam
age to property had been adduced.
But at the same time the High Court
declared that the sentiment of jus
tice imperatively demanded the pun
ishment of the guilty girl and the mat
ter was accordingly referred back to
the Judges at Cologne, with instruc
tions to ascertain whether, after all.
the pots and pans might not have been
damaged by rust, or by the splitting
of the enamel, or by the shifting of tha
pebbles on the bottom of the Rhine!
The end of the case, .which has al
ready lasted nine months, has not yet
been reached. — London Truth.
In a fit df temper a kitchenmaid on
a Rhine steamer threw overboard all
the sots and pans she had to clean.
There were two previous convictions
against her for theft and she was ac
cused of stealing the pots and pans.
The Cologne Judges held, however,
that as she had only thrown the uten
sils overboard^ the charge of theft
could not be sustained and they fur
ther decided that she could not be
convicted of .damaging her employer's
property. Inasmuch as the pots ami
pans were probably reposing uninjured
at the bottom of the river.
Among the sampan traders in Hong
kong there is a great traffic In birds.
The coolies offer the canary or thrush
in little hand-made cages of bamboo
and guarantee the feathered prisoners
to be songsters of high degree. The
birds are purchased by many a home
coming traveler and the buyer finds
that the bird merchant has not lied—
at least for a couple of days out from
port. But Invariably the little warblers
mysteriously lose their warble after
forty-eight hours or so and forever
afterward are minus the feeblest sort
of a chirp.
Investigation has discovered the
cause of the peculiar lapse and it has
been traced to one of those "ways that
are dark and tricks that are vain."
The Chinese dealers have learned that
to stuff the throats of their birds with
red pepper will make them glorious
singers as long as the effect lasts. After
that passes a bird, not naturally a
singer, relapses and is silent and often
dies from the effect of the burning
powder. It's a. trick In tune with that
of the man who Invented wooden nut
megs. For mind you, that while the
natural singing canary has a big mar
ket value the bird that can't sing Is not
worth beans and no one has learned
that better than John Chinaman In his
dealings with the unsophisticated
traveler.
Bret Harte's poetic declaration con
cerning the ways of the "heathen Chi
nee" has become almost axiomatic.
Tourists and globe-trotters returning
from the Orient give testimony to the
clever schemes that are successfully
worked by the slant-eyed denizens of
the seaports to win the dollar of the
strangers.
Tricks That Are Fain.
The Laiv in Germany.
The work is so arranged that those desiring credits
leading to a normal school diplomaUvill be allowed to
take two subjects and by doing extra work be given a
term's credit in those two subjects. Many teachers have
already signified their intention of attending again this
year and from present prospects 300 teachers arc likely
to enroll.
The location of the school is ah ideal one for the pur
pose, as San Jose is not only a beautiful city in itself,
but is well equipped with libraries, parks, schools and
churches, has a highly cultured society and is full of in
fluences toward intellectual work.
THE growth of the summer school movement in this
country has been remarkable. For less than ten
years have regular courses been offered by the uni
versities during the summer. Last year all the leading
Eastern universities offered full courses by regular in
structors for a term of six weeks or more.- The success
of the university summer school idea has no doubt
caused the Eastern normal schools to adopt the plan.
One year ago President Dailey of the San Jose State
Normal School presented to the Joint Board of Normal
Trustees at San Diego the plan of a summer session to
be held at the San Jose Normal. It met with the unani
mous approval of the entire joint board. Governor Par
deej State Superintendent Thomas J. Kirk and the
presidents of all^ the. other State normals indorsed the
movement.
It was' an experiment, as it had not been tried by any
normal school on this coast before. The argument then
offered was that there was a distinct need for such sum
mer school, because over half of the elementary teachers
of California had had no professional training and no
opportunity had been offered to them so Jong as they
continued in school duripg the year. It was also argued
that this would meet the needs of all those who were en
gaged in the primary and grammar schools better than
the university summer school, which was not intended
especially for grade teachers.
The summer school at San Jose opened June 20, 1903,
and 175 teachers were enrolled. Regular normal school
work was offered in all lines. The fact that one half of
those who ' enrolled have since entered the normal
school as regular students proves conclusively the popu
larity of the movement.
The history of the summer sessions of the Eastern
normals shows in every case a large increase from year
to year. Of the eighteen Eastern normal schools hold
ing summer sessions last year some show an enrollment
of from 600 to 700 students. Only two normal schools
in this country enrolled more students for the first sum
mer term than did San Jose. One enrolled 180 and an
other 185.. There is no reason why a large plant where
several hundred thousand dollars has been invested
should lie idle one-fourth of the year.
The whole function of. a normal school is to prepare
the best possibly equipped teachers for the State. The
only excuse a normal school has for asking for an ap
propriation for support is that the teachers of the State
may thereby be made more efficient.
If by holding a summer session the efficiency of the
teaching force of the State may be increased with a com
paratively small increase in expense this movement
should meet with the unqualified approval of all tax
payers.
As planned for the coming summer the session will be
six weeks in length, closing the first week in August. No
tuition will be charged. * All regular work is to be given
in the forenoon, leaving the entire afternoon for labora
tory, library work, etc. A number of interesting excur
sions have been planned for the afternoons and Satur
days. A trip to Mount Hamilton, the seat of the famous
Lick Observatory, also a yacht ride on San Fran
cisco Bay, besides shorter excursions to near-by places
of interest, will be made.
SUMMER SCHOOL MOVEMENTS.
With hard times . in; the.- Transvaal,
the prospect of finding; some of Ma
gato'js. bucketful of "diamonds . is likely
to start large numbers treasure hunt
ing. And other tragedies are more than
likely to follow'.— Washington Post. '/•
Magato did not swear Rhodes and
the other spectators to secrecy, and
some things leaked out. This led to
the formation of several private syndi
cates to try to obtain the diamonds
from the chief— by purchase or other
wise. But all efforts failed. And as
to getting them any other way — Ma
gato in his mountain stronghc-ld, with
thousands of Kaffirs ready to fight for
him, was a very dangerous man on
whom to attempt anything approaching
burglary ot^ highway robbery. But no
white'man In the Transvaal would ever
have long survived the story that he
ptrssessed a bucketful of diamonds
which were not locked up In a burglar
proof safe. ' ""'.'. "
After a while, among the few who
had heard of it and failed to get even
a glimpse of the gems' for the money
they had put up, the story of the buck
etful of. diamonds was\ generally re
garded as a myth, and emissaries of
the syndicate ceased to trouble Ma
gato.
Then there came a day when the
"Lion of the North" fell sick, and real
ized that the hand of death was upon
him. He hated Mpefu, his nephew
and the heir to the chieftainship. He
had tried to get him set aside in favor
of one df his own indunas. Balked in
this, he resolved that he would at^-least
prevent Mpefu from getting the bucket
of diamonds In his clutches. Summon
ing four of his most trusted chiefs,
he directed them to divide the dia
monds Into four lots, take them far
away and bury them, and tell no man
where they had hidflen them, under
penalty of being haunted In this world
and tortured in the next. The chiefs
promised to obey, and when the dia
monds had been parceled out among
them two of them set out for Matabele
Land and the two others, according
to .the story, trekked toward the Se
lati, In which region the remains of
Van Niekerk were subsequently found.
And to obtain this, treasure, or some
portion erf it, Swartz got tqgether the
search party.
The tragic sequel to the treasure
seeking expedition In the Transvaal,
furnished by the sentence to death at
Johannesburg of Phillipus Swartz, the
organizer of the expedition, for the
murder of . one of his companions,
Stephanus Van Niekerk, has brought to
light a story so strange and romantic,
and dealing with such fabulous hid
den wealth, that recalls some of the
South African romances of Rider Hag
gard. It starts appropriately with the
colossus of South Africa. Cecil Rhodes.
In 1S&0, fresh from the conquest of
the Matabeles and the acquisition of
Rhodesia, he received an invitation to
visit Magato, a renowned and power
ful Kaffir chief, known as the "Lion
of the North," and the unconquered
foe of the Boers. Magato wished to
have a pow-wow with the "Lion of the
South." as he desighated Rhodes, con
cerning matters in the territory that
had just been colored red on the Brit
ish map. At the Kaffir chiefs strong
hold, on the top of a high mountain,
the two strong men met, Rhodes being
accompanied by Sir John Wilioughby,
Justice Lang and D. C. de Waal.
When they had finished discussing
affairs of state, the wily old Kaffir,
wishing to impress Rhodes and his
companions with his wealth as well
as his power, showed him a bucket
filled with diamonds — magnificent
ones. Rhodes was not a man to ex
press surprise at anything. Once be
fore he had seen a bucketful of dia
monds, -which played an important
part in the amalgamation of the Kim
berley mines. After examining some
of the stones he made a mental esti
mate of the value of the contents of
the bucket as something between $12.
000.000 and $20,000,000. Then he
asked the Magato where he got them.
The chief answered that they had
been given him as "presents" from time
to time by his native subjects, who had
worked in the diamond mines. That
meant, of course, that they had been
stolen and that Rhodes himself, as one
of the largest owners of the mines,
had had his pockets picked to the tune
of a very large fortune.
Rhodes always had a great respect
for men who did things on a large
scale. Besides, in dealing with sav
ages, he always exercised diplomacy.
Therefore he did not denounce Magato
as a receiver of stolon goods. He con
tented himself with intimating that
their possession might possibly — at
some future date — get the chief into
trouble. To which Magato replied, it
is said, that it would take more than
all the Transvaal police to get them
from him.
A Bucket of Diamonds.
The republics of Central America, it is said, arc
chafing under the restrictions of long continued peace.
Our mercurial southern friends should not unnecessarily
distract themselves. They know what to do to excite
war, and the rest of us have learned in the bitter and
abused school of experience what to do after war has
commenced. The world has ceased to consider the in
ternecine squabbles of Central Americans as war.
Experienced railroad men in the East
believe that Mr. Gould will eventually
carry out his plan of establishing a
through line to Baltimore, but they
look to see important concessions made
to the Pennsylvania Railroad. The
Cacsatt administration was never more
strongly Intrenched than it is now.
Knough proxies for the annual meeting
of stockholders to be held early in
March Jjave already beenfsent in to
phow that there is practically no oppo
sition to the Cassatt management. Mr.
Much that is untrue and absurd has
been ' written about the . warfare be
tween the GouWJ and Carnegie inter
ests. Prominence has been given to tbe
rumors that the Rockefellers have al
lied themselves with the Goulds to In
timidate the Pennsylvania • Railroad
management and if necessary to force
A. J. Cassatt out of the control of that
great system. Actual facts, known to
most well-informed railroad men, prove
the absolute falsity of these rumors.
The Rockefellers, like other possessor*
of surplus funds, have invested in
Pennsylvania Railroad mock, but in a
comparatively small way. There are
now about 46,000 individual stockhold
ers of the Pennsylvania Railroad Com
pany — an increase of nearly 12,000 with
in one year. This remarkable diffusion
of Pennsylvania Railroad shares does
not .indicate that any effort has been
mede to concentrate the holdings of
ihese securities in the Interests of the
Rockefellers, the Goulds or any othor
particular Interest. A confidential rep
resentative of John D. Rockefeller told
ihe writer of this article a few days
ngro that the Rockefeller interests had
r.o more idta cf seeking control of the
Pennsylvania Railroad than they had
of buying Trinity Church in New York.
George J. Gould said Just before leav
ing: ICc-.v York for California: "It is
true that we have met with opposition
in our efforts to obtain traffic facilities
/*•? the Wabash system in Piitsburg,
but we hope to overcome all obstacles
and establish a thorough line to th»
Atlantic Coast. We do not expect tc
buy any part of the Pennsylvania Rail
road system in' order to accomplish our
purpose. There certainly has been no
personal enmity engendered between
President CasEatt and myself."
Andrew Carnegie, angered at what
he termed the selfish and unconcilia
tory policy of the dominant railway
interests in the Pittsburg region, had
j'lans prepared for the construction of
an independent line fr$>m Pittsburg to
a point on "Lake Erie. His insistence
upon the carrying out of this project
was one of the * auses that led to the
formation of the great United States
Steel Corporation. Certain Wall street
interests became alarmed at Mr. Car
ir-ie's defiant and aggressive attitude
j-nd J. Pierpont Morgan was appealed
to to avert th«» threatened onslaught
upon railroad harmony. Mr. Morgan
eliminated Carnegie as a factor in
traffic matters by forming the steel
trust, but not before the great iron
r-^t»r,.as the head of the Carnegie
Ft»»el plant, had made a contract with
George J. Gould providing for the
turning over to the Wabash Railroad
of several millions of tons of freight
annually as soon as the Wabash lines
tould effect an entrance into Pitts
liurg territory.
The time limit of this Carnegie-Gould
contract has not yet expired, but the
Wabcsh Railroad is not in position to
avail itself of the coveted traffic priv
ileges. Through the purchase and ex
tension of the Wheeling and Lake Erie
Railroad the Goulds have gained an
entrance into Pittsburg, but as yet the
'•PT>le of promise is afar off. Notwith
standing the spirited opposition of the
Pennsylvania Railroad the Wabash
manaeement has built a bridge across
the Monongahela River and established
a terminal station in Pittsburg. But
this terminal ij» suitable only for pas-
Fencer traffic and is cut off from the
Fteel plants by the refusal of the Pitts
burg municipal authorities to grant Hit
required right of way through the city
to a connection with a small road that
taps the steel plants. The Goulds have
spent about J40.000.000 thus far to get
into. Pittsburg and establish a through
line eastward to Baltimore, but until
they can loosen the grip of the Penn
sylvania Railroad on the Pittsburg
Council they stand little chance of
Retting the rich slice of freight traffic
that the Carnegie contract holds up to
view.
George J. Gould has been trying for
the lest fi\p years to get into Pittsburg
with his AVabash line. In this en
deavor h* has had the outspoken and
determined opposition of " the Penn
sylvania Railroad and the silent oppo
sition of the Vanderbilts. From a
freight traffic point of view the Pitts
l\irg region is counted by railroad
men as an unfailing bonanza. The
vast quantities of ore, coke, coal,
pieel and various manufactured prod
ucts handled at PittFburg have over
taxed the railroad facilities in this
territory for several years past, yet all
attempt? to build new railroads in this
rich field have been stubbornly re-
Fisted by powerful influences. The
Pennsylvania lines and the Vander
bilts' Pittsburg and Lake Erie road
are the on!y two railroads that have
access to the great Homestead. Brad
dock and the Jones and Laughlin steel
plants.
New York Timts.)
<CV.] v-ieht, JW4. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
«:"orn:T Railroad Editor Ktw York Hun and
BT EARL D. nERRT
A Great Railroad Fight.
vent them from «doubling or trebling
that force If necessary. Again, the Rus
sians, like the British, always lose at
first. The corruption which does un
doubtedly permeate the beaurocracy
and the impossibility of getting so gi
gantic and unwieldy a machine into
working order at short notice make de
feats at the outset inevitable, and in a
sense self-inflicted. Russia invariably
needs time to pull herself together.
The Turkish war was a synopsis of all
Russian wars — the hasty and Imperfect
preparations, the run of disasters so
swift and complete that Czardom
seemed for the time to be toppling over,
and then the slow gathering up and
concentration of all her resources,, the
evolution and discovery of the right
man— Russia is never without her Tod-
Iebens, and at a crisis nothing can keep
them down— and the overwhelming and
persistent pressure of all that huge em
pire. It means, therefore, little or noth
ing that so far the Japanese have sub
stantially triumphed. They have placed
themselves in a commanding naval po
sition and secured their shores from
invasion; but they must expel Russia
from Manchuria and Korea before they
can claim the final victory. And that 13
an enterprise compared with which the
Crimean war becomes a mere episode.—
Sydney Brooks, in Harper s "Weekly.
That is an uncalled for rebuke from an incompetent
source. When the Tim<vs learns enough about that par.t
of the State that is not in sight from Mount Lowe to
know that Northern California has ten acres of orange
country to one in Southern California, and that in
Northern California the date ripens the farthest north
in the world, it will be equipped to sit in judgment upon
the ignorance of others. There should be no sectional
ism in this State. There is room for emulation and com
petition, out of which issue benefits to all.
Now these are facts. .To state them is not derogatory
to any part of the State, but is creditable to California as
a whole. They seem to furnish no reason for the Times
for saying: "We do not believe in narrow prejudices,
holding that all true Californians should take pride in
the prosperity and progress of this magnificent State as
a whole. San Francisco is the leading delinquent in this
direction. The people of San Francisco resemble the in
habitants of Paris in many ways, among others in their
self-satisfied assumption that San Francisco is Cali
fornia, just as your true Parisian believes that Paris is
France. The average San Franciscan also knows as little
of the resources and natural features of the State, beyond
the picnic resorts around the bay, as the boulevardier
knows of provincial France."
That is not a candid statement of the facts. The-ship
ment of citrus fruits from north of the Tehachapi in 1903
amounted to nearly 2300 carloads. That is small in com
parison with the magnificent production of Southern Cal
ifornia, but it is a great increase over the shipments of
ten years ago. Its chief significance is that it proves the
orange producing capacity of Central and 'Northern Cal
ifornia, and it proves also that the region adapted to
profitable citrus production north of the Tehachapi is
much greater in area than south of that dividing line.
The northern citrus belt runs from Porterville to Oro
ville on the east side of the valley, goes up the mountains
as high as the Loomis and Ward ranches on the Merced
River, and stretches across the Sacramento Valley from
Placer County, passes the spurs of the Coast Range and
appears in Sonoma County, as is proved by the annual
citrus fair at Cloverdale. Butte, Yuba, Colusa and Sut
ter counties are all orange producers, and up to this time
there has been no damage to trees or fruit by frost or
drought since planting began about fifteen years ago.
The northern citrus belt produces *ripe and market
able oranges nearly three months earlier than Southern
California, for reasons permanent in their nature which
The Call has already explained. This advantage is not
boasted to decry Southern California, but to present the
great and interesting fact that this State has the longest
orange season of any part of the world. Our early
northern crop in no waj' interferes with the later
southern crop. It meets a market that the south cannot
supply, for its oranges are green at that time. The
southern crop meets, a market that the north cannot
supply, for its oranges are all harvested and the orchards
are blooming for the next crop.
The Los Angeles Times has been such a considerable
factor in the development of Southern California that it
can afford not to bite the thumb at the rest of the State.
In a recent issue it attacks the State Bo|ard of Trade
year book and incidentally the, people north of the Te
hachapi. It says: "It is remarkable how averse the good
people of Northern California are to giving full credit to
the southern part of the State for its wonderful achieve
ments in the line of development during the past twenty
years, and especially during the last decade."
Then the Times proceeds to a specific review of Gen
eral Chipman's report in the year book to this effect:
"The statement of General Chipman that 'the south still
claims superiority in orange and lemon production'
is rich in view of the facts. The citrus fruit shipments
from Southern California this season will probably
amount to 30,000 carloads. We are willing to admit that
orange planting in the north is rapidly increasing, as it
has been for over twenty years, greatly to the advantage
of Southern California nurserymen if not so much to
that of the planters." #
The State is injured by sectional claims of peculiar re
sources denied to other regions. Southern California has
had a wonderful development that holds high rank' in all
comparative statements, because it began later and pro
gressed long after the rest of the State had felt. the im
pulse of its capacities. No. one is jealous of that prog
ress, and no good Californian would minimize it in the
least degree, for it all melts into the alluring perspective
in which. the State is seen from beyond. its borders.
THE annual year book of the State Board of Trade
is a statement of the facts . concerning the State's
production for each year. As such it is an invalu
able part of the State's industrial literature. Every sec
tion of California, the south below the Tehachapi Pass,
the central from that point north to the delta country,
and Northern California embracing the Sacramento, are
faithfully reported, and each gets credit for its merits and
the enterprise of its people.
This particular dog plays the part
of decoy to the wayfaring waifs of dog
dom that come within the poundman's
ken. So- cleverly does this homely brute
do his work that many an unfortu
nate, yelping cur Is lured into the
lariat's noose, all unaware that his
brother has so basely betrayed him
to his doom.
Observers of the way the decoy dog
operates have discovered that he knows
a coilarless, licenseless dog as far as
he can see one. And he never dis
turbs those that wear the legal author
ization to roam *at will. But you should
see him nab a canine waif of .the
streets. Very quietly he drops behind,
letting the wagon run some distance
ahead to avert suspicion, for these
street dogs are very cunning and know
the poundman well. Then the decoy
ambles up to the unsuspicious object
of capture. There is some "dog talk"
that becomes interesting— so interest
ing, in fact, that the candidate | does
not notice the approaching lariat
thrower. The noose tightens and the
canine prisoner is cast into the per
ambulating cart to be borne off to sure
death. /
Sometimes the decoy meets a much
bigger dog than himself. Deliberately
he will engage in a, fight that unfail
ingly brings the lassoer, who quickly
adds one more to the catch of the day.
The poundmen say their low bred de
coy is worth many a dollar to them,
for he will lure to capture many a dog
that otherwise would escape the pur
suing dog-catcher.
The much abused but necessary
poundman finds himself the target foT
so much epithet and oftentimes vio
lent Interference with his duties that
he Is compelled to resort to much sub
terfuge to carry on his very important
public office of cleaning the thorough
fares of stray animals, the
homeless dogs. Across the bay in Oak
land the poundkeeper has enlisted the
services of a dbg, a cleverly trained
mongrel, that can be seen daily trot
ting behind the wagon that serves as a
cage for lassoed canines.
The Western Union-Pennsylvania
railway controversy, which has beeft
much exaggerated, is an incident of the
Gould-Cassatt railroad fight.
Cassatt's position as president of the
Pennsylvania Railroad system is
unique. Although he is only a "hired j
man" he has practically unrestricted j
control of the properties in his charge, j
and his power to make and carry out j
policies is as unquestioned as is that of j
W. K. Vanderbllt." E. H. Harriman. j
George J. Gould, J. Pierpont Morgan '•
or James J. Hill, each of whom is ac- i
customed to regard ordinary railroad j
presidents as mere puppets to come at ;
beck and call and obey orders without j
asking the reason why. ;
Nobody understands the scope of A. j
J. Cassatt's power more accurately ;
than does George J. Gould, and per- j
haps no railroad man comprehends Mr. J
Gould's capabilities better than Mr. j
Cassatt. The test of strength between
these two men is now in its last stage, j
and it Is only reasonable to believe that ,
the result will be a compromise with- |
out humiliation to either and produc- ]
live of real advantages to the inter
ests of both as well as the greater inter
efts of the shipping and the traveling ;
public. It is an indisputable fact that j
an almost unbroken congestion of j
freight . traffic has prevailed in the ;
Pittsburg region for the past three ,
years because of inadequate railroad i
facilities.
It was an impressive scene, the soldiers of what we
call a pagan nation giving Christian sepulture- to their
dead enemies under a guard 'of honor furnished by the
war ships of two Christian republics, and rendering all
the honors of war to those who had withstood them in
battle and had fallen and could fight* no more.
It is in sharp contrast with the humiliating parade of
Japanese officers captured in skirmish to be insulted in
the streets of Dalny by the savage Cossacks, who have
made no advance in civilization since the time of the
Kahzars and are practically the same as their Scythian
ancestors.
The burial by the Japanese of the Russian dead is a
theme for the poets who will write the lyrics of this war.
It equals any incident in the history of warfare and puts
Japan high in the respect of the world.
I shore buried them with the honors of war. An Ameri
can reajd over them a Christian burial service and their,
coffins were drawn on caissons that were manned by
"Japanese sailors/and the Yankee and French blue jack
ets responded to the Japanese request and served as a
guard of honor. When the dead Russians were lowered
into their graves the Japanese soldiers fired a volley over
them and the bugle sounded taps.
NO SECTIONALISM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, MARCH IS, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ... ... . .'. Address AH Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office * < S0§e|3§|1s> • ? • Third and Market Streets, S. P.
FRIDAY. .n. ¦. MARCH 18. 1904
Social information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Aliens >. 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 10U. •
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESGaelic dances and good music were
in order^at Native Sons' Hall last even
ing, when the Knights of the Red
Branch celebrated their thirty-fifth an
niversary and the anniversary pf
their patron saint. J. P. Kel
leher, John J. O'Connell, the Mtsses
Bessie and Hazel Allen gave a clever
exhibition of fancy dancing. Those in
charge of the entertainment were Wil
liam F. Coleman, John F. Waters, J. J.
O'Connor, P. J. Kenny and M. O'Neill.
Gaelic 3Iusic Is Rendered at the So
< cicty's Celebration.
Pontifical High Mass
Celebrated by the
Archbishop.
At the; conclusion of the pontifical
high mass Archbishop Montgomery
blessed the congregation.
Parents were especially cautioned to incul
cate the doctrines of Catholicism in the minds
of their children, and all Catholics were com
manded to lead lives that would cause their
religion to be looked upon as a religion of
honesty, sobriety and charity.
They were persecuted. They suffered the
Iofs of property, friend* and life, but In all
these persecutions they have stood like a rock,
unmoved In their faith. No other nation was
€\ver put to such a test, but the Irish emerged
triumphant.
You have spread the gospel of Christ and
goodness to every part of the world In the
past, and I exhort you to continue the work In
the future. «
Early In her religious history Ireland be
came known through the religious -world as the
Isle of Saints and Scholars. There were
preachers In every part of Ireland, and they
established churches, schools and hospitals In
every place that they were In.
A time of adversity finally came, and for
over a thousand years the people of Ireland
had to fight for their liberty. During that
time their spiritual belief never wavered.
For centuries efforts were made to anni
hilate the Catholic religion in Ireland, but the
people, no matter what internal dissensions
they were laboring under, always presented a
united faith to the foes of their ¦ belief and
defeated them on every occasion.
St. Patrick first announced the gospel to the
barons and chieftains of Ireland, and coon
every person on the ieland was a Christian.
x Ireland is the only nation that received the
faith willingly and without the shedding of a
drop of blood. Before St. Patrick died Ire
land was as Catholic as she In to-day.
Every nation eets aside some day In the year
to honor its heroes. Some have heroes who
have achieved eminence in battle, others honor
those who were prominent In commerce, and
others commemorate the achievements of great
men in governmental affairs.
St. Patrick, the hero of Ireland, is not of this
class. His victories were all of a spiritual or
der. He led the Irish from Ignorant heathen-
Ism to the knowledge of heavenly good and
cverlastinr life.
Since then the Irish race has become a
kingly race — always ready to fight the battles
of the wronged and oppressed. The people of
Ireland have spread the light of religion and
civilization to the utmost corners of the earth.
We havo gathered together in this sacred
edifice this morning to utter that prayer which
goes up on the 17th of March from ' every
loyal Irish heart.
One of the moet .remarkable and "at the
same time one of the most admirable traits of
the Irish character Is the love it always dis
plays for, its native land. No matter where
an Irishman emigrates to, he always feels
proud of his nationality. And his son and
their !<ons p"fse«s the same characteristics.
In fact, every j person through whom Irish
blood courses i* proud of the fact.
This, their festal day, is celebrated by
Irishmen in every place on land or sea where
an Irishman can be found. It is. an occasion
that binds all hearts together.
Not unmindful of the religious as
pect of the day. Catholic churches
were comfortably filled yesterday
morning by young and old eager to do
homage to the patron saint of Ire
land. St. Patrick's Church, on Mis
sion street, between Third and
Fourth, was filled to overflowing at the
pontifical high mass, .which was cele
brated by Archbishop Montgomery.
A portion of the church had been
reserved for the representatives of the
local Irish societies. The altar was
handsomely decorated, and in addition
to the organ an orchestra of stringed
instruments rendered beautiful music.
A well trained choir under the direc
tion of Miss Short lent additional at
tractiveness to the musical pro
gramme. At 10 o'clock Archbishop
Montgomery celebrated pontifical
high mass. Rev. J. M. Barry officiated
as deacon, Rev. M. Horan sub-deacon,
Rev. P. J. Cummins assistant to the
Archbishop, and Rev. P. E. Mulligan
master of ceremonies.
Father Concannon of Stockton
preached a sermon in the Gaelic
tongue on the life and the influence of
St. Patrick. The preacher is a man of
much eloquence and magnetism and
one of the leading orators in the Gae
lic language in the United States. Rev.
P. \V. Sullivan of the Potrero parish
and a graduate of one of the' French
theological colleges, also preached a
sermon. He said in part:
SANTA CRUZ, March 17.— St. Pat
rick's day was fittingly celebrated to>
day. The opera-house was crowded
by an immense audience gathered to
listen to the literary exercises and an
oration by Rev. Father Barron of Los
Angeles.
Celebration at Santa Cruz.
LONDON, March 17. — St. Patrick's
day was little observed in England.
Few flags were "Ilown and there was
little demand for shamrocks. Queen
Alexandra made her customary gift
of shamrocks to the Irish Guards.
Each man was presented with a sprig
on parade this morning at Aldershot.
In Ireland the day was generally ob
served as a holiday and business was
suspended.
Few Hags Flotvn in England.
A dance was given in. Lyric Hall last
evening in celebration of St. Patrick's
day by Division 2 of the Hibernians.
The grand march took place at 9
o'clock, after which the dancers contin
ued in their revelry until the early
hours of the morning. The music of the
evening was furnished by the pipers'
club of the Hibernians.
Second Division Gives Entertainment
• to Friends in Lyric Hall.
HIBKRXIAXS GIVE DANCE.
F. L. Turpin, commander of George
H. Thomas Post, G. A. R., announces
with pleasure that a sufficient number
of comrades have signified their inten
tion to visit the Grand Army Depart
ment Encampment, Los Angeles, April
6 and 7, to warrant the engagement of
a special train. The special will leave
the Third and Townsend streets depot
at 8 a. m.. Tuesday, April 5.
Grand Army Special.
, v Heat that damp room with a gas
heater from S. F. Gas and Electric Co.,
415 Post. *
Congregation Gives Concert and En
tertainment to Celebrate Day.
St. Patrick's day was celebrated by
the congregation of St. Paul's Church
and their friends at a concert and en
tertainment given in St. Paul's Hall, at
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, last
evening:
The programme of the entertainment
was. as follows: . ; •
' Overture, orcheetra: chorus, Irish airs; song.
"O'Donnell Abu," John McAullffe; ."The Irish
Jaunting Car." John Ryan, and chorus; vocal
solo. .: "Kathleen Mavourneen," Miss • Lenore
Hughes; "march and - song. "Columbia and
Erin": oration by. Eustace Culllnanw ' song,
"In Old Ireland, Meet Me There," C. V. Drady;
instrumental solo.v C Draghlcevich; soprano
solo, "; Miss Eleanor Magner; , selection of Irish
airs, orchestra; tableaux. "Shamrock," "Harp,"
"Erin's Flag." by St. Paul's Choral and Dra
malio Snrdftv < -. " . ¦ . -,• .
MUSIC AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH.
SEIIMOX IX GAELIC.
Father Concnnnon Preaches in An
cient Tonjue at St. Rose's.
KNIGHTS OF RED BRANCH.
At SL Rose's Church SL Patrick's
day was observed with religious ser
vices, which began at 9 o'clock Jn the
morning. High mass was celebrated
by the Rev. Father Charles McMahon
and a powerful sermon was delivered
in Gaelic by the Rev. Father M. J.
Concannon.
At the end of the mass the rosary
and litany of the Blessed Virgin were
recited in the Gaelic tongue by the
Rev. Father J. F. Nugent, rector of
St. Rose's, the congregation and chil
dren of the parish responding In per
fect harmony. •
In his sermon Father Concannon
alluded to the work of St. Patrick and
his success in converting the nation.
He concluded with the prayer that the
faith which he established there
would remain and be spread through
out the world.
There was a full choir and the
hymns to St. Patrick were feelingly
rendered.
The officers and members of the
State board of the Gaelic League of
California were present in a body and
paid their respects to Fathers Nu
gent, Concannon and McMahon at the
close of the service.
ler Yeates (the Irish poet), James V.
Coleman, Joseph S. Tobin, Rear Ad
miral B. H. McCalla and others.
Washington, will not permit cur country un
der any circumstances to be drawn into the
struggle between the two nations; and in
this connection we cannot omit calling atten
tion to the fact that one of the parties to that
war expressed deep sympathy with us and
showed a disposition toward us at a time when
the Aery existence of our country was threat
ened; and we respectfully ask of our -repre
sentatives In Congress to carefully watch the
of affairs and use their influence to pre
vent this Government from being drawn into
a struggle that cannot directly concern us.
We view with much gratification the move
ment now on foot to erect some testimonials
to the memory of those of our race who were
conspicuous for their services to this country
in the days of it» struggle for independence
and for the preservation of its Integrity as a
nation.
W> are particularly pleased that the great
rart which our people took In the upbuilding
of thin country is receiving recognition, and
we hope that the movement now inaugurated
for the erection of a monument to Jerry
CVRrien of Machlap. Maine, und hip sons, will
meet with such public support and approval
as will lead to Etmilar appreciation of others',
of our race. \ C. O'CONNOR.
J. J. GALLAGHER.
JEREMIAH DEAST.
THOMAS F. ALFORD.
Committee on Resolutions.
ARCIIBISIIOP MONTGOMERY. WHO CEL
EBRATED PONTIFICAL HIGH MAS8
AT ST. PATRICK'S CHURCH.
"March 17 has been accepted by com
mon consent as Ireland's national
birthday, and it will remain such until
some other day takes its place; some
other day on which a gifted son of the
Irish race, at the head of a united peo
ple, shall win independence and either
with his pen or with his sword write
the epitaph of Robert Emmet. Gentle
men, in the language of Ireland and in
the name of the Knights of St. Pat
rick, I bid you 'cead mille failthe.' "
Superior Judge M. T. Dooling of San-
Ben! to responded to the toast "The Day
We Celebrate," and his a,ddress was all
too short for his rapt listeners.
Ex-Mayor James D. Phelan respond
ed to the toast "The United States of
America" in a happy manner, . Inter
spersing his address with several new
and good stories. Hia reception was
flatterlnff.
Ex-Registrar Tom Walsh sang in a
highly acceptable manner "The Min
strel Boy to the War Has Gone" and
received a full meed of applause. R. C.
O'Connor of the Hibernia Bank deliv
ered a stirring address on "The Irish
Element in the. United States"; Colonel
J. J. Tobln responded to the 'toast,
"Irish Wit and Humor." and 'A. M.
McPherson, chief of the Caledonian
Club, spoke to "Our Sister Societies."
Letters regretting their inability to
be present were read from Archblshopa
Riordan and Montgomery, Michael J.
Davitt, Justin McCarthy, William But-
President Mulhern delivered a short
but eloquent address of welcome to the
banqueters. Among other good things
he paid:
Thoroughly Successful and Enjoyable
Banquet Given by Order.
As representative a gathering of
prominent citizens of San Francisco as
ever stretched their legs beneath a
table attended the twenty-ninth annu
al banquet of the Knights of St. Pat
rick which was given at Delmonico's
last night. The dinner was served in
the main banquet hall, . which was
beautifully decorated with a profusion
of greenery and American and Irish
flags. The menu was a triumph of cul
inary art and the event a most pro
nounced success in every way. Better
than the dainty dishes and more exhil
arating than the choice wines was the
feeling of love and good fellowship that
seemed to embrace every one of the
gathering.
Five hundred guests gathered to do
honor to the occasion. Prominent
among them were Chief Justice Beatty
of the Supreme Court, Superior Judges
Dooling, Kerrigan, Graham, Coffey
and Dunne, Police Judge Fritz, ex-May
or James D. Phelan, ex-Captain of De
tectives John Seymour and priests,
lawyers, physicians and business men
whose names are household words in
every home in the city.
An excellent orchestra furnished
music, alternating with American and
Irish airs. One of the impressive feat
ures of the banquet was when John
Mulhern, president of the Knights,
arose and proposed the health of the
President of the .United States. All
of the guests arose an4 drank the toast
in champagne and remained standing
while the orchestra played the "Star-
Spangled Banner."
KNIGHTS OF ST. PATRICK.
The fame of Ireland's patron and na
tional hero, St. Patrick, was, loyally
celebrated yesterday by all patriotic
Irishmen in San Francisco. The in
clemency of the weather interfered
radly with some of the best features
arranged for the day, notably the great
grames of Gaelic sports which were to
be held on the Presidio athletic
grounds. These were necessarily post
poned until there is more favorable
weather, and will be held at a future
date to be announced hereafter.
The religious side of the great anni
versary was fully observted at the sev
eral churches whose membership
consists largely of Irish-Americans,
Pontifical high mass was celebrated
and special addresses in keeping with
the day were delivered. These services
were all attended by large numbers of
persons of Irish birth und descent, as
well as by hosts of others to whom the
Emerald [ate is merely a historic name.
The principal feature of the day's
events was the convention of the United
Irish Societies of San Francisco, held in
the evening at Mechanics' Pavilion.
Nearly 3000 men and women braved the
storm that raged outside to testify by
their presence and enthusiastic partici
pation in the celebration their love for
Erin and the memories evoked by her
name. A well-arranged programme of
addresses and musie was carried out
with complete success, and at its con
clusion the League of the Cross Cadets
grave a most effective exhibition of their
drills. The evening closed with a grand
ball, which lasted until a late hour.
MICIIAKL, DAVTTTS REGRETS.
Commissioner Michael Casey of the
Board of Public Works, president of
the organization, was unavoidably ab
eent and his place as presiding officer
was taken by Vice President T. M.
Seary, who opened the meeting with a
short address explanatory of its object.
He read the following letter from Mi
chael Davitt, the Irish Parliamentary
leader, who had been asked to deliver
the oration of the evening:
OAKLAND. March 1«, l»Ot.
Mr. Michael Casey. San Francisco —
Dear Mr. Casey:
I rfjrret 1 was not well enough to see you
and Mr. Peasy when you called yesterday and
to thank you and through you the officers of
the I'nited Irish Societies of San Francisco for
honoring me with an invitation to the celebra
tion of the Irish national festival on to-mor
rcw. I regret to nay that I cannct be with
you en the occasion. I have been in poor
health since a few days after landing in N<w
York and I era Ftill under the doctor'* care.
I have re<ju« > st*"i I>r. Meagher cf this c'.ty. who
is attending to me, to allow me to go to the
I'nited Irish Fociftie*' demonstration and to
titw Knights of Ht. Patrick dinner. It only for
a ehort time, but h* declares that absolute
rest trom all work end excitement if necessary
if I «m to pet back to ordinary health before
starting for heme, bo I must obey. Tours very
truly. MICHAEL DAVITT.
ORATION IiY \V. A. KELLY.
In Pavitt's absence the oration com
memorative of the anniversary was de
livered by William A. Kelly, a young
orator of ability and pood voice, who
held the attention of his hearers with
out difficulty for half an hour with elo
quent praises of Ireland and her saint.
He said among other things:
We clrbrate the anniversary of an event
fraucht with lmr>ortanc« to every eon of Ire
land. At the name of the great saint who
awakened tfc*- fatherland to hf-r destiny every
Irish h«>art throbs to-night. AH countries have
their anniversaries, days in which hallowed
names are nia 3e n*>w in the minds of their
children with fcw? and praiw. So Ireland and
rifT Bonn ibe world over delight to keep this
day, marks the ditenthrallment of th»
Grf-en lsl«> fr'wn unbelief and her new birth
of faith and lit^ratur*'.
We are hire to Indicate that the spirit of
ratriitlsm !s= not d«-ad, but will I've while
Ireland herself remains to claim the love of
her Eor.g. To-nicht. as we glance backward
over the centuries of Irish history, we behold
rrn*ch to deserve our pride. With the fall of
the Roman «-ciDlre the Irish legions returned
to tbPir native inland and devoted th?m?Hves
to the arts oi letters. Industry and peace.
They drvHcppd a code of laws that remain
iroof to-<!ay of great intellectual and legal
ability.
But it remained for Ft. Patrick to bring to
Ireland the true faith of the church that ros«
¦:¦¦¦" the ruins of the empire. His disciples
frread thlF faith far from the shores of Erin,
in Scotland, on the batiks of the Rhine, among
th»- olive groves of Spain. The blood of Irish
ir.ifsioT!»ry rosrtyr* crtmson«vi the soil of
ir.any :¦.-.¦•:- Happy in this faith, Ireland daz
zk-d the world by the brilliance of her litera
ture and the learning of her scholars.
Such eminence brougfct the? penalties of envy
and war. But the Irish soldier drove back
th» Dane from his country's soil. Her na
tionality and Ej>eech were successfully pr«s
f«rip<i uiitil the Sajcon turned his grwsly eyes
to fair fie)«^ t^yond the Irish Sea. By a sys
tem of rarine. oppression, confiscation and
UMUflU without parallel in history, the Kng
l!*h. domir.ion was faFtened upon the land.
IJut though fortune turned to him a frowning
countenance, the j?j>!rit of the Irishman was
r.'ver eutidued. Coercion nev*>r begets amity,
*nd tb* oppression of the Hngllsh begot in
Ir1»h hearts Viurning hatred that later centu
*~\+h havr* **-nly a'^centuatf-d. Hero after hero
row to flcrht unsuccessful battles for Ireland,
but it r«-main*<l for 0'Conn<»lI to wake anew
th» Irish national seplratlonc. In th* nine
i^er.th century he was followed by n host if
I-R-Jprs. B-tt. Parr:<*U. Davitt and many oth
ers, who w«re aided by England's Grar.a Old
Man. Wllliara Ewsrt Gladstone. All of us
r«*re rray thst In-land's ind»Tfndpnc« may
n^t b» far In the future.
To America Irishmfr arknowledre th»!r
debt. *r,<l w#>U have they rppald It upon ?very
f^attleficld cf our country'* history, both in
th* Revolution and tho Clvi! War. Who can
pay that the Irishman hai not shown his right
to fHf-rovoninifnt ?
Mr. Kelly's oration was liberally ap
plauded. It was followed by the fol
lowing musical selections, all of which
w<?re received with applause that com
pelled many encores: Tenor solo, "The
Minstrel Boy." by D. Mannloyd. with
accompaniment by Miss Frances Buck
land: tenor solo, "The Green Old Flag,"
by Eugene D. O'SulHvan; barytone
eolo, by Burt Murphy: Kleij^h bells,
"Kathleen Mavourneen," by MIsb Xel
lie Waters; "God Save Ireland," by E.
D. OSuIHvan.
RKSOLUTION'S ADOPTED.
Th<* following resolutions were read
by Thomas F. Alford and adopted with
out dissent:
*Ve. the repr»*«*nt« lives of th# United Irish
P<x-ie»i« in convention assembled, view with
srstiScatlon the substantial advance made by
»!se Irish pecple In the r.a*Fare of the land act
by the British rarlUm*nt, and we sincerely
hop* that whatever defect It may possess will
»«> remedied by «uch further legislation as will
fa.ilitate the transfer of the land to the peo-
WV are tho gratified at the great progreM
made by tb<? GaHIc League Jn Its endeavor to
revlv* the ancient language of our country, *
language no rich in Its associations with all
that is print in the rast. xrlth all that is
beautiful in our tlterature an<1 patriotic In
<wir history. We believe that the language of
a people U one of the rooet powerful factors
In preserving their nationality, and ¦** would
be not only a national disgrace but a loss to
mankind, that a language so old in Its history,
•o capable of expressing all the feelings and
emotions of a people should be allowed to
perish. - .:,.-':
While we vlow with deep Interest the acqui
sition cf the land by our people, and their ex
•Ttioni to preserve and to perpetuate our lan
guage. Ftill we trust that the representatives
of the Irish people in the British Parliament
¦will not forget that they will never be satis
fled until their aspirations as a separate and
di«lnct nationality are realized and they po»
k« the management and control of their own
domestic affairs, in accordance with the genius
of our people.
We can never be Indifferent to any move
r>*mt In which our people at home are engaged^
and consequently w pledge ourseKes to give
whatever material and moral support we can
give to them tn their endeavor to secure for
our native land those blessings of self-govern
ment which we enjoy here.
As citizens of the United States wo view
with concern the war at prevent being waged In
the Far East, and we trust that the administra
tion, mindful of the traditions of this Gov
ernment and remembering the Injunction of
Great Convention of the United Irish Soci
eties Is Held at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
Good Addresses and Music.
Pleasing Entertain
ments the Features
in Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 17.
Nothing daunted by the rain which
fell at St. Patrick's day, the Hiber-'
nians of this city celebrated the natal
day of Ireland's patron saint in a fit
ting manner with music, dancing and
entertainments in the various iar
ishes of Oakland. Special services in
commemoration of the occasion wore
held in all the Catholic churches of
the city this morning, after vhich a
general holiday was observed by the
wearers of the creen.
In the evening the members of St.
Patrick's parish in West Oakland, St.
Columba's narish in Golden Gate and
St. Andrew's parish- of East Oakland
attended the entertainments urn?.ri>?e'l
by the committees in charge of th".
various St. Patrick's day celebrations.
The annual ball of the Alamedn.
County branches of the Ancient Or
der of Hibernians was given at For
esters' Hall and was well attended in
spite of the rain.
The entertainment in St. Patrick's
parish was held in the parish audito
rium, being opened with an introduc
tory address by the Rev. J. B. McXal
ly, who spoke on "The Irish People of
the Past. Present and Future." He
told of the great wrongs infliciel on
the Irish In the past, their present
condition and of the aims and nsp.'ra-
Uun3 of the people of Erin's isle for
the future. Father McNally's address
v/as followed by a song by Walter
Kerrick; the "Sailor's Hor.np pe, r> by
Genevieve and Percy Reed: "The
Flower Dance," by Wanda Griffin; an
Irish s=ong, by M. J. Lawless and the
Highland fling, by Margaret David
son.
The entertainment closed with a
drama entitled "The Irish Eviction,"
presented by the following cist:
Jasper Roaeblade. Raymund Lemery; Jona
than Roseblade, John Donohue; Claude Rose
blade, Arthur King: Humphrey HUson, Frank
McKeegan; Jonas Hundle. Klmus Lood; Father
Hylton, John Griffin; Lord Elmore. Edwin
Keller: 'Lieutenant George Florville. Raymond
McManus: Blinkey Brown. Klisha Jones;
Squinty Smith, Leo Bischoff: Sir Henry Har
rington. Gregory Haran; Sheriff, Kent Finnl
gan; Grange, Thorp, gameiceeperi, William
Whitney, Joseph Divine; Russell, Michael,
Richard, officers. George Nolan, Frank Farley, :
Matthew Rulech; the parish prlegt_oj Gowran,
County Kilkenny, Father McNally.
The music was furnished by the or
chestra of St. Mary's College.
The entertainment and celebration of
St. Columba's parish was prepared by
the Rev. Father Heslin and was held
in Klinkner's Hall, in Golden Gate. The
feature of the evening was a play pre
sented by the children of the St. Mary [
Sodality of St. Columba's parish, en
titled "In a Mouse Trap." The leading
character; Jane, the maid, was taken
by Miss Agnes Bloomer. The rest of
the programme consisted of musical
and literary numbers by amateur and
professional talent.
"The Day We Celebrate" was the
subject of an oration by the Rev. Peter
C. Yorke at the St. Patrick's day cele
bration at St. Anthony's Hall, in East
Oakland, at which an excellent musical
and literary programme wps rendered.
The opening address was delivered by
Hugh Hogan, chairman of the advisory
committee. "Eochaill," a Gaelic song,
was sung by Miss Loretta Barr % of the
Gaelic Choral Society of San Francisco,
followed by a recitation. "St. Patrick'3
Day," by the pupils of Our Lady of
Lourdes Academy. "Oh, the Sham
rock," a song by the boys of St. An
thony's School, was followed by vocal
selections by Miss Frances O'Gara and
M. Lawless of the O'Carolan Choral So
ciety of Oakland. "A Letter From Ire
land," by Leo Hornley,- and Irish step
dancing by Professor Joseph P. Kel
leher, followed by Father Yorke's lec
ture, closed the entertainment.
SAN JOSE, March 17.— St. Patrick's
day was fittingly celebrated here to
day by the Hibernian societies not
withstanding the stormy weather.
Members of the societies from through
out the county were present. At special
services in St. Joseph's Church Father
Gleeson "presented the Hibernians with
a handsome silk flag. It was blessed
by Father Walshe, after which the
donor made the presentation speech.
The flag was then taken to St. Pat
rick's Hall on North Ninth street, from
which the society marched to St. Pat
rick's Church to attend services at 10:30
o'clock. High mass was celebrated and
Rev. Fath'er Cullen of Mountain View
addressed the members of the society.
An entertainment was given at Vic
tory Theater this evening. It consisted
of musical and literary numbers, In
which the* Santa Clara College Band
and one hundred children from St. Pat
rick's* Sunday school participated.
There were a number of tableaux. Tht
oration was delivered by Rev. Joseph
McQuaide, who has seen service in the
Philippines. A large audience was
present.
Celebration at San Jose.
BOSTON, March 17. — The one hundred and
twenty-eighth anniversary of the evacuation
of Boston by the British troops was observed
here to-day. The truest of honor was the Sec
retary of the Navy. William Moody.
WITH RELIGIOUS AND SOCIAL OBSERVANCE, THE SONS OF ERIN
KEEP GREEN THE MEMORY OF IRELAND'S PATRON, ST. PATRICK
THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1904,'
9
ADVERTISEMENTS. |
ONLY j
I Friday, Saturday I
I and Monday, j
I March 18, 19 and 21. 1
§ On Special Sale I
|| We will put 2^0 ALL-WOOL H
i SCOTCH TWEEDS AND K
J ALL-WOOL FANCY WOR- fl
U STEDS. These goods will go R
g on sale for. these 3 days only. I
« Our guarantee — every yard im- fcs
IS ported goods. You cannot du- n
H plicate any of these woolens in gj
h any other house for less than Eg
I $40.00 a suit. Made to order, m
I Our price Friday, Saturday and B
1 MADE TO ORDER. S
2 One price, one profit. From fl
I mill to man direct. No middle- Kg
a man to contend with. 8
3 Every garment made. up first- M
1 class. We use the best of lin- ra j
I .ings. Our workmanship is as Ij
I good as any $35.00 to $40.00 suit g j
I in any house in or out of town, u j
1 OUR PRICE I
1 sir fin I
I NO MORE— NO LESS. |
t* The only exclusive $15.00 fj
I tailoring house in the world. y
Scotch Plaid
k Tailnro S
I l dliul 0 I
1 1009 Market Street 1
(9 Write for samples and self- [ 8
M measuring blanks. *J
DTJTTCinC'O FOR BARBERS. BA-
XjilUoHllO kera - bootblack*. ¦ bath-
UilUWiiuu houses, billiard tablt*.
brewers, bookbinder*, candy makers canned,
dyers, flcur rnlllfu foundries. »a«£dr>«. paper-
hinsers. printer! painters, alioe factories,
etableiaen. tar-roofer*, tanner*, tailors, etc
BtTCSAZTAZT 3EOS..
Brush Manuf acturars. 6O9 Sacramento St.
ert B F\ B Ammunition, Hunting and
SS fl BF» 9 Tw Sporting Good*. Larjesi
H H 9m stock. Lowest prices. S*ml
fe4» I U t9 PHREVE 4 RARBER CO..
Kearny «t.
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
~ SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense
of $260,000— New Management— ENTIRELY
FIREPROOF.
LOCATION— Very accessible to street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
S3 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms In antique decorations.
Turkish Baths In Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. De Stel-
ger. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions In every room; Ions distance connections
made with any part of the coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense.
1 BUTLER HOTEL. Seattle. *;*W
PfliflfP DON'T f AIL TO
lalutV iee th« beautiful
' 4 COURT Lounging
a fl fl room, th» EMPIRE
allU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, tho
(in.f1fl LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
o j. 1 DIBS' WRITINQ
Hotels I room. 1
AHUSEMEUTS.
BEGINNING MONDAY, MARCH 21.
P "f Mary of
NSKO Magdala
Seats Now on Sale.
Prices, 50c, 75c, $1, $1.50, $2.
kiOg!Jllllgg>kiOir'!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB,
Racine Each Week Day, Rain or Shin*.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track tak*
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:au.
l:0O. 1:20 or 2 o'clock. No amoklng in last two
cars, wblcn'ar* reserved tor ladles and their
escorts.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:43 ard Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President. .
, PERCY W. TRUA.T. Secrttaur.
jH LUWiSI A mm mm
Last Three Nights jgjj£SSr.
J.-hn C. Fisher** rrnp Most Magnificent *
Stupendous I II p of All Musical
Presentation, I ¦*.**¦-« Comedy Productions.
SILVER SLIPPER
Witt SAMTCBXi COLWIfS.
The Sensational Champagne Dane*.
SEATS READY FOB
MAJBY «
MANNERING
In a New Modern Comedy by Leo Dltiichstela,
HARRIET'S HONEYMOON
2SJ ££* Monday Night
EMMETT CORRIGAN COMPANY
Presenting "Jockey Jones"; Xlchols
Sisters; Loney Haskell and Orphe-
um .Motion Pletures*. Lost times of
tlie Barrows- Lancaster Company;
Poettlnger's Swedish Ladles' Quin-
tet; Ferguson and Mack; Glllo**
Artcsto and the Lowe-IIuche* Duo.
Regnlar Matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. 25o
and SOr.
BeKlnnlnc SUNDAY MATIXEB:
The Celebrated P?anif;h Actrwss and Panto-
ralmUt,
LA BELLE GUERRERO
Pifsentiny.
•THE ROSE AND THE PAGGCR."
CALIFORNIA
fB Xt&ST TWO NIGHTS. 1^
MATINEE TO-XOBSOW. 1»
MR." cf TI I \7 i!
DANIEL 3ULL1 3
In h!s ftreaU»t success, j|
THE OLD MILL STREAM I
A Rural Romance of Surpassing Ex- £
ceUence. . ii
¦ Sunday— BEN HENDRICKS I
in hi* new play. "ERICK OB* &
¦ SWEDEN." ft
TIVOLR85&
LAST TESES WIGHTS OT
THE GYPSY BARON
Stratus' Romantic Opera In Three Act«.
SIG. OOMXNZCO BTTSSO as
SA3TDOX BASIHXAT
MATIXEE SATURDAT.
SECURE SEATS" IN ADVANCE!
MONT>AY. March 21— First Production In
San Francisco of
MR. PICKWICK.
Initial Appearance Here of
SOSA DE PILLIPPE.
I*sual Popular Prices 23c. 5Oc and 75a
Box Seats $1.00
A T V^ A Hf A Tl B«lase-> A Mayer,
ALCAZAR TSTCR
General Manager.
AT 8 TO-WIGHT — Mat*. Sat. and Son.
"Parsifal should be ims." — Call.
Wagstr'i XsxprtssJre Miracle Play,
I...PARS1FAL...
Produced under the personal direction of
Frederic Belaaco.
The music by an orchestra of Twenty.
EvgBr* 25c to $1. Mats. Sat. & Sun..25c to 75c
"Given with Intense sincerity and rpverenc*.
It cannot help but uplift the spectator. It
is well worth seelns." — Chronlcl*.
Market street, near Eighth. Phon« South 5G3.
TO-NIGHT— t*AST THREE NIOHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SCNDAT.
The Greatest of All Irish L'ramas,
1 shamus o^brien"
••THE BOLD BOT OF GLENQALI*".
HERSCHEL MAYALL. AS -SHAMUS."
Jig Specialties by Champion Gaelic Dancers. •
DDTfCC Evenings 10c to .Wi
1IUVL.J Matinee* lOr. 15c. 23o
arcxt — the xuio or detectives
Over and : : You Can
Over : : Search
THE WORLD AND YOU WILL NOT KIND
? FUNNY MUSICAL COMEDY LIKE
| The Rounder^
Filled with everything that Is great in th«
way cf music, dances, specialties and an
••All- Star" Ca»t-
RESERVED SEATS— Night*. 23c. 50c and
75c. Saturday and Sunday matinees, I5c and
60c. Children at matinee*. 10c and 25c.
insxT PLAT^nsanrr."
.
High -Glass Specialties
Etctt Afternoon and Eventaar In th«
Heated Tneater.
ENJOY YOURSELF IN CABARET DE LA
MORT.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Tak« a, Trip DOWN THE FLUME.
Admlisioo, 10c: Children. 3c.
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutea."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
Richard Wagner
Lector* Recital*. Lyric Hall. By
MRS. RAYMOND BROWN, Pianists
T S2K B^y:^M^rVin?e^ 3y Sa^;
SBATSUS* 1 ?*: 1^. To-morrow at She,-
man. Clay * Ca/a. ¦
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE
Cor. Sacramento and Webster «ts.
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING. March 19. 1904.
OB. GEOBGE B. S03BE3S. 1
' Subject. "THE TRAINED NVRUL"
ADMISSION IS FRES.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISS ROSA McAEAN OF BUTTE. \
How After Two Teara She round a Rem-
edy for Dandruff.
Miss Rosa McAhan of 211 West Quartz
street, -Butte. Mont., says: "Herpicide
has thoroughly cleansed ray scalp . of
dandruff, with which it was entirely
covered; and it has stopped my falling
h«.Ir. - I have tried many different prep-
arations in the past two years, but none
took effect except Newbro's Herpicide."
Dandruff is a germ disease and Herpicide
is an infallible destroyer of the germ.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." KU1 the dandruff germ. Ask your
druggist for Herpicide. It is a delight-
ful dressing", allays itching?- makes the
hair soft as silk.- Sold by leading drug-
gists.. Send 10c in stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co.. Detroit, Mich. ;
CASTOR I A^
For Infants and Children. -
The Kind You Have Always Bought-
Bears the y^lfr S/ffy J /*
Signature of L&ajtyz /<&C&/t4.¦ CHICAGO, March 17. The ' car barn ban
dits, Marx, Neldermier and Vandine, were to
day, placed in solitary confinement in the
County Jail. No one except their spiritual'ad
viscra will bs allowed to see the prisoners. ,
Tornado Destroys a Texas Village.
DALLAS, Tex., March 17.— A tor
nado struck the village. of Neyland to
day, demolishing a number of houses
and- doing much damage to property.
One person was killed.
First race — Amasa. Cassie W, My Sur
prise. ¦ .":/.:•; '•-. . . . • ;
Second race— Saccharate. Ebcodob»,
Firelia.
¦Third race — Salto, Harbor, Criss Cross.
: Fourth race— Mr. Dingle, Folonius,
Boutonniere.
Fifth race — aiimo, Galanthus, Muresca.
Sixth race— Half ord, Anirad, Scherzo.
PROBABLE W IK WEBS.
The chairman of the Republican
State Central Committee, William M.
Cutter,, has received a letter dated
Cleveland, Ohio, March 2. The letter,
which was first mailed to Washington.
D. C, and, subsequently forwarded to
Marysville. Cal., reads as follows: '
"Mrs. JIanna and family deeply ap
preciate the beautiful emblem sent and
thank the committee of California for
their sympathy."
" The acknowledgment has reference
to the floral piece which the State Cen
tral Committee sent on the occasion of
the Hanna- obsequies in -Washington,
D. C.
Floral Tribute Appreciated.
The Democratic State Central Com
mittee, Bernard D. Murphy chairman,
will meet at Pioneer Hall to-morrow
at 2 p. m. for the purpose of framing
and adopting a call for a State Con
vention of the party to select delegates
to the national convention at SU Louis*.
July 6. The Hearst forces in California,
under the leadership of M. F. Tarpey,
favor an early State Convention and
also favor a recommendation by the
committee to the State Convention that
the California delegation be. instructed
for Hearst. The prolonged rain has
somewhat dimmed the prospect of u
large personal attendance of commit
tee members from the Interior, hence
proxy representation will cut quite a
figure in the proceedings
Democratic State Committee.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
1". — The first rowing match between
Stanford and the University of Cal
ifornia is being arranged by the boat
ing clubs of the two universities. The
race will be between the freshman
crews and will take place on the Oak
land estuary the latter part of April.
The contest will not be regarded as a
regular intercollegiate event for the
r^dKon that the Associated Students of
Stanford have not yet recognized
boating as an intercollegiate sport.
The crew that will represent the
Stanford freshmen- has not been se
lected, but the most likely candidates
as shown by practice this season are
F. R. Bee of Boston, Mass.; F. Zim
merman and A. Rosenfeld, both of
Portland, Or.
College Oarsmen to 3Ieet.
. A warrant was Bworn to before Po
lice Judge Mogan yesterday by Police
man Earle for the arrest of Mrs. Annie
Peyser, the landlady of an apartment
house at 1423 Octavia street, on the
charge of failing to equip the fire e*s
capes with red lights as required by the
fire ordinance. He said he had repeat
edly .warned her, but she had refused
to comply with his request. She was
arrested and released on bail, i
Will Not Display Red Lights.
CHICAGO. March 17.— Benny Yan
ger and Aurelia Herrera, who en
gaged in a six-round bout at the
American Club Monday, were arrest
ed to-day, Edwin White, matchmaker
of the club, was also arrested. The
men are charged with violating the
State laws pertaining to boxing exhi
bitions.
Yangcr and Herrera Arrested.
Harry McCloud vs. Manuel Torres,
Al Elkins vs. Roderick Earl, Kid Par
ker vs. Dick Cullen, Mike Synfy vs.
Charley Murdock, Joe *La.rkin vs. Joe
Podesta, "South Side" Jack O'Brien
vs. "Telegraph Hill" Jack O'Brien,
Jack Grey vs. Charley Sloat, Gus Kos
ter vs. Fred Stanley, Bonar Wilt vs.
Jack Augustine, and the star heavy
weight main event between Owen Sul
livan and Walter Mareno.
Owing to the extreme length of the
programme the first bout will be put
on at 8 o'clock. The advance sale of
seats has been large and the house
warming is sure to be well attended.
The card in full is as follows:
The San Francisco Athletic Club's
ten amateur boxing contests at Wood
ward's new arena to-night promise to
be the best seen in this city for some
time. Alex Greggains has made these
ten matches from the best amateur
talent available and the men are all
evenly matched.
The larger portion of them have
emerged from various championship
contests with flying colors and they
are rated the cream of the amateur
scrappers.
Ten Promising Bouts Are on the Card
To-Night for Decision — Greg
gains Will Referee.
Robert Winter, alias Robert John,
was arrested, yesterday at the instiga
tion of Postofflce Inspector James
O'Connell and • arraigned before the
United States Court Commissioner on
a charge of using the United States
mails to defraud Mark T. Fisher. 1205
Octavia street.
Fisher presents a letter which Winter
is alleged to have written him on March
9 in which the latter agrees to give
Fisher a position at home on a guar
anteed salary of $10 a week, with the
understanding that Fisher was to send
$1 in coin, in addition to 25 cents in
postage stamps which he had already
forwarded. It is the opinion of In
spector O'Connell that Winter has been
running a bunko game through the
United States mails.
Robert Winter Will Be Prosecuted by
Inspector O'Connell for Trying
to Bunko Unwary.
AMATEUR BOXERS WILL OPEN
NEW WOODWARD'S PAVDL.ION
CHARGED WITH USING
THE MAILS TO DEFRAUD
Mrs. Caroline G. Gregorinson, whose
husband has a liquor store at 818 Third
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest
of George Ostrand on a charge of bat
tery. She said that Ostrand owed Cap
tain Eastwald of the ship Viking some
money and Ostrand had. given East
wald some books as ' security, which
Eastwald had lef£ with her husband.
While she was alone in the store on
Wednesday Ostrand entered and asked
her for the books and when she re
fused to deliver them he, she alleges,
grabbed her by the throat and choked
*her. . . . /
Says She Was Choked.
Roll* Wells vs. Rose of Gold: Viking vs.
Toung Klaroatb; Frisky Boy vs. Presidio Boy
Full Moon ve. Imperious; Silver Cloud vs'
Jigxmoroo; Gambit vs. Van Alba; Rector vs
Rolling Boer; Sofala vs. Queen's Motto; Or
*ina vs. Maid of the Glen; Toronto \-s. Luxury
Royal Friend v». Fenll; Jerry Wright vs. Wat
tlee; Tokawan vs. Little Plunger; Lily York
vf. Spotless Beauty; Reckless Acrobat v«. Tra
lee Lass; Golden Links vs. Una; Fairy Belle
v«. Equator; Haddington vs. Barefoot Boy
<-.re*wick vs. Doc Burns; Van Jfora vs Belfast-
Idaho Boy v«. Aurelia; T^llowtail vs. Concord
Hoy; Clover Bloseom vs. Firm Fellow; Prome
theus vi. Apple Blossom: Commercial Traveler
ve. Flower cf Kerry; Colored Lady vs. Sacra
mento Boy; Hhadow vs. Princess Savoy; Here
dine vs. Irollus; Lulu Girl vs. Empire Boy
Whit* Stockings vfc. Money Muek; Fox Hunter
vs. glievenamon; Conroy vs. Young Johnnie
Rex; Our Minnie vs. Lady Dorritt; Cosette vs
J E H; Ragged Actor ve. Bonnie Pasha; Rusty
Ax vs. Young Fearless; Real Duchess vs Mer
ry Go Hound; Brown Belle vs. Medley Don
Pedro vs. LUtle Mercy; Mountain Light vs
Balendino; Joo p£j=ha vs. Pepper Hill- Lord
<;renard vs. Ouida; Mark Twain vs. Nellie
Wise; Vinn vs. Our Motto; Homer Boy vf
Kotitenoy; Texa« Hoo Hoo v*. Krishna; Little
Lucy vs. Intruder; Crawford Belle vs. Cluster
Ninety-six greyhounds are entered
In the coursing stake to be decided to
morrow and Sunday at Ingleside Park.
The draw last night at Pythian Cas
tle resulted as follows:
and Sunday and Close Trials
Are Expected.
Meeting Will Extend Over Saturday
NINETY-SIX GREYHOUNDS
IN INGLESIDE PARK STAKE
Father Ward of Children.
Nellie. A. Darling and • Frank E.
WJright, children of M. J. "Wright, for
mer Surveyor General of this State,
were yesterday appointed guardian of
the person and estate of their father,
who, the court found, because of ill
ness, is unable to manage himself or
his property. The court fixed th*
bonds of Wright and his sister at $50,
000 each, the estate of their father be
ing worth, It is estimated, more than
$60,000.
FRESNO, March 17. — In the most
sensational game of baseball ever
seen on a diamond here the Chicago
nine defeated the Tacoma team this
afternoon by a score of 4 to 0. The
game lasted thirteen innings and all
of the runs were made when Knell
was put in the box, The pitching of
Keefe for Tacoma was the feature of
the day. He allowed Chicago only
two hits and struck out Chance, the
Chicago man, twice in the seven in
nings he was in the box. Three thou
sand people witnessed the great game.
Both teams will play to-morrow and
Overall will go in the box for Tacoma.
Score:
R. H. E.
Tacoma 0 6 1
Chicago 4 9 '<>
Batteries: Tacoma— St. Vrain. Keefe,
Knell, Graham and Hogan; Chicago^—
Weimer, Brown, Lundgren, Corridon
and O'Neill. Umpire. Burleigh.
Thirteen Innings Are Played on the
Fresno Diamond Before a Large
Attendance.
CHICAGO DEFEATS TACOMA
IN A SENSATIONAL GAME
Customs Collector Stratton has com
pleted his investigation in the matter
of complaints made by Importers to the
effect that the managers of the South
End bonded warehouse had been mak
ing overcharges for goods stored there.
He finds that that warehouse has not
infringed any of the Government rules
or regulations and has not been guilty
of overcharging.
The Collector has still under consid
eration the matter of radically chang
ing the system of storing unclaimed
goods arriving from abroad and not
immediately claimed by the importer
or owner.
The Collector has granted the appli
cation of R. P. Schwerin to have Ori
ental warehouses Nos. 1 and 2 placed
under bond as a United States Govern
ment bonded warehouse. This is situ
ated 100 feet south of the southwest
corner of First and Brannan streets,
and is 125 feet front by 225 feet in depth.
Part of the premises had been used by
the Haslett "Warehouse Company under
the name of the Oriental' warehouse.
The new quarters will have more than
double the capacity of the old ones.
R. P. Sehwerin's Application for New
Bonded Government Warehouse
Is Granted by Department.
Charles Limamotti, at one time a
prosperous ladies' tailor, was found In
bed . in the Salvation Army lodging
house at 629 Clay street yesterday
morning with his throat cut. The
man'was removed to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where the wound was
sewed up. The reason assigned by
Limamotti for attempting to take his
life is that he was tired of life and
considered himself . better dead. He
will probably recover.
Martin Plager, a soldier stationed
at the Presidio, was found by Patrol
man W. A. Meagher of the Xorth End
station in the brush near the athletic
grounds with his throat cut. When
discovered the wounded man was
nearly dead from loss of. blood. He
was conveyed to the General Hospital
at the Presidio, where his wound was
dressed. Despondency caused him to
make the attempt on his life.
Two unfortunates, believing that a
further battle against adversity would
prove futile, yesterday endeavored by
the use of knives to cut short their
existence.
Charles TJmamotti and Valentino Pla
ger Are Found With Their
Throats Cut. «
Fourth race, six furlongs. St. Patrick's
handicap— De Reszke won Frank Bell second.
Roue third. Time, 1:13 1-5.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Macbeth won. - Mauser second, Deerhunter
third. Time. 1:50.
Sixth race, one and a half mil*? — Bourke
Cockran won, Lou Woods eecond. Midshipman
third. Time. .
Third race, half a mile — Stella Allen won.
Delavan second. Golden Flour third. Time,
:48 3-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Tommy Foster
won Hemlock cecond. Lady Contrary third.
Time. 1:14 1-5.
First race, one and an eighth miles — Rain
lake won. The Brown Monarch second. Triple
Silver third. Time. 1:55.
NEW ORLEANS. March 17.— Crescent City
summary:
New Orleans Race Results.
SOUTH END WAREHOUSE
ACQUITTED OF CHARGES
TWO UNFORTUNATES, TIRED
OP LIFE, ATTEMPT SUICIDE
Fourth race, six furlongs. St. Patrick's
handicap— Sylvia Talbot won. Never Fret sec
ond. Orleans third. Time, 1:16%.
Fifth race, one and a half miles. Hot Springs
hurdle handicap— Cardigan wan. Accolade sec
ond. Broadway third Time, S:C9.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Welcome Light
won Bugle Horn second Sister Lillian third,
rime, 2:01%.
Seventh race, one mile, selling — Ralph Young
won. Caithness second, Benton third. Time.
1:45%.
First race, six furlongs, selling — Dollnda
won. Dean Lee. second Tribune third. Time,
1:10%.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Sweet
Dream won Zella Knight second. Back Num
ber third. Time, 1:18%. "
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Maverick
won., Anzeiger second Sly Boots third.. Time.
1:17. * .
HOT SPRINGS, Ark.. March 17.— Essex
Park results:
Racing at Hot Springs.
The members of the Free Speech
League will gather at the Alhambra
Theater next Sunday afternoon and
discuss the topic of free public speech.
The cloakmakers have complained
to the Labor Council that their em
ployers have violated their contracts
in many instances and fail to live up
to the recent agreement.
The existing difficulty between the
steamship engineers and the owners
of the steam schooners is still un
changed and a large fleet of lumber
craft lies in the stream waiting the
; settlement of tho strike. There is no
prospect of an early arbitration, as
both sides are stubborn and refuse to
yield a point.
Because of the lockout of the locals
of the International Seaman's Union in
the East, the local Sailors* Union do
nated $5000 at Its last meeting to aid
their brethren in the Atlantic seaports.
The crew of the wrecked steamer Ful
ton were given what la known as ship
wreck benefit.
The secretary reported twenty-six
steam schooners laid up because of the
trouble between the engineers and the
owners of these vessels over the over
time disagreement. Ed Rosenberg,
late secretary of the Labor Council,
was elected general organizer for the
Seamen's Union.
Laborers' Protective Union No. 8944,
after Initiating thirty-three candidates,
appointed the following a committee
on the coming picnic: A. F. Diss
mayer, C. M. Erickson, John H. Welde
mann, John Murphy, Patrick Tierney,
E. J. Deaver, Michael Gleason, T. Gil
chrlst and Peter T..Kelley.
The following rules were passed by
the District Council of Carpenters at
the last meeting: In future $4 a day
is to be the wage limit and no increase
will be tclerated over this schedule.
One more rule was added, which Is
that two hours' leave from work must
be granted from 3 to 5 p. m. on elec
tion days, with pay. There are three
holidays in the year which if any
work is performed must be paid for at
double price. These rules will be sub
mitted to each union in the council for
approval.
With the object of patching tip the
trouble now existing In Union No. 13
of the International Brotherhood of
Painters, Decorators and Paperhaog
ers. Vice President J. C. Skemp has
been sent out from the East to try and
bring the two elements together.
Should he succeed in this lie will con
sider his mission a decided victory, as
there is at the present time a bitter
feeling existing between the two
bodies.
The trouble between the Canmakers*
Union and the American Can Company
is still in an unsettled condition. The
union has placed its grievance in the
hands of the executive committee of
the Labor Council.
Herman May, secretary of the
Butchers' Union, reports that every
thing is running smoothly with the
butchers and that the union is In a
flourishing condition.
The stablemen want another in
crease in wages. It is expected that
the union will soon ask the employ
ers to increase their wages from $15
to $18 50 a week, with a twelve-hour
working day.
Stablemen Want an Increase of Three
Dollars and a Half a Week Over
Present Wages.
STRIKE OF STEAMSHIP
ENGINEERS IS UNCHANGED
OAKIAHD RACETRACK THURSDAY, Mar. 17. — Weather rainy. Track sloppy.
6374. FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index » Horse and Owner. Wt St. H. ft. %,'. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C340 Dusty Miller, 3 (Sheridan) .. ~96 23h lh lhl%12 Travers ... 7-2 6
C3U Gateway, 3 (T. W Lottridge) S9 5 61 5 14 4 y, 2 % 2 2 Crosswalte 2 7-2
«33S Lady Atheling, 3 <j a Kyle) 84 852 4h 52 33 3% Greenfield . 6 6
C362 Paet Master. 4 (McAlester) . . 103 6 72 62 66 6%46 I. Powell... 6 5
5458 H. P. Cane 4 ( J Green) 96 7 4^2^23 4%5% Vandrbout 15 .12
Cm Rene. 4 (Lamasney Bros.).... 04 48 8 7h7%62 Watson ... 7 10
C328 Elmer L, 6 (Klunder & B.).. 110 3 2 1%7 6 3 h 5 % 7 15 McHannon B 13-2
5108 Bob Palmer, 6 (J J Coalter) 103 11h338 8 8 Frowen ... 30 60
6.'!40 Harka. 3 (Wentworth & Lee) 89 Left ... Knapp 10 15
Time— :26. :51}£. 1:18^4 1:47 At post '.$ minute. Off at 2:12%. Miller, place. 5-2; show,
1. Gateway. . place. 7-5; show, 7-10. Atheling. show. 6-5. "Winner, b. c. by Montana -
What . Not. Trained by P Sheridan Scratched — Edra. Start good for all except Harka.
Won handily. Next three driving.' Gateway is a slow beginner and Travers on win
ner outflnished Croaswaite. ' Lady Atheling ran her race. Past Master no excuses.
H. P. Cane quit in the stretch. Elmer L ran a poor race^ .„-.,-,.-,,-,.-,.-, .j^^^
6375. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling-; 2-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and OwnerT^ Wt St. U, . %. *J". Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6339 Light of Day (Mrs Coftey)..104 6 ...... 42 5 >,i 1 % Buxton 6-2 2
62C7 Hooligan (D. > 8 Fountain) .. 98 B ...... 82 62 2h Vandrbout 5 6
6330 Marie J (M. Jones) 109 2 ... ... lh.UJBl J. T. Shehn 3-2 5-2
•5787 Plrella (Mrs. C. E2 Miller)... 105 1 ... ... 3 2 2 % 4 2 Mountain .. 10 12
C315 San Joae (Summers & Co-).. 106 4 ... /.. 5 1-4 4 2 5 3 J. Martin.. 6 7
6351 Abba (Alhambra Stable) 06 7' ... ... 2h31 66 Travera ... 20 20
Sileot (El Prlmero Stable).... 112 3 7 7 7 Tullett 25 100
Time — :25H. :62. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 2:41. Day. place. 7-10; show, 1-4. Hooligan,
place, 5-2; show. 1. Marie, show. 1-2. Winner, b. t. by Bright Phoebus-Lux. Trained
by J. Coffey. Start good. Won first four driving. Buxton on winner picked the best
going. : Hooligan would have won with a stronger rider up. Sheehan on Marie J picked
the worst going and drew his whip at head of stretch when two lengths in front.
Plrelia pocketed on rail.- Abba shewed ipee<3. »Los Angrelea index 6200.
6370. THIRD RACE — One. mile: selling; 8-year-olds and up; value to first, $323.
Index Horse and Owner. WtSt. %. '%. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
631D Searcher. 6 (O. P Romlgh).. 107 8 86 72 72 8%16 Holbrook .. 8 7-2
C314 Northwest, 3 (Clifford & Co.) 94 4 71 61 8%lh 22 Connell 8 15
63G2 Tamm. 4 (G. Edison) 107 6 B % 4 % 2h 2 «4 3 n> J, T, Shehn 10 7
6352 Rio Shannon a (Mrs Coffey) 106 S 41 52 61 01 4h J. Martin.. 3 9-2
C314 Hogarth, -3 (P. J. Carmody).. 94 7 2h 22 41 4^62 J Jones B 7
6281 Nllgar. a (S. A. Lelser) 101 1 12 11.12 6.1 62 Bonner 10 12
6319 W.. Overton. 4 (Knebellcamp) 9S 9 9 9 8 4 7 H>7 h McBrld* ..12 10
625G Cherries, a (Soule & Fuller). 102 2 3 3 3 1 6 % 8 1 '8 12 Knapp 6 10
6482 The Scot, a (Walz & Co.)... 105 663819 9 9 Mountain .. 20 40
Time — :2f>'^, :52%. 1:18%. 1:47%. At post 3% minute*. Off at 3:06%. Searcher, place.
7-5; show, 7-10. Northwest, place. 7: ehow. 7-2. Tamm, show, 7-5. Winner, ch. g.
by Hindoo-Queen Regent. Trained by .1. Stewart. Scratched — Assessment. Start poor.
Won pulling up. Next- four driving. Searcher pounds . the' best/ Northwest did better
.over a distance. . Rio Shannon -lacked speed. Hogarth • quit - early. Nllgar had some
early' spfed. -Watklns Overton refused to break. Too far for Cherries.
6.177. FOURTH RACE — One, mils and 100 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wrist. .% . V, . *i • Str. Fin. Jockey. Op] cT.
C552 The Fretter a (F O'Rourke). 107 641 48 2H22 lh Travers ... 8 4
C2C9 Pat Morrlasey a '(.I. Ryan).. 106 1 2 1 1 h 1 1 1 H 2 10 Holbrook .. 8-2 6-5
• Moor 5 (V. Gilbert).... 104 56 fl 6 B%31 Buxton .... 15 20
6353 David S, 6 (W L Stanfleld). 109 3Tt&28 34 8 3 42 J. T. Shehn 8 7-2
6T.41 Illowaho, 5 (H Stover) 112 2 313 1424565 See 6 9
6281 Arthur Ray, 5 (J. T>. Clayton) 112 45854636 6 Haack 10 20
Time — :27%. :63i^. 1:191,6. 1:46%. 1:53. At post V, minute. Off at 3:28%. Fretter. place,
1; show, 9-20. Pat, place. 9-20; show, out. Moor. show. 2. Winner, ch. h. by Brutus-
Nerva. Trained by A. C. Rirtey. Start good. Won first four driving. The Fretter re
ceived vigorous handling to-day and showed decided Improvement. At the end Travers
outrode Holbrook on Pat Morrlssey. David S tossed it up early. Illowaho won't do in
sloppy going. 'Los Angeles Index 6309.
037S. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 4-year-olda and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt|St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
0341 Lady Kent, a (J. Ryan) 105 8 ..."41 41 3 % 1 V, Holbrook .. 8 0^2
•54r.2 (Toto Gratiot 4 (Baron & Wlk) 110 1 ... 8 Vj .1 1 2 *$ 2 2 Mountain ..4 8
C245 ICloche d'Or 4 (A Conrad).. 106 6 ... 7 7 7 3 % Knapp 8 8
(625i)!Skip Me. 6 (Madison & E.)..|10« 2 ... 1 h 2 V, 4 1 4 1 J Martin.. 6 7
6341 ISIlurian. 6 (Lamasney Bros.)|l02 4 ... 62 6h 51 52 Travers ... 2 11-5
(C52C)lBatldor, 4 (W. P. Fine) 107 7 ... 2 H 1 h 1 h 6 1 McHannon 10 80
6342 iPruewood. 6 (J. J. McAlester) 108 5... 63 62 617 I, Powell... 10 15
Tiro* — :25U. :50%. 1:17%. At post 3% minutes. Off at 3:57. Kent, place, 9-10: show,
9-20. Gratlot. place. 3; show. 8-5. Cloche, show. 6-5. Winner br. m. by Helicon-
Lelta Kent. Trained by G. Wentworth. Start good. Won first five driving. Skip Me.
Toto Gratiot and Batldor bad a hot time racing out In front. Lady Kent then dropped
along on the inside and cleaned up. Silurian would have won !f not cut off twice in
the stretch. »Los Angeles index 6325.
637S). SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; puree; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. . %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! cT
(6135) Hag<rdon:-a (H. 1>.> Frank).. 11» 1 ... 11 12 1112 J Martin.. 2 9^5
6354 Albula, 0 (Lamasney Bros.). 113 3 ... 4h82 2HZ8 J Daly.... 4 4
Kir,-, Dal5y Green 4 (Follansbee). 105 6 ...82 2h 82 8ns Mountain ..4 6
6-155 Olympian 6 (J. F. Schorr).'. 113 4 ... 2^51 4^41 Bonner 6 6
(6355) Oronte, 4 (Piedmont Stable).. 114 2 ... 6 h 4^52 6 10 Otis B 8
•5441 Geheimness, 4 (Schreiber) . . . . 106 6 ... 0 . -6 6 6 Knapp .... 15 50
Time — :25>4. :5\%. l:10Vi. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:25. Hagerdon. place. 7-10; show,
1-3. Albula. place. 3-2: show, 1-2. Green, show, 3-5. Winner, b. g. by Esher-Lady
Richmond Trained by D. Cameron. Scratched — Royal Rogue. Yellow' Tall. Start good.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, away sailing, tow-roped hla field. Al
bula ran his race. Dalay Green In twwest going. Too much weight on Oronte. Ge
heimness no account. •Los Angeles index 6044.
The indications yesterday were that
the opening betting on the fight will
be 10 to 7. with Corbett favorite. The
volume of money wagered will quickly
determine what will be the prevailing
odds. The Bale of seats commences this
morning at Harry Corbett's. The prices
range from 520 for the ringside boxes
to $2 in the gallery.
Britt receives his lesson daily after
he has completed his physical labors.
Yesterday Jimmy went through his
usual routine in his gymnasium. He is
e waiting the arrival of next week,
which will see the end of his dally
training grind. Britt will on next Mon
day commence to take off weight and
¦will gradually get down to the 130
pound notch.
As the days go by Jimmy Britt is
paying close attention to the advice
piven him by Spider Kelly, his trainer,
and the little fighter now knows in de
tail how his mentor would fight the
battle if he were to go up against
Young Corbett. Kelly's advice and
¦wisdom on affairs pertaining to the ring
are accepted as valuable by all who
are interested in the doings of fighters
when in action.
Corbett boxed two more rounds
with of the boys, but after the
little knockdown incident neither was
anxious to get in and do any more
mixing. Corbett worked up a good
jtersplration and ( was fresh and
healthy looking after getting his final
rubdown.
Then Monte Attell relieved him and
Corbett allowed the latter to punch
him good and hard. Attell seemed
afraid of those hard ones to the jaw
and always retired to a respectful
distance as soon as he landed a punch.
Then Bobby came up for the second
round, willing to mix it. He started
rfter the champion as though he were
anxious to earn the title himself. They
¦were mixing it rapidly and Bobby was
endeavoring to break away from a
clinch when suddenly Corbett shot
over a left and down went Johnson.
He was about all in, but came up and
then Harry Tuthill and Tim McGrath
stopped the bout on the spot. The
little incident created a furor of ex
citement in the gym, for it looked like
the real article for b moment. Cor
bett used big pillows of gloves, which
means he is hitting a :300 clip.
After his rub down Corbett went to
luncheon and then enjoyed Ms rest
Just as much as ever. Soon after
luncheon Casey, the piper, arrived and
played a few tunes In honor of the
immortal St. Patrick. This put Cor
bett in good humor for work and
when he finally got ready for the af
ternoon stunt in the gymnasium he
felt ready for any emergency.
After the preliminary tussle with
the weight machine and a few busy
minutes with the swinging bag and
the punching bag. the little fellow was
in prime condition for a few hot
rounds. He started in with Bobby
Johnson and the youngster set a hot
pace for the first round.
He ate so much yesterday morning
that he could not make fast headway
in the mud for a few miles. But that
did not bother him at all. When he
«ot started he made up for lost time
«nd fairly spun over the muddy ex
panse and back to the tavern.
They are becoming so accustomed
to the juicy weather out at Corbetfs
training quarters that they do not ex
pect anything else. When the champ
awakens from his slumbers and sees
the drops escaping from the heavens
he Just goes and disposes of an extra
quantity of breakfast and then starts
out on the road.
Gecond class — E. P. Finnegan t». Herbert
Long; Marius Hotchklss vs. Norman Ambrose:
A. Brabant vs. W. O. Finch; F. N. Baker
vs. E. M. Otis; C. Foley v». S. C. Gaynew.
George Janes vs. Miller Hotchkiss; Horace
Mann vs. C. O. Kuehn; Raymond Clinch a by*.
Third class, preliminary round — A. Gott vu.
E. M. Lenion.
First round — R. I>rolla vs. L. C. Bozarth;
E. H. Wheeler vs. H. Gabriel; H. Medcraft v».
B. McFarland: A. McFarland a bye; J. M.
Baker vs. J. F. Brady; F. C. Adams v». Guy
Lytton; R. Parr vs. E. McDuffy; C. Skaggs
vs. J. R. Lewis.
With Brabant up in the second class
the third class has an open look.
Gabriel and Drolla did well In the last
tourney and one of them should carry
off the honors.
The drawing resulted as follows:
The drawing for the second and third
classes of the class singles tennis tour
nament to be played at Golden Gate
Park on Sunday was held last night.
Fifteen players entered the second class
and seventeen the third class. The
players In the second class are evenly
matched and some exciting games are
expected. In the third class a few «f
the players are considerably better than
the remainder, and the matches will
probably not prove close in most case*.
N. Ambrose was the winner of the
second class last time, but he will hare
a hard struggle beating men like Baker.
Janes and Brabant. The last namtd
won the third class cup in the last tour
ney. Although he did not win easily ha
has shown enough improvement slnoa
to warrant putting him In the second
class. Neil Baker Is one of the clever
est players in this class, and many piok
him to win.
Three-eiehths mile — Won by R. and W. A.
McCreery*B Mamie (W. A. McCreery), W. E.
Pedley"6 Queen Rucker <F. D. Hudson) sec
ond, R. Spreckels' Fretful (R. M. Tobin)
third. Time, :3C»;. Pat also started.
Three-clxteenths of a mile — Won by Rudolph
FpreckelB 1 Maud H (F. Skinner), F. J. Caro
lan's Floradora (J. Clagstone) second, John
Parrott's Par-a-Chat (R. M. Tobin) third.
Time, 18 seconds. Only starters.
Five-eighths mile — Won by W. E. Pediey's
Carlotta (F. D. Hudson), L. ilcCreery's Lucy
Glitters (C. Kaoul-Duval) second, Rudolph
Spreckels' Lotrix (F. Skinner) third. Time,
1 :0T. Cacahaute also started.
Three hundred yardn — Won by W. A. Mc
ry's Jim (K. M. Tobin), W. A. McCreery's
Prince (W. A. McCreery) pecond, F. J. Caro
lan'g Romulus (P. Clapstone) third. Time,
17 peconds. Only starters.
Quarter mile— Won by Rudolph Spreckels'
Becky (Frank Skinner), W. A. McCreery's
Sunset tW. A. McCreery) Fecond. Time, 24
seconds. Only starters.
Three-eighths of a mile — Won by Rudolph
Spreckels' Peghome (R. M. Tobin). W. K. Ped
ley's Queen Kucker <F. D. Hudson) second, F.
J Grace's Maudte Swift (W. A. McCreery)
third. Time, 37 \i eeconda. Althomer also
started.
Walter McCreery's Mamie proved the
class of the last race and won easily
from Queen Rucker.
The time in every race was fast, espe
cially for a heavy track and with from
155 to 17D pounds in the saddle.
Thomas H. Williams as presiding
Judge, Charles D. Jeffries as starter,
Robert Leighton as clerk of the scales
and the stewards performed their du
ties as well as the officials on the big
tracks could do.
SUMMARY.
Lucy Glitters was fractious at the
post in the flve-eighths-mtle race and
spoiled her chances. Carlotta, a South
ern California mare, won handily.
Lotrix ran out through the stretch and
would not try.
Mr. Tobin landed W. A. McCreery's
Jim first at the wire in the 200-yard
race for polo ponies. Mr. McCreery fin
ished second on his pony Prince.'
Mr. Skinner was again In evidence in
the fourth race, his vigorous urging of
Mr. Spreckels' thirteen-and-a-half-hand
pony Maud H landing the latter a win
ner. Paul Clagstone was a close second
on F. J. Carolan's Floradora.
I^OTRIX RUNS OUT.
The outcome of the affair yesterday
was that President Thomas H. Wil
liams of the New California Jockey
Club offered a $400 trophy for a match
race to be run at Oakland on Saturday
week if the track be fast. The distance
will be a quarter of a mile. Paul Clag
stone's Miss Miller will also start. Each
pony will carry a professional jockey
and 115 pounds.
R. M. Tobin, sporting the cerise, green
fleur-de-lis of Rudolph Spreckels, pilot
ed Peghome to victory in the first race.
He won easily by a length and a half
from Queen Rucker, the Southern Cali
fornia pony.
Frank Skinner on Mr. Spreckels'
Becky won the second race cleverly by
half a length from Sunset, ridden by
W. A. McCreery.
THREE IX MATCH RACE.
The races of the California Polo and
Pony Racing Association at Tanforan
racecourse yesterday proved a sporting
surprise despite the unpropitious weath
er conditions. The attendance was lim
ited to the enthusiasts, and the driving
rain could not dampen their ardor.
The riding honors of the day were
shared by R. M. Tobin and Frank Skin
ner, each piloting two winners. Of the
owners Rudolph Spreckels proved the
most successful, three of his ponies fin
ishing In front.
The real disappointment of the day
was the failure of W. S. Hobart to start
his great pony Silver Dick. The cham
pion quarter-horse was at the track
and was fit to race, but his owner took
exception to Frank Skinner, who was
carded to ride Rudolph Spreckels'
Becky, the most dangerous rival to Sil
ver Dick. The illness of Lawrence Mc-
Creery, who rode Silver Dick at Mon
terey, deprived Mr. Hobart of his valu
able services. Mr. Hobart's objection
to Mr. Skinner was a purely personal
one and dates back some years to a
time when they were the best two race"
riders of the coast among the gentlemen
sportsmen. There was a dispute over a
cup race and the breach was never
healed.
Clever King General Shows
Californian Few Tactics
That Are Expected to Win
Thirty-Two in All Are En
tered in Competition That
Is to Be Held in Public
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yarda, sell
ing— llerwan, 105 (Johnson), 10 to 1, won:
Phyz, OS Lawrence), 5 to 2. second: Sherry,
105 (Prior), 6 to 1, third. Time. 1:47%- Inns
bruck. Autumn Time, Dug Martin, Walter H,
Th» Covenanter and Inausrurator also ran.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selllnar — Durbar. 90
(Lewis). 4 to 1, won: J. V. Kirby, 106 (Kelly).
Its to 5. Beconcl; Eugenie B, 94 (Feicht). 11 to
10, third. Time, 1:15. Neko and Huapala
al3o ran.
First race, three and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-olds, purse — -Hersian, 10O (Booker).
1 to 3, won; Devon B. 10O (Felcht). 10 to 1.
«eeond; Auro, 103 (Slnnott) 15 to 1, third.
Time, :M%. Buckster Hodl also ran.
Second race, Slauson course, selling — Mac-
Flecknce. 105 (Lewis), 11 to 5, won; Jim Gore
II, 105 (Prior), 3 to 1, second: James J.'Cor
bett. 108 (Felcht), 3 to 1, third. Time. 1:12V».
Judge N acton, Harry B S. Xat Goodwin,
Louise Mfinine and Landseer also ran.
Third race, Slauson coarse, selling — Agnes
Mack, 105 (Prior). 30 to 1. won; Thisbe, 108
(Lewis), 7 to 2, second: Xona B. 108 (Hender
son), i'5 to 1, third. Time, 1:12. Sir Chris
topher, Laura F M, Cazador, Cardwellton,
Lustig and SklrmiJh also ran.
Fourth race, one mile, St. Patrick's handi
cap — Nitrate, 101 (Jackson), 9 to 20. won; El
wood, 07 (Booker), coupled with Nitrate, sec
ond; Foncasta. S5 (Lewis), 10 to 1, third. Time,
1:42. C. B. CamDbell also ran.
LOS ANGELES, March 17.— This was
ladies' day, and an immense crowd at
tended Ascot to-day and saw an at
tractive programme of races run oft.
Agnes Mack, against which as good as
50 to 1 was laid in the books, ran as if
the occasion had given her inspiration
and won the third race over the Slau
son course by half a length from
Thisbe, the favorite. Nona B was third.
The first race went to Hersian, the 1
to 3 favorite, which won by a neck
from Devon B, with Auro third.
MacFlecknoe came to life at last
and won the second race from Jim
Gore II, with James J. Corbett third.
Nitrate took the mile handicap from
Elwood, Foncasta finishing third. Ni
trate was played heavily and went to
the post at 9 to 20.
Durbar, at 4 to 1, outfooted her field
In the fifth event, at six furlongB, win
ning by three lengths from J. V. Klrby.
the second choice. Eugenie B. the fa
vorite, was third. Merwan, at 10 to 1,
won the last race from Phyz, the fa
vorite, with Sherry third.
Weather fine; track fast.
SUMMARY.
Is a Prohibitive Favorite
Over Elwood and Foncasta,
Which KunPlace and Show
3 — :
President Thomas H. "\yil
lianis Offers Valuable Tro
phy for Matcti at Oakland
Holbrook and Travers divided the
honors, each piloting two winners.
The great four-mile Thornton stake
will be decided to-morrow.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; Belling::
6171 My Surprise (Mpunce) 100
5186 'Tom Mitchell (McNeil) 10t
6234 Florlnel II (Hoas) 109
t;2S0 Dr. Sherman (White) 109
C360 *Amasa (Rowley) J04
C234 Impromptu (Painter) 107
6305 'Benlash (Jeuness) : 104
63G0 'Amoruna (McGulre) ...... 97
63«6 Bell Reed (Stanfleld) ....104
Clfil Penzance (Stover) 102
G338 Cassie W (JJealon) 107
6338 'Pure Dale (Thomas & Reavey) 102
Second race — Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; purse:
Lady Blanton (Hayes) 104
Blanton-IUturco.
6331 Saccharate (Napa Stock Farm) 107.
6255 Lady Nlnora (Harris) 104
6351 Mlzpah (Summers) 107
6787 Plrella (Miller) .107
• 6255 Anaurus (Ryan) 104
6330 Senator Poyntz (Fitzgerald) 107
C315 Escobosa (Stewart) 107
Third race — Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up; gelling:
(6340)»Salto (Fountain) 102
6162 'Harbor (Rowell) .107
C2$0 'Mendota (Napa Stock Farm) 100
6100 Saul of Tarsus (Walz) 123
6364 Criss Cross (Hayes) .121
<G302)»Hoceo (Photo Stable) 102
6575 Thank Haven (Clark) 105
4517 'Duke of Richelieu (Gottung) 118
6340 Resigned (Macdonald) .105
5S03 Harry Thatcher (Hastings) 125
(6327)*Foxy Grandpa (Coffey) 105
Fourth race — One mile and fifty yards; four
year-olds and up; selling:: (
6341 *Boutonnlere (F. Jones) '.....102
. 6306 Polonius (Stewart) .110
6367 »Idoro (McCafferty) ...102
6244 Rim Rock (Jones & Co.). .............105
6376 Rio Shannon (Coffey)..... 105
6352 Mr. Dingle (Tlerney) ...110
Fifth race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; 'Belling:
6354 'Muresca (Miller) ...105
6205 *Mimo (Sheridan) ...104
6124 'Colonel Van (Fountain)..... 107
6364 'Galanthus (Coffey) ....*. 107
6353 Reeves (Lamasney Bros.)-.. .........112
: 6330 'Whiskers (Wilson). 107
! | .:.'. Lozano (Leach) V. .......112
i 5378 Molto (Shannon). 101
Sixth race — One mile; three-year-olds; sell-
Ing: <
6302 'Jack Little (Fine) 1; 92
6353 *Anlrad (Coffey) .'... 00
6353 Hulford (Stover)... ... ................107
6271' Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) 10.1
6374 'Gateway (Lottridge) »2
•Apprentice allowance. ;
SAN ANGELO, Tex., March 17.— Fire 1 to
day l destroyed the San AnselO' Hotel, " the
First National Bank and.other business prop
«rtv to the value of < $200,000*
As events transpired Searcher showed
to be about an hour and thirty minutes
the best of the nine starters in the mile
selling affair. The old gelding closed a
mild favorite, moved toward the front
by degrees from eighth position and
then sauntered in first by half a dozen
lengths. Charley Connell rode a vigor
ous race on the 15 to 1 chance North
west, downing Tamm two lengths for
the place. Rio Shannon was fourth.
Probably the distance of the fifth
six furlongs— was a trifle too short for
the favorite, Silurian, but for all that
the Lamasney entry would have won
with any sort of fair racing luck. The
field of seven ran well bunched the en
tire route. Three-sixteenths from home,
as Travers was moving through the
bunch with Silurian, he was cut off.
Again, less than a furlong from the
wire, Martin, astride Skip Me, swerved
in front of him, compelling his complete
retirement. Lady Kent. 3% to 1 in the
ring and well ridden by Holbrook, dis
posed of the 8 to 1 shot Toto Gratlot
by half a length. "Big Bill" Knapp fin
ished third with Cloche d'Or.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Nothing would have been more ap
propriate than to see Pat Morrlssey
win the mile and 100 yard selling num
ber. Two-thirds of the handicappers
made the old fellow their triple X spe
cial, and 6 to 5 was the closing quota
tion. It looked powerful good for Pat
as he swung into the stretch first, but
age will tell. Below the paddock gate
Travers drove ujp with The Fretter,
and In a driving finish got the decision
by a head. Moor, an outsider, was
third.
Tommy Lottridge's Gateway, with
S9 pounds up, opened a pronounced
favorite for the opening mile run. Later
in the betting 3»£ to 1 could be had.
The winner turned up in Dusty Miller,
a 6 to 1 shot, on which Travers took
the lead on the back stretch and won
cleverly at the wire by a couple of
lengths. Crosswalte did not get away
any too well with Gateway, and then
took the place without much effort
from Lady Atheling.
If J. T. Sheehan had made less use
of his whip on Marie J in the two-year
old scramble-the filly might have been
returned a winner. Leading Abba into
the stretch by a couple of lengths,
Sheehan drew his persuader,, and In
doing so, of course, turned his mount's
head loose, finishing third. Light of
Day, backed down to favoritism under
a highly refined play and carefully rid
den by Buxton, led Hooligan out half
a length. The latter ran an excellent
race, and will soon be decorated with
a set of brackets.
SEARCHER IS BEST.
It rained cats and dogs; the down
pour made the grass on the lawns and
adjacent hills as green as green could
be; the band at Oakland track dis
coursed patriotic Irish airs yesterday,
the sons of Erin present backed ; Pat
Morrlssey off the boards to win his race
and The Pretter beat Pat out a head.
So the Russians and Japs are not alone
In their troubles.
Otherwise St. .Patrick's' day at the
races was no different from any other
day. The attendance was good despite
the inclemency of the weather and
three favorites paraded past the judges
first.
TheSt Patrick's day purse was re
served for the afterpiece, for which
there were six starters. Hagerdon
looked the natural favorite. His ad
mirers held their money off for a time
and the odds drifted back from 2 to 3.
Then a scramble was made to climb
aboard and the Frank sprinter went to
the post an 8 tp 5 chance. Jack Martin
got him away first and he made a cat
hop of It, beating Albula two open
lengths. Daisy Green nosed out Olym
pian for show honors.
PAT MORRISSEY FANCIED.
SILVER DICK DRAWN
ARE WELL MATCHED
£ELLY COACHES BRITT
HANDICAP TO NITRATE
Hagerdon First for
the St\ Patrick's
Day Purse.
With Pillows of Gloves He
Nearly Puts the Clever
. Boxer Out for the Count
Unpropitious Weather Fails
to Dampen the Ardor of
Enthusiasts in the Sport
Will Take Part in a Class
Singles Tournament That
Is to Be Played on Sunday
Odds in the Eing Against
the Winner Are as Good
as Fifty to One at Times
CORBETT DROPS
BOBBY JOHNSON
PONIES RACE
IN THE RAIN
PARK PLATERS
ON THE COURTS
THIS BE LOSES
TO AGNES MACK
PAT MORRISSEY HEAVILY PLAYED
IS BEATEN OUT BY THE FRETTER
HAPPENINGS AT THE RACECOURSES, IN THE PRIZERING AND THE FIELD
» ..•¦,¦¦¦¦¦-: ¦ i "t • ¦ L
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, -MARCH 18, 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10•, Heat that damp room with a» gas
heater from S. F.~Gas and Electric Co
415 Post. . • '
; /& vf Third ar.d Towneend "streeti 0 a. m -
every Tuesday and fiatuj-day. returning via
Alatneda 5:55 o. id. Round trip tickets. | n 
cludlnt 1 carricire drire at Stanford University,
J2 - Details at Southern Pacific Information
Bureau, €13 Market st. •
WIfcI--3nc Route Excursions
Rev. J. Stltt Wilson delivered an ad
dress in the Turk-street Temple last
nlRhC his subject being "The Anni
versary of the Paris Commune, March
18. 187L"
Speaks on Paris Commune.
United States District Judge d«4laven
yesterday impaneled the following
named citizens as a Federal- Grand
Jury for the March term:' J. a. Bergc
roti .William. Blackwell, J. C. Blair, W.
Dr Bliss, F. H. Clark, J. W. Curry, l!
Georges. W. J. Gray, Robert Halght,
John W. Heldt, John H.- Henn. Homer
S. King, Harry G. Miller, W. F. Mitch
ell, John Murphy, A. R. Patrick.' H. E.
Pennell, George T. Shaw, A. D. Shep
ard.T.E. Shucking, F. A. Teasland,
Joseph Winterburn and Arthur L.
Whitney, foreman-:
Federal Grand Jury Selected.
The road to wealth is rugged, but not
so difficult when one makes the right
kind of a start. Wealth, after all. Is a
competence to fill our wants, and the
surest way to it is by saving. You do
not have to wait until you have a lot of
money to open a savings account. You
can commence with one dollar with the
Phoenix Savings, B and L Assn, 616
California street. On ordinary ac
counts is paid 4% per cent """"and
on one-year terms on $100 or multiples
6 per cent, interest payable seml-annu
ally. Protection from loss Is absolutely
sruaranteed by a guarantee capital of
$200,000. Thfj subscribed capital is
$8,000,000; the paid-in capital, $1 000 000
The directors are: A. A. Watkins. Chas'
R. Bishop. S. Prcntiss Smith, Clarence
Grange, Gavin McNab, Geo. C. Board
man, C. E. Ladd. •
The Meaning of Wealth.
Emile Kruger, contractor at 111
Cook street, owed $100 to J. P. Leonard,
contractor at 346 Second avenue, and
when Kruger met Leonard on Point
Lobos , avenue the other day • Leonard
dunned for the money, -and said he
would give Kruger . twenty-four hours
to make settlement in full. Kruger
treated the suggestion scornfully, and
then' Leonard said he had heard it ru
mored : that Kruger intended to "do"
Leonard. To settle ' any - doubt that
might ; exist ', In Leonard's mind - as to
the : authenticity of that rumor Kruger
then and there ; did proceed to "do"
Leonard by < assaulting him. In the
court ; of Cabaniss; yesterday Leonard
did not seem eager " to have ; Kruger
punished for. batter^," arid ; Kruger, said
he', would r surely 'pay his<indebtedness
to Leonard^ within a reasonable > time."
So -the. case' was dismissed.
-*- .7 ; : f
free?" prompted Mogan. '
, "Sure, MI— that is, Judge," responded
William Carlisle. ;:-'
The tongue slip went unnoticed, and
William Went free.
W. Mosley Williams, . a prominent
attorney of Washington, D. C, has
written to Supreme Court Clerk Frank
Jordan, asking if the Judges of Cali
fornia, have adopted the new style of
wearing gowns while on the bench.
He states that there is ; considerable
agitation, in Washington In the:mat
ter, of the reas3umi)tion of gowns by
Judges.. Jordan has replied that the
style has not as yet reached this State.
Should Judges Wear Gowns?
An interesting programme was ar
ranged In honor of Miss Holllster, who
gave an account of .the work of.~th£
national body of the 'Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union, and also of
the State organizations, and told of
the 33.000 members and the millions
under their Influence.
Among those who assisted In the
entertainment were Miss Kate Flavel
and Miss Elizabeth Frye. both of
whom rendered vocal selections, ac-»
companied by Miss Nellie Flavel. •
There was a large gathering of
members of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union at the organiza
tion's rooms, 132 McAllister- street,
yesterday afternoon to welcome Miss
Louise E. Holllster^ one of the most
prominent organizers and lecturers of
the temperance movement.
Miss Hollister has just arrived from
Evanston. III., and after giving lec
tures in San Francisco for one week
will begin a two months' tour of the
State.
Miss Louise E. Holllster Is Entertained
by the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union.
VISITOR FRO3I ILLINOIS
GlVEX A RECEPTION
James Walters, who pleaded guilty in
Judge. Dunne's court to a . charge of
grand larceny, was sentenced yester
day to serve five years ip San Quentin.
On January 6, while a bellboy at the
Colonial Hotel,. Pine and Jones streets,
he stole a lot of valuable jewelry from
the rooms of Baron Louis von Herst.
He was arrested in Minneapolis, where
he had sold some of the stolen jewelry,
and was 'brought back to the city by
Detective Dlnan.
Thieving Bellboy Sentenced.
John .Huper; was seated , in reverie
in the reading-room of the Model lodg
ing-house, 737 Mission street, when he
was rudely disturbed by F. R. Renner, T
¦ After many hearings before Judge
Conlan the case of H. Schubach, ac
cused of feloniously obtaining $7500
from Metzger & Franklin, lottery
agepts, was sent to the Superior Court,
with the defendant's bond fixed at
$10,000.
It is alleged by the complainants
that Schubach systematically operated
to their pecuniary disadvantage by col
lecting cash prizes arawri in their little
lottery to which he 'was not ; entitled.
This he was enabled to do by_ having a
confederate at St. Louis who wired to
him the winning numbers" in the big
lottery before they were received by
the complainants. ,, Then, it is averred,
Schubach • stamped ,the numbers on
blank counterfeits of the tickets: sold
by the complainants and presented. the
bogus paper for payment. . It was thus
that he succeeded, on January . 22 last,
in getting the $7500 which heis now.acf
cused of obtaining by false pretenses.
. >• ¦ •-.¦«¦*
"If I ain't worth it I'll make you look
like it," was what Willard hurled in
*' • •
Martin owns a barber shop at 627
Clay street, and Willard went to work
for him, their alleged agreement being
that the employe was to receive as re
muneration for his services 50 per cent
net of all the moneys taken in. After
toiling a few hours Willard flaw that
business was not as good as it might
have been, and he suggested that his
share of the net income should be
raised to 60 per cent. To this Martin
filed a demurrer, whereupon Willard
seized all the checks which had been
intrusted to his keeping." This provoked
Martin to grasp a razor and threaten
to carve Willard if the checks were not
restored. Complaint by Willard and ar
rest of Martin.
"S.ixty cents, indeed!" exclaimed
Martin, gazing with great scorn at his
accuser. "You ain't worth 30 cents."
It was a wrangle over how the net
gate receipts should be divided between
them that had Isaac Martin and I. J.
Willard, tonsorial artists, before Judge
Mogan.
By ' those who know him well Gus
Silva is regarded as a felfow of infinite
jest, and they cheerfully allow him all
the license that is essential to the exer
cise of side-splitting waggery. But
every one does not know Gus and his
penchant for practical joking, and to
that fact was du£ his appearance yes
terday before Judge Mogan. on a charge
of assault filed by a gentleman named
Alves.
Gus, the testimony went to show, was
passing the intersection of California
and Davis streets when he saw Mr.
Alves holding a box # from which a horse
was eating oats.
Without a moment's hesitancy the
amusing fellow kicked over the box
and spilled its contents, whereupon
Mr. Alves picked up the recepta
cle and in a spirit of anger hurled it at
Gus. Although surprised at the way in
which his joke had been received, Gus
did not discard his mania for fun, but
playfully swatted Mr. Alves on the jaw
with such force as to knock him down.
"Gus, you certainly are a cut-up,"
said the court after the foregoing facts
had been unfolded,' "and all that seems
needed to firmly establish you as the
village joker is public appreciation of
your dominating irrfpulse. It is your
misfortune that this complainant, Mr.
Alves, did not possess th% sense of
humor that would have regarded your
assault upon him as a pract'^al joke,
and I almost blush to confess that I am
similarly afflicted. When you come up
here {b-morrow, Gus, I'll state how
long you are to remain in Jail."
.; It was payday ' for William Carlisle,
he . explained, , and if ; he had absorbed
less ;beer; he, would not, have purchased
a lottery ticket or had it in" his posses
sion. , V
"And you'll be good* if -I let you so
¦ Robert Organ, .vagrant, was drunk
and howling on Sacramento street when
the policeman arrested him.
;, "What kind of a howl was it—melod
ious or otherwise?'' Inquired Judge Mo
gan, addressing the officer..
"Sounded awful—like a' sick cat," was
the reply.
; " "Mr.; Organ,. I'll give you twenty-four
hours to get your pipes tuned," said
the Judge. .
• ¦ . ¦ • ; v •
St. Patrick's day was a bad day for
Japanese defendants in the court of
Conlan.
For stealing a purse containing $40
from Mrs. Yeimoko, who keeps an Ori
ental boarding-house at 416 Jessie
street, M. Nakimlshl was held to an
swer in the Superior Court, with bond
fixed. at $2000.
For passing a fictitious check for $50
upon a compatriot named T. Kokaso,
a genteel looking subject of the Mi
kado booked as Kezo Topazivivas re
manded to the higher 'court, his -bond
being fixed at $1000. The check in ques
tion was signed J. a. Goodman and
made payable to Hayo Mori, or bearer,
and .it bore the indorsement of'Topazli
who deposited it as security for $10
which he borrowed from Kokaso, and
subsequently . drew smaller sums
against it until his total borrowing,
amounted -to $40. Then the holder of
the paper bethought him of cashing
it at the bank, but there it was pro
nounced utterly 'worthless, as the • list
of depositors did not include the name
of . J. A.. Goodman, nor had such an
individual ever done business with the
institution.'. , •
Peter Neely, a soldier, was arrested
on complaint of a brother warrior who
charged him stealing $50 while
the twain were' dallying in the vicinity
of the Presidio gate. When the case
was called before Judge Mogan the
complainant declared that he dia not
desire to prosecute Peter, and made
such an earnest plea for dismissal of
his accusation that the court could not
resist It. The two comrades were arm
in arm as they marched from the trib
unal. ' : v---; ¦>-
i Walter W. Williams of 735 Brannan
street wandered north of the slot last
Wednesday evening and rambled until
fatigue o'ercame him and he sought
rest in an Eddy-street lodging-house of
questionable repute. While : asleep
there, he avers, Maggie Leslie stealth
ily entered his chamber and purloined
from his person a purse containing the
sum, of $55, with which she withdrew.
As soon as he discovered his loss Wil
liams informed Police Officer Hutchings
of it, and that shrewd person soon aft
erward arrested Miss Leslie and found
in her possession the missing purse.
It contained only $20, but the officer
ascertained that the woman had been
spending money with unwonted free
dom between the time of the robbery
and the time of her arrest. The case
will be disposed of to-day by Judge
Mogan.
an aged servitor of the establishment,
stumbling over his outstretched legs.
"Where are you a-fallin' to?" inquired
Mr. Huper.
"Why don't you tie knots in them
legs o" yourn?" was Mr. Renner's re
tort. : r V*.-|:'
In the scrimmage that ensued Mr.
Renner, it is alleged, struck Mr. Hu
per's head with a blunt instrument of
some kind, whereupon Mr. Huper re
treated and subsequently had Mr. Ren
ner arrested for battery. After hearing
both sides of the story. Judge Cabaniss
decided that the honors or combat and
prevarication were about evenly divid
ed as between Mr. Huper and Mr. Ren
ner,. and dismissed the case.
•A suit for divorce on the ground of
cruelty was filed by Hubert Dagneau
against Eugenie Dagneau for cruelty.
Decrees of divorce were granted to
Emil A. Engelberg from Annie L. En
gelber? for cruelty, Maud M. Francis
from Albert J. Francis for. neglect,
Bertha Lennen from Daniel S. Len
nen for neglect, Lizzie Magee from
John F. Magee for intemperance and
neglect, Marian McClellan from El
bert Hugh McClellan for cruelty and
Charles E. Brown from Jenny Brown
for desertion.
Judge Seawell also made an ord^r
granting Bessie a new trial
of the suit for annulment of marriage
brought against her by George Rosen
berg, father of H. Rosenberg, the
young man who married her with the
expectation of receiving a large dow
ry from her aunt, Mrs. Goldstein. The
marriage was annulled by Judge Sea
well some months ago, his order of
yesterday being made on the repre
sentation of the defendant that she
had neu r evidence.
Edward Clarke, the capitalist, must
support Rosalind Clarke, the "sweet
pea girl," perjding the determination
of his suit for the annulment bi the
marriage he claims he was entrapped
into by the young lady, who acquired
considerable notoriety when Durrant
was on trial for his life for mur
dering Blanche Lamont. He must
also give her the money to pay the
lawyers she has retained to defend
her against the charges made by himl
Judge Seawell yesterday made an or
der directing Clarke to pay her $100
forthwith and $1 00 on the first Mon
day of every month until the suit ia
determined, and 5500 for counsel
fees. The order concerning counsel
fees as made by the court is not pre
judicial to another application for
more money for a similar purpose.
Neither is the order of Judge Seawell
denying (Mrs. Clarke $500 for costs of
court prejudicial to a new application.
that has charge of the preliminary
work, said; yesterday that the com
mittee has decided to hold a meeting
early next week to consider by-laws
and a general plan for a better organ
ization than has so far been attained.
All commercial bodies, all social clubs
and organizations that wi?h to be rep
resented Will have the opportunity }o
select members of the new body. -viV
The executive branch of the present
committee favors giving the entire
community a chance to work, for the
common good. -According to present
expectations, Architect Burnham, Mr.
St. Gaudens and Mr. Mosby, landscape
artists, will visit San Francisco in May.
They will prepare plans which, it Is
hoped, will provide for the needs of
San Francisco in the matter of beau
titlcation architecturally and otherwise
for many years.
The committee has received a com
munication from Mrs. M. L. Lansing
Sr., making various suggestions that
are pleasing. Many other communica
tions have been received.
¦ Burnham is now in .Balti
more, where he is planning for the re
building of the burned area of the city
on lines of beauty and utility. ' Mr.
Harrison says that the executive com
mittee for San Francisco believes that
the Board of Supervisors will appro
priate the money that is needed for
the preliminary work in behalf of this
city. Probably the meeting to form a
great local organization will be held
next Wednesday in the rooms of the
Merchants'- Association.
In the work of providing for a more
beautiful San Francisco all organiza
tions and individuals having an Inter
est in the city will have a chance to
take part. William Greer Harrison,
a member of the executive committee
"In the Mexican consular service,"
said he, "the San Francisco port is
rated as very important, in that it Is
near the home office and has a high
standing In the commercial world. For
that reason mainly I feel proud that
I have been selected by our President
for the position that has recently been
vacated. President Diaz is a strong
believer in the United States and no
one in Mexico has a higher regard for
your citizens than he, a fact that he
has often demonstrated, as Americans
in Mexico will readily testify to. In
paying my farewell call en President
Diaz he referred to the friendship that
exists between Mexico and the United
States, and expressed a hope that I
would bear this fact In mind and in
every possible way strengthen the
bonds of good feelimj between the two
nations. It is my hope that I will suc
e'eed in this direction here and other
wise show by my official acts that con
fidence has been Justly reposed -in me
by our President."
Consul General Romero expects to
enter upon his duties in a few days, as
soon as he receives his exequatur from
Washington. He declined yesterday to
discuss the affairs of his predecessor.
He stated that he had been requested
to accept the local position by Presi
dent Diaz and hoped to perform his
duties in a manner that will not only
receive approval from his Government,
but the support of those of his country
men who live here.
Cayetano Romero, the newly ap
pointed Mexican Consul General to San
Francisco, arrived from the southern
republic yesterday and is registered
at the Occidental Hotel. Mr. Rcrmero
is a brother of the late Matias Ro
mero, at one 'time Mexican Minister
to Washington, and has himself served
In various capacities in the diplomatic
service, having been formerly Charge
d'Affaires at -Washington and later the
Mexican Minister to the republics of
Central America, with headquarters in
the city of Guatemala. He comes to
San Francisco as the successor of Ra
fael de Zayas Enriquez, who served
here only a few months and then hur
riedly departed from the city, leaving
anything but a favorable impression
¦behind him among the members of the
Mexican colony. Consul General Enri
quez was sent to San Francisco to suc
ceed E. K. Coney, and, being a consti
tutional lawyer and a statesman of
considerable note in his own country,
it was expected that he would make
a splendid representative for his coun
try at this port. Unfortunately, how
ever, the Mexicans of the city soon
learned to regard the Consul General
as an aristocrat and showed him scant
courtesy, which fact, together with
financial troubles that followed his as
sumption of duties here, soon disgusted
Senor Enriquez, and one day he quietly
took his departure from San Francisco
and returned to Mexico. The consulate
has since remained in charge of a "sec
retary.
Judge Coffey's refusal to enter Into
the compromise plan effectually ties up
the fortune of the Moxeys unless the
attorneys in the case take the matter
to the Supreme Court and secure a re
versal of his order- The attorneys
claim that the compromise plan as pro-,
posed was simply the result of a de
tlre to eave the estate from the "cost of
expensive litigation-
Thus It may b« «ecn that not onrjr is the
welfare «f the incotni>etent involved, - but the
Central interest* of the community of which
the is a cotni>onent part. The court had
found that Mm. Phil!ip»-Moxey was incompe
tent and that Moorer and Moxey had practiced
fraud upon her in irany and de\'lou* ways, if
tb«e«r finding* were based upon facts they
could Dot be destroyed by a f-tlpulatson which
rave a large portion of the loot to one of the
implicated parties. The court could not n?.ake
tteelt » party to a compromise of conduct in
ftcted w»tn moral turpitude. If the findings
and Judrmer.t were ¦ erroneous they should be
etwallc-d in th* mode prescribed by statute and
n»rt 6*t efide In a summary manner. Even if
the court wer* no inclined. It doubts its power
to act on p. Fti;>tilation signed by a guardian
of an incompetent to give away her property
to a person who ha* secured an advantage by
fraud. It ia certainly a question whether a
ruardias can *o rtlpulate away his ward's
rUhts.
The proposed compromise with Moxey
does not meet with the approval of
Judge Coffey, who when the stipulation
consenting to the new trial was offered
to him for his signature took but little
pains to hide his disgust. He said he
doubted the right of Mandeville to
compromise with Moxey, saying that
in his opinion such an action consti
tuted a summary setting aside of the
court's findings and a practical giving
up to one found guilty of fraud of a
portion of the estate of a person for
whom the court's aid had been sought.
At the close of the proceeding Judge
Coffey said:
To tign an order predicated on such a stip
ulation would not only l>e a Judicial self-stul
tification, a fal*ifyU« by the court of its own
finding* and solemn judenwot, but Jt would
be prejudicial to public i>olicy, for it ia not
a mere matter of private concern, but one in
which the community U interested in the pre
vention of wrong to citlxene and the conserva
tion of the riKht* of person* and property. The
public ends to be served are the protection of
property, the prevention of fraud, the restitu
tion of estate fraudulently acquired by *po-
Ilatora and the providing asa'.nvt the incur
ment of a public charge in consequence of im
providence Inducing indlrence.
TIES UP ESTATE.
Moxey would net about $15 r 000 by this
arrangement, as under the compromise
he must pay the coet of his wife's de
fense to Mandeville's charges of incom
petency. It is estimated that this will
amount to about $20,000.
The terms '>f the compromise at.
tempted to be made by Mandeville with
Moxey at the close of the sensational
trial were made public in the probate
court yesterday, when the guardianship
matter came uz> on a motion for a new
trial, made by Moxey. A stipulation
agreeing to a new trial and confirming
the compromise was filed by the attor
neys in the case, but the motion was
denied by Judge Coffey after it had
been stated that Moxey had agreed to
accept SO .per cent of the value of the
property conveyed to him by his aged
spouse and to reconvey the property
to D. K. and L. H. Phillips of Boston,
his brothers-in-law, to be held by them
in trust for Mrs. Moxey. Judge Coffey
refused to grant the motion, # which
would have the effect of restoring Mrs.
Moxey to competency and thus set
aside his own judgment-
COURT DISAPPROVES.
Oliver N. Moxey, the fencing master
of John D. Hoover's "University" of
Physical Culture, who persuaded aged
and inuomrietent Mrs. Gage H. Phillips
of Boston to become his wife and then
Induced her to deed to him property in
Boston worth $125,000" and a ranch in
Mendocino County worth $20,000, will be
about Jl&.OOO richer than he was before
he met the aged woman and by his soft
words and subtle flattery won her heart
and hand, provided the attorney*! In the
case and Harry Mandeville have their
way.
Judge C«flfey Declines to
3fake an Order Granting
a New Trial of the Case
Cayetano Romero, Mexico's
New Eepresentative in
This City. Arrives at Post
Judge Seawell Orders Him
to Give "Sweet Pea GhT'
$100 a Month Pending Suit
Committee Ux Beautify City
Decides to Ask Public to
Assist in Concerted Move
Gus Silva, Practical Joker, Held for
Sentence Because- Judge . Mogan Gould
Not Fairly Grasfc His Idea of Drollery
CONSUL AWAITS
HIS EXEQUATUR
PROPOSE LARGE
ORGANIZATION
CLARKE MUST
PAY ALIMONY
WAGGISH SPIRIT FAILS TO FIND
APPRECIATION IN POLICE COURT
MOXEY'S PLAN
NIPPED IN BOD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 38, 1904.
Native Sons* Committee to Amngo
for Celebration in Honor of
the Event.
The committee of the Native Sons
of the Oolden West that will have
charge of \he celebration In connec
tion with the launching of the cruiser
California has been advised that the
vessel will be sent down the ways at
the Union Iron Works at 10:30 o'clock
of the forenoon of Thursday, April 28.
* Chairman M. H. Squire3 has called,
a meeting of the committee for next
Wednesday, when arrangements will
be made for attendance at the launch
ing, a night parade and possibly a ball
in some large hall.
CRUISER CALIFORNIA TO
BE LAUNCHED IN APRIIj
11
ADVEBTISEMENTa
ADVEBTISK&IEjnS.
III Cui the Can fel
[pa and compare the quality cf
wk ¦ IS^arad If
H Evaporated ||
Rplwhh any of its imitations. fS-3»
j||fi| Note the difference. See how g&&
||S| smooth ar.d appetizing our EssI
' Em eav y consistence, which «|ij
lO keeps the butter fat equally |i|j
K|y distributed, in contrast with s£M
jgsl ths cheap ar.d thin imita- |*F;3
Jt?^ ticr.a which allow the but- fs*\
>|!<M tsr fat to rise and form
Pleurisy
Pneumonia
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money. returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
b visit DR. JORDAN'S great 0
pUSEUES OF MflTOHY^
A Q) 1CS1 2UL2ZR £7. &.&**:&, S.r.&!./)
\ Gr Largest Auloaieml Muteum ia the \
V __ L JV -I _ World- • Weakr.es><* or nut cancactcd A
« &£ jJ2j *«"« n«»4«i«ly c«r»4j i)jr the old«u T
O fte£?| V^mooiieCsUi tsc j6 ycirv Q
6 flfftf ft DS - JOaOAN-D'SSASEE OF MEM A
1 iS»!5h Coi«u!tino« fret Mid «fri#t!y priratf. \
Q I \iVV; IJ Tr.atTa«3t p-rjonaliy or b» le:trr. A Q
\ fl / Si H '*"•"• Cmiiu ert:y careonj«t»!«en. f
A P 1 ll ft w rit« for n-iok. FfliLemrnv «r A
V ' (1 |Im uvimiAui, UAtiso nil, ( a y
A fl tr viiuaWe book (ur iDrn) \
V nit. mOTtJi AS A CO.. 1X1 KsrkVt St.. 9. F. V
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IN VIGORA.
lor and .Nervine.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic {or the Sexual Organs, for both Mm
The Mexican Remedy far . Diseases of t:n
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merlU.
kaber: alps & un cne. a<*bu.
333 Market st. S. F.— (Send tor Circulars.)
fej Every mother possesses information of vital value to her young daughter. That daughter is a precious legacy, and the \^^^grL /^^^^^^^^^^pp^ /^fer^^^^^M^^^^a
k.'^ ! responsibility for her future is largely in the hands of the mother. The mysterious change that develops the thoughtless /^lillM?lr J^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^fi^^^^^^^Si
rl & r^ ini0 ie thoughtful woman should find the mother on the watch day and night. As she cares for the physical well-being IlF^llr V^v^"*/x° * 0 *
[>J When a young girl's thoughts become sluggish, when she experiences headaches, dizziness, faintness, and exhibits an ' c(n\ r y^Tw^M \^^^^^M2^x^^S(^™
pyj abnormal disposition to sleep, pains in the back and lower limbs, eyes dim, desire for solitude, and a dislike for the society JT^ '*fa^-^ > \Ir) \cT<f\V :^^S^^{^^ 1^^^^ Hil ®S
jvftl of other girls, when she is a mystery to herself and friends, then the mother should go to her aid promptly. At such a time | y l^-^^^jl S^^ 3^ fill 111
H Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. W^^mM ' ;^^^^^^^^mH
fell Case of a Young Girl, of Interest to Every Mother and Daughter in the Land. J, ( iifw(i|^^^^^^^ jfwii! : -^^^^^^S^^
fc/j | A medicine that has restored so many women to health and can SPECIAL ADVICE TO YOUNG WOMEN FRETS. j^S^Sv^Sf f|P ?f *y )S^^Sh^M^ :^^^^^^S^^^^i
Kfi {J 001^ °[ £ yd r ia E# ** inkhai . n ' s Vegetable Compound, which cannot O ycr 2O years, Mrs. Pinkhani has gained a knowledge Which is of '^^&^H^'^W^^^^H^HmI^B
\L ') Pinkham's Vegetable Compound ; so do not exiieriment with untried andBl « n a tur o lofWfte^^^ st^ or '^ al11 w^«h U wni prove^abfoiuto J^^saaQgr i hS9THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1904.
12
lodging . nousias Fon sale— con.
MARION GRIFFIN, .
400 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In fine front offices.
Phone Rlack 3t;07, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date tltlo ahetrai t free with every sale.
fl« do business strictly according to law.
SPKCIAL^n2.
GUARANTEED to clear over $200 per month;
IV2 rooms; well ami substantially furnlshod;
always full and eminently respectable; house
north of Market; rent $3 SO per room; price
S45OO; part cash and bulance as you earn It
in the house. See MARION GRIFFIN^
"SPECIAL— 3.S.'
CUT THIS ADI) OUT. SEB ,
MAniON GRIFFIN about that apartment
house of ;{S rooms, all parmnnently rented:
first pnyment only J75I) and balance as you
make it; rent very low for such » house.
~SPnCIAL-^8.
A newly furnished 8. room fiat,
One block north of Market; and
. If you have $100 to pay down, go and
See MARION GRIFFIN at your earliest.
SPECIAL— ino*~ROOMa
NEW and mo-lern: elegant furnishings; 7-year
lease: Income $1007; total expenses $639;
profit J45S each month; price. $10,000.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 400, Examiner bldg.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
GRAND sunny corner of 40 rooms, clearing
$173 over all; sale on easy terms; swell loca-
tion; owner sick. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL— 21.
THINK twice — First, that we can sell you a
21-room house full of roomers for only $1200;
second, that you need only pay $400 down, |
for we lend you the balance, payable In
monthly Installments.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 400. Hearst bldg.
, SPECIAL— 30.
NEW house, 3 blocks north of Market: 80
very large, desirable rooms; low rent; 3-year
lease; most artistically furnished; will clear
$200 to $300. owing to manngement.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406, Hearst bldg.
10C» ROOMS, sunny corner, rent ?125 J4.100
40 rooms, south of Market, rent $110.. 2000
46 rooms. Mission warm belt, rent $03. 223(»
20 rooms, summer resort, rent $400 yr. 550
14 rooms, fine location, rent low 700
EITEL A CARROLL."212 Kearny it.
FOR sale— 11-room house, nicely furnished; full
of steady roomers: clears $52 over rentijown-
er paralyzed: muat sell; offer. 643 Geaiy et.
CENTRALLY located corner house; 64 rooms;
nicely furnished: rent $22f>; long lease; must
be sold. .WILSON. 400 Taylor rt.
FOR sale — Lodging-house. 20 rooms: on Mar-
ket st. ; clearing over $135 per month. Box
45S3. Call office.
HOUSE of 30 rooms; rent $50; price $C00. Call
lllfi Mission st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful eplrltual healer
and business medium: readings dally. $1; de-
veloping class Thursday. S p. m. 502 Eddy st.
A MATERIALIZING~seance Friday eve., 32.3
Ellis St.: r.Oc. j
DEAN'S wonderful materializing seance to-
night. 1052 Ellis st.
SEER. Ejryptian Hindoo occult reader; dally
¦ clr.Wed..FTl.; Sun.. 8 p.m.; 10c. 320A Ellis.
MRS. LESTER, 9G3 Mission; life reader, busi-
ness medium; read, dally; cir. to-night, 10c.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally!'
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
MME. LUCRETIA. spirit medium; hours 10 to
6; circles every evening. 143 6th st., room 1.
ELISE BRAUN, renowned psychic. My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. 8S6 Bush.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
glate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR ALBERT C. VICTOR,
The famous
PALMIST AND CLAIRVOYANT.
Special Reduction for One W'eek.
$1— His $5 Reading for $1.
Free Test! Free Test! Free Test!
A Free Test to All Who Come Prepared to
Have a Reading.
Without asking a question he tells you your
name, your mother's maiden name, the name
of the one you love, tells you your age and
what you called for, without asking a single
question. . ¦ '•' " •¦
THERE. IS NO AFFAIR of Importance-
past, present or future — but what Professor
Victor's occult eye can plainly reveal. He will
point out the way that will lead to success In
bu3iness, speculations, investments, love, court-
ship, matrimony, divorce or anything you may
be in trouble about.
Unlike Impostors and pretenders, Professor
Victor takea no money In advance and posi-
tively refuses to accept any fee If you are not
entirely satisfied. All business strictly con-
fidential. Hours from 9 a. in. to 8 p. in. dally
and Sunday. 700 Post st.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call. at once and save $4.
His former $5 readlnss this week for ¦
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
| Unless you obtain the Information for which
You consult him.
(Ycu to b* full judge.)
> PAUL DESTINE.
Th» first registered trance clalryovant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully.. An honest- proposition.
I do hereby .solemnly agree and guarantee
. to make no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for: I prom-
It* to tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry. In fact I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself; I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful In life, cure' disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and burled, treasures and Insure you succetts
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to S p. ra.: Sundays 2 to <J.
326— O'Farrell St.— 328.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
»t., cor. Turk: private readings dally. It) a.
m. to 5 p. ml; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person: 3 questions .mswered, $1:
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth: don't send currency; send postofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
JUST ARRIVED ¦ ¦ DAGMAR
The Egyptian palmist/clairvoyant and card
reader; ccnrult on all affairs of life; If in
doubt, trouble or adversity, she will help
you. 100 McAllister St., room 8. .•>¦¦.
A— MME. REVANNA. formerly 5 Fourth St..
reads life; business advice; names given:
readings '60c one week. Offices, -835 Howard
St., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
A — Miss M. Wllle-, 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal eeer and. life reader, will tell you exactly
what you. called fcr without asking *a que*-
tlon; names given; special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted, clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financier success; names;
L., 60c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed ; 25c up. 17 3d. ; next Exam.
MRS. A. H.KKON EN BERG, palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader; whtn others fall try me;
good readings 10c. 721. Franklfn, nr. G.G.ave.
MRS. 'BROWN, clairvoyant, card • reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23>,£ Gth: 1. 25c, g. '50c,
THEO, clairvoyant card reader: ladles ROo.
gents. $1: hours 11 to.O. Room, 16, 705 Mkt.
OLDEST lady, palmist and card reader In city.
26>£ Kearny. room 20; ladies. 25c; gents, 60c.
MRS." BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st. . ' . ¦ ¦• ¦ "
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-'
tings dally. 443U. Jessie at., bet. T.th nnd fith.'
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
••Ity or. country. - Pacific Collection Co.; ; 415
, Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. Maln'SSSO.
__CBEPIT CIJOTglEKS.
C. F. ADAMSCO. ~~~
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices..
Credit for all. - 318 Mason st.'
CEOTHIITO SXmOVATTITO. ; . --',
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
•dyeing.' Bon Marche, 4O 1 ElUs > st., room 14;
' phone Drumm 44. Call for , and deliver free.
. CTJBE3 : bVptube. /;
WHOI- Hunter, 1206 Market St.; $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains: send for one.
JOKtT X>. SPEECKEtS^JProprietor^
\V. J ~MAR.TIN. . . . . .Buslr.eas^MannBer
TELETHONS.
Aek for THE CALL. The Operatcr ¦ CT ""!,.^ m "
r.fct Tcu With the Department Toa "««.
rubiicatlcn Office M«rket and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevensrti et.
Delivered fcy Carriers. 2" Cts. Per Week. 73
Ctt. Ter Month. Single Copies 5> Ce ,f t i£. |U ,
Tertr.. fcy Mail. Including Postage <Ca*b Wit*
Order) : cc _«
DAILY CALL flnc-.ud. Fundey). 1 year...$£-W
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 0 zoo:... \w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «£r
EL'XOAT CALL 1 Year f£j
V.TEKLT CALL. 1 Tear.......... "•"'fx^r*
r Daiu- *•» SO Per Yesr Lx.ra
FOREIGN J g*n"; y 4 15 I'er Year Extra
POSTAGE. \w£££ Too Per Y«r E*tra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Earurle Copies will be forwarded ween re-
Mail »ubecr!b«rs In ordering change °£.Jj£:
tfress ehould b« particular to give both. M±<w
AND OLD ADDRESS In ' order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance wlta tneir r»-
Gueau
OAKLAND OFFICE: „,
HIS Brocdway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELET OFFICE:
tllS Center Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAltUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -A*toria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
CcJon Square; Murray Hill -Hotel; Ftftn-aT«-
cue Hotel and Hcffmaa Houee.
CHICAGO NETfS STANDS:
Cfcenr.en House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette BuilCIng
(Long Distant* Telephone. "Central 261». >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
ETEPKEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squar*
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
cnOI 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES;
IOCS Ksrket etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. tn.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until 0:30 p m,
TOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
*39 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1PU Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22R1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
uatn 8 p. ra.
IM Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
IC:t6 Valencia *treet; open until 9 p. m.
Iv'ortbfast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest ccrner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreeie; open until 9 p. m.
2T0O Ftllmore etreet: cpen until 9 p. ra.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Ccrr.rr.ar.dery No. 1. K. . ?^
1 -Regular assembly THIS EVEN- H«~
ING at 7:30. Order of Temp!*. All fcJ
fraiert courteously Invited.
THOMAS II. BROWNE. Commander, •
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
PACIFIC Lodre No. 136. F. and A. M.. ®
will meet THIS EVENING at ":80VV
o'clock. Third degree. /?>
OEORGt: PENLINGTON. Sec.
EPERANZA Itallana Lodge No 219. F. <»
ati'J A. M.— Special meeting THIS VV
(FRIDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
Second degree.
G. SCALMANINI. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. 1. O. ,cy~^..
¦¦ K.— Third f3d) &<sr»* Till*
iFRIDAYi NIGHT, March :s. s ~*£q55**9
o'clock eharp. All members and **%9nYl* t '
visitir.K brethren cordially Invited.
GEORGE C. TERRILL. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Recording Secretary'.
PAS' FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. Jf&H&K
K << T. M. — Review THIS /jT* ¦ >r3l.
H--RIDAY) EVENING, at S ffiS js Hgd
c'dock. Pioneer Hall, 24 zffil MS
rt D. B. RICHARDS. Vft^te^SSf
Record Keeper. sSstgJFft^
REGULAR meeting of the Caledo- v C7 v
rlwi Club THIS EVENING at S 5Cw
o'clock. Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin \\fXS?
A. M. MrPHERSON. Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company — The regular annual meeting of
th» f tockhclder* of the HL'TCHINSON SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will V* held at
the ©Mice of the company. No. S27 Market
•treet <rootn 4. seccr.d floor), in the city
and county of Fan Francisco. State of Call-
fcraia. on TUESDAY, the 224 day of March,
A. D.. 1904. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
tcr the purpose of electing a Board of Di-
rector* to serve fcr the ensuing year, and
fcr the transaction of such other bU9inese
a* rr.ay proper'y come before the meeting.
Transfer bocks will c'ose on FRIDAY.
March 11, 1&04. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS.
Eecretary Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Com-
per.y. 827 Market street. San Francisco,
California. • •
Ean Francisco. Cal.. March 8. 1804.
ANNUAL rreetlng — The annual meeting of the
stockholders cf tbe WESTERN SUGAR
REFINING COMPANY will be held
et the offlce of the company. No.
"27 Market et.. San Francisco. California,
on MONDAY, the 28th day of March, 1904. at
the ho-ir cf 12 m.. for the purpose of elect-
ing i board cf directors to serve for the
er.s-j.rur year, and the transaction of such
other frusinese as may come before the meet-
•ng. Transfer bookn will close on Frldav
March IS, 1&04, at 12 ra. W. H. HANNAM
Pecrttary
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by haudraulic
. prcc* tf <ron-. F. M. Conn and S. G. Simpson
in Kmicrant Hill placer mining claim near
Oolnrr. Plumas County. Cal.. draining Into
F;ar!«-h Creek, which reaches Feather River
r've* n<t|re that m»etinK will be held at
rr-on «,»; F!oo(5 buflfllnc. San Francisco. Cal.,
A 5CEEJCH news for 5 cer.t*— Th» Weekly Call
1« r^n in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
AGEXTS WAJfTED! ' "
nitST-CLJJSS rro.nositicn to welUac'oualnttd
«r.fr;eric agents cf both i-pxep. Applv 8 to
1" r.. n.. 720 Emma Ppreokcls building.
AGENCIES for every city of the Union for the
Marquis Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms. 4U
P^M m.. San Francisco. C al.
WANTHD— FlrBt-cIass life insurance solicitor-
aSMParrott bMgr m °° th *"* comral88l0B ' r -
* DvrsTisEMEzrr WErrizro"
HAVINt; recently acquired through~exohamre
of property three *40 scholarships in the best
. OoMeg-e of Advertising in the United Stales
I will *»!I t*em at 13 per rent discount for
cesh: tb» college teaches advertising wrlt-
lr.g by correrpomJence and uitaU its grad-
uates to secure p^ltion.*; catalnru'B fur-
r.-.fhr-'i on ar>t']icati<n. Address box 3026. Call
ATTOn XEYS-AT-LA W"! ~
A PRIVATE. <julck divorce for a email fee.
6ee rr.e and rave money; no pay In advance
G. «r. i BWR ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yr«.; rrr.e. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5 1st fL
J122 Market *t.. between Meson and Taylor
Acvlce tree all matters. Detectives employed!
K. W. KING. Attoraey-at-Law. Exam. TldsT
ffth. floor, entrance room 611; established
year*: «U eases, general court and orflce prac-
tice: nc fee in advance or for consultation-
evcnir.gs by appointment. Tel. Red S0C1.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick. quTetl ad vie*
free; open evenings. 927 Market «t.. rm. 301.
L. P. CLARK. 027 Market et.: consultation
fr»e: no fee« In advance; open even i ngs.
BOAnmvG^FOR" CHILDREN^
LADY warts infant or small child to care for-
lorely home; help krpt; beet references. Box
107%. Cali office. Oakland
CWRT nKATIXO AXp . CLBAMXG*.
WHEN you become disgusted wlta. your work
tend for SPAL'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 2&&-3S7 Teharoa, bt.: teL South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
mm ft.; Al cleaning; 3e. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Euperior Carpet-beating Work*.
3S3 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 12<L -
KOl'KE I»ROS. : excellent carpet beatlr.g: nmt-
trraxex mad* over. 14.3:5 Howard;t-rl.9out» 21*
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Msin 294. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
RCDOLPH & CO.. carpet- beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrisoa St.; tel. Mission 263.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A^ j "STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Ar« you looklne for a safe and profitable
business opening in San Francisco? If so.
we can offer yo.u any number requiring an
ir.ves tment from" $100 to $50,000: every busl- •
ness opportunity that passes through our •
offlce must stand the closest investigation,
ar.d we can. place you In a stor*. factory,
hotel, mill, office, ior. In fact, any business
you may prefer. " Kindly call and investigate. .
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St. .
A^ MERUWNTS, ATTENTION!
.Do you wish % enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or ailent partner .
who will Invest from $IC0 to $50,000; we
have a large r.umVer of (Jesirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market ft.
A — J100~KEWARP
•Will be paid for legal proof showing that any
person ever lost a dollar who invested any
money through our company.
GHRMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY. '
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock, $50,000.
027 Market st.. rooms 321. 322. 323. 324.
A GOOD OPENING \
For a young man who can invest $'00 in a
high-class real estate offlce and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary ; Invest-
ment secured ar.d $20 weekly guaranteed. •
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. P27 Market st. . ¦
" HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; SO rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room, with 16 tables jind Imported Vienna •
chairs; the best carpets money can buy .
throughout; firest linen, best silver service;
10 yeara' lease; price $10,000; easy terms.
A SAFE INVESTMENT. '
$1000 cash and sen-Ices secure interest and
office of treasurer in an Incorporated realty
and Investment company; $160 monthly as-
sured: highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market »t.
A — 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-qulck" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
" THE BEST INVESTMENT.
1C0 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co. $25: will be worth $200 by August, 1004.
GEKMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market sC
A — TAILORING~AND HABERDASHERY.
A flrst-class tailor or gentleman familiar
with gents' furnishing goods can fecure -a
psrtcershlp In one of the leading stores In
San Francisco; about $SCOO cash required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A — BARBER SHOP.
For eaJe, 4-chair shop: centrally located and
good, established trade; sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of immediate sale.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS.
Wanted, rnah with $4000 cash to take interest
In stable established 10 years: $100 monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— WHOLESALE WHISKY HOUSE.
Bein-j also importers and distillers and es-
tablished in San Francisco thirty years, de-
elre an additional uartner with $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— LIGHT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS.
Partner wanted with $2000 cash in the manu-
facture of high-grade ga« and electrical fix-
tures and latest improved rr.antlos.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A^ CANDY, CANDY, CANDY.
For sale, store and factory; wholesale and
retail; situated in the heart of city and es-
tatllfhed about 25 years; low rent; long
leafe; price $6000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— HARDWARE STORE "
For sale: a high-class business: long estab-
lished and centrally located; owner desires
to retire; will Invoice about ?5CC0.
GERMANIA INVEST.' CO., 027 Market gt.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $3000 can
ffry partnership in established business In
thisclty and take charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
A— HEAVY MANUFACTURING BUSINESS
For sale; a complete plant for the sale and
manufacture of CARRIAGE and' WAGON .
MATERIAL; estab. 15 years; also work and
repair shop; sell at Invoice about $12,000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
T. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy cL. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyrter and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and ice cream parlors... .$200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to J2. r >00
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,00fl
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000 I
Drug stores $2000 to $0000 I
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A- FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; well-equipped drug store; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; business al-
ready established; with 6 rooms and bath
in rear; elegantly furnished throughout;
everything complete for housekeeping of best
quality. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; fine prospect:
located In Cal. ; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candies; established 8
years; clears over $200 per month; will In-
voice about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale — One cf the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
boar investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy et.
FOR sale, or will trade for email ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; well
located; clearing $300 per month; first-class
proposition; will stand strict investigation;
price $8000. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
$100^ — FINE paying efflre and established com-
mission business; clearing $100 monthly.
1007% Market ft., room 1.
SUMMER resort; finest climate; big payer;
complete: near city: sickness; investigate.
1007% Market st.. room 1.
$250 — PARTNER wanted In established com-
mission business clfarlng $150 monthly; will
give bank references; experience not re-
quired; grand opportunity. 1007% Market, r.l.
DELICACY store; Larkln ?t.: well patronized;
price $550. Apply 209 Kearny St., room 1.
PARTNER with $250 for fine paying offlce
business; no experience necessary; $75 mo.;
steady man wanted. 200 Kearny, room 1.
$50 CAPITAL entitles you to $12 weekly guar-
anteed, without Fervl«»s. Call or write -209
Kearny St., near Sutter. room 11.
FOR sale — A large, well paying bakery, with
large cake trade and 5 to 6 barrels of bread;
latest ' improved wagons and 6 good horses;
only a short distance from city. Inquire M.
P. DETELS. 218 California st. /
PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman, with
or without service, to extend an established
picture and framing business; success cer-
tain; apply on the premises. J. JONES.
1511 Park Ft.. Alameda.
WANTED — A competent co-worker and stock-
holder in a close corporation; well estab-
lished and big dividend paying wine com-
pany. Address W. C, box 520, Sacramento.
A PARTNER wanted with small capital In
| one of the best mall order Luslness on the
i ccast. paying a good profit and room for
. enlargement. Box 4610, Call offlce.
FOR sale — Corner saloon; wholesale district;
flrst-class location. Inquire HILBERT MER-
CANTILE CO.. 213 Market st.
Al INVESTMENT, with or without services;
corporation now doing business; large divl-
dends assured. Box 43C2, Call offlce. .
CIGAR stand for 'sale; cor. -Battery and Clay
fts.; on account of sickness in family must
be nold In 16 days.
WANTED — To trade cigar store for rooming-
house; will pay cash difference. 1008 Mar-
ket «t.. box 33.
CANDY and Ice cream parlors for sale; near
Presidio: fine fixtures; everything neat and
clean. Box 4628.- Call offlce. -.-.: --,--,
FOR sale— Saloon with living-rooms and card-
rooms and large hall at transfer corner;
lease: rent low. Box 4570, Call office.
CONFECTIONERY and Ice cream stor* in
first. clars neighborhood and locatlen: living
rouai: lease. Box 4619. Call offlce.
FOR cale.ln a live bay town — Candy branch
> bckery. Ice cream and tamale parlor. Ad-
| dregs bcx 461S. Call offlce.
J475— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen, notion
store; north Market: living rooms. 783% Mkt.
! SALOON — Corner: 13000: best business: street
In city: near.. Market st. Box 44l», Call.
5250— -BRANCH bakery and restaurant; $25;
water free. 414 Jones st. <•.
$C50— FINE cigar stand; cheap rent; lease.
. Opposite Transport, East and Folsom sts.
8250— RESTAURANT; 3 living rooms;' rent
$14; good re««ons for gelling. S02 Sixth «t.
WA"TED — Grocery In a. cood location for
business. Address box 4639. Call offlce.
$l«sO*-GROCERY and bar: location is good :
' well stocked; good business. Box 4508. Call.
ROUTE OS) Car. Apply at of flc*.
WANTED- -MALE.
RELIABLE. competent"ymln)rnian. thoroughly
understands care of horses and duties per-
taining, to footman's and coachman's posi-
tions, wishes situation on private place, city
or country. A.. M. BARRETT, northwest
corner Washington and East sts. >
WANTED— Position by young man with gener-
al experience.' both .wholesale and retail. In
toys, house furnishing and woodenware lines;
have been employed by the same concern 11
years in different" capacities; *»n furnish Al
references. 3ox .4422. Call offlce.
ENGLISHMAN, 12 years In Central America;
good bookkeeper, thorough knowledge Span-
ish, also French-, desires position with manu-
facturing or exporting • firm with a view to
eventually representing them 'in Europe.
Box 4653. Call. " " ' ¦ ' >
RELIABLE, competent young man. age 27.
wishes a petition on, private -place; city or
country; attejid garden, etc.; capable horse-
man and • driver; thoroughly understands*
coachman's dutl<*; reference*. Box 441., Call.
A GARDENER thoroughly versed in all
branches "of horticulture 'under glass an.J
outside; S years In last position: with best
of recommendations. Box 4606. Call offlce.
A TRUSTWORTHY man wants position as
¦ night watchman; can furnish references. Ad-
dress J. B.. 756 Folsom »t.
BOOKKEEPER, graduate from one of best ac-
countants In city, desires position; wages no
object. Address G. B.. 217 Parrott bldg. |
BAKER, flrst-class all-around bread and cake
baker and confectioner: country preferred.
BURTON. 192 Seventh St. §
WANTED — Situation as coachman; experienced
man. Box 4413. Call.
GOOD cools wan'ls situation in boarding- hou»«
or restaurant. Call 638 Folsom st. ;
AESAYER and chemist wants «ltuatlon: ex-
perlenced mill man. Box 4416. Call offlce.
MACHINIST also draughtsman, wants pool-
, tlon. PAUL GLASER. 312 Ellis st.
YOUNG Chinese, flret-class cook, wishes a
position In small Drivate family. 315 Du-
pont St.. AH .FOXO. ¦
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as* a
houseworker. Addresa 309 Clement st.
FEATHBft IIBSOVATI5O.
BY new healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co., 325 Van News ave.; tel. Howard 3167.
FINANCIAL.
FOR sale — 25 shares <8 per cent preferred.
$100 each P. v.): reliable. legitimate local
corporation; wholesale druggists; splendid;
safe: cash opportunity. Box 4412. Call of flc*.
COSTA Rica Eanana Co.; a life Income; shares
starting 5c; rare chance. 530 Crcssley bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department: over 10C0
in number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
sterling furniture co..
1039 market st..
opposite McAllister.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cofdes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st., on the square.
PINE. 706%. near Powell — Upper flat. 6 rooiri
and bath: sun all day; fine view; $37 30.
See owner on premises.
SWELL 4 rooms and bath, 957 Hayes St.; wa-
fer, garbage; hall lights; ,'anltcr service;
$30-$32 50.
AN upper flat of 5 rooms and bath. 3446
Twentieth st., near Capp. >
SEVENTEENTH, 4182, near Castrq-st. cars —
Sunny uppc flat. 7 rooms, bath, basement.
ELEGANT NW. cor. flat; 7 rooms (all front);
bath, marine view: $45. Phone Geary 448.
LINDEN ave., COO — Three nice sunny rooms,
basement: rent $11.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FOR rent — Furnished sunny B-room upper flat
and bath; rent $25; 103 San Jose ave., near
Twenty-third st. Call from 3 to 5 p. tn.
SUNNY upper furnished flat. 7 rooms: 4 bay
windows; corner: all front rooms; $300. 1893
Fifteenth «t . corner Dolores.
FIVE rooms: furnished; sunny upper flat;
rents $20. 508% Guerrero st.
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms and bath; new: rea-
sonable. 1323 Guerrero: phone Church &336.
"WASHINGTON. 2833. near Alta Plaza— Beaa-
tlfully furnished sunny flat of 7 rooms.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
NEATLY furnished flat; north of Market; close
In; must be sold. Particulars box 4449, Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods of every description; flats
bought. Mission Auc.House.429-439 Valencia.
OFFICE furniture;, a bargain; 1 5-ft. roller
. desk table, chairs, etc. 581 Parrott bldg..
9-12 a. m.- >
NEWLY furnished flat of 7 rooms; rent $.13:
must be sold at once; a snap at $175. 1012
Golden Gate ave.
SOLID oak furniture cheap: 3 rooms. 4 Bond
St., near Twelfth and Mission. ¦¦> '^
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44C2.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H
BURD. auctioneer. 181S Mkt. ;tei. Howard 275«!
HELP WANTED FE31ALE.
COOK, small sanitarium $30
Cook, San Rafael, no washing..... $35
2 cooks, little wash, city.... $30'
Parlormaid $25
Infant nurse, references required $3.1
2 second girls, city $2O-$2T»
Cook. Alameda. 4 adults *¦'•»
Nursezirl, 2. children $2O
German nurse, 4-year-old child *-i"
2 laundresses, private families $3o
Laundress, boys" school ..$25
Woman with a child, country $25.
Also waitresses, housegirls, chambermaids
and waiters for city and country. $20-$23-
$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
Sutter . st.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school In
West. 2.X3 Geary st., room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both n'.aiians taucrht from start to flnlsh
In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdressing
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room M; positions secured
at' highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A YOUNG lady to learn the removal of super-
fluous hair to be assistant to a doctor. 1170
Market st., rooms 28 and 29, from 1 to 4.
LADY wanted for shooting gallery: good In-
ducement for right party. A. W. FELL,
Watsonvllle, Cal.
WANTED — Saleslady familiar with the retail
crockery business; give reference, experience
and wages expected. Box 4413. Call.
A GIRL for ceneral housework and cooking.
2210 Central st. ; car fare paid.
GIRLS wanted— Experienced tent and awning
operators. Ill Clayst.
YOUNG girl for second work; wages $20. 245
Chestnut St., between Dupont and Kearny.
WANTED — A good skirtmaker. 2830 Golden
Gate ave., near First ave:
WOMAN to assist with light housework; wages
$12>to $15. 1130 Church st. • ¦
GIRL to assist' housework small family Call
a to 11. 1533 Fulton St.: $12.
WANTED — Refined, middle-aged lady, no in-
' cumbrance; companion to lady; small wages
: ¦ and good home; references. Address box
1075. Call office. Oakland.
A WOMAN free • from ¦ home cares • who \ can
devote herself to a well-paying undertak-
ing. Box 4411. Call offlce.
WANTED — Experienced millinery salerwoman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS'. -
WANTED— <3'rl for cooklnj and general
housework. Apply between 4 and 6 at 733
.; McAllister, st. , •
WANTED — First-class waist and coat helpers.
J. BAER. 1200 Geary at. • - ¦ F
WANTED — Neat young girl .for second work.
617 Stelner St., near Hayes.
GIRL, for general housework. Apply 3632
Twentieth et. .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
¦ Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
BUSINESS CHAKCES— Contlnned^
A— $4000; CORNER~raloon. with lease; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by own-
ers for years; fullest investigation solicited.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kfarnyst.
A— $3000; GRILL room and cafe; the leading .
establishment in Oakland; close to theaters; .
rent $70 and a first-class paying business: ;
other Investments only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny at. '
A— $1200; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes *M barrels <
per day; dally sales ?45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st. :
A— ?1 250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts. ;
large s=t<v-k; clears at least $230 per month; .
full value In sight; a splendid offer. See R.
g: WILKE. 2CH Kearny st. ¦ .
A— $500; BRANCH bakery and candy store. ;
with living rooms: daily receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. . See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $2200; Saloon, with lease; estab. yesrs;
vicinity of Fourth St., Market and Stockton:
place speaks fcr itself; all particulars. R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $lt00; GROCERY and bar. with lfl fur- '
nlshed rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $65; a
business where man and wife can easily
dear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. '
A— $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
ft.; rent $40; lease ;3 horses. 6 wagons; bust. ,
ness eetab. years; Investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A — $1650: COn. saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50; lease; a first-class paying plav»ein
choicest location; $150 per month clear guar-
anteed. R. Q. WILKE. 26% "earny st.
A— $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and fhootlng
gallery, averaging about $9 50 per day; ex-
penses about $5 per day; will tell or trade
fcr -lodging-house. See, R. G. WILKE. 2«%
Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery tn
choicest location: rent $30; daily receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILTCE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $850; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar- j
ket and Stockton sts.; rent $75; a splendid
location and rare business chance. Ece R.
G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st. -'
A— $2250: STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.:
no opposition; in thriving country town about
75 miles from this city; r rare chance. For ;
particulars gee R. G. WILKE. '26% Kearny. |
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 50x100;
. house- of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.: Price $:iG0O; not all cash required; a
good business. Call on R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. ~-
FOR sale — Branch bakery, dairy produce,
candy and Ice' cream; splendid trade; good
huslness location. For particulars, address
box -tCCO. Call offlce.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions Mas
been opened at 1003 Market at., opposite
Fifth. Od«ti until 11 p. m.
'LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A, CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for roominc-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances. '
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; first-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $5uO to $600 per month; must
sell on account other business; only with us.
9-room,*new, modern flat; 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $lS00; a bargain; sick-
ness.
00 rooms; elegantly furnished; fine location;
close In; new and modern throughout; full and
clearing $2oi> to $350 per month; roust be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on it asked; chance of a lifetime.
90 rooms; part offices; ele-ant new building
and furniture; high-class location: beautltui
halls: everythlrut modern; flnst-class grill In .
connection; best proposition in city; called
East.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
sood lease.
17 rooms; rent only $70; oak furniture, Ax-
mlnster carpets; fine location; clears $80; fine
buy. . •
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
J40O. - *
28 rooms; oak fur.; velvet carpets; close In;
can be run as boarding-house if desired; $1SOO.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ins $400 Der month; 5-year lease; part cash,
i balance $8 per cent per year.
IS rooms; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
$600 down, balance 1% per cent: fine buy; only
$1250.
25 rooms: rent only $60; north Market; all
full; clears $100 per month; price $1800; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
106 rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
family hotel In city; all full and clearing $4XK>
to $000 per month: books open for inspection;
obliged to leave city.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel: beautiful furnishings;
clearing $C0O per month; every room full; will
stand the strictest Investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment- house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms: cheap rent; close in; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
86 rooms; corner; rent only $500; best down-
town house in city; electric elevator; well fur-
nished; guaranteed to clear $400 to $500 per
month; books orjen for Inspection; everything
in first-class shape; on account other business.
SO rooms; rent only $150: oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets: close In; fine money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luurlously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $600 per month; obliged to leave
city.
11 rooms: rent $40; close In: oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $.400 caeh, balance time; snap; $700.
4B rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel
south of Market; flr.e- bar; well stocked: brick
building: electric lights; everything, good con-
dition; part cash, balance time: price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture: 2 entrances;
takes in J30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms: corner: rent only $85: oak fur.:
good- carpets; hnuspkeeplnq;; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price $1600.
50 rooms; new: modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease: cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; flrst-class proposition...'
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern building; In
one of the best cities In Southern California;
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up to date: 0-year lease: rent only $200; clear-
Ing l $230 to $300 per month: owner sick abed.
. 23 rooms: well furnished: first -class tran-
sient house: 2 blocks off Market: B-year lease;
clearing. over $100; good. buy for some. one.
31 rooms; rent, $110; all l'ght rooms: clear-
ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap: only $Sno.
to get in; must-leave city at once: price $1300.
I0S rooms: cheap rent: new and elegantly
' furnished: up-to-rtate apartment-house; : has
. fine bar: can be run In conjunction if. desired;
rare chance for rleht parties; part cash, bal-
ance can' be paid out of house; other business
] interests demand Immediate .departure.
126 room*: rent only $4 per room: new and
t up-to-date house; all .men: electric elevator,
. lights: long leape; clears ?4oo to - $500 per
month: one. of the best buys In the city. '
[ MITCHELL * CO.. ....... .Phone Jessie 2331
1206 Market ft., opposite Sixth. - .'
10 rooms; neat,' sunny, two-floor house; rent
' $40: sell or exchange; price $650.
O rmf.: downtown. house: steady; transient;
; clearing $350 monthly: handsomely furnished.
26rms.: choice corner rooming-house: unex-
', celled for transient as well a« steady roomers.
25 roorsa: well appointed housekeeping suites;
Iandlad7 must sell; make offer. .
• MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
. SUTTER, 14 large, light corner rooms;, nicely
: furnished; all rented: bargain -hunters, ex-
. - amlne this. Owner,- 209 . Kearny st:. ' room 1.
'• A— 14 ROOMS: snap; all full. Call 212 Fifth
st.-. between, 1 and 3. p.. m. ¦ ., ¦ '.-,}_¦¦;.
; IS ROOJ1S: rent $70;* long lease; furnished new;
. clears $600 Call at 856 Ellis. st. . :
LODGING-HOUSE.* 36 rooms: rent • $125: i will
•ell reasonable. Box . 4597. , Call offlce.
HELP WASTED — MAJLE.
A^^uTTraY'a^READY. 634- 836 Clay st.
Phon* Main MIS.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
In 100.1 we gave During 1904 w» hop*
work to eo.000 men. to increase 60.000.
DO YOU SPEAK
Italian, Herman. Spanish.
Greek. French. Swiss ?
We do
Reduced Rates. Cheap Fares to
Nevada. " Nevada.
To Nevada State.
8 hours day. Government Work. 8 hours day.
2r> teamsters, ship tonight; $2 day.
10 laborers; ship to-night
Rockmen, drillers. Irrigation ditch,
Nevada State.
Gov?rtiment Work.
Ship To-night.
President* and Owners of
GREAT
GOLD MINES.
COPPER AND SILVER.
At Our Ofce TO-DAY. See- Them.
1j single and double hand drillers, $32 so
9 MACHINE WINERS. $w!
Blacksmith for mine. Cement finisher.
Don't be stingy with your distance.
GET CLOSER!
TO LAND OF SUNSHINE.
WHERE MAN CAN WORK EVERY DAT.
BIO WAGES.'
\ ARIZONA— ARIZONA.
I CLOSE TO PRE9COTT. 910 MILE3
I $9 10— THATS ALL!
655 Laborers, teamsters, drillers. ROCK-
MEN, etc.
CENTER GREAT MINES
MILKERS
2« MILKERS, all parts of California, $.10.
$35. $40 and found.
4 Butter-makers. $40 and found.
12 FARM AND RANCH HAND3.
S25. $26 and $3O and found.
4 milkers, fare paid. NORTH. $33 and fouiH.
6 CHOREMEN. »2O. $23. $35 and found.
WOODCHOPPERS.
123 woodehoppen", all over State.
Postmakersi. shakemakers, etc.
2 farm hands together. Oreeon, $30 and t\.
LOOK!
Boy for city store. $5.
6 boys. learn trades. $4. $3 and $8 weeh.
Gardener, -flowers and vegetables. $m.
2 young men, little experience painting, $s to
$:• week.
Blacksmith, woodworker, city factory, $18
week.
Driver for merchandise •tor*. $30.
SHIP CALKERS.
2 ship calkers. factory, $2 50 day.
Baker and pastry cook, hotel. $50 and four.1.
Ward master, institution. $.10 and M.
Choreman. private family, $.15 and fd.
Man and wife, man cook, wife chambermaid.
$45 and foucd.
Farmer and wtfe, berry ranch $10 and fd.
MURRAY & READY,
K"A and C36 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEX A CO.'S 429 Bush st.
Special To-day Only. Boss Here.
¦ Fee $1 Fare $5.
Teamsters, laborers, rockraen, drillers. $2-2 50
Fcr Nevada S Hours For Nevada
Chief clerk and assistant manager. flrst-c!a.<<s
hotel; must have hotel experience and refer-
ences.
Bookkeeper of good address for commercial
house; man between 23 and 35 years of
age $75-$so
Janitor and assistant \ $00
Pantryman, must also be able to issue stoics
from, storeroom; first-class country hotel:
free fare .- $25
2 waiters country club $40
Walter, country restaurant $"f)
Pantryman, country hotel; fare. paid.. ..$25
Man to run dishwashing machine $.*!.*•
Scraper teamster foreman, country.. $33 found
4 dishwashers $3O
Bellboy, 15 to 17 years old. country $15
CtRtHAXSKIH & CO 429 Bush st
A~PAciFic "employment agency;
52ti — Montgomery st. — B28
Phone Main 1191 — Upstairs.
NEVADA GOVERNMENT WORK.
8 HOURS SPECIAL REDUCED FARE
15 teamsters, 10 laborers, 10 rockrr^n. $2 to
$2 M> day NEVADA
Second cock, country hotel, far* paid, $15
and found; choreman and help milk, 10c fare.
$30 and found; general superintendent large
mine, boss here, $.10O: 3 woodchoppers. Marl-
pora County; 20 colliers.
FIVE iron-molders, $3 30 day; carpenter, fac-
tory work, $."5 day: machine, man. $3 50 day;
farmer handy with tools. $1 25 day and
board; gardener, $3O and found: man about
place. $33 and found: ironer and polisher,
country laundry. $15 week; log deckman
$40 and board: carpenter for mill. $KS and
board; vegetable man; kitchen man. $30 and
• found, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento et.
AT THE CAI* EMP. AGENCY,
14 Third st. : t>hone Bush 406.
NEVADA.
Teamsters, laborers. rocJasea.
CHEAP FARE.
Government Job: 8 hour*
Handy man around chicken ranch. German
preferred $33 and board
SUM man. for oil refinery $0**
Dogger, or carriar* man. sawmill. $50 board
ANDRE' 9 Office. 317 Stockton «t.— French
cook, $75 to $1CO: second cook. $60; waiter,
$35; vejretableman. $25 to $.'M>: oysterman.
$43; heail gardener, private place. $50: el-
derly German to do chores. $15; silverman,
$35; assistant waiter, $30. etc.
FOR Nevada: one foreman, $3; one P'^w
drl\-er, $2 50: 20 four-horse teamsters, $2 2\
fare refunded. HORD & SMITH. 35 Third st.
A — HOTEL Gazette. 2<J MonUromery st..r. 12—
Bar Dorter, country, $25: bellboy, $15.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 13;
citizens of United States, of good charact*.-
and temperate habits, who can speak. r»a<i
ard write English. For information apply t >
Recruiting Officer. Rialto building. X>-»
Montgomery St.. San Francisco, or 1023 Sec-
ond st.. Eacrarrento.
__ _ _.
Men to learn the barber trade in two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOT.ER System
College. 633 Clay st. ;
GOVERNMENT positions^ — Call at room 14.
fifth floor. 3P5 Larkln st.. for frea information
as to positions, salaries, age limits, eta: day
cr eveninjs^
TWO- chair barber-sho*> for sale In lovely
country town; good business. Apply M. D..
1715 Stockton St.
BOY wanted. Stalls 1 and 3. Union Squar*
_Market ;
A BOY wanted in tea and crockery stars. 213
Third st.
BOY waited: for errands and assist gener-
ally. 11 Battery »t.
CARPENTER foreman. $4 a day. Cal. Emp.
Agency. II Third st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 13C0 Kentucky st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
463 Eighth St.. Oakland.
GERMAN: steady; reference; handy; tend bar.
wlnehouse; married preferred. Box 22S1. Call.
OLD man to help in kitchen; wages $10 per
month and room. 2330 Sixteenth st.
WANTED — Competent salesman for lubrlcattn*
greases and oils: must be experienced; all
- applications must state age. salary required,
giving references; confidential. ¦ Address box
4427. Call offlce.
WANTED — Kxperienced trimming, lace and
fancy goods man; one capable of managing
stock and willing to go to Los Angeles;
state sge. experience and salary exp.-cted.
Apply box No. 4420.
A BOY for an Insurance offlce. about 1« yeara
old. residing in San Francisco with parents.
Address, in own handwriting, box 4415. Call.
WANTED— Porter and bootblack: boy pre-
ferred. Arena Barber Shop, 1161 Jefferson
St.. Oakland. . '
PENSION ATTY.. If. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.: 14
years* practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$150 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
BARBERS— l-chalr shop at half Its value;
good trade; going out of business. Address
439 Twelfth St.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work Inside. 1103
Market st.
DELIVERY boy for florist at St. Francis Ho-
tel. Apply 1150 Sutter st.
YOUNG men. «ailors. btackamitha. carpenters.
green hands, for ships. Herman's. 27 Steuart.
BOY. about 17 years old wanted. 106 Bills st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply RE133
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
WANTED — Tailor for general work; good.
wages. VAN DER MAELEN. San Rafael.
WANTED— Good. American barber: union
wages. Address A. Cal! office. San Jos*.
BARBER shoo for sale; call and see it. 2493
Mission st.
SAILORS and preen hands for Europe and
steam whalers. LANE'S. 504 Davis st.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40, Phelaa bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUTJLUM"HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charre-'for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made' over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A~NE^v7laTe— The~~Wha!ebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c:
plates, $5; full set; all work . painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor, Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. II. G. YOUNG — Bridges and teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1841 Folk st.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Butter.
PARIS Dentnl Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Dush—
Set teeth. $1 SO up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
DRESSjHAKERa ANO SEAMSTRESSES
Accordlonr sunburst and knlfe-pialtlng; double
stamps on dre^s linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
- Pa turns cut to measure; eve. class. 1010 Mkt.
~ ~Ei) u_£ A J 1 iPJ^ A Ji;
AT hcme in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, Inspiring
instruction. 75-pnge catalogue 'on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, 901-
. 025 Golden Gate ave. '
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions' for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalcgue free.
HEALD^~^USIN^Eisl:OLLEaE, 24 POST, 8.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. 8. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.
STAMMERERS taught to talk: no drawl,
singsong or motions. Call or write Natural
Speech- Academy, 1030 East Twenty-eighth
St.. Ixis Angeles, Cal.- - -
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun.:
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing, 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business- College on
advice of official court reporters and be torn-
' petent stenographers. 1382 Market; "catalog.
WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc.;- day eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S~~Schooi oTannes&Electricity. 24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
bet. Pine and California; classes now open.
ENGlNEERING-^CIvlI, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est.' 1804. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive meth-
oU. RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California, r.4.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st. — Night class.
PIANO lessons, 23c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH.French.ete. Prof.DeFUippe'sAcademy
of language. 320 Post;estab'dlS71:ablest profs.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GfToRGE~AOKI. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 133—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau,
504 Kearny St.. room 3; phone Black 4US.
CHINESE Employment* Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 4im O'Farrell ; tel. East 426.
FRITZ'S Emp. Offlce: Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main l»07. BRADLEY & CO., 040 Clay.
EJirLOYMEXT WASTED— fr'KMALK.
GIRL wishes a position for general housework
and wishes to have from 1 to 5 In the after-
noon every day. Please call In the morning,
2490 Market tt. _^
PROFESSIONAL French cook, by day or oth-
erwise; full charge of dinners, receptions,
marketing anywhere: also 'cooking lessons
given. Box 4418. Call office.
A NEAT, respectable middle-aged woman de-
sires work a few hours dally or assist with
light housework In small private family. Ad-
dress MRS. L., 153^4 Fifth st.
A RESPECTABLE woman desires a position
to do housework: city or country; references.
Box 4144. Call office^
A COMPETENT cook would like a situation.
012 Park «t.. Alameda. '
A LADY pianist '" wishes position. Address
box 4450. Call offlce.
A GERMAN lady wishes work by the day.
Call 227 H Hayes rt. > _
STRONG, willing American woman wants
laundry work only $1 25 and car fare;,
sweeping and cleaning If no laundry work.
737Vi Howard St.. second flight, room 12.
LADY of middle age; experienced tn res'orts
or sanatoriums, social or business manage-
ment; country preferred. Box 4430, Cull.
AN experienced and partly trained nurse will
care for Invalid; $35 per month. Box 4365,
Call offlce. »
YOUNG girl desires a position as saleswoman-
also girl as cash girl; reliable. Please ad-
dress 6 Eddy st., offlce 31.
REFINED lady desires position as housekeeper
In mountains or country. Address box 1077,
Call oiflce, Oakland. . .-. -
A LADY would like four hours" chamberwork
' In rooming-house or hotel. Address MRS.
HARRISON. 20 Rlnggold st.
POSITION wanted by trained nurse In doctor's
offlce; best of credentials; 10 years' experi-
ence. Box 4372. Call. .
EXPERIENCED tailoress desires a position on
,> coat.*. Address or call 30 Moss st.
DRESSMAKER, 3 years' exDerienc*. would
like to work out by tbe day. 1615 O'Farrell.
WANTED — Work by the day by a German
lady. Call or address 420 Sixth St.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch.offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and. subscriptions taken ¦ for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
. EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A GARDENER desires a position: thoroughly
competent In all lines ef horticulture under
glass and outside; 8 yeans in last place; well
recommended. , Box 4448. Call.
AN experienced and accurate operator on
Burroughs adding machine desires position.
Box 4447. Call. .
CLERK — Wine, liquor and groceries, window
dre«ser and card writer, desires position;
best of- references. Address box 4446. Call.
BAKER — First-class all-round man wishes
situation. In the, country. Box * 4442, Call.
COOK wants a situation; hotel, boarding or
restaurant; quick short-order .man, under-
standing, his business, and all around man;
' city or country. Box 4429, Call offlce.
ATTORNEY, j who is al«o experienced offlce
man, bookkeeper, correspondent, -.. business
manager. •- etc., will accept position .with . cor-
poration, real estate concern. Box 4527. Call.
A YOUNG colored, man desires a. position as
potter. Janitor or fireman: 7 years' experience
around boilers; best of references." Call on
or address W. CHOCOLATE. 232^ Natoma.
A MIDDLE-AGED . couple.\ Just arrived " from
Europe, would like to get positions as farm
hands, or any position in. the city; no chil-
drcn. Apply 585 Seventh .St. ¦¦ ' . '
BARBER— First-class from New York wants
' first-class c position. Address .Barber, , box
4408. Call otflce. \ '' . - .,
YOUNG man wants situation as \ assistant
bookkeeper or .general office work In whole-
sale houseV references. : Box '4431, Call, offlce.'
YOUNG man of 33, German/wishes place as
.houseman In .first-class • hotel or private
'X house ; . exoerienced. • Box . 4423, Call i office. •
/WANTED— Petition ¦ as grocery i salesman - by
¦ young man; of . ten • years',, experience; best
'. of .reference*. -. Box 4424. : Call of flee. ;,*
SITUATION <wanted ' by colored man as cook,
city or country: hotel 'or private; family.
Box 4634. Call offlce. .../.a.^, .':'..
COOKv^-Ccmpetent. quick, ¦ economical ; hotel : or
'¦restaurant; -city or country, Addre*#"box,
' 4.'!B4. Call offlce.
__.. j j rj^rj^ y -T-p *lfr it T A 1\T TP Cl " C\ TT nr "R 1 TNITHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. MARCH IS, 1904.
13
REAL ESTATE: — CITV-—FOR SALE.
FOR SALE.
Beautiful well-built cottage of 7 rooms.
bath and fine basement; brick foundation;
close to 4 lines of cars; see the owner; call
before neon. 223 Third ave.. Richmond Dis-
trict.'
$1.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lots ia the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level. no
grading to do; ready to build your little borne
on; close to electric ears and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., Room 5.
I1S5O— NEW cottage of 5 r. and b. : 2 blocks
frcm 23th and Mission sts.. on Prospect ave. :
street work done: fine view; will loan (1400 J
on this with easy payments. »
P. COFFIN 8c. CO.. 3303 Mission st. !
$6500 — NEW coiy homes Just completed: bar-
galr.r: beauties; see them; Clayton St.. south
cf Frederick: Ma*onlc-ave. cars to the door;
transfer at Haijrht cr Oak st. J. STIERLEN*.
owner, on premises: phone Page 9461.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loaa
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent. ,
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bulldlnc
HOUSE on comer lot; handsome home; stable.
etc.: for sale cheap. SCO First ave.
LATEST system sanitary plumbing by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers, 83d Howard.
REAL ESTATE Country For Smle.
FOR sale — Country homes in every county in
California, at all prices, from $450 00 to
$75,000 CO. Immense list to select from. It
you want land of any kind call on
HOWE & MERRITT.
J 052 Broadway. Oakland.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10- acre farm.
1200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet It's free 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal
FOR aale^ — 52 acres. Including hay crop now
growing; 3 hours by R. R. from S. F.: cash
or exchange town lot: value $2000. S. H.
TARR. room 217. Parrott*building.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64H
Market st.
rOIXT RICn.MOTO REAL ESTATE.
ALTA PUN'TA TRACT
i Stege; on Santa Fe electric road: $270 per
acre; building lots $100: orchards and build-
ings $400 per acre: monthly payments: send
for maps. HAIGHT. 401 California st..S.F.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
OAKLAND property to exchange for good
country property. P. C. LASSEN. 466 Tenth
St.. Oakland. Cal.
MILL VALLEY ADV'KT'S'M'TS
MILL. VALLEY REAL. ESTATE.
"^ELLING~FAST^
SELLING FAST. \
100 SOLD UP TO DATE.
Large new subdivision at the station of Mill
Valley; 40 acres in large lots In the very cen-
ter of the valley, none of which are less than
50x120; prices range from $400 to $*00; terms
10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly; grand
home sites amidst pleasant surroundings: beau-
tiful views of mountains and bay: the climate
unequaled; splendid opportunity for an Invest-
ment; land values bound to increase, as Mill
Valley is rapidly coming to the front; th« new
electric road has shortened the time to 40 min-
utes from the city. Mill Valley has all the con-
veniences of a city; fine supply cf pure moun-
tain water: good sewerage and drainage, elec-
tric lights, stores, churches and schools, and In
fact all conveniences: lots beautifully wooded:
Eend for our hew illustrated book descriptive
of Mill Valley.
LYON tc HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ON sonny side of Essex St.. one block from
Ashby station, between Adeline and Shattuck
ave.: bouse of 6 rooms; price reduced $250
for ten days: by owner only. C R. SHAW.
1566 Eleventh ave.: tel. Brook 130. Make
appointment by mall or telephone.
A. MURDOCH & CO.. 'South Berkeley station,
for bargains: we build, buy. sell or exehane*.
FBUITVALE ADV'BT'S'M'NTS
FRCITVALE REAL. ESTATE.
?40O WILL buy a 3-room cozy house and
chicken yard; lot SOxlOO: on corner; 2 blocks
to cars; terms; title perfect. SYNDICATE
INVESTMENT CO.. Frultvale station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAKDj REAL. ESTATES.
$250 DOWN: new home: close to center of
town and handy to n*w Key Route ferry: 5
and 6 rooms. GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1002
Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLANp^FUR^TTirRE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schelhaaii.llthat..cnr.store.Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments. 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc.; unfurnished or furnished to
order; new house. The St. Charles, 1560
Sacramento St., near Larkin.
ARDELL. 15 Page — 2 front furnished house-
keeping' rooms, gas range. $3 we»k: 1. $1 up.
ELL.IS. 685 — 2 sunny rooms, nicely furnished;
gas range, running water; $25.
FOURTH. 491— Front and back parlor for
housekeeping; also double and <tlngle rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 4.".0— Three very deslr-
able housekeenlng rooms.
GUERRERO, 1323 — Extra nice sunny rooms;
reasonable. Phcne Church !i33«.
HAWTHORNE. IS. between Second and Third!
Two sur.ny furnished rooms; stove; sink;
bathroom : yard ; . $12.
HYDE, 52$ — Nicely fur. front parlor suite; al"»o
3 sur.ny basem»nt rooms. Phone Hyd< 93O.
JESSIE. 323 — Lar?» front room. furnished
housekeeping. $12; small bedroom. $5.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; (team heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rate $30 up.
MCALLISTER. MS— Sunny front stiltes. $16,
$14. $7; gas range, hot bath, laundry; adults.
SIXTH. 310 — 1 or 2 large sunny rooms and
kitchen: complete for housekeeping.
THIRD 30S — Two grand connecting bay-win-
dow parlors: $14 only; gas and bath.
THREE cood unfurnished rooms on quiet
. «tre«t. suitable for housekeeping. Apply
fi42 Grov** »t-
TURK. 824 — Two lante sunny well-famished
rooms: complete for housekeeping: $16.
APAETKSHT HOUSES.
A- ST. HILAIRE APARTMENTS
LAGUNA ST.. NEAR, GEART.
Will be ready for occupation in a few
day*. Everything new. Make your
reservations now. Elegantly furnished
apartimnt* with private bath— 2, 3 and
4 rooms: steam heat: electric lljjht; ele-
vator; private phones;- rates reasonable.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 15.
1CS4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
| Beautifully light and sunny: 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $30 to $43.
Make reservations now.
THE LUNOER. »45 Octavta. cor. Hayes— Jast
completed: sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments;
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
; bathe- $40 up; rets.; aUo doctor's offices.
ST. CECILE. 113 Fell, above Van Ness — The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn, 3-room
apartments: private bath* steam heat. «iec>
eric lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to |5o.
ST. LOUIS. 1075. Jackson st — Modern 3-4-3
rooms; also single; furnished or unfurnished:
marine view; references. Phone East 1350.
IROQUOIS Apartments. 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
warth: 2. % and 4 rm*.: open for Inspection.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and L'nfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
hcuse. ' new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 SO per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house In
." this viclclty; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per nlpht. $1 23 to $5 per wee'.; and
light bouseke«ping room*: open all ntjrht.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. for No. 1
Fifth st.) — Kocms, 25c. 50c. $1. $150 night;
$1 50 to $10 we*_; house open all ni_hc
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for hay and oats — Office Depot
Quartermaster. San Francisco, Cal., 38 Mew
Montgomery st., March 15, 1901." Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, subject to n.-aal condi-
tions, will be received here until 12 o'clock
noon. April 15, 11XM. and then opened, fo.-
furnishing und delivering at San Francisco.
Cal.: Seattle or Tacoma. Wash., or Portland.
Or., twenty-three hundred and elchty-two
(2392) tonF of hay. and twentv-flve hundred
I and forty-six (2546) tons of oats, subject to
an Increase or decrease of 25 per cent. United
States reserves rlcht to accept or reject any
. or all bids, or any part thereof. Further In-
formation .and blank proposals furnished on I
¦ application. Envelopes containing proposals
to be marked '.'Proposals. for Hay and Oats.
No. 2155" and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL. Q. M., U. S. Army, Depot Quarter-
¦ ¦.master. ¦- 'v- *¦» •
PROPOSALS for plumbing supplies — Depot
Quartermaster's Office, No. 38 New Mont-
gomery «t.. San Francisco. Cal.. March 15,
1904. Sealed proposals, in triplicate, subject
to usual -conditions. -will be received hero
until 42 o'clock m.. Thursday. March 31. 19<M,
: Pacific Standard time, and then opened, for
furnishing pipe and fittings for Fort Mc-
Kinley. P. I. The United States reserves- the
right. to accept or reject any or all bids, or
any part thereof. Information and blank
. proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals* to b« marked
"Proposal > No. 2027" and ."ddressed to
MAJOR C A. DEVOL.' Q- M.. U. S. Army.
Depot Quartermaster.
A' WEEK'S news for 5 centa^-Tbe Weekly Call.
; IB pages.' In wrapper.for mailing-. $1 per year.
. LEGAL ADVERTI-EMEXTS.
BIDS arc Invited to supply material frr and
construct a two-story . brick warehouse at
North Beach. Plans and . specifications . jn
file. at. the Builders' > Exchange and at thU
office. 111 Front--st.. this city/ CENTRAL
CALIFORNIA CANNERIES. "
l'KOI'OSAI ,S.
UNIVERSITY of Calttornia. Berkeley — Notice
to Conu-ctors, Builders and Material- Men —
•Notice Is horeby Kiven that sealed bids are
i tollclted for performing the labor and fur-
nlsljlcg the materials fbr grading, leveling
and terracing certain portions of the grounds
of the Affiliated Colleges of the University
of California, fronting on . Parnassus
avenue, S_n Francisco. Cal.. and said
bids will be received at the of flee of
the Regents, South Halt. Berkeley, at
¦ or before 12 o'clock m. of March 18, 10O*.
Plans and specifications for said grading
have been adopted ana may be examined
dally at the office of N. BLAISDELL, rcom
18. 222 Sansome et., San Francisco, from
0 a. m. until 4 p. m. .
Bids must be In the form contained In the
specifications. No bids will be considered
unless accompanied by a certified check or
bond of Didder. In favor of the • Re-
gents of the University of California, equal
to ten (10) per cent of his bid, with sufficient.
FUreties, conditioned that if said bid be ac-
' ceptod the bidder . will duly enter Into a
proper contract and bond to perform the dnty
"and obligations In accordance with said bid
smd with the plans and specifications, which
are hereby required to be a part of such
contract.' The right to reject any and all bids
ie hereby reserved. .. <£AftP4G£5«*
B" order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of .Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON.
....-¦ Artlnc Secretary.
TYPEWBlTEnS ¦AXD^SUPPMES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1"
Smith Premier.' $25; other f typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
. Typewriting Exchange. 530 California st.
A FEW gocd typewriters at $30 each; get par.
ticulars of L .& M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery St.:; •„"' .-<^ " -
2D-HAND typewriters' sold, rented. . repaired.
,. : Webster Typewriter Inspev. Co.,,508 Market.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will bereceived at the Bureau of
Supplies and Account!*, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon.
April . r i, 1004. and publicly opened Immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the navy yards.
Mare Island. Cal., and Puget Sound. Wash.,
a quantity of oil-Insulated transformers, elec-
tric blowers, motor- gen era tor eet, rubber-
covered wire, flexible cord, conduit and Ht-
tlnss. electrical supplies, brushes, bolts, nuts,
iron wire, hydraulic Jacks, screws, pad-
locks, miscellaneous hardware and hand
tools, sheet bras* and copper. Ingot copper,
bar Bteel, steel blooms, plain and galvanized
sheet steel, eclder, slab and sheet zinc, flax
packing, gum - gasket, asbestos packing.
Tuck's packing, oxidized sheet gum, hose,
calcium chloride, gasoline, kerosene oil. tar.
navy lubricant, petrolatum, damar varnish,
lyp, acldsv potash, putty, white - load, white
zinc, miscellaneous ' palnU", brass pipe,
wrought Iron pipe, nickel , silver tubes, pipe
fittings, water-gauge glasses, . valves, lard,
beans, pepper, tinned peaches, tinned pears,
macaroni, memorandum • pads, miscellaneous
stationery, lavatories, ¦ bathtubs, etc.. lava-
tory fittings, workbenches, leather belting,
bellows leather, 5 ash. cotton twine, burlaps.
Dowlas linen, oakum, cheese cloth, white
' enamel cloth, rivet and, asbestos cement,
Portland cement, fire brick, safety matches
• and pipe bender. Blank proposals will be .
furnished upon application to the navy pay
• offices, San Francisco, Cal., and Seattle,
. Wash. H. T." B.- HARRIS, Paymaster ; Gen-
eral V. 6. N. ¦ ..',3-1-04
TO LEASE.
TO lease; Kenllworth Inn; romantically situ-
ated In Hill Valley; 50 minutes' rldo from
San Franc5_co; completel-. furnished; 40
rooms; steam and hot water. bath*; electric
lights: heaters; throughout:* elevator*. : etc. :
.Vent low. Apply MADISON & BURKE, 30
Montgomery, it. • ¦ ,- ¦ • •
BOOMS TO LET— Fnrn. awii Cnfara.
ALL newly furnished, beautiful rncnjs at t_»
WaTerty rcoinsng house. S41 CFarrall st.
BURNETT. 14_C Market (old Xo. 13tW>— Fur-
xtished rooms, suite, slngl*; also nnfurnisned.
CLIFFORD. 204 E1IH. corner Masco— Elegantly
lurnUced «uany roonii; prices reasonable.
CLMMIXG5 (The). «1S Post. nr. Taylor— Ju«t
opentd; desirably located; sunny, singls- i«o_is
and suit-., with private baths, hot and eel-
water, staira heat, electric lights. i>uon« mrtr/
rocm: elevator. P_oce East 1317 If de»lr-d.
EDDY. 110. n#ar Mason— Nicely furn. front
room or gunny suite; prices reasonable.
FOR tingle gtntleman. In private borne (no
other roomers), a Urge, sunny, furnished
room, with bath aajqlnlng; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blorks from pan— andla.
Address box 2C2». Call oKlet.
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. Golden Gate ave. — Sunny
furn. front room; all conveniences: $8-412.
GRAND Souttera. 7th and Mission— Room* 13o
tJ f 1 25 n!«ht: $1 50 to $C wlc ; reading -rocn>.
GUERRERO. 132:1 — Large sunny rooms, sing!*
or en suite; reasonable. Phone Church z:»'.<\.
ROYAL House. 129 E::i« — Incandescent lUbti.
reading- roo_i. smoking-room and ladlest' par-
lor; rooms per night. 33c to 91 SO; week. S3
to $9; month. $9 to |30; elevator on grouad
Doer; rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
SUTTER. 406— A bay-wir.dow unfurnished
sunny suite fcr gentlemen; rent 923.
THE AVOCA. 837A Misslcn— Furn. room, by
the day. week or month: prices re— sonablc
CNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rocms. 35c to $1 night. 91 73 to {8 week; elec-
tric lights (no ras), running water In every
rocm; elevator. read. -rx>m; free, bui; baggage.
VAN NES3 ave.. 51&— Elegant front parlor*
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAX WINKLE. 207 Jones — Nicely furnished
rooms. *¦_; tunny saites. 93 per week; bath^i
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. near Market—
; Moat convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
35c to fl SO night; $2 to 9% week; elevator;
•lee. lights: readtns-room: free bu«: baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth— Electric light In every
room; 15c to 91 a night; 73c to 93 a week:
open all night: convenient to all cars.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market «t. opposite Fifth.
Open nntll 11 p. re.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
731 Bush st.. abov* Powell: select first-
class r-«iJ»nt!al hotel: elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heated and orivate exchange telephones in
every room; terms reasonable. B. DLT
CARPE.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1013 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70*.
EAP.LCOUP.T.
1011 PIXE ST.— A EEAUTTFITL SMALL
HOTEL: JTST OPENING: EVXRTTHINO
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCS.
HOTEL HATTON.
977 Pine St.. n?ar Taylor: elegantly furnished
suites, private baths; all modern conveniences;
American or European plan.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class rear! with room.
single or double. *4 IC-$."» w-ek; American
family; home cooking; home comforts; piano.
HOTEL EL8MERE. 419 Sutter— Smny rooms;
excellent table: from $40; single 923.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— E!«gant!y furnished
suites, wltn batn«; a)»c» sine!*: homelike.
A BRANCH offlc- of The Call for the r*c«ption
of advertisem»nt» and subscriptions has b*«n •
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
ffp»n until il p. m.
noaiis wanted. •
WANTED — Sur.ny unfurnished room without
board: good neighborhood: gentleman: rea-
sonable rent: reference* exchanged. Address
R. T. B.. 753 Raker st.
SEWING MACHINES AND Sf PPL IE 9.
_'(¦" NEW White sewing machines for rent «t
92 txr month. Why not rent th« b*»t ?
White Sewing Machine Co.. Z>*J Post st. and
1S41 Fillmore st.
50 NEW White s«wine machines, slightly shop
worn, at half price or less at 300 Post it.
and 1S41 Fillmore st.
DOMESTIC — The machin* for family use:
best Is cheapest; sec;nd-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented low— t ratea.
Domestic office, 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new tripl»-fe«d ma-
chines: slightly u«»ri: 910. $15. 920; second-
hand. $3. 95. £3: all stylo*; guaranteed. New
Horn* P*wtnc M»cMt.» Cn.. Market st.
SPECIAL. NOTICES^
LADIES, send your address to 1120 Market St..
S. F-. valuable Informattn-: room 2.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES la EAR3
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlnghatn. 2O4 Sutter st.
STORAGE AND W A IIEHOLSES.
A^^MP^RTc^I^tcTiigT^irVan CO.; furniture
household goods stored, moved, thlcped. 7iJ-
731 Howard st. _r. Third; phone Grant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Cos., of -
flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 371.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. - 333 Golden Gate ave.: Phone East 123.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. WO
Mission st. : tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFlC^Storajr 1 ! and Furniture Ko-'t* Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phosa Jackson 2~1.
BEKINS Van an-1 Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main l*<40. Shtpplny at cut ratx.
STUTTER1XO AND STA3iaiERIXQ.
THE MELBOURNE SCHOOL for tht cure of
stuttering aid stammering, corner Van Ne«a
ave. and Market St.. 3. F.. has been estab-
lished In this city for 3 years and shall con-
tinue for It is founded on true merit and h&a
tfce commendation of reputable physicians
everywhere. It teaches a superior systetn
and challenges results. No wholesale c!a*j
work but 6 hours' Individual teaching daily,
reducing nervcus obstruction to speech and
leading to thorough control. Within reacti
of all.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
AMERICAN Can Company — A dividend of 2H
per cent has this day been declared upon th»
preferred stock cf this company, payable oa
April 1. 19C4 to stockholders of record at ths
close of business March 21. 1904. The trans-
fer bocks will be closed as to the preferred
stock from March 22 to March 31. both days
inclusive. Checks will be mailed.
R. H. ISMON. Secretary.
March 10. 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Horn* Bn!M-
Ififf Society, 6th floor. Mutual ?av»au Bask
building:, 70S Market st.. opposite Third—
For the half year ending 31st of December,
1903. a dividend has been declared at Um
' rate per annum of <12> twelve per c«at oa
capital stock acd participating- eertl— catea.
free of-ta-ea, parable on and after SATCR- '
DAY. January X. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIQ. Secretary.
3IARRIAGE IJC__N*SES.
The following marriage licenses wer* Issued
yesterday:
. Fernand Charbonnier. 30. 352 Third street,
and Aman.la Cev»sn*. 30. frlrt Pine street.
Lawrence H. Whttham. 22. East Berkeley,
and Evelyn Wilson. IS. East Berkeley.
George T. Bryant. 31, city, and Sue M. L.
Marrftte. 2S. Reno. Nev.
Thomas B. McMuUen. 36. r» Clementina
street, and Annie M. Cronin. 30. 73O Clemen-
tina street.
Vlncensco Cars^tta. 2S. Black Diamond, and
Orsola Aluto. 1*. Black Diamond.
Aaron Levin*. U, 1241 Sancb« str*«t. and
Eoter Levin. ?3. 141 Owe str**t.
Anton Krzanlcb. 24. Hamlet, and FUlomena
Popovloh. 18. 63 Federal street.
Edgar T. Bogle, SO. 205% VoiTt str-et. and
Crete J. Car-ton. IP. 205*4 Polk »tre*t.
EIBTOS—MRRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, tnarrt-xe acd death notice* tent by
mall will not be inserted. They must b« baaded
In at either of the cubUcaitoo oMces and b*
lndorsed with the name and residence ef per-
scrs authorized to bave the tame publisned.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of th* event are, published one* In this ccluma
MARRIED»
BEELAnD— Rt'SSELL— In this city. March
15 l!>04 by the Rev. James Wood worth. Abe
B^V^rd and Jessie I. Russell, both of \ aca-
. vilW. Cal.
LEW1N— STATEZNT— In this city. March 15.
1W>4, by the Kev. O. A. Pernthal. Carl Lewia
and U«rtha Statezny. both of. this city.
WITTING— LJNDEMAX— In this city, March
7 1904 by the Rev. G. A. Bernthat. LewU
V Wittina of Point Richmond. Cal.. and
Marie E. Ltndzman of Fort Wayne. Ind.
Continued oa Page Fourteen*, ._
nrLr wavted — mu.e — c«n. j i
VrAVTEr>— Tt:os« w_o 6erve<S In the U. S. Vol- j
ur.teers '.2 the war wi-.h Spain and th<" Philip-
pine rebellion to apply for two moruhs" exti- j
pay. which '.s BOW -doe. For particular*, call i
or address F. H. WILSON. 450 Parrott bids;..
Can Francisco; open frcm V a. m. to 0 p. m.
TVANTED— Lr borer* end mechanics to know
that Ed Ro'.kta, Reno House rroprietcr. has
sMimS 1C0 new roon:s to the Denver House.
2U Third st. ; 250 rorcis; *JJc to SOc per eight.
MAN to do Jar-tor vork for tuiticn in S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard ft.
\vfNCKESTi:R Hotel, 41 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; :»c r.'.ght; readlr.x-rooms;
free 'bus and ba£sr.ffe to and from ferry. _
A BRANCH office of Tie Call for thf reception
of advtrtisetnents and iubscrlptlcns has been
op*-n- at 100* Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Oj*n en— J 11 p. — i.
ADvT-.IiTISEMENTS. eubfcriptionp received at
<^i!l tiramh office. cor.L>uncan and Church ets.
ALL f'.zrt jnen's shots, slightly damaged, half
rrice. r«C3 Mies'.cn rt., bet. lrt and 2d sts.
GET you fhoe* half-scled tvhi'.e waiting; 25c
to !>.«.. Ota Missxn St.. bet_ 1st and 2i sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
REGULAR auction sales cf horses, buggies.
• agcrs And harness every Monday _t 11
o'clo-.k at C15 EilSs ft.; all horses guaranteed
to b« as repr-sor.ted. 8. WATKINS. Auc-
tionw. Phcne East 741
AfOTION tale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth rt. ; every horse mu?t b«
as repr^sem*^ or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
t=AN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
fusion begtr.K June <t. Catalogs by arpW"S to
DR. E. J. OREELEY. 510 GoMen Gste ave.
CAMPING bouse wagon: preat for theatrical
l«artu*. Owner at 6*0 Howard et.
HORSE, harness, business buggy; a bargain.
Address A. F. E.. room 207. Crocker bldg.
AT"<"TION every Tuesday. 11 a. m.. cf horbes,
wagers and harceE*, at 1140 Folscni st.
Al EXPRE?S wagon. light camping wagon
and F'->-cart fcr sale, cheap. JaK Mission St.
Lwrgest aFsortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey. harness, work, driving horse*. 15th- Valencia.
II«IM> TO LET.
A— 1'HINTEP list of hou!^» to let; rrrr.tl for cir-
' G. H.UXBSEK -t CO.. 20 Montgomery.
M.-ALLISTER, l_t_j— 11' rooms, bath and bil-
Itsrd-ix-^m: ffO; water free; mo-iem.
EEF: Rentlac Department M - Friedman & Co..
237 Post st.. for n'c« fiats and ht>u*»#.
BEFORE movins get our printed list of houses
to l.-t BALDWIN A HOWELL. .5 Post st.
tlOCHS- TO Li:T — Ktn.MSHUD.
A — 10 KOOMS. bath, basement, heater, lavndry.
'i£rge garden, conservatory ", sunny side Sac-
r£ir.<T;io St.. near Pterc*; will leas"?. For per-
rr.it to insect ax ply to SPECK & CO., 203
-. ,. v , ...,, r y f .
LOST AXO KOIND.
ACCIDENTALLY l««t at Ir.gleside Racetrack
'T. February 13. 1^04. a p*ari stickpin; mi-
c.um e;ze<3 pearl, gold back setting; pin
trot-ked from us*. A suitable reward will b«
I a'd ty coir.tnunicating with P. O. box
ZIPS, .<an Francisco.
L'^ST— A rarsbook with the Hibemla Savings
i-nd Lc*n Soc:*:y of San Francisco in the
riarr;* cf MARSHALL J. FAIRFIELD. No.
3S-l<Hb Jlit finder will please rttum to
ta:.k.
r — On Castro-st. car or near Powell and
Market ets.. a silver !<>cket ; monoRram L. M.
!• . •with '.ajy's j>ortrait inside. Please ad-
£:r*$ 4i'> Seventeenth e?.
i- : >T— E^uirraux r-itcb; r.i.w Zaz»; with
Bctsra C30 Taylor st.; reward.
MEDICAL. '
LADIES definTig sa_e. sure and Quick relief
rr:rr» irregular. tits cent-It me at once; ray
methods are always *hfe. painless and reli-
afcif: 1 nave no failures; cure guaranteed; no
fees; 17 years' experience ia all
fema'e cisorder?; call cr write without delay;
aflvice free; corre*i>on<!rnc* confidTiiial.
DR. WHITE. 7C2 Market rt.. rooms 7 acd 8.
KS8L PR. WYETH. rpecialist for all female
c^rr.pla int* and irreg_iarities; Jr.Ftant relief
iT'jarar::red: 3O years' erperJence. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male 'roubles and irTTgularitiee; Instant re-
li«f r-arar.twd. lOOSH Market et.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble ccrsult this racialist on female
cTcria'nt*: poatttvetjr corrected; the unfortu-
net* helped; the most difficult cases trtated;
sdvice free, orfice. 10U Market st.
A DEE7TTCTB worcpns friend: free secluded
hem* ccrir* r— Tfi^fTfirl; also housekeeping
to- mn; jntanfs adapted tn good homes.
MR? DR. FUNKE 141fi <»th st.. Alamfda.
Pr*. ?jo^'dwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Necs — Expert
In ob««?trir-j5. female o<->mplaints; inst. relief;
tr«~aunf r.t $J0: hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRF. V. ALLEN. Ill* Market— Reliable ladies'
»pecUl;«; a private home before and during
coBfin*in*-r.t". b*st medical care: low f*es.
DP. and MPJ= DAVIES and HINDOO ETEBBS;
ortpinal method of tr^atm^nt. 112C Market st.
PR. ROSEN resides 2295 Folsom st.. corner
geth; XtiiUt . relief cr no fee; 110.
DP. NG. TOY KEE, 31» PowellEt., opposite
Vr, 1 ?-! «TUfi*p; all ";vj«'« cur*d by herbs.
M1SCELHXEO15— FOB SALE.
BOILERS, ert-ir.es. 2d-hand n-.achlnery. McIM-
TO ___-_L! VOI ' PMAN ' lfl5 - 197 Fremont st.
DCEP YOUR "POOF LEAK? ~
P.epeir It with e'.aterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
r«*d» no painting or eoetlng; Rood over eld
ircn. tin or Fh'.nple*; b»*t for new roof*
ELATERITE HOOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, bcllers. engines, pumps,
rtllejs. ehaftlng. etc. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and »"_cr-anged: see Eunday papers.
H £. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT ypvr old and n»w m«al and shingle
rr-^fs with Afbestcs Roof Paint: guaranted
tc rtcp a : lesks In the on? and preserve the
new. 206 Front St.: tel. Main 142&
A— FINE «uits. $7 r-O; dre** pants. $2 50. Origi-
ns! lUaflt Clothing Parlors. 2SS Kearny et..
tiear Buah; open to & p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, tells cr rrnti gear machinery, en-
rir.es. boiler*, water pip*, shafting, pulleys.
»tc. WHITELAV.'. S8S-2S9 Er^ar st.
ALTERATION rale— B«-« f2 SO hats. Jl 5oT
Pcj-u!ar Price Hatter. -T3O Kearny st.. near
Fine: open to '.' p. n>.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foct-forrr. shoe* at t- &0; ws pay express
rherres. n et.. Exam. Md.; caUlos fre«.
¦¦'-:'¦ ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
traced; painting, tinting, papertng. M. M£R-
IGAN. 13C2 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
FOR 6»Ie — Piano, music box. organ, harness
and modern bouse. 422 Orange st., Oakland.
FOR »?.!»— Plumber'* ton!?, grinding stone and
barbers' chairs. 053 Howard st.
liAR fxtares cf th* Rocklagham, Powell and
C'Farre!! ft*., for sale.
BARGAINS Jn fine diamonds and watch**;
<a*y payments. GARTN. 8f«3 Hay ward I l<ig.
Encjejjpedia Britannlca; Scribner edition; half
morocco. King's Old Bockstcre. 01 McAllister.
GASOLINE Vr.F:r.es bought, sold, exchanged.
'< ; !.'!-¦ C. £yke«-Cor»ot) Co.. 254 Oale st.
SAFES and cash reirlsterm. new and second-
hand. I. FIIEEMAN*. 1329 Market at.
DESKS bcugtit. add and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission; tel. Buth 467.
r'-i'.i: rood eecood-hand gasoline en^ncs. 1 to
13 h. p.. rhesp. E. B. Bedc tc Co.. 122 Mkt
fcLOT machines cheap; Chicago*"*. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
i'rTEKS and safes; see the complete line at 1924
Market, ab. Van Nesa. RICHARDSON BROS.
>AFK&— Sew and second-hand. THE HER-
" \'N SAFE CO.. 307 Battery «t
OUVIXO f-lctur^s. csaglc lanterns/sale, rental;
harcaint nullard tc Dreck. 131 Post st.
SA FES— N«w and second -fcandL E. B. BECK
A Co.. 122 Market St.
GASOLINE enpine*. automobile* and launches;
all >i»Mi. J. E. DOAK. 45 Fremont «t
ASK for price* on tecond-hand typ-wrlten; all
maV*s. ALEXANDEIt ft CO.. 110 Montg'y.
A Riuxrjf efflp* of Th» Call for the wep^
lUtn of advertisements and «ub*^rlptlone has
l*"i ot^nt-fl »t l«v« Market «.. opposite
!'ifih. Oix»n until II r>. m.
j • MISCnLLANnKOUS WAXTS.
WANTELJ — Llrht cteel or Iron rails. «i«ht cr
twf3v«- if^ind. in rood condition. EDWARD
A. ELLSWORTH. NUea. Cal. »
FHOE.S wented; tnirnt & cai-toff; hirheKt prcs.:
neu- tc »d hacd rhw» for sale. 749 Mlesioo.
IWKJKP and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES
1140 Ma:Ket M.; phone Jffsie 3741. cr postal!
1 PAY hlrtert prlc** for alt kinds of rast-cir
cicti.init: tend portal. MORRIS. !W3 Fotsom.
TILTOX want* cood wcor.d-hana clotbinf and
- tbeatrlcal tocda. 151 Otb «U; teL Jessie 2S5L -
MOXEV TO LOAM^
AAA—HEKMAX M'JKPHY.
C01-Ctl_-e&J Kx__ilner Bulidlnz
Q-.lck «etU*me_ts : co disappointment.
£av« expense* by dealing directly.
i:»tate*. tecond ir.crrcape*. undivided Inter-
acts, tssiisnment* of rrnts. property In trurt.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terest* In propcrtv purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confl-entlal.
When You Se*A Money
See HERMAN MU«PHY :
MANHATTAN LOAjTcOMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL. Jl. 000.000.
REAL. ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST li PEIl CENT.
FIRET. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES. .
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL, ESTATE
REAL, ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-6-8-10-11. CltCCKER BUILDING. S. F.
. WILL, LOAN
A reatcnabie amount on
1st. _d or 3d
Mortgage, en real fftata or
• Ctatrels. in city, town
cr country.
Low rate cf interest.
Give full particulars.
et property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box' 408. Call office. .
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant*. Uarr:st«r», boardir^-ho'j«»s. without
security; easy payments; large business li
4C principal cities. Toitr.an. CS3 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or plan?,
¦without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates: Mrlctiy confidential. National
Credit Co.. 6S r»n>.-hoe bid*.. 117o Market st.
HIGHLY resrect&Ue L.rivate p!ace to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
ptr cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
1<O« Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
1 PER cent oa furniture or pianos; no removal:
no commission; no ¦ publicity: $25 up; quick
quiet, conndentlal. 2e Montgomery ft., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan en low Interest; sold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious Etones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 1«3 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM SI TO JIP.QOQ.
NEW easy method — To wage earner* on un'.n-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Coir-rany. rooms 4S-49. Chronicle bids.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Arency. 143 Phelan bid?.
AT lewest rates on furniture and pianos: strict
privacy :no commission ; installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. B38 Kearny.
35r ON furniture & planes; $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, <5 Eddy st.
1 PER cert on furniture or piano. 10O3 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. cf Wyoming: leans money to
salaried' employee. I}. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notec without
Indorser. MORKLL, €.>0 Examiner bal'.dir.K.
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS.
FOLLOWS:
Two Stelnway, one Chickerlng. one Bterlir*.
one Ha*n£S Bros., two Steck, one Steinway
frrand and one Steck grand; also many other
pianos from $75 up and square pianos from $10
up. all fully guaranteed.
liENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrcll st.
A CLEARANCE eale of upright pianos from.
$50 up; greatest bargains ever offered In San
Francisco; _ll makes. We rent upright
pianos fcr (2 t>er month; new at $3 p«r
month; all money paid applies en purchase
Heine Piano Co.. 235-237 Geary «t- Oakland
addr«-*s l_f-2 Broadway.
THE planes of the late OTTO BENDIX, ccn-
sistinfct of Knabe grands and Kohler & Chase j
upripht?, all purchased last June, are of- I
ifr^d for *ale at a '.arge sacrifice. Apply at |
cr.rc to MRS. OTTO BENDIX. California |
Conservatory. 132".» Sutter St., cor. Franklin.
OICLY Diano house in the city fn_t will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
C months' rent end cartage off purchase
price; sole a«r*nt» for McPhail. Schiller and
ether makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 5€O Hayes.
A FEtV unredeemed Etorage pianos (also furni-
ture) Trill »>? sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S ttcnuce, 1C36 Market St.
SMALL pianos for small apartments: great
tone; rent or sale. Byron Mauiy. 30S Post st.
NEW nprlght piano* sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ _ CO.. 16 McAllister st.
5-PEDAL up. ;Chlckerinjr baby grand;
Shoni#£er. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
IF you went bargains come now; planes al-
most given away. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
A FISCHER ucrieht piano for £al«: good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy planoa. Cedllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-312 Post st.
PERSONALS.
A fresh, .smooth and youcg looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The sumbir, 781 O'Farrell St.. n?ar Larkin.
Call or write for book. free.
"Hints on Beauty."
A! SUITS to order at 41 weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take all
tbetr fh rt ends, called remna nta. We make
you a fine suit on Instalments cheaper than
others do for cs.sh. LEON LEMOS. merchant
_tallcr. 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th Sth._
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tuts, hot and cold water; trained nurses a»
ttteniants. Prof, and Mrs. Morria. 116 Taylor.
THE Star Hair P.emedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdress-eru' ;ac-
rept no cubstltue. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
A — Microtlne. a positive "cure for catarrh, cold
In the head, hay fever., headache and all
bronchial affections; Ernd for free sample,
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO., 272 Uth.
N«"'TICE of sale — l."nr»d* > em«'d overcoat, etc.,
h»>ld for debt. 6X6 Minna St.; will be eold
as j>»r law for whom concerned.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
612 Shotwell: consultation free; call or write.
Cancerous lump*, forts. Impure biood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
HAIR prown gray restored: pimples.wrlnkles,
all blemishes removed; shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post parlors 13 and 14.
AT Ifss than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market sC
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Tfcurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louis* Foster's
Ecbool of Dancing. 1S56 Market, nr. Lnrkln.
Superfluous hair and moles removed by electric
needle. Dr. and Mr». Travers. 1170 Market.
SUITS to order on installments cf $1 per week.
NEUHAUS X: CO. <lnc). tailors. 729 Market.
LIQUOR habit cured !n two days or no charge
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. 937 Market stl
Actlna restore* lost eyesight ;eures deafness and
catarrh. A»VIDA CO.. 3324 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 603. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room SS.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTErN & CO.. 733 Mkt."
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 00; dress pants $2 SO
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color, $1; at all druggists'.
CHEAPEST und b»*t in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, rent to eny address In th«
t'nittxl ptat^K or Canada one year for 11.
i\4l:_J£TJIY.
MADAM DEVAfiT 7~
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBE3
BUILDING. 133 POST ST.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. »clentlfic palmist. 515
Taylor >t.. peer Geary. Phone Black S81.
PAINTINO. ETC.
BOOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting.
Harttpann Paint Co.. 313 Third: tnl.Maln 413.
PHYSICIAN* AND SURGEON*.
DrTc. C O'DONNELL — Office' and reaidenc^
1021 Vi Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD. *kln and rectal disease* a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073*4 Market it
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herd doctor.
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four y«n at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary St.. near Leavtnworth.
DR TONQ PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai, Lerb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by uie of t>eibsi and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE corner Geary and Taylor Ms.
WONC WOO, tfw famous b«rb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Cclncte aerfcs. 710-S Clay at.
f "ij 1 ""^ \ y -^r- -^r- y^*X _ 1 /^^ *K fl i A V ft 1 TW T I 1 1 \ 1 X f"^ ,
FREE to Want Advertisers, in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
n^Vi Y* tt TIT 'f /Hi*
Pit Gem Mail Clipper
KEEPS THE NAILS IN SPLENDID TRIM.
j The "Care of the' Nails" is a subject in which every one should be interested, for it is rightly
taken as an open index of good breeding and character. Laxity in the care of the nails indicates
slovenliness. Perfect grooming of the nails is often an important element in a favorable decision
when applying for a business position.
< A simple manicuring should be given the nails at least once a week. The cuticle should be
pushed back with a fiat pointed (oar-shaped) orange stick. Soak the nails :n a bowl of warm,
soapy water for five minutes. Then cut the nails the proper shape, being careful to remove all hang-
nails. File carefully and rub in some cold cream or vaseline; this will prevent brittleness. Re-
move it with a cloth and apply some manicure powder; rub briskly with a chamois polisher,
too high a polish is considered bad form. • •
The almond shaping is preferred; oval at the delicate finger-tips and short, at the sides.
This cutting and shaping of the nails can be perfectly done with The Gem Nail Clipper, a complete
manicure set. For sale everywhere at 25c.
• !, INSTRUCTIONS HOW TO USE-
I GEM NAIL CLIPPER -^, 1
To 'use. the Clipper press down firmly on the lever and release the lock by turning the
star. In using the Clipper always keep the lower jaw against the end of the finger, and, by sim-
! ply changing the angle of presentation, cut the nail short or trim as desired.
"The Gem" Nail dipper
TRIMS THE HAHS AJtY DESIRED LENGTH AND SIZE
i \ Perfect for Removing Hangnails.
\ The Gem Nail Clipper is made from a high grade of tool steel, neatly finished in nickel;
! is less than two inches in length, and has no sharp corners to wear the pocket. The jaws are
j hardened and ground accurately. With proper care one will last several years.
After practical and thorough tests, made by disinterested parties, it has been demonstrated
! that "The Gem" is the best Clipper upon the market. y
POINTS FOR ATTENTION . '
; We Invite Your Careful Attention to the Following Facts Relative, to "The Gem" Nail Clipper:
| FIRST — It is made from a high grade of tool steel and its, jaws are hardened, tempered
i and ground. With ordinary care one will last for years.
! SECOND— Having two cutting jaws, actuated by a powerful leverage similar to the or-
| dinary cutting plyer, it makes a good clean cut and does not tear or pull.
i j THIRD— The jaws are so constructed that one may trim the nail to any desired length or
| shape.
I FOURTH — It is a perfect tool for removing hangnails.
FIFTH— It cuts, cleans and files.
I SIXTH — It is just the thing for both fingers and toes.
j SEVENTH — It is about two inches in length, and when closed has no sharp corners to wear
the pockets.
EIGHTH— It is a practical manicure.
This of 1st remains open Thursday, Friday and until II p.m. Saturday evening,
after which hour it -will be absolutely impossible to secure one of these useful Nail Clips.
I ONE OF THESE GIFTS CAN BE SECURED BY PLACING A WANT
AD IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL, AND IN NO OTHER WAY CAN
I ONE BE OBTAINED. .. j _
—TELL YOUR WANTS—
.* IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL .*
And you will be speaking; direct to OVER 85,000 REGULAR
- SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising: medium.
It is safe to fieure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to
*55,ooo- PERSONS, most of whom are home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable class of our
community to consider in locating your. wants and advertising your wares.
Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Sun-
day s l.— 11.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100y*Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m. : N
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
• 300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. .
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m. ' «
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; -open untll-10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open until 9 p.m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
• 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. ra.
2200 Fillmore street; open 'until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1113 Broadway ...Telephone Main 108S
BERKELEY OFFICE: %
2145 Center Street. Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store Par* StreetNEW YORK. March 17.— The French Line
steamer La Bretagne, while on its way out of
the harbor to-day, with and sunk
two Baltimore and Ohio Railroad floats con
taining sixteen freight cars. La Bretagns was
uninjured and proceeded oo her trip. No one
vu Injured. - .
The steamer City of Puebla sailed on
"Wednesday for Victoria with an assorted cargo
consigned to the port of destination and tho
principal British Columbian ports, valued at
Jlfi.02!» and Including the following:
715 pksrs fresh fruits, 195 pkgs fresh vegeta
bles. 24.591 lbs dried fruit, 2130 lbs raisins.
C07 pkgs paste. 545 lbs bread,. 124 cs desiccated
onions. 1277 lbs 1 cs cheese, 25 cs spices,' 468
lbs coffee, - 53,595 lbs malt, 6000 lbs salt, 4000
lbs rice." 286 gals wine, 3712 lbs butter, 2 cs
honey, 5776 lbs beans. 1 1 pkgs I groceries and
provisions, 14 cs table preparations, 727 -lbs
dried fush. 5 cs canned goods, 70 cs eggs. 3400
lbs chocolate, 7S pkgs wire rope. 21 pes steel. 27
pkgs paint* and oils,' 25 crts roofing,. 6 . cyls
ammonia. 1950 lbs pis tin. 33 cs arms and am-
Shipments to the North.
Break Laundry Windows.
Quon Sang Lungr. a Chinese laundry
man at 129 Eighth street, complained
to the police yesterday that a gang of
boys amused themselves at nights by
breaking his windows and throwing
rocks at him. He was advised to
swear out "John Doe" warrants for
their arrest and he did so before Police
Judge Mogan.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW- YORK— Sailed March lft— Shin TUlie
E Starbuck, for Honolulu.
• FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG — Arrived March 16 — Br stmr
Empress of China, from Vancouver; Br stmr
Indrasamha. from Portland.
PANAMA — Arrived March 6 — Stmr City of
Para, hence Keb 13.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed March 3 — Stmr Shaw
mut for Tr.coma.
Arrived March 17 — Stmr China, hence
Feb 11.
Sailed March lti— Fr bark
La Rochejaauelln, for Lelth.
RALMOUTH— Arrived March 17— Br ship
Balmoral, hence Oct 22: Nor bark Vivax. from
Eureka: f!r i»hlr» Imberhoroe, hence Oct 22.
NEWCASTLE. AUS— Called March 16 — Schr
Borealis. fof Honolulu.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed March 16— Schr
A J West, for Grays Harbor.
Arrived prior to March 17— Ger «hlp Schur
bek. from Hamburg.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed March 17— Stmr Do
minion, for Halifax and Portland. Me; stmr
Ionian, for Halifax, via Movtlle; stmr Bos
tonian. 'for Boston.
ALEXANDRIA— Sailed March 17— Stmr Ro
manic, for Boston, via NaDles, Gibraltar and
Azore3
NEW YORK— Arrived March 17— Stmr Ce
drlc. ¦from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr
Prlnz Adelbert. from Genoa and Naples.
Sai'ed March 17 — Stmr Bremen, for Bremen,
via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr La Bre
tagne. for Havre.
ANTWERP— Sailed March 17 — Stmr Oxo
nian, for Boston.
CHERP>OURQ — Sailed March 17 — Stmr
Kaiser Wllhelm der Grosse, from Bremen and
Southampton, for New York. ¦
LONDON— Arrived March 17— Stmr Mar
quette. from New Tork.
QUF.ENSTOWN— Sailed March 17 — Stmr
Majestic, • from Liverpool, (or New York. ¦ -
It was "the old ' woman" who first read In
the smiles of their fellow-passengers that her
husband's fears were groundless, and .. when
Captain Thomas said. "Let go that line," and
yanked the engine-room telejrraph It was she
who persuaded the old man to take a chance
and stay with the ship.
"U'r a-rainin*. mister. Them chimneys o'
yourn is catchln* a heap o" water. First thing
ye know, out goes your flres. and. I've run
threshing machines long enough to know what
happens to a inglne .when the fire goes out.
¦Wait till the rain stops or put me an* the old
woman back on the pier."
An aged oouple delayed the sailing of the
steamship State of California yesterday for
some minutes. The lines were cast off and the
vessel started Ftreamward, when an old man
with fiowinjt white beard rushed to the bridge
and demanded that he and his wife be set
ashore.
'•Hitch up to the pier again, captain. Me
and the old woman ain't a-goin'.V
Not knowing how serious the old man's
necessity might be. Captain Thomas passed a
hawser to the wharf and held on while the
passenger stated his case.
"Why don't you want to go?" asked the
eUIpper.
Feared Rain Might Smother Fire.
The schooner Otlllle Fjord was cleared yes
terday for Topolobampo. Mexico, with 432 tons
coal. 2 bales rubber hose and 1 cs lamp goods,
valued at *2S10.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. .
The British bark Ventura, on Puget Round.
Is chartered for lumber thence to Melbourne
at 35s.
,..-'J;: -•:¦¦. — ?
A Small Cargo for Mexico.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
* — i
The Pacific Mall Company's liner Siberia,
which sa^Js on Wednesday for the Orient, will
take about R000 tons of general cargo. This
includes 25.000 cases of canned salmon and
1500 tons 'of barley for Japan. !
Salmon for Janan.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Umntilla,.... Puget Sound Ports. ... Mar. 18
Redondo Portland & Astoria.... Mar. 18
Knterprlse Hilo Mar. IS
Spokane Humboldt , Mar. 18
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul.. Mar. 18
Elizabeth Coqulllc River Mar. IS
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. IS
Alliance.....; Portland & Way Ports. Mar. 18
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 18
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 19
Jeanie... Seattle. & Tacoma Mar. 18
Lwlanaw Tacoma Mar. 19
Mineola Tacoma ;...... JMar. 20
Anubis Seattle '. ...jMar. 20
G. W. Elder..! Portland & Astoria |Mar. 20
Coptic China & Japan Mar. 21
Hero | Oyster Harbor Mar. 21
Centralia '• Grays Harbor ........ Mar. 21
P«a!nler Seattle & Whatcom . . . Mar. 21
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 21
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 21
Del None Crescent City Mar. 21
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Slar. 21
Kureka Humboldt Mar. 22
Senator Puget Sound Port Mar. rJ
Tltania Nanalmo Mar. 22
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 23
City Sydney. . New York via Panama. Mar. 24
Santa Rosa. .. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 24
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Mar. 25
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 25
Oregon Portland & Astoria Mar. 25
AmasiB Hamburg & Way Pts. Mar. 25
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Mar. 26
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. ... Mar. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports .... Mar. 27
Alaskan New York ...Mar. 27
. . TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
„ ., March 18.
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 20
Mariposa... Tahiti direct ...... 11 am Pier 7
Oregon..... Astoria Hr Portland 11 am Pier 24
Arcata..... Coos B. & Pt Orfd| 4 pm Pier 13
. ¦ ' March 19.
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 2
Czarina Coos Bay direct.. ...... Pier 8
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 4o
Eureka.... Humboldt .1 8 am Pier 13
March 20.
Spokane Humboldt |1 :30 p Pier 9
Elizabeth.. Coqulllc River..... 2 pm Pier 20
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Bonlta ..... Newport ft Way. . 9 am Pier 11
' I March 21. .
tTmatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
¦ ¦. - \ March ¦22.---V '>< ¦- - , ,
Jeanie Seattle ;& Tacoma, 5 pm Pier 20
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
March 23. \ - :i
Pomona.... Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 9
Siberia . China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
March 24.
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.' 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way... 2 pm PJer 7
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
March 25.
Anubis. Hamburg &' Way.. 2 pm Pier 19
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul. 11 am Pier 7
March 26. ;
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Senator.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. .. ¦, For. i . Sails.
Huirboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 18
J Dollar.."... Valdez & Seward... ... Mar. 20
Alki. ......... Skagway. & Way Ports. Mar.20
Dolphin...:.. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 22
City of Seattle Skagway & "Way Ports. Mar. 23
Farallon...... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 29
The Cnlted States revenue cutter Daniel Man
ning, Captsin Tuttle, went to sea yesterday in
eearch of the ship W, H. Macy, which was
sighted off Coos Bay last Friday by the steam
ship City of Puobla. The Macy's sails had
been blown to ribbons, her running gear was
trailing over the Bide, all hands were • below
trimming the cargo, which had evidently shift-'
ed, and donkey engine and windmill were
pumping water as fast as they could operate.
The Puebla Etood by the dismantled ship, but
received no response to her offers of assistance.
To Aid the \V. II. Macey.
The Norwegian bark Sappho, out 127 days
from Pernambuco for Port Natal, was quoted
for reinsurance yesterday at 10 per cent. The
Englehorn Is quoted at 10 per cent; the Clema
tis at 20 per cent and the Zwljger at 00 per
cent. -\. ,4;^;^ '-w . • :
The Overdue JAst.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Marl
posa. Captain Rennie, sails at 11 o'clock this
morninpr for Tahiti with one of the largest car
goes shR has taken to the South Sea port. She
will also carry a large number of passengers,
most of them tourism desirous of exchanging
summer seas and tropical scenes for the cold
and rain of early spring.
Mnriposa Sails To-Day.
Movements of Steamers.
Thursday, March 17.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Stmr Bonlta. Gielow, 64 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Diego. k .
Stmr Czarina, Johnson, 51 hours from Coos
Bar.
Stmr Colon, Irvine, 21 Vi days from Panama,
via Mazatlan G days.
Stmr Montara. Rellly, 93 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, 31 hours from San
Pedro.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola, 5 days from
Eureka.
CLEARED.
Thursday, March 17.
Stmr Pomona, Johnson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast f-teamship Company.
Stmr Oregon, Doran. Astoria; Oregon Rail
way and ' Navigation Company.
Wh ctmr Karluk, McGregor, whaling; Roth,
Blum & Co. - ,
Wh stmr Beluca. Comisky. whaling; Pacific
Steam Whaling Company.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Webb, Nanalmo; Western
Fuel Company. !
Schr Otlllle Fjord, Bosch, Topolobampo;
Chos Nelson & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, March 17.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego
nnd way ports.
Ptmr Pomona. Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Pacific, Johnscn, Prince William Sound.
I Stmr Alcazar, Johnson, Point Arena.
Stmr Alltak.- Rasmussen. Alitak.
Ship Eclipse, Backus, Blalne.
Schr Ivy, Jcn?on, Coos Bay.
RETURNED.
Ship Eclipse, hence to-day for Blaine, re
turned to port on account of south-southeast
gales. ... ¦ .
Stmr Pacific, hence to-day for Prince Wil
liam Sound, returned to port on account of
strong south-southeast eales.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 17, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind south; velocity 30 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
. Feb 0 — Lat 45 south. Ion 60 west, Gership
Elfrie«'.a, from Rotterdam, for Oregon. . .
March 10 — T<at 40 north. Ion 10 west. Br
ship Balmoral, hence Oct 22 for Antwerp.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed March 15— Stmr Santa
Ana, for Valdez.
Arrived March 17— Stmr Humboldt, from
Skagway.
SEATTLE— Sailed March 17— Stmr Dirlgo.
for Skacway. '
PO RT HA DLOCK— Arrived March 17— Schr
G W.Watson, hence March 4.
REDONDO— Sailed March 17— Stmr Whlt
tler,' for San Francisco. ¦
TACOMA— Sailed March 17— Stmr Edith,
for San I Francisco. « -
EVERETT— Arrived March 17— Stmr'Geo
Loomls, from ' Tacoma, and tailed for San
Francisco. " ' .
BELL1XGHAM— Sailed March 17 — Stmr
Rainier, for Han Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed March 17— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco.
SKAGWAY — Sailed March 13 — Stmr Faral
lon, for Seattle. March 14 — Stmr Dolphin, for
Seattle.
,.: ASTORIA— Arrived March 17— Schr Virginia,
hence March 12. , . ¦
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived March 17— Br
ship Zlnlta, (torn Port Blakeley.
BANDON. ORE— Sailed March 17— Stmr
Ellzaeth. for San Francisco.
.TATOOSH— Passed out March 17— Stmr
j Chas NelBon and Ger strar Anubis, for San
; Francisco; stmr Rainier, from Seattle, for
San Francisco. «
Passed In March 17— Nor stmr Tellus, hence
March 14 for Ladysmith.
; SAN PEDRO — Sailed March 17 — Tug Daunt
less, with' stmr Grace Dollar in tow for San.
Francisco. ;" •', ¦¦<¦ „
. -Arrived March 17 — Stmr Marshfleld, from
Little River; stmr Coronado, from Grays Har
bor. ' ; ¦•¦¦ ¦ ' ¦ ' ¦¦¦- ¦ -' - ¦ ¦> - ¦ ¦
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed March 17— Br
ship -Senator, .from BelHngham, for South
Africa. •,
'ABERDEEN— Sailed March 17— Schr Ariel,
for Port Natal; stmr. Centralia,. for Tan Pedro.
ISLAND PORT. .
HONOLULU — Arrived March 17— Stmr TiJx
an, * from Seattle.
Shinning' Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Rudolph Lorenz, who lives at 730 Broadway,
tried to commit suicide yesterday by taking
hydrochloric acid. Treatment at the Harbor
Hospital proved successful and Lorenz was re
moved to his home by his wife, whom he re
cently sued for divorce. It was despondency
over the separation which Induced Lorenz to
attempt his life. When the pair left the hos
pital a reconciliation seemed to Have taken
place.
Poison Fails to Kill.
The steam whalers Beluga and Karluk are
ready for sea. Captain Macomber of the Be
luga considers Friday his lucky day and will
try to go to sea to-day. The Bailing of the
Karluk will be postponed until to-morrow, as
Captain McGregor has all a sailor's supersti
tion about Friday departures. Both vessels
will spend next winter in the Arctic. The
Karluk'B crew has signed for a cruise not to
exceed thirty months, but Captain ilacomber
Is prepared to remain in northern latitudes for
five years, his crew having signed for "'thirty
two months and not to exceed sixty months."
1 £-¦ ¦
Ship for Five-Year Cruise.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I, e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. X.. in charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
March 17, 1004.
Time Bull.
The following affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, ma'!:-
OREGON AND WASH1XGTOX.
Columbia Klver Entrance, pages 43 and 51 —
Columbia Kiver outside bar whistling buoy,
B. and W. P. S.. marked "C," heretofore re
ported missing, was replaced March 14 and Is
now moored in 102 feet of water about flve
• iKhths of a mile W. SW. of Its former posi
tion.
North Head Lighthouse. N. by E., % E.
Cape Disappointment Lighthouse, NE. 94 N..
northerly.
Points Adams (discontinued) Lighthouse, E.
WASHINGTON,!
Grays Harbor Entrance, page 73 — Inner
buoy, a P. S. first-class nun, reported adrift
March 12, will be replaced as soon as practica
ble. By order of the Lighthouse Board,
C. G. CALKIXS, Commander, U. S. N..
Lighthouse Inspector.
Xotice to Mariners.
munition, 31 pkgs paper. 42 bale« twine, 2
l'kgs dry (roods, 2 cs hats, 7 bales hose, 1 flask
quicksilver.
SHIP ECLIPSE AND STEAMER ALI
TAK. WHICH WERE FORCED
TO RETURN TO PORT.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. MARCH 18.
Sun rises g ; i7
Hun seta !!!!!!!. 6:19
Moon sets 7:49 p. m. 1
' C) Time Timel Time Time
£. Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W L W| H W L W
18 oTu 6.0 6:02 1.4 12:24 4^7 eTlii L3
19 0:30 5.0 0:42 1.1 1:0ft 4.7 6:44 1.6
20 1:01 5.0 7:22 0.9 1:52 4.5 7:22 2.0
21 1:34 5.1 8:07 0.7 2:47 4.3 8:04 2.1
22 2:12 5.2 9:02 0.6 3:50 4.0j 8:53 2 7
23 3:02 5.2110:05 0.5 5:02) 3.1) fl:5S 2.»
S4 ( 4:03 5.1111:13 0.5 6:17j 4.0|ll:12 3.0
XOTE^ — In the above exposition of the' tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth, time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there, are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights Kiven are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and .Tide.
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship Colon, from Panama and way
ports, was off the heads early yester
day morning, but did not venture in
until after sundown, too late for quar
antine inspection. She anchored off
Angel Island and will be passed'by the
Federal health authorities first thing
this morning.
The steamers Pacific and Alitak and
the ship Eclipse of the Alaska Packers'
Association started for sea, but re
turned when they found raging out
side a forty-mile an hour southeaster.
If the weather moderates they will get
away this morning.
Although the waters of the bay were
comparatively smooth yesterday,, a
howling gale was raging at the very
portals of the Golden Gate. Few ves
sels came into port and those that
started for sea turned back when they
got a taste of the quality of the weath
er outside. The pilot boats Gracie S
and America, under closely reefed sail,
found their regular station too stormy
and cruised the greater part of the
day in the quieter waters in the vicin
ity of Fort Point. When the weather
is too vigorous for these stanch little
craft sailormen begin to take notice
and regard with wholesome respect the
gale that chases to cover' the pilot
schooners.
100 Savage 08| ICO Union Con.... S3
100 Savage 02! 100 Union Con.... SJ>
10O Savaga 9lj 200 Yellow Jacket. SS
KiO Savage 74| 100 Yellow Jacket. 37
200 Savage ...... 72;
TOXOPAH MIXIXG EXCHANGE. ¦
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mlnir.g Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
BOO Evelyn 33! 100 Mont Ton ...1 2S
COOO MacXamara . 21I100O Rescue 69
ICO MacXamara . 10! lOO Ton Belmont. . 51»
ICO MacXamara . 20! 60O Ton Belmont.. 63
. Afternoon Session.
1000 Cent Eureka. 83| 300 MacXamara .. 21
1C00 Cent Eureka. 82| W> Paymaster ... 11
10O Cent Eureka. l«»i 200 Ton Belmont.. i'.O
100 Cent Eureka. MJ 2i:O Ton Belmont.. 5»
11)0 Cent Eureka. M UTO) Ton Midway., .'.n
SOO Evelyn V-i, €0O Ton Midway.. 3S
2f!O Evelyn 33! 10<> Ton X Star.. HI
100 Evelyn X2i 10© Ton X Star.. 3Z
.W MacXamara. . 101 !W> United Ton .. 14
900 MacXamara . 20| 100 United Toa .. 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. March 17 — 1 p. m.
Bld.Ask.! I Bid.Ask.
Alpha OT osiJuBtic* OH f«
Alta "7 fcOjKentuck 02 04
Andes 51 S2J Keyes Graes.. 35 —
Belcher 25 2«[l.ady Wash — m
Best & Belch.2 »."¦ 2 Ml Mexican 2 10 2 15
Bullion 11 12i Occidental ... ss no
Caledonia ...I 13 1 25iOphir 5 12V^ 5 25
Challenge Con :<4 :t«! Overman .... 2rt 27
Chollar 24 25r Fotos! 27 28
Confidence ...1 «C 1 l»>fScorplon 07 (Y*
Con C & Va.l !*•¦> '2 Ort' Sck Eeleber. .. O» tn
Con Imperial. 02 ail Silver Hill .. 65 7«>
Con NY.... W. i^j Savage «4 «"?
Crown Point. 24 25 Sierra Nev .. 67 »W
East Sierra N C5 — I Si Lnuis .... 10 13
Eureka Con.. — , r >0! Syndicate .... M ?."»
Exchequer .. 15 17! Union Con . . SH «*
Gnuld & Cur. 4S 49; Utah 20 ~l
Hale & Xorc. fw» f» I Yellow Jacket 37' ."S
Julia 0.1 »'3!
TOXOFAH MIXES.
Bid. Ask. t Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 1*1 Ray F.xten .. — it
Esperanza ... — Oil Ray Ton — n
Gipsy Queen. — 30' Hay & OBrfen — 10
Gold Anchor. — 25: Rescue 07 M
Gold 51 Con . . 03 — | Ton Belmnnt. • 67 ."•»
llannapah .. — 15; Ton & Cal .. — 2»
Hannapah M. — 2." Ton Exten -.67 US
Little Ton .. — .V>'Ton Fraction. 1<> 43
MacXamara . 2O 21 1 Ton & G W.. 02 —
Mizpah Ex .. 10 — iTon of Xcv.,6W6 23
Mont Ton ..1 20 1 25 Ton X Star.. 3ft .12
X Y Ton — 02 Ton Midway. . 37 .IS
Paymaster .. — 12;'i~>n Superior. — 11
Pine Grove... — 1'IIUnlted Ton ..18 2f>
THURSDAY. MAKCH 17.
Marlett and Abraham B. Johnson to Peter
Torlni. lot on E line of Octavla street, S5 J«
of Union. N 23 by S 84:6U; 510.
Jacob . and Katie Clauss to Frederick A.
Har.ke, lot on E line of Webster street, 100 S
or Pine, S 37:6 by E 137:6; ?10.
Anna M. Schilling to Elizabeth Klynn, lot
on N line of Bush street. 55 E of Scott. E
by N 137:«; $10.
Mary McHenry to August and Jennie M.
Brucker. iot on \V line of Baker street, 30 N
of Geary. N VIM by \V «8:0; $10.
Stanley G. Scovern to Clara L. Scovern, lot
on b line of Golden Gate avenue. 96:10^ W of
liaker street. W 25 by S N7:0; gift.
j Edward and Sarah A. Philips to Charles J.
Kt-enan, lot on M* line of Lyon street, 33:6 S
of CUy/.S 30:ti by W 87:6; Jlo.
Edward J. and Elizabeth F. Duffey to Jes
sie E. Malliet. lot qu W line of Stanyan
street, 150 S of Carl. S 50 by W 107:6; $10.
Albert Cunthier to George Gunthier, lot on
M line of Elliott I'ark. 1-J5 W of Steiner street,
\V SZ by N 7o; m*»>.
Sophia Martinovich (by John Lackmann.
Fheriff) to Georce R. Williams, lot on S lln<!
of Turk street, \V of Parker avenue. RW
17r>, SE 305:7. XE 53:6U, NB 130:4^. N 270;
also lot on NW corner of Crescent' and Pu
laskl streets. N 125 by W 140, lots 787 to 796
gift map 2: S22<*).
L. C. Mershon to Abble L. Mershon, lot on
E line or Rondel clace. 159:4 S of Sixteenth,
S 22:2 by E GO:1O; girt.
An^ele and Robert J. O'Reilly to Gustavo
Laux-, lot on XE corner of Henry and Noe
streets, N 27:t> by E 105; $10.
Henry and Jennie Weingarten to James M.
Poscus and Annie Pomme, lot on S line of
Twenty-fourth street. 400 \V of Noe, W 60
by S 114; $10.
Daniol Murphy to Thomas TV. McCoIllatn
rerecord 1(J T). SH2. lot on S line of Broadway.
YV of Stockton street, W 21 by S 137:6;
fC<O.
Isador Glascr to Anna Glascr (wife), lot on
S line of Pine street, »>S:6 E of Powell, E 23
by S CO; gift.
John H. Wise to Goorpe D. Wise lot on 8
line of Jackson *trret. 87:6 W of Leavenworth.
\V 2S by S i;:7:«: $K>.
Federal Security Company to Henry E.
Bothin. lot on SE line of N'atoma street 613
XE of Second. XE 2."i by SE SO; $10.
Henry E. and Jrnr.ie W. Bothin to Federal
Security Company, lot «m N'W line of Howard
street. 4CS:6 XE of Second. XE 44:6 by NW
ST.: $10.
Xora Keefe and Delia A. Manninu to Julia
Jaegelinsr. lot on XH line of Harriet street,
ISO BE of Howard. SE r.O by XE 75; $10.
Julia Jaegeling: to Hedwig Damon, same;
$1".
John H. Wipe tn Georce D. Wise, lot on PE
line of Harrison street. 225 XE of Eighth XE
CO by RE 75; $."..
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
; to Elese. A. Hrcxler. lot on X corner of Bran
nan and Eighth street*. XE 275 by NW 6S:9;
fl".
Richard M. .Tessup to ¦ J. T. Bloomfleld lot
on E line of Indiana street 125 S of Twenty
sixth. S 37 :C by E 100; $10.
; George W. and W. J. Shreve to Charles
Mapsini. lot on W line of Eleventh avenue
I 275 S of California street. S 25 by W 120; $10
; David F. and Minnie McGraw to Henry and
| Anne J. Burrows, lot on E line of Fourth ave-
I nue. 225 x of Clement street, X 50 by E 120;
Carl and Sosan Goldberg: to Jacob Wetssbein
lnt on E line of Seventh avenue, 100 N of
Point Lnbog avenue. X 25 by E 120; $10
Albert Meyer tr> Thomas E. and EdaBree
lot on W line of Fifth avenue, CO N of 1 street
N 25 by W 35; $10.
Henrv G. Watson to Carrie A Watson lot
on \V line of Eighteenth avenue, 100 S of M
street, s 25 by W 120; also lot on E line, of
EishteenUi avenue. ICO S of M street, S 25 by
C C Belden to T. J. Dunn, lot 21, block 23
Lakeview; $300. • '
McEvven Bros, (corporation) to Marguerite
P.. Evans, lot on E line of Clayton Btreet
13t5.S4 X of Ashbury. X 25. E 92.23. SW 30 81*'
W 74 20. block K. Park Lane Tract 7; M0.
PUIIman L. and Rebecca A. Magee to Harry
G. Jonrensen. lot nn W-llne ot Treat avenue
Ofirt B of i>reclta avenue. S 25 by W 10T., rre
cita Valley, lot 141; $10.
Same *-o Mary A. Jamieson. lot on W line
of Treat avenue. 450 8 of Preclta avenue S
25 by W 10.*i; $10.
Johan B. and Ellen 'Reite to Joseph and
Karen Tliime. lot on E line of Bradford street
; 37 S of Powhattan. S 23 by E 86: $10.
City T>u!lrtin0 and Loan Association to
Frank W. Kngel. lot on S line of Twenty-sec
find ftreet, JCo W of Douglass, XV 25 by S 114
lot 48. Ileyman Tract; $10. "
C W. and Mary A. Pope to J. B. Coudrey,
lot on E line of Madrid street, 150 X of Japan
avenue, N 150 by E 100, lot 3. block 34, Ex
celftlor Homestead; $10.
Erick Thompson vs. Christina Thompson or
Johnson Uiy Clarence Crowe.ll, referee) to
Erick Thompson, lots 732 and 734. Gift Map
3: 5000.
Hiiiirters" Contracts.
J. W. Hamilton fowner) with John A. Hoota
Contractor), . architect— All worlc for a
two-story frame building (flats) on lot on S
line of Golden Gate avenue. 154:11 E of First
avenue. E 25 by X 137:6; S4950.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Continued From Page "Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
SAN JOSE, March 17. — On a muddy
diamond, with rain falling throughout
the game. University of California
nine defeated Santa Clara College on
the latter's ground by the score of 13
to 4.
Berkeley Defeats Santa Clara.
"WASHINGTON, March 1?.—Secre
tary Taft to-day continued his discus
sion of Philippine matters before the
House Committee on Insular Affairs.
He suggested an amendment to the
coinage law, so as to authorize the
Philippine Treasury to issue sliver cer
tificates in denominations of 2. 6, 10.
20, 50, 100, 500 and 1000 pesos, instead of
denominations of from 2 to 10 pesos.
He also advocated the repeal of the
tonnage tax on vessels arriving at Ma
nila, to encourage the landing of large
steamers from San Francisco, Hong
kong and Singapore. ¦
Taking up the railroad feature of the
Cooper bill, which guarantees 4 per
cent on an investment of $40,000,000 in
railroads in the islands, the Secretary
said he visited New York last week, and
had been assured by capitalists there
that they would go into the enterprise
if the Government would insure a cer
tain income on the investment.
In the evening Sacramento Company
5, Oakland 11, San Francisco 3, Stock
ton 12, .Vallejo 10 and Golden West 13,
uniform rank, under command of Major
Montgomery, and. preceded by Oak
land's brass band, escorted the su
preme commander to Golden Gate Hall,
where he was tendered a reception by
the members of the order in this city
and vicinity. There were abouts SOO sir
knights present. The stage was occu
pied by the guest of the evening, Past
Grand Commander H. L. Tickner. State
Commander S. W. Hall; J. C. Sharp,
chairman of the evening; Dr." J. E.
Thompson, Theo Frolich of San Fran
cisco Tent. J. L- Fine of Oakland, A.
Traube of Pacific, George E. Banhill of
San Leandro, H. ftismon of Alameda,
R. II. Boscwith. E. K. Shanley. W. N.
Harley, A. R. Healey, C. Irving and
Lieutenant G. V. Leroi. After an or
chestral selection J. C. Sharp delivered
an address of welcome, which was fol
lowed by selections by the Maccabee
band, specialties by "Billy" Hynes.
violin solo by Miss Adele Weilsch, se
lections by the Maccabee Zither and
Mandolin Club, an interesting and log
ical address on the order by the su
preme commander'and Southern melo
dies by the Alabama quartet.
Wednesday Lillian M. Hollister, su
preme commander of the Ladies of the
Maccabees, opened a school of instruc
tion in Pioneer Hall for the benefit of
the officers of the local hives and those
in the bay counties.
In the evening there was initiatory
work in the presence of a large number
of- members of the order. Twenty-five
hives were represented and were wit
ness of the new ritualistic work, exem
plified with fifty candidates by a spe
cial team. The work was followed by a
programme of entertainment and the
serving of a collation.
Lieutenant George V. Leroi was the
toastmaster, and between courses
called on a number of the 150 who
were seated at the festal board to say
something for the good of the order
without assigning any particular sub
ject, believing from oast experience
that those selected to speak at ban
quets never talk on the subject as
signed to them. The following
named were called u^on: J. C. Sharp
of Golden "West Tent, chairman of
the San Francisco committee; E. K.
Strowbridge of Haywards, James
Boyer of Pacific Tent. J. L- Fine of
Oakland, Major C. E. Montgomery of
Golden West Tent. Dr. P. W. Brown
ing of Haywards, A. Traube of Pacific
Tent, Captain Seeley of division 3 of
the uniform rank. William Hammond
of San Jose. D. B. Richards of San
Francisco Tent, R. H. Bosworth of
Berkeley, Commander Harley of Mis
sion Tent, Sir Knight Maddox of St.
Louis, Mo.. Sir Knight E. C. Stock
of Golden West Tent, Judge George H.
Cabaniss of Golden West Tent, Great
Commander S. W. Hall. Past Great
Commander H. L. Tickner and Su
preme Commander Markey, who ex
pressed his appreciation of the hos
pitality extended to him during his
stay in California.
Wednesday morning the reception
committee of the local Knights of the
Maccabees took Supreme Commander
D. P. Markey and party in charge and
in automobiles took them to all points
of interest in and around the city, then
to the Presidio, the park and the cliff,
after which they were served luncheon
down town.
Last evening the supreme com
mander was the guest of honor at a
banquet in the California Hotel, ten
dered him by the San Francisco com
mittee. There were present a number
of members of the order from tents
on the other side of the bay.
The Alameda County committee
having charge- of entertaining Su
preme Commander D. P. Markey of the
Knights of the Maccabees had made
arrangements to take him and his
wife and prominent Maccabees over
the county of Alameda, showing them
the University of California, the
Deaf and Dumb and Blind Asy
lum and other points of interest,
but was unable, on account of the
downpour, to carry out the pro
gramme that had been prepared and
decided to postpone the courtesies un
til a future time.
Believes Repeal of the Law
Will Encourage Landing
of Large Vessels at Manila
Entertainment in Golden
Gate Hall and One in the
Pioneer Reception Rooms
DISLIKES TONNAGE TAX
Suggests the Issuance of
Silver Certificates for Use
in the Philippine Islands
WELCOME COMMANDERS
CMef of Kniglits of Macca
bees Is Guest at a Happy
Gathering at Festal Board
SUPREME HEAD
IS BANQUETED
TAFT FAVORS
PAPER MONEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1904.
Steamship Colon Lingers Off the Heads All Day % and
Comes Into the Harbor Too Late to Pass Quarantine.
Vessels of Salmon Fleet Start to Sea but Turn Back
FORTY MILE AN HOUR GALE RAGES
OUTSIDE PORTALS OF GOLDEN GATE
14
OCEAN TRAVEL.
„ . — .,. . ...
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves. Piers 9 and 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketchikan. Wran?#l
I Juneau. Hatnes. Skasway.
' etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Mar.
1. 6, 11. 16. 21. 2*. 31. Apr.
. 5. Charge to compaay 9
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Pert Townsend, Seattle. Taeoma, Everett. Bel-
llnsham— It a. m.. Mar. I, «. 11. 1«. 21. 29. 31.
Apr. 5. Change at Seattle to this company'*
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattlo
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry. Bttfly
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:33
p. m.. Mar. ». 11. 17. 23. 29. Apr. 4. Spokane
1:30 p. m.. Mar. 2. ». 14. 20. 26. Apr. 1.
For Los Anzeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Rfdondc), San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays 9 a. m.
For Los Anzeles (via San Pedro and East
Sap Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (3aa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Huencme.
Coos Bey. » a. m... Mar. S. IB. 24. Apr. 1.
Bonltn, 9 a. m.. Mar. 12. 20 29. Apr. 5.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th eacii
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sailiaj
dates.
TXCJUIT OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st- i Palace Hotel). 1O Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight oflice. 10 Market »u
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger A«ent.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutler st win
call for and check baggage frora hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
O, /?. & N. CO.
OREGON sails March 1?, 2J». April 7. 17 27
May 7 and 17. GEO. XV. ELDER sails Marcti
13. 23, April 2. 12. 22. May 2 and 12. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
rail line from Portland to all points East*
Through tickets to all points. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of SDear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH
Gen. Aet. Pass. Dept.. 1 Monsomery «t.- C*
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent Freight Dept.. :*
Montgomery *t.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Men. 13. 11 a.rn.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land snd Sydney. Thur.. March 24. 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 2. U am
«il.S?BE«£UtBaS.«,ljti..ItirtJ!a 3 ,843S2rfcia
iR&tS&iU! Saw lUh-U. Ifts&tl
C OMPAGXIS GENERALS TBAH3ATXAKTIQ3S. .
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKE-PARI3.
Sallins every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pltr 42; -»S>*3F3C«'
North River, foot ot Morton st.
• First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Ssc-
ond class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AN'J
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldins).
New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflo Cojuic
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Maze Island, and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:3O p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallej*
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.- ex Sunday. Su:.-
<Jay. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare. fiO cents. T*l.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Misslon-st. dock. HATCH
EROS.
DEATH NOTICES.
Anderson, Tflcls Openshaw. Edmund
Braas, Harold F. Pater. Marie
Brown, Martha & Phalr. Harry -
Clark. Thomas Phelps, Charles I.
I>urTy, Valentine Ports. G. E.
Fletcher. Mary A. Robart. Aucust T.
Fuller. David Schmidt. Gcorg
Hanley Mrs. E31a A. Bchmlerer, Minnie J.
Hogaa. Joseph H. Smith, Elmer J.
Jackson. Farrar Fullivan.. Cornelius
Kingsland, Thomas Sullivan. Dennis
McBvoy. Annie Wallace. Norn
Narinlan. 6t<T>hen -Ward, Ellen
Nieroeyer, Henrv Watson. Marr Ann
O'Hara., Catherine Whitney. Helen F.
AJCDERBON— In Suieua. Cal.. March 16, 1004.
Nlrts Anderson, beloved husband of Margaret
Anderson, father of Mrs. Louise Bush of
New York and F. E. Anderson of Suisun.
and brother of Mrs. A. Madsen of Denmark
and Mr*. W. M. fmlth of San Francisco a
native of Denmark, aged 61 years 11 montns
and P\ days. V_ _,.
ETTuneral In Suisun Sunday, March -0,
at 1 :30 o'clock.
BRAAS— In this city. March 16, 1804, Harold
F. Braac, dearlv beloved son of P. vV. and
Dors. Braaa and beloved brother of Mrs. T.
Bleu«s and Annie. Tillie. Emma. Elsie.
Arthur Charles. Willie and Henry Braas. a
native oi San Francisco, aged 2 years and
7 months.
CT-Frienfls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of his parents. 4330 Seventeenth street,
between Clara avenue and Corbett place,
thence by carriage to Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
BROWN— In tfcis city, March 17. 1904, Martha
E-, beloved wife of the lat<» R. Nelson
Brown, and mother of Charles H. and W alter
H Smith, a native of Portland. Me., aged
SO yars 6 months and 8 days. (Portland,
Me. paper* please copy.)
C^Friendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
tSaturday), at 2 oclork, from her late resi-
dence. 2i4t» Washington street. Please- omit
Cowers. Interment private. |
CLARK— In this city. March 17. 1304, Thorns*
Clark, beloved husband of Marraret Clark,
a r.ative of England, aged 72 years 11 months
and 4 days. A member of the Cambrian
Mutual Aid Society and Amalgamated So-
ciety cf Cariienters and Joiners.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, S5 Silver i»tre*-t. thence to Good
Satr.iiiua Misricn. Second street, near Fol-
tom. for services, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment <~Jt>um Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric car from Eichteenth and Guerrero
etretts.
DUFFY— In this city, March 15, 1904, Valen-
tine, beloved brother of James Duffy, a na- '
live cf County Mona^han. Ireland, aged 45
years. A member of Riggers' and Stevedores'
L'nioj. Local No. 222. I. L. M. and T. A.
tC3*Friends and ac<rualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday/, at 1 o'clock, from the oarlors of
Valente. Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street.
Interment Holy Crore Cemetery.
FLETCHER— In this city, March 17, 1904.
Mary Alice, beloved wife of Joeeoh H.
Fletcher, and mother of Geort* T. and
Kthel M. Fletcher, and Fister of Mrs. J. W.
Richards«on and William Hlmes of Modoc
County. Cal.. a native of New York, aged
R-'J years 10 months and 24 days. (Sierra and
1'lumss papers please copy.)
C7"Frier.(is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Mizpah
I'reFbyterian Churrh. Harrison street, near
Fifth. Interment Mount Olivet Cejnetery. by
electric funeral car from Elzhti-enth and
Guerrrro streets.
FULLER— In CuwIL March 17, 1004, David,
dearly beloved husband of the late Mary A.
Fuller, a native of Genessee County, New
York, aced 74 yeray.
HAN'LEY— In this city, March 15. 1304, Mr?
Ella A- Hanley, beloved wife of D. J. Han-
ley. daughter of Her.ry and Gertie Grimen-
ttein, and Bister of John, Frank and Elma
Grtmecstein and the late Annie Grimenstcin
also Eister of Mrs. W. H. Shayer, a native or
Red»oo<J City, aged 23 years 5 months and
11 days. (Redwood City pajjers please copy.)
C^-Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
March 19, at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 547 Fim avenue. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery-
HOGAN— In East Auburn, Placer County, Cal.,
March 14. 1HO4, Joseph H. Hogan, dearly be-
lo\-ed husband of Phoebe F. Hcgan. and lov-
ing father cf Charles Sidney and Florence
Karma Hocan. a native of Massachusetts,
ajr*-<1 .*>•> i'fars.
ET Interment took place March 15 at I. O.
*X F. Cemetery, Auburn.
JACKSON— In Giant. Contra Costa County,
Cal.. March 14. 1804, Farrar Jackson, son
Of the late Dan and Frankie Jackson, and
brother of Arthur. Walter. Ethel, Alice and
I»n Jack*on Jr., a native of New York, aged
22 y»>arB and » months.
C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
Msrch 20. train lcavinc Giant at 10:13
o'clock, thtnee t" West Berkeley, wh're
«*rvices will be hf!d at the Church cf The
Good Shepherd, conwr Ninth and Bristol
streets, at 11 o'clock. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
KINGSLAND— In Oakland. March Ifi. 1904,
Thoraif *,.. bfloved hubband of Margaret A.
Kiagsland. and father of William Jacques,
Pearl ana Olive Klncsland, a native of
Boonton, N. J..' aged 77 years 7 months and
L5 dait. (New York City papers please |
copy.) :.J j ¦.-.. ;
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited :o attend the funeral services I
Saturday afternoon. March 3:», at 2 o'clock, I
at the family rrsid*>noe. 1005 Market street, I
f>akland. Interment private. ;
McEVOY— In this city. March 17, 1H04. Annie. !
beloved daughter of Michael A. and Annie j
McEvoy, and sister of Mary Agnes, lsa- ]
bf-ll», Monica and BtCSbea Joseph McEvoy, !
n native of 8an Francist-o, aged 9 years S i
months and 2S days. " j
C^FnTdR and acquaintances art? respect- j
.fully invited to attend th«- funeral to-day j
«Fridsj>. at 9:Sfi o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ;a«sO Nin*tpf>nth street, thence to Mis- !
sion Dolores Church, corner of Hixtotnth '
and Dolores streets, fer services. Intcrm-:nt
Holy Cross Cemetery. j
NARINIAN— In Oakland, March 17, 1904, I
Stephen M.. beloved husband of Bertha F. f
Narinian. and father of Stephen Jr., Lillian '
and Adele .Nartnian. a native of Smyrna, I
Turkey. agr>d BS years '2 months and 22 days. |
NIEMEYER— In this city. March 16, 1HO4, 1
Henry Xiemeyc-r, a native of Germany, aged I
44 years I mor.th and & days. A mem-
ber of Court Sunflower No. 187, Foresters of
America.
IETRemains at the funeral parlors of the I
H. F. MaasE Company. 917 Mission street. '¦
HARA— In thi* city. March 1«, l»O4. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Colonel James O'Hara,
C. S. A., a native of N'orwich, Vermont
ETThe funeral wJH take . place to-<lay I
(Friday), at 9:.» o'clock, from St. Ignatius i
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele- {
brated for the repose of her eoul at the above I
hour. Infrment National Cemetery, Pre-
eidlo.
PENSHAW— In Ocean View, March 17, 1904.
Edmund J.. beloved infant son of Edmund
J. and Mary A. Openshaw. a native of £an '
fr rancisco, asr'd •> mouths and 14 days.-
C?"The funeral will take place to-morrow !
(Saturday), at I(> o'clock, from the parlors j
ot Carew & Er.c!i*h. l"j Van Ness avenue. I
Friends are invited to attend. '
ATER— In this city. March 15, 1904 Marie '
i'ater, r#lovtd mother of Mrs. Captain L. i
Scott, Mr*. A. Sterjrros, E. and F. Pater and ;
Mrs. T. E. Ruddick. and grandmother of j
Mrs. H. Ratter and Alexander, Charles. ¦
Jules and Lecn Stergroc.
PHAIR — In this city, March 16, 1904 Harry I
Phalr. beloved father of Eddy Phair, a na-
tive of Calilornla. a*ed 45 years 2 months
end 15 da vs.
C^Remair.s at uarlors of Valen'.e, Marini i
& Co.. 1524 Stockton strceC ;
I11KLPS— In Alsmeda. March 16. 1904 i
oharle» 1. Pheli^. husband of Frankie j
FhHps. a native of Brooklyn. X Y !
K7 Friends are invited to attend the funeral :
«*rv1ce* Friday. March is. at 11:15 o'clock. '
at th* residence of his mother, 21MJ Clinton i
avenue, Alameda. Interment private.
PORTA— In this city, March 15, at St !
Joseph's Home. G. E. I\>rta, a native of ¦
Switzerland, azod 49 y«-ars.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
March 1U. ot »:3« o'clock, from the parlors '
cf J. S. Godeau, .-JO5 Montgomery avenue. !
theace to the Italian Church, where a
requ:em lilch mess will be held for the re- !
pese of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock '
Interment Ito!y Cross Cemetery.
KOBART— In Oakland, Cal., March 17 1004 !
August F. Robart. beloved son of Mary and
the lute Jules Kobart. and brother of Theo- .
done Itobart and Mrs. X. D*,Ityan, a native
ot Ear. Jrancltco. Cal., aged ;;« yearn 2
rrKinths and 1* days. ¦ -.
C^frriends and acquaintances are rr'nect-
.'uliy invited to attend ihe funeral on Sun-
day. March SO. l«04. at 2 o'clock, from his
Jate residence. S18 Chester street. Interment
St. Mary* Cemetery. Oakland. . . „ - •.
SCHMIDT— In this city, March IC. 1904 Geore I
tJchmicX a native of Germany, aired 4^ \
fcCHMIERER— In this city; March 16 1904 a t
her residence, 419 Nineteenth avenue Rich :
mond. Mrt. Minnie J. Schmlerer, 'beloved
wife of Georce R. Schmicrer, and eister of
V. W. nnd Edward Pyne and Mrs T j
Barrett, a native c£ Ireland.
C^Notic-e of funersl hereafter.
SMITH— In this city. March 17. J004 Elmer
J.. beloved son of Richard H. and May ll
Hmlth. and brother of Roy Smith, a native
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
i&ucceesor* to Ftannagaa &, Gallagher 1
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M^r
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERSL
20 Fifth «t.. opocite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS. '
Funeral Directors and Embalroers— — —
. Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 8tW MISSION, TeL South 167
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Filth. st. I
Flntmt Equipments at Moderate Rates.
We desire to express our heartfelt thanks
to the many kind friends and acquaintances
who gave 63 many evidences of their sincere
and comforting: sympathy and beautiful
floral offerines durinr the sad bereavement
or beloved husband and father, Joseph Butt-
pen bach.
MRS. WlLHELMlNE BUTTGENBACH
AND FAMILY.
CARD OF THANKS
(CTFriends, acquaintances and members of
Iron Molders' Union No. 164, are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-day (Fri-
day), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Gantner Bros., 1209 Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to the Church of
St. Charles Borromeo, corner of Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, for services, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WALLACE,— In this city. March 17, 1904,
Nora. beloved wife of John Wallace,
beloved sister of Maggie Reynolds, Mrs. T.
Mulvlhill and Mrs. T. Giblen, and beloved
aunt of Mrs. M. Kelleher. a native of Ken-
mare. County Kerry, Ireland, aged 32 years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Saturday), from her late residence. Sixth
Btreet. between Powell and Standford ave-
nue. Emeryville, at 9:30 o'clock, thence to
St. Columba's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
WARD— In this city, March 16, 1904, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Frank Ward, mother of Fran-
cis E. Ward, daughter of the late Catharine
and Robert Brady, and sister ot Catharine.
Robert and Thomas Brady, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years 6 months and 0
days.
irTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attfnd the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission etreet. between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her *oul, at K o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemuery. by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
WATSON — In Antioch. March 10. 1904. Mrs.
Mary Ann Watson, beloved wife of Charles
Watson, and mother of C. F. Watson, Mrs,
Letitia Mannine, William and the late
Arthur Watson, Frederick, Mrs. R. McClure.
Mrs. William Nelson. Mrs. J. Irwin, Thomas
Watson and Mrs. L. W. Mclntock. a native
or Ireland, aged 7S years.
WHITNEY— In Nashua. New Hampshire,
March 17. 1904, Helen F. Whitney, sister of
Mrs. David E. Josephi of Berkeley, Cal.
of San Francisco, aged 2 years 1 month and
9 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parent?, 1341 San Bruno avenue. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. March 16. 1904,
Cornelius J., beloved husband of the lata
Ellen Sullivan, and loving father of Mrs. R.
A. Summers and Mrs. J. V. Haire, a native
of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 81 years.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 33 G«-and avenue, between Ninth and
Tenth streets, thence to Bt. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be' cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
SULLIVAN— In UjIs city. March 17, 1904, Den-
nis Sullivan, a native of Ireland, aged 5S
years.Do lem 5«i.ll4\ll.'.V (191JJ — 11S«^
MVA 24tT5«.lO4 111%! SPC 1 or 5»-115 119
NRR of OBs.107 — I Do strapd.-lCS 1 -; —
Do 5a 113^119 |3 P B R «s.l.14^t34*i
X P C It 5».1O5 — (S V Wat 6s.l0»HlW\
N C Ry 3a. — — | Do 4s 2dm. 9S»» —
N C P C 5s. — 10f> I Do 4s 3dra. 9S\ 89V*
N S K U 5s. — 100»iiStkn GAECs. — —
0 G LAH 5s.l0G — U G * E 5s. — 108
O W gtd 5s. — — I
WATCH STOCKS.
Contra Costa 3S 41 |Port Costa...— .-->
Marln Co... — C2H!S V Wat Co. 30*4 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP.— 3SIS F C 4 E. 5*4 — .
Mutual EL.— 11 |Stkn O & E. 3 —
Pac L Co.. 554 — >V G A E Co. 27V_ 32**.
TRUSTEES" CERTIFlCATEa
8 F G _ E. — — |
INSURANCE.
Firem't Fnd.310 .t«3 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Blc. — 125 |L P * A... 132^ —
Anglo-Cal .. — f«>-VM- r Tnwt.... — 223
Bank of Cal.40O 427«i!M<*rch Ex.... —
Cal Safe Dp. — ISO |8 F Nation!. — -r
First Nation! — — \
;: .V SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L. — 2300 (Say & L So. — 1C0
Hum SAL.— — (Sec.Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.inO _ JfnionTCo..— —
S F Sav C.C23 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
Canrornla . . — 2CO (rresidio — 41
G*ary — so |
POWDER. .
Giant C0i_. Cl IVlgcrlt A\ 4*4
SUGAR. |
! Hana P Co. — 30c (Kilauea S C. 2% 4
Hawaiian C. 46 — tMakawell C. 21 S 22
Honokaa 8 C 12 '-i 12%M)nt>mea S C 2» 27^i
Hutch SPC 8^« » iPaauhau S C. 13% —
MISCELLAN EOCS.
Alaska P A. 139 HI 10 I Oceanic 6 Co. 4 ** £
Cal F C A. 5Wi, — | Pac Aux FA. 5 6
Cal Wine A. !HH t 91Vl!Pac C Borx.167 —.
MV& MtTm.100 — |
Morning Session.
Board —
1© B F Gas A Electric, s 1« 59 23
$3,000 Lc» Angeles Ry 5 per cent 11.1 IH>
$1,000 L A P R U 1st con 5 per cent. 101 30
$3,(ioo OaklamS Transit 5 per cent 111 00
$1,000 Paclftt: Electric Ry 5 p*r cent.. 105 «2i*.
$5,000 S F A S J V 5 per cent Its 30
$3,000 S P Branch Ry t> p«r cent 134 50
Street—
S^.OOrt Mtrket-st Ry 1st oob 5» 115 CO
*15.i«0 S H of C Cm (lOCKi, Series A>..104 .1O
$10,000 S P of C «s (10f!rt) ..107 0O
Afternoon Session.
Board— »" '
5 California -st Cable R R 199 7?
35 S F Gas & Electric 59 00
5O S F Gas A Electric, s 00 5S 75
$2.0W» Spring Val 4s (M mtge) 99 rt)
Str»et—
$5,000 Honolulu R T & L Co 6s 1O; 23
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.! Bld.Ask.
Bay CPC Bs.100 10\ |S P Co 4^s. OS 9£t
|B L "Wat fa. — 12O | gun Tel «s..lia —
Cal NW R.*.« 111% — | Do 5s l"2'/i —
SF Drdk 5s. — llJlj! Suttr-st RSs.mS 113
SF & NP 5s.lll%U2 iUR of SF 4a. 13 tf.—
S P C R 4s. — 100 I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 23 25ii!Nev Nat r.k.lST* 205
Cal Cot Mils. — fl.% |N S R R... OVi —
C Jockey Cl. P» V2O IN Cal P Co. 0», —
Cal Powder. 123 13O |t)ak Bk Sav.ll2L, —
Cal Ship Co. 15 3O lOak T Con. 75 —
Cal T I A T — 135 ! IOOF Hall A 6 ¦^•'^
! Cen Bk. Oak 63 T 4 — |Orpneum Co. — 16%
Chutes Co .. 6^ .» !Fac S Tel.. — 102i_
City * C Bk — 112 IParaf Paint. ZH —
East Dynm.130 250 |S F Drydock W> — ; "
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — ISF&SJ Coal. 20 "— - T -
Thtr IM '¦ — |8 J Wat Co. — l<*t
( Frneh-A Bk.VW llf> 'SO A MTxbt — 183
I Oax Con A. 1OU 21 !»w1.s-A Bk.ll.t —
Hono P Co. 12H LIH^rackee 'Elec 10 13
Lonft SF Bk. — W) |NR inC pfd. 44 —
Mat Nav Co 60 83 | Do com ..;»;—;
Morning Session.
Strtet—
$7,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 7» 5<J
Afternoon Session.
Street —
$3.OCO United R R of S F 4 per cent. . 73 50
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo ....: 4«
Associated Tr— st Certificate*. .... ¦ 21
Altec' gft
i Caribou 2 13
Central Point Con 63 ....
Chicago Crude 20 ....
Claremont , . . . . 50 ....
Esperanta X 2 50
Four ee «T
Fulton t... 160 2 00
Giant .......4 l»
Hanford 153 0O
Home 1 3O . 1 82*4
j Independence 10 19
Kern 4 00 3 23
kern River 13 CO
Monarch (of Arizona) .... 41 ....
Monte Cristo 75 80
Occidental of W Va 1.1 »...
Oil City Petroleum 35 * 40
Peerless 13 00 1 4 < <>
Pltwburg 19 23
Reed Crude 1 40 ¦ 1 43
Senator 63 h 75
1 Sovereign 44 ' 45
•Sterling * 0f>
! Superior 03 # C* *
j Thirty-three 9 <A
iToltec J 19
Twenty-eight 4 50 8 Oft
West Shore 260 275
Associated Bonds 73 73#
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land A Imp 1 3»> 1 50
Flseher'* Theater 123
Northern Cal Po*er 10 25
United Railroad Bonds .... 79 00 80 00
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
40O Titftec 19
100 Plttsburg .IS
100 Monte Cristo 774
Street —
1500 Sovereign 43
500 Home 130
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1050 Home 1 30
100 Sov»retga *5
tCO PltUburg 17
500 Oil City Petroleum 3S
130 Fultoa 2 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN" FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. .
Following were the sales on the San Fran ,
elaco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1C0 Andes 50! 200 Savage 95
11C0 ChoUar .22 lOrt 8** Belcher .. Cfl
200 Gould & Cur. 401 SCO Sierra Nev . . «»
3«X> Mexican .....2 10.3CO Union Con .. S3
6OO Savage 91t 10O Utah 23
100 Savage 32!
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 53J 200 Ophir 5 50
700 Andes 52! 250 Ophlr 5 374
2C0 Belcher 28j €00 Poto?l ' 19
400 Bullion 12| SCO Savage 120
2C0 Challenge Con 3fi| 11CO Savage 125
21CO Chollar . 25! 2CO Savage 1 IS
12CO Con C A Va.2 0O( 30O Scorpion 07
10O Confidence ...1 101 21X) Sierra Nev .. 75
200 Crown Point. 25! TCO Sierra Nev . . 73
700 Gould & Cur. 571 100 Sierra Nev .. 74
TOO Gould A Cur. 55! ;iCO Union Con . . CO
SOO Hale & Norc. 05| «00 Union Con . . 01
1000 Mexican .....2 20' IC00 Yellow Jacket 33
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. .
Following were the sales on the Pacific -
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning. Session.
100 Calrdonla ...120 100. Gould & Cur. 51
100 Caledonia .1 22 H 100 Gould & Cur. M
100 Chollar 22 50 Ophir 5 12S
COO Chollar 23! 50 Ophir 5 2-1
eon Chollar 24| 20 Ophlr 5 CO
5rt> Chollar 2* 25O Potosl ...;... 27
SCO Con C * Va.l PO| io;> Savage 07
10O Con C A Va.l 951 10© Savage ......1 OS
600 Cro-xn Point. 2.11 H>0 Savag- - 1 2i>
200 Gould A Cur. 4!»j ICO f»avjge 1 17'i
2f;0 Gould & Cur. Rot 100 Sierra N*v .. O
700 Gould ft Cur. 521 100 Sierra Nev . . 70
Afternoon Session.
5TO Chollar ...... 251 ra» Sava«/e ,™,
SCO Chollar ¦ «J 3PO Sava«e .«
10O Con C & V..1 O5i «sn© Savage r*
20O Con C A "V.I «7H! <W Savage n
100 Con C A V..2«X'i 200 Ravage r.l
ICO Gould k Cur. ¦*•"¦ COO Sierra Nev.... 7ft
100 Gould fc Cur. 551 300 S'rrra Nev.... r>
iro Gould & Cur. Ml 'TOO Sierra N>v.... 71
10O Mexican 2.151 1<H> sierra Nev.... 71
2OO PotosI 2t>' W<v Silver Hill.... »«
1C0 Savage 1 10( 100 Union Con..:.- CO
Continued on Page Fodrteea.
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW TORK. March 17.-C!o*e— Money on
ttU was cuy at l%e_ per cent; closed H I«
per cent Wd and asked; time rnon*v "asy-
CO days. 246> per cent; 00 days, Sfi3u Si
ce_t; Hx mocths. 374S4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4146514 per cent.
_ Eterlir^r exchange was stronr. wJtn actual
buelner* in tsrJcers- bills «t $4.H>iS^a-t- S<>5' Vr r
dcn.and tnd $4.S415@*.M2O for elxty-day bills
Potted rate*. $4 8IUJM « an d I* 87%_
Corr.-iPrcJal bU'f, U &1%<3-1 64T_
Bar silver. TiCHc - ;
Mexican dollars. 4«'ic.
Bonds— Govcrn_ntct». steady; railroads, firm.
-Vtrrc York Stock Market.
NEW TOHK. Marrh 17.— Th<» stock market
rave ir.<3lcatlon^ to-day that th» first phase
of cajUMir.ent to the Northern Securities de
rision had been mostly ccrapletcd. This would
be tr.e ooverin* of rhort contracts put out In
»ntl<-ir=tion of the event and the maneuvers
of the contending pTt)fes«ional element to. rake
the tcarkct sway from th- bears. The reduc
tion of. the short list was palpable in to-<Jay # »
market, and th'-re was evidence of attomnts
to take r roflts en the part cf those who had
rone loner on stocks to he'.p £rh-e the bears t«
r-orcr. It if probable thst tome of the buy
inr Fine* JJor.dsy for purpor*» of supporting
rrio^n a!*o came Into the market /Tor 'resale
e'.ainr t* fause tht- reactionary tfr/cmr but '
the • reaction •»•«« not extreme at any tlfte
end an <5_T<ictlve rally whs «rhleved before the '
end of the f,r« hour. While the foreign mar- !
ket* wcro still Jn iw^sflr.n the advances brought '
fresh ' offerinrs end held .bark the a<3va-ee
Late In th* day. after the close of the forelcii
markets, there tvss a decided nn-iv^i in the
demand for *t<vk* iind a rreater breadth and
Animation in the buying than «»n previous
<!ays this — -ct-k. The huyir.r hnn proved to b«
Jamrfjr frf-m *vJi_t ore rallrd prcfes*icr?l
routres. There tvwe Indications r>f tradln" bv
operator* nf a much larger caliber than for
•everal tre«.k»t. It was argued that while the
• <1ranr*> was Unrrly due jo ooverinff of a large
r^ort inter»>rt and had evidently been taken
«4v»nt»ce • of for some heavy realizing, wnne
r>f It from Influential Kcmrw*. thl* realizing
ri:ou'.d have ivt-n absorbed In a way «nd with
_ eoceervatlon of the lmproxcd price level
EASTERX MABKETS.
Sharp Flurry in Mining Stocks,
Led by Savage.
The -mining stocks had the floor yesterday.
Savage,\ which doted en Wednesday at 88c
bid, opened at »lc. advanced to $1 2S at noon,
fell back to 62« in the afternoon and closed at
64c bid, the decline after the afternoon board
being nmsatlonally rapid. The flurry In the
Hock n-a.« ascribed to a change In the director
ate at a special meeting' of the company yes
terday. The resignations of George R. Wells
as director and president and Charles II. Fish
as director and vice president were received
and accepted and Franklin Leonard Jr. was
elected a director and president and Charles
Hlrschfeld a director and vice president to fill
the vacancies. The balance of the board of di
rectors remains unchanred. John W. TwiSKS*
continues secretary and H. M. Gorham super
intendent. Franklin Leonard Jr.. the newly
elected president. Is attorney for the Comstock
Tunnel Company.
The ilurry In Savag* affected the other
stocks and Ophlr eold up to V> SO. Gould A
Curry to f>0c. Consolidated California and Vir
ginia to $2, and so on. The highest prices as
a rule were touched in the afternoon, and the
close was weaker. Confidence levied an assess
ment of 20c.
The business en the Stock and Bond Ex
change was confined chiefly to bonds, which
said very well, but stocks were dull. The only
noteworthy change I was In Gas and Electric,
which.sold from $0!> S2H to $58 75. There was
arale af California-street Railroad at $190 75.
The New York and Honduras Rcsarlo Mlnir.g
Company has declared a monthly dividend of I
per cent on the capital stock, payable March 10.
The Sonora Quartz Mines Development Com
pany of Mexico has levied an assessment cf 1
cent pot* share, delinquent April 15.
" STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. March 17—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | ' Hid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .107*il0SX4|4s qr cp new. — 13.1V,
4s qr reg..-10fi«,107Ht3» qr coop... — 107ft
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — '¦ O T Co 6s. 119 —
Bay CPC 5s.l01 ¦ 102H Do 5s . 111 — •
Cal C G 5s. — 104H Do con 5s. — 102&
Cal G & E b ' • Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 91 Ora Cable «s.123',_ —
Cal-st C S_.116%117*4 Pac G Im 4*. — 96
C C Wat 5s. — 100 Vi P E Ry 3a.l03>4 —
Ed L & P Bs.123- 131 P _ C H 6s.lOt%103
F & C II 6s.— 11BH P & O R 6s.ll« — '•;
Geary-st 5s. 45% 90 Powell-st 6s. — —
II C&S 5HS.W4 — ?ac EGARSs. 0OH10O
D<» 5s .... 0!» 100 SF & SJV5s.ll,<»VUl$>i_
Hon R T 68.106 — Sierra . A -S.112>_ —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A.Ry 5s. .112*4 — (1009) .....10«H107V4
LA L Co 6s — — (1910) . . . ..107%108«4
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s.l0n?i — (lfl05)Sr A. 104^; —
LAP lcm'5*U01H — (1905)Sr B.H«?4
Mkt-st C Ss.lltt — I (liKKJ) 107 —
CHICAGO March 17.— Liberal rains, in Kan
sas and Oklahoma ga\e the wheat market a
weak start. May opening l%@l!4<r. --off, at
04^-«?05c. July was down ¦ifiTie.'-.s.t 00c.
Commission houses had numerous ¦'* selling
orders. Small longs had considerable > July^
for sale. There was little desire , to buy. On .
th» way down a good many stop-loss^ordera
for the July option were met; -and .tn» price
dropp*4 to SO^ic. Much Ions: wheat was sola
on the decline, and there were many : sales for ,
short account. Toward the noon hour the raar-j
ktt rallied slightly on covering by early short:;
sellers, and on some buying by ; : longs.:. -.The J,
news of the day, however, was I pessimistic,
and the market at no time showed any great ,
firmness Advices from the Narthvfest were |
decidedly bearish, a report from Minneapolis
ptatinjj that the flour bunlnefi was poorer than
It had been for many months. The decrease
In the milling demand caused another general
selling mnveirent. under which the market
again weakened. Before the decline was
checked July sold off to 8S%c During the last
hour a better demand developed and a firmer
feeling prevailed. July recovered nearly a
cent of th* loss, closing at 80%g«0*ic Final
figures on May were at »4%c
Fair BUDDort from some of the ble bull
operators caused a comparatively steady ton*
In corn, notwithstanding the weakness in .
wheat The close was steady and practically
at' last nlxhfs final figures. May closed at
6SUe. July closed a shade higher, at 60%c. |
Weakness In whfat brought out considerable
profit taking In May oats by tired holders,
and ' that delivery ruled easier. May closed
at «0%@40c. July closed up. at ii$%c.
Bear«< hAmmer**! the provision mark«t. and
the hammering brought out some long -tuff,
causing a rather weak market. Thf clOFe was
near the bottom, with May pork 20= lower,
lard 12 Vi*? 15c lower and ribs off 17HC.
The leading futures ranged as follows :
Articles — Open. High. Low.-. Close.
Mni h^^. 2^ »5 tm_ M*4 ¦.¦'. M%
July fold) '. «l*4 9H4 00 81
July new .... nOV* 00«* RSMSO^
Kept (old)../... S4% - MK 84# 84%
Sept (new)..... 84V* 84V_ S3 83%
£&£ ??: -~ . w ™* «i »3s
July 50'i S0% M> 60%
September 43% . 50% 4»%.- 50
May 1 . 5 .!*. 0 .'..'". 40 40% •"?9% Sfi'f
July 3S»_. »%"»i -3S% 38%
September ..... ai>/* S3 l A 33% 33%
Mess Pork/ per bbl — .......,.-
May ....13 70 13 75 13 CO 13 62'..
July 13 90 14 00; 13 82>_ 13 82^
Lard, pcr.-100-lb* ¦¦- f • -
Mav ........:.. 7 C5 7 05 0 O7>4 7 00
July. 7 22'i 7 25 7 12»_ 7 17H
Short Ribs, per K>0 lbs—
May ........... 7 00 7 05 6 00 C O2V4
July 7 10 . 7 10 7.05 7 0"i_
Cash Grain and Provisions.
' CHICAGO, March 17. — Cash quotations were
Future Grain and Provisions.
j Chicago Board of Trade. |
STOCK MAEKET.
i Exchange and Bullion.
\ Sterling Exchange, sixty da"ys.... — $4 S4^4
i Sterling Exchange, sight — .4 874
i Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 884
I New Ycrk Exchange, sight — 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver. Der ounce 66%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 454 © 46
V/heat and} Other Grains.
WHEAT— News is very scarce, all the mar
kets of the world being tame and featureless,
¦ and Chicago continues the only place where
s there Is any animation. Broomhall cables from
i Liverpool that that market Is somewhat steadier
i' owing to light Argentine shipments and higher
' prices of breadstuffs In Ruscla. At the same
¦ time futures were lower. Suppfies of bread
- stuffs afloat for and In store In Europe
j on March 1 ~ were over 10,000,000 bugh
; els more than a year ago. but. add
ing the - stocks In store In Argen
i Una and America, the total supply was some
j 7.UOO.O0O bUBhels less than a year ago. Russia
! and Australia, however, are shipping freely,
i and by the first of April the European coun
: tries will undoubtedly have more on hand than
on the first of March. The Chicago Dally
Trade Bulletin, estimating the last crop in this
country at 675,000,000 bushels, figures that there
was left for export on March 1st 7P.000.000
bushels, whereas the quantity exported after
March 1 last year amounted to but 61,000,000
j bushels.
i In this market futures sympathized with
; Chicago and futures declined, but the cash
market showed no changre.
CASH WHEAT.
! California Club, $1 404U 45; California
! White Australian, $160@1574; Northern
I Club. $1 40@l 424: Northern Blueetem, $1 5O®
1 65 per ctl.
FUTURES. t
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Lo W . Close.
May $1 41% $1 41% $i 414 $1 414
December ... 1 37 > B 1374 130% 1 M%
2 p. m. Session. *<»
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $142 $142 .$142 $142
December": .. 1 36% 137 '130% 138%'
BARLEY — The situation continues Interest
ing. The May shorts are already looking about
for grain to deliver on their contracts and are
at some loss to find It. Certainly stocks are
not large and the demands upon them of late
have been heavy. Barley taken In on the De
cember deliveries, mentioned yesterday. Is
whittled down to about 500 tons. If reports on
"Change be correct, as 1500 tons more were sold
for Oriental account on Wednesday. The rest of
this Barley has been withdrawn from the mar
ket at present prices. Among Barley brokers
It Is freely said that the supply in the StaU
is less than- previously estimated. The exports
¦during the first three months of this year ar«
estimated at 50.000 tons. • « •.
' V The cash Feed continued firm yesterday, but
futures were lower, owing chiefly to the rain.
The loading of the 6000 tons recently bought
for the Orient begins to-day. •
CASH BARLEY.
,' Feed. $1 121.01. 15; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 174@1 20; Chevalier, $1 15@1 35 for fair
,to choice.
FUTURES. :
Session 0 to 11 :30 a, m.
Open. High. Low. Close
May $1 11 $1 11 . $1 11 $1 ii
! December... 1 02«» 1 02%. l 01^ _.<>_t b
2 p.- m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May |M1H"*1.H% $1 UK $1 11W
December ...1 02 1 02 . . 1 01% l 01%
OATS — The situation conUnues very strong,
but prices show no change and the market Is
QU WnW $1 274@1 37%: Black. $1 25@1 55;
Red $1 250135; Gray, $1-32% per Ctl. ¦
CORN— The market la dull but very firmly
held. ~
Western sacked. $137401 40 for Yellow,
$1 36<gl 374. for White and. $1 30 for Mixed;
Calfornla large yellow, $1 40@l 45; small
round do, $1450160; White, $1 374®1 424
per ctl; Egyptian. $1 45@1 50 for white and
$1 27461 30 for brown. .
RYE— $1 3001 324 Per Ctl.
i BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@Z 'per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.*
FLOUR— California' Family Extras. $4 SO®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70@5;
Oregon and -Washington, Jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl. -
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; r Rice Flour.
$7;Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do,. $4; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy, $4^4 25; Buckwheat
Flour $4 60©4 75; Cracked Wheat. $,t 76; Fa
rtna. $4 50;' Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
X)ats bbls. $7 25®8 60; in sacks, $0 75®8 10;
Pearl Barley $«: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs. ,
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The rain, Interfered with trade. yesterday and
quotations Ehowed no change.
. BRAN— $10(820 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 80@29 per ton.
SHORTS— $10@20 per. ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50024 50
per ton; Oilcake ; Meal, at the mill. $29 60@31;
Jobbing. - $32 : ¦ Cocoanut Cake. $22@23: • Corn
Meal' $29 50030 50:- Cracked Corn,- $30@31;
Mixed -t Feed, w $22#23 ; ?j Horse Beans, - $30©
40 per ton ; . Eroom Corn Feed, 90c .per ctl. ¦-. -.' : ;
\: - HAY— Wheat," $14S1T 50;.-.Wheat and- Oat.
LOCAL 3IAEKETS.
$14S16 50; Oat, $14 50@16; Wild Oat. $13©15;
Baney. $13S15; Stock, /nominal— none here-
Alfalfa $12@13 50. V
i sSTKAW— £>0@70c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There, is no further change in this market.
The continued rains tend to keep Beans weak,,
white the demand continues dull.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 3562 50; Pea. $3@3 25;
Butters. I $3 S0©3 75; small White $3t*3 15;
large White. $2 t!5@2 75; Pink, $3 2C©3 35;
Red. $4 50@5; Lima. $3 20@3 35; Red Kidneys
$4 50^5; Blackeye. $2 15@2 20 per ctl; Hcrse
Bean*. $232 50
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 75#4; Yellow
Mustard. $3@3 25; Flax $1 8001 UO; Canary.
£Hi€&?ic for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14@14*4e; Rape.
lH@2c; Timothy, 6@«4c; Hemp. 3V»@<$y-c per
lb; Millet. 3@3fcc; Broom Cora Seed, |_0©21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— BUckeye, $2 25@2 CO per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Trade In Potatoes was Quiet and prices
showed but slight variation from the previous
report. Receipts were light, but there was no
scarcity, as there was a heavy accumulation
of old stock on the wharves and in tire stor?s.
The top quotation for Oregon Burbanka was
shaded, there being nostrlctly fancy stock of
fering. Onions wvre weak afsd lower, with large
lines of poor and growing stock offering, which
had a depressing effect upon choice lots. Aus
tralians were held for shipping at $3 5Oyi per
cental, according to quality. ; -¦ :
Trade In .vegetables was fair and nriees of
southern kinds were well maintained, under
light -rectlpte. Arrivals of Asparagus were
lighter than on the preceding day, but as there
was less demand for" shipping prices rangrd
lower. Receipts of Rhubarb were 413 boxes
and tl»e market was weak, but prices were no
lower, as most of the offerings had been pur
chased direct from the growers at the inside
rate, thus necessitating the asking of high
prices. Most dealers, however, were willing: to
clean up at cost..
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, $1®
1 20 trer ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 25@1 35
per ctl; River Reds. $1®1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed. f.Oc<_S$l per ctl;
Garnet Chiles, $l@i 15 per ctl; Early Rose,
$1 40ft 1 W per. ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $2 75
per ctl: new Potatoes 3<g34c per lb.
ONIONS— Yellow, $2 25#2 50 per ctl for Or-"
egon and $2 75@2 S3 for* Nevadan; Green
Onions. 5<)@i;oc r>er box. - -
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 10c Der lb
for extra. S&t)c for No. 1 and 5®7c for No. 2;
Rhubarb, $2^2 25 oer box: Green Peas. 3©5c
per lb for Los Angeles and 4i@6c for bay;
String Beans, 15@_tic per lb; " Tomatoes, $l@
1 CO per box or crate for Los Angeles and
: 51 25@1 75 for Mexican; Summer Squash from-
Los Angeles, per box; Cabbage,
$1 10 per ctl;" Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, $101 25 per • dozen;
Garlic. &g0c per lb; Egs Plant. 15®20c
per lb; Dried Peppers 5@8c per lb for Stock
ton and 10@124c for southern; Dried Okra,
10#124c per lb; Green Peppers, 15@25c per
lb: Mwshrooms, 15(925c per' lb; Marrowfat
Squash. l@lVic per lb; Hubbard. %c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Another car of Western Poultry was on sale,
making tl-e fifth for the week, and met with
a good demand at steady prices. Arrivals of
domestic etock continued light and prices of
all descriptions were well sustained under a
steady Inquiry. Dressed Turkeys sold from
l»c to 22c per pound. Only a rew cases, came In.
There were no change- in Game.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 16S£18c per lb:
Geese, per pair, $2@2 25; Goellngs, $2©2 23;
Ducks, $5 50@6 50 per dozen for old and $<> 504?
7 30 for young; Hens, $(i 50®7 50 for large and
$5 50(30 for small; young Roosters $6 5037 50;
old RooBters, $5® 5 50; Fryers, $5 50@6; Broil
ers. $.-.<g r> 50 f or large and $4 50® 5 for small;
Pigeons $1 25<&1 50 per dozen for old and $2 23
H2 SO for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Ceeee, $3 per dozen; Whlti
Geese. $1®1 25; Brant. $1 50 for email and $3
for large; Honkers. $4g5: English Snipe; $3 5A;
common Snipe. $1 50; Wild Pigeons; $1 50;
Rabbits, $1 50@2 for Cottontails and $1@1 23
for Brush; Hare. $101 25.
4
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There was an easier feeling In Butter, as the
retailers had filled last week's deficiency an<l
there was more on the market, but quotations
remained unchanged. There was nothing new
In Cheese.
It might as well be understood now that from
this time on for several months there will be
two Important Egg markets close to each other
— one at San Francisco and the other up around
Petaluma and Santa Rosa. Speculators who
want Eggs for cold storage go up Into Sonoma
County and pay above the San Francisco mar
ket to get the Eggs. Sometimes this has no
effect In San Francisco and sometimes It forces
the San Francisco market up above what local
consumers and shippers will pay, and at such
tlmea the loeul dealers have to put their accu
mulated surplus into cold storage for want of
customers. A remembrance -of • this will sare
the country producer and shipper much con
fusion and dissatisfaction from now on, as the
quotations given In this column always repre
sent the San Francisco market.
The Egg market showed little change yester
day, though there were more offering than on
the preceding day.
The trains are now all running as uroal. and
unless _tpI unotli'-'ir sever*? storm receipts of
Butter and Eggs will Increase from now on.
. Receipts were 51.100 lbs Butter, 1621 cases
Eggs and 13,1)00 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands 2140
22c for extras, 20@21c for firsts and' IS® 19c
for seconds; dairy, 15#20c; store Butter, nom
inal; cold storage. 20@21c for extras. 18fcl9c
for seconds and 16@lSc for ladle-packed.
. CHEESE — 8«88o for good to choice new
and 7©Sc for lower grades; Young Americas.
»4@10c; Eastern. 154fl«c; Western, 14®15tf
per lb. /
EGGS— Ranch. 17018c; store,- 15®l64c per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
' The . prevailing low prices of Oranges con
tinued to attract a certain class of buyers,
and, although the rainy weather exerted a
more 1 or less depressing influence u»n the
market, trade was of moderate volume, ped
dlers being the principal buyers. ' Stacks, how
ever, were still unwieldy, and a large portion
of the offerings of standard Navels were of poor
quality, which -two causes would have be«n
sufficient to Check any advance in prices, even
if the weather had been more favorable. Offer
ings aO v to-day's auction will be lighter than
usual, only five cars being expected. Stocks of
Mexican Limes were very light and prices were
unchanged,- but there was talk of lower quota
tions, fcs a steamer was due with large sup
plies. The Other Citrus fruits were In ample
supply and unchanged. Ripe Bananas were
offering freely and met with a steady Inquiry
at previous prices. Two cars of Central Amer
ican came In.
There was nothing to rtport in Apples.
APPLES — $1 75@2 25 per box for extra fancy,
$1 25@1 50 for ordinary fancy. K5c@)l for
choice and 35£C5c for common.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1®2
per box for fancy and 50ci3$l 25 for standard
to choice: Tangerines. 75c@$l 25 per box;
Lemons, $1 ".'.iff 2 50 'for fancy, $1 25@1 50 for
choice -and 75c@$l for standard; Grape Fruit.
$1 25®2 50; Mexican Limes, $OyG 50: Bananas.
$l@2 ver bunch for Hawaiian and $1 50<32 25
for Central American; Pineapples, $1 50@2 20
per dozen.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,RaisinSjHoney.
Mail advices from New York say: "The
weakness In Prunes continues to be the most
prominent feature of the market. Free offer
lngs on a 2%c basis f. v o. b. Coast fall to In
terest buyers In f. o. b. shipments., and simi
larly low prices made, on spot.Btock do not at
tract orders for larger lots than the Imme
diate wants of consumption suggest. Apricots
of * standard and choice grades are extremely
scarce, but of extra choice and fancy there
is understood to be a fair supply on the spot.'
The demand Is chiefly for the lower grades.
Peaches remain very firm with a good demand
and light offerings. There were no fresh de
velopments ¦ In the Ralstn situation, the mar
ket being dull and prices more or less nom
inal." .
FRUIT — Apricots. SK©10%c for Royals and
9@12c lor Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4Vi©
6%c; iun-dried. 3%©4 1 / ic: Peaches, «@7Ue;
Pears. 8®114e; Nectarines, 5©5V 2 c Figs
white. 3(?4c in boxes; black, 4Hc; Plums, pit
ted BQSc per lb.
PP.UNES— 1003 crop. a«_©2?ic for the four
sizes. . ¦'.-¦¦'¦.¦
- RAISINS — The Association* quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades, 50-lb cases 2
crown -¦¦ Loose Muscatel*. 5V*c per lb
3-crown. 0%c; 4-crown, B4c; Seedless Loose
Muscatels, 4V«c; Seedless floated, -414c; 2-crown
Malaga loose. 6c; S-crown Malaga loose 5%c-
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4 He; S«?die«s
Thompsons, unbleached, 04c Layers, per 20
lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; 4-crown fancy clusters
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $135; 2-crown
London Layers; $1 25;. usual, advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 16-oz
cartons, per lb. 7%c; fancy. 12-oa cartons, per
package, 6%c; fancy bulk cartons,- per lb, 74c;
choice 1C-O8 cartons, per lb, 7}4c; choice 12-oz
cartons, " per package, 6^c; choice bulk car
tomV P*r lb. 7V4e; 16-oz cartons, seeded S«ed
llfcgs. Muscatels, per ; lb, 7c: 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb, 3?4c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb. C\c. - ¦
:~. NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13H<S14c;
No.- 2 114012c; No. 1 hardsheU, 13@13V.e;
No 2. ll®114c: Almonds. 114c for Nonpa
reils. U4e for 1 X L, lie for. Ne Plus Ultra
and Ottc for Languedoc; Peanuts, C@7c for
Eastern: Pecans, ll®13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
»- HONEY— Comb, 10SU%Ci for white and 84
*J94c for amber; water white extracted, i 5©
6Hc;'lIgnt> amber extracted. 44©4%c; dark,
¦34<B4c. -...¦;•«¦.¦-*¦¦•.-...¦»- ..-••.-. -:";-.*
. BEESWAX— 27©i0c per lb.
(iPr'eyisiohs :''~
'/The market continues , quiet and easy In all
positions.- ~ ' » " •;¦
CURED £ MEATS — Bacon. 104c per lb * for
h«avy, - lie • for light 1 medium,-, 13c for,- light,
134c , for : extra light ; and 1 15c I for sugar-cured;
, Eastern -• sugar-cured - Hams,* 13%c; California
Hams, I24c; Mess Beef. S10 50@ll per bbl;
extra Mess. $11 50® 12; Family, $12 5091.V
prime Mess Pork. $15: extra «l«ap, $2i«-J3:
M-19. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 104911c; Pig
Pork. $27i Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
pe-r lb. . : .*•' : •
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%e per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
yVsc; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. lOHc; 3-lb
1 tins. 10«.ic.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9\c; three
half barrels. 9Vic; one tierce, 94c; two tierces.
9c; five tierces, s Tic per lb.
___________ _
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and fcrandJ sell
about 4@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, «4c; medium, 84c: light. 7\«; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags.
«c; S.ilted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hld»_, 15@l«c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25«3Oc each:
short Wool. 40®fi8c each; medium, 70#90c; long
Wool. $1©1 50; Horse Hides »alt, $2 75 for
large and $2®2 50 for medium. $1 2S£1 75 for
•mall and 00c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 fcr large and $1 50 for medium. $191 25
fcr small, and 50c for Colts. Buck Sklnn — Dry
Mexican. ' 31c; dry Salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American, Sic. Goat Skins — Prime An
gorns. 75c; large and .mootn, 60c; medium,
35c; 5-iall. 20c. -
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4Vi®»V_c per lb;
No. 2. :»4$4e: grease. 24©3c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs'. »O
He; Middle County, 11^12c; Northera defect
ive. 9f?10c; Nevada. 13® 15c; Oregon, fine. 199
10c; Oregon, medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS— 24®27c per lb for California, l»03.
and 174c for crop of 1804.
Meat Market.
. The demand and supply about balance ami
quotations show no further change.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: •
BEEF— 7©Sc for Steers and 6437c per Ih
for Cow*.
VEAL— Large. 8<@*V-c: small, 8@94c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 94610c; Ewes. 9g9Hc
per lb.
LAMB— Yearlings, lie; Sprins. ICe.
PORK— Dressed Hob«,"7©84c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered tn San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steer*. 8jjtk:; Cows and Heifers.
7<gSc; thin Cows, 45J5c per lb.
CALVES — t$44c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4y.@5c; £w«s. *4K@*He
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 6H(gCc per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 5%<©5%e:
over 200 lbs. 64@5%c; *oft Hogs, 44©4%c:
Sows. 20 »er cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off,
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 54c spot and 5%c June-
July; San Qu?ntln. $5 25; Wool Bags. 32335c;
Fleece Twine. "4©8c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $S; Seattle, $6 «©: Bryant. $« 00; Bra- '
ver Hill. $6; Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7; Cocs
Bay, $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend, $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 23 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cnnnel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50©13
per ton in bulk and $15 in sack*; Rocky Moun
tain descriptons. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 SO
per long ton. according to brand.
i OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases.
add 5c; Ltnseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Ca?tor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakerf AA. $1 10®l 12; Luco!. 45c for boiled
and 4.1c for raw; China Nut. 60@70c per gallon;
Cocoannt Oil. In barrels, 58c for Ceylon and Me
for Australian: extra, bleached winter Sperm
' Oi'.. 85c: natural winter Suerm OU. 80c; extra,
bleached winter Whal« OIL 85c; natnral Whale
Oil 60c: extra, winter strained Lard Oil. 70c;
; No. 1 Lard Oil. 60c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
; No. 1 Neatsfoot OIL 65c; light Herring Oil,
45c; dark Herring OIL 43c; Salmon OU, 38e;
boiled Fish OU. 40c; raw Fish. Oil. 38c; boiled
Paint Oil. S5c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OU. In bulk.
14c; Pear! OH. In cases. 204c; Astral. 204c;
Star. 204c: Extra Star. 24Hc; Eliine. 264c:
Eocene, 234c; Deodori»«d Stove Gasoline, In ;
bulk, 16c: In cases. 224c: Benzine, In bulk.
13c; In cases. 194c; 89-degree Gasoline in
bulk, 25c; In cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— 84c per gallon In cases and
7Sc In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7©
74c per lb; White Lead. 7@74c. according to '
quantity. \
SUGAR — Best Granulated is marked up 10c.
The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags: {
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.85c;
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c: I
Dry Granulated, fine. C.4Cc; Dry Grnnu- :
lated coarse, 5.40c: Fruit Granulated. 5. 40c: i
Beet ' Granulated (100-lb bags only). 5.30c; i
Confectioners* A_ 5.40c; Magnolia A. 6e_,
Extra C, 4.8<fc : Golden C. 4.80c: "XX ¦
4.7Cc; barrels. 10c more; half barrels,. 23c more:
boxes. 50c more; SO-lb bacs. 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets — Half barrel*. 5.90c: boxes.
6.15c; H. & E. Crystal Dominos. 8.40c Der lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or It* equivalent.
SALT FISH— Advices from New Tork say:
"There has been a nharp reduction In price*
on all grades of Bait mackerel, which is at
tributed to the slackness of demand in con
junction with the pressure of quite liberal sup
plies. Norway bloaters offer down to $->-\
while No. 1 and lower grades are to be had
at $2 and $.1 a barrel less than the prices
quoted a week ago. In Irish mackerel the
decline amounts to $2 per barrel, and the
market Is easy at the lower figures. Shore
Is are relatively higher than other grades,
being held at $17(J18. The demand for Scotch
and Holland ' herring has quieted materially,
and prices ar* somewhat nominal. The scar
city In domestic kinds continues, but the sea
son Is about done and prices show no further
change. Cod continues scarce, for while there
has been considerable decline in the price of
fresh fish It is too high still for profitable
salting." ' ~.
CANNED SALMON — The market is consid
erably firmer. Large sales of Alaska pinks
are reported as high as 70c. with holders now
asking 75c. Japan has made several pur
chases amounting to nearly 10(^000 case«.
Al&ska reds are firmer, and it is now almost
impossible to buy under $1 25.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. MARCH 17.
Flour, qr sks .. 14,S72| Straw, tons ... IS
Wheat ctls .... 1,400} Tallow, ctls ... 21»
Barley ctls 61 Hides. No. .... ' 418
Screenings, eks. 200 Pelts. No 3,847
Potatoes, sks .. 1,270 Leather, rolls .. 81
•Onions sks ..." 753 Lime, bbls .... 6S1
Bran, sks .... 700 Paper, reams .. 247
Wool bales ... 6S Quicksilver, flks 2»
Middlings, sfcs.. 330 Wine, gals 46,950
Hay. tons 240! .
OREGON. • ; .:;.
Shorts, sks ... 145| Ground Feed, sk 318
Salmon Exports in February, j
In February the exports of salmon freni Sen |
Francisco by «ea were as follows:
To— Cases. Packages. Values, j
England 71.500 ... $373.*r>0
Chta* 2,075 22 8.403 !
J-»r.--n 897 ... 2.229 i
East Indies 4574 '-... ; - 2 1"S ¦
.Manila 15 ... ' 57 I
Hawaiian Island*, r.29 441 6.010 !
tanican XslanJ*..: 242 15 710 j
TihJtl 1S5 41 yjs j
r.vw Zealand 820 ... 4 CT.5 ;
AttctomUa 20 ... M |
Mexico 100 1 2t»7 !
central America... 42 7 163 1
•'"lombia 30 ... n j !
< Wle HO ... 275 i
P« - 853 ... 2.4S5
l-cua<Jnr 50 >## - jjq
Trir.idad Island... 150 ... «O0
.'»m%lca 90 ... 270
\:*'-r 32 ... ISO I
5°*** 5 ... 30 •
Mar-juesas 4 .... 17 I
Totals 70,429 507 $403^8
In Ffhruary. 1IK>3. the shipments were f.9,7Srt |
«aa:-s and 41$ packaree. valued at $210, 498. In
.that rao!:th or.ly 77S4 cases and 416 packages
were fUpppd to frrelgn countries, the balance.
..l.s«!KJ cases, being eent to New York via Cape
Horn.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. March 17—5 p. m.
The friiowsr.g ar» the seasonal rainfalls to
<2st«-. *f oompirH with th'-w of name date last '
fa*on, find rainfalls tn last t«-enty-four hours: |
I-a<?t Tblm Last ,
Ftat;ms — 24 hours season. Mason.
Eur»ka 0.44 49.00 47.29
P.f-.i Biuff O.W» 25.63 21.12
farrsmer.to 0.72 13.16 13.38
s~r.n Francimeo O.T8 16.37 15.05
Fresno O.1>2 4.f,4 «.78 '
Independence O.OO 1.7« 1 82 1
f«n Lui» Oblspo O.17 10.21 14.53
Los Angeles 0.00 4.95 10.22
San Diego q.qq 2.CS »'.78
THE COAST RECORD.
t ? 2 i i ~
3 S5 ?= <5 <s }
I I? f I II °l I
6TATIONS. J }5*2:3 g" a
C ¦ ¦ ° • o y —
• i S 5 :" : ?
1 f • ¦ • 1 -
Point _ Rn re e ..».« 54 45 B Ram l!l1
.V"* r 28.. 0 .%o a« sw riear
L ar *^ n 2». 7« 54 42 W Pt Odv Tr
I resno :iO.O8 «S M «\v nm-rti- iff \
Mt T.n,.lr»l..».»5 42 n? SE Rain' [»
Flagstaff ....29.94 M 30 pw Cl c °dy
Pocatello ....29.92 JS ?A K Rain 6^
Ind^*n*n« .29. %8 hi .V> KE Cloudy
If" Anples..30.14 m 50 W Cloudy
Nrrth He«d...2».C8 5« 4O S PtCldv'^
Phoenix 2a.!W 70 f.4 NW Ctoudy
o r^»r» 290s ZO 34 PW Cloudv 'Yh
"'"'Bluff 2V.H2 5S 45 PE Oloudv "io
Kowhunr ....2».*.2 M 44 W Pt r!dv 70'
«0 4s PE Rain '72
£¦ It Lulu- <X) 38 SE ctondy
Baa rranci-co.30.02 5S 48 FE Rain 'fs
f-n L . OHIBPO.30.W M 48 8 Ran K
2 P ""''' 2».7O 4» 4O fi Oloadv 42
y«kar« S>..;» 42 30 E RTin '14
Xftf^h 23.50 46 A» s Kam 5*
VaHa Wa:!a..».7O «2 34 W Cloud v 'or
M: !:aera ucca 2S.so o ? M pw C oudv OJ
1 ""* "" • 1^-1«_74_54_FW_P|. .^3. !^
LEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rre5*ure has risen elowly on the Oreimr,
vtmtt and has faliea rapidly on tofffa«hV
toua.er'iv^Hd 1 " 0 " 11 — ShWPr! ™*»*; brisk
A. G. MeADIE, Dtntrlct Forecarter.
I which Indicated a betterment in the capacity
of the market. There ' was a crystallization
cf the feeing that a very important clearing
away had been effected by the Supreme Court s
I action of Monday. The action of the foreign
j markets Tia* taken to show a clearing up of
danger oi complication in Europtan politics.
I an<1 althcvch the exchanges abroad were af
! r«-ct»d to-day by the reduction of the short
! interest as cure was, the admitted revival of
| demand in the iron and steel trade Is believed
i to hav« had no adequate reflection In the
! stock market. Relief is felt over the news
I that the ecft coal miners will accept the re
! duction of wage*. The breaking of the drouth
! in thp Southwest is encouraging to holders of
I raiirr.ad stocks in that region, and the br«*ak
In wheat, and also in cotton, to-day, were
taken a* promising b«ttT pro5pects for both
i crop*. The professional element in Wall street
! seamed to arrive at a common agreement to
day that fnm» advance in prices was war
ranted by what has been already effected in
j clearing away the clcuds in the situation. The
| net results are gains running from 1 to 2
I points for all the prominent active stocks. St.
I Paul and Pennsylvania were notably active
I and etrftnr.
Th» bond market showed a broadening t»n
| dency and was firm. Total pales. $1,925,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atrhison 23.100 «57?i 60% 67%
Atchison pfd 4OO 90 bV% S9"fc
Baltimore & Ohio. 28,800 78«4 76>* 78
Ealt & Ohio pfd.. 200 b9 «* !S>P4
Canadian Pacific . 3,W>0 «113 111% 112'*
Ontral of N J.... 100 157 157 156
Che* & Ohio 200 30% 30^ 30*;
Chicago & Alton.. 1.10O 3»*i 30'^ 30>i
Chi & Alton pfd.. 3i>0 £2 SO^i 82'
Chi A: Gi Western. 2.0(X» .lr.i; 14 H 15
; f'hicago & N W... 3«O 16S% 164^ 16«»;
I CM. Mil & St Paul 35,800 143<4 141 143Vs
j CM M & St P pfd. 300 178 . 177 177ft
Chi Term A Tran. 300 10 0 l i $>U
Chi T & T pfd.... 200 20H 2OV4 20«i
C O C & Pt Louis. 1,000 7rt>» 75 7«Vi
Colo Southern 8,000 ' 18»i 18>4 184
Colo So 1st pfd 300 54 -I, M^i 54"»
Colo So 2d pfd 1.300 2«5Vi 25 25*i
I rvi & Hudson 1,800 152«4 151 152%
I>1 Lack & West 260
Denver ,v KIo Gr.. 400 " 19»£ l»Vi 19%
Den & Rio Gr pM. 100 W% i}~% 67*4
Erie 24.500 25% 24%, 25?i
Erie 1st pfd 2.4(K> «4H W^i ¦ 6»i
Erie 2d pfd 2,600 41^ 40^ *fi,
Hocking Valley ... 300 74 74 7*^
Hock Valley pfd... 1C«> 79 79 79
Illinois Central ... 1.900 12S«4 127 128*
Iowa Cf-ntral 3tO 19% 19 19
Ir.wa. Central pfd 38
K c: Southern . 19
K C Southern pfd. COO 344 33 l i 34 4
Louisv & Nashv... 1,300 1044 1034 104^
Manhattan L 900 1424 142 142%
Metropol Securities 300 784 774 ~X\
Metrcpol St Railwy 6,000 103 107 Vi 108%
Minn & St Louis 57
M St 1* & S S M.. 1.300 634 «O% 62
M SP & SS M pfd 200 121 S 12OV» 1204
Missouri Pacific .. 1S.900 01 H S9>4 91
Mis Kans & Texas 3.000 18^ 17V 4 M8
I M K & T pfd 1,200 38 3SH 88>i
: N R ft, of Mex pfd 600 38 37 U 37 Vi
N Y Central 1.C00 11«% 115^ 116^
Norfolk & West... 3.100 674 $$% 57«i
Nor & West pfd 85 '
Ontario & Western 3,000 21 204 21
Pennsylvania 8G.100 116 11414 115%
P C C & St Louis CO
Reading 6,4(JO 42«* 41 42
Reading 1st pfd... 100 784 764 78
I Reading 2d pfd '. 5>j
Rock l»Und Co.... 5,500- 21% 20*4 21%
Rock Island Co pfd 1,100 62 CI4 Cl^
Pt i t> F 2d pfd.. 300 4S 43' 424
St Louis S W 100 14 14 14
St L S W prd 1,100 344 33*i 33}4
Southern Pacific .. 31. .'.<¦<> 45% 44 45Vi
Southern Railway. 3.8<X> 2u% 20% - 2O>4
So Railway pfd.. 7fio &4 'S3 4 83%
Texas & Pacific... 2,800 23!* ' 23^i T 23»;
Tel i>tli& West.. 700 28% 24% 204
T St L & W pfd.. 400 35*; 35 354
I'nlon Pacific D2.&X) 76 74^ 76^*
Union Pacific pfd fctfi.
\\ abash 4OO 19 18% l»ii
Wabash pfd 2,500 S6Vi S5% 3tt
Wheel i Lake K. . 4O0 16TA 16V4 16V
Wisconsin Central. 10O 1SV4 1SV* 18Vi
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 500 424 41% 41%
Express Companies — •
Adams 222
Air.encan 1.S5
I'nlttd States .... ksj
W*lls-Fargo > 205
M iscellancous —
Amil Copper 34.600 47 T 4 46»4 47«i
! Amer Car & F 500 20V4 20 20 '
I Amer C & F pfd.. 10<> 714 714 71
Amer Cotton Oil 29
Amer Cot OH pfd 8S
American Ice 400 74 ~% "4
j American Ice pfd. 900 29 28% 2S%
Amer Linseed OH 9
Amer Lin Oil pfd 28%
Amer Locomotive . 1,200 22Ja 22 22*i,
Amer Loco pfd 824
Amer Smelt & Ref. 1,900- 40 48Vi 4S4
Amer S & Ref pfd 400 32 91% 01 54
Amer Sugar Ref... 4,400 125?i 12»4 125^,
Anaconda Min Co... 300 C6 C5 65
Brooklyn Rap T.. 73,300 42H 41% 42%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. GOO 29>i 2S% 29
Consolidated Gas . 2,300 l»4»i 192% 1934
Corn Products .... 1.800 14 13Vi 13%
Corn Products pfd 100 68 »i 68^4 C9
DlstUIers" Secur .. 100 23H 23% 23%
General EU«trk5... 200 1644 ie4 104
Inter Paper 100 114 11% 11
Inter Par»r pfd ¦ .... 64
Inter Pump 100 3<J 36 30
Inter Pump pfd 74
National Lead ... 400 14% i*% U~i
North American 200 83T4 S3% 83%
Pacific Mail 300 ' 28% 264 2C%
People's Gas 4.300 «7 »6 0C%
Pressed Steel Car.. 700 30% 30 304
Prcettd S Car pfd 200 704 70 70»»
Pullman Pal Car. 100 2C94 2TW4 209
Republic Fteel 900 7% 74 ~%
Republic Steel pfd. 200 41 44 434
Rubber Goods 700 19& 19 19
Rubber Goods pfd. ¦ 100 76 76 76
Ter.n Coal & Iron. 2.400 39% 37% 3M4
U S Leather 1.C00 ~% 7 7%
V S Leather pfd... 1.200 78% 77% 78
17 S Realty . . 1.000 6ft 6 «4
t; S Realty pfd .. 300 4S . • 47«4 47%
V 8 Rubber li*i
\: S Rubber prd... 300 494 « 484
V S Steel 17.300 11% 11^ 11%
r S Steel pfd 6,200' 58% 50% C84
¦UVEtinghouBe Elec. 500 161 160 1004
Western Union ... 400 8»% 89 89,-'
Total pal<>9 557.S0O shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW XOBJCt March 17.— Bond transactions
Jn United Railroads of San Francisco: 10.0U0
at 7a.
AMERICAN CAN CO1IPANT.
Common, bid 4>i. afked -*4; preferred, bid
SS. asked 33%. .
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S r«f 2s reg..lC3 |L i N unified 4s. 99
Do coupon 1054IMan con cold 4s..lO3U
Do 3s res . . ..10C>4!Mex Cent 4? C3
Do coupon lrti'.i! Do 1st Inc.... 13'4
Do new is rcg.1334! Jlinn & Bt L 4s. OU
Do coupon 132^1 M. K & Tex 4«..-0S
Do old 4* reclOOHl Do 2ds .'77%
'- Do- 1 coupon 107% KR of Mcx con 4a. 76
Atch gen 4s I'll N T C pen 34s.. !)"%
Do adj 43 89 N J C en Osr...l2S4
Atlantic C L 4s.. 02 Nor Pacific 4i.*.V.103u
Bal *- Ohio 4»...10iy, Do 3s ..... 71
Do 34« 03 fc Nor & W con 4s. 97%
Central of Ga Ss.lOC CSL 4s & iwrtlc. fl2'/»
Do 1st inc «5% Pa - conv 34s..., 93S4
Ches * Ohio 4>is.lOl',4 Reading gen 4* ...93^;
Chi & Alton S4s. 76H .«L & I M con &i.ll.ini
C B & Q new 4s. »24 R L & 6 FTg-ft; »i\"
CM & EP gen 4s.lO7 I fit Louis SW lets. 01
C & NW con 7s.l29i»!Seaboard A L 4*.fiS
C R I & Tac 4s. 70 i?o Pacific 4a 8$u
Do col 5r ...... 77%! So Railway 5s. .112%
C.C.C & EL gn4s. !tt IT« & Pac lstn.-.llcu
Chi Term 4a fO iT. St L & W4s. 70 .
Cons Tobacco- 4«. SS '{Union Pacific 4s.. 103%
Colo A.Fo 4s R5 I ' Do . conv . 4». . . . aoij
CF41MDT 5«. 70 |U R Steel. 2d" 5*. ; 7.1%
Dca ft Rio Q 1». 97!S|Wab*sh lsU .....118
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
' Wheat — 1 ilarch. May.- July.
Opening 6 7% 6 7ii 6 7
Closing 0 1H 0 794 6 7%
PARIS.
Wheat— March. Sept-D«c
Opening 21 50 11 40
Closing 2165 "2145
Flour-
Opening 28 65 29 60
, Closing < . . 28 80 29 50
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. March- -¦ 17.— Wool unchanged.
Medium grades, combing: and clothing, 17©
121HC; liKht fine, lZ@n\ic; heavy fine, 15
@n»c
Wool Sales.
LONDON, March 17.'— The offering's at the
! wool 'sales to-day numbered 1*,195 bales. A
• superior r election of half croasbreds sold aplr
1 ltedly. several lots of. fine medium going to
! America. . ¦-. .. ¦ ' ¦• •
Fine trades sold well, but- heavy grades
were irregular.
Northern Wheat Market:
OREGON.
PORTLAND, March 17.— Wheat — Walla
Walla. 70#77c: bluestem. 81@82c; Valley, 81
©S3c. ..-.-.
' • WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 17.— Wheat-^One cent lower
for club; blueatem, 82c; club, 76c '.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, March 17.— Clearings, $761,594;
balances, fl33,U43.
TACOMA. March 17. — Clearings, $391,620;
balance*. $si).721. ¦ * . ' •
PORTLAND, March 17. — Clearings. $574,890
balances, $ S3.C02.
SPOKANE. March 17.— Clearings, IC63.874:
balance?, 145,018.' --s^
Miscellaneous Markets.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sharp flurry in the mining stocks.
Local bonds active, but stocks dull. * ¦¦¦
Wall street stocks higher again, but Cotton breaks.
Wheat quiet and not materially changed.
Barley higher, tenth an active and interesting market.
Octs. Corn and Rye firmly held.
Trade in Hay and Feedstuff s affected by the rain, t
Xo further variation in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes quiet. Onions weak and lozvcr.
Poultry in good demand and 'firm. Game unchanged.
Oranges still in large supply. Limes weak.
Prunes reported offering loiver at Nciv York.
Provisions lencer at Chicago and dull here.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Canned Salmon firm, with prices sonicivhat higher.
SJiarp reduction in quotations or Salt Mackerel.
Beet Granulated Sugar marked up.
Exchange and Silver shoza. little change.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in ample supply and unchanged.
Erie prior li"n 4s. 97'J! Do deb B W^i
Do gen 4s So W & L Erie 4s... 8C*i
F W & D C 1PtJ>.H>4U Wis Cent 4s S9>*
Hocking Val •ty.s.lCo-'ftl
NEW YURK MINING STOCKS,
Adams Con "f,\ Ontario 4 00
Alice lOjOphlr ..._ 4 75
Hreece I0| Phoenix '....... CO
Com Tuqnel OSjPotosI 23
Con Cal & Va... 1 75| Savage S7
Horn Silver 1 25| Sierra Nevada 63
Irorr Silver 2 C5: Small Hopes 22
I^R/lville Con ... t>2 Standard 2 r-5
LJttlo Chief .... OCI
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— . |U S Steel 11 '4
Call loans 2i431 I ,4! Do pfd 53
Time loans ...4>i§5 IWcftlntr Common. 78
Bonds — I Mining —
Atchiaon 4a 06% Adventure 2
Do adj 4s S7J4jAllcue2 3>.£
Railroads — JAmal Copper .... 47-li
Atchison CTH'Amer Zinc .. 7H
Do pM DO | Atlantic S
Boston & Albany.24:» Bingham lO'a
Boston & Malnf.Wi j Calumet & Hecla.4-15
Boston Kiev l.'SS ! Centennial 17
Fltchburg pfd 127 I Copper Range ... 41%
ilex Central ll»i|DaIy We?t SO^i
N Y, N H & H..100 Dom, Coal r.fl
IV-rc Marquotte.. 77 Franklin 7%
Union Pacific TSyjGrancy 3 .
Miscellaneous— lisle Hoyale 7>4
Am«r Arge Chem. 12K{Mass Mining .... 3Va
Do pfd 71 Michigan 4H
Amer Pneu Tube. 4Ul Mohawk 35T4
Amer Sugar 125 Mont Coal & C. 2H
Do pfd 123>4|Old Dominion.... 0'/,
Amer Tel & Tel. 123 HI Oweeola - 57
Amer Woolen 10"*l Parrot 22%
Do pfd 74H.Qutncy S3
Dora Iron & 8.. SU! Shajinon 7%
Ed Elect Ilium... 234 I Tamarack 02
Gen Electric 1C3 I Trinity iV,
Mass Electric 18% !tJ S Mining 21%
Do pfd 72 |U S Oil .......... 8%
Mass Gas 3S%IUtah S3IS
United Fruit .... 99 I Victoria 3
Un Shoe Maeh... 47 Wlnona 5«i
Do pfd 2S"i Wolverine CO^
London Closing Stocks.
Cona money.. 86 11-16! N Y Central IIS14
Do acct *(?% I Nor & Western . . 58 1 ,4
Anaconda 3Vi! Do pfd SO
Atchison 6S'UOnt & Western.. 20 s ?;,
Do pM >*2 I Pennsylvania .... 68 %
Bal & Ohio 78 *i Rand Mines 914
Can Pacific 116 invading .., 21^4
Ches & Ohio 31 I Do 1st pfd 3»
Chi Great West.. 15Vil Do 2d pfd 2RVi
CM Mil & St P. 145 |Sn Railway 20%
De Beers 19%\ Do pfd :. 86
Den & Rio G 19m So Pacific ....... 45*4
Do pM C9*i! Union Pacific •.... 7CV4
Erie 254! Do pfd 90
Do 1st pM 65V4IU S Steel ...11H
Do 2d pfd 41 W Do pfd .....:.. T,<i%
111 Central l.ini^iWabash .; 19
Louis & Na.«h...l0ei;| Do pfd 35
M. K & Texas... 17H!
Bar silver — Quiet, 26>£d per ounce.
Money— 2%@2?4 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 3 per cent and for three months'
bills 2 15-1C@3 per cent.
Gold Shipments.
NEW YORK, March 17. — Gold amounting -to
?75O,000 wa« drawn from the Subtreaaury to
. day for shipment to South America.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. March 17. — The cotton market
closed weak at a decline of, 26 to 52 points.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. March 17.— FLOUR— Receipts.
21.343 barrel*: export*. 20.343 barrels. Quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts. 30.975 bushels. Spot.
eaey; No. 2 red. JlOl',-4 elevator. ?1 (Xl^fp
1 «>SH f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
f 1 06% t. o. b. afloat. It was another bear
day in wheat. Influenced by rumors that the
May deal in Chicago had been closed out and
by evidence of good rains In the Southwest.
Btoploes gelling continued until the last few
minutes, -when bull truiport led to a sharp
rally the close being unsettled at \%&l%e de
cline. May closed at 98%c; July, 95Hc; Sep
tember, M>«4c
HOPS — Firm.
PKTROL.EITM— Easy.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOLr— Steady.
BUTTER— Firm. Fresh creamery, 15<g24ttc;
State dairy. 14Jj?21c.
EGGF— Easy. Western firsts. 17^@17%c.
SUu.VR — Raw. firm; refined, firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet: .No. 7 invoice,
6HC: mild, steady. The coffee market closed
quiet at a net decline of 10 to 15 points. Sales,
35.000 bags. May, S.30$!i.45c; July. 5.60c;
August. 5.50@5.S0c; December. 6.15gt>.20c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPL.ES— The market la
firm. Common are quoted at 4J?5tyc; prime,
514c: choice, 60014c: fancy, 7£7%c.
PRUNES — Show no improvements and sell
ers are said to be granting concessions in order
to move supplies. Quotations range from 3V4c
to CHc. according to grade.
APRICOTS— An steady. Choice. QVjQlOc;
extra choice, lOVi'SlOVjc; fancy. Il<ffl3c.
PEACHES— Continue to attract Jobbing de
mand and rule about steady. Choice are
quoted at 6»'.@7>4c; extra choice. 7§7Hic; fan
cy. 9%<S10c.
Nezu York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, March 17. — Tin was very firm
and much higher than London, closing at an
advance of £1 2s 6d to £127 5s for spot and
£127 '2s 6d for futures. Locally tin was firm
and a shads higher, closing at $27 00@2S 10.
Copi>er was quiet In London, but a little
easier, closing at 2s Cd lower at £57 2s Cd for
ppot and £5<J 7s 6d for futures. Locally copper
Is quiet and unchanged. Lake Is held at
$12 .%<•*! 12 75: electrolytic and casting at
512 37^@12 C2>4.
Lead was unchanged at £11 ISs 8d Jn Lon
don and at *4 60S 4 6T» In the local market.
Spelter also was unchanged In both markets,
clcslnz nt £21 17s Cd In London and at ?5®
5 10 in New York.
Iron closed at 51s 4d in Glasgow and at 42*
Od in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was quiet.
Vo 1 foundry Northern. $15^15 50; No. 2
foundry Northern, ?14 50® 15; No. 1. foundry
Soutiifrn and No. 1 foundry Southern soft,
?13 &2U.
as follows: Flour, quiet, but steady; No. 3
Bpring vrheat,-. S9@D7c; No. 2 red, OigoT^c;
No. 2 corn/Siis; No. 2 yeilbw, 53c: No. 'i. oats,
B8KO30%e: Nc. 2 white, 436-»3%c; No. 3
white.. 4<1 >i 574:5 '/»c: No. 2 rre. 70c;. good feed-
Ing barley, :;Sfr-»lc: fair to choice malting, 46^
f.5c: No. 1 ilaxyeod. $1 10; No. 1 Northwestern.
$1 15; prime timothy seed, f:{;-mess pork per
barrel, $13 :j2>_fU5 75;.. lard,- per 100 pounds,
$_82',sG(ilS3; short ribs sides (loose), $ti <J2tt*
short clear tides (boxed). $7 23@7 37*i; whisky,'
basis of high wines, $1 2S; clover, contract
grade, $11 1'5. . .
Articles — Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels 51,700 44,800
Wheat, bushels 20,400 3!$,4C0
Corn, bushels ...... 173,(500 134,500
Oats, bushels 233,000 - 175.100
Ry<\ bushels 9,600 5.OW
Barley, bushelf ..¦ 59,000 - 50,400
• -. x
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, March 17. — On the. Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 141i_3Hc; dairies, 13?4@21c Egg»*
steady at mark, ca.«es included, 15_<313>»ic'
Cheese, steady. 10»4@llc. '* "
Livestock Market. .
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, March 17.^-CATTLE— Receipts
C500. Slow. Good to prime steers $5 ?5®
5 73: toor to medium. $3 6005; stockers and
feeders. ?2 TK>#4 25; cows. $1 eO&i 25; heifers
$2S?2 J5; canners. $1 C0<??2 50; bulls $2®4
calves, $3<!?G; Texas-fed steers, $4@4 CO.' . '
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 35,000; to-morrow
25.000. Mostly lower. Mixed and butchers*!
$5 25(g5 45; ecod to choke heavy, $5 45@5 55
rough heavy, $5 2rwH5 40; .light, $4 85S5 30 :
bulk of Mies, $5 .10@5 45.
SIIEKP— Receipts. 15,000. Sheep and lambs
steady. <3ood to choice,- wethers $1 25<g5 25;
fair to choice mixed, $3 5O3J.4 50- Western
sh^ep. $3 25@5 15; jiattve lambs, $1 &0@5 60;
Western lambs, ISiSigSiaD.
THE SAN "-FRANCISCO GALL. FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
100— H-SAB — X0O
5^ Draft,Wagoa_ Saddle Horses C^
Consigned by Sol Hale Jr. of Idaho and W.
C. Wen cf Lakevie^r. Oreron.
40 head well broken Draft HorSes, weighing
from 140W to 1$CO poifrtds.
40 head gentle- Wagta Horses, weighing from
1200 to I4oo pounds.
10 head good single Driving Horses.
10 head well broken Saddle Horse*.
These Horses can be seen at barn Saturday.
March 19. AT AUCTION TUESDAY, MARCH
22. 7:30 p. m.
Remember, every horse Is gentle and well
broken, single and double.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHAXGE.
24<$ Third Street. San Francisco.
W. G. LATNG, Auctioneer..Burnett's Extract of Vanilla pr*.
sared ; from selected Vanilla. Beans. ¦ •
Heat that damp room .with a gas
heater from E. F. Gas and Electric Co. .
415 Post. ... .'•-..
LIMA, March 17.— Anxiety is . caused here
by the : bad state of President Candamo's
health. It Is felt, that "if anything should
happen to him without a- Vice President In of
fice the • door would i be oDen' f or the • Cacerlsts
tc seize the Government. > > t!XF9£Mla£fiBUB&
Congressman Gillette has sent the
following communication to Super
visor Braunhart, chairman of the
Public Utilities Committee, relative to
the opposition to the bill designed to
grant water, rights on the Tuolumne
River to the city of San Francisco:
Tours of March 5 at hand, and In reply
will say that I would have no Interest In the
world in opposing San Francisco's deslr» to
get a ' water supply from Tuolumne County,
because it is more Important to have water for
domestic use than for any other purpose. If
it could be shown or if - my constituents could
be assured that they would not be deprived of
water which they need for mining and for
irrigating purposes, it is more than probable
that <no objection would be made to the qrop
osltion. I think the greatest opposition? you
will have will be from the Land D«[wrttfifnt.
I presented the bill, when I flrst received Iti to
the department and found out from them that
the ¦ matter had been presented before and
that the Secretary of the . Interior was op
posed to it. Under the law and ¦' rales you
will have to obtain his advice and approval,
and if you ¦ secure that I suppose you would
probably have no trouble. Mr. Needham's con
stituents would be more directly affected by
the bill than mine, and ' I think he would be
Congressman Gillette ~ Says the Land
Department Will Object to the
Tuolumnc River Project.
EXPLAINS OPPOSITION
TO WATER RIGHTS BFLL
Mrs. E. F. Glaser, Mrs. Clark and
Mrs. Palache appeared yesterday be
fore the Supervisors' committee In be
half of the petition of the California
Outdoor League for the removal of tel
ephone and telegraph poles from cer
tain districts. W. R. Hewitt, . chief of
the Department of Electricity, informed
the committee' that the pole3 at Sutter
and Mason streets, California ' and
Stockton streets and In front of 807 Cal
ifornia street will; be removed shortly
by the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company. ;
The petition of Mrs. Margaret Lynch
that' Lynch street be expunged from
the official map was referred to the
City Attorney for legal advice on the
matter.
The complaint of residents that Van
Ness avenue, between Filbert and Un
ion streets, is swept but once a month
was referred to the Board of Works for
investigation. . ' ¦ . . ....
. v The committee • rejeommended that
artificial stone sidewalks be laid on
Greenwich street, between Octavia and
Gough ; on Twenty-first street, between
Bryant and York; on Bryant street, be
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second,
and on' Second avenue, between Clem
ent and California streets. The road
way of Waller street, between Masonic
avenue arid Ashbury street, was fully
accepted.
WELIi REMOVE POLES
FROM THE SIDEWALKS
SAN BERNARDINO. M«rch 17.— The BaaU
T» Railroad Company to-nicht cut the working
hours In the •heps here from ten to eight hours,
a, reduction o£,20 per cent. Nine hundred men
a.re affected. The change Is effective at once.,
Stanford's President Tells of Difficul
ties Met In Scaling thc Steepest
of the Alps.
earth W a^ ee l S i° StSnd °" to P of *"«
earth and look down a fewmiles at th P
STli V? £ M 6
by President David Starr Jordan of
Stanford University to the member^
and friends of Mrs. Humphrey Smitn's
dramatic class at Western HaS His
subject. "The Ascent of the Mat£er!
horn, pointed back to an experience
In August. 1881, when in company wkh
a few other Americans he scaled the
steepest, if not the highest, of X Alps
The safe distance of twenty-three yeJS
and 7000 milesmade it possible for £e
lecturer to jest about the hairbreadth
escapes attending the greatest feat of
his younger manhood, but between Dr
Jordan 8 flashes of humor his hearers
recognized the dangers of the under
taking and followed with breathless in
tereat his narrative of the tedious climb
to the summit, the slower and more
dangerous descent, the night spent on
i«?w2 Un !£ ln and the final meeting
with friendly aid at the base, when the
need had passed.
The story of hardship and struggle
was prefaced by an interesting ac
count of the first ascent, made in 1865
by the most famous of all mountain
climbers. Edward Whymper, the Lon
don newspaper reporter, who had defied
the superstitions of the Swiss that the
Matterhorn was not a mountain at all
but a thing of magic, whose top was
Inhabited by divers evil spirits, among
them the Wandering Jew, who hurled j
rocks down upon all foolhardy climb
ers. Since then, the lecturer said, a
small number of tourists each year had
reached the top. among these being
four or five women.
— — ~*~ t 1
Business Man Is Missing.
Ehas Wank, proprietor of the Met
ropolitan Picture Frame Factory at
313 Stockton street, was reported
missing to the police yesterday by his
brother, Moses Wank. Ellas has been
missing since March 5.. He had a
large sum of money on- his person at
the time of his disappearance and his
brother fears he has met with foul \
play. He was 46 years of age. '
ASCENT OP 3IATTERHORX
DESCRIBED BY D R. JORDAN
An affidavit full of charges against
Dr. Aimer F. Veale, former special
administrator of the" estate of James
D. Taylor, was filed yesterday by
?Charles E. Naylor, attorney for Bee
Taylor, administratrix of the estate.
The affidavit Is filed in connection
with Veale'e motion to set aside the
court's approval of his final account,
in order that he might present a claim
against the estate for pay for his ser
vices. Xaylor charges that Veale, in
order . to get control of the estate,
misrepresented the facts to the court
and that he betrayed his trust by
turning over to the security company
which furnished him bonds stocks
and other securities that came into his
hands upon the death of Taylor. Be
cause of the* alleged misconduct of
Veale, say» Xaylor, he is not entitled
to pay.
Makes Charges Against Veale.
Representatives of the various Im
provement clubs appeared before the
Board of Public 1 Works yesterday to
express their preference for needed
street improvements in their respec
tive districts, provision for which may
be made in the next municipal budget
The Board of Works expressed itself
in sympathy with the improvements
designated, but explained that its pow
er extended only so , far as to make
the recommendations therefor to the
Board of Supervisors, who made the
neeessary appropriations covering mu
nicipal expenditures. The Board of
Works agreed to make the recommen
dations indicated by the petitions of
the improvement clubs. ;
G. Roundy, A. B. Magulre and R.
Pease of the Mission Improvement
Clubs asked that Mission street from
Crescent avenue to Silver avenue and
from Onondaga avenue to the county
line be bituminized, as the roadway
in its present condition is Impassable.
They also advocated the bitumlnizlng
of "Valencia street from Eighteenth to
Twenty-eighth.
R. C. Clark and B. C. Joost of the
Market Street and Eureka Valley Im
provement Club petitioned for the
opening of Market street from Seven
teenth street to the ocean. Joost said
that the improvement had been agir
tated as far back as 1876, when a map
thereon had been prepared, which, he
submitted to the board. Another map
was made in 1892.-
C. L.. Butte cf the West of Castro
Street Improvement Club asked* that
Hoffman avenue be extended so as to (
make access for fire engines easy tq
the surrounding district, and L. Hack
ett of the same club spoke of the neces
sity for improving the. roadway of View
avenue from Twenty-first to Twenty
fourth streets on account of its impas
sable condition.
G.' L.;Baum, E. McGinley, J. T. Terry
and T.V J. Cassidy of the Point Lobos
Avenue Improvement Club urged the
bitumihizlng of Point Lobos avenue
for Qts entire' width and length, and
the.< recommendation for the same will
be-made by.the Board of Works.
The board appointed Drs. Harvey and
Stinson' a committee to look into the
matter of ventilation of new buildings,
it having 'been discovered that the or
dinance relating: thereto is being: vio
lated. ' ~
\ The board condemned the cellars of
premises numbered from 709 to 751 1 / g
Sacramento street and ordered them to
be torn out and placed in sanitary con
dition. ; : -
Drs. A. E.' Scott and H. D. Power
were appointed "consulting physicians at
the Almshouse. ;F. -P.;Curran was ap
pointed night watchman;
The ;board adopted the rules and reg
ulations formulated by City Physician
Beatrice M.Hlnkle.M.D., for the pro
posed system" of sanitary inspection by
the trained district nurses. . These will
aid the; Inspecting physicians in the im
provement -of ' sanitary .conditions, the
system being in successful operation in
Now York City.' • .
Dr. W. • J. Williams -.was appointed
resjdent physician at the Pesthouse at
a salary, of $150 per month.
The raising of the percentage of but
ter fats Is. in accordance with the de
sire of Mayor Schmitz, it having been
found that, the Infant mortality has
been sensibly decreased in New York'
by the adoption of the higher rate.
The board ratified the appointment of
Dr. W. M/ Lawlor as receiving secre
tary at. the City and Hospital
at a salary of $100 per month. Lawlor
succeeds R. Ehrlich, who was appointed
January 9 last when the board assumed
office.
"The plan, in brief, is to visit the pub
lic schools of the city and make a class
room Inspection with the idea of de
tecting the presence of disease in the
early part of the incubative stages in
cases of contagious or Infectious dis
eases, and to detect the presence of
chronic conditions which have escaped
the observation of the parents. The
object- gained Is Intende'd to be the
early arrest of the spread of contagion
in the schools and the reference of thea;
acute and chronic cases to the family
physicians of these children. Dally
or weekly reports complying, with cer
tain printed forms will be required in
order to tabulate the proper. results of
this inspection."
The board adopted Health Officer
Ragan's recommendation that inspec
tions and analyses of all milk supplle-J
by dairies to householders be made reg
ularly twice each month. The board
also raised the standard of butter fata
in milk from 3.2 per , cent to 3.5 per
cent, owing to the fact that adultera
tions have become very frequent. The
bi-monthly bacteriological "inspections
will be made because formalin Is still
being used by some unscrupulous deal
ers to preserve milk. •*;.
To that end the board has been in
communication with a number of phy
sicians who have signified their willing
ness to make daily inspections in the
various schools. A letter was ordered
to be sent to, the physicians who have
volunteered their services in that con
riection. The letter says:
The Board of Health decided yester
day to put into effect on April 1 its
proposed system of inspection of the
health conditions among the pupils of
the public school department. At a
recent conference the co-operation of
the Board of Education was assured In
the taking of precautions against the
dissemination of certain diseases by
contact of pupils.
Evershed admits having robbed his
former employer in Fresno and says
that Collins had nothing to do with
the thefts, but was merely assisting
him to dispose of the stolen goods.
Evershed's father is a respected
citizen of Brighton. He is very
wealthy, having a large jewelry and
cutlery factory, in addition to four
wholesale and retail jewelry stores.
The youth worked for Warner In
Fresno for four months and claims to
have learned the business with his
father in England. He came to Cali
fornia last October and is but 17 years
old. A large number of keys were
found on his person and the police be
lieve that he and j Collins intended
burglarizing hotel rooms.
Collins claims to hail from Henri
etta, Texas, and says he owns a bot
tling establishment there. He is 23
years old.
A boy and a young man were ar
ijtsted last night by Police Officers
Huyden and Rheil for having stolen
goods in their possession. The pris
oners gave their names as Vivian C.
Evershed and Robert B. Collins. Ever
shed, who is the younger, is the son
of A. Evershed, a wealthy jewelry and
cutlery manufacturer of 121 Church
road and 52 Western road, Brighton,
England.
Evershed confessed that he ' had
stolen jewelry and various other
articles found in the possession of
himself and Collins from a Jeweler
named H. C. "Warner of Fresno, by
whom .he was employed up to a -week
ago. The entire value of the goods is
in the neighborhood of $250.
Evershed arrived in town in com
pany with Collins, whom, he says, he
met on a Stockton boat. The two were
caught yesterday while in the act of
disposing of some of the stolen jewelry
to M. Stein, who conducts the Royal
Clothing. Parlors at 114 Ellis street.
Stein was seAi by the officers coming
from the room of the thieves in the
Auburney House at 118% Ellis street.
He had just made a trade, giving
young Evershed a fine $30 suit for
stolen property valued at over $50.
The officers became suspicious and
halted Stein, who told them where he
had gotten the stuff.
Evershed and Collins were arrested
in their room and when their effects
were searched an immense amount of
cheap toilet articles, match boxes, two
silver watches and some jewelry,
among which was a gold locket con
taining a small diamond, were found.
The prisoners were taken to the City
Prison and their names placed on the
detinue book.
Suit was brought in the Justices'
Court yesterday by Mrs. Amerique B.
Deussing against Marion Griffin, a
dealer in lodging-houses, to recover the
sum of $110. In her complaint Mrs.
Deussing alleges that Griffin agreed to
secure a purchaser for the former's
lodging-house, at 579 O'Farrell street,
and under the contract was to receive
5 per cent of the price for which it
would be sold.
Griffin secured a purchaser for $3800
and accepted from him a deposit there
on in the sum of $300. The remaining
$3500 was paid to Mrs. Deussing, who
thereupon demanded the sum of $110
from Griffin, that being the difference
between the desposlt of $300 collected
by him and $190, the commission to
which he is entitled under the terms of
the agreement. Griffin has since re
fused to pay the $110.
Lodging-House Keeper Alleges That
Dealer Retained More Than His
Alleged Commission.
SUES FOR RETPRX OF
PORTION" OF DEPOSIT
The entire Market-gtreet cable sys
tem was tied up for about an hour last
night, owing to one of the jrripmen fail-
Ing to throw off his grip before going
over a bumper. Manager Chapman had
a squad of workmen on the scene In
a short time, and It did fast work in
getting the cars moving again.
Accident on Car IJnev
Board Will Inaugurate In
spection System in Pub
lic Schools on April 1
Representatives of Various
Clubs Urge Board of Works
to Make Eecommendations
Son of a Wealthy English
Jewelry Manuf act iirer Con
fesses toEobbingEmployer
TO SAFEGUARD
PUPILS' HEALTH
YOUNG THIEF
IS CAPTURED
IMPROVEMENTS
ARE ADVOCATED
more inclined to oppose It. and. being 1 a mem
ber of thfr Public, Lands Committee, of course
he would be In a position to oppose it success
fully if It appeared that the bill would be in
jurious to the Interests of his people. What
Mr. Llverrash will have to do, first, will b«
to get a favorable report from the Secretary
of the Interior and from the director of th»
Geological Survey, because If they report on it
adversely his bill can never pass. This is
what I set out to do at the very outset be
fore I received protests from my constitu
ents. I thought by taking the matter up with
the director rf the Geological Survey that I
might be able to accomplish something, but,
aa I stated to you. his report was adverse.
"Our force is entirely too small to j
efficiently handle the police work of
this city. A- conservative estimate of
the population is 425,000, besides a great
jiumber of people who are in business
here and reside in suburban towns, in
addition to the large floating, popula
tion. Your attention is called to the
'penny-wise-pound-foolish 1 system of
paying large rentals for police stations
when the necessary land is available
for the erection of buildings by the
city."
The statement continues
To save rentals of $4084 for police
Stations Wl(,tman petitions that new j
stations be built for Golden Gate Park
at a cost of $25,000. North End for
$20,000, Potrero for $25,000 and Ocean
View for $6000. j
"Wittman also recommends that an I
appropriation of $3600 be made to em- j
ploy two carpenters and a painter, thus :
doing away with the necessity of de
tailing regular officers on this work. {
Chief of Police Wittman filed a state
ment with the Board of Supervisors
yesterday to the effect that the sum
of $900,616 will be required to pay sal
aries of policemen and other attaches
of the Police Department during the
next fiscal year. In addition to this
amount, the police patrol will require
$22,505 and miscellaneous expenses will
eat up $18,950 more. At present there
are 575 patrolmen on the force besides
the commissioned officers.
Wittman asks for funds to pay addi
tional officers on the force, as follows:
One captain, of police, at $2400 per
year; two lieutenants of police, $3360;
ten detective sergeants, $18,000; five pa
trol sergeants, $7500; four corporals,
$5616, and 200 additional patrolmen,
$244,880. He also asks that a new rank
be created in the department between
the Chief of Police and the captains
to be known as "Inspector of Police,"
who would act as assistant to the Chief
and take his place during his absence,
the salary of the position to be $3240
yearly.
Asks for Appropriations in
Next Budget to Build Four
Stations on City Property
WOULD SAVE RENTALS
Chief Wittman Petitions
Supervisors to Grant Him
Many Additional Officers
WANTS LARGER
POLICE FORCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18/ 1904
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEAD SOLID SORE
Awful Suffering of Baby and
Sleepless Kights of
Bnotner.
CURED BY CUTICURA
Skin Fair as a Lily with no Scar
to Recall Awful Sore
Writes Mother.
" I herewith wrlt« oat in fall the be-
ginning and end of that terrible disease,
eczema, which caused my babe untold
suffering and mjself many sleepless'
nights.
"My babe was born seemingly a fair,
healthy child, bat when she was three,
weeks old. a swelling appeared on the
back of her head, and in coarse of time
broke. It did not heal bat grew worse,
and the sore spread from the size of a
dime to that of a dollar. I used all
kinds of remedies that I could think of,*.
bat nothing seemed to help ; in fact, it
grew worse. Her hair fell oat where
the sore was, and I feared It would never '.
grow again. It continued nntll my aged
father came on a visit, and .when ha
taw the baby he told me to get Cati-
cura Soap and Ointment right away.'
" To please him I did 00, and to my
surprise by their use the sora began to
heal over, the hair grew orer it, and
to-day she has a nice head of hair, her.
skin Is as fair as a Uly, and she has no
scar left to recall that awful sore, and
it is over eight months and no sign of
Its returning."
Mrs. Wm. Rter, Elk River, Minn.
••Cure permanent." So writes Mrs.
Ryer. Feb. 26, 1908, six years later:
¦ •• Tour letter of the 19th inst. received,
aakiug in regard to the care of my baby""
some six years ago. Well, the disease
has never returned to her head which at
that time was a solid sere ; on top and
down the back. Once or twice slate
then a pitch has come on her hand near:
the wrist, bat it finally disappeared
after proper treatment with Cnticnra.7
¦ Bold ihr%*t hoot tha vorld. Oattcnr* RaMlTtnt. .We. :
(la term of CbnroLt. Cmted Villt, lie. p«r -rial of (W),
Oiatmrnt. Ate.. Socp. Me. < Depot* t London. V »:h»rtec
him* r<j. : P«m. S ku de U I'siz I Boston. 1ST Columbia !
Are. Voitwr Dmc * Otem. Corp . Sol* Proprietor*. '
«jr»en4 lor " Jiow to Cum £cttm4."
• .. APVEBTISEMENTS. .__' " "... [___^
' EASTER SUITS
P^^^^^^P . Easter will soon be here—the time
1?^^^^^^^ when everybody is in gala dress. A S
new suit is appropriate and essential .
Ww at this scason - Yovn S mcn an d boys i^P^I
tH » do not want to lag behind the older • » |{|
S nien. Nowhere can you find as large |||1 ft||
if 11 an assor^ ment °* clothes for man, ||| pi
mti/^mK k° y or °k iI( * as * n tllc k*9 vestibule &A f ||
j^r"-^m^ store at prices renowned as the |||
' lo\i^e si
Confirmation and Sunday * . Black Thibet Snits.
Snits for Boys' Open Saturday Mght TiU Ten Ste »* e or d0UbIe brea5tc , d coat ;
juue mi iw;s. r j s tailored with all the style pvt
Three ptcccs-coat, vest and »..,, TO AAAIN tat ° 0 ° r men * cIolhcs; coneave
trousers— in Black Thibcts and . shoulder; elongated lapel; snug
Cheviots and Blue Serges. Made m^w.^' wa ii,_ ' ' m. -—¦ xt 1-uiui. J rSk<\ Iitting collar. Vest with or wilh-
wcar, and yet lull 0! style and 1^^^^^ i^^^ D '&*4T% thc bcSl CVer oIIcrcc^ al 8
grace. 6 to 16 years. Ovr price j&LJSp? ifpv^reY ig H^H^» price. 14 to 19 years.
$5.00 SIfrSIS MARKET SXmwtcowebv $10.00
AD VEBTTSEMENT3. _^__
\f • \iJs** ¦ i— <i I i ii .1 CTjir%» in. —. ¦»¦ i.no«Tnmi m iimmiuhwi »<w»y«r»»wmiim ihiwmi »-* y
If
Special Attractions for
Friday and Saturday.
Children'* days at Magnln's.
We -are showing a superb, assortment of novelties in
children's, misses' and small women's wearing apparel.' Every
day adds new styles \6 the line, as our designers are con-
stantly at work creating the very newest modes. A special
feature of our garments which is worthy of mention is the
fact that you can depend upon the styles as being the newest,
materials and make the very best, and prices the most rea-
I J sonable when quality is considered. • ¦
SPECIAL fW
CHILDREN'S SAILOR *d^*&&&>.
SUITS, same style as illus- tig8fiHtt*fflffjfffiftfr
trated; made of navy blue dot-
1 tfd percale, white Galatea i^™WBffl(lBwB8i
shield and tie; full skirts with £S®|^'H|ftJ^f /J|S
T<ieep hem; sizes 8 to 14 years.
Regular $1.75 value— >^^^^P^l
•special for Friday and i^^l^P^S^
Becoming Styles for Small Boys,
We make a special study of clothing for little- boys.
'Yoa can depend "upon the finish and the material. We are
• constantly creating new things in order to make this depart-
! ment the most extensive of its kind in the West.
SPECIAL.
BOYS' RUSSIAN SUITS, with bloomer trousers, made
of best quality of English pique, trimmed with pearl buttons;
sizes 2 to 4 years. Regular $3.00 value — special DO O£
for Friday and Saturday *$£»£%}
Misses' Suit Department
Suits for misses and small women. A greater variety
*than ever, at prices that are most attractive. N
SPECIAL.
MISSES' and SMALL WOMEN'S SUITS, made of all-
wool, checked tweed, in- tan, green and blue mixtures, neatly
trimmed with silk and gold braid and brass buttons; jacket
lined with best quality of Skinner's satin; skirt effectively
tucked and kilted; sizes 14 to 18 years. $19.50 QlQ Cfi
value — special for Friday and Saturday \p I O» O \3
Children's Millinery Dep't.
A'- new showing of an extensive assortment of Lingerie
Hats. The Hneerie hat will be the correct fashion for spring
and summer, 1904. We are exhibiting a vast variety of hats,
made of fine lawns, daintily trimmed with embroideries and
laces, at
$1.50 $2.00 $2.50
9/0-322 MA#K£T ST
>1 t ih Rat jfia <£
APVEBTIBF.il/rENTS.
f Regular Price Is S9.oo|
|7 Very strongrly made. All \
l| heavy brass trinnninsrs. Two n
II extra trays. Just the sort of a
,11 trunk to take on trip to the 1
H \yorld'B Fair. 3
|| Positively the greatest trunk I
O value to be found on the coast. |
I A. B. SMITH CO. I
ft 128-132 Sills St., above Powell, 3
fttL 8A2T FJLAJTCXSCO. J
ADV^aTISEJMmNT3.
Trlday, Saturday, Saturday Nisrht.
35c SACKS BEST CORNMEAU 25c!
salad but q£ hot.~ir»c
Pure, sweet, refined oil. Usually 20o.
35c SACKS RYE FLOUrT 2oC. '
PUKE LSAP XAXU> 3-lb. pall 3."»O
All best brands: kettlo rendered. Usually 45o.
LARGE. MKATT~PRUNES^6 POUN r D3~2S<r.
ALASKA SALMON, Tall CiUll.4 fox 23c
New Pack. Regular 10c.
WHITE MOUNTAIN FIGS— 6 POUNDS 23c.
CREAMERY BUTTER 35c
Best produced In Marln Counter — Choice of
brands. Large Squares.
FAVORITE FLAKED MUSH— 3 PKG3. 23c.
KONA COPPEE a la«. 35c
Best Hawaiian Cottee. Whole or ground.
FLAPJACK FLOUR. 2 pkgs 25c '
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE.2bots.25c
Genuine J. Marshall & Co. superior piquant
_; ; •' ¦¦ flavor.
S 15c BRILLIANTSHIXE. 3 CANS 25c.
MACAROJTX. Loasf or Short Cut. . .lb. ,'c
Best made from hard spring wheat. Usually 10c
10c~BLACK 1FIG¥.~POUNP. Sc.
old government waislrr.bct. 73c
Bottled In bond. Used in U. S. Army Hospl*
trtls. Elsewhere $1 and up.
PAUL JONES WHISKY. 70c.
TABLE CLARET, "Asti". . .gal, 33 1-3 C
Taste It at store. Usually BOc.
WILSON RYE WHISKY. 80c.
FORT or SHERRY WINE yal. SSc
••Elscn" Vineyard. 6 years old. Usually $1 25.
S1.25 MARQUETTE WHISKT. BOT.. 90c.
1001 FILLMORE ST. 119 TAYLOR ST.
Par* 183 Phone Howard 1031
Candies
Chocolates W
Bonbons i!
Given Away Free '
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Baking Powder
It Pays to
Trade at \
Great Americas Importing Tea Go's
Stores i
881 Market 210 Grant »r. 1419 Ml ¦
140 Sixth 1819 Devisadero ' 7C5 Larkir. $'
475 Haizht 3CO5 Sixteenth 155 Hayes t
3235 Mission 521 Monts'y ave. 52 Market f.
2008FUlmor» 251S Mission 145 Ninth —
SM Third t ZZ32 24th 4V> Fourth J*
jKi^sHS^sB5SjE2HS£^3'!SH3B3^^yss^^J?f'?^ it*****
[ >^r>. Coughs, Colds,!
i§Sj5$4 Asthma, Bronchitis, H
H»*3S7 Hoarseness, |
and Sore Throat. *j
bicnatnreof &&***$ S*ZLn~uJ!P*- box. kj .