. ¦ ¦ ¦ .,.-¦-.¦¦.-. - . ,-• , ¦ - ¦ ,« y
THE chief damage done by the storm locally was the wrecking of a new seven-story building at Bush and Polk streets and the destruction of the steeple of. St: Paul's Church. Cellars were flooded and shipping in the bay suf
fered slightly. Many Jumses were unroofed, chimneys demolished and two uncompleted flats were blown dozvn. Repprts from the country are meager, but all indicate that outlying districts felt the fury of the storm and low
lands are flooded, WasJioats are reported along tlie lines of all the railroads and train service is disorganised. . \ ¦
SEVEREST WIND AND RAIN STORM KNOWN IN YEARS RAGES FOR
HOURS AND DOES DAMAGE MOUNTING UP INTO THE THOUSANDS
RUINS OF BUILDINGS WRECKED BY THE STORM THAT RAGED
WITH ALMOST UNPRECEDENTED FURY IN THIS CITY YES
TERDAY MORNING.
BERBERA. Somaliland, March 10.
— General Manning succeeded in sur
prising the Mad Mullah's adherents
February 26, killing 150 of them and
capturing 300 camels.
Mad Mullah's Forces Killed.
Continued on Paso 5, Column 4.
DENVER, March 10. — The troops
of the Fifth Cavalry. U. S. A., now at
Fort Logan have been ordered to
leave the fort not later than March
20 and proceed overland by way of
Wingate to Forts Huachuca and
Apache. This order prescribes a
march of more than 1100 miles and
over f>ome rough mountainous coun
try- The trip will require fifty days.
Receive Orders to Leave Fort Logan
and Proceed by Way of Wingate to
Forts Huachuca and Apache.
TWO TROOPS OF CAVALRY
TO TAKE A LONG MARCH
The fleet appeared off Port Arthur
at 11 o'clock last night. The signal
station evidently sighted the warships,
for fifty minutes later, when the fleet
was within firing distance, the forts
opened fire upon them. .
Soon after this first approach, dur
ing which many shells were thrown
into the town, a gale sprang up : and
the Japanese moved further off shore.
The weathor soon moderated., how
ever, and the squadron renewed, its
attack. From then until 8 o'clock in
the morning shells were hurled at the
fortress. No mention of damage done
MUKDEN, March 10.— The following
advices have been received here from
Port Arthur:
"Torpedo-boats of the enemy were
discovered off Port Arthur about mid
night last night. ¦' The shore batteries
opened flre on them, but soon ceased.
At about 3 o'clock in the morning four
of our torpedo-boats 'Went out to sea.
Our torpedo-boats then returned.
"Later two of our torpedo-boats
again went out to sea, but at once re
turned, bringing news of the approach
of a Japanese squadron of fourteen
ships. At about 8 o'clock in the morn
ing this squadron opened. flre at long
range."
TOKIO, March 10. — Admiral Togo
again bombarded Port Arthur -. to-day
and for eight hours poured shot and
shell into the town and at the forti
fications. The latter replied to the at
tack, but it is not believed^hat any of
the Japanese ships were struck.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— The Navy
Department knows nothing of the fore
going protest. Officials say, that if a
Junk has been sunk Commander . Saw
yer of the United j States gunboat Hel
ena will be Justified In protesting. ¦¦-...
VLADIVOSTOK, March 10. — The
acting chief of staff to-day officially
pronounced the reports of a sea fight
between the Russian and Japanese
squadrons last Sunday. to be absolutely
unfounded.
CHEFU, March 10. — Two torpedo
boats, as scouts, left Port Arthur on
March 7, in the morning, and have been
unheard of since. It is feared they
have - fallen into the hands of the
enemy.
More Japanese transports have been
sighted proceeding to the Gulf of Liao
tung.
A Peking telegram' to the Jijl Shlmpo
states that England and America have
protested against the Russian action in
sinking a Junk at Newchwang. because
the egress of their war vessels now
staying there will be blocked.
Russian and Japanese mounted scouts
met north of Pingyang yesterday. Af
ter a brief engagement the Russians re
treated. No casualties are reported on
either side.
was made in the report received her*,
which probably came from Chefu.
When the Japanese were first sight
ed several torpedo-boats were sent out
by the Rusians to locate them. They
soon returned and, although fired on,
were, not hit.
The negro. named Thomas
Vaughan, was charged with asaulting
a Carbondale school-teacher a month
ago. The woman is still in a preca
rious condition. Jeff Etherton. Josh
Walker. Jack Lightfoot. the members
of the mob arrested, were released on
bonds. Walker said the intention was
to get the negro out without blood
shed.
MtTRPHYSBORO, I1L, March 10.
Twenty-five Carbondale men attempt
ed to take a negro from Jail here to
day to lynch him. The Sheriff frus
trated the plan, however, and arrested
four prominent citizens. Deputy
Jack Woodward was wounded in the
attack by the accidental discharge of
his gun.
Four Prominent Citizens of an Illi
nois Town Arrested for an At
tempted Crime.
LY2CCHERS MAKE ATTACK
OX JAIL FOR A NEGRO
.On the whole, while the storm has
done some damage, there is a silver
lining to the clouds, as it is of ines
timable value to the growing cereal
crops and will furnish abundant feed
for the cattle on hundreds of hill
sides in the dry, months to come.
While much damage was done on the
bay, the majority of the vessels rode
out the storm in safety, their masters
having heeded the warnings sent out
by the Weather Bureau. Some smaller
craft went ashore and two ferry-boats
suffered slightly, but, on the % whole,
considering the. large amount of ship
ping-in the bay and the fact that a
high sea coupled with a fierce gale was
on for. hours, it can safely be said. that
the damage, was nominal, - and stands
as a splendid advertisement for San
Francisco's great '- harbor • in the face
of unusual circumstances.
' San Francisco did not suffer. alone.
From all sections of the State come
tales of wind and flood, but they are
very meager, as communication has
been interrupted. At Sacramento the
velocity of the. wind was greater than
in" this city, and the rain fell In . tor
rents," . swelling the already overflow-
Ing rivers. Reports from other north
ern, and southern counties are in the
same strain, with * the exception of
the - extreme south, where a drop of
rain at present is prized almost as a
piece of gold. •
The high advertising. fences, always
a menace to life and limb during a
storm, ' suffered severely. They lie
prostrate everywhere, but fortunately
the majority of them went down at an
hour when the streets were practically
desertfcd.
were all down and the streetcars could
not be operated . owing to blockades
and, washouts. The Richmond district,
owing to its exposed location, suffered
severely. Two three-story flats in the
course of construction were, blown
dojivn and other buildings were un
roof od.
Washed Overboard In Storm.
Pilot Hayes, who brought the
steamer Tellu's into . .port yesterday
afternoon, i reports that Al . Ross, boat
keeper on .'trie pilot boat America, "was
washed ; overboard during:, the j heavy
weather.; of ; Wednesday night." Ross
was -'a', Russian Finn . and t about , 37
years 7 of . age. '¦¦'_ His body has not; yet
been recovered. • .'• '-. i- , ' » '
. Communication, "with the' outlying
districts 'was practically; cut off for
severalvhciirs ; yesterday. * The 'Wiresi
Tho lower lying sections of the city,
particularly where the sewer system
is inadequate to ? carry off the surplus
water in case - of an emergency, also
suffered severely.^ The water filled- the
sewers, backed into the gutters, flood
ed cellars and 1 gradually rose to the
first \ floors of dwelling-houses, ruining
carpets arid ! furniture and " driving the
inhabitants to seek shelter, elsewhere.
The storm which broke upon this
city Wednesday anight and raged un
til yesterday noon was one of ' the
most violent in the history of the city
and from a financial standpoint .un
questionably the most disastrous. , The
records of the Weather Bureau show
that the barometric pressure was not
as low by a fractional amount as dur
ing the storm, of 1801, but thie other
records — the records of wrecked build-,
ings and flooded dwellings— tell an
other story.
Turn where you may throughout the
city and wreckage of some form is In
evidence, varying all the way from^the
wrecking of a splendid seven-story
building to the tearing of awnings and
blowing In of plate glass windows.
Throughout the night the storm"
raged with increasing violence, strik-"
ing terror to the hearts of the timor
ous. Great buildings rocked on their
foundations as blast after blast of 'the
gale struck them; smaller houses in
unprotected localities . rocked like
cradles, and some, unable to- with
stand tho onslaughts of the gale, col
lapsed.
The greatest pieces of individual
damage were the wrecking of the
Sahlein building, and the collapse of
the steeple 'of St.. Paul's Church. The
Sahlein building, is a splendid seven
story brick and steel structure* in ..the
course of erection at , Bush and Polk
streets. The wind so warped and
twisted it that a portion, if not all of it,
must be torn down and rebuilt. - At
about 6 o'clock yesterday, morning one
of the steeples of St. Paul's Church at
Twenty-ninth and Church streets was*
torn from its concrete foundations and
fell to the ground' with a deafening
crash. i* ;i ~-~. ¦"¦-¦
Continued on : Page 3; Column 5;
The earth steps leading up from
the Twenty-eighth Infantry canton
ment to the main post were almost
entirely obliterated by the avalanche
of water that poured over them. The
One hundred men will be put to wr>rk
this morning to restore the camp to
order to receive troops on Monday.
The damage otherwise throughout the
post, while not serious, was general.
A 'great tree fell across the street rail
road track, and for two hours the
cars were prevented from entering the
post.
In the cantonment of the Twenty
eighth Infantry trees and shrubs were
pulled up by the roots. Colonel Pitcher
of the Twenty-eighth said that at onu
period of the. stor:-. he expected at
nny moment to have nis house blown
from its foundations.
Out of this entire upper camp but
two tents are left standing, the others
scattered in all directions. Stoves were
smashed and tossed around the camp
like so much tissue paper. The result
of the fury" of the gale was an abso
lut? and complete wreck. The lower
camp fared somewhat better, as it
was slightly protected by the frame
messhouse. Here, however, several of
the hospital wall tents were torn to
tatters and carried away by the gale,
while a number of the conical tents
were wrenched and twisted beyond
recognition.
The storm of yesterday morning held
full sway at the Presidio, and besides
almost completely demolishing tha
model camp played merry havoc with
trees and fences throughout the post.
It swept with unrestrained fury down
through the old recruiting camp, which
acted like a funne!. It tore past tha
brick quarters of the colored troopers
of the Ninth Cavalry with tremendous
velocity. The greatest damage waa
done to the model camp, the entire
upper half* of which is laid In ruins.
This camp, which had recently been
put Into first-class shape for the re
ception of the Philippine scouts and
the Eleventh Infantry at a cost of
about $3000, presents a sorry spec
tacle. New walks had been built, new
floors constructed and the conical wall
tents put In complete readiness, with
stoves and other appurtenances, for
the troops due on Monday from Ma
nila.
GALE PLAYS HAVOC
WITH MODEL CAMP
AT THE PRESIDIO
PORT ARTHUR, March 10.- — Tlie Japanese fleet appeared off the
harbor at midnight and bombarded the city Intermittently until 9
o'clock tills morning. The Russians replied to the fire of the Japanese
fleet. A gale in the morning compelled the Japanese to withdraw.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 10.— The Czar has received the follow
ing message from Viceroy Alexlcff, dated Mukden. March 10: (
"The commandant of the fortress at Port Arthur" reports that about
1 o'clock tliis rooming the outlines ' of vessels, apparently torpedo
boats, were seen nt sea, within the area swept by our searchlights. Our
batteries opened fire upon these vessels. Our torpedo-boats put out to
pea at 2:40 a. m.. and at about 4 o'clock met the enemy west of the
LJao-tsc-Chin lighthouse. After firing several shots the enemy retired to
the south in the direction of Shandun. Our torpedo-bouts returned to
the harbor at 6 o'clock.
"Later torpedo-boats wero sent to sea to reconnolter. They returned
in a half hour, having learned that an enemy's squadron was approach
ing. _ ¦.
"At 8 o'clock the Japanese opened fir© upon our cruisers and the
fortress. The enemy had fourteen ships and fired the entire time from
behind Iiao-tse-Chin.
"I have the honor to report the above to your Majesty.
"ALEXIEFF."
Special Cablegram. to The. Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, bj
the New York Herald . Publishing Company.
Buildings Are Wrecked, Cellars
Flooded and Shipping
Suffers.
•"With a creaking of timbers, a groan
almost human and a crash, one of the
lofty spires of St. Paul's Church,. now
in the course of construction at the cor
nor of Valley and Church streets, broke
off just above the line of masonry
about 6 o'clock yesterday morning and
fell . across Valley street, a broken,
twisted mass of wood and metal. Twen
ty feet of the steeple, including the
colossal cross and copper work, lodged
in the yard in the rear of the premises
at the northwest corner of Valley and
Church streets, narrowly missing the
building.
. Thomas "Ward occupies the lower por
tion of this building as a grocery and
bar. The upper floor is divided into
living-rooms, and at the time Mrs.
Ward, three minor children and three
roomers were asleep, entirely, oblivious
of* their narrow escape from death.
•In Its downward ' course • the steeple
Just grazed a corner of Ward's building
and the top portion landed in the yard
alongside a kitchen window. Strange to
relate, the window was not broken, and
the only damage done In the store was
the breaking of a bottle of mineral
water, which was jostled off the back
bar. About ten 1 feet of the yard fence
was demolished, but beyond this no
damage was done. .
*.' Ward said he was standing in the
front part of. his store when he heard
a crash. He thought that a shed In the
rear of the place had been blown over,
and ran outside to investigate. . The
street was strewn with wreckage, "and
In the rear yard he found about twenty
;feet of the steeple of St. Paul's Church.
Rev. M. D. Connolly, rector of St.
Paul's Church," said: "Although we
have sustained considerable loss I feel
thankful that no fatalities occurred.
The steeple was one of the tallest and
best constructed in the city, and, as one
well-known contractor who examined
it remarked, 'it had the strength of
Gibraltar.' We did npt anticipate the
storm and. were putting the cross and
metal work in place. Extra heavy scaf
folding had been erected for the work
men, and in order, to allow them to get
to their work it was necessary to loosen
the Iron rods running from the top to
the bottom of the steeple. It is my
opinion that this, coupled with the fact
that the southern exposure of ' the
steeple was open, is responsible for its
collapse: ' The loss will be about $S0O.
and work will be resumed as soon as
possible."
The crash of the falling gplre created
much excitement in the neighborhood,
and many': ran ' from their' homes in
Bcant^attlre. The steeple was 183 feet in
height and . was . surmounted by a six
foot cross. - Upon - investigation it waa
found that no further damage was done
to the* church by the storm.
NEW YORK. March 10. — Two distinct
Ines of inquiry starting- from the Unit
ed States Shipbuilding Corporation scan
dal are developing. The first and most
Imminent Is a criminal prosecution by
District Attorney Jerome. The second
and proepectively immediate is a legis
lative investigation into "high finance."
A special Grand Jury Is about to be
asked for by District Attorney Jerome.
Governor Odell will sanction this re
<juest and an effort will be made to ob
tain the indictment of at least half a
dozen men whose ¦ names became most
widely known in the revelations brought
about In the receivership suit against
the shipbuilding company, besides sev
eral others of even greater prominence
in financial, ecclesiastical, social and
political circles In this city.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fierce Bombardment Follows a Battle
Between Torpedo=Boats Outside
of the Harbor.
Lofty Spire on St. Paul's Church
Is Blown Down by the
Heavy Gale.
Sensations Develop
From Shipbuild
ing Smash
JAPANESE FLEET
RENEWS SHELLING
OF PORT ARTHUR
NOTABLES
ARE TO BE
INDICTED
VOLUME XCV— NO. 102.
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1904.-*
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE - TKBATBB&
// =: £'v?5
Alcazar—." At the Whlto -Korsa
Tavera/]^ !« £,//*»
Califoraia-l"Tha Chief Jairtlce."
Central — "&lp~Vafe>WlBkl«. n •*»•
Columbia — "The SUver*S^ji5*r. >>
Chutes — Vanarville.
Fischer's— "The Boua4ers."
Lyric Hall— Homer Davenport
Lecture.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "The Gypsy Baron."
TEE WEATEEE, V
Forecast made at San Fran
clnco for thirty hoars ending
eriOnigrht, Karch 11:^ y** '
San ZTaacisco asd .ylclaity—
Cloudy, unsettled ¦weather Trl-
C»y, with showers; brisk south
west wfcsds.
A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.Jurors Say Neither Son Nor
Bookkeeper Committed
• Murder-Hearing Re
veals Evidence of .
Hnlri.lln '
BUTTGEN BACH SUSPECTS ARE FREED
AFTER VERDICT OF CORONER'S JURY
The committee agreed with him, but
was averse to using the money out of
the fund named, as it is required for
other purposes. The committee w'lll
interview Auditor Baehr with- a view
toward^ having the money for the ex
tra clerks paid out of the general
fund.
The Supervisors' Finance Commit
tee decided yesterday that it would
not allow Tax Collector Smith the Bum
of $6000 out of, the urgent necessity
fund for the purpose of paying extra
clerks. Smith explained that the ad
ditional work entailed upon his of
fice by reason of the raise in assess
ment valuations by the State Board
of Equalization necessitated the in
creased expenditure, as the regular
appropriation of $30,000 was nearly
exhausted.
Finnncc Committee Will - Endeavor to
Arrange for Necessary Appro- -
. print ion for: ttork.
EXTIIA CLERKS FOR THE
TAX COLLECTOR'S OFFICE
CHICAGO. March 10. -^Differences between
the Brewery Workers' Union and the Chicago-
Milwaukee I5rewcrs' Association have been set
tled. The employers have acceded to the de
mand? cf the union icr an increane in wagec.
Fire caused by a cigarette dropped
by a drunken man broke out in the
Hotel Ellis, 133 Ellis street, last night.
The flames were got under control
before they had gained much headway
and the loss aggregates a pair of imi
tion lace curtains and a hair couch."
Hotel Catches Fire.
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio, March 10.—
This city last night passed its first
peaceful night of the week. While
there was much anxiety during the
night, owing to demonstrations in the
afternoon and evening, there is such a
restoration of confldence to-day that
normal conditions prevail.
Qitict Is Ilostored in Springfield.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Brozno Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money If it falls to cure.
E. \v. Grove's signature Is on each box. 23c *
Chinese Watchmen Appointed.
United States Immigrant Commis
sioner Hart H. North yesterday ap
pointed George A. Smith and Hart
Hawkins (colored) as watchmen for the
Chinese detention shed on the Mall
dock.
The police now say that they have
evidence to disprove the alibi. West
and the woman were accused of at
tempting to rob Xelson Larsen, a ped
dler, in the woman's room on Folsom
street, near Fourth. In December last.
Frank West was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on a charge of as
sault with intent to rob. He is th?
man who was ordered Into custody
by Judge Lawlor on Mondiy night,
after testifying in the case of Annie
Lawlor, convicted of a similar- of
fense. The Judge was not satisfied
that "West had not committed per
jury- AV'est was arrested at the same
time as the woman, but at the pre
liminary hearing he was able to put
forward an . i and was discharged.
West Is Asnln Charged.
discharge them. This was accordingly
done shortly after 3 o'clock. Both the
recent suspects left the prison in com
pany with their counsel, Frank Drury.
and in a most happy mood.
One of the leads followed by the po
lice yesterday without result took them
to the junkshop of E. H. Musin at 239
Fourth street. The story was brought
to headquarters that Musin had sold
young Buttgenbach a revolver on Sat
urday. The merchant and his wife
were taken to the Coroner's office, but
failed to identify Albert Buttgenbach
as their customer of Saturday.
Other settlements made by the Clunie
heirs were also announced yesterday.
In open court the attorneys for the
various litigants gave out that it was
agreeable to all that the court should
consent to a distribution to ''Jack'
Clunie of $30,000 and to Andrew Clunie
of $45,000 and the warehouse property
in Sacramento. The petition of the
executors of Clunie's will for a distribu
tion to them of the property left to
them in truBt for "Jack" Clunie is yet
to be decided. It will be heard in two
weeks' time, and it is expected that
when it does come up for hearing all
opposition to the distribution of Clu
nie's estate will be withdrawn.
An the estate stands now Andrew
Clunie's interest Is valued at $180,000,
the widow's at $450,000 and "Jack" Clu
nie's at ?500.000.
Florence M. Clunie, widow of the late
Congressman Thomas J. Clunie, is
$150,000 richer than she would be had
aht. not decided that she would refuse
to accept the portion of her husband's
estate bequeathed to her In his will
and claim a widow's share, which, ac
cording to law, is one-half the estan,
provided that it is community prop
erty. Her attorneys announced yester
day that she had agreed to accept the
amount named in addition to the prop
erty bequeathed to her in Clunie's will
in full satisfaction of all her claims
against the estate. This sum will be
paid to her out of the residue of the
estate, which, under the will, is be
queathed to Andrew Clunie, brother of
the deceased, and "Jack" Clunie. the
adopted son of the Congressman, share
and share alike. Out of "Jack" Clunie's
share she will receive $115,000 and out
of Andrew's the balance, this being the
proportion agreed upon by all parties
concerned. This gives to the widow
about $450,000 out of her husband's
estate.
Griffith took the sentence calmly. He
will appeal the case to the Supreme
Court.
LOS ANGELES, March 10.— Colonel
Griffith J. Griffith, the Los Angeles
capitalist, who on September 3 last shot
his v.ife in the eye with a revolver at
the Hotel Arcadia, in Santa Monica,
v.as sentenced to-day by Judge *6mith
to two years' imprisonment in San
Quentin and to pay a fine of $5000. The
sentence is the extreme penalty pro
vided for the crime of which he was
convicted. In passing sentence on Grif
fith, Judge Smith read a severe lecture
to the defendant. He characterized the
assault as a most aggravated one and
¦without excuse, adding that he had
made ur> .his mind when the jury left
the courtroom that in case it returned
a verdict of conviction he would inflict
the extreme penalty.
•'A more aggravated case of assault
I have never heard of in an experience
of fourteen years on the bench," said
Judge Smith.
Eelict of Thomas J. Clunie
Gets $150,000 in Addition
to Bequests in His Will
Los Angeles Millionaire Who
Shot His Wife Is Sent to
San Qiientin for Two Years
Clippert's evidence supplied the
missing link needed to secure credence
for the story of the crime given by
young Buttgenbach and corroborated
by Brune — the story of two footpads
who assaulted 'the youth as he was
quitting the meat shop and who later
engaged in a struggle with his father.
The police are not satisfied, however,
that it clears Albert Buttgenbach, from
suspicion of complicity. They will
continue to work on the theory that he
may have been in collusion with the
Albert Buttgenbach and Louis E.
Brune are free men. lAfter being held
by the police since Sunday on sus
picion that they had guilty knowledge
of the murder of Joseph Buttgenbach,
the son and the bookkeeper of the
dead packer were exonerated yester
day morning by the Coroner's jury
and a few hours later Chief WJttman
ordered their discharge from the City
Prison. This probably ends the hope
of discovering the authors of the
crime, as the detectives are without
any promising clews for further work
upon the case. Thus another is added
to the long list of unavenged murders
committed in San Francisco. |
This result of the Coroner's inquest
into the death of the wealthy, presi
dent of the Pacific Packing-house was
foreseen from the beginning of the
hearing on Tuesday, but it became a
certainty when a new witness volun
tarily appeared yesterday. This man,
Benjamin Clippert, told the jury that a
few minutes after the fatal shot was
fired on Saturday night he saw two
men run out of ihe vacant lot between
Shipley and Folsom streets and quick
ly vanish in the direction of Fifth
street.
¦•'. !*W ell," was the reply, '• "I ; did not
want to run'any risks"; and then he
raised a laugh by adding, "I thought
.those fellows might be friends, of Al
-bcrt's waiting for him."
r-v.The other Important witness of the
day was the new character-, in the
"drama, Benjamin E. Clippert, a clerk
for S. J. Haskins in the Mills building.
His testimony weighs either .. for or
against the new police theory that Al
bert Buttgenbach called in footpads to
rob, his father, but it tends .strongly
to discredit , the original claim that Al
bert had shot the packer. Clippert tes
tified as follows: ".;.• * '
It was about 10:20 to 10:30 o'clock. I cannot
say to the dot, because I do not carry a watch.
I was solnp down Fnlsam street to Fifth. I
stopped to see a friend in that block between
jranrih and Fifth street*. When eoin« toward
ThenY came ; the two witnesses who
did-most'to? produce -the jUry's exon
eration of the Buttgenbach boy. The
first was. his uncle, Lorenz Weber, fore-"
man in the factory, who retold how he
was leaving the place by the Shipley
street ,'dqcT at 10 o'clock, when he saw
two men standing down the south side
walk' v of that dark street, thirty feet
frorri-the door. The honest' appearing
German was not to be disbelieved, even
though he contradicted himself later
when Coroner Leland demanded an ex
planation of his failure to investigate
these suspicious characters.'
This theory, sensational as it seems,
Is the only one left the detectives that
Implicates the boy at all. They are
quite willing to admit that their orig
inal hypothesis (that the son shot the
father) fails to fit the evidence
at hand. They are not quite willing,
however, to admit that an entirely in
nocent man could have acted as Albert
Buttgenbach did act, even according to
his own story, on the occasion of the
crime. The young man will be watch
ed. But the murderer of Joseph Butt
genbach, whoever he was, will not be
hanged with a rope of theories, and
the detectives, hard as they have
worked, are still a far cry from the
faots out of which to build a criminal
indictment that will stand the strain
of a jury trial.
The hearing yesterday was largely a
rehash of the familiar story already
told many times by the police and their
few witnesses. Henry Heide, proprie
tor of the saloon adjoining the packing
house, and Frederick Moennich, his
bartender, related the events surround
ing and following the shooting as seen
by them at the saloon. It took Heide
only "eight seconds" to run out of his
place and reach the iron gate stretched
across the open front of the meat shop.
He saw no one within, and to his
shouts of "Louis! Louis!" no response
was made. He was immediately re
called to the saloon by the cries of
M&enhlch for the police. .-.Moennich'e
testimony accounted for these cries by
saying that only a few seconds after
the shooting he heard some one kick
ing Jn the partition at the rear of the
room and ran out into the street at
once to call for help. Pc-lice Sergeant
Greene reached the scene promptly and
arrested young Buttgenbach as he
crawled through the partition/, 'This
testimony, with much of a similar char
acter, tended to show that Albert him
self could not have shot his father and
then in the scuffle heard
by; several witnesses outside the build
ingj : : " ¦
. , ; MEN IX SIDE STREET.
thugs, expecting that his father would
not reslBt a hold-up and that a consid
erable' sum of money might thus be
seized, to be" divided later between the
robbers and hims^Jf. r
SOX STILL SUSPKCTED.
After the verdict was announced a
long conference was held by Chief
Wittman, Captain Martin of the de
tective force and Detective Ryan as to
what should be donerf with Albert Butt
genbach ¦;¦ and Louis Brune.. It was
finally ; announced that the police rec
ognize their lack of evidence on which
to hold the two young men, and would
.We, the Jury, find that Joseph Buttgenbach
came to his death from shock and hemorrhage
due to a cunshot wound, of .the brain at the
hands of party, or parties; unknown. I And w»
further find : that ~ there it no evidence to im
plicate -Albert Buttsenbach and Louis E.
Brune, and we hereby exonerate them from
all blame or eusnlcton. -
Coroner Leland then briefly charged
the jury, taking occasion .in the course
of his remarks to compliment Detective
Ryan very highly on the thoroughness
and love of Impartial justice he had
shown in investigating the case. It
then took 'the jury just fifteen min
utes to return the following verdict:
VERDICT QUICKLY FOUND.
All the police and detectives who
have worked on the case then followed
with their accounts of what they had
seen. The only new point brought out j
was -strongly in favor of young Butt
genbach's hold-up story. Policeman
Krueger told how he had picked up |
Albert's hat from the floor of the shop '
near, the Shipley-street door. The hat
was crushed and dirty, as if it had
been trampled on.
Drs. L. D. Bacigalupi and C. F .Miller
described the results of their examina
tion of the wound and of the
autopsy. The last piece of evi
dence was . the exhibition of the
dead man's watch and' fob. From
the* fob, it was 'stated,, a charm
had been twisted, apparently during
the supposed scuffle between Buttgen
bach and the footpads, and it was
.found hanging by a single strand im
mediately after the shooting. This was
another bit in favor of the hold-up
storv. . • ' *i ¦¦.-¦':
had been a murder,
At the conclusion of Cllpperfs tes
timony he was sent with Detective !
Coleman in search of the woman ha j
had referred to, but they failed to dis- !
cover one who had seen the two men j
running away Saturday night. j
Frank B. Connolly, a grocer, whose ,
shop is just above the packing-house, j
testified to seeing a small man run- j
nlng ud Fourth street immediately af- j
ter the shot rang out. He admitted, j
however, that this "man" was probably j
none other than the well-grown lad,
Stephen j Slavich, who testified on
Tuesday.
NICHOLS TOOJt HIS TIME.
Jean Nichols, who had told the po
lice that he watched the Shipley-street
door of the factory an instant after
the shot was fired, went on the stand
and took, it all back. He had been feed
ing his horse, he said,- in the little
stable across the way when he heard a [
noise. He did not recognize it as a
shot, and went.' on feeding and bed
ding his horse before he looked out
the stable door. It was not until th>_*
next mornins that he learned there
Fourth street, as I was opposite a vacant lot
which runs from Shirley street to Folsom two
men ran cut and passed me. One was short
an<l heavy set and the other tall' and- slim.
They crossed the'strtet. running pretty hard,
and as they did *o I heard a metallic sound,
as If somcthlnK had dropped. I stopped and
looked after them, and thinking It was a piece
of money I looked for . It. The little fellow
stopped, and, «elnc me looking, ran away
th« harder. I watched them until they got to
Fifth street. I think they did not run farther
on Folbom ntre?t. hut turned into Fifth.
There was a lady standing: across the street
at a eate, and without a hat on, who also
eaw the men running. Thinking that she
ought to be h?re to-day I tried to find her last
night. I learned about this through the news
papers, and thinking that these men I saw
might be the robbers I told the policeman on
Fourth street about It last nlitht. He took
my name. I do not know Mr. Buttgenbach or
the bookkeeper.
WIDOW'S CLAIM
COMPROMISED
GRIFFITH MUST
GO TO PRISON
NEW WITNESS IN THE BUTTGENBACH CASE, WHOSE TESTIMONY AT THE CORONER'S INQUEST RE
SULTED IN THE RELEASE OP DEAD MAN'S SON AND BOOKKEEPER BRUNE. AND A DIAGRAM
SHOWING GOURDE OF THE FLIGHT OF MURDERERS. ?
THE SAN FRANGISCO GALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1904.
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
~-™~ ¦••¦:•"
Chas. Keilus & Co.
Exclusive
High-Grade Clothiers
No Branch Stores. No Acents.
THIS EXCLUSIVE SHOP
HAS MEN'S CLOTHES ONLY
THAT IS ALL WE KEEP
AND, THE BEST THAT'S MADE.
NEW FABRICS AND STYLES
ALWAYS SHOWfl HERE FIRST.
SPRING MODELS ALL IN.
Kearny Street
Thurlow Block
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
FRIDAY and
SATURDAY.
CHILD'S HOSE
600 doz. CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK
RIBBED HOSE — High spliced heel
and toe; all sizes; worth 25c a pair
• • SPECIAL 15«
LADIES' HOSIERY.
200 doz. LADIES' FAST BLACK
HOSE— In allover lace effects; lace
fronts and lace ankles; worth 40c a
pair ..SPECIAL 25c
LADIES'GAUZE HOSIERY.
150 doz. LADIES' IMPORTED
HERMSDORF BLACK COBWEB
GAUZE LISLE HOSE — Worth 50d
a pair '.. .SPECIAL 33e
LADIES 1 LACE HOSIERY. ;
100 doz. LADIES' IMPORTED ENG-
LISH LISLE LACE HOSE— Ele-
pant assortment of patterns; worth
75c a pair. SPECIAL 50c
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
GREEN3ERG &GREENBERG
31, 33, 35 and 37 GRANT AYE.,
. ¦ ¦> - , Corner Geary St.
G^EENBERG & GREENBERG.
ARE YOUR KIDNEYS WEAK?
Thousands of Men and Women Have Kid-
ney Trouble and Never Suspect It*
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinary
and bladder troubles were to be traced to the jgjllllrapl '
kidneys, but now modern science proves that J^^^^fer
nearly all diseases have '.heir beginning in zfWF&F&
the disorder of these most important organs. I j|ip||?!
The kidneys filter and purify the blood — fllu^JlIP
Therefore, when your kidneys are weak or i^M^| : i| : f;
out of order, you can understand how quick-
Jv yonr entire body is affected, and how ev- . $;£,•'; '."\
cry organ seciris to fail to do its duty. i^^'c'* \ '
If you arc ?ick or "feel badly." begin taking i! '"^ Sl *^^h b^
the creat kidney remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- -<^^^^^^2^S8^^S*-$^^*V
Root, because .is soon as your" kidneys begin >4^^^^^^M^^^p-^^^m
to jret hetter thev will help ail the other or- fflPHEWMl
pan' to health. A trial will convince any one. W^f^SSBBs^^^^^mm
I cheerfully recommend and indorse tea Great &S&T 1 — ~. n „ ,: r,-f»ii~ \ %Wi
Etmecy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Soot, for kidney Bp9 ¦ * * tll -" ui " s WiSi
trouble and bad liver. Z have used It and derived HagH 0117 1 If T\ TkAAfli 1^
grreat benefit from it. X believe It ha« cored me HHl S W Allir-KlMl I IH
entirely of kidney and liver trouble, from whica |^B Mualul ", UV1 iMl
X suffered terribly. . m$i X>dn8».Ltver&BIa3d8r ||P
Most gratefully yotirB, bI^3 "* CURE IP^
A. S. aeynoldt, Chief of Police, H^3 DiRrc7iov3. Ifi*
Weak z:ii unhealthy kidneys are responsible t£&§& ""f"!, 111 i*. r T * ''•"- W&L
lor many kinds of diseases, and if permitted ct.jjrn 1 i«,.roordiccto«» |M
to continue much siiffering and fatal results £&Q j^m3?™UZ tomfiuS |^
are sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates BJIJ3H " r "*"*' "¦ tb * CMI Kouli ¦ §§| 1
the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, sleep- w|fll ""* — -
less and irritable. Makes you' pass water often ||j|| i^.!^ t r> 'bUJ^f«al*k
< :- :r:nc :!:e day nnd obliges you to pet up !^^ Ac * i'w«»>i»« «"d <i;»-.M.ri- %W%
tnany times during the night. Unhealthy kid- [gag EQ
revs cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the 'PpiS B > r"u : i'Dta«i"^!{k i«"» $M,
bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, joints »?^§ »«itfonn»fiiii»»djjeM€. sfe <
and muscles; make your head ache and back |||| U \l l '^^ o t^' n Pp i
ache; cause indigestion, stomach and liver |||§§ DR. KILMER t CO., | M i
trouble; \'OU cot a sallow, yellow complex- fp||l bixciiamton, k. y. I :f|
ion: make you feel as though you had heart §|||i jSo^ by all Druggists. | 'J|
trouble; you may have plenty of ambition, but |lilila wlu . ! j.« m . J , u . , , m n. _,; I M
no strength; rrct weak, and wa=te away.
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp- Root, the world-famous kidney rem- f^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Pdy. In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the *to*°BWiMWKNinj^^
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kid- (Swamp-Root is pleasant to tak*.>
ne3*s that is known to medical science. T ,
w, *. w» j *\ *- ** y° u are already con-
How to Find Out . : ' . . e „
If there is any doubt in your mind as to VinCcd that Swam P- Root IS
vour condition, take from your urine on ris- what you need, you can pur-
mjr about four ounces, place it in a glass or c }, ase the Tt . au u T fiftv-cent
bottle and let it stand twenty-four hours. If tne re 8 ul " n»ty-cent
on examination it is milky or cloudy, if there an d one-dollar size bottles
is a brick-dust settling, or if small particles a ; t u e drmr stores eve rv-
float about in it. your kidneys are in need of g
immediate attention. where. Don't make any mis-
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is used take, but remember the
:n the leading hospitals, recommended by
physicians in their private practice, and is name t Swamp-Root, Dr. Kil-
taken by doctors themselves who have kid- mer's Swamp-Root, and the
rev ailments, because they recognize in it the , . _.
greatest and most successful remedy for kid- addrcss Bmghamton, N. Y.,
ney, liver and bladder troubles. Y |on every bottle.
EDITORIAL. STOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root In promptly curing even
the most distressing cases of kidney, liver or bladder troubles, that to prove its
wondr rf u! merits you may have a sample bottle and a DOOk of valuable informs
tion. both sent absolutely free by mail. The book contains many of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men in™ women cured ThI
value and success of Swamp-Root are so well known that our are Id-
viped to send for a sample bottle. In sending your address to Dr Kilmer £ cZ
BlnKhamton N Y. be sure to say you read this generous offer in The™ an FrS'- '
r^co Daily Call. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuineness Sf ,
DR. illliMEB'S SWAMP-ROOT.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
EVERYBODY IS TALKING . J*/ Jgm^ \\
ABOUT P. F. NOLAN'S - M^^&r*wBB M
BETIRING SALE. M t
IT IS THE MOST I
- Ever seen in S«n Francisco. The l\
people appreciate the ere at shoe bar- !-j
gains we are giving and the way our [•]
big store has been crowded with tj
pleased customers has been very b
gratifying to us. ri
THIS WEEK I
We will piece on sale some of the best : • I
bargains we have yet offered. £]
1800 Pairs Ladles" Pine Vici Kid Lace 800 Pairs Men's Box Calf and Vlcl M
Shoes— Dull mat kid tops, latest Ki< *, Lac ? l f h ?? ! £r L^ <s ' tyl i V°tL.t tS
i j M.~t* **. j., ¦ good, solid 13.00 Shoe. All sizes i-J
coin toe and patent leather tip; this week S2.OO Pi
light, flexible sewed soles for dress, 900 Pairs Men's 'Fin* Vlcl KiJ and f
or , medium heavy soles, stitched Box Calf Lace Shoes— Latest stylo |
i* - ,, , _ ; , . toe; welted, sewed eoles: stitched fc
edges, for walkfngr. Regular price edK ' e s. Regular price $3.50. All I
$2.50. All sizes this week.. 81. 85 sizes this week S2.5O |
¦ If the above shoes are not exactly as represented return them at our |
expense and get your money back. •<•- '- £
Special prices on Johnston & Murphy's men's fine shoes and Laird, t
Echober & Co.'s ladies' fine footwear. >- f
SHORT LINES on the barxain counter at 50c, 75c and $1.00 a pair. |
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES. I
NOI AN RROS
PHELAN BUILDING 8I28I4MARKBTSTREET I
i IPv c w^°' e stor y °f th~
I KnJ^^^ Oo!dsn State .
I jJ§B8BSjj§H yy\ continental trains, it is )
H isS*^! ? Vw 1 finB equipment is the finest obtain-
Kj faVrau VS^. / ' J/a Me; becauie it runs through
S» ix$&[ I / winter is unknown, orer *
D ittffi 1 f*!]ffl\V?Vi J / Sne which has few grades and
H . ( X *"^^^— ' I 'M | ' December » 5 to April 19, for
H id* \ ***¦*¦ »•. I I Topeka, Kansas Chy and
M iBSa|Vft I " Chicago. Runs thro" El Paao
H *"* ~1 1 . •" *8' lt °f Old Mexico.
I] I * * Tickets, beithi^ and Etcnture at this office, and at
H I Southern Pa«fic ticket offices, lt grms»^ '
I C. A. RUTHERFORD, ¦
I District Passenger Agent, :
H 623 Market St., San Francisco, CaL
P^^i ; THE KERN I
foWKJ INCANDESCENT I
Wi% ssH GAS BURNER I
Vint' M ic k£ *' saves c is nt y P cr cent °f the gas :
*/M $ « Rl\'^ Y^\^Jvv\vi^ kill; there are no chimneys to break; E
W IwiVt 1 '^\\ \VvS^K?S the mantles do ; not blacken; it Rives \
ill rill III ¦iaA^oxV^W alight that is two or three times :
'/' 'IM//I ll'h \ l\v\ YWvV^yvy stronger than other burners.' An ex- ~-
% 'lllwii f S^X^MaN cellent light to read by. =
;^1^^^^^ COMPLETE \
J0zS&%Si^ ): With portable stand, (T*/} zip I
ii lj&j&-li$5Z, slITTEK ST.NEW YORK. March 10.— The fol
lowing Calif ornians have' arrived at
the hotels: •
•San Francisco— -J. A. Graham, at
the Grenoble: M. H. Peck, Mi H.
Watson, at the Netherland; Gr Con
naught, at the Imperial; J. H. Fanin,
at the Hotel Imperial.
Los Angeles — W. B. Mathews, at the
Hoffman. - - --- .„
Calif ornians in New York.
LONDON, March 10.' — Former Co
lonial Secretary Chamberlain is at
present on a trip up the Nile. It is
therefore impossible to accurately
state the condition of his health, but
the last advices from him said he was
in excellent health. The rumors in
the Commons yesterday that he was
suffering from softening of the brain
would appear to be unfounded.
Austen Chamberlain, the Chancel
lor of the Exchequer, authorizes the
statement that there is absolutely no
foundation for the report that 'his
father is mentally afflicted. •
Austen Chamberlain Says There Is No
Foundation for Report Circulated
in the House of Commons.
DENIES THAT HIS FATHER
IS MENTALLY AFFLICTED
Miss Hichborn was noted for her
great beauty and was a Washington
belle. She was a mere , child when
her father, now Admiral Hichborn,
was stationed at Mare Island. .Her
parents earnestly protested against
her marriage to young Blaine on ac
count of his unsavory record, his first
•wife having been divorced from him.
WASHINGTON. March 10.— Mrs.
Martha Hichborn Blaine has separat
ed from James G.. Blaine Jr. She de
clines to say whether divorce proceed
ings will follow..
Former Washington Belle Declines to
Say Whether or Not She Will Com
mence Divorce Proceedings.
MRS. JAMES G. BIiAIXE JR.
LEAVES IIER HUSBAND
As Coroner Leland was going home
on a Haight-street car last evening
the conductor asked him where he
had boarded the car. Leland answered
by telling him that in the capacity of
conductor . he was, supposed to know
without asking him. An argument
ensued and the conductor was rein
forced by the gripman, L. C. Kester,
who struck the Coroner over the left
car, knocking him to the street. Kes
ter was placed under arrest at the
Park police station on a charge of
batten', hut was released on ball.
Has Gripman Arrested.
JACKSON. Miss.. March 10.— Shep ;
o'riftin, a negro, is in jail at Meridian, I
having been taken from certain per- j
Eons in Kemper County, who-, it is
i harged, h"ld him in forced servitude.
This is th<* first substantial charge of
peonage that has come to the attention
of United Slates officials in Mississippi, '¦
.-'Sid it is learned that the neighbor- !
hood where the arrests were made is |
in a state of excitement. |
While tbe tifticials decline to discuss
tho matter; it . is learned from other .
suuncea that the parties charged with j
:h<- offense not only have made threats |
irn.i they would not only kiil the negro
and the deputies who arrested him, but •
v.miid also kill the witnesses against i
Them and burn their property.
It is= further learned from the clerk
of the T'nited States court that Shep
• Iriffin was arrested on a bench war
rant on the application of the District
Attorney, commanding the marshal to
Discovery of a Case of Peon
age in Mississippi Likely
to Cause Some Trouble
The announcement was made yester
day of the appointment of A.- D.
Schindler, superintendent of Valley
division of the Santa. Fe ro'ad, to the
position of manager of the ' California
Northwestern Railway, "to tak£ effect
on April 1. The position has just been
created by President A. "W. Foster, but
whether it will be a permanent one is
yet to be determined. It was stated
yesterday that General Manager H. C.
Whiting of the California Northwestern
will soon retire and that Schindler will
assume his duties. In fact- it is gener
ally understood that Manager Schind
ler's appointment presages a number of
other changes, which have been under
consideration by the directors of the
road for a number of months. General
Manager Whiting has been with the
California Northwestern and its leased
line, the San Francisco and North Pa
cific Railway, for twenty-nine years.
Of late his health has not been of the
best and this fact, it is said, has had
much to do with his contemplated re
tirement from active service in the
near future and the appointment of a
manager for the road.
Manager Schindler has been identified
with the San Joaquin .Valley division
ever since it was built. He was for
merly assistant to Engineer Storey,
who constructed the line, and when the
latter was turned over to the Santa Fe
and Engineer Storey was transferred to
Topeka. Schindler was retained as su
perintendent, with headquarters at
Fresno. As a railroad man he is re
garded very highly by the officials of
the Santa Fe Company, General Man
ager Wells stating last evening that
his road was losing a very competent
man. He is a clever engineer, an inde
fatigable worker, a great disciplinarian
and a man who prides himself on his
methods of organization and "the main
tenance | of the properties that are
placed in his care. He is a graduate of
the State University and widely known
throughout ; California. £jfj
Much speculation was indulged.! In in
local railroad circles yesterday* as to
who would probably succeed to the po
sition of superintendent of the San
Joaquin Valley division of the Santa
Fe, but this question was «ettled last
evening when General Manager Wells
announced that Schindler would be
succeeded by J. W. Walker, at present
superintendent of terminals on the
western system of the Santa Fe, and
that Walker's place would be filled by
J. L. Dunley. now assistant superin
tendent of terminals. Schindler and
Walker are at present In this city and
were In conference yesterday with
other ofilcials of the Santa Fe road.
SPOKANE, Wash.. March 10.— Rev.
R. L. ' Cartwright, pastor of th«
Christian church at Milton, Or.,
fought Otis, Ingle," organist of the
church and president of the Chris
tian Endeavor Society, and got the
better of the fight. Rev. Mr. Cart
wright handed in his resignation, to
the board of elders a short time before
the mixup. Not daunted by a large
scantlfng" wielded by the stout young
Christian Endeavorer, the pastor
smote his antagonist with a rock,
closed in on him and as the layman
fell to the ground held him in a vise
like grasp and struck him, after which
Dr. Ditterbrandt rushed from his
home and separated them.
At the termination of the combat
Rev. Mr. Cartwright walked to City
Recorder Tolen's office and voluntarily
paid a $5 fine. Ingle, however, swore
out an assault and battery warrant
and the minister had* to go before
Justice of" th*e Peace John Miller, who
fined him $10 and costs. This proba
abiy closes the incident in a legal way.
but the breach in the Christian church
is yet to be healed. :
Bad feelings have existed for more
than two. months between Ingle and
his pastor.. Ingle is a harness-maker.
The trouble arose over the preacher
remonstrating with the harness-maker
as to his conduct. In a moment Ingle
practically called the minister a liar.
Pulling up a small stick out of the
ground Rev. Mr. Cartwright made for
him. Ingle backed away and picked
Special Dispatch to The Qall,
ENRAGED MEN
MAKE THREATS
Superintendent Schindler of
the Santa Fe to Go With
California Northwestern
Minister Smotes His Antag
onist With a Bock and Is
Fined by Justice of Peace
WILL MANAGE
FOSTER'S ROAD
PASTOR FIGHTS
THE ORGANIST
take Griffin and hold him as a witness
before the Federal Grand Jury next
Monday.
Reputable white citizens of Kemper
County brought this case to the atten
tion of the marshal, asserting to him
that the negro had been stripped and
whipped for leaving the premises of
those who held him. So severe was
the beating that his clothing stuck for
several days to the gashes made by
the lash. On his second escape it is
alleged that he fled into Nessobald
County, where he was recaptured; pis
tols were drawn on him, a rope' was
placed around his neck and fastened
to the saddle of one of his captors and
he was dragged and driven into Kem
per County.
According to a Tientsin correspond
ent of the Standard the Russians are
withdrawing all their superfluous
troops from Port Arthur to Harbin
and Kirin because of the shortness of
provisions and because it is doubtful
whether they would be able to hold
either Port Arthur or Newchwang
against a resolute attack.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph says that the Rus
sians are now moving northward in
Korea, with the intention of making
"Wiju their defensive base.
A correspondent of the Daily Tele
graph, who was In Japan recently,
wires from Seoul that the Japanese are
making steady progress with their
land movements.
The Xagasaki correspondent of the
Daily Express asserts that 200,000
troops have been shipped from Japan,
and that a portion of the Second Army
Corps Is now on lta way to Korea.
The Tokio correspondent of the Daily
Chronicle, evidently referring to the
same movements, cables that the
transportation to Northern Korea of
three divisions of Japanese troops has
been completed and that these men
are beginning to advance, while ten
divisions of the Second Army Corps
have already been mobilized.
LONDON, March 11.— Neither the
official nor the independent dispatches
published this morning add much
knowledge to the progress o£ the war.
Speculation regarding the military
situation on the Yalu River is most
keen, but no news of a reliable char
acter has been received.
Advance of Mikado's
Troops Proceeds
Satisfactorily.
JAPAN HAS TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND MEN ON MAINLAND
AND A PORTION OF SECOND ARMY CORPS IS BEING SENT
SUMMARY OF THE WAR NEWS
ToUowingr a scrtie by Russian torpedo-boats asrainst Admiral Tosro's
fleet at Port Arthur, the latter reaewed the bombardment of the city
And the Hussion warships in the harbor yesterday morninff. The B«<
slan forts replied to the lire. What damage was done to either side is
not known. It Is announced from Chefu that two Russian torpedo
boats that put out of the harbor on the morningr of March 7 have not
returned, and it is believed that they were captured or destroyed by the
Japanese.
Vladivostok reports all auiet, the Japanese sauadron not having put in
a reappearance. Tokio has received a report from Vice Admiral Xami
mura, who. instead of Rear Admiral ¦Driu. is^in command of the Japan
ese ships. Kamlmura is of the belief that the Russian squadron is still
in the harbor cf Vladivostok, he having- failed to find any trace of it on
the sea. This indicate 1 * the failure of the coup attempted toy the Japan
ese, who had hoped to catch the feumian ships outside of tho harbor and
force them to srive battle. ¦
Only meaarer details of land operations have been received within- the
Cast twenty-four hours. More Japanese tran«Dort« were seen proceeding*
toward the Gulf of Llaotunsr, and 07idently a law force is bein* landed.
President Boosevelt has proaaljrated an executive order adding to
the strictness of American neutrality. Officials and employe* of the
Government must refrain from word or /act that could «rive offense, to
either of the belligerents. . f .—¦"-:. .
The belief i» sreneral among 1 Btusian miUtary men that war with
Great Britain will be the natural ¦wxence'of the present ¦trnmrle in th*
Par Eart, and Buwian energy ii directed toward preparation for the
threatened clash. .
Japanese Fleet Re
news Shelling of
Port Arthur.
Continued From Page 1, Column" 3.
Colonel N. S. Bangham, assistant ad
jutant general of the State, is at the
Grand. ' w
Charles Rollo Peters, the well known
artist, is up from Santa Cruz and reg
istered at the Occidental.
J. W. Kendrick, third vice president
of the Santa Fe road, arrived from Los
Angeles yesterday and is at the Palace.
E. O. McCormick, passenger traffic
Jay W. Adams, Pacific Coast agent
of the Nickel Plate line, is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. George M. ' Bradfield, surgeon of
the steamship Mariposa, is at the Occi
dental.
Banker George S. Nixon of Winne
mucca is at the Palace.
¦ Prison Director Don Ray and wife
of Gait are at the Lick.
- J. J. Mahoney, a railroad contractor
of Omaha, is at tho Lick.
Dr. W. H. Sherman and wife of
Fresno are registered at the. Lick.
Raleigh Barcar, an attorney and
newspaper man of Vacaville, is at the
Lick. »
PERSONA!;.
up . a scantling six - feet ling,
brandishing it ominously. Picking up
a rock the' pastor hurled it at his an
tagonist,-striking him on the shoulder
blade. Ingle backed into a hole,
stumbled and dropped the scantling.
In a moment the pastor was upon him.
Ingle cried vigorously for help, which
came from a nearby physician.
' TIENTSIN, March 10.— About a dozen
big suns are now in. the. Newchwang
fort and two new batteries are expect
ed on Friday. General Contrajisvich
will assume command at Newchwang
to-morrow, bringing fresh troops.
. Refugees from Port Arthur say that
Admiral Makaroff has ordered the Ret
vizan towed into the harbor and that
this order, has been successfully exe
cuted.
; SEOUL, Wednesday, March 9.—Win
ter is relaxing its -grip on Pingyang
and the Talu; River, but a fortnight
must yet elapse before spring begins
; in earnest. -Meanwhile' the Japanese
are making steady progress In their
movements on land and. the roads are
occupied by their troops.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 10.—Gen
eral*' Kuropatkin's departure is to be.
made the occasion of . a grand public
demonstration. Instead of leaving
quietly, as he* had intended, he will
have a special train to himself, start
ing at 6 o'clock. ¦
PARIS. March 10.— It Is officially con
flrmed that the Russian. Minister in
Peking has made firm representations
to the Chinese Government concerning
the activity of Chinese troops -along the
Manchurian frontier, with a pointed
intimation as to the defensive measures
Russia "may be compelled to adopt.
¦ . ¦ — ?— — '
War Nerrs Continued on Page
INCENDIARIES
BURN HOUSES
Six Los Angeles Buildings
Destroyed or Damaged in
the Early -Morning Hours
manager of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, Jeft yesterday for New Orleans.
Archibald Douglass, vice president of
the Equitable Savings Bank and presi
dent of the Los Angeles Stoneware and
Pipe Company, Is registered at the
Palace.
John A. Davidson of Chicago, who
has the Government contract for do
ing the marble work in the. new post
office, arrived from the East yesterday
and Is staying at the Palace.
G. F. Detrick, general manager of
the Nippon-California Tour Company,
arrived here yesterday from the East
for the purpose of arranging for the
reception of several trainloads of
Knights Templar who will attend th*e
coming conclave.
A New York life insurance mompany
holds $8,000,000 worth of Russia's rail
way securities.
HQNOLULU, March 10. — Henry
Papea, - an employe of the Hawaiian
Trust Company, has disappeared. He
is now charged with the embezzle
ment of $4500 in money and negotia
ble bonds.
S It is believed that he sailed either
on the steamer Siberia for San Fran
cisco or on the China for Yokohama.
The police have cabled to both points
to intercept him. Before j his disap
pearance ' Papea confessed to the em
bezzlement of $100.
Henry Papea, nn. Employe of the Ha
waiian Trust Company, Is Said
to Be an Embezzler.
CLERK DISAPPEARS
WITH MONEY AND BONDS
LOS ANGELES, March 10.— Three
fires in this city shortly before daylight
this morning, an supposed to be of in
cendiary origin, destroyed or damageJ
six -buildings and caused a loss of be
tween $."0,000 and $40,000. All of the
fires were within a radius of fifteen
blocks, and it was only by desperate
efforts on the part of the firemen that
a greater conflagration was prevented.
At the first fire, in the Olive-street
stables, at 62S Olive street, thirty-two
head of horses were burned 'to death.
The flames spread from the barn to an
adjoining lodging-house and for a time
imperiled the lives of the inmates.
-The second fire was in the Kratz Mill
and Storage Company, at 509 San Pedro
street, completely destroying this and
an adjoining dwelling.
The third fire destroyed the African
Methodist Episcopal Church, on Azusa
street, entailing a loss of $2000.
There is $300,000,000 of English
money invested in submarine cables.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALi;, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1904:
3
It pa3rs to do business gener-
ously. The proof: Schilling's
Best. Full-strength and pure,
and the prices only enough tq
pay for the quality.
Monevback.
Dor. « ..r.d < penny
Jum »*.i -.ill jou *e« «hat I on do.
l.:< <;ir t»k« she risk Let nr pto-. e up tint «h»t Dr.
»hon,, s P.es:«at!ve c«n do. The Kestorativeinill nit
«">"¦ ¦ !>r»Tn.»hip, v«H>r«3dor»eji><riil. if youtestit. Kora
»tjo!e r.or^i you r«n u«e !t without tfce slightest risk.
1 «nu ttS ton of * dnit£>5» near you vrho will fumiib
*i« bou ; »» c! Vi Stoop's. Kntoratiite a month on trial.
I »:ii^iiioiviFly »:aud*l! s!i* co&i if it W\\t. If you
«*J. 1: did rot bfliimt," that f nds it a> far is cost to
>ounct.i:r«?rned l)o you cndtiitand me? I am tell-
«n« «**pUalT.a» cicart* at* I c*n. I want yoa to
ktw»« Jitnututeiv ""1 vti:l>otit dcHiN flwt tliis otSCT H
notft on boon i K»ve t!« pmcHniion that cure*.
My injy pu..b.*m is tccowvincr you tiot I>r. Slioop'a
ltmnri:iv mili cuir— it ait r.u'cor.inum rrmedr. \'
coninvu. tenircy v<xiM not &Uik1 a UM l;kt tiiu. It
*fniid taoktuft the piivM'.un trukint llicojlej. • And
I am n,cTftonn «v^r>-.vi.ert and iKre is tite secret cf
my hkctv I lound mvar»t>iy t'lit where tliere «nf a
wruknerA. ihe msirif ixrrves wtn weak. Where ti.rr*
-•»»*'•» I <•! .••.«lt>. .!,. trial nerves hcked powrr.
" '" " "'-• ofv^ns »er« tc.iuid. I jWyt found weak
"""» N»< i!.» neivt-j comnviiiiy thought of bat the
v kjI ».rr»>.-.' nerve*. I lie ,,,> ; d L — the invisible nene*.
Ti'i* "" J "**Uti.m n^r mritJi began.
intft 1 .omlnnrd mcrrd-eiiis t!iat ««ukl strenrthen.
tlwt te..j.H inulur. i!i»«- nerves 'that prescription I
«licd j nritoT..tne It ts knowr> tlie world over bow
U I ». Sfaur«'> UwMatiKe. '1'huusjndf are aaeptii«
nivofl-i 4141 ouiyon* meacH torty «tites me that my
TT.aecy Uiled |aatfhBth«f it. tg out cf <e«et »cU
*n<l thest *.t r!;fhci;lt c-«*. too. And the fortieth has
notliti* to p»y 1 l-ai a a record I am proud of. It
is «ro«« Iu tu r *<cV »¦!,«„ ,, dianc- like llui b oj)eii.
If «-lt voj s!,ouW tell other* wlro are. tick, ofurofter.
lion i let a sick friend suy t.xk because he knows not
«.fn,ynt<« Tellium Get my book tor him. Do
ioui«iur> You nay t* »irkyourself. sometime. Sick
peop.e need help 1 itey apprecale sjttipathy and aid.
I ell m* ot >.oii.e Mcktfieiirt. l^t mf cure him. Then
j n^J"* « r »"«" d «-«" botli of us. Your re-
Im> '.km d b* Gratitude. Setod for the book now.
beck j ou w«.ct and Bock .*> on the Kidney*,
eddresi Dr. Ehocp. Book * C or Wora « a v,
bcx S6J0. R*eln«. f, e aled).
¦Wi*. . Seek <5 on Rh««viraat!Btn
M'.ia eases, not chronic, are often cur»d
m-lth ont or two bottJ»«. At drupeists".
Get My Book, if Sick.
Don't bend a Penny.
PRAGERS.
DB. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
ip AIWSYS RELIABLE
A : i238- 1250 3MARKETSIA
This is your lucky day.
There will be
Something Doing
at Pragers.
Don't
Miss It.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Genuine Original
"Buster Brown" Suit
("Buster Brown" label in ea~ch suit.)
For Al! the Little Fellows
in San Francisco
V* I 1 1 ¦? vAI r* Al
RQQS BROS,
KEA RNY AT POST
J ust a Word to Mothers of Boys
• • If we can induce you to make your first .-••"rtl^^k^^.^w:-.
/?£22SiBbm»^ purchase of us, thereafter you will trade here , ••'J.V#iM^^^^^i?*J>'^
' as " naturaI consequence. ' /0^^^^0^^^.
. As we make our own goods we can save ' l00M§ff^^^^^^^^M^h
«^S^sliw^£^^8^^ vou money, because you buy direct from the M^I^M'^^^^^aSl^K^^^^^^^i
1 makers. The clothes cost you less and wear
g^V. -^j "\ longer than if you purchased elsewhere. ''^^^^SWBmmK^^^
Us ML Anything bought here can be altered, ex- >^w^!!e*^**^f
.^^^ftJ^^^^J^V ' E\^en if the garments have been worn and
i PS^V>^ are unsatisfactory, you can return them to us -^^^S^^i^^^'^
W^^^^^'^1^^^>%^ctM- and' we will buy them back. We always want
I^^^^^^^^^f^^^^' tne customer *° S et tne best of the bargain. : 3^^^^^
Sailor suits,' like the picture on the left, •¦ : &^^^^-^'^^M':
F^lfflB^' 1 ' \ WM j&jffil, made of double twisted blue serge, which will fjg^&iSS^^^?^^
W&ShSl* '*''''''' - wcar aiul llolcl color ' Kacl1 smt neatl >' trim YjX 1^
J -'l'^&y '$'&$$^ med. Ages 3 to 12 years. You would gladly Valbap •¦*»_ ' „. ...... '. :;r:#f&tS*$f$
. ._;-;. small shapes; also the new >sorfolk cap at 45c.
¦-;•¦! •¦ f ¦ • \. ¦ , ": , - . /
Mail orders filled for. any £^ XI • lA/fi fl !T"i J? aS\* In ordering by vlclU please
of these goods. ?Y *^ "" M Sj> tjJ address
;. .^^.^-!^y/;.>,!.^. 740 Market Street - Department L.The following arc the seasonal rainfalls to date, as compared with those of same date last season,
and rainfall in last twenty-four hours: ?«
Stations. Last 21 Hours. This Season. Last Season.
Eureka ....:... ..Missing. Missing i' 43.84 £*j£
Red Bluff . ./. . . . . . ; . . . .3.10 24.66 * 10.21
Sacramento . .1.12 r^C JL02 12.2S
San Francisco f .. 1.29 1 1.00 12.81 %
Fresno .V.'..' .1.. ........10 4.40 * G.33
Independence ......".. t ....... .Missing Missing:. 1.82
San Luis Obispo Missing Missing. 12.43 -
Ix,s Angeles. V. .30 3.58 9.97
San Diego ............. ./. .f. .......;_....... Trace. , 1.93 9.72
RECORD OF RAINFALL AT VARIOUS POINTS IN CALIFORNIA
Rainfall in San Luis Obispo.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. March 10.— The
rainfall during last night and to-day
amounted to 1% inches. No damage
was done by the storm.
In. the Western Addition, where the
houses were unprotected from the fierce
winds that blew in from the ocean,
great damage was done, and In several,
instances residences that .were not yet
completed were torn to the ground.
.On California street, west of Central
avenue, three houses- of _cheap f ram-:
work were tumbled Into huge lumber
piles, while several others were twisted
BAKERSFIELD, March 10. — After
a terrific wind and sand storm, rain
again^ commenced falling at 3 p. m.
and. continued for three hours. To
night it is cloudy and another down
pour is expected.
Downpour at Bnkcrsfield.
raging Wind razes
BUILDINGS IN THE
WESTERN ADDITION
The southeaster which broke over the
harbor Wednesday night and ripped
and roared in fierce blasts of anger
until late yesterday morning made
playthings of big ships, wrecks of
wharves and loaded the outgoing tide
with flotsam that collected and piled
would have overtopped Mount Tamal
pais.
A number of small vessels foundered,
some were driven ashore. With these
exceptions the damage, although gen
eral, was not particularly serious. Few
vessels that were in the harbor, either
at anchor or moored alongside the
wharves, but show some bruises. In
some cases plates will have to be re-
placed. Ship carpenters and riggera
will be busy for many days and the
Harbor Commission repair department
has ahead of it a huge task of patch
ing.
From Meiggs wharf to Hunters Point
the storm's track could be traced by
broken wharves and damaged vessels.
Bits of scow schooners and barges, rail
road ties and scraps of crushed boats
dotted the waters of the harbor and
industrious beachcombers reaped a
rich harvest of firewood.
A summary of the damage done to
shipping reads like a report from Port
Arthur after a Japanese business call.
The navy training schooner Ernest
was torn from her anchorage off Yerba
Buena and driven high and dry on the
beach. She was damaged considerably
and will cost Uncle Sam a pretty pen
ny, considering her diminutive propor
tions, to put into shipshape again.
The ship Eclipse, at Greenwich street
wharf, carried away her moorings and
drifted on the bark Edward May, car
rying away the latter's martingale and
cathead. The Eclipse had her wheel
house carried away and sustained other
damage.
The steamer Berkeley, leaving Oak
land at 6 a. m., had her coal gangway
doors stove in, but temporary repairs
were made and the boat continued on
her trips. The steamer Oakland, while
making her trip from this side of
the bay, had one of her life boats lift
ed out of its davits by high seas, which
carried it away, and the force of the
wind blew in her two main sliding
doors and broke several windows on
her storm side. The steamer Transit
also had her share of trouble, for a
schooner drifted down into the out
part of her berth and pinned the big
carrier firmly into her dock.
On the Key route the yellow paint
ed boats persisted in voyaging across
the bay and they, had a merry time in
LIVERMORE, March 10.— One of the
worst storms that Livermore Valley
has ever experienced broke at 1 o'clock
this morning. At times the wind- blew
at the rate of seventy miles an hour.
In all directions buildings have been
blown down. Wires are down every
where.
Anspacher Bros.' grain warehouse
No. 3 collapsed at 7 o'clock this morn
ing and 10.000 sacks of barley were ex
posed to the drenching rain. Most of
the grain will be a total loss. A large
crew of men was put at work to move
the barley, but little progress was made
owing to the storm. The loss will be
$15,000 at least. '¦ ;
Peter McKearny's barn on K street
was destroyed this morning. The barns
on the May ranch were blown dowa
and several horses, we're killed. Th«=
wind was highest at daylight. Then
it eased off and a torrent of rain 'fell
for several hours, during which John
Callaghan'8 residence was unroofed.
Roads into the hills are all blockaded.
Communicayon is cut off.
GRAIN WAREHOUSE
AT LI VERM ORE IS
TOTALLY DESTROYED
The storm while in its fury, during j
the early morning hours wrought havoc J
along the various lines of railroads i
throughout the State and for a num- ]
ber c-f hours there was almost an ab- j
solute cessation of operations. To make ,
the predicament of the transportation j
companies more aggravating, their tele- i
graph lines were blown down and the j
only means of getting information as I
to the exact amount of damage and
providing necessary means for repair
ing the injuries sustained was de
stroyed.
For several hours during the morn
ing the Southern Pacific Company's
only telegraphic communication was
between its uptown offices and those
at Third and Townsend streets and the
Oakland mole* The local officials of
the Santa Fe Company were meanwhile
experiencing similar obstacles. Final
ly, in the afternoon, after much hard
work on the part of repairers the com
panies began to get reports that
promptly suggested to them that it
will be several days before the operat
ing systems will .be again in proper
order.
From every, quarter came news of
washouts, landslides and caves that de
layed trains leaving and due in this
city. It was reported by Chief Clerk
Montgomery of Manager Agler's offices
that while the Southern Pacific Com
pany had much to contend with in the
way of storm accidents, none of them
were of a very serious nature and
would be repaired as fast as they could
be reported and men sent to the scene.
All trains were late, but the company
was endeavoring to move them as fast
as possible.
Even the company's service between
this city and Oakland and Alameda
was badly demoralized and could only
be operated irregularly until late in the
afternoon. At 6 o'clock In the morn-
Ing it was found that it would be im
possible to run trains over the Ala
meda line owing to the fact that a
temporary building had blown down
and obstructed the roadway. Through
traffic over this line from San Jose
and Santa Cruz was finally effected by
way of Alameda Point.
On the California Northwestern Rail
way system landslides were reported
along every branch of the road and
these, with the rising waters, delayed
traffic. The train from Santa Rosa, due
at Tiburon at 8:45, did not reach the
latter point until 1:45, and then
the belated passengers suffered
further. delay owing to the
fire aboard the steamer Dona
hue, which necessitated her putting
back. A report was issued from the f
company's office last evening, however,
that the blockades had been raised and
that the entire road would be in good
shape for business this morning.
Landslides were also numerous along
the North Shore road, but they were
trivial in character and the majority
cf the company's trains ran on pretty
good time. The roughness of the bay,
however, prompted the company to tie
up its boats during the early part of
the day, which was regarded by many
as a wise move.
was beached at Fifth avenue South and
L street In running ashore it struck
the piling supporting a structure In
which were housed thirty-five hogs
owned by J. Lapierre. The porkers were
precipitated on the scow, washed over
board and drowned.
A portion of the fence of the Haight
Primary School was blown down. The
roofs of the Bernal and Hawthorne
schools were damaged by the 'wind/ The
basements of the Noe Valley and the
Sherman schools were flooded. The
fence around the Everett School was
wrecked. A large willow tree was up
rooted at Twenty-second and Mission
streets. The sidewalk in front of Cos
ble's harness shop, at 2024 ' Folsom
street, was washed away. A fence op
posite Woodward's Pavilion and 200
feet of fence on Market street, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth, also toppled
over.. Electric poles at Twenty-ninth,
Twenty-first and Twenty-fifth and Cas
tro streets are down. Seventy-five feet
of fence on Alission street near Twenty
second, thirty feet of awning at 3331
Mission street and an awning at 8
Twenty-ninth street gave way before
the wind. | *
The belle of ancient India wore her
hair tied by a jeweled band two or three
inches back of her head and then braid
ed Into an enormous ball two-thirds the
size of her head.
No lives were lost In the western
part of the city, where the force of the
wind was the greatest,* as fortunately
the buildings destroyed were unoccu
pied. *(g«
and wrenched so badly that it will be
necessary to have them torn down com
pletely.
The artistic hall in the Japanese tea
gardens, recently the Olympic Club's
athletic grounds, is no more, and alj
that remains of the once quaint archi
tecture is a mass of logs and boards.
While the buildings along the beach
in the vicinity of the Cliff House did
not suffer material damage many
fences were torn down and the tele
phone wires and poles rendered useless.
The ship Oliv^bank, at the Risdon
Iron Works, tore out her chocks and
carried away her moorings. She was
badly damaged by being jammed
against the piles. The revenue cutter
Thetis, also at the Risdon, was badly
chafed, and , the new army steamer
General Mifflin was very roughly han
dled, sustaining damage estimated at
more than $5000.
The tug- Frolic, at Schultz's ways,
near Hunters Point, carried away he.
moorings and drifted ashore, a totnl
wreck. The barkentine Coronado broke
away from Pacific-street wharf and
rammed a hole In the Broadway shed.
The Coronado damaged one bow plate
and lost her bob stay. •
' The Slxteenth-stree^ drydock was
damaged "and the following vessels
dragged anchors and sustained more
or less injury: Bark Hesper, schooner
Glendale, steamer Mandalay. steamers
Corona and Asuncion, steamer Shasta,
British ship Marathon, steamer Navar
ro, ship Alex Gibson, schooners Par
kersburg and Catalina, bark Hecla.
steamer Westport and schooner John
Lambert.
One of Gray Brothers' rock barges
capsized on Mission Flats and a barge
with donkey engine on board, belong
ing to Eschen & Minor, was crushed
between the ships Drumcraig and
Loch Trool, and sank*.
The British ship Madagascar parted
her lines and drifted across Filbert
street wharf. The barge Santa Rita
wrecked her pilot house against the
Fremont-street bulkhead and sank
alongside the wharf.
accomplishing their tasks, for the
heavy seas buffeted them about like
gas balls and sent them far out of
their regular courses.
The steamer South Coast did con
siderable damage to Mission street
wharf. The scow schooner J. J. Stof
fen at the Second street slip had her
bows and stern on the port side badly
stove in and sails and rigging blown
away. * v
Southeaster Makes Playthings of Big Ships and Strews Han
bor Waters With All Sorts of Wreckage.
SNAPSHOT PHOTOGRAPHS OF THREE VESSELS WHICH WERE DRIVEN ASHORE AT DIFFERENT POINTS
ALONG THE WATERFRONT AND IN THE BAY DURING THE FIERCE GALE THAT RAGED IN THIS
VICINITY YESTERDAY MORNING. , \
Trips were made by the ferry boats
under great difficulty. So high was the
sea that the lower decks of the Oak
land and the Berkeley were flooded.
On the first trip of the Oakland the
forward lifeboat ¦was torn from the
davits and the forward doors smashed
by a heavy roller that swept aboard
during the steamer's plunging.
In Oakland harbor a lively sea was
kicked up. Many ships and other
craft went adrift, doing more or less
damage.
Throughout the cities trees were up
rooted, fences and signs, awnings and
small structures were mowed down.
The Street Department was flooded
with reports of clogged sewers" and
overflowed streets. No breaks oc
curred that caused serious damage.
The storm played havoc with the
telephone lines in Oakland. Manager
Eugene J. Ellis said 2000 instruments
were put out of commission. The cable
crossing lines over Yerba Buena Isl
and were laid low, but the cable did
not part. ( The company put a large
force of men at work on repair's, and
many boxes were In commission again
by nightfall.
Street car service . was interfered
with by a temporary cutting off of cur
rent from the Bay Counties lines from
Yuba County.
The rainfall for the storm, up to 1
o'clock this afternoon, was 2.42 Inches,
making a seasonal total of 22.19 inches,
as against 17.95 the corresponding date
last year.
Along the water front the storm was
felt most severely. On the south side
of the ' broad-gauge mole the waves
washed out a long section of the fill.
Superintendent W. S. Palmer sent a
large train loaded with sacked gravel
i lo stop breaks.
At Long wharf the schooner Alice
Cook and the French bark Noluer were
badly danru.-ed in a collision.
The Simpson Lumber Company's
four-masted schooner Louis broke
from her moorings in East . Oakland
basin, drifted down on the dredgeV
Uncle Sam. carrying away a lot of
pipe line. Then the vessel smashed
into the Pacific Coast Company's coal
bunkers at Adams wharf, doing $503
damage to them.'
The British ships moored in East
Oakland basin were tangled up by
the gale, but no heavy damage was
The waves ran so high at the narrow
gauge pier that the regular boat trips
were abandoned until 2 o'clock this
afternoon.
On the broad-gauge mole a large con
struction gang was kept at work to
prevent the washing out of the rip-rap
work on the mole. ,
OAKLAND, March 10.— With a wind
storm that at some localities in Ala
meda County reached a velocity of
seventy miles an hour, rain accom
paniment being as comparatively
heavy, >the gale that broke over the
State last night worked a full measure
of damage along the east shores of San
Francisco Bay and left Its mark
throughout Alameda County. Oakland,
Alameda and Berkeley were given a
lively shaking up and reports from
down country points note heavy dam
age by wind and rain.
The Llvermore Valley was hard hit
and losses are serious from the gale
that wrecked houses, barns and other
structures, including one large ware
house, . exposing thousands of sacks of
grain to the driving downpour of rain.
The storm wrecked telephone and tele
graph communication In all directions.
At the Southern Pacific Company's di
vision headquarters it was announced
that reports could not be obtained of
damage done along the railroad oi> that
account. Local train and ferry service
were seriously interrupted during the
morning. Trains and boats were run
on irregular schedules. The "Key"
route ferry was caught by flooding of
the tra*cks In the "subway at the foot
of Yerba Buena avenue. A washout
on the line into Berkeley caused a stop
page of traffic for several hours. Oa
the Southern Pacific narrow-gauge a
washout and flooded tracks along tha
Alameda marshes and the mole fill
blocked travel. So stiff was the wind
that a train of passenger cars was
blown off the tracks this morning at
the narrow-gauge pier, the train having
been made up to go to San Jose and
Santa Cruz.
Cities Across the
Bay Suffer Se*
oerely.
Trains Are Delayed
on All Lines by
Storm.
done. The schooner Lev! Burgess went
adrift In the harbor and did not hold
until the middle of the channel was
reached. The schooner Himalaya went
adrift.
The British ships Drumcraig and
Lochpool were damaged.
The coal hulks Oriole and Carbon
broke adrift from their moorings and
were swept on to the flats at the foot
of Grove street.
The roof of the Pacific Shade Com
pany's building, Adeline, near Third.
was ripped over. The fences around
Governor George C. Pardee's residence
at Eleventh and Castro streets were
blown down.
Temescal Creek overflowed and
smashed a big bulkhead at Fifty
third street and Park avenue. Large
plate glass windows In the Lace
House, Twellfth and Washington
streets, were smashed. Heavy metal
signs on the roof of the Albany Ho
tel were laid low. The overflow of
storm waters on Telegraph avenue.
San Pablo avenue. Fourth avenue and
in the Twenty-third avenue district
was very heavy.
The front of Austin's furniture store.
Twenty-third street and San Pablo
avenue, was blown down.
M. Williams, night repairer in the
Southern Pacific Company's electrical
department, rescued a man from
drowning at Oakland pier at 2 o'clock
this morning. Williams and a switch
man heard cries for help. They found
the man clinging to piles and strug
gling to gave himself. He was drag
ged to the ,top of the dock with ropes.
The rescued man said his name was
Treat, but gave the railroad men no
further Information about himself.
BERKELEY FLOODED.
Storm Waters Clot and Cause Con
siderable Losses to Shopkeepers.
BERKELEY, March 10.—Overbur
dened gutters, flooded cellars, uprooted
trees and delayed travel In all direc
tions marked the effects of the storm
In Berkeley. Travel was inconvenienced
on both the ferry and street car lines.
Key Route passengers suffered th«
greatest inconvenience, as there were
no trains for four hours this morning.
This delay was caused by the filling of.
the subway at Emeryville and the over
flowing of the tracks between Lorin
and San Pablo stations. The 7:40
o'clock train from San Francisco was
stalled at the tunnel and did not arrive
at Berkeley station until four hours
later, traffic having been entirely sus
pended. All this time the pumps were
sucking the water out of the subway
as fast as steam could make them, and
a gang of men were doing their best to
drain the tracks of the foot of water
that covered them.
On the Southern Pacific the 8:30
Continued on Pace 5, Column 5.
Folsom and Shotwell streets from
Fourteenth to Eighteenth streets were
Impassable rivers and the residents in
the vicinity suffered considerable dam
age. At the corner of Sixteenth and
Folsom streets C. Rassmussen con
ducts a saloon and resides in the rear
with his family. The water and mud
flooded his establishment and home
end yesterday afternoon he was busily
engaged in cleaning the parlor car
pet with a hose. Rassmussen Is bit
ter against the authorities for what
he terms their negligence In not clean-
Ing the sewers.
Passengers tvere unable to alight
from the cars in this section and had
to ride for many blocks beyond their
destination. When the flood Tras at
Us height Patrolman W. P. Dalton at
tracted considerable attention by car
rying two elderly ladies across Fol
som street.
The basement of the grocery store
conducted by Herman Kleen at Six
teenth and Folsom streets was flood
ed to a depth of ten feet and at one
time the water threatened to under
mine the supports of the building.
On the west line of Folsom street
rear Seventeenth are four dwelling
houses about two feet below the offi
cial grade. The water poured into
the buildings and the families upon
awakening were confronted with six
inches of muddy water in every room.
The loss to the tenants, will be con
siderable. They blame the owners,
whom they declare are responsible for
not raising the buildings.' In the back
yards the water was more than two
feet deep.
Captain Anderson of . the {seven
teenth Street Police Station says that
the storm is the worst in his recollec
tion. On several trips made by the
patrol wagon the water was over the
wheels.
A scow belonging to McMahon Bros.
A barn of the City Street Improve
ment Company at Division and Seven
teenth streets also came in for con
siderable damage. A water tank of
large capacity, elevated 100 feet on
truss work in the yard, was covered
with an iron cupola. The wind raised
this cover and deposited it on the roof
of the stable. The structure is a two
story frame building, the upper floor
being used for the storage of hay and
grain and in the lower floor 150 head
of horses are cared for. With a ter
rible crash the roof was crushed in
and the side of the building fell into
the yard, leaving the loft exposed to
the elements.
Almost simultaneously •with the de
struction of the steeple of St. Paul's
Church a sixty-foot smokestack on the
Knterprise Brewery, situated on Fol
som street, between Sixteenth and Sev
enteenth, fell with a crash, but fortu
nately did Dot damage any of the ad
joining buildings. The management of
the brewery places the loss at 5400.
Reserve boilers were placed in com
mission and there was no Interruption
to business.
Several schoolhouses suffered Blight
damage, and, the advertising contrac
tors who use the board fences as a
medium of publicity will suffer consid
erable loss, as many hundred feet of
fences in prominent locations are down.
Several skylights on the City and
County Hospital were broken and forty
feet of fence on the Protrero avenue
side of the institution was wrecked.
Many of the sewers throughout the
Mission broke under the great strain
of the flood and in many places the
overflow undermined the streets, caus
ing them to cave in.
On the San Mateo division of the
United Railroads sand washed on the
track kept a force of laborers at work.
A tree opposite the Union Coursing
Park was uprooted and fell across the
trolley wires, causing an interruption
of traffic for some time.
A portion of one of. the steeples of
Ft. Pauls Church, at the corner of
Valley and Church streets, snapped off
like a twig and crashed into a neigh
boring yard, providentially missing a
dwelling-house.
The wind played some queer and
costly pranks in the Mission district,
and property-owners in that section
received an object lesson in the inade
quacy of the sewer system, usual
the vicinity of Sixteenth and Folsom
Ftreots suffered the most, and for sev
eral blocks in that vicinity the streets
took on the appearance of mlllraces.
Ollars were flooded, living rooms con
verted into miniature duck ponds, and
housewives stood in several inches of
water while preparing the morning
meal. The email boy was in his glory
end the many lakes situated through
out the district afforded him an oppor
tunity to put his seamanship to the
test on improvised rafts.
From all accounts the wind and rain
were most pevere about 6 o'clock yes
terday morning and the greatest dam
age occurred about that hour.
The Richmond district encountered
the fierce gale In all its fury. The en
tire district suffered more or less
from the storm and wreckage is every
where scattered along the streets. In
back yards and vacant lots. A three
story flat in course of construction on
Lake street, between Fifth and Sixth
avenues, was completely demolished.
The flats are the property of W. H.
Hendrickson and were being con
structed at a cost of about $S0OO.
Only the foundation and the frame
work had been completed and conse
quently the sale had full headway
when it struck the frail structure.
It fell with a crash some time before
6 o'clock in the morning and timbers
and bricks lay piled up in a tangled
mass on the site. No one was near
the structure at the time it was de
molished. The Police Department was
at once notified.
An inspector from the Board of
Public Works visited the place soon
after it collapsed and pronounced it a
total loss. The structure was being
built by M. J. Savage and was com
menced several weeks ago. The total
loss will probably reach $2000.
A three-story flat building in course
ft construction at Fourth avenue anJ
D street by F. Nelson, 634 Second ave
nue, was badly demolished and will
be a total loss. The two-story flats,
also the property of Nelson, which are
being constructed near his residence
on Second avenue, were also badly
wrecked. Nelson's loss is not great.
Chimneys were blown down all over
the district and windows were broken
all along the route of the storm. In
fact, the entire Richmond district pre
sented a pitiful appearance after the
gale. Wreckage lies everywhere in the
streets and vacant lots.
Wind Plays Queer
and Costly
Pranks.
Richmond Suffers
Heavy Loss by
Storm.
Mission District
Damaged by
Storm.
CHURCH STEEPLE RAZED AND BIG BUILDING TWISTED
Gale Completely
Demolishes
Houses.
THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1904.
4
John P. Bryson, cook, of 537A Xatoma
street, says: "I had pain in the kidneys
for eight months before I used Doan's
Kidney Pills. Sometimes it was worse
than others and sometimes of longer du-
ration, but as the area affected was right
across the small of the back, over the
kidneys. I knew those organs were the
cause of the entire trouble. A short time
after I used Doan's Kidney Pills the ach-
ing disappeared, and what to me Is of
considerable more importance Is this
fact: I have had complete immunity
from pain during the last six months "
For sale by all deaders. Price 50 cent*.
Foster-Mllburn Co.. Buffalo. N. Y. solo
agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and take
The back aches at times with a dull,
indescribable feeling, making you
weary and restless; piercing pains shoot
across the region of the kidneys, and
again the loins are so lame to stoop Is
agony. No nse to rub or apply a plaster
to the back In this condition. Tou can-
not reach the cause. Exchange the bad
back for a new and strong one — follow
the example of thia 8an Francisco citi-
zen:
Done lo San ZTanclsco.
A Haw Back for an. Old One-How It Is
FAIR EXCHANGE.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PIIXS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Epilepsy
Can b<? cured. To those afflicted this
conveys a wonderful message. Though
quite common, it is only a short time
«inc<? it was considered incurable. The
discovery that it was purely a nervous
disorder nag led to the application of
the great nerve restorer.
Dr. Miles' '
Restorative Nervine
With the hapy result that, thousands
have been completely cured, and others
are belnK cured every day. •
"In the year '92 I was stricken with
epilepsy. Doctors treated me for sev-
eral years, but I grew worse. I would
have such awful fits. I cannot tell mv
awful sufferings. A druggist recom-
mended Dr. Miles'- Nervine, and I bought,
a bottle and found it helped me, and I
took three more and am cured. I had
only one light spell ttrter I commenced
taking it. I do. hope tie time will come
when everybody will snow that your
medicine cures thesse awful fits." — JOHN
LEWIS. Clarion. Pa.
It iit; so sure to help- that Nervine is
Bold under a guarantee to refund your
money it first bottle does not benefit.Large numbers of ready-made cot
tages are being shipped to the Amazon
from New York. ,
ALiAMEDA GETS A BLOW.
Train Service Is Badlj Interfered
Witl>— Tidal Canal Overflows.
ALAMEDA. March 10. — Wind and
rain played havoc throughout this city
last night and this " morning. While
the aggregate damage done is con
siderable, in no particular instance i£
It heavy. Trees were stripped, fences
VALI*EJO, March 10.— The heavy
wind, accompanied by torrents of rain,
this morning- shook up this town fn
sl- lively fashion, and. backing the
water in from the bay. flooded the low
lands in this section, especially north
of town. The high tide washed over
wharves. &nd the heavy wind did
considerable damage. All over town
trees, shrubbery and fences suffered
and several small bridges were wash
ed away. The amount of damage done,
taken as a whole, has been consider
able. .
Water From the Bay Backs Up and
Hoods tlie Lowlands.
HIGH TIDE AT VAULEJO.
big fence, fifteen feet high and thirty
feet long, back of the quarters of Cap
tain Ccrnlsh. was blown down with
a great crash and demolished. The
graceful acacia tree that for years has
adorned the post hospital grounds was
torn branch from branch before it
finally succumbed and was thrown
across the stone walk. The calla hedge
which surrounds the beautiful grounds
of Major Stephenson and is not only
the pride and Joy but also one of the
chief adornments to the post, was al
most blown to pieces. It was In full
bloom, and the white blossoms were
scattered over the lawn like snow.
Men were out all the afternoon clearing
away th<? debris, and by nightfall
things were ship-shape again-
All pronounced it the worst storm
that has visited the Presidio In years.
Continued From Page 1. Column 7.
Gale Plays Havoc.
Con tinned on Page 11. Column 4.
The prettiest park in Stockton. Fre
mont, Is almost ruined, the trees harini
been uprooted. Other parka suffered
STOCKTON. March 10.— The storia
here this morning brought .S5 cf an
Inch of rain and leveled a lot of tre-s
and shrubbery r The only serious re
sult was the sinking of the little steam
er Alton In Stockton harbor. The boat
is used for carrying oil to the island
pumping stations, and last night wa»
heavily load«»d and tied to the soutfc
wharf. Early this morning she was
listed by the wind and finally went
under, but her crew jrot ashore safely
The steamer is In sixteen feet of water,
but will be raised.
BOAT SUNK AT STOCKTON.
Oil Steamer Alton, Lifted by Wind,
Goes Down.
Yuba, Feather, American and
Sacramento rivers were rising
at last accounts. There was a
break in the storm yesterday
afternoon, but the forecaster
predicts that we shall experi
ence more high wind* to-day,
although probably not so severe
as those of yesterday. More
rain may also be expected.
The maximum wind Telocity
attained yesterday was forty
eight miles an hour. The rain
at 8 o'clock in the morning fell
at the rate of one-fiftieth of an
inch a minute tor three ininntes.
The barometer reading was
29.23 inches when the wind was
the heaviest. The normal pres
sure gives a barometric reading
of thirty inches. The reading of
February 22, 1891, was 29.10
Inches, which is the record for
San Francisco. The barometer
reading at Galveston at the time
of the disaster was 2S.4S Inches.
A wind velocity of sixty miles an
hour was reported from Sacra
mento before the wires broke
down. McAdie expects that
there was a record jrale at Point
Reyes, bat no report was re
ceived from there last night be
cause the wires were down.
Records Tell
the Story of
Storm's Fury
SHIPS BATTLING AGAINST
THE GALE IN THE BAY AT
SAUSALITO.
The water subsided quickly when the
rain ceased this afternoon, thus free
ing many places for the ordinary traf
fic. In some localities, however, the
flood has left its mark and it will be.
several days before the tide of activ
ities may be resumed.
Eight inches of water covered the
Southern Pacific's tracks at the foot
of University avenue for three hours
this morning and trains were sent cau
tiously across the submerged raiLs.
Men were on hand trying to drain th3
water into the bay.
Among the individual sufferers who
sustained considerable loss are D. E.
Vergue of West Berkeley, whose home
was surrounded by six feet of water
when daylight broke this morning. Th€
water kept rising even then. until it
came in at the doors and made a hasty
flight to the upper story necessary.
The flood visited the first floor of Mr*.
Philip Twist's home on Fourth street
and also Joseph Irwin's, a few doors
away. Operations were entirely sus
pended at the El Dorado Oil Works
because eight inches of water filled ths
plant.
Thi gutters were so overtaxed In
many places that the streams of water
extended the full width of the streets,
making of them swift-flowtng rivers.
The most damaging of these streams
came down Shattuck avenue from
North Berkeley. It deposited most of
itc waters at University avenue and
that neighborhood much to the chagrin
and loss of storekeepers. BasemeuU
were filled up and ground floors sub
merged.
In "West Berkeley the waters tore
away the bridge that crossed the creek
at Fourth street. That section being
lower than any of the other parts of
town received the full benefit of the
overflow, the result being that half of
West Berkeley was under water. Lum
ber and boxes and things movable
floated everywhere on the tide.
Farther down the creek, between
Milvia and Grove streets, the force of
the water tore open a culvert recently
built by the Shattuck estate and over
flowed the land on either side. The
rush of vraters covered Grove street to
a depth of one foot and prevented pass
ing to and from the City Hall for sev
eral hour?.
Strawberry Creek tore through its
banks, carrying everything before It.
Great bowlders, bridges and lumber all
went speeding down the raging stream.
The wind forced a tree across the creek
at the Telegraph avenue entrance, and
part of the bridge that was torn away
was carried to the bay. Students living
on the south side of the city were com
pelled to go into the university grounds
through another entrance.
The creek overflowed its banks in two
places. At Oxford street, just where the
stream emerges from the university
grounds, the water suddenly climbed
over a lot of ( debris that had accumu
lated at that point and rushed across
the street. It required a gang of men
to clear away the debris so the water
could run freely. For a time the post
office building was threatened with in
undation.
o'clock local train from San Francisco
was held back forty-five minutes, over
flowed tracks having prevented its
coming through on time. In attempting
to get up the slope into North Berkeley
the engine slipped so much on the track
that it was necessary to back down to
Berkeley station. There a freight en
gine hooked on at the rear end and
helped the regular engine to get up the
hill. ,\ - - . ™ 3
The water in the tidal canal between
Park street and Kruitvale avenue over
flowed the bank3, the rise being brought
about by the combined action of the
wind, the tide and the great volume of
water corning in from Sausal Creek.
A large lamp was wrenched from the
125-foot electric light mast on Webster
street and Railroad avenue and pre
cipitated through the roof of the resi
dence of J. G. Lnbben. A windmill was
blown down on Central avenue, near
Lafayette street, damaging the con
servatory of F. W. Van Sicklen. A
skylight was ripped from the roof of
the Adelphian Club Hall, in the Tucker
block, and another from the roof of the
City Hall. An immense sign on the Pa
cific Hotel was torn loose and, in fall-
Ing, demolished the paint store of J. H.
Mait. There was a mlxup of telephone
and fire-alarm wires, and a force of
men was kept constantly employed dur
ing the day In making repairs to bells
and to boxes that had been burned out.
The passengers from San Francisco
who boarded the 9 o'clock train this
morning on the narrow-gauge road
for Santa Cruz were landed at the old
ferry slip at Alameda Point. Trains on
the north side, line running to the Oak
land mole were off their schedule most
of the day, because of the irregular
time made by the boats.
At the Alameda mole the wind
crashed in a passenger shed and
toppled that over along with three
passenger coaches that were standing
on an exposed track. The train had
been made up for the morning nar
row gauge run to Santa Cruz. The
obstruction interfered with the move
ment of trains. Ferryboats could not
dock at the slip and it was not until
this afternoon at 3:20 o'clock that the
local trains resumed running on that
route.
leveled, roofs uplifted, windmills top
pled over, cellars deluged, windows
shattered, signs and awnings wrecked
and steam and electrical traffic im
peded. •
The rainfall for San Rafael and vicin
ity is 2.4S inches, while at Sausalito It
was 4.73 inches since Wednesday at 5
p. m.
At Lime Point and Fort Baker there
was considerable damage, especially at
the former place. The quartermaster's
road running from the wharf to the
Lime Point lighthouse was washed
away for a lemg distance. The seawall
just completed by the Government was
undermined by a back wash and broken
in several places.
Hundreds of acres of land between
Ross station and Larkspur are inun
dated. ¦¦ :^'V'iZrZ
San Rafael commuters who attempt
ed to go to San Francisco before 10
o'clock this morning were stalled on
this side of the bay. The North "Shore
ferry-boats were operated after 9
o'clock and ran on time the balance
of the day. The ferry-boat Tiburon
in crossing had her rudder damaged
and put back to San Francisco. The
Donahue was sent out to take her
place, but was delayed an hour by fire
being discovered on her lower deck.
The prompt action of the officers and
crew made the damage very slight and
she was not laid up for repairs.
At Ccrte Madera three two-story
houses in course of construction and
nearly completed, owned by William
Jackman of San Francisco, were blown
down and will have to be entirely re
built.
Traffic on both the North Shore and
the California Northwestern was at a
standstill for many hours. No trains
have gone north or arrived from Caza
dero on the narrow gauge, owing to
washouts above San Anselmo, while on
the California Northwestern the up
country trains did not leave Tiburon.
and the San Francisco bound passen
gers cannot pass Petaluma owing to
landslides in Sonoma County.
On Mount Tamalpais the velocity of
the wind reached 106 miles. No dam
age occurred on the Scenic Railway.
The work of cleaning up the town
will be inaugurated at or.ee and it will
be several clays before the place pre
sents anything like its former appear
ance. . Wreckage and debris is scat
tered in every nook and corner of the
village. Fences vrere blown down in
everj- district. Large trees have been
rooted up and flower gardens entirely
carried away.
The clubhouse of the San Francisco
Yacht Club'marvelously escaped dam
age, though many valuable rowboats
v,ere either dashed to pieces against
the rocks or carried away entirely.
There is scarcely a wharf or float
along the whole water front that has
not been damaged to some extent by
the storm.
A boathouse at Not Sausalito was
entirely washed away, together with
a number of fine rowboats that had
recently been installed. The storm
simply wrecked every ark in the vi
cinity of Sausaiito which was noc
amply sheltered. Many of the occu
pants were forced to flee for their
lives and scores of persons who made
their homes in arks are now home
less.
away and several barges and small
boats completely destroyed. A Danish
fisherman named Butz lost his two
beats and a launch in the storm, and
had a narrotv escape from drowning
while trying to save the latter craft.
MANY' DWELLINGS DAMAGED.
Dr. Crumpton's residence, near the
water front, was badly demolished
and his garden and outhouses were
entirely washed away. Many of the
handsome housss on the hill were
badly shaken up and piles of lumber
und wreckage slid down the steep'.in
clines, making- it dangerous to pass
near th-3 brow of the hill.
The schooner Anna Maria lost her
rigging and anchor and drifted down
on an unknown English ship. The
latter is said to have been badly shak
en up by the collision and the Anna
Maria 5s in a dilapidated condition,
besides having lost nearly all her car
go of cordweod.
The British shi;> Newgate lest her
anchor in the storm and drifted down
upon the British ship Silberhorn, at an
chor a short distance away. The Silber
horn was badly damaged by the colli
sion. Her* fore topgallant and royal
masts were carried away and her fore
topsail was also lost. Ker rigging was
almost entirely - demolished and she
now lies at anchor in an almost helpless
condition. The Newgate also suffered
much from the collision, her rigging be
ing badly tangled up. Both ships lost a
large r>ortion of their lumber cargoes.
The British ships Buteshire, Gunford,
Chelmsford, Saint Mirren and Kensing
ton are all ashore on the flats and are
all in a helpless condition. They were
engaged in unloading cargoes of coal
and wood In port, and all lost heavily
by the storm.
Smith's boathouse at old Sausalito is
a complete wreck. The big float was
washed away, by the swell and several
boats and launches were either broken
to r>iec«s on the rocks or carried out
into the stream by the flood and the
fierce gale-- Tne loss to the -boathouse
is very heavy, though the exact amount
is not yet known. .
Dan Eustace's wharf was also washed
BRITISH SHIPS COLLIDE.
He rushed on deck, and seeing that
the boat was In a bad way and liable
to be capsized made for a small boat.
He discovered that all the boats had
been carried away In the squalL For
three hours he chouted at the top of his
voice, but the noise of the wind was
so great that he could not be heard.
At last Captains Boyer and White, in
charge cf two small scows, heard his
cries and rescued the unfortunate sea
man.
Many of the vessels were discharg
ing their cargoes and thousands cf
dollars' worth of merchandise, consist
ing mostly of lumber and coal, was
trashed overboard by the raging seas
that swept the decks of the craft. The
rigging of many of the ships Is so
badly damaged that it will have to
be entirely replaced.
The lumber schooner William end
Albert, which was discharging a cargj
on the beach near old Sausalito. lost
almost the entire cargo by the deluge
that swept her decks at daybreak.
She was disabled by the storm and
partly filled with water and drifted
on the mud fiats north of where she
was unloading.
William Williamson, a seaman on
board the lumber schooner Emily Mar
tin, had a thrilling- experience while
the storm raged at its height and nar
rowly escaped being drowned. Wil
liamson was the only man on board the
craft and was awakened by the wind
at dawn.
SEAMAN* SHOUTS FOR AID.
anchored in the harbor. Scarcely one
of them escaped some sort of injury.
Four shirks are at present on the mud
flats, to say nothing of numberless
scows and smaller craft that are stuck
fast in the slimy mud which embraces
the «hore.
The storm played havoc with the
large fleet of British vessels that are
The town of Sausalito suffered se
verely in the terrific storm that swept
the coast early yesterday morning and
the thriving- place at daylight pre
sented a wrecked appearance. Wharves
were washed away, ships stranded on
the mud rats and wreckage, blown
hither and thither by the furious gale,
strewed the streets in every part of the
viilage.
The da.ma£e done by the storm will
mount ud into thousands of dollars,
though j'jst how much no one is yet
prepared to say, for no attempt has
been made to Sgrure it out. That no
fatalities resulted is considered mirac
ulous, as the storm raged while fisher
men, sailors and others were in the
midst of preparing for their day's work
or protecting their property against
further damase.
Water street, the main thorough
fare of the place, is nearly all washed
eway. There is not room in the street
for one wagon to pass another and
consequently traffic in the town is al
most entirely tied up. What Is left
of Water street is so full of rubbish
and wrecking- that It is impassable ia
many parts.
Contlnned From Page 4, Column 7.
Th« furious gale that swept the city
yesterday rnornir.sr did not even spare
the ponderous Sahlein building. In
ceurse of construction at the corner
cf Polk and Bosh streets. This large
5*v^r ; -story structure was so badly
twirt<:d. shaken and battered bv the
storm that in all probability the five
top stories trill have to be torn down
and rebuilt.
The structure was so shaky in ap
r*="T'-r.c? that the Fire and Police de
partments cleared Polk and Bush
streets •within a radius of a block of
the plaice and stopped all trade along
the thoroughfare. People were or
c rcd e out of houses in the immediate
vkir.:ty ar.d many shops and stores
Tier" closed.
The building, sjs it appears at the
present time, presents a. woebegone
B*pe t ar.i it i« likely that trafSc in the
vicinity will \u» tied up for several
It* wafls are cracked and
. larg-e iron girders are b?#it
cr:d f >rr-.l p.id the fixe too stories
"re lining to one side and appear to
fre rt?a>Jy to tumble Com) at any mo-
As £?.y broke the policemen on the
>.; the rurroundir.s districts ob
served that th?» structure was a rcm-
I let? trrecfc: They immediately <:om
mesicated v ith the. City Hail police
rti.tioi) end the Fire Department. Men
xrerc ;t once ser.t to the scene and
:'• ¦ - ets for a square block in th=
vknnity were at one*; cleared and ropes
t • rr stretched so as to prevent pas
iersty ircr.n coming ttio near.
Tlie Polk and I^irkin street car line
•was stopped from Gutter street north.
An ininer.se crowd congregated
srour.fi the corners and although the
rn::: nraa coming down in torrents, the
cnlookers Btfll iin^er^ii cind increased
£5 the momenta went by.
Ext-a squads of patrolmen trere or
dered out from the North End and th*»
City Hall stations and the strictest
puard kept all along the street?.
No one was allowed to pass and mar.y
families in the vicinity •were forced to
fcr^ake the shelter of their homes and
seek lodgings elsewhere.
Deputy Brandon of the City Archi-
T** r t > cff.ee states that the building
rou'd have probably withstood the
force of the gale but for the fact that
The rf>of was not 5-et rut on. This
open space on top s.IloTi-ed the storm
uolizsited pl?y and the fierce grists
that entered from the top of the struc
ture simply bleTv through the entire
building, and forced the bricks and
iron girders to part like tote heated in
s. f-^rr.ace.
The Sahlein building' T-as beiny con
ptructed by Ker.ry Sahlein. the •well!
known capitalist, at a cost of about
550. OCC. It was commenced about
four months ag^o and the ¦work of corn-
I letir.g- it was rushed rapid!v along,
a large sing- of v.orkrnen and me
rhar.ics being constantly employed on
it. It was the Intention of its owner
to utilize the lower floors for stores
prd the six upi>er fioors for rooms and
cSces.
The total loss wi'l probably reach
between 515.000 and STCGOO. as the
inspectors of the Board of Public
TTcrks say that the five top stories
rrlll have to be torn down. The build
ins 1 may remain intact if the weather
keeps fine, but should another storm
fcreak. It is likely that It wii! become
a total wreck, and should it fall the
chances are that many other struc
tures and dwellings in the vicinity will
suffer to an alarming extent.
The trattdlcc looks more demolished
than if a ftre had visited it and eaten
£W2y its inside Trails and Sxtures. The
walls are all cracked and the hu^e
iron girders and props are twisted and
distorted. The flrst two stories ap
pear to be Intact, but the damagre
done to that section of the building
trill r.ot be known till the inspectors
make a thorough investigation.
Ships Collide in Sausalito Harbor and
Main Street Is Washed Jiway
by Flood.
Storm Leaves Its Mark Throughout the
Entire Length and Breadth of
JUameda County.
Orange County received a thorough
soaking. Fullerton reports 1.55 inche?,
Anaheim 1.60. Santa Ana 1.35. Newport
1.4S, Tustin I. SO and so throughout the
county, the average being over an Inch
and a half. Another rain within three
weeks will insure an abundant crop ot
fruit and will make possible at least
half a crop of grain.
The Interurban lines were put out of
business in many places by washouts
and flooding of tracks, but no employes
or passengers were Injured. In the cat
tle raising district of Antelope Valley.
north of the city, two Inches of rain
fell, and this will assure an abundance
of feed in a district where six weeks
ago cattle were dying for want of feed.
To the southward in that district.
which supplies this section with fruits
and vegetables, the rainfall was almost
as heavy. In the mountain district of
this county there was tremendous pre
cipitation. Echo Mountain, on a shelf
of Mount Lowe, reports 3.20 Inches, ani
the rangers' camps along the San Ga
briel range resort an average of more
than three inches. In the higher ranges
there was nearly a foot of snow in
many places. East of the city In the
great grain raising districts of San
Bernardino and Riverside counties the
rain •was perhaps more beneficial than
in any other section of the State. There
the grain had J>een sown early in Janu
ary to dry soil.
The first real storm of the season
caused it to take root and taen came
another rain which caused the crops
to grow about six inches above the
ground. The present rain will cause
a wonderful growth in those sections,
and while it Is probably out of thi
Question to expect much of a grain
crop there promises to be an abur.d
anc» of hay In all the rural districts.
LOS ANGELES, March ID.— Just at
the time when It would do the tncst
good and when, corning as it did. it was
worth several times the same Quantity
earlier, all Southern California received
a drenching this evening-, the rainfall
ranging from Zy% leches in the Santa
Barbara district to l*i inches through
Orange County peatlands and east
ward through the grain districts oi
Riverside and San Bernardino counties.
It was by far the heaviest rain of ths
season, and. although some damage
•was done to transportation lines, that
was mere than offset by the good,
which will accrue to the ranchers
throughout this end of the State.
In Lcs Angeles and vicinity the rain
began falling at 3 o'clock this after
noon and continued until nearly mid
night, during which time 1.70 inches
fell, most of It during three hours. For
the first time within more, than a year
the streets were flooded, street car traf
fic seriously crippled and many cellars
flooded. At the plant- of Bishop & Co.
the heaviest loss occurred. There th
power plant was damaged to the extent
of J3000.
Large Structure
May Fall at
Jlny Time.
Storm a Blessing
in the Thirsty
Southern Part of
the State Gets
Drenching.
Sahleln Building
Is Twisted by
WINDS DAMAGES SHIPPING BUT RAIN CHEERS FARMER
MARCH 11. 1904.
THE SAN FRANXISCO CALL. FRIDAY.
5
A Ti'Crp'R.TTRTrM k». I
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.,
6 O'Farrell Street. S. F.
Weak Men ami Women
SHOLXD USE DAMJAXA BITTERS. THE
Great ilextcan liesedy; grives health and
•xrez£tfc la sesu&I crgasx Depct, S Market.
ITEVT AD < *TERTISE2£EKTS.
SOFT. GLOSSY HATR.
It Can O-~-v Be Had Wber* There Zs So
Ar.r ran or Trorr.aa who grants soft.
ir»°ssy hair must be free «">f dandruff.
•wrfcich csu?e* falling hair. Slr.ce tt has
beeonx known that dandruff is a germ
disease, the old hair preparations that
w*r» mostly irritants have been
abandoned, and th» public, barbers and
doctors ireiuded. have taken to U5in£
TCewbro's Herpicide. the only hair prep-
aration thct kills the dandrull irerm. E.
I>x3d.. Dicteins»->n. N. D.. says: "Ilerpicltie
rot dr.ly cl«»ar.sr« the scalp from dan-
<!rcff ard prevents the hair falling oat.
but promotes a new gro-srth. Herpicide
k^e^s rsy hair very glossy." Sold by
I^adirf: druggists. E^nd 10c ia s^tanr's
for sample to The Herpiclde Co.. Detroit.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
He Kind Yea Hare Always Sough!
Bears the rf \vrffT^T
&£tAture cf l /^/'CiccJuA4
& tfl K*" 1 , t| \ij HGOKATOB is a rlt-
¦¦«"¦' l^^B B W nral i»stor«r of lost
»tr»n«h «n<l vUcor. It is the «>I>T nje»cs
«"tirtt will czpati'd »a<1 il^relop f he onncs. used
wtta cur improved » Perfira " Solctle K«lic*»d
¦Direct Medicatien)
<r»xoa*. s-.-tll qnicfcij* cars nnn*tor»l losses, stric-
ture, prems.ro re <J*«-»v. prr»»t«tic affections, etc
,^^. For VABICOCKLE our IM-
biaed trtih oor new patented SUS-
Vi^ PENSOSTaad CO3IPBKSSOR,
csily.ty cs>, will cart even the
r-** wont cues. Von'i fail u> lnv«sticale Uiis.
j t\ CaJi or •write Jbr new (coprrijrhted) pro-
3 'I faselr iliastrxt**! lOO-paee boot.~HesJth,*
5 3 t.f 3IE>* ONXT. Sent secorelr «*aled
&¦ SI KliEE. Oar physicians are experienced
j-ifj. — ¦¦ 'trSctl^ reliable cpec!a!l5:v Ffe»
*¦¦?# pryjfraic. Treatment stven ca lScari"
frit! t^d apprtn-il-
H Until six o'clock ||
M to=night,only M
wi ' $8.25 %
4e>| We have prepared for another rainy 3&-
J& I day by offering a value that will bring *L
people to our store regardless of the *j
\ weather. A fifteen-dollar boudoir desk '»
1 for $8.25. Two woods to choose from
— mahoganized birch or birdseye ma-
ple. Positively for to-day, Friday, only.
ty^^^L, 261 to 2S1 Geary St., at Union Square _ /ferJ^? .The Russians are prepared to scuttle
the gunboat Sivoutch at Newchwaug
and block the channel with It and with
stone-laden scows. A Japanese attack
ia expected there and It is consider**
doubtful here that the Czar's tro».«?
could hold the town against a deter
mined advance.
TIENTSIN. March 10.— The Russian
losses on the Yalu River during the
many skirmishes which are reported to
have taken place with the Japanese ara
said to have been more than 2000 men.
The Russian soldiers in Manchuria
are said to be almost spirit broken.
Cold, lack of food and the brutal treat
ment they receive from their offlcer3
have caused them to become greatly
disheartened, this being the case par
ticularly with the young recruits. The
shortness of provisions in Port Arthur
has caused. It is said, the Russian au
thorities to withdraw all superfluous
troops from there to Harbin and Kirin.
At Dalny explosives are being placed
in the houses in expectation of a Jap
anese occupation of the town.
RUSSIAN TORPEDO
BOAT LOST NEAR
' ISLAXD OF CRETE
CANEA, Island of Crete, March 10.
— Members of the crew of a Russian
transport which has reached here
from Port Said, say Russian torpedo
boat No. 221 was lost while on the
way to "this port. : The* crew of the
torpedo boat was rescued by the trans
port. • ;
Return of the Dmitri Donskoi.
SUEZ,, March 10. — The Russian ar
mored cruiser Dmitri Donskol has en
tered the canal, bound for the Medit
erranean. ¦
The Japanese journalists are rejoic
ing at the friendly tone observable in
the American papers, which have just
been received in this country.
TOKIO, March 10.— It is believed in
circles here that Marquis
Ito, who is to leave Tokio on March
15 for Korea as a special Embassador
from the Emperor of Japan to the Em
peror of Korea, will be able to allay
the doubts and imagined dangers
which are reported to be haunting the
Korean Emperor, who has not yet
published the text of the Japanese-
Korean protocol in the official journal
of Korea.
The Japanese Government expects to
realize $5,000-000 by increased taxation.
The Emperor and Empress have do
nated $60,000 and the Crown Prince and
Crown Princess $1250 for the relief of
the widows and orphans of Japanese
soldiers.
ITO WILL ALLAY
FEARS HAUXTIXG
KOREAN EMPEROR
An imperial ukase has been issued,
prohibiting the exportation of horses
from Russia until further notice. Even
for the exportation of single horses
with pedigrees .permission from the
head of the Remount Department must
be obtained.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 10.— The
only piece of important news received
up to to-night from the seat of war was
the dispatch from Port Arthur an
nouncing a fresh attack on that place
by the Japanese fleet. Another tele
gram from Vladivostok makes no men
tion of recent fighting and says that all
is quiet there.
The reports that the Japanese have
entered Manchuria west of the Talu
River and have reached Fenghuan
cheng. on the Peking road, which is
the Russian line of communication to
the Yalu, cannot be confirmed. If the
Information proves true, a land engage
ment of some magnitude cannot long
be delayed, as the Russians have a
heavy force south of the line, between
Liaoyang and Mukden, and they also
are occupying strong positions along
the Yalu. A Japanese column between
them would be in desperate straits un
less It moved by flank to attack the
Russians on the Yalu in the rear and
was energetically supported by a for
ward Japanese movement from Korea.
DISPATCH SAYS
QUIET PREVAILS
AT VLADIVOSTOK
NAGASAKI, March 10.— The crews
of the merchant vessels captured by
Japanese warships since the war be
gan have just been released and in
all 400 Russians,'. Chinese '. and Ger
mans have been turned over to * their
Crews of Prizeshlps Released.
"All ' officials of the Government —
civil, military and naval — are hereby
directed not only to observe the Presi
dent's proclamation of the neutrality
in the pending war between Russia
and Japan, but also 'to abstain from
either action or speech which can legit
imately cause Irritation to either of the
combatant?. The Government of the
United States represents the people of
the United States not only in the sin
cerity with which it is endeavoring to
keep the scales of neutrality exact and
even, but in the sincerity with which
it deplores the breaking out of the pres
ent war and hopes that it will end at
¦the earliest; possible moment and with
the smallest' possible loss to those en
gaged. Such a war inevitably .increases
and>inflames the susceptibilities of the
combatants to anything in the nature
of an injury or slight by outsiders.
Too often combatants make conflicting
claims as to the duties and obligations
of neutrals, so that, even when dis
charging these duties and obligations
with scrupulous care, it is difficult to
avoid giving offense to one or the other
party.
"To such unavoidable causes of of
fense due to the performance of na
tional duty there must not be added
any avoidable causes. It is always un
fortunate to bring Old World antipa
thies and jealousies into our life or by
speech or conduct excite anger and re
sentment toward our nation in friend
ly foreign lands; but in a Government
employe, whose official position makes
hlnr in some sense the representative
of tl»e people, the mischief of such ac
tion is greatly increased. A strong and
self-confident nation ehould be partic
ularly careful not only of the rights
but of the susceptibilities of Its neigh
bors—and nowadays all of the nations
of the wc-rld are neighbors, one to the
other. Courtesy,, moderation and self
restraint should mark international no
less than private intercourse.
"All of the officials of the Govern
ment — civil, military and naval— are ex
pected so to carry themselves, both in
act and deed, as to give no cause of
just offense to the people of any for
eign and friendly power— and with all
mankind we are now ii: friendship.
."THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
"White House/March ID,' 1904."
WASHINGTON, March 10.—Presi
dent Roosevelt, after a conference with
Secretary of State Hay, issued the fol
lowing executive order respecting the
observance of the proclamation recent
ly promulgated declaring the neutral
ity of the United States between Rus
sia r.nd Japan, the combatant nations
in the Far Eastern war now in- pro
gress:
Admiral kamimura does not men
tion in his report anything concern^
ing Russian operations in the vicinity
of Possiet Bay or Tumen River.
TOKIO, March 10.— The report, of
Vicfc Admiral Kamimura, in command
of the Vladivostok naval expedition,
reached the Navy Department here
early this morning'. It evidently came
by. way of Wusan, where the squadron
was expected to call upon Its return.
The "report throws little additional
light upon the movement, except that
it seems to show that the Russian
squadron remained safely within the
Vladivostok harbor, under the pro
tection of the shore batteries.
Admiral Kamimura says that he
bombarded the harbor for forty min
utes and believes the fire was very
effective. At 0 o'clock on Sunday
evening the Japanese discerned heavy
volumes of smoke ascending over the
eastern mouth of the harbor and it
was thought for a time that the Rus
sians were getting: steam up to come"
out and give battle, which waa eager
ly awaited; but the smoke gradually
died away, with no appearance of any
of the Russian ships. The Japanese
squadron searched the surrounding
bays until noon on I Monday, when H
again steamed back to the eastern en
trance of Vladivostok harbor. The
forts there did not fire at the ap
i proaching ships and- no trace waa
! found of the Rusaian squadron. Ad
! miral Kamimura then steamed south
| ward, reconnoitering Possiet Bay and
other inlets in that vicinity, but found
no trace of the Russians.
JAPAX BELIEVES
VLADIVOSTOK SHIPS
ARE IX THE HARBOR
respective Consuls to be sent back to
their own countries. Forty of the
officers taken fit the same time still
remain at SasebO. The coal cargo of
the Norwegian steamship Hermes has
been released.
It Is said that documents accessible
to Martin related to the possibility of
joint naval action on the part of Frence
and Russia.
commissioner:!-, officer by a naval cap
tain of the same name. This letter was
from an intermediary, but it indicated
the principals in the affair. It is alleged
that several women are implicated and
thHt one of them has confessed.
It appears now. that only one docu
ment is missing from the Ministry of
Marine, but it is possible that Martin
photographed *and replaced others. It
is not likely that the information al
leged to have been stolen got beyond
thf» intermediary, and it is sa'd that the
Japanese naval attache who is sup
posed to have been in direct communi
cation -with Martin sailed for home on
board one of the cruisers which Japan
purchased from Argentina.
JAPAN ATTEMPTS
TO BUY FRENCH
XAVAL SEGEETS
Regarding the war correspondents in
Japan, Hill said they were in despair
at the reticence of the Government,
and the people found it impossible to
gain even a scran of authentic news.
So far as Captain. Hill was aware there
was not a foreign correspondent with
either the Japanese fleet or army.
Captain Hill says that when the two
Japanese cruisers got through the Suez
canal they were closely followed by the
Russian squadron, which was evidently
trying hard to keep in close touch with
them. The Aurora, which enjoys the
reputation of being one of the fastest
Russian vessels, attempted to overhaul
the .two cruisers, which, however, put
on • full steam and ran away from her
with the greatest ease.
Captain Hill had a long conversation
with the Japanese admirals when in
Japan shortly before leaving, and they
told him that the main object of the
Japanese operations at present was
Port Arthur. They are to capture the
port at any cost and were confident of
their ability to do "so. No effort, the
Japanese Minister assured Hill, would
be spared to reduce Port Arthur as
quickly as possible. It would then be
refortifled by the Japanese, who would
remain there, instead of following the
Russians into the wilds of Northern
Manchuria or Siberia. The intention
also is to reduce Vladivostok as soon as
the ice goes out.
.In -reply to the question as to whether
the superior gunnery of the Japanese
was not due to the experience of the
Spanish-American, war gunners, Cap
tain Hill said most emphatically that
not one white man was employed on
any Japanese warship in any capacity
whatsoever.
VICTORIA, B. C. March 10.— Thr
Northern Pacific liner Olympia arrived
from Yokohama to-day. Among her
pasengers was Captain Hill, who took
the Japanese cruiser Nisshin from Ge
noa to Yokohama, and he gives a most
interesting account of the trip, which
Included a race with the Russian
cruiser Aurora in the Red Sea and the
escape of the Nisshin and Kasaga from
possible capture by the Russian squad
ron.
President Promulgates an Order Adding to the
Rigidity of American Neutrality.
Japanese Admfrals Say Their First Object Is Port
/ Arthur's Capture at Any Cost.
The above map shows the points oc
cupied by the Russian and Japanese
land forces and the significance of the
strategic move j of the Japanese in
landing at Takushan and driving the
Russians from Fungwangcheng, cut
ting the line of communication by the
great "Peking road" of the Russian
forces on the Yalu River with Hat
ching, on the railroad from Port Ar
thur to Mukden. The Japanese thus
gain a near point of approach to the
railroad, but at the same time put
themselves between two bodies of their
enemy. They have a line of retreat
to Takushan. however. The Russians
on the Yalu River are also placed be
tween two hostile armies, but can re
treat up the Yalu to Chosan, and thence
by Fensulinjr to Liaoyang or Muk
den, unless cut off by a Japanese force
advancing: west from Gensan or Won
san. Quick action on the part of either
force wilL bring something decisive out
of the present situation.
POINTS OCCUPIED
BY RIVAL ARMIES
IN THE FAR EAST
SANTIAGO. Chile. March 10. — The
Government is agrain discussing- the
proposal to sell the battleship Capitan
Prat arA the cruiser Chacafcueo to an
American firm. A decision will be
arrived at shortlv.
Chile* May PcH the Warships.
£j*cl»I Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. l«04. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 10.— The
Novof Vremya says: "We can scarcely
accept of England's professed friend
ship idea, in view of the English expe
ditions to Tibet and the declaration
that England Is sending the latest type
of improved cannon and rifles to her
Indian frontier, and of her having sub
sidized the steamers of the Canadian
Pacific line and armed and warned
them to be ready for Immediate ser
vJee."
BERLIN", March 10.— For some days
1 aft the Berlin prees has been giving
prominence to all kinds of pessimistic
rumors regarding strained relations be
tween Russia and England. It seems
to register with, a • certain pleasure
various phases of the newspaper war
now going en between the two coun
tries.
The most sensational of all recent
rumors is one given currency by the
Berliner Tageblatt. According to Col- |
onel Gadke, the Berliner Tageblatt's
military correspondent, at present in
St. Petersburg, in military circles in
the Russian capital the outlook regard
ing relations with Great Britain in the
near future is etill pessimistic. The
jreneral idea is that war with England
will be the natural consequence of the
Russo-Japanese conflict, and prepara
tions are already being made for this
eventuality — so much so that, by order
of the Minister of Marine, leasing of
villas on the island of Kotlin is strictly
prohibited or mnst be broken off, since
the island is required by the Admiralty
for the erection of fortifications. A
similar prohibition also applies to vari
ous localities on the Finnish and Baltic
roasts.
News from a reliable source is also at
hand of armaments on the frontier of
Turkestan. These reports are so ex- t
traordinnry that und<»r ordinary cir
cumstances they would <<je passed over
as mere inventions, but Colonel Gadke
is an officer of distinction, who ranks
as one of the leading military writers
in Germany, and as he writes above his
sipnature "ne may assume that he
thoroughly recognizes the gravity of
the statements he makes.
Further communications from the
Caucppus express the conviction that
prevails there that Russia' is fully pre
pared to march against India, but that
it is not decided whether the advance
>vill be made through Persia or through
tlr* Pamirs.
Berlin new^r-ap^rs also give prom
inence to statements cf the Novoe
Vr'-mya that trouble is growing in
Persia and that Teheran Is full of Eng
lish secret ajrents, who are seeking to
excite the population against Ru??ia by
f-xafrgeratircr reports of Japanese vic
tories. The semi-official press continues
to lav stress on th» close friendship
now exifctirs; between Germany and
Russia.
"Germany." says th? Post this even
ing, "was for many years slandered
by the pan-Flsvist pros?, but now Rus
sia realir^F that her true friend is Ger
many. If Gerrrany and Russia Ftnnd
toeether, tbey have nothing to fear
frrm any Francc-Anglo-Ita!5an coal!-'
tion."
The Daily Mall believes the alleged
presence of Japanese at Fungwans
cheng is finally disproved by the news
that there has been an Important en
counter between Japanese and Russian
soldiers near Pingyang, 150 miles to
the south of Fungwangcheng.
ALLEGED HEAVY
RUSSIAN LOSSES
OX YALU RIVER
"It Is more than probable that thtj
successive alarms at Posslet Bay and
Liangehen were only designed to create
scares that would keep the Russians in
uncertainty at every point of the Ion?
line in order the more easily to effect
a landing where the Japanese had made
no demonstration. Therefore. I am in
clined to think it is probabl*», though
still uncertain, that the news of yes
terday will so far be substantially con
firmed that we shall find the Japanese
have landed virtually unopposed some
where on the northern shore of Korea
Bay. probably in the neighborhood »t
Takushan. and that from there they
have advanced -to Fungr'va.nsehen*',
pushing on an advanced detachment to
Tatungling." *
News of a series of minor Japanese
victories on the frontier would not
surprise the German experts, for th«
reasons stated. . In fact, they have ex
pected to hear of Russian "retreats."
and believe the Slav is pursuing his
ancient strategy, falling back until the
pursuit reaches ground where he can
deal a crushing blow. Whether the
shrewdness of the Japanese leaders
will prevent their being lured Into a
trap remains to -be seen, but It Is
feared that the flush of seeming vic
tory will prove the undoing of the
Orientals in their first brush with the
trained leaders of a European army.
LOXDOX, March 11.— Most of. the
newspaper commentators on the Far
Eastern military and naval situation
this morning content themselves with
pulverizing the reports of a Japanese
invasion of Manchuria and of a re
newed bombardment of Port Arthur.
The tnilitary correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph, however, writes:
German military men are of the be
lief that the Japanese are being lured
on to disaster by tactics which have
characterized the Muscovite in all of
his wars. "Beware of the Russian re
treat" is a maxim in European armies.
Russan leaders long ago learned the
effectiveness of pretending defeat ana
falling back, luring the pursuing army
far from its base of supplies and strik
ing a crushing, blow when the enemy
had been placed at a disadvantage.
It is felt that the Japanese, because
of their lack of cavalry, must be par
ticularly cautious in their advance in
Manchuria and that they should make
no forward movement except in
strength sufficient to hold any position
they may capture and at the same time
protect their line of communications.
It has been expected from the outset
in local military circles that the Rus
sians would feign defeat and fall back
in Manchuria until the Japanese forces
had been attracted far inland. Then,
while the infantry attacks in front, a
swarm of Cossacks would be hurled
down the flanks of the Japanese.
Should the "little brown men'* ever
meet a reverse and be compelled to
fall back, they v would find a Cossack
horde on all sides, like hounds worry-
Ing a fleeing stag. * ; f
BERLIN*. March ll.-Gennan mili
tary experts are disposed to accept
with reserve the reports that a Jap
anese force has landed In the rear of
the Russian position on the Yalu and
captured Fungyangcheng. The dar
ing of this dash, which, if made at a 11.
rnusf have been by a comparatn , ely
small force, would excite admiration,
but at the same time there is a dis
position to criticize the movement on
strategical grounds. If the Japanese
have occupied the Manchurian terri
tory reported in the dispatches, their
position would be extremely critical
should the Russian forces on the Yalu
and along the Manchurian railroad
i»ake a combined attack. Unless th-s
Japanese force is exceedingly strong,
which can scarcely be the case, con
sidering the quickness with which its
landing was effected, it Is so far out
numbered by the Russians that the
latter should sweep it back into tha
sea.
Herald Publishing Company.
Greater Struggle May
Follow That in
Far East.
Fear Brown Men Are
Being Lured on
to Disaster.
Alarming Rumors Are
Circulated on
Continent.
German War Experts
Doubt Wisdom
of Japan. .
RUSSIANS REGARD WAR WITH BRITAIN AS NATURAL RESULT OF PRESENT CONFLICT
THE SAN . FRANCISCO. CALL, FRIDAY* MARCH 11, 1904.
The average price of a bushel is 25 U
cents.: ,; ¦ ¦
The average family ini the United
States hag four and seven-tenths per
sons. . . •.-..-. t
Japanese Steamship Wrecked.
YOKOHAMA. March 10. — The Jap
anese steamship Shihshlu Maru has
been wrecked off Chemulpo, Korea.
Both ship and cargo were lost. "
France produces more than twice aj
many potatoes as the United Stated.
PARIS, March 11. — In spite of .official
reticence and denials from the Japanese
legation here, it is affirmed that a non
commissioned officer named, Martin,
who was employed in the Ministry of
Marine and who Is now under arrest,
attempted to. sell French naval secrets
to' a naval attache at the Japanese le
gation.
The discovery of this alleged attempt
came as a result of the accidentalopen
ing of a letter addressed to the non-
LONDON, March 11.— The Times
publishes a dispatch from Tokio say
ing the ice on the Yalu River has be
gun to melt. Japanese scouts have
encountered forty Cossacks, the cor
respondent continues, at Kazan, flfty
eight miles north of Pingyang, on the
road to WJju.
Scouts Encounter Cossacks.
YINKOW, March 10.— The concentra
tion of troops, at the Russian strate
gical base has resulted in much suffer
ing - among: the Chinese inhabitants,
especially at Liaoyang, where even pri
vate buildings have . been appropriated
to accommodate the soldiers, and thou
sands of J Chinese are consequently
without homes. "V
Russian troops are encamped at all
the essential points along the railroad.
RUSSIANS MAKE
BARRACKS OF
CHINESE HOMES
6
'West. Ziort2i and South That Stuart's
3>7B?eps!ji Tablets Is Wasls&r Against
All Forms of stomach Trouble
C&n Only End One Way.
Dyspepsia Will Be Driven Off the Earth.
The great ami' effective work of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets: is no longer
confined to America. They are being
used now all over the world, for their
fame has spread throughout foreign
countries and they cure dyspepsia in
all lands and ell climates Just as well
a« they do at home. In fact, sur-
roundings and conditions never inter-
fere with the successful work of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets,- not even
the conditions of the stomach itself.
They go ahead in their own natural
way regardless of the stomach and
digest the food that the bad stomach
canaot digest and permit that organ
to do just as It pleases, rest up, take
a vacation, get well or what not The
stomach, however, always makt;3 It a
point to get well when it has nothing
«*lse to do. That's what stomachs al-
ways have done and will continue to
do whon they have the opportunity.
•A prominent Detroit physician says:
"I prescribe Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
for all cases of stomach trouble. I
have tried many prescriptions, includ-
ing a number of my own, but find
nothing that gives such universal re-
lief as this remedy. They are natural,
harmless and thoroughly effective in
their work. and. while I have a natural
ciitipathy to patent medicines, I do
not hesitate to prescribe and recom-
mend Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets on all
occasions."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box.
They are so well known and their
popularity is so great that a druggist
would as soon think of being" out of
alcohol or quinine. The above testi-
monial of the physician is no excep-
tion... In fact physicians are prescrib-
ing them all over the land and if your
own doctor is real honest with you he
will tell you frankly that there Is noth,
ing on earth so good for' dyspepsia as
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. ".
THE WAR
IN THE EAST
ADVEHTISEEIENTS.the amount of the shortage will be se
cured.
A Pinkerton detective still has Mc-
Geoghegan* In custody ; and will be with
him until the- surety company is reim
bursed or -the former ex-Treasurer ; Is
arrested.
Los Angeles Is Drenched. . :
LOS ANGELES, March 10. —The
heaviest rainstorm of the season pre
vailed over Southern California this
afternoon and evening. Rain * began
falling at ! o'clock and continued
-steadily until 10 o'clock to-night' The
streets in the lower parts of the city
were running full of water this even
ing, but no damage aside from a few
washed-out sewers occurred. Thp
storm is opportune and will do (ood
to crowing crops'
McGeoghegan, accompanied by Mr.
Robertson of. the surety company,
went before City Justice Davison late
this afternoon and , McGeoghegan : se
cured a search ' warrant against Wil
liam Taaffe, alleging -that he possessed
a key to the" Inner vault of the Treas
urer's office. McGeoghegan alleged
that on or about January 10 Taaffe had
a key made for the .vault, and that he
might use it without warrant. . Chief
of Police Carroll served the warrant
this' evening and Taaffe surrendered
the key without complaint He said
that McGeoghegan had ( told ; him to
have it, made.' Taaffe acted as a dep
uty under McGeoghegan. .
McGeoghegan has engaged Attorney
Rosenthal for' his defense. The friends
of -th« Treasurer are raising -some
money and to-night they, feel confident
Tt was stated that this resolution
does not empower the Mayor to prose
cute MoGeohegan for appropriating the
city funds. J
Assistant District Attorney Coolidge
and HI S. Bridges of the City Attor
ney's office were interested spectators
at the Council meeting. Their pres
ence at the meeting gives rise to the
belief that the District Attorney's of
llce will place the matter' before the
Grand Jury. i
Attorney D. M. Burnett was present
in the interest of William Taaffe, who
acted as deputy to McGeoghegan.
There has been some insinuations that
Taaffe knew of the shortage. Taaffe
denies taking any of the coin or know-"
ing of a shortage.
sider the different phases of Mc-
Geoghegran's case. The Mayor read
the report of Expert Keane, the with
drawal of the surety companies
from McGeoghegan's bonds and the
Treasurer's resignation.
Henry D. Matthews, Councilman-at
large, was appointed City Treasurer by-
Mayor "Worswlck, and the Council
unanimously confirmed the appoint^
ment. The new Treasurer has been
chairman of the' Finance Committee of
the City Council for some time, and his
knowledge of affairs will be a great
help in straightening out the entan
glement. Matthews is a prominent
business man of this citi^.
Councilman . Hubbard introduced a
resolution, which was adopted, that
the Mayor be instructed , to take all
legal steps to recover .from Thomas J.
McGeoghegan and his sureties the
amount of the shortage in the office
of Treasurer and to do all other acts
and things necessary to protect the in
terests of the city.
GRAND JURY 3IAY ACT.
A special meeting of th« City Coun
cil was held this afternoon to con-
McGeoghegan sent his resignation
v as Treasurer to Mayor Worswick to
day. It was a very 'short document
and McGeoghegan asked to be re
lieved of his duties at once.
Keane's report shows an increase of
$900 more than given by Messrs. Lloyd
and Robertson.
Charles J. Keane, who experted the
books for Mayor Worswick, states in
his report:
"I have made an examination of the
affairs of said office and I find from a
comparison of the account-books* in
the office of the City Clerk in and for
the city of San Jose with those of the
City Treasurer that there is a deficit
in the funds of said city amounting to
not less than $7916 32. . A 'full and
complete report will be furnished
your Honor as soon as practicable."
From the cursory examination made
Keane is not . prepared to say just
when the money was taken. He
says the defalcation may be greater
than what he has found. Keane ex
perted the books back to July 1, 1902,
when the "Worswick administration
came into power. The books will be
experted back to the appointment of
McGeoghegan as City Treasurer at
the time of the death of the late J. X.
Ewing, more than five years ago.
INCREASE IX SHORTAGE.
SAX JOSE. March 10. — An increase
of. City Treasurer McGeoghegan's
shortage to $7916 32. his resignation
and the appointment of H. D. Matthews
as City Treasurer were to-day's de
velopments in the sensation growing:
out of the defalcation in the Treas
urer's office. /
Special Dlapatch to The Call
Books of City Treasurer
McGeoghegan Are in
Bad Shape.
DISGRACED SAN JOSE OFFI
CIAL. AND HIS SUCCESSOR
IX OFFICE.
DEFALCATION
AT SAN JOSE
GROWS LARGER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY. MARCH^ 11, 1904.
7
EXCEPTIONAL VALUES
IN
Forniture for Ball, Library, Parlor, Dining Room
and Bedroom; als6 Lace Cnrtains, Draperies,
Upholstery, Oriental and Domestic Rngs : : :
111 tit ncrt deiirtU* ftylei are entraced in this sals W« cite
t few ezasplss of cnuscal ncrit.
BROWN COLONUL CHAIRS-Wood seats, OO nfl
$3.50, reduced to OZ.UU
ALL BIRDSE YE MAPLE BED— Very" hand- OQfi flfl
some. $48.00, reduced to OjUiUU
PARLOR SUITE, TWO PIECES-Solid
Mahogany; inlaid; npholstered in Silk o*\r nn
Tapestry, $60.00, reduced to .duOi UU
PRINCE HENRY ALL BRASS BED— 5 CQft fifl
feet wide, $125.00, rednced to O dUi UU
IKTAHO&ANY DAVENPORT-With large
Armchair to matoh; npholstered in best
figured VeJour, $167.50 (two pieces) re- Of 0E flfi
ducsd to 0 1 ZUi UU
CHLWONIBR, CARVED MAHOGANY- Pmn nn
Very massive, $145.00, rednced to OIUUiUU
rrrtitses ntde crrirg tie nla sty le left to nit the buyer's eoa-
rrsiexee, Imt csntot be exehaaged or returned.
i
114-122 POST STREET
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AMT/FEMENTS.
TO-MORROW (.Sat.) AFTERNOON at 3
HOMER DAVENPORT w^h Etches
••THE POWER OF A CARTOON."
•_•" Skotrh^is r>iBtrihate<5 Atnonir the Audience.
frg.it f I, 7T>c and 5Wc. *t Sherman. Clay & Co.'a
"NEW ZEALAND"
Tour Chat< on This Interesting Country
B7 KATE JAKTSCH
T71th Hovinz Pictures aad Colored View*
Monday. Wednesday. Frid«y N!«rht«. Mar. 14,
16. I«. Mi>:ino» Friday. is t h. Spat* !»Oc. T5c
«n<J Jl. Box Office Pherman, Clay & Co."«
harolFbauer
LYRIC H/\1_L
NEXT TUES NIGHT— NEXT "WEDN. MAT.
ENTIKKI.Y SEW rRnGRAlIMES.
>'at>= Nctr Heaiiy at fhtnran, Clay & Co/m.
nDirtC Kvenir.g? 75c. fl. ?1 r-0
I r.iwL J Matins Me. ?1, Jl 50
N«xt Sunday Aft. — Third Kcpta '•Pop" Concert
A BIG, NEW SHOW!
Bairmv^-Lancaster Company: Poet-
tingrr"«i Swedish I^adies* Quintot;
l"erguson and 3Iack: Gillo's Artesto;
Ixme-Hujjhes Duo, and Orpheum
.Motion Pictures. Last times of Xir-
\ana and her StaXne Uorse, "Ix>ki";
(arlin and Otto, and Al Anderson
and Bill Brings.
rie*t:'.ar i!ztlnee« trtrr Wedae»day. Thurm-
eay. F«tcr<!»y and Sunday. Price* 10c, 25c
led ROc.
TIVOLRSSSv
SECOND WEEK «jsd Trcsiendous Succes* cf
Jchann Stratua' Masterpiece.
THE
Gypsy Baron
A F.«naBtle Opera In Three Act».
FIRET APPEAEJLNCE Kf E3CGLISH OF
SIG. DO.MEMCO RUSSO
The Favorit* Tenor.
MATINEE BATURDAT.
EECTRE BEATS IN ADVANCE!
XTCXT MB. 7ZCXWZCJC
Ueual Popular Prices 25c. 60c and "Ite
Box Ecata $1.00
ALCAZAR 1™"
General Manager.
TO-iaCHT- Katt. Sat. and Bun.
Roae&feld'i Kerry Ccnsedjr of th« Tyrcl.
AT THE WHITE IB*
HORSE TAVERMJ^.
Kvgt.. rsc to 75c Mat*.. Eat. & Son.. 25e to 50c
NEXT MONDAT— WAGNER'S MUSIC PIM.Y
PARSIFAL
Flrrt Tlrr-.e* In I>r«tnatlc Form.
Beautiful EfT^t* — Orchestra of Twenty.
SAL.E NOW IN PROGRESS.
Sp'l Prtcoj: Evp-.. 25c to $1: Mats.. 25c to 75c
No On» Seated at Parsifal After t p. in.
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone 6(r:th KB.
TO-NIGnT— LAST THREE NIGHTS
MATINEE TO-MOUKOW AND FUXDAT
i'acnjficent PrcxJacUon of the n\-erl*-tlrx
Favorite cf OW .-a Yoai^ *
RIP VAN WINKLE
HEESCflGCI. MAYA1L as KIP
I-OirL-C LVKXHCGE 10c to VW-
f K1WC3 MATIXEES'..: ibi. 15^
FT. PATRICK'S WEEK. MARCH 14
The Greatest or Irish Dramas. * '
SHAMUS O'BRIEN_
iPkiBV •' vrt:r -S Gooes. geu
USHv :-HREVeT BAHBER CO
7S3 Market »t. aad 521
KeararaU
. AMUSEMENTS.
Does I Satisfy
It I You?
"When everjbody in town is raving over
THE ROUNDERS
The one rplemJid musical production
That has a Plot, a Star Cast, a Beautiful
Chorus, a World of Great Music.
Our ''ALL STAR CAST includes RK"HARD F
; CARROLL. JOH.V P. KENNEDY. JOHN
: PEACHEY. nEN T. DILLON*. HELEN
i RCSSELL. NELLIE LYNCH.
, RESERVED SEATS— NfsbtF. 25c. 50c and 75c.
Saturday and Punday Matin»*B. 25c and 50c
Children at Matinees. lOo and 25c.
CALIFORNIA
fS THIS WEEK. "^S.
MATIIfEE TO-MOSSOW.
DANIEL SULLY |
Presentins His Latest Success, @
THE CHIEF JUSTICE I
By FITZGERALD MURPHY. *1
I SUNDAY. - S"
MR. SULLY in His Last Season 1 * K
» THE OLD MILL STREAM. 1
WULiUEwiBiA ifam mutt
SEATS READY ma^ lnK
JLHl J ilLAIil... Performance*.
Nightly, Including Sunday. Matinee Saturday.
John C. Fisher's nrtip Most Magnificent
Stupendous -'>\ I 11 f* of All Musical
Presentation. lulJ Comedy Productions.
SILVER
SLIPPER
with SAMUEL COLLINS
The SetisationaJ Champagne Dance.
Next "Week— Last Time*, "THE SrLVER
SLIPPER."
March 21— MARY MANNERING.
BEGINNING MONDAY, MARCH 21.
p R f Mary of
1ISK6 Magdala
SEAT SALE MONDAY 9 A. M.
Prices, 50c, 75c, $1, $1.50, $2.
RICE AND~BLMER,
KELLY AND VIOLETTE
&ND A GBEAT SMOVT.~.~
Every Afternoon and Evening ia th*
Seated Theater.
SEE THE INTERESTING BABIES IN THE
INFANT INCUBATORS.
.ANIMALS FP.OM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
¦ VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE. -
T«Ve a Trip DOWN THE FLUME, t
Admission, ioc: Children, 5c
When Phonlg;. Ask for "The- ChuUf."
P^iarP DONT FAIL TO
laUlW tet A9 beautlfal
j COURT Lounging
fl 11(1 room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r i PALM ROOM, the
llf/ina LOUIS XV PAR.
UlttllU LOR, and the LA-
n j |^ DIES' WRITING
Hotels * ooM -
j 25c 75c A safe place to iradi. Our "Money- 75c 25c •*
j^ Quality Sterling top back guarantee" fully protects you. QueenLouise Quality \
I Women's Salt arid ST** % Massage Women's %
I iliil plllf Wmm^mMm WW± i^tSs I
g To-day and Saturdaj To-da.jr only, par CALiroRNia-g ¦ aor.re-r- / ' Our pr'cc, per jn Te-dar and Sirarday V
i IOU |JOC -^-t&ggabtm I* 1 " AMERICA'S GPANDS6T STORE OUC 13C '2
\ Men's $3.50 Pants $1*95— Men's $3.50 Vests $1.45 'f
$ And Many Other Special Friday and Saturday Attractions for Men and Boys I
$— ¦ — — — : ¦ — f — ¦ : — Z :
S Soldier SuitS $1.45 ggg^^^Si sf^^*^ -_ A 6 rclt r« r <:^-"= of theuunds of pece* of v '
I We haveju,: received, oodo.cn of £ WW AM, Y ? U S^ZS"^ |
»; famous Rough Rider" Suits — \\i » ffi| ' | I ¦ Yvh r::fWV:=^ ~\ f^'^ZX^j VtllSS neckwear is madr, prodactd by a ftrst-cUsi
K made of the genuine military Khaki |] \ hi I j^\^\i^:ll[\l^s. a maker, will constitute, to-day and Satur- [«t
5 cloth, fashioned with ardUery firing* of red, \ \ If ffi W$^:z :: &Z : £Z]£g& *U' rfflj', a phtnoaienal %
;»r and altogether a smart .aldierly affair; sizes J I If f \!s!H?HE-: j£^&&J P^*%H>A>>/ XHing *fc » * m, mm . n
» f r bovs 4 .to 14 years; ,h C I HI ,-|^l^M fe^W^ If y° U Safe Of MCIl'S *
?» complete mit . . ..... .&Ma*rO ! ? \\ ? f tf f£y : -'. — ".::'cM Kv>--^>»V« m J ee aa _ 5
S Norfo.ksu.ts $3^0. • 11 If iSiil ®^%^ ?h«e Neckwear i
J, A particularly fetching little Norfolk tn't, in } \\ : |af -' :: U>*^ • col a C C dlT * lt<i • E rtat pttrchaie inu ,"«
J- p:pptr and salt effects, in both tan and gray || *| ||jf . SaiCS two lots: ¦ ; . '- • -X
| ' f If Sale Men's Pa«#s-To-day and Sat- M^,^,^^^ b « 1^T f S
fc » the attractirely low pr.ee. . . 9Ji9V || I | U rdaV Only— ITiade Of Strictly all WOOl CaS- P^=--«— li' correct and uneyuled bwpbi «J
£ Littler Boys* 'Suits mill I f cj mpr pc ; n n mt Aorh- «««/-fc- « «« two «*y»' o?e piicsf- :*
i- Sl^^^Si Illi i^ii|lilP^^i *'"**' i
J, summer are both picturesque and useful; tie »|j! S I absolutely perfect; actual $3 and $3.50 4fr 0 © i? Men's Neckwear— Tecks and four- : n- '%
A = new juvenile department (at the right of the htWfwi va'ucs, at the very spscial price, pair. . «9 0Jl£r«? handa, ia strictly cp-to-dite pat- fQ^ 1
%' • nuin entrance) b showing to-day and Saturday ffitffilffi ' terns, for the two day i, each. . SZ/U \ %
I r^SrS r beta i ?d t Sc Ity!c ' withEun MwM important Sate Men's Vests-To-diy and Mcn . s Union Suils _ A , hasc .;
S T^^ZllXr «%!im : «,1 7 -. B . .m^ ,pec«l port « Of |«.OO t. enable, «, to offer n,^ regular sl S O^y |
£» . , $3-5° «ncy vests; scitable styles for semi-dresf or street ricbrd, »pnns weight, Merino _ -, ,
ti Boys* Mannish Blouses wear— plain white in all the new weaves; white duck with prettv figures, onion rjits at - ' >r
f In Madras and Percale the prettiest and most dots aad stllv . 5f mc-ccrized silk in white and gray and fancy «tf jam ll^*™r^? T 'y l JS2!5 S ?
J useful wa.stpo^ble for a boy; can be used figurH cffecti . \ our choitc of th: entJre lot; for .^ . , . /^fm^f5 TXstJo'Z^^SC 5
*T e ther as a shirt or blouse; all tizts; _-» - * • ¦¦', / , nape pair . . .£«lu <g
*>' from 5 to 1 3 years, each SOC Broken LlitCS SMrtS—^en'* go'f shirt*, JJ r— Men's Night Robes — Made of extra^uality cot- 'jt
ft R , fv»cc»irk- Rln c 6 5 C » 7S C and Ji.oo ralue» (not aU rrcs), to dose .. . *tr£*Gr ton cloth, cnt fuU widdi and length, -^^ X
1 1 1^* 3 fig S| 1 ¦ SaFS^^r? : 5
k new styles Cossack Russian blouses, m striped ? r-»/3 i webs, with either ulV, leather, kii or wor- X
*. Madras, fine assortment of colors, — 1|_ // " W'A /ri'///f >r J<7ttr Size ill these shirts. tt -d ends, with appropriate nickel and gii: *
\ "^ Co^oy Knee Pantf M^'s $W.OO SiiitS $W.OO Overcoats * ! g SOc S
Jt A good quality of material in smoke color, gray Garments that cannot be dap icated Tn e short stylish Spring coat?, of • fCiiltfShut*%r Hats* •*
J. or dark brown; size, for boys 3 to _ elsewhere for less than $1250; all-wool covert, in two shades, Ox- SaHna Stvlh&Rnadv S
J l6 > xa "' pair ZdC Spring and Summer 1904 models; ford gray and ' Ua . y ou . u bc 8Qr . b.t if f h«f^ m V ht * a S
$ BQys' Knee Pants made of good cheviots tweeds and prisc d 6 to find hoW extra well made J^^jSgS^£S£i 5
» For little boys 3 to 8 years, ftnedy all-wool ca .mere... AU have the broad shoulder,, , n£ j perlect fict j thes . j Bsht eur i ed Tim l; ht we ; h and th gof .J
* matenal; thr summer patterns « red, brown, doss-fitong coJ.ars and shape-retam.ng front,, s( f modcratc l y p rice d but then thev hltt - ' m bLlck ' P" rIs and «** *!^» 5
»? royal and navy b'.ue .erges, # o and there 1, a particularly large vancty of pat- y«io moaerare.y pncea. D« tnen tney fi d ,, ' J
g| p^ . $1.25 terns, to select from. would cost you , 5 per cent mor: el ;e wh:re., each ha: guarantee?^ Vyelr. 5^.00 5
|: Women's Fabric Gloves 15c— $4.00 Skirts $2. GO f
* And Many Other Special Friday and Saturday Attractions for Women *
* GBoves tSo Distinctive Styles for Spring Tailored Hats \
I To-Day only w<»™n's Tailor-Made Garments j $2.95, $3.50 $
Z- ' ** «^*"^ , , •• , - In women s tailored hats we offer a very -*
I J A ManuIacturcr'S and Importer's Line Make .ejections early wbi.e assortments axe at their r^^ Iarge vari . t of , im , trimmed an J .«
g 0! Women's and Misses' FisbricGIovcs best. Many 'women dread alterattons, fearing error and Agtf&jfi effective model,, made of plain or •<
I J —Women's lace, lisle and open work consequent dissatisfaction. \V e arc alteration spec ial-(&~gf$V mixed bra-ds trimm-d in fancy «
j j effect,, with solid lisle palms in new «/,. and pride ourselves on being ab!e to guarantee wing cffcct a ' nd rcse::es of , J
J grays, modes, beavers and whites and quick and perfect fitting of all garments. « $2 ~ - <2 q- — J+ *
IjC fast blacks; icrsey wrists, sizes 5^ 5a/s Rainy-day and Run-about Skirts /vV\V\W f 53.50^0 . ". . $1&mOO 5
\h to 7; and taffeta glovevm grays and ; . on i yi r 4l f- w6ol', Oxford gray, even length, rainy-day- L '\^\§&^ Rower Hats— An rmost endless variety 5
i| i^l^^^ i^>r^- f^ i7^ WUe '«^«o/^riS) ofBcw -^v^ v o Kf ige ' with %
I* Missed Ksle^iove, in mode, g ra>- and white, quantity lasts. . ...... . .^^»OI#. f^V WjN AiMJ » ipnnkhng of pink baby roses or J
? *C with i-r?ty wrist; regularly sec 4 EZ^* <6. oo and $6. 50 rainy-day skirts for . . . $5,OO V other colored flowers, and finished ¦*
I J and 38c the pair; choi~ .to : B %2 G $ Q «j^ rainv . day ski rt» for ..... .£0.00 '»'« boW » or » b^«; »« two >«
£ °»y • • _ • ; _. ' ' tI . - , 7^"=t*sT. K^s % »SS=J ¦ alike; each hat a creation 2
J ¦ - ri¥O W©IV 511/1* Styles -Have just been placed on wit- ffo&S^ «f/l /I/I CfO n/1 *#crnn 5
t CnOfil'af \fifinn<Z El4c one cf the new Panama cloth; " ens of mistral, in blacks, blues and tlmir&r * iUiUU, O I^jUU, $ IO.UU -J
J dpeCflf' '"^ '^ browns -blouse or eton, taffeta line! and prettily trimmed; M«1 f'| Children's PoKe BonnclS — Made of
* TO-Day and Saturday .kirts unlined and ei;htr trimmed or plain; fgm gSgilmWpWv, handsome tuscan lace braid, trimmed 5l
** Port and SherrV— 4 >'«• o!d » S aL pr5cC • V | liiS KB in large «tin ribbon bow, ,nd .-»— — -» «
| tf POrt ana anerry .B The Ntw Sbirr-top Walking Skirt -In two mod-Is, one of W/i*!, | hfl streamer,. $6.00 %
tf Cabernet or Sluterne-6 y«. old, gaL.fi^O wh ich is shown in picture -a shirr-top accordion pleated 'MM E \ V'l I *
|fe Ginger A!e-Cantrell& Cochrane's, importtd, sJc ; rtt o f a very fine Henrietta vofle— colon navy, Ml pi 'I I \\\\\\ 8&mm44**m O~»#._ «
J- dozen. $1.5O royal, tan, brown, gray, red, cream and b'ack-jast the ffiWttW ' UVvJi BSUfE&r dti/6 "?
K O!d Keller Whisky— Spring of '94, straight thing for women of slender g* $ f£ KtF% jAMMlHu' \\\-V\V\ C^^...^.^^ -» '«
J- goods, fully matured^ regularly J 4 .oo gaUon; proportion; prce # ««*&f t^/^f'j J. : 7//; i\\\\\ % %
tf for the tw3 dayi 53.25 The other 'a shirr-top, side pleated skirt of fine I =-^^//#! ; //// -ivA' To-day and Saturday we offer 4000 regular si^e '*
jfe Old Buchanan's Whisky— 1880-, regular^ fi in the round instep length, in black, cream, navy, (S./////////. .'UU'C seruires of th; best creamery /%at *
fc ; bottle, tor 51.5O ¦ brown and tan; our price only . £* 4 ?* \2 1/ryU- 'J^r^ butt.v (the on!» kind we ev'er^K >^5 3
J^ Malt Extract— SchUler's b«f. dozen . $1.65 %P 0*0*9,000 offer at special »a!e) per square.*^ m *^ %
THE EMFORIUH.
ADVESTISEMENTS.
THE EMPOBIUM.
the EMPORiiriir.
THE EMPORIUM.
FFTO5T if i[\^ *J3|
A HANDSOME U
PARLOR TABLE I
In GoMen Oak and Mahogany. II)
has 2 4- inch top. brass feet with HI
glass ball rollers. This is a I
specially, good offer, and the re- I •
duction price is a radical one. I
We are also offering other I
specials for the coming week. I
Come and see them.
A. B. SMITH CO.
128-132 ELLIS ST.,
Abcre Powell, S»a Francisej I
<^ JJ
AMUSSlOaiTi
" ' '""•" " '••• • >> •
Racing !^^^^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Radac Each Week Day, Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For ipecial trains stopping- at the track Ut>e
6. P. Terrr. foot of Market street, at 12, 12:30,
1 :C0. 2:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladles and their
escorts.
Returning' trains leave . track at 4:10 and
4:45 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY -W. TOEAT, Secretary. - * V; ;"
I EXCELS ALL OTHERS [ . |
I Awarded First Prize at California State fair 1903 g
Every Woman's Testimonials I
H &%?V 9 i'hTK*Trf rl 1 % x have used v ->ra«r's Hair Tonic for It
M Ull tlllL iylll my hair and found it very pleasant. It I]
Lq #?9 ' -¦•'--¦¦""- has stopped my half froT& falllns out. I f
I B • can cheerfully recommend it. rf
m Every woman should have an abundance of Glossy Hair. MRS. A. J. POMMER. H
I She who lacks it can still enjoy the wealth which nature in- C ° r - Ninth and J St3 "
i n' tended by using this most successful of all discoveries for the pres- ||
H ervation and restoration of the hair. Bein? bothered with dandruff on my H
I ' A! single application of Werner's Hair Tonic stops the itching %- 1
W and the .hair from -coming out. Its continued use produces, a long, duced me to try "Werner's Hair Tonic. P
Eb thick and beautiful growth, and makes dandruff impossible. - After using one bottle I found such great I)
I Oily hair preparations only clog the pores. Werner's Hair Tonic SH."^ * SCalP^ hat B
y is not so/but clean, refined and pleasant. It goes right to the roots, MRS A. E. WICKS H
M creating at once a healthy condition. i220»i E Street, "saeramento. CaL I]
H \~~s- A thoroughly scientific preparation, the result of 20 years* — — — — — [I
jg careful study, and practical demonstration, it is guaranteed by the It gives me great pleasure to state that B
P manufacturers .to cure the worst scalp disease and to make the Werner's -Hair Tonic has proved highly 1
fS hair sprout in every possible case. Otherwise money will be re- satisfactory. My scalp and hair, since {
I funded by any druggist or dealer. y . '" s5S£T ITSSSk 111 " 1 B
I ¦; Price, 50c a bottle. ;. s.ef£S,«£ "T^ Me " m & Stctaon - |
| For; Free Sample, send. 10c to cover postage to Werner Mancfacttiring Co«, Sacramento, CaL |- Our Board of Health, for reasons sufficiently clear, has
deserted the practical field of watchful activity in mat
ters of; health and sanitary reform and has entered with
alarming confidence into the dangerous domain of liter
ary suggestion in 'affairs that concern our physical well
being. What a blessing it would be if we could? only se
cure, a governmental bureau , with sufficient faith in its
own'ability. to confine itself to. a discussion of its* own
business. ' : ' ;i : ; --r-; : . . ¦¦ '¦¦'-• •.*"• .'¦¦¦¦¦¦ ...-",.•;¦'-. ..;..-¦,-.¦
IN all times and in all climes, from centuries before the
Christian era to the present, and from ancient Greece
to fair California, the tensest string in the gamut of
human emotions has been the one attuned to vibrate to
the deeds of a hero. In the hurry and scurry of : life it
may sometimes seem as though selfishness' were the
dominant passion and that self-sacrifice were dead in the
world; that the feeling the Greeks had in venerating
their heroes, even to the point of regarding them as
demi-gods, is old-fashioned and vanished from the world.
But the age\of heroes has not passed away, and at
times we are reminded of that fact by the brave deed of
some hero still among us.
There is no man or woman who will not feel the blood
pulse quicker upon reading of the death of the young
athlete, Sumner Smith, near Portland, Or., on last Tues
day afternoon. .The passengers of the steamer Ameri
can were- suddenly • startled 'by i the shout ¦ from one of
their number that "There's a young: girr* fallen overboard
The Committee .on .Postoffices and Postroads of the
House of Representatives appears to have expended a
vast amount of useless labor in its report, in which was
made a highly, sensational contribution to the postal
scandal. In exposing a nest of- special privileges, shady
influences, political corruption and dubious alliances the
committee would have saved time, labor arid expense by
telling who, of our national dignitaries, were not con
cerned in the /frauds.
AN OREGON HERO.
CHINESE LANGUAGE— A. B. f!..
City. The printed or written Chinese
language is intelligible to educated
Chinese all over the empire.
Just as the numerals 1. 2, 3, 4. 5, et<\.
are understood all over the Continent
of Europe and of the world generally,
but the sooken language has manv
dialects, often differing widely from
each other, so that me*n living In dif
ferent prefectures of the same prov
ince are oftentimes unable to under
stand each other, unless they have
made their dialects a particular study.
Beside* the number of dialects many
of the characters have several differ
ent meanings, according to the breath
ing or tone with which they are pro
nounced or the connection in which
they are written or spoken. In order
to make the knowledge of the Chinese
valuable to a commercial agent in
China he should leari) all the dialects.
The written language is made up of
80.000 characters and each must be
learned by sound. s In the Cyclopedia
Brittanica. to be seen in the referenc«
room of the free public library, there
is a lens and interesting article on this
language under the head of China.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st. abova Call hldg.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mais 1042. •
Whatever else may be said of the civilizing agencies
now in the vigorous swing of youth in San, Francisco, no
one will gainsay our reputation that in the theory and
practice of the fine, art of burglary we have few equals
among the cities of the Union. It is time, however, to
offer a suggestion to the thieving rascals that are prey
ing on the town. Let them rob a few policemen,- easy
and submissive game, and the rest of us may get some
protection in neglect..
With a gravity fitting the event it was announced in
reference to n recent lynching of a negro by a Spring
field mob that the lynchers were in particularly good
humor, orderly and gay to the limit of jest and joke
during their hideous work. Is it possible to conceive of
a sterner arraignment of a community than this brutally
frank recital of an appalling crime that should be for
eign even to imagination in a people bound by the crudest
laws of civilization?
Were it possible to forecast the
rapid development of cities or to pre
dict which of our many cities is to
become' a 'metropolis, the probjem
might not" be such a difficult one, *but
such, unfortunately, is not the case."
Even the most vivid imagination
would scarcely have been able to pre
dict the enormous increase of popula
tion ' and the consequent architectural
development, of modern cities. The
rapid growth of American cities is
well known, but. few realize that the
older cities of Europe have had a sim
ilar experience. The - recent • increase in
All cities, with few exceptions, trace
the origin of their plan to the inclosed
camp, and many still show marked
features of primitive fortifications. In
all early schemes for defense the In
closed square was cons'dered the best.
From the time when wagons "were
merely parked on the plain to the
time when buildings were constructed
with blank walls to the enemy, and
thsir facade to the open square, this
plan has. been universally adopted;
and many of the , great squares -or
market places of famous cities still
show undeniable evidences of these
precautions for defense. In the old
city of Brussels, the square upon
which faces its wonderful City Hall,
is approached by streets so narrow
that they must surely have been con
structed with the idea of defense in
mind. .
Evolution of Cities.
The Southern Pacific Company is soon to work one of
its miracles of modern engineering by which the towns
from San Francisco to San Jose will be carried nearer
to us, to become what naturally they were intended to
be — suburbs of the metropolis. When these pretty and
thriving towns are given transportation facilities now
enjoyed by Alameda County San Fraricisco will receive
its normal expansion and the peninsula will quicken to
the spur of enterprise and prosperity.
APPRENTICES— A Reader. Byron.
Cal. The requirements for enlistment
of a boy as an apprentice in the United
States navy are that he must be be
tween the age of 15 and 17 years, of
robust frame, intelligent and perfectly
sound and healthy. At the ajre of 13
he must be not less than 4 feet 11 Inches
In height, weigh not less than 80 pounds
and have a chest measurement of 27
inches; at 16 the figures are 5 feet 1
inch, 90 pounds and 25 Inches chest
measurements. He may be enlisted
with the consent of parents or guard
ian.
Thanks to you. ministers benign.
In whatsoever guise you come;
Under this f.g tree and this vine.
Here I am master, and at home.
— Atlantic Monthly.
Thanks to you, pain and want and care.
And you. Joys, cunning to deceive.
And you. balked phantoms of despair;
. I battle on, and I believe.
Thanks to you, wind, sent to and fro,
To you. light, pouring from the drjwn:
Thanks for the breath and glory-flow
The steadfast soul can feed upon.
Thanks to you, sun and moon and star.
And you. blue level with no cloud —
Thanks to you, splendors from afar.
For a high heart; a neck unbowed.
Thanks.
A Missouri murderer awaiting execution a few days
since relieved the monotony of the situation by over
powering and binding the death watch, imprisoning the
jailer and escaping to freedom. It is evident that this
diverting outlaw had in mind the admonition of the
Missourian, "Show me." If there be any law-abiding
members of the community left they should show that
death watch a few more uncertainties in the game of
life.
NAVAL ACADEMY — Subscriber.
City. There are private tutors who
will give instructions to any one who
wishes to prepare himself for the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, but this de
partment cannot advertise such. If tha
correspondent will send a self-ad
dressed and stamped envelope the In
formation he desires will be sent him
by mail.
THE LAW — A. B. C, City. If a
young man who has just graduated
from a law college, but Is without In
fluential friends and wishes to start
out in his chosen profession, he had
better act as clerk or assistant in tha
office of some prominent attorney and
make friends. These will in time help
him along when he wants to start ia
for himself.
FOUNDERS AND PATRIOTS— J. B..
City. The order of Fourjders and Pa
triots of America ia a patriotic and his
torical association which was organ
ized In 1S96. Edgar A. TuFrell. 76 Wil
liam street. New York City, is the sec
retary general, and will. If communi
cated with, give all information in re
lation thereto.
AGE LIMIT — Subscriber. Del Mon
te. Cal. The age limit for admission
to the United States Military Academy
at West Point is between 17 and 22
years: at the Naval Academy at An
napolis the age limit is from 16 to 20
years.
'Answers to Queries.
The man who is afraid of burning up
his wick need not hope to brighten the
world.
When a man sets popularity before
his eyes he Is likely to let principle out
of his heart.— Chicago Tribune.
Love is always far sighted.
Faith is the secret of firmness.
Pleasure is but a weed, joy a fruit.
Talents are tools and not merchan
dise.
Meekness is simply the silence of
might.
The gain of love is lost by the love
of gain.
Secrecy is the best soil for the worst
sins.
The hypersensitive are apt to be
wholly selfish.
There is no merit in sacrifice devoid
of service.
Kindness is born of our sense of kin
ship'to all.
The trifling man never attends to the
great trifles.
The heart's protest against. death t s
the promise of life.
Your criticism of. another is your ver
dict on yourself.
The great lives have all loved some
thing greater than life.
Disappointment is not a sufficient
reason for discouragement.
Righteousness is^he only recommen
dation that goes in heaven.
Sin is always a greater wrong to the
sinner than to any other. ,
There is more in being worthy of a
great place than there is in winning it.
Holiness is the reaching after rather
than the arriving at perfection.
Homeopathic Homilies.
"Willie Mdrari Is a typical street gam-
In. He is only about 12 years of age,
but as bright and shrewd as a boy
many years his 1 senior. He is naturally
a good boy, but he will not go to school.
It was . his hatred for everything
that looks like a book that caused
him to be haled before Judge Murasky
a few weeks ago during a session of the
juvenile court. The Judge had a long
talk with him and his mother, and then
called a truant officer to him, gave him
some whispered Instructions and dis
missed Willie.
Out in the corridor Willie met a num
ber of his chums. "Say. Willie." they
asked him, "what did der Judge do ter
yer? Did he send you to der home?"
"Naw," answered the gamin, with a
look of disgust. "Worse dan dat. He
told der big cop wot arrested me to call
at me mother's house every morning to
take me to school."
Compulsory Education.
It has taken a long campaign of education to convince
any considerable number of Americans that they are
the victims of an oppressor who is robbing them of
their just dues, but incessant repetition of the falsehood,
accompanied by every form of slander and libel that
cunning can devise and malice make use of. has had its
effect in the larger cities of the Union and in some of the
strongholds of Northern Democracy. As a consequence
the yellow peril shows itself in politics this year with
a force which appears to have been sufficient to frighten
conservative Democracy out of its wits.
¦ Up to this time the plans of the conservatives seem
to have been utterly futile. They have held many din
ners, at which distinguished leaders have first feasted and
then made speeches, but as yet there has been no agree
ment among them as to a platform or a candidate.
Gorman, Hill, Olney, Parker, Gray and the rest appear
tc have 'lost at once their courage aird their cunning in
the face of the peril, and as far as the public can see
they are making no effort whatever to save themselves
and their party from the fate that impends. It looks,
therefore, as if the chief feature of this Presidential
campaign will be the appearance in national politics of
a yellow candidate -on a- yellow, platform preaching a
hatred of wealth and promising foiK years -of anarchy.
That is the true,"yellow peril" of the time so far as this
country is concerned. '
TO the mind of the conservative Democrat the term
"Yellow peril" refers not to the possible invasion
of Europe by Asiatic races, but to the probable tri
umph of the representatives of yellow journalism , and
yellow politics- at the coming Democratic Presidential
convention. The home yellow is far more portentous
to men of this day and generation than is the foreign
yellow, and to the Democratic camp the portent is very
threatening indeed. |
Yellow politics is of course an inevitable outcome of
yellow journalism. As soon as men perceived that ap
peals to envy and ignorance, vice and silliness couid be
made profitable in the conduct of a low class of news
paper it was but natural the lesson should be learned
by demagogues and similar appeals be made to the same
classes for their votes. The aim of yellow politics is to
inflame the unsuccessful against the successful, and in
that way to divide the American people into classes, in
which the fortunate shall be on one side and the unfor
tunate on the other. • For the further purpose of
strengthening their hold on the masses the leaders of
the movement incessantly preach the doctrine that every
American workingman is an "unfortunate" who has been
robbed by the predatory rich, while every capitalist and
every employer is denounced as one of the robber class.
DEMOCRACY'S YELLOW PERIL.
The Goulds and Rockefellers will
have a mining exhibit m the mines
and metallurgy palace at the World's
Fair. The exhibit will show the fin
ished products of the great plant at
Pueblo. Colo., where $75,000,000 ia in
vested.
The Texas building at the "World's
Fair will be dedicated with appropriata
ceremonies March 30.- Governor Lan-.
ham and other State officials and a
laige number of prominent Texans will
attend,
A typical log camp will be a featura
of New York's exhibit In the forestry,
fish and game building at the World'*
Fair. The camp will be set up at Old
Forge and then taken apart and re
erected at the exposition.
A clam 19>£ Inches In circumference
was recently taken from the water near
Pismo, Cal. The capture was made by
Mrs. Dennis, and the monster will ba
added to California's fish exhibit at
the World's Fair.
Progress is being made on Siam'a
national pavilion at the World's Fair.
The building, a reproduction of the
Siamese temple at Bangkok. Is 125 feet
square. It adjoins the Mexican build
lnc-
Cannecticut's entire State exhibit la
ready for shipment to the World's Fair.
A meeting of the State commission will
be held April 29 In the Connecticut
building when It will have been . com
pletely furnished.
St. Louis Notes.
When we take into consideration leading events in the
Far Eastern situation, Admiral Togo's insistence in firing
shells into the Retvizan every time he takes an excur
sion past Port Arthur seems to be particularly unkind.
The Russians haven't done anything to the distinguished
sailor and don't seem inclined to do so.' As fighters the
Czar's warriors appear to be the most peace-loving fel
lows on earth.
Mr. Hill instantly saw the point. His
general counsel had saved the company
millions of dollars by preventing litiga-
.Two or three years ago James J. Hill,
passing' through the offices of one of
bis corporations, noticed the general
counsel tilted back in hits chair placidly
reading a novel. This rather -nettled
him, for Mr. ii HI is business from the
soles of his feet to the hair of his head.
"How can you find time to read
no\-els in business hours?" he demand
ed of the lawyer.
. "You oupht to be glad." calmly re
sponded the attorney, "that you have
a lawyer smart enough to keep you out
of litigation so that he has time to read
novels." .
The corporation lawyer does not
necessarily make en imposing figure in
the courts.. His duty, in fact; is more
to keep his client out of litigation than
to defend him jn it. ,. :
Why did Elihu Root resign from
the Cabinet, although he was, accord
ing to President Roosevelt, the great
est man in the service of any Gov
ernment in the world? Because he
rould no longer remain as Secretary
of War when he could earn as a law
yer serving the great financial inter
ests ever eager to secure the ablest
talent :n the country at least six
times what the Government paid him
as Secretary of War. His five years'
service for the United States must
have cost Mr. Root in loss of Income
what would by most people be consid
ered a large fortune.
John W. Griggs, who made one "of
the arguments before the Supreme
Court in behalf of the Northern Se
curities Company, was Attorney Gen
eral in JIcKinley's Cabinet, but found
the emoluments of a corporation law
yer more attractive than the distinc
tion of public office. Curiously enough
the opposite is true of the present At
torney General, Mr. Knox, who, al
though a corporation attorney, gave
up his practice to enter the Cabinet,
and made a very able argument
against the Northern Securities Com
pany in reply to Mr. Griggs.
. A great lawyer who has not yet suc
cumbed to the temptation of a rail
road corporation's fee is United States
Circuit Court Judge Grosscup, who
has steadfastly resisted every effort to
move him from his present position,
which he regards as a splendid plat
form from which to address the coun
try on the necessity of corporation re
form by Government regulation and
publicity.
As a rule the corporations ar«f bet
ter served than the Government itself,
because th«* former are able to pay
more for high-class brains. This is
particularly true of. the railroads.
Such men as Francis L. Stetson, coun
sel for several of the Morgan roads;
George R. Peck. ex-Judge Dillon, ex-
Senatdr Woleott and Dodd and Elliott
of .the Standard Oil Company are the
kind that naturally find their place in
the service of great capitalistic inter
ests.
The rewards of professional service to
corporations are so large as to reduce
to a minimum the attractions of inde
jiendeiit practice or of political distinc
tion. Mr. Cromwell has with notable
success served as legal adviser of cor
porations and financial interests, and in
this commercial age, when everything
is measured by money— the $ mark be
ing the only insignia of American a ris- %
tocrac-y—to earn a $2,000,000 fee in one
great negotiation is regarded as a
more tempting reward than even the
applause of a Senate.
Rev. Donald Sage Mackey. quotes An
drew Carnegie as saying that "the
fundamental weakness of all trusts is
tl-at they cannot monopolize brains."
"What he meant by this was that while
trusts might be able to monopolize raw
material, methods of manufacturing
and agencies for sale, they could not
monopolize the brains that may dis
cover new sources of raw product, in
vent new systems of manufacture and
new ways of advertisement and sale.
In a sense this is true. But the cor
porations go very far toward establish
lishing a monopoly of the best brains.
That is to say, they are able to com
mand their services by the large pala
lies and fees which they alone have the
means to pay.
It was recently announced that Ed
ward M. Shepard had resigned as coun
sel of the rajid transit commission of
New York City— a $10,000 salaried posi
:ion — to become counsel to the Penn
sylvania Railroad at a salary not made
public, but reported to be in the neigh
borhood of 550,000. That means that the
Pennsylvania Railroad is able to buy
cae of the best brains in the country,
and that the offer it made to Mr. Shep
ard was so tempting that he not only
resigned his place in the government of
the city, but in large measure sacri
ficed his political ambitions. Mr. Shep
ard is not only an able lawyer, but one
of the keenest . political pamphleteers
in the United States, and- his friends re
gard him as measuring up to Presi
dential standards, but as counsel for a
great railroad corporation his political
availability is much diminished 4
UX GEBEXO P. PRATT.
(Editor Wall Strwt Journal. Author of "The
Work of Wall Street.")
(Copyright, i:*>l, by Joseph B. Bow!<»s.)
Of the $40,000,000 which the United
States is to :>ay for the Panama canal
one-twentieth, or $2,000,000, will go to
William Nelson Cromwell, counsel for
the Panama Railroad, who negotiated
the sale of the canal to this Govern
ment. This is said to be the largest fee
ever paid .to an American lawyer.
Corporation Lawyers.
Berlin has exceeded that of Chicago,
and what is true of Chicago is true of
many other European centers. It is
then not surprising to note that in
Hanover, Hamburg, Nuremburg. Lelp
sic. Leignitz, St. Johann a Saar and
Magdeburg, modern municipal build
ings of great importance have recently
been or are now being constructed.—
Architects' and Builders* Magazine.
The convict Jumped as if he felt the
bullet. The game continued. A sec
ond time the ball sped across the line.
HeedlSbsly a player ran. As he bent
down to pick up the sphere crack!
sounded a rifle shot.
The bullet pinged and struck the ball,
smashing it out of the convict's hands
as he was stooping. The shot was that
of a skilled marksman. It was not to
kill, but to Impress the convicts that
dead iines mean something now at Fol
som.
It's no fun being a convict at the
State penitentiary at Folsdm since the
big break last summer. Reform is the
order of the day, and Warden 'Archi
bald yell has not Wn a bit squeamish
In the vigorous methods he has adopted
to. keep his 900 desperate wards in line.
Guards have learned to shoot, to shoot
straight and to shoot quickly. Dead
lines mean warning of death nowadays
to the disobedient stripe wearers. For
example:
In the prison yard where the out
break occurred the deaa lines have
been closely drawn. To step over the
mark means sqmething serious. One
Sunday afternoon recently convicts
were playing baseball in the yard. A
batted ban rolled over the danger line.
A con\*ict ran thoughtlessly and wus
In the bullet zone before he realized.
From the overlooking guard post came
a sharp order:
"Back Inside the line or I will shoot."
The "Dead Liner
Patience, wisdom, purpose and
love' in both the man and woman are
practically certain to produce it.—
And these same qualities in even
one (if carried up to their very high
est power) stand many good chances
of reproducing themselves in the other
during the long and educative years
of married life, and so securing what
seemed to be a fugitive bliss.
Do not let calculation stifle instinct.
It is the fatal weakness of "calcula
tion" — that •.while it Is able 2 to thwart
the marrying impulse in youth, it is
impotent to reanimate that impulse
in maturity.
If you. do. not. marry. when you want
to you will not. marry, when you wish
to.
Undoubtedly marriage is in a cer
tain sense a lottery, but it is a hazard
in which the «take is so creat that a
man who will not resolutely throw
the dice is a coward or a fool. The
"absolute whole" of earthly bliss is to
be found in a happy marriage. No
one was ever so happy single but
that millions _ have been a thousand
times happier double. To remain un
married for fear of risking unneces
sary sorrow is like refusing to live in
order to avoid unnecessary dangers.
Especially when one realizes that
nine-tenths of all marital unhappiness
Is absolutely -unnecessary and inex
cusable, being the fruit of individual
unreason and not the inevitable con
comitant of the relationship itself.
By marrying we put ourselves in
the way of enjoying life's most per
fect friendship — the love of the oppo
site sex; of securing life's most pow
erful incentive to industry, sobriety,
unselfishness — the responsibility of j a
family; of enjoying life's most hon
eyed sweetness — the love of little
children; of gaining life's most pro
found consolation — the care of our
old age by the devotion of offspring.
The young people of this age are to
be pitied because they breathe an at
mosphere tainted with marital un
happiness. Everywhere they see sel
fish and irrational people chafing unr
der the bonds of marriage, simply be
cause they refuse to put a curb upon
their passions. On every side the
squeaking of the hinges on the di
vorce court doors fills the land with
discord. That utterly unsettling ques
tion (the very asking of which is a
symptom of weakness and deteriora
tion), "is marriage a failure?"' fills
them with skepticism and alarm.
But if they are to be .pitied they are
also to be blamed. For they are old
enough at a marriageable age to be
able to discriminate the essential from
the fictitious obstacles to happiness. in
this heaven ordained , relationship.
They ought to be able to see that the
obstacles to t happiness in marriage
are no more essential and no more
numerous than the obstacles to suc
cess in business or science or art.
Some people are proud of not hav
ing married until they saw their way
clearly to a "good living." But some
c-f us are equally proud of the fact
that we fell in love like the birds and.
like them, mated with as little fear of
being able to find our daily crumbs.
Did not the good God make us to love
and to live? Why should we be afraid
to do either? If I did not believe in
the right to live and love I should pray
for death, for to doubt those two pil
lars of the temple of existence is to
doubt the divinity who dwells within
the shrine.
¦ Some people consider this a happy
state of affairs, but I do not. They
think it conduces to the general wel
fare to have fewer marriages and to
have them contracted in deliberate pru
dence, a method which I believe to
be fatal to "the best interests of so
ciety. People may, of course, marry
when they are too young; but the trou
ble is that if they do not marry when
they are young enough they will not
marry at all. And, however reason
able it seems that "calculation" at 30
or 33 should make more happy mar
riages than impulse and instinct at "2
or 20, it has never been shown to-be- a
fact.
These considerations, and many oth
ers like them, have made marriage a
matter of educated calculation rather
than inherited instinct, and nothing is
so fatal to matrimony as calculation.
This is a phenomenon that challenges
our investigation, for it is certain to
uc-rk some sort of revolution in the
social system.
The reasons for the fact are not hard
to find. Young women-are able to de
cline * unsatisfactory offers, because
their prospects of self-support have
been enormously increased. Young
men are less ready to undertake the
.maintenance of a family, because the
standards c-f a "good living" are be
ing steadily elevated and the expenses
of keeping up an establishment have
risen with them. Both sexes have come
to desire and demand more out of life
than the earnings of a single sex can
procure. It is easier to be a bachelor
or a spinster than a husband or a wife,
and the mere luxuries of the single
estate are more than twice those of
the double one.
In all the upper circles of society
(measured by wealth and culture) mar
riages seem to be decreasing in num
ber and to be postponed to a later and
later period of life.
(Copyright. 1901, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
BY CHARLES ltlEDERIC GOSS. D.D.
(Author of "The Ixwm of Life," etc.)
He Who Hesitates Is Lost'.
tion and by indicating legal ways of
doing things that were in the highest
degree desirable, but whlcn seemed, im
possible. •
That, in fact, is the main mission of
the corporation lawyer. He may rarely
importune a jury and only occasionally"
address a bench of judges. The char
acter of the legal profession has greatly
changed since the days of Daniel Web
ster and Rufus Ohoate. Little impas
sioned oratory 5s heard nowadays in
the courts. Indeed, there is small need
of oratory of any kind. The real argu
ment is presented in the typewritten
briefs handed up to the Judges. The
typewriter has in large measure taken
the place of the human voice. Read
the argument of Attorney General
Knox in the Northern Securities case.
There is scarcely any. figure of speech
or other adornment of language, not
an unnecessary adjective — just cold
logic. When he had finished his argu
ment he stopped just where he was,
without any rhetorical flourish.
and I can't swim." Quick came the answer from young
Smith, "I can,", and forthwith he leaped into the Wil
lamette River, where Oza Brown, a 12-year-old girl,
was struggling for her life. Smith held the girl aloft
until she was saved, but before the rescuers could reach
him he was caught by the treacherous cramp and gave
his life in sacrifice to duty.
The call to him was tragic and sudden, but gallantly
he met it, counting not the cost, and was baptized a
hero in the murky waters of the Willamette. None
among us can be more noble or make a greater sacrifice
than that made by one who in the first flush of athletic
manhood freely dies that a helpless girl may live. The
name that the steamer bore, American, to uphold which
so many heroes have nobly died, will be honored by none
more worthy than this young Oregonian, and though
from the pitiless tide, swollen by spring freshets, Sum
ner Smith's body may never be recovered, all will pause
in honest admiration at the thought that he gave up his
life that another might live.
The whole criticism is complimentary to Mr. Hay and
to the American diplomatic school of which he is the
leading exponent. He need be no mystery to the
chancellories of Europe, provided they are not so'mor
ally blunted that they cannot distinguish between right
and wrong. All they have to do to avoid nervous shock
or international hysterics is to remember that in all the
affairs of the world in which the United' States has a
legitimate interest Mr. Hay may be counted on to do the
right thing at the right time. With such a plain under
standing Americans hope the several Chancellors will be
able to rest nights and not jump nervously every time
a cablegram is announced.
move. . . . .
What was every chancellory in Europe doing to lo
calize the War that was held up by Mr. Hay's note? The.
.statement is a falsehood on its face.' The only thing
that could have spread the war would have been dis
respect for the administrative entity of , China. If the
chancellories were doing what this Russian says they
were they should all be thankful for the help Mr. Hay
gave them, for his note was exactly what they lacked to
make sure the policy they arc said to have been seek
ing. How, then, did his note come near defeating
them? It could defeat only an agreement to violate Chi
nese neutrality and territory, and if that is what the
chancellories were talking about it caught them in con
spiracy and defeated it. %
RUSSIA announces inability to understand Secre
tary Hay's diplomacy,, and declares that but for
him Europe would be in fine accord and in sub
stantial agreement on the Eastern question. Americans
are not surprised that Russia fails to comprehend
American diplomacy. It is because the crooked cannot
understand the straight. Mr. Hay's policy consists in
doing the right thing at the right time. It is so ob
viously right that no, other nation dare take the risk of
disagreeing with him.
. His foresight was better than that of others' when he
addressed his open door note to Europe and got the
powers to agree that all have an equal right, to Chinese
trade. Impliedly that is one of his acts complained of by
Russia. Yet she assented to it. ' It- will be seen that, by
whoever proposed, that policy was so right that no com
mercial nation dared to dissent, though they each might
have been sorry for the chance to agree. Each may have
cherished secret hopes of exclusive advantages, as it is
sure Russia and. Germany did, but when directly asked
by Mr. Hay if that was what they were thinking about
each declared that it was thinking about something else,
and with unwilling alacrity subscribed to the open door.
It was a hard thing to do, but it had to be done. Re
fusal would have been confession of the intention to close
China against everybody else, and this Russia even did
not dare to disclose. There is no doubt that after that
experience with Mr. Hay any nation that intended doing
wrong in the East kept uneasily looking back to see if
Mr. Hay was in sight anywhere on the track.
Germany and Russia would like to join hands in bring
ing China to the block, and France is probably not
averse to getting across the Yangtsekian'g to enlarge her
Indo-Chinese possessions. Their plans would .dovetail
finely, and against such a combination England would
be quite ineffective. She could not even consult the
triumvirate of interested nations, because she has an
Asiatic empire exposed to attack. No other nation ex
cept the United States could ask Europe if it thought of
cutting China in convenient pieces. When Mr. Hay
suggested the inquiry they all hastened to hide their
carving sets and to agree with' him that Chinese neu
trality and territorial integrity must be respected.
His phrasing oT the condition made, Russia uneasy,
for it required that the "administrative entity" of China
be respected. That means that the Chinese Government
is not to be again subjected to the coercion and duress
by which Russia tried to force the treaty of which Min
ister Conger gave notice to our Government. At least
Russia so interprets the diplomatic phrase, though that
is not her only interpretation. If the authority and ad
ministrative entity of China are not safeguarded Rus
sia would have in Peking a fertile field for intrigue. She
could practically usurp the administrative functions of
China by compelling the granting of privileges of the
highest value in her contest with Japan. Of course it
would be pretended that this was the free "act of China.
Russia would like to do at Peking just what Japan has
done at Seoul, but that is impossible since Mr. Hay's
note.
In sending that note he simply followed his open
door policy. The self-respect of our Government would
have been shamed if he had kept silent. Now it is vin
dicated, and only those who have been restrained from
wrongdoing are .affronted.
The Russian criticism of Mr. Hay is no doubt official,
for it has the Janus face of Muscovite officialdom. Say
infj that "every chancellory in Europe was working to
avert a general catastrophe by preventing the entangle
ment of an outside power in this war when Mr.
Hay's note almost defea.tcd them," this Russian critic
declares that they are all on the qui-vive for his next
MR. HAY'S DIPLOMACY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH ' 11, 1901.
THE SAN ; FR ANGISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . ........ . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager.
Publication Office < *^£&M^ > *> Third and Market Streets, S. P.
FRIDAY .....„.......: :;.. .77.. MARCH n, 1904
INSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8A. W. Hobson of this city petitioned
the United States District Court yester
day to declare the Nevada Mercantile
Company of this city an involuntary
bankrupt. The petitioner says the cred
itors are less than twelve in number,
and that on March 1 of this year the
company committed an act of insol
vency by admitting to its creditors in
writing that it was unable to pay its
debts.
Involuntary Bankrupt.
Catherine A. Brown was given a di
vorce from Thomas Brown by Judge
Hebbard on the ground of cruelty. The
testimony showed that he had fre
quently struck and abused her.
Decrees for divorce were also grant
ed to Elizabeth Muenz from Frederick
Forty years ago ' Celia and John
Siirtpson were married in Michigan.
Up to three yearsago they lived hap
pily and then came differences which?
resulted in Simpson packing up and
leaving his aged spouse. He told her
and his friends that he was going east,
and a few days later he was seen
boarding the overland train. * Since
then he has not been heard from.
Such was the tale told by Mrs. Simp
son yesterday . in Judge Graham's
court during the trial of her suit for
divorce on the ground of desertion.
Her story was verified by several wit
nesses and a decree was awarded her.
John, Suddenly Deserted Her
Three Years Ago.
Mrs. Celia Simpson Says Uer Husband,
In the early part of 1902 Mirowsky
came to this city and pretended that
he was a Russian count. Mrs. Fanny
Rosenthal. proprietor of a tobacco
store at 41 S street, was
flattered by the attentions of the sup
posed count and on May 23 they were
married- He led a gay life for a few
months while separating her from her
money and jewelry and in September
she secured a divorce from him.
Robert A- Mirowsky pleaded guilty
in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday to
a charge of forgery and was ordered
to appear for sentence on March 19.
He had been employed as clerk by
the Western Fish Company, Merchant
street, but was discharged on Decem
ber 2 for misappropriating money he
had collected. Then he began passing
checks on barbers, saloon-keepers and
others purporting to be signed by J.
B. Inguglia, manager of the fish com
pany, which led to his arrest.
Yonnsr Man Who Posed a* Rnssian
Count and Married MB. Rosen
tlial Will -i to Prison-
JIIROWSKY PLEADS GUILTY
TO C1LVRGE OF FORGERY
The matrimonial infelicities of Julia
and Peter Craven, an r red couple who
have been in the divorce court for the
last two years, are being" aired in
Judge Kerrigan's court. A year ago
they were denied a divorce by Judge
Hunt. In the action before Kerrigan.
Craven, besides a divorce, asks for a
reconveyance to him of property on
Oak street, which he claims was pur
chased from his earnings.
Suits for divorce were filed by Lura
M. Cowan against Benjamin Cowan
for desertion and A. M. Kegg against
A. B. Kegg for neglect.
Muena for desertion, Richard B. Day
from Hal;. Irene Day for cruelty,
James. T. McKenney from Clarin'da
McKenney for cruelty. Addie A. Nik
laus from George S. for deser
tion, and Ida Langhorne from H. M.
Langhorne for neglect-
The divorce action of George von
Staden against Anna von Staden, one 1
of the most bitterly contested actions
ever filed in the local courts, was de
cided by Judge Murasky. A decree of
divorce was given to Von Staden on
the ground of cruelty.
ASKS FOR DIVORCE AFTER
BEIXG WED FORTY YEARS
SCHOOL BOARD APPOINTS
CHIEF CENSUS MARSHAL
Xamrs T. E. Atkinson for Place and
Accepts l:<-i£iiaiioii of One
Teacher.
The Board of Education yesterday
ippointed Thomas E. Atkinson to be
:h:ef census marshal and John G.
Fitzgerald deputy chief census mar
shal to take effect March 14, 1904.
As soon as the deputy marshals are
?mployed the work of taking the cen
?us of school children will begin.
The resisnation of Mrs. L. M. Rid-
Jel! of the Fairmount School was ac
:epted.
The board remitted all fine* for tar-
I:::<=-?s of principals and teachers yes
jtrHay morning owing to the unusual
nclenaency of the weather.
Mrs. Sarah Boniface, a probation
iry teacber. was transferred from the
Everett School to the Hamilton
School and Mrs. M. S. Wright, a reg
ular teacher, from the Hamilton to
:he Everett SchooL
Leaves of absence were granted to
Langstadter, Miss H. M. Loehr and
Miss J. Bigley.
Truant Officer J. M. Floyd intro
duced his successor. Officer Denis
Daily, to the board. Floyd is a Civil
War veteran and haa given general
satisfaction in the position from which
he retires.
Dies While at Work
William H. Kidd. a machinist, 70
years old, expired suddenly yesterday
morning at his work bench in the
American Can Company's shops, at the
northwest corner of Townsend and Sev
enth streets. He resided with his fam
ily at 721 Shotwell street. Heart disease
was presumably the cause of death.
Commissioners' Baggage Free.
Customs Collector Stratton was noti
fied yesterday by the Secretary of the
Treasury that the attaches, suites and
families of foreign commissioners to the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition at St.
Louis were entitled to free delivery of
their baggage and personal effects
without examination.
EDGAR J. BOWEX'S WILL.
JS FILED FOR PROBATE
Leaves Estate in Tnist for Widow,
Brother and Sisters to Inherit
Upon Her Death.
The will of Edgar J. Bowen, the
pioneer seed merchant who died a few
days ago, was filetl for probate yes
terday. It disposes of an estate worth,
it is estimated, $100,000. With the ex
ception of bequests amounting to $12,
500, the entire estate is devised to
Mary H. Bowen, widow of the de
ceased, and the Mercantile Trust Com
pany, to be held in trust by them dur
ing the lifetime, of Mrs. Bowen, she
to receive the entire income. Upon
her death it is to go to Cornelia S.
Boyd. Mary A. White and Susan E.
Achilles, sisters, and S. C. Bowen. a
brother of the deceased, Mrs. Boyd to
receive six-sixteenths, Mrs. "White five
sixteenths, Mrs. Achilles three-six
teenths and the brother two-six
teenths. The special bequests are
$5000 to Ida L. Carson, cousin of Mrs.
Bowen. $5000 to the First Unitarian
Church, $1000 to Mary Lindsay, $500
The will contains the statement that
all of the estate of the deceased is
cummunity property and gives to Mrs.
Bowen the right to take the half the
law allows a wife, or to abide by the
terms of the will. In the event that
she elects to take half of the prop
erty, the other half is to go to the
brothers and sisters of tl.e deceased.
to Edgar Bowen, a namesake of the
deceased, and $1000 to Lem Bowen. a
nephew. The will of the merchant
also provides that each of his em
ployes shall receive from his estate a
sum representing 1 a certain percentage
of the year's pay of the employe. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1904.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
g€ ,^_________ i^ , . ~^ mL . - _
ft n y u^ or vercoat in the Mouse Made to Order for
|| — L^0^.£2tMBJ CHARGE on our opening to every customer buying a Suit or Overcoat
r I^K^sS^J^fl CAN BET. Three Scotchmen with . bagpipes and San Francisco's favorite . K^Bp^SBK
l! 20 ° G' y EN AWAY FREE on our opening day? also the THREE first persons entering our WBl||lB|l|
I! store SATURDAY, March 12th, OUR OPENING MORNING, each get a suit of clothes WMmm^^m,
go w^/^J' a I w/\Il/ A .TTL£B^^/£V>%39 A %J%s^r 1 Acll £&6C %3l* ["¦ V^''; ¦¦•'¦¦ '^ -: -^Jv.. j
|| THE LARGEST EXCLUSIVE $15.00 TAILORING HOUSE IN THE WORLD. . - fe^illi|i®pii||S
BB^^^^^^^^^^^ Owing to modem methods of living, not one woman in a thousand approaches this perfectly natural change without experiencing a train of very annoy-
Kf^l Those dreadful hoc flashes, sending the blood surging to the heart until it seems ready to burst, and the faint feeling that follows, sometimes with chills, as if the heart i^^^^*^^^^?/^/!B; #/3^^^^^^fe^^^^y^^ *$M
hUsh were S OU1 3 t° st0 P forever, are only a few of the symptoms of dangerous nervous trouble. The nerves are crying out for assistance. The cry should be heeded in time. 1
\i tf^y* Lydia i:. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound was prepared to meet the needs of woman's system at this trying period of her life, and all women who use it pass through thJ3 7^^Sj^^^J^»«^^^SS
K^^I "I feel it st duty to write you about the -wonderful cure your medicine has " My trouble tvas chansre of life and cramping. No human tongue can describe what I suf- JB&T* Ir wy/ J w s£\ *jf * -J^iS^*dy^e^^ tfTy tH
t].'~C5 " I cannot sar too much in praise of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- and it helped me and I was able to take walks and work some. * /^^^^^^^^^^^\o^^^^^i^^^^^/^^^ X^^l 1 1
Ef-j^g? pound, and would advise ail sufferers of female trouble to use it, for it will cer- «. j am very thankful for the relief your medicine has been to me," — Mrs. V. M. \^/ \\
PfiPii "When one stops to think about the good these women derived from this great medicine, it seems almost beyond belief; yet it is aL ] true as stated ¦
!§??£* For these ills no other medicine in the world has received such xo sxich helpful advice to women who are sick can be had else- K^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^' -/C^SX/^^'^^V 1
Bf'f3il widespread and unqualified endorsement. Kef use all substitutes. where as will he received free by addressing Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, jt^^^^^S^' X^^^^^^N^^^c^* 1
||||| through that danger period "Change of life." The cures of Mrs. Reynolds $5000^^*3^^ UOAK1ASD MAOITaaOl — Thursday. Mar. 10.— "Weather showery. Track sloppy.
6303.1 FIRST RAC1&— Beven. furlongs; 3-year-oldi; sellinr; value to first. $325.'
I^ d .' X Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. #• %• Str. Fin. • Jockey. Op. Cl.
!|1? Hoceo (Photo Stable) 106 6 1 % 1 2 1 2H1'2 ' 1 2% Bell ....... * 8 21-5
«osa g un^annon (Knebelkamp Co.) 105 5 4 xt, 5 6 2 % 2 % 2 l\t> J. Martin.. «-B 1
«or? OI y Grandpa (Mrs. Coffey). 101 4 6n 614n 42 33 W. Daly... 6 8
y.i?2 V U! ? ty M11Ier (P- Sheridan)... 101 S 3 n 3 h 5 1%3 % 4 6 Travers ... 10 20
SoA? il ck^ lttle < w - p - Fl*") 103 2 2 % 4 % 6 % 6 h 5 2% J. T. Shehn 4 9
«o-o Jhe Bugaboo (Epptnger) 110 90 9 9 746h J.Jones.... 10 20
noi^ C- Schweizer (Blasfcame) . . . 98 1 7 1 '7 ft 72 86 7 2% Crosswalte 8 15
H^o J? 1(Jwajr • (Pi«<JmontfStable)... 94 7 68 2n 8 2%5 u, 8 10 C.'Smltb... 20 60
C-»,8 Forest-Fire (J. J. v McCabe) . . 101 8 82 8%8%9 9: Knapp .... 30 100
T\m^—:2tV,, -:B2H, 1:20% 1:34. At post 2 minutes. Oft. at 2:16%. Hoceo, place. 1 6-5;
r «fo w . 1-2. Dungannon" place 1-2; show, 1-4. ..Grandpa ehow 9-10. Winner, br. f. by
if tlce " Happy Maiden. Trained by D. Anthony Screatched — Emtl, " Vaughan. Start
good.- Won easily after an early drive. Second floundering, about. Third easily.
Hoceo Dest. Too mych weight for Dungannon. Foxy Grandpa waa late. Dusty Miller
ran a fair race. Jack Little can do better than this. Midway had speed. Charlie
Echwelzer is a poor "mudder." ¦'-:'¦ ,
63O3. SECOXD RACE— Futurity course ; purse ; 8-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index '.Horse and Owner. Wt St. H.' W. %." Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. ' Cl.
•"• Mansard, 4 (E. J. Smith) .... 106 5 ... In 1 2&1 1>41 1% Travers ... 1 9-10
£2*8 Olympian. 6 (J. F. Schorr)... 114 ft ... 64B5 4 4 2 n. Reed ...... 7-2 18-8
5849 Soothsayer,4 (Lamasney Bros.) Ill • 1 ... 4 % 3 1%2 n 8 4 Bonner .... 2 3
?53.8 Educate, 4 (Hegarty & Co.). 109 2 ... 2n 2n 8h 46 Stuart 20- 60
01.0 Petrolla. 4 (D. McCarthy) 95 7 .... 7 7 7 5 % C. Smith... 60 100
M40 Maxetta, 8 (I,. Jeuness) 90 4 ... 6 4 6 1%6 % 6 4 Holbrook .. 50 100
6260 B. Princes*. 6 (I. O' Rourke).. 109 3 ... 8 2%4 h , 5 % 7 Buxton .... 16 80
Time— :25% :B1, 1:15%. At post 1% minutes. Off at 2:40. Mansard, place. 2-8; show,
out. Olympian, place, 1; show, 2-5. Soothsayer show 1-3. "Winner, b. g. by Florlst
pedalma. Trained by T. J. Hennessey.. Scratched— Dora I, Cherries. Start good. Won
easily. Next two in a hard drive. Mansard can beat better ones. Olympian ran an
excellent race. Soothsayer tired, the last part of it. Others outclassed. *Lo» Angtles
Index 6108. >
03O4. THIRD RACB— One mile; selling; 8-year-olds and up; value to first. *325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. %• % . Str. Fin Jockey. . Op. Cl.
( S» 9) DllYld S. 6 (W. L/ Stanfleld). 106 6-. 11. 1 % 2 4 2 2 1 ns J. T. Shehn 8-2 2
6281 Mr. Dingle. 4 (E. Tlerney)... 100 3 8 4:22 1 h\ 1 n ' 2 4% C Smith. .. 39-2
6281 Prince Biases, a (Baird & Co.) 104 4 4 h 3 h 3 % 3 3 3 6 Buxton .... 8 8
C010 Tamm. 4 (Q. Edison). ..100 16 : 8 % 4 V» 8 8 ¦ 4 1% Connell .... 20 80
6250 Lady Kent, a (T. Wellman).. 104 5 3 h 4 n 5 5 4 1- 6 5 Holbrook .. 3 4
6266 Nellie Bawn. 8 (J. J.;McCabe) 99 2 . 21^6 . 6 6 6 Bonner ' 6 7
Time— :28. :52',4. 1:19*4. 1:47%.' At post 1 minute. Off at 8:05. -David, place. 7-10; ehow.
1-8. Dingle, place 7-5; show, .1-2. * -Biases, show, 8-5.- Winner, b. gr. by Mldlotbian-
N TalIuda. Trained* by W. t,. • Stanfleld. Scratched — Elmer I>. Laocopn. ¦ Start good. Won
In 8 hard drive of two. .Third easily. Sheehan' outrode 'Smith . last ' fifty yards.- Mr.
Dingle should have won. Prince " Blazes ran a fair race. Lady Kent weakly, ridden.
Nellie Bawn quit very early. .-., . . . -
6305. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 4-year- olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. U. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6363 Idogo. 8 (S. Rafour) 102 1 . . . 3 % 3 2 3 1%1 "% Knapp ~ 8~* 7
6234 Quiz.- II. 6 (C. McCafferty)... 107 8 ... 1 % 1 l',41 1^2 2% Bonner 4-8 9-10
C870 Maraschino. 5 (E. J. Smith). 93 4 ... 2 2 2n 2n 3 0 Travers ... 10 IB
6100 Jean Gravier. 4 (Becker) 97 2 ... 7 4 6n 8 % 4 2% Crosswalte 8 15
6174 Pruewood. 6 (J. J. McAlester) 96 6 ... 6 1. 8 3 6 3 6 1 C. Smith... 6 9-2
6184 Hellas: 4 (J.Creely) 104 8 ... 4 1 4h < !{ 6 1 Buxton 20 SO
6244 Benlash. 4 (L. Jeuness) 105 7 ... 6 2%7 4 74 75 Haack 10 15
62&0 Rene. 4 (Lamaaney Bros.) 95 8 ... 8.88 8 Watson.... 10 80
Time— :25*i. :B2. 1:19. At post 1^ minutes. Off at 3:31^4. Idogo place. 11-5; show,
9-10. , Quiz, place. 2-5; show, 1-5. Maraschino, show, 2. Winner, br. ' g by Resplendent-
Idaho. Trained by S. Rafour. Scratched— Gold Finder. Captivate, Skip Me. Sir Dougal
Start good. Won in a drive of two. Third easily. Winner bid up from $400 to $800
by C. McCafferty and sold. Bonner on Quiz took things too coolly the first part of it.
Idogo then outgamed the favorite. Maraschino has bad knees and the going auited him.
Jean Gravier requires strong handling-. So does Pruewood.
6300. FIFTH RACE — One mile and fifty yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. U. Vi. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6247 Theodora L,4 (P. B. Smith). 103 6 3 % 2 % 1 1^1 2 1 »; Knapp ....' 15 16
5599 Illowaho 5 (II. Stover) 108 2 4 1143 *4 3h2n23 J Martin.. 3 5
6294 Outburst, a (J. J. McAlester) 108 6 6 4 n 4 3 4 2 3 4 Bonner -4 14-5
C2CC Virgie d'Or.^ti (W. V. Becker) 103 32h6 6 6 4n Travers ... 9-2 8
6197 El Fonse, 6 (C P. Fink).,.. 105 1 11 1 1%2 2 3 1 5 U, J T Shehn 7 8
6294 Polonlus. 4 (Stewart & Co.)..!lOS 4 5 «4 5 1 53 S<{6 Bell 2 14-5
Time— :25%, :51«i. 1:20. 1:48. 1:51%. At post % minute. Off at 3:4714. Theodora L place
6; show. 5-2. Illowaho. place, 2; show, 1. -Outburst, ehow. 2-5 Winner, ch. m. by
Rey del Sierras -Miss Courtney. Trained by P. E. Smith. Scratched — Rim Rock, Montana
Peeress. Start good. Won In a drive of three. Winner ran away two and a quarter
miles after passing wire. Illowaho is not partial to heavy going. Bonner on Outburst
lost a block of ground turning into stretch. He should have won. El Fonse broke
down. Bell on Polonius got cut off and mixed up In the bad going.
6307. SIXTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs; purse; 3-year-olds and up; to flrat, $325.
Index!' Horse and Owner. Wt St. Yt . *4. «j. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(6109) Lord Wadsworth. 3 (Ferguson) 101 2 8 2 2 U 1 >i 1 1%1 2 Connell ..>. 8-2 " 3-2
6240 Stilicho. 4 (W. B. Jennings). 104 44 4 Sh 4 2nsJ. Martin.. 13-8 8-2
(5847) Atwood. 3 (C. T. Hemlngray) 101 8 .2 2 12 2 % 2 n 3 2% J. Jones.... 3 9-2
5875 Reeves. 4 (Lamasney Bros.).. 107 1 1 % 8 n 4 3<i< Bonner .... 4 9-2
Time— -24%, :50. 1:1715.-1:24%. At post ?5 minute. Off at 4:25. Wadsworth place 1-2;
show. put. Stilicho. place, 9-10: show. out. Atwood, show, out. t Winner, ch 'g. by
St. George -Trophy. Trained by T. G. Ferguson . Start good. Won easily. Next two
driving. Lord Wadaworth never extended. Stilicho closed strong. Atwood quit early.
Reeves was disgracefully ridden by Bonner.
WASHINGTON*. March 10.— President Roose
velt has fixed the salaries of the Isthmian Ca
nal Commissioners at $12,000 per year, and In
addition thereto $15 per day while they are on
the isthmus.
Commander C. B. T. Moore of the
United States navy will speak at the
greater meeting for men in the Young
Men's Christian Association audito
rium next Sunday afternoon at 3
o'clock. By special request the com
mander will speak on the "Making
of a Citizen." Special songs will be
rendered by Mrs. Snyder Johnson, and
the Robson Orchestra will furnish In
strumental music. Every seat in the
auditorium of the Association build-
Ing Is free to young men every Sun
day. All who desire to hear Com
mander Moore should be at the build
ing not later than 2:30. "
Naval Commander to Speak.
The history of the campaign he made
against the wishes of his fellow Mor
n»ons, of his defeat and his subsequent
trial before a committee of church offl
cials was given in detail, and then
Thatcher's submission to the will of
the church was read and put in the
record of the Smoot investigation. This
recantation showed Thatcher totally
broken in spirit and bowing absolutely
to the mandates of the church in that
the consent of an officers' quorum must
be obtained in' order that he may con
tinue in good standing. The purpose
of the testimony was to show that it
was necessary, according to the rules
of the church, for Reed Smoot to have
obtained the consent of the church be
fore he could have become a candidate
for the Senate. In addition to the
Thatcher episode Critchlow gave the
history of the prosecutions in Utah on
charges of polygamous cohabitation
since the passage of the Edmunds law
and the legislation in the Territory and
State which affects Mormonism or po
lygamy. His story was concise and
entertaining and he was Interrupted
but little.
Andrew Jensen, the assistant histo
rian of the church, gave testimony
showing the supremacy - of the presi
dent of the church. He related the
methods of the church, its control by
presidents of stakes and bishops. The
president of the church, said this wit
ness, appointed the presidents of the
stakes, some fifty-three In number, and
these latter appointed the bishops, sev
eral hundred in number. The bishops
could-not act until their appointments
were approved by the president of the
church.- • ' ¦ - • ' '
WASHINGTON, March 10.— On© of
the most interesting and important fea
tures of the investigation of the Sena
tor Reed Smoot case before the Com
mittee on Privileges and Elections to
day was the testimony of E. B. Critch
low, formerly an Assistant United
States Attorney In Utah, who ,told tha
story of the Moses Thatcher episode.
According to his version, which was
borne out by official records. Apostle
Thatcher persisted in continuing as a
candidate for the United States Senate
against the wishes of a quorum of the
apostles, and on that account was held
to be "not In harmony with his quo
rum." ' ¦ . ¦
Shows That Mormons Must
Receive Consent of Church
Before Seeking Any Office
CITES THATCHER CASE
Eormer Assistant in United
States Attorney's Office in
Utah ! on Witness Stand
GIVES EVIDENCE
AGAINST SMOOT
CHICAGO. ] March \ 10.— Mrs. Elizabeth Car
rington- died ? to-day ¦ from s injuries ! received in
the . Iroquoia Theater flre. . „._;
-ST. JOSEPH. '.Mo., -March 10.— Mark Dunn,
the murderer who escaped from the County Jail
here Monday . after locking: his guard in 'jail,
waa -' recaptured " late ; last - night at ¦ Gullford,
eighteen - miles ? north of , St. « Joseph;? after -; an
exciting; chase. t He Is now, in Jail here at: the
point of ' death. . suffering: from pneumonia. - He
will.be hanged' to-morrow. : ..;<¦
ST. LOUIS, -March 10. — A strike of
negro ; roustabouts to:enforce a> de
manded increase In wages a few - min
utes bef ore\ the scheduled ' time. for the
departure • of ¦ the' steamer Gray Eagle
to-day resulted in; the. hiring of .Aus
trians,«and Mississippi River men de
clare that this marks the beginning of
the passing of the 'negro roustabouts.
Other; packet" lines said thatthey,-. will
follow;; the [lead of "the GraysEagle
Company and employ only white men.
Negro Roustabouts Mu;>t Go.
CHICAGO, March 10.— The fight be
tween Jack Johnson, the colored
heavy .weight champion, and John
Wille,, which was , scheduled for to
morrow night, has been called off. The
men were unable to agree upon the
division of 'the money.
Johnson-Willc Fight Is Off.
The premium list of the eighth an
nual dog show of the San Francisco
Kennel | Club was issued yesterday.
Everything points to • this year's ex
hibition as being one of the best ever
held 'here. The show will; be held in
Mechanics' Pavilion, 'April 18, 14, 15
and 16. The entries will colses April 2.
. There is a long list of -, valuable cups
and other special prizes. .Among the
donors, are George S. Thomas, Her
mann Oelrichs, Livingston Jenks, L.
K: ? Wells, W. F.f Williamson,; Cla
brough, Golcher & Co.; Charles K.
Harley.S.F. Britten, J. E. de Ruyter,
E. Courtney; Ford, John Butler, W. - S."
Tevis, Walter Magee/ W. *S. Kittle,
Mrs. Andrew P. Welch, J. , L. Cunning
ham, Arthur W. Spear, " California
Cocker 'Club,, Walter S. Moore, Drv H.
L. Tevis, W. C. Ralston and Mrs. J.
P. Norman.
The Eighth Annual Show Next Month
Is Expected to Be. a Record
Breaker.
ST. LOUIS, March 10.^ — Jack
O'Brien of Philadelphia fought a fif
teen-round battle with Mike Schreck
of Cincinnati before .the ..West j End
Club to-night and was given the de
cision at the end of the fifteenth
round.
O'Brien Defeats Schreck.
MANY VALUABLE TROPHIES
OFFERED BY KENNEL CLUB
Damaged Bat ties hip Sails Homeward.
WASHINGTON*. March 10. — The
battleship Illinois, recently Injured in
collision with the battleship Missouri,
has left Guantanamo for New Tork,
accompanied by the tug Potomac and
the collier Sterling. The balance of
the battleship squadron has left Guan
tanamo for Pensacola to engage In
target practice.
First race — Serenity, Bieieo, Gateway.
Second race— Bill Short. Edreoliff.
Golden Idol.
Third race- — Matt Hoaran, Sol Xilobten-
Eteiu, Oalanthuu.
| Fonrtb race — Prince Blaiea. Th« Frit
ter, Pills d'Or. -i .vv r .'
Fifth no*— Elliott. Albulft, Konll
worth.
Sixth race— Decoy, Billy Moore,
Searcher. ;
FEOBABI.E WINNERS.
¦ " *
The officials of the California Polo
and Pony Racing Association have de
cided to allow the. entry list for to
morrow's racing at Tanforan to re
main open until noon to-day. The en
tries were to have closed yesterday,
but it was thought that, owing to the
wires' being down, some, owners were
not able to send in their entries. The
officials did not want to shut out any
intending competitors, hence this ac
tion. ,v ¦ .-• ¦¦:%-, -,.
Pony Racine Lists Still Open.
Marines Intended for Philippines Are
Delayed by Heavy Storm While
Crossing Continent.
The transport Buford, which was
scheduled to sail for Manila at noon
yesterday, was delayed by the non
arrival of the marines from Washing
ton, D. C, and it was nearly 6,o'clock
before she pulled out into the stream.
Five hundred of the marines came from
Washington and the remaining 100 that
went aboard came from Mare Island.
They went under command of Major
C. A. Doyen.
The Buford also took the following
casuals: Major F. B. McCoy, wife and
daughter; Miss Helene Chalkiadi, "Wil
liam L. Howard and wife, Mrs. W. H.
Shattuck, Miss Blanche Fenton, George
Kennan and wife, Mrs. William H. Jor
dan, Jesse S. Barry, Homer B. Cun
ningham, Charles Jester, J. E. Moody,
Surgeon H. M. Manning (Honolulu to
Manila), Captain George Willson, Max
Dobbins and wife, Mrs. W. F. James
and five children, Honolulu; Ellis B.
Porter, Miss Craig, Edith Grlggs, Harry
P. Hawes, Lieutenant Colonel A. Bain
bridge, Mrs. J. D. Chapman and baby,
F. W. Unger, C. H. Hamilton. Gra
ciano Bantista, Charles W. Slmeson,
William O'Neill and Joseph Moore.
Her cargo consisted almost entirely
of lumber. •
General MacArthur, accompanied by
his aid. Major P. W. West, made' a
thorough inspection . of the transport
just prior to her sailing for the Philip
pines. V'jJ'^'-Ji
The transport Sherman also sailed
from Honolulu for Guam at noon. She
has on -board the Twelfth Infantry, and
500 recruits, bound to the Philippines.
EASTERN* TROOPS ARKTVE
LATE AXD DETAIN* BUFORD
The Rev. William Rader. the Rev.
T. R. Earl, V?. W. Chase, D. G. Dex
ter. E. E. French, Deacon Hayes and
Professor C. H. Ham were als^o among:
the speakers.
C. M. Bufford, for the Christian En
deavor Union, submitted a resolution
In favor of high license in the case of
retail liquor dealers, -which the body
of Congregratlonalists agreed to, Dr.
Rowell saying that If the liquor deal
ers must be licensed the only alterna
tive is to have the license as high as
possible.
A sumptuous banquet wax served In
the Sunday school room of the church
between the sessions.
"Prayer; Its Place and Power In the
Church of Christ"; Dr. George C. Ad
ams on "The Sacrifice of Christ and
Our Salvation" and "The Child and
the Church"; Dr. Meserve on "The
Man and the Church"; Rev. H. A.
Luckenbach on "The "Woman and the
Church," and Rev. E. L. Walz on "The
Young Person and the Church."
Addresses were delivered by Rev.
C. R. Brown on "An Ancient Labor
Movement"; Rev. J. Rowell on
The fifteenth meeting of the San
Francisco Association of Congrega
tional Churches and Ministers was
held at the Park Congregational
Church, Hayes and Lyon streets, yes
terday. Deacon B. S. Hayes was elect
ed moderator and E. E. French sec
retary. Dr. George C. Adams was
elected to attend the national conven
tion of the church at Des Moines in
the autumn, Dr. I. C. Meserve being
chosen alternate.
Assemblage Listens to Addresses on
Vital Subjects Connected With
the Church.
EtfEXLY MATCHED HOUNDS
IX INGLESIDE PARK STAKE
Ninety-six greyhounds were entered
last night for this week's running at
Ingleside Coursing Park. The stake
will be run down once on Saturday
and will be concluded on Sunday. The
dogs are drawn as follows: »
Maid of the Glen vs. J E H; Erebus vs
Rector: Doc Burns vs. Foxhunter; Empire Boy
vs. Little- Mercy: Aeolus vs. Colored Lady
KrlBhna v». Beauty Gold; Don Pedro vs. Bal
endine; Frisky Boy vs. Luxury; Pepper Hill
vs. Intruder; Silver Cloud vs. Lily Tork; Had
dlngton vs. Conroy; Mountain Poet vs. Van
Alba; Tom Hurlick vs. Lulu Girl; Crawford
Belle vs. Rose of Gold; Our Motto vs. Ragged
Actor; Young Johnny Rex vs. Irvington Tra
lee; Una vs. Ouida; Fine Thought vs Grace
Greenwood; Flower of Kerry vs. Firm Fel
low; Shotgun vs. Lady Menlo; Terra Cotta vs
Golden Lleht; Lord Granard, vs. Dartaway;
Toung Fearless vs. Duhallow; Jimmy An
thony vs. Spanish Lad; Master Clalr vs. Prin
cess Savoy; Presidio Boy vs. Frank Dunn; Gold
Lily vs. Icellus; Homer Boy vs. Creswick; Lily
Wright, vb. Heredlne: Helen vs. Full
Moon; Medley vs. Mark Twain; Flaunt vs. Our
Minnie; Lost Chord vs. Bella Lloyd: Orsina vb
Mountain Light; Golden Links vs. Roy Hughie :
Star Sylvanus vs. Slievenamon; Texas Hoo-
Hoo vs. Mollle Mo; Bonnie Pasha vs • Van
Nora; Tralee Lass vs.; Meddlesome; Yellow
Tail va. Reckless A'crobat; Real Duchess v*
Barater; Honest John vs. Spring Valley; Clover
Blossom vs. 8ea Lion; Jerry Wright vs. Texas
Betty; Fontenay vs. Belfast: Little Lucy vs.
Siren; Imperious va. Manru; Hera vs. Equator.
Ninety-Six Entries Are Received for
the Coursing on Saturday and
Sunday.
Sixth rae»»— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; aelllng:
6281 Nilgar (Lelser) 107
6232 Seaforth (Redmond) 107
6294 Decoy (Miller) 107
6179 Searcher (Romigh) 107
0268 •Assessment <Neal) 102
6294 Billy Moors (Rector) 107
6209 •Isabelllta (McNamara) 100
6184 Dandle Belle (Winter) ..105
6244 'Watklns Overton (Knebelkamp) 102
62C9 'Sue Johnson (Fitzgerald) 100
•Apprentice allowance. . i
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; handicap:
6101 Arabo (Jennings) lftl
6190 Daley Green (Kraft) 95
6173 Ananias (Schorr) 94
6282 Kenllworth (Sto\-er) 121
6282 Albula (Lamasney Bros.) 100
(6182)ElliOtt (Daly) 105
(6204)»The Fretter (O' Rourke) 103
6304 Prince Blares (Baird & Co.) 105
(6281)»Fllle d'Or (Klnyon) .102
6281 The Way (Clark) 105
Fourth race — One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and up; selling:
6304 ?Mr. Dingle (Tlerney) 103
6294 Chickadee (McCafferty) 100
6983 Matt Hogan (Magrane) 112
C014 Nullah (McKenzie) 113
5352 'Ballroom Belle (Josephs) 87
6140 Bogus. Bill (Capps) ...108
6195 'Sol I..ichtensteln (Romigh) 108
6200 »Our Pride (Howe Stable) 103
Third race — Futurity course; four-year-olds
and up: selling: <
C200 »Pickaway (Jackson) 103
«187 'Diderot (Atkins)... 115
6162 'Galanthus (Coffey) HO
6291 Mr.-Farnum (McCafferty) 104.
C267 Escobosa (Stewart & Co.) 100
6270 Light of Day (Coffey) 109
6279 Bill Short (Dobson) 112
CONGREGATIONAL 31INTSTERS
HOLD IMPORTANT SESSIONS
Park Hotel stakes, one mile and a sixteenth —
"W. B. Gates won, Rosamond second, Glenwood
third. Time, 1:4SU.
Six furlongs — Shrine won, Paul Whaley sec
ond. Orleans third. Time, 1:14»4.
One mile and seventy "yards — Caithness won,
Xearert second. Satin Coat third. Time,* 1:47.
HOT SPRINGS. March 9. — Results:
Six furlongs — Barney Dreyfus won, Volto
eeeond, Annora J third. Tlme^ 1:16*4.
Half mile — Tom O'Hara won, "Woodclaim sec
ond. Fay Templeton third. Time, :5<H4.
Mile and seventy yards — Cruachan won,
Louteville spcond. Excell third. Time, 1:46.
Racing at Hot Springs.
/ New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS. March 10.—Results:
One mile and seventy yards —Scotch Thistle
won, Rainland second. Master Prim third.
Time. 1:45 4-5-
One mile —Ixicket won. Antagonist second,
Fercnia third. Time. 1:413-5.
Fcur 8iid a half furlones—Michael Byrnes
won. Cashier second, Green Gown third. Time,
:."5 3-5.
Two and a quarter miles —Curate won. Ma
ior Mansir second, Compass third. Time,
•3:50 1-^
Ono mile —Ueer Hunter won. Henry of Frsne
tamar wcand, Lache third. Time, 1:41 3-5.
Six furlongs—St. Merrilegs won, Triple Sil
ver second, AHegrette third. Time, 1:15.
Inclement weather forced Jimmy
Britt to confine his training work to
his gymnasium at Croll's Gardens, In
Alamoda. yesterday. He boxed with
Frank Rafael, • skipped the rope,
punched the bag and went through a
number of other stunts. In the even
ing Jimmy attended a meeting in Oak
land of the Butchers' Union. When
the weather settles Britt will resume
his road work. He is gradually reduc
ing in weight and feels he will make
the require limit without detracting
from his full strength.
Next week all aspiring: boxers, either
a^mateur or professional, will be wel
comed at the camp. Corbett likes to
take on a variety of boxers, as he has
to make a quick study of their style,
which makes him alert and also trues
up his eyes and improves his judgment
of distance. He is wearing light gloves
on both hands at present, but they
Feem to serve no other purpose than to
inako people ask questions.
Corbett'e most satisfactory work was
in the ring with Billy Otts. They went
four, fast rounds, three of them being
of the customary three minutes dura
tion and the last extending over nearly
Twenty-five minutes withput a let-up.
There was a lot of wrestling and tug
ging, the champion letting his op
ponent hustle him about the ring. Cor
liett was in high spirits and kept up a
continual fire of witty remarks at his
partner, besides sneaking in some hard
blows.
All the wires leading out of his train
ing quarters being down yesterday.
Young Corb<?tt found it impossible to
communicate with his betting commis
sioner, so he-settled down to hard work
in his gymnasium. The little champion
was very much in earnest and showed
that he realizes the sej^ousness of the
contract he has on his hands. He is
fairly larded in fat at present, but with
all this he went through more than an
hour's fast work in the gymnasium
without breathing hard. If this is a
fair 6amj>le of the work he will do for
ihe next two weeks he will enter the
i ing fit to fight for his life. He used
the pulley weights, punched the bag
and fought the big swinging .dummy.
The latter seems the best of its kind
eeen here. It is filled with straw and
offers Just enough resistance to a boxer
10 bring his muscles Into play without
any risk lo his hands.
Six furlongs — Evermore won, Innsbruck sec
ond. Fitz Stockwell third. Time. 1:17»4.
One mile and a sixteenth — Durbar won. Mis
tletide second. Eiie third. Time. 1:49)6.
Three and a half furlones— Hilona won. feln
lcado second. R. L. Johnson third. Time,
:43' 4 .
Six furlongs — Foncasta won, Kva D second,
Caroburn third. Time. 1:17.
91aui>on course — Metlakatla won. Nanon sec
ond. Marcea Uiird. Time. 1:11 J4.
One mile — McGrathiana Prince won. Silver
Fizx second. Labor third. Time, l:44»i.
SOOIARY.
LOS ANGELES, March 10.— "J. T.
Strite ruled off and the firm of
Johnson & Dodson suspended in
definitely" was the ruling of the
judges at Ascot to-day, which fur
nished considerable comment but not
much surprise as far as Strite is con
cerned. 'The offense of which the three
turfmen, according to the judges, are
guilty is "collusion in a selling race and
a division of the run-up money," and
the specific case for which they suffered
this extreme penalty was the bidding
up of the winner of the flfth race yes
terday. Grail won the race, and Discus,
owned by Johnson & Dodson. was sec
ond. Strite ran Grail up from $500, her
entered price, to $1000, and" she was re
tained by her owner by the usual $5 in
crease over the last bid. Johnson &
Dodson therefore came in for half of
the run-up money, viz., $250.
Strite has bid up many horses during
the present meeting at Ascot, in sev
eral instances where he had no horse In
the race. The Judges therefore were
suspicious, and when the $250 was paid
to Johnson to-day a detective was set
upon his heel6.
Johnson met Strite and paid him $120
in gold as his 'share - of the run-up
money that went to the owner of Dis
cus.
A steady rain fell throughout the aft
ernoon and the changed track condi
tions proved bad for favorites. One out
of six came in first and liberal priced
horses won the other five. Weather
rainy, track sloppy.
Both Boxers !find Inclement
Weather Unsuitable for
Their Outdoor Training
Eain Falls Steadily, Chang
ing* Conditions So Only
One Public Choice Wins
: Puryear D-Sevens. • v .-_,
0267 Korlnne (Napa Stock Farm).*.... .....102
C267 Anita Knight (Spratt) .^^
Second race — Three and a half furlongs; two
year-old*; puree: " ¦ ; < • •
6267 San Jose (Summers)..... ......105
61R3 Golden Idol (Daly).... ..",.....112
6279 EdRecllff (Burns & Waterhouse)...;.. 106
. ; . .*; Dr. Leggo (— — — - — —) . . rr.~7.": .vrv. v. 112
nrefraee — Five and a half furlongs; maiden
thre«-year-olds and up; selling: ¦. : . • ¦'.-; ¦- :•
C280 'Mendota <Napa Stock Farm) ........ 102
Orchan (Edgeclirr Stock Farm)..<.'....IG9
Ml 8 *M1m May Bowdlsh ( Bla sin Bams) ... .102
C218 Harka (Wentworth)... ........107
C291 'Gateway (Lottrldge) ............. ....104
0242 'Riesca (Boesecke)..:. .............. .102
6278 •The J«w (Wilson) T. . . . . ............. 104
r.RT.0 North West -(Clifford). ........... ....10.
<SR0 Zenonlan (Martin) r .109
niOO *Red Bird (Slaughter) 102
6337 Trivial (Jeuness) .....107.
61&S Moynard ( Storn) it 109
&559 'Lady Athellng (Kyle) . . . . . . . . . . .... . . 102
WX52 »SerenIty (Dayton)......'..;...... 102
C278 Hogarth (Carmody):... 109
6739 The Lieutenant (Stover).;. ....109
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
From present indications a field of at
least ten two-year-olds will start in
the Bell stake to-morrow^ Prince
Brutus not having 'wholly recovered
from his recent Illness, will be an ab
sentee. The following are among the
almost certain starters: Amy J, Arisbe,
Salable, Pinkerton, Henry Ach, Ben
Eric, Eduardp and George P. McNear.
There was plenty of snap and ginger
about the saddle work of "Big Bill"
Knapp yesterday. He landed In suc
cession Idogo and Theodora It, both
long shots in the betting. \
Bell broke it up again badly on Po
lonius, • and the betting # on the horse
certainly did not look healthy. The
Burns & Waterhouse Jockey has been
playing in such poor .luck -' that ' the
judges ruled that in future his mounts
be confined' to his employers' horses
only.
Bookmaker Joe Blumn . and crew
leave for New Tork this morning. Joe,
who. is a part owner of Oarsman and
Namtor, likes the game here and will
be back next season.
Johnny Daly, who was given a five
day vacation for rough riding on Wed
nesday, was not allowed to - ride Po
lonius yesterday.
Bonner rode Quiz' II, favorite for the
fourth, a three-quarter selling run, as if
seated on twenty pounds the best horse,
and "Big Bill" Knapp astride Idogo
beat him out. Bonner experienced no
difficulty in taking the lead with the
first choice, rating him along carefully
instead of opening up a gap of two or
three lengths. Knapp rode a splendidly
judged race on Idogo, and nailing Quiz
near the paddock downed him nearly a
length. Maraschino, a 20 to 1 shot, took
the show. C. Smith was not strong
enough to do Justice to Pruewood or the
mare would have been a contender.
Jean Gravier also requires an aggres
sive pilot.
Theodora L, winner of the mile and
fifty yard run, should some day win the
Thornton stake. She apparently has an
inexhaustible supply of staying quali
ties and is not averse to testing them.
After disposing of Illowaho by nearly
a length at odds of 16 to 1, Knapp could
not pull the mare up. She ran away
two and a quarter miles. before "Big
Bill" could control her. El Fonse broke
down in the race. Outburst and Polo
nius received rides that were grotesque
ly ridiculous.
NOTES OP THE TRACK.
Diminutive Dungannon seems unfor
tunate in being unable to land a race.
The little filly, with Jack Martin on
her back, was extensively played at
the scant price of 6-to 5 to take the
opening seven-furlong run and ran sec
ond to Hoceo. The latter, piloted by
Bell, received consistent support at
fours and led from start to finish.
Willie Daly on Foxy Grandpa took
show honors.
Mansard, which • showed dazzling
flights of sDeed at Chicago last sum
mer, started for the first time this sea
son in the Futurity sprint next de
cided. The books appeared to be aware
of the fact that "Spike" Hennessy had
the big gelding ready and even money
was about the best obtainable. He
had Travers for a pilot and won under
gentle restraint from Olympian, after
leading throughout. Soothsayer, only
fairly well handled by Bonner, lost the
place by a neek.
It was no doubt overconfldence on
the part of C. Smith that lost the m|le
selling affair for Mr. Dingle. David S
opened favorite at 3 to 2, but as some
doubt existed as to how the old horse
would take to the stiff going, his price
receded In the betting, still he closed
favorite. J. T. Sheehati rode him and
at once made play for the lead, fol
lowed by Mr. Dingle. With something
over half the distance traversed, Smith
succeeded in getting Mr. Dingle's head
In front and the pair had it hammer
and tongs to the wire. At the pad
dock Mr. Dingle was a neck to the
good, but twenty yards from the line
Sheehan struck the favorite once .with
his whip and received a nose decision.
Prince Blazes finished a fair third.
BONNER'S POOR RIDE.
DUXGAXXOX IS PLiAYED.
The furious gale and storm of the
night before made boating possible on
some portions of the course at Oak
land yesterday and stirred up the
stones in the track proper. The fences
and grandstand were intact and every
thing else was about as the crowd left
it the preceding day.
The possibility of being wrecked on
Goat Island kept some of the land
lubbers away, for the attendance was
somewhat lighter than usual. Favorites
held their own in the heavy going,
capturing three events.
Unquestionably the last number on
the card held precedence over the
others, for four useful pieces of racing
material started therein Garnet-Fergu
son sent Lord Wadsworth to the post
and was sweet on his chances.
The colt had first call in the betting.
Stillcho looked to have an excellent
chance, and Atwood and Reeves had a
big following.
No mistake was made in Installing
Lord Wadsworth as the choice. Charley
Connell handled him to perfection,
passed Atwood on the far turn and
won as he wished from Stilicho. Reeves
was disgracefully ridden by Bonner,
finishing last.
CUT OUT ROAD WORK
ASCOT TRACK IS HEAVY
Mansard Wins Galloping
First Time at the
Post.
Goes Through a Variety of
Exercises in Gymnasium
With Evident Enjoyment
Arc Charged With Collusion
in a Selling Eace and a
Division of Biui-Up 3Ioney
CORBETT WORKS
IN RARE STYLE
JUDGES PUNISH
THREE TURFMEN
LORD WADSWORTH SHOWS SOME CLASS
BY DEFEATING STILICHO AT WILL
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE PRIZERING AND THE FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- FRIDAY, -MARCH 11, 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10
EAILWAY TRAVEIi.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
vivS/V SA-V^EANCISCO.
V^^^P^V/ (Main Line. Terry De»«*
%JC \JS Tool of ilaricet Street >
».t« - F.OM y-ng^T?. 1904.
ngn^sssLsaaaiKs; 7 7 2
7.30a KUes. Llreraor e .*Trscy. Latorop.
Stockton ••••• •'KiiiiV
M °^ S «.nW^ri$ S^K
Willow* tFmto, «^,. ( , blaff ' 750r
PorUand, Tacora«, SeattW...... *-»w
LOO* Davls.Woodlaad.KnlBhU Landing.
SlarysTllle.Oro»ma. ....•.— ..¦• /a8r
W0a Port Costa, Msrtlnei. Antioch,
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Los fisnos. Msndo U
Anaon*. Hsnford. Vitalla.
Porterrllle •- y-;«« ••* BF
t S3* Po»tCo»t«, M»r:lne«. Trscy. L«t&-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Fresno.
eoihen JancUon. H»nford, ...
Visslla, B»lter»fleld ............. «» o '
• 30a Nlles, 8»n Jo»e, Lifenaore. Stock-
ton, (tMIlton). lone, Sacrsmento,
Plwerrllle. MaryitUlo, Chlcp,
Bed Blnff • -• * 2°'
• XQa Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestowa. So-
nor», Toolumne «nd AngeU ..... fZOf
8.00a Atlantic ExpreM— O*den*ndE««i. 11.20*
8.30a Bichrnond. Martlnes and w»y
Sutloo* --••• •¦50^
1040a The OTerUnd Limited — Ogden.
Denver. Oman*. Cnic.g^ «20j
taOOA Vallejo • — • 12.20*
10.00a Los Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martlne*. Byron. Trscy.
Lathrop. Stockton, Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore, Vls»li«.
Bakersneld. Los Angeles. ...... 7.20*
12.00X Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3-20*
t1.00r Bacrtmeoto RlTer Steamers tl 1.00*
3J0p Bealcla, Winters. Sacrtmento.
Woodland, Knight* Landing.
MaryiTlUc OroTllle and way __
• tation*.. •• 'S'Sr*
S.30» Hayward. NHesan*. Way Stations.. 7.60*
3.30* Port Cost*. Mi^tlnex, Byroa.
Trscy. -Latnrop. Modosto.
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tlons beyond Port Costa..... ... ]2 20»
3.30* Marttnei. Tracy. Stockton, Lodl... 1020a
4.00* Martlnei.San Ramon, VaUeJcNspa, _ _^
Callitog*. Santa Ro»» 920a
400* Klles. TracrrStocktoii. Lodl ...... 4-20*
4.30* Hayward. KHes. IrTlngton. B«»»i ™-*9*
Jose. LITermore I III.oOa
680* The Owl Limited— S»wb»b. Los
Baaos, Mendota, Fresno. Tnlaro.
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles.
Golden State Limited Sletper.
Oakland to Los Angeles, for Cat
eago, tU C. R. I. * P 8.304
6.00* Port Cotta. Tracy, Stockton ....... 1220*
1 530* Hayward, Nlles and Ban Jose ..... 7.20a
6.00* Hsyward. Nile* and San Joi« 9.S0a
S.00* Eastern Express— Og%n. Denver.
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benicia. Snl-
snn, Elmlrs, Davis, Sacramento^
Rocklln, Auburn. Colfax.
Traekee. Boca. R«no. Wad*-
worth, Wlnnemnce* 5 2a*
t.00* Valltjo. daily, except Sunday.... » 7 rq,
7.00* Vallejo, Sunday only I ''"""
TJOOr Klchmond. San Pablo, Port Costa,
' Mirtlnex and Wsy Stations 11.23a
8C5* Oregon * California Exprets— 8ae>
ramento, Maryivllle. Redding.
Portland. Paget Soand and Kaat. 8.50a
9.10* Hayward. Nlles and San Jose (Sua-
dayonly) . 11-89%
COAST LINE (>«rn.w Gaage).
QToot or Market Street.)
8.15a Newark, Ceatervllle. San Joso,
Felton, Boalaer Creek, Santa
Cnu and Way Stations........... 8-85*
t2.1B* Kewark. CentervUle. San Joss.
Kew Almaden, XiO* Gatos. Fetton.
Boalder Creek, Santa Crn» and
Prlnctpsl Way Btailoas fiOSSA
4.15* Rewark. San Jots, Los Qatos and I +3.5«a
way stations ) :10 65 a
•930* Hnnters Train, Saturday only, Saa
Jose and Way Station*. Return-
Ins from Lou Gatos Sunday only. 17 25 >
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAM FIIAN CISCO. Foot ur Market St. (SlipU
-t7:15 »:00 11:00 a.m. 100 3 00 515 p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — 16:00 t3:08
13:05 10:00 a.m. 12-00 2.00 400 *.*.
COAST LINE (Broail Ganve).
I3T (Third and Townsend Street*.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations.. ....... 630*
7.00a San Jose and Way Station* &.33P
8.00a New Almaden (Tues., Fr!d., only), 4.1 Qr
800 a The Coaster— Stops only San Joso,
Gllroy (connection for Hoi lit-
ter). Pajaro. Castrovllle (con-
nectlon to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove), Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Roble*. Santa Mar-
garita. San Luis Obispo, principal
sta;lons thence Surf (connectloa
for Lompoe), principal stations
thence San t» Barbara, San Buen*y
Ventura, Sangus. Los Angeles... 10.41*
I.COa 8aa Jose. Tres Pinos, Capltola,
•tJantaCruz.Pac!fienrove.Sallnaa,
San Lois Obispo and Principal
.... Way Button* 4.18»
10.80a flan Jose and War Stations........ 1-20*
11-30* Santa Clara. San Jose. Lot Gato*
and Way Station* 7.38*
1.30* fian Joie and Way Stations 8 33a
1-00* Del Monte Express— Santa Clam.
Saa Jose, Del Monte, Monterey.
iPKflc Grove (connects at San:*
¦pfra for Santa Cniz, Bouldar
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for Holllsurr, Tres
Plnos. at CaatrovlUe for Salinas. 12.15*
S-SO* Tres Plnos Wav Passenger.. ....... 10.45a
4-30* Baa Jo*e and Way Stations tS.OO-A
tSOOr Saa Jose, (via Santa Clara) Lot
Gatos, and Principal Way Star
.. ,„ Uon« (except Sunday) f3 CO*
<6J0* EanJosesndPrlnclpalWayStatlons 19. 40*
6X0* Snnset Limited.— Redwood. San
Jose, Gllro7,Sallnaa.Paso Kobles.
San Luis Oblipo. Santa Barhara,
Loa Angela*. Demtng. El Paso,
New Orleans, Kew York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa C.-uj
I and at Castrovlllft for Paclno
Grove and Way Stations • 7.18a
t9 •16* 6»nMateo,Beresford,Belmont,Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka. .
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tfi-48A
8-30* 8»n Jose and Way Stations 8.38*.
800* Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11.30* 8outh San Francisco, Mlllbrae. Bar-
llngame. 6aa Mateo. Belmont,
Ban Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto. .. 943*
*1VMr Mayneld, Moanuin View, Sunny*
?ale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jose tS.4A»
? for Morning. P for Afternooa.
tBoBdaTaxeepted. ' t Sunday only
« Batnrday only.
1 6to?s at all ttatfOBJ oa Snadar.
PT Oaiy trains itopptSaT at Valencia St. lonthboun*
are6:I0 a.*,7:00a ji, 11:80 AJi^l;S0rJL.«:89rJiTaasl
i'MjgJk - ¦ - - —
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANU NORTH PACIFIC
BAU.WAT COHPAZnr.
Tiburon rerry. root of Karkct 8tx«at.
SAW 7XAKOXSCO TO SAN HAPAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, Q:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
a.t 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
3:30. 5:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAFAEL TO SAW PUAWCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 7:33. 7:80. »:2O. U;15
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. S:0O, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40,
3:40, 4:B5, 6:C5. 8:25 p. m.
Leave j In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco. [ Sept. 27. 1903. (San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I Destlna- Fsun- I Week*
Days. I days, f tlon. | daya. J Day*.
"7:30 al 8:00 a ~ 9:10 al 8:40 a
9:30 a Isnaclo 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p 8:05p 6:20p
B.lQpl 5:00 p| | 7:35 p|
7:30 a "~~ 9:10a 8:4Oa
8:0O» ¦ Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a.
8:8Op «:S0a Petalum* ' 6:03 d 6:20 a
B:10p 3:S0p and 7:33 p
6:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:S0p l™l PuUOa - 7:35P 6:2Op
Windsor. .
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
8:30 p 8:30 p Geyserville, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Clovejdale.
7:30a 8:00a Hopland 10:40a 1020a
3:30 p| 3:30 p and Uklah/ ( 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:3Oa! 8:0O a| WU11U. |":35p|6:2Op
7:SOal8:0Oaj |1O:4O a!10:2O a
3:3Opl3:3Op| GoernevlUe. [7:35p| «:2i> p
7:30 a| 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:C0p[ Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pj «:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00a ~ ¦ 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p[ 3:30 p Sebastopol. ,|T:S5p| tt:2O p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Cuentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springrs; at Fulton for Altrurla, and Mark West
Spring; at Lyttow for Lytton Springs- at Gey-
serville for Skaegs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevtlle and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Spring.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, I.ako-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vlchv
s?prlns». Saratoga Springs, niue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs* Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Uerly's.
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvtlle. Orr'a
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptehe. Camp
Stavens. Hopkins, Mendocino Clt>s Fort Brass.
Westport, Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Brags.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto, Coveln. Laytort-
Tllle. Cummlngs, Bell'a, Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's, Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. «
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rat 03. MBr*TT"llilJ MITTst«m|I1|)s»
On Sunday rcmnd-trln ticltets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street, Chrontcls
building.
H. C. WHITINO. H. X. RTA^.
I Gen. Manager , Gen. Pass. Ajt.
Mjjm CLEAR' HAVANA fill
fiSr Smoothest M
¦ Chas. Mattheas. & Co. -^H
CALIFORNIA 1
LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
LEAVES DAILY I
at 9:30 *. m., throusri la 3 dayi, I
with diner and »n trap-plag». H
Other Santa 7* Train it
fi-ao I' 5*1 for Stockton, Fresno, Bakenfleld
8:00 £ mj Merce<S ' Hanford and Visalia.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton. '
8:00 p. tn. for Kansas CUy, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OPPZOES— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. T. Also \ 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, CaL 87 South. Tint St.,
- San Jose.
¦ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sauialito Perxj.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Daily 7:00, 8:00,
9:00. 10:00, 11:00 a. m., 12:20. 1:45, 3:15, 4:15.
5:15, 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
FROM, SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
— Dally, 5:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8:35, 0:35.- 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55, 3:45, 4:45, 8:45, 6:45.
8:45, 10:20 s. m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily. 5:45. C:55. 7:62, 8:55. 9:55,
11:20 a. m.. J2-.35. 2:00. 3:15, 4:05, 5:03. 6:05,
7:05, 9:00,* 10:35 p. m.
! THROUGH TRAINS.
I - 8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadcro and way stations.
5:15 p. m. we«k days (Saturday excepted) —
1 Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
i stations.
i - Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way eta tlons. . ' r
TICKET OFFICE— €26 Market st. '
. FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
IWt, Tamalpais Railway
TSvcT Ti» SntsUti tar I Arrive *
aaaFrancfacp hxrfairtitfc SanFnwdio
Wetk Sun. ,TBa"~~~ SaB * •|Wej* >
,D*y^-. d*y> jmrfrahK dayi Dan.
•iiiji»8:ooA K&£fiExia i*:oftr forra
•l:46r »:OO A W0SSS&M& t:S5p *:5Or
ftilSr 1O:OOa >:SOp 5:SOr
-«— 11:OOa. «:S«r ViSOt
•¦ wvk nf* wt Wysol iyw way
neat »638MAJUC3rrST,(NortaShof«IUilroa«fi~
tmsa j and SxviAunp Futr, Too* Marxac 3cTOKIO COLLEGE PROFESSOR
WHO LECTURED AT OAK
LAND LAST NIGHT.
Heavy Storm at Grass Valley.
GRASS VALLEY, March: 10.— The
worst storm' In recent years swept this
SANTA BARBARA, March 10.—Ac
companied by a strong' southeast
wind, - rain- began falling in this city
about 9 o'clock this morning and
continued until 6 o'clock jthis evening,
when the wind chanced to the v west
and the clouds cleared , away. - : Two
Downpour Reaches Santa Barbara at
an Opportune Tiine.-
RAIX SAVES [ CROPS.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, March 10.
Btmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 45 hours from
San Dleso and way porw.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES- Sailed March 10—
Stmr Edith, for Tacoma.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived March 10 — Stmr
Coos Bay. hence March 8.
Balled March 10— Stmr Coos Bay, for San
Pedro, •
ASTORIA— Arrived March 10— Stmr Oregon,
hence March 8.
REDONDO — Arrived March 10— Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka; echr Oakland, from Tllla
mook.
Sailed March 10 — Stmr Santa Barbara, for
San Pedro.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 10— Stmr
Nordland. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
Sailed March l{V-Stmr Frlesland, from Liv
erpool, for 1'hlladelnhla: stmr Cedrlc, from
Liverpool, for New York.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed March 10 — Stmr Ken
sington, for Halifax and Portland; Me.
LONDON— Sailed Marcfa 10— Stmr Mesaba,
for New York.. * - .
CHERBOURG-r-Arrived March 10— Stmr Pa
tricia, from New York, . via Plymonth, for
Hamburg, and proceeded. -
Sailed March 10— Stmr Kronprinas "WUhelm.
from Bremen and Southampton, for New York.
NAPLES — Arrived March 10— Stmr Princess
Irene, from New York, via Gibraltar.
NEW YORK — Arrived March 10 — Stmr Lom
bardla, from Genoa: stmr Celtic, ' from Liver
pool. - -
Salkd March 10— Stmr La Lorraine, for
Havre.
MOVILLE — Arrived March 10— Stmr Si
cilian, from St. John, Ni B., for Liverpool.
NAPLES — Sallc-1 March &— Stmr "Republic,
for Bot ton.. •¦¦".; /
YOKOHAMA — Arrived March 8 — Stmr Em
prera of . China, from Vancouver, for Hong
kong. 8BSMgpi<MpJwBtttBasa««&iisE
HONGKONG— Sailed March 0— Stmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver. •
Late Shipping Intelligence.
WILLOWS, March 10. — One of the
most violent storms ever experienced
here' swept over this section last night
and this morning. The south wind
blew a hurricane and rain fell In tor
rents. Roofs were torn from a num
ber of houses, trees were uprooted and
debris is scattered over the streets. The
low lying sections of the town are in
undated. Snow is falling on the moun
tains in the western part of the county.
Telephone and telegraph lines are down
and no communication can be had with
river towns. It is feared that a large
section of the river country will be in
undated. At Greenwood, north of here,
a f reightcar was started by " the .vio
lent wind and was going at a rapid
pace when it collided . witji a, freight
train. The car, was demolished. There
are washouts along the railroad north
and south of here and no trains ar
rived to-day. At noon the storm ' had
abated and the sun was shining. The
rainfall was four and a half inches.
Wind Docs Much Damage and Rising
Waters Flow Into Houses.
HEAVY FAIili AT WILLOWS.
BERKELEY, March 10. — Professor
C. L. Corey, chairman of the student
affairs committee of the University of
California, made the official statement
to-night to senior class members that
any student who took part in the
charter day rush will be expelled from
the university.
Warns Against Hush.
This is the rflrst time in its history
that Santa Rosa has been cut off from
outside communication. Trains . may
get through from San Francisco to
night with mail and papers. •
SANTA ROSA, March 10.— The storm
that broke here last night continued
until 10 o'clock, thi^ ; morning without
abatement and was the heaviest known
in several years. The rain was ac
ccmpanled by high winds and consider
able damage is reported. Up to 7
o'clock to-night no trains had entered
Santa Rosa on either road, and al
though the early morning Southern Pa
cific passenger train left as usual It
did not succeed in getting through. A
big landslide is reported on the Guer
neville branch arid also on the main
line of the California Northwestern
near Cloverdale. The down train was
stalled between here and Petaluma all
day.
The only passenger from the north
to-day ' was A. Korbel, a well-known
wine and lumber man, who came down
from Korbels Station as far as Fulton
on a handcar and walked from there
in, hoping to get a train to San Fran
cisco. Santa Rosa Creek is higher to
day than for sixteen years and numer
ous small bridges and culverts are re
ported washed out in various parts of
the county. The railroad bridge here
is in a dangerous condition., Electric
wires grounded last night and the town
was in totatt darkness while : the storm
was at its net eht.
Trains Cease Running and Electric
Wires Arc Grounded.
SANTA ROSA ISOLATED.
Word cornea to the Independent to
night from Sherman Island that Boul
din and An&rus Island levees withstood
the storm.
similarly. All- over the city trees tf
age and strength fell before the heavy
wind. Half a score of prominent build
ings, the Giesea block, the
Children's Home and the Angels Iron
Works, were unroofed or damaged.
Windmills y and tankhouses went down
by the score. In the lumber yard dis
trict great timbers, were picked up and
carried considerable distance. Tele
graph and telephone wires went* down
and the streets were rendered danger
ous by the mass of electric power wires
that fell or became entangled with
others. Street cars stopped. Plate
glass windows were smashed to pieces.
Flying signs, cornices and loose debris
made the streets dangerous.
The river steamers from San Fran
cisco due this morning did not get in
until late this afternoon, but they had
no mishaps. Wires to Bouldin Island
are down, but the steamers that passed
the island this morning report that the
wind was sweeping water over the
levees, but that no breaks had oc
curred. ¦ r
Southern Part of
the State Gets
Drenching.
Continued From Page 5, Column 6.
Professor Vail Illustrated his lecture
with a chart,, showing the differences
in the area, population, revenue, na
tional debt, merchant marine and arm
ies and navies of the two powers now
at war in the Far East.
Japan Poon realized that unless Russia was
checked 6hc would end by seizing: Korea, sub-
JuKatinK' CHlna and driving Japan from both
these countries. So Japan prepared for war,
and when It was apparent that Ku«nla difl not
intend to withdraw her troops from Manchuria,
as the Muscovites had promised to do, Japan
In defense of her own interest!", n-sorted to
force of arms. I pity the Czar of Russia, for
I believe that he Is an honest man. Russia,
however, Is not ruled by the Czar, but £y t
corrupt aristocracy, and In that fact lies the
cause of the nresent war, which, on the part
of Jaoan, is not a war of' conquest, but a de
fense of her own liberty and her commerlcal
interests. We may 'sympathize with Russia,
but wo must acknowledge the justice of the
stand taken by Janan. - .
At the end of Japan's war with China
Japan was, according: to the treaty, to have
the Llaotung peninsula, the chief port of
which Is Port Arthur, but th* EuroDean na
tion* would not allow this, and sho was forced
to accept a war indemnity and the island of
Formosa. Shortly afterward Russia seized
Port Arthur. as> her treaty with China stated,
for twenty-five years. But Russia Immedi
ately Fi>?nt millions of rubles In fortifying
that port, which did not look ax if her occupa
tion was to be limited to twenty- five years,
and her occupation of Chinese territory has
Eteadily continued. . . . ¦; . .
OAKLAND, March 10.— "Should Rus
sia be victorious in the conflict now be
ing waged in the Far East, Manchuria
will be closed to American trade," de
clared Professor M. S. Vail of the Meth
odist College of Tokio, Japan, in a lec
ture given at the missionary conference
of the First Baptist Church at the Ma
sonic Temple this evening. The subject
of Professor Vaii's address was "The
Signification of the Present Russo-Jap
anese Conflict."
Professor Vail has been for more than
twenty years closely associated with
the Japanese, having been sent out as a
professor in the Christian schools .of
the empire by the Methodist Missionary
Society. He has visited nearly "every
city of Importance in Japan and is qual
ified to judge the merits of the ques
tions at issue in the present struggle.
In his discourse this evening Professor
Vail told, of the rapid development of
Japan and of her great strides in the
march of progress. He said:
It Elves me great pleasure to speak a word
In behalf of Japan, for never has any nation so
well deserved the sympathy of nations In a
struggle for life and independence. Since the
opening of the empire to the commerce of the
world ty Commodore Perry the Japanese, have
Ftrlvcn unceasingly for better things, and they
have nobly succeeded. America haa been a
treat factor in the making of new Japan, and
the Jarianese thoroughly realize thlf. The
postal service of the empire, now one of the
most nerfect In the world, was Introduced by
an American Minister. Judge Blngham of Ohio.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111 8 Broadway, March 10.
Charlie Fong, a notorious Chinese,
gamed his release from the County
Jail this morning upon a technicality
whlch opens the Jail doors to twenty
four other prisoners confined there..
Fong was sentenced to six months in
the County Jail upon a" charge of
vagrancy. As soon as he was taken
there a writ of habeas corpus was sued
out by Attorney Fred Button, who
made the point that under the Whitney
act Police Judges in cities having a
population of between 30,000 and 100,000
are restricted to sending prisoners to
the City Prison.
For nine years the Police Judges of
this city h'ave been sentencing prison
ers to the County . Jail without this
point having been' raised, and It is
probable that other cities coming under
the name rule are open to the same
mistake. Under a decision of the Su
preme Court the Whitney act takes
precedence over the general law in
those cities where the rule applies. In
that act the powers of Police Judges
are defined, and they only have power
td send prisoners to the City Prison.
After a careful examination of the
law in the matter Judge Hall was con
vinced that the point was well taken,
and he ordered the release of Fong.
The following prisoners now confined
thenk come under the same ruling and
can gain their release in the same man
ner: Sam Levenbein, Peter Knuth, Ed
na Wallace, Albert Peterson. Mamie
Sullivan. Edwin McHaight, Cato Moore,
Delia Wright, Ella Miller, Bart Thayer,
Henry Bethune, Ray Parsons. Herman
Stumpf, Henry Hynes, William F.
Brown, Mollie Gaunse, John O'Keefe.
Eliza Hall, Connie Fitzgerald, William
O'Connell. John Reynolds, Wlllia^i An
derson, Emma Wlngate and Mrs. A.
Johnson.
and forty hundredths inches was re
corded during that time. An abun
dance of feed for stock and average
crops are now assured. All sections of
the county report rainfalls ranging
from two to three inches.
- The hot winds of the last two or
three days had caused considerable
uneasiness among the farmers, as it
was feared no moisture would be left
in the soil and that both feed and
crops would become a total loss, but
to-day'8 precipitation allays all fears
and brings rejoicing in all sections.
Alamcda County.
WEDXESDAT. MARCH 9.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Oakland Water Front Company tr> Central
Pacific Railway Company Icurporation). lot be
ginning at point V. etc.. thence SE 152 alon*
V. line of Webster street, or tract 33. to NU
corner of tract thence NTS JKiO alonx N
boundary line of tract ;»5 to SW corneT thereof.
SE 2.33 feet. NW 2IHM.57 To E boundary line of
.tract 40. XAV 5.a along *uia boundary line of
«aid tract to its XE cornor and btterstetton
with S boundary line of tract 3«. thence SB
«OtTJ. V2 to beginning, portion of tract SJ> map
of Alaicetfa Marsh. Alameda; $U>.
Alexander Murdoch to Caesar Rodoni. lot 03
S llneof Thirty-seventh street. 37 E of Mar
ket. E by 8 ICO. portion of plat 07. Kel
lersberger's map of Ranches V. and L>. Peraita.
Oakland; $10.
William M. and Kate F. Starr to Gertru<!»
A. Vin2*-nt (single>. lot 35 block B, ' map of
University Park, near university. Oakland: $10.
George Mansfield « executor of the- estate of
Robert McDonald) to Rn*coe I [arena all In
terest in lot on E line of Park street. 332:*
S of San Jove avenue, thence S along sa'>3
Hne of Park street. 5O B tr> SW corner of lot
A. N to N\V corner thereof. \V tr» beginning,
lot C. block 10. map of Alameda I'ark Homt
stenol. Alarae<ia: $720.
Roscoe and Clara J. Havens to Frank W.
Hally (single), same. Alameda; t^ZO.
. George and Carrie R. Sterling (wife) to> Real,
ty Syndicate <a corporation), lots 5. e and 12.
map E. W. Woodward's ratxUvisIon of lot. 10.
rmnigan Tract. In plat 43. V. and IX Peralt*
Kancho. Oakland; $10.
fame to same, lot on X line of Forty-third
street. li)O W of Linden. N l.".<>. W to E lln? o*
Adeline. S to Its intersection with E line of
plat 6. RanchoH V. and r>. Perall.1, S alon?
faid E line of said plit to intersection with
X Forty- third street. K to beginning, be'ngr
fractional lots S and 9. Mock 20BH. Alton Tract
at Temescal. Oakland; also .11.16 rt fractional
lot 24. block '2wj same map. Oakland; also
lot on >f line of Forty-third street. 00 E ot
Market. E SO by N 100, lot '•'£, block 20DS, »ama
map. Oakland; $10.
Same to same, lot on SW corner of Forty
first and Grove streets. S 110 by W 124. lot «.
nap No. 2, Montgomery Tract. Oakland; $10.
W. E. Carnard (single) to Jennie and
Charles Y. Webb, lot on S line of Cherrv
street, 201 E of Telegraph avenue. E XI: i by
S ICO. lot 1.1 and portion lot 14, block R, map
resubdfvlsion portion Roberts and Wolfskin
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Fred Hambleton to Mabel Hambleton. lot on
SW line of £anta Clara or Moss avenue.
FE of Oakland: SE 45.0S. SW 127.43. NTV t.V4.
N'E 121.65. porti.-in lot 1<\ block J. map Flint
Tract No. 4. Oakland; $10.
Janes E- and Emma Mitchell to George. Eber
-and Fred A. Muller, lot on N line of Second
street. 73 E of Grove. E 25 by N 10O, lot 2it.
block 22. Kellerst>«rger's map. Oakland; $10.
William, and Margaret Gross (wife) to Georga
A. Lewis, lot en E line of Webster street.
15M.eO S of Bay r'ace. S .V» by E 125. lots l;«
and 14. block A, map subdivision of Webster.
Twenty-fourth and Valdez street property. Oak*
land, quitc-lalm doed; $10.
; Central .Rank tr> same, same; $10.
Samuel [. or Samuel Jacobs et al. to Alex
ander and Catherine Grterty. undivided half
of lot on SW corner of William and Wood
rtreets. W ICO by S 26:2ti. block 500, Oakland;
$10.
Susie Levy and Bernard Jacobs (executor*
estate of Pauline Jacobs) to lame, undivided)
half Interest In same; $7«iO.
Calvin A. Shaw (sinsfl»-) to ¦William Teadon.
W 16 :» f«et of lot M and E l»i:6 fc»t of lr.t
9S',i. amended ma»- of subdivisions of Mesa
wood Tract. Oakland; $10.
Otis W. Enrs fFinsleV to the Realty Syndi
cate, lot on SE line of Walter avenue, 4.10.71
NE of Jerome avenue, SE 10T» by NE 23. lot
11, block C. map Lincoln Park. l>akland; $1<>.
George and Carrie Sterlinsr to same, lot on
W lfrw of Halleok or Ettle street, 10O 8 of
A or Thirty -s:cond. S 75 by W' 130, being por
tion of lot 7. block P. lands of Peraita Home
stead Association, Oakland; $10.
John E. and Reglna Keyer (wife) tr> Mathia«
Miller. 'lot on N line of Thirty-sixth street.
210.70 E of Linden. X lfC.Jia. \V 50, S 00.75. H
5O..°»75. block B. msj of portion °* Mra. M. J.
Evoy'a property etc., Oakland: $1<>.
California Bank (California Bark and Trust
Company) (a corporation)to J. IT. E'jstice. lots
4.1 to 48. map No. 2, Mitchell Tract, Oakland;
HO. ,
Petaluma Flooded.
PETALUMA, March 10. — Three
inches of rain fell here to-day, result
ing in the biggest flood In the history
of the city. The entire lower part of
the city is under water. Many peo
ple had to be rescued in boats. The
river rose six feet over flood tide.
Much damage has resulted in the
flooding of warehouses, stores and
residences and .the destruction of
buildings and bridges by wind ' and
water. J. P. McXear, Camm &
Hedges, H. Cavanagh and the Golden
Eagle Mills are heavy losers. Schools
and factories are closed -and business
suspended.
DIED.
RTAN-In this city. Marrh It. 19<H. 12:55
a. in.. Thomas, beloverl husband of Mary C*.
Ryan, and father of Marjorie, Ertlth. Cecily,
Thomas and Frances Ryan, and brother cr
John and Hanna Ryan.
the country in the way of wrecking
windmills, blowing down fences and
uprooting shade trees. At 11 o'clock to
night rain is falling heavily.
?
Shipping Pnralyzed at Astoria.
ASTORIA, March 10.— A great
storm is raging along the north coast
to-night, the wind blowing at the rate
of seventy-two miles an hour at 8
o'clock. This afternoon between 3
and 4 o'clock the velocity of the pale
at Northhead lighthouse was eighty
miles on hour. The barometer reg
istered 28.40 to-day, the lowest mark
ever reached here. The storm has
paralyzed shipping, the steamor
Oregon being the only vessel to reach
port to-day.
Trains Stalled at Benlcia.
BENICIA, March 10. — Two of this
morning's eastbound trains and the
afte'rnoon Sacramento local are stalled
at Benicla on account of a washout
between this place and Suisun. It is
reported that several hundred feet «of
the track has been washed away.
Many Impatient travelers have been
waiting for trains to get through.
Many who left San Francisco early
this morning have been without food,
as they expected to start at almost any
time. The . storm was very severe
here.
Havoc Wrought About Milton.
MILTON, March 10.— What was prob
ably the most furious windstorm ever
experienced here prevailed from about
midnight last night until past noon to
day. From all quarters come reports
of windmills, trees and fences blown
down and many buildings damaged.
The rain fell in torrents at times, but
has not rendered the streams impas
sable. '
Fresno Is Favored.
FRESNO. March 10.— Rain has been
falling steadily, though slightly at
times, for the last twenty-four hours.
and still continues to drizzle. All told
the late rain has been .48 of an Inch,
making 4.43 inches for the season. The
late rains are making crops look fine,
and If they will only keep up It will be
a year of abundance for the whole vi
cinity, and. especially for the grain
growers.
Beneficial to Hollister.
HOLLJSTER, March 10.— The storm
reached Hollister early- this morning.
It rained hard until after 1 o'clock to
day. This makes good crops a cer
tainty.
Much Rain at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, March 10.— The heaviest
storm experienced here- for several
years raged between 12 o'clock last
night and noon to-day. The rainfall for
that period was 3.06 Inches, making the
total for the season 10.28. against 11.21.
to same date last year. The high wind
which prevailed did some damage in
Rain All Day at Bakrrsficlil.
BAKERSFIEL.D. March 10. — Rain
began falling here about 4 o'clock
this afternoon and continued steadily
until 1 in the evening.
SALINAS, March 10.— The heavy wind
storm from the. BouthT.est hit Salinas
Valley about midnight last night and
continued until this forenoon. Since
then showers have fallen at intervals.
The past twenty-four hours will show
that an inch of rain has fallen around
Salinas. Reports from the lower por
tions of Monterey County indicate the
precipitation was heavier there. Up to
noon to-day San Lucas had "more
than an inch of rain, ' with prospects
for much more*. Around Monterey and
along the coast the downpour has been
much heavier and was accompanied by
a fierce gale that uprooted trees and
blew down fences and outbuildings.
With the present storm has disap
peared all fears of a poor season.
Throughout the Salinas Valley and
especially toward the San Luis Obispo
line the precipitation of the past month'
has been far above, the average. The
clear warm weather of the past two
weeks has caused a wonderful growth
in vegetation. The feed on the hills
around San Lucas, San Ardo, Bradley
and the cattle and sheep sections never
looked better. The hills are covered
with young green grass and feed is
abundant.
In the Salinas Valley fanners who
have lived here for forty years predict
a record-breaking season. "While the
acreage may. not be as. large as usual,
owing to the lateness of the season,
cereals of every sort are growing with
wonderful rapidity. The soil has not
lost a bit of the rains and the warm
weather and lack of wind has quick
ened growth. From King City north to
the mouth of the Salinas River there
will be an unusually large beet acreage.
As late rains are most needed in beet
raising, the prospects could not be bet
ter. While the season's rainfall is below,
the average, Monterey County pros
pects In all branches of agriculture
never looked better. The late rains and
warm weather have benefited crops in
all sections of the county. The lower
portion of the county has received a
plentltude of rain, and a general pros
perity is assured for th/» coming season.
Rain Gives Promise of Best Season
Known in Salinas Valley.
PROSPERITY FOR MONTEREY.
section to-day. It began after mid
night and maintained its fury till aft
ernoon. The wind has been Wow
ing with the velocity of a hurricane
and as a result considerable damage
has been done. All telephone lines
are down between this city and the
outside world, and it may be a day
or two before service is again in
operation.
Poles in town were bk>wn down in
different places and many lines cut.
To make matters worse telegraph lines
are also out of commission. Accom
panying the wind is a heavy rain.
The trial of the divorce suit of Eliza
Barrie against Alexander C. Barrie, a
commercial traveler, was begun before
Judge Ogden to-day. Mrs^ Barrie al
leges cruelty. The parties are residents
of Berkeley and the case has attracted
considerable attention on account of
the charges made by Mrs. Barrie
against her husband. She allages that
she has been caused great mental an
guish by the fact that she v/as confined
in a* sanitarium for four months and
not allowed to see her sister or her
child. She gained her release through
a writ of habeas corpus sued out by
her sister, Miss Herrlck.
Barrie says she was sent to the hos
pital upon the advice of reputable phy
sicians, and that he had to pay $150 a
month for her treatment out of a salary
of $300. Her sister was not allowed to
visit her on account of the fact that
she was a nervous, excitable woman,
and it was deemed best not to allow
them to be together.
The contest, however, Is not sp much
over the divorce itself as for the cus
tody of their 15-year-old daughter. This
side of their differences overshadows
that of who is entitled to the decree.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
•1118 Broadway, March 10.
Says It Was Necessary to
Place Her in Sanitarium
and to Exclude Her Sister
Court Says Law Eestricts
Police Judges' Power in
Cities ¦ of a Certain Class
HE MAKES A DENIAL
CHINESE FINDS POINT
Barrie Divorce Suit Trial
Is Begun, the Wife Charg
ing Husband With Cruelty
Technicality Opens Doors of
Jail to Twenty-Five In
mates of Comity Lockup
BARS ARE DOWN
TO PRISONERS
REAL CONTEST
IS FOR CHILD
SAYS A RUSSIAN VICTORY MEANS
THE CLOSED DOOR IN MANCHURIA
OSCAR GOWING
GIVEN DIVORCE
ADVISE PARDEE
ABOUT RIVER
Professor M. S. Vail of. Methodist College, Tokio,
Declares Japan's Cause Is Just and That Mus
covite Triumph Will Be Blow to American Trade
Three Leading Engineers
Tell the Governor of Way
to Curb the Sacramento
Wedded Life of Well-Known
Society Couple Brought to
End by Decree of the Court
ANXIOUS TO AID PEOPLE
ABE ONE FOR FIVE YEABS
Chief Executive of State
Means to Apply a Part of
Appropriation to Bepairs
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
214S Center street, March 10.
Professor Frank Soule, dean of the
civil engineering department at the
University of California, returned to
day from Sacramento, after having
been in consultation with . Governor
Pardee, Marsden Manson and C. E.
Grunsky, the San Francisco engineers,
over the alarming conditions that pre
vail on account of the overflow of the
Sacrarr.ento River. Governor Pardee
is anxious to do something to relieve
the Sacramento of its burden of flood
waters and so called in these eminent
engineers lo listen to. their advice.
•We had a talk with the Governor,"
said Professor Soule to-day, "and told
him what it would be necessary to do
in order to relieve the situation. We
d!d not inspect the river, as we are
ali familiar with its condition and the
things necessary to be done to keep it
within its borders when the floods
come. We simply pointed out to Gov
ernor Pardee the places that ought to
be Ftrenpthened with levees, the chan
nels widened or the course of the river
straightened."
The work which Governor Pardee
will undertake will be carried on with
the aid of r>n appropriation of $250,000
that was made by the last Legislature
for improvement in the river. Not all
the money may be spent on the Sacra
mento River, but the Governor prom
ises! to use what he may to the best
advantage.
Defendant. Who Was For
merly Grace II. Gorrill,
Goes to Home of Parents
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 10.
The romance of Oscar C. Gowing
and his wife, who before her marriage
was Grace H. Gorrill, was terminated
in the divorce court to-day, when" the
husband was granted a decree by Judge
Hall on the ground of desertion. Mcfre
than a year ago domestic differences
arose between them and she took their
three-year-old daughter Hatherley and
went back to the home of her parents.
The Gowings were well known so
ciety people and their marriage five
years ago was a society event. Gowing
Inherited considerable money at the
death of his uncle, Oscar Gowing, while
R. W. Gorrill. the father of Mrs. Gow
ing, is wealthy and owns a pretty home
In the Piedmont district.
The proceedings in court to-day were
short. Besides being represented by his
attorneys, Gowing himself was present
and testified tt/ the fact that his wife
had left him. Mrs. Gowing was rep
resented by attorneys, but no objection
was made to the decree being granted.
No alimony was asked for on her be
half.
Of late Mrs. Gowing has been devot
ing herself to literature and consider
able of her work has been published
In Eastern magazines. She is now en
gaged in collecting a number of short
stories to be published in book form.
Her brother is Attorney W. H. Gor
rill. a member of the present Board of
Library Trustees.
EVENTS IN SOCIE.TY
OPEX WINDOWS AFFORD
BURGLARS EASY ENTRANCE
Cash Secured. From Two Houses,
Thieves Steal Beehives From
Fruitvale .Clergyman.
OAKLAND, March 10.— Burglars en
tered two houses in this city last night
thrr>ugrh windows which had been left
<-'pen. securing ?73 in cash and a gold
watch and chain from the residence
of R. Clark, 1030 Adeline street, and $4
in caFh from the house of A. Benson,
1116 Filbert street.
Both houses were entered in exactly
the same manner through windows
left unfastened. t -
Durfnp the last three months seven
hivfs of bc-^s have been stolen from
the residence of the Rev. Franklin
Rhoda in Fruitvale. The thief made
tbre*» different visits to the apiary, tak
ing two hives the first time, two the
p<cnnd and three on the occasion of
the last visit. The clergyman now
has only on? hive left.
Affcd Porter Found Dead.
OAKLAND, March 10. — Thomas Wat
son, a porter, C8 years old, was found
dead this morning in the rear of J.
C. Fernandez's saloon, 1456 Seventh
Ftrcet. The Coroner took charge of the
case.
Says Hnslmnd Left Her.
OAKLAND. March 10.— Suit for di
vorce was begun this afternoon by
Julia Gurnette against Byron H. Gur
nette on the ground of desertion. They
were married in 1896, but have no chil
dren or property interests to adjudi
cate.
OAKLAND, March 10.— Petition for
the distribution of the estate of the
late Adeline S. Hays of Alvarado was
filed to-day. The property consists of
farming land in the neighborhood of
Alvarado and cash in bank. There are
a number of heirs.
Want Estate Partitioned.
OAKLAND, March 10.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Madison B.
Elliott, 25. and Jessie M. Hobbs, 30.
both of San Francisco; Joseph Martin,
42, Oakland, and Louise Lacroix, 46,
Fan Francisco; William M. Schroeder,
over 21. Dawson C!ty, and Christina
E. Gay, over 18, Honolulu.
Marriage Licenses.
BERKELEY, March 10. — Mrs. Mary
Abreu. 4 8 years old. a Portuguese, was
killed hy the West Berkeley local train
at 7:30 o'clock to-night at Third street
and Dwight way, in the presence of
her husband, Manuel Abreu. The
couple had been gathering wood on
the beach and were walking home on
the tracks. The train struck the
woman, who had a heavy pack of
wood on her head. She was hurled
Into a ditch and was dead when her
husband, who was on the same track
with her, pot to her. The family came
from Rio Vista last month. There are
three children. They live at Seventh
and All.ston streets.
Woman Rilled by Train
OAKLAXTt, March 10. — Whist and five hun
dred continues to enliven the gray, days of
Lent, and the card clubs — which • are num
bered by th<» score — are flourishing with a test
that seems never to weary. The Cosmos, the
Wheelock and the Linda Vista clubs etlll de
vote their meetings to whist, but with the
majority of smaller organizations five hundred
seems to be the popular game.
On Wednesday Mrs. Walter Thompson K«l-
Ir>gg <nee Brltton) entertained a whist club,
the prizes being won by Mrs. E. T. Hentfiaw.
Mrs. Kellogg, Mrs. J. A. Brltton and Mrs.
Gilbert Belcher.
The Prospect Whist Club was entertained
on Monday evening by Mrs. Guy C. Earl, the
hichest eeorp* being made by Mrs. Thomas
Siebc end Samuel Breck.
Mr*. Irvine Uurr«»ll was the hof>te*s at a
rewnt meeting of th»» Thursday Five Hun
dred Club, and another party of 500 enthu
siasts was entertalntd last week by the Misses
Gorrill.
Among others who have been hostesses at
recent meetings r.f jomeof the card clubs are
Mrs. Frederick Clift. Mm. George Humphrey,
Mrs. Florence Hatch. Miss Eda Curdts and
Miss Evelyn Ellis.
Mm Julius Joseph ha« been entertaining
considerably in honor of her niece, Ml?s Mae
Roberts of Tonopah. who will become the
bride of Thomas Lynch about the middle of
April. Mr. Lynch Is a wealthy younf? min
ing man of Tonopah, and he and his bride-to
be are planning to make their home in Berke
ley.
At the luncheon plven by Mrs. Joseph last
Saturday, complimentary to her niece, the
guests were: Mra. Jackson, Mrs. H. L. Xason
San Francisco; Mrs. W. C. Constable, Mrs. j'
E. Travis, Mrs. D. A. Macdonald, Mies Jennie
Mickle of Berkeley. Mi*s Mira Stevens of San
Francisco. Miss Ethel M. Price and Miss Mae
Roberts.
Miss May Burrlge will be the ruest of honor
at a luncheon which Mlesee Alice and Ruth
Knowles will give Saturday.
The wedding of Miss Ella Goodall and Dr
Charleg Minor Cooper will take place on May
11 at the Goodall borne on Jackson street.
Mrs. William Lynham Shiels, formerly Miss
Elsie Bennett, will be the guest of honor at a
lanre reception which her sister-in-law Mm.
J. Wilson Ehiels of San Francisco, is planning
for April 7. . -.
Mr. and Mrs. John Isaacs hav« returned to
Oakland from a prolonged visit In New Or
leans. •
Mrs. Wlllard Barton is in Cairo. Ejrypt, and
will remain there for several weeks.
Mln Alma Perkins Is visiting In Portervllle.
Walter Ftick. a well known civil engineer of
PlaeervHle, In In Oakland for a few day«.
DYNAMITE IS USED
TO SAVE BELVEDERE
HOME FROM -RUIN
Belvedere, the promontory city,
made Its best defense against the fury
of the storm, but met defeat. Dyna
mite, a greater force than Boreas could
call to his aid, was used to limit the
zone of destruction with but little suc
cess. .
Early Thursday morning the residents
of Belvedere were aroused by the gale
and until daylight worked heroically
to limit the damage that was Inevit
able. The storm had hardly broken
when It was seen that many of the
yachts anchored in the" offlng were
dragging their anchors. All efforts to
secure them were in vain and before
morning a score of th^e white- winged
fleet were on the flats or careened on
the beach. - ' t / •
Several of the heavier launches tore
from their moorings and constituted
the greatest menace to the homes
that fringe the water's edge. The
heavy* pleasure craft drifted against
the piling eupporting- the cottages
built out over the water and in sev
eral instances Imperiled the safety of
the occupants of the homes. One big
launch was tearing ' the supports out
from under a cottage, when dynamite
was utilized and the craft sunk. This
ended its work of destruction/ It is
doubtful if the craft can be repaired,
so thoroughly did the explosive do its
work, though the explosive was so
placed that It did not Injure the
dwelling. j .'"'••
The roadway that leads from the
TIburon landing . along .the water
front to the' heights of "Belvedere; was
undermined and made unfit- for use
and the .supports. of the bathhouses
were; weakened. Waves leaped clear
over the bathouse?'and : no effort could
be made to save ? them from ¦ the rav
ages'of the storm. ' ' '
It may; be weeks before ¦ Belvedere
will recover, from: the effects, of the
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THElSAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1004.
11
. ordeal through which the ex-
FlUI^GIlii'Eillin^/rb P^^^ mother must pass usually ir.
I TO^SPiiil ll so u^ °^ su^ e " n^) danger and fear
I 1| Mil tills II >^ that she looks forward to the critical
- — ; hour with apprehension'- and dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the
ordeal that she passes through |SJ| ifjk&ih^in^H'&^^Hfc
have and said, "it is.- .; .
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per H-I^^M^f^H^i/f^
bottle of druggists. Book containing 1| h Is lill
valuable information mailed free. M M St v^aIMaM
THE BRADNELD REGULATOa CO.. Atbata. G*
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
of the most stubborn mad chronic kind
ere promptly relieved «nd eventually
cured by the u*e of
, This powerful germidde is ab-
solutely harmless. It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure you. By killing the
germs that cause skin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthy
skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
ing physicians everywhere for the
last 12 years. Booklet on request.
Sold by leading druggist! or trial
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 35 rents.
yO A *
61 O Prince St., New Yoric.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELKY.
21 IS Center Street. .
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1433 Part Street. r".
Telephone Eagle 502.
OAKLAND.
BBAXCH- OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYTHE; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, I FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1904.
12
LODGIxr. HOUSES FOR SA1.F, — Con.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
86 rooms; corner: rent only $500; best down-
town house in city;" electric elevator; well fur-
nished; guaranteed to clear ?40l» to $500 p?r
month;, books ODen for inspection; everything
in flrst-claES shape; on account other business.
j 7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
I carpets; sickness; price $.150.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant .new building;
Bwell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
Ing $600 per month; every room full; will
stand the strictest Investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
106 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; going East.
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished: oak
furniture; Ajcmirister carpets; beautiful flat.
162 room*; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house In San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 Der month: 5-year lease; part" cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
« *£ rooma; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
$1250 D ' baJance Per cent; fine buy; only
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator.
Hrhts; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys ln the city.
8-room upper flat; corner: all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home: price $750.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture: 2 entrances:
takes In $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
recular roomers; will bear Investigation.
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture: nrusseis car-
pets; clears $.10: S31K) cash, baJance on install-
ments; price $S00.
fl-room, new, modern flat; 4 months: elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness.
50 rooms: elegantly furnished; fine location;
close In: new and modern throughout: full and
clearing $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on It asked: chance of a lifetime.
»0 rooms: part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; hfzh-class location; beautiful
halls; everythlnc modern; first-class grill in
connection; best proposition In city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping: clears
•550; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
tl»n«. . ,
220 roorps; r.ew and up-to-date apartment-
hous?; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
lnr ?400 to $000 per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 rooms; rent $D5; fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
11 rooms; rent $40; close ln: oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clear3 $55 over'all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
46 rooms: rent only f65: well located hotel
south of Market; fine bar, well stocked: brick
buildinr; electric lichts: everything good con-
dition; rjart cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
larire downtown house.
20 rooms; rent $140: hot and cold water; part
housekeeping; all full; clears J150 per month-
well furnished^ leaving city; girt; $1200.
50 rooms; new; modern apartment-house: In.
year lease; cheap rent; clearing ?250 to $300;
very central; flret-ciass proposition.
71 rooms: elegant, new. modern building: In
one of the. best cities ln Southern California:
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up to date; 9-year-lease; rent only $200; clear-
Ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms: well furnished: first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks off Market: 5- year lease:
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
35 rooms: rent only .$150: close ln: thorough-
ly renovated, put ln first-class condition; can
be run transient If desired; clears now $1S5
per month; part cash, balance time; good
money-maker.
14 rooms: cheap rent: furnished ln oak: Ax-
mlnster and Brussels carpets: new; half cash,
balance long time; make offer; departure.
31 rooms; rent $110: all light rooms: clear-
ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $S0O
to get ln; must leave city at once; price "$1300.
21 rooma, well furnished: fine little down-
town transient house; clearing $100 per month-
obliged to leave the city; $1700.
20 rooms: cheap rent: oak and cherry furni-
ture; Meauet carpets: good lease: clearing S125
per month; Dart cash; balance time.
17 rooms; rent only S75: Ellis; oak furni-
ture; good carpets; clears $60: leaves 3 rooms
for landlady; fine opportunity to get good
house reasonable.
MITCHELL & CO Phone Jessie 29S1
1200 Market st., opposite Sixth.
16 rooms: neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
540; tell or exchansre: price $C£0. '
65 rms.: downtown house: steady; transient-
clearing $350 monthly: handsomely - furnished.
26 rms.; choice corner rooming-house: unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well appointed housekeeping
suites: landlady must sell; make offer
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
100 ROOMS, sunny corner, rent ?125 $4500
40 rooms, fouUi of Market, rent $110. . 2600 ;
46 rooms. Mission warm belt, rent ««3. •"•?*,
20 room?, summer resort, rent $400 yr. 550
14 rooms, fine location, rent low 700
Hotels and summer resorts.
KITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
A— $1000; hous? of 30 rooms, 37 bed«;«-ent 5100.
leae.e,of 4 years: good furnitureiroomsal-vays
occupied. Pee R. G. WILKE. £6% Kearny.
SUTTER M.: 14 large sunny corner rooms-
nicely furnished; all rented; part cash, bal-
ance Installments: bargain. . .200 Kearny st. 1
C2-ROOM nicely furnished centrally located
. house for sale. Address WILSON 409 Tay-
lor Et.
$575— 411A TURK: 11 rooms; full; rent $ir>;
water free; owner going to country. •
IS ROOMS rent $7d: Ions lease; furnished now;
clears $0O Call at hTtfi Kills st.
LO»ai.\G-HQLSES WAVrBn.
WANTED — A lodsing-houFe of about 35 to 40
rooms. AdOress box 2051. Call offlce.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium; readings daily, $1; de-
veloping class Thursday 8 p; m. 502 Eddy st.
ELISE BRAUN, renowned psychle.My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. 8S(i Bush.
SEER. Egyptian Hindoo occult reader; dally
clr.Wed..Frl.. Sun.. S p. m. ; 10c. 326% Ellis.
MRS. LESTER. 0C3 Mission; life reader, busl.
ness medium; read, dally; cir. to-night, 10c.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis. readlngirdailyT
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clalrvoya'nT and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott S87.
Cl.AIR.VOYA.Vrs. ¦ ' ' ¦
PROF. CLARK. THE GREATEST- HYP-"
NOTIC CLAIRVOYANT OF THE AGE AND
HUMAN X-RAY, WILL GIVE DAILY
READINGS AT THE PARLORS OF THE
INSTITUTE OF PSYCHOLOGY. 521 GOLD-
EN GATE AVE.. ON BUSINESS. POLI-
TICS AND ALL IMPORTANT AFFAIRS
IN LIFE: DIAGNOSES DISEASES ACCU-
RATELY AND LOCATES FOREIGN SUB-
STANCES IN THE HUMAN BODY.
PROF. HENKEL OF THE INSTITUTE
TEACHES HYPNOTISM. DEVELOPS
CLAIRVOYANT AND CURES LIQUOR
TOBACCO AND MORPHINE HABIT AND
STAMMERING, AND ALL FEMALE ILLS
WITHOUT DRUGS.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant, and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.;
ehe reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future; if you are In trouble, discontented, or
not satisfled with life, or have domestic,". love
or business troub/es, consult this great medium
and you .will be told how to overcome them;
valuable advice ln all affairs of life; 25e up;
satisfaction guaranteed; readings by mail Tel'
Black 4568. • -¦ . - . - .
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
«., cor. Turk: private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. in.: readlnga by mall as satisfac-
tory aa.ln -person; 3 questions' answered, $1;
full lite, .55; send lock of hair, date of: year
of birth; don't send currency: eend postoffice
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter. ¦
MRS. A. H, KRONENBERG, palmist, : clair-
voyant, card reader; when others fail try me;
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
MRS. BROWN, -clairvoyant, card reader ¦"r'T
moved from 132 6th to 23 & 6th ; 1.' 25c, _.' 50c.
PrXTXEgS CnAXCK* — Conttn-»«t.
A — $4000: CORNER raloon, with lease; large
cellar: car-1 and private rooms; kept by own-
ers for years; fullest Investigation solicited.
Bee R. G. WILKE. 26 l i Kearny st.
A— $.1000; GRILL rocm and cafe; the leading
establishment ln Oakland; close to theaters;
rent ?7w and a firft-class paying business;
other investments only cause of eale. See
K. G. WILKE. a Kearny st.
A — JFll'OO; BAKERY, e=tab. years and kept by
present own»r 17 years; bakrg 4% barrels
per <lay; daily F«rle» ?45; liv-ing rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny »t.
A— J12W; DELICATESSEN and dairy produca
store; close to Market and Stockton ste. ;
large Etock: clears at least $250 per month;
full value ln sight; a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE. 26H Kearny gt.
A— S.'W'O; BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; daily receipts about $10;
choict«t location in tb« Mission. See R. G.
WILKE, 26Vi Kearny St.
A — 52200; Saloon, with lease; estab. years;
vicinity of Fourth St.. Market and Stockton;
place speaks for itself; all particulars. R.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny »t. ,
A— *1M)O; GROCERY and bar, with l«~lur^
nlshed rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $65; a
business where man and wife can easily
clear 1300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st. ,
A— $3CC0; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
et.; rent $40; lease;.! horses, 6 wagons; bust.
ness estab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny it.
A — $1650; COR. saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50; lease; a first-class paying place in
choice** location; $l">0 per month clear guar-
ant«ed. R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st,
A — J100O; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
gallery, averaging about $9 50 per day; ex-
pense* about $5 per day; will sell or trade
for lodging- house. Em R, O. WILKE, 2tf%
Kearny et.
A— $1200; COFFEE ealoon and bakery in
choicest location; rent $80; daily receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $S50; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts. ; rent $"S; a splendid
location and rare business chance. See It.
G. WILKE, 2GVi Kearny Ft.
A — $2250; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.:
no opposition: in thriving country town about
75 miles from this city: a rare vhance. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A BAKERY acrots the bay. with lot 50x100;
house of 4 rooms. 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.: price $.1600; not all cash required: a
pood business. Call on R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1C50
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster .and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and ice cream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $50C0
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 <o $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $6000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
FOR sale — Beautiful mountain resort, lees than
o0 minutes' ride from depot of best interior
city in State: less than 3 hours' ride from
San Francisco; 20 acres land; 36-room. furn.
fcutel, with barns, sheds, etc.; 3 years' lease;
can get longer; rental $500 per year; horses,
buggies, 2 cows; bar well equipped; billiard
table, piano; raises own fruit, vegetables,
ha>J chickens, etc.; big money to be made;
price $2500; account death. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR eale or trade — Quartz mines; line prospect;
located in Ccl. ; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR t=ale— Well located candy store; all equiF-
ment for mating own candles; established 8
years; clears over $200 per menth; will ln-
vcice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the beet restaurants in city:
cheap rent: receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bear investigation: price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st_
i FOR sale, or will trade for email ranch— Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; well
located; clearing $300 per month; first-class
propesitinn; will stand strict investigation;
price. t8lw. CAMERON & CO.. 2 Eddy st.
FOR • SALE — Ccndy and ice cream factory;
good, clean stock on hand; fine fixtures;
good locality and a fine trade. Address box
2918. Call offlce.
FOR sale— A lunch stand; good business; cheap
account of sicknesE. Call after 3 o'clock, 1301
Howard Et.
J EEND or call room 222 Parrott bldg. for par-
tlculars of a small, eafe, honest 5 per cent
month Investment, besides large profit.
| $C00— SPLENDID opportunity; establfshea~w7th
automobile delivery; money refunded If not
as represented. 510 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
BRANCH bakery, etc.. price $140; three nice
living rooms; rent $15; value in sight. 1713
Broadway. Oakland.
j FOR rent— Blacksmith shop, with or without '
tools; established six years. Inquire 1306
Railroad ave., Alameda.
FOR pale— The only first-class roadho'use ln
California near San Francisco. Address box
__245S, Call office.
WANTED— To buy a grocery and bar; a good
stand; state location and price asked. Bex
2047. Call office.
ACTIVE man with $500 to take half Interest
in eld established real estate business- refer-
ences required. P. O. box 1G2. Oakland, Cal.
FAMILY liquor store In best neighborhood In
City;.: whole or half. Call 521 Market st.
PA RTX EH- _£.-• loon. boarding" ~Tnd~ lodging
_nousp; 21 beds: $C00. D. M.. 120 Market st!
FOR sale— Half Interest in a first-class fruit
and vegetable stall. Box 4544. Call offlce.
SMALL boarcinc-heuse for sale? rooms" fun?
I Particulars. .10 McAllister St.; after 10 a. m.
ROUTE on Call. Apply at offlce.
SA -ir OON in pood business location, close to
Third and Market sts. Box 2930. Call office.
WANTED— A cigar stand. Box 29S5 Call
office.
FCR sain — Complete cleaning and dvtlne
works. Box 22D5. Call office.
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap. 31->7
Buchanan st. '
FOR SALE^
i ' IZZZZ
MARION GRIFFIN tj
4^G Hearst building, over Examiner entrance
Modern business methods in fine front office'
Phone Black or take elevator to 4th floor
Vp-to-dat., title abstract free with every sale'
We do business strictly according to law.
23 rooms; Sutter st.; rent $7J; c|.*rs
$100 month; well furnished: all men-
a good bargain. ... '. i*i-,nni
13 rovms: elegant furniture; lease;
north of Market; new and the very **
pink of perfection.
32 rocms; offer wanted; 3-year lease-
sunny ride; central: transient and
permanent. • (S'VVMt
50 rooms: new house; new and elegant *-~"'
furnishings; 8-year lease; clears
$ip« menth: all men roomers.
ltO'rrxirr.s In apartments; new house- '
r.ewly turnUhed; full of select peo^
jfle ond pays bis dividends.
16 rooms: housekeeping; rent $50; in-
come $112: 3 blocks of Market; sun-
ny side; half cash. ($750-
117 rooms; rent $330; income $800-
lea** If desired; nicely located; north
of Market *t. . ($6500)
29 rooms; new house; new furniture;
rent $00; 2-year lease; apartments; - - ¦
mechanics. ' • ¦ (tiwii
21 rooms: rent $70; clears $75; need v ' iow '
enly $500 ln cash for first payment;- ($1300)
15 rooms; near Geary St.; S blocks of
Market St.; sunny: first rayment
$500: well furnished. . (tlOOOi
16 rooms: north of Market at.; 10
r.ewly furnished. 6 unfurnished;
rent $45; all full. , ¦ ($500)
60 rooms: electric elevator; nice trade;
olear* $300 per month ; books open
for your examination. (JCOOO)
85 rooms: new: corner; rent $375; In- '"" w '
come $«S0; 5-year lease; extra easy
terms. .' • • ($6500)
D3-room corner: rent $225; clears $176;
6-year lease; transferrable; clean; re-
tpocuible. . ($4000) I
44 rooms; new house: new furniture; *™""
' 5- year lease; electric lights; only
$1200 down. . ($2800)
8 rooms; comer flat: near City Hall; •* ow >
rent $30; Income $50; $200 down and
monthly Installment*.
20 rooms; 3 blocks north; new house;
new and elegant furniture; long
lease; clears monthly. ($*0O>
45 rooms; corner north of Market st.: - - '
owner out of city; a bargain; half
cash. .-. '. ($2000)
22 rooms; corner; all sunny rooms;
north of - Market st. : fine location; •
big bargain for a lady.
$100 \ 'as first payment); splendid,
newly furnished littla transient 1
Louse, ' {ttOOk I
Con tinned.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES, f
¦ Call at once and save $(•
His former $5 readings this week for
$1. $1. $1. ?1. ?l. $1. $1. $1. $1. SI.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
| Unless you obtain the information for which
You' consult, him.- ¦;.:•:'
(You to r>« full Judge.)
PAUL DESTINE. ;
The first registered trance clairyovsnt and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. ¦ An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly, agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom,
ite to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or false; . tell whom and • when you
will,, marry.' In fact I- will- tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than . you can tell
yourself: I restore lest affections, reunite the
beparatecl, cause happy, marriage, make you
successful, l n life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give 'advice on mines
and burled treasury and' insure you success
or charge nothing for my, services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays "2 to 6." *•' |
326— O'Kar'rell St.— -32S. i
AA— MME. RAVENNA, formerly of 6 Fourth
St., has permanently moved to her new and
elezant oiflces.. 830 Howard «t... bet. Fourth
and Fifth; thanking her many patrons and
soliciting their further '. patronage: business
. advice: originator of naints given; full llf«
reauinr, 60c until further notice.
A — Miss M. Wille. 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal eeer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called; for without asking a ques-
: tion; names given; special.- $1; hours 10 lo 8.
MISS ZEJIDAR. young, gifted, clalr. & palm.:
I correctly, treat' your love affairs, domestic
trouble.' bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c;,G...$l. 714 Franklin. ,nr. G. G..ave.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2C.}i Koarny. room 20: ladles, 25c; rents,' 00c.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis »t- : • >
MRS.' SHAKER, clairvoyant, = rard reader: slt-
tlncB dally.. 448%-JPWile gt.. bet, fit h and Hth.
AIR now universally used in : cleaning carpets
¦ on • floor, withouf- removal: . price . moderate.
: S. F.'. Compressed ' Air Cleaning-. Co.. Call
building. Phone Main- 5237. -„
WHEN-you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works.' 355-357. Tehama et.; tel. South 40.
DEL MONTfc— Carpets renovated the floor;
. also beating. 547 -Hayes . st. '.¦, phone Page . 638.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning- Works.: 1S0O Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. , Mission 223.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over.- 1432 Howard.-tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO/. Props. .
RUDOLPH & CO.; carpet-beating works: price's
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel.* Mission 263. ;
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephnn. ic.t 3«.
JOES ». SPRECgCT^S. groprietor.
IZer^cnaim-iSctiscs id IOhTksSad&HT, Kasa^r
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CALL. The Operator "Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You Wlin.
rublication Office Market and Third. 8. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 StevensC* St.
De!«vf^e(S by Carriers 20 Cts. Per Week. 7B
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 8 Cents.
Terms by Hail Including Postage (Cash \Mth
DAILY CALL finolud. Sunday). 1 year...*?-""
DAILY CALL <lnr!ue. Sunday). 6 mot «_(X1
DAILY CALL — By Single Month «»c
SUNDAY CALL 1 Tear. , f**>
WCEKLT CALL 1 Year •• V
fokeicn /aaspgpffl
PObTAGE. \xFeekly. 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Earrsr-le Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subccrlber* In orSering change ofad;
CTf-t* should be particular to give both New"
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure »
proapt acd correct compliance with thtlr rs-
Guesu
OAKLAND OFFICE: ,_
111S Qro-dway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICEt
U<S Cecter etreet Telephone Xortfa TT
WAEHrXOTON* CORRESPONTJENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano, SI
Pon Square: Murray Hill Hotel; FlfU»-av»-
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
K<rtbern Hotel; Tremoct House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGXESS. .Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone, • 'Central 2619.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE.
CTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BESXKXESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOf* XTarket etreet, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
fCT Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until 9:30 p. tn,
SOS Hayes street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
f."r> McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. in.
LM1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22''1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
l<-<: Eleventh r;reet; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valrncia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
oien ur.tll 9 p. m.
NortJ-.wcst corner of Twenty -second and Ken-
tmky streets; open until 9 p. tn.
2200 Ki'lmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXU NOTICES.
CAUF0B2OA Commanderj- No. 1. K. «.
T.— BesuUr assembly THI.S EVEN- *jS^
ING at 0 o'clock; order of Red Cross; JfS
ail fraters courteously invited. H
TliOMAS H. BROWNE. Com.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M. _>
- -Mae— Die Temple meets THIS EVEX-VV
ING. 7 o'clock; 3d D. /V^\
GEORGE PENLIXGTON. Sec.
EPERAKZA Ilaliana. Lodge N'o. 219. e
! <nd A. M.— First decree THISVy
IH1DAY> EVENING. at 7:30 /Vv
ojvicefc. ¦. » ,¦ .. • . .- . .
G. SCALMAX1NI. Secretary.
PAST GRANDS' AsFOciaticn. I. O. ..,.¦¦,-.,
O. r. — Members, attend the regu- -SyjQSfti?'?-
l ¦ athly meeting in Fraternal ' : &g4S72?&3
Ha!!. Odd Fe!lov.s>' buildin», FRI- "'-afrtffK?- i
DAY EVENING. March 11. at 8 o'clock.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON, President.
— m^z
S.»N FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. ><5r%£v
K O. T. M — Review THIS /W^V^SW
(FRIDAY) EVEXIXO. at 8 t£5s~KiE&k
! c^clock. Pioneer Hall, 2* gsSj $7. *f*i\
r "' h D* t B. RICHARDS. '
*THE Californi* DebrU; Commission having re-
<xive<J «pplK_tion to -mine by haudraulic
H-oct-Bf troni F. M. Con:: and s. G. Simmon i
.r. tmiErhnt HlU-pUctT niinlng claim, near i
<Juincy. Pluraas Count}. Cat; drasnint into I
i-V-n.-Ai Crt«k. wh!<h reach.^ Feather River '
Fives notice that mc-etinj; will b« held at
room W Flood buiHing. San Francisco, Cal
March -^V-^ al __» P- »•
ANNUAL Meetlnp— Hutfhinson Sujrar Planta-
ticn Company— The r.p-jlar annual meeting of
teV^T^ S&&SrfS2i?£* US !
th» r:6ce of the company. No. :;27 Market
ureet (room 4. »e< <->nd floor), in the city I
and cour.ty cf t^an Francisco. State of Call- i
Jcrriia. the '«<! day of March
A. D.. 19CI. at the hour of 11 o'clock a in
.or the purpose of e-leotir.g a Board of Di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction cf such other business
*''^ n * y Properly corr.e before the meetirur
Transfer brwike will cloje 6n FRIUAT
Msrch 11. 1004. at S o- clock p. m. lLJA *-
H. W. THOMAS
Eermsry Hutrhlr.son Pupar Plantation Com-
pany. 32, Market street. San Francisco.
California v .,7^T~^.
gan Francisco. Cal.. March K. it>Q4.
A , P' EEK " S B«W I"r S cents — The Weekly Call
ir, pa^fs. in -wrapper. for mailing. $1 per year!
AGENTS UAXTEdT"
V-'AXTED— G^npral aRpnt; industrial Invest -
jn-nt: exceptional opening for capable man- I
libfral compensatior.. Address box 4.".r.2 CalL
AGK.VCIES tor ev^ry city or th* K'nion for 'he
Itelr Tcni? Co.; ll^ral terms. 414
Port ?an Franris^o. Cal.
A D VEETISEME1TT TTEITINa.
HAVING recently acquired through i~ exchange
of prcperty three f40 scholarships ia the te«
Colles*- of Advertising in the United States
I v. .,1 sell them at 25 per cent discount for
<atft: the college teache* advertisement xrrit-
ir.? by correspondence and assists Its grad- I
ratts tn cecure positions ; catalogues fur-
r-'*-.*4 r v , application. Address hox .1023. Call
A rniVATE. quick divorce for a small fee
"^- C « d^J, ave mon#> y: no Pay In advance.
*r G S.-J i ? VkT ~ ATTOIi.VKY-AT-LAW.
Enahlifhed 22 jt». : rms. I.~2,'3 4 & 5 l»t fl
1122 Market «.. between Mason and Taylor'
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed!
R - KING. Attorney -at-Law. ExarnT blig~
«th floor, entrance room 611; retabiiehed "6
year*; all cases. Reneral court and offlce prac-
tice; no fee- in advance or for consultation-
«*veningf! by appointment. Tel. Red S061.
L. T-. CLARK. 827 Market et.TTo"nsu!ution
free; ro fcei In advance; open evenings.
DIVORCE— Costs. 112; quick, quiet; advT^e
free; open evenings. 927 Market «.. rm. SOL
BOAKDIXG F>OI1 CHILDREN.
WANTED— A good home for a young: lnfanTln
a plain tarrily. Address box 4543. Call.
AJfCE9 *
DELICACY and notion etore: g-xxl trade-in
a locality surrounded by families: no oppo-
sition for several blocks; etock all new and
clean; fixtures attractive: living room* and
furniture; rent low. Box 2037, CalL ¦
BARGAIN— Barber ehep; laundry hay> rrnf
good location; S200. TETLOW. 850 Market!
£: l4 AP — &°* T barber 'hop: rent, water' and
light. $20. J. E. TETLOW. jgOMarket «t.
J2S0— PARTNER wanted in wtabiished com-
• miesion business clearlnff ( LV> monthly; will
Clve bank references; experience not re-
qulrfd; grand opportunity. 1007^ Market, r.l.
SS75— PALOON, ctock and fixtures in whole -
. m.* dietrict: murt sell o n account of beins
ssTc-ii XT c city - Addrc "
ro Jox^^i nd o^cr^- bonte and
ETEADT. reliable man to aesist in office- no
experience necessary; good wages- $75' cn«h
inquired. Apply 1-09 Kearny st.. room 1.
GROCERY and liquor store, for eale- rood
trade; cheap rent; long lease; In Italian ouar
ter. Bex 4G05. Call offlce. •
»3.V» INTEREST in utorp; plenty outside work-
will teach you the business. Towers Paint
Company. 1034 Market et.
DEUCACY store; Larkin rt.; well patronized-
b.g bargain. Apply 200 Kearay Et., room l!
rOR rale— Ealooa license and flxturea. 1412
YOU WANT Jf^sTO BE KNOWN TO THOSE S TO KNOW
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st., room 14;
phone Druinm 41. Call for and deliver free.
£
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. Main '5580.
CUBES RUPTURE. !
WHO? — Hunter' 12o« Market st. ; 5100;ruptur-»
cure for tlO; circular explains: send for one.
OK.vrisT.M. : ¦¦: ¦¦
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market." nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new;, teeth
from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
'warranted 20 yrs; crown, $:i- BO: fittings. &0c;
plates. $5; full .'set; all. work, painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental P.arlora. 24 Sixth.
DR. H. G. TOCXG— Bridges and: teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1S41 1'olk- st. ,-.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 35c ."crowns. . $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
PARIS- Dental Parlors,235 Kearny, cor. FJtjsh —
Set teeth, $1 CO up; crowns, $2 up;flll!ngs,25c.
ARTHUS CHISHOLM. surgeorwlentist.r.l4,rst
floor, Phelan bid.. 800 Market, cor. O'Farre'.l.
«. fcj> » tIAKUKS A.\O SUAMSTIIICSSK^
Accordion, sunburst and knife- plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's- button =and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121,
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Mlllhery School —
.Pattterns cut to measure; eve. class 1019 Mkt.
-.EDUCATIONAL. : >
AT home in our new quarters,- the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place ol business
: study in the entire West. New. -complete,
exte.nsive departments. Thorough; ¦ inspiring
Instruction. 75-pagf» catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, ¦ 901-
. 025 Uolden Gate avenue. ...,- ¦ • /.v .. -. : .
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket t-t.:" established 18 years; thi school, that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free. .. !-,
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE." 24 POST, S,
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, , touch typing,
language*, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.'
A LARGER and better school- than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good -position; Gregg
>; shorthand. ¦ Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market at. . - : , •
STAMMERERS taught to talk; no drawl.
: singsong or motions. Call or write Natural
Speech -Academy. 1030 East Twenty-eighth
st., Los Angeles, Cal. . ¦ , - .-.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the unlversiry. law and medical colleges;
V ref.,. President Jordan or ajiy Stanford , profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan -bldg.
SOCIAL dances Wed., Thur».". Sat.- and' Sun.;:
classes Mondays. Frld/iys. ¦ Louise ; Foster's
School of . Danclnz. 1556 Market, nr. Larkin. '
EnmTIOVAt, — Continual.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh. Business College on
advice of official court rt porters and be con-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows" bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith..
1 spelling, writing, etc.; day eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of MinesJl Electricity. 24 Post
St.. S. F. : a . practical school of engineering;
. . complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
bet. Pine and California; classes now open.
KENT Law School always open; conducted by
practical' lawyers. 53K Parrott building.
BANJO, -mandolin .'and j guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary, st.
GUITAR. . mandolin and • piano. $3 per ma:
mandolin club fl per mo. S2S Halght St.
ESPANOL— Metodo practico . y , progresivo.
Rafael Serrano. 630 -California, cuarto nm. 4.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION -Day and
.PARTINGTON'S. 424, Pine si — Night class.
PIANO lessons, "-"5c -half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher.' 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH.French.ete. Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of language; 320 Pest; estab'd 1371; ablest profs.
A BRANCH effice of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been"
•¦* opened- at- 1CCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
¦ Open until 11 p. m. - :-.;.:\:-. ¦•-¦
EMPLOVJIEST' OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. «21 Post^rT/tei?^ush~133^
' JApaneze-'Chlnese employment office; fur.
\ nishes.best help: contracts for farm .help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
¦ Chinese help. 420 Powell st. Tel. Main 5732.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau,
. 504 Kearny ist:, 'room 1 3; 'phone -Black 4458.
CHINESE- Employment -Office — Best help at
X<on Seung's. 411^ O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
FRITZ'S Erop. Office;' Japanese and Chinese
v - help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 168.-
•RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all klnda help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE . and Japanese help: estab 20 years
Tel Main laOt. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clayl
, EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
TWO. reliable girls -wish positions; one as cook.
' other as chambermaid; .-best of 'references.
* ' Address : 13 Hampton ' Terrace.- oft WaJhtng-
¦ ton »t... bet.. Powell and Stockton. -^ '
A- YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to do work In
a . family. Address 123H Langton st.. be-
tween 7th and 8th, Folaom and Harrison.
A CARE-TAKER, at • present ¦ employed In
country, wishes houw to care for. In city
, or . elsewhere after ' April 1 ; . best • references
: given.' Address M.~ M.. Ross. Calif., P. O.
box 12. ¦ . ¦ - . ¦ ¦ ¦ .
BY a German girl, housework of any kind: In
-'.private family. Apply at 328 Jessie st.. bet.
Fourth and, Fifth.
EMPLOYJfEXT WAXTEP; — FEMALB.
A RELIABLE woman would lUe .T"""*^
hou««work by th« day. Call or *<"ress MRS.
L. LEECH. 14.S sixth at.. Brunawlck Houso.
SITUATION wanted fnr orvt.an tirl of 14 1 to
asolst Jn work In exchange for good horn*.
Box 4.".M. Call office. ______
FRENCir _irl d^tres position In family for
second work or chambermaid; wagea *-o.
Addreaei 2=9 >i Sixth st.
A WOMA.V~wants ivashlnff or any kind of
work by the day. Call l-'l Turk «t.: In rear.
TOUNO lady with experience as b_>2- k^ P n r
wl«ihe» position In office. Box 22$>. Call.
PROFESSIONAL, nurse wishes care of tnvalld
at 140 per month or confinement cases at »io
per week. Address MRS. H. H. B.. 1336
Hide st. _____
EXPERIENCED and partly trained nurse de-
sire* care or Invalid; $33 per month. Box
2203, Call olOee. ___^ .
A COMPETENT woman wishes work by th«
day. Address box 4M2. Call of flea.
FRENCH rlrl wishes to do genera! house-
work; references. Call Branch. 2200 FlUmor*.
A LADY wishes laundering- to do at home.
Phop« Fill 1041.
A~BRAXCH offle* of The Call for the rsceptlof*
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea
epened at 1003 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ___
ADVERTISEMENTS, supscrtptlom received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church ite.
"WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. B33 McAllister »t.
EMPLOYMENT WA.\TED— M.UJ.
A GARDENER thoroughly versed la all
branches of horticulture under class and
outside; 8 years In laet position: with best
of recommendations. Box 4606. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER— Tounj man. with 2 years
experience, desires situation with wholesale
house; can furnish own machine. Box 4604.
Call office. ¦
YOUNG man wishes a situation as engineer:
has ten years' experience of oil burnlny and
•team fitting. Address Engineer, box .
Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS, experienced colored cook
would like a position in saloon or commer-
cial lunch parlor; beat of city references.
Box. 4.W4. Call ofice.
ELEVATOR operator- — Reliable young maa
wants position as elevator man in the city.
Box 4357, Call office^
WANTED— Position In rood country town by
young barber. Box 4M1. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by strong boy. Box 4X53,
Call office.
CUTTER. Fifth ave.. New York; a, strictly
up-to-date custom cutter desires to ma ko a
change for California; city or country;
practical tailor; the verv best of references.
A. L. 8.. S3 South Clinton ave., Rochester,
New Tork.
CATHOLIC younr man; understands well ear*
of horses, cariidges. driving, milking, garden
work; all-round man; willing and reliable;
references. Box 4523, Call office.
ALL-ROUND, handy, reliable man (with fam-
ily) desires steady work as Janitor or som*
position ol trust. 2 Hampton court, rear 6C3
Harrison st.
AS bartender — Experience; middle-aged, sober
and respectable: references; town or country.
Bartender. 404 Third st.
A MAN who t3 trustworthy and reliable de-
sires position as night watchman. Address
H. F.. 610 Third st.
BARBER — Young, married man would llks
cteady position. Please address HENRY
KAMMERER. 122 Turk st.
MAN wants dace on ranch (-wife also If de-
sired): understands horses, cattle, sheep or
general fariniiuc; some knowledge o! fruit;
able to take tail charge; capable of manag-
ing large place; best references. Address,
with tarticulars. HENRY ROBINSON.
South Berkeley.
WANTED — Position by competent and reliable)
man; understands care of hcrses. cows, etc.;
good gardener and handy with tools; refer-
ences. Address 1105 Twenty-eighth st., Oak-
land.
RELIABLE, steady young man wishes situa-
tion for half days; no Janitor work; refer-
ence. Address H. E. II.. 1522 Railroad ave..
Alameda. » < ¦ i|
ATTORNEY, who Is also experienced office
man, bookkeeper. correspondent. business
manager. »tc. wilt accept position with cor-
poration. Box 4527. Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY man <3S> wants position as
night watchman: can furnish references.
Address I. B., "36 Folsom st.
WANTED — By a boy from the country, with
tome experience, a situation In a tailor shop.
Address box 4545. Call office.
BARBER — First class. »ober. wanU Cr_t-cta.«s
job; state wages. Address Barber, box 4525.
Call office.
STENOGRAPHER and offlc* assistant: 5
months' experience: best references ; salary
$40 a month. Address HOtddy at., room 15.
BARBER would like steady Job. Please a.l-
dress THEO WUESTEMAN. P.H9 Bartlett st.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wishes steady
position. Box 45a$. Call office.
i A JAPANESE boy wants a place to Ao cook-
Ing in small family; speaks Knirltsh very
well. FRANK NAKA, 1714 Devlsadero at.;
tel. Scnft 577. ,V-j ..
A STRONG Japanese wishes position u> do
laundry in private family: good experience.
K1.VU. 465 Jessie st.
GOOD Japanese wants situation to do cooking
and housework In city. 1100 Pierce st. ; tel.
Scott 17S5. :
CHINESE flrst-plass rock wants position la
family. YOUNG YOU. 62ft Dupont st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received .-»t
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st».
CHEAPEST and b?st In America — The Weekty
Call. 16 pa<es. Tent to any address In th»
I'nlted States rr Canada r.n<» yeir for <1.
F1XAXCIAU
* 4 >a PER CENT ~~
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and H
per cent on term accounts by th« Phoenix
Savings B. and L. Association. 51U California
tt. A. A. Watklns. president: Charles R.
Bishop, vice president; S. Prentlss Smith.
¦ treasurer; Clarence Orange, secretary and
.managing director: Gavin McNab, attorney;
George C. Foardman and Charles E. La M.
directors: Walter K. Smith, crshier.
Subscribed capital. $S.n0O,0OO: paid In capi-
tal. $1.00O,0CO; reserve fund. $200,000.
FEATHER KEXOVAT1.VO.
BY ' new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 32ft Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard .1167.
KLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: aa Immense list;
¦enrtce .absolutely free; take advantage, of
this department: It will save you time acd
trouble. Cordes Furnitui s Co.. 243-259 Geary
at., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses art
Hated In our renting department; let us gtv*
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1033 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
FELL. 651. between Buchanan and Webster- —
New sunny flat, never occupied: S rooms and
bath;- every modern Improvement.
SWELL 4 rooms and bath. 957 Hayes st. : wa-
ter, garbage; hall lights; Janitor service;
$r,(v-s:;_ 50.
ELEGANT northwest corner flat. 7 rooms (all
front); bath, marine view. Phone Geary 4-J8.
SUNNY flat to let. Including stalls for 3 or ~A
horses. 814 Treat ave.. near 21st and Folsom.
POLK; 2504. cor. Filbert— Fine sunny flat;
¦even large rooms: marine view; rent. *33.
STEINER. SS2-S34 — Two beautiful, sunny flats,
8 rooms; rent reasonable.
FJLATS FOH SALE KUKXI.tHgp.
j ELLIS. 1WO— Nicely furnished 8-room flat
| cheap; parties going Hast.
j NICELY furnished, modern D-room flat -.sunny
1 corner. VM Van Ness ave.
F1%AT9 WA%TED
, WANTED— Flat. 5 or 6 rooms, with bath b--
tween Taylor. Laguna. Turk and Geary sts rV
' will buy if furnished; separate entranc-.
Dox 22S.S. Call office. . ,
, FUK.MTtiKE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods of every description; flat*
bought. Mission Auc. House-. 423-4S8 Valencia.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT, "73 Mission, phone R-d ner
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets!
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdsc. L. H
- BURD. aucUoneer.rSlS Mkt.; teL Howard 2751
To Advertisers iia Next Sunday's Classified Columns
. 'THE CAt<L Offers Free a Nine-IiicK Flexible Cellii- ..
load- Letter Opesner and Paper.; Ctstter Witli Ibittho*
" .graphed. Handle— a Very Necessary Article for Home
irorOfficeUse. & \p \&J "" v*» , \f? |ij£
This gift can be obtained by placing a Want Ad in Next SUNDAY'S CALL, and in no other
way can one bs secured. Pr2mium will ba given Thursday, Friday and until 11 p. m. Saturday.
Aftfr that hour offer will be closed.
LETTER OPENER AND PAPER CUTTER-
— -TELL YOUR WANTS
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL ¦•*
And you will be speaking- direct to OVER 55,000 REGULAR
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising medium.
It is safe to figure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to
255,000 PERSONS, most of whom arc home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable class of our
community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares. 3-"'
Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and' SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Sun-
day's Call.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.' corner Market and Third streets; .
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
' BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth: open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
200 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
63J> McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m. •
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
¦ 22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open until 9 p. m.
IOC Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m..
1090 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. '
' "?--,- —
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway : Telephone Main 1033
BERKELEY OFFICE: ,
214$ Center Street * ;•••• .....Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store. : Park streetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. .FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1904.
13
1 APAETMEHT HOUSES — Continued.
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments; 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc.: unfurnished or (urnlshed to
order: new house. The St. Charles. 1560
Sacramento st.. near Larkln.
ST. CEC1LE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness — The
acme of perfection In elegantly turn. 3-room
apartments: private baths, steam heat, elec-
eric lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
St Andre. 1230 Pine— New management, superb
aptmts:strlctly first-class :steam heat: electric
lights;prlv.;phone;elev.:l to 4 rms.;wlth prlv.
bath; turn, or unturn. MRS. W. WEIR, prop.
MASON. S25— Elegantly furnished eunny 4
rooms; apartment?; private; bath; electric
lights; phone; adults. .
IROQUOIS Apartments. 510 E11K nr. Leaven-
worth: 2, 3 and 4 rms.: open for Inspection.
HADDON HALL.
001 EDDY ST. .REFERENCES.
/VAi»A«nroaTrawAirraa.
WANTED— A well furnished apartment of 5
100ms; must have all modern conveniences.
Box 2946. Call office.
A 3-ROOM apartment wanted, furnished. Ad-'
dress box 2902. Call office.
w "?_*??*. _T" .'•J??l*rr?^?5'*-. .?!*-*? . JI?*^?':
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom su. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up: this is the only up-to-date icuse in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A^BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night SI 25 to S3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth *t>— Rocms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 80 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ALL newly furnished, beautiful rooms at the
Waverly rooming house. 841 O'Farrell st
BURNETT. 142tF~Market <old No. 13«4>— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 El!is, corner ilason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). CIS Post. nr. Taylor— Ju»t
epened; desirably located; sunny, single roouis
, and suites, with private baths, hot and ccld
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 if drslred.
ELLIP. 611— Nicely furnished suite, suitable
for 4 gentlemen or 4 ladles; phone and bath.
FERN HALL71l2~Bush— Elegantly furn. rms. ;
all sunny; terms reasonable; references.
FIRST. 317 — Large, front, sunny room for 2
men.
FOR single gentleman. In private home (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2621, Call office.
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. Golden Gate ave.— Sunny
furnished front room; all conveniences. $S.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night: $1 SO to $« wk.; reading-room.
GOUGH. 1309 — Sunny front room to gentle-
man: also side room; rent reasonable.
HAWTHORNE, 1«, off Howard st. nr. Third—
Two large sunny rooms; yard. sink, stove,
gas; $12 tier month.
HOWARD 640 — Large sunny front room, suit-
able for two; respectable people wanted: $3
month.
HYDE. 1406— Two large, unfurnished, sunny
rooms; use of bath; $12.
MASON. S25 — Elerantly furnished sunny
roonr.s: «ulte and single: bath; electric lights;
phone: adu'.ts.
JESSIE. 363. eact U. S». Mint — Furnished
rcoms, $5 and $7 per month.
ROYAL House. "120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-tocm and ladies' par-
lcr; roome per night. 33c to $1 50: week. $2
to $S; month. $S to $-10; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER. 406 — A bay-window unfurnished
sunny suite for gentlemen: rent $2.V •
THE AVOCA. 837A Ml?*icn— Furn. rooms by
• the day. week or month; prices reasonable.
THE PIERRE. 579 O'Farrell— New. modern,
up-to-date .rooms; central: $12 to $20.
TURK. 7f>O— Elegantly furnished, sunny front
suite; all modern conveniences; reasonable.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — »C0
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to S&week; elec-
tnc lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator.read.-r.>om: free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 519 — Elegant front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN WINKLE. 207 Jones— Nicely furnished
rooms. ?2; runny suites. $5 per week; bath*
WASHINGTON. 1402— Large sunny front room
for 2. with or without board.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus;' baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light In every
room; 15e to $1 a night: 75c to $5 a week;
open all night: convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 ' Market st. opposite Fifth.
Oren until 11 r*. m.
ROOM* . AS """*\ U ":
HOTEL HATTON
977 Pine, near Taylor: elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences: excellent table. -
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70«.
~~ EARLCOURT.
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPENING; EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCE.
HOWARD. 841A— Flmt-claas board with room,
single or double. $4 .10-$5 week: American
family; home cooking; home comforts; piano.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table; from $40; single $25.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, wltn batos: also single; homelike.
ROOMS AXI> BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Board and rooms for husband and
wife In a private family tn the country,
close to city, on car line; small country
home preferred, where they have their own
fruit orchard, chickens, cows, etc.: state ac-
commodations and rates. Box 2939. Call.
SPECIAL .\OTICES.
LADIES, send your address to 1128 Market st, ,
S. F.. valuable Information: room 2. •
SEW1XG -MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use;
best Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office, 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chine*: slightly used; $10. $15. $20; second-
hand, $3. $5. $S: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cura
In every case: individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cur*.
TYPEWRITERS ANO SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW gocd typewriters at $30 each; get par-
tlculars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
' somery fit. ¦
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspee. Co.. 508 Market.
DIV1DEVU KOT1CE1. _^
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market st. opposite Third—
For the half year ending 31st of December,
1903, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates.
free of tases. payable; on and after SATUR-
, DAY. January 2. 1901. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following 1 marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Thomas A. Cullixan. 35, city, and Catherine
Hackelt. 25, city.
Karl Biomstrom. 31. 541 SUth street, and
Mary Mafon. 31. 12» Juniper street
John Wthterlund. 21. Alameda. and Wilhel-
mlna Wlese. IS, Alameda.
ErWBl C. Heine.' 21. I'll Ellis street, and
Lena Holle. IS, ttU Florida street.
- Frank D. Rails, 22. Lodl. and Mary S.
Sollars, 27. Loat
Jraeph H. Mlbecb. 24. COS Market street,
and Clara R. Flee." 21. 298 Noe street
Jame* T. Ralph. 25. 118 Sixth street, and
LUll-in Versalovlch, 23, 110 Sixth street.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
C2«— MONTGOMERY - ST 52rt. •
Phone Main 1191 UPSTAIRS
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
S more carpenters, very long job; call early;
ffhip to-day: $SO and found. »
NEVADA GOVERNMENT WORK. 8 hours
SPECIAL CHEAP FARE rSHIP TO-DAY.
Laborer?, muckers, teamsters, rockmen, tun-
nelraen 8 hours NEVADA
Cranemen, dredger. $33 ar.d fd.; 20 colliers.
WANTED— Those, who served in the U. S. Vol.
unteers In the war with Spain and tha Philip-
pine rebellion to apply for two months' extra
pay. which is now due. For particulars, call
or address F. B. WILSON, 45C Parrott bldg.,
San FranciEco, Cal.; open from 9 a. m. to i
P. m.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade in the most practical school; po-
rltjr.ns found. WESTERN COLLEGE OF
BARBERS. 647 Commercial st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, bas
added ICO new rcorus to the Denver Houso,
217 Third St.; 250 rocms; 25c to 00c per night
150 YOUNG men. 18 years of a«e. to organize
military organisation. Call S. SZANIK 473
Valencia St.. between 6 and s'p. m.
PENSION ATTT.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons fcr whom I have secured pensions.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1' and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
express or main charges. 11 Sd et.. Exam. bid.
TOUJfQ men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters.
gr»en hands, for >blp». DENT'S. 2<J Steuart.
i BARBERS— 3-chair outfit for sale cheap. Call
720 California *t
BARBER — Want to buy 1-chalr country shop.
K. ZIORNKA. 777 McAllister st •
MAN to do janitor work for tuition In 8 F.
j Barber School. 741 Howard <rt. ¦ '
Pension Atty., E. A. Btil'.is. r. 40. Phelan bldg
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
j WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third Bt. near Mar-
ket— 700 room*; 35c night; reading - rooms;
free 'bug and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
rf adverti.s<>m»>nts and subscriptions has been
pr>med at 100S Market «t.. opposite Fifth.
Op^n until 11 p. m.
j ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Cali Branch o.fflce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
. ALL sires xr.en'a shoes, slightly damaged, half
price, COS Mission St., bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET ycur shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c
to 5Oc. C6.1 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d stg.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
REGULAR auction sales of horses, buggies,
wagons and harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at tilS Ellis St.; all horses guaranteed
to be as represented. S. W ATKINS. Auc-
tioneer. Phone East 743.
AUCTION sale of hcrees every Wednesday at
11 s_ m.. 327 Sixth st; every horse must be
a* represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
BAY horse. 16 hands;, price. $200: surrey.
$75; new butcher or irroeery wagon. $125;
beach tram 6 seater. f35ft- rubber tire top
road bugiry. $75. Box 4?>4S. Cal 1.
FOR Fale— At Eclipse stable. 1375 Eddy st,
brood mare, weight 1250; 3 business horses;
two cheap carts. •
WANTED — A gocd. sound driving horse for
city u»e: state age and price asked. Box
2304. Call office.
FOR sale-^-5-year-old mare; roadster; single
or saddle., 2C56 McAllister st.
HORSE for sale. 7 years old; good, true work-
er; 1200 lbs. Box 2929. Call office/
FOR SALE — Light delivery wagon used very
little. Box 2932. Call office.
I WILL Rive pasture to two horses for the
use of one; light driving. Box 2945. Call.
WANTED— To buy a light business buggy.
must be in good condition. Box 2964. Ca'.l.
AUCTION every Tuesday. 11 a. m.. of horees,
wagons and harness, at 1140 Folsom st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagen
»nd go-cart for sale, cheap. 532 Mission St.
Large« asscrtmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. syr-
iry.harnew.work.drlvlr.g hcrscs. I5th-Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED liFt of houses to let; pend for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
j MCALLISTER. 12C» — 12 rooms, bath and bil-
llard-room; $fi0; water free; modern.
SEE Renting Department M. Friedman & Co..
2.17 Post f»t.. fcr nice flats and hous^n.
BEFORE moving p»t our printed lint of houses
tO >Pt " PALmvlN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
"OtSES TO LET — FL'RXISHED.
A SPLENDID location; 10 rooms; nlcely~fur^
r.lvhed: bargain. 1555 Octavla tt..cor.Sntter.
KOR SALE.
J600; MUST sell to-day; parties~g^inK~away7
6-rocraed bouse: new furniture. 1009 Sut-
ter st-
$6SO— MUST Mil to-day; parties colng away;
S-room house.- new furniture. 10fU» Sutfr st.
LOST AM) VOUXO
LOST— March 9. 5 o'clock.~on Thirteenth et.',
n«ar Howard, horse and wagon belonging to
Jay A Brand, plumber*. 21U3A Mission Kt.;
bay marc, medium niie. with three white'
ciicles around left frr.nl foct and three white
epotn on left side; wagon No. 2:J42D. Ile-
uaril.
$2 ?- K ,EW' AI *D— Lost, a brown»eolon?d Scotch
Collie; white breast; license tag on l?g No
4«4D: niso h?.<l umall black collar. It will be
greatly appreciated If finder will return to
owner at s!l?0 Central ave.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbemfa Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of ALBERT ECKMAN No
1!»-1&45. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— On O'Farrell «.. March 4/f cold* •tick-
pin. sapphire In center surrounded by U dia-
mond*. Liberal reward If returned to A
CROCKER. 607 Montgomery st.
LOST— Tuesday, small fox terrier (femalf)
white with tan spots; license No. ISU; any
Information will he liberally rewarded 814
Market rt.. or 122 Haizht st.
LOST— ON Grant ave. -O'Farrell. Tuesday
morning. 1 :30 o'clock, gold locket, diamond in
• enter, end Fold chain; $20 reward; keepsake.
Return to 3&g Third st'
LOST — A brown fur boa: liberal reward to
finder. Address C. W. HUNT. Pacific Mu-
tual building.
LOST — Large Newfoundland do?; color, black;
answers to name of Rube. Return to 1SJ2
Jacki-cn Et.; reward.
IX)ST — Great Dane. Return to 1362 Hayes st:
reward.
FOUND— A pin In an automobile; owner can
have it by proving property. 214 Post St.
MEDICAL. ~ ~
I LADIES desiring- safe, sure and quick relief
: lrom irregularities consult me at once; my
method* are always painless and reli-
able: I have no failures: cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience In all
female disorders; call or write without tlelay
advice free; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market et. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for. all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: SO years' experience. 82tt Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for. all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
hef guaranteed. lOOSH Market st., opp. 3th.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are slok or
In trouble consult this specialist on . female
complaint*: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult caj>es treated-
a<ivice free. Office. 101S Market at.
Drs. Goodwin. 7.".3 Turk, nr. Van Ness— Expert
in oestetrics. female complaint*: lnst relief;,
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 6; 23 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before end during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MP.S. DAVIES and HINDOO HEHBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DP.. ROSEN resides 2305 Folsom st., corner
2Cth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.-
DR. NG. TOY KKE, 319 PoweU st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCKI.LAXEOCS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ¦ '• ~
Repair it with elatcrlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs
ELATEIUTK ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
OAK bedroom set spring tfnd top mattress; a
No. 7 range. Apply 1924 Poet st. -
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE KILE Y tc BOUG, 109 Vallejo su
PERSONALS.
I HEREBY give notlco that I have purchased
the business. .conducted at 400 Third st.,
known as the Red Front; all outstanding
claims against the business must be present-
ed by 12 o'clock, Tuesday, 15th, '04. NICO-
LAS PAPPOS. ' . y
INFORMATION v.an'ted of John Driver, or
Samuel Driver; John Driver is a cripple, age
1 about 60 years; Samuel Driver Is some years
younger; information of their present resi-
dence will bo rewarded. L. HARRIS. 1400
WtbEter et. San -Francisco, Cal.
I ilEREBY give notice that I have disposed of
. my 'merest in the New Cosmopolitan Hotel,
In Mayfleltl. Cal.. and will not ..be responsible
for any debts contracted by that concern
after this date and since November 15.
JOHN DEMARTIXI. •
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
• contracts with leading houses to take all
their ghort ends, called remnants. W« make
you a fine suit on installments cheaper than
others do fcr ctsh. LEON LEMOS. merchant
tailor. .1127 Market st. bet. "th and 8th.
GRADUATES of. New Tork School of Massage
-Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for • rheumatism; genuine
¦ tubs, hot and ccld water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 116 Taylor.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray. hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
clf-ansee scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' [ac-
cept no substltue. Star Remedy Co., 1333 Polk.
A— Mlcrotlne, a positive cure for catarrh, cold
In the head, hay .fever, headache and all
bronchial i affections; send for .free sample,
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE. CO., 272 9th.
THE infallible system: the only ' copyrighted
successful method of keeping ahead of the
race?; good forever; price ?1. Sold only by
PITTS, IOCS Market rt. <
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cuie<J by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and ell drug dls-
easen positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
812 Shot well; consultation free: cali or writt- .
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, shows
the work that Is the Important item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 7S1 O'Farrell.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkle*,
all blemishes removed: shampooing specialty.
. MME. KOCME. 231 I'ost. parlors 1.1 and It.
AT I«-ss than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers al CHARLES LYONS 1 . London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Eat. and Sun.:
- classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
¦ School of Dancing. 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
GET your gents', ladies' and children's furnish-
. Ings at P. FELIZ'S. 352 Third Bt.
SUITS to order on installment* of $1 p*r week.
NEITHAUS & CO. (inc.). tallors..72a Market
LIQUOR habit cured In two days or no charge
ACME LIQUOR CURE. CO.. 007 Market stl
Actina restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3824 19th. nr. Valencia,
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 380 Sut-
ter. r. CCO. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 8$.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs-
_countryj>rders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by~eiecl
trie needle. Dr.. and Mrs. Travers, 1170 Mkt
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants~$2~5o!
Mlsflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores" gray
hair \o its natural color, $1; at all druggists'.
FRENCH massage in exchange for • English
lessons. Box 4519 . Call office. i
——————— \
MADAM DEVA8.'. . »
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBE3
BUILDING. 139 POST ST.
ELIVINE BERSCH— Best card reader: reads
fortunes by the planet cards. 26S5 Misslcn
St., bet. 22d and 23d.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor st..- near Geary. Phone Black MSI.
rAI'KRHAJVGIAG. I'AIXTI.VG. ETC.
ROOMS' papered. $4 up: tinting. painting.
Hartrrann Paint Co.. 310 Third: tel. Main 413.
PASTURAGE.
600 ACRES fine pasture; horses only; terms $3
per month. Inquire EUGENE RILEY, 100
Vallejo ft.. San Francisco.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, ». Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
April r>, 1004, and publicly opened immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the navy yards.
Mare Island, Cal., and I'uget Sound, Wash.,
a quantity of oil-in*ulater| transformers, elec-
tric blowers, motor-generator set. rubber-
coverrd wire, flexible cord, conduit and fit-
tings, electrical supplies, brushes, bolts, nuta.
Iron witv, hydraulic Jacks, screws, pad-
locks, miscellaneous hardware and hand
tools, sheet brasB and copper, ingot copper,
bar steel, steel blooms, plain and galvanized
Ehrft steel., solder, ffcb and «heet zinc, flax
packing, $rum safket. asbestos packing.
Tuck's packing, oxidized eheet Bum, hose,
calcium chloride, gasoline, kerosene oil. tar,
navy lubricant, petrolatum, <Umar varnish,
lye, acid?, potash, putty, white lead, white
zinc, miscellaneous paints, brass pipe,
wrought Iron pipe, nickel silver tuben, pipe
fittinps, water-gauge glns?^, valves, lard,
bear-p, pepper, tinned peaches, tinned pears,
macaroni, memorandum pads, miscellaneous
stationery, lavatories, bathtubs, etc., lava-
tory fitting!*, workbenches, leather belting,
bellows leather, ash. cotton twine, burlaps.
Dowlas linen,^ oakum, cheese cloth, white
enamel cloth, ' rivet and asbestos cement,
Portland cement, fire brick, safety matches
and pipe bender. ¦ Blank proposals will be
furnished upon supplication to the navy pay
offices, San Francisco, Cal., and Seattle,
Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS, Paymaster Gen-
eral U. S. I*. 3-1-04
UNIVERSITY of California, Berkeley— Notice
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
tolici'ed fcr performing the labor and fur-
nli-hirg the materials for grading, leveling
and terracing certain portions of the grounds
of th- Affiliated Colleges of tho University
or California. tiontint,- on Parnassus
avenue. Ban Francisco, Cat., and said
bids will be received at the office of
the Regents. South Hall, Berkeley, at
or before 12 o'clock m. of March IS, 1004.
Plans and specifications for said grading
have been adopted and may be examined
daily at the office of N. BLAISDELL. room
18. 222 Sansome St., San Francisco, from
U a. m. until 4 p. m.
Bids must be In the form contained in 'the
specifications. No bids will be considered
unltfs accompanied hy a eurtin>d check or
bond of cidder. In favor of the Re-
Kents of the; University of California, equal
to ten (10) per cent of his bid. with sufficient
sureties, conditioned that if said bid be ac-
ceptod the bidder will duly enter Into a
proper contract and bond to perform tho duty
and obligation* In accordance with said bid
and with the plans and specifications, which
are hereby required to be a part of such
contract The rlKht to reject any and all bids
is hereby reserved.
' B" order of the Committee on Grounds and
BuildlnKS of the "Board of Ree»nts.
V. H. HENDERSON.
» , ••". Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for sate and stone wall— Olflee
Depot Quartermaster, -".(J New Montgomery
n.. San Francisco, Cal., March 10, 1904.
Scaled nroposals in triplicate will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock ft. m..
March 26. 1W)1. anil then opened, ' for con-
struction of ft Boteway and a stone
wall itlf.nt southern nnd, eastern boundary
11ms of the PreslJio Military Reservation,
San Francisco. Cal., in accordance with
plan"? and specifications to be seen at this
office. C. A. DEVOL. Major and Quarter-
rr.aner. U. S. A., Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for ' subsistence supplies Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco Cal.,
March 0. 1904.— Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received here until It o'clock
. a. m.. Saturday, March 21. 1904, and opened
Immediately theerafter. In Presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, general instructions to
htd.lrrs and blank forms of proposals will be
furnished to established dealers on appllca-
tlon to C. R. KRAUTHOFF. Maj. Com'y.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In" EARS
positively cured: new methods; 1 week's treat-
mtnt free. Dr. Cottlngham. 201 Sutter st .
8TOaA|iB AjtP^VA ltBH»i;SK«*.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household ' Kooda stored, movM, shipped. 723-
731-Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storng! & Movimr Co., cf"
tlce Poat and Powell sts.; tel Prlv. -Ex. ST1.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. K33 Golden Gate are.; Phono East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 810
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. ,F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movlnsr Com-
pany.; 2.'i20 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BnKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
at; tel. Main 1S10. Shipping- at cut rates.
HEAL ESTATE— CITY— rOR^SALB.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANT,
?i3!S MARKKT STREET
AUCTION.
TUESDAY March 13, 1904
At our salesrooms, at 12 o'clock noon.
HAIGHT-STREET FLATS.
Nos. 983, 085 and 987 Haight st..' east of
Broderlck, 3 beautiful new flats built last
December, containing 0, 7 and 7 rooms, porce-
lain bath, high basement; modern In every
respect; rents $120 per month,
CORNER FLATS. .
Southeast corner of Broderick and Haight;
lot 29:6x77 ft.; 3 handsome new flats; modern
in every respect; containing «, 7 and 7 rooms,
porcelain baths, etc, ; renting for $150 month.
BRODERICK-ST. FLATS.
, Nos. 3S. 40 and 42 Broderlck st.; lot 33x62:6;
3 new modern flats of 5. 6 and 6 rooms and
porcelain baths; rents $105 per month.
FIFTH-AVE BUILDINO LOT.
Westerly . line of 5th ave., 25 feet N. of
Hugo st.; size 25x05; this lot is level and
ready tor builrllns; street work and sewering
all done; situated In a growing neighborhood.
TWENTT-THIRD-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 333a 2:id st; lot 25x9S It; Improvements
consist of an elegant C-room house, bath and
high basement; rents for $30 per month;
$25(>O mortgage can remain.
POINT LOBOS AVE BUILDINO LOT.
Southerly line of Point Lobos ave., 32:6 rt.
west of 9th ave.; lot 25x100; mortgage $400.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
Nos. 1522-2* Fell st.; lot 25x100; 2 beauti-
ful little flats facing Park Panhandle and
remaining 4 and 5 rooms and bath; renting
for $48 per month.
18TH-ST. BUILDING LOT."
Southerly line of 18th st.. 255 ft. W. of
Sanchez st.: 1" lots, 25x114 each.
HOWARD-STREET INVESTMENT.
Northerly line of Howard St.. 250 ft. E. of
Plxth St.; lot 25xS5; No. 872; old Improvements
thereon renting for HZt per month.
NATOMA-STREET INVESTMENT.
2CS-26&H Natoma st.. N. line W. of Third
»t.; lot 27:6x80; Improvements consist of 3-
story frame building containing store and 2
rooms and . 4 small flats of 3 rooms each;
rent $75 per month. •
For further particulars apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
$1.2.'j PER WEEK, no Interest Lots In tne
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level, no
¦firading to do: ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
< W. J. WHITE.
2fl Montgomery St., Room 5. ,
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 per month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due. making your in-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$10.850 — 3 SWELL flats, not yet completed, but
rented for $1200 per year; 7th-ave. boulevard.
• Nos.7«0-2-4, near Fulton St.; 16 minutes from
City Hall; all-night car service; every possi-
ble latest Improvement; 25x120. Apply on
prem Ises, from 1 to 4. ,
I WANT to buy
2 vacant lots or
A house and lot LvVc
In the Sunset District.
State location and price.
Box 2952. Call office.
REDUCED from J2M0 to $1800 to make a
quick sale: cottage of 5 rooms and bath; on
Shotwell Ft.; can get a loan of $1400. D.
COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission Bt
BUILD en your unimproved realty: we loaa
i full cost lmprov. and part lot at C per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
PLUMBING, new or old; estimates given.
AHLBACH & MAYER. 836 Howwrd *t.
HEAL ESTATE Country For Sale.
FOR sale — Country homes In every county In
California, at all prices, from $450 00 to
$75,000 CO. Immense list to select from. If
you want land of any kind call on
HOWE & MERR1TT,
952 Broadway. Oakland.
320 ACRES fine fruit, alfalfa or grain land. |
near Winters. Cal.; property of VJood Tem-
plars/ home for orphans: must be sold. Call
or address VOLNEY TAYLOR, 1450 West et.,
Oakland.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyard!-: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues *ent free. * C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market st. ,
HOMESTEAD or timber claim. $25; l«0 acres
Gov. land; woofl and water. Box 45W; Call.
MILL VALLFA' ADV'IIT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY _BtgAt. ESTATM.
SELLING FAST.
SELLING FAST.
100 SOLD VI' TO DATE.
Large new subdivision at the station of Mill
Valley; 40 acres In large lotn In the very cen-
ter of the valley, none of which are less than
50x120; prices range from. $400 to $800: terms ;
10 ner cent cash, balance $10 monthly; grand
home site* amidst pleasant surroundlnga;
beautiful views of mountains and bay; the
climate unequal*^; splendid opportunity for an
Investment; land values bound to increase, as
Mill Valley is rapidly coming to the front; the
new electric road has shortened the time to 40
minutes from the city. Mill Valley has all the
conveniences of a city; fine supply of pure
mountain water; good sewerage and drainage,
electric lights. ¦ stores, churches and schools,
and in fact all conveniences: lots beautifully
wooded; send for our new illustrated book de-
scrlptlv* of Mill Valley.
LYON & HOAG. v ll« Montgomery st
BERKELEY ABVERT'S'M'NTS
BKRKBLEY REAL ESTATE.
ON runny side of Essex st. one block from
Ashby station, between Adeline and Shattuck
ave. ; house of 0 rocms; price reduced $250
for ten days; by owner only. C. R. SHAW,
1566 Eleventh ave.: tel. Brook 130. Make
appointment by mall or telephone.
$725 — 3-ROOM cottaEe, 1 block from car line;
lot 30x100: easy terms; situated at 1000
Grayson st. West Berkeley.
MORAN & SWAIN. 2131 Shattuck ave.. i
opp. Berkeley Station.
A. MURDOCK A CO.. South Berkeley station.
. for bargains: we build, buy. sell or exchange..
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKUM) HEAL ESTATE.
foiTrentin "east~oakland! i '.~*
$27 CO — Modern S-room house on Twelfth ave.,
near car line and school; good stable;
high, sunny location.
$22 50— Choice 7-room flat on Fifth ave.; con-
venient to car line and station.
B. H. WELCH & CO.,
Fifth ave. and Eighteenth st.
THIRTY-SEVENTH St.. near Westr^evThouM
' 0 large rooms; up to date; 2 blocks from .
' bank and "Key Route" station; small de- '
posit down;- private loan; genuine bargain;
will sell carpets.
OWNER. P. O. box 162.
¦ ¦ ¦ Oakland. Cal.
IT WILL PAY FOR ITSELF. '¦ r "
. $2fiOO — Store and flat of 5 rooms upstairs, at
Adeline station. Seventh st. near new West-
ern Pacific terminal; easy terms.
T. F. RAYON, owner. 424 Tenth st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture: II. Schelhaas.ilth et.cor.store.Oakland.
ROOM* KOR IIOUSEKKEPIXO.
BIRCH ave. (515—" good unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; $8. Key C42 Grove st
ELLIS, Oil — Furnished sunny front alcove, 2
connecting rooms: gas range, bath, phone.
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furn. sunny front parlor;
single rooms; housekeeping privileges; gas.
GOLDEN GATE ave, 231—3 rooms in base-
ment: gas range, laundry: >14 per month.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1.140 Pine —
Sunny, , furnished .".-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
O'FARRELL, -comer Taylor— Two housekeep-
ing rooms; all conveniences.
O'FARRKLL, 1510— Nicely furnished fuU<» of
nice sunny housekeeping rooms to let.
TWENTY-SECOND, cor. Fair Oaks St.— Two
furnished connect ing, rooms for housekeeping.
TW ENT Y-FI FTh7~*W2~^-" 1 or 2 furnished or
unfurnished rooms, to let: light housekeep-
lr.g; ro children. '
a^cord7?va~ap'artments
.Will be flnlsfced March 15.
NORTHEAST CORNER SUTTER AND
LARKIN STS.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 .rooms and
batb each; all unfurnished; $30 to $43. ,
Make reservations now.
THE LUNGER, J45 Octavla. cor. Hayes — Just
fa completed; sunny: modern 3-rm. apartments;
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
baths' $40 up; refs. : also doctor's offices.
ST. LOUIS,- 1575 Jackson st— Modern i 3-4-0
rooms; also single: furnished or unfurnished;
, marine view; references. Pbon« East 1360.
HELP — ASTED FEMALE.
GERMAN nurs* *•;••
Cock for clergymen, no washing J-'; 0
*'ook. 2 In family; no washing ?£;»
Cook, no washiag. <it>' : *•'*
* cooluk German and American *tyle.$.>0-JS5
•¦ Nurse *irl. 2 children. San Rafael »••'>
Nurse. 1 th:!d. Mare Ifland *^'»
»^hEn.bcrn;a'.d, scrr.e laundry, hotel
" waitresses, c.ty hotel f -*"** 7 -^'
Geecnl bdyer, delicatessen »-^
Lanadry work, hospital »-<>
Clian.!>craia!d ar.d waiting, country •-•»
Charnborniiiid end waitress $-'0
Anci other i<lxcr-e too :nany to advertise. Ap-
" Ply to J. F. <-RC£irrT & CO.. :>14 Sutler Bt
A WOMAN with a child over 3 years old as
«-orkinjr housekeeper fcr email family in the-
oour.trj: see 5 arty here this morning; wages
$20. MIfcS PLUNKETT, 420 Sutter St.. near
1'owell.
TV.'O straight Traitresses for first-class com-
mercial hotel in city: wages *25, room and
rward. MIFS PLUNKETT. 423 Sutter St..
near Powell. |
GIP.L fcr general housework; email family;
S^> er.d $25.
Girl for housework; 4 ia faml!:.'; $17 £0.
Girl for Ugtet housework: $15.
SCANDINAVIAN FEMALE EMPLOY-
MENT BUREAU.
f>'«4 Kearr.j- fct.. rocm 3; Pfcoae Black 4458.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn nalrdresslng.
mtriicTJrir.g. etc.: trade taught lrom A to Z
Ir S week*; $5 to thote entering now; 3 po-
ritions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at S10 per week up; leading school in
T»'e*t. 253 Grary St.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery new for spring sea-
sen; I -•>. reasons taught from start to finish
!n 1 c-.cnth for ?1T>: positions as trimmers.
caleclatlie*, etc. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
€ty ar.d eresirg c'.ats. 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halnjresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket et.. cor. Jcne*. roots M; positions secured
at htghen wujje* ; day ar.d eve. class; call.
WANTED— Resident of Oakland; tail, bright
jounr la<!j- of good family; stylish and cood
appearance; responsible position; good week-
ly with chance for advancement; ref-
erences required. Address box 1072, Cell
off.ee. Oakland.
LA PIES tt anted everywhere, copying letters at
korr.e. ercntsc* or epare time, and return to
us; no rr.ailinsr or canvassing; (9 weekly
»arne<S. materials free. Ificiose relf-ad-
rfressoil envelop? for particulars. Guarantee.
«:o.. N'w. W4 Ninth »t, Philadelphia. Pa.
Tl'ANTEP— Refined, attractive young ladies
to act en reception committee. Bishop's t*n!-
verral Club. Arply Ye Liberty Playhouse,
all day ar.fl evecirR. stage entrance, Frar.k-
"n «.. near Fourteenth. Oakland.
WANTED — Refined young lady a* companion
fcr a lady, one who understands music and is
a CXKi penman, to assist with light house-
work; references required. 41S Montgomery.
WANTED— A young girl for general house-
work- «rr.all family. Call to-day between 9
end f 12. M Noe st. Castro-st. cars.
NEAT young woman for second work; $5 per
wwk. 432 Ca pp Bt
WANTED— Exi<erieneed trimmer on children's
Apply at 10 a. m.. 43-53 Ellis «t
CIP.L tn learn typesetting: $3 50 week at rtart;
rri-nnoiion. 516 Commercial et.
I>AY rt-r-k wanted; 125 Montgomery ave.; Pres-
ratt CaO; between <5 and 7 a. m.
AN experienced maker an1 apprentices wanted
ta rr.'.lltnery rtore. CP2 McAllister rt.
> VEST operator: steady work; good wage*.
m App'y S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st
WANTED — Woman to do light housework and
Slain cooking. 720B Union »t.
NEAT girl for general housework In flat: 3
¦ rtults In family. 145 Buena Vl*ta ave.. 1^
Horkf from Haight and Raker sts.
WOMAN fr>r reneral housework: 3 In family;
reference*. 2202 Devisadero st.
GIRL, for olaJn cookin* and assist in genera;
housework. 5£23 Nineteenth et-
WANTED— First-class waist and ccat hands.
J. BAER. U'OO Geary Ft.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the recep-
tion of advertifersents snd subscriptions has '
b*«>n ojiened at loo* Market et.. opposite
Fifth. Otwn until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MA^ji]
UCBEAT &^E^DTr^T«STcTaT^tr^~^"
Phone Main f.s4S.
Leading En-.ploymrnt and Labi.*- Ag-nts.
In DOS »e rave Inuring 1DCS4 we hope
wr.rk to tiO.^Mt men. to increase CO.OilO.
DO YOU SPEAK
kalian German Sr>ani*h
Ontk French Swiss '
WE DO.
REDITHD RATEP.
CHEAP FAUES.
NEVADA NEVADA.
TO NEVADA S-'TATE.
I- hours day. Government work, fc hour* day.
2*> famstTf, Fhi;« t"-nieh*. $2 day.
Iw laborer*, ship to-r.isht.
Rwkmeu, drillers. Irritation ditch.
NEVADA STATE.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
. W HIP TO-NIGHT.
TO ARIZONA.
EHJP to-night.
'low to Pre*ro»t 110 miles. f» in.
.VX« laborer*, drillers, rockmen, etc.
i'Tft-m-n Arizona. Shin' Daily.
tt-OODCHOPPERS.
2T. moodohor>r*-r>. different Jors
12 G'nisj or AuTrtan* t» chop wood.
12 men to t;hnij wood, make poets, ¦ north.
«'arj.enler, city. r>laln job $75
BIa< k^mith. lumber oompany $50 fuund
LOOK.
Boy it* i^Tnre. J6 freek; 2.*> tunnelmen. ¦ j
2 bnys, painting, littlr experience '.
\..$r, to f» we k
:: r>"2>-. learn different tre<W. .$4 to fj «<-k
Uarti«rn«T, flcuer* snd vegetable* $40
GOLI> ,-. SILVEn
COAL COPPER.
O'J sincle a.n.1 double hand miners ~V..'
f S2 BO 1 to t00
12 irarhln-- mim-rs. g'>od mines $W
>'er:*nt'r fjr mine ¥105- '
T"-il! «hari*>n«>r for mine; cement finisher; i
reck bry-akf-r. F7r»; ennrrctratpr. fl'U.
MILKERS. ETC.
Irt milker*. dlrT-rent Jobs . . $3O, $55. $40 fd.
H?:iar.-SwiKs milker p"Ji f/j
FARMERS .. CHOSKHEX .. LABORERS
HEX .\WIVES.
.*; lanr.'rs and w»v»* $40. f50 and $60 fd.
HOTEL DEPT.
'.* cooks, different hotels. ranch«f>. mine*.
«e • $.«) to *<a
<• waiter*. r»:I! and elevator bojn.?15 to $40 fd.
Ti-ntrr. Dishwashers. Rourtabouts.
S Uundrvmrn. 'xtra good J"fcs $15 week
:: butchers. «ountry job* SXO. $40. $50 fd.
:: LtikTs, ?!(> and ?12 week fd; 2 helpers
t-'O. SCj fd.
MCRRAT & READY. .
C34-C36 Clay St.
GROCKRT fi!»fw»n for country, $7.'.; 3 caT^
pentem for factory. $3 day; 4 Ironmolders
$3 .V« day; 3 i laning mill men. $.{ BO day: ;;
machinif-t*. $.'; T4> <Xay: farmer ar.d wife $J0 ]
•nd Toan-J: can^nter for eaw mill. $«5 and I
b'SJtl; h«rnf-s»< maker; nsiikerr; bell boy, $15 j
ar.d bostrd; restaurant pnyind cook, end oth- I
— fl^-f'-fLSJi 0 " EZT. A r °" <gs Sacrament^ '
STENOGRAPHER— $<S~to Ktart; mi^r~be~^f
ttfod appearance; neat rapid or^rator on
It»-mirii;tf.n; al«o other. office work; r<arty
living with r-artnts preferred. AddreES- In
v*~r> handwriting, ttatir.g rrfcrencee. box
45C9, Call office.
— _^
A— L £
Men to learn the barber trade in two months
and eecure good positions; catalogue end full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. C35 Clay st.
WANTED^-Fcr U. 8. army, able-bodied un-
rr.iirled men. between ages of 21 and 13;
citixens of L'nited States, of good character
• nd trmperate habits, who ran speak, n-aj
ar»^ trrite English. For information apply to
Recruiting Officer. Rialto building. Kew
Muntsonstrj et.. San Francisco, or 1028 Bec-
cn<'. rt.. Facran-fnto
VOfNG rr.en rvrry where, copy letters, home
rvenir.Bf; $3 50 werk. Send addressed' en-
velope for Darticular? Manager Dept W4
twx 14 11. Philadelphia. Pa.
•WANTED— Coat-makers. 48 Steuart st.
WANTED— A rood barber for Saturday.
Br>'««:»t st.
FIRST-CLASS man to do chaplsg. band sawing
:¦...: turr.lng: also man to run tenanter.
Ft'cU»T arfl mortlser for wash and door work.
Ar>Plr CENTRAL PLANING MILLS. 10tb
e.a<X m.i: 1'j.ti'j ave., Oakland.
BARBERS. Uke notice — The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 9 City Hall *q.. or U04 Market st
Journeymrn Barbers' Union. Lecat 14S. JOS.
R. HL.EILT. Secretary.
WANTED — Good atoclr" clerks; experienced In
millinery trtielnets;' man oom« well recom-
mended. Apply HOLM & NATHAN, 812
Uarket rt.
TRY our trea'e shce*. union made, at $1 and
$1 Vj per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 60 or
orthopedic rhoes.$3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third Ft.. Exam. bldg.. S door* from Market.
WANTED— First-class solicitors for perma-
nent basinets; excellent opportnnlty; must
famish references. Box 2332, Call.
GKRMAN: n rady: reference; handy; tend bar.
« jnenouse; zsarried i.ref erred. Bex 22SL, CalL
MISCELLAXEOL'S FOR SALE — Con.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, rhaftlr.tr, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
85 H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
PAINT your old and new metal and ehlngle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint: guaranted
to stop all leaks in the one and preserve th*
new. 2C5 Front St.; tel. Main 1428.
A— FINE suits, $7 00; dress pants, $2 50. Orlgl-
r.al Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny et,
near Bush; open toll p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
Eines. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st. .
ALTERATION eale— Best $2 50 hats. $150.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st, near
Pine: open to Op. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form nhocs at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
3Hc ROLL and up; fine wall paper; -samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
• 1GAX. 1302 WebFter. Tel. Jackson 1321. I
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. P. V. GAVIN. 803 'Hay-
ward bldg.
FOR sale — Plumber's tools, grinding stone and
barbers' chairs. 953 Howard st.
$£0 — LARGE French range; new water back.
SOI Scott, cor. Fulton; tel. Sutter 1128.
A FINE diamond ring at a sacrifice. 10 Sixth
street " .....
Encycl-jpedia Britannlca; Scribner edition; half
morocco. King's Old Bookstore. 6t McAllister.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale et
FOR sale — Piano, music box, organ, buggy, har-
PtES «nd hay cutter. 422 Orange st. Oakland.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-.
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st
DESKS bought, aold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 407.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all Mies. EU-
_GENE RILHT & SONS, 109 Vallejo et.
SOMD good cecond-hand gasoline, engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cher p. E. Bi Beck & Co.. 122. Mkt
SLOT machines cheap; Chicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Mark-t ,
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1818
_Market. ab. V a n NesF. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFKS— New and second-hand. THE HER-
M*XX SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns.' sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
&• Co.. 122 Market st
OASOLIXF. engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. .T. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
M IS CELL A XEO V S WANTS.
WANTED— Gasoline launch, 40 to 50 feet long;
good, stronjr Ma boat for hard work; state
particulirs ond where boat can be seen. Ad-
flress box 4546. Call office.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
cloti.lng; send postal. MORRIS. 043 Folsom.
BOOKS ar.d libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical poods. 154 Oth st: tel. Jessie 2S.M.
MOXEY TO LOAT*.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,"
601-002-603 Examiner Building.
Quick, settlements; .no disappointment ¦
Save expenses by 'dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $1,000,(100.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES
CITY AXD OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REALrESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
¦ 107-S-9-10-11, CROCKER BUILDING, 8. F.
WILL LOAN "
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
M/>rtKaEe. on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest
Give full particulars.
of property or chattels.
Location, etc. \
Box 408. Call office.
ANY amount quickly on furniture, or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.:
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. GS Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market tit.
MONET loaned to salaried people, rotail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business la
40 principal cities. Tolman. 5M Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY rerppctable private, place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
840 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no tomrr.ission; no publicity; $25 up; quick
qu!"t. conri(!»n^lal. 2U Montgomery St.. rm. 7.
M. JACOBSON & CO.. financial brokers. Emma
Spreckeis bldg.. rm. <521; loans and all other
financial matters negotiated: confidential.
J MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth 6t.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, im Grant ave..
I LOANS FROM $1 TC $10,000.
| NEW easy method— To watte earners on unln-
', dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49. Chronicle bldg.
I TO salaried people without security: on furni-
' ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commission; Installments accepted.
BONELL1. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
( 3% ON furniture 4: pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI, 0 Eddy st
j 1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
: Pavings Bank building. 708 Market st
j STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
Falaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on notee without
lndor>er. MORELL. PTSi Examiner building.
] ' "^~— ~" ' "~ ~^-— ¦—
: .MUSICAL I.\STHU.1IE.\TS.
i BA "nST^iiS^r^ECOSD^HAK^^ni^OS^S
FOLLOWS:
Two Stelnway, one Chlckering. one Sterling,
one Haines Bros., two Steck, one Stelnway
grand and one Steck grand; also many other
pianoe from $75 up and square pianos from $10
up, all fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Fafrell st
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
$50 up; greatest bargains ever offered In San
Francisco; all makes. We rent upright
pianos for $2 per month; new at $3 per
month: all money paid applies on purchase
He4ne Piano Co.. 235-237 Geary st. Oakland
addreta 125'.! Broadway.
ONLY olano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
« months' rent and cartaee off purchase
price; sole aKenta for McPhall. Schiller and
other makes. ECOTT-CURTAZ. 600^ Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will b» sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage, 1GIU Market st.
SMALL pianos for small apartments; great
' tone; rent or sale. Byron Mauzy, .103 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on .$5 monthly pay
tnents. SCHM1T2 & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
S-PEDAlv^flnway up. ;ChlckerlnK-baby grand;
Shon!#Ser. little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
. IF you want bargains come now; ptanoa al-
most given away. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
A FISCHER unrirht piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-512 Post ht. '
. PUVIsICIA.VS AND BUIIGUOXS.
DR. C. C. O'.DOXNELL— Office and residence!
1021% Market. St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
UI.OOD. akin and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herd doctor,
treats all diseases of th* human body; for
past four yeprs at 115-117 Mason; now lo.
cated at 6C7 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal.' berb doctor, cures all diseases of human
.' by Ufce of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned . from Orient
Now . at EE. corner Geary and Taylor ¦ sts. •
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
i cases cured by Chinese herbs. 740-3 Clay st
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— EEATBS
1 Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not b« Inserted. They must na handed
In at either of the cubllcatioa offices and b*
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
scna authorized to have the same published.
Voticea restricted simply to the announcement
of tha event are published one* In this columa
tree of charge.
BORN.
BRITSSEM— In Ea*t Oakland. March 7. 1904.
! to the wife of Captain Robert Bressero, a
daughter.
JACKSON— In this city. March 9. 19O4, to th»
wife of C. A. Jackson, a son.
_____ __
Abraham. Oabrlel Klipstein. William
Bachrodt. Hugo Jr. Koops. Anna Marl*
Heard. Minnie Lamcke. Marie
Brett. C_»t. Jas. E. Langhornt. Fred W.
Didleman. Adelaide Latlmer. Mrs. Sara
Ccata. Pedro Manifold. Harding*
Curri". Frank P. McCreary. Dante!
Dinan. Henry J. Oakes. Mrs. M. L.
Duncan. Annie Robbtns. E. V.
Frleske. Julius E. F. Ryan. Marv Ellen
Gray. William Schnman. Melissa
Grote. Frank C. £pU!ane, Kate
Iaggi. Emlle Watte. Wf.ham U.
Jovanovich. Stane Watktn. Marie
Kldd. WUliam 11. Wiley. L B.
ABRAHAM— In this city, March S. 1D04, Ga-
briel, beloved husband of Mary Abraham,
and beloved father of Morry Abraham and
Mrs. A!ex Levlson. and brother -of Mrs.
Pauline Harris, a native of Prussia, aged ttt
ytars. iNew York and Brooklyn papers
pl*a*e copy.>
ETTrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day iFridayj. at 10 o'clock, at his lat»
residence. 1144 Turk street. Interment Hilia
of Eternity Cemetery, by train leaving Third
and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
BACHRODT— In thlj. city. March 10. 1UO4,
Huku C. Jr.. dearly beloved and only chill
of Hutu C and Lizzie Bachrodt. and b«-
loved grandson of Mrs. Sophie Passet. a na-
tive of San Francisco, ased 10 months and
4 days.
CTFriendi and acquaintances are respect-*
fully Invited to attend th» funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), March 11. at 1 o'clock, from th*
residence of his parent?. 1531 V, Mission
strjet. betw«en Lafayette and Twelfth. In-
terrnont Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BEARD — In thin city. March 8. 1904. Minni*
Beard, a native of Oregon, aged 24 years 10
mnntr.a and 5 days.
BIDLEMAN— At Fablola Hospital. Oakland.
March 8. 1904. Adelaide A. Bldleman.
daughter of the late John and Mary Treg-
loan. mother of. Clare R. Bldleman. an.I.
sister of Mrs. E. S. Gabt>3. Mrs. Charlea D.
Hat-'s and John R. Tregloan. a native of
California.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
-Friday. March 11, at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of Mrs. E. S. Oabbs. 1540 Santa Clara
avenue, Alameda. Interment Mountain Vl«W
Cemetery.
BRETT — In Oklahoma City, of pneumonia.
March 5. 19O4. Captain James E. Brett. I".
B. A., retired, beloved husband of Sal It* P.
Brett, and father of Stuart S.. Lucll* P.
and the late Herbert S. Brett, a natlvt of
North Carolina, aged 51 years 2 months and
1 day.
C^^otlce of funeral hereafter.
COSTA— In this city. March 5. I9O4, Pedro,
beloved father of Jrssph. Chartes. Peter.
Jennie and the late Colomba Costa, a natlva
of Spain, ased til years H» months and 7
days.
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
March 12. at 1 o'clock, from the carters of
Valente. Marlnl & Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
Notice — At 10 «/'clcx-k same day a requiem
high mass will be celebrated at the Spanish
Church of Gua£a!oui>e for the repoti« of his
soul. Interment New Italian Cemetery.
CURR1E— In this city. March lo. 1904, FTank
Phillip, beloved husband of Emma Ourrie.
and father of Ida, Robert and Elmer Currle.
and brother of Mrs. J. E. Markley and Mrs.
C. Livingston, a. native of California, aged
48 years 3 months and 10 day*.
DINAN— In this city. March 10. 19M. Henry
J.. dearly beloved s«in of Catherine and th»
late Timothy Dlnan. and loving brother of
Denis F. Dlnan. Mrs. E. C. Joras and Mrs.
R. B. R-nirk, a native of San Francisco.
£7" Friends and acquaintances re respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
iSaturday) at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
denoe. ttl*>H Third street, thence to St. Roses
Church, where a requiem hi*h mass will be
celebrated for t»»e repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
i Cemetery-
DUNCAN— In this city. March 0. 1904, Annie,
beloved wife of Charles E. Duncan, daughter
of Mr*. R. O'Conner and the late Richard
O'Conmr. and slater of Mrs. Charles 1 C
Huff, a native of Eureka. Humboldt County,
aged 37 years 7 months and 18 days.
FRIESKE— In this city. March 9. 1904. Julius
E. F.. beloved husband of Anna Frleske.
and father of . Mrs. George Klrchner and
Mrs. . Gus Reimera. a native of Stettin.
Germany, aged 50 years 5 months and 27
days. A member of Vorwaerts Stamm No.
225. V. O. R. M., and Cigar -makers' In-
ternational Union. Local No. 22S.
B7Friends and acuuatntances are respect-
fully tnvit*il to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday) March 11. at 2:30 o'clock, from
Red Men'* Hall. 510 Bush street, wher»
funeral services will be held under th* aus-
pices of Vorwaerts Stamm No. 225. U. O.
R. M. Interment Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr A
Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventb
and Eighth.
GRAY— In thla city. March 7. 1904. William.
O. Gray, beiovd husband of A/ina C. Gray,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 42 years S
months and S days.
ItyFrlends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
March It. 1901, from the mortuary chapel
of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
GROTEr— At the family realdenee. 163« Ooldea
Gate avenue. March 10, 1904. Frank C.
dearly beloved uon of Mrs. and the lat*
Henry F. Grote, and beloved brother of Mrs.
C. A. Hill. Mrs. W. F. Donnelly and Fred
J. and the late Sophie A. Grote. a native of
San Francisco, axed 27 years.
IAGGI— In thU city. March 10. 1904. Emile.
beloved husband cf Mary Iaggl. and father
of Julius Iaggi. a native of Switzerland,
aged 37 years 11 months and & days. A
member of Court Eclipse No. 14. F. of A.
JOVANOVICH— In Freeno, March 9. 19A4.
Stane Jovanovlch. dearly beloved wife of E.
R. Jovanovlch. and sinter of Samuel and
Marco Zenovich and Mrs. S. Dragornano-
5 vlch. a native of Caatel-Lastua. Austria, aged
25 years 1 month and 2 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
March 13. from 160 Noe street, thence, to
the Russian Church. Interment Servian Cem-
etery. -:^::'-
KIDD — In this city. March 10, 1904, William
H. Kidd. beloved husband of Sarah L. Kldd.
and father of Elmore A. Kldd and George
V. Kidd of San Diego, and grandfather o2
: Vera C. and Joseph W. Kidd of San Diego.
' a native of Ohio, aged eo years & months
and 28 days. (San Diego and Ohio papers
please copy.i
CXNotlee of funeral hereafter. Remains
at his late residence, 721 Ehotwell street.
KLIPSTEIN— In this city. March 10 1904.
William E. E.. beloved husband of Mary E.
KilpMein. father of Edith M. and Mary E.
Klipstein. stepfather of Catherine R. Klip-
stein. son of Dr. Matilda T. KUncteln and.
the late Ernest W. Kllosteln, and brother
of Robert E. F. and Matilda E. Kltpstetn,
Mrs. Minnie K. Spexarth and Mrs. May K.
McCammon, a native of Des Motnes, Iowa,
aged 29 years 7 months and 2S days. A
member of Osceola Tribe No. 71. Improved
Order of Red Men. and Brotherhood of
Teamsters No. 85.
FT Remains at the parlors of tho United
Undertakers, 806 Mission street betwem
Fourth and Fifth.
KOOPS — In thla city, March 10. 1904, Anna,
Marie, beloved' wife of the late Peter Koop«.
a native of Germany, aged 55 years 1 month
and 23 Uays.
LAMCKE — In Frultvale. March 10. 1904, Maria
Lamcke. dearly beloved sister of Mrs. Car-
sten Htllebrandt and Henry Lamcke, a na-*
the of Germany, aged 73 years 2 months and
27 days.
LANGHORST— In this city* March 10. 1904.
Fred W. Langhorst of Cromberg, Pluma*
County, beloved son of Louise and the lat«
. Herman Langhorst. and brother of Mr*. T. L.
Jones of Reno. Nev., and II. J. and O. C.
Langhorst, a native of California.
LATIMER— In Windsor, March ft. 19O4. Mr».
Sara S. Latiroer. beloved mother of Mrs. E.
P. Cofer. Mrs. F. P. Swett. W. B. Rich. L.
P. Latlmer and II. N. Latlmer, aged 73
years.
MANIFOLD— In this city, MarcR 10. 1904.
Hardinge. dearly beloved husband of Ida J.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
{Successor* to Flannagan * Ga!laxber.>
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mrr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMER3,
20 Fifth st.. onoelte Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Director* and Embalrners .
Formerly, In MetronollUa Tempi*.
NOW at bM MISSION. Tal. South 187.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
- James McO:nn. Henry lUnm. I
JAMES McGINN A CO.. I
Formerly With McGinn Bros., I
- — Funeral Directors and Embaimert I
214 Eddy su; Tel. South 878. |
THE WANTS^tTHEN USE w^tADVERTISEHENT IN THE CALLr All Securities Continue Quiet and
Peat tireless. ,.'¦
ST. l^OUIS. March .10.— Wool— steady Me
dium grades comhing" and clothing 17S«lJ4c
"ShfiS:%ogi" Hc: heavy flne ' 12ei4%c: ' tu^
St. Louis Wool Market
'STOCK 3IAEKET.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May. July
Opening - 6 "% ; • 0 7«i
Closing <j 7 aj e 7«i
PARIS. !
"""neat— "March. Sept.-D«c
Opening:. -Holiday.
Closing /
Flour —
Opening
Closing .* . . .
THE COAST RECORD.
; ...1 jijfii f s 1.
3 I| 55 .5.=.. £0 %
ETATIONS. -^ ?= ?5 : a ' §"- p.
Baker 77. 71 S 777.
< arson S8- *"* "*"
Kreeno 29.70 68 48 NW Rain" *3«
riajr^taff 32*....
Pocatello 30 .*" *-"
Independence 4% .... ,-'.
Ixw Angeles ..29.86 ..48 E Rain" *3«
1'boeoUt 28.S0 SO 48 W Cloudy
Portland 40 7 .'"
Tied Bluff ....20. "2 M 42 S Rain" "*ifi
noMbunr 44 .... ... "
Pa<:ramento ...29.6* S2 46 SW Clear l*i*»
-alt Lake ...... .. 28 ......
V. Franciaeo ..C9.70 K t9 W Clear l""i
f. L. Obispo. 50 .... .....
i-an Dlrco ...-29.S6 CO 4S SE Cloudy T
34 '....
v .ella "UaUa 34. .; \\
WJnnemucca . "... .. "34 ....' ......
Tumt. 29.78 78 54 ' S Cloudy .'.'.
Other t* porn mistier «
Judges for Intercollegiate Debate.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
10. — The Judges for the annual inter
colleciate. debate between Stanford
and the University of California, which
will be held in San Francisco on A*pril
16, hdv« been chosen as follows: TV.
W. Morrow. United States Circuit
Judge; L.ucien Shaw, Associate Justice
of the State Supreme Court: and J.
A. Cooper, Ooro missioner of th« Su
preme Court.
TIIUKSDAY. March 10—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Ainha .... -W» <»7lJ"stice C5 CO
Alta ' .... f « lOSKentuck 0.J W
a',, ' ..40 DOIKeycs Graea.. 30 —
Belcher" "."..•• ~ -*\ Wa3h ••*-—' ° 6
Best & Belch.2 l«O 2 25 Mexican 1 85 2 t.t>
Bullion .... 08 10 Occidental ... 88 90
•Cale'lonla ...1 «5 1 lOjOphir 4 TO 4 85
Challenge Con S3 So Overman 23 25
CSiollaT ..... 15 17 Potosi 16 17
Confidence ..1 05 1 10 Savage ...... 7S fiO
Con C & Va.l S5 I DOf Scorpion 02 (XI
Con Imperial. Ol* ft". Seg Delcher ..It 12
Con N Y 0:5 -. 04! Sierra Nev .. BS 55
Crown ' Point. • 2t 23 Silver UI11 '. . CT «5
East Sierra N C5 — St I^iuis 10 1.7
Eureka Con . . — 50 Syndicate 04 C3
Fxchequcr .. IB 17| Union Con -.80 88
Oould & Cur. 45 4f5|IIUih 1J) 21
Hale & Norc 00 051 Yellow Jacket S2 51
Julia ........ 0.1 C5|
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.1 Bid.Ask.
Colehan 18! Paymaster ... — 12
Kaperanza I'. . — Oil Ray Exten .. — 15
Gipsy Queen: — 30|Ray Tonopah. — 10
Gold Anchor. • — . 25! Ray &. OBrten — C9
Gold M Con . . 04 1<>! Hesciie . . 07 OS
Ilannapah ... — ir.|Ton Belmont.. 60 rj
Hannapah M. — 25!Ton & Cal... — 21
I.lttfe Ton .. — / 00! Ton Exten .. €5 es
T^ucky Tom.. — -/' 0»! Ton Fraction. — 45
MacNamara . t7 19|Ton of Nev ..3 75 —
Mizi»ah Ei . . 10 ••— Ton N Star.. S3 33
Mont Ton.. 1 20 1 22^1 Ton Midway. .".S S3
N Y Ton '.... — 02! United Ton ..10 —
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TrarlinK was very light .yesterday oivir.itto
the -heavy storm, which kept retailers and con
surners Within floors- and cut down deliveries
from country points. During the forenoon the
streets looked like Sunday. Uuttcr was rasv
with the great majority of dealers qiiotinR 22a
as the too of tho market, and the medium
grades were weak and ¦ hard to move Cheese
was weak and depressed at the recent -decline'
Egsts wer- steady, with no - store lots worth
anything obtainable under )5c. Stocks of all
kinds weru much smaller owins to the storine
of the past several clays, as already mentioned
but as. the demand was also small nrleei
showed little variation. '
Hcceipts wer« S6.200 lbs Butter 1363 cases
Ejfcs end S4.S0O lbs Cheese. ' . CaseS
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands 21">A&
22c for extras. 20®21c for firsts and . lS-aiOc
for seconds; dairy, : 1 M 2Oe ; store! Butter nom
inal; cold storage. 20@21c for extras ISaiOc
for seconds arid lfi@18c for ladle-packed
CHEESE— 8^®9&c for jjood to choice new
and 7®8c for lower crades; Youne Americas
lOftlo^c; Eastern. 10#10c; Western, 14®l5c
per lb. . • - .* . - ' ' - - .. .¦
EGGS — Ranch, lo@17c; store. 15c per dozen
Butler. Cheese and Eggs.
Next Sunday morning, March 13. at
7:20 o'clock, the entire membership of
the Gentlemen's Sodality will meet at
the chapel on Hayes street, where,
headed by officers and banners of the
society, they will marcii in solemn
procession to the large church, of St.
Ignatius, where they will receive holy
communion in a body at 7:30 mass. It
will be a morning of special devotion
forthe Sodality, as it is the regular
monthly communion Sunday, as well
as Sunday in the holy season of Lent.
Immediately after mass the members
will recite the Te Deum.
Gentlemen's Sodality.
MAYFIELD. March 10. — A bond Issue of
fcUTCOO for constructing a munlci^l water
system carried to-day by a vote of 144 In favor
to 7 csalnst.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
10. — Founder's day exercises were
held In the Assembly Hall last night
and, despite the heavy rain that fell
continuously from early evening:, a
large number of students and other
members of the college community
gathered to observe the anniversary of
the birth of Senator Stanford.
Colonel John P. Irish, Naval Officer of
San Francisco, gave the principal ad
dress, speaking from an intimate ac
quaintance with the founder of the
university and of the ideals of Stan
ford as an institution of learning. The
speaker was introduced by President
Jordan and was enthusiastically ro
ceived.
Coloncl John P. Irish Delivers the
Principal and is Enthn
thiasticaliy Greeted.
FOUNDKB'S DAY EXERCISES
AT STAXl'OKD UNIVEIISITY
FOP. THURPnAY. MARCH 10.
Flour, qr sks .. 3,3001 Leather.' rolls .. los
Oats ctls .... n.V)| Wool, bales ... 1
Tallow ctls ... 2."".! Reans. ? sks . . 1 . . K5
Sugar, etis ... r>4f»! Potatoes, sks .. 1,20ft
Wino gala ... SO.snoi Onions, sks ..V. . 3.V>
Brandy wls .. 2.0001 Ho v. tons -».. «1
Hides No. .... 22i| Middlings." <?ks.. ir."
Lime bbls .... 40| Straw.' tons .... JO
Pelts." bdla :.. . .75| : ."•:
SUGAn-^-Tho Western Buirir Ttefiriner Coin
riany nuoten ns follows, per lb, in lOO-tb bass:
OuJ.es. A Crushed and Flno Crushed. . r i.«;?ic:
1'owiiercd, 5.50c; Candy Granulate*!, sfiJSOc;
13ry Granulated, fine; f>.40c: Dry Grnnu
lated, coarse. 5.40e: Fruit • Granulated, 5.40c;
Beet Granulated (lOO-lb hues only); ">.20c:
Confectjontrs' A. 7i.4flr.: :': Magnolia -A, 5c:
Kxtra C. 4.90c:' Golden C. 4.S0e: "E>f"
4.70c; barrels. 10c more; barrels. 2ric more:
boxes, 50c more;~50-lb ba^«. 10c more for all
kinds. T;iblPts— Half bnrreln. K.fiOc: boxes
ft.lfc: H. & K. Crystal Domlnos, 8.40c per U
No orders taken for less than seventy- five bai
rein or Its canivaient. ,
CANNED SALMON — The market Is stronger
and more active, with a sronrt all-around Ori
ental demand. Jarmn Is buy ins on this coast
rind Russia is buvlnir In N»w Tork and Ten
don. ¦ About 50,000 capes of pinks hays b*e.n
botiRht ¦ in . the north by Japan. Pinks are
quoted at fvOS»65c. while reds range from 80c
to $1 25. .-;:-
r.KU ANIl WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6U-a>
7c per lb: White Lead. d'Aft'C according "to
quantity. <
BAG??— Grain Baps. 5*gc spot and S^c lune-
July; San Quentln. 5.rir>c; Wool Bags, :J2@U5c;
Kleece Twine, 7'i*iSc.
COALi — Wellington. $S per ton: New Wel
llnston. (8; Seattle, ?(5 50: Bryant, $6 SO; Bea
ver Hill. $0; Standard, $7: Roslyn, S7: Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: WalUend; $7; Richmond,
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and SI 4 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite . Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Erst. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50;*Cannel. $3 GO per ton: Coke. $11 .*V0@13
per ton In bulk and $16 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton, according to brand.
OILS— Lucol is higher. Quotations are for
barrel?; for cases, mid 5c; Linseed, 49c
per sallon for boiled nnd 47c for raw:
Castor Oil. in . cases. No. 1, 70c; Bakers'
AA, $1 Ulffil J2; Lucol. 4. r .e for boiled and
4"c fer raw; China Nut. C0®70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil, In barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 85c: natural winter Sperm Oil, 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. fi.".cc natural Whale
Oil. fiOc: extra winter strained Lard Oil 7rie;
No. 1 Lard Oil, COc; pure Ncatsfoot Oil. 7r.c;
No. 1 NeaUfoot Oil, Coe; light Herrlns Oil,
4.'c; dark Hprring Oil; 4,'fc- Kalrmm Oil. SSc:
boiled Fish OH. 40c; raw Fish OII..:J8c; boiled
Paint Oil. -5c; raw Paint Oil. 'Sic.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
14o; Pearl Oi). in cases. 2O'/, C ; Astral, 20V4c;
Star. l:0»;.c: Extra Star. 24'^c: Elaine. 2614c:
Eocene, tii^c; Deodorized „ Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. IGc: in cases/ 22<Ae: Benzine. In bulk.
\Sc: In cases, lOVjc; SO-degree Gasoline In
bull-. 2.*i?; In cases. .Tic. t
TUKPKNTIXE— S4c per gallon in cases and
7S<" In Crums nnd lro« barrels.
General Merchandise.
Foreign Futures.
CHICAGO. March 10.— At the sitart of the
B<-.»rd of Trade to-day the higher Liverpool
cables had a strengthening Influence on wheat:
May opened j;,- lower to Vsc higher at !»2fic
to H3c, while July was up 'j^Vic at SS'jc to
fiS%c. A report that rain during the night
had broken the drouth in Kansas soon (started
a selllLg movement and prices gradually de
clined. May sold off to 01 " 4 c and July to
*7»ic. In sp!te of rain In Kansas the price
of wheat at Kansas City experienced a sharp
advance..
Covering by shorts who were filled with
anxiety in regard to the forthcoming Govern
ment crop report emphasized the bullish sen
timent decidedly. May advanced to 94c. a gain
of 2'ic from the low point. July sold up to
R914<589%c. The market closed strong, with
May at Vtlc. the highest point of the day, and
July at S9ms*9i,;c. '
As a result of cables the corn market opened
in guile steady fashion, but weakness soon
developed. The. closing was strong and at
the top price «f the day. May closed at 02'io
and July at SOijc.
Oats were weaker on heavy sellir.ee by the
leading longs. The market closed strand ami
aln;o« at the lop, with May at 41 and July
39!jc.
In sympathy with a decline In prices of
hogs the provision market ruled easier early
in the day. Wxih the improved tone in the
grain markets there was an Investment de
mand for hoc product*. The c!o«e showed
Klislu rains throuehcut the lii»t. .May pork
b«>in* up to Ifio, lard 2'-.c ami ribs 7)i c
NEW TORK; March 10.— To-day's business
on the Btock Exchangetvai the smallest in
years. The slight increase la the markets
animation thus far this w*ek gave way to
practically stagnation to-day. A large, pro
portion of the day's business is usually done
in the first hour of the E6selon. owing to the
accumulation ir. offices of orders over night.
To-day the fln«t hour's transactions amounted
to only ::0.f)00 shares. There were Ions inter
vals of total idleness and son-.e minutes be
tween single transactions. The day's nalea o f
??e,COO shares on August 22. 19CO. was the low
record for many years past. To-day's sales
aggregate 7.1.8'JO shares. Professional trad
ers entertain very Kloomy views of the out
look. There was some hope that the decl»tv&
improvement in Iron trade conditions would
revive some interest in the stock rnarkft. It
proved to be worth % of a pomt to United
Ktates Steel preferred, , which was enly tempo
rarily held. Thte wal one of the most con
spicuous movements in the market and is a
commentary on the day's business. The mar
ket closed dull.
There was not such utter staznatlon in
bonds as in FtocUs. but that section was very
dull and made no movement of importance
Total sales, r>w value. $1S9,COO.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
Future Grain and Provisions.
Oil Stock— Bid. ' Asked.
Alma - 1 .">.">
Apollo 44 4< - ,
Associated Tru3t Certificates. 2<» 21
Astec 75 SO
Caribou " 1 SK> 2 0i>
<:entral Point Con «•"» ....
Chicago Crude 1" 20
Ola remont .' ; . • 45 ">«>
Ksperanza 2 <irt
Four Tf>
Fulton 2 f>0 3 75
Hanford Hrt.CO
Home 1 2<> 1 25
Independence 1"> IT
Junction .• M4 . ••••
Kern 4 7". 4 M
Monarch <ot Arizona) *1 42
Monte Crlsto 74 SO
Occidental of W Va 13
Oil City Petroleum '.. 31 .33
Peerless 13 00 14 f0
Reed Crude 1 1 BO ....
Senator 65 ¦ ....
Sovereign 45 48
Sterling 2 SO
Superior •• •••• f (i
Thirty-three "•• S nf> " -•"•
Toltec tn 20
Twenty-eight 4 :in 5 00
West Shore 2 CO 2 So
Ascociateil Honda •••• SO
Miscellaneoua —
Abby T>and & Improvement.. 1 30 1^ 4T«
Chutes Company j 7 fit)
Fischer's Theater 1 00
Northern Cal Power l'» -S
Sanitary Reduction Works 1 W)
United " Railroad Bonds SOW
SALES. "
Morning Session.
1ft Kern Oil 4 SO
1 0(W Sovereign 45
1000 Apollo . . . . .T . 45
100 Associated ¦ "'¦)
Afternoon Session.
1I00O Associated Bonds 70
50 Home 1 *J()
I 150 Home 1 ~-',j
, 10») Monarch 41
I 1 1 00 Oil City Petroleum .TJ
' 500 Oil City" Petroleum 33
• .'0 Twenty-eight Oil 4 7.".
1 100 .Twenty-eight Oil 5 r,f»
luGO* Chicago Crude 10
! Mining. Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the gales on the San Fran
.Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MorniiiK Session.
100 Andes ....... 49] 400 Gould & Cur. 45
200 Belcher 24 3ft Hale & Norc. So
'lOO Caledonia ...1 C5| COO. Savage 75
200 Chollar ...... 16| 100 Yellow Jacket 35
Afternoon Session. > '
200 Andes .....«-. W> WO Savage 7f>
100 Obollar ...... lfi 20<> .«eg Belcher .. 10
100 ConC t Va'.l 95 j 100 Sierra Nev 5.1
10l> Gould & Cur. 46 100 Union Con ... Stf
100 Mexican ...... 1 07. ICO Yellow Jacket 33
" 200 Potosl 16 t
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following * were the Bale3* on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
- 'Morning Session. -> .
100 Con C & Va.l D0| 1C0 Mexican .....IS. 1 )
10O Con C & V.I STVil 300 Sierra Nev ..-. M
100 Con C & V.I 02^1 300 Union Con .. 88
100 Gould & Cur. 46| 100 Union Con ... S7
Afternoon Session.' -
100 Andes ....... 49 ICO Mexican .....1 95
100 Best Jt Belch.2 10 ICO Mexican ...1 92H
"CO Oon C & .Va.l 95 200 Overman. ..... 24
4C0 Crown - Point. 21 100 Savage ....... S2
100 Gould & Cur. 47 200 Savage ....... 81
100 Gould & Cur. 4t»| 100 Si*rra Nev . . 62
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the 'sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
: . : Mornins Session.- ; ;
200 Evelyn /...... «2 170O Ton Belmont.. *' CO
500 Golconda ... 07 800 Ton Belmont. . 59
450 Mont Ton ..1 20 200 Ton Midway.. 39
BOO Paymaster :.. Ill 300 United Ton .. ll
-600 Rescue *..:.. OSi
. . Afternoon Session. . * .
¦600 .Evelyn ....'.. 34|330O Rescue ,-...... .OS
300 MacNamara . 18| SOO'Ton Belmont. V, 00
ICO Mont Ton..l 22Vj| .200 Ton : Belmont.;' »6t
100 Mont Ton . .1 20 JOO Ton Belraont.. 62
1000 Paymaster .. 11| 100 Ton Belmont.. 63
California Stock and Oil Exchange
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lCUtlFc r»T Ib-
Geeee. iier nair. $25?:2 115: Goslings. $a@*> 25*
Dacta $3 50?i<> "0 per dozen for old and $<(~5O
S17 for young: Hens. &n 50(ix7 for larce *nd 15
fi»; for small; youn? ' P.oosteru. S(5 r.0^7 C;>- old
UocsterE. $.*'<i5 Ml; Tryers. $7, T>0<<10 SO- Broil
ers, $'.@r» .'0 for large and $4 50©r. for small-
Pigeon?.. ?l "J."©1 r,0 per dozen for old and" J" °5
©;> SO for Squabs. ~ "
GAME — Gray Gees*, $.•} per doz; White Gec»e
7ul-(6$1: Brant. $1 50 for Email and $2 for
large: Honkers. S5; Rabbits. ?1 r»'KJ?l 75 for
Cottontails and $1@1 25 for Brush; Hare, ?l 25.
The Ftnrniy weather' interfered with trade 'in
the Pcultry market, l>!it receipts continued
moderate and nrlc<>« had no quotable change.
Young fowl, particularly Kryers and Broilers.
which formed but a small percentage of tho
receipts.- were firm, while Hens were weak, re
tailers beh'.R well supplied with Western stock.
A few cases of dressed Turkeys came in and
choice lots were in pood request at 20@SK!e per
pnjmd. Receipts of flame were light and 'most
kinds ftood a? previously -quoted. ¦
Poullrv and Game.
The market whs slenderly jrupplied with most
kinJs of vc-jirtables at the opening, nearly all
trains and boats having^ been delayed by the
storm, but there was enough sto^k "on hand to
meet the requirements vf the few buyers, and
prices of most descriptions phow'ed but Jlght
variance.' Peas, Rhubarb ami wt Potatoes
from across the bay did not arriva until late
in the afternoon and most of the receipts had
to be. carried over. Mushrooms did better under
very light receipts. •
POTATOES— Burtanks from the river, ?1 05
©I 20 per ctl: Oregon Burbanks. $1 2.V3I 35
per ctl; Petaluma and Tomales Burbanks,
$1 18&1 20 per ctl: River Reds. $1«1 10 per
ctl; small Oregon Burbanks for seed. 9Oe©?l
per ctl: Garnet Chiles. $lSil 10 per ctl; Early
Rose, $1 2.".(51 M> per ctl; .Sweet Potatoes, St-Su
per ctl: new Potatoes, 3c per ib.
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 »J0@2 75 per ctl for Or
egon and $2 90@3 for Nevadan; Green Onions,
SU&SOc per box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 12V.c per lb for
extra. 10c for No. 1 and C"?8.? for No.
2; Rhubarb, 8c per lb; Green Peas, 4S7c
iwr lb for Los Angeles ami r><S7e fcr bay;
String Beans. ifl^jKic j.er lb; Tomatoes, 75c0
SI f>0 per box or orate, for Los Angeles and
?t 'J5J?1 75 for Mexican; Summer Squash from
lx>? Angvtea. SI 25ftl .10 ocr box; Cabbage^
?1 10 ¦ i-er ctl: Carrots. r>Oc per sack:
Hothouse Cucumbers, T.VftSl 25. per dozen;
Garlic. r.SOc per lb: Ef?g Plant, 25a
per lb: Drleil ¦ Peppers, uffSc per lb for Sloek
ton and l<;#12Vjo for southern; Dried Okrn,
1Q012&C p?r lb; Green peppers. ]5jji!5c per
Ib; Mushrooms, i 154730c per lb: Marrow/at
Squash. lglUc per lb; Ilubbard. *ic per lb.
Receipts of Potatoes were light, as the boats
and trains were delayed by ilie Htorm. but there
was no scarcity of supplies and the market
continued quiet at previous prices, with buyers
opt?ratir.R cautiously. Onions were firmly held
at unchamrt-d rai^s. but moved slowly.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW TORK, March 10.— Tin was firmer in
London to-day, closing at an advance of 12s.
Spot was £123 Bs, and futures £124 12s. Lo
cally the market continued quiet and un
changed.
Lead declined In London, but in New York
It was unchanged at 4.60@4.6o.
Ppelter unchanged at .$f>f?5 10 in the
local market and declined 2s 6d in London to
£22 2s 6d.
New York Metal Market.
There was r.othinc new yesterday. The rain
put a stop to all trading In the morning.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 3r.@2 55: "Pea. $3; But
ters. $3; small White, $3@3 15; large White,
$2 50@2 SO; Pink. f3.20ig3 35; Red, $4 75®5;
Lima, $3 S0<£f3 35; Red Kidneys. $4 50®5;
Blackeye, $2 10^2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans. ?2@
SEEDS— Brown Musterd. $3 75@4; Tellow
Mustard. $::jf3 25; Flax. $1 S0@l 00; Canary,
5i^<i15%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, 14@14%c; Rape,
I J /i®2c; Timothy, fc:@-6M:c; Hemp, •iV^Z'^c per
lb; Millet. 3@3i.ic; Broom Corn Seed. ?i:0®21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
The local packer* and butchers continue to
quote a quiet and unchanged market.
DRKSSED MEATS. .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7@8c for Steers I and 6@6%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Lare», 7i4@8»4c: small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9>£@10c; Ewes, 9@9%o
per lb.
LAMB — Yearlings^ lie; Spring, 16c. .
PORK — Dressed Hoes. 7ffi8Uc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cert shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. S(&9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@Sc; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — t'S'4'Ac per lb (gross weight) ,
SHEEP— Wethers, 4>j(goc; Ewes} 4^ii§4Hc
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — O',4i9«o per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 110 to 200 lbs. 5»4c;
ov?r 200 lbs. 54<?5'!ici soft Hogs. 4',4tf?4?4c;
Sows. 2ft uer cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
Meat Market.
Uruguay's Vice President Dead.
MONTEVIDEO, March 10. — Senor
Alvarez, Vice President of Uruguay, is
dead.
A widow and two children — Mrs.
Henry M. Humphrey of New York and
William R. Robbins, a merchant with
business connections in New York and
London— surVive the deceased.
In 1S69 Mr. Robbins was invited to
join a commercial excursion party from
Chicago to California, which was the
flrs( body of excursionists to pass over
the transcontinental route, and was
composed of representative commercial
men, lawyers, editors, members of Con
gress and the governor of Illinois.
For several years he was engaged in
business in Chicago, and in 1S68 was
president of the B«ard of Trade of that
city.
Mr. Robins was born in Oswego
County, New York, May 25, 1824, his
family being among the most prom
inent in the county.
Enos Valentine Robbins died last
night at his residence, 1180 Mason
street, after three weeks of suffering
from the grip.
Mr. Robbi'ns was a well-known citi
zen, having settled in San Francisco in
1872. For many years he had been asso
ciated with Calvary Presbyterian
Church, and up , to the time of his
death was elder and treasurer of the
church.
E. V. ROBBINS
PASSES AWAY
AT RIPE AGE
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 100 1(« S P Co 4^8. 9S »9
B L Wnt 6s. — 120 Sun Tel 6s. .113 —
Cal NW 5s.lll?i — Do 5s 102Va —
SF Drdk 5s. — 113Va Suttr-st RSs.105 113
SF & NP 5s.Hl — NR of SF 4s. 7'J% SO
S P C R 4g. — 100 I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co 22 2r, Kev Nat Bk.lSO 210
Cal Cot Mils — 95 N S R R 11 —
C Jockey Cl. 99 120 N C P Co.. !> —
Cal Powder. 125 — Oak Bk Sav.ll2<£ —
Cal Shtp Co. 15 30 Oak T Con.. 65 —
Cal T I & T.115 140 IOOF Hall A. 5«i —
On Bk. Oak 63% — Orpheum Co.. — 16?i
Chutes Co .. 7 8 l'ac S Tel Co.lOOU —
City', A C Bk — • 112 JParaf Paint.. 3S
East Dynm.150 230 is F Drydock. 60 —
FN Bk Oak.120 — SF&S.I Coal.. 20 —
Fischer Thtr 1U — S J Wat Co. . — 10P,
Frnch-A Bk.105 — ' SO & MTgbt. — 165
Gas Con A. lOVj 21 SwIsb-A Bk.113 —
Hono P Co.. 12M, — Truck Elect. — 13
Lon& SF Rk — 60 UR InC pfd. 4ti$ —
Mat Nav Co — 90 Do com ... 10H —
Mils Nat Bk.300 —
' Morning Session.
Board—
$4,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 79 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$3,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 79 50
Unlisted Securities.
Charity Hayward and Emma or Emma H.
Rose (wife of A. W.) to John J. Stofen. lot on
N Una of Fulton street. 173 W of Larkin. W
27:6 by N 120; $1O.
Elizabeth W. Ruggleg to James D. Ruggi* s
Jr.. lot en N line of Jackson street. 1C2:8 W of
Buchanan. W C,"i by N 117; gift.
John H. Schroder to Margaretha E. Schroder,
lot on XW corner of Buchanan and lieary
streets, N lftrt by W U7:C: gift.
Kstate of Mary a. Robert* iGarness) by Ja
cob G. l-eib.->M (administrator); , to Morris
Windt, lot on rf line of Ellis street 9C:Z\t tl
of Scott. E 2atS>»3 by S 7i: $4S5O.
Same to same. lot en S linw of Ellis atreet. 60
E of Scott. E S6:2'i by 8 75: $5700.
Grace A. Payne ts'ahtn) < wife of K. W.) to
Nellie Champlin. lot on N line of Pine street,
10»> E of Devisadero. E 37:6 by N 1T»:«: $10.
William H. H0IM3 to Caroline TV'. Hollts. lot
on N line of Union street. 82:8 E of Devtaa
dero. E 27 :« by N 137:6; gift, i
' Savings and Ix>an Society to Jeremiah T.
Burke, lot on SW corner of Scott and Green
wich streets. S 6S:U by W 122:4; $25(X>.
Catherine Jonoa to < Ivirl-s T. Spader, lot i>n
E line of Guerrero street, 75 S of Twenty
third. S 50 by E 100; $10.
Frances J. and George T. Pracy iby Ella O.
Fitschen. trustee) to Frances M. Fltschen.
1373 V. 880L lot on S line of Twentv-fourth
street. 4C0 W of Noe, E 50 by 3 114. trustee's
Frances M. Fitschen to Henry Weingarten.
same; $10.
George F. and Eveline Chevalier to Honors
Delsol, lot on Vv' line of Powell street, 82 N of
Pacific, N SO by W 45:10; $10.
Richard D. and Frances J. Barton to !>•«
Tsal Leone, lot on S line of Clay street. 115:6
W of Masun. W 22 by S S.S: $10.
Antonio and Teresa Chichizola to Clotilde S.
Drmartini. lot on S line of Union street 103
W of Taylor. W C2:« by S 120; gift.
William If. and Fannie H. Hardy to Edwin
It. an<l George K. Haney. lot on B line of
Carolina street. 10O N of Twenty-fifth, N 25
by E 100: $10.
Louisa Hayesaen to Bernhard Getz. lot on
E line of Twenty-second avenue, 275 S of
Lake street, S 2."» by E 120; $10.
John and Meta Burgoyne to Anastatia Yates
lot on E line or" Eighth avenue. 175 N of B
street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
David and Seiina E. Lewfcj la Herman L«v. ,
inson. re-record 19S1 D. 201. W line of Bier,
rnth avenue. 75 N of I street. N 25 by W 95
$10.
CityJlCalty Company (corporation) to Doug
las and Susie Llndsey. lot on E line of Fourth
avenue. 110 S of Hugo etreet, S 25 by E I'M)
$10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Christian H.
Koehncke. lot on E line of Forty-ninth avenue
237 :fi S of K street. S 25 by E 2 JO; $10.
Sarah Baker to Emma M. Baker and Ralph
L. B. Marks, lot r.n E lint? of Bright street
275 N of Stanley. N 25 by E 100. lot 15 block
53. City Land Association: gift.
John J. Bonner to Joseph Dally, lota 1 and
2. block 4C9. O'Neil & Haley Tract, quitclaim
deed; $1.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Martha A. Ahl
sfVlt. let on S line of Montana street. 325 W
of Plymouth. \V 73 by S 125. block S. Railroad
Homestead Association; $10.
oransc H. Powell to Hubert A_ Walsh, lots
17f» and 181. Holllday Map A; *!(>.
Herbert A. Walsh to John and Maria Stone,
same: $10.
R. M. and Emma P. Watson and Herman '
and Carrie V. Samtcr to 'William C. Airey
lots 21 and 23. block P. Park Lane Tract B:
$10.
Same tr» James R. Hnrd. lots 25 and 27 '
block P. Park Lane Tract 5: $10. " *
John II. Schroder to Margarctha E. Schroder "
lots 967 and 1043. Gift Map 2; gift. *
Builders' Contracts.
A. V. Clark (owner) with Fred C. C. An4«*>
son (contractor), architect T. J. Welsh— Brick,
stone, iron and steel work, sidewalk, arche*.
lenses doors and chute and terra cotta for a
R!x-stt>ry brick and terra cotta building ot>
the W line of Second street. 55 3 of Stevenson
W 05 by S 23: $10,058.
Same owner with Frank Gallagher (con
tractor), architect same — Carpenter joining
hardware, glazing, plastering, tinning, galvan
ized Iron and painting work for same, on same:
$5675. •»
Same owner with Ickclheimer Bros (con
tractors), architect same — Plumbing, sewering
and gaafitting for same, on same; $1432
THURSDAY. MARCH 10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
fairly active and firm, with holders in some
instances asking above quotations. Common,
4@5' 4 c; prime, 5*gc; choice. 6@6*£c; fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — Are meeting with a good demand
end rule firm. Quotations range from 3»£c to
fi^c. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Continue firm, with supplies
small. Choice are quoted at 9*i@10o; extra
cfcolce. 10'4@*10*ic; fancy. 20025c.
"PEACHES — Are in fair demand and also rule
firm. Choice. 7Vi@7 J /ic; extra choice, 7*«@
8&c; fancy, 9S'10c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL — Firm.
PETROLEUM — Steady.
COFFEE: — Spot Rio. dull; No. T lirrolce,
6*ic; mild, steady.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; refined, firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK. March 10.— WHEAT— Spot,
firm. Options closed strong at lQ>l?£c net ad
vance. May. 8S%c; July. 95>4c.
New York Grain and Produce.
There was no trading in this line yesterday
morning owinir to the furious wind and rain
storm, and prices remained unchanged.
BRAN— $21(g22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$27 5*829 per ton.
SHORTS— $21@22 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24®25 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $29 50@ai;
jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22@^3; Corn
Meal. $29 50@30 50; Cracked Corn, $3Q@31:
Mixed Feed, $22023; Horse Beans, $:JO@
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl
HAY— Wheat. $15@1S; Wheat and Oat $15®
17; Oat. S15S17; Wild Oat, $13@15 50; Bar
ley $13@15; Stock, nominal — none here: Al
falfa $12@13 50.
STRAW — 50©75c per balet
Hay and Feedstuffs.
UNITED RAILROADS OF BAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK, March 10. — No bond transac
tions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4H. asked 4*»; preferred, bid
33 H asked S8T..
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 26; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 60@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, ?3 60- Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25<g8 60; in sacks, $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley. $G; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 80®
6 10.' usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@S:
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 8334 25
per bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Previous Conditions prevail and quotations
remain unchanged.
If present intentions regarding Hops are car
ried out the increase in acreage this year prom
ises to be heavy. In this State about 3000 to
3500 acres will be set out to the new plant,
about 1000 acres of which will be In the Sono
ma district. ' There will be an increase of about
3500 acres in Oregon and 250O to 3500 acres In
Washington.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. DWc; medium. S»4c; light. 7?ic: Cow
Hides. Sc for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags.
6c: Salted KId. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides, 15@16c: dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@30c. each;
short Wool. 40@65c each; medium. 70@00c: long
Wool. $1®1 60; Horse Hides, salt. ?2 75 for
large and $2@2 B0 for medium. $1 25@1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 SO for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c; , dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American," 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
35c: small., 20c.
TALLOw-No. 1 rendered. 4<4@4'4c per lb:
No. 2, 3%©4c; grease. 2V><^3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San .Toaauln Lambs'. 0^
lie; Middle County, ll®12c; Northern defect
ive. fifilOc; Nevada. 13ffl5c; Oregon, fine, 1S@
19c: Oregon, medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS— 2. r >i?T 30c per lb for California. 1003.
and 20c forcroo of 1904. Some business In 1904
Or^cons and Washlngtons at 15tJ17c Is re
ported.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 10—5 p. m.
The following ere. the seasonal rainfalls to
«1»te. as compared with those of same date last
seeson. and rainfall in last twenty-four hours -
I-ast This Last
, Stations— 24 hours, eeaion. season.
Eureka 43. 84
Tied Bluff 3.10 24.6*5 1H.24
Sacramento J.12 11.92 12.28
San Francisco f. .. 1.28 14.00 12.84
Fre*no 0.40 4.46 «.&!
Independence 1.S2
San La»1r Obispo 12.43
!«O6 Angeles.. O.3« " 3.J1S JJ.97
Sar. Diego...../. Tr. 1.03 9.72
The circular of Henry Nordllnger * C*^
tsuSer <ste of New Tork. March 1, says:
••Shortly after ire Issued our last report,
a thorough change in the speculative senti
ment on tour local market took place. Prices
crumbled away with a rapidity which was as
tonishing. Enormous blocks were thrown over
board indiscriminately, and the advance Wtolch
took three month* In bulldin* up was wiped
out in *o many days.
••T\"» were asked for the re*»on which le<3
to this sudden collapse in prlc«. One reason
is thought to have been the revival of com
petition between two most Important Interests
In thif country which were before thought to
have be*n working in harmony. Another rea
son, ascribed is that one of our large roasters
who had failed to «ecur« all the coffee needed
for hie requirement* recognized the over
bought speculative position on our market In
combination with th* dangerous position »p*cu
lat^ra brought upon themselves In another com
modity, and grasped this oportunlty to break
th« market for the purpose of shaking- out
tbese speculative holdings and of obtaining a
fciK line of actual coffee at proportionately low
price? Whichever of these two versions
mny h* correct if immaterial now. The lacts
• r«> that th» instigators of the decline have
r*rn eminently successful In their movement.
sr-ri this success was solely due to the flan
gcro-js speculative position in which the mar
¦la calmly looking over the field we find
that the present and profipecttT* position of
a<;ual coffee has not charged In the lea«
from what it was a month ago; facts are.
hnwever, for the. time being, entirely ignored.
Let us co back to the time the advance In
rrk«? was started; this was last August on
ib« proposition that the 19C3-4 Rio and Santos
crop would amount to only between 12.000,000
nn'i l.".0<«0.000 bags. Later on the price In
creased step by step with each reduction of
th» probable outturn of the crop, until a
i»a«onable assurance was had that It would be
only about 10.500.000 baps. Then the bigh
*n"rnce was reached. Th« actual conditions
with regard to the extent of the crop are not
na? lota different from what they were a
month ago. Nevertheless speculation may
force the market etlll lower, especially at this
tim*-. wticti sentiment has been so thoroughly
shaken: but supply and demand are bound to
legulat?' values eventually and for this reason
wo do not hesitate to recommend laying In
»t'»cks and not missing the present oppor
tunity of doing so at a safe basis of price.
TIJE STATISTICAL, glTTATION.
"The receipts at Rio and Santos up till now
«re about 600.000 bags smaller than for the
fame time last >ear, and the Indications are
that the. falling off in the receipts for the
remainder of the crop year will b« about 50
7*r f»r.t as compared with lart year. On the
o;her hand, receipts of other kinds fexclusl\-e
r.f Rio and Santo*> have been eo far about
l.noo.iioo bags larger than last year, but they
should show a falling off from now on be
< aus»> the Central American crops, as well as
the Java crops, are very much smaller than
ia*i year. •'.•;
"The d>]iv*riri= >n Europe md the United
States are about 7r.a,OOit bags larger than last
year, which i* a fair offset to the increase in
the receipts <»f Mild*. Bahias and Victorias.
••We estimate the receipts of Slllds in Eu
rop* and the United States during the next
four months at about 2.<TftO,000 bags, the re
<-Mp»s st Rio and Santos about 1.500.0(10 bags,
total le/ceir-ts S.5OO.O0O bags. The consumption
during these four month* can safely be cal
< u'.ated at 5.0C«i.<j0<> bags, therefore we can
rraconaV'y expect to s~e a reduction In the
visible FuriplJ" of 1.500.0<iO bajts from present
figure? by the end of the crop year. Thl« is
certainly a feature which merits attention.
Jhe more *o as it mean* drawing on stock*
in consuming markets in no «mall measure
liurlng the coming months.
"vV> find a strong purport to our argu
ment with ref^re-n'-e to the actual T*>£itlon in
the fact that tli' Brazil markets hold up very
firm in of the weriou* break in consum
ing markets. If tne artual position — that Is.
the extent of th<= present end next crop — were
In-mical to higher market values, we should
think that tlie n*arkets in the producing coun
tries wouM he the first to *how weakness, or
\vcu!d ft any rste quickly respond to the de
cline established. Hut it !• a still stranger
feature that »t a rri>~e of l@1-ic a lb higher
ihan our market, which has been the prevail
ing disparity jn Uraxil during the last two
or three weeks, purchases are being made for
United States' account. We ask ourselves nat
urally — Who is buying in the producing mar
ket* at such a disparity of values? It is
certs inly n« the dealer for h'.s requirements.
It rnu«t be. the large roaster* who cannot ob
. tain the grajSe of Koods they need on our
mark«t. and while they are nominally quot
ing a low price for same, are actually buying
at the same time at a so much higher price
i:i Brazil. *%/ •
••IvegitimRte trading has T>e.en influenced
ihrough the «l«cline in the speculative quarter.
T'le dealer inland i« nonplar-eii. more espe
. ially tx> bera'iKp he cannot obtain ih» actual
ssnfr at anything like the dec'Jr.e which has
taken \'h".ct in options. The first revival of
Icgftbut* Aetnand wil! show that derirnble
'juflities ere sparer now than e\-cr. and it
"ill also be Tound ihst s-?liers nre (few end far
"Our Eutxinean friends maintain that the
-.'resent basis of price is helow t^ value whu-n
tjie position of tlie article ¦narnants. This is
jefiertcd in the Eyrcv'-an martins, which nn
ruling shout %: ;f a In and ir.ore over our
1-arlty. snd show* the confidence v.-hic1r j.-r*
•ai!* there in spite of the depressed F.tate of
.-¦.flair* here. We must say that w share
:liis confidence fully.
"Mild coffeen have held their own. although
.-•rrivals were free and stocks are large. Coun
:r;e« cf production have shipper* out all their
oM accumulations; the goods coming forward
r>ow are of the new crop, which are not nearly
p.s desirable as those previously received here."
THE COFFEE MARKET.
The. Recent Slump and Future
Prospects.
TCEATHKH CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Nearly all reports ar« missing- on account of
wire trouble.
The storm 1» widespread and of unusual se
verity. Not since February 22, 1891, has ths
barometer fallen so low at Ban Francisco.
Rain has fallen over the entire coast. In
Central and Northern California the rainfall
has been exceptionally heavy, at some point*
amounting to three Inches or more. This
heavy rain will cause a rapid rlsa In all the
rivers to a dangerously hlsrh state. Warn
ings have been sent to points on the upper Sac.
ratnento and on other rivers.
The following maximum wind velocities art
reported; Sacramento. 64 miles, from the
coutheast: Rod. Bluff, 40 miles, from the south
east; San Francisco. 48 miles, from the south
east, and Fresno, 28 miles, from the southwest.
The following are the river readings: Red
Bluff. 26.8. rising; Maryevllle, 16.9. rising; Sac
ramento. 22.9, rising; Teharoa, 20.02, rising-;
San Joaquln Bridge, 11.4, rising.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 11:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
wrather Friday, with showers; brisk southerly
wind.
Southern California — Rain Friday; bri»k to
high southerly winds.
Nevada — Rain or snow Friday; high souther
ly winds. - . ¦
8xn Francisco— Cloudy, unsettled weather
Friday, with showers; brisk southwest winds.
A. O. McADlE, District Forecaster.
-After the conference Secretary Taft
said that it had .been called to consider
the possibilities of steam and electrio
railroad development in the Philip
pines; that no other enterprises were
discussed and that no conclusion had
been reached.
"These gentlemen," said the Secre
tary, "have been here at my invitation
to talk over the conditions which may
attract capital to the Philippines. We
want to get capital to go over there and
help develop the islands."
"What was the disposition of the
capitalists?" he was asked.
"Well, I must say they are not biting
quite, as hard as we would like. Still,
some of them have displayed interest."
He admitted that the purpose of the
conference was to get information for
use in framing laws regarding fran
chises which would give the Philippine
Commission further powers looking to
the proper development of the Islands.
"The information we have been getting
to-day is to be used . in drafting the
bills that may be'put before Congress."
he said.
He said there was no desire to make
the concessions too liberal.
"While to-day's conference was lim
ited to the subject of railroads," said
the Secretary, "it is not the intention
to limit development In the Philippines
to these industries. It was at first the
intention to confer on steamship routes
and lines, too, but it was decided not
to do this to-day."
Taft, who left for Washington to
night, said he would make a report _pn
the subject to a Congressional commit
tee Saturday next.
. ¦ »
NEW YORK, March 10.— W. H. Taft,
Secretary of War. came her© to-day
and had a prolonged conference with
several men prominent In railroad and
financial matters. The conference was
held In the office of former Secretary
of "War Root.
Proper Development of
-Steam and Electric Koads
in Islands Is Considered
DISCUSS PHILIPPINES
WHEAT— With plenty of Wheat on hand and
to come, the European markets are quiet and
featureless, and prices change but little. It
wan a holiday at Paris yesterday. No news of
any consequence was received here from the
other markets, as the wires wors mostly pros
trated by the storm. Stagnation ruled on the
Grain Exchange..
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 40@l 45; California
White Australian. $1 50@l 67%; Northern
Club. $1 40(31 42%; Northern Bluestem. $1 ?0&
1 55 per ctl.
FUTURES. %
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. -
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $141% $1 .41% $1 41% $1 41«i
December ... 1 36% 1 37<4 1 36«i 1 37«i
2 p. m. Session.
May-y$l 41%.
December— $1 371,4.
BARLEY — The heavy wind .and rain storm
that swept over the city yesterday morning put
the finishing touc&es to an already listless mar
ket and there was a practical suspension of
trading. But few samples were shown on the
Grain Exchange, and these met with little at
tention. Under the circumstances quotations
were nominal.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 O6>,4©1 C8%; Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 12%<S>1 15; Chevalier. $1 15ig>l 35 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. ¦
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $106^4 $106^ $1 Gfl>4 $1 o<U4
December ... 1 01 1 01 1 01 1 01
2 p. m. 'Session.
• Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 07 $1 O7>i $1 07 $1 O7V4
December — No sales, $1 01 »» bid.
OATS — This market was as dull as the
others, there, being no business worth talking
about.
White. $1 27%@1 37%; Black $1 25Q>1 65;
Red. $1 25@1 35; Gray, $1 32% per ctl.
CORN — Quotations remained unchanged and'
tho market is still without feature. Offerings
are few and receipts moderate.
Western sacked $1 32>,4@1 37% for Yellow,
$1 32%@1 37% for White and SI 30@l 35 for
Mixed; California large yellow, $1 37%@142%;
small round do. $1 45@1 50; White. $1 37%©
1 42% per ctl: Egyptian. $1 4531 50 for white
and $1 27%@1 30 for browp.
RTE-J1 3081 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Local trade suddenly checked by the heavy storm.
Wall-street Stpcks quiet and unchanged.
Not much doing in local securities.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Furious rain/stops trading in Grain, Millstuffs and Hay.
Beam quiet, but firmly held. Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Stormy tveather interferes with Poultry and Game markets.\
Not much business in the Fruit market.
Butter slightly weaker, Cheese depressed and Eggs steady.
Provisions quiet and easy in all positions.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
Canned Salmon in better demand and firmer. ,
Lucol Paint Oil marked up.
LARD — Tlreces quoted at 6%c per Ib for
compound and 9*4c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
Dijc: 10 lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. lOHc; ."-lb
tins, 10V4c .
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels, OVic; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8?»c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lOVic per Ib for
heavy, lie for light medium. 13c for light,
lo'tc for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13V*e; California
Hams, 12'^c; Mess Beef, 510 50® 11 per bbl;
extra Me»s, $11 50® 12; Family. $12 50@13;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $24(gr25;
Mess, JsiS; Dry Salted Pork. 10H@llc: Pig
Perk." $27; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c'
per lb.
The market continues quiet, with no features
worthy of comment.
Provisions.
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades. 50-Ib cases — 2
crown Loos* Muscatels, 5%c per ,1b:
3-crown, S^gc; 4-crown, «%c; Seedless Loose
Muecatels. 4V»c; Seedless floated, 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 6c;- 3-crown Malaga loose, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, 4V?c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. 5Vic. I-ayers, per 20
lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters, $3;. B-crown
Deheea clusters, $'J 50; 4-crown fancy clusters,
$2: 3-crown London Layers, $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers, $1 25; usual advance for, frac
tional boxes and layers.. Seeded — Fancy/ 16-oz
cartons, per lb, ' 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package, e%e: fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7%c;
choice 16-oz cartons, per lb.'7%c; choice 12-oz
cartons, per package. 6%c: choice bulk car
tons, per lb. 7%c; 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per .lb, "c; ]2-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb 6«jc; bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per Ib, 6%c. '-'
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 13H(gl4c;
No. 2. ll%@12c; No.. 1 hardshell, 13«3i:*,V.ct
No. 2, 11©11%p; Almonds. 11 %c for Nonpa
reils, 11 Me for I XIj, lie for Ne> Plus Ultra
and OVic for> Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for
Iiartern: Pecans, ll@13c; Coeoanuts. $4 50®5.
. HONEY— Comb, 10©ll%c for white and 8%
@0%c for amber; water white extracted. 5©
• r >'4c; light' amber extracted, 4%@4»lc; dark.
3'.i'g'4c.
BEESWAX— 27 @20c per lb.
FRUIT — Apricots, .S»4@10^<>e for Royals- and
9@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4V4@
5?ic; sun-dried, ' 3*4 ©4140; Peaches, 5<g7'/jc;
P«irs. 8@ll%c; Nectarines, 5@5%c; Figs,
white, 3@4c in boxea; black, 4}ic; Plums, pit
ted, 6@8c per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%@254c for the four
sizes. ¦ - .-
Dried Fruits,Nut$,Raisins,Honey.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
New York Exchange, tljht .. — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15 ¦
Silver, per ounce — .- f-7%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 47%
Secretary Taft Holds a Con
ference in New York City
With Prominent Financiers
UNITED , STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l07^108%l4s qr cp new.l32Vi —
4s qr reg...lO7U108U|Ss qr coup. .106V4107
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co es.-llS^US 1 *
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 Do 5s 110ViH2^
Cal C G 5s. — 104U Do con 5s.. — 101
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5*.. — 75
m & ct.Bs. — 90 Om Cable 6s. 122 — .
Cal-st C 5s.ll6?4117J4 Pac'G lm 4s. 90 86
C C Wat 6s. — 1C0J4 P E Ry 5s.lO5# —
Ed L & P «s.t25 131 P & C H 68.103 V»10844
F & C H 68.114 — P & O R 6S..116 —
Geary-st Ca.. 45% »0 Powell-st 6s.. — —
H C&S 5149.IW — Sac EG&Ros. — 100
Do 5s ¦.'....88 100 SF & SJVCs.118 118^
Hon R T 6s.lO6 — Sierra R 6s.. 112% —
h A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s..ll2SiliaU (1909) . 105% —
L A I, Co 6s — — (1010) 107 —
Do gtd 6b. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s.lO3»4 — (l$K!5)Sr A..104V4104H
LAP lem Cs.lOt% — (1905)SrB.. 105% —
Mkt-st C Cs.116 — (1906) . 106^107
Do lem 5s.llS — (1012) HSU —
MV& MtT5s.lO4 — SPC 1 eg 6s. — —
NRR of C6s.lO7 — Do stmpd..l(W ' lOOtf
Do €s .... 11814 — S P B R 6S.134 —
NPCR CS..105 — S V W 6s.. 104 —
N C Ry 6s. — — Do 4s 2dm. — 100
N C P C 5«. — 100 Do 4.4 3dm. — 88%
N S R R r.s. 98 100% Stkn G&E6s. — —
OG L&H 5s.lO8 , — U G & E 6s. — 108
O W gtd Os. — 100
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 39 % 41 |Port Costa...— —
Marip Co... — 62^41 S V Wat Co. 39 88!4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 3% S F G & B. 69 60
Mutual B L. — 11 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 5514 — UG t & E Co. 27^4 82%
TRUSTEES' CERItFICATES.
8 F G & E. — — I
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd.SlO — | ,
BANK STOCKS. . ; '. .'
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 |L P & A. ...158 1B5
Anglo-Cal .. 89 OL'iilMer Trust... — 225"
Bank of Cal. — 43rt JMerch Ex — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F Natlonl. — '' —
First Nationl — — j
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 23C0 | Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co... — —
8 F Sav U.625 — |
STREET RAILROADS. ,
California ..190 200 I Presidio .....— «
Geary — 80 |
POWDER.
Giant — — |Vigorit «% 4%
SUGAR.-
Hana P Co. — 40o iKHauea S C. — 5
Hawaiian "C. 46% 47J4|Makawell C. 21% 22%
Honokaa S C 12 13V4|Onomea S C. 22% 28
Hutch S P C 9 — |Paauhau S C. 13 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.139Tb — lOceanlc S Co 4% 6
Cal F C A. 96 — 1 Pac Aux FA. 6 6
Cal Wine A. — 95 |Pac C Borx. — 168
M\'& MtTm.100 — I
Morning Session.
Board— .
10 Alaska Packers' Assn. b 3 140 00
10 Alaska Packers' Assn...; 140 00
10 Spring Valley Water Co 30 37%
$2,000 S P of Arizona (1909) 106 00
Street —
20 California Fruit Cannera' Assn. 96 50
116 S F Gas & Electric S9 60
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Alaska Packers' Assii 140 00
M» Giant Powder Con 61 0O
20 Spring Valley Water Co 39 50
$5,000 United Gas & Electric 5s 105 CO
THURSDAY, March 10— 2 p. m.
STOCK AXDBOXD EXCHANGE.
SEEKS THE AID
OF CAPITALISTS
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 25®2
per box for fancy and T5c@$l 25 for choice
and standard; Seedlings, SOcfKl; Tan
gerines, 75c$f$l 25 per box; Lemons, $1 75@2 50
for fancy. $1 25@1 50 for cholea and 76c@$l for
standard; Grape Fruit, $1 25®2 50; Mexican
Limes, $6@0 SO; Bananas. $i@2 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $1 50@2 25 for Central Ameri
can; Pineapples. $1 50@2 60 per dozen.
*PPLES-*$l 7G92 per box fpr extra fancy,
$1 25@1 80 for ;¦ ordinary fancy. 85c@f 1 for
choice and 35065c for common. •
fancy Ftock. £ix cars are announced for to
day's auction. All the other fruits shared In
the general dullness and prices were nominally
unchanged. '¦ >; • ;s . . . *
County has levied an assessment of 2o per
share, delinquent April 6. ' . ¦
The monthly dividend of th» Alameda Sugar
Company has been Increased from 20c to 30c.
The pool which a year aso tied. up 253,000
shares of OH' City Petroleum stock In order to
get It off the market expired by limitation, yes
terday. -
The Belcher Mining: Company has levied. an.
assessment of 10c. .,
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL; FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1904.
EASTERN MAEKETS.
Sterling Kxchance, sixty days.... — $4 84%
Sterling Kxchansre, sight ........ — 4 87'i
Et erllng Exchange, cables ...... — 4 63 \' %
Exciiangc and Bullion.
Trade In Oranges was of ve-y small volume.
as th« storm kept: local buyers away from the
market and -there was very little doing: in. th»
shipping line. The market was heavily stocked
with Navels, and as a result of the low prices
obtained at the auction . sale on .Wednesday all
Kradea were auoted lower. - The ton . quotation
wa* asked only for fancy lots r, "nd-H°s
$1 75 being the top for the general run of
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
•Light transactions characterized business; on
the exehamceji yesterday, though on the after
noon session of the California Exchange, there
was more activity,- In: the oil stocks. ¦• On the
Bond Exchange J the only fluctuation worthy^ of
note was a further rise ; in Alaska Packers to
$140.. ¦¦•' - ¦ ¦,;¦-¦¦.¦.. ¦ :¦ ¦ ;¦'-¦¦ - ':-.
- Ex-dividend yesterday: Giant Consolidated
Powder ¦ Company, regrular monthly, BOc per
share,, amounting to $10,000; ¦'. California Wine
Association, - regular >month'lv.. 60c v per • share,
amounting to • $28,125 20: Monte '.Orlsto -Oil
Company. .lc per-share,- amou? tlnjr to $5000/ ¦
•'.- California Combined Oil Company of Kern
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
14
J. "W. KEEGAN. Ree. Sec
WATKJN— In this city. March ft. 19O4, M«ri»,
beloved wife of Evan Ernest Watkin. mother
of Marls Watkin, daughter of Mrs. Fannt*
Morris, and sister of Frank Lelay and Char-
lotte Morris, a native of San Francisco, Ca!.,
aged 21 years 4 months and 5 days.
ITJFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th» funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her lat"»
residence. 62fi^ York street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Intennem Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
WILEY— In this city. March «, 1804. L* B.
Wiley, a native of New York, aged 61 year*.
E7The funeral will taka place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Elks" Hall.
223 gutter street, under the> auspices of San
Francisco Lodso No. 3, B. P. O. Elks. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MEMBERS of San Francisco Lodge No. 3. B.
P. O. Elks, are hereby notified to attend th»
funeral of our late brother, L. B. WUey, on,
Saturday, at 1:30 p. m.. from the lodse-
rooros. 22.1 Sutter street. By order of
JAMES M. ODEX.U Exalted Rul-r.
CTFrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-dar
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 046 Mission street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
EL. DORADO Parlor No. 52. N. 8. O. W. —
Officers and members are hereby notified ?•
attend the funeral of our late brother. W. 11.
Waite. Friday. March 11, at 1 o'clock, from
the parlors of Halsted Jb Co.. undertakers.
045 Mission street.
J. O. GUINNANE. Fres.
ETFriend:* are respectfully invitM to at-
tend tho funeral to-day (Friday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of her daughter.
1361 Ellis atreet. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from Third
and To-wnsend streets.
SPILLANE— In this city. March 10. 180* Kate,
beloved sister of Timothy Splllane. a native
of County Cork, Ireland, aged 52 year*.
CTRemains at parlors of McFaddaa. Mo-
Brearty & .Green. 1171 Mission atreert. be-
tween Seventh and EUhtb.
WAITE — In this city, March 8. 1904. "William
H. Waite. beloved husband of Elisabeth
"Walte, a native of California. . aged 4O year*
4 months and 14 days.
I* Manifold, a native of Dublin. Ireland.
aged 34 year*.
McCREART— In Sutaun. March 10. 1904.
Daniel McCreary. beloved hu»b*nd of M»ry
McCreary. and father of Mrs. B. Z. Judi»
and Howard D. McCreary, & native of Penn-
sylvania, ared 73 years 7 months and .»
days. ¦ i*
OAKES— In Ran Leandro. Cal.. Mrs. M. L*
Oakes. wif» of the late A. S. Oakes. and
. mother of Mrs. M. Joseph Andrade. w. fc.
Oakes and Joseoh S. Oakes. a native of
Azores Inlands, aeed 70 years and 9 montn«.
(ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
March 11. at 10 o'clock, from Church saa
Leandro. San Leandro. Interment Hay-
warda Cemetery.
ROBBINS— On Thursday. March 10, 1904. «t
his residence. 1180 Mason street, E. Vj
Robbins. in his eightieth year. (Chicago and
" Sew York City papers please ccpy.)
ICTFriends are invited to attend tn»
funeral services at Calvary Presbyterian
Church. Saturday. March 12, at 1:00 o'clock.
Interment private.
RYAN— In this city. March 9. 10M. Mary
Ellen, dearly beloved daughter of Jam«» and
Bella Kyan, and living sister of Margaret
A.. Daniel J.. Ja*> and Jamei P. Ryan,
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years '¦£
months and 10 days.
ICThe foreral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from, her late resi-
dence. 3100 Sacramento street, thence- to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the reoose of her sou!.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Santa
Clara, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third a-nd
Townsend streets.
SCHUIIAN-In this city. March ». 1304.
- Melissa. Sehuznan. mother of Mrs. Emma. C.
Culverwell, a native of Bergen. N. T.. aged
60 years and 4 months.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
DEATH NOTICES.Socder's Arraignment.
Leon Soeder will appear In Judge
Cook's court this morning to be ar
raigned on the charge of murdering
his brother-in-law, Joseph Blaise. He
will probably ask for' time to plead
and the case will not come to trial for
several weeks yet.
•The recent heavy rams have done a
great deal of good \o certain sections of
the State and every one should haye a
gas range from San Francisco Gas and
Electric Co., 415 Post street. i*
There are nearly five hundred Chris
tian , churches in Japan and over 0113
thousand' missionaries.
Father Grey Gains a Point.
Dr. Thomas F. Brennan, who Is
charged by Father P. J. Grey with
converting: to his own use money, in
trusted to his care by the priest, must
answer the latter's suit to recover the'
money. Judge SIoss yesterday over
ruled' Brennan's demurrer to" the
priest's action and gave him. ten days
Steamer. ] Destination. Sails. Pier.
March 11. j
Chehalls Oray* Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
' Chico Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
I Czarina Coos Bay direct.. 5 pm Pier S
! Elizabeth... { CViquille River 10 am Pier 20
| Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion <5 pm Pier 2
, State of Cal San Diego & Way. fi am Pier 11
I Empire • Coos Bay direct.. 12 m Pier VI
| Central:*... Graya Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt l:SOpPier 9
Senator Pua;c-t Bound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
March. 12.
! Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
I Bor-St* Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
( Alameda... Honolulu jll am Pier 7
| Peru N T via Panama. 112 m Pier 40
March 13.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2*
! S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
March 14. j
• Spokane j Humboldt l:30pPier 0
Arcata j Coon B. & Pt. Orfd 12 ta Pier 13
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier '20
G. Llndauer. Urays Harbor. 2 pm Pier —
Eureka 'Humboldt .... 0 am Pier 13
Coronado...; Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
March 16. >,: ;,
Coo«Bay...! San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City PuebJa' Pujjet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 20
March 18. . 'I
Maripo«a.. Tahiti direct II amIPier 7
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 amIPier 24
March 19. j
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPUr 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor. 4 pm Pier 10
March- 21.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pie- 9
March 23.
Nevadan... Hono. & Kabului. Ill amIPier 7
Jeanie Seattle &. Tacoma. jlO am j Pier 20
— — rROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. ( sails.
Dora Dutch Harbor v. Valdex Mar. IS
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Port*. Mar. 18
Santa Ana Valdex & Way Ports.. Mar. 16
Dfiigo Skafrway-& Way Porta. Mar. 17
J. Dollar Valdex St. Seward..... . Mar. 20 '
Alki Skasrway & Way Port*. Mar. 20 i
City Seattle.. 1 Skagway & Way Port».|Mar. 26 j
ARRIVED.
Thursday, March 10.
Stmr Chehalls, Martin. 44 hours from San
Pedro.
•Stmr Mariposa. Rennie. 12 days 2 hours and
2V» mlnutws from Tahiti. ; '
Stmr Lakme, Christenson, 7 hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, SO hours from
M<ndocino. etc.
Etmr San Pedro. Rasmussen, 00 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Nor «tmr Tellus, Arntzen, 110 hours from
Ladysmlth.
SAILED.
i Stmr Geo Loomia. * Badcer, v Seattle.
RETURNED.
Thursday. March 10.
Stmr O'O Loomii!. hence to-day for Seattle,
on account of .heavy southeast gales.
TELEGRAPHIC. •
) ' POINT LOBOS. March 10, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy: wind west; velocity. 24 miles per hour.
SPOKEN. E
March 9 — Per. stmr Mariposa. 33 12 north,
125 .10 west, Br shlD Beechbank, fronv Port
Blakeley, tor Port Pirie.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed March 10— Bktn A«
1 dromeda, for Puret Sound; stmr Sierra, for
Sydney. . . ' _'
Arrived March 10 — Stmr Solace, from Ma
nila: bktn O*o C Perkins, hence Feb U.
" MANILA — Arrived March 1 — U 8 stmr Sher
idan, hence Feb 1.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Arrived March 10— Stmr Santa
Barbara, from Port Loa Anreles.
Sailed March 10 — Schr AM Baxter, for Port
Townsend.
COOS .BAY — Arrived March 10^ — Stmr- Ar
cata, bence March 7. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived March 0— Br shlD Efska
toni, from Vancouver. •
YOKOHAMA— To sail March 12— Ship A. O
Ropes, for Kahului. . ,
Sailed March 8 — Br etmr IndraDUra, for
PORT PIRIE — Arrived March 10— Br ship'
Claverdon, from . Port Gamble. •
PAPEETE — Arrived Jan 27— Fr schr Pa
peete, hence Dec 23.
TAHITI— Sailed Feb 17— Bktn TtodIc Bird,
for Kan Francisco. ,
HONGKONG— Sailed March 10— Btmr Korea,
f nr San KruncUwi
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAJt,.
The Time Rail on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. «.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. I'. S. N.. In charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. P. N\, Mer
chants' Eschanxe, San Francisco. Cal.,
March 10. 1904.
Time Ball.
Matters of Interest to 31arfnprs and
Shipping Merchant!-.
The FChocnor J. H. I.unfir.an. nnvr Et Hono
lulu, uroct-ed* to Portland to loed lumber for
Shanrhai or K*.ichou at 37b fid. or Taku at 47s
fcd 'if lo a dirert Chines* t»;rl. Is 3d less):
option eC Ilar.kow or Manila st £3 50.
«
i.vnoiis for Hawaii
Tbe s-chocn»-r H. »'. Wright was cleared on
X\"f>dn^"!av for Mahuk'Tn with an ajwrted
m*rrfc£ndise cariro. valued at f 1* '.-VyJ. and ln
cSndiac the fallowing:
25o bbls flour. 2*>71 ctlR barley, 75.346 lbs
t'vjn. 13.1XV It* middlings. 13 ctis corn. 51 ells
' i'. •?. 55 baT<f b*jr. 1W ctl» wheat, l«n> lb« U cs
i!s, *_'»S lbs butter. lbs chf*f<-. 457 lb*
PfwiTa »nd bacon. 42UO lbs lard. 74VI lb* salt. 24*-'J
|£m breed MO lbs codflfh. 'M cs canned i-almon.
21 bbla K' half bb!s picki-d salmon. 1«> c« table
pr^jarBiion*. 11 rkjis fr»>?>h fruit. 47 ;>kgs
paste. X: cs canr.M g'.ods. 31 crts potatoes.
2<j7." lt>r b»an?. 1.V70 Ib? rujfsr. 5 pkgs groceries
ana provisions. 5 c* taking jicwdcr, .'Cfi.ijfXt
lbs Fertiliser ."uS.E7a ft lumber. 5 coils rope. 10
eks cf ke, *»< bb.s lime. 5 pkxs machinery. 10 c*
*cid, 5 pkes druss, :» cs booty and *>ho«-s, 150
ce ccalojl. 35 tkKt patr.ts and o;le. 41 bxs &oap.
The bark EJward May wa« clf-artd yesterday
lor Makaueli and Honolulu with a general
c&rKO. valued at $1S.MjO and including the fol
128 bbls fl^ur. :ajO,42»J lbs bran. 13..V>2 lbs
'iri'M'iingf CV- cV.s barley. 33 ctls corn, 03
ctls wh<at. 218 ctls oats. 2*7 bales hay. 73 crts
pctato*?, 20 pkgs parte. l."2 !b* cheese, 25.000
lbs rif*. ICiU lbr t-uear. «^i^7 His mea'.s. 2'J cs
C bfci* salmon. ifiM lbs bcar.s. 217 cs assorted
canned go.j<!» 1440 lb* lard. «^5 lbs ham and
bacon, 231 bx« rt«r. 5*0 lb* co3n>h. 2123 lb«
b-ead. M0 1!<* cofTee. 11 pfcga table preparations.
3000 lbs rait. 5S0 lbs tcbacco. 5 cs drugs. 18
rtkjm jair.ts ard oils. 5 ct beet* and shoes. 7
pkjrs candl"-. 22 cs tratchex. 200 cs coal oil.
1?,4 b<2!s wire, 1050 gaU distillate. B337 rail
road Wf. 1CV> redwood poet*, fl bbls tar. 7 pkgs
ir.achimry. C7 pes pipe. !>0,<KX> lbs cement,
42.JCS ft luiritx-r.
«
Hie Curacao's Cargo.
The eteair.T Curacao, wnicn Fauea on aon- j
<1e» for Mexican pert*, carried an assorted ¦
rr.erchandise careo valued at £80,413, to be j
\ clietrtbuted as follows:
*f For Maxatlan. *35,»79; Cuaymae, (17.913; '-
Altata. $1S.0j6: Ensenada, $*SS3: La Pai, ;
3 ;:..¦•.-. Santa Rosalia, »4351. The leading ex- j
pcrts were at followe:
To Masatlan— 231NJ Ml? 25 cs wine. 10 cs ,
brandy, JC3 cs whiskey, 52 cs mineral water, ;
10S7 inn rfrled fruit. 1200 lb* raisins, &0O6 lbs '
truces. 1X84 lbs hem and bacon, 2O'.« pkrs >
paste. €25 lbs butter, l-'iio lbs codfish. 1705 •
lbs 2 cs bread, 1£2 cf canned coods, HO crts ;
j>ctatoe* and or.lotiti. £9 <** ulmcn. 4755 lbs -
«>aco, 1C&4 lb? 3 pfcs* me»l». l.T.<7 lbs cheese, !
SD5 fla«ki> qulcksiii-er, 100 bcl'^r tubes, 83 i
pk£s 62 pc-s machinery. l'» bdls wire. 273 bdls !
shocks, 12 ( » pkits paper .10 jjIcrs acid. 12 bales !
eacks. 5 colls rope. 17 rk£» drug* and sundries.
49 cf coal oil., 4311 lbs soda, .".070 Ihr rosin,
10 ; Kg> i«ints and oil*. 577 pes building ma
terial. -'¦•"> I >¦ 13 ekes pipe. 33.424 Ibe blue- <
(rtooe. O078 lbs tallow. 20. pk«s eewtn? ma- i
chin«.
To GuaymaF — 2306 eal* 20 cs wine. 2738
lbs dried fruit. 2«!J lbs cheese. 740 lb« J
raisin*. 220 lbs 19 cs meals, 1040 lbs tea. 23 I
pkgs prepared vrg«tables, 1454 lbs sago. 8 cb j
• mineral water. 71f pkg? paste, 1171 lbs spices,
2-"i3 cs <^nne<3 goods, 177 pkgs fresh fruits.
VJ>> crts i>ctato*s, 5o erts r.nion*. 04 eals 15
o* whlfky. 43 c* mlmon, 7»5 pkgs icrocerie? !
and i>ro\-l«IOM. lO.lOfl ft lumtwr. 1!2 pk»« j
cordage. 6 pkrs machinery. 17& pkgs paints •
and oJJih 13 bales bags, 18 pktrs drugs and !
sunurie*. 9 cyls pas, K» c» fu»o. 114 pkg» tank j
ir-aterisl, C3 bdl* IS liar* iron. 7 pkg* dry
roodF. 25 cs axle grease, 2S1 pkes nails. M5
lbs ro*in. 157 bells shocks. 30 sks coal. 4 pkpa i
acid 1C5? lbs «ol:>hur. 300 bdls Fhln^lf*. 75 !
| tdls 5S net iri^e. 400,077 lbs cement. 15 c« I
iv'yanide of zyylarrivm. 5<J bdls wire, 24 pkgs j
rteel.
To Altata — 986 gals wine, 44 cs Cflime<1 I
goods, 542 !bs spices. 24 pks* r**te, t)9 c?
•whitky. 11 r»kr* groceries and provisions'. COO
It* raisins, 17 c* mineral water, 818 lbs
bread. 250 lbs dried fruit. 1575 lbs malt. 100
bxx candles. .T7 c* fuse. 5 rs bats. 4 carboy*
acid, C&(>0 ft lumber. 48 bales bars. 13 pkK*
paint* and oils. II pkrs drug* and sundries.
270 ikff machinery. 1M r» nails. 2750 lb«
•ulpfcur. 4042 lb« Hj, 1!).2T^> lbs cement. 2S
Mis shinrle*. 25 Mis iron 17 pkgs electrical
fupplles. 23 r>c« pil*. 13 tdls wire, 28 pkrs
t furniture.
To Knwenada— 102 erals 19 cs wine. 0975 lbs
rice. 19.C1S 1b* salt hides, 9 bales Fkln«, 30 er
r'llnersl water. 50 pkr» fresh fruits. 20 cs
liquors, S rk«* growrifs ard provisions, 35
pVts machinery, 'its er whisky, 140 bdls
¦hooks. 12 c» canned eoods, 30 cs mineral
water.
To La P«z— 335 ea!« wine. T.5,600 ft lumber,
T,S cs canned goods. 44 rkgs paste, 611 lbn
f«?o, 36tf lb» dried fruiL 77 crta potatoes, M
r>krs fresh fruit*. 510 lbs cheese, 420 lbs lard.
1 Obbl* flour. 1J* pkes eroeerlen and provisions,
fi cs fr.inersl water. 12 ctls barley. 4 cs am
munition. 59 pes 14 Ml* iron. 14 bdls pipe, 22
p1'"-n i-si'nt* »r><3 oils, «nrt ibe »«oda.-
To Santa nrssl'a— 22«4 lbs buttj** 2139 lbs
rhrree, 3W» !bs ham, 13 on cannea Roods. 541
!h« bread. 7 rfcr* FToeerie* and provisions.
<E5 lb? dried fruit. Wi pkr* f«*h fruit*, 75
rrtr oniony. 150 rrts DotatoMi. 20R0 ft lumb*r.
M&4 Ib> scda. 1C5 pkes paints and oils, 37
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by offlclal authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The hish and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. MARCH 11.
Sun rises 0:27
Sun sets t! : 1 :|
Moon rises 2:56 a. m.
« iTlme ITime ITimel ITlmel
£ I Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
» |L W |H W 1L W| [H W|
11 ! 1*06 2.1| 7:13 5.0 2:f~ 0.5 9:071 f4
12 | 2:05 3.0i 8:13 5.0 2:47 0.3 9:S0 4.«
13 2:E5 2.8 »:03 ' 5.0 3:32 0.4 10:23 4.7
14 13:38 2.5! »:. r /) 5.0)4:06 O.r. ll:r,Oj 4.!>
15 4:17 2.2UO:30| 5.0 4:38 •0.0111:271 5.0
16 4:52 2.0111:09 4.8 5:11 0.8!U:3li 5.0
17 5:20 l.C|n:45J 4.9 5:42 1.2| |
"~N0TE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are jtlven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column g-ives the last tide of the
day except when there are bu. three tides, as
Bom'etlmCB occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precede* the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given' by
the chcrte. The plnne of reference is the mean
of th»- lower low waters.
Etearaer. From. I Due.
San Pedro Grays Harbor IMar. 11
Telluf Oyster Harbor |Mar. 11
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma !Mar. 11
Iaqua San Pe<!ro [Mar.lt
Missouri Hakodate ]Mar. 11
G. Llndauer.. Portland & Astoria. .'.. 'Mar. 11
Centralla Ran Pedro |Mar. 11
Fan Juan New York via Panama. Mar. 11
North Fork... Humboldt Mar. 11
Siberia China & Japan Mar. 11
Valencia Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 11
Wyffield ' Xanairoo Mar. 12
S. Monica [San Pedro |Mar. 12
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. ;Mar. 12
Cltr Pucbla.. Pu»et Sound Port* Mar. 12
Eureka i Hurr.boldt ¦ |Mar. 12
Fpokcne ' Humboldt Mar. 12
K. llarbera. .. San Pedro Mar. 12
Sequoia Wltlapa Harbor Mar. 12
Coo- Bay San Pedro A Way PU. Mar. 13
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Mar. 13
Mackinaw Tacoma 'Mar. 13
Sonoma I Fydney & Way Ports.. iMar. 14
Corcnado. j Grays Harbor IMar. 14
State cf Cal.. San Diepo & Way Pts.|Mar. 13
Oregon j Portland & lAstorla IMar. 15
Pomona I Humboldt Mar. 1.1
Kedondo Portland & Astoria Mar. 15
Colon New York via Panama.lMar. 1«
Umatilla Pu*et Sound Port* (Mar. 17
Nrvburi Greys Harbor ..iMar. 17
Bonita. Newport & Way PortsJMar. 17
Point Arena..; Mendodno & Pt. Arena Mar. 17
Santa Rosa...; San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 17
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului.. Mar. 17
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 18
Anubis ! Seattle IMar. 20
G. XT. Elder..; Portland & Astoria IMar. 20
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom. . . IMar. 21
Pcjiator Puget Sound Ports Mar. 22
Coptic China & Japan |Mar. 22
3Iovcments of jstenmers.
TO ARRIVE
Pan Franrist. U*ht Vessel Xo.. 70 — Cali
fornia: HA*t o. eights and Fog Signals. Pa
cic Coast lOvO page 14. No. 27: List of Bea
cons and Buoyi Pacific Coast. 1903, page 19.)
Stationed about' o l ,« miles outside of the bar
off the entrance to San Francisco, harbor,
about 10% miles S\V. %' W. from Fort Point
Lighthouse, and about 600 feet to the north
ward of the range line marked by Fort Point
light and Alcatraz light.
Notice is> hrrety given that this vessel
iarted her moortnurs this morning and Is now
eleaming into the harbor. She will be re
r.laced at the earliest date practicable, when
due notice will be Riven.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
\V. P DAY. Commander. D. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Notice to Mnriners.
pkrs furniture, & bales wa*t<?. 221 pkgs
ehooks, 9 pks-s dry goods. 25 bx» candles.
There are figures of more than 100
war horses and Indians in gaudy war
bonnets on this blanket, and the shapes
are really good, considering that the
Indian artist never saw such a thing as
an artist's "stretcher," but merely hung
his cotton "canvas" on the tall sage
brush and the sides Of his wickiup.
It took him a year to complete the
picture, and he presented it to Colonel
Redington when the latter attended a
powwow and war dance of .the Ban
nacks at the Fort Hall agency a few
years ago. The red man had not forgot
ten that the white boy used to divide
"hardtack" with him in the hungry
days at the front, when supplies had j
run out and food was very scarce.
In the war with Chief Joseph's Nez
Perces in 1877, during which that part
of the regular army stationed in the
Department of the Columbia pursued j
the hostiles for more than J500 miles j
over the roughest parts of North Amer-
Icai Colonel Redington served as a
,scout under Captain Fletcher, who was i
then in the regular army on General
Howard's staff. Among the scouts was
a party of wild Bannack Indians under
Buffalo Horn, who came out to help
the whites clean up their red brethren
of the Nez Perce tribe. These same
Bannacks went on the warpath against
the whites the next year and raided all
over Idaho and Eastern Oregon.,-
The war blanket is really historic. It
represents a skirmish that actually
happened in the wild Yellowstone coun
try during the Nez Perce war, when
the Bannacks tried -to set the Nez
Perces afoot, but instead of stealing
the enemy's horses they lost most of
their own.
As an art center San Francisco at- j
tracts some of the best work of some"!
of the best artists of all nations. And i
now, as a variation, it has acquired a j
painting by the wildest kind ot a wild i
Indian — a pioneer member of the war- j
ring Bannack tribe of Idaho, now j
named Oid-Man-Who-Walks-On-Hls- ]
Feet. He has accumulated that name j
on account of having become so crip- j
pled that he cannot sit a horse any !
more. Having been shot all to pieces in j
campaigns against both white and red !
men, and not being able to engage in j
any more horse stealing raids, he has j
now taken up art. !
His creation Is a large war blanket !
which he painted on common cotton
cloth, his colors being made with In- {
dian dyes, berry juices and the vermil- j
lion with which Indians paint their J
faces. This war blanket has been lent !
to Captain R. H. Fletcher, curator of
the Mark Hopkins Art Institute, in or- .
der that local artists may have an op- j
portunlty to examine and comment on
it, for it is an artistic curio. It was
brought to town by Colonel J. W. Red- I
ington of Tacoma, its owner, who has
refused all sorts of offers for it and
would not swap it for the finest canvas
on any wall in the country.
Colonel J. W. Reriington Lends Paint
ing by Bnnnack Warrior to Hop
kins Institute.
AUTISTIC AND HISTORIC
CREATION BY A REDSKIN
An order directing the Union Trust
Company, as executor of the will of
the late C. S. Doe, to refrain from pay
ing Mellin L. Doe the sums devised to
him in the will of C. L. Doe, was made
yesterday on petition of the creditors
of Mellin L. Doe. He recently be
came bankrupt and the creditors
claim that his legacy should be paid
into the hands of his assignee.
Mcilin Doe's Creditors Act.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British waling Echcorer Ca?co was
tjpdkmt outside rbe h»-ad» March a by the tug
JtPliff and reix>rt»<i having on board 2^0 seal
skin*. Th* Ca«co i5 one of th«» b*>st known of
th^ Ff-alire fl-rt. ?=;-.• t»? otic»- ni< re noted as
& yacht, and once carried Robert Louis ctcven-
f r n to hie Sainocn home.
The overdue British ship Claverdon, on
¦which 10 per oer.t re'nrurancp was ; •¦ i ;. ar
rived rerterdajr at Port Pirie from Tort
Tiiwimh nil Tl.* Krtlfhorn is quotivi at 10 p«r
o*-:u. th» \V. F. lialv.yyk at 15 r er cent and the
Zvjjgyr at 65 c*r c»at.
«
<-.ij-o<> Has Good Catch.
Claverdon Is Safe.
Henry Heyman. the well known
violin teacher, who ha» -been danger
ously ill for the last ten days, is in a
convalescent state. His physician has
hopes of his complete . recovery soon,
although at present he la in a very
weak condition. Mr. Heyman'a ill
ness was due to blood poisoning
caused by the paring of a corn.. There
has been much alarm among his many
friends, but the last report of the phy
sician is so reassuring that they are
now all hopeful of the outcome.
Henry Heyman Is Convalescing.
The Street Committee referred the |
petition of the Outdoor League that
action be taken to cause the removal of I
all telegraph and telephone poles with- j
in the limits prescribed for. under- {
ground conduits to the Department of I
Electricity for investigation. The de- j
partment is to make a report as to |
whether the poles can be removed at !
this time.
Mrs. Emma Merritt, executrix of the j
Sutro estate, and her attorney, E. W. ;
McKinstry. objected to the proposed ¦
change of grades on .J street west of f
Fifth avenue, as recommended by the j
Board of Public Works. The protestants i
stated that the change would be detri- J
mental to their property interests, and
the committee postponed action for one
week to see If some amicable under
standing can be arrived at by the prop
erty owners.
The committee decided to make a
personal investigation of the petition
of the Raymond Granite Company ttf
construct a spur track In the Potrero, i
and recommended that Clay street, be- \
tween Franklin and Gough, be fully ac
cepted. A personal investigation will
also be made of the petition of the
Haslett Company to maintain a spur j
track on Second and Townsend streets.
The Supervisors" Street Committee
yesterday referred to the Board of Pub- |
lie Works the petition of the Market j
Street Company and other property
owners for the widening of the roadway
of Fourth street from Market to Chan- }
nel by reducing the sidewalk widths
four feet on each side.
The City Engineer will be directed to
prepare plans, specifications and an es
timate of cost of the proposed improve
ment, for which provision will in all
likelihood be made in the next munici- j
pal budget.
The members of the committee — Su
pervisors Rock, Connor and Brafinhart
— expressed themselves In favor of the
proposed widening, as it would relieve '
the congested teaming traffic on the j
thoroughfare and result In less interfer- j
ence with the progress of the street j
cars, as In the case of the widening of >
Third street. i
Acting under instructions from the
United States Attorney General, United
States District Attorney Woodworth
took the preliminary steps yesterday
to appeal to the United States Supreme
Court the habeas corpus case of Lee
Wing: Chung and have the question
decided whether the action of the Com
missioner of Immigration in denying
a landing to a Chinaman claiming to
be a native American is final, or
whether it is reviewable on habeas
corpus by the Federal courts.
United States Court Commissioner
Heacock filed his report yesterday with
United States District Judge de Haven
to the effect that the evidence had con
vinced him that Lee Wing Chung was
a native American and was entitled
to be landed, notwithstanding the ad
verse action of the Commissioner of
Immigration. Duncan E. McKinlay, on
behalf of the Government, filed a de
murrer to the report of the Commis
sioner and cited the decisions of Judge
Ray of New York and Judge^ Wheeler
of Vermont to the effect that the ac
tion of the Commisslo'ner of Immigra
tion in, such cases is final and not re
viewable.
Judge de Haven took the demurrer
under advisement. He has already held
in another case, and the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit has held likewise, that a native
American desiring to return to his
country from a foreign land and being
prevented from doing so without due
process of law and on that ground ap
plying to a United States court for a
writ of habeas corpus is entitled to
have a judicial determination of the
facts, and no act of Congress can be
understood as a bar ta such judicial
determination. t
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
has also rendered a similar decision.
Judge Cook then ordered the County
Clerk to appear at the afternoon ses
sion with the general jury box, as his
venire at present contains but thirty
two names and there is no possibility
of securing a trial jury in this case
from such a small list. One hundred
men were selected and will be notified
to appear to-morrow morning, when
those who wish to be excused will have
an opportunity to be heard. The ac
tual work of selecting jurors will be
gin at 10 o'clock Monday morning and
will probably occupy the greater por
tion of the week.
The case was set for 10 o'clock yes
terday morning, but Judge, attorneys
and witnesses waited until 11 (/'clock
before the accused woman was ush
ered Into the courtroom. Her entry
was not like that of a condemned crim
inal about to make a last stand for
liberty, but, neatly dressed in a close
fitting suit of black, with a bunch of
violets pinned to her boscrm, she swept
through the courtroom and took a seat'
by her attorney, as miladi coming into
church with a new gown during the
middle of the sermon goes to her pew.
Once seated, however, she became rest
less and her eyes wandered furtively
from time to time toward the District
Attorney's desk and then at the motley
throng of curious sightseers who filled
the courtroom.
As there are but thirty-two jurors
on the present panel it was deemed
advisable to augment the list, both
sides being satisfied that it would, be
impossible to select twelve men from
such a small list. District Attorney
Byington suggested that the Sheriff
summon a number of men suitable for
jury duty, but to this Attorney Knight,
far the defense, vigorously objected,
stating that he had had experience with
such talesmen and found they were
"too suitable."
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin, once convicted
of killing Mrs. John P. Dunning, by
sending a box of poisoned candy
through the mails, appeared in Judge
Carroll Cook's court yesterday morning
for a retrial of the case. During thn
four years of her imprisonment in the
Branch County Jail Mrs. Botkin has
not wasted away. On the contrary,
her form, which never could have been
described as sylph-like, has increased
in bulk.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, March 10. -
After drawing $250 from the bank to
Invest In a half interest in the Occi
dental Hotel bus line, R. A. Keane.
residing at 272 Fourth street, disap
peared last Tuesday, and to-day his
wife reported the matter to the police,
requesting that they try to locate her
missing husband. Mrs. Keane says
that the missing man left home Tues
day to go to San Francisco to close
the deal with the owner of the Occi
dental Hotel buses, taking with him
the $250 to pay for a half interest in
the business. He has not been seen
since and his wife fears that he has
been robbed and perhaps Xilled. Mrs.
Keane is certain that if her husband
had not met with foul play he would
have returned home before this,' as he
told her he wcruld be home on the even-
Ing of the day he went to San Fran
cisco, v
Lee Wing Chung's Case to
Go Before Supreme Court
for Final Determination
Accused Woman Shows De
cided Increase of Avoirdu
pois, but No Emotion
Starts for San Francisco to
Invest His Money, $250, in
'Bus Line and Disappears
Tropic Bird's Captain Dies.
Captain Ja<*ksc&, ccremender of the barken
lirie Tmti- Bird. Hf4 at- Tahiti February 10.
y<-«s cf hi* death wa* broucht by the stoam
(Mp Kari;--*a. Captain Jack*on has be«>n I
trwr'.ir^: b»t»fen here and th«> S^uth Seas :or
Jreny years and w«s w«Il known in the looal '
; The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Mariposa. Captain James Rennie,
arrived yesterday from Tahiti. "Wlth
<*ut a pilot and accompanied by blind
ing rain pqualls. Captain Rennie
broupht his vessel in from sea safely
ecroFs the -wind stirred bar to an an
chorage in the quarantine grounds.
The Mariposa experienced fine weath
er, most of the way from the South
Beas. but on Wednesday night about
S o'clock a howling southeaster caught
tip v.ith her and kept the liner drip
ping sail water and dancing like a
Cork urtil the shelter of the harbor
was reached. The wind blew with hur
ricane force. The liner was slowed
down, but with her engines almost
etepped the gaie sent her along at a
ter.-knot pait. The lightship was miss
ing from her station and not a sign
a pilot boat was to be seen o;n the
badly breaking bar.
. Captain Rennie went on the bridge
vhen the gale broke loose and re
tr.ained on duty until his vessel was
cr.ug:ly moored alongside Pacific-street
whaxf. The getting alongside was ren
dered difficult by a. swift running tide.
The Mariposa'e cargo was made up
ef tropical products and included 83,678
tccoanuts, SG7 sacks of copra, 316 cases
Cf fruit and S4 cases of vanilla.
Among the passengers whef arrived
pn the liner were: J. A. Rasmussen,
k. McDor^ald, Miss B. Smith, J. W.
Slenry and wife and J. S. Dilllngham.
fhe was 12 days 2 hours 29 minutes
fcoming from Tahiti.
Steamship Brings a Cargo
" of Tropical Products
• From the South Sea Isle
Outdoor League's Petition
Is Referred to Department
of Electricity for Report
DEPENDANT. IN COURT
POLICE MAKING SEARCH
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that Miller & Lux were entitled to
recover $1931 from Kern County for
reclaiming swamp lands. The Treas
urer of the county contested the suit
on the- ground that action was barred
by the statute of limitations. Denton
Utter and Edith Hall won their ap
peal from a Superior Court judgment
ordering a partial distribution of the
estate of N, D. Thayer. M. J. Lay
mance, as successor to Mary E. Fleck,
was the losing contestant.
Supreme Court Kmls Disputes.
Like most men of his profession Vic
tor Sleler," barber, of 330 Main street, is
not averse; to hearing himself talk.rlh
deed, so addicted Is he to ventilating
his vnico that hf> Vinirie oftnvarsa with
• . ¦ • , . •
Jennie Rosky, who was caught In the
act of preparing to jump into the bay,
informed Judge Mogan that she could
not remember exactly the number of
previous offenses for which she had
been sentenced by him. She could
swear it was not Ices than twenty-five,
but would not make oath it was less
than fifty. Of one thing she had no
doubt, however, and that' was her
mental condition when she • sought a
watery grave. She had been drinking
beer.
"It seems to me," Jennie," said the
court, "that in your case the small in
stallments plan pf imprisonment is a
proven failure, for you b'j up here as
regularly a* you are released, taking
up much of my valuable time and sub
jecting yourself to the annoyance of
being lectured. So, ; for our mutual
benefit, I think it would be better, to
give you a good long term instead of
chopping your Incarceration Into un
even sections. ,How would six months
suit you?" V'jr-Xv- ¦
"Just as you p'lease. Judge," was Jen
nie's magnanimous concession.
"Well, six months it is."
"Thank you, Judge," said Jennie,
gratefully.
"Pray don't mention it— ta, ta, for
half a vear."" . . ,
Several witnesses informed Judge
Cabaniss that John Trapy drunk 13
hardly tojbe identified as John Tracy
sober, so grievously does alcoholic stim
ulation metamorphose the man's nat
urally lovable character. This testi
mony was adduced in extenuation of
the ferocity with which John Tracy had
attacked Policemen Ryan and Tata
when they attempted to arrest' him for
driving at illegal speed a horse and
wagon which "belonged to him. So vic
iously did the Inebriated teamster as
sail his captors that one of them was
obliged to smash his wrist with a club
ere he could be subduedL In view of
the good character given John Tracy
sober the ' court . continued the case
thirty days to see if he can abstain
during that period from imbibing the
liquor that maddens.
Jane Dillon and William -A. Gran
field yesterday had their second in
ningr within a month before Judge Ca
baniss. On their flrst ; appearance,
abount a month ago, the man was de
fendant and the woman complainant,
but yesterday the conditions were re
versed and she stood charged with dis
turbing the peace.
The parties live in the 100 block of
Fremont street, and when Mr. Gran
field was arrested for assaulting Mrs.
Dillon, she alleged that he had slapped
her face after he had subjected her
to oral ab'use. In his defense, Mr.
Granfield stated that Mrs. Dillon had
publicly said unkind things about his
treatment of Mrs. Granfield; that
when he went to ask for an explana
tion he .met her carrying home the
family "growler," and that instead of
expressing: contrition for what she had
said about him, she repeated the in
dictment and added a few counts to
it. As there appeared to have been
provocation- for the assault, and as
Mrs. Dillon had not been seriously in
jured, the court dismissed the com
plaint and advised the parties to inter
tfVe hatchet.
Prom the narrative unfolded by Mr.
Granfield yesterday, in substantiation
of his charge, it would seem that in
stead of. obeying the judicial injunc
tion, Mrs. Dillon inaugurated a.cru
sade of persecution against him that
made his life a burden. She had gone
to his employers, he stated, .'and in
formed them, that he was, to put it
mildly, a domestic tyrant, and in other
ways she had systematically i en
deavored to "knock" his reputation.
As the defendant was not entirely
prepared to refute these accusations,
the case was continued at her request.
"We cannot have this court trifled
with by these people," said the Judge,
sternly surveying the bevy of
negresses, "and we cannot have police
effort discouraged by dismissing the
complaint against this defendant, of
whose guiltr^hs charged, there is no
question. We will see if a way can
not be found to give justice her due
in this case, despite the failure of the
complaining ""witness to prosecute."
As the disappointed Mr. Jackson
was returned to durance, Miss La
more wept and the oth»r. ladies shot
sympathetic glances, at him.
All this was adduced in the face of
Policeman ' F. H. Flynn's statement
that he had been told by Miss Lamore
of Ihe assault and the other witnesses
had assured him that Jackson had
smashed the vase— fragments pro
duced in evidence — upon her cranium.
Prosecuting Attorney Harris despair
ingly " told the bench that there had
evidently been a settlement of the
dase out of court, but Judge Fritz
abruptly dispelled the grin of hope
that was supplanting Mr. Jackson's
scowl by ordering a continuance until
to-morrow.
and as Mr. Jackaon sat in the court of
Frite yesterday morning he certainly
looked as if the couplet .fitted him.
He was very black of face and very
burly, of figure, and his attire was
positively noisy. With a steady scowl
he 'watched a dark cloud of feminine
witnesses swear that to the best of
their knowledge and belief he had al
ways dwelt In amity with his "gal,"
Blanche Lamore, and that he did not
smash a heavy glass vase by smiting
her on the head with k. Miss La
more herself, after a shrinking glance
at Thomas, falteringly^ stated that she
" 'membered nuthin' whatsoever 'bout
it, kase both she an' Mlstah Jackson
had bin a-drinkln' togither."
In the most exclusive circle of North
End colored Bociety it Is whispered
that Thomas JackBon was In the
mind's eye of Poet Irving Jonea when
he sang,
I know a coon named George Goodheahh.
A coon eo bad that he's scared of hiMelf.
Dr.' Arthur B. Nelson's connection
with the case of Synoplis against Ge
rino, in Judge Cabaniss" court last
Wednesday, was merely that of, a wit
ness-for the defense. Dr. Gerino was
accused of having stolen a vial of gout
remedy from SynopliB, and Dr. Nelson
testified that Dr. Gerino had paid $1
for the specific. The case was dis
missed. . ; .
* • •
Louis Whltehead, an 18-year-old lad,
was held by Judge Fritz to answer in
the Superior Court for burglary, with
ball fixed at 51000. The complaining
witness is Mrs. -H. L. Detjen, whose
residence at 706 Fell street iwas entered
through a rear window and plundered
There was no paucity of witnesses in
the case of Henry von Arx, accused of
having failed to return a $50 suit of
clothes he had taken from J. L,. Cun
ningham on January 26 for the avowed
purpose .of having the ¦ garments
cleaned. Von Arx was employed by a
clothing renovatbry at the time, and
several inmates of the house in which
Cunningham dwelt testified that . the
clothes had been taken away, as stated
In the complaint, while other witnesses
as positively contributed to the alibi
that was set up by the defense. As the
preponderance of testimony was with
the defendant . the court gave him the
benefit of the reasonable doubt of his
guilt that was established. .
An Impassioned plea by Attorney
Mack failed to persuade Judge Fritz to
grant a continuance in the case of J. S.
Reed, a young fellow accused of obtain
ing money by false pretense, the com
plainants being Whittler, Fuller & Co.
The attorney declared he had witnesses
in reserve and desired time to produce
them, but the court thought ample time
had already been afforded for that pur
pope. . *
"Then we. ask for sentence now," said
the attorney.
. "Sixty days In the County Jail," said
the Judge. . .
Judge Fritz continued the case of R.
H. Hoag, accused of felony embezzle
ment, specific charge being that he
appropriated to his own use a gold
watch, chain and charm belonging to
M. Aronsohn of 620 Market street.
Angelo Debenchenzi, teamster, hurled
unintelligible profanity at his obstinat*
horse while he cruelly belabored the
animal with a heavy whip, and for
disturbing the peace he was fined $10
by Judge Mogan.
It developed that the enmity between
the Kaflishes and the McEacherns had
been in active eruption since about a
year ago,_when the head of the latter
family was accused of having attempt
ed to assault the Kaflish girl. He was
held to the Superior Court, where a
jury acquitted him, and on the stand
yesterday he swore that ever since his
acquittal the Kaflishes have flung in
sult and rocks at him whenever he
ventured abroad. On the other hand,
the Kaflishes swore that the c efendant
seldom missed opportunity to address
offensive remarks to and utter threats
against Miss Kaflish, and it was for
the purpose of having him silenced
that they caused his arrcat.
The jury took Into consideration the
evidence, the attorneys' fervid argu
ments and the Judge's charge, and in
half an hour reported Inability to agfee
and was discharged.
Prospect avenue, between Lizzie and
Eugene streets, was depopulated yes
terday mornins while Judge Mogan
and a jury were hearing the peace dis
turbance case of Mrs. Kaflish and her
15-year-old daughter. Pearl, against
Duncan McEachern. The courtroom
was crowded wit!i neighbors of the
contending parties, some as witnesses
and the majority as spectators. It was
a bitterly fought squabble. Each side
had a special attorney and each wit
nees was examined and cross-exam
ined as sharply as if the fate of an em
pire depended upon his or her testi
mony.
* • •
Twelve women from Belden placs
were accused before Judge Mogan of
being inmates of disorderly houses.
Eight of then pleaded guilty and the
remaining four declined to plead.
It was to secure evidence 4hat the
houses from which the women were
taken are of disorderly character that
the arrests were 'made and the pris
oners advised to plead guilty. The
testimony thus obtained is reserved
for the Superior Court, where effort Is
being made to prove that the houses
in Belden place are rented for immoral
purposes.
When the police heard the barber's
story they arrested Miss Parker and
Miss Grant for vagrancy and inci
dentally took Mr. Allen in and booked
him for selling llquor«Hvithout a license.
The cases will be heard more fully
when the police have obtained evldenc;
sufficient to fasten the robbery upon
the ladies.
himself when he' can get nobody els?
to listen. ' It was this penchant for
vocal exercise that brought him into
trouble In the lodging-house at 106
Taylor street, where he had engaged a
room Wednesday night. _ Tiring of so
liloquy and finding himself unable to
slumber, Mr. Sleler yearned for hear
ers. They Joined him In the persons of
MIbb Etta Parker and Miss Eva Grant,
dwellers in the house, and while he .lay
abed and regaled them with his vQice
they ordered beer at his expense. The
liquid was supplied by William Allen,
the landlord, who is alleged to have
shared with the ladies the charm of Mr.
Sleler's recital, as well as the beer.
Mr* Sleler is not exactly clear as to
how the theft was operated, but he In
formed Judge Mogan yesterday that in
some way, he was deprived ' of $20 by
his visitors.
COURTS WITHOUT POWER
FINDS XO PILOT OX BAR
WANTS POLES REMOVED
Court Orders That Examina
tion of Jurors to R«try Cele
brated Case Begin Monday
Supervisors' Committee Is
in Favor of the Proposed
Widening Of Fourth Street
Wife of R. A. Keane Thinks
That He Has Been Robbed
and Possibly Murdered
He Insists That the Action
of the Immigrant Bureau
May Not Be Reviewed
Mariposa Comes in From
Tahiti Chased Home by a
Rollicking Southeaster
GALE DRIVES
LINER TO PORT
After Contributing Testimony Sufficient to Have
Him Arrested, They Swear in Court That They
Do Not Know Anything of Charge Against Him
M'KINLAY WILL
TAKE APPEAL
BOTKIN TRIAL
IS POSTPONED
FEARS HUSMND
MAY BE DEAD
CITY ENGINEER
TO STATE COST
DUSKY FEMININE ADMIRERS TRY
TO LIBERATE A WOMAN BEATER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 11. 1904.
San, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
15
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H Brand m
\ H Evaporated S
H Cream JM
HI Is of uniform quality at all Eg
P|! seasons.'always pure, heavy j||J
e|| in consistence, of delicious j||
H§ flavor and appetizing ap- H|
I|a Ask for the brand with M"|
Bathe "Helvetia" cap label. Btl
|jgl Made by the largest pro- fc"jj;|
Jra| ducers of Evaporated |||k
M5J8§ Cream in the world.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
r* > v Steamers leave Broadway
>5>JA il -<E2v wharves. Piers 0 and 11,
nfiL Vi<\ San Francisco.
Aa/^5Sg&» \-A\ For Ketchtkan. Wran**l.
I I vBLS^3\ I I Jun=au. Haln<-s. Skafvay,
I \ \ VSfcrfCA ' / * tc -. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Mar.
V*\ Y\ }gf 1. 6. 11. 16, 21, 20, 31. Apr.
ViK<y 5. Chance to company* •
steamer* at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. 1^1-
Ilnsham — 11 a. m.. Mar. 1. 6. 11, 16. 21. 2«. St*
Apr. 5. Chang* at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ky. ; at Vancouver to C
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Mar. 5. 11, 17, 2:1. 2S». Apr. 4. Spokane.
1:30 p. m.. Mar. 2. 8. 14. 20. 20. Apr. 1. !
For Los Anrele* (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondc). San Diego and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Rosa. ' Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obtspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 0 a. m.. Mar. 8, 1«. 24. Apr. X. »
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Mar. 12. 20. 2S. Apr. 3.
For Ensenada. Magdalen* Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. G-uayrna.i (Mez.). 10 a. m.. 7th eacfe
month. For further. Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
date*, v
TICJCXT OTTXCES— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market st,
C JX DtTNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 2O Sutter St.. w'.n
cat! for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
O. R. & N. CO.
OREGON sails March IS. 28. "April T. 17. 27.
May t and 17. GEO. W. ELDER sails March
1.1. 23. Auril 2. 12. 22. May 2 and 12. .Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. OK., and short
rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points. Steamer
ticket* include berth and meals. Steamer salts
foot of Swar »t. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH,
Gen. Art Pass. Dept.. 1 Mongomerr st. ; . C.
CLIFFORD. Oen. Agent Freight Dept.. 3
Montgomery »t.
S.8. ALAMEDA. (or Honolulu, Mch. 12. 11 a.m.
S. 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Mch. IS. 11 a-m.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thur.. March 24. 2 p, m.
AJ.tf!£HR3* E3aS.CS, l a H..TiOc:gn!st,l<3I s .tiR|
. M^tt8te.UltrMSL.Arl«.7.ridlkSt
., — .
C0XPAG5I1 eiVIBALZ TEiHJATLASTKJSS. .
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^__
Salllngr every Thursday Instead of. -wCtffi'L
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ¦¦**M!U.-'
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Harpe. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AN*>
CANADA, 33 Broadway (Hudson, building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI £ CO.. Piciflc Coajt
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets toid by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
M»r« IaUnd, and Vallejo 3t— jnerw. ¦ _
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE~or MONTICELLO—
0:43 a. m.. 3:13 and 9:3O p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a, m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Suu-
d»y, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 60 centa, Tel.
Main 1308. Pier 2. Misslon-st. dock. BATCH
omul.The Tahoe Club, at 104 ' O'Farrell
street, was raided by the police last
night, and the proprietor, A. Fran
zini, and . flfty-flve players were ar
rested.' They were released on bail. 5
Poliee Arrest Gamblers.
The body of Hans Christensen.
a peddler,' 'aged 45 years. was
found yesterday hanging to a
bedpost In his room at 219 Tenth
street. Christensen had be£n missing
since Monday last. His body was dis
covered by N. - Larsen, another ped
dler, employed by the deceased.-
Hangs Himself to Bedpost.
Log Cabin! "The bread with a flavor." Art
your dealer— wholcKiU — SCO Dolores it. •
James M. Hammack and Edward
J. Winkler were, arrested in a door
way on Kearny street late last night
by Officer Jack O'Connor. They are
suspected of trying ,to burglarize the
place.
Alleged Barglars Caught.
"The Power of the Cartoon," most
aptly illustrated by pen and speech,
was the subject of a lecture by the fa
mous cartoonist. Homer Davenport, at
Lyric Hall last night. With anecdote
and portrait of the many famous sub
jects of his skill, Mr. Davenport
whiled away a most entertaining two
hours. Admiral Dewey, William Glad
stone,* Mark Hanna and Sam Rainey
were among Mr. Davenport's portrait
gallery, each sketched with laughable
life-likenesses, three or four times life
size, and in a period of not longer
than three minutes. The artist's sto
ries, delivered in a droll drawl, and
most quaintly told, are all good, those
about bird-life, in which he is deeply
interested, being full of a charming
pathos and humor. There will be an
other lecture to-morrow afternoon at
Lyric Hall, and it can be warmly rec
ommended to every class of hearers.
Homer Davenport Lectures.
Any one who can prove that Pattosien
Co.. corner Sixteenth and Mission
streets, belongs to the furniture and
carpet combine can get $5000.00. It re
quires $600 to' belong to the combine.
Pattosien never put up that money. This
is the reason why the prices can be, and
are, bo much lower than elsewhere. •
$5000 Reward.
A Mi-Careme ball,, as every, one
knows, Is a function that: parts Lent
in ' the middle. > With the^ Mardi , Gras
to . start off. with 'and Easter; at * the
other end the Mi-Careme : is a life raft
by which those of. the swim manage j to
reach shore at Easter.' And It's usually
a pretty thoroughly raft,
with .more or less— usually, less— water
aboard and about and a more'br .Ies3— \
usually'-, more— gay _' ; crew 'of f mariners.
And the Ml-Careme at Burlingame, last
night; was, not 'a notable' exception.
With Mrs. Francis J. Carolan and Mrs.
• ;•,"¦ . • ¦ •
One of the most delightful of the
Mi-Careme functions was the luncheon
given yesterday afternoon by , Mrs.
Charles Goodall at her home on, McAl
lister street and at which the guests of
honor were Miss Agnes Murphy -and
Miss Aimee Moord'of London and Mrs.
Colcleugh of Canada. The guests were
received in the lower drawing-room. It
was gay with a profusion of, violets
effectively massed In every nook and
cranny. In the dining-room were num
bers of fairy lamps, crimson candles
burned in silver sticks and ¦ the table
itself was . strapped with narrow satin
bands. Between these stood crystal
stands filled with slender v daffodils,
these lovely messengers of spring being
repeated^ on the specially designed
guest cards of perfumed orange, wood.
Smart toasts were offered by Mrs. C. H.
Evans and Mrs. Henry Payot, and by
Miss Agnes .Murphy, who responded
cleverly on 5 behalf of Mrs. Colcleugh,
Miss Moore and herself— and right clev
er raconteurs | the .speakers . proved
themselves. Later there were recita
tions by. Miss Almee Moore and Miss
Schroth. Other guests were Mrs. Heb
bard, Mrs. 'Thomas Kirkpatrick, Mrs.
Levin T. Jones, Mrs. Frederick Munzer,
Mrs. John ( Sabin, Mrs. D. L. Farns
worth, • Mrs. C. H. Evans, Miss Lottie
Farnsworth, Mrs. Van , Duzer, Mrs.
Homer Fritch, Mrs. Litchfleld, Mrs,
Frederick Fredericks, Mrs. . Henry
Payot and her daughter, Mrs. Russell,
Mrs. Young, Miss M. A. Schroth, Mrs.'
E. Partridge,. Mrs. " Hazelhurst, Mrs.
Ernest Simpson, Mrs. J. • W. Storror,
Mrs. Byron Mauzy and Mrs. Harring
ton.
By Sally Sharp.
MRS. GOOD ALL
HOSTESS AT A
LUNCHEON
The funeral services of the late
George Washington Dixon were sol
emnized at hi3 late home'. 112 Devisa
dero street, yesterday afternoon, the
Rev. Dr. Dille officiating.
The services of. the Odd Fellows
were read by officers of the lodge the
deceased had belonged to, after which
Alexander Haye spoke a few words of
the high esteem in which he had al
ways held his departed comrade. The
veteran Odd Fellows were represented
by W. H. Barnes. Dr. Mark Newman,
Dr. Roche and W. F. Hasty.
The pall bearers -were E. Gunz
berger, E. H. Prentice, G. Gunzendor
fer, W. F. Hasty, C. L. Hinkle, Alex
ander Haye, W. H. Barnes and Dr.
Newman.
The remains were removed to Grass
Valley, the former home of the de
ceased, where the interment will take
place.
Impressive Services of the Odd Fel
lows Are Read by Officers of
the Society.
FRIEXDS PAY LAST TitlBUTE
TO MEMORY OF G. \V. DIXON*
Air famine is the common cause of
pneumonia. '__
Auxiliary, will take place at 10:30
o'clock Saturday morning, "Comedy of
Errors" and readings from Browning
to make up the programme.
The Darrach Shakespearean recital,
under the auspices of the Channlng
'Andrew McCreery as captains of the
affair it is safe to assume that their
hundred and twenty \ guests will sur
.viye during the remaining period, when
they- may throw off the heavy yoke of
suppression and gambol as they will
unhampered by restrictions.
The clubhouse was attractively dec
orated with . posters of various sizes
and with greens, palms and red lan
terns—the latte*r iipon the porch.
.The guests began to arrive. at 10, the
cotillon was danced at 12, Mr. Carolan
and Miss Cora Kirk of Chicago leading,
and sunper was served at 1:30 a. m
Those who had not the good fortune :c
possess friendly hospices at Blingum
took the all-too-plebeian electric, cars
homeward, arriving in this city as the
darkness was giving place to light.
Those who enjoyed the delightful
hospitality of the Carolans and Mc-
Creerys wore Mr. and Mrs. Peter D.
Martin, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Martin,
Mr. and Mrs. Mountford Wilson, Mr.
and Mrs. William G. Irwin. Mr. arid
Mrs. Fred McNear, Mr. and Mrs. Ru
dolph Spreckels, Miss Frances How
ard, Mr/ and Mrs. Harry Williams
Poett, Miss Emily Carolan, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Raoul Du Val. Misg Vir
ginia Jolliffe, Mrs. Russell Wilson, Miss
Emily Wilson, Miss Cora Kirk of Chi
cago, v Mr. and Mrs. Walter McCreery,
Lawrence McCreery, Dr. Herbert Caro
lan." Mr. and Mrs. Walter Hobart, Mr.
and Mrs. Alexander Lilley, Mr. and
Mrs. Will Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Eugene
Murphy, James D. Phelan, John Law
son, Miss Cora Smedburg, Thomas
Driscoll and many others.
distributed. There are in the flies the names
of K8.072 people who are at. present Interested
In California, and with whom the committee
Is In correspondence. . • . •
The dinner at the St. Francis Hotel hab
been postponed owing'to the delay In finishing
the hotel. The dinner will probably take place
the latter part of April.
Articles from the committee setting forth
the advantages of California are in constant
demand by Eastern publications. The- New
York World will Issue a special . California
number March 20. containing
from California's leading writer* dealing with
the State's advantages. Other Eastern pub
lication* .are planning California numbers. Cor
dially yours, RUFUS P. JENNINGS,
Executive Officer.
A poorly dressed man, the initials of
whose name may be "J. ' R. M.," died
some time between 11 o'clock last Tues
day night and 1:45 p. m. yesterday by
inhaling illuminating gas in his room
at 121 Powell street. At the former hour
he paid 50 cents for a room and retired
at once. He was discovered dead In
bed the next afternoon, two gas burn
ers open and the keyhole of the door
stuffed with paper. On the inner band
of his hat were the initials "J. R. M.,"
and that was all that was found that
would afford the slightest clew to his
identity.
The deceased was 35 or 40 years of
age, five feet seven inches tall, of light
complexion . and had blue eyes, brown
hair and mustache and thin features.
His nose was large and both sets of
upper and lower teeth were false.
The clothing consisted of a black sack
suit, black derby hat and pants of blue
and black mixed goods.
Body Is Poorly Dressed, and on His
Hat Band Are the . Initials
"J. R. M."
UXIDEXTIFIED MAX KILLS
HIMSELF WITH GAS
William Barrett, a newsboy, residing
at 256 Perry street, was struck by a
car at the Junction of Powell and Mar
ket streets yesterday. -He was taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital,
¦where It was found his left shoulder
blade was broken.
Boy Struck by a Car.
The correspondence of the committee shows
a decided increase In February over previous
months: 1960 letters were received and 4311!
sent out; 84,848 pieces of literature were, dis
tributed. In the eighteen months that the
committee has been in active operation 41,479
letters have been received, .83,209" letters have
been sent out and 672,187 pieces of literature
It is gratifying to note that the. committee
Is *in receipt of large numbers of letters from
people who have come to the State and ex
press themselves as thoroughly satisfied with
their surroundings. These people prove the
best advertisers that California can have and
are the means of bringing their friends here
also.
The California Promotion Committee — Gen
tlemen: Althouch colonists' rates do not take
effect until March 1 there Is a noticeable com
ing of colonists and settltrs who are purchas
ing homes in California. There has also been
a marked ¦ increase In the number of large in
vestorB. The development ot irrigation projects
enables the new-comer to secure tracts on
reasonable terms. One of the most notable
and recent instances of actual success is the
development of the Turlock and the Modesto
Irrigation districts, which obtain their water
from the big La Grange dam. These districts
were carried out along the provisions of the
Wright law to absolute and final- success,
bringing 2C0.00O acres of land under the pos
sibility of cultivation. This, together with the
breaking up of big ranches, makes two moet
important factors in the settling up of the In
terior.
The committee has already had two
excursions, one through the Sacra
mento Valley and one through the San
Joaquin. These excursions have con
tributed greatly to the work of the
committee, and at all points stopped at
the usual California hospitality has
been enjoyed, and many cities are mak
ing preparations to entertain the vis
itors in an elaborate manner.
The report of the executive officer for
February was submitted, . giving in
brief some of the activities of the State.
The report was in part as follows:
SAN FRAXCISCO, Feb. 20. 19O4.
The regular monthly meeting of the
California. Promotion Committee was
held yesterday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock
at the headquarters of the committee.
The following members of the commit
tee were present: A. Sbarboro, chair
man, representing the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association; George W.
McNear, treasurer, representing ! ' the
Merchants' Exchange; Rufus P. Jen
nings, executive officer, representing
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce; A. A. Watkins, representing the
San Francisco Board of Trade, and
Fred J. Koster, representing the Mer
chants' Association. An important an
nouncement of the meeting was the
third excursion of the committee. This
excursion will begin on the afternoon
of Wednesday, April 6, with a short
stop the following morning at San
Pedro to" visit the harbor and other
improvements there. From San Pedro
the party will visit San Diego, and re
turning will take in all of the principal
cities on the way to San Francisco, in
cluding Coronado, Santa Ana, River
side, Redlands, Pasadena, Los Angeles,
Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo, Paso
Robles, Salinas, Watsonville, Santa
Cruz, Hollister, San Jose, Los Gatos,
Santa Clara, Palo Alto, Redwood City
and San Mateo, arriving in San Fran
cisco the afternoon of the following
Sunday.
The entire triD will occasion an ab
sence of but two days and a half from
business. A special train has been en
gaged. The excursion will be made up
of prominent San Francisco business
men and leading citizens of the inte
rior.
Executive Officer Submits a
Eeport Showing Much Has
Been Done by the Body
WORK IN LAST MONTH
Excursion Is Arranged for
Business Men by Califor
nia Promotion Committee
PLAN A VISIT
TO SOUTHLAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALt,, FRIDAY;- MARCH H. 1904.
Bnrnett'ii Extract ot Vanilla bu
taken cold medals against all* other brands. •
16
¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BUBHHBllBBaBBBBBLlBHaBaBaBaBHBBBmBB
I SMITH'S NEW STORES
5' •'¦ -¦¦¦¦'¦¦ - ¦ ¦ ; ¦¦tM-i'^.^vt.-K.--. ' H
B ¦ ;¦ - . ; . . a
§ Grand Opening Saturday, March 12th. ¦
| Niew and elegant store at 773 flarket |
g Street, bet. Third and Fourth. g
S A handsome line of special imported woolens |
| on display— directly imported from Bartrum, |
S Harvey & Co., London. h
b • •• • " • ¦¦ : ,: - ;^v \ : ¦
! I chnriAi ncccn A fancy Vest FREE with every m
¦-'SPECIAL OFFER Swt Order valued from $15 g
g : FOR SATURDAY to $50. These vests usually 1
¦ ¦••••' ; '¦'¦'" ¦ ¦ ¦ sell at $5 to $101 n
J The Merit ot Ovr Goods and Workmanship Arc Well Known. |
¦''¦¦¦".• :'^ y '- : Vs:- A ' — — . a
g COME TO THEOLD ESTABLISHED TAILOR, ... |
g 773 MARKET ST., Bet 3d and 4th. Opp, Phcian Bviidin^ g
BBBBBBBBBBBBeiBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBflBBBg
" Abont flre yean ago I wu troabled
with Bor« hands, so sore that when I
would pat them In water the pain wonld
Ttry nearly set me crazy, the skin wonld
peel off and the flesh wonld get bard
and break. There would be blood flow-
in e from at least fifty places on each
hand. Words could never tell the suf-
fering I endured for three years. I
tried everything that I was told to nse
for folly three years, bat could get no
relief. I tried at least eight different
doctors,- bat none of them seemed to do
me any good, as my hands were as bad
when I got through doctoring as when
I first began. I also tried many reme-
dies, but none of them ever did me one
cent's worth of good. I was discour-
aged and hear t-6ore. I would feel so
bad mornings when I got up, to think
I had to go to work and stand the pain
for ten hours, and I often fdt like giv-
ing up my position. Before I started
to work morniDgs I would hare to
wrap every finger up separately, so
as to,try and keep them soft, and then
wear gloves over | the rags to keep
the grease from getting on my work.
At night I wonld . bare to wear gloves
in bed. In fact, I had to wear gloves
all the time. Bat thanks to Cuticnra,
the greatest of all great j skin cares.
After doctoring., for three years, 'and
spending mnch money, a 50c box of
Cuticura Ointment ended all my suffer*
Ings. It's been two years since I used
any and I don't know what sore hands
are now, and never lost a day's work
while usinjT Cutlcura Ointment." •
THOMAS A. CLANCY,
310 N. Montgomery St.V Trenton; ; N. J.
Bold tlm«tb*it Hi* world. Catieara Rawlrtnt. «le.
(In form ol ChOttltU C«tad FilW. tie. per rUl of 00V
OSattwot tOa- Smb. SU. IHp.tat London. V ClurUr.
faoaM 6q.| l'«ri». i Km de U Pojxi Botios, 1ST Columbia
At*. Pottor Drat * Ck«m. Corp.. Sal* Prvprttton. '
And Many Remedies Failed
to do a Cent's Worth
of Qood ;'-'?'. '-': T ''
EIGHT DOCTORS
By Cutfcura After the
Most Awful Suffering
Ever Experienced.
WONDERFUL CURE
OF SORF HANDS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVESTISEICESrTS.
CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' WEAR DEPT.
I SPECIAL VALUES FOR I
FRIDAY and SATURDAY
We are exhibiting high-class novelties of
MISSES' and YOUNG WOMEN'S
...NEW TAILO? MADE SUITS... .
The line includes all the new weaves of materials And em-
braces only styles confined to us. We make a specialty ol
MISSES' and 'YOUNG WOMEN'S SUITS. You will find
our prices very reasonable when materials and finish are
considered.
SPECIALS
MISSES' SUITS, made of all-wool Venetian cloth; new
kilted skirt; bolero blouse effect; cape bretelles; coat lined
with Skinner satin; ages 13 to 17 years. $15.00 Cifl Cf\
values •plV.JU
MISSES' SUITS, made of fancy mixtures; all colorings;
exclusive designs; Eton coat style. $18.00 values.
YOUNG WOMEN'S SUITS (bust measurements 32. 34,
and' 36); twelve different models of the latest design, embrac-
ing a wide range of materials — all new spring
shades. Exceptionally good values at %pLtU»^J V
Children's and Misses! Millinery Dep't
To-morrow's exhibit will bring forth our entire new line of
INFANTS', CHILDREN'S and MISSES' MILLINERY
just received from Paris. Children's and Misses' hand-
embrosdered pique Hats and Sun Bonnets, Fancy Lace Hats,
Large Taffeta Hats. Fancy Straws, Milan and Fine Leghorns
in the newest shapes.
SPECIAL
CHILDREN'S HATS, ages 6 to 14; a variety of styles;
made of fine Tuscan straw; handsomely trimmed with best
quaJity of ribbon. $2.50 and $3.00 values. Special «J*-| *JE
for Friday and Saturday *P * • ¦ »*
We make a special study of .
Children's and Misses' Coats
They are exclusive styles of the highest class of work-
manship and cheaper than similar goods sold elsewhere.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS, made of all-wool covert cloth
and fancy mixed tweeds; in Norfolk. Russian and Military
Styles. Sizes 4 to 14 years — $4-50. $5-5°. $6.00, $7.50.
SPECIAL
CHILDREN'S REEFERS, collarlcss effect; sizes 2 to 6
vears; made of all-wool cloth; cape neatly trimmed. $4.50
value. Special for Friday\and Saturday «*9 r\f\
3/6- 022 /V4#/t£T ST.
t— ' V H..L.MIWW «' "T— ""-" — ¦""* —• ¦«¦-¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ ..— ....—¦¦....——.- ¦¦ ,H|.||n- ¦ ,, L[ „ * Yy*^_f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REGAL SHOES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<> :- . -" ¦ . ¦.'-..' ¦;'.¦;¦- ¦ . -. \ :.''*-,: : ,,, ¦ ¦ __ . ., - "'is,;' - -¦-,' ¦** ; ¦ -• .. i ¦ - - •¦- ¦ . -- '- S- - _
' -¦ ' •' " - V -. - -- - -¦ ¦* -> '.¦-:¦.-¦
¦-,V:J6k V THIS MORNING the new Spring Regals will
i^ e P^ acec^ * n windows of sebenty-tteo 2{egal
stores rom an Francisco to London.
The new make up the most complete
¦ ** ne of shoe st y les^ ver P ut ° n sale - p
They are fresh from' the Regal fee- if
tory, and they're all exact duplicates 4$®jj^i
of .the-<new models that have just M^pl
been designed for the best-dressed. peo~
JlSsS t^^^^H ple Of New Yot^ London and Paris, lllfll
jrouot men— particularly v \ T"^ — - « ** » S^^^l 'J^? 3 '
university and busine« Jj/VClV SnO& TT1 S Hll Tfl f^flii fPr 1Q *?%i^i^Pift
men who like •'erispnw* , J w**ww iUBUUiatlUl tl lO B^^M^W%
vrtde "outside swing." ex'. CODViriP* "fir* WtifiP ATimnolo -flOr* *•*%!+•%, jc3?^fji^^{f®v
• tension sole back to hc«l. " «T«^ 111 S U - 1^' OCllIlC fillginaiS LlllS lTSm* /S^^J'.^-?^r\
but you c^i't see duplicates of
these latest styles in any shoes but Regals for at least four p»
months. Make an errand by the Regal windows Wltilf
To-Day •" FRIDAY. : W^9^
You re going to x see the sleekest- sha«^Jes ever produced. J A^^ T
p^EGAL SHOES by |1LJ1| K^T^^ i^^^^> >Jllv r2I1C " 1SCri
gal 7 Mail Order' Depart- JjSL^ /JMiKffitag^ £?& Mi£\ /MoBSsSty G^ AHY and
ment, 109 Summer St., V>Z»/ll\ I uuvi
Boston. Askforournew . . fl ¦,"¦'¦¦¦¦ _ # 1-2 .1* STOCKTON STS.
There arc 72 Regal stores. « of them in Greater New York, where the styles originate. - Thfi new style* are; on sale at our SAN FRANCISCO store a* iht
••me time as in the New York Stores. r;
Toil cxwldn't set a better value for the
money than you'll find this knife to be.
It r«>* to buy a rood knife — one that will
five you rood service under any condi-
tions.
All my cutlery is high-class. Including
*ueh well-known brands as 'Wostenholm's,
Henckel's. Jordan's. Stiletto, etc.
RAZORS, as low as fl.OO. Excellent
quality.
eCIBSORE, from 25c up.
RAZOR STROPS, from 25e upward.
2 bars Willlam-a 10c SHAVING SOAP,
15c
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 Market Street, Above Powell.
San Francisco.
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Dr. Ha!-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
"sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St, S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
HtLlKVCAAOOlKK
xmtp. Coughs, Colds,
/§$$#« Asthma, Bronchitis,
*&%& Hoarseness,
and Sore Throat
FafrStalle JL/ J /? */ onererj
tilgnstareot 0ZHL*S r*la*m^P>» box..
Premium il 1 1 coffees 1
Free " s P ice8 1
»*t-c .. Cents BaiffiJ D
with Each w«^*», r* * a
worth Powder B
fy^f They are Beauties p jj
I&A A th °usand kinds jjfo |
y&? to Select from. <^*y H
g[ It Pays to P I
I*- Trade at / I
Great American Importing Tea Go's 1
I Stores ]\
j£J 861 Market 210 Grant »?. 1419 Polk §1
M 140 Sixth 1819 DevWderro 705 Larkin H
fl 475Hsuxht S0C6 Sixteenth 3Z5 Haye* B
|j 3235 Mission 621 Mcr.tp'y ar*. E2 Market l\
B2008 Filbnore 2516 Mission 143 Ninth St
B..^™^!!.^ 24 4PFonrth B"
QySn DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY'
A g) icsiiMSJiTs?.h*..fci47:i.s.r:*:. ( i
\ .^^1 ,. Th^ L«*$«it Anatomic»l Minna la the
" /B?*feSfk Yf orld - *V «•*»«•••« m lay contracted / I
?\ re2Hri i*"",, *•"•*•"• •*• ••«¦«* hrtn-ouieit V
lOml ip'O'liw on tleCoui E>C)* y »ts. 0
d U *&£*& DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEN i
\ IW*j5Q Coawlution free ind itriztSy print- \
r 1 W^a 1'~Z?™A peno"*liy rr by litter. A A
U I' / it? w nte far Book. r!ULO4OPnY »t A
\ a \\* »*»¦«*•«• Joins ruaa. l a ¥
A O t> valuable book (or mrn) \
" DO. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 MurtwtSL.S. f V
SERGE'S
FAVORITE
WOMEN. g
— --^— I
U "DTTCXJ UC FOR BARBERS. BA-
DilUullCid kers - bootblacks, bath-
*^ house*, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canner*.
dyers, flour milla. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories.
stablemen, tar-rcofers. tanner* tailors. «tc.
BTJCRAXAH SSOS..
Bruslx Manufacturer*. 609 Sacramento St.
\A/. X. HESS.
STotary Public and Attorney-at-ZAw.
Tenth floor, Kuom lulu. Ciau» iJureclceift bi.lj.
Teleohone Main '.ih.:.
Rfsldence. ISC2 McAllister st.
<£¦ r-' Residence Telephone Paga fB41.
Schools and Colleges*
LEADING BUSINESS 'COLLEGE OB" THE
WEST. 24 Pon *t. r San Francisco. C«l.
Established 40 years. . Op<-n catlr* year.
Writa for Ulustrated catalogue (fr««).