Chaplain 'Hale Prays for Peace.
, .WASHINGTON. March - 16.— In his
invocation at the.beginning.pf to-day's
3ession in the Senate. Chaph \\\ Hale
prayed "that there may be peace
imong 'the; nations - and : that, this'- na
tion 'may show the' way." "
WASHINGTON, March 16— United
States Minister Allen cabled' from
Seoul, under.^to^day's date,, that the
Cincinnati arrived yesterday at Che
mulpo with twenty-three Americans
from Chinnampo. The Minister an
nounced that the missionaries In the
neighborhood of Pingyang had refused
to send their women and children
aboard the ; Cincinnati, where .they
could be, taken to a place .of safety.
He also reported that | the Marquis ! Ito
was 'expected' to: arrive at Seoul-to
morrow. Tha Marquis ! brings -an auto
graph * letter from the Japanese : Em
peror to the King of Korea, and it Is
believed here that he will; be an ad
viser to the King, and in that capac
ity- will '. shape Korea's relations .with
the powers.
The State Department . has made.it
clear to, the, missionary representatives
of this- country^ that/in, the- case ' of
actual . war like this it ' cannot. J , alter
PARIS,' March 17,—The -Vienna cor
respondent • of the Petit Parisien
says that Count Goluchowski, tha.
Austrian * Minister^ of Foreign Affairs,
has authorized the publication of the
following' declaration, which he made
officially to the French, British and
Italian Embassadors: . ..
'"The Austro-Russian entente on ; the"
subject- of Macedonia is; firmer than
ever.- A ; perfect _ understanding exists
on the subject of. the modus Vivendi in
Macedonia and of .Turkey's application'
of ; the reforms proposed by the two
powers • and •- accepted ' by the; Sultan.
Russia and Austria are determined to
use all their, influence arid even to • re
sort ; to extreme measures to obtain the
fulfillment of the Sultan's promises.
The rumors . that Austria : is mobilizing
troops are wholly unfounded." - .f'.';"-
War News Continued -on -Pace 1 5. I
SANTA CRUZ, March 16.— Al Pryor.
a well-known contractor of this place,
was badly injured last night by an ex
plosion of powder, , which i tore oft one
of his hands' and " lacerated his arm.'
His escape from death was miraculous.
The accident occurred about five miles
from Boulder Creek. . Pryor went out
after, supper -to set . off ¦ a blast. The
fuse at first failed to work, and" Pryor
with * a - stick of ; dynamite - in his hand
approached the hole. He/was In the act
of brushing the dirt away when" the
explosion occurred. /
BADLY INJURED BY AN /
EXPLOSION - OF 5 D YNA3nTE
STATE DEPARTMENT
CONVEYS A WARNING
TO 3IISSI0NAEIES
SULTAN MUST KEEP
PEOMISE HE MADE
TO THE POWERS
Nearly every Democrat of promi
nence-in the State is now supporting
Olney and it Is not believed that
Hearst's new Boston paper, which ia
due, April 5. will appear in season to
turn the tide.
BOSTON. Mass.. March IS. — Hearst
men got but cold comfort at the meet
ing of the Democratic State Commit
tee held in Boston to-day. At the rery
first test vote they were decisively de
feated by the Olney boomers and only
by the most adroit political engineer
ing did they avert a direct \ contest on
the main issues.
-The- vote came when John O'Gara
of Spencer, the veteran leader of the
Hearst ¦ forces from the western part
of the State; moved that the State con
vention be composed of one delegate
at large from each town, city and
ward and one delegate additional for
every fifteen Democratic votes cast
for Governor at the last State election.
This would make a total of 1700 dele
gates. The Hearst men wanted a large
convention and a late date.
O*Gara*3 motion was voted down —
37 to 14. The basis of representation
adopted was one delegate from each
city, town and ward and one for every
200 votes or fraction thereof cast for
Colonel Gaston' last November. This
makes a total of 1016. The date of
the convention was set for April 21.
The Hearst men wanted it at least two
weeks, later. -The, State will send four
delegates at large and as many alter
nates to St. Louis and two delegates
and two* alternates from each Con
gressional district. • It can be positive
ly announced that all the delegates to
St. Louis will be instructed to vote for
Richard Olney for President and that
the ; unit rule will be adopted and en
forced.
CHICAGO.. March 15,— The petition
of Mrs. .Annie Murphy .to be declared
the '.lawful, daughter of the late Baron
von Giahn was denied to-day by
Judge Carter. Mrs. Murphy was con
tendlng'for a reduction of. the inheri
tance tax, she having been bequeathed
$10,000 by the. Baron's estate. The
case hinged on" the, Question whether
church, records in Brooklyn, N. Y., had
been altered to show a marriage had
been 'solemnized between Baron von
Glahin and the .mother pt Mrs. Mur
phy. . The court's decision upholds the
validity of a later marriage contracted
in Chicago by the Baron. .
Chicago Court ' Gixes ; Decision In a
Suit Contesting Inheritance
Tax.
MRS. MURPHY, IS NOT
DAUGHTER OF. A BARON
Ej>ec:al Dlsiwwch to The Cal!
SAN JOSE. March 16. — The mys
terious disappearance of Charles San
bom, th« young lawyer, who recently
came here from Madison, V.'is., was
«olved to-day when the missir.sr'man
¦was recognized as a prisoner in the
¦County Jail. He is serving a fifteen
days' sentence for vagrancy. Sanborn
sentenced under the name of
George Pease on March 7 by Justice
Herr!n?ton of Santa Clara.
Sanborn came to San Jose a couple
cf months ago. He could find nothing
to do. and. berormng desf ondent, dis
appeared on March 6. leaving all his
belongings in his room at 306 South
Second street. His friends, for a time
feared he had committed suicide.
Sheriff Langford in reading a descrip
tion of the missing man at once rec
ognized Sanborn as his prisoner. San
born admitted his identity. He said
he had started to make his way to San
Francisco and was found sleeping in a
barn at Santa Clara. He. was. arrested
for vagrancy and pleaded griilty as he
¦was willing: to ijo to jail, being without
employment. <
EAGLE'S WING
NOT ALLURING
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, March" 16.— The
entire story of the Mojave lynching is
now known. Twelve witnesses have
confessed and told everything. About
thirty persons are more or less im
plicated in the crime. Most of them
are employed around Mojave, many of
them in the railroad shops. There are
none of them except Cowan charged
with having had anything to do with
the actual shooting.
District Attorney Laird is in doubt
whether all the members of the mob
or only the leaders should be prose
cuted. ,The matter will probably be
submitted to the Grand Jury. •' in the
meantime no further arrests have
been made, the jjrincipal offenders be
ing in custody. For good reasons the
District Attorney does not desire to di
vulge the names of witnesses.
According to the statements of the
witnesses Cummings was shot at the
Jail door by- Cowan, who fired' two
shots. One of the witnesses said last
night that th2> prisoner, although bad
ly wounded, closed with him and in
the scuffle they fell, with the witness
on top. Cowan then came up-with his
rifle, and. pointing it at the negro, or
dered him to 'quit his struggling, say
ing:
"Stop your. fighting, you nigger," or
I'll blow your head off."
From what can be learned from the
statements of . the witness District
Attorney Laird is of the opinion that
the negro was struck- by the second
shot and was struggling blindly when
he seized the witness referred to, and
that he was a cornse when the* mob
applied the oil afld feathers which
were on the remains when they' were
found.
i- PARIS, March 17 f — The Tokio corre
spondent of .the Matin' sends this infor
mation, which he says comes from re
liable authority, concerning the Jap
anese military situation up to March
10:
"The first 'army of 70.000 troops un
der General Kuroki occupies Northern
Korea. Thp brigade landed .at Gonsan
forms part of a second army of similar
strength. The mobilization of the lat
ter has been completed and the troops
will sail shortly for an unknown desti
nation. The mobilization of a third
army becan on March 7."
The Echo de Paris publishes a dis
patch from its St. Petersburg corre
spondent, which says that the idea of
the- Russian Baltic squadron going to
the Far East by the northeast passage
has been given up as too risky. The
fleet probably will start In July and go
by way of the Cape of Good Hope.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 18.—Offi
cial orders were published ¦ to-day re
lieving Vice Admiral Stark from the
command of the Port Arthur division
of the navy, ostensibly on account of
IlNhealth. No successor will be ap
pointed. Vice Admiral Marakoff having
determined to serve as squadron com
mander, as well as commander in chief
of the entire Russian naval forces in
the Far East. -
The talk of poisoned swords having
been left behind by the Japanese is
based on the mis-translation of a Rus-^
sian technical term. General Zilinsky,
chief ot staff to Viceroy Alexleff, in a
telegram, said that "pyroxiline" had
been found in the form of disc-shaped
torpedoos, six inches in diaqjeter,
which the Japanese intended to use in
bestrewing- the road over which the
Russians were expected to pass, in or
der that the explosions resulting from
the imoact of the horses' hoofs might
caused a stampede.
LONDON. March 17.— The Daily Tele
graph's Sebastopol correspondent says
it is semi-officially announced that
Russia has abandoned the Idea of send
ing her Baltic squadron to the Far
East by way of Bering Straits as im
practicable. .
A Port Arthur dispatch says that
Admiral Wittsooft has been appointed
chief of Viceroy Alexieff's naval staff
and has gone to Mukden. \
YINKOW. March 17.— It is authentic
ally reported that for a week past there
has been only a small and changeable
garrison at Haichen, but a large force
is maintained at the fortified and strat
egical town of Ashan Shan, where the
Japanese concluded their advance in
the war between China and Japan.
ALEXANDRIA. Egypt, March 16.—
The British steamship Elswick Tower,
from Barry, ; March 1, which arrived
to-dav. rsnorU having been stopped
Stopped by a Russian' Warship.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
NEW ORLEANS, March 16.—Ac
cording to authentic advices received
here to-day a powerful protective al
liance has been formed by Brazil,
Ecuador. Argentina, Chile and Bolivia
to guard against absorption by the
United States. Those countries believe
that they will eventually be compelled
to accept annexation to America on a
plan similar to American recognition
of the new republic of Panama. The
belief prevails throughout Brazil and
Argentina that in the event of a revo
lution in either republic President
Roosevelt will intervene and recognize
the revolutionists, thus paving the way
for annexation.
It i£ reported that President Zelaya
of Nicaragua has forwarded a check
for $100,000 to President Marroquin
of Colombia to assist that country in
joining the South American coalition.
The alliance was first discussed last
year, when it was ur^ed that South
American republics should belong- to
the United States while Peru was con
sidering the advisability of appealing
to President Roosevelt to establish a
protectorate inTeru.
DYNAMITE^ CAUSES THE,
"death of two men*
Miners In Shasta County Set Off Their
Blasts as Usual, but Do Not
Ascend.
REDDING. March 16.— E. M. Twist,
23 years old, and A. Nelson were in
stantly killed this afternoon by a blast
in the Gladstone mine, near the town
of French Gulch, in this county. The
rules of the Gladstone mine provide
that each miner of the day shift shall
light his blast just before going to the
surface at 5:30 o'clock. The blasts are
all then exploded before the night
watch goes on at 7 o'clock. For some
reason Twist and Nelson, who- were
working alone in a crosscut, failed to
leave the mine at 5:30 o'clock, although
Jhey had prepared their blasts and
lighted the fuse. Twist's parents live
at Santa Cruz, and Nelson leaves a
widow and several children in Sweden.
SALEM, Or., March 18.— The discov
ery was. made to-da"y, that all the orig
inal drafts of the city ordinances enact
ed prior to.lS93 have disappeared. The
city criminal code, the gambling ordi
nances and the water, gas, power, and
railway franchises' are .among j the lost
documents and nothing but copies en
tered in the record book are now avail
able. % ( A grave question is raised as to
the 'authority of the city government to
control and -regulate affairs of the city
under existing conditions.
. ' Gambling,"' which* was ' recently sup
pressed, expected to begin openly
unless the State' authorities interfere.
The disco very of the loss of the papers
created a greats sensation.
The Japanese have ascertained defi-.
nitely that a strong -force of, Russian
field artillery is on the north. bank of
the Yalu River, and .that earthworks
have been thrown up. Advices from
Chonju, a town northwest^of Anju, «ay
that the people are in a-s'tate of panic
owing to the treatment of women "arid
the seizing of grain by the Russians.
The Emperor ¦ intends to leave his
town palace arid \ return to Kyunbok,
his palace in the outskirts . of j the city.
It was here that the Queen was assas
sinated in 1895 and "from here that the
Emperor fled to the Russian legation in
1S96. His present .residence is' situated
in the midst of the foreign legations, so
that his removal to' Kyunbok doubtless
will be more -satisfactory to the Jap
anese Government.
SEOUL, March', 16.— The Korean su
perintendent of trade at Kybngheung,
on the^Tumen River, has received a
note from the general in command at
Vladivostok, saying- that, since Korea
has joined Japan, Russia considers Ko
rea as a belligerent and will act -' ac
cordingly. ¦ -
Two thousand Korean troops now at
Seoul will be sent to the north next
week. ; -....•¦
by a Russian • warship . which . was
cruising fifteen miles .outside of Alex
andria. . . '. ;
«
ST. PETERSBURG ... '..-,
CONSIDERS. KOREA :¦
AS" A BELLIGERENT
. The Secretary ... went on to say. that
the United States and British Consuls
had reauestedythat the,': women and
children leave Newchwang,' arid doubt
less they would . give similar advice to
all American citizens and. British , sub.-
Jects if circumstances 5 rendered it ad
.visable. j His Majesty's Government had
already- addressed representations to
the belligerents, requesting them to
take the necessary steps "to safeguard
the interests of British subjects.- ... ..
LONDON. ;Marchi 16— In; the House ;
of Commons 'this afternoon Earl Percy,
Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs,!
confirmed- the statement .that, the Brit
ish station gunboat Espiegle would- be"
withdrawn from Newchwang' immedi
ately after the river -is opened, as the
vessel .would be in considerable danger
An the event' of hostilities, while her
presence there would afford no effec
tive' protection for either, life ; or-prop
erty.'" ¦"¦'¦"'"¦„ '*• ¦;,..¦*/"',; , . \
BRITISH GUNBOAT
/TO BE rWITffl)ft AWX
' FROM NEWCHWANG
a_. proper...warning^. undertake ,. to ..emr
ploy the States army and navy
in expeditions intb the interior of a
country which is the scene of war. If
the. missionaries remain they must take
their chances.
Commander Mason of the Cincinnati
notified" the Navy Department to-day
that.- he. , had. taken'; the twenty-three
American refugees ta.Chefu, "China.
HEARST FORCES
SUFFER DEFEAT
ROME, March IS.— The Pope to
day signified his intention of creatins
another Cardinal in America immedi
ately. He has selected Archbishop
.Farley of New York, who is a great
favorite ef his Holiness. While much
pressure has been brought to bear,
especially of late in favor of Arc*h
bishop Ireland, the Pope made the se
lection of Archbishop Farley person
ally.
Special Dirpatch to Th# Call.
Pope Selects New
York Prelate for
Cardinal.
Santa Clara SJieriii
Solves Mysterious
Case.
Oripal 1 : Drafts of
tosrol iSalem
Disappear.
SEOUL. T # ucsday, March 15. — The decisive land battleof the war .will be fought in North
western Korea, probably before the. end of March. Russia's main army has crossed the Yalu and
taken up a position to oppose the Japanese advance. . It is occupying an area. having a forty-mile base
from Wiju to Changsieng and extending. southward to the Pakchoh River. Fortifications are being
erected and every road and pass is being intrenched. For a distance 'of fifty miles along .the 1 "Peking
road." which it is believed the Japanese must follow in their advance through 'the' wild northern
country, intrenchments have been thrown up at short intervals, ancf- the- Japanese "must fight -ilieir
way over this long line of earthworks. The strength of the- Russians is- variously estimated -ai
from 40,000 to 8o,coo men. -Fully one-third of . this ; number are Cossack horsemen.
Special Dispatch , to The Call.
ARCHBISHOP
FARLEY IS
HIS CHOICE
VALUABLE
DOCUMENTS
ARE TAKEN
Prosecuting Attorney
Learns Story of
the Murder.
LYNCHERS
AT MOJAVE
ARE KNOWN
Decisive Battle Will Be Fought on the Fron
tier Before the End of March.
MISSING
ATTORNEY
IS IN JAIL
POWERFUL WARSHIPS OF THE PHANTOM VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON, OF WHOSE WHEREABOUTS THE JAPANESE NAVALCOMM ANDERS ARE STILL UNCERTAIN.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 10S
Forecast xxiad* at Saa Francis
co for tUrty hours, esdissr mld
nlffbt. Karch 17. 1304:
ft-n Francisco and vicinity—
Cloudy Thursday, probably
sbowers, fresh southerly winds.
A. O. aScAJDZE,
District Forecaster
The San Francisco Call.
f ;
; Alcazar J-"Far«ifal."
Calif crai» — "Tiis Old Mill
Stream."
Central — "Siftcni O'Brien.'*
Colombia — "Tie Silver Slipper."
. Clmte* — Vande7rUe.
FiscHers — "T5ie Sotuxders."
lyric Hall — Xate Janlsdi lec
ture. Marines, Eauer Con
cert.
Orpieum — Vaudeville. SJatlaea
To-Day.
Tivoli — "The Gyp«y Baroa."
*- — "— ¦
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, .MARCH : 17, ' 1904;
MAIN ARMY OF RUSSIANS CROSSES THE YALU RIVER
AND FORTIFIES WIDE AREA IN NORTHWESTERN KOREAA : Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
. Itching. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding- Piles.
Tour , druggist '.will . refund .." money. . if Pazo
Ointment I&Us to cure you in 0 to 14 days. 60c*
Stenographer Resigns to Be Married. ;
Miss Mary Cusack, stenographer of
the Board of Education, will resign
her position to be married . to Dr. J.
Van Amsden, a dentist of Sonoma, the
weddlnsr ' having been fixed for some
date In April...' Miss Cusack has occu
pied the position for "more than eleven
years and general regret is - expressed
at her severing her relations ¦with- the
school board. She will be succeeded
by Miss Agnes ilahoney.
' / ¦ ? ¦
Steamer Garonne Changes Owners.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 16. — The
steamer Garonne has been sold by
Frank Waterhouse to > the North
Alaska Steamship Company of New
York. The company has also leased
the lighters and river boats of the De
Soto Mining Company and will oper
ate them in conjunction with the Ga
ronne, which will leave on her first
voyage ot the season al >nt June 1.
Of the population of European Rus
sia 86 per cent are farmers.
BELLINGHAM, Wash.. March 16.—
At Mountain View the home c-f Ber
trand Drake caucht fire while he was
lighting the heating- stove and was
totally' destroyed. His two daughters,
aged 6 and' 9 years, who were 'asleep
upstairs, were burned to death.
ChikUtn Burned to Death.
GRANTS PASS, Or., March 16.—
Several large pieces of almost pure
silver, and bismuth , have been found
by prospectors near Grants Pass. . The
discovery is of especial interest from
the>fact that silver in such quantity
has never before been found in r Ore
gon, v • £'-:'.'P 4 :
Sliver Found Near Grants Pass.
BUFFALO, N. Y., March 16.—Em
ployes in the seven large lithograph
ing establishments in this city went to
work to-day after adopting a resolu
tion not to sign the agreement sub
mitted to them , by the. National Asso
ciation of. Lithographers' Employers.
Each employer will now proceed to
deal with the men individually. By
the end. of this week, it, is expected,
practically all the men will, have been
locked out,
Kefnse to Sign tlie Agreement.
Miners Accent Offer of Operators.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 16.—
National officers of the United Mine
Workers of America say to-day that
from reports they have received from
locals of the nine States which yester
day voted on the subject of accepting
or refusing the offer of the operators,
the two-year scale is accepted and
there will be no strike- In a few places
in Indiana, where the foreign element
prevails, there is a small majority in
favor of a strike. -..
There are seventeen metals which are
more valuable than gold, pound for
pound.
• NEW YORK, March 16.— Labor
troubles, as a result of which many
thousands of men are Idle, again
threaten the industrial world and the
situation is expected to become as
serious as the; memorable troubles of
a year ago. In the building trades in
this city it is estimated that 20,000
men are now out of work and that
they will be increased almost daily.
In addition, the ; printing trades are
threatened by the attitude of the litho
graphers, 10,000 of whom are expected
to be locked out throughout the coun
try by nightfall.
The various unions of the Allied
Lithographing . Trade organizations
held conferences to-night and decided
not to accept the arbitration plan pro
posed to them by the Employers' As
sociation. The arbitration, plan was
submitted individually to-day to every
workman employed by a member of
the association and they 'were told if
they did not accept the plan they
would be locked out. The men were
given until Saturday to decide. If the
men refuse to sign the agreements
more than 10,000 men will be locked
out. The lockout will be all over the
United States and also in Canada.
Labor Troubles in New York Threaten
tire Industrial World.
THOUSANDS OF MEN IDLE.
California Lodge of Perfection, A,
and A..S. R. F. M., elected its officers
for the current term in Golden Gate
Hall last night,. after which there was
a banquet. Frank B. Ladd, the ven
erable master, was the toastraaster
and he called upon the following
named to respond, after speaking on
"The President of the United States":
"Supreme Council," F. J. H. Rickon;
"Masonry in Europe," C. L. P. Ma
rais; "San Francisco Consistory," J.
D. Abrams, and "Yerba Buena Lodge,"
W. P. Filmen
Masons Elect Officers.
NEW YORK, March 16.— The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco — Miss Averill, at
the Netherlands; W. K. Bradbury, at
the Murray Hill; E. H. Dewolf and
wife, at the Wellington; Miss G. Mer
ritt, at the Herald Square; J. Schlosser,
at the Belvedere; A. L. Bemoff, at the
Albert; S. McNaughton and wife, at the
Criterion; E. L. King, at the Herald
Square.
From Los Angeles — E. H. Granty Jr.
and F. Sisburg and wife, at the Grand
Union.
Californians in New Vork.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces examinations
for the position of civil and electrical
engineer, -departmental and Philip
pine service, April 19. Age limit, de
partmentar service, 20 years or over;
Philippine service, 18 to 40 years.
Persons who desire to comoete should
apply either to the United States Civil
Service Commission, Washington, D.
C, or to the secretary of the Con
solidated Board of Civil Service Ex
aminers, 301 Jackson street, San
Francisco, for application form 1312
for the departmental service and
forms 2 and 375 for the Philippine
service, Avhich should be properly ex
ecuted and filed with the commission
at Washington.
Engineers Wanted.
yesterday and are registered At the St.
Francis.
WASHINGTON. March 16. — The
following Callfornians are registered
here: R. P. Schwerin of San Fran
cisco, Henry F. Palmer of San Diego,
at the New Willard. •
Californlans In Washington.
Captain Collins of the British army,
¦who served with the cavalry forces in
the South African war and is now
making a tour of this country with
a party, of friends, arrived at the Pal
ace yesterday.
Professor R. A. Penrose Jr. of Phil
adelphia and John Brockman of Los
Angeles, well known mining men, and
James Pourtalis of Philadelphia,- who
is interested with them in a mining
deal in Arizona, arrived in this city
D. Cunningham, division superin
tendent of the Chicago, Burlington
and Quincy road at La Crosse, Wis.,
arrived from the East yesterday with
his wife and children and is staying
ct the Palace.
Dr. G. Faulkner of Salinas is at the
Grand.
Dr. Petrie Hoyle and wife of Santa
Cruz are at the Palace.
J. Craig, proprietor of Highland
Fprings, is at the Grand.
F. Lewis Clark, a mining man of
Spokane, is at the Palace.
Rev. and Mrs. R. J. Adams of Cam
bridge are at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. J. M. Proctor of Pet
aluma are at the Palace.
Grant Snyder, a mining man from
Kennet, is registered at the Palace.
J. H. Ballantine, a prominent brew
er of Newark, N. J., is registered at
the St. Francis.
Mr. and Mrs. Marian Story of Port
chester, X. Y., arrived in this city
yesterday and are at the Palace.
T. Dewjtt Cuyler, a prominent law
yer of Philadelphia and a director of
the Pennsylvania Railroad and the
Equitable Life Assurance Society, is
a guest at the Palace.
TERSOXAL.
UKIAII, March 16.— Hold-ups are be
coming quite frequent In Ukiah, two
having occurred last' night. It is
thought some San Francisco crook is
plying his vocation here. At about 11
o'clock Allen Aldrich, a clerk in Caroth
ers" cigar store, was held up by a
masked man and relieved of 35 cents
and his keys. He immediately tele
phoned to Carothers, who went to the
store and took the money out of the
till. While on his way home Will
Carothers was also held up. The high
wayman called to him to stop, but he
turned and fired his pistol at a figure
which was standing a few feet distant
and took to his heels. The thief had
probably watched Carothers close the
store and concluded that one of them
would have the proceeds of the day's
sales about his person.
Earl Jamison also had an experience
with, a r pickpocket r ,.,ha,ving his vest
pocket cut and some money, extracted.
Citizens are becoming alarmed" over
the frequency of the hold-ups and the
officers are rounding up all tramps."
Several Robberies Arc Reported and
Officers Are Rounding Up AH
Suepects.
HOI-D-UPS BECOMING
FREQUENT IN UKIAII
The almost complete vote follows:
Regular ticket. 842L; independent, 5140.
The regular party organization is in
sured 110 delegates in the convention
out bf a possible 129.
PORTLAND, Or., March 16.— The reg
ular Republican primary ticket sup
ported by the followers of United States
Senator. John Mitchell won an over
whelming victory over the independent
ticket put in the field by the supporters
of ex-United States Senator Joseph
Simon at the primary election to-day.
The Democrats had a ticket, but mott
of the followers of that party consid
ered more harm could be done to the
Republicans by encouraging factional
strife, and voted with the independents.
The result is of importance, as it was
conceded that the loss of the Multno
mah County party organization which
would follow defeat in to-day's prima
ries would be a severe blow to Senator
Mitchell's chances of re-election in 1907,
and it was upon this point that the
fight hinged. Local issues cut little fig
ure in the campaign and both factions
were a unit in the support of the pres
ent Federal administration.
SACRAMENTO. March 16.— Nearly
800 union artisans connected with the
building trades are out of work as the
result of to-day's developments in the
labor troubles that have existed in this
city for several weeks. The difficulty
originated with the demand of journey
men plumbers for an increase of wages
to $4 50 a day and of hodcarriers to
$4 a day. The employing plumbers
and plasterers, . who belong to the
Builders' . Association, declined to ac
cede to these demands, and as a con
sequence work on many buildings
suspended. Affairs had gone along in
this, fashion for several weeks, when
last night a number of merchants, the
members of the Builders' Association
and other employers of labor organ
ized themselves into a Citizens' Alli
ance, patterned after similar organiza
tions 'in San. Francisco, Los Angeles
and other cities in the State. The Build
ers' Association this morning an
nounced that its fight would hereafter
be conducted by .the Citizens' Alliance.
Coincidentally with this announcement
came an ultimatum of the employers
in the building trades to their employes
that unless they desired to be employed
as individuals they must quit work.
The men refused to forsake their
unions and work in the building trades
ceased, except in the case of a union
here and there where the order to quit
had not yet become effective. It Is ex
pected that in a day or two all me
chanics in the building line will fce out
of employment.
It is stated that the issue was forced
at this time by the declaration, freely
made by union men, that other unions
besides the plumbers and hodcarriers
were contemplating asking for an in
crease in wages on June 1, the union
men asserting that they intended to
ask only for the scale paid ln'other im
portant cities in the State.
To add to the complications," S. Mac
kif», a contractor and employer of union
labor, who does not belong to " the
Builders' Association, brought suit
against the local architects, mill men*
and supply houses, numbering in all
nearly eighty, alleging that they have
discriminated against him by refusing
to furnish him their services" or mate
rials. He ask3 for $10,000 damages, be
sides an order of court to compel the
defendants to withdraw from what he
alleges fs a conspiracy against him.
In a statement to-day A. A. -Merry,
secretary' of the Builders' Association*
said it was proposed by the alliance
to determine whether three or four men
are to continue to dominate the build
ing Industry of Sacramento.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The Senate passed without discussion
the joint resolution authorizing the
President to negotiate with the Govern
ment of Great Britain to secure a re
view of the regulations for the catching
of fur-bearing seals in Alaska, so as to
obtain an abatement of the killing of
female seals and thus preserve the seal
industry.
WASHINGTON, March 16.^-Another
entire day of the Senate was devoted
to consideration in executive session of
the nomination of General Leonard
Wood to be major general. Senator
Blackburn, resuming his speech begun
yesterday, occupied a little more than
two hours, and was followed by Sen
ator Quarles, who consumed the re
mainder of the day an^d expects to take
another hour to-morrow. It is predict
ed now that a vote will be reached be
fore adjournment Friday. In addition
to the set speeches which will be made
by Senators Teller and Foraker, Sen
ator Alger, formerly Secretary of War,
will take fifteen or twenty minutes in
defense of General Wood's executive
ability. He will speak from a personal
viewpoint The military record and the
executive ability of General Wood
formed the subjects of Senator Quarles 1
remarks. He followed very closely the
testimony before the Military Affairs
Committee, and praised General Wood
for his, conduct in the Geronimo cam
paign, the campaign against the
Apaches, the Spanish-American war
and the record he is now making in the
Philippines. Ko attention was paid by
Senator Quarles to the charges made
against General Wood, though he sug
gested that in concluding to-morrow
he would attempt to show they had not
been proved after an exhaustive in
quiry by the Senate committee.
The Interruptions in the speeches to
day were even fewer than yesterday.
Senator Foraker is depended upon by
the majority members of the Military
Committee to answer all charges that
have been made.
LOS ANGELES, March 16.— A young
woman, whose name the police posi
tively refuse to make public, was en
ticed to a room in the Cordova room
ing-house, 324 West Fifth street, this
afternoon by -a man. whose advertise
ment she had answered., robbed of $500
in gold and locked in the room while
the thief escaped. For half an hour she
pounded on the door before she at
tracted attention, and by the time she
was released the man who had robbed
her had disappeared. Not the. slightest
trace of him or clew to his identity has
'been discovered.
The robbery. was the culmination of
a carefully arranged plot. in which the
sharper hoped to secure other victims.
He advertised in all the Los Angeles
newspapers for a partner with $500,
promising $8 per day and expenses to
a female partner, and the young
woman answered the advertisement.
He called on her and told her when he
was ready to demonstrate his plan to
her he would telephone to her. To-day
she received a message telling her to
call at once at the rooming-house men
tioned and bring her money with her.
She did so and found the stranger,
who gave the name of J. B. Watson,
there. The room was filled with botties,
chemical apparatus, crucibles, boxes,
Bunson burners and other such things,
indicating that the man was a chemist.
She had her money in a coin sack,
and while she was not looking he sub
stituted a sack containing a number
of iron washers. She caught him at it
and accused him of. theft. Then he
laughed In her face and told her he
could render her unconscious with his
chemicals and leave her there. He
backed to the door and suddenly left
the room. When she tried the door
she found that he had removed the in
side doorknob and had locked the door
from the outside. In vain she tried
to break the lock, and then for half an
hour she pounded on the door before
she attracted attention of the landlady,
who released her. When she told the
police her story she exacted a pledge
of secrecy as to her name, saying she
would rather lose the money than have
her name known, but if the thief is
captured she will prosecute him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Local Issues Are Ignored,
but Result Means Re-elec
tion of the Incumbent
Force tfie Issue as Other
Unions Contemplate Ask
ing for Increased Wages
Senator Quarles Lauds the
President's Friend — For
aker Will Answer Charges
ALGER IS TO SPEAK
Theft Is Culmination of a
Carefully Arranged Plot
to Make a Big Haul
LOCKS VICTIM INSIDE
FIGHT IS SIGNIFICANT
EMPLOYERS ARE FIRM
Senate Devotes Another Day
to Discussing the Nomina
tion for 3Iajor General
Clever Faker Entices Woman
to a Koom on Business
Pretext and Fleeces Her
Contractors .Decline to Ac
cede to Demands of the
Plumbers and Hodcarriers
Oregon Senator Scores Deci
sive Victory Over Inde
pendent Simon Ticket
STOP BUILDING
AT SACRAMENTO
STILL TALKING
ABOUT WOOD
MITCHELL WINS
IN PRIMARIES
ANSWERS AD
AND IS ROBBED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1904.
2
2 ¦ ' ¦¦"' •" *¦' ¦ '
{-.. EXCELS ALL OTHERS g
: Cures Dandruff Permanently Grows Vigorous Hair |
I Cures Itching of the Scalp Restores Hair s
I Cures Scaly Eruptions Preserves the Hair •
• Stops the Hair From Falling Makes Brittle Hair Soft and Silky •
I Awarded First Prize at California State Fair 1903 |
J ' Werner's Hair Tonic, by its antiseptic action, destroys with a single application the mi- •
• crobes which cause Dandruff, Itching, Thin. Hair, Loss of Color and Premature Baldness. ©
® . The effect of its use is immediate. The scalp becomes invigorated and healthy. The circu- o
5 lation about the hair roots is increased. The hair bulbs are nourished and revived. The hair S
J shafts are strengthened. A glossy, luxuriant growth is produced. ¦ J
• In Baldness, if the least spark of life remains to the roots, Werner's Hair Tonic induces •
• a new, vigorous growth. %
O It is 'especially effective when used in conjunction with Werner's Medicated Shampoo. {
§ The scalp is thus purified and the hair left soft and silky. •
• Werner's Hair Tonic is not oily, has a refined, pleasing odor, and is a delightfully re- •
• freshing hair dressing. There is no substitute for it. Nothing is just as good. Accept nothing o
©else. At druggists', 50c a bottle. / ; S
® ¦ : ¦ . '¦ ' ' '¦ ¦¦ j " - . -, . #
S For Free Sample Send 10c to cover postage to Werner Manufacturing Co., Sacramento, Caf. S
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUNYOrs"
PAW-PAW
CURES CATARRH
Co!. D. C. Pavey, Gallant Soldier
and Prominent G A. R. Man ;
of Boston, Says:
"It seems to be a duty I owe suffering
mortals everywhere to prepare and for-
ward to you, without unnecessary delay,
this wholly unsolicited testimonial to
the efficacy of the newest and best re-
medial agent given by you to the public
"For many years Munyon's Homeo-
pathic Remedies have been the standard
In my home, and in no instance have they
failed to do what was expected of them,
but it remained for Paw-Paw to effect a
most magical transformation.
**A member of my household has been
n great sufferer from severe gastric trou-
ble, whicli threatened to become chronic
Tliree weeks apo I purchased at Hough-
ton & Dutton's. Boston, a pint bottle of
Paw-Paw, and before one-third of the
pint had been taken the patient felt like
a new woman, and from that day to this
has been spared the distress to which
she had become subject. In her case
alone. Paw-Paw has worked wonders.
Yours very truly,
"(Signed) D. C. PAVEY."
Paw-Paw will make the worn-out
stomachs almost as good as new; makes
good, rich blood and builds up the ner-
vous system: will do away with both the
necessity and desire for beer, whisky,
wine and other injurious stimulants.
A body that is overworked, a system
that is run down, requires a stimulant.
Alcoholic stimulants lift, but let you
fall. Paw-Paw lifts and holds you.
Sold by all druggists. I>arge bottle $1.
Paw-Paw Laxative Pills. 25c a bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I The PRICE & TEEPLE PIANO wL
ml . Creates enthusiasm wherever it is heard — because it possesses a \wiVi
¦/ . ' r, soul-entrancing, brilliant tone, coupled with a most wonderful, del- \ Rt l)lv
hi icate action., There is a subtle something in its tone that thrills — iftiW'/
¦ I "a tone that enchants the world" — and there is in it a resource of- |ot| ; -
|| power that is the admiration of. musicians. fi«K!l'
II The Wiley B. Allen Co/ have been in the piano business for *§%\
III over a quarter of a century, and during that time have handled hun- Yif/r/
tt\ -vrjdreds of different makes; but none has been more pronounced or v^Jw
W\ ¦ 'up. to date from every standpoint than the Price' & Teeple — a
\H WILEY B. ALLEN CO. Ml
. . 931=933 MARKET STREET ,^119
' Other Stoxe«— Oakland, Sacramcato, <^^V'.'->i^%W?^ '
rureka, Saa Jose, Fresno, Saa Diego. l^&rW- ¦•.'¦"•¦'•'• 'wJ^C*^
. '__, i ._ r . rrn . inr ' PBAGEBS
I To-Day Will Be Your I
1 : Lucky Day at» [j
I There Will Be Something Doing. I
I Don't Miss It. I
I J| AIAKCTS RELIABLE l>
I J*- 1238- 1250 JMARKET ST-»S, T J I
j LET ME
1 QUOTE RATES.
H tF^FKE^JLt me what point you wish to reach
n * JL an( * w^ en y° u ex P cct to leave and I will
| take pleasure in quoting rates and giving
£ full information about our service to the East.
I If reduced -rates will be in effect at or about
I the time of your departure you will be told
X about them. I will also furnish you with an
| itinerary of your journey. I will tell you about
i the meal service, through car arrangements,
I berth rates, etc. If you wish, one of our travel-
[J ing men will call on you and help you in all
H sorts of ways. |
E Do not lose sight of the fact that the Rock
y ' Island System has two routes to the East — one
|| / via Ogden, Salt Lake City, Colorado Springs and t,
B Denver; the other via El Paso.
M Chicago, Omaha, St. Joseph, Kansas City, Des Moines,
v- St. Paul, Minneapolis, Davenport, Rock Island, Memphis
p . and Peoria are a few of the 1,50a and more towns and cities
f reached via the Rock Island.
I lliffi??Mf^l¥ C A> RUTHERFORD,
t J le^^rTrk^wSl District Passenger Agent,
I I'&ejKY^I i 1 ] 1 1 BS« *" 2 3 AIarkeC Sc -» San Francisco, CaL >SACRAMENTO. March 16. —Governor Par
dee to-day appointed John 3. Coimlck and Joan
ti. Murray. Ilarbor Commissioners for the port
of Eureka. HumbuUlt Countx, vice themselves,
terms exslred. - .
blastinr charyes: Amos Westwood. Oakland,
adjustable heel for sbo«s.
Oregon — Douglas S. Dufur. Tn« Dalles, en
velope an/i can! f«dinr device; nm«, feeding
device for tyf-wrtters; Joseph G. Reddick.
Portland, non-reflllable stopper tor bottles;
WlUiam. S. Reynolds. Dayton, broom znoUt
ener.
Washington — Spurpeoo J. Davis. Cathlamet.
friction clutch mechanimn ; WlUia E. Everett.
Tiromt, maklns cyanides and nitrates: Her
man Fesenfeld. Hcqttiam, barrel top; Robert
O. Riley. Seattle, submarine dredging ¦ anil
sluiclcs device; Arnold J. West. Aberdeen,
tlitlnc bin and sample display device.
LOOKING UP RECORD OF
OLD CANAL COMMISSION
Professor Burr Is Unable to Giva
House Committee .Much Light
on Finances.
'WASHINGTON'. March - 16. — The
House Committee on Interstate and
Foreign Commerce to-day further
heard Professor William H. Burr on
the question of sanitation of the Pan
ama canal route. Professor Burr also
spoke of the expenditures of the late
isthmian catial commission ami the
committee, at an executive session
held after the he'aring, decided to call
for the journal and expense account
of that commission. These documents
are understood to be in the State De
partment. Over $1,000,000 was ex
pended by the commission. Professor
Burr in hi3 answers to Chairman Hep
burn was unable to throw much light
on the financial record of the commis
sion.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Washington Departments Make
Changes In Postonlces and Issue
Many Patents.
"WASHINGTON", March 16.—Con
firmed appointment— R. M. Richardson,
Postmaster, Sacramento.
Changes, fourth-class Postmasters:
California— King River, Fresno County,
H. F. Rocks, vice Oscar B. Hanan, re
signed; La JoIIa, San Diegro County, D.
O. Glover, vice "William F. Ludington,
resigned. Oregon — Viento, "Wasco Coun
ty, W. K. Coughlin, vice C. T. Ear
ly, resigned- Washington— Enterprise,
Whp.tcom County. Albert EL Clarke,
vice Thomas M. Allen, Tesi^ned.
Postmasters commissioned — Herbert
"Wilhelmi, Preston, Cal.
Dr. W. W. Rable has been appointed
examinini? surgeon at Riverside, and
George H. Graves has been appointed
watchman at the Oakland postofSce.
Patients l»«ue<J: California — Abraham Ar
alntton. C«dar»llle>. buckle: Ilarrey Brt-c*
with. Oakland, traction engine; Joseph &-rrh
tol*. Hesjerta. tobacco tic*; l*nnz S. Boede
feld. ban Francisco, hat fastener; John Brew
er. Saa Francisco, ttwo) apparatus for inaiclag
blocks for btrildlnz; Aasie Bockelow. Lane is
ter, cotabinatSoa waiat -«ttachment aad skirt
cupporter; nsK, safety pia: Edwin O. Caster
line, paper foldinir machine: Austin W. Collls.
Breirtwoccl. threshic? machine; Kdward Davis.
West Berkeler. door closer for baling presses;
Charles II- Gnnn. Saa Jotw. ckrthta washing
drvice; Henraa Heaker. Saa D1*eo. bak»
own; Aurust C. . La bud and IL J. Barton.
Ozkbar, z r M wrarator; Nicholas Lamb. Lo*
Asrcles. rer«r»{bl* moantaJn'cIimber. Frank
N»ideil, Ix» Ar.«»>». cooibination harelr^
bask»t and pot; Marx P. Sch«tzel. Oalciand.
propeiltns , aztparatas (or rnt«li; Flntun J.
Xrarssae, Asset* Cans;, ciacbiss for prepaxiBg
Reports Trouble at Sanchez.
WASHINGTON. March . 1«. — The
usual daily revolution is reported from
Santo Domingo by Minister Powell to
day in a cablegram dated. March 14.
He records trouble at Sanchez. - -
Mar Become an International Affair
TELLURIDE. Colo.. March 15.— Mrs.
Stewart Forbes, wife of the secretary
treasurer of the Telluride Miners" Un
ion, who was deported by the Citizens*
Alliance, has taken up the matter of
her husband's banishment with H. V.
Pierce, Vice Consul cf the British con
sulate at Denver. Should Pierce fail to
guarantee protection to Forbes upon
his return to Telluride she will appeal
to the British Embassador at Wash
ington, Forbes ia a British subject.
-tate Senator on Trial for Briben
KANSAS CITT. ilarch 15.— State Sen
ator Jesse !.. Jewe'I of Kansas « "ity was
brought to trial in the Criminal Court
h«?r«? to-<2ay upon a chargs of soliciting
a bribe. The charge i? that Senator
Jewel' went to J. TV". Hess, manager of
a baking powder company, and offered
Sot 530O0 to influence legislation in the
State L^sislatur* that would be bene
fVial to the company.
MAY RETURN* STOCK
TO ORIGINAL OWNERS
President HiU and Directors of North
ern Securities Company Discuss
Plans for Future.
NEW YORK, March !«.— A number
of Northern Securities officials, includ
ing President Hill. Vice President
Clough and Directors George F. Baker
and John S. Kennedy, had a long con
ference at the company's office. It
was said that j?laO3 to dissolve the
company and return the railroad stock
to the original owners were discussed,
but this could not be confirmed, inas
much as Hill declined to make any
statement. He did say, however, that
the genera! condition was unchanged.
He refused to discuss any of the re
ported alternative clans. An official
copy of the Supreme Court's decision,
as rendered on Monday, vrill be re
ceived by the Northern Securities of
ficials to-morrow.
IDUNN PROBABLY WILL
NOT SUCCEED STODDARD
hairmaa of New York Republican
Committee Will Not Be Successor
to Secretary of Arizona.
WASHINGTON. March 15.— Isaac T.
Stoddard. whose resignation as Secre
tary of the Territory of Arizona has
been accepted by the President, to
take yffect April 1, will be succeeded
by an Arizona man. For a week or
more political gossip has connected
the name of Colonel George W. Dunn,
chairman of the New York State Re
publican Committee, in succession to
Stoddard, but i: can be said that he
will not be appointed.
GKRMANY EXPELS STUDENTS.
Thirty Russians Receive Notices From
Police to Leave the Country.
BERLIN. March 16.— Thirty Russian
students, several of them women, have
received, yesterday and to-day, from
the police notices of expulsion in con
sequence of participating in a meeting
held Saturday to protest against the
Government's permitting Russian
police agents to watch Russian resi
dents in -Germany.
The students have from three to
eight days in which to leave the coun
try and may select the frontier to cross,
the Government not compelling them to
return to Russia as In previous in
stances.
The origin of the dispute between
the Government and the students,
about 500 of whom are attending, the
university and technical schools, was
in the socialist accusation that the
Government was permitting Russian
spies to search the rooms, examine the
correspondence and otherwise inter
fere with the liberty of Russians living
in Germany. Foreign Secretary von
Richthofen. in defending the Govern
ment January 13, said the Russians
here were anarchists, and that many of.
the women attending the university or
other schools were reaUy not students,
but lived in a state of immorality. A
few days later from forty to fifty Rus
sians passed a resolution protesting
against these imputation*.
Chancellor von ' Bulow. answering
Herr Bebel. the socialist leader, on the
same subject. February 23. contemptu
ously alluded to the protestants as
"begjrars and conspirators under the
leadership of Mandelstamms and Sil
berbaum?."
If these fellows do not keep quiet
said the Chancellor, "we will throw
them out."
From 42S arsons who signed the
statement thirty are selected for ex
pulsion.
About 400 Russian students met on
S/uurday and signed a statement re
citing the utterances of Secretary von
Rlchthofen and Chancellor von Bulow.
Referring to the Chancellor's assertion
that they were abusing th° hospitality
of Germany, the Russians said that
even guests had tho natural right of
resenting insults flung at them by their
hosts.
"Besides this." the statement con
tinued, "he undertook by referring to
the Jewish origin cf part of the Rus
sians here to arouse anti-Semitic preju
dices against us. Count von Bulow,
the highest official of the German em
pire, has not scrupled under the pro
tection of his privileged position to call
us beggars. The fact that most of the
Russians living here are of Jewish
origin is due, as Count von Bulow well
knows, to the special opposition to
which the Jews are exposed In the
Russia of Kishenev, which excludes
them from the higher educational in
stitutions c-i their native country. We
regret that the twentieth century in
the land of Lesslng and of Fichte wit
nesses such disregard for the great
idea of humanity as -evidenced by these
anti-Semitic sallies of the German
Chancellor."
VIENNA. March 16. —The palaces of
Emperor Francis Joseph and Arch
duchess Clothllde at Budapest were
stoned by a mcb yesterday evening
and the wfndoim were broken because
the buildings were not decorated In
honor of the anniversary of the revo
lution of ISIS. A great crowd of stu
dents and workingmen, after a
onstration in front of the statue of
Poet Petc-fy. paraded the streets and,
noticing that the palaces were not dis
playing flags like most of the other
edifices, showered them with stories un
til the police charged and dispersed
the rioters. A number of persons were
injured and many arrests were made.
Milwaukee Officials Are Indicted.
MiLHALKSJi. ilarch 16. — Several
itrrtsts were mad* to-day on -warrants
< overing indictments returned by the
"'.-.ir.d Jury last evening. Among those
arrested and the charges are the fol
'.ntring: Building Inspector Michael
Dunn. bribery: former Alderman
Oharl**s Cook, bribery; Alderman Wil
liam Murphy, bribery: Supervisor "Wil
liam Sutton. bribery; former Court
Olerk Otis Hare and Frank Keogh,
; — :r.ter. conspiracy; Frank Hirnmel-
Ft^in. deputy tax commissioner, cen
•piracy.
rcler op xvsrniA. whose palace at Budapest was stoned bt
RIOTOUS WORKMKN AND STTDEXTS BECAUSE IT WAS NOT DECORATED
ON THE ANNIVERSARY OF THE REVOLUTION OF I«13.
Hibernians at San Jose Will Celebrate
on a Grander Scale Than
£Iver.
SAN JOSE, March 16. — The Hi
bernians will celebrate SL 'Patrick's
day on a grander scale than is usual
in San Jose. The Irish societies of this
city and county will combine in the
exercises. An S:30 o'clock mass at
St. Joseph's Church will open the day.
At this time County Chaplain J. D.
Walshe will bies3 a beautiful new flag,
the gift of Father Gleason, to the Hi
bernians. The Hibernians will march
from their hall at 10:30 o'clock to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn high
mass will be celebrated.
In the evening there will be literary
and musical • exercises at the Victory
Theater. A chorus of 100 school chil
dren -win take part. Rev. Joseph Mc-
Quaid, a late arniy chaplain, will de
liver an oration. Recitations and
songs will follow.
MAY PLEAD GUILTY
WHEN TRIAL BEGINS
Deputy Tax Collector Me Hen of San
Jose Probably Will Ask 31ercy
of Court.
SAN JOSE. March 16. — A. J. Mullen,
who is charged •with embezzling over
-43000 from the office of County Tax
Collector January', may plead guilty
when his trial commences to-morrow.
Jackson Hatch, one of his attorneys,
has withdrawn. This morning F. L.
Thomas appeared before Judge Tuttle
and asked, for a continuance of the
trial. This was denied. In arguing
Attorney Thomas Intimated that no
defense would be made, and- it is be
lieved that Mullen will plead guilty
and throw himself on the mercy of the
court. Mullen has been awaiting" trial
for nearly a year. The specific offense
against Mullen is that he embezzled
$30t> SS paid to him for State and
county taxes by Jacob Luther. This
is but one of the many peculations that
footed up over $3000. all of which
was made good by Tax Collector Jan
uary-
Pledged to Support Roosevelt.
DOVER. De!.. March 16. — The Union
Republican State Convention was held
to-day and delegates to the Chicago
convention elected. Senator Addicks
read a resolution commending President
Roosevelt and his administration and
instructing the delegates to vote for his
renomination and use all honorable
means to bring about that result. The
resolution was adopted.
Postmaster General Payne HI.
WASHINGTON, March 16.—Post
master General Payne is now confined
to his bed and is much weaker than
has been generally believed. It i3 not
likely that. he will be able to resume
his duties for several weeks. He has
undergone .a severe attack of gout
about the knees and both feet and has
suffered intense pain.
— : . m •
Stole Letters From 3Iau Boxes.
CHICAGO, ilarch 16. — Edward • Ker
lin* an ex-convict, has confessed to
stealing" hundreds of letters from mall
boxes in Hyde Park In the last three
months. He says that after forging in
dorsements on checks and money orders
he cashed them, . chiefly in department
s'tores/" .
President Harper Is Recovering.
CHICAGO, March 16.— President Har
per of the University of Chicago has so
far recovered from his recent operation
for appendicitis that he has been moved
from the Presbyterian Hospital to his
home.
ST. PAUL. Mian., March 1(L— The Rejftxb
licans of the Ftrst. , S«»eon<J. Third. Fourth.
Sixth. Eighth «nd Ninth Utstrttt* to-day. s<
lecte-1 delegates to the national convention. All
except those from the Ninth ar- instructed for
Roosevelt.
SOCIETIES WIIX UNITE
OX ST. PATRICKS DAY
-hip Delayed in the I«
HALIFAX, N. S., ilarch 16.— The
French Line steamer Propatria,
:rht to have been lost, arrived at
St. Pierre to-day, she had been out
more than fw-o ¦weeks from St. Pierre,
bound for Halifax. She was caught
in the ice and remained heloless for
many days.- ...
Erport of Sc£ax to Bermuda.
LONDON. March 16. — Answering a
Question in the House cf Commons to
day. Colonial Secretary Lyttelton said
the Incre^sir^r export of sugar from.
the United States to Bermuda proba
fc'.y -was due quite as much to the in
timate commercial relations between
the United States and Bermuda as to
¦ay bounty given by the United States.
to any case, the Secretary did not pro
pose to ask the Legislature of Ber
muda to take any special measures to
check such importation in the Interest
cf British trade, as Bermuda was not
a party to the Brussels sugar conven-
WASHINGTON, .March 13.— In the
House to-day during the discussion of
the postoffice appropriation bill. Spight
of Mississippi 1 discussed the. negro
question and declared unjust the at
tacks on the people of the South, who
had been charged with brutality and
barbarism toward the colored 'race.
Comparing the lynchtngs and burnings
at the stake which had occurred in the
South with those in the North, he said
that the people of the South in meting
out punishment to the negro who had
committed a fiendish crime never fol
lowed it up with violence toward de
fenseless children and women as had
been done in the North. He declared
that President Roosevelt by Inviting
Booker Washington to dine at the
White House had done more to influ
ence the passions of the negro and to
give him a perverted idea of his im
portance and his near approach to so
cial equality than anything that had
been done for past years.
Spight continued: "So far as I am
concerned I am opposed to mob vio
lence as a general proposition. I do
not think that lynchings for any other
crime than the nameless one against
womanhood ought ever to occur. In
all others the courts of the country are
ample and generally, with us, swift
to punish.
"But in the one class of crimes so
brutal and destructive of all that is
dear to an enlightened people, no one
with a spa'rk of manhood in him can
doubt that instant death to the perpe
trator should follow upon the ascer
tainment of the guilty facts. The poor
suffering woman who has been the vic
tim of the devilish lust of a brute,
white or biack. should not be compelled
to appear in court and repeat before a
jury the horrible details of her wrong."
Spight recited that the burning at
the stake of "such brutes" was not con
fined to the South but had occurred in
the North as well.
Subsidies to railroads for special mail
facilities came in for much criticism by
Robinson of Indiana and Gaines of
Tennessee, the latter characterizing
them as a "legalized steal." Rural mail
carriers found many friends on the
floor who advocated increased pay for
them and the privileges of acting as
agents for newspapers and trades- :
people.
In a speech characterized by intense
vigor. Flood of Virginia asserted that
the credit for the establishment of the
rural free delivery service belonged to
the Democrats. It had. he said, been
claimed by Perry S. Heath, former
First Assistant Postmaster General.
"I am not," he said, "astonished that
a gentleman who was willing to rob
and plunder his Government and per
mit other people to rob and plunder the
Government he had sworn to protect
should rob a political opponent of the
credit to which he was entitled." j
REVEXATIONS EXPECTED.
Hints That Special Postal Committee
Will Spring Surprise.
WASHINGTON, March • 16. — The
special committee of the House on the
postoffice report has, it is understood,
received the report known as "exhibit
A." This document has never been '
made public and the feeling created j
among members by the thorough man- j
ner in which the special committee is j
dealing with the task assigned it is
growing somewhat intense. Revela
tions of new "deals" are hinted at in
Ute cloakrooms. In the meantime the \
special committee is earning on its j
work behind closed doors. An all-day !
session was held to-day.
Wh*>n the committee adjourned j
Chairman McCall announced that he j
had addressed a letter to each mem- j
ber of the House mentioned in the re;
port requesting him If he so desired
to make a statement to the committee, J
either orally or in writing, touching j
the correctness of the statement in j
the report. !
The committee will meet again to
morrow, and, as indicating that the
preliminary work is nearly completed,
McCall said that it was hoped to con
duct the work in open session in two
or three days. The day, he said, had
been devoted to going over the report
so that the committee might be thor
oughly familiar with every phase of it.
This work, he said, will greatly ex
pedite the final conclusion.
Consider Bills Relating to Canal.
WASHINGTON, March 16.— The!
Senate Committee* on Interoceanic
Canals to-day considered the three
bills relating to the government of f
the Panama canal zone. General [
Davis, a member of the Canal Com
mission, was heard as to the estimates
cost of carrying on the government
and in support of the proposition to
leave the government of the zone to
the members of the commission. The
committee adjourned until Wednesday
i ¦ - ¦ t
Chinese Reformer Calls oa President.
WASHINGTON, March 15. — Chan
Mun Shang, a prominent Chinese mer
chant of San Francisco, called on the
President to-day. He is head of the
Chinese reform movement in this
country. He says that 25,000,000 Chi
nese already are enrolled in the move
ment and ; that • the " list is rapidly in
creasing. . '
Cennan Embasssidor Is Improving.
WASHINGTON, March 16. — Baron
von Sternburg, the German Embas
sador, who has been suffering from a
cold, was much better to-day.
The North- Western Line Rrzssla
.Japan Atlas.
Send 10 cents in stamps to R. R. Ritchie.
Xo. 617 Market street. San Francisco, for
Russo-Japanese War Atlas, issued by th* ,
Chicago and North-western Railway. Three:
flne-cok>r*d rear*, each.; 14x20. bound, in con- I
veDie-nt forte . for reference. The Eastern tIt
nation shown in detail, with tables showinc
relative- military and naval strength and 1
financial rerourcca cf Russia and Japan. ' •.'•"-.
WASHINGTON. March IS.—Commis
sioner of Pensions Ware, with the ap
proval cf Secretary Hitchcock, to-day
promulgated the most Important pen
sion ruling that has been issued in a
lens time. It directs that beginning
April 13 next. If there is no contrary
evidence and all other legal require
ments have been met, claimants for
pensions under the general act of June
27, 1S30. who are over <52 years of age
shall be cor^idered as disabled, one-
half inability to perform manual labor,
ard shall be entitled to $6 a month;
over C5 years to $s, over 6S years to
$10 a.ni over TO years to $12, the usual
allowances at big-iier rates continuing
for disabilities other than age.
Commissioner Ware said to-day:
"There has !cr.g been In the bureau
a rule f.xizsr the maximum age limit
at $L2 for 73 years. This was made
•luring- Mr. Cleveland's administration
by Commissioner Lochren.
•The 63-year minimum limit has been
a. Lor-s while in force in the bureau.
The act cf Congress which tras passed
In the letter part of January, 1S3T, and
apprcTed fcy President Cleveland, put
all the Mexican War veterans cm the
pension roll thirty-nin* years after the
er-1 cf the Mexican War."
The Former Maximum Asre
of Seventy-Five Years Has
Been Lowered to Seventy
Mississippi Representative
Says the North Is Not Slow
in Dealing Out Lynch Law
Good Water Necessary, but
Under Present Conditions
It Cannot Be Obtained
WASHINGTON, Mcrch 13. — Secre
tary Taf t continued his explanation to
the House " Committee on Insular Af
fairs to-day as to conditions in the
Philippines, particularly with refer
ence to the necessity of railroad build
leg. Taking up first the Question of
internal Improvements In the islands.
Secretary Taft read a cablegram from
Governor Wright suggesting a 510,000.
000 bond Isaue for Improvements. In
this cablegram Governor Wright said
that In the last six months the customs
receipts had fallen off 25 per cent.
Secretary Taft declared his belief
that the $10,000,000 bond issue could be
sold 1 at par at 4 per cant Interest.
He to!d of the necessity of municipal
Improvements contemplated. There are
S00 towns which need water supplies
and sanitation. Tha contemplated
bond issue -would make it possible to
supply between three and four hundred
of these towns and greatly improve
their health conditions. It was de
sirable, he said, to have the preliminary
approval of the President and Secre
tary of War to the bond Issue, in order
that the bonds might be more readily
marketed.
Secretary Taft turned his attention
next to the section of the bill providing
that the collections under the immi
gration laws should be turned into the
Philippine treasury. Delegate de Getau
of Porto Rico Questioned the Secretary
as to tho effectiveness of the enforce
ment of the Chinese laws in the islands.
The census showed only 30,000 Chinese
in Manila, whereas it was supposed
there were double that number. The
inducements for a Chinese to evade the
law were great, but the Secretary be
lieved that the law was as rigorously
enforced as in the United States.
Secretary Taft said the salaries of
Judges of the Supreme Court In the
islands should be raised to $10,000. It
was difficult, he said, to retain men on
the bench there &H the salary paid.
He will continue his testimony to
morrow.
SCOEES THE PEESIDENT
•$10,000,000 IS NEEDED
EFFECTIVE OX APRIL 13
Secretary of War Believes
Government Should Lend
Aid to the Philippines
Congressman Spight Denies
That His People Have Bar
barously Treated Negroes
Commissioner Issues Order
Declaring Claimants Over
60 Years Old as Disabled
Francis Joseph Neglects to Decorate Royal
Building at Budapest in Honor of Revo
lution of 1848, Thus Provoking Trouble
TAFT URGES
A BOND ISSUE
MOB VIOLENCE
IN THE SOOTH
LIMIT REDOCED
FOR PENSIONERS
PALACE OF EMPEROR IS STONED
BY STUDENTS AND WORKINGMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. MARCH 17. 1904.
3
ATi'UT.'RTTS'Fr*t rJ NTSl
DIL SHOOP»S BESTEDIES.
If You Have These Symptoms
Send For My Bock.
'f yoc wa« to feel berer,
'¦ t you watu tomn »"iecf ih.
tf you lick srB&tt'-on.
Ii ym cist io thir«j like yna o^ed to,
I* you lacs con^dmre in : forwl! .
i i your mi »e — roar < •y^nfe— a icrwme jtom.
If you lack *m. nu. viislsy,
I! somet::nse is at=x ava-y funr crw.stifjtioo, writ- •
ts ff»« t*w the bnok y**i r»i?erL
¦»iwbook teii* of my incowerr. Tc>!s tv* zt;*r
th«rry t rvr% 1 found the cause at ihrtc »yBiytwma. ;.id
r J-y <K^«rr?.r r »"> ab<»»e.
I be b.<»k rxlH berm bytdtr.vf.c rt^mram I rrv-d
--Tit the C!«v:» Vtn brraj ca throok fnwi I; ttl'.x .
t«T» I re^t^ 1^ m> yrtsenpeon— LH Mxm.i> * Ke»ton-
!:•
I »eu"<l .cxarabH that *httrt ti-.^rr was a «e*kr.r*«, 1
t'« ksb» rer*e» wer* »ea!u \V>«r« d^rrr «j» 4 Urk
%>i «raaijtv t!«t the «ita! «rvn Ia<Wed frmer. VI r^re
• • - . '.-%•-¦ - - ' fnund, 1 Inm : . ••<; • »»'. nrr\«>.
N Cat rKi'ttj cr<H3Miii> ti«u^t.f .<. l^st ti« » it»! cr-
g»s* rgnres. tlie nts^c — cJt bi i>th> ntnn.
TUa »a» J rr»elatioo. Tteti m> rtjl w«vr»»!«v3p_
T)>e» i coednt^d a^Tni!v^r^ that ».juW «tre=«ih<ra
t'«I would *«a!!ie ti«->e n*rrt» Ttjt iirrsrnptiOti I
•i -'. i --¦ : *» -..-¦•-• r ........ it
I" Uaopfli ke»ioratr»e. .After tiuii I d»! m--i »j:1 :o
am or* att m etch hnnrfj-nt In tbe riirnir!y d J5-
01k a«n i»y U-Wrtrt [<w Hi* ye*n «erc *me m cacb
fsxiy tra-«! 1 !•»«! cancer uacu»»j«. Cancer ia
tor Kitnj. oot tatri Misne.
Tl«= bow to tet t!.i> trorr-jrtion to »«fk «ne» e»ery-
wiwrr »a$ my tiiot(f!:i. I must ii»kmi ;t in tie
pttiic pea hat. t)*nt:»Si 1. «i!l 0«e>- ua'.h; tie
troth o« m\ dijcrr»ery — xix tea! pc»er vl l>r. Sh««^»»
Hntontnc? 1 ! r~. a »ay nz-r to me — lie ym :nsp.r»-
tiun "I »»UcffCT jt«o tLe »*l«'oo tral. I'.rj ttey
•ii! ksu* 1 «a «a>cere "
I wrote a rrjiat^ drusc'« ra racii CTTy axxf »J"jjf m
A -— - i ~.~ *t .;•-»- iu c .-e - a r wall it r
Now w-v ZTzy *» k one
Dr. Shoop's Restorathe 5
O- t' u. •¦:'-•---. f -• a «„::«-.•-:.- I »,;;-,•. -«.j
Srud r»« motKj . J « »t » > ite me f «r tSe bo«k yrsa
need. V ", 1 trad n I • lii • • ¦ : »'-<i v4 a r ¦• t2 •¦'¦ BO*
t-y w$w? • ill ycrmit ilnr wtoc"4»*» tri^i I. w r,,. f^; r3 .
»>«« a mrmth. Tl»c» «irc«de 1 1 1*« U|t) riie C"j.i :i
' ITC«i net b*ij> we.' rSj« wil: irKeve »»« . ( +r.\ <»-
r>"5» wh»t«-»er He *UI b'U il« cost <« me
1 !•'» u ra* way at rWarir* 7 ocr nad >4 ail daobts as
:r •: at Jt Sh>iOp'i kestotatrre an 60 No nu::*r
how r r *judami. iou usa»'<l!5{wlr t!is aS«eUiteserer-
n> I cSrr. Vo« cansot mat u cSer Lkr tUu ii yua
z:* iil'-.'i »ck.
U yn Utt 1 (nkiwu, *rut nc. II (im as't 1*0
t: j*«i i-k< roa aird r- 4a '••¦•• •-. '¦ me a'^oct a.
W rrt* iu r&cfcdrncr A* 9 plvnM.ua I • :11 tr'' roa
* war to beip < .r; r>r boQk ¦».•»— to-cUr.
Book 1 on L'j spepa:a_
Ocyly «t*t» wtiica Bock 2 on the Heut
book 70a wast and Book 3 ca the Kidney*.
.:::«» Dr. Ehocp. Eoc^ * tcr Wotasa.
U:x SCO, Bsd^ *T "<*
WiJL. Tlcck C on Rheo— ati»*n
iin& cases. «t chrosic. «re cftea cured
with cb« or two bcttl*». At drucrixta*.
Wherever you see
Schilling's Best
tea. baki=g-pe»&T tpxm
csfficc fi*.r3R3{ extrcrs toix
there is fair dealing too.
At yesr sneer's; — eryfctifc -
AJDVESTISElgaiTS.
JUDGE LUCAS
OF MISSOURI
CURED OF SCIATICA BY PE-RU-NA.
I FX-JUDGE PHIL LUCAS OF MlVoOLRL / *
»»»--» ------- -------------^ - - - - - - TTT>>> »¦»¦»¦
Ex-Jud^e Phil Lucas of Missouri writes from 13 0 E. Capital St.. "WasMnstoa.
as follows:
• " / was suffering from a severe attack of rheumatism and sciatica, t
t / tried a bottle of Peruna and am still taking it with the besi of re- •
* suits, the sciatica having left me entirely and the rheumatism being •
• so "much better that I am able to write this with but very little pain, *
* whereas before / commenced taking Peruna I could not write at all. *
i ¦ "I also regard it as a vary powerful tonic and renovator of the *
? system. I took the medicine strictly according to the directions on ?
I the wrapper as appficabh to my case." — Phil. Lucas. f
m •»•»»»»« »»«»«»»» »»»»»»«¦» »>»««»»¦» >»«»¦¦»¦ »»?•«»»»
SCIATICA Is nearly always an exhl- tense pain. .-My wife induced me to^try
bition of nervous weakness. It Is Peruna. I was surprised at the results.
neuralgia of the large sciatic nerve In less than ten days I did not have a
and denotes an anaemic or bloodless con- pain In my body.
dition of the nervous system. To enrich "I was a soldier three years ia the ser-
the blood currents and tone up the ner- vice of my country. I went from Atlanta
vous vitality is the only permanent cure to t!ie sea. a-d for many years since
of sciatica. Anodynes and counter irri- have suJTered more or less with neu-
tants often serve as palliatives, but they raleTia. attended with sharp pains In
never cure. - | every part of the body. I have used va-
Peruna cures sciatica by increasing • rious remedies, but never found aay-
the powers of digestion and- thus restor- r thins to compare with Peruaa.
ing- red blood corpuscles to the impover- ! "I can unhesitatingly say to all that
lshed blood. | arc suffering as I did to sse Perurta and
An Old Veteran's Letter. [ convinced of its merits. '" — J. H- Ses-
Mr. J. H. Seiver. Edinburgh. I^i. * *ff you do not receive prompt aad sat is-
wrttes: factory results from the use of Penina.
"I wish to express my gratitude to you write at cace to Dr. Hartman. givtng a
for the benefit I received from your most full statement of your case and he will
wonderful remedy. | be pleased to give yoa h!s valuable ad-
"*About six weeks ago I had a most se- j vice gratis.
vere attack of neuralgia, rather of the j Address Dr. Hartioaa. President of Th*
sciatica type, with which I suffered in- ' Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
This ii a special price and MM^i&k'^W^t f^ul
there is an important feature ;|V, fiTO^'^^^^aX' J\ W^> .
duplicate the sale for some f !^ y^^r^^i^JSpff
The garments are made or -i • \ fi f»v-J(y\^ jgjjdt
extra quality rlannelette and I '? j : ;T it • ¦: rf /#"> fTj&^am
arc cut extremely Ion? and j : i \-*\ \i '•* -\^vX^^j^H
The material is soft in £n- [ jrjt ?r& \fift @r^^
warm. The patterns are light (h-\ 5^; V^'^^^a
colored and white grounds ij_- . '<>^'t£^'%
with in different col-
op pleasingly combined. The ttlH**!^ f' ? 4*'b» - . Tl^^lt'-
nightshirt; are actually worth raL^ } 1-i <* yW;4V^S»OAKLAND, March 16.— A St. Pat
rick's day celebration will be held to
morrow in St. -Anthony's parish, East
Oakland, and in the, evening the fol
lowing programme. will be rendered in
St. Anthony's Hall:.
Instrumental selection; . .
.- -Pupils of Our Lady. of Lourdes Academy.
Opening remarks..' ."..... .-
Chairman of the evening, Hugh Hogan.
Gaelic song, "Eochalll"
MSs.s Loretto Barr, of the Gaelic Choral.
Society, San ' Francisco.
Recitation, "St. Patrick's Day'%:.
. . Pupils of the Academy.
(a) "Clanna Gaedheal - go deo" : . . ... ; . . . . .
(b) "Lamentation for Owen Roe". ...... v
• Mr. Mi Lawless of the O'Carolan
Choral Society of Oakland. • •.
Chorus, "Oh! the- Shamrock"........-. ... •
. Boys^ of St. Anthony's School.'
(a) "Seumus O Brien" . . . . . . . . .". ...........
(b) • "The Kxile' s Lament" ..
Miss Frances O'Uara of the O'Carolan
Choral Society ¦ of Oakland. -
"A Letter From Ireland'.' . . . . . .v .-. ' ¦
. By Leo . Hanley. . . ,
Irish etep dancing .../..v.
• Professor Joseph P. Kelleher. ¦ ¦
"The Day We Celebrate" .
> n«v. • Peter C. Torke. .
- The drama,'. "An- ..Irish, Eviction,"
w.ill be presented to-morrow evening
at the West 'auditorium^ in'
connection with the St. ' Patrick's ; day
celebration of St. Patrick's Church. -
WILL CELEBRATE DAY.
St. Joseph's Society held its annual
entertainment last night at St. Jo
seph's Hall in commemoration of St.
Patrick's ball. The hall, which has
recently been decorated, presents a
very attractive appearance. A large
audience was in attendance, which ap
plauded the different numbers on the
programme with great enthusiasm.
Both professionals and amateurs ren-'
dered selections suitable to the oc
casion. The features included the Al
tleri brothers, comic ¦ trick cyclists,
who proved themselves clever and
amusing; "Billy" Hynes, Francis. H.
Clark in a. monologue and Hazel Kirke
Clarke, singing soubrette. • Others who
participated were Rita McFarland,
Robert Allen, Hazel Callahan, Prosper
Forest, Mrs. Walter Wright, May Han
ley, Mabel Pratt, Joseph Sevelra, Mar
garet McKeon, Mrs. Longbotham, V.
B. St. John, Marie Moitoret,; Rose
Hanley, Mamie and Bob McCarthy, B.
T. Murphy and E. V. Model.
HOLD ANNUAL CELEBRATION.
Local fraternal associations, Sans
Souci Lodge of the Rebekahs in the
lead, have arranged for a compli
mentary entertainment this evening in
Golden Gate Hall to' Mrs. Blanche
Bouvier, who in the past has on many
occasions given her services and dra
matic talent at social functions given
by the various societies. There will be
an entertaining programme of varied
numbers, including a sketch in which
the lady named and E. Moss will take
part The programme will be follow
ed by dancing.
Complimentary Entertainment
WASHINGTON. March ;6.— The Senate to
day In executive session confirmed the nomi
nations of Charles H. Robb to be Assistant
Attorney General and Captain Theodore F.
Jewett to be a rear admiral.
Major John Bigelow Jr. and his
squadron of the Ninth Cavalry had
their innings on the golf links yester
day, to the entire satisfaction of all
concerned. Everything was propitious.
The weather was cool, fresh and clear.
The troops were in fine fettle for the
fray, and the problem exercise was car
ried to a successful issue. Perhaps the
presence of a big crowd of spectators
from town caused the troopers to throw
especial zeal into their work. The pro
gramme began promptly at 8:30 a. m.
Troop X, under command of Captain
John T. Nance and Lieutenant E. H.
Rubottom, entered at the Paciflc street
entrance and took up a station in the
grove near the First avenue entrance
to the post, with the object of acting
on -the< defensive and preventing the
enemy, in the shape of Troops I, L and
M, from passing out of the post by
either the First or Seventh avenue en
trances. In this they were successful,
and by the different positions they as
sumed compelled the attacking troops
to surrender. The beginning of the
fray • was marked by mounted scouts
from ' both sides reconnoiterlng about
the links and adjacent groves. The
attacking troopers, who had quietly ap
proached from the extreme west end of
the r links,'-- had been made conversant
with the "pdsition" that the defensive
troopers had assumed.
FIRE BY PLATOOXS.
Troop I dismounted and crawled up
the hill until they reached the ridge,
when they air fell flat to the ground,
and Captain Young gave the order to
open fire -by platoons oh the enemy,
_who were intrenched behind a one
time bunkers at the east end of the
links. Firing from both sides was' fast
and' furious, blank cartridges being
used.
In the meantime Major Bigelow came
up with Troop L to assist in the at
tack, followed by Troop M in charge
of the ambulances, wagons and pack
train. . ; .
Then the signal was given for a
grand charge.' This was the great ex
citing, event of the day. 'At the bugles*
shrill call to advance sabers flew from
their scabbards and with a ¦ wild yell
the whole force of troopers, followed by
the:; wagons, ambulances and pack
trains, / dashed down . f. the incline at
breakneck speed, hoping to put the de
fensive foes to ; rout and thus secure
passageway into the open. The bold
dash," while a brilliant and inspiring
one" from a* spectacular standpoint, was
not successful from a 1 military point of
view, i as Troop K . had ¦ both : means of
escape " carefully guarded, arid \there
was nothing to do for the attacking
party but to surrender.
FIELD HOSPITAL. DRILL.
, Following the charge came , a field
hospital ; drill. Soldiers ..; supposedly
wounded were brought in by their com
rades v and deposited on van erstwhile
At Baron's Cloak and Suit House, 762
Market street, of arrival of new goods
now on display. • We will make special
offerings of the new spring styles for
Easter. " •
Special Announcement,
Justice of the Peace J. Landell of
Capistrano has fined J.. Lobo and M.
Lobo $40 for shipping undersized craw
fish. Deputy Fish Commissioner Math
ers has arrested C. Carson, superin
tendent of the Oceanic mine at Cam
bria, for dumping deleterious matter
into a stream which flows through the
property. Justice of the Peace Stronjc
of Redding has fined Mos^e Philpott
$25 for shipping deer meat during the
closed season. Philpott had his venison
labeled "Mountain goat."
Game Law Violators Pnnlshed.
Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast ia not ft
song nor a fairy story, it's coffee. •
The Bureau of Engineering reported
that the cost of grading the land deed
ed by* the Spring Valley Company for
the" extension of Nineteenth avenue
from ; Trocader6 "road to Ocean avenue,
including the fencing; of -the .street;
would be $5100." The conditions of the
deed is that the" land is to be used as
a, public; high way.
Th'e. : cost ;of repaying with 'basalt
blocks Folsom street,' from 'Fremont
to Second;' was estimated , 'ait $10,COO," and
of Mission street, from. Second to Third,
at>sn.9oo; • ¦ . . ,;.
The Board . of Works at its meeting
yesterday, directed the Merchants' Ice
and Cold Storage Company to cease
exploding blasts^ foV grading purposes
on its property on the south side of
Lombard street, near. Montgomery, in
cluding'half'of the street in front of
the property. Action was taken on
the complaint of ; James" Guthrie that
the" blasts endanger the lives and prop
erty of the , occupants adjoining the
company's premises.' '. "*->-.,.'
The /board ordered an" inspector to
investigate a 'complaint that the Vul
can Iron WorfcV and the Hendy Ma
chine Works. are 'obstructing the side
walks with machinery, and pipe on
Francisco street. ' ¦
Officer. Beach was, instructed to cause
obstructions maintained by Dyer Bros,
on Second street, between Folsorn and
Bryant, to be removed .forthwith.
The resolution of the Point Lobos
Improvement Club commending . . the
contemplated , change - in the motive
power of the California steam road by
the United Railroads was ; filed. ..
. The latest aspirants for the position
of City Engineer, made vacant by the
resignation of C. E. Grunsky, x are
Charles S. Rogers, Henry Lahdgrehr
and Frederick T. : Newbery, and each
is in hope that he will be appointed, by
the Board of Public Works in the
course of a few days. ,
The place carries with it a salary of
$5000 per year, and considerable.polit
ical pressure is being brought to bear
on Mayor Schmitz, who will have much
to say /lbbut the appointment. . -
. Rogers, who is a : hydraulic engineer
by profession, stands a splendid chance
to secure the coveted plum, although
a vigorous effort is being made on be
half of H. H. Lynch, former superin
tendent of construction for the United
Railroads, by his friends, some of
whom are very influential.
Russell Dunn, Luther Wagoner and
former City Surveyor. C 8. Tllton are
seeking appointment, but with what
hope of su^::ss time alone will tell.
President Schmitz of the Board of Pub
lic-Works says that the reason for the
delay in making the appointment lies
in the fact that it is desired to name
a competent and practical engineer in
view of the important improvements
contemplated under the bond issue and
otherwise.
PROBLEM DRILL
WINS APPLAUSE
MAY BE NAMED
FOR POSITION
"WEL.L. KNOWN CITIZENS WHO ARE PROMINENTLY PLACED ON THE PRO- I
GRAMME OF LITERARY EXERCISES TO BE HELD THIS EVENING AT ME
CHANICS' PAVILION IN HONOR OF IRELAND'S PATRON SAINT.
The duty at 20 per cent amounted
to $2, and this was paid. The animal-;
were then passed over to the Ap
praiser, and hern is the beginning of
the agony, for if he should decide that
because thev have been taught some
tricks on the voyagp their value haa
doubled or trebled for exhibition pur
poses, the animals will be confiscated
and a fine will be imposed upon the
importers.
Ellis A. Holmes, who was recently
appointed chief boarding officer In the
Custom-house, was notified by Cus
toms Collector Stratton yesterday that
his salary would be $1800 per annum
instead of 51600, as heretofore. The
salary of William T. Wenzell. chemist
for the Custom-house, was increased
from $1000 per annum to $1200.-
Three Ifve Russian bears from Har
bin are causing the Custom-house of
ficials some perturbation at present.
They arrived on the steamship Siberia
last Saturday from Harbin with their
owners, a troupe of acrobatic perform
ers. The bears, which are little rrrore
than cubs, cost $7 50 in Harbin, so the
owners say. but in order that there
might not be any difficulty concerning
the value they were entered at the
Custom-house as of the value of $10.
Question of Duty to B«* Settled — Ellis
Holmes and William T. Wenzcll
Have Salaries Raised.
RUSSIAN BEARS ARE 1IKI*D
IX THE CUSTOM-HOUSE
Among those who registered at head
quarters yesterday were Lieutenant
Bess Reese, Lieutenant George McCue,
Lieutenant Robert Dickson and Lieu
tenant Ray Hoover, all of the provi
sional battalion Philippine scouts.
Second Lieutenant Samuel Caldwell,
Philippine scouts, U. S. A., has been
granted leave of absence for one month
on account of disability.
Majc-r Parker W. "West has been an
nounced as ordnance officer, Depart
ment of California, relieving Major Ira
MacNutt.
The transport Logan is scheduled to
sail for Manila April 1. She will take
250 recruits and a number of casuals.
Colonel Thomas McGregor, retired,
yesterday paid his respects tTT-General
MacArthur.
putting ground. Here the first aid to
the injured was administered. Some
of the wounded were on improvised
cots, while others lay on the ground.
Those who had broken legs were tem
porarily supplied with splints made of
gunstocks, while those who had suf
fered from wounds in the head were
bandaged with whatever was conven
ient at the time. Hospital surgeons
soon were on the scene and the wound
ed were placed in ambulances and
started off for the hospital.
Major F. de L- Carrington and his
provisional battalion c-f Philippine
scouts gave a drill yesterday morning
on the parade grounds in front of the
General Hospital building.
SCOUTS LOUDLY APPIiAUDED.
They presented a very snappy ap
pearance arid were loudly applauded
by the spectators for the precise and
careful execution of their difficult evo
lutions. They will be drilled overy
morning, shortly after 9 o'clock.
Major Leonard A. Levering is regis
tered at the Occidental. He Is spend
ing a few dAys in- town visiting old
friends while en route to Oklahoma.
Major Lovering is the possessor of a
medal given him by this Government
for distinguished services while in
Cuba.
The twenty-ninth annual banquet of
the Knights of St. Patrick will be held
this evening at Delmonico's, 112 O'Far
rell street, at 6:30 o'clock.
The annual celebration of the feast
of St. Patrick in St. Paul's parish will
take place to-night in St.- Paul's Hall,
Twenty-ninth and Church streets.
Eustace Cullinan will deliver the ora
tion and there will be shown a num
ber of allegorical tableaux portraying
scenes In Irish history.
Xot least in prom/hence will be the
athletes from universities and various
colleges and schools of the city and
adjacent towns. These young men
have in view the winning of a hand
some cup which Michael Casey will pre
sent the winner In a relay race.
Numerous other events are on the pro
gra'mme.
The literary exercises and ball will
take' place' in the u evening at the Me
chanics* Pavilion and the committee
has been indefatigable in forming a
programme that shall be up to the high
standard of past celebrations of St.
Patrick's day. \h:
Irish airs will constitute a grand
overture for the opening and Thomas
Searey is to deliver the address of the
evening. Richard Manlloyd is on the
programme for the rendition of ever
popular songs of Ireland and Miss Net
tie Waters is to give a sleighbell solo.
Songs will also be rendered by E. D.
O'Sullivan and Bert Murphy. Other
features of the evening will be the drill
by Company D, League of the Cross
Cadets, under command of Captain
McCormack, and a grand ball.
Michael Davitt, one of the most
prominent of Irish leaders, will, it As
expected, deliver an address during the
evening exercises.
St. Patrick's day celebration •will be
gin this afternoon with field games at
the Presidio athletic grounds, Where
sons of Erin will gather in force and
cheer their sturdy brothers, who will
enter the arena to contest for honors
in a hurling match between the Em
mets and the Independents.
Fhrvuld tnis ordinance be adopted It will meet
all the requirements of the original ordinance
and still meet the objections of its opponents.'
It would then be the duty of the Board of Pub
lic TVorks to question Into the character of the
meetings, demanding that they shall be decent
and orderly. Further, they would use their
discretion as to the time and place of such
meetings, seeing to it that no street has more
than one meeting on it, at a time.
There is a number of email streets in the
heart of the city— for Instance, Union Square
avenue — where meetings could be held without
Inconvenience to any one.
Tlie writer submits that this ordinance as
amended could not possibly work an injustice
to any one. but, on the other hand, would be
of great benefit to the public as a whole.
March 15. 1WM. J. W. TREADWELU
The writer has suggested, however, to the
Board of Supervisors that the proposed ordi
nance be adopted with the following modifica
tions: That meetings of every kind are pro
hibited on the public streets and sidewalks of
this city, except by permit Issued by the Board
of Public Works, giving names of speaker or
speakers, time, date and locations of such
me*>ttnes. This ordinance makes the speakers
liable, a* well aE the individuals composing the
crowd.
The streets are presumably thoroughfares —
not ""omrooni or public meeting-places. How
ever it may not be wise to strictly enforce
this principle. Chief ,Wittn\an testifies to the
usefulness of the Salvation Army to - the
public. The good work done by this army Ik
too well- -known to comment upon, and the
writer bellovpg, for one, that It Is very much
to the advantage of this city to encourage and
not to hinder its work: provided, however,
th»y arc reasonable in regard to length of
meetingp. exact locations, etc.
SALVATION ARMY USEFUL.
The need for some restriction as to the time
and plar* and order of such meetings cannot
be deni*l. I grant the right of "free speech."
but contend that it 18 within the power of the
Board of Supervisors to abridge that rirht. In
reason, and believe such a move necessary in
order to protect some constitutional rights
supposed to be enjoyed by the merchants, prop
erty-holders and the general public.
The right of "free epeech" does not entitle
a number of men to hold a noisy meeting In
front of a hospital, for Instance, where peo
ple ar»» dying: neither could a meeting be
held in a public theater during a performance,
nor in a State court while in Eession. There
fore it might to b« clear that the right of
free speech is not absolute and can be regu
lated. This ordinance doer not forbid free
t[,,..-.,ti. but It does forbid crowds to assem
ble which obstruct the streets and sidewalks.
The Salvation Army dectarea that should
the proposed ordinance pass it will hold meet
ings as before, and. if necessary, suffer the
consequences. . 'V- -.--'
Resolution* condemning this proposed ordi
nance have been filed with the- Board of Su
pervisors from nearly every labor union in this
city. » number of cMjrches and so-called so
cialiFtP. Tlje one reason given Is thpt the
ordinance is unconstitutional and •'un-Ameri
can" — claiming that ever}' man has the abso
lute risht to speak at all times on any public
street of this city.
The writer has heard speakers at these meet
ingB declaring that it is their purpose to ruin
the storekeeper and property-holder, as the
present order of things is contrary to their
principles; also condemning our Police Depart
ment and other city offlclals In a ' most dis
graceful manner. In eatc-s where arrests have
been made by the police for violations of the
law. tbe crowds ! assembled liave jeered and
hootfd fo they could be heard for blocks.
LABOR UXIONS OBJECT.
The ordinance introduced in the
Board of Supervisors prohibiting street
meetings in certain districts has met
Avith much opposition .on the ground
that it is in violation of. the right of
free speech. ' There are many, how
ever, who favor its passage, and J. W.
Treadwell, a well-known business man :
believes that with a modification grant
ing the Board of Works the power o£
Usuing permits for " street meetings
justice will be* done to all. Mr. Tread
well gives his views In the following
communication:
Editor of The Call:
CWcI of HoUce Wlttrnan has Introduced, at
tht instigation of a large number of down
town merchants. an ordinance prohibiting
puMic meetings of every kind on certain
crowded streets of this city, and requested
the Board of. Supervisors to pass same.
The . merchants cm Grant avenue claim that
a large number of street meetings are held
nightly on that thorouKhfare, nearly blocking
the street for legitimate traffic: that some of
the meetings are very disorderly, and the
language usori by the speakers is not of the
purest. The merchants assert that the busi
ness on that street haw b#en seriously injured
by these large crowds. Similar complaints have
also ccme from other localities.
Would Have Board of Works
Issue Permits for Gather
ings of Good Character
SUGGESTS MODIFICATION
J. W. Treadwell Thinks Leg
islation Against Street
Meetings Should Prevail
Capital Programme Includes Field Games and Contests in
Afternoon, and Patriotic Addresses and a Ball in Even
ing—Knights of St. Patrick Will Enjoy Annual Banquet
GIVES VIEWS
ON ORDINANCE
ERIN'S SONS AND DAUGHTERS READY
FOR ST. PATRICK'S DAY EXERCISES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, MARCH; 17, 1904.
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ¦
And the greatest shoe sale of the Jo / j/
century will have passed into his- jr** yV^^^^^
tory. ' The greatest for values, the Jb§?i j/£&^^»x§$P
greatest for the number of pairs j4&I^_1/j%p X&^
sold. Thousands have availed >d^P^ Jff
themselves of this opportunity to J^^^^K^^^f
purchase a year's supply of shoes *«g$3$pP^
for the price of one pair. 1^
MUST BE CLOSED OUT
And we will make a special cut
in the prices of short lines on
the bargain connters
THIS WEEK
WE WILL ALSO PUT ON SALE
700 pairs Men's Fine Vici Kid T "00 pairs Ladies' Fine Vici Kid
Lace Shoes; latest style, coin toe, {HK£»S?S fitv le co?n
&1I1:S $2.50 S7 %$&p^ li [50
all widths; this week.. Vfciwv
8oo pairs Men's Genuine Box 1200 pairs Ladies' Fine Vici Kid
Calf Lace Shoes; latest style.. coin Lace Shoes; latest style, coin toe
toe, welted sewed soles; stitched and patent leather tip; hand-turn-
edg^s, single or double soles; ed soles; regular price $.?-5o; all
regular price $3.50; all CO RH sizes « an widths J this \9 Rfl
sizes; this week OZiJU week Q£iUU
These Shoes Are Exactly as Represented or
Your Money Back
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES
Phpfan Rmlriitu? 8!2-8i4 market street
rneidn &uiiain& 9 M cfarfl*, street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tiingloli?
Then youVeed instant attention. You
feel chilly and have frequent sneezing
spells. You'll be surprised at the
amount of good a few doses of Hos-
tetter's Stomach Bitters will do you.
Try to-day. Besides counteracting
Chills, Colds and La Grippe it is also
unequaled for Dyspepsia, Indigestion,
Constipation, Insomnia, Poor Appe-
tite, Dizziness and Malaria. Thou-
sands are using it with great satisfac-
tion. Why not try a bottle?
¦HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
{MUSEUM OF AHATOMYf
Q .Cfe lS511fASriICT.tii.8Tl*7:h,C.r.Cx!. a
\ <3l The Lar»«tAn*totBical Mutcna in the \
Q _,iylil_' World. ¦ w«kr.«in or At.j tontrictcd A
~ r&£?1 * lstM *>»» l »«»»«r«-ttr«Hlbytbcolde»T
0 «k3I 6pecil^«on the Coisl I!lt.36ye»ri. O
1 hVR*h DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN $
i ffdSS^a Coniolutlon free and vnct'.j priratp \
0 i jS«t tf TfMTtaent prnonilljr cr by Inter. A Q
\ fi U- Tl H f—itM* Oiwtin erery c»5«undcrt»kCTu ,\
n P If 11 Si Write for rtiot, FULonopnT *r A
" ¦ II II * MAHalAeit, MAILEO'FKEE. CAT
A ii f\. nhuUt book tot nro) . . \
V nit. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market SL. S. F. V
I A re you a weakling? Are you one of those unfor-
tunate young men who* through ignorance and bad
company, have contracted nervous spells, weak back,
varicocele, gloomy forebodings, loss of courage and am-
bition, loss of confidence, bashfulness, despondency and
weakness? Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt will cure you.
Are you a middle-aged man suffering from varicocele, pre-
matureness indigestion, constipation,' rheumatism, lame back,
etc.? Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt will cure you. \\
ii A v e M- youan old man » declining before your time, having lost II
all ability to enjoy life, with prostatic trouble, lost strength.de- *1
bihty, pains and aches and general decay of organic power's? I H
m can cure you with Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt with free fl
(§ . suspensory for -veak men. p
B :'.]% l wi " send you, sedled. free, my, beautiful book telling about 3
I it if you will send this ad. Send for it to-day. \\
I Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, 906 M^^3 treet I
I. Office hours. 8 A. f M.-to 8:30 R M .; S^ZyV^^f 00 ' I
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
/H&RTEKS
Positively cured by these
I<lttle Pills.
Thry also relieTe Distress from Dyspepria,
Indigestion ar.d Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect resiedy for Dizziness, Xausea, Drcnrfl-
arss, Bad Taste ia the Mouth, Coated Tongue
P*in in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price r
Always Remember tbe Full .Name
*ff jixktive j&roino aj&cmns
CnreSaCddinOneDey. Crtoin 2 Pays
(3. /AjCfrr&WS^* box. 25c
OCEAN TBAVEL.
-<rT?~p;-». Steamers leave Broadway
'^>J^ = ~^9«V "S.arves, X'iers 9 and 11.
/eif San Francisco.
Id / T \F?^5l -A y< -'' Ketrhikan. Wran<«l.
I i WT^K^ l i Juneau. l!iiir.f>, Skagway,
I \ \ W^ii ' j etc. AiafKa — 11 a. m.. War.
W\ V \fif 1. e. 11. lfi. 21. 2«, 31. Apr.
vVv* --« • 5 - Change to company'*
tieamers at Seattle.
"~~ — ""^ For Victoria, Vancouver.
- f»rt Townsend. Prattle Tacoma. Everett. BeU
¦ XJnghiir— 11 a. in.. Mar. 1. V. 11. 16, 21. 26, 31.
iArr. 5. Char.jre at Seattle to this company 1 *
t-teamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seat:l«
cr Taccma to K/ V. Ky.; at Vancouver to C.
r. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt nay)— Pc-recna. 1:30
p. m Mar. B 11. 17. 23. 2». Apr. 4. Spokani.
1:30 p. ciT. Mar. 2. 8. 14. 20. 2ti. Apr. 1.
Fct Ix» Ars£<»le» <vla Fcrt l.oa Anpelea and
Uedondc), San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Flo5a, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thurrilays. 3 a. m.
For J^cs Aneelef <via San Pedro ar.d Kast
Kar Pe<iro). tanta Harbara, Santa Cruz. Mcn-
Irirrej-. Pan Pimeon. Cayucos, Port Har'ord (San
Lsii Oliiepo). Ventura and Hu»neme.
Coos Bey 9 a. m.. Mar. 8. 1<1, 24. Apr. 1.
Bcnlta. 9 a. m.. Mar. 12. 20. 28, Apr. 5.
For En?*na0a, >lagdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. . Mazstlan. Al:ata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
Falia' Ouaymas (Mex.>. 10 ». m.. 7th each
rnontU. For further informatlcn obtain folder.
Uight l» reserved to change steamers cr sailing
S *rz'czST OTTICSS — 4 New Montgom-
ery E t. d'aieco IJ. .•(¦!). 10 Market Et. and Broad-
" way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market st.
C. D. DUX ANN. General PaKsengrr Agent.
10 Market Ft.. San Francfsro.
The rieifle Transfer Co.. 20 ««Uer et. will
c*li for and rheck baKeape from hotels and
reMdencee. Telerhcne Exrhance 312.
AMERICAN LIKE.
Plyraoutb — Chert ourjr — Southampton.
Frcm New Ycrk Saturdays at i«:30 a. m.
Zealand Mar.2fi,l<>:».'»ain !N>w York Apr. 9
fit. L?u1? Apr. 2|Ft. Paul Apr. 10
ATZiAITTIC TR4NSPOBT LINE.
29Tew York — London Direct.
Me^aba Mar. SO. » a. m.
Minnetfnlca Apr. 2. 7 a. m.
JSarquette Apr. S». 9 a. m.
Mianchaha ..Apr. I*, fl a. m.
<">r.ly flrst-clBf* pasypneers carried.
DOMINION I.INE.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Kf-ntlnEton ...Mar. 2<i jPcuthwark Apr. 9
llominion Apr. -2l<~sna(5a Apr. 16
HOLLAND-AMERICA LIME.
New Twln-8cre«r tt-an.ers nf 1^.5<M» Tons.
Hew York — Rotterdam, Via Boulosme.
P«iilir.i! Tnrvde.ys at 10 a. m. .
Nordam Mar. L'-IIPots-dani ..Apr. 5
Statendem Mar. 2UjBotTeidsm .Apr. 12
BED STAR LI5TE.
Kev Ycrk — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York Saturday* at H':4'J a. m.
• Zeelsnd Mar. S*i \ Varifrland ....... Apr. 9
Flnlan'l Air. 2'Krrv>nIand Apr. 16
•WHITE STAB LINE.
Hew York — Qne<saetown — Liverpool.
Paillne WVonc-^dayR.
C^flri'- Mar. 23. ft a. m.lTeutonie. Apr.13.10a.nri.
Mee«l»«..Mar.30.10)i m. I Celtic. .Apr. 15. 5 p. m.
Ocsnif . .Apr.fi. 1ft a.m 'cedric .Apr.2«. m.
Boston — Qneenctown — Liverpool.
Crmrr Ai-r. 21. May \3t. June 16
ReriuMIr >new> Apr. 30. June !>, July T
<~r*-iio .* May 5. June 2 I
BOSTON MEDlTZEKAKEAIf SERVICE. '
Azores, Gibraltar, ZTaples, Genoa. " I
REPUBLIC -new) Mar. 26
ROMANIA Apr. :t. May 14. June 1*
CANOPIC Apr. Z\. May 2S. July 2
C. D. TAYI>OR. pBFi^niter Agent Paciflc Coast.
21 Pc^t St., Pan FranciEco;
" — —^—
, i £^^^ORC& CT G°B»ALTAR?^1,)1
K^aCT.ILRS MAPSEILCfcS, G£f;QAr%i &
£? I.A.t*Uf.S ft At^XAHDRIA.
REPUBLIC <nc») Mar. 2(J
ROMANIC ..Apr. '.t. May U. June 18
CANOPIC Apr. 23. May 28. Julr 2
<£>nd for reten and Illustrated booklet.)
Th*-^e Fteamer* are the larcest In the
M«><lit*-rninpan service.
Fir>t riasf. US upward.
Boston to Liverpool qo^SU.
CRKTIC Mar. 31. May 5. June 2
CYMRIC Apr. 21. May 19, June IB
REPUBLIC < n»u>.. Apr. r,O. June 0. July 7
Firrt clasp. $00 and C5 upward, accord-
.•inc to Ft"j>nier. For nlsr.s. «>te., addre»R
C. r>.- TAYLOR. 2l' Post «., Passenger
A pent Paciflc Coart.
J^arnburg-Jhmerican.
Xl-weekly Twin Screw Service.
For Plymouth. Cherbourjr. Hamfcurtr.
TEE GREAT OCEA2T rLYEB, /
S. S Deutschland;
• C>64fu^Tone— 23>4 knots arerag« speed.
Pail.- Apr. 7. May J 2. June S. July 7.
"VVsldersee Mar. l»,'*Deutiwhland ..Apl. 7
+*Blur<-h^r Mar. 24 Patricia Apl. 9
t*Moltke .? Mar. 31 ne!gravla Apl. 16
Prnnrylvanla ..Apl. 2 A.. Victoria Apl. 21
•Grill mom and tjrjmnaftium on board.
HAiSEUECr-AMEBlCAW MITE.
°f ficpf , -5 and 37 Hroadway. New York.
t HEIUiO<3 A. OO... 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
O. R. <S N. CO.
OREGON sails March IS, 28. April 7. 17. 27
|«a> 7 and 17. GEO. W. ELDER falls March
13, 23. •Asrll 2. 12. 22. May 2 and 12. Onlr
cteamchtp line to PORTLAND. OR., and snort
ratl .line t from ¦ Portland to all poinu East.
Through tickets to all points. * '- Steamer
Uckeu Include berth and raeala. Steamer sails
f o*t of f»oear «t. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Act. Pa**. l>ept.. I Monromery «t.; d
CLIFFORD. Gen. Ajrent Freight Dept.. 3
Monttoraery fct.
S 6. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Mch. 18. 11 a-m.
E. 6. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Kamoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.' Thur., March 24. 2 p. m.
S. 6, ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 2, 11 a.m
il.lfI£CCL.4M81.t8,«|!x..rititinta,64JliJtilB
COyPAGNlE GE5E&ALI TRAH3ATL1HTIQITB.
IPJRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAniS j.^^__
Sailing everr Thursday instead of 4»Kf5fi k
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
Korth River, loot of Morton Et.
Ktrst class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
end class to Havre. $45 and upward., GEN-
KKAL AGENCY. FOR UNITED STATES A.V)
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building)
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Acents^R Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
acaro Iil&na and VaUejo Steanef.
UltulorT GEN. FRIS3IE or" MONTICELLO—
fi:43 a. m.. U:15 and 6:30 p. m..- except Sunday.
:<:-4." u. in., s:30 p. m." Lcav« VaJlejo
7 a. rr... 12:30 and C p. ni. .*¦*.. Sunday. ' Sui,-
<my. 7 a. ra-, *:15 P. m. Fare. 50 cents. Tel
Vain liOS. Pier 2. Misslon-«t. dock. UATCUx PITTSBURG, March 16.— A small
panic at the Alvin Theater to-day, re
sulted from the announcement' that
Virginia Harned refused to appear in
her advertised part." : Fully 2000 peo
ple, *mostly t .women, had been seated
for the performance 'at the usual
"bargain matinee," 50 cents for any
seat in the'house," and when the an
"houncement was made that Miss
Harned; refused to appear before "a
cheap' house ;.a grand rush was made
for; the I box-office to get , their . money
back/ r The theater officials were, pow
erless > to, check the rush. that followed,"
andiinany. women were hurt, 1 but' none
seriously.
Small Panic ut Pittsburg Theater.
DENVER; Colo.. March 16.t— Dr.
James brownlee Sanford. Speaker of
the Colorado House of Representa
tives, died to-day of appendicitis.. He
was, born at Penn Yan, N. Y., thirty
five years ago.
Dr. James B. Sanford Dies.
The San Francisco Athletic- Club
will open the new Woodward's Pavi
lion to-morrow night with a mam
moth amateur boxing carnival. Ten
good bouts are on the card, the com
petitors including some of the fastest
boys in the State. The main event will
be an especially good one, as both
Walter Mareno and Owen Sullivan are
heavy-weights of ability and in. their
previous fights have shown great skill
and gameness. The rest of the bill is
made up of amateur boxers of every
class. This will be a good chance for
all those who intend "witnessing the
Britt-Corbett contest to get a line on
the new ring and seating arrangements
at Woodward's Pavilion.
Fast Amateurs Will Box.
m SHANGHAI, March 16. — The first
rpgrul2r train on the Shantung Rail
road arrived at SInanfu from Sintac
last night, having covered the distance,
252 milc-s, in fourteen hours. The train
"was decorated with a Chinese and a
Gorman flag and had on board a num
ber of Germans. The station at SInanfu
was brilliantly illuminated.
Sinnnfu is the terminus of the Ger
•han railroad at the entrance of Kiao
chau Bay. the naval station of Ger
*r.any in China. Sinanfu is about 215
miles south by cast of Peking.
Paotingfu, the southernmost station
of the railroad running southwest from
Peking, is about ISO miles from Sinanfu.
Therefore, it would seem that at no
distant date Kiaochau Bay and Peking
may be connected by rail.
Death of Dr. Thomas R. Mclnnes.
VANCOUVER, B. C., March 16. —
Dr., Thomas R. • Mclnnes, formerly
Senator from British Columbia and
subsequently Lieutenant Governor of
this province, is dead of heart disease.
He was a pioneer in British Columbia.
GERMAX RAILROAD
- . TO KIAOdHAU BAY j
OPEN TO TRAFFIC
The Santa Fe overland last night
brought to this city the much looked
for witnesses for the prosecution in
the case of Mrs. Cordelia Botkln,
whose second trial on a charge of
murdering Mrs. John P. Dunning by
sending her poisoned candy to Dela
ware, has recently begun. In the par-,
ty, which came West in charge* of De
tective E. B. McVey of Dover, were
John P. Dunning, the well known
war correspondent and husband of the
murdered woman; the Misses M. . A.
and Elizabeth Dunning, J. D. Deane
and Miss Leila Deane, all of whom
register from; Philadelphia; Ethel J.
Wellington, Lizzie L. Kemp, H. CwPen
nington, L. H. N. Bishop, Dr. and
Mrs. P. L. v Downs, Miss Bateman of
Dover and, Dr. and Mrs. T. R.- Wolf of
Newark, N. J.
The party was met at the ferry de
pot by carriages and driven to the Oc
cidental Hotel, which will be the
headquarters of ; the witnesses during
their stay in: this city. .
Further than a statement 'that they
had had an uneventful trip'-the-mem
bers of the party declined to be inter
viewed regarding the case In "which
they are to testify.
In Party Are the Husband aud the
Relatives of the Late Mrs.
J. P. Dunning.
WITNESSES IN BOTKIN
MURDER CASE ARRIVE
SANTA CRUZ, March 16.— Otis Ash
ley, a pioneerand octogenarian, died this
morning at his home at Felton, where
he has resided for the last fifty years.
He was born in New York and came to
Santa Clara in 1846. He was 84 years
of age and of late years has lived in re
tirement. In early days he was en
gaged in the sawmill business.
Santa Crux Pioneer Dies.
Impressive ceremonies marked the
funeral of the late William G. Badger
yesterday afternoon. At Grace Church,
where "the services were conducted, a
large concourse of friends assembled
shortly after 2 o'clock and the audi
torium was filled when the strains of
the funeral march announced the ap
proach of the cortege.
Bishop Nichols conducted the ser
vices, assisted by the Rev. Dr. Mc-
Clure. A tenor solo, "Be Thou Faith
ful Unto Death," was rendered by Al
fred Wilkre . and the Grace Church
quartet sang four selections, "Crossing
the Bar," "Lead Kindly Light," "Good
Night" and "Abide With Me." Both
Bishop Nichols and Dr. McClure de
livered addresses in keeping with the
life of the deceased and the services
closed with benediction. The body
was then taken. to the I. O. O. F. Cem
etery, where it was cremated. At the
cemetery- the services were conducted
under 1 the auspices of Templar, Lodge,
I.'.O. O. F. The pall bearers were
Pelham Ames, . Henry L. '. Davis, Col
onel A. S. Hubberd, N. D. Hudson, E.
B. Holladay, S. W. HoHaday, E.. A.
Belcher, ex-president of the Sons of
Vermont; Charles Webb Howard, W.
A. Grubb', W. B. B.'Ingalls, J. J. Ma
honey and P. S. Teller. .
The escort from the California Com
mandery consisted of M. E. C. Thomas
Brown and other officers of 'the com
inandery. The escort for the Exempt
Firemen consisted of N. D.' Hudson,
J. J.' Mahoney,. J. , J. Gullfoyle, James
Grady, James O'Dqnnell. N. Wheeler,
D.-A. Finn. C. B. *McFarland, 'James
Smith, S. S. Cohn and J. .Nengle. ' *
Funeral of the Late William G. Bad
ger Attended by Throng of Rep- .
: : '-.<. I resentatlve Citizens.
MANY HONOR MEMORY
OP DEPARTED PIONEER
BERKELEY. March 16.— Mrs. Jane
McClane, .wife of the late Supervisor
\V. S. McClane and one of the oldest
residents of Alameda County, died at
her. home, 1614 Woolsey street, to
day at the age of 82. Mrs. McClane
leaves two sons and a daughter. The
McClane family was widely known
several years ago. While they lived
on San Pablo avenue, near Forty
fifth street, they entertained very ex
tensively and enjoyed a reputation for
hospitality. ' *
Death of Mrs. Jane . MeClane.
LONDON. March 1«.— George R. Parkin,
representing the trustees of the will of th»
late Cecil Kbodes. nallcl for New Tork trvday
from Southampton on the North German Lloy 1
steamer Kaiser Wllhelm der Grosse in conn-r
tlon with the holdlner of examinations in tlis
I'nited States and Canada for Rhodes scholar
»hl?s at Oxford.
"WASHINGTON, March 16. — The
Navy Department has published a re
port from Admiral Evans in which he
Invites attention to the records made
on the recent trip of the battleship
end cruiser sauadrons from Yokohama
to Honolulu and thence to Cavite. The
admiral says:
"During the run from Yokohama to
Honolulu the seas were the worst I
have ever experienced, practically
throughout the entire run. The weather
conditions from Honolulu to Cavite
¦were better.* During this run of 8500
miles to Cavite no repairs or overhaul
ing were done on the engines of any
vessels by any outside force. The speed
maintained by the battleship squadron
from Yokohama to Honolulu was
twelve and one-half knots. The battle
ship squadron arrived in Cavite after
this run in as good condition as when
it started out from Yokohama, and
ready for any service that it might be
called to perform."
SPLENDID RECORD
3IADE BY ADMIRAL
EVANS' WARSHIPS
To-night at 8:30 Miss Florence
Mayer will become the bride of. Joseph
A. Sheldon, the clever clubman and
raconteur. The ceremony will be
quietly performed at the Eddy-street
home of the bride" by Dr. Leavitt of the
Unitarian Church. The bride, a young
woman of fine style and. personality,
has but recently, returned from an ex
tensive European trip. .
The Indian tea at the home of Mrs.
George Law Smith, 2226 Jackson street,
on the afternoons and evenings of Fri
day and Saturday— the Animals' Refuge
beneficiary — is to be the smartest
philanthropic affair of the week.
Indian stunts, in Indian garb, in Indian
tepees, will constitute one—only one—
of the alluring features,* flanked
splendidly by an exhibition of basketry,
blankets, beadwork, etc.
The admission fee Is 60 cents, with
special rates for children on Saturday
afternoon. Here is a splendid motive —
likewise are the attractions seductive —
for we all, little and big, love to see
the savage Sioux, or the hungry Hia
watha, In their native wigwams— minus
their scalping steels, of course; and
therefore everybody's going to that
"pow-wow."
And now will the political fever wax
warm as the April days glide by, for
the destiny of the club is dependable
upon the deeds of that. second day of
May, and the standard toast at the tea
table is, "May the next administration
be as pacific and progressive as the one
now unhappily passing."
The second ticket is as follows: Presi
dent Mrs. J. W. Orr: first vice presi
dent, Mrs. Sara Reamer; second vice
president, Mrs. Dorothy Harnden; di
rectors—Mrs. Aaron Schloss, Mrs. F. L.
Strickland, Miss Susanne Patch, Mrs.
C. Mason Kinne, Mrs. J. D. Sibley, Mrs.
N. I. Marion, Miss Laura Musto and
Mrs. Lioren Barnes."
The following will make up the first
ticket: President, Mrs. A. R. Cotton;
first vice president, Dr. Dorothea
Moore; second vice president, Mrs. A.
W. Scott: directors— Mrs. Arthur
Cornwall, Mrs. Virginia Bradley, Mrs.
Charles Warren, Mrs. J. J. Scovell,
Mrs. E. P. Schell, Mrs. C. L. Hovey,
Mrs. Horace Coffin and Mrs. H. H. Fas
sett.
The nimble ballots of the California
Club— all that were in the little black
box by 2:30 o'clock on Tuesday— are
counted, and let it be announced afar
that no Denver political tricks entered
here, and peace; sweet peace, reigned
supreme. From the decisions of that
day will be made the two tickets from
which on May 2 the officers will be
elected. And now comes the real strug
gle.
By Sally Sharp.
LOS ANGELES, March 16, — State
Senator Fred M. Smith returned home
to-night and found his wife dead in
her bedroom. She had been dead several
hours, and th<* < fact that- in another
room was found her . untouched
luncheon leads to the belief that she
died before noon. The features were
much dlscorored, but there was nothing
to Indicate that there had been any
struggle or convulsions. It Is believed
that the cause of death was either
heart disease or apoplexy.
When her husband left home Jhls
morning his wife was in an unusually
cheerful frame of mind, and they
planned to spend the evening at the
home of friends. He did not go home
to lunch, but agreed to come to an
early dinner. "When he reached the
house he found his wife's body on a
bed, and the shock so prostrated him
that he is under the care of a physi
cian to-night.
Mrs. Smith was a sister of A. D.
Shepherd, formerly general freight
agent of the Southern Pacific, now
manager of the Pacific Improvement
Company. She was well known and
very popular In many cities of the
State, particularly in San Francisco
and Sacramento, and such other places
as her husband's official duties from
time to time required his presence. In
Sacramento she was, during sessions of
the Legislature, a leader in the social
set composed of members of the law
making body and was personally
known. to most of the members of both
houses.
The continued attacks of the Japan
ese have compelled the steady occupa
tion of the Liaotung Peninsula. The
last bombardment of Port Arthur ren
dered every part of the fortress of Port
Arthur unsafe. Residents assert that
fragments cf Japanese shells fell every
v here, and that some railway coaches
and buildings were destroyed, though
most of the damage on the shore was
Unimportant.
I* Foreigners choosing to remain in the
interior must now sign an agreement
"restricting their movements and stipu
lating that a special pass is necessary
svhen leaving their bounds.
The chief movement on the Fungr-
Trangcheng military road Is the dis
patch of riders to and from the Rus
eian advance forces.
A creditable native arrived here to
day bringing a report as late as March
12 from Fuagwangcheng to the effect
that the main body of the concentrated
Russian forces had crossed the Yalu,
leaving small bodies of troops at An
tnng to gi:ard the river. A fortnight
ego a few spies visited Antung, but
eir.ee then no Japanese have been seen
west of the Yalu.
YINKOW, March 16.— The only reli
able reports at the present moment
from the main Manchurian cities enow
a quiet movement along the railway,
and such cities as Mukden, which are
off the main line, are undisturbed and
rot in possession of definite news of
outside events.
3IAEX" RUSSIAN
FORCE IS NOW ON
SOIL OF KOREA
American capital is heavily invested
in tobacco manufacturing in Japan, and
the creation of a monopoly means its
early and complete exclusion.
The Cabinet after a conference with
the elder statesmen and other'politlcal
leaders has .decided to submit proposals
for the extension fo the tobacco mo
nopoly to include manufactured tobacco
and the creation of a salt monopoly to
a special session of the Diet convening
on Friday next. This would involve a
heavy outlay for the purchase of pri
vate tobacco manufacturing concerns
and the salt interests, but the advisers
of the Government regard the expendi
ture at this time as wise. The Cabinet
has also decided to suggest increases in
land income, business, wine, soy, sugar,
stock exchange, miners, customs duty
and stamp taxes, and in addition the
creation of new taxes upon silk piece
goods, kerosene and woolens — an esti
mated total increase amounting to 6S,
000.000 yen.
The war expense^ from the com
mencement of hostilities to the end of
March are estimated at 156,000,000 yen,
divided as follows: IOS.000,000 yen for
the army and 47,000,000 yen for the
navy. Of this sum only 50,000,000 yen
has actually been disbursed, including
the payment for the cruisers Nlsshin
and Kasaga, purchased abroad. The,
Government plans to meet the expendi
tures to the end of March with 100,000,
000 yen from exchequer bonds just sold.
25,000,000 yen from the special funds
and 31,000,000 yen to be raised by a tem
porary loan.
The expenditures on account of the
war from April next to December, in
clusive, are estimated at 3SO.000.000 yen,
besides a special war reserve of 40,000,
000 yen. The Government plans to meet
these expenditures by the issuance of
280,000,000 yen in exchequer bonds, 68,
000,000 yen in war taxes, 7,000,000 yen
balance on ordinary annual receipts
and 25,000,000 yen from special fund.
The foreign branches of the Yoko
hama Specie Bank report subscriptions
for the first issue of bonds totaling
850,000 yen. These bonds were . largely
subscribed for in the Hawaiian Islands
and San Francisco.
TOKIO. March 16.— Tokio is unadvised
regarding the naval plans and move
ments of the Russians and is in doubt
whether the remnant of their fleet still
is at Port Arthur or is en route to
Vladivostok. Late this afternoon a tel
egram reached the Navy Department
saying that seven Russian ships have
been reported as passing Fort Lazareff.
The report was not circumstantial. It
did not give the character of the ships
or the direction in which* they were sail
ing. It is expected that the Japanese
by their activity will speedily deter
mine the whereabouts and Intentions of
the Russians.
United States Minister Griscom called
upon Prime Minister Komura to-day
and renewed his representations con
cerning American interests affected by
the proposal of the Japanese Govern
ment to extend the tobacco monopoly
so as to include manufactured tobacco.
He urged the fair treatment of Ameri
can interests and adequate compensa
tion in the event., of a monopoly being
created. It is understood that Komura
gave him satisfactory assurances.
TICKETS ARE
MADE UP BY
CLUB WOMEN
The Russians are indignant over the
conduct of an Englishman who had
lived in Vladivostok, who cheered the
Japanese troops.
The passengers brought evidence
that the Japanese had worked out a
plan of campaign and fixed a date for
the commencement of operations at
least two weeks 'before hostilities be
gan. - .
Another passenger of the steamship
Argun, captured by the Japanese off
the coast of Korea on February 7. and
taken to Sasebo, who returned here
yesterday, declares that he saw two
damaged warships towed into Naga
saki on February 26, one being the
Asuraa and the other a cruiser, said
to be a flagship, having a heavy list. .
Other passengers on the Russian
merchant vesesl captured by the Jap
anese warships arrived here to-night
from Japan. In the course of inter
views these passengers claimed that
they observed gerieral drunkenness
among the Japanese troops, though
the sailors maintained an excellent
bearing. They report that the Japan
ese cavalry makes a pitiaWe appear
ance, the horses being small and weak
looking.
PORT ARTHUR, March 16.—Every
thing is quiet here. There is no sign
of the enemy. Advices from Fung
wangcheng. about forty-five miles
northwest of WIJu, say the Russian
troops are showing admirable spirit in
surmounting the difficulties and hard
ships cf the mnrch over the frozen
tracts of East Manchuria,
DEATH COMES
SUDDENLY TO
MRS. F. M. SMITH
PARIS, March '16.— The Temps cor
respondent at St. Petersburg asserts
that a Russian army corps is descend
ing, from Vladivostok toward Korea.
He adds that Port Arthur ha3 a garri
son of 30,000 men and is provisioned for
a year.
The Russian Ministry of Marine, the
Temps correspondent further asserts,
claims that Japan's losses since the
opening of the war are four cruisers
and five torpedo-boat destroyers and
the machinery of a 12,000-ton battleship
seriously damaged.
i The correspondent concludes his de
spatch by asserting that the concen
tration of Russian troops at Mukden
and Harbin is considered as terminat
ing the danger from a Japanese land
ing in the northern part of the Bay of
Korea.
Lull in War Game
in Vicinity of
Port Arthur.
Russian Corps Is
Advancing From
Vladivostok.
Japanese Fail to
Locate Foe's
Warships,
"Gentlemen, all Europe now realizes
that Russia tried to avoid war and to
obtain a peaceful settlement. Many of
the powers strove also to attain this
end, but Japan forced the war, in
fringing all international law. Gentle
men, you will be able in the Far East
to see how Russia observes humane
and correct conduct during war."
The Grand Duke Cyril arrived at
Port Arthur yesterday and -will serve
as the first officer of the battleship
Petropolavsk.
The Emperor to-day, receiving the
German attaches Lanenstem and Teat
ta, who are to* leave for the front on
March 18, said among other things:
The Emperor and his brother, the
Grand Duke Michael, heir-presumptive
to the throne, wearing naval uniforms,
visited Galon! Island to-day and in
spected the battleships Borodino, Orel
and Andrew. They were accompanied
by the Grand Duke Alexis, high ad
miral, and Admirals Avelan and Ri-
Jestvensky. Captain Seberiannlkoff re
ceived the august visitors on board th*
Borodino, which the Emperor inspect
ed, minutely examining the arrange
ment of her guns and torpedo tubes
and manifesting especial interest In
the stoutness of her armor. He ex
amined the guns already on board the
Orel. The Andrew is so little advanced
in construction that she was not in
spected by the Emperor. His Majesty
conversed with the dockyard employes
and told them their work would soon
be finished, requested them to exert
their best efforts and promised to re
peat his visit in a month.
Great crowds greeted the Emperor on
his arrival and departure. He will go
to the new admiralty yard to-morrow
and later in the weeK to the Baltic
works.
The Government is building some
armored trains for use on the Manchu
rian railroad, after the model of those
ueed by the British in South Africa.
They will not be employed so much on
account of the fear that the Japane'se
may cut the road as for their moral
effect on the Chinese robbers, who may
become emboldened by the war. It is
believed that when the bandits see the
iron monsters they will not come near
the railroads. • •
The Russ prints a long leading article
controverting a series of articles in the
Novoe Vremya claiming that the war
was brought on by the machinations of
the Jews in revenge for the Kishenev
occurrences, declaring that the Novoe
Vremya's contention is absurd and
scoring the latter for sowing race
hatred at such a critical time. ,
Komanroff, the leader of the Pan-
Slavists, replies in the Svet to the
statements recently made by Kurlno,
the former Japanese Minister in St.
Petersburg, declaring that Japan was
solely to blame for the war, "the polit
ical savages of Japan having ensnared
their country in this wild adventure."
The Novisti prints an article by an
expert to prove the feasibility of the
Baltic fleet making the northern pass
age by the way of the Bering Straits to
Join the Pacific squadron in the spring.
A military expert in the Russky In
valid contends that the Japanese ac
tion in covering their forces at Ping
yang-, Korea, and at their bases, Che
mulpo, Chenampho and Seoul, means
that detachments have moved out along
the Velllmkang, which may be com
pared to a miniature Tugela River. A
number of these detachments, it is
added, have crossed the Vellimkang at
Panchen. eight miles from Anju.
INSPECTS NEW WARSHIPS.
The reports of the abandonment of
Port Arthur continue to arouse the bit
terest resentment, the papers denounc
ing the story as a stock - Jobbing
scheme. One paper remarks:
"Let other countries be fed on such
tale*, but while Russian blood is flow-
Ing they should not allow the people
to be disturbed by such falsehoods. The
official telegrams are believed and
trusted by every one."
Bun/Drva armored trains.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 16.—Cap
tain Ivkov of the Manchurian commis
sariat service has been summarily
court-martialed and shot for acting as
a spy in the pay of the Japanese. When
arrested on suspicion of espionage doc
uments found in Ivkov's possession left
no doubt of the truth of the 'charges
that he had long been revealing" mili
tary secrets to the Japanese. The tragic
story became public through a simple
announcement in the army Journal to
day that Ivkov had been excluded from
the service.
The Czar ie supposed to have ap
pealed to him to end the war because
he is of the opinion that Germany!
being allied to neither belligerent, has
a better prospect of success than either
France or England, and his personal
wish to put an end to hostilities is
coupled with the fear of internal
dissension and trouble In the Balkans
and the certainty of eventual financial
difficulties.
It is 6ald that Emperor William la
convinced of the advantage which
would accrue to Germany should she
eucceed In bringing th« war to a speedy
conclusion.
£r- r 'si Cat'.* to Th« Call and K«w York
Herald. Copyright. ISO*, by the New York
Hers Id Publishing Company.
BERLIN, March 16. — A persistent
rumor Is circulating In court and offi
cial circles that the German Emperor
ts£ been sounded by the Czar as to
¦whether he would be inclined to give
fcls aid to putting an end to the war
la the Far East by personal or Inter
national mediation. Though for the
moment he will do nothing beyond
Settling the pulse of Europe, he will not
In his incidental Interviews with the
sovereigns of Spain, Portugal and Italy,
during his Mediterranean cruise, al
together ignore the subject. Though It
is expected the Russian Government
vrould officially refuse to consider the
Question of Intervention at the present
moment and until after the first bat
tle, whether she wins or loses the Em
peror mlgrht come forward with, pro
posals of mediation.
"The Norwegians Insist that before
they sailed the Russians steamed out
to make a dash for Vladivostok, leav
ing in the harbor only the Retvizan.
the Cesareviteh and the Sevastopol.
The latter is In the dock, having been
damaged by two shells.
"During the bombardment the Rus
sians did not return the Japanese fire,
except the cruisers Novik and Bayan,
which steamed out, with bands playing,
in an attempt to rescue the Russian
torpedo-boats. The crews cheered as
the 'forlorn hope* steamed out. The
cruisers returned .an hour later un
damaged.
"When the Norwegians left the on!y
vessels in the harbor were two trans
ports, four small merchantmen, one
whaler and the hospital ship Mongolia.
Japanese shells hit the Mongolia, kill
ing six persons. The Japanese carefully
aimed to damage the docks."
"One thousand five hundred Cossacks
have been arriving daily since the
bombardment and Viceroy Alexieff and
Admiral Makaroff have Issued en
couraging proclamations. There han
been a marked Improvement in the dis
cipline at Port Arthur since Makarofl'o
arrival. The repairs to the damaged
warships have been carried on with
speed. The' Retvizan and Cesareviteh
are reported to be hopeless wrecks.
DASH FOR VLADIVOSTOK.
"The inhabitants were panic-stricken.
Many took shelter in rude bomb proofs.
A shell exploded in the midst of a
throng of spectators on a hill, who
were watching the enemy, and killed
twenty-five persons. Three Govern
ment clerks were killed while fleeing
from the port admiral's office.
"The highest fort at the entrance to
the harbor was the worst damaged.
There was one tremendous explosion
at the Tribunda, blowing up the. maga
zine and arsenal. The sailors were un
certain as to its location.
"A two-funneled cruiser anchored
near the Retvlzan, probably the Diana,
was struck on the water line and set
afire. Eight on board perished.
"The Russians sank five old steam
ships at the entrance to the channel, in
line with the lighthouse, reducing, the
navigable way to the channel to less
than 300 feet. The channel Is marked
out by buoys.
"During the engagement desperate
work was executed under Japanese fire.
The day after the bombardment five
warships steamed out of the harbor to
scout for the Japanese fleet. It had
been rumored that twenty-five Japa
nese warships were .steaming to Port
Arthur to deliver a last attack. The
consequent panic was allayed when the
scouts returned and reported that the
coast" was clear.
- "The food supply Is abundant and
there are no signs of an evacuation.
"As the Argo lay alongside the Ret
vizan in the harbor a Japanese shell
exploded on the deck of the Russian
battleship, killing nineteen officers and
men. The crews of the merchantmen
in the harbor deserted and fled to the
promontory.
"The greatest damage inflicted by the
Japanese bombardment was in the new
town, where the shells played great
havoc. Practically all the business
buildings on the main street were de
molished and scarcely a residence was
left unharmed. The Japanese fire was
marvelously accurate.
NON-COMBATANTS PERISH.
LONDON. March 17.— A cablegram to
the Daily Mail from Shanghai says:
"The Norwegian steamships Brand,
Argo and Seirstad left Port Arthur on
Sunday night and arrived here to-day.
Before sailing the captains were taken
into the port and compelled to swear
not - to reveal what had occurred. I
have, however, obtained these authentic
particulars from members of the crews
of the vessels, which had been char
tered by the Russian Admiralty to
transport coal, of what occurred during
the last bombardment:
Special Dispatch to The Call
An order which will tax the capacity
of the Steyr factory evidently means
many hundreds of thousands of guns.
It is feared that the acquisition of mod
ern arms by the Chinese army will lead
to a greater strain upon the Empress
Dowager's desire to maintain the neu
trality bespoken by Secretary Hay.
The State Department is willing to
give considerable time and probably
approval to any suggestions coming
from Minister Conger or United State*
Consul Miller af Xewchwanjr respect-
Ing the detention of the United State?
gunboat Helena at that place, provided
it is made to appear that by remaining
the ship can give necessary protection
to American lives and property there.
Otherwise the State Department will
make no request to have the Navy De
partment's instructions to withdraw
the ship repealed.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON. March 16.— This Gov
ernment was brought close to a realiza
tion of the "yellow peril" to-day hy of
ficial information that China is pur
chasing vast Quantities of modern fire
arms. The fear was expressed in many
quarters that once the Chinese have
modern breech-loading rifles in their
hands they- will realize the immense
power of their 400,000,000 population
and will give rein to their natural
hatred of foreigners.
The Information, which caused the
State Department officials more uneasi
ness than they would admit, was con
tained in a report to the Department
of Commerce and Labor from B. H.
Warner, United States Consul at Leip
zig. Germany, which says:
"The Waffenfabrik at Steyr. Austria.
has just received an order through a
Berlin house for a large number of
small arms for the Chinese Govern
ment. Such a quantity of rifles has
been ordered that it will take the Steyr
factory several years to fill the same.
even with the additional force of men
to whom It has recently given employ
ment."
i The plenipotentiaries of the powers
at Peking following the Boxer outbreak
¦ Insisted upon the insertion in the pro
tocol signed on September 7, 1901, of
this provision:
"China has agreed to prohibit the Im
portation into its territory of arms and
ammunition, as well as of materials
exclusively used for the manufacture
of arms and ammunition."
PROHIBITION > HAS IiAPSED.
The prohibition *ja.s, however, limited
to two years from August 23, 1901.
The period was not extended, al
though the Russian Government, which
had held that the period of prohibition
should be ten years, addressed prac
tically all of the powers on the danger
of permitting unrestrained importation
of arms to China. These representa
tions met with indifference from prac
tically all of the powers, including the
United States. Congressional action
would have been necessary for this
Government's action. Secretary Hay
was disinclined to recommend it. even
though urged to do so many times by
Count Cassinl, the Russian Embas
sador.
The protocol provides for a renewal
of the period of prohibition two years
at a time in case of a necessity recog
nized by the powers. Action to this
end may now be taken by the powers.
The Steyr factory is probably the
largest small arms factory in the
world. It has built guns for nearly
every nation of Europe. It supplied
the German army with the service rifle,
which is considered a highly effective
military weapon.
ENDANGERS NEUTRALITY.
Ppeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Guilty of Selling
War Secrets to
Japanese.
Scores Are Killed
by Japanese
Shells.
Would Welcome a
Proposal to
End War.
Trouble May Fol
low Arming of
Mongols.
enemy. .
Russia is reported to be moving an army corps from Vladivostok toward Korea, while dispatches from
the Xcwchwang district indicate that the Russians have taken up strong positions in well fortified towns
thereabouts, Including Ashan Shan, where the Japanese army concluded its advance during its war with
China, / ,
Much alarm has been caused by news that China has placed an enormous order for modern rifles
with a European factory. So great is the order that it will require years to fill it.
The Tokio correspondent of a Paris newspaper claims to hav reliable authority for the statement
the Japanese army advancing through Korea consists of 70,000 men; that another army of the same strength
has landed at Gensan and will sail thence to a destination at present not revealed, and that the mobiliza
tion of a third army began on March 7. Japan will have in the field 210,000 men.
MakarofT, the new commander of Russia V naval forces in the Far East, is a veritable "man of mys
tery." Tokio advices state that Japan is still unable to locate the Port Arthur fleet and is uncertain, as
to whether it has left the harbor. Since the recent bombardment of Vladivostok, the Russian Vladivostok
squadron lias not been heard from, and there is a possibility that some Joint coup is being attempted by
the two naval forces.
Port Arthur's situation continues to be serious, but rumors of Russia's alleged intention to abandon
her stronghold are again denied, the St. Petersburg newspapers being particularly bitter in denouncing
those with whom the reports originated and attributing stock jobbing motives to the fabrications.
From Port Arthur comes a bulletin declaring that all is quiet there and that there is no sign of the
From the Far East come indications that the great armies are slowly but surely advancing and that
the first decisive land battle is not far distant. The main Russian force has crossed the Yalu and taken
up a position in Northwestern Korea. •
Czar Is Said to
Favor Kaiser's
Mediation.
Tremendous Havoc
Is Wrought at
Port Arthur.
Russian Traitor in
Manchuria Is
< Shot
"Yellow Peril" Is
Alarming This
Government.
FEATURES OF THE GALL'S WAR NEWS
CHINA PLACES IMMENSE CONTRACT FOR MODERN RIFLES IN GERMANY
THE" SAN FRANCISCO CALT; THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1901.
A slight cold neglected will often
bring on* serious trouble and should be
carefully avoided whenever possible by
using a gas heater in damp weather from
San Francisco Gas & Electric Co., 415
Post strecf^SSTil^aj^^^SSraSBttiJB
: SANTA ROSA. . March 16. — As the result .of
a circular letter sent out. by the District At
torney a few,. weeks ¦ aso the ¦¦; slot machines
went out of commission in Sonoma County,to
day. No opposition upon the part; of the deal
ers will be made, as far as the, coin 'machines
are concerned, but the cigar men will test. the
taw. by. an- agreed . >ulU%£&anliiHNMM
Discontinue Use of Union Label.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., March 16. —
The use of the union label has been
discontinued by more than thirty of
the large wholesale clothing manufac
turing firms of this city. The manufac
turers say 'they are disgusted, at" the
attitude of the unions and refuse to be
dictated to. any longer.
The trial of Nicola Crudo on the
charge of murder was resumed before
a jury In Judge Lawlor's court yes
terdaj' morning. He is accused of
=hooting and killing Prospero Migalo
at Grwn and Kearny streets. Nearly
nil day was talcen up In the examina
tion nnd cross-examination of Antonio
Dematti, who wfcs walking home with
the defendant at the time of the
shooting.
Crudo Murder Trial Proceeds.
BAKERSFIELD. March 16 —The Chi
cago National League baseball team
was defeated by a score of 3 to 2 in a
ten-Inning game to-day against the
Portland nine of the . Pacific Coast
League, which is training in tbiscity.
Cliicago Team Defeated.
5
DR. PIEKCE'S BEMEDIES.
Whea the life of Mrs. Ruff -was
hanging in the balance she used
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription
and was restored to health. Her ex-
perience made her the firm friend of
the medicine that enred her.-
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription
has no equal in its cures of womanly
disease. It establishes regularity,
dries the drains that weaken women,
heals - inflammation and ulceration
and cures female weakness. • i
"Fire year* ago ¦when my life was bans',
in; in the balance. Dr. Fierce'a Favorite
Prescription was brought to my ¦ home."
writes Mrs. Caroline Rufi; Director of Ger-
man Orphan's Home, residing at 33a Row««
na Street. Detroit, Mich. "I tooktt. and.
it won me back to health. Ever since that
time. I have been its firm friend. We fl"e-
qnently have mothers come to onr 'Home'
who are suffering with uterine tronbleajn-
flammatfon, tumors and ulcerauona. Oar
great remedy for a female trouble is Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription, and we have
found nothinj so far which would so quick.
ly cure the disease, relieve inflammation
and stop pains. It is a good mead to
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser, in paper 'covers, is sent
free on receipt of ai one-cent stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Ad-
dreaa Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N.Y.-OAKLAND, March -16. — The resi
denoft of H..S. Gardner. 1314 Eighth
street, was entered. Tuesday morning
by a burglar, who stole $100 worth of
jewelry. .
i Burglar Steals Jewelry.
Funeral of Cyrus Dam.
OAKLAND. March 16:— The funeral
of Cyrus Dam, who died \in:Marysville
last Sunday, was held- to-day fronvCal
yary;Baptist Church,: : the service, being
conducted by; Rev.* Mr. Slaughter*. IThe
pall-.bearers were: H. * Garth walte'.J.
C. Caldwell. B. S. Tower. H^CV.OUbert.
A- C- Ralston and S.'A.\ Green. ''-:. '¦ ¦>
> PALLS (THREE STORIES.— Samuel Mans
field,-a workman 'employed at the new Fair
mont Hotel, fell thre« etorles : yesterday"-' a*nd
sustained a dislocation cf the risbt shoulder.
OAKLAND, March 16.— Mrs.. Lizzie
Schwitter paid a $20. fine in the Po
lice" Court to-day for "the fun she en
joyed in hurling dlshpans and other
kitchen utensils through the' ; windows
of James Little's residence, 2204 Mar
ket street." , ~
Window Smishing ' Expensive.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Stmr Coquille River, Sanford, 62 hours from
San PedrO. l-\
. SAILED.
.Stmr G C I.lndauer,' Allen, Grays Harbor.
OUTSIDE B6UNOIN.
March 16. 12 p m—Schr Ida McKay and a
barkentlne. > •
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKKLET— Arrived March lft—
Sehr James RolDh,hktn: Jane L Stanford and
schr Antelope; from Port .Towneend.
•>*•':•- FOREIGN PORTS.' "
VICTORIA. *B. C— Arrived March HJ-^-Ger
•Ucr . Anubla. .from - Seattle, mi I li IBIflfiKiHfPTfT
OAKLAND, March 16.— The fol
lowing marriage licenses were issued
by the County Clerk to-day: John
Kenney, 25, and Alice CroHey, 21".
both of Oakland; Cyrus C. Walker,
over 21, San Francisco,, and Emma C.
Neil, over 18, Alameda; Anthony F.
Barry, 45, and Emma S. Lemon. 35,
both of San Francisco: Georce. Mil
ler, over, 21, and Gertrude Miller, over
li, both of San Frahcisco.*o 1 f : . '
Mnrriase Licenses.
OAKLAND, March 16.— Police
Judge Mortimer Smith. _to-day^-'sus
pended judgment in the case of -Mrs.
Annie McKechnie, the divorced v wife
of Captain McKechnie of the ferry
boat Piedmont. Mrs. McKechnie had
been found guilty of battery upon
Mrs. Elizabeth Triest,' whom, she*. had
accused of interfering im her domestic
affairs. Mrs. McKechnie! had been un
der probation for thirty, days. *£¦<
Tempers Justice "for Woman."
The roemberg of the Faculty Club of the
university are now holding an Interesting
handicap billiard tournament for a trophy bil
liard cue. About fcrty of the professors en
tered the tournament, but the contest has
now. narrowed dowh to the following men-
Professors C. L. Cory. C. C. Judson J. B
McCallum. T. M. Putnam. J. C. Rowell C
G. Rorers ard R. T. Crawford.
The university Js now making an efTort to
induce » Professor Edward Meyer, the noted
classical historian, to come to Berkeley to
deliver a couple of lectures hi May. Proresaor
Meyer Is now lecturing In Harvard and Colum
bia. He Is the greatest living historian of
classical times. • .
Dwtght I>. Clarke, a student In the fresh
man class of the university, has 1 won the
literary prize offered by the Blue and Gold
for the best piece of writing for the college
annual. Clarke wrote an exceptionally clever
poem and It was this that won. for him the
prize. He will now have his choice of a free
trip, either to the Toiemlte Valley or Lake
Tahoe. . '. ' . .. ¦
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND. March 16. — The tailors
employed In the local shops went on
strike to-day for higher wages. Rep
resentatives of the union met '.ho
members of the Merchant Tailors'
Protective Association this evening
and the mattter was settled harmoni
ously, both sides making concessions.
Under the new arrangements the taiJ
ors will receive 50 cents more for the
work on each suit.
Tailors Secure Advance.
OAKLAND. Mnr^h 16: — Louis Cook.
17 years old, and Clarence Low, 18
years of age, were arrested to-day and
held by the police as runaways from
Salt Lake. City. -• : ,;"^
Kunaur.v Boys Caught.
OAKLAND, March 16. — John A.
Williams, an aged resident of North
Oakland, was arrested to-day on com
plaint of Deputy Poundmaster Smith,
who claims the. old man resisted his
efforts to Impound fc a cow. Williams
declares that he was leading the gen
tle bovine along the road, allowing the
cow to browse among the fresh spring
stubs. Smith hove in sight and tried
to take his cow. There was a battle,
and Williams retained possession of
the cow, but will be compelled to ex
plain to-morrow in the Police Court.
Saves Cow. but I.s Arrested
Dr. W. Scott Franklin gave an in
teresting talk last night at the Eman
uel Sisterhood Free Polyclinic. 124 3
Folsom street, on "The Voice In Song
and Speech." The lecture was illus
trated with lantern slides.
Lecture at KmanucI Sisterhood.
OAKLAND. March 16.— Ed Morton,
charged with the . burglary of Mrs.
Kate Thompron's residence, 2126
Grove street, was held lor trial in
J2000 bonds by Police Judge Mortimer
Fmjth to-day. Morton is suspected by
the poi'ce of having committed many
daylight burglaries In this city. The
Fan Frnncisco police also think he has
been operating in tho city across the
bay.
Hold*. A<vu«ctl 'Jturstar.
ALAMEDA, March 16. — Stricken
with apoplexy while on an electric
car, Mrs. Hester Alice Burrows of
1338 High street died suddenly, a few
minutes after being assisted from, the
conveyance Into her home last night
at 10 o'clock. It was for a time be
lieved that she had succumbed to
ptomaine poison, but an autopsy pei
formed to-day disclosed the cause of
death to have been apoplexy. Mrs.
Burrows was the wife of W. J. Bur
rows. She was a native of England,
aged 35 years, and tiad lived In Ala
meda for eight years.,
Mxpires Upon Leaving a Car.
Kate Janisch lectured last night at
Lyric Hall on "The East Coast of New
Zealand" to an appreciative audience.
Her discourse was beautifully illus
trated with colored views and motion
pictures. She has decided to defer
the remaining lecture until her return
from the St. Louis Exposition.
Discourses on New Zealand.
Sam Luka, the Kanaka boat steerer
of the steam whaler Beluga, yesterday
tendered to himself one of the most
harmonious fa^yell demonstrations
ever accorded to a departing whale
man. Sam has steered one of the boats
in which his brother hunters chase the
whale for many a" year. He likes his
work, but hates the idea of leaving
home without some kind of a sendoff*
In his native Hawaii his mud
colored friends would have gathered at
the pierhead with a band of music and
decorated their departing brother with
many-colored lels. It was a sendoff like
this that Sam wanted, and he had his
wish.
The Beluga pulled into the stream
yesterday and Just before she left
Green-street wharf Sam carried aboard
his forecastle gods and took pos
session of his quarters for the cruise.
Before going on board he spent several
hours uptown buying his o.utfit for the
voyage. Before starting on his shop
ping cruise he hired a brass band to
accompany him. From outfitter to out
fitter he marched ahead of the music.
The band had played out its repertoire
long before Sam's shopping was com
plete, but the boat steerer offered no
objection to repetitions, as long as the
music kept time with his marching.
In front of each store the band played
selections while Sam 'bargained for
rubber boots, oilskins, ,jvarm clothing
and a supply of bright-colored : odds
and ends to be used in trading with
the natives of the .-rctic. Shopping is
thirsty work and when Sam sought
relief at a tavern, the music was
stopped to allow the musicians to join
the boat steerer. in u cup to the success
of the. cruise. Then the band played for
the tavern-keeper.
Sam led the band to the wharf, bade
each' musician a ceremonius farewell,
stepped aboard and disappeared in the
whaler's forecastle.' * The band, still
under orders, Waited until Sam re
appeared with a few colls of flowers
around his neck. Then Sam's hired
musicians gave Sam 'the sendoff for
which his soul hungered. It came high,
but It was his own.
Whaleman Hires Brass Band
to Accompany Him on His
Last Pound of Shopping
The California Development Com
pany had a contract with Carpentier
to purchase the property and it turned
the title over to Allen D. .Wilson, who
In turn sold it to the Oakland Harbor
Development Company, of which James
L. de Fremery is president.
In 1901 C. E.. Sessions Jr.,' who, suc
ceeded to all the interests his father
had in the land, made' a tender, of $50,
000, with Interest, for the purchase of
the property to the Oakland Harbor
Development Company, "which , offer
was refused. Sessions claims his con
tract is still alive and states! that he
is willing to 'pay the remainder of the
money due on it. The Oakland Harbor
Development Company does not! recog
nize any of his rights to the premises.
The trial of a suit looking to the
clearing of the title to the Sessions
Basin property, valued at $150,000, was
begun before Judge Hall to-day. The
title has become much involved, owing
to the fact that H. W. Carpentier, the
original owner, entered into contracts
with different people to sell the prop
erty. E. C Sessions brought the suit
against the Oakland Harbor Develop
ment Company,' which also claims title
to the land. -
Sessions was • the first purchaser of
the property. He had a contract with
Carpentier to buy the land and paid
him about *$30,000 on the contract, be
sides spending considerable money on
improving it. He defaulted in the final
payment of $50,000 with Interest due in
1898 and Carpentier began negotiations
with others.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 16.
Trial of Suit Involving Ti
tle to Water Front Land
Valued at $150,000 Begins
BASIN REALTY
IS IN DISPUTE
GIVES HIMSELF
BIG SEND OFF
BERKELEY, March 16. — The an
nual St. Patrick's day exercises held
this evening under the auspices of St.
Joseph's Church were largely attend
ed. The programme consisted of a
number of Gaelic songs and dances
and an oration on the life of St. Pat
rick by George A. Connolly of San
Francisco. An eight-hand Irish reel
was danced by the following people:
Misses Bessie, Hazel and Pearl Allen,
Miss Clara Coyne, Joseph P. Kelleher,
John O'Connell, James Scully and
Percy Lonegran. The receipts of the
evening went toward the payment of
the interest on the debt of the church.
St. Patrick's Day at Berkeley.
Work at the Oakland terminus of
the line is progressing as rapidly as
the unsettled condition of the weather
will permit. .The new depot of the
Santa Fe is nearly completed and the
work of finishing will be commenced
this week. It is like all of the depots
of that system, built upon the mission
style of architecture. The depot at
Berkeley Is weir along and will b»
finished for the opening.
The old Emery tract, which was pur
chased by the Santa Fe system for rail
road -yards, in Oakland, is in a very
much, cut-up Btate. Tracks are being
laid; In every direction and there are
two construction now at work
preparing that property for the open
ing of the road.- While the tract is
level there Is, much grading >to be done
because of the • heavy fall from San
Pablo avenue to ' the bay shore.
Regular travel over this line will not
be opened until about the 1st of May.
The exact date for the opening of th.j
new line has not; been set, but it la
expected that the first passenger train
will be run at that time.. The people
of Oakland are preparing for a cele
bration when the event occurs.
There was no ceremony attendant
upon this trip. The train merely pulled
out of Oakland at 2 o'clock and ran
through to Point Richmond, returning
at 5 o'clock. The run was without
event, for the Stege crossing had been
tested from the Point Richmond side,
several cars loaded with steel being
run out upon the bridge to test its
strength.
There has been much delay in the
completion of this line.. First it was
difficult to get the steel work for the
overhead crossing at Stege, where the
Santa Fe. lines cross those of the South
ern Pacific. This bridge is a long one.
for it spans four tracks at this point.
The manufacturers did not deliver it
on time and this caused much delay.
Then came the wet weather, during
which time work upon the Vnain line^
has been practically suspended. But
to-day everything was completed and
the first Santa Fe train passed over the
line from Oakland and connected at
Point Richmond with the main line of
that road.
OAKLAND. March 16.— The first
train over the Santa Fe system between
Oakland and Point Richmond passed
over the line to-day. It was only u
construction train, but it marked the
completion of the line of the Santa Fe
system into Oakland and the beginning
of that railroad competition that has
been looked for so long.
FIRST TRAIN THAT PASSED FROM OAKLAND TO POINT RICHMOND OVER THE RECENTLY COMPLETED LINE OF THE 1
SANTA FE RAILROAD COMPANY AND VIEW OF THE DEPOT AT THE OAKLAND TERMINUS OF THE NEW TRANSCON
TINENTAL SYSTEM. I
OAKLAND, March 16. — The funeral
of Charles M. Bonnemort. who died
last Monday, was held at 2 o'clock this
afternoon from the family residence,
955 Jackson street, where the family
services wero held.
Th«» remains w*>re removed later to
the Masonic Temple, where the rites
of the Masonic ordfr, of which the de
ceased was a member, were adminis
tered by the members of Sequoia
lyodpe No. 349 of this cit}\ Deceased
had for twenty-five years been a
member of Silver Star Lodge of Gold
Hill. Nevada.
The following neted as honorary
pa 11 -bearers: John \V. Gwilt, master;
Georpe Hollnday, S. W'.: James R.
Sloan. J. \V.: John F. Lilley. T.: Paul
F. Struekman, secretary; Samuel
Brown. S. D.; C. B. Blessing, J. D.;
Frank Marchand, tyler. The active
pall-bearers were P. K. Dalton. C. D.
Easton. D. E. Moore. J. B. Stevens,
John La Blanc and J. W. Wright.
MASON'S HONOIl 3IKMORY
OF CHARLES M. BOXXKMORT
Funeral of the l*Ue Miner Held Under
Auspices of Sequoia I^xlgt; of
Oakland.
The Commandery Chib. which has be»n
meeting at the Hotel Metropole. will hereafter
assemble on the third Friday of each month at
the Ebell Club rooms. The Commandery i.*
the largest card club In" Oakland, being com
posed of about eighty member*.
On April 9 Mrs. Fted B. Pallam and Mrs.
Richard Bahls will entertain In honor of Mis*
Florence Boone. Mrs. Bahls will leave for an
extendad visit East soon after, so the affair
will also be In the nature of a farewell.
Mifs Isabelle Kendall has sent out cards
for a larse card party, which will be compli
mentary to Miss Edna. Barry, a bride-to-be,
and Miss Frances Van Rensselaer of Dallas.
Tex April 5 la the date selected and over
eighty Invitations have been sent out.
Miss Van Rensselaer Is said to be a very
charming girl of true Southern type. She will
be the cuest of Miss Kendall during her stay
in Oakland.
Several verv handsome prizes will be given
and the public generally is invited. A keen
interest In the event is manifested by the
friends of Mr. and Mrs. Bullock, as well as
by t«e n^mfrous members of the West Oak
land Home Association and success seems to
be already assured.
The games will bs managed by Mr. Bullock,
anfl among the scorers will be Miss Gertruaa
Truscott. Ml?s Ruby Bullock. Miss Molile
Soiitner, Mrs. L. Scribner, Miss Nellie Con
nors, iiiss Kittle Horgan and Mrs. Belle Bul
lock.
Mr. and Mrs. John Bullock of West Oakland
have planned a whist tournament for the bene
fit of the West Oakland Home, to take place
to-morrow ni;hc at Sunset Hall, 16Hti Seventh
street.
The guests were Miss May Page of San
Francisco, MIse Lucia Oliver. Miss Jennie
Gardner. Miss Ethel Haas, Mrs. Maryland
8prin?er, Al Flood, Nicholas Luning, Mr. and
Mrs. H. H. Ktrby, Mr. and Mrs. Ben Wool
ner. Mr. and Mrs.. Eugene Ellis and Mr. and
Mrs. A. J. Patterson.
Miss Lucia Oliver, who is an accomplished
reader and vocalist, contributed greatly to the
pleasure of every one "with several ( dramatic
and sons selections.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward F. Hughes extended
their ho*pltallty to a dozen or more frler.Us
last evening to commemorate Mr. Hughes*
birthday anniversary. Several games of whi.>t
and an Impromptu programme of music served
to make the evening a . most enjoyable one.
Several pretty prizes were awarded In the
card games, the lucky ones being Mrs. Ben
Woolner. Miss Springer, Miss Gunlner and A.
J. ¦ Patteric n.
Miss Louise Hall, another 'bridesmaid, enter
tained the same party of girls to-day at lunch
eon. Easter flowers adorned the table, vio
lets, pink carnations and Hilt's being arranged
with exquisite taate.
The Kent-Allen wedding promises to be one
of the most brilliant affairs seen in San Fran
cisco. It is to be a military vreddlns. anJ
as It la lo take place on April U at Grace
Church all the glory of Easter and the beauty
of spring will blend with the pomp and glit
ter of army and navy. Lieutenant Allen's b«at
man and the ushers will all be fellow officers
in full uniform, and the brlde'a attendants
will all be gowned in light blue.
Mif* Kathleen Kent will be maid of honor,
and Missx-s Ncelle de Golia.- Louise Hall. Flor
ence White and Mattie iuiltnn will be tha
four bridesmaids. •
The weddins 1b to take place in the evening
ac 8 o'clock.
OAKLAND, March 16.— Miss Xoelle de
Golia, who is to be one of MI«b Ethel Kent's
bridesmaids, will entertain that charming
young bride-to-be at luncheon Friday, to
gether with her other attendants. A dox«n or
eo of Mi*9 Kent's mere intimate friends have
been asked to join the luncheon party In the
afternoon and enjoy ¦ a few Informal card
came?.
In the absence of Commander Den
icke. Colonel W. R. Smedberff presid
ed at the gathering. Among the speak
ers of the evening were General Wink
ler of Wisconsin, U. S. A., retired; F.
R. Wardle, General C. A. Cooledg*
and General C. A. Woodruff, U. S. A.:
Colonel James Jackson, U. S. A., re
tired; Colonel X. P. Chlpman, Colonel
A. H. Bainbridge, Captain T. F. Kane
and others. '.., ..
The quarterly banquet of the Mili
tary Order of the Loyal Legion was
held last evening at the Occidental
Hotel, the dining-room of which was
elaborately decorated for the occasion.
In attendance were 123 members of
the order, Including twelve companies
of the second class, who acted as
guard to the colors, which were sus
pended from a staff in the center of
the banquet hall and gracefuliy float
ed in an artificial breeze created by a
big electrical fan in the background
as those present sang the national
airs.
Veteran Officers of the • Civil War
Gather antl IJsten to Patriotic
Addresses.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
MEMBERS OF LOYAL
LEGIOX HOLD BANQUET
Blessing gave bonds for his appear
ance in the Police Court and was re
leased.
The specific count upon which
Blessing was charged is the embez
zlement of $5, but Jones declares that
the amount of the shortage in Bless
ing's accounts will reach the iarger
sum he has named.
Jones conducts his main place of
business in Sacramento and. Blessing
had charge of the branch in this city
for some time. His principal came
down from the capital to-day and af
ter a conference with his former r^ent
swore out a warrant for Blessing's ar
rest.
OAKLAND, March 16.— Charles B.
Blessing, former manager for F. Mi
Jones of the Racycle bicycle agency
at 74 San Pablo avenue, was arrested
to-day on complaint of Jones, who
charges that Blessing is an embezzler
to the amount of $1200.
Complaint of Ills Principal.
Charles U. Blcsslnsr, Former Manager
of Racycle Rranch, Is Arrested on
SAYS BICYCLE AGENT
IS AX EMBEZZLER
"My boy has been so much abused
by his schoolmates," says Mrs. Was,
"that I gave him permission to protect
himself. I knew that he was carrying
a loaded gun and I thought it perfectly
right that he should."
Frederick Wass, the father. of thfi
boy. :s a deputy constable of Alameda
County. Young Wass has been tem
porarily suspended from school.
Berkeley Office San. Francisco Call,
HIS Center Street, March 16.
Because his schoolmates teased him
Ambrose Wase, the 14-year-old son of
F. "VV. Wass, decided to kill off the most
obnoxious /jf his torm*nton«, and to
that end took . a loaded revolver to
6thool this morning. That he was not
euecessful was due to the fact that he
¦was overpowered 15y some of his com
panions when In the act of drawing
the plbtol.' After the lad Was disarmed
the gun was taken to City Superintend
ent of Schools S. D. Waterman, who
handled the Run carelessly and it ex
ploded in his hands. The bullet passed
into the noor.
Young Wass has been carrying a
pistol for several weeks, awaiting the
chance that would give him provoca
tion to vent hies wrath upon some of
his tormentors. • '
Some of the lads of whom Wass com
plains and for whose bodies he had
bullets wore "Mike" O'Connor, '"John
ny" Carney, "Johnny" Wiseman and
Henry MeQuestra. ¦
It was the life of George Hartkop, a
lad of about 12 year?, that young Wass
¦wanted this morning. The two boys
had a dispute f=ome time ago abouw a
coaster-sled and Wars at that time
made threats- againn the- life of his
enemy. At., tie IThlttler Grammar
School this 'morning Wass tried to
make good his promise, but was over
powered by Jack Wiseman and Henry
McQucsten. •
In explanation Was* paid later:
'I don't want the whole town to ride
on my goat. A lot of these fellows have
been after me. They bothered me when
1 went gathering wood. I got a gun
because my mother told me to. When
at recess this morning I saw Jack
Wiseman clench his fist and get ready
to make a paFS at me I reached for my
pistol with my right hand, but the fel
lows stopped me and took the gun
away."
Belle Herbert has begun an action
of divorce against Robert Herbert, al
leging desertion as her cause for ac
tion.
Because he lost $150 in an invest- j
ment, Fannie A. Cohen left Emanuel
Cohen, and to-day he was granted a
divorce on the ground of desertion. He
alleges that he had been in the habit
of giving his wife his earnings, but
that, seeing an opportunity to make a
turn in an investment, he took a
chance and lost. His unlucky venture
cost him his peace of mind and then
his wife. She made life very miserable
for him and finally left him. She
was given $25 a month alimony for the
support of their three children.
Benaiah Dunham was granted a di
vorce to-day by Judge Melvin on the
ground of cruelty from Sarah M. Dun
ham, who has been in Agnews Insane
Asylum for five years. The acts of al
leged cruelty were committed prior to
her commitment to the asylum. She
was in the habit of throwing things
at 'Dunham and making his life gen
erally miserable and to-day he was
given a divorce on that account.
Nicholas Karmen was given a di
vorce from Jessie Karmen on the
; ground of cruelty. He alleged that her
fondness for the society of other men
caused him much mental anguish.
Adeline Slros was awarded a decree
of divorce from Elzor Slros on the
ground of desertion and was given the
care of the minor children. They were
married many years ago and there are
six children, but two being under age.
Divorce, proceedings were instituted
by Annie Hoffschneider Curtis against
W\aldo Curtis on the ground of deser
tion. They were married in 1900 and
two years later, she alleges, he left
her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March ,16.
Young: Troplonsr. according to the
railroad men. stopped and seemed con
fused after he heard the sharp cry of
the flagman. The boy was struck by
the engine pilot -and his head was
severed from the body as if by a knife
blade's keen edge.
Little Troplong was employed by thr :
Denlson Xews Company and sold news
papers on the Berkeley local train?.
He was a son of Mrs. Emma D. Trop
loner, residing at 1915 Oregon street,
Berkeley. An older brother, Paul Trop
lonjr. works for the Denlson News Com
pany. The. father is an Interpreter in
the United States Government service
at Manila, whence the family went tc
Berkeley nine months ago.
The dead boy helped to support hit
mother, the family being in somewhat
straitened clreumstnnces.
Clarence Troplong, a newsboy, 11
years old, -was decapitated at the Oak
land broad-f?auge pier depot at 8:30
o'clock this morning by a Southern Pa
cific Company locomotive, which struck
the boy o"n the tracks on the north side
of the pier." The boy was crossing as
the engine was backing down from the
Livermore local train which It had
shortly before hauled into the depot.
The boy was warned by a flagman, but
did not get out of danger's way i.i
time.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 16.
Dead Lad Sold Newspapers
on the Berkeley Trains
to Help Support Mother
Youngster Goes Armed on
Advice of His Mother to
Scare Off His Tormentors
Benaiati Dunham Given De
cree for Acts of Cruelty
Commit ted Five Years Ago
WAS ELEVEN YEABS OLD
James Y. and J*»ssle Ecclecton (wife) to
Caroline E. Richardson (widow) and Florence
R. N'ewcomb (wife of F. 8.). lot on NW line of
Walsworth avenue. 50.44 NE of Stanley plac«.
thence alonic dlx-ldln* line between lots 13 and
14 etc . SW 103. NE 50.04. SE 102. SW 50.44.
lot 13. block C, map resubdlrlalon block* C and
D. Flint Tract. Oakland: $10.
Laura A. and Charles D. Haven* (husban.1)
to James r. Reinhardt. lot on E line of Chest
nut street. 05 S from original N boundary line
of lands of Laura A. Haven. S 3O by E 90.
block 545. Boanlman's map. Oakland: $10.
• Same to Alexander Dunn, lot on E line of
Chestnut street. 125 S from original JJ bound
ary line of lands of L<aura A. Haven. 8 30 by
E 99 block 545, same map. Oakland; $10.
Alice S. Dunlap (single) to George A. Lewis,
lot on S line of Ninth street. 102:« W of W«b
fiter. W 2fi by S 10O. portion of lots 12 and 13,
block ST. Kellersberner's map. Oakland; $10.
George A. and Fortuna Lewis (wife) to Gee
Ban and Gee Tin. same, Oakland ; $10. .
Christina Thompson, or Christina John
eon, etc.. et aJs. (by Clarence Crowell.
referee and commissioner) to Erlck Thomp
son, lots 14 and 15, map of resubdlvtslcm of
portion of blocks D and E, Carrlson Tract.
Berkeley; $10O.
Kate W.. Mary E. and LJnwood Palmer (all
single) to George L. Lewis (guardian of eslata
of Mildred A. McSherry. Incorporated), lot on
NW corner a! Buena Vista avenue and Pearl
street If extended In a right* line N. thence
along N line of Buena Vlata avenue, W S feet
by N 42.".: I. Alameda; $100.
Joseph and Jane Branrtenstein (wife) to 8.
Paulevttch. lot on S line of Halght avenu*.
llf> W of ' Enctnal or Linden street, W 74 by
S 70. b»lnsr portion of lot 7. lands of Teutonla
Park Momrrstead Association. Alameda; $1U.
G. or Gustave 61«brecht (single)- to Kate H.
Williams (wtfe of A. L-), lot on N line of
Eighteenth street. 141:8 E of Union. E S3.*
by N It2:3*j. lot 6. and portion of lot t».
map subdivision of Surryhna Tract. Oakland.
O«or*« D. Metcalf (executor e«t*te of Erne
line Colton Brockway) to R, B. Kachlein, lot
on N line of IVlawarn atreet. 330 B of *|"* l "i'
E 4.t by N 135. lot 26. block A. Jane* Tract.
Berkeley; *125o. ?
Continental Building and Loan Asaoeiat WJn
to Edward E. Towle. lots 1 to ». iwibdlvtslon
map of part block 3. Teacher*' State bnlverslty
Homeste/d. Berkeley; J10.
T. J. Manner (single) to George Easton. lot
or. E line of Harrison street, 55S M of Twelftft.
N 60 by E 102. portion lot 2. map Alice Far*
property. Oakland; $10. _
George and Hattle J. Eaaton (-wife) to F.
XV Mow, same, Oakland; $10.
Ajum D. Seaman <slnsle) to same. same.
Oakland: «10.
Mae Slmms (widow) to Alexander Murcock,
lot on 3 line of Dalton street, 200 B of Her
zog, E .10 by S 110, lot 65, Rock Island Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Alexander Murdock (single) to Poter Swen
son (singlo. same, Oakland; 11O.
I>. T and Jennie Stevenson (wife) to Ira
Vaughan. lot on S line of Tenth street, 153:3
E of Center. E 32 by S 120. portion lots 23
and 23. block M2, map Eighth Street Tract.
Oakland: *10.
Alameda County.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SAYS'HE MEANT TO KILL
KA11MENS.ABE DIVORCED
Ambrose Wass of Berkeley
Pulls a Gun to Settle
a Coaster Sled Dispute
Little Clarence Troplong Is
Killed "While Crossing the
Broad-Gauge Pier Tracks
Emanuel Cohen Says TJn
lueky Venture Cost Him
$150, HappihessandSpouse
TRIES TO SHOOT
A SCHOOLMATE
BOY BEHEADED
BY AN ENGINE
LOSES MONEY,
THEN HIS WIFE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, MARCH .. 17, ¦ ¦ 1004'.
Construction Train Runs Over New Track and It Is Ex
pected That Regular Passenger Traffic, With Attend
ant Competition, Will Be Inaugurated About May 1
SANTA FE LINE BETWEEN OAKLAND
AND POINT RICHMOND COMPLETED
6
'; -, SCOTT'S EMULSION.
is surely coming.
Don't wait for it
If you are run
down and thin
and take cold
easily, try
SCOTTS EMULSION
It will strengthen
and fortify your
system and keep
you well.:
ALAMEDA.
14S5 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 503.
OAKLAND.
1118 Bro^adwaj.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North IT.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY,
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SEAL TEST
Of Eerplcide Is in aivins- it a Thoroaar^
,- Trial.
There is only one test by which to
Judse of the efficiency of any article and
that is by Its ability to do that which It
is intended to do. Many, hair vigors may
look nice and .smell nice, but the point is
— do they, eradicate dandruff -and stop
falling hair?
No. they do not. but Flerpiclde does,
because it goes to tho root of the «vtl
and kills the gtrm that attacks the pa-
pilla from whence the. hair gets Its life.
Letters from prominent people every-
where are daily proving that Newbroa
Herplcide stands the "test of use,"
It is a delightful dressing, clear, pure
and free from oil or grease.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co..
Detroit. Mich.
c»j«'''y > ''*i^ ! "'*>' ..'irVarT^ *..*'x" ™" Q'mxi't
FREE DENTAL CLINIC
FOR THE POOR. ,x
Open Sundays and evenings. Teeth
extracted free. Graduates of den-
t.stry. Small charge for material only.
P0ST-6RADUATE DENTAL GOLLEGE
Baa PraadBco— 3 Taylor strwt.
Oakland— 973 Washington Street.
Baa Josa— 45 East Santa Clan StrMft.
SaJsiamwito— 407 J Strait.':The Eureka Valley Improvement
Club' has petitioned the Supervisors to
pave Corbett' avenue from Seventeenth
street to Casselli' avenue with bitum
inous rock.
Wants Corbet t Avenue Paved.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday overruled the demurrer of
the defendants in the suit brought by
the United States against W. K. Cole
and the Fidelity and Deposit Company
of Maryland and allowed the defend
| ants thirty days in which to file an an
i swer. The suit was brought to recover
I $20,000 on the bonds of Cole as caah
i ier of the branch Mint in San Fran
j Cisco in the partial restoration to the
i Government of $30,000, which sum
was judicially determined to have
been stolen by Walter N. Dimmick.
the chief clerk. The demurrer was on
the ground that the cashier of the
mint was not* an officer of the United
States ar " therefore was not civilly
responsible for the shortage.
Judge .Morrow called attention: to
a statute allowing th^ superintendent
of the Mint to require bonds from his
subordinates for the safe keeping of
the property in their charge. The
bond given by Cole. . however, was not
given to Superintendent Leach, but- to
the Government, and it is expected
that an interesting' legal question will
be raised at the trial. ¦
The suit dismissed by Judge Mor
row on the preceding day was to re-
I cover $30,000 from Cole personally.
From Subordinates.
| Court Decides Superintendent Leacb
Had Right to Exact Surety
CASHIER COLE'S BONDSMEN
TO BE SUED FOR SHORTAGE
A Jury in Judge Graham's court yes
terday awarded A. L. Rehfeld $500
damages for the destruction of his sa
loon by a mob of soldiers. He sued
for $3000.
Rclifeld Gets Small Damace*
weeks to give the. police time to dis
cover and report just what species of
detective Daniel really is. He was ar
rested for smashing a showcase in_ a
Fourth street store.
Big Assemblage Hears Morgan.
Dr. G. Campbell Morgan, the emi
nent evangelist, spoke again at the
First Congregational Church last
night. Notwithstanding the unpro
pitious state of the weather, there was
a big attendance, including members
and ministers of all the evangelical de
nominations of the city and of
churches across the bay. Dr. Mor
gan's discourse was analytical in the
main. ? his subject being "The New
Birth." Dr. Morgan will speak this
and "to-morrow evenings at the same
church.
. « ? ¦ —
OVERCOME BY GAS. — Louis Haedenthal.
janitor of a rooming-house at 9 Fowell street,
was overcome by gas .yesterday morning while
re-ulattnc a burner. He lies in a precarious
condition at the Emergency Hospital.
j KRYZYAXOWSKI KSTATE I
i ATTRACTS TRAINED NURSE
Marie Nightengale. Who Has Already
Received $10,000. Applies for Let
ters of Administration.
Marie Nightengale, ' the trained
nurse, who as the daughter of Pa
lagia Marie Kryzyanowksi contested
the latter's will and then compromised
her suit for $10,000, desires. once more
to become a party interested in the
estate. Yesterday she filed a petition
for letters df administration upon the
estate of her alleged mother, claiming
that as Charles Rickman, who in
herited .under the disputed will and
I who paid the $10,000 to give up the
fight, has been removed from the posi
tion of executor of the will, some one
who has the interest of the estate at
heart should be given the task of car
ing for it.
The nurse's petition and also that of
Public Administrator M. J. Hynes
1 came up for hearing before Judge
Kerrigan yesterday, but neither peti
tion was granted. Judge Kerrigan de
siring time to examine into the con
dition of the estate and wishing to
satisfy himself whether those who have
had charge of the estate since the
death of the aged Polish woman have
allowed it to become the prey of
"grafters," as has been openly
charged, put the matter over until
March 20.
Protest Against "Head Tax."
The Yosemite Commission held It3
first meeting for the year yesterday
at the office of the la.te W. \V. Foote.'
The board listened to the protests of
the stage companies against the "head
tax" of 50 cents on each passenger
carried by them and appointed a com
mittee to consider the question. A new
system of water. mains was ordered to
be laid from the foot of the Sentinel to
the village. It will cost $2000. The
commission voted $1000 for clearing
away underbrush.
Dr. N. K. Foster, secretary of the
State Board of Health, issued the fol
lowing statement yesterday in regard
to spread of diseases by rats:
Investigation has proven beyond doubt that
tet* »re on« of the most prolific causes of the
spread cf disease. They are filthy In their
mode of life and migratory in their habits.
Ttaty revel in the cey*pool and sewer and,
'Covered with its liltn and disease ctrms. come
to our homos, oftentimes -visiting the vepet
abl« and fruit »«• mav have for future con
minntion, ar.d alwa>* leaving in their trail
the rfrk-rf terms of disease they cathered from
othfT places.
We oft«n wonder how a family contracted
diihth'rta or scarU-t fever, or some other con
taitfous diseajse. There i* no doubt that often
times this is the explanation. Ratg have come
In ccntart with the g<-nr.s on some i-la.ee and
brought them to the house. We often see
children take, fruit that has been gnawed by
rats, bite out the part, then oat the rest. In
this' way the disease is taken direct. More
often th<> term* are left as dust, which rise*
by sweeping ur even walking- on the floor and
J.-*athed :a with the air.
A united systematic effort should b» made
to kilt them'eff. City and t,own authorities
¦should take up the \vork, tut it should not be
left to th«rm alone. A war of extermination
? hould b* 1 waged against them, and many a
dfar or." yav«-d from the crave, poisoning can
br i*fc!>- done, and the St?te health o:flcers
¦niil be gled t« cive instructions for those who
wUh it. We cannot urge too strongly upon
the people, en^cially cf the cities, to rid
ti-.tmselves of thi? erfat danger.
Secretary Foster of State
Board of Health Asserts
Kodents Spread Diseases
filed, -continued the matter till ..o-mtfr
row for argument.
stantially conform to the requirements
•^sections 950, 951 and 952 of the Penal
Code.
4. That more than one offense is
charged.
5. That the facts do not constitute a
public offense.
6. That the indictment contains mat
ter which, if true, would constitute a
•legal justification or excuse oZ the of
fense charged.
The Judge, after the demurrer was
: "VVhen the cases of Herman and Ja
j cob Eppingrer, charged with obtaining
; money by -false pretenses, were called
I in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday for
i the Judge's decision on the motion to
set aside the indictment the Judge said
he had as yet been unable to write his
j decision, but he would deny the mo
j lion and give his reasons in writing
' later.
The motion was made chiefly on the
ground that the defendant, Herman
Eppinger, had been called to testify
j before the Grand Jury and the impor
i tant point was raised as to whether
i the proceedings of that body were priv
! ileged or subject to review. The point
j was argued at cc-nsiderable length "by
¦ Attorneys Ach and Dunne for the de
j fendants and Attorney J. C. Campbell
| and District Attorney Byington for the
people.
As soon as the Judge denied the mo
tion yesterday the defendants' attor-
J neys Jntorposed a demurrer to the in
! dictment on the following grounds:
1. That the indictment does not con
tain a statement of the facts consti
tuting the offense charged in ordinary
.or concise language and in such man
ner as to enable a person of common un
derstanding to know what Is intended.
2. That the indictment is not direct
or certain so far as it regards the of
fense charged.
3. That the rndictment does not sub-
Judge Lawlor Denies the
Motion on Their Behalf
to Set> Aside Indictment
WARNS PUBLIC
AGAINST RATS
RULES AGAINST
THE EPPINGERS
There promises to be Interesting go
ings-on next Tuesday in Judge Mo
gan's court, for Lola Hallett and Lillie
King have been notified to appear then
and there and explain what they mea"nt
by violently assaulting Marie Albert
o,ne night about a weekago in a'Bar-'
bary Coast, vaudeville cellar.- The cqiri
plainant alleges that she was .beaten
because . the manager, of the establish
ment, c-ne "Ji m" Hallett. had - devoted
more, attention .to' her than .was,-con
sidered proper by the defendant'^'who
"The fact that the goods were stolen
does not prove that this defendant stole
them." replied the Judge, "and you
must remember that his partner is not
now on- trial."
"Well, if this defendant didn't steal
the boilers I'd like to know how his
partner got hold of them?"
"I must plead Inability to enlighten
you," murmured the court.
"And the overcoat — if Lauricke didn't
steal that overcoat, who did?"
"You may search me," answered the
bench.
"Welli of all things," exclaimed Mrs.
Flores. "Here I am, just as sure as
I can be that Lauricke stole those boil
ers and that overcoat, and here he Is
likely to be discharced. Did any one
ever?"
"Can't answer: pass me," was the
Judge's wearily delivered response.
"Well, you won't let him go until I
see if I can't get some rnqre witnesses?"
inquired the lady.
' "I'll hold him till to-morrow," implied
the court; "and for your own benefit
I would advise you to be satisfied that
your prospective witnesses know some
thing about the case before you bring
them here."
Mrs. Sarah Flores of Fruitvale vig
orously attempted to convince Judge
Mogan that J. M. Lauricke, a tamale
and enchilada peddler, had stolen two
boilers and an overcc-at from among
the personal effects left by her father
when he was killed by a railroad train
January 29 last. January 30, the com
plainant averred Lauricke went to' the
family residence and purloined the
property described, but she failed to
produce any witnesses who had actual
ly seen the goods In the defendant's
possession, although she summoned
quite a number c-f persons to testify
on that point.
"Unless you can prove that this man
stole the boilers and the overcoat I
don't see how I can hold him," said
the Judge.
"What more proof do you want than
the fact that the property was stolen
and that the defendant's partner was
seen using the bailers at Ingleside?"
demanded the witness.
For soliciting alms from pedestrians
on Market street Charles Norton and
John Manning, strapping big vagrants,
were sent up for three months apiece
by Judge Conlan, and for a similar
offense John Collins was given just
double that dose by Judge Mogan. It
was shown that Collins made a special
ty of accosting women and insulting
them if they failed to respond to his
appeal for money. He looked more like
a shabby-genteel workman than a pro
fessional mendicant, and Police Officer
Jordan stated that the fellow was a
student of the art of "make-up."
TV. H. McFall, a railroad construc
tion hand, displayed a bandaged head
in substantiation of his complaint that
he had been smitten with a club wield
ed by W. A. Brown, a bartender in the
saloon at 911 Kearny Xsireet. Brown
did not deny the allegation, but plead
ed that the assault was justified by
the provocation, which consisted of the
complainant's refusal to pay for .a
drink which he had ordered and con
sumed. Besides, argued the mixologist,
he was exasperated by the conduct of
a man who was with McFall. These
pleadings were taken under considera
tion by Judge Conlan and judgment
will probably be handed down to-day.
In the Blue Book of San Francisco
there is no mention of the Diamond So
cial Club, nor is such an organization
alluded to in the San Francisco City
Directory, yet that it exists and has
made its beins felt in the vicinity of
Twenty-fourth and Castro streets was
proved yesterday before Judges Fritz
and Cabaniss, each of whom had a.
number of the members before him on
a charge of disturbing 1 the peace. The
defendants numbered a dozen and their
aged ranged from nine to fifteen yeais.
On the prison books they were reg
istered as* Charles McDonald, Fritz
Dirking Jr., Joseph Rind, Harry Han-
Ion, Charles Anderson, William ' John
son, F. K. Scofield. Neil McMahon, Wil
liam Connor, Thomas Matty and.
Thomas Pease.
Police Officers Bolton, Moltke and
Davey, who collaborated in the com
plaint, alleged that the Diamonds had
no regular place for meeting, .but most
ly congregated at Twenty- fourth and
Castro streets, inhere they executed the
ostensible objects of their fraternity by
casting stones at passing street cars",
j attaching empty tin cans to the cauda!
appendages of the neighborhood dogs
and pelting Inoffensive pedestrians
with garbage and uncomplimentary
language. That they were associated
for such purposes the Diamonds em
phatically and indignantly denied, de
claring that they were banded solely
for social intercourse, intellectual ad
vancement and other innocuous pur
suits.
"Then why were you arrested and
brought here?" Judge Cabaniss asked
the spokesnjan of the bunch of Dia
monds that glittered before him.
"Because," was the ingenuous an
swer, "some cops hates ter see kids
enjoy theirselves. We wasn't frowin'
no rocks at cars, or we wasn't tyin' no
cans ter no dogs' .tails, or we wasn't
chuckin' no insultery at soils w'en dese
bulls busted on us like a band of pirates
an' snaked us in. If dat's wot youse
| call justice, den I wants no more of it."
A murmur of approval from the other
Diamonds was suppressed by the
bailiff and the court continued the cases
until corroborative testimony can be
rounded up by the complaining police
men. Judge Fritz made, similar dis
posal of th»» Diamonds assigned to him.
Daniel Valenzuela, 22 years ' of age,
said : he was a private, detective ! when
Judge Mogan inquired, as to, his .voca
tion,' and the "case was continued'two
, "Mary, you had better stay south of
the slot," said the Judge, and then he
gave her twenty-four hours', imprison
ment to enable her to get'rid of the ef
fects of her latest enthrallment. ¦
Mary Bo wen dwells on Folsom streejt,
but the police records show that each
of her numerous arrests for vagrancy
was effected on" the Barbary Coast. In
explanation of this fact Mary : informed
Judge Mogan that she has a sister who
resides at the North End and that they
visit each other frequently. Mary is
passionately fond of music, and on sev
eral occasions while she was en route, to
her sister's home the strains of 'melody
wafting from the dance hall doors on the
Barbary Coast enthralled her to such an
extent that the police imagined she was
Intoxicated. . .
It was at a meeting held at 509»£
Bush street for the purpose of estab
lishing a fund to aid the Japanese Gov
ernment in its argument with Russia
that Kimo % was assaulted. The pro
ceedings opened with patriotism and
good-fellowship at fever heat, but as
orator after orator depicted in graphic
language the struggle of the Mikado's
forces to drive the Slav out of Man
churia the temper of the audience waxed
truculent, until chaos supplanted de
corum and blows were freely and In
discriminately interchanged. When
Kimo succeeded in extricating himself
from the howling, scratching and strik
ing mass of humanity he sought police
aid and had Fukushimi and Zarai ar
rested as his assailants.
Since the outbreak of hostilities be
tween Japan and Russia the warlike
spirit of some of the little brown men
residing in San Francisco has been
finding vent in illegal ways, and hardly
a day passes without one or. more of
them being punished for assault or dis
orderly conduct. In Judge Mogan's
court yesterday two of them were*fined
$100, apiece for furiously fighting on the
public Street, and another was given
ninety days in prison for brandishing
in threatening manner a knife that was
long and sharp enough to serve as a
sword, while Judge Conlan spent con
siderable time in futile endeavor to con
vince M. Kimo, who keeps an employ
ment agency at 122*4 Turk street, that
it was his duty to prosecute John
Fukushimi and H. Zarai, whom he had
arrested for assaulting him. Kimo had
sworn to a complaint charging his
compatriots with having violently as
sailed him, but when the case was
called in court he declared he knew
nothing at all about it. He was held
for perjury.
Xorah Slattery, who is burdened with
a penchant for stealing bedcoverings
from lodging-houses, was given five
months' imprisonment for purloining a
quilt from the rest for transients con
ducted by Mrs. Davis of Fourth street.
Judge Cabaniss prescribed the sentence
and gratuitously presented Norah with
a large chunk of counsel as to her fu
tore.
J. W.'Joy. who peddles coat hangers
for, a. livelihood and imbibes strong
waters for recreation, was given thirty
days for drunkenness and .disorderly
conduct by Judge Cabaniss. who ob
served that the prisoner's countenance
was not expressive of the feeling sig
nified by his surname. The defendant
pleaded that he is afflicted with deaf
ness, but the Judge failed to see how
aural weakness could logically be held
responsible for inebriety.
Louis Horner was caught in the act
of thrashing two able-bodied men at
Kearny and Jackson streets night be
fore last, yet when Louis appeared be
fcre Judge Mogan. yesterday he stated
that he recently came here from Cin
cinnati for his health, which Is so poor
as to incapacitate him for manual labor
of any description. - : .
"What a fighter you must be when
your health is good," remarked the
Judge, and then he ordered Louis' con
finement for the ensuing twenty-four
hours.
In the Mexican quarter it is sus
pected . that thirty-year-old Labrada
Morales has eloped with seventeen
year-old Manuel Flores, and that -the
couple will never return to face the
charge of vagrancy which the boy : s
mother was pressing with all her might
against the woman. When the case
rivas called yesterday in Mogan's court
there was no response from the de
fendant, who had been liberated on bail,
nor was the lad present. His mother
was there, however', determined to
prosecute to the bitter end, and at her
suggestion a bench warrant was issued
for Labrada. •
J. W. Colgren, a soldier, was dis
charged from custody by Judge Mogan
because Police Officer Joy could not
overtake Jason Jackson, eclored, a wit
ness for the prosecution, who has been
sought since last Sunday. The sol:
dier was suspected of having been one
of a party of infantrymen that griev
ously assaulted Jackson In a Barbary
Coast saloon.
Etta Parker "squealed" when she
was arraigned with Eva Grant - and
W. A. Allen before Judge Mogan, and
her reward was dismissal of the charge
of robbing a barber in a Taylor-street
lodging-house kept by W. "A. Allen.
Miss Parker's testimony convicted
Allen of selling liquor without a license
and the larceny charge, against Miss
Grant will be heard to-day.
' Carl Blendoro admits he was intox
icated when he informed the police
that he had be<?n waylaid and robbed
of 51 65 cash, a key and a pocketknlfe
by John Coffey the night of March 7
on the San Bruno road, but the' police
arrested Coffey just the same and ex
pect to make out a case against him
in Judge Mogan's court.
bears his surname. Society and the
atrical circles of the coast are much
agitated by the scandal.
Deny Police Statement That the Organiza
tion Is Given to Hoodlurriism and Say
Its Purposes Are of Immaculate Purity
YOUTHS OF THE MISSION DEFEND
DIAMOND CLUB IN POLICE COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. THURSDAY.^ MARCH 17. 1904.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Easy Terms
Don't Make
the Piano
Don't listen too long to the cry of "easy
terms" unless they are backed by good pianos.
Look for a piano house that can give you both
quality and financial accommodation. No firm
in San Francisco offers easier terms than Sher-
man, Clay & Co., and surely no one offers bet-
ter instruments nor sells for more reasonable
prices. Their stock is made up of Steinways
and eight other worthy makes from which you
can select a piano that will please at the price
you want to pay. Terms as low as $6 down
and $6 per month. v
Sherman, Clay h Co,
Kearny and Suiter Sts., S. F.
- ' PAINE'S CELEB."? COMFOtTND. ' * V-
"I Would Get Up in the Morning Feeling Dull and Tired—Would Be Tired
All Day — / Am Cured"— by the Celebrated Nerve
Paine s Gelery Coinpouncl
'7 Have a Good Night's Rest— I Wake Up Refreshed— I Am Cheerful All Day
Long— I Do My Work Faster and Better. "
The gentle but unfailing regulating t
' doses of Paine's Celery Compound, the :-fg8^^ggJB^^jj|^^^j^-"!^ lr^-\^. i: « i j;*^a^^rt <cj ff^?^* *&- T^y^iT*^?^ : Vfo*^1c'^Cy-i* <^!- r X'-^'-y'-«'^-M
— Prof. E. E. Phelps. M. D.. L.L.D.. MlM EDNA ABUHGTOH.
r, f i, P ove^° U or h P^in^fcelleTrcom- One Amon* Thousand! of Women Who Tell, and Writ., Their Earned Pralt.
!iund ' of Palne'« Celery Compound. Xt made Her Strong, Well, Bright and Happy.
< ;
. Learn how much better you can feel— Go to your. Druggist To-Day— Get one
' bottle— Peel just ONCE that abundant new nerve force made by Paine's Celery
Compound— Ton will NEVER AGAIN be contented with low spirits and poor
health.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦_- ;
g^plP grand opening IIi^i
H THE AUDITORIUM H
||ii TO-NIGHT, MARCH 1 7, 1 904 1^1
fiPv! I /I MOST PERFECTLY APPOINTED AMUSEMENT PAR- j\ 1 |OT§
Rl£|lJ 8 J LOR IN THE UNITED STATES. Entertaining and instructive. I \ IJlg/Jj
JS3g5®vli /Sfil Absolutely first-class. All new machines. 1904 EDISON BIO- [*CiJVJ^<sKf
ff^S'oljfl GRAPHS and KINETOSCOPES. Only collection on the coast. \j%£Mi|
IK^feJf I PHONOGRAPHS, MUTOSCOPES, QUARTOSCOPES and lVU^fjf
|h jii^y the ELECTRICAL WONDERSCOPE, a novelty which will be \njfjffl Jji
lilw^ nyfhg^lj appreciated by every one who sees it. IlipayU
IIIIm B nil not a^ to attcn< 3 the opening. Band concert. Admission l&Bnrl \ Hf*!
CS 7<Sd MARKET HI
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
Only those who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears* is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
Established orer ioo years.
Small babies quickly grow, to
large babies when fed on Mel-
lin's Food.- Mdlin's Food
furnishes material for growth.
A sample cf MeUin'B Food eo«t« jrou nothing
but the asking. Will you not then ask for
it for your baby's sake ?
M ELLIN'S FOOD CO- BOSTON. MASS.
I! Q&utt BRAND §
9 QUARTER C*CH, QUARTER SIZES 1
I I CUUETT, PEABODV & CO. • fc|
I H majuk* or c«.u*tt a»» moka«cm «Mirra BHTHE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL", ¦ THURSDAY, MARCH 17, MM.
Special Information supplied dally to
business* houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
v Sultan Abdul Hamld,- far from be
ing pleased, as . has been asserted, by
the difficulties in which Russia has be
come involved In the Far East In con-
How It Looks to Abdul.
To^nsend's California Glace frulta and
choice candles, in artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street above Call buildins. •
ST. LOUIS FAIR— S. S., City. At
this date .there Is no estimate of the
possible attendance of visitors to the
World's Fair at St. Louis. The fair
will open April 30. 1904. and remain
open until December 1, following. The
established hotels of St. Louis number
over 100 and have a capacity In ex
cees of 21,000 guests, while in the vi
cinity of the fairgrounds hotels have
been erected which had an additional
capacity of 47,000. while within the
fair grounds there Is a hotel with a ca
pacity of 6000. making accommodations
for 74,000 people, to say nothing of
accommodation that can be furnished
in private residences for such of , the
visitors as may not desire hotel life.
A CONTRACT has been awarded by the Sacra
mento County Horticultural Society for spraying
the neglected and :?ale infested trees within the
limits of the city of Sacramento. > The reason for this
action is that parasites in the urban foliage are a menace
to the horticultural interests in the country adjacent.
Bitter experiences in the earlier days^ofhortipulture
in California, havJe taught salutary Wessons. Various
forms of scales have attacked orange trees and the de
ciduous "orchards. Vigorous "measures have been taken
to save the trees from destruction. Spraying plants have
been devised. Large sums of money have been dis
bursed annually for prevention and for extermination.
Beneficial insects have been imported from Australia and
from European countries.; "The remedies have been ex
pensive, but have been proved to be of large advantage.
Incideutal"to the introduction -of scale destroyers and
the study of their habits, knowledge of a useful sort has
been acquired. It has been observed that the insects
imported to destroy the hosts or predation have speedily
increased in number from a few to millions., This last
mentioned fact has eventually pointed out the desira
bility of paying attention to the condition of trees ;n
Sacramento.
Observation has definitely determined that no bene-;
INFECTIOUS -CITY TREES.
RICH MEN — Subscriber, City. This
department has not the space to publish
the "list and residence of all the mil
lionaires of the United States. and the
most prominent rich men and women."
Such information can be obtained in
"Who's Who in America," which can
be consulted in the Free Public Library
of San Francisco.
Religious circles in England are agog over the novelty
of a woman in the pulpit. Our trans-Atlantic cousins
-would demonstrate a more advanced, condition of cul
ture if they displayed less excited concern in the matter.
Is not woman essentially a preacher, and perhaps the
best in the world? ¦
MASONRY — M. R-. City. . In
"Mackey's Encyclopedia, of vFree
masonry," to be seen In the reference
room of the Free Public Library of San
Francisco, you will find a Ions and In
teresting account of the reasons why
the Freemasons of the United States
do not affiliate with the Freemasons of
France.
• Its halls will give prominent place to San Francisco
exhibits, which would be: obscured in the general outlay
of a manufacture and liberal arts pavilion. Within its
portals the curious sightseer of the East will be enabled
to get a birdseye view of San Francisco in its every as
pect which could only, be duplicated by a trip across the
continent/; The San Francisco. building will be • a more
potent advertising medium than a ten years' issue of
broadsides and pamphlets.
Besides the material gains which will accrue from the
presence of a striking exhibit at . St.! Louis civic L pride
ought to be a strong factor in bringing the collection of
funds to. a successful finish. When we had our- own
fair we were inspired to do our best by the fact that our
city harbored I its own display ; now that St. Louis has in
vited us to vie, with our sister cities of ;the Union, it
should be still more our. strong endeavor to make a
showing which cannot be beaten. ¦
Li M. KING, the secretary of the committee of citi
zens who have in charge the management of San
• Francisco's exhibit at the St. Louis exposition,
lias sent abroad appeals for the prompt payment of the
funds pledged for the installation and maintenanceof
the display. At present the committee has received in
cash from private sources something more than $12,000,
the municipality. has voted $15,000, while $50,000 is the
minimum sum required for the erection of the San Fran
cisco building and the proper placing of the exhibits.
Before, the first of next month the remaining $23,000
necessary to round out the sum must be pledged and in
so far as possible in the hands of the committee.
Every one who has the interests of the city at heart
should take a personal interest in the collection of this
fund for the expenses of our exhibit at the fair. This is
a unique opportunity which San Francisco has— this
privilege of having a building to house its separate dis
play/ 4 Situated upon the "model street" near the main
entrance to the grounds, this duplicate of" the ferry
building, which is designed to lift its tower high above
the surrounding structures, is to be one of * the distinc
tive features of the exhibition and a fitting exemplar of
the city by the Golden Gate. \ * , *\
Mr. Gould, the English cartoonist, has
thus defined his method: "To hit hard
without giving offense. Directly a car
toon, becomes abusive it fails in its
effect. This is purely the English ideal.
In America the people like strong per
sonal attack. An American caricatur
1st once expressed his surprise to me
at the mildness of English caricature.
He could not understand it until he
came over" here, 'when he soon found
that -the American style would not be
tolerated. Our people da not like bur 1 
lesque." There is no doubt that this
difference in taste Is a' phenomenon
which goes right Into the roots of na
tional character. It is worth the at
tention of psychologists and historians.
Why is American caricature cruel,
while English caricature is humane?
Doubtless American caricature has
been profoundly influenced by the Ger
man school, from Nast to Keppler, from
Keppler to Opper. But we must dig
deeper for the real explanatioij. Cruel
caricature" is a mark of political imma
turity, of raw civilization. France,
Germany and the United States are
still, in their political teens. We in
England have outgrown caricature and
other diseases ct political infancy. It
may be that we are senile; at any
rate, we are polite. It is true that we
are not yet so polite as the Chinese,
but we are creeping up.
Mr. -Gould is the politest caricaturist
who ever .lived. His favorite victim is
Mr. Chamberlain." He. has caricatured
Mr. - Chamberlain at ' least a thousand
times. Yet he and Mr. Chamberlain
are good friends. Indeed, after the
thard fought general election of 1895
Mr. Chamberlain wrote to him. saying
that he had been as much amused as
anybody, and serit..him his photograph,
inscribed, "From; the real Chamberlain
to the talented ' creator of the flcti
"tlous." Mr. Gould, not to be outdone,
sent a set of his caricatures to Mr;
Chamberlain. Fancy TViomas Nast and
Boss Tweed exchanging compliments
in '.this fashion!'— Doc-klovers''Macra.zin»J
English Caricature.
SAN FRANCISCO AT THE FAIR.
SILK CULTURE— F. H.. Sacramento.
Cal. Among the latest works on silk
culture are those by Chambola and by
C. E. Banford, also "Silk Dyeing'," by
G. H. Hunt, and "Silk of the Klne," by
L. McManus. Such books can be pro
cured through any first-class book
seller..
FIRST CANNON— A. E. S., San Jose.
Cal. . The first cannon cast la
America was at the foundry of Henry
Leonard, Lynn, Mass., in 1647. Cannon
were also cast in Crr's foundry at
Bridgewater, Mass., In 1648.
FIVE HUNDRED — G., Pinole, Cal.
This department cannot advise you as
to how the game of five hundred ia
played, according to Hoyle, for the
reason that the game is not mentioned
in Hoyle.
* Af last she was 'rescued by some
fishermen who ventured on the Island,
f half frightened at first by what they
thought was . an evil apparition.
/Marguerite was sent to France, but
her uncle ¦ discovered - her whereabouts
and '; continued - to persecute her. She
finally found a refuge.in a gyill French
village,* where she hid uf*u the Vice
roy's death: After that she came Into
the world once more and lived to a good
old age. — Youths' Companion.
At first the banishment did not seem
so dreadful a thing; the young man's
strength stood between his wife and
suffering, -and for two years all went
well. A child was born, and the. pa
rents began to plan for the establish
ment of a colony which might thrive
Jn this island home. Then came trou
ble, swift and terrible.
Disease smote the little family, and
the young wife and mother \ saw her
husband, child v and faithful nurse all
sicken and die. With her own hands
she dug thejr graves and buried all that
was dear to her. And then began a life
alone— a life in which the mere ques
tion of existence became a problem
hard indeed for a frail woman to solve.
By means of the gun that had been
her husband's she \ kept herself pro
vided with food and with skins for her
clothing.
For two years she lived a Robinson
Crusoe life, this gently nurtured, highly
bred girl. Once a boat filled with In
dians came • near the shore, but the
painful faces and fierce aspect of the
savages frightened her, so that she
hid Instead of hailing them. She spent
weeks of labor, in making a crude ca
noe, but her hands were unskilled, and
when, she lauched her craft It would
only tip over.
Off the coast of Newfoundland lies
a small island known as the Jsle of
Demons, which holds within its rocky
shores a romance as thrilling and a
tragedy as real as any told in fiction.
About 1540 Marguerite de Robecval,
niece of the French Viceroy, fell in
love with a young cavalier and prom
ised him her heart and hand. Her
uncle, . the Viceroy, considered ' the
youth unworthy of his niece's proud
position and, angered hy her refusal
to give up her lover, he passed a sen
tence of exile upon both of them. A
vessel carried the couple to the Isle
of Demons, leaving them there alone,
with an old nurse who had attended
the lady Marguerite from her child
hood, and who wished to- share her
exile.
"A Female Crusoe.
CANART ISLANDS— G. B. T., City.
There is but one Consul from the
United State? at the Canary Islands.
This one is Sol Berliner at Santa Cruz
de Teneriffe.
CHARLIE REED — H. A. F., City.
Charlie Reed, "just the plain comft
dian," died in Boston, November 19.
1892. '-i-~Jt
Answers to Queries.
"Whole armfuls of the atmosphere j
You'd like to hold an' hug.
When the fish is in the river ;
An' the bait is in the jug;
When you're off there, in the blossoms.
Just half a mile from town.
An' the flshin' pole Is noddin*
An' the cork's a-goin* down!
You're at peace with ever' mortal
Beneath a sky o' blue, -" 'L;;
With the trees a-sayin' "Howdy! '
As they wave their boughs to you.
Care's a ripple on the river —
In Its crystal flood 'twill drown
While the flshin' pole is noddin*
An' the cork's a-goin' down! •
— Atlanta Constitution.
The Fisherman's Song.
A Kansas City preacher h,a3: pointed
out that it takes only sixty hours for
an ordinary reader- to read the New
Testament through. One hour's read
ing a day for two months will com
plete the Book of Life. A business
man who did not believe these figures
tried for himself and reported to the
preacher that he had read the entire
New Testament in forty hours. More
important is the fact that a man may
read the New Testament for sixty
years and find ever new wisdom in it.
Rapid Reading.
The recent dry spell In the south
brings to mind a good story told on
Father Ubach, the venerable Spanish
priest in San Diego, and vouched for
by himself.
The Indiana of Southern California
have a legend that there are alternat
ing periods of seven years of drought
and seven years of plenty. In the
middle of one of these dry seasons a
delegation of Indians visited the fath
er and requested that the customary
prayers for rain be offered. Father
Ubach stepped out on his porch, look
ed at the parched earth and the cloud
less sky, then at the"~weather vane on
the church steeple and replied:
"Not to-day, my friends, not to
day. When the wind is from- the
southeast ', then I wlll*i>ray-for rain."
Diplomatic Prayers.
BOOST is regarded as an interloping word in the
language and in some dictionaries is put down as
vulgar. It was originally in use principally by
small boys in the^days of the wagon road circus, when
they rose early in the morning and went far out on the
country road to see the show come in. There they took
to the trees and the boy who first began to climb had the
right to call on the others to boost him. He got the first
look at the elephant.
But whether the word is fellowshiped among the le
gitimate transitive verbs that are domesticated in the
dictionary it is a good and expressive term and is just
now the household word in Oakland. That city has* lost
a number of good opportunities because no one would
boost her, and -the elephant has frequently passed with
out being seen. Such an opportunity occurred and was
unused a few years ago when "the city refused to buy,
dirt cheap, 160 acres of land on the western border for
a real park that would be first seen by all travelers on the
railroad. That failure has cost the town dearly, since
, first impressions .determine the action • of those upon
whom they are made, and millions of people passing the
front door' of Oakland and finding it filthy and unbeau
tiful have had no further interest in'the city..
Now a new project ison foot, not as complete as that'
which was unwisely rejected, but it is a beginning. It
will sweep and garnish the city to a desirable extent and
it should be adopted when the people have a chance to
vote on it. To secure this an organization of boosters
has been made with a grand high booster at the head.
The members are pledged to boost the bonding propo
sition and to silence all knockers. The City Council
seems to be a progressive body and to have the confi
dence of the boosters. Mr. Howard, chairman of the bond
committee, Addressing the assembled boosters, said: "It
is not so much a big city that we want, but whatever the
size let it be a good city. Good in all appointments and
good in all departments of government."
Given a proper location the city that adheres to that
idea and becomes a good city will also become a big city,
for it is the kind that is sought by people who have any
use for a city at all.
But few cities in the world have as many natural ad
vantages as Oakland. Its development should be sym
metrical and general in just proportion and in all parts.
If any part of the city have not all that it wants in the
present issue of improvement bonds let it get in and
boost and it will have its chance next time, which will
come soon when the good effects of the current boost be
come apparent!
The whole State is to be congratulated that at last
Oakland is aware that the circus is coming and is deter
mined to get boosted up where she will see the elephant.
BOOSTING OAKLAND.
After thirty-eight years' experience on the sea of matri
mony Buffalo Bill is seeking a harbor of refuge in the
divorce court. It is evident that the old Indian fight«r,
scout and showman has to run. away from some things
at least. ..¦¦..
flitor is hardly less vital and ; Is, in-
UX EKNEST RECK1TT
'*7i»:iJc:;t Illinois Aei-cciatlon of I*ublic Ae
ccar.tsat*; Jlxr.tr.lner for DelvenltT of
liMncis Board of Accountancy.)
'C.i'vHti.t. l'jm. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
The profession of the public account
ant Is the product of the modern meth
ods of transacting business, arid also
of that keen competition which makes
itself felt in every line of trade and
commerce. It may be stated that the
public accountant stands in the same
rt-laticr. to all matters affecting the or-
BftxUzatitm and supervision of records
of accounts and costs that the architect
bean iu the erection of a building. As
ih<- architect must be equally familiar
v.ith the- construction of a cottage, a
hospital or a factor}', so the public ac
countant must have an intimate knowl
td.ge uf the best forms of accounts in
iiH classes of business, and when en-
K&gcd upon a critical examination of
Them must know where to expect to
fir»d the weak places where losses may
occur. It is not expected of the archi
tect that he should be a bricklayer or
a plumber, neither must the public ac
countant be necessarily expected to be
t.. bookkeeper in so far as' the mere
beeping of the records Is concerned or
the spt-cd with which he might add a
column of figures or make a given
number of postings. Like the architect,
Iho public accountant is a designer and
creator, but instead of designing build-
Ings lit organizes and creates systems
of accounts and costs, and from his
knowledge of the needs of his client he
obtains all the required information
from various sources with the mini
mum amount cf labor^ and brings it to
gether into concise arid valuable state
ments that any layman can under
hand and appreciate.
The rapid growth of this profession
in this country during the past few
years and its increasing appreciation
on the part of the public make it one
which should appeal to young men
who are naturally endowed with those
qualifications which constitute a public
accountant and who are In doubt as to
what line of work to enter upon. The
professions of law and medicine are al
leady overcrowded, the investment of
capital in a small business is becoming
daily more hazardous, so that the fact
that go few college men enter the pro
fusion of public accountancy is un
doubtedly due to its being one of com
paratively recent date and because they
are ignorant of the excellent opportu
nities that this field of work opens up.
The opportunities for success in this
l.rofession are, however, not due to
any less exercise of energy, applica
tion and study than in other profes
sions, but exist solely on account of
the many calls on the part of the
public for the highest class of service
that an accountant can give, this de
mand being in excess of the present
EUpplj. Mediocre or second rate abil
ity will no more contribute toward
success in this profession than in any
other line of work, but what is claim
ed is that, to men of ability the
chances of securing a comfortable in
come are more favorable than in lOther
professions. Furthermore, his train
ing fits him to occupy most profit
able and responsible positions outside
of the accountancy profession to a far
greater extent than in other profes
sions.
Having discussed briefly the oppor
tunities of the profession from a ma
terial standpoint, it may not be out
of place to speak a few words as to
the standing of a | public accountant
among his fellow men. Every young
man of ambition wishes to feel, and
rightly so. that he is entering upon a
business or profession which stands
high in the regard of his friends and
associates. For the profession of ac
countanancy as it is to-day no apolo
pries are necessary. The relation which
exists between the public accountant
and his client is a personal one. in
volving on the part of the former an
intimate knowledge of his client's
most private affairs. The public ac
countant must therefore have a repu
tation above reproach to be worthy
c<f the confidences reposed in him.
Furthermore, the .work which an ac
rountant is employed to perform re
quires a higher order of skill and
aliility than the man of mediocre at
tainments could cope with. Therefore
both as regards personal character
and brain capacity, only the best of
*:ich is good enough for the account
ant vr^ia would be successful.
The meaning ot the term public as a
prefix to the ¦ name accountant has
dlten puzzled those who have not had
Its cause explained, and a few words
on this subject will further elucidate
the duties of the public accountant.
One of the most important functions
ci the accour.lant and auditor is to cer
t. iy : to the accuracy of statements rcp
j» renting the financial conditions of
business, both as to their present asseu
and liabilities and their past profits
end losses. Whether these certificates
be published or only used* for private
circulation the public ¦.:? deeply inter
ested, for upon the presentation of the
figures certified to the value of the
business or of the* capital stock of a
corporation will largely depend. For
tunes may be lo^t or made by error?
creeping Into "such statements, .cr as
La wTX'nce It. Dlcksee, a widely known
rharU.red accountant ' of ¦ England, puts
It: "Auditing is much too serious a
matter lo be trifled with: the "evil that
can be wrought by an incompetent au-
The Expert Accountant.
nection with Japan, is not only dis
tressed, but likewise dismayed, for h&
realizes that the war In Manchuria
and Korea entails a temporary efface
ment of Muscovite influence In the
Balkans, which redounds to the ad
vantage of Austria, and while the
Padishah dislikes the Russians, yet he
hates and fears the Austrians far more
bitterly. This is due to. the fact that
he realizes that the Czar and his peo
ple now desire above everythlnr else
the maintenance of the statu3 quo in
the Balkans, and are strongly averse
to either the creation of an independ
ent Macedonia or the annexation- of
the latter to Bulgaria.
Russia has found to her cost that
transformation of the Christian prov
inces of the Sublime Porte into more
or less independent states is not con
ducive to her polltlclal interests.
Roumania, Servia and Bulgaria all owe
their liberation from Ottoman^ thxall
dom to Russia, and in all three of
these Countries she is regarded to-day
with sentiments of hostility, and ex
periences difficulty In making her in
fluence felt in their capitals. The Czar
is not in sympathy with Macedonian
nationalist aspiration. He does not want
a Macedonia that is independent or
the predominant factor in a union be
tween her and Bulgaria. Nor dcies ha
want an independent Armenia, and it
was because he discovered that the
vast property of the Armenian church
in Russia was being employed to pro
mote the nationalist aspirations of the
Armenians in favor of an independent
Armenia in Turkey that he seized the
entire estate in question, so as to as
sure himself that the revenue should
only be employed for strictly educa
tional and ecclesiastical purposes and
not for political and revolutionary
propoganda.
In our view this is a vain theory. The municipal law
of the United States has exclusive jurisdiction here. Any
act that it forbids is legally preventable. To assume that
an act forbidden by law when done udder an American
charter cannot be forbidden when sheltered ! by a for
eign charter is to assume that the constitution itself can
be set aside by such charter. This is equivalent to say
ing that our whole system of government is destructible
by such pr.ocess. If foreign municipal law take prece
dence over our own on our own soil our Government is
without vigor or authority.
How the issue may arise cannot now be foreseen. It
may have to wait for an overt act referring to the foreign
charter as its authority, or the roads merged by such
charter may be denied the right of joint operation under
it, and by the proper writ be compelled to replace their
stocks in the possession of individual stockholders who
can be forbidden to exchange them for the certificates of
the foreign corporation, which may be outlawed as evi
dences of the ownership of the property. But however the
issue may appear, it is plain that American municipal law
will remain the supreme law of the land and incapable
of substitution by any extraterritorial authority what
ever.
Of course Messrs. Hill and Morgan dislike to surren
der a power which they grasped at such great cost. It is
not forgotten that the Northern Pacific and Burlington
stocks were secured by them at enormous prices, which
they had to pay to secure majority control of the two
roads necessary to make the merger and to make it ef
fective. They were advised by the ablest lawyers in the
country that an attack could only come from the State
courts, and when Governor Van Sant ordered the Attor
ney General of Minnesota to begin an action in the
courts of that State they saw an easy victory, and it
came. But when President Roosevelt ordered an action
in the Federal courts they faced a more difficult propo
sition. The people may be assured now that the re
sources of Federal law are not exhausted and will be
found quite equal to any difficulty that is presented by
the Canadian charter.
IT is announced that the managers of the Northern Se
curities Company applied for and obtained a Cana
dian charter immediately after Governor Van .Sant
began the Minnesota suit against the merger in, 1902. It
is stated that this Canadian charter covers operations in
Canada and the United. States. . ,
The Supreme Court, in passing upon the constitution
ality of the interstate commerce law, decided that Con
gress had the power to control interstate commerce by
such a law. The constitution says: "The Congress shall
have j)o\ver to regulate commerce with foreign nations
between the States and with Indian tribes."
When the interstate commerce law was before Con
gress it was objected to as an improper and excessive
exercise of this power, inasmuch as it proposed that
Congress should provide for the fixing or regulation of
rates of transportation. Senator Bayard made a very
able argument against the bill on that ground,. claiming
that regulation did not mean interference with rates.
He used the impossibility of regulating . international
rates of transportation as proof that such power did not
reside in Congress, because the regulation must relate
to the same things in all the particulars of interstate, in
ternational and tribal commerce.
It was believed that his argument was a correct state
ment of constitutional principles, butthe Supreme Count
swept it away by including transportation among the in
cidents of commerce, and the most important of them
all, and by challenging the opponents of the law to file
a bill of the particulars in which Congress could act in
regulating commerce if transportation were left out.
> With no power over transportation commerce is left
at the mercy of corporations engaged in that business.
They could so arrange rates as to entirely prohibit any
feature of interstate commerce. It would be at once
admitted that the Government would have power to in
terfere in such a case, and its interference must be di
rected to removal of the obstruction. As this obstruc
tion would be found in the rate of transportation its re
moval, of necessity, must be in "the form of regulating
rates. So the Senator's view of the law evaporated in
the application of the power of Congress to protect and
regulate commerce between the States.
These principles are applied by the court ih the merger
decision. This application need not wait for an overt
act, but is aimed at the power to commit such an act.
The existence of such a power is an inchoate offense,
which the courts will prevent by destroying the power to
commit it.
The court having invalidated the American charter,
because it implies power to do something in violation of
the law, will now be presented with a very interesting
phase of the question if an attempt be made to use the
prohibited power under a foreign charter. The Canadian
incorporation has been secured seemingly with the idea
that operation under it cannot be reached by an Ameri
can court!" J& X5. V t*
Prison-keeper Murphy was making
the rounds about 3 a. m. and discov
ered the morose Jackson in the act of
elevating himself from the floor by
means of a handkerchief tied one end
around his neck and the other to one
of the cell bars. Assisting, him to his
elevated'position was the other drunk,
never a smile and with the
philanthropic expression of a Car
negie on his face. In response to the
prison guard's question as to what he
was trying to do, the other Inebriate
responded calmly that "the coon
wanted to hang himself and he was
helping him out." Prison-keeper Mur
phy does not believe in the "helping
hand" policy in such an instance and,
lecturing the two inebriated gentle
men on "the evils of suicide as a
means of occupation," he departed
with a smile.
Mistah Jackson is,a Pullman car
porter who travels across the hot
sands of Nevada in the pursuit of his
vocation and a few honest dollars.
Over in Nevada, where the wild wind
blows and the lone coyote howls, the
speedy atmosphere leaves behind it a
trail of parched throats. Stations are
few and far between and the stops so
brief that the colored eentlemen on
the cars get little chance to hit an
oasis.
Mistah Jackson, when he lays over
in San Francisco after a tiresome run,
generally goes out to celebrate. The
peculiar thing about Jackson is that
on these times he becomes intensely
melancholy. One night somehow or
other Mistah Jackson was escorted to
the Hall of Justice in a condition sim
'ilar -to that of a wet sponge. The
prison-keeper placed him in a cell
along with another celebrity of the
same brand and left him to repose in
the peaceful solitude of the "pen."
Jackson seemed to take his forced
lodging much to heart and objected
; strenuously at being placed in the lat
: ticed room. ,
The Helping Hand.
A CANADIAN MERGER.
To the young man who may desire
to prepare himself for this profes'sion
a few words will be in place as to the
qualifications which are not obtained
by study, but which rather form a
part of his character. It is, of course,
assumed that the candidate has a na
tural love of figures and that he is well
versed in mathematics, and preferably
also in algebra and geometry as a
training to his reasoning faculties. To
these qualifications should be added a
large fund of common sense, caution
and patience, while accuracy in his
calculations and modes of thought and^
reasoning are absolutely essential.
The man who will accept as correct
the figures as they appear on books of
accounts because they contain no
clerical error or who will too readily
accept explanations given without
further investigation will never suc
ceed as an auditor. It is necessary to
know the reason of every step taken
and once satisfied that a given result
fs the true one, the accountant should
have the courage to stand by it.
In addition ' to the study of text
books and those natural qualifications
which have been referred to above,
experience must be gained by actual
work in an accountant's office. In no
other manner can any man prepare
himself for those duties and respon
sibilites which he will later be called
upon to bear after he has duly quali
fied as a certified public accountant.
During this period of apprenticeship
in the profession, as it may be termed,
he will be called upon to perform a
considerable amount of routine work,
which at times may appear irksome,
but which will give him a thorough
foundation in the. principles of ac
counting and auditing.
In conclusion nothing better can be
quoted than the following paragraph
out of Dicksee's "Work on Auditing":
"Accountancy is a profession calling:
for a width and variety of knowledge
to which no man has yet set a limit;
the foremost accountants are not
ashamed to say that, like Epami
nondas, they 'learn something in addi
tion every day'; let us therefore see
no Ehamp in following their example."
The students of law or medicine
must pass examinations successfully
before they practice as lawyers or
doctors, so ' that the public may be
protected against those who are un
qualified, hence the value of placing
the public accountant on the same
footing is too obvious for further com
ment, except to state that the effect of
this law is to give to the certified pub
lic accountant a professional stand
ing which very properly should in
crease his responsibilities.
Realizing the necessity of some means
by which the public can discriminate
between the qualified public accountant
and the unqualified public accountant,
the Legislatures of the States of New
York. Pennsylvania. Illinois, Maryland.
California and Washington have all
passed laws creating the title of certi
fied public accountant and granting
same upon due examination. The law*
are not restrictive in their character,
re they do not prevent any person from
practicing as a public accountant, ex
cept that only he who has duly passed
the examination can term himself "cer
tified public accountant," or use the
abbreviation "C. P. A." after his name.
In the State of Illinois the University
of Illinois is the body that is empow
ered to hold examinations and grant
decrees; the qualifications being that
the applicant must be a citizen of the
United States or have declared his in
tention of Incoming a citizen, and be
over the age of 21; he must have re
ceived a high school education or its
equivalent, and be a man of good moral
character. He must also successfully
pass examinations on the following
subjects: "Practical accounting,"
"theory of accounts," "auditing" and
"commercial law."
finitely more extensive than that which
may be exercised by an unqualified
medical practitioner. The latter, if he
be the possessor of an extensile prac
tice, may poison a hundred or so pa
tients in the course of his career; but
the former can. while merely confining
his attention .to the affairs of one un
dertaking, readily accomplish the ruin
of tens of thousands in a much shorter
period."
ficial insect that has been imported into California, has
an appetite for more than one particular sort of food.
Without that sole desideratum it must starve. Therefore
it follows that the limit to the multitudes of insect pest
destroyers, in the war of bug against bug, is fixed abso
lutely by the quantity of the scales that supply an .exclu
sive diet. Millions of beneficial insects that continue to
exist, therefore, necessarily imply millions of dangerous
scales. Place a colony of the imported insect friends of
the horticulturist in any infested -orchard and they will
soon expand the scope of their operations and seek new
fields to conquer, as Alexander did. The scales as cer
tainly extend the areas of their baneful operations.
Now it is clear that if the scales increase to millions
in the country the incitements to fecundity in .the imme
diate urban neighborhood are existent. The cities may
become centers of infection by means of* neglected
growths.. Quarantine laws against the introduction - of
trees and fruits guard only the frontiers. California's
interior cities are situated in the heart of fruitful sections.
Sacramento is pioneering the way r in the matter of
cleansing its own trees. Other communities will find it
to their advantage to look with the keen glance of
science to their yards and .streets in search of insect
pests. The enduring thrift of the country surrounding
them is the basis of their own lasting prosperity. Let
all trees in interior cities that are the favorite habitat of
scales be inspected and let other necessary action follow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
___J ./._..;, » • y ¦¦ . - ' : ••' __/..... : ,, ,; ,,,' ----- — 1- .¦....¦>^,: m»^.^...^^.>
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ? . . ? ...• .Address AH Commanicatioaj to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office '.". • . . <!|?|||||||~> ¦ .'. • ? • • Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY........ ........:.......'........ .......;....;............. ...MARCH 17, 1904
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThe International Specialty Com
pany, of which George and 'Richard
Porter, S. R. Jacobs, L. Ph. Bolander
and H. R. Bolander are directors, was
Incorporated for $100,000.
Professor Gajlej Win Speak.
Professor Charles Mills Oaney of
the University of California will lec
ture under the auspices of the C^.in
nlng Auxiliary to-morrow night at th«
First Unitarian Church.
— WASHINGTON. March 16. — The
Dietrich investigating committee re
sumed its inquiry into the charge*
against Senator Dieirich to-day.
J. JR. Wright, formerly a janitor in
the postoffice at Hastings, was called
to show the exorbitant charges in con
nection with the remo%-al of the old
postofflce fixtures from the Garbling
to the Dietrich building. The witness
stated he knew nothing about the
exorbitant charges, although the sum
mary furnished by the District Attor
ney stated that the witness would tes
tify to frauds in connection with the
removal. Wright stated he knew of
no frauds or misdoings of any one
connected with the. removal of the
postoffice at Hastings. He said that
he had a talk with Leopold Hahn after
his return from Omaha and that Hahn
had said he would get even with
Fisher (who was appointed post
master) If It took ten years and
510,000.
Affidavits of Alexander Campbell of
McCook, Nebr., and Dr. John Cook of
Hastings, now deceased, were offered
in evidence by Senator Dietrich's at
torney. These affidavits deny certain
conversations said to have taken place
between Hahn and Dr. Cook regard-
Ing the sale of the postoffice by Sena
tor Dietrich.
Senator Dietrich then offered a
statement of his connection with the
Hastings postoffice, together with
checks, deed of the Dietrich property,
passbooks of the bank where his
daughter keeps her account and other
matters bearing on the case. .
This closed the hearing so far as
the witnesses in attendance were con
cerned and they were discharged. The
PARIS, March 16. — The case of the
republic of Colombia against the Pan
ama Canal Company to prevent the
transfer of the tatter's concession to
the United States was resumed to-day
b«fore the first tribunal of the Seise.
The former president of the tribunal,
Maitre Dubuit, continued his argument
In behalf of the company's right to sell
its concession to the United States.
"The initiative of these negotiations
for the sale did cot come from os, but
from the Government ot Colombia," ex
claimed Dubuit. Counsel farther as
serted that the republic of Panama was
fully organized as a sovereign state. In
closing Dubuit made the following sig
nificant query:
"Why should we solicit your consent
when your authority ceased to exist?
Let us speak frankly. It Is a question
of price, is It not? And it is b«st that
we do not discuss that branch of tha
Question."
Maitre Guillaumin. representing Bo
naparte "Wise, the original concession
aire, pointed out to the court that the
civil tribunal of the Seine decided
March 15, 1802. that the company could
make the transfer, but limited the time
till March 4. 1903. He Insisted that this
decision prevented the transfer to the
United States after the latter date.
Adjourned until to-morrow.
Dubuit's statement that Colombia's
consent to the transfer was "a Question
of price" was much commented upon.
San Francisco will elect to the next
Legislature eighteen Assemblymen and
six Senators. The outgoing State Sen
ators are Joseph M. Plunkett, Seven
teenth District; Richard J. Welch,
Nineteenth; Edward I. Wolfe, Twenty
first; John G. Tyrrell. Twenty-third,
and John H. Nelson, Twenty-fifth.
George H. Williams, Twenty-fourth,
who was elected in 1902 to serve for
four years, died July 17, 1903, and at
the next election a Senator will be
chosen to fill the unexpired term.
The holdover State Senators from
San Francisco are Harry Bunkers
(Dem.), Eighteenth District; Frank
French (Rep.), Twentieth, and Hamil
ton A. Bauer (Rep.), Twenty-second
District. Senator Wolfe is in the field
as a candidate for re.nomination. Sen
ator Nelson is accredited* with an am
bition to extend his "career as a states
man. Senator Welch, chief wharfinger
of the harbor of San Francisco, has
not declared his desire to enter the
contest for renomination to the Sen
ate, but he has a strong following in
the district. There, is talk of giving
the Republican nomination in the
Twenty-third District to George R.
Keane. the. secretary of the Mayor.
Thomas Lindsay and Martin Brady are
mentioned as aspirants to fill the va
cancy in the Twenty-fourth District.
In the Seventeenth District, now repre
sented by Joseph M. Plunkett (Dem.),
there is some talk of placing Barney
Conlan on the Republican ticket.
POLITICIANS NOT IDLE.
There will be the usual crop of
aspirants to represent the city in the
Assembly. Candidates for the United
States Senate are not taking an active
part In the preliminary agitation. Local
politicians who are ever on the alert
to get control of a bunch of legislators
are not Idle. In their estimation the
election of a United States Senator is
only an incident of the legislative ses
sion. The events apply to legislation
affecting corporations and the liquor
traffic
In the readjustment of the Sena
torial districts under the apportion
ment which went into effect January
1, 1902, the counties of Napa and So
lano, comprise the Fifth Senatorial
District. Robert Corlett of Napa, who
was elected in 1900 to represent the
old Seventh District (Xapa and Lake)
Is In the field as a candidate for Re
publican nomination in the new dis
trict. Word comes from Vallejo that
John J. Luchsinger of Vallejo, who
represented Solano County when that
county alone comprised the Ninth
Senatorial District, Is not in the race
for further legislative honors, but his
retirement from the field clears the
way for the candidacy of Benjamin P.
Rush of Suisun. Vallejo has had the
Senatorship for eight years, and now it
Is claimed that the northern end of
the county should be recognized. In
the Solano calculations Napa County
sentiment is not taken Into considera
tion, as the delegation from the former
county in the nominating convention
will be the dominating power. Mr.
Rush Is president of the State Agricul
tural Society.
CONTRA COSTA VS. MARIN.
There is gossip in political circles to
the effect that Contra Costa County
Republicans do not intend to give the
right of way to Marin County in the
selection of a Senator to represent the
new Ninth District. It is claimed that
Marin County, uilder the old alternate
system, has had the Senator for four
teen out of the past twenty years.
Marin. it is asserted, gains the advan
tage by electing a Democrat from
that county when it is Contra Costa's
turn to name the Republican candi
date. According to the alternate plan
the Republicans of Marin are entitled
in this campaign to name the candi
date of the party for State Senator.
Four years ago Contra Costa Republi
cans named Charles M. Belshaw, but
Marin County, which is accounted Re
publican by at least 500 majority, gave
J. H. Wllkins. Belshaw's Demo
cratic opponent. 162 majority. Ma
rin County Republican aspirants
for the coming Senatorial nomi
nation are General John H. Dick
inson. E. C. Chapman and E. B. Mar
tinelli. The Contra Costa delegation
¦will have the power to control the
nomination, and the power may be
used to give Charles M. Belshaw the
prize.
The voters next November may be
called upon to elect an Associate Jus
tice of the Supreme Court. Jackson
Temple (D.), who was elected for a
term ending January, 1907, died De
cember 26. 1902, and Governor Gage
filled the vacancy on the bench by the
appointment on January 5, 1903, of
William G. Lorigan. who was then
Judge of the Superior Court, Santa
Clara County.
VIGO, Spain, March 16. — At 9:30
o'clock this morning King Alfonso and
Emperor "WiUiam went aboard the
Spanish gunboat . Vasco Xunez de
Balboa, which weighed anchor, and
proceeded to review the Spanish war
ships. As the Vasco Nunez de Balboa
passed the Spanish battleship Pelayo
and the dispatch boat Urania both ves
sels fired salutes. The Palayo's band
played the German national anthem
and the sailors who manned the sides
cheered the two monarchs. The Vasco
Nunez de Balboa was followed by more
than thirty steamers. After the review
the two rulers were rowed to the Span
ish royal yacht Giralda for lunch. At
the luncheon Emperor William ap
pointed King Alfonso an Admiral In
the German navy. There were no
toasts proposed. Afterward the Em
peror conferred the Order of, the Black
Eagle on the captains of the Pelayo,
the Giralda and the Vasco' Nunez de
Balboa. The monarchs conferred for
an hour and a half in the saloon of -the
Giralda. ¦;. .J
Emperor William to-day sailed for
Gibraltar on board the steamer Koenlg
Albert and was accompanied on that
vessel by King Alfonso until outside
Spanish waters.
. An authenticated copy of the will
of Frances H. Lowndes, who died re
cently In London, was filed here yes
terday. The devisee's are F. L. and D.
V. Lowndes, sons of deceased, and Ger
trude Morrisey and Theodora Find
ley, her daughters. Each of the son*
is bequeathed $50,000 In cash and one
fourth oi the residue. The daugh
ters divide the remainder.
, Mrs. 'Lowndes* Sons Enriched.
BERLIN., March 15. — Letters from
German South Africa have arrived
here giving details of the brutal treat
ment of German settlers, 113 of whom
were killed outright or tortured to
death in the district of Okahandja
alone. Women dismembered and with
pieces of their bodies nailed to the
doors of houses and bodies mutilated
left to die slowly were frequent spec
tacles. The expeditionary columns on
coming in sight of a farmer's house
would see the heads of its occupants
fastened to the roof.
These sights appear to have excited
the rage of the soldiers. The letters
express longing for revenge and a de
termination, as one writer says, to "kill
everything black." That causes some
papers to urge the Government to tele
graph instructions to Colonel Leut
wein, the Governor of Southwest
Africa, that he order the soldiers to
restrain themselves and conduct the
war in a civilized raaner. Colonel
Leutwein himself comes in for criti
cism, as it is alleged he left insufficient
numbers of troops in the exposed dis
tricts and was misled by the temper of
the natives, having frequently had at
his own table chiefs who are now In
rebellion and who are wearing dtcora
tions and swords of honor bestowed
upon them by the Governor in behalf
of the Emperor. The Tageblatt Inti
mates that Colonel Leutwetn will be
recalled.
committee then adjourned until Satur
day, when A. S. Riher of Hastings,
who ha3 been subpenaed, ' will be
heard.
Affidavits Are Submitted
and Senator Offers State
ment of His Part in Case
Says Republic Is Well Or
ganized and Asks if Ques
tion Is Not One of Price
Lenient Policy of Colonel Is
Not Approved and Gov
ernment May Recall Him
6ermany ? s Sovereign Is Es
corted to the National
Limits by His Young Host
Contests in Napa, Solano, Ma
rin and Contra Costa Ee
publican Camps Expected
SPEECH IS DISCUSSED
HONORS OF EMPEROE
A JANITOR TESTIFIES
PEELIMINAEY AFFAIES
LEUTWEIX CKITICIZED
Rulers Keview Spanish Fleet
and Afterward Lunch on
Board the Koyal Yacht
This City Must Elect Half
Dozen New Members to Up
per House of Legislature
Letters From South Africa
Tell of Awful Treatment*
of the German Settlers
Maitre Dubuit, Connsel for
Panama Company, Puts a
Very Significant Question
Evidence in Dietrich Case
Develops That One Witness
Was Actuated by Malice
ARGUING ABOUT
SALE OF CANAL
SEEKS REVENGE
ON POSTMASTER
NATIVES ADOPT
SAVAGE METHOD
KAISER MEETS
KING ALFONSO
SIX SENATORS
TO BE CHOSEN
' ¦ •.•¦•..¦.-¦.¦ iii Mi'F^imiiii
• THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1904.
lycaves Estate to CWldren.
The J30.000 estate of Margaret
O'Conner goes to her three children,
Joseph and John O'Connor and Mary
Moran. Mrs. O'Connor's will was filed
yesterday. , ' . •
New Incorporations.
Articles of Incorporation of the
Reno Light and Power Company ware
filed yesterday. The directors are P.
L. Flanlgan. W. H. Patterson, J. A.
Fontaine, C. L. Gibb and ¦ F. " P. . Deer-
Ing.- It has a capital stock of J1.000,
000. of which $1250 is subscribed.
The International Mercantile Com
pany was incorporated for $100,000.
The directors are J. A. Marsh, R. F.
Allen. G. W. Emmons, G. M. Kyle. W.
H. Payson. H. F. Peart, J. M. Me-'
Croskey, A- G. Tasheira and X.
Fancher.
9
POSTTJJfc CTrrVEATi. ____>
Truth Never Dodg'es
No Matter Who Shoots
Try to fool ourselves as we will drowning Nature's warnings by telling each other in
loud tones "nonsense, Coffee don't hurt." way down deep somewhere we know better,
don't we? Science has proved that coffee contains deadly drugs, and all around us we see
sallow, nervous, dyspeptic, short-winded coffee cranks. They "don't know the cause."
*5C ICnCC lliflS PrOVCU that a few teaspoonfms of strong coffee will kill a frog, bird or small animal — would
probably kill an infant, too. Also proved that the poisonous drug, Caffein (in coffee)
directly attacks the heart, kidneys and stomach and wrecks the nerves.
lL jLJOrl L IvllI adults outright, for we go at it by degrees (weak in youth and stronger later on) and
» become so permeated with it that the nervous and vital power is reduced, but still it's ham-
, - mer, hammer, hammer and slug, slug, slug at the nerves and organs until fixed disease ot
' some form results— very few escape entirely.
\J\J I UU IVIIU W V/lIC coffee fiend entirely frte from disease? There are thousands who cannot get life insurance
ori account of "Coffee Heart* alone. That' ? just one reason of many why eminent
% physicians interdict coffee in all cases and prescribe in its place the food-drink
PO & T U TT1
When boiled full 15 minutes Postum has the deep, darlc seal brown color; is heavy
with food value and nourishment — a sure rebuilder especially where coffee has been doing
damage. It is not as bitter as coffee; some (a great many) like it better and some not
Ten days' trial of well-made Postum in place of coffee will give any coffee drinker an idea
• of how sound, strong, sturdy bodies and clear, keen brains can be made out of the worst
Look for the little book "The Road to Wellville" in each pkg.
PATTOSIEX'S.
AMUSEMENTS.
QOLUiViBbA mm naia
Last rour Nights £££&,.
Jots C. F;sher*s TUP MDSt Mardflcest
«upen«ous I fir f( A!1 Musical
Pr«s*=tatiim * U *^ CoreMy Producticss.
SILVER SLIPPER
Wtlix SAMXTXI, COZ.LUTS.
The S«z«at:cnal Cia=pame Dasce.
seat salT;:s£ ,„
MARY MANNERING
la the New, Modera Ccraedy by Leo Ditrich-
steia. Entitled
HARRIETS HONEYMOON
SSgirST Monday Night.
ALCAZAR^sT.
Generai Manaser.
AT 8 TO-STXGHT — Slats. S&t/aad Srm.
-Parsifal stctild b« seen."— Call.
E'.chara Wagser'a Miracle Flay,
...PARSIFAL...1
Produced under U;e personal directlcn of
Fre-ieric Be'asco.
Tise Bsn^pjiz an orchestra of Twenty.
Evgz.. 22c to SI. Slats. Sat. A :»-.-.. .CV to 73c
"'Given xrilb intense sincerity and reverence.
It cannot h<?Ir>" r*st uplift the spectator. It
if w-eii wcrtii «*e:r.a". " — Chronicle.
UZ,m i HAL M £o^
y ---.-- «tre*t. near Eictth. Ffcon* South S33.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
iL^TTNEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Tte GreitMt d AS Irish Drasa*.
shamus o'brien"!
'THE COLD BOT gT GLENGALU"
HEESCHEL MATALL AS ••SHAMUS."
Jig Sr*cialtie* ty Cfcamploa Gaelic Dascera.
PBTfTS ¦*enSa«i 10c to 50c
raiVLnJ Ma::a»#» 10c. 15c 3c I
gext — THIS 3CXPO OP PETSCTXIH3
Celebrate • ; SL Patricks
•m- Day •
TO-DAY BY WITNESSING
The Rounders |
A Fuasy. BeaatilaL Deii«tetfttl Musical
Comedy. * ¦ -•- .
SUxniacestly Stared— Perfectly Acted.
RESERVED SEATS— SifUlr. 25c. 50c and
'•' Saturday and Sunday Matinees. SSc and
Sue ChUirta at M«::r.»».. 10c and Sc
STSxrt n*a.T- — -nnwurr.-
BE6IMSING MONDAY, MARCH 21.
g-ry Mary of
rioftO Magdala
Seats Now on Sale.
Prices, 50c, 75c, SI. $150, $2.
Slfb-Cl&cs Specialties Every Afternoon
•ad SresSar is. tht TSoroarMr
Seated Tbeater.
TO-BTOKT
GALA AMATtUtS PERFORMANCE
CoscttadlBa- Wtm
NEW LIVING PICTURES
GET LOST IN THE MTETIC MIRROR
MAZE!
VIEIT CABARET DE LA MORT.
ADMISSION XOe | CHH.DBEX. 8«
Wfeen PttoBiBa- Ask for "Tto« Orates."
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB,
Ractsc Each Week Day. Rala or R*ttM_
Six or More Races Daily.
Kaeca cotamextee at 2:19 p. m. ataarst
For apadal trains atoppiax at tb* track tak*
S. P. Ferry, foot ot Ifarkat street, at 12. 12i»a
1 :«i. 1 ;30 or 1 o'clock. No axaokiaa- ta last two
cars, wtlch few reserved far ladies and their
•fccorta.
RetBjxlsc trains leer* track at 4:1* and
I :*4 aad bsSMdiately after tb* last nes.
H. WILLIAMS. President
ITERCT W. TREAT. Sacrctarr. ¦ '
I TO WHOM 1
I IT MAYJMNCERN I
i! It has come to our notice from reliable sources that jiMt
r I our "downtown* 1 competitors are spreading the rumor r^J
I } that this store is not going to close, and that our RE- fe|
I TIRING SALE is not genuine. fe|j
| j We now take occasion to announce that the doors of p^|
| j this establishment will be closed on April 30th FOREVER, Kf
I ! and all stories to the contrary spread by the different feji
{ ] salesmen of our "downtown" competitors are falsehoods, II3
1 * made for the purpose of inducing customers to buy their p||
i j goods and pay double the prices that they can now buy |^j
j I the same articles for at cur store. ||b|
; PATTOSIEN COMPANY, PJ
JjJ • W. J. Pattosien; Mgr. jv^
AMUSEMENTS.
I I Y \JjL*l HOUSE.
:last poub wights or
THE GYPSY BARON
Strmnee' Romantic Opera In Three Arts.
SZO. BOXEHTCO SUSSO *¦
SAST>O* BABIKEAT
MATTXEE SATURDAY.
SECLTRE SEATS IN* ADVANCE!
MONDAY. March H— Flnt Production In
Sa.a Francisco of
MR. PICKWICK.
Initial Appearance Here of " .
OOSA.SB 7ZXAXPPS.
Usual PopuUr Prteea tie. 60c and 75e
Box S«au Jl.CO
CALIFORNIA
fS SEE TIIE BABY! Ofck
MR. Of T I I \7l
DANIEL 3ULLY I
la faia greatest aaccecs, - u
THE OLD MILL STREAM I
A Rural Rorrance of Surpassing Ex- I
cellenc*. y
ISanday— BEN HENDRICKS I
In his new play. "ERICK OF m
ft SWEDEN." B
EmmettComgan Company
Presenting "Jockey Jones"; Nichols
Sisters; Loney Haskell and Orphe-
um Motion Pictures. i
Last times of the Barrows-Lan-
caster Company: Poettinger's Swed-
ish Ladles* Quintet: Ferguson and
Mark: Gillo'-; Artesto and the ,
Lowe-Hughes Duo.
Regular Matinees every Wednesday, Tburs- :
day. Satorday and Sunday. Prices 10c, 23c
end 50c
3HSCT7T.T, A TTEO PS.
JjM>DAKJt
and
Dcvelotiin^
At Cut Prices.
Send rae a trial order NOW. If you try
my work once yoa'll continue to be my
patron. My work ia hlrh claw, my equip-
ment is perfect, and I ft It out promptly.
My prices are the lowest on the coast.
Her* are a few firures:
» DEVELOPING:
Roll of *Sx. 10<r: roll of twelre, 15c
PRINTING:
Soiio finish. 3c to 5c: velox finish. 3e to 6c.
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS In/ all
the popular alzea at my usual law price*.
Mail Orders Filled Promptly.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer.
1008 MASXBT ST., Above Powell,
San Francisco. Cal.
JJUST PURE BEEFj
| LIEBIG r
COMPANY'S
Extract of Beef
I bhu signature : )H n 'T-ff^y ¦
1 y gl
Palace doiitfailto
lUiaw §et tht beatrtiful
j COURT Lounging
** UI * PARLOR, the
r*~~~.J PALM ROOM, tho
tiraou louis xv par -
U1UUU LOR, and th« LA-
n A ij. DIES* WRITINQ
Hotels I room* 1
a OTU \ if /I To 8tay Cur *<*- Cause re.
ilM Mulll moved. Health restor-d.
rtVF ¦ ¦¦I'IMjfo mart Asthm* or Hay
niPFn 3&" ***¦ * Fr ~
UVllLU P.tHAHOLD HATE3.Rain or shine) the, ponies ¦will race' at Tan
foran .Thursday, 1 MarchT'17,- : and Saturday,
March 19. Go to these great races, on special
train leaving Third and Townnend -, streets at
1 :30 o. ,, m.; on both ; days. N Special ; - round : trip
tickets. 40 can u. Aak Southern Faclfl«t»«ent«.»
Pony; Races at Tanforan.
ST. PAUL, Minn., March 16.—Man
ager Kelley of Jthe St. '. Paul American
Association . Baseball Club has secured
.W. J.- Slagle, an "outfielder, who played
with' Spokano* last year, v ' r^~^
Slagle to Play at St. Paul.
Old Opponent of Sullivan Dies.
* NEW YORK, March 16.— John
Flood, who fought John L. Sullivan
nine rounds on a banre anchored in
the East River, near Hellgate, in 1880,
died suddenly to-day. Heart disease
Is believed to have been responsible.
Flood was employed as a detective, by
a firm of horse, dealers arid was well
known to horsemen .throughout the
country- *»
The usual sixty-four dog stake was
drawn last night for th's week's run
ning at Union Coursing Park. . The
greyhounds are exceptionally well
matched. The draw resulted as fol
lows: .
Aggie W v«. Barge; Friendless Boy vi Gen
eral Dewet; Texas Betty vb. Frisky Barbara;
Amandan v«. Ploughman; Ragtime vs. Hoy
Hughle: Irvlngton Tralee v». Sir "Wlnton; Pep
per Jack vb. Tralee Boy; Hudson vs. Fair Tra
lee; Eagle vs. Texas Ginger; Humbug vs. Mc-
Henry; Boots vs. Concord Tralee; Frisco Lad
vs. Ml Arolgo; Emln. Bey vs. Miss Green;
Raby Aurora vs. Red Rock; Duhallow vs. Real
Article; Texas Mamie vs. Donny brook; Vandal
vs.. Star Ryevamus; Pasha King vs. Sempro
nlus, . McVey vs. Renegade .Apache; Frank
Dunn vs. Free Born; The ¦ Referee vs. '¦ Black
Coon; Gold I'lly vs. Sacramento Lass; Terah
vs. Yankee Boy; High Born vs. Tillle R; Sliver
Heels vs. Piker; ' Molly Me vs. Game Boy;
Pasha Pleasant- vs.. Cloverdale;- Lost Chord
vs. Bet Lion; Ruby Sankey vs.' Racing Auto;
Melllnwood vs. Reta S; Mcnlo Prince vs. Hap
hazard; Haughty Helen vs. Lorti Brazen.
SIXTY-FOUR GREYHOUNDS
, IX UNION PARK STAKE
First race— Gateway, Sturty Killer,
Lady AtheUnr.
Second race— Marie 3, Llarht of Say,
Bileo.
Third race— Klo Shannon. Korarth.
Searcher.
rourtb race — Fat Morrisaey. Ta* Tret
ter, David S.
Tilth race — Silurian, La'dy Kent. Ski?
Me. -
Sixth race— Ita«rerdon, Daisy Green,
Albnla.
According to a Berne newspaper a
surprising number of the Russian stu
dents at Swiss universities are mar
ried. : . .
Favorite players are ekeing out a
precarious existence these days. Six
straight choices had their pictures
turned toward the wall and the book-,
maker who did not collect something
for himself must needs be a clumsy
artist with the chalk and chamois.
Buxton did ride with some show of
animation on Assessment, landing the
gelding first for the opening event at
odds of 9 to 1. Rustic Girl, backed
from 20 down to 12, made all the run
ning and. only lost the decision by a
head. Jack Martin 'gave the favorite,
Young Morello, a vigorous ride, but
could finish no closer up than third.
Educate had speed, but found the
route too far. Argot, the second choice,
quit early. ¦
,J.,T. Sheehan had the honor of pilot
ing Zenonian, the odds-on favorite for
the Futurity sprint following, and did
it with as much skill as a Chinese
•laundryrnan would display handling a
mule pack train with a jerk line. First
into the, stretch,; he was" seized with
short odds fright, when Vanderbout,
astride Box Elder, closed on his mount.
Then, throwing away the reins and
turning his horse's head loose, he drew
the whip. Vanderbout didn't do much
better, but lacks experience. . In the
interim Jack , Martin slipped through
on the rail with Inspector Munro less
than a furlong away, winning ridden
! out by. a couple of lengths. The favor
ite was a poor third.
ROLLICK DOWNS. CRISS CROSS.
.Sheehan redeemed himself,' however,
Modicum, the Burns handicap win
ner, lost the $.1000 handicap over onS
and an eighth miles at Oakland track
yesterday after it looked as if his
number must be flashed first. He was
ridden by Mountain and in the bet
ting closed favorite-over Elliott and
the McAlester entry, Horatius and
Bombardier.
Mountain took Modicum out in
front at the start and the only one to
prove at all troublesome was Key
note, a hundred-pounder, which was
not'thoroughly subdued until the pad
dock was almost reached.
With "Doc" Kyle's horse out of th>»
way things looked bright for the fa
vorite, when suddenly Iva Powell
came from the suburbs with Horatius.
The latter caught the pacemaker leg
weary and won cleverly by nearly a
length. Away from the barrier poor
ly, Elliott finished a fair third.
If C. Smith on Keynote had dis
played any judgment in picking his
way and had taken the' dryer going
out from the rail his mount would in
all likelihood have been returned the
winner. Leader was slow to leave the
barrier and Martin apparently made
no effort to persevere with him.
SIX CHOICES LOSE.
Hello! Oh, yea-Keegan. Didn't
recognize your voice since you've had
your collars lowered two stories.
What's. that you say? Why yes, that's
the same Rustic Girl that started on
March 7. No trouble at all. Good-by.
Twenty-three bookmakers cut In
yesterday.
Jimmy Jackson and his crew left for
Memphis last evening. Counsellor Mills
Capps and Ed Noel, the crack bowler,
will be greatly missed from turf circles.
The stewards reinstated Hiram Pierca
yesterday. Hiram grew obstreperous
one day at Ingleside and struck H.
NOTES OP THE TRACK.
In the next by riding a well-judged race
on the 12 to 1 shot Rollick and down
ing Criss Cross half a length. The lat
ter was best and should have won had
Mountain used more, discretion in
escaping the deep footing. Buxton's
piloting of Galanthus, the favorite,
caused that rider to fall In for much
adverse criticism. He assuredly saved
no ground and then the Coffey entry
ran a fair third. Quiz II played a one
night stand out in front before retiring.
Billy Matjrane's little horse, 'Hand
press, ruled a pronounced favorite for
the fifth race, but more than met his
equal In First Chip. The odds about
the latter receded from 2 to 1 to 16. to u.
and he had the race won almost from
the first jump. Handpress, under
Daly's persuasive urging, swerved bad
ly the last eighth and then succeeded
in taking the place from Flaneur. Sir
Preston showed some speed early" In
the race.
I San Francisco will have a shade the
worst of the games with Chicago, be
cause inclement weather has prevented
the right sort of training, but gritty
Jimmy Whalen thinks he will be able
to hold the big leaguers down.
In view of the expense . of the trip
Manager Harris has decided to charge
a 50-cent admission at these two games
only, with an extra tariff of 25 cents
for the grand stand. During the reg
ular season, however, the old rate of
25 cents will prevail. 1
Jim Morley thinks the Chicago Na
tional League team is the fastest bunch
of ball players he ever saw, and he
says the fans have a treat in store
on Saturday and Sunday, when the
Eastern aggregation lines up at Recre
< ation Park for a couple of exhibition
games with the club that will repre
! sent San Francises in the Coast
League.
Accordin& to Morley, Chicago- looks
like a pennant winner to him. He says
the infield is fast and snappy and that
l*he outfield can cover as much ground
{ as any three men he ever saw play-
I ing the positions. Selee has Kling. con
sidered to be the best catcher in the
business when all things are consid
ered, with O'Neill as change backstop.
Chance, the Fresno giant, has adapted
himself to the first sack and .is her
alded as one of the best men in the
I country at that important position.
Evers. Casey and Tinker are the other
infielders. McCarthy, Slagle and' Jones
comprise the outfield, a great staff
of young pitchers with Enough expe
rience to take them out of the experi
mental class completes the team. -
Tbtfe-elrhtbs of a mile — R. and W. A. Mc
«Yeery'» Mamie; W. E. Pedley'e Queen
Rucker; R. Rpr^kds' Fretful and Pat; F. J.
Grace's Mauale Swift.
FIve-elghth» of. a mile — W. E. Pedley'a Car
lotta: R. Spreekel*" Lotrix and Cacahaute; L
Vr-Creery'* Lucy Glitter*. .
Thre*-eixteenths of a mile — W. S. Hobart"*
Silver Dick; R. and W. A. MeCreery'* Sunset;
the Baywood RtuoV Parachat; B. gpreckels'
Maud H' and E«ck>-; F. J. Carolan'B Bonnie
and Flodora.
A special train will leave Third and
Towntsend streets at 1:30 o'clock, re
turning immediately after the last race.
The electric cars of the San Mateo line
will also take intending spectators di
rect to the track. The entries:
Three-eighths of a mile — \V. E. Tedleys
CAjeen Rucker: R. t-preckels* Pc-rhome and
AUhomer; F. J. Graces Maudie Swift.
One-quarter of a mile — W. P. Hobart's Sil
ver Dick: R. and W. McCreery's Sunset; R.
Frreckel«* Becky; F. J. Carolan's Bonnie.
Thrwe hundred yards — F. J. Grace's Dick:
W. A. MeOeery's Prince and Jim; F. J. Car
clan's RoieuIub and Remut; Paul Clay*tone'g
V>nu«.
Thomas H. Williams, president of the
New California Jockey Club, will be
the presiding judg? c-f the meeting.
The affair is expected to prove a so
1 ial as well as a racing success. There
will be music and it will tak<» more
than lowering skies to dampen the. en
thusiasm of those interested in the
sport.
Among the new ponies which will
Ktart are Frank J. Grace's Maudie
Swift and John Parrott's Parachat.
Silver Dick. Becky, Carlotta, Bonnie
and other crack ponies will go to the
post. Silver Dick, Bonnie and Becky
¦will meet at a quarter of a mile and
also at three-sixteenths of a mile, and
sensational struggles are expected in
each race.
The beautiful silk jackets of the gen
tlemen jockeys will be sadly bespat
tered to-day at Tanforan racecourse.
The occasion will be the opening day
<>f the meeting under the auspices of
the California Polo and Pony Racing
Association.
PONY RACING
AT TANFORAN
CHICAGO TEAM
TO PLAY HERE
VETERAN ENGLISH POLOIST. "WHO. THOUGH INJURED EARLY IN THE GAME j
VEPTERDAT. PLAYED THROUGHOUT THE CONTEST WITH INDOMITABLE
SPIRIT IN* INTERNATIONAL MATCH AT BURLINGAME COUNTRY CLUB.
A new ball was thrown In and
Mackey carried it swiftly toward the
Burlingame goal. It was stopped by
Hobart, who ran it up the field again.
The ponies became, exhausted and it
became necessary to change, two min
utes being allowed for this. They were
at it again, every player doing" his
duty in a perfect frenzy. v In the
midst of a mixup in front of the Eng
lishmen's goal Duval drove the ball
between the posts, , thus winning the
game for the Burlingame clubmen. A
mighty cheer went up from the spec
tators around the field, and Messrs.
Duval and Hobart were given an ova
tion when .they returned to the club
stand. Three cheers were, given for
the winning team, and the gallant
losers were also cheered. -Captain
Haig and Walter Hobart played bril
liantly. R. M. Tobin also distinguished
himself, especially by riding off Cap
tain Haig more successfully than has
been done previously this season. 5
This made three successive goals
for the English team," and the Bur
lingame sympathizers began to lose
heart. The English visitors among
the spectators were elated, but their
enthusiasm was quickly dampened by
John Lawson, who scored for the Bur
lingame, again making the score' a tie.
The timekeeper's bell sounded the end
of the game. Without stopping to
change poniea an extra period was
started. The play "was the fiercest of
the entire game for a few moments,
when -the ball was. broken.
The excitement was intense at the
opening of the sixth period. The Eng
lishmen ran the ball down the field to
their opponents' goal and Walter Ho
bart, after a desperate struggle, drove
the ball outside for a "safety." In
the free stroke for goal which followed
Captain Haig scored for the English
team, making the visitors one goal to
the good.
. SCORE IS TIED.
F. J. Mackey, the veteran of the Eng
lish team, was struck on the right
hand early in the first period and the
wound bled profusely. While this must
have been a great handicap to him,
he pluckily played .throughout the en
tire game and was in the midst of
nearly every scrimmage.
. For -.the first half of the game the
Burlingame men led and at the end
of the fourth period they looked to be
sure winners, the score being five goals
to three in their favor. At the begin
ning of the fifth period the English
players rode brilliantly and kept the
ball almost continually around their
opponent's goal. Twice In succession
Duval by hard riding and sure strokes
drove the ball out from almost be
tween the goal posts. Captain Haig,
the herculean Englishman, with some
of his marvelous strokes scored two
goals rapidly, the period ending with
the score a tie. 1 ,
The pololsts of the Burllngame Coun
try Club carried o/C the honors yes
terday at Burlingame In the annual
International match with the Hurllng
ham team from England. It was pro
nounced the most exciting game ever
witnessed at Burlingame and was
played with the utmost dash and aban
don by the members of both teams.
At the end of the sixth period the score
was a tie, each side having made seven
goals. An extra -period was ordered,
and Charles Raoul-Duval scored a goal,
which meant that the honors of the
day went to the Burlingame men. The
struggle until this goal was scored was
remarkable for the clever play on both
sides and was greeted with a volume
of applause rarely heard at a polo
match. The teams were made up of
the following players:
BURLINGAME. HURLINGHAM.
R. M. Tobin. Charles Garland.
C. Raoul-Duval, F J. Mackey
AV. S. Hobart. Captain Chaplain.
John Lawaon. • Captain Nell Hal*.
MACKEY IS INJURED.
pbobabls wnrzras.
•Apprentioft allowance.
tLos Anxele« Index.
tLoa Anxele* Index 6309.
Sixth race — St. Patrick's day pane; flv« and
a half furlongs; four-year-olds and up:
5621 Yellow Tail (Hackett) US
(6355)Oront« (Piedmont Stabln) 114
6354 Albula (Lamasney Bros.) .....113
(6135)Hagerdon tFrank> 115
6355 Olympian (Schorr> 113
6441 Gebeinf ness (Schrelber> .....104
6355 Daisy Green (Follansbet) 104
5495 Royal Rosu« (Nealon) .113
Fifth race — Six furlongs; fonr-year-olds and
up; selling:
(6326)Batldor (Fln«) 107
M32 tToto Gratiot (Wimerson) no
6342 Pruewood (McAlester) 105
6341 'Silurian (Lamasney Bros.) I112
6245 Cloche d'Or tConrad) 105
(6254)Ski-» Me (.Madison t Co.) 105
6341 Lady Kent (Wellman) 105
Fourth race — Mile and 10O yards; four-year
olds and up: selling:
6341 Illowaho (Stover) m
62S1 Arthur Ray (Clayton) 113
6352 *The Fretter (CRourka) 107
€300 MMoor (Gilbert) 104
628S» Pat Morrlssey (Wellman) ton
6353 David S (Stanfleld) low
Third race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up: aelline:
82S1 Xllgar (Leiser) 101
Ci.'C Rio Shannon (Coffey) 10*
6236 Cherries (Soule & Co.) 102
6319 'Watkins Ovarton (Knebelkamp) !W
MS2 The Scot (Walz) 101
6314 Northwest (Clifford) 8J»
«314 Hogarth (Carmody) »*
6T56U Tamm (Mairrane) 107
6319 Searcher (Romish) 107
Second race — One-half mile; two-year-olds;
selrtn^:
t~:ir. Joso (Summera) 104
tiXJO Marie J (Jones) Kit*
63^) 'Light ot Day (Coffey) ltv*
6351 *Abba (Albemarle stable) 96
5787 Pirella (Millerfc lltt
Stleo (El Primero stable) 109
St. Andrew-Sllenta.
8267 •Hooligan (Fountain) 09
First race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; uellinz:
K52S Elmer L (Klunder) 110
tSts7 'Rene (Lamasney Bros.) »4
5458 *H. P. Cane (Hutchlnson) »rt
6HK1 Edra (Rowley> !«?
6362 Past Master ( McAlester) 107
«;>14 'Gateway tLottridge> K*
K338 Lady Atheling (Kyle) S*
6340 Harka (Wentworth) £!>
61'JS 'Bob Palmer (Coulter) lrj
tS34<) *Du«ty Miller (Sheridan) W
KNTKIES FOK TO-DAY.
LOS ANGELES, March 16.— Dolly
Weithoff's victory, at 15 to 1, in the
last race was the surprise of the day
at Ascot Park. Two favorites won.
Nervator and Milas, two second
choices. Princess Titania and Eva I>,
and two outsiders, Lady Usk and Dolly
"Weithoff. There were no special fea
tures to the card. Golden Rule was
made favorite for the six-furlong free
handicap at evens, but was beaten out
a nose by Princess Titania. Golden
Rule has been made favorite in the last
half dozen starts, but has always been
beaten out by a close margin. Double
O was well played to win the hurdle
number at a mile and an eighth, but
felL Weather fine, track fast.
SUMMARY.
First race, five and a half furlongs, pur«^—
Eva D 110 (Prior) 4 to 1. won; Negruaca lift
(Maddox). 7 to 2* second: Gentle Harry 113
iBoland). 5 to 2, third. Time. 1:0»>t. Belle
dama Loutar.W'len Caroburn, Andtna#. Jon«
Donlon. Leonado, Riceful, Capitol. Maud
Browne and Moonstone also ran.
Second race Slauson course, gelling — Nerva
tor 102 (Lewis), even, won; Jim Hate 113 (Bo
land), 2 to 1, second; Dolly Hay man 97 (Lowe).
12 to 1. thiil. Time. 1:11. Redan also ran.
Third race hurdle handicap, one and an
eighth miles — Mllas 135 (McHugh). 6 to 5.
won; Walter I'M (Schimmel), 5 to 2 second;
Can Nell 125 iTully). 10 to 1. third. Tim.-.
2:06. Cambaceres, Nitrate, Iamad. Wachusett
and Devil II also ran. Double O fell.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Princes*
Titania 108 (Jackson). 8 to 5. won; Golden Rul«
116 (Prior), even, second; Callant 88 (Ander
son), -S to 1. third. Time, 1:1414. Cruzatloa
also ran.
Fifth race, live furlongs, selling — Lady Ualc
95 »L. Jackson). 8 to 1, won; MarFleckno*
110 (Prior). 5 to 1. second; Eldred 111) (John
son), 8 to 1. third. Time. 1:03. The Covenant
er. Matronia. Hercules. Magic Flute, Judga
Napton. Heel Horse and Quest also ran.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Dot lie Welthoft
10O (Lawrence). 15 to 1. won: Labor 109
(Prior) 4 to 1, second; Buccleuth ICO (Phil
lips). 3 to 1. third. Time. 1:41 \i. Lunar. Key
del Rio. Rio Chico. Celebration and Best Maa
also ran.
Magill. for which act he was sus
pended.
P. J. Carmody wires Arthur Mc-
Knight that there is $50,000 In the
treasury to open up the new track at
St. Louis.
The probable starters in the Thornton
four-mile stake on Saturday are Sailor
Knot, Horatius, Veterano, Rio Shan
non, The Way, Keynote, Our Bessie anJ
Outburst.
Britt'a surplus energy and constant
cheerfulness while undergoing hia
daily training grind have impressed all
visitors to the little boxer's camp, and
they have run \ Into the thousands.
Young Corbett enjoys the fame of be
ing an Inimitable Josher along with
that of champion of his class, but
Britt, too, hath a merry wit that: la
more than eighteen karats original.
His friends are confident that should
.Young Corbett' elect to turn loose a
volley of sarcastic jolts at Jimmy
when the fray waxes fiercely, as Terry
McGovern believes the Denverite will,
the stocky champion will receive as
good as he sends.
Britt went on the. road yesterday
morning, and in the afternoon sacri
ficed perspiration and weight in a two
hour turn In his gymnasium with the
skipping rope, dumb-bells, punching
bag and with Frank Rafael. He
wrestled with the latter, and the way
the pair tugged arid shjoved was fierce
to gaze upon. , ,
"Next week," said Britt. "I will get
rid of the weight I am^carrylngover
the stipulated 130 pounds. To-day I
weighed about 135. but I have been
seesawing between that figure and 133
pounds for some days and I am, not
worried. I have never felt better than
I do now, and three pounds subtracted
will occasion me no loss of energy, I
am certain.".
Happy, and hovering between 135 and
133 pounds, is Jimmy Britt's present
condition. Next week the star of Cali
fornia's ring celebrities will settle
down under the watchful eyes of his
trainer. Spider Kelly, to disposing of
his extra weight. Jimmy asserts he will
not have to do the Shylock act in ac
complishing it.
HRITT IS HAPPY.
When the first round was finished
along came Billy Otts, fortified with a
big chest protector.. The way Otts
was treated was not at all gentleman
ly. Corbett kept rushing him all the
time and took special delight in get
ting into clinches and then doine the
rough house act. When he was fin
ished with Otts-he called upon Attell
again and alternated with the pair
for three fast and lengthy rounds.
He paid a whole lot of attention to
the clinches and showed his partners
no mercy when breaking away. * He
would bring his right over fast and
catch his opponent on the jaw at" an
opportune moment and when either of
them would turn the trick on him he
seemed think it was great fun.
When he had completed his boxing
stunts the little fellow was perspiring,
but was still fresh, while both his
sparring partners were winded. This
was one of the busiest days Corbett
has spent for some time.
He practiced all his fancy punches
and his clever swings on this till it
was ready to burst from the severe
strain. Then Monte Attell was called
out to go a few. Corbett started in
at his little sparring partner and rush
ed him all around the ring. He never
let up for. a second and was ready, to
take two punches in order to put in
a good one to the body, the kind he
figures to stop Britt with.
As soon as he got started they
could not stop him. He roughed it
from the start and kept up a fast
pace till it was all over. He started
in at the weight machine f and after
pulling this around for about fifteen
minutes he commenced at the big
swinging, bag. That got an awful beat
ing for about the same length* of time
and then the punching bag received a
fair share of the champ's time. *
The battalions of sportsmen who ex
pect to wager a little on the Corbett-
Britt fight lined up yesterday and sur
veyed the situation. The outcome was
that the Corbett adherents offered to
bet 100 to 70 an indefinite number of
times on the chances of the feather
weight champion.
This was apparently higher than the
Britt men wanted to go. the latter
thinking the odds should be 100 to, 60.
The result was a deadlock for the time
being. Some private wagers have been
made, one gentleman betting $2000 on
Corbett against $1600 qn Britt. It is
not expected Corbett's friends will get
much money at that price.
It was rough house day at Camp Cor
bett yesterday, and consequently the,
wee champion must have taken off a
few pounds of that superfluous weight.
Although the weather was not hot, Cor
bett forced; the perspiration to ooze
through the pores of his skin for a
fare ye well. He finished up his day's
work looking -fit for action.
The customary run in the morning
along the road was an extra long one
and It was fast and strenuous. The
champion was not in any particular
hurry to get busy in the gymnasium
and the big crowd that gathered at
the tavern had to wait around and
watch the champion phone.to the book
makers and loll around till he got good
and ready to enter upon his afternoon's
work, which was about 3:30 o'clock.
CORBETT'S HARD WORK.
J OAKlAHD BACETBACK — Wednesday. Mar. 16. — Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
G3U2. FIRST RACK— Six and a half furlongs; selling; 4-ycar-olds and up; to flr»t. »325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. Y*. Vi. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
0319 Assessment 6 (A. Neal) 101 2 ... 6 3 6 2*42 2^1 n Buxton & »
62CG Rustic Girl. 6 (B. Fitzgerald) 100 3 ... 11 13 11 2% Roach 10 Yi
C204 Young Morello. a (Scharetg) . 110 6 ... 3h 2n 3 y» It 2»i J. Martin.. 11-5 12-5
IS::26 VlRoro'so. 4 <AppIeby & Co.). 107 « ... 6 2^45 1 5 3 4 h Haack 8 10
0320 Educate 6 (Hegarty & C.).: 105 1 ... 4 % 3 h 4 n 5 n H. Stuart. .| 10 20
UHVi Petrolla" 4 (D. McCarthy) 07 10 .. . 11 3>£8 % 9 2 6H Crosswaite 20 100
C304 Tamm. 4 (Q Edison).... 110 12 ...12 12 11 2 7 4 J. Daly 10 20
tilies Past Master 4 (McAlester). . 107 7 ... 8%"n 8 2,81 I. Powell.. 10 8
<J327 Argot. 0 (J Y. Rich) 100 8 ... 2 3 4 V, 7 »4 fl 2 Travers ... 4 4
0320 St. Rica a (D Murphy) 112 4 ... 7n 9 2^6 1^10 3 Reed Z\> 100
a!2C Orpheus." a (J 'j Coalter) 107 11 *. . . 0 2 10 110 2 112 Frowen ... SO 150
C32G P.ey Hooker, a (T. J. Smith) . . 104 0 ... 10 1 11 2 12 12 Mountain .50 60
Time — :25, :C0>4, 1:18*4. 1:26.- At post 21a minutes. Off at 2:lu'/i. Assessment, place, 4;
chow. 2. Girl, place 5; show, 2. Morello. show. 1-2. Winner, ch. g. by Wadsworth
• Mischief. Trained by A. Xeal. Scratched— Royal "White. Dora I. Start good. Won In
a hard drive of five. It looks as If Rustic Girl was only trifling with her lovers pre
vious time out. She would have gathered the moss if Roach had kept her out of the deep
going. Assessment finished strong. Young Morello can do better when right. Too far
for educate. Tamm a slow beginner. Argot quit bright and early.
O;t63. SECOND RACE — Futurity course; selling; 3-year-olds; value to first. *325.
Index Horse arid Owner. WtlSt. %. >$. ««. Etr. .Fin. | Jockey. | Op. Cl.
C27S Inspector Munro (T. Fox) 110 3... 4243 33 12 J Martin.. 5 8
(C27S) Box Elder (J. J. Moran) 102 2 ... 3 3 2 n .1 n 2 2'i Vandrbout 3 4
(C.J14) Zenonian (Martin & Co.) 107 4 ... lh 12 2 1 3 4 J. T. Shehn 7-10 3-5
«!02 Midway (Piedmont Stable). .. 100 6 ... 6 10 6 10 S 1^4 3^ C. Smith... 30 50
«254 Vaughai* (Mrs. Hertzell) 107 1 ... 5 1^5 n 6 3 5 4 Bonner 20 40
0340 Orpheum Push. (Keating Co.)ll05 8 ... 8 8 8 en Gruwell ... 100 '130
0210 Cinnabar (R. A. Smith) J107 7 ... 7 «i 7 2 7 3 7 4 Larsen 20 CO
CTU4 Moynard £M. Storn) jllO 5 .... 2 n 3 1%4*2%3 J. Daly 20 40
Time— :25Vs, :51. 1:15'4. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:41. Mnnro, place, 2; show, 1. Elder,
place, 4-5; show. 1-3. Zenonian. show, out. Winner, br. c. by Trentola-City ¦ Girl.
Trained, by O. A. Bianchi. Scratched — Standard Resigned. Start good. Won In a drlvi
of two. Third stopping. While Sheehan and Vanderbout were busy trying to fall oft
Martin sneaked through on the rail with the Inspector.. Zenonian can do much better
than this. Moynard quit, again after showing speed.
G3G-I. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt!St. V*. . '£. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
C114 Rollick. 6 (M. Jones) 113 2 ... 3 1 1 »; 1-1%1 *4 J T. Shehn 6 12
• Crifs- Cross, 5 (F. N. Hayes). 103 4 ... 4 1>£4 3 2 3 . 2 1% Mountain .. 13-5 13-5
(6.T12) Galanthus. G (Mrs. Coffey)... 1C5 5 ... 5% 3n 31 35 Buxton 8-5 9-5
iSV)S Quiz II. « (C. McCafferty) 105 1 ... 11 21 4^44 C Smith... .6 7
(58C2) Coroner Kelly, 3 (Josephs). . 105 6 ... 7 7 7 56 J Martin.. 5 9
C014 Nullah, a (G. S. McKenzie).. 106'." ... 2 «i 5 1 6 1 6 h Travers ... 10 18
C027 Dundreary, 3 (Webb & Co.).. 105 7 ... 6 1 C n 5 2 7 H. Stuart.. 30 100
Time — :25. :50i£, 1:1~ J ,4. At posf% minute. Oft at 3:S0Vi. Rollick, place, 4: show. 3-2.
Cross, place. 1; show. 2-5. Galanthus. shov^ out. Winner, ch. g. by Take Notice-Happy
Maiden. Trained by C. B. 'Lusk. Scratched — Clausua. Start good. Won In a hard drive
of three. Sheehan rode a first-class race on Rollick. If Mountain had picked better
jroing Criss Cross would have won. Buxton lost a world of ground with Galanthus.
Quiz- said good morning and then good-by. Coroner Kelly was held at a pretty jsttft
price. Nullah likes a fast track; *Los Angeles Index (6325).
<;.".<>.%. FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; hndep. ; 3-yr.-olds & up; to first. |S0O.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. U . '£. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
6257 Horatius 4 (J. J. McAlester) 108 3 7 5 «i 5 1%4 3 1 % jl. Powell.. 3 5
6331 Modicum. 4 (D. S. Fountain). 100 2 1 % 1 n 1 *£ 1 n 2 2>£!Mountain . 6-2 14-5
C."3l Elliott 4 (M. .J. Daly) 100 6 2 % 3 % 4 2U,5 .1 % w. Daly... 4 23-5
(62S3) Keynote. 5 (J. A. Kyle) 100 5 3 1^2 4 2 2 2 3 4 2'^ C. Smith... 6 15-2
C29:> G W. Trahern, 5 (Summers). 100 4 4 1^4 2^3 3 n 5 4 J. T. Shehn 10 9
G331 Bombardier, 3 (F. Skinner).. 99| 1 6n 7 6 21,6 4 «8 Bonner I • •
6331 leader. 4 (W. B. Jennings)., j 107 1 7 G 1 6 n 7 7 7 J. Martin. ,| 3 9-2
Time — :2S. :.~0'i. 1:17%. 1:44U., 1:67%; At post Vt minute. Oft at 3:Z$i±. Horatius place
!t-5; show. 4-5. Modicum, place. «-5; show, 3-5. Elliott, show. 7-10. Winner, b h by
Odd Fellow-Klnda. Trained by E. J.' Ramsey. Start fair. Won in a drive of three.
Horatius came from far back and won going away. He interfered with Modicum slightly
opposite the paddock. Elliott would have been hard to take if away better. Smith kept
Keynote in the worst going throughout. Better handled, he might have won. Trahern
quit. leader off badly. 'Coupled in the betting with Horatius. straight, place and show.
630G. FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. iWt St. M . f;. Str. Fin. Jockey, j Op. CK
6295 First Chip. 4 (E. Fitzgerald) 107 3 ... 31 12 13 1 2V, Roach 2 16-5
(C270) Handpress. a (W. Magrane).. 112 1 ... 4 1>44 2^3 *& 2 3% J. Daly 8-5 7-5
6330 Flaneur, 6 (C. McCafferty)... 109 5 ... 5 n 5 ', 5 :{ 3 2 Bonner 5 11 -2
6195 Sir Preston. 4 (Scharetg) 104 4 ... In2n2n'4n Travers ... 6 7
C234 Amasa. a (M. M. Rowley) .... 104 2 ... 23 3^41 53 Buxton .... 10 13
M4C Bell Reed. 4 (J. T. Collins) .. 104 6 ... 6 6 6 6 . . J. T. Shehn 15 40
Time— :25%. :52, l:10»4. At post V, minute. Off at 3:54%. Chip. place.*6-5; show. 3-5 Hand
press, place. 11-20: show. 1-4. Flaneur, show. 3-5. Winner, ch. - h. by First Mate-
Chippie. Trained by I. P. Fitzgerald. Start good. Won handily/'. -'Next two driving.
Winner had all kinds of speed and was well iidden. Handpresa stumbled in the stretch.-
Flaneur ran his race. Sir Preston quit. Amasa llkessloppy going.
«3(J7. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to firat. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. &. H. «;. str. Fin. | Jockey. Op! cT7
0342 Blackthorn. 5 (C. P. Fink)... 108 2 3 3 2 n 1 2>$1 2 1 h [j. T Shehn 6 10
6319 Decoy a (G. Miller) 105 6 4 1%4 ¦» 4 % 3 1H2 3 |J. Martin.. 4 5
(C319) Billy Moore, a (T. T. Rector) 105 3 2 h 3 3%S n 2 n 3 2^4 Mountain .. 7-5 7-5
6350 Idogo, 5 (C. McCafterty) 105 4 63 56 53 63 4n Bonner s 9
6328 I Outburst a (J. J. McAlester) .. 108 5 6 6 6 6 5 1 I. -Powell... « 4
C338 iMyrtle H, 5 (Mrs. Hertzell).. 08 1 1 1%1 1%2 1^4 3 6 Crosswaite 30 . 25
Time— :25U :51Vi. 1:19U. l:4"^a- At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:23'4. Blackthorn place,
7-2; show. 6-5. Decoy, place. 7-5; show, 3-5. Moore, show. out. Winner, blk h by
Artillery-Early Rose. Trained by P. Becker. Scratched — Ulloa. Sue Johnson. Rene.
Start perfect. Won in a hard drive of three. Sheehan on winner helped himself to all
- the track, badly interfering with Billy Moore on far turn. Decoy ran with more game
ness than usual. Outburst sulked apparently. Myrtle H quit.
Neither Man Xeglects Train
ing for a Moment and the
Sparring Partners Suffer
BOTH BOXEES AEE BUSY
The Chestnut Son of Golden
Garter Is Favorite in the
Last Half Dozen 8tart3
GOLDEX EULE LOSES
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Match Is a Tie at the End of the Sixth Period and an
Extra Period Is Ordered— Hobart, Haig, Tobin and
Others Distinguish Themselves Before Large Gallery
Dolly Weithoff, at 15 to 1 in
Betting Eing, Takes the
Last Kace on the Card
The Adherents of Corbett
and Britt Are Unable to
Agree on Opening Price
BETTORS SEEK
LARGER ODDS
OUTSIDER WINS
AT ASCOT PARK
RAOUL-DUVAL SCORES WINNING GOAL
AFTER A MOST SENSATIONAL STRUGGLE
BURLINGAME COUNTRY CLUB POLOISTS WIN THE INTERNATIONAL MATCH
HORATIUS CLOSES WITH A RUSH,
DEFEATING MODICUM IN HANDICAP
Another Tempestuous Day at Oakland for
Favorite Players — -Criss Cross- Beaten
Out by Rollick-— Blackthorn Is First
THE SAN -FRANCISCO ..CALL'. THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1904. '
10
_ _ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Swollen glands, tumors, white swelling, sores, pustular fffisHES&a
or scaly skin eruptions, flabby muscles, brittle bones, weak ]T
digestion, emaciated, illy-nourished bodies, are some of %, t*^^^^ii
the well-known earmarks of Scrofula. Scrofula is inner- /^v^^^^^^4
ited. Parents too closely related by the ties of blood, or '^^M\S^^M
tainted with consumption or blood poison, mav look for C'^^r^^0i^^^
signs of Scrofula in their children. The middle-aged often '^^.< : ir-^^^^M
have it, but children are the chief sufferers. Scrofula *- ::! $*ifflM$$*
breaks down the vital forces, ¦ — v *. '•¦¦ m— «i * v>vi •• ''
and the blood becomes so I inherited SSSiiS^fe A i^y i ( S?& 1 .
.^eak^fdpoorthatitdoesnot TSS^^^SS^SS^SS^^S^t\l^-
nourish the body. The rem- been under treatment 6t p p&iou2?to?*Q"ta 71
edy in all scrofulous affec- l ° d «^fff"^ "me. but their treatment did
tions must be one that purifies te&SffiHfSSI \ ! tf #KX?tft ££$* Jffl
the diseased blood, builds up di*e«tion, »ire. strength and energy, build, up
the weak digestion, increases SS^S^Sfih^Sf&ii'
the appetite and gives new ¦'»<*«¦» »¦ a remedy for Scrofula. It did more for
won so much fame as a blood purifier as S. S. S., and its tonic effects upon
S^-n. y*«-^ the system are not equaled by any other remedy. It
f^l tO* m ? tes the weak, tainted blood rich aod strong, and
J^\ J^X drives out of. the circulation all tubercular deposits
CVV IN^/ an <* raoxbid matter that cause the.glandular swelling,
sores, abscesses, tumors and other horrible symptoms
that make Scrofula so dreaded and /dangerous. >
Write us fully about your case.- Medical advice will cost you nothine
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA. GA*
J||l CLEAR HAVANA^
Jjf The Smoothest |i|
'¦ ':BJj- ¦ Smoke Sold v^a
fifr Chas. 'Hattheas & Co. \8|jMcChesney Will Not Start,
NEW YORK, March 16.—-McChes
ney, the 1 great race horse owned by
E. E. Smathers of this city, has been
declared out of the Metropolitan
handicap, the opening stake of the
Westchester Racing Association, and
it is not thought likely that the horse
will race until late In" the Morris Park
spring meeting. /
13, 1904, and 1« entitled to the one-eighth por
tion of . the thirty thousand dollars under said
ticket, No. 04289. • OTT JACOBS.
Bellefontaln<\ Ohia
I Sworn to and subscribed before me this 2l)th
day of ' February. 1904.- ' . ••<¦•..„•¦--¦ ¦ •
ERNEST M. HAMILTON, Notary Public.
Morley Signs Clever Amateur.
SAN JOSE, March 16.— Hal Chase,
the well-known ball player of this city,
has signed a -contract to play .with
the Los Angeles league team for the
coming season. He will leave to-mor
row night to join Manager Morley's ag
gregation. Chase" has been playing with
the Mayer Bros. 1 nine of this city. He
has also been attending Santa Clara
College and is a member of the college
team. Last ., season he caught for the
Victoria (B. C.) nine. Chase is an all
around player and can" pitch, catch or
fill any of the bases with credit.
The house at 440 Paris street to be raffled
March 12. 19f4,* has been canceled. Return
tickets and money will be refunded. •
Hnrt Defeats . Sandy Ferg-uson.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., March 16.—
JJarvin Hart was given the decision
to-night over Sandy Ferguson at the
end of twenty rounds.
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS, March 16. — Crescent City
result*:
First race, seven furlongs, selling — Hardly
won, Heelra second. Miss West third Time
1:29. "
Second race, six furlongs — Sadduccee won,
Claremont second, Vestry third. Time, 1:14.
Third race, selling, one and a sixteenth
miles — Governor Boyd won, Balm of Gllead
second. Jack Doyle third. Time, 1:50. ~,
Fourth race, handicap, six and a half fur-
Ion"- — The Resent won, Annie Max second
Elsie L third. Time, 1:20 1-5.
Fifth race, selling, one and a sixteenth
miles — Circus Girl won. Blue Mint second,
Jake Weber third. Time, 1:48.
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs — Wreath of
Ivy won. Marltana eecond, John Boyle third.
Time, 1:14 2-5.
Tiic Original Little Louisiana Com
pany of San Francisco.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1887.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed before the public from time to time, we
would respectfully call the attention of pur
chasers of tickets to buy only from responsible
agents, and to eee that their tickets read as fol
lows:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO. ESTAB
LISHED JANUART, 1SS7.
Each coupon has the initials M. & F. on the
face and back of the ticket.
The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by the HONDURAS NATIONAL Com
pany, March 12. 1004: No. 24101 wins $7500,
sold in San Francisco, Cal.; No. 5.1.105 wins
$2000. sold in San Francisco, Cal.; No. 11742
wins $1000, sold in San Francisco, Cal.; No.
2026 wins $500. sold in San Francisco, Cal.;
Nos. 11628 and 53B01 each wins $250. sold in
San Francisco, Cal.; Nos. (ttO7, 21455, 62934,
7H015, 1)0308 each wins $100. sold In San Fran
cisco, Cal., and Oakland, Cal.
The following capital prizes were paid by
the above M. & F. Company for February .1:*,
1H04: A. L. Thomas, second marine engineer,
steamer Pride of the River, residing at 1067
Mission St.. San Francisco, Cal., $3750; col
lected by the Anglo-Callfornlan Bank, San
Francisco. Cal., for client. $3750; Max L. Ett
linKer, 328 Pine st., San Francisco, Cal., $2000;
James Kuslch, 220 Hayes st.. San Francisco.
Cal.. $500; James Griffith, 128 Filbert St., Oak
land, Cal, $500. •
Racing at Hot Springs.
• HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. March 16.— Essex
Park results:
First race, three and a half furlongs — Foxy
Grandma won. Pinkie second, Eckstein third.
Time, :43.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles —
DawBon won. Inspector Shea second. Sister
Ruth third. Time. 1:48V&.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles
Louisville won, Nearest second, Blnhello
third. Time. 1:48^.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Palm Reader won. Renova second, W. B
Gates third. Time, 1 :48.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Joe Goss
wen, Orleans necond. Lady Lavish third.
Time. l:14Vi.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, selling
Joe Brockel won. Dr. Clark second, Dick Rip
ley third. Time. 1:09.
Tlie Ixniisinnu Company of San Fran
cisco.
ORGANIZED MAT. 1000
$10,(X>o reward will be paid to any person
who has ever presented one of our prizes at
our office and was refused payment. •
TO THE PUBLIC! BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS'. All genuine tickets of this
company have initials "R. G. Co. on faces and
monogram "H. G. C" on backs thereof.
Following are the capital prizes as decided
by the Honduras National Co.. Saturday,
March 12. 1904: Xo. 21191 wine $7500, sold In
San Francisco, Cal.; No. 5.1305 wins $2000, sold
in San Francisco, Cal.; No. 11742 wins $1000,
gold in San Francisco, Cal. ; No. 2C2C wins
$.">i»0, sold in Santa Cruz. -Cal. ; No. 1HJ23 wins
$250, sold in San Francisco, Cal. ; No. 53601
wins $250. sold in San Francl-co, Cal.
• This company paid to P. Carfagnl, 02C Mont-
Komery strwt. San Francisco, $7500 for whole
ticket No. 2.S512. drawing- of February 25
1904; to WpIIs, Fargo & Co.'b Express for
client in "Willits. Cal.. $1250 for whole ticket
No. 87SC, same date; to S. A. Hathaway, 514
East Lafayette street. Stockton, Cal., for
client. $500. for one-half ticket. No. 6031,
drawing February 13. 1SKM.
All prizes of this company are paid In full
Immediately on presentation at the office of
the company in San Francisco.
Policeman Paul J. Butler and Stella
Butler, his wife, are not a happy pair,
according to a complaint for divorce
filed yesterday by Mrs. Butler. She
asks for a decree on the ground of
cruelty, and in support of her charge
makes many allegations that go to
show that ever since their marriage in
August, 1901, they have not had a very
peaceful existence.
j To commence with Mrs. Butler
charges that her blue-coated husband
compels her to live in an abode unfit
! for human habitation.- She says that
I way out on Point Lobos avenue, where
! the sand flies and the wind blows, he
j has built for her a house that is re
i markable for its lack of architectural
! beauty and general poverty-stricken
! appearance. It is made, she says, of
boards taken from old piano boxes.
Airs. Butler also finds considerable
fault with the • manner in which she
alleges her husband treated her from
! the time she became his wife up to a
j few months ago, when, she says, she
j could no longer stand It and returned
! to the home of her parents. She say3
that notwithstanding he knew that she
was a good and true wife he constantly
I accused her of being a faithless spouse
I and hurt her feelings by Innuendo and
; base insinuations against her charac
j ter. She says that he also compelled
j her to work like a slave, compelling
: her when she was ill and suffering to
! rise at 5:30 a. m. and get his breakfast.
! She also says that when ahe was under
i a doctor's orders to refrain from all
| manual labor Butler compelled her to
j chop wood, carry coal, feed chickens,
i clean chicken-houses and do other
! things that caused her not only mental
! but physical suffering.
i Rose Dreyer wants a divorce from
William Dreyer -on the ground of
cruelty. She says that he once toro.
i her clothes after a slight disagreement
land on another occasion he threatened
i to carve her with a razor. She says
j also that she suffers mentally becaua?
j she is constantly dunned by collectors
| because of Dreyer's failure to pay hia
I bills. And, she continues, she suffers
j further mental torture because of the
j fact that her husband frequently ap
j pears at his home in a state of intox
; ication and with eyes blackened as the
I result of drunken rows. « ?
Suits for divorce were also filed by
Elizabeth Keogan against Lawrence J.
Keogan for desertion and Alice O. Buck
against John S. Buck for neglect.
Judge Hebbard granted Rosale Rich
stein a divorce from John J. Richstein
for neglect.
A call was sent out yesterday for
the annual convention of the Califor
nia Water and Forest Association,
which will be held in this city on April
22. The business to come before the
convention will be of great interest
The California Legislature, co-op
erating with the United States Gov
ernment, raised money for the pur
pose of doing preliminary work in this
State to determine many important
physical questions. The work that
was planned has been proceeding
along three lines. When the conven
tion comes together the Government
officials in charge will have reports
ready to submit, in which all that has
been done will 'be recounted and an
extensive review of the situation and
possibilities of accomplishment in the
directions favored by the association
will be made.
A forestry, geological and irrigation
investigation is simultaneously being
carried on in charge of Messrs. Gifford
Pinchot, Newell, Walcott and Elwood
Meade. The scope of their inquiries,
when they are all brought together in
reports, will' be seen to be very com
prehensive. Already in response to
suggestions from the forestry inves
tigating officials the Government has
withdrawn from the forest reserves
large areas of timbered land.
One purpose is to find out just what
is actually necessary to the proper
protection of the watersheds of the
rivers and other streams of California.
Another concerns the methods and
possibilities of irrigation. The geo
'loglcal inquiry has to do to a certain
extent with the ascertainment of the
mineral or non-mineral character of
lands now included in the national
forestry reserves in this State. This
interests the miners.
The California Water and Forest
Association has a membership of 5000
in round numbers. It includes prom
inent people in every county in Cal
ifornia. Through its influence an ap
propriation was obtained from the
California Legislature that made pos
sible the preliminary work that has
been in active progress during the last
year. When the reoorts are received
the necessity of further appropriations
to pursue the work, in view of what
remains to be done, will be discussed.
It is probable that an appropriation
will be sought from the next session of
the Legislature.
Riflemen May Not Compete.
NEW YORK, March 16.— Charging
that the American rifle team won the
Palma trophy last year with a special
weapon instead of with the United
States army service gun, the Dominion
Rifle Association will follow Great Brit
ain's example and not compete for the
trophy this year.
OTTAWA, Ontario, March 16.— It was
stated by officers of the Dominion Rifle
Association to-day that the question
of. entering the contest for the Palma
trophy this year will not be settled
until the annual meeting, which will
be held in about two weeks. It is
known that some members of the asso
ciation are averse to sending a Domin
ion team to Seagirt, but their ability
to control the meeting is doubted.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, March 16.— Mrs. Sa
die alias Peterson, who mys
teriously disappeared from her rooms
last Thursday and for whom the police
had been searching, fearing that her
once insane husband would murder her,
returned to her mother's home this
morning. She tells a weird tale, which
the police do not believe. She says that
soon after she left her home last
Thursday morning she was suddenly
seized from" behind, blindfolded, gagged
and thrown into a carriage. After a
long ride she was taken out of the
vehicle and carried up into the third
story of a building. When the bandage
Avas removed from, her eyes she saw
that she was in a comfortable room,
but the windows were barred. She says
she d,oes not know in what part of the
city this house is situated. Morning and
evening, she says, food was taken to
her room by a man or a woman. This
morning about 7 o'clock the man who
carried her away came to her room
and told her that as there had been
considerable printed about her disap
pearance in the papers he had deter
mined to release her. Again she was
blindfolded and taken downstairs and
placed in a carriage. There was an
other long drive and then the carriage
stopped and she was put out on the
street. This was at Eleventh and Geor
gia streets.
She declares that she did not see her
husband, and that so far as she knows
he liad nothing to do with her capture, j
Her manner is not that of a woman who
had passed through a very harrowing
experience, and she expressed a desire
that the matter be dropped rather than
have any further investigation made, t
It is considered hardly possible that she ;
could have been seized on a well trav- j
eled street in broad daylight and car
ried off without some persons witness
ing the abduction. She says she does !
not know either the man or woman
who held her captive.
Alleges That HeCompelsHer
to Live in a House Made of
Boards From Piano Boxes
Progress of the Geological*
Irrigationai and Forestry
Invest ij»T» tion to Be Theme
Claims That She Was Kid
naped and Held Prisoner
by an Unknown Stranger
SUES FOR A DIVORCE
OFFICIALS WILL REPORT
HER STORY IS DOUBTED
Members of Water and For
est Association Summoned
to Important Convention
Spouse of a Police Officer
Complains That Husband
Treats Her With Cruelty
Los Angeles Woman Who
Disappeared Few Days Ago
Returns to Mother's Home
SEND OUT CALL
FOR A MEETING
TELLS POLICE
A WEIRD TALE
BUTLER'S. WIFE
IS NOT HAPPY
¦ Ko. Prize. I No. rax-. No. Priz*. J
t»: 16! 121 1C 132 40'
16» 4U| 1S« 24 262 24'
27K 24| 273 24 827 10
394 MM 413 10 459 1«
49S 80 MM 120 r,72 21!
SS2 24 <m 24 0«7 l»i
731 1«, 735 1«| 770 10,
011 241 «95 _24] 103tt M)
1059 241 1175 1« 1274 1C
l£Mi l«j 1.TJ4 24 ISS1 16
J5.19 120; lfC2 16| 1684 10
IS23 icj 1847 i«j me is
lJ*i"i 40! 2056 4U| 21 «0 24
2177. 40 221IS 2412304 10'
231ft 24 23S1 40 2SS3 24
2S« K, 2i2W 200<»| 2fVS 10
2702 120 3077 24 3114 24.
3221 24i 3251 f*> S277 40
S3*5 24.3478 1C S480 SO
3*tt!> 40' 3T.50 24 j 3<>23 8<1 '
3702 4O 3903 l«i 4147 24
41M 24 41SR 241 4288 1»> ;
•2M 16 4301 16 4*42 40
494S I<1 4HS9 24 TilOS 10 '
51SM 40 R314 w> 53-3 40 ;
r.491 ir> wart if>! tmM i«
.'¦«¦."« f»oi 5CS>« 1< S739 ... 120
T.7TS 24' [S22 24|~S43 24
r.^PO 1CI S»24 1«| 6177 . .. It;
«2«5 •01 tBSt 24| C3S7 4T.rt I
6433 1616578 If,; fiCSR Wt '
? 712 120 fiSM 24! C359 Ifi i
«9e? 16 7143 40: 7275 1<! !
7r^9 80 7828 1617872 KM
71(35 24! S14C SO] 8177 16 ¦
8332 24! K3«0 241 M79 24'
S.-28 24' 8Bft4 SO| KW>7 24:
S«VH 1618744 1*M 87«9 24
8$1» 16! SS21 1«| IMV5K 10
9071 l«j 9077 24i 9141 24
P1S5 K>1 J»2A4 10! t>2r>K 40 I
P277 • lfil »41« Krtj 87<:j> 80 !
P793 If.; 9797 16)9874....'. 1€
1^32^! lCllf-200 1611024* 1C j
1W.5 2410201 1« IO40C, 24 '
10515 16 10517 4010.47 1G ;
1O0M 16'1cn-4 1«5 lf»-»5 80
lfCBfl 24I1OW5 M|1C92< 1« I
11133 4O l 11211 24 U4«5 120 !
ur.r.5 no hh2« loooiitioft ic '•
11742 40d0!n&30 24 11940 40
12V>3 4't 12S47 24 12.'>00 .... 24
12623 1612748 24 12884 16
J31'>5 S4U1S8 40H31CS 4(»
13241 IC'13346 16TU38S 40
IS4C3 24,1387S 40 135)14 4O
13S91 24!14117 40 14179 1«
14313 24!l437& 1<M43£1 24
J43M1 24S14.W7 16 14776 24
K7«i9 80 15002 120 15074 24 j
1M1 R If! 1M49 1«; lf>27S 40 I
ltVl«232 24 ! 16234 24 |
2<"2«> 10 imin 40 1C.00. .". . . 1«
K>>11 40 1CWI2 24 1«»4« 80
17OK7 16 17120 40 17164 241
1717fi 80 171SVI 16 17215 24'
37476 24 17.MO 40*17556 24 I
17:»»6 24,18030 lOJkOGO IC
1^123 161^136 2418260 16
1^25 24 183S2 40 18494 16
1«>47 24 18565 IC 1S566 16'
:^7C4 80.lWi.~l 24*10;J26 40
18347 40 15*42S 40 10720 24'
»<7rt5 IC UOCt 24 19970 80 i
201S6 16 2P242 40 2041 « . 16 I
2O4ilft 24;2'H16 24 2t«32 2*1
£fM>5 16 2OW14 40 21U'» 16 1
21U".t3 1C21105 16211R5 120
21310 24 21455 400*21499 24 1
£1500 16 2151S I6.21KM 16 1
£1578 24 2K.SS 4O217P9 16 I
21W1 24 21S7K KV21897 16 i
22(fi0 10 22203 R0 22229 . 24 I
£22;*9 4O223SS 40 2250$!!!" 16 1
22517 16 22530 16 226«O go!
227^2 10 22«82 ir,:22925 16 I
2-"'74 10 234OO 16 23420 24 i
-342» l«234«0 24 23.111 40
2:5.-.-» 1G23<T~« 19*23817.. . 24*
•-•3JK«J 1«24<i23 2424135 24 1
£4'«&1 30000 24273 24 24^50 40 '
'-4497 40 24~T4» 24 24~. < «fl 40
2458S 2424R12 24 24CS3 IC
-*711 IK 24744 120 24754 80
5*777 24 24921 40 25040..... 16 I
--*" 24 2.VW.4 24 2511S 16
25130 KS2.-.101 24! i
2"2ft4 24'2r k ".21 10J2S3G5 40'
25437 1SO3«11 16 2-7(19... . 120 1
25729 1C2€1O5 16 20250. . 16'
2tC5;« , 40,2O«li 24 2«07 80
2«s5 1C2C4W iftteesa 24
20717 16 20808 10 27006 16
27011 1«: 27O1S 40 27026 . 16!
S?? 61 ie{2703« 242711C 16 ;
27119..... 1C.27213 24127292 16 j
T73O9 40 273KC 40 27391 6O
27*17 24 274O5 24,274t« 16,
jlpi 1 10 27779 1C277R9 16
2J-*:« 16.27946 IC 27983 40
2W»13 16 2VO44 4O2SO48.. 16 1
280W 10 28124 24 2S136 16'
2«S« 16 28244 10 28301.. 16 I
2M^1 24 2<<444 80 2SG72 16 i
- fc| :T~ J6 2^!t*0 10 2S0S3 04!
287K3 803SSU 24 2S9S6 r >4
j^?2 M»21«ij.'.8 24 29f«6. '. '. '. '. 24
2»2« B 1C29.-.42 ifltSOSl 10
-¦*'¦¦¦<¦' 10 2JCH2 10 29787 16
29 t; 72 16I29380 lfi 30004'" ' "4
•WH4 1C.S0C77 40 50157 " ir,
•""272 163(Ki«il 24 307*6 " * 24 I
««« 16 309K9 16 3124-;:::: Jo
»J2«5 1« 31400 24 31445 16
V, 1 -'', 10::i7«l 16 31S11 16 1
3"*SS 24 32107 40.32I2O. . . . 16'
•^"i 24 32TJ56 24 32375 40 I
S2410 24,32426 1C3242S 16 I
¦X'*- 16 52646 4OI32S00 40
24.Ti4.iW 24.13117 i«
S- {1 '2 24 ¦XJ211 120:«4~2 24
•s-!*(4 24 :3348ft 24 O3642 24 '
r"-™* 16 33702 40-3804"::: \(\ .
; 4f: " 1 4O34K-S K(. 34179 40
K?U 10 34240 24 34279 40
»44C 10 34078 24 347C6 M)
3 24 348r!2 40 3310S 24'
•£'" 3 I6IM207 24::'.~42O i«!
3S49« lC.-~.-ll 24 3-775...: ->i \
-•?• • s 4033823 40135827 10 <
•> o: '" 10 3<a49 24!3«263 ¦ IC i
*2-*4 8036413 24 3C752... . 16
¦! ( -r.4 16 31-83 161 j
i'l" 14 l«371tKi 24 '.-7209 40 '
"i-'S 10 37217 40 37218.. "4
Z'JZ-J* 24 37415 241.37443 24
•ij'2 1037477 1637498 )6 .
•l-^' *O'37'14 I6i37874 16
*L'jI* 4O;3771S 24:37736 80 '
5l-« 10 3792* 120(37836 24.
fJK* 16 3H.MI1 16.18104 16 I
'£ 19 1 24 28213 80I3S392 4O '
¦£**} 24 3X759 24 38842 lrt
2£* 5 4...-.R8.V5 1638912 16 1
•^^ 1« 381*7 24:39013 24
3*«« 1639176 24130441 24 I
£?** 40138307..... 24:39030 24
r5r<;) -" 16 40133 4040219 24
***" i«4O39« • 24:4004-:::" M
•^2 W»«»8M IC'40957 40
*}'*Z 12O411O6 16I41382 8O
j!; 1 * lfi 41444 2441482 16
•J-Jr* 24 415.58 16:41681 h0
"2" 10 41733 1641799.... Ifl {
*Jf25 16 41«« 16'41*25 1« !
•J22 I«, 41918 16 41919 10 «
jriil 16424C2 1642567 24 :
42T..2 24 42032 8042712 16
42^)2 4O42V.32.... 16 42WS 60 j
<2>>4h KO42KX6 16 42917:"" 16 !
*2i»M 16 421K-I7 40 43O85 ?>« !
4:! '= fl 4o«2i5 24 4327o::;:: is
4:«24 16 43497 16 437C1 40
4S970 16144005 16,44107 4
4«> R 1 10 44230 16 44238.; :; V>
44S.-W 8044374 24;44-2*. . . . 40
4*** rt 24 44"6 120 445*4... 4,)
<* r >17 10 44646 16 44707.." 1« \
?4719..... 1644K72 80 4.V.10 ." 40'
4V-27 10 45102 16i4r,2ft-...'" i<j
4542i B0 4O34 l6!4SS4l!.* l4
4.VJ20 2445728 2445767 24
4f.7S» 10 4584- 161
4SB76 Rni45R91 40' 45901 sft
.46029 l«i4«074 24l4flOW.. " 2 * "
•«.1.".2..:.. 24I4O1W) 4O ! 4f316 " "4 !
?•M77 4046-24 16««7SlH*I~ 1 6 '
4»Cr.4 H5I40948 24147050 |«
47200 2447215 16 47313 40
47321 40 47535 16!47!W5« Jo
476RR 24:47736 80147841... mi
«7&20 40:4«»53 40'4R13~.. •>.
4nCH 16I4R371 24148372... »i
4^405 l«!4M?l« 24'4R«S3... i«
48724 16!4«)3« 24!4»9ft4. . . . . 16
43001 R0!4902» 80149099 24 1
49111 m;49112 40140370 36 :
4*452 16 49490 40149774 40
49783 16:49X32 40,49839 16
40MS 2tU9S.S9 24|r.OH9» 10,
f.O21« 24!50:{07 2* ( .V»-fl2 Xf)
r/r.07 4o;r.o«u9 24! 5072.1 so
r>07«9 24I50R52 1615OR70 16
.V«75 4O509O0 16151041 16
.Mlfcrt 24u~1441 24151408. lfl
Bir.r.1 4O'~i644 lf.mnsi 40
r,172T. 24151771 24151913 24
!S19*« 24:52156 4052172 40
522W 40:.~,23^2 16:5240$ 16
ravn ifi:r»244o 4052.M3 i«
C2C12 40 52767 16183053.' 16!
53070 I«'5.t22n 241.13305 8000
K344S 24:53481 lOiKlfini 1000
R37R3 1 6*53869... .. 16'n389.1 16
f.ror.0 24^54004 10154021 24 I
S4O27 K0'54100 1C154123 80
R41«« ]r,.'~4221 24154297 16
r,4"f>2 40*545*7 24T.4749 24.
R47KR 12O:54S44 24!5~00rt 16;
T.519S 16155228 40I550R5. ... , 24
55972 Rf»'56O18 8fi'5C.0:{» J6 '
WW4 24I56312 1E1.%C318 24
BOSSJ 241 j
S6404 lf.T.649* 24I566O5 120 1
rare-..;.. 24!5fi7R4 boi.vjsw m
r72OO • 24 '.-7279..... 80157394 40
S7««lur.. '-. 1B57445 24'57702 24.
S7K2S 4O:r,7Kr» 24157883 16
SKIS*.". ... 1 0CW.-.-.6 120 585*9 . <W» 1
~4!fi22 4Oi5K6S» 16158706 1«
f*744 40I5R75U 24'.V5792 24!
KRS35,....' 2«i5S«»- 16I58U42 16,
rj»43 16!5R95H 80!5X9«7. . . .. 24'
f,<8W.,... 16(58144 24>SJ»1«3 24
R9175 24I591M 16I5H316. . ; . . 16 I
W>43S....'. 12n:595*t« 4O!59««O "« .
flOOfffl. 40160137 40160166 «0
C01G9 40'60176 S4J60191 16'
NUMBERS
Kunduras Natal Lottery Co,
(LOUISIANA STAJE LOTTERY).
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
Single Xumtxr Cla&s "C" Drawn at
Puerto Cortcz, Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, March 12, 1904.
No. 1 Prize. INo. PrIz*.tNo. Prirc.
60229 P0!6T2fl4 40|6O«2O ; 24
60400 ie'6OK2« 4O;tiO«74 1«
«0CS3 lfi|(W7:« 24 60805 80
6O900 I<5i»;i28.1 16 613:13 24
61SSS 10:01447 24j«H«)7 1«
C1012 ioei&2« ic;»ns<M i«
61SS9 16I61938 iejC2rW7 N)
621U3 24 62133 16;ti2360 10'
<K361 1CC2S80 16iC2J>51 1*
C2SK6 16 C2S96 ia.«2»34 4l>0
6205S 40 03027 16 63050 80
C3140 &OK32S.1 1«!«3371 **>
6T.4S6 Hi «3489 40;<«<B»7 16
C3725 16j<tt{«fl 4O;n3S(tt 80
K2>59 120,04045 lCJUllS -*
64222 lrti»U259 40;«438:i 40 J
i G4f>23 24'<UM7 40!«4t!2« 1«
|6472rt 40 : «t49»H 24:«.WIO 16
ewv>5 leitwiai 4O-W241 *«•
fi02»<« 4«>'t«21»» m;«5379 1«
flSTilS 4O ! 6*«« «W)'firtH'!8 40
WlfiO Ht!e«Vt»l 4<>jflH403 24
!<MBSS5 ic'cwai irttv;r.!>i ...... i«
1 60Ci4 lfl;««)714 24!«<!743 HO
WV47 80067M 1C;«W797 -»
|W»32 l«fi«)S7 40 ><*«* 4<>
!«71H 40 6710(1 ltV«7227 40
,«7421 2467518 24W77H 1*
!«".%•¦>..... 80 67852 4O67862 40
«7S«t 4<t67<.»«4 40(68089 40
CK2B1 S<» tlKSK) 24I6S314 1«J
I <!K4O4 24 ;«S4.-iO 8<>!C8<il>S J6
: «S»?fi0 . 16168760 10;«WS09 40
68818.-*.;.'; 16168853 241
! ffl>269 lfi'OJ2* 24!mi17 16
«jH!47 4n;«9StiO 1««S>02l) 10
»gK»74 40 «n!iSl 1(1170212 18
'70258 4O.7O2HO 24170262 40
70274.!... 40:70.146 l«|70351 1«
' T06SS . 2«'70f;f!l lfijTiKHtO 16
T0S16 24'7OS67 I0!71O4« 40
7117«« 16!712S4 21(71297 IB j
71417 1671510 247KSC0 40 j
71770 24^1889 120|7200« .40
72477 lfi'72014 4O172SSO n 16
720^0 .. 2*172827 Ifii73149 10
JS25S I6I73531 40173541 16
T3S70 4(»'".1730 4<>'7.'i l »47 1R I
74A47 24 74072 * 24174176 40
742.-.4 16174300 16174514 1«
745.-.0 4O7455B 10174755 40
717H1 16174S43 16174SW 24 |
74041 16175057 1«|75194 16
75246 16175340 16 75S50 40 !
7571S 1C 757.14 24i7.Vi40 40
7iX»21 4O7(V:RO 24I7<U12 60 I
7«4R3 16176772 24]7ftS<« SO j
7CK97 4<>:76Jm 16177075 24
77277 1« 77449 16;774.-.4 1«S
7745« 1«!775.17 lC|7755fl 10
77(W1 10)77958 24 1 7798.1 10
78133 R0'7R2«7 16 78326 120
7WC5 I«f78387 24'|7S(T29 10
7S711 120;7S7fi6 16|7S8SS 24 '
7S017 ir'7ftO15 400 79120 40 1
79130 4079^14 1QI79418 24'
73500 lelTBOlS 24I706B8 24 i
7»jtO2 24'(MR»5 8Olso:KV8 24
S0544 24WI54S f.o^W20 16
sows! lfi'ROtrro i«,«o«79 40
WXK>3 I«;»0027 40!*(m0 40
S0970 2*1 i !
81167 B0|81275 16181286 24
Sl3ii3 24 81370 SOiSHOO 40
8171R 16>1S8« 80181895 24 1
81974 1682005 10|S21C4 40
82230 BO 82378 80 82452 24
82K37 24IK20S0 40 «i?«93 10
f^2727 24|S2937 16R3224 40
K3301 8O!8.13(«...i. 40IS.K16 125
R3370 16S34IKJ 4O1K3420 1<"-
R3584 1(5!S35VS 24 : S3593 24.
MS14 4O;S3Sf3 1C)S:»12 1H
M201 40:S4r{02 16:S43S2 24
5*4421 16S4592 1(J:R4C91 80
MS04 24*R5001 16 S5CS7 10
85191 1C S520.1 40185307 10
sr.ioo ie!S557i k;;so794 i«
85921 I61MWX) 24S0154 10
SC223 24'W229 24,SfW13 16
86413 lfvS0545 24 86504 16
M55*o i«so«37 i«;k(;»hi 10
80769 lfi S0790 2486920..'. .. 16
86977 24!g70K2 10 S7'il2 10
87704 24 87709 1C S7741 16
87804 40IS79C8 KVS79S0 24
RS0C5 10 R*>75 16 SSHU 16
881S0 80:ss2ri2 80*SS330 24
RS.171 2*188422 1CI.SS46S Hi
SS522 4OIS«670 16;RS743 24
8SS64 10 8S913 40.8>»!t»l 24
81)001 10*^9151 16189164 24
S91S9 24 ! 8U551 40;S039S 80
R0»ri2 24,S978S 24fi0S91 1C
68969) 1C;9OCS2 2i:0(>153 16
w.m *o'9ai2«j io;»«u9 • 10
9O45C 16|t»T.525 40 900(19 80
90611 16.9OC46 24!90C72 "40
00714 KVB1GSG 24191209 16
912.'» 1091251 24101280 24
01381 SO 91419 24;915.'<5 40
9102S 1«'»1C3« 16,91643 10
91682 24 91740 10 917C2 16
WS94 24 9193.") 40J
02072 24192000 16192376 40
02385 1CI92497 24i92705 24
02KC6 4C'l«2940 SO'93199 1«
9.1227 24;9:i240 16,sm51 120
9:;^vj., iciai4!»s ic.a{5i2 24
»•¦»«» 16!93714 24,D.!7:57 10
9™744 .. 16:9:E>S« 80j!»4OO4 1G
1-4189 «0!94210 l<i l 94.'jn4 10
94516 24I94.VJ1 24;it4:>32 4ti I
64fS(> lC,947. r .9 4094S11 40.'
94826] 16 94S39 lO'jMSS.-! 40 j
;»504* 24!st519S 120,95221... K 16
a-.2SS 80)05402 4O|'j57Ort 16'
f,r.Sr)2 40!*5»<ll 40 S)W!5 l«l •
O5JM1 24iit5i»96 40,90090 10
SHJIOI 1CUXS.16 24i»»A18 16
•«0415 JiO:»(»"»49 10190501 10
T»0842 . 16!ft»5931 1C90909 W
97<C9 ... 4n.'l72C8 1C;97:129 16
07379 40'9742S io;97. r .45 Zi
97046 40!«.»7<'59 1697720 40
n7KW»' l«97fi"- > 7 241
S»«iO9S .. 4O!flS22O W»'9S330 16
»sn5S 409S37S 24 »S3S0 40
AK5.-{S 8O9S700 10 99<»12 ' 16"
ftSa-JO 40'990~:i 24 i»92O4 40 '
«»~08 . 400 9II.5" S 24 :99372 40 |
99400 24 997OC 24S»ftS00 IS ;
9:)917 lC,f)9022 24|99927 16
APPROXIMATION PHIZES.
100 number*, from 24,1*1 to 24.241 Inclusive.
b«lng fifty numbers on each side of the num
ber drawing the capital prize of *rtO.0OO, $40.
100 numbers, from 83,235 to 68.838 inclusive,
beinc fifty numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital priz* of $^000, *24.
KX) numbers, from 11.C32 to 11.792 inclu-lve,
being fifty number* on each side of the num
ber drawing the capital prize of $4000, fl6.
TERMIN-AL PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 91. being the two
lost fieures of the number drawing the capita!
prize of $^0,000. ?S.
999 numbers ending with 05. being: the two
la«t fiKures of the r.umber drawing the second
capital prize or $SO<X>. S»-
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing, class C. Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are 1 the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100.000 placed in the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witne-g my hand at Puerto Cortez. Hon
duras. C A., this Saturday. March 12, 1904.
\V. S. CABELI^ Commissioner.
$7500 FOR 50 CENTS— ONE-QUARTER OF
FIRST CAPITAL. PRIZE.
State of New Jersey, County of Hudson.
Theodore Muller of Xo. C8 Mount Pleasant
avenue. Newark; N. J., being first duly -worn,
•ays that he Is the bonaflde owner of one
fourth ticket Xo. 94.2S9. cla-s B. in the Hon
duras National Lottery Company, which num
ber drew the flr-t capital prize of $.'10,000 at
the drawing held at Puerto Cortez. Honduras,
C A. on Saturday, February 13, 1904.
THEODORE MULLER.
Subscribed and sworn to before me at Har
rison, X J.. March 4. 1904.
CHA.RLE3 R. COOK, Notary Public.
$1500 FOR B0 CKNTS— ONE-QUARTER OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
Hartford. Conn., Feb. 24, 1904.
1 solemnly swear that I am the bonaflde
owner of cne-iuarter ticket No. 94,289 of the
Honduras National Lottery Company, which
drew the first capital prlz« of $30,000 at draw
ing held at Puerto Cortez. C. A., on Satur
day February 13, 1904 and I received the
money In full. F. E. HEYER,
51 Amity st.
Sworn and subscribed to before me this
24th day of February, 1904. v.
JAMES O'BRIEN. Notary Public.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS. ONE-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Texas. County of Tarrant.
~V. H. Rambo, 1904 Austin avc. Fort Worth.
Tex., beinr firft duly sworn, says that he Is the
hona fide owner of one-eighth ticket, number
942K9, class "B," Jn the Honduras National
Lottery Co., which number drew the first cap
ital prize of $30,000 at the drawing held at
Puerto Cortez. Honduras, C. A., on Saturday,
Feb. 13. 1904. * W. H. RAMBO.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of February. 19C4.
JAMES HARRISON, Notary Public.
$4000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF SECOND
> . CAPITAL PRIZE.
NEW YORK. N. Y.. Feb. 23, 1904.
I am the bona fide owner of one-half ticket.
No. !K)92, class "n," of the Honduras National
Lottery Co., which drew the second capital
prize of eight thousand dollars on Saturday.
February 13, 1904, at Puerto Cortcz, Honduras,
C. A. I received the money In full.
DAVID DUDIER,
15 Rlverdale ave., Yonkers, N. Y.
Sw-Jrn to before me than 23d day of Febru
ary./ 1904. MAX PAIiMANOWITSH,
Notary Public, New York Co.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OP
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Louisiana. City of New Orleans.
Before me. Edward Rightor. a Notary Pub
lic pen»° n " ll >" oame Michel Soubde, who, be
ing •worn, taid that he resides at No. 543
Carondelet etreet. in, this city, and that he
Is the bona fide holder of one-eighth of ticket
No 942S9 of the Honduras National Lottery
Co', of the drawlnir February 13. 1904. at
l Puerto Corte*. Honduras. C A., and that the
«a!d ticket won tho first capital prize of
ixo 000. and that the -aid ticket was paid to
him on presentation. MICHEL SOUBDE.
1 Sworn to and subscribed to before me this
February 1«. WC4. -
r EDW. RIGHTOR, Notary Public
$3750 FOR 23 CENTS-ONE-EIGHTH OF
I FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE
State of Ohio, County of Logan.
Ott'Jaeotm, being duly svrorn. eays that he
is the owner of. one-eighth ticket, NO. O42SD,
in tb« Honduras National. Lottery Company,
the drawing of which occurred on February
T?IE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 . THURSDAY, MARCH 17. 1904.
11
ADVEBTISEaiENTS.
| r Mcn Cured!
14 Quickly and In a I
B .^idfiF&iS&iizgk thornuRhly sclrn- I
6 jfJS^IgS^S^^iSk J '"c mannpr. 9
I MlM^ \ - reaknM *t ! S
1 W*fil /^» i W s P en aatorrliea. 1
H ffV* ' \l Contracted E
a \^* h '^SM&l' Disorders. I
a l Blood Poison, I
jvJ^W^^ Stricture 3
2EEB 'T? and Piles. 1
'/V / J have treated m
I l\ l _>7 \ \ * nd cured more g
/ tSj 1 **?!^ \ J cases of men's ¦
r^\ 7/ -,}^Z. diseases than any B
SB. O. C. JOSLEH. physician in the B
The Leading Specialist, west. S
- Send for my pamphlet.. "Live All D
: >Your Years a Man." Mailed free. H
X offer you cures that are guar- B
anteed' to toe permanent , for fair B
fees, and you can pay when cured. ¦
DR; 0. (LJOSLEIM J
Corner Market and . Kearny Sts. B
Private Bntrance— 702 Market st. ' ¦
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
d9 *V1*1S1H^^ sassBB a
I©Bh t Natural "^
P'^'tJmmB I fi 9 BltV H sDHttSHsJs^sSkfl
BHH !¦ ml B^«k.^S3B IhRH
BS^faraM Kj n IllKill/il^ii l \&23 r M&w +
l7s^M£g9 Bfll M ¦tr,T|ti4 1 Wi3 §A 1 BSbShM^sSD
Hello? Yes!
This is the laundry you want. You
have called up the right one for good
work. Yes;, we call for and deliver
goods. Yes; our prices are no higher
than those, charged for considerably
poorer work. Yes; we want your.'or-
ders.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
1004 MARKET STEEET.
.' ' • : '. Telephone South 420.
Mf. Tamalpais Railway
<~ Leave > Tk Siusiils ferry - .irrlvs . . ¦ "
SaaPtanchcs) t»s> sf Marks* si Saa Francisco
Week SunT" • - ¦ «HB ¦¦ Sun- | Week
Days. days Days.
•T|:WT»»:OOa Bi!*22&mgk »*'°-' 10:401
•I:46p »:OOa fSs^fflExW t-.ASr t.HOr
B:15p 1O:OOa l^^mgw »:«Op 5:6Or
li:QOi T^^^ar 4:S0p t:6«v
«fc— sst wlft stsp is* ¦ If— mi TOot tssf _
TICtK J 626 Majucxt ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
¦HOB I and Savsaui-o Fsxav, Foot Market 9b
i^^ / ABVITBTISBatZarTS. ' " . . . rr .. n ' '. .. .
1 ¦HH^i^^^jSs^^i i^fc^^^roj|BBSS8sBBBB8fflHBB8Effit'rr^
I The Only Doable-Track Railway Between
the iWvssourl River and Chicago.
The ,
The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric Lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
Ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Sonthern Pacific-
Union Pacific and
Chicago & North*Western Rys.
Leaves San Francisco daily at 10 a. m.
Two other trains daily at 0 a. m. and
U p. m.
For tickets, sleeping car reservations and
full information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co., or
I R. R. RITCHIE,
1 Central Agent Chicago & North- Western R»!l«»y.
1 617 Market Street,
I SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CALIFORNIA 1
LIMITED TO CHICAGO i
LEAVES DAILY |
at 9:30 a. m., throngrlx in 3 days, 1
with diner and all traoriinrs. a
Other Santa 7 0 Trains:
7:30 a. m.1 ror Stockton. Fresno, Baker»neld
8:00 d.' m.*J Merced » Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. rn. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— €41 MarXet St. and
Ferry Depot. 8. 7. Also Ilia Broad*
way, Oakland, Oal. 27 South Pint St..
' San Jose. \
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
lessee:
I SAN FRANCISCO ANu NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAir FRANCISCO TO SAH UAFAEX..
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 0:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at ll:S0 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
3:30, 5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FBANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:35, 7:50. 9:20, U:15
a. m. ; 12:50, 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:4a
3:40, 4:55. 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave j In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco.! Sept. 27, 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tion. | days. | Days. °
T:30a 8:00 a I 0:10 a 8:40 a
0:30a Ignaclo 10:40a 10:20a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p( 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30a 9:10a 8:40a
8:00 a . Nova to. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 0:20 p
5:10 p 3:3t> p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a ~ , 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:COa Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8.-30 p 3:30 p .
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40 a 10:20 a
. ¦ • Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30a 8:00a Hopland 10:40alO:20a
3:30 p 3:30 p and Uklah. 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WllllM. t7:35plg;20 P
¦7:30 al 8:00 a[ 110:40 a|10:20 a
" 8:S0.p| 3 :30 p|" Guern-ville. | 7:35p| 6:2Op'
- 7:30 at 8:00~a( Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 pi 5:00 p[ Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al 110:40 a!10:2J a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| SebaatODOl. . j 7:35 p| 8:20 p
STAGES connect at - Green lira- for San
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
servllle for Skates Springs: at Cloverdale for
th« Oeysens, Bonnevllle and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Laka-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake,' Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Fomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerly's
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*a
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
I Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
I Westport. Usal: at Willits for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo. Loyton-
> vllle. Cummins), Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
" sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. •
1 . Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at ra-
j duced rates. . >:¦;¦ . ¦ «*
I On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
I beyond San Rafael at half rates. ' *
¦ Ticket offices. 030 Market street. . Chronicle
. building.
1 H. C. WHITING. - ' H. X- RYAN. •
1 Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass. Agt.
_ _ _ . _ BAH.WAT TSAVSIu
f / «uHstr .Wi Trmlns lesT*«nd »rm
¦ 1|J| fa«e»«. shajsta £.1
I . \ *°' <T " / • I dtt * to •-*•*• •*
i Y&V^laXV/ SAN FRANCISCO.
; \^ f 1 S (M*fa Line. Ferry Depot
*^r j-oot of Market Street >
UaH — Fkom Pkkkcabt 17. !*>*¦ — aBbitb^
7.00a V-c»t1I1(.-. Winters Kumaey 7.50p*
7.00a BenlcU. Sulsan, EIruir.- sad Sscrv
meaiu 7-20f
740a Yftllejo. Kapa. Cattstoza. 8-nta
Ko-a. Martinez, 8aa IUmoa 8 20?
7 20a Sties. Lf T-rinore, Tracy, Luthrop.
Stockton 720?
8-00* Ebft-t» Express— (V!« bario,
William* (for Bartlett Sprtni(»).
Willow*. ?Fruto. iced liluff,
Portland. Taconia, Keattte 7-50p
8. CO* DarU. Woodland. KnUUu Ljuulmg.
Marrs-ille. Ow-llle 7-60'
t-SOi Port Costa. Martinex. AatlocX
Byron. Tracy. Stockton, Mew-
man. Lo» Buno*. Ma art ota.
Armona, Itaaford, Vital 1*.
PorterTllle 4.20*
8-S3a Port CoMta, Martinez. Tracy. Laite-
ropv Modesto. Pierced. Frir-ao.
Goahan Junction. Han ford. --
Vlsalla, Baker-aeU 4.50-
• 30a Kile-, San Jose, Llvermore. Stock-
ton, (tM I! ton). I one. Sacramento,
Placer-I!!e. Marytrllle, Catco,
Red Blaff ; ... 4.20*
8.30a Oalcd-le. Chlne-e. Jame-town. So-
nora. Tuolumne antt Aneels 4 20c
BOO* AtSantle Express— O^den-iid Eati. 11.20*
830* Blchmond, Martlnea and Way
Stations .- 6 50p
10.00a The Overland Limited — Ogden.
- Den-er. Omaha, Chicago. 8 20i~
10.00a Vallejo- 12 2ur
10.00* Lo* Anir-les Pa-senger — Povt
Costa, Martinez, Dyron. Tracy,
L-throp. Stockton. Merced.
Kaymond. Fresno. Qoihen Junc-
tion, Hanford, Lemoorc. Vlsalla.
Baker-field. Lot Angeles 7-20'
12.00m Bayward. Nil's and Way Station*. 3.20?
ti.OOr Sacramento Bl-er Steamer- ti 1.00»»
3 30r Bentcia, Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knight* Landing.
Marys-Ilia, Oruvlile and way
stations 10-904
5.30r Bayward. Miles and Way Station*.. 7-SOp
Z.ZQr Port Coata, Uartlnex.. Myron,
Tracy, Lathrop, Modesto,
Merced, Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Coata...... ... 1220-
3-30f Martinet. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10-20*.
400p M-rtlnei.San IUmon.ValleJo.Napa,
CaliatOKa. Santa Rosa. ... 9 20«.
4.00P Kile*, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl ...... 420-
430r Hayward. Kile*. Ir-lngton, San t t8.50«.
Joie. LlTermore ) 11 1.50*
6 OOp Tbe Owl Limited— Newman. Lot
Banos. Menduia. Fresno. Tatars,
Bakersfield. Los Angeles.
Ooldea State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Angeles, for Chi-
cago, via C. K. I. & P — 8.50*.
6.00r Port Coata. Tracy. Stockton....... 1220-
tS30r Hayward. Nile* and San Joan ..... 7-20*.
8-OOp Hay ward. Nile* and San Jose. 9. SO*
6 OOp Eastern Express— 0?V»n. D-nTsr,
Omaha, St. Loais. inleago aa4
East. Port Costa, Benlcia. Sal-
sun, Elmlra, Davis. Sacramento*
Kocklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Trnekee, Boca. Keno. Wada*
worth, Wlnnemneca ............. S-29*
8. 00p Vallejo, dally, except Sunday... . t ¦» E n.
7-COp Vallejo, Sunday only | ••«>«*
7J)0p Klcnmond, Saa Pablo, Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Stations 11.20a
8-05F Oregon A California Express— 5a»
ramento, Marysville. Reddtns;
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 5-53*
B.10* Hayward. Nile* and San Jose (Snnr
daronly) 11.504
COAST LINE <-1arr«"- Uaage).
(Foot or Market Street.)
8.16a Kewark, •Centerrllle. 8an Josa,
Felton, Bonlaer Creek, Santa
Craz and Way Stations 6-63'
t2.1Bp Newark, Centerrllle. San Josa,
New Almad*n.Los G*tos.FeUon-
Boalder Creek, Santa Cra- and
Principal Way Stations .flO-SS*
4.18P Newark. San Jose. LosOato* and I t8.5&4
way station*.... ..» J10 53*.
•9 30p Hunters Train. Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
lnz from Los Gatos Snndsy only. 27 25 p
HARBOR FERRY.
Trom SAN riiAH CISCO. Foot of Market St. (SllpO
— t»:B 8:00 11:00 a.m. 100 300 615 P.*
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«;OU &:*
W:0» 10:00 a.m. 12.00 200 4.00 P.M.
COAST LI N E (Uroad Vang*).
tar* (Third and Townsend Streets.)
SIOa San Jose and Way Stations 8 30p
700a San Jose and Way Stations 533"
I 00a Kew Almtden (Tues., Frld., only), 4-1Ap
4 00 a The Coaster— Stops only San Josa.
Gllroy (connection for Hollia»
ter). Pajaro. CaatroTllle (con*
nectlon to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove), Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Roblea. Santa Mai-
Bartta, Ban Lois Oblspo, principal
stations thence Sort (connection
for Lompoc), principal station t
thence Santa Barb*-a,9an Bnena-
yentnra, Saafras. Lot Angeles... 10 41-
•.60a («,a Jose. Tres Pino*. Capltola,
Santa Cr ui.P- cine Orore. Sal Inaa,
San Lnta Oblspo and Principal
Way Stations 4.tO»
10.30* Ean Jose and Way Stations. 1.20*
U-30a Santa Clara. Ban Jo«e. Los Qatos _,.
and Way Stations T.ZOr
i Zor Sin Joae and Way Buttons 8 33*
I.OOp Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jose, Del Monte. Monterey,
Paelne Grove (connect* at Santa
Clara for Santa Cms. Boalder
Creek and Narrow Gang* Points)
at Gllroy for Holllster. Tre*
/ Plnom at CastroTtile for SaUna*. 12-15*
3-30T Tres Plnos Way Passenger M 10.45a
4 3Cp Saa Jose and W»y Station- t8C0 a
tS OOP San Jose, (via Santa Clara) Lot
Oatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Snnday) tS.OO*
55 30* San Jose a ndPrlnclpalWay Station* {9.40*
6-COp Snnset Limited.— Redwood. Saa
Jose,Gllroy.Sallna».Pt*oKoblea> >•" • *¦
San Lais Obispo, SanU Barbara,
Los Angeles, bemin£. SI Paso.
New Orleans. New Tork. Con-
necu at Pajaro for Santa Cruj
and at Ca-troTfll« for Padno
Grore and Way Stations 713*
tS .16p Ean Mateo. Beresford,Belmont,Saa
Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS.43*.
53Op San Jos* and Way Sutlons. m 8 3*1*
COp Palo Alto and Way Buttons 10.15*
1 1 .30p Sooth San Francisco, M mbrte. Bar-
llagame. San Mateo, Belinont,
Ean Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto...... 9.43*
, «1 1 .Jfip Vayfleld. Moantatn View, Sonny-
A for Morning. P for Afurnooav
tBnnday txctpted. t Sunday only
, a Saturday only. •
I Stops at all stations on Snnday.
Of Only train- stopping at Vaiancla 8t.-o<ThOBSj-J
sre6:K>*^-T:tt)AJH^ 11:30 A.X..3:30vjS^(:»pjt.aa4
. fcttMt • ¦ ¦
H ROSS VALLEY, '
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via SauaaUto Perrr.
Suburban SerTlce, Standard Gauge Electric—
8 'l^OM^NtLr VALLEY TO BAN FRA>J-
ClSCO--Dai5y 3«. 6:53. 7:3i 8:55. 8:33.
U W^T nT. 12:33. 2:0O. 3:13. 4:03. 5:05. «:0*,
7:05 - • :0 *. 1O i3i&^GH TRAINS.
8-00 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
6:15 p. m. week day* (Saturday «xcepted>—
Toraales and way stations.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and waj
**VuadaV» only— 10 a. « ra.. Point Reyea and
%*lCKBT^OFFlC-B-«« Market rt.
-TERRT— Union Desot. foot of Market stTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1901
12
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE-— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
4CC Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in flue front offices.
Phone Black 3(307. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.'
We do business strictly according to law.
SPECIAL— C2.
GUARANTEED to clear over $200 per month;
¦ 52 rooms; well and substantially furnished;
always full and eminently respectable: houee
north of Market; rent $.150 per room; price
$4500; part cash and balance as you earn It
In the house. See MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL— 38.
CUT THIS ADD OUT. SEB
MARION GRIFFIN about that apartment
hcuse of as rooms, all permanently rented:
first payment only $750 and balance as you
make' it; rent very low for such a house.
. SPECIAL— 8.
A newly furnished S-room flat.
One block north of Market, and ' .
If you have $100 to poy down, go and
See MARION GRIFFIN at your earliest.
SPECIAL— 100 ROOMS.
NEW and modern; elegant' furnishings; 7-year
. leaFe; income $1097; total expenses $639;
profit $458 each month; price, $10,000.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 4<X$. Examiner bldg.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
GRAND sunny corner of 40 rooms, clearing
$173 over all; rale on easy terms: swell loca-
tlon; owner slek. MARION GRIFFIN.
""SPECIAL— 21.
THINK twice— First, that we can sell you a
21-room house' full of roomers for only $1200;
second, that you need only pay $400 down,
for we lend you the balance, payable In
monthly Installments.
MARION GRIFFIN, rocm 406. Hearst bldg.
SPECIAL— 30. ~
NEW house, 3 blocks north of Market; 30
very large, desirablf rooms;, low rent: 3-year
lense; most artistically furnished; will clear
$200 to $300. owins to management.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 4C6. Hearst bldg.
MITCHF.LL & CO ,-. Phone Jessie 2981
1206 Market. St.. opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40; sell or exchange; price $650.
65 rms.: downtown house; steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
26 rms. ; choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as welt an steady roomers.
25 rooms: well appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must sell; make offer.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
100 ROOMS, sunny corner, rent $125. .. .$4500
40 rooms, south of Market, rent $110.. 2R00
46 rooms, Mission warm belt, rent $63. 2230
20 rooms, summer resort, rent $400 yr. 850
14 rooms, fine location, rent low 700
Hotels ond summer resorts.
FITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
SUTTER. 14 large, light corner rooms; nicely
. furnished; all rented; bargain hunters, ex-
amine this. Owner, 209 Kearny el., room 1.
FOR sale— 11-room house, nicely furnished; full
of steady roomers; clears $52 over rent: own-
er paralyzed: must sell; offer. 643 Geary st.
CENTRALLY located corner house; 54 rooms;
nicely furnished; rent $275: long lease; must
be sold. WILSON. 409 Taylor wt.
FOR sale — Lodging-house. 20 rooms; on Mar-
ket St.; clearing over $135 per month. Box
45S3. Call office. .
LODGING-HOUSE 30 rooms: rent $125; will
sell reasonable.- • Box 4597. Call office.
HOUSE of SO rooms; rent $50; price $000. Call]
1116 Mission st. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1«1 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
S1MUITUALIS3I. <;
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business nirdlilni: readings dally. $1; de-
veloping clars Thursday S p. m. 502 Eddy st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-
night; SI. 1CS4 Bush fit.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing: spirit messages
to-night. 10c. 019 McAllister. Come, skeptics.
TEST circle to-night. MRS. GILLINGHAM,
1292 Howard st.; sealed questions; 10c.
MRS. LKSTER, 9C3 Mission -TiTe'reader. busU
ne?s medium; read, daily; cir. to-night, 10c
EDWARD EARLE. 1C7.2 Elli*. readings daily,
0:30 to 4: seancea Sunday and Thursday.
MME. LUCRETIA. spirit medium; hours 10 to
5; circles every evening. 148 Cth st.. room 1.
ELISE BRAUN. renowned psychic. My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. 8S6 Bush.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant ana
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott SS7.
£ CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR ALBERT C. VICTOR,
The famous
PALMIST AND CLAIRVOYANT.
Special Reduction for One Week.
$1— Hi3 $5 Reading for fl:
Free Test! Free Test'. - Free Test:
A Free Test to All Who Come Prepared to
Have a Reading.
Without asking a questicn he tells you your
name, your mother's maiden name, the name
of the one you love, tells- you. your age and
what you called for, without asking a single
question.
THERE IS NO AFFAIR of importance—
past, present or future — but what Professor
Victor's occult eye can plainly reveal. He will
point out the way that will lead to success In
business, speculations, investments, love, court-
ship,' matrimony, divorce or anything you may
be in trouble about.
Unlike impostors and pretenders. Professor
Victor takes no money in advance and posi-
tively refuses to accept any fee If you are not
entirely satisfied. All business strictly con-
fidential. . Hours from 9 a. m, .to 8 p. m. dally
and Sunday. 700 Post st.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at once and save $4.
His former $5 readings' this week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
You consult him. - •
(You to b« full Judge.)
PAUL DESTINE.
Tbe first registered trance clalryovant and
* Palmist evar in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I. do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called t,or; I prom.
Ife to tell you If husband,' wife or sweetheart
Is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry. In fact I will tell every hope,
• fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself; I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated, ' cause happy marriage,* make you
successful in life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
' and burled treasures and Insure you succeks
or charge nothing for -my service*; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. : Sundays 2 to fl. '
826 — O'Farrell st. — 328.
1SMAR. . the . Egyptian gypsy,', clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
ft., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. -m.;. readings. by mail' as satisfac-
tory as in person: .'! questions :inswered, $1:
full-life. $5; send lock of .hair.* date of year
of birth: don't send currency; send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
JUST ¦ DAGMAR
TheT:gyptian palmist, clairvoyant and card
reader; consult.cn all affairs of life: If in
doubt, trouble or adversity, she will help
you.. 100 McAllister St.. room 8. ..
A— MME. RAVENNA." formerly 5 Fourth st.:
reads life: 'business advice: -'.originator of
names given; for one week. fiOc. - Offices 83b
- Howard st., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
A— Miss M. Wille. 460 G^ary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal, seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for -without' asking a que*-
tlon; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young." gifted, clalr. & palm.;
1 correctly, treat your love. affairs, domestic
* trouble. . bus. and financial* success; names;
L.. 50c; G...$l. 714,Frankiin. nr. ,G. G. ave.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on allaffafrs ; of -life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed: 25c upM7; 3d, next Exam.
MRS. A: "H. KRONENBERO. rpalmist, dalr-
.. voyant, : card reader: when others fall try me;
good readings 10c.: 721 Franklin; nr. Q.Q.ave.
MRS.; BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to; 23% 6th; I." 25c. s. 60c.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant 017 Market, rooms
11-12: gives dates, names, facts;. hours 11-9.
I OLDEST.lady palmist and card reader In city,
i 26% Kearny.-roonr20;. ladles,- 26c; gents; 50c.
j MRS.* BAUMANN. • the ¦- well-known ' fortune-
. teller, , is now, at 3l7.ElUs;st.'.; ;-.' .
MRS." SHAFER/Vclalrvoyant.'-card ¦ reader;, sit-;
. tings daily;; 44SK Jessie at..' bet.' Bth and 6th.
CAnPET^BEATIKG AND CJL1B AXING.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; pries moderate.
6. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone Main 5237..
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- beat-
Ing Works. 355-357 Tehama et.; tel. South 4a
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Worki,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 128.
WESTERN Carpet CIeanlng~Works. 1809 Har-
rison «t.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 228.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 21C
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WAIXX)M & CO.. Props.
R UDOLPH * CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Missjon 263.
w^gg^ECTION^QrriOI!S.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms »-10: tel. Main 5580.
CREDIT CLOTHIEKS.
C. F. ADAMS CO. i ~~
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family frcm hats to
shoes; everything up to date at caah prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st.
CI.OTHI1TO BEWOTATmO.
6UITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring: and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st.. rcom 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CITRUS HTXFTTJKB.
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 MarkeT st. • JlOoTrupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50o;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
I ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist,r.l4,lst
floor, Pholan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR.; H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth wlth-
_outjplates specialty. 1841 Polk st.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver, 35c: crowns, ?2: no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.20l Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Keaj-ny, cor. Eush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings. 25c,
DHESSM A K EIlSJl XI) SEAMSTRESS K S
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting; double
stamps on dre<is linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure.; eve. claes. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business j
study in the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, Inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, 901-
025 Golden Gate ave.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.: established 18 years: the school that
. secures positions for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24"POST.~S^
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions ; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and b»tt»r school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
; College. 1C36 Market St.
STAMMERERS taurht to 'talk; no drawl.
j singsong or motions. Call or write Natural
Speech Academy, 1030 East Twenty-eighth
St.. Los Angeles, Cal.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.,- Sat. and t*un.:
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Fester's
School of Dancing, 155C Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Duniness College en
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13J-2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College :Oc!d Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith.,
spellinr. writinc, etc.: day eve. ;?tmo. eve.
HEALD'P~i=chool oTMInes&EIectrlcttr. 24~~Post j
st.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering; '
complete equipment. Special catalogue free. |
HINMAN'3 Academy, a thorough school of i
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.. j
bet. Pine ami California; classes now open.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln., mech.. sur- ]
vey, afsay, cyanide: day, ev. : est. 1804. Van i
<3er Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall. !
SPANISH — A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. 5.10 California, r.4.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
GUITAR, manrtplln and piano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club SI per mo. 828 Halght st.
SCHOOL o"F ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st. — Night class.
PIANO~ lessors, 2Sc~half~hourr~MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH, French.etc. Prof.DeFilippe'sAcademy
of language, 320 Post:e»stab'dlS71;abIest profs.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE ~AOKirT2l~Post~ st?;'tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce-jJapanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell gt. Tel. Main 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau,
504 Kearny St.. room 3; phone Black 415S. 1
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leori Seung'a. 411^ O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office: Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese -Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 518S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 day.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — KKMALK.
LADY of middle age; experienced in resorts
or sanatorlums, social or business manage-
' ment; country preferred. Box 4430. Call. .
STRONG German woman wants work by the
day; washing, ironing and cleaning. 313
Jessie st. ; upstairs. ¦
GERMAN lady wishes work by. the day. Call
227 &. Hayes st.
STRONG, willing American woman wants
laundry work only. $1 25 and car fare;
sweeping and cleaning If no laundry work.
737% Howard St.. second flight, .room 12.
AN experienced and partly trained nurse will
care for Invalid; $35 per month. Box 43C.1,
Call office. ¦ ¦ •
YOUNG girl desires a position as saleswoman
also girl as cash girl; reliable. Please ad-
dress 6 Eddy St., office 31.
REFINED lady desires position as housekeeper
In mountains or country. Address box 1077.
Call office. Oakland. . .
A LADY would like four hours' chamberwork
In rooming- bouse or hotel. Address , MRS.
HARRISON. 29 Rlnggoldst: . ¦ ;
POSITION wanted by trained nurse In doctor's
office; best of credentials; 10; years' experi-
ence. Box 43T2. Call. : - -¦',.*¦.,
EXPERIENCED tallorrss desires 'a position -on
coats. Address or call 3U Moss st.
DRESSMAKER, 3 years' ' exDerlence, would
like to work out by the day. , 1615 O'Farrell.
WOMAN wants work to take care, of children
or nurse an invalid. 710 Harrison St.
WANTED — Work by the day by a German
lady. Call or address 420 Sixth st.
FINLAND girl, good cook, wants situation;
I wages S30. 245 Clara at.
ADVERTISEMENTS, supncrlptlons received at
¦ Call brarie* office, cor. Duncan & Church .St*.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken "for ..The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. RX\ McAllister st.
, EMPLOYMENT WAXTED-.MALE.
RELIABLE, competent young man. thoroughly
understands care of horses and duties per*
tainlng to footman's and coachman's posi-
tions.- wishes situation on private place, city
or country. A. M. BARRETT, northwest
. ' corner Washington and East sts; ' *•*
WANTED— A situation by a respectable man;
' good cook gardener, make butter, milk: ex-
perienced poultry . : raiser; references. • ' Box
4637. Call office. :¦
WANTED — Situation aa coachman: experienced
man. Box 4113. Call.; ~; •. , -.: .•-...: -..»..
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wishes .situation:
can lend $400. A. B. WARD, .box 4410/ Call.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
RELIABLE, competent younr man, age 27.
wishes a position on private place; city or
country; attend garden, etc.: capable horse-
man and driver; thoroughly understands
coachman's duties; references. Box 4417. Call.
A STRONG 15-year-old boy who can drive and
take care of a horse, do chores and handy
with tools, wants a job on a country place
near Oakland. Box 1079, Call office, Oak-
land. •
COOK wants a situation; hotel, boarding or
restaurant; quick short-order man, under-
standing his business, and all around man;
¦ city or country. Box 4429, Call office.
WANTED — Situation by an Ohio farmer; ex-
perienced in stock, grain and fruit farming:
married; can give best of references. Box
442S. Call office.
BARBER— First-class from New York wants
first-class position. Address Barber, box
4405. Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation as assistant
bookkeeper or general office work in whole-
sale house; references. Box 4431. Call office.
GOOD cook wants situation In boarding- hou9e
or restaurant. Call CIS Folsom st.
ASSAYER and chemist wants situation; ex-
perienced mill man. Box 4416. Call office.
WANTED — Position by young man with gener-
al experience, both wholesale and retail, in
toys, house furnishing and woodenwar* lines;
have been employed by the same concern II
years In different capacities; can furnish Al
references. Box 4422, Call office.
ENGLISHMAN. 12 years In Central America;
good bookkeeper, thorough knowledge Span-
ish, also French; desires poeitlon with manu-
facturing or exporting firm with a view to
eventually representing them In Europe.
Box 4655, Call.
ATTORNEY, who Is also experienced office
man, bookkeeper, correspondent, business
manager, etc.. will accept position with cor-
poration, real estate concern. Box 4327, Call.
A YOUNG colored man desires a position aa
porter. Janitor or fireman; 7 years' experience
around boilers; best of references. Call on
or address W. CHOCOLATE. 232% Natoma.
A MIDDLE-AGED couple. Just arrived from
Europe, would like to get positions aa farm
hands, or any position in the city; no chil-
dren. Apply 585 Seventh st. _
YOUNG man wishes a situation at engineer;
has ten years' experience of oil burning and
steam fitting. Address Engineer, box 4574.
Call office^
YOUNG man of 33. German, wlshea place a»
houseman in flrst-elasa hotel or private
house; experienced. Box 4423. Call office.
WANTED— Position as grocery salesman by
young man of t»n years' experience; best
of reference*. Box 4424. Call office.
A GARDENER thoroughly versed In all
branches of borttculture under glaaa and
outside: S years In last position; with best
of recommendations. Box 4606. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by colored man as cook,
city pr country: hotel or private family.
Box 4634. Call office. '
COOK— Competent, quick, economical; hotel or
restaurant: city or country. Address box
4364. Call office. ¦*.
A TRUSTWORTHY man wants position aa
night watchman; can' furnish references. Ad-
dress J. B.. 756 Folsom st.
YOUNG man desires position In wholesale
house where there Is a chance of advance-
ment; best of references. Box 4407, Call.
BARTENDER (German) wishes situation: city
or country. Address W. E.. care of 801
Kearny St.. San Francisco.
BOOKKEEPER, graduate from one of best ac-
countants in city, desires position; wages no
object. Addreas G. B., 217 Parrott bldg.
BARHEK — First-class from New York wants
first-class j*os=itlon. Address Barber, box
44O5. Call office.
BAKER, first-class all-around bread and cake
baker and confectioner; country preferred.
BURTON. 192 Seventh st.
YOUNG man wants position as bookkeeper;
good references. Box HM, Call office.
MACUINIST. also draughtsman, wants posl-
tlon. PAUL QLASER. 312 Ellis st.
CUTTER and tailor wishes position; New
York references. Box 44C?. Call office.
YOUNG Chinese, first-class cook, wishes a
pesition in small private family. 815 Du-
pont at.. AH FONG.
A JAPANESE boy wants a place to do cook-
ing In small family: speaks English very
well. FRANK NAKA. 1714 Devisadero St.;
tel. Scott 577.
YOUNG J.tDanese boy wishes situation as a
. hous«worker." Address ZCJ Clement st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ad? and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's* Bazaar. GXi McAllister s:.
FBA.TH EH HE.MtVATlSft.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.-j tel. Howard 3167.
FINANCIAL.
FOR sale — 25 shares (8 per cent preferred.
$100 each p. v.); reliable, legitimate local
corporation; wholesale* druggists: splendid;
safe; cash opportunity. Box 4412. Call offlc*.
COSTA Rica Banana Co.; a life Income; shares
starting 5c: rare chance. 539 Crossley bldg.
FL_ ATS_ TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department; over 1000
In number: a combine- 1 list from all agencies:
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St.. on the square.
PINE. 70fl%. near Powell — Upper flat. 6 rooms
and bath; sun all day; fine view; $37 50.
See owner on premises.
FELL. C51. between Buchanan and Webster—
New sunny flat, never occupied: S rooms and
bath; every, modern Improvement.
SWELL 4 rooms and bath. 957 Hayes st. ; wa-
ter, garbage; ball lights; janitor service;
$r>0-$32 90.
AN upper flat of 5 rooms and bath. 3446
Twentieth st., near Capp.
SEVENTEENTH, 4182. near Castro-st. cars—
Sunny upper flat. 7 rooms, bath, basement.
TWENTY- SECOND. 3556, near Dolores— a
rooms and bath; double parlors; rent $15.
ELEGANT N W. cor. flat ; 7 rooms (all *ront) ;
bath, marine view: $43. Phone Geary 443.
LINDEN ave., 606 — Three nice sunny rooms,
basement; rent $11. /'-zt*
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FOR rent— Furnished «unny 5-room upper flat
and bath: rent $25: 1C5 San Jose ave., near
Twenty-third st. Call from 3 to 5 p. m. ¦
WASHINGTON. 2S33. near Alta Plaza— Beau-
tifully furnished sunny flat of 7 rooms.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
SIXTH. 32S — 6 rooms and bath; nice home;
cheap rent; must be sold; sickness.
$350 — FURNISHED flat, 7 rooms; new, mod-
ern; or will rent furnished. 624 Turk st.
FURNITURE FOR SUE.
CHEAPEST place to buy -furniture, stoves and
household goods of ei-ery description; flals
bought. Mission Auc. House, 429-439 Valencia.
OFFICE furniture;- a bargain; I 5-ft. roller
desk table, chairs, etc. 5S1 Parrott bldg..
0-12 a. m. * -
NEWLY furnished flat of 7. rooms; rent $35;
mum be sold at once; a snap at $175.- 1012
' Golden; Gate ave.
SOLID oak furniture cheap;. 3 rooms. 4 Bond
St., near Twelfth and Mission.
~ FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Ml jslon,' phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
IIURD, auctioneer. ISIS Mkt.Uel.Howard 275«.
HELP WANTED-r-FEMALE.
A WOMAN free from home cares who can
devote herself to a well-paying undertak-
ing. Box 4411. Call office. •*.**
WANTED — Experienced mllllnlry saleswoman.
Jpply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS'. * '¦ _ 1 ___ -
WANTEI>— A competent girl for . general
" housework . and cooking. .1622 Geary Ft.
WANTED — First-class waist and coat helpers.
J.BAEK, 1200 Geary at.
BCSIXESS CHANCES— Conttn»-e<L J
A— ?400o7 r CORNER raloon. with lease; large
cellar; car«l and private rooms; kept by own-
ers for years; fullest investigation solicited.
See R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny s^
A— $3000; GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment in Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 and a first-class paying business;
other Investments only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— ?1200; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4*4 barrels
per day: daily sales $45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— ?1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock: clears at loast $250 per month;
fuil value in sight; a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A— $500; BRANCH bakery and candy Ftore,
with living rooms; daily receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE, 20fc Kearny st.
A — $22(10; Saloon, with lease; estab. years;
vicinity of Fourth St.. Market and Stockton;
place epeaks for itself; all particulars. R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 16 fur-
nished rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $05; a
business where nan and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26-tfr Kearny at.'
A — $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
at.; rent $40; lease;.*} horse*, 6 wagons; busi.
ness eetab. years; Investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1650; COR. saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50; lease; a tint-class paying place In
choicest location; $150 per month clear guar-
anteed. R. G. WILKE. 20% "earny st.
A— $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
gallery, averaging about $9 50 per day: ex-
penses about $5 per day; will sell or trade
. Jor lodging-house. See R. G. WILKE. 2«H
Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery in
choicest location; rent $80; dally receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26 V4 Kearny st. ¦-
A— $950; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton us.; rent $75; a splendid
location and r«re business chance.' See R.
G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A— $2260; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.;
no oppcjjrltton: 1" thriving country town about
75 miles from this city: a rare chance. For
particulars see R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A BAKERY acroes the bay, with lot BOxlOO;
house of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.: price $3tJ00; not all cash required; a
good business. Call on R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
FOR sale — Branch bakery, dairy produce,
candy and ice cream; splendid trade; good
business location. For particulars, address
box 4660. Call office.
WANTED — Grocery In a good location for
business. Address box 4639. Call office.
$1800— GROCERY and bar: location Is good;
well «tocked; good business. Box 4598, Call.
ROUTE on Call. Apply at office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1003 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
LAQY wants infant or small child to care for;
lovely home: help kept; best reference*. Box
1078. Call office, Oakland.
LODGIAG-IIOIJSUS FOR SALE.
A CA11EKON & CO. Phone South 1010.
3 i-.cidy st.. cor. Market and Powell,
Headquarters lor roomlne-hou&es. hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
125 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; first-
clars up-to-date downtown hotel; well tur-
nished; clearing $5w) to $000 i>er month; must
sell on account other business; only with us.
9-room, new, modern flat; 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $11*00; a bargain; eick-
uess.
50 rooma; elecantly furnished; fine location;
; close In; new and modern throughout; full and
clearing $250 to $350 per month; must be Bold
to settle an estate; only face or mortgage now
on it asked; chance of a lifetime.
90 rooms; part offices; ele-cnt new building
and furniture; high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; tlrst-clats grill in
connection; best propesitiou in city; called
East.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
sood lease.
17 rooms: rent only $70; oak furniture, Ax-
minster carwts: line location; clears $80; tine
buy.
S rooma; fine upper flat; rent only ?30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
25 rooms: oak fur.; velvet carpets: close In;
can be run as boardinz-house if desired; $180i>.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building: fine entrance; cheap rent: clear-
ins J-40U Der month: 5-year lease; part cash,
balance $S per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $S5: well furnished; ail new;
$800 down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; only
$12C0.
25 rooms: rent only $60; north Market; all
full; clears J10O per month; price $1800; will
exchange for email chicken ranch.
106 rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
family hotel In city; all full and clearing $47h>
to $600 per month; books open for Inspection;
obliged to leave city.
7-room flat; rent $40; . oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price JC.'.fi.
72 rooms; rent ?400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings;
clearing $60O per month; every room full; will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms: cheap rent; clr*e In: thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $10O; part cash.
I 56 room*; corner: rent only $500; best down-
town house in city: electric elevator; well fur-
nished; guaranteed to clear $400 to $500 per
month; books ODen for inspection: everything
in first-class shape: on account other business.
30 rooms: rent only $160: oak and cherry
fur.: fine carpets; close In; fine money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luurlously furnished; 6-yesr contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $-100 to ?600 per month; obliged to leave
city.
11 rooms: rent $40: close In: oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels ca*tr>ets: clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
4« rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel
rsouth of Market: fin? har; "well stocked: brick
building; electric lights; everything good con-
dition: ¦ part cash, balance time; price 52500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
8-room -i.!r»>er flat: corner: all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture: 2 entrances-
takes in $30 to ?40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 • rooms: -corner: rent only $85: oak fur.:
pood carpet*: housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 ; over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady:
price J1600.
BO room*; new, modern apartment-house: 10-
year, leaBe: cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern bullolng: In
one of the best cities In Southern California;
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up tn date; 9-year lease: rent only $200; clear-
Ing $250 to ?30O per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms: *vell furnished; first-class tran-
sient house: 2 blocks off Market: B-year lease;
I clearing over $100: good buy for some one.
31, rooms: rent $110; all 1 light rooms; clear-
ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $800
to get in; must leave city at once: price $1300.
,108 rooms; cheap rent; new and. elegantly
furnished: up-to-date apartment-house; .has
fine bar; can be run in conjunction if desired:
rare chance for rlcht parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid, out of housemother business
Interests demand . Immediate • departure.
126 rooms; rent only,?4 per room: new and
up-to-date house; • all men: electric elevator,
Hirhtp; Ions !e«*e; clears ?4 00, to S500 ' per
month: one of the : best •. buys In theclty. - **,-'.
A— $10C0: houat of. 30 rooms. 37 beds;>*ent $100.
lease of 4 yearn: good furniture: room« always
occupied. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Keamy.
A— 14 ROOMS: snap: all full. Call 212 Fifth
¦- «.. between. 1 and 3 p..m. • ,. :., . . ,-
18 KOOMR: rent 170:. long. !mi«e; furnished new;
dears $60. Call at S5C. Ellis st.
THE CALL
SQ-OXl P. SPS-C—T-S. Proprietor.
TfcJrgs CcomtoiiiCaS 10 iCHNKcKADEHT, Kasager
W. J. . MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson et.
Delivered by Carrier* 20 Cts. Per Week. 73
Cts. Per Month Single Copies 6 CMtt * ,.
Terms fcy Hall. Including Postage (Ca«h W ith |
Ordtr): „-
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year... f? TO
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mos.... 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Sicgle_Month •»=
FUNDAY CALL 1 Year J-jJJ
WEEKLY CALL 1 Tear • *¦
FOREirv f Daily. . .$8.R0 Per Tear Extra
POR-?*op - Sunday. 4.16 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. L Woek iy. 1.00 Per Year Extra,
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested. ,
Mail eubecribere in ordering cSange of ad;
CTfta «bould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD AX)DRESS in order to Insure a
prompt fi_J correct compliant:* with their ra-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
XUS Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tl4S Center Street Telephone Nortn ti
Washington correspondent:
SA1IVEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
KEW TOP.K NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel: A. Brectano. SI
rclon Equare; Murray Hi:i Hotel; Firth-ave-
Cue Hotel and Hoflman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehenr.an House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel: Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATrVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Manjuette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
I
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
CTEPHEN B. 6MITH 30 TTibune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON „. Herald Square
EUEINESS OFFICE cf the Pan Franclt*co
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
unti'. 12 o'clock every nipht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
C2T Montgomery rtreet. corner Clay; open
until 8:30 p m.
SCO Heyes street; open cntil 9:30 p. m.
fp McAllister street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Lerkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etceet: open until 10 p. m.
£2<",i Market/'etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. in.
!W Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
J0!<6 Valencia street; open until B p. ra.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan etreeU;
until 9 p. m.
JCcrthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. in.
22<*» Fillraore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
MISSION Chapter No!.~79. R. A SlT^ «
i^t.itrd meeting THIS (TTTUKPDAY) VW
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 31. M. /V>
d'giet. By ord^r of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodg- No. 1. F. and A. C
i£.. v ill meet THIS (THURSDAY) "V^f j
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second /V\ !
Q>pre<«. FRANKLIN H. t'AT, Sec. j
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. a
211*. F. and A. M..' meets THIS "Vy '
'THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:.10/V\ |
o'clock for third degree. Master Ma-
eons cordially invited, ny order of the Mae-
ter. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC I>-.<lpe No. 216. F. and A. M.— <a I
First degree THIS 'THURSDAY) *VV
EVEN1NO at 7:S(t o'clock. Masons /VS
ere cordially Invited. By order of
the Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
fcTARR KING L^dce No. 344. F. and a
A. M.. 317 D*vi«adero ft.— Third de->fV*
Kite THI.S EVENING at 7:30 o'clock: /*V\ '
Master Ma9o*n« cordially invited. By
order of the W.M. A. A. ANDERSON. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. Z~.
F.— Initiation THIS (THURS- - ygi£.*iih.
IiAYj KVENINCJ. .March 17. Yis-t;^W&£&
Ittac brothers 'v/111 be cordially '^{y.^^ I
welcomed. A. W. MISAKER, Noble Grand. |
? E. V. CULVER. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lrdc? No. Zh\7T. Z^^*ZT
O. O. F. — Members, you are here- •^^^» i *f*- i
bv notified to a5serab!»" at our -i>^ <^-*J^tS <
lodporocin on THURSDAY, 'S**.**^" 1
?.!«irch 17. J9-M. at 1:30 p. m.. for the pur-
11 se of attending the funeral of our late
brother. A. a BTEX.
F. LUTLEY. N. G.
CALIFORNIA Lodpe No. CkToT P..
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- \?tf&^
ING. March 17. at fc o'clock. Knight iOKsJ
rank, long form. Visitors cordially £f?*£i*
ir. k-ited to attend.
»C. O. MOLL. C. C.
R. N. McLENNAN, K. of R. and S. I
ANCIE-.'T Order of Forester* — A Jcint v m !
meetinc Of ail the ccurts in the city y^»J- >^ '
f.i:i be heM in Pioneer Hair. £ij
THURSDAY. March 17. at 8 p. in.. /£&
Jor the purpose of initiating <ar. is- *>£«>
cs:'i ar.d exerrpiifyinp the ritual. Every j
Forester in the c:ty is urged to atterd By '
or-ier of J. B. SANKORD. H. C. R.
ANNUAL Meetin**-— Hutchlnson Supar Pianta-
tl.n Cf>T*npany — The reg'jlar annual muting of
iht fTocKholder* ofthe in.TCHINSON FUG\R
rLANTATION COMPANY •will be lield at i
*l".t efftee of the company, JJo, :;27 Market !
urect <rocra 4, t*eond llcxir). in the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Call-
icrr.ia. en TUESDAY, the 22d day of March
A. D.. 1!K4. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.
; Jcr -.he pxiTVor* of *-!ectinp a Hoard of Di- I
rector*, to aerve for the e.nsuinir year, and
fcr the transaction of such other buslnese |
mi rr.ty properly co:ne betore. the meeting.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY
March IT l'.K*. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS.
ftcrctary Hutrhinson Sugar Plantation Com-
pany. 327 Market etreet. San Francisco.
Ce'!fcrn:a
far. Francisco. Cal.. March S. J»M.
ANNUAL rceetlr.s— The annual Tieetinj: of the
Ftorkhclcers cf the WESTERN SUGAR
REFINING COMPANY -nil! V* held ,
st the offl<-4 of the ompany. No.
327 Market St.. Kan Francisco, California.
on MONDAY, the 2Sth day of March. 1901. at
the ho*jr of 12 m.. for the purpose of elect-
Ing • board cf director?" to Ferve for the
enau.ng year, and the transaction of sucli
ether business as may come before the tneet- I
In*. Transfer books will close on Friday
March IS. 3904. at 12 tn. W. H. HANNAM*. i
Secretary
* 1
THE California Debris Commltslcn having re-
ceived application to mine by haudraulic
rroc^rr from T. M. Conn an1 S. G. Simpson
in Kmisrant Hill placer mining claim n*er
Quinsy. Pluir.a« County. «;al.. dr*in:ns into
fran:fh Creek, which reaches Feather Rtver.
Five* notice that meeting will be held at
rr>cm 9rt Flood buildirp. San Francisco. Cal..
Mar-h 2*. 1904. gt 1 :.7O p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The TV^eJcly Call.
1* p»ee«. <n -wrapper, for mailing. $1 rer year!
AGEXTS WANTED.
MEN rnd women to represent us In "each
county. Particulars, address Reliance Com-
mercial Co.. P. O. box 5ai. Oakland. Cal.
Cal.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Ip
a decided Improvement on building and loan
!e worth having. Great Western Improve-
raent Company. Parrott building.
AGENCIES fcr every city of the Union for the
Marquis Hair Tor.ic Co.; libercl terms. 414
Port rt-. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Firrt-clase JJfe Insurance •ollcltor;
"X al Z * 100 p * r '"onth and commission*.
492 Parrott bldg. ;
**PX55.^???? l ? :w 5 wsmso.
HAVING recently acquired throusrh exchange
of property three $40 m.holarshlps In the best
College of Advertlrinr in the United States
I w:II «>11 them at 25 per cent discount for
caph: the co!!eee teaches advertlsinc writ- I
iisr by correspondence and «.->imh its grad-
uates to aerure positions: catalosm»« fur-
riifhfed onappliratli-n. Adrtregg box :>02«. Call. !
ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW.
A' PRIVATE, quick divorce for a email - fee
6ee n-.e and rave money; no pay in advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW '
Ertabliebed 22 yr*.: mi. 1, 2. 3. 4 & 6. 1st fl. '
1122 Market et., between Mason and Taylor
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed. I
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bid* j
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all caees, general court and office prac-
tice; no tee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Ited 3061. •
DIVORCE — Costa. $12; nuick. quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 927 Market at., rm. 30L
1^ S. CLARK. 927 Market «t.; consultation
tree; bo fit* la advance; open evenings. '
BCSIKKSS CHANCES. ;¦-
A^ STRANGERS. ATTENTION' J
Are you looking for a safe and profitable]
bu6lm*ss opening in San Francisco? If so, ;
we can offer you any number requiring an 1
Investment from $100 to $5o,UOO; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our
office must stand the closest Investigation,
and we can place you In a store, factory,
hotel, mill, otfice. or. in* tact, any business
you may prefer. Kindly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 327 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION:
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we- can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who v.ill Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of dr-elrable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., H27 Market St.
A— $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that any
person ever lost a dollar who invested any
money throuch our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California, j
Capital stock, $50,000.
927 Market «.. rooms 321. 322. 323. 824.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who. can invest $500 In a
hich-cla«s real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; invest- '
jnent eecured and ?20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 8O rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing'-room. with 10 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money- can buy
throughout; finest linen & best silver service;
10 years' lease; price $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A FA F13 INVESTMENT.
S1000 cash and services secure interest and
office of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly aa-
eured; highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
- On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle cr gambling scheme, but
a reputable business e?tb. 3 years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. «27 Market st.
* THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold Mock of the Norton Bay
Co $2*: will be worth $200 by Aus'.jst. lf>04.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. H27 Market st.
a— tailoringTand haberdashery. 7
A first-class tailor or eentleman familiar
with rent! furnishing goods ('an secure a
partnership In one of the leading stores In
San Francisco: about ?8'K)0 cash required.
OERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— BARBER SHOP
For sale: 4-chair shop; centrally located and
r^d, established trade; sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of immedlp.te sale.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS.
¦Wanted, man with $-H>O9 cash to take interest
In otaMe establiFhed 10 years: $1PO monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— WHOLESALE WHISKY HOUSE.
B°inz also Importers and distillers and es-
tablished in San Francisco thirty years, de-
. Fire sn additional partner, with $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— LIGHT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS.
Partner wanted with $2000 cash in the manu-
facture of high-Krad*** pas and electrical fix-
tures nna latest Improved mantles.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— CANDY. CANDY. CANDY.
For sale, store and factory; wholesale and
retail; situated In the heert of city and es-
tablished about 25 yrars: low rent; long
leaFf-: rrice $tVX">: easv terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— HARDWARE STORE
For salo: a high-class business; Ions rstab-
liFhPd nnd centrally located: otrner desires
to retire: will invoice about $.W>>.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— FfRNITXTtE BUSINESS.
A busin^ys inan with from $2000 to $3000 can
F«-cur" partnership in established business in
this city and tak» charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— HEAVY MANUFACTURING BUSINESS
For sale: a complete plant for the sale and
manufacture of CARRIAGE and WAGON
MATERIAL; estb. 15 years; also work and
repair shnn: sell at Invoice, about $12,000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
aTca ME RON & CO Phonei Sotrth'1050
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinOs of business chances.
03-ster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy an-i ice cream parlors. $200 to $2500
Barber shops S-100 to S2500
Cigar stands $.".50 to $2000
Gro«ieries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons Jv'00 to S1O.C0O
R«>Ftiiurants S3fi(> to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drus etores $2000 to $6000
Delicatessen stores $2.10 to S450O
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; well -equipped drug store: good fix-
tures, counters and Fhowcase; business al-
ready established; with (! rooms and bath
in r»ar; elosantly furnish^ throughout:
everything complete for housekeeping cf best
it quality. -CAMERON & CO.. :; Eddy st.
FOR sale cr tiade — Quartz mines; fine prospect;
located in •.."ai.; arrays ?40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candies; established S
years: clears over $2P0 per month: will In-
-TOlce about fl2(X». CAMERON. 3 Eddy Bt. ,,
FOR rale — One cf the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent: receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
fc CO.. 3 Eddy gt.
FOR sale, or will trade for email ranch — Fine
hardware and elrrtrical supply store; well
located; clearing $300 per month: first-class
proj>o5*ill<-'n; will stand strict investigation;
price SW00. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
$100 — FINE paying otfioe, and established com-
mission business: clearing $100 monthly.
NH7'i Market st.. room 1.
SUMMER rcnort; fln»*Rt climate; big payer;
»-r.Tnpl<*t«>: near olty; sickness; Investigate
ICOTta Market st.. rcom 1.
$2r.rs— PARTNER wanted In established com-
rrl?s|nn businefe clearing $150 monthly: will
give bank references; experience not re-
quired; grand opi>ortunity. 10C7^i Market, r.l.
FOR sale — A large, well paying bakery, with
larg* cake trade and 5 to « barrels of bread;
latest improved wagons and O good horves;
only a short distance from city. Inquire M.
P. DETELS. 218 California st.
A PARTY with small caoital to take interest
in 3 mining claims in Council District,
Alaska, help work property: rich paying
claims on all sidf ; big returns; meet owner
here. C. C. SMITH. 20 Montgomery, room ti.
PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman, with
or without Hervlre. to extend an established
picture and framing business ; success cer-
tain; apply on the premises. J. JONES.
1.M4 Park B t.. Alameda.
.IF you want to go Into business tell us what
you want. We will get it for you. THE
NORTH AMERICAN FINANCING CO ,
room t'.l, 1170 Market st.
A PARTNER wanted with email capita! in
one olthe best mail order luslness on the
roast, paying a good profit and room for
enlargement. Box 4R10. Coll office.
PARTXKR with $250 for fine paying office
l)tiyir.e«.»; nn exoerience necessary; $75
mo.; ytrady man wanted. 209 Kearny, j. 1.
$50 CAPITAL to ftart wins $12 dally; I loan
you $25: famous . distance pystem, wins 4
__races rially. DA VIP. 230 Powell St.. room 9.
FOR sal.?— Corner saloon; wholesale district;
first-. lnKF legation. Inquire HILBERT MER-
CANT1LE CO.. 213 Market et.
AI INVESTMENT, wlth~or"wtthout services-
corporation now. doing business: large divl-
dcndE assured. Box 43C2. Call, office.
CIGAR stand for gale: cor. Battery and Clay
sts.: on account of sickness in family must
be Bold in 15 days.
WANTED— To trade cl R ar store for roomlng-
house; will pay cash difference. 1008 Mar-
j ket St.. box 33.
A PORK delicatessen and restaurant: $275 If
Fold at once: toed location for sausage-
maker. Apply 1S37 Union st.
C^™ D^.* n< l' ce « creani Parlor* for sale; near
Presidio: fine fixtures; everything neat and
clean. Box 4628. Call office. '
FOR sale— Saloon with living-rooms and card-
rcome and large hall at transfer corner;
lease; rent low. Box 4570. Call office.
CONFECTIONERY and lee cream store In
first-class neighborhood and location- living
rooias; lease. Box 4C19. Call office.
FOR rale In a live bay town — Candy branch
h=.kery. lee cream and tamale parlor.' Ad-
dress box 461«. Call office.
DELICACY store: Larkin st.: well patronized;
price $5S0. Aopiy 2f.9 Kearny st., room 1.
$250— BRANCH ¦ bakery and restaurant; $25;
water free. 414 Jones st.
RESTAURANT for sale: $750: must be- sold.
W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery st.. room 5.
$650 — FINE- cigar stand; cheap rent; lease.
Opposite Transport. ; East and ¦ Folsom sts.
$250— RESTAURANT: 3 -living rooms; rent
S14; cvwd reasons for selling. &02 Sixth st.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE Con.
AT C. R. HAXSEN & CO/S. .Phjoj. O«nt «3
Hotel and Family D*»* rt "^ t t ftU , $-0
2 chambermaids, mtnin* town, fare Pa^i'g^
2 chambermaids, city hotel. .. . -•- • ¦¦•¦ ;V^ d
Girl, manjrle work, no experience. .$*0 board
Waitress, country hotel, fare paid »-j>
Waitress, arm work, country iarBQ
3 wnitressea. same city hotel.. ?- • »>
2 waitresses, commercial hotel... »
2 waitrssses. email country hotel .. . . —*:;'
25 waitresses, city and c 0 " 01 ! 7^,'-; «can
Second girl and seamstress. German, ecan
dinavian. French - •*•• • "» JV
Cooks. hou»**irla. second girls. n " r »«*; . ,
C. B. HAXSE.N & CO »^> Bujh gt :
COOK, small sanitarium *i£
Cook, no washing •"""i~ftl?ix
2 cooks, little wauhtn* * -o "fst
Parlor maid iz?
' Second pi ri. country i"^
Hoaregirl. 3'ln family, no waahlnr. •..•••*^
Laundress, crlvate family *j"
Infant nurse •••••••yi?
Nurse. 2 children, country J™
German nurs*. grown child .....•••*"*«'
Coolc and second girl, country. •»"?!?
house *2H:£
2 waitreases. ho:els and restaurant. ...$3-|-3
25 housegtrls. city and country- *.$C0-$-a-*3O
Apply to J. F. CRO3ETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresstnff.
manicurinz. etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Gearr St.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both atajons tausrh: from start to flnlsn
In 1 month for $15; positions aa trimmer*,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wlc up;
day and evening clasa. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslna;
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room »4; positions secured
at highest wagea; day and eve claaa; call.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letter*
at home, evenings or spare time, and return
to us: no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
' earned : materials free. Inclose self-ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Guarantee
Co.. No. W4 Ninth St.. Philadelphia. Pa.
EXPERIENCED millinery ealesladlaa wanted
at enca. Apply Superintendent's offlc*. the>
Emporium.
WANTED— Girl for cooklnr and general
housework. Apply between 4 and ft at 734
McAllister st.
WETNURSE wanted. Apply to Dr. Lewitt.
6C0 Van Ness ave.. 1 to 3 p. m.
"WANTED — Neat young girl for second work.
617 Stelner st.. near Hayes.
GIRL for general housework. Apply 3632
Twentieth st. _
WANTZD— Refined. mlddle-«red lady, no ln-
cumbrance; companion to lady; small wages
and good home; references. Addreas box
107S. Call office. Oakland. -
WANTED — A girl to car* for child 8H years
old; references. Call morniags at 2320 Sac-
ramento st. _^
WANTED— Flrst-clasa jacket and silrt after-
atlon hands ADply between 9 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS'.
GERMAN girl for housework In small family;
no children: wages $16. 1432 CTT+rrM st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscrlpUons reo«lv«d at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of Tb« Call for th» recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions baa
been ot>ened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until Up. m.
HELP WASTED XAXeI
a— murrat^readt" "e»*-«3a"cia7"i£
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agwsts.
In 1903 we gave During 1004 we hops
work to 60,000 men. to increase 60,000.
DO YOU SPEAK
Italian, German. Spanish.
Greek. French. Swiss?
Reduced Rates. Cheap Tares to
Nevada. -. . s Nevada.
To Navada State.
8 hcurs day. Government Work. S houx» day.
25 teamsters, ship to-night; $2 day.
10 laborers; ship to-night.
Roekmen, drillers. Irrigation ditch.
Nevada State.
Government Work.
Ship To-night.
Presidents and Owners of
GREAT
GOLD MINES.
COPPER AND SILVXR,
At Our Office TO-DAY. See Them.
15 single and double hand drillers. $S2 50.
0 MACHINE MINERS, . $30
Blacksmith for mine. Cement finisher.
Don't be stingy with' your distance.
GET CLOSER!
TO LAND OF SUNSHINE.
WHERE MAN CAN WORK EVERT DAY.
BIG WAGES!
ARIZONA— ARIZONA.
CLOSE TO PnESOOTT. 910 MILES.
$3 1O— THAT'S ALL!
55*5 Laborers, teamsters, drillers, ROCK*
MEN. etc.
CENTER GREAT MINES
IIILKERS
29 MILKERS, all parts of California. $30.
$35. $40 and found.
4 Butter- makers. $40 and found.
12 FARM AND RANCH HAND'S.
$25. $26 and $3O and found.
4 milkers, fare paid. NORTH. $35 and found.
5 CHOREMEN, $20. $25, $35 and found.
WOODCHOPPERS.
125 woedchoppers. all over State.
Pontmakers. shaktmakers. etc.
2 farm hands together. Oregon, $30 and fd.
LOOK!
Boy for city store. J5.
6 boys, learn trades. $4, $5 and $3 week.
Gardener, flowers and vegetables, $40.
2 young men little experience pa in tire. $6 to
$9 week. /
Blacksmith, woodworker, city factory, fit
week.
Driver fcr merchandise store. $50.
' SHIP CALKERS.
2 ship calkers, factory. $2 50 day.
Young man, ward orderly, institution. $25 fd.
MURRAY & READY.
«34 and »J3(J Clay st.
TUG deckhand. $45; milker. $4i> and found:
j; 2.1 day: Ironer and polisher. Tyler ma-
chine. ?15 week: farmer and wife; old man
to care for place. $5 and found: hotel cook,
$40; oyster man, $4."»; elevator boy. and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. €28 Sacramento.
A BAKER for" country hotel; $60 and found;
see boss here Friday morning early. MIS3
' PLUNKETT. 425 Sutler. St.. near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 MontgemeryTr." 12—
Second cook for resort. $70: bellboy, $15.
WANTED — Those who served In the V. 9. Vol-
unteers in the war with Spain and the Philip-
pine rebellion to apply for two months' extra
pay, which is now due. For particulars, call
or address F. B. WILSON. 456 Parrott bMjc.,
San Francisco; open from 9 a. m. to 0 p. m.
_____ _____ „ .._
Men to learn the barber trade in two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
( College. 635 Clay «t.
WANTED — Competent salesman for lubricating
greases and oils: must be experienced: all
applications must state age. salary required,
giving references; confidential. Address box
4427. Call office. , . .
A BOY for an insurance office, about IS years
old. residing In San Francisco with parents.
Address, in own handwriting, box 4413, Call.
COACHMAN: good, willing sober man; thre«
horses.- two cows, garden work; wages $35;
private place: references. Apply 9-10 a m
E. G. SCHMIEDELL. 307 Sansome st. , '
YOUNG men everywhere, cop'y letters hom«
evenings; $0 SO week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W4.
boa 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
BARBER sho» for sale; two chairs (revolv.
Ing): good location: price $100: rent S1O
BECKEL & PRESHER. 367 Twelfth st "
Oakland, Cal.
$200 CASH required: 2-chalr barber shop-~«ieT
gantly furnished: In office building: suitable*
for S partners. Address A. U. KNOWLE3
301 Jones St. .
WANTED — Porter and bootblack: boy pre-
ferred. Arena Barber Shop. 1161 Jefteraon
St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Good shoemaker on repairing in
shoe store; steady wotk. 2S01 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work Inside" HOS
Market st.
OPERATOR on vests. <M1*4 Stevenson it.
DELIVERY boy for florist at StT Francis Ho-
tel. Apply 1130 Sutter st.
YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters,
green hands, for ships. Herman's. 27 Steuart.
WANTED— Eight beys for~~o7flce. Call at 13
Howard »t. ¦ •
BOY about 17 years eld wanted. 106 Ellis nU
BOY; deatal laboratory. Call at 8 4. n., 1170
Market at., room b& •¦•% T T*
A CALL WANT AD HOPE RETURNS TOP THE C05TContinued ou Page Fourteen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1904.
13
S SiAiN MINi \J \ FsLI^ I |.lZL)ILj i advertising n\ '.jAN. 1 i"^AmV_Ov^C/
HEM' WASTED HAKE C«*n.
v • AT THE CAl7 EMpTaGENCT.
14 Third st: rhcs« Bash 403.
NEVA1JA.
Teac^t^rsr. laborers, rccksiaa.
G overrun: r.t Job; S hour*.
-airy hand, milker and butter raaJcer 5*0
llar.iy man ir'BnJ chicken ranch. Gernif.n
preferred £35 and. board
S:i:i mar., for oil reir.cry t'JO
A MAN c-r tedaB—tsMc euergy and rush, a good
taikir. «-2K<-r to make mooev F. PERSON.
477 and 4?b Parrott building.
BARBEP.S — City front shop fcr ealc; transient;
chcai>; <-v.-r.er sick. DECKELMAN, 106 Eliis.
WAXT_iJ — niperieneed trimruins. lace and
fancy i->_-o<ls man; one capable of managing
stock end wililiur to CO to Las Angeies;
fct*t» »c«". *"XMMie-rHe and sajarj" expected.
Apply box No. ti'X.
TOR Nevada — 1 foreman. $-1; 1 tlack«m!th. $3;
2o 4-horse ekiniH-rs, $2 1'5. Special induce-
ment* rex*r__g refunding of fare. HORD
_ BSOTH, t& Third st.
WANTED — Laborers and merbanics to know
that _J Itoikln. Reno House proprietor, has
¦ Odea 100 ner.- rooms to the Ijeaver House.
217 Third «.; 250 rocai^; 23c to 50c per night.
PENSION ATTT., M. HARRIsTiO Ellis gt ; 11
j ears' rract'.ce; references frcm thousands of
F'rrcn* fcr whc_ I have secured pensions.
TRY car era's fhoe*. union made, at fl and
(hi 50 pair: fcot-fnrm rhces at $2 50; we psy
espres* cr mail charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bM.
COATKAKER for coontrr. Applv REISS
BROS. _ CO.. 3A Snttcr ft.
WANTED — Tailor for eenoral wcrk;~*goo<i
**ECS. VAN PER MAELEN. Sas Rafael.
WANTED — Good, American barter; union
*tuv Address A. Call office, San Jcse.
CARFEXT—K. cock, and blacksm'Ui wanted.
f.17 Jackson st. * - .;¦ .
GREEN hands and sailors wanted for steam-
er?. '17 JackEcn _.
BARBER shop for sale; call ar.d see it. 2493
S_aslo_ st. i,
WANTED — First-class man with eucressful
record as Ea>sinaji or department head Box
4S<;7. Call office.
B.« RBERS — 4-chair shop at half its value:
jrc-co ti-ade. going out of business. Address
4T.a Twtifth St.. Oakland.
BARBERS — For pale, fi-cha!r. compressed air
outfit; cheap. 133S Market st.
FOR Fsi» — 3- chair barber shop. Inquire "WILL
_ FINCH.
GERMAN: steady: reference: handy; tend bar,
•rfsebooat; ir.arri<ei1 preferred. Box 22*1, Call.
SAILC'RS ar.d gre^n hands for Euror* and
ft<"«rn whalers. LANE?. 3O4 Davis St.
Pursier. A:ty.. E. A. Cull'.s. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
MAN to do janitor work fcr tuition in S. F.
Berber £cho<-.!. 741 Howard «.
¦WINCHESTER Hotel. 44~Third st.. neal- Marl
k-^t— 7C<» rtxims: i."Ve nipht: rfcading-roome;
free "trus ad baggage to and from ferry. •
A BRA NO! nffire of The Call ftr the reception
rf sdv»rti*em*>nts and Fubscrirticns has be*o
opened at IO36 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Opra ur.tM 11 p. ra.
_DV_KTIhKMr.!il'I_, fubscripticn* received at
Ca!I branch ofSc*. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL Eiz*s m-ns sho^r. si ighUy damage, half
i-rice SC3 Mission «., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET* TOUT f^hoet half-«<nled while waiting; 2T«:
c Th» . r»»'3 Missi<'n tt.. bet. 1st and 21 Ft?.
HORSES AXD WAGOX5. f
F.!^GI"LAR auction pal»s cf hor**»s, bi:eci»t.
wagens an-1 harness every Monday at II
o'clock at 615 E!!!s «.; all horse* guaranteed
to b* as r^pr»**>me<l. S. W'ATKINS, Auc-
»;r.ni?<?r. Phone East 743.
At'TTION sal» of horse* everj- Wednesday at
11 e. m.. ."27 «xth St.; every h»n?e must be
sf rern^senfd or monev refun-J<?d. JOHN J.
POYLE. Auctioneer.
HORSE, harness, business bujegy: a barsain.
A'idrc-ss A. F. E., rocm 207. Crocker bldg.
AUCTION even" Tuesday. 11 a. ir>... cf horses,
wagons and harrx-ss, at 1140 Kolsom Et.
Al EXPRnSi= wagon, light camping wagon
asd go-cart for sale, ch*ap. 532 Mission st.
Largest awiortmt 2d-hand waeons. buckbd. tur-
r*y. ha rv.^t. work. driving hor»i°*. 15th -Valencia.
HOISES TO LET.
„— PRINTED list Cf houses to lot; w>nd for cir-
nlsr. G. IIX~MB£EN & CO.. 20 M->nTpom»Tr.
MCALLISTER. 1J*>— 12 rooms. ba»h ar.d bil-
lia.rd-room: $>-'n, water free; modern.
SEE Rentir-s; D*V*Xtma& M. Friedman _ Co..
Pest et., for nice flats and ht>us«f.
BEFORE movin* Bet our printed list of houses
¦ I-t. BALDWIN & HOWEIX. '-T. Post St.
HOISES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A— 10 ROCMS. bath, basement, heater. laundry,
larre parden. conservatory; scr.ny side Sac-
r__eato St.. near Pierce; will leas?. For per-
mit to insoect apply to SPECK _ CO.. 209
Moctgrcmery et.
LOVELY hotre to let. furnished, fcr eight
months; raatniftcent marine view; a rooms;
billiard-room and every convenience; one
Mock from Hyde-M. car*. Apply MISS
HAMILTON'. i.'.» Washington gt.
LOST AXD FOOD.
ACCIDENTALLY lo« at In^lwide Racetrack
fa February VS. 19C4, a pearl stickpin; mt-
dium sized pearl, gold back setting: pin
crookfd trcm use. A suitable reward will b«
{mid by communicatlns with P. O. box
-US. San Francisco.
LOST— A passbook wit ij the Hibernia Savir.«s
r.r.d Louts Society of San Francisco in the
name cf MARSHALL J. FAIRFIELD, No.
2i3-H&j>. The fiader vlli please return to
bank.
LOST— Pocketbock containing 6 checks and Sit
Frpfr.hack. Liberal reward return to MICH-
ALI1SCHKE BROS. _ CO.. 41O M_rket St.
LO^T — 9th. Lady's told watch; open face;
k»y -aindiat; Sj neward. 612 Hyde st.
L<>?T— White dog, brown ear*; named Danger.
Pleaw return 445 Bugh «t.; reward.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring eafe. «ure and quick relief
troro irre^tilarltiea consult me at once; my
iee_ux_ are always «fcfe. painless and reli-
afcl«: I have ao failures; cure puaraateed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience in all
lemale cisorders; call or write without <5eiay;
ad vie* free; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 70S Market «t.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WTET1I. «i>ec_llst for all female
complaints and _re«__rttiea; Instant relief
maranteed: SO years' experience. SS6 Poet St.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
aale troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
hft guaranteed. IQOi^ Market tt.. opp. 5th.
VALPEACS female piils; b»rt regulating pills
sold: Drtce J2 50 by expr«?t_ Pasteur's
eyrtnire and tablets; price $5. Dy express
only oa r»*»!f»t of price. OSGOOD BROTH -
L*RS. wbol««ale dru^gista. Seventh and
Rrcadway. Oakland.
DR. G. w. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble conruit this tpeciallst on female
eonsplalrts: posiUvely corrected; the unfortu-
fcate belr*d: the most dlfflc_t cases treated-
adx-lce free. Offlec. 101S Market «t.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Ttirlc fir. Van Ntn Expejt
tu cbrtetric*. female complaint*; inst relief-
treatment >10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 years* exper*
MRS. D. ALLKN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
epecialist; a private hcise before and during
ccinf.nement : best medical care: low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
rrlir i nal method cf treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 29S5 Fcisom «t^ corner
2«b: ladles, relief or no fee; SJO.
rm. Tea. tot k_e. sio Powcii st., opposite
f.'rion «a\iare; all disease cured by herbs.
BHSCBLLAXEOrS— FOR SALE.
BOILEllS. ecKtaem. &l-band rr.achinerr. McIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 185-107 Fremont •_
doesIfour "roof leak? ~
Repair it with elatente; in rolls easy to lay:
ceeds no painting cr aaatis;; good over oil
lroc, tin or shlncln; bert for new roof*
ELATEUITH ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st!
2D-HAND machinery, bcilers. engines. /pump*.
f pulley*, ehaftlne. etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rfctrd and •xchacped; »ee Sundar papers.
H. E. V.'HIT_ MCHT. CO.. 130-132 Beale «t.
PAINT year oW tr.d new metal anfl chl&gle
f roofs with Asbestcs Rocf Paint: iruaranted
to *top aH leaks in the cne and preserve th*
new. £06 Front Bt.: teL Main 142S.
A — FTNE raita. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orlgl-
r_I MisSt CIcthinjr Partors. 238 Kearcy at..
near li'JCh; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, cells cr rents gear machinery, en-
Cteeib, boilers, water pipe, shafting, sutlers
etc. WHJT__AW. Epear st
ALTERATION ecle— Best S2 50 hats. Jl'sd"
Popular Plictr Hatter. SJO Kearny st.. near
rtne: opea to Op. _..; Sundays to r.oon. •
?Oa a«le — Piaao. masin .box. orsan. harness
' anc modern house. __ Oracse at.. Oakland. *
I REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
FOR SALE.
BeautUul well-built cottage of 7 rooms,
bath and fine basement; brick foundation;
close to -t lines of cars; see the owner; call
before noon. 223 Third ave., Richmond Dis-
trict.
$1.25 'PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots in the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level, no
grading to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.,' Room 5.
$1830— XEW cottage of 5 r. and b.; 2 blocks
from 29th and Mission sts.. on Proepect ave.:
street work done: line view; will loan 91400
¦ on. this with easy payments.
D. COFFIN fc CO.. 3303 Mission st
$6500— NEW coay Jsomes Just completed; bar-
gainr: beauties; see them; Clayton st.. scuta
o» Frederick; Masonic-ave. cars to the door-
transfer at Halght or Oak st. J. STIERLEN.
cwner. on prTnlses: phone Page SV461.
BUILD on your unimproved realty ; we loan
full coet lmprov. and part lot at C per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
HOUSE on corner lot; handsome home; stable,
etc.; for sale cheap. SCO First ave.
PLUMBING, new cr old: estimates given.
AHLBACH A MAYER. 836 Howard ot.
REAL ESTATE— Coantry — For Sale.
FOR sale — Country homes In every county In
California, at all prices, from $430 CO to
•75.000 00. Immense list to select from. If
.you want land of any kind call on
HOWE & MERRITT.
%• . SS2 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale — 52 acres. Including hay crop now
growing; 3 hours by R. R. from S. F ; caan
or exchange town lot; value J20CO. S. H.
TARR. room 217. Parrott building.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues *?nt free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. 64."»
Market st.
RE.Vt, ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
OAKLAND property to exchange for good
country property. P. C. LASSEN. 4(38 Tenth
st.. Oakland. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'IFNTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ON sunny side of Essex St.. one block from
Ashby station, between Adeline and Shattuck
ave.; house of 6 rocms; price reduced $250
for ten days; by owner onlr. C. R. SHAW.
2S66 Eleventh ave.: tel. Brook 130. Make
appointment by mail or 'telephone.
A. MURDOCH _ CO.. South Berkeley station,
for bargains: we build, buy. sell or exehan«r«*.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FKl'ITVALE REAL ESTATE.
540O WILL buy a 3-room coay hous^ an.l
chicken yard; lot 6Oxl0«>: on comer; 2 blocks
to cars: terms; title perfect. SYNDICATE
INVESTMENT CO.. Fruitval* station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY. %
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE,
EELDENS BARGAINS.
$130O — Reduced fi-om $2300; elegant elevated
residence lot, 75x140. on choice corner in East
Oakland.
$f>00— Fine 40- foot lot on East 14th St., near
2d ave.
$550 will buy a 30-foot lot. nicely located,
near 23d-ave. station.
¦56000 — Very choice home of 9 rooms with
fine stable on Oak st.. near Madison Square
Park.
$2750 — Splendid-, income Investment and spec-
ulation; flats near new Santa Fe depot on
San Pablo ave.. where everything is booming:
50-foot lot: rents ?27 and can be increased:
•absent owner orders this sacrifice for Imme-
diate sale. BELDEN, Real Estate. 1112
Broadway. Oakland.
2137 AND 2130 Chestnut st- Oakland: take
Key Route and get off at San Pabto-ave.
station: new »>-room house*; open porcelain
nickel plumbing: combination gas fixtures :
larre lots: sunny: key next door; on* so!J
to J. C. Davidson, manufacturing Jeweler
and dlamcnd Imrorter. 124 Kearny st. ; ask
him about them; a bond s»nd ruarant«»» on
title and construction given: prices low:
terms easy: they are beauties and dirt cheap
and must be seen to be appreciated.
Also steo around the corner to 1114 32d
- st. and examine that Swiss chateau; new
style of finish and architecture; key next
door: owner's name on premises.
51000 CASH. ?15 monthly— Cottage of 6 rooms,
bath, etc.: good barn and stable, chicken-
house, large chicken ranget flowers and im-
mense trees. In fine section, one block from
cars: city water, sewer, gas: away from
foes and cold winds: sandy loam soil; a
lovely spot; adjoining East Oakland; size
100x200: all fenced; this Is a take-In at once;
property price In all $2fiOO. Call or send for
circular. 455 7th st.. opp. Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland: carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Land Owner.
A SPECIAL bargain — A fine 7-room cottage,
large lot: all street work done; gocd location -
easy terms; price $2750. P. C. LASSEN. 4fiG
Tenth st.. Oakland.
$250 DOWN: new home; clcse to center of
town and handy to new Key Route ferry: 5
end 6 rooms. GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1C02
Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FlRMTtnE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas.llthst..cnr.Rtore.Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOI SElvE_PI\O.
BIRCH ave.. 615 — 3 good rooms for housekeep-
ing; $8. Apply 642 Grove st.
ELLIS, C£5— 2 sunny rooms, nicely furnished;
gas range, running water; $25.
FOURTH. 491— Front and back parlor 'for
housekeeping-; also double and single rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 439 — Three bousekeep-
ing rooms. "
HYDE, 32S — Nicely furnished front parlor
fulte; also 3 sunny basement rooms; phone
Hyde 03O.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
•' Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths:. rate $3O up.
MCALLISTER, CSS — Sunny front suites. $16.
$14, $7; gas range, hot bath, laundry; adults.
SIXTH, 310 — 1 or 2 large sunny rooms . and
kitchen; complete for housekeeping".
THIRD. 3CS — Twc grand ccnnectlng bay-win-
dow parlors: $14 only; gas and bath.
TURK. S34 — Two large sunny well-furnUhed
rooms complete for housekeeping. $18. -
'¦¦¦¦¦¦.. .^V^Tffg??. gpras 3 -
A ET. .HILAIRE APARTMENTS-
{ r — LACUNA ST.. NBAR GEART.
Will be ready for occupation In a few
days. Everything new. Make your
reservation* now. Elesantly furnished
apartments with private bath — 2, 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat;electrl: Ilght;ele-
vator; private phones: rates reasonable.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS ~~
Will be finished Mareb 15.
1CS4 SUTTEIl ST.. NE. COR. LARKIX ST.
; Beautifully light and sunny: 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $30 to $15.
Make reservations now.
A NUMBER of very desirable *anny apart-
ments; 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
etevator. etc.; unfurnished or furnished to
order: new house. Ttie St. Charles. 1560
Sacramento *t~ near Larkin.
THE LUNGER. 445 Octavla. cor. Hayes— Just
I completed; sunny; modern 3-nn. apartments;
elegantly furnished: electric lights: private
batb«- $40 up; refs.: also doctor's offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van~Ness— The
t acme of perfection in elegantly furn. 3- room
apartments; private bath a steam -heat, ei«c—
eric lights, elevator, gas ranges; $3O to $55.
6T. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modem 3-4-3
rporcs; also Fingls; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phone East 1350.
IROQUOI3 Apartments. 310 Ellis-, nr. Learen-
warth: it. 3 «nd 4 rm>.: open for trmpxrttow.
ROOMS TO LGT-Fnra. ud I'nfarn.
AURORA, corner Second and FolsonTsts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modem and sunny; prices from flSO per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity: first -class grill attached.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st. — Roo_*
25c to $1 per nlgbt. $1 25 to $9 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; opea all night.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. _n«I t'nfiirn,
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. lor Xo. I
Fifth «tO — Rocms., 23c. SOc. «1. it 5O nigAt;
$1 50 to IIP week; house open all night.
ALL newly furnished, beautiful rocm» a! th»
Y«averly rooming nouaa. 841 OTarrell st.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 2C4 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sonny rooqi; prices reasonable.
CUMMIXGS «The). «13 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
cpened: desirably located; sunny, sir"*'.* roota*
and suit's, with crlttate batha. hct and cell
water, steam heat, electric lights. p«ion# «rery
room; elevator. Pbone Ea»t 131T If desired.
EDDY. 8S-1 — 2 large connecting sur.ny rooms;
J furnished; suitable for students and clubs.
J FERN HALL. 812 Bush— Elegantly fura. rm«.;
all sunny; terms reasonable; referenc**
FOR single gentleman. In private horn* <eo>
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624. Call office.
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. Golden Gate ave.— Sunny
furn. front room; all conveniences; $3-Sl_
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33a
ta 1123 night; $1 50 to JS wSs.; reading-room.
GRANT AVE., 7— Nicely furnished front roonC
S2 30 week: 1 front suite, suitable for four.
JESSIE. :i63. east U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms. «5. |G and $7.
O'FARRELL. 151ft— Larfts nicely fur. sunnr
front bay-window room; ccnnectlng kitchen.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-rcom. smoking-room and ladies? par-
lor; rocms par night. S3c to $1 50; week. $3
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; batha.
SACRAMENTO, lffll — A sunny back room ta
private family for gentleman.
SCOTT. 122 — Larg« front room, with boartl;
use of gas and bath; for two gentlemen.
SUTTER. 409— A bay-window unfurnished
sunny suite fcr gentlemen: rent S23.
THE AVOCA. SU7A Mission — Pura. rooms by
the day, week cr month: prtcea reasonable.
THIRD. 41— Large, light furnished rooms;
central location.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 4^O
rooms, 33c to $1 night. *t 75 to t« week: elec-
tric lights <no gas>. running water in every
room; elevator. read. -r.>om; free bus; baggas*.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Elegant front parlors
and adjoining aulte for office or club.
VAN WINKLE. 207 Jon.-s— Nicely furnished
rooms, yj; tunny suites. $5 per week; baths.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d at., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable- 700 rcoms;
35c to $1 5O night: *2 to $» week: elevator;
. clec. lights: reading-room; fr«^ bus: baggage.
WOLF H-use. 2C2^Uth— Electric lisht In every
room; 13c to $1 a night: 75c to *."» a w«k;
open all night; convenient to all cars.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th« reception
of advertisements and subscription* ha» been
opeoed at IOCS Market St.. opposita Fifth.
Open until 11 p. in.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* r*c«tve«t at
Call branch offl<-<». rcr. Duncan & Churc-h its.
ROOMS A.VD BOARD.
731 Bush St.. afcov- Powell; select first-
class residential hotel; elezantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric light: steam
heated and orivate exchanr- telephones la
every mom; terms reasonable. B. DU
CARPE.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1013 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEABT ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70fl.
EARLCOURT
1«H1 PINK ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALT.
HOTEL: JUST OPENING: EVERTTHINO
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCB.
— — — — — — — — — — — — ____________
HOTEL HATTHX.
077 Pine st.. near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites, private baths; all modern conveniences;
American or European plan.
HOWARD. S41A— First-cjass bcar«l with room,
single or double, $+ E«v*5 wek: American
family; horre cooking; horn* comforts; piano.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41S Sutt-r— Sunny room*:
exceKent table; from 940; single $23.
VAN NES3 ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, witn bat.is: also stngie; hoznettke.
A FtRANCH ttttle- of Tii- rail for th« nveptton
of advertlsem'nts ami stibi^rlptlons has been
pp*n»>d at V>f* Markft «t., ooposite Fifth.
Opfn until 11 p. m. » -- *¦¦ ...
ROO31S WASTED.
WANTED — Sunny nnfurnishefl rof^m without
bcartl: good neighborhood; jcnileman: rea-
sonable r»»nt: ref»r«nce3 exchanged. A<Mr»«a
R. T. P.. 7.'C Baker M.
SEWIXG MACHINES A.VD Sl'PP_IE*«.
2W> NEW White s»winc machines for rent al
?2 oer month. Why not rent the best?
White Sewing Machine Co., 30O Post st. and
1S4I Fillmore «.
3O NEW White sewlns machines. »liuhtly sh-)»
worn, at half price or less at Post st
and J»ll Fillmore st.
DOMESTIC — The machine" for family use;
best Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rat-*.
Domestic ofnee. 1C21 Mark»t. near SLxth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chtaea: slightly used; *10. $15. *2O; second-
hand. *.".. Si. $$; all styles: guar»n»e«!. New
Home Sgwirsr Vio^ina Cn. m inr.t Market *t.
PRO POS AL3. ™
UN1VKKSITV o£ Caluornia. tierjcviey — .Notie*
to Contractcrs. Builders acd Material llea
Notice la hi-reay given that seated bids ar«
follclred for cer'ormins the labor and lur-
cisbleg the materials for grading, leveling
and terracing certain- pcrtions of tbe grounds
of tb« Affiliated Colleges c! the University
cf CaU'ornla. fronting on Parnasaua
avenue. San FrancUcu. Cai.. and said
bida will Ke received at the otfic* oJ
the Resents. South Hail. Berkeley. *t
or b»for« 12 o'clcclc m. of March is. 13o_
Flans and specifications for said grading
have been adopted and may b« examined
dally at the office of N. BLAISDELL, room
19 222 Sansom* St.. San Francisco. fron»
0 a. m. until 4 p. in.
Bids must ba in th« form contained In th«
speclOcatiocs. No bids- will b* considered
uclrss accompanied by a certified check or
bond of bidder, in favor of the Re-
gents of the University of California, equal
to ten (10) per cent of his bid, with suf.icl'nt
sureties, conditioned that If said bid be ac-
cepted the bidder will duly enter Into a.
proper contract and bend to perform the duty
and obligations In accordance witt» said bid
and with the plans and speeifleaUoos. whlcii
are hereby required to be a part at sactt
contract. The right to reject any and all bids
is hereby reserved.
By ordeT of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings Of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON.
•-":-"»•;• Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for hay and oat» — Office D<»pot
Quartermaster. San Franch*co>. Cal.. 38 New
Montgomery -St.. March 15. 1DO4. Scaled pro-
posals, in trlslicate. rubject to a«uat condi-
ttoi_. will be received here until 12 o'clock
noon, April 13, 1904. and then opened, for
furnishing and delivering at San Francisco.
CaL; Seattle or Taeoma. Wash., or Portland.
Or. twenty-three hundred and eighty- two
(SS.^) tons of bay. and twenty-_v« hundred,
and forty-atx (234«> tons of oats, subject to
an increase or decrease of 25 per cent.. United
States reserves ri_ht tn aeceot or reject any
or aU bids, or any part thereof. Further In- -
formation and blank proposals furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
to b<* marked "Proposals for Hay ami Oats.
No. 21«5" and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL. Q. M.. U. S. Army. Depot Quarter-
master.
PROPOSALS for plumbinc sucplles — Depot
Quartermaster's Office. No. 3*1 Sew Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco. Cal., March 15,
1304. Sealed propctala. In triplicate, subject
to usuai conditions, will b» received her»
until 12 o'clock m.. Thursday, March 31, IDO*.
Pacific Standard time, and then crened. for
furnishing pipe and fittings for Fort Mc-
Kialey. P- '- Th« United States reserves the
rtght to accept or reject any or all bids, or
any part thereof. Information and blank
proposals will be furnished on application.
Knvelopes containing proposals to be marked
"Prr.posal No. 2027" and addressed to
MAJOR C A. DEVOL. Q. M.. U. S. Army.
Depot Quartermaster.
SAN . FRANCISCO. Cal.. March 14. 1904 —
' Sealed proposals In triplicate will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. April 14.
1304. and then cpeced. for construction of
frame subsistence storehouse at tbe Infantry
Cantonment. Presidio of San Francisco. CaL
Government reserves the right to reject or
accept any or all bids tn whole or in part.
Information furnished on application to.WM.
S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Cbtef Q. M.
LEGAL AD\*ERT1S__11_«TS.
BIDS, are Invited to supply material fo» and
construct a two-story brick warehouse at
North Beach. Flans and specifications on
file at the Builders' Exchange and at thU
office. Ill Front st.. this eity. CENTRAL.
CALIFORNIA CANNERIES.
j M'<CKI.I.A\KIIH l-*«Ut !>.*I.K • ..r,
I TRY cur men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-fore: fhf-cs at $2 20; w« pajr express
charges. 11 3d et.. Kxam. bid. ; catalog free.
3**c KOLL and up; fine wall paper; saap'es
n-a'.Vd; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAX. 12C2 Web.'ter. Tel. Jackson 1321. „•
FOR talt — Plumber's tool?, grinding- stone and
chairs. 95^ Howard Bt.
BAU fixtures cf the Rockingham. Powell and
O'FarrfcU sts.. for sale.
BAP.GAIXS in fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. S03 Hayward Udg.
Encyc'upedia Britannica; Scribner edition; half
morocco. King's Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister.
*» AJ?< 3LI>;E engines bought, sold, exchanged,
retired. Sykes-Corson Co^ 254 Beale St..
SAFES and cash registers, new and eecond-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
DESKS lx,ught. iold ana exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 7$2 MxsFion; tel. Bush 4C7.
SOME good Fecond-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 fa. p.. cheep. E. B. Beck Sc Co.. 122 Mtrt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicago^s. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 0S3 Market.
DESKS and e=fes: nee the complete line at 1S16
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— Xtw and secon-i-hp.nd. THE HER-
" ' VN SAFE CO.. S07 Battery St.
UOVZKO pictures, magic lanterns, sole, rental:
bargains. Builard' A- Brecic. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New «rd E. B. BECK
& Co.. 122 Market Et. v •
GASOLINE engine*, automobiles end launches;
all tires. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
j ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
j maV«s. ALKXACTEn Jtr CO.' 110 Mnntg'y.
_3USCKLLAXEOLS
WA NTED— Ught~EteeTTr iron~ransr^ighT7T
twelve i-ound. in good conlltloa. EDWARD
A. ELLSWORTH. Ni!?s. Cal.
SHOES wanted: misfit & canoff: hishust prcs.;
new &l 2J hand shoe* for sale. 7i3 Mission.
BOOKS and libraries bought. IlTc. HOLMES.
1149 Market st. ; phone Jessie 07-11. or postal.
I PAY highest prices fcr all kinds cf cast-off
cicti.ing; tend postal. MORRIS. 013 Folsom.
TILTOX tvar.ts good 5econd-hand clothing and
i theatri»^i good.. 15t f>th st.: tel. Jes«ie 2S31.
TO LOAX.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY?"
£01- 002-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
etrts, assignments of rents, property in trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates arid undivided in-
terests in property purchased
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
gee HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL (1,000,000.
REAL ESTATE LOAN'S.
INTEREST C PER CENT.
FIRST, SECOND AND -THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN BE AL ESTATE
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-8-9-10- 11. CROCKER BUILDING. S. F.
________
• A reasonable amount on
• . 1st, 2d cr Sd
Mortgage, en real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Lew rate of interest.
Give full particulars.
c! property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Be- 408. Call office.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bcardics-houses. without
security; easy payments; large business in
46 principal cities. Tolroan, 553 Parrott bl.g.
ANY amount quickly on furniture cr piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Cn?dit Co.. CS Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private plac<» to obtain
lil>eral advances en diamonds, jowe'ry. at 2
per cenf interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store, •
9t>»5 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture cr pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; ?25 up; quick
quiet. conflUential. 2ti Montgomery *t.. rm. 7.
MONEY to lean c_ low interest; gold; silver,
diamond*, pearls and pTecious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHALS. 10 Sixth Bt.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NE^V easy method — To wage earner* on un!n-
dcrFed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rocms 43-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried peop'.e without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy :noeomrrlssloa; Installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. MS Kearny.
3% ON furniture ft: pianos; ?15 up; no r^.noval;
eo cctn. V. TREMAIN. roofti SI, 0 Eddy st.
1 PFR cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Earless Bank building. 7CS Market st
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loana money to
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes without
tr^o-gr. ifAR^LL rm Kianln»r hnPdlng.
aiOXE Y WANTED.
f2S00 WANTED cne year; good security. Box
4C3Q. Call office.
mtsical. instruments.
-^Sga^nT^T^ec^nI^haIJd^IpIanoX^s'
FOLLOWS:
Two Strtnway, one Chickering, one Eterlin*,
one Haines Bros., two Steck. cne Steinway
grand and cne Steck grand; also many other
pianos from $75 up and square pianos from tlO
up, all fully guaranteed.
BEXJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 OTarn»ll st.
A CLEARANCE eale of upright pianos from
$50 up; greatest bargains ever offered In San
Francisco; all makes. We rent upright
planes for $2 per month; new at $S per
month; all money paid applies on purchase
Heine Piano Co., 230-237 Geary et- Oakland
addr_a 1223 Broadway.
THE pianos of the late OTTO BENDIX, ccn-
sifting of Knabe grands and Kohler & Chase
uprights, all purchased last June, are of-
fered for sale at a large sacrifice. Apply at
once to MRS. OTTO BENDIX. California
Conservatory. l."529 Sutter St., cor. Frar.klin.
¦ ONLY uiano bouse In the city that .will rent
you a new piano for $3 p°r month and allow
*; months' rent e_ d carta«i> off purchase
price; sole acents for McPhail. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. .660 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD-3 storage. 1C3G Market st.
SMALL pianos for rmall apartments; great
tone; rent or sale. Byron Mauzy. 30S Post st.
NEW upright planoe sold on S3 monthly pay
_jne«U. BCHMITZ _ CO.. 16 McAllister st.
8-PEDA L <«»einway up. ;Chlckering baby grand;
Ehonts^er. little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 OFarrell.
IF you want bargains come now; planes al-
most given away. Homung. 216 McAllister.
A FISCHER unright piano for tale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary «t-
BOIIMER. Byron Maury pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. -Ty-312 Post fet.
PERSOXALS.
A fresh, .smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Dcn't forget the name. M. ELLA HARRIS. ,
Tfce number. 781 OFarrell St.. near Lagkln.
Call or write lor book, free.
*"Hint» on Beauty." - ¦ ¦
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
contract* with leading hocse* to take all
their fhert ends, called remnants. We maks
J-on a flee suit on Installments cheaper thaa
ethers do fcr rtsh. LEON LEMOS, merchant
t»l!or. 11*7 Market «t.. bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy: vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mr8. Morris. 118 Taylor.
HIE Star Hair Remedy restores gray balr. Im-
proves its growth.stops fallins.curea dandruff
and ltchlnc ~- scalp: no ctain or stickiness;
cleaners scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitue. Star Remedy Co., 1333 Polk.
A — Microtlne, a positive cure for catarrh, cold
la the head, hay fever., headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free -sample
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 »th!
WANTED — Present address cf . M. O. LANE.
He can hear roinethins of Interest by com-
municating with W. C. .PETCHNER, ai3
Tajo building, Los Angeles, Cal.
THE inJalllble system; tb* only copyrighted
Euctessf ul meihr d of keeping ahead of the
races: good forever; price $1. Sold only by
PITTS. 100S Market st.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.."
bl2 Shotwell; consultation free: call or writ-.
STOltAGl^. ASP WAREHOUSES. -
X— nMPO^lJMTitoragwifc Van CoT^uralture^
houKhold goods stored, moved, shipped, "ifr
731 Howard at. ur. Third; phone Grant 161.
PISRCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sbs. : tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S- Storage— Furniture and merchan-
. dlse. .'PKJ Golden Gate ave. : Phone Kast 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. &40
Mls!«i^n st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Mc-ne Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phcr.e Jackson 271.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st. : tel. Main 1S40. - Shipping at cut rate*.
-.' ;/- SPECIALISTS..
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; I week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlnpham. 204' Sutter st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
AMERICAN Can Company — A dividend of 2H
* per oent has this day been declared upon the
preferred stock of this company, • payable on
Aprti 1, 1904. to stockholders of record at the
close of business March 21/ 1!XH. The trans-
. fer books will be closed as to the preferred
stock from March to March 31. both day*
Inclusive. Checks will be mailed. v
,'¦* ¦-¦¦-.-.¦ :. R.. H. ISMON, Secretary.
March 10. 1904. •¦¦ ¦.,-. ¦ '~ -.. -:'-\:
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
leg Society. 3th floor, Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market St., opposite Third— '
For the half year ending 31st of December.
1903. - a . dividend has been declared • at ¦ the
rate. per .annum of .(12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and - participating certificates.
- free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2, 19O4. JOSEPH A. LEON-'
* ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
PALM?iT«Y. ¦ f
MADAM DEVAS, .
PALMIST >ND ASTROLOG1ST. LIEBE3
BUILDING, 139 POST ST.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 313
.Taylor St.. netr: Geary. Phone Black 361.
PAPKRHAXGINC, PAI.VTIXG, ETC.
ROOMS pajxredA ** up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel.Maln 413.
PHVSICIAXS AXD SUn«EOXS.
DrT C.~C? r <?r>ONNELL— Of flee and residence.
1021 V: Market. St.. bet. Cth and 7th; partlcu-
- lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, ekin and rectal diseases. a specialty.
DR. BALL/ 1073% Market st.
REMOVED-^-DR. WONO HIM; herd doctor,
treats all diseases of the human -body; for
past four years at 113-117 Mason; now lo*
cated at C67 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR TONG PO CHT. successor, to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of humaa
by use of herbs and teas. 72" Washington st.
DR. M. -MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE corner Geary and Taylor att.
WO.N'C WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dl»-
«•»«(>* cured by. Chinese h»rb». 746-S Clay st.:
TYPE WRITERS AXET^UPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
£mlth Premier, f'/5; '. other typewriters at
. higher and lower prices; rentals $2 5a . The
' ; Typewriting Exchange. 536 California si
A. FEW gocd typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L.& 51. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
. "gomery st. . ..-.¦-. . • .'
2D-HAXD ' typewriters -'sold. . rented, repaired.
; Webster .Typewriter Insoec. Co.. 1 50S Market.
PERSONALS Continued.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
tkin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Gea. Matthews. TOO Firth St., Oakland.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples. wrinkles.
•11 blemishes removed; shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun. ;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancint. 1538 Market, nr. Larkin.
Superfluous hair and moles removed by etectric
needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers. 1170 Market.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
XEUHAL'S A CO. (Inc.). tailors. .721) Market.
LIQUOR habit cured in two day* or no charge
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. S07 Market stl
Actlna restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3521 19th, nr. Valencia.
MRS Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3C3 sut-
. ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary., room 3.S.
MASQUERADE costumes, play -books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO... 7*33 Mkt.
TAILOB-MADE sutt $7 80; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont..
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian H«nna restores : gray
hair to. Its natural color, $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the - reception
I cf advertisements and subscription* has been
opened at IOCS Market et., opposite Fifth.
Gun until 11 n m, -,- • - »¦•-••
FREE to Want Advertisers in NEXT SUNDAYS CALL
The Gem Nail Clipper
KEEPS THE NAILS IN SPLENDID TRIM.
| . The "Care of the Nails'* is a subject in which every one should be interested, for it is rightly
j taken as an open index of good breeding and character. Laxity in the care of the nails Indicates
| | slovenliness. Perfect grooming of the nails is ofte:i an important element in a favorable decision
| when applying for a business position.
I A simple manicuring should be given the nails at least once a week. The cuticle should be
pushed back with a flat pointed (oar-shaped) orange stick. Soak the nails in a bowl of warm,
soapy water for five minutes. Then cut the nails the proper shape, being careful to remove all hang-
nails. File carefully and rub in some cold cream or vaseline; this will prevent brittleness. Re-
move it with a cloth and apply some manicure powder; rub briskly with a chamois polisher,
too high a polish is considered bad form.
The almond shaping is preferred; oval at the delicate finger-tips and short at the sides.
This cutting and shaping of the nails can be perfectly done with The Gem Nail Clipper, a complete
manicure set. For sale everywhere at 25c.
% —INSTRUCTIONS HOW TO USE- — —
8 TF1VF NATT fTTPPFR I
To use the Clipper press down firmly on the lever and release the lock by turning the
star. In using the Clipper always keep the lower jaw against the end of the finger, and, by sim-
ply changing the angle of presentation, cut the nail short or trim as desired.
"The Gem" Nail flitwr
TRIMS THE NAILS ANY DESIRED LENGTH AND SIZE
/ Perfect for Removing Hangnails.
ft •
The Gem Nail Clipper is made from a high grade of tool steel, neatly finished, in nickel;
is less than two inches in length, and has no sharp corners to wear the pocket. The jaws are |
hardened and ground accurately. With proper care one will last several years.
After practical sand thorough tests, made by disinterested parties, it ha's been demonstrated
that "The Gem" is the best Clipper upon the market. |
PfiTNTS FOR ATTFNTTftN
We Invite Your Careful Attention to the Following Facts Relative to "The Gem'* Nail dipper:
FIRST — It is made from a high grade of tool steel and its jaws are hardened, tempered
and ground. With ordinary care one will last for years. . ,. t ,. .., ~ ..- - -
. SECpND — Having two cutting jaws, actuated by a powerful leverage similar to the or-"*
dinary cutting plyer, it makes a good clean cut and does not tear or pull.
THIRD— The jaws are so constructed that one may trim the nail-to any desired length or
'shape.- *¦ — ' .,.;¦-" :¦¦ I"' "' '"'. "" , ** '"' '*?'' ..;-"'.. :."¦ ° j
FOURTH— It is a perfect tool for removing hangnails. ¦ * -.
FIFTH— It cuts, cleans and. files. .,
SIXTH — It is just the thing for both fingers and toes. . . .
SEVENTH — It is about two inches in length, and when closed has no sharo corners to -wear
the pockets. . •
EIGHTH— It is a practical manicure. ' > \
This offer remains open Thursday, Friday and until \\ p.m. Saturday evening,
after •which hour it will be absolutely imposrible to sscure one of these useful Nail Clips.
• I ONE OF THESE GIFTS CAN BE SECURED BY PLACING A WANT I
AD IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL, AND IN NO OTHER WAY CAN
. I ONE BE OBTAINED. '
—TELL YOUR WANTS —
s. IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL 4
And -you will be speaking direct to OVER 85,000 REGULAR
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising: medium.
"It is safe to fissure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to
255.000 PERSONS, most of whom are home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable class of our
community to consider m locating your wants and advertising your wares.
Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Sun-
day's CalL *
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third struts;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth: open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street. Corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. " ¦-
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
„ . 639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m. \ - .
: 615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. m . *
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p.m.
'-,;.; 106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. ' —;;
/ Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 n. ml
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKJLAND OFFICE'
1118 Broadway ;..... '. ......Telephone Main 1083
114S Center Street..... ¦ '...^......Telephone North 77
Schneider's Bookstore.....'!. -. .Park Street *Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. '¦•
: Wednesday.' Ma rch 10.
Stmr Francis H Lcccett. Reiner.- 36 ; houra
: ThevTlme Ball, on Jbe 1 tower, of ', the Ferry
building was dropped at noon to-day —
1 e.; at noon : of . the 120th < meridian, or . at 8
p'. m., Greenwich time. J. C. = BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., ' in charge. '-
Branch , Hydrographic Office. U. S... X.. Mer
.'chants' Exchange, San Francisco, -Cal..
,' March, 16, 1004. . ,
Time Ball.
THURSDAY. MARCH 17. i
Sun rises .6:18
Run sets .;... .; . 6 - 19
Moon sets ;. ... 6 : 52 p. m.
O Timel Timel ITIme Time ~~
b 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft.
? L. W| H W| |L, W H W .
17 5:2C 1.6111:46 4.9 '5:42 1.2I.....I.....
H W |L W H W L TV
IS 0:14 5.01 6:02 1.4 12:24 4.7 6:12 1.3
19 0:36 . R.O H:42 1.1 1:05 4.7 6:44 1.6
20 1:01 5.017:22 O.9 1:52 4.5 7:22 2.0
21' 1:34 v 5.1|'8:07 0.T 2:47 4.3 '8:04 2.1
"2 2:12 B.2| 0:02 0.6 3:50 : 4.0 8:53 S.2.T
23: 3:02 .5.2110:05 0.5f P:02| 3.9 9:58 j.u
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides,
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day In the order or occurrence as to time; th«
fourth time column gives "the last tide of. the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes . occurs. The helghtB given are in
addition to the soundlnsra of the -United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is • subtracted from the depth > given by
the charts; The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Convict Davis to Be Returned.
Attorney General Knot telegraphed
to United States Marshal Shine yes
terday that the authorities of the Ohio
penitentiary would send some one to
San Francisco with the original com
mitment to identify Joseph Davis,
alias J. M. Dunn, alias Howard, Mc-
Clure, alias Charles Howard, and re
turn him to that institution. The At
torney General has notified the War
den of the Ohio penitentiary. Davis
escaped from the Ohio penitentiary
while serving: a term of five years' Im
prisonment for burglarizing a post
offlce. He had completed a five years'
term in the San Quentin penitentiary
for burglary when United States Mar
shal Shine arrested him last Monday.
• "'Mr. Spear, did you ever request any
member, of the board to vote for
Rooney, irrespective of the amount bid
for the. privilege?"
"No." the Commissioner answered.
"The award to Rooney, was on the
highest bid before the board."
would use his influence with the board
to have the rent remain at the trtd
figure of $430.
Then x Spear came back for a bit of
testimony in his own behalf. He de
nied that he had told Mastick. on Janu
ary 13, that no more bids would be re
ceived. Mastick. however, had testi
fied that this statement was made, not
by Spear, but by Commissioner Mac
kenzie. Then the following question
was asked by W. H. Davis, attorney for
the board:
The British steamer Alcoa' was cleared yes
terday for Manila and Hongkong with an as
sorted cargo, valued at $253,411, to be- dis
tributed as follows: For Manila, .S76.702;
Hongkong.. ?171.413; Japan,' $4246: Java,
51000. The leading shipments, were as fol
lows :
To Manila— G0.80O bales hay, 1000 bbls flour, 1
1550 crts ootatoes, 7 bbls spirits, 5o7 gals
wine, 2CU cs assorted canned goods. 25 cs
spices. 14 pkgs groceries and provisions, ;50
pkss table preparations, 348 lbs . meals, 17.J
pkgs hardware, 12 pkgs scales, 22 rolls paper.
10 cs Bolder. 30 cs Babbitt metal. ' 400 pes 8 cs
pipe, 25 cs boots and shoes. 2 bales dry goods,
1 flask quicksilver, 37 pkgs machinery, 8 cs
rubber goods, 12 pkgs agricultural implements,
14 bales hose, 31 cs benzine..
To Hongkons— 22.548 bbls flour, , 450 cs
cenned salmon. I48.08O lbs shrimp shells,', 1750
flanks, quicksilver. • .
To Japan — 3*59,430 lbs tanbark.'
To Java— 350 cs canned fruit. -
Exports for, the Orient.
The shin W. F. Babcock proceeds to Puget
Sound to load lumber and spars for Boston.
Chartered prior to arrival.
The ship Aryan Is chartered for sugar from
Honolulu to New York.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The rate of Insurance on the Belgian steamer
Clematis was advanced yesterday to 20 per
cent. Bhe la out 41 days from Antwerp for
Fernandlna, The Zwljger Is quoted ;at 00 per
cent and the Englehorn at 10 per cent.
The Overdue List.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
oC tide is the same at both places.
United .States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. - -
Sun, Moon and Tide.'
At the regular meeting of the Point
Lobes Improvement Club, held at
Richmond Hall last evening, the follow
ing resolutions were adopted: "That
committees be appointed to visit the
different departments of the city for
the following improvements for the
Richmond district: A new flre engine,
hook and ladder, chemical and hose
cart; electric cars be run instead of
steam on 'California street, west of
Central avenue; twenty-six electric
lights to be installed in the district;
street improvements, and the pro
posed $3 telephone rates reduced to
the recent $1 BO."
Improvement Club Meets.
The Pacific Mail Company's big freighter Al
£6a, Captain Lockett, cleared yesterday for
Hongkong and Manila. She Is loaded to her
full capacity and will carry more than 10,000
tons dead weight. Included In her cargo is a
large shipment of hay for the use of the army
In the Philippines.
Carries Hay to Manila.
200 Caledonia . . .1 20] 1200 Potosi 26
100 Chollar 22| COO Savage .... »0
100 Hale & Norc. »1 1 HX» Sierra Nev .. 67
140O Hair & Norc. H0| 200 IJnlon Con .. 84
100 Mexican . 2 O0J 100 Union Con .. 85
100 Mexican ...2 02'ij
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
clsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
BOO Evelyn :J4|i<i«o Ton Belmont.. <U
Wk» MacNamara . 20i 100 Ton of Nev 6 62'i
• r >00 MacNomara . 1S.I240O Ton Midway . :i!»
•VK) Ton mimont. tc»| 1000 Ton Midway.. 38
500 Ten Bolmont. C5|
Afternoon Session.
200 Evelyn 3I| «00 Ton Belmont.. CO
4<i<> MaeNamara . 19;i:;00 Ton Belmont ,V«
700 Mont Ton ..125] 100 Ton Midway.. ;!9
5(X) Paymaster ... lljl2(J0Ton Midway. 3«
WtO Ton Belmont. 6:i|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, March 16—4 p m
Bid. Ask. I Bld.A«k
Alpha 07 OS| Justice o« 07
Alta 07 »«|Kentuck 02 04
Andes 48 WJKeyes Graes.. 35 —
Helcher 24 2&|Lady Wash... <VJ
Beet & Belch.2 2o 2 V.0\ Mexican 2 00 " 05
Bullion 11 12 Occidental ... 88 00
Caledonia ...1 15 1 25 )phlr 5 00 5 12W
Challenge Con 34 3<i Overman . . 25 ~i%
Chollar 21 22 Potosi .' 2(1 "«
Confidence ...1 03 1 10 Savage ss 00
: Con C & Va.l X5 1 90; Scorpion ... 07 08
I Con Imperial. O2 O-JSeg Belcher .. 10 i-»
<"on NY «I3 04! Sierra Nev .. «r i-Z
<"rown Point. 22 24 Silver Hill .. £5 Y2
East Sierra N 05 — |st Louis ]0 IT
F-urcka Con.. — 50! Syndicate .... 04 0'-.
Exchequer .. 16 171 Union Con ..85 t?
Could & Cur. 48 49| Utah 10 •»}
ju a i!a & .. N .°. rc : 0? c\\ YeUow Jacl " i 36 »»
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. B!d . u
Colehan — IS Ray Ton ... -_ ft
Esperanza ... — 01 Ray & OBrien — 10
Gipsy Queen. — ."0 Rescue .... 07 no
Gold Anchor. — 25 Ton Belmont.. 59 ,£,
Gold M Con. 04 -Ton & Cal..! _ ™l
Hannapah . — If, Ton Exten ..00 7
Hannapah M. — 25 Ton Fraction. 10 45
MacNamara . 18 lftlTon & G W 0» •
Mizpah Ex .. 10 — 'Ton of Nev.5 STiT 6 BO
Mont Ton..l 2.' 1 27%ITon N Star — »?
NY Ton.... — 021 Ton Mldwav! S 8 $»
Paymastor ... - 11 Ton Superior. — jt
Pine Grove.. — 10 United Ton .. 14 J«
Ray Extcn .. — 13| 10
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The North German Lloyd training ship Her
zogin Cecille sailed yesterday with a general
cargo for London. Since her arrival here Jan
uary 11 thousands ofc people have visited the
big ship and her half a hundred smart looking
cadets have been extensively entertained by the
local German colony. During their Btay In
port the cadets have visited many points of
Interest and have taken ¦ away with them a
good opinion of California.
The British bark Iredale. .Captain Pearce,
whose sailing was delayed on account of the
poor crew supplied, got away yesterday after
noon for the United Kingdom. The Iredale
bhlpped ten men aB seamen a few days ago
and was ready for sea when Captain Pearce
discovered that most of, the new crew were
green hands and utterly useless. He changed
three of the greenest for three sallormen and
hopes to have the remainder of his awkward
squad licked Into shape by the time the vessel
strikes bad weather.
+
Hcrzogin Cccilie Sails.
The negro replied in resentful vein. Gustave
threatened to punch his head. The negro as
sumed the atitudo of a pugilist, but before he
landed Thebes' fist had struck home > and the
negro was down and out. At this eta'ge of the
game a policeman arrested Thebes and he was
behind the bars until yesterday morning.
Meanwhile his wife was waiting on the So
noma. As the hours passed, her anxiety in
creased. Hubby had the baggage checks and
the pocket-book hnd apparently hail deserted
her. Captain Howard, when he learned the
•woman's plight, stnt her to a hotel, where she
continued worrying over her husband's absence
until yesterday, when Gustave secured his lib
erty and rejoined his wife.
•
Iredale Gets Away at Last.
Gustave Thebes and his wife. Helene, were
passengers from Honolulu on the liner Sonoma,
which arrived here early Tuesday morning. As
soon as the gang plank was secured Gustave
hastened ashore, telling his wife he had busi
ness to attend to up town and would return In
the course of half an hour.. When a few
blocks away from the wharf a passing negro
rubbed shoulders with Thebee.
"Look out where you're going, nigger!", said
Gustave.
Arrest Caused Absence:
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Feb 27— Fr stmr
Admiral Hamelln. from Haiphong.
IPSWICH— Arrived March 11— Fr bark Emt
lle ¦ Galllne, : from Oregon. v "
RIODE : JANEIRO— Sailed Fcb • 20— Stmr
Breakwater, for Sain Francisco.
• EAST LONDON— Arrived , March »— Bark
Reaper, from Puset Round.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LI VERPOOL-^Arrlved March 16 — Stmr Ba
varian, from St.. John. 1 N B. :
Sailed March i« — etmr Majestic, for New
York. ' . .-..¦• ¦. -. . ,
COPENHAGEN— Arrived March . 13— Stmr
United StatfB, from New York.
ANTWERP- Arrived March :1«— Stmr .Fin
land, from New .York. ¦ •
MANCHESTER — Sailed March 16 — Stnir
Boatonian. • for • Boston.
tirr. he-nce March 14.
XTMPQ17A RIVER— Sailed March 15 — Schr
Sadie, for San Pedro; echr Louise, for San
Pe.lro.
KVERETT— Sailed March 16— Bktn John
Smith, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Sailed March 10— Stmr Geo
Loomis. for.4ian Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed out March 16— Stmrs
L»elanaw and Jeanie. for San Ffancisco; schr
A J 'Fuller, for Sydney;. Br phip Ajicenis. ¦ for
Fremantle: Br ship Pass of Killlecrankie. for
Iqulque; shiD John Currier, for Bristol Bay.
Parsed out March 10— Schr John A Campbell,
from Everett, for Redondo; Br ship Mozam
bique, for Valparaiso; bktn John Smith, for
San Pedro.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed March 16— Stmr
Bonlta. for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived March lft— Stmr Eureka,
hence March 14: stmr Alliance, from Coos
Bay; schr Mary Dodge, from San Pedro. .
Hailed March 16 — Schr Azalea, for San
'Pedro.
TACOMA— S? lied March 10— Stmr Mlneola.
for San Francisco: Ger shin Wilkommen, for
Queenstown.
Sailed March 16 — Schr Kinc Cyrus, for San
Francisco. '. c
ASTORIA— Sailed March 15 — Stmr Redondo.
for San Francisco, and not as before from Re
dondo. March 16 — Fr bark Marcchal de Tu
renne. for United Kingdom.
' POUT HADLOCK— Sailed March 10— Schr
Mel rose, for Everett.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 16— Stmr Al
catraz. from Greenwood; Br ship Thlrlmere,
from Port Los Angeles. •
Sailed March 16 — Schr Ruth E Godfrey, for
Port Townsend: bktn J M Griffith, for Port
Hadlook; *tmr Olympic," for San Francisco.'
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived March 10—
/Tug Warrior, from San Pedro.
* Sailed March Hi— Tug W r arrior. with Br ship
Thirlmfre in tow for San Pedro. •
SOUTH BEND — Sailed March 16 — Schr
James H Bruce, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed March 16 — Brig
Geneva, for San Francisco; schr Banicor, for
Rodondo. ; . * ¦
BAN DON— Arrived March 10-r-Sch Coquelle,
from San Pedro. ¦> /
ISLAND PORTS. "
MANILA— Sailed March 15— U S etmr Sher
idan, for San Francisco. ';3$BPB%9
' HONOLULU— Sailed March 1C — Bark R P
Rithet. for. San Francisco; bark Yosemlte,' for
Port Townsend: sclir Henry K Hall, for Port
Townsend. ;.».'¦'«.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed March 15— Stmr City of
Washington, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
from Redondo.
Stmr Aurelia, Erickson. 99 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 72 houra.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, 56 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Pasadena, Dlxon, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar, Johnson. 47 hours from San
Pedro.
CLEARED.
March 16.
Stmr raclfic. Johnson. P«Ince "William
Sound: Alaska Packers' Association.
Stmr Alitak, Rasmussen, Alitak: Alaska
Packerii' As.sociatlon.
Br rtmr Alcoa, Lockett. Hongkong and Ma
nila; pacific Mall Steamship Company.
Stmr State of California. Thomas. San Dt
egro; Pa-rlflc Coast Pteamphin Comua-ny.
Ship Eclipse. Backus, Blaine; Alaska Pack
erV Association.
Shin Star "f France. Beriman, Ladysmith;
AUska Pickers' Aosoclation.
Bark ' Heqla. Nelson, Ladysmith; Alaska
Packers' Association.
. . SAILED.
Wednesday. March 16.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nicholson. San Pedro.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodegra.
• Stmr City of Puebla, .Tepsen, Victoria.
Br Btmr Aljjoa, Lockett, Hongkong and Ma
nila.
Ger ship Herzogin Cectlie, Dietrich, London.
Br shin Iredale. Pearce, Ipswich.
Ship Chas E Moody. Rasmussen. Anacortes.
Schr Prosper. Brandenson. Port Townsend.
Kchr Premier. Olsen. Port Townsend.
Schr Robert Seirles. Piltz. Grays Harbor.
Srhr Chan R Wilson. Grays Harbor. /
Tug Sea Witch. Hanssn. San Diego. /
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 1«. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind south; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REOONDO— Arrived March 16— Stmr Whit-
BRITISH BARK IREDALE, WHICH
DISCARDED A GREEN CREW
BEFORE GOING TO SEA.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Czarina..:... Coos Bay |Mar. 17
Eureka....... Humboldt Mar. 17
Colon New York via Panama. Mar. 17
Umatllla Pusret Sound Ports Mar. 17
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Mar. 17
Santa Rosa... San Diego &• Way Pts. Mar. 17
Rcdondo Portland & Astoria iMar. 17
Montara Seattle ." |Mar. 17
Enterprise mio IMar. IS
Spokane .. Humboldt Mar. 18
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului.. Mar. 18
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 18
Elizabeth Coquille River Mar. IS
Ncwburg Grays Harbor ...Mar. 18
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Mar. 18
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma Mar. IS
Leelanaw Tacoma |Mar. 19
, Anubls Seattle -..jMar. 20
G.W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria IMar. 20
Coptic '. ... China & Japan Mar. 21
Hero Oyster Harbor iMar. 21
Centralla Grays Harbor IMar. 2 1
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom...|Mar. 21
State of Cal.. San D!eja> & Way Pts. Mar. 21
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 21
DelNorte.... Crescent City Mar. 21
Coos Bay.... Pan Pedro & Way Pts. Mar. 21.
Senator Puget Sound Ports IMar. 22
Titanla Nanalmo |Mar. 22
Arcata % .. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. |Mar. 23
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. Mar. 23
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 2J»
Oregon Portland & Astoria Mar. 23
Amasls Hamburg & Way Pts. Mar. 26
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports, .j. Mar. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports :. Mar. 27
Alaskan New York Mar. 27
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
March 17.
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 10
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPier 9
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am I Pier 11
I . March 18. |
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 20
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Arcata Coos R & Pt Orfd|lO am Pier 13
March 19. |
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 112 m Pier 40
Eureka Humboldt I 9 am Pier 13
March 30.
Bpokane Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 2 pm Pier 20
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonlta Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
* March 21.
UmatiHa... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Karcii 22.
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
March 23.
Siberia. China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G. W. Elder Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
March 24. | •
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way... 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier. . . . Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
March 25.
Anubls...... Hamburg & AVay.. 2 pm Pier 19
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahului. 11 am Pier 7
March 26.
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m PJer 40
Senator.'... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amjPier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer." For. Sails.
Dirigo . ... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 17
Humboldt....' SkaRway & Way Ports. Mar. IS
J Dollar Valdez & Scward Mar 20
Alkl..... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 20
Dolphin Skapway & Way Ports. Mar. 22
City of Seattle Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 23
Farallon. ... .. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 29
Movements of Steamers.
Among the vessels that cleared yes
terday were the little steamers Pacific
and Alitak. The first named is goinj? to
Prince William Sound, the Alitak to
the port from which she takes her
name. These steam vessels are used as
tenders, towboats, dispatch-boats and
for other purposes, and are busiest
members of the big fleet. The bark
Hecla and the ship Star of France
cleared for Ladysmith, where they will
take cargoes of coal. This coal j they
will carry to the various salmon ports,
where it will be -used as fuel for oper
ating the machinery at the canneries.
The ship Eclipse cleared for Blaine.
The . schooners Premier and Prosper
cleared for Prince William Sound.
A large squadron of the vessels com
prising the Ealmon fleet cleared yester
day for northern ports.' Most of them
will sail to-day, and within a week the
whole fleet will be afloat and steaming
or tacking its way to the homes of the
red fish whose flesh is now a universal
staple.
' QUEBN&TOWX— Sailed March 18 — Stmr
Saxonia. from Liverpool, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed March 16— Stmr
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, for New Tork.
LONDON— Sailed March 1C— Stmr Lancas
i trla.n, for Bc3ton.
HONGKONG— Arrived 'rrevlous to March
i 16— Stmr Empress* of <^hlna. from Vancouver,
; via Yokohama, Hlogo, Nagasaki and Shanghai.
The first witness for the defense was
J. M. Foy, secretary of the State
board, who read the minutes of the
meetings at which it was resolved to
oust Foster & Orear and install
brother-in-law Rooney. Rooney him
self told of his futile efforts to buy out
the plaintiffs, who valued their stock
at $8000,' their fixtures at $4000, and de
manded $17,000 besides for the good
will of the business they had built up.
Failing to bargain on these terms,
Orear had offered him a third interest
in the business on condition that he
The testimony of the next witnesses,
George H. Mastick and ex-Judge "W.
C. Van Fleet, the plaintiffs' attorneys,
dovetailed in exactly with the last evi
dence quoted. Van Fleet testified that
Spear told him in the fall that it was
not a question of rent and that the
board was not going to auction off the
franchise. "He said he wanted his
brother-in-law to have the lease be
cause ht* was out of business," Van
Fleet averred. "The next time I saw
him was at the meeting of the board,
when I presented our clients* bid of
$1180, after Rooney's bid of $600 had
been submitted by Commissioner
Spear. The members held a quiet talk
among the'mselves and then postponed
the master."
It was at the* next meeting. Decem
ber 30. that- the Rooney bid was raised
to $1200 and quickly accepted, although
it is admitted that the plaintiffs' law
yers had given notice that their clients
were prepared to raise any bid Rooney
might make.
Attorney Mastick told the court that
at the subsequent meeting of January
12 Spear said to him that the Rooney
lease was all settled and would not be
reopened. Mackenzie had said to him
at the same meeting that no other
bids would be received or considered.
ROOXEY GIVEN" TIME.
Milton H. Esberg of the tobacco firm
of M. A. Gunst & Co. said he had
called on Spear in the interest of Fos
ter & Orear, who were customers of
his house. The Commissioner told him
that he had had some altercation with
Orear and did not consider him a
fit man to hold the place. Esberg had
remarked that it ought to go to the
highest bidder, but he had been given to
understand that the rent was not a
vital point.
Horace Orear and Charles • Foster,
the plaintiffs, both testified of their
conversation with Spear and the other
Commissioners in the effort to hold
their privilege at the ferry. Spear had
told them that it was a political, not
a business proposition; that the rent
they were then paying ($420 a month)
was enough; that the Commissioners
did not intend to rut the privilege up
for bids, and that the occupants had
better sell out to Rooney. Mackenzie
had told Orear, on December 30, the
day of the meeting at which the priv
ilege was voted to Rooney. that it was
not necessary for Orear to be at the
meeting, as he could bid later If he
wished. This privilege was later re
fused him.
REXT CUT NO FIGURE.
"I am not sure that the question of
rental was mentioned at ail," he an
swered.
Spear -was the first witness for the
plaintiffs, and in answer to questions
by W. B. Treadwell of Mastlck, Van
Fleet & Mastick, their attorneys, he
told how he had given notice to Foster
& Orear last July that he wanted
the news stand privilege "for a friend
of mine. Orear replied that he would
fight. Thereupon I said: 'Well, Mr.
Orear, if you are going to talk that
way you need not talk to me any fur
ther.' " This conversation had been
followed by others with one or both
members of the firm. In the second
interview Spear had told Orear that
it was his brother-in-law, Rooney, for
whom he wanted the place.
Spear admitted that ex-Judse Van
Fleet, the plaintiffs* attorney, had pre
sented his clients' bid of $1500 a month
for the privilege which was let to
Rooney at $1200.
Commissioner John D. Mackenzie
could not recall the date when Spear
first approached him in the interest of
Rooney, but said it was long before
the board acted. "I told him I would
stand by Rooney," he admitted.
"Was this because the tenants were
not paying enough rent?" was asked
the Commissioner.
SPEAR'S ADMISSIONS.
A lively fight for the possession of
the ferry news stand privilege was
pulled off yesterday in the Superior
Court, with Judge Seawell as referee.
It was the hearing on the motion to
make permanent the Judge's tempor
ary injunction restraining the Harbor
Commissioners from ousting Foster &
Orear, « the present tenants of the
stands, from the privilege they have
held for more than a decade, and let
ting it to John F. Rooney, brother-in
law of Commissioner Charles Spear.
Much evidence was introduced to show
that the lease to Rooney was granted
for personal or political reasons, with
out calling for bids and In spite of
the known fact that Foster & Orear
were prepared to raise their competi
tor's bid.
Much of this evidence was forced
from Commissioners Spear and Mac
kenzie, who were called as witnesses
for the plaintiffs. Mackenzie admitted
that long before the matter came up
in the board meetings he had promised
Spear to vote for Rooney, and all the
efforts of counsel for the board on
cross-examination failed to get him to
say that when this promise was given
the question of rental was even men
tioned. "When the defendant's turn
came Spear was recalled as a witness
for the board, but his testimony was
chiefly remarkable for its failure to
controvert the most material allega
tions of the plaintiffs' other witnesses.
After argument of counsel the case was
submitted. ,
Commission Charged With
Favoritism in Awarding
the Lease to J. F. liooney
INJUNCTION IS ASKED
Hearing on News Stand
Privilege at Ferry Brings
Out Conflicting Evidence
HARBOR BOARD
IS UNDER FIRE
Two of the Large, Sailing Vessels Will Take Coal From
Ladysmith to Canneries— Among Squadron Now Ready
Are Two Diminutive Steamers and Some Big Ships
ADVANCE GUARD OF SALMON FLEET
MAKES CLEARANCE FOR THE NORTH
Same owner with John Walton (contractor)
architect same— Painting, graining, varnish
ing, tinting. Uncrusta. etc.. for same on same;
$1C8O.
Rodger Carroll (owner) with Alfred Legault
(contractor), architect Albert Schroepfer— Ex
cavating, concrete, marble and carpenter work.
glass, plastering, electrical work. etc.. for two
three-story frame hutldingn (flats) on E lina
of Guerrero street. 25 S of Twenty-third. S 50
by E 100; $11.55O.
Same owner with.' A. Dayton
architect same— Plumbing, gas fitting, ttlinr,
etc., for same on same; $1205.
F. G. Andrews (owner) with Chesney A
Durnford (contractors), architects Stone &
Smith — AH work for a two-story and basement
franiA bulldinr (2 flats) on S line of Pas*
utreet, 141:3 W of Masonic avenue. TV 25 by
S 1.{7:C. Western Addition block 683; $«1S 50.
M. S. Price (owner) with same contractors,
architects same — All work for a two-story
frame building (flats) on S line of Page street.
116:.t W of Masonic avenue. W 23 S 137*6.
E 10. N 12:6. B 13. N 125. Western Addition
C83; $6418 50.
Hamilton C. Bowie Jr. (owner) with Joseph
A. McLauffhlin (contractor), architect C. H.
Barrett — All work for a three-story frame
building (flats) on S line of Fourteenth street.
10O W of Dolores; $8000.
Durnford (contractor*), architect J. W. Por-
Durnford (contractors}, architect J W Fop —
syth — All work for a three-story frame build
ing (flats) on W line of Shrader etreet. 100 N
of Grove. N 25 by W 106:3, Western Addition
block 704: $10,000.
John J. McE"wen to John McOrath. lot on
W line of Butler street. l.V> N of r.lalne. N
25 by W 70. lot 443. gift map 1: $10.
Hu;o K. Asher to K. J. Champion, lot 7.
blnok 5. Flint Tract: $10.
' Masonic Cemetery Association to Auyuste M.
Rohiffs. lot in cemetery: $153.
King's Daughters* Home for Incurables to
A. M. Nuckolls. lot on N line, of Eighth ave
nue. 12O W of L street. W 120 by N 100. lot
111. block 14O. Central Park Homestead: $10.
James Rice. Adeline R. Murgell and .lull*
R. Fredericki (Murstell) to Mary A. Ma*utr«.
lot on SW line of Francis street. 330 NW of
Mission, JTW 25 by SW 150. Academy Tract;
510.
Bernard Magulre. iam# to same: gift.
Builders' Contracts.
George and Kate Ryan to William Hoss. lot
on W line of Condon street. 00 N of Peralta.
N 25 by W 70. lot 8, map Z George Ryan
subdivision* of Precita Valley 234 to 236; $10.
Same to Arthur Bredlow. lot on E line of
Treat avenue. S25 S of Precita avenue. S 25
by E 110; $10.
Same to Wll!!am Renn, lot on E line of
Treat avenue, 550 S of Prccita avenue. S 50 by
E 110: $10.
Same to John Roach, lot on W line of Treat
avenue. 525 S of Precita avenue, S 25 by W
105: $10.
Same to John and Babette Bauer, lot oa
W line of Treat avenue. 625 S of Precita ave
nue. S 25 by W 105; $10.
Same to Helnerette Bredlow. lot on E line
of Treat a\enue. 450 S of Precita avenue. 51
75 by E 110, Prccita Valley 143 and 144: $1(>.
Stillman L. and Reberrca. A. Maw to Joha
Youns, lot on B line of Treat avenue, 6C0 3
of Precita avenue, t? 50 by K 110; $10.
Baldwin &. Howell (corDoration) to Mary
Kinbers twire of Louis), lot 12. block 1, sub
division 7. Castro-street Addition; 41i>.
Same to John Jr. and Harriet B. Morchio.
lot on N line of California street. 70 E of.
Tenth avenue. E 25 by N 100; $'jOt>.
Mrs. U C. or Llllle C. Bleil (riapin) anl
Georse W. Bleil to Bemhard Getz, lot on W
line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 30U S of 11
street. S 25 by W 120; ?10.
Walter H. Robinson to Ellen A. Fife (wife
of George S.>. lot on SW corner of California
street and Fifth avenue, S 2. W 50. NE 30:2;
$10.
California Land and Granite Company to
Augusta Harrington, lot on N line of Califor
nia street. 95 E of Tenth avenue. E 25 by
N ICO; $9C0.
W. B. Bourn to Nannie A. Meyerfleld. Irvt
on SW line of East street. 81:* NW of Mis
sion, N"W 45:10 by SW 137:6; $10.
Morris Meyerfleld Jr. to Nannie Meyetfleli
(¦wife), same; gift.
State of California, by Edward J. Smith.
Tax Collector (property assessed to John
iThompson and J. Peterson), to Walter H. Rob
inson, lot on SW corner of California street
and Fifth avenue. S 2. W 5O, NE 5O:2; $27.
J. W. Wright ¦ ft Sons' Investment Company
to Josephine Goerl, lot on S line of L> street.
82:6 E of Forty-fifth avenue, E 75 by S 100;
$10. \
-Michael J. Barry to Helen F. Barry, lot on
N lino of Hancock street, 160 E of Sanchez.
E 25 by N 114; $10.
Augustus J. Uanken to Adolph O. Cordell.
lot on 3 lina of Fourteenth street. 230 XV ot
Sanchez, W 25 by S 115; $10.
Louis L. and Georue A. Zocchi to Stefano
Baclxalupi. lot on SE corner of Union street
and Union place. E HO by 9 »0; $10.
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 16. .
Job. G. and Margaret Rarker Ud \±&g*
of Lombard street. Iti W of La«una #
u/and ViJnle IV B«^Sa1^
and Mary Burke, lot on N Mn* of M cA. l.ljur
.treet. C4:« W of Steiner W 27 :« J by. N S.j * .
Adolph Schocnfeld to Minnie
on B line of Post strt-et. 1«>O £ of Broderlclt,
W -'5 by 3 100. nuitclaim deed; *A ..*,,_,_.
H. G. and Konradine WeHbruU tf \ c -'?E
H Bacon, lot on N line of Car street. ~~>
of Stanyan. E 25 by N l:J7:t>: <U>.
Bessie Nellsen to Bom P. Ne»s#n lot n
line of Boyce street. 275 N of Creary. N ->
b" E 12O quitclaim de«l; #1. »«h«
*J. H. T. and Henrietta Watkinson to John
G. Barker and Calvin B. Knickerbocker !t»t
on N line of Frederick tfTMt 2N E of £ i la •
K 100, N SlOltt, W to point 23 E of. WlUard.
S 91; $10. : -' o .,
E. Cohen to W. E. P»acock. lot on S: UM
of Liberty street. 133 W of Valencia. V\ -¦•
by S 115: also lot on SK corner £ f *V in *.';•'
and Francisco streets. B 121 :;: by £ 68: 1»: als..
lot on S line O< Sixth avenue , 2Sl J.. fc 1f^. ,.^
street. S 100. K 141:5*. NE l'*:l. Vv U*- 1 ';
lot 234, block 120. Central Tark HomesteaJ.
aUo tot 807, Gift Map 2: also lot on V> »n«
of Valencia street. 105 S of Twenty-flftn. s>
25 by W 90; also lot en N line of Twenty
fourth street. 22S.4 W of Ellen. 51:8 by
N 114; also lot on N lina «l Twenty-fourth
street. 17«i 2-S W of Ellen. W 51 :S by N 114.
also lot on N line of Fifth avenue. 4J1 W oZ
M street. W 81:10, N to Fourth * venu £- £
131:5 SW 20R; also lot on K 1!n *\£ f ,w f 2
avenuV S7:2 E of N stre-t. N 205. W 1*». 3
200 E 87:2; also all Interest in driveway on
Fifth avenue from Railroad avenue to M street:
also lot 5. block 77. University Mound, quit
claim deed; ?10. wrmti™
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to V- t" ian J
G. Pcrow lot on N line of B street. 80 W of
First avenue. W 25 by N 100; <10.
Bay District Land Company to James r.
Broad lot on E line of Third avenue. 1»J> •*
of B street. .V 25 by E 120: $10.
John and Meta Burgoyne to Arthur Cass.tiy.
lot on M line of EUhth avenue. .200 > oi a
street. N 25 by E 120: $10.
Solomon and Dcra Getz to Frances L. tTiap
man. lot on E line of Thirty-sixth avenue. 1..O
N of' B street, N 5O by E 120; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Neloon to Alfred C.
and Clar» II. Lodeme,. lot on W line of Fj'«
avenue. 175 S of B street. S 25 by W 120; $!•».
Victor U. Winfrey to Emma T. Fenton *wif<»
of I. P.). lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 50
N of Hugo street. N 25 by E 90: $10.
Susan C. and J. TV. Winfrey to same, lot on
E line of Sixth avenue. 75 N of Hugo street.
N 23 by E 95; $10. „ _
Jennie S. Men-lit (by California Safe De
posit and Trust Company, trustee) to f*a» '- f0
nia Home Building Loan Company. 1903 D
47 1, 19S0 D 90. lot on W line of Twenty-seven tf\
avenue. 1C0 N of L street. N 50 by W 1-0.
trustee's deed; $.150.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Daniel J. and
Mary B. Sullivan, lot on "W 11ns of Forty
eighth avenue, 2t>2:6 S of K street. S 50
by W 120: $10.
REAL ESTATE TR AXSACTIONS.
¦ ¦ •-..-¦¦ . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1004.
14
SPECIAL SOTICBS.
uidJeT'~Chicnefter'« English Pennyroyal Plll»
are best; safe, reliable; tak«? no other. Send 4c.
*t«rr.n* for particular*. ••Relief tor Ladles .
in letter by return mail. A*k your drugglet. I
Chicbxster Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa. |
LADIES. *end your addrem to 112« Market St.. !
S. K.. valuable inforTT'»tlr."- r"om 2. j
?Tri TTCRI\« AMI STAMMERING. |
-1'HK MELBOURNE SCHOOL for th- cure of I
nutterfng sfid ttammering. corner Van Ness i
sve and Market St., S. K-. has be»n estab-
l!fhfd in this city for 3 years and shall coa- j
t,r.ue for it b founded on true mtrit and has j
the commendation of reputable physicians ;
,-\*r>wfi<»r*. It teaches a sur>erior system j
t.rd "•¦hallenget. resultf. No wholesale class |
«oik but t> hours' individual teaching daily, j
reducing nervous obstruction to speech and !
leading 10 thorough control. Within reach '
rf all !
MAKKIAGE LICENSES.
—^-^— , ¦ , -^ ..-.¦ • 1
Tlie following marriage licen«e« were issued J
yesterday: :
Adolphe Crcste. 21. f'21 Pacrfii- Ktr^et. and ;
Eugenie Mananth .n. 52. »21 Pacific str»»et.
Gitis^pp^ Pfile. 22. 14 Sinora place, and An- !
gf-lin« Rur?i p ro. 1«. 1217> 2 Keartiy street.
\'irtir H. Hermann. 22. "-*-Ui Twrnty-tourth j
¦tnet. »nd Mn-jd*" K. HranF.-.»ml>». 20. Fairfield.
John M. Haubold. 4<>. city, and Jan» IVrry. !
3S. oit>-. 1
Jr-seph W. A. Gill. K, Stix'kton. and Louise j
A. I>owdef>. 25. Stockton. <
John T. White. .'.2. Tulare. and Nellie Hop- j
kin*. 40, Tulare. ;
»lbe-t Koenigh»im. 21. 620 Geary street, and •
M«n«l G*tr. I*. 1K2»> Eddy street.
< harl»» K. Hlnckmer. 29, M« Mission street. 1
in* f:?*>nor»> V. \>it. 2T5. city. !
P«v,d Mi!!«r. 37. 224 Fifth street, and Jen- J
nie Potter. ."£. 12W I'nton street. :
l?aac L. V.fclTwcrth. CS, <.:t.>. and Alie» D. 1
Smith. ». cit». !
~£IBtHS — MABBIAgES — DEATHS.
Iiirth. marr-.ag* and death notices eent by
rs&il mtO not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either cf the rublicatlon offices and b«
indorsed with tfce came and residence of p«r-
•cr«> «uthor:z<?<1 to have the came published.
Vctic»* restricted simply to the announcement
cs. tnc event are published once in this column
fre* cf charge.
BOR.V.
GIBSON— In this city. March !». 1904. to the
¦vtfc of Charles W. G4bson. a dauchier.
DIED. i
BnM* HsrrM F. UcCUae, Jp.r.e
Rump. Nelson MtEvcy. Annie ;
Duffy. \'alent!ne M\er. Matthias ¦
Emery. Mary J. Molb«rg. Alexander |
Kiizptirick. John H. «<"Gara. J'atrick T.
<;«ll»pf>f. Manuela O'Hare. Catherine
<J|-jer-k. G*orce l*at<>r. Maria
H'infieM, Mary Jane Perkin.«, Julia
Ha!l Gtorse D. Plieli*. Charles
Harrison. Wil'iara Porta, G. E.
Ilanley. E'.la A. R.-hrer. Minna
Hlckey. Msry Ann Su-n. Adoi;.h S.
Hughe^. Kienzi Sullivan. Cornelius
K<nn«-dy. James K. Ward. Ellen
K»lly. Mary Waugh. William F. 1
Kinsman. Annie Wilson. August G.
Kin?f-land. Thos. G. Woods. Mrs. Maggie j
K-.-rsberg. OJ:a.r W.
BRA AS— In this city. March 16, 1304. Harold I
F. BlMt, dearly beloved son of P. W. and
Dora U-aas. an.i beloved brother of Mrs. T.
I'-leuf* and Anni'-. Tlllie. Emma. Elsie.
Arthur. Oarl«>!'. Willie and Henry Rraa.". a
natixe of San Francisco, aged 2 years and
7 months.
BUMP— In Oakland. March lfi. WH. Nelson,
belovfd h-jsband Of Sarah Hump, and father
tit Mrs. Ljdia TJioi.ias. Mrs. Anna lvey,
llrs. Ellen McFadden and Mrs. Lina Dean,
a n»ti\«' of New Tork, aged 79 years and ;
11 month*. j
DUFTT— In this citv. March 15. UJ04, Vaien-
t'lie. beloved brother Of James Duffy, a na- I
ii\e of County M'-naghan. Ireland, aged 45 j
5 ears. A membf-r of Rigger? ' and Stevedores' }
I'ninn. Local No. 222. I. L. MT and T. A. !
ITTFriendF and acqua-intancets app respect- '
fully invitf-d to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Val^nte. M«rini &¦ :'o., 1524 Stockton street.
Interment Holy Cross Ctmetery.
EMERY— In this Hty. March 16. 1904. Mary
J. Kmcrv. Gloved mother of Jame* B. Em- j
• ry <>f han Francisci and Warren L. Emery j
find Mrs. U ra U. Oykins of Rochester. N. |
V.. a nativ#> of .%>»¦ Jersey, aged 79 years 7 !
month? end 22 <1ays». ;
FITZPATRICK— In thi» city. March 15. 1904.
Jcfcn H*nrj-, beloved eon of Elizabeth and
the late Hugh Fitrpatrick, and loving brother
of James, Hugh. Frank and George Fitz-
:<-.tri- K and Mrs. P. McDonald, a native of
ran Francisco, eged 27 years. j
lT7Fri«>iids and acquaintances are rexpect- J
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Itu'-sday), at 7:45 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1018 Alabama Mreet, thence 10
Kt. PetT's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mats will be celebrated for the repose
«>* hit bouI. at S:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Ometory.
GALLEOOS-In this city. March 15. 1901,
Mci.urla CaUrgoa, a native of San Jose, {
Cd$'.i Rica. j
C7Friend» and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral services at j
the Church of Notre Dame des Victoires, Bush j
?tr«t. b«tw*-rn Stockton and Grant avenue, j
at 9:30 o'clock, on Thursday. March 17. In- |
termt-rt private. Please omit flowers.
•iLUECK— In this city. March 15. 19<)4.
• Jeorge, beloved husband of the late Annie
Glueck. and devotf-d father of Mrs. C. Na-
gel. Mr». L. Ha wee. Mrs. G. Thompson, Mrs.
Oliver O'Brien. Mrs. E. Lawlor and George
Clutch Jr. a:id the late Mrs. W. Begulil, a
native of Germany, aged 53 years 2 months
and 9 days. A member of Verein Eintracht
and Box-mak«>rs' and Sawyers' Interna-
tional Cnion. Local 152.
£7"Frien<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral to-day
"Thursday*, at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Pubr & Co.. 1137 Mission street.
Lftweop Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. |
Boniface'* Church for mm vices at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRANFIELD— Friends are cordially invited tr»
attend the anniversary r«quiem hieh mars '
f«-r the r"r«*<* of th* f^oul pf Mary Jar.*>
Urwifi^ld, d*«rlv beloved and departed wlf* j
of William Granfleld. to be celebrated at Pt.
Pttrfdffl Church. Friday morning, March IK, i
at 9:'M 0*dock.
HALL— In Alameda. C«l.. March 15, 1904,
George D. Hall, a native of Massachusetts!
aged 68 years 2 month6 and 15 days.
lETTriends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend tho funeral Tnurs- j
day. March 17, «t 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2245 Han .Tore avenue. Interment
5!our.tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
HAMUSON— In this city. March 1*!, 1904 '
William Walter, b'loved «on of William and
L'j<y E. Harrison, a native of California.
<iH 4 year» and 10 months.
HANLET— In this city. March 15, 1904, Mrs ,
Klla A. Hanley.^bfloved wife of D. J. Han-
Iry. daughter of Jlenry and Gertie Grinien-
ft«-!n. and sister <jf John, Frank, and Elma
<;rimenMcln and th? late Annlo Grimcnstcin
s !?o sifter of Mrs. W. H. Shayer, a native of
i:«Jwood City, aped 23 years 5 months and
11 day?. ilUdwood City papers lilease copy.)
C¦7¦l•"ri<•¦nd^ and acquaintances arp re^pect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral Saturday
March l». «t 9:3« oclock. from her late
pret>» 1 .siM 1 Cetaetery.
HiCKEY— In this city. March U. 1904, Marr
Ann. Moved wife qf James Hitkey. loving
mother of Margaret; Mamie. Patrick. Nora
¦ K&tie. Loretta. and James Hickey, Mrs An-
nie Raycruft and the late Daniel Hickey
daughter of Ellen and the late Dennis No-
lan, and sister of Willie.. Patrick. Louis and
Catherine Nolan and Mrs. E. T. Hlckey and
Mrs. H. O-Neil. a native of Sherkin Island
County Cork, Ireland, aged C2 years.
CTFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦ Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 150 gouth Park, thence to St. Rose'*
l.Tiurch. where a requiem high mass will be
ct-lfcbrcted fiT the repose of her soul, com-
men«.ins at 10 : a0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crosr Cemetery.
HUGHES— In this city, March 15. 1904 Rlenrl
Hugh*!!, l*loved husband of Mary C. Hughes
father of W. g.. Robert G.. Katharine, Frank
and Roy Hughes and Mrs. W. J. Reid, and
brother of E. C. Hughes and Cyru» Roberts
«jf C&tnden. a native of Remsden. Oneida
County. New Tork. aged €« years and 8
tn-jntlu. (New Tork City and Camden N
J ¦¦ papers please copy-) •
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
'Thursday) at 10:15 o'clock, from St. Mary b
<.^iurch. «"alirorn!a and Dupont streets. In-
ifrm*nt Holy rro«i Cemetery, by car from
Kighteenth and Guerrero streets Remains
at ;r.e parlors of Halzted & Co.. 840 Mission
street.
K^ : . XN ? D A~ In ncar San Joec. Cal
of a M»« W- James K " bclov * d t.ueSTnd
Iv^ William K, Allen H. and Bess C. Ken-
nedy. a native of New Brunswick aged «2
years 3 rnonths wid 10 days ?
CT-Noiice of funeral hereafter
KKLLT— In this city. March 15. l»04 Man-
wi, e of T . Kelly, and beloved sist^Tof John
UvV^T^FVanclU*^' A - LyODS ' •¦ —
funeral wrlor. of McGinn Bros
McAllister street, thence to St' RosT.
S^T • WiCC "- Int "™«>t Holy OrSi
KIXGMAX — 1b OaklanJ. March 14, 1904
F. J. Monahan. Manager. TeL Miteicn 31
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
K F:V, I i? A f;, D ' nECTORS AK » EMBALMERS
— >-J-^ill tllxuion «t.. tiiar Nineteenth. ¦
San Kramctaco.
James McGinn. Henry Hansea. I
JAMES McGINN & CO I
Ferrnerly With McGinn Bro«. I
Ftineral Directors and Embalmers I
214 Eddy »t.: Tel. South 576. I
ICRemains at parlors of McFadden. Mc-
Brearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
WAUGH— In this city. March 16. 19O4. William
Fowler Waush. a native of San Francisco,
ag»d 27 years 2 months and 10 days.
WILSON— In this citv. March 16, 19O4.'
August G.. beloved husband of Sophie Wil-
son, and fatl:er of Ida M., Edward, Lizzie
and Enoch Wilson, a native of Finland,
aged 40 year*.
WOODS— In this city. March 16. 1904. Mrs.
Maggie Wr«o.is tnee Curren). beloved
daughter of Mary and the late Joseph Cur-
r*n. and beloved sistrr of Mrs. W. H. M<r-
Hhane and W. W. Curren, a native of Sian
Francisco, azed "4 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday). at 2 o'clock, from Memorial
Hall, Odd Fellows' building, corner Seventh
and Market streets, under the auspices of
Golden Gate Lodge No. 201, I. O. O. F. Re-
mains at the chapel of Charles H. J. Tru-
man & Co., 1909 Mission street, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
BCLUVAK— Id this city. March 16. l»04.
<V>rno!iu« J.. beloved husband of the late
Ellen Sullivan, and loving father of Mrs. R.
A. Summers and Mn=. J. V. Halrp, a native
of County Kerry. Ireland, aged SI years.
E7Krk-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dent. ri3 G'and avenue, between Ninth and
Temh streets, thence to St.. Joseph's Church,
where a reouiem high maw will be cel?-
l>ra«d for the repose of his s-ul, commencing
at !» o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
WARD— In thlF city, March 16, 1904, Ellen,
beloved wife of Frank Ward, and mother of
Frances E. Ward, and daughter of the late
Catherine and Robert Brady, and «lster of
Catherine. Robert and Thomas Brady, a na-
tive of San FrancKco, aged 24 years 6 months
and •; dar*.
IT^Fritnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. March 17. at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence. 2431 Fo!som street, near
Twcnty-flrst, thence to Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
STEX— In this city. March 14. 1904, Adolph S.
Sten. a native of Sweden, aged 68 years.
C" Notice of funeral hereafter.
PORTA— In this city. March' 15, 1904. at St.
Joseph's Homo, G. K. Porta, a native of
Switzerland, aired 4ft years.
iryKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
Marr-h 19. at y:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. K.' Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to ihe Italian Church, where a
requiem hich mass will be held for the re-
pos? of hi* roul. commencing at 10 o'clock.
Intfimrnt Holy Cross Cemetery,
ROHRER— In this city. March 14, 190»,
Minna, beloved wife of the late Jacob Roh-
rer, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. G. H.
Moulton, William J., Frederick J., Karl
and Theodore Rohrer," and beloved sister of
Mrs. K. Beyer. Sin. R. Noethig. Mrs. Ma-
rie Haarer and Christian Wleland. a native
of Enuersbach, Germany, ased 47 years 2
months and 2a days.
residence. .V-j Tay street, off Clay, between
• Powell and Mason streets. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
PERKDCS— In this city. March 13. 1904. Julia
Perkins, Filter <-f Kate ("nhlll, a native of
County Cork. Ireland, aged VJ years.
THElvPS— In Alameda. March 16. 1904.
diaries I. Ph ins, husband of Frankie
Phe!p*.
Annie Kintman, a . native of Ireland, aged
«7 years'.
KIXf^LAKIJ- -In Oakland. March 16. 1904,
- ' Thozra-s G., belcvetl husband of Margaret A.
KiHgblarKl. and father of William Jacques,
! Prarl ind Olive Klnesland. a native or
! Koonton N. J., aE«d 77 years 7 months and
! 15 da >>:.'
; KORSBKr.G— In this city. March 14. 1904.
Oscar W., belovrd ton of Frank and Helena
' Korsberg and brother of the late Hulda
Korsberg. a native or Sweden, aged 22 years
7 months *r.d 2B days.
(CT'Friends and ac«iuaint»nc?s arc re5pect-
j fully Invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day March 17, at 10 o'clock, from the •^•m-
I lly residence. 2121 Greenwich street, neffy
Fillmore. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
j McCI.ANE — In llerkeley. March 16. 1W>4. Jane
McClane. wife of the late \V. S. McClane,
j and mother of M. A. and W. J. McClane and
Mrs. t>. I.. Ed car. •
I McEVOY— In this city. March 16. 1004, Annie,
ikarly b:Iovcd dau-hter cf M. A. and Annie
MoEvoy. anJ flMcr of Mary Agnes, Isabella
Monica' and Pts:>h«-n Joseph McEvoy. a na-
tive of Han .Francisco, ased ft years aJid S*
I months.
gy Notice of 'funeral hereafter.
; UKYER- In this .city. March 16. 1904.
Matthias Meyer, a native of Germany, aged
79 vearc.
i M«ii,rerij — In the City and County Hospital,
March 1>\. VMM. Alexander Molberg, a native
i cf Finland, asred S3 yearti.
! OGARA— In this city, March 15. KKM, rat-
rick Thomas. bt-Ioved hufband of Etta Simp-
son O'Gara. lather of Katie. May. Mabel.
, Hazel r.Dd Gertrude O'Gara and the late
! Thomas O'Gara. ar.d brother-in-law of Mrs.
i H. Jacobpon ar.d Mr9. Edward Allard and
Martin and Ron Griffin, a native of Ireland,
agfd :>S years.
C^Frienon and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
1 clay. March 17, at 9 o'clock, from hie late
: residence. 531 Utah street, thence to St.
", Charles Borrcrneo'p Church, corner Eljrht-
( een:h and SIuitw»ll streets, where a requiem
high n-a?s will be celebrated for the repote
j «>* htr *oul. et 10 o'clock. Interment private,
1 Holy Cross Cemetery.
O HARK- In this city. March 10. 1904. Catn-
erint". beloved wife of «"olonel James O'Hare,
l\ S. A., a native cf Norwich. Vermont.
Z^TTh" funeral will take ;Mace to-mcrn>w
Frloay>. at y o'clock, from St. Ignatius
Church, where a rfqulem mass will be cele-
brated fcr the repese of her soul at the above
hour.. Interment National Cemetery. 1'rr-
rtdfak
PATER— In this ci*y. March 15. 1904. Maria
Pater, beloved mother of Mrs. J. Ruddick.
a native of Fiance, aged years.
C7I"ritr.dp and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day. March 17. at Ht o'clock, from her lateGas and Electric Declares a Divi
dend of $1 25.
Aside from the announcement of the divi
dend by Gas and Electrte there was not much
feature to the local markets yesterday. Trad-
Ing on the Bond Exchange was quiet, with no
fluctuations worthy of note. The mining
stocks were not as strong as on the preceding
day, though Ophlr sold at $5. The oil stocks
were quiet.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany has declared a dividend of $1 23 per
share, payable March 31.
. The Mutual Electric Light Company has
levied an assessment of $1 per share.
OH City Petroleum dividend No. 1, of 40
per share, amounting to $2500, Is payable
April 1.
The California Fnilt Canners' Association
will pay the usual monthly dividend of 60
cents per share March 21.
California Powder Works (new corporation)
will pay a regular monthly dividend of .30
cents rer share March 21.
I : Semi-annual Interest was payable yesterday
; or. the 5 per crnt bonds of the Oakland Gas,
Light and Heat Company.
¦ Lion OU Company. — March 13 was sale day
of stock' upon which the recent 1 cent assess-
STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87$
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 13
Silver, per ounce — 66%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 464
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The markets all over the world
maintain their same dead level day after day
and week after week. Nothing moves them.
Chicago U still the only place to show fluctu
ation. It goes up and down without apparent
Cause and this market follows It as far as
futures are concerned. There wan no change
yesterday worthy of note. A wire from Min
neapolis said that the demand for Flour had
been very poor there of date and that If It did
not imnrovo very soon the mills would close
down.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40®l 45; • California
Whlto Australian, $L5O0l 574; Northern
Club. $1 40@l 42H; Northern Bluestem. $1 50®
1 65 per ctl.
FUTURES
Session 9 to 11:30 a. rn.
Open. 'V High. Low. Close.
May $1 43V6 $1 43H- $1 43 |14]
December ... 1 3S% 1 '•*$% 1 37% 1 38
, 2 p. m. . Session.
May— $1 43.".
December— Ig.^T^..
BARLEY— The market continues to advance
both cash grain* and futures being very firm.
The situation Is more or less blind, but seems
to be this: . Receipts are light and the demand
is good: .the actual grain accepted in the De
cember deal amounted to about 13,100 tons, of
which pome 5000 tons have been sold for local
use and 000 for shipment, leaving only about
2000. tons still to be marketed. The Japanese
Government Is reported to want several thou
sand lens morn If suitable terms as to quota
tions and freight space can be made. These
conditions ars all bullish, and in addition there
Is an attempt being made to corner the May
option. Hence the advance. Sales yesterday
were made up to $1 13% and the leading hold
ers ahked $1 15. :
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $l' 124@1 13%: Shipping and Brewing,
$1 10*i©l 1S%; Chevalier, $1 15@1 35 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
May ........?1 H'/i *1 11*4 $1 11 $1 11
December ...1 02% 1 02% 1 02% 1 02?,
.• • 2 p. in. Session.
No sales. . . . » . • «
OATS— Conditions remain as stated yester
day and prices continue without change. There
are nor.fi coming In from the north nt present.
White. $1 27401 37V4: Black. $1 2i»l 68:
Red $1 25®1 33; Gray. $1 32 & per ctl.
CORN— Stocks arc light, the demand is fair
LOCAL MARKETS.
Weather Report.
; Foreign Futures.
1 ' "
; LIVERPOOL.
1 Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening... 0 S V fi «4 6 8Vi
, Ciosing .'.... ..... 6 1^ « 7%
j. PARIS.
Wheat — March. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 21 CO 21 f0
Closing ". 21 55 21 55
Flour —
Opening 28 83 29 C5
Closing 2S 70 20 CO
St. Louis Wool Market. '
ST. LOUIS, March 10. — Wool steady. Medi
um sxades, combing und clothing, 17@21 4c;
i light line, Ifi017_c; heavy fine, 12i?J14Vic; tub
I washed, 22Q31C,
I London Wool Sales.
1 LONDON. March" 1«. — The offerings at the
i wool auction sales to-day amounted to 13,Otil
! bales. There was a large supply of cross-breds
i on hand, and all were sold at full rates. Amr
j icanu took some Port Philip combing.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON'.
PORTLAND, March 1«. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 7U@77c; Bluestem, sO@S2c; Valley, 81
C'S3c.
WASHINGTON. .
TACOMA, March 16— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem, b'2c; Club. 77c.
•? Northern Business.
SEATTLE. March 1C— Clearings, $630,770;
balances. $77,t!O5.
TACOMA, March 1C.— Clearings, $330,610;
balances, $20,201.
PORTLAND. March 16. — Clearings, ;460,679;
balances. $<K>,785. -
SPOKANE. March 1C. — Clearings, $516,302;
balances, $125,708.
showing evidences of decay. The other Citrus
fruits stood as previously quoted.
Extra fancy Apples were still firmly held,
supplies being comparatively light, but the
cheaper grades were offering freely at easy
rates.
APPLES — $1 75@2 25 per box for extra fancy,
$1 25<ffl 50 for ordinary fancy, 35c&$l *«¦
choice and 35665c for common.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1<92
per box for fancy and 50c6$l 25 for standard
to choice; Tangerines, 75c@$l 23 per box;
Lemons, *1 7i©2 50 for fancy. $1 2501 50 for
choice and 75c<g|l for standard; Grape Fruit.
$1 25^2 50; Mexican Limes, $tti38 50: Bananas.
$1@2 t>er bunch for Hawaiian and $1 5O©'2 23
for Central American; Pineapples, $1 6032 30
per dozen. •
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honcy.
FRUIT — Apricots; 8Vi©10^c for Royals and
9^12c (or Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4Yt@
5%c; sun-dried. 3%©4V4c: Peaches, 5@7Hc;
Pears. S'gll^c; Nectarines, 3©5Hc; Figs,
white. 3&4c in boxes; black, 4Vic; Plums, pit
ted 3@8c per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2H@2%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — The Association quotes the-follow
ing prices: Standard grades, 50-lb cases — 2
crtwn Loose Muscatels. 3%c- per lb;
3-crown. Sftc; 4-crown, 6«4c; Seedless Loose
Muscatels. iV*e: Seedless floated. 4Hc; 2-crown
Malaga loose. 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose. 5-%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. »Uc; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. 5Hc. Layers, per 20
lb box — 8-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dehcsa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
1 $2; 3-crown London Layers. $1 33; 2-crown
London Layers, $1 23; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 18-oz
cartons, per lb. 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package, «9ic; fancy bulk cartons, per lb, T^c;
choice 16-os cartons, per lb. 7%c; choice 12-oa
I cartons, per package, 6V4c; choice bulk car
i tons, per lb. 7Uc; 16-ot cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-oz cartons.
1 seeded Seedling?. Muscatels, per lb, b\c; bulk.
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb. 694 c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softsbell, 13*ii@14c;
No. 2 HViWlSc; No. 1 hardshell. i:ta 1:14c;
No 2. liailHe: Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils. HV-c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and O'/ic for Langue.doc; Peanuts. 6® 7c for
Eastern; Pecans. lltf?13c: Coeoanuts. $4 30@5.
HONEY— Comb, lOflllttc for white and 8H
©t»t*,c for amber; water white extracted. 5®
S^c; light amber extracted. ' 4%S4?ic; ,i_ rk>
3^©4o.
BEESWAX— 27029c per lb.
Provisions.
The situation in Cured Meats remains as for
several weeks past and prices show no change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10%c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium, 13e for light.
1 13%e for. extra light and 13c for sugar-cur«d:
I Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13»4c: California
Hams, 124c; Mess Beef. $10 6O@ll per bbl:
extra Mes». $11 W)@12; Family, $12 50@i3;
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear. $21#23;
Mt-ss, *1S; Dry Salted Pork. 10H@Hc: Pig
Pork, $27. Piss' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c
I *LARD — Tierces quoted at 6?ic per lb for
I compound and OV*c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
I U»ic; 10-lb tin*. 10c; 5-lb tins. lOftc; 3-lb
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9«4c; three
half barrels, OKd one tierce. 9},c; two tierces.
He: five tierce*. 8vic per lb.
Hides, fallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about HSlc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. «!4c; medium. 8%c; light. 7%c; Cow
HiJes. 8c for heavy and 7%c for light: Stags.
Cc; 3nlted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 13©16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 2&@30c each:
yhort Wool. 4<*8«5c each; medium. 70@90c: long
Wool. *1@1 5O; Horse Hides salt. *2 75 for
large and $2©2 50 for medium. $1 2301 73 for
I small and 60c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
; ?1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. |1@1 23
t for small and 5(»c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
I Mexican. 31c : dry Salted Mexican, 25c: dry
I Ontral American, 31c. Gcat Skins — Prime An-
I gorns, 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium,
I 35c; small, 20c.
i TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4ii®4Hc D«r lb;
; No. 2. :t'/ii?I4c; grease. 24@ac.
j WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs*. 9®
• lie; Middle County, Il<gl2c; Northern defect-
I Ive, 9«10c; Nevada, 13iil5c; Oregon, fine, 18®
; irv : Oregon, medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS— 24£27c per. lb for California. 1903.
and 17&c for crop of 1904.
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are 83 follows:
j BEEF— 7«Sc for Steers and 6^S7c per lb
I for Cows.
I VEAL — Large. S,t»S4c: small. 8S94c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 94®10c; Ewes. 9S9V*c
• per lb. , -
i LAMB— Yearling*, lie; Spring. 16c.
PORK— Dr?Fsed Hcga. 7©SV4c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
I ¦ The following quotations are for good, sound
j Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
I per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. »99c: Cows and Heifers.
! 7©S»c: thin Cows. 4f?5c per lb.
CALVES — K« I'-ic per lb (gross weight).
j SHEEP — Wethers, 4Vitf3c; Ewes. 4VA«M«4c
1 per lb (gross weight).
1 LAMBS— 3 <&$&: per lb.
HOGS— Live Hor». 140 to 200 Ids. 5*;>03%c:
; over 2W» lbs. 5>i*j3«(C; soft Hogs, 4VjiM*ic:
; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars. 30 per cent off.
\ and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
• tions.
General Merchandise.
*
! BAGS — Grain Bags, 54c spot and 5%c June-
July; Can Qu^ntln, ?5 23; Wool Bags, 32@33c;
; Fleece Twine. ~hi<ji$c.
COAL — Welllneton. $8 per ton; New Wel
¦ lington. $S: Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $6 30; Bea
! ver Hill. $C: Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7: Coos
' Bay, $5 Zt>; Greta |7: Wallsend, $7; Richmond.
; $7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and $14 25 In
! sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
I Welsh Anthracite Ege. $13; Welsh Lump,
¦ $11 50; Cannsl. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50©13
I per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
' tain descriptons, $11 43 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
[ per long ton, according to brand.
1 OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
I add 5c: Linseed. 4Dc per gallon for boiled and
I 47c lor raw; Castor OH. In cases. No. 1, 70c:
I Baker?" AA. $1 10®l 12; Lucol. 45c for boiled
j and 43c tor raw; China Nut. 60@70c per gallon;
1 Cocoanut Oil. In barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
I for Australian:, extra bleached winter Sperm
' OH. S5c: natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c; extra.
• bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c: natural Whale
; Oil UOc: extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c;
•No* 1 Lard Oil. (SCc; pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil, 65c; light Herring OH.
45c- dark Herring Oil, 43c. Salmon Oil, 38c;
bo!l'»d Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 3Sc; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
11"- Pearl OH. In cases. 20Vjc; Aatfta!. 204c;
Star, 204c; Extra Star, 244c; Elaine. 264c:
Eocene. U3'-|C; Deodorised Stove Gasoline, in
bulk 16c: in cases. 224c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c;* In cases, 194c: 85-degree Gasoline In
bulk, 23c; in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE — 84c per gallon In caws and
7Se In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Are higher. Red
Lead, 76'74c per lb; White Lead, 7©74c. ac
cording to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cube* A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.63c;
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated, 5.50c;
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.40c; Dry Granu
lated coarse, 5.40c; Fruit 5.40c;
Beet Granulated «100-lb bags only). 5.20c:
Confectioners' A. 5.40c: Magnolia A. 5c;
Extra C. 4.90c; Golden C. 4.80c: "D."
4 70c- barrels, 10c more; half barrels. 25<vmore:
boxes. 5l»c more; 50-lb bags. 10c tnorelor all
kinds. Tablets — Half barrels. 5.90e; boxes.
6.15c- H & E. Crystal Dcmlnos. 8.40c oer lb.
Nc orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
> FOR WEDNESDAY. MARCH 16.
Flour qr sks . . 5,923 Wool, bales ... 3
Wheat ctls .... 1.340 Feed, sks 780
Barley' ctls .... 0,428 Sugar, ctls .... 7,050
Corn ctls 31M Tallow, ctls .... 23fl
Beans ska 750 Hides. No. .... 2.01B
Potatoes, sks .. 3.«'27 Pelt*. No 4S0
Onions sks ... llljLeather. rolls... IOO
Bran. sVs 150 Paper, reams ... S2O
Middlings, sks. 200 Chicory, bbls ... 14
Hav tons 52S Wine, gals .... 43,700
Straw, tons ... 38 Raisins, bxs ... 1,300
Potatoes. «ks .. (i,»333! Onions, sks ... 103
AUSTRALIA.
Onions, cases... 1.4S0J j
Kent had* become delinquent; 150.000 shares
were sold, the greater amount of which was
bought In by the company and become* treas
ury stock. The assessment was paid on 250.-
OOO shares, the total number assessed beins
4OO.00O.
Twenty-Eight Oil Cdtnpany has Increased 1U
monthly dividend to 10 cents and will pay one
of this amount April 1. ¦
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. March 1*— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Blrf.Ask.1 Bid. Ask.
« qr coup..l07\MS% Us qr cp new. — 133^i
4s qr reg...lO«5 ; «4l07%i3s qr coup. .106% 107
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Al* A W 3s. — — JO T Co 63.119 —
Bay CPC Bs.101 102 | Do 5» . . .' — —
Cal C G 5s. — 1C4UI Do con 5a. — 102^
Cal G 4 E g Oceanic S 5s. — 73
m & ct 3s. — 01 Om Cable 6s. 123*4 —
Cal-st C 5a.ll6%117«4 Pac G Im 4s. — 96
C C Wat 5s. — 100V4IP E Ry 5s. 105% —
Ed L A P 6«.123 131 \p &. C H 6a.lftt%108Vi
F * C H 68.114 — |p 4 o R 6s.ll6 —
Geary-st 5s.. 45% 90 |Powell-st €s. — —
H C&S 5%s.l04 — (Sac EO&RSs. 89 100
• Do 5s — oo 100 sr ft sjv.ns.im; —
Hon R T 6s.lC6 . — Sierra R Cs.112% —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry Ss.112% — (l»0i» 1OB%IO7«4
L A L Co Cs — — (1910) 107*4103%
Do gtd 6». — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 59.103%; — 1 (19C5)Sr A.104m04%
LAP lem S».1C1%1C2H| (i90T.)Sr B.105V4 —
Mkt-st C 6H.116 — (19T.5) 107 10S
Do lem 5a. — 116 ! (1912) — 119
MV& MtTSs.104 111%ISPC 1 eg Rs.llS 11»
NRR of CGs.107 — | Do stmpd..l0S% —
Do 5s IIS41I:) SPUR fis.irw —
N P C R 8S.1C5 105%|S V Wat fis.irv* —
X C Ry Ss. — — I Do 4s 2dm. 0S% —
N C P C 5s. — * 100 I Do 4» 3dm. 99 —
N S R R 5s. — 100*4! Stkn G&Efis. — —
O G L&H 5s.lO6 — |U O& E5s. - 10«
O W gtd 5s. — 100 t
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 38 41 (Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — 62%! S V Wat Co. 39V; S9-%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP.— 3%!S F G A F!. 53^ 60
Mutual E L. — 11 |stkn G & E. 3 —
Pac L Co.. 554 — |U G & Co.. 27',i —
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES, j
S F G St E. — — I
INSURANCE.
FIrem's Fnd.310 345 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bit. — 123 ILP& A....132J4 —
Anglo-Cal .. — 80%)Mer Trust.... — 223
Bank of Cal.400 427%iMeren Ex.... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 |S F Nationl. —
First Nationl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS. ' A .
Ger S * L. — 2300 | Sav & L. So. — MO
Hum S 4 L. — — |Seo Sav Bk. — 430
Mutual Sav. 10O — Union T Co..— —
S F Sav U.625 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..195 20O [Presidio — 41
Geary — SO \
POWDER.
Giant 60 61%|Vlgorit 4 3
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 30c |Kllauea 8 C. 2<K 4
Hawaiian C. 46^4 — iMakaweli C. 21% 22
Honokaa S C 12% — Onomea S C. 21 27 >4
Hutch S P C 8% 9%!Paauhan S C. 13% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.139%13U>4 lOceanic S Co. 3
Cal F C A. 06% — |Pac Aux FA. 5 «
Cal Wine A. 91 — [Pao C Borx.187 163
MV& MtTm.100 — f
Morning Session.
Board —
10 California. Wln» Association... 91 50
35 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 48 50
183 Spring Valley Water Co 39 50
fl.Dtx) Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s.... 9!» 00
$1,000 N P C R R 5 per cent 105 0«>
I1.0UO Oakland Transit Co « per cent.119 50
$3,000 Oakland Transit Co 5 per cent,lll 00
Street —
50 Paanhau 8 P Co 13 50
25 S F Gas & Electric 5» 87%
10 Spring Valley Water Co 39 5O
$2,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 101 VO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers' Association... 139 25
5 Honokaa S Co 12 50
30 Hutchlnson S P Co J» Of)
60 Spring Valley Water Co 30 50
$10,000 Pac Electric Ry 5s, s 3 103 «2»£
Street —
$2,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent . . . . 1 l-°t 0O
J2.0CO Oakland Transit Co 5 per cent.lll 0O
$3,000 Oakland Transit Con 5 per cent.101 50
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. F Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC Gs.100 103 1 S P Co 4%s. 9H 99
B L Wat 6». — 12O I Sun Tel 6s. AVI —
Cal NW 5s. 111% — I Do 5s 102% —
SF Drdk 5s — 113%/,Futtr-st R3s.lft5 113
SF A NP 5s.lll%112 UR of SF 4s. 79% 80
S P C R 4s. — 100 I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co 23 23% I Nev Nat Ek.lS5 203
Cal Cot Mils. — 95 |X S R R Co. 9»4 —
C Jockey Cl. «1 1» N Cal P Co. 0% —
Cal Powder. 12O 140 Oak Bk Sav. 112% —
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I A T. — 127% IOOF Hall A. 8 —
Cen Bk Oak 03% — Orpheum Co. — 18%
Chutes Co ..7 8 Pac S Tel.. — 101
City 4 C Bk — 112 Paraf Paint. 33 —
East Dynm.150 250 8 F Drydock fpO —
FN Bk. Oak.l2O — SF&SJ Coal. 2O —
Fischer Thtr 1% — S J Wat Co. — 10« '
Frnch-A I5k.lO5 110 SO & MTgbt — 163
Gas Con A. 19% 21 Swlas-A Bk.113 —
Hono P Co.. 12% i:Jii' Truck Elect. 10 13
Lon& SF Bk — 60 I UR InC pfd. 44 —
Mat Nav Co. 60 S3 I Do com ... 0 —
Morning Session.
Street —
25 Pac States Tel & Tel Co 10O 5O
$4,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 79 5O
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$1,000 United R R of S P 4 per cent. 79 60
Street —
26 Pac States Tel & Tel Co 100 50
$1,000 United R R 01 S F 4 per cent. 7T> 50 .
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo < rt
Associated Trust Certificates. 20 22
A*tec SO
Caribou 2 15
Central Point Con 63 ....
Chicago Crude 2O ....
Claremont 50
Esperanza 2 2S
Four ; 63
Fulton 4 00
Giant 19 ••••
Hanford 140 00
Home 1 27ft 1 3«
Independence 11 '**
Junction - • 20
Kern 5 00
Kern River 13 00
Monarch (of Arlxona) 41
Monte Cristo 73 . 77»»
Occidental of W Va 13 V ....
OU City Petroleum 3«
Reed Crude 1 40 1 SO
Senator • ** 75
Sovereign • ...... 44 43
Sterling •• 3 OH
Thirty-three SCO
Toltec 19
Twenty-eight * BO 6 00
West Shore 2 60 2 73
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land 4 Imp • 1 30
Chutes Company ,... 75O
Fischer's Theater 123
Northern Cal Power 10 25
United Railroad Bonds 79 12% ....
SALES.
Mornlnir Session.
Board —
4100 Oil City Petroleum 35
R0a Apollo 4U
123 Kern Oil * OO
Afternoon Session.
Board — -,f J .
29.230 Oil City Petroleum 33
100 Oil City Petroleum S8
600 Home 1 3l»
5000 Associated Bonds 3
2094 Associated 2»
Mining Stocks. '
_____
SAN' FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following w*re the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
* .".v '¦'. Morning Session.
1C0 Andes 30} S0O Savage 00
100 Con C & Va.\ 83 300 Sierra Nev ..67
100 Justice ...I.. 08* 200 Sierra Nev .. €8
2fO Mexican 2 00| 100 Union Con .. W
3CO Mexican 2 M: 4CO Union Con .. M
100 Ophlr 5 0O| 100 Utah 2O
300 Fotosl 27! 5«O Yellow Jacket 37
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 49i 50O Savage SO
100 Confidence ..1 03! 200 Seg Belcher .. 10
100O Justice 0«j 200 Sierra Nev . . ««
200 Mexican 2 00j 200 Union Con .. M
5O OphlT 4 05| ICO Yellow Jacket 37
200 8avage 871
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pariflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Alpha Con . . CSI 200 Savage 83
400 Andes 2S1 100 Sierra Nev .. «T.
IOC* Chollar 20j 100 Sierra Nev .. «7
200 ChoUar ..... 211 ICO Sierra Nev .. <»
10O Con C 4 Va.l S5J ICO Union Con . . «3
400 Gould 4 Cur. 461 100 Union Con .. S4
200 Gould t Cur. 4"| IOO Utah 20
200 Justice C7[ 100 Utah 19*
100 Mexican 2 00} 100 Tellow Jacket VXt
150 Ophir 5 (m ICO Tellow Jacket 3.1
100 Savage S6| IOO Yellow Jacket 37
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes £>| 30 Ophlr 3 12v t
200 Best 4 Belch.2 15| 600 Potosl 27
NEW YORK, March 16.— The stock market
continued under the domination of the Northern
Securities case to-day and the movement of
prices was accepted as showing a considerable
short interest still remaining uncovered, as a
consequence of short sales made in anticipation
of the decision. Professional operations were
directed against the short interest and designed
to lift prices go as to make a profit out of the
DeccMlt/ of the unoowiwi contracts. There
were «;'>me commission houses which reached an
appreciable Increase in the outside demand for
etocks, but this was small and there was a
general agreement that the principal buying
was due to the closing up of bear storks. Part
ly as a cause, partly as an effect of the upward
tendency of prices, more cheerful views pre
vailed about the Stock Exchange. Much less
apprehension wag professed regarding the ulte
rior consequences to be looked for from the
conditions established by the Northern Securi
ties decision. There was not so much fear that
the railroad and Industrial organization gener
ally, which is the basis of the securities mak
ing up the Ftock market, was put in Jeopardy
under the ruling of the Supreme Court. This
sentiment was based partly on the belief that
it w<juld not be the policy of the administration
to push its power under the ruling t« an ex
treme, and ev»-n more so to a revised view of
the significance of the opinions of the Justices
themselves, based on the exceptions made by
Justice Brewer to the majority opinion. Wall
street to-day had read into this opinion the
probability that the majority of the Supreme
Court would not uphold the extreme scoi>e of
the ruling in the Northern Securities case In
another case where the reasonablen^Fe and ben
efit of a combination might be urged, even
though it should b<? in restraint of Interstate or
international commerce. Another decidedly fa
voring influence was the restored confidence
manitested in foreign stock markets. If there
I Is good ground for the confidence reported from
i Paris that the danger of entanglement of other
| lowers growing out of the present war has
been definitely averted our stock market would
be relieved of a threatening factor, equal in
imi>OTtjLnce to the Northern Securities case
itsi-lf. As the demand from the shorts became
satisfied the tendency of prices to drop became
more pronounced. I'nited States Steel pre
ferred iailed rather signally until just at the
last to reflect the improved condition in the
trade indicated by the advance in the prices for
eeveral lines of finished products.
The reactionary tendency of securities con
nected with the Northern Securities Company
was of sympathetic effect on the general mar
ket. The day's gains were largely wiped out
by the final hour and the closing was irregu
lar.
Bonds were irregnlar. Total sale?, $2,470,
000.
United States 2k advanced '-.. the 3s regis
tered, the old 4s registered and the new 4s
registered V t . the old 4s coupon % and the new
4s coupon '* per cent on call.
NKW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atehison 18.5C0 *M% GO GtPfc
Atehison pfd 900 -90U 89% 89V4
Baltimore & Ohio. 4S.7OO 77 7CV4 7t!%
Baltimore & O pfd. S7V4
Canadian Pacific ... 6.800 112% 111% 112Vi
Central of N J 155
Ches & Ohio 1.2O0 30% 30 % 30%
Chicago &. Altcn... 2,800 40 39 39%
Chicago & A pfd . . 200 61 8O',i SO^j
Chicago & G W.. 000 15 14T& 14ft
Chicago & N W .. 400 1»55 104% 1G4&
Chi. Mil & Et Paul 32,000 141% 14OJ4 141
Chi, M & Bt P pfd 176
Chicago T & T .... 100 S% 8% 9^
Chicago T & T pfd 100 20 20 20
C C C & St Louis. 100 75 75 71 Hi
Colorado So 2.000 1S»4 37% ln^.
Colorado So 1st pfd 300 55 544 54
Colo So 2d pfd .. 1,100 2314 24 Vi 23
Delaware & Hudson 1,300 152^ 151 151
Del. Lack & West 260
Denver & R G 19
Denrei & R G pfd. 200 «i7*£ 67% , 67'i
Erie 50.200 2« 24*4 25
Erie 1st pfd 8.60O «4'i 0.!% ttf&i
Eria 2d pfd 6.600 419* 40'4 40^
Hocking Valley 72^
Hocking Val pfd... 500 , 80 7S4 78
Illinois Central ... 1.4C0 128 12«»* 127
Iowa Central 18
Iowa Central pfd... 500 37Vi 35- 37
Kansas City So.*. 18
Kanfax City So pfd 3.'{?i
Louisville & Nash. 2.4«*) 104^4 lra^ lOsy*
Manhattan L 2.00O 142>£ 141% 142
Metropol Securities. 100 77>j 77Vi 70
Metropol St Ry 10,500 10S«4 107^ 107%
Minneap & St L 57'
Minn SIP &SS M... .200 OHJ G0'4 W%
M, StP&PS M pfd- 100 119% 11»% UO^
Missouri Pacific .. 13.800 00% S9>£ W%
Mo, Kane & Texas 600 17»£ 17% 17V
Mo, Kans & T pfd. ' 400 3S»/j :ts Vi 37>2
Nationl RR of Mex MK) 38 37 »i 37'
N T Central 3,200 110 115 115%
Norfolk & Western. 3,200 57',4 W\% 56'.,
Norfolk * W pfd. 200 80 89 84'
Northern Securities 89
Ontario & Western. 4.2O0 20»i 20% 2OV4
Pennsylvania 74,400 114% 114'i 114%
PIltsbtr.ee & St L. 100 Cl 61 CO
Reading 13,«O0 42 41% 41 M
' Reading 1st pfd 300 78% 77% 78Vi
; Reading 2d pfd ' 67iZ
Rock Island Co 14,400 21% 20U 20%
Rock Island Co pfd 1,500 Cl^- OO^J Cl
j St L & 6 F 2d pfd I ...'. 4214
1 Ft Lculs S W .... f>00 14 1.T& 14
I Bt Louis K W pfd. 100 34 34 33 Vi
Southern Pacific .. 44.HOO 45% 4414 44%
Southern Railway . f,,7nn 2»% 20% 20%
fio Railway pfd... J.700 84 8:1% 83%
Texan & Pacific... 2.700 23% 25% 23»a
Tol.StL A W pfd.. 200 .-J4',(, 34 »i 34«
Vnion Pacific .... 50.4U0 75% 74% 74%
inlon Pacific pfd sc'i
I Wabash 1,300 1« 1S% 18%
I Wabash pfd 6,700 35% 34% 35%
Wheel & Lake E. Wrf) lfl.% Ki . 1«2
Wisconsin <>n .... l<!0 l.S^ lR«i- IS
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 200 41% 41% 40
Express Companies —
Adams 200 225 225 223
American ¦ jgj
I'nited States io:{
Wells-Fargo .... 203
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper. .224,300 47% 40% 4C T 4
Am Car & Found.. 300 20 io4i 19U
Am Car & F pfd.. 300 71 70% 70
Am Cotton Oil .'. . 29
Am Cotton Oil pfd j>g
American Ice...... 500 7-% 7% 7%
American Ice pfd.. 1,300 29% 29 29
Am Linseed Oil... 400 9 Mi s:u
Am Linseed Oil pfd 28%
Amer Locomotive.. 1,600 22H 22 22
Amer Loco pfd 500 82% 82Vi 82«
Am Smelt & Ref.. 2.000 48ft 47% 47%
Am S & Ref pfd.. 2,300 D2 ftl oi-ii
Amer Sugar Ref... 8,100 12.*>»i 124% 124%
Anaconda MlnCo.. 20Q «4% ti4% C2
Rrklyn Rap Trans. 41,300 42%- 41 jj 4 i«/
Colo Fuel &. Iron.. 00') 2»% 29- 2»
Consolidated Gas... 1.000 1!»4 1D3 ll»2 s i
Corn Products 4,800 13% 13% 13%
Corn Products pf 0 . '. ' : . . . . «7 '
Distillers' See*.... 100 23 ,23 23%
General Electric... 600 104^ JC3 ltfJU
Nav York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, March 16. — Closo— Money on
call was easy, all loans at l-\ per cent; closing
offered at 1% per cent; no bid.
Time loans were easy. Sixty days. 3@3% per
cent; ninety Jays. X'tii'+i per cent; six months,
3\fi4'.i per cent.
l'rime mercantile paper. 4>i'35 1 ,i per cent.
Sterling exchange was firm, with actual
business In bankers' bills at $4.b«50S4.Sts5
for demand and at $4.S110g4.S415 for sixty
day bills.
Posted rates. $4 S4^@4 85 and $4 87%f
4 SS.
Commercial bills, $i SSTi^ 84.
Bar rilver. 5C 7 «,c.
Mexican dollars. 44 'jC.
Bonds — Government, strong; railroads, ir
regular.
New York Money Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The Snaricial situation eeeras to b« looking
better all over th« world. The war haa been
pr«tty well discounted, and as already men
tioned, is having little effect anywhere. Ad
vice* yesterday through the local brokerage
house of Mitchell. Mulcaiy & Co. reported the
«tntltteut la Wail street bullish, with stocks
firm, but cotton lower. The bond business
has gradually been, getting better, and If the
riulroada be«ln to tell their bonds it will
r .ike business better throughout the country.
The. general feeling on the European bourse*
wu Improving, in sympathy with mere con
fident and buoyant financial situations at
Parti and Berlin. London was bullish on
American* and dealt actively in them.
Wine Exports in February.
In February the exports ct Wine from San
Francisco by sea were as follow* :•
To— Gallons. Cases. Values.
Mexico 8,736 76 $3,504
Central America 4.28S 117 2.W2
J'aj-.ama 7.811 ... 2.375
Colombia. 1.745 27 i<77
Ucuaior 300 . . . 120
Jeru 456 ... 22S
Hawaiian Islands 14.2S2 SO 6.490
l'-rltlsh Columbia 1.6US 83 1.22s
Tahiti 710 ... 21>9
fanioan Islands 00 ... 55
New Zealand 6 30
Chira 1.37S 2 5*~0
Japan 11,423 ... 3.554
Pblllrrlr-e Islands .. 378 20 2;>6
Kast Indies 434 ...
Germany 1"» 7 142
•Cftfiaia 27 ... 11
New York 2C5.C51 ... S8.S31
Totals 319.42G 427 $111,743
In February. 1003, the exports were 44G,€32
pallone and 1«7 oa.se*. valued at $143.SS1. In
that month 37K.254 gallops went to New York
end 31,005 gallons and l.'JtJ cases to the Ha
valian Islands.
Money and Stocks.
Henry Clews says in his New York circular:
••The stock market teems to ' have fallen
Into a etate of coma. Now that liquidation is
complete a period of exhaustion ha* apparent
ly set in, the most natural remedy for which
¦will I* the rest cure. Commission houses are
yracticaliy bare of stocks- traders fear to take
the ehort side of the market and find no par
ticular inducements on the long side, while
the big leaders w ho u« carrying the ' stocks
tre evidently waning for more favorable con
ditions before undertaking any ntw activities,
l.'r.der such circumstances dullness is inevita
ble.
"A favorable feature in the financial situa
tion is the continued ea*e in money. Funds
are abundant and the surplus reserve, which is
larger than for several years at this time.
row Ftands at $32.OiXi,u<«>. compared with only
JWO.OOO a yt-ar ago. National back circula
tion is expanding with unusual rapidity, the
increase for February being $3,4Wi.ow and the
increase for the last twelve months $47,50o,
? iiuu. With call money at present low rates
4>nd rood bonds eometim.es selling on a 5 per
Beat basis, while not a few good stocks are
t^lliryj on almost a 6 i>er cent level, there <a
not much chsnee for further depression. Ths
chief, trouble with the market now i* lack of
buying j>o»er, due to exhaustion. Other hln
irsncee are the Presidential campaign, the
cutties of rates by the Eastern trunk lines
and the proei>eets of further issues by the lat
ter for contemplated improvements. A drop \>f
n;ore than $ll,5on.<xK> in February exports (or
J12.a00.O00 In cotton and breadstuffs alone)
va also a significant feature. The general
trueiat«* situation, however. Is sound, and time
should bring about a natural recovery. Im
provement in the iron trade is a satisfactory
feature, and the declines in railroad earning*
eeem chiefly due to the severe winter. It
°must be admitted that some reaction has been
experienced in business, but as spring ap
proaches and tran«x>rta.ticn facilities improve
there ehould b* a revival of activities. Mean
while, vaiues may ea« temporarily, but tha
movement in the long run is more likely to be
cpward than downward when so many securi
ties can be bought below intrinsic values."
Tone of the Bourses.
and holders are firmly supporting prices, which
remain unchanged.
Western sacked, $1 37%@1 40 for Yellow.
$1 35®1 37 ¥V -for White and $1 30 for Mixed;
Calfornia large yellow, $1 4O@l 45; small
round do, $1 4501 60; White. $1 37%@i 42%
per ctl; Egyptian. $1 45@1 50 for white and
l$l 27%@1 30 for brown.
RYE— $1 30@l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
.. Flour and Millsiuffs.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy. $4©4 25; Buckwheat
Flour '$4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; AVhole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled
Oats bbls. $7 25@8 60; in sacks. $6 75®8 10:
Pearl Barley $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Local Hay dealers report that an agent of
the Japanese Government is In the mar
ket asking for quotations on BOO and possibly
i 1000 tons. One house has already cabled quo
tations on 500 tons to Japan. This, : In con
nection with the Government call for bids on
23S2 tons, mentioned yesterday. Imparts a
strengthening tone to the market and offsets
the weakening influence of the recent rains.
The steamer Algoa took out for Manila yester
day 60,800 bales, valued at $51,000.
. The weekly circular of Somers & Co. says:
"The Hay market continues In a rather slug
i glsh condition owing to the continued wet
i weathtr, which interferes with the handling
: of Hay and tends to keep buyers from the
• mcrket. Receipts continue quite^ - plentiful,
¦ however, the total for the week Just ended
! amounting to 2500 tons, in comparison with
; 2800 ions for the week preceding. Nothing
j new ha« developed in the line of outside de
\ mand or foreign shipment, so the market at the
i present writing- Is decidedly dull. Inquiries con
¦ tlnue to come in from the Orient and several
I agents for the. Japanese Government have been
I carefully investigating the Hay situation here.
! so that it would seem that something would
result from It all in the not very distant
future Most of the dealers are complaining
of the slack local trade, but this should nat
urally improve as soon as the weather clears.
"Crop prospects continue most encouraging,
and from pretent indications we will have one
of the heaviest yields of Hay throughout the
State for several years.
"Choice wheat Hay has not been In as quite
plentiful supply of late, the majority of the
anivals being very good Brade. Good tame
oat is offered quite freely also, although it was
1 predicted some little time ago that this grade
j of Hay would disappear from the market quite
early. To summarize we would state that, al
though quotations have not materially declined.
, yet we find that occasionally concessions have
- to be made to effect sales."
There Is no further change In Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $19<ff20 per ton. ,
MIDDLINGS— $27 50@29 per ton. .
SHORTS— $19<02O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Roiled Barley. $23 50024 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2ft 50^31:
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. S-.>2g;23; Corn
1 Meal $29 50@30 50: Cracked Corni $3O®31;
Mlxpd Feed. ?22<g23: Horse Beans. $.W3>
: 40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed, 00c per ctl.
I HAY— Wheat. S14S 17 ?>0; Wheat and Oat.
' $14®16 50; Oat. $14 50® 10: Wild Oat. $i::«J15:
I Barley ' $13015; Stock, nominal — none here;
Alfalfa. $12^13 50. _ - . •
STRAW— S0@70c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The current situation in Beans is about as
follows: The Russian Government Is buying
heavily in Europe, which has checked Importa
j tions of German Beans at New York, where
supplies are greatly reduced. The Michigan
market Is also largely depleted and has lately
advanced 15c per bushel. These conditions
ought to strengthen this market, but they are
offset by the recent rains, which greatly im
prove the crcp prospects, hence the net result
is a stRnd-off. Prices show no further change.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 2593 50; Pea. $3@:i 25;
Butters $3 6O©3 75: small White $;©3 15;
large White. 92 ti5S2 75; Pink. $:t 20ff:; :15;
Red $4 50(f?5; Lima, $3 20@3 :15; P.ed Kidneys.
$4 50^5; Blackeye. $2 l.">©2 20 per ctl; Horae
Beans $2@2 50.
FEEDS — Brown Mustard. 53 7504; Yellow
Mustard. $:iig':t 25; Flax $1 8001 00; Canary.
5%&5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. I4@14%c; Rape,
! Hi«r2c; Timothy. «©6%c; Hemp. 3S£03%c per
- lb: Millet. o©3%c : Broom Corn Seed. $20©21
1 per ton.
j DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $2 25ft 2 00 per ctl.
j Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The best offerings of table Potatoes were
steady unuer a good demand and comparatively
light supplies, but low-grade offering, which
constituted the bulk of supplies, were weak at
unsteady rates. Seed .kinds continued to meet
j with a steady demand. Sweets were ! well
I cleaned up, and as there are no more expected
I bsfors Monday choice lots were llrmly held
! at the previously quoted rate. There were no
; further - declines In yellow Onions, but the
; market was weak, particularly for Oregon
1 stock, which was In tree supply. The recent
' arrivals of Australia were sold from Hrst hands
| at .$:{ 25Q3 M oer cental. They will be held
j for shlpninj at high prices,
I Asparagus n:led ttrm at the outside quota
j tions durins the early trade, as tha principal
I river boat was late. Prices receded, however,
i uron the arrival of the belated boat and the
j market closed rather weak, with quite a quan
| tlty unsold. The receipts ag&regated over 7U0
I bores. .Receipts of Rhubarb were 500 boxes,
j and. although the demand was light, prices
I were maintained, as nearly all of the stock
! was purchased from the Growers" Association
at the inside quotation. Several dealers cleaned
i up at cost. Changes in the other vegetables
I were slight.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. $1®
1 20 oer ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 25(gl 40
per ctl: River Reds. $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed, fOc«i*l per cti;
I Garnet Chiles $1 10@l 20 per ctl; Early Rose.
I $1 iQiil W per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $2 75
per ctl; new Potatoes 3@3%c per lb.
ONIONS— Yellow, $2 25^:2 00 per ctl for Or
egon and $2 75@2 S5 for Nevada n; Green
Onions, 50@C0c ;>er box.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 10@12%c per lb
for extra, SifflOc for No. 1 and 5(§7e for No. 2:
Rhubarb. $L'fi2 25 i>er box: Green Peas. 3@oc
per lb for Lo« Angeles and 5@7c for bay;
j String Beans, 12%@iric per lb: Tomatoes. >1@
j 1 50 per box or crate for Los Angeles and
$1 25@1 75 for Mexican; Summer Squash from
Los Angeles. $1 2o(fft 50 per box; Cabbage,
$1 10 per ctl; Carrots, 50c per sack;
Hothouso Cucumbers, $1@1 50 per dozen;
Garlic. 6@fc"c ' per lb; Egg Plant. 15@2Cc
per lb; Dried Peppers. 5<S8c per lb for Stock
ton 10@12%c for southern; Dried Okra,
10@12%c per lb; Green Peppers, 15Jr20c per
lb; Mushroom*, 20i5?30c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash. I@ll4c per lb; Hubbard, %c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
The fourth car of Western Poultry for the
week was on sale and sold off fairly at good
prices. Another car falls due to-day. . The
market for domestic was in good shape for
sellers, the demand being steady, particularly
for young stock. Game arrivals were light and
all descriptions stood as previously quoted.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lB@18c per lb:
Geese, per pair, $2@2 25; Goslings, $2i&2 25;
Ducks, $5 50ft tj 50 per dozen for old and SH 5o«ji
7 50 for young; Hens. $0 5O@7 50 for large and
$5 50@<i for small; young Roosters. $« 50®7 50:
old Roosters. $5@5 50; Fryers, $5 50@6; Broll
ers % $5®5 60 for large and $4 50@5 for small;
Pigeons $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25
62 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Gray Geese, $3 per dozen; V»iite
Geese. $1@1 25; Brant $1 50 for email and $2
for large; Honkers. $i@5; English Snipe, $3 50;
common Snipe. $1 fiO; Wild Pigeons, $1 50;
Rabbits. $1 50^2 for Cottontails and $1@1 25
for Brush; Hare. $1(3)1 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There was more Butter on the market yes
terday and trade was quieter, as the urgency
of the demand hail been satisfied on Monday.
Prices remained unchanged. .
The trade continue to quote a dull and over
stocked Cheese market at previous prices.
The only change in Eggs was a decline of
%c In store descriptions. Reports as to prices
being paid In the country by speculators are
conflicting, but ai far as can be learned they
are paying more than the same Eggs will bring
net on the San Francisco market. This condi
tion confuses the situation here and puts the
market In unsatisfactory, shape. The country
producer wants at least as much for his Eggs
in San Francisco as the speculators are paying
In the country, and If he does not get it there
is dissatisfaction. But the speculator wants
the Eggs and will get them even if he has to
pay over the San Francisco quotations for
them.
Receipts were 44,700 lbs Butter, 1631 cases
Eggs and 21,M)0.1bs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands 21%©
22c for . extras, 20@21c for firsts and lS@19c
for seconds; dairy, 15«?20c; store Butter, nom
inal ; : cold storage. 20@21c for extras. 1SQ19C
for seconds and lC@18c for ladle-packed.
CHEJ-jBE — SVitJOc for good to choice new
and-7t$Se for. lower grades; Young , Americas.
9%@10c; Eastern. 15@16c; Western, 14@15c
per lb. • ,.
KGGS— Ranch, 17®lSc; atore, 15@16c per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
RecelptB of Oranges were heavy, aggregating
13 cars, but despite the heavy receipts and the
threatening weather the market held up well,
as the prevailing low prices seemed to stimu
late the demand, particularly among peddlers
and ' small retailers. , who were purchasing
freely, thus preventing any further accumula
tion of supplies. There was some Inquiry for
fancy lots for shipment to near-by towns and
to Puget Sound ports, and the greater part of
a car of extra fancy Redlands fruit that was
offered at' auction was bought for shipment
to Sacramento. Business In the auction rooms
was- fair, although there was not -much cfcm
petition: among bidders. Nine cars were told
a« follow? : Extra fancy Redlands. $2 15 for
i>tis and 112s and .$1 25©1 65 for the othex
sites; ordinary fancy, $1 10®l 30; choice. 40c?p
$1 10; standard. ."55®8Oc. A considerable por
- tton of the offerings of . standards were poor.
International Paper 300 12 11% 11
Interntl Paper pfd 64
International Pump 35%
Interntl Pump pfd 74
National Lead 100 15 15 14%
North American... 300 S4*J R.">% S:i%
Pacific Mall 200 26»i 2e>-i 26
People's Gas 8,500 90% 95% tt5Ts
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 29% 29% 20
Pressed S Car pfd 70
Pullman Pal Car 208
Republic Steel 700 7% 7% TYt
Republic Steel pfd 42%
Rubber Goods 500 19 19 lfc% 1
Rubber Goods pfd 70 j
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3,500 39% 39 38
U S Leather 500 7>4 7 « T -4 I
V S Leather pfd... COO 78- 77%- 77% I
U S Realty ?>.... CVi
U S Realty pfd 2.S0O 47% 4G% 40%
U S Rubber 300 12% 12% 12
U S Rubber pfd... 300 50% 50V4 50
U S Steel 8.200 11% in* 11%
U S Steel pfd 31,700 87% 56% 57%
Westinghouse Elec. 1.10O 1C0 160 159%
Western Union 200 89 89 Ss% •
Total sales 593.700 shares. !
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO, i
NEW YORK. March 16. — Bond transactions •
of United Railroads of San Francisco: 31,000 1
at $7U. j
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid, $4 12%; asked, $137%. Pre- :
f erred— IJid, $3u; asked, $39 75.
NEW YORK BONDS. !
V S ret 2s rtg..lOO !l & N unified 4s. &9 '
Do coupon 105% | Man con gold 4«.103% j
Do as reg lCtfftJMex Cent 4s 65
Do coupon 10ti%i Do 1st inc 13
Do new 4s reg.li;2%IMlnn & St L 4«.. 0»
Do coupon 132%jM. K & Ttx 4s.. 97% !
Do old 4s res.lC6%| bo 2ds 77 . !
Do coupon lOS.'/ilNR of Hex con 4s 75
Atch gen 4s 100%|N Y C gen 3%s.. 97%
Do adj 4s fcS-"-4|N J C gen 5s 129
Atlantic C L 4?. 01%|Nor Pac 4s ......103
Bal & Ohio 4s...l01'i| Do 3s 71
Do 3%s 93 v4 1 Nor & W con 4s. i)"i%
Central of Ga 5s.lu5 |OSL 4s & partlc. 91%
Do 1st inc »55%jPa conv 3%s 95%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01 I P.eading gen 4s... 95%
Chi & Alton 3>-\3. 73%| SL. & 1M con 68.113%
C. B & Q new 4s. 02»i!SL & S F fg 4s. 81%
C.M & SP gen 4s.lO7 |St Louis SW lsts. 9.1%
C & NW con 7s. 129 Vw I Seaboard AL 4s. 69-
C. R I & Pac 4s. C9?i I So Pac 4s.; 8S%
Do col :,s 77%! So Railway 5s 112%
C.C.C & SLg?n 4s 99 |Tcx & Tac lets.. 116
Chi Term 4fc 80 |T. St L & W 4s.. C9Vi
Cons Tobacco 4s. 57T(«|UnIon Pac 4s 103%
Colo & So 4s . 84 '41 Do conv 4s 00
Colo F & I 5s... 70 |U S Steel 2d 5s.. 73
Den & Rio O 4s. «7%|Wabash lsts 115%
Erie prior lien 4s. 97 j Do deb B 6OV4
Do gen 4s S4%;W & L Erie 4s... 86%
F W & D C lsts.KUHiWis Cent 4s 89%
Hocking Val 4%s.l01%|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con lOJOntario 4 00
Alice 25! Ophlr 4 75
Breece 10J Phoenix 00
Com Tunnel .... 07|Potosi 23
Con Cal & Va... 1 70| Savage t-'O
Horn Silver .....\1 25: Sierra Nev CO
Iron Silver 175ifc'mall Hopes 20
Loadville Con ... 02! Standard 2 tt)
Little Chief 0C|
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel Hid
Call loans 2%@1 | Do pfd MVi
Time loans ...4%<g'5% Westing Common. 7S
Bonds — Mining —
Atehison 4s 9SM Adventure 2
Do adj 4s 88 | Allouez r.^S.
Railroads — JAmal Copper 4t>»4
Atehison fiC'ilAmer Zinc JU,
Do pfd 89%|At)antIc s
Boston & Albany.243 lliinjrhnm I9i',
Boston & Malne.105 jCalumet & Hecla.449
Uopton Elev MS M'entennlal 10%
Fitchburg pfd 130 ! Copper Rnnge 40'H
Mex Central 10%|Daly West ."JOli
N Y, NH & H..190 [Dorn Coal 55 "
Pore Marquette.. 78 jl-'ranklin ~%
! T'nion Pacific ... 74%:Grancy 314
Miscellaneous — I IfIc Royale 7'i
Araer Arge Chem. 12*ij Michigan 4 »J
Do pfd 71 I Mohawk 33 V,
Amer Pneu Tube. 414! Mont Coal & C 2'A
Amer Sugar 124141 Old Dominion .. nu
Do pfd 124 [Osceola 5(j"
Amer Tel A- Tel. 122 t Parrot 22
Amer Woolen lO^ilQuincy rt
Do pfd 75% Shannon • 71/,
Dom Iron & S.. 8'4|Tamarack 00 "
Kd Elect Ilium... 234 4 Trinity 41;
Gen Electric 1*15 \U S Mining 21
Mass F.lectrlc lsH''? S Oil 8X
Do pfd 72 (Utah ..;..'. 7}V 4
Mass Gas 38 (Victoria r, "
T.'nlted Fruit f>9 |Winona 514
I-'n Shoe Mach... 4fi I Wolverine 70'i;
Do pfd 28%!
London Closing Stocks. '
Ccns for money.. s0%!x Y Central 11Si%
Do for acct.SC 13-10! Nor & Western.. 5S
AnacomJa 354! Do pfd SO
Atehison W»% I Ont & Western . . 21 H
Do pfd «2U| Pennsylvania 5S"<,
Bal & Ohio 78%! Rand Mines 914
Can Pacific 115% I Reading 21 U
Ches & Ohio 31 | Do l«t pfd :\o
Chi Great Wept. 15>i' Do 2d pfd ?s«i
Chi. Mil & St P. 145 I So Railway 21 14
De Beers 19% I Do pfd sfi
Den & Rio G 20 | So Pacific 40%
Do pfd 70 I Union Pacific 70V,
Erie 2C«-',I Do Tifd fiftU
Do 1st pfd «5%IU S Steel ' 1 1 r<
Do 2d pfd 40 j Do pfd .... .%<?%
Ill Central Ml |Wnba?h ifti,'.
Louis & Nash... 107 ! Do pfd 33U
M K & Texas... 18 j
Bar silver — Steady 2GUd per ounce
Money— 2U@2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 3 1-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 3@3 1-10 per cent.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, March 10.— The cotton market
closed steady at a net decline of 20@57 points.
A T ezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, March 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14.2C0 barrels; exports, 33.M0 barrels. Dull
WHEAT— Receipts. 11,700 bushels; exports,
4750 bushels. Spot, easy: No. 2 red, $1 02 ele
vator; No. 2 red. $1 04421 09 f. o. b., atloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 CS% f. o. b.. afloat:
No. 1 Northern Manitoba, nominal. Report*
of rain In Kansas precipitated a general vio
lent break in wheat to-day, whereby July
declined nearly 2c per bushel. The May loss
was somewhat lens. Liquidation and more con
fident short selling attended the break, and
la^t prices showed l*>,4?2c net decline. May
closed at $1 C0>4: July closed 90%c; Septem
ber closed 87 13-16c.
HOPS — Easy.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining, 3c; cen
trifugal. BC tm. 3%e; refined, firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet; mild, steady.
The Coffee future market closed steady at
unchanged prices to a decline of 5 points.
Sale*. Xa.OfiO bass. Including May. 5.45c; July,
r>.70e; September. 5.4.*>if?(i.C0c; December, C^O'S
0.30c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues fairly active and firm, with prime held
at 5%c— in rome instances a little higher.
Common. 4(ff5V4c; prime, 5%e; choice, CgO'-ic
fancy, 7«7%c.
PRUNES — Spot Prunes attracted a steady
demand of a hand to mouth character, but
there are no large ltits moving and the gen
eral tone of ths market is easy. Quotations
range from 3%c to <iVic, according to grade
APRICOTS— Arc quiet, but remain firm as
to prices. Choice are quoted at !)'>@10c; ex
tra choice at 10U<?J 10%c, and fancy at 10V4
Q13c. "
PEACHES — Are attracting some attention
in a Jobbing way and rule about stendy. - Choice
are quoted nt is%i?I7Uc: extra choice at 7%@
8c. and fancy at 9%gi0c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. March 1«.— Tin was a little
higher in London. »<;iot there advancing 7b «d
to £120 2s Cd, while future* were 10s higher
at £12<(. Locally tin was quiet and without
material change at J27 75^28 10.
Copper advanced 2s Od and closed at £r>7 5s
for Kpot and at £50 5s for futures in the Lon
don market. Locally topper remains un
changed. Lake l» quoted at $12 50igl2 75;
electrolytic and casting at $12 37%ft;l2 62%.
Lead, unchanged In both markets, closing
at $4 «0@4 05 in New York and at £11 18a :)d
In London.
Spelter was unchansed locally at S."ifjr5 10,
but declined 2s Od to £21 17s Cd In London.
Iron closed at 51s 4d In Glasgow and at 42s
0d in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was steady
on Northern foundry grade*. No. 1 Northern
foundry. ?15@15 50; No. 2 foundry Northern.
$14 50<S15; No. 1 foundry Southern and No. 1
foundry Southern soft, $13 50014.
Gas and Electric declares a dividend of $i 25.
Better feeling on the foreign bourses.
New York Stocks firm, but Cotton lower.
Local Stock markets inactive.
Slight advance in Silver. No change in Exchange.
IV heat quiet and unchanged. Barley still rising.
Oafs, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Bean market in fair condition, but quiet here.
Japanese agents here looking for Hay.
No further change in Bran and Feedstuff s.
Potato market liberally supplied and steady.
Onions firm. Vegetables continue in good supply.
Poultry and Game show no change.
Oranges in heavy receipt, but selling well.
Butter in better supply. Cheese still a drug.
Speculators paying more for Eggs in the country than here.
Xo further change in Provisions.
Red and White Lead advance y z c per pound.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
greatly needed. Owlnsr to the bearish factors
there was a teneral selling movement at the
opening. Hay being ViSl&e lower,,at 07®O7'4c
July was down %9%c, at 92%@92%c. Offer
lnise fouJid few purchasers, and as the session
advanced prices steadily v declined. The ex
treme weakness In Southwestern markets
seemed to confirm opinions that the end of
the drouth in the winter- wheat belt was In
eight. A big decline at Kansas City brought
out increased sales from pit traders and caused
further recession In prices. The principal
trading 1 was in the July delivery, which also
showed the greatest loss. Occasionally the
market would rally slightly In response to
buyinsr by commission houses, but the flrm
n<sa-waf> fhort-llved. The low point of the
day was reached just prior to the close, when
May touched 9«5W.e and July 90%c. Final fig
ures on May were 0G%c. July closed at 00%C.
A sharp break occurred In corn as a result of
the decline in wheat, the weakness in the lat
ter market stimulatine- an aggressive selling
movement. The closo found the market almost
at the low level. May opened >£@%c lower,
at 54{JMVic and closed at 53V6<g5.J 1 ,ic July
closed at nO^fcuO^c— l»£«il%c lower.
' Oats followed the load of other grains. May
closed nenr the bottom, at 40%c, and July at
3S%®3S%c.
The weakness that developed In provisions
was due to the early selling by commission
houses. The break in grain prices and a heavy
run of hers, with lower prices at the yards,
were the inuln factors. May pork clo«d 17Hi
©20c lower: May lard 10@12^c lower, and
May ribs 12^c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 97V4 »"*i 06% 00%
i July (old) W; 04 «2 92 V4
! July (new) 02% 02% 90% 90**1
Sept (old) 87% 87% 80 8tj !
j Sept (new)..... fMYi W* S4% 84*4 j
i MayT. .^.TTT. -54% B*Vi . 53VJ ; 03% j
j July 52 52 50% 50% j
; September 01 Vh 51tt 50 50. i
! Oats No. 2— ' ¦ ' '
I May.. 40%.,,; 41 40 40%
July Sl> 391& 3S% 3S% j
I September • 33% 33%.. 33V4 33% I
Mess Pork, V>er bbl — '
! May ....13 S7% 13 00 13 77% 13 82% I
July 14 10 14 12% 14 02% 14 05
Lard, per ICO 1bs—
May ;.... 7 22% 7 22% 7 10 7 15
July 7 40- 7 40 7 25 7 30
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — .
May ........... 7 17% 7 17% 7,07% ' T 10"
July 7 27% 7 27% 7 20 7 22%
Cash Grain and Provisions. .
CHICAGO, March 16.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, quiet and steady; No. 3 spring ,
wheat. 88Q l 88tto: No. 2 red. J»5%(g99c; No. 2 j
corn, 51V4c; No. 2 yellow, 52VJc; No. 2 oats, I
¦30Uc- No. 3 white, 41«43e; No. 2 rye, 72c; I
good feeding barley, 3"7<S>4Oc: fair to choice I
malting, 4U@55c; No. 1 Haxseed. $1 10; No. 1 '
Northwestern, $1 10; prime timothy seed, $3 05;
mm perk, per barrel, $13 75£13 87%; lard, per
100 pounds, $C95@7; .short ribs fides (loose),
|$0S7%@7: short clear sides (boxed). $7 25@
7 37%; whisky, basis of high wines, $128;
clover, contract grade. $1125. . . . ... -
Articles^ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 81.100 52.400:
Wheat, bushels 72,500 37,500
Corn, bushels 189,600 13H,$00
Oats, bushels 467,100 207,800
Ilye bushels 22,000 6,*00
Barley, bushels 229,000 S3.S0O
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, March 16.— On the Produce Ex- i
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 14-92.1 %c; dairies. ViViQilc. Eggs,
eafcy at mark, cases Included, 15%©10c.
Cheese, easy, 10%@llc.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. March 1C— CATTLE— Receipts.
23,000 head; market steady to slow; gcod to
prime steers. $5 23^5 SO; poor to medium,
$.'{ 50g3; stoefcers and feeders, $2 50 @4 30;
cowp, $1 i'WiA; heifers, • $2^4 50; canners,
1 fl v,U$t2 . r .O: "bulls. $204; calves, $3@0 25;
Texas fed steers. ?4®4 60.
¦ HOGS — Receipts to-day :'.2,000 head. tQ
j morrow, oO.WiO head; market !»c lower; mixed
• and hiitchirs, J5 50®S S3; good to choice heavy,
I $5 BfiipS U5; rough heavy, ?5 3CSD 50; light,
i ?l s,"'(75 .'>0; bulk of tales. ?5 3.1(g:5 45.
SHEEP — Receipts, 20,000 head; sheep steady
to stronic: Inmb3 steady; good to choice
wethors, <4 25'&5; fair to choice mixod, »U uO
1 ffii 25; western she»i>. *:! 5(J@5; native lambs,
! SMES 00; western lambs, $4 o(K(j5 76.
Miscellaneous Markets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1004.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
CHICAGO. March 10.— From the start the
sentiment In the wheat pit to-day was bearish.
The Initiative for the feeling of depression
which 1-wrroe.ated the day's tradlngr was the
unresponsive tone of Liverpool cables, the for
eign market btinK barely steady; notwith
standing the sharp advance here yesterday.
The comparative weakness abroad ¦ was - em
phaslzrd by predictions of rain or snovr
throughout the Southwett, where moisture - is
Future Grain and Provisions.
U20tb Meridian — Pacific Time)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 16. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
6— te, ee compared with these of the same
£ate last season, and the rainfall In the last
twecty-tour hour»:
U«t This Last
Stations*— 24 hours. Season. Season
Eu«>» -- Trace 48.65 47.18
R*C Bluff ........ ..O.00 24 €3 **1 1"
eaeramento 0.00 12.44 13 # 3»
Ban Francisco Trace 15.59 15. 04
Fresno 0.00 4.62 6 f.5
Independence o.OO 1.76 1 fc2
6an L/uls Oblitpo 0.00 10.04 14 47
Jjoa Angeles 0.00 4.S5 10 (f
San Diego 0.06 2.C8 9.72
THE COAST RECORD.
5 *5» H3 5:" --» ?
3 «i ti <i <-• 2
B 53 32 52 H 2.
STATIONS. J *| *2 := jf »
: I I j~ : ?
Baker 29. &4 42 24 FE Cloudy 00
On>on 29.S2 52 28 fcW Cloudy 'oo
Kureka ».« 60 42 S Cloudy co
Farailon 30.03 4U iS SW Rain "ej ¦
Flagstaff 29. SS 54 24 PW Pt Cldy no
•1'resno 3't.OO C4 42 s\V Omdy '00
Independence. 20.1HJ C4 40 R13 Cloudy "00
Los AcR-lcs....'M>.06 C4 52 F\V Cloudy "on
Mt.Tarralpals 30.02 41 37 8YV Rain T
North Head ..29.fil 4C 36 S Cloudv <ni
I'hocnlx 29. *8 7G M XW Cloudy *oo
Pocateilo SO. 00 48 24 5H Rsln T
Point Reyes. .29. 97 51 45 £ na!n ' .vi
JVrtland 29. Mf M 34 £ Cloudy 00
K<*1 Bluff 30.00 52 4C S Cloudy 'oo
HoxelmrR 23. SO 5«{ :t4 SW Cloudy .00
Sacramento . .:«0.C2 T.I 4S 8 \ Cloudy "on
Bait Lake . .23.08 52 20 NW Cloudy 'oo
Fan Diego ....3it. 04 €2 54 W Cloudy '00
Seattle ZS.flO 4S 3ft W Pt.Cldy 0o
Fpokant 23. 9S 4K 24 N Pt.Cldy 'oo
S. I i 'rarciBco...:« ) .ts 52 40 fiW P.ain T
P. L. ObW;>o...3rt.0S CS 4* N Cloudy 00
Tatoosh »-« 44 3*5 E Pt.Cldy .00
\HoIla Wall*.. 29. M* B0 30 N Pt.Cldy 00
Winne— iucca .23.92 52 40 \V Cloudy '00
Tuma 28.00 80 54 W Pt.Cldy .00
¦\VKATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
•FORECAST.
The r>r*si<upc has fallen Klowly over the
north'-rn ha!f of the Pacific Coast and condi
tions arc favorable for the apprciach of a
moderate disturbance on the Oregon toast
Light rain ha» fallen in the San Francisco :
Hey district, and conditions are favorable for
ehowers Thursday severally through Cali
fornia. Llrht rain has alfo fallen in the ex
treme nouthern portion of the Stale.
The rirai are falling elowly and •will con
tinue to fall. Southeast moron warnings are '
displayed kt Eureka. Mendoclno and Fort
lirngg.
Forecast mad» at San Franctoco for th'rtv
hours, endirg midnight March 17:
Northern California — Showers Thursday
fr**h »oulh<rrly wind. *'
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday
probabty Drht fho«»re; frefh iiouthwcst w^nde'
Ne\-a^« — Cloudy Thursday. .
San Franrleeo and vicinity — Cloudy Thurn
day: probably »hu«vr»: fresh southerly winds
A. G. JlcADIE. DUtriet Forecaster. ' '
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15"Let Cabin! 'The bread with a flavor." Aek
jour dealer— wholesale— 900 Dolorea - cw •
Ladles Attention.
V.V wish to call your attention to our
silo to-morrow (Friday) of ladies' high-
K: a de shoes for $1 45' a pair. Made by
Laird. Gray Bros..* Foster Sons. Wich
art. (ttc. None worth less ' than $5 00
a pair: our price to-morrow is ?1 45
Also Colonial patent leather ties 85 cents.
Children's shoes 65 cents; all sizes and
Truths. Massachusetts Shoe Co., corner
Seventh and Market streets. •;
Showery Weather Predicted.
The weather was showery in North
ern California yesterday, but no heavy
rains were reported to the weather
bureau. The prediction for to-day la
showers for Northern California, with
a possibility of a light rainfafl in the
south.
Take Piso's Cure • for tonsumption for
Cougha. Colds. Consumption. Drugtlsts. 25a*
Sons of Revolution May Meet Here.
The California Society of the Sons
of the American Revolution held u
meeting last night at which Colonel
Cutler said he" had communicated with
the national body in regard to having
the next convention of the society held
iit this city. He received a favorable
reply and it is likely the convention
will be held here in April, 1905.
Ewell pamphlets are being printed by Edw.
S. Knowles. 24 Second st. *
1-inds Baby on Doorstep.
Mrs. Mary Foley. 1410 Fifteentn
street, found an abandoned babv boy
about two days old on her doorstep
yesterday morning. The child was
tAken to the Emergency Hosoital. It
wiiJ be turned over to the Children'*
Hospital. ...
Will Honor Temperance Worker.
Miss Louise HoIIister of the Minne
apolis Woman's Christian Temperance
Union will be giv>n a reception by th«
local branch of the union this after
noon at its headquarters, 132 McAl
lister street. During the week she will
be entertained by various church bo
ck-ties. , $•¦•/¦¦"¦£¦• -?':*'(% .
Trachoma ia Granulated Eyelids.
Murine Eye Remedy cures this and other
Eye troubles, makes weak eyes strong.
A favorite in the home. •
Mr. 5. E. Morson. general manager of
the Dentists 1 Mutual Plantation Com
pany. Portland, Or., is at the Occidental
He states that he has completed a con
tract'with Mr. Harrison of Mexico for
the planting and complete equipment of
1509 acres adjoining the famous La
Zacualpa rubber plantation and known
as the 'La Zacualpa Extension." Mr
Harrison is considered Mexico's ereat
*st export on coffee and rubber growing
Rubbrr planting in Mexico, under proper
management, is one of the safest and
rr.opt profitable investments, and much
American capital is being invested there
Boland alleges that the . drectors
discovered that . Mottwiler had been
making fictitious 'entries in the com
pany's books and ah investigation
showed : a deficiency of $750. Mott
wiler was taxed with being short in
his accounts and Boland says he ack
nowledged it and promised to make
good the amount on Tuesday evening.
He was present at a meeting of the
directors that evening, but asked for
an. extension of time till yesterday
morning. It was . ascertained yester
day that Mottwiler had told some
friends that he would have to get out
of the -city and it was believed that
he had done so.
¦ Mottwiler was «ne of the crew of
the gunboat Bogota that sailed from
this port about two years ago to fight
for. the Colombian ; Government. ;
WilliamF.' Boland, a director v of the
Clarence Investment Company of Wis
consin, room 545 Parrott building,
swore to a complaint yesterday after
noon charging Charles Aft. Mottwiler,
manager of the company^ with felony
embezzlement. -The amount involved
Is $750. V-^-;-^
Warrant Is Out .for the Arrest of
Charles W. Mottwilcr, Manager of
Clarence Investment Company.
IS ACCUSED OfOBEIXG
SHORT IX HIS ACCOUNTS
Professor Robert Furlong, chief of
the department of education for Cali
fornia at St. Louis, has gone on to. the
exposition and some of the work oi
the California school children has been
started on its journey.
The headquarters in this city of the
California Commissioners to the St.
Louis Exposition will be closed to-mor
row night. Commissioner Wiggins and
Secretary Willis are in St. Louis. Com
missioner Filcher has wound up about
all the business that remained to be
done in San Francisco or other Cali
fornia points, with the exception of the
shipping of exhibits that are not ready
to start on the overland journey.
Eight carloads of exhibits, including
the mineral arch that is to decorate th«
California exhibition in the mines and
mining building, have gone East. There
are nearly twenty more carloads to gc
forward and the probability is that ths
last of the exhibits will not be in St.-
Louis before the end of April. N
The delay in the matter of reaching
an understanding about the exhibition
space for the University of California
made the collection of exhibits repre
senting the university late. None of
them have yet gone on to St. Louis.
The bulk of the forestry exhibit for
the forestry building ana the greater
part of the mineral exhibit of Cali
fornia is still in this State. Until the
arrangements for installing what is to
be shown are finally completed ther».
is no particular haste about getting the
different portions of the California
Ehow into St. Louis. They are in such
shape that .they can be forwarded ia
a few days after urgency Instructions
are received from the California Com
missioners.
A heavy, three-seated automobile
With a steam driving power, belonging
to^ the Mobile Company and driven by
Frank Smith, a chauffeur, caught fire
yesterday afternoon about 5 o'clock on
Golden Gate avenue, between Gough
and Octavia, and was entirely de-
Etroyed except the engine."
t-mith was returning from the park
¦with two male passengers and after
passing Octavia street one of the pas
sengers cried out, "She's afire!" Smith
glanced back and saw the rear of the
vehicle in flames. He stopped the ma
chine and the occupants piled out. In
a moment the automobile was wrapped
in a blaze that, mounted fifty feet into
the air. A crowd assembled and some
body turned in a fire alarm.
Al Faulkner and Harry Chambers,
two well known chauffeurs employed by
the Mobile Company, were at the barn
at Van Xess and Golden Gate avenues
and saw the burst of flame. Hastily
loading two flre extinguishers into a
high speed French machine, they
made a record run up Golden Gate ave
nue, arriving in time to save the en
gine. All of the woodwork of the ma
chine was destroyed, together with
rnbes, seat cusl-lons, etc., and the
framework was so badly damaged as
to render it practically useless. The
company estimates the loss at $1500.
The cause of the fire is attributed to
a leakage in the gasoline tank which
supplies the fueL None of the occu
pants was injured, but one of the pas
sengers had the back of his overcoat
burned out.
AUTOMOBILE
TAKES FIRE
WORK AT HOME
NEARS ITS END
Two stands of pipes had been erected
and connected with; a hydrant to show
on a small scale the operation of the
system and its ability to furnish an ab
solute curtain of water between the
stage and the auditorium and effec
tively drench every portion of the
stage. . • , ,
An illustration of the working
of theater fire-fighting apparatus as
suggested and recommended by
the Board of Fire Commissioners
was given yesterday afternoon
at the corporation yard of the
Fire Department, 52 Sacramento street.
Supervisor Hocks, chairman of the
Fire Committee of the Board of Super
visors, Messrs. Whalen, Finken and Su
trb of the fire committee of the Grand
Jury, Fire Commissioner Boyne and O.
Eastwood and George I. 'Wellington,
representing the automatic sprinkling
device, were present. ,
Assistant Chief Dougherty explained
in detail the plans, which provide that
the theaters should be protected
against fire with both automatic
sprinkfers and perforated pipe systems,
so that in the event of a fire occurring
when there is no performance or the
fireman is not at his post to operate
the perforated pipe ! system the auto
matic sprinkler will perform its func
tion.
It is designed to have two tanks of
large capacity located on the roof of
the theater to supply both systems, in
addition to the city water supply, so
that in the "event, repairs are being
made to the rriains there will be suf
ficient water in the tanks for an .hour.
The /perforated pipe system provides
for piping located in the gridiron and
on both the auditorium and stage sides
of the proscenium arch, so arranged as
to form a double water curtain. The
automatic sprinklers are to be located
above the former system and next to
the roof.
Representatives of Grand Jury. Su
pervisors and Fire Commission
Gather at Corporation Yard.
WORKINGS OF AUTOMATIC
SPRINKLER ILLUSTRATED
The will of Giacinta E. Porta, a re
cently deceased Swiss merchant, was
filed for probate yesterday. His estate
is worth about $30,000. Of this $1000
is devised to the town of Cantone,
Switzerland, birthplace of the deced
ent, for the erection of a drinking
fountain, and $500 to the Catholic
church of Cantone. Of the residue
Carlo and Clotllde Porta, respectively
nephew and niece of the deceased, each
get one-quarter and Giuseppi Porta, a
brother, one-half.
Remembers Place of Birth.
-We have found," saiC Chief Train
Agent Lund yesterday, "dozens of
places along the company's lines in thia
State where men have been making a
regular business of mulcting the.com
pany of thousands of dollars tiy the
manipulation of tickets on which the
original holders had secured stopover
privileges. Pawnshops at Sacramento,
Stockton, Fresno and Bakersfield, a
cigar stand at Sacramento, a drugstore
at Bakersfield, a saloon at Fresno and |
several cigar stores and hotel clerks in
Los Angeles and San Jose were dis
covered to be handling these tickets.
The company devoted several months
to getting evidence and was positive of
its position before It decided on what
action, to take."
It was learned yesterday that all
these cases are now In the hands of the
attorneys of the company and that
many arrests are to follow the prosecu
tion of Johnson.
A few days ago the company placed
a number of these tickets on sale aa
an experiment, and it is claimed that
Johnson of Watsonville, finding that
one of the tickets had been improperly
punched, wrote in the station number
of San Jose and disposed of the ticket
to the son of Justice of the Peace Haw
kins. The ticket was taken away from
the boy on the train and the youngster
then made\ a confession Implicating
Johnson, whose arrest followed yester
day.
Five months ago Chief Train Agent
Lund got an inkling of the fraudulent
manner in which the company's tickets
were being handled and a thorough in
vestigation all along the line from Port
land to El Paso resulted In the dis
covery that the fraud was in common
practice and thousands of dollars were
being lost by the company as a» result.
Seme weeks ago the passenger depart
ment prepared . a new form of card
ticket with a view toward stopping the
scalping. The ticket consists of two
parts, a passage coupon and an Iden
tification check, the former having a
colored face and the latter being in
white. The check portion of the ticket
is properly lined, so that the conductor
may write in the name of any station
at which a traveler desires a stopover
and opposite his writing the conductor,
after carefully folding the two coupons
together, leaves the Impression of hla
punch opposite the name of the station
inscribed by* him on the stopover check.
By this method any effort to success
fully manipulate the ticket for further
transportation over the portion of the
route that has already been traversed
is prevented.
YOUNG HAWKINS CONFESSED-
INVESTIGATION* FOIXOWS.
gauge route was a competitor of the
Southern Pacific in the same territory,
and when Senator Fair sold his nold
ings to. the Southern Pacific the rate
was not changed. From San Francisco
or Oakland to Watsonville or Pajaro,
notwithstanding that the distance is
shorter, the rate is also $2 SO. Conse
quently many persons, encouraged by
tho men engaged in the traffic of rail
road tickets, when desiring to so from
this city >to Watsonville, buy a ticket
to Santa wruz for the same price and
ask the conductor to give them a stop*
over at Pajaro or Watsonville. The
latter being a changing p^int for con
ductors, the backs of the tickets are not
marked and readily find their way into
the hands of the brokers there, who. It
is claimed, have boldly marked on the
backs of the tickets the name of some
station nearer this end of the line and
forged the name of the conductor under
the date. Then the ticket Is 3ent back
tc the point designated by the fraudu
lent memorandum and resold for Santa
Cruz or some point near there, at a
cut rate.
CONDUCTOR'S NAME FORGED.
At certain stations, however, where
the conductors change, this formality
was eliminated and it has been mainly
at thesa particular changing places
that the fraudulent work has been ac
complished. For Instance, the company
has long maintained between San
Francisco or Oakland and Santa Cruz
a rate of $2 80. It is a rate that was es
tablished years "ago, wnen the narrow
The method of the alleged fraud is
a simple, one, and has been going on
for many years. Under a construction
of the State law, a railroad ticket is
transferrable and this fact, together
with the stopover privilege, which each
piece of pasteboard carries, has been
taken advantage of by a number of
persons in reissuing the tickets at a
cut rate, for the transportation' a sec
ond time over the same route for which
they were originally purchased. For
many years it has been the practice of
the company's conductors on its local
routes, when a passenger desired to
stop over at some station between his
point of departure and destination, to
punch the ticket and then mark on the
back of it the designating number of
the town at which the traveler was to
stop, and underneath this number the
conductor would sign his name.
Tha Southern Pacific Company took
the Initial step yesterday In a plan for
the prosecution on criminal charges of
many men along its Western system
accused of ha\'ing fraudulently manip
ulated local tickets, by which practice
the company has been mulcted 'jut of
many hundreds of thousands of
dollars. In the afternoon a war
rant was Issued at Watsonvllle
for the arrest of F. TV. John
son, proprietor of a hotel oi that
town. Mho is charged with forgery, it
being <lii<med by the company thit the
accused recently fraudulently altered a
railroad ticket which he disposed of Jo
the son of Samuel Hawkins, Justice of
the Peace of AVatsonvillo,
According to the statement maae yes
torday by Chief Train Agent Lund of
the Southern Pacific Company, John
son's case is but one of many that have
been thoroughly Investigated by the
company, and his arrest will be fol
lowed by the prosecution criminally of
numerous others. Including pawnbrok
ers, saloon-keepers, proprietors of cigar
stands, hotel clerks and druggists in
various towns along the railroad line
from Portland in the north to El Paso
in the south. ;
Curiously enough only one peremp
tory challenge was required to dispose
of the thirty talesmen, 'and that was
exercised by the prosecution. The other
twenty-nine were either unwilling to
inflict the death penalty upon a woman,
had, conscientious 6cruples against cir
cumstantial evidence or had formed an
opinion as to the merits of the charge
that evidence could. not alter. Most of
those summoned were business men,
and they displayed much unwillingness
to serve on the jury.
Attachments were Issued for thirteen
of the talesmen who failed to answer
their names". Among these was a man
who has been dead several months,
and when Judge Cook learried this fact
he mercifully withdrew the attachment.
It has come to light that District At
torney Byington was much relieved
when he was assured that John P.
Dunning, husband of the murdered
woman, and his little_ daughter were
on their way East with the other East
ern witnesses for the prosecution. At
first Dunning flatly refused to attend
the second trial of the woman with
whom he had been Intimate and whose
love for himself is the alleged motive
for the murfler of Mrs. Dunning. Strong
pressure was brought to bear upon
him, not because h* is regarded as an
indispensable witness, but for the moral
effect which his presence will have on
the jury.
Finally he consented to come if his
expenses were advanced and he was i
compensated for his loss of time. \
Deputy District Attorney Tom Ken- j
nedy,' who was sent East to secure the !
witnesses, eventually prevailed o^i
Dunning to make the westward journey
on condition that all his expenses
would be paid.
Thirty talesmen out of the special
venire summoned Tuesday as possible
material for Jurors in the case of the
People of California vs. -Cordelia
Botkin, charged with the murder of
Mrs. Elizabe'th Dunning, were ex
amined yesterday, and none of them
was found fit for the duty demanded.
The remainder of the venire were ex
cused by Judge Cook or else failed to
answer their names, bo that not a sin
gle additional juror was secured. Ac
cordingly another venire of seventy
five names was issued, returnable this
morning at 10 o'clock, from which it is
hoped the three still wanted may be
selected
Mr. Fisk declined to state yesterday
the name of O'Connor's successor, but
rumor points to Hull McClaughry,
"Lucky" Baldwin's son-in-law, as the
lucky man. Mr. McClaughry at pres
ent occupies the position of secretary to
the Postmaster.
The salary of Cashier "Walter L.
Stowell of the stamp department has
been cut from $2000 to $1700 per annum.
It had been $1700 originally, but through
the influence of Daniel S. Richardson,
who was a close friend of Stowell, the
salary was increased to $2000.
It is reported that at an early date
there will be a general removal of the
non-civil service appointees of former
administrations and that their places
will be filled by friends of the Fisk ad
ministration. Mr. Fisk said yesterday
that he had not made up his mind as to
future changes and would not do so un
til he had had an opportunity of famil
iarizing himself with the situation. It
is believed, however, that all salaries
above normal will be cut down td the
normal level.
Postmaster Fisk was very much cha
grined yesterday when he learned that
the fact that Acting Cashier E. A.
O'Connor of the postofllce was to be re
moved on April 1 had been made pub
lic. For some reason which has never
been published impending changes in
the San Francisco postofflce are never
made known to the public. After the
changes have been made the fact is
made known.
Mr. O'Connor has been acting as
cashier for many years, and proved
himself to be an honest and competent
official. But Daniel S. Richardson, who
was acting as superintendent of the
postofflce, appeared on the payroll as
cashier and drew the salary of the po
sition, while Mr. O'Connor performed
all of its duties.
3Iany Said to Be Implicated
in Profitable Cheat Car
ried on for Several Years
Thirty Talesmen Examined
and Prove Unfit— Venire
for Seventy -Five Issued
Other Removals Predicted
of Employes Not Under
thQ Civil Service Rule
NOEMAL BASIS RESUMED
HOTEL MAN AERESTED
NO NEW NAMES ADDED
Southern. Pacific Unearths
Systematic Plan by Which
It Is Being Victimized
Three Vacarit Seats Kemain
Unoccupied in Body That
Will Try Cordelia Botkin
Cashier O'Connor Will Go
Out on April First, and
Salaries Will Be Cut Up
TICKET FRAUD
IS DISCOVERED
VAIN ATTEMPT
TO FILL JURY
MANY CHANGES
IN POSTOFFICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1904
16
HAIJE'S. 1 HAIR'S.
These prices will sell scores of
Walking: Skirts To-Day
$2.95, $3.95, $5.00, $6.75
But it's what's back of them that counts.
The style, the zcay they are make and what they are made of.
The skirts you are thinking of now and thinking of paying
more for. We knew you would be.
We caught the enthusiasm of the maker months ago. He said he
would do his best, better than he did before. Bigger business to us
meant biggerbusiness to him. He has kept his word, outdone himself.
Scores erf skirts, smart, dressy styles of sturdy materials. But don't judge
what it means here. Come to the second floor to-day. Come prepared to
be tempted.
$2.95 stands for a melton skirt In At $5.00 — An all-wool skirt of home-
black or blue. It's trimmed with • SP""; wl <h Pleated front. This one
with buttons and tailor stitching. At J6 75 , 9 one of thosa swpl , covert
At ,3.95-A homespun -kirt, trimmed SffilSBSSSffiffi 'IS
with stitched bands, panel front, o f a mixed material in fancy over-
In black or gray. skirt effect.
But the beauty of them all is hidden. It's the prices stand
out here ; the best values we ever had.
24-in. Peau de Soie Becoming Hats
at 50c Yard That's one secret
We're as^ proud of the quality as Of this big stir the Hale Easter mil-
we are of the price. • linery is making.
Rich, soft, velvety, every bit silk, Xext quantity.
50c yard. Then -arietv
Extra heavy. 21 inches wide. 7£c ' lie7 \ " anet }'
yard. 7 hen lozi' prices.
These Two Linings Thousands of Hats
Add Interest to Interest to-day. That look b<?t ter on than off. Tou'v-
15c Percaline at 9c yard. s»en swell creations on tabl?3 and
25c Sateen at loc yard. Btanrts where beauty faded when
It's mercerized. In black only. tried on.
They lacked what you \nrit — what
__ ,. _v Hale hats have — life and spirit.
MuSlin Drawers To-day more new hat« out that
, "., , haven't been shown before. In everv
For C/llldren 2 tO 14 years, style. Braids, chiffons, some almost
• ... . t, entirely of foliage. The trimmings are
On a bargain table to-day. Real mostly follase tr.rt flowers. Hnts at
bargains you won't miss seeing and J|S : a*iSf*mSrJ"° ? '° U W ° Uld
sharing, for the first is it's the highest display in San Fran-
n r . w , r(1 Tfir na : r Cisco — certainly the most attractive.
drawers IOC pair. Come t o-day. We want you to take
Of good, heavy, soft-finished mas- plenty of time to try on different
lin, with hemstitched cambric ruffle. styles snd be suited. That's the rea-
Drawers at x S c pair. Sn^^t^^S^f^Si^?^
Of good, soft cambric, hemstitched
lawn ruffle and three pin tucks. jSy' J&ff **3ff
Of good, heavy, soft-finished mus- $& JlfSf^ _____^5^*^
lin. finished around the bottom with JSSu -^^%PO<Gt> OHOI>^^^
a ruffle, three tucks and four rows
of hemstitching. 22c pair. Market Street, Near Sixth.
Kearny and Satter Sts. O^^jbhhibI^
Sale of Black Laces
cAt One-half Less Than Usual Prices
(Bargain Counter, Firtt Floor gutter St.)
The greatest Lace Sale in our history starts to-day.
We've held a good many, as you know, but unquestionably
we have never offered so much for the money, quality
considered, as we now offer. The sale comprises thousands
of yards of Fine Imported Black French Chantilly Laces—
in handsome Festoon, Medallion and Galloon effects. Laces
suitable for mUlinery, dresses, wraps, neckwear, etc.— on sale
at such prices as must prove irresistible inducements to all
ladies desiring laces.
15c Laces at 6c 40c Laces at 20c
20c Laces at 10c 50c Laces at 25c
25c Laces at 12c 7S C Laces at 35c
Black Taffeta Silk Sale GSSW
We offer four special bargains to-day in this popular and
stylish silk. We know this announcement will be heartily
responded to, for seldom are reliable Black Silks ever offered
at such prices as these:
65c grade (19 inch) at 50c yard
85c grade (19 inch) at 65c yard
$1.00 grade (27 inch) at 75c yard
gi.25 grade (36 inch) at $1.00 yard
More Stamped Waist Patterns
(Second Floor Kearny St.)
" The popularity of these Waist Patterns is shown by their
constant and increasing demand. Those we offer to-day are
stamped on fine white Oxford, ready to be embroidered-
Violet, Pomegranate, Butterfly, Scroll, Stilletto and Con-
ventional designs— all exquisite patterns. On sale <r 1 rn
at, each j) I .OU
Sheets and Pillow Slips isssvso
The special Bed Sheets and Pillow Slips we offer to-day
are made of best quality muslin with three inch hem. They
are torn by hand, not cut, and are ironed ready for use.
Bed Sheets, sire 72 x 90 inches, sale price 45c
Bed Sheets, size 81 x 90 inches, sale price 55c
Pillow Slips, size 36 x 45 inches, sale price 10c
Worsted Fascinators at 35c
(Third Floor Kearny St.) ,
These pretty Fascinators are offered much below their
proper worth, but it means a speedy clearance, which is what
we want. They are made by hand— some of Shetland Floss,
some of Saxony Wool — in pretty shell stitch. Colors: white,
black, light blue and red. Price to-day while quantity QCp
lasts, each wOu
TOOTH BRUSHES KNIT UNDERWEAR
AT HALF PRICE TWO SPLENDID VALUES
(First Floor Sutler St.) < Maiu Aisle Kearny St.)
2 .^-MS'dSdS'b? priced Pink, sky and black; sp« ial OCp
at 30c and 35c. They are the good,
durable kind, made of best pure Ladies' fine cotton ribbed Union
white bristles. Only our facilities Suits, in summer weight, with high
for handling large quantitits en- or low neck, short or long sleeves,
able us to offer them to-day | Cp also sleeveless, white only; "7lif»
at this price I Uu per suit / wu
Write for our New Spring Catalogue— We mail it Free.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
One Night
TTre_i t m e "if*
with
Soak the feet or hands
on retiring in a strong,
hot, creamy lather of
CUTICURA SOAP.
Dry, and anoint freely
with CUTICURA
OINTMENT r the great
skin cure and purest of
emollients. B a n d age
lightly in old, soft cotton
or linen. For itching,
burning, and scaliri|r ec-
zema, rashes, inflamma-
tion, and chafing, for red-
ness, roughness, cracks,
and fissures, with brittle,
shapeless nails, this treat-
ment is simply wonderful,
frequently curing in one
night.
Complete Haraor Cure, eotiilitinr of CtmCURA
HetolTeni, »e. l Ib form of ChoeoUt? Coited PilU, „*
En^?? )' O « t »«M°«-.eo»Pi24«. Depot" London*
Colombo! Are. Jotter Dru« it Chem. Corp., 8.U Flop.
mr Scad *er " How t. Cure Eitrj Humor."
MARKS BROS.
fll Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention. |(
! PEERLESS BARGAINS
| -IX-
; Women's Runabout Skirts
; MARKS BROS.
1 The Home of Honest Values,
\i 220-22-24 MARKET STREET.
I ! Runabout '
I . Skirt as pic-
[-*¦ ' tured sells to-
am """¦'
>|| . ¦„._ _ _ II .WOMEN'S RUN-
M At $2.25 ABOUT SKIRT, cut
,11 . ¦ ¦ -I in the new flaring
shape, flounce trimmed with 4 rows of
cording, full range of sizes, a skirt that
>/s fully worth $3.00.
*|| ' __ n WOMEN'S INSTEP
)\\At $3. 40 SKJR T, of all- wool
I " ' . mixture, pret til y
and tastily trimmed with tailor stitched
straps, ornamented with buttons, cheap
I at $4.00. Special to-day $3.40.
I 1 m *, , r- n II A smart RUNABOUT
At $4.50 SKIRT of all-wool
" serge in the leading
1904 shades of Jani blue, gray and
' black, a $6.00 value. Special to-day
l $4.50.
1 II - ¦-* ~ **\\'A stunning RUN-
1 At $5.00 ABOUT SKIRT, made
" " of the latest spring
zibeline material, inverted plaited bot-
' torn, a splendid $6.50 quality.
I j Runabout Skirt
\. : ¦'_ I as pictured
_ , | sells to-day, at
1 fO~"/| 00 DC
> //I V s w** 1 " 1 '
i I . mf%CO "II We carr y an ex ~
i LACES'. 1 tensive line of
I' " Repoussee, Point
1 . de Gene in Edges, Insertions and All-
1 o ver Laces; also a comple te line of
i Point Venise. Chiffon, Appliques, Me-
i dallions, Cluny Bands and \ Fiber
Laces.
1 ===== 1
I ADVEKTISEMEirrS.
EM |a I j la HI ¦ ¥Zjt Ej Ba 88
Mxsft^^Jfl B B H i S \
39 STOCKTON ST.
Telephone Main 6522
TTj* economical housekeeper, by watching
our st>ec1al sales each w»k and bringing
her whole grocery order to us. will find a
his; saving _t the end of the month.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per sqr 35c
Fresh and sw«t. Reg;. 40c
FANCY RANCH EGGS, par do z 20c
Only the very best. No C. O. D. orders
taken for butter or eys» without other
Roods. Reg. 25c
SANTA BARBARA OLIYE OIL—
Quart bottle TOo: res. 83c
Pint bottle 4Oc; re*. 60c
Pure; nothing better for salada and
medicinal use.
FARD DATES, per Ib 10c
• Ker. 12Hc
MACARONI, VERMICELLI, SPAGHETTI and
A. B.C. PASTE - . . . . . 2 pkgs for 25c
Reg. ISc each
Imported: s new ahloment Just received.
LOWNEY'S COCOA, per can 20c
ALMONDS 2lbrfar2ic
- A specially rood lot at a low price.
CREOLE RICE— .
2Vi-lb. cartons 2Oc: r»r. 25c
&-lb. cartons 4Oc; rr?. 60c
Absolutely nothing finer to be found
KIDNEY BEANS, per can 12^c
Burt Olney Co.. Onelda. JT. T. rtg. 20c
SCOTCH KIPPERT HERRING, par tin. -20c
Cross & Blackwell. London. Reg. 30c
FAMILY BOURBON—
Per botUe ." «Oc; reg. 75c
Per eaUen $2.30: res. $3.00
A good Whisky at a popular price
A. I. H. GIN—
Large bottle 91.45; r»*. $1.60
Small bottle 05c; regr. $1.10
Genuine Holland.
IMPERIAL PALIDO SHERRY— ]. .
Relnoldo Soler y Roca, Jerez. Spain. L 1 '''!
SUPERIOR PORT— p5c
OHvetra & Co.. Oporto, PortugraJ.
Our direct Importation. Res' $1 00
ZINFANDEL— GOLDEN REISLISG. gal 60c
Excellent table wines. Reg. 75c
Dollar
Premium L || coffees
Free s Pg s
wlthEach Wo^ po wder
r They are Beauties
A thousand kinds yi| \
to Select from. *^f|
It Pays to P
Trade at J
Great American Importing Tea Co's
_| 881 Market ,210 Grant ar. MM Polk
¦ HO Sixth lSlSDo-riiadero 705 Lark in
B 47frHaI_ht 8006 Sixteenth S35 Hayes
fi|32S3Mlsirfon d Moni4r*y ara. 52 Market
B200S Fnimor* 2510 Mission 148 Ninth
_| S66 Third 27S2 a4th 469 Fourth
TjQ Perfect Fitting fr/V
1 v Eyeglasses cjfl
=j ¦ At Moderate Gost (\
V&r2 'Marke.tSt. >