The San Francisco Call
* THT3 THXA.TXXS. „ *7_j
Mcasar— ','At S the - WHita.'' Hor«»
DaUf ornla— "Tit CUef Jastlea."
Central— "Klp^via Wlnila. 1 !.
Columbia— "The Silver Slipper."
Cbutei — VandeTlUe^^^,. „>'¦,
Plseher'a — "The Bounders." "
Orpbeuta — Vaudeville. Matiae*
To- Day.
rivoli— "The Oypty Barea."
• Vl* •• ¦
'¦¦ Forecast made at Baa rran
ci«co for thirty houri endlnr
midalirht, March 9:
San Francisco and vicinity—
Cloudy, unsettled weather Wed
nesday; brisk westerly winds.
A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 100
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY,; MARCH 9, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TOKIO REPORTS SINKING
OF RUSSIAN SQUADRON
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the New York Herald Publishing Company.
TOKIO, March B.==lt is reported thai the Japanese fleet engaged the Russian Vladivostok squad=
ron in the Sea of Japan yesterday. The result of the' engagement is not announced, but it is be=
lieved the Russian ships, four in number, were destroyed or captured.
WITNESSES TELL SENATORS
OF THE MORMON DOCTRINE
Son of the Apostle
Speaks of His
Polygamy.
— — ?
Amazing Stories
of Plurality
of Wives.
HERO DIES
IN EFFORT
AT RESCUE
STRUGGLES
WITH THE
BURGLAR
Son of Millionaire
Drowned in the
Willamette.
Woman Makes Brave
Fight but Loses/
Jewelry.
epedtJ Dispatch to Th« CWI.
PORTLAND, Or., March 8. — Sumner
Smith, son of W. K. Smith, a Portland
millionaire, lost his life this afternoon
while rescuing: a young: girl from
drowning.
* Smith was a passenger on the
fteamer American, which was moored
at a dock a few miles below Portland.
The passengers were thrown into a
commotion by the shout from a spec
tator:
"There's a young girl fallen over
board and I can't swim."
"I can," shouted Smith, who was a
ueU-known athlete, and he rushed to
the rail and leaped overboard to the
rescue of Oza Brown, a 12-year-old
girl, who had slipped upon the upper
deck and fallen under the rail into the
Willamette River.
Smith ewam to where the young
girl was struggling, and with one arm
lifted her head above water, swim
ming with the other. The deck hands
hurriedly" lowered a boat.
Rowing to within a few feet of the
two, they saw Smith suddenly sink,
having been seized with a cramp or
sucked under by a strong eddy. The
girl was drawn into the boat, but
gmith never rose to the surface. The
body has not been recovered.
Smith was a member of a famous
family of athletes ar.d a.- brother of
Joseph H. Smith, well known In Pa
cific Coast athletics as the Multnomah
Club's crack fullback, baseball
pitcher and boxer. <
Special Dispatch to The Call. V
, SACRAMENTO. March 8.-tA fashion
able apartment house opposite Capitol
Park was the scene at noon to-day of
an exciting conflict between a plucky
woman and a burglar. '
Mrs. R. E. Cranston, whose husband
is a well known mining expert, had left
the apartments, locking. the doors after'
her. When she returned she found one
of the doors open. As she was about to
enter, the burglar, who had secured
entrance . by means of a skeleton key,
brushed past her with his pockets full
of her Jewelry and other valuables.
Mrs. Cranston . seized : him about the
Continued on Pose 2, Column 1.
of the protests against Senator -Smoot
of Utah brought out a variety of tes
timony, of which the most sensational
was that given by Francis M. Lyman,
president of the twelve apostles of the
Mormon church and the man chosen
to be the successor of President Smith.
His admissions were similar to those
previously made by' Mr. Smith ' per
taining to the church government. He
Is more free of speech than the presi
dent of the church and his testimony,
though not materially differing,
caused several of the apostles present
to shake their heads at the witness
for the _ purpose of compelling more
discretion in. answering questions. Mr.'
Lyman is angularly built, his face is
covered with a growth of bushy red
whiskers and his speech is blunt. Four
witnesses were on the stand .to-day.
They were Mrs. Kennedy, Jier mother,
Mrs. Matthews; Charles Merrill, the
son of Apostle' Merrill, and Mr. Ly
man. - . : % ':'J '\ ¦ '¦¦ • ¦£
Senator Overman asked Charles F.
Merrill,: son of Apostle Merrill and a
polygamist, . for a description of. the
marriage ceremony in 1888. and the
witness declared that he could - not
remember how it was performed, ex
cept that he. went to the temple in Lo
gan and; it was performed there. In
response; to. a question by Senator Du
bols Mr: Merrill said there was no
marriage certificate issued, no record
or, any : documents. of any kind, so far
as he knew. He said there -was. no
music, -no ; prayers and no questions
that he could remember. - .- . ¦ '
"There - was nothing ... but the mar
riage ceremony," he said with emph^-
Continued on Pajje 2, Column 3.
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE CHURCH OF THE MORMONS, WHO
ARE IN ATTENDANCE AT THE INVESTIGATION BEING HELD
TO ESTABLISH SENATOR SMOOT'S RIGHT TO SENATE SEAT.
WASHINGTON, March 8. — The
Senate Committee on Privileges and
¦ Elections .to-day in the investigation
STEAMER
CRASHES
AT BRIDGE
Disastrous Accident
Occurs Near Butte
fitv
Persons on the Structure
•Scramble to Escape Im
pending PeriL ;
Screaming Women and Frightened
IJehr^Rush-From^hs^Scene of
Danger iofVTheir Lives' ".
COLUSA,,March'B.— The Sacramento
Transportation Company's steamer Do
ver ran into the drawbridge, at Butte
City to-day about noon and the center
pier and the draw were knocked over
and now lie a ruined mass of wood and
iron at the bottom, of the river. The
damage to the bridge will amount to
$10,000 or more. •
The steamer Dover and the barge
Illinois were moored at the landing
taking on freight when Mr. Staten en
gaged the captain to pull off a lot of'
drift that had accumulated around the
center pier. The boat was tied above
the bridge by a long cable. In this
way the steamer and barge were let
down i near the bridge. . A line was
made fast to the drift and the boat
started forward, expecting to pull the
drift loose.
Everything was progressing nicely
when suddenly the cable parted and
before the steamer and barge could be
got under control they smashed
broadside Into the bridge, causing the
same to topple overi A portion of the
draw hit the steamer and caused her to
dip and she took a quantity of water,
but after going down stream several
hundred yards the boats were secured
to the shore and the pumps set to work
and soon had her pumped out. '
At the time of the accident there
were perhaps twenty-five or i thirty
women and men standing on the draw
and when the boat hit and the big
structure commenced to tremble, then
began at first. to topple over, there was
a wild scramble to get off. Many suc
ceeded in gettinffoff at either end; oth
ers, seeing retreat impossible in that
direction, jumped to the barge below.
Three Chinamen jumped or fell Into
the river, where they were seen scream-
Ing and were thought to haw been lost,
but later turned up all , right. ¦ The
steamer was In charge of Captain Gon
zales. .The Butte City bridge seems ..to
be an ill fated structure. When the
first bridge .was completed about ten
years ago it had only been accepted
by the county a few days when it gave
way and wa3 a total" loss. That, no one
was drowned or otherwise ' injured in
the accident to-day is a miracle.
GRIDLEY RESIDENTS HEAR
THE ROAR OF A CYCLONE
/ GRIDLEY, March. B.— A cyclone
passed over' the country near the Man-,
zanita Schoolhouse, .east of \ this place,
this morning.' Its roar could be heard
at this place. ,The storm was high in
the air.cohsequently no damage was
done.
Jail Breaker Recaptured.
G RIDLEY,; March S^Sheltori, the
alleged ' horsethief., who escaped; from
the Gridley, jail Wednesday bjr sawing
his' way- through' the ceiling: and kick
ing a hole in the roof of the •building",
was captured in;Marysville r last night
and was brought here for examlnatiort
to-day. It is said that Sheltqri' took
refuge on af< ranch " near this ' place'
after getting away and. that on Sunday
he left,; fearing "the descent "of officers.
He made his way across the country
and was observed near 'Honcut; wading
deep sloughs, '.-In ' an; evident ; to
avoid following traveled , roads. } There
are , 'several ' counts against t r tthe
prisoner. ...
JAPAN'S STRATEGY ENTRAPS
THE VLADIVOSTOK CRUISERS
COMMANDERS OF THE JAPANESEWARSHIPS "WHICH HAVE BEEN VICTORIOUS IX ENCOUNTERS WITH
THE RUSSIANS. AND ISLAND STATESMAN WHO HAS BEEN SENT UPON A DIPLOMATIC MISSION TO
Czar's Warships Jlre Lured From Siberian Stronghold and
Hemmed In by Two "Flying Squadrons."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SHANGHAI, March 8.- — Japanese strategy has doomed the Russian V ladivostok fleet. While
a strong Japanese naval division,- commanded by Rear Admiral Uriu, is lying in wait off Vladivo
stok for the four-- Russian .cruisers, a "flying squadron" has been dispatched northward to give them
battle or drive them : into the hands of Uriu. The Russian ships are believed to be in the neighbor
hood :of Possiet Bay, where they . have been covering the landing of Russian trdbps sent south
ward- from Vladivostok. As;tKey have been away from, their home port more than a week, they
must be running short of- fuel,, and there-is.no harbor at which they can - replenish their supply, ex
cept that- of Vladivostok;" To regain Vladivostok they must fight their way through Admiral
f UriuY squaciron before ; their .fuel supply, is exhausted. In the meantime the "flying squadron"
from the'south' is closing in; uporr them, and they will soon be between two fires.
When the war hegan-the Vladivostok squadron was believed to be icebound in the harbor, and
the -Japanese were astonished, when,. early in February, the* Russian ships were reported to be cruis-'
ing in Japanese waters/ where they took several prizes, sank a Japanese merchantman and threat
ened the bombardment .of cities on trie coast. -Admiral Uriu's division was hurried northward to in
tercept the. Russian ships, if possible. The latter, however, were:warned in time and retired to
Vladivostok. ; Uriu,making sure that they^ were again safe in the harbor, retired to the south after
makihg'a 'brief demonstration; in ;„ the roadstead, without firing a shot.
- On February 26 Admiral Togo's, fleet bombarded Port Arthur. Togo had then twenty
three -warships,- .whereas .-before his fleet .consisted of but sixteen, two; of which were reliably re-
Continued on Page. 4« Columns 3, 4 and 5.The will of Isabella D. Clark, the
wealthy young woman, who commit
ted suicide at McXutt*s hospial last
September and which was recently
the subject of a contest, was admitted
to probate yesterday. Attorney
Charles P. Eells was appointed ad
ministrator of the" estate, with bonds
fixed at $30,000.
Miss Clark's Will Probated.
Administrator' 3Iust-Pay" Interest.
The Public Administrator. must pay
interest on all moneys belonging to
estates that come. into his hands. This
was decided yesterday-byiJudge-!Mu
rasky, who, in settling, the final ac
count 1 of former Public Administrator
John Farnham in the estate of J. H.
Coleman, directed him to credit the
Coleman estate with interest on $6000
from «February of last year.
Mrs. Cranston, in close pursuit, cried
oi:t to the conductor to catch the thief.
The conductor walked forward to obey
when the thief jumped off the car and
ran through an alley, and finally, re
tracing his ' steps, escaped through
Capitol Park. He secured about 1400
worth of Jewelry and $40 in coin.
Whether, as a result of this false
warning or not, the burglar was able
to break away from Mrs. Cranston,
and he ran down the front Etairs. A
street car was passing and he board
ed it.
"Watch out for yourself!" he ex
claimed as the struggle went on. "There
is another man helping me, and he is in
that room."
waist and fought bravely to hold him.
The burglar evidently felt that if the
woman did not quickly release him he
would be captured, and so he resorted
to a ruse.
Continued From Page J. Column 2.
The nurses promised their hearty
co-operation in the work, it being the
intention of the board to "designate
them as sanitary inspectors without
pay, with power to order the .abate
ment of any nuisances or violations of
the sanitary laws which may come un
der their observation" while In attend
ance on their patients. The commit
tee will hold another meeting next
Tuesday/ when final plans will be for
mulated to put v the service r into ef
fect. ' '. ..: - .-
Drs. Stinson and Hughes, compris
ing a committee appointed' by the
Health Board to devise a plan where
by trained nurses will aid the inspect
ing physicians In earning out the sani
tary work, held a meeting yesterday.
There were present Assistant City
Physician - Hinkle • and five trained
nurses.
Health Board Committee Devises Plan
of Co-oi>eration in the Abating
of Nuisances.
TRAINED XURSES TO ACT
AS SANITARY INSPECTORS
STRUGGLES WITH BU8ELJR,
MONTREAL,. March 8.— The American
Locomotive Company to-day took over the
plant of the local locomotive and machine
company of Montreal. '¦ The capacity of the
plant Is 300 locomotives annually.
PHILADELPHIA, March 8.—C6r
oner Dugan says he has made an im
portant capture in the arrest of Dr.
David J. Moser.'allas Dr. Adams, who
was taken into custody to-day charged
with performing a criminal operation.
Dr. Moser's arrest was the result of an
investigation instigated by the police
and Coroner's jury in an effort to un
earth an alleged syndicate engaged in
illegal medical practice. The police
expect a complete exposure.
Exposure 3Iay Follow Arrest.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
K. W. Grove's signature is om each box. 23c •
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Peterson Forfeits His Rights.
HONOLULU. March* 2. — United
States Judge Dole has given a written
decision denying the application of
one Hans Petersen for admission to
American citizenship. Petersen de
clared his Intention some years ago.
but the court held that he had lost
his rights by/six months' service on a
foreign sailing vessel during the pe
riod of probation.
Russian Bnildin? Torn Down.
ST. LOUIS, March 8. — The frame
work for the Russian national build
ing at the World's Fair was torn down
to-day on receipt of a cablegram from
St. Petersburg by Contractor Lecouer,
who has been in charge of the work.
The cablegram was from the Depart
ment of the Interior, briefly ordering
such work as had not been completed
torn down.
PIERRE. S. D.. March 8.— After a week of
lntrase suffering' Miss Rene Xelson, th« victim
of poisoned candy, sent from 6oon«. Iowa, died
to-day from the effects of th« drug.
; "The people have their rights and they
must be respected," answered the wit
ness. "The Lord can't make the : peo
ple do right or. accept his laws. Man
is left to follow his own agency *»in re
gard to religion, -business and politics."
"Then," persisted Senator • -¦ Hoar,
"where the Lord- has chosen ( certain
persons • as ¦ apostles and the people - do
not care* to accept the selection, what
happens?" •. ••
;."The man- always ¦ steps aside when
the people reject." \
"They have a sort of veto power over
the Lord, then?"- ¦¦¦ '¦""-, '
Both the prosecution and defense an
nounced they had concluded with Apos
tle'Lyman, and he was discharged. The
committee adjourned until; to-morrow.
Lyman told the story of the effort
on the part of Prophet Joseph Smith
to get rid of one of the high council
ors who had been chosen by revela
tion and the refusal of the people
to submit to the change. This was for
the purpose of showing that the will
of the people is stronger thart the wish
or command of the president of the
church. '
"Do you mean to say," asked Sena
tor Hoar, "that a revelation from the
Lord which had been rejected by the
people would count for nothing?"
. "It would, count for nothing for
those who rejected it."
"Would it be binding upon the in
strument of the Lord who received the
revelation? I. mean if the revelation
should be received by you and the
people refused it; would it be binding
upon you to follow the revelation or
to follow the wish of the people?"
"We should follow the "wish of the
people." >,'/¦",- J
"Well, how about you ?"
"I; should be bound by what the peo
ple direct,"
•• "Then," said Senator Hoar, "the voice
of the people is of more authority than
the mandate of the Lord?"
"The law, of the Lord is whatever i3
done by common consent.*
"."Then the Lord submits to the people
.whatever he desires to have done, and
if the people like it they give their con-
Bent. That is your, belief, is it?" .
Chairman Burrows asked Lyman in
regard to the Reorganized Church of
Latter- Day Saints at Lamonia, Iowa,
of which a son of Joseph Smith, the
prophet, is the head, and Lyman gave
his ideas 6f the differences between the
two organizations. He was asked if
the reorganized church did, not 1 - de
nounce polygamy, and answered:
"They denounce it so hard that it al
most provokes us to defend it."
Senator Dubois asked if the reorgan
ized church teaches absolute obedience
to its leaders, and was informed by
Lyman that he understood the church
was not very strenuous in that regard.
"Now, in regard to consent given
Senator Smoot to become a candidate
for Senator — suppose President Smith
had refused to give this consent and
Smoot had insisted on becoming a can
didate, what would have happened to
him?" asked Senator Dubois.
Lyman said Smoot would have been
disciplined, taken to task, reproved or
corrected. |
Tayler here said it had been shown
one of the religions was composed of
peaceable, law-abiding citizens, while
the other is a menace to society and
good government and that "in the lat-'
ter case Senator Smoot is so, woven
into the organization that&we hold he
cannot be extricated without cutting
himself off entirely.'"
Worthington 'inquired of ' Lyman
whether Senator Smoot could not re
sign his apostleship if he wanted to do
anything which the church forbids and
still remain a Mormon in good stand
ing. The. witness answered affirma
tively.
' REVELATION' AVORTHLESS. \
REORGANIZED CHURCH.
swer you just took back and which
you paid was a. mistake?"
The witness hesitated and Senator
Hoar remarked:,
"Well, if ' you can't answer that I
don't blame you."
SPRINGFIELD. March 8. — Grejit
crowds to-day visited the scene of last
night's lynching of Richard DIckerson.
There is apparently no disposition to
malce an effort to discover the mob
leaders. While the lynching is de
plored the community is almost a unit
In believing it has taught the lawless
element of the city a wholesome lesson.
Great ( Crowds Visit Spot Where Rich
ard Pickereon Was Punished by
Mob of Infuriated Ohioans.
SCENE OF LYNCHING BEE
ATTRACTS THE CURIOUS
HONOLULU. March 2. — At ft meet
ing of local bankers last Saturday th«s
rate of exchange between here and
New York was lowered from 30 cents
to 40 cents per hundred. The bankers
found that with the San Francisco
rate 30 and the New York rate 50.
parties desiring to send money to New-
York bought San Francisco exchange
and had money forwarded.
Island Bankers Ixjwpt Exchange.
thoughtiie had an opportunity to make
money at the expense of the legitimate
ship industry bf this country. Further
debate was cut off by Fordney mov
ing that the bill be reported favorably,
which was done amid applause.
At 5:05 o'clock the House adjourned
until to-morrow.
Chairman Burrows insisted on know
ing if the people of Utah jknew in re
gard to his life why Senator Smoot
could not know just as well. The wit
ness responded several times that the
people must have known, but that Sen
ator Smoot did not*, whereupon Senator
Hoar demanded to know .what the wit
ness meant by such answers. The wit
ness then said Senator Smoot probably
knew Just as much atoout the question
as the people in general. % ¦ ,¦"_. ;
"Do you take back what you said,
then, that the people knew and Sena-
Ior Smoot did not know?", asked Sena
tor Hoar. ."
'Vl'ta'ke that back."
" Don't you think, Mr. Apostle, that it
behooves you to be% a ¦ little careful
about what you say, so that you will
not/have anything to take back?"
asked the Senator, severely. •
: Senator Hoar followed this question
by;asking the witness if he had re
ceived a revelation concerning what he
was to. testify to on the stand, and
whether, such" revelation could be re
sponsible for his., change of .mind in re
gard to the questions asked. .
"Are your answers here by order of
the Lord?- Are they given in your hu
man or inspired capacity?" the Sena-i
tor asked. '
.; "I answer as the spirit of the ..Lord'
directs." . ,
"Then it was the spirit of the Lord
which . directed vou to make the an-
The witness answered that Senator
Smoot did not know, 'as he never had
met any of the wives. He said that the
people In general in Utah knew, but
that he did not think Smoot had any
knowledge of the fact. He said he was
so generally known and his reputation
was -so wide that what was admitted
as a fact in regard to him would be ac
cepted by the people as true.
WITNESS EVASIVE.
"Oh, no; he is not above the Lord."
"Did Senator Smoot know you were
living with plural wives?" Lyman was
asked. .
Worthington asl^ed how it was that
the president could issue authority In
conflict with the manifesto, which is
said to be the law of God, and con
cluded his question thus: "Is he above
the Lord?"
• "Dp they defend pr denounce It?"
. "They would' not denounce It," said
Lyman. He said that was the situa
tion in regard to himself.
In answer to a question by Senator
Overman, Lyman said that despite the
manifesto of 1S90, the president of the
church could issue authority upon an
elder to perform plural marriages.
"The president holds the keys," said
Lyman.
"What do you mean?"
"That lie is the only one who has any
authority."
Lyman said missionaries always are
thoroughly warned not to discuss po
lygamy, "because we have yielded that
requirement of the law not to teach the
theory of polygamy." He said the mis
sionaries nevex touch upon the. subject
unless the" theory is assailed.
"going through the endowment
house," and objection was made by
Worthlngton on the ground that It did
not assume that Smoot had any knowl
edge of the ceremony. Chairman Bur
rows said, it had been asserted that
Senator. Smoot had gone through the
endowment house and had .taken some
oath there that.mlght conflict with his
oath as a Senatdr. Lyman said he
could not state the service if it. was
to save his life. He might approxi
mate, arid being told to do so, said
that he agreed to live an upright life
and ' that he had not taken any oath
against any person or anything that
might, conflict with any law of the
country. ¦ ;• '
" MISSIONARIES -WARNED.
Humphrey of Washington joined
Stevens in opposition to the bill. He
argued that the 'American purchaser
WASHINGTON, March 8.— To-day in
the House was set apart for the con
sideration of x:laim . bills. Thirty-two
of this character were passed. One re
lating to the granting erf an American
register to the steamship Beaumont
gave rise to much" debate. Stevens of
Minnesota made the point that to ad
mit such ships to American registry
would be detrimental to the Interests
of American .workmen. He was sec
onded by Humphrey of Washington.
The bill was passed. Shortly after the
House convened Speaker Cannon in
ruling" on the conference report on the
legislative, executive and judicial ap
propriation bill stood by a former pre
cedent holding that conferees could not
Insert new matter.
• In the discussion precipitated by the
House bill providing an American reg
ister for the Beaumont, formerly the
Mlra, wrecked off the coast of Nova
Scotia, Fordney of Michigan ahd Stev
ens of Minnesota took an active part.
Stevens vigorously opposed the bill,
saying in the course of his remarks
that it had fqr its object legislating
money out of the pockets of American
workingmen. Smith said that the ves
sel formerly was an English one. The
present American owner, he argued,
could not get an English register, and
now the gentleman from Minnesota
was denying him an American register.
"What shall we do with it?" he in
quired. "Sink It in the sea?"
Those fatally injured are: J. H.
Hinds o*f Nashville, Southern express
messenger; H. K. Wakefield, baggage
master, and Engineer , Case of the
freight train. '..-'•
The trains involved were the south
bound limited on the Queen and Cres
cent system and a northbound South
ern Railway freight, both roads using
the same tracks between Meridian and
York. It is understood the wreck was
caused by the freight train overlook
ing orders to meet the express.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., March 8.— Six
persons killed, three fatally injured,
two injured and a limited express train
and a freight partially destroyed by a
fire was the' result of a head-on col
lision to-day on the Alabama Great
Southwestern Railway, near Kewanee,
seventeen miles north of Meridian,
Miss. The dead:
ENGINEER P. H. LARKIN of the
express train, Birmingham.
. ROBINSON * RIGGS, mail clerk,
Chattanooga. '
D. D. NICHOLSON, mail clerk,
Chattanooga.
BENRY BANKS, colored fireman on
express, Birmingham.
MAIL WEIGHER 'DAVIDSON,
Chattanooga.
Colored fireman on freight train;
name not given. . ¦
Carelessness in the Observ
ance of Orders Is Said to
Have Caused* the Tragedy
Says Admittance of Certain
Ships Means Raid Upon
Pockets of Our Mechanics
TWO TRAINS IX FLAMES
STEVENS MAKES .CHARGE
"If I am thought worthy I will suc
ceed to the presidency of the Mormon
church, if I survive President Smith,";
said Lyman in answer to a question.
Lyman said that he is the "presiding
official of the twelve apostles. The
name of John Henry' Smith, a polyga-1
mist, was given as' the second member"
of the twelve : apostles, and that"', of
George Teasdale, a polygamist, as the
third apostle; HeberJ. Grant, a polyga
mist, fourth; John W. Taylor, a polyga
mist, fifth ; Mr. Merrill, a polygamist, 1
sixth, making * five ¦ apostles who are
conceded to be polygamists.
"Senator Smoot has attended the
meetings of the apostles," said Lyman,'
"and has taken, part ¦. in the exercises
at the weekly meetings." - The .witness
said he had never : introduced , any of
his wives to Mr: Smoot.
Chairman Burrows asked. of. the na
ture of the marriage service known as
WILL SUCCEED SMITH.
"I want," he said after a short' pause
and dropping into a pleasing voice, "to
make a brief explanation if you will
permit. My case is different from that
of most other men. 'I was;born in 1840,
and I can hardly remember when my
father was not a polygamist. He was; a
friend and adviser of Prophet Joseph
Smith, and was taught by him the im
portance and the truth of the principles
of polygamy. He accepted the teach
ing and entered into the practice, mar
rying six wives in the years 1845 and
1846, so th.\l my earliest recollection
embraces the life of polygamy. I re
member all my father's wives as I do
roy own mother, and I lived in a fam
ily thus constituted until I grew up and
became the head of a family of. my
own. Consequently I have known notli
ing else, ' and I have felt that it was
correct. I-have always.felt.in my heart
and my soul that I was correct. I mar
ried flrst in 1857,. again in 1869 and once
more in < 1884. ••Trie situation has been
very painful to me, and I have been
greatly pained to find myself in opposi
tion to the law of the country and of
the church. But I have made a coye-|
nant with my wives to love, respect and
endear them, and I could not find it in
my heart ,to separate from them so
long as they were true to me."
Senator Hoar— So you, an apostle of
your church, expecting to succeed Mr.;
Smith in the presidency and in that
capacity to receive divine revelations
yourself, confess that you are now liv-j
ing and expect to continue to-live in
disobedience to the laws of the country/
the law of your. church. and the law of
God?
The witness replied with ,a simple,
"Yes."" . • . ..";• • ¦ :• .;
: "Referring to' the rule of which you
have spoken,"' Hoar said, "you under
stand the rule or the law of the church
to be the law of God, did you not?" J ¦
Lyman replied that such was his un
derstanding, r
"Then you are living and intend to
live in» violation of the law of God and
man?"
, "I fully intend," said Lyman, show
ing a disposition to elaborate more than
he had done, "to be true to the law of
my country, to my God and to my obli
gations and covenants with my wives,
and I have never done a thing that my
conscience did not approve."
EXPLAIN o POSITION".
This was not answered directly at.
the time. • Several questions by mem
bers of the committee followed In rapid
succession, and Lyman admitted,, in
response to th« m » that he knew that
in.liyitijg"in polygamy he was disobey
ing '60th the law of the land and the
rule of his church. ¦ He also said - in
reply to one of these questions that he
was not only now living in polygamV
qua cohabitation, _but that he expected
to continue po to 'live, . .-... - . ;
Senator Hoar at last took the wit
ness in hand and brought, out a suc
cinct statement from ;him which was of
a character to Interest all present.
In regard to his father's ] family
Merrill said he had. a father. with six
wives *and that he had twenty brothers
and seventeen sisters. He was asked
how many nephews and nieces he had
and said he did not know, but thought
there were more. than 100.
Francis Lyman, a member of the
first presidency of the Mormon church
and the prospective successor :of
President Joseph Smith, was <the next
witness. He was born sixty-four years
ago and became an apostle in 1880.
"Are you a polygamist?" Mr. Tay
ler asked, and the witness
frankly. "Y.es." He said that he had
had three wives and that of .them two
are still living. By his second wife,
to whom he was married in 1884, he
had five children, the last being born
in 190.0. Lyman said that he h;id been
one of the. signers of the prayer for
amnesty, pledging himself to all that
it' contained. He did not, however, re
call Just what it did contain.
Tayler read portions of the prayer.
"Did you," he asked, "interpret that
to mean that you would abstain from
polygamous cohabitation?"
"I interpreted it to mean that I
should do all that was right."
, "Did you think it would be right to
abstain from polygamous cohabita
tion?" . r
KNOWINGLY BREAKS LAW.
A LARGE FAMILY.
"Well, tell us about that," several
members qf the committee demanded.
"I cannot, repeat it," said the wit
ness. . • v
, "Do you mean to say that you do
not know the ordinary marriage cere
mony of the church?" asked Senator
Hoar severely.
''Yes, I know that," answered the
witness. • '-¦;;*
"And was : not that what was
asked?" he was dsked.
The witness said it was. He was
told to give the substance of it. He
said he and his wife stood up and
joined hands. . . •
"Then they made you promise some
thing:, did they not?" inquired Senator
Hoar.
"Yes, sir."
"But you have forgotten what it
'was?" the Senator remarked, with a
laugh. . ,
"Oh, no, I have, not forgotten," said
Merrill. He then said "that he had
promised to love", cherish and support
the woman. . • ¦ . •
Bepresentatives Wax Warm
Over Various Measures Re
lating to Ship Kegistry
Six Persons Killed anji a
Number Are In j ured , in
a Disaster in Alabama
Continued From Pace 1,. Column 3.
CLAIM BILLS
CAUSE DEBATE
LIVES ARE LOST
IN A COLLISION
I Afri clot Arc
LCj!lMdtUl\
Hear About
-Mormoiiism
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , -WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1904
2
t**& of. her life. Becoming
a mother should be a Source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
severest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy ; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions arc
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming' event, and the
serious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's |9fg Afi[{kAf!\9/>
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," lfBS||i ifi^l %
says many who have used it. $1.00 per. IlSvllIVl O
bottle at drug stores. Book containing ;
valuable information of interest to all women, will BCffkSitfkBl* jfi
be eent to any addreea free upon application to H*H By lill
ERADFIELD" REGULATOR GO.m Atlanta, Ga, B 1 IVlBU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTIKF.MENTS.
||r Every commercial house, like j|
Wf every public man, should stand . fj
I for some principle, and this house \
stands for Quality and Low Price. Qual- |
ity always— all goods on our floors are
standard goods. Low price always—the !
lowest price at which good goods can be
sold. Here is what we offer for the last
of the week specials : |
|l DRAPERY DEPARTMENT I
All Lace Curtains; Single Pair Lots, Half Price u
Real Arabian Curtains, Dentile Arabians. Marie Antoinettes, |1
Irish Points and a dozen other patterns. Regular prices from $1.50 Jj
to $37.50, all cut in half. , Jj
$3.00 Couch Govers, This Week for $1.95 I
$3.50 Couch Covers, This Week for $2.25 U
In beautiful deep shades of red. green, olives and Roman stripes, n
or with rich colors in Oriental effects. y!
FURNITURE DEPARTMENT I
§8.00 Upholstered Parlor Chair, $5.85 |j
This week we ar.e introducing new lines of Parlor Furniture. M
j Beautifully finished, firmly made and exquisitely carved, our parlor V4
floor is a floor to be proud of. And as an inducement we offer this M
finely upholstered, mahogany finished Parlor Chair for $5.85. g
STOVE DEPARTMENT §
$45.00 Worth of Stove for $29.00 I
A big $45 Quick-Meal Steel Range, with an $8 gas |
attachment ahd plate warmer, at the price of a small i
cast-iron stove. You should not miss this offer. The g
combination of a Quick-Meal Steel Range with a gas n
attachment this week for $29. . B
"The Credit House" 233-235-237 Post Street |
The Biggest. Furniture House on the Pacific Coast F1
DK. KILSIER'S SW AJiP-BOOT. .
TROUBLE AND DON'T KNOW |T
£¦' I; |! iV> \ \ .{:¦¦ - j j hf » _ .^^^m^^ 1^
To Prove what Swamp-Rdot, the Great Kidney Remedy.
Will Do for YOU. Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys ore responsible for more sickness
end suffering than any other disease— therefore, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is . permitted" to continue,
fatal results are *>ure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention — but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
if you are sick or "fed badly," begin tafcing Dr. Kilmer's
the great kidney. liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and
bladder remedy, is soon realized. It
stands the highest for its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases.
Swamp- Root will set your whole sys-
tem ripht. and the best proof of this
is a trial.
63 COTTAGE ST.. JIELROSE. MAES.
l^ar Sir: Jan. 11th. 1904.
"Evtr ftn/-e I was In the army I had more
or l.t-v ktfnev trouble, and within the past
ve»r it b«-<arrie b.i severe and complicated that
I Buffered everything and was much alarmed —
my s=tr«?n«th and power wa* fast leaving me.
I u« an &dv*Ttlpwner.t of kwamo-Root and
? rote askir.s for advice. I began the use of
»he BM4Scta> and noted a decided improvement
¦ ftrr taking Swamp-Root onlr a short time.
1: ec.itiriu^d it* us- and am thankful to say
th»t I am eettrely cured and ptrcng. In order
tn r-e very cure about this, I bad a doctor ex-
err.'ne come of my water to-day, and he pro-
nount-vd it all richt and Izi rplendid condition
I knew that your Pwamp-Root i» purely wi;-
rtable rrA doee not contain eny harmful
drugs'. Tnankliur you for my complete, recov-
ery and r«comtEendin< Swamp-Root to all euf-
lertr*. 1 am." Very truly yours,
I. C. RICHARDSON.
You may have a sample bottle of this
famous k:dney remedy. Swamp-Root
sent free by mail, post-paid, by which
you may test its virtues for such dis-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged
to pats your water frequently night and
cay, smarting or irritation in passim?
EDITORIAL NOTE.— So succ
curing even the most distressing ca
blcs, that to prove its wonderful n
and a book^of valuable information, b
book contains many of Che thousand
ters. received from men and women
Swamp-Root is so well known that o
sample bottle. In sending your add
ton. N\ V., be sure to sav vou read
eiMro Daily Call. The proprietor of t
of this offer.
brickdust or sediment in the urine,
headache, "backache, lame back, dizzi-
ness, sleeplessness; nervousness, heart
disturbance due to bad kidnev. trouble,
skin eruptions from bad blood, neural-
gia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloating, ir-
ritability, worn-out feeling, lack of am-
bition, loss of flesh, sallow complexion,
or Brifcht's disease.
If your water, when allowed to re-
main undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
is evidence that your kidneys and
bladder need immediate attention.
Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent and
bladder specialist. Hospitals use it
with wonderful success in both slight
and severe cases.- Doctors recommend
it to their patients and use it in their
own families, because they recognize
in Swamp-Root the greatest and most
successful remedy.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
is for sale at drug stores the world
over in bottles of two sizes and two
prices — fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
member the name, Swamp-Root, Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, ' and the ad-
dress Binghamton, N. Y., on every
bottle. /
essful is Swamp-Root in promptly
,ses of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
nerits you may have a sample bottle
»oth sent absolutely free by mail. The
Is upon thousands of testimonial let-
cured. The value and success of
ii^r readers are advised to send for a
Iress to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bingham-
this generous offer in the San Fran-
this paper guarantees the genuineness
' ADVERTISEMENTS. :
Is a strong poink with
Hood's Sarsaparilla. A
bottle lasts longer and does
more good than any other.
It is the "only " medicine of
which can truly be said
lOODOSESONE DOLLAR
ADVERTISEMENTS*
IPn vlK Nolan Bros. Shoe Co.
Wi? IS RETIRING
Jjir FROM BUSINESS
waMffil *?2t A And every shoe in our immense stoci
j^^^^L^^^S^j must be closed out.
IHSffl BUSINESS IS BOOMING
But there is a reason for it. The
. SSwBsi^aSf wonderful shoe bargains we are giv-
'ni^^™ * n ** wou^ make business boom any-
Thousands of people came through
.^HraggSH . the rain to buy these $3.50 shoes for
•TSSSa^ $2.50, and yet we have thousands left
• , for those who come this week.
THIS WEEK WE WILL CLOSE 00T
700 pairs Men's Genuine Patent We are closing out about 800 pairs
Colt Lace Shoes, latest styles, of Laird. Schober & Co. 's ladies'
...... ..^. . pair.
I2 °?. :P*!//f^I^ S°x Calf and pa ; rs Johnston & Murphy's
shoes. All sizes. This^O AO very latest styles, all sizes, all
week .". .. \p£.\J\J widths, at J?4.5O and $5.OO.
It would take too much space to quote prices, but they are about
one-half what you would pay elsewhere, FOR THE GOODS MUST
BE SOLD.
SHORT LINES on the bargain counters at 50c, 75c and $1.00.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
NOLAN BROS
PHELAM BUILDIIMO 8l2 -si4 market street
numm puiL.mmu fta|1 0 »FARRBLL STREETTelephone Company in Contempt.
HONOLULU, March 2. — Judge
Gear has given a decision adjudging
the Mutual Telephone Company in
contempt of court because it pub
lished a March telephone directory
without the name of S. M. Ballou, a
subscriber with whom the company
is in litigation. An injunction was
pending ordering the company to re
frain from in any way interfering
with Ballou's service. The court or
ders the company to place his name
in every book it has issued, within
five days. * i
laying 1800 feet of drainage pipe across
marsh lands belonging to the univer
sity. On motion of Judge Slack the
application was referred to the Flood
endowment committee.
Regent Budd signified that he would
like to be informed as to the time when
a secretary would be chosen, so "he
could be present.' He also made inquir
ies concerning the next budget and
was informed that it would be sub
mitted to the board early in May. :^\':
Carter Destroys Combination.
HONOLULU, March 2. — Governor
Carter has denied a petition of the
Builders' and Traders' Exchange to
have bidding time on public contracts
which are advertised restricted so
that mainland firms cannot compete
with local firms. The Governor re
ceived Information that a combination
was being formed among bidders for
a large wharf contract soon to be ad
vertised.
Mate Charged With Cruelty.
John Doe Brown, mate of the ship
Argyle, was arrested yesterday by
United States Marshal Shine on a
• hrirK* 1 . of beating and wounding 1 on
the high seas a sailor named Henry
Comisky. United States Court Com
missioner Heacock set Fridav of this
neek as the date for the examination.
Coraisky charges that because the
mat** was dissatisfied with the manner
:n which he did the work Brown
knocked him down upon the deck and
kicked him in the face and ribs.
SCIENTISTS WORRYING
ABOUT ARCTIC EXPLORER
Offer- Reward for Information Con
cerning Baron Toll, Missing Since
November, 1902.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 8. —
The Academy of Science has offered
53750 to any one giving information in
regard to the whereabouts of , the
party of Baron Toll, the Arctic ex
plorer, from whom nothing has been
heard since he left the yacht Zarla in
1902 and started for Bennett Island.
The Zaria has not reached Stockholm,
as published by a news agency in the
United States. Baron Toll and his
companions are believed to have been
carried out to sea by the Ice off Ben
nett Island in November, 1902.
Japanese Laborers Cause Strike. .
HONOLULU, March 2. — A strike
has begun among the stevedores here
owing to the employment of a num
ber of Japanese in place of members
of the union. Whites, Hawaiians and
Portuguese are among the strikers.
The local union is a member of the
International Longshoremen, Marine
and Transport Workers' Association
and has sent notice to headquarters
with a view to securing outside co
cperation. Notice of the vessels on
which Japanese are working is to be
sent to the coast by the mail to-day
and the strikers expect that union
men will refuse to unload these ves
sels at their ports of destination. The
local union has 500 members.
BENICIA GETS BATTERY
OF ANCIENT ORDNANCE
Guns Purchased From .Austria by
Late Kins Kalakaua Ordered
Sent to Solano Arsenal.
HONOLULU, March 2. — A battery
of eight field guns which was secured
from Austria by the late King Kala
kaua during his tour of the world in
1885 have been ordered sent to the
Benicia arsenal. They were regarded
as of very fine pattern in their day,
but are out of date now. The pieces
were supposed to have been given to
Kalakaua as a present by the Em
peror of Austria, but after the King's
return to Hawaii a bill was presented
for them, which was only paid after
considerable controversy. The guns
were used in the revolutions of '93
and '95.
COCRT-31ARTIAL FINDS
MORSE GUILTY OF NEGLECT
Paymaster of the Wisconsin Ix»ses
Ten Xumbers in Rank as Result
of Recent Trial.
MANILA, March 8. — John Wise
Morse, paymaster of the battleship
Wisconsin, who recently was accused
of irregularities in his commissary
fund accounts, has been tried by a
court-martial and exonerated from the
charge of misappropriation of funds.
The court-martial, however, found him
guilty of neglect of duty and sentenced
him to be reduced ten numbers in
rank.
LONDON, March 8.— Two most inter
esting questions were answered by Pre
mier Balfour in to-day's Parliamentary
papers, giving replies to questions. The
first referred to fiscal matters, and Mr.
Balfour said:
'The declared policy > of his Majesty's
Government does not include the taxa
tion of food, and it is "not proposed to
deal with the fiscal question during the
current Parliament."
The second answer raised the wide,
question of the use of neutral ports by
belligerents.- John L. Wilson (Liberal),
who asked the question, referred to the
use which Russian warships recently
made and are still making of the ports
of Candia, Suez and Port Said, and!
suggested the desirability of communi
cating to the neutral powers possessing
seaboard or trade routes between Great j
Britain and the East, particularly the ;
Mediterranean and the Red Sea, the i
views of the British Government as to
the duties of neutrals in regard to the j
treatment of warships of belligerents
seeking to use neutral ports in connec- 1
tion with operations of ships of neutral i
powers. ' i
Mr. Balfour, while not explaining the
Government's attitude, admitted « that
the points raised were of the greatest
international importance, and said they
were receiving the attention of the
Government.
Guy C. Earl, Peter C. Torke, Alden
Anderson, J. TV. McKinley, Thomas J.
Kirk, Charles S. Wheeler, Charles W.
Slack, Rudolph J. Taussig, John E.
Budd, A. W. Foster, John A. Britton,
I. W. Hellman, Chester Rowell, C. N.
Ellinwood and Benjamin Ide Wheeler
attended the meeting of the University
Regents at the Mark Hopkins Institute
yesterday afternoon. Regent Earl pre
sided.
The appointment of Dr. Rjcnard
Henebry to be instructor in Celtic phil
ology was announced by President
Wheeler and confirmed by the board.
The compensation allowed is $1000 per
annum, that amount having been set
aside at a former meeting of the Re
gents. t
The president reported that Dr. Hene
bry received his degree of Ph. D. from
the University of Greifswald, where he
was a student under Professor *55im
mer, one of th'e most distinguished
Celtic scholars In Europe. He has also
studied with Professor Strachan of
Owen's College, Manchester, England,
and with Professor Thurneysen
of. Freiberg in Germany. He was
brought to the president's at
tention by Professor Strachan,
who has been associated most promi
nently with the scholarly side of the
Celtic revival in Great Britain. Pro
fessor Strachan was a fellow student
with President Wheeler In Germany
years ago. Dr. Henebry until quite re
cently was professor of Celtic philology
in the University of Washington, D. C.
and has more recently been engaged in
lecturing in Ireland and England. The
central interest of his studies lies in the
modern Irish literature, but he has
studied middle Irish and old Irish, and
he will be able to give courses in the
comparative philology of the Celtic lan
guages and in the earlier types of tho
Celtic literatures.
President Wheeler made further an
nouncements as follows:
On March 1 there was received from
D. O. Mills a further contribution of
$4000 toward the expenses of the Mills
expedition to South America.
Mrs. Hearst has presented $600 for a
portion of the salary of the profesor
ship of pathology for the remainder of
the current fiscal year. This ls in con
tinuation of a similar gift at cur
rent Intervals for some years past.
M. Braverman of Vlsalia has- present
ed to the university a collection of sev
en medals, some valuable mineralogical
specimens, and to the botanlqal mu
seum some specimens of cork wood
grown in Visalia. '
HISTORICAL ESSAY PRIZE.
The president submitted the following
communication from Regent R. J. Taus
sig, president of the Mechanics' Insti
tute:
BAN FRAJCCISCO, March 1, 1804.
President Benjamin I. Wheeler, University of
California, Berkeley. Cal.
Dear Sir: The Echcme presented herewith
has been carefully thousht out by competent
authority lor which I have the highest regard,
and I am -encouraged in the belief that it will
meet with your approval and support:
Considering the service that has been ren
dered to the cause of historical reftarch by
the establishment of prizes for historical es
says, and considering that the historical work:
of Mr. James Bryce began with the essay prize
that he won at Oxford in 18C3: and consider
ing the official relations existing between the
Mechanics' Institute of Ean Francisco and the
University of California, the president of the
Mechanics' Institute, sincerely hoping that the
modest offer may be only a beginning to be
Improved upon, hereby offers the sum of one
hundred <?100) dollars to be awarded under
the title of "The Bryce Historical Essay" un
der the following conditions:
first — Competitors must be either seniors or
graduates of less than one year's standing in
the University of California. They must be
less than 25 years of age. and must have spent
at least two j-ears as regular students in the
university.
Second — The Drire shall be ' awarded on
Charter day. - rg ¦;
Third— The subject for the Bryce historical
esFay prize shall be selected by the examiners
from American or EuroDean history-
Fourth — The examiners for the Bryce his
torical essay orlie shall b« three in number,
appointed by the president of the University
of California. Two of them shall be profes
sors of history In the University of California,
who shall submit the essays In their Judgment
most worthy of consideration to the third ex
aminer, who shall not be connected with the
University of California, and whose judgment
shall be final. If In the Judgment of the ex
aminers no essay of sufficient merit has been
I>re?ented there shall be no award in that
year.
Fifth — The essays mifst b« typewritten and
trust be handed In unsigned to the recorder
bv January 15 following the announcement of
the subject. Each c«?ay must bear a dlfttin-
Kufshins mark or word, and must be accom
panied bv an envelope containing the name of
the competitor. Yours truly.
• RUDOLPH J. TAUSSIG.
The foregoing proposition was unani
mously accepted by the board.
THE -SECRETARYSHIP.
The finance oommittee reported, re
questing: that further time be granted
for the selection of a secretary.' It was
announced that more than 100 applica
tions for the position had been re
ceived.^ Further time was granted.*
The grounds and building committee
was duly authorized by resolution to
invite bids and enter into contracts for
the construction of California Hall, at
an outlay not to exceed $250,000. The
same course was taken with reference
to the new- power plant for the con
struction of which the sum of $50,000
is allowed. The committee was also
authorized to enter into a contract for
grading at the Affiliated Colleges, pro
vided the sum expended was within
the limit of $6000, the. amount allowed
by the Legislature.
A communication was received from
Attorney General WeSb, wherein an
opinion was. given that Assemblyman
Honry E. Carter of Los Angeles.
Speaker pro tern., did not become a
Regent of the university by reason of
the resignation of Speaker A. G. Fisk.
Privilege to build a flume across. Isa
bel Creek, on Mount Hamilton lands
belonging to the university. was granted
some time ago to the San Jose Lighting'
Company. The. Bay Counties Power
Company, having purchased the prop
erty of the San Jose company, now
asks permission to maintain \ the
flume. The subject was brought? to the
attention of the board by. Regent Slack
and on his motion referred to the 'Lick
Observatory committee. \/\
The-Menlo Park. Sanitary, District
Board has applied 'for the privilege : of
SAX JUAX, March 8.— A semi-official
leter received here from San" Pedro de
Maeoris, Santo Domingo, dated Feb.
29, gives details of the bombardment of
San Pedro de Macorls, February 27, by
the Dominican warships Presidente
and Estrella. The captain of the Presi
dente, a Spaniard, and sixty men on
board of her were killed, with only six
of the crew escaping without injuries.
In all seventy-four men were killed
and twenty-five were wounded on the
two ships. The insurgents lost thirty
six men, killed or wounded. The Presi
dente was driven away at daybreak
February' 28, the insurgents hauling up
a field piece during the night and un
expectedly opening: fire upon her. •
Several defeats of the ' troops of
President Morales, with heavy losses,
have been reported lately. General Jose
Amador, who captured at San Antonio
de Guerrera a quantity of provisions
and clothing and $2000 in cash, is now
a prisoner at San Pedro de Maeoris.
English Statesman Admits
Government Is Engaged
With Difficult Problems
Finance Committee Granted
More Time to Consider Ap
plications for Secretaryship
Government Vessels Driven
Away by Unexpected Fire
at Daybreak* From Rebels
HISTORICAL ESSAY PRIZE
EXPLAINS NEUTRALITY
MAXY INSURGENTS DIE
Dr. E. Henebry of Washing
ton University Made In
structor in Celtic Pnilology
Premier of Great Britain An
swers Question Begarding
Two Important Matters
Dominicans Suffer Great
Loss During Bombardment
of San Pedro de Maeoris
ATTACK ENDS
DISASTROUSLY
REGENTS HOLD
BRIEF SESSION
BALFOCR TELLS
OF THE TAXES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV -WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1904.
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN OLD XSSA "~~~ ™~
Shown to Be Absolutely False by Modern
Science.
People used to think that baldness was
one of those things which are handed
down from generation to generation,
from father to son — Just like a - family
heirloom. " • • ",
Science has shown the falseness of this
belief by proving that baldness itself is
not- a constitutional disease, but the re-
sult of a germ Invasion of which only
Herpicide can effectually rid the scalp.
Washing only cleans the scalp of
Dandruff — it doesn't kill the germs.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the
effect.". ¦ . ¦
N'ewbro's Herpicide will do this in
every case. It is also a delightful dress-
ing. .
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c
in stamps for sample to The Herpicide
Co.. Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Boars the ./]&. y/ P>^^lT
Signature of Wt^-^75%^
?There is no pepper in
Schilling's Best ginger ; there's
nothing wrong in Schilling's
Best anything.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Only a Few Days Left for
These Big Bargains
liN
Children's Wash Suits
/^OODS of such excellent quality were
never before sold at such prices.
C All absolutely new in styles, patterns, mod-
els and cuts. . . ... . . . ' . . .
SAILOR SUITS : ~~
With Plain and Bloomer Pants
50c quality at 4Oc
5 1 .00 quality at 7Oc
1.50 quality at 95c
2.00 quality at $1.35
2.50 quality at 1.8O
RUSSIAN BLOUSE SUITS
With Bloomer Pants
75c quality at \ ...... . . ..55c
$1.00 quality at .....TOo
1.50 quality at ..95c
2 00 quality at ... 35
2.50 quality at I.*..*."."., l.'ao
-
Special Sale of Boys'
35c Overalls at 25c
Not more than two to a customer
CL Out-of-town orders promptly filled
RQQS BROS.
K EARN Y AT PO S T
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
WHAT TEA DOES, TO
RHEUMATICS.
you next take tea. think of this.
Ten contains 175 grains of Uric Acid
In every pound.
Meat contains only flve to seven
prains.
Rhcuraati/sm is I'ric Acid In the blood.
I'ric A«^d accumulates from food when
th»- digestive apparatus cannot create
fao'jgh Alkaline elements (like soda) to
neutralize it.
This Arid collects urea, or worn-out
•waste matter, from the system.
That rna enters tbe blood when Alka-
line a(*on has not previously dis-
solved :t.
By and by tbe waste matter reaches
the. joints ar.d muscles, through circula-
tion of the blood.
Tfcrr* It gradually deposits In solid
particles, like granulated sugar.
These solid particles grind between
the joir.ts end muscles at every move-
ment.
1 h:» rTlndins causes Irritation and
rain.
The«e la turn m&T develop Inflamma-
tion ar.d Bw«lllEg. That inflammation
bestirs Nature to help herself.
She proceeds to coat the hard Uric par-
tic! es over with cushions of pulpy mu-
cous. !ike the flr6t healing strata of an
outer sore.
This j'ulpy covering grows to the
bones, as well as to the particle* deposit-
ed. There It hardens like plesfr or
««al!ngr wax. Then we have "bony
Joints, " almost Inflexible, and usually
fixed In a bended position, from the pain
ar.d Iraamnsation.
Tbat 1* Rheumatism at its worst.
It Is bad enough before It gets that
Jar.
There is but one sore way of curinf
Bhe-.itr.et'.sm. The firet step ls to neutral-
ize tbe Uric Acid already In the system.
Xext. to dissolve, and carry away, th«
£axd deports that grind between the
'joints. Then eet the digestive apparatus
Into ruch healthy condition that It will,
unaided, pro.-'.uce less Uric Add. and
inore Alkaline*.
This is what Doctor* generally have
Called to do.
It :s what I studied a lifetime to ac-
complish, and achieved only after many
failures and thousands of experiments.
At last I found, ia Germajiy, a Solvent
which wo.s not only effective, but abso-
lutely safe to use.
Few agents powerful emough to be ef-
fective Li Rheumatism are safe.
My discovery, now called "Dr. Snoop' ¦
Ttheumatic Cure," sots directly, but In-
ternally, upon Uric Acid In the Joints
end muscles.
It dissolves, and carries off. the pain-
ful deposits. prcdurrTng an immediate Al-
Valln* condition of the blood, and neu-
Jralizis? the Add In It which would
have fed the Rheumatism and extended
the disease.
It won't restore bony joints to flexibil-
ity, and it can't undo. In a week, the
dansp* caused by years of rh«-umatle
condition.
But it will beneflt every ca«e. and it
will entirely cure most cases of Rheuma-
tism.
So sure am I of this, that I will supply
T)t. SY. oop's Rheumatic Cure, to any sick
one who writes me for !t, on a month's
trial, at my risk.
If it succeeds, the cost to him is only
$5.50 for the six bottle treatment.
If it fails, I bear the whole cost my-
•*lf. ,
And — he alone shall be the Judge—
shall decide who shall pay.
Surely you will not continue to Buffer
when you'ean thus get well, at my risk.
I ha've written an important Treatise
or. Rheumatism, telling of its relief and
cure.
It is free to Rheumatic people.
Write me a post card for It to-day.
Address Dr. Snoop, box 3630, Racine,
TV is.
P. S.— Simple cases often yield to one
bottle cf'Dr. Skoop's Rheumatic Cure.
( Druggists $r. ) But all druggists do
rot supply it on a month's trial. You
must writs to me for that. C. I. S.
Spring Patterns Now In |
M Made-to-Order Suits
*^
s^fil^-** an(^ woman who wants to —
k Qt k fi n(^ n T^ e Delineator all that
' j^^^^^^mi ls newest, if correct, in the season's
styles— and only that which is cor-
T^^^^^^^^ rect among the new presentations.
" ' For more than a quarter of a century it
n|^^m^^^J^Bft\ has given the first news and the final word on
all subjects of dress for the American woman.
i^^^^^SB^^^ The Delbeator has come to be the con-
yTy^fw^fiFSMP necting link which binds together more
. • / I iffllLHKM^^Br than one million American homes. It is
iSSk ififiSBKg^ more than a "magazine" as the term is gen- ,
ffiHsiP 1|£^9£hI erally understood — for it is the living-room .
&$P^ /MMuJBffiK. °^ e Ctelineator Family, probably the
largest organization of women
/j^^PM^^^^^^fa^Hi^MlK^ Delineator covers these subjects. |
excess of even the yearly subscription to this cyclopedia of woman's knowledge
The Kterary features are of equal interest — notably the beginning of a serial story told by the camera, 'Around the
World in Eighty Pictures," being the unique souvenir album of a honeymoon trip which compassed the globe
and brought back the most interesting bits of it in superb photographs. A score of other features go to prove
"the most necessary magazine for women" 5
Ull IS JUST OUT; BE SURE TO GET IT
Of your newsdealer or any Butterick agent, or of the publishers, at 15 cents a* copy ; $1.00 a year
. ! A THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY, limited. Butterick Buikfing. New York
i ¦ ¦ i ' ' ¦ i ¦- ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ i ¦ i ¦ ¦ i ¦ ¦ _ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ii _ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ — —^—^"— "^^— i^"
:the; weekly call, $i per year.VLADIVOSTOK, March 8. — Despite
the appearance of the Japanese fleet
off the harbor yesterday and the bom
bardment of Sunday, the inhabitants
of Vladivostok are in good spirits.
Crowds promenade the streets as usual,
including many women. A perform
ance in the theater occurred to-night.
JAPAN CONTINUES
LANDING OF TROOPS
IN EASTERN KOREA
VLADIVOSTOK GAY
IN THE MIDST OF
WARFARE'S PERILS
replied that if the Russia/i Minister
would withdraw in a peaceful man
ner, taking with him his staff and le
gation guard, he would be fully pro
tected by Japanese troops. -. He did
so withdraw of his own free will on
the 20th of February, and an escort of
Japanese soldiers was furnished him
as far as Chemulpo. In this connec
tion it may be remarked that the Rus
sian Consul at Eusan remained at his
post as late as February 28.- It is re
ported : that he was . compelled to stay
that long in the absence of , instruc
tions, which the Russian Minister; ap
parently did not care to give him. be
fore his own departure. .When it was
made known that necessary instruc
tions had at last reached the Russian
Consul ; and » that he desired to . leave
Fusan as soon as possible,-* the* Japan
ese Consul at > the : same ¦ port offered
him every- facility "for his
and his passage to Shanghai was ar
ranged by the latter."'
BELGRADE, Servia, March 8.—
The Servian Macedonian committee
has decided to break "off relations with
the Macedonian revolutionary move
ment. '¦'•. .
Servians Are for Peace.
SHANGHAI. March 8.— The rigid
censorship placed by the Japanese
authorities on all telegraphic dis
patches, both press and private, has
caused many of. the foreign corre
spondents to seek a field of news on the
mainland. Correspondents who have
reached here from Tokio report that
the censorship is more perfect than
they have ever encountered, and is ex
ercised on inter-communlcation as well
as on foreign matter. Traffic on the
wires has trebled and their original
carrying capacity is reduced because
the War Department and the Foreign
Office each has taken possession of
the many trunk lines that run south
through the empire. The exactions of
the censorships and the difficulties of
inter-communlcatlon have served to
largely obscure the view of the corre
spondents and probably have resulted
in much conflicting news from various
points. It is expected that when the
corps of newspaper correspondents
who are now. In Toklo are finally al
lowed to go to the front, a serious con
dition of telegraphic service will re
sult, as the land lines are not adequate
to the traffic they will be called upon
to carry. . .
The regulations- for the government
of foreign newspaper correspondents
have been promulgated and are iron
clad. One article provides that if a
war correspondent violate* the crimi
nal laws, the military criminal laws or
the law for the preservation of military
secrets, 'he may be punished according
to military law by court-martial.
Forward Movement of Cossacks.
BLAGOVESCHEXSK, East Siberia,
March 8. —The last-detachment of. the
Aigun Cossack Rifles has left here for
Tsitsihar, Manchuria. The Japanese
remaining here will be sent to Stre
tensk. ¦¦"•;;¦¦.-'
RIGID JAPANESE
CENSORSHIP BALKS
WAR CORRESPONDENTS
WASHINGTON. March 8. — Postmaster Gen
eral Payna baa been detained at home for mr
eral days by a severe attack of stout. Secre
tary Wilson Is confined to his homi with rrtp.
Austria and Italy are not moving at
Constantinople, where all . the powers
therefore, except Russia and Great
Britain, are quiescent.
Russia would not use the Dardanelles
now if she could, in the opinion of ex
perts here, because her Black Sea fleet
is not ready for a Far Eastern cam
paign, and if it were ready Russia
would wait until her Baltic fleet was
thoroughly equipped. It Is believed that
Russia could not hope for a decisive
naval success without the Baltic, Black
Sea and' Mediterranean .squadrons
uniting and proceeding east together,
as- otherwise they would be destroyed
piecemeal.-*
BERLIN, March 8.— The Porte has
thus far met the requests of the Rus
sian Embassador to Turkey, Zlnovieff,
to permit the Black Sea fleet to pass
the DaiCanelles by naming conditiona
wholly unacceptable to Russia. One of
these conditions, naturally, is that Rus
sia shall break off or evade the fulfill
ment of her agreement with Austria
respecting the Balkans, give the Sultan
leave to settle the controversy by his
own methods and that Russia shall as
sist Turkey should Austria, or other
powers dispute the Sultan's decision.
Russia rejected these proposals as pre
posterous, but she renewed her request,
to which there seems little likelihood
of the Sultan yielding, as British diplo
macy is active in Constantinople in
urging upon the Porje a strict observ
ance of the Berlin treaty. France, so
far as can be perceived here, has not
seconded Russia in this matter.
Such a step as permitting the Black
Sea fleet to pass the Dardanelles would
be regarded diplomatically as a breach
of neutrality on the part of Turkey,
though Great Britain's opposition to it,
being aimed at the maintenance of the
status quo, is not so considered. Rus
sia's diplomatic weight in Constantino
ple has been somewhat reduced by the
occurrences In the Far East. The Pocte
will give nothing without a heavy price.
Germany expresses no opinion on the
subject. The most that Germany would
do in. the event of a bargain between
Russia and Turkev for the release of
the Black Sea fleet would be to main
tain silence, neither advising nor as
sisting either party. The Government
here Is looking ahead. It can conceive
of a time when It will be to Germany's
advantage to have a portion of the
Russian navy locked up.
"According to reports of the events
of March 7 the enemy's squadron reap
peared at 8 o'clock in the morning near
Vladivostok. They entered Ussuri Bay
and proceeded along the coast without
opening fire. The, squadron then re
turned and headed for Cape- Gamova
(Posslet Bay), which it reached at 3:40
p. m. The enemy finally turned off
when opposite Pallas Bay and departed
in a southerly direction." <.
"Upon arriving off Mount St. Joseph
and the Ussuri Bay battery the squad
ron, preserving the same ortfer, made
toward the- battery. The ships opened
fire from both sides, evidently first
using blank cartridges in order to warm
their guns. At" 1:45 p. m., when at a
distance of eight versts from the shore,
the leading ship opened fire with her
forward guns, and then the entire
squadron steamed along the shore, fir-
Ing their port guns as they went. The
enemy did not fire while turning. After
the third turn the . squadron, at 2:25
p. m., ceased firing and steamed off to
the southward, about ten miles to the
right of Askold Island, finally disap
pearing at 5:30 p. m.'
"In all the enemy fired about 200
shots, with no effect. No damage was
done to the fortress or the entrench
ments, and in the town and at other
parts of the fortifications the damage
was insignificant.
"The garrison is in excellent spirits,
and the operations of preparing the
batteries for action were carried out in
perfect order.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 8.—Vice
roy Alexieff has sent the Czar the fol
lowing telegram:
"MUKDEN. March 8.— I have the
honor to communicate to your Majesty
the following details of the events of
March 6: The enemy's squadron ap
proached Vladivostok toward 11 o'clock
in the morning, having passed near
Askold Island. After several maneu
vers, which involved changes in' the
squadron's order of battle, two' cruisers
were left to the north of the island and
the remaining vessels of the squadron
steamed along the coast of Ussuri Bay
parallel to the shore, keeping about fif
teen versts (approximately ten miles)
therefrom.
'LONDON, March 9.— The Far East
ern news published here continues to
be most meager. The dispatch of Vice
roy Alexieff adds practically nothing to
the accounts of the Vladivostok bom
bardment, contained in the dispatches
of Monday. There is no confirmation
of the rumor that the Russian Vladivo
stok squadron has been engaged and
the Tokio correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph, cabling on the night of
Tuesday, March 8, says:
"No details have : yet been received
of the fight at Vladivostok."
The whereabouts of the Vladivostok
squadron is still unknown, and it would
appear to be quite unlikely that a na
val battle has occurred.
The sending of Marquis Ito on a
mission to Korea is regarded here as
the most significant news of the day,
and is believed to indicate a virtual
protectorate over Korea, which will be
come the Japanese military base and
source of supplies. Marquis Ito enjoys
great prestige. He visited the Emperor
of Korea in- 1898 and since then he had
been held in the highest esteem by the
Emperor, who often consulted with
him.
It is reported from Shanghai that
Viceroy Alexieff is preparing to remove
his headquarters to Harbin, after hav
ing in vain ordered the Tartar general
to dismiss the Chinese garrison • at
Mukden.
In Shanghai it is believed that the
Japanese will attempt the seizure of
Newchwang as soon as the Ice clears.
The Chefu correspondent of the>Daily
Express reports that a large Japanese
fleet has been seen proceeding in the
direction of Newchwang.
Among other unconfirmed reports, it
is said at Yinkow that the- Japanese
have advanced to Fenghoancheng,
about forty mileB northwest of Wiju.
Any persons, therefore, desiring to
assist this worthy cause, may leave
their contributions with Mr. H- Yoshi
oka. secretary of this society, at 420
California street, and same will be
duly acknowledged and forwarded.
Very respectfully,
TOKU UYENO. President
The following appeal for contribu
tions to the Japanese Red Cross fund
has been received:
Office of the Japanese Benevolent So
city of California.— To the Publishers of
The San Frajicisco Call— Gentlemen: I
venture to ask that you will kindly
give publicity to the fact that this so
ciety will receive contributions de-
Finned for the use of the Red Cross
Society in Japan during the present
war. We are advised that such contri
butions -will be gratefully accepted by
the Japanese Government.
RUSSIA'S BLACK SEA
FLEET WILL NOT BE
PERMITTED TO LEAVE
ALEXIEFF SENDS
FURTHER DETAILS
OF BOMBARDMENT
LONDON DISCREDITS
THE TOKIO REPORT
OF NAVAL BATTLE
JAPANESE SOCIETY
SOLICITS FUNDS FOR
RED CROSS WORK
The forthcoming visit of- Marquis Ito
as a special Embassador from the Em
peror c-f Japan to the Emperor of Ko
rea claims general attention. It was
originally planned to send a promi
nent Japanese to Seoul as a permanent
resident, adviser to the Korean Gov
ernment, and various names were sug
gested. The announcement that the
Marquis Ito is going is a surprise. In
official circles it is insisted that the
object of Marquis Ito's visit to Korea
is not politically important.
It is denied that Jaran has any
new plan to execute. It is thought,
however, that Marquis Ito will make
an investigation of the general condi
tion of Korea and formulate possibly
some recommendations which will be
useful In the adoption of a policy for
the future.
TOKIO. March 8.— The Japanep* Go-v
err.mont is considering the advisability
of Fe«kins to secure immediately a loan
in America and Europe- Although it
is estimated that enough bonds can be
told at home to provide sufficient
money to prosecute the war for at least
a year and a half. and. although many
Japanese statesmen and financiers be
lieve that Japan is capable of waging
war to a conclusion without borrow
ing a single cent abroad, and have. In
a spirit of national pride, counseled
that no foreign loan be sought, yet it
is felt that there may arise in a year
or two a contingency when money may
be seriously needed. It is believed that
it would be better to place a loan now,
if possible, rather than attempt to do
6O in a future crisis, when money may
be badly needed.
WASHINGTON, March 8.— The Jap
anese Minister Is authorized by his Gov
ernment to give to the press the fol
lowing statement, received on the 4th
insL:
"The Imperial Japanese Government
is given to understand that the Rus
sian Government has recently address
ed a note to the powers In which
the Government of Japan is charged
with having committed certain acts in
Korea which are considered by Russia
to be in violation of international law
and all future orders and. declarations
by the Korean Government are de
clared on that account to be invalid. The
Imperial Government does net find it
necessary in the present Instance to
concern Itself In any way with the
views, opinions or declarations of the
Imperial Russian Government, but
it believes it to be its right and duty
to correct misstatement of fact which,
If permitted to remain uncontradicted,
might give rise to incorrect inferences
and conclusions on the part of the neu
tral powers. Accordingly the Govern
ment of Japan makes the following
statement respecting the five acts
which in the note referred to are de
clared to be fully proved and con
firmed:
"1. It is charged under this head
ing that 'before the opening of hostili
ties against Russia Japan landed troops
in the empire of Korea, which had
declared its neutrality.' The Imperial
Government admits that Japanese
troops landed In Korea before the dec
laration of war was issued, but not
before a state of war actually existed
between Japan and Russia. The main
tenance of the independence and ter
ritorial integrity of Korea is one of
the objects of the war and the dis
patch of troops to the menaced terri
tory was a matter of right and neces
sity, which had the consent of the Ko
rean Government. The Imperial Gov
ernment drew a sharp distinction be
tween the landing of Japanese troops
in Korea under the actual circum
stances of the case with the sending
of aSarge body of Russian troops to
Manchuria without the consent of
China, as was done by Russia, while
peaceful negotiations were still In pro
gress.
"2. Under this heading it is alleged
that Japan 'with a division of the Japa
nese fleet made a sudden attack on the
Sth inst. — that is, three days before the
declaration of war— on two Russian
warships which were in the neutral
port of Chemulpo and whose command
ers had not been notified of the rupture
of relations, as the Japanese malicious
ly stopped the delivery of Russian tele
grams by the Danish cable and de
stroyed the Korean Government's tele
graphic communication. The Imperial
Government declares that the allega
tions under this heading are untrue.
The Imperial Government did not stop
the delivery of Russian telegrams by
the Danish cable, neither -did they de-
Btroy the Korean Government's tele
graphic communication. Regarding the
alleged sudden attack on the 8th of
.February on two Russian men-of-war
in the port of Chemulpo, it is only
necessary to say that a state of war
existed and that,* Korea having given
her consent to the landing of Japanese
troops at Chemulpo, the harbor of Che
mulpo" thereby ceases to be neutral, at
least as between the belligerents.
"3. It is charged under this heading
that 'in spite of existing international
laws, shortly before the opening of hos
tilities Japan captured as prizes of war
the Russian merchantmen which were
in the neutral ports of Korea.' The Im
perial Government has established the
prize court, with full authority to pro
nounce finally on the question of the
legality of the seizures of merchant
vessels. Accordingly it would be mani
festly out of place for the Imperial Gov
ernment to make any statement re
garding the assertion under this head
ing. .
"4. It is asserted under this number
that Japan declared to the Emperor of
Korea, through the Japanese. Minister
at Seoul, that Korea would be hence
forth under Japanese administration,
and warned his Majesty that in the
case of non-compliance Japanese troops
would occupy the palace. The Imperial
Government declares the charge under
this number to be absolutely and wholly
without foundation In fact.
"5. Under this heading it Is charg
ed that the Japanese Government
'forwarded a summons, through the
French Minister, to the Russian rep
resentative at the court of the Em
peror of Korea to leave the country
with the staff of the Russian legation
and consulate.' -The Imperial Gov
ernment denies" the accuracy of "this
statement No demand, direct or In
direct, was addressed by the Japan
ese Government asking the Russian
Minister to retire from , Korea. The
French Charge d* Affaires, called on
the Japanese Minister- at Seoul and in
formed him verbally, as he did after
ward in writing, that it was the de
sire of the Russian Minister to leave
Korea and asked the opinion of the
Japanese Minister with reference to
the matter. The Japanese Minister
The correspondent repeats the state
ment that the Russian force Intends to
leave Port Arthur to save itself.
Commenting editorially on the Far
Eastern conflict, the Times says: ,
"The situation doubtless is continuing
to develop as rapidly as the season,
considerations of prudence and the de
lays inseparable from movements of
troops on a great scale in countries
where there are few practicable roads
will permit. We know that three di
visions have been landed at Chemulpo
and other troops have been conveyed
to other Korean ports, but there is
reason to believe the main body of th>i
Japanese army has not yet crossed the
sea. A large number of transports,
with room, it is estimated", " for 300.000
men are gathered in Japanese porta,
with many attendant colliers.
"Should the three divisions which
have crossed the sea have reserves
mobilized already this would make a
force available- for action not greatly
ehort of 170,000 men. But this figure
by no means represents the strength cf
the army Japan can put into the field
on the continent of Asia. At a few
days' notice she can mobilize as large
a number again and have them ready
to embark in five or six days after the
issue of the necessary command.
» "The destination of this force is a
secret of the Japanese strategists, as
is the moment when it will be dis
patched to deliver its blow."
LONDON. March 8.— A dispatch to
the Morning Post from Shanghai says
the | Japanese mobilization is proceed
ing' methodically and without undus
haste. Everything points to the- main
force being landed somewhere between
Port Arthur and the mouth of the Yalu
River.
A second expedition is being sent to
Newchwang. The Russians are not
preparing to hold Newchwang. which
probably will be occupied by th« Jap
anese. It is therefore probable that
the Russians will withdraw from tha
Yalu and concentrate at a position mora
suited for meeting an attack.
Special Cable to Th» Call and X«w Tot*
Herald. Copyright. 190*. by th« N«w Tor*
Herald Publishing Company.
The branch of the Russo-Chinese Bank
at Newchwang has been closed,- while
the Russians there are preparing to
evacuate the place. Two thousand
two hundred additional infantry hav9
been sent to Mukden, while many
small detachments of infantry and
cavalry are being scattered throughout
West I.,iaotunK Peninsula. Paul Les
sar, the Russian Minister at Peking, is
pressing upon the/Chinese Government
a demand that the whole of Manchuria
be thrown open for the operations of
troops durinsr the war.
Matters have become very serious in
Vladivostok in regard to provisions.
Fresh meat from Xikolsk Is no longer
obtainable.- There is" still, however, a
supply of flour, consisting of 13,500
sacks.
On March 2 a number of soldiers
were sent to the neighboring islands
of Popoff, Askold and Putjatin to
shoot deer for food. Crowds awaited
their return on the beach. When they
came back with the spoil the carcasses
were torn to pieces on the spot. Only
a few civilians secured fragmcr** of
the meat.
The Japanese have received full re
ports concerning the Russian prepara
tions for defense against a Japanese
advance in Manchuria. Extensive
earthworks are being rapidly thrown
up from a point nine miles south of
Haicheng, on the line from New
chwang. to Liaoyang and there shortly
will be an unbroken line of earthworks
from Kaiping to Liaoyang. Seven
thousand natives, who have been com
fnandeered by the Russian military au
thorities, are being made to work night
and day under the supervision of Rus
sian officers.
SHANGHAI, March 8.— An engage
ment between Japanese and Russian
troops occurred on the coast about 100
miles from Vladivostok. The Russians
fled, abandoning their arms and stores.
Such is the report that reaches here
from Osaki, Japan. There Is probably
a connection between this report and
a similar one given out from mission
ary sources a month ago, but never
confirmed.
Special CaM» to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. lDOt. by the New Tork
Herald Publish) ne Company.
Denies That the Law
of Nations Has Been
Violated.
Great Preparations lire
Made for Defense of
Port Arthur,
Expects Far East Con
fiict to Continue
Many Months.
ill Threaten Russia's
Yalu River Army
From Rear.
Japan Will Try to Ne
gotiate a Loan in
America.
Japan Replies to Ike
Accusations Made
.¦by Russia,
Troops to DisembaTk on
the Eastern Coast
of Laiotung.
Report 1111 Russian Mil
itary Operations in
Manchuria.
As gathered from the fragments of dispatches that are permitted to pass the military censors in the
Far East this is the present situation in the theater of war: Japan's naval 'operations appear to be cen
tered In an attempt'*to destroy the Russian Vladivostok squadron, (if this "has not already been done, as
claimed in Tokio), while at Ihe same time keeping the Czar's Port Arthur fleet "bottled up*' in the L.iao
tung harbor. The cutting off of the Vladivostok squadron' from its home port was the result of clever
strategy on the part of the Toklo tacticians, who deceived the enemy into the belief that all of the Japan
ese ships were operating off the western coast of Korea. Considering himself in no danger, the Russian
commander put out of the Siberian harbor for his second cruise along the coast of Japan in search of prizes.
While one Japanese squadron, by making a wide detour, got between the Russian ships and their home port,
another is said to be hurrying northward to either destroy them or drive them Into the first squadron,
which Is waiting at the entrance of Ussuri Bay, near Vladivostok. 'Thu?i hemmed In by two numerically,
stronjjcr squadrons, the Russian ships seem doomed to destruction. The four cruisers of the Vladivostok
squadron — the Rossiay, the Gromoboi. the Rurik and the Bogatyr — are among the finest In the Cznr's navy
and their lo*s would be an irreparable disaster. The Japanese warships now off Vladivostok are believed
to be those under the command of Rear Admiral Urhi, which destroyed the Russian cruiser Variag and
the gunboat KoreiU at Chemulpo at the outbreak of the war.
Japan's preparation* for the land campaign are nearly completed. All of the troops sent to the
western coast of Korea have debarked and the first division has reached Pingyang. • The others are ad
vancing as rapidly as bad roads and inclement weather conditions will permit. Meanwhile the landing of
troops on the Kastern Korean coast Is continuing and these are preceding westward, through almost
impenetrable mountain defiles, to effect a juncture with the western army at Pingyang. The two forces
are believed to aggregate in the neighborhood of 120,000 men. When all shall have reached the rendezvous
at Pingyang the general advance "will be ordered. Tokio advices state that the combined forces are ex
l>ected to arrive at the Yalu River by March 16.
- Northwestern Korea is overrun by Cossacks, who have been busying themselves with the destruction
of. bridges and telegraph lines to obstruct the Japanese advance. However, the Russians have shown no
disposition to make a stand, their outposts failing back steadily before the Japanese advance. All of the
heavy fortifying by the Russians I* being done on the west bank of the Yoln and it is probable that the
river will mark the line of serious resistance to the Japanese. The Russian army intrenched on the Yalu
numbers probably 80,000 men.
Of the land operations in other directions much is left to conjecture. The debarking of Japanese troops
south of Xrwcliwans. with the intention of capturing: that town and advancing southward on Lino tang Peninsula
for a land Investment of Port Arthur, has been reported from various sources, and probably with truth.
The Japanese force that landed at Pos.«iet Hay. far up on the eastern coast of Korea, Was' only a «*nall one, and
Its object is yet in doubt. Ru-sia also is landing troops on the northern coast to protect the flank of the
army on the Yalu.
It is probable that after disposing of the Russian Vladivostok squadron the Japanese will begin a
land and sea attack upon Vladivostok, simultaneously with the investment or Port Arthur, while their Korean
army attempts to wrest the frontier from the foe and cross the Yalu for an invasion of Manchuria,
RUSSIAN SHIPS ENTRAPPED By CLEVER STRATEGY OF JAPANESE
Continued From Page 1, Columns 5, 6 and 7.
WAR FUNDS
ARE NEEDED
BY MIKADO
FALSEHOODS
CHARGED TO
THE CZAR
BROWN MEN
WILL FLANK
THE ENEMY
SPIES KEEP
TOKIO WELL
INFORMED
MOVEMENTS OF FLEETS AND ARMIES
JAPAN'S MAIN ARMY WILL LAND BETWEEN PORT ARTHUR AND THE YALU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL". WEDNESDAY. -MARCH 9. 1904.
ported to have been damaged and sent back to Sasebo for repairs. The increase of Togo's strength
indicated that Admiral Uriu's division had joined the main fleet, and that there were no Japanese
warships, remaining in northern waters. This probably was the case, but after assisting for a short
time in the bombardment of Port Arthur, Uriu's ships withdrew, steamed hurriedly to Sasebo for a
fresh supply of coal, and then, making a wide detour, appeared unexpectedly before Vladivostok last
Sunday morning.
The result was just what the Japanese expected. Believing themselves in no danger from at
tack, the Russian cruisers had again left Vladivostok for a raid in Japanese waters, or to cover the
landing of troops in Northern Korea. . Their retreat is now cut off, and the "flying squadron,"
which was dispatched after the sailing of Uriu northward, is fast approaching the vicinity where,
it is t>elieved, the Russians will be found. It is not improbable that a naval battle has already been
fought. -
1 he Vladivostok squadron consistsof; the cruisers Rossiay, Gromoboi, Rurik and Bogatyr,
under the command of Captain Reitzensfein. "The Bogatyrjs a protected cruisers and the others are
armored cruisers, the four being among the most powerful in the Russian navy.
SAX RAFAEL. March 8.— Vincent Lewis of
Oakland.- charred with perjury, was acquitted
this afternoon by a Jury. The prosecution of
fered testimony, that Lewis swore falsely to a
marriage" Ucensa on December 16, 1901.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 8.— The
Russian Kennel Club to-day offered to
provide . the Red . Cross Society, with
dogs trained to find and relieve the
wounded on the battlefield and the of
fer prbbably will be accepted. These
dogs carry restoratives and a "flrst
aid"' package attached to their collars.
. ' The Gazette urges a boycott on Brit
ish goods and ships. . , j ¦
PARIS, March 8.- — The. Temps this
afternoon prints a' dispatch from St.
Petersburg, which says:
"The landing of Japanese troops
continues near Wusan, Korea. " Most
of the; forces are; proceeding to Ping
yang. . It is the 'expectation "that .the
Japanese, will take the offensive as
soon as they .« have concentrated ¦ their
troops. The Russian tactics will be
strictly defensive for some time. -« The
Amur and; other streams, will. be used,
so" soon as , they are free of - ice, for
carrying military supplies." _
DOGS WILL CARRY
AID TO WOUNDED
ON BATTLEFIELD
Many supposed Japanese have been
arrested, but when examined they
were proved to be Chinese or Koreans.
Commanders of merchant vessels and
pilots who have a thorough knowledge
of the coast and of navigation have
been enrolled as ensigns in the navy.
Snow has been falling for the last
two days.
4
JKO. J. FUXTOK CO.
We Do
Not
•TTe note that you <Jo not ask for or present
testimonial! except in-chronic cawa of Bright's
Disease. Nobody el*e in the world could make
¦ny *howlr.» on tho«e limitation* and yet you
s*"em to cet more than you • can publish.
¦Th*r«'« ncthlnc like it In modern medicine.
It seems proven that you bave the most seri-
out ana effective Kidney medicine the world
has ever seen— in fact, the only one that li
puccewful in the lingering chronic case* that
mn heretofore incurable. Caae« hav# yielded
tipre that everything el»e had failed on. You
have no competitor. We recommend your '
U«ta! Compound abov* everything- for Kidney '
troubles, and it cure«."
H. H. MATNARD.
Petaluma. Cal.. March 1, 1904. k<
Over fcrty ycare of conservatism and re-
liability have given Mayr.ard's Petaluma 4r*Jg-
vtore one of the best reputations In this State,
and the iabove c»n be taken without reserve.
Aad Maynard is right. We do not desire testi-
monials except in chronic cases of Kidney dis-
ease that are known to be incurable by all
oiht^r meane.
And be is right again In saying that we hav«
mure than we can publish. For Instance, last
week we were notified to see Captain IIolJ»-
worth cf Stockton steamer — that he had i»-
ccvered from Bricht'e ' Dlseas*. ' although, his
physician believed he was incurable. A letter
from HiUard A Crowell of New Britain, Conn.,
says: "Write to James A. McKlrdy. Charles
' C Hlcby and Mrs. B. Farley of this city. AH
either cured or bo greatly .relieved that they
will give you latter*." W. O. * Carcthers, a
(•oTnmi^rion merchant of this city, called en u«
ti fcivt- us the name and address of a wonder-
ful recovery of a lady In the Western Addition
after the case was ' deemed hopeless, etc., etc.
If you ha\-e Kidney trouble start right with
the only thing known that will cure It In all
rt&gts— Fulton'* Renal Compound, compound-
ed solely by Jno. J. Fulton Co., 409 Washington
at.. San Francisco. At all first-class druggist*'
In ibis city. Send for literature and list of
coast and Eastern agents.
THE WAR
IN_THE EAST
Wait, Horth and South That Stuart**
DyiDtpsia Tablet! Xs Wagfcur Asraiart
All l*orm« of Stomach Trouble
Can Only Ead. On* 'Way.
2>y»p«psl» Will B« Driven OS ti» Eartiu
The great and effective work ol
Stuarfa Dyspepsia Tablets Is no longer
confined to America. They are being
used now all over the world, for their
fame has spread throughout foreign
countries and they cure dyspepsia in
all lands and all climates Just as well
as they do at home. In fact, sur-
rcundlngs and conditions never inter-
fere with the successful work o!
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, not even
the conditions of the stomach itself.
They go ahead in their own natural
way regardless of the stomach and
digest th« food that the bad stomach
cannot digest and permit .that organ
to do just as it pleases, rest up, taka
a vacation, get well or what not. Th«
stomach, however, always makes it a
point to get well when it has nothing
else to do. That's what stomachs al-
ways have done and will continue ta
do when they have the opportunity.
A prominent Detroit physician says:
"I prescribe Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
for all cases of stomach trouble.- 1
have tried many prescriptions, includ-
ing a number of my own, but find
nothing that gives such 'universal re-
lief as this remedy. They are natural
harmless and thoroughly effective In
their work, and while I have a natural
antipathy to patent medicines, I do
not hesitate to prescribe and recom-
mend Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets on ai
occasions."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are foi
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box
They are so well known and theii
popularity is so great that a drussisi
would as soon think of being out o:
alcohol or quinine. The above testi
monial of the physician is no excep-
tion. In fact physicians are prescrib-
ing them all over the land and if youi
own doctor la real honest with you h»
will tell you frankly that there is noth-
ing on earth so good for dyspepsia ai
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7,
O"UARAirrx;Ex> cuks tob me3
HABMTiESS INJECTION. Cures ordinar:
cases in a few day*. Warranted to curl
worst cases. JTO OTHER TBEATMXB"!
BEQUIEED. Prevents and Cures Stric
turns. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sate -ml:
7. S. KLLY'S PHARMACY. 102 £d4y: "William' John turned on the gas in
his room at 541 Sixth street yesterday
morning and then commenced to search
for a match. He soon became over
come by the escaping fumes, but
revived after being removed to the
hospital. . Oswald Hasselacher was also
a victim"of carbon niorioxlde poisoning.
He left the gas partly; turned on in his
room, 108 Eighth street, before retiring.
He recovered "consciousness j soon after
he reached ' the hospital and returned
to'hJa room. - #
ALGIERS, March 8. — The French
cruiser Dassas burst a tube in her
boiler as she was starting for the Far
East'to-day, in company with four tor
pedo-boat destroyers. Four men were
severely scalded and the cruiser was
obliged to return to port.
Accident on French Cruiser.
TOKIO, March 8.-*-According to
Port Arthur reports- the Russian war
ships Retvizan and Askold have been
refloated and salvage work is proceed
ing on the Cesarewitch.
•-: ¦ - - . N.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. CopyrKJht, lfiO4. by the Xew York
Herald Publishing; Company.
Telegraphing from St. Petersburg,
a correspondent of the Echo de Paris
says that, contrary to the statements
cabled from Port/Said, the Russian
squadron under command pf Admiral
Wirenius will return to Libau,' on the
Baltic, in a few weeks, leaving only
one cruiser and several torpedo-boats
in the Mediterranean.
PARIS,. March 9. — The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Matin says
that Vice Admiral Makaroff has ar
ranged with Viceroy Alexieff/ a plan
of defensive operations. Vice Ad
miral Makaroff is declared to be anx
ious to make an aggressive move, in
order to put an end to the blockading
of Port Arthur.
RUSSIANS FLOAT
WARSHIPS HIT BY
0 TOGO'S TORPEDOES
MAKAR0FF EAGER
TO ATTACK TOGO'S
JAPANESE FLEET
The. communication says that the
assumption that Russia was influenced
by political motives, such as cherish
ing designs on Chinese territory, in
making this protest, is erroneous. Her
motives were purely, military. The
presence .of Chinese troops on the
Manchurian border might result in
unpleasant occurrences. The St. Pet
ersburg Government Is fully convinced
that China, honestly intends to main
tain a strict neutrality, but this con
centration of troops would endanger
such neutrality. The Peking Govern
ment is itself not sure of its troops.
BERLIN, March 9. — The Tageblatt
this morning publishes a statement
regarding the motives of Russia in
protesting against the concentration
of Chinese troops on the Manchurlan
frontier and intimates that it originat
ed with the Russian embassy in Ber
lin.
BERLIN EXPLAINS
CZAR'S PROTEST
TO PEKING COURT
PERSONAL.
William P. Wall, an attorney of
Woodland, is at the California.
Isaac Minor,* a prominent redwood
lumberman of Humboldt County, is at
the Lick.
William M. Ladd. one of the leading
lawyers of Portland, is registered at the
Palace.
IJark L. McDonald, a well-known cap
italist of Santa Rosa, is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. Charles S. Van Norden and War
ner Van Norden of New York are at
the Palace.
Kcnry and Robert Weinstock, prom
inent merchants of Sacramento, arrived
at the Palace yesterday.
Homer Davenport, the noted cartoon
ist, arrivc-d from the East yesterday
an<i is regrzstered at the Palace.
AV. H. Bancroft, the newly a pointed
general manager of the Union Pacific
Jlailroad, arrived here yesterday from
Omaha, but stopped over only long
f nough to rermit his car to be trans
ferred to the coast line, and then de
jarted for Southern California.
Californians in Xew York.
NEW YORK, March 8.— The fol
lowing Californians have arrived at
the hotels:
San Francisco — A. Landsberger, at
the Imperial; J. B. Warner, at the
Grand Union; J. S. Humphrey, at the
Continental.
San Jose — T. S. Young, at the St.
Denis.
Los Angeles — Miss E. Bosbyehell. at
the Continental; J. H. Adams, at the
Herald Square.
Profensor Stephens to Lecture.
The eleventh lecture in the univer
sity extension course on the French
revolution now being held by the Me
chanics' Institute will be delivered at
the Mechanic?' Pavilion Art Gallery
lo-morrow night. The subject of the
lecture is "Merlin of Douai, the Ther
midorian." The lecture will' be deliv
ered by Professor H. Morse Stephens.
George W. Dixon Dies.
George W. Dlxon, formerly a resi
dent of Grass Valley, but for quite a
number of years a resident of this city,
where he was engaged in the tobacco
trade and real estate business, died at
his home, 112 Devisadera street, yes
terday after an illness of several
months. Mr. Dixon was quite promi
nent in fraternal societies, being at
one time a leader in the Ancient Order
of United Workmen, but subsequently
he 'was a prominent figure in the
Royal Arcanum, being secretary of
Argonaut Council and also alternate
representative to the governing body
of that order. He was for a number
of years the recording secretary of Sar
gent Lodge of the Independent Order
of Odd Fellows. He was a native of
Rochester, N. Y., and 63 years of age.
He leaves a widow and two sons.
Japanese Arrested for Forgery.
Keze Tapaze, a Japanese, was ar
rested last night on a charge of forg
ing small checks on local banks. Ta
paze is an old offender, having already
served time in fc-an Quentin.
Claims Ward Owes Him Money.
The suit of Joseph W. Phillips
against his former ward, Charles Wal
ter Phillips, for $1130 he claimed to
have advanced him for clothing and
maintenance, was on trial in Judge
Graham's court yesterday. A motion
for a cionsuit was made by Attorney
Theodore Roche for the defendant.
The motion was taken under advise
ment by the court.
PARIS, March 9.— The Matin this
morning publishes a dispatch from
Harbin, Manchuria, in which the cor
respondent says the weather is still
stormy at Port Arthur and the sea ex
tremely rough. It is rumored from
Liaoyang, the,- correspondent contin
ues, that a small house near the rail
road stalion there Is being prepared
for the occupancy of General Kuropat
kin.
The railroad company has been
obliged to advance three months* pay
to numerous employes, who otherwise
would not be able to feed their wives
and children. The price of foodstuffs
has been Increased extravagantly and
the population is begging that a scale
of prices be fixed officially.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Figaro has sent an interview with
General Sakharoff, Minister of War,
who, while refusing to give the number
of men concentrated in the Far East,
says the military authorities were well
pleased. There was no lack of troops,
he said, but the means of transporta
tion beyond Lake Baikal were.inade
quate, and he was about to send 120
locomotives and 2000 cars beyond the
lake In order to move the troops more
rapidly.
General Sakharoff declared that the
number of troops to go to Manchuria
had not yet been fixed; he would send
what was necessary, and he admitted
that the minimum would be 400.0Q0.
The question of supplying the army
with provisions did not cause anxiety.
General Sakharoff said he had no
knowledge of any plan to withdraw
the troops from Port Arthur, leaving
the town to its own defenses. The cor
respondent of the Figaro, however, af
firms positively that this plan was
elaborated in St. Petersburg, and adds
that it was first revealed by a man
whom nobody in Russia can disavow.
VIENNA, March 8.— The Reichsrath
reassembled to-day after a recess of
three months' duration. The address
of Dr. von Koerber, the Austrian Pre
mier, was extremely pessimistic. Here
tofore his speech opening the session
has been cheerful and hopeful, but to
day he spoke as though he had lost all
hope and declared that the situation
verily presented a picture of a parlia
mentary graveyard. " The opinion of
the Premier seemed to , be generally
shared.
Among other things the Premier said
that Austria-Hungary regretted deeply
the Russo-Japanese war and would ob
serve the strictest neutrality during
the conflict. Referring, to the Balkans,
he hoped that after the proposed re
forms had been carried out there would
be no further agitation there.
The present session is tolerably cer
tain to prove as barren of results as
preceding sessions, the Czechs- being
determined to continue their obstruc
tion, which the Government seems
powerless to overcome.
AUSTRIAN PREMIER
HOLDS PESSIMISTIC
VIEW OF FUTURE
WASHINGTON, March 8. — Senator
Perkins to-day reported the fortifica
tion bill, with a net increase of $50,000
over the bill as passed by the House
and making the total of the bill as re
ported to the Senate $7,637,192. The
principal increases are: For purchase
of submarine torpedo-boat for use of
school and submarine defenses, $250,
000: for ammunition for machine and
automatic guns, $100,000; for am
munition for sea coast cannon, $150,
000; for construction of sea coast bat
teries in the insular possessions, $200.
000; the appropriation in the House of
$200,000 for sites and defenses of the
Hawaiian Islands is eliminated.
Perkins Reports Fortification Rill*.
COPENHAGEN, March 8. —
Throughout Scandinavian countries,
but. more, particularly in Sweden and
Denmark, the war has awakened grave
fears for. the position of the northern
people. The Far East is regarded as
a* safety ¦ valve . for Russian energies,
«lo4 a* loan aa tiuk RiusUjos were fully
The wife of Admiral Stark, the for
mer commander of the Russian fleet at
Port Arthur, has returned here from
Port Arthur. She is » very indignant
and denies the report that the admiral
and his officers were ashore attending
a ball at the time the Japanese at
tacked the Russian squadron. Madame
Stark declared her husband-did 1 not
pass a night ashore after he took com
mand of the squadron. On 'February
There is no truth in thereports that
the Japanese fleet bombarded Vladi
vostok all day yesterday. According
to the latest information the fleet
simply showed itself and sailed away
without firing a gun. One reason ad
vanced here for the appearance of the
Japanese In northern waters is their
probable desire to regain possession of
the Island of Saghallem which was
ceded to Russia by Japan. It is point
ed out that the whole of Northern
Japan will be. threatened with famine
if the -food supply derived from the
island of. Sagrhalien fisheries is Cut off.
Nine-tenths of the exports go to Japan;
in addition to which Japanese boats
have been carrying on piratical fishing
along the coast, which has exhausted
the fish supply of the Amur estuary.
The native tribes there are suffering
from hunger and typhus. The Rus
sian Government will prepare a gun
boat flotilla on the Amur to provide
protection to the fisheries as soon, as
the river is free, from ice.
ADMIRAL'S WIFE IRATE.
A naval service organ here argues
lengthily that the present Japanese
naval disposition presages a movement
on a large scale in the sea of Japan.
The paper accounts for all the Japa
nese ships, reckoning the battleships
Fuji* and Shikishima, the armored
cruisers Iwate and Asama and the pro
tected cruiser Takachiho as being in
lured.
The Glyn Mills Currie Company and
London bankers have sent £250 to the
Red Cross. On all sides I hear favor
able comments on England's newly ap
pointed Embassador, Sir Charles
Harding. Altogether there is a wave
of peace and good will in political re
lations with all nations except Japan.
Although the Japanese squadron now
off Vladivostok is superior to the Russian
squadron in numbers and guns, consist-
Ing of a battleship and four armored
cruisers, two of which are believed to
be the Idzunia and the Yakumo, and
two unarmored cruisers, the four
armored cruisers under Captain Reit
zenstein—the Rosslay, Gromoboi, Rurik
and Bogatyr— are among the finest ves
sels in the Russian navy, constituting
as sister ships a homogenous fighting
unit, and experts here are not certain
that they could not take the measure
of Rear Admiral Uriu's ships.
JAPANESE NAVAL PLANS.
A number of experienced Vladivo
stok pilots have been accepted as ad
miralty lieutenants aboard warships.
The special Tibetan mission, which
should have reached here a little while
ago, has notified the Government that
It will postpone its visit to a more suit
able time.
The Grand Duke Cyril telegraphs
that he has passed Lake Baikal. The
Emperor has sanctioned Prince Napo
leon, who Is here and who is a son of
Achilles Murat, going to the fighting
lines.
CYRIL NEARS THE FRONT.
Two German officers who are going
out as war correspondents applied to
General Kuropatkin to go with him. He
refused, saying that he could not at
tend to such matters now, but that he
would meet them at Mukden and there
i^ve a decision on their application. I
mention this incident because it has
been distorted into a refusal to allow
German attaches to go to the front.
The Emperor has just assented to
the formation of a volunteer corps of
1000 men, consisting of Bulgarians,
Montenegrins and Servians, to go to
the front, but on condition that they
must be thoroughly qualified in every
respect for hard service and be sec
onded by their own armies.
It is estimated that General Kuro
patkin can reach Mukden in about fif
teen days.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 8.— Much
earlier than originally stated. General
Kuropatkin will start on Sunday next
for the seat of war. He will make his
headquarters at Mukden, whereas Vice
roy Alexieff will reside at Harbin.
The accelerated departure of General
Kuropatkin denotes that the mobiliza
tion of Russian troops has proceeded
much more rapidly than was expected,
and also that the Japanese intention to
precipitate a conflict is fully realized.
About .4 0,000 tribesmen inhabiting
the Trans-Baikal territory have peti
tioned the young Czarina to be allowed
to continue their tribal relations and
not be placed under the Russian ad
ministrative system, with the alterna
tive of permission to migrate to Mon
golia. The Czar telegraphed, declining
to grant the tribesmen's request.
Count Orloff Bashokoff has given
another $100,000 toward the fund be
ing raised to strengthen the navy.
CZAR'S FAR EAST
ARMY TO NUMBER
AT LEAST 400.000
8 all of the officers and the crews were
on board at 6 o'clock in the afternoon
and at 8 o'clock at night the admiral
held a council' of war on board the
flagship instead of opening a ball in
honor of his wife's birthday. This
was followed by a sham attack at
11 o'clock that night, confirming in
this respect the press account of the
attack as j cabled March 5. On the
day. of the bombardment a shell ex
ploded over the head of Madame
Stark's daughter, but did not injure
her.
occupied in forging their way toward
the Pacific the Scandinavians felt they
might escape from the tender atten
tions of the Russian bear. It Is not
too much to expect that If the Jap
anese be victorious and Russia foiled
in an attempt'to reach the Pacific she
may turn to the Atlantic and seek to
annex a portion of the Swedish and
Norwegian seaboard. ,
A greater danger, however, lies in
the possibility of war not being con
fined to the present combatants. If
it extend to Europe the neutrality of
the Scandinavian countries may be
endangered. There is growing up a
strong party opinion favorable to a
Scandinavian combination to jointly
guarantee neutrality.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1004, by the Xew York Herald Publishing
Company. ¦
Movement of Czar's Troops Proceeds More Rapidly Than Was Ex
pected and General Kuropatkin Will Hurry to the Front.
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio, March 8.—
Five companies of the Ohio National
Guard are on their way on a special
train by order of Governor Herrick in
response to a request of th« city and
county officials.
During the afternoon threats were
heard that the levee, the negro sec
tion, would be burned. It is said the
negroes are determined to avenge the
lynching of Dixon. Fearful of the con
sequence of the mutteiings about the
city, a conference was held in the
Mayor's office to-night by the Mayor,
the Sheriff, two members of the Board
of Public Safety, the County Prosecu
tor and others.
As a result of this deliberation a tel
gram was sent to Governor Herrick
asking for six companies of militia and
requesting that the local companies
be stationed In their armories. In re
sponse to this the Mayor received a
telegram to the effect that the request
would be compiled with at once and
asking that the Governor be kept fully
advised on the situation. The saloons
were ordered closed.
At 11:20 the threat of the mob, fre
quently made through the day and
evening, was finally made good and a
volume of flame was 1 seen La shoot up
from the rear of a place occupied by
"Les" Thomas, a saloon-keeper. Pre
ceding the firing of. the building, the
mob at a distance of 100 feet, shot at
the front of the building for half an
hour, but it la not known whether any
of the occupants had remained In the
building and If they did whether any
fatalities resulted from the shooting.
The fire spread both ways from Thom
as' i>lace.
It is thought the mob will not toler
ate any effort of the Fire Department
to put out the flre in the levee dis
trict, buVwill offer no resistance in the
attempts to confine the flre to the
buildings along Washington street.
known as the levee. These buildings
are old frame structures, ranging from
one to three stories In height. They
are for the most part saloons, dwell
ings and small rooming-houses. There
are a few branch offices maintained by
downtown firms in the vicinity. To
the north of the levee, or "Washington
street, running parallel with it. is East
High street, the most beautiful as well
as the most fashionable thoroughfare
in the city. There is little or no dan
ger, however, of the flre spreading to
this thoroughfare.
At midnight the entire block on
Washington street, from Gallagher
west to Spring, is on flre, with no
hope of saving any of the buildings.
The troops from Cincinnati. Mlamis
burg and Dayton will be here on a
special train within fifteen minutes.
They are urgently needed, as it is en
tirely probable that the negroes will
make good their threats to flre the
business district of the city and dyna
mite the jail and other county build
ings.
At 2:30 o'clock this morning the
flre had burned itself out and both
mob and spectators have for the most
part dispersed. Quiet prevails and
the mob Is evidently well satisfied
with its night's work. Probably
twenty small buildings were destroyed
by fire.
Major Ira McNutt. who has been sta
tioned at Benicia Barracks, paid ' his
farewell call on General MacArthur
yesterday, as he leaves for his new post
at Wat»rton Arsenal, Mass., within the
next few days. . :
Colonel Henry C. Ward, Fifteenth
Infantry, stationed at Ord Barracks,
registered at headquarters yesterday.
Major W. E. Birkhimer, general staff,
assistant the chief of staff,' Pacific
Division, arrived in town yesterday
from Washington, D. C, and at once
paid his respects to General MacAr
thur. Mrs. Birkhimer will follow later.
John H. Mitchell, Troop L, was ap
pointed yesterday as squadron sergeant
major of the Third Squadron, Ninth
Cavalry. Mitchell was educated at
public schools at New Haven and
passed a free competitive scholarship
for admittance into the Connecticut
Literary Institution at Sheffield. He
was elected to fill the place of Henry
F. Walls, who disappeared from the
post on February 18 and has never been
heard of since. Walls was dropped
from the army list as a deserter on
February 28.
Five hundred marines are due to ar
rive from Washington, D. C, at 4 a. m.
on Thursday. Special tugs will convey
them to the transport dock and they
will board the transport Buford, which
is now scheduled to sail sharp at noon
the same day.
The ..avy Department yesterday
supplied the different officers of the di
vision and department at headquarters
in the Phelan building with large and
comprehensive maps of Korea, China
and Japan, and also of Panama and
environments. These now adorn the
walls of the different offices and were
consulted with much interest by the
officers yesterday.
Prominent among the officers are
Colonel Henry Wygant, Twenty-sec
ond * Infantry; Lieutenant Colonel
Henry P. McCain; Major Frank de L.
Carrington, First Infantry; Major
Leonard A. Lovering, inspector gener
al's department, Manila; Major George
H. G. Gale, Inspector general's de
partment, Manila, and Major John Els
ton Baxter, quartermaster's depart
ment. The Thomas will be due here
late Monday night or early Tuesday
morning. .
The 230 mules which arrived from
Missouri two weeks ago and have been
quartered on the Presidio flats do not
take kindly to their environment; at
least, they haven't taken kindly to the
climate they have come into. SevucaJ
of them have died, several are sick,
and they seem to nearly all present a
sort of mopish appearance. The strong
breezes that float in through the Golden
Gate are apparently too strong for
their constitutions. T'ley are destined
for service in Manila and will be sent
there as soon as the transport Dix Is
ready to receive them. -
The fine new gymnasium at the Pre
sidio is now practically completed and
will be thrown open for the use of en
listed men of the post next Monday.
Lieutenant Beauford R. Camp will
have charge of the management of this
useful addition to the post. With Cap
tain Louis R. Burgess he is busily en
gaged in drawing up the rules and
regulations which will govern the
running of that Institution. The build
ing and apparatus has cost Uncle Sam
somewhere in the vicinity of $50,000.
MAPS OF SEAT OF WAR.
Troop L Ninth Cavalry, under com
mand of Captain Charles Young, will
be the attacking party, and will ad
vance upon the McDowell-avenue en
trance, adjacent to the golf club house.
Troops K, L and M, under command
of Major Bigelow, will reconnoiter the
grounds of the Presidio over different
portions, with the idea of trying to
locate the spot at which the enemy is
liable to attack the post. The exer
cises will begin at 8:30 a, m.
The transport Thomas Bailed on Mon
day afternoon from Honolulu for this
port. Besides the Eleventh Infantry
and 400 Philippine scouts she brings a
large number of casuals.
OFFICERS COMING HO^IE.
Major Bigelow, commander of the
Third Squadron, Ninth Cavalry, is
still keeping up the vigorous drilling
that has characterized his work since
he took charge of his command at the
Presidio. For to-day he has outlined
what is termed problem field exercise.
From the elaborate preparations made
it should not only be a fine and ex
haustive drill for the troopers, but at
the same time it should be a pictur
esque sight for the onlooker. It practi
cally consists of an attack from the
enemy from the outside of the post,
and the attempt of those in charge of
the Dost to hold the situation.
Blank cartridges -will be fired galore
and the exercise is intended to smack
in every way of actual warfare.
The police arrived soon, and a search
of the place by them failed to reveal
the burglars.
Five minutes after the police had
gone Henley was standing in front of
the house when one of the much
sought burglars rushed from the base
ment of the place, and, almost knock-
Ing the startled Henley over, rushed
down Laguna street. His pal was seen
to emerge from Jefferson Park and
join him. The two were pursued by
Henley, but escaped.
The brave action of the little girl was
highly commended. The /allure of the
police to find the hiding man Is a mys
tery.
The bravery of a little thirteen-year
old girl prevented the burglarizing of
the home of Jacob Meyer at 1115 Turk
street Monday night. .The neighbor
hood for a time was in a state of great
excitement. The, ¦ police were sum
moned, but failed to find the burglars.
The Meyer family went .to a party
and left the little girl at home. The
child sat in the front room with the
gas out and looked into the street. She
noticed two men watching the house
from the opposite side of the street,
but thought nothing of it. A few min
utes later she went to a corner gro
cery to purchase some candy. "When
she returned she noticed that the men
were gone. On entering the house she
heard the burglars at work In the base
ment. She did not scream, but quietly
telephoned to Mrs. Meyer, telling her
there were burglars in the house.
Mrs. Meyer and her sons, Julius and
Herman, immediately rushed home.
The police were telephoned for. Julius
Meyer seized a revolver and stood at
an upstairs back window, waiting for
the burglars to appear.
Mrs. Meyer began screaming and a
police whistle was blown. These noise3
brought Charles Henley, a musician, to
the house. He went bravely in search
of the burglar in the cellar, though un
armed. He found no one.
RACE WAR IS IMMINENT
ARMY MULES ARE SICK
POLICE OVERLOOK THIEF
Cavalry Will. Try to Locate
and Oppose the Entry of
Supposed Enemy to Post
Miss Aenes S. Murphy, member of
th* council of the Society of "Women
Journalists. London, Trill be the guest
of the Sketch Club on Fridav, when
Fhe will speak on the development of
art in Xew Zealand, which colony she
has just visited. On St. Patrick's eve
Mis? Murphy will be the guest of the
Oakland Club at a lunch and round
table, when she will contribute remi
niscences of her native land— Ireland.
Mrs. Francis J. Carolan and Mrs. An
drew McCreery will dispel the gray
mists of Lent on Thursday night, by
p'.ving; a Mi-caretne bal masque at the
Burlingame clubhouse. The hostesses
can be depended upon for perfect ar
rangements and a radiant good time,
with the rare Epice of originality
thrown In. Special cars will leave
Fifth and Market streets at 8:30 o'clock
for the benefit of guests that are lucky
enough to be bidden.
Mrs. Joseph Manuel Masten will be
at home on the eecond and third Fri
days in April.
The Horse Show of the Doctor's
Daughters is growing like a Tulare
turnip — it's growing overnight. It is
to be one of the most popular affairs
«ver essayed by the Daughters — and
that's rather a broad statement, for
they've never been guilty of aught but
clever functions— likewise paying ones.
Yesterday the last box in the Riding
Academy was disposed of, with Mrs.
Thomas H. Williams the purchaser.
The affair will be distinctly a "smart
set" function, but will have a founda
tion of philanthropic worth.
Miss Sperry is a charming girl, much
l!ke her mother, Mrs. James Sperry,
«.nd has promised her hand to a fine
eoldier and a splendid fellow.
Miss Anna Aj? he Pperry and Lieuten
ant Clarence Carrigan, U. S. A., are
to-day holding the center of the stage
£S the newest engaged couple — but not
for long, for the engagement fever has
become epidemic, and a few other "ter
ribly" Interesting: ones are on the very
verpe of publicity. .
It is presumed that the young people
tv-111 in due time return to pay their re
epects to the bride's father, Alexander
Center of the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company, and to permit a host of girl
hood friends to offer congratulations to
the charming bride — and a host of
friends to tell Mr. Steen what a lucky
chap he is.
'Following close upon the heels of the
innourcem^nt of her engagement
comes the proclamation of Miss Bessie
Center's marriage in London yesterday
to Ture L. Steen of Sweden, bv the
Archbishop of Canterbury. The wed
dinp. as planned, •was to have taken
place in the month of June — the month
of roses — but the importunities of lov
ers make short shrift of plans, so a
special license was quietly obtained
and the twain made one. • Details of
the interesting affair are lacking, save
the well-known fa,ct of Mr. Steen'B
sturdy determination to win his bride.
The young people met under the sap
phire skies of the Orient, Mr. Steen
thereafter religiously following in the
wake of Miss Center— "when not actu
ally beside her— through her tour of the
Old "World, and vigilantly pleading his
cause under the most propitious cir
cumstances — and perseverance won.
By Sally Sharp.
Five Companies of the State
Militia in Ohio Are Hur
ried to City of Springfield
Little Girl Left at Home
Alone Uses 'Phone When
She Hears Man inBasement
British experts believe that the main Japanese army will disembark on the eastern coast of Ldao
tung Peninsula, between Port Arthur and the Yalu River. This would place the Russians on the Yalu at
a disadvantage, compelling them to resist a flank attack wlille facing the Japanese army advancing
through Korea. It has been claimed by the Russians that, because of physical disadvantages, it would be
impossible to land a largo army on the eastern shore of the peninsula, but the resourcef nl " brown men
may prove them to have been mistaken. " According to the Ix>ndon Times, Japan has available at present
about 170,000 men for the commencement of her land operations.
There is an army of Japanese spies in "Manchuria, and Tokio's strategists are kept fully Informed of
Russia's military operations. The Russians are bending every effort toward the strengthening of their
position on the Linoiung Peninsula and the defense of Port Arthur from a land attack. A network of
entrenchments has been thrown up to guard all approaches to the endangered city.
Russia's army mobilization has preceded v. so satisfactorily that Commander in Chief Kuropatkin has
decided to hasten his departure to the front. He will start next Sunday. Until his arrival in Manchuria
the Russians probably will act purely on the defensive. 1 ,
Bulgarian, Montenegrin and Servian volunteers will serve In the Russian army, the Czar having sanc
tioned their enlistment. y •
According to a report from Tokio the Russians have succeeded- after all hi floating the battleship
Retvlzan and the cruiser Askold and the salvage of the Cesarevitch is proceeding satisfactorily. This news,
coming from a Japanese source, indicates that the Port Arthur fleet has entirely recovered from the blow
dealt by Admiral Togo at the outbreak of the war. .
Japan, despite official denials made, only recently, will attempt to negotiate a war loan hi the United
States. It is added in the dispatch making this announcement that the funds are not actually neded, but
that it is deemed best to prepare for eventualities, Japan evidently believing that the war may last for
years.
From the Japanese capital comes a report that there has been a naval battle in the sea of Japan and
that the Russian Vladivostok squadron has been captured or destroyed. \ No verification has come from
any source, but news of a sea fight has been expected ever since Japanese warships cut off the retreat
of the Russian squadron to the harbor of Vladivostok.
RIOTERS USE
TORCH AND GUN
FEARLESS CHILD
FOILS BURGLARS
PROBLEM WORK
FOR TROOPERS
MUCH INTEREST
OCCASIONED BY
THEIR WEDDING
FEATURES OF THE DAY'S WAR NEWS
RUSSIAN ARMY MOBILIZATION IN MANCHURIA IS N EARING COMPLETION
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALU; WEDNESDAY, - MARCH 0. 1904.
SCANDINAVIANS
FEAR EFFECT OF
RUSSIAN DEFEAT
Leave Gas Jet Open.
5
GRAPE-NUTS.
The Perfect Food
Feel Good
all day on
Grape-Nuts
• Ort the little book "The Road to XTtll-
ville" In each pk«.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPLENDID VALUES
IN
Fnrniture for Hall, Library, Parlor, Dining Room
and Bedroom; also Lace Curtains, Draperies,,
Upholstery, Oriental and Domestic Rogs : : :
A visit to our Show Rooms will illustrats tHj remarkabl* rtduotions
of which ths following are but a few examples:
CHIFFONIER— Polished quarter sawed oak.
French bsvel mirror, 12 by 20 inches Din nn
$20.00, reduced to OlDiUU
TOILET TABLE— Mahogany, Colonial de-
sign, two drawers, French bevel mirror Din nn
16 by 24 inches. . . .$25.00, reduced to OlOiUU
HALL SEAT— Quarter sawed oak, carved 0 1 0 f| n
heads on arms $25.00, reduced to w 1 0 1 U U
HALL TABLE— Select quarter sawed 00 n nn
oak :... $30.00, reduced to OZUiUU
SIDEBOABD— Weathered oak, canopy top, .
two French bevel mirrors U by 46 fnp nn
inches $85.00, reduced to duOiUU
PARLOR CABINET— All gold, minor back,
glass shelves Q7t\ flfl
$87.50, reduced to . v I.Ui Ull
Special price purchases may be left here to sciit
the buyer's convenience, but cannot be exchanged nor
returned.
SLOANES
114122 POST 5fREETMembers of St. Patrick's Church Will
Hold Fittine Celebration on
Thursday, 3Iarch 17.
OAKLAND, March 8. — The parish
ioners of St. Patrick's Church in
West Oakland, of which the Rev. J.
B. McNally is pastor, will celebrate
the natal day of St. Patrick with a
religious and social programme, in
which a number of the young people
of the parish will participate.
On the morning of March 17 a pat
ronal mass will be celebrated in the
church, following which a panegyric
of the saint will be delivered. In the
evening the young folks will give a
play founded on facts in the life of
an Irish peasant, in which an eviction
scene will be enacted. The cast has
been so arranged as to enable Father
McNally to appear in one of the
scenes in his clerical character.
The members of St. Columba's par
ish in Golden Gate have also arranged
to celebrate St. Patrick's day. • They
will give an entertainment at Klink
ner's Hall on Fifty-ninth street and
San Pablo avenue.
CLAIMS HORSE'S TONGUE
WAS NEARLY 7 TORN OUT
Stablekeeper Makes Charge of Serious
Cruelty Against H. K. Snow, •
Sewing Machine Agent.
OAKLAND, March 8.— H. K. Snow,
local manager of a sewing machine
company, was arrested to-day on com
plaint of C. E." Uzafovage, proprietor
of a livery stable at 1318 San Pablo
avenue, who charges that Snow hitch
ed a rope around a balky horse's
tongue and nearly tore out the mem
ber in art attempt to force the stub
born animal to move.
' The stable'keeper claimed that he
had rented the horse to a patron
and that Snow had interfered with
advice about making balky hbrses
move, suggesting the rope and tongue
process. It is charged 1 that Snow
assisted in the cruel deed. Uzafovage
noticed the condition of the horse's
mouth after the animal had been re
turned to the stable. He complained
to the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals. Investigation and
Snow's arrest followed.
• Dole Will Contest.
OAKLAND, March 8.— The hearing
of the contest over the estate: of the
late Elbridge Dole of Haywards was
begun this af ternQon. He left • prop
erty valued at (20,000 to a sister-in
law and- grandson with whom! he
made his home for many years. : East
ern relatives wish to have the will set
aside, alleging that he was unduly in
fluenced. .
in the estate, but the most she could
have done 'was to deed her interest,
whatever it might have been.
The property is a piece with a 75-foot
frontage on' Broadway and 100 feet; on
Tenth* street. The suits filed this aft
ernoon run : against the California Oil
Burner Company; Roberts' & Tower,
the Oakland Home Company, James A.
Jones and Alexander Hirschberg, be
sides heirs of the. Blake estate.
-A former petition to ; have the grand
son jaf. Dove appointed -administrator of
the*estate was denied" by 'Judge' Hall.
PARISHIONERS WIIjIj HONOR
MEMORY OF PATRON SAINT
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The Butchers' Union held a meeting
last nieht and it vwis decided to stand
by the fight. It is reported that every
member of the union has remained
loyal, despite the lockout, and that
not a man has deserted.
. Efforts of various kinds are being
made by the union men to meet the
conditions, but nothing has been ac
complished as yet. An effort • was
made to-day to get the slaughter
house men into the fight for the union
and to have them refuse to dress meat
for the wholesalers. It is claimed
that two-thirds of the stockyards men
are members of the union. The^effoft
to get the Cooks' and Walters' Union
into the fight for the butchers has
practically failed. Many of the res
taurant proprietors have agreed to
stand by the boss butchers if their em
ployes support the union . workmen.
The most important effort that is being
made is to get the Eastern unions into
the fight and prevent the butchers
here who refuse to recognize the
union from getting any supplies from
the big packing-houses.
ThiC other butcher-shops in Oakland
are still in nearly full operation. The
bosses are helping each other out in
every way. In some cases the deliv
ery of meat has been delayed or
stopped, but as a general rule the
bosses say that they are getting along
In first-class shape. Fred Becker,
around whom is the main fight, said
to-day that he could get forty non
union men, enough to stock every mar
ket in Oakland. He added that the
bosses would never recognize the
unjon. ,
Another pro-union butcher-shop
closed its doors to-night because it
was unable to get meat, but aside
from this there was little change in
the butchers' strike. Robert Vincent,
on Washington street, near Seventh,
sold his last piece of meat to-night,
and not being able to replenish his
supply he was compelled to shut up
shop. Neither Vincent nor Nevin, who
closed yesterday for the' same reason,
has signed the employers' agreement.
Paul Wuthe. East Oakland; Neuman
& Korn, corner of Sixth and Clay
streets, and George H. Minall, corner
of Twelfth and West streets, still have
supplies of meat and will run as union
markets.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 8.
; Quite different was Manuel Monreal's
action last night, when he saw a man
try to raise a window and enter the
rear of the Monreal house at 269 Ninth
street. Though Manuel is only 12 'years
old, he pluckily called to his sister,
who telephoned for the police. The
man, however, fled. Young Manuel rah
after him and captured the fugitive
with the help of Citizens T. A. Sogdon
and F. Clark. The prisoner, "William
G. Bond, was Kent to the City Prison
by Patrolman Cockerton. Bond said
he was employed at the American
House. He was Identified by Monreal
and his ?!ster.
Touched -by the plea of a burglar
she saw In the house, a servant girl
employed by Fred P. Cutting at 1420
Harrison street allowed the surprised
intruder to depart before she realized
that he , was a very daring daylight
thief who had packed up a lot of the
Cuttings' family silverware prepara
tory to fleeing with it. The meeting
between girl and burglar occurred yes
terday afternoon. Not until to-day
were the police notified.
To the detectives the servant «aid
the man had made such a plea she?
could not find the heart to call the
police. He had said he was starving
and suffering from ecmsumption and
that arrest would kill him. The de
tectives took a description of the thief
and said a few things mentally about
the case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 8.
Boy Seos a 3Ian Trying to
Break Into Home and Ef
fects a Speedy Capture
bers: G. H. Brown. Samuel Erans, A. R.
Galloway. W. B. Weston, J. D. "Wheeler, H B
Nottage, Carl Parker. W. E. Van 8ant, Chester
Cromwell and C. B. Await.
Carlos G. White has been elected to mem
bership In the Pht Beta Kappa fraternfty.
The CoUege Y. M. C. A. has elected the fol
lowing cabinet to manage the affairs of the as
sociation: Bible study committee, E. K.
Strong, 'OC, chairman; missionary committee,
C. H. Brubaker, "Of?, chairman; membership
committee, E C. Baker, '06, chat/man: relig
ious meetings committee, E. S. Riddell. '06.
chairman; finance committee. H. L. Stoddard,
'05, chairman; social service committee. W. J.
Cooper. "06: social committee, AV. B. Easterly]
'0b; handbook committee. E. \V. Rohrer, '04;
supervising leader. W. J. Musgrove, '05.
Jackson Gregory will be the editor of the '06
Blue and Gold, his unanimous election to that
office of honor and responsibility having been
made possible to-day by the withdrawal of the
three other nominees for the position — Harry
L..- Stoddard, Samuel Hellman and Olin M.
Boyle. Gregory's three opponents despaired of
being elected and eo withdrew from what they
came to consider a hopeless fight. They wtll
be appointed to positions on the new editor's
staff. Gregory Is a graduate of the Salinas
High School and has been an associate editor
on the staff, of the Occident.
The College of Commerce Club has elected to
membership the following named new mem-
The freshmen class has installed the follow
ing new officers: President. W. C. Davis; vice
president. Mies Elva McCluhan; secretary. Miss
Lois Paterson; treasurer, H. W. Darling; ser
geant -a t-arms, C. W. Maffey; yell leader, F. D
Caminetti.
Practice in. football began yesterday after
noon on the campus. Suits were distributed,
and most of last year's football squad turned
out to work. The exercises consisted in Urck
ling the dummy men and punting and falling on
the ball. This system of practice will be per
formed three times each week — on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Fridays. There are many ad
vantages to accrue from spring practice, and
It was undertaken upon the advice of Professor
G. C. Edwards of the athletic committee. Sam
Stow of lust year's varsity team Is looking af
ter the men.
Harvey \V. Corbett, '0o;.O. T. 'Wedemeyer.
'88; R. W. Tully, '01: James Hopper. P8; W.
A. E. Woods. '04; C. Y. Wangr. '08: E. C. Ste
vens, '03; E. Flammer, '03; Dr. Louis D. Mead.
"9S; R. H. Ludlow. '00; Julius Gregory. '97;
Linwood L. Clark. '04; R. F. Tucker. '81; Ar
thur L Street, '00; H. Dam. '75; vU E. Moffltt.
'S2. and A. W. Ransorae. '97.
BERKELEY. March 8— The re/usal of the
Students' Affairs Committee tf> lay down defi
nite rules for the guidance of the students en
Charter day promises a rupture between that
body and the members of the nenlor das*. In
the past the seniors have co-operated on Charter
day to prevent a clash between the students of
the three lower classes. There was so much
trouble over the rush of laBt year that Max
Thelen, president of the senior class, and sev
eral other seniors asked the Student*' Affairs
committee to fix a definite rule of discipline for
this year. This the committee refused to do,
Faying that all it expected of the students was
to act like gentlemen. Such a vague rule was
not acceptable to Thelen and his friends, and
an ultimatum will b« delivered to the commit
tee requesting something more definite or the
seniors will refuse to assist the faculty on
Charter day. The ground for the committee's
lefusal to acquiesce in the demand of the
seniors is that it is net academic to fix any
specific rules for the disciplining of students.
President Wlieeler, who arrived home to-day
from a month's trip through the East, was
banqueted on the evening of February 26 by
the New York Alumni Association. Among the
graduates cf the University of California pres
ent were the following named:
j *ll>.
i Albert E. and Mary E. Oleson to John H.
I Jr. and Ma§r?le A. Davis, lots 7 to 9. block 20,
I mai» 1. M. Wentworth 3o«t and Shoe Com
pany's Tract. Berkeley: $1O.
| Cnton Savinss Bank to Marcus and FradeJ
• IJcht. lot on N line of Second »tTe*t. 74 W ot
I Harrison, W 'M by It 95. portion of lots 19 in
! Zl. block 1«, Kellersberger's map. Oakland;
flO.
Rosa Raffo iwiil.m't to Jo«e M. Lourenco,
lot on XE corner of West Twelfth and Camp
; bell streets. E 35 by N 110. lot ID. block 7^B,
map block 72« B. Oakland; »1O.
Farmers' and Merchants' Savings Bank, to
Fred R. Parker, lot on S line of Thirty-swromi
street, 415 E of Market, E 30 by S 11O, portion
of lot 12. block 203*. Rowland Tract. Oak
j land; $10.
Cornelia B. and Henry L. Cor.klln to Theo
dore A. Pchliwter. lot on N line of Elm tvr
Twenty-fourth) street. tS~n W of Telegraph
: avenue. W So by X 133. portion of lota S» and
( 40. block O. man blocks O, P and L. Kelsey
Tract. Oakland: «1O.
John Donovan to Ellen Donovan fwife). lot
on S Ifn* of Ww Third street. 25 W of Fil
bert. 8 !M by VT 25. lot 31, block 442. ma;
Adeline and Market-ntreet Homestead. Oak
land; sift.
E. S. and Margaret Angel to W. r>. Huntlnsr
ton and R. T, 3trattr>rt. | o t on NE corner of
Telegraph avenue and Del?er or Twentieth
street. N 173:6. K 12.t S SO. E lf>0 S J5» to
point 138 *! W from W line of Broadway' nn
l!n* at riplit angle thereto. S at right ana-|«
tr> Del&er ISO, w 2OT.:7 to beginning, Oakland:
! f 10.
j Honvgtead Loan Anocfattnn tn Oeorirs de
Trooat, lot on XK corner of San Pablo and
Central avenues. E 1«1.77, 80 W 1«T» Dfl S
j 80:10. lots 1. 2 and portlna 25. block A. Par
son's Golden Gate Tract. Oakland: $3.too.
J. M. or Jonathan M. Nash to Harry I*.
' Nash, lot on B line of Twelfth street 143 :« W
of Willow. W 47:6 by S 135. lot 9. block B.
Oakland Point Homestead Tract. Oakland; $10.
Edgar A. and Je*«i« M. d» L^unater to John
C. Wa£*ott, lot on 3 line of Nolan or Thirty
third street. 520:«'.; E of Grove. K 21.38, etc..
SE to E line of lot 14. S to S line of said lot
14, TV 40. N 170. to beginning, portion lot 14.1
Collins Tract. Oakland; tl<K \ SjOTI
James T. e.ni Delia Harney 'to % James Gal
ma rino. lot 2S. block 2110. A Men Tract at
Temescal. Oakland; #10.
Partlel E. Martin to Adolph Bruenn. lot on
N*W corner ef Eighteenth and Cypress streets
W 30 by N 104:0. block 6P3-B. Basse Tract'
Oakland; $.175.
Thomas F. Dver (single) to. Elizabeth fl.
Morse. Tot on NK line of L«« street.- eo-fts
PE of Adams. NE 151.20. SE G?>. SW 143 *7
N"W 65.27. lot 14. block S. map subdivision
No. 1. Adams Point property. Oakland: $10.
Joseph Wohlfrom fwldower) and Carrie S.
Richardson (single) to William J. Baccus, lot
ot S line of Thirtieth street. 127:08 w of T«l
f*raph avenue. W 40. S 72, to S boundary Hn*
of Rowland Tract. E alone said last line to
Intersection by line drawn at right antfa
through point beginning X 73.04 to beginning
block 2C2». Rowland Tract. Oakland: >10.
Vnion Savin** Bank to Mary and D. J. Mc-
Millan, lot on W line of HumboMt avenue 4«-f
N of Oregon street. W 11.1:4. N 44:10. E 1251f>
S 16.«1. lot 2. block G. Leonard Tract, Berke
ley: $10.
Charles A. Bailey (by Raymond C. Bailey,
his attorney) and Alice C. Bailey to Nils and
Ingrl Olson (wife), lot on E line of Seventh
street. 177.13 3 nf Channlng way. E ICO by 8
0.42. portion lot 32. block 133. corrected map of
Avery Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Philip G. and Julia B. Oalp'in and Joseph A.
Donohce (as trustees) and the Donoaoe- Kelly
Banking Company to Harriet I*. Calkins, lot on
E line of Prospect street. CO N of its Intersec
tion with dividing line between lots -t and 6.
map University Terrace. N 60 by E 144:6.
Berkeley (Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company
hereby releases said premises from all liens
created by 53« M. 13S) : *io.
C. B. and Effle Crane to Sairmel Edgar, lot
on W line of Grov# street. 8O S of Addlaoa S
39 by W 87:3. block 1. McGee Tract. Berkeley
*1CO.
Samuel and Sadie Edgar to Elizabeth T.
Spltler (wife of E. B.). lot on E line of Mary
street. 200 8 of Allston way. S 40 by E 130.
lot 23. block 12. map Marshall's subdivision
of block 12. McO> Tract. Berkeley; $!$>.
Sanford TV*. Cartwrlght to S. LaeHa Cart
wright, lot *. Berkeley property, nap No. 3 of
Blake Tract. Berkeley: $1O.
John Donovan to Ellen and Jeremiah C
Donovan (wife and son), lot on W line of Shat
tuck avenue. CO N ot Cedar street. N «0 by TV
133. lot 17. block 8, Graves A Taylor Tract.
Berkeley gift.
Mary TL Vader (single) to Leverett T. Bow.
ers. lot 1. block 5, amended map Sea View
Park Tract. Berkeley: $1200.
John J. Orm»by, lot on E line cf «.'hapln street,
lit) S of Pacirtc avenue. S 5O by E 75. being
1 !s ol lots 1* to Itt, block 2, map of Chapiu
etrert. Alameda; $H>.
Harriet B. ami Joseph P. Cuthbert to'Frank
Tousaau ami Korr.ain Junca, lut on N Un» ot
Entinal avenue, 3<i E of Versailles, K &1:1*«.
N 1^:24. W 70.10S to rotnt 5O E of Ver
sailles avenue, S 14a:«%, Alam*da: $10.
Dennis Murray (widoner) to John and Mar
garet Leonard. lot on X lin? of Sixteenth
street. 3O \V of West. "VV" 32:6 by N 103:9.
Oakland; 710.
Oakianrl Realty and Investment Company to
Standard Realty and Development Company,
lot be£innin* 173 SK from Thirteenth avenue
measured parallel to East Eleventh street and
25 NE from East Eleventh street, measured
parallel to Thirteenth avenue. NE lOO. SE 4u,
B\V 4T t» -NW line of rl«ht of way of High
land Park ami Frultvale Railroad, thene*
aloiijr said right of way t«W on curve to light
faaius d W2 feet. 6J> 2 feet more or leas to
beginning of block 30, Clinton. East Oakland;
TUESDAY. MARCH 8.
W. -VV. and Ella F. W. Haley to Ham An
dersen, lot on VV line <}f Haley avenue. 3uO
H ot Hopkins •treet, W VMS". S 23.W*. t
136.83, N W.is, lots 10 and 11. map of Web
eter Heights Tract, Fruitvaie. Brooklyn To»n
thlp; flu
National Home and Loan Association to
REAli ESTATE TRAS3ACT1OS8.
. .
Yhiiiiriln County
Efforts Being Made by the
lien to Interest Eastern
Organizations in Fight
BOSSES SEEM SATISFIED
ALLOWS A THIEF TO GO
Surprised Marauder's Hard-
Luck Yarn Wins Sympathy
of Credulous Housemaid
Robert Vincent Unable to
Get Meat From the Whole
salers and Shuts Doors
ANOTHER UNION
SHOP CLOSES
KIND DOMESTIC
FREES BURGLAR
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
OAKLAND, March 8.— -Councilman
Baccus has requested the City Coun- ;
cil to consider a resolution to include
J85.000 in'the bond. issue for. Improve
ments in" the ; Fire .-Department. ¦ ; The
committee of the whole will act.
Fire Department Increase.
Clerk Xexvtoh Retained.
OAKLAND, March' S^Harry .New
ton, who. resigned. as chief, clerk in the
Superintendent of Streets' office, has
been retained in the office as assistant
clerk -under a resolution, adopted last
night by the«*> City; Council, which
creates the new position.
War Against San Rafael Mosquito.
BERKELEY, March 8. —The
Woman's Improvement Club of San
Rafael has appealed to the college of
agriculture of the University of Cali
fornia to help it fight the San Rafael
mosquito and the college, has dispatch
ed a man to make war on the insect.
The work will be carried on by A. L.
Ashman, a local naturalist, un
der the direction of Prof essor ' W. : C.
Woodworth, the entomologist. It is
proposed to sprinkle petroleum on the
surface of the ponds in the marshes,
where the nests breed, and thus
smother them.
Appoints Census Marshal.
OAKLAND, March 8.— The Board
of ,,, Education has elected Mailler
Searles as school census marshal, with
Charles Quayle , and J. McGovern as
chief assistants.
OAKLAND, March 8. — The follow
ing marriage. licenses were issued by
the County 'Clerk to-day: Paul Kra
mer. -35. San Francisco, and Mrs. Liz
zie Knlffer, 34, Los Angeles; Christo
pher . W. ..Chapmaji, "23, and Ethel M.
Barker, 22, both of Alameda; Orson
H. Miller, 21, and Mary E. Douglas,
24, both of Berkeley.- ., , >
Marriage Licenses.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 8.
A new tack was taken to-day by the
heirs of the estate of William Dove
to gain possession of a valuable piece
of real estate at Tenth street and
Broadway held by the Blake-Moffltt
estate. William Dove, son of the man
who originally owned the land, was
granted letters of administration on his
father's estate to-day by Judge Greene.
He thereupon instituted suits of eject
ment against the tenants of the prem
ises as the administrator of the es
tate.
A fine legal point has been raised in
regard. to 'the ownership of: the land.
Mr. Dove Sr. died in 1862." His widow,
without probating his estate, sold the
property after her marriage to a man
named Armstrong. There " were four
children, whose interest in their fath
er's estate was entirely overlooked, and
it is the eldest son who has now asked
to be appointed administrator of the
estate, and seeks to • assert '¦ title : to a
piece of realty valued at . about 550,000
which has been an asset of the Blake
estate : for more than a quarter of a
century. r r : ' ' . : .~
The point made by Colonel T. V.
Eddy, attorney for Dove, is that; no
legal title could have passed from Mrs.
Armstrong* to the Blakes to this piece
of property. ' Adverse possession, he
says, could not cut any figure in the
present case,' as there is no adverse,
possession of a dead man's estate: That'
estate .was "never probated. Mrs. Arm-,
strong;' as the widow, had "an interest
CLAIM A RICH
PIECE OF LAND
ALAHEDA, March 8. — Although
the family of William M. Schwartz of
1306 Ninth street had known Louis B.
Wiley, who was found asphyxiated by
illuminating gas at 41 Ootavia street,
San Francisco, yesterday, for a
year, they learned but little of his life
prior to the time of making his ac
quaintance. They believed him single.
Mrs. Schwartz said: "We had known
Mr. Wiley about a year, but for the
last eight months we had not seen him.
He was acquainted with my sister,
Miss Wilson, and apparently took a
fancy to her, but the relation was only
of a friendly nature. He ( did hot give
us the impression that he' had a wife.
He was a traveling man and had
friends but no relatives in Smartsville
that we ever heard him speak of. He
once mentioned his mother, who, I
think he said, lived in New York State.
We do not know what business Wiley
was engaged in at the time of- his
death." {7^1-}';
Schwartzes Knoiv Little of Wiley.
Much speculation concerning the
men behind Macdonald in the pur
chase of these franchises has been
indulged. The that the South
ern Pacific'* hand is in the deal is ac
cepted by a few. but the most of the
street talk points to prominent bank
ers and holders of large realty inter
ests as the real persons concerned In
the deal.
Within five days Macdonald will
have to file a $5000 bond to fulfill the
provisions of the franchises.
OAKLAND. March S J. H. Mac
donald, who outbid the Oakland
Transit Consolidated last night in a
contest for street railroad franchises
before the. City Council, paid over a
balance of ?7500 due the city on hi?
bond of ?£500 to the City Clerk this
afternoon. The payment was in the
ehape of a certified check on the
Union National Bank. . Macdonald
also filed an agreement to allow
United States letter-carriers to ride
free on the cars over the roads that
might be built under the franchises.
These documents were prepared by At
torney Sam Bell McKee.
Opponent of Oakland Transit Consoli
dated Complete* Financial End of
Fight for Franchises.
MACDONALD PAYS OVER
BALANCE OS HIS BID
The patrolman pursued., but both
burglars had disappeared over back
fences Into Fifty-fifth street, and there
wasn't a sign of them by the time the
policeman was', well started after the
thugs. The shooting aroused the
neighborhood. Mrs. Charles L. Hede
mark, residing at- 1604 Fifty-fourth
street, was awakened and she rushed
to a front window. Just in time to see
Hall prone on the. sidewalk and firing
Unfortunately, Policeman Hall was
unable to get a fair sight of the men.
As soon as they saw him both burglars
commenced shooting from the front
porch of the Herr place. They Jumped
down and separated be Hall dropped to
the ground to avoid the bullets. One
burglar ran around the east side of the
Herr place and the other started west.
This burglar was within four feet of
Hall and he fired a shot at the pros
trate patrolman. Then the fugitive
ran through an alley on the west fide
of Herr's house, Hall sending one shot
after the fleeing man.
OAKLAND, March 8.— Detectives have
been busy to-day In an effort to trace
the pair of desperate housebreakers
who tried last night to kill Policeman
Alfred J. Hall when he. surprised them
trying to force an entrance to Henry
Herr's residence, 1062 Fifty-fourth
street. That the men are responsible
for the large number of recent bur
glaries that have occurred In that sec
tion of the city the police have no
doubt, hence they have double cause to
capture the murderous prowlers.
"I was walking east on Fifty-fourth
street and was directly in front of the
Herr place, before I saw the two men
working at the front bay window. They
must have seen me first, because both
of them commenced to shoot at me. I
dropped to the ground and tried-. to
draw. my pistol, but my long uniform
coat obstructed my pocket so much
that I did not get my weapon into ac
tion until after one of the burglars had
run by me into the alley between, the
Herr and Hedemark houses.
"This burglar took a shot at me that
was so close it powder-burned my
face. l' managed to get one shot at
him, but it evidently didn't hit him, be
cause he kept on running. Both men
¦were out of sight by the time I got
back of the houses behind which they
disappeared."
his pistol. At the Herr residence Mrs.
Herr and two daughters, occupying a
room the window of which opened on
the porch, heard the burglars at work,
but she said to-dav she thought the
noise was made by a dog on the porch.
Mrs. Herr paid no attention to the dis
turbance until the shooting startled
her and she went to the window, but
saw nothing, the burglars having dis
appeared, with the policeman after
them.
Earl Hedemark, I a boy, found bul
lets to-day imbedded in the earth near
where Hall dropped. They were turned
over to the police.
--'Concerning the attack. Patrolman
Hall said to-day:
OAKLAND, POLICEMAN WHO FOUGHT A PISTOL DUEL WITH TWO
BURGLARS WHOM HE SURPRISED IN THE ACT OF BREAKING
INTO THE RESIDENCE OF HENRY HERR.", ;.,.
Much Interest is being manifested in the
approaches recital by Miss Bessie Yard
which she Is to give at Wendte Hall Thursday
e.vanlnr tinder the auspices of the Starr-King
Fraternity.
Mr. and Mm. Willard F. Williamson are
now established In the artistic residence on
Vernon Heights formerly occupied by the
G«crre H. Ismon*.
Mr». Grace Morel Dickman. formerly con
tralto of the First Presbyterian Church choir
of this city, has secured a,, leading position ift
Dr. Robert Mackenzie's church In New York.
This Is ona-of the richest and most influential
churches In Xew York and the engagement
which begins May l— «f Mrs. Dickman Is a
njrrrnltlcn of the ability of that well-known
California singer, ¦.••vv: •¦>. ¦•-
Miss Jane Rawllnc* entertained the Tues
day Afternoon 500 Club to-day.
"California Missions" were pleasantly- and
Instructively discussed at the meeting of the
Hill Club yesterday at the residence of Mrs.
B. S. Hi-bbord on Vernon Heights. The pro
jK>ued construction of a "royal highway" that
will connpet the various missions of California
was brought before the club and given consid
erable attention. The members are in -favor
of the proposed scheme and discussed plans
whereby public Interest In the matter might
be stimulated.
. Miss Tuttle. a violinist of San Francisco,
and Mrs. K. J. Jolly, vocalist, contributed
several pleasing numbers and added much to
general enjoyment of the afternoon.
Mrs. E. H. Klttredge and her two daugh
ters. Mm. Frank Baldwin of Honolulu and
Mr*. Edmund Baker of Han Francisco, will be
at home to-morrow from 3 to 5 at the Klt
tredre home on Grove street. Although a
larg<: number of guests — about 200 — have been
Invited, the affair Is to be •iiilte'lnformal, be
lnr. in fact, fi telephone tea. Mrs. Baldwin
arrive* in Oakland recently for a vUit to her
parents and will probably not return to her
island home before the latter part of April.
Mrs. \V. G. Palmanteer was the presiding
hostess, her receiving party including Mrs. V.
B. Ogcen. Mrp. S. R. Osgood, Miss KUzab-.tli
Packard. Mrs. Charles E. Palmer. Mrs. J. C.
Palmer. Mrs. Charles Parcells, Mrs. J. Loran
Pease, Mrs. G. \V. Percy. Mrs. R. A. Perry.
Mrs. W. L. Phelan, Mrs. W. Frank Pierce,
Mrs. ft. B. Pinney. Miss Charlotte S. Piaster.
Mrs. J. N. Potter, Mrs. N. A. Powell, MHs
Powell. Mrs. A. N. Pratt. Mrs. W. N. Qulnn.
Mrs. D. R. Rae, Mrs. A. J. Ralston, Dr. Vida
Redlngton. Mm. W. I. Reed. Mrs. J. C. Rich
ards. Mrs. Cr-arles T. Rodolph, Mrs. George
\V. Rcdolph. Mrs. Alfred von der Repp, Mrs.
A. Rowe. Mrs. X. X. RoweU, Mrs. X. D.
Rowe and Miss Irene Rutherford.
The guests of special Interest at the luncheon
to-day were Ebell's own convalescent president.
Miss Mabel Thayer Gray; Mrs. Julius Kahn,
president Philomath Club; Mrs. Henry Payot,
president Ponim Club; Mrs. C. Mason Ktnne,
president Papyrus Club; Mrs. J. C. McChesney,
president Outdoor Art Club, Mill Valley, and
Miss Lucia, Oliver. '
Songs, (a) "Wldmung" (Franz), (b) "Tender
Tip* 1 ' <De!bruck), (c) "Where the Lindens
Bioom" (Duck), .Mr. Young; song. "Two Indian
Lcv e Lyrics" «Amy \VcK)dforU-F1nden). Mrt.
Stratton; songs, <a) "Ruhe der Hebe" <b)
•i>^herrlicti« Ll-be" (A. Dietrich), Mm. Strat
ton and Mr. Youne.
OAKLAXD. March S. — For many reasons the
Ebell luncheon to-day was unusually pleasant
end enjoyable. In the tlrst place the president,
Miss Oray. wtoo has been so long an absented
on account of HlnesF, was In her accustomed
pla< e as presiding uincer and was overwhelmed
'Mill congratulaticn* both hearty and sincere.
Tr-en the ; nmilcai prc^ranime was excellent,
the ladles were beautifully gowned and among
the guests were a number of clever women
from slitter clubs acrcps the bay.
Jln>. Frederick S. titrattoa of this city and
TVlllard Yoang of Kan Francisco contributed
toe vocal numbers which followed the luncheon
and they were delightfully, accompanied by
Mrs. Willard Batchelder of San Franclpco.
Mrs. Stmtton and Mr.- Toung are both splendid
musicians and the critical ladies of Ebe.il were
enthusiastic in showing their appreciation tf
the rare musical treat. The song number*
were as follows :
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
President Wheeler returned to the
University of California to-day after
a month's trip in the East, devoted
principally to looking over the ground
in behalf of two department* of the
urm-ersity, which will be improved
and enlarged. The departments re
ferred to are those of the Romanic
languages and commerce, both de
manding immediate attention in order
that they be more fully equipped. The
department of Romanic languages has
been without a head s*ince the retire
ment and death of the late Professor
Felicien Paget. The college of com
merce is about to come into its. leg
acy of 1150.000 from the Flood en
dowment and neods to be reorganized.
President Whf^ler said:
I have made arrangements for the complete
reorganization of these dci>«rtmen<s. While In
th<> Ea*t I »-a* in consultation with' the heeds
Of ¦ number ot educational institution* in re
gard to a man- to h<-ao the Romanic lanjrJatfs
¦ e*«T*rt merit. 1 have several men under con
sideration, but none whoa* names t am yet
ready to t""**«*nt before the Board of Regents.
As for th«> cotlese of commerce, the Flood en
dowment will soon t>e available for Its use.
The college will have the revenue from fl.TO.
000. which will Rive u? wifficient money to
extend the wope of the v.ork of that tollegt.
The court* In rotvniT'e will be broadened, so
that 1» •¦ill take in the subjects of bankinr.
Insurance end £en"r£l tuelcess methods. The
«"niargemei:t nf this department and the en
gagement of new men will be made with the
advice and approval of Professor Carl C. Plehn,
dean cf the colleg", and Professor Adolph C.
Miller.
President Wheeler ppent three days
in attendance upon the meeting of
the American Association of Universi
ties at N>w Haven. There President
Kliot. in spite of his TO years, was
the most conspicuous figure. In Xew
York President Wh*»«*l?r met Mrs.
Phoebe Hearst, who is returning from
a round-the-world trip. He was ban
queted th«»re, too, by the New York
Alumni Association and mot many
Californians. He continued:
I had the pleasure cf greeting Mrs. Hearst
ca «he stepped again t>n American koII. Fhe In
tends to return to llerkf ley about the latter
M-rt of April. She said that «he had enjoyed
her Journeying Immensely, particularly through
India. Shr had intended to visit Egypt, but
tber* quarantine rrjrul»tluns against laudings
and importations from India are bo severe that
•¦he »«i cempelle<l to stay aboard her steamer.
However, she received a vipjt from Dr. Rels
ner. who ia carrying on archaeological re
eearche* under her direct ioa. and th»y had an
hour's talk. They talked over the tide of the
chip &t I'm! Said, she from her vea*fl and he
from a boat. The quarantine officers wculi
not even let him go aboard her vessel.
At Washington 1 waa very gind to learn that
the California rcpre?»nta lives in Congress had
agreed to stand together in making nominations
lor the consideration of the President. What
the State weds more than anything else is to
rtacd united. It doe« not matter !>o much who
getM thine*. «o long z% California receive* rec
otnltlcn.
It rosy be interesting to know that Ccngresf
ntn Metcalf cf cur district Is very much ap
preciated at Washington. His clear Flghted
nes« aud ilecision have placed him very high
Jr. the esteem of th* statesmen of the country.
His ability to give a decisive answer on the
«3ti««ions that are brought up before him — his
remarkable ability to say yes and no at the
rpfct time— have wen him great admiration.
The paper* in the Kast have had a good deal
to say regarding the remarkable combination
of jnea that has been secured for the univer
rity t>ummer weslon. In my estimation a
grtater triumvirate cf sclf-ntists could not be
brought together than Mr William Ramsay.
Profemior Hveme Arrhenius and Professor Hugo
<:* Vriea.
President Wheeler said he had ob
served that business men in the East
are more confident now than during
his visit among them last summer.
This feeling of security, he believes,
i* due to the pawine of the financial
crisis that made the stock market
ehaky some time ago.
T
Berkeley OftV-e Fan Francisco Call,
214 6 Center Street. March 8.
Rozsas was released by giving a
$200 bond, furnished by Albert Curr-
Jin and Henry Gloy.
The circular further declared that
Knapp had been appointed to the
committee, notwithstanding that Knapp
had in a public place boxed the ears
of the man that appointed him. The
complaint quotes the circular as also
pointing out one Heinrich Feldman
ns in the sanJk category .with Knapp.
The reputation (morally considered) of \V.
Knaj-p is such that a lady or decent woman
«ho car*-* any thine for her honor, character
or s*if-r<*si>ect can surely not allow herself
to tie found in >>octal jatherlngg or at public
fertivals or in sot!eti*i? as long- as an Indi
vidual ilk* W. Knapp as m«nt*r of such
society has access thereto.
Dr. riozsax. it is charged, warned the
women of the Oakland Turn Verein
to stay away from the banquet, say
ing:
William Knapp, importer of German
Broods and formerly a Deputy City As
sessor, who fell heir to a fortune from
his parents* estate in the fatherland,
has caused the arrest of Dr. H. Rozsas,
a prominent member of the local Ger
man colony, on a charge of criminal
libel. Knapp declares the physician
wrote and circulated a printed com
munication which declared that he,
Knapp, was not fit for the society of
decent women.
According to the complaint there
hag been much trouble brewing among
the German re?idents. Knapp quotes
the alleged libelous circular to show
that Rozsas objected because Knapp
had been made one of a reception
committee at a "banquet which, the
Oakland Turn Verein gave February
19 to the. officers and cadets of- the
German schoolship then in the har
bor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 8.
Newspapers of the East Dis
cuss Remarkable Combina
tion for Summer Session
Importer Claims That Dr.
H. Rozsas Warned Decent
Women to Beware of Him
HOW IN GER3IAX COLOXY
GREETS MRS.* HEARST
of Oakland's Physicians
Declares He Has Been Seri
ously 3Ialigned by One
President of University Out
lines Policy of Improve
ment for Two Departments
KNAPP MAKES
LIBEL CHARGE
WHEELER TALKS
ABOUT CHANCES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. WEDNESDAY. MARCH 9, 1904:
Burglars Who Shot at Prostrate Patrolman as He
Lay oh Sidewalk for Protection Are Still at
Large and Several Crimes Are Charged to Them
POLICEMAN HALL SAYS HIS COAT
PREVENTED HIM DRAWING PISTOL
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
and other stomach trouble*
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
SfyEOZOtit
This scientific germicide is abso-
lutely harmless ; it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a <ture».
Uced and recommended by leading phy-
sician*, i Take no substitute and see that
each bottle bears my signature. Trial size,
S1.O0, at druggists or by mail, from
6IOPri»cc5t. • :-;"• New York.
Bend for Boollet Eovto Treat Ducat's.
111S Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 502.
OAKLAND.
BBANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
•__ __' -^ . ipVEaTISTtTVTBNTS.
U _ I A MILLION TTAT.W OLD GBAND- D
H /^S~£ia|jj!§? ! P*'^'«s/ DADS credit their healthy old age to ft
§j jidM^Mi^yagB^ . CASCABETS Candy Cathartic, and f j
t| \p*jjj ._ • young in spirit by uaing CASCAB- t
I £p* zf^T *V \j ETS. That's why the sale is OVER A S
3 Ms&g*. V ' S^k l \ MILLION BOXES A MONTH. The I
I Jf&^^-**$£^$L^ J3 \L» one who Ukesffood eating and good I
8 #-»JE"b3f >C^_jJr~^taj9? \PL drinking can always depend on CAS- C
3 >^fe^£ i. CABETSto help digest hiafood.tone H
1 irtsP*"^ 1 * 2^S^ VVP7 up his intestines, stimulate hia liver, 1
S jfi^^^-^jJ^Tf i & I kee P W3 bo'wela regrular, hia blood I
1 PSJBfflBZgjjarti/ W/ pure and active and his whole body \
3 Syj&gjCfjgl^ 7 / LAI fa««Uthy, clean and wholesome. "In M
3 g|3J/3(V»^ —*¦ "i^f jjj time of peace prepare for war," and I
fl I? ff^C 1/ ' /A hav© about the house a pleasant fi
fi"-.'. OmHJL' 0 .^r * . •— "'*' J^^f, medicine for eour stomach, sick M
3 jlgr^ ' '/ ' J$Eur*%± headache, furred tongue, lazy liver I
r i JEfi^k^ j£§&^ JzST^ bad breath, bad taste-CA3CABETS I
J &r -¦ Candy Cathartic — a tablet at bed-
3 time will fix you all right by morn-
3 />iiP*£^>lHk. V tosr ' AU druSSiats, 10c. 26c, 5Oc
9 wMr Ms They makm mm N «ver sold in bulk. The genuine tab-
1 W W / tm*% •• good." let stamped CCC. Sample and book-
H iffl ¦ ¦. ¦ f f-v-: * let free. Address Sterling Remedy
l^b^Sh£? NDY CATHARTIC
I ANNUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES 1
|^ Greatest in the World m IMeyer Held to Answer.
Charles Henon, a bricklayer, 23
years old, residing 'with his mother at
1744 Market street, died yesterday of
blood: poisoning, the result of a very
peculiar accident. On February -. 27
he struck a dynamite cap with a - ham
mer. The explosion tore away the
fingers of his right hand. He was re
moved to the Central Emergency
Hospital for treatment/and afterward
to his home. Henon's mother was
present when the cap exploded and
narrowly escaped injury. ¦
Dies of Blood Poisoning:.
Merchants who are selling goods
daily" to the Government are in trouble
because the banks refuse to cash their
warrants, which are not payable until
November next.* The^Governor feels
that * the' merchants are too % much in
the habit of leaning upon the'Govern
ment in times of trouble,' but the mer
chants, on the other hand, feel that
it is they who, to a large extent,' are
carrying: the Government by supplying
the : sinews for its business and being
compelled to do so on a basis of about
nine ' months'; credit. The Treasurer
has the ' power to* borrow $300,000, but
the banks 'are by no means inclined to
So grave has the situation become
that a meeting of the members of the
Chamber of Commerce, Merchants' As
sociation and bankers was had with
Governor Carter, Treasurer Kepoikal
and Auditor Fisher. The banks have
absolutely refused to cash warrants is
sued by the Treasury Department un
til 'they can r 't a clear cut statement
of the Territory's, finances. The Gov
ernor has been working upon this state
ment for some days.
MERCHANTS TROUBLED.
HONOLULU, March 2.— The finances
of the Territory of Hawaii are hardly
in satisfactory shape. This is largely
due to the expenditures of the Dole
administration, which incurred many
liabilities when there was no money
in the treasury, leaving their payment
to be settled out of subsequent reve
nues. The Legislature, moreover, ap
propriated $1,000,000 more than will be
received from all sources of revenue,
and that amount has to be saved some
where. Even . with expenses cut down
to salaries and the minimum amount
for current accounts there will be $800,
000 of debt outstanding next Novem
ber, and this sum must be paid from
taxes then falling due. and which are
supposed to carry on the Government
until June 30, 1905.
Dole Administration Respon
sible for the Difficulties
Pacing Hawaii's Financiers
ISLAND FUNDS
IN BAD SHAPE
Banker Spaulding has informed the
Governor that the general volume of
business has decreased, that securities
have shrunk, that money is not avail
able to meet the requirements of the
community and that the position of the
Government is adding to the hard times
and the generally depressed situation.
He further stated that the banks are
no't satisfied as to the legal security
tendered them for advances made to
the Government, and that there is no
legal requirement making it incumbent
upon the treasurer to pay back such
loans from taxes. Legal opinions have
also been secured to the effect that
Government warrants cannot be used
against taxes. Under these circum
stances the bankers wanted to be as
sured of their security and the legality
of the warrants.
Governor Carter promised the busi-
by November and see that economy
was practiced in every possible man
ner, and since then he has been busily
engaged in shaving down various sal
ary and exoense items In the Govern
ment appropriations. During the inter
view, which was quite lenythy. there
was some sharp and pointed discussion,
showing a lack of harmonious interest
between the business community and
the administration.
After paying off the February «ala
ries there was a balance left in the
treasury of about $300, but at the close
of business yesterday there was not one
dollar left for salaries and current ex
penses of government.
The Belgians are great pigeon 'breed
ers and one of the choicest birds of this
kind Is the true Antwerp carrier, which
Is comparatively rare.
ness deputation to reduce the deficiency
accommodate the administration
Seventeen persons in a hundred in the
State of New York live to be over sev
«nty years of age.
Mrs. Robinson is very well known
in this city and has the reputation of
being rather Bohemian. Her marriage
Into the army came as a great sur
prise to those who were acquainted
with her and many were of the opin
ion that army socials and dances, to
gether with stripes and brass buttons,
had their influence in bringing about
the marriage.
Harry V. Arnold, who was married
to Martha Washington Decker Arnold
in New York in 1902. filed a suit for
divorce yesterday. He alleges deser
tion, charging that in September of
last year, when he requested his wife
to join him out here, she refused to do
so and has ever since continued to
live separate and apart from him.
Suits for divorce were also filed by
Abraham Greenwald against Esther
Greenwald for desertion, Thomas
Barnett against Rose Barnett for de
sertion. Finis K. Slarr against Caro
line E. Marr for infidelity, May Dem
ing against Richard Deming for de
sertion and Florence M. Schaller
against Edwin J. Schaller for cruelty.
Mrs. Schaller says her husband hurt
her feelings by cursing her and by
making her a target for his shoes.
Mary M. Rutherford, in a cross
complaint to the suit for divorce
brought by John J. Rutherford, ac
cuses him of cruelly beating her and
in her answer to his suit denies that
she ever was anything but a loving
and dutiful wife.
Decrees of divorce were granted to
Hulda Rundberg from Peter Rund
berg for desertion. Amret E. Hughes
from George Hughes for neglect and
Mary I. Dow from Clarence Dow for
neglect. Dow is the son of a Denver
banker.
Mrs. Swain was not destined to live
a single life, however, and in less than
two months after her first divorce had
been granted she fled with Lieutenant
Oliver Prescott Robinson to Reno, Xev.,
where they were married.
Shortly after their marriage the
ycning officer, who was at that time
Infatuated with his beautiful young
bride, was ordered to the Philippines.
There they remained until last July,
when Sirs. Robinson returned to this
city and went to the home of her moth
er at 733 Baker street.
In court yesterday Mrs. Robinson
charged her husband, who has recent
ly returned from the Philippines, with
having beaten her across the back with
a strap for being late for dinner, there
by hurting her feelings and her back.
She also states that Robinson used pro
fane and obscene language In address-
Ing her and accused her of being un
faithful.
The girl's parents, who were opposed
to the early marriage of their daugh
ter, attempted to have the marriage
annulled, as the girl was under age.
They were unable to do so, however,
and about a year afterward the wife
filed suit for divorce on the ground of
failure to provide. The divorce was
granted by Judge Dunne, to the grati
fication of the unhappy parents.
After two years of a decidedly un
happy married life, Mrs: Oliver Prea
cott Robinson, wife of Lieutenant
Prescott Robinson of the United States
army, was granted a divorce by Judge
Seawell yesterday on the ground* erf
cruelty.
Though Mrs; Robinson Is but 20 years
of age. she has been married twice,
both alliances terminating unhappily.
On July 21, 1S99, when but 15 years of
age, Ethel Johnson eloped with Henry
Ellis Swain, son of E. SI. Swain, a
prominent local dentist. The two run
aways went to Alameda, where they
were married. For the 'long period of
two weeks things went smoothly in the
Swain home, but after that the hus
band tired of home life and was sel
dom seen in the house.
Though but Twenty Years
: of Age She Is Victim of
Two Unhappy Marriages
John Brown, able seaman, occupied a
room in a Vallejo street boarding-house
with another son of Xeptune last Sun
day night, and when John rose from
his couch Monday morning and dressed
himself he substituted the other man's
coat for his own and went out. When
the other man awoke and discovered
his loss he hastened out and reported
to the police that in an inside pocket of
the missing garment was the sum of $15,
so Officer Clifford went forth to find and
succeeded in rounding up John Brown,
A. B. No money was found in the coat,
and John declared that he had not ab
stracted any cash from it, but was on
his way back to return it to Its owner,
having just discovered that it was not
his own, when the officer met him. In
lieu qf sufficient evidence to fasten the
crime of robbery upon John, that
Belle Chapelle, alias "Derby," was
"opening wine" in an O'Farrell-street
resort the other evening, when she
missed some of her money, and then
she disturbed the peace so energetically
that the proprietress of the place had
her arrested. She was fined $10 yester
day by Judge Cabaniss.
Since this woman entered the under
world her descent has been rapid. A
few years ago she suddenly flashed
into notoriety through being identified
as the "friend" of a French Vice Con
sul at this port who committed sui
cide, and since then she has frequently
posed in the police courts. But from
the primrose path of luxurious folly
she has passed to the thorny roadway
of squalid degradation.
"Her finish is near," remarked a prac
tical policeman, as Belle faced the court
and vainly tried to resurrect some of
the old defiant spirit that once made
her an object of interest.
Charles H. Wright, who shot John
D. O'Brien, a Call reporter, last Friday
morning, has been held in $5000 bonds
to answer in the Superior Court the
charges of burglary and attempting to
murder. His companion in crime, Rob
ert Weeden. was placed under bonds of
$3000 on the single accusation of bur
glary.
The two young desperadoes sat in
Police Judge Mogan's court yesterday
and nonchalantly listened to a recoun
tal of their felonious work. Weeden
was without coat or vest, those articles
having been taken from him to serve
as evidence that they had been stolen.
Wright calmly looked at the witnesses
as they testified and occasionally shift
ed his glance to the spectators that
crowded the space outside the rail.
When the story of the burglary and
shadowing of the defendants had been
told, Mr. O'Brien related his thrilling
struggle with Wright for possession
of the revolver with whir" the latter
tried to shoot Policeman Keohane, and
how he was shot through the leg by
deflecting the muzzle of the weapon
aimed at his body. He fully identified
Wright as the man who wounded him.
Officers Keohane and O'Connor gave
corroborative testimony, and the keeper
of the lodging-house on Kearny street
in which the defendants roomed also
furnished damaging evidence against
them. Xo defense was attempted, and
the cases were promptly sent to the
higher court.
While the hearing was in progress
the pistol taken from Wright lay, with
several detached cartridges, upon the
stenographer's table, where either of
the defendants could have obtained
possession of them by simply stretch
ing out his hand. In course of iden
tification the weapon was picked up
and returned to the table several times,
and each time it was sharply followed
by Wright's keen glance. Judge Mo
gan was first to perceive the tempta
tion that confronted the fellow whose
desperate character had been proved.
A sharp look at Wright's face appar
ently decided the Judge's mind, for he
quietly took the weapon from the hand
of the prosecuting attorney and laid it
upon the desk in front of him, saying,
"I believe it would be safer to keep It
up here."
Every one in court understood the
significance of the action and the
words. Wright and Weeden exchanged
a questioning glance, and then both
smiled In a sickly way.
Peter Dariot swore that the trousers
stolen from him by John Leichmann
could be purchased for $2, but Judge
Fritz sentenced John to three months'
Imprisonment Just the same.
• * *
Edna Dobbins was told by Judge
Fritz to go back to her home In Wat
sonville and stay there if she desires
to escape the fate of a wayward
woman, which is worse than death. '
The girl was with her "chum," Ada
Simpson, in a Barbary Coast dance
hall when they were arrested as va
grants. In court Jt came to light that
Ada, although under 18 years of age,
had been twice married and not once
divorced, so she Is held for bigamy.
Miss Dobbins promised to follow the
Judge's advice.
"That's the way to talk, Walter;"
said the court encouragingly; "and
for your own sake I hope you mean
what you say. The older you grow
the more firmly will you become con
vinced — unless, you are a greater fool
than I take you to be — that honesty is
the best policy. Now go to work, and
may good luck accompany you."
Walter was "spieling" for a Dupont
street bunko game when the police ar
rested him for vagrancy.
Walter J. Burt, aged 21 years, stood
before Judge Mogan and declared that
he had completely changed his mind
as to the comfort and convenience of
leading an honeat life in preference, to
subsisting by trickery.
"I have got a job," said Walter,
"and it's me to work if you let me go.
No. more faking for yours truly. I've
had my experience and I'm through
with it."
"And you celebrated the reunion by
making a punching bag of your old
friend, eh?" queried the court.
"Well, we had a few drinks "
"Ah, and your spirit of friendliness
toward the complainant became
stimulated to such a degree of exuber
ance that it could only find vent in
fistic exercise. I remember having
seen a comedian at one of the local
theaters express his affection for an- (
other comedian N by choking him,, but
that was on the mimic stage and the
assailed one was not injured. In this
case the circumstances are quite dif
ferent and I must remand you, John
Riley, until I figure out the sentence
that will best fit you."
"We were old friends, your Honor,
and had not met for years," said John
Riley, when Mogan asked why
he had assauKed and battered William
Spellman. •¦
• • •
The wife of John Hamilton, machin
ist, left his bed and. board a week ago
and went to reside at the home of her
brother-in-law, John Larsen, 3S61
Eighteenth street. Mr. Hamilton brave
ly withstood the strain of abandonment
until Monday, when his , spirit wilted
and he sought solace in fiery liquids.
John Larsen yesterday informed Judge
Mogan that John Hamilton was ."drunk
when he visited the Larsen dwelling
Monday evening and fired two shots
through a glass door panel after lie had
been refused permission to enter. Mr.
Hamilton's defense will be heard on
March 11.
"Well, I'll continue this case until
you can think out the exact number,"
pleasantly remarked the court.
, After scratching his head and exhib
iting other signs of memory-raking,
Martini said he remembered four Incar
cerations, but there might possibly have
been others which he had forgotten.
David D. Martini was before Judge
Mogan on. a charge of having, threat
ened to, kill Bertrand Malta, a Broad
way saloon-keeper, from whose place of
business he had been ejected after he
had obtained a drink and refused to
pay for it. He stood upon the sidewalk,
witnesses stated, and- brandished a
knife at Maita and invited him to step
outside and be carved.
"You have been in Jail, haven't you?"
Inquired the Judge, glancing searching;
ly at the defendant's swarthy face.
An affirmative nod was the reply.
"How often have you been in jail?"
In the court of Judge Cabaniss a sec
ond charge of • burglary was entered
against Charles Johnson, who had been
caught while attempting to rob the jew
elry store of Cohn' Bros., 1034 Market
street, last Monday, night. .It was
proved that just prior to that adventure
the defendant had entered the apart
ment of J. B. Fillman at 1032 Market
street and taken therefrom a suit of
clothes, with ,which 4 he ascended to the
roof and there attired himself, leaving
the cast-offs behind. He was held to
answer on both charges.
charge was dismissed yesterday by
Judve Cabanlss.
• • • • • • •
3LVKES CRUELTY CHARGE
Mvs. Robinson Claims That
Her Hiisband Was in the
Habit of Insulting Her
Police Judge Mogan Holds Charles H. Wright in
$5000 Bail on Charges of Burglary and Attempt
to Murder-Robert Weeden Is Also Detained
YOUTHFUL WIFE
GIVEN DIVORCE
BURGLAR WHO SHOT A REPORTER
IS SENT UP TO SUPERIOR COURT
THE SAN FRAXXISGO CALL. WEDNESDAY, x MARCH 0, 1904:
Thomas Hoey, a sailor, filed a libel
yesterday in the .United States District
Court against George D. Gray & Co.,
as i: owners of the American steamer
Fulton, to recover J13 alleged to be
du« as waees. ','.¦'.
Libel "for Wages.
John Meyer was held to answer
yesterday • by United States ¦ Court
Commissioner Heacock to the charge
of opening: a letter addressed to an-,
other person and embezzling a ten
dollar -greenback contained therein.
Meyer came with- his friend, ;john
Lava, a short time ago, from Seattle
to this city, and they took, their meals
at 34 Filbert street. Here Lava's mail
was addressed. It ; Is ; charged - that
Meyers called for a letter addressed to
Lava and' took therefrom a- ten-dollar
bill. ¦:
7
THE EMPOE1TJM | .THE EMPOBITJM ;' K^% THE EMPOJtlTJM.
»»r,k» t»,r r »».xr *j*M»M.*M»M9> t »M»M»M*M*M •».*»>?*••» »MK*K *M*.K*. VMPV, ».* HXX***. VJWMXX* *,*XK*K *.*P.
The Last Day of I . •v^j^ fX* Sale Mrs. Potts 9
Taffeta Sale JLfl \*%& f •» * Flat Irons 880
7foO»a//ry 57c k^M>WZ
Beautiful, high-graie quility Hifisy B M €L>^^-^ B M&JtS %r mSJr&VM M fl .
for lining,, underskirt,, drop ' I I I f , «"nd and holder, plated and
skirts, etc., in even' popular color „ iiiTnmmBf^^ 8^^^^^^ polshed; to-day Gtf&gnt
combination. -*^i|fli^l ¦ [i '" GPANDEST 3T0BG onJy OOU
Easter preparations cannot be delayed now. Dressmakers and milliners
are already overworked. The big store is ready with fashion's most exclusive
styles, in silk and woolen fabrics, trimmings, millinery, ready-to-wear garments
and the many other accessories to a complete Easter toilet. A first inspection of
the completed stocks can be made this week..
Beautiful Stylish Spring Neckwear
g^r^^ Opening Display To-Day . fl^
ipNiSi 50c Lace Collars 23c
\\ '&\ (( nc makers of neckwear have outdone themselves in the new S?t^£c3&ii®ZG&lSo&3 »^\.
If i\ V novelties for spring. Never were the designs for women's neck- t '^i^> l v^!?**j£*£*2-{>-'_ >^k^'^^v
if 3\ wear so attractive as they are now — dainty conceits of crash, butch;rs* Iken, ¦@i-<J'X/<^^J^?!y^7j* "^?^fi^*
// A\ \\ mull," lawn and taffita, with all the conctivab'.c cclor schemes— aso the popular s f^r -S"WiV^yjj|'.^i ij*f '£i?&!&1
8 / **a' °° ) cr081 Jt " tc^ ' n Bu'garun colorings. So many styles that our space will not per- ' *^i «*/X?^vjipr*,'^<j^W**^
n^^) r*!^^- 7 mit °^ numeration. To introduce you to this unsurpassed neckwear display we ***^-^te^'»iJw®ft r/Mr^
(Tfl£i)) - offer to-day: ' * fc£y»Vjv«i<r
100 Dozen Vcnise Lace StocK Collars — Those |
very popular 55c and 50c lace collars, in a great variety of patterns;
colors white, cream and ecru; Wednesday only, each HmSC
Stock Bows — Of butchers' linen, with heary embroidered set pat- est effects; tome with lace medallions and sprays, tppliqurd on
terns on co'lar and bow ends; ,very chic; each . »*o O/l noting cloth; others with chiffon and lace combined, with sprinlc-
'. .'."•'. .......' \ . . «3»«w»Cr€r ling of jewels, gold or tiiyer beads, ttc.; extremely c f\
. A great many other styles down as low as joe. • dainty effects, from $4*SO down to
Crash Stocks — Very handsome sty.e, as pictured, with colored Lace Berthas — In white and cream; a special showing in the Point
bands of the popular cross stitch around collar and on tab — crna- Lierre, Venise and applique, in patterns bewitching. y attractive,
mented with pearl rings and buttons $1.00 The one so imperfectly shown in illustration is _» _ _
Novelty Stocks — A complete line of hand-made stocks in the new- $7*50; oth-ra from $11,50 down to . . $1bM 5
Sale Art Skins 38c Novelty Dress Goods
For Pyrography Burners ; Very Moderately Priced
'¦ We have secured another big lot of colored sheep Lace Etamine — An entirely cew *eareof transparent dress g:ods,
skins, the quality and finish of which are equal if not *<*? «^/ n , <1 clinging, will nuk, .well spring cesf Cf --
. *, / .. ., * , , tumis; blacfc and all colon; 45 mchrs wide;. Yard ..9mmM 9
superior to those we have had on previous said, and . ' , ' ' . ,
, , . ,. ,, , r • .1 1 x. Samite — A s:lk and wool novelrv, a soft ¦ mat -rial lJce crepe, in
there are p.enty of all the desirable colors, such as— £mall and neat dMigM . aH foi;d toiori;igs> luch „ cha mpa S ne.
red browns light greens gr ay, raeda, brown, royal and b:ack; 45 inches f n
tans , yellows dark greens wide; yard $7i9O
And th-y go on special sile Wcdnefday only, at abou: i O ji)^ Chiffon Voile — A ihrer light weave in much d?ma?.d; male's vtrv
one-half regu'ar value, each .' . m^CCrCv handsom: dreues; in all the new shades of champagne, gray, castar,
Pyrographic Outfits -Complete in erery particular, with good heliotrope, royal, reseda, etc.; 45 inches w.de; yard . .'$1 m tiO
quality imported p'at'num point and large size bulb, equal to many 54 -Inch Broadcloth — Steam finish and warranted to give good sstW-
5 e.oo outfits, and an outfit that we can fut'.y rccomm-nd. S3» OO faction; comes in all colors, and is an exceptional f%
Stamped Wood Novelties for Burning. c Td " e / t »/ arf ; ;• •••••;• -9tmSQ
rt ji i.- c n jmrr~ m ,« e . Scotch Spring Suitintfs — V* e hare a rery large assortment of thc-e
Handkerch,et Boxes . . 4gO Plaque, 25O £ J^ xt% th 5 at wU l be greatly u/ed fcr walk- m _ _
L>« Boxes... 6OO J*™*" BOO f P fui 50t0 . + incheswi 4 v / ri $f.OO
Picture Frames . . . . 25O Boo> Slides 86O
Goclt Stands ... . . 75C Steins ........ 75 O ¦
Perfumed Benzine— Is esprclally prepared for pyrognphy work; 6- B^ng%£* EbzHn&C J3^>**
ounce bott:e: . . .. •. . . f So MKMMWStS r~*M¥tm& m *^i%S
Shellac for pyrography work, best quality, 4 ounces . . . . 25C Sale Y/edneStiay Qfid Thursday
fjfrii^ijj! , | An immense purchase of Boy^ separate
50C CUShiOn COVerS 29C Knee Pants, manufactured frcm mill
_ _ A . rt — * e mt @«9 fifiZS veii ends of htgn grade tzveeds and
Drapes, Portieres, Curtains Wr^WyWft&i cheziois - a11 " lcM in *™*™<,
WednesddV only — ai-inch cushion covers in Oriental designs and & I j^ fc5j '^ JfSj Jy a!so corduroys sizes for 5 to 16 yra^s;
heraldic patterns, plain green and red art ticking S : : J *. ; % ¦ \ 1 J special price tc-day, piir. . . .ij-2o
for back, tassels on corner; green, red and blue //jgg MJf t£ t* f 1 £ f*' Pretty 5uit — For boys ; to il year-;
color eff.-cts; worth 50c each, tor g| ; *&*£, * \ Jj/ Norfolk saKor style, with si k em-
Mantel Drapes— Of tinsel crep;, in fioral patterns, fringed on front *p ! * fHjf broidered shield and silk lie; -ges 7 to
and ends; white, green and red colorings, each 45C liSfffr^ K- ftt* ? - VeJrl S2mQ5
' .. , A'n iv IsBfll^r?*' All-Wool Jailor Suit- For bovs; to 10
Tapestry Portieres- Armure .nd Ottoman rep weaves; pla.n self H^g^if" ye , rf; made of a pleasing and ta,:v
colors a nd _ Oriental effect,, in great var.eTy of designs; heavy . pit> . !t V: D: pattern; collar U branded"
fnnged, pair . .&3.00p S3. SO, $4-mOO ""d $SmOD g n i y «o «/>
Nottinjham Lace Curtains-In Irish p^int novelty and Brunrb Rujl|in . Wlsh $,!,„ Suiti-For bora \^ S'l yean." w'thout
patterns; wh:te and ecru, F a Ir . $1.25, $1.75 and 52.25 rf contradiction we can «ate thai these suirs are
Bon Femmes— Nove'ty pitterns and imitauon Arabians, white and fhc bejt TalueJ j, own - m t jj e c;ty tCM j ay at tixa ridiculous'y low
Arabe colors; widths 48 and e.a inches; heavy netting, deep pr ; ce They are ma(le wa ,hable galateas and Madras stripes.
valance, each . .* . . . . Z3.75, S5.OO and $6.5O Complete suit $1.VO
— — ¦— ¦^ —^ — — —^^^— i^^^^^^»— Boys* Rootevtlt "Rough Rider" Suits — Made of mil : tary khaki,
tmB+nt* t*t*M£* JS £Md I l/lll/lfa with red. facings; just the thing lor bays' brigades and clubs; sizes
u/j j ¦ ' ?« T ' for 4 toi 4 yea I .;pr:ce $1,45
Wednesday and Thursday : m
Best Coffee-Java and Mocha; our famous blend; 1b. . . . 29c m #H_ - - fc-m^ gT%M^ -*m~. .... A^fl
Salmon Bellies-Extra Alaska fi.h, 6 fish 25o /fl (& FOZ&t L* B &*&§?— 3J $$ &3*O
Sutfar Corn— Best Western; best and tender; tin, lOog dozen . g *^
$1.15 gn Out* Picture Denim
Tomatoes— Hesperian brand; s^-poucd tins; per dozen, SSc; m m^mmmmm vr m^m^g^mm
single tin. . . • .80 On a large assortment of framed pictures that have
Hesperian Tcmitoes— Gallon tins. 22o been slightly (?cry slightly) damaged from handling and
Fancy R««-New japan, 5 po«ndi. . . . ....... 25p display, we will, 'beginning Wednesday, make a special
Maryland Cub Whisky— Pure rye; worth $1.25; bottle . . 8O0 -• c m. im *m 1 v v i_
GitK Kummel-ImpoLd; the only genuine; bortle. . . S1.1O of OttO-half off™ close them out this week.
Asti Claret— Extra table wine; gallon 37}zO ¦ The collection includes .many pleasing parlcr, sitting and bedroom
O. P. S. Whisky— Regularly $ 1. 50 bottle $1.W P>«°'". choice, subjects by the best known artists— artotypes, etch-
Bourbon Whiskies— AU our regular I2.50 to I3.00 per gallon «ng« »nd colored life photos, phots gravures, carbon*, etc., etc.; be-
Kentucky sour mash bourbon, for the two days, ±^^ -»_ ginning at 8:30 this morning, aflat OnO'half off rcgU'
gallon . &2.U5 lar marked prices.
rtin* ye**** ¦*•+*** •A-A'A*'+'*'4t4'**.w* wmii +1*'*** •*«°***"+itf*'*'* *x#*r+'*x**-+ wrtrtrti ****** "***:** ut**
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rKIUIANEXCE OF CURE.
The Chief Merit.
Many so called pile remedies will
alTord the user Flight, tempor-
ary relief, and the majority of
sufferers do not expect more .
than this. Women especially, af- .
ter having tried every preparation
recommended for the cure of Piles,
have come to the conclusion that there
is no cure except by an operation. This
is rightfully viewed with dread, be-
cause of the shock to the delicate ner- •
v«>us system of women, and many of •
those afflicted have resigned them-
p^lvets to the situation with never a ,
:houpht that there is any help in sight
for them.
We invite the attention of all such ;
to th<» experience of the lady whose ad-
dress is given below:
. "I feel it my duty to recommend the
Pyramid Pile Cure. for. after suffering
un years with a most distressing form ]
of Piles, I am entirely cured; thanks (
to this remedy. Any one doubting: this .
can write to Margaret Brady, 156 Whit- '
man street, Cleveland. Ohio." J
Ten months later she writes: "I am !
p!ad to say that I am still perfectly •
free from Piles, and have not had the
slightest trouble since I first used your '
remedy. I am well known in Cleveland. '
and have advertised Pyramid Pile Cure (
extensively here. I take pleasure in '
doing so, as it saved me from an opera- -
tion which I always dreaded, and you 1
are assured the remedy can have no ;
firmer advocate than I."
Testimony like this should convince 1
the most skeptical that Pyramid Pile j
Cure not only cures, but cures to stay '
cured. It is 5n the form of a sup- '
po=5tory; can be applied in the privacy
<'f the home, directly to the parts af- 1
feAed. and does its work quickly and
painlessly. :
Druspists sell this famous remedy for
f.fty cents a package, and we urge all :
sufferers to buy a package now and :
Rive it a trial to-night. Accept no sub-
stitutes.
Write Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
Mich., for their little book on the cause
and cure of Piles, which is sent free for
th<* askirjp.
(5 visit DR. JORDAN'S great J
klUSEUH OF fiNATQtm
0 £& ~~ m*-rc sr. w.. fcuftk, s.r.cu. A
\ Tf The Ljre«Mt Anatomical Mutcnm in the \
Q _J> World. V.e*k;.c»ics cr tmj costnetrri Q
Sir sS3 Ai-eatc > nlU«.lf WW 4ii ? n,,n tl i T
4 $5C?I CR# J 2RCAN-D'SEASES OF KIH A
I jKljf H Treatment personal!? or br letter. A Q
[ 7 BB Pnmu** Curt m trtry tx-jt undertaken. \
i' » 'Iff »r!«(rr Book. PKJ1.O* or R Y >f A
i I BillRUCr. MAtlKS r&KK. (Af
Jk A ji vatoabl* book for tnrc) \
V r-B JOBDi.X 4fO..ir»l M»rt»t!St..8. P. V
I DR.PIERCK I
! GOLDEN
MEDICAL i
OiSCOVERY
\ FOR THE
BLOODJJVER.UJNCS;!
"DOTTC1J17C FOR BARBERS, BA-
£5riUorljliO kPrp - bootblacks, bath-
houses. biJUard tables.
l.i»»ers. bookbinders, candy maker*, cannen,
«!> re. flcur mil>. foundries, laundries. P*Per-
h*rr-*T* prJ-fr? rainters. ehoe Jactortea,
rtabietnca. tsr-rocfers. tanners, tailors, etc.
BTJCHAXTAXT USOS.,
Crush Manufacturer*. 609 Sacramento St.
ASTHMANOLA
in the only cure for iffervon* and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Your DruKi-.st or »t liAlOHT ST..
t-an Francisco. Cal.
Schools and Colleges*
L^ADINf> Brf-IN"ESS COLLEGE . OP" THE
WEfT. 2* Po"t »t-. San Francisco. Cal.
Ea'.sMichvd. 40 rears. Open entire rear.
Write fcr illustrated eatalejrue ffree).
OCEAN TBAVEL.
SFteaniers leave Broadway
wharves. Pi«»rB 9 and 11,
Han Francisco.
For Ketchikan. Wransel.
Juneau. Hai- 1 *-!". Skacway,
Ptc. Alaska— 11 «. m.. Mar.
1. 6, II. l 16. 21. 26. 31. Apr.
S. Change to company's
Ftoamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
L'r>rt Townsend. Seattle Taroma, E\ - erett. Iiel-
Mr.Eham— 11 a. m.. Mar. 1. C, 11. 16. 21. 26. SI.
Ait. T>. Oian^p at Beattle to this company's
rtrjmwi for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle
or TaroTr.a to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
T. Bjr.
Tor Kureka 'Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1 :30
p. m.. Mar. B. 11. 17. 2-J. 29. Apr. *¦ Spokane
1 :.:(• r- rn.. Mar. 2. 8. 14. 20. 2«. Apr. 1.
Por L^s Angeles <via. Port Ixh> Anpele* and
Hr^ornio). Ran Uiejro and Saata Barbara — San-
ta Rot-a. Sundays, !' a. m.
Staf of California. Thursday*. 9 a. m.
Tor t/y* Ar.e^l"^ <vla Baa Pedro and East
Kjn.Pfflrol. Santa Rarhara, Ranta Crux, Mon-
tcrey, Pan Simecn. Cayuco«. Port Harford (Sun
I.ui» Obltpo). Ventura and Hueneme.
«'oo! Far. 9 a. m.. Mar. 8. 1«, 24. Apr. 1.
nor-'ta. O a. m.. liar. 12. 20. 2S. Apr. 5.
For nr.j^nada. Mjigdalena Bay. San Jose del
'.---. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa. Ro-
?»!ia. Guaymas 'M»x.). 10 a. m., Tth each
momh. For further information obtain folder.
Rilfht ta rcsen-ed to ehenge steamers or sallisg
tfte*.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery rt. i Palace Hotel!. 10 Market »t. and Broad-
trav »h»n-»f. Freirht office. . 10 Market st.
C. 1). DCNA3CH, General Pasyenger Aeent.
10 Markpt rt.. Ran Francisco.
* The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter »t., will
cj;!' for ar.d ch«>rk bnrc«n«; from hotel* and
rfM'ier.res. Telephone Kxchanp« 312.
O. /?- «ft N. CO.
¦ OREGON sails March 1R,. 28. April 7. 17,
2T. May 7. 17 nnd 27. S. S. Oregon is tempo-
fjsriljf in fwrvicr- inytf-ad of the Columbia
<nORGF. W. KKDER nails March 13. 23*
*wn 2. 12. 22. May 2. 12 and 22. Only eteam-
? liip line to PORTLAND. OR., and ehort rail
?.ur from Portland to all points East. Through
t!-~kfts to all points. Rll rail or steamship and
rail, at L/1WKFT RATES. Steamer tickets in-
* ¦•urie b~rtb and meal!«. Steamer ealls foot of
s^ar st.. at 11 a. m. P. F. BOOTH. Gen.
Ac«. Pass. Drpt.. 1 Montgomery *t. ; C. CLIF-
FORD. Oen. Atrcnt. Freight Dept., 3 Mont-
g' rr.rry et
occanics.s.c«.i^3£
* S. ALAMEDA. fcr Honolnm. Mch. 12. 11 i.m.
S. «. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Men, 18. II a.m.
F. s. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thur^ March 24. 2 p. m.
«asFE£ctiLi&Ens.n,(iH..ritiiBR!e8,e(irtitia
' 7 fK$lt2xi2S EctiltLfitfla. 7.radk It
. COJTPiGKIE GZKEE1LE TEARSATLA.N'TIQCE.
KinnCT L.IXE TO HAVRE-PARIS. »+^
»allinjc every Thursday instead of ¦^'SSS.t
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. '•«"9iS3P^
North River, Soot of Morton rt.
First «~Iass to Havro. *7O and upward. Sec-
ond f-la^F to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
KiUL AGEXCT FOR UNITED STATES A»*J
CANADA, 52, Bmadway (Hudson building).
New York. .1. F. FKGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
A cents. 5 Montromery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket % fold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and VjUleJo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE~or~MONTICELLO—
ft-4r» a. in.. .'?:15 and *:50 p. m., except Sunday.
Fcndsy. 0:45 a. m.. 8:«0 p. m. I^ave Vallejd
T a. m., 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sait-
' <<)v 7 a tn.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cent*. Tel.
Main I50S. Pier 2, Misslon-st. dock. HATCH
FRiTlfi.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . '
iNathan-Dohrmam^l
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
|RHETO5S^>yOJTSS
\ dBg^llrBB^L ' he bcst treatment i s to cut^l
U ¦ WffiSr* ylli! an Allcock ' s Porous Plaster H
1 n^jJ^yfY^^^^ s * ze an^ shape required and M
1 .^^^^^sK \-*tJ§P apply to part affected. There's (1
|j \^^"^ nothing that will give such U
n/ { '^ I or SP ra ' ns or to take the Stiffness or
Y jjff Soreness out of over- worked muscles
I m ' if an(^ ma^ e tnem strong and supple, noth-
I ' J&L b * n £ cq 11^ 5 th e genuine ¦
II { POKOIUS MASTERS
1 I CAUTION — Like all good things Allcock's Por- B
1 I ous Plasters have been imitated, but it is in appearance ,1
a ' •"'¦ I '_ only 'that the imitation. resembles Allcock's. None §
B I I have the healing, strengthening and pain-relieving ; n
ILtfS ¦'_._ I V\ properties contained in the Allcock's. Fur- il
¦ • /C "^V^ thermore, Allcock's Plasters are absolutely : IJ
£ .'- £ sa ' e as do not contain belladonna, opium * il
jL "*««««»Bw^^jfc* ; or 1 any. poison whatever. - U
Always Insist on, having the genuine. - M' of the House of Representatives, whose
name fame has not yet seized with approval, has un
burdened himself * of the; opinion that the newly con
structed office of the President in the White House is riot
fit environment for a second-class lawyer. Let us hope
that it never -wilK be. v .
Among the many luxuries suggested as desirable for
the Russian soldiers { now in the frozen fields, of Man
churia none were more prominently mentioned than that
valued article of commerce, soap. What in the world
do the Czar's men want soap for? Have they developed
an extraordinary eccentricity in epicurean taste?
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. COc a pound, in artistic flre
etcheel boxes. A nice present for Kastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call Side •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
After. all, the. Albanian insurrection, that promised so
much of the spectacular in fanatical war, was only a flash
in the~ pan. " The fight ic over, s the Albanians are paci
fied and the Turk is trlumpl.int. For a sick man the
cynic of the Golden Horn has the readiest recupera
tive faculty of any fellow on earth. He is strong in the
weakness of his neighbors. "//.- I
ENLISTMENT— Subscriber. Geyser
vHle, Cal. It has been held that mere
ly enlisting in the military or naval
service of a foreign sovereign does not
by itself work expatriation of a citizen
of the United States. Naturalization is
the highest but not the only evidence
of expatriation. Such acts, in addition
to the selection and enjoyment of a
foreign domicile as amount to a re
nunciation of United States citizenship
«»nd a willingness to submit to or adopt
the obligations of a citizen of the
country or domicile, such as accepting
public employment, engaging in mili
tary service, etc.. may be treated by
the United States Government as af
fecting expatriation. By expatriation Is
meant the renouncing of the citizenship
of one country to adopt that of an
other. A man may change his citlsen
crnp. but he cannot change his na- *
tionallty.
The Naval Register for 1904, giving
the date of duty or leave of all the
officers in the navy to January 1, has
been published and distributed by the
Navy Department. As an official rec
ord it is of little value, owing to the
large number of inaccuracies, many of
which are so flagrant as to attract at
tention at once. Thl3 carelessness in
preparation manifested itself two years
ago and the blunders have appeared
in five subsequentf annual and semi
annual issues. The errors are espe
cially numerous in the list of the lower
grad.es, no less than nineteen lieuten
ants, nine Junior lieutenants and
thirty-three ensigns being credited to
wrong ships or other duty at dates
that were v incorrect. Thus Lieutenant
Edward Woods, who appeared in the
Register of 1902 as assigned to the
Monterey on April 4, 18 98, is now
credited to the Mayflower under date
of April 4, 1898. Lieutenant C. T.
Owens is recorded as attached to the
Hist. since June 18. 1807, and yet this
vessel was not acquired by the navy
untilMay, 1S98. A third mistake is
in. crediting Lieutenant W. R. Sexton
to the torpedo-boat Dale since Decem
ber 15, 1899. There Is a torpedo-boat
destroyer named Dale, launched July
34, 1900. and placed in commission Oc-
'An Inaccurate Register.
In a recent "debate in the United States Senate the in
teresting fact was developed thut certain naval officers,
high in the councils of the, nation, want to retire the
battleship Oregon primarily for the reason that she has
.not stateroom facilities sufficiently, gorgeous to suit, the
fancies and satisfy,; the luxurious tastes of some of our
fighting sailors. The suggestion to retire the "great ship
is an outrage. < Let some of our esthetic seadogs re
member that the Oregon has made history and that it is
an. honor for. any.man to command her guns, in peace or
I war. - v ¦ - L_ .'-V,:- ' : ¦ .,
EARTHQUAKES— A Readefl City.
The cause of earthquakes has never
been discovered. F. W. Rudler, an emi
nent physicist, in an article contributed
to the Encyclopedia Brltanntca says:
"Even at the present day, after all that
has been written on the subject, but
little is known as to the origin of earth
quakes." Numerous theories have been
presented as to the origin of the quakes,
but the prevailing opinion is that what
ever their origin, whether from on a
cause or various causes, the vibrations
of every earthquake can be traced to a
focus within the earth, and that this
lies directly beneath the' point of great
est disturbance.
I ain't a wantin* riches — though they're
handy as kin be —
Ain't overstocked with wisdom— kaze
'twould run away with me!
Don't hunger fer the hilltop, whar the
stars an' storms you see —
Give me a sunbeam an' a daisy!
The hilltop's high to heaven, whar it
sees the break o* day. ,
An' tells the worl' about it in a halle
lula way.
But — give to me the meadows an' the
inusic o' the May —
Give me a sunbeam an' a daisy!
Too high the hills above us. where the
thunder trumpets call; -
A feller on the heights o* them looks
wonderfully small!
The people in the valley air .the happiest
of all— ,
Give me a sunbeam an' a daisy!
— Atlanta Constitution.
Sunbeam and Daisy.
ANSWERS— Call Reader, SaMnaa,
Cal. This department does not under
take to publish answers to questions
on a particular day. Such are printed
as soon as space permits after they
have been secur d. Correspondents
who desire "a hurry answer" should
accompany the question with a self
addressed and. stamped envelope and
request an early answer.
FOREIGNERS NOT WANTED— A!
Subscriber, GeyservHle, CaL The Jap
anese Government has announced that
it will not enlist in its army or navy
any foreigners. The Japanese fear
the foreigners might be spies %pr tho
enemy. The Russian has no desire ta
enlist foreigners, having plenty of ma
terial to fill the ranks of both
branches of the service.
Answers to Queries.
A number of racetrack men were
standing in the betting ring at Oakland
the other day. One of them, who was
rather hard of hearing, had Just hit the
books for a heavy roll of the green
goods, and consequently he was the
center of an admiring throng, especial
ly those gentlemen known to be in the
tout class.
The lucky one absorbed the flatter
ings of the multitude for a few minutes
and then, becoming tired, started away
to place a bet on another likely one. He
had gone but a short distance when he
was approached by a tout all out of
breath and to a hurry.
"Say, can you slip me $10 till to
morrow," said the tout. " "I need the
coin bad and I have a live one In sight."
"What's that?" asked the- one about
to be touched. "I can't understand a
word you say."
"I said," shouted the tout,,,"can you
lend me $20 till to-morrow?"
"Oh, I thought you said ten a minute
ago,", answered the lucky man.
The tout strolled away to look for
something easy.
Convenient. Deafness.
"An extraordinary effect of light
ning is reported from Lake Grand
lieu, in the Nantes region in France. A
violent tempest burst over the lake,
with viVid "lightning and thunder. A
number of boats were on the lake, and
while they were hurrying to bank,
there was a tremendous peal of thun
der. Almost immediately there fell
among the boats the dead bodies of a
large flock of wild duck, some of them
roasted to a nicety, and some charred
to a cinder. Roast duck, cooked by
lightning, reads like a. novelty, even ia
the freaks of meteorology."
When the sedate London Globe pub.
lishea a story like the following it is
time to pull down the blinds. Says that
sheet: rS-'.'-.-
Nearing the Limits '
i—x RESIDENT SMITH is. indeed a patriarch, no mat
r"^ ter what his merits as a prophet. He admitted to
•*¦ the Senate that he "is the father of forty-two chil
dren, all living — twenty-one boys and twenty-one girls,
and is proud of them all. Eleven of them have been
added to the census since the revelation abandoning
polygamy was communicated through President Wood
ruff. The race may suicide, but the Smith family has a
promise of continuance. . = • vu-
Mr. Smith must be a thrifty person to support the ex-:
pense of such an extensive establishment. Utah cannot
make a more attractive exhibit at the St. Louis fair than
these, forty-two children, their one father and their five
mothers. If accompanied by a history of their bringing
up, it would give the country valuable hints in domestic
economy. Did Smith walk the floor with the batch when
they were in the juvenile agonies of cutting teeth? Did
he help steer them through the chicken-pox, croup,
measles, mumps and the other ailments of infancy? Does
he support an exclusive family tailor, dressmaker, doctor
and shoe cobbler? Of course he needs no domestic chap
lain," for he can do-all that business himself. Do they all
run out to meet him and clamor for peanuts and candy
and search his pockets for small change? How is it at
Christmas? Do they hang up eighty-four stockings for
him to fill with sweetmeats, mechanical toys and Noah's
arks?
Mr. Brigham Roberts, who had a little collision with
the House of Representatives in which he was derailed,
preached a fervent sermon last Sunday in Salt Lake, in
which he expressed his joy that President Smith's testi
mony to the Senate committee had put the great truths
of Mormonism before millions who could not have
known them otherwise. May we suggest that the presi
dent's evidence also puts a little too much family before
millions, in proportion to the sacred truths that decorate
it?
The world has feared that it would be overrun by
Smiths, and here is this one leading the vast army with
forty-two more Smiths. As his record is forty-two, his
twenty-one boys may be expected to enter the competi
tion, and if they do as wellthe result will be 882 more
Smiths.. At this rate the Jones and Robinson families
will find no place to lay their heads. The name of Utah
will be changed to Smith and the gospel trumpet will
call Smiths exclusively to salvation.
Brigham Young is not in it any more, though he flpur
ished before the anti-polygamy law. His successor in
the presidency has done quite well in* spite of the law.
He is president and prophet, parent at large, and also a
director of the Union Pacific Railroad. As such he
has transportation privileges.. When these forty-eight
Smiths, father, mothers and children, take a trip on direc
tors' passes, what chance is there for the non-polyga
mous public to get a berth in a Pullman, or a seat in a
day car, or room in the diner?
Brigham Roberts may be right about the advertising
the truths of Mormonism are enjoying, "but he may be
wrong about the favorable effect. The Grand Jury in
Salt Lake will have work on its hands when the presi
dent returns, to the' : bosoms of his five" families.
THE SMITH FAMILY.
A few definitions of Chinese geo
graphical prefixes and suffixes may b«
of service in elucidating the nomencla
ture of current war news. First, pre
fixes: Ta, as in Taku, means great.
and siao, as . in Siaopingthou, means
small. Pel or pe, nan, tung and si are
respectively north, south, east and
west. Thus the Pel Ho la the North
River, etc. Shang and hai are upper
and lower. Pal, hei and whang are
white, black and yellow. Suffixes are
more numerous and familiar. Klang,
ho tchuan, ula, muren and tchu each
and all mean river. Thus Yalu Klang
and Llao Ho are simply Talu River
and Liao River. Shui. kou, thsuan.
khi, gol and ussu are unfamiliar terms,
meaning a brook or small river. Hu,
nor and omo mean lake. as
in the well known Lob Nor. Po,
tse and tlen mean a small lake or
swamp, or a town situated near such
a place. Hai means sea; thus Whang
Hai Is the Yellow Sea. Tung Hai is the
Eastern Sea and Nan Hai Is the South
ern Sea. Tao, and sometimes shan.
means Island, but shan more often
means a m< untaln range. Ling is a
pass over a mountain range.
Handy Interpretations.
The agent told. his. story of the rob
bery to his employer, whom he found
sitting in the back office, with the safe
door open ready to receive the swag.
What was said there was never print
ed, but after that the percentage was
not carried through Fish alley.
It was in the '70's, and not when
Chief Crowley was in office, that a rob
bery occurred in Chinatown that was
never reported to the "upper" office.
There were reasons for not detailing
the detectives on the case, which may
be explained thus:
It was at the time when gambling
was rampant among the yellow devils,
and when gambling was prosperous in
Chinatown certain officials in the old
City Hall were fat.
At that time $3000 a month found its
way into an office on the ground floor
through a back door under the stair
way. This $3000 was payable on the 1st
and 15th of each and every month. The
$1500 was placed in a canvas sack in a
drawer at the residence of a Chinaman
on Jackson street, through which It
used to be taken through Fish alley
during the early hours of night to the
City. Hall.
On this particular night in December
while the' trusted agent was ' going
through Fish alley»with the booty un
der his heavy overcoat he was hit on
the head with a stuffed club and
knocked down by two fleet-footed men,
who grabbed the bag of gold and es
caped through a building into Dupont
street. Thence they went their way re
joicing.
Robbing the Robbers.
What has become of the great municipal hue and cry
for the remodeling of local theaters that they may be
reasonably safe to the public and that in none of them
shall lurk the menace of widespreading death? Our play
houses are as unsafe now- as they were when our authori
ties voiced a warning against them. Have we so Soon for
gottti? the terrible lesson of the Iroquois?
The Bureau of Navigation Is charged
with supervision of the Navy Register
and the numerous errors are not those
of misprint, but solely due to incom
petence and indifference as to ac
curacy. The continuous repetition of
these blunders may be due to the fact
that the Bureau of Navigation has
been so much occupied with the gen
eral staff scheme, calculated to broaden
its control of naval affairs, as to en
tirely forget all about its present duty
of publishing correct information re
garding the personnel of the navy.
tober 24, 1902. and no officer could
have been assigned to this vessel while
it existed on paper.
On the edge of the Oriental quar
ter in this city is a modest, old-fash
ioned gable-ended house, wherein is
domiciled a club, so-called, of Japan
ese youths who are studying the lan
guage and customs and some of the
means of livelihood among us Occi
dentals. In pursuit of "Western knowl
edge the daily newspapers have been
generously utilized by these ambitious
youngsters from Nippon.
For a long time one of their bright
fellow countrymen has been earning
a small fee by reading to classes of
young Japanese from the American
press and translating for the benefit of
his less fortunate listeners, who have
not yet mastered the English.
Since the outbreak of hostilities the
classes have increased and many boys
and young men have flocked to hear
the daily news from the East. The
little reader could see visions of much
increase to his Income by the demand
for his translations, but here the in
nate patriotism of the Japanese
cropped up. He would not seize the
splendid commercial advantage to be
gained and compel tribute from his
int'-sely concerned fellows. Not he.
Instead .the translator gave notice that
while the war lasted his services would
be gratis in dispensing war news to all
who could be accommodated in the
dingy clubhouse. And of such is the
kingdom of Japan!
His War Rates.
the acme .of the efforts made in this direction at the Uni
versity of California. It was in the summer of 1900
that the first attempt was made by President Wheeler
to inaugurate a vacation school for the benefit of all
whose labors prevented a regular attendance upon the
university courses. The teaching, staff of that first school
was composed almost entirely of university professors.
The number of pupils was less than five ¦ hundred. At
the last vacation school of 1903 there were more than
a thousand pupils enrolled, many of them from large
Eastern universities. The faculty scarcely fell short in
point of numbers of that engaged in the similar insti
tution at Harvard. With the announcements. of teachers
secured for the coming session, the University of Cah
fornia^has placed a higher standard upon the educational
worth of its proposed summer courses than that ever
achieved by Harvard or any other American university.
The coming of such great lights in the world of knowl
edge, even though, their instruction will 'be -completed in
a short six weeks, carries with it a profound prestige for
our State university. It is safe to say that no such ag
gregation of master intellects in the realms of thought
lias been gathered together at one time in the annals of
American culture. That such a gathering should be
brought about on the far rim of the continent, away from
the -centers of intellectual refinement and activity in the
East, is a significant earnest of what pur university is
doing for itself and for: the intellectual uplifting of the
Pacific Coast.
Prbfessor William Ramsay, the leading chemist, and
Professor James Ward, the acknowledged authority, upon
psychology, will represent the highest scientific thought
of England. From France and Belgium there are'eo'ming
to Berkeiey for the;summer session. Professor Hugo dc
Vfies, the botanist, and>Professor Sante Arrhenius, the
physicist. . Professor Jacques Lpeb, the biologist of in*-'
ternational note, who is now, a permanent;;member of
the university staff, will ; also; conduct laboratory courses
at ..'the summer session.
-The summer - school, which will be presided : over by
men of such reputation in the scholastic* world, wil^ mark
THROUGH;. the efforts of ' President Wheeler and
the heads of departments at the University of Cali
fornia the coming summer school at Berkeley is
to be distinctive in the educational activities of the coun
try. From the largest colleges of the East, the uni
versities of England and the great centers of learning
on the Continent there is coming a corps \ of teachers
such as no one institution of learning has possessed be-
THE UNIVERSITY SUMMER ' SCHOOL.
A street car conductor 'of Elizabeth; N. J., when ac
cused of bigamy frankly confessed that he had been mar
ried forty-seven times without submitting to the delay
inc process of a single divorce. How in the name of all
that is logical could the Mormons have missed this in
teresting! benedict? In a Utah environment what he
might have done would dazzle the imagination of a Turk.
The present situation greatly resembles that, and after
the campaign of this year it may go forward rapidly. In
making issues distinctive' and individual to itself, the ex*
isting Democracy is not successful. It has been weak
ened by expediency and opportunism.- It would probably
be in control of New York to-day but for Mr. Hill's plank
in the State platform favoring the expropriation of pri
vate property to Government ownership. He supposed
that the coal strike would popularize such a declaration,
but it did not, and his opportunism proved to be a sacri
fice of principle to expediency, made all in vain.
Mr. Gorman's reasons are plain. He represents organ
ized capital, and it has been behind him in the hope that
he could make an issue against President Roosevelt that
would be the instiument of his punishment for his en
forcement of the anti-trust laws. But this has been a
failure and the President remains, the representative of
anti-trust sentiment and of the optimism and progress of
the country. He is not making a campaign nor issues for
himself, but is doing his duty as he sees it regardless of
personal consequences. Senator Gorman, on the other
hand, sought to make issues for the benefit of .his ambi
tion and has failed. The people look upon these existing
issues of peace exactly as they have always looked upon
the issues of war. The administration represents the
building of the Panama canal and the enforcement of the
law equally, and while these issues are foremost in the
public mind the people will not swap horses while cross
ing the stream. ?.;;''
There is less partisanship in the country than for many
years, because the President has made himself the repre
sentative of great unpartisan issues in which the whole
people believe. It is interesting to observe that in the
canal matter he became the representative of a practical
ly unanimous Southern sentiment, while Mr. Gorman an
tagonized it. In regard to' the trusts, he represents the
whole country. . Why not let it go at that, and admit that
the public interests require that he carry out his plans
aligned with the interests of the country? That will be
the result, no matter what excursions Senator Gorman
may take among the prejudices of the people, in the at
tempt, to pipe them together in his support as a Presi
dential aspirant.
SENATOR GORMAN furnishes an example of judg
ment and astuteness gone astray, when touched
with ambition to be President. He had acquired a
great reputation as the safest and wisest tactician of his
party. He guided it through the breakers and over the
shoals of conllict with exceeding skill and courage, dur
ing his. former service in the Senate. When his State re
turned him, his appearance was hailed with great satis
faction and he was at once put in his old position as lead
er of the minority and chairman of its caucus.
He lost no time " in beginning to make politics, but
lie* was, consciously or unconsciously, making politics for
Gorman the Presidential aspirant, and not for the party
or the country. His first effort was to make a party is
sue against the Panama canal. At the time he did
this it was known that fifteen of his colleagues would
vote to ratify the treaty. Still he persisted, and was
driven at last to make an inglorious retreat, under cover
of some meaningless resolutions.
He then faced about and took up the development of
the navy as an issue, declaring it to be unnecessary, and
fa+'oring the diversion of the money -required to build
wagon roads at the expense of the Federal treasury.
Some of the minority in both houses followed him list
lessly. He made the issue at the moment when the death
of William C. Whitney led to a review of his illustrious
career, and brought out his capital service in re-creating
the navy. Still Mr. Gorman persisted until he is prac
tically isolated and his leadership is without vitality.
Senator Patterson of Colorado, who sought to secure
amendments to the naval appropriation bill, took care to
say that he believed in the development of the navy until
it was ahead of Germany and Russia, and next to Gfeat
Britain in fighting tonnage and offensive power. He de
clared that public sentiment would not in the future per
mit the navy to again fall behind that of any nation it
had passed. That is undoubtedly a correct reading of
public opinion, and. is another way of saying that Sena
tor Gorman is not in accord with that opinion, and his
party will not follow him. ' ' ¦ .
A review of the political situation as it is seems to
confirm jhe statement that a powerful element in the De
mocracy is seeking enlightenment upon the sentiment of
the people, only to discover that when they find what it
is, and try to follow it, they are led. directly toward the
Republican party. : This was the case in the Panama mat
ter and is true of the naval appropriation. Of course,
•from a partisan standpoint this is very disagreeable to
the minority, but it proves that the Republican party re
mains'the exponent of the hopes, aspirations and policies
of the people. No change is in sight, nor will there be
any until entirely new issues arise that run into both par
lies and either divide them, or destroy the weaker one to
build a new organization out of its fragments, as the Re
publican party was built on the ruins of Whiggery by
the hands of Democrats who followed Sumnef, Wilmot
and Giddings.,1, , - u < ¦ •
GORMAN ISOLATED.
"You used to nave a pretty good
opinion . of yourself.". .
. "Nr t since , I accidentally: overheard
soms of my dearest' neighbors^ talking
me over."— Cleveland Plain Dealer. '
I have chosen the above form of the
male tirst in; preference to those that
come after, because it is "the easiest
to sing. The' scale • seems to run of
itself in this exercise, and. if the pu
pi keeps his mind upon what he is
doing- there Is little chance of his go
ing wrons; in any way. « ,
The "inverted phrase" idea (men
tioned in a former lesson) can be car
ried out to good advantage in this ex
ercise, particularly in descending the
scale, for the pupil's impulse will be
to let the notes run away from him
when they once begin the descent. The
."imaginary Inversion," however, giv
ing the idea that each note is* leading
upward, while in reality it is leading
down, will act as an excellent steadier.
In ¦ practicing the pupil should ,- go
rtirht'-frora one key to . another; only,
stopping long enough to take breath at
«»ach change of key. In . descending"
the same rule should be observed. At
As- soon as the boy. has mastered
the exercise in the key of C he must
take it a half tone, higher, and as he
succeeds on each key in turn let him
raise the exercise, until the limit of
his voice is reached— that is. until he
has carried the exercise as 1 high as his
voice can easily go. Remember that
the voice must never be et: ..ined. The
child will not be expected to do any
pyrotechnics for years, and our aim
is to preserve the voice, not to maim
it for life. These exercises are de
signed Kim ply to teach the boy how
to manage- his voice when singing
unpretentious little song3 and to di
rect the ero'.\*th of his voice' along the
right channel, that is all.
As soon as the student has succeed
ed in singing the exercise as it should
be, according to the instrrctions al
ready given, he must accent only
on the first and eighth notes of
the group — -in other words, on middle
C and on D (above third space). The
impetus given him from the accent on
O must be enough to swing him up the
scale to the upper D. and. the accent
on D must be strong enough to send
him easily down to C again. /.„«..•-*
The pupil must sing the whole exer
t ze with one Breath, being careful to
make each note round and perfect in
Jtself. yet letting the tones run
Kmoothly - freely, relying on the ac
cent. "'• * • ; * " ¦
This is the longest exercise we have
yet given the pupil, and for that reason
he must be Very ' careful about the:
l.rexth. He must be careful to take
Just as much breath as be really needs,
end no more, for the exercise must go
on with no appreciable pause to the
end, and with no difference whatever
in tone. He must try to breathe as un
ostentatiously as possible, and it will
help him do this if he remembers for a
moment that he is breathing every mo
ment of his life, and that when not
tinging he never thinks of regarding*
breathing as labor or as anything ne
cessitating time. The breath comes and
goes of itself, and there is always
enough provided for our ordinary needs.
It will be so, too, in singing as soon as.
brain and body become used to the new
form of exercise. The pupil should re
alize this, and remember that overexer
tion is just as bad as underexertion,
whether in the matter of too much"
breath or anything else. >
Our next exercise is to be a regular
scale form. The pupil must start on
C (middle C) and continue straight
up the scale until he has compassed
en octave. Then, striking D. he sings
the descending scale, coming back to
middle C as the final note. The accent
Is most important in this exercise, as
it is in all forms of the scale. The first
note of each group of four is to be ac
cented, .and the final note. A, is to be
held. ,V
The accent should be carefully fol
lowed in this exercise, as on this liter
ally hangs the success of the whole ex
ercise. I say "hangs," because each
Group of four notes swings in the air
from the force of the accent given the
first note.
The pupil should begin singing on
middle C. taking next D, E and C again,
making the first group of four. .Next
tome D, E. F, D. then E. F, G, E, then
F, O, A, F. and so on gradually up the
scale until C (on the third space) is
reached. After .this the exercise begins
to descend, but In a different way. It
ttarts on E (fourth space), followed by
D. C, then E once more. After this D.
C, B, D, the** C, B. A, C. and so on
until the pupil at last finds his way
back to middle C
After the student has l.ecome familiar
with the triplet exercise in all keys
virhin his easy reach he must take an
other exercise, which I will now ex
plain. It is in groups of four notes, the
first note of which is to be accented.
1 do not advise starting other exer
cises as low as A. but the one in ques
tion runs fo high that the low notes
ere an advantage rather than a disad
vantage.
Before taking up anything new the
exercise in triplets given in the former
3 r -FEon must be practiced in other keys.
The pupil may occasionally start this
exercise as low as A (the A below mid
die C). unless by so doing his tones
lose quality. We do not wish to have
anything to do with so-called "chest
tones" at present, for when the "head
tones " are thoroughly placed the chest
tonf-s ttill come naturally, and th<i
abrupt change from head to ch'est be
avoided.
(Copyright, 1804, by- Joseph B. Bon-Ies.)
New York.)
<R>rj Writer. Formerly Director of Music In
tht Collate of Ft. John th« BapUist, < % *
BY AN'ICE TtRHUNE
Scale Exercises.
Next, when singing the second line,
he • should keep the remembrance of
the high note in his mind, although
the notes all go down the scale, to fin
ish out "the phrase. After this let him
eing the two lines first with the words,
and then without, several times, .until
he can sing the phrase in conjunction
with the words with perfection.
Before leaving this branch of the sub
ject I wish to say, a word or two more
about the pupil's enjoyment of the
"thinking high" method. I hope you
quite understand -how .he is to apply
it to song rendering. Take, for in
stance, the first line of the hymn men
tioned above— "There is a Happy
Land." Land is on the highest note
in this part of the tune; therefore he
must think of that note, as. he starts
singing the line. In this way he will
unconsciously lift and hold the voice
aloft, so to speak, so that- when he
finally reaches the '.higher note he will
take it as easily as if it were no higher"
than the first one. I have dwelt upon
this at considerable length before, but
it is one thing tb.be able to apply the
rule to exercises and another to apply
it to u song, while paying attention to
the words as . well. If the pupil has
any difficulty in doing this let him
sing the music without the words a
few times until he is able to keep, the
voice on the high plane that he should.
Be careful that he does not, the mo
ment he finds himself on familiar
ground (that is, singing something that
he knows), lapse back into all his for
mer careless and unintelligent ways of
singing. Insist that he observe all the
rules of breathing, tone placing, and
so fcrrth, here, Just as he does the ex
ercises. • •
It will be a good thing to have him
try an exercise pr two first, always be
fore beginning his song practice- This
will put voice and mind in a properly
receptive state.
In singing this hymn (or a kinder
garten song, as the case may be) he
must, as soon as he learns the actual
notes, think ahead toward the higher
notes always, in order to keep his voice
from falling or • becoming heavy. In
saying this I am speaking only* of the
children who are inclined to wander
from the key when not under guidance.
There are children, I am happy, to say.
who sing perfectly in tune always.
Whether or no the child clings nat
urally In tune, however, he should al
ways be taught to listen to his own
tones while practicing; whether in the
case of song or exercise. In fact, the
song must be regarded as an exercise
until the boy knows Just exactly how
to Ring it. ¦;.;;¦
When the child has learned two lines
of this he has learned four. When he
has mastered the fifth and sixth lines,
he has learned the whole tune, for the
last line is Just like -the second and
fourth lines. ;1^ -
This is known to us all and, while
there is much repetition in it, it is
sweet from start to finish and the mel
ody is one that children love always.
Play the song over to the child a
few times, singing the voice part your
self. Then let him try it with you
once or twice, as a whole. Then read
the words to him,- so that he may
gather the full meaning of the song. - ;
Now take the first phrase and, let
ting hint try -it, alone, see what he is
able to make of it.
For this first song study be sure to
pick out something that is very simple
in construction and something that has
considerable repetition in it if possible.
Take, for instance, that sweet, familiar
little hymn:
There Is a Happy Land,
>*«r. far away:
Where saints In glory -stand.
Bright, bright as day.
There is nothing prettier to be found
In the way of children's songs, I think,
than those in the kindergarten collec
tions, which can be purchased at any
reliable music store. These songs are
purposely written within the compass
of the ordinary child's voice and the
words as'a rule are admirably suited
to the child's understanding.
Now, taking the ground that the
pupil has reached the point where he
breathes naturally and well, starts the
tone In the right place without having
to be told and knows how to manage
the tone according to our simple rules
when once it is actually out, he- is
ready to learn a little song.
The next scale exercise is very like
the one already priven, except that it
does not carry the voice to upper D.
It runs up the octave, as did the first
exercise, but uses B (next below third
space) for the top note of the descend
ing scale, and goes down to the B be
low middle C before finally ending on
middle C. It is considerably harder
to sing this exercise well than the one
before it, for the latter scale is not
quite so conducive to free action as is
the first one. It is, however,»a valu
able exercise, and one that should be
practiced as much as the first, in spite
of the fact that the pupil must watch
or rather listen to every note with re
doubled care. Let him call in the aid
of the "inverted -phrase" as much as
possible, for he will need it here, even
more than in the last exercise.
• Now we will take one more exercise,
after which we will be through with
scales. In this the student must start
on C as usual, but must hold it one
beat, thus making a quarter note of
it. By this means the ascending meas
ure ends on B, while C (third space)
starts the descending scale.
It will be well for the student to
change from one to another — for in
stance, practice the first scale exer
cise on one day, the second on the
next and the third on the next, after
which he should begin on the first
again, and so on. It would not be well
for him to practice all three exercises
in one day. in conjunction with the
other exercises I have given. In the
first place there would not be time, for
in order to practice them all he would
be obliged to slight some of the exer
cises, which would/ of course, defeat
at the outset the end he has in view.
each beginning, each change of key.
ihe pupil's voice should be perfectly
fresh and flexible. If It Is not so he
laay be sure that something: is wrong:
either in his way of taking the note or
!n his manner of finishing the note just
sung.
THE , SAN FRANCISCO. CALL', WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1904.
THE SAN FR AN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . . . . .... Address AU Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office '..'..: '. <^^^^^ > * * Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY ;.....:........'........'. • • • • •'• MARCH 9. i9°4
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESInvoluntary Bankrupt.
Brown Brothers, the Sierra Lumber
Company and other creditors of A. G.
McKerlie, a merchant of Woodland,
petitioned the United States District
Court yesterday to- have him ad
judged a bankrupt. They allege that
on March 6 of thls>year McKerlie ad
mitted in writing that he was unable
to pay his debts. •<•
Trustees Elected.
At the annual meeting of the Cali
fornia State Bible Society the follow
ing persons were elected trustees for
the ensuing year: Annis Merrill, Ed
ward P. Flint, William Abbott, C. S.
Wright, D. Gilbert Dexter, T. C.
Johnstone, John Thompson, Benjamin
Homaine and R. E. Xunn.
Lletitcnr.nt Fecliteler Transferred.
Lieutenant Commander A. F. Fech
teler has been assigned to an impor
tant position in the office of the Sec
retary of the Navy for his next two
years of duty, and left last Saturday
for Washington. Mrs. Fechteler, a
daughter of Judge W. W. Morrow of
this ciiy, and their four children ac
companied him. They will reside at
Chevy Chase.
John Dowd, a longshoreman, re
siding with his wife at 235 Harriet
street, was instantly killed yesterday
morning while going up the back
stairs of his home. He missed . his
footing and fell backward over the
banister to the ground,, a distance of
twenty feet, breaking his neck. He
was under the Influence of liquor at
the time.
John l>o\vil's Neck Broken.
A revolution had been wrought In the dairy
industry "of the State by the utilization of
large areas for alfalfa and by the discovery
that cream could be separated from milk by
mechanical means, and that the fat content
of milk could be determined by a simple oper
ation, part chemical and part mechanical. The
dairy output of the State Increased $2,212,599
in 1S03 as compared with. 1902. Counties that
produced 1,000.000 pounds of butter or more
in 1902-3 were~ a* follows: Humboidt, 3,035,-
Tvi; Marin. 3.922.318; Sonoma. 2.&4O.4S9: Loa
Angeles. l,tKHt,438; ban Luis Obtspo, 1.369. 1S6;
M ANT INDUSTRIES.
Wine exports were reported to have doubled
since 1691. The total tons of wine shipped by
rail from Ban Francisco last year were 50,
602.7. or 5060.3 carloads; of brandy. 3473.2
tons, or 317.3 carloads; and of wl.no and brandy
not segregated the shipments were 8120.7 tons,
or £12 carloads. The total carloads of wine
shipped from Southern California by rail were
1»4 5; of wine and brandy not segregated. 141.3.
The shipments of wine by «ea last year amount
ed to 3118-0 carload! and of brandy S3.2.
There were shipped In 1903 from Northern
and Central California 2246 carloads of oranges,
a gain of 5U8 carloads as compared with 1&O2.
The oranges of Northern and Central Callfor
r.ia. rlpenlcg * month earlier than those of
Southern California, were largely consumed in
the Ptate. Orange tree planting In Northern
and Central California was reported to be rap-
Idly progmrlns. _,— .¦
l'ractic.Vly all the fresh deciduous fruit was
shipped from Northern and Central California.
The shipments of fruit by sea from San Fran.
Cisco amounted to 42,637.5 tons.
In K<t>.'J the shipments of fruits, \tfne, brandy
and vcjtitables out of the State by rail amount
ed to S-S.CM carloads. There was a net (jaln in
1JKB of 10,646 carloads, as compared with
1902. of which 73J»5 carloads were citrus fruits.
Vegetable* made a sain of 1TU5 carloads; wine
and brandy. MJ>: canned fruits. 1350; preen de
< lduous fruits. 3V». .Dried fruits, raisins and
nuta show a falling off in shipment. The fore
going figures all represent carloads. If the
fruit products had all turned out In 1003 as
th*»y do normally the shipments would have
reached 100.000 carloads of ten tons each.
NORTHERN ORANGES.
The State, since the last census' year, has
added, on the basis of reliable computations.
270,581 to its population, or nearly as many as
were added during the decade endinz in 1900.
The present population cannot b« far from
1.700.000.
The report was made long and com
prehensive in view of the valuable use
to which it may be put at St. Louis
during the exposition. It Included maps
and illustrations setting forth locali
ties and products. The following strik
ing facts stood out conspicuously:
Very striking figures were Included
in the annual report of President Chip
man. Not less than 800,000 non-resi
dents o-f this State, he said, have vis
ited the exhibition hall of the board
during the last fifteen years, and there
are now 10,000 visitors going in and out
of the hall monthly. It was of high
value to the State that such an exhi
bition existed in the midst of Califor
nia's chief city, to which visitors might
be directed for information and from
which exhibits could be withdrawn
temporarily for use elsewhere.
VALUABLE STATISTICS.
Manager Briggs submitted an annual
report which showed that the board
has a balance of more than $1000 on
hand.
At the annual meeting of the Cali
fornia State Board of Trade, which was
held yesterday. General N. P. Chip
man. the president of the board, sub
mitted his annual 'report. This was
filled with interesting matter relative
to the. growth of California industries
in the last year and with other mat
ters cf public concern.
The annual election of officers added
to the board of directors to fill vacan
cies three prominent men of business.
The new directors are H. D. Loveland,
manager of the Pacific Traffic and
Commercial Association; William Haas,
director of the Associated Wholesale
Grocers' Association, and S. F. Booth,
general agent of the Union Pacific Rail
way Company.
Officers elected were as follows:
President, N. P. Chipman; vice presi
dent. J. S. Emery; first vice president
and manager, Arthur R. Briggs; sec
retary, L. M. Fletcher; assistant sec
retary. George A. Dennison. The other
directors were re-elected, with the addi
tions mentioned. ::-'.>'¦¦•
Statistics were supplied concerning
cereals, hops, tobacco, livestock, sheep
and wool, swine, minerals, lumber, fish,
climate and rainfall, and many facts
were given concerning: transportation,
banks, land values, labor, cost of liv
ing, etc., and the demand for labor. Ad
vice was also given to homeseekers that
was practical.
President Chipman . gave figures
about cheese and other products of the
dairy, showing that the total output
of all dairy products for the season
of 1902-03 represented a value of $20,
436.152. The b^et sugar industry was
treated statistically. The vegetables
shipped by rail in 1903 amounted to
44,186 tons green and 5273 tons canned
from Northern California and 30.331
tons from Southern California. In ad
dition more than 8000 tons of vege
tables were shipped by sea from San
Francisco.
Sacramento. 1,341. SOT; Kresno. 1.203.15S; Stan
islaus. 1.162,591; Tulare. 1.000. 44 s.
The gain over the precedlnK season in dairy
pruUucts Vas found almost entirely In Pouth-
Tn California and in the San Jcaqirtn and Sac
ramento valleys, and e*p«cla!ly In districts
where farmers had taken to dairyii>g recently
in Jrrigat"! crcunu and "where King Alfalfa
holds his ccurt."
PROMINENT BUSi:. J3 MEN" WHO HAVE BEEN ELECTED DIREC
TORS OF THE CALIFORNIA S~\TE BOARD OF TRADE AND WHO
HAVE CONSENTED TO SEIV E. . . ,-; ; ..| Jsatff-rfSS
Grunsky declined to make public any
of the details of the reports- until .they
are formally filed with the Board of
Public Works to-day. The report on
the Santa Fe franchise is similar in
tenor to theone on the Southern "Pacific
franchise recently granted so far as
the construction work is concerned.
The City Engineer favors the con
struction of a central salt water sys
tem, with intermediate stations for the
pumping of the fluid, which Is to be
used not only to extinguish fires, but
also to sprinkle the stre'ets and flush
the sewers.
The most important work outlined by
the City Engineer includes the . con
struction of an extension of the Sixth
street sewer from Tehama to Brannan
street at an estimated cost of -555,000.
Another proposed important improve
ment is the construction of a bitumin
ous rock pavement along H street from
First to .Twentieth avenue, and the
macadamizing of the street from Twen
tieth avenue to the Great Highway at
a total estimated cost of $80,300, to
gether with the construction, of artifi
cial stone sidewalks from Stanyan
street to Eleventh avenue at an addi
tional cost of $26,175.
The report also provides for the con
struction of a sewer at. Buena Vista
avenue, and thoroughfares fronting on
Lobos and other public squares,
i City Engineer Grunsky yesterday
completed two reports on plans for an
auxiliary municipal salt water system
to insure better fire protection and on
the petition of the Santa Fe Railway
system for a franchise to maintain a
steam road along Indiana, Mariposa,
Seventh, Sixteenth and other streets.
The reports will be filed with the Board
of Pul/llc Works for transmlttal to the
Board of Supervisors.
The report on the Santa Fe franchise
was delayed, as Grunsky desired to as
certain if anvthing definite would- be
done in the matter of the proposed
widening of Sixteenth street to the
water front. The Southern Pacific Com
pany agreed to donate land for a dis
tance of several blocks to increase the
width of the thoroughfare, but no steps
have so far b-*n taken to widen the re
mainder of the thoroughfare.
The City Engineer decided that he
would wait no longer, as he wished to
file his two final reports on the fran
chise application and the salt water
system before he retired from office,' his
resignation being now In the hands of
the Board of Public Works," Grunsky
having asked that it take effect yester
day.
City Engineer Grunsky yesterday
filed a report with the Board of Public
Works in which he recommends that
the city expend the sum of $378,810 on
street and sewer work during the next
fiscal year. The segregated items of the
recommendation follow:
Construction of sewers, ?G7,"« r »0: work in
front of city property. ?10fl,423: culverts,
T310O; repaving of utreets, J113.735; rights or
way for setws,; $23,000; total, $378,810.
Then General Manager Hays blunt
ly told the shareholders that if they
did not accept the Canadian offer
other influences would and that with
out a transcontinental extension the
future of the Grand Trunk would be
gloomy in' the extreme. Hays pre
dicted a great future for the road,
which would be able to hold its own.
in competition with the existing • sys
tems in Canada and the United States.
After over two and a half hours'
discussion Allen's amendment was de
feated and the agreement was draft
ed. The semi-annual accounts were
passed, but not without criticism of
the increased expenditures," which the
president said were justified on ac
count of the larger traffic, severe
weather and higher prices.
The president, in reply to cries of
"adjourn," explained that the Cana
dian Parliament, at its meeting on
March 10, must have an answer one
way or the other. Vice President
Smlthers attributed some of the crit
icism to rival railroads.
Sir Charles Rivera Wil3on, presi
dent'of the company, said the new
line was justified by the -flow of'pop
ulation from East to West and the
increasing immigration into the Unit
ed States. The Grand Trunk could
not hope to receive such generous
treatment from the Canadian Govern
ment as the. Canadian Pacific Rail
way, but the Premier, Sir Wilfrid
Laurler, had acted absolutely fairly,
in spite of violent political opposition,
with the object of attaining addition
al facilities for the development of
Canada. The president characterized
the deposit demanded by the Cana
dian Government in conection with
the agreement as an "extremely un
necessary and unreasonable demand."
Then, one after another, sharehold
ers representing blocks of 50,000 and
more shares rose and declared they
had not had sufficient time to consid
er such a huge enterprise.
An amendment was proposed by
George Allen, who had resigned his
seat irr the directorate # on account of
the matter under discussion, in which
he declared the intended action would
ruin the Grand Trunk Railroad.
Several large shareholders with
drew their proxies and placed them
in the hands of the directors.
LONDON, March. 8. — The Grand
Trunk Railroad shareholders at :* a
meeting to-day ratified* the agreement
with the Canad'an Government for
the construction of a Grand Trunk
line to the Pacific Coast. The decision
was reached only after a prolonged
discussion. The meeting was packed
and at one stage of the proceedings
the tone was unmistakably hostile to
embarking on so huge an enterprise.
General Manager Hays, who had
come from Canada especially to at
tend the meeting, saved the situation
and when the final vote was taken
there were only, a few opponents to
the Grand Trunk Railroad undertak
ing to build a transcontinental road.
f.re god
z height of Tftfii feet, and as it, gambols
ncair.M the background of pumice
< rusted Tarawera, often capped with
snow, the scene is one of inspiring
jrrar.deur. It is or: such an occasion
:hat the tourist listens with special in-
T«rest to the Maori explanation of the
<-rupt!ons. the response of Rua-aw-
Moko. the god of the volcanoes, who
first Ht them to warm himself while
•-• aiting to take vengeance on a land
pritbbing Tohunga, and- whose ene
rr.'es have ever sirce been periodically
puslshed for current transgressions by
upheavals from the shrine of the irate
srd in order to secure some uncommon
rrapshots. rushed to a point where,
with ihcir unwilling guides, they were
overwhelmed without warning and per
ished within sight of their distracted
mother, who stood watching and wait
ing «m the heights above.
The fn-?t views of this wonderful
geyser can be seen from points of per
fect safety, and the Government ha»
< arefuKy marked and shut off the area
¦>f danper. On the day of a big "shot'*'
at this jreyser the steam often rises t»»
nature lie- but a few miles from Wat
rru*n£Oi, the greatest geyser on earth,
¦•fird in it* surroundings and gro
tenQuely uhimsical in its eruptions, of
vh.ich the eldest Maori and the most
• v per:erced suide can give no definite
;dea. dajs the displays are light
and foamy and or moderate height,
';i?;.-thlng from fifty to a hundred feet,
of frequent occurrence, regular dura
tion and without noise.
Xhtn there are days when the sur
face of this Waimangu crater, which
<-overs close to. an acre, takes on a
suise of misleading placidity and is so
free from motion or steam that a pass
ing observer might well scoff at the
°<'ft-told tales^of its uncanny vagaries.
These peculiar phases generally pre
cede terms of great, and it must be
admitted normal, violence, when the
monster explodes with a terrific noise
and . to heights as great as 2009 feet
belches aloft black water, mud and
stones, sometimes directly perpendicu
lar and sometimes spreading as far as
•W vards from the crater's ragged lips.
The new geyser is not only a near
reighbor, but a dirtinet prototype of
the srrand Waimangu, which only a
fc-w months ago was the scene of a
distressing tragedy.
Two girls nged 19 and 20 years,
cood looking, happy and gifted with
c^n^rous wealth, were with their
mother visitors to Waimangu. They
had traveled through a considerable
section of the thermal belt, had been
i">ved in Maori-manned boats across
' he boiling lake of Ilotomahana and
had traversed devastated Tarawera,
wearing on its desolate face the awful
ravages of the disastrous eruption in
l^se. Kxcited by all they had seen,
fascinated and reckless by the ease and
apparent safety of all excursions, they
disregarded the advice of their guid-s
idrnire an innocent-looking little la
giMn surrounded by gently sloping
l .ankF of tenfler verdure. What a
rhanpe In a few brief moments — an
Areadiaa scene transformed to one of
w£ird eruptive activity over which
feathery clouds were replaced by dense
masses of smoke and steam ever
cbansfac in tone and form!
Attention was first drawn to this
new-born wonder by a salvo of earth
'juakes, more than thirty shocks In
rifteen minutes — nature's royal salute
i<» the young recruit of geyser land.
This iat c ". addition to the wonders of
The latest scientific budget from New
Zealand brings details of the brand
new geyser that sprang Into existence
there .without warning and was first
ooticpd 5n fantastic activity on a spot
where he lr.st passerby, a. pedestrian
f a few hours bffore, had stopped to
Gives Data on Salt Water
System and Santa Fe Ap
plication for Franchise
Timid Holders of Shares
Finally Weaken and Ratify
the Canadian Agreement
Ku^li Too Close to Treacher
ous Waimangu to Take
Pictures and Are Caught
OPPOSITION- DEFEATED
TO FILE TWO REPORTS
SAD FATE OF TWO GIRLS
City Engineer Recommends
That City Expend Sum of
i$>78,810 on Improvements
Stockholders in Railroad
Compaq Favor Building'
of Xew Eoad to Tliia Coast
Another Wonder of Nature
Is Added to the3ranyScenic
Marvels of New Zealand
Tells of the Shipment of More Than 88,000 Full
Carloads of Products oi Farms in One Season.
State Board of Trade Strengthens Directorate
FAVORS MUCH
STREET WORK
GRIND TRUNK
LINE ASSURED
GEYSER LOOSED
BY EARTHQUAKE
CHIPMAN MAKES ANNUAL REPORT
UPON CALIFORNIA INDUSTRIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1904.
9
FOSTUJM CEREAL.
"DOETH GOOD"
And Addctli No Sorrow.
"I f>m an old lady and had used cof-
fee all my life until a year ago, then I
found a drink 'that doeth good and
addeth no sorrow.'
'"For many years I had been
troubled with constipation and stom-
ach trouble, sleeplessness and various
oth«»r ills. and. although I had been
constantly treated, I got almost no re-
lief.
"I have always been a great worker,
with many cares, and often in the
morning: I would feel unequal to my
daily tasks. J?o I would drink a good,
stiff cup of coffee, of which I was very
fond, and then for two or three hours
afterward I would fee! so smart and
buoyant and keyed up to such a high
note that I could undertake most any-
thing. But along about 11 o'clock the
reaction would begin and leave me
stranded on a lounge until dinner time.
Then I would get a cup of tea to tide
me over the afternoon. So it went on
for a number of years and the great
•vonder is that I did not collapse alto-
fr^ther. I mu*t have' had a good con-
stitution. Every month I got a little
worse.
"At last and with great reluctance I
was forced to the conclusion . that it
was coffee that waa the chief cause of
my many troubles. So I looked the
matter up carefully, quit the coffee
and began the use of delicious Pos-
tum; the wisdom of this change was
soon shown in a material improvement
in my health.
"Since I have been using Postum I
do not have that unnatural elation and
f onsequent reaction and the craving
for the stimulant has left me, I am
now strong and steady all of the time.
Name given by Postum Co., Battle
Creek, Mich.
Look in each package for the fam-
ous little book, "The Road to Well-
vUle.-
* A3iIUSEME2UTS.
TYRTcnHALL^
HOMER DAVENPORT
WILL GIVE "TALKS" '
To-IUoflw Night and Sitorday
AFTERiNOON ON
"THE POWER OF A CARTOON"
Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'e.
THIS MORNING . . v . SOc, 75c and $1.00
On "NEW ZEALAND"
By KA.TE JAZTZSC2
Mon. Night, Mar. 14 ;- VTe4. Night. Mar. 1«;
FrI. Mat. and Night. Mar. IS.
COLORED VIEWS AND MOTION PICTURES ;
Seats at Sherman. Clay * Co.'s This Morn- ]
inc. ?1.0O. ".V: ««.nti 50c. Children. ne*t Seats]
et Mstlnee. SOc j
SEATS HAROLD BAUER'S RETURN
NEXT TUESDAY NGHT and
WED SBSiMY AFTER OON
READT AT SHERMAN. CI.AY * CO.'S .
TO-MORROV,' MORNING.
rOPCLAR PRICES.
Entirely New Programm s.
NEXT srXDAY ArTERXOOX, KOPTA POP.
Racing .'^^^BacinT!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
* Racing Each Week Day. Rain or Shlna. '
Six or Mora Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. rharp.
For special trains stopplns at . the track tak«
S. p. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12;JU.
1:00. l;30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two
cars- which are reserved for. ladies and their
pscorts.-' s£, . ¦•"'-. ".
Returning trains leave track at .4:10 and
4:45 ard Immediately after th* last race.
TUOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
PfliarP -D0NT. FAIL TO
> 1 aiaWV, 8ee the beautiful
• :x^i- COURT Lounging
Afifl room, the EMPIRE
tt"* 1 PARLOR , the
r> 3 PALM ROOM, tho
linilifl LOUIS XV PAR.
M lttI111 LOR, and the LA-
Vo x 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
PRAGERS. ./ ;
I Most, Sensational Sole of Men's
I Shirts Ever Conducted in the West
I A Carload of "Cluett" and "Monarch"
| * Brands Bought for This Great, Event.
H "All are extraordinary values
II and made in the newest pat- >S&V 083$
|j terns and styles with the 5. veil- kTjm l!"*^
f| est and most popular colors J&ggL CcntS
U and mixtures. In the lot are . Sgylk t
a many coat shirts with and ||1 III • Jg& l?a***h
H without cuffs attached, pleated \EQpxBbr %^ffiy J-*ClCn
B bosom, open front and back,
H and dozens of other styles. g^ g^ C#V
H They cannot be bought in any mV^^ \P «OU
j§ • other San Francisco store for _*J jl^LJM ti» i6 =
| less than 53.00, $2^0, $2.00 and m^^ m *T ~^-. f
B $1JJO. We are selling them for
1 if* AL>VAYS RELIABLE ! ii
I The Policy of This Store Has Not Changed. r"
I The Usual Courtesies Will Continne.
i Q ensure a comfortable trip to £j
I iil^iM Golden state I
B \ \. Southern route — by way ||
n °* ei pm °* 5 * * Uni y
£j \ where wiarcr is unknown. £l
• B itn^ I \ No high altitude*, and urn L4
M fl I \ Leaves San Francisco, a fl
H I - | \ Santa Barbara and Let • W
H I 1 \ Angeles daily, December *J 0
ra X'l^P 1 \r^uf to -April 19 for Topeka,
I I I ft I ii^)i<tiJWtn Kansas City and Chicago. M
H I I " * gjS^R^&RjSHnfk * Tickets, berths and liter. vj
II "> Southern Pacific ticket £j
1 MilLiSySleJ C A * Ru . Tr / ERF0RD t 0
n /^SvSll^lM, Dteict Purcngsr Ag;nt f S
yj j^S^/rjidjuMB €23 Market St., San Francisco, CiL O
AMUSEMENTS.
A BIG, NEW.SHOW!
Barrows- Lancaster Company: Poet-
tlngi'r's Swedish Ladles' Qnintet:
Ferguson and Mack; GHlo's Artesto;
Lowe-lluslies Duo; Nirvana and
Her Statue Horse "Lokl": Carlln
and Otto; Al Anderson and Bill
: Brlgrgs, and Orpheum Motion Pic-
tares.
Regular Matinees every Wednesday. Thur*-
«!ay, Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c. 23c
and COc.
SUCCESS. X^
¦111
A/^XX with
V/S T *\J COLLINS.
. w' The Sensational
Champasrne Dane*.
The Most Gorgeous Musical Comedy Production
Ever Se«n Here.
! Nightly, including Sunday— Saturday Matinee.
CALIFORNIA
f3 To-wiaar. Mfc.
DANIEL SULLY I
Presenting his latest success, M
THE CHIEF JUSTICE I
By FITZGERALD MURPHT. H
M ZTSXT WEEK, g
9 MR- SULLT in His Last Season'* |
i Ti ' Success, gj
[ j THE OLD MILL STREAM^ «
\jve. ".:'-~V~~i h^\/ib
(ALWAYS I IX.
i A true, funny, musical comedy
I That has a plct as is a plat.
THERJOUNDERS
Staged and acted perfectly.
Unanimous verdict that
RICHARD F. CARROLL and JOHN P.
KENNEDY
Are artist* par excellence.
'Comedy "iStars" in every sense.
I RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 2Sc. SOc and
I 75c Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23c and
i 5Cc: Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c
U/.T.HESa
Notary Public and Attorn ey-at-Law. y
Tenth Fluor, itoem Iui5, Claus Spreckeu bid*.
•Teleohone Main 983. -', -
Residence. 1SC2 McAIIUter at.
Residence Telephone Page S6iU
AMUSEMENTS.
Tl YOU 8553.
SECOND WEEK and Tr«men4ous Succem of
Jofaann Strauss' Masterpiece.
A Romantic Opera In Thr?«> Acts.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN ENGLISH OF
SIC. DOMENICO RUSSO
• The Favorite Tenor.
MAT1XKE SATURDAY.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
HEZT KB. PZCXWXCX
Usual Popular Prices 23c. JOc and T^s
Box Seats |1.0i>
ALCAZAR ""H"^'
f General Manager.
TO-KIOHT— Mats. Sat. and Sua.
Rownf*!4'» AJerry Comftfy of the Tyro!,
AT THE WHITE 5£
HORSE TAVERN I sss.
Eves.. 23c to ?3c. Mats.. Sat. &. Sun . 23c to 50o
NEXT MONDAT— WAGNER'S MUSIC PLAT.
PARSIFAL
Beautiful Effects — Orchestra of Twenty.
SALE NOW IN PROGRESS
8p"J Prices: Erpi.. 2.V to»i; Mats.. Me to 73c
No On« Seated at Parsifal After 9 p. m.
Market Street. Near Eighth, rhone Couth 6SX.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of the EverUstmr
Favorite of O:<1 and Touatr.
RIP VAN WINKLE
HE&SCBXX. KAYALL M MX*.
ftff Th- Beautiful CatskUU. ih« Storied
\ Is ¦¦ Hudson, the quaint Dutch Vll!ajt».
ilLL the Wonderful Cave, the Moun:a;a
w Elves, and a .Matchles* Play.
PBHTS EVENINGS 10c to 50c
nUVCj MATINEES 10c. 15c Srt
ST. PATRICK'S WEEK. MARCH 14.
— — -ggAjrre. o-BKnbc •*- —
RIC5 AND"BLMER,
KELLY AND VIOLETTE
.' _JUn> A GKEAT S20W—
Erery AXternooa and Srcatar ta tb«
Heated Ti eater.
SEE THE INTERESTING BABIES. IN THE
INFANT INCUBATORS.
ANIMALS rROM ALL CLIME3 IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MTSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c: children. 8c.
Wben Phoning. Aafc for "The Chutes.'*
The Weekly Can
61 per Year.
ADVEBTIBEMENTS.
«jf«^ The ver/ latest exclusive g
jaSf. designs in SOROSIS Boots |
~mm and Low Gut shoes are now |j
|5yf bein^shown by us. -^
III All styles, all leathers; $ 3. =jf
W Sorosis Shoe Parlor ROYAL SHOE m /%
1 2.6 POST ST. 50 THIRD ST. M
3^v SerH. for Latest Catalogue JwpKVanderbilt's Horse Is First.
. PARIS, March 8.— At "the Saint
Ouen . races to-day the Erix Barfleur
|was won by; William K.; Vanderbilt's*
Varlgo. ( "^._
Audience Is Disappointed.
The joint debate on socialism be
tween Rev. J. S. "Wilson and Rev. E.
E. Baker advertised to take place last
evening at the Alhambra Theater did
not occur, owing to the Inability of
the last named clergyman, who is in
I^os Angeles, to reach this city in time.
In, consequence of Dr. Baker's absence
Rev. Mr. Wilson addressed the large
gathering in the theater .'on the same
subject. " '¦*:,*'-""
First . race— Alice Carey. Pickaway,
Eirtle. '
Second race— HxUf ord, Anlrad, 'Whis
ker*. ; ...':.: - .,¦¦.,.','¦. "-¦-:¦;";¦
Tbird race— The Milt, . Arisbe, George
P. McNear. " \
Fourth race— Lord Melbourne, : Cr. W.
Trahern, Sailor Knot, .j
Fifth race* — Deooy, Poloniu«, Billy
Moore. ..,'¦• ... ,. ~--i',.. ' Vv- : -, -¦:;'_.
Sixth . race — Kainault, . Mlmo, Tint
PK0BABI.B V WINNERS.
John B. Gerino, who claims to be
a physician, was arrested yesterday
©n a warrant charging him with pet
ty larceny. The complaining witness
1b P. Syncopolls, 628 . Montgomery
street. He alleges that Gerfno visit
ed * his office on Monday and after
chatting for' a f -v minutes picked up
a bottle of medicine valued at $5,
which Syncopolis prepares. As Ger
ino was walking away 'with the med
icine Syncopolis asked him to j return
it. but Gerino replied that he was
going to see what was in it and car
ried it away with him. Gerino was
released on S20 cash ba
Wants to Analyze 3Icdicine.
Third race — Four and a half rurlonga; two
year-old«; purse: • ' ' _„
<S8»5)Arl2be (Napa Stock Farm) 10«
(0207) Inspector Hal?in (Schrelber) 107
5787 Henry Ach (Schreiber) 10«
(6253)Qeorge P. McNear (Stover) 115
C255 The Mist (Hammond) 104
U220 Eduardo (Barns & Waterhouse) .11"
6220 Salable (Blaslncame) 104
e030 Mtzpah (Bummers) .100
Fourth race — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; handicap:
6257 Modicum (Fountain) 104
C207 Veterano (Vivell) 100
6221 Joe Lesser (Beams) 102
0282 The r>on (Rowell) M
(6221)G W. Trahern (Qulnlan) ...... . . ... Id
(C2S2)Lord Melbourne (Bender & Co.) 101
(C271)Sallor Knot (Daly) .... 90 ;
Fifth racer-O ne mll«; four-year-olds and up- :
ward; selling: . :
C268 Billy Moor© (Rector) 10j
C281 Polonlus (Stewart & Co.) .108.-
C207 Outburst (McAleBter) ...10S
C269 •TheFretter (O'Rourke) 10:5
G244 Decoy (Miller) ..10.'i
62CG-Mattte Clark (Dayton) lCK!
(C2CS)Blackthorn (Finke) 10S
60C7 The Counsellor (Cotton) - 105
C233 Chickadee (McCafterty) ...lft"!
6210 Kickumbob (Wall & Co.) .105
C2Oa 'Cferllee • (Appleby) "US
6232 'Young Morello (Scharetg) 103
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; sellinsr '•
(l!25S)*Halnault (Thomas & Reavey) ........107
G&03 'Silurian (Lamasney Bros.) 09
(6244)»Ooyrohe (Coffey) •....-. : ... 95
6258 Mlmo (Sheridan) :..'... 101
(6130)*Flrst Ch!p (Fitzgerald) 105
K52- Ballroom Belle (Josephs) 9<>
61S5 'Muresca (Miller) ¦.......'...... 97
•Apprentice allowance. >;, . :*"¦ V,
Desi>oiident Bwause of Lack of Re
¦uunerative Employment, lie K«*
t»orts to the Use of. Gas.
After penciling a farewell note to
his brothers and his sister, Pierre Ja
«obs. a clerk, turned on the gas last
Monday night and lay down to die.
He was rooming at the house of Mrs.
T. Clocklee. 919 Geary street, and
had been despondent for several
¦weeks. The following is a copy of
the note:
f=AN FIIAXCISCO. March 7, 19M.
To M. E. Jacobs, care Heblor Bros.. 120 San.
come street, address unknewn; I-. X. Jacobs,
JC21 Fi Minors Ftre«t. or clerk Judge Dunne's
oourt; Mist M. Jarobs. <R2 Post street, book
keeper Western Union Telegraph Company,
Rti<l the family of the Fame:
All I have to say 1« pood-by. and may you
all be treated better than I hare been Jn tnla
wrrld.
Hoping you win forgive my last act. I am
your loving brother, . PIKRRE.
Jacobs had been without any re
munerative employment for a long
time, and his relatives think that he
was temporarily deranged when he
took his life. ' ,
The body was taken to the Morgue.
PIERRE JACOBS LOSES
HOPE AND ENDS LIFE
Charles D. Jeffries, manager of ' the
speed department of the Spokane State
Fair, will wield the- starter's flag. He
started all one season on the North Pa
cific Fair Association circuit and is a
competent official. .
The management of the races re
quests that all ponies which have not
been officially measured be taken to F.
J. Cardan's Crossways farm to-morrow
at . 11 o'clock, where the club official
.will certify as to their size. The . only
qualification required to start a pony
in the races is that it be not higher
than fourteen and a half hands and
that it be ridden, by a qualified gentle
man, rider. No entrance fee is exacted
and membership in the association ia
not required.
The Burlingame poloists who will
play in the international match on Sun
day are : '¦:. R. M. ¦ Tobin, W. S. Hobart,
Walter . McCreery and John Lawson.
The English team will be: Captain
Neil Haig/ Charles Gailand, F. J. Mack
ey and ' Captain Chaplin.
.Lawrence 'McCreery. T. 'A." Driscoil
and E. Ezra, three of the strongest
players, are kept out of the match by
Injuries. •¦
The officials of the California Polo
and Pony Racing Association anticipate
exciting sport at their forthcoming
meeting at Tanforan racecourse on Sat
urday and Monday. The entries for
the various races will close to-day with
Secretary Robert Leighton at 327 Mar
ket street. From the advance entry it
is apparent there will be some close
contests. Dr. E. J. Boeseke of Santa
Barbara has entered a number of new
ponies which have never started here.
Owing to the illness of Lawrence Mc-
Creery, who was fifteen pounds a bet
ter rider than any one seen in the sad
dle, recently at Del Monte, Walter Ho
bart will have to find a new rider for
his champion quarter horse, Silver Dick.
This will give the short distance races
a decidedly open look, especially as the
condition. of some of the horses has im
proved noticeably.
President Thomas H. Williams, who
has given material evidence of j his in
terest.in pony racing, has kindly con
sented to act as presiding judge. The
stewards of the meeting will be F. J.
Mackey, Charles Butters and Charles
Raoul-Duval. /r-V /
Miniature Thoroughbreds
Are Wound Up for Coming
Meeting at Ta.nforan Track
The Park Commission, by A. B.
Spreckels, president, yesterday filed
with the Board of Supervisors the es
timated cost for the maintenance and
construction of Golden Gate. Park and
the public parks and squares during
the next fiscal year.
The commission asks for a total of
$545,000, of which $200,500 'is for
maintenance, $57,500 for improve
ments on city parks and $287,500 for
new construction. Among the im
provements designed by the commis
sion are the following: .
Constructing athletic- grounds, $40,
000; drive around new lake, $2500;
aquarium, $100,000; extension of wa
ter system, $15,000; construction of
grounds and meadows, $25,000; wid
ening drive along great highway,
$6000; constructing salt water bathing
pond, $30,000. Improvements are
also planned for Buena Vista, Alta,
Layfayette, Lobos, Franklin and
Hamilton squares.
Commission Plans' Many Improve
ments for the Beautifying of
Golden Gate Park.
PONY RACERS
IN CONDITION
FILES ESTIMATES FOR
JVLAINTEXAXCE OF SQUARES
The men have been employed in
railroad construction work and came
to the city Monday to spend some of
their hard-earned pay. They retired
together about 16 o'clock Mondaj"
niffht. The key of the pas jet was
very loose and after extinguishing: the
light the hand that turned off the flow
evidently touched the key and re
opened the vent. The men were dis
covered aJ 7:30 o'clock yesterday
morning by Jean Domcrgue, propri
etor of ihe lodging-house.
Two Italian laborers, Gentilo Cae
sari and Severi Banerigro, were found
unconscious from gas asphyxiation
?•arly yesterday morning' at 402
Broadway. They were taken to the
harbor hospital, and !ate in the af
ternoon the heroic efforts of Surgeon
Pinkham '.vere rewarded by Caesari'8
return to consciousness. Banerigo's
condition is serious.
Two Italian laborers Have Narrow
Ilscapc From Death Through
Accidental Inhalation of Ga*.
ASPHYXIATED AS TIIEY
SI^EEP IX IX>IK5IXG-HOrSE
OAKXAtlD BAOETBAOK— TUESDAY, March 8.— Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
0278. FIRST RACE — Six furlongs: selling; three-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWt St. "%. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.,
"6219|Box Elder (Hamilton stable). 107 3 ... 1 2^1 1^1 1U1 1 Sheehan .... M M-5
0231 IJack Little (W. P. Fine). 110 2 ... 4 2V-4 1 4 1$ o »; J. Daly ... •* 13 ;i»
6254 |Hogarth (P. J. Carmody) .... 107 7 ... 7 H 3 *4 2 !4 3 n Knapp I 2 "
8947 |C. Schweltxer (Blas'game Brs.)1102 S ... 2h-2h 3n 4 n Crosswaite . 4 li-i
C0U2 Inspector Munro (T. Fox) 110 H ... f. % 8 2 7 2 5 2% J. Martin ... 10 i«
540!» Resigned (A. W. Coffey) 105 4 ... 8 2 7 2 5 !U 4 Holbrook ... «-¦« »
619G The Jnw (R. Wilson) 10 1 .' 6 ... X n R h « V> 7 6 R. Wilson . 30 d"t
5.884 Forest Fire (J.- J. McCabe).. 107 0 ... » » 9 SS Everson .... 30 rfW
G21» - St.^Yusef (H. E. Rowell).... 102 1 ... «^H2 S2 9 Travera ... 1° -">
Time— ;26, :52*i, i:20V4. At post 1 minute. Oft at 2:20V*. Elder, place, 1; show, 1-2.
Little, place, 1; show, 1-2. Hogarth, show, 0-2. .Winner, b. g. by Ogden-Red Spinner.
Trained by J. C?ivens. Box Elder run up from $100 to |90U by J. J. Moran and sold.
Start good. Won in a hard drive of five. Sheehan on winner picked out the good going.
Daly'B handling of Jack Little was criticized, but he probably did his best. Schweitzer
'•A'ent _tjie overland. Resigned could have won with a stronger rider up. .
; e279. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner! IWt St. % . >/•• %• Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6220 Bob Ragon (Summers & Co.).. 106 3 ... ... 2 1 2 1^1 h J. Martin.. 3 13-5
6967 Bill Short (A. T, Dobson)..... 10.5 4 ... ... 1 % 1 n 2 1 T Butler... 3 3
«255 Edgpcllft (Burns «: Waterhse) 105 (J ... ... 3 h 4 2 3 Vi Bell -5-2 7-2
C243 Light of Day (Mrs. Coffey)".. 100 2 6 5 3 <i 4 2& Knapp .... -4 11-2
5751 Head Dance (El Primero Stbl) 100 5 - 4%54 55 IJuxton 4 13
6243 Calculate (Blaslngaroe Bros.). ' 0.<f 1 '...-... 6- 6 « Crosswalte 20. 10
Time— :26, :52. At post Vj minute. Off at 2:45Vi. Ragon, place, 9-10; show, 1-3. Short.
.place, C-r>; show, 1-2. . Edgecliff, show, 2-0. Winner, b. c. by Klsmet-Chatose. Trained
by G. Summers. Start good. Won easily. Next three driving hard. Bob Ragon im-
J proved a little. Martin could have won farther. Butler on Bill Short got into the deep
going in the stretch. Edpreclin; away poorly. Light of Day ran her race. Head Dance
ran 'a fair race and will do later. .".,,.' -•
62.30. ,< THIRD RACK— Futurity course: selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first.* $325.
Index I, Horse and Owner. Wt St. & . 14. %. Str. -Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
<6218) The Hawaiian. 3 (Figaro S.). 96 9 .... J-^8 2.2«l-« Travers ... 5-2 18-5
6242 Salto, S (D. S. Fountain) 80 6 ... 4 1%2 >V2 lJi Vanderbot - 3 ,4
; 62T>G F. Grandpa, 3 (Mrs. Coffey). 1)7 1 ... 73 4h In 82 Knapp :... 4. 5
6211 Sir Appleby, 3 (Ferguson)... 07 2 ... In 5>£'R3'4 4 Connell-... « 5
625C Dr. Sherman, 6 (M.L. White). 105 . r » . . . B h 6 3 4 1 5 6 Crosswaite 10 15
. M79 Zenonian, 3 (Martin & Co.).. 04 8 ... 2 •?; 1 n 0 2 8 2UT. Butler.. 10 8
' fll62 Kthel Abbott, 3 (Mrs. Miller). 05 7 ... 84 74 78 7 12 Sherwood . '4- «
4S01 Montezuma, 4 (Capps & Co.). 109 4 ... 6 1 8 18 2 8 2>4 Heavner .. 20 10<>
6218 Mendota, 3 (Napa Stk Farm). 87 3 ... 96 U6 05 94 G. Bullman 30 60
iJuros, 5 (O. P. Waters) 110 10 ... 10 10 10 10" Bell 30 50
Time — :26. :52. 1:15 Vi' At post % minutes. Off at 3:09^. Hawaiian, place, 6 : 5; «how,
3-5. Palto, place, 2; show, 1. Grandpa, show, 1. Winner, ch. g.^ by Figaro-Queen
' Kaplolina. Trained by J. Lodge. - Scratched— Sterling Towers. . Start good. Won handi
ly. Next two driving. A vigorous rid* landed the winner. Salto ran his race.
Foxy Grandpa requires a strong rider. Sir Appleby is wind broken. Zenonian can do
better on a fast track. Others no account.
O2S1. FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %• %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6245 Fllle d'Or. a (G. D. Kenyon). 97 2 111 1^1 3 1 1%1 4 C. Smith... 6 6
(6210) Possart, 6 (J. E. Case) 11.1 C 4 *; 3 >£ 4 3 2V>2«4 Spencer 2-2
6233 Mr. Dingle. 4 (E. Tlerney).;. 107 7 6 2 4 % 3 n 4 H 3 2J4 Buxton 5-2 9-2
6235 Boutonniere, 4 (F. Jones). ... 104 5 63 2n2h'3ii 43 Travers ... 10 15
«257 The Way. 5 (R. H. Clark).. 105 1.3 1 55 58 58 6 12 Bell 15 25
6233 Prince Blazes, a (Baird & Co.) 108 8 8 8 8 6 2 6 4 J. T. Shehn 8 0-2
6035 Nilgar. a (S. A. Leiser) 101 3 2 l',4« 2 78 8 7 8 .1 Jones.... 30 100
6074 Arthur Ray, 5 (Clayton & Co.) 113 4 7 1 7 8 6 1>47 8 8 Bullman ... 8 10
«161 Polonlus. 4 (Stewart & Co.).. 110 I*ft . J. Daly | 6 0
Tirr.e— :26. :C2*;, 1:20, 1:47%. 1:53%. ' At post V, minute. Off at 3:33. Fllle d'Or. place.
2; show, .1. Possart, place, 4-5: show, 2-5. Dingle, show, 4-5. Winner, br. m. by Galen
.d'Or-Joana. Trained. by W. H. McNamea. Scratched— Montana Peeress, Expedient.
¦ Start bad. ' Won rldden^out. Next two driving. Winner best. Spencer on Posaart rode
wide., but was In the beat going. Mr. Dingle did fairly well. ¦ Boutonniere had some
.speed _to-jay_. _ _PrInce^ fg^ J^flPJ*" 8 . J*e**Jelt- Arthur Ray ran a bad race.
6292. FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $400.
; ! ;
Index! Horse and Owner. ' |WtlSt. U. Vt. %. Str. Fin. ! Jockey. I Op. Cl.
6185 L. Melbourne. 4 (Bender & Co.) 103 4 4 h 5 1-641 1 % Oliphant .. 9-2 7
6185 Nlgrrtte^.4 (W. B. Jennings). 96 1 2h2%ln 1 iy.2 IV- Knapp 6-2 18-5
; 6165 Kenilworth, 6 (H. Stover) 121 2 1 Vi 1 n 2 2 2 .% 3 2% See 6-2 14-5
6246 The Don, 4 (H. E. Rowell) 96 06 6 1^4 3 Travers ... 6 11-2
3SS5 Albula, 6 (Lamasney Bros.).. 105 3 3%4h C^Sn 5n Bonner 6 9
. 6246 Boufriere. 3 (Dayton &. Co.).. !H 5 B n 3 h :i 1; 6 6 J. Jones...] 9-2 4
Time — :25U. :5m, 1:18^, 1:25>4. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:00. Melbourne, place, 5-2;
6how, '6-6. Nigrette. place 6-5; show, 1-2. Kenilworth, show, 1-2. Winner, b. g. by
Prince of Monaco-Gondola. Trained by S. S. Bender. Scratched — Captain Forsee, Judge.
Esherin. Start good. Wen cleverly. Next two driving hard. There was plenty of pace
and Lord Melbourne caught. the leaders tired. Knapp on Xigrette used poor Judgment,
getting int» all 4he deep going possible. She was best. See on Kenilworth did not ride
¦-..a. very vigorous race. Albula not ready. Soufriere was all In at head of stretch.
<S2S3. SIXTH RACE — One mile and fifty yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. Y*. Vi. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(C259) Keynote, 6 (J. A. Kyle)...... 100 5 4 2}£1 h 1 1 In 1 1 - C. Smith..." 1 4^6
«223 Axmlnster. 5 (W. D. Randall) 105 1 2 h 3 n 2 2%2 3 2 7 J. Martin.. 3 5
6259 Byronerdale, 4 (J. M. Crane). 100 4 3 n 2 1%3 «i 3 n 3 3 Crosewaite 4 U
6255 Evea G, 5 (Mrs. Coffey) 95 3 5 C 6 5 4 n W. Daly... 6 8
6222 El PUoto, 6 (H. W. Hoag)... 104 2 1^45 45 43 6 Travera ... 4 8-2
Time— :26i-i. :52%, 1:19%. 1:47U, l:50>,i. At post % minute. Off at 4:23',4. Keynote
place, 9-20; show. out. Axminster. place. C-5; show, out. Byronerdale show 1-2
'Winner, b. g. by Chorister-Rapture. Trained by J. A. Kyle. Start good. Won easily'
Next two drivine. Winner best. Axmlnster made a good bid for it. Going did not
• «uit Byronerdale. Evea O acts sour. El Pilcto got mad and quit school early to-day.
LOS ANGELES, March 8.— Two out
of six favorites won at Ascot to-day,
the other races going to liberal priced
second and third choices. Belle Kinney
beat Barney Schreiber's good colt Pin
kerton in the two-year-old race in
handy fashion and ' thereby dealt the
talent a severe blow. Pinkerton was
well backed by the heavy bettors, while
Kinney was the choice of the public.
.Kinny led all the way and won by two
lengths, with Sea Air third.
Magic Flute took the first race, at
five furlongs. Negruscate was second
and the favorite, . Foncasta, third.
I Criss-Cross was a heavy favorite for
the third number, and won- easily from
Wager. James J. Corbett was third. ',
The fourth was a big success for the
talent. Bragg was played from the
opening to the close and won all the
way. Nitrate, the second choice, sulked
and was pulled up. Greenock finished
second, with John * McGurk a good
third.
Nervator was beaten a length in the
fifth race by Jim Hale. E. M. Brattain
being third. Hale was a strong second
choice in the betting.
In the last race on the card, at -one
mile, Buccleuth was a redhot favorite,
but wheeled as the barrier was sprung
and was left. Silver Fi?z won by a neck
from Ultruda. with J. V. Kirby third.
This race was "a big clean-up for the
books.
"Weather good, track fast.
f SUMMARY.
First race, five furlongs, purse— Maglo
Flute. 100 (Felcht), 7 to 2, won; Negrusca,
100 (Hildebrand), 3 to 1, second; Foncasta,
105 (Lewis), even, third. Time 1:0214. Belle
dama and Neerusca coupled. Eva D, Jerry
Flanl^an, Capitol, Evermore, Rlceful, Japa
lak, Annie Marie. Lady Usk and Carlisle also
ran.
Second race, two-year-olds, four furlongs,
purse — Belle Kinney, 112 (Mountain), 2 to 1.
won; Pinkerton, 121 (Boland), 4 to 5, sec
ond; Sea Air. 106 (Redfern), 12 to 1. third.
Time. :489i. El Otroe and El pottore also
ran.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Crisscross. 113 (Mountain). 8 to 5, won;
Wager, 112 (Felcht), 4 to 1, second; James J.
Corbett, 108 (Hildehrand), 4 to 1. third. Time,
1:23%. Autumn Time, Ural, Prancer, The
Covenanter. Mr., Robinson, Albert Enrlght and
Toto Gratlot. also ran.
Fourth race, one and an eighth mile?, handi
cap — Kragp. 110 (Hildebrand), 8 to 5. won;
Greenock, 103 (Mountain), 3 u. 1, second; John
McGurk, 95 (Booker), 8 . to 1, third. Time,
1:56. Nitrate also ran.
Fifth race, Slauson course, selling — Jim
Hale, 110 (Mountain), 13 to 6, won; Nervator.
104 (Hildebrand). 9 to 5, second: E. M.
Brattain, 114 (Redfern), 4 to 1, third. Time,
1:11. Eugenie B and Rag Tag also ran.
Sixth race, mile; selllne— Silver Fizz, 102
(Anderson). 10 to 1, won: Ultruda, 107 (Lew
is), 10 to 1, second: J. V. Klrby. 112 (Moun
tain), 8 to 1. third. Time, 1:43'£. Durbar,
Buccleuth and Rio Chlco also ran.
Xew Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS, March 8. — Summary
First race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Port Warden won. Yellow Hammer sec
ond, Colin George third. Time, 1:47 3-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Carl Kahler won.
Palmist second, Neither One third. Time,
1:13 4-6.
Third race, half mile — fitella Allen won.
Falbala second. Miss Galvle third. Time,
:40 2-5. -^
Fourth race, rlx and a half furlongs — Lew
Dorsey won. Vestry second, Morning Star third.
Time, 1:20 2-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs — New Mown Hay
won, Wreath of Ivy second, Klmobo third.
Time, 1:13.
Sixth race, one and a quarter miles — Tancred
won, Lou Woods second. Circus Girl j third.
Time, 2:08 3-5. •
JUMPS 'TJPOX SHOUIiDERS
f OF PASSING PEDESTRIAX
II. B. Hansen Is Arrested for . Vag
rancy After Sensational Attempt
to Escape.
H. B. . Hansen ¦ was arrested last
night by Patrolmen Stelzner and Mo
gan and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of vagrancy. James Brady,
watchman at the uncompleted Fair
mont Hotel on Nob HiU, noticed him
prowling about the building 1 near mid
night. Believing he was bent upon
stealing tools, Brady approached the
fellow and ordered him from the
premises. Instead of complying Han
sen made a lunge with an ugly look
ing knife in an attempt to disembowel
Brady and 'the latter hit his assailant
on the head With a rock.
The police were summoned, but
were at first unable to find Hanaen.
Stelzner and Mogan finally located
him hiding on the Sacramento-street
side of the building. Upon the ap
proach of the officers he jumped from
the bulkhead, landing on the should
ers of a passing pedestrian,. thirty feet
below. Hansen was treated at' the
Harbor Hospital for a badly sprained
ankle and then locked up.
Sliakespeareaii Rending.
Marshall Darrach gave another of
his interesting Shakespearean recitals
under the . auspices of the Channing
Auxiliary atSteinway HUH last night.
He, took' up .the tragedy of "Julius
Caesar" and carried it through in a
manner rarely attained in profes
sional Shakespearean readers. There
was no tendency to rant and; nothing
was overdone, .but with subtle skill he
told the story of the murder of Caesar
and the downfall of Brutus and Cas
sius. .... ¦ •
New City Hall Directory.
The Supervisors' Printing Commit
tee decided yesterday to -invite bids
for printing a new official directory of
the various municipal offices in the
City Hall. Action was taken on rec
ommendation of the Board of Public
Works, which stated ttiat,.'there*,was
urgent need of the directory on; ac
count of existing confusion in locating
the various offices.
Second Contest of Dunjan's Will.
Charles H. Dungan, a half-brother
of the late Dr. Jacob S. Dungan, the
retired naval surgeon, filed a contest
of the ' latter's will yesterday. He
makes the same allegations as in the
contest of Dungan's will filed a few
days ago by -a full, brother and . a
nephew : of the deceased—undue in
fluence and incompetency. ._
Buccleuth Wheels as Barrier
Is Sprung, Leaving Eace
, to Silver Fizz and Ultruda
Second race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
(C210)Hulford (Stover) 100
6271 •Anlrad ' (Coffey) 81
tjlfc6 Gateway (Lottridice) ...lul
( 6230) Adirondack " (Shannon) ¦ \ff.i
(C114)»Whlskers (Wilson) 115
«£35 'Mountebank (Keating) .....103
6S>6 Albemarle iQulnlan) .................. 108
6231 Tlie.Busm.boo (Kppinger) ...;........ >«5
«tH$8 Ripper. (Lang) ¦ .nrt^V7?wt....7'rr. .'.IQii
6215 Hi. Farnum (McC&fferty) ........... loo
] First • race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds
and up: celling:
<f234)*Plckaway (Jackson) ........107
•2T.5 Kalr Lady Anna (McCafferty) 105
62TW 'Alice Carey (Kowell) 100
6235 Yellowstone (Fine) 110
6105 Sol Llchtenstein (Romlgn) 107
5912 Captivate (Bianchl &. Co.)... 105
C244 BenUsh (Jeuness) ., ....' 107
(6*^6ff)'Hlrtle (Neal) 100
62fiS Sunello (Storn) , 107
3521 Pencil Me ¦ ( Jobnuon) 107
62M Rlonda (Hughes) 107
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Jockey Henry Spencer leaves for
Memphis some time within the next
fortnight, where he will do some rid
ing for Tichenor &^ Co., when the meet
ing opens there.
Puerl Wilkerson, owner of Warte
Xicht and other horses, wired from Los
Angeles last j night, asking that six
stalls be reserved for his stable.
Box Elder, winner of the first race,
was bid up from $400 to $900 by J. J.
Mora n and secured. The gelding was
entered by the Hamilton stable.
' C. Smith piloted two winners, and if
he will let his whip alone and - resort
to hand riding alone will make a good
rider.
Garnet Ferguson has secured a one
year contract on the services of Char
ley Connell.
Ed Stutte, a big bettor who made
many friends while here, departed for
Los Angeles on last night's Owl train.
Jockey Tommy Burns and wife left
for the East Sunday evening." Tommy
will be seen in the saddle at the Ben
nings meeting.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Zenonian, Sir Appleby and Foxy
Grandpa each took a turn at showing
in the lead, but all lacked the stamina
to stay. Travers on the favorite took
the lead turning into the stretch, and
at the stand won handily from Dell
Fountain's Salto. Foxy Grandpa ran
third, two lengths before Sir Appleby.
Henry Spencer, "the ice man," and
his friends did not thaw out for forty
minutes after the mile and a sixteenth
selling number. Henry rode Possart,
and the black horse carried some ex
tensive commissions at 2 to 1. Spencer
was told not to let Fille d'Or, the mount
of C. Smith, get too far in the lead, but
he couldn't help himself. Smith made a
sneak at the start and the mare won
all the way. Spencer picked out the
best going with Possart and was then
beaten four open lengths. Boutonniere
for a time looked dangerous, though
eventually losing the show to Mr. Din
gle. Prince Blazes and Polonlus, two
heavily played ones, were left at the
post.
"Doc" Kyle's Keynote made it three
straight by taking the final mile and a
sixteenth selling affair. Ridden by C.
Smith and a A to 5 favorite, the gelding
early assumed the lead and won easily
after a little shaking up from Axmin
ster. Byronerdale ran a distant third.
After seeing Jack Little meet with
defeat in the opening sprint, it only
goes to show that bad horses are poor
betting propositions at any price.
Jack looked In an easy spot and with
J. Daly on his back closed favorite
at 13 to 5. At the start J. T. Sheehan
on Box Elder shot away in front and
although tiring perceptibly at the
close, led fhe favorite out a length.
The winner was second choice in the
ring. Hogarth finished third. Hol
brook could do nothing with Re
signed. .
After all there is one thing to be
said in favor of Bell — he is consist
ent. Some ridere w-ill ride « five win-,
ners to-day and get beaten on six
favorites the. day following. That sort
of thing is unfathomable and should
always be passed up to the man wear
ing the 8li hat. But with Bell it is
different. Every time he goes to the
post on a Wrse something happens
to draw out some adverse criticism on
his ability. In the two-year-old
scramble Bell had the leg up on
Edpecliff and when all* of the other
starters had left the barrier then fol
lowed Bell. He finished a close third.
The winner turned- up in Bob Ragon,
played down to 13 -to 5 favoritism,
*^hich Jack Martin landed a head In
front of Bill Short at the wire.
The Hawaiian may not have been
best of those starting in the Futurity
course, third to be decided, but Trav
ers gave him a vigorous ride and that
helped a good deal. The Figaro sta
ble entry opened favorite at 2 . to 1,
but, as Salto, Foxy Grandpa, Sir Ap
pleby and Zenonian were all support
ed, the price lengthened to 18 to 5.
THE HAWAIIAN WINS.
The six and a half furlonjc handicap
run at Oakland yesterday was one
of the most' peculiar betting races of
the season: A glance - at the odds
would indicate that each and every
starter had undergone the canning
process, but such was not the case.
There were half a dozen starters,
and after a nervous and fidgety betting
session Kenilworth, the top weight,
with Willie See up, went to the post
favorite, although the price about
the brown horse had receded from 2 %
to 1 to 14 to 3. He 'played a' limited
engagement out in front, side stepped
into second position and finally finish
ed third. ' In the run to the wire Oli
phant, moving up on the extreme out
side, collared Nigrette.-beating out the
Jennings entry nearly a length.
Sidney Bender's mudlark closed at 7
after opening at 4%: Soufriere came
in for considerable backing and . fin
ished absolutely last, after showing a
spark of speed.
Three favorites gathered purses,
which is a fair showing when the
heavy condition of the track is taken
into consideration. The attendance
was .good and betting brisk.
BOX ELDER IX FRONT.
The opening number saw Mike Mar
tin, a lanky youth from Philadelphia,
knocked out after a couple of minutes
of fighting by stocky Patsy Hogan^of
Chicago.
Truscott took a lot of heavy body
nnd suomach punches. The pair gave
a cleair exhibition.
The spectators were given a lively
ten-round number between L5*n Trus
cott. who. Billy Jordan said, was the
•light-weight champion of Australia,"
and Fred Landers, the North Beach
boy. Referee Eddie Smith called it a
draw, which was a satisfactory deci
sion. Landers knows the game bet
ter than the lad from the Antipodes,
but Truscott showed with a good left
th;«t t'red the San Francisco young
ster at times.
In the fifth round Woods decided
it was time to close the evening's
sport, so he drove in three terrific
gnashes on Kelly's jaw. Down went
the alleged "cyclone" thrice, and his
seconds threw up the sponge. In the
first round "Cyclone" went to the floor
seven times and was pounded to the
ropes twice. Kelly made not the
slightest pretense to fight. It was
ridiculously "raw." and more "raw"in
the second. In the third Kelly went to
the floor once. Woods did not do a bit
of flghting in the fourth, and the pair
managed to stand off the hooting and
yelling for this round. Then the fifth
and last came.
Why Woods did not end the contest
in the* first round only "Biddy" Bishop,
his manager, and the colored man
know. There was no excuse for keep
ing the crowd through the following
rounds, because Kelly did not even
make the semblance of a showing. The
Sequoia Club is suffering under the
repetition of suspicious contests that
have been given under its manage
ment since boxing was resumed in
* Oakland. The Kelly-Woods event is
' the third in puccossion that has not
had a thoroughly genuine appearance.
Given the benefit of all doubts to date,
Manager Bishop should not permit
another such mill as that of last night.
OAKLAND. March 8.— "Cyclone"
Kelly, the boxer, is misnamed. He is
only a soft and gentle summer zephyr.
Billy Woods took five rounds to-night
at the Sequoia Club to finish Kelly,
but the dark-skinned fighter could
have done the trick in any part of the
first round had he been so minded.
It miRht be diflicult to prove that the
bout was the rankest kind of a "fake,"
but it was palpably evident to the
spectators, many of them experts in
the same, that it was a farcical hip
podrome from Kelly's corner, any*
way.
THE FAV0EITE IS LEFT
Kenilworth, the Favorite,
With See Up, Runs '
' In Third.
Proves No Match for Woods,
Who Floors Him Seven
Times in the First Bound
Defeats Barney Schreiber's
Pinkerton, Heavily Back
ed Choice at Ascot Park
This morning: at 9f30 o'clock the qual
ifying round, over 36 holes, of the con
test for the men's amateur champion
ship of the Pacific Coast Golf Asso
ciation will begin on the links of the
Los Angeles Country Club. The play
ers returning the best sixteen scores
will enter the first round of match
play, over 18 holes, beginning: at 9:30
o'clock to-morrow morning. The sec
ond round begins at 1:30 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. The semi-final
round will be played on Friday, begin
ning at 9:30 a. m. The final round,
over 36 holes, will be played on Satur
day, eighteen in the morning and eight
een in the afternoon.
The -winner at the final match be
comes the champion amateur golfer of
the Pacific Coast Golf Association for
the coming year and receives the gold
medal of the association. The club
from which he entered takes posses
sion for the year of the championship
trophy. The loser" in the final round
receives the silver medal and the losers
in the semi-final round get the bronze
medal of the Pacific Coast Golf Asso
ciation.
In the men's handicap match play
competition the semi-final round has
been reached. In the second round
Holla V. Watt, receiving a handicap
of four strokes, beat R. Q. Hanford 6
up. In the semi-final round, which
should be # completed to-morrow, R. I.
Bentley, with a handicap of rive
strokes, will play S. I* Abbot Jr. Rolla
V. Watt, handicap 6, will meet Perry
Eyre. The winners of these two
matches will play in the final round. -
> .
The team match set down on the
schedule of the Ladies* Annex of .the
San Francisco Golf Club did not take
place on the Presidio links yesterday
morning.
Amateurs Qualify at Los An
geles for Championship of
Pacific Coast Association
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
CYCLONE KELLY
AN EASY MARK
LORD MELBOURNE HAS FEW FRIENDS
AND WINS THE HANDICAP CLEVERLY
BELLE KINNEY
WINS CLEVERLY
GOLFERS REACH
SEMI-FINALS
SPORTS OF THE RACECOURSE, THE RING AND THE GOLF LINKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY,; :MARCH, 9, 1904.
10
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHIC ACO
LEAVES DAILY
at OHIO a. m, throng-ix la 3 days,
wlta diner and all trapplssra.
Other Saata 7* TralasJ
oifn S*V t0T Stockton. Fresno. Bake nfl eld.
800 p" m"J Merce<J . Hanford and VlsaUla. x
4:00 n. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Orand Canyon and
Chlcaxo.
TICKET prnCZS— 641 Market St., an!
Perry Depot, S. F. Alio 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland, CaL 37 Souta First at.
Ban Joaa.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANii NORTH PAClFli
EAILWAT OOMFAZrr.
Tlbuxoa ferry. 7oot ox iaa-rka» Street
SAZT rEAHCISCO TO SA2f SATAEXk
WEEK DAYS — 7;30. 0:00, ll:0Oa. m.; 12UiA.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m.
. Saturday*— Extra trip at 1:20 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
3:30. 6:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAST SAFAEL TO SA2T PSAKCI3CO.
WEEK 1>ATS — 6:05, 7:35. 7:5O. |»:2W, 11:13 |
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 6:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:00 and G:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :C0, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
8:40. 4:55, S:C3. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In KSect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Eun- I I>eBUna- | Sun- I Week [
Para. 1 days. | tlon. | day a. | Days.
7:20a 8:00a 9:10a! 8:40a;
0:30 a lenacUv 10:40 a 10:20 a .
S:30p 3:3Op «:0o pi «:ia> p '.
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p|
I 7:80 a I »:10a| 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. |10:40a|10:20 a (
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:06 p «:20p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
6 :OO p Santa Roea.
7-30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a j
8:00 a Pulton. 7:35 p 0:20 p
S:30 p 8:30 p '*.
Wmdior,
7:30 a 8:00 a Bealdsburx. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
8:3Op 8:30 p Oeyserville. 7:35 p «:20p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 a 19:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p and Uklah. 7:35 p 8:3O p
7:3Oa| 8:00 a| Wllllta. \ 7:35 pi 6:2p"p
7:30 al 8:00 at 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p[ Guernevllle. | 7 :35 p| 0 :20 p
7:30 a I 8:00 al Sonoma. 1 9:10 al 8:40 * {
5:10 p| 6:00 p|. Glen Ellen. | 6:06 p| 0:20 p
7:80 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a i
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. 1 7:35 pj 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Roea for White Sulphur
Springs ; at Fulton for Altrnrla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at O«y-
eerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. :
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake.
port and Itartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs Saratoga Sprlnirs. Blue Lakes. Laurel 1
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, :
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Lterly's. !
tBucknells, Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullvllle, Orr** '
*Hot Springs, Halfwey House, Coraptche, Camp I
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City.- Fort Bragg,
Westport. Utal; at WlUlta for Fort Bragg.
' Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo, Layton- ;
vine, dimming 9. Bell' a Springs, Harris. Ol-
sen'a. Dyer. Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia i
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re- |
ducfed rates.
On SundayV rcund-trlp tickets to all points
beyond San Rtfael at half rate*.
Ticket office?, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITINO. . H. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
S^lPlMgj] TOSANRAFAEL,
S§£^5^=S MTTT VATTFY
l'M||%"t §H CAZADERO, Etc.
' ! ?.'^^^V ? iSP^5 vu Sauaalito retry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:00, 8:00,
9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m., 12:20. 1:45, 3:15. 4:13,
8:15. .6:15. 7:00. 8:4&. 10:20. 11:45 p. m. -
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily. 5:25. 0:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55, 3:45. 4:45. 6:45. 6:43.
8:45. 10:20 p. ra.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally. 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. »:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12-.S5. 2:00. 3:15. 4:03. 5:05. 6:03,
7:05. 0:00. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted>—
Tomalea and way stations.
8:15 p. in. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. *
: Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes aad
. -way stations.
• TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st. .
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market at.
EAH.WAY TEAVEH
Overland
Excursions
Where do they go ? |
From California to Omaha,
Kansas City, St. Louis and Chi-
cago, with direct connections for
the principal cities farther east.
Comfortable ? !
Yes; they travel in Pullman
tourist sleeping cars. \
Interesting ? {.
Certainly; the route is thro*
Salt Lake City and Denver,
passing the grand scenic pano-
rama of the Rocky Mountains
by daylight. i
Economical? f
Double berths; comfortable
for two, cost only $6.50 to
St. Louis and $7.00 to Chicago.
Let me give you further Information
by mdil. A postal card, giving your des-
tination, will bring a detailed reply. \
W.D.6ANBORN.
General Agent Burlington Route,
63 1 Market St.. S*n Francisco.
909 Telephone, Main 1188.
f / • uiutrr \ •• 1 Trmfn«l««T»anii ¦*•
I . \ „ " / • I arrlT» m.\
\VV^C\7 SAK 'BANCXSCO.
\^9l^%\ S < M » ln Ltae ' ***** V***
«. *_^^ Toot ot Market Street. >
1j 4 TB — FbOM g»»BPABT 17. 11KH. — AMIT1 '
7.00a V»c»Tllle. Wlnwrs. «uin»ay 7-60»
7.00a Beatcia, Soliun, Elmfr» »ad Stere-
nifou. , i-Sm
7J0a Vatlejo. S«p». CMUtozn, 8*a«a
Rom, Martinez, 8»a JUmoa B.20r
730a NUe«. Llrermore, Tracj. Latbrop.
Stockton 7.20*
8 JO a BBMta Expreu— (Vta Davit).
WtUtam* (for Banlett 9prtBe».
Willow*. tFroto. Ked Bl«tt,
Portland. Tacotna. Seattle 7-50?
8.00* Da»l».Woodlatid.Kiit«ht«L*a(llnf. _ H _
MarytTlIle. OroTlUe 7-oO»
1-30* Port Cocta. Marttnes. Anttoch.
Byron, Tracr, Stoekton, New-
man. I«oa Baaoa, Mendota.
Armona. Haorord. Vltalla,
Portcrrllle ¦. 4,20*
8 50a Pert Cotta, Martlaei, Tracy. Lat>
rop. Modesto, Merced, Fresao.
Goanen Jancdon. Hasford, ._!_¦
Vltalla. Bakersfleld 4.53^
•-Ma XHes, Baa Joae, Llrermore. Stock-
• ton. (tMlltoa). lone. Sacramento,
Placctrri'.le. MarytTlIle. Cb'.co.
Red Blnff 4.*0p
8.30a Oe-kdale. Chlnete. Jamestown. So-
nora, Tnolomne aad Antielt 4 20f
8 00a Atlantic Expresa— Ogdennnd E»«. 11.20a
0.50a Blchmcnd. Martiaez and Way
Sutlona 8 50?
! 10£0a The OTerland Limited — Ogrten.
Denyer. Omaha, Cblcaga. 6 20?
10.00a Vallejo 12.20*
10.00a Lorn Ancle* Passenger — Port
I . Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
I.ntarop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Frenno. OosBen Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lemoore, VUalla.
Bakertfleld. Lot Ae^ele* 7-2O
12.00V Hayward. Kllet and Way Statlona. 3.2O
; tl.QOr Sacramento Rlrer Steamers til.OJr
3.30P Bealcla. VTlnters. Sacrninrnto.
Woodland. KniKbts l.»a<!!ni.
i MarysTlUe. OrovlUo ¦¦<*• way
1 stations 10-50k
5.30r Hayward. Nttes and TV' ny Stations.. 7.50r
5.30r Pert Cotta, MarUnez. Byron,
Tracy, Lath rop, Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Way St*-
tlon a beyond Port Costa 12-20r
SZQr Martinez, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10. 20a
4 00p Martlnez.San Uamon.ValleJo.Mapa.
Callstoea. San t* Ross 9 20»
4 00p Nlle«. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20p
4 30p Bayward. KDes. IrTlngton. Saa t t8.S0A
Joae. Ltrennore "I tit. 60a
iOOr The Owl Limited— Sewmaa. Los
Bano«, Mendota. Fresno, Talare.
Bakertfleld. Lot Angeles.
Golden State Limited Steeper.
Oakland to Lot Angeles, for Chi-
cago, Tla C. R. I. ft P 8.50a
6.CQp Port Costa. Tracy, Stockton 12 20-
t53Op Hayward. Nlles and San Jose ..... 7.20a
8.00 p Hay ward. Nile* and Sjn Josa. 9,i0 a
6. COr Eastern Express— ObW"'- DeaTer,
Omaha, St. Lonlt, lq!»h<o aad
East. Port Coita, Beutcla, Sut-
su3, Elmtra, Darts. Sacramento.
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfas,
Truckce.Boca, Keno. Wadt>
worth, Wlcnemucca 3-29»
S.OOp Vallejo, dall7, except Sunday. ... I ...
700r Vallejo, Sunday only f '•*«*'
7X0r Klchmond. San Pablo. Port Coata,
Martlnes and Way Stations 11.20a
I C5p Orecon A California Express— Sao-
ramento. MarysTlUe. Reddlnc
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 3.51 a
•8-1 Op Hayward, Nile* aad San Jose (San-
' dayonly) 11-BiA
COAST LINE (.Narrow «aos;a).
(Feot of Market street.)
8.15a Kewark. CeoterrlUe. San Jose,
Felton. Boolaer Creek. Smat*
Crux and Way Stations. 5-5 3 r
t2.15r Kewark. Centerrllle. 9aa Joae,
New Almaden.Los Oatot,Feltoa,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crux aad
Principal Way Stations tiO.St*
4.1» Newark, San Jose, Los Qatos aad I t8.S6 a
___ „ stations 1t1055A
*9Z0r Hunters Tratn. Saturday only. Saa
Joae and Way Stations. Retorn-
tng from Los Gatoa Sunday only. X7nm
.•OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KKA*. CISCO, Fool of Market St. (311sl>
-f7!lS 1:00 11:80 a.m. 100 3.00 6.15 p.*.
From OAKLAND, Foot, of Broadway — 1«:00 13-M
ta:03 10:00 a.m. 12.00 2 00 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE? <Broad Uaatje).
%W (Third aad Townsead Streets.)
?.10a fian Jose and Way SUUona. tiOr'
.00a San Jose and Wst Stations 5.38p
8.00a New Almaden (Tu»s., Frld., only), 4.10r
8 00a The Coaster— Stop* only S*a Joae,
Gllroy (connection for Hoills-
ter), Pajare, CattroTin* (coa<
aeetloa to aad from Monterey
aad PaotSe Orore), Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Rohles. Sanu Mar-
garita. Ban Lois Oblspo, principal
stations thence Surf (eonnectloa
for Lompoc). principal stations
thence Santa Barb«ra,9snBue aa-
?entura, P»ag-as. Los Angelee... 1t.4tr
8.00a S«a Jose, Trei Plnoi. Ctpltola,
HaauCrasJ'aelae OroTe.Saltnaa,
Baa Lola Oblspo and Principal
... Way Station 4.13r
1040a Baa Jose aad Way Stations. 1.20p
1140a Santa Clara, Sin Jose. Lot Oatoe
and Way Statlona 7-30p
1-30r San Jose and Way Stations ... .... a 53*
I.WJp Dt\ Monte Bxpress — Santa Clara.
8aa Jose, Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific GroTe (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crux, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Poluis)
at Gllroy for Hollliter. Tree
Plaos. atCastrovllie for Sallaat. 1?.1V
SSOr Tres Plnos Way Passenger .^, 10.4Sa
430p Ban Jose and Way Stations........ t8.C0-A
I tSOOr San Jose. (Tla banta Clara) Los
Gatos. aad Principal Way Sta-
. ,.. Wona (except Sunday) tS.OOA
i So-iOF BanJoseandPrlnc!psiWay3tatlons S3 40a
i 6X0r Snnset Limited.— Kedwood, Saa
Jose, Gllroy.SaUna.sPMO Uobles,
Eaa Luis Oblspo, Santa Barbara,
' Los Angeles,. Demlng. Kl Paso,
! Xew Orleans. New Tork. Con-
! nects at Pajaro for Santa Crni
aad at Ca«troTtil* for PaclHo
: ¦¦" GroTe and Way Stations 9 . 7.10a
tB-lbP SanMateo.Tteresford,Belmoni.S«a
Carlos. Bed-wood. Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto „ t8.4«*
8 30? 8an Jose and Way Stations. 8.33*
•^Or Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
I 11. SQr South SanPraacUeo. Umbrae. Bur-
llacame. Saa Mateo, Belmont.
Ban Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto...... 9.4S*
. «mOF Mayaeld, Monntaln View. Snaay-
Tale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
! Baa Jose. {>.4&y
I A for Morning. T for Afternooa.
t Sunday exrentel tSnndi'only
; a Batardaj only.
; I Stops at all stations on Saaday.
PT'Only trains sto«plag at Valencia St. to«tBbotja4
are«^AJt,7:0(Uji, U:»AJi,8:»#j ( , t :8o51»uS3
j PrtT. Tamalpais Railway
; . L«ave Tia Sjutlita tmj I Arrive *
! SaaFrandsco 7»et rf Mirktt ft. San PraaHt^>
»Veek Sun- ¦" jjfj Sun- Week
Par*. daya J4&££$h5^ day» Day^.
•1:45p »:oo A EStiS^'^P l:aaraT«o?
ft:ia P lO:OOA \g?SSSSr liftOrslso,
i ~~ — \l2t A *:3Op »•*©,
nnr ICai M.uikht ST.,(NorU» Shore RailroadT
wKSB land Sabsauto Fsuhy. Foot MvUt Sc
Weekly Call, $1 per YearHelen Russell has created quite a sen
sation at Fischer's. During your 'spare
time you should learn to cook on a gas
range from San Francisco Gai and Elec
tric Co., 415 Post street. -j •«•
Prisoner ' Dies nt* Sea.
Captain Bolger of the .Curtln Detec
tive Agency yesterday received a "tele
gram from Chile stating that Jose Her
rera, who was recently extradited by
that country from this city on a charge
of forgery, had died at sea while on
his way to South America. The pris
oner, who was a' young man of. wealthy
parents, left here in charge of a Curtln
agency man about -two Weejcs'ago.
Slakes Brenk for Liberty.
Frank West/alias Frank Smith/made
a dash f rom' Judge* Lawler's court last
night when he was ordered into cus
tody by' the magistrate for perjury.
West was a witness for his wife, who
was being tried for assault to commit
grand larceny. When the jury brought
in a verdict against the woman Judge
Lawlor, who was not satisfied with
West's testimony, ordered him placed
under arrest. West, who was . sitting
with the spectators, made" a bolt for
the door, but, was caught in .the cor
ridor, by Deputy Sheriff F. J. Coyle and
landed in 'jail/
Railroads Coming to This City Over
crowded With Passengers.
Railroads coming from Portland; Se
attle, Washington, Los Angeles, Fresno,
Stockton, Sacramento and from all over
the country are rather overcrowded,
most of the passengers going direct . to
Pattosien's furniture retiring sale, cor
ner Sixteenth' and Mission streets. *
Supervisors' ' Finance Committee
Averse to Expending $5000 Pre
liminary to Litigation.
The Supervisors' Finance Commlt
-tee met yesterday for the purpose of
devising a plan for the collection of
collateral inheritance taxes on estates.
The sum of more than $200,000 re r
mains due and unpaid, and it is
planned to have this money turned
into the State treasury.
County Clerk Greif stated that he
would co-operate with the City Treas
urer in keeping up the quarterly re
ports of. probable amounts due In
taxes from estates of decedents. Greif
stated that it would cost at least
$3000 to take off the names of estates
owing inheritance taxes. Then it
would be necessary to bring many
suits against the executors and heirs
and this might be futile In cases
where the estates had already been
distributed.
The members of the committee, Su
pervisors D'Ancona and Payot, did not
feel Justified in recommending that the
city expend the money for something
which benefits the State alone. Payot
thought the State should- stand the
expense, but D'Ancona informed him
that the duty of collecting the taxes
devolved on the County Clerk. Fur
ther consideration of the matter was
postponed... ; , .
Commend His Courageous Conduct in
Risking His Life to Assist in
Capture of Burglars.
At a meeting of the Police Commis
sioners last evening a resolution was
adopted commending John D. O'Brien,'
a Call reporter,, for his cool and cour
ageous conduct several nights ago,
when he risked his own life and was
wounded in assisting Policemen D. J.
Keohane* and J. B. O'Connor in the
capture of two burglars.
Antonio Blanco appeared before the
board with an application for a re
newal of his license for the Poodle
Dog restaurant. Action in, the mat
ter was 'deferred until next week's
meeting. Commissioner Hutton de
n6unced the manner in which the
Poodle Dog is conducted. He said
that the place is a disgrace to San
Francisco and he gave notice that he
purposed to not only vote against the
renewal of that restaurant's license,
but all other French restaurants that
are conducted in a similar manner.
CONSIDERS COLLECTION
OF INHERITANCE TAXES
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
THANK REPORTER O'BRIEN
ever that would throw light on the murder. 1
positively ev.-car I had no pistol and fired no
shot that night.
WHY JIE "RAN AWAY.
"Did you make any resistance to
the men that attacked you' at the
door?" was asked by the Coroner.
"No; I just tried to get away as
quickly as possible."
"Why did you*, not remain and pro
tect your father?" said a juror.
, "Because he had said he never
would oppose a hold-up. He always
told me it was dangerous business
resisting footpads. I ran, back into
the engine-room, thinking he would
follow me."
•
Daniel Mason, more generally called
"Sam," the negro workman, that was
formerly employed at the * packing
house, began his testimony by fully
airing his grievances against* Albert
Buttgenbach. He said:
Mr. Al had me thrown out. He treated me
like a dog. I did all kinds of work, but he al
ways abused me, and once he tried to break
my head with a hammer, but his father came
between us and saved me. I stayed there Just
to please the boss. Finally the boss came and
shut down. I then put on my coat, got my
overcoat out of the closet and started for th'u
Btreet, going through the heavy Iron doors
to the store In front. Ak soon as I opened
the Shipley street doo'r two men confronted
me. one of them sticking a revolver In my
face, while the other gave me a light rap on
the head. Both men had white handkerchiefs
over the lower part of their faces.
One said to me. "Kee? quiet, kid." 1 ran
back through the office, telling father and
Brune there was a hold-up and going on into
the engine-room. I do not remember whether
the two men knocked off my hat at the door
or not. I gannct recall whether they followed
me very closely. 1 was out in the engine
room when I heard the noi3e of the shattered
glass. I heard no ?*ot.
I a.=J*»d for my hat when they were taking
me away to the police station. No. I do not
know whether it was on my head when I start
ed first to leave tho shop.
This man Bam Mason, who Is quoted as say
ing he taw me with a revolver on Saturday
night. Is the fellow I had discharged for drunk
ennets and neglect of work. He turned down
a valve on the condenser. I believed he did it
maliciously to hurt me. I did not get on well
with him. As to his statement, 1 want to say
that I never had a revolver In my life, and had
none on Saturday night. I saw none except
those of tho two men at the door. Neither
father nor I nor Brune ever had a revolver at
the factory. Father had one at the house,
which he kept locked up. I have not seen it
for a year.
When I came back from the saloon I saw no
one on Shipley street. 1 know nothing what-
INQUISITORS IN THE BUTTGENBACH CAgE. MURDERED MAN'S
1 SON TESTIFYING, AND SCENE ILLUSTRATING THE TRAGEDY
ACCORDING TO THE THEORY OF THE POLICE.
permit Albert Buttgenbach to be tak
en under police guard to attend the
funeral of his father to-day.
The ex-Convicts, Edward Gonzales
and John Riley, who were arrested
Sunday on suspicion, were discharged
last evening, the police having failed
to discover any evidence to connect
them with the murder of Buttgen
bach. "^
This ended the testimony for the
day and the inquest was adjourned
until Thursday morning, in order to
MASONS CONTRADICTIONS.
This statement was a backdown
from what the witness had been tell
ing the police and the Coroner pressed
him on his inconsistency. %
"Did you not tell the detectives
that you knew it was a rev#lver?" he
asked.
"Xo," said the colored man, trying
to evade the question/ "I am telling
the truth now, and positively I cannot
say that it was a revolver." This was
all the Coroner could get out of him.
Stephen Slavich, a boy of 16, told
a clear and effective story., of the trag
edy as seen and heard from the side
walk In front of the packing-house.
He said:
1 was going up Fourth street when I heard a
shot fired and sdme glass falling. Immedi
ately there was a loud groan, as of some one
saying "Oh-h-h 1 ." Then I heard sounds of
people trampling on broken glass and of a
scuffle. I ran up the street to a store Just
above Shipley street and told a man standing
there that some one was shot. I came back,
then to Heide's saloon. ' where a crowd was
collecting. I am sure the glass Tell Just after
the shot was tired and not before. 1 saw no
one in Shipley street until the police and crowd
gathered. If there wn* any on© there I think
I might have seen him, but am not sure.
sai3 r would better leave, as he did not want
trouble with the bey. ¦ • - - .
Late Saturdays night I "was- standing ont on
the sidewalk In front of Heide's saloon, when
Mr. AI. went in there and got a drink. I
watched him from the dodr, which was open.
AVhen he came out and went back to Shipley
street, Just as he was turning the corner I saw
him take something out of his right front
pocket and pass it around to his back left
pocket. . It shone In the light from the street
lamp, but I cannot say whether It was a re
volver or a wrench.
After four days' investigation by
half a dozen detectives and at the
completion ofthe first day of the in
quest, Captain of Detectives Martin
still believes that Joseph Buttgenbach
came to his death from a bullet fired
from a revolver in the hands of Albert
Buttgenbach, son of- the murdered
man. The police, although not In pos
session of direct evidence to estab
lish their theory, intimate that at least
two witnesses will be found to
strengthen, the web they are attempt
ing to weave around Albert Buttgen
bach.
To a representative of The Call last
night Martin, for the first
time since the mysterious murder,
consented to expound his theory of
the- crime. Although his statement In
several instances is at variance with
the- testimony given at the Coroner's
inquest yesterday, he does not hesi
tate to say that whoever fired the
fatal shot did so with malice and de
liberateness.
Expound Xew Theories.
Captain Mnrtin and Dr. Bacigalupi
WAS NOT SHOT IX STRUGGLE.
questions asked by the Coroner and
Jurors in a manner that made an im
pression on his hearers. He said:
BItUXE TELLS OF HOLD-UP.
Joseph Buttgenbach and I were counting the
cash last Saturday night when his son Albert
rushed through the office shouting. "It's a
case of hold-uo." Albert ran out at once
through the rear office door Into the engine
room.
I waited just a second before'- I followed
him. In that time I saw Mr. Buttgenbaoh
turn awav from the fciesk in the back office,
' where he had been standing by my side, and
face about toward the front office door as if
to meet the footiiads. As I was quitting the
office J heard him scuffling. with some one. but I
I could not see the face or figure - of that
person. While running back into the engine
room I continued to h«ar the noise of the
scuffle. Then came the sound of the breaking
glass. This I remember distinctly, but do not
recall hearing the ristol shot. !
I ran back to the stairway and called through
the partition to the barkeeper In the saloon
for h*lr>. Albert oame over to the stairs and
I toM him to kick in the partition. He did
this and wae at once taken care of by the
officer*. I stuck my head through the open- |
Ing and asked for help. Sergeant Greene '
came through and with him I went back into
the office, where we found Mr. Buttgenbach.
lying in a pool of his own blood. I tried to
get him to talk, but he never spoke again.
This was p.bout 10:15 p. m.-
We generally close the building about 9:30,
after which there is always some work to do
before we go home.. So far as I know there
wa«> no one In the building- except th« two
Buttgenbachs and myself at the time we were
counting the cash. :
I paid the men off before 10 o'clock. Al
bert's balance was $12. After I gave him this
I did not see him ag-aln until he came Into
the office shouting "Hold up!" As soon as
his father heard this shout he dropped his
purse ana Fterted for the front office .door
and I ran out the back door.
SAW XO ASSAILANT.
"Did you see any one scuffling with
Joseph Buttgenbach?" asked Leland.
"No, but I heard the noise of the
scuffling and of the falling glass. Just
as soon as I got out in the engine
room Albert . called to me there in the
dark and told me to shout for help. I
ran over to the stairway, because at
first it occurred to me that "I might go
upstairs and hide. My suggestion that
Albert break the partition was due to
my familiarity with the building. I
knew the boards were thin. I was
afraid to go out by the Shipley street
door, because I didn't want to run Into
the footpads."
"Did Albert have a -hat on when he
ran through the office giving the
alarm?"
"I do not recall what he wore, except
that he was in his street clothes."
"Was any one following him?"
"I am almost positive that I heard
the sound of footsteps behind him, but
I did not stay to get a look at his pur
suer. No. I did not hear the scuffle he
says took place at the Shipley street
door. I was so busy making up the
cash that the noise would have had to
be very loud for me to notice it. There
was a single gas jet lit in the store out
side the office, but as we were back at
the desk w r e did not see any figures
passing before the window."
Brune's testimony closed with the as
sertion that he knew of no serious trou
ble between the Buttgenbachs, father
and son, and that in all the years he
had known Albert he had never known
him to own or carry a revolver.
ALBERT'S EXPLANATION*.
Albert L. Buttgenbach, whom the po
lice believe killed his father, showed
the marks of nervous strain when he
took the stand. Evidently the two days
in the City Prison had worn on him. He
was scared, weak- voiced and very un
comfortable under the ordeal of the
Coroner's examination- .But' the story
he told the police Saturday night when
"he was first arrested was repeated
without material .variance/. Suspicious
as his explanatjon is, the young fellow's
steadiness under fire grew as he became
familiar with his inquisitors, and he
battled for his own version of. the trag
edy with a stubbornness ttiat at least
won him credit for nerve. His story
follows:
I am an engineer, and for two years past
have been employed .by ray father, receiving
$18 a week. Last week I drew $6. In ad
vance, eo there was. only $12 due me when
Brune paid oft the men. I never had anything
but' kindly feelings toward my father. . No
trouble occurred- between us.-
After Brtine gave, me the money Saturday
night I went out to Alpers 4 Heide's «Uoon
and rot a drink of whisky, then came back
to the boiler-room and looked at the flres and
changed my clothes. Shortly before 10 o'clock
I cot things about the engine la order and
"I believe." said Captain Martin,
"that Joseph Buttgenbach was not
shot durfng a struggle, but while en
tirely oblivious of his danger and at
work over the desk in" the front of
fice. The location of the hole in the
hat, the wound on the tight side of
the head and the course taken by the
bullet seem to bear out that theory.
It is true that we have not been able
up to the present time to secure evi
dence that insures a conviction of any
body, yet Detective Ryan is out look
ing for a couple of witnesses that may
be able to throw some light on the
affair. It is evident that the person
that held the pistol rested his hand
against the iron column which forma
part of the scale, so as to steady hia
aim, and then pulled the trigger. The
bullet struck Buttgenbach on the
right side of the head, near the top.
It does not appear probable that ths
shot was fired during a struggle, as
would be inferred from the testimony
given before the Coroner, but by some
one bent upon murder and aiming at
an object and that object Buttgen
bach's head."
NOT SHOT IN STRUGGLE.
Autopsy Surgeon Louis D. Baciga
lupi, who has wide experience as an ex
pert in gunshot wounds, declares em
phatically that Buttgenbach was not
shot during a struggle. He also sup
plies an important piece of testimony
against Albert Buttgenbach.
"In my opinion Joseph Buttgenbach
was not shot during a struggle." says
Dr. Bacigalupi. "I think that theory
highly improbable from the wound and
course taken by the bullet. A man
standing at the corner of the scale and
shooting at an oblique angle would hit
Buttgenbach about where the bullet
struck, If the last named was at work
at his desk. It is not clear to me how
Buttgenbach could have been shot dur
ing a struggle, as the hole in the glass
shows the bullet did not go through
in a straight line but on an acute angle.
In order to shoot In that manner it be
comes necessary to place the gun
against one of the Iron columns of the
scale, a position that would not be
adopted by a thug shooting on the spur
of the moment. I examined Albert
Buttgenbach in the prison and was un
able to find any evidence of a blow on
the head, such as he claims to have re
ceived. At that time he told me that
he did not have his hat on when
stopped by the thugs at the door."
Jn view of the fact that the younger
Buttgenbach's hat was found on the
scale immediately after the shooting,
directly under the bullet hole, and that
he testified at the Inquest yesterday
that he wore his hat when stopped at
the door, the statement of Dr. Baciga
lupi is of Importance.
SAW 3IAN* RUXXIXG.
"What was regarded as evidence that
would clear Albert Buttgenbach of all
suspicion was reported to the police
yesterday by Hugo P. Trau and F. B.
Connolly, grocers at 313 Fourth street.
Subsequent developments, however,
demonstrated their testimony to be of
little value. Trau and Connolly said
that they were standing at the south
east corner of Fourth and Fol3om
streets and were startled by a shot.
They then saw a man run from Ship
ley street toward Folsom. After sprint
ing a short distance he retraced his
steps and vanished in the darkness.
They describe the fellow as being of
slight build and wearing a fedora hat
and dark clothes.
At the Coroner's inquest Stephen Sla
vich, a 18-year-old youth, testified that
he was in front of Buttgenbach's, store
and ran up Fourth street a short dis
tance upon hearing the shot. He then
hastened back to the scene of the shoot
ing. Both Connolly and Trau saw Sla
vich at the inquest and after talking
with him decided that he corresponded
in size and dress to the fellow they
had seen running. Connolly, said last
evening that he was convinced that
it was Slavich and not a thug he bad
seen after the shot was fired. Trau is
of the same opinion and thinks the
testimony of himself and partner of r.o
importance.
The inquest into the murder of Jo-
Eeph Buttgenbach, shot on Saturday
night in his office at the Pacific Pack
ing-house, was begun yesterday be
fore Coroner Leland. The day's work
made it painfully evident that the po
lice have failed In their effort to dis
cover evMence that would lead to the
apprehension of the murderer or even
lend more than argumentative color
to their theory that it was commit
ted by Albert Buttgenbach, the vi<>
tim's son.
One of their star witnesses, the ne-
Kto Mason, after confessing his bitter
hatred of the young man, further dis
appointed the detectives by admitting
that he was uncertain whether the in
strument he saw in Albert's hands
shortly before the shooting was a re
volver or .-v monkey-wrench. This
ends his usefulness as a witness for
the State. The bookkeeper, Brune,
and young Buttgenbach himself were
on the stand and retold without
change their former stories of the
events surrounding the crime. Efforts
to shake their testimony failed.
One of the sensations of the hearing
was the testimony of Stephen Slavlch,
an intelligent lad, who declared that,
standing on the sidewalk in front of
Puttpenbach's packing-house, he heard
the shot fired from the assassin's re
volver, and that it was immediately
followed by a loud groan, the noise of
falling glass and the sound of a scuf
fle. Two new witnesses, H. P. Trau
and F. B. Connolly, who were expected
i>» testify that they'saw a man run out
of Shipley street shortly after the ehot
was fired, will say on Thursday that
they now believe it was the boy Slavich
whom they saw.
The Coroner's jury spend the morn
ing at the packing-house at Fourth
and -Shipley streets, where the mur
der was committed. Under the guid
ance of Detective Thomas L. Ryan,
who is especially assigned to the case,
the Jurors viewed the places men
tioned in the witnesses' statements
' and listened to some preliminary tes
tim~-v. The afternoon hearing was
\\c\k ;i! the Coroner's office.
SERGEANT GREENE'S ACCOUNT.
Ryan took the jury over the entire
1 'remises at the packing-house and
*-xplained briefly how the proprietor
had been shot down when preparing
to close his establishment for the
•right. Coroner Leland then called on
Police Sergeant Greene, who related
that, on Saturday night shortly after
3 0 o'clock, as he was at Fourth and
Folsom streets on his way to report
for duty, he heard a shot and running
down Fourth street found a crowd
collecting before Alpers & Heide's sa
loon. In the rear of this he discov
ered Albert Buttgenbach breaking
through the board partition that sep
arated the saloon from the meathouse.
After putting him under arrest he
went with Brune through the partition
;.nd into the office by way of the rear
door. There they .saw Joseph Butt
penbach lying face downward on the
floor with a bullet wound in his head,
and on turning him over found sev
eral 3S-caliber cartridges under him.
These probably had been emptied
from a revolver in a struggle with an
assailant before he fell. The front
door leading from the office into the
Ftore was half closed and the glass in
it had been broken, falling outside in
the hallway. Green continued:
When I ordered Albert Duttgenbach taken to
the nolice station he a*ked for his hat, and
U fcas found outsid? the office on the scales.
iU5t w-here the man must have etood that fired
*t hie father. I examined all the possible
(Kits from the fa/tory and found that all the
door« were closed except the email «oor on
th* Fhipley etre»t eide. where Albert told ur
the two me n had met him as he was going
'¦ut on hi* way home. He raid they ;ui!
f a*he<l oirtolf . in hl« face and that he there
upon became frightened and ran back through
the office. W> K^arched everywhere for a re
volver, but fa lied to find any.
HOW THE SHOT WAS FIRED.
The police sergeant explained the
probable position of the murderer when
he fired at the meat packer through
the front window of the office. "He
must have held his revolver at an
oblique angle with the window pane,"
paid Greene, "because if it had been
pointed straight at the window the hole
in the glass would have been smaller."
Inasmuch as both Albert Buttgen
hach and Louis Brune had declared
that when flying from the footpads
they had heard, back in the engine
loom, the crash of glass falling from
the broken office door, but had not
heard the pistol shot, a test was made
to determine whether this was possi
ble. Detective Ryan sent the jurors
back to the stairway where the two
young men broke the partition, and
then he let a pane of glass fall on
the floor by the office door. The noise
was plainly heard all over the engine
room. Their alleged failure to hear
the shot is one of the peculiar things
told by the two men now under ar
rest, but as regards the glass the test
confirmed their statement.
At the afternoon session the first
witness examined was Louis E. Brune,
the bookkeeper, who is now held un
der suspicion of guilty knowledge of
the crime. He told his story in a
Ftraightforward ,way and showed no
signs of nervousness, answering many
Two Suspects Held by
Police Reassert Their
Innocence.
Mason Uncertain Whether
He Saw Wrench or
Revolver.
CORONER LELAND BEGINS THE INQUEST INTO THE MYSTERIOUS MURDER OF JOSEPH BUTTGENBACH
AND NEW WITNESS TESTIFIES THAT HE HEARD THE FATAL SHOT, FOLLOWED BY VICTIM'S GROAN
/"TA Htae Coroner's Inquest In die Buttgenbach murder case was opened yesterday. Among the witnesses were Albert Buttgenbach and Louis Brune, now nnder arrest on suspicion.
J[ They hold to their former stories of the tragedy, declaring that the meat packer was. attacked by footpads. Mason, the colored witness, failed to adhere to his statement that
he had seen young Bettgcnbach with a revolver shortly before the shooting. No. new testimony of importance Was developed. Captain Martin of the detective force and
Autopsy Surgeon Bacigalupi declare their belief that the fatal shot was not fired' during a scuffle . between, ftuttgenbach and his assailants. The contrary has been the contention of
young Buttgenbach and Brune and has found some adherents among the detectives. Dr. Bacigalupi asserts that the gunshot wound which caused Buttgenbach's death indicated that It
was inflicted while the victim was at rest, ', ¦ ¦- ... .
THE: SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. MARCH 0. 1904.
11
Is a wonderful pump that works Inces-
santly, averaging seventy 50-pound
strokes a minute, and forcing from 20
to 30 pounds of blood throughout the
body each minute.
The power that keeps this wonderful
pump in motion Is nerve- force, the en-
ergy furnished by the nerves.
i Disease, over-exertion, fright, anx-
iety, alcohol, tobacco and other stimu-
lants weaken these nerves, but tha
heart, instead of stopping, makes extra-
ordinary efforts, and causes heart strain.
Then comes shortness ot breath, heart
palpitation, dizziness, etc., ¦ because the
nerves are too weak to furnish power.' •
Take* the only safe remedy.
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure.
It feeds, strengthens and builds up the
nerves and muscles of the heart so they
can supply the necessary energy.
"Dr. Miles' Heart Cure is a marvelous
remedy. I always use it when cardiac
trouble is present. It meets the. indica-
tions surely and completely." — C. P. P.
BURCHA1ORE, M- D.. 496 Mass. Ave.,
Boston, Mass.
It first bottle fails to benefit, "money
back.
Your Heart
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
|g Tired backs come to all who are forced to £_^p|^VV&^^^\ g|
|| overtax them in their daily duties. Ever realize / IQ \{ fc '"SvB&glll
|g that it may not be the back that's tired, but the t ljSM^j&fe~^9 §£
g& Kidneys? The Kidneys are overworked, become fi, ¦ fet^ 1 £§
g| congested, and when they "play out" the back will | {VMj^ X- 9 |g
§| Healthy people have strong backs. I # Ii
£j<3 Learn to be healthy by keeping the Kidneys f
©§ healthy. Doan's Kidney Pills keep the Kidneys S %%
g| healthy and cure all Kidney and Bladder life, li
|| Urinary Derangements^ Diabetes, Dropsy. §g
i A' Trial Free |- . ||
I ; I^ C0Cil "- ] SAN FRANCISCO PROOF ! |
|# PI _A~J PUIs 111111 Mrs> El H * Harrick of 3 12 Prospect avenue, wife of E. H. Har- O^
•So WA^^rwVti 50 curts. 1 , \|sll|g rick, painter, says:' "I have the best of reasons for recommending <s$:
P§ C^p* nwrmv^gy Doan s Kidney Pill?. I had attacks of backache for at least a quar- 2<J>
S« ter of a century, and when they occurred I naturally resorted to o§
Sg — -— - — — . medicines of various kinds, some of which possibly helped me to g«
&*¦": p *°"" — ~" ~ — ' tide over a spell, but if I contracted a cold or was unfortunate §p
So ', 8TAT * : — — — — — — ™~- • enough. to get my feet wet a recurrence was sure to set in. I have sjx
§S rJ^u^n^Vi^JSS^s^^v^a^ been* free v from backache during the last six months, and I owe'it £3
©S ' wjwtjtowSrtent wiito ¦ddreii<m. > epi j . to the use of Doan's Kidney Pills. During all that time I have not 03
gg *¦ * required the use of any medicine for my kidneys."THE* SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL, 'WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1904.
12
BCSIVK*!* OHATCK5— Contlnne*.
A— $!6.V) COR. saloon with 4 rooms and bath:
rent 550; lease; a first-clays Oftying place. in
choicest location: $150 -x?r .-rnntii Hfar guar-
anteed. If. <J. \V 1 KE 2 t i'i Kr-nrny >t
A— $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
Bfc'lery. averarln* atv.ut $3 50 per day; ex-
penFep about »••"» per day: will sell -or trade
for lodFinr- house. See R.' G. WILKE, 2'JVj
K<n:r,y jst.
A-*S1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery in
choicest location: rent $80; dally receipts
alwut $70: a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2<i'4 Kenrny st.
A— $S9O; CORNER cigar Ftand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts : run $75; a splendid
(¦¦K-ation and r»re buFlncn* chance. See R.
G. WILKE, 26'» Kearny st.
A — $2230; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, uacon. etc.;
n > O[>|jo?itlon: in thriving ccuntry town about
75 miles from this city; a rare chance. For
particuiats see R. G. WILKE. 2«^4 Kearny.
A BAKERY across tbe bay. with lot 50x100;
house of 4 room*, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; ©rice $3600; not all cash required; a
gocd business.! Call on R. G. WILKE, 26'^
' Kearny «.
I A— $4fOC>: CORNER saloon, with leaae; latxe
cellar; canl and private, rooms; kept by
owners for years; fullest investigation so-
licited. See R. G. WILKE. 264 Kfarny st.
! A— $3000; GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment In Oakland: close to theaters;
rent $70 and a ftrst-clafs paying business;
other invtstrrents only cauf»e of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 2C 1 * Kearny at.
A — $12OO; BAKERY, estab. year* and kept by
present owner 17 years; bake* 4 Vt barrel*
per day; daily sales $45; living rooms. Call
; R. G. WILKE. 2CK Kearny Et.
' A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
i large stock: clears at least $250 per month;
full value In sight : a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE. 2B',5 Kearny srt,
J A— $500: BRANCH bakery and candy store.
with living r^om?; daily receipts about $10;
j choicest location -in the MIsson. See R. G.
WILKE. 2»'.Vj K»-arny st.
A— $2200: SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth Et., Market and Stockton;
place speaks for Itself; all particulars. R.
O. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
! A— J15CO; GROCERY and bar, with 16 fur-
nif=h'-f1 room?; 5 years' lease; rent $«5: a
businrsss where man and wife can easily
clear S:;00 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26>i Kearny st.
i A— $3<iCrt : COAL, hay and grain yard: on Geary
Ft.: rent $40; Irase; 3 horses, 6 wagons: bunl-
n^*«s es*tab. years; Investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
| PACIFIC REALTY COMPANY. 209 Kearny,
room 1; t^ewral fine business chances to offer:
I Attention— Be^t paying delicacy store in city
fpr sale at a bargain: price $550.
j Branch bakery, notions, candles; 2 living
rooms; rent $15; price $275; receipts $9 dally.
I Camly store: big stock: well patronized; price
$830: rents $rw : biggest bargain ever offered.
I Corner cipar Ftand: rent $25; price $175.
<"orner cigar stand; big trade; price $1300.
j Branch bakery; dally receipts $10; price $200.
j Delicacy store; rent $20; bargain: price $200.
! Restaurant and chophouse; bargain; price $700.
j FOR sale — Drug store, in Sonoma County: on
railroad; no competition within 25 miles;
ov.-ner unable to give -personal attention;
cheap for cash; fine location for physician.
Address box 4541, Call office.
DELICACY and notion store; good trade; In
ft locality surrounded by families; no oppo-
sition for several blocks; stock all new and
clr-an; fixtures attractive; living rooms 'and
furniture; rent low. Box 2937, Call.
1 BAHGAIX — Barber shop: laundry pavs rent;
good location; $2O0. TETLOW. 850 Market.
I SNAP— «26O; barber shori; rent, water and
light, f?0. J. E. TETLOW. 850 Market st.
$875— SALOON, stock and fixtures In whole-
sale district: must sell on account of being
compelled to leave the city. Address box
29G5. Call office.
! FOR SALE — Candy and ice cream factory;
good, clean etock on hand; fine fixtures;
good locality and a fine trade. Address- box-
I 2918. Call office.
OLD established meat market In rood loca-
tion; doing a good business; fullest investi-
gation: very reasonable; phone Folsom 1522.
Box 4530. Call office.
BARBERS, attention! Fine downtown shop. 4
chairs: Al business!; only $300; 10 others.
SKIRM. 6 Eddy st.. room 72.
EEND or call room 222 Parrott bldg. for par-
ticulars of a small, safe, honest 5 per cent
a month Investment, besides large profit.
I $600— SPLENDID opportunity: established "with
automobile delivery; money refunded If not
as represented. 510 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
I BRANCH bakery, etc.. price $140; three, nice
living rooms: rent $15; value In sight. 1713
Broadway, Oakland.
FOR rent— Blacksmith shop, with or without
tools; established six years. Inquire 1806
Railroad ave., Alameda.
FOR sale — The only first-class roadhouse in
California near San Francisco. Address box
245S, Call office.
WANTED— To buy a grocery and bar; a good
stand; state location and price asked. Box
2947. Call office. 1 ¦¦
ACTIVE man with $500 to take half Interest
In old established real estate business; refer.
encegj-equlrcd. P. O. box 162. Oakland. Cal.
FOR sale— Half" interest In a first-class "fruit
and vegetable stall. Box 4544. Call office.
SMALL boardlne-hcuse for sale; rooms full
Particulars. 30 McAllister St.; after 10 a. m.
ROUTE on Call. Apply at office. "*
SALOON in good business location, close to
Third and Market sts. Box 2930. Call office.
WANTED — A cigar stand. Box 298Jl Call
-office.
FCR «ale — ComoWe cleaning and dytinr
works. Box 2295. Call office.
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap. 3127
Buchanan st. . ¦¦ .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
©f advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st,. opposite Fifth
Open until 11 p. m.
.. LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 H*arst building, over Examiner entrance
Modern business methods in fine front offices
Phone Black 3607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
l-P-to-dat* title abstract free with every sale
We do businei-s strictly according to law.
23 rooms; Sutter St.; rent $75- cl*ara
$100 month; well furnished; all men-
a good bargain. ($1500)
19 poms; elegant furniture: lease;
north of Market; new and the very - ¦
pink of perfection. .
32 rocms; offer wanted; 3-year lease;
sunny cine; central; transient and
I* rmanent. . , ($2000)
50 rooms; new house; new and elegant *
furnishings: S-year lease; clears
$196 mr.nth: all men roomer*. . • .
150 rot<ms In apartments; new house;
r.ewly turnUhed; full of select peo-
ple and pays big dividends.
1C roonif : housekeeping; rent $50; In-
come $112; :t blocks of Market; sun-
ny side; half cash. - " ($750;
117 rooms; rent $330; income .$800;
lease if desired; nicely located; north ' v'.."
of Market st. ($6500)
20 rooms; new house; new furniture:
rent $60;. 2-year lease; apartments; ¦
•echanics. ($1500)
21 room*: rent $70; clears $75: need .
only $500 in cash for first payment.- .($1300)
15 rooms; near Geary st. ; 5 blocks of -
Market Et.; 'sunny; first payment
$500: well furnished. ($1000)
16 rooms; north of Market ft.: 10
r.ewly. furnished. 6 —unfurnished; .
rent $45; all full. - ($500)
CO rooms; electric elevator; nice trade;
clears $300 per month; books open
for your examination. ¦ . . • • ($6000)
S5 rooms; new; corner; rent $375; In-
come $C80; 5-year lease; extra easy
term*. - . • ($0500)
53-room corner; rent $225: clears $176;
• 5-year lease; transferable; clean; re- .-
•epectable. • ¦ ... ($4000)
44 rooms; new bouse; new . furniture;
fi-year lease; electric lights; only
$1200 down.. . - ($2S00)
8 rocms; comer flat: near City Hall:
rent $30; Income $50; $200 down and
monthly Installments. • •
30 rooms;. 3 blocks north: new house;
new and elegant " furniture; long
lease; clears monthly. , ($200)
45 rooms; corner north of Market st. ;
owner out of city; a 'bargain; half :
i cash. - , -($2000)
122 rooms; corner; -all sunny rooms;
north of Market «t.: fine location;
big bargain for a lady. . ¦
$100 «as first- payment); -splendid.
, newly ' furnished little transient' '*'-¦¦-
house. ..-.,.-'¦ ¦'•'¦¦ r ($400)
A— $1000; nous? of 30 rooms. 37. beds; rent $100,
leas« of 4 years; good furniture; rooms always
occupied. See R. G. • WILKE, .26% Kearny.
16 ROOMS rent $70; long lease; furnished new;
clears $60. Call at 658 Ellis «l.
i.nnr.rvc; Horses for sai.f. —^ f ~" n :
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
86 rooms; corner; rent only $500; best down-
town house In city: electric elevator; well fur-
nichFd; suaranteed to clear $4uo to $5W per
month; books ooen for inspection; everything
in nrst-class shape; on account other business.
7-room fiat; rent ?40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building.;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
ing *B»X> per. month; every room full; will
stand the strictest investlcalion; location un-
surpasped.
10 rooms: rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house ; reduced to $1100.
106 rooms: cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to *400 per
month; eoing East.
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished; oak
furniture; Axminster carpets; beautiful flat.
162 rocms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance: cheap rent: clear-
1 ins $400 Der month: 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
15 rooms: rent $85; well furnished; all new;
$CO<> down, balance 1& per cent; fine buy; only
$ir.o.
12fl rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date bouse; all men; electric elevator.
ll_hf«; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
S-room upper flat; corner;, all sunny rooms; 1
beautiful little fiem of a home; price $750.
126 roonA; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; .beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in J30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
12 rooms: Poet; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $.V): S300 cash, balance on install- !
ments; price 5S00.
0-room. new, modern flat; 4 months: elegant-
ly furnished; ccst over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness.
50 rooms: elegantly furnished: fine location:
close in; new and modern throughout: full and
clearing $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on it asked: chance of a lifetime.
90 moms: part offices; elegant new building:
and furniture; hish-class location: beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill in
connection; best proposition in city; called
East.
13 rooms: rent $25; some housekeeping: clears
*.V>: barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
220 rooms; new. and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished ; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building: clear-
ing J400 to ?<W0 per month; obliged to 'leave
city. »
30 rooms; rent S95; fln» location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
11 rooms; rent $40; close in: oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
4fl rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel
south of Market; fine bar. well stocked: brick
electric lights: everything good con-
dition; Dart cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good • real estate for
large downtown house.
25 rooms: rent |140: hot and cold water; part
housekeeping; all fujl; clears $150 per month;
well furnished: leaving city: gift: $1200.
50 rooms; new: modern apartment-house: '10-
year lea«»; cheap rent; clearing ?250 to $300;
very, central : first-class proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern building: In
one of the best cities in Southern California;
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up to date; fl-year-lease; rent only $200; clear-
Ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 roomw; well furnlshM: first-class tran-
sient house: 2 blocks off Market: 5-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
35 rooms; rent only «S0; close in; thorough-
ly renovBted. 'putMn 'nrst-claw Condition; can
be run transient If desired; clears now $1R.-.
per month; part cash, balance time; good
money-maker.
14 rooms: cheap rent: furnished in oak; Ax-
minster and Brussels carpets: new; half cash
balance Ions: time; make offer: departure.
31 rooms: rent $110: nil light rooms: clear-
ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $S00
to get in; must leave city at once; price '$1300.
21 room.. % well furnished: fine little down-
I™" 91 " 11 house; clearing $100 per month;
obliged to leave the city: $1700. «"«">•".
20 rooms: cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture: Moquet carpets; good lease: clearing $125
per month; cash; balance time.
17 room*: rent only ?75: Ellis: oak furni-
ture: good carets: clears $60: leaves 3 rooms
ror landlady: fine opportunity to get good
house reasonable. - .
C. E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 706.
1020 Market st., opp. Fifth
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Clear titles. Reliable dealings. Easy terms
60 rocms; trado for ranch; clears $350.
14 rooms; rent $30; amazingly low price. .$350
M. rooms; rtnt $ti0; Just think! $1550
»3 rocms; rent $.'!5; one floor $1100
6 roomp; rent $20; a pick-up """ $130
20 rooms; clears $S(>; rent $40 fSoO
40 rooms; mechanics' houre; rent $C0 $1O>O
1« rooms; rent $50; clears $63; terms.! ! .$950
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $55 $1600
12 rooms; California st.; rent $50- snap $750
10 rooms; Geary St.; clears $40; rent $2s"$B0O
15 rooms; 6 unfurnished; rent $45 ${»5
35 rooms; transient; lease .1. 1500
S rooems: Post St.; rent $32; only . . '. '. .'. $»5o
12 rooms; Polk St.; partially furnished . . . .' $450
MITCHELL & CO Phone Jessie 2081
1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40; sell or exchange; price $650.
! 65 rms.: downtown house; steady; transient-
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.'
26 rms. ; choice corner rooming-house- unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well appointed housekeeping
suites; landlady must- sell; -make offer •
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
A— JOSEPH SKIRM, ROOM -72
C Eddy St.. corner Powell.
PHONE GREEN 631.
For quick results call on me. I can give you
now fume choice bargains in flats, rooming
and apartment houses. Bear In mind when
you do business through my office it Is not
necessary for you to have all the cash;- we
loan you all the money you may require Give
us a call. SKIRM. ti Eddy at.
100 ROOMS, sunny corner, rent $125 $4500
40. rooms, south of Market, rent $110.. 2000
46 rooms. Mission warm belt, rent $65. 2250
20 rooms, summer resort, rent $400 yr. 550
14 rooms, fine location, rent low. 700
Hotels and mimmer resorts.
F.ITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
62- ROOM nicely furnlehed. centrally located
house for sale. Address WILSON 409 Tay-
lor Et. " .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.'
LODGING-HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— A lodging-house of about 35 to 40
rooms. - Address box 2961. Call office.
CABI'BT liyATI^C AXDCLEaA^xq.
AIR now universally ¦ used In cleaning carpets
on floor.' without removal; price moderate
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 355-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning" Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating- mau
tresses made over. 1432 Howard.-tel.South 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & Ca'props.'
RUDOLPH * CO.. carpet-beating works; price!
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st, ; tel. Mission 26^.
'^XSHE' 8 Superior Carpet-beating Works.
833 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 26.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city or country. Pacific Collection Co 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel; Main 5680.
CUBES 'BTJFTTJBE.
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market st.; $100; rupiura
cure for $10; circular, explains; send for one.
NAPA, May 10., 1003.'
MR. A. HUNTER-*Dear Sir:
• We . are-" much pleased to inform you- that
your holder cured our' baby's scrotal' rupture.
The baby was 6 weeks old ; when -you 'fitted the
holder. Our doctor says the. parts were healed
In thirty, days. We are indeed very gratefulio
you. .Yours truly. . '
GEORGE GREEN AND WIFE.'
THE Jff CALL
JOHN D. SPESCKELS, Proprietor.
/.miss ccffiEMications taloMliclAUGmrgacapr
"W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CALL. The Operator Wilt Con-
nect Tou With the -Department You Wish.
Publication Orfice Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Sievenscn st
Delivered by Carriers 20 Cts. Per Week. 73
Cts. Tcr Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail [nclndln* Postage <Ca*h \\ lth
Order): . _
DAILY CALL (teclu^. Sunday). 1 year. . .$S.i0
DAILY CALL ilnclu'l Sunday). 6 mo* 4 <«)
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •»=
PTNDAY CALL 1 Year 2.W
WEEKLY CALL 1 Year » w
*-,_.„„•. f Daily .. .$S.60 Per Year Lx:ra
P^IaCE. l^^tS P-er £ar SS
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED I
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. «
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re- ;
<ju<»ted. —
Mail subscribers in ordering change of_ ad- I
<!ress should be particular to give both NEW j
AND OLD ADDKESS tn order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their r«-
Queit.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1116 Broaiwuy Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: j
J14S Center Street Telephone North 1 1 j
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hottl Barton j
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS^
WnJdorf-ABtoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 j
TTcion Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifta-ave- 1
nue Koifl and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: !
Eherrr.SE Hou?*-. i\ O. News Co.; Great >
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROONEPP. .Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2019.")
NEW YORK REPBESEXTATTVE.
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building j
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CABXTON Herald Square j
BUEDCEES OFFICE of the San Francisco j
Call, corner 3I«rk« and Third streets; open j
"ust;l 12 o'clock *>vcry night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1086 Market tmtt, orrosite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, cornT Clay; open i
Knril t:3U p m.
.W> Hayes stseet; open until 9:30 p. m.
«:*T> McAllister strctt: open until 9:30 p. m.
C16 L»rkin Street; open until 9:3O p. m.'
1941 Mission «-trert: ofn until l» p. m.
2201 Market street. corn»r Sixteenth; cpen .
until 9 p. m.
3f>; Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
jft'S Valencia str«-ct; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast oorner Church and Duncan streets; f
or*n until 9 r- m.
Kortfawcct corner of Twenty-yecond and Ken-
tucky streets: open ur.tll 9 p. m.
£200 Killrr.ore street; open until 9 p. m.
f~~™'~ 1 '— — ™~~~"~"^ ™~-^ — —-^»»^^ !
MEETI.NCi NOTICES.
A FTATED Fosfion of Iylam $£3&£'
Temple; a. A. O. N. M. P.. win svT *
h* he!<1 in Golden Gate Hall at V"PS? ! C^ !
7:»> oV.ock THIS (VVEDNES- A^=**i!\ '
DAY) TTVENING. /// :
J. W. ANDERSON. VI ]y j
Recorder. *
CALIFORNIA Consistory No. S, BMP
A. ar.d A. P. R.. 629 gutter st.
Odled meeting THIS (WED- Sf! _!fli TZ
Nl SDAY) EVENING at 8 £3*_£§___j9
o'clock. Thiny-weond Degree. JF^itmr = Mi '¦
VtaJUns brethren .ordially in- - i g| m [
vited. V. B. LADD. &B|bI
Master of Kaiosh.
CHAP. JELLINEK. Registrar.
CROCKETT Ivxise No. ir». F. and A. r*
M —First degree THIS «'WEDNES-^A#
IjAYi EVENING, at 7:*> o'clock. By
*M<ler of the V.\ M. ' f ;T« *
K H. McPHERSON'. Secretary.
illSSION L«l S f. Xo. 1«9 F. and A M . __ /
Cal>d mating THIS .WEDNESDAY) jftt
EVENING, at 7:3f» o'clock. First de- |/ V V
gr-f- K. E. ALLAN. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Loose .W,. 1 «.5 F. and \ «
M.— First Decree THIS (WEDXES-YV
DAY) EVE.VIXG r.t 7 :W) o'clock. /^A !
H. J. OIVEX, Secretary.
IVANHOE Lodjre Xo. 5. K. of P '
will confer the Krilght Rank Hong \*^_fc»^ |
Snra) WEDNESDAY. March 0.1304 T0fi? I
at I -thlaji Castle. !¥*»:.; Market et., j£<>_5f i
at S:30 p. m. Members of sister *^**^ I
ioages cordially Invited. R.W. BANKS CC
O. .NORCROSS. K. of R. an^ S '
tlc-n Cornpari}— The regular annual meeting of
t J?.'"°£j ;il 2i, (l€Te ofthe HDTCHDTSON SUG l\R
the office of the company, No. 327 Market
rtreft .room 4 wennd floor), in the city
snd county of <=an Francis=eo. State of Cali-
A^n*' ?2J l * ESI i AT - the ~ d *¦>' «* March.
A. D . 1904. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. rn
fcr the purpose of electing a Board of Di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year, and
for the rrenfa-nion of such other business
es may properly com* before tbe meeting
Trans'fT books will close on FRIDAY
Match 11. 1904. at 3 o'clock p. m r " llJAXl
¦ „ H. W. THOMAS,
Fecmary Hutrhlnson Sugar Plantation Com-
pany. 327 Market Hreet, San Francisco.
»-£lifomia.
Fan Francisco. Cal.. Mflrch 8. 19O4.
ACESTS WAXTED.
AGENCIES Cor every city or "the T'nionToTthe
.-I?r-]u;s Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms 414
P"?' st., Pan Francisco. Cal.
CITY outside Rahman for wholesale produce
tnn-inesB. 217-219 Sacramento *t.
AD VERTISEaiEJffT JRTKITIHO.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of jireperty three $40 scholarships in the best
ColUs* of Advtrtisin? in the United States,
2 will nell them at 2." per cent discount for
CKfh: the college teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence and assists its gr»4-
r.ifheij r>n apr'Hcatlon. Addre»« box .Trr_8.-Call.
*"I^<m:VEY?-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a email fee.
Se« me and Fave money; no pay in advance
«. W. HOWE, ATTORXEY-AT-LAW
Established 22 yrs. : rms. 1. 2, 3. 4 & 5, 1st fl
Jir2 Market «.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice tree all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor. <Titrar.ee room €11; established 20
years; all cafes, general court and office prac-
tice: no fee in advance or for consultation;
rver.lr.gs by appointment. Tel. Red 3061.
L. S. CLARK, »27 Market rt.; consultation
frw; no fees in advance; open evenings.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12: quick, quiet; advice
1 rv< ¦; open evenings. 827 Market St.. rra. 30U
nrsixEss chakces.
A. CAMERON S$ CO .TTphone^Soutn 10&0
o Eddy f>t_, cor. Market and Powell.
Ilradquartcrs for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster arid chop houses $350 to $U<00
<"an<1>- and ice cream parlors $200 to $2.VK)
Ds-ibf-r Khops ; .$500 to $2500
< :c»r stands $X5<) to f^ooo
Groceries end bars .$500 to $5000
EalooOB $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to 41000
Drug stores ; $2000 to $(5000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards .$250 to $1UOO
FOR sale — Beautiful mountain resort, less than
30 minutes' ride from depot of best interior
city in titate; irrs than 3 hours' ride from
Kan Francisco; 20 acres land; 36-room. fum.
lintel, with barns. sh»-ds. etc.; 3 years' lease-
can set longer; rental $5<X> per year; horses'
burgies, 2 cow; bar well equipped: billiard
table, piano: raises own fruit, vegetables
hay. 'chickens, etc.; big money to be made-
l>ric« *2aO<>; account death. CAMERON &.
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOK e-ale cr traie — Quartz mines; fine prospect-
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-house or buslne&E. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR tale — Well located candy store: all equip-
ment' for maKicg own candies; established 8
years: clears over $200 per month; will in-
volce about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy et,
FOR tale— One of th* best restaurants ; In city; j
•chtrzp rer.t; receipts $75 to $100 day: wil: 1
hf«r investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st.
For *a!e. or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical eupply store;"- well
located; clearing $300 per. month; nret-clasa
propctitlon;» J TV-ill etand strict Investigation;
rrk-e. »suOO. CAMERON & CO.. 2 Edtly Et.
I'ARTNER^-Saloon. bonrdlng and lodging
bouse: £1 bedt; $000.- D. M.. 120 Market st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALE.
A TRUSTWORTHY man. S3. wants position as
night watenman; can furnish references. Ad-
¦ dress J. B.. 756 Folsom st.
JAPANESE, honest boy, wants situation as
waiter on table or do school boy's work In
good family. J. HAMA. phone Polk 37Q2.
FINANCIAL.
4»$ PER CENT
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and 6
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. and L. Association. 516 California
*t A A. Watktns. president: Charles R.
Bishop, vice president; S. Prentlss Smith,
treasurer; Clarence Grange, secretary and
managing director; Gavin McNab. attorney;
George C. Boardman and Charles E- Ladd.
directors: Walter K. Smith, cashier.
Subscribed capital. $S.COO.00O: paid In capi-
ta l^LOno^OOjre_______f_r___$2W_222i-———
FEATHER RENOVATING.
Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van N'fw ave.: tel.' Howard 3167.
FLATS TO LET. _.
, ; « y.- — ;
A— HOUSES and flaU to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes FMrnitui* Co.. 243-259 G«ary
«t, on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and bouses ars
listed In our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market st; services abso-
lutely free.
FELL. C31, between Buchanan and Webster-
New sunny flat, never occupied: S rooms and
bath; every modern Improvement.
ABOUT completed: 3 modern flats. 3, S and 6
rooms. yard: rent reasonable. Corner
Twenty-fifth and Capp sts.
ELEGANT, sunny cortier flat; « rooms and
bath. 4C02 Eighteenth «t. west of Castro.
POLK. 2504. cor. Filbert— Fine sunny flat;
seven large rooms; marine view; rent, $35.
STEINER. 532-C34— Two beautiful, sunny flats.
8 rooms; rent reasonable.
VAN NESS and Union — 7 sunny rooms; all
modern; marine view. j
$20— MODERN flat. 5 rooms and 'bath: no
children. 520 Lyon, bet. Fulton and Grove.
ED.
TV\-El?rY^FIRST. 2962^3 rooms and bath,
newly furnished: modern; sunny side; very
reasonable. Call 9 to 3 p. m.
GEARY. 2103 — Newly furnished cosy flat. 2
rooms; corner: rent $33.
NICELY furnished flat. 5 rooms, bath, yard.
2514 Sutter st. ; call 12 to 3.
FLATS FOIl SALE FURNISHED.
FURNITURE, with or without piano. In »-
room house; modern; Geary at., clo«e in; rent
only $40; besides elegant living rooms can
rent for $20 over rent; a snap; from owner
direct at a sacrifice If taken this week. Box
2268. Call office.
$850— A NEWLY furnished 10-room flat, cen-
t rally located: must be sold Immediately.
Answer box 2238, Call office.
NICELY furnished, modern 9-room flat; sunny
corner. 926 Van Ness ave.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms; part rented; low rent,
$18; reasonable. 532% Bryant Bt.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — Flat. 5 or 6 rooms, with bath, be-
tween Taylor. Laguna, Turk and Geary sts.;
will buy if furnished; separate entrance.
Box 22SS. Call office. .
Fl'KMTUKB FOIl SALES.
MISSION Auction House^ — For stoves, furniture
and, household goods. 403 Valencia, cor. 15th.
Kl'KMTL'ItK WANTED.
aTwoIJUPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packi furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. I* II.
BURP, auctioneer.1818 Mkt; tel. Howard 27S«
HELP ".'ANTED FEMALE.
COOK. 6 clergymen, country $30
Cook, San Rafael $-50
4 cooks, German style, city $30-$:J.*>
Cook, 3 in family. 'country, no wash $55
See lady office 10 o'clock.
Cook. 2 In family, little washing $30
Waitress for' restaurant $S a week
Cook, email workingman's hotel $30
Chambermaid, sleep home $6 a week
Chambermaid, little washing, country $25
2 nurse girl?, city and country $25-S-'?0
Waitress, hotel, city $25
Also house girls, second girls, hotel girl and
Eirla for work of all kinds, city and coun-
try, good places, best of wages. J. F.
CROSETT. & CO.. 334 Sutter st. »
A NURSE for 2 children for San Rafael, wages
$30; a cook and second girl for small Ameri-
can family in San Mateo. wages $35 and $25;
a cook" for sm&ll American family In the
city, wages $35; a girl for housework In San
Jose. 2 In family, wages $30; 20 good house-
work girls for the city, wages $25 and $30.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st, nr. Powell.
A — LAUNDRESS. $30: nurse, 1 child 4 year*
old, $30; cook, $35; waitress, $25; dishwasher.
$20; nousekeeper, $30. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
; A — WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslns.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West 233 Geary st.. room 13.
: A — Girls to learn mlljinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers.
, salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc 1236 Mar-
ket st. cor. Jones, room 94 ; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
WANTED — 6 girls or boys to paste stickers
on too of cans. Apply 7 o'clock sharp. Em-
porium Warehouse. 731 Howard st. ; ask for
WILLIAM SULLIVAN.
NEAT girl for general housework in flat: 3
adults in family. 145 Buena Vista ave.. 1*^
blocks from Haight and Baker sts.
LADY vest maker at once; $12 a week. Apply
0 to 11 at 156 Montgomery St., room 16.
WAIST trimmers and makers. 1037 Post
atreet
GIRL for eeneral housework; wages $25. 1317
. Caroline st.. Enclnal station. Alameda,
WANTED — Woman to do light housework and
plain cooking. 720B Union st.
AN experienced maker and apprentices wanted
in millinery store. «02 McAllister st.
WOMAN for general housework: 3 In family;
references. 2202 Devlsadero st.
GIRL to take care of 2 children; references.
3043 California St., corner Lyon.
EXPERIENCED accountant and cashier; quick
and accurate; references. Box 4526, Call.
GIRL for part housework: must be good cook:
no washing; from 10 to 2. 2346 Jones; $25.
' WANTED — Housekeeper; middle-aged lady pre-
ferred; two In family; washing put out ex-
cept small pieces; references. Box 1071. Call
office. Oakland.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
, Chutes 6 p. m. ' Wednesday: salary no object.
GIRL for general housework; wages $25. 862
Lombard st.
WANTED — Pants finisher. 410 Kearny stT,
room 32. ' ' ¦ .
GIRL for plain cooking and general house-
work. 1700 O'Fairell st.
GIRL fo* nlaln cooking and assist in general
housework. 3823 Nineteenth st. '
WANTED — First-class waist and coat hands.
J. BAER. 1200 Geary st
A VEST operator: steady work; good wages.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary «t
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for- the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened "at 1008 Market at.' opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. •
HELP WAXTED-MaU
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCyT~~^ ™° ™"
14 Third at; phone Bush 403.
NEVADA.
Government • Job.' - ' ¦ . 8 hours.
10 .teamsters. $2 a day.
10 laborers. $2 a day.
5 drillers; $2 50 a day.
CHEAP; FARE. .
Sawmill blacksmith, $50 and found; mill-
wrlght; sawmill. $70 and found.
A— HOTEL OAZETTE, 23 Montgomery, r. 12_.
Walter for help's .hall. $25: ,5 colored wait-
ers. $2o: night clerk, $30; colored head
I waiter. S35.
EDUCATIONAL Con tinned.
THE Lyceum, an. accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor: day and evening sessions. * Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk et..
bet. Pine and California; classes now open.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano $3 per mo.;
mandolin clnb $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
' ESPANOL — Metodo practlco y progreslvo.
__Rafael Serrano. 530 California, cuarto nm. 4.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION- Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St. — Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH.French.etc. Prof.DeFilippe'sAcademy
of language: 320 Post: estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
KMl'LOYMEKT OKl'ICES.
GEORGE AOKlT^MPost 7t?TTe7.~Bush~i35^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Of floe— Japanese-
Chlneae help. 420 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seunge. 411 % O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and. Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel Main 1997. BRADLEY &. CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A NEAT young second girl, city references,
can do sewing, wishes situation; can be seen
at J. F. cnOSETT & CO.'S. 334 Sutter at.
COMPETENT, middle-aged German woman;
good cook; will do light washing; wishes po-
sition in small family; city or country; car
fare. 794 Folsom st.
BY a German girl, housework of any kind: in
. private family. Apply at 32S JesBle st, bet.
Fourth and Fifth.
SITUATION as housekeeper or take care of
Invalid lady; wages no less than $30; refer-
ences. 2H22 Bush st.
AMERICAN woman wants'" housekeeper's posi-
tion 'or cooking; neat and reliable; city or
j country. -Address Housekeeper, 200 Eddy St.
COMPETENT girl wants a situation to do
¦ second work In American family. 100S Mar-
ket st . box 25.
A COMPETENT" woman wishes work by the
day. Address box 4542, Call office.
YOUNG lady with experience as bookkeeper
wishes position in office. Box 4543, Call.
FRENCH girl wishes to do general house-
work; references. Call Branch, 2200 Flllmore.
RESPECTABLE young married woman of ex-
perience, no Incumbrances, wishes to take
charge of rooming-house or run on commis-
sion; Oakland preferred. Box 1070, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
A CARE-TAKER, at present employed in
country, wishes houee to care for in city
or elsewhere after April 1; bent references
given. Address M. M., Ross, Calif., P. O.
box 12.
DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker; first-
class cutter and fitter; only first-class work
done at home; few more engagements per
day in private families. Box 4533. Call.
SITUATION, wanted by Swedish girl for gen-
eral housework or cooking; good cook. Ap-
ply 312 Vi Clementina it, near Fourth;
waces ?30.
DRESSMAKER would like more engagements
by the day or will take work home; guaran-
tee good fitting. 403 McAllister et; tel.
Folsom 3485.
PROFESSIONAL nurse wishes care of invalid
at $40 per month, or confinement cases at $15
per week. Address MRS. H. H. B., 1836
Hyde st.
YOUNG girl would like to take care of child:
' sleep home. Call Tuesday at 3223 Twentieth
St.; wages $10 to $12.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation in small
family; housework; is a good cook; wages
$20. 1274 Howard st, near •Ninth-
A MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes to assist in
light housework; Is good nurse to children
and good mender. Address 162 South Park.
EXPERIENCED and partly trained nurse de-
sires care of invalid; $35 per month. Box
2293, Call office.
FINNISH girl wishes position for general
housework in small family. Apply 1131%
Harrison st. '
A LADY will work afternoons: dressmaking
or seamstress; 6Oc. Box 4 "32, Call office.
A LADY wishes laundering to do at home.
Phone Fell 1041.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken I for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office-, 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
ALL-ROUND handy, reliable, middle-aged man
. (with family) desires steady work or any po-
sition of trust. 2 Hampton court, rear 60S
Harrison st.
! ATTORNEY, who Is also experienced office
man. bookkeeper, correspondent. business
manager, etc., will accept position with cor-
poration. Box 4527. Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY man (38) wants position as
night watchman; can furnish references.
Address I. B.. 7*0 Folsom at.
WANTED — By a boy from the country, with
some experience, a situation In a tailor shop.
Address box 4545. Call office. V
BARBER — First class, sober, wants first-class
job; state wages. Address Barber, box 4525,
Call office.
BARBER would like steady Job. Please ad-
dress THEO WUESTEMAN. 369 Bartlett st.
MAN wants olace on ranch (wife also If de-
sired); understands horses, cattle, Rheep or
Ken*ral farminsr: pome knowledge of fruit;
able to 'take 'full charge; capable of manag-
ing largo place; best references. Address,
with r'articulars. HENRY ROBINSON.
South Berkeley.
WANTED — Position by competent and reliable
man; understands care of horses, cows, etc. ;
good gardener and handy with tools; refer-
ences. Address 1105 Twenty-eighth st, Oak-
land. . r
*KEL1ABLE and experienced young man wants
position as collector for large and well-
established business house; straight salary
preferred: best of references furnished. Ad-
dress 2148 Market st, Oakland. Cal.
WILLING and obliging young man. high
' school education, wants position. 17 Metro-
politan ave., off Eighth, bet. Harrison and
; Bryant sts. .-
RELIABLE, steady young man wishes situa-
tion for half ¦ days;, no Janitor work; refer-
ence. Address H. E. II., 1522 Railroad ave..
Alameda. - -
STENOGRAPHER and office assistant: 5
months' experience: best references: salary
$40 a month. Address 110 Eddy st., room 15.
GOOD, middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Inquire at New Atlantic Hotel.
207 Montgomery ave. , .
YOUNG man with experience would, like posi-
tion riding or working In stable; city or coun-
try. Box 4537, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes clerical position In some
wholesale or retail house; best of references.
: Box 4529. Call office. ,
POSITION ' by a male nurse to take care of !
invalid gentleman, or give massage. Box
2466. Call office. .. • '-¦
A FIRST- CLASS. French and Italian cook
wishes position In private family or small
hotel; country preferred. Eox 2341. Call.
WANTED — A ppeltlon as canvasser, advertiser
along the I ideal or the practical. Address
JOHN HORAN. '. 614 Howard st
BAKER wishes position as second hand on
cakes, at pnee; in or out of city. Address
box 2253. Call. ,
A YOUNG man would like a position as a col-
lector; can give best of references and cash
, bonds.. Address box 2256. Call office.
THE great modern cutter and fitter wishes a
position as a tailor; 14 years' experience; in
country or' city. • 430 Natoma st. city.
ENGINEER desires position, either steam, gas.
ollne, electric , or- refrigerating; references
given.' Address box 2416. Call office. - •
EXPERIENCED grocery I clerk wishes steady
pcsltlon. Box 4538. Call office. • .
A ' STRONG Japanese wishes • position ' to . do
laundry In private family; good experience.
K1NU. 465 Jessie st. ' ' , V
GOOD Japanese wants situation t(4 do cooking
and housework In city. "1109 Pierce st; tel.
Scott 1785. * f r
A JAPANESE ,,boy would . like a • position • as
I schoolboy; • understands'- cooking; - good - Eng-
lish;- best reference. .• H. G., 1543 Larkin st.
JAPANESE gentle boy wants a position walt-
. . . Ing and housework; good family.' T.'.T., 849
, : Buah st. - '. - ¦ - - ¦ . ¦ :
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN; wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium;. readings dally, $1: de-
veloping class Thursday 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
SEER. Egyptian Hindoo occult reader: dally
clr.Wed..Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; 10c. 326W_ElHs.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing, se-
' ance Wednesday evening, 50c. 328 Ellis st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night
at 8 o'clock. $1. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. LESTER. 9«3 Mission; life reader, busi-
ness medium: wad. daily; cir. to-night, 10c.
ELSIE BRAUN. renowned psychic.My readings
demonstrate, my wonderful powers. 8S6 Bush.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
9:30 to 4; feancea Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
Flate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CLAim'OYAA'TS,
. • : t
PROFESSOR ALBERT C. VICTOR,
The Famous
PALMIST AND CLAIRVOYANT.
Special Reduction for Three Days.
50 cents— His $5 Reading for— 50 cents.
Free Test! Free Test! Free Teat!
A Free Test to All Who Come Prepared to
Have a Reading.
Without asking a question he tells you your
name, your mother's maiden name, the name
of the one you love, tells you your age and
what you called for, without asking a. single
question.
THERE IS NO AFFAIR of Importance-
past, present or future — but what Professor
Victor's occult eye can plainly reveal. He will
point out the way that will lead to success in
business, speculations, investments, love, ceurt-
shlp, matrimony, divorce or anything you may
be in trouble about. •
Unlike impostors and pretenders, Professor
Victor takes no money in advance and posi-
tively refuses to accept any fee if you are not
entirely satisfied. -AH business strictly con-
fidential. Hours from 0 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally
and Sunday. 700 Post st.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at once and save $4.
His former $5 readings this week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
You consult him. ?'
(Ycu to b» full Judge.)
PAUL DESTINE,
. The first registered trance clalryovant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
ise to tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or false: tell whom and when you
will marry, in fact I •will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself: I restore lost affections, reunite the ,
separated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful In life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and burled -treasures and insure you success
or charge nothing for ,my services; 10 a. m.
¦ s to 8 p. m. ; Sundays 2 to 6.
326— O'Farrell St.— 326.
PROF. .CLARK. THE GREATEST HYP-
NOTIC CLAIRVOYANT OF THE AGE AND
HUMAN X-RAY, WILL GIVE DAILY
READINGS AT THE PARLORS OF THE
INSTITUTE OF PSYCHOLOGY. 521 GOLD-
EN .GATE AVE.,' ON BUSINESS. POLI-
TICS AND ALL IMPORTANT AFFAIRS
IN LIFE; DIAGNOSES DISEASES ACCU-
RATELY AND LOCATES FOREIGN SUB-
STANCES IN THE HUMAN BODY.
PROF. HENKEL OF THE INSTITUTE
TEACHES HYPNOTISM. DEVELOPS
• CLAIRVOYANT AND CURES LIQUOR.
TOBACCO AND MORPHINE HABIT AND
STAMMERING, AND ALL FEMALE ILLS
WITHOUT DRUGS.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 1? >Thtrd St.. next Examiner bldg.;
she reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future; if you are in trouble, discontented, or
not satisfied with life, or have domestic, love
or business troubles, consult this great medium
and you will be told how to overeome them;
valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c up;
satisfaction guaranteed; readings by mail. Tel.
Black 4569.. ¦ ¦
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
¦ St., cor. Turk: private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; fwnd lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
AA— MME. RAVENNA, formerly of 5 Fourth
St., has permanently moved to her new and
elegant offices. 835 Howard St., bet Fourth
and Fifth; thanking her many patrons and
soliciting their further patronage; business
. advice; originator of natpeu given; full life
reading, 50c until further notice.
A — Miss M. Wille, 400 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; ppeclal, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted, clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG, palmist clalr-
voyant, card reader: when others fall try me;
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G.aVe.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26*4 Kearny, room 20; ladies, 25c; genta, 50c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card: reader, re-
moved from 132 Cth to 23H 6th; 1. 25c, g. 50c.
MRS. BAUMANN. tbe well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis St.
MRS.' SHAFEU, clairvoyant,' card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 448% .Tegple st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
1 DKVNSTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ar?
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
ANEW plate — The Whalebone^ — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings^ 50c:
plates. . $5; full set; all work- painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1SH Polk st.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 35c crowns, $2; no
paln;cyen Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors.235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up;fllllngs,25c.
ARTHUS CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist,r.l4,lst
floor, Phelan hid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
»>KK.*SMAKKUS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and kntfe-plalting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel.Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millnery School —
¦ Pattterns cut to measure: eve. class 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. .
WRITE to California Business College for In-
formation, concerning February club . dls-
- count: on moving into our new and elegant
building we want £00 students; ¦ come and
join the- great school of the West; 75-page
catalogue. 901-025 Golden Gate ave.-; ¦
AYRES, the leading huslness college, 723 Mar-
I ket t-t.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters ; catalogue free. ;
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE.' 24 POST.'.S.
F. — Bookkeeping. . nhorthand. j touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good posUion; Gregg
shorthand, Ellis. bookkeeping. S. "F. Business
College; 1238 Market st
STAMMERERS taught to talk; no drawl;"
singsong or motions. Call or write Natural
Speech Academy, ¦ 1030 East ; Twenty-eighth
*. st, Los Angeles, Cal. , ¦ / • '
SOCIAL 'dances Wed., Thurs., Sat and Sun.;
classes Mondays, Fridays.' . Louise Foster's
School of Pancln*.' 1556 Market nr. Larkln.
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business. College on
a'dvice of official court reporters and be con-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
WESTERN. Business College ;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping. . shorthand touch typing, arlth..
spelling, "writing, etc. ; day eve. ; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes& Electricity. 24 Post
; t st.. S. F. ; a practical .- school of engineering;
complete * equipment. Special r catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, rain., mech.; su^
vey; assay. . cyanide: .day, ev. ; est 1864. Van
;.' der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton.* nr. City HalL
BANJO, ¦ - v mandolin and •-, guitar- thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice.' i62 Geary «t
A-MURRAY & READY. _ o|O R:!4 - 6:5i5 Clay *
Phone Main o*4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
DO YOU SPEAK
Italian. G»rrn«r.. Spanun,
Greek. French. owiss.
Reduced Rates. *¦__?»
Ch**p r ar»» w»
Nevada. ~ \-* . , Nevada.
To Nevada State. j_—
8 hour* day. Government Work. S hours oay.
2.1 teamsters: ship to-night; $2 day.
10 laborers; ship tonight. .
Rockraen, drillers. Irrigation ditcB.
Government Work.
gbtp To-night.
Miners. Tunnelmen. Driller*.
« machine miners, sold mtn». California. $00.
5 miners, hanj work, gold mine. $f*2 00.
R««-k breaker man. $75: skip tender. S73.
Timhermnn. $$*». concentrator man.'}*).
Tocl sharpener and blacksmith, small mln«.
To Ariiona.
Ship To-night.
Close to Prescott; 610 miles; $3 1»
BOO laborers, drillers, rockmen, etc.
Prescott, Ariiona — Ship Dally.
READ THESE
CAREFULLY.
BUTCHERS—
Butcher, ccuntry Bftop. good Job, <33 and
found: butcher, country ahop. |W and f?und;
slaughter butcher, ranch, $30 and found: 3
stablemen, $."0 to $35 and found; milker and
wife, Sonoma County: farmer and w^fe.
south, good Job. $43 anJ found; 5 laborer*
for woods. $30 and found: 2 young men.
bowling alley; drill sharpener. -mine; cement
finisher. $4 50 day; farmers, choremen. milic-
ers, $25 to $15 and found; 15 Italians. Ger-
mans or Austrians to chop wood. Trucke*
district,, good layout; 5 men to make posta
and cut ecrdweod, north.
2 miners, hand work, boss here. $30.
Iran drive milk wason. milk 13 cows, $30
and found.
MILKERS.
2 milkers. Oregon, fire paid, boss here, $33
and found.
10 milkers, all over north, south, east. $30
to $.'.."> and found.
Gardener, nursery, fare Soc. $13 week.
Chorrboy, millionaire's residence, $13 and
found.
Ijiundryman. $13 w«ek.
Experienced man, care of stallions, $30 and
frund.
Cirpenter, hous*. barns, etc., $73.
SPECIAL. >
2 car repairers, dump cars. Nevada, $00.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
14 conk». hotels, ranches, mines. $30 to $63;
9 waiters, hell and elevator boys. $13 to %\O
and fount] ; tt dishwashers, kitchen bands,
etc., $15 to $30 and found.
IllrjtllAT & READY. 634-636 Clay »t
MAN and wife, private family. $3O found:
carpenter for sawmill. 565 board: log declc
man, S4Q board: blacksmith and saw filer.
$45 to $."i> board: harnessmaker. $2 to $2 SO
day: milkers; tlrah»r feller, $65 board; 2
hotel cooks, $40; restaurant cook. $10 week:
and ethers. J. F. CROSETT «fc CO., 623
Sacramento st.
A FIRST-CLASS coachman for a private fami-
ly tn the country; $50 a month, beard and
room; must show letters of recommendation
from his last place. Ca.ll after ft a. m..
MISS PLUNKETT.423 Sutter St.. nr. Powsll.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 3.1;
citizens of United States, of good character
and temperate hablta, who can speak, read
iri! writs English. For information apply t.>
Recruiting Officer. Rlalto building. Net*
Montgomery st.. San Francisco, or 102S Sec*
onii st.. Sacra nrento.
A— V h
Men to learn the barber trado In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 635 Clay st.
WASTED — Man to act as stock clerk and
porter in wholesale crockery honse; give ex-
perience, reference and wages expected. Box
432S. Call offlc.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot- form shoes at $2 SO or
orthopedic shoes,$3 CO; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam, bldg.. 3 door» from Market.
A TYPEWRITER reoalrer to tak» chants of
repair department. CUNNINGHAM. CTTR-
TISS tt WELCH.
150 YOUNO men. 18 yearf of age. to organs
military organization. Call S. SZANIK. 473
Valencia st.. between 8 and 8 p. m.
COATMAKER for inside to do bushellng.. 425
Montgomery st.
PICTURE -framer: also a learner. JONES.
1514 Park st.. Alameda.
YOUNG man to drive wagon and mak* him-
self useful In meat market. Box 22S9, ciill.
GOOD errand boy. 641% Stevenson at: $4. •'
WAXTED — Clerk in drug store. Inquire 11
a. m.. NE. cor. Ellis and Mason sts.
LUNCH waiter for small restaurant. 23S5
Market st., near Sixteenth.
BARBER wanted. 291 Seventh st.
BARBER wanted for short hours. 209 Tltfrd
street. t
BARBER wanted. 127 Clay st.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber thojK 1343
Devlsadero at., near Post.
WAXTED — An elevator boy. 28 Stockton st.
BOY wanted. BOWEN A SON, 833 Mission «t
BARBER— Want to buy 1-chalr country shop.
E. ZIORNKA. 777 McAllister st.
WANTED— Those who served In the TJ. S. Vol-
unteers In the war with Spain and th« Philip-
pine rebellion to apply for two months' extra
pay. which is now due. For particulars, call
or address F. B. WILSON, 456 Parrott bldg..
San. Francisco, Cal. ; open from 9 a. m. to 3
P. m. ¦:¦:'.„;
WANTED — First-class silk and dress gocda
salesman: one capable of taking- charge of
stock and who is witling to go to a city not
far from San Francisco. Apply bet-ween 9
and 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS.'
BARBERS, take notice — The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 0 City Hall sq.. or 1304 Market st.
Journeymen Barbers' Union. Local 143. JOS.
R. BLEILY. Secretary.
WANTED — Young man who Is thoroughly ex-
perienced In laces and notions to go to
lA<a AnE»le» must be cpoabl- of taUins
charre of stock. Apply bo* 4534. CaJl.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade in the most practical school; po-
sitions found. WESTERN COLLEGE OF 1
BARBERS. 847 Commercial at.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
- 217 Third st ; 230 rooms; 23c to 50c per night.
WANTED — A porter and bootblack at Arena
Barber Shop; union shop. 1161 Jefferson st
Oakland.
BAP.BERS — 3-chair. well paying city barber
shop tvr sale. Inquire WILL & FINCK 23
O'Farrell at.
BARBERS— Two or* three chair shop wanted.
with living rooms. Address box 23, IOCS
Market st. /
WANTED— First-class solicitors for perma-
nent business; excellent opportunity; must
furnish references. Box 2332. Call.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. : It
years' practice; reference* from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
TRY our men's Shoes. . union made, at $1 and
$1 5O pair; foot- form shoes at $2 50: we pay
express or main charges. 11 "a st.. Exam. bid.
WA NTF. I>- Cashboys at B. N. WOOD A
CO.'S. 740 X'arket st
COLLEGE barber: wages, room and board un-
til first v-la«.« for $5O cash. Box 2454. Call.
WANTED — First-claiS woo«l carver. 53U
Brannan st., city.
GERMAN: steady; reference; handy: ten bar,'
winehouse; married preferred. Box 2281, Call.
BARBERS — 3-chair shop fcr sale: cheap. 607
Lagona st.. near Hayes.
TWO-CHAIR barber «hcp for sale; rent 7.
Apply 222 GouKh >t.. near Fell.
YOUNG men. sailors and green hands for
steamers. 517 Jack;cn st.
YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters.
green hands, for ships. DENT'S. 2R Steuaxt.
PANTSMAKER for country. Apply REloS
BROS, tt CO.. 21 Sutter st.
Pension \Atty., E. A. Bullis, r. 40. Phelan bld<.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G- A. r]
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — TOO rooms; 33c night; reading - rooms ¦
It** 'bus and baggage to and from ftrty.
YOU DON'T NtTD . A FORTUNE TQ PLACE AN AD IN THETHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, KlARCH 9, 1904
13
TTn.r \V*.\TFD MAIX Con tinned.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition ln S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard «t.
A BRANCH off.ee of The Call for the reception
ft advertisement* and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market rt.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADYEnTIPEMnNTS. fubfcriptlons received at
Os.ll Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL fiies racn'f *hoes, slightly damaged, half
pr;ce. 5f3 Mission Ft., bet 1st and 2d ets.
GET your •¦iwf half-soled while waiting: 25c
t" r.fv- V< Mirgion rt.. b»-t. 1st and 2d »ts.
help w a xrr ed— salesmen.
SALESMAN wanted to eell r«tent article,
also State and county, with right to rr.ar.u-
faetur*; principal feature an excellent ad-
wrttetaff modium; big money fcr a man of
genuine ability. Address P. O. box 114,
South Brrkeley.
WK *«nt four bright canvassers to learn to
h*\] White tewtng machines; eslary ar.d pre-
mium to live men. Apply from % to 9 a. m.
and T> to C p. m. at S00 Pest et.. White Sew-
ing 1 Machine Company.
HOUSES AND WACOSS.
REQULAR auction sales of horses. buggleiT
wagons and harness every Monday at 11
cVlock at CIS EXOm St.; all horses guaranteed
to be ag represented. S. WATKINS Auc-
tioneer. Phone East 743. '
ATTTION care of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. £27 Sixth ft.; every horse mu«t be
a* represented or r-ioney refunded. JOHN J.
Auctioneer.
OSCK 4-tqn platform, gear springs and m-heels
and n'e»; 20 business buggies; rubber t'.re
read buggies and furrey. 1504 Folsom et.
¦WAVTEP— A good, sound driving hnrse for
city us»: Ftate age and price asked. Box
2TO4. Call office.
HORSH for sale 7 r»«r» ol£: good, true work-
er: 1200 lbs. Box 2923. Call office.
FOR SALE— Light delivery wagon, used very
little. Bex 2t£2. Call office.
I CT1IX pivo rapture to two horse* for the
uge of one; light driving. Box 2945. Call.
WANTED — To buy a light business buggy;
trust b« ln good condition. Box 2964. Ca'l.
A LIGHT grocery wagon for sale cheap. 1219
Pierce et.
ArCTION' every Tuesday, 11 a. m.. of horses,
wagony ar.3 harness, at 1140 Folsom ft.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
end go-cart for sale, cheap. 532 Mission St.
FOR SALE — Horse. 5 years old; sorrel; gentle
and ilioroufhly broke to buggy. Box 2917,
Call offic-e.
Largest aescrtmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rry.harnpyt.work.drlvir.g hcrs°>. 15th- Valencia.
nOl'SES TO LET. ~
A — PRINTED list of bouses to let; eecl for clr-
cular. G. H. CMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
MCALLISTER. 1263—12 rocma. bath and bll-
Jiard-rcxjm: $€0; water free; modern.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to Vt. BALDWIN & HO WELL. 25 Post st.
HOISKS TO LET KLKMM1EI).
Ft'RXISHED HOUSE TO I.KT. "
Handsomely furnished house of JO room* and
lath; bon ton block of Sacramento rt. ; beau-
•iful prounc's; iarg» conservatory; lease to
¦>s!rahlft tenant. SPECK & CO., 209 Mont-
gomery (t,
A SPLENDID location; 19 rooms; nicely fur-
rlfhtd: barTEiri 1555 Octav'.a «t..cor.Sutter.
flOVSR* FIRMSHEU FOll SALE.
jijO: MUST tell to-day; parties going away;
*-rccmed house; new fuieiture. !009 Sut-
ler st
FOR saje — Furnlujr*' o f S-rocm house; very
reasonable. 420 Turk st.
FOIi SALE— Furnished house. 9 roomy; bar-
F*:n. clfan; going away. ."05 Golden Gate av.
LOST A.ND KtllJxX)
LOST— A passbook with the HibernTii Sav-
i;ips an-! Loan Eortety of fian Francisco In
the n:rnf or ALBERT ECKMAX, No.
l:r.- -'.:**:.. 7 he firxjer will please return to
h 3!-k. ... . . . -
Ll.^T— ON Orant aw.-O Karr*!l. Tuesday
momsng. 1 :30 o'clock, gold locket, diamond In
¦ <rter. and told chain: $20 reward: keepsake.
Hcturn to Third *t.
LOST— A brown Scotch collie; license tag on
I*;:. .No. 4M!t; antnerE to name of "iShep."
I'ieas* return to 212U Central ave.: liberal
reward.
LOFT— r.Iack enameled four-Jeaf clover pin
wltf, rtmmrnd in center. flO reward if re-
turned to office of White Hous*. I'ost and
Knarry *ts.
LO5T — 4-ieaf clo\-er set in gold rim going from
I'olk and i'ost tr> Oeary and Jones. Reward
for rfturn to 1019 Post St.
1/"'?T— Female fox terrier. -Res?." near Pra-
t.-er'?: lloer.se No. 131.1. P.eturr. to 014 Mar-
ket *t. cr 122 Haicht St.: reward.
LT»«T— Large Newfoundland do«; color, black;
answers to name of Rube. Return to 1S32
Jackson St.; reward.
LOST cr Molen— From 3440 Clay *t., white
Ancora baby cat; blue eye*; deaf; reward
for return. Phone West 40S.
LOFT — Gray leather bag containing purse. 4
rir.ps check and papers; reward $50. C. L.
207 Crocker building.
MEDICAL.
LAPIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
method? ere always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
. exorbitant f»res; 17 years' experience In all
female disorders; call or write without delay;
advice free: correspondence confidential.
LR. WHITE, 702 Market St.. rooms 7 aad 8.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all female
comijlaints and irregularities; Instant relief
ruarar-teed: 30 years' experience. 8T« Post st.
MRP DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe- ,
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
Ilef guaranteed: lOCS^ Market St.. opp. 5th,
DS. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfertu-
r.ate heiped; the most difHcult cases treated;
advice tree. Office. 1018 Market et.
Jire. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van* Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief-
treatrr.f-nt flO; hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' exper!
*5*: U ALLEN, ins Market— Reliable ladles'
eperialirt: a private home before and during
_J^g5*rn*st; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Our month!? regulator never falls:
box free, vita CO.. Ftation A. Detroit. Midi.
DR. en 1 MUS. DA VIES and HIXDOO HERES-
cr.g:r.al method of treatment. 1128 Market st.
DR r.v nr . iS ? N •*¦**«¦ FolFom «U corner
Jl.h; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
D "n£n G TOY KE E. 319 Po We n «.. opposite
- nion fgunr*-. 6 ;i digeasrs cured by herbs.
y^^JlVJ^Efn-g VOn SALE..
B< SrJ^.' SE?S 2d - h and~rcach7ae^rM^IxI
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont rt.
DOES f OUR ROOF LEAK? " "~~ —
Repair Jt with tlatertte; In rolls easy to lay
¦ "«£f* t"J° pslnt ' n t e or ««tlng; good over old
5ron. tin or shingles; best for new, roof*
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st!
CD-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps
™ T' SfSHSE * tc r etc " «»»««. sow.
JT^^StiS^SfS^ ree Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHT. Ca.^po-iat BealVet.
V Vr^l Tt 1 " ? ld w an<1 R «"~«neta7 and 'iThlir"gIe
n^i tel w Roof Palnt; Kuaranted
«i« ll i* aks ln the on «" and preserve the
¦fl!M- 2<u Fropt rt -' tel - Main 1428.
*7r F i X w!Lf ult "' * 7 ™- <5re » Pant*. $2 50. Orlgl-
£.,*££ CIolWn « Parlors. 258 Kearny et..
_aear_Luth : open to » p. m.. Sunday to noon.
'tS'KS? or r * nt * * ear machinery, en-
\LTnriATION sale-Bert f 2 50 hats Jl 50
IZ ? o r nen r ,n% Ha " er ' 33 ° *««£«.. neVr
P*ne. open to 9 p. n>. : Sundays to noon.
charge,. U rt .. E V an^' b ™. £*£, «P««
, IGAN - MB Webner. Tel. Jackson 132L
d . wmoad rtns at » «acrifice. 10 Sixth
EncycJapedia Brlttnnlca; Scribner edition- h.77
morocco. Klrg'. Old Bookstore. ClMcA?.',.^^
GASOLINE engines bought, sold exch*nir«i
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co.. 254 B^e st^*
APARTMENT HOUSES— Continued.
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments; 3 and 4 room* each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc.; unfurnished or furnished to
order; new house.- The St. Charles. 1560
Sacnrmento St.. near Larkin.
ST. CECILE, 115 Fell, above Van Ness — The
of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
eric lights, elevator, gas ranges : |30 to $55.
Ft. Andre. 1230 Pine— New management, superb
aptmts;strictly first-class ;steam heat: electric
lights ;priv.;phone:eler. :1 to 4 rms. ;with prlv.
bath; furn. or unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR, prop.
ST. LOUIS. 1675 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms; also single ; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phone East 1350.
HADDON HALT*.
961 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
WANTED — A well furnished apartment of 3
rooms; must have all modern conveniences.
Box 2046. Call office.
A 3-ROOM apartment wanted, furnished. Ad-
| dress box 2902. Call office.
ROOMS TO I.KT — Fnrn. anit Vntnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furntture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; -prices from $150 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25e to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
: light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
i Fifth *t.) — Rooms, 25c. 50c. $1. $1 5O night;
| $1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ALL newly furnished, beautiful rooms at the'
Waverly rooming house. 841 O'Farrell st. ¦
BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. 13(M>— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMM1NGS (The)T«lH Post. nr. Taylor— Jurt
opened ; desirably located ; sunny, single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam beat, electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 If deslrvd.
EDDY. JMHt-A few nicely furnished sunny
rms.: reasonable: private fam.; tel. Hyde 4064.
ELLIS. 611— Nicely /urnlshed suite, suitable
for 4 gentlemen or 4 ladles; phone and bath.
FERN HALL. 812 Bush — Elegantly furn. rms.;
all sunny: terms reasonable; references.
FOR single 'gentleman. In private home (no
other roomers), a large, sifnny. furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 Mocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2C24, Call office. .
FRANKLIN. 317 — Furnished front room for 1
or 2 rents; modern; very .reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. Golden Gate ave.— 8unny
furnished front room; all conveniences. $8.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Booms 35c
* ts $1 2fi night: $1 SO to $S wk. : reading-room.
GOUGH. 1309 — Sunny front room to gentle-
man; also side room: rent reasonable.
GRANT ave.,7 — Nicely furnished front suite;
also single rooms; $2 50 to $7 week.
HOWARD. 640— Large sunny front room, suit-
able for two; respectable people wanted: $9
month.
HYDE. 1408 — Two large, unfurnished, sunny
rooms; us* of bath; $12. .
LARCHMONT. 3S1 Sutter— Nicely furnished
sunny suite with private bath; also single.
MISSION S-17A— Furnished rooms by the day,
week of month: prices reasonable. (^
POST, C31 — One or two sunny rooms to let;
rent $6 50 and $».
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, srooking-tocm and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
flocr; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
STOCKTON. 41 and 43 — Nicely furnished sun-
ny suite: also single rooms: $1 50 to $S week.
SUTTER. 400 — A bay-window unfurnished
sunny suite for gentlemen. .
TAYLOR. 621. corner Sutter— Newly furnished
sunny front rooms; reasonable.
TAYLOR. 1311 — Large sunny furnished rooms;
desirab> location; walking distance: dinners.
THE PIERRE. 57f> O'Karrell— New. modern,
up-to-date rooms; central; $12 to $20."
UNITED~STATEs7 t2.VEd<Jy.~ near" Market— 4C0
rooms. 33c to $1 night. "51 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), ruuning water In every
room: elevatar.re.»d.-r.>om: free bus; baggage.
VAN NEP3 ave.. 519— Elegant front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN WINKLE. 207 Jones — Nicely furnished
rooms, $2: ?unny si:it<-.«. $5 per week: baths.
WASHINGTON. 14C2 — Large sunny front room
for 2. with or without board.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market—
Mr-st convenient a^d respectable; 7C0 rooms:
3.V to $1 .V) night: $2 to $S week: elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room: free biw: baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric Hfht In every
room; I.'.p to $1 a night: 75c to $3 a week;
open all night; convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan X- Church sts.
noow* \xn m>\ui>.
~~ HOTEL HATTON
977 Pine, near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences: excellent table.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 700.
EARLCOURT
1011 PIKE 8T.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPENING: EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCE.
ATHERTON (The). 1C61 Octavia, near Sutter—
Large, sunny, airy suites and single rooms;
lawn; excellent board; reas. rates. \
» HOTEL ELSMERE. 41S Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table; from $40; single $23.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714^Elegantly furnished
suites, witn batas: also single; homelike.
ROOMS let with beard and comforts of a
home; reduction to students. 570 Harrison.
ROO3JS AXI> HOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Board and rooms for husband and
wife In a prlrate family In the country,
close to city, on car line; small country
home preferred, where, they have their own
fruit orchard, chickens, cows, etc.: state ac-
commodations and rates. Box 2939, Call.
WANTED^ — Two nicely furnished rooms, mcr!-
ern. with good board. In a private family,
for a man and wife. Address box 290.1. Call.
STkTTKRlAG AND STAMMKKI.tft.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
in every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cur*.
~~ MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Leonard R. Wllcox. .21. Berkeley, and Alta
M. Anderson. 17. Elk.
Soule A. Putnam. 45. 59TO' O'Farrell street,
and Ida M. Luchslnger. 23. Sacramento.
Stephen E. Thompson. 54. New Haven. Conn.,
and Minnie T. Bird. 44. New Haven. '
Harry Jackson, • 33. ' city, nnd Marguerite
Jones, 25, city.-
Harry W.. Leonard, 26. Sacramento, and Ella
I. Jones."* 19. 3C80 Sixteenth street.
Henry A. Rodrlguea, 18. IGOOl* Powell street,
and Mary Suare*. 15. 1(HXH$ Powell. . .
Jor«f Merkt. 2S. 333 Eddy street, and Zltba
Beck. 2tt. 383 Eddy.
John Reed.' 53. Vallejo, and Margaret Kauf-
man. 61:' Vallejo.
Fred B. SUrryhne. Zd. Sf.6 Geary street, and
Sablna R. Smith. 2«, 7S1 Sutter.
Yow Num. 28. 910 Stockton street, and Chin
Teu Ylng. 23, 920 Sacramento.
ElRTBS-MARPJAQES^EAm
Birth, marriase and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication office* and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per>
sees autborixed to hav* the same published.
i .Noticf s restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published ence Is this column
free of charge. '
BORX.
CARSON— In this city. February 21. 1904. to
. the wife of Frank Carson., a daughter.
: JORDAN— In this city. March 4. 1964. to the
wife of Richard Jordan, a daughter.
MARRIED.
DIBBLE — WEST— In Tacoma. Wash., March
;¦ 3. 18C4. by the Rev. F. T. Webb. Frank Dlb-
- ble of San Francisco and Edith Leroy West
Of Tacorca. . \ .
FLETCHER— CHAMBERS— On Sunday. March
6. .1904; In the Hamilton-square Baptist
Church of this city, by the Rev.- Louis J.'
Sawyer. John Fletcher and Flora M. Cham-
ber*.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE,
GTlTI^MBSEjr^CoTr""^ ™ * "
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
AUCTION. •
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. '
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
The following properties '. of the estate of
LudwlK Altschul, deceased, ... will be offered
Rt our salesroom on Monday, March 14, 1904,
at. 12 o'clock noon. Subject to confirmation by
the Superior Court. :
No. 1.
NW. cor. Townsend st. and Clarence place,
bet. 2d and 3d sts.. covered with frame build-
ings; large lot. 80x125; suitable for warehouse
or manufacturing purposes.
No. 2.
Lots 1 and *2, block 20, San Miguel Rancho
Survey, ,
No. 3.
NE. cor. of Hampshire st. and Serpentine
ave.; lot 77:10x5X3. Irregular.
No. 4. • '
Lots 0-10 to 649 Inc.; Gift Map No. 2.
No. 5.
Lots 1445 to 1450 of Gift Map No. 2.
No. 6.
Lots 1515 and 1516 of Gift Map No. 3.
No. 7. - '
Lots 1551 to 155ft Inc. of Gift Map No. 3.
No.. 8.
A LAMEDA • COUNTY.
SE. cor. Railroad ave. , and Bay st., Ala-
meda; lot 34 :4^xS4:ll, irregular. <
SOLANO COUNTY.
Lets 5-b of the south subdivision . of the
Broughton Ranch, adjoining the town of Va-
oavtlle. .
No. 10. ", 1
MARIN COUNTY.
2 20-100 acre* In block 217 of tide lands ln
town of New Sausalito.
No. 11.
2 20-100 acres In block 221 of tide land* ln
town ot New- Sausalito. .
No. 12.
2 20-100 acres ln bl«ck 247 of tide lands In
town of New Sauaalito. j
No. 13.
2 20-100 acres in block 251 of tide lands In
town of New Sausallto.
No. 14.
2 20-100 seres in block 250 of tide lands In
town of New Sausalito. # i
OAKLAND BUSINESS PROPERTY.
NE. cor, of 7th and Willow sts.; good Im-
provements consist of 2-story frame build-
ing containing 4 stores and 6 living rooms In
rear; upper floor arranged and utilized for
lodge purposes; includes' .carpets an d furni-
ture of lodgerooms; present rents $100 per mo.;
If properly handled could fee made to yield
very readily $200 per mo.; lot 111.8^x104.
For catalogue and further particulars ap-
ply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
¦ , 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
O -¦¦
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200— Incomparable "Oceanside Lots"-
on official trade; unobatructed view of
ocean and park; all bargains: easy terms-
see them to-day; get off cars cor. 47th ave'
. and H street.
$75 to $250 — Near Park and ocean; $5 monthly.
Oceanslde Branch Office, cor. 49th ave. and
K st.; open Sundays and holidays. *
$500 to $1000— Choicest Sunset lots for build-
ing; graded and sewered; $10 monthly.
$250 to $850 — Superb Richmond lots, opposite
new "Spreckels Lake"; matchless view;
don't miss this opportunity: installments. *
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H st.
$150 to $500— Level Excelsior Homestead lots;
$5 monthly.
$1200 to $35;K> — Modern cottages in Sunset.
Richmond. Oceanside and Excelsior Home-
stead districts; easy terms.'
SOL. GKTZ & SON, Owners and Dealers,
Hoom 54, fourth floor. Chronicle building.
52150 — COTTAGE of 5 rooms, bath and base-
ment; Jersey »t., near Diamond; near cur
line.
$4UOO — Eureka-st. cottage of" 8 rooms and
basempnt; lot ."i0xl20: bargain. JOSEPH
STRAUB, C30 Market Et.
$10,$5O— 3 SWELL fiats, not yet completed, but
rrnt»il for I120U p«-r year; 7th-ave. boulevard.
Nos.7C0-2-4, near Fulton St.; Hi minutes from
City Hstll: Hll-nlKlit car service; every possi-
ble !ate«t . improvement) 25x120. Apply on
premises-, from 1 to 4. C ..
I WANT to buy ¦ ' ! '
2 vacant -lots or
A house and lot
in the Sunoet District.
State location and price.
Box 2952. Call office.
BUILD on ycur unimproved realty: we loan
full cost Impror. and part lot at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$200 — A • FURNISHED ' flat of 8 rooms on
Gough st. 11 City Hall Square.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
OAKLAND property to exchange for country
property. P. C. LASSEN. 4C0 Tenth St..
Oakland, Cal.
REAL ESTATE— Country— For Sale.
.¦? ""wr i?" \vhitH
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$30,000 — Klamath Co.. Southern Oregon: bor-
dering on Bis Klamath Lake; 2000 acres: cut
about 3500 tens of hay annually; also large
quantities of grain; well fenced and cross-
fenced; good S-rcom residence; farming Imple-
ments: 10 horsfg; 3 good barns, etc.
$10.0CO-^In Sonoma Co.; SOU acres well fenced
In 3 fields; house: 3 large barns; dairy house;
well watered; 200 acrea tillable; all level; 24
acres S-year-old orchard; 3p head cattle: 20
hogs; farming Implements, etc.; $5000 mort-
gage; trade for bay property.
$27,000— In Placer Co.. on R. R.— 1CS0 acres,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
400 head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 good
barns: farming Implements; £0 head cattle: 12
head horses; plenty water to Irrigate; part cash.
$8500 — Sold by order uf Superior Court. 1080
• acres, near Point Arena, • 200 acres fine potato
land; apple orchard; 500 acres more could be
planted: 3«0 acres heavy timber: well Im-
proved and fenced; fine dairy or stock ranch.
$5000— Best ranch ln Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 sets good improvement; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools; outside range.
$3500— Only 2 miles of town, 155 acres; 10
acres old vineyard; family orchard: 60 acres
j clover or alfalfa: under 3 ditches: large new
: bam; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows; 2 good horses; farming Im-
plements; only $100o down.
$2500— K0 acres near boat and cars. Sonoma
Co.; rood 6-room hous«e: vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry, $200;
job can be had with the place.
$:J00O— One mile P. O.. schools and stores;
255 acres; 40 level; 10 could be Irrigated;
house, large barn; outhouses; well fenced and
crosK-fence'l; 150 hens; new buggy,, wagon,
farming tools; 20 head cattle; 3 wells; water
piped to hulldings; furniture.
$4500 — Two and half miles live town and
R. R. : 4C0 acres: 40 In grain on creek about
100 acres more bottom land; 10 acrea full bear-
Ing orchard: balance timbered pasture; house,
barn, etc.: fine place for resort or sanitarium;
not tat from city. \
$5000 — 3 miles of Santa Cru«, 47 acres; IS
under cultivation.' balance fine pasture; 3C3
arscrtiKl fruit trees; 15 H» crapes; windmill and
tank: water piped to buildings and yards;
rplendid s-rooni hard finished house, good
stable and poultry houses: span good horses; 2
cows; 7 dozen hen*: single and double buggies
and harness; hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
$2050— 1C0 . acres. 8 miles of Napa City. 2
inil'-s P. O.; 30 acrss under cultivation: - 18
acres full bearing fruit; -15 acres fine grain;
65 acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky; house, barn, poultry bousea.
Incubator, brooders. 2 wagons. 2 carts, horse,
cow. poultry, tools. . •
$::C:i.io — i(jo ceres, at fetation and near Santa
Crux. -S3 acres clear; orchard; 10-room house;
outbuilding!-: mortgage $2000; trade equity.
$3500 — Near San Jose. 14 acres bearing fruit
mostly prunes: facilities lor Irrigation; build-
ing*. ¦ ¦ " • '
$3250 — 20 acres oandy loam, only 2 and a half
miles of Petaluma: bouse. 3 rooms and both:
part cash.
$750— Gold mln«, with shaft and fine body
of ore In sight, El Dorado Co.; would exchange
for vacant lot. •
$1200—20 acres, near Eebastopol. Sonoma
Co.; 0 acres clear; 4 acres bearing apples:
running stream: buildings: rich sandy loam;
easy terms. . - , -
$2250— Best equipped poultry farm In the
State; 12 acres rich valley land. 2 miles of
Calistogft; furniture, poultry, stock, wagons.
tcolf-.; all SO. • .
$1900— Near Sebastopol: 18 acres; orchard,
berries: pasture: fenced 3 or 4 fields: easy
terms. 1
$lb00 — 240 acres, 5 miles of Soiedad. 5 acres
bearing orchard, 10 acres bearing grapes. 40
acr«s bottom land: house, barn, packing-house,
tools;- water piped to buildings and pasture;
equity $800; to exchange.
84 acres; 15 creek bottom: frolt, grapes,
berries, buildings; one mile town: tools; $600.
Send stamp for printed list. »
W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery st.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A - SPECIALTY.
FOR '^ale— Country homes In every county in
California. * at : all prices, from $450 00 . to
$75,000 CO. ¦¦ Immense list to select from.' If
you want land of any kind call on
HOWE & MERRITT.
., ' '. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
ALFALFA lands, 'stock . ranches, • orchards,
'vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
'. logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
'Market st. ' .
JHSCELLAXEOPS FOR SALE~-Cnn.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches:
easy payments. P. V. GAVIN. S03 Hay-
ward bldg.
FOR sale — Piano, music box, organ, buggy, har-
ness and hay cutter. 422 Orange St.. Oakland.
BAFES ar.d cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 4G7.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Valfejo st.
SOME pood second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. chegp. E. B. Beck & Co.. ltt Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcasoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
DESKS and raffs; see the complete line at 1816
• Market, ab. Van Negs. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargsJn*. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& Co.. 11*2 Market st.
GASOLINE englnts, automobiles and launches;
all fclteg. -T. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
irmfce«. ALEXANDER fe CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
I PAY highest nrices for all kinds of cest-ott
¦ clothing; s»rd postal. MORRIS. 943 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market »t.; phone JersMe 3741, or postal.
TILTON wants cood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Pth St.: tel. Jessie 2851.
MOXKY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
«01-tf02-6G3 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no dUappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mcrtg&ges, undivided Inter-
i etts. assignments of. rents, property ln trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
! When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, .town
or country.
Low rate of interest
Give full particulars.
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
ANY amount quickly "on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 68 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business ln
40 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
M. JACOBSON & CO.. financial brokers, Emma
Spreckels bldg., rm. ti21; loans and all other
financial matters negotiated; confidential*
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth et.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal edvances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 .Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 1S» Third.
— — — j
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method— To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-43, Chronicle bldg.
I TO salaries people without s?curity: on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
, Disvount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy;no commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamond? ar.d jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room SI. 6 Eddy sU
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
PTAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CAPH loaned salaried people on notee without
lndor>er. MORELL, 60!> Examiner building.
CHEAPEST and beet In America — The Weekly
. Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In th?
United States or Canada one year for $1,
pf^tnge paid.
MUSICAL 1NSTUU3IENTS.
BARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND PIANOS AS
FOLLOWS:
Two Steinway, one Chlckerlng, one Sterling,
one Haines Bros., two Steck. one Steinway
grand and one Steck grand; also many other
pianos from $75 up and square pianos from $10
up, all fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & EON. 16 O'Farrell st.
I A CLEARANCE tale of upright pianos from
*.".(> up; greatest bargains t:\trr offered ln San
Francisco; all makes. 'We rent upright
pianos for $2 per month; new at $3 per
month; all money paid applies on purchase
Heine Piano Co., 235-237 Geary et. Oakland
addrcra 1252 Broadway.
ONLY oiann house In the c!ty that win rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
«) months' renr and cartage off purchase
price; sole acents for McPhail. Schiller and
ether roakeg. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 5G0 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage piano." (also furni-
ture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1636 Market st.
SMALL pianos, for small apartments: great
tone; rent or sale. Byron Mauzy. 308 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAK^.einway up. ;Chickering baby grand;
Shonl*£er. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
most given away. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale: good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
OFFICES AJTp STORES TO LET.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply 140 Geary st.. opp. City of Paris. .
PERSONALS.
I HEREBY give notice that I have disposed of
my «.nttre*t in the New Cosmopolitan Hotel,
In May field. Cal., and will not be responsible
for uny debts contracted by that concern
after this date and since November 15.
JOHN DEMARTINI.
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called, remnants. We make
you a fine suit on installments cheaper than
ethers do for rcsh. LEON LEMOS, merchant
< tailor. 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
GKADUATES*of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tub». hot and cold water; trained nursee as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 116 Taylor.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops falling. cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists'; hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substltue. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
A — Microtlne, a positive cure for catarrh, cold ,
in the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections: send for free sample,
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO., 272 Uth.
THE Infallible system: the only copyrighted
successful method of keeping ahead of the
racer; good forever; price $1. Sold only by
PITTS, 1008 Market et.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug din-
eases positively cured by Wlflow Bark Co.,
812 Bhotwell; consultation free: call or write.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, shows
the work that is the important item to. persons
contemplating facial treatment. 7S1 O'Farrell.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkle?,
all blemishes removtd; shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
GET your gents', ladies' and children's furnish.
Ings at P. FELIZ'S. 352 Third st.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. One), tailors, 72tf Market.
FANCY embroidery work done by Swiss lady.
Orders taken at 1308 Stockton Et,
LIQUOR habit cur»d In two days or no charge.
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. 997 Market st.
Actlna restore* lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th, nr. Valencia.
MRS Eaton electric needle specialist, 3C9 Sut-
ierl r. 6C9. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 3$.
rEKSOXALS— Continued.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases (cured.
EOCIAL dances Wed., Thurs., Sat. and Sun.:
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
Bon Marche Pant* Co.: special $5 pants to or -
dcr. Rooms 14 & 16, 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 41.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travere. 1170' Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 r>6!
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color, $ 1; at all druggists'.
FRENCH massage In exchange for English
lestong. Box «519, Call office.
A BRANCH ofHce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at 100S Market «t.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p m '
PALjUJrTllY.
MADAM DEVAS.
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBB3
BUILDING. 139 POST ST.
ELI VINE BERSCH— Besl card reader: reads
fortunes by the planet cards. 26S5 Mlsslcn
*t.. b«t. 22d and 23d.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor St.. netr Geary. Phone Black 561.
l'AlVnXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting. painting.
Hartrrann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
PASTURAGE.
600 ACRES fine pasture; horses only: terms $3
per month. Inquire EUGENE RILEY, 10&.
Vallejo ft.. San Francisco. •
PHYSICIANS AM) SUIIGGOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office an? reeidencei
1021 Vi Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. .
: BLOOD, ekln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1C73H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herd doctor,
treats all' diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6U7 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington St.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now st SE. corner Geary and Taylor ats.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PROl'lJS.VI.S.
UNIVERSITY of California, Berkeley— Notice
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men —
Notice id hereby given that sealed bids are
rolicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for grading, leveling
and terracing certain portions of the grounds
of the Affiliated Colleges of the University
of California, irontlng on Parnassus
avenue, San Francisco, Cal., and said
bids will be received at the office of
the Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at
or before 12 o'clock m. of March 18, 1!*M.
Plans and specifications for said grading
have been adopted and may be examined
dally at the of rice of N. BLAISDELJU. room
18. 222 Sansome st., San Francisco, from
U a. m. until 4 p. in.
Bids must be In -the form contained In the
specifications. No bids will be considered
unless accompanied by a certified check or
bond of bidder, in favor of the Re-
gents of the University of California, equal
to ten (.10) per cent of his bid, with sufficient
Fureties, conditioned that If said bid be ac-
cepted the bidder will duly enter Into a
proper contract and bond to perform the duty
and obligations in accordance with said bid
and with the plans and specifications, which
are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all bids
is hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON.
Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage— De-
pot Quartermaster's office, 30 New Montgom-
ery St., San Francisco, Cal., February 25,
3004 — Sealed proposals. In triplicate, subject
to usual conditions, will be received at this
office until 10 o'clock a. m. Thursday. March'
10 15*04, Pacific atandard time, and then
opened, for furnishing blankets, campaign
hath Berlin and horsehlde gloves, collar*.
Jrawens. leggii>gs (Khaki duck), hat cords
ruiEet shoes, stockings, undershirts, corn
brooms, scrubbing brushes, barrack chairs,
telescope ca*es, tent poles, etc.; quantities to
be subject to an increase of 20 per cent if de-
sired by this department: bids will be opened
for the delivery of the sams nrticles at either
the Sen Francisco, Boston. Chicago and Phil-
adelphia depots; all to conform to exlstii.<r
ktandard samrles and specifications; prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (including m
the price of foreign production and manu-
facture the duty thereon), and such piefer-
ence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there; the
United States reserve« the right to ¦ accept
cr reject any or ail bids or any part thereof;
information and blank proposals will be fur-
nished on application: envelopes containing
proposal* to be mar'<-Hl "Proposal No. lhM '
and addressed to MAJOR C. A. DEV'OL.
Qr. Mr.. U. S. A.. Denot Quartermaster.
STEEL Tank. Tower and Pumping Plant.— Of-
fice Depot Quartermaster, Kan Francisco,
Cal.. March 7. 1904.— Sealed proposals ln
triplicate will be received at this office until
12 o'clock M.. March 31, 1004, for the com-
plete construction of a steel tank, tower and
pumping plant at Fort William McKinley.
near Manila. P. I. The United States re-
serves the right to accept or reject any or all
proposals or any part thereof. Specifications
and blank proposals furnished on application.
Plans for tank and tower may be s?en at
this office. Envelope containing propoaalu
should be marked "Proposal for Tank, Ac."
and addressed to Major C. A. Devol, Quar-
termasUr U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
SEWING MACHINES AM) SUPPLIES
WE shall close cut at once a lot of shopworn
machines at from $20 to $30 each; they are of
our own make, nractlcally new; prices are
less than half. White Sewing Machine Co.:
call at 3C0 Post et. or 1841 Flllmore it. .
DOMESTIC — The machine for j family use;
best is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domeetlc office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
rhlnes: slighjly used: $10. $15. $20: second-
hand. $3, $5. $8: all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES, send you address to 1126 Market st.,
S. F.. valuable Information; room 2.
SPECIALISTS. ~
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods:! week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Ccttlncham. 204 Sutter st.
STORAfiK AM) WAKKHOILSKS.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co., furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard et:, nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Pest and Powell sts. : tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'g storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Gclden Gate ave. ; Phone East 12G.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. • S10
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfus*.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FiHmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
* st. : tel. Main 18jQ. Shipping at cut rates.
jrjk'PjrcWKlTERS AM) SUPPLIES.
ASl exceptionally, good No. 2 Remington, No~l
Smltli Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange. 63« California st.
A FEW 7 good typewriters at $30 each; get par- I
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery et. r ¦¦¦.¦¦.
2D-HAND typewriters' sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec, Co.. 508 Market.
DIVIDEXI) NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. Oth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 708 Market St., opposite Third—
For the half year ending 31st of December
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of <12) twelve per cent on
capital ' stock and participating certificates
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1004. JOSEPH A. LEON-
- ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Company
<Con.)— A -dividend. No. 63, of fifty cents
(60c) per share on the issued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
the office of the company, rooms 202, 204 and
200, Hay ward building, San 'Francisco,: on
March 10, 1904. Transfer books close March
3. 1004. at noon. C. C QU1NN. Secretary.
DIED.
Bacocevlch, Splro FrapoUI. SUtIo
Bacocevlch, Joko Frelermutn, AnnU
Beckmann, Herbert Gale, Lucinda
Bennett. Catherine Glllesple. George A.
Bowen. Edgar J. Gray, Dr. Wm. O.
Brett. Car* Jas. E. Hadley. Nellie J.
Brouch. Mary Henon. Charles 8.
Buttgenbacb, Joseph Hereford. Flora J.
Cameron. Elizabeth Jacobs. Pierre
, Chase. Fannie May Little. Charfci E.
ChriatensMi, Holga Marker. Owen
Clark. Mary E. McCormack. Wm. J.
Corbett. Ellen Nemececk. Albert
Cunard. Grace C. Rigney. Bridget
Dahler. Valentin Rocks. Fred
Deletras. Gaspard Ryan. Kate M.
Delmarto. Petro Bears. Herman B.
Dtaon. George W. Smith. ElUn
Doherty. Timothy Walte, William H.
Dowd, John
BACOCEVICH— In Morlgn. Bake Catora. Aus-
tria. Spiro Bacocevlch. brother of Stev*
Bacocevlch and uncle of Miss Mary and
Anna Sacovlch of Jackson. Anrndor County.
Cal.
BACOCEVICH— In ' Blsan. Bake Catora. Aus-
tria, Joko Bacocevleb, cousin of Steve Ba-
cocevlch. and uncle of Petar, Milan and
Vaso MUJlovlch.
BECKMANN— In this city. March 8. 1904.
Herbert H.. dearty beloved son of Herman
and Ida Beckmann. and loving brother of
Minnie Beckmann, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 months and 13 days. *
BENNETT— In this city. March «. 1904. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late John Ben-
nett, and mother of May. Daniel. Hanorah.
John, Edward and William Bennett, a na-
tive of Court McSherry. County Cork. Ire-
land, aged &3 years.
. C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Thursrta.y>. at 8:30 o'clock, from her late,
residence. I0H,V 2 Minna street, thence to St.
Joseph's (Tiurch. where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BOWEN— In this city, March 7, 1904. Edgar
J. Bowen. husband of Mary H. Bowen. a na-
tJv 2J> f Vmu York, aged 71 years.
CT Funeral services Wednesday. March 9.
at 1O;15 o'clock, at his late residence. 171S
\allejo street.
BRETT— In Oklahoma City. O. T.. March 3.
1&C4, of pneumonia. Captain Janes E. Brett.
I nited States Army (retired), beloved hue-
band of Sallit- p. Brett, and father of Stuart
S.. Luctle P. and the late Herbert S. Brett,
a nat've or Nortb Carolina.
BROrCH- March 7. 1304. Mary, relict of the
late Jacob Brouch. daughter of the late
Dennis and Ellen Dinneen, and sister of
Hanorah. Patrick. Timothy and Ellen Din-
neen and Mrs. Newport, a native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged 33 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), from the parlors of J. C
O'Connor & Co.. 7K7 Mission street. Inter-
ment Colusa. Cal., on the arrival of tha
8 a. m. train from 8an Francisco. -
BUTTGENBACH— IniJils city. March 7. 19O4.
Joseph Buttgenbacii. dearly beloved husband,
of Wiihelmlna Buttg<»nbach. beloved rather
of Walter, Hugo. Albert. Cecelia, Carl. Lucy
and George Buttgenbach. and brother of Mrs.
Blizabeth Rewlg and Mrs. Cecelia Holbrow,
a native of Aachen. Germany, aged 49 year*
II months and »» days. A member ot St.
Paulus Unterstutzutig* Vereln and Deutscha
Metzger Vereia. (New York papers pl«asa
copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from hta late resi-
dence, 314 Steiner street, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, near
Jones street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 0:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAMERON— In this city. March », 19O4.
Elizabeth Cameron, mother of Mrs. M. Mitch-
ell, a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged M
years and (J months. •
C^Ttie. funeral services will take placs
tJ-morrow iThumlay). at 11:15 o'clock, at
the residence of l\ \V. Doe. 1941 Clay street.
Interment private.
CHASE: — In this city. March 8. 1DO4. Fannie
May. dearly beloved wife of George W.
Chase, and daughter of the late Daniel and
Margaret Haggerty. a native of San Fran-
cUco.
CTFrlends ar? rw.oect fully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Wed-
nesdays at 10 o'clock, at the residence of
her sister. Mrs. J. J. Cnnneli. 250* Wash-
ington street. Interment Cypress Lawn
cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guesrero streets.
CHRISTE-\SEN-In this city. March 8. 1804
Holga A. Chrlstenaen. beloved son of 8oren
and Else Chrtstensen. and brother of Ann*
J. an.1 Martha M. Christensen. a native of
Denmark, aged 1 years 1 month and 8 days.
CLARK— ln this city. March 6 1904 Mary
E.. beloved daughter of Catherine and the
late Francis Clark, and slater of Dennis S.
and Jamea J. Clark, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at H:.{O o'clock, from her late
residence. No. 2 East avenue (Holly Park)
thence to St. Jobn's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crose Cemetery.
CORBETT— In this city. March 7. 1904. Ellen
relict of. the late John Corbett. and beloved
mother of James. Kate. William and Frank
Cbrbett and Mrs. E. Shaver and the lat»
Mamie Corbett, a native of County Clare.
Ireland. "
\y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦ (Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mlsston street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to SL
Joseph's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CUNARD— In Oakland. Cal.. March S. 1904
at the parents' residence. 1461 Third street'
Grace Clara Cunard. dearly beloved daugh-
ter of G. W. and Genevieve Cunard, a na-
tive of Oakland, aged 2 years 2 months an4
8 day». •
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrcw
• Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
James McManus. Seventh and Castro street's-'
thence to Oakland Crematorium, for crema-
tion.
DAHLER— In Oakland. *Cal.. March 7. 1904.
Valentin, beloved husband of Roslne Dah-
ler. ar.d father of Albert, Marie and Mar-
gareta Dahler. a native of Baden. Germany,
aged 4J years 3 months and 11 days. A
member of Oakland Vereln Etntracht. Court
Hartnonie No. 25. F. of A.. Aerie No. 7,
F. O. E-. and N. I*. U. B. W.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invtted to attend the funeral to-day
. (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Germani*
Hall. Webster street, j between Sixth and
Seventh streets. Oakland. Services under
ths auspices of Oakland Vereln Elntrach:.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
DELETRAZ— In this city. March «. 1904. Ga*-
pard Francois Deletrai. a native of Franc*,
aged SI years. (New Orleans papers pleas?
ccpy.)
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully tnvited'to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau. ;:<"3 Mont-
gomery avenue, tber.ce to the French Church
for services. Interment Holy Crass Ceme-
tery.
DELMARTO— In this city. March 7. 19O4.
Petro Delmarto, a native of Italy.
DIXON— In this city. March 8. 1904. Geoix*
Washington Dtxcn. husband of Mary 11 .
and father of George. Edwin and Charles W.
Dtxon. a native of Rochester. N. Y.. aged
€3 rears. .
CTServlces will be held at his late resi-
dence, 112 Devlsadero sweet, on Thursday.
March 10, at 4 o'clock. Interment Grais
Vallty.
DOHERTT— In this city. March 8. 19C4. Tim-
othy, dearly beloved husband of Sarah Do-
berty, father of John, James. . Frank and
Bella Doherty. Mrs. Mary McGrath and Mrs.
Annie, Rottanzi. and beloved brother of Mrs.
James Dowting, a native of Klllarney.
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 82 years. (Fort
Worth." Texas, papers please copy.)
[7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence. 227A Fourteenth street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9.50 o'clock.
Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
DOWD— In this city. March 8. 1SW*. John',
dearly beloved husband of Kate Dowd. father
of Xanate. Eddie. Margarette and the late
Daniel »nd Ellen Dowd. and brother of Dan-
iel Dowd. a native of Dingle. County Ken-y.
Ireland, aged 45 years. A member of Gold-
en Gate CamD No. C4. W. of W.
(CT Friend* and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7R7 Mlsston
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
Continued on Page Fourteen.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
•Successors to Flannagan A Gallas:ner.>
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mmr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAUIER3.
20 Fifth «t. .-••posit* Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at mn MISSION. T«L South 187.
Between Fourth and Klfth. near Fifth St.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Hansea.
JAMES McGINN it CO..
Formerly With McGinn Broe ,
——Funeral Directors and Eaibatmew ¦
214 Eddy st.: Tel. South 67ft.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
SOMETHING NEW IN REAL ESTATE.
SOMETHING NEW IN REAL ESTATE.
Entire Western Addition Block Offered In
Subdivisions. .
43 EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
43 EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
PRICES $l«5O TO $1850.
PRICES 51650 TO S1850.
Terms— One.flfth cash, balance in 1. 2. 3
and 4 years.
An exceptionally handsome - Western Addi-
tion block has Just been cut up Into 43 extra
latge lets, most of which are 33:4x120. The
block is near the corner of First ave. and
California st.. and can easily be reached by
the Eddy-st. and Sacramento-st. cars. Get
off at First ave. The conditions eurroondlng
the sale of this property are different from
the manner of selling property of this char-
acter.
Mr. J. C, Jordan, the owner, has imposed
the following conditions, which are to be rig-
idly enforced:
No- building will be allowed on the block
which will coet less than $3000.
No building shall be erected for objection-
able purposes, Including stores, livery stables.
coalyards, schools, churches, etc.
f No three-story flats will be allowed.
If you want to secure a nice residence site
; or make a good Investment the above common-
sense restrictions will Insure not only the ad-
vance in value of lots ln this block, but will
also protect any one who builds. Thousands
of people In the past few years have built
desirable homes and have been damaged or
ruined for the lack of just such protections.
In all other large cities in the Knited States
the best property is sold under similar condl-
1 tions, which sre erf beneflt to all.
Special attention is called to the large lots.
| It Is cheaper to build on a large lot than on a
small one, as It does away with the unsightly
and unsatisfactory light wells and shortens the
: building, bestdes giving a more artistic appear-
ance on the outside. The Interior arrangement
Is ¦ much better and you secure an abundance ,
of light and sun.
The large lots and the restrictions under
which the land Is sold will Insure good neigh-
bors and an advance In the value of your
property. These, however, are not the only '
facts which will advance the property. The |
block is exceptltmally well located. Is level
and all the streets are graded, sewered and
macadamized and are all ?0 feet wide. The
property Is right on the line of tha city's
growth and the prices aaked, * $AO to $55 a i
front foot, are extremely low, as property I
within a block or two Is selling for from fvo i
to three times the price asked for this.
An unusually splendid car service is already
at hand. Including the Eddy-st. electric; the
Secramento-st. cable, the 8utter and Clement-
st. line and the Geary and Callforn!a-st. lines.
The last two are soon to be changed Into
electric systems. v
These are only a few of the points to which
we wish to call your attention. We urgently
request you to make an Immediate inspection
of this property, and believe that if you do
you will agre* with us that the property pre-
sents an unusual and unequaled opportunity
for either a homeseeker (including 2 flats) as
well as an excellent Investment. If you will
look ahead for a year or two and take Into
consideration the rapid growth of the city
In this direction you will undoubtedly become
a purchaser.
Our agent Is on the ground on Sundays with
diagram?.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
REDUCED from $2500 to $1?00 to make a
quick sale: cottage of 5 rooms and bath; on
fihotwtll st. : can ret a loan of $1400. D.
__COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
PLUMBING, new or old;, estimates given.
AHLDACH & MAYER. S-tC Howard st.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BliRKELEY HEAL ESTATB.
ON sunny side of Essex St.. one block from
Ashby station, between Adeline and Shattuck
ave.; house of 0 rocms; price reduced $250
for ten days; by owner only. C. R. SHAW,
1566 Eleventh ave.: tel. Brook 130. Make
appointment by mall or telephone.
A. MURDOCH &*CO., South Berkeley station.
for bargains; we build, buy. s«ll or exchange.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
Ml !^_^y- K J^ * th l*. h ESTATB.
SELLING FAST?™
- „ Si.LLING FAST.
100 SOLD UP 1O DATE.
Large new subdivision at the .-ration of Mill
Valley; 40 acres in large lotn in the very cen-
ter of the valley, none of which are less than
"30x1-0; prices range from $400 to $600: term*
10 oer cent cash, balance $lo monthly; grand
honip sites amidst surrounding; I
beautiful, views of mountains and bay; the
clinmte unequaled; splendid opportunity for an
investment: land values bound to Increase, as
Mill Valley Is rapidly coming to the front; the
new electric road has shortened the time to 40
minutes from the city. Mill Valley has all the
conveniences of a city; fine supply of pure
mountain water; good sewerage and drainage,
electric lights, stores', churches and schools,
and in fact all conveniences; lots beautifully
wooded; stud for our- new Illustrated book de-
scriptive of Mill Valley.
LYON ft HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
OAK LAX D RBAli ROTATE.
THIRTY-SEVENTH St.. near West; new house
. 6 large rocms; up tc date; 2 blccks from
' bank and "Key Route" station; small de-
posit down; private loan; genuine bargain;
" will yell carpets. . . .
OWNER. P. O. box 162.
Oakland. Cal.
IT WILL PAY FOR ITSELF.
(2600 — Store and flat of S rooms upstairs, s;t
Adeline station. Seventh st.. near new West-
ern Pacific terminal; easy terms.
T. F. RAYON, owner. 424 Tenth st
OAKLAXD Fl'RXISHED HOUSES.
" " ' ~~— »— ¦¦-... .. ......
FOR rent — Furnished; P ; room cottage; sunny
' corner; gas, bath, laundry. ietc. S. PETER,
852 Nineteenth St., Oakland. Cal.
OA1CLAM) FlillNITDRB KOU SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth st..cor.more.Oaktand.
ROOMS FORJMOl^SEKEISHiaro.
BARTLETT. 419 — 3 unfurnished attic rooms
for housekeeping; closet-room, sink.
BIRCH ave. 61"> — 3 good unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; $S. Key 642 Grove st.
ELLIS, till — Furnished tunny front alcove, 2
connecting rooms: ga« range, bath, phone.
ELLIS, 1000, near Scott— 2 large, furnished
roome, housekeeping; $13; gas, bath, phone.
FOURTH, 401— Newly- furnished rooms, double
or slnple; also housekeeping: rent reason-
able. , '
GEARY. 1002— Nicely furn. sunny front parlor:
single rooms; housekeeping privileges; gas.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 231— 3 rooms in base-
ment; gas range, laundry; $14 per month.
GOUGH. 211 — Top floor; three sunny unfur-
. nished.- rooms; gas, bath, etc.; adults only.
GUERRERO. 104— Nicely furnished front al-
cove room: splendid location; reasonable:
. references required..
HAIGHT. 234— 3, 4 or 5 completely furnished,
sunny, corner, rooms; piano, bath and phone.
HAWTHORNE. 18, off Howard, near Third—
Sunny bedroom and kitchen; sink; yard;
complete $12. •-.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1.140 Pine—
Sunny, furnlthed 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: f te* baths: rate $30 up.
MINNA. 353. rear — Two fine housekeeping
rooms;. $2 per. week; all conveniences. '. ¦
O'FARRELL. 770— Unfurnished, sunny, light
douMe front parlors; also furnished rooms;
reasonable. . , ,
O'FARRELL. 1510— Nicely furnished suite of
. nice sunny housekeeping rooms to let.
STERLING Apartments. Hayes, bet. Flllmore
and Steiner: finest In city; 4 rooms,; bath:
just finished: op»-n Sunday; water; garbage;
I Janitor servtce free.
VAN NESS ave., 708 — 2 sunny front rooms.
$25; also •» basement rooms, complete; reason-
able. .. . . -,. ¦; ..;¦¦¦'- .*. • . . -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
APAKTTMESrT HOUSES. ¦
£-TORl>O^v ; A~ATAlr^^
Will be finished March 15.- ..
NORTHEAST CORNER SUTTER AND
LARKIN STS. .
: Beautifully light and sunny: 2-3-4 room* and
- bath each; all unfurnished; $30 to $45.
Make reservations now. ,
THE LUNGER. 143 Octavia, cor. Hayes— Just
completed; sunny; -modern 3-rm. apartments;
. elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
i bathe*. $40 up; refs.; also doctor's offices. ..
IROQUOIS . Apartments, 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
worth; 2. 3 and 4 rms. ; open for. Inspection.
WANTGOLUHN.OF THE GALL, BUT YOU flAY GAIN ONEWhaler; Beluga Leaking.
The steam whaler Beluga was placed on the
Sixteenth street drydock yesterday - for the
purpose of locating a serious leak. This i s
the third time out of the water for the Beluga
since she • began preparing " for . her cruise.
While coming 'ofl the . marine ; ways at Boole's
yard a suction pipe " protruding from" the
whaler's bottom fouled a block and the Beluga
had to be hauled out of the water again for
repairs. Since then a serious leak developed
Xo Estrangement Existed.
Mrs. W. O. Gray, wife of the dentist
•who committed suicide on Monday by
inhaling pas, arrived home from Los
Angeles yesterday. She states that no
estrangement whatever existed between
her husband and herself. She went to
Los Angeles to visit her sister, who is
dylns. She also stated that the re
port that Dr. Gray had been drinking
to excess was entirely errooAoua,
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides am given In the left'
hand column and the ' successive tides of the!
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the '
fourth time column. gives the last tide of the.,
day. except when there are but three tides aa i
sometimes occurs. The , heights I given ¦ are In
addition to the soundings of the .United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. '
r . • . -L+ ' I
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S N Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco." Cal i
March 8. . 1904. '
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
Sixty Per Center Arrives.
The overdue Norwegian ship j Theodor, on
which reinsurance at 60 per cent had been
paid, arrived here yesterday, 172 days from
Montevideo. Local speculators invested' about
J500U on 'the vessel to arrive and will mors
than double their money by the ship's safe
arrival. This Is one of the few cases in some
months where the result has justified tho
judgment of the looal dabblers In overdue
shins Lone odds have been frequent, but
arrivals of the high raters few and far between.
There is -no change In the rates of the other
overdups. which are quotrd as follows: W. F.
Babcock, 15 per cent; Zwigger, R5 per cent;
Claverdon. 10 per cent.
Sailors In Big. Demand.
The present demand for sailors at this port
is in excess of the supply and the ships Cissie
and Cast'e Rock are in the stream unable to
go to sea for lack of men. \ The whalers are
not responsible for the shortage, as the sea-
Boned sailor fights shy of the blubber hunters,
whose crews are made up, in the language of
the beach, of "green hands and stiffs." Many
crews will be wanted within the next month,
both for deep pea ships and for the vessels, of
the salmon . fleet. : ,
TUESDAY. MARCH" «.
Frcdericka Selij; et aJ. to I. Sell* Estate
<c.rj>ora.Uon). lot on Kff comer of Van N>««
»\*-nue and Fulton street, N 120 by W 109:9
i i 'A F olr m^ th . to G *° r * e IL F>«iermuth
L*t-i»a A. Otto fFn»Wmutli> and Elisabeth il
M-auldln* <TYeiermiUh). lot on N line of Kills
w«l, 127:6 K of I-i!lmore, K «:9byXJ»-
Oharlw H. Rowatlial to Prank D Lavton
tot <>n S line of McAllister etreet. 1C2C W of
Brofertek. n «:;• by s 1S7:6; fio
H^nry and Uzzle Boh!* to Theresa BruninKs
«"'' ."! " f f ,"•*• r * >r * c^d 2046 D. 50. lot on
s J «S Etrw?t> *° s of liaye8 - s
iJ*f£ T £:fiZh2 iZ^^ W - "" p «ter«on.
Su T <* "- C f WaJIer "'reft. 137:6 W of
fchradrr. W ESS hy H 85- $10.
.John R. Altk^n »o Annie L. Aitken. lot on
<7iarlei. W. Mott to Herman Hcrmansen lot
K55^ fe raul Tratt ««^^ 5i
Pame to samr. uaitie; $10.
Au^UFtus J. Raokpn to J. I»on«>y' i o t ,n
.V^ C bTw lOO^l^. 11111 an *- Saiu '»"'* "reets.
Annio Klrby.'to Oiaries A. Carillon and Wil
Tisin Camp, lot on B line of irartford street*
i:<5 N of Nineteenth. N :S by E 125; $10
John Center to Claun aJid Anna Hennine lot
on K line of Bryant etreet. 268 N of Twcntv
ftret. N 25 by K 100; $1O. iwent>-
Alexander and NVIlie Kond to Berthe Upman
<t»ifo of Inador). lot on NE cx»mer of Twenty-
and Cartlett streets. E 48:6 by N 61:s4;
Grorge A. Hoertkorn to FVaiVk J. Klimm lot
"T W* line of Collinswood street. 124-4 N T of
Kfrhteenth. N «4:S by \V 125: $10. '
Richard ¦«'.. Georpe Jl. and Flora B. Dyer
t.i £>>er Bro«.' Golden West Iron Works (cor
r «ratJcn), lot " on B corner of Second street
KKAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
March 9.
Rainier.... • Seattle &" Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Chehalis Grays Harbor 3 pro Pier 2
Eureka • Humboldt 9 am|Pler 13
Chlco Coqullle River 6 pn Pl«r •»
Czarina Coos Bay direct.. 5 prniPier 8
March 10.
Elizabeth...] Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
Pomo Pt. Arena A Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal Ran Diego & Way. 9 am Pltr 11
Empire Coos Bay direct.. 12 m Pier 13
March 11.
Centralia... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Senator Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPler 9
March 13.
S.Monica-. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena * Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport ie Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Peru • N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40 I
S.Barbara. Seattle & Olympia 4 pm Pier 2
Iaqua Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
March 13. I
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier "4
S. Rosa San Diego A Way. 9 am Pier 11
' March 14.
Spokane Humboldt l:30pPler 0
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier "0
Sequoia Willapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier "0
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 2 pm Pier —
March 15.
Alliance EuTeka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
March 18.
Coos Bay . . . San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City PuebU Pu g et Sound Ports. U am Pier 8 '
March 18.
Mariposa . . Tahiti direct U am Pier T
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulnl. 11 am Pier 7
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier "A
_ ' March 19.
San Juan'. . . N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE."
Steamer. For. I gajis.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. MarTo
Portland Valdez £ Way Ports.. Mar' 10
Dora .'. Dutch Harbor v. Valdez Mar 1 s
Cottage. City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar 18
Santa Ana.... Valde* & Way PorU..Mar 16
Skagway A Way Ports. Mar' 1?
Ramona....:. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar' lk
J. Dollar..... V«ldei & Seward...... Mar 20
Charters.
The British ship Barcore. now on Puget
Sound, is chartered for wheat, thence to Eu
rope at 20s.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, March 8.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 8 hours from San Vi
cente Landlrr.
Stmr Porno, Ahlin, 12 hours from Albion,
via Point Arena 10 hours.
.Stmr Alameda, Dowdell, 5 days 21 hours 11
min from Honolulu. :
Strar Czarina, Johnson, 66 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 40 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr t. Acme, Lundquist, 28 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from,Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen, 54 hours from Ban
don.
Nor ship- Theodor. Tisland. 334 days from
Rotterdam, via Montevideo 174 days.
Gcr ship Altair, Fortmann, 106 days from
Antwerp, via Lizard 99 days.
Ship Spartan, Falkman, 21 days from'What
com, vlr. Clallam.
C Ship Glory of Seas, Plnding, 19 days. from
Ladyzmith.
Bark He?r>er, ¦ Svenaon, 15 days from Ta
coma. . - ¦
Camano, Saxe, 22 days from Port Gam
ble. .
Schr Sailer Boy," Olsen, 13 days from Colum
bia River. '
CLEARED.
Tuesday. March 8.
Stmr Spokane, Nopander, Eureka, P C S S
Co.
SAILED. .'V' >¦--*,-•;•
'- .' . Tuesday, March 8.
Stmr Spokane, Nopander, Kureka.
I Stmr Oregon, Doran, Portland and Astoria.
.Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, San. Pedro.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Half moon Bay..
Stmr Glpny, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Schr Zampa, Kallcnbergr, Columbia River.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN.
Mar 8,' 12 p m — Scnr Advance, from Co
quille River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT I/)BOS, March 8, 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 28 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Feb 11— In lat 6 N, long 27 W. Fr bark La
Rochejaquelin. hence Oct 31. -for . Queenstown.
For stmr Alamfida— Mar 7. 5 p m, In lat
38 25 N, long. 126 13 W, met bark standing
Per Ger ship Altair, from Antwerp — Dec
20, in lat 30 24 S.' long. 44 02 W. Ger bark
Paposa. from Hamburg, for Iqulque.' -
'Per Ger ship Altair. from Antwerp— Dec 28
in lat 30 24 S, long. 44 2 W. Br ship Matter
horn, hence' Sept 18. for Antwerp. |
Per Nor shli> Theodor — Jan 23, . In I lat SO 10
S, Ion*. 132 W. Br ship Falls of HalladaJe,
from Newcastle, '. England, for San Francisco
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA-iSalled Mar 8— Stmrs George W,
Elder and G. C. Llndauer, for San Francisco.
Arrived Mar 8— Schr Alice McDonald, from
San Pedro. . .
Sailed Mar 8 — Tug Dauntless, for San Pedro
with stmr Grace Dollar In tow.
HADLOCK — Sailed Mar 8 — Schr Ludlow, for
San Pedro.
SEA TTLB— Arrived Mar 8— Ger stmr An
ubis, hence Mar 4. '. . . ;
Arrived Mar 8— Stmr Cottage City, from
Skagway. • „
Arrived Mar S— Stmr Dora, hence Mar 8
BELLINGH AM— Sailed Mar S— Br ohip Sen
ator/ for South Africa." . . .'
-JUNEAU— Sailed liar 7— Stmr Bertha, for
Seattle. 1 ' ; . •
TATOOSH— Passed Mar S-Br stmr Wel-
Alameda Has Summer Voyage.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Al
ameda. Captain Dowdell, arrived yesterday
from Honolulu with 202 passengers and a full
car~o. Light southerly v.lnds were encoun
tered throughout the trip and the passengers
thoroughly enjoyed the summer weather. Deck
j">orts were enjoyed every day. The out-of
door exercise sharpened appetites and the won
derful feasts spread In the dining saloon under
the direction of Chief Steward Clark were the
inter attractions of the tri:». With games In
the sunlight and concerts after dark, the five
days' voyaging came to an end too soon for
most of the pasnengers. t _ •
Among those that came up on the liner was
S B Cannell, an Eastern, publisher. Mrs.
Olsso'n. wife of the captain of the Spreckels
tug Fearless, stationed at Honolulu, was a
passenger. Mrs. Rodman, wife of Captain
Rodman, U. S. N.. returned on the Alumeda.
Captain Rodman has been in command of the
naval station at Honolulu. He sailed on tlrs
China for the Tr.r East, where he will Join
the Aisip.tlc squadron.
Mrs O D. Jerauld, who traveled on the
Alameda with her three children, is the widow
of a standard Oil Company's Oriental repre
sentative who died at Honolulu a few wSeks
*~o while on his way home with' his wife
and lamily. * •
The Alarreda brought* 110 Japanese from
Honolulu. Her passengers included the fol
lowing named: .
Miss It. M. Adams, Mrs. W. Barry, MIps
Bird. J. BerKstrom, A. F. Brown. G. F. Bush,
S B -C&nnell, Mrrf. S. B. Oannell, ' Miss E. H.
Colburn, W. A. Cowley, J. H. Fitzgibbon,
Mrs. C. E. Gay, Miss Hardinz, Miss F. M.
Handy. S. Hoffman Jr.. Mrs. Hustfd. Mr. and
Mrs. G. H. Hellman, Mrs. O. D. Jerauld' nnd
three children, J. 8. Klrschberg, ,W. B.' Mc-
Cabe, F. T. McHenry. B. H. McLaughlin. J.
E. Miller. K. E. Morgan and wife, Mrs. Olsson
and child. V. T . S. Palmer and wife. A. Pat
terson. C. A. Peacock. J. Plngree, . Mrs. Cap
tain Rodman. Mrs. M. Schraeder. D. A.
Smyth and wife. Lerry Talbot, Mrs. R. W.'
Young.
Towing the Grace Dollar.
The Spreckels tug Dauntlcs?, which, nines
she was launched, has been kept busy making
long ocean tows, left Astoria yesterday for
San Pedro with the disabled steamer Grace
Dollar.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. 1 Due.
San Pedro Grays Harbor jMar. »
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.JMar. ft
Lakme San Pedro IMar. f)
Mineola Tacoma :Mar. 9
Tellus, Oyster Harbor Mar. 9
Pomona Humboidt Mar. 9
Bonita ?.* Newport & Way Ports. Mar. 1)
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma ...|Mar. ft
Chehalis San Pedro iMar. »
Iaqua San Pedro [Mar. 10
Missouri Hakodate IMar. 10
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Mar. 10
Santa Rosa . • •; San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 10
.MaripoM : Tahiti Mar. 10
G. W. Elder..] Portland ft Astoria Mar. 10
G. Llndauer..; Portland & Astoria Mar. 10
Sequoia ' Willapa Harbor Mar.lt
Centralia fan Pedro Mar. 11
San Juan i New York via Panama.|Mar. 11
North Fork...; Tlumholdt IMar. 11
Siberia [China & Japan IMar. It
Wyefleld i Nanaimo Mar. 12
S. Monica 1 San Pedro Mar. 12
Arcata j Coos Bay & Pt. Oxford. Mar. t2
City Puebia.. I Puget Sound Ports Mar. Vi
Alaskan : New York I Mar. 12
Kureka i Humboldt . .' |Mar. 12
Spokane ! Humboldt IMar. V2
S.Barbara... San Pedro Mar. 12
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Mar. 13
Alliance Portland * Way Ports. Mar. 13
Nevadan Honolulu & KahuluL.lMar. 13
Sonoma Sydney A Way Ports.. IMar. 14
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 1*
Porno Point Arena ft: Albion.. Mar. 15
Oregon Portland A Astoria.... Mar. 15
Colon New York via Panama. Mar. Ifi
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Mar. 17
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. 17
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 18
Anubls Seattle |Mar. 20
Movements of Steamers.
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. in., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
and it is possible that most of the whaler s
hardwood sheathing will have to be stripped
oft in order that the open seams can be calked.
«
Ilcpairs to Cypromene.
Specifications have been prepared for repairs
to the British ship Cypromene, which touched
bottom at Salinas Cruz and upon arrival here
struck Mile Rock. The Mile Rock misad
venture was the more serious of the two.
The vessel's stern post was shattered and other
damage sustained.
Brenkwaler Past Rio de Janeiro.
Thp Spreckels steamer Breakwater, which
Captain George Seamans is bringing here, from
New Orleans, arrived at Rio de Janeiro Feb
ruary IS and sailed again February 20. :
I and Dow place. SW 222:10%. SE 90:6, NE
:3:10V NW 0:6. NE 28, SE 20:6. NE 171,
1 NW 110:6; also lot on SW line of Second
! street, 176 SE of Harrison, SE 35 by SW 8y;
I S10.
Lcuis and Alwina Wamser to Joseph and
¦ Martha Arzberger, lot on W line of Diamond
; street, 124 N of Nineteenth, N 25 by W 125;
; $10.
; Michael and Margaret Brady to Frank
j Marinl lot on S line of Filbert street, 220 W
j of Montgomery. W 27 :« by S 6S:»; $10.
; William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Martin
1 and Mary Smaker, lot on E line of San Bruno
! stref-t. ICO S of Nineteenth, S 2.1 by E 100: $lu.
Hind Estate Company #o Pietro Zazzf. lot
I on E line of Third avenue, 100 S of Clement
street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
\ Michael H. Lawler to James W. and Mar-
Carct E. Heaney, lot on K line of Twenty
serf*id avenue. 20O N of Point Lobos avenue,
N 2T» »>v E 120: $10.
• Emily W. and Edward Kwnld Jr. to same,
j lot nn B Un» of Twenty-second avenue, 175 N
j of Point Lobos avenue, N 50 by E 120, quit
! claim deed; S10.
J. H- and Cora W. (or Cora A.) Morton to
1 Theu K. Hecht, lot on E line of Thlrty-flfth
j avenur, 35o S of Clement street, S 25 hy E
i 120; ?10.
i Albert and Malvena Gallatin to McCarthy
Company, lot on W line of Forty-fourth ave
nue. 1HO S of A street. S 50. W to point 2H0 S
of A street. NE to point 1*0 S of A street, K
to beginning: S1O.
; Fornando and Julia A. Nelson, to Jacob and
Dlna Rhine, lot on W line of First avenue, 250
S of B street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Solomon and I*nra Getz to Joanna .1. Ma
honey, lot on X line of I street, f>7:6 E of
Seventeenth avenue. E 25 by S 05: $10.
City Realty Company to C. W. Burgess, lot
j on S line of H street. $2:6 E of Fifth avenue,
! E 25 by S 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Andrew C and
Annie Wood, lot on NE corner of Forty-ninth
avrnue and M street. E 112:11%, N 62:6, W
llfi:lVi. S 62:6vi: $10.
Jennl«> M. Bull (Lambert) to Bernhard Gf tz.
lot on E corner of Forty-secrnd avenue 100 S
{ of O street. S 50 by E 120; $10.
: Ellen Cooney to Solomon Gets;, lot on E lino
of South *tre«t. 50 N of Crescent. N 75 by E
j 100. lots 61 to C3. block R, Holly Park: $10.
Baldwin & Howrll <a corporation) to J. B.
HaKsctt, lot 0, block 4, subdivision 1, Castro
street Addition; ?10.
Mary L. Jones to Philip Winkler. lot on R
linf of East Park street, 404 W of Andover W
2T, by S IOit. lot 14. block 7. Holly Park; $10.
Georpe and Kato Ryan to Patrick Roddy, lot
I on E line of Butler avenue, 5O N of "wall
I Ktreet. N 25 by E 75, lots 4 to 6, block 3, Fran
| conia; $10.
Abraham C. Freeman to Joseph Dally, lot
on S t-orner of Twentieth avenue and S
street. SE 60 by SW 100. block 409, CNeil &
1 Haley Tract; $10.
Frank and Michael Logue to Germania Build
ing and Loan Akw« iatinn. lot on N line of
Sickles street. 287 W of Wyoming, N 99 by W
3; $10.
T. and N. Llewellyn to same, lot on N line
of Sickles »tre«t. 287 W of Wyoming, E 25 by
N 09.03: $10. "
Germania Building- and Loan Association to
Thomas and Nannie Llewellyn, lot on N line
of Sickles str'rtt, 2»O W of Wyoming, E 26:0 by
N 90.03; ?10.
Same to Alice F. O'Hare, lot on XE corner
of Plymouth and Farallon streets, B 200 by
j N 12."». lot 7. block it. Railroad Homestead As
sociation; $10.
; Bernhard and Rose Get? to .Tampa A. and
! Mary A. McNeil, lot on NW line of London
street. 175 BW of China avenue. SW. 25 by NW
100, block 2, Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Walter Mohns (owner) with L. T. Fenn
'contractor and architect)— Concrete, carpen
try, palntlnif, plumbing, plastering for a flve-
I room cottage on lot on E lin« of Forty-seventh
avenue, about 150 S of J street, S 25 by- 120-
J16S0.
Blanche Oulif (owner) with Charles E. Co
burn «t-ontractr>r and architect) — All work ex
cept cas fixtures, muntels'and shades for two
two-Btory Rnd basement frame buildings on
lot on S l!re of Sutter street, 97 -E of'Devl«
adero, E 40:6 by 100; *S500. .
Jam»s A. and Mary A. McNeil (owners)
with Hair Bros, (contractors), ' . arclil
i tect — AH work, for a one ami a half story
I frame cottage on lot on NW line of London
I str»et. '75 SW of China avenue. SW 25 by
t NW 100. block 2. Excelsior Homestead: $2t*0O •
i TTiomas Cl. I^yons (owner) with Henry G.
1 Grieb (contractor), architects O'Brien & Wer
ner — All work for a three-story frame building
(flats) on lot on N line of -Ellin street. 112*0
v. of Steiner. ?5. N 137:6, W 25, S 137 -6.
Western Addition 360: $8040.
Frederick. D. Marsh (owner) with J. w
Mitchell (contractor), architect Maxwell g'
BuRbee — All work except shades nnd gap flx
; tures for a two-story residence with part bas*
1 ment and attic on lot on SE comer of Jack
son and locust streets, E 37:fi by S 102: $5050
Jennie May Burgren. wife of A. W. Burgren
I (owner) with J/ Frank Ball (contractor)'
j architect T. Paterson Ross— All work except
concrete work, granite steps, glass, plastering
i plumbing, painting. tinning. electric - work'
mantels, tiling, finish hardware.' gas fixtures"
¦ rt glSEK and Khndes fr>r a two-»torv and han>>
ir.cnt frame building on lot on E line of TyjUa
street. 225 S of r»arna*sus avenue. S 25 by
E 101. lot '15. block C, Sunset Heights; $2070.
GERMAN BARK ALTAIR.
WHICH ARRIVED TESTER
DAY FROM ANTWERP.
The German bark Altair, Captain R.
Fortmann, arrived yesterday from Ant
werp, havingr winged her way from
the old world port in 106 days, one of
the smartest passages on record.
The Altair was ninety-nine days
from the Lizard and was only five
days rounding Cape Hor;i. She had her
full share of heavy weather.losing some
sails in a gale encountered in the Eng
lish Channel and having her decks
swept and damaged on several occa
sions by big seas. r , t
She reached port irr'sood condition,
however, and to her credit one of the
fastest trips from Antwerp made since
1886.
The record sailing time from Ant
werp to San Francisco is 100 days, or
three months and a third, and was
made In 1886 by the British ship Mara
val. Prior to that the record was held
by the American ship Spartan, which
arrived here February 22, 1883, 101 days
from Antwerp. The Spartan was a fa
mous ship in day - when the Yankee
clipper was the finest and fastest ves
sel afloat. She is still in commission
and arrived here yeterday from Puget
Sound with 1,000,000 feet of lumber on
board.
The British ship City of Delhi made
the trip from Antwerp to this port in
1800 in 108 days. The Linlithgowshire
in 1888 made the trip in 104 days. Prob
ably the fastest passage on record from
an old world port Is held by the British
ship Merioneth, which about a dozen
year? ago came from Liverpool in nine
ty-six days.
lington, hence Mar 5. for Ladysmith. Passed ;
out — U S stmr Columbine; stmr Texan, for
Honolulu and Xew York.
Passed in Mar 8 — Schr Alvena. from San '
Pedro, for Port Townsend. !
Passed in Mar S— Stmr Umatilla, hence Mar
6, *or Victoria.
PORT HARKORD—Sailed Mar 8— Stmr Bo
nita, Tcr San Francisco.
LUDLOW— Sailed Mar 8— Schr Kailua, for \
San Francisco. » s
TACOMA— Sailed Mar 8— Ger ship Alster- j
nlxe for Oallno. (
FORT Bf: AGO— Sailed Mar 8— Stmr Green- ]
wood, for San Francisco. v
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Mar 8— Bktn ;
Gleaner, hence Mar 2.
EUREKA— Sailed Mar 8— Stmr Redondo, for !
Astoria; rtmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
SAX PEDRO— Sailed Mar S— Schr Comet, ¦
for Grays Harbor; schr W. F. Jewett. for Ta-
C0m&; stmr Chehalis, for San Francisco.
Arrived Mar S— Schr A. M. Campbell, from .
Blaino. ¦ . 1
COOS BAY— Arrived Mar 8— Schr Jessie
Minor, fcence Mar 3.
ISLAND PORTS. J
HONOLULU— Sailed Mar S— Bktn Amelia. |
for Eureka; U S stmr Thomas, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Mar 8 — Btmr Sonoma, from Auck
land, for San Francisco; U S stmr Sherman, ,
hence Mar 1, for Manila.
MANILA— Sailed Feb 1»— Stmr Shawmut, |
for Tacorr.a. •
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar S— City of Wash- !
ingtor», from Colon. /
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Mar 7— Ship
Erskine M. Phelps. ordered to Philadelphia. I
FOREIGN PORTS.
EAST LONDON— Arrived Feb 23— Br ship j
Windsor Park, from Oregon, via Port Natal. :
HONGKONG— Arrived Feb 24— Br stmr As- |
cot, from Orecon. j
Sailed Feb 26 — Stmr Taeomn, for Tacoma.
TAHITI— Arrived Fteb 23— Stmr Mariposa, j
hence Feb 11.
TEXERIFFE— Sailed Feb 21— Ger stmr Ser- !
apis, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Feb . 19— Ger stmr !
Nicaria. for Hambure.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Mar 5 — Br bark
Forfarshlre. from Port Hadlock.
.NAGASAKI— Arrived Feb 15— Jap stmr
Shlnano Maru, from Seattle.
PANAMA— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr City of
Sydney, fcentt; Jan 30.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 22— Ger stmr
Albenga, from HonRkong. for New York.
Sailed Feb 23 — Stmr Olympia, for Tacoma.
Mar 6 — Hr stmr Tartar, for Vancouver.
VICTORIA— Sailed Mar 7— Br stmr Athe
nian, for Hongkong, etc.
Arrived Mar S— Br «tmr Ping Suey, from
China' etc.
Sailed Mar 8 — Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco.
' CALETA BUEXA— Cleared Feb 14— Br bark
Earl Derby, for Honolulu.
HAMBURG— Sailed Feb 22— Ger stmr Den
derah. for San Francisco.
ANTWERP- Arrived Feb 23— Ger stmr SI- .
lesla. from South America.
1QUIQUE— Sailed Feb 23— Br bark Royal
Sovereign, for Honolulu.
KOBE— Sailed Jan IS — Br stmr Lytton, for
Moji. .-
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Mar 8 — Stmr 1
Ventura, hence Feb 18; Ger bark Alsterdam. •
hence Jan 21 ; Schr I-yman D. Foster, from
Port Blakeley.
NEWCASTLE, AUS.— Arrived prior to Mar '
S — Ger ship Orcega. from Santa Rosalia; Br
ship Wayfarer, from Sydney.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Mar 4— Schr Jo
eeph Russ. for San Francisco.
LADYSMITH— Sailed Mar S— Stmr Portland. !
for Seattle. ;
. MAZATALN — Sailed Mar 5 — Stmr San Juan, '
for San Francisco. '
RIO DE JANEIRO— Arrived Feb 18— Stmr :
Breakwater, from New Orleans, and sailed I
Feb 20 for San Francisco. •
OCEAN STEAMERS. '
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 8— Stmr Bre- I
men. from Bremen. j
Sailed Mar 8 — Stmr Rotterdam, from Rot- '
terdam; stmr Prinzess Victoria Luise, from |
Nassau, etc.; stmr Grosser Kurfurst, from'
Funchal.a
LONDON— Arrived Mar 8— Stmr Minnetonka,
from New York. !
- SYDNEY, N. S. W.— Arrived prior Mar 8—
Stmr Ventura, from San Francisco, via Hon- i
olulu and Auckland. .. • • •. |
e 1
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco '
Bay. Published by official authority of the I
Superintendent. I
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at I
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 '
rnlnutes\ later than «t Fort Point; the height |
of tide is the same at both places. ' t
* WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9. j
Sun rises .' 6:30!
Sun sets 6:11 I
Moon rises... ...1:20 a. m. j
M iTlme Time Time Time I ,
» I Ft. Ft. Ft. ( Ft. I
b |H W L W H W L W|
9 i 5:06 5.1)12:12 0.7 7:09 4.0 11:52 34
10 6:12 5.011:10 0.6 8:17 4.2...
L W |H Wl L W H W
11 1:06 3.1)17:13 5.0 2:0r- 0.5 0:07 4.4 i
12 I 2:05 3.0 8:13 5.0 2:47 .0.3 9:50 4«!
13 2:55 2.8 9:03 5.0 3:32 # 0.4 10:28 471
14 I 3:.18 2.5 9:50 5.0 4:06 0.5 11:00 4»l
15 I 4:17 2.2 10:30* 5.0 4:38| 0.6 11:27| 5.0
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd.310 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Blc. — 125 I> PA A... 189 1W
Anglo-Cal ..89 9ZV» Mer Trust... — 225
Bank of Cal. - 430 MerchEx..-- -
Cal Safe Dp.t45 — S F Nationl. — —
i First Nationl — —
| SAVINGS BANKS.
' Cer S Sl L. — 2300 Sav * L. So. — Iff
Hum S A L. — — Sec Sav Bit. — ««•
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. — —
S F Sat U.625 —
STREET RAILROADS.
i California ..190 200 i Presidio ....— «
G«ary — 80 I
POWDER.
Gtant «1 — |V!gortt »H —
SCOAR.
Han* P Co. — 40c jKIIauoa S C. — »
Hawaiian C. 46% 46«i Makawell C. 21 23S
HoDOkaa S C 12^ 13H Onomea S C 224 —
Hutch 3 P C 9 9to|Paauhau S C 13*4 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.138T, — Oceanic S C. — »
Cal F C A. 96 100 Pac Aux FA. ft —
Cal Wine A. — 94 Pac C Borx.l«7 —
MVft MtTm.lOO —
Morning Session.
Board —
if* Alaska Packers' Association. ..1M 00
135 Hawaiian Coml & Sujar 4* W
»0 S T Q* t A Electric »» W>
IS3 8 F Gat A Electric '.. 69 oO
93 S F Gaj * Electrlo 59 £S
10 Spring- Valley Water Cb 39 2&
: Afternoon Session.
Bffarrl —
15 Alaska Packers' Association. ..1S» 00
«n Giant Powder Con. s 10 61 60
25 Hawaiian Coml A Sut^r 4» £>
80 Hutehlnson 8 P Co j> «*
120 S F Gas k Eltctrle °9 30
20 Spring Valley Water Co *3 w>
Street .mm*
6 Hawaiian Coml A 8u*ar 46 8©
Unlisted 'Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Btd.ABk.
Bay CPC fls.lOO 103 S P Co 4Vis. 9* 90
B L Wat 6s. — 120 Sun Tel «».113 —
Cal NW RSs.lll*; — Doh - ¦ ¦ -J°2% —
8F Drdk 0s. — 11SH Suttr-at Ws.l«« m
SF St NPBe.lll — IUR of SF 4s. T»Vi .9*4
S P C R 4s. — 100 I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
>la S Co... 21 24 :Mlls Nat Bk.300 —
Cal Cot Mils — 95 iNev Nat Bk.lSO 210
Cal GAECor. 40 — -X S R R... 11 —
C Jockey Cl. 99 120 N C P Co... 9 —
Cal Powder. 125 — |Oale Bk Sav.112% —
Cal Ship Co. 15 3© ;Oak T Con.. 65 —
Cal T I & T.115 140 |IOOF Hall A 5*» —
Cen Bk Oak CR»i — Orpheum Co* — 16%
Chutes Co .. 6 'a — iPac S TelCo.100 —
City & C Bk. — 112 Paraf Paint. 39 —
Eaat Dynm.130 230 's F Drydoclc 60 —
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — ;SF&SJ Coal. 20 —
Fischer Tntr 1 — 8 J Wat Co. — 1M
Frnch-A Bk.105 — SO A MTjbt — 183
Gas Con A. 19^ 21 Swlss-A Bk.114 —
Hono P Co.. 12 — Truck Eleo.. — 13
Lon* SF Bk 60 UR InC pfd. 44t£ —
Mat Nav Co. — 90 D o com . . 10*4 —
California Stock & Oil Exchange*
Oil Stock— Bid. Aaked.
Alma 143
Apolio 43 ....
Associated Truat Csrtlflcatss 21
Altec T3 80
California Standard 10
Caribou 2 60
Central Potnt Con i 65 ....
Chicago Crude 1» 2I>
Claremont 49 51
Esperanza 2 '» >
Four TO
Fulton 3 T5
GUnt 19
Hanford 140 00 149 (K>
Homo 1 2f> 1 23
Ind^pendencw 1« 17
Junction 14 ....
Kern 4 «5 4 96
Monarch (of Arizona) . 4t ....
Monte Cnsto 73 80
Occidental off W Va 14
Oil City Petroleum .... .12 33
: Peerless n M>
i Reed Crude 1 2f>
: Senator <W ....
! Sovereign 45 47 '¦
St?-Hnsc 2 7"
Superior 04 <W
Thirty-three 7 .">f>
Toltec 19 2f»
Twenty. eight 4 25 4 50
j West Shore 2 SO
Miscellaneous —
, Abby Land A Imp '. .. 1 SO 1 ffl
[CtrOtvJ Company 75O
Fischer's Theater 1 CO
j Northern Cal Power 10 (0
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Wolverine 40
! Street —
j 500 Wolverine 40
i Afternoon Eess!oa.
1 Board —
IIOO Superior <W
500 Sovereign, a 10 46
Street —
COO Apollo 45
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
: Following were the sales on th» S»n Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
10O Andes 47 600 Crown Point. * IS
3M> Belcher 26 SCO Hale A Norc. PO
300 Bullion 07 20O Mexican 170
flCO Caledonia ...t 13 2"O Ophir ...*.... 4 7>n
10O Chollar IS 00O Savage f»
350 Con C A Va.t 65 50O Seg Belcher... 10
Afternoon Session.
50O Challenge Con 35 20O Savag* f9
'¦. 100 Con C A Va.l W 30O Savage TO
100 Crown Point. 20 2000 Scorpion .. (f
700 Justice 07 40O Seg Belcher.. 11
SOrtOphir 4 50 100 Union Cob .. 83
300 Overman 26
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paclflc
; Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornrng Session.
100 Best A Belch.2 00 400 Potosl \n
, 100 Con C A Va.l 63 1(V> Savaxe .. «7
AM Con C A Va.l 75 10O Sierra Ner '.'. .11
: 10O Con C Is. Va.l 70 10O Sierra Nev .. xi
i ICO OooM A Cur. 42 100 Union Con .. *.i
."00 Mextcan 1 75 «ftO Union Con .. s*
i 1 CO Mexican ...1 72^ 200 Union Con .. 8R
i 100 Mexican 170 ico Union Con .. M
I BOO Overman 29 300 Tellow Jacket 37
: Afternoon Session.
I 200 Best A Belch."2 00 f ROO Scorpion 02
200 Caledonia ...1 15 ton Sierra. NeV"" M
10O Mexican ...t «7H! 1 CO sierra X»v ro
200 Mexican ...1 72*,; S00 Union Con .„ Ki
200 Ophir 4 85 200 Union Con .. s*
1C0 Ophir 4 52^| S00 Tellow Jacket 37
200 Savage 71 •
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Frin
dsco and Xonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Cen Eureka.. 81 11100 Rescue . r.»
400 MacNamara . 18; lfto Ton Belmont! 57
200 Mont Toru.l 22Vj| too Ton Exten 12
NX) Mont Ton ..120!lOOToa Midway". 40
Afternoon Session.
S22 S* elrn^ S! Ton B'lmont. W
3*0 Mont Ton ..1 20 lrtO Ton Exten ?!
100 Rescue OS) 40O Ton Midway, io
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. March 8—4 p m
Bid. Ask. I BM Ask
Alpha 00 -OTJuatic. OS ca
Alta OS 10 Kentuck . 02 (vt
And«« 47 48 Keyea Graes . -.'in
Belcher 25 2« Lady 'Wash na
Beat A Belch.2 OH 2 15 Mexican ....\"l 70 1 75
Bullton OS 09 Occidental ... 83 M
Caledonia ...1 10 1 15|Ophlr 4 55 4 «o
Challenge Con 34 33, Overman .... 25 27
Chollar 17 19 Potosl i<* T 7
Confidence ...1 03 1 10 Savage 70 7t
Con C A Va.l 7rt 1 75[Jcorplon .... 02 fw
Con Imperial. 02 Oft Be* Belcher.. 10 11
Con NT 0B OR Sierra N«v .. *1 5>>
Crown Point. 1» 20 Silver Hill ..62 «3
East Sierra N 05 — |st Lonls .... 10 |a
I Eureka Con... — ¦BOjRyndleate ... 04 fr,
Exchequer ... It lfi!|Jnlon Con .. «L1 $3
Oould & Cur. 4t 4."!rtah 19 - a
Hale A Norc. 91 93, Tellow Jacket S5 37
Julia 04 06i * l
TONOPAH" MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bir , ..w
Coleban — 1* Ray Esten . A ""i
Esperanxa ... — 01 (Ray Ton 10 _
Gipsy Queen. — So Ray A OBrien — 07
GoH Anchor. 12 '-'." R«ni. ...; ,%,
Hannapah ... — 15,Ton Belmont! 39 k»
Hannapah Mu — 25; Ton * Cal. ->'n
Uttle Ton .. — 1 00 Ton Exten ' gj =f>
Lucky Tom.. — .CSjTon Fraction. — r,o
MacNamara . 1« 10 Ton of N> v .5 75 _
Mizpah Exten. 10 — Ton N Star B~ n
Mont Ton.. .1201 M^Ton Midway". 40
N T Ton .... — 02, Ton Superior. — 11
. Paymaster . . . — 12 United Ton .. 10 12
The Civil Service Commission yes
terday transmitted to Mayor Schmitz
a communication in which it submits
for the consideration of his Honor for*
any action he may deem proper in
the premises, certain official acts of
Auditor Baehr, which it considers are
in violation of the civil service pro
visions of the charter. The commis
sion specifies the particular sections
of the charter which it alleges Baehr
violated, the specifications being set
forth in a tabulated statement. The
communication says further:
"This statement, which was taken
from the Auditor's books, shows war
rants drawn by him in payment of
clerical work done on the assessment
roll in his office. In each instance
are shown the month in which the
warrant was drawn, its number, the
payee and the amount. Opposite the
names of the civil service men ap
pear the letters 'C. S.' All the others
are non-civil service men, appointed
in violation of the law, and all such
warrants, it is charged, were approv
ed by the Auditor in violation of one
or more of the charter provisions al
ready cited."
CIVILr SERVICK BOARD
APPEALS TO THE MAYOR
BERLIN, March 8. — Lieutenant
Karl Bezeke (.retired), after a long
and steady decay of fortune, yester
day took his last money and gave, a
splendid dinner in honor of his 19
year-old-daughter's birthday. Bezeke
then poisoned his wife and daughter,
two sons, respectively 12 and 16 years
old. cadets at a military academy, and
himself with cyanide of potassium,
which he seemingly inserted in the
mouth of each in the form of a pill
after they had gone into a drunken
sleep.
The sheriffs had taken charge of
everything in the house and labels had
been attached to Bereke's furniture,
etc., which would have been sold at
auction to-day.
After a brilliant career and a mar
riage with an heiress Bezeke had
reached the end of his fortune. He won
-the iron cross during the war of 1870-71
with France, married the daughter, of
a rich hotel-keeper, thereby having to
leave the service, as he married out of
his caste, and started a newspaper. The
lieutenant wrote well, but the paper
was not successful and he became
sales agent for a manufacturer and
then manager of a map-making enter
prise. He lived beyond hi3 means for
thirty years. Last night the Bezeke
family had a box at the circus. At 10
o'clock dinner was ordered. Bezeke was
especially gay and tender and pressed
his wife and three children to drink
lots of champagne. He died holding
his wife's hand tightly.
WASHINGTON. March 8.— The Sen
ate spent the entire day listening to
the committee amendments to the
army bill concerning provisional
troops in the Philippines and the con
solidation of the adjutant general's
office with the record and pension of
fice. The Pot-to Rican amendments
were objected to by Democratic Sena
tors us tending: to a more pronounced
military form of government. Both
amendments ultimately were accepted.
The bill was amended so as to pro
vide for an Increased engineer corps.
It was still pending when the Senate
adjourned.
Teller moved to disagree to th«
Senate amendment making* the regi
ment consist of three battalions in
stead of two, as fixed by the House.
The suggestion caused debate, which
took a wide range, concerning the use
of native troops in the dependencies.
Teller. Stewart, Spooner, Foraker,
Daniel, Carmack, Money, Morgan and
Quarles participated. In the course of
his remarks Foraker said that any
intimation that the President desired
to use the Porto Rican troops for an
improper purpose was unfounded. Car
mack said he took the proposition as
an indication of a tendency toward a
military government, saying that the
"distinguished soldier," Mr. Root,
had been mustered out of the office of
Secretary of War with flying flags and
blowing horns and that his successor
had been inducted into office under
similar condition?.
"Now," he said, "we are to have a
military display on the presentation
of diplomats. I am sorry the order
for that system was too late for
Bunau-Varilla. I would have liked to
have had the system in vogue on his
arrival and would have been glad to
command It."
Teller's amendment was rejected
and the provision for three battalions
was retained.
The Senate also returned to the
committee the amendment transform
ing: the adjutant general's office into a
military secretary's department. Proc
tor said the amendment was in the in
terest of operative detail, and he de
fended General F. A. Ainsworth, at the
head of the record and pension office,
against the charge of too rapid promo
tion. The provision promotes General
Ainsworth from a brigadier to a major
general. The amendment was
agreed to.
Culbertsdn suggested an amendment
providing for an increase In the en
gineer corps, explaining the necessity
for a larger number of engineer of
ficers in the river and harbor work of
the country. With some modifications
the amendment was accepted. It pro
vides that the corps shall be composed
of ten colonels, sixteen lieutenant
colonels, thirty-twq majors and forty
three captains, forty-three first lieu
tenants and forty-three second lieu
tenants.
An amendment was proposed for the
retirement with advanced rank of of
ficers who served in the Civil War. so
as to make it retroactive. The amend
ment was accented.
"With the bill still pending the Sen
ate at 5:54 p. m. adjourned, after a
brief executive session.
German Bark Altair Comes From Antwerp in 106 Days, Making One of Fastest
Passages Since 1886, When the British Ship Maraval Seta Never Since
Beaten Pace by Sailing From Belgian Port in Three Months and a Third
German Officer Kills Him
self and His Entire Fam
ily at a Birthday Feast
Senate\ Accepts
to Measure Providing for
Increase in Engineer Corps
WINGS HER WAY FROM OLD WORLD
PORT AT A RECORD BREAKING GAIT
MURDER ENDS
BEZEKE'S FETE
NEEDS OF ARMY
ARE DISCUSSED
Continned From Page Ftftera.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'/ WEDNESDAY; MARCH 0. 1904.
14
DEATH NOTICES.
Continned From Page Thirteen.
th» rfrose of his soul, at 8 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Ctofs Cemetery-
FttAPOLU— la thi* city. March 8. 1904. 611-
v!o. dearly beloved son of Teresa "nd/he
iste Pattista Frapolli, and brother of Mat-
,ir. Frank. Amelia and Romilda Frapolil
and Mir. Marslcano aDd Mrs. Martlnonl, a
li.-stlv* of P«n Krancisco.
CTTur.rral Ftrict'y private. Pleaee. omit
flowers.
KRKIERJU'TH- In this city, March 7, 1804,
*nnie ht-loved wife t>f the late George
Kreiermuth and devoted mother of Georne
K. Frrirrmuth, Mrs. E. H. Otto and Mrs.
H. B. Fr*ulding. a native of Ireland.
irTTriends and acquaintance* are respect-
rolly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
reFidence. 1T.24 Ellis street, between Web-
s='«r and FlUmorc. thence to St. Stephen's
1 "hurch. Fulton etreet. l*tw«n Webster and
nilniore. whrre wntoej will be held, com-
wcnclmr at 1 o'clock. Interment private.
Flraso omit flowers.
CLF— In thi* city, March 8, 1904, Luanda,
dearly- beloved wife of the late Mr. Gale.
»nd iovine- mother of Mrf. Bettie M. Davl*
ar.ii .Tamos and Alonzo «3alc-. a native of
Indiana, need <",6 yearn t> months and 11
.lave.
GILLCSPIE— la this city. March 8. 1904,
<;<'"rc«- A. Gflle«pie. dearly beloved husband
t>: Annie GUlespie. beloved father of Mrs.
V\a!t»T Gibson, Mrs. George l T pton. David
H.. Walter W. snd tlie late Georgie and
Eliza Glllesple. and grandfather of David
<;ihson. •* native ot Ireland, aged o4 years 4
months and 17 days. A nrrnber of Bay View
I. ..dee No. IS*. A. O. V. IV.
trJTriPncF and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tlie funeral to-morrow
¦ Thursday). «t 12:3't o'clock, from his late
residence." ITS Connecticut street, between
-s-'si «'lera ami Mariposa. thence to Ma-
*r.nic Hall corner of Fourteenth and Rail-
road svonues south, where services will be
held under thf auepiceE of Bay View Lodge
NV. 151*. A. «>. L*. W. Interment Cypress
Ijsn-n Omejery-
GltAY— In thts city. March 7. 1904. Dr. Wil-
liam O. Gray, beloved husband of Anna C.
Gray, a native cf MafsachuseUs, aged 4'1
*«ar* *> months and S days.
C~?"Rpmains at the mortuary chapel of
:h«» <:"lden Gate Undertaking Company.
"-•475 MiFFi'in street, near Twenty-first.
HULFV- In this city. March 7. J904, Nellie
T tx-loved wife ot Krrd W. Hadley. mother
1,-' rnd U. and Nellie H. Hadley, and sister
of Frank B. Hcllinj, a native of Massachu-
trtX*, agrd 41 ftaxm 7 months and IS days.
tTJTrler.ds and a.quaintar.oes are reepeot-
lully invited to attend the funeral to-day
rlVuilwurtirl at 2 o'clock, from th« njortu-
»•>• chai'ef of the Golden Gate Vndertak- J
ing Company,- »475 Miseion utreet, near
Twenty-firrt. Interment C>-pre»s Lawn Cem-
>-\rr\ . "by "lectric funeral car from corner of
Etsfeteentb and Guerrero streets at 2:30
o'clock.
lii:Xi>N- In this city, March S, 1004, Charles
.¦¦¦ . t.r-love-d sen of C. W. and Mrs. E. J.
Mt-non. and brother of Paul J.. Harry and j
¦ ieorce Heaoo. Mrs. Anya and the late Wal-
:^i Hcnan, a native of Oakland. Cal.. aged t
'Si yeerf and 21 day«=. lOakland papers please
copy.>
irirFriends pn(1 acquaintances are respect-
! silly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
<Thur^df.\t. at 2 o'clock, from bis late resi- j
¦ >n«*. 17*4 Market street, corner of Van
N<-ss avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery.
HKREFORD— In this city, March S. 1904.
Fl<jra J.. deariy beloved wife of Dr. William
tv liereford. loving mother of Mrs. Herbert
U Mortoti, beloved sister of Mrs. H. J.
Hrand. daughter of the late J. B. and Caro-
line Iieinh.irdt, and beloved aunt of Miss
Mjyle n»r.ri(i, a native of i^an Francisco. ;
f^Friend? and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to att«»nd the funeral sen-Ices j
••-morrow i Thursday >, at 2 o'clock, at her I
iate leFldcnc*. lS»il Lerkin street, corner j
¦ ¦r Pacific avenue. Interment private.
JA>'OBS— In this city. March S, 19M, Pierre, |
Gloved brother of Morris EL. Louis X. and ;
Murietta Jacobs, a r.atlvo of Sacramento,
• zl.. aged 40 years 11 months and 5 days, j
C5"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
Cully brrlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Thursday ». at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
liarlore of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate !
avenue. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. I
LITTLE— In Philadelphia, Pa.. March 7. 1004, j
• /harlen E. Little, son of Mrs. -Martha Little, j
and brother of Joseph M. Little of Honolulu. •
a native of San Francisco, aged 45 years 1
and S months.
MARKEV— In this city, March S. 1904, Owen,
husband ot ih» l&te Elizabeth Markey. and
i at her of Laurtnoe, Kate and May Markey
and Mr?. Lizzie Hhade, a native of County
Mi.'natrhart, Ireland. A member of Carpen- |
!'-rf' L'nicn No. 22. • >
C^Tho runtral will take i>lace to-morrow
tThursJay). at S:00 o'clock, from his late I
mrtd»TX*Q, S817 Twenty-fourth street, thence
to St. James Church, where a mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
• emetcry.
M.-< OHMACK— In this city. March C. 1904. ;
William J. McCormack, a native of Can- i
y.da. nt«i SS years. I
C^Fricnus and acquaintances are re«pect- '
rully inviu-d to attend the funeral to-day '
• Wednesday), at tt o'clock, from the funeral
Barton of Bunker & Lent. 2CW Mission '
*met, between Twenty-second and Twenty -
third. Oemation Odd Fallows' Cemetery.
NKMKC>;CK~In this city, March •}, 1904. Al- |
Ijert Ntmece, k. a native of Sweden, aged 24 1
years. A member of San Francifico Aerie No j
•". K. O. of E.
CTThe funeral and services will take
plj>re to-day < W<?dnc-sday), at 1 o'clo«.k, I
Trtm the parlors of McFadden, McBrearty &
«:reen. 1171 Mis=!»ion Etreet. between Seventh 1
«nd Eighth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
Kl'INKY— In Oakland. Cal.. March 8, 1004,
Hridm Kisney. dearly beloved wife of the
late Martin Rigncy. and loving mother of K.
¦'.. M. «'.. T. J.. J. J. and <*arrie M. Uigney.
end Mrs. A. T. French. Mrs. A. Hoenlsch, i
Mi*. K. J. Df.wling and Mrs. I •. Ferpuson. 1
1 r.ati\c of County ICoEcommon. Ireland, aged
7<> ;ear«.
Z3? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
iThur!*3ay>, nt :• o'clock, from her late resi-
•Vnre. i:;sn Tnelftli Ftre<t. thence to St.
Patrick's < 'huri h. where a solemn hish mass
will be eel equated for the repose of her soul
.Sit 9:S0 o'clock. Interment St. Marv's Cem-
• icry. Oakland.
IH.H.-KR— In this city. March 7. 1»O4, Fred
Hocks.' a native of Germany, aged C2 years
1" nionths and 17 days. A member oC Hig-
K<-|}>' *nd Strvedorts' Union, Local 222 I. L
IS. fcnd T. A.
C-? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Thuircayt. at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
• 1 the United rndertakers. S06 Mission
: ireet. between Fourtli and Fifth. Inter-
rrr-nt Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KTAN— In tills city. March 7, lfl04. Kate IJ
Ryan, relict of the late Thomas Ryan, a na-
iiv«-. of Ireland.
t^TiH' fumral will take place to-morrow
¦ Thursday), at *::«» o'clock, from her late
tT-sidenee. :sti«i Minna street, thence to St.
fj'atrick'K < liurch. where a requiem high
mays -will be celebrated for the repose ot
her nn\i\. at :* o'clock. Plrase omit flowers
Interment Holy Croc* Cemetery.
m:aRP— In Oakland. <•»!.. March 7. 1004 Her-
idti B. ,S<ars, t>elovpd father of Mrs. ' T J
KIfIi. a native of Danbury, Conn., aged KS
¦'.-frs months end 2'> day?..
,-.\5ITH — In t!ii? city. March S. ift;)4. at her
r^Mdence. i>v74 Twenty-second street Ellen
«.. arly beloved wife .nt Terrence Smith, a.n«l
lovlmr mother of Mollle and Mrs. J P
Hanrahan. a native of Ireland, aged 60 years
WAITK-In this city. March 8. 1904, William
II. Waite. beloved husband of Elizabeth
Waitr. a native of California, aged 40 years
4 months and 14 day*.
* Z •¦•¦"'
The *cmi-annuaj requiem high mass for
deceased members and deceased friends of
living members of St. Joseph'* Union will be
celebrated in St. Mary's Cathedral on Thurs-
day morning, March 10, at 10 o'clock A
¦emeu appropriate to the occasion will be
delivered by Itev. Joseph Biordan. S JPoujtry and Game.
The - third car of Western Poultry for the
week was on rale and cleaned up well at good
prices. Recettrts of domestic stock were light
and the market was steady, particularly for
fine youne stock. Poor and small stock was
inclined to easiness, but cleaned up well, never
theless. The quotations for dressed Turkey*
are omitted, as none have been received . for
some days. There were- no chanares in Game.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, I«<gl8c per lb:
Geese, t>er oalr. $24r2 25; Goslings. $2£?2 25;
Ducks $5 50$ti 50 per dozen for old and $0 50
©7 for young: Hens, $0 5&ff7 for large and $5
00 for small; young Roosters. $fi 30^7 5?: old
Rewsters. $563 50; Fryers. . $S 50<f« 50: Broil
ers. $.".(n.'> 50 for large and $4 50®5 for small:
Pigeons. $1 2561 50 per dozen. for old and $2 25
(flf2 50 for : Squabs. . - * :- - . - -,
•¦, GAME — Gray Geese. $3 per doz: White Gee<»e.
75c®?l 2»; Brant. - Si- 00 for small and «a f«r
While local securities were not active the
market was firm all along the line, and a
number of stocks advanced notably Gas and
Electric to $5» 50. Hawaiian Commercial t»
J4« 50 and Alaska Packers to $139, whli*
Spring Valley Water was firmer at $39 50.
There was nothing new In the oil and min
ing stocks.
Latest mining assessment.* are: Overman.
10-. Chollar 10c. and Julia -Tc.
The San Joaquin Oil and Development Com
pany paid a dividend of $2 50 per share,
•.mounting to $220.<tt0. on March 5.
The West Shore OU Company paid a dividend
of 1 cent per share, amounting to $5000, on
March 2.
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
has dtc:ared a regular monthly dividend of 20
cerr:* per share payable March 15.
Tl'.e Port Costa Water Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 30 cents per share
on Ma'ch 15.
STOCK AN'D IJOXD EXCHANGE. -
TUESDAY. March 8 — 2 p. m.
VXITED STATES BONDS. ¦
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l07%lCSVi 4s qr cp n«wl«v; —
4s qr reg..l07til0.m;l3s qr coup. .106V410"
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — (O T Co to. — llStJ
Fay CPC 5«. — 1«S | Do (1 "— U2\*
Cal C G 6«. — 1C4«4; Do con 5». — 103
- Cal O * E g |Oc«aTiie S 8a. — 75
m *• ct 5s. — »S ;Om Cable Oa.123 —
Cal-st C 5s.ll6*ill7^4'Pac O Im 4a. »O 9«
C C Wat 5». — 100 !P E By 6«..I05^ —
Ed L A P «s.l25 131 jP & C H es-iai^ —
F A C H ee.ll* 11« |P t O R 68.118 —
Geary-st 5«.. 45% W> iPo»*l»- 8 t to. — —
H CAS 5'is.lOl — .Sac EOAR5* — ' 10ft
Do 3s .'...»« OaHI-^F & SJV59.11«U4119i$
Hon R T ««.10« — .Sierra K «s.H2lj —
L A Elec 5». — I"* fS P of A «s
L A Ry 3s..ll2»ill3V i | <19O8) ir>.-,l,10«
L A L Co to — — 11910) 1W% —
Do ftd 6s. — — S P of C «9
Do rtd 59.103^ — (1903)S r A. — l(M»i
LAP lcra 3*101% — (19O5)3r B.105^ —
Mkt-stC 6«.11« — «19n»5) 1C«H1OT
Do lem 5a.llS — 41012) HSH —
MVA MtT5s.lO4 111% SP»J 1 eg 5s. — —
NRR «f Cfla.107 — Do stmpd. — 110
Do 2a 11*% — » P B R to. 134 — •
X P C R 5s.tO5 — 3 V W C «a.l(H«i —
N C Ry 5».. — — Do 4s 2dm. — 100
N C P C 5s. — 100 Do 4s .V!ro. — —
N S R R 5s. — 100«4 Stkn GAEOs — 100
O O LAH 5«.10S — U G A E 5».lO5t; —
O W gtd 5«- — 100
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 41 (Port Costa-. — —
Marln Co... — 63 IS V W Co. 3t»'i 39%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3H 3?4 3 F G A E. 5»«; 5»H
Mutual EL.— 10 8tkn G A E 5 — : .
Pac L Co...' M — V O A,E Co. 30 33
TRUSTEES' CEJITIFltATES.
s r g a e. — — I
Continued on Page Foartcrak
Meat Market.
Beef Is quoted a fraction higher for Steers,
but Ccws remain unchanged: The market' Is
firm. Mutton Is also firm, with moderate sup
plies, and Lamb continues scarce. The Cattle
and sheet) season In a month or six weeks lat«
and the hay-fed rtock Is becoming exhausted,
whll<* grass- fed will not appear l\anv quan-
Utv before May. Veal »» th« onlv really pten
tiful descriutlon on the market. Hogs are very
steady at the ouotatlons whicb have ruled for
n fortnight. R«cel?ts are not heary. but the
demand Ia light. . '
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7®Sc for Steers and 6<@A%c per lb
for Cows. . <
VEAL — Lars?.. 7^i«8Hc; small. R<t9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9Vi©10c; Ewe*. 9$0Vic
per lb.
LAMB— Yearling*, lie; Serin*. 16c.
, PORK— Dressed Ho*s. 76S«4c per lh.
LIVESTOCK . MARKET.
The following quotations arc for god. sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less SO
per rent shrinkage for Cattl«:
CATTLE — Steers. 8«S»c: Cows and Heifers
7@sc: thin Cows. 485c per lb. ¦¦:.¦"¦+-
CALVES — 104^ per lb (gross weight)
¦ SHEEP— Wcthrrs. 4«ie5c;. Ewes. 4U$4Uc
per lb («rross weight). ¦ "
LAMBS— 5H^* ! <* Per Ib.
¦-: HOGS— Live Uon*. Hf> to 200. lbs 5\c
ov»p 2(X> lbs. rtV,fio*(,c: soft Has-*. *Vi*i4-V,c;
Sows. CO Der cent off: Boars. 5O per cent off.
and Stags, 40 per cent 'off from above: quota
"— ¦¦- ••
DRIED FRUITS,
EVAPORATED^ APPLES-^The market . Is
steadily, held, with common quoted at 4®5c*
prime, 5^4©5%c; choice, 5 ! i@6c; fancy, «Va
@7C. % • r i
' PRUNES— Are meetlnu.wUh about a season,
able demand and rule steady, with . quotations
ranging from 5c to . 6%c, according to grade
¦ APRICOTS — Appear to be attracting rather
a better demand than recently, and supplies
continue moderate, with the result that prices
SUGAR — Raw, .firm; fair refining, 2 15-16c
centrifugal.' 9« test, 3 7-10c; molasses suear'
2 ll-16c; refined, firm. , —
COTTON— Futures closed steady, but 19 to
3S points lower.. . ". • , ••-
COFFEE— Spot Rio was steady! No. '7 In
voice, G 9-16c. Futures ' closed steady, but 15
to 20 points lower. Sales, B7.0OO bags, ¦¦ Includ
ing: March, 5.15c; May, 5.30c; July; 5 OOc-
September, 5.85@6c; December, 6.10©6.20c.
WHEAT— Receipts, 1C.C0O bushels. ! Spot,
easy. No. 2 red, ?1 elevator and $1 01@l 04
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 05
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Manitoba, nomi
nal f . o. , b. afloat. Options had a brief period
of strength early In tho session,- but' became
demoralized by heavy veiling and closed very
weak, l%c lower. May closed at 97c; July,
93%c; September, 85%c.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL-^-Firm ' '. . " ':J~- .:
PETROLEUM— Steady.
" NEW YORK, 'March 8.— FLOUR— Receipts.
36,000 barrels; exports. 12,400 barrels. Quiet
and nominally lower. ,
New York Grain and Produce.
Foreign Futures. ¦
.LIVERPOOL. '
Wheat / March. / Mas-. July.
Opening , Nominal. 0 7% -a 7"
Closing ............ Nominal, n ~u t 6 C T 4
PARIS. ' \
Wheat— March. SepU-Dec,
Opening ' 22 05 ' 22 05
Clostns: 21 95 21 05
Flour — • 4
Opening 2» 45 20 90
Closing, > 2» 35 29 95
Boston. JVool Market.
EOSTON, March 8.— There Is a firm feeling
in the woo! market, with fairly steady de
mand. Quotations: *J "' "
Terr(tor>-— Idaho njna.*15©18c; heavy fine. 13"
r.ilic: fine medium, 10®10«^c: medium, 16®
17c: low medium, 17@lSc. " . •
Utah and Nevada — Fine, 15® 10c; heavy fine,
13014c; .fine medium, l«V6®17c; medium. 18®
19c: Jow medium. 19#20c.
Wyoming— Fine. I5@16c: heavy fine, 13ffl4c;
fine medium, 10017c; medium, 18H@10c;.low
medium, 10020c. . * : . ¦
Montana— Fine choice, 19S20C; fine medium,
choice, lft-o 2Uc : averaee. 18@10c; staple, 19®
2Oc; medium choice. 19&2Oc.
,;.'•¦ ¦ . . . — " • 1
Northern -Business.
SEATTLE. March 8.— Clearings, $750,243
balances, • ?152, 007. ;
TACOMA. March 8— Clearings. , $383,491;
b&lances. $53,22«. .
PORTLAND. March 8. — Clearings. ?335.S4S
bslances. $.V>, iS». . • .¦ .*¦- • .. ¦ ¦
SPOKANE. March 8. — Clearings, $352 7S2
balances, «C0,6J5. '
¦ . % ~ " . .
. .Northerly Wheat Market:
...- OREGON. .
PORTLAND. March • 8.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 75c; Bluestem.'78€8Oc; Valley. S0©82o
..WASHINGTON. '
TACOMA. March 8.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem,' Sic; Club. ! 76c,
London Wool Sales'. . .
LONDON. March 8. — The - aecond series of
the 1904 wool auction sales . opened . to-day.
ThtFe was a large attendance. ' The offerings
numbered 13,062 bales. Competition was brisk.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Cons money. ..65 5-16[M K & Tex.... 16%
Do acct ....83 7-16!N'Y Central ....117%
Anaconda 3V{ Xor &. Western.. 57U
Atchison C7% Do pfd 8f)
Do Pfd 02 !Ont & Western.. 20^4
Bal & Ohio .... 7tt% Pennsylvania 5S>i
Can Pacific 113% Reading 20%
Chen i- Ohio 30% Do 1st pfd ... 3!)
Chi Great West. 15 Do 2d pfd. 2S>4
Chi. Mil & St P.I4P.14 So Railway 20*
De Beers 19% Do pfd.... H4
Den& Rio G.... 19^ So Pacific ...... 45
Do pfd CS Union Pacific 75%
Erie ; 23ft Do pfd. 00
Do 1st pfd C4 U S Steel 1134
Do 2d pfd 40 Do pfd 67V.
Ill Central ...... 1.10H Wabash iskJ
Louis & Nash...l0G Do pfd. S3
Bar silver — Steady. 2tt 11-lca per ounce
_ Money — 2Vi«c2J.i per cent..- -
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 3Q3 1-UI Der cent and for three
months' Mils 3 t-10@3i4 per cent:
London Closing Stocks.
Hops are quoted as before, with a quiet and
featureless market.
Hides are quiet here and in the East and
quotations show little change.. Most of the
receipts are poor and grubby and such stock Is
dull, but good, sound stock Is selling fairly.
Tallow Is 'quoted a fraction higher.
Wool continues featureless and will probably
remain so until th* new clip comes In.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brand* sell
about '-'.filo und°r quotations. Heaw Salted
Steers, 0>?c: medium. s"-.c: light. 7%c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 7-Tic for Ilsrht; Stags.
Cc: Salted KId. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 15«16c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. lSc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 2.Va.t0c each;
short Wool. 40ift'Coc each; medium. 7O0»Oe: lone
Wcol. *1!T1 50: Horee Hides, salt. S2 75 for
large and $2r82 SO for medium. $1 2T«Rl 75 for
small and 60c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 60c for Colts. Duck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c. dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
roras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium
35o: »mai;. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4U@4Hc per lb-
No. 2. 3>i*r4c: grease. 2V&<B3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs', fl®
llc:vMIddle County. ll«12c: Northern defect
ive. !>#10c; Xcvada. l.'lfilSc: Oregon, fine. 1S9
19c: Orecon. medium. 17c per lb.
I HOPS — 25<$.T0c per lb for California. 1903.
and 20c for crori of 1JX>4.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
. Local trading tn Potatoes was of a light
jobbing character, *ut all dealers reported a
good demand for shipment to near-by towns,
and the iecent arrivals of Oregon Burbanks,
ex-steamer, were gradually cleaning up. The
top quotation for Oregont was shaded, as there
was no strlctlv fancy stock offering from first
hands. In fact, the bulk of the supplies were
of low grade and seme- very poor lots sold on
the wharf at $1 15 per cental. Fancy Rivers,
were In good request and firm, while poor
quality offerings were inclined to easiness. A
few scattering lots of Sweets came In and were
readily marketed at the previously quoted rate.
Onions wcrt 'unchanged. -
Prices o* Asparagus had a further decline
under increased 'recelDts. nearly 250 boxes b»-
Ing received. Twenty-six sacks of bay. Peas
came in and orices were shaded. As usual on
Tuesday receipts of Los Angeles vegetables
were light and prices of carrled-over stock had
but slight quotable' variance. Rhubarb was
plentiful and sou at easier rates. Shipments
from the. recently organized Rhubarb-rrowrrs'
Association are expected at any time. The
Association has established a flat rate of $2 50
per box, f. o. b.. San Leandro. and sales have
beoo limited to five boxes to each house. 1 *
POTATOE8 — Burbanks from the river. $1 C5
@1 20 per ctl: Oregon Burbanks. $1 25ffl 35
per ctl: Petaluina and Tomales Burbanks.'
$1 1501 20 per ctl: River Reds. ?1«U 10 p*r
ctl; small Oregon Burbanks for seed. DO^^l
per ctl: Garnet Chiles. $101 10 per ctl: Early
Rose, $1 2501 50 per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $2 60
per ctl; new Potatoes. 2Vi©3c per lb.
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 €0^2 75 per ctl for Or
egon and $2 00(g3 for Nevadan; Green Onions,
304? 5Ge per box. . »¦•
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 15c per lb for
extra, - 10ffl2M,c for No. 1 and C@8c for No.
2; Rhubarb, «©8c oer lb; Green Peas. :Vaoo
per lb for Los Angeles and <V5Sc for bay:
String Beans. 10®15c per lb; Tomatoes; 75c0
$1 60 per box or crate for Los Angeles and
$1 25@1 75 for Mexican; Summer Squash from
Lo» -. Angeles, $161 23 per box; Cabbage.
$1 10 - per ctl; - Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. . 50ctff$l per dozen;
Garlic. C#«c per ' lb: . Egg Plant. 25c
per lb; Dried Peppers, 5@8c per lb for Stock
ton and 10<gl2Hc for southern; Dried Okra,
10(312^c per lb; Green Peppers. 13*l23c p«r
lb; Mushrooms, 10#l5c per lb; Marrowfat^
Squash l@iy«c per lb; Hubbard. %c per lb.
Pofatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
'General Firmness Exhibited by
Local Securities.
STOCK 3IAEKET.
NEW YORK. March 8.— Testerday's disap
pointment over the non-appearance of ! the
Northern Securities decision still weiishrvl upon
the market to-day and threw it ha " Into the
rut of dullness and sluggishness • .ic»i re
stricted it« movement last week. It was evl
, deijt that j-esterday's brief spurt of activity
had resulted in closing up pretty much all the
short interest which was opened as a result
of the expected handing down of the Northern
Securities decision. It is expected that as the
week draws to a cUw=e short lines will be put
out again In a tentative way to be covered
araln on Monday afternoon should thevdecls
ion still be withheld. The movement of prices
to-day was not consistent In one direction, for
as much as an hour, during the whole session.
Prices fluttered for a time either above or be
low ypptrrday's level, but without getting far
from that In cither direction. A more cheer
ful tone In th<» foreign market helped the
openln". Tbe London settlement was report
ed to "Vx> progre*ring favorably, and encour
agement was expressed that Paris once more
Fhowed a disposition to buy stocks In London.
Northern Securities made a further decline
ar.d with the persistent celling of Pennsylvania
undermined th« market and made the closing
w*»k at the lowe«t.
The flugrirh and Irregular movement of
stocks w»s cmrmunlrated to the bond market.
Total sales. ?l.Mrt.000. .
T*nlte<3 States bonds were unchanged on
NEW YORK STOCK LIST,
f-tocjes — ' . " "Sal«s. H'*h.. Low. Close.
Atchlscn 10.800 .CS»fc C4% *H!i
Atchison pfd 8$H
Baltimore & Ohio.. 9.800 75% 74 Vi 74%
Bait * Ohio pfd. r S8
Canadian Pacific... 400 110*4 110!4 110VJ
Cen '*rt New Jersey . l.*>3
Chesapeake .& Ohio 600 30 . 2SHi 2fltl
Chicago & Alton. •"»
Chi * Alton pfd... ' 200 82 81" SO
Chi Great Western. 100 14>4 1414 14%
ChWro & N W. . . 100 162 Ifi2 1C2
Chi. Mil ft Pt P. ... 13.200 ¦ 130% ' 13$% 1MJ4
C. M & St P pfd .... 172-
Chi Tsrm Ac Trans. 100 »^ fl^ 8'/4
Chi T * T pfd 100 20 20 20
C. C. C * St Louis ' - . -. 75 ;
Colorado Southern 17
Colo South let pfd. 100 *S5 !55 K4«i
Colo -Sooth 2dpfd. 200 24% • 24% 23%
Dela & Hudson l.QOO 155 154 154
Del, Lack & West. 200 260 . 200 25«
Denver * Rio G... 600 1$H 18^ 1«
Pen & Rio G pfd. a'»4
Erie 5. C00. 23 Vi 22% 22^
Erie 1ft pfd 60O fi2% €2 <n%
Erie 2d pfd 500 39 37?i 37»i
Hocking Valley ,.... .... -72',j
Hocking Valley pfd , . 78
Illinois Central.... 200 120'.* ' 126 12«%
Iowa Central .... 19
Iowa Central pfd.. .... 34.
K C Southern.. ...; ...'..... .17-
K C Soathern pfd.. 100 32>4 32^4 32
Louts & Nash... . 1.800 103^ 102>4 102*4
Manhattan L '. • 2.300 144% 143?4 14.1%
Metropolitan Sees.. -400 S4 -- • R4 S2
Metropolitan St Ry. 2.600-115. 114. 113^
Minn & Ft Louis 57
M, StP&BSM.. 100 61 Vt. 61U flflij
M.StP&SS M pfd. 117.
Missouri Pacific.... .1.300 R$'£ S7% 87^4
Mo. Kan &• Texas..." 1.900 Ifi^ 15Ti - 15%
M. -K&Tpfd 1.100 -37 36VJ -'-3«%
-Ntl RR Mex-pfd.. ..- * 34U-
New York Central.- 1.100 .114V4 113% 113«4
Norfolk & Weatern. 700 55 ?i ' 85 B5
New York Stock" Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. March 8.— CATTLE— Receipts,
25.00O; steady; good to prime steers, $5®
5 85; poor to medium, ?3 40(34 80; stockers
and feeders, ?2 50@4 15; cows, $1 50@4; heif
ers, $2 23<54 60; canners, $1 50^2 50; bulls, |2
@4; calves. 83©fl 50; Texas fed steers. $4©4 65.
HOGS— P.ecelpts to-day, 15.000; to-morrow.
25,000;' steady; mixed, and butchers. $3 25©
!> «5; good to choice heavy. $5 6595 70: rough
heavy, *."> 25®5 50; light, $4 70@5 5O; bulk of
sales. ?5 25165 55.
SHEEP— Receipts. 15.000; sheep, steady;
lambs, steady; good to choice wethers. $4 25fi)
4 75; fair to choice mixed. ?3 50®4 25; West
ern sheep, $3 50® i 5 25: native lambs, $4 70®
5 85; Western lambs, $4 5O@5 76.
Livestock Market.
, Receipts of Produce.
FOR TTESO'V. MARCH 9.
Flour, qr ska .. KW Tallow, ctls ... 301
narley. ctls l.»V "*owder. cs .... 272
Oats ctls !.*"> IMM, Xo 1^2
Beans sks 2. 4 -»r "aper. reams . . «V.
Potatd<w sks .. 3.CU °elts. No. S.l«:
Onions, sks ... 7"0 «i:gar. ctls .... 1.«W>
Hay. tons .... *>" «'|ne. sals S9.V0
Straw .tons 27 Quicksilver. flk» 1-^0
Wool. "bale* ... 1; Leather, rolls ..'' ' - V>
Screenings, sks. HO!
Beans show" no further variation. Limas rule
firm, with the south still in need of rain to
make a good crop. The other descriptions are
quiet, with some sales for overland shipment
at steady prices.
Canary Seed is quoted scarce and firm, but
there are ample supplies on the way here from
the East. Hemp Is also scarce and firm, with
a good demand. *
BEANS — Bayos, $2 35<ff2 55; Pea, $3; But
ters $3; small White, $3@3 13; large White.'
ti 60@2 80; Pink. $3 20@3 35; Red. $4 75@5;
Lima. $3 3G@3 35; Red Kidneys. $5; Blackeye,
$2 10?f2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans. $2©2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3 7504; Yellow
Mustard $3@3 28; Flax. $1 80@l 90; Canary.
6\ie&%e for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14£14%c: Rape,
lV4@2c: Timothy. f.@6Vjc; Hemp. .1K®3Hc p*r
Hi; Millet, 3ff3V4c; Broom Corn Seed, $2Og21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye, $2 25<&2 50 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
P^ime mercantile paper. 4%©5><i per cent.
Kterlinz exchanee wa-«i heavy, closing ¦ firm ;
actual business in bankers' bills. $4.8050®
4.W5«O for demand; sixty days, $4.8365^4.8370.
Posted rates, $4 84»4 and |4 87^-
Corcmerclal bills, ?4 S3*4.
Bar silver, 57Tic. ¦¦
Mexican dollars. 45c.
Bonds — Government, steady; railroads. Ir
regular.
NEW YORK, March 8. — Close: Money on
call I?4?i2 -x>er cent; closing bid, 1*4; offered
at 2 per cent. . *
Time loans were tasy; sixty days, 3@3>i per
cent: ninety days, 3Vi@3% per cent; six
monthp. 4 cent.
Nciv York Money Marker.
CHICAGO, March 8. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
00c; Xo. 3, .S0$?02c; No. 2 red,, 89^4^06^0;
No. 2 corn, .r.l*i®52c; No. 2 yellow, 52%c; No.
2 oats, lO^fcllVic; No. 3 white, 41%®43c; No.
2 rye. 6f»c; good feeding barley. 3.S@40c; fair
to choice malting. 45413:10; No. 1 fiaxseed,
$1 OS; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 14; prime timo
thy seed,,$:J 25; mess pork, per barrel, $13 87Vi
@14; lard, per 1C0 pounds. $7 1.1@7 17%; short
ribs stJes (loose), %<\ 97H©7 10; short clear
sides (boxed), $7 37U@7 60; whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 28; clover, contract grade, $11 65.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 53.400 21.500
AVheat, bushels 4U. 000 27.300
Corn, bushels.... 29B.000 ¦ 155.700
Oats, bushels tt 313.200 15O.400
Rye, bushels 17,100 14,300
Barley, bushels 103,900- 33,100
Eggs and Cheese.
CHICAGO. . March 8. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day tho butter market was dull and
easy. Creameries, 144I23V4C; dairies, 13%<j?21c.
Eggs, steady at mark, cases Included, 10 *A<§
ISc. Cheese, steady, 10«4@ll%c.
Cash Grain and Provisions.
At Dresent all the markets under this head
are without feature. Hay and Feedstuffs con
tinue -Heady . and in good shape for sellers,
with moderate stocks.
BRAN— $21022 per ton. '
MIDDLINGS— J27 5C@20 per ton.
SHORTS— $21«?22 per ton. ¦
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24^25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. >2U .VNffi.U ;
Jobbing. $32: Cocoanut Cake. $22023; Corn
Meal." $29 S0&30 50: Cracked Corn. $30@31 ;
Mixed Feed. $22??23; Horse Beans. $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $15@1S: Wheat and Oat, $1."V9
17 60; Oat. $15@17; Wi!d- Oat, ?14@16; Bar
ley $1.1@15: Stock, nominal— none here; Al
falfa $12*; 13 CO.
STRAW— &0@75c per bale.
Llax and Feedstuff s.
The stock exchanges all over the world con
tinue quiet and mere or less depressed. Wall
ftr«^>t stocks were off again yesterday. Amer
1 ar.s were h^avy in London, and cables from
Dm Continent re-ported that the. European mar
kctl showed no improvement from the depres
fion heretofore prevailing. There vu ro war
:tws of any consequence- to affect values, an1
:r. fact, advjrr* from several speculative cen
t«* fay that the war has lost much of Its
fnree a* a factor in affecting prices, having
''feme rretty thoroughly discounted by this
time, though a military reverse of great lm-
I ortar.ee to «Hher the Russian cr Japanese
Brr-.t would of course produce its effect.
Retail Meat Prices.
The following retail price* for meats are
qootad by the Retafl Butchers' Protective A«-
Foc'.ation:
RBEF— Prime- Roast. 15318c; Porterhouse
hteak, lK.522%e: Tenderloin Slealc. 15@18c;.
i-irloin Steak. 12%@15c; Top Round Steak.
ICHe; Keef Stew. 10c; Corned Beef. SfrlOe;
Four Bonos. 4c; Soup Meat. 55?lOe.
VEAL — Loin RoaM. 15e2&c; Shoulder Roast,
I2%&l£c; Chops and Cutlets. 15&20c; Stew.'
12^'ai^-
Mt'TTON— Leg. 15c; Forequarter, 12Hc;
Ptrw- S-giOc; Prime Chcrs. 1562Oo.
LAMB— Leg. 20c: Forequarter. 12%@15c:
Hln<1«3uarter, lS^20c; Shoulder Roast. 12%c;
C'hoi'S. 20c.
PORK — Rc*»t. lS^iglSc; Chops. lR@18c.
Th* 1 ?* rncet do not cover the cheaper grades,
st H is impossible to quote regular rrices on
ihTn.
The Weather and Crops.
Th* weekly rerort of A. <5. MrAdie, section
cirector of tbe climate and crop service of ths
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
OENKRAL SUMMARY.
The weather .during the week continued warm
and partly cloudy, with frequent «howers In
the central and northern sections. Tiiucder^
ftcrrn, »c"ompsni«sl by heavy rhowers. oc- 1
r'jrr<"1 alonp the n^rthTn coa^t on the evening J
of '.he 6lh. Frcin San Francisco "Bay north
ward the seasonal precipitation is now consid
erably above the normal. At PeachlanJ the '
observer reivortt 40.S0 inches up to March 1.
Th* floods in the Sacramento ar.3 San Joaquin
valleys have mostly sobalded and dra.Ir.inz of
the . v. -.!,:¦- ie In progress. In all Btctions
< xcept the overflowed land? grain and grass
ar* in excellent condition and have made rapid
growth during the i»ast week. The outlook is
£•'-<& tci ...-'»¦ croiis in nearly all places that
v.--;e not flooded, and partial Cropa may be
iKis»-d oa thuse lands. The exien: of the dam
. tt hy hith water cannot be estimated until
be iar.ii? are drained. Farm work is progress
- In the northern section?, but good
pmcnei it> beics made in fill ether sections,
¦ir-ea T*eC is plentiful in nearly ail places, and
1 atxla are improving. The planting of sumraer
tanSena is in progress. In .Southern California
the rainfall ot tht preceding w«rek was very
beneficial- and tbe soil is in very good condi
tion.
" Deciduous fruit trees are rapidly coming into
L!-»uin in nearly all sections, and the present
ouiluok is good Jur excellent crop*. The acre
age in fruit trets and grapes has been con
s-:<;..rably incrvased. It lsre-pcrted that citrus
:ru;ts in Southern Calitornla were never In
better eoiuiiUoa tt»*ta it pretent. but owing to
narked «.hort»«e of t-ars picking mky t»e tera
j»urariiy diseontinued.
b'ACUAM£2CT0 VALLEY— Warm, cloudy
weather irevailed moft of the week, with fre
<iu<_-nt 6howtr>. Tne nooUa have subsided ex
.'¦i.l on me recliismed iar.ils niov.g the Sacra
ji.-.ito lt:\«rr, mmn the Uama^e 10 crops will
probably L« heavy. In othtr ajtctioab gram
(xmzlniiea in t-xc«-i.ent conu:tiun and is maKlius
!i:j)!U crowih. *in*rti leeu is abundant ana
uurttc «re Going 'lhe bre«ikins of the
:• rea and Uouamg oi the lowlands will prol>
at,iy mauriaiiy reduce the grain crop, but the
tuU exiett 01 U»e It^s wiU uol be knu»d until
tu- l-.rj<is ure dr*iu*A. i arm work is progress
;hl kiuwiy uuing to the h«-avy condiuon of the
mmL but « l*r«e acreage had b?en pUnted
l^-'ore tfce floocs. t>eclauous iruita are in .«
,. i;,nt condition. Almonds are setting and
uruapecta are good. '
,-ijaST ANIJ BAY SECTIONS— The weather
."•itinue'j warm and vtiy javorable for crops
liunig the WedL Light rain fell at intervals
1:1 neariy all nectionf. The observer at l-*e»u:h
l.ind r^lK)rt« liie e»-asonal raintall to March 1
a- 4<« v*i inches. A thunderstorm occurred in
.-ar. F:anc!sci» and vicinity riunday evening, ac
i-omcanled by a heavy shower. The grain crop
ix now »a very rood condition ana growing
rapidly in all Uifctricts, and the outlook tor a
lar« yl»-M in confiderwl excellent, .orven leed
is plentiful. Farm work has been susj^nded
in meet of the northern sections, but Is pro
gressing in the otntral anl southern districts.
I«rcldaous fruit budf art swelling rapidly and
rume varietie* of early fruits are in full bloom.
1*1 (Win 1 !¦ are cood for excellent crops.
KAN JOAQUIN VALLEY — The weather dur
ing the fore part or the w?»k was cloudy, with
g»od rains, and the latter part clear and warm.
Three conditions wrre most favorable for all
growing crop* and green feed. Grain and grass
arc making rapid rrowth and green leed is
plentiful la mott sections. Much of the low
:.-.:. s.\ northeast of Stockton and some of the
island* in thf: San Joaquin were flooded by
breaking of the leveem and crops eertously
dama*r»-d. Tbr water is now falling fast and
1.0CK of the overflowed land will be planted
later in potatoes. In many places the ground
that wan too dry for winter plowing is now
b<Sng fumir.'.r-f allowed. Apricots, almonds and
plums are ia bloom. Irriration water is plen
tiful, fitock are thin, but Improving rapidly.
HcffTT mow 1* reported in the Sierras.
HOI'THEKN CALIFORNIA— The weather
w»s warm an<* partly cloudy during the" week,
witii llrht wextprly wind?, and conditions were
favorable lor all crops. The rain at the close
of the preceding week was very bcneflcUt,
marly all of it having twen absorbed by the
Foil Grain ir lookinz well and making rapid
growth: v.uh th* rustomary rpring rains it is
probable that a fair crop will be raised. Green
•r'O is becoming plentiful on the hills and in
the valley* aird cattle are improving. Garden
rrakinr U in progress. Citrus fruits were
never in better condition, ar.d all other fruit
tree* ar« looking well.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY— Crops generally
mafic frood growth »nd will not suffer for rain
j or a week or ten day*. Grain, with .good
spring rains, will make fair hay crop. Oranges
ar«- o\-«-rripe In some places «nd dropping.
EUREKA SUMMARY — Owing to continuous
i-alny weather ail farm work is suspended. The
warm u-mjxrature caused grass and fall. grain
to make rapid prowth.
Weather Report.
I2/)th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAX FBANCISCO. March 8. » p. m.
The following are th« seasonal rainfalls to
<3ate as compared with those of umc date last
.-•at'jr. and rainfall in last twenty- four hours:
> Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Kurc-ka O.«2 45.96 43. R4
Red Bluff 0.17 21.50 19.24
.Sacramento 0.05 10. R0 12.28
s«n Fraacieco O.15 ll.W i:,H :
Fresno *».«4 H.90 «.19
!nd*p<>nd*nc# Trace 1.6« 1.82
Kan Luis Obicpo 0.01 S.67 13.43
EASTERN MARKETS.
Los Angeles... 0.00 3.22 9.96
Ban Diego.... 0.00 1.93 9.68
THE COAST RECORD.
H g g 0 » *3
3 ga || S .
s ii II E| Vo I
STATIONS. J 3|53:b % P
: " % I :** : ?
. . • ? ; ' ; • ¦
Farallon 29.90 .. 62 NW Pt.Cldy .20
Point Reyes.. 29. R2 65 47 NW Pt.Cldy .20
Baker 29.60 48 40 NE Cloudy .10
Mt Tamalpais.29.88 47 45 NW Clear .54
Carson 29.06 48 42 ' W Clear .18
Eureka 29.90 54 48 W Cloudy ,42
Fresno 29.84 70 56 N Pt.Cldy '.04
Flagstaff SS.60 5S 26 ¦ SW Clear T.
Pocatello 29.38 46 44 E Cloudy .34
Independence 29.56 «8 48 NW Rain T.
Loe Angeles.. 29. 74 74 5S SW Cloudy .00
North Head.. 29. 74 44 40 NW Cloudy .06
Phoen'x 29.fiO 84 54 SW Clear .00
Portland 29.72 50 46 W Pt.Cldy .19
Red Bluff 29.78 T,H 54 ~W Clear .17
Roseburg 29.80 48 44 SW Pt.Cldy .38
Sacramento -.29.82 60" f.6 W Clear .05
Salt Lake 29.40 O0 44 S Pt.Cldy .20
San FTflnclseo.29.90 -54 54 W Clear .15
S. L. Oblspo. .29.88 C2 52 W Clear .01
San Diego.... 29. 80 &S 56 NW Clear .00
Feattl- 29.70 48 40 S Pt.Cldy .03
Spokan© 29.54 43 44 SW Cloudy .09
Tatoosh 29. C6 44 40 W Pt.Cldy .«1
Walla Walla. .29.60 50 48 SW Cloudy 1.20
Wlnnetnucca .29.54 54 4S SW Snow .06
Yuma 29.t>0 PO 56 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. '
A dlrturbance of great depth overlies the
lntermountaln region. Snow is falling in
Northern Nevada and very high northwest
wlntis are reported at nearly all points between
California and the Rocky Mountains.
The temperature has fallen 22 degrees or
more at Los Angeles. Wlnnemucca. Carson
City and Independence. .Cold-wave warnings
have been issued for Nevada and Southeastern
California. Kastbound travelers through Ari
zona. Utah and Nevada may expect severe
wecther oondltirjis. .
A thunderstorm Is reported at Fresno.
The following maximum wind velocities are
rt-forte'l: Fresno. .'tS' miles northwest; Lm An
pe'es, 32 miles Fouthwest; independence. 30
.raiies northwest;. Careon City. 36 miles west;
Wir.nernucca, 28 milrs southwost; Salt Lake
City. 3S rnlles northwest; Modena. 52 miles
southwest, and Boise, 30 miles west.
i Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours. enfHns midnight, March 9:
Northern California— Cloudy Wednesday;
brisk westerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Wednesday, probably showers; brisk
to high west wind. ,
Nevada — Snow or rain Wednesday, much
colder, with cold wave; high northwest winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Wednesday; brisk westerly winds.
-A.' G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Tone of the Bourses.
July 52>,i B2T4 51 61
September 51% 51% ; 50 5OV4
Oats No. 2—
May 42% 43% 41% 41%
July 40 40% 39V4 39V4
September 34% 34% 34% 33%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 13 »5 14 12% 13 77% 13 37%
July ......14 10 14 32% 13 97% 14 10
Lard, per 10O lbs —
May ..... :.*..: . 7 35 7 40 '7^7% 7 32%
July. .....745 7 55 7 42% 7 50
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May ...7 25 7 25 7 15 7 17*4
July 7 35 7 37% 7 27% 7 20
CHICAGO, March 8. — Contradictions of the
reported settlement ot the Argentine strike
caused an improved tone', In wheat.' Notwith
standing a considerable Cecllne at Liverpool
May here was steady, with prices %c lower to
%c higher at. tta%c. to »4%c. -t July was up a
snade to %«j%c at b9t*c to 9ov4c. For .a
time the maiKel ruled quite firm, aided by tho
strength In coarse grains. ¦ Another bull fac
tor was the absence of ,raln; In- Kansas and
Oklahoma.'. In addition there x was, as com
pared with last year, a smaller movement in
the Northwest, tshorts covered, freely in both
May and July, the latter option selling up t»
i»0V»c, while May sold firm fet »4%c. Toward
the middle of the day, however, the sentiment
chanred. ;On an attempt of some of the bull
crowd to I dispose of. their holdings, the pit
crowd suddenly took the gelling side of uie
market. There was apparently no wheat
wantedA and before buyers could be secured
prices slumped severely, May ttropptng to 92c.
whlle"July sold off to tt»ttc. Large receipts In
Kansas City,- which seemed -to show that com
paratively little, alarm is' felt "In that section
as to the growing crop, ¦ was apparently " the
bear factor. The market rallied slightly sev
eral times late In the day, • but ' on each up
turn commission houses had plenty of selling
orders. Just before the close extreme weak
ness again developed and ¦¦ May declined i to
01%c, a- loss of 2%c from the high point of
the day. July dropped. to 87%c, a decline of.
2%c from the top. Final figures on "May were
tU»4c. July closed at 88c.
Hlzher prices at Liverpool due to reported
unfavorable weather ' in Argentine caused
strength In corn rit early in* the session. The
close was comparatively steady and lower,
with May at 53%c. • Y
Oats met with a fair, scattering demand
from commission houses during the first part
of the session ,and with light offerings prices
were moved up nearly a cent for • May and
July. The close was fairly steady, May clos
ing i,£c to %c higher. at 42«4e. .. • -
A big reduction In receipts -of hogs and'.an
advance in prices at the yards caused firmness
In provisions early in .the, session. (There was
considerable liquidation both by local and out
side holders late in the, day, owing to the
weakness in sra-ins. All. of the! advance was
lost p.nd the close was near the. bottom. May
pork closing unchanged, lard up 2%c and ribs
a shade louver. "•-.w." " r-
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — ' Open. -High. .Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — ¦*¦
May 94% 94% " 91% 91»4
July (old) «1% .01% 88% 89%
July (new) ItOU " 90% 87% 88
Sept (old) "86% 86% 83% 84%
Corn NO. 2—
May 5TU f.5% 53% B3%
Future Grain and: Provision*.
Tli.; tfr.tJency here is downward, though there
is m: fvrthci decline in 'Bacon and Lard, and
Hams are quoted steady. There is a moder
ate i.Vmnnd for barreled goods for shipment.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy. He for Hzht medium. 13c for light,
13V;C for extra light- anil* 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13%c: California
Hams, 12»,ic; Mess Beef, $10 COtfll per' bbl:
extra Mess. $11 50(012; Family. $12 50«l.T:
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear.- 521S2.",;
Mess. SIS. Dry Salted Pork. lO'^ifJllc: Pis
Pork. *27: Pisa' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
LARD — Tirt-ces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 9V»c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
9%c; 10- lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins, 10',ic; 3-ib
tins. 10V 4 c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9«Ac: three
half barrels, 9 '4c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, STfcc per lb.
Tho general situation remains the same,
both liere and In the West. The Chtcngo mar
kit mips weak, with no support except fnim
outset- buying, and this.* has been falilcg off
of late •• <.
Provisions.
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades. 50-lb cases — 2
crown Loose Muscatels, 5%c per lb:
3- crown, 6%c; 4-crown, «%c; Seedless Loose
MutcatelH. 4A4c; Seedless floated. 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga locse. Be: 3-crown Malaga loosa. 5**c:
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, 4%c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. i>%c. Layers. p*r 2O
lb box — »J-crown Imperial clusters, $-1; 5-crown
D«he«a clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters,
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy lC-oz
cartons, per lb. 7*ic; fancy 12-ox cartons, per
package. 6%c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7%c:
choice lti-oz cartons, per lb. 7%c: choice 12-ox
cartons, Der package. 6%c; choice- bulk car
tons, per lb. TViC; l«5-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per lb, 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedllncs, Muscatejs, per lb> 5%c; bulk,
s«cded Seedlings, Muscatels per lb. ii%e.
NUTS— WahiuU. No. 1 softsh««l!, i:iVi«14c;
No. 2. lUji312c; No. 1 hardshell. 13<?m%c;
No. 2. llmlliic: Almonds, ll»«,c for Nonpa
reils, 11 Vic for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
ami nVic for . Lansuedac; Peanuts. t^STc for
Eaptem: Pecans, liei.ic: Cocoanuts. $4 50Q5.
HONEY — Comb. 10i{Jll%c for white ?.nd 8%
ffl9%c for water white extracted. 5U
5Hc: Ught '"amber extracted, 4%@4%c; dark,
BEESWAX— 27g29c per lb.
The situation in Fruits is about as before
quoted. Stocks are light both here and In
the East, and the market is rather firm than
otherwise, though the demand ' is narrow and
chlofij for small lots to keep up assortments.
App'es are meeting with the most attention.
?ruv.es and Raisins are the only descriptions
in liberal supply, and they are quiet. Honey
Is quiet and mon« or less weak, with sellers
••hading nt!oiat*cr« to realize. Cuban Honey
is competing rharply with the California arti
cle in New York, and this Increases the de
pression in the goods, as sales of Cuban as
low a« the equivalent of 3c per lb. f. o. b.
for the California product are reported. Nuts
ar- quiet and not materially changed.
FRUIT— Apricots. tfViiQ10%c for Royals and
0$?12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4V4@
5^c; sun-dried, 3*4<g4Hc; Peaches, 5®7%c;
Penrs. sgll%c; Nectarines, 5@5%c; Figs,
white, 34iic in boxes; black, 4V«c; Plums, pit
ted. 5<gSc iK>r lb.
PRUNES — 1!)03 crop. 2%@2%c for tf>« four
sizes.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
APPLES- — $1 7o(g2 per box for extra fancy.
$1 25'Bl 50 ;or ordinary fancy. S5c<g$l for
choice and 35©Coc for common.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 75®2 25
per box for fancy, $1 25® 1 50 for choice and 75c
«j?l 10 for standards: Seedlings. fi(!c£$l; Tan
rerincc, 75cig$l 23 per box; Lemons. $1 75@2 50
for fancy. $1 25^1 50 for choice and 75e^$l for
standard; Grap* Fruit. $1 25*02 50; Mexican
Lime*. $O!gf« 30; Bananas. $1^2 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $1 50<g2 25 for Central Ameri
can; Pineapples, $1 5002 50 per do»en.
Common and trashy Apples were still abund
ant and hard to sell, some very poor lots be
ini offered as low as 25c per box. High
pri-:** were still asked for fancy stock and
the demand was limited In eonsequence. The
(Jlir.titions for Winter Nellls Pears are with
drawn, as stocks in coU) storage are prac
tically exhausted.
The Orange market was weak and very
much depressed at the opening.- owing to the
stormy weather, which prevaited during the
e*».iiy ttade. but the demand Improved consld
ernMy later In the day. when the weather be
can? milder, ' and In the afternoon a good
moveuimt ! was noted In the standard and
choice grades of Navels, which have been
having the most call of late. Fancy fruit was
stl!l neglected, but was flrmly held, as .stocks
wrre comparatively light. Eight cars are an
nounced for to-day's auction. The other Cit
rus fruits were without quotable change and
the best offf-rings of all descriptions met with
a f»ir irquiry. Stocks of Bananas In th«
c« liars were large, but ripe stock was not
o\er iM«rt ! fut and prices were well maintained.
The Honolulu steamer brought up 5CC2
bunches.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. *%*»
7c per lb; W>ite Lead. 6%®7e. according to
quantity.
QI T irKSILVER— $4*944 for local ua» and
$42 .VWI4:! 5O D«r flask for export.
SALT— Bales. $1 40: Dairy. $S 5 p«r ton:
GmnulateO. $0 5C310; Half Ground. 100-lb
bass *4 5ti; do, 5O-lb bags. $5; Rock Salt.
$4 ?5 In 100 »nd II SO In SO lb bags; Genu
ine Liverpool. $14 $15 and $18 per ton In pack
ajre* of 224. 100 and 5O lbs respectively.
SUOAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes tut follows, per lb. In lOO-lb bass:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.55c;
Powdered. 5.40c; Candy Granulated. S.40e: Dry
Granulated fln*. S.SOc: Dry Granulated, coarse.
S.rwc: Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Bert Granulated
rion-!b bags only). 5.10c; Confectioners' A.
5.30c- Magnolia A. 4.90c; Extra C. 4.80c:
Golden C. 4.70c : "D." 4.60c: barrels. 10c mor*:
half barrels. 2.V; more: boxes. 50c more: .Wlh
basts. 10c more for all ktnds. Tablet* — Half
barrels 5 SOc; boxes. 8.0R<-: H. * E. Crystal
Domlnos S.30e per IK No ord««rs taken
le-«s thsri i^venty-flve barrels or Its e<ruival#at-
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sl»e«. $18019: ex
tra sixes higher: Redwood. $I!>«23; Lath. 4
T*»t « 7iWM: Pickets. *17ff23; Shlnglesi $2 for
No. 'l and $1 50 for No. 2: Shakes. $14 for
split anil *15 for sawn: Rustle, *.T2'S*."t4.
MINERAL SEAT* OIL — The Standard Oil
Company <iu«tes 18U<- ?cr eallcn In bulk. 21c
In wooden barrels and 24'4c in cases.
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 10«l 12; Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut, 60<370c per gallon:
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 8.V; natural winter Sperm Oil. SOc: extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whal»
Oil. «i0c: extra winter strains! Lard Oil. 7Sc;
No. 1 Lard OU. 60c; »urw Nuatsfoot Oil. 7Sp;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light Herring Oil.
4^c : dark Herring Oil. 4.1r : Salmon Oil. 3«c:
boiled Fish, Oil 40c; raw Fish Oil. 3Sc: boiled
Paint Oil. 35c: raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water Whit* Coal O41. In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 2O%e: Astral, 2OV,c:
Star. 20%c: Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 2«%c:
Eocene. 23Hc; D*K*lort*«Hi Stove- Gasolln*. In
bulk, 10c: In cases. 22%c; B^nain*. . In bulk.
13c: in casea. 19%c: 86-degre« Gasoline in
bulk. 2.V; In caees. 31c.
TURPENTINE— S4c p*r gallon tn caaes and
78c \r\ drvms and Iron barrels. :
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 20«.T2c: . extra
heavy, 30<S4«c per lb; medium. 27029c: light.
2J^20c; Rofcxh Leather. 2*V328c; Harness
Leather, h»avy, 35^30c for No. 1 and 2SMJ15c
for N<-,. 2; m*ilium. irxQU'c: light. 29®.»c:
Skirttnsr. No. 1. 40©42c: No. 2. 36fl38c: Col
lar Leather. IXfiKk- per foot; Trace Leather. 40
CMic; Kip. unfinished. 40*f3Oc p*t lb; Wai.
finished. MV8«0c r*r lb: Calf, finished. 6.VS$l
per lb; Wax Sides, 16017c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14ffllCc; Rough Splits. «<310e p«r lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $20®2S per ton; stick.
$15«1»* per cord.
OILS — Quntattons ar« for barrels; for cases,
add 5c; Linseed. 4»c per gallon for boiled and
Nicaragua — 12 l i©13*4c nominal for prime to
fancy washed; DVf.'Bllc nominal for fair to
strictly good wajhci; BHtU%9 for good to su
perior unwashed: 9«4fJ10%c tor good to prims
unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 14913c for fancy
wa.«hed; 12'4'S14o for prime to strictly prime
wa«hed; ll^igll^c for strictly good washed:
107461 Ic for Tond washed; O^ClOHc for fair
washed: S'SOc for medium; 7#8V4c for Inferior
to ordinary: 10%®12',*c for fair to prime
washed peaberry; »^'310r for good to prlrn«
unwashed peaberry; 8%42Vc for good to *u
perlor unwashed.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bax». &H$SXe spot *o& 8^3
June-July; San Quentln. 3.55c; Wool Bags.
32$3Ac- F1eec« Twine. 7%®8c.
CANNED FB.UITS— Th# California. Fruit
fanners" Association quotes the followtns prtett
list :
• 2^ * 2
? I? I a
FRUITS. » a. * »
S ¦ 5 > P-i - :
? : : .j
AprtcoV • ::::::;v.v.- : * ns
L^mon Cling Peache,... xm\ J Sol i'JO i"»
Ra^erVUs"::;;;;;:;" 1 1 J si 1$ ;g
standard. S3c; Green Peas— Petlti pola.
«tS : .ff. a °. da . r ?'*:« 9Oc: «»adaM. sifted; $l«
lfte «; , 41 20: marrowfats. 97%c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 x>*r ton; New W«i-
l l r* t SV' II W i. 8 *» t "*** M : Bryant. $5 &O: B«a
n H i U^* 6^ Standard. $7; Rcsiyn. $7; Cooa
?- W 501 K Or . eta - * 7: W*«««w«. $7; Richmond.
$» uO; Cumberland, $13 in built and $14 23 tn
sa?K9; Pennsylvania Anthracite- . Egg. J14;
£t?8! A J thr r 1 i e « Egs - * 13 - Welsh Lump.
$11 uO; Cannel. $8 50 p« r ton; Coke. Ill fttvau
per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 200<> lbs and $12 SO
per icnp ton, according to brand
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4%c;
cases, regular. 5!4c; cane-j. extra large. 5We;
I-astern style. ,6'4c; boneless. «^4c: "Norway,"
6Hc: "Narrow Uause." a^c: "Silver King."
• %e; blocks. "Oriental." 6V 4 c; blocks. "S«a
brlcht. " «T4c; tablets. 7c; middles. 758«ie:
lanry boneless. S' 4 .f»«%c: pickled Cod. bbls $3;
pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 70.
CORDAGE — Th? local company quotes as
follows, fio days or % p«r cent discount for
cash, no yales under 10,000 lbs: Manila. 14^e:
E»5al. 10%c; Duplex. d%c; Bale Rope. 11 C@
ll s 4c per lb.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— Nominal: 13%«t5c
for strictly crime to fancy washed; 12%'3t3c
for prime washed: ll%fJ12»4c for good washed:
lO^t^UJisc for gcod to prtm* washed paabcrry;
9%'6'10%c for good to prime pe.aberry; VM-.fi>
12c for good to prime; tttfloViC for fair; 7<gSHc
for common to ordinary.
Salvador— 14314?4c for fancy washed: 12fc<9
1.14c for strictly prlmf washed: 10®12c for
good to rrlm» washed: 8mt9%c for fair
washed: lt»913e for fair to prime washed pea
berry; 9Vt60%c for good to prime setni- washed:
OtfOUc for superior unwashed: 8%«9c for good
green unwashed; &%©irc for good to superior
unwashed peaberry; 7g8c for inferior to or
ditiary.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 23 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 26; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $3 23; extra cream- do, $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; -Hominy. $1<&4 26- fBuckwhAat
Flour, $4 50<g4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $." 50; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25@S 60; in sacks. $6 75<g8 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 30 per 100 lbs. ,
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $t 80®
5 10 1 . usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 7C@5:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 65#4 25
per bbl.
Quotations remain unchanged. Business is
fair. /
Flour and Millstuffs.
OATS — The market shares the dullnees ex
hibited by the other grains, though some sales
are being made, and at full ' figures, as the
statistical positioh of the market Is strong
owing to the light stocks all over the* coast
and the demand for Oriental export, which
crops ou( every now and then. Quotations
have not changed much for some time.
White. $1 27%®1 37%; Black. $1 25@1 65;
Red, $1 25@l 85; Gray. $1 32% per ctl.
CORN — The market continues *<iulet at the
recently revised prices. The general feeling is
weak and the dally sales are small.
Western sacked. $1 32%@1 37% for Yellow.
$1 32%@1 37% for White and $1 3ix?l 35 for
Mixed; California large yellow. $1 37%@1 42%r
small round do. $1 45#1 BO; White, $1 37%@
1 42% per ctl; Egyptian. $1 45@1 50 for white
and $1 27%@1 30 for brown.
RYE — Holders are steady, but the market is
quiet at $1 3O<61 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per cU.
Open'. High. Low. Cloee.
May •:.....;. $1 07% $1 «7^4 $1 C7V1 $1 07V4
December ... 1 02Vi 1 02"i 1 02V4 1 02Vi
2 p. m. Session.
. ¦ , ' Open, High. Low. Close.
May ..$1 07*4 $1 07% $1 O7»4 $1 07%
December.., 1 02% 1 02% ... 1-02^ 1 02%.
Feed, $1 06%«U C«)4; Shipping and Brew
ing. $112%@1 15; Chevalier, . $1 15<gl 35 for
fair to choice. . . \, .* •
FUTURES.
Session 9 to- 11 :»0 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May .....\;.$1 41% $1 41% $1 41% $1 41%
December ... 1 87 1 37% 1 37 1 37%
BARLEY — Cash trraln was lower and very
dull yesterday, with sales at $1 06H4?$l C7U.
Brewing and shipping grades were also' lower,
as will be seen. ¦ Futures were not materially
changed. -
; -CASH BARLEY.
2 p. m. Session
California Club. $1 42%i?Jl 47%; California
White Australian. $1 52Va<gl 57%; Northern
Club. $1 42%@1 47%; Northern Bluestem,
$1 r.2%@l 57%. per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:^0 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May •-•$! -m; $1 41% $1 4iy t $1 41%
December ... 1 37% 1 37% 1 37% 1 37%
CASH WHEAT
WHEAT FREIGHTS— In the absence of new
spot business rates • remain unchanged .on the
basis of the last charter for Europe, which was
that of a handy-sized vessel at 14s 6d. usual
option*. The chartered wheat fleet in port has
a registered tonnage of -7847. against 12,570
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
73,800 tons, against 72,520; on the way to this
port, 212.000 tons, against 211.C00.
WHEAT — Foreign futures were ! lower.
Broomhall renorted the condition of the crop
in Eiirone a* generally favurable, with the
plant • under snow covering, except In the
United Kingdom, where the condition is ex
tremely poor. Argentine cables reported that
the strike still continues. Bradstreet's gave
the world's visible supply a decrease of 421t,0o0
bushels.
This market Is w«ak and dull, with futures
lower, but cash quotations unchanged.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW YORK, March 8.— Special cable and
telegraphic • advices ¦ received by Bradstreet's
show- the following changes in available sup
ply: •
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease 1.229,000 bushels; afloat
for and in- Europe, increase, "800,000 bushels.
Total supply, decrease, 429,000 bushels.
Corn. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 2:54,000 bushels.
Oats. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 469.000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87 %
Sterling Exchange, cables — » 4 SSVi
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Silver, per ounce '. — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
European bourses continue more or less depressed.
Wall-street Stocks decline again, and Cotton lower.
Local Stocks continue quiet and featureless.
.» change in Stiver or Exchange.
Wheat Freights still loiv. with tonnaee plentiful.
Wheat and Barley quiet and the latter lower. •*
Oats firm, but quiet. Corn zeeak. Rvc steadily held.
Flour and Millstufts in fair, request.
Hay and Feed stuffs steady at previous prices.
Xo further change in Beans. Several kinds of Seeds scarce.
Potatoes cleaning up fairly. ' Onions unchanged.
Spring Vegetables declining under increasing receipts.
Poultry selling ivcll, with moderate arrivals.
Oranges open depressed, but close zvith a better demand.
Fresh arrivals of Bananas from Honolulu.
Pried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins as before quoted.
Cuban Honey underselling California product in -New York.
Provisions rccak. both here and in the West.
Hops and JVool inactive at previous quotations.
Slight changes in Hides and an advance in Tallow.
Beef advanced. Mutton firm. Veal plentiful. Hogs steady.
Honey — IU S Steel.' 10%
Call loans. 3*i®4%! Do (pfd 03%
Time loans . . .4%ig5% I Westing Common 80
Bonds— i Mining —
Atchlson 4s 08 i Adventure 7V.
Do adj 4s 87%lAllouez 3%
Mex Central 4s.. C3 Amal Copper 43%
Railroads — Atlantic 7
Atchison 64% Hingham 19 -
Do ptd 89 Calumet & Hecla.445
Boston & Albany.243. Centennial 10%
Boston & Maine. 166 Copper Range .. 40
Boston Elev 138 Daly West 34
Fltchburg pfd.... 136 Dom Coal 04
Mex Central 17% Franklin 7T4
N Y. N H & H..1R9% Grancy ;{«2
Pere Marqflette . . 78 Isle Royale 7
Union Pacific 73% Mass Mining 3%
Miscellaneous — Michigan 4 %
Amer Arse Chem. 13% Mohawk 35 V*
Do pfd 74 Mont Coal & C. 1\U
Amer Pneu Tube. 48 Old Dominion ... 10%
Amer Sugar 12:5% Osceola 56
Do pfd 123 Parrot 22W
Amer Tel & Tel. 121 Qulncy SO
Amer Woolen ....10% Shannon 7%
Do pfd 72% Tamarack 93
Dom • Iron & S.. 7% Trinity ...V. 4y^
Ed Elec Ilium.. 235 U S Mining 20v!
Gen Electric 161 U S Oil 8%
Mass Electric... 18 Utah ; 34
Do pf<l 73 Victoria 3
United Fruit 47 Winona 5%
Un Shoe Mach... 4(5% Wolverine 74
Do pfd... 28% '
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
* ¦
Northern Securities ..... ...^ "87Vi
Nor & West pfd... 83
Ontario & Western. 1.000 20% 19 T 4 19TJ
Pennsylvania 60.500 113% 112% 112^
P. C. C & St Louis 55
Reading 3,400 40% 40V& 404
Reading: 1st pfd 7fi
Heading 2d pfd 56
Rock Island Co 6,100 20>£ 19 T 4 19%
Rock Island Co pfd 60
StL & SF 2d pfd 41%
St Louis S W ' 13»*
St Louis S W pfd.. 100 31% 31% 31%
Southern Pacific... 5.200 44 43 43%
Southern Railway. #15,300 19*4 19% 19»fe
Southern Ry pfd... 3,700 82% 81 H 81 H
Texas & Pacific... 200 22% 22>£ 22>4
Toledo. St L & W.. 100 24% 24% 23%
T. St L & W pfd.. 1OO 34% 34% 33%
Union Pacific 20,500 74 73ft 73%
Union Pacific pfd , 86%
Wabash 100 17% 17% 17%
Wabash pfd 1.0C0 34U 33% 33Vi
Wheeling & L B .. .... 15
Wisconsin Central. .... 17%
Wiscon Cent pfd.. 100 40% 40% 40 '
Express Companies — *
Adams , 220
American .... 185
United States .... 103
Wells-Fargo • 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . 11,800 46 T S 45 % 45%
Am Car & Fdy 400 19% 19% 19 Vi
Am Car & Fdy pfd , 200 69% 69 «8Vi
Am Cotton Oil 29
Am Cotton 6il pfd - ¦ 88
American Ice SOO 8 ~% 7*i
American Ice pfd.. 1,400 31% 30% - 30Vt
Am Linseed Oil 6%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 2GV,
Am Locomotive .. 000 22% 22% 22%
Am Loco pfd 200 82U 82 81
Am Smelt & Rfg ...'. .... 47
Am Sm & Rfg pfd 700 81 »1 90%
Am Sugar Rfg 2,400 125 124 124
Anacon Mining Co 62
Brook Rap Tran.. 2.300 41?, 40 Vi '40 VI
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1,300 20 28 28*,
Consolidated Gas.. 2.400 103V4 193 191 '
Corn Products . . . 2,500 15% 13^4 13%
Corn Products pfd 200 69 . 67% 67%
Distil Securities 23Vi
General Electric .. 700 161% 1C1 160
Internatl Paper .. 100 11% 11% HVi
Int Par>cr pfd .... .... .... (M%
Internatl Puma ,3.1 .
Int Pumx> pfd ....' .....' ..,;••.... 71 Vie
National Load ....'..... > 11^
North American . 100 81% 81 'A 80
Pacific Mail ..... 400 26% 26" '26
People's Gas 8,100 P8V* 96% - M%
Pressed Steel Car.- :».;. .:.. 28 .
Pressed St Car pfd .... 69,
Pullman Pal Car.. 1.200 210% 210% '210"
Republic Steel , 200 ' 7% 7% 7» 8
Republic Steel pfd 200 43 41% 42
Rubber Goods 200 v 19 18% ' 18 %
Rubber Goods pfd. 30O 76 75 75
Tenn Coal & Iron. - 100 36 36 ¦ 35
XT S Leather 200 7% " 7 * T
U S Leather pfd .¦ .800 78% 78 VI 78%
U S Realty 300 7 7 7
V S Realty pfd 100 60% 60% 50Vi
U S Rubber 11
U S Rubber pfd... 100 43% 48% 47%
US Steel ¦. 3,000 11 10% 10V-
U S Steel pfd 12.600 56% 55 55"%
Westlnghouse ' Elec 157
Western Union . . 100 S3 89 88*
Total sales 252.000 shares. .
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, March R. — Bonds transactions
of United Railroads of San Francisco: 4000 at
$79.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANT.
Common— Bid. $4 50; asked. $4 75. Pre
ferred—Bid, $3S; asked, $39 25. ¦ "*
NEW YORK BONDS. .
U S ref 2s rog..l04%iL & N unified 4s. 88%
Do coupon 105 Man con- gold 48.1O3V4
Do 3s reg 106 Mex Cent 4s 65
Do coupon 106% Do let inc 14
Do new 4s reg. 132 Vi Minn & St L 4s. 96
Do coupon 132 Vi M K & Tex 4s.. «7%
Do old 4s reg..lC6% Do 2ds 77%
Do coupon 107% NR of Mex con 4s 74%
Atch gen is 99% NYC gen 3%s.. 07%
Do adj 4b 88 N J C gen 5s... 128
Atlantic C L 4s. 91 Nor Pac 4s 103%
Bal & Ohio 4s.. 101% Do 3s 7»>>'i
Do a%s 93 Nor & W con 4s. ft7Vi
Central of Ga fcs.105 OSL 4s & partic. 91 U
Do 1st inc C6 Pa conv 3%s... 95%
Ches & Ohio 4 '^s.lOUs [Reading gen 4s. : 05%
Chi & Alton 5%s. 75% SL & I M con 5s.ll2%
C. B & Q new 4s. 92% SL & SF fg 4*. SOH
CM & EP gen 4s. 108 St Louis SW lsts. !t3
C & NW con 7s. 129% Seaboard A L 4s. «>7Vi
C. R I & Pac 4s. 69 .So Pac 4s .. . S8Vi
Do col 5s 77%Jfio Ry Os lll'/4
C.C.'C 4 SLgen 4s 98 Tex & Pac lsts.11714
Chi Term 4s... 78% T St L & W is. C9%
Con3 Tobacco 4s. 67% Union 1'ac 4s io:»%
Colo & So ie 84 Do conv 4s.... 93%
C F & I conv 5*. 71 V S Steel 2d 5s. 72U
Den & Rio G 4s. 96% Wabash lfts 115V-
Erie prior lien 4s. 96% Do deb B< m
Do gen 4s.:... S4% \V & L Brie 4s. f*9
F W & D C IrUi.104% WIs Central 4s-. S9U
Hockins Val 4%s.lO5
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 12jOntarlo 4 25
Alice 28 Ophir 4 40
Breece 10 Phoenix 00
Com Tunnel 07 Potbsl 24
Con Cal & Va... 1 ">. r » Savage 64
Horn Silver 1 20 Sierra Nev 53
Iron Sliver ,. 1 60 Small Hopes .... 22
Leadvllle Con ... 02 Standard 2 50
Little Chief 06)
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
LOCAL MAEKETS.
Spelter was quiet and unchanged in the N'ew
York market at $5@5 10. and London also was
unchanged at £22 5s.
Iron closed at 51s 3d in Glasgow and at
42* 6d in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron Is quiet.
No. 1 foundry, northern, $14 T.iiglS 25; No. 2
foundry, northern! $14 25®14 76; No. 1 foundry,
southern, and No. 1 do soft. $13 25©13 75.
NEW YORK, March 8. — Tin was unchanged
locally and In the London market. Here prices
stand at $2S#28 25, while in London spot is
quoted at £i"-i Is Cd and futures at £124 5s.
Copper declined '2s tfd in London with spot
closing at £36 15a and futures at ! £55 16s.
Locally copper was quiet and unchanged.
L&ke $12 5U#12 75; electrolytic and casting,
$12 37H@12
Lead was unchanged at £12 in the London
market and locally at $4 00<g4 05.
New York Metal Market.
ST." LOUIS, March 8.— WOOL— Steady: Me.
dium grades, combing and clothing. 17@21 >4c;
light fine. 16@17&c; heavy fln«, 12®14%c; tub
washed, 20@31c.
St. Louis Wool Market
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 21 H«J
22^c for extras. 2Off21c for firjts and 18@lftc
for seconds; dairy. 18'S?20c; store Butter, nom
inal; cold storage. 20@21c for extras, 13®lDc
for seconds and 16<gl8e for ladle-packed.
CHEESE — 8^©10c for good to choice new
and 7@8c for lower grades; Young Americas.
10@llc; Eastern. 15#16c; Western, 14313c
per 1b.
EGGS — Ranch, 151jrl7e; store. l»gir»c per
dozen.
. The feeling tn Butter ha» been unsettled for
several days, the market being steady one day
and weak the next. Yesterday the feeling was
easier, as some orders for the north were re
ported canceled owing to a decline in th« East
ern market, which enable* the north to buy
there cheaper than here. Quotations, however.
remained unchanged.
While there is no actual decline In Cheese,
the disposition is to quote lower, as stocks
are sttil too heavy and ; the demand continues
very »4ow. '
Eggs will probably bo very unsettled from
now on, for .buying In the country for storage
purposes has begun and buyers are paying net
city prices in the country. This confuses the
situation and renders accurate quotations in
San Francisco difficult to give. This condition
will doubtless continue for weeks, perhaps for
several months. Already its effects are ap
parent tn the change In the quotations for
ranch Eggs below, rendered necessary by the
net prices being paid in the country. There
are still plenty of Eggs here and receipts con
ttnue large, but stocks are not as enormous as
to«y were laat week owing to the recent ship
ments to the north and the purchases for stor
age. -^
¦ Receipts were .12.400 lbs Butter. 1531 cases
Kbits' »nd 3100 lbs Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
German and French buyers" competed for
Merino*, the offerings of which were ltgtit.
Secured* sold readily. •
large; Honkers. $5: Rabbits. $1 50-S1 73 for
Cottontails and $1©1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 25.
show a hardening tendency." Choice, 10c; extra
Choice, 10V4®10%c; fancy. 12@15c. i
PEACHES— Are quoted at .7Vi@7%C for
choice, 794<&fc{ic for extra choice and 9@>10c for
fancj'.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9, 1904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15The Supreme Court decided yester
day that C. E. Salter.of Los Angeles
was a proper guardian for his son.
The maternal grandmother secured
the custody- of the child by judgment
of the Superior .Court, but that.'deci
sion is reversed by the higher, tribunal.
It was also dedared that T. D. Mitchell
was the rightful owner of seventy-four
acres of mining land in Calaveras
County, to which L. J. Russell laid
claim. * -
Supreme Court Decisions.
Superintendent of Schools Langdon
yesterday received a quantity of ma
terial prepared by various schools for
exhibit at the St. Louis Exposition as
samples of what the pupils of this city
are able to accomplish.
Much of the work received consisted
of specimens of drawing in colors, in
cluding several sent by pupils of the
Chinese Primary School, the speci
mens being very creditable. The Chi
nese pupils also submitted exhibits of
their penmanship, both in the Eng
lish and the Chinese language.
The work of the Polytechnic High
and Manual Training schools is yet to
be received and. when it is there will
be ten cabinets of specimens, to be for
warded to the exposition. It. is ex
pected that the complete exhibition
of . the schools will be hung up in the
office of Superintendent Langdon by
Friday. -
Superintendent Langdon Receives a
Number of Specimens for Display
at St. Louis Exposition.
PREPARING EXHIBIT OF
PUBLJC SCHOOIi WORK
Jessie Esquivel, 1237 Stockton street,
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Mogan yesterday for the arrest of Del
Hawkins on a charge of petty larceny.
She alleges that Hawkins visited her
room on Monday night and took away
with« him her hat and fur boa, valued
at $32 50.
Los«! Her Hat and Fur Boa.
Asks for Mrs. Coit's Deposition.
Attorney W. D. Grady informed
Judge Lawlor yesterday that he would
make a motion to procure the deposi
tion of Mrs. Elizabeth Hitchcock-Coit
in the case of Alexander- B. Garnett,
charged with the murder of Major J.
W. McClung in her rooms at the Pal
ace Hotel. He Intends to put I. W. Hell
man on the stand to testify as to Mrs.
Coit's whereabouts, he said. The
matter was continued till to-morrow
morning, when the motion will be
made and argued.
Th* attractive array of pretty girls at
the Columbia is drawing big houses.
How pleasant to return home after the
theater to a house heated by gasteam
radiators frotri San Francisco Gas and
Electric Co.. 43 5 Post street. •
Extraordinary precautions were
taken yesterday morning to prevent
George Sterling, alias Joseph O'Brien,
making his escape while being taken
from the County Jail to Judge
Dunne's court to be arraigned on
charges of robbery and assault to
murder. Detectives O'Dea, Mulcahy
and Bailey were sent by Captain Mar
tin to asist. four Sheriff's deputies.
Sterling was the last in a gang of
fourteen prisoners who were chained
together and handcuffed. He is pos
sessed of a powerful wrist and while
in the van he used his wrist to such
purpose that when he stepped out of
the vehicle at the Hall of Justice the
chain was found to be broken. The
handcuffs were still on his wrists and
he was surrounded before he had a
chance to bolt. He was taken to the
courtroom and after being arraigned
pleaded not guilty and the cases were
continued till Friday, when he will
plead.
The same precautions were taken
on the trip back to the County Jail.
Sterling has repeatedly stated that he
would take the first opportunity to es
cape. He is looked upon as one of
the most dangerous crooks in the
State and has served a term for burg
lary. He robbed George W. Evans,
proprietor of a restaurant at 224H
Third street, on November 16 and
when cornered by Detective O'Dea at
tempted to shoot him. He got away
frorri O'Dea and was later arrested in
San Bernardino.
Accused Robber, While Being Taken
From the County Jail to Court,
Breaks a Chain.
Burnett'* Extract of Vanilla is the
standard everywhere. Sold by best grocery. •
STERLJNG DECLARES HE
WILL. MAKE JUS ESCAPE
Professor de Vries is the 'greatest
botanist and a member of the faculty
of the University of Amsterdam, Hol
land. He has been very successful in
some recent experiments with the prim
rose, and his' deductions, go to '/ prove
the theories of the origin of -species.
Ho has already provided the university
with a lot of primrose seeds which he
Tvill use in his demonstrations. ": .;.
Professor Svante ? Arrhenlus holds
the honor of being the first physicist.
Hefllls the chair of general physics at
the University of Stockholm; besides
which he is at the head of the National
Serum Institute, of that country. His
rirst work of distinction was the publi
cation of \ Jils electrolytic dissociation
theory, an explanation of the "manner
in which electricity separates^many
substances into their elements. Of late
he has been applying' himself. to the ap
plication'of serum to the cure of dis
eases, and his" results in this direction
he offers, to give to the students at the
summer school.
. ATTAINMENTS NOTEWORTHY.
Professor J James Ward , ranks, as ; the
leading psychologist of the world. He
is a fallow of Trjnity College and prb-
In Sir William Ramsay of England,
Professor Hugo de Vrles of Holland,
Professor Syante August Afrhenlus . ~df
Sweden, Professor James Ward of Eng
land and Dr. Jacques Loeb. the "sum
mer school will have the five most dis
tinguished scientists. Sir William Ram
say is the greatest chemist .and it is
upon the gases of the air, of which
he is the discoverer of several, that
he will deal with In-his lectures here.
He is interested in radium and: just
now is engaged upon some important
experiments with the newly discovered
element. He has already obtained a
remarkable result, which he says must
be regarded as transmutation— the
changing of a gas evolved from radium
salts into helium.
BERKELET, . March 8.— The list of
men engaged to participate in the ac
tivities of the next summer school at
the University of California, which was
completed at the university to-day, re
veals that there will be brought t»:
gether at this session some of the most
distinguished scientists and scholars
in the world. No such gathering of
world famous men has ever been prom
ised before to any summer school and
it is' doubtful if any such fortuitous
circumstances as controlled this year
will occur again to draw these leaders
of thought into so close communion.
In securing the services of these men
President Wheeler and Dr. Leon J.
•Richardson, dean-elect for the sum
mer school, have been helped material
ly by fortune, though they are entitled
to all credit for their initiative, and
bold enterprise.
First of all there will come to the
session five men distinguished for their
achievements in five separate lines of
scientific Investigation, all of them men
with reputations for 'discoveries hav
ing Important bearing on subjects af
fecting human existence. Then there
is a group* of scholars and teachers
of history such as could not.be found
elsewhere in the . United States, . four
men whose researches have done much
1o revolutionize the story of the past
and to defend it with the weapons of
science. And besides these nine men
there will be. thirty-four others, some
from the East, but most of them from
California; some of them leaders' in
their" work, but most -of them men of
growing reputations. '
LEADERS IN* SCIENCE.
The first two weeks of his course here
will bo devoted to the European aspect
of the Eastern question, the second two
weeks will treat of the. Asiatic aspect
of Russian expansion and the last two
weeks he will spend on the Eastern
question on the Pacific and its Orien
tal complications. Professor Stephens
will give a general course oh the teach
ing* of English history,' together with a
special course on the history of the
Elizabethan period; Professor Moses
will discuss "Government and *Philip
ptne institutions. Professor Thomas
W. Pago pf California will teach med
ieval history. *
In' the English department the sum
mer school will be particularly well
equipped. Two members of the faculty
will come from the East and the third
from' California. Francis B.- Gummere
of Haverford College ' and Hammond
Lamont, editor of the New York Even
ing Post, both of them prominent be
fore the reading public,'. will 'give 'a se
ries of -lectures on a* subject in ' Eng
lish yet to be -chosen. Professor
Chauncey Wetmore Wells of California
wllli give a -course in 'rapid writing.
The Romanic languages will be
taught by Professor C. H. Grandgent
of Harvard University, Professor F. de
Haan of Bryn Mawr and Marius J.
Splnnello.of California. Thev will In
struct in French^ Spanish and Italian,
respectively. " *
I School teachers will have the benefit
of instruction in education. from Pro-'
fessor F. ,M.- McMurray, professor 'of
education at Columbia .University and
one of the first authorities on -the sub
ject in . America, and: Dr^E.^C. Moore
of the educational 'department of the
University. of California.;
-GEOLOGIST FROM 'CANADA.
, From Canada will come* Reginald, A.
Daly- ; to ':• give .instruction j in geology.
Mr.: Daly" was formerly in ; the employ
of the Canadian Government as a ge
ologist arid ' he i Is recognized \ as \ < an
authority on the subject of the, earth's
formation aridi crust. :; A. S.^ Eakle^of
Calif ornia^ will*' instruct .' In mlneraVgy.
.The new feature for the summer ses-
THE, EASTERN* QUESTION.
fessbr of mental philosophy at the Uni
versity of Cambridge. England. Be
sides his- attainments In the field of
psychology Professor Ward has accom
plished much by his work on the more
speculative side of philosophy.
The last of these five eminent men is
Dr. Jaccues Loeb of California, first of
the biologists, whose experiments with
the lower animals have yielded such
surprising und Important results.
The group of four men that will in
struct in history is composed of" Pro
fessor Frederick J. Turner of Wiscon
sin, Professor Archibald Coolidge of
Harvard and Professors Bernard
Moses and H. Morse Stephens of the
regular, history faculty of the.universi
ty. The work they will undertake will
be of more than usual interest to teach
ers and it will be conducted with spe
cial pains to present the most modern
methods of teaching history.
Professor Turner, who has had mark
ed success in training teachers of his
tory, will 'confine.' himself to American
history,, # urion which subject he - is a
leading v authority. -• Professor Coolidge
is the foremost authority in the United
States on the widely discussed East
ern question. He has traveled exten
sively in . Russia, Poland and in the
various Balkan countries, and was one
of the first travelers to go over the
trans-Siberian railroad when it was
opened last year.
THE WORLD'S MOST FAMOUS CHEMIST, WHO WILL DELIVER A
SERIES OF LECTURES AT THE SUMMER SCHOOL OF THE UNI
VERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
Easton. Eldridge & Co. held an auc
tion sale of city real estate yesterday.
The following sales and prices are re
ported:
13'JO and 1322 OTarrell street, north line.
112 :H feet east of Lapuna, lot 53x120 feet, run
ning; through to Myrtle fcvenue, with two two.
ftory holies, $14,750; !ot 25x125 feet and two
ctory house on the west line of Castro street,
l'O feet north of Twentieth. $3900; lot 6Oxi:5S
feet and two-story house on the north line of
Hill street, with other buildings. $7550; lot
23x137 :<2 feet on the south line of Carl street,
157 feet west of Stanyan, $2000; lot 00x125
feet, on the ea*t line of Dolores street, 100
feet north of Twenty-sixth, with 7-room house
$4700.
Sale of City Holdings Is Conducted
by Easton, Eldridge & Co. and *
Good Prices Reported.
BUSINESS AXD OTILER
PROPERTY IS AUCTIONED
Light and Water Inspector Tupper
yesterday filed a Ftatement with the
Board of Public Works regarding: the
amount of money required during the
next fiscal year to light the public
streets and buildings.
Tupper says that the sum of $276,132
will be needed to light the present
Ftreet lamps and SI 8.61 5 for new
lisrhts. which are urgently needed. To
!i?ht public buildings the sura of $48.
000 trill be necessary, and for electric
power $5400, a grand total of $34S.
147. The expenses of the bureau of
light and water are estimated at
53970.
Gas Inspector Saj-s $348,147 Will Be
Required for Street Limps and
City's Buildings.
FIGURES COST OF PUBLIC
LIGHTING FOR NEXT YEAR
Nigro wns n musician arid came to
California In the early days and lived
here until his death. His late home
in Wost Oakland is an unpretentious
one. He had no children but an adopt
ed- daughter, who shares equally with
the sur-tvins widow in the estate. Be
sides thfe Poodle Dog restaurant build
ing he owned a. valuable unimproved
piece of realty of unknown value and
had about $SO0O in" bank. All of this
is left to Ellen Nigro, his widow, and
Madeleine Nigro, his adopted child. To
Franclsca Nigro, Fabrizio Nigro and
Rufina M. Nigro. nephews and nieces,
he leaves $300 each.
A small estate inherited from his pa
rents which is situated at Viggiano,
Italy, he bequeathed to his niece. Fran
cisca Nigro, with instructions never to
dispose of it to strangers, but to leave
it to her children or relatives.
* ! __ —$.
sion will be the teaching of music, this
being the first time that the gentle art
will have been taught at the univer
sity. Instruction in this subject will be
offered bv Professor A. A. Stanley,
professor of music at the University
of Michigan. His lectures will deal
principally with the theory and history
of music.
The remaining members of the sum
mer school session will be the follow
ing named of the faculty of the Uni
versity of California:
Dr. A. A. d'Ancona, hygiene; Profes
sor William A/Merrill, Latin; Profes
sor E. J. Wickson, agriculture; Profes
sor "W. WJ Haskell. mathematics: Pro
fessor O. A. Leuschner, astronomy;
Professor George M. Stratton, psychol
ogy; Professor M. E. Jaffa, agriculture;
Professor C. H. Rieber, logic; Professor
C. TV. Wood worth, entomology; Pro
fessor G. H. Cottrell, chemistry; L. J.
Demeter, German; E. E. Hall, physics;
F. W. Meyer, drawing; W. C. Morgan,
chemistry; H7 A. Overstreet, philoso
phy; H. W. Prescott, Latin; F. M. Put
nam, mathematics; M. J. Blackman,
chemistry;. H. T. Hus, botany.
Property purchased In Hnn Frnnclsco
in 1S53 by Knbrlzlo Nlgro for 56000 is
valued In bin will filed here for pro
bftte trt-iln>- at mqf« than $300,000. The
land In iniPBtlon Ik the sit? of the fa
mous rooille Pok rcstnurnnt, which,
with other vnluabl«. nsjets. brings the
valde of his ontnte up to about $500,000.
He also had an cKtate In Italy, the
value tit which Is not known, and which
he U.-avca to Italian relatives there.
Oakland omce Snn l<Ynncisco Call,
1118 Hroathvny, March 8.
Lniui riircliMHod for $0000
in Knrly I>».vs Is Now
Worth 31 oio Than $300,000
« ¦
LIVED fflRRE 50 .YEAKS
It Is Valued nt $500,000,
While Ho SlsO Had rt
Small Patrimony in Italy
NIGRO LEAVES
A RICH ESTATE
FOREMOST SCIENTISTS AND MEN
OF LETTERS ON BERKELEY LIST
World's Most Distinguished Educators Are En
gaged to Participate in Activities of the New
Summer School at the University of California
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAKCH !>* JIJO*
-Log -Cabin!. "The bread with a Savor.** Ask
your dealer — wholesale — 8CO Dolores »C •
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
=SPECIAL=
FOR THIS WEEK
BAY RUM (superior quality^ "J g c
Full half pints — Regular 25c.
CUTTER Ai WHISKY 7Q C
Regular price $1.00.
SHEFFIELD'S TOOTH PASTE.....' ..13 C
PACKER'S TAR SOAP -|3 C
DAXDERIXE (for the hair) 63 C
The regular $1.00 size.
RUBBER GLOVES, seamless 7Qc
Sold everywhere for $1.00.
POMPEIIAN CREAM, 50c size ....33 C
VERONICA WATER, 50c bottle 1 40c
APENTA WATER, 25c bottle \ ig c
HIND'S HONEY ALMOND CREAM, 50c size. ... . . .29c
LISTERINE, dollar size KG/%
" www
Regular Every-Day Prices
Bromo Seltzer 8c Cascarets 8C
Garfield Tea 8c Frog in Throat 8c
Phenyo Caffeine 8c Crown H. A. Powders. . . 8c
1 Night Corn Cure 8c Beecham's Pills . : 8c
Alcock's Plasters 1 2c Castoria . . . 28c
Kidder's Pastiles 28c Jayne's Vermifuge , . '. '. .2Bc
Grant Drug Company
38 Third Street, Corner Stevenson St. Tel. Bush 51.
McDonnell's Pharmacy
(Late of no Grant Ave.)
803 Market Street (near Fourth* St.). TeL Bush 471.
Nickum's Pharmacy
Nineteenth and Valencia Streets. Tel. Capp 836. *
Root's Pharmacy
Sixth and Howard Streets. Tel. Jessie 461.'.
Scamell, the Druggist
Bush and Devisadero Streets. TeL West 382.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
in Fancy Goods and
Hosiery Departments
Kneipp Linen Mesh Underwear
We haye Just received a large consignment ot
ladles' anl men's LINEN MESH UNDERWEAR, "tne
celebrated Knelpp Brand," for which W2 are agents.
The ladles' come In low neck and sleeveless, high neck
and short sleeves, and high n?ck and long sleeves; also
ankle length drawers and union suits with high neck
and long sleeves. The men's are In medium and heavu
weight shirts and drawers, all sizes from 30 to 46.
The above linen mesh garments are made from
pure Irish linen uarn, do not shrink In washing, are
veru durable, and are blghlu recommended bu tha
medical profession-
NOVELTY LADIES' BELTS In silk, Persian crushed
kid, pitent leather and gilt.
NEW CHAIN PURSES, SHOPPING BAGS and OPERA
BAGS in all the newest stules.
. NEW PERSIAN BAND TRIMMINGS, APPLIQUES,
FANCY BRAIDS, PLAIN and GOLD BRAIDS, and GILT
and FANCY BUTTONS.
An elegant assortment of NEW OSTRICH FEATHER
BOAS In white, grans and black.
We hava Just opened a special Importation of fine
fabric SILK anl LISLE GLOVES in ail colors, also
black and white.
15 j, 118, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVESTISEMENTE.
DEM ARK ABLE VALUES
Come here to-day for about the best specials we've known in
many a day— good and dependable merchandise — don't .miss them.
TWO REMARKABLE BLACK SILK BARGAINS.
$1.25 Quality 36-in. Taffeta, $1.25 Guaranteed Black Peau de Soie,
An unpr<?cd»-nte<5 offrrinir— QQn For ***** cnl >*— A magnifl- "7Q ft
«n« yards Black Taft>t& ?llk. -!0 QQ^ c*m offering of 800 yards extra | QU
Inches virt*. a c'«*l «*>aringr heavy atl silk, double-faced
SSt^SS S Tard P-u' d. So,.. .v.o- yard war- Yard
day at ." 8Sc yard. ranted, worth $1.25 yard.
TWO WASH GOODS BARGAINS.
Sale of !5c Fancy Lawns for j 25c White Goods for
Thi» rmron'o lafft *tyle*— An Qft ! J n' lia Llr.on. Victoria Lawn |Cft
eifrprin* ft 1WW yards fanry fig- fjl! | and JVrslan Uwn- thre<» popu- inii
ured Lawns, for Summer PrfFws w lar wh'.te fabrics at special
and Waists, in llcht sn<J dark Yd pri<-«» to-day — fine and sheer Yard
rrour.d* and iif-uxerx figure?, worth : booJf, the U5o grades, for
15c. Come early to-day. ' We yard. -
. NEW HOSIERY A\'D UNDERWEAR BARGAINS. .
Ladies' 50c Lisle Hose, Mew Fancy Lisle Vests.
Very choice and nv>5t effective Q| ft Beautiful styles In Ladies' Cf|n
wt>W in Ladie?- mark Fancy Jl 1 1! Whit? Lisle LTndcnests. a Rood Jill.
Li'fl* Hose. warranted fast quality, .with hand-embroidered "
colors, the latest JeslKnt, sizes Pair frcm. in lipht blue, pink and Each
g to 10. worth .Vc, fr^ today white, the newest patterns,
;Uc Pair. pre.it value.
ALPACA WAIST AND SUIT BARGAIN.
$2.50 Alpaca Waists for New Eton Suits— Special,
\>ry rarr tVaist values— A A| QC A choice lot of new Suits rt f p f|fl
«r»cia"l ofTorini? of Ladies' Al- \ 1 ,33 received from New York\|K|UU
raea Wa:tU. ir.a<ie of Cmu ...t yesterday. The latest Eton til I \J ¦ h
White iiv.d fart black A!- Lt n style, of fancy mixed and ** x MU
rsca. They are nicely finished, the Tweed material, trimmed, with fancy
latest full sleeves and separate stock. veu ani capes, new shape skirt, a
all fixes, for $1.05 Each I bactrain at $15.00
YOUR MONEY REFUNDED
On all cash purchase; made on a certain day of this month
(already selected), this day to be announced in the Sunday
papers, April 3d. It doesn't matter whether your cash
purchases made on the lucky day amounted to 10 cents or
$100, if your cash duplicates bear the correct date your
money will be cheerfully refunded. Save all your cash
checks.
....;.. .:*" _ .. _L_ '-*
Printing
AMD -a
AT CUT PRICES
There is a distinctive quality in ray
work. I'm thoroughly equipped for Kodak
I>evelopln* and Printing, and my prices
are too low to argue about. Hers are a
few figures:
DEVETjOPINQ.
Roll of 8. 10c; roll cf 12. 13o.
PRINTING.
SoMo finish. 3c to ."><¦.
Velox finish. 3c to ««.
I carry m stock all popular sizes of KO-
DAK FILMS for daylight loading at low-
est price*.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 Market Street. Above Powell.
San Francisco.
UOlltii u
Premium ZflcofeL j
p ree Vf \3 Spices I
with Each Ccnts Mk * I
Wortf > Pbwder (f
a <>^They are Beauties '^ U
A^f^ A thousand kinds /gt |
to Select from. **% 1
S It Pays to f i
JL Trade at 3 I
Great American Importing Tea Co's I
C Stores A
KlMwktt CO Grant ar. 1«9 PoCc R
1« Sixth 1819Dwrto«<la» 705 Larlda i
475Hatsht 1006 Sixteenth SS5 H*r«a I
3285 Mission , S21 Mor»t# # y ava. £2 Market H
20081-iDinore Z51« Mission 146 Ninth B
SMThtrd g^a<th 4e9TanrtS M
1 TURBINE 1
¦ -QUARTER CACM, QUARTER SI2ES |
H CLUETT, PEABOOY <%. CO T\
|,| MAKtM OP CLU«TT AMO MONAMCM »MIHTa I |
h I! |y X ;c^.,isSiT *~ £%
Kearay at,
MABXS BROS.
1904MODELS
—IN—
Women's Dress Skirts
—AT—
MARKS BROS.
Tbe Home of Honest Values
1220-22-24 MARKET ST.
'Sc^2 DRESS
'SR5t> skirt.-
***^= f '^r as pictured,
•0^=*^!^ se/ls to-day
:; ..//CT\ $6^50
iljfe^lf DRESS
SKIRT,
as pictured,
sells to-day
for
::-(P^v VIM
DRESS
1 SKIRT.
as pictured,
sells to-day
for
:; : i $5=
, , . , , : DON'T OVERLOOK OUR
\LaCe$!\ LACE DEPARTMENT. We
mmmmmmmm— 3 carry a complete line of
j 1904 ; styles 1 in .; Import Laces for Dress
Trimmings at popular prices.