Forecast made at Saa rran
cisco for thirty hoars e"<M"g
mianijTht, March 13:
San Francisco and vicinity — *
Cloudy, unsettled weather Satur
day: possibly lisrht showers;
fresh sonthwest wind.
A. CK Me AD IE,
District Forecaster.
THS "WXAT2E3.
PARIS, March 12.— The St. Petersburg correspondent of the Echo de Paris telegraphs an interview in which General Kuropatkin is quoted as fol
lows: "I know I am impetuous, but^I shall not sacrifice the life of a single man uselessly. We shall operate in mass, In order to teach the Japanese a
lesson we shall walk through iheir islands after crushing them in Manchuria and Korea. If I have a voice in the matter the treaty of peace will be signed
in Tokio and not elsewhere " • > ; •
RUSSIAN GENERAL SAYS HIS TROOPS WILL MARCH THROUGH MIKADO'S EMPIRE
NATIVES OF THE BATTLING EMPIRES
LOSE TORPEDO BOATS IN CONFLICT
Continued on 'Pa;e 4, Column ft,
PARIS, March 12. — The Matin this
mornlrfg publishes a dispatch from St.
Petersburg saying that last evening
during a court '. concert organized by
the Czarina, a rumor was current that
the Russians had lost heavily during
the latest Japanese attack on. Port
Arthur., The correspondent says the
fact that the imperial box in . the con
cert hall remained empty seems to give
confirmation to the rumor
SEOUL,- March 11.— The Japanese
Government is taking remarkable mea
sures toward the rapid construction of
the Seoul-J*i Railway. Practically all
the railway engineers In Japan already
have been brought here. More than
Special Cable to The Call and New Tor*
Herald. Copyright. 19O1. by the New York
Herald Publlshins Company. - «
WASHINGTON^: March ,ll:^Senatpr
Tillmair'was' repofted;tb" be^6tTso\well
to-day. ¦' ;.^ Theji- expected".- recuperation
after • the "operation on* his' throat ] had
not occurred. .' % ; , ;..;,:
Tillman's '» Condition jXo. Better.
RAILWAY ENGINEERS ]
HURRY COMPLETION
OF KOREAN RAILROAD
UNFAVORABLE NEWS
CASTS GLOOM OVER.
CZARINA'S CONCERT
LINCOLN,. Neb., March 11.— Mrs.
Minnie , Johns . of . San Francisco to-day
filed an affidavit In the District. Court,
claiming the, Osmer estate,, valued at
$25,000. Attorneys' made diligent search
and announced that no heirs lived.
Then the property was transferred to
John Osmer, husband of MoUie Osmer,
who died intestate, as was supposed.
When no heir could be discovered the
property was transferred to Osmer on
the plea that Mrs. Osmer made an oral
transfer: before she;,, died. Attorneys
for r Mrs. Johns , say- this can be set
aside as fraudulent. 1 The story of Mrs.
Osmer's, wealth is romantic. She came
to Lincoln a> young girl, without funds.
She saved her earnings,' bought a res
taurant, ran it. and' bought city lots.
She married-Osmer. a laborer. She set
him .to' .planting trees and improving
the property. Her rear estate multiplied
iii ? value*. at; a- rapid ¦ rate. In her affi
davit.'• Mrs. Johns gives her home as
San Francisco, butV. makes no state
ment as to her occupation. She says
she '„ heard of Mrs. > Osmer's death last
; October, awhile', visiting ¦ friends at "Wil
mington, Ohio. Mrs.- Johns clains to
be v a*-, granddaughter "of Mrs. Osmer.
\ LOS ANGELES, ;. March : ll.-^Whlle,
praying at the altar. ; at the {Catholic
Qathedral to-day Mrs.' Elizabeth;! Gil
lette, a; tourist from Baltimore, was
robbed by " a ' female pickpocket - of
money arid" checks* worth . $600. ' The
checks were valuable \ only to ¦ her,; but
nearly, $100 , cash j was also stolen. -. When
she entered the church Mrs. Gillette
was followed by a well-dressed woman
and while they : were), kneeling^'atf th$
altar airs: Gillette; felt .' a. tugging, at
her arm , As she look "around the other
woman - was , seemingly 'disentangling
her wrap j from Mrs. Gillette's chate
laine bag, '.which was open. vThe ydman
excused herself and t immediately v left
the .church- A few- minutes;, later- Mrs.
Gillette ; discovered < her ! loss ' . and - re
ported it ':. to i' the"*; police.*"' j The - descrip
tion of /theAthief iwfth. thatiof ? a
woman' , who } has j committed fa) number
of -similar; thefts In hotels;'. theaters, • on
street > cars ' and during } ¦ ; .the
past" month/ ..',.'• .' ir >: . " ; -T . T. - "'
Deft Femala Kiieels
at Prayer and
Queer facts Develop
in the Osier
LllipilOfl.
ROBBED
WHILE AT
THE ALTAR
ODD WILL
CONTEST IN
NEBRASKA
Pingyang to Be the Base
p of Mikado's Forces in
the North.
There is a strong probability that the military compulsory
closure of operations at the American mining concession, which is
midway between Peju and Anju, is the center of the probable bat
tle zone. Women and children have already been removed, and
the Japanese employes have deserted.
The Japanese are foraging for grain throughout Korea,
telling the Koreans they must help defend their own .interests.
Japan is pressing for a concession of the Seoul-Jibu Railway,
which .was allowed; to -lapse by the French concessionaires, and
will probably demand a strip of land ten miles on either side of
this land for colonization. Japan will thus possess railway com
munication from, the northernmost point to the southernmost
point of Korea.
The present purpose of the Japanese is apparently to mass
a great army at the narrowest part of the country above Ping
yang and await Russian attacks' for a reasonable time, failing in
which a forward march , will be commenced. PossiHy a co-op
erating column will be landed at Wonson for the eastern coast
work, ultimately arriving before Vladivostok.
Telegraphic communication with Angil has suddenly been
interrupted, indicating a Russian advance southward, probably
with the idea of dislodging the Japanese at Pingyang before
they are strongly intrenched. The final movement from Seoul
will be made northward to-day. Only one garrison is remaining.
The northern Korean ports will be ice free in a week, and
then probably the bulk of the Japanese will be. landed near Chin
amp, obviating a six days' march. Japanese military cur
rency is being issued here under Korean imperial sanction.
The Americans from the Pingyang district have assembled at
Chenampo to await a transport to Chemulpo by a Japanese
steamer. This has been arranged through the courtesy of the Jap-
WOMEN AXD CHILDREN REMOVED.
Pingyang will be the northern Japanese base under Major
General Kigoshi. It is an ancient walled stronghold, capable of
easy defense. The guard already there is hurrying forward forti
fication of the walls. A landing will shortly commence at Won
son, where arrangements are perfect.
A garrison of 6000 men is permanently established at
Seoul. New barracks are near completion here, and also at
Mesampso, Fussan, Wonson, Mokpo and in Northern Korea.
The vicinity of Pingyang and Anju already has been the
scene of the first land engagement in the present war, when the
Russian scouts were forced to retire after a short skirmish. Cer
tain routes south of the Yalu River leading to Pingyang are still
held by the Russians, where each village contains cavalry ag
gregating 3000.
MASSING OF A GREAT A,RMY.
STROJJG DEFENSES OF PIXGYAXG.
SEOUL, March 9 (via Chefu, March ii).— The Japanese
will have an army of 150,000 men in Korea within three weeks,
including 35,000 already landed at Chemulpo. The scene there
daily is one of disorder and chaos. The harbor's edge is .piled
with 200,000 tons of stores, packs of equipment, light guns and
carriage bullet-proof shields, and there are 5000 cavalry and pack
horses there.
Troops daily entrain for Seoul, whence they advance to the
north in bodies of a few hundred or march direct overland or
proceed in open boats fifty miles to Haiju. Thus the country
north of Seoul is starred with parties converging into the Ping
yang neighborhood. A number of three-inch field guns made in
Japan.have been Jarjded at. Haiju. and moved north.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by
the Xe\v York Herald Publishing Company.
Japan Will Gather
Formidable Army
at Shore of Korea
ST. PETERSBURG, March 11.— Viceroy Alexieff has sent
the following message to the Czar : • . .
"In the fight between our torpedo-boats and the . Japanese
cruisers on March 11 Captain Matteussevitch and Ensign Alex
androff and Mechanical Engineer Blenoff received slight wounds
and Ensign Zaeff was severely wounded in the head, losing "his
-right eye.
"The commandant at Port Arthur reports the following de
tails of the bombardment of the fortress there onMarch 10:
'"As soon as the enemy opened fire our batteries * replied.
Six of the enemy's ships remained behind the Liao Tishin Prom
ontory (near Pigeon Bay) and opened fire on the fortress over
that shelter. They ceased bombarding at 1 :i5 p. m. The enemy
fifed about 200 projectiles. One shell from battery No '15 on
Electric Cliff damaged a Japanese cruiser, seriously. The results
of the bombardment were insignificant. Six soldiers Ay ere wound
ed. Three inhabitants of the town were killed and one was seri
ously wounded.
" 'According to General Stoessel's report, the officer and sol
diers in the shore batteries displayed exemplary courage and fired
their guns in perf ect order.' "
"Send for a doctor," said the wounded
man. He then fell over and expired
instantly. Mouline was so -horrified
that it was with difficulty he was kept
from shooting himself after he hadre
ported the facts.' A watch was placed
over him. The- deceased leaves a
mother, '. one v sister and T two' brothers.
One', brother^ was drowned ' in : a ; flume
near Fairfaxnottlong ago; another was
"killed* at the Black Diamond mines, and
another met "death accidentally last
year ; Just .before the • family came to
this country .' from - France. . Mouline
came with them. The dead man's" rela
tives to-day signed a statement' fully
exonerating him.
TACOMA, Wash., March 11.— A
charge eff heavy shot In the back
caused the death of Julius Dondal,
near Fairfax, yesterday morning. The
shot was accidentally fired by .Henry
Mouline, a friend. The death of Dondal
makes the fourth son lost by his
mother within a year. Dondal and
Mouline located- a rabbit : hole while
hunting, carrying their guns at full
cock. ' As they turned away, Mouline
threw his left arm at "the rest.". In
some way his clothing touched on* the
trigger while it was pointed directly. at
hie friend.
Czar Receives Message of Disaster
From Viceroy Alexieff in the Orient
Washington Man Is
PEW M His
.Companion.
ACCIDENTS
CALL FOUR
BROTHERS
Japanese Cruisers Surround
Sinking Warship and v
Are Victors.
SCEXE AT PORT ARTHUR WHEN* RUSSIANS WERE PLACING TORPEDOES OX -WARSHIPS.
"Of the ships which participated in the night attack, one of
ficer was seriously wounded and three others "were slightly
wounded; two sailors were killed and eighteen wounded.
"At 9 o'clock fourteen of the enemy's ships assembled, before
Port Arthur and a bombardment was begun with the heavy guns
of their battleship squadron at long range.
"This last occurred at I o'clock in the afternoon. It is esti
mated that the enemy fired 154 twelve-inch shells. The damage
to our vessels was insignificant, and they are again ready for
battle. Our losses were one officer slightly wounded, one soldier
killed and four wounded.
"The illumination of the sea at night by searchlights mount
ed at our batteries was most satisfactory, and several times iso
lated shells from .our batteries forced the enemy's torpedo-boats to
FOKTRESS GUXS RESPOND TO FIRE OF ENEMY.
"With the commencement of the bombardment at dawn the
guns of the fortress replied to the enemy's fire.
"The crews of all the ships engaged gave proof of remarka
ble coolness in action. Below decks the work of the day followed
its ordinary course in spite of the shells falling between the ves
sels and covering them with fragments. A bombardment at
such a distance must be regarded as ineffective, but the Japanese
cruiser Takasago (second class, 4227 tons) is reported to have
been seen to suffer serious damage, the extent of which, however,
it was impossible to ascertain at a distance of five miles. Many
shells were fired at a range of seven and a half miles."
"When the critical position of -the Stereguschtchi became
evident I hoisted my flag on the cruiser/Novik and went with the
Novik and the cruiser Boyarin to the rescue. But as five of the
enemy's cruisers surrounded our destroyer, and as their battle
ship squadron was approaching, I did not succeed in saving the
Stereguschtschi, which foundered. Part of the crew were made
prisoners and part were drowned.
WOUXDIXG OF OFFICER AXD S03IE SAILOKS.
MUKDEN, Manchuria, March II. — Admiral Makaroff,
commanding the Russian fleet, reports from Port Arthur as fol
lows :
''Six torpedo-boats which went to sea on the night of March
io, four of them being- under the general command of Captain
Mattoussevitch, encountered the enemy's torpedo-boats, followed
by cruisers.
"A hot action ensued, in which the torpedo-boat destroyer
Vlastini discharged a Whitehead torpedo and sank one of the
enemy's torpedo-boats. On the way back the torpedo-boat de
stroyer Stcreguschtchi, commanded by Lieutenant Sergueff, sus
tained damages, her engine being disabled, and she began to
founder. By 8 o'clock in the morning five of our torpedo-boat
destroyers had returned.
Russian Admiral
Reports on Clash'
of Ships at Night
Alcazar— "At the Wiite Eon*
Tavern."
California — "The Chief Juitics."
Central — "Rip Van Winkle."
Colombia — "The Silver Slipper."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Fischer's — "The Bounders."
Lyric Kail — Homer Davenport
Lecture. (Matinee Only.) -
O rphe tun — Vaud evills.
Tivoli — "The Qjrp«y Baron."
Matinees at All Theaters Tc-Bay.
THE THEATX3S.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY,^ MARCH! 12, 1904.
VOLUME XCV— XO. 103.
The San Francisco Call.One of Them Declh res He Would Die
for Prophet Smith.
MOn3iOXS?ARE 'ANGRY.
SALT LAKE CITY, March 1L— Aa H7
lustrating the intense feeling; existing
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OUTSIDE— BOUND IN— 12 MIDNIGHT.
Dark' Olympic, from l.ahaina.
.¦: -DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed inward March 11— Etrar
Jeanle, hence | March 0,- for I Seattle, p ~-
Passed outward March 11— Stmr Mackinaw,
from Tacoma. for Ban 'Francisco; Br strnr
Wellington, from Oyster Harbor/. • for j San
Francisco. -£ft»^a ¦ ¦ .
8EATTLE— Arrived March 11— Stmr Lee
lanaw from Port Los Angeles....
ABERDEEN — Arrive . March 11 — Strcr
Newburg, hence .March 7. ¦ "
Sailed March 11 — Stmr' Coronado, for San
PWro. - . _
ISLAND POnTS. .
¦ HONOLULU— Arrived March 11— Bktn W
H Dimond. hence Feb 17.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. Blind. Bleeding ttr Protruding riles.
Tour druggitft will - refund money It Puzo
Ointment fails (n ,-uro v*>u in O tn 14 day*. 50c»
Insurgents Storm Parajarito.
SAN DOMINGO, March 5 (Delayed).
The insurgents \ stormed Parajarito,
a suburb of San Domingo, yesterday.
In the engagement that followed sev
eral, men were killed and wounded, and
the Government troops finally obliged
the insurgents to withdraw. The Gov
ernment captured several guns, a num
ber of horses, several prisoners and 4000
rounds of ammunition.
JAPANESE PERJURER
RETURNED -O HAWAII
United States Marshal Is Shown
Many Courtesies by Oriental
Police. „
HONOLULU. March 5.— United States
Marshal Hendry returned from Japan
on the steamship Siberia • yesterday,
bringing with him Saburo Adachi, the
Japanese who was wanted here under
a warrant for perjury and who fled to
Yokohama. It is understood that Ada
chi is mainly wanted as a witness In
the Japanese conspiracy cases now*
pending In the Federal co*urt here.
Marshal Hendry was given every as
sistance by Japanese officials in Yoko
hama and Tokio and had no difficulty
in getting Adachi, with the assistance
of the Yokc-hema police, though Adachi
had beer, released from prison, as the
time for which he could be held to
a. wait extradition had expired before
the Marsha] reached Yokohama, .After
releasing Adachi the Japanese police,
knowing that Hendry was coming, kept
him under surveillance."
WILL OPPOSE MORMONS,
SALT LAKE, March 11.—Represent
ative gentiles of this city held a meet
ing to-night and took preliminary
steps toward the organization of a
non-Mormon party. A committee was
appointed to formulate a plan of cam
paign and organization to meet the
conditions now existing in Utah. An
other committee was appointed to pre
pare and submit to a future mass
meeting of non-Mormons a protest to
Congress against the statement of
President Smith of the Mormon church
to the effect that the people of Utah
have condoned the offenses against the
laws of the State forbidding polyga
mous living.
sum if he could avoid paying. 'On
cross-examination the witness said
that Hahn had not shown any great
feeling, but that, knowing' there had
been no good feeling between Hahn
and Dietrich, he had supposed the
condition of affairs had grown out of
that circumstance. At the conclusion
of Pope's testimony the committee
took a recess.
FISHER DENIES STORY.
On reassembling J. S. Wlliams, editor
of the Hastings (Nebr.) News, was
called. Fisher told Williams, accord
ing to his testimony, that Dietrich had
said that he was to pay $15,000 to be
elected Senator. Fisher, according to
the witness, said, "Charley (speaking
to Dietrich), I would not have done it.
I would not have paid this sum of
money to be Senator."
To this Dietrich replied:
"Never mind, Jack, that is nothing.
I have the appointment of all the post
offices in the South Platte, and there
are ways of making money on the side
In the Senate." Williams said It was
notorious that candidates for post
master had to put up for campaign ex
penses of Senators.
Jacob Fisher, present postmaster of
Hastings, Nebr., flatly contradicted the
testimony of Hahn and Williams, and
was still on the stand when the com
mittee adjourned until to-morrow.
about . Take this off the salary of the
Postmaster and tjive it to Dietrich. Besides
this the Government will pay Dietrich $1S<X)
per year rent for furnishing and heating the
said Dietrich building."
What hind of a Senator have the people
got In Nebraska? Adam Breed la willing to
sacrifice himself as Poftmapter and take the
office for JlSin) per year and pay Dietrich
$7uO per year out of hla salary, or I2SC0 for
the term of four year*. This is what took
place at Fisher's bakery In tht? hall leading
to the bakeEhop at the hour between i>:20
a. iii. and 9:30 a. m. This is what Jacob
Fisher to'.d me, *o help me God. Every word
of this Is the truth, the whole truth, so help
me Gcd.
Signed this 23d day of April. 1901.
LEOPOLD HAHN.
DIETRICH NOT FRIENDLY
Replying to a question from Senator
Hoar, Hahn eaid that when Dietrich
was elected he had given up all idea of
being continued as postmaster because
he had understood from various sources
that Dietrich was "after his scalp."
Asked if his feeling toward Dietrich
was very friendly, he admitted that it
was not
Hahn also testified to Fisher's good
character, and said that Fisher had
supported Dietrich loyally. Fisher had
told him that he (Fisher) was friendly
to him for reappolntment, but had told
him he was satisfied that he. (Hahn)
could not get it.
Beatty cross-examined Hahn and the
witness said that he had known Fisher
for twenty-five years. He said that
Fisher had told him that Dietrich had
said to him that Breed was to give
$2800. The witness added that he had
talked with Breed more than once and
that Breed had told him the story of his
offer was true.
"I was a candidate for. the position of
postmaster before the Senatorial fight
began." said the witness, "but Diet
rich said to everybody that I could not
have the place. He had always fought
me before when I ran for office, while
I had loyally supported him."
He admitted that he had frequently
said that "it was a long road that had
no turning, and that he would see that
when .Dietrich's term was out he
did. not get another election."
GAVE ADVICE TO FISHER.
Hahn would not admit, however, that
he had said that he would spend $10,000
to beat Dietrich. He had given Fisher
his word of honor that he would not re
peat the conversation, but admitted
that he had shown the memorandum to
his deputy half an hour after it_was
written.
"After I had written it I thought I'd
better show it to him, so that. some one
v.-ould know of It in case of ray death,"
he said.
John D. Pope was the next witness.
He is a former Nebraska State Senator,
an attorney, who Hahn testified. had
advised as to the course Fisher would
have to pursue with the note for $2500,
which Fisher had told Hahn he wanted
to give to Dietrich for the postmaster
ship.
Pope said he had a conversation
with Hahn on the train between
Lincoln and Hastings. Hahn asked
him whether a note given for the pur
pose of securing an appointment
could be defaulted and he had an
swered in the affirmative. He said rat
the same time Hahn had told him
that Fisher had agreed to pay. $2500
to Dietrich for the office and wanted
to know If he save a note for that
among the Mormons in some parts of
the State as a result of the investiga
tion of Reed Smoot's election now be
ing conducted by the United States
Senate, the Telegram to-night prints a
dispatch from Logan, Utah, describing
the regular monthly fast meeting held
In the tabernacle at that place. The
/neeting, which crowded the hall to suf
focation, was addressed among others
by J. M. Blair, who made a strong de
fense of polygamy, Heber Carlisle suc
ceeded Blair. He declared with great
emphasis that Congress and the entire
country were the persecutors of the
Mormon church, and then defended
polygamy, -declaring it a doctrine of
God and a revelation that had been
given to the prophet. Joseph Smith. He
approved of the conduct of President
Smith at Washington, declaring in con
clusion, "if the present difficulty makes
it necessary I will be ready to die for
President Joseph F. Smith."
"W. S. Lamoreaux then arose and
amid much excitement declared that
he believed in loyalty to the United
States Government. It was dangerous,
he said, to say such things as the pre
ceding speaker had given utterance to,
and that the Mormon church is not now
teaching polygamy, that the church
had given up such teachings and that
there was no occasion for such re
marks. Here Councilor Isaac Smith,
the presiding officer, ordered Lamo
reaux to take his seat, which he did.
¦WASHINGTON, March 11.— The Sen
atorial Inquiry into the charges against
Senator Dietrich of Neijjaska began
to-day before the special, committee in
Senator Hoar's committee room. The
inquiry, which was instituted upon the
demand of Senator Dietrich, is" for Xhi
purpose of disproving the " charges on
which the Senator was indicted last,.
iall in Nebraska and whlcb were dis
missed «n- dcimirrer. - The committee"'
consisted of Senators Hear, Platt of
Connecticut, Spooner, Cockrell and
Peltus.
All the members of the committee
except Senator Spooner were present
-when the inquiry began. Senator Diet
rich was in attendance with his attor
ney, R. E. Beatty of Hastings, and re
iy«ited his wish that the investigation
should be the fullest possible.
Leopold Hahn. postmaster at Has
tings from 1897 to 1901. was the first
witness. He was succeeded in that
office by Mr. Fisher. In reply to ques
tions by Senator Hoar. Hahn related
a conversation with Fisher on April 2S,
1901. relative to his (Fisher's) appoint
ment as Dostmaster.
"He asked me." said the witness,
•"what the office paid. I told him $2500.
He said that was what Dietrich wanted
him to pay for the office. He also told
me that Adam Breed had said that Die
trich had asked him J2S00. or $700 a
3'ear. for the four years. He .asked me
""bat I had paid Senator Thurston for
my appointment, 'and I said, 'Not one
cent." "
PRODUCES JIEMORAXDUM.
The witness also said that Fisher had
Questioned him as to whether he (Fish
er) would have to pay a note for $2500
If he should give one, and the witness
said he had volunteered to investigate
that point for him, and had done so,
petting legal advice that such a note
would not be negotiable. At a later
date Fisher had come to his store with
William Dutton and they had an
nounced that they were there for the
purpose of "fixing up the postofflce
business." He then retired. Hahn then
produced the following memorandum,
¦uhich he Raid he had. made on the day
of the conversation, thirty minutes
after it occurred:
ConvrrFatlon hrJd hetwepn Leopold Hahn
and Jamrs Fish»r in r»>gard to the Postmamer
which Mr. Dietrich will cause to appoint, cr
for eale. as you might call it. to the Tiiphest
t>!«M»>r. Hrr* is Dietrich's proposal to Fisher:
"First, to pay for the new furniture in the
room called ihr Dietrich building which will
com about $2000 or S2500
•f>con<3. to pay for all coal during the four
years for heating such a room also pay for
the Janitor's work, which will amount to
MEMBERS OFSENATORIAL COMMITTEE ENGAGED IN INVESTIGAT
ING CHARGE THAT NEBRASKA'S REPRESENTATIVE TRADED IN
POSITIONS. AND ACCUSED OFFICIAL, WHO DEMANDED INQUIRY.
Dean of Harvard to \ _ »t Stanford.
BOSTON, March 11.— Dean James
Bare Ames of the Harvard Law. School
is to deliver a series of lectures during
May before the Leland Stanford Uni
versity and will leave Cambridge for
California on May 1. Dean Ames 13
one of the most popular of Harvard
lecturers. . • - ¦ -
KANSAS CITY, March 11.— John Me- j
Neil, grand president-organizer of the j
Brotherhood of- Boilermakers and Iron
Ship Builders of America, has sent j
a letter to every Senator and Repre- (
sentative In Congress concerning pend
ing legislation in which the members Of
the brotherhood are personally inter- ,
ested. He asks that in discussing these '
measures the side fit labor be presented
as viewed by labor, and that legislation
be enacted to build up an American^
merchant marine. President McNeil's
letter is as follows:
Dear Sir— In the name of 24, COO American •
worklngmen, members of the Brotherhood of
Boiler-makers and Iron. Ship Builders of Ameri
ca,- with 500 lodgeB In as many different parts j
of the United States. I most respectfully ask
you to. support the roUowing bills now pending
In Congress, on the sole ground , that their
passage will mean more work for our members i
at their trade: . . .(
Senate bill 2259. "To regulate shipping In j
the tmde between the ports of the United :
States and ports cr place* In the Philippine |
Islandr." and House bill 12,222. which Is the |
same thins-; Senate bill 22ttt. for the carriage J
of Government war and naval stores In Ameri
can vessels, and House bill lH.l.'Ki. which Is the ,
same thing; and House bill 7000. "creating i
a commission to consider and recommend
legation for the development of the American
merchant marine." ¦ .
TVe arf. not interested in trusts, combina
tions cr monopolies; we have neither political j
nor partiBan interest In these bills; we want :
them --assed because they mean work for us |
at our traile. >
American shipbuilders cannot build ships as
chonply In the United States as foreign ships
are built, largely because of the wages men of
our cratt receive, which are far hlsher than
ohtnln in foreign phlpyardg and boiler shops.
We stnnd for the American standard of wages
and of living-, and are better citizens because
we enjoy them. We want no diminution In
our wages Rnd no reduction In • our style of
living: but we want to stand p.s do worklnK
men in other trades, on the American level.
They are r.ble to do so. largely because our
Government protects them as,aln«t the free
competition of foreign products. Our ships- In
the deep sea trade ara unprotected, and so
cannot compete with fcrelsn ship?. Congress
should remedy thin condition, and this we
ask. The bills above named will help, where
fore we again appeal to yo-.i to work and vote
for them; In the interest of American working
men. Very -espectfully yours. • • •
JOHN MCNEIL.
Grand President-Organizer brotherhood of
Boiler-makers and Iron Ship Builders of
America.
WASHINGTON, March 11.— The only
witness on the stand to-day in the in
vestigation of the Senator Smoot case
before the Senate Committee on'Priv
ileges and Elections was E. B. Critch
low, formerly Assistant Unite'd States
Attorney for Utah. He continued his
history of the Mormon church, detail
ing instances in which the high offi
cers of the church have manifested
their power over the members in order
to compel obedience in all affairs, and
in which excommunication has been
the price of the independent spirit. Sen
ator Beveridge assisted in the examina
tion, and his attempt's to prove cer
tain evidence incompetent livened what
otherwise would have been the first dull
day of the hearing.
Many women, representing organiza
tions interested in the contest, arrived
in Washington to-day for the purpc-se
of perfecting their plans and wage a
more effective contest. They attended
the sessions of the committee and after
the hearings met in committee rooms
and discussed the progress made.
E. B.. Critchlow of Salt Lake City re
sumed his statement in regard to the
conditions in Utah and the prosecutions
of polygamists.
Following the history of the State
down to Smoofs candidacy for the Sen
ate, Critchlow said Smoot announced
his candidacy for the Senate first in
1900, and that the announcement met
with 'opposition from Republicans and
others.
The objections were manifested, ac
cording to the witness, at the Salt Lake
city elections for members of the Leg
islature and in expressions from the
Ministerial Association of Utah.
The witness said that laymen in the
Mormon church felt that the candidacy
of an apostle wourd be unwise, when it
was charged that a quorum of the first
presidency and apostles were living in
open defiance of the laws against
polygamous cohabitation.
Senator Beveridge questioned the.
witness in regard to the general repu
tation of Senator Smoot, particularly
as to whether he is a polygamist.
Critchlow said he had never heard it
charged that Smoot has more than one
wife.
Reference was made to the necessity
of the Mormons to secure the' consent
of their associates to go into certain
business projects r and the'effeet- 6f tho
proceeding when such a consent was
withheld. Critchlow said that it was
the opinion of many persons that if
offlcer"s,~ L Such as apostles, should enter
politics there was no chance for lay'
men and they .would hot dare to aspire,
to high political honors. .The necessity
of apostles to secure consent is equiv
alent to church endorsement when that
consent is given, said the witness.
"You say they would not dare aspire
to .office," said Senator Beverldgc.
"What would happen if they did?"
"They would be held to be out of
harmony and not, disposed to take
counsel of those higher in the church."
"What would be done to them?"
"They would be disfellowshiped and
ostracized from the church."
"Do you know of any who have been
disfellowshiped for independent politi
cal action?"
The witness said he did not know
any that- he could mention.
The witness, when asked concerning
Senator Smoot's power to prevent vio
lations of the laws in regard to polyga
mous cohabitation, said:
"By one word Smoot could either stop
what is going on or cease to be an
apOBtle."
He had got up the protest again3t
Senator Smoot at the suggestion of Dr.
W. M. Padden, the first signer of tho
protest, witness having prepared the
protest against Brigham H. Roberts
and being familiar with the proceed
ings.
Mr. Critchlow said he had obtained
most of the signatures to the protest.
Senator Beveridse asked ' if any one
signed the .Drotest without reading it.
"One, I believe," was the answer,
"Ezra Thompson, Mayor. Mr. Thomp
son had heard the protest explained
and knew what was in it."
The names of John R. Winder, Presi
dent Hatch and President Clough were
read to show that persons who are not
polygamists have attained high posi
tions during. Smith's presidency.
Critchlow responded that they were
exceptions because of their great pop
ularity and the fact that it was well
known their wives had greater influ
ence over them than the church. Each
of the men mentioned, he added," is said
to have an exceptional wife.
To show the" general feeling of gen
tiles toward Mormons Van Cott brought
out in the cross-examination that
Critchlow voted to elect pc-Iygamlsts
as members of the. constitutional con
vention and that he" had been on the
stump with John Henry Smith, who is
a polygamist. .
As Chairman Burrows adjourned the
committee until to-morrow, he re
marked: "All this exemplifies what is
often stated, that politics makes
strange bedfellows."
;, The following statement was Issued
after a meeting of the, women:
"At a meeting of the executive board
of the National League of Women's
Organizations of American held to-day
in Washington a resolutlc-n was unani
mously adopted requesting that on Sun
day, ' March 27, or as soon thereafter
as- possible, every clergyman In the
United States ask every man ,to % write
to United \States Senators requesting
them, In view of the evidence already
presented in: the. case of Reed. Snioot,
to. vote against the retention of Smoot
in the highest law making body of the
country."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 11.— A freight
wreck on the Tustin branch of the
Southern Pacific yesterday resulted In
saving a man's life. A car was de
railed at a cattle guard while the train
was moving slowly, and the crew was
trying to get it back^n the track when
an old man came running across the
fields and shouted' to them that a man
was being suffocated in a well, about
half a mile distant. He Implored/ them
to come Iknd.help to get him 'out.
The railroad men rushed to the res
cue with the old man, a " ranchman
named Smith. The old man "explained
to them as they ran that his hired man
had gon'e'lo tTie"~B6ltorn~6f a' well 'about
fifty feet deep to cleanse a pump with
gasoline and had been overcome with
trie fumes of the volatile fluid.- Smith
was not strong enough to get the man
out bf*the pit by himself, but when he
had secured help he heroically, de
scended into the well and tied, a/rope
around the insensible man's body and
gave the signal to draw him -up. The
victim revived after being hauled' out
of. the pit, but In a few minutes more
the gasoline fumes would undoubtedly
have proved fatal to him* .'¦'
Urges Passage of Measure
That Promises to Develop
American Merchant Marine
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
Afterward Issue v Statement
Asking Every Citizen to
Eeqnest Eenioval of Smoot
Assistance Arrives in? Time
to E3ftrkate'ihirarnihand
and He Is Soon Eevived
FAVOES PENDING BILLS
WOMEN ATTEND SESSION
TEAINMEN TO r EESCUE
| Proceedings Are Instituted on the Demand of Nebraska's Representative in
the Upper House of Congress That He Be Given the Opportunity to
Disprove the Accusation That He Traded in Political Appointments
While Crew Eights a Car
They Learn That Laborer
Is Suffocating in a Well
President of Brotherhood of
Boiler -'Makers Writes to
Legislators at Washington
Attorney Critchlow Details
Instances of Power of the
Church Over the Members
GIVES HISTORY
OF MORMONISM
SENATORIAL COMMITTEE COMMENCES
INQUIRY INTO DIETRICH CHARGES
ASKS SUPPORT
OF LAWMAKERS
LIFE IS SAVED
BY A WRECK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1001.
2
jvg&^&sM MEN AND WOMEN.
H^S^&S^ITIIeS^wJ Ota Big O for nnnatorai
itGBHW tn t ta i <bt</w9 dl»charges.tnfl»nim»tioat,
isSStT OauBcteed W lrritatloae or ulcerationa
E(4k9H set ta atrlutan. of rnucoas ruombrane*.-
j""^i Vrm-nmU c.nu.l... Pain'.ut. und not aitrla-
EfgSlTHEEytNSCHEMOlCO. «ent or poi.onous.
\Z3& CIKOINJUTI.O.I^a «olil by Droc»liU,
Aib»T^> _-r«»?'Sl t>r expreii. prepaid, lor
•'•Q°- "r S bottles $2.75.
¦ CirenlK 1 leut on muesU
Soap for toilet, nursery,
bath and shaving. Match-
less among all. soaps in
the world for. tkese pur-
poses.
Sold all over the -world.
SEEM AND
UNSEEN
Many people think of
Scott's Emulsion as merely
a flesh builder, but its flesh
building is only an outward
sign of the new life-building
process within the vital
important than the seen.
parts of the body. .
It builds up the blood
cells, the nerves and life
tissues before the added
flesh begins to appear.
Its unseen work is more
ADVEETISEMENTS.
SCOTT'S ZMULSION.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
A Bad Stomach
Lessens the usefulness and mars the ha;
piness of life. ;
It's a weak stomach, a stomach that ca'
not properly perform its functions.
Among Its symptoms are distress aftc
;atlng, nausea between meals, heartbun
oelchlr.g, vomiting, flatulence and nervct"
headache.
Hood's Sarsaparilk
Cures a bad stomach. Indigestion and dy: .
pepsia, and the enre is permanent.*;-" . /' '
f)f Candies
Chocolates W
c Bonbons Jl
Given Away Free
With
teas. Coffees, Spices \
Baking Powder
It Pays to
- Trade at
I Great American Importing Tea Co's
1 Stores
H 861 Market 210 Grant by. 1419 Polk
H 140 Sixth 1S19 Devisadero 706 Larldr
H 475 Halght 3006 Sixteenth S55 Hayes
M 3235 Mission 621 Mont*V are. 62 Market
B 2C08 Fillmore- 2516 Mission 146 Ninth
g 366 Third 2782 a4th 433 Fourt :
()vi3it DR. JORDAN'S great d
dmUSEUH OF fifiaTOHY^
A CT) i:31MA2Zi: ; £7..t«t.5:ii7'J:,S.T.W. A
\ C The Lar^nt Anateaical Muinm la the \
0 ,i j -p Wotid. W«akne*>« or tuf amntttd A
O gS \Z \ Spteiallil on ihe Com Eli. 36 yean. O
A fl^^fi OR. JDROAN-QiSEASES OF MEN 4
\ f f>> L^JI Ccmultition free snd strictly prime. \
f] fl jW / H Treatment personally r>r by Utler. A A
Y n \? nU Pttitin dm in e»ery «•:« undertaken. '
np I HA w>lle for B - 1ok - »«iw««fB* •» A
» ' I It * BARRIACK. ,MAILU> FtH. (AT
1 JJ H »iiuab!e book (or mrn) \
V DaiUCDAN & CO.. 1031 Market St.. S. P. V
) _¦¦ 1'i.t "^' '¦'•"•'¦¦'
&$<£&& » k a m * fSf £3\
A CURE IN *» HOURS.
OCEAN TBAVZL.
1 " ¦ ¦ i ¦ " ¦ ~ ' " " ' ' ¦"'""'¦'" ¦¦"¦¦'
jfamburg-Jtmerican.
Bi-weekly Twin Screw Service.
Tot Plymouth, Cherboarar. Hambnrff.
THE OEEAT OCEAN PLTGB,
S. S. Debtschland
680% ft. Jonir— 23% knots average speed.
Sails Apr. 7. May 12. June 9. Jury 7.
Pretoria Mar. 12 Pennsylvania ..ApL 2
WalderBee Mar. 19 'Deuts-chUna ..ApL 7
t'Bluecfcer ....Mar. 24|Patrlcla ApL 9
t*Mcltke Mar. 3llBel«ravia .ApL 16
•Grill room and fgymnaslum en board.
HAMBUEO-AMEEICAS XJOTZ.
" Offleei, 33 and 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOQ & CO.. 401 CALIFORNIA
OCMDIC8.5.CO.|«^;£
S.S. AUMEDA, for Honolulu. Men. 12. II a.m.
S S. MARIPOSA. for TahlU. Men. 18. 11 a.rn.
S I S. SONOMA. . for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thur.. March 24. 2 p. m.
4J.INU.aSft BSGS.C9, lfl3..TKlii0fti t 643Iimia
Jt^tlOGkUi 8arbtSL.Rsrli. 7.fidk It
ADVEBTISEMZJrrS.
U.S. CONSUL
AT MAMAS
Says He Has Been Restored
to Complete Health by
MUNVON'S
PAW=PAW
r\R. J. W. EGBERT, STATIOXED AT
Mount Road, Madras, India, as con-
sular agent, * has ' had opportunity to
learn from the natives of that country
just what the . natural properties of
"CJaraca Papal," or Paw-Paw, are. Ho
says that "Mupyon has found the way to
combine Paw-Paw so as to get the best
results," and he offers his own experi-
ence with my preparation as proof.
MUXTOX.
WHAT DR. EGBERT SAYS:
"T>urin£' my furlough In the United
States for* my -health, which was im-
paired by long residence in the trop-
ics, I wa* induced by a friend to try Dr.
Munyon> Paw- Paw tonic. The result
has been most satisfactory, and through
the agency of .thl* remarkable remedy I
have ! been restored to complete health,
although my . stomach and liver were
very badly deranged. Paw-Paw contains
the Indian Papaya, which In India is
highly esteemed and is In general use
by the' medical profession there as a
stomach- tonic. I can thoroughly recom-
mend this remedy to all who need a first-
class general" tonic and pick-me-up."
(Signed> J. W. EGBERT. M. D..
Madras. India.
. November 12. 1903.
Sold by all druggists. Large bottle. $1.
Paw-Paw Laxative Pilla. 25c a bottle.
; ;; : *. ocean, '.tbavet*.
. vtftr"/ 2 *"".. ¦ Steamer* leave Baoadway
/^yP^-SOjv wharves* Plera J> and 11. .
'/trcJ^ '^\ti\ Satv Francisco. ; \
/O/ WSS^i V-M * or ' Ketchlkan. Wran^l.
I t v£2R\ I ¦ I Juneau. Ilaines. Skatfway.
1 \-\W3ttSw I etc. Alaska— U a. rn.. Mar.
\*V \\ -l/fif'" 1 •• 1X » r ft - 21 - 26 > **• Apr-
• v!r s ~il^iJ--5»>' 5 - ¦ Cfeane*'. to company's
steamers at Seattle.
r*-- 1 ***^ ¦ For ¦ Victoria, Vaneoursr.
Port T&wnsend, Seattle, Tacbma, Everett. liel-
llnKham— 11 a. m.. Mar. 1. e» 11. 1«, 21. 26. ai.
Apr. 5. Chang* at Seattle. to this company 1 *
•tea mem. for Alaska and G. N. .Ry.; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ;-ai Vancouver to C.
P. Ry. ¦ *. ¦
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, ' t,:-'*O
p. m Mar. 5 11. 17. 2!. Z». Apr. 4. Spokanj.
1:30 p. ro.. Mar. 2, 8. It. 20. 2tt, Apr. 1.
' For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angelas and
Redondc), San Diego an;! Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa, Sundays. !• a. m.
. State of California, Thursdays. $> a. m.
For Ia>b Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Sap Pedro). Santa Barbara,. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucosi, Port Harrord \S*a
Luis Oblgpo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 0 a. m.. Mar. •, Hi. 21. Apr. V
Bonltn. 0 a. m.. Mar. 12, 20. 28, Apr,, 3.
For Emwnada, Mandalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. MaiatUn. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas. (Mex.). 10 a. m.. "th each
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OPPICES — I New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market «t.
C. D. DUNAN'N'. General Passentrer Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 gutter st.. will
caP for and check bajreagre from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMEKICAJT r.INE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg* — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 9:30 a. m.
New Tork Mar. 121 Zeefd.Mar. 2t5. 10:30am
St. Paul Mar. 10 St. Loula Apr. 2
ATLANTIC TBAITSPOBT LIITE.
New TforJc — London Direct.
Menomlnee Mar. 13. O a. m.
Minneapolis Mar. 1». 7 a. m.
Mcsaba Mar. 26. 9 a. m.
Micnetcnka Apr. 2. 7 a. ra.
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada Mar. 121 Dominion Apr. '2
Vancouver Mar. 26iCanr>broman — .Apr. ft
HOLLAND-AaiEEICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.500 Tons.
Hew Tork — Rotterdam, Via Boologas.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam Mar. SlStatendam Mar. 29
Nocriaia Mar. 221 Potsdam Apr. 3
BED STAB LINE.
New Tcrk — Antwerp — Paris. .
From New Tork Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Vaderland Mar. 12|ZeeIand Mar. 2«
Kroonland Mar. 10 1 Finland Apr. 2
WHITE STAR LINE.
New Tork — Craeenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Oceanic. .Mar. 9, noon (Majestic. Mar. 30. 1O am
Celtic. . .Mar. IB. 4 pm Oceanic. .Apr. 6. 1O am
Cedrlc.Mar. 23. 9 am Teutonic. Apr. 13.10am
Boston — Qnsenitown — Liverpool.
Cymric Mar. IT. Apr. 1*. May 12
Cretic Mar. S3, April 23
BOSTON MIDITraSANEAK SESVICE.
Azores. Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
CANOPIC Mar. 12. Apr. 23. May 2*
REPUBLIC (new) ? Mar. 2rt
ROMANIC April 0. May 14. June IS
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
|*^>t£lE#S. MAIUEILL£S.~ CUQa\1 I
iff HAPieS fr ALEXANDRIA. EGYPT.^J
REPUBLIC (new) "...Ma'r. 2«
ROMANIC Apr. 9. May 14. Jun« IS
CANOPIC Apr. 23. May 2S. July 2
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest la the
Mediterranean service.
First class, |65 upward.
Boston to Liverpool qw^Sow*
CTMRIC Mar. 17. Apr. 14, May 12
CRETIC Mar. 31. Apr. 23
Flrat class. $W> and $65 upward. accord-
Ing to steamer. For plans, etc.. address
C. D. TATLOR. Passenger Agent Pacina
Coast. 21 Pest St.. San Francisco.
O. /?• St N. CO.
OREGON sails March IS. 28. April 7. 17. 27,
May 7 and 17. GEO. W. ELDER sails Marrh
IX 23, Asrit 2. J2. 22. May 2 and 12. Only
•teamshlp line to PORTLAND. OK., and Pnort
rail lln* from Portland to all points East
Through tickets to all points. - Steamer
tickets Include berth and meala. Steamer sails
foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m.» S. F. BOOTH
Gen. A*t. Pass. Dept.. 1 Moncomery st. • c'
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent Freight Dept', •*
Montgomery it.
C0S7AQKIS QS3E&ALK TKAMJATL VSTigrS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-^ARIS. .,
Sailing rvery Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. —^?ZZ~
North River, foot of Morton St..
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. " GEN-
EKAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AN'J
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Tork. J. F. FTGAZI & CO.. Pacific Co*3C
Agenti. 8 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket!! sold by all Railroad Ticket A gents.
Mare Island and yallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIEpor MONTICELLO^.
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and S:3O p. m., exesp: Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. S:30 p. m. Leave Vallej*
7 a. m., 12:30 and 6 p. m ex. Sunday. Sui.>
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. T*l.
Main 15CS. .Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. doc*. SATC1I
BROS.DENVER, March 11.— Governor Pea
body's order abolishing martial law in
the Telluride district .removes the mil
itary from any active participation in
the affairs of the strike-Infested . dis
tricts of Colorado. The t troops were
first brought into use In the Cripple
Creek district .more than six months
ago. The cost to the State for military
operations during Governor Peabody's
administration is estimated at- over
J6OO,O6O. ' " ' -- .'I ;
Martial Law In Colorado Costly.
Dr. L. S. Mace of 120 Sunset avenue
has lodged a complaint with the Health
Department that milk furnished to him
by a^well known local milk company
contains " formalin,' In 'consequehce'\ of
which his 20-months-crld boy developed
a perious disorder. A warrant will -be
sworn out to-day forithe arrest, of the
manager of the company furnishing the
milk," {¦*:¦ -:/""::¦ r -; 7 ; ; : -. '''"' -"-¦"-..¦
Makes Serious Charge.
will entertain her friends by a discus
sion of "Parsifal," with Interpretation.
"Parsifal" has come to mean as much
to Gothamites as their dally bread.
Miss Helen Bowie gave a luncheon
to twelve friends in honor of thu
much-feted Miss F.rances Harris, who
has promised her hand to Ernest S.
Stent. P-*?:
Miss Jane Wilshire will be .hostess
to-day at a card party, when "500"
will be played. A pretty bevy of this
and last year's debutantes will shuffle
the cards and discuss the • luncheon
afterward.
The Doctor's Daughters Circus and
Horse'show on the 25th inst. promises
to o'ertop anything heretofore seen ifl
this line— William Greer. Harrison's cir
cus 'notwithstanding. ; Of /course, the
Circus - Maximus was bigger— but then,
quality counts for something, you
know. Great deeds of prowess are be
ing practiced daily, until the young
horsewomen, likewise their mounts,
can do . their stunts with a rhythm
beautiful to see. s
The-resular monthly meeting of the
Ladles' Auxiliary of the Pacific Hospi
tal will be held at \ the home^of .' Mrs.
F.S. Ford, 117 Twelfth street, on Mon
day next at 2:30 p. m. .—
BUDAPEST. Hungary. March 11. — Tfc«
recruiting bill, which had b>"en the subject of
strong opposition for * long time, passed all
Us stages to-day in the lower house of the-
Hungarian Diet.
the Mission district. He served ninety
days in the San Mateo County Jail for
malicious mischief for damaging the
railway station at San Mateo a few
years ago when attending a picnic at
that place. When questioned at the
police station he declined to talk or
give any information regarding his ac
complices.
Debate on Socialism.
The Alhambra Theater was crowded
to the doors last night by an audience
eager to listen to the debate between
Rev. Stint Wilson of Los Angeles and
Rev. E. J. Baker of this city on the
subject, "Socialism." The debate was
under the auspices of the Pacific Coast
Socialist Lecture Bureau and the ad
herents of socialism were largely in the
majority. Berth of the eloquent gentle
men delivered forceful addresses. Rev.
Mr. Baker speaking against and Rev.
Mr. Wilson in favor of the socialistic
doctrines.
Isidore Golden is to retain his office
as Justice of the Peace in place of
Percy V. Long, resigned, according to
the opinion handed down yesterday
by Attorney General W. S. Webb.
The case is one that has excited
much attention, depending, as it did,
upon what authority was vested the
right to make the appointment in this
case. The facts of the case are these:
Percy V. Long was elected Justice of
the Peace on November 4. 1902, for
a term of two years, commencing
January 8, 1903. He filled that posi
tion until January 2, 1904, when he
resigned. On the same day Mayor
Schmitz appointed Walter Gallagher
to fill the unexpired term. On the
same day Governor Pardee appointed
Golden to fill the office and on Jan
uary 4 the Board of Supervisors ap
pointed Walter E. Dorn to fill the po
sition.
Thereupon Walter Gallagher,
through his attorneys, James G. Ma
guire and Joseph Leggett, asked per
mission of the Attorney General to
maintain an action in the name of
the people on his relation against
Golden and Dorn.
The Attorney General In his reply
states that no question Is made as to
the qualification of any one of said ap
pointees, but that the sole question
rests upon the fact of who had the legal
right to make the appointment. |V
¦The Attorney General went at ..great
length into the question and in his re
ply quoted Imany authorities upon the
subject at issue, but decided that as
the power to appoint a successor to a
Justice of the Peace is not otherwise
provided for in the constitution or
statutes of this State the power. is
vested in the Governor and that Golden
is the legal appointee.
• "The granting of the leave to sue,"
he stated, "would, in his judgment, b-:
an abuse of discretion." Permission to
sue was therefore denied. •
BAKER CITY, Or., March 1L— Two
men were killed in a snowslide last
night at the Queen of the West mine,
in the Cornucopia district, sixty miles
northeast of here. The dead are:
H. W. HOLLAND.
A. C. COX.
Six others were injured, none, how
ever, fatally. The injured: G. W. Es
tates, Thomas Smith, Thomas Mills,
| John Hunt, Frank Larimer, Nels Lund
! strom.
The crash came at 5:30 o'clock, when
the miners were coming off the day
shift The slide razed the building and
bunkhouses and swept the occupants
down almost to the bottom of the can
yon, hundreds of feet below. The dead
and injured were recovered with diffi
culty from the. debris.
The mine is located in Bonanza Basin,
one mile from the spot where Super
intendent Fred C. Dobler.of the Cornu
copia mine lost his life a year ago. The
snow In the basin was from ten to 100
feet deep. The slide started midway
between the' Queen of the West mine
and Summit, gathering mass and mo
mentum as it thundered down the sides
of the mountain. With a tremendous
roar the avalanche struck the surface
plant of the mine and in a twinkling
all that was left to mark the spot was
the office occupied by Superintendent
Bert Smith. Below the mine the moun
tainside is less steep and the slide lost
its momentum, to which fact is at
tributed the saving of^the lives of
twelve of the fourteen who made the
wild ride on the top of the slide.
Every winter an avalanche in Cornu
copia County claims victims. The
heavy snowfall and steepness of the
mountains make the safety of the .min
ers alfnost impossible. All over the
Blue Mountains this year slides have
occurred with heavy loss of property,
but yesterday was the first loss of life.
t < ; w
A bold hold-up in the Mission shortly
after 6 o'clock last night resulted in
the capture of one of three men that
entered the grocery and saloon of
Edward Ringe, 2S62 Mission street.
At the time mentioned three men
walked into the saloon, where Albert
Ringe, son of the proprietor, was in
attendance, and called for three glasses
of beer. While young Ringe was in
the act of drawing the beer he was
ordered by one of the. three, who flour
ished a revolver, to throw up his hands
arid keep his mouth shut. The young
man obeyed with alacrity and one of
the. thugs walked behind the bar,
opened the cash register and extract
ed |8. .*;£
1 Ringe was then backed up against
the billiard table and one of the rob
bers proceeded to, search his. pockets.
At that juncture the elder Ringe, hear
ing the unusual noise in the saloon,
came downstairs from the living apart
ment, which is over the store. Hearing
him coming down the stairs, the rob
bers beat a retreat. They bolted out
of the door and ran up Twenty-fifth
street to Bartlett, running along that
street to Twenty-fourth, where they
separated: Just as they turned into
Twenty-fourth street, John Henderson,
who lives at 3347 Twenty-fourth" street,
caughx sight o£ one of the fellows, who
held a pistol in his hand, and gave
chase. Henderson was told. to keep at
a distance or he would get shot. 'This
threat caused him to slacken his pace,
but, nevertheless, he kept sight of the
fleeing criminal, giving the alarm as
he followed. _
The, alarm attracted the attention of
W. H. Brucoe, a bootblack, whose
stand is on the street. Brucoe stepped
out and tripped up the fleeing thief,
throwing him to the sidewalk. Before
he had gained , his footing, Policeman
James Doran was on top of him and
placed the handcuffs on his wrists and
took him to the Seventeenth street sta
tion, where he was charged with rob
bery. . The pistol was found on the
street, where he threw It while being
pursued. The arrested man gave the
name of - Alfred > Reynolds, but"Tthis is
fictitious, as he was recognized ; as Al
fred Smith, whose brother. J.C. Smith,
keeps- a at Twenty-fifth and
Church streets. 'When searched at the
station $6 40 was found on him.
Smith is well known to the police of
RED BLUFF, March 11.— Some time
last night the postoffice at Vina, this
county, was broken Into and robbed.
The amount claimed to have been se
cured is about $2000, $700 of which be
longed to depositors and the balance
to the Postoffice Department. The rob
ber or robbers effected an entrance
through a rear door by breaking out
the - glass. A~*small . sheetiron door
between the hall and the postoffice was
opened with a cold chisel and the rob
ber did not have to use force on the
safe, whheh was a small one, but he
worked the combination, showing
familiarity with the lock or ihat he
was an expert. No clew is advanced
nor is the hour of the robbery known.
The night was stormy and the streets
were' nearly deserted. The registry
window was also broken open, which
leads to the theory that more than one
person participated.
• • •
Europe is calling. The exodus from
the West, likewise from the East, has
begun. . Among the latest to decide
upon a tour of the Old World are Miss
Henrietta Moffat and the Misses Bull,
who leave next week.
On Thursday Miss Moffat was the
guest of honor at a charming tea given
by Mrs. John E. Medau of Baker street.
Receiving with the hostess were Miss
Moffat, Mrs. Frank Winchester, Mrs.
Charles Francis Jackson, Mrs. William
R. Cluness Jr.', Mrs. Herman Haden
feldt, Mrs. Alfred Rulofson, Miss Emma
Moffat, Miss Rella Murdock and , Miss
Marie Bull.
On Monday Mrs. Arthur Sharp, sister
of Miss Moffat,. will entertain in her
honor.
Mrs." A. Bergevin of Chicago has is
sued Invitations for a luncheon to be
given in the palm garden of the' Palace
at noon to-day. After the luncheon
the guests will witness the "Silver Slip
per." The guests will include Mrs.
Clarence Martin Mann, Mrs. Joseph
Manuel Masten, Mrs. Charles J.' Stovel,
Mrs. Isaac Trumbo, Mrs. William
Morehouse, Mrs. William Willis, Mrs.
Edward Younger, Miss Martel and Miss
BIrdsell bf Sacramento.
. Mrs. Bergevin leaves for her home
in Chicago on Monday next.
* * ¦ *
Miss Laura McKinstry is back on her
native heath." promising to roam no
more — for a time. But the wandering
spirit is Ineradicable once it , becomes
deep seated.
On Thursday Otto Spamer gave the
first of his concerts in ; Century Hall,
under the patronage of Mrs. Jack Cas
serly, Mrs. . Mclfrnstry, Mrs. J. Li
Flood, Mrs. Mark Gerstle. Mrs. James
Tucker, Miss 'Ames, Mrs. Ben Lathrop^
Miss Celia Tobin and Miss 'Louise
Breeze. The following numbers were
rendered in the best Spamer mood,
which were heard by the '. v Twentieth
Century, MusicarClub enmasse:
Mendelssohn's violin concert: E min
or, the; Larghetto from a Mozart quin
tet, Ernst's Orhellol Fantasie, a Lalo
Romance, /Wilhelmj's paraphrase from
"Siegfried" and the Paganirii-Wilhelrnj
Concert. D .major. GyulaOrmay sus
tained, the piano parts most accepta
bly. The next concert will occur on
March 17. . . ° ,
, To-day Mrs. R. G. Hanford /will en
tertain'a party of friends' at the
Columbia', with tea in the palm garden
later. ,
To-day. Mrs.* Albert -Woodburn Scott
Successor to Percy V. Long
Is to Retain His Position
as Justice of the Peace
Buildings and Bunkhouses
Are Swept to the Bottom
of Canyon and Demolished
Three Men Rob Keeper of
Saloon at Point of Revol
ver and Run for Freedom
Postoffice Is Broken Into
and More Than Two Thou
sand Dollars Carried Away
By Sally Sharp.
MINERS PERISH
IN SNOWSLIDE
GOLDEN WILL
KEEP THE PLACE
VINA THIEVES
ARE AT WORK
FLEEING THUG
IS CAPTURED
TEA IS GIVEN
IN HONOR OF
MISS MOFFAT
BROKERS SAY THEY WILL.
PAY THEIR CREDITORS TO-DAY
liolton. de Rnyter & Co. Do Not Want
the Six Months' Grace Al
lowed Them.
Bolton, de Ruyter & Co., grain,
etock and bond brokers of this city,
•who recently failed, have decided to
pay the remainder of their creditors
to-day, instead of waiting until Sep
tember 15, in accordance with their
former agreement to make the last
l>aymenL
It was decided that the first pay
ment of 50 per cent of the firm's in
debtedness be made on February 15,
25 per cent on March 15 and the re
mainder in six months from the March
payment.
Yesterday, however, the firm noti
fied its creditors that the entire
a mount unpaid to date would be paid
over to-day.
SOLDIERS ARE ORDERED
TO LEAVE TELLURIDE
Governor Peabody Declares Martial
Law at an End in Colorado 3Iln
ing District.
TELLURIDE. Colo., March 11.—Cap
tain Bulkeley Wells. In command of
the military Interests in the State, read
an order on the streets to-night, signed
by Governor Peabody; declaring mar
tial law here at an end. At a banquet
given to the militiamen in camp here,
which followed the reading of the order,
another order from Adjutant General
Bell was read directing the men tu
quit camp and return to their homes.
"While there is no change in strike
conditions as far as the members of
the Western Federation of Miners ar»
concerned, it is claimed by the oper
ators that the mines of the district are
working the same as when conditions
were normal. V ..
TIIi^ SAN FRANCISCO GALL. SATURDAY. MARCH •¦¦ 12," 1001.
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A DOUBTING THOMAS
Had Els railing Hair Stopped, and Dan-
druff Cured, Without Faith.
H. B. Fletcher. Butte. Mont.. Oct. 24.
1500. says: | "Like many other people, I
have been troubled for years with dan-
druff, and within the last few months my
h^ir came out so badly that I was com-
pelled to have what I had left clipped
very close. A friend recommended New-
bro'F Hcrpicide. I confess that I doubted
hip etory. but I gave HerpJcide a trial;
tv>w my hair is as thick as ever, and en-
tirfly free from dandruff." "Destroy the
cauj»c. you remove the effect." Herpicide
in a doliphtfu! haJr dressing for regrular
i;se. Sold by leading druggists. Send
3 0c in. stamps for sample to The Herpl-
cide Co., Detroit. Mich.
What Schilling's Best doe. c
for a family: saves all care
sbout
ccffc« flavoring r>:raci tod a
and setths those questions
once for ail.
A N 1 ''' ...:./•* 5fc. ,2 StrCCL 3.llfl lOvVCll cinCl LlClUy oLICCL oLUICo. I UU d.1 C VVClL/vJillC LU :': 4j^ j-<^ * 5 *"50y- I 1 S*?^?'>
"h . variet Y at the ? e . prices shows that you do not have to pay i^»^/0f, i
c '^^^^^^^ff^^^^^^ 1^^^^ The result is: The garments have an air of distinction about them |^ *
—a finish and quality that distinguishes them as. stylish and dressy. -^^
There is a harmonious selection of linings and trimmings to com- b /^^^^^
bine w ith thefabric, which makes the clothes pleasing in effect.
,^^B^^^^&JS^^K^^^^^^J^{ any time they are brought in. This alone will save you many a
"lliiii^ /^UT-OF-TOWN customers should write for samples of these elegant
*$W&> '^M^^^^^^ 1^^ I I patterns.- They will find among the assortment many fabrics suit- ; 0^^ &*&mf
**^7 fjppiil^, « . V^ a bie for wear in the interior where the weather is warm. , .,'• ;, ' • f"^^|W ¦**~w r
r^ fc k^^^^^^fe We wju send a self-measuring blank which will insure a §atisfactdry-ffe^fe ; f : - r -;:-^'- i^^^^^^^fe
Address Dept.*L. \ •*3XEitrta*rzon»uap:
740 Market Street, £^l Ikl % A/iTl f\ W\ If £lt\* Corner Powell, Eddy
Opp- Third. Cl)ilJ' and Market Sts.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Jfttap-
Tou couldn't get a better value for the
money than you'll find this knife to b*.
It pafs'to buy a good knife — one that will
give you good service under any condi-
tions.
All my cutlery is high-class, including.
such well-known brands as Wostenbolm's,
HenckeVs. Jordan's. Stiletto, etc.
RAZORS, as low as f l.OO. Excellent
. quality.
SCISSORS, from 2Se up.
; RAZOR STROPS, from 23<« upward.
2 bars -William's 10c SHAVING SOAP.
15c. •
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
.F.- W. PITTS; Th« Stationer.
1008 Maxkot Street. Abor* VowtIL
San Francisco.GRASS VALLEY, March 11.— On
1op of a terrific windstorm comes a'
biting cold snap and a heavy fall of
snow. Reports of damage from wind
are beginning to come in from the
country. The greatest damage so far
is to a flume carrying the tailings of
the North Star mine to Mitchell's
sand plant. Snow has been falling at
intervals since 2 o'clock this morn
ing and there is every indication of a
big snow storm before the end cames.
An electric storm this afternon inter
fered somewhat with traffic and the
trolley line between here and Nevada
City was also affected. ,
Much Damage at Grass Valley.
UK I AH, March 11.— Mendocino Coun
ty has been cut off. from the world for
two days, the first time in fourteen
years.- Mail arrived from the city this
afternoon for the first time since Wed
nesday night. The 'Mendocino road is
impassable, also the roads to Lake and
Humboldt counties. All telegraph'and
telephone lines were swept away by the
storm. The branch line of the C. N.
Railway from this city to WHlits: has
been kRpt ( open. Slides on trie stage
road are plentiful, and in some places
the road has been washed out entirely.
layed Several Days.
Wires Are Down and- Malls Are De-
SAN DIEGO, March 11.— Last
night's rain' was general throughout
the county and brought from two
thirds" of ah inch to ari inch and three
quarters in different parts of the coun
ty. The heaviest fall was between' 1
and 2 o'clock this morning', when in
five minutes .16 of an inch fell. '. The
ground was parched and drank in all
the rain that fell and there are no
streams running even in the moun
tains where they start before they do
in the valleys. The greatest good will
come, to the grain raisers, for though
the grain Is very backward on account
of the dry winter another rain or two
will make hay at least. If the weather
continues warm the effect of the pres
ent rain will be'splendid and'if more
rain comes at the right time, ..the
present -rain will be counted worth
$200,000 to the county.
* — « — ;
MEXDOCIXO IS ISOLATED.
SAN DIEGO IS DRENCHED.
Rainfall Is Heavy, but Parched Earth
• Absorbs the Moisture.
The Union League dinner, which will
take place this evening in the Maple
room of the Palace Hotel, will be large
ly attended. Many of the well-known
Republican leaders of the State have
sent in acceptances. R. N. Bulla,
Thomas Hughes and J. W. McKinley of
Los Angeles, F. E. Dunlap of Stockton.
Thomas H. Selvage of Eureka, Judge
Burnett of Santa Rosa, John F. Davis
of Amador, D. E. McKlnlay of Sonoma,
Charles H. Spear, John A. Britton and
Charles E. Snook of Alameda and Lieu
tenant Governor Alden Anderson of
Solano will be present. The list of
speakers embraces the names of George
H. PIppy, president of the League, Gov
ernor George C. Pardee, General C. A.
Woodruff, M. H. de Young, J. O. Hayes,
"W. C. Van Fleet, Marshall Woodworth.
TJ. S. Webb, Judge A. G. Burnett, S.
M. Shortridge, Charles E. Snook, John
A. Britton, Thomas H. Selvage, Ri X.
Bulla and J. W. McKinley.
UNION* LEAGUE DINNER.
out of th« provisions of the law and of this
call. WILLIAM M. CUTTER.
Chairman Republican State Central Com
mittee.
CHARLES E. SNOOK. Secretary Republican
State Central Committee.
. WILLOWS, March 11. — The storm
Aere has wrought havoc generally. To
day the news w?s received from
Princeton, eighteen miles southeast of
here, that the levee on the extensive
Bofejrs ranch farmed- by -Snowden
Bros, had broken and the water from
th,e Hvej was potrrlilg- Into the fields.
lien from all over that country were
gathered and are working hard to
liop the break. ' ' '
•—At Butte C!ty, farther up the river,
the water is at the top of the levee
acd ris;ng iast. The people are mo
mentarily expecting -a« ilood. Miles
tiorth of Butte City at the Harman
pltice a break of thirty feet in the
|cvee is lettihg the water out in the
fields. Great damage is reported. At
Jacinto the river has overflowed its
tai.k* m:d is two feet deep in the
tiuvn. Boats are a necessity. Tele
phone, telegraph end electric light
uires are dowtu This town has been
¦without elet-tric lights for three days
and no troin has "arrived from San
Francisco or . south of here since
Wednesday. ,.''"-
COLUSA. "arch 11. — The heavy
storm of Wednesday night lias caused
the river to rise rapidly and at this
place the gauge registers 27 feet 2
inches, lacking only 7H inches of be
ing up to the highest point rated dur
ing the high water of February. The
entire east side is again under water
from two to fifteen feet deep and
many of the lowland farmers are
again feeding their stock on the levees.
A break occurred to-day on the Da
vis Bros.' ranch on the west side about
fourteen miles above Colusa and it is
now about twenty feet wide. The
levee workers have hopes of closing
the breach by noon Saturday. If
they should fall the probabilities are
that thousands of acres of grain land
In southern Colusa and Yolo counties
will be flooded, the loss of which
would reach several hundred thou
sand dollars. This is the first break
that has occurred on the west side of
the river, but the waters have been
up bo long that the levees are becom
ing thoroughly soaked and other
breaks are feared. The levees will be
patched to-night by several hundred
men between Princeton and Grimes, a
distance of forty mile*.
WATERS MENACE TUG RANCH.
Rivers Are Rising and Levees Show-
Signs of Weakness.
COLUSA CHOPS IN DANGER.
SAN JOSE, March 11.— With the rain
that has been falling in the. Santa Clara
Valley for the last few days there is
little doubt that the coming year
will be a banner one. The rainfall for
the present storm, according .to the
Bank of San Jose rain gauge, was. 3.16
inches. For the twenty-four hours end
ing at 9 o'clock this morning .63 of an
inch had fallen. This gives a total of
11.14 inches for the season, against 12.75
inches for last year to the same date.
The indications are that the storm is
not over yet and that more rain may
be expected. A late spring is always
better for Santa Clara County, and
these late rains insure an immense
crop. It has also put the orchards in
fine condition. The grain that has been
sown is growing fast and the cattle
ranges in the foothills are assured of
all the feed that will be wanted. The
seed farms are also greatly benefited.
Rains Practically Insure a Great Crop
for thef Valley.
S'ANTA CLARA REJOICES.
BALLARD. March 11.— After several
days* gale from the north the wind
switched suddenly around to the south
east, and at 9:30 p. m. the rain began
and has fallen steadily all day up to I
o'clock this evening. Two inches has
fallen, making five Inches for the sea
son. It is still raining, and from every
indication will continue all night.
Two Inches at Ballard.
NEVADA, March 11.— Driver Joe
Downey of the Downieville stage line
and three passengers had a narrow
escape from drowning In Rush Creek
yesterday: The bridge was gone and
the party decided to ford the creek,
which was about twenty-five feet wide.
The. water ran in the bottom of the
stage, but they would have crossed
safely had not the off lead horse fallen.
This caused one of the wheelers to fall
under the tongue, leaving the stage
with its passengers in the middle of
the stream. " Driver Downey cut the
pole with an ax, releasing the horses,
but the two wheelers were carried down
into the Yuba River and drowned, while
the leaders ran off up the road. The
curtains were down, leaving the pas
sengers penned in. They managed to
cut the curtain and got out .through
the back, alightVng in the stream. A
rope was attached to the stage and two
passengers. Malcom Morrison and- Dan
McKenzie of Forest City, waded to the
shore. . James K. O'Brien of Smarts
vllle lost his footing and was being car
ried away, when Morrison grabbed him
by the trousers. The passengers had
just left the stage when It was car
ried away, rolling over perhaps thirty
times, finally landing against a tree
just before reaching the ,rlver.>,..The
vehicle was fastened and will be taken
out when the water. recedes. Downey
caught, an expresa box and one mail
sack, but, most of. "the mail and. bag
gage were lost. '
Horses Drowned arid Passengers "Hare
Narrow Escape' in Nevada County.
ACCIDENT TO A STAGE.
Business failures in the United States
for the week ending with March 10
number 200. against 195 last week and
176 in th.e like week in 1903.
In Canada failures for the week num
ber 27, as against 19 last week and 20
in the like week a year ago.
Wheat, including flour, exports for
the week ending March 10 aggregate
1.634,632 bushels, against l,643,0S6 bush
els last week, and 3.366,796 bushels this
¦week last year. From July 1. 1903. to
date they aggregate 110,307,235 bushels,
against 166,042.932 bushels last season.
The iron trade also shows a gain in
activity and in prices of crude mate
rial. Transportation matters show im
provement, and with them supplies of
coke to furnaces and shipments of
poods to consumers. Drawbacks to the
general spring trade outlook are found
in the slowness of Eastern buyers to
take hold of spring goods and in se
rious floods. Pacific Coast . trade re
ports show a slight improvement. The
progress of the season has apparently
helped the iron and steel markets.
Wool is 6teady on a hand to mouth
demand by manufacturers, but stocks
are not very large.
Weather conditions have improved
and with them the jobbing trade at
leading Western points. Southern
epring trade reports continue good and
recent rain or snow In the Soutfiwest
has brightened wheat reports from jthat
eection.
Failures this week numbered 259 in
the United States, against 239 last year,
and 25 in Canada, compared with 22 a
year ago.
NEW YORK. March 11.— Bradstreet's
to-morrow will say:
There is much encouragement in the
pig iron statistics just issued by the
Iron Age.
Domestic hides are steadier, no more
sales of January salting being reported
at bottom prices, and some new hides
advanced slightly, while good dry hides
continue strong.
NEW YORK, March 11— H. G. Dun
& Co.'s weekly review uf trade to-mor
row will say:
More reasonable weather has caused
Increased activity in business, normal
conditions existing fcr the first time
this year at many points, and there
Is evidence of an effort to recover lost
ground ar.d prepare for a large spring
trade. Collections are also improving
and structural operations revive with
ihe higher temperature, stimulating the
markets for building material and in
creasing: real estate transfers. Traffic
congestion is still bad at some points,
but on the whole the situation has im
proved end railroad earnings for Feb
ruary were oniy 7 per cent less than
Jast year.
Captain Hansen was in command of
the vessel and the crew was a regula
tion coast crew of mixed nationalities.
The Oakland, another schooner in the
harbor, also dragged her anchors badly
during the storm in the early hours
of the morning and was narrowly saved
from a fate similar to that of the Mabel
Gray.
The vessel is lying about 200 yards
off shore and is in what is considered
a favorable position. The sea is still
running high, but It Is believed that if
the schooner maintains her present po
sition that a portion of the cargo may
be taken off and possibly the vessel
saved from total wreck.
The Mabel Gray arrived off the har
bor yesterday afternoon and dropped
her anchor to wait for a place at the
dock. A high sea was running all aft
ernoon and about midnight last night
the long ground swell caused her to
drag- her anchor hold and despite the
efforts of the crew to get another an
chor' hold the vessel went ashore at a
point about 200 yards from the wharf.
When the vessel struck a part of tha
cargo went overboard. The men clam
bered Into the! rigging and their shouts
for help soon attracted the attention
of people on the beach. No life-savins
apparatus was at hand, but a bonfire
was built and several ineffectual ef
forts made to get a line to the ship by
means of a launch. The effort was
finally successful and the seven men of
the crew came over it safely tp the
shore.
LOS 'ANGELES. March 11.— The
three-masted schocmer Mabel Gray,
owned by Dolbeer & Carson of San
Francisco, with a cargo of 270.000 feet
of lumber, consigned to the Ganahl
Lumber- Company of this city, went
ashore at Port Kedondo shortly after
2 o'clock this morning. The crew of
seven men, compelled to take to the
rigging when the ahlp went ashore,
were rescued two hours later. A ter
rific sea was running and it was only
by dint of desperate efforts that a line
was got to the ship and the men
brought ashore. A report from Re
dondo says that the captain of the ves
sel remained aboard until the last of
the crew had gone safely over the line
to the beach.
NAPA, March , 11.— From daylight
yesterday until 10 o'clock this morning
Napa was practically cut off from
communication with the outside world.
All the telephone and -telegraph wires
were down above and below town. Yes
terday morning's train was an hour
late in getting to Soscol, six miles be
low here, and then was stopped by
four feet of water running over the
ties. Napa River was within a few
Inches of the highest it ever has been.
An accident to the Bay Counties Power
Line somewhere in the Sacramento
valley shut off all light and power and
in consequence the California Glove
factory, the Evans shoe factory and
the Standard Cement "Works at Napa
Junction had to shut down. East
Napa was flooded. With the exception
of trees blown j down about town and
a steel chimney broken in two at the
woolen mill, no serious damage was
done.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Terrific Sea Is Sunning at
Time of Disaster and Crew
Is Saved After Hard Fight
Power System Is Disabled
and Many Factories Are
Compelled to Shut Down
Ninth Assembly District— Nevada County. 10/
• Tenth Assembly District — Placer County. 9;
El Dorado County, 6. '- , -.
M Eleventh Assembly District — Amador County,
7: Calaveras County. 0: Alpine County. 1; Mono
County. 1. ,
' • Twelfth Assembly District-:— Glenn County, 3;
Colusa County, 3: Lake County. 3.
Thirteenth Assembly District— AH that por
tion 'of Sonoma .County comprising said dis
trict,11. • ¦ '¦• ' ¦ .
. Fourteenth Assembly District — All that por
tion of Scnoma County - comprising said dis
trict. 9. - -• -
Fifteenth Assembly District — Napa County,
io. - ¦ .-.-¦• , .
. Sixteenth Assembly District — Tolo County. 7.
Seventeenth Assembly District — All that por
tion of the city. of Sacramento comprising eald
district i in which the primary law " Is manda •
tory. - 7.' . . ' ¦¦-¦-. ¦ ... '
Eighteenth Assembly District — All that cor-
Third Assembly District— All that portion of
Humboldt County comprising said district. 10.
Fourth Assembly District— Shasta County,
0; Modoc County. 2; Lassen County, 3. ' •
Fifth Assembly District — Teharna County. 8:
Plumap County. 3; Sierra" County. 4.' -
Sixth Assembly District — Mendocino County,
11.
Seventh Assembly District — Butte County, 11.
Eighth Assembly District— Tuba County, 6;
Butter County, 4.
That the apportionment of delegates to each
Assembly District* or, where more than one
county Is embraced In an Assembly District,
then. to each of said counties Is as follow?:
First Assembly District— Del Norte County,
2; Siskiyou County. 8; Trinity County. 3. '
'Second Assembly District — All that portio.i
of Humboldt County comprising said dis
trict, 7. • ......
DELEGATES APPORTIONED.
I* compliance with the call of the National
Republican Committee, the R fP ub " ca °^'^
Central Committee of California, the jnem
ing body of the Republican party of CaUfornla.
a political organization which at the last gen
eral election polled more than 3 per cent of
the total vote' In said State, and in each poUtl.
cal subdlviBlon thereof. In meeting assembled
on this 12th day of March. 1WW. at the city
and county of San FranaUco. State aforesaid,
hereby adopts the following call for a Repub
lican State convention to elect four delegates
and four alternate delegates to the Republican
National. Convention to be. held at Chicago on
the 21st day of June. 10M. for the selection of
a Republican State Central Committee and .tor
the transaction of such other business as may
come before said State convention. . _
at 2 p m., and shall consist of 733 delegates.
That the delegates chosen as hereinafter pro
vided shall constitute the -State contention,
which convention shall have «cju«lve power to
pass upon the election and qualincatlons of Its
m Tnat rS all of said delegates shall be elected
at a primary election, at which primary all
Republicans shall have an opportunity to vote,
to be held In each Assembly district, or, where
more than one county Is embraced in an As
sembly district, then In each of said counties.
on Tuesday, the 3rd of May. 1004, or. where
sections 1357 to 1375, both Inclusive, of the
Political Code of the State of California are
not obligatory and mandatory, may be appoint
ed or elected In such manner as shall be de
termined by the respective County Committees.
' CONDUCT OF ELECTION.
That said primary election shall be con
ducted In all respects In accordance with the
provisions of sections 1357 to 1375, both In
clusive, of the Political Code of the State of
California, In all Assembly districts and parts
of Assembly districts . wherein the provisions
of said sections are obligatory and.- manda
tory, viz: In the Assembly districts or parts
of Assembly districts, as the case may be.
embraced by the city and county of San Fran
cisco, the city of Los Angeles, the city of
Oakland, the city of Sacramento, the city of
San Pieeo, the city of Stockton, the city of
Alameda, the town of Berkeley, the city of
Freimo, the city of Passadena, th« city of
Vallejo and the county of Santa Clara.
That as to Assembly districts, parts of As
sembly districts' and counties composing an
Assembly district wherein the provisions of
said sections are' not obligatory and manda
tory, said primary election, where held, shall
be conducted, aa far as practicable. In conso
nance therewith, and the respective County
Committees shall before the 16th day of April.
1!KH. issue a call for such primary, to b« held
not later than May 3, 1904. and sire fall pub
licity thereto, naming- therein the election
officers, the polling place, for each legal elec
tion precinct, the hours during which the same
will be kept open for. voting, and the number
of delegates to be voted for at. each.
• That the test to be required of every person
seeking: to vote a RcDubllcan ballot at said
primary shall be as' follows: a bona (lde
present intention of supporting the nominees
of the Republican party at the next ensuing
election. /
That the ballots used at said primary may
be either printed or written. \
• That the apportionment of delegates -to said
State Convention shall be: One delegate for
each 200-votfs cast for Hon. Oeorse C. Par
dee. Republican nominee for , Governor. In tiie
Assembly District, or county where more than
one Is embraced In the Assembly District, at
the general election held In November, 1902,
and one delegate for a majority fraction there
of: provided that any county casting less than
such majority fraction for said nominee shall
be entitled to one delegate. -.
CALL FOR CONVENTION.
The call as published herewith was
considered line by line. The provisions
of the primary election law were fully
recognized and the recommendations
of the National Committee in respect
to Congressional district delegates ac
cepted. The. executive committee did
not make any recommendation as to
the meeting place of the- State con
vention. It is the general impression
that the State committee t6-day will
designate Sacramento. San Francisco
will have only 121 delegates in the
convention. This light representation
is due to .the fact, that many Repub
lican voters failed to support the
nominee of the party for Governor in
the last State campaign. Districts
south of Market street, which cast an
overwhelming vote for the Democratic
nominee, will have but very little
strength in the forthcoming conven
tion. The counties that upheld the
Republican standard will dominate
the convention.
Following is the text of the call
which the executive committee recom
mends:
Last night at the Union League
Club 'the executive committee of the
Republican State Central Committee
framed a call, for: a. State . convention
to select four ¦ delegates at large to
the Republican National / Convention
to be held "in Chicago June 21, % 190*.
Th& apportionment of representation
is on the basis of j the \vote cast for
Governor Pardee at- the last State
election. The whole number of dele
gates to the State; convention will be
733. The call agreed upon by the
executive body will doubtless be ap
proved by " the ' general committee,
which will meet" at 2 pT mi. to-day in
Golden Gate Hall, gutter street, near
Taylor. ' • . ,
In the absence of W. M. Cutter,
chairman, who 4s storm-bound some
where in the • Sacra,mento Valley, the
first vice chairman", •" J.O. Hayes of
Santa Clara, presided at the meeting
of the executive^ committee last even
ing. Other members attending were
Harold T. Power, ' Placer; Thomas
FJint Jr., San Benito; John F. Davis,
Amador; John Bermingham Jr., Con
tra Costa; Charles .H. Spear and
Charles E. Snook,' secretary, Alameda;
R. N. Bulla, Los Angeles, and A. E.
Castle, Frank A; Schmitz, J. K. Wil
son and Jacob Steppacher, assistant
secretary, San ' Francisco. Thomas
Flint Jr. held proxies of William M.
Cutter of Tuba. E. F.-,Mitchell of
Fresno and Alexander M. Duncan of
Mendocino. Charles H. Spear ; held
the proxy of Bradner W. Lee of Los
Angeles. The proxy of .James A. Brit
ton was held by Charles E. Snook. R.
N. Bulla held the proxy of George P.
Adams of Los Angeles.
LAW IS RECOGNIZED.
Traffic Congestion Is Still
Bad at Some Points, but
the Situation Is Brighter
COLLECTIONS IMPROVE
j House.
J The demand of the minority for a
j sweeping investigation of every branch
J of the Postoffice Department was not
! granted. The testimony or. this question
j came on a vote which resulted 144 to
! 125, a strict party vote.
| A resolution for an Investigation of
| the connection of the members of the
j department offered by Representative
; McCall of Massachusetts was ' then
i agreed to, only two members opposing
lit.
When the House, convened Gillett of
Massachusetts presented a privileged
report. -
Hay of Virginia promptly objected to
its consideration.
The Speaker in ruling on the point
said the Hay resolution was a matter
; of the highest privilege, and he recog
nized Overstreet of Indiana, who de
sired unanimous consent for an order
I giving members ten days' leave to ex
tend their remarks.
COOPER ENTERS OBJECTION.
N Cooper of Wisconsin entered an em
i phatic "I object."
! Overstreet then submitted two prop
! < Pitions. first that the discussion ex
j tend* until Monday at 4 o'clock, and
i the second that it extend until 4 o'clock
to-morrow.
Both propositions were objected to
by Hay. He then renewed his motion
' for leave to print, which brought Wil
liams of Mississippi quickly to his feet
with the declaration that whatever is
i said on this subject should be said in
i the open House, and he therefore ob
i Jected. He was greeted with applause.
• Cowherd of Missouri was recognized
' and defended the action of the commlt
! tee presenting the report. There was
J no occasion, he said, to refer the mat
ter to the committee. The report of
General Bristow had gone out with the
' approval of the President.
! "I say now," he vigorously declared,
I "that if we must answer whether the
! charge is true ' that Beavers usually
! complied with the requests of members
I of Congress, regardless of the merits
¦ of the case, the answer is that the
charge is true."
William Alden Smith of Michigan
Jumped up and, holding up a copy. of
the report, called attention to the fact
that . one of the exhibits showed the
! words "White House" on it. He had,
i he said, examined the original papers
and the words "White House" were not
on them.
"I would like to know." he asked,
"who had the audacity to write the
words 'White House' on that report?"
COWHERD MAKES ANSWER.
"The Committee on Postoffices and
i Postroads never added a word," an
\ swered Cowherd, smarting und<# the
j Imputation.
"Somebody did," said Smith, with
j equal warmth'.
"Well, it was done in the depart
ment, then," Cowherd replied amid ap
plause.
! Cowherd then entered upon a vigor
ous and emphatic answer to the charges
I and epithets which members had hurled
I at the department. Continuing, he in
quired:
"Are you going to say to the coun
try that the department that lies about
you tells the truth' about its own ac
tions? Do you intend to go before your
constituency and the good people of
the United States and say that this
great department which has published
this report, 'conceived in sin and born
in iniquity,' is the purest and best and
most capable to examine into its own
iniquities?" (Loud applause.)
He was, he said, a partisan and a
party man, but he "put the honesty
and honorable management of a great
department of the Government above
the demands of any party "that ever
lived."
ATTACKS THE POSTOFFICE.
Crumpacker of Indiana put himself
on record in favor of a committee of
members, of both sides of the House
to investigate "the Indictments" made
against members.
"The Postoffice Department," Burle
son said, "reeks with rottenness and is
steeped with corruption,"-
Public opinion, he vigorously assert
| ed, after the postal disclosures, de
! manded further investigation.
j "It would not down," ( he said, "though
the gcri!eman at the other end of the
I avenue (referring to the President) had
I complimented this man upon the ¦puri
: fication that had taken place." ¦':
i This demand for an investigation, he
j declared, finally found expression in
the resolution of Hay.
"That is what struck terror to- the
gentleman who presides over the Post7
! office Department," he added, "and who
I is responsible for the document?*
"Are you going -to be intimidated?"
he added. "Every honest man named
I in the report owes it to himself to de
j mand an investigation."
I Clayton of Alabama was unsparing
in his criticism of the Postmaster Gen
eral,, to whom he referred as "that dis
tinguished imbecile who happens to be
Postmaster General of the United
States." ¦ . ,
REPORT IS DENOUNCED.
Calderhead of Kansas said the Presi
dent and the Postmaster General' had
charged him with making a corrupt
contract with Beavers. ''They shall not
<lo It," he said, "without my protest
here or anywhere." He could not, he
said, approve of a report which mixed
the names of honorable men with those
of criminals.
Burket of Nebraska denounced -the
suggestion that he had unlawfully ob
tained increases for postoffices.' He
charged thet "somebody had bundled
up u me 6k of stuff in a haphazard
way" and the committee "has sprung
it as a bomb with a fuse to i*-*' ¦
j are concerned, a spacial committee, of
i seven members to be appointed by the
j Speaker, who likewise are to examine
j into the origin of the Bristow report so
: far as it concerns members of the
" WASHINGTON, March 11. — The
\ House of Representatives indulged to
!day in nearly seven hours of explana
• tion. accusation and denunciation and
j then ordered, with only two negative
| vote?, an investigation of postal af
i fairs, so far as members 5f the House
Cooper declared he did not refer to
the Bristow report in his remarks. He
then further lauded Bristow., and said
he had worn himself out in the cause
of pure government and had received
as his reward vilification and abuse.
McCall demanded the previous ques
tion and his resolution was carried.
256 to 2, Lind (D.) of Minnesota and
Glllespie (D.) of Texas voting in the
negative.
The vote had the effect of sending
the Hay resolution to the select com
mittee named in the McCall resolu
tion, but does not provide for an in
vestigation of the Postoffice Depart
ment. .
.Ware of Mississippi offered a reso
lution for the appointment of a com
mittee of five House members to in
vestigate the Postofflce Department.
Payne demanded the regular order
and made an objection, which was
carried. . '
Adjourned.
The challenge was answered by
Cooper's colleague from Wisconsin,
Jenkins, who called attention to a
statement made on Wednesday that
the names of members had been as
sociated with that of "W. A. Machen,
a convicted felon on his way to the
penitentiary." Then shaking his
finger at Cooper, Jenkins said, amid
cheers: "You are the gentleman who
made the statement." * .
This matter has degenerated, as I
knew it would, into a covert attack on
the President of the United State's"
, This remark was met with derisive
laughter and hisses on the Democratic
side. Cooper defended Bristow and
said he never had attacked the House
of Representatives or any of its mem
bers. "Let any member rise and
prove to the contrary," he insisted.
CHALLENGE IS ANSWERED.
Cooper (R.) of Wisconsin vigor
ously assailed Calderhead of Kansas
for his remarks against Bristow and
insinuations against the r President
Cooper added:
Speaker Cannon then laid before the
House the committee recommendation
that the Hay resolution lay on the
table. By a viva voce vote the House
refused to table the resolution '
In passing on the question Speaker
Cannon said that the question before
the House "is a matter of such high
privilege, touching the dignity of the
House, of the integrity of members in
their representative capacity, that it
displaces all other business." He sus
tained the point of order against the
resolution. Griggs of Georgia appealed
from the decision of the chair. The ap
peal was laid on the table by a strict
party vote.
APPEAL LAID OX TABLE.
The entire membership of the House
wildly cheered. Speaker Cannon mean
time was vigorously rapping for order.
When cuiet was restored Smith said
there was not a bureau of the Govern
ment that showed proper respect for
the direct representatives of the people.
Smith's time had expired, whereupon
Clayton ot Alabama, amid shouts of
approval, moved that Smith be given
thirty minutes to conclude.
"I object," shouted Overstreet in the
midst of the uproar. Overstreet then
asked for a continuation of the debate
for three days. Overstreet. failed to se
cure an extenson of the debate.
McCall of Massachusetts argued that
the state of the public mind With re
spect to the Postoffice Department was
such that when a whisper was mado
by any one in connection with postal
affairs that whisper reverberated from
one end of the country to the other.
He opposed a general investigation at
this time.
The recommendation of the commit
tee to lay the Hay resolution? on the
table was read. Moon proposed a sub
stitute providing for the investigation
of the entire Postofflce Department by
a committee of five House members.
Against this Overstreet raised a point
of order. Williams said that an in
vestigation of the- Postoffice Depart
ment apparently was not desired, "be
cause it has been thought best for the
Republican party."
Addressing the Republican side, he
said: "The country knows, the world
knows and you know that you have
the power and the right, upon an ap
peal from the decision of the chair, to
make it in order. Are you going to do
it or not?"
Swanson of Virginia insisted that
every member of the House, whether
he was mentioned in the report or not,
owed it to' himself to insist on the full
est investigation of .the Postoffice De
partment.
William Alden Smith of Michigan
said: "I denounce this report as a vol
untary and gratuitous insult by a great
executive department of this GoVern
ment." It had gone out of its way to
keep facts back which should have been
given. He then threw the House into
wild excitement. Men of the highest
character, he declared, had been as
sailed by the report, among them the
Speaker of the House. "I hope,'' he
said, his words being almost drowned
by the cheering and handclapping with
which his remarks were received on
both sides of the House and in the gal
leries, "that the day is not far distant
when with the general consent of the
American people the Speaker will bo
lifted into the executive office." .
SfEMBERS WILDLY CHEER.
That the chairman and secretary of the State
Central Committee shall have the authority to
make any clerical corrections or supply any
clerical omissions which may be found to occur
In this call, as thla day adopted, and also to
take all steps necessary to Insure the carrying
That notices of contest must be filed with
the secretary of the State Centra] Committee
on or before the 16th day of May. 19O4.
That the temporary roll of delegates to the
State convention shall be made up- by the
chairman and secretary of the. State Central
Committee.
That in accordance with the call of the Re
publican National Committee .each Congres
sional District Committee ia rsquested to Issue
a call for a Congressional District Convention
for the purpose of electing two Congressional
district delegates and two alternates therefrom
to the Republican National Convention.
That In case any Congressional District Com
mittee shall fall to issue such call and file the
necessary petition In accordance with law, the
delegates to the State convention from such
Congressional district shall during the session
of said convention meet and elect the delegates
and alternates from such Congressional dis
trict to the National Convention.
That If any delegate to 'said State or Con
gressional convection shall die before or from
any cause be unable to attend said convention,
the other delegates from the same territory, or.
If there be none remaining therefrom, the
other delegates from the -same Assembly dis
trict shall have power to determine bx a ma
jority vote which of said delegates shall cast
the vote of such deceased or absent delegate.
That duplicate lists of delegates chosen
where the . provisions of the primary election
law are not mandatory shall be certified by the
chairman and secretaries of the several county
committees to the secretary of the Republican
State Central Committee on or before the 12th
day of May. 1904. and where the provision*
of the primary election law are mandatory the
lists | of delegates elected shall be certified in
the manner provided by law.
Seventy-first Assembly . District — All that
portion of the city of Los Angeles lying within
said district In which the primary law Is man
datory, 8.
Soventy-second Assembly District — All that
portion of the city of Los Angeles lying within
said district in which the primary law Is man
datory, 8. .
Seventy-third Assembly District— All that
portion of the city of Los- Angeles lying within
said district in which the primary law is man
datory 9. -
Seventy- fourth Assembly District — AH that
portion of the city of Los Angelea lying within
said district In which the primary law is man
datory 6; all that portion of Los Angeles
County lying within said district outside the
city of Los Angeles. 6.
Seventy- fifth Assembly District — All that
portion of the city of Los Angeles lying within
said district In which the primary law U man-
Seventy -sixth Assembly District— San Ber
nardino County. 10. V
Seventy-seventh Assembly District — Orange
eighth Assembly District— Riverside
Seventy-ninth Assembly District — The city
of San Diego. In which the primary law Is
mandatory.' 8. ( •
Eightieth Assembly District — All . of . San
Diego County outside the cit* of. San Diego, 8.
DISTRICTS INSTRUCTED. .
Sixty-second Assembly District— Kings Coun
ty. 5. • *
Sixty-third Assembly District — San Luis
Oblspo County, 8.
Sixty-fourth Assembly District— Santa Bar
bara County, 11.
Sixty-fifth Assembly District— Ventura Coun
ty, 9.
Sixty-sixth Assembly District — Kern Coun
ty, 8. •
Sixty-seventh Assembly District — The city of
Pasadena. Los Angeles County, in which the
primary law is mandatory, 6: all that portion
of said Assembly district outside the city of
Paeadena, 4.
Sixty-eighth Assembly District— AH that por
tion of Los Angeles County lying within said
district 10.
Sixty-ninth Assembly District — All that por
tion of the city of Los Angeles lying within
paid dl3tr«ct In which the primary law is man
datory,- 3: all that portion of the County of
Los Angeles lying within said district outside
the city of Los Angeles, 8.
Seventieth Assembly District — All that por
tion of the city of Los Angeles lying within
said d!strift in which the primary law Is
mandatory, 4: all that portion of the County ©t
Los Angeles lying within said district outside
the city of Lcs Angeles. 6.
FIGURES FOR SOUTHLAND.
Fifty- sixth Assembly District— All that por
tion of Santa Clara County lying within said
district In which the primary law Is manda
tory, 10.
Fifty-seventh Assembly District — All that
portion of Santa Clara County lying within
said district in which the primary law is man
datory, 10.
Fifty-eighth Assembly District— San Benito
County, 3.
Fifty-ninth Assembly District— Monterey
County, 10.
Sixtieth Assembly District — All that portion
of the city of Fresno lying within said dis
trict in which the primary law is mandatory.
3; all that portion of Fresno County lying with
in aaid district outside of the city of Fresno, 7.
Sixty-first Assembly District— All that por
tion of the city of Fresno lying within said dis
trict in which the primary law Is mandatory.
4; all that portion of Fresno County lying
within said district outside of the city of
Fresno, S.
Fifty-second Assembly District — The- town of
Berkeley and all that portion of the city of
Oakland lying within said district in both of
which the primary law Is mandatory. 2; all
that portion of Alameda County lying within
Bald Assembly district outside the city of Oak
land and the town of Berkeley in which the
primary law Is mandatory, 0; all that portion
of Alameda County lying within said Assem
bly district outside the city of Oakland and
the town of Berkeley in which the primary law
is not mandatory, — .
Fifty- third Assembly District— Ban Mateo
County, 7.
Fifty-fourth Assembly District— Santa Crux
County, 9.
Fifty-fifth Assembly District — All that por
tion of Santa Clara County lying within said
district in which the primary law ia manda
tory, 10.
Fifty-first Assembly District— All that por
tion of the city of Oakland. Alameda. County,
lying within said district in which the primary
law is mandatory. 6; all that portion of said
Assembly district (Brooklyn Township. Ala
meda County) lying outside the city of Oak
land. 3.
Forty-sixth Assembly IMs-trict — Townships of
Murray. Washington and Eden, county ot Ala-.
meda, 11. . . - •
Forty-seventh Assembly District— Alameda
Township and the city of Alameda. Alameda
County, in which the -primary 'aw Is man
datory. 9. . ¦ • . - ¦ ¦.:—-¦
. Forty-eighth Assembly District— All that
portion of the city of Oakland, Alameda Coun
ty, lying within said . Assembly District In
which the primary law is mandatory. >>¦
Forty-ninth Assembly District — All that por
tion; of th* city of Oakland, Alameda. County,
lying within said Assembly District within
which the primary law is - mandatory. 8: a!I
that portion of the city of Oakland. Alameda
County, lying within said Assembly District
within, which the primary law Is not man
datory, 1.
Fiftieth Assembly District— All that portion
of the city of Oakland. Alameda County, lying
within said district in which the primary law
Is mandatory, 12; all that portion of the city
of Oakland, Alameda County, lying within
eald district In which the primary law is not
mandatory. — .
Twenty-eighth to P"orty-flfth Aasembly dt«
irlr.ts,' city and county 'of Ban Francisco. ' In
which the primary law. is mandatory—Tweuty
elgt.th Assembly District, 5; Twenty-ninth A»
1 sembly, District, 6; Thirtieth Assembly. District.
! 6; Thirty-first Assembly District. '5;* Thirty
second Assembly District. 5; Thirty-third As
stmWy District, 3; Thirty- fourth Assembly
District. 6; Thirty-fifth Assembly District. 8;
Thirty-sfxth .Assembly District.- T: Thirty
seventh 1 Assembly, District,, tt; Thirty-eighth
Assembly } District* 10; 'Thirty-ninth Assembly
District, 5; Fortieth Assembly District. 8:
Forty-first Assembly District. 7: Forty-second
Assembly, DUtrict. 8: Forty-third Assembly
District. 9; Forty-fourth Assembly District, »;
-Forty-flf th Assembly District. «.
ALLOWANCE FOR CITY.
tlon of the city of Sacramento comprising said
district in which the primary law Is manda
tory 8 ¦ - ¦ •
Nineteenth *s»embly District— All that por
tlon of Sacramento County lying outside tne
city of Sacramento,' 7. " ,.„ .
Twentieth Aseembly- District— The city _of
Vallejo 8olano County. In which the primary
law is mandatory. 4; all that portion of So
lano County outside the «lty of VaneJo i» 8^-
Twenty- first Assembly District — Maria
Twenty- second Assembly District— Contra
Costa County, 11. - • ¦ ¦ _^_ ,. ,
Twenty-third Assembly District— The city of
Stockton, San Joaqutn County, in whlcn tnr
primary law la mandatory, 9. -¦ - .
Twenty-fourth Assembly District— All that
portion of San Joaquln County outside the city
of Stockton 8. , • ,
Twenty- fifth Assembly District— Stanislaus
County. 5; Merced County, 4; Maaera
Coun+y 4 • . •
Twenty-sixth Assembly District— Tuolumne
County 6; Maripoca County. 3. - ._ -"¦
Twenty-seventh Assembly District— Tu-*re
County, 8; Inycv County, 2. _ . .. .
WIRES AEE PROSTEATED
MAY BE A TOTAL LOSS
Business at Normal Condi
tion the First Time This
Year and Prospects Good
Schooner Mabel (*ray. Carry
ing Lumber Cargo, Drags
Anchor at Port Kedondo
Napci Is Practically Cut Off
From the Outside World
for a Day by the Floods
j Members of House Roundly, Score Fourth Assistant
Postmaster General Bristcw and f Authorize a
j Committee to Examine Into Origin of His Report
NORTH SUFFERS
BY THE RAINS
FAIR WEATHER
ENLIVENS TRADE
DRIFTS ASHORE
IN THE STORM
REPUBLICANS FRAME A CALL
FOR THEIR STATE CONVENTION
Whole Number of Delegates to Be Chosen Is 733.
Representation Is. Based on the Vote, Cast for
Pardee— Primary Election Law Is Recognized
CONGRESS INDULGES IN BITTER
ACCUSATION AND DENUNCIATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 32, 1904.
'Tax Collector, Smith estimates that
he will need $70,900 to pay salaries in
his office during the next fiscal year
in addition to the $4725 for incidental
expenses.
Tax Collector's Expenses.
AUBURN, March 11.— The present
storm has been a terrific one here,
though . probably doing \ less damage
in the mountains than in the valley.
Snow has fallen within two miles of
Auburn. There was .eight inches this
morning at Colfax. six at Forest Hill
and the fall' at the summit has been
too heavy to measure. The " rainfall
to date has been thirty-two inches and
in average, seasons, the fall is placed
at but thirty-three Inches
Heavy Snowfall In' Mountains.
4
It Staj«D3 Alonb.— The "Favorite Pre-
scription " stands' alone, as the one and
only remedy for these distressingly com-
mon forms of weakness, possessed of such
positively specific enrative properties as to
warrant its makers in proposing 1 , and
binding themselves to forfeit, as we, the
undersigned proprietors of that wonderful
remedy hereby do, to pay the s«m of $500
in legal money of the United States in any
case of the above diseases in which after a
fair and reasonable trial of our treatment,
we feil to cure. No other medicine for
the cure of woman's peculiar ailments is
backed by such a remarkable guarantee -
no other medicine for woman's ills is pos^
sessed of the unparalleled curative prop-
erties that would warrant its manufacturers
in making such an offer ; no other remedy
has such a record of cure* on which 10 base
such a remarkable offer.
Therefore, insist on having Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription and turn yonr back
on any nnocrupnlons dealer who would
insolt your intelligence by attempting to
foist upon you some inferior substitute
under the plea that "it is just as good "
Insist on having the article which has a
record of a third of a century of cure* and
which is backed by those willing to forfeit
$500 if they cannot cure yon.
In cases attended by a lencorrheal drain
a solution of pr. Pierce's Lotion Tablet*
should be used conjointly with the use of
the "Favorite Prescription.- They are sold
by all druggists, or sent postpaid to any
address, on receipt of 25 cents in stanrni
Send 31 cents in stamps for Dr. Piercers
Common Sense Medical Adviser. Address
World's Dispensary, Buffalo NY
Weak and sick, women are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce, br letter, free. All
correspondence is held as strictly private.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce. Buffalo N. Y
Dr. Picrcc's PtUets cure bilionsacaa.*
So uniformly successful has Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription proven in all forms
*f Female Weakness, Prolapsus, or Falling
of Womb, and Lencorrhea, that, after over
a third of a century's experience in curing
the worst cases of these distressing and
debilitating ailments, Dr. Pierce now feels
fully warranted in offering to pay $500 in
cash for any case of these diseases which
he cannot cure.
VMO CAMXOT BE CURED.
$>C)VJU ForWonveH
DR. PIERCE'S REilEDIES.
When Wise 3
People |
are hurt by %
Coffee ' I
They quit in time and use %
POSTUM I
POSTUM CEREAL.-Admiral Makaroff has infused ericrsy into the Port Arthur squadron. A reconnoissance by Russian
torpedo-boats brought on a. sharp fight "with the Japanese mosquito fleet supported by cTnisers. Each side
lost torpedo-boats. The Russian admiral dashed ont with two cruisers to cover the retreat of his tor
pedo squadron, but found himself outnumbered. The .fact that the admiral steamed out to the rescue
with but two small unprotected cruisers may indicate that his heavy ships had not steam up or they were
too badly crippled to move. , _._" • .
Definite news from Seoul, evidently forwarded by steamer to Chefn and cabled from there, indi
cates that the Japanese army is not yet ready for an advance in force. Its ran is at Pingyang strength
ening fortifications and troops are being ; hnrried to that point as they land.
Cossack outposts are sprinkled through Northern Korea observing the Japanese advance. The Mik
ado's forces are evidently establishing" fortilied bases on both sides of the peninsula, accumulating: stores,
building railroads and providing for all contingencies before advancing and offering battle.
A possible movement toward Vladivostok, as well as one in the direction of Wiju, is outlined.
Bennett Burlcigh's dispatch from Chemulpo shows that he continues to expect an Invasion of the.
Liaotung Peninsula or a descent on the Manciiurian coast from the Japanese 'base on the islands of the
Blonde 'and Elliott groups. • , ;. *,
- Commander Sawyer's reported protest against an attempt. to block the port of Xewchwang and thus
imprison his ship (a United States gunboat) was discussed at a Cabinet meeting at Washington. No com
munication from . Commander Sawyer on the subject has reached Washington. The administration would
indorse such a protest if one has been made under the circumstances related.
SUMMARY OF THE CALL'S WAR NEWS
"Port Arthur was invested by sea on
March 10. The Japanese displayed an
especially noteworthy determination in
keeping up the bombardment 'of our
forts from 10 a. m. until 1 p. m. The
town .suffered little damage.
"The enemy's ships in great force
followed three divisions, among which
were distributed nine armored ships.
Each division was accompanied by a
flotilla of torpedo-boats. The Russians
did not fire one-tenth as many sheila
as did the Japanese. There was no
panic or excitement among the civilians
of Port Arthur and s the troops kept
cool."
ST. PETERSBURG, March 12.— A
special dispatch from Port Arthur says':
OitizensAreNot
Very Greatly
Alarmed.
Ships Shower
Shot Upon
the Gitv
SHELLS OF JAPAN'S WARSHIPS RAIN ON PORT ARTHUR
WAR IX THE ORIENT
CAUSE OF DISTRESS
IX CZAR'S .DOMAIN
ODESSA. March 11.— The stoppage of
shipping to the Far East is causing
distress among the dock laborers and
On February 20 Major General Pfiug.
chief of staff of Viceroy Alexieff. tele
graphed from Port Arthur to St.
Petersburg that a number of Cossacks
marching from Wiju had captured a
Japanese major named Tatsura, with
five soldiers and two civilians. Another
dispatch from Port Arthur of the same
date stated that a picket of Cossacks
had captured some Japanese on whom
they found papers and maps. /
TIENTSIN, March 11.— One field bat-
TIENTSIN, March 11.— One officer
and four Japanese soldiers who recent
ly were captured near Wiju, Korea,
were paraded through the streets of
Mukden on Tuesday, March' 8.
The Impression prevails here that the
reason for th« Vladivostok forts not
replying to the Japanese bombardment
of March S was lack of ammunition,
which had been transferred to Port
Arthur since the Japanese attack ap
parently was concentrated there.
TOKIO, March 1L— The Wiju-Seoul
railway concession was signed yester
day by Japanese and Korean authori
ties: The Russians are engaged in
building defenses at Wiju which will
co-operate with fortifications already
constructed on. the left bank of the
Yalu. It is reported that the Russians
have 15,000 tons of coal at Wiju which
they keeD drenched with kerosene, in
readiness to burn should Japanese land
theie.
KEROSENE IS POURED
OX COAL TO BI7RX IT
IF JAPAXESE ATTACK
KUSSIANS MAKCH
PKISOXERS THK0UGH
STREETS OF MUKDEX
500 men are engaged on this work
alone. v > All rails and equipment have
been taken from the existing railways
in Japan and are arriving daily. Pon
toon bridges are used and tunnels are
avoided. These works will be made
permanent on the road and afterward
the' railway will become a .valuable
adjunct for military purposes.
The Russians are concentrating twen
ty-five' miles' north of Anju, also
Kyungsung (Heungseng), on the east
coast, and unless they retire soon the
first big engagement will occur well
this side of the Yalu. The ice in the
Yalu Is rapidly breaking up, which is
important from a military standpoint.
men employed in similar capacities.
Typhus fever has broken out in the
poorer quarters and the price of bread
has doubled owing to the. speculation
of "grain, brokers.
tery has been Installed ' In the fort as
Newchwang and also one company of
infantry, while preparations are being
made to mount siege guns.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
DIED.
GROTE — In - this city. March 10 1904 Frank
C. Grote, dearly beloved son -of Mrs. and
the late Henry F. • Grote, : and beloved
brother; of * Mrs. C. A. Hill. Mrs. V,':rF.
Donnelly and Fred ; J. and the ,. late Sophie
A. Grote. a native ' of San Francisco, ' aged
: - 27 years - and 3 months.; ~ ' . /•¦ ;
. IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully ' invited to attend : the * funeral Sunday,
March 13, at 12:30 o'clock, from 1638 Golden
" { Gate ' avenue. 1 ' thence to ' Holy ; Cross < Church
-• for' services ; at . 1 o'clock..: Interment „ Holy
Cross Cemetery. A requiem high mass will
'• be celebrated at Holy Cross Church on Mon
. dajr. March : 14. - At 9 :30 o'clock.
Ernest Early died last evening at. the
Emergency Hospital, presumably from
poison taken with suicidal intent.
When" taken to the hospital" he was
conscious and stated that he was suf
fering , from the effects . of poisonous
toadstools .which' he had eaten, , mistak
ing them ; for mushrooms.> / A letter ad
dressed to his wife," Grace ' E. * Early of
Norman, Ok., was found \ on , his \per
. son, - however*, ; and in it he Intimated
that he was" going to end his life
Dies From Poison.
: From" Los Angeles— Mrs. Lockhead, at
the : Marlborough, and F. Sidney, at the
Grand Union. C^J
NEW YORK, March 11.— The follow
ing Califorriians are In New York:
From San Francisco— E. C. Bartlett, at
the York; J. H. Hadler, at the Nor
mandie; J. F. Harcourt, at the York;
J. Herrmann, at the St. Denis; L. N.
Ludwig, at the Amsterdam; O. Bremar,
at the Imperial; F. Clelland and wife,
at the Bartholdi; Mrs. J. W. Good, at
the Savoy, and P. W. Ko'rfer, at the
Cadillac. . ':".' i
Califdrnians in New York.
The suit of the Henry Cowell Lime
Company for an injunction restraining
Thomas Mannix, a contractor, from
violating his agreement to purchase
all the lime he used in his ; building
operations from the plaintiff, was ar
gued and^submitted . in. Judge Hunt's
court ; yesterday. During the pro
ceedings numerous affidavits .were
read. Those furnished by the defend
ant [purported to show that the plain
tiff sought to control -the lime busi
ness of .this city by forcing the plas
terers and builders to agree V to buy
only the Cowell company's" lime.
Lime Company's Suit Submitted.
The Scotia is a vessel of 2776 tons reg
ister, 379 feet long, 48 feet beam and 30
feet deep in hold. She was built at
Glasgow in 1862 and is owned by the
Telegraph Construction and Main
tenance Company (limited) of London.
She was last reported as having sailed
from Singapore January 29 for Hono
lulu.
ISLANdNdF GUAM, March ,1L— The
cable ship Scotia is ashore on the Span
ish Rocks. The water Is nearly up to
her decks and she will probably prove
a total wreck. .•'¦•¦
Cableshlp Scotia Is Ashore.
KLshenev Rioters Are Convicted.
KISHENEV. March 11. — The trial
of " prisoners charged with participa
tion in the massacre of Jews here last
April is closed. The court • to-day
gave judgment in the case of Rusneke
and fifty-seven others, of whom eight
een were charged with creating disor
ders. Rusneke and one Bodi Jan
were found guilty of the murder of
a Jewish couple named Forrarjl. Rus
neke was sentenced to four years' im
prisonment and Bodijan to twenty
years.
KIKV. Russia. March 11. — There t* increas
ing dullness In the sugar, trade, and plasters
are diminishing the area to be sown.
TOKIO. March II.— %he depart
ure of Prince Arisuga. Qrho. with the
Princess-, is to represent the Japanese
court at the St. Louis Exposition, has
been postponed. The* Government con
templates Inviting foreign capital to
extend the internal railroads. the
usual appropriation for this work
having been cut off in consequence of
the financial demands resulting from
the war.
War Delays Their Departure.
NEVADA CITY, March 11.— As the
result of an accident which occurred
in a drift off the 500-foot level in the
Champion mine this afternoon David
Hooper, aged 19 years, is dead and Sid
ney Thomas, aged 17 years, is seriously
injured. They were carmen, and late In
the afternoon were sent into the drift
to haul away material which was left
from a blast fired in- the morning.
While at work a hanging wall dropped,
burying both men. Young Hooper's
head was almost severed from the body
and Thomas was badly injured .about
the back. Thomas crawled out of the
drift and gave an alarm by ringing a
bell. The other miners immediately
commenced the work of rescue, and
after removing many tons of rock came
upon the body of Hooper. '
Fatal Accident Occurs in the Cham
pion Mine" at Nevada City.
WALL DHOPS OX MINERS.
% ..., L
teresting scenes" inland about the isl
ands.
Clad in the native costume, Mrs. Mc-
Lennan gave a vivid description of the
native and his ways, his pastimes aiid
his occupations. The lecture was not
only instructive, but very entertaining,
and was. thoroughly appreciated by the
large audience present..
A 'feature, of the evening was the
rendering of a number of native songs
by Miss E. McLennan. These weird
songs are very old, in fact it is said
that they have not changed since Cap
tain Cook first visited the islands. Al
though lacking many of the native ac
companiments, they were appreciated
and heartily encored.
The first of a series of lectures to be
delivered at the South Park Settlement
was given last night by Mrs. K. Mc-
Lennan. Mrs. McLennan spoke very
entertainingly of the South Sea Isl
ands, where she spent considerable
time. The lecture was illustrated with
Aereopticon views showing the home
life of the natives, as well as many in-
Clad in Nntlve Costume She Gives In
teresting Lecture at the South
Park Settlement.
HONOLULU. March 5.— In a suit
brought here by contractors against
two sugar plantation agencies for tha
sum of $26,000 for dredging Pearl Har
bor Captain Rodman, U. S. N., has
given some interesting testimony con
cerning that naval station. Captain
Rodman leaves to-day to Join the
American fleet in Asiatic waters and
his testimony was taken prior to his
departure. His opinion of the harbor
is not very flattering.
The naval expert states that the
channel Is too tortuous for large ves
sels to make an entry unassisted by
tugs. He does not consider that any
vessel of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany or other large trans-Pacific liners
that now come to Honolulu could enter
Pearl Harbor without a great deal of
difficulty and danger, and ho wouid
consider It hazardous for a saiiing ves
sel of more than 500 tons displacement
to enter the harbor. In his opinion it
will take approximately half a "million
dollars to oi>en Pearl Harbor to com
merce.
Naval Expert Says the Channel is Too
Tortuous to Admit Ships of
Heavy Draught.
HOLDS LIGHT OPINION*
OF PEARL HARBOR
James F. Morgan, a real estate man
of Honolulu, and his wife and child
arrived at the Occidental yesterday.
They have come to this city, where the
child will receive medical treatment.
George W. Fletcher, general agent
of/ the Southern Pacific Company, is
sick in his apartments at the St. Nich
olas Hotel, the result of a severe
cold. He will leave for the .springs in
a few days for a rest. .
John M. Gamble, whose paintings
of California's fields of wild flowers
have, attracted considerable attention
during the last year, has been chosen
by the owners of the St. Francis Ho
tel to place before Its visitors a scene
unmatched in other States and typic
ally Calif ornian— a hillside flaming
with rich hued eschscholtzias. with a
glimpse - of the valley below and the
dim purple mountains "beyond. ..This
and one of Keith's matchless works
will be the only paintings hung in the
reception-room for. ladies.
General Manager Julius Kruttschnitt
of the Southern Pacific Company, who
has been in the East for the last three
weeks, returned to this city yesterday.
-Mrs. J. Addison Ingle, wife of an.
Episcopal Bishop, who recently died in
the Orient,* was a passenger on the
steamship , Siberia yesterday and is
staying at the Occidental.
Edward B. Harrigan, who Is connect
ed with the construction work, of the
Lucin cutoff, arrived from Salt Lake
yesterday.
R. B. Burns, chief engineer of the
Santa Fe Company's Western system,
is up from Los Angeles and registered
at the Palace.
j State Printer W. W. Shannon Is
down from Sacramento and registered
at the Lick.
Dr. J. McMullen of Hongkong 'ar
rived on the Siberia yesterday and is
registered at the Palace. .
1 J. O. Hayes. th« well known news
paper proprietor of San Jose, and wife
are registered at the Palace.
Captain Sebree of the United States
navy returned from the Orient yester
day and is at the Occidental.
Mrs. P. H. Cooper, wife of Admiral
Cooper, and her family arrived yester
day from China and are at the Occi
dental.
Assemblyman F. E. Dunlap of
Stockton is at the Lick.
John Rossbaum, paymaster in the
United States navy, is at the Palace.
\ State Superintendent of Public In
struction Thomas J. Kirk is at the
Palace.
PERSONAL.
Rev. G. R. Alden of Palo Alto is at
the Occidental:
Dr. and Mrs. W. S. Taylor of Liver
more are at the Palace.
3IRS. McLEXXAX TELLS
OF SOUTH - SEA ISLANDS
Patents issued: California — Jesse Air
exander, Brooklyn, assignor of one
half to A. Letts, Los Angeles, type
writing machine aligner; George W.
Arper, Oakland, hydro-carbon burner;
Edwin Bartsch, San Francisco, syringe;
Oscar Bernard; one-fourth to A. H;
Manning, San Francisco, machine for
cutting bread; Thomas W. Craven,
Fairfleld, toy air pistol; William M.
English and A. H. Tenbroeck, " San
Francisco, antiseptic attachment for
telephone mouthpieces; Gustave Frey
Sleveri, San Diego, meat press; Lizzie
C. Graessle, San Jose, combined table
and bed; Perry M. Irish, Booneville. as
signor one-fourth to Mrs. x J, E. Reilley,
Christine, drag saw handle; F. W. and
C. A.= Krogh, San Francisco, pump;
Augustus Lotz, assignor to Pacific
Metal Works, San Francisco, wire
solder rolling machine; Frank
A. Marcher, Los Angele.%- lapid-
Ist's facet cutting instrument;
Jose ' E. Mawran, Los Angeles,
portable dusting frame; Hans A. Mil
ler, Selby, domestic boiler; John W.
Park, Berkeley, blast furnace; George
G. Parsons, Madera, necktie band hold
er; Em'il Sutherland, assignor to J. T.
Pollock, Los Angeles,' lawn sprinkler;
Oswald F. Zahn, Los Angeles, fire
proofing and insulating structure.
War Department order: * Recruit
Milan A. Loosley of the general service,
now at Dallas, Tex., is transferred to
the signal corps at Benicia Barracks,
Cal.
Charles Burnell of San Francisco is
appointed to a clerkship in the Treas
ury Department.
. Navy Order: Lieutenant D. M. Wood
is detached from the Supply to go to
the Newark, sailing from San Francisco
March 26, 1904.
WASHINGTON, March 11.— Fourth
class postmasters appointed: Washing
ton—Cralge, Asotin County, C. C. Lath
rop, vice Mrs. Iona Craige, resigned.
Postmaster commissioned: Wash-'
ington— William R. Baker, Colville. •
F. A. Clark of San Francisco is ap
pointed draftsman of the • military
academy j at West Point.
Postal Service and Patents Is
sued to Inventors.
Several Minor Changes Are Made in
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
BERLIN, March 11.— Emperor Will
iam's departure ; to-nir!it for ; a six or
seven weeks' holiday ; with Intervals of
a v day or two to be spent visiting other
monarchs, '. is generally / taken to mean
that the European situation gives him
no concern.
Kaiser TaVes a Vacation.
SALINAS, March 11.— With flags of
the United States and Japan flying,
100 Japanese acted as escort -to the
depot for twenty-ohe, of their country
men who had been .ordered to -report
In Japan for -infantry duty.' Speeches
and cheering were indulged in until the
tr.ain pulled out.
Among the passengers who arrived
here yesterday on the liner Siberia
was Captain H. H. *»aynter, formerly
of the British navy and the officer
vrho took the Japanese cruiser Ka
suga from Genoa to Yokohama. The
Xasuga and the Nishin were built at
Genoa for the Argentine Republic,
but purchased by Japan shortly before
hostilities commenced. Captain Lee,
who commanded the Nishin, will be
here on the next liner. '. on . his . way
back to England. .The "Captain" Hill
mentioned In dispatches from Victo
ria as the Nishin's commander was
second mate of that vessel and. ac
cording 1 to Captain Paynter, a' little
careless about his reminiscences.
The Kasuga and Nishin are twenty-
RESERVE JAPANESE
STAET FE0M SALINAS 0
FOE BATTLE SCENES
CHEFU. March 11. — Disembarkation
of Japanese troops is proceeding at
Chemulpo «and in the ports north of it
with marvelous rapidity. The trans
ports have landed 70,000 men up to date.
The extent and completeness of the
Japanese transport system have highly
impressed the Korean laborers. They
have changed their attitude toward
Japan, A fortnight ago the Japanese
found, difficulty in securing native la
borers. To-day the supply easily equals
the demand at Chemulpo, and the same
condition exists through Korea south
of Pingyang.
In the* last ten days sixteen trans
ports landed 10,000 men at a town the
Japanese callKaisho, on the west coast
of Korea, about twelve hours' sail
northwest of Chemulpo.
Kaisho has a fine natural harbor, ap
proached* by a narrow channel whose
JAPANESE HANDLE
TEANSPOET SYSTEM
WITH DISPATCH
NEW YORK, March 11.— A cable
dispatch to the World from Tientsin
says It is reported here to-day
that the Japanese, have captured
Newchwang. This Is not generally
considered as likely. It is believ
ed, however, that the Japanese
have really landed in Liaotung Penin
sula and cut off Port Arthur "from
communications. It is further as
serted that* a Japanese force is within
twenty-five, miles of Newchwang, from
which town . civilians and officials
otherwise than military have been
hurrying for the last few days in ex
pectation of the. coming attack. •
COMMUNICATIONS OF
PORT AETHUE SAID.
TO HAVE BEEN BROKEN
TOKIO, March 11.— Elaborate regula
tions governing correspondents have
been Issued. Negotiations for field as
signments of correspondents have been
made through their respective lega
tions. The War Office has finally de
termined to send only fifteen with the
first column, eight British, five Amer
ican, one Frenchman and one German;
this being the representation propor
tionate, to the respective numbers of
foreign correspondents here. After the
first party is dispatched two other lota
of seventy each will go. The first fif
teen are assigned to the field head
quarters of the commander in chief of
the entire army. The Americans se
lected are: Air. Davis of the San Fran
cisco Call and New York Herald; Mr.
Denviddie of the New York World; Mr.
Palmer of Collier's Weekly; S. Hart,
photographer for Collier's Weekly, and
Mr. Bass of the Chicago News.
CRUISEB COMMANDERS
FOR THE JAPANESE
ARRIVE ON A LINER
Refugees from Xewchwang, this cor
respondent continues, report that the
Japanese are landing at a small bay on
Liaotung Peninsula.
The Tientsin correspondent of the
Standard reports that influential Chi
nese living in the United States have
telegraphed to the Chinese Foreign
Board urging that the Emperor be
made head of the army and that China
join Japan against Russia. The Chi
nese In question* offer to raise the funds
necessary.
The Russian force on the Talu River
now amounts to 20,000 men. As an ex
ample of the power of the Japanese
"Shimosef" powder a correspondent of
the Standard at Tokio relates that a
Russian sailor who was hurt In the na
val flght off Chemulpo and taken to
Japan has 160 wounds.
Dispatch boats began to run on
Wednesday between Chemulpo and
Chinampo. The correspondent says
also that a torpedo boat destroyer and
a transport are aground off Chemulpo.
The destroyer is slightly damaged and
the transport is wrecked.
Cabling from Yinkow, a correspond
ent of the Mail says the British and
American gunboats at Newchwang
have orders to leave as soon as the Liao
P.iver opens. At Liaoyang there are
now 12,000 troops working night and
day on fortifications. A great fortified
camp is forming south, extending three
miles in every direction.
LONDON. March 12.— A correspond
ent of the Daily Telegraph at Seoul de
scribes the recent Japanese attacks on
Port Arthur es "successful preparatory
bombardments," thereby intimating
that a greater attempt to reduce Port
Arthur is thought imminent.
The official announcement from
Mukden that the Russian army corps
which has arrived at Harbin will be
held because of the landing of Jap
anese troops at different points is re
garded as an unintentional tribute
from Viceroy Alexieff to Japan's suc
cess in mystifying the enemy as to
her movements.
A correspondent at Chefu of the
Mail gives alleged information of the
Japanese landing movements up to
March 8 and says that disembarkation
is proceeding at Chemulpo and points
to the northward with marvelous
rapidity. During the last ten days
sixteen transports have landed 10.000
men at a town the Japanese call
Kalshoe.
FEW CORRESPONDENTS
ARE ALLOWED TO GO TO
FE0NT IN FIEST COEPS
navigation is made dangerous by rocks
and shoals. Four Japanese cruisers and
a number of torpedo-boats guard the
mouth of this channel. The danger
even of free approach to It is proved
by the fact that to the north of the
channel's entrance a torpedorboat de
stroyer and transport are aground. The
destroyer is slightly damaged, but the
transport is a complete wreck, having
been broken in half.
Captain Paynter was formerly in
the British navy. He resigned his
commission, but some time ago was
placed on the reserve list t When the
Admiralty learned of the mission he
had undertaken for Japan his resig
nation from the service was asked
for, a step, Captain Paynter says, that
the British authorities were compelled
to take for political reasons. Captain
Paynter is" a veteran of the Egyptian
war of 18 82. He recently delivered a
state barge to the Sultan of Turkey
and for . this service was tlecorated
with the Order of Medijdeh. Cap
tain • Paynter has a photograph of
himself arriving at Yokohama, which
he expects to sell for a large sum to
the English papers. .
The cruisers were to have coale*d at
Suez, but the presence in the canal
of some Russian war vessels causeu
Captains Paynter and Hill to change
their minds, and Port Said was se
lected as a coaling station. Nothing
more was seen of the Russian squad
ron, which included five destroyers,
the cruiser Aurora and the battleship
Dimitri Donskl. »
The people of Japan gave the cruis
ers an enthusiastic welcome. Officers
and crews were waiting for them at
Yokohama and within a few" hours af
ter the English captains turned them
over their charges were in'' full of
ficial working or4er. • Captains Payn
ter and Lee were' lavishly entertained
and came away laden with gifts. The
Emperor, in addition to making them
handsome presents, decorated them
with the Order of the Rising Sun.
From cities and hamlets throughout
Japan came rare and costly tokens
for the \wo sailormen who had
brought Japan her new cruisers. The
Emperor's gifts included a pair of
gold inlaid silver vases and some
beautiful lacquer ware. Captain Payn
ter's share of the Japanese good will
was such that it took him several
hours after landing from the Siberia
to pilot his impedimenta through the
Custom-house. •
one knot cruisers of about 8000 tons
measurement They are both -well
built and thoroughly equipped. The
Kasuga's battery includes one ten
inch gun, two eight-inch and fourteen
six-inch. The Xishin has four eight-
Inch and fourteen six-inch gruns. Each
carries a -complement of about 400
men.
Bombardments by Japanese Warships Only Prepara
tory to a Slaughtering Assault on Port
Arthur, Declares a Correspondent.
I JAPANESE BATTLESHIP CREW PRACTTCIXG DEFENSE - FROM A TORPEDO BOAT ATTACK.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1004.
Russian Officers Advise the Czar of the Battles
Fought With the Vessels of Japan's Navy in
Waters Off Orient Coasts.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS
1 ]P©i|©us 1*&&@>i:£;i§s H
I! Are a universal remedy for Pains in the Bick (so frequent ffl
§f| in the case of women). They eive instantaneous relief. jgi
HI Wherever there is a* pain apply a Plaster. pj
II DIRECTIONS FOR USE |i|
' 93 For pains in the region of I For Rheumatism or PbIm For Sor* Throat. ConylM. ljg»
Eg the kidneys, or fora Weak la Shoolders, Elbows or Bronchitis, for Weak 1
HA Back, the piaster sho* Id be elsewhere, or for Sprains, Lmaz*iod for p»in!aJi«d I
Shi applied as shown above. Stiff neii, etc.. and for sensitive parts of the abdo- IgS
fey Wberever there is pain Aching: Feet, cut plaster men, apply as indicated. £•* |
afcaj apply Allcock's Plaster. size and shape required and | |
a Rheumatism, Colds, Coughs ||]
II Weak Chest, Weak Back • m
H Lumbago, Sciatica, &c, &c, I
Hfl REMEMBER— A Hcoek's Piasters are th« original and genuine portra |
Kgl plaster and have never been equalled as pain-enrers. Furthermore, they are ; I
¦m absolutely : safe as they do i not . contain belladonna, opium or an j poison |Photographs Taken at Lick Observatory Reveal in Graphic Manner the
Waxing and Waning of Celestial Monster First Seen by Borrelly,
the Great French Astronomer, Through the Giant Lenses at Marseilles
ACCURATELY MARK COMET'S FLIGHT
THROUGH THE BOUNDLESS HEAVENS
which branched off 'from the main tail,
while -others issued directly from the
head. Some of these were of a more
or less persistent nature; and in general
they were narrow aad straight"
Patrick O'Brien Missing.
' OAKLAND. March 10. — Patrick
O'Brien, residing at 535 Kennedy street,
is missing. He left home Tuesday and
his relatives fear that he has wandered
away.
OAKLAND. March 11.— The Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners has or
dered the Chief of Police to arrange
for pistol practice in the department.
It was unofficially 'announced that as
soon as proper facilities have been pro
vided, patrolmen will be required, ta
become proficient In the use of the
pocket i rearm. t
Police Pistol Practice.
OAKLAND, March 1L— O'C. Emery,
the . 15-year-old son of A. R. Emery,
living at 531 Eighteenth ' street, ' ran
away from^ home to-day because he
was reproved for smoking. The bc-y
was given a lecture by his school prin
cipal and his father told him to bring
his books home. Fearing trouble,, he
did not return to-night He is 15 years
of age, about five feet in . height, wore
a blue coat, checked trousers, checked
cap and ' red * tie. He ran away cmce
before and was found at Walnut Creek,
In Contra Costa County.
Runs Away Because Reproved.
BERKELEY, March 11.— The third
attempt was made last night to rob the
house of A. P. Wright at 164S PFince
street. The burglars . cut away a pane
of glass from a kitchen window, but
could not raise the window because it
was stack with varnish. Midnight vis
itors were scared away on two pre
vious nights when the family detected
noises and turned en the lights.
Attempt Burglary Three .Times.
District Attorney Byington received
a dispatch from Assistant Bond 'and
Warrant Clerk Kennedy from Phila
delphia yesterday that all the" Eastern
witnesses, including Miss Bateman,
would leave that city: this morning to
give their testimony at the second trial
of Mrs. "Cordelia Botkin! charged with
the . murder of Mrs. Mary Elizabeth
Dunning by sending her a • box of
poisoned candy to Dover, Del., in Au
gust, 1898. These witnesses will ar
rive here next Wednesday.
Botkin Witnesses Start To- Day.
OAKLAND, March ll.^ThVfoUow
ing marriage licenses were issued ' by
the County Clerk to-day: James A.
Stephens, over 21, San Francisco, and
Maud Oxley, over 18, Berkeley; Madi
son B. Elliott, 35. and Jesrie M. Hobbs.
30, both of San Francisco; Sargent WV
Coleman, over 21, and Mrs. Julia M.
Johnson, over 18, both of Alameda.
Marriage Licenses.
Miss Marlon Ansley was given a party last
evening In ' honor of her twentieth birthday.
After a pleasant - evening spent - in playing
games, refreshments. wer* served. The guests
were Miss Edith * Burnett. MIks Nora Beatty
Miss Julia Fhilipps, Frank Collier. L. I. ; Reed'
Cleland Rohrer. R. A. Whittaker. Mis* Annie
McAvoy. Miss Ruth Seele. W. R. Sayne. W.
Clyde Smith. ¦ Gilbert C Smith, Mlsa Marion
Wendt. the' MI?ses Florence and Marion Ansley
acd Bar gs Ansley. ,
The w«ddlr.e of Miss Marie E. Douglas and
O. " Henry Miller took place Tuesday evening
at the home of the bride's parents. Mr. and
Mr«..W. D. Douglas of 2128 Dwlght way. The
ceremony wa» performed by the Rev. A. M.
Elston. Miss Clara *E. Douglas > was the
bridesmaid and Frederick Barker the best man.
Mr. and Mrs. Miller .will reside in Chlco.
BERKELEY. March 11.— Master Howard
Bpwers was . tendered a party Tuesday after
noon at the home of his' perents, 243S Ashby
avenue, the occasion being his seventh birth
day. The Httle friends of the your.fc man were
entertained with eames for several hours and
th«n' repaled '. with . a luncheon. .The- guests
were the Mlaeec Hazel Day. Eleanor Achlson,
Edith Bowers, Helen Clark. Florence Man
ning-. Carrie, 'Ruth and Francis Campbell.
Beth, Florence and Victoria Bailie. Blanch and
Sue Clark and Ruth Bowers, D'Orville Day,
Homer Wright. Ralph Daly. Eugene Sturgis.
Albert Nelson. Robert Clark. Ernest Camp
bell. Edward Coxhead. Clifford Clark. Harry
Badgett, Kins Gray and Teddy Achlson. . .
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND. March 11. — James arid
Walter Edgar, cousins; George Bates,
Roderick Husband and Thomas Coa
grove, boys arrested as fugitive bur
glars, were started for Salt Lake City
this morning by Sheriff Emery and
'Police Sergeant Roberts of that city.
The officers declare that the boys
have been guilty of numerous bur
glarious operations.
Fugitive Boys Start Home.
OAKLAND. .March 11. — The Ordi
nance and Judiciary Committee of the
City Council has recommended for
passage an ordinance regulating fire
protection in the theaters. The prin
cipal-points In the proposed bill are
as follows:
That the Fire Warden shall examine ail
theater* and make a report to the City Treas
urer, v.-ho will either grant or refusj a Hcena?;
that the theater must front on one street; that
two exits shall be provided for every 230 spec
tators three for every 500 spectators, and an
additional exit for each 250 people in th* the
ater; tbat tiuater* have inclined planes lead-
Ing; from the auditorium to the street instead
of steps; that all stairways must be sur
rounded with fire-proof material; that stair
ways mun be at least four feet wide where
the theater accommodates SO people, and six
Inches more for each additional 50 people: that
all metoerr must be coated with fire proofing
material; that an asbeatcs or other flre-proof
curtain bo put In: that there must be air
shafts leading from the state upward: that
the property-room . shall be surrounded with
fire-proof walls; that two firemen shall attend
each performance. _ ,! ¦
Council Committee Recommends the
Passage of an Ordinance for Bene
fit of Patrons of Playhouses.
Oakland Chapter No. 36, Royal Arch
Masons, has the following degree
meetings this month: March 16, past
and most excellent degrees; March 23.
royal arch degree; March 30, mark* de
gree.
OAKLAND, March 11.— Oakland Con
sistory No. 2 of Scottish Rite Masons
will confer the thirty-second degree In
full form next Wednesday evening on
a large class of candidates from Santa
Rosa and Sacramento. On Monday
evening De Molay Council No. 2,
Kr.ights of Kadosh, will confer the
twenty-seventh degree in full form.
The following officers will take part in
the ceremony: Venerable master," J.
H. Lafferty; Fub-master, H. W.
Adams; orator. F. H. E. O'Donnell;
chaplain, A. L. Smith; master of cere
monies. J. A. Hill; first lieutenant, P.
H. Dubois; second lieutenant. J. Mc-
Cullis; captain of the guard, J. G. Ra
phaeL
Santa Rosa and Sacramento to
Receive the Honor.
I^argP Class of Candidates From
HIGH DEGREES WILL BE
COSFEURKD BY JIASOXS
PROVIDKS THEATERS
WITH FIRE PROTECTION
OAKLAND. March 11. — Rev. G. C.
Morgan will arrive in Oakland to
morrow to begin a series of meetings
at the First Congregational Church.
The first meeting will be held at 4
p. m., and in the evening he will speak
at the First Congregational Church in
San Francisco. He was closely asso
ciated with the late Dr. Moody.
Rcr. G. C. Morgan's Meetings.
The; report further calls .attention
to the immediate necessity of provid
ing the three-story building with fire
escapes and erecting a two-story
building for women.
The. Public Library and Park Com
mittee reported that the library is at
present being, kept In excellent condi
tion, but urges that the walls be re
tinted. The walls at. present are very
dirty and have not been retinted j for
twelve years. An appropriation of
933,000 for a new home for branch
No. 3 Is urged, as the building at pres-^
ent in use. is inadequate, unsanitary
and dangerous. ; .
While we condemn Mr. Kelly's method of
kee;'ir- the books relating to the inmates.
w> find no proof of Intentional wronedolnc
oti his Dart. It would be lmDoralble for us
to ascertain what war done with the fund pre
sented by Mrs. Hearst, as Mr. Kelly kept no
com-ct I account of his disbursements. We
commend very highly ths «y»tem inaugurated
by Mr. Schmitx for keeping tha personal ac
counts of the Inmates, It beinK very comprehen
sive and businesslike. Everything about the
bulldlne v'hs found to be In a neat and orderly
condition. . as- » .' s. -. . .
At the meeting of the Grand Jury
yesterday afternoon a lengthy report
was handed in by Dr. Dalzell, chair
man of the Health Committee, which
has been investigating alleged irreg
ularities and conditions ge orally at
the Almshouse. Regarding the ir
regularities the report says that two
books were presented the committee,
one of. which had been kept by Mr.
Burgess an'd the other by Mr. Ke.lly.
The books did not agree and the com
mittee was unable to ascertain any
thing definite from them. Continuing
the report says:
Arc of the Opinion -That Almshousc
Superintendent Was Guiltless of
Intentional Wrongdoing.
OAKLAND. March 11. — There has
been no change in the fight between
the employing butchers and the
Butchers' Union. All shops are run
ning about as usual, and Business
Manager McGovern of the union de
nies that any members of that organ
ization have renounced their member
ship in order to retain their position?.
Irving Lewis, representing the em
ployers, claims that there have been
many desertions.
Butchers* Fight Still On.
GRAND JURQKS BELIEVE
IN KELLY'S INTEGRITY
ALAMEDA, March 11.— Officers have
been elected by the West End Im
provement Association, as follows:
President, C. R. Smith; first vice pres
ident, N. C. Hawks; second vice presi
dent, George Renner; secretary, H. G.
Mehrtens; sergeant at arms, George
HIckman; treasurer. Thomas Banks.
Improvement Club Officers.
; If -> the senior students of , : tne ' Uni
versity of California have- anything to
say about it there will be no repetition
on Charter day this year of the rush
between the sophomores and freshmen
that took so much of the dignity out
of Charter day last year. Following
the lead set by Professor C. L. Cory,
chairman of the Students' Affairs
Committee, who announced last night
that expulsion from the university
would follow participation, in a rush,
the seniors met to-day and passed the
following resolutions unanimously:
"Resolved, That the men of the
senior class hereby' pledge themselves
to exercise their good offices to pre
vent a rush between the sophomore
and freshmen classes on Charter day."
In order to further safeguard the
traditions of the day and to prevent
their being mauled to death by two
warring classes, the class " men then
commissioned a committee of five
to wait on- the officers of the
Junior class and negotiate for their
co-operation to' keep the factions
apart. This committee is composed of
Philip Carey (chairman). J. W. Geary.
A. A. Ro3enshine, Samuel Stow and
Max Thelen. This committee is also
instructed to mediate between the
leaders of the two lower classes and
endeavor to prevail upon them to
pacify their predilection for fight.
The Charter day rush and the after
math of last year still live in the^em
ory of the students. In spite of warn
ing the "3ophs" and the "freshies" got
together on Charter day night and
proceeded to tic each other up in bun
dles. The result was the dismissal of
.three upper class men who had abet
ted the affair. One of them was sub
sequently reinstated.
In order to avoid any misunder
standing this year as to the nature of
the punishment. to be meted put to any
that participated in a rush, .-prominent
seniors prevailed upon Professor Cory
to make a statement warning students
that they would* be expelled for the of
fense. In the past the Students* Af
fairs Committee has refused to pre
scribe what would be punishable. The
committee merely stated that it ex
pected the students "to act like gentler
men." But this was too indefinite al
together for the seniors, and they re
fused to act with the faculty until a
definite ruling was made. Now the
students know what they may expect
if they rush.
Berkeley Office Francisco Call,
214 8 Center Street, March 11.. ¦
T. C. Lane, the one-armed brakeman
that was arrested a week ago at the
Oakland mole .for threatening Assist
ant Division Superintendent A.- W.
Baker with a pistol, is again in jail,
charged by W. S. Palmer with having
threatened his life. Lane was allowed
to go on th/? first charge placed against
him on the condition that he leave the
city. He went away for a week, but
came back last night, when he was
taken into custody by Railway Detec
tive Mahoriey. His bond was fixed at
J5000.
Lane says that he came back to Oak
land to get his clothes. He had been
at Stockton and had been promised
work and came back intending to go
out d town again this morning. He
asserts he had not been at his home
two hours when he was arrested.
Palmer's charge refers to the same
attack for which Lane was first ar
rested. He was under the influence of
liquor and. said he would shoot every
cne in the office. The railway people
say that Lane got drunk up at Stock
ton and said he was coming back to
Oakland and clean out the office of the
<!ivi.«ion superintendent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
111S Broadway. March 11.
"Alway* considerable in" length, the
tail was directed almost exactly away
from the sun. The main tali widens out
after leaving the head, and on most of
the; plates divides into two distinct
branches. There is a marked contrast
in the appearance of the primary tall
on the negatives taken fn July and
those taken in August. The tail on the
July plates Is smooth and continuous,
while on the August plates It is twisted
and full of condensations. Indicating
greatly increased activity as the comet
approached perihelion.^
"The \ other tall Is short . and -very
much curved, and presents practically
the same appearance on ail the nega
tives. It is bright even. on'the plates of
June. .
"In addition to these two tails occa
sional streamers developed, some of
Borrtlly. the grtnu- French astrono
mer, first discovered the comet on June
21 last while he was taking observa
tions at MarseilkR. The next day it
was "nicked up" by th*» scientists at
the Lick Obs^rvator;- and its move
ments studied until it disappeared on
August n. In the meantime Mr. Al
brecht employeti th* tim<» photograph
ing the visitor, thirty-sue negatives in
all having been exposed.
On each nlate there is a very distinct
im»ge of the comet at various points
of its flight across the ski#s. At first it
shows faintly, but continue* to grow in
brightness until the middle of July,
when it begins to recede and grow
fainter again. In taking the photo
graphs Mr. Albrecht adjusted the cam
era so that it followed exactly the
movement* of the comet. This accounts
for. the white lines running across the
pictures, which are nothing more nor
less than the images of stars that did
not move as rapidly as the comet, and
thns left a trail of light upon the plate.
"The photographs show two distinct
types of tails throughout the observa
tions," Mr. Albrecht says. 'The princU
pal tail is long and straight in 'its' "gen
eral direction, and in a number, of case?
can be trac^ to the very edge of the
plate, amounting ip astronomical meas
urement to ten degrees. It developed
some Interesting forms, changing its
aspect completely from^day to day.
BERKELEY, March 1L—Accompany
ing a bulletin on the recent photo
graphic observations of the creat two
tailed comet of 1S03, which came to the
univerFity to-dar from the- -Lick Ob
servatory. are some interesting .photo
graphs that reveal in a way more
graphic than could any pen description
the waxing and waning of this Heav
enly monster.
The photographs were taken by Se
bastian Albrecht. a graduate student
sit the ITnivers-.ty of California and fel
low at the,- Lick Observatory, who is
studying forv.the doctor's degree. In
making theseThotographs Mr. Albrecht
used the Crocker telescope, the Pierson
camera and the J*loy<J camera. On ac
count of the smaller light ratio of the
Floyd camera the four plates taken
with it were found inadequate for
measurements, and so this instrument
was not used as frequently as the oth
er*.
Agree to Assist in Keeping
.Sophomores and Freshmen
Far Apart on Charter Day;
OAKLAND, March 11.— Frightened
by her husband until she ' was made
sick, Mabel St. Claire Wyse to-day in
stituted divorce proceedings against
Frank E. Wyse on the ground of cruel
ty. She alleges that he would point'a
pistol at her or threaten her with a
knife until she could stand it no longer.
Addle Legault has begun suit against
Oliver Legault for divorce on the
ground of cruelty. She alleges that
he beats her.
Wives -Aliece Cruelty.
SENIORS GIVE
FACULTY HELP
One-Armed Brakeman Ite
turns to Oakland and Is
Picked Up by Detectives
LANE ARRESTED
A SECOND TIME
The estate of Margaret E. Walrath,
over the probating of whose will a
bitter contest was made some month-?
ago. has been appraised at $31,17X. She
was. a belleverjn. spiritualism and left
her* property to friends of the same
belief and- omitted relatives,, who
charged she was of unsound mind and
unduly influenced.
Among the bequests made by her
was one of several thousand dollars to
the family of Judge J. J. de Haven.
The Cushing and Lame families In
herited most of- the residue. The prop
erty includes stock in the Abbey Land
and Improvement Company valued at
$18,533. stock in the Providence Gold
Mining Company worth J30S0, and real
estate in several counties makes up
the balance.
The will of the late Mary B. Crouch,
widow of the late Judge Crouch of
Napa, was filed for probate to-day.
Her estate is valued at about $50,000.
Half of this i$ in cash and the balance
consists of Spring Valley Water Works
stock,. stock in the Napa City Water
Works Company and real estate. Half
of the estate goes to Mabel C. v Tlckell.
a daughter of the deceased, and the
other half is divided between Gwynett
Tickeil -and Edgar Crouch, both
minors.
The will of the late Cordelia E. Gur>
nett, widow of A. G. Gurnett. former
president of the San Francisco Stock
Exchange, was filed for probate to
day. Her estate is valued at $5000.
which eoes to her son, Lloyd A. Gur
nett. a resident of Marysville.
The will of the late Mary Stanton.
filed to-day, disposes of property val
ued at $40.3S3. John -A. Lally is 'given
a legacy and the real estate is divided
between John T. Stanton and Anna M.
Whelton.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1118 Broadway, March lL
FIRST PHOTOGRAPHS OF GREAT
TWO-TAILED COMET OF 1S93,
TAKEN BY SEBASTIAN ALBRECHT.
Property of Margaret E.
.AYalratlu Left to Friends,
Is Appraised at §31,173
ESTATE VALUED
FOR LEGATEES
W. J. " Yore : and • his brother John
passed last evening at 573 Telegraph
avenue, where the Davitts are making
their home. The evening was spent in
a discussion of the question that is in
teresting them, and they expect that
the "matter will be, settled in a day or
two.
No, I tcld my friends when I was here be
fore that I would do no more talking, and I
will stick to It. I want ' to stay in Oakland
long enough to get feeling well and then I
want to hurry back to New York. As soon as
my bock Is finished I will go from there di
rectly home 'to Ireland. I have been out of
politics for some time and Intend to remain
out.
Really, though, there is very little to squab
ble over. Mrs. Canning gave four- fifths of
her property to her friends and advisers be
fore she ever made a will, and by the time
the lawyers and expenses are -paid there will
be very little of the ' balance left. I am In
hepe, however, that the matter will be amica
bly settled out of court and shall exert what
inHuencc I have to this end.
Asked in regard. to whether he would
make any speeches while here, he said:
LlTTIiE FOR SQUABBLE.
I am really In Oakland for my health. If I
had not been sick I should not have taken the
trip across the continent. 1 nine to America
to have my book published. Harper Bros, are
getting it out for me In New York and I should
be there now. I received two bundles of proofs
to-day. I am very much Interested In the
work to which I have devoted a great deal of
my time.
The bock Is on the subject of the land ques
tion 1n Ireland. It Is a review of this ques
tion for the last fifty years, but In reality goes
back two hundred years. It is called "The
Fall of Feudalism In Ireland." It Is a ques
tion to which I have devoted mest of my life.
As to the matter of the settlement of Mrs.
Canning's estate I cannot say that It Is not
my affair. I have nothing at all to do with It
and am only Interested In it In so far as It is
my wife who Is one of the lielrs. It is her
money and I have nothing at all to do with It.
In speaking of the matter of the
esu«e last night Mr. Davitt, in an In
terview, said:
In this dilemma she . wrote to her
husband in New York for his advice,
and the proceedings in the matter have
been delayed pending his arrival here.
He said last night that he hoped to be
on . his way back to New York in a
week ami that Mrs. Davitt would prob
ably accompany him.
OAKLAND. March 11. — Michael
Davitt, the Irish patriot, arrived in
Oakland this evening from Xew York.
It is expected by those interested in the
settlement of the estate of the late Mrs.
Mary Canning that his presence here
win aid materially .in a peaceable so
lution of the strained state of affairs
"brought about by deceased having dis
inherited her nephew, W. J. Yore. A
few years ago her es'tate was thought
to be worth $500,000, but when her will
was filed for probate recently it was
found that there was less than JSO.000
left. " •
Mrs. Davitt was a niece of Mrs. Can
ning, and last Christmas the first
named was given a present of $30,000
by Mrs. .Canning", When the contents
of the will were lhade Known it. was
found ¦ that Mrs. Davitt had been
further remembered by being made
heir to half of Mrs. Canning's estate.
Her arrival here two weeks ago is" a
direct result of the proceedings nece's
sary to the settlement" of the' estate.
The threatened contest over the will
of Mrs. Canning by Wj J. and John M.
Tore, Mrs. Davitt's brothers, put her
in tho position of having to side with
them and- against Archbishop Rlordan,
who is made the heir to the other half
of Mrs.- Canning's estate, or against
her own brothers.
PROCEEDINGS DELAYED.
Irish Patriot Will Give Advice
to Heirs of Mrs*.
Canning. .
FAMOUS r IRISH PATRIOT
WHO ARRIVED IX OAK
LAND LAST NIGHT.
The communication was referred
to-night by the Board of Health to its
committee on garbage, composed of
Dr.. O: D. Hamlin. Dr.- S..' H. Buteau
and Dr. A. L. Cunningham.
to the new crematory plant; ¦ »
The company explains that it desires
to have: official record that the nuis
ances created by the dumps. cannot be
laid at the incinerating company's
doors. - This precaution has been taken
as the company expects that there will
be further litigation over the works. •
The coramnnication to the. Board of
Health is as follows: .^ . .- •
To the Honorable Board of Health of the
City of Oakland— Gentlemen; In ac^ordanc*'
with our contract with the city of Oakland,
dated March -1. 19O*, to : act as their agents
lit carrying out the conditions Qf a certain or
dinance. No.- 2257, we wish to notify yon
that In compliance therewith we shall be
r»a«1v to start the work on April 1. 1904. We
shall have e'rected for inspection on March
» a L> xon Ftevl'rhell. crematory of sufficient
capacity to destroy the entire output of , garb
age of the- city, with proper arrangements for
disposal of ashes and waste matter also at
our Wood-street plant.
We ypeeially desire that your honorable body
will appoint a special committee to Inspect
the present dumps and make a full report a?
to their condition and the stench arising there
from In order that your records may show
t^nt they are in no way ' chargeable to our
plant.
we would respectfully ask that such stepi
bo taken as will at once authorize the dis
tribution of the jrarbage cans to the resident*
and business houses and that we be Instructed
where to place parbare cans in schools and
city buildings. Respectfully yours. .
PACIFIC INCINERATING COMPANY.
By A. S. LILLEY. President.
The Pacific Incinerating -'Company,
which holds the contract for • garbage
cremation, has given formal notice '. to
t"he Board of Health, that the company
will be ready to begin incinerating city
garbage en April 1. -
The corroration notifies the board
that it will be prepared to consume the
entire outrut of garbage in Oakland
and to properly handle all ashes and
other waste matter at its jiew plant at
Wood and Twenty-third streets. .The
Board of Jlealth has been requested to
prepare to make an in??ection of the
plant, to advise the company concern
ing the/ distribution of. the garbage
cans and to make an inspection at once
of the "West Oakland dumps, adjacent
r . - ¦
Oakland 6fflce San Francisco Cajl,
111S Broadway, March r ll.
Troubles descend upon the head of
aged Frederick Page, a self-styled min
ing man, who won his pretty young
wife, who was Alma Schmidt, two
months- ago, while* she was serving
salads and other epicurean dainties in
a Telegraph-avenue delicatessen shop.
Page was arrested a few days ago in
his rooms for alleged threats against
his spouse, who had sued him for a di
vorce. The reputed capitalist put up
$500 in greenbacks for his appearance in
court. Page did not appear -in court,
and Police Judge Mortimer Smith made
sothe orders that forced the situation
to a crisis. After the arrest Mrs. Page,
afraid of the notoriety a. trial; in
court might involve. ' decided- , not
to prosecute her husband. The" case
dragged because Judge Smith , rflused
to dismiss It, until Mrs. Page. "to-day
sent a written waiver of prosecution.
But the $500 bail money had not been
released before the Dean Collection
Agency had levied an attachment on it
for $295, representing a lot of claims
against Page that had been assigned
for collection. The attachment suit will
be heard t>eiore* Justice of the Peace
Quinn. %l O
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, March 11.
Corporation -Bequests the
Health Board to Inspect
and Give Official Order
Swoop Down on Aged Fred
erick Page's. Greenbacks
and Seize the Currency
William Jr. and Annie T. Hammond to E. S.
Angel, lot on S line of Railroarl avenoe. 1«O
W of Prospect. W ICO by S 2R5. portion ot
AuBhinbaugh 223-Acre Tract, etc., Alameda;
$.10.
AIanr»da Savings Bank <a corporation) to
E. A. Kober. all of block 34. map 144. lots la
Pajr* Tract, excepting lot bejlnninir on S line
of Pacific avenue st NW corner of ljuxi sold
to Max Walter. 324 D. OT. distant on sajfl
line of said avenue 12O XV from W Una of
Shencan street. W 50 by S 16O. Alasieda; $10.
E. A. C. and Greta Pcstel (wife) to Uary
B. Schneider (wife of Henry), let on S lln«
of Santa Clara avenae (since wi<iened). 3<X» W
of Walnut street. W 40 by S 207 :U. portion of
lot 19. blocl? 22. lands adjacent to Encinal.
Alameda: S10.
Tamael and Caroline Tiranza (wife) to Pornl
tilla Morris (widow), lot beirlnninc at point 021
N from S line of piat »"-. meas
ured ' on E line of San Pablo aVe
nue. and 130 E from and at right
anjrles to said San Pablo avecue. being point
of besrinnln*. E W. S 22. W 40, S 10O..W 10 to
point 13O E from said line of said San Pablo
avenue, etc.. N IIS. portion plat. €2, Kellers
berRpr"s map fianchos' V. and r>. .Peralta.
Berkeley; $10.
Nora O'Leary (wifa of James) to Timothy
Rjac. lot on X line of West Moss (Moss)
avenue. 4*5:9 1 3 NW from NTV line of Diamoni,
NW.W, NE 135:OVi. SE 5O. etc.. SW 127:9;-;,.
teir.r |.->t 14. block B. Broadnray and Tele
grrvph Avenue Homestead. Oakland: *1*>.
Harriet N. Clark ( single)' to * if ora<-e , .N,
Henderson, let on. E line of Hniesass av-aoe;
300 H of Derby. S 50 by E.14S, lot IS. block
B, Berry-Barti Tract. flO. • ,
George E. and Anna R. Wellington (wtf ¦>
to Samuel I. Davis, lot on E line of Wheeler
street, distant — from N line of Ashby ave
nue S S) by E 125 lot 7. block A. Suburban
Trart. Berkeley: $10.
Leon anrt Ht»nr»*tta Bine <wl»e> to Gertrude
"Winter (wife of Charles R.j, lot on NE corner
of Thirty-second and I'nicn streets. E.30-.3 by
N 100 portion lot 1 block KTs, Waits Tract.
Oakland: $10.
Tlllle R. and Charles H. Spear (husband) f>
S. O. Holmes, lot on S line of Parsons street.
;:tO E of Park. E 1"O by S 10O. lota 7 arvl 8,
block 15. rv. i_ Parsons Goiden Gate Tract.
Oakland: $10.
Majrdaii&a V*r.. r (widowi to Kata Ti<h»
(sinule>, lot on X lins of Lydia street. 130 \V
of Curtts. W 23 by H SO: 4. portion lex 6. block
H. Curtis and Williams Tract. Oakland; $10.
It. J. Montgomery n;:^i to Sarah Ow*n»
iwidow). lot en S line of L.t!ly for Lily> #tr»et.
2CO E of Cfcannin* ox CaontAC. E 5O by S
:'»'. lets 13 and 14. block M. map resubdrvlsscn
of portion of Roterts and Wolrsklll Tract.
Oakland; *10.
Albert L and Violet A. Krels« to Frank II.
Graham, lot on E line of Locksley avenue. •*;>
8 of Clifton. 8 40 by E 100. portion lotj 3S and
39. Locksley Square, Oakland; $10.
C. E. and Emma E. Frveroan (wire) to El
vera M. Plneo. lot on SE line of Howe atrevt.
270 NE of Booth. NE SO by KB 125. lot 14.
block F. map Thermal Hill, formerly Howe
Tract. Oakland; $10. •
J. M. and Mary r». Bartlett (wife) to James
S. Nalsmith. lets 1 and 2. block 3. map East
Oakland Heights. Kast Oakland: $10.
Harry L. and Nyda W. Holcomb (wife) to
Colinia L. Knox <w1dow). lot on S line of
Thirty-seventh atreet. 74O W of Telegraph ave
nue. W 40 by S 92.31, E 30.3O. N 95.**. Jot 21.
map Roosevelt Terrace. Oakland; $.<*Ct>.
Same to same. lots 7. 15 and 14 block F.
amended map J. \V. Crawford's Tract, Oak
land; *1<>. ; .
George and Carrie R. Sterling- to the Realty
Syndicate, lot on S line of Forty-sixth street,
litO E of Linden. E 5O by S 100. let 7, block
2107. Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland; <:!•.
LJszi* K. and Samuel Fl*her (husband) to
Marshall B. V. or.iw. rth. lot on W llse nt
Ninth atreet. 5o N of Central avenue.- N ICO
by W 120. Jots 3 to 6. block 17, Oak. Shade
Tract. Alameda: $10.
Marshall It and Charlotte A. (cr Charlotte
A. 3.) Wood worth to Duncan E. MfKlniay*
ur.divi.led one-half of same, Alameda: $1"
¦ Calrtn A. Shraw (slnsle) to Gee W. Werner.
lot on NE corner of Prince and Tremoot
itreets. E 31 by N 103. Berkeley; flO.
State Savings Bank to Noah L. Freeae, lot
on W line of Spruce street. 150 8 of Roue.
S 30 by \V 134:7. portion of lot 5, block 2,
T. M. Anttsell'a map of Villa lota. Berkeley;
$1C.
Calvin .A. Shaw (single) to Frank Kobertaon.
lot on S line of Moan avenu*. "27.17 W of Gold
street. \V 33:6 by S 112, lot !•> and W 8:» »'.
lot.OSH, amended map of sabdlvistons of Moas
woo4 Tract. Oakland: HP.
Eleanor and F.C. A. Goldfrap (hushand) to
James A. Plnkerton. lot on N line of Berry
man street. 52:5 £ of Louisa. N 113 by I
32:5. portion of lot 10. block 15. property of
Berkeley VIJU Association, Berkeley; flu -
C. P. Devare to Claude TV. Devor*. lota 21
to 23. block 175, map ot subdivision* of lota
12 to 14 and portion of lot 11 of corrected map
of Snyder Homestead Tract. Berkeley : $10.
W. J. Mortimer (trustee> to H. P. Xelaon. lot
3. block ft, amended map of portion of La
Loma Park and Wheeler Tract, deed and agree
ment. Berkeley; 910.
John and Elizabeth Kusttce (wlfi>) to W. E.
Proctor fsinglr), lot en 8 ltn« of Thlrty-a«ventb
strc.t. lj» n;» i: of Market. E 33 by S 130. por
tion W 4 of lot 10 and E ', of Jut II. map
Beckett'* Second Addition. Oakland; *10.
Alnmcriu County
RKAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
GIVES F0K3IAL NOTICE
LAWYERS ATTACH BAIL
Garbage Company Is to Be-;
gin Operations Under jfej
nicipal Contract. April 1
Gives a Positive Refusal to
Proceed Against Her Hus
band in die' Police Court
NEARLY READY
TO INCINERATE
PRETTY WIFE
IS RELENTING
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMED A
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 190*.
DAVITT COMES
WEST TO HELP
SETTLE ESTATE
6
ADVEBTIXEHCENTS.
; ~*Z\
DENTAL BRIDGEWORK
Made for the Cost of Material at the
COLLEGE CLINIC
All work under the personal super-
vision of the professor of Crown and
Bridge \\ ork and guaranteed 2->k gold
and. the best materials.
Extraction free. Painless methods
C « c r an j n ?. frcc - Graduates only.
Week Days, 9 to 9; Sundays, 9 to 1.
P0ST-6RADUATFdENTAL COLLEGE
S&n Tnncisco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland— 973 WuUartos Street.
Ban Jose — 43 £ut Santa Clara sumv
Sacramento— 407 J Street.
BKANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
It 18 ifrqadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BElUvELEY.
. 2H8 Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
ALAMEDA.
1135 t'iirk Street.
Telephone Eagle 502.DISTINGUISHED JAPANESE
WHO ¦ ARRIVED YESTER
DAY.ON THE SIBERIA. :
Crisp cold morning:,, fine hot, coffee.
Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast, a two-cupper.*
lief at 8 Post steet, on the pretext that
he wanted; it- to! buy- a meal. This half
dollar i paid) for'^ the room " in which • he
ended his life. • : ... ;
SAN JOSE, March II.— County 'Entomolo
gist E. M: Ehrhorn has procured the co-opera-'
tion of local fruit growers in a plan of Jfeeplng
a record of the dates of blossoming and ripen
ing of nil kinds of fruits; '¦ ; ' .:
The orchards' are beginning to bloom and the
bay shore excursions of the Wishbone , Route
will take , you through . miles of blossoms.
Ev»ry Tuesday, and Saturday,' -. commencing
Tuesday,; March 15. T Leave. Third" and Town
send streets 9 a.* m.. return - via ; Alameda 5 :55
p. m. Round trip tickets.. -Including carriage
drive to and- from Stanford University* $2.
Tickets also good to return on any succeeding
train leaving- San Jose : same day, via , any
route. Details -.nf Information: Bureau, 613
Market 6treet, Southern Pacific . . • ¦
Wishbone Ron t e . Excursions.
NAPA, March 11.— Mah Lee, a Chi
nese, was brought to the County Jail
from St. Helena '< to-day - to answer "a
charge : of 'murder. ! ; .The. crime . was
committed in* September, 1894. At that
time a of Chinamen were em
ployed * on the Dondle '•'• place , near ; St.
Helena * and one of their number, Chin
Wee ? - Lurig,\,was » stabbed to ' death by
two'/of his countrymen. One of ; the
alleged ¦ murderers, Mah Lee, escaped
arid was riot" heard from until recently,
when he rettkried to St.' Helena." City
Marshal Johnson : recognized' Mah Lee
and at; once set; to work on the case,
securing evidence sufficient to \ warrant
the "Carfest of 'the' Chinese. "¦
Arrested for. an Old Murder.
Says They Have . Xo Certiflcatc.
Dr. Dudley Tait ( . secretary of the
State Board of Medical Examiners, se
cured warrants from • ¦ Police Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest of Alvin
A. Shaw arid C. C' Chapelle on the
charge of practicing: medicine without
The editor of the San Francisco News Letter
thi« week grills- William Randolph Hearst for.
his palpable hypocrisy in; regard "to labor
unions, and the San Francisco courts come in
for a ca*tl*at!on on account of the
of their methods. ,
Th» fraudulent charitable associations of
Ean Francisco are srlven an airlns, and the
••Town Crier." with Its usual verve, handles
many of the prevalent evils. »-. -
The departments are brlcht and sparkling,
and the "Undersraduate" gives us eome
special jcosslp from • the university that .will
make «cood reading at Palo Alto and
Berkeley. :^.-ir,. -/ f
Under the heading of "Pulex Callfornlensls,",
the origin of the flea la traced to Charles Lum
mls a.nd Harrison Gray Otis. , ¦ ¦ - ¦ . . ¦
The book reviews are written In a scholarly
manner, and the society column : give* • exclu
sive Information, while the "Looker On" Is
full of meat.- . .
Take it all In all. this week's News Letter
is a very good issue.* '. ••<
To-Day's S. F. News Letter.
The statements of Colonel Jones were
in reply to local suggestions that in
view, of the. financial difficulties of the
Government appropriations for the Na
tional Guard should be dropped. Colonel
Jones said that \ War Department cor
respondence showed an evident desire
of the Federal Government to assist
and encourage the militia and also to
encourage, by' the formation of such
organizations as the rifle associations,
the general practice in the use of arms
by citizens, so that citizens may be as
nearly proficient , as , possible in . case of
emergency) Lieutenant Newton, U. S.
A., is holding, special Inspections of the
local militia, - having been detailed for
the work. "V^r < :'-/"r.~'^: J , , ~h'c^}-' : '-"'
HONOLULU, T. H., March 5.— In ac
cordance with a request received from
the National Rifle Association, Colonel
Soper of the Hawaiian National Guard
is about to cali a meeting of those in
terested to form an' association here,
under the auspices of the National
Guard, r Colonel J. W. Jones of the
National Guard stated to a press repre
sentative, that- the national Govern
ment was showing a' disposition to en
courage" the ; National Guard and that
such encouragement and the fostering
of rifle clubs was a reason why Hawaii
should endeavor to improve her mi
litia. , i;-;7- V:.
Movement' Is on Foot to
Form Association Under
the Auspices of Territory
WILL IMPROVE
HAWAII GUARDS
A distressing story of misfortune is
that of the last days «of 'Joseph- R.
Michaels, the electrician who commit
ted, suicide on Thursday morning by
inhaling gas at the lodging-house at
121 Powell street. A master of a well
paid trade, he had been thrown out of
work by sickness and later refused em
ployment because his shattered frame
promised but slight ability to earn a
day's pay. For five months he had
tramped the streets in search of occu
pation. In that time he had obtained
employment for less than four weeks
and at the most miserable -wages. ¦
Michaels ,' came to California four
years ago ¦ from' Altpona, Pa. He had
been earning as high as $100 a week
in his vocation, ; but his health failing
he sought • a milder climate. For ; a
time he prospered, finding employment,
first as electrician and engineer at the
Waldeck Sanatorium, then with the
San Francisco Fixture Company at 1061
Mission" street and- later as manager
of the Pacific Grove branch of A. R.
Haskins' 'Kearny-street establishment.
Haskins . failed j in i November last, and
Just then Michaels became ill. When
at ' last able to get outdoors : he waa
but a shadow of his former, self, and
the employers to whom he applied for
work laughed at* him. He eagerly
sought - any employment.- For two
weeks he was at waiter at the Meredith
Hotel onTurk street,. and later did odd
jobs at a lodging-hou*e on Sutter
street. '._ Even these temporary make
shifts failed him at last. . •
Michaels' had two invalid woman rel
atives dependent Apon his, earnings.
One is Mrs.' Hattie, M. Godden, his aunt,'
formerly head; cook at " : the Meredith
Hotel 'and ; later/ housekeeper ¦"_ at the
Berkshire! Hotel), but now confined to
her bed by. illness. The other is Mrs.
Alice Wright, the widowed daughter
of Mrs. Godden." During the last weeks
of his life his greatest anxiety was to
earn enough to , provide food and lodg
ing for these 'helpless women. At last
they \vere compelled to leave "their
rooms on Turk street and take" a
single small; room ,;af 610 ,0'Farrell
street.- Here -the three destitute rela
tives [ made shift . to eke out a miser
able existence during the last ten days,
chiefly upon the ¦.money Michaels : was
able to raise" by pawning some trinkets
given him byV his -mother; in his better
days;- -',."¦' - '.''•. ¦ ' }.\ ' \ ; "¦•' ' '
Wednesday evening ' he came home
and told his aunt' that he" was at* the
"end of his ; rope, j: He . was worn out,
he said, and -the'; only jthing • left ' him
was death.: "
"I'anvso weary," ? the disheartened
man - exclaimed ¦ again and "again.: He
fell on his knees by his aunt's bedside
and v . taking her hand, begged; her to
pray for. him^VGod. will not Judge, me
harshly after the fight ' I ' have made*.".
He*"; then took off his ' watch arid eye
glassesr,articles of ;' so little intrinsic
value : that! he > had" not*" been able to
pawn,, them," . and , giving . them to the
sick woman ; rushed out of the 'room;
heedless ; of ; - 'her * entreaties ¦ that he
should.nbt add'to her. troubles the grief
of his self-murder. . A few minutes later
he borrowed 50; cents from E.\ C! Hare,
secretar.y- of 'the Masonic -Board of ? Re-
Heroic Fight Against 111
¦ Luck Waged by Joseph B.
Michaels Closes in Death
ENDS STRUGGLE
BY SUICIDE
The banker is very anxious that
American feeling should be friendly to
ward Japan. [ He was here five years
ago and has manv friends in New
York. As next to the head official of
Japan's greatest banking* institution,
TakahashVis an important man in the
financial world. He, is making a tour
of the agencies connected with his
bank, a duty, he performs every five
years.
The third of the Japanese trio is Cap
tain M. Asaoka of the Japanese navy.'
He Is on his way. to London to suoer
lntcrd the construction of a battleship
now being built for 'the -Mikado's navy.
He is the essence of affability, but. like
a gocd naval officer, refuses to discuss
profttsional matter*.
High in the councils of his native
land and acquainted with the plans of
the Japanese campaign, the Baron will
not discuss the. war beyond expressing
the conviction that Japan in the pres
ent conflict will justify her claim to
recognition as a world" power.
Banker Takahashi says that the
.whipping of the bear will be easy. So
confident did Japan feel, he said, that
plie had placed no restriction upon the
emigration of her young men, and "you
see," he«aid, pointing to the crowd of
coolies on the Siberia's forward deck,
"the stream. Is still flowing, toward
America. We have all the men we
need, and if we want more we have
them in Japan. When they are gone
those you see on this ship and most of
those now settled in the United States
will answer the Emperor's c^Jl."
here yesterday on the liner Siberia. One
represents, the nobility of the island
empire, another her financial strength
and the third the naval arm that Rus
sia is finding so strong and active. \, At
this time of Japan's great trial of her
carefully nursed strength considerable
interest attaches to this trio, represent
ing as it does the fiber of which.' new
Japan is "made.
Baron K. Kaneko, K. Takahashi and
Captain* M. Asaoka are the names of
these passing visitors.
Baron Kaneko is a graduate of Har
vard University, which seat of learning
conferred upon him the degree of LL.D.
He is president of the American and
Japanese Friendly Society, an organiza
tion whose mission is the promotion of
good feeling between the two nations.
Making friends for Japan in the United
States is said to be chiefly the object of
the -Baron's visit, although yesterday
he was too tired, he said, to do any
missionary work. He is a life member
of the House of Peers and a former
member of "the Cabinet, in which he.
held the portfolio of Agriculture .arid
Commerce. He is on I his way to St.
Louis, he said yesterday, to confer with
the Japanese commissioners to the ex
position.
Three distinguished Japanese 'arrived
VALLEJO. March 11. — Two prisoners named
Harris and Walsh, who had been temporarily
confined in the hospital on Mare Island, made
their escape last niirht and, presumably
through the assistance of confederates, secured
boats and made their way to this Bide.
Special precautions are being taken
to prevent bloodshed' and several
Chinamen of the xival tongs have been
relieved of their guns.
•The Ping Kongs demand a sum of
$750 for the heads of members lost in
the Walnut Grove war over and above
the number of heads secured by them.
Their demand has so far met with a
flat refusal on the part of the "Buey
Duns, and another battle for heads is
imminent.
For the last few days the Chinese
Six Companies has been acting as an
arbitration board, but its efforts at
patching up the trouble have been
fruitless.
The prospects of another bloody high
binder, war in Chinatown are very fa
vorable. The Ping Kong Tong and the
Suey Duns are about to even up old
scores. The Ping Kongs have not got
over the Walnut Grove war, when they
were worsted by their rival tong. After
the trouble at Walnut Grove a few
months ago- a truce was patched up
between the flshting tongs. The. truce
was to last over Chinese New. Tear,
when a final settlement was to be ef
fected. The Xew Year season is over,
but there is little prospect of a peace
able settlement. i 1 *-
»
Chinese Society Worsted in
Former Engagement Make
Demands That AreEejected
SMALL HOPE FOE PEACE
Ping Kong Tong and Suey
Duns About to Eenew Bat
tle Begun at Walnut Grove
Three Eminent Subjects of the Mikado Arrive on
the Siberia— Baron Kaneko, a Harvard Graduate-
Gomes Here to Mak§, Friends for His Country
WAR OF TONGS
IS IMMINENT
DISTINGUISHED JAPANESE FEEL
CONFIDENT OF WAR'S OUTCOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY/MARCH 12,^1904.
7
PRIZE PUZZI^J.
1 e 00 !N GOLD GIVEN AWAY
To thoroughly introduce "Shinola," the world's greatest shoe polish, and
the " Shinola Outfit," we will present to purchasers, 22 prizes of $100. in gold.
One prize of $25.00; one of $15.00; one of $10.00; four of $#.00; fifteen of $2.00.
The conditions are simple and easy. Try as many times as yon like..
KJ Cut out the pieces and. when you have matched them together B
H showing the Shinola Outfit, paste them in this frame which must fit I]
iff the picture perfectly. H
H Shinola. the World's Best Shoe Polish, is sold by all dealers. M
H The "Shinola" Shoe Shining Outfit consists of Shinola Polish, fl
Kj; Shinola Dauber ..and 1 Shinola Polisher. A purchase of Shinola l|
fl (large box) 10c, entitles you . to one chance. A purchase of the com- '.H
| j plete outfit, 35c, entitles you to 5 chances. |J
M You get full value for. your money and a chance to win gold. ||
I"! The outfit by mail. 40c. You must send the end of carton and the tissue paper to 1
¦ be entitled to 5 chances. . . f- 1
IN 8TRUCTION S- After pasting the pieces in the frame and purchasing a box of Shinola,
yon must enclose with yonr answer the piece 'of printed tissue paper to be found on the inside
of every box. Write your^address plainly here. Name, i!. .'..:.¦¦¦¦¦ /..—...... .....r .11 * ' "i*..— ¦.' :
Street......... .^.«_............-..-.....^.........._.....'... Plicc - !¦¦¦¦ m- »hi»Tt mail
to us. Should you buy the complete outfit which entitles you to 5 chance*, tear off and send with
this advertisement, one end of the pasteboard carton (in which the dauber and polisher. U
sold) together with the tissue paper. Don't pay orer iec for any shoe polish, xocbuys "Shiaola.**
. it is the best. It is a cleanly paste polish, quiet, easy and always ready for instant use. Preserves
the leather and gives a splendid shine, one shine will last more than a week; 100 shine* in a hor.
Good for rubbers and all black leather, from babies' shoes up. Shinola dauber and polisher are
made of lamb's wool, the best idea ever perfected ; don't scil hands. It is a pleasure to shine your
own shoes with this outfit. Millions of boxes are beinjt sold. If your dealer cant s~->plyyou,
send us ioc for box " Shinola " or 40c for the outfit complete, we pay the post.
¦-- This contest will close April 1st. 1904. The best » answers selected will be awarced prizes ht
order mentioned. -The correct solution with names of prize winners will be published in t£ls paper
April 9th, 1904. All will have a fair and equal chance. No employee of this company nor their
families will be allowed to enter the contest. Address SHINOLA COMPANY,
•--¦'¦''¦ ''•..';-¦ ' 'v ' '-:: '.. Prize Contest, Rochester, N. V«
fl^PATE^TS! J
MARKETSr! Sl!^SSS^
ML CTUIV/I A To «tay Cured. Cause re-
l\ Jfc I 1 Vl LA moved. Health restored.
~ "_ ¦ : . ¦ ¦ ' ' ¦ r* No more Asthma or Hay
Ai'inrA Fever. Book > 60 Free.
irVlVLL/ P. HAROLD HAYES,
- - w . . -. ....... . Buffalo. . K. T. .
! EAHWAY TRAVEL;
¦ CALIFORNIA
j LIMITED TO CHICAGO
; LEAVES DAILY
at 9:30 a. in., through in 3 days,
with diner and all travoliurs.
: " "~~ ""ffiRiiijujaj
Other Santa re Trains:
o^n ** ""I for StocWon. Fresno. Bakersfleld
j 8:00 pi m^J Merctd ' Hanford and Visalla.
: 4:00 p. m, for Stockton.
j fc:OO p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
I TICKET OrriCES — 641 Market St. and '•¦
Ferry Depot. S. F. Also Ilia Broad- :
i way, Oakland, Cal. 227 South First St^
San Jose. 'i'-
| CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
m FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIri-
RAILWAY COSCFAinr.
I Tlbnron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
I SAN rBAKCISCO TO SAW BATAEL.
WEEK DATS — 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Tfcursdays— Extra trip
! at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
j SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
! 3:30, 5:00, 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
¦ SAW KAPAEL TO SAN FBAHCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05. 7:35. 7:50, 9:20, 11:18
j a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 6:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— 8:00, 8:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40,
' 3:40, 4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive
i San Francisco.! Sept. 27. 1903. fsan Francisco.
. Week | Sun- j Destina- I Sun- I Week
¦ Days, j days. ! tion. j days. | Days. '
I "7:30~a! 8:00~a 97iFa~8T40"a
9:30 a Ignaclo 10:40 a 10:20 a
: 3:30 p( 3:30 p ; .. ' 6:05 p 6:20 p
i 5:1 °Pl 5:00 pj 7:35 p|
! "7:30«(1 ~ 9~:10 at 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
j 3:30 pj 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
: 5:10pj3:SOp and 7:35 p
1 I 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
i 7:30a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
I 3:30p 3:30 p
I Windsor, ~ .
' 7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
' Lytton.
j 3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
i Cloverdale,
1 7:30 a S:00a Hopland 10:40 a 10:20 a
; 3:30 pj 3:30 p and Uklab. 7:35 p 6:20 p
I 7:3Oa l 8:C0aj Willlts. | 7:35 pi G:20 p
j 7:3OajS:0Oa| 110:40 a|10:20 a
j 3:30 pj 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
| 7:30 ai 8:00 a| . Sonoma, |9:10a|8:40a
] 5:10 p] 5:00 pj Glen Ellen. h6:05 p| 6:20 p
] 7:30 a 8:00 a! x |10:40 a|lO:2o a
¦ 3::x>p 3:30 p| Eebastopol. ( 7:35 p[ 0:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
i Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur.
j .Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
I Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
i s»rville for Skatrjrs Springs; at Cloverdale for
| the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
: Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelaeyvllle, Carlsbad Springe,. Soda Bay, Lake-
I port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
I Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
j Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo,
i Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerly's.
{ Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'a
; Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
i Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
! Westx>ort, Usai; at Wtllits for Fort Bragg.
I Westport. Sherwood, Cahto, Covelo,' Layton-
j vllle, Cummlnge, Bell's Springs, Harris,- OI-
i een's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
' and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-'
1 duced rates.-
. On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
: Ix-yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street, Chronicle
bi'ildlnc
, H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
j Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
i^P^^j TOSANRAFAEL,
lllJgDSliJ ross valley;
ii$MWm mLL valley^
,^Sg^^ CAZADERO, Etc.
j ijjTGQCTdaaKfiifcaay via Sausalito Ferry.
i Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric —
! Depart from Eaa Francisco Dally 7:00, 8 !00,
• 0:00. 10:00, 1J :00 a. tn.. 12:20. 1:45, 3: 15,* 4: 15,
! 6-15. 6:15. 7:00. 8:45, 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
I FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily. 5:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8:35, 9:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45, 5:45, 6:45,
8:45, 10:20 j>. in. :
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
riSCO— Daily. 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:55,
11:20 a. m- 12:35, 2:00. 3:15, 4:05. 5:05, 6:05,
7-05. 9:00, 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.'
I S :00 a. n>. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 c. in. week days (Saturday excepted) —
Tomales and nay stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. - • - _ , A ¦ _
Sundays only — 10 a. m., Point Reyes and
wtv ctation».
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market St.
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market Bt. .
WbrnOut Feeling Has Gone
No More pheumati3m--Nd More Chffls"
The^ Best Known Man in Richmond Adds His Voice to Ever-Swelling
;.) Ghdrus of Praise for the Celebrated Nerve Vitalizer and Tonic
JPa-itie's Gelery Compound
From L. \ H. Andrews, of Richmond. I m \ ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦" "My friends noticed the rapid 1m-
Vlrginia. one of the Fathers of the city— ! -- -~-~r\ provement and were much surprised, for
a prominent' business man, a leader of' I.''- ',&£*£§> " • v --. ': i t ».-.¦.
public spirit, widely known and highly - .JiWili&K \ have slnce lear "^) they thought
respected-comes this THIRD letter— , | |gMpP:- : N> V^ i my days were numbered.
telling how Paine's Celery Compound—- f p^Psli Qj I "Since then, whenever that old tired
the discovery of Dartmouth's great phy- | <;/ \ ,/:> , „ T ,
sician-has never failed ¦ him when he ®& 11111 fCelmg O " X would teke another
turned to. It forriew^ vitality. ne,w health j W-+. - ,. BM ;^ botUe or two. always with the same
and for safety against all sickness. . §£':•. ** 'felpTC happy result. I enjoy splendid health.
Mr. Andrew. w« cured of : ML ' ' SSi ¦ " J never lost an opportunity to
¦ 7 -X^^^r s P eak a eood word for the remedy that
'¦'¦¦- ¦'•> ' '¦? ¦ '¦'¦'','¦'' proved such a panacea. . Simply 'as a'
Stomach Trouble, I "^^V |^^g| cure for debility and insomnla-to say
ppe 1 e, k^.a '.%??p nothing of other troubles it will remove
S> . i%ll& $&$& — r consider that Paine's Celery Com-
Hheumatism. / ... >' "¦ P«und Is nothing short of a blessing.
"W^w'swellni.^ - J^SIB^ H| | "I wiHtalce pleasure in replying to any-
. '*... : 'if£JM/ -...'¦ , : - : -= Inquiries if a stamp Is inclosed. Very;
tetter No. 3. . 11^11^ P\ = truly your3t L - H " ANDREWS . 235 N«
"Some years'ago, as yoii know. I used " -f|M 23 <* «t. Richmond. Va.. Dec II.-
Stomach and bowels , in bad' condition— I^^K^^KS i * -SllH Learn how much better you can
with chills and, severe" spells of rheuma- i|§jflu^^tt^|^^HPi^^^^^H *^fccl Go to VOU Druggist To day
"For eight or nine months I suffered E* H^B^^BEmMaJfflMH» —Get One . bottle— Feel JUSt
;r: zi ss s u r zv?:^ z . lifl^^™Hiw : oj;rcE -*™**** new;nerv e
relieve me permanently. . ¦ e HBkJk . ? J^^§x'^M^'''M^ISBSi force made by Paine's Celery
"On the advice^ of. a friend . I tried r^?4iBXM^!w^^^^i^^^^^^^i n ~. j - v mi xTr»i7r«o
Paine's -Celery Compound/ .My appetite fi^fB» MSM^M^^wJ Compound — YOU Will , JMh,V£,K
returned, the chillsceased. I could sleep JSSaj^jUSfciwuMiiW* AGAIN f be ' contented " With low
well, and that 'worn> out' feeling, disap- " BICHMOITIJ. ' • • ", " ,' ,'
peared entirely: •..;..,:,.•• ,^ — spirits and poor health. -¦-.-•-!•'•--
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND
i^fi^swBatiBfflBmH'BMBfflBiiSKffffrr^'^™^^^
¦¦¦' ¦•' v " PA C TB" B JIMS' I 1 IV!
;;; ;tAO I I nAV .L LI II U • tj
''• '.''¦•¦¦' r . ¦ T *y IB |^* jP A _, ,'. ; y 5i,' SpjSlii *~\
.' Xhereis one-way of. going east that affords all the ease and comfort *at, a. minuniiULfW Hi
expense— the Burlington way. -—• . / % "K
For many years the Burlington has been taking thousands of people annually from fi
California to the East. This travel has increased year by year because tlic* service, given JAM
was the best to be had for the money. . r f ||
The Burlington thro' tourist sleeping cars leave California on certain days each fl'll
"week, and run via Salt Lake City and Denver, passing the grand Rocky Mountain^ / |
scenery by daylight.' This is by far the most interesting route across the continent. 'j| ¦
WM TKis coupon, when filled out and mailed to Mr. Sanborn, will- bring. you just the fcfw
i information you want about i — — — : ; — — — — j »*«. 8
I --your trip to the East; Send w - D - SAN^?2 N r Q f nt ? l «?R« SKIS 81011 : " outei ' \ '¦ K
g| / r . . 631 Market Street, SAN FRANCISCO. - v " |
9 It to-day. Please send me complete information about th« Burlington ~ ; h
B Overland Excursions, -v^*' r*j, J
w| . I want to go *n j* H
9 Burlington traint orer Burlinjton rail* ill the vray gj* K
Bj -'¦<¦¦'¦' from DenTer to St. Lonit ind Chicago. Nimc! J H
S No other road does it. - m
P Address J Kt
BL . •. -.• W4 -....,-¦¦ - . , - ____J^R
The North Western=
Onion Pacific Excursions
¦ *ir-+<i unnd <->pjy*rtiixiit:c$ fur. an
ChicagorEasf
Excursions Every Day
Ferscr.aliy conducted parties leave
S2n Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday; Friday V
Leave Los Angeles ens day earlier.
Choice cf routes. ,
1 For fCl i^fonnatcn tpp'y to <* ad<Sr«M
E. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTK.
Gener»l Ajrer.t. Gcn'l Ajent P*ss> Dept^
Ct!e»ro * Norsh-Wenere Ry. L'nion Pacific P.. R.
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRASCISCO, CAL.
picto^^ v
I / suwacr \*9| Tralnii leave and ar«
. i w * T HOUTfct I .1 due to arrive »t
V0\^^^^yW SAX rRANCISCO.
N^ <> 1 f S (Main Line. F^rrj- Depot.
> S^V* 1^ Foot 01 Martei bircet i
'x.i*ti — From FtRECABV IT. !*>*¦ — *kbit«
"TiO* VaetriU*. Winien. iium*cy 7-60r
7 00 * Benlcla, 6al«un. Elmlr»«nJ Sacra-
mvnt-j 7.20p
7ZQa TaUcjo. Nspn. Callstoc*. Santa
Kom. Martinex, San Kanion 6-ZOr
7 33a Miffs. LWermore. Trscr. Lathrop.
Stockton .. > 7.20f
I -CO a Sb»«» Kxprew— (V]» Uarto.
Wjr.lamt (for IUrtlett Sprlug*).
W,;;ow». ¦'Fruio. Ued Uluff.
Portland. Tacoma, 6eattle 7-50i*
I .CS a Dam. '.'¦ iv, i:a: d. K v'.gb t* LandSug.
MaryiviHe. Oro»iile 7-6Cr
8-80* Port ~Coe!a. Martinez. AntiocU.
Byroa. Tracy. fetoclEton. Sew-
ir.'.ii. Lo* Banus. Mendot*,
Armona. Uanford. Vlealla,
Pcncrri'.le 4.20r
e^CA fortCofta. Manlaez. Tracy. L»tb-
rop. ModcMo. Merced. Fre»uo.
Gosben Junction. Hanford.
Vualla. Bakenfleld 4.B0P
( ZCa Ktlrs, S»n Joee. LlTermore. Stock-
ton. (tMlltoc). ione, Sacramento,
Hlae^nrtlle. Mary*Ttlle. Cbico,
Red Bluff 4.20P
8.50* OaVdalf. Chlccie, Jamestown. 6»-
norii. Tuolutr.r.e and Anpel* 4 20r
it)3A AtlP.r.tJcExpres*— Ocden»ndEa#i. 11.20a
9ZQa ElrUmoaii. Martinez and Way
Station! 6 50p
10 CCa The Overlana Limited — Osden.
Denver. Omaha. -Chicago 620r
10.00a Valtejo 12.2Or
10 4)0 a Los Anpele« 1'aesenger — Port
Cotta, Martinez. Byron. Tracr.
Lattrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymocd. Fretno, Gosbea Junc-
tion. Hunford, Lemoorr. VUalia,
Bakerf-C'ld. Lo» Aosrele* 7-20^
• 1200" Haywairi. K!le» «n4 'Way Stations. 320p
?14)0p Sacmtneoto Klver Steameri tii.00'
SSOr Besicta. VTloi«r«. 6acraniento.
Woodland. ILr.'ib't Landing,
Marr^Ille. OroT::ie and way
•tatlon* ' t0 -52*
IZOr Baywarrt.SneiacdWBrSutlons.. 750p
330r I'nn Cotta. Martinex. Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop. Modcito,
Merced. Fre*»o and Way Sta-
tl-jB« berocd Port Co«ta 1220^
SSOp Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lo<J1... 102Ca
4 COr Mart:nez.Sa:if:itinou,ValieJo.Napa.
CaH*to(», S*Tita Rosa 920a
4 OOr >•":>•. TrscT. Stockton. Lod: 4.20p
tZZr Btyirard. Nile*. Irricgtoa, East 13.50a
Jote. MTenaore .....I 111.60a
bCOr Tte Owi Limited— N'ewrnan. Loi
Banon. M»ndoia. Fre«no. Tulare.
1 BakersSeld.LoaAngelei.
Oolceo State Liniiud Sleeper,
Oakland to l.o» Angeie*. for Chi-
cago, r'.a C. R. I. £ P ........— 8-SOa.
6-COp Fort Co«t». Tracy. Stockton....... 12-20P
•6 £2r ii' ;•• werii. N\t« and San Jote 7.20a
ECOf Hayward. Xllet »nd Ssn Jote. 9iO*
6- 00r Ea»:ern Eipreu— Ogvf»- DenTer,
Omaha, bt. Lcu'.«. c&lcago aad
i.»n. Port Co«tA, ISenicla. Sol-
tun, Klmira. Pa-vl*. Sacramenttw
Rociclln. Auburn, Colfti,
Truckee. Boca. Be no. Wad*-
winnemoeca. ............ 5-20r
8. OOp Vallejo, da!!y. except Sunday.... f 1 en.
7&0T Vallejo. Sanday only f ' <6B '
7X0p Klchmoad, San Pablo, Port Cvtta,
Mf.rt:n*z *rd Way fitatlOBi 11.20*
8X&P Crepon & Ca'iforcla Expreaa — Sac- ¦. r ,¦
ramento. Maryirllle. Beddlag.
Portland. Pogec Sound and Eaat. 8.61a
t ".Or Bayward, NlAt and £an Jose (Sna-
cayonly) 11.60*.
COAST LI N E narrow Uaa^e).
(Foot cf Market Street.) —
• lSi >>»ark. C»aterrlile. Ean Jots,
Felton. Bonlaer Creek, Basl*
Crai and Way Station* S-55r
tS.IEr Kewark. Centerrtlle. San Jota,
S«w Atmaden.Lo* Gatoc.Felton.
Boalder Cr«ek. Santa Crai a&d
Principal Way Etatloat ti 0-554
*At>r Kewark. 6tn Jose, Los G»tci and S ••8.55 4
way ttatlon*.... I tlO 65a
*33Cp EcBtert Tratn, Saturday only. Eaa
Jone and Way Stations. Retarn-
*cg front Lot Gatas &an<1ay only. 17 26 r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Free SAN t ItA>ClSCO. loot of Market St. (SIlp<»
— 17:15 »:U0 11:0Ua.m. 1.00 3X0 B. 16 p.m.
rroia OAKLAKD. Foot of Broadway — +«.•<« t»:t$
18:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 4.00 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broid «•«*»).
fSfda'Ti and lowngend Streett.) «
S.IOa. Ban Jo«e and Way Station* 6-33p
7 00a Ban Jo»e and W«y Station! B.3*p
t 00a yrv A'.:n»de.n (Tuf»., Frld.. only), 4.10P
5 -C0a The Coatter — Stopa ooly San Jose,
Gllroy (connection for lloUla.
ter). Pajaro. Cattrortlle <cob.
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove ), 8tllnM. Sat
Ardo, Pato Boblea. Santa Slar-
raiita. 6an Lai* Oblipo. prlnctpai
•tatlon* tbence Surf (connection
for Lompoc), principal ctatlons
thence Santa Bart nra. San Buena-
Centura, Faugna. Lo* Angelec... 10.45'
I.COa 6aa Jose. Trea Plaoc, Capltola,
fcantaCrnz.Paclflc OroTe.Saltnat,
fan Ln'.t Obiipo and Principal
Way Station* 4.10*.
10.30a Ean Jote and Way Station t 1.20p
11~0a 6anta Clara, San Jose. Lot Gatot
and Way Station* 7.30p
1 ZOr San Joce and Way Stations 836a
S.C0r Del Mocte Express— Santa Clara,
6as Joce. Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grore (connectt at Santa
Ciara for Santa Cruz. Bonlder
Cret-k and Narrow Gauge Points)
•t Gllroy for HolUater. Tret
Plnoa. at Caatrovllle forSallnat. 12.16p
S-SOp Tret Plnos War Paonenjrer.. ....... 10 454
4-JOp tan Jotr end Way Stations* 18 00a
tSOO^ fc*n Jo*e, (via Bauta Clara) Lot
Getoa, and Principal W&y tta-
Vout (except Snndayl r9004
.tZGr EaBJoteandPrinclpalWaySt&Uoni (9-404
fc.LOr Eanaet Limited.— HedWood. Saa
Joee. Gllror.Salinas. Paso Hoblca,
tan Luis Oblapo. Santa Bartiara.
Lot Airti". DeniiBZ. El Prso.
ytw Orleans. »w Vork. Con-
cecu at Pajuro.for Santa Crai
and at Ca*trort;>. for Pacific
CroTeand Way Stations 7.10k
tS Ab* EanUateo,Berecford,Ueln)ont.5aa
Carioa. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
KccloPcrk. PdoAlto :B <8a
8 5Cr Ean Jore and Way Stations ......... 8-S84
C DOp Palo Alto and Way Stationt 10.15a
il.SCr buu th San FmncUco, Mil Ibrae. Bar-
!:n««cf, San * Matro. Beltnont,
6an C«r!ot. Redwood, Fair Oak*.
Henlo Park, and Palo Alto 8-4S"
- «11-Mr MarCeld. Moantaln Vtew. Suncy- • .
vaie, Lawrence. Eanla Clara and
San Jose tSAh*
A. for Morn'-ns. P for Afternoom. **
1£udayezcepte4. I Scnday only
a Eatnr£a7 ociy.
|£u>pt at aU vutlont oa Ennday.
t3T Otly trelnt stoi»plnir ax Valencia St. tc«tbboaad
• r»e:10 a.h^7:«Ia.«, 11:80 a.K-.S:30»'.»U t:t0r.M.Ui4
VitOTJL
tViT. Tamalpais Railway
" Leave • Tja Sass^iu ttrrj I Arrive
Otm fnntht» r««t «f Karttt fc, SaaPnndac*
. Week Sbo- _ml Sob. |WeS*
D«r«. <i*y« • jdBmmmk. «*«y» P»y».
».|jji.»8:OOA I^:o5pt 0:404
•U46p 0:OOa t£3$r^%W l:25p2:00p
ft:lAf 10:00a. l«^lf l:Mr 5:S0r
11:00* J&Sg&lr «:6Op »:«#»
1:45p 5:5»p
3:15p yBr T:8Op .,
TJCtr i C36 Majuoct Sr^(Nortb Shore Rjkilzaad)
mat i aad Saosajlito Kuir. Foot Markat &L
iliyJaTsififTiThrough the "Soo" In 1903 - passed
S5.000.000 tons of freight— three times ag
much as was carried on the Suez canal
/Russia has. expressed the somewhat forceful .opinion
that John Hay is the unknown quantity in the algebraic
problem' of .the 'world's diplomacy, and 1 peace. This per
haps is the"" highest tribute yet. paid to the distinguished
talents of the ? Secretary »of' State. And Russia may as
well "bear in mind that in the solution of "this inter
natiorial; problem .the unknown" quantity must be given
something jnore than a nominal value
SULPHURING VINES— A. S., WeL
mer, Cal. All the large vineyardlsta
of California sulphur their vines as a
protection against mildew and thrip3.
The method used is the sulphur bellovw,
which is so constructed that the oper
ator can expel material without ex
cess, thereby saving a large percentage.
There is a receptacle . on top of the
bellow? proper which Is filled with pow
dered sulphur. A tube passes from tha
bellows through the sulphur to the Ud.
This tube has a cap which has four
long holes cut in it and Is kept on the
tube by a little brass spring. When
forcing air through, the tube lifts the
cap up to the holes and forc*es the pow
dered sulphur out of the discharge
tube.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound. ,ln artistic fire
etched boxes- A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. abova Call bids *
Cullom's Wit.
Senator Culloro's wit is dry. He
never laughs at his own jokes, and
when his jokes are at the -expense of
some one else it is - a minute ' or two
before the victim is aware that he is
being aimed at. . Of late Mr. Cullom
has had a constituent in "Washington
seeking to get a place under the Pan
ama Canal Commission.
The other morning this gentleman
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1041, •
The Tibetans are not beautiful. How
could they be when, by their own con
fession, the national ancestry runs back
to the king of the monkeys and a hob
poblin? Bouvalot says of them: "The
very bears are better looking." The
type is midway between the Esquimau
and the Chinese. Broad, flat noses,
without visible bridge; no eyebrows,
wide mouths, full: lips, oily skin's, hair
as coarse and straight as . horsehair,
and short, square, ungainly figures—
these are the elements of the nnpleas
ing picture.
Tibetan "Bcautx.
. The "objections voiced, by 'certain members of the
United States Senate to. the acceptance of the statue, of
Frederick the^ Great," presented . by Emperor William,
haven't even the profit of jingoism:* The gift has been
accepted in the' same spirit of friendliness" in which it
was offered and there. the incident should end. Some
of our* Washington/ solons , can cast a more.* ominous
shadow' than; will the image] of the old Prussian soldier.
WE are in receipt of very earnest but very tem
perate comments in Tulare County papers upon
our statement of the effect of the court's charge
to the jury in the case of the State vs. Janes, for the
murder of Martin, the City Marshal of Tulare. Janes
was . guilty, of a misdemeanor^iri obstructing the side
walk, contrary to a- valid ordinance of the. city govern
ment. When taken into custody he shot and killed the
City Marshal, and, we suppose, ".was acquitted under- the
Judge's charge- to the jury, w^ich carried the principle of
self-defense into resistance, of - an- officer. The press of
the county spreads all of the instructions given by the
court in reply to our comments and puts the burden on"
the jury, which, was judge . of the facts. ' s All that we
desired to- do was to admonish courts.'of .the exceed
ing danger there is -in introducing the doctrine of self
defense to justify resistance of arrest by an officer.
While the instructions in the Tulare case may have
been balanced evenly, and were no doubt given con
scientiously by the court, their tendency is to carry the
doctrine of self-defense, into an action where it -has no
right to. go. If the arresting officer • make an J.unpjQ-.
THAT. JUDGE'S CHARGE.
Nearly all the edibles shipped to the
mining camps about Nome during the
early days of the gold fever came in
the x shape of canned goods. Thereby
hangs this tale.
An arrival "at one of the camps
stopped at a roadhouse for a few days
until he could decide in what portion
of the country he would stake his'
claim. Among the. baggage he brought
with him was a phonograph, probably
the first one ever seen in that country.
A crowd of curious Esquimaux stood
;by looking in amazement at the ma
•chine. The visitor, thinking the in
strument might cause them some
amusement, started it going. The na
tives stood looking at one another in
awe. None could solve the mystery
until one fellow volunteered that he
had discovered what It was.
¦ He declared that it was canned
white man.
Canned White Man.
j Oakland, as well as San Francisco., is suffering from
too large a crop of murderous burglars. In one respect;
however, Oakland has an advantage over this city. Her
police occasionally stumble over a. malefactor and lock
him up, while our guardians of ;,the ' peace pursue the
unruffled tenor of their^way without even stubbing their
toes. -if 1 ' J ¦ ¦ - .-¦;:;''";¦ *;:£*
BOSTON'S NAMES — Subscriber.
City. Boston, Mass., is called the City
of Notions f ;om the amount of Yankee
notions manufactured there. The city
was first called the Hub of the Uni
verse by Oliver Wendell Holmes, who
wished to convey the idea that the
world moved around that city. It is
also called the Tri-Mountain City,
from the three hills upon which it was
originally built.
LIBRARIES— Subscriber, City. The
three largest libraries of the world are
the Bibliotheque Nationale. Pana,
France, 3,000,000 volumes, including
pamphlets; British Museum Library.
London. England. 2,000,000; Imperial Li
brary of St. Petersburg, Russia, 1,500,
000. The library of Congress, Washing
ton, D. C, contains 1,000,000 volumes.
COUSINS— A Header, City. The
children of brothers and sisters are
called cousins, cousins germain. first
cousins or full cousins. Often the term
second cousin Is loosely applied to the
son or daughter of a cousin sermain,
more properly called a . first cousin
once removed.
REGISTRATION— Subscriber, City.
In San Francisco all registrations of
voters prior to the current year have
been canceled. Voters must be regis
tered anew this year and such regis
tration will hold good for all elections
that may be held in 1904 and 1903.
Everything in China of any rarity
whatever is certain to be dragged into
the pharmacopoeia of the Chinese phy
sician. Jade is no exception to the rule.
It may be swallowed as a powder or in
little pieces the size of hemp seed for
various stomachic complaints.. Even
pockmarks and scars may .be obliter
ated by being daily rubbed with a piece
Of pure jade. It is also consldered'to be
of a moist nature, and we read of an
imperial favorite of the eighth century
who was cured of excessive thirst by
holding a fish-shaped jade in her
mouth. And so when the tomb of the
great commander, Ts'ao Ts'ao, third
century. . A. D., was opened 200 years
after his death among the usual ob
jects found in such circumstances was
a large silver bowl full of water. That
the water had not dried up was ac
counted for by the presence In the
bowl of a jade boy three feet in height.
Jade is chiefly brought from the
K'unlun or Koulkun range, between the
desert of Gobi and Tibet; from K hot en
or Ilchi, in Yarkand and from still far
ther to the west. In the tenth century,
.A. D., the latter was practically known
as the Jade hills district, though It does
not appear that any jade has ever been
found here.— Nineteenth Century.
Jade as Medicine.
ARMY— J. B.. Freestone. CaL The
recruiting requirements of the United
States army are that Those who enlist
shall be between the ages of 21 and 35.
A man who has attained the age of 43
would not be received in the volunteer
service even in case of war.
BLUE BOOK — B., Folsom, Route
No. 1, Sacramento County, Cal. The
nearest to a blue book of the United
States is the Congressional Directory.
To obtain such communicate with the
Congressman of the Senatorial District
in which you live.
NATIONAL. SONG — F. S. C. City.
Xo song has been officially designated
as the "American national song," but
by common consent "The Star-Spang
led Banner," "Hail Columbia" and
"America" are recognized as national
songs.
CARBOLIC ACID POISONING — V.
B., City. A ready antidote in the case
of poisoning by carbolic acid is the
administration of ordinary vinegar ad
libitum, or giving large quantities of
a solution ot bicarbonate of soda.
EL. CAMINO REAL — W. H.. City.
El Camino Real passes through the
town of Salinas. An interesting ac
count of this great highway was
printed in The Call of September 15.
1901, page 3.
SHEEP FEEDING— A. B.. City.
There are no sheep feeding stations in
California, where sheep in large num
bers are fed and fattened under cover.
In this State sheep are fed in the open.
The typical peon, indifferent to change
and progress, is affectionate and faith
ful in all family relations, and sets an
example in domestic life which might be
copied with advantage by many Ameri
cans. Old age is reflected and cared
for. The artistic tendencies existent
In his mixed and ancient ancestry are
by no means extinct in the peon of to
day, and especially is this true of the
Mexican women, .who display in their
love for flowers and music and the
beautiful generally tastes which are
none too universal among white people
in this Western country. As a worker
also the Mexican woman is infinitely
more industrious and faithful than the
man. She Is a good mother, generally
speaking:, although her children as a
rule betray a singular lack of grit. The
boys seem worse than, the girls in this
respect. A tap on the shoulder from the
mother will cause an 8-year-old boy to
yell for ten minutes, unashamed and
unconnected. Boys at play together
burst into wails concerning injuries,
mental or physical, minute to invisibil
ity. At the same time, however, It
must be conceded that the fiendish
whoops in which the American boy
voices his reasonless ecstacy are con
spicuous by their absence. Neverthe
less when the Mexican is grown and
has imbibed x to excess of the new wine
he will make W for a more subdued
past by sounds as hideous and maniacal
as any American youngster can present
to a shuddering audience. — Southern
Workman.
The Mexican Peon.
PURE WINE LABELS— C. J. M..
City. The law requiring the placing of
labels to designate that California
wines are pure is still on the books,
but it is a sort of dead letter.
Some absolutely new observations about the "Hand
That Rocks the Cradle" are presented with a circle of
photographs that are. at once as fascinating as they are
original. Spring novelties in dress are shown in a full
page of photographs on a page directly opposite this.
Equally notable are the photographs of the snow cov
ered foreign buildings at the St. Louis Exposition, while
in the line of pure fiction and high-class literature by
world famous writers there are several excellent features
to choose from.
First might most properly be mentioned the third in
stallment of Geraldine Bonner's strong California 'novel,
which, though it is fresh from the, press of the pub
lishers, has already created a great furor, so great in
deed that the Sunday Call paid $1000 for the exclusive
Western rights to reproduce it complet.e in five or six
installments. The three pages in the next Sunday Call
tell of Mariposa's rehearsal in the Grand Opera-house
on Mission street in San Francisco, and bring more
complications in the remarkable mixed relationship,
which, notwithstanding it is so thrilling, Miss Bonner
is said to have taken direct from life, and end with
Mariposa's first heart-breaking disillusionment with life
and love. ..'-._ -•' • • , \'- ii}-^-
Next there is "The Wave That Gave Back Its Prey,"
the first of a series of six original sea stories by Albert
Sonnichsen, the young California author, who is just now
the literary., idol of New York. ¦ ' . .
- In competition with this is : Jack London's story of
"The Great Interrogation," wherein the author presents
a problem qfi primitive 'love in the frozen north that is
as painful in its heart interest "as it is fascinating.
Add to all this. the "Recollections "of and ReHections'on
Abraham Lincoln," by Thomas Fitch; the "Early Spring
Sowing of Books," a record of individual opinion -and
criticism, by Robert W. Ritchie; "The Japanese Red
Cross in the Far Eastern* War," illustrated with photo
graphs of these almond-eyed heroines of the battlefield,
and there is presented a magazine of surpassing excel
lence: • - •-• •• • ¦
PICTORIAI.LY the Sunday Call of to-morrow will
be a notable and pleasing example of modern art
in journalism. On the first page of the first sec
tion of the magazine is a full page photograph of Miss
Lillian Spencer as a dainty, Winsome, mystic Geisha girl,
reproduced in multiple colors. Both the pose and the
manner of its presentation are absolutely unique, while
on the first page of the" second section of the magazine
is a splendid collection of four photographs, including
one half life size portrait of the second and only other
prize baby on the Pacific Coast. The history of these
photographs, as well as of the baby herself, is truly
romantic. Indeed, nothing could be more, interesting
than a comparison of this beautiful child with the first
California prize baby, whose pictures were published in
the Sunday Call last Sunday. Both of these front pages
are designed particularly as mural decorations for those
who delight to save and .display" good art work when
shown in novel and fascinating subjects.
Among a series of interesting stories on a page of
"Tithely Topics" is an article that gives a vivid descrip
tion of the excitement that has been created on the
London Stock Exchange by the Russo-Japanese war. It
needs only one glance . at the photograph • that accom
panies this article to >. realize - how all the rest of the
world throbs violently when this remarkable artery of
finance misses even a single pulse beat.
On the. same page is an" article telling what strange
discoveries were made about "fire-proof" safes after the
recent big Baltimore fire, and how the manufacturers are
coping with the "burglar-proof" problem.
The exhibition of wild animals at the St. Louis
World's Fair, which will reveal the very .limit of ingen
uity, is shown in a photograph on the "Scrap Book
Page," wherein a big collection of polar bears are giv
ing a "pink tea" in the open air. \
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
FLOOD— A. S., City. The late James
C. Flood of Bonanza fame was born in
Staten Island, N. Y. His daughter was
born in California.
Answers to Queries.
Joseph. E. Smith, Mormon, of many wives and more
children, protests that the Congress of the United. States
is impertinent and impudently inquisitive in seeking to
inquire into the private affairs of his families. When one
has five wives and forty-two children it is difficult to
conceive how f he ; can construe their affairs as private.
They r^aise themselves to the dignify of a community
and become, as it were, offensively public.
Into the bottom of the trunk place
all these boxes. As they are tightly
filled they may be turned in any way
most convenient with their angles.
Fill interstices where sides do not
come squarely with paper or hosiers',
or anything to make things firm.
The second tray should be devoted
to dresses and waiets. If one has an
elaborate wardrobe she naturally
would carry a wardrobe trunk. In
packing one's dresses it is still well to
remember thtt the closer they lie the
smoother they will be when they come
out. Fold skirts from the top,
doubling them on the gores and mak
ing certxiin that they are smooth as
folded.- By laying the skirt on a bed
the cloth may be smoothed with the
hand «o that no wrinkles are folded
into IL If there are plaits or folds
heed must be given to them, and the
cloth folded to favor them. After the
ekirt is folded lengthwise it should be
doubled once in the middle and placed
in the tray with this fold at the end
of the trunk. That leaves the foot of
the «kirt in the middle of the trunk.
The second skirt Is placed so its fold
comes at the other end of the trunk.
This leaves more space in the middle
tray for waists. Very fancy waists
may be stuffed with tissue paper, but
¦waists and dresses of that kind should
not b«» carried in an ordinary trunk-
Very few persons fill their sleeves with
tissue paper when packing. Usually It
For bric-a-brac F%wdust is better
than excelsior, because it will fit snug
ger, but it Is not to be preferred for
large pieces on account of its weight,
and also because they do not need as
close packing as the smaller articles.
The experienced packer attends to
all this preliminary packing before be
ginning on the trunk. The art in the
whole business lies in having the small
and frail things safely prepared to
stand the jarring and upsetting that is
before them. The burden of the task
comes in these things, and if one is
not strong it is well to take them a
day before the remainder of the pack
ing is done.
To make small space hold much
bear in mind that each box put in the
trunk should hold something, still
carrying out the principle of close
packing. Ribbons and all the femi
nine trinkets should be put where they
will fili otherwise empty spaces. It
does not harm them and does save
them. The rule is as good if one is
packing masculine notions as femi-
There is no family in this restless
country which has not at some time
to struggle with the moving question
and its difficulty of packing so that
"three removes" shall not be "as bad
as a fire." Even among those for
tunates who live in one house all
their lives there 'will "be at some time
a necessity for moving goods and
chattels if only for a sumnier at the
beach, and then those who avoid all
these troubles have trbnks to pack.
No one escapes that.
The whole art of packing well may
be summed up in a few words. It is
this — pack closely. There will never
be breakages when goods are packed
80 tightly that they cannot shake or
move about. The writer, having been
born under a wandering star, has
learned the uncertainties of packing,
and how to circumvent them bv much
experience, and now can pack jars of
preserves and dozens of eggs to be
tarried in an ordinary trunk with per
fect safety, much to the surprise of
kind friends, who say: 'I shall love
to have you take them, but you never
can get them there without breaking."
As packing trunks comes more fre
quently to ordinary mortals than
packing furniture, it may be well to
begin with that for the fln=t lesson.
Nearly all trunks nowadays have two
trays, which is much more conven
ient. Into the bottom of the trunk
should be placed all of the heaviest
things, books, boxes, etc., and as even
ly as possible. Frail articles never
should be packed without being spe
cially wrapped so that if they were
dropped they would be whole after
they struck the floor. For very deli
cate things wrapping in clothing is not
enough. This is good as .far is it
goes, but it does not protect enough.
Crumpled newspapers of soft quality
are better, but best are wisps of hay
If that is to be had, and if not then
excelsior. This must be used gener
ously and the article rolled in it un
til nothing can be seen or felt of its
original condition. When the due
amount of soft wrapping has been
used wrap all in paper or some cloth.
No bottle thus treated will break. It
won't break even if dropped on the
floor before it gets into the trunk.
If one is carrying anything as easily
broken as eggshells or eggshell china
!t may.be taken with perfect safety by
placing it in a box considerably larger
than itself, first covering the bottom of
the box with sawdust. As many
articles may be placed herein as there
is space for wfthout touching each
other. After these have been placed
add more sawdust, every now and then
6haking the box to make the sawdust
pack closely. It is not -possible to
pack by hand as compactly as it will
by shaking — something one will no
tice in a trunk after she has traveled
for a while. This is the' method the
v liter tested when she brought eggs
from Maine to New York without
cracking one.
<t*Oi)jTlcht. 1004. by Joseph B. Bovtefc)
IiY I>OKA MAT MOHREI.K
Hozc to "Pack Up."
"Oh, no," replied the Illinois man.
"The President has filled up the com
mission and slated off all the other
places, and I can't see as there will be
any show for me."
'"I wouldn't be eo sure of that." re
plied Mr. Cullom. "If Teddy makes the
Canal Commission and its employes
stay on the isthmus to do their work,
I think there will soon be a vacancy
for you."
The Illinois man for a moment
thought he saw a ray of hope. As the
force of the remark dawned on him the
ray vanished and all was dark again.
He took a train that night for tEe
West.
*- : - h
called on the Senator and said he
thought he would gt> back to Illinois.
"Don't be In a hurry," said the Sena
tor 1 . "You may be running away from
a good thing."
This time there was no mistake about
it and the recipient of this pair of
stinging awakeners mixed matters with
his assailant. At least he started with
that purpose, but as he struck his first
wild "blow another fist landed on hi*
jaw and sent him to the deck with
starlight in his eyes. Just as he started
to get up a tall, big- boned, black-faced
mate strode toward him. A huge black
hand, heavy as a ham and greasier,
was slapped across his face and the
towering bulk of the sable sailor ruler
descended not too gently upon the
prone figure. '
Sitting on the new member of the
crew and punctuating his words with
more slaos of the ham-like hand the
mate remarked:
"No roush house here, matey. This
is an orderly ship. Go for'ard and be
good or I'll hit you."
Right behind the ear and from a
direction which suggested that his sup
posed friend had administered the blow.
Bing!
I lie had been told when he signed the
shipping articles that placing his name
on the 1 paper was a matter of form,
more for his own protection than any
thing else. ;•; His intention was to make
a trip to the Orient as a sort of as
sistant to the purser. When he found
himself alongside a whaler, her flecks
bustling with signs of an early depart
ure, his suspicions were aroused. He
hesitated about crossing the gangplank.
"Go on. Don't make a fool of your
self," said his conductor, giving him
a little physical assistance shlpward.
"Not for me. That's a whaler. You
don't shanghai this chicken. I'm wise,
I am."
As he spoke he had been crowded
across the plank and his declaration
of independence was finished on the
whaler's deck.
Blng! ...-'
Shanghaied.
Every lynching produces a crop of criticism of the
law and the courts. If the matter is examined it will
be/ found that laxity lies with the juries.) They are
drawn from and represent the body of the people. They
are the representatives of the community in the-, ad
ministration of the law and are the sole judges of the
facts. They are not always carefully selected, but no
doubt Judges and attorneys do as. well as they can." Yet
sometimes relatives of the person on trial get on juries,
and in one case in this State the man who committed
the crime for which another was on trial was a member
of the jury and succeeded in having the innocent man
acquitted. It is plain that if critics of the courts will
look into cases in which justice fails they will find juries,
that is to say, the people themselves, to blame.
In the Ohio lynching appeared another matter for
serious reflection. The cheerful mob which murdered
the negro was foJlowed by an incendiary mob that was
not on. pleasure bent. It fired. the negro quarter of 1 the
town and prevented the Fire Department from going to
the rescue until the; conflagration had done .its work.
The excuse for this act was that the negro quarter was
the shelter of idleness, vice and crime. .
. That_ is_ a serious matter. The Northern born and
raised negrp is noted for his industr3'. thrift and law
abiding spirit. Where negro ' quarters are found in
towns along the Ohio River and elsewhere in the North
they are built up by negro immigrants from the South.
If they: are a menace to community life there is raised
an issue that will not* be decided by burning men at
the stake nor putting the torch to roofs that shelter
women and children. . Jt is an issue that is of interest
to the North. and South, and a problem that they must
work but hand in hand. This must be done by elevating
the negro, not in the: slUshy sentimental sense in which
that term is used, but by^rnaking him a wholesome. factor
in the practical affairs of! the country. .
Booker Washington' sees this issue clearly, and as
clearly states its solution at which he is toiling. Teach
ing the calculus and the catechism will not bring light
into the negro quarters, North or South^ Seeing the
effect of idleness on the white youth of the North, we
should know that neither ethics nor religion can wjth
'stand idleness. Teaching the negro how to work and
make himself sought for his skill and his industry is
the only solution, if there be any.- Booker Washington
is frank in stating the shortcomings of his race and
that is the main source of. his.; power. When a race
and its leaders conclude that.it is perfect and resent
caricature of'its qualities and its follies, there is no hope
for that race. :The professional negroes who attack
Washington and his gospel of work and clean living are
worse enemies of the, negro than the white men who
burn him at the stake. Others should be encouraged
to follow the example and take * up the work of the
founder of Tuskegee. An institution like it in Ohio may
make unnecessary, the purification of negro quarters by
fire.
Our missionary energies are -spent at a long range.
We spend millions in China and Africa and keep, our
Government embroiled . by interference with the civil
institutions of other countries. Why should we spend
millions every year in trying , to solve problems and
mend morals and -manners in ..other countries while we
have this problem on hand at-home? If all the zeal that
is put into making a few doubtful converts to a Chris
tianity that they don't comprehend were put into train
ing negro workers like Washington, to go among their
race in the negro quarters of the North and -the black
belts of the South, to teach the gospel of skill, work,
economy, property, cleanliness and decency, we are of
opinion that mankind would get more benefit than is
gained in carrying the gospel abroad to. people who'
don't want it. .
It is said that in the recent Ohio lynching- there was
a spirit of admonition to* the officers of the law. Whijo
it is but little satisfaction to the fellow who is lynched,
to know that he is merely used as a means of discipline
to men in office, perhaps that 'was the- motive of (the
mob. It is said that many homicides have occurred''in
that county recently 'and juries have been" lax in punish
ing the guilty. Under such circumstances it Would seem
more effective to hang a few jurymen. Instead of this
being done, it is probable that members of 4he slack
juries were in the mob, helping it to do murder" and
cheering the good shots.
LYNCHING, even of negroes for i murder, is not
sectional as between North and -South. In. the
South a majority, of the victims are black, while
in the t North a majority 1 are white, but Northern com
munities enjoy lynching a negro as much as any in the
South. The recent mob in. Ohio had all; the characteris
tics of mobs everywhere, but is reported to 'have been
more enthusiastically cheerful- than sucli .'crowds.^usually
are. The good shots, at the victim were cheered, and
there was a picnic air" abroad that relieved the gloom
of the proceeding. This differs from the Southern way.
Down there the shadow of a solemn duty is cast over
a lynching, and men go to it grimly andi without;" a
smile. So, it may be said that in the North lynching
is an amusement and in the South a ceremony; J \
LYNCHING NOT SECTIONAL.
A map of America, which was re
ponsible for the naming of the New
World for Americus Vespucci, instead
of calling it Columbia in honor of
Christopher Columbus, will be one of
the interesting relics exhibited .at the
World's Fair from the Vatican. .The
map was made at the town of St. Die,
Lorraine, by Martin Waldseemuller,
and was recently found by Professor
Fisher. In preparing a • map of the
world, as It was then known, Waldsee
muller happened across a letter from
Americus Vespucci to. his patron, Lo
renzo de Medici, dated 1501, in which
he referred to, the newly discovered con
tinent- Waldseemuller marked . this
practically unknown terra flrma Amer
ica, as he had first heard of it through
Americus Vespucci. The latter prob
ably never knew that the new land had
been called by his name, and it was
not his fault that Columbus did not re
ceive the honor due for making the
discovery. . ; v*/
Americus' Map
Furniture well packed will bear much
freighting without getting scratched or ;
marred, and If it is well wrapped it is j
ready for the man who will crate < it. >
Each crate should be numbered so that \
it may be seen at once what It was j
made for. It may serve many times if ;
taken care of and if one is likely to
move often.
When an artic'f is expensive and
cannc-t be packed In barrel or box, but
must be cralec". by itself, it will be
much safer to crate tt so that it shows
what it is, for then it is handled care
fully. A large Japanese vase was
crated without any cover," care being
taken that no part of its surface was
even with the outside of the crate, and
it has taken two long trips without the j
slightest harm. The handlers, seeing 1
its worth and beauty, lifted it -instead
of throwing it, as they otherwise would
have dc-ne. It was crated as carefully
as possible, but not wrapped. * i
The only safe way of carrying pic
tures is to have a case made for them
so that each. touches nothing else, but
if one does not care to do this,' there
is reasonable safety in putting them
in a big box, first wrapping each sep
arately in papers and then placing lay
ers of excelsior, or hay, which is softer,
between them. Under any measure of
decent treatment there should be no i
trouble with them if thus packed. j
There is a very decided difference in |
the bill for freightage if advantage is
taken of all these spaces, and it Is quite J
as well to make the most of them as !
to waste one's money on needless boxes
and crates, which all add to the ex
pense of shipping. '
In shipping furniture it is very neces
sary to~wrap it so that it will not be
scratched, for one who sends goods by
freight is always prepared to assert
that no care is taken, in hattdlinfTi it*
whether that is true or not, so it is
well to prepare for the worsL Every
particle of woodwork should be cov
ered with papers and then with burlap
over everything. This is beside the
crates which are made for. the wrapped
articles.
"• • •
By no means empty the drawers. On
the t contrary Jill every one. Many
kitchen supplies if properly wrapped
may be thus carried. A two-foot statu- j
ette was safely packed between the j
four legs of an old-fashioned sewing i
table, which had to be crated. There
was ample space for the statuette,
which went wrapped in quilts under
paper and burlaps. • ...
The upper tray remains for hats and
anything else. Most trunks have boxes
for hats, but' where there are none it
is easy to make the hats safe by tying
them in with tape. It is a' simple mat
ter to catch the tapes where wanted
by means of small tacks.
Boots should be thoroughly dusted
before packing, and then, being in good
order, should be wrapped in cloth bags.
This protects them and makes it safe
to place them in any part of the trunk.
There Is nothing more hurt by pack
ing than books. Even with the best of
rare their backs will wear off and their
bindings loosen. One who loves books
well will put corners of each cover into
protecting triangles, which any book
dealer should be able to provjde, and If
each book is wrapped in "manfla paper
that willalso prevent much of the wear
and injury. If one has a large library
by all means have boxes made of a size
to hold books of the same height. When
one is packing he is quite likely to wish
that ail books were of a bigness ex
ternally, for it is very difficult to make
500 books of varying length' and thick
ness lie together smoothly, as they
must or have crumpled leaves.
When it comes to packing furniture
the method followed by the profes
sional is quite different from that of
the amateur, naturally enough, as the
professional has no interest in lessening
the weight and the corresponding
freight rates. Crating most things is
necessary and will be found an econ
omy In the. saving of wear on the goods,
but two chairs may be boxed seat to
seat and thus save something. Unless
one puts the whole thing in the hands
of a professional it will be necessary to
get everything ready for boxing. Chairs
may be placed as stated, separating
them by papers, .and in the squares
made "by the legs may be packed bed
ding, sofa pillows, anything of that
nature, and over all there must be a
layer of paper and then one of burlap,
made tight. This protects the- furniture
and its contents.
is enough to lay them one on another,
first making sure that they are smooth
when laid.
r If the arresting officer had shown a weapon and
threatened its use in such way as to put his prisoner jn
peril,, from which there was no escape except by .killing
'the officer first, the element of self-defense was properly
in the case and the instruction was right. But, lacking
these ;.facts, such an instruction was outside the testi
mony, and is calculated to hinder the enforcement of the
law by equipping those who break it with a defense if
they murder the officers' who execute it.
: .We do? not wish to be put in the catalogue of those
who /make, it; a business to criticize courts. We do not
impugn the; ability nor impeach the independence of the
Tulare ¦ Judge. We merely say w"hat we think of the
danger, of-.: extending the plea. of. self-Befense to' justify
the^killing of ah officer ; in the discharge of his duty. It
is.the\busine*s of the; courts to protect the executive
officers of the' law, those to whom falls the task of re
straining the turbulent and restricting the criminal, and
anything that makes their duty more difficult and in
creases its danger is to be avoided. ¦>
voked -demonstration jthat puts the life of the arrested
person in peril he may defend it. But in the Janes case
there was no such v testimony. As stated by the papers,
the officer did not even show a weapon, and we -find no
evidence that -be had a weapon on his person when he
was killed. Under such circumstances it is surely the
prerogative of a Judge to . refuse instructions for the
defense' that "have ..no 'foundation in the facts as proved
by, the testimony. : ¦ . '•¦.-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL; SATURDAY,;; MARCH 12, 19Qi.
THE SAN FR^GISiGO CALL
., :~ i£ ¦¦...¦¦¦/ .¦¦¦¦¦ - . . : ; — •..¦..,...•;¦ ¦ ,; : -¦¦V-- " '.:.:,:. .-;:.¦.
JOHN D, SPRECKELS, Proprietor '..... ./. ..> ..'... Address AU Commanications to JOHN McNAUGHT. Manager
• " • • • ' i ' ¦ " ;•; ; .. -. ¦¦ ¦ ... . . .^. rz
Publication Office <J^S^^^> • .Third and Market Streets, S. P.
SATURDAY. '. !.......... . . . . .. .MARCH 12. 1904
INSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8For assaulting Coroner Leland on a
Haight street car Thursday evening,
L. C. Kefter, gripman, was . before
Judge Fritz yesterday. His case was
continued one week.
Fifty-three men charged with play
ing poker at the Tahoe Club, 101
O'Farrell street, are held to plead be
fore Judge Cabaniss next Monday.
Adolph Franzini, alleged proprietor of
the so-called club, it held on the charge
of conducting a gaming house. The
raid was made night before last by Po
lice Captain Duke and a posse.
• * *
battery, fast driving and neglecting to
equip his peddler's wagon with a num
ber to indicate that the vehicle was duly
licensed To all of them Barney pleaded
not guilty, and in explanation of thu
latter one he stated that his wagon had
been inscribed with a number until the
rainstorm of Wednesday night obliter
ated H. The Court pronounced him
guilty of each offense and he will be
sentenced to-day.
Charles Read, an employe of
Thompson's Soda Water Works, died
in the German Hospital yesterday of
gangrene caused by an injury received
by him last Tuesday in an accident at
the works.
Charles Read Succumbs.
Succumbs to Pneumonia.
OAKLAND, March 11.— Mrs. Geor
giana L. Beebee, mother of Mrs. Henry
Butters of this city and Mrs. Geor
giana L-. Schell' of San Francisco, died
this afternoon at the Butters resi
dence in Piedmont. • ,
Mrs: Beebee was born in New York
in 1820, and she would have been 81
years old on March 24. I She was a
daughter of Samuel "Woodworth^ au
thor of "The Old Oaken Bucket." Mrs.
Beebee came to California in 1S61. re
siding In San Francisco until ten years
ago.
Funeral services will be held to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock at the
Butters residence, thence to the chapel
at St. Mary's Cemetery. The Rev.
Thomas McSweeney, pastor of St.
Frances de Sales Church, will officiate.
Death of Contractor.
OAKLAND, March 11.— Lawrence
Kehoe, a well-known street con
tractor, died at his home, 859
Twentieth street, this morning at
the age of 51 years. He leaves a
widow and four children — Mary B.,
Louise M., Christopher C. and- Mar
garet E. Kehoe. The funeral will take
place on Monday from St. Francis de
Sales Church. .
Mexico to Have Humane Society.
Senor Lie. Ignacio Sepulveda, a
prominent Mexican lawyer, has asked
the local Humane Society to furnish
him with information in regard to its
methods of work, to the end that he
may establish a similar organization
in the City of Mexico. Secretary Hol
brook has complied with the request
and has arranged to^ give such addi
tional' help as Is possible. from time
to time.
The body will be incinerated at Los
Angeles, after which Mrs. Doyle and
her daughter will return to San Fran
cisco. '
"For the last few years Doyle had
been an invalid from heart trouble and
had gone south to live, thinking that
the change of climate might restore his
health. . _ He was chief engineer for
thirty-six years, a large part of which
time was spent on the Pacific Coast..
Seven years ago he was assigned to
special duty In this city, which position
he held until December last, when he
resigned and left for the south. '
James Augustine Doyle, chief en
gineer 'in the United States revenue
service, died at Coronado last Tuesday,
a victim of heart disease. :
Officer of Revenue Cutter
. Service Is Victim of
Heart Disease. !
CHIEF ENGINEER, REVENUE
CUTTER SERVICE. WHO
DIED AT CORONADO.
J HONOLULU, March 5.— An appeal
has been taken by the Attorney Gen
eral's Department from a decision ren
dered by Judge Gear that Oahu Prison
is' a penitentiary. This appeal is im
portant in order to settle whether It is
necessary to keep the Grand Jury in
continuous session throughout terms of
the Circuit Court for the indictment of
all sorts of petty offenders. Judge
Gear held that imprisonment in Oahu
Jail is an infamous punishment and
that indictments are therefore re
quired in all cases where the defend
ants are liable to such imprisonment.
This decision was on a petition for a
writ of habeas corpus, which the Su
preme Court has held to be appealable
by the Territory.'
STATUS OF OAHU . ., ,
PRISON* IS AN ISSUE
Suits for divorce were filed by James
D. Rowland against Gertrude M. Row
land for desertion; Annie ; E. Addison
against Emsley Addison for desertion;
Annie L. Knight against Alonzo S.
Knight for neglect, and Charles A.
Swaeggert against Barbara Swaeggert
for cruelty.
A suit for the annulment of the
marriage of Hugo Fuchs to Mary
Fuchs was filed yesterday by Fuchs. He
alleges that in 1884, when they were
married, the defendant had a husband
living, from whom she had never been
divorced.
Thomas Butler, the contractor who is
b'elng sued for maintenance by his wife,
received a scoring at the hands of
Judge Hebbard yesterday, the court
telling him that unless he refrained
from violating the order preventing
him from calling upon or bothering
Mrs. Butler he would be sent to jail.
Butler promised he would be good and
also promised to pay his wife $100 to
defray the cost of her_ living expenses
pending the determination of the suit.
Anna von Staden, who secured a di
vorce from George von Staden Thurs
day, was yesterday declared by Judge
Murasky to be the owner of bank de
posits amounting to $28,000 that were
claimed by Von Staden. The money
has been the subject of numerous suits
brought by various of the
Von Staden family.
Lavina G. Brown, who secured a di
vorce from Frederick H. Brown in
March, .1903, wants the alimony award
ed her at that time increased to $300
a month.. She says that Brown recently
inherited $100,000 from his father and
can well afford to pay- the amount.
She says further that she needs that
sum for the care and maintenance of
herself and the two children awarded
to her custody in the decree.
Decrees of divorce were granted to
Ernestine Spurjn from Isidore Spunri
for cruelty and Clara Maud Evans
from Edwin W. Evans for neglect. '¦
A suit for the annulment of marriage
was filed by John Clark against Lucy
Clark. He claims that when he mar
ried her at Spokane in April, 1902, she
was insane.
An umbrella worth 522, a wedding
ring worth $6. two dresses worth $100,
a mirror worth $14' and about $140 in
money constitute the giftc made by
Edward K. Clarke, the capitalist, to
Rosalind H. Bower-Clarke, the "sweet
pea" girl, during the days just prior to
their hasty marriage at Alameda. .At
least such is the claim of Mrs. Clarke
in an affidavit filed by her yesterday
in Judge Seawall's court : during the
hearing of her motion for, alimony
pending in Clarke'B suit" to annul his
marriage. The court took the matter
under advisement.
Increase in Alimony Asked
by" Former Wife of Man
Who Was Left Inheritance
DENVER, March 11.— A petition' for
divorce filed in the District Court of
Big Horn County, Wyoming, January
9 last by Colonel W. F. Cody ("Buffalo
Bill") has just been made public. The
complaint' charges cruelty and alleges
that on December 26. 1900, Mrs. <• Cody
attempted to poison the plaintiff] An
other ground , on which i the plaintiff
asks a decree is that the marital rela
tion has been made, intolerable 'to him
by his. wife's refusal to entertain his
friends at his former . home in North
Platte, Neb.- '
Mrs. Cody, who is at North Platte,
denied her husband's charges, and will
contest the suit. Colonel and Mrs. Cqdy
were marri'.d at St. Louis March 6,
1866. v - ;
Mrs. Cody Denies All the
of Complaint
and Will Contest the Suit
The remnant of Robert Lane's brain
Master Zanich was positive that the
eg? struck him and woefully bespat
tered .his Sunday Jacket, but he could
not conscientiouslj' say that he saw
the missile hurled. He and the other
church-going boy were so deeply en
gaged in their discussion of the sermon
that the arrival of the egg came as
a complete shock, and when they
sought to discover the source of its
flight they saw Harry McCarthy and
Roy Griggs and the unknown little
boy sitting in a buggy and laughing
heartily at them. So they concluded
that the egg had been hurled from the
buggy, but from whose hand it had
flown they could not exactly determine.
The defendants earnestly and af
frightedly pleaded not guilty, and the
court averted an avalanche of "char
acter testimony" fey continuing the
case for a month.
Bad little boys and good little boys
from Alabama street were numerous
yesterday in % the court of Cabaniss,
trhere Harry McCarthy, Roy Griggs
and another little boy. name unknown,
Ftood accused of breaking the last
Sabbath and the peace by casting an
egg of uncertain age at C. Zanich and
another little boy. name not disclosed,
as the latter were returning from
church and discussing the doctrinal
discourse with which they had been re
galed. Several adult relatives of the
little boys were also present as guar
dians or witnesses.
It was infatuation of the man for the
•woman that led to the arrest of An
drew C. Love, a private in the Coast
Artillery, and his arraignment yester
day before Judge Conlan on a charge of
threatening to kill Lena Lucas, a
dancer in an Eddy street temple of
t^rpsichore. And in this case, too, re
luctance to prosecute will probably re
pult in acquittal, for the woman did
not appear in court at all.
According to the tales \o\& by Miss
Lucas to witnesses Love met her while
phe was plying her vocation, and after
tripping a few measures with her he
gave her his heart. But there was no
reciprocal affection, although the sol
dif-r pressed his suit with ardor. When
unable to visit the object of his adora
tion he deluged the mails^with epistles
to her. in which assurances of his im
perishable love alternated with solemn
threats to slay her and hUnself if she
did rwt respond to his petition. These
amatory and intimidatory missires ut
terly failed of intended effect, how
ever. Lena continued to treat Andrew
as a brother only, despite the glamour
of his brass button*. • until his love be
came adulterated with anger. Then, at
8 p. m. on March S. he visited her
apartment and pitilessly cut one of her
best gowns to ribbons. That aroused
her. She sought police aid and he was
arrested.
Just 'why Miss Lucas failed to ap
pear to prosecute was not disclosed
in court, but about a dozen sons of
Mars were there to prove an alibi for
the defendant. They swore that at the
time of the alleged gown-mutilation
Love was at the Presidio; that he re
tired to his bunk at 10 o'clock p. m..
and remained there until reveille, and
that he has always been of good char
acter since he became a soldier. Among
those who 60 testified were Lieutenant
Victor C. Lewis. Sergeant R. P. Coe
and a number of Love's comrades.
The case was continued till to-day,
when the woman probably will be in
court.
In the court of Judge Fritz yesterday
it came to light that Mrs. Fritag had
hinted to Akers her desire that he ob
tain employment and earn enough
money to defray their Joint current ex
l*?ntej«, as her capital was limited and
rapidly dwindling. . Instead of accept
ing the suggestion in the considerate
spirit that prompted It, Akers vio
lently assaulted the woman, grabbed
her purse and left the room. She in
formed the police of her loss, and a few
hours later they found Akers in her
apartment and apparently on most
friendly terms with her. In one of his
rockets was the stolen purse, and only
a few dollars of the cash had been
spent by the man. He was taken into
custody despite the woman's protest
that she had forgiven his offense, and
in court yesterday the infatuateh crea
ture showed such reluctance to testify
against him that the prosecuting attor
ney had the case continued.
Mrs. Fritag is a pretty woman about
23 years of age, and Akers Is a big,
strapping fellow. When asked if he
had caused the breaking of her home
in Fresno Mrs. Fritag smiled bitterly
and replied, "Well. I guess he did."
Akers does not seem to be much wor
ried over h!s plight.
Mrs. Elizabeth Fritag was dwelling
In amity with her husband, Michael, a
saloon-keeper at Fresno, when Stone
r^s" Akers, a cement worker, entered
their bone 83 a boarder and alienated
her effectlons. The husband soon as
certained the situation and philosophic
ally made the best of it Instead of
either pleading or shooting, he disposed
of his business, gave his wife $1000 and
quietly disappeared. With the money
and her paramour Mrs, Fritag came to
San Francisco, and the couple were at
the Winchester Hotel last Thursday
when the man wa« arrested on the
woman's complaint that he had robbed
her of bank papers worth $350 and
cash to the amount of $44 40.
In, Judge Conlan's courts there were
three charges against Barney Smithr-
Judge Mocan increased to $4000 the
bond of John Hamilton, charged with
having fired two pistol bullets through
the glass door of John Larsen's dwell
ing, 3684 Eighteenth street, on the
evening of March 7. Hamilton's wife
had left him and cone to live. at .the
home of Larsen, who is her brother-in
law, and Hamilton followed her while
he was intoxicated. After being eject-'
ed from the house by Larsen, Hamil
ton fired the shots. The amount of his
bond was increased because, since his
arrest* he threatens to kill his wife
as soon as he can find. opportunity to
do so. Testimony for the defense will
be heard next Monday.
Haneen appeared with his head
swathed in bandages. He is a diminu
tive Scandinavian sailor, and Foley
and Brown are strapping big follows,
yet they confessed they could only sub
due the pugnacious little chap by club
bing his cranium.. Mrs. Hansen show
ed no physical evidence of the rough
usage to which she alleged the police
men had subjected her.
Mrs. Hansen was severely scored by
the Judge for her fiat denial of every
allegation made by the complaining
policemen. She swore that she had
never tasted Intoxicating liquors in her
life, that she had not interfered with
the officers when they arrested her
husband, and that one of them had
wantonly knocked her down. When
shown a blue coat ripped from collar
to tail she swore that she had not torn
it, although the policemen swore as
positively that she did.
"I don't believe your testimony,"
said the Judge to the woman. "In fact
I believe that you have deliberately
committed perjury. Your husband
seems to have been less to blame for
resisting the officers than you were,
for when he showed a willingness to
yield vou urged him to fight."
low you to call your witnesses now."
The attorney said he would defer
calling witnesses until to-day, when he
will present them to obtain mitigation
of sentence.
Judge Mogan decided that August
Hansen and his "wife Lizzie disturbed
the peace of Welch street last Sunday
and also assaulted and battered Po
licemen Foley and Brown, as alleged
by those officers, and postponed sen
tence till to-day. Whereupon Attorney
Walter Gallagher entered vigorous pro
test, hinting that the defendants had
not been given opportunity to produce
witnesses to substantiate their denial
of the charges, and expressing regret
that he had not moved for a Jury trial.
"Well, I will suspend proceedings and
allow you to have a jury trial," said
the Judge, "or, if you prefer, I will al-
John Muir proved possession of a
very unreliable memory when he testi
fied before Judge Mogan. He could
not remember anything about having
eaten and refused to pay for a meal
in a Fourth-street restaurant, nor had
he any recollection whatever of hav
ing aimed a blow .at the restaurateur's
nose and smashed a window instead;
but his mind was perfectly clear on
the point that when arrested he had
$15 in his pocket, whereas only $4 75
was entered to his credit on the City
Prison register. At the conclusion of
his recital of what he had remembered
to forget, or had forgotten to remem
ber, John Muir dramatically pointed
the index finger of his right hand at
Police Officer Flood, who had run him
in, and exclaimed, "Where is my
money?"
"John, your case is continued until
you can get some of the kinks out of
your tangled memory," said the court.
Medora Ford, of tan complexion, is
held in Judge Mogan's court for con
ducting an opium den at 2& Hinckley
alley, and Leopold Campus, of muddy
visage, stands accused of being an in
mate of the place. Police Corporal
Fryer and Officer Morton testified that
they raided the house, and' that Me
dora held them at bay by keeping the
door shut until several white women
escaped through the rear windows.
When they finally obtained entrance
they found only Mr. Campus, who was
too heavily laden with dope to effect
a rapid retreat. The internal atmos
phere was almost stifling, the police
men said, and a complete opium smok
ing layout was found and seized. Me
dora and Leopold will be sentenced to
day.
Kittle Ford and May Johnson treated
their arrest for vagrancy as a joke
until Judge Conlan sentenced them to
three months' imprisonment. Then Kit
tie screamed' and swooned and May
shed many 'tears.
The women grave bail for their ap
pearance in court yesterday, and while
waiting there they chatted and laughed
and occasionally retired for liquid re
freshments- They were on, one of these
excursions when their case was called
and when they returned their bail had
been forfeited. In Ignorance of w*rat
had happened during tlieir absence
they resumed their seats among the
spectators and were giggling at each
other, when the eye of the court lighted
upon them and they were called to
the front. It< was the apparent con
tempt in which they held the law and
its tribunal that probably prompted the
Judge to hand them such a heavy pun
ishment.
Miss Ford's swoon was succeeded by
an exhibition of hysterics that had not
concluded when she entered the eleva
tor and was hoisted to the "tanks."
Miss Johnson's grief, although less
demonstrative, was undoubtedly as
deep seated as that of Miss Ford.
was clogged with opium fumes when
he entered the Suey Keh restaurant,
In Bartlett alley, and picked up four
small china dishes which his distorted
fancy had transformed into golden
double eagles. Whistles were blown,
of course, and the responding . police
man found the four little dishes .in
Robert's possession. • , * .
"I took them for a josh," said Robert
to Judge Mogan.
"Which proves that, your mind is in
need of renovation," retorted the Judge.
"To-morrow I'll prescribe the rest cure
for it."
BROWNS AGAIN IN COURT
HIS ,FBIENDS SNUBBED
."Sweet .Pea" Girl Says Capi
talist Only Gave Her a
Few* Things of Any Value
Commences Action to Secure
Divorce, Charging Cruelty
and Attempted Poisoning
He Alienates Her Affsctions From Her Husband
and Breaks Up Her Home-She Relents After
Having Him Arrested on Charge of Larceny
CLARKE'S GIFTS
ARE ENUMERATED
BUFFALO BILL
SUES HIS WIFE
WOMAN RELUCTANT TO PROSECUTE
MAN WHO ATTACKS AND ROBS HER
CHIEF ENGINEER
JAMES A. DOYLE
DIES SUDDENLY
THE SAN FRANXISGG CALL, SATURDAY. MXRCH. 12; 190i.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
G&APS-OT7TS.
AMXTFEMENTS.
T^r7g~hall
THIS (BAT.) ATTEBHOOH AT 3
Homer Davenport
LAST TALK WITH SKETCHES
i"THE POWER OF A CARTOON"
. 20 Sknches Distributed Amons: the Audience.
Seats $1. 75c and 6Oc. at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s
!"NewZealand"
Four Chats on This Interesting Country
' By KATE JANI3CH
With Movtnr Pictures and Colored Views
Xext Mondajr, Wednesday. Friday Nights. Mar.
j 14, JO. 18. Matlnte Friday. 18th. Seats 50c.
I 75c, $1. Box Of Hce Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
haroleTbauer
NEXT TUESDAY NIQHT
NEXT WEDNESDAY MAT.
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMMES.
Seats Now Ready at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
DDIfVC Evenings 75c, $1. $130
i rl\K/...> Matinee " 50c. $1. $1 50
To-Morrow(Sun.)Aft.— 34 Kopta "Pop"' Concert
CALIFORNIA
| jgf* THIS WEEK. B^h
'W . MATINEE TO-DAY.
I DANIEL SULLY I
Kg .Presenting His Latest Success. H
I THE CHIEF JUSTICE I
H By FITZGERALD MURPHY. H
TO-KOBSOW -NIGHT. ft
MR. SULLY in His Last Season's §
. - Success, . g
m THE OLD MILL STREAM. |
COLUMBIA SSZSl
* ...MATINEE TO-DAY...
. TO-NIGHT, SUNDAY NIGHT AND
ALL NEXT WEEK j
John C. Fisaer's rrnp Most Magnificent
Stupendous I fl r ut All M'laical
. Presentation. a*m*J Ccmedy Productions.
i SILVER
j SLIPBER
; with SAMUEL COLLINS
j Tbe Sensational , Champasne Dance.
! March 21— MARY MANNEKING.
i £ : .
: A T n A rj A T\ Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAn ebsss
. ' General Manager.
TO-NIGHT — Mats. To-Day and Sns.
Roeenf eld's Merry Comedy of the- Tyrol.
AT THE WHITE I sr
[HORSE TAVERN I ifeu
Kvks.. 25c to TSc. Mats.. Sat. A Sun.. 23c to 30c
NEXT MONDAY— WAGNER'S MUSIC PLAY.
PARSIFAL
First Time In Dramatic Form.
¦ Beautiful Effects — Orchestra of Twenty.
SALE NOW IN PROGRESS.
Sp'l Prices: Evgs., 25c to (1: Mats., 25c to 73c
No One Seated at Parsifal After 8 p.m.
0 E NTR AL' M £&?*
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
» I
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Magnificent Production of the Everlasting:
Favorite of Old and Youne,
RIP VAN WINKLE
HBBSCHEIi MAYAX.I. U BZP.
DDfrCC EVENINGS 10c to 50c
rMlvEd MATINEES 10c. 15c. 25c
8T. PATRICK'S WEEK.. MARCH 1A. }%*
The Greatest of Irish Dramas.
SHAMUS O'BRIEN
Just | Plain
A | Proposition t
COME AND SEE
THE ROUNDERS
Great Musical Comedy.
"All Star" Cast. Most Beautiful Chorus.
Funny to the Last.
If not as represented, then you need never
patronize our house again. .
OUR "ALL STAR" CAST.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights/ 23c. 60c and
TSc Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23c and
ROe. Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
Racing !p§|^! Bating I
OAKLAND JIACE : TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
Racing Each .Week. Day. Rain or Shin*.
Six op More Races Daily.
. Races commence at 2:15 p. m. aharp.
For special train* stoppln* at the track taka
6. P. Ferry, foot of' Market street, at 12. 12:3a.
1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking In last two
cars, which are . reserved . for ladles and their
escorts.' ¦ l
¦ Returning » trains - leave trtcfc at 4:10 and
4:45 «z<d immediately after the last rice.
* THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. Prealdent.
PERCTW." TREAT. Secretary.- :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE WEEKLY CALL, $1 PER YEAR
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most bear
V Fac-simile Signature of /^^^^l^/
SICK HEADACHE. Wh I \f F EJ
7jB$f%T\ TORPID LIVER. |J^jj ¦ ¦¦ »^
/%m$ \\ FURRED TONGUE.ftgf _^ ¦ ¦ #•%
[M/ifl jp& INDIGESTION §g§| §3 1 H_ § EH
%? UJ CONSTIPATION iE-3___
SALLOW SKIN "HMiaaBHMBaMfflHiESfflB
¦ i % m h • i r~\ 8m * l! Pllf *
. Th.v touch «. L I V E R i '££ tZ.
Genuine Wrapper Printed on ¦ j»
BED PAPER BLACK LETTERS Sj&r^ JZEZ^^^S
Look for Che Signature
Look at Hie Brand!
Walter Baker's
Cocoa and
Chocolate
The FINEST in the Wotid
! Costs Less than One Cent a Giip
Forty Highest. Awards in Europe
and America
Walter Baker&Go.Ltd.
Established 1780 Dorchester, Mass.
|^ PARKER'S
HHLfi Hair
liB Balsam :
jPromotea tSe growth of the hair tad !
? gives it tlio lustre and sllldneaa of youth. ;
S When the fralr Is gray or laded IS <
t BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. <
i It prevents Dandruff and hair faniwy !
\ and keeps the scalp clean and healthy. \
Paiarp don't tail to
1 aiaWW iee beautiful
j COURT Lounging
ntifl room, the EMPIRE
ailll PARLOR, th.
r j PALM ROOM, th«
lirana louisxvpar.
Ui ailU LOR, tnd the LA-
n J. 1 „ DIES' WRITING
Hotels I room.
Every Woman
W^flAXWH MARVEL Whirling Spray
yVyW^g^rlBS^ «jt-Mo« Conrenlent.
«rt t««r annui £r:t, v>. ¦ fMs*~mr<Gr>'* m '
lfh«<MnnoUupi>l7th<J £> j_
MABVKJU accept no •¦• .^•^ r Tfe • *}iafifegr~
other, bat send stamp for n- -.^V M *"%Zifaf
Instmtod book-«»«i«a.It gtres - - Aft, / " .**Sr\
full particulars mid directions la- °iu;#r.«^ - U
valuable to ladies. MA RVBL CO.. '
Tiices Bulldin*.. New: Yorf ¦ '¦/ ¦- .
DIREGTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE ; HOUSES.
laialogue and Price Llsti iaalldi
on Application- \
7BESH KTSra SAI.T MEATS. \
'" 1 1 C ~M AVEC '* V*ft '!^ Shipping - Butch«r». ' 103
JAj.PUIEjttUJ.CUy. T<H. Mate 13»4.
" OILS.. "\ '-'• "•-:¦¦¦:¦
LUBRICATINO OlLSr LEONARD A KLUB,
- 418 Front «l: 8. F. Phone :Mata 1T1».
..'' FRXHTXHO. ; ¦¦••."*
L C. HUGBES, 611 tsanaome su, 8. r.
• AJTrJSEMENTS.
INGLESIDE
OPEN STAKE.
Saturday and Sunday
March 12 and 13.
Coursing t.-HI begin at 11:30 Saturday and
11 a- m. Sunday.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $1000
i All Misstcn-strset cars transfer to Outrrero
cars, iriilch ko direct to the park.
THOMAS T1F.RNEY. Jud«e.
EDWARD SHORTSTAO. Slipper.
A BIG, NEW SHOW!
Barrows-Lnncaster Company; Poet-
tinger's SwctUsh Ladles' Quintet;
Ferguson and Mack: Glllo's Artesto;
Lowe-Hughes Duo, and Orphenm
Motion Pictures. Last times of Nir-
vana ami her Statac Horse, "Loki":
Carlin and Otto, and Al Anderson
and Bill Brig^s.
Regular Matinee* every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c. 29o
and 50c.
Tl\/ni I OPERA
5 IVULI HOUSE.
MATXNEE TO-DAT AT 3:15.
SECOND WEEK and Tremendous SucceM of
Johann Strauss' Masterpiece.
THE
Gypsy Baron
A Romantic Opera In Three Acts.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN ENGLISH OT
SIG. DOMENICO RUSSO
The Favorite Tenor.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
Beginning Monday, March 21, MR. P1CKWICX
Usual Popular Prices 23c. 30c and 73c
Box Seats $1.00
BEGINNING MONDAY, MARCH 21.
¦rgS; .[Mary of
rlSKB Magdala
SEAT SALE MONDAY 9 A. M.
Prices, 50c, 75c, $!, Si. 50, $2.
RICE ANcTeLMER,
KELLY AND VIOLETTE
AMD A GBEAT SXOW__
Every Afternoon aad Evenlasr In tltf
Heated Taeater.
SEE THE INTERESTING BABIES IN THI
INFANT INCUBATORS.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
j Take a Trip DOWN THE FLUME.
Admission, 10c: Children, 3c-
When Phcnln^. Aslc for "The Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS.
Hello? Yes!
This is the laundry you want. You
have called up the right one for 'good
work. -Yes; we call for and deliver
goods. Yes; our prices are no higher
than those charged for considerably
poorer work. Yes; we want your or-
- No saw edces.
UNITED STATJES LAUNDBY,
1004 KABKET STS2ST.
T«l«nhon« Botrtn 430.
¦7 • \\ GET WM&T
RAnS^ 1^ you asic
r NS^vCVl^v FOR— THE
I The most wonderful record In all hlstory-merlt made It. Advertising has
a served to make CASCARETS known, but the greatest advertisement ever
m printed could do no more than get a person to try CASCARETS once/ Then
? comes the test, and if CASCARETS did not prove their merit there would
» not be a sale of over A MILLION BOXES A MONTH. ' This success has been
m made by the kind words of our friends. No one who tries CASCARETS
Q falls to be pleased and talk nicely about them. CASCARETS are easiest to
a buy. to carry, to take, to glve-THE PERFECT HOME MEDICINE. They are
H. a perfect cure for Constipation, Appendicitis, Biliousness. Sour Stomach/
m Sick Headache. Bad Breath. Bad Blood. Pimples. Piles, Worms and all bowel :
»I diseases. Genuine tablet stamped C C C.-;, NEVER SOLD IN BULK. All
a druggists: lOc. 25c. 5Oc. Sample and booklet free. ;..... ,.,'/.
M Address.STERLING REMEDY CO., Chicago or New York.
H rna , C AN P^ CATHARTIC ¦¦¦¦i>mTrffifl^^^
I ANNUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES
|^ Greatest In the World «s
I "The Road .1
I to Wellville" I
S a book for the people I
n Over 19 million ooplen in circulation. I
ll Miniature copy in each pkg;, of H
J! Grape-Nuts ' |
If and Postum I
jyfC^^TI?^*^^'^7 *M r f ft»MEMBERS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF.
CALIFORNIA ( BASEBALL TEAM IN
CHARACTERISTIC ATTITUDE. .
.The temporary injunction issued re
straining the. Chief of Police from 'in-'
terf ering with GrayT Bros.' possession
of premises nbjrth of Castro streetvwas
continued in force. by. Judge Hebbard
yesterday. . He overruled the ,demur
rer of the city to the r suit of -the con-1
tractors for a permanent injunction. '?'
Gray, Brothers Win" Suit. ;
Lohman is conditioning the Oaklanders
at Bakersneld.
As an eye opener before the season,
we will have a little setto with a big
league team this year in the shape of
the Chicago nationals. It is years since
such a thing happened In this city, and
of course. every fan. who follows the
game will want to go to the park next
Saturday. and Sunday and see just how
the home lads will do when they face
the stars who are due to shine with a
glimmer in : the Windy City this year.
If San Francisco can win a game from
Hart's spellbinders, the fans will sure-,
ly • fte satisfied. Even if they make a
good showing no one will complain.
The regular season willopen Thursday,
the 24th inst.; with bright prospects for
Hank Harris. : mmS82*m&&&tilB
Accused Murderers in Court.
Three men accused of tHe crime of
murder were in court yesterday ; for
arraignment. Leon Soeder, charged
with killing his brother-in-law, Joseph
Blaise, was in Judge Cook's court, but
by consent his arraignment was con
tinued tillMarch 21. Giovanni Fossa
and Wong Sang Lung .were in Judge
Lawlor's court • Both cases were cohV
tinued till to-day. Fossa is accused of
killing Vincenzo Lavagnino on June
2 and the- Chinese with killing' Joe
YungYot on February 9. •
Rehearing Is Denied.
The Supreme Court has denied the
petition for a rehearing in the case
of Rut>erich vs. Baehr and it is there
fore am established law that creditors
may attach the salaries' of public of
ficers for judgment debts. Constitu
tional officers are not affected by the
ruling. .. ;.: • ;
Idora Park, Oakland, will be the scene
of two matches- of association football
to-morrow. At 1 p. m. the ball will be
kicked oft in the match between the In
dependent eleven and the Pickwick
team. This Is one of the regular series
for the championship of the California
Association Football League, and was
postponed from Sunday, January 10, on
account of the bad condition of the
grounds on that day. The game com
pletes the "schedule for the Independ
, ents, being their twelfth jegular. match
of the season. Norman Logan. .will .;be
the referee". The teams will occupy the
following positions: : •¦
Independents. Positions. • Pickwicks. -.'
Forbes ..Goalkeeper .....Knight
l^ynch ........... l^f t back Bouton
-Armstrong ; Itieht back Conway
McGran Left halfback. A. E. Bowcock
Mechels...' Center halfback. ... .Watson
Duncanaon... ...'. Right halfback... ..... .-Todd
Owens/. ......... Outside -left. . . ...... Murdock
K. Fay...;.' Inside left. ,W.- T. Bowcoc.lc
P. Fay. Center • forward.'. .'. .. .Cowan
T.-Fay.: Inside right '. .- Warren
Russell . . .". .-Outside right ....... Robertson
At 3, p. m. on the same, ground the
first match of the semi-final round for
the California Association. Football Un
ion cud will begin between; the Albion
Rovers and the Thistles. This > Is the
first tie the Albion Rovers are engaged
in for the qhallenge. cup,' they having
drawn the bye in. the ; first : round. The
thistles beat the Pickwicks in the first
round, 1 the Occidentals defeated j the
Oakland Hornets and the Independents
won' from the Vampires.. Henry. Rob
erts will referee the game ; to-morrow.
.The - Independents will meet the Occi
dentals on Sunday. 'the 20th,inst. The
teams.will line ur> as follows:
• Thistles! . ros'tions. .. AlbUn Rovers.
I-owe Goalkeeper . . .. . .Hoeford'
.Tierney.. " I^eft back.. .' John
Forrest.......... Kisht baiik. ...:.-- .Gllchrest;
Taylor.'. Left halfback. Bjryne
Duncan.-. Center halfback. .Matthif son
McGreRor. . . : . . ; . RlRht half back/. \ .Lancaster
A. Disher......... Outside left.... Bradley
T. DUher. Inside le't. ... : ... .Duquesne
T. S. Lydon....'. . « 'enter' forward. ..... .Taylor :
J. Smith Inside right...- Tweedia
R. Dlsher. Outside right. . . . . . . .Goodlet
..Though the Independents .beat the
Vampires in the match on the Presidio
athletic grounds last Sunday, and still
have one, match left on the schedule of
the California League,: they^ can' , at
most score seventeen poin.ts, so that the
.eighteen pjoints to the credit of the
Vampires place them second in the
table "of results for the; league cham
pionship, which now stands thus: • jj
California Association Football -League;
standlng'of clubs for championship March 12:
• ' :; •. '¦ ¦ •. ¦;' ¦ '¦ •'¦'. ¦'¦ •¦ '.¦¦'¦-'¦ y
Matches. Goals. |
- CLUBS.- ft I|? IT I
:•' , : . a • • a • 5. .
•;-¦/ ¦ . ."'."•; '¦ '• : '• ' r- : -.
Thistles 11 10 0 II 43| ,T 21
'Vampires 12 8-2 2*311/ S 18
Independents .....:.. 11 •- . 3 ;i 35 12 '13
Albion Rovers....... : 12 : 4 6 2 . 16] 2:1 10
Occidentals " 12 .. 6 « 12! 4C i,
Oakland Hornets.:./. - 10 . 1 • 7 '¦ 2| » 2S 4
Pickwicks 10|., 1 ~7 2! 12 .42 4
" An interesting match has been ar
ranged, for the first or- second Sunday
in April. The Thistle ; team, \as the
champions of the .league . for. 1903-04,
.will play against /an j eleven selected
from the other six clubs Included In the
league. The ground on which the game
will take place will be announced "later.
Each, delegate of the league will draw
up , a list containing the 'names of the
men'that in his opinion should' be in- i
eluded .in such a team and will present j
it at the next meeting, on the 23d inst. I
It'is almost certain that A..E. V J. Chlv
ers of • the Occidentals will be the goal
keeper of the united team. 1 His work is
more thoroughly.- good and trustworthy
all round than that of any of the other
'gqalkeepers^thqugh Williamson ; of ithe
Oakland .-Hornets, . Rushton.i arid > Airth
haye- all r done good :, service. > For; full;
backs ' Petersen should "be a certain
choice, "with" John .. and * Lynch r as; likely
, candidates for \ the I second"- place, y The
halfbacks - will .probably, be ; selected
from / Bayrie, Harwood,' Chambers,
Mechels, /Glarner and r Bird.- The "- for
wards are} likely* to; be chosen ;fro"m the
three -Fay; brothers', Lees.iCShand. .Mc r '
Kenzie, Bradley, Duquesne and O.'HoI-
secretary of the California Cricket-As
sociation copies of a petition to "His
Most Excellent Majesty Edward the
Seventh," praying him to "see. fit and
proper to recognize the imperishable
greatness' of Dr. W. G. Grace, the
greatest living exponent of that glori
ous national game, of old - England,
cricket." Attention is calledto the fact
that other Britons, distinguished in the
arts, science, drama and literature,'
have been worthy recipients of the
King's favor, and the petitioners pray
that the King will honor "one who has
done more for his country at home and
abroad than has fallen to the lot of
most men." It Is to be presumed that
the "recognition" intended is that of
a knighthood. The petition has been
signed by the president and officers of
the California Cricket Association' and
will be signed by many other cricketers
in the State.
On the Golden Gate Park courts the
fourth class will be finished. Thl3
class has been won twice by Melville
Long, once by Guerfn, once by Hall
and once by Skaggs. The last' named
player Is In the third class. Long was
beaten by Guerin two weeks ago. Hall
and Guerin are in opposite halves and
will probably meet in the finals. Gue
rin is probably the strongest player in
the class at present.
The handicap . doubles tournament,
which has been postponed so man/
times on the Callforna Club courts,
will be played to-morrow if possible.
The holders of the cups are Rolfe and
Schmidt.
second stood 5-5 when the match had
to be postponed.
The singles will be finished to-mor
row and probably the doubles. The
Baker-Gorrill match is set for 11
o'clock and the winner will meet Per
cy Murdock in the finals at 2:30 p. m. *
In doubles the following matches will
be called at 10 o'clock: Lee and Rob
ins vs. Griffin and Gardner: Janes and
Russell vs. Otis and Gott: Code and
Brabant vs. Ames and Cooke; Francis
and Lowell vs. Murdock brothers. The
following matches will be played at
11 o'clock: McDuffle and Clinch vs.
Fink and Porter: Medcraft and Sher
rard vs. Mann and Finch: Biddle and
Hotchkiss vs. Spencer and Turner.
; Every morning; and afternoon when
the/ weather looks good Uncle takes
cubs to thV Eighth-street lot arid puts
them through their stunts. They are
fast rounding into shape under the care
of Captain Charley Irwin. Uncle -says
he is satisfied with the outlook and the
way in Vwhlch- his aggregation stacks
up.
"; In Los Angeles' Mr. Morley, though
still at outs with the other /powers ;oit
the league,, is bent on getting his rep
resentatives . into good i shape f or * the
opening game'. .They never miss a day
at] the ball . where the science of
hitting > 'erri '^ou't v and 'other ; necessary
tricks are being. theorized and practiced
by- the southern stick swingers. '
Mike .Fisher . has , his. Tigers safely
Intrenched in ;Fresno, where they are
losing no time fitting themselves for
the long siege'that lies in front of thern.
Up^at Mike's old town the:Portlanders
are*: going •• to v 'their- preparatory : /: work
with a ;Vlm and snap, while . Parke WI1
sori, is 'working, out p the. Seattle . bunch
at* Sari - Jose, -and ' the \ Peter
rThe heart of- the t ardent baseball fan
beats with joy once more. ¦ For. weeks
and months' he has eagerly awaited the
time : when' his favorites would trod
the green at. .Recreation Park, and in
a few days* his long felt wish shall be
gratified- and tiie. cheery cry of "Play
bail!"- will sound once again and trials
and troubles will be forgotten,
j The .season gives -promise of -being
a good one both for magnate and fan.
It will be a.battl&.of. California against
Oregon and Washington, the north ver
sus the ' south.' Each • manager j hopes
to bring home, the. flag when the cur
tain" is rung down oil the long season
and each assures the fans of his. home
team that' he has corraled the greatest
aggregation >of high grade tossers that
ever came over; the rocky pass.
The entire six teams are assembled
and are hard at work getting into form
for the opening of the long campaign.
The ball' tossers or at least nearly all
of them' who- have been signed to play
In the Pacific Coast League have ar
rived arid . appear to be willing, and
ready* to get into the thick of the fight
and play ball as, they have never played
before.' /'v" ¦";>' -~ **f' ;v ,v;- ¦¦
FMS: IWilT CRY
iWiiiiii
Though seven clubs elected delegates
last year to the California Cricket As
sociation the Sacramento Club did not
nave any matches arranged for it and
the only event provided for the Lake
County cricketers was a visit to that
county during the Independence day
holidays. It was not found possible to
make up a team of city cricketers for
the /trip, which was abandoned. The
schedule, therefore, provided for only
four clubs, Alameda. Pacific ani
Can Francisco County being set down
for twelve matches each and the Santa
Cruz team for six. The schedule con
tained twenty-one fixtures, two of
¦which, viz.: Santa Crug against Ala
xneda at Santa Cruz on August 23, and
San Francisco County against Santa
Cruz at Alameda on September 13, did
not take place. This year the cricket
team of the Santa Cruz Club ivishes to
visit this city and play two matches
on May 29 and 30, and to receive a visit
from a city club on July 3 and 4 at
Santa Cruz. :
Arthur E. Handle, president of the
Metropolitan District Cricket- League,
•which includes the cricket clubs of New
.York and Kew Jersey, has sent to the
Now, however, there seems no prob
ability of his coming back to this
Ktate, and the name of another good
supporter of cricket, Henry Ward,
also of the Alameda Club, was sub
stituted for that of R. B. Hogue. The
names of Herbert V. Keeling of the
Lakeport Club, T. W. Beakbane of the
Burns Valley Club and J. Wilson Rob
itaillc of the Sacramento Club were
retained, because they are the lead
ing representatives of cricket in their
respective districts and may, it is
hoped, reorganize the clubs if the op
portunity arises. As the Burns Val
ley, Lakepart and Sacramento clubs
have no organization this year, the
management pf the affairs of the Cali
fornia Cricket Association will be in
rtie hands of the delegates of the Ala
meda, Pacific, San Francisco County
and Santa Cruz clubs.
At the annual meeting of the Cali
fornia Cricket Association recently it
•was decided not to keep the name of
Robert B. Hogue on the list of vice
presidents for the coming year. On
It. B. Hogue's departure for Australia
some two years ago it was determined
to put his name" among those of the
vice presidents as a recognition of the
services rendered by hiin to cricket in
California, whither it was expected
that he would return.
DEVOTEES OF CRICKET
' PETITION KIXG EDWARD
Britishers Ask Him to Grant Royal
Recognition to \V. G. Grace.
Greatcs-t of Players.
Owing to the condition of the vari
ous polo fields about Burlinsame the
matches have all been postponed.
It was finally decided to race on
Thursday and Saturday next week.
The time for receiving e'ntries was ex
tended until next Tuesday. On ths
racing days there will be special train
service on the Southrn Pacific and on
the San Mateo electric line. Addi
tional entries may be made with Rob
ert Leighton, the racing secretary, "at
room 21, 421 Market street.
The officials of the California Polo
and Pony Racing Association met yes
terday and decided to postpone the
racing scheduled for this afternoon at
Tanforan.
The situation was canvassed from
all points of view. Superintendent
Fieldwick. who has the track =in
charge, said it would be impossible
to do anything with it owing to the
quantity of rain which fell.
Tanforan Track AVill Then Be to Con
dition if Association Is Favored
With Clear Weather.
POSTPONE POXY RACES
UNTIL. NEXT THURSDAY
Cloverdale, Frisky Barbara. Pasha Pleasant,
Ruby. Pankey. Eagle, Real Article. Cubanola,
Lord -Brazen, * Silver Heels. Haughty ,IIel»n.
Royal Friend. Friendless Boy. Fair Tralee, Miss
Green, Sempronius, Game Boy, Apple. Blossom,'
Renegade Apache, General Dewct. Queen's
Motto. , Fr«e Born, Money • Musk. Idaho : Boy,'
Liberator. . The " Rerere<\ Black . Coon, Raby
Amora. Tralee Boy. Sir Pasha, Red Rock, Bill
Durcan. Vandal: . • '• ' . ¦ t ••• -•¦¦•-• .
Slxty : four well matched greyhounds
will be seen in competition to-morrow
at Union Coursing Park. ¦; The 'first? of
the" trials will commence upon Ihe.ar
rival of the 10:15 o'clock .train. -The
likely, winners look to be: i • . -. ¦ ;¦¦'.
J. . E. H.. Kector. Doc Dum». LJttle Msrcy.
Aoolu!>. Beautv Gold] Balendlne. ¦ Frisky > Boy,
Pepper' Hill. Silver Cloud, Camay, ,Van Alba,
Lulu . Girl. Crawford Belle, Ragged Actor,
Young Johnny Rex. Una; Grace Greenwood,
Firtn Fellow, Lady Menlo, Terra Cotta, Lord
Granard. Yourie Fearless. ¦. Spanish I-ad. Prin
ces* Sa\-oy. Pre*ldlo Boy. Gold Uly, Homer
Boy. Heredine, > Full Moon. Medley, , Flaunt,
IxjKt Chord, -ArMnn. Roy Kushle. Rlievenamon.
Texas Hoo Hoo. Bonnie Pasha. ; Tralee Lass;
Reckless Acrobit.' Real PucheM, 'Honest John.
Sea LJon. Jerry Wright. Fontenoy, Little Lucy,
Manru Equator. ' ¦'" ¦ . '
First payments of $2 50 on the.Cali
fornia Futurity of 1901 are .due. The
stake will be run In September: •
. Dr. Q. ¦ Van Hummel. "who has .been
a prominent figure -in -American cours
ing for^forty years, Ms announced his
retirement from the sport.
C. M. Jones, who was -suspended by
the Montana Coursing Club last year
for fighting, has been reinstated.
The ninety-six T dog stake at 'Ingleside
Park this week will be run down once
to-day, the first r brace of greyhounds
being slipped at il:20 o'clock. The,run
ning will be resumed to-morrow "at. 11
o'clock.,. The likely winners look to be:
. There were sixty-nine greyhound, reg
istrations "last, month with 'thevkeeper
of. the stud book.' This is the largest
number in any one month; for a year.
The running of the Belle Brandon; pup.
which created interest In the young
dogs, is thought to be responsible for
the increased number. . ' , . , . "
Jin an Interview in the Anaconda
Standard Messrs. Blaice and Smith both
speak highly of the treatment accord
ed them here. -They are particularly
enthusiastic over .the work ? of v Judge
Reilly. They were more than- satisfied^
with the . showing their j dogs made
against the California cracks, and. were
congratulated on all sides on Northern
Express' victory in the Inaugural stake
at Union Park. ,', '..'< ¦• •••.'¦
The officials of the California Cours
ing Committee at .their meeting, on
Tuesday night sustained. the action of
the stewards of Ingleside Park In ruling
off M." Senderman and the ;greyhound
Comique. It was recommended,, how
ever, that Senderman' apply to the In
gleside officials *f or a full-investigation,
as the committee was Impressed by his
protestations of innocence. ' \ '
Upon the' recommendation' of the In
gleside Park stewards the trainer's li
cense held by John Conboy; was re
voked. He trains for Eugene Geary,
and was charged with using insulting
language on the' field to Judge. Tierney.
The governing body of coursing on
this coast has found it necessary to
warn intending purchasers '¦ of grey
hounds to make proper investigations
as to the standing of hounds before
paying for them. There have been sev
eral instances, recently, where there
were various penalties attached to pur
chased-hounds which had to : be settled
before the dogs could be 'entered In
stakes. The California Coursing-Com
mittee acts as a clearing-house in this
connection,: and can always inform in
tending purchasers as to the standing
of a greyhound. '.'.'¦ ' v
OFFICIALS WARN
THE LEASHMEN
The committee claims that Baker
and Variel were holdins back the sin
gles and for that reason defaulted the
college player. As. good players are
rather scarce in the tournaments it
is poor policy to default men like
Variel. The default of Variel has ac
complished nothing, as 'the singles
will be "completed no sooner than if
he had been allowed to play to-day.
The tournament otherwise have been
well managed and the mistake of de
faulting Variel is evidently due to poor
judgment and a desire to finish the
tournament as soon as possible.
That the singles will be won by
either Murdock or Baker ia almost
a certainty. Murdock is in good form
and is figured by the majority to beat
Baker. The latter, however, is a
steady player and consequently a dan
gerous opponent.
In doubles only one match was
played last week. In v it Heath and
Gorrill beat Parr arid Foster In
straight sets. The score was 6-4. 6-2.
Other matches could have been play
ed, but as the weather was rather un
certain most of .the players did not
appear. In the consolation ' singles
Gayncss beat Ames 6-3, 3-6, 6-3. Me-
Duffle had one set on Foster and the
rains make it difficult to accomplish
much on the tennis courts and for this
reason there has been but little tourn
ament Dlay in the last few weeks.
From now on there will" be fewer
rainy days and the tennis club will en
deavor to catch ud with their sched
ules. By playing between showers the
Oakland clubs have their champion
ship singles down almost to the "fin
als and, will probably finish both the
doubles and singles to-morrow, If the
weather is good. The consolation
singles will be played- at the same
time. Sixteen names were drawn in
this event, and so far only' one match
in it has been completed.
In the lower half of' the singles
Percy Murdock has won a place in the
finals. He defeated Norman Ambrose
in the semi-finals last Saturday after
noon. Ambrose made a good showing
in the first set, but the second was
one-sided. The score in Murdock's
favor was 7-3, 6-1. Ambrose had
previously beaten Otis In straight
sets. The score was 6-2. 6-1.
In the upper half Robert Variel de
faulted tj George Baker. Baker won
the first set from Gorrill 6-1. The
rain put a stop to further play, but
Baker is almost sure to win the next
set. Charles Dunlap will . meet the
winner of the Baker-Gorrill match in
the semi-finals. Baker and Dunlap
should furnish an Interesting match
to-morrow morning. While Baker .is
a strong favorite, Dunlap is considered
by many to have a chance.
The action of the tournament com
mittee in defaulting Variel to Baker
has been criticized by many, who con
sider that Variel has not been treated
fairly. The latter beat Drummond
MacGavin, one of the strongest play
ers entered, and undoubtedly had an
excellent chance to win the champion
ship. He was out. of town Saturday
and Sunday, but would have been able
to play this afternoon. Variel was not
defaulted until late Sunday afternoon
and considering the wet weather the
match might easily have been post
poned.
Stanford— Ball, catcher; Tritch, pitch
er; Colbert, first base; Williams, second
base; Swain, third base; Trowbridge,
shortstop; Chalmers, left field; Wirt,
center field; Sales, right field.
Santa Clara — McKune, catcher;
Chase, pitcher; Fcehey, 'first base;
Budde, second base; Griffin, third base;
Farry, shortstop; Clynes, left field;
Clyne, center field; Durfee, right field, j
Coach Doyle seems. to have decided
upon the. varsity line-up, at least so
far as six of the positions are <on
cerned. Those still In doubt' are- first
base, left field^nd right field. Colbert
'06 has retiMned to college and is
again in the race for \ the position at
the first corner. Blake '04, Matthews
'06 and Stott '07 are also being tried
for the place and it is anopen question
as to who will prove the winner. In
the fields Chalmers '07, Knight '04,
Moore '05 and Sales '05 are the most
promising candidates. The latter is
also making a good showing in the
box and may possibly get into one or
more of the Intercollegiate games in
that position. The men who seem to
have their positions cinched are: Cap
tain Ball '04. catcher; Tritch '04,
pitcheV; Williams '06, second, base;
Swain '07. third base; Trowbridge '05,
shortstop; Wirst '06. center field.
The varsity- baseball team will play
the strong Santa Clara College nine to
morrow. Chase, w^o has proved such
an enigma to the cardinal batters, will
probably he in the box for Santa Clara
and TriWh will pitch for Stanford. . At
present Santa Clara . has won two
games and Stanford has won one.. . One
has been tied. Should Stanford win to
morrow the tie game will be played off
some tlrnej next week. The line-up of
the* two teams to-morrow will be as
follower . ¦¦ • .
On the diamond conditions are lit
tle better, the ground despite the coat
ing of sand recently given it, being
too wet and too slippery for effective
work. - - . . . - ¦
11. — Weather conditions during, the
past week have been decidedly unfa
vorable for practice on the varsity dia
mond and on the track. The latter
has been so soft that the track men
have been practically forced to remain
idle part of the time. While every
one on the campus has been looking
forward with- interest to the field day
between the freshman athletes and the
Santa Rosa High school team to-mor
row. Treasurer Cowden has announced
that the meet cannot take place" be
cause of the condition of the track.
PICKWICKS MEET
THISTLE ELEVEN
The Floop Annie is in Sessions Basin,
Oakland Creek, where the sloop Nellie
is being put into commission for the
reason. The Annie will be ready for
the opening day of the San Francisco
Yacht Club. Ex-Vice Commodore A.
C. Loe wi!I sail the sloop Ariel during
tho coming season, his former sloop.
Surprise, having been bought by Blair
and Martell. J. R. Hanify's fine new
schooner, under construction at Frank
Stones yard at Harbor View, will be
enrolled in the fleet of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club. H. R. Slmpkins*
yav.i Tramontana is on the ways at
South San Francisco, v.here she is be
ing cleaned, painted and generally
overhauled. D. Moves has sold the
Floop Halcyon and, in conjunction with
J. E. Gray and Frank Mains, has
brught the big sloop Angela, or Doro
thy, formerly owned by \V. J. Wood.
fi-commodore of the Vallejo Yacht
and Boat O!tib.
At a meeting of yacht-owners held
in the quarters of the San Francisco
Yacht Club en Sunday last a schedule
of cruises, regattas and various social
events was submitted by Commodore
W. G. Morrow and approved. Satur
day, April 23. will be the opening day.
At noon, on gun-fire from the flagship
Challenger, the yachts at the anchor
age of the club at Sausalito will dress
chip. During the afternoon there will
be a reception to ladies In the club
bouse and on board the yachts. Music
for dancing will be provided in the
main hall. At 8:15 p. m. the high jinks
will begin, and at the close of the per
formance a supper will be served. On
Sauturday. April 24. the opening cruise
in squadron will take place. The other
events are as follows:
Saturday. May 7 — Cruiee to Vellejo.
Sunday. May S — Race from Vallejo to Sausa
lito. with handicaps.
FaUmJsj. May 14— Memb-rs* night at the
clubhouse; card and bililard tournament and
cth«r gain**.
Saturday. May 21 — Cruise to Paradise Cove.-
Sunday May 22 — Clambake on shore and
powrr-tcat repatta in ParadiM Cove.
Saturday. Sunday and Monday. May 2S. 29
and SO — Crufse to Benlcia, through Montezuma
?1o-jph. thence to Vallcjo, and return to an
chorage at Sausalito.
Sunday. June 5 — Aquatic sports at the dub.
fccufce at Eaupallto.
Saturday, June 11 — Cruise to.Petaluma Draw
bridge, returning Sunday. June 12.
Saturday, June 18 — Reception at the club
fccure. and dancing.
Saturday. June 25 — Cruise to McXeare Land
ing, returning on Sunday, -June 26. to Sausa-
Patarday. Sunday and Monday. July 2, 3 and
4— Cruise to Napa City and return.
Sunday. July 17— Annual club regatta over
th» channel course.
Saturday. July 23. to Sunday, July 31 — An
nual cruise vp the Sacramento River.
Saturday. Augu« 20— Cruise to Paradis*
Ccve. -where a clambake will be held on shore
en Sunday. August 21. .
Saturday. September 3 — Members night at
th* clubhouse at Sausalito.
fundar. September 4 — Cruise outside The
Heads in company nith the fleets of the Cali
to:nia and Corinthian clubs.
Friday. Sem»mU>r i» — Annual regatta of the
Tarific Interolub Yacht Association.
Saturday September 24 — Cruise to Vallejo.
Sunday. September 25— Race from Vallejo to
Eausalito. with time allowances, K
tunday. October '9— Regatta for power-boats
at Sausalito.
Pa:uiday, October 22 — Closing night at tne
clubhouse." end Sunday, October 23, closin?
cruise of the season.
Notwithstanding the extremely bad
condition of the Presidio links the
men are persevering in the handicap
match play competition, the Qualify
ing round of which took place on the
Saturday after Washington's birthday.
The semi-final round was reached
early in the week. R. I. Bentley* re
ceiving 5 strokes; being matched
against S. L. Abbot Jr., and Rolla V.
Watt, with a handicap of 6 strokes,
against Perry Eyre. Rolla V. Watt
is keeping up his good play and beat
Perry Eyre 2 up. He will meet the
winner of the Bentley-Abbot match
in the final round, the winner of
which will receive first prize, the loser
capturing the second award.
Next Saturday the men of the San'
Francisco Golf Club have a driving
competition and an approach-putting
contest on their schedule, prizes be
ing offered for each event.
On Thursday, the 17th inst.. and
each succeeding day until the match
Is decided, the competition for the
women's golf championship of South
ern California will be held on th<»
links of Ihe Pasadena Country Club.
The entrance fee of *3 must be paid
to J. E. Cook, secretary and treasurer
of the Southern California Golf Asso
ciation, 498 North Alameda street,
Los Angeles, or P. O. box 615, Station
C, Los Angeles, not later than the
16th inst. There is no qualifying
round, the contest being all match
play.
The Northern California Golf Asso
ciation, of which J. TV. Byrne of the
San Francisco Golf Club is president,
has issued a notice that the annual
tournament for the championship of
the association for 1304 will be held
en Saturday, May 7, on the links of
the San Francisco Golf Club. Entries,
accompanied by the entrance fee of JC.
should be made with the secretary of
the cluh of which the intending com
petitor is a member. Entries will close
at 3 p. m. on Thursday. May 5. and
the list of entries from each club should
be placed in the hands of George E.
Starr, 80S Rialto building, San Fran
cisco, not later than 3 p. m. on Fri
day. May 6. The tournament will oc
cupy only a single day, being over 36
hole3, medal play. The drawing for
partners will take place at 8 p. m. on
Friday, May 6, and play will begin
promptly at 9 a. m. on Saturday. May
7. A gold medal will be given for the
best score and a. silver medal for the
second best score.
The final round, over 36 holes, of the
fourth competition for the men's ama
teur championship of the Pacific Coast
Golf Association will be played to-day
on the course of the Los Angeles
Country Club.
Burgee of San Francisco
Yacht Club Will Fly From
Mast of Hanify's Schooner
Handicap Match PlayContest
on San Francisco Links Is
Drawing Near Final Round
MAUD IS THE HOLDER
NEW PLEASURE CRAFT
Programme Includes ftegat
tas. Cruises, Clam-Bakes
and Nights for Members
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March,
Men's Championship of Pa
cific Coast Golf Association
Is to Be Decided To-Day
The regular Saturday and Sunday
m * 9
CINDER PATHS
ARE UNFIT FOR
TRAINING WORK
WEATHER MARS
SCHEDULES OF
TENNIS CLUBS
SAUSALITO TARS
PREPARING FOR
LIVELY SEASON
AMATEURS GAIN
HONORS ON LOS
ANGELES LINKS
COLLEGE ATHLETES AND BALLTOSSERS ARE IN NEED OF OUTDOOR WORK
THE SAN :iFRAN<3ISCO;-GALL;- SATURDAY;- MARGH :12, 1904.
10Clifford to Fl~ht Quecuan.
SALT LAKE, March 1 1.— Jack Clif
ford: or Butte aud Perry Queenan of
Seattle have agreed to fight twenty
rounds to a decision before the Salt
Lake Athletic Club. The date is not
settled, but probably will be the 26th
inst. The men have fought two twenty
round rbouts; each resulting In a draw.
Patrick Griffin, an ex -convict, was ar
rested by Patrolman J. J. Crowley last
night as he iras corning out of the base
ment of 12S Bright avenue. He was
taken to the Mission station and booked
on a burglary charge.
Arrested for Burglary.
Mayor Schmitz held a conference
yesterday with the Board of Education
and Superintendent of Schools Lang
don regarding . the application of ' Mrs.
Ilene D.^ Reeves for reinstatement to
her position as teacher ln\ the Poly
technic High School, from which she
was recently ousted.
Attorney Stephen Costello * appeared
for Mr?. Reeves and argued that under
a recent Superior Court decision it was
Incumbent on the board to restore Mrs.
Reeves to her position in the Public
School Department.
¦ School Directors Walsh and Boyle
agreed with Costello in "his contention,
but Koneovierl and Mark expressed a
contrary opinion, claiming that another
teacher would have to be displaced in
order to make room for Mrs. Reeves.
Action was postponed until same fu
ture date, when it is expected that
some amicable adjustment of the mat
ter will be reached
MAYOR HEARS CASE
OF OUSTED TEACHER
The well-known opera, , "The Mas
cot," revised by E. Jacott, will be pre
sented at the Alhambra Theater oh
the evening of May 4 for the benefit
of the P^resentation Convent on Powell
street. Several well-known theatrical
people are working on the revised
opera and the coming presentation is
expected to be a marked success.
Will Present Old Opera.
Warner to Coa*-h Sherman Indians.
ITHACA. N. Y.. March 1L— William
J. Warner, for two years captain of the
Cornell football team and last fall coach
of the eleven, has signed a contract to
coach the Sherman Institute team of
Riverside, CaL. next fall.
When the California. Hotel changes
bands on April 1 J. B. Botts win be
come chief clerk of the hostelry, having
been appointed by the new proprietors.
Crane & Bettens.
Botts is a Virginian and a nephew of
Governor John Minor Botts, the states
man. He has earned an enviable repu
tation for integrity and reliability
among business men on the Pacific
Coast In addition to owning and man
aging Craig View camp. In Northern
California. Botts was associated fos
several years with the Southern Pacific,
being chief accountant at Sacramento
and agent at Rock'.in. Keswlck and
Newcastle. He was for some time a
partner In the Wheeler Lumber Com
pany of Shasta County, and has many
strong friends throughout the State,
California's Xew Chief dak.
F. W. Billing of Santa Cruz filed a
petition In the United States District
Court yesterday asking to have Julius
H. "Haesters declared an involuntary
insolvent- Billing charges that Haes
ters committed an act of insolvency
by allowing Frank K. Roberts of Santa
Cruz to levy upon $3000 worth of per
sonal property which is advertised to
be sold by Sheriff's sale on March 12,
unless the sale be enjoined by the
court. Billing alleges that Haesters
owes him $2000 for rent of the Villa
Fontenay in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains.
Judsre de Haven entered judgment
for the defendant in the case of SI.
C- Turner as trustee and others
against G. W. Fisher and others. The
suit had been instituted to -set aside
an assignment by E. W. Curry, a bank
rupt, to the Puget Sound Lumber
Company of a note and mortgage.
The court held that Curry was insol
vent at the time he made the assign
ment, but that the lumber company or
its agents did not have reasonable
cause at the time to believe that he
was insolvent.
Jacob Schell, a barkeeper of this
city, -filed a petition In Insolvency. He
owes $5262 and has no asset"
Landlord Billing: Applies to Have
Tenant Haesters beclared to Be
an Involuntary Insolvent..
VILLA FONTEXAVS OWNER
SEEKS TO COLLECT • RENT
The fifth semi-annual field day of
the San Francisco Athletic League
which was to have taken place this
afternoon at Berkeley Oval has been
postponed. The league is composed of
the various high schools in this city
and its meets usually develop keen
competition. Xo date has been fixed
for the meet..
Held Day Is Postponod.
62S1 •Boutonnlere (Jones) 102
tfiOS Outburst (McAIester)........ 10O
6291 'Mountebank (Keating Si Co.) 1C
(K05)'Idogo (McCafferty).. *>3
Fourth race— The Bell stakes, $2000 added;
Bve turlousa; two-year-olds: -¦
62»2 Henry Ach <Schreiber) 115
(«5220>Amy J < Jennings) ........ 1"
<E32 Artaoe (Napa Stock Farm) «:
tJ233 Ben Eric (Dobson) .-lOO
«SH>Georgce P- McNear (Stover) US
SknPewffNell (Smith) 10
(6030)Meada (Blanchl & Co.) «... 11 J
C2-J2 Salable (Blaslncame) .......110
C235 Bose Eley (BUslnjcame) 112
-Plnkerton (Schrelber) US
(Saln-IJx=ie H.) "• _
(6292)The Mist (Hammond) U
•L03 Angeles index tKS5.
Fifth race — Six furlong3; three-year-olds and
upward* eelllnr: , ' ' . _- .... -.
t?>ZS "Sterling Towers (Stockton Stable) 03
trro FUneur fMcCafferty> -i :. . . 10«
CT58 -Misty-a I?rtde^(Jooe«) «
*^S)1 •WhUkers <WH*on) t05
C200 *Mure9ca (Milter) .09
G»3 «Hainau!t (Thcraas . & Reavsy) 101
GO40 •Letola(Jenr.lns») .................... Sj
C230 *Oro Viva (Holton) ...101
(tt^95)Oc]rrohe (CoSe") -¦•••• - U*
Sixth race — O^c trJle aad seventy rards;
thres-ycar-oHi* *nd ur-ward; handicap:- •'
C&2 Nirrette .(Jenn!ngt) ...i S3
¦nrttOEoAtatrdler ' fSWnnw) f»
CTC, Jce'Lesser fBeanu) .......102
fii2«.)Lcader {Jeuisinjrs) ••• 1 J*
<fi?MtfIuJ£©r<! (Stover) ......:.'. 01
cus Elliott (Otiy) ••}'•¦ :.... ipi
(CT37)Mo<3iruir: (Fountain) ...'. 10a
•Apprentice allowance. ¦ . '.- vj '
PARIS, March 11. — W. K. Vander
bilt's Bright won the Prix de Ardennes
at the Enghien races to-day.
Vanderbllfs Colors In Front.
The champion Presidio ball team
v.ill line up against the Stanford-
Herkeley Alumni this afternoon at
2:30 o'clock on the Presidio athletic
grounds. Thi* is the second meeting
of the two teams, the soldiers beating
the college men in their last game by
a score of 4 to 3 after eleven innings.
The teams were to have played last
Saturday, but rain prevented the
pame. Emerson, formerly of San
Jose-, will pitch for the boys in blue
ar.d Parker, formerly of Stanford, will
mix up the curves for the collegians.
Iktscball at Presidio.
CHICAGO, March 11.— James B.
Burke, who says he is a minority stock
holder in the Hawthorne race track,
has filed a bill in the Superior Court
asking- for the appointment of a re
ceiver for the Chicago Racing Asso
ciation and for an injunction restrain
ing the selling of pools and betting on
races at the track. He says Messrs.
Corrigan and Fitzgerald have con
spired "to freeze him out" of his in
terest?. The Chicago Racing Associa
tion went out of existence in 1899, but
Burke claims that his stock was trans
ferred.
Chicnjro Racing Men at War.
Sixth race, one mll»— Injboden woo. Palm
Reader second. Glenwood third. Time, l:*0H.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles — Easy
Trade won. El Ghor »ec«nd,' Louisville third.
Time. 1:4*>H
. Fourth race, six furlcngs — Joe Martin won,
Bufiweieer second, Tenneyville third. Time,
1:144.
Fifth race, five furlong* — -Never Fret wen,
Jake Weber second. Silver Fring* third. Time.
1:12. . .
First rac. six furlonr? — Queen L won. Good
Man second. Leo third. Time, 1:16X4.
Seccnd race, etx furlong — Mis* Guldo won.
Ely Boots second. Club third. Time. 1:15.
HOT FPRIN'GS. Ark.. March II. — Essex
Park fummary: . ¦ -
Racing at Hot Springs.
Drilling of the different troops at
the Presidio went on with renewed
vigor yesterday. While the parade
grounds were too sloppy to admit of
regimental drills, the different com
panies were put through exercises at
their quarters.
The Presidio baseball team will
cross bats with the Berkeley-Stanford
alumni team to-day at 2:30 o'clock
at the Presidio Athletic Grounds. To
morrow the Presidio team will play
the iJesse Moore team on the same
grounds at the same time.
The transport Buford, with marines
for the Philippines, sailed at 9:30
o'clock yesterday morning.
Lieutenant Nolan V. Ellis. Eleventh
Infantry, registered at headquarters
yesterday.
• Both the Tenth and Twenty-eighth
Infantry were paid off yesterday.
The arrival of the Philippine scouts
is awaited with much interest at the
post. There are 413 of them, exclusive
of officers. They are all natives of the
islands. Their sojourn here will be lim
ited to about two weeks, and then they
will proceed to the St. Louis Exposi
tion. In all probability Captain Car
rtngton will give an exhibition drill of
some sort to show in a measure what
the new acquisitions- to Uncle Sam's
army are capable of doing. .
The model camp, which was wreck
ed by the gale on Thursday, has now
been put back into condition to re
ceive tHe troops from the Philippines
which are due on Monday. New tenU
and new stdves were supplied, and the
services of about 100 men were re
quired to get the camp back into its
original shape..
yew Acquisition to Army Ordered to
Stop -at Presidio En Route to
St. Louis Exposition.
The subjects of the day and evening
were: 'The AU Powerful Command
er," the Rev. Thomas Baldwin, D. D.;
"The Gospel — the All Effectual Mes
sage," Rev. H. P. Cochrane; "Prayer —
the All Needful Intercession." Dr. C.
M. Hill; "Our Offerings — the All Con
vincing Evidence of Our Love," Rev.
Robert Whitaker; "Missionary Con
victions — the All Powerful Character
Builders." Rev. M- B. Slaughter;
original story by Mrs. G. R. Alden and
address, "A Witnessing Church— the
All Essential Instrument," Rev. H. J.
Vosburgh.
Numerous subjects of interest came
up before the Missionary Conference
held in the First Baptist Church yes
terday. Elder A. W. Rider presided
and addresses were made by promi
nent men in the Baptist church, and
an account of missionary work in
Burma was given by the Rev. H. P.
Cochrane. who is lately from Toun
goo, Province of Burma.
Rev. II. P. Cochrane Gives Account of
Missionary Work in Province m
of Burma.
Following the troubles of "Si" and
his "new boy" was another skit enti
tled "Rosle, the Girl From Paris." The
farce was given as a finale to the en
tertainment, and. it. was a laughing
crowd, that filed out amid the- strains
of "Home, Sweet Home."
The employment agent. Mr. Pelxotto- Si
Perkins. Harvey Duitclow;' first boy. Ghs'Coij
lan: »ecor.d boy. George Merrftt; third boy
Hay. Jones; deaf boy. ¦William Prang; th«
midget balladist. Master Bert Talbotf "Be
della," by the military band.
A comical act, originated by the
members of the club, entitled "Si Per
kins Gets a Boy for His Farm," crea
ated round3 of laughter from the large
audience, as it was very cleverly writ
ten and well produced. .
The cast of characters was as fol
lows:
At Opera-house ' Hall, South San
Francisco, the boys of the Columbia
Park Boys' Club gave an entertain
ment last evening for the benefit of
Memorial Presbyterian Church.
Under the direction of Sidney Peix
otto the large chorus of boys sang sev
eral songs, after which the club's band
rendered selections.
Herman Stein. Louis Stein. Louis
Weinberg, Sam Shallf, Hyman Rosen
thai and Hyman Raphael gave a very
clever exhibition of torch and Indian
club swinging, going through the most
difficult figures with professional
unison.
Walter Roesner received great ap
plause after rendering several difficult
solos on the cornet.
Youthfnl Singers and Musicians Give
- Clever Performance to Crowded
House of Friends.
The members of the Pac58c Coast
Trar> Shooting Association will meet
to-night a.t >>6 Firet street. The associ
ation will promote a big blue rock tour
nament on the Ingleside grounds on
29 and 30.
The first shoot of the season of the
Union Gun Club will be held to-morrow
iit Icgieside.
The members of the Empire Gun Club
will open their season of trapshooting
to-morrow at the Alameda Point
prourds. The programme is almost a
duplicate of that of last year, with
some miror changes in the conditions
cf some events.
With the Trar»«hooters.
SCOUTS FROM PHILIPPINES
, WILL ARRIVE ON THOMAS
BAPTISTS HEAR ADDRESSES
FROM LEARNED DIVINES
BOYS' CLUB ENTERTAINS
FOR BENEFIT OF CHURCH
Fifth race, cn« and a half miles — The Mes
senger won. Mauser second. Free Admission
third. Time. 2:33 3-5.
Sixth race, cne mile — Arachue won, John
Coulter second. Lady Mistake third. Time,
1:41 2-5.
Fourth race, six furlong?, handicap — Scorpio
won. New Tork second. Roue third. Time,
1:12 ."5-3.
Third rare, six ar.d a half furlongs — New
Mown Hay wen. Wreath of Ivy second. Vestry
third. Time, l:lS2-5.
Ptccnd race, fix furlonirs — FitzbrTller won,
Fharp Bird second Hemlock third. Time,
I :!?. 4-5.
First race, six furlonjrs — Tally Ho won. Mod
erator second. Lady Contrary third. Time.
J:I4.
NEW ORLEANS, March 11.— Crescent City
rurr.rsary:
New Orleans Race Results.
At the regular monthly meeting of
the Sketch Club, which was held yes
terday afternoon at the club head
quarters on California street, an ex
tremely interesting address was made
by Miss Hyde on 'Japanese Art."
Hiss Hyde, who has recently com
pleted a tour Japan and who dur
ing: her sojourn in that country was
greatly taken by the artistic charac
teristics of the Japanese people, said
yesterday that Japan is the only coun
try o? the world m which reaJ live art
exists. In part she said:
In Jawa ih« children are taught, from Um
' tlire o£ t^cir b.rUi. t» appreciate art ajid to
love is above all thix»*m. The atyl* of tHelP
, dress U axtls;ic. aad the laborers aad car
penters ev£j take particular pains toward
gtxlag thslr work an artistic finish The ehil
(Jxen, when ia their tniancy. ar« dres*sd la
the DrijjhtMt colors possible. As they rrow
cli«r the t-.'trhter colors are gradually dis
p«=«td w!ta ufctll. in ti*:r old a*e. they dress
entirely In «ray. lavtmiw or black clothes.
In the e,uM:<? parks of Japan en* neTer se«s
sigrns prch:b!t:ns th« d«rtroylny of Cowers for
the reason liar the children are brought up to
lova th«ia aad care for them. A Japaa«s«
chi!J would no icoaer Uslnk of throwing
¦tone* at a bird thaa he would of throwtnr
ftfcn*9 at his friends. Th« bird ia beautiful
acd the child lores It and would rather pntM
it than destroy It. And so it «s throughout ail
of J&?an. The childr-n ar» raised to !ov« art
aad all things beautiful, and for that reason
the country u far above all others frcra an
artistic standpoint.
At the conclusion of her remarks
Miss Hyde exhibited several paintings
and screens that she had brought
"from Japaa. the workmanship of
which is delicate and beautiful. A
vote of thanks was tendered the
speaker fbr the knowledge she had
imparted on a subject of which many
are ignorant.
Miss Agnes Murphy, who was the
guest of honor at the meeting, was ln
troduced by Mrs. Long-, the president
of the club. Mi3s Murphy made a few
remarks on the subject of art and
stated that with the assistance of Miaa
Moore she had organized the flrsc
sketch club in Australia. The club
was organized twelve years ago and
is now of great importance, having
turned out several of the most re
nowned artists of the modern salon.
Miss Murphy, who was a close friend
of the late Phil May, told several
amusing little anecdotes of him that
t were received with great langhter.
Phil May ran away from school at
the age of 12. she said. He never took
a drawing lesson in his life, but waa
acknowledged to be one of the great
est artists in his line of work that tht
world has ever known. He never took;
a music lesson in his life, bat could
play and sing the most difficult com
positions. He never wonld study, but
could quote Shakespeare throughout;
and was a linguist, being able ta
speak four or five languages.
Miss Murphy was loudly applauded
at the conclusion of her Interesting;
remarks and awarded a vote of trta w>^
by Mrs. Long, president of the dub,
on behalf of the members.
Traveler Talks to Sketch
Club on Characteristics
of Children of Mikado
SAYS JAPANESE
ARE ARTISTIC
Third nice — One mile: f oar- year-olds and
up; selling : v •
«K?*?> Elmer L (Klunder)...... .......10"
«260 •Yellowstone (Fine) .............los
Second race — Six and a half furfcr.ss; three
year-oMs ai*3 up: eelllnir: . • ¦
C102 Foxy Grandpa. CCoffer) .". ... nt
<«rs0)Tl»e Hawaiian (Flsaro Stable)..;...; OS
f2« •Constellatcr <KeatlnK & Co.).. ;..... luo
6235 •Silurian 'Lamasney Brew.) .'..,.. 103
(BC0C)«Falr Ln«5y Anna, (McCafferty). .:.... .'102
«23* Arrot (Rich)..* •....'....KB
First race — Fire furlcngs; fonr-rear-oM» and
up; telling: • . . .
C2C6 •Amoruna (McCuirc) 100
CUM Educate (Chappell) 103
6103 'Stsenvlne (Stoer) ...:.ltr£
5<»*5 Rey Hooker (Smith) .»10T
KM5 "Maraschino (Smith). .....1C2
«X.<»0 Monternma (Cappe) 107
f.110 Ratldor (FJtv?) '..... 107
(2X2 Vfifcroso fAppleby) 107
C21S Orpheus (Coulter). ...;'..;...... 105
«»s The Tcl!*r <Jones) -...MCS
5SGJ Et lUca lllurphy) ....107
ENTRIES FOR TO-BAY. .
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Jack Martin and Bonner each piloted
two winners. Bonner is about due to
strike his gait, for a few more rides
like that on Reeves might get him
talked about.
If Mike Daly wanted the opportunity
to time Elliott separately in the handi
cap, "Willie Daly made no mistake. The
Jennings castoff ran a fine race under
the worst possible handling.
Captain Forsee was struck and
knocked down by H. M. Donaldson
while ordering Jockey Frank Reed
from the betting ring yesterday. Reed,
while being shoved along to stimulate
his sr>eed. slipped and fell and began
crying. Donaldson may have thought
the Pinkerton official threw the boy
down. For his foolish act he was ruled
off the turf.
The Bell stakes for two-year olds at
five furlongs with $2000 added, will be
the stellar attraction at Oakland - this
afternoon. Among t.he starters are
Barney Schrelber's crack colt. Pinker
ton, which arrived from Los Angele3
Thursday night, and will be ridden by
Jimmy Boland. Pinkerton cleaned. up
everything at the southern meeting
with the exception of Belle Kinney and
when beaten by that filly was. conced
ing a lump of .weight. Walter Jen
nings makes no bones about saying
that he thinks Amy J a high class
filly and win rely on the daughter of
Bendorah to do the trick. Napa stock
farm will.be represented by Arisbe. a
plodding, game young miss which will
possess the advantage of having Bull
man in the saddle. W. H. Hammond's
•The Mist, has shown that she is game
and can go on, and with; good racing
luck will- be difficult to beat. The most
likely of the. others are George P. Mc-
Near, Ben Eric. Meada and Pcggy
O'Neil. - • •
- .Harry Stover had the claws of Kenit
worth' freshly manicured and the brown,
horse looke.d^a .picture, but^ still, he .fell
short one postUcin of winning- the;six
furlong handicap yesterday at Oakland.
Arabo, a lightweight from the Jen
nings stable and 8 to.l in the betting,
was returned first. . Kenllworth carried
121 pounds,' hut'es. the muddy. condition
.of tjie track : was supposed to, increase
tils chances the books held him at T to.
5^ Soon after the barrier was released
Jack ; Martin- shot Arabo to the . front
and he led the. favorite* by the Judges a
length." AJbuIa ran a close third. El-
Illoti^as. away from the post poorly
and" .otherwise miserably ridden, or he
; might, have been a contender. ;
¦.» Favorite players spent an unpleasant
, afternoon;' as Matt Hogan was the only*
public- choice -to be decorated with
brackets. Light of Day was the long
est priced winner.
ZEXOJLLV IX FORM.
';. His race- of last Tuesday appeared
to have keyed Zenonlah.up to concert
ritch, for the Sacramento horse took
the opening selection Iri an ordinary
gallop. His odds fell from 6 to 4^ and, '
with J. T. Sheehan in the saddle, he
led the favorite RIesca out five lengths.
Gateway again finished third./ Serenity
had Sherwood for a pilot and did not
¦get an opportunity to show what she
could da.
Jack Martin, on Light of, ! Day, out
generaled J. T. Sheehan, astride of the 6
to 5 favorite Bill Short/landing Jimmy
Coffey's filry first by a head at the wire.
Sheehan struck the stretch' first with"
the favorite, but saved no ground on
the turn and later was edged over the
ridge. This of course. was a decided
disadvantage, and !n a '•¦¦fierce drive
Light of Day earned the decision. Nine
to one was the closing quotation about
the winner. Johnny Daly managed to
keep Golden Idol. from running out and
downed Edgecliff for the show. .
MATT HOGAX A YVIXNER.
After a month's rest Billy Magrane's
Matt Hogan " came J out . fresh as «.
spring poppy, defeating" a' fair field of
sprinters in the third. John Bullman
had the mount on the old gelding and,
riding an excellent race, caught and
beat Pickaway our more than a length,
almost easily. -Willie Daly brought
Galanthus up In time to get the show.
Sol Lichtensteln.was indifferently han
dled by Holbrook* and never looked
dangerous. ¦ f
Travers did not signally distinguish
himself by his piloting of Fille d'Or,
the S to 5 favorite for the mile and
an eighth selling run. He rated the
mare in behind the pacemakers. The
Fretter, Chickadee and Mr. Dingle,
when he could have taken the lead,
picked the deep going through the
stretch and was fortunate to finish
third. • Bonner, with Chickadee, pass
ed The Fretter in the run home, win
ning in a hard drive by half a length.
J. T. Sheehan also succeeded in finding
all the deep footing for Prince Blazes
and while the old fellow had speed,
this handicap was too much and he
ran last.
George Miller's Decoy is certainly
a precarious betting proposition. The
gelding enjoyed, first call in the betting
on the last race and after Martin had
beaten the barrier with him he fin
ished second. The muddy going fitted
Billy Moore like a glove and well
handled by Bonner. he galloped in
first at KVz to 1. The show fell to
Isabellita.
The handball enthusiasts of the big
Western c!ub are making It possible for
the two athletes, both masters of the
famous old Irish game, to meet and
settle the question of supremacy.
CHICAGO. March 11.— Michael Z^aa,
champion handball player of the world,
stopped over here to-day en route to
San Francisco and gave' the enthu
siasts an opportunity to study his style
of play. He visited Kennedy's court
and played several games with Foley
and Jordan to keep his muscles and his
lungs in sood order. He agreed to stop
here on his way back from the coast
and will meet any two players which
may be pitted against him.
Egan is to meet James Fitzgerald for
the handball championship of the world
in the court of the Olympic Club on the
27th Inst.
Sixth rare.' six furlor-rs. sellfnjr— Crisscross.
J<"5 <M«mtalB), 3 to 1. won; Toto Gratlot. 1<*7
• Jarksnn). S to 1. second; Winnifreda, Irt5
>HIIJefcrar<i». evep. third. Time. _ Jil«S
jPrcftabl*-. Wager, Evarider. lito Chleo and
Th'ibe also ran.
First r»c«. «!x furlongs, telling- — Japalak.
105 (Jocksoc). 6 to I. won: Jud^e Napton. 112
(U»renof), i5 to 1. second; Rcltairv. 112
i Lewis). 3 to 1, tlurd. Tinj*;, 1:1ft: Eminence
II. Fl»a. Capitol. Jack Richelieu Jr., I'raJ.
Can Nell. Zeazem. The Covenanter and Ma
jor Hocker also ran.
Second race, nix furionr*. selling — An
drattu*. 11* (Hlldebrand). even, won; Eldred.
MS (Jneksos). 4 to 1. s«c«»<3; Rosebud. 105
I'Lf-arls). 6 to I. third. Tlcie. 1:17H- Okla
homa Belle. Moonstone. Thoth. Prancer. Vic
toria S. - Metecra. Urbano, Jiaa Gore II and
Blue Ridje also ran.
Thirl rate, fix furlongs, sellin? — Doric*. 100
(Booker). 11 to 3, won: Atlielrose. 107 <34oun
tair). 4 to 1. second; Bassanio, 1C0 ill:!«), 23
to 1. third. Time. 1:17V«. Due Martin. Ckief
Aloha. VacF!«ckaoe. I^« sral Maxim, Flamero.
Cherry. Gibraltar and Ting-a-LJng also ran.
Fourth race, six furlonjfs. handicap — Fustlaa,
11«> (J. L«wts). 4 to 1. won: E. M. Brtttaln,
107 (Jacxscn). 9 to 5, second: Colonel Bo?eJ\
22 (P. Murphy). 15 to 1. third. Time, 1:15.
Ca!iarL, Sal? and Waiter also ran.
Fifth rac?. one mile. Belling — Canejo, 102 (J.
L*Tris). 11 to 5. won; J. V. Kirby. 10)» (Prior).
« to 1. second: Invictu*. 1O4 (Mountain). 9 to 2.
third. Tim". 1:44. General Cronje. Heir Ap
parent." Erne. Platonlu* ar.d Her.ry Clay Rye
tL»c raa.. b - •••• ¦>- .../.-¦ -¦. . -- «'«-
SUMMARY.
The Ascot cup, at two miles, will bt
run to-morrow. Weather unpleasant,
track heavy.
LOS ANGELES, March JJu-^There
were many ups;ts at Ascot tG^da'y; and
the talent sufferedvinyConseQaence, "of
them. The best race of the. day; was
the fourth, a free high weight handicap,'
and it resulted iri proving Fustian one
of the. gamest horses no w. racing here.,
Sais was the favorite- at" 7 io 5,-.wl(Ii
E. M. Brattain second, choice. : _ Fustlan.
was well supported at 4 to 1* and later;
at s. ' .-•>¦" ; - ¦¦\-: '¦
Fustian was left at the post- and.
when he got straightened out was ten
lengths behind , Brattain, the. leader.
He closed up the,, gap and turcing Into
the stretch was a length behind. ..Under
the vigorous riding of Lewis, he came
like a whirlwind and won by a short
nosa from Brattain. The finish was a,
thrilling one to the spectators. Colonel
Bogey" was third-v and the favorite
fourth. The track was heavy, but Fus
tian's time wasrl:l5. a remarkable per
formance under the conditions.
Andrattus was the only winning fav
orite. Winnifreda was^played heavily
to win the last race, but ran poorly,
as did Platonius, favorite in the fifth
race. ;
Will Defend His Title Here
in the Fine Court of the
Olympic Athletic Club
Within three pounds of the stipulated
weight, ISO pounds, and within two
weeks of the date of the fight of his
life. Jimmy Britt is already in fine
fettle, and his mentor. Spider Kelly,
says that if the Californian is not ie-'
clared the victor in the coming contest
it wi!l be because Young' Corbett is his
superior at the game of punch and
block.
Britt U a willing and a conscientious
worker and. being gifted with a mental
makeup far superior to that of the
average pugilist, profits readily by his
own experience and the ad
vice given him by others. It is
his dally custom to hold a secret cau
cus with Trainer Kelly after he has
< ompleted his physical labors to discuss
the tactics he is to pursue in battle on
the 2sth of this month. These will not
N? revealed to any others than his
seconds until the strife is on.
For lid minutes yesterday afternoon
Jlrr.my went through as much continu
es muscular exertion as could be dis
played in the fiercest of twenty-round
bouts. He skipped the rope, punched
the bag. wrestled with husky Frar.k
Rafael, operated the wrist machine and
buried the medicine ball with Spider
Kelly without a minute's rest, and
when it was all over appeared as fast
as ever. After, undergoing a rubdown
at the hands of Kelly and Rafael. Britt
donned his fighting togs and went out-
Fide his pyir.n2.sium to pose for news
paper photographers. While the pic
ture men were snapping their ma
chines ihere was a stiff gale blowing
ar.d ir. the midst of the wind Britt ap
peared as Ajax defying the storm.
Jimmy was in the best of humor yes
terday and supremely confident. Among
those who visited his camp were Papa
James Britt, whom the little fighter
ramBlsrty *~a!!s "The Bos*," and big
Sam Eerper. Britt Is always glad to
?c-? hts friends and extends to each a
v.arm welcome.
Kir.g COPouefl are surprised at th»
fitrerrf confJder.ce shown by the rival
boxers. That this is not simulated is
n-pll kr.ewr. and there will undoubted
ly be o&e surprised boxer in this city
alter frv- fiprfct is over.
Carbeit undoubtedly bases his esti
mate of Britt's ability on the latter's"
showing with Car.ole. The champion
sav." him f.£ht on this occasion and
thought there \rere weak points in
both his attack and his defense which
could be solved. Corbett goes down the
entire list of Britt's fights and picks
flaws in them. Britt Is equally adept
ir. this game and he convinces himself
that Corbett's list does not make a
record for him as a fire eater.
Britt did net think Corbett's showin?
with Dave Sullivan a brilliant one al
thouph it was apparent the champion
vat TK>t extending- himself once he had
his opponent in distress.
Confidence of the Rival Box
ers Causes Much Surprise
Among King Followers
Only One Favorite*; Scores,
Winnif reda and Platonius
Showing Very Poor Forni
past the is Made
• The monthly boxing show which the
Lincoln Club promoted at Mechanics'
Pavilion annex last night produced a
fair . quantity, .-of. excitement, for the
bouts. _ln many instances were rough,
uncouth affairs, full of slugging and,
wild, windmill-like i punching, that made J
the crowd rise. at times and emit yells;
and shouts of praise. j
Many of the \ star performers knew J
the ganft only in name and acted like,
tramps as soon as 'they got inside the ;
arena* -For Instance, Georpe Braun, j
who mixed it with Teddy Wolffe in the i
main scrap of. the night, fought like ai
kangaroo In the ring. After Wolffe had !
put him to the floor half a dozen times
in- the second round Referee Milton I
Hayes called the go off and gave Wolffe
the decision,.. .
¦Wolflte had his man under his wing
from the tap of the gong. Braun start- :
ed the mill with a lunge and a rush,:
but Wolffe met hlnr with a few we!l-i
placed right uprercuts and put him to.
the carpet In the initial mixup. The rest
of the fight was 'much the same. Braun
would rush in and receive a. wallop that
generally staggered him.- He did not
land once on Wolffe, and after he kept
going to the mat like a rubber ball in
the second round the referee -mercifully
put an end to the farce.
Joe Podesta and Charles Augustus.
two lightweights, furnished the best
bout of the night. They started to as
sail each other in the first round, and
the merry sound of wallops on the face
and body was kept up till Augustu3
was given the decision at the end of the
fourth. Both men were aggressive
and slugging was in order in every
round. Each scored several knock
downs, but they always came back
ready and willing to mix It. Augustu3
was the faster and the stronger, but
Podesta was foxy and game to the last.
Many thought the decision should have
been his, and the verdict of the Judges
was rewarded with a chorus of hisses.
Young McClure got the decision over
Mike McBride In a go that was as com
ical as it was exciting. They Just stood j
rip an dtwlsted their arms around and >
trusted to luck for the rest. The wal- [
lops generally landed and both men :
were groggy after the first round. ' '
Jim Linegar stopped Jack Hart in the ,
first round with an uppercut on the [
jaw as they were coming out of a
clinch.
Jim Bradshaw was given the decision
In his mixuj? with Frank "WUls, though
the latter outfought him at every point
of the battle and showed good form
for a youngster In his first bow before
a crowd.
Tony Rugguiro won a close decision
over Jack Bradshaw in the opening en
gagement of the evening.
Charles Augustus Wins From
7Joe Podesta After 3Iixup
I That Thrilled the Crowd
EEFEREE STOPS BATTLE
OAXZfcAJTD BACKTRACK— FRIDAY, March * 1 1: — \Vesther cloudy. Track muddy.
6314. FIRST. RAC&— 3?4 furlongs; selling; maiden* S-yr. r pid fijlies & selilagi; to first. JJU5.
Ir.dexl -.Horse" and Owner. IWtjSt. f« '. J%. ' % . Str. .' [ Jockey, j Op. CI»
C2S0 Zehonlan*(Martlir&*'Co.). .'.'.. 108 3 i.1%2*3 -HJ 3: 1.5 :: J."T. .Shehn[~ 6 8-2
8242 Rifsca (O. Vt\ Boesecke) J . . . . . {102 -1 : ;. ! . «>3 54;2*3- r 2"4l 2 3 . Ctom ..... 8-3 «-2
4 «291 Gateway .<T.*"VT. EtfttrWge>..-iI04 5 i.» VG 2J4S 2^5- 2.- 3 «i C. King.... :..¦ 6 8
I 5558 Ladjr Ath«llny (J. -A/ Kyle),. 102i 8 ..; '4-2ij4 2--.S-1H* ¦* • C. Smithr.. 12 .20
j C278 Hogarth', (P., J. Canriody) < . .< . 1081 7 ;.'. ' 1. n '. 7 2 * 7'2~ . 5" l\i Knapp .'..'. : 10" 15
• 6C€2 Serenity (Dayton & Co.).. MBr-1 i.'w-5^8iiHl|«2 Sherwood . .7-2- 'S
[ 5S5& Northwest (Clifford >'& Col).. 1C7 10 .V. 10 1 9 2; '$> 2 ' 7 2 Buxton'.... '15 15
I 627s The Jew-(R. ! WIJson)... . . lOtf 8 ,.. « ftlO 3<io. 2 8 5" R. Wlisen. 25,; -JO
- 5S1S Miss May BowdUh (Blsingme) 102 9 V.'. 11 1&5 1H« 2 » 4 „ Crpsswatte 20 -15
, 615S Moynard (M. ; Storn)-..i : 100 2 ,'.-. * 1 to S \Vt* ft 10 * J. Martin.. 10 30
fil&6 Red Bird <B. Slaijghter).-.... 1C3 12 ;;; 9 1H 3.11 9 11 8 Frowta .... 12.. . 25
5337 (Trivial <L. Jeune96>.;....\v.. 107|ll ... 12 , 12 12' .13 'j :.'- Haack ..... 30 CO
Tlrae^ — :24H. :C1H. 1:11H- "Al'post"-:H nlnutt Off at 2:l5_ iZeaonlan.- place. 2: show.
;. 4-5. RIesca. place, -3-6; - *how. l-3.'4Gatewwjr. »how. l 2.»' Winner, b. g. bjr Montana
." Hannah Moore. - Trallied by J. Martin. Scratched — The. Lieutenant. Mendota. Orchan.
Harka. Start rood." Wotj. easing- up. - N'ext two driving. ' AWay well. ' ZeoooSan mad«,a
- g-allop of It. ; Klescairan -her race.- --. Gateway ..will" Improve.-" Secenity" weakly handled.
Pass this racg^qp.- ¦" Xorttt^en a very slaw beg-lnaer.v .- Jtoynard dtsptayed _*p^fj-
.6313. SECOND RACE-rrThre'4 and afhaif fur longs; ".purse; 2-y*af-old»; value to first. . (325. .
Index ' Horae- and Own«r~ WtJSt. Ji.:^- -yi- -.Scr;- Fin.: ''Jockey. |- Op... : Cl.
5-6273 LfgHt of E>ay (Mrs/ CoOVy). . XO»f t l ' i.. ... 2 1^2 3.1 h J. Martin. . | «' " ¦ *-
j C27» Bill Short Vl. T. DoMoq)..-.. .112 '2 , m 1 ;n . 2 4 J. T., Shehn 6-5 6-5:
I 6183 Golden Idol <M. J. Dal j)',... 112 5 ;..... 3 2^3 3 3 2% J. Daly * 6 5
6279 Edsecltff - (B. '& W.).. ...... UX> 8 ;..... 7 4 Bfri'h. Bell.; .. £ 3.23-5
6267 Edcobcra (Stewart' & '-€»)...". 106; 3 4n 4h 5 1 Holbrook .. ., .8. . 14
..... (Dr. Leggo »C M<^airerty)...|112 8 8 -«-*4 6 4 Bonner 10 .13
C267 San' Jo»« (Summers &Q<y)... 1 105 4 t.. ... 5 *' T-% I 3H Buitoa .... ---15 JJ
6287 Unlta Knight -(JH.-;Spratt> .{lOSl -T .... 6 *> g S Haaek ..... 30 ' 100
Tim*— :20*j :44«4. At po%t' H minute. Q^ff at 2:41. Day., place, 3; show;:»-10.v Short. i
¦-. \ piace. 1-2; show. 1-4. • Ido.1.- show, 1. - Winner, b.- f. by Bright Phoebus-Lux. Trained by
J. CoJCey. Scratched^-N'orinae. Stan food. -Won In a drive of two. - Third easily.
Winner received b«sChandHa«; Sheehan'On BUI Short turned wide Into the stretch and
.. was th«n carried down" the hogback. • Golden Idol did not run out perceptibly to-day.
EdgecllfC a »tow beginner. . Escoboe a ran out .on turn- Dr. Leggo will bear watching.
631O. UTHIRD RACB-fFsnirltr courae; aelUng; «-year-olds and up; value to ; flrst, »32S.
Index \, Hone and Owner.* -'jWt'St. n. W-' «j .' .Str. FlnT/t Jockey. ¦ ' Op. Cl.
j89S3 Matt Hogaa. a (Magrane) . . . . 112J 1 ... 3 4 3 'l#? l&l lH;BullBnan - .. '8-3;, 3-2
] C290 Pickaway^4 (A. J. Jackson).. VK 3 ... 1 2 1 2 -1 n- 2 1 H 'Sherwood ,t. 7-2 21-3
* eier 'Galaathcs. 6 (Mrs. Coffey}... X07 7' ... 5 2^4 4 4 'I'. 3~* < \W.*T)*iy.X. -•,-«* 12
» 5352 'Ballroom Belle. 4 (Josephs).. 97 4 ... 2 1V»2 \i.3 2.4 Smith... 15 2O
I «201 (Mr. Famum. 4 -(McCafferty>. 104 2 ... 7 1^7 4 5 n 51 [Bonner 8 20
I.C195 JSol L.lchten*tein.' 5 (Romlgh) lOSi 5 :.. 6 3 5n 7 5 82 IHolbrook .. 9-2 6
I 61S7 Diderot. G <J. P. AtklD) '.115! 6 ... 4b. 6 2 6«74 Buxton .... j 6 7
614ft |Bogus Bill, a (S. F. Capps).,!lOS! 8 ...8 8 8 8 - jConneU .... "20 CO
Time— :25U. :50H. 1:14%. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:08^. Hogair. . place, 3-5: show.
1-4. Pickaway, place 9-5; show, 4-5. GalanthU3 show. 2 Winner, b; g. by Wagner-
Mis* Hixht. Trained by W. P. Magrane. Scratched — Our Pride. Nallah. Start good.
Won eaaily. Next . two. driving. Bullman rode the favorite with excellent Judgment.
Sherwood on. Pickaway' lost much ground on stretch turn. Galanthus went the overland
route. Sol Llchtensteln can do better with strong handling. Too short for Diderot and
too much weight.
0317. FOURTH RACK— One and ah % eighth miles; selling: 4-year-olda and cp; first. ;325.
Index! Horse and Owner. jWtlSt. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey, j Op. Cl.
625*4 'chickadee 5 <McCafrerty>...!l00 4 11 lV2*»lh"lH IBonner 3 11-2
te294)'The Fretter a <F. O"Rottrke).!l03 » 2 H 2 n 1 h 2 1 2 »* JBuxton 5 8
(6281)lFilie d % Or a (G. D. .Kenyon)|102 1 4 V, 5 1>*4 H 5 3 3 ns iTravers ... 11-5 S-5
630t 'Mr. Din^e. 4 (E. TlerEey)..ilO3 *6 6 2^4 2Vi-1 1^3 4 4 '.C. Smith... 5-2 4
<5231 [The Way 5 (R. H. Clark). ...jlCol 2 6 6 6 6 5 8 U. Jones.... 15 1C
6304 jPrlnce Biases, a (Balrd A Co.)lC5, 5 3 % 3 1 5 3 4 n 6 jJ. T. Shebn! 6 7
Time— :25H. :51*4. 1:1S>4 1:47. 2:01. .At post 1 minute. Off at 3:33. Chickadee, place.
2; show 4-5 Ft«u«t. place. 0-2: show. 1. Flllc d'Or. show. 1-3. Winner, b. m. by
Sir Modered or Duncombe-Sabilla. Trained by C. McCafferty. Start poor. "Won In a
hard drive of four. Chlcka'dee had early speed and' was p!ayed. The Ftetter ran his
race. Travers on FUle d'Or made a frightfully botchy mess of It. He rated the mare'
in behind the pacemakers when she had speed to burn. Mr. Dingle away poorly and
badly handl*L Sheehan picked the -worst going for Prince Blaz«L _^^^^.
O31S. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: handicap; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $400.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWt'St. U . Vi. ?i- Str. Fin. ! Jockey. Op. Cl.
ei01~iArabo 4 (W B. Jennings).. iKHJ 1 ... 1 h 1 1%1 Vi 1 1 J. Martin.. 6 8
€2rt Kenllworth. 4 m. Stover).... 1211 2 ... 2 *i 2 n 2 1^2 % See 7-5 7-3
6282 lAlbula 6 (Lamasney Eros.)..|100 ( 3 ... 5 4 4 5 3h IBonner •* 4
(61S2)!Elliott' 4 (M. J. Daly) [106] 5 ... 4 n 3 \i 3 n 4 Va jW. Daly... 6 21-5
6199 JDalsy 'Green. 4 tFollansbee).| 85; 4 ... 3^5 4^5 jKnapp 6 9
Time — -25% :51. 1:17. At post Vi, minute. OS at 3:59%. Arabo. place, 5-2; show. 7-10.
Kenllworth place 1-2; show out. Albula. show. 2-5. Winner, ch. h. by Nomad-Cnarm.
Trained by W B Jennings. Scratched — Ananias. Start poor. Won handily.- Second
stopping- Third driving hard. .Arabo had all colors of speed, early passing Kenllworth.
Albula will be hard to beat next time out. Elliott was away very badly and Daly Jost.&U
the ground possible on the journey. DaJsy Greea_ ran _a_ a |r_race :
O319. SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selliog; 4-year-olds and up;, value to first. (325.
Index f- Horse and Owner. , [WtSt. M. H- %¦ "Str. Fin. I Jockey. | Op. Cl.
ffi94~|B111y Moore, "a (T. T. Rector)!107i 6 3 IMS 3 1^1 1^1 1% Bonner ~T 9-2
6294 (Decoy a (G. Miller) U07| 1 1 1^2 2 2 % 2 2»*2 3 iJ.. Martin.. 2 12-5
620© UsabeUita. 4 (MacNamara). . -UOO] 3 «2 6 2^4 h 4H3h iTravers ... « 7
6197 iSearcher 6 (O P. Rotnigh). .1107 77h S S 72 4 l^fHoIbrook .. S 15
C2C0 fSu« Johnson, a (E. Flt2g«rald)ilC0l 2 2 2fcl 2 3 4 3 n 5 n Roach 3 7-2
C44 !w Ov-rton. 4 (Knebelkamp.h02! S 8 7 3^7 »4 8 «H McBride 30 50
62ns [Assessment « <A Xeal) ll©2| 4 4 3 4 1^5 3 5 1H7 6 Buxton 6 13-2
61 S4 i Dandle Belie. 6 {Winter &. J.)|106i 5 5nSn6163 8 Heavner .. -30 ICO
Tjjne .»8 : si i;2O 1:33. At poet 5}j minutes. Qff at 4 :28. - Moore, plac*. S-5; show,
7-10 Decoy pike* 1; show, 2-5. Istbelllta, show, G-5. Winner, br. g. by Duncombe-
Atlanta II. Trained by T. T. Rector. Scratched— Seafortb, Nilgar. Sun fair. Won
easily Next three, driving. Billy Moore was well ridden and galloped. Decoy beat the
gate but is faint-hearted. Searcher ran fair race. Sue Johnson quit. Assessment
ran a poor race.
IS DUE OX MONDAY
Famous Handball Player
Stops Over at Chicago to
Give Enthusiasts a Treat
Is Left at the Post in ;Ascot
Park Highweight Haiidi-.
cap, but Wins by a:Xose
SHOWS 3IAKKED SPEED
California Fighter Is Al
ready Within Three Pounds
of the Stipulated Weight
"Teddy" TYolffe Has an Easy
Time Disposing of George
Braun in Two Slow Hounds
Matt Hogan the One
to Finish ypirstj;
,-. at Oaicland. US
SAN FRANCISCO £ CAtl/S RACING \ FORM, CHART.
KENILWORTH LOSES THE HANDICAP
TO ARABO , PILOTED BY JACK MARTIN
BRITT TOUCHES
A LOW NOTCH
ON THE SCALES
FUSTIAN'S GAME
FINISH THRILLS
THE SPECTATORS
CHAMPION EGAN
EN ROUTE WEST
TO PLAY "FITZ"
AMATEUR BOXERS
ENGAGE IN MANY
EXCITING BOOTS
HIGH-CLASS FIELD OF TWO-YEAR-OLDS TO START IN RICH BELL STAKES
THE SAN FRANGISCP'CALIi/vSATUI^PAY, MARCH 12, 1904.
Oa account of condition of -track the
pony races at Tanforan have been post
poned until Thursday. March IT, and
Saturday. March 1?. Remember, special
train will leave Third and Townxend
streets at 1:20 p. m. on th**«e days. Ppe
cial round-trip tickets. 40 centn. Hlg-h
rlass and interesting sporting events
**k Southern Pacific agents. •
Pony Raring Postponed.
Tint, race — Educate, SXar&scliixio,
Ajncrnn?.. - • \' t ....... ; , . .;'
'.' Scccnd race— rair X»ady Anna, Tie Si
waiian. Silurian. . :*.'.':.'
jmird race— Idejro. Mountebajiki Out
tmrst. " '-.;
Pourtli race— Amy J, Arisb«. Tfee Mist.
Fifth race — Hainault, I.«tola, Ocyrohe.
. Sixti. race — Jennings Stable, Sombu
4<«r. Modicum. ' ;
NEW YORK,' March 11. —An unof
ficial statement was made to^Iay to
the effect that Chairman W. Dunn of
the • State Republican Committee will
be appointed Secretary of te" Territory
of , Arizona. No confirmation of .; the
report was obtainable. Dunn is a
friend of Senator Platt.
Xe\v" Secretary, for Arizona.
FP.OBABIiI! • WIH3TSS.
At the Young Men's Christian As
sociation auditorium to-night at S
o'clock George Wharton James, the
celebrated author of books on Indian
basketry and the Crand Canyon, will
appear before the Young: Men"s Chris
tian Association in a lecture entitled
"Our Dumb Animals." This lecture
Is of especial interest to children and
will be beautifully illustrated. Ad«
mission will be free to the publie,
Lecture by George Wharton James.
BERKELEY. March 11. — The Uni
versity of California basketball team
defeated the Occidentals of San Fran
tlsco to-nisht score G2 to 4.
Berkeley Wins Basketball.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1004;
12
EM PLOYM EXT WA.VTEP PEMA1.E.
A CARE-TAKER, at present eR1 P lo ' red '"
country, wishes houee to care for in city
or elsewhere after April 1: heat references
given. Addresa M. M.. Ross. Calif.. F. o.
box 12.
FRENCH girl wishes to • do general house-
work ; references. Call Branch. -20O Fliimor*.
A LADY wishes laundering to do at home.
_Phone Fell 1041.
ADVERTISEMENTS, supscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan - Churcn st».
WANT ads and subscrlmlnns taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C3.t McAllister st.
WASTED— M-U£^
FRENCHMAN. 45. stngle; landscape, florist '
gardener, understands all branches; late in
St. Louis Louisiana Purchase Exposition, also
with Mr. licward Gould. New York; good
references: have b»en working in San Fran-
cisco for Messrs. Slevers & Co. and berveau
Bros. ; member of the Pacific Coa-t Horti-
cultural Society; wants situation with pri-
vate family or in first-class business. Ad-
dress JULES LEPLEL'X. care Mistrcn. L>»»
Lombard St., San FranciscA m
TOUNO man — ould like a situation as col-
lector in wholesale house; will give tx»d",»
can spe_k German, Address F. C. WlLKt-
236 Second ave.
SCANDINAVIAN man and wife would 11V-
work on ranch; wife good cock, man capa_i»
of taking full charge of ranch: reference*
from last employer. Box 2284. Call office.
•"COACHMAN; understand car* horses, car-
rlages; careful driver; references ;.*ood gar-
dener. Box 4611, Call office. ______
WANTED— By an all round man. situation on
a prlvats place; good with horses; can »""»•
city or country, references. Box 4018. Call.
A TRUSTWORTHY man wants position a«
night watchman; can* furnish references. .
Address I. B., 758 Folsom st '
BOT wants position as billing machine- opera-
tor. Box 4621. Call offlce. ___
AN experienced operator on Burroughs addins;
machine desires work. Box 2-86. Call offlcn.
BARBER wants work in country. G. S. FAR-
GO. 8«7 Ninth lit
GARDENER wishes situation; first-class^ In
every branch: best references. Box 4556. Call.
CUTTER. Fifth ave.. New Torts; a strictly
up-to-date custom cutter desires to maka a
chan;» for California; city Or country;
practical tailor; the verv best of references.
A. L. S.. 53 South Clinton ave.. Rochester,
New York. •-^' i
WANTED— Position by competent and reliable
man: understands care of horses, cows. «tc. :
good gardener and handy with tools; refer-
ences. Address 1103 Twenty-eighth St.. Oak-
la nd. - -
A GARDENER thoroughly versed in all
branches of horticulture under glass and
outside; 8 years In la«t position: with best
. of recommendations. Box 460«. Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER — Youny man. with 2 years
experience, desires situation with whole-a'.«
house; can furnish own machine. Box 4604,
Call offlce. _
TOUNG man wlshas a situation as engineer;
has ten years' experience of oil burning and
steam fitting. Address Engineer, box .
Call offlce. -
A FIRST-CLASS, experienced colored coolc
would like a nosinon In saloon or commer-
cial lunch parlor; best of city references.
Box. 4554. Call oflce.
ATTORNEY, who is also experienced offlc*
man, bookkeeper, correspondent, bus>fie3S
manager, etc.. will accept position with cor-
poration. Box 4527. Call offlce.
EliEVATOR operator — Reliable youn« man
wanta position as elevator man In the city.
Box 4557, Call offlce.
A MAN who is trustworthy and reliable de-
sires position a.-» night watchman. Addre-*
H. F.. 519 Third st.
BARBER — Young married man would Ilka
•teady position. Please address HENRY
KAMMERER. 12- Turk st. ¦
TRUSTWORTHY man (38) wants position as
night watchman: can furnish references.
Address I. B., 750 Folsom at. •
BARBER — First class, sober, wants flrst-'clasa
Job; state wages.. Address Barber, box 452-,
Call offlce.
"WANTED — Position In _ood country town by
young barber. Box 45C1, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by strong boy. Box 4553.
Call offlce.
BARBER would like steady job. Please ad-
dress THEO WUE3TE— AN. 369 Bartlett st.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wishes steady
position. Box 4333. Call offlce.
A JAPANESE boy wants a place to do cook-
ing In small family; speaks English very
well. FRANK NAKA. 1714 Devlsadero st.;
teL Scott 577.
A STRONG Japanese wishes position to da
laundry In private family; good experience.
KINTJ. 405 Jessie St. ¦
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants position la
family. TOUNQ YOU. 6-0 Dupcnt st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan A Church sts.
FIXAXCIAL.
______________________
Is paid 00 ordinary aa-Mngs accounts and 9
per cent on term accounts by th* Phcenlx
Pavings B. and L. Association, 510 California
it. A. A. Watkins, president; Charles R.
Bishop, vice president; 8. Prentlss Smith,
treasurer: Clarenc* Grange, secretary and
mananlns director; Gavin McNab. attorney;
George C. Boardman and Charles _ Ladd.
i directors : Walter K. Smith, caahi-^r.
Subscribed capital. $S,'XK),00Or paid In capi-
tal. $1,000,000: reserve fund. $-CO.000l
FEATHER REXOyATl.\a.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feathsr
Co -# 323 Van Ness av*. : tel. Howard SI St.
" ~ FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and Cats to let: aa Imaaens* list:
service absolutely free; taks advantag* of
this department: it — 1H sav* you tlm* and
trouble. Cordes Fur_tui» Co.. -_-_» G«ary
st., 00 tha squar*.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses art
listed th our renting department: let us glv*
you a list and help you find one in th* loca-
tion you want. STERLING FX'RNlTURa
COMPANY. 1039 Markat St.: service* abso-
lutely free.
FELL. 651. between Buchas an and Webster—
New' sunny flat, never occupied: 4 rooras and]
bath; every modern Improvement.
SWELL 4 rooms and bath. 957 Hayea st. ; wa-
ter, garbage; hall lights; Janitcr service:
$3O-*32 50.
ELEGAN'T.NW. cor. flat: 7 rooms (all rront>;
bath, marine view; $45. Phone Geary 44S.
LINDEN ave.. -Of* — Three nice sur.ny rooms,
basement: rent $11.
NEW. elerant; 7 rooms; bath, marine view.
1529 Pacific ave.. bet. L arktn and Polk sts.
SXTNNY flat to let. tr.clyrllrnr Malls for 3 cr 4
horses. 814 Treat ave.. near 21st *nd Folsom.
POLK. 2J04. ear. Filbert— Fin* sur.ny flat:
seven lars* moms: marln* view: rent. $35.
FLATS FOR SALE Fl'RXISHED.
ELLIS. 1040— Nicely furnished S-roora CaC
cheap: parties going East.
NICELY furnished, modern 0-rcom fiat; sunny
corner. 92t> Van Ness ave.
Fl'ltMTTRE FOR~SALEU t
CHEAPEST plare to buy furniture, stoves <ir.4
household goods ©f every description: | Cau
bought. Mission Auc. House. 4-O-4;a Valencia.
FIR.MTI R E AV AVTEtK
A. WOLLPERT.' 773 Mission, tfcone Red 4»>C,
boys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
. HIGHEST prices for furniture and rodse. L. 1L
BURP. aucUaneer.lSIS -Tkt. : tel. Howard -75<
HELP WANTED FeIwALEL
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdr»uis_.
; manicuring, etc.; trade taught rrom A to Z
' in _ weeks: $5 to thes* entering now; 3 po.
t sitlor.s to fill Immediately: position, guaran-
teed at $10 cer week up; leading school 1a
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring i»a-
son; both seasons ta-xht from start t. ftr.'.sS
to 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc. guaranteed at $1« p ir nk up-
day and evening class. J43 Stockton st.. r. 13.
' A — LADIES to learn all branch-:; batrdre-a'nc
„ trade, manicuring, marsaire, etc 1_S« Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
GIRL fo- daln cookins and ass'st tn g*n«r_J
housework. _$23 Nineteenth st.
' WANTED — First-class waist and coat hand—
J. BAER, 120O Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced trimmer on c-Hdrtn 1
hats. Apply at 10 a. m.. _-53 SUla «.
CLAIHVO YAXTS — Continord.
A— Miss M. Wille. 466~Geary7 VlalrWyant. ''crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
Uon;. names given; special. <1: hours 10 to 8.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG, palmist, clair-
voyant, card rvader:when others fall try me;
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2«V4 Kearny, room 20; ladles. 25c: cents. SOc.
MRS. BAVMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis St.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tlngs dally. 44SH Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CAltPET ' BE ATIXG _ AND •• CLEAXIXG.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on • floor, without 1 removal ; price . moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone Main C237. :
WHEN you become disgusted with your worlc
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing JVorks. 335-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
DEL MONTE — Carpets renovated on the floor;
alao beating. M7 Hayes st.: phone Page 63S.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 13C9 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning? 3c. Tel. Mission 2-5.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM - CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reaaonablt. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 2GX
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
3.-J3 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 26.
C-CTHINQ " BE-TOVAI—gG. ¦'
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon M&rche, 40 Ellis st.. room 14;
phone Drumm-44.. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.; - 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10: teL Main 55K0.
COTTAGES TO LET. .
LIBERT Y. 571, nrT Castro— Cottage , of 7 sun-
ny. rooms, bath, modern; garden. . ¦ >
" n ;•: DEXTlSTiSVv^ "
DR. LUDLUM HILU^4l3"Market. nr Eleventh
— No charge, for extracting .when; plates are
made; old .plates made over like, new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. SOc : gaa given. .
A NEW, plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted . 20 yra;* crown, $3 50; fillings. COc:
. plates.. $5; full /set: all -work- painless and
. warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors.' 24 Sixth.
DR. H. G. ' TOUNG— Bridges and ¦ teeth wlth-
: out plates specialty. 1841 ¦' Polk st.
GOLD fillings 75c; ... silver.': 35e crowns, $2; no
pa!u;open Sundays. Dr.O.B.IIewUt.204 Sutter.
PARIS : Dental Parlors.235 Kearny, cor. ¦ Bush—
': Set teeth, $1' 50 up; crowns,' $2 up;filllngs.25c
ARTHUS CHISHOLM. swgcon-dentlsf,r.l4,lst
floor, ; Phelan bid..' 803 Market, cor. O'FarreiL
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORG-PaOKI.^"4_T1r^VtMeirBusbri35-^
Japanese-Chinese- employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office^ — Japanese.
Chinese belp. 420 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau,
504 Kearny st.. room 3; phone Black 4458.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Leon Bering's, 411 H. O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
FRITZ'S Emp.* Offlce: Japanese and Chines*
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMEYT WAX TED — -FEMALE?.
WANTED — Positions as caretakers or house-
keepers,, city or country, by two sisters; com-
petent and experienced; best of references.
Call 917 Van Ness ave.
COMPETENT.. neat, young German girl wishes
position general housework; good co;k. ?„
San-Bruno ave., near Nineteenth st.
WANTED — By reliable French girl, work by
the day, washing, cleaning, etc. 1312 Sev-
enth ave.. South San Francisco. .. ¦ , - : ; .-
•EASTERN- saleslady, experienced -In suits.
cloaks and furs, would like position: best or
. letters .-.nd references. Box 4b'lU. Call offlce.
COMPETENT steady woman . will do house-
work; is good cook and ' good- breadmaker;
' .will £0 some Trash. Call 112 Tehama st.,off 2d.
A GERMAN girl wishes to assist in ¦ house-
work and ccokln?. . Call 777 Cole st.
TWO reliable giria wish positions; one a. cook,
other - as chambermaid : - best of references.
Address 13 Hampton Terrace, off Washing -
ton at., bet. Powell and Stockton.
PROFESSIONAL nurse wishes car* of Invalid
at $40 per month or confinement cases at $15
per week. Address Mils. 11. H. B.. 1__
.' Hxde st.
A RELIABLE woman would like washing or
housework by the day. Call or address- MRS.
. _ LEECH. 14S Sixth st.. Brunswick House.
SITUATION wanted for orphan girl of • 14 to
assist in work In exchange for good home.
Box 4555. Call • office. ¦'
EXPERIENCED and partly trained nurse de-
sires care of invalid; $3- per month. Bo_
220.. Call offlce.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to do work ia
a - family. - Addr-ss 123 1 ,. • Langton ft.. b«-
' tween 7th and Sth. Folsom and Harrison.
BY a German- girl, housework of any kind; ia
private family. Apply at 32S Jessie st.. bet.
Fourth and Fifth. • - . - - -
FRENCH girl desires position tn family for
. second work • or chambermaid; w__ei $.5.
Address 2-9 x. Sixth st. - '*
A -WOMAN wants washing or any ilnd of
work by tho day. Call 121 Turk st.; In rear.
YOUNG lady ¦ with - experience as bookkeeper
wishes position in offlce. Box 22S7. Call.
A COMPETENT woman wishes work by the
day. Address box 4&42/ Call office.
DRESSMAKERS AX D SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knife -plaiting: double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylot: tel.Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Mlllnery School —
jPattterns cut to measure: evel class 1019 Mkt.
EDt-'CATIOXAJL. • .
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful : place of business
study In the entire West-V. New, ¦ complete,
extensive departments. Thorough. ' inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. SK)1-
«25 Golden Gate avenue. ¦ .
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-'
ket »t.; established IS years; th* school that
secures positions for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters; catalcgue free. . i ..
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
. F. — Bookkeeping. - shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever;-enter
at or.ee if you desire a good position;'. GregE
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. -Business
College. 1236 Market st. -. -
STAMMERERS taujsht to talk; no -"-drawl.
singsong or motions. Call or write Natural
Speech. Academy, 1030 East. Twenty-eighth
st., Los Ancelea, Cal., ; ¦ _...-.¦
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges:
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. .' Phelan - bldg.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun. ;
classes Mondays, Fridays. .Louise Foeter'a
School of Danclnjr. 1536 Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice , of official court reporters and be con- ;
petcnt stenographers. 13S2 Market : catalog.
WESTERN Busmess College;Odd Fellows* bid.':
' bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith..
spelling, writing, etc: day eve; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes& Electricity. 24 Post
st. S. F.; a • practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — CiviL elec.imln., mech.. sur-
vey assay cyanide: day, ev.-: est 1S61. Van
. der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough -school of
dancing: -established 20 years.- 1412 Polk et.. '
.'bet. Pine and California; -classes now open.
KENT Law" School always open: conducted by
V- practical, lawyers. 530 Parrott building. .
BANJO, mandolin . and . guitar thoroughly
j 1 taught: orchestra practice. Geary at.
GUITAR mandolin and '' piano." $3 " per -mo.;
mandolin club $1 per mo. .- S2S Height at. "
ESPANOL— Metodo practice y progreslvo.:
. Rafael Serrano. 830 California.' cuarto am. 4.
SCHOOL OF - ILLUSTRATION-^ and
: : PARTrNOTON'S. 424 Pine - at.— Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS.- PECK.:
-•experienced : teacher., .1013 Mission, nr. Sixth,
SPANISH.French.etc Prof .DeFillppe'sAeademy
of language; 320 Post: estab'd 1871 ; ablest profs.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent , to < any address in _e
United States or Canada one year for $1.
l.nn(.-?>r; Hor^Kv l'«n s \l.V, — -fit.
\. CAMERON _ CO. Phone South 1000.
- KdUy bt., cor. Market and Powell.
IIeacl(|uarlL-r» lor roo:nlnK-housea, hotels uud
—tl kinds of business chances.
EC rooms; corner; rent only $500; best down-
town houht- in city; electric elevator; well fur-
ni^hfd; tuaruiitceU to clear $4oo to ?5oO per
month; bouks oix-n for inspection; everything
in Drat-cla.it shape; on account oilier business.
I 7-room flat; rent SAO; oak furniture; good
1 curvets; sickness; price $33u.
72 room?; rent $100; decant new building:
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
in_- $000. per. month; every room full; will
I stand the strictest Investigation; location un-
surpassed. •
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle atartmont-house; reduced to $1100.
100 rooms; cheap rent: nrst-class, up-to-date
commercial house; cltarln. $31)0 10 $400 per
month; goin« trust.
S rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished;. oak
furniture; Axmlnster carpets; beautiful flat.
102 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in Pan Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern bulidlntr; fine entrance; cheap rent: clear-
Ins $400 uer month: 5-year lease; part ca»h.
1 balance S per cent per year.
13 rooms; rent $35; well furnished; all new;
*«!*! down, balance 1& per cent s . fine buy; only
1 51_.i0.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator.
II=hts; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one or the best buys in the city.
8-room upper flat; corner: all sunny rooms;
beautiful littlo gem of a home; price $750. i
126 rooms; flno downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances:
takes In I3O to $40 per day transient, besides
re_nlar roomers; will bear investigation.
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets: clears $50: $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $SO0.
9-room. new, modern flat: 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over S1S00; a bargain; alck-
ness.
50 rooms; elegantly funrfshed; fine location:
close in; new and modern throughout; full and
clearing $250 to W50 per month; must ba sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on it asked; chance of a lifetime.
00 rooms; part offices: elegant new building
and furniture: hich-class location; beautiful
halls; everythtnc modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition in city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping; clears
?50; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house: luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $40o to $<k>0 per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 rooms; rent $05: fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full: $2000.
11 rooms: rent ?40; close In: oak. cherty fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 oVer all
expenses;- $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
48 rooms; rent only $63: well located hot»l
south of Market; fine bar. well stocked: brick
bulldlnr: electric Ii.li's; everything: good con-
dition; nart cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this -with cood real estate for
larse downtown houoe.
25 rooms: rent $140; hot and cold water; part
housekeeping; all full; clears ?150 per month;
well furnished: leaving city; gift; $1200.
T>0 rooms; new; modern apartment-house: 10-
year lea.«e: cheap rent: clearing $250 to $300;
very central; flrFt-class proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern bu4!dlne: In
one of the best cities In Southern California:
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up to date; 9-year-tease; rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms; well furnished: flrst-class tran-
sient hou?e; 2 blocks off Market: 5-year lease:
clearing over $100; pood buy for some one.
35 roams; rent only $150: close in: thorough-
ly renovated, rut in flrst-class condition; can
be run transient if desired; clears now $185
per month; part cash, balance time; ' good
money-maker.
14 rooms: cheap rent* furnished In oak: Ax-
minster and Brussels carpets: new: half cash,
balance Ionic time: make offer; departure.
81 rooms; rent $110; all light rooms: clear-
Ing o\-cr $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $800
to get In; must leave city at once; price $1300.
21 rooms. w*l! furnished: fine little do— n-
tow n transient house; clearing $100 per month:
obliged to leave the city; $1700.
20 rooms: cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets: good lease: clearing JS125
per month; part cash; balance time.
17 rooms: rent only $75: Ellis: oak furni-
ture; pood carpets: clears $60: leaves 3 rooms
for landlady: fine opportunity to get good
house reasonable.
MINNA. 322— Lodging-house for sale cheap.
$575 — IUA TURK: 11 rooms; full: rent $45;
water free; owner going to country.
IS ROOMS rent $70: Ions lease: furnished new:
. rlearn *6O Call at 85« Ellis St.
-O'bC.XG-IIOtTSES" WASTED^
WANTED— A lodging-house of about 35 to 40
rooms. Address box 2051. Call office.
SPIRITUALISM. \
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual bealer
and business medium; readings dally, $1; .de-
veloping class Thursday S p. m. 602 Eddy it
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance Sunday,
1 o'clock. $1. 1084 Bush; phone Larkin 4133.
ELISB BRAUN. renowned psychic.My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. SS6 Bush.
MRS. LESTER, 963 Mission: life reader, busl-
ness medium; read, daily; dr. to-night, 10c.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis,- readings dally.
0:30 to 4; seancea Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
elate-wrlter. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 8S7.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call . at once and save $4-
Hls former $5 rca-incs this week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
You consult him.
(You to ba'full judge.)
PAUL DESTINE.
Tfc« first registered trance clalryovant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco.,
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you culled for; I prom-
ire to tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry, in fact I will tell every hope,
I fear cr ambition better than you can tell
yourself: I restore lost affections, reunite the
teparated, cause happy marriage, make you
ruccessful in life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and buried treasures and Insure you success
or charge nothing for my cervices-; 10 a, m.
to S p. m. : Sundayv 2 to 0.
: 326— O'Farrell St.— 823.
MM_. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.;
the reads your life correctly, elves an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
I future; If you ore in trouble, discontented, or
not satisfied with -life, or have domestic, love!
or business troubles, consult this great medium
and you will be told how to overcome them;
valuable advice in all affairs of life; _5c up;
satisfaction guaranteed; readings by ma!!. Tel.
Black 456a. . , '- . -.>:'-.-.-o - :
1EM AR, tha Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
. palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
t n., cor. Turk: private readings -daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mail as satisfac-
tory ea in person; 3 questions .-uiswered, $1;
full lite. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth: don't send currency: eend postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
AA— MME. RAVENNA. : formerly of & Fourth
. st., has permanently movc-d to her new and
elegant offices, 835 Howard St., bet. - Fourth
and Fifth; thanklex her, many patrons and
Eolicltinc their further patronage; business
advice; originator of ¦ name, given; full life
reading, 50c until further notice. ¦ _
JUST ARRIVED — — — DAGMAR
, The Egyptian palmist, clairvoyant and card
I reader; consult on all affairs of life; if tn
doubt, trouble or adversity. . she ¦ will - heli>
you. IOC McAllister sU. room -8. •. -
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted, clalr. _ palm.-
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
- trouble, bus. -and financial success; • names-
I_. 50c:-G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MME. MARSEAI". card reader: ladles 25c)
gents 50c 120 Sixth st., room 15. ¦
J MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
1 moved frcm 132 Cth to 2-J4 Cth; 1. 25c. g. 00c,
IHSIXUSS CUA.\C_3.
A— *40C0: COCXEn r_loon. with leas.;; larpe
ct-1!.-;! ; Ciir'l and prl\_,u rooms; kept by OWJ1«
••re for years; fitllcrt Infestlsatlou eollciteC.
£«•«¦ U. u. WlLlvU, _GVa Keiirny lit.
A— $."Cir;> : GliltA. room and cafe; the leading
ojstnblii-fcir.eii! ,:i Oakland; doe* to theaters;
rent £7l> u'i-J :. Rrsi-clasi paying business;
alUor iiiu ?<t;r! j nt u o:ilv cause of salt-, lice
P.. O. UU.Ki:. _t;',i Kcnrny St.
A_$_00: UAKKUY, oirab. yearTaii'rUni7 by
prt-est owner IT yc;irh; bakes 4^ barrels
jkt J.ty; <i;illy i<-lra UKr, lhiutr rooms. Call
li. G. WILKU, SC U Kfarny j»t.
A-*12oO; l>I'M(;.\Tl-:.«fcEN and .daily produce
s=«or»; oir.se to Market ai;il Kt<x:kton sl«. ;
l:*rrx stock; oi».:u» nl least $"W pet ir.uiii!);
fuil^:<luo in K.rM: a yiilrnJid udtr. !iec It.
U.VW1LK1S, -t',b Kcarny jt. .
A— S.*m); UQAKCa bakrry apJ canCy store,
with llvin:r !<K;ms!; daily rec-L-lpts abnut $10;
choiix-irt location in tr»- Mitsion. Stc I*. Q.
£i WI_KC^2CV, Kcarny Pt.
A — ?2^<K); Hali-on. wi'th lease; estnb. ycr.rs;
vicir.Uy of r<mr_ Ft., Market -and Stockton;
platv Hpcaka fcr itself; all f particulars. It.
O. \VILK-, _<;Vj Kearny bt. ;
A— «:r.oo: GXlOCKnV and bar. with 10 fur^
nisliod rtvms; T, years' Iea8«»: rent ?(mj; a
butiiioEH where man and wjfe can easily
clonr f.'JOO per month. Particulars -H. 'G.
ft AVt-JCB. _<">!4 Kcarny st.
A— $3(XO'. COAL, hay and Brain yard; en G^ary
St.; rent $40; lease;, horse?, »J wasons; busi-
ness cstab. year*: investiKate at once; a rare
chance. Call It. G. WILKE, 2614 ICeatny st.
A— 51030; Con. saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rfnt $S0: leaae; a flrat-clacs paying: place hi
cho:c*et location: WO p*r month clear guar-
cntod. It. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st,
A—* 1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting;
Kalitry, averaging about $9 60 per day; e_-
per.teB nbuut 5S per day; will sell or trade
tor lodging -huute. Seo It. G. WJLKE. _0V&
Kearny et.
A— $1200; COFFEE ealoon and bakery In
choicest location; rent f80; flally * receipts
• fbout ?T0; a good buslners, but flckness of
owner compels him to rttlre. Particulars P..
G. WILKE, _«;«, Kcarny st.
A— JK.-.0; CORXEll clear Ktand. close to Mar-
ket «nd J5tockt<in rtr. ; rent $75: a splfiidid
l«K-at:on atul rnre buslnecs cnance. Sea It.
O. WILKl' -U'i Kearny st,
A— $__50; STEAM laundry and properly i
po,uln«\l with latest machlnerj'. wagon, etc.;
no opposition; In thriving country town about
73 miles from this city; a rare chance. For
particulars nee It. <». WILKE. 2tJVi Kearny.
A BAKRRT acrors the bay. with lot 50x100;
house of -I rocm?, 2 *tortes; 2 horses. wai;on,
«tc. : t-rlcs I3CG0; not all cash required; a
Rood l>u>inpss. Call on It. G. WILKE. '_0'i
Kearny st. .
A. CAMKKON & CO '.Phone South 1030
3 Eddy *t.. cor. Market nnJ Powell.
Headvjuarttrs for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy ap<l Ice cream parlors J_00 to S.500
Barber t-hops f.MK) to $2.*>f)0
CiRar stands $X50 to $2CK10
Groceries and bars JMm lo fM«l
falcons 1300 to $10. WO
HfStaurants ?3oO to $_0.O»H)
Fru'.t and vegetable stores *:!00 to $1000
PruK stores $20Q0 to $OlK»0
Delicatessen stores $250 to J 1500
Wood and coal yards $250 to f 1000
FOU *ale — Beautiful mountain resort, less than
:tO minutes' ride from depot of best interior
city In !>tate; loss than 3 hours' ride from
San Francisco: _l> acres land; HC-room, furn.
hotel, with barn?, Flieds, etc.; 3 years' lease;
can cct longer; rental $500 per year; horses.
bupKlcp, 2 cows; bar well equipped; billiard
table, piano; raiyts own fralt. vegetables,
hay. chlrkens. etc.; big money to be made;
price $2500; nccour.t death. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Kddy st.
FOU tale or trade — Quart- mlr.es; fine prcepect;
located In Cal.; essays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mp-house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located canay store; all equip-
ment for maWng own candies; established 8
years; clears over $2C0 per month: will in-
voice about Jl-00. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
FOR f«ale — One of the b*— t restaurants In city:
cheap rent: receipts > .'5 to 5100 day: will
bear Investigation; price $1500. CAMEP.ON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. -
FOR. pale. 'or will trade for smnll ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical Fupftly store; well
located: clearing 5:100 per month; flrst-cl&ss
propcsitlon: will stand strict investigation;
price. (fsUx>. C__£RON & CO.. 2 Eddy st.
DELICACY and notion store; pood trade; In
ft locality surrounded by families; no oppo-
sition for several blocks; stock all new and
clean; fixtures attractive: llvln_ rooms and
furniture; rent low. Box 2037. Call.
PARTNER wanted in fine paying office busl-
ne*^: no experience required; steady, relia-
ble man wanted: f~T> monthly to each: $250
cash required. 2C3 Kearny, r. 1, nr. gutter.
$250— PARTNER wanted in established com-
mission business clearing $150 monthly; wtll
give bank references; experience not re-
quired; grand opportunity. 1007'^ Market, r.l.
I fST5 — SALOON, stock and fixtures In Whole-
sale district; must sell on account of being
compelled to leave the city. Address box
2295. Call office.
FOR SALE — Candy and ice cream factory;
good, clean stock on hand; fine fixtures;
•rood locality and a fine trade. Address box
2918. Call offlce.
BARGAIN — narber shop: laundry pays rent;
good location: $200. TETLOW. S50 Market.
SNAP: $200; barber shop; rent, water and
light. $20. J. E. TETLOW, S50 Market et.
BRANCH bakery, etc.. price $140; three nice
living rooms; rent $15; value in sight. 1713
Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale — Laundry route, horse and wagon
Box 4607, Call offlce.
GROCERY and liquor store for sale; good
trade; cheap rent; Ion* lease; in Italian quar
ter. Box 4005. Call office.
$350 INTEREST In store: plenty outside work;
will teach you the business. Powers Paint
Company, 1034 Market st.
FOR sale^ — A lunch stand: good business; cheap
account of sickness. Call after _ o'clock, 1301
Howard st.
SEND or call room 222 Parrott bid*, for par-
ticulars of a small, tcfe. honest 5 per cent
a rronth Investment, besides large profit.
$C00— SPLENDID opportunity; estabHsh7d~wlth
autr.mobilf delivery; money refunded If not
as repre^nted. 510 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
WANTED — To buy a grocery and bar; a good
Ftand; Ftate location and price asked. Bex
2947. CaJJ offlce.
$250^DRANCII bakery and restaurant; rent
$25; water free. 414 Jones St.;
DELICACY stcre; Larkin ft.: well patronized;
big bargain. Apply 20D Kearny 6t.', room 1.
FAMILY liquor Ftore in best neighborhood in
city; whole or half. Call 521 Market Et.
FOR sale— Half interest In a flrst-class fruit
and vegetable stall. Bos 4544. Call office.
SMALL Kvirdir.c-houw for sale: rooms full.
Particulars. 30 McAllister St.; after 10 a. in.
i ROUTE on CaJL Apply at offlca.
EAIyOOX In good business location, close to
Third and Market sts. lUix 2030. Call offlce.
I WANTED— A cigar stand] Box -9S5 Can
offlce.
FCK rale — Comnl»te cleaning and dytlnc
works. Box -?or>. Call ofnee.
GROCERY and bar for rate cheap. 3127
j Buchanan st. •
j A BRANCH cfflce of The Call for thi re-eption
of advcrtiypTvirnts and -subscriptions has been
; fpAt»Hl at I0OS Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until II p. m.
I«OLJGIXG-HOI!SES FOR SALR
MITCHELL & CO ."....... .7phon7 J casi« 233 "l
12v« Market st-. oppostte Sixth.
10 room*: neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40; fell cr c_chnn_t»; prica f(B0.
65 rnu. : downtown house; steady; transient;
cleaiirs $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
• 26 nne.; rhclee ¦ corner rooming-house; unex-
CTlltjl for transient '«_ well as steady roomers.
_j roctn;; well appointed- housekeeping
suites; l.v.uUady must seil: make offer.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market «L
10t» llCOlIS. «unny corner, rent $125. '...$4500
40 roots-,, south cf Market, rent $110.. 26O0
<1 rMCF, Mission warm belt, rrnt JC5. 2—H)
_•¦• rooms. Bummer lotort. rent S400 yr. 550
14 rooms, fine location, rent low 700
llL.tr is «n<V s>i— imcr resorts.
EITEL & CAKRCLL. 212 Kearny 81
A— f 10O): nous i of »0 rooms. 37 beds: rent $1(K\
j lease ef 4 soars: coc-d furniture; rooms alRayi
occupied. So> It. G. WILKK. _GH Kearny.
FOlt Rale--ll-roo_ house-, nicely turnlFhed: full
of steady roomers: clears *r>2 over rent; own-
er paralj'sed; must eell; offer." C43 Gcanr tt
S1TTTER st,; 14 larre Ennny, corner rooms;
cicely furnished: al! rented; part cash.' bal-
ance Installments; barsain. 2-jO Kearny st.
12-r.OOM nicely rurr.:^i>J. centrally .located
house for sale. Address WILSON. <C. Tay-
lor st,
JOHN ». ST__C_r_S. J^roprictor^^
li£BSt CQ___ffl-tB P HM M-APSBI. V3S3OX
W. J. ILKUTIU yus!nt"r7_Manaecr
~"-FELEVliO:ili7
A»k for Tlir: CALL. Thf Operator Will Con-
nect You With t!ic Doiartment You \M:n.
PabUc-t!oa OfSe* Market Rnd Third. S. F.
KSyoi-Jai r.ooni 217 to 221 Stevenson »t-
ix-llvrred by Csrric:-? 20 Ot*. Per We'*. ~
Ct». Per Mouth. SlBSle <rcplos & Onts.
T»im a ly Mali. Inaotfl— s roaicsc tCa*.h .n
<)i<J.»r): . .
nAi_r call rt-ci—t. b__<s_v>. i J cnr -'-t,i,
L)aj_V «'ALI> U— rts- Bmt-ay}. u «"'» 4 .'/'
MAIX.Y CAl.l.— JJy _nsl4 liu-.uli ¦»¦*-
H'ViiAV CALL 1 V.ai : -,;
\vi;i:ki.v ai,;> i r«»r im
Kg?. 1 ?** J Gumiif! *U5 m rear Kxtra
rOSTACJfi. L Weekly, l.w Per i'far 1.s.v.a
aij- rosTMAPTKiTs ahe AirrnonxznD i
TO EUEGETVE SfliSCIlI PTIONS.
f»n:ple Copi(* wiU he forwarded when re- !
quested.
Mail eulwcrlbrrs ia ordering change of a<3-
i-.-ett thould be pnrticuinr to five bcth NEW
AND OUI> A—DCt£Sa In order to insure a
j)iomr-t criJ o«:rect compli-nco with tbclr r«-
¦jOCR.
OAKLAND OFFICE: •
HIS Cro«_-ay Teiephon* Main 10S.1
nnnic_Lcy office: !
ri«8 Center S'.rtel Telephone North 7«
".•AKIIINGTON COimESrONDEXT:
BAMl'EL W. WALI Hotel Barton j
NE.V TOr.K NIT>VS STATCDS:
TTaldorr-At-toria Uctet; A. Urentano. "1
ft;ion SvJusk: Murraj- Htll llo'.el; Klfih-ave-
MU Botcl and UoSTO— - House.
CUICAC.O NEWS STAND?: |
Fhrrmhi; llcme: V. O. News Co.: Great
Northrir. Hole!: Trrmont House; Auditorium |
Ilotri; l'ninitr House.
CHICAGO REPKESENTATIVE:
C. GEOH<>£ EBOON-SS.,— trqueUa Hutiainj
(I^tk Di5tnnr e T«.-l«i--ln.-n«. "Central _ei9.")
NEW VoniC nCFiinSKNTATIVE.
PTEI'liKN Ii. SMITH 30 Tribune Dulldln.
KEW YORK»rOIii<ESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLT'JN Herald Scj_ar*
UrSIN'EPS OFF lCn of tV-.e fian Francisco
Call, earner U-r^et and Third streets; open
-r.til 12 o'rlork «-vt>r>- nlplit !n the year.
liKANCH OFFICES:
JfHiS Market riieei, cj-.jH>EHe F»:'th; oj>*n untl!
11 p. n>.
t_7 Montpomery street, corner Clay: open
until y-.;io ; m. •
r><<» liHjrt htroft; open until 9:.1O p. m.
m fctcAtti-Ur street; o;>en until 0:30 p. za.
CIS l...!k::. j-treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
|M] Misfion t-treet: ojtn until lit p. ra l.
__C1 Market virect. corner Sixteenth; open
until 'J p. r~
J0« _lr\tfiit!i oi^-n until 9 p. m.
Jff.(6 Valrnrla «— -et; oj>en until 9 p. m. ¦
Northeast comt-r Church and Duncan streets ;
open until 9 p. tn.
Northwest corner of Twrnty -second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 0 p. m.
22*Xt Klllrr.ore street; c*n until 9 p. m.
m_i-:ti*u kotices.
CAUFOnNLA Chapter No. :.. Et A. M.. n
nil! nut-t THIS ISATUROAT) EVEN- V*_f
INii. M_rch 1_. at 7: 3it o'clock; M. M. /V\
iUgrce. l'y order of the H. I'..
FltAXKUS II. DAY. Secretary.
OiTlDKNTAL lx-Upe No. 22, F. and A. _
M.— THIS O-ATC—DAT) AKTEli- "*A»
KOON at 2 c'clork: hIso in the ESV2N- /\f\
INC at 7 :'M o'clock. Third de-Rree.
Master Masons cordially invited. By order of
t_'. Mnster.
WALTER G. ANDEnsOX. Secretary.
GOLPEX GATE Kncaapmrnt No. 1. I. <_ «,
O. O. F. — Golden Kule an.l Ilnyal rur-*\^*
pl« desroes THIS (SATUHDAV) S\.
EVEX1XG. C. K. PE— RT. O. P. */ X
t\CE_SlOH Degree Lodge No. -!__"•_.
.. 1. O. O F.— Ueeuiar m--otlr.it -^pjQfiJ^V
THIS <PATT;nDAY> EVENING. %*S<S5CP.?
FliYt decree. Ji JUfSx\2*^*
TO. B. CUnTIS. D. -I.
OFFICERS nnJ members of Golden ¦<*»
City Ijodce No. C3, K. of P. — You Vi^>^<
are hereby notified to attend the Z~t?_f
amoral of our late brother, WIL- Jffcx.
_1AM EL KID1). which will take x
lijace undrr the ciftplci-r of this lod D e at 1
p. tn. SLXHAY. March 13. L90L from Pyth-
._« «Ja»tle. 0C9 Market st. Uy order of
THOS. H. ELKINGTON. C. C.
KI>. M. OOfFET. K. ol II. and S.
THE officers anj members -j.
of <;::¦¦¦ Gate Caxno No. A/'J "ti
¦•¦'¦¦'•• to attend th* r*^^\*/t*Wr^^
luncral Mi\i-.« of our t--"^^yilir*'\iy t -
late nrirhbet. F. P. CUR- l ">«»
HIE. SI NDAT. March 1.1. «t 1 p. m. Services
wilt be held at Odd Fellows' Hall. Seventh
«nd Market rt*.
W. D. FKnOrSOX, Consul Commander.
JOHN T. O DONNELX.. Clerk.
j NEIGHBORS n <of Tarnalpali
uri- notlnt-d to attend the f*S~*kr& \x!?fVi
¦>ur late neighbor, A II. fir l"*£|i —-f^ ' i lr^
BTSVE2C& at Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery. 11 o'clock SO-MOIUIOW
• SUNDAY) MORNING.
J. McCANN. C C
A. G. GILSON. Clerk.
BOMETK Francalse de Bi*nfal*ance Mutuelle
• French Mutual Benevolent Society) The
preliminary annual nwtinr will be held
SUNDAY, March 13. l'.K>4. at 1:30 o'clock
V. m s at Native Sons' Hall. 41* Mavon st.
N. IJ. —Only members prvvldcd with their
nook id eood standing will be allowed to of-
fer aay proposition or take par; In votes of
debate V. GARDET. Secretary.
THE C£!ifornl« Debris Ccmrr.lssion having re-
c*lved cppUcatlon to mine by hauJraultc
1/roo*^* jrona F. M. Conn and S. G. Simpson
tn En-.i_rant Hlli rlacer minln. claim near
yulncy. Plumas County, Ca!.. dralnln. into
Creok. which reaches Feather Klver
pive. notice that ni^tlnjj will be held at
rr^m 0*i Flood bul!dln_. Han Franci*L.-o Cal
March rs. HKH. at 1 :3U p. m. '
ANNUAL. Moeticir — Uutchlnson Suirar Planta-
tion Company— -The regular unnual meet!n«; of
theetockhold-re of the HrTCHlNSOV ci-<;*n
PLANTATION COMPANY will li neld I at
the ofnee of the company. No S27 Market
•trect (room 4. second floor), in the city
• nd county of t>an Francisco. State of <^ali
fomia. on TfESDAY. the _d dav of March
A. ».. 11«M. at the hour cf 11 o'clock am
lor _• purpoM of electing a Hoard of Di-
rectors to nerve for the ensulnsr year and
for the transaction of such other business
•* iray rroprrly rome befor- the moetlnc *
Transfer bock* wf_ dose tn FRlf)\T
March U ZVM. _t 3 o'clock (t. m rlvli ' A1 «
_ . »¦ VT. THOMAS,
f^ecretary IIutrliir.«f>n Piicar Plantation Com-
pany. _7 Market strvet. £an Francisco.
California -~~~.
Fan rranc!s?~. Cal.. March S. ISfM.
AGKXTS U'ASTKD.*",
B—UABUB arrnt*. Ecntlcmen or lafilesrto *«11
ml_ir._ rtncJc; so«>c to pay ClrVcndx "**"»
Parrott huildins. nrth noor. ~™?7
WANTim— General. n*«r.t; irdustrlkl invest-
tnont; rx?ep:ior.aJ openlrp for capable man-
i:bcra- oompen>atlcR. Addreys box 4152 Call!
AGCXaZXJer evtry c'.ly or the l ; nr«m for "the
.iar-uls Hair Tcale Co.: liberal terms. 414
t^*2__— _^*"_________l!*L
_ AD VX JtTISE__a T VTItlTIUO.
HAVING recenUy ae«i:ii--d thrrush «_cnan_e
r.t rj-operty lhrf« fU> -rholarsrapa ! n the btjit
Colleg- <,f A<ivcrt»*!nc In the United State/
I will »rll them at _i |wr t*nt disci-unt for
?a*h: the coilesf BHtelwa -dvertltetient writ!
ir.s tj- ccnrespcr.dcr.ee and _m|s_ «•» e r_(i-
f.itc* to c-cuie pcs::ion>t: catalrcueii fur-
:i'«.h»J en nppll.-nli.'n. Addif>!» hny wa <- al )
ATTOI».\EVS-AT-I,A"%V.
A PniVATE. . <;n;ck «Slvorc« fcr a «niriTre«[
£«*e _-.•! _n«J j*v«> snor.tj-; c> pay in n..:vsrce
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-U\Sv
J>tAl-!!il:e_ __ yrs.: nr*. 1. 2. 3. * _ 3. It' fl
il_ M-rket ct.. between __»cr. unj Tajrto?
A-vU€ fi^<? ai! iKattcrs. Detrctlv«:# e_;.2 0 Ve_
IS. XV. KIN*.!. Attcmey-at-l_w. Esam. bldir~
Ctn flocr. en:r_fcf» rcosn tTll; estat-lirhed id
yesrs; _it < r.n s. ct-neral rcurt and ofru'~ prac-
tice: r.o tea Ja advance cr for ronsultMton-
cvtnh.gr ty a.npulntr_ct:t. Trl. Ited 3CC1.
_. R. Cl_inK. 0.7 Market ~et.**cor^j!TaUon
Ire*; so fct-« In advance; o;>e;i evialz^s.
cn-oncE— co*t». ns'r~q-ici«i " nuiM: advTc*
irx-i -; o;yn ev-r.!rty». ft_7 Market »t.. m. ."01.
_^noAJu>i.\G ron ciiiLon_.\.
A CKI_D can Lave a Fplenild home and rood
«_/v .n a rink healthy taeatHa: lanf» carJen;
Sin f^r iBccth. Call t-r address MitS. CAR-
STEED, !C3 T-.-cnty-_:th ave.; pbene Stelner
O«iCl> hmc for tmall chlMrrn: wether's care;
terr.j- tn «jit. _t?_S nucnaVt«« uv»..AJ«tn«"<l«,
CTJttSS — TTPTTOS.
WHO!- Hunter. l_tW M_-lc«t rt.; $100; ruptur-
cvi-e icr $.0; circular csplaina; *c__ tcr aat.
¦ . .'. -.._ ' ¦'*:.. •¦'*-.•'. V.T-'.-f -¦ .-'',...,'¦-'... .' 1 • • -- "• - '- •.- — >~\
' To A_ve_*fe.seps in Ne_st S^as^dfay's Classiiiedl Coitimns
THE C_4___* Offers Free a Niae-ImcSa Flexible Cellu-
loid'-LeUer; Opener and Piaper Cutter WitH Litfeio-
Handle- — a Very Necessary Article for Home
or Office Use. *{* . &.' - '.- \p. . \^ '^
This gift can be obtained by placing a Want AcJ, in Next SUNDAY'S CALL, and in no other
way can one.be secured. Premium will be^given Thursday, Friday and untii 11 p. m. Saturday.
•A^ter that hour offer Will be closed.^ . ,-jr; -. . •
r^Y iLiyw'i^^ *y*g**i^t Tflji tfJwy'Pv^ Py^iiL i *t l *f*jjtj31^y^-^LJt_wflfc-^P-3r^S^-_i-rl-rCfB-oH-^PK. *'¦' '¦ "¦ ¦*¦ ' ¦'¦' - 1 ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -- ¦'¦ . . ¦ . ¦> jr*. t >-*<v,'* '' ¦¦ -v- ¦^»7t% f ty\mr ¦ "¦ ¦ ¦'¦'¦¦ __rS^_SS(
tMVwiiri f Xjt?»Y^jL3^^S\'E*^it'^yx ~^^tf^ziS^f^-tsnV^yj^j^flS^v^*^^^&^]— iff --^ty_h'^r ' .-. j3HBiQHBi^33BBBBffl^BFBWk. ¦¦ v "¦;¦¦¦;. v'i'v gv^£r**^y3/' 'vf* «*^jy jjjfc "**^"^ ai^fc^Ki/^'^y <*«& '¦^sft*ySf l ?^^fip^!
_E_BD_taKNv^3Snr_rV* QJ^b m* Ktw ' _3r_L^t ' |*ffftflWjHB»»^BpjljjMsW|^P '•'.'.•' .- ¦ jftA^ff? »'ifL^_P^_BJBst_Br-s-^LK-—^-?jK* C W_»'4r^^W^*^^v-t*^'''r^ f *^^^r^fc - ' y / y^vfe y **^^H^ * f-r^^Tsr
LKITER OPENER AND PAPEi< CUTTER.
«^» — —TELL YOUR WANTS —
«# IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
:¦'¦.¦¦ And you will be speaking direct to OVER 85,000 REGULAR
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising medium.
i ' It is safe to fijrure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to
2SS.000 PERSONS, most of whom arc home people, consequently a well-to-do and . desirable class of our
community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares. ' . - '
Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Sun-
day's Call. ¦ ' ' • •
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OPFICS of the San Francisco Call, oorn.r Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock evary night In the year. - - -
BRANCH OFFICES:
100S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. tn.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. tn. -
200 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. •
639 McAllister street; open until 5:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. * .
1941 Mission street;- open until 10 p. m.
. 2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m. ¦ - - .
¦ - 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 pi. m. '¦'. ¦¦¦ :
Northeast corner Church and Duncan street*; open- until • p. m. - - , ¦
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. tn.
2200 Plilmore street; open un ill 9 p. m. ' .
OAKLAND OFFIC_: /
111S Broadway ?--. .Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
' 2143 Center Street.... ......Telephone North 77
' J • ALAMEDA OFFICE: . • .
Schneider's Book Store Park StreetTHR SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARGH 12. 1904.
13
APABTMEHT HOUSES— Contlnned.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness — The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
erlc lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
St. Andre. 1230 Pine — New management, superb
aptmta;strlctly first-class :steam heat: electric
lights;priv.;phoce;elev. ;1 to 4 rms. -.with priv.
bath; turn, or unfurn. MRS. \V. WEIR, prop.
MASON. S25— Elegantly furnished sunny 4
rooms; a_artracnti«; private; bath; electric
lights; phone; adults.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms; alno single: furnished' or unfurnished;
marine view: reference*. Phone East 1350.
IROQUOIS Apartments, 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
worth: 2. 3 and 4 rms.; open for inspection.
HADDON HALL.
981 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
AJABTimsTrarwAHTro.
VTANTED — A well furnished apartment • of S
rooms: must have all modern conveniences.
Box 2946. Call office.
A 3-ROOM apartment wanted, furnished. Ad>
dress box 2932. Call office.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Infarn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; ever? room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
1 A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms, 25c, 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 SO to $10 week; house open all night.
ALL newly furnished, beautiful rooms at the
Waverly rooming house. 841 O'Farrell st.
BURNETT. 1I2U Market (old No. 1354)— Fur-
nished rooms, sutte. single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corper Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located; sunny, single rooms
and suites, with private batha. hot and col-
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room: elevator. Phone East 1317 If desired.
ELLIS. 611— Nicely furnished sutte. suitable
1 for 4 gentlemen or 4 ladles; phone and bath.
FERN HALL, S12 Bush— Elegantly furn. rms.;
all eunny; terms reasonable: references.
FIRST, 317 — Large,' front, ninny room for 2
men.
FOR single gentleman. In private home (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2C24, Call ottlce.
FRANKLIN. 20H — Two sunny rooms, suitable
for gentlemen; $U and $3.
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. Golden Gate ave.— Sunny
furnished front room; all conveniences, $8.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
GOUGH. 1309 — Sunny front room to gentle-
man: also elde room; rent reasonable.
HAWTHORNE. 18. off Howard St., nr. Third —
Two large sunny rooms; yard, sink, stove,
gas; $12 ner month.
HOWARD. 640— Large sunny front room, suit-
able for two: respectable people wanted; $3
' montlu
HYDE. 140C — Two large. . unfurnished, sunny
rooms; use of bath; $12.
JESSIE, 363, east of XT. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms, $5, $6 and $7 per month.
MASON, 825 — Elesantly furnished sunny
rooms: <ulte and single; bath; electric lights;
phone: adults.
JESSIE. 3C3, east U. S. Mint — Furnished
rooms. $5 and $7 per month.
POLK, 307 — Nicely furnl -n :d rooms wir_
phone and running water; c'.iqj;>.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
readins-rcom. smoklng-rocm and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month, $3 to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER, 406 — A bay-window unfurnished
sunny suite for gentlemen; rent $25.
THE AVOCA, 837 A Mission— Furn. rooms by
the day. week or month: prices reasonable.
THE PIERRE, 579 O'Farrell — New. modern,
up-to-date rooms; central: $12 to $20.
TURK, 790— Elegantly furnished, sunny front
suite; all modern conveniences; reasonable.
TWELFTH, 232 — Three sunny complete house-
keeping rooms;-$18; adults; also others.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week ; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running wster In every
room; elevator.read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 519 — Elegant' front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN WINKLE. 207 Jones — Nicely furnished
' rooms. $2 >. tunny suites. $5 per week; baths.
WASHINGTON. 1402 — Large sunny front room
for 2. with or without board.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and -respectable; 700 roams;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $3 week; elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light in every
room; 15c to $1 a night; 75c to $5 _ week;
open all night; convenient to all cars.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 id. m.
ROOMS A.ND BOARD.
HOTEL IIAXTON
077 Pine, near Taylor": elegantly furnished
suites; private baths: all modern conven-
iences: excellent table.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE., NEAR GEAHT ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS. '
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 708.
_____________
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPENING; EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCK.
HOWARD, S41A— rirs>t-cla5<i boarrl with room,
single or double, $i5O-$3 week; American
family: home cooking; home comforts; piano.
VAN NESS ave.. 944. corner O'Farrell st. —
Large front alcove room, with board; reason-
able. ¦
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table; from $40: single $25.
VAN NESS ave., 1714— Elegantly furnished
suite*, uitn bat-s: also single: homelike.
ROOMS AXD HOARD AVAXTED.
WANTED — Board and rooms for husband and
wife In a private i family in. the country,
close to city, on car line; small country
home preferred, where they have their own
. fruit orchard, chickens, cows, etc.; stat* ac-
commodation* and rates. Box 2939, .Call.
SFAVlXCJ»A£imESJ^iDS^^
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use;
best Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all kind* rented lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10. $15. $20; second-
hand, $3, $5. $S: all styles; guaranteed. New
¦ Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
STLTTERIXG AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cu*»
. in every case; individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cor*.
MAR 1U AGE MCnXSES.
The following marriage licenses wers issued
yesterday:
Leonardo Sunzieri, 25, 11 Jasper place, and
Maria Rufcino, 20, 1-1 -Jasper nlace.
Arthur W. Balllnuer. 26, 3215 Twenty-third
street, and Dora B. Peters. 24. 2514 Pine.
Harry Woods. SO. Boston. Mass.. and Maria
Pettee, 18. _. r i05 Leavenworth street,
Raleigh Barcar 47, Vacavllle, and Carrie
J. Bulkley. 31. Vacavllle.
Albert 8. Dohl. 21. Vallejo, and Florence O.
Bollea. IS. -t"5 gutter street.
EIRTHS-MARRIAQES-DEAm
'» Birth, marrlaee and death notices sent by
mall will npt be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices ami b«
Indorsed with tbe name and residence of par-
sens authorized to have the same published.
.Notices restricted simpry to the announcement
' ot the event arc published one* In thu column
free of charge.
BORX.
BALLENTINE— In this city, to the wife of
' James A. Balk n tine, a daughter.
SAMUELS— In Vallejo. March 10. 1004, to the
wife of A. Samuel.", a son.
TERKELEON— In this city,' February 20. 1904,
t> the* wife of James I- Terkelson, a
. daughter. .
WOOD__In this city.' February 27, 1604. to the
• wife of Matthew P. Wood, a daughter.
MISCKL-AXKOPS FOR SALE— Con
BARGAINS in fins diamonds and watches;
easy payments. P. V. GAVIN. 803 Hay-
ward bldg.'
$20— LARGE French range; new water back.
801 Scott, cor. Fulton: tel. flutter 1128.
Encyclopedia Brltannlca; Scribner edition; halt
morocco. King's Old Bookstore". 61 McAllister.
GASOLINE engines | bought, sold, exchanged,
rtpalred. 8ykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
*F0R sale — Piano, music box, crgan, buggy, har-
nets and hay cutter. 422 Orange St., Oakland.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
¦ hand.. I. FRKEMAN. 1329 Market at.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782. Mission; tel. Bush 467.
EOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p., cheap. E. B. Beck tc Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIOALUPI. 933 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1816
Market, ab. Van Ness.. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
' MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st «
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
' bargain*. Billiard & Breck. 131 -Post st. '
SAFES — New and second-hand. : E. B. BECK
' & Co.; 122 Market St.'*/- v •¦:- .--,.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all el.eg. J. E.'DOAK.' 46 Fremont *t. ¦'¦'
ABK for prices ¦ on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDERS COm 110 Montg'y.
WANTED— Gasoline launch, 40 to 50 feet long;
good, stronc sea boat for hard work: state
particulars and where bo;it can be seen.' -Ad-
dress box 4546.-; Call office. ; • .; ¦
¦WANTED — Light steel or Iron rails, eight. or
twelve pound. In good condition. • EDWARD
A'. EL*LSWORTH. Nlles, Cal. ' "
WANTED— A gentle pony, not over 11 hands
high; terms reasonable. Box 4615, Call office.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oft
! clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 013 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought.' H. C HOLMES.
""1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 8741. or .pcstal.
T.ILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
- theatrical poods. 154 ilth St.: tel. Jessie 2851.
MOXEV/TO LOAXV^ "
2aX^h^rman~murphyT^ " v . . ~' v ~~~-'
001-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment. ¦¦ '
- : * Save expenses by dealing directly. - ' -
Estates, second mortgages, . undivided Inter-
est f, assignments of rents, property in trust,
¦ etc.; legacies; life estates and undivided in-
terests in. property, purchased.
: Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
' . . When You Need Money " • . • . ¦¦ ¦
See HERMAN MURPHY. , . , , .
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL 11,000.000.
REAL' ESTATE LOANS. '
INTEREST 0 PER CENT. .
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD M0P-TOAQES.
CITY AND OAKLAND. *
COUNTRY AND TOWN > PROPERTIES. -
ESTATKS IN PROBATE. . .,
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.' .
107-3-9-10-11. CROCKER BUILDING. 6. F.
¦' • ¦ ¦ WILL LOAN ..' '' ~.
A reasonable amount on ,
. . 1st. 2d or 3d . -. • '
Mortgage, on Teal estate or
Chattels, In city, town
'.",- • or country.
- - Low rate of Interest. ,
- Give full particulars,
of property or chattels.
Location, etc. km •
Box 40S. Call office
ANY amount . quickly -on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates;" strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. CS Donohoe bldg.; • 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned to salaried- people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-bouses, without
¦ security ; easy payments; large business In
40 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry.- at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S4C Market; tel. Main 1B44. Branch, 19 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery st., rm. 7.
M. JACOBSON & CO., financial brokers, Emma
Spreckels bldg.. rm. 621; loans and all other
. financial matters. negotiated; confidential.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
I diamonds, pearls and precioun stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth ct.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFF'lCE. 103 Grant ave..
: LOANS FROM $1 TO *10.0OO.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-43, Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indoraed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.'
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy;no commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, C3S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. C Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employee. R. .Ill Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indori-er. MORELL. COO Examiner building.
MI'SICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.'
ba?igaTnTTn^eco7?d^i^n1)'p7a^oT^Cs
FOLLOWS: .
Two Steinway, one Chlckerlng. one Sterlln*,
one Halnee Bros., two Steck. one Steinway
grand and one Steck grand; also many other
pianos from $75 up and square pianos from $10
up. all fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 OTarrell st.
A CLEARANCE eale of upright pianos from
$50 up: greatest bargains ever offered in San
Francisco; ail makes. We rent upright
pianos for $2 per month; new at $:i per
month; all money paid applies on purchase
Heine Piano Co., 230-237 Geary St. Oaklafld
address 1.52 Broadway.
ONLY Diaho house in the city that will rent
you a new piano for $•'{ per month and allow
0 months' rent and cartaee off purchase
price; sole agents for'McPhall. Schiller and
other make*. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will be pold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1030 Market st.
SMALL pianos for small apartments; great
I .tone; rent or sale. Byron Mauzy, 30S Post st.
i NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
raents. SCHMITZ & CO.. IB McAllister st.
3-PEDAL^einway up. ;Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shoni^Ser. little used. Keeffe's. 2S3 O'Farrell.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
most given away. Hornung, 210 McAllister.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; S135. 237 Geary St. . -
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post fct.
INFORMATION wanted of John Driver, or
, Samuel Driver; John Drlver'ls a cripple, age
about 50 years: Samuel Driver is some years
young-cr; information of their present rtsl-
dence will !¦<¦ rewarded^ L. HARRIS, 14U9
Wtbitcr st.. San Francisco, Cal,
I HEREBY give notice that I have purchased
tho business conducted at 450 Third St.,
¦ known as the Red Front; all" outstanding
! claims against the busines. must be present-
ed by 12 o'clock. Tuesday, 15th, "04. . .NICO-
LAS PAPPOS.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 781 O'Farrell st.. near Larkln.
Call or write for book,- free. -"
. "Hints on Beauty.:'.
Al SUITS to order at $1 Weekly. Wehavs
contracts with leading 'house* to take all
. their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on Installments cheaper than
others do fcr ccsh. LEON LEMOS, merchant
tailor. 1127- Market »t.. bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
¦ Osteopathy; • vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine 'for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Mortis, 116 Taylof.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair,' im-
proves its growth, stops falling. cures dandruff
. and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
-cleanses scalp ;at druggists'* hairdressers' ;ac
. cept no subsume. Star Remedy Co.,1338 Polk.
A — Mlcrotlne, a positive cure for catarrh, cold
In the head, hay fever, headache and all
. bronchial affections; send for free sample,
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.,: 272 Bth,
THE Infallible system; the only copyrighted
successful method of keeping ahead of the
. races;' good forever; pries $1. Sold only by
PITTS, 1003 Market' at. t: ; •, ; .:
SUITS to order on installment- of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS &CO. (Inc.), tailors, 729.Market.
help }Y_y*T^P—^Ah^~^*V*^ !__*J^__
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
— 629 Montgomery 8treet, 626 —
Phone Main 1191. Upstairs.
SPECIAL TO-DAY ONLY.
BOSS HERE TO-DAY. BOSS HERB.
FARE $S 00— TO-DAY ONLY— $5 00 FARE.
NEVADA— S HOURS— NEVADA
GOVERNMENT WORK— FEE $1 00.
Teaxcsters, laborers, muckers, drillers a.nd
tunnelmen, $2 to $2 60 a day; 8 hours.
SPECIAL FARE TO-DAY, ONLY $5 00.
B more carpenters, long job, $80 and found.
WANTED— Those who served In the U. S. Vol.
unteers In the war with Spain and the Philip-
pine rebellion to apply, for two months* extra
pay. which Is now due. For particulars, call
or address F. B. WILSON. 45u Parrott bldg..
San Francisco. Cal.; open ffom 9 a. m. to 9
p. ra. ' . •
FIRST-CLASSinan to do shaping, band sawing
aud turning; also man to run ter.anter,
clicker and mortlser for sash and door work.
Apply CENTRAL PLANING MILLS. 19th
and -an Pablo ave.. Oakland. .
BARBERS — 3-chair outfit for sale cheap. Call
720 California st.
MAN to do Janitor work for tultioc In S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard et. ' ' ¦
Pension Atty.. K. A. Bul'.lr. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thorns s\ Post.. Q. A. ;R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third fit./ near Mar-
ket— 700 room?; 35c r.isht; reading - rooms;
frea 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. -
A BRANCH office et The Call for tbe reception
€>t advertisements and subscriptions' has beea
j opened at 1008 Market rft_ opposit* Fifth.
i Open-untll 11 pv m.- - • ¦-••.•¦ ". • _¦. . _
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
I Call Branch office, cor. Duncan _ Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission »_,. bet 1st and 2d «ts.
J GET your ?hoes half-soled while waiting- 25c
I to SOc. 663 _l]»fion St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts
__ HORSES AXD AVAGOXS. /• j
REGULAR auction eales of horses, buggies,
wagons and harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at «15 Ellis st.; all horses guaranteed
to be as represented. S. W ATKINS. Auc-
tioneer. Pfcone East 743. ' " -
AI7CTION sate of horses every Wednesday at
| 11 a. m., 327 Sixth st.; every horse must be
I as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
BAT horse. 1« hanasl price $200; surrey.
$75: new butcher or grocery wagon, $125;
I beach trap, 8 seater, $350: rubber tire top
! road bug_y, $76. Box 4S4S. Call.
FOR wle— At Eclipse stable, 1375 Eddy st..
brood mare, weight 1250; 3 business horses;
two cheap carts.
WANTED — A good, sound driving horse for
city _se: state age and price asked. Box
20-4. Call office.
I FOR sale — 5-year-old mare; roadster; single,
or saddle. 2056 McAIHeter »t.
HORSE for sa!e. 7 years old; good, true work-
»r: 1200 lbs. Box 2029. Call office.
FOR SALE — Light delivery wagon used very
little. Box 2932. Call office.
I WILL gi\-e pasture to two horses for the
use of one; light driving. Box 2945. Call.
i WANTED — To buy a light business buggy;
must be In goo, condition. Box 29C4. Cftll.
| AUCTION even' Tuesday, 11 a. m.. of horses
wagons and harness, at 1140 Folsom st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light : camping, wagon
and go-cart for eale. cheap. 532 Mission st.
j Largest asscrtmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd, sur-
rey, harness. Tvork.drlvlng horses. I5th-Valencla.
HOUSES, TO LET.
A — PRINTED, list of houses to let! send for clr-
j cular. G. H. t'MBSE.V & CO.. 20. Montgomery
I MCALLISTER. 12e9 — 12 rooms, bath and bil-
Jiard-room; $60; water free; modern.
I BEE Renting Department M. Friedman & Co.,
237 PoEt *t.. for nice flats and houseg.
BEFORi: moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post Bt.
HOI SES TO LET — FrnxiSHED.
A— 10 ROOMS, bath, basement, heater, laundry,
large garden, conservatory; sunny Hide Sac-
ramento St.. near Pierce,; will lease. For per-
mit to ln*Dect apply to SPECK & CO.. 203
Montgomery st.
A SPLENDID location; 19 rooms; nicely fur-
nlFhed: banraln. 1555 Octavia st..cor. Sutter
! — ¦
HOUSES WASTED — Fl'RMSHED.
i NEWLY furnished house of S to 10 rooms.
Western Addition. Room 302. Hearst bldg.
¦ LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, In
the nnme of ALBERT ECKMAN, No.
X99-Iu45. The finder will please return to
bank.
I LOST— On O'Farrell St.. March~4T~gold~stick-
ptn, eapiihire in center surrounded by f> dla-
monde. Liberal reward If returned to A.
CROCKER. 007 Montgomery st.
LOST — One automobile drawer and tools. Re-
turn to PIONEER AUTO CO.. cor. Golden
Gate ave and Oetavla st. ; reward.
LOf-T— Groat Dan.\ Wit UsLod'e; reward for
r-turn or [atOnsattoa leqdltuc theie to. H(2
Harrison st.
REWARD $10 for return of small foxt-rrier,
white, with tan spots; license No. 1511.
Return to 1)14 Market at.
LOST — A brown fur bca; liberal reward to
tinder. Address C. W. HUNT. Pacific Mu-
tual buildln_.
FOUND— A pin in an automobile; owner can
have It by proving property. 214 Post et.
- MEDICAL. ~
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
(rom Irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always «i»fe. painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience In all
female disorders; call or write without delay;
advice free; correspondence confidential.
¦DRj WHITE. 702 Market *t.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; :t0 years' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
malo troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. KCS'd Market et.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O* DON NELL— All who are sick or
I j in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. OfXce._101S Market st ;
A DESTITUTE women's friend; free secluded
horn* durine confinement: also housekeeping
rooms; infants adopted In good homes.
MRS. DR. FUNKE 1410 8th St.. Alameda.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetric*, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, .10 to 5; 22 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
ppeciui;>t ; a private home before and during
confinement: beet medical care; low fees. •
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
crig'nBl method of treatment. 1120 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom st., corner
2eth; ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. NO. TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLAXEOLS— KORjALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
doeTyour roof leakT? ~~ "
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no paintlnr or coating: good ovvr old
Iron, tin or chlnglea; best for new roof*.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, eold,
tentrd and ¦¦xc Hanged; see Sunday • papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT ypur old and 'new metal and shingle
¦ roofs wlta Asbestos Roof Paint; guarantee
- to stop all leaks in tbe one and preserve th»
new. 205 Front st. ; tel. . Main 1t2S.
A— FINF. rults. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. _ 1.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
eta WHITELAW. 253-255 Bpear st.
ALTERATION eale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 5o!
. - Popular Price Hatter, 830 Kearny st.. near
Pine: open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.' r .
TRY- our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-fortn shoes at $2 SO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ZVtc ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER.
IGAN. 1302 Webf ter. Tel. Jackson 1321.
OAK bedroom set. spring and top mattress; a
No. 7 range. Apply 1924 Post st. .
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes, EU-
OENE RILEY - SONS. 109 Vallejo at.
FOR sale— Plumber's tools, grinding atone and
barbers' chairs. 953 Howard »U - - • • -~: ~ T
LIEBES
MARRIED. -
CRANE— EOUCHER— In this city. March 5,
1004. by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford. Arthur
Cran* of this city and Janet Boucher of
San Jos?, Cal.
MARSHALL— SI 'ART— fc» this city. March 4.
l»04, by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford. Wil-
liam, M. Marshal! of this city anil Amanda,
F. Suart of Elwood. Led.
PUTNAM— LUCHSINGER — In this city.
March 0. 1004. by the Rev. Frank Stuart
Ford. Boula A. Putnam of this city and Ida
la. Luchsinger of Sacramento.
ROBERTS— HAMMACK— In this city. Febru-
ary 2S. 1004. by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford.
William Roberts of this city and Ida Ilam-
mack of Sutter Creek. Cal.
_____ _
Avery, Hattle W. KIdJ. William H.
Bachrodt, Hugo Jr. Klipstein. Win. E. E.
Bogert. William II. Lamcke. Marie
Brown. Catherine Manifold. Henry H.
Costa, Pedro Meatca. John
Crandall. Bather Monnitr. George R.
Currie, Frank P. lira.i. i.harle-
Dunn, All.^ L. Robbir.s E. V.
Fischer, Charles Ruef. Alfred R,
Greene, Daniel Ryan. Thrmas E.
Howe, Ell»n Splllane, Kate
Hunter. Clara L. Trleber, Rc«e
Iaggl. Emlle Watkin. Marie
Jovanovlch. Stane Wiley. I- B.
AVERY— Pas-ed away In this city. March 9.
l!»O4, Hattie W. Avery. beloved sister of
Mrs. M. Dear and Harry Avery.
BACHRODT— In thl» rity. March 10. 1904
Hugo C. Jr., dearly beloved and only chlM
of Hugo C. and Lizzie Bachrodt. and be-
. I»ve<l grandson of Mrs. i-tophix Passet, a na-
tive of Kan Francisco, aeeil 10 months and
4 day*.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral to-day
(Saturday), March 12. at 1:30 o'clock, from
the resilience of his parents. (031)6 Mission
street, between Lufuyette and Twelfth. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BOGERT— In RedJand*. Cal.. March 7. 1004.
William Henry, beloved husband of Clara
Bogert. a native of New York, aged S3 year.*.
BROWN— In this city. March 11, 1!*»4. Cath-
erine Brcwn. beloved wife of Benjamin
Brown, and slst»r of Mrs. Mary HarroM «>?
Stockton. Cat., a native of Kingston. Can-
ada, air-t! e.*> years '2 months and 5 days.
COSTA — In (Mi city. March 0. 19O4. P»dro.
beloved father of Joseph, Charles, Peter.
Jennie and the late Colotnba Costa, a native
of SDaln, aged til years 10 months and •
days
CTTrier.dg and acquaintances are respect-
fully InviU-J to ii M -nl the funeral Saturday.
March 1_. at 1 o'clock, from the D&rlora of
Valc-r.te, Marini & Co., 1521 Stockton street.
Notice — At 1O o'clock same day a req.uiem
high mass will be celebrated at the Spanl5<tt
Church of Gua'Jaloune for the rencse of hi*
soul. Interment New Italian Oemetery-
CRAXDA1-L— In Palo Alto. Cal., March II,
1904, Esther May. beloved wife of J. I!.
Crajvlatl, and mother of Roderick. Uectur
and lvrel! Crnmiall.
C—^Interment -rlvate.
CURRIE— In this city. March 10. 10O». Fran*
Phillip, beloved husband of Emrea <*urrie.
and father of Lla, Robert and Elmer Currie,
and brother of Mrs. J. K. Markley and Mrs.
C. Livingston, a native of California, aged
.4$ years 3 month9 and 1*> days. A member
of Golden Gate CamD No. «4, W. O. W. :
Mission Parlor No. 3S. N. 8. G. W.; Templar
Lodge No. IT. I. O. O. F., and Machinists'
Union.
C7Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral s-rvlces
Sunday, March 13. at 2 o'clock, at Me-
morial Hall. Odd Fellow*' butldlnjr. corner
Market and Seventh streets. Interment Cy-
press I*-.vn Cem«ter>". by electric - funeral
car from Eiehteenttx and Guerrert> streets.
DUNN— In this city. March 11. 10O4. Ailsa
Livingston, beloved daughter of P. Living-
ston and Elizabeth Greenham Dunn, a na-
tive of fan Francisco, aged 22 months and
26 days.
ETFuneral services at 88 Frederick street,
Sunday. March !::. at 2 o'clock.
FISCHER — In Puebla. Mexico. March 9, 18Ot.
Charles Adoloh. beloved husband of Nnra
Fischer, and only and beloved son of Mrs.
Augusta F!s:her. and beloved brother of
Minnie Fischer, Mrs. G. H. Mower and Mrs.
II. Schwart., a native of San Francisco.
GREENE— In this city. March 10. 19O4.
Daniel, beloved husbaml of Annie Greene, and
father of Daniel. Charles. Thomas. Annie
and Lizzie Greene and Mrs. Kate Delavan.
a nattv* of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 1-i
years. A member of St. Patrick's Mutual
Alliance.
OTrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ti> attend the funeral Monday.
March 14, at 9 o'clock, from his late r *l-
drnce. 904 Greenwich street, thence to 9t-
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the reoose of
hU soul, commencing at 0:00 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOWE— In this city, March 0, 1004, Ellen,
beloved wife of Robert Howe, a r.atlve of
Ireland, aged Tl years.
B_T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 2t) Van Ness avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment "Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUNTER — In Oakland, March 11. 1904. at 1OI»
Webster street. Clara Louise, wife of J. C.
Hunter, a native of California, a«ed 43
yeara 10 months and 11 days.
IAGGI— In this city. March 10, 1904 Emils
Iaggl. beloved husband of Mary Iaggl. and
father of Julius Iaxgl. a native of Switzer-
land, aged 37 years 11 months and J) days.
S—PThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday) at 1 o'clock, from the oarlors of
Craig. Cochran _ Co.. 4_O Golden Gate ave-
nue, under the auspice* of Court Ecllpa* No.
.14, F. of A. Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
etery.
JOVANOVICH— In Fresno. March 9. 19O4.
Stane Jovanovlch. dearly beloved wife of E.
R. Jovar.ovich, and mother of Olga. and
Stant: J.ivanovicb. and sister of Samuel and
Marco Zcnovlch and Mrs. S. Dragomano-
vich. a native of Castel-Lastua, Austria, aged
_5 yean 1 month and 2 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
March l:t. at Vi o'clock, from 100 Noe street,
thence to the Russian Church. Interment
Servian Cfmetery.
KIDD — In this city. March 10. 1904. William
II. Kidd, beloved husband of Sarah L. K!<M.
and father of George V. Kldd of San Diego
and Elmore Kldd. a-nd grandfather of Vera
C. and Joa*Dh W. Kldd of S<an Diego, a na-
tive of Ohio, ased fi» years 9 months an<1 _H
days. (Ohio and San Diego papers plea»e
copy.)
B-TFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Pythian Cast!**.
1)00 M.'.rkm street, where services will be
held under the auspices of Golden City Lodg»
No. ft. K. of P. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, via electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Remains
at his late residence. 721 Shotwell street.
KLIPSTEIN— In this city. March 10. 19»k»,
William E. E., beloved husband of Mary K.
Klipstein, father of Etllth M. and Mary E.
Klipstein. stepfather of Catherine R. McGin-
n---ss, son of Dr. Matilda T. KllDStein and
the late Ernest W. KllDStein. and brother
of Robert E. V. and Matilda E. Klipstein.
Mrs. Minnie K. Spexarth and Mrs. May K.
McCammon, a native of Des Moines. Iowa,
aged 29 years 7 months and 28 days. . A
member of Osceola Tribe No. 71. Improved
Order of Red Men, and Brotherhood of
Teamsters No. 85. (San Jcs?. Cal.; Dea
Moines, Iowa, and _t. Louis pacers please
copy.)
CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to att*nti the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from Pythian Castle,
90!> Market street, where services will b«
held under tbe ausDlces of Osceola Tribe No.
71. Imsroverl Order of Red Men. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Remain* at th*
parlors of the United Undertakers. 86(5 Mis-
sion street, between Fourth and Fifth. . . .
LAMCKE— In Frultvale. March 10. 1904. Marie
Lamcki dearly beloved sister of Mrs. Car-
saen Hllltbrandt and Henry Lamcke. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 78 yeara 2 month* ami
27 days.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to .attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday). March 12. at 1 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr _ Co.. 4UJ7 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets. . ¦ .
MANIFOLD— In this city. March 10,' 1904,
Henry Hardlnge. dearly beloved husband of
Ida J. I- Manifold, a native of Dublin. Ire-
land, aged 34 years.
MEATCA— In this city. March 11. 1904. John
Meatca. a native of Greece, aged 70 yeara.
MONNIER— In this city. March 11. 1904.
George R.. dearly beloved son of Gfonre ana
Violet Monnler. a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 1 month and 13 days.
READ---In this city. March 11. 1004. Charles
Read, beloved son of Charles and Mary
Read, and brother of George. W.. Jttinie L-.
Edward. Mary and Frank Read, a native of
'San Francisco.
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter.
ROBBINS— On Thursday. March 10. ISO*, at
' bis residence. 11S0 Mason street. E. V.
Hobblns. In his eightieth year. (Chicago and
New Tork City papers please copy.)
C~*Frieads are Invited to attend " tha
funeral services nt Calvary Presbyterian
Church. Saturday, March 12, at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment private.
RUEF— In this city. March 11. 1004, Alfred
Robert, beloved son of Emma and Geor?»
Ruef.' and grandson of R. and L. Halm and
Mrs. M. Rutf. a native of San Francisco.
Cal.. aged 8 years 7 months and 9 days..
. E_TFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
•fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from th^ residence
HELP WASTED FEMALE Con.
COOK. San Rafael, no waiting »35*
3 e*>ok«. Oermtn style $30-$35
Cook. American family, country I 33
Sccuad Kirl, same house $25
Cook, hctel. country $35
IntKr._'s nurse, city $35
Waitress, hotel, city ..$25
Chambermaid and wait, I meal .*20
i>ec-ond cirl. 2 in family, country $25
Nurse, 2 crown children $25
Cook. 2 in family, will taka woman and
child 115
40 general hcu*e\rork girls, city and coun-
try, f2O-?_T.-*3O. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. .::« Sutter »t.
8 OIItLS. general houst^-erk. easy place*. $20;
¦rtrl for houseivoi k. 3 In family, no washing.
?25; girl fcr housework. 5 In family, $25;
woman to wash elherware and glasses in
hotel $15. SCANDINAVIAN FEMALE EM-
PLOYMENT KCRKAl", «H Keamy St.. room
. 3; phone h!«<-k 44^
WANTED — Resident of Oakland: tall, bright
young lady of £ood faraily: ntyllsh and good
appearance: responsible position; good week-
ly ealary. with chance for advancement; ref-
erences requirrd. Address box 1072, Call
office. Oakland.
WANTED — Rpflned. attractive young ladles
to act an reception committee Bishop's Cnl-
vc-rMl nub. Apply Ve Liberty Playhouse,
all day and erening. stage entrance, Frajik-
lin si., rear Fourteenth. Oakland.
V," ANTED — Young woman stenographer who
i« familsAr with the Smith Prwnler type-
writer. Apcly between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE PRO?.' •<
CAXDT wrapper, packer, etc.. for factory. Call
;o-d_y from ft to 12:30. BLUU'S, corner Folk
and Butter ei.
JiON'EST, unfneumbered girl as working house-
. keeper in lodging-house; room and wages.
CVi Howard Et.
WANTED — GJr! for «»cond ivork and waiting.
Apply, irtth reference, 2440 Parlflc ave.
FIRST-CLAi-'S finishers on custom pants;
st-ady work; sooJ pay. 411^i Kt-arsy st.
GIRL f^r c»n?ral housework and cooking. 2210
«>::tral ave.; take car; fare raid.
GIRL to assist Jn roadhouee. 16 Point Lobos
avenue.
WANTED — Fina-claes cafe waitress; $9 SO per
werk. 304 Mason *t.
A VEST operator; steady work; good wages.
Argly S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Oeary at.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of Tbe Cal! tor the recej>-
V.on or s_vertisetne_t» and subscription* has
been oi>ened at 1008 Market St.. opposit*
Fifth. Open until 11 p. ra.
HELP WAXTED — MALE.
IJURRAY & READT. C34^KJ«'rTaVBt
Phone Slain ."VS4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
!rj l»03 we gave During 15KH we hope
work to C0.000 men. to Increase C0.000.
IX) YOn SPEAK
Itclien German Spanish
Greek French Swiss?
we no.
REDUCED RATES.
CHEAP FARES.
NEVADA. NEVADA.
TO NEVADA STATE.
8 hours day. Government Work. 8 hours day.
25 teamttei-s, ship to-n:ght. $2 day.
10 laborers. sV.'p to-nigbt.
Rockmen. drillers. Irrigation ditch.
NEVADA PTATE.
GOVERNMENT WOKK.
SHIP TO-NIGHT.
TO ARIZONA.
SHIP TO-NIGHT.
Close to PreM-ott. ¦ Uli) milo?. $3 10. I
COO laburers. drillers, rocknjen, etc.
r.-egcott, Arizona. Ship Daily, j
¦VVOOIJCHUPPERS.
25 woodchoppers, different Job*.
'. 12 Germans or Ausirlans to chop wood.
12 men to chep wood, make posts, north.
Can^mer, city, plain Job $75
LOOK.
Bey for etore. Sti week; 25 tunnelmen.
2 boys, painting, little experience, $6 to «9
week.
3 boys, learn different trades. $4 to $5 week.
Gardene.:. flowers and vegetables $ti»
MINES.
GOLD SILVER.
COAL COPPER
56 single and double hand miners, $82 oO to
$'M.
12 machine mlnere, good mines, $00.
Carpenter for mine. $105.
Drill fcharpener for mine; cement 0ni;her.
MILKER?, ETC.
16 milkers, different Jobs. $:». $35. |40 found.
ItaU&n-gwlM mUker $3_ and found.
FARMERS. CHOREMEN. LAUORER8
MEN AND WIVES.
3 farmers and wives. Ho, *3o and $00 found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
* cooks, different hotels, ranches, mines, etc.,
$30 to $C5.
« waiter*, bell and elevator boys, $15 to $40
and fouTid.
Porters, dishwashers, roustabouts.
2 laur.flrymen. extra g»«j<l jobs, $13 week.
:: butchers, country Jobs, $JO. $4«, $M found.
Flu ug hter- house butcher. COc fare. $45 found.
Butter- maker, south. $-J5 and found.
Second cook, fare paid, country hotel $45 M
MLUtRAY & READY. G34-G3G Clay st.
At C. R, HANSEN _ CO.. I'hone Grant Ih5.
For State of Nevada, Government Work.
S hours' work dally.
Teamsters, laborers, rockmen $2
8 camp waiter* £$3
Fare and fee. £8 50.
See bors here at 11 a. m.
Ship to-r.!_-ht.
4 waiters, first-class hotel, helps' hall $.{0
Night clerk *4 5
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush St.
BRICK layer for country: Irorjer and polisher.
$15 week; farmer and wife; 3 machinists. £.1
day: 2 carpenters, factory work, $3 day; Iron
moloers, S3 fJO day; 2 machine men and
l«>nch hands. S3 50 day: cart>enter for mill;
<-ookn and other*. J. F. CROSETT _ CO
*ZXb Sacramento «.
WANTED— First clac* grocery salesman: must
be up <o 4ate and California exr>erlence* $75
See j. F. CKOSETT -CO.. 62s Sacramento!
WANTED — Notion and fancy goods man to go
to Lo* Angeien; must •>» thoroughly experi-
rnr*<\ and rapable to manage department. Ap-
ply txtwtfn ft and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
WANTED— E_peri«fior>d *hoe salesman to go~_
•¦hr.rc diMam- from the rity. Apply between
O and 11 a m. at HALE liROS.'
WANTED — Experirnced Janitor. Apply be^
twe«»n a and lla. m. at HALE BROS.'
A— L~ ~-j_
M— i ta learn the barber trade In two months I
end secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free UOLER System
College. €35 Clay «t.
GOVERNMENT position*— Call at rooni l7
fifth floor. 305 Larkin st.. for free Information
a* to positions, salaries, eg* limits, etc.; day
or evenings.
TRY our mn-.'t shoes, union made, at $1 and
tl W per pair, foct-form ehoes at $2 50 or
orthopedic vhoes.$:i SO; best shoes on eartR. 11
Third «t_ Evan.. Uldg.. S doors from Market.
TV/. NTEI) — One machinist, one r.-IIWric'it, i.iw
oni>enter for the country. C«i! .-!t 7J7 tici.t
et.. between fl enj 11 '/clotMt.
BARBERS — Two or three chair shop wanted.
with living rooms. Address box 26 1008
Market Ft.
DAY cook wante/j; 125 Montiromery ave.; Pre»-
c-ott Cafe; between C and 7 a. m.
A I VERTISING ¦pHator -anted. Call at 400
Grant ai«.. -fw-r 3 f. m. -
GOOD barber wanteu Saturday! Call rear
M". Third tt.
A HAPIiKIl for Saturday and Sunday at 628
Broadway.
WANTEIJ — Good barber for Saturday evening
and Sunday. 1415 Valencia «t-
WAN7ED — Good oyster man. 469 Seventh St..
Oakland. . .
ELEVATOR boy to make himself useful. 20
Stockton «t.
BARBERS, take notice — The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to B City Hall so,., or 1504 Market st.
Journeymen Barbers' Union. Local 148, JOS.
n. BLEILT. Secretary.
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkla. P.en-j House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
j_ 217 Third tt. ; 2S0 room-: 25c to COc per night.
WANTED— Flret-class solicitors for perma-
nent business: excellent opportunity; must
furnish refererces. Box 2232, Call.
150 YOUNG men. 18 years of age, to organize
trllltary onsanlraUon. Call S. 6ZANIK. 473
Valencia et.. between 6 and $ p. m.
PENSION ATTT.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; reference* from thousands of
persons for whom I navi secured pensions.
TRT our men'* aboe*. union made, at $!. and
$1 60 pair; root-fonr. shoes at $2 SO; we pay
express or main charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.
GERMAN; steady; reference; handy; tend bar.
wineho-ac; married preferred. Box 2281. Cal?.
TOUNG men, eallora, blacksmiths, carpenters,
green hands, for ships. DENT'S, 26 Steuart.
REAL ESTATE— CITV- — FOR. 1 SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
. - KEAL ESTATE -AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
INVESTMENTS IN FLATS AND HOUSES.
$40,000— Callfornla-st. corner; two fine resi-
dences; rents $225 a month.
$32,500— Rents $212 50 and one vacant lot
1 whereby Income may be Increased. An ex-
ceptionally well built building of four flrst-
class flats; sun and light In every room as
this la a corner with depth on north side of
street.
$25,000— Hyde-st. come/; three fine flats with
ail. the latest - improvements ; right down, town
and will always rent; total rents now $1.35
a month.
$25,0u0 — Montgomery ave., with frontage on
another street also; rents ?20u a month; four
stores, four houses and three flats. .
: $24,000— Jackson-st. comer flats, exception-
ally we!l built, complete In every detail; neigh-
borhood first class; total rents $180 a month.
$22,000— Hayes at; In best business portion;
two new buildings; exceptionally well built;
rents nearly $150 a month, i u-
$20.000 — Rents $130 a month from eight fine
large . flats on nurtn side 'of Union st.; al-
ways rented. ,
$20,000— Etevonth-st. corner; rents $112, but
should be increased. A fine downtown buy
with excellent prospect.
$20.000 — Corner store; flat and two-story
building; 37-ft. front;, will always rent; coat
over $12,000 to build; rents $121 SO; rents can
be increased by adding some Improvements.
I $19,000— O'Farrell st. ; three fine new large
flats, finished only one year ago; key, lot with
sun on east and south: first-class locality;
rents nearly $100 a month.
$19,500— O'Farrell st.; fi flats; rents $152 50
a month; pays 8 per cent net; In locality that
is always rented.
$19,000 — Four exceptionally well-built and
arranged flats; 70 ft. of frontage with 137:0 ft.
of depth, thereby insuring sun and light in all
tbe rooms; 7 rooms and bath each, always
rented. Cars passing.
$19.000— Rents $1CO a month: north side of
one of the- best streets In the Western Ad-
dition; 3 new and nrst-class flats of 7 and 8
rooms and bath respectively; cars passing.
¦ $18,CU0 — Larkln-st. corner; three new .. flats
of 7 rooms and bath; each occupying only half
of lot; other half can be built on and will
pay handsomely. ' ,
$18.500— Halght-st. flats; 60 ft. front: good
neighborhood; rented low at $105 a month but
should be increased. .
$18,000— Haight-st. houses in flrst-cla»» resi-
dence district; 4 fine houses very substantially
built, renting for $35 each; street work all
dona and cable cars passing; in a good rent-*
ing locality. .
. $17,000— Flllmore St.; rents $132 50; three
new flats, with, all modern conveniences; ex-
ceptionally well built. '
$10,000 — Howard St.: rents $117 a month; 6
flats; fronts on two stret-t-. ¦ '
$16.000— Callfornla-st. corner; three good
house!<; rents $115.
$15,500— Laguna st. ; rents $115; 3 new flats,
all the latest convenience;; will always rent.
$15,500 — Hayes-st. ' business building;,' runs
back to rear street. • . '
$15.000— Rents $1-0; Callfornla-st. flats in
select residence locality. •.
$15,000 — Leavenworth-st. corner, with stores
and flats; brings In over $130 a month.
$13,000— Buena Vista ave. flats: three-story
house, just finished; upper, flat has 9 rooms
and bath, social hall; all conveniences and
perfect in every detail : lower flat has 8 rooms
and bath; rented for $35 a month.
$13,500— Stet ner st.: rents $107 50; 3 new-
flat! 1 . G and 7 rooms and bath each; close to
Ellis and Geary st. earn.
$13,500 — Buchanan St.; ¦"< fine flats; rents $105
a month; excellent neighborhood; price Just
reduced.
$13,G0O--Buchanan St.; 3 fine new flats; clos»
to excellent car service; rents $105.
. $12,500—3 new flats on Sacramento St.. east
of Lnrkin: rented low at $105; street work
complete. An excellent buy. Comparatively-
downtown — saves carfare for tenants.
5r2.00O— Three brand new flats, just com-
pleted; facing Golden Gate Park; large lot;
6 and 7 rooms and bath each: rents $101.
$11,750 — Minion st. ; under 7 years' lease to
responsible Concern; pays 7 per cent net.
$11.750 — Hayes r st. business section. with
frontajte on rear street also; two houses.
$H,50O--Two new and elegant flats, with
fine marine and Jand view: 7 rooms and batn
each, with all the latest and finest conveniences
and improvements. Locality very desirable.
$10,500 — Hyde et. ; two stores and one flat In
level block and business locality.
$10,500— Buchanan-st. corner: two good flats,
always rented; rents can be increased by
addinc to Imnrovements.
•$10,000 — Fell-st. flats; rents $77 50;. pun and
light In almost every room; exceptionally -well
built, with all latest conveniences: C and 3
rooms and bath resDectively.
. THOMAS MAOEE & SON'S.
. ¦ 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots In the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level, no
grading to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., Room 5.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 per month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$10,850—3 SWELL flats, not yet completed, but
rented for $1200 per year; 7th-ave. boulevard.
Nos.7tiO-2-4, near Fulton st. ; 1H minutes from
City Hall: all-night car service; every possi-
ble latest Improvement; 25x120. Apply on
premises, from 1 to 4.
I WANT to buy
.2 vacant lots or
A house and lot
in the Sunset District.
State location and price.
Box 2952. Call office.
JIEDUCED from $2oOO to $1800 to make a
quick sale; cottage of 6 rooms and bath; on
Shotwell st. ;• can zet a loan of $1400. D.
s COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
BUILD on ycur unimproved realty: we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at C per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FOR sale — Lot, 50x105; nice garden and cot-
tage; bargain. 712 Church st.
PLUMBING, new or old: estimates given.
AHLBACH & MAYER. K3B Howard st.
REAL ESTATE — Conn try — For Sale.
FOR sale— Country homes In every county in
, California, at all prices, from $450 00 to
$75,000 00. Immense list to select from. If
you want land of any kind call on
HOWE & MERRITT.
- . ' . 952 Broadway. Oakland.
320 ACRES .fine fruit, alfalfa or grain land.
near Winters, Cal. ; property of Good Tem-
•• plars' home for orphans; must be sold. Call
or address VOLNEY TAYLOR. 1433 West «t.,
Oakland. '
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, ¦ orchards,
. : vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. (US
Market st.
HOMESTEAD or timber claim. $25; 1C0 acres
Gov. land, wood and water. Box 4500, Call.'
REAL ESTATE TO fcZVCHANGK.
OAKLAND' property to exchange for good
country property. P. C. —ASSEN, 460 Tenth
st.. Oakland. Cal. ' .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH ave, 616 — 3 good unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; $8. Key 042 Grove st. • , •
ELLIS, Oil— Furnished sunny front alcove. 2
connecting rooms; gas ror.gc, bath, phone.
GEARY, 1002— Nicely furn. sunny front parlor;
: single rooms; housekeeping privileges; gas.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 2.'J1— 3 rooms In base-
ment; gas range, laundry; >14 per month.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suite* ; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
MCALLISTER. CSS— Sunny suites; $14 and $7;
gas range; hot bath and laundry. ; . : ' \
MISSION, H-ift— Nicely furnished rooms fcr
housekeeplngj^slngle rooms $1 50 up.
O'FARRELL, corner. Taylor— -Two housekeep-
ing; roqras; all conveniences.
O'FARRELL, 1510— Nicely furnished suite of
nice sunny housekeeping rooms to let
O'FARRELL, 402. corner Taylor— Two house-
. keeping rooms: all conveniences...
O'FARRELL, 1712, near FUlmore — Entire floor",
j } four sunny unfurnished rooms; gas, bath,
rlosf-ts; phone Geary 17C5,
TWENTY-SECOND, cor. Fair Oa Irs St.— Twi
I furnished connecting rooms for housekeeping.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 4032 — 1 or 2 furnished or
unfurnished rooms to let: light housekeep-
,. ing:'' no- children. v.'
TWENTy'sIXTH, 33C7— Two front housekeep-
- Ing rooms; Mission warm belt;' $12.
APARTMENT HOUSES^
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS V. . • •
a Will be finished March 15.
10S4 SU.TTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
I Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
- bath each; all unfurnished; $30 to $45.
: Make reservations jiow. . : •¦-.,'>.
THE LUNGER, -445 Octavia, cor. Hayes— Just
completed: sunny; modern 3-rro. apartments;
elegantly furnished;, electric lights; -private
- bathe" $40. up; refs.; also doctor's offices.
A. NUMBER; of- very desirable- tunny apart-
ments; 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
' elevator. et<:.: unfurnished or furnished to
'¦' order: . new -house.. The St. Charles. 1560
Sacramento it,, near Larkln. ¦..-... -. '•.-, . ,
THE WANTS vl^ T THEN USE w^ t ADVERTISEMENT IN THE CALL
PERSONALS Contlnned.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
•kin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
LAUNDRY, barber shop, cigars, tobaccos,
newspapers, suits cleaned. ; 300 Golden Gate
ave., corner.. *..--.. *••«,¦
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eased positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
• 812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or wrlte».
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkle?,
• all blemishes removed.: shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 281 Post, parlors 13 and 14.
A.T less than cost, -uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. . . .
8OCIAL dances W«d.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
' classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
LIQUOR habit cured In two days or no charge
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. 907 Market stl
Actina restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIPA CO., 3524 t 19th, nr. Valencia,
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 860 Sut-
1 ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, 'play books* Wigs;
; country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.f733 Mtet.
SUPERFLUOUS hair * moles removed by elec-'
; trie needle.. Dr. Ind.Mrs.-Travers, 1170 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 SOL
j Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
j hair to Its natural color, $1; at all druggists'.
FRENCH massaga" In ' exchange I for English
! lessons. Box 4510, Call' office.' n •'
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
j of advertisements and subscriptions has been
- opened at 1003 Market St., opposite Fifth.
! Open until 11 p. m. ¦¦ .. . » ; ¦ . - . .
t PAL_-1»«:TJ_Y.
MADAM DEVAS. ™~ ~: : ¦ '
I PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBE3
BUILDING. 139 POST ST. ,
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. S13
Taylor st.. near Geary. '.- Phone -Black '661.
PAPBRHAKGIXO, PAINTING, ETC.
ROOMS papered, II up; tinting, painting.
¦ Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third: tel.Maln 413.
PHYSICIANS AXD SIJRGEOXS.
Dlt! cTc?"6 7 DONI?El<L-^Ot_ce and residenwi.
1021*4 Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
': lar attention paid to diseases ot women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st. .
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herd doctor,
I treats all diseases of the human body; for
' past four yeers at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
;• cated at 667 Oeary »t.. -near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
, 1-1; herb "doctor, cures all' diseases of human
' by me of herbs and teas, 727 Washington et.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
1 Now at SE corner Geary and Taylor ats.
WONQ WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dl»-
i eayog cured by Chi ntw»~ herbs. - 740-B Clay «t.
SPECIAL XOTICES. .V.
LADIES, send your address to 1120 Market St.,
S. F.. valuable Information: rbom 2. .
j SPECIALISTS. ;
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and-NOISESln EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's, treat-
. ment free. 'Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
; STORAGE AXD^WAREHOUSES.
A^EMPORhTm Storage _CVan Cq. : furniture^
! household goods stored, moved, shfpped. 725-
T31 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone lirant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce I'c»t and Powell sts. ; tel. Prtv. Ex. 571.
CON'KLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate aye.; Phone East 12b".
'GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Misxlon St.: tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movine Com-
pany. 2320 Fitlmore st. ; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel.- Main -1840 Shipping at cut rates.
"jYPEW'RITERS AXDJSl'PPLIES™
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $-5; other typewriters "at
¦ higher »and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The.
Typewriting Exchange, 530 California st.
A FEW gocd typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars ot L. _ M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
¦ gomery st. ¦ " ¦ " : ¦ '- .
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
dividend; xotices.
AMERICAN Can Company — A dividend of 2H
per cent has this day been declared upon the
preferred stock of this company, payable on
April 1, 1904. to stockholders of record at the
close of business March 21, 1904. The trans-
fer books will be closed as to the preferred
stock from March 22 to March 31, both days
Inclusive. Checks will be mailed.
R. H. ISMON, Secretary.
March 10, 1904^
SAN FRANCISCO" and Suburban Home Build-
log Society, 6th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 703 Market St., opposite Third—
For the half year ending 31st of December,
1903, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
PROPOSALS. ~~~ ~~~
UNTvER > isrTY~o7*T?_^
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men
Notice lg hereby given- that Healed bids are
collected for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for grading, leveling
and terracing certain portions of the grounds
of tlw Affiliated Colleges of tho University
of California, fronting on Parnassus
avenue, San Francisco. Cal.. and said
bids will be "received at the office of
the Regents. South Hall, Berkeley, at
or before 12 o'clock m. of March 18, 1004. •
Plans and I specifications ror said grading
- have been adopted and may be examined
dally at the oftlce of N. BLAISDELL. room
18. 222 Sansome »t., San Francisco, from
U a. m. until 4 V. m.
Bids nr.ust be In the form contained In 'the
specifications. No bids will be considered
unites .accompanied .by a certified check or
• bond of . oldder. In .favor, of the Re-
gents of the. University ot California, equal
to ten (10) per cent of his bid, with sufficient
puret'.es, conditioned that If said bid be ac-
cepted the bidder will duly enter Into a
proper contract and bond to perform the duty
and obligations In accordance with said bid
and with the plans and specifications, which
are hereby- required to-be a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all bids
is hereby reserved. • " :
B« order of the Committee on Grounds. and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.- .
V. H. HENDERSON.
' '¦ ' ' ¦ Actln S 'Secretary.
PROPOSALS for gate and etone wall — Office
Depot " Quartermaster, 30 New Montgomery
»t., San Francisco. Cal., March 10. 1004.
Sealed proposals in triplicate will be re-
ceived at this offlco until 11 o'clock a. m..
March 26. 11)04. and then opened, for 'con-
struction of ' a gateway and a' stone
wall alan* southern and eastern boundary
lines of the Presidio, Military Renervatlon.
San Francisco. Cal., in accordance with
• plans and specifications to b<» — >enatthls
,office. iC. A. DEVOL. Major and Quarter-
, master, U. S. A,. Depot Quartermaster..
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY^ REAL ESTATE. .
A SPECIAL bargain — A- fine 77toom cottage,
large lot; all street work done; good location;
easy terms; price $2750. P. C. LAS8EN. 4C6
Tenth st., Oakland.
ON sunny 'side of Essex St.. one block from
Ashby station, between Adeline and Shattuck
ave.; house of 6 rooms; price reduced $250
for ten days; by owner only. C. R; SHAW,
1668 Eleventh ave.; tel. Brook 130. Make
appointment by, mail or telephone. -
A. MURDOCK & CO.. South Berkeley station,
for bargains; we build, buy, sell or exchan*».
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE; 1118 BE0ADWAY.
OAKLAKDREAL KRTATE.
FOR : RENTriN'-EAST OAKLAND! ~~""~
$21 50— Modern 8-room house on Twelfth ave.,
near car* line and school; good e table;
• high, sunny location. • ; , .
$22 60— Choice 7-room flat on Fifth ave.; con-
venient to car line and station. .
B.H.- WELCH & CO.,
..... , . Fifth ave. and- Eighteenth ¦ «t.
OAKLAX D~ rUB^^ R J^ F OR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in j furni-
H. Schelhaas.lltb et.,cor.store, Oakland.
Continued on Page Fourteen.The naval vessels under construction
in the United States have a greater
total tonnage than those afloat ,
frS^T^ 1 MarCh 8 ~ Stm ' An «*n«,
YOTk 51 '* Maroh 8 - S| i mr Sesruranca. for New
NEWCASTLE. AITS— Sailed March lO-Bktn
Aurora, for Honolulu. ,* ln
Arrived orlor 10 March ll^Br thlD AV J
Plrrle. hence Jan ST.. J
SLNGAPORE-Arrlved nrlor to March 11-
Br utmr Shlmcta. from New York 41
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to March 11 r,
ship Alclnnus. hence Jan 15 " arc n 11— Br
SIIIELDj? — Sailed March 10 — rv k.,v
EdouarU DetalHe. for S.attle ~ *> «>*^
OCEAN STEAMERS
NAPLES-Sallea March lO-stmr Neckar
from New lork. .\ev»ar,
Ne^York U " Ch 1(y ~ Stmr **** O»kar. from
o?&^~i&&& March ll c~*?i *^-
rmudeirh1r h 1<^ Slmr Bueno « Ay "»»- «>*
frT N>w^r A k rrlVe<1 M * rcb St - r «-««».
i MARSEILLES-Arrlved March &-Stmr Vic
toria, from New York, for Genoa «tc xtUX
L^S RomanIC - trom A
CHERROURO— Arrived March 11— o.m^
KaUer -Wllhclm d»r Orotse. f"^ N " 2*5?
via Plymouth, fcr Bremen. «n<| i>7oc»^m
GENOA-Arrived March U-Stm7 Ponces,
Naples m NtW Y ° rk - Vla '«»™««2 : «5
. Steamer. , From. I Due.
Missouri..... Hakodate ..... Mar. 32
G. Llndauer.. Portland & Astoria. ... Mar. 12
Centralla..... San Pedro ..•. Mar. 12
San Juan New York via Panama: Mar. V-
North Fork... Humboldt :, |Mar.' YJ
Valencia Seattle & Tacoma.'. ... |Mar.. 12
Wyefleld Nanalmo Mar.' 12
S.Monica.... San I'edro ...... .'..... Mar. 32
City Puebla.. j l'uget Sound Tort?.... Mar. 12
Eureka. 'Humboldt ....-Mar. 12
Spokane Humboldt .... .....JMar. 12
S.Barbara... San Pedro .'Mar. 12
Sc-quoia Willapa Harbor. Mar. 12
Arcata... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.JMnr. . ]:;
Coos Bay . Pan Pedro & Way 1'ts.lMar. 1.'*
Mackinaw Tacoma .|Mar. 1::
Sonoma Sydney & AVay Ports.. |Mar. 14
Coronado.....] Grays Harbor 'Mar. 14
State of Cal.. Kan Diego & AVay. Pts. Mar. 15
Oregon Portland & Astoria.... Mar. 15
Pomona j Humboldt ............. Mar. 15
Redondo Portland & Astoria. .:'. Mar. 35
Alliance..... I Portland & 'Way Ports. {Mar. 10
Colon I New Yorlc via Panama. Mar. 17
Umatllla j Puget Sound Ports.,:, Mar. 17,
Newburg.....j Grays Hatbor ...'....., Mar. 17
Honita . ..."NewpoVt & Way Ports Mar. 17
Kanta Rosa...!>'an Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 17
Kevadan Honolulu & Kahulul.. Mar. IS
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. .'.'.. Mar.. IS
Anubln * Seattle ....:...'.;..... Mar. 20
O. TV*. Elder. . Portland & Astoria. . . . Mar. "0
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom... Mar. 21
Senator: Puget Sound Ports. . . . Mar. 22
Coptic........ China & Japan....... ".]Mar. 22
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Ptmr Geo W Elder. -Randall,, 80 hours' from
Portland, vln Astoria CD hours.
Stmr Ctnunnial, Strand. 103" hour* from
SeattlP. .
tftmr Rlpsy.'Le!and, 21 hours from Monterev
Stmr Samoa, Mafl^n, 20 hours from Caspar!
Kttnr, Siberia, Smith, 25 days 8 hours and S.l
minute from Hor.Elionz. via Yolcohan a 15
days > and 15 hours, via Honolulu 5 days and
IS hours. •
Stmr Iaqua, Joixenson, SI houm from San
I'edro. . .
¦ t-tmr. Cer:lralia, Erlckson, 40 houraJfrom San
Pedro. - - . - " ¦
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, : 40 hours from
Lurcka. . . .
Stmr Skagit., Robinson. -10 days from Grays
Harbor.' . . ¦
Bark Prussia, Jensen, :5 days from Port
Blakeley. ¦:-
Schr Chts E Falk, Hennlngsen, 9 day» from
Grays Harbor. ¦ - . ,
Schr Novelty, Hoffman. 9 days from- Willapa
Harbor. . • .. ¦ ,
¦_-Schr_ E -K Wood. Hansen, 11 days from
Grays Harbor.
¦ ...Schr W,F Wltxeman,' Peterson, 10 days from
Astor;a. I ... . (
Schr Viking, Estvold, 10 i&ye from A«toria,
Schr Advent. Olstn. 8 dayB from- Coo« Bay.
Brnnch Hydrogrsphlc Office, U. 8 N Mer-
MartfT' ll EX 10W. nKt> Pranci ' sco -' C*W
The Time Ball en the tower of the Ferrv
building was dropped exactly ot noon to-dav—
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian or at S
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant; U. S. N., in charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Time Ball.
The steamer also carried" 94.250 lbs dried
fruit and -"TO lbs rnlsins, valued at $4017, en
route to Winnipeg, Manitoba.
The Bteamer Senator, which sailed yesterday
for A T ictorla, carried an assorted merchandise
cargo cor.fclgned to the port of destination and
the principal British Columbian ports. The
cargo, as manifested up to 3 p. 111., was valued
at $i:«.U'J<> ami included the following:
10S7 j>kKs ricrh CrultsJ 153 pkgs fresh vegeta
ble.*. 22,1175 1V« dried fruit, BOOO lbs raisins, 1»2
r» canned coikIf, 25 cs brandy, 918 lbs cheese,
ICO cs eg&r, H»S lbs ham, C7 pkgs machinery.
30,090 lbs malt. 5165 lbs meals, 81 pkg» paste,
47W loa beans, 2iV»0 lbs rice, 2S00 lbs chocolate,
IS pkes groceries and provisions, 13 bars iron,
4 iikss 1 ¦amis and 011k, 57 pkgs machinery, 8
boiler tubes. 10 bales hose.
Merchandise for the Xorth.
; SATURDAY. MARCH 12.
Sun rises ~ ~ T^ZZ
Sun seu "' £:*"
6^
g (I im -!j Ft. (I lm _ e i Ft. L lra -f f, I Im _!| Ft
- !L AV| II yy\ L W Ft H y, Ft 
)2 j 2:05 3.01 8:13! n.0| 2:47' ,0.3 p:50 it
IH AV |L AV |H W ' Il'av'""'
18!li0^4tgs:0Kfl:Cglfu)lg:S4 4.7| C:12 i.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tiden
the ear;y morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time- th«
fourth time column gives the last-tide of" th«
day. exc*pt when there are bu: three tides «
•sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey chart3. except when a minus (— ?
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given .is subtracted' from- the depth given bv
the cherts The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. . . 1™".
Of a fleet, of twenty-four fishing boats which
rendezvoused at Bay View twenty-three were
destroyed In Thursday's gale.
Whole Fleet Destroyed.
United States coast ar.d Geodetic Survey—
iMandUUjht of High and Low Waters
B»vi., M^i t \ e . ntrance t0 San Francisco
. jiSSSEfcS officlal author!ty of the
tv,^°£ K ~7 Thp nlKl1 8nd low waters occur at
i^t , tV f ront 'Mission-Btreet wharf) about S3
S tSi»"t- 'Vk' than at Fort polnt: the he 'R^
oftlde Is the same at both place*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
8teamer. i For. . I Sails.
nnV-*^ 6 Clt> '- * * Skagway & Way Ports. |MarTl4
sXa j Dutch Harbor v. Valdez Mar. IB
ninV, ••• y aldez & Wa y Torts.. Mar. J6
I?nmh > M."""''l kagway & Way Ports - Mar - 17
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. |Mar IS
•i- l 5 ollaiP V»Wk ft Sward (Mar "0
Pkaeway & Way Ports. |Mar. 20
Clt> Seattje.^^kaKway^& Way Ports. [Mar. '23
YOKOHAMA— ArriVed March R— Br atmr
Empress of China, from Vancouver.
WALNER— Passed March 9— Fnbark EmUIe
Galline, from Orexon, for Ipswich. s . ,
- HONGKONG— Sailed March 0— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver.
, Arrived March 10— Br .stror Gaelic, hence
Feb 10.- . .
CORONEL — Sailed March 9— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, for Delaware Breakwater. - u.
.- VICTORIA— Arrived March 10— Br bark
Hougomont, for Liverpool; stmr Olympla, from
Yokohama. ¦• . • ' ¦ ••: - -
: ; Sailed : March 10— Jan ' stmr ¦ Iyo • Maru, for
China and Japan. ¦¦¦.-¦" '--
FOREIGN PORTS,
• PHILACELPIII A— Arrived March fr— Ship
Ersltlne. M'l'heli'S. from. Hor.n'ulju.
DELAWARE BREAKWATKK— Parsed up
March • 11 — ttr shiD I.arsro Law, from Calete
Buena.'for Philadelphia. .
I BALTIMORE— Sailed March 10— Br Btmr St
Hubert. -for Coronet: ' *
, NEW YORK— Arrived March 11 —Stmr
American, from Philadelphia.
-NEW YORK— Arrived March 11— Stmr Amer
ican, from Seattle and Tacoma.
ISLAND PORTS.
- HONOLULU — Arrived March 10 — Bktn T P
Emigh, from Astoria.
fialltd March 10 — U S stmr Sherman, for
Manila: schr llcl'ne, for San Francisco.
KAHULUI— Sailed March 10— Stmr Ne
vadan, for fc'an Francisco.
JIILO — Sailed March 8— Stmr Enterprise, for
San Francisco. March !) — Bark Roderick Dhu.
for Sr.n Francisco.
MANILA— In nort Feb 1— Echr Gamble,
from Port Gamble.
• v EASTERN .PORTS.
ABERDEEN — Selled March 10 — Bktn
Wrestler, schrf F»nnle Adele and San Buen
aventura, for San Franci»co.
SEATTLE— Sailed March 10^ — Stmr Dolphin,
for Skagway.
Arrived March 10— Stmr Melville Dollar,
hf-nce March 0; stmr Montara, hence March «$.
Returned March 11— Stmr Valencia, from
here March 9 for San Francisco, returned on
account of "«torm.
Arrived ' March 10^ — Stmr Santa Ana, from
Vajdex: slmr Dlrlglo, from Skag-way.
KEDONDO- Arrived March 11— Stmr Fran
cis H Lepgett. from San Pedro.
PORT HADI/X3K— Sailed March 11— Schr
Carrier Dove, for Tacoma.
SAN PEDKO— Arrived March 11— Stmr Co
quille River, hence March 7: schr O M KelloKjr.
firm Grays Harbor: stmr Coos Bay, hence
March 8. ,.
Sailed March 11 — Schr Erie, for Grays Har
bor: ach Dauntless?, for Grays Harbor: bktn
Quickstep, for Port Townsend ;; stmr Francis
H Leceett. for Reiondo; stmr Coos Bay, for
San Francisco; stinr Santa Barbara, for San
Frnncl?co. \
•TACOMA— Sailed March 11— Schr Susie M
Plummer. for San Pedro.
Feb 21— Lat 37 north. Ion .15 west, Rr ship
Loch Torrldon, hence Nov 6 for Liverpool.
Keb 11— L*t 0 south. Ion 34 west, Fr bark
Montebello. from Swansea for. San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. March '11. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind 'northwest; velocity 24 miles per
hour.
SPOKEN.
TELEGRAPHIC
SAILED.
Friday. March "11.
. Stmr Geo Ixjomls, Badger. Seattle. .
U S stmr Buford. Hall. Manila.
Stmr State or California, Thomas, San Diego
end way ports.
Stmr Senator. Alberts. Victoria and Port
Towntend.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Rtmr Centralia. Erle'riscn, Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary C, CamDbell, Bodega.
Friday, March 11.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego; Pa
cific Coast Steamshio Company.
Stmr Senator, Alberts. Victoria; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company. ;
8tmf Pomona,, Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamshio Company.
Stmr Bonlta. Glelow. San Pedro: Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Rosecrans. Johnson. Portland; Matson
Navigation Company. !
CLEARED
FROM SEATTLE,
Captain Duke and posses raided an
other poker game last night at 57 El
lis street. Twenty-eight gamblers
were taken from the Seattle Club In
the Baldwin Annex. The place Is con
ducted by Charles Schaffer. All were
released on bail.
Gambling .Joint Raided.
Ashore in River Elbe.
The German ship Schlffbek, bound to Santa
Rosalia from Hamburg, Is reported ashore In
the river Elbe. Tugs have been sent to her
assistance.'
Corriff.in. Miss Mary Monson. R. Muller, Mrs.
A. F. Griffith*. Mrs. K. M. Styne. Kev. F. U
Nash and wife. H. Tucgy and wife, B. \ on
Danim Mrs. W. M. Kincaid, Miss lizzie
Hallf.m, S. Levintstbn and wife. Miss 1>. F.
Forte, Miss K. Maclean, I). K. Llewellyn and
wife F J Arnweg. Miss Morgan. T. C. Tread
well and wife. F. H. Moore. Mrs. E. C. Mac
farlane. A. K. Harford and wife. J. Marsden.
5 s . T. Alexander A. Blom, F. F. Baldwin, Miss
Annie M. Alexander. Miss Edna Wtmpele. Mrs.
F Damon. Mrs. Grace Waterhouse, . Mi?s« A.
M. Pugh, J. F. Morgan and wife, A. B. «ood
and wife C. W. Kellog and wile, A. M.
Ua-ber. Mr«. K. I. Nas. Mrs. P. Neumann,
F.mil Tsfhumi. M. S. Ganse. T. J. Dlven, Bruce
Bonny M&ster R. Roff. Master Wood. Master
E TuVsy A. R. Heneage. Charles S. Park,
Mrs. \V. S. Ellis. William J. Landers and wife.
Alameda Sails To-Day.
The Oceanic Fteamship Company's liner Aljf
meda will sail at 11 o'clock thhs morning with
a full carRo. Among her passengers will bji
the following named:
Mrs. K. M. Perrin. Mlas Anita B. Perrin.
Miss Flora I>onaldson. Mr. and Mrs. Pender
gras* Miss Beatrice E. Ilahn, Mrs. Ersklne
Iiahn, Mr. and Mrs. b\ B. Whitin, George
Spottiswoode. Ur. Sarah Spottlswoode, St. C.
Meaning Miss Lila Keen, Mrs. C. L. Ham
horn Mr. and Mrs. L. P. Holies. Mr. and
Mrs. Loren Stevens,. J. M. Mackinnon. H. K.
Williams V F Crowson. Mr. and Mrs. J. L.
AVoods Mr*. F. J. Hare. Mr. and Mrs. J. Hull
lirown'lng. lie Witt M. Richards, F. H. Ander
son. Gavin i?pen~e. J. Uusoh. H. W. Rice,
Miss M Fisher. Miss G. Fisher. Rev. P. C.
Webber.' B. C. Harnett, II. L. Walker.
?
Cable Steamer Ashore.
The British cable steamer Scotia is reported
ashore on Spanish Rocks, Guam'. The water
Is up to her deck and it Is feared she will
become a total loss.
LINER SIBERIA, WHICH EN
TERED PORT THROUGH
THE. ROCK CHANNEL;
_" .-¦• TO SAIL.
Bteamer. \ Destination] Sails.! Pier.
' March 13. |
Czarina Coos Bay direct.. 5 pmlPler S
Uilzabeth... Coquille River 10 am Pier 20
Empire Coos Bay direct. . 12 m Pier 13
Bor-lta Newport & Way.. » am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Peru n. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
March 13. I -
G. XV. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amIPier 24
S. Rosa San Diepo & Way. 9 am Pier 11
- March 14. |
Spokane , HumbolcU 1 :30 pIPler 0
• ¦f-ntennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. fi pin Pier 20
Eureka.... Humboldt 12.m!Pierl3
CoronacJo... Los Angeles Ports. 10 amIPier 10
March IB. I
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 2 pm Pier —
Arcat a Coos B, & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
March 16.
Coos Bay... San Pedro &.Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Putble Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Sequoia Willapa, Harbor .. 4 pmlPler 20
„ March- 17. |
I omona.... Humboldt l:30p|Pier 9
State of Cal | San Dlepo & Way. 9 amIPier 11
,, , March 18. | I
Alarfpos*.. Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
vresun Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
c T March 19.
v° n k "•••!>•'. Y. via rar.ama.112 mlPIer 40
Grnys. Harbor I 4 pm Pier 10
.. , March 21.
Lmatllla...! Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pler 9
. , ! March 23* i
JeanIe Seattle & Tacoma. 10 amIPier 20
«... . March 33. II
Sih i n ""- Hono - & Kahulul. 11 amIPier 7
blberla China & Japan....j 1 Pm Pier 40
"So Boas- indorsed the order and I
sold N the coat, giving the stranger $43
in* change. Boas got his dollar. He
has since had to pay the money or
der."
"This fellow wanted me to sell him
a 515 overcoat, offering a $50 money or
der in payment. We never cash checks
after banking hours, hence I refused.
But J. Boas. who. was standing near,
looked at the young man and his or
der.
" # It seems all right,' he said. 'I
might cash It for you. Would you be
willing to lose a dollar?* .^
;¦" 'Certainly,' the fellow replied. Til
give you a dollar to get Ii cashed.'
The fraud referred to by O'Connell
-was perpetrated by a young man de
scribed, by L. Summerfield of the firm
named as about the *ige and hc-Ight
Riven above for Rossier. Summerfield
last Eight told the story:
"Among Coggins' pupils was Eugene
J. Rossier. whom we believe to be the
head of the new gang of forgers now
at work hereabouts. -His age is about
height 5 feet 10 Inches, weight 165
or 175 pounds, hair dark brown, com
plexion dark, eyes dark and squinty.
reck long. Ke loafs about saloons and
professes to be a railroad man. He is
always cool and self-possessed. That
he has been in San Francisco vre are
not sure, but if not himself it was or.2
of his confederates that v:orktd the
scheme on J. Eoas, the mor.&y lender,
at Summerfleld's store last. Saturday
night.'-.
>. C LAUGH IS ON BOAS.
"Aiortimer was arrested in February.
1903. at Littleton, Colo., in company
with one Frank Hill. Coggins had
previously parted company with Mor
timer and was then operating in Ore
gon and Washington, where he, too,
was caught by the Inspectors in June,
last. All three' were convicted and are
now serving long terms. When Cor
gins gets out of prison at Salem he
will be tried on an indictment pending
against him at Seattle.
"Coggins had a number of 'pals'
while he was working his graft, and
when confined In the Portland Jail
awaiting trial he instructed other pro
fessional crooks in Its mysteries. It
was an easy matter for a brainy crook
to memorize Coggins 1 lessons as to the
chemical substances needed for the
work. The rest was simply common
forgery.
"Their method was to erase all the
writing on the orders. To do this they
used chemicals which completely ab
sorbed the writing ink without affecting
the printed matter. Then they filled out
the blanks anew for the larger amounts
and forged the names of the Postmas
ter and clerk at the office of issue.
"Thus equipped, they went to the
town on'whlch the forged money order
was drawn and offered It at some cloth
ing store in payment for a small pur
chase. If the merchant was not un
usually cautious he generally accepted
the order, paying the balance in cash.
The forgers always Avaited until after
the local postofflce had closed, when it
would be too late to get the order
cashed there. They thus had a ready
excuse for asking the merchant to cash
the order. Of course, the money order
would not be deposited by the mer
chant until the following day. By that
time the forgers would be far away.
INVENTORS CAUGI1T.
NEW THING IN FORGERY.
"About a year ago," he said, "J. C.
Coggins and William B. Mortimer
worked the coast towns very exten
sively on a new plan of money order
forgeries. They purchased a number
of orders in Pan Francisco. All were
for trifling sums, commonly 15 or 20
cents. The sole object of buying these
orders was to get possession of the
blanks, which they proceeded to raise
to sums ranging from $25 to $45, al
though some have been passed amount
ing to as high as $100.
The school of postofflce money order
forgers founded by the notorious J. C
Coggins, now an inmate of the Salem,
Or., penitentiary, has resumed opera
tions in this neighborhood. Uncle
Sam's postofllce inspectors are on the
watch for a man that cashed a forged
money order in a llarket street store
last Saturday night. This man is sup
posed to be one Eugene J. Rossier, a
former cellmate and pupil of. Coggins.
These facts briefly summarize one of
the most interesting chapters in the
work of the postal inspectors. The
story was told in detail last night by
James O'Connell, one of the local in
spectors.
S-Vhin? Tu? Breaks Down.
The flaking tug' Henrietta put back from tea
yeftwdaj oc account of her machinery break-
T»:<« tteamslilp RcEecranF, Captain Johnson.
«>arfd ycft.:r«:ay for Portland, where che will
take a carco of bulk oil and bananas.
Ofl and Bananas for Poitland.
The riritirh steamship Clematis was added
«o the lirt of ovrrdues yesterday and quoted
at 10 per v*nt. Fh^ is out thirty-six days from
Antwerp for Fernandina. The F.nirlehorn i«
ouoted at 10 per crrt. the TV. F. Babcock it
15 |*r cent and the at hS per cent
The Overdue Ust.
\Y. C. Lura*. rarT><*nter on the Fteamrhip
l!arip^*a. narrowly escaped" death yoteruuy
by asjihyxiatirn from the fum^s of charcoal
f.rt-», burninjf in the liner's refrigerator. Lucaj!
Tie givlns the icehouse the usual overhaulirg
nnd v.a« using dtarcoJ fires to thaw out some
frozen fixfH*«. He was overcome by the
furr.es and was unconscious when dragged out
He recovered under treatment at the Harbo :
Hospital.
Almost Asphyxiated.
Repair rar.es v.-ere btUr/ along the water
front yesterday patching; the holes kicked 5n
wharves and shed* during Thursday'ii storm
?by rurj»«y Fhips end other irresponsible
flc-atinc: property. While extensive the damage
to £tate proj>eiiy was not \-<r>- saripus. an-J
»-itl)in « f*"w <Iav5 tr>»> trail of the southeaster
will have Leon obliterated. Rigger* were buyy
<-n nearly r>er>" ship in the harbor, either
iraklng repaira or estimatinB the expense of
that oprraiion. Tb« tug Joseph H. Redmond
rru!)ed the p<hocrrr Kv a from th» htrh land
hfhind th*- Mf-igcs vfcarf breakwater, wheie
she took refuse from the blast. The pilot-boat
Ornrie F. wJiSch w^ath^red the storm at *ea
carried away her foreeaft and came in ves
terday.for reiiairs. .•¦•¦
Oblitcratins Storm's Trail.
•From Honolulu — G. McKensle, MiFfr V. r
Klnrald, Mrs, P. H. Cooper. Mlrs I). B
Cooper. Master L. n. Cooper. Mies M E
From Yokohama— Captain M. Asaoka Mr«
W. M. BramlUll. Miss S. Mori. Mrs MM
Clark, J. A. Ferguson. O. E. Freemantl-, Lieul
tenant M. J*ujlta. E. Fukui. C. I,. Goodrich L.
K. Bcmis, Mins M. Henderson, K.- O. Honkltrs
and wife. Ml» C. Hopkins, Dr. J. R. Hurl"v
T. IwxFaki. Baron K. Kaneko, T. Tamura x'
K. Kelsey. K. Meyajima. R. F. Mumma' E.
Nicholas. Captain H. H. Paynter. C ' }{
l'aynter, P. II. 1 Pietzlker, F. Ropert Jlajor g'
Powell, Kdward J. Roberts. T. Eakai JJeu
tenant >l. T. Skinner. N. Suczaki. S. fiusukl
T. Suzakl. K. Takahashl. . H. K. Tetsultn and
wlfr-, Mi>>* Frances Tetsuka. K. ITchlda, Frank
¦Wokofleld and wire. George H. AVlUy, s. jacl
Ll»^itenant M." Vcroambto. '
From Shanghai — Mrs. W. Burdette J F
Harding Mrs. J. A. Ingle. Mis* Charlotte
l CK w- Iaster James Ingle. liernard Legrange,
J. M. J-. LamlKicy. ii\m» 3. Mann, P.ev. G. F
Mosher . Mi*. G. F. Moslier and child, H H.
Rr-cd E. H Klcby. Mrt I. D. D. Robnett and
jon. Rev. E II.. Roots and wife. Master John
Hoot* A. R P.nsenfeld and wife. Master J.
Hosrnfeld. Miss D. Spunt, Mrs. May Rosette
Mr^WHlianf ¥f fc*? 1 " EI!Mbeth I - rned '
MSSS^T Sh.nl MCPher8 ° n ' Mr> - % 9/
The Pacific Mail Company's big
steamship Siberia, Captain J. Tremaine
Smith, arrived yesterday from the Far
East with S646 tons of cargo and more
than jQO passengers. Of the latter, 2S7
were Asiatics. Chinese and Japanese,
and among the other passengers were
Americans and foreigners of world
wide note. The liner brought treasure
valued at $1,510,000, of which J10.000
was Hawaiian silver, sent here to be
recoirtc-d and $1,500,000 Japanese gold
yen. the purchase price of some of the
things Japan needs in her battle with
the bear. The Siberia's cargo Included
1309 bales of raw silk, valued at $7S5,
000; 12,716 rolls of matting and 56,786
tags of rice.
Among the passengers was that gal
lant representative of the highest type
of the American sailorman. Captain U.
Sebref oi the navy. Accompanied by
Mrs. Sebree he is returning from the
Far East, where he was in command
of the battleship Wisconsin. He will
spend a few days here before proceed
ing to Washington to report to the
Secretary of the Navy. Mrs. Sebree,
who was the victim of a painful acci
dent some months ago, when on her
way to join her husband at Samoa,
where he was then in charge of the
naval station, has quite recovered her
health.
Commander J. T. Parker of the navy
and Mrs. Parker were also passengers
on the liner. lieutenant Colonel C. E.
L. B. Davis of the army, recently chief
engineer of the Division of the Philip
pines, came home on the liner under
orders to report for duty at Detroit,
Mich. Major Winson, army paymaster,
was also on the liner, having returned
to America to be a -witness at a gen
eral court martial.
Pursers I,. E. Bern is, N. E. Kelsey,
I^acey Goodrich, E. J. Roberts; Chief
Steward G. N. Wylie^ and Dr. Hurley
of the Toyo KIsen Kaisha liners Hong
kong Maru. America Maru and Xlp
pon Maru, came home on the Siberia.
The Siberia found all Japanese ports
carefully patrolled by war vessels, one
of which accompanies every arriving
craft to her anchorage. When the Si
beria left Shanghai she encountered a
Japanese cruiser waiting outside for
the Ilussian war vessel Manjur. which
was at the Chinese' port doing her best
to make her visit a permanent stay.
The Siberia was thoroughly '"search
lighted" by the Japanese cruiser be
fore bein:; allowed to proceed.
The Siberia's passengers included the
following: named:
From Honjckong— Mrs. Florence Allen 'Mr*
M. M. Archibald. Mrs. Anna S. Barrowe and
four children. Miss Rita Cable. I». U. Castle
Colonel C. E. U- U. Davis, Mr*. L,. II. Kales
Mi*s A. M. Frcthingriam. Miss R. Georfce
Mrs. C. A. Glunz. K. II. Goodhart and wife
<r. II Jone«, T. A. Taurez. F. L. Kimball. H.
?\ . I^anghPim and wife. T. IJ. Mwler J It
Martin and vife. Dr. O. F. Winner. Mlsi V.
McKinMry. Dr. J. M. Mc&lullen. B. K. Miller
Commander J. T. Parker and r.-ife. Captain j'
A. Rodger*. J. H. Scott and wife. Captain
V. Stbree and wife. G. K. St. Cla'r, Mr».
Douglas Story. Mrs. II. T. Scott, Rev. J. M
RAWest, Mm. J. If. \V. Weft. Masters John
and Ix'uip West. MIfkps Ugeam and Ksther
Vest. MiM El« Hink, Major W. Vlnson,
Hfanei K. e.?A M. Glunz, Mise C. T. Archibald.
MrPherPon. K. Sindo. . •
KLAL ESTATE TRAXSACTIOXS.
rurnsDAV, MAncn 10.
<"har:t« G. ana May c. Hooker to Mary E
ar.j Uarsarct J. JJ.aiy. lot 00 W li.-.f of Polk
f: <i. ITS N .f r;llje;t. X ;U) by W i:;7:G; lift,
tin*': L ana U-rry c. S^alr* tu A. s. iUii
•115. i-t on X Lae of. Oak FSrec:. Kl.'J \\ or
\ Hi,S-*r avenue. W i'7 b> >; I2v; 510.
Mark H. mid l.iz.2i* Alorris anj Abraham C
K-.; f ».j ; u Wiiliaui iluvtie, jot 0:1 N !;ne uf
f'-" •. >1 '" 1 * !^ ; * W oi Fr3^::n. IV 25 by N
Aup'jM;:ir- K. Norrls tcJohn A. Mc'.Villtems.
ic: un ft i;ne of il'-Allister ttrtet, i9(3 W of
U"«45«.r. XV 25 bv .< Slo.
Hjtrgmrm *miu> to tiadit- a. Kelly, lo; on S
izr.K at Wstter ?trett. «>:> E 01 Scott, £ 2T., S 8!J
V SV-JHi,, SH to b-Kinnicg; Sio.
TacjSv Iniprovi-meni Con-jaay to Phineas F
Ftxtumm. Jot on K »ne 01 riit^ntti str^t.
I!*»:ii> \\ of \"al.'ncia. \\ J(U:s by S liW; Jio.
Oifcrl«:s K. Had Alary A. Qom 10 James
Kasan. lot on S line o! Thirtt-.-nth street. C5:s
\\ i'f .l«-.<.-i.-, w 2j ti> S "JO anJ property out of
cout.ty; $10.
- J. li. Pointer Ct-mpany (corporation) to John
I.. aa<i Jiiiia L. lidian, lot on YV line or
Brrsm ¦treet. i'j y 01 Vweatr-arth. S 2J by
ttendaiph C. Surbridge to Victoria A. B.
Hester (wife cf Tfcor.ias> lot on N line cf
'i (n/.iv-Hiih street. lu> \\ of Soc. \V S5 by N
114. SK>.
L*rh»topber H. and Hannah W. Kunde to
tSmnt PoUextea, lot on NE corner ot Kigh
tft-r.th and CcUiafWOOd streets, N 75 bjr E 75;
Mario L. Poiasso and (as trustee, rstat* oJ
X!cria Peseta) to Amelia Perasso (Xardint,
csuita of Mana 1'escia on X line of Broadway.
2l«:.'t W cl Santome E'.reet, \V S4:4U by N
iat:»J; *10
L.ltif Bastor. CThorntcn— wife of Joseph) and
Mary Gibson <Tvife of William C) to U.
Andreazzi. lot en W tine of Filbert street. 237:0
K of Dup. r.u E lT:»i by £ .".7:6: $10.
itKr^i.a'.l ana Klla £.. Pcmcroy to Mary F.
BaczcB. lot or NVV line of Market ttrect.
-S^.Tsx NK of <5«.Uen Gate avenue. NAY CSdttt,
N T'.i. F. 2l»:.'! f 4 . 8 7^. SK 41:10',. SW 25: $10.
Ertaie Cf Mfirsar»>tta A. Oorby «by Mar
cart-tta A. Ccliy. <-xrruirix> to IT. (\ and F. F.
Tea. let *.n S\V <-orncr n* Hyde and Vallejo
*O*Tt*. S 4.%:1O by W Cs: 1 .): S8U0UL
Anna M. LuchsinRrr (wife of George H.) to
Sorh'e K. Chaqui-tte. lot OO SW line of Fifth
•met, !Hl PK or Fohem. SE 25 by SW 75: $10.
POtrerO Nw\o Land Company and A. Everett
Bail id Jeanie'W. Iiigeins. lot on E line of
Potrcro avr-nue, ICO S of Fifteenth street, S
41:»". bjr E 1'JO. qjitrlaim deed:' SI.
F«-i:x ard iv;:lria Marcuse to P. II. Per
mnd\, ict on W 2in» *'. Serrnd avenue, 200 N
of Oement ftr<*ei. N 2.*t hy \V 120: $10. ;
J. Frank and Marra Walters and Georre A.
Turner to fatal F. Sorpf-nfrty. lot on K line r.f
Th1r;y-nir.th avmut, !*.• S of Clement street,
£ Z'o ty K 121 : Slit.
T. A. Boctaiv: to F. K. Herthal. lot on S
J!r» nf Poin'. I-obos avenue. 2-'J:10 E of Forty
third. \Y 23:10. S 'J.".:ii, NE US; quitclaim
O-r.; ?!.
AKnzo Crons to IIprV>ert F. Mann. v lot on SE
corner nf Twrenty-firyt avenue end C street. K
SO. jt iof', E 30, 58 100. E SO. P 10<>. E M. S 25.
v: i«vi. !cr.; si<>.
C. O. ". Milk-r. Minr.le E. Tucker. Mai" T.
«aedor.al<l (fcrrr.prly llaie E. T»icker>. A. S.
Macdonsld, Etta IS. and George W. McN>ar to
Marparft A. Skilly, lot en NE corner of
Firty-s-er-or.d avenue ard P street, N 000, E
2«*\ S W .Vi7:. r .. \V 102: S10.
Fanrj« 1 and Frances Crozter to Emma s?.
Miner, lot on W Kne of Pixlh avenue, 50 X of
I'-^-ro sTr<ct. N 2T. t>y W a*.; $Ui
«JuFta\> A. and Martha A. Ah'stedt to
<^aude llaxiiftM. let on S line <if Montana
**.rr*-t. «2S \Y of Plymouth. W 75 by S 125,
b!"^k jj. Railroad Homestead A^ix-iation: $10.
F. r>jrai» Compsiiy ia corporation) to Haken
nn-i Ilanna Jchnsoii, lot on \T line of V\'h<»at
ttr«rt, UMi S "f F«ul avpni*. S 2Ti by \V 1<>O, iut
2»>. bjiwk «;. GRitJf-n Tract Hoir.^Etead; $10.
Parah E Tif?!uts= to Theodore H. Ultteli, oom-
Tr»ricinp on r-K <-orner of tract formerly belong
ing to S. ;.!. TiWieiiB and described in Ml D.
I'M. dirtant 10.06 \Y of a pcim W from
pcint on \V Iin»- 6Z First avr-nue, distant l<I2:r>
N from line of Wock 72. Outside ].an.:. .E 27^
by N 2!M.t; prant. ¦
John I-. Iinupherty to !>¦»•:» T<. Dunham, lot
R. r>!oo'; 313. Bay View Homestead Afs>ocia
tir.t,; flO.
Jcrrrh Dally to Henry Levy, block 409 O'N
A H. Tract: $10.
F. r»uraK Company 'a corporation) to rarae.
!«~t on W lin« of Nlnft^entfi strcpt and R. X\V
50 by SW 200. Uork 2S1. OX. & H. Tract; $10.
IJuIlderM' Contracts.
" Edward J. I>ufrcy (owner) with Floan &
Wuld <contractorF>. architect All work ex
eert rlumliir.f. gas Kttin?. tiaintlng .and tint
5n»r for » true" aim J apartment house on lot
on E line of <>r.ira! avenue. 25 X of \V»!l»r
rtreet. X 25. E to Bwena Y.sta avenue, S 25.
V.' to b^einr.inc: ?^"«X».
RarrteS IoU£e «ov.r.er) with F. P. Fische
fconrractpr), firdikect .!. R. Miller— All work
for a Iour-Ftorj - frame buildins en lot on i«F.
corner cf Ellis «n:i Hyde Mreei*. DU^ 1 -. on
EJIijf by S7:C mi ll-de: S17.S14.
J. C. COGGIXS. FOUNDER OF
NEW SCHOOL OF MONEY
ORDER FORGERS. ". -
Hawaiian C. 4*5*4 — IMakawell C. 21 s i 2C14
Honokaa S C 12 KUiOnomea S C 22Va 23
Hutch SPC SS 89iiPaauhau S C.13 1*
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.14O 141!i|Oceanlc S Co. 4tj 3
Cat F C A. 9« — |Pac Aux FA. 3 8
Cal Win* A. 01 &J | Pac C Corx.166 168
MV4 MtTm.luO — i
Morning Session. ,«•
Board—
5 Contra Costa Water 59 PO
ll> Hutchinson S P Co 9 CO
S5 Sprirg Valley Water Co S3 -J5
$2.f«<J Lq» Angeles Ry 5 per cent 113 CO
*5,C<-4> Si* of C 6 per cent (190«) 107 OO
Afternoon Session.
Bop re! —
15 California Wine Association, a 3. 01 50
5 Contra Costa Water 33 50
20 Hutchinson 8 P Co 8 75
1W S» F Ga3 & Electric K* 60
1W S K Gas & Electric 39 «2£
13 S K Ga<j & Electric W 7*
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS EONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Did. A**.
Bay CPC 6s. 100 UU is P Co 4H»- M 89
j B L Wat Cs. — 12O | Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
Cat N\V 5s.. 111*. — | Do Si l«2*» —
SJ-' Drdk 5s. — 113>~|Suttr-st R3s.l«» 113
J' F * XP Bs.llOTiH2 |UR of SF 4s. 735« —
SPC Ry4s. — iw |
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
; Ala S Co.... 23 2S&INO Nat Bk.lSO 210
; cal cot Mils. — us [n s k r... 11 —
C Jockey Cl. 80 Vjj |.\- c P Co... »*i —
Cal Powder. 125 — joak Hk Sav.llSVa —
Cal Ship Co. 13 ;{» |Oi*k T Co..". B5 —
, Cftl T I A T. — 130 llOOF Hall A. »«£ —
t Cen Ck. Oak t«T, — |Orpheum Co.^— 16%
! Chutts Co .. 7 _ |p ac S Tel Co.l00!4 —
¦Clty&CBk. — H2 ll'araf Paint. 38 -*
( Last Dynm.lSO 230 3 F Drydock. CO —
FN Bk. Oak.liO _ j^F&SJ Coal. 20 —
Fischer Thtr l«i 2 |S J Wat Co. — loa
; Frnch-A Bk.105 — |SO & MTgbt. — 1»»
Oas Con A. 104 21 I Swlss-A Bk.113 —
, Hono P Co.. I2i, _ i Truck Elect. — 13
I Lon& SF Bk — €0 LR InC pfd. 4»<j —
J Jfat *•*» Co. — oo Do com ... 10k —
J Mils Na: Bk.COO —
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock- B1<1 . A^k^i.
Alm * 135
¦Apollo 48
; Associated Trust Certifleatea. 20 21
\* zt f? 75 SO
•Caribou 20O 2 10
j Central Point Con 63 ....
j Chicago Crude i» .
.Claremont < 45 "jo
: hsperanza dm
!Four " £i
•Fulton ....; ". "• ,n
;«?iar.t ........; a
•Hanford '.'.'.'. '.U7 OO '.'.'.'.
• Home ..... 1°"*V4 123
• Independence ."¦ 7s 17
•Junction 15
! ern • '.'.'.'. 4 75 4S5
. Monarch (of Arizona) . 41
; Monte Crlsto 75 "iA
: Occidental of W Va 11
.Oil City Petroleum .... 32 * 34
'STx" 13 *° " °°
rittsbunr 1S » 5
fUeed Crude j 33
i Senator .„, '"]
; Sovereign 4-. .a
; Superior "t.Hl.l.V. .. 08
. Thirty-three 500 725
• Toltec j9
; Twenty-eight ...'.'.' 4 «O
; West Shore 2 60 275
, Assoclartd Bonds 79
; I'eiinsylvan.'a "15 •«
• ¦ Ml8c«l!anc-ous— """' *
¦ Abby I.an<l & Imp 1 so 1 37ti
, California Shipping Co 16 0O
; Chutes Company T 23 '
Fischer's Theater 11214
; Northern Cal Power 9 25 1OOO
• Sanitary Reduction Works. 1 70 1 90
; Unlt'd P.ailroa.J Bonds 70 00 7U 73
SALES.
* Mornir.sr Session.
Roarii —
MX* Caribou " m
I 12.127 Chicago. Crude . ..][".[[]"][][' " 20
Afternoon Session
Board —
PO Sovereign i
250 Home """ ¦. ZZ
Street— * * a
j ¦:¦ CO Sovereign
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE
[ Following were the sales en the San Frw.
[Cisco ilook *S(i Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
: 300 Andes ..' .'.0,' 2O Potosi ... f«
1 ."00 Belcher 21| lf-O Savage so
f.CO Caledonia ...lio; ICO Savaze -a
20O Chollar is| ldogq Belcher"" ["
600 Con C & Va-1 «3' loo Sierra Nev " •?
SOOCktald Jk Cur. 4ii 2»W rtah . " li
22 Si**" 8 * 11 •••• " M i 00^'!©" jacket 35
¦ -»<>*> Overman .... 25i
Afterr.onn Session.
200 Belcher 231 10O Sava** 74
! COO Con C & Va.l S5i 1T0O Scorpion ...;*
}«" Mexican 1 00| "0O Union Con .. «5
100 Savage 72j fw Union Con .. 88
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Followir.gr were the sales on ths Pacflio
Stock Exchance yesterday:
Morning Session.
: TOrt Belcher 24! SCO Justice .. (rt
200 Belcher 25j 20O Mexican "i"fl7U
ICO Bullion II; l,TO Mexican . ! l fl5
200 Caledonia ...t lo 10rt Overman •>?
200 Caledonia ...115 ICO Savage SS
2«>Calednnia .1 12H 5OO Se S Belcher" 1 1 n
•-•OO Con C & V.I 92 S| 206 ITnlon Con .. 87
200 Con C * Va.l 83 ko Yellow Jacket ~\
200 Con C & Va.l 9Oj lno TeUow Jacket M
SOO Crown Point. 21 1 -acnei <wj
Afternoon Session.
ICO Caledonia .1 12'i; ICO Standard a 4H
ICO Con C & V.I tf>?i! "¦ *°
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales O n the San Fran
cifco and Tonopah Mlnlnj Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Evelyn 32 [ 100 Ton Belmont.. «3
2000 Rescue 03j SOO Ton of Nev 8 xo
2730 Rescue. . 08 KT Ton Midway' " »
400 Ton Belmcnt. 6l| y " OT
Afternoon Session.
2C-0 Bunker Hill.. 2 0O| 33 Ton Belmont «O
40O Evelyn ...... M- 500 Ton Belmonti: 62
ltx» Gold Anchor. 20} TOO Ton Belmont <U
BOO Gold Anchor 21 60<> Ton BetaoSt! S
110 Mont Ton ..1251 500 Ton Midway.. 40
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FPJDAT. March 11-4 p
Bid. Ask. I BWa.i,
Alpha o« 07|j U stlce (tt or
Alta OS tO Kentuclt 03 M
Anil»^ 47 4* Keyes Oraes*.'. so _
Belcher 22 -2* Lady Wash _. r*
Be«t Sz Belch.2 00 2 20| Mexican 1 RS 1 oa
Bullion OS 10 Occidental' '.'.'. sw o»
Caledonia ...1 10 1 15JOphir 4 -3 4 t2
Challenge Con 34 3C| Overman "" *>4 •>«
ChoHar 16 l<f, Potos! .. *" T? T«
Confldence ...ll»ll 10J Savage ...'.'.\ 70 -»
Con C ft Va.l SO l as: Scorpion . " " " o*» r.4
Con Imperial. «.2 03!Sey Belcher"! in v»
Con NY.... or. Ml Sierra Nev H „
Crown Point. 20 221 Silver Hill " iu r-
East Sierra N 03 — St Lou; a . . " ' VX ,A
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate ..." m i'4
»K: \\ 4^x. con U»'|
? u a ilaf.. N .°. r . c : SS ? 3 r ellow *?& " S
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I tjjj ...
Enperarua ... — 01 1 Ray Ex ten — ii
Gipsy Qusen. — 30| Ray Ton . " 10 11
Go!rt Anchor. 20 2I|Ray A OBrten — po
Gold M Con. 04 — Rescue . nr no
Hannarah ... — IS. Ton I>lmoni: 63 ,u
Tlanr-arah M. — 25|Ton & CaU S?
T,ltt>Ton... _n;n 1Ton Rxt<n ;; ; w 21
J^cky Tom.. - fiT.jTon Fraction. 10 «
'.JarNarMra . 17 20 Ton r,t Nev.. 6 00 _
MIxoah Ex .. 10 — iTon N Star M -c*
Mon*. Ton .'.I SO 1 23lTon Midway*.'. •» «
N Y Ton ... — 02' Ton Superior — m
Paymaster... — 121 United Ton .'.' 10 -^
SAN JOSE, March 11. — Who. re
ceived and what.became of , the $8OOO.
missing from the city treasury is the
absorbing question on the street. The
Police Department and the surety
companies' officials have been unable
to trace any large and lavish expendi
ture of money to McGeoghegan. The
Treasurer was in the habit of having
a great manyl friends hanging about
the office and lie would step out and
leave the vault-open in their presence.
McGeoghegan always had a crowd
around him and it Is this crowd that
the general public believe" spent
most of the city's money. The ex-"
Treasurer must, however, bear the re
sponsibility.
-Pending the receipt and filing of the
bond of the new Treasurer, H. D.
Mathews. the treasury is closed and
guarded by police. It ia expected that
the new Treasurer will have qualified
by to-morrow. . Expert Keane will at
once, as soon as the office is opened,
begin an exhaustive inquiry into the
accounts of the office and experts will
also be put to work by the surety
companies and McGeoghegan.
William Taaffe, who was the deputy
under McGeoghegan, has been under
police surveillance ever since the
shortage in the treasury has been
known. * The finding of a duplicate
key to the inner vault on his person
last night he explains by saying that
McGeoghegan told him to have it
made. The ex-Treasurer denies tell
ing Taaffe to have a key made. Taaffe
has made no attempt to conceal any
thing, but denies strenuously that he
took any of the city's ' money. It is
said that the police who have been
keeping watch over Taaffe will be dis
continued after v to-day. 1
McGeoghegan's friends feel confi
dent that they can raise, the entire
amount of the shortage and are now
at work j doing so. They claim that
offers of all kinds of financial help are
being received and that the surety
companies and the city will not lose
a cent. Whether McGeoghegan is
prosecuted or not, they claim that
every cent missing will be paid into
the treasury. .
A new Grand Jury meets next
month and it is almost certain the
matter will be taken up by that body.
The District Attorney's office, which
was represented at the Council meet
ing by two members yesterday, has
made no move and It is understood
that they will not until a more ex
tended report on the condition of the
treasury is obtained.
The general opinion around town is
that a conviction of McGeoghegan
would be a hard matter. He has de
nied all along that he took any of the
money and it would be hard to fasten
the guilt of stealing the city's money
on any one of the many people who
had access to the- cash. ..
Special Dispatch to The Call,
McGeoghegan Had Many
Hangers-Oh About His Of
fice and Suspicion Is E if e
TAAFFE BEING WATCHED
Authorities of San Jose Un
able to Trace Money Taken
From the City Treasury
Pacific Mail Company's Big Liner Arrives From the Orient Deeply Laden
With Valuable Merchandise, Which Includes Raw. Si!k Worth $785 000.
Has on Board Hawaiian Silver and Japanese Gold Valued at $1,500,000
Continued From Page Fifteen.
WHAT BECAME
OF THE FUNDS?
SIBERIA BRINGS HALF A THOUSAND
PASSENGERS FROM THE FAR EAST
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE SA\ T FRANCISCO- CALL. SATURDAY. MARCH 12, 190*
MONEY ORDER
FORGERS ARE
AT WORK HERE
14
of hi« mother. "S5C F.llis Htif*t. near -Van
Xces avtm:e, IntermfDt M.>«nt Olivet Cfm-
••u-iy. V i;Ci*i.
RYAN— In thi5 riiy March 11, 1W4. Thomas
E.. dearly iKluved bumbtod of Mary C. Uyan.
and fath-r of Margery. Edith. Ctclly.
Tlicn^s E. Jr. and F:ane«>s K.-an. ami
nf John and Hannah Ityan. and win
<¦; the latp Kdf.sinl and Marearet I4yan. a
r.atl-.f oC t^axi FranciFco. ajr«-<l 41 years.
»T?"Fri<"nds End acquaintanrps are r<>cpe<-t-
fv,',]'' invited to attpnd thf funoral Monday,
Starch 34. at 9 o< lork. irom hi? lato resi-
AtDct, 4*."!* AFhliury tlrw.. thener- to ?t.
Aretes' Church. wJw-re a requiem hleh mass
Mill l«> «-H.-Lra:«Hl lor the r^ixpe f<f his WKO,
¦ fimTwnnnn at a:3O o'clock. Intertncm.
Holy Otn Cfaplf-rj'. liy t!r-etrie funeral car
rri.ni Jlijrhtetnth and Guerrero FtreiH*.
T!fE rr»mbers of han Franc!«ro Council No. 7.
V. 11. I., are heMby notifie.l to att^ud the
fur.oral at cur decirjtvd Ijrother. Thomas K.
!I>an. from his late reyider.ee, 4W AahbQry
fiRfi, Monday, at !» nclock.. By ordf-r of :
ii. T. KKILX.T. i'r.s.
G. M. KEJ-LV.' Sec.
EPIXX-AXte— In thi* e'tj. Marrli 10. J'..'04. Kate
Priila-w. twloved fisier of Timothy EptUane,
a native of Ahaviin, t^ounty t"<jrk. Ireland,
apt^l .'2 year?.
C7Pk1endi Hid KCQuklntancn are rwx*ct»
fully invited t'< attend the liijiernl to-tlay
iPoturdsyj. at x-.'Ut o'doek. from thf parlo:*
«-r MrFadd'n. McIJrearty i- Cwn. 11TI Mi!=-
tMon rtrrt-t, lx>tn-«-*n BeVCOtta and KiKhlli,
tf-.«noe TO i^t. JoSCOb** <"liirrr-h. ••fc*T« a
Mini m hiph m.T^st will be f-elel-iatcd toe the
r*>pr-« r nf j;p r S r )U ] a t a o'clock. Interment
Hrly <'Yosg (.'crr.f tcry.
TltlEBKR— Dfiartf J. in this <;•.:.. llarrh ll.
l'Ki. !!<.»>. l)^l«r> ed ami derated wife of J.
V. Triebtt. t»-lo\f<l mother of Jutvphin 1 .-.
Morris «.nj Arnol<l Trieb.-r. »Jif lx-lov<i
nate.- <if Rebecca Cdben. TlUle M.»iir^n<>t»rn.
l>ora Sidi»«=ki arid Z«>k1a <J!asrr, a native of
f-'an Francisco.
ATK1N— In thi« dry, March 0. U>(.«. Mari»,
beloved un* cf Evan Quest Watkin, mother
ot Matie Wa'kin, darghtfr of Mrs. Tannin
Motm, anrl fist»r of Frank I^-lay and Char-
lotte M..rr:«. a native of Han l-"rano!s<-o. Cal.;-
apfd 21 v»ais 4 iri'jnt!)a «:id f> tlaye. .
CyKrienafc and acquaintance a:v r^spfct-
{ully mrlted to atu-nd th^ funeral to-<iay
(Saturday), at J0:3t> o'dock. irom her !au-
reelcitajcc. Voii; Mr,?t. |ietwe*n
Klghteenth and Xir.et'enth. Interment Mount
Olivet OetneterXi
RTT^CT — In tl-is city. March C. 1904. 1^. n.
W iVy. a na;ivt uf Kew Vork. ap-.l , r >l \t-a!^.
C-3*"Thf it.vral xi-ill take ••'.w- to-day
rfcaturday). j.1 I :Su oVioclc. iron: KIk«' Unit.
3S3 Butter Fttwt. t:nd<»r trie au.-i.lce* ol : : ,a:i
I ra:: ><o ixMlce No. :{, B. P. < >. Klks. ln-
terrn::t C^pmi Lawn Cemetery;
MJ:M»HHS of far Kiancisco !.-!»;.• Xo. 3, l:.
:'. « i. i:;*,!-, art- li^r>by no-.ititsl i.. attend tl,«"
funcr«l of our late brother. J.. B. iVjl.-y. on
J-aturda;-. a\ \ : ;m p . ln ., j r<jru th* jlKige-
tocn.a. i-j;S gutter t. V.y order of
JAMES M. 'JliKU, ' Exalted Huler.
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Pas<* Thirteen.NEW YORK. March 11.— London reported
an active demand for tin. Spot gained 2s lid
cloning at £120 17s 6d, and futures were ti
higher, at £120 12* Od. Locally tin was
stronger, closing at $28@28 25. w '
New York Metal Market.
STOCK MARKET.
FOR FRIDAY. MARCH 11.
Flour qr »ks .- 1R.75"! Wool, bales ... 41
Wbeat. ctis 1.410 Shorts, sks 245
Barley, ctls »"» Screenings, iks.. 200
Oats ctls .... 2*1 Suirar. ctls t... 4,M0
Corn' West, ctls COO Tallow, ctls .... 204
Bean's, sks WW Hides. No. 3flo
Potatoes' 'sks .. 2.5C0 Pelt*. No. .... 1,27s
Onions, sks ... 411 leather, rolls .. 121
Bran sks .... 1.R45I Paper, reams .. «35
Mlddilnsrs. sks.. MOiTJme. bbls .... HfW
Hay. tons .... SOOlWine. gals .... 61.700
Straw, tons .... 51 ;
OREGON.
Flour nr sks .. 14,fl4f>' Onion*, sks ... 401
Oats ctls ..... 540jChoo«ed Feed. v
Potatoes sks .. 4.176| «ks 3C0
•;:.-¦¦ • ' WASHINGTON. \ *
Wheat, ctls ... 22.0001, .
Receipts of Produce.
The private wires of Mitchell.. Mulcahy &
Co. from Chicago «a!d: "The Government esti
mate on farm reserves .was bullish and affected
not only this market but Liverpool as well
Cables were sharply . higher and Broomhall re
ported that, the- American estimate on -reserves
and the continuation of the strike in Argentina
both contributed". The Southwest Is still with
out rain or Importance/ Clearances for the
week were 1,800.000 bushels. The whole cash
situation is rather slow and primary receipts
are still In excess of a year ago. .There Is an
active general trade, but outside buying is in
less force . than . on the previous advance - We
are Inclined to think there are two sldea to
the' market- and' pending something more defi
nite In the crop situation a scalping market Is
Uk«|y.V . - _ > . ... .:
This market was firm, but not materially
changud aside from a rise In futures. ¦ „ .
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4O®1 45; California
White' Australian. $1 50®l 57V4; Northern
Club. $1 4001 42%: Northern niuestem. SI 00®
1 05 per ctl. ' . '
FUTURES. . ••
., Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. .!
Open. ' High. Low. Close.
May ........ $1.4.1% 51 43% tl 43% $1 43%
December ... 1 38% 138*4 138 1 3S
. /• 2 p. m. Session. .' *^
, Open. ¦¦", High. . Low. " Close
May ....:... $1 43% $1 43% tl 43% $1 43%
December .:. 1 3S%, 1 38%; 1'3S% 1 3su
BARLEY— Tho market wns higher both for
cash grain and futures. , The rise was due, ac
cording to talk on 'Chanre, • to. the manipula
tions <o£ the large long Interest -frequently al
luded: to. of late, who are working to control
tho May option in order to work off their large
line of grain In warehouse. The feeling was
Chicago -was higher and renorts from there
said that the condition -of winter Wheat was
not good, with the acreage considerably . below
last year's and the crop in the Southwest dam
aged by dry weather. The war feature Is
wholly lost sight of at present. • -:
XV'HEAT— The foreiun markets were firm,
with higher Liverpool futures. . '
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.../ ¦ — $4 84>/5
Sterling Exchange, eight- — 4 «7V a
Bterllnsr Exchange, cables — 4 8SV4
New York Exchange, sight.'..:.-. — 12>4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — in'
Silver, per /ounce . — 57 H
Mexican Dollars, ¦ nominal ...... — ' 47 1£
LOCAL MAEKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Clow,.
Atrh!*on C,7(rl «4% Qtv t 044
Atchison pfd 3«0 SSV4. S8U SS'i
RalL & Ohio 1.200 74U 73^ 73»i
Bait & Ohio pfd ... 77^
Canadian Paciflc... 2.0O0 110% ICohl 109%
Cent of N J !53
Cho« 4: Ohio 1O<) 2S% 2*a: 2*Ti
Chicago ii Alton... 400 :$9% ss4 3S'2
Chi & Altcn rfd.- 10« 80 W> 78
gJi^!^::: . 10 ° u% »«
SS'A^^: V" s»
Chl Term & Trans X
Chi T tr. T pfd - .... *"" ,«
C C C & "Bt L "¦' i?
Oilo Southern 3,000 IS i',% 1714
Colo Ku ;« pfd... .... 52
Cclo Bo 2nd pfd... 1.109 24>4 2t" W
Del & Hudson fiOO 152% 151 150%
I>el Lack fc Went 232
Uenver A fUo O .... "* j %
Denver & R G pfd. .... .... .,**
SEW YORK, March 11.— The first hour's
tniElnrse to-day yielded almost as large a vol
vim of business ac the whole session of yester
day. The activity jiroraptly flattened out and
during the afternoon the market fell Into a
deeper elough of neglect. The early activity
«as the now- familiar end of the treek dis
counting of the !»'¦— Tlitntj of the handing down
cf the Northern Securities decision, -whJch has
been Just at rejrularly followed on Monday up
to this time by covering of ehorts and recovery
In prices. The proems* was not carried far to
day, probably because Northern Securities In
the curb market gave some evidence of support,
fount- degree of activity in the Etock failed to
SBatce any appreciable . irrcad on Its price.
Nothing «r!«? neeired to have any power to stir
prices. The Government's report, showing a
percentage of ihe »;rain crops remaining in
farmer?' hands somewhat lcse than the normal
for xh\f- time of the year. modlfW th*-suppo
sition that the *mall grain movement up to
this time ha? been due to large holding back
of stocks, which would ultimate!;* come out to
#w"cll the railroads' tonnage. The forecast of
th* week's currency movement was viewed
*-;th languid lnterert in view of the almoFt
I >k-Lborlc condition of the money market and
the indifferent demand for fund*. The email
Oe-<?rea*f in cash indicated is montly due to tne
ehipments of gold to South America. It is
nn« commonly assumed that this operation Is
connected with t*ie purchase of war vcmteln bjr
J«]>an frnin Argentina, the outgo of gold from
New York b*ir.K rather more than covered by
the lr.fictv ci Japane.se pold to 6an Francisco,
further mfgatau to thf latter port being now
elVoat. The ni«rk»t closed easy.
Bonds wr-re dull and irrtguiar. Total tales,
par value, ifeJw.OCO.
CrJted Statws bon<J« were unchanged on call.
Nrj> York Stock Market.
What with washouts and the bad condition
of country roads, the rtcelpts of Butter have
been considerably diminished during the past
severRl davs and the market for the moment
Is practically bare of strictly fine creamery.
Again, the companies operating the steam
schooners along - the northern coast are laying
off their vessels as fast as they come in owing
to their dispute with the engineers over the
wage and time scale, and this means of trans
portation Is being lost. But these conditions
are being largely offset by the prostration of
the telegraph lines, which prevent the recep
tion of orders from the northern coast, so the
net condition of the market remains about the
same.. The local trad* are not dl*r>oscd . to
charsc their customers an advance, as an accu
mulated suDnly will come in upon the market
just an soon aa the weather clears and railroad
transportation is restored. This la, the situation
In Butter at the moment. ' -
Cheese is lower a?aln and the market Is as
glutted with stock and weak as ever.
The situation In Eggs ' resembles . that In
Butter. Diminished receipts on account of In
terrupted transportation are offset by the in
ability to receive orders by telegraph and the
falling 1 off In the local demand on account of
the storm. It was reported yesterday that
some local houses had notified their buyers In
the country not to pay over 15c for storage
purposes under any circumstances. There are
plenty of Eggs In the country ready to be sent
Into market, and as.lt i» a question' of only a
day or two when they will come In there Is no
disposition to ask higher prices just for this
brief .period.
Receipts were 41.000 lbn Butter, 1255 cases
Egps and 11,700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 21 V, @
22c for extras. 20®21c for firsts and lS@10c
for seconds: dairy, 15|r20c: store Butter, nom
inal; cold storage. 20<321c for extras. lS®19o
for seconds and lG#£18c for ladle-packed.
CHEESE— Sf40f>c for gobd to . choice new
and; 7©Sc for lower: grades;' Young Americas,
Oij^lOc; Eastern, 15@10c; Western. 14@15e
per lb. j : . ¦
EGGS— Ranch; 15® 17c; store. 15c per dozen.
Butler, Cheese and Eggs.
i FRIDAY. March tl— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. -
Bld.Askl Bid. Ask.
4a qr coup.. 107 HI 08 U 1 4s qr cp n«w.l32V4 —
4s qr reg...lO7HlC8U|3s qr coup..lOC^107
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW53-— — OTCo 6s. 118*6119(4
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 Do 5» llii'-.lIU",
Cal C G 5s. — 104U Do con 3»-. 99^ —
Cal G Jt E K Oceanic* 3 5s. — 75
m * ct 8s. — 88 Ota Cable 6*. 122 —
Cal-st C 5s.lie%117% Pac G 1m 4s. — 85
C C Wat 5t. — lOOVi P E Ry 5s.lO5*i —
Ed LA PCs.125 131 P A C H 6«.103£I08H
F & C H 6a.ll4 — P A O R, «s.H8 —
Geary-st 5a.. 45^4 90 Powell-*t 6s.. — —
H CAS 5%s.lO4 — Rac EGARSs. — ICO
Do 3s OS 10O SF & 8JV3S.11S 118^4
Hon R T Cs.106 — Sierra R Cs.tlU'i —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A «•
L A Ry 5a.ll2% - (1909) ....105?; —
L A L Co to - — (1910) VXi% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C fls
Do Btd 58.103% — • (1905)Sr A..1WV 4 IO4S
LAP lem Ss.lOlVi — (1905)Sr B.105V4 —
Mkt-st C Bs.116 — <190e> 107 —
Do lem 5«.115 — U912> 118% —
MVft MtT5s.lO4 111% SPC 1 eg 5s. — ¦*- i
NRR of C6».1O7 — Do stmpd..lC8 lOT^i
Do 5s ....HSU — S.PBR«s.l34 —
NPCR 6».1O5 — S ' V Wat 68.104^104%
N C P C 5a. — 10O Do 4« 2dm. 9S*i —
N 8 R R 5s. »« 100H Do 4s 3dm. —^ 90
OG LAH Bs.lO»\l — Stkn O«E6i. — • —
O W gtd 5s. — 10O U G & 5s. — . 1M
. WATER- STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 39 41 (Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — 62^13 V Wat Co. 30^ 35>»,
GA8 AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. — 4 S F O * E. BOVi •»
Mutual EL. — 11 Stkn G A E. C — '
P»c L Co... 55W — U O A E CO. — 31
TRUSTEES" CERTIFICATES.
8 F Q & E. — — !
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 345 |
i BANK* STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — *123 |L P A A...15S 183
Annlo-Cal .. «9 92 >41Mer Trust — 225
Bank of Cal.4.04 417%'Merch Ex....— —
Cal Safe Dp. — 130 IS F Natlonl. — —
First Nattonl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 23C0 ISav A L So. — 100
Hum SAL.— — ISee Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 10O — j Union T Co.: — . — '
8 F Sav U.62S — t •
STREET RAILROABS.
1 California ..103 200 [Presidio 40 —
POWDER.
Giant — — IVigorit 8*4 4%
SUGAR. :
Hana P Co. — 40c IKllanea S C — 0
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. March 11. — Clearings, . $011 033
balances, $135,740. f ' '
TACOMA, March 11. — Clearings, $324 430
balance*. $42,021. .. ' .'
PORTLAND. March 11.— Clearings SG00 1G4
balances, $40,303. . . ' '
SPOKANE, March 11.— Clearings, 8302110
balances. $40.330., >'"--.««.
NEW YORK. March 11. — FLOUR — Receipts,
23.300 barrels; exports. 10,000 barrels'
Stronger. —
• WHEAT— Receipts, 27.300 bushels. Spot
firm; No. 2 red. $101 elevator and $1 02^1 05
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 07%
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened strong nnd ac
tive on the bulllih Government report on the
tarm reserves nnd advanced l^c after realiz
ing had promoted a setback. The market de
clirMl later, but closed firmer at %©lc net
advance. May closed at »a>,4c, July closed
DGMjC. September closed S8V4c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair rnfining, 2 15-100
3c; centrifugal. 00 test. 3 7-lC@3V4c; molasses
fUgar. 2 11-Wc; roflnod, firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio.' *teady; "mild." steady.
The market for coffee futures opened 'fcteady
at an advance of fiijJlO, points and closed at a
net advance ->f 10020 points. Total sales. "5,
000 bags. Including March, 5.20c; May 5.40c*
July. 3.40©5.C5c. - - , . ' . '
. DRIED FRUITS. . - .
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
firm, with demand good. Common are quoted
at -4<g&Uc; prime, 5*4@5Hc: choice, e«0Hc
fancy. 7c.
PRUNES — Are being offered more * freely
from the coast and prices rule rather easy
though th*y BtHl range from 3&e to «Uc
APRICOTS — Are pretty well cleaned up and
the marUet is firm, with choice unchanged at
9%moc; extra choice. 10Vi@10%c; fancy, 12
@15c. . ' ¦
PEACHES — Also rule firm, with choice quot
ed at T$i©7%c; extra, choice, "14@SVic; fancy
OfilOc. • . ' - - - .
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, March 11. — The cotton market
opened steady at a net advance of C#12 points
and closed at nearly the lowest of the session,
or at a net decline of 4 points to an advance
of I point. • ¦ : ¦
New York Cotton Market.
e»nt; ninety days. S l i'§Z\<i per cent; six
tnonths. .;¦",';¦» p*r cent.
Prime mercantile papei — 4'£93V4 per cent.
Sterling exchange — Steady, with actual busl
n»h* in bankers' bill* at $I.867O@ 4.8075 for <>-
xnand and at $4.KJS0g4 KTjjtO for sixty day bills
I'osUd rates— *4 t.4>* and $4 S7>i.
<;ommercial bills — $4 S3V:fj4 S3%.
Bar t-!lx'^r — '"He.
Mexican dollar* — ».".c.
IJrmdt! — Governments. «teady; railroads ir-
TPgrular.
New York Money Marker.
NEW YORK, March 11.— Close— Money on
rail was t-asy at l«i@2 per cent; closing bid,
1% per cent; effered, 2 per cent.
Time loans were dull; vlxty days, 33J4 per
EASTERN MARKETS.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5%c spot and 5%c June-
July: San Quentin. 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32® 25c;
Fleece Twine, 7>AG8c.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
lington, $3: Seattle. $6 50: Bryant, $0 50; Bea
ver Hill. $6; Standard. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. |7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 23 In
«acks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welch Anthracite Egtr. $13: Welsh Lump,
$11 CO; Cannel. $8 50 per ton: Coke. $11 BO® 13
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks: Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2COO lbs and $12 80
per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add Sc; Linseed. 4!)c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' A A. $1 )»@1 12: Lucol. 43c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 60@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 56c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
OH, 85c; natural winter Sperm Oil, 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale OH. 65c; natural Whate
Oil. 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Lard OH. 60c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c:
No. I Neatsfoot Oil. 63c: Hrht Henins Oil.
45c: dark Herring Oil. 43c- Salmon OIL 38c
bolled Fish Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. 33c: boiled
Paint OH. 35c; raw- Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL Oil/— Water White Coal Oil. tn bulk.
14c: Pearl Oil. in cajes. 20Hc; Astral. 2OHc;
Star. iO^c: Extra Star. 24V4c; Elaine. 26Hc
Eocene. £3Uc; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c: In cases. 22He: Benzine. In bulk.
ISr: In case*. 19^c: 8«-degree Gasoline In
bulk. 23e- in cases. 31c. . . •¦—».
TURPENTINE — 84e per ration In caaaa and
78c In Crums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red L»d. RU©
7c per lb: White Lead. 6H©7c, according to
quantity.
SUGAR — Th« Western Curar Reflntnr Com-
Pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
iifce* A Crushed and Fine Crushed. R.BRe:
Powdered. r».BOc: Candy Gtranulated. ft.SOc;
Drj' Granulated, fin*. 5.40c; ¦ Dry- Granu
lated, roarre. R.40c: Fruit- Granulated. B.4Oc:
Beet Granulated (100-lb. bars only), 5.£f>c:
Confectioners' A. 5.40c: Mamolia A. 5c:
Extra C. 4.00c: Golden C. 4.80c: "D,"
4.70c: barrel*. 10c more: half barrels. 25c more:
boxes. 50c more: RO-lb basn. IOe more for all
kinds. Tablets — Half barrel*. B.flOe: boxes.
C IPc- H. & E. Crystal Domtnos. S.40c t>er U
No orders takf-n for less than seventy. five bai
rels or Itn equivalent. .
General Merchandise.
The storm has Interfered with the shipment
cf Poultry and as a result the market was
slenderly supplied yesterday, less than ten
coops being received. The demand, however,
was light and previous prices ruled for all
descriptions. A few cases of dressed Turkeys
came in and sales of choice stock were readily
effected at 21#23c per lb. Game was quiet
and unchanged. • •
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 16®18e per lb;
Geese, Der oalr. $2©2 26; Goslings, $2®2 25:
DuCks $5 50^6 50 per dozen for old and $6 50
®7 for. young: Hens, $0 50® 7 for large and $5
tail for smalt: young Roosters. $('• 5007 IQ; old
Roosters. $505 60; Fryers, $5 50(ftG 50; Broil
ers. $."«/5 50 for large and $4 50@5 for small;
PUoons $1 2."i@l 50 per doxen for old and $2 25
©2 60 for Squabs. - |
GAME — Gray Oeese, $3 per doz; White Geega,
75t(fi$l: Brant, fl SO for small and $2 for
large; Honkers, $5; Rabbits. $15<^175.for
Cottontails ami |1@1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 23.
Poultry and Game.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 11. — WHEAT— Unchanged
Bluestem, Sic; Club, 76c.
PORTLAND. March 11. — WHEAT Walla
Walla. 75c; Valley. S0?fS2c. •
The total clearances of wheat from this port
for the week . ending to-day were 33»i,080
bushels. ¦ . - • . . »¦
The steamship Claverlng cleared to-day for
Hongkong with 1)8.S!>!> bushels of wheat.
The- stecmship Indravelll cleared for Yoko
hama with 220,002 bushals of wheat, and.th*
ship Marachel de Turenne. for Queenstown
with 11,41)5 . bushels o( wheat.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
LONDON. March 11.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered lu.£01
bales. The attendance was large. Home buy
ers took the bulk of the" offerings. French
purchases included { greasy and Crossbred*
Americans bought greasy broken lots mod
erately. A good supply of scoureds was equally
divided between ' French and German buyeis
Fine Merinos were steady.
London Wool Sales.
ST. LOUIS, March 1L — Wool, steady; me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 17©21 ¦Re
light, fine, 15W17«4c; heavy, fine, 12@14%c'
tub washed, 20<5:31c.
Si. Louis Wool Market
- ' ' ' ;.- LIVERPOOL.
' Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening ¦..;.,.,« 8% 0 8 1 ,*,
Closing i.-.^.6 8& 6 8&
PARIS. '¦' . '-.'.¦
"Wheat— . March. Sept. Dec.
Opening 21 85. 22 00
Closing 21 1)0 . 21 95
Flour — '
Opening '....29 35 20 85
Closing 20 20 29 SO
Foreign Futures.
The White Pine Copper Mining Company of
White Pine County. Nev.. baa levied an as
sessment of 5c per share, delinquent April 18.
The Wolverine Copper Company of Michigan
has declared a semi-annual dividend of $3 5o
per share, payable April 1. The last previous
dividend was $3 per share. -
The United States Shipbuilding securitien
have been officially stricken from the New
York Stock Exchange list. -
There was a sale on Thursday of 200 shares
Chutes Company at $7; the last sale on record
was $S. the passing of the dividend having
bad a weakening effect.
At the annual meeting of the shareholders
of the United Railroads of San Francisco, tho
old board of directors wu re-elected. No
financial statement will be given out until It
has been submitted to the Eastern officials.
A large Interest In tho International Powder
Company states that, contrary to reports, the
first regular quarterly dividend at the rate
of 5 per cent per annum on $100 par will be
paid in April, as scheduled, on the preferred
stock of the new Dupont- International Powder
Company. It Is also stated that the first divi
dend on the old International Smokeless Pow
der common atock will be paid about the same
time at the rate of 2»i per cent.
Pennsylvania M. D. & O. Co. — Assessment
No. 1 of 3c 'per share has been levied, amount
ing to $7730. to become delinquent at the office
April 4.
At tha annual meeting of th« stockholders
of the Honokaa Sugar Plantation Company tha
following directors were elected: F. A.
Schaefer. "W. H. Balrd. W. Lanx, H. Fockr,
W. L. Hopper. F. M. Lewis and E. A. Mc-
Inerny. F. A. Schaefer was elected presi
dent. W. H. Balrd and Edward Points vica
presidents. W. Lanx secretary. Harry Schwartz
assistant secretary. H. Foclce treasurer and
E. A. Mclnerny auditor. The sugar crop of
1903 amounted to 1*412 tons, an excess of 1S$?
tons' over the estimate at the previous an
nual meeting. The crop of 1904 Is estimated
at 70OO tons. Permanent Improvements coat-
Ing $72.84? were made during the year, and
three notes of $20.1)00 each at 7 per cent,
maturing In one. two and three years, have
been Issued to meet this expense.
The American Can Company has declared
a dividend of 2% per cent on the preferred
stock, payable April 1.
The Union Pacific Railroad Company has
declared a regular dividend of $2 per share
on both the preferred and common stocks, pay
able April 1.
California Exchange 12,127 shares of Chicago
Crude Oil sold at 20c.
The Con. Imperial Mining Company has
levied an assessment of lc
Trade in Potatoes was auiet, as.' nearly all
dealers were well supplied and the consumptive
demand' 'was rather light. Sellers, however,
were still' firm In their .views and . were even
asking higher' prices on" the wharves for the
beat lots of table varieties. The -belated Ore
gon steamer brousht down 417«"> sacks, which
were r.ot unloaded until late. In the day. Re
ceipts of Onions were 441 sacks, nearly all of
which were brought down by the Oregon
steamer, and the market ruled' firm at the
previously quoted rates.
Receipts of Asparagus were light, as the
storm of the preceding day cut down the move
ment from the river districts, and prices of all
Krnde9 were firmer. ' Rhubarb arrived freely
and met with a fair demand. Receipts of Green
Peas from the south were chiefly of poor qual
ity and sold slowly owing .to the increased
competition of superior quality offerings from
across the bay. which were offering freely at
easy rates. The other Vegetable* stood as pre
viously quoted.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. $1 05
01 20 per < ctl: Oregon Burbanks. $1 25#1 35
per ctl; Petaluma and Tomales Burbanks.
$1 15@1 20 per ctl; River Reds. $1®I 10 ppr
ctl: small Oregon Burbanks for seed. »0e«i$l
per ctl: Garnet Chiles, $I@l 10 per ctl: Early
Rose. $1 25&1 50 per ctlr Sweet Potatoes, $2 85
per ctl: ntw Potatoes. 3c per-lb.
ONIONS — Yellow. $2 60@2 75 per ctl for Or
egon and $2 90®3 for Nevadan; Green Onions.
3U@5Cc per box. . .
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 15c per lb for
extra 12%c for No. 1 and 0@llc for No.
2; Rhubarb, 7<QSc per lb; Green Peas. 3®5o
per*lb for Los Angeles and 5®7c for bay;
8trlng Besns. 10@16c per lb; Tomatoes. 75ci*
$1 5O per box or crate for Los Angeles and
$1 25@1 75 for Mexican: Summer Squash from
Lo» Angeles. $1 25K1 50 per box: Cabbage.
$1 10 per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack:
Hothouse Cucumbers. 75c@$l 25 per dozen;
Garlic. 5@Cc per lb: Egg Plant. 25c
per lb; Dried Peppers. 6®8c per lb for Stock
ton and 10@12V4c for southern : Dried Okra,
10@12VjC per lb; Green Peppers. 15tfJ25e per
lb- Mushrooms. 15®30c per lb: Marrowfat
Squash l®l',4c per lb; Hubbard. %c per lb.
Onions and Vegetable*.
Cows are hUher and 'large Veal is He firm
er on the Inside quotation. Otherwise there
Is nothing new , to report
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are so follows:
BEEF— 7©8c for Steers and 6*4@7c per lb
for Cows. . -
VEAL— Larce. 7^@S%c: small. 800c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9HCl0c; Ewes, r»3D^c
per lb.
LAMB — Yearling*, lie; Spring, 16c.
PORK— Dressed Hogs* 7ff8Ue per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San* Francisco, less CO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 888c; Cows and Heifers.
7@Sc: thin Cows. 4j?5c per lb.
CALVES — t@4«4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4V 2 Q0c; Ewes. 4^6<He
per lb (sro5S weight).
LAMBS— 5V4<£?tSc per lb.
HOOS— Live Hobs. 140 to 200 lbs SKe;
over 200 lbs. 5l4@5%c: soft Hogs. -»iy34* 4 c:
Sows. 20 per cent off: Boar*. 50 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
All descriptions , under" this head remain as
before quoted, with quiet. markets as a rule.
HIDES ANP SKINS— Culls end brands sell
abuut 'itlle under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steen, 9fee-; medium. S^c; light.- 7 ! 5Jc: Cow
Hides. Sc fer heavy and i^o'for light; Stags,
Cc; Salted KId. 9c: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides. lfi^KJc: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Ca^f. .lSc; Sheepskins., shearlings, 25^30c each;
short Wool. 40®C5c each: m«dlum. 70090c: loni:
Wool. $1^1 50: Hone Hides. «alt. $2 75, for
larxe and $202 50 for medium. $1 234)1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 60c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c. dry salted Mexican, 25«; dry
Central American, 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
floras. •«5c / ; large and smooth. 50c; medium.
33c: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4V(@4^c per lb;
No. 2. 3>i«4c: grease. 2tt63c.
WOOL — Fall clip — Sun Joaqutn Lambs'. 09
lie; Middle County. It<fil2c: Northern defect
ive. 9'SlOc: Nevada. 13<515ej. Oregon, fine. 130
10c- Oregon, medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 25W •.Oc oer lb fnr California. l«0S.
and 20o fnr crop of t004. f»»les of 1904 Oregons
and Wa!<hlngtcns at^5Q17c are reported.
' Meat Market.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
O20th MerW.an — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 11—5 p. m.
The following are the reasonal rainfalls to
£ate. as ccmoared with those of the same
date last reason and rainfall in last tv.entj-
Jtur hours:
Lest This La-*t
F-nlorj — 24 hour*. Season. Season.
Eurtka 0.00 43.84
Red Blult Trace 24.17 19.21
Sacramento 0.14 12.00 12.28
Ban FYanclsco 0.23 13.23 12. S4
FY«*no O.OC 4.02 6.33
Inflependence O.O6 1.7S 1.S2
6an Luis Obiepo... 0.10 10.04 13.13
Los Angeles i.M 4.95 9.W7
Baa Diego O.CC 2. 62 9.72
THE COAST RECORD.
Q 2 2 3 ik »j
I SS Sa *.i & I
I B| SB || H I
STATIONS. £ *= 25 : a ? »
? & J e • e -i Z.
I c e j "" - a
• ? ? '. '. '•
Mt. Tarr.a!pais.30.r>4 41 .. SW Cloudy .04
liaker 30
Carson 29. 'J2 38 24 S Cloudy T.
Fresno 30.08 54 3S NE PtCldy .06
Flagstaff 29.72 48 34 SW Cloudy .01
Pijeatelio 36
Indejx-nderu-e .2*.».S2 RO 3*5 IV Clear
L«<e Angeles ..30.04 58 44 W PtCidy 1.34
North Head 38 ..
Piiot-nix 20.80 74 «0 W Cloudy ...
Portland 40
Red Biuff 29.94 52 4O sn PtCldy T.
Rt>«>burjt 3rt . .
Kacramtnto ..3O.O4 52 42 W Rain .14
Bait Lake 1".».S*» 44 44 S Clear .4«i
£an Francisco. 30. «W r>2 44 PW Clear .23
J=. L. Obli>po..30.I0 Z'2 40 W ' Clear .10
San Diego 30.04 5S 4« NW Clear .00
St-ettle 40
Bpokaa* 34
Walla Walla .. 2«
¦Wjnnemueca .2l».WJ 3S 2R S Fnow .02
Yuir^a ~«.b.S 72 54 W Cloudy ...
WEATHEB COXI'ITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A portion of the ptorm ha* moved rapidly
fapjuard and now overlies Utah and Northern
Arizona. Keport? are missing from the north
ern stations, tut there are indication* that an
etber disturbance ovtrilcs Washington.
¦ The treasure has ri.-rn rapidly over Ncith
t-rn Caiifarnia and Northern Nevada.
Ther* b*r i<en a decided fall in temp»rature
ever Northern Nevada a^ Utah, with snow
trt>m the to the Kocky Mountains
Hailstorms have occurred in the- San Fran
<jf-ro Hey dittrict and also in the Sacramento
Valley, a thunder^l'-rm is reported at Fresno.
The followhij; maximum wind velocities are
reported: Winnemucca. 30 miles, from the
T-^st; Halt Lake City. 2H, northwest: Modena.
4». Eouthwert; Klafrstaff, 30, southwest ana
Independence. 30. we»t.
The followlnj; river readings are reported:
t^an Joaq-uin briigp. 11.8. rtsinjr: MarysilUe
17. «. risinc; P.td Bluff. 20.9, rising; Sacra
rr.^r.to. 23.5. rlsln?.
Forecast made at Fan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnleht. March 12:
Northern California— -Clearing, cooler Satur
day: fret-h southwest windF, changing to fre»h
•R-^teriy.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday a.nd
*-<oler: possibly light frosts in the Interior
lirtit arestertjr wind.
Nevada— Lltht snow. Saturday; cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and mi
ffttled weather Saturday, possibly light show
ers, fresh fiouthwest wind.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
SHEEP — Receipts, 8000: sheep stronger,
lambs firm; good to choice wethers, $4 00® 3:
fair to choice mixed. $494 50; Western sheep.
$3 50@5; native lambs, $4g5 65; Western
lambs, $4 6CK&6.
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO, ;Mar«h^ll r rf0A'rTLB r -H(!C«lpt8 > i
2000; stronger; good to:. brlme" steers/ $5 25^0:
poor to medium, $3 50ig4 »<5; stockefs arid-f^d
ers. $2.5034 25; cows." $l«0#4 10f heifers,
$2 26<ffi4 50: couriers, ?$1 6062 50; <bulls . $2fl-J
calves? $2 75©5 75. [ f '. ' - ! ' ' '•- '
HOGS—Recelpts' to=-day; 20,000; tomorrow,
17,000; 5Q10o lower; closed strong; mixed and
butchers, $5' 1585' 30:' good to" choice heavy,
S5 40^5 55; rough heavy; . $0 1O<3<J 35; light,
$4 00«15 35; bulk of sales. $5 2O#5 40.
cHia&vpo,
Livestock -Market.
¦., IX was reported on 'Change that the rains
had at last visited I the Lima Bean districts
and .must Handlers rather expect- weaker prices
for this' variety, in the near future" Thus far
there is no change and the demand is reported
fair. The other Beans remain about the sam<'.
¦; BEANS— Bayos.- $2 35@2 55: Pea. $3; But
ters -• $3; small White, $3®3 15; large -White,
$2 -50@2 80: Pink; $3 20®3 35; Red, $4 75@5;
Llnia, .'$3 30©3 35; Red Kidneys, $4 50^5;
Biackej i e,'$2 10$j2 25 per. ctl; Horse Beans. $2®
fm~> ? y . • . ¦
--. BEEI?S4-Brown : Mustard. $3 75@4; Yellow
Mustard \ $303 25;' Flax, $1 80@l 90; Canary.
tiy i Q6%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14@l4%c: Rape.
l%@2c: Timothy, 6©6%c; Hemp; •"<%(^3%c per
lb; Millet, 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20^21
per-.ton.-
' DRIED PEAS— Blackeye, $2 2502 50 per ctl.
Beans- and Seeds.
Weather Report.
Money— u 8 Steel 10%
Call loans 3 ©4 Do pfd 5514
Time loans ...4%©5% Westing Common. 77'
Bonds— Mining—
<tchison 4s S8 Adventure 2
Do adj 4s 87 Alloue* 314
Railroads— Amal Copper 45%
Atchi»on 64% Amer Zinc jxL
Do pfd 8S Atlantic 4714
Boston & Albany.243 Blngham 19
Boston & Malne.165 Calumet & Hecla 445
Boston Elev 138 Centennial • ie*i
Fitchburg pfd 137 Copper Range ... 40'
Mex Central 10% Daly West 33%
N r. N H i H..190. Dom Coal 33$
Pc-rc Marquette.. 78 Franklin 71I
Union Pacific 72% Crancy ;„ 3^
Miscellaneous — . Isle Koyale 7»c
Amer Arge Cbcm. 13 j Mass Mining 31/
Do pfd '4 Michigan 414
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 Mohawk 35U
Amer Sugar 123% Mont Coal & C... 2%
Do pfd 123 Old Dominion .... «U
Amer Tel & Tel. 121 Osceola B5
Amer Woolen 10 Parrot 22'i
Do pfd. -> 73 Qulncy gj '
Dom Iron & Steel. 7 Si 'Shannon 7.V
Ed El^c Ilium.... 234 (Tamarack 05
<5en Electric ....160 | Trinity 414
Mans Electric 18 US Mining 20%
Do pfd 72%!U S Oil s%
Mass Gas 38 |Utah "33%
Un Shoe Mach.. 4fl 'Victoria 3
Do pfd 2» IWinona 514
United Fruit 0C%| Wolverine »»
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 18i Little Chief .... be
Alice l2 l Ontarl o 4 00
Bre^-ce 10'OphIr 4 eo
Hrunf Con 02|Pho«nlx ......... o«
Com Tunnel 00! Potoel 24
Con Ca! & Va... 1 70 ; Savage 72
Horn Silver 1 20| Sierra Nev 40
Iron Silver 2 00 Small Hopes 20
Leadville Con 02|Standard .... 2 60
Erie 1.000 22% 22% 22%
Erie lut pfd 400 01 \ 61% 61%
Erie 2nd pfd 300 37% 37% 37%
Hocking Valley 72%
Hocking Val pfd 78
Illinois Central 300 120% 126% 126%
Iowa Central 17
Iowa Central pfd 33 -
Kansas Clt« So 16%
K C So pfd...: 31%
Louisville & Nash. 700 102«g 102 101 fi
Manhattan L 1,900 141 140% 140%
M?t Securities 77
Met St Ry 4,200 113% 111 111%
Minn & St Louis 57
M St P A 6 Ste M. 500 60 69*4 59
M S P & S S M pfd . . : . 117
Missouri Pacific... 4,000 88 87% 87%
Mo Kansas & Tex. 800 16% 16% 16%
M K & T pfd 36%
N R R of Mex pfd S3
New York Central. 1,600 113% imi 113%
Norfolk & Western 1.500 54% 54& 54
1 Norfolk * W pfd 83
Ontario & West... 200 19% 19% 19%
Pennsylvania 0.800 112% 112% 112^
Pitts C C & St L 53
Reading 2,300 40 39% 39%
Reading 1st pfd 100 76 76 70
Reading 2nd pfd ' 66
Rock Island Co 4.400 19% 19% 19*4
Rock Island Co pfd 100 59% 59% NHi
¦ S L A S F 2nd pfd 100 41% 41% 41%
St Louis S W 300 13>4 13 13%
St L S W pfd 81%
Southern Pacific... 8.900 42Ti 42% 42>4
Southern Railway.. 400 19V1 19% 19%
So Railway pfd... 300 81 ?» 81% Sl^i
Texas 4 Pacific 22%
Toledo St L & W 23%
T St L & W pfd 33
Union Pacific 16,800 73% 72%. 72%
Union Pacific pfd 86%
Wabash 100 17% 17% 17%
Wabash pfd 400 32% 32 33%
Wheeling & L E 14%
Wisconsin Central 17%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 300 40% 40 40
Express Companies —
Adams 220
American 183
United States 103
Welie-Fargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 9,600 45% 45% 45%
Am Car & Found 10
Am Car & F pfd 69
Am Cotton Oil • 29
Am Cotton Oil pfd. ., 88
American Ice ..:.' • ..';. ' .;.. 7%
American Ice pfd.. 700 30% 29% 30
Am Linseed Oil 8
Am Lin Oil pfd 26
Amer Locomotive.. 1,200 22% 21% 21%
Amer Loco pfd 81%
Am Smett & Ref.. 600 47 40% i 4«%
; Am S & Ref pfd.. 200 91% 91% 91
Amer Sugar Ref... 1.400 124 123 123
Anaconda Min Co.. 100 C2 62 62
Brlclyn Rap Trans. 6,300 40% 40 39%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. :50O 27% 27 26
Consolidated Gas... 900 191% 191 190%
Corn Products 300 13% 13% 13
Corn Products pfd. 200 «j6% C5 fi4
Distillers' Sees 23%
General Electric... 100 ICO 160 160
International Paper 100 11% 11% 11%
Interntl Paper pfd 65
International Pump 33
Interntl Pump pfd 71%
National Lead 14%
North American 80%
Pacific Mail 500 25% 25 25
People's Gas 6.300 95% 94% »4%
Pressed Steel Car 28
Pressed S Car pfd 69%
Pullman Pal Car 210
Republic Steel 7%
Republic Steel pfd. 1,200 42 41% 41%
Rubber Goods 18%
Rubber Goods pfd 75
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 400 33% 35% 35
U S Leather : 67%
V S Leather pfd.. OOO 77 77 77
U S Realty 1.200 6% 6U 6%
U S Realty pfd.... 5,700 00 40% 46%
U S Rubber COO 12% 12 11%
U S Rubber pfd... 2,400 49% • 48% 49
U S Steel 3.700 10% 10%
U S Steel pfd 300 55% 55% ....
Wcptinghouse Elec 300 157% 157 '....
Western Union 300 88% 68% ....
Total sales 160.000 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. March 11.— No bond transac
ting to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common — Bid. $4 25; asked. $1 75. Preferred
—Bid. $38 C2%; a*ked, $39 50.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO4%|L & N unified 4s. 98
Do coupon 105 |Man con gold 4s. 103%
Do Ss reg 106 jMcx Cent 4s 64
Do coupon 106%! Do 1st Inc 13%
Do new 4s reg. 132 V* I Minn & St L. 4s.. 9tt
Do coupon 132% I M. K & Tex 4s... 98
Do old 4s reg..lO«%| Do 2ds 77'/.
Do coupon 107 jNR of Mrx con 4s. 75 "
Atch gea 4s 100 IN Y C gen 3%s.. 97*i
Do adj 4s ..... 68 N J C gen 5s. ..128
Atlantic C L 4s. 01 j Nor Pac 4s 103
Bal & Ohio 4a 101% Do a» 70%
Do ::%s 93% I Nor & W con 4s. 07%
Central of Ga 5s.lti5%|OKL- 4s & partlc. 91%
Do 1st Inc 60 jl*a conv 3%s.... »5U
Che» & Ohio 4%s.l01%| Reading gen Is.. 05=4
Chi & Alton 3'.i;s.. 76 |SL & I M con 5s.ll3
C 11 & Q new 4s. 'JlfiiS L &.-B F tg 4a. feO
CM * SP gen 4s.lOS jRt Louts S\V lstts. 02%
C & NW con 7«.129 I ,fc: Seaboard A L )«. hi
C. R 1 & Pac 4i«y «8 i So Pac 4s pgy.
Do col 5* J 76% ; Bo Ry 5« 112
C.C.C &. SL gn in'DSfeiTex & Pac 1st*. ..lir.%
Chi Term 4s 7». T. St L & W 4s. ti9%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 57%* Union Pac 4s.. . ltt'5%
Colo & So 4s 84 j Do conv 4s .... 95:!
Colo Fuel & I 70 |U S Steel 2d 5s 72
Den & Rio G 4i. »7%|Wab*h lsts 11.'.%
Erie prior lien 4s. JKH4» Do deb B .. . r,KV4
Do gen 4s 84H|W Sc L Erie 4s.. 87 ,
F W & D C lsta.l0t%|Wls Cent 4a 81*
Hocking Val 4%s.l04%)
There was no change whatever In local con
ditions. Chicago was somewhat higher. ' The
Chicago wires of Mitchell. Mulcahy & Co.
said: "There was very little change In prices.
Receipts of Hogs are again increasing and are
considerably In excess of last year. The esti
mate cf stocks shows considerable ' Increase
fclnce the first of the month. While the out
side buylns is less confident and on a smaller
scale, yet outside holders are the principal
owners of Hog product. Packers seem satisfied
to make and sell ths 'stuff at current prices
and local traders are as it rule not bullish. The
distributive demand' Is pnly lair.".- ...
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 13c. for light.
13%c for extra tight and. 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef. $10 COftll per bbl:
extra Mess. $11 50612; Family. $12 60Q13;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $24@23;
Mess, $18. Dry- Salted Pork. lOHffllc: Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
LARD — Tlreces quoted at 6%e per lb for
compound and 9"4c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
it Vic: 10 lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins. lOWe. 1
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels, » Vt c: one tierce.- 9%c; two tierces,
9?; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
. Large houses in the Hay trade say that Japan
war.ts good-sized blocks of Hay from this mar
ket and will take them If satisfactory quota
tions and freight, room can be obtained. Quo
tations have been wired to Japan, but no re
sponse has yet' been received. The market rules
for choice,- but the medium and lower
'grades are more or less weak owing to -the
farmers" shipping'' In more/ freely, as 'already
mentioned, and to the continuous rains, which
practically 'Insure a good crop. •¦» 'At the • same
time stocks throughout : th.e State are so mod
erate j that no particular decline is expected.
• Changes 'in Bran, - Shorts' and Rolled Barley
will be noted. - Middlings remain unchanged.
•. BRAN— $19 50(920 50 per- ton> '. , «*
C MIDDLINGS— $27 60029 per ton. > " >'
SHORTS— $19-60©2O-5O 'per ton. '
'; FEEDSTUFFS^Rolled B«rlejv $23 50«24 50
per tpn; tDllcake Meal afthe milt, ~ $29 '£06731;
Jobbing." .*M;' Cacoanut >Cake.' $22ft2U; Corn
MeaJ. $I>0 50®30 50; Cracked ; Com. " $30@3l ;
Mixed -Feed; .^|22@23 -i, .Horse. Beans, $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $15@18; Wheat and Oat. $15©
17; Oat. $13017; Wild Oat, $13ifl3 50; Bar
ley $13315; Stock nominal — none h?re; Al
falfa $12@13 60. • ,:
. STRAW— 50@75c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80@
6 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70®.":
Oregon and* Washington, jobbing at $3 85@1 25
per 'bfcl. -:. '
¦ MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: ' Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs:
Rye -Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $4©4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, (4 60@4 75;' Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina,. (4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25@8 60; In sacks. $6 76@S 10;
Pearl Barley. $8; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
'New York Stock market zveak. Cotton loiver.
Continued inactivity on the local Exchanges.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange rates undisturbed.
IVinter Wheat conditions reported unfavorable. : .
Local movement to control the May Barky option.
Oats, Corn and Ryt as previously .quoted.
Japan reported to zcant large lines of Hay in this market.
Bran, Shorts and Rolled Barley quoted slightly lower.
Rains at last reach the Lima Bean districts. ;) .
Butter and Egg markets affected by the heavy storm.
Cheese continues to decline under excessive supplies.. .
Fair demand for Dried Fruit in small lots.
Provisions slightly higher at Chicago, but .uncltanged here:
Wool, Hops and Hides as before quoted.
Nothing new in Sheep and Hogs. Cozvs and Calves firmer.
Potatoes and Onions quiet and unchanged.
Stort?i diminishes receipts of Asparagus from river districts.
Poultry in light receipt, owing to the rains. ! ¦
Oranges lozver, but moiling off better.
RAISINS— The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades. 50-lb cases — 2
crown Loose Muscatels. 5 Vic per lb:
8-crown, 5%c; 4-crowp. 6%c; Seedless .Loosa
Muecatels, 4V«c; Seedless floated. 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose. 5c; 3-crcwn Malaga loose, 5-%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4%c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. 5%c. Layers, ¦ per 20
1b box— 6-crown Imperial clustersv.$3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, %1 50; 4-crown fancy 'clusters.
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers, $1 25; usual advance for. frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 18-oz
cartons, per lb, 7=?ic; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. K%c: fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7%e;
choice 16-o» cartons, per lb. 7%c: choice 12-o«
cartons, per package. 6V4c: choice bulk car
tons, oer lb. 7',ic; 16-oz cartons. s*eded Seed
lines. Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-os cartons,
seeded SeodHncs. Muscatels, per lb 5-% c: bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per. lb. ti+«c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%Q14c:
No. 2. Il%'gl2c; No. 1 hardshell. 13iQ13%c:
No. 2. ll®ll%c: Almonds, 11 %c for Nonpa
reils, ll%c for I X L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and OHc for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6<J7c for
Eastern: Pecans. 11013c: Cocoanbts. $4 50«5.
HONEY— Comb. 10@ll%c for white and 8%
©'J%c for amber; water white extracted. 5@
S'.ie: light amber extracted, 4%tM%c; dark.
3%64e.
BEESWAX— 27329c per lb.
There Is no chance to report In these mar
kets. Trade Is moderately active, but confined
to small lots.*
FRUIT— Apricots. SVi©10%c for Royals and
0012c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4H0
5%t; sun-dried, 3%'S4^ic: Peaches. 5®7%c;
Pe.irs. 8®U%c; Nectarines, 5®5%c: Figs,
white, 3@4c in boxes; black. 4&c; Plums, pit
ted. 6@8c per lb. 1- -• ' '» • •
. PRUNES^-1903. crop. 2%©2Xc' for the four
sizes. ,* • •' " • •
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Cons money 85 9-161 N Y Central....'.! 17
Do acct 85 11 -16! Nor & Western.. 50
•Anaconda ; S'JI Do pfd 88
Atchison 6ti% Ont & Western.. 20%
Do pfd 91% | Pennsylvania 57 1 *
Bal & Ohio 70 | Rand Mines S%
Can. Pacific .....113% Reading 20%
Ches & Ohio.;... 30U Do 1st pfd 39
Chi Great West.. 14% Do Sd pfd 28%
Chi. Mil * St P.142H So Railway ...... 19%
De Beers 19% Do pfd 84
Den & Rio G.../18% So Pacific 43%
Do pfd 68 Union Pacific 74%
Erie 23% . Do pfd 90
Do 1st pfd 63Vi U S Steel 11%
Do 2d pfd, 39- Do pfd ........ 0fi%
III Central 130' Wabaeh ' IS
Louis & Na«h...lO5 Do pfd ......... 34 ¦
M. K & Texas... 17%|
Bar silver — Firm, 26J^d per ounce.
Money— 2%@2ft per cent.
The rate or discount In the open market for
short bilU is 9@3 1-lti percent and for three
months' bills 3@S 1-16 per cent. . -
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK,' March 11.— The following
table, compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank
clearings at the principal cities for the week j
ended March 10, with the percentage of in- ;
crease and decrease as compared with the cor
retpondlnc week last year: .
, Percentages.
Cities — Amount. Inc. l>«c.
New York $909,!i81,U35 37.3
Chicago 17S,ftS0,705 0.4
Boston 108,710,531 12.7 I
Philadelphia 87,475.654 18.8
Bt. Louis 56.7»7.0S8 17.5
Plttsburg 33,t»95,»61 10.3 ....
San Francisco ... 2.S,O70,20« • 0.7
Baltimore 20,831,615 13.8 ....
Cincinnati 21,605,000 • .... 8.5
Kansas City ..'... 21.510.S44 14.8 ....
New Orleans .... 20,079,281 20.9
Cleveland 11.957.600 .... 18.2
Minneapolis 13,072,285 1:1
Detroit 8,710,362 .... 9.2
Louisville ;. 10,000,000 .... , 6.5
Omaha 8,085,990 .... . 5.5
Milwaukee 7,'3OS,OC5 .....
Providence 5.770.000 11.9
Buffalo 6,570,455 • 5.5
Indlanapojls' ..... 5,364,491 5.3
St. Paul 5,301, «30 .... ' 11.9
Los Angeles 7.797.10C 25.7 '
St. Joseph 5.631,873 *
Denver 4.40*5,503 .:..' 0.1
Columbus 4,765,400 .... 2.2
Memphis " 6,160,511 20.5 ....
Seattle 4,018,418 0.2 .....
Richmond 4.459,762 8.9
Washington 4,044,139 3.5
Savannah ¦ 3,149,83t) .... 0.3
Albany 3,038,798 .... 8.3
Portland. Or 3,24«,294 18.3
Fort Worth 3.622.684 18.6 . ....
Toledo. Ohio 3.028,547 3.2
Salt Lake City... 2,100.549 22.7
Peoria 3,117.868 17.3
Atlanta 2.085.121 5.6
Rochester 2,057,355 .... 9.7
Hartford 2.899.985 4.0
Nashville 2.882,619 13.6 ...'.
Deti Moines 2,830,910 13.3
Spokane. Wash... 2.1«0,400 3.4 ....
Taeoma 2,134,319 3.0 ....
Grand Rapids ... 1,795,906 14.9 ....
New Haven . 1,633.424 2.2
Scranton 1.3S6.165 7.Q
Dayton 2,229,050 38.5 ....
Norfolk 1,574,380 :... '5.3
Springfield. Mass. 1,213.974 29.0
Worcester 9O4.9R4 39.0
Portland. Me..... 1.423,362 17.6 ....
Augusta. Ga....« 1.40S.427 8.3
Topeka ' 715,073 .... 47.0
Sioux City 1.247.181 20.4
Syracuse 1.127.304 .... 19. G
Evansvllle 1.113.083 4.6
Blrmlnsham 1.414.45* 7.6
Wilmington. Del. 986.449 .... 4.9
Knoxville 2.103,378 21.6 ....
Davenport 1.400.417 20.6 ....
Little Rock 1.1P7.348 12.1
Wilkesbarre 73S.839 .... 12.1
Fall River 902.749 13.7
Macon 1.022.000 8.6 ....
Wheeling, W. Va. 630.929 1.6
Wichita 1,032.028 19.3 ....
Akron 643.500 15.3
Chattanooga 79S.180 19.5
Springfl^l, 111.... 807,227 ' '8.0
Kalamazfto, Mich. C8O.73O 7.3
Youngstown ..... 613.831 IS. 4
Helena 614.2»7 7.5 ....
Lexington 802.747 7.3 •
Fargo. N. D 525,871 ¦ 7.5
New Bedford 415.005 18.0
Canton. Ohio 501.000 9.5
Jacksonville, Fla. 839,041 8.1 ..>>.
Lowell 810.910 13.4
Chester. Pa. 421,092 36.2
Greensburg .Pa.. 442,625 ' 18.1 I
RockfoM. III..... 5O9.891 .... ' -6.1
Binchamton 271,800 17.1 j
Springfield. O.... 333,328 18.7 i
Bloomlngton, 111.. 556.888 6.9 ....
Qulncy. Ill 472,730 29.0 ....
Sioux Falls, S. D. 291.953 17.3 ....
Mansfield, Ohio.. 197.W04 17.4 ....
Decatur. Ill 384,681 41.2 ....
Jacksonville, III.. 294.661- 12.6 ....
Fremont, Nebr. . . 238,208 30.1
•Houston 12,242,485 13. K
•Galveston 9,173.000 .... 4.3 I
tCharleston. 3. C. 1.225,423 7.0 {
Totals. U. 8... $1.740,711. 844 .... 26.2
Outside N. York 780.135,909 .... 6.3
CANADA.
1 Montreal $17,128,177 .... 27.1
Toronto 13.985,980 .... 20.1
Winnipeg 4,447,243 9.9
Ottawa 1.819,654 .3
Halifax l.«38.S<16 8.5
Quebec '1,345,307 5.9
Vancouver, B. C... 1.133.127 15.5 ....
Hamilton l,«tti,775 2.8 ....
London, Ont 780,705 .... 6.5
St. John, N. B aw.041 10.8 ....
Victoria. B. C 507,820 .8
Totals. Canada... $49,879,446 .... 17T4
•Not Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings.
tNot -included In totals because of no.com- I
parison for last year. s
London Closing Stocks.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Colored, per lb 7>U — Do sweet lb.. — «A 4
Dried Lima. lb.. — (? 6 Parsnips per dz.l3f<:20
Cabbage, each... CS10 Radishes* dz boh.l.Vn20
Celery, head 3®10; Rhubarb lb...lO®12%
Cress, dz bunch.15® — I Sage d> bnches.23<? —
Cucumbers, each. 10<315i String Beans Ib.l5ig'23
Garlic 10(9124! Summer Squash
Green Peppers, lb.%vS40| per lb .*.... i2%<013
Dried Peppers. ..l(vg2C| Sprouts, per !b.. Z® 9
Egg Plant. lb. ...C.Vu.'S.-, Spinach per lb. tMJ <i
Green Peaa. lb. S<aiol Thyme, dz bnchs.2y<J30
Lettuce, per doz. 15*3.101 Turnips, per doz. — ©13
Leeks, dz bunch. 15«20| Tomatoes, lb 1091.%
Mushrooms, lb..20®10| #
FISH—
Barracouta — @15| Rockcod —615
Carp 10©12%|Sea Baas —©15
Catfish — ©12i a JSmelts — ©t»
Codfish — ©12%T Soles 10<ei5
Flounders 10®— Skates, each 10® 13
Halibut 15i&— (Squid <B—
Honing 8@10|Tomcod 12%@—
Mackerel ...,...—(©— Turbot 20©—
Do horse 1&3— Trout — <B—
Rockflsh — ®12% Brook Trout — ® —
Salmon, freah. ..15<920| Whiteflsh 10©—
Do smoked.... 13®251 Clams, gallon eo^—
Sardines 10@— | Do hardshell, lb 8S1O
Shrimps — ®10| Crawfish lb — <815
Shad 10<9 — Crabs each 13@23
Striped Bass 13tf?20 Mussels, lb 12%®1S
Perch 100— Oysters. Cal. 10O.404J30
Pompino — @$2 Do Eastern. dz.3C@40
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, lb.. .15@25| Onions per lb .*ti<34
Artichokes. doz.4tt©90|Okra. dried, lb...2u@
Beets, dozen 10® — iPotatoea old,lb.l%©jti
Beans, white, lb. &g— Do new lb... 40 5
FRUITS AND NUTS—
AUigtr Pears. »ea.25©35i Dried Figs, lb— . 6@1»
Almonds lS'gSOl Grape Fruit, da.75cfi$l
Apples 5® 8| Limes, doz IMi 1.'.
Cranberries, qt.. — e25|Lemons do* 15fT3u
Pecans -HJ29I Oranges, doa 2C©3O
Brazil Nuts 20©— j Pineapples each.23<Q5O
Bananas, doa 23^40! Tangerines doj..l5(&2O
Chestnuts 13@2<H Walnuts per lb. 15^20
Cocoanuts, each. — ©10|
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 6O@00i Pigeons, pair — ®3O
Young Roosters. I Squabs, per pair.— Him
each 73c®$l! Rabbits each... .20(323.
Old Roomers ,ea.50^f;5i Hare, each — ©20
Fryers, each —©75! English Snipe d*.$4 CO
Broflers. each. ..5O@tf3! Jack Snipe dos.$2 5O
Turkeys, per lb.2."VQ27'Gray Geese each. 40^30
Ducks, each 7500*1, White Geese, ra. 15r ( J.'»
Geese, each. .— @$l 50| Brant, each 20f»40
Goslings $2 00J Honkers each. . .40<Se5
MEATS. PER POUND—
Bacon 1S©25! Pork Sausage. .12%©15
Hams lftSISi Smoked Beef — ©2O
Lard 12%«— |
The San Francisco Butchers' Protectlvo
Association gives the following- retail prices
for meats:
Roast Beef 1C-820I Hlndqtr Lamb.. ..1S«2O
Tenderloin Steak. 15SlS|Foreqtr Mutton.— ©12^
Portrhse. do.l7%©22%| Leg Mutton — ©13
Sirloin Steak.. 12%<915; Mutton Chops 15®2O
Round Steak... 10® 12 til Mutton Stew 8£1»
Beef Stew — ©10| Roast Veal 12«2O
Corn Beef SiglOjVeal Cutlets 13@2O
Soup Bones 4#— | Veal Stew 12%$15
Soup Meat 5ft'10iRoa»t Pork I2H«1>*
Lamb Chops — ©20ipork Chop* 13@ia
Foreqtr Lamb.l2%tm|
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC. —
Butter. choice.«q45©30| Cheese Swiss 25*jn3
Do good 85*H0|Eggs. do* 17%fi2O
Do packed. lb.22%ig- v 5 Honey, comb lb.— ©2f\
Cheese, Cal 12%@*J0| Do extracted.. 8®I(J
Cheese. Eastern. 20©25|
Eeasonable kinds of Fruits are onchanged.
with plenty of Oranges and Apples to be
had. Pears have disappeared and are dropped
from the list. Several descriptions of Vegey
table* are quoted 16wer. but prices of most
kinds are still somewhat above the purse of
the average buyer.
COAL. PER TON —
Wellington .$— ®10 00 New
Seattle $— <® S 50 Wellington *— <910 00
Roslyn $— @ 9 00 Wellington
Richmond ..$—©9 50 Nut $—0 9 00
Greta $— @ 9 0O[Cooa Bay *— ©*7 50
Eggs have been arriving freely nearly all
week and prices have bad a further decline.
Cheese Is abundant and very cheap at whole
sale, but the retail price baa not been affected
as yet. Butter stands exactly the same aa
quoted last week. bo« prices will probably
be lower before long, as It Is expected that
the production will Increase from now oa
owing to the recent heavy ralna.
Most kinds of Meats, particularly Mutton.
are sUIl high, with supplies light. Poultry.
Game and Fish have changed but little since
last week. .
strong, with sales of Feed reported at $1 10,
though business ' in the cash grain was not
brisk. The main ' strength was In the specula
tive ring.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 07%@l 10; Shipping and Brew
ing. |1 12%@1 15; Chevalier, $1 15® 1 35 for
fair to choice. .
FUTURES.
Eekslon 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May fl Of»94 $1 08 $1 00% $1 OS
December ... 1 01 1 01% 1 01 .1 01%
2 p. m. Session.
• . Open. High. Low. Qose.
May '.-:.. 91 08% >1 09 • $108% $109
December ...1 01% 101% 101% 101%
OATS — The market continues quiet and
steady at previous prices.
i White. $1 27%@1 37%; Black. $1 25®1 55;>
Red. $1 25@1 35: Gray. $1 32% per ctl.
' CORN— QuoUtlons remain unchanged and
the market continues quiet. * .
Western sacked $1 32%®1 37% for Yellow.
91 32%61 37% for -White and $1 30©l S5 for
Mixed; California large yellow, $1 37%@1 42%;
Bmall round do. $1 45@1 50; White. .$137 %@
1 42%' per ctl: Egyptian. $1 45(gl 50 for white
and $1 27%@1 30 for brown.
J RYE— $r:30«l 32% per ctl.
"BUCKWHEAT—*! 75@2 per ctl.
sequent scarcity that had arisen. ' Initial
quotations of May were up 1% to 2 cents at
95%c to 06c. July opened %©%c,to %01c
higher at 00c to U0 He. Additional reasons for
the bullishness with 1 which business com
menced were & sharp advance at Liverpool
and advices from Argentina stating that the
strike was not definitely settled, but that dif
ficulties were being experienced In "adjusting
terms of settlement. The early . advance
brought out much liquidation. One of the
leaders of the bull crowd . was reported to be
selling May In fair quantities. This helped
the market and Induced smaller holders to
take profits. The demand, however, continued
on a liberal scale, and as soon as the bulk
of the selling had ceased prices easily rallied
to the former high point. Later the offer
ings of May became so scarce, that the .price
of that delivery was forced up to 97c. The
situation continued bullish throughout the en
tire session. On realizing by some ' of the
early buyers the market late In the day re
acted a trifle from the nigh point, but the
close was strong. Final figures on May were
£>Cc. July closed at »0%c. . ¦ . ;
The opening" in- the corn 'market 'was-'-very
nervous, but prices at the same. Urne- showed
liberal. gains. The market closed strong, May
at tt<8oU%c; July %c higher at 51c
Oats were firm at the opening, in sympathy
w^th the 'strength in other grains, and on the
bullish.' tenor of. the Government report.- '.The
close was cteady.' . ¦ " • . . .,¦¦-' • '."„
Provisions were held comparatively steady by
two conflicting- influences. . A decline In hog
prices was offset \ by the strength In grains,
and in-'" consequence 1 hog products ehowed lit
tle charge 1 In values. Packers were the, main
sellers while the demand came' mostly from
shorts. The closing wa» steady, v May pork
was 7V4@10c higher; May lard was off 2%c
and ribs 2%c down. .
The leading futures range as follows:. '
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Whw,t No. 2— . .
Ma? ...., 96 97 05" 96
July. oM;...... 91% 02% 01% ; 92Vi
July, new 00^ 01% 69J4 .90^
Sept. old ....:.• HG% 8T, ¦¦¦,- 8G t>«V*
Sept. new 85% 85% -"84H 85*
Corn No. 2 — : • • ¦
May .'. 53% 63% 52% MS
July .'..;.• '61% 51% 60%-' i 51
Fevtemtier B0% 50%. 60% DOU
Oats No. 2— . v
May ..... 41% 41% 40% y tm
July ..V 3»% . 30% 38% 301*.
September .... 33% 34 33% ..-.aSV'
Mes.- Pork, per bbl — ' ¦ ". • t- i- ¦¦
May .:.:... 13 87% 14 00 18 80 13 97%
July .......14 12% 14 22% 14 05 ! 14-17%
Lard, Der 100 lbs— :¦, !¦¦ . s '-
May ....... 7 32% 7 37% 7 27%^ 7 30
July I.: '¦:.. 7 47% 7 00 7 42% -7 47%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May ....... 7 22% .7 25 7 15 " 7 25 ¦
July ..'..:... 7 35 7 37% 7 27%. 7 3f%^
Cftbb '^notations were as follows:* .Flour,
quiet and firm: No. 2 spring wheat, 90% @97e;
Xo. - S. .S2@0&c; No 2. red, i)3&99c;' No. 2,;
corn, BO%c; No. 2. yellow, -61%c; No. 2,'"oatso
40H@40%c; No. S. whlte,:40k%S-»2%cu No.i-2,:
rye, • <S6o;: good feeding .30@3ac: fair, to
choice malting. 45©55c;:No. flax seed,. $1 Q9;-
No. 1- Northwestern, '.$1 -16%; prftne." timdtby
seed, $3 10; mess pork, 'per . bbl, • $13- S7%@
14; lard, Der 100 lbs, $7 13@7 20; short ribs,
tides (loose). %1<§~ 17%; nhort • clear aides '
'boxed), $7 37%@7 50; whiskey, basis of high
wines, .fl 28; clover, contract grade, $11 50. ,
Articles — j ¦ • ¦¦'..,-.. Receipts'. Shipments.'
Flour, barrels ....... .:. 60,200 / •'- 3-M00
Wheat, bnsheli ...... ;.i 51,800 . .39,300
Corn, bushels .'..'". .-.,;.. 300,500, • •' .163,3oO
O;its. bushels ..... .':,•'. .320,500 "" . I 245,500
Rye. bushels •'. : ;•' 11,500 •'*•¦'¦- 700
Barley, bushels ;..... 1M2V.5D0 --. -,10,200
On the : Pi trfuce. Exchange to-day thel but-'
ter market was weak. .Creameries, 14^23 %c;
dairy? 13@21c; ieggs,- steady, 17®lT%c;chetse,
steady, 10%eil%c. i. .= •....:. '¦ v. ;... t ;-.j,. /
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $162
per box for fancy and 60cfl$i 25 for choice
and htandard; Seedlings, 50crf»«; Tan
gerines, 7&c*/$l 25 per box; Lemons. $1 «5@2 80
for fancy $i 25©1 50 for choice and 75c®* 1 for
standard: Grape Fruit. $1 25«2 60; *Uxic«n
Limes. $0©6 SO: Bananas. $1©2 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $1 50»2 25 for Central Ameri
can; Pineapples. $1 50@2 60 per dozen.
cleaned up and 'ruled firm, whlle^ all* other
fruits were In ample supply and featureless.
•VPPLES — $1 75^2 per box for extra fancy.
$1 25<S1 00 for ordinary fancy. 85c®*l for
choice and 35<3fi5c for common.
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1904.
Family Ketail Market.
Continued on rage Fourteen.
' There was not much fluctuation in quota
tions on the local exchanges, trading still be
ins - light. - California Wine Association sold
off to $91 5O and Hutehlnson Sugar was weak
er at IOCiS 75. On the morning session of tho
Continued Inactivity in Local
Stocks and Bonds. . .
Future Grain and Provision*, h
CHICAGO, March 11.— At the opening a rush
of shorts to cover and a fair demand -from
commission houses left little doubt as to the
manner in which ¦ the Government wheat < re
port had impressed the majority of traders.
The report was seemingly ¦ taken as virtual
confirmation of all the vague reports of heavy
domestic consumption of wheat and the con-
Chicago Board of Trade.
, Trade In Oranges : showed considerable Im
provement, as local retailers were taking ad
vantage of ths : lull In the storm to replenish
their depleted stores, and there was a good
inquiry for shipment on the Puget Sound and
Honolulu steamers. ¦ Stocks, however, -were
heavy and despite the improved . demand,
prices'; ranged lower, both in the open market
and in the auction rooms. " The auction ealft
wan 'well attended and jobbers took advantage
of .the low prices and purchased freely. . Six
cars." Including, one of extra fancy Rediands
fruit '.were sold. Ordinary sizes of extra- fancy
sold ¦ from $1.30 to.$l 60 per. box. with one
lot of -twelve boxes of large sizes bringing
$2 10. .The other - five cars told as fallows:
Fancy. 75cff$l 60; choice. 5Oc@$l 25; stand
ard, 40<fi.S0c. Mexican- Limes, wera closely
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Copper advanced &« In London, closing at
£57 for spot : and £50 for • futures. Locally
copper Is quiet: lake was held at $12 50@>12 75
electrolytic and casting. $12 37V4W12 fl2>£
Lead was unchanged - here at $4 <JOW t GO
but closed Is 3d tower In London at £12 17* 3d'
Spelter was unchanged, closing at SR 10
while In the English market It declined 2s 6d"
where it closed at £22.
- Jron closed at .".la 3d in Glasgow and at 42s
3d in Mlddlekboro., Locally iron was un
chanred. ¦ •¦
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15The; examination' of i Cecil Brown,
first mate of the American steamer
Argyle, charged with beating Henry
Comisky, an oiler, on the high seas
between Honolulu and San Francisco
was held before United * States ¦' Court
Commissioner; Heacock yesterday.
Brown was ordered held for trial
with boridB fixed. at' $250, ' " - '
M ate Brown Held I for Trial.
Judges Dunne, 'Cook and Lawlor
sitting in bank yesterday rendered a
decision in favor of M. B. Kellbgg^nd
L. O. Levison on their; appeal from a
Judgment of the lower 'court convict-
Ing them of violating an. ordinance re
quiring that owners of buildings must
protect elevator shafts' with proper
gates. The court held.th. t the mat
ter came under the building ordinance
and as it had not -been shown that
the owners had*, not made the neces*
sary protection' they were not > liable.
During a fire-in the 'building at 134
Sutter street on: June, 23, .1904, Cap
tain O'Brien of chemical engine No'.
2 fell through/ an elevator .shaft, the
gate having been carelessly left open',
and was seriously ' injured. : The ar
rest, of Kellogg, and Levison followed.
Judges Sustain Appeal.
street improvements to 1 be provided for
in the next budget. On-Thursday.morn-
Ing the Federation of Mission Improve
ment Clubs and other similar organ
izations will be heard on the same sub
ject. - V."rC:: ." r ; ¦¦ :'¦¦¦:> ' '
To-day occurs. the opening of the al
ready famous Scotch Plaid Tailoring Co..
at 1009 Market street. Unannounced
they came to San Francisco and in a
marvelously short time have fitted up
on« of the most uniquely ornamented
and arranged tailoring establishments in
L°*?u J, n . ke £ pins: wi *h the name, the
Scotch Plaid Tailors have artistically in
troduced the plaid in both exterior and
interior decoration-. Special wall paper
has been manufactured purposely for
their use in their various stores that is a
splendid simulation of the real plaid
pattern. The large store space has been
well economized for the display of ah
enormous variety of cloths and the ex
peditious handling of -custom trade. To
day should 'prove a memorable; one. as
the nrm has for the past few days been
advertising some very attractive premi
ums on the opening day and these in-
m £ nt 5 a t r e offered in conjunction"
with the fact that every suit made is of
only one price, viz:. $15.00. A band of
music will be present, also three Scotch
men with haerplpes... T*T ; Tr"
To-Day He Will Be Introduced to the
Citizens of San Francisco in
Ills Favorite Role.
THE SCOTCHMAN.
The headquarters of '. the ¦ league are
at '425 Montgomery, street. '-The, trus
tees have appointed a promotion com
mittee, consisting of Alpheus Bull,
Dr. Mayo A. Greenlaw and
Craig.
The aim of the . league; Is : to secure
the establishment .of ., the -parcels post
in the United States during the com
ing year. • J
A permanent organization has been
effected by the" . Postal .'. Progress
League of California. The officers for
the year are Edward Berwick, Pa
cific Grove, president; Edward H.
Mitchell, San Francisco; treasurer; J.
V. Kimball, San Francisco,; secretary;
Purpose of Body Is to Aid in the Es
tablishment of a Parcels- Post
in the United States.'.
The Bureau of Streets, Department of
Public "Works, yesterday commenced
the renumbering of Duboce avenue,
formerly Thirteenth street, starting
from Mission street running west
Next Tuesday morning the Board of
"Works will give a hearing to property
owners and taxpayers generally \ to as
certain their desires in the matter of
City Architect Shea and Thomas
Butcher, the contractor who was erect
ing the building, were present. The
board informed Butcher that in order
to prevent the building from -falling
down at least four stories would have
to be remored. Butcher stated that
under an arrangement with the owner,
Henry Sahlein, and himself the desired
action would be taken this morning.
Riggers will be put to work at once
to shore up the building. A cable will
be attached to the fifth story of the
building to render it more secure and
the sixth and seventh stories will be
taken down piecemeal. "When four sto
ries have been taken down the building
will be reconstructed. Care will be
taken to preserve the, brick and terra
cotta work, which will be utilized again
in the reconstruction.
The Board of Public "Works held a
special session yesterday for the pur
pose of taking steps to bring about
the demolition of the wind wrecked
Sahlein building at the southwest cor
ner of Bush and Polk streets.
Board Orders Demolition of
Wind- Wrecked Structure
at Bush and Polk Streets
BUILDING WILL
BE TAKEN DOWN
PEANUT IMPORTER WOULD
DIE FOR A PRINCIPLE
Customs officials ran up against a
hero yesterday, a man that was will
ing to lose 14 00 cash and SO. 000
pounds of unshelled peanuts rather
than pay 12, cents that he believed to
be an overcharge.
The invoice showed that the peanut
importation weighed SO, 000 pounds,
which. : at ; the . rate of half a cent a
pound, called for a duty of $400. This
sum. the Importer paid, but when the
customs people weighed the goobers
the scales showed 80,024 pounds,
which left a balance of 12 cents duty
due. The importer was indignant
when called upon- to pay the balance,
he contending that as the peanuts
were weighed here when it- was rain
ing, the excess of twenty-four pounds
was rain water, and domestic rain
water at that,' on which there could
be charged neither duty nor Internal
revenue tax. He threatened to take
an appeal to the board of general ap
praisers at New York, even though it
might cost him several hundred dol
lars, but the trouble was ended by his
broker paying the disputed' 12 cents
out of his own pocket.
Refuses to Pay 12 Cents Additional
Duty on a Valuable Consignment
of the Goobers.
POSTAL PROGRESS LEAGUE ; '
PERMANENTLY ORGANIZES
The Calaveras , Prospect says that
there is much Interest In mining prop
erties . in.; Calaveras ,, County. More
money will be expended In- mines In
the* county, according to :,the report,
than during many previous years. -Sev
eral deals have : been closed/ recently.
Development work , is \ projected quite
extensively.- .Much attention has .been
paid recently to : "gravel i channels^ Im
proved «. machinery j has overcome -the
obstacles to working deep channels.
Active work along the' whole line from
Central Hiir to Calaveritas; Is likely to
take place ; during the coming summer
season. ,'_'•--• ' ,-> ;"' ¦.-¦"' - - '¦• '<¦¦•<'
- ¦ The ; Tuolumne Independent tells of
transfers of mining properties in Tuol
umhe,: which are concisely summed; up
as -follows:' ', ..••;- ¦. .
. Vi The Slap Jack mine and th^ Ora" Vista, mine,
near Big Oak- Flat .\have been deeded- to ; the
'Evelina Gold Mining- Company by Annie U
Krnerpon and others/ The Contention mine and
the Bates mill site have been deeded by • P. J,
Port' to . Isabel * M; Summers .'of Oakland. The
Cherokee Company that, operated the- Laura
and North Star mines t Is reported, : under re
organization,' to' be about- tt>i work the prop
erties. W.H. Harding, and wife have made
an agreement • concerning ' mining ' rights with
the Saratoga ¦ Mining and Development Com
pany, g The . gravel, mine , on' the.; Doyle ranch,
west of Columbia, has. been rebonded j to Clar
ence Sawyer of San Jose." -- .
' The'.Murchle mine in Nevada County
has' started • its ..new mill.'.; It has^a
capacity of ' fifty .. tons in twenty-four
hoursV; ",'',;.'.¦. •' .: ¦ ' ¦¦* ¦ -- ¦"¦ *¦ '
The Oroviile Register estimates the
value of gold daily taken out by dredg
ers' in the" vicinity of Oroviile at J5000.
There are " twenty-five - 4 dredgers ; and
they average $200: a day each, .accord
ing ;, to the authority/ mentioned. The
gold ;j output; for " the .present , year • in
the vicinity, of pfovilleibydredgerj pro
cess ; is: estimated ; by/the Register .at
$2,000,000. ?.;;.' .
The ' old * Soulsby ' mine "': in ' Tuolumne
INTEREST: IN ¦ CAUAYERAS.
Another matter of. more or. less in
terest to the miners of California la
again brought to the front by the dis
covery in; Santa Barbara; County .that
the sinking of oil wells to great depths
by, the petroleum miners is giving ex
cellent' results. The Santa ' Barbara
Independent makes thie fallowing re
ports of results in southern fields:
¦ The results' of deep .-drilling -In" the Los
Alamos, Sania Maria and Lompoc oil fields
which have developed within the- past few days
has settled absolutely the advantage *of -«1eet<
wells -over the. shallow ones which -have beon
put down by a majority of "theoperatli? «N>m
panies in the'past. It is particularly apparent
that the - idea has been, abandons 1h.it any
shallow wells of great degree of productiveness
will be found fouln of the moMntain* "for ex
perimental drilling to a greater depth ) than
usual has proved the advantage cf gei:>.r <lr>wn
at least 3000 urt.- ' The - Unlot O'l .Company,
which is ouenvingr on the I'ntiJ.ilmi rancho,
la poinsr iloA-n fa a depth ¦ of "200 feet. : en
countered fully TOO feet >f :il i.inds.-lheactual
depth of which has- not yet been determined.
It is because of this f net that »h" other rtm
panlcs In the Northern Santa Tlarbara County
fields have determined .o :>it '.he drill Icvn
much deeper than htis b^in cU!»toni.iry in the
past. - Thursday afti.-noon the. Western. Union
Company, operating on the'Careaga raneho. in
the 1-ios' Alamos ride of the- hUls ( ; secured -a
biR flow of oil from- well .No. 13, which had
been put down to a depth of 2750 feet. "As was
reported, thin • well is capable • of ; producing
about 1000 barrels of oil a day under the
pump, and the product la of higher -gravity
than that of any that has been . found In the
Northern Santa Barbara County field. The
company . had . Intended I to sink the well to a
depth of 4000 feet.
. In the area included in the Marlpona landa
which have, been, thrown' oped to settlement
are • numerous gold-bearing veins and pocket
mines, the value of many of which can only
be determined by time. .Of course, many of.
these are known, but It' is improbable that
all of the veins, or deposits have been located
or discovered; and- the. experience, of the past
has shown that in such a region the mineral
industry is of greater value - to the ' country
than the product of agricultural pursuits.
¦.Indeed, in that particular .region the farms
increase or decrease In value with the rise and
fall of success In mining, for the entire county
Is dependent upon : . the .mines for support—
farmers and townspeople alike — for mining Is
the only support - of ' the region, which is too
far removed from other . markets to make agri
culture profitable. It is to be hoped that
when applications are made at; the land, office
the necessary steps .w.lll: be taken to determine
the character, of the. land before the applica
tion Is filed, and in this way expensive and
unnecessary Htleation averted. . -— ¦
: The' mirilh& papers are'paying some
attention -to this matter, which i has
many features of interest. Speaking
of the Mariposa County lands that
have- been ' taken from the Yosemite
reserve,' the Mining and Scientific
Press; says:
While certain portions are undoubtedly val
uable as agrlcuIturaUland. unless extreme care
is. taken by the intending settler he is likely
to have his filing contested by mineral claim
ants. The" time *to" determine the character
of land is before filing is made by the agri
cultural applicant. The law excepts all land
"known" to " be mineral from ¦ agricultural
entry, -when -such "land is. more valuable for
mineral than for agricultural purposes." This
Is. in. the very nature of things, while not
ambiguous; '.'. an', uncertain ."quahtlty/ 'for' the
mineral vein or deposit which Is unprofitable
to-day may be '.the paying mine ol the near
future. "' :
\lf there were, any .doubt^ at any time
that the water supply would insure a
long run - the . coming season , in all
parts of the mining country that. has
now been effectually dissipated. • <"
Pending, the resumption of
tions to their fullest extent in this
State there are interesting topics to
engage -the mining men. .One of these
is found- in the withdrawal of portions
of .the Government's forest reserva
tions in California, especially where
the lands withdrawn from the forest
reservations ' include sections that are
principally known to be mineral lands
or are,; at least," oh the face of the
facts, reasonably entitled to.be styled
mineral rather than -agricultural in
character. When the forest reserve
sections - have' 'been withdrawn .'•" they
have ' been -thrown ,/opeh" to possible
agricultural uses. In >the. present sit
uation'there is ample opportunity for
controversies to' arise. It be un
derstood that when mineral lands are
included in . the forest reservations
they can \be operated notwithstanding
the Government tenure of the. reserve.
The withdrawals by the Government
in Northern California are quite large.
They amount -to 558,000. acres in'the
Lassen Park and Feather • River re
serves.. Forty thousand acres »haye
been withdrawn from the:Bear Valley
country, in Mariposa County from the
Yosemlte forest S reserve. '•
MARIPOSA'S MINERALS.
„. The severe . storms of the last few
days ; have brought Training . in several
sections 'temporarily, to a -standstill;
When the roads > are blocked - with
snow and mines are: snowed" under
there. are many properties that* cannbt
be worked' until a thaw • "'conies! 'Under
existing conditions there is little to be
expected in .the nature of sensational
discoveries. \ Properties continue to
attract new capital. . Agents of East
ern capitalists are -in the, State looking
for good mines, but they will buy no
Other. • ¦¦•'¦. - ¦ . ' • • •• :-
The Grass Valley Union says that
the in the suit in the North!
Star case will probably, lead to the re- '
sumption of work at the Massachusetts i
Hill. mine. The suit, which has been 1
pending for some years, was common- |
ly. believed to have caused the suspen- i
sion of the Massachusetts Hill mine, I
which employed. 200 men. The com
pany denied this to be the fact, but
work was stopped soon after the suit
was begun.
The Mount Vernon mine in Sisklyou
County has resumed operations.
The drainage of the Cripple Creek !
mines is progressing steadily through
the agency of the El Paso tunnel. The ,
decrease reported in the Elkton and
Mary | McKinney properties approxi- !
mates, three feet a week, while pro- fc
pdrtionate gains are estimated by other
companies where regular measure- i
ments are taken. The eighth level of
the Elkton and the sixth, of the Mary
McKinney are not far below water line,
while in several other mines admission .
The Placer Herald reports that the
Evening Star mine on Rock- Creek has
been^sold to Eastern parties and that
D e Lamar has boughtHhe Three Stars
mine. The Crandall mine is operated
under bond to ¦ an Eastern party. The
Big Pine mine is bonded to the same
people. . . •
Of the operations at the Argonaut
mine the Amador Ledger- says:
The management is cutting the station at
the 1950 level. There are still two morel sta
tions to cut below thts without any further
sinking:, it is expected that fully two months '
will. elapse before these 'stations are completed. I
It Is then the intention to sink • deeper. - and
at the same time run drifts to the ledge and
take ore out. There will probably be a, large I
reserve of ore in the bins before the mill is
started. , The bins will hold -over '3000 tons
of rock— nearly enough for a month's run.
The late hea-vy rains have largely increased
the flow of water. It is now fully doub'e the i
ordinary quantity. The facilities for handling
It are sufficient. ¦ •
OPERATIONS IX GENERAL.
County has been transferred to Its new
owners. . ,
The Mother Lode Banner describes,
editorially, the situatlpn as concerns
mines in its vicinity as follows: /
T The mining situation In this county Is some
what aulet at present, three large mines ' be
ing out of commission. There are. signs, how
ever, for prosperous conditions during the ap
proaching season. There Is a probability that
the supply of water will .be sufficient until
late in the fall and the increased use of oil
fuel has done much to place the mines and
mills on a confident basis of self-support for
power. As we have pointed ! out 'heretofore,
there seems to be a change in the methods
in opening mines here, latter day investors
appearing to realize the necessity of guaran
teeing a sufficient capital I for the equipment
and proper development of a property before
expecting large return*. ¦..
¦ >. ¦ ¦ . - ¦ . ¦•- , ¦ .....
Lands Thrown Open to Settlers Embrace Mineral
Deposits, but Are Considered Agricultural.
Deep Drilling of Oil Wells Proves Profitable
FOREST RESERVE WITHDRAWALS
CONCERN CALIFORNIA'S MINERS
Clarence Cummings, a colored man,
who pleaded guilty in Judge Dunne's
court to a charge of robbery, was sen
tenced yesterday to serve five years in
San Quentin. James Mickens, . who
was. .held to \ answer . on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon, jwas al
lowed to plead guilty in the same
court to a charge of simple assault
arid was sentenced to serve ninety days
in the County Jail. "; -^
Five Years in " San Quen tin.
Hu* Jones, the attorney whose al
leged ¦ mismanagement of the Modney
estate caused ¦ quite a sensation some
months ago, yesterday made a fight
in Judge Kerrigan's court for a fee
from the -.estate, of; Elizabeth O'Con
nor. He-was opposed by. Keough &
Olds, who, since the retirement of
Jones, have conducted the affairs of
the O'Connor estate. Jones' successors
opposed ;his claim on the ground that
Jones, because of his failure to pay
t^ the administratrix $240 he received
for the estate from the ' Spring Valley
Water Works, was not entitled to any
fee: Judge Kerrlgani however, allow
ed him $170 and Keough & Olds $350.
Small Fee for Hu Jones.
Plso's Cure for Cor^umptlon la an effectual
remedy for cold«on the lung*. Druggists. 25c*
Marine Engineers Wanted.
! The United States Civil Service
'commission anounces an examination
• on March 31 for the position of ma
i rine engineer for gasoline launch In
: the quartermaster's department ' at
. large. Alcatraz Island, at $900 per an
! num. and other similar vacancies as
: they may occur. Age limit, 20 years
j or over. Applicants are required to
; file with their applications their li
i censes as, marine engineers and must
I have had experience in ..the operation
of marine gasoline engines. Apply to
: the United States Civil Service Com
i mission. Washington, D. C. or to the
j secretary of^ the Consoldated Board
I of Civil Service Examiners. 301 Jack
son street, San Francisco, for applica
tion form 1093, which should be filed
in complete form with the United
! States Civil Service Commission,
1 Washington, D. C. prior to the hour
I of closing business pn March 31.
¦ has already been gained to the sub
merged levels. According to measure
ments, 6500 gallons a minute are com
j Ing out, and that has been steadily
1 maintained for several weeks. In the
' meantime the east heading Is advanc
! Ing Into Raven Hill and recently cut
> several small feeders. The breast of
' the tunnel Is over 6000 feet from the
I portal. *
I It Is reported the owners and general
! managers of the Bull Hill mines, espe
. dally those affected by water, propose
: further. extensions of El Paso drainage
i tunnel. It would • be necessary, per
: haps,' to vary the course slightly and to
1 drive it another mile to accomplish
i good to the mines on Bull Hill and the
; south slope of Battle Mountain. Should
: this tunnel be continued Into Bull Hill
j it would drain such mines as the Find
¦ ley. Golden Cycle, Hull City Placer,
; Last Dollar find others to a depth of
; 1300 feet. This would enable these pro
| ducers to.; use. pumps, If .the water
f. question troubled them below this
depth!. It is thought It would require
i nearly two years to do the work.
St. Mary's square. The petition will
be considered by the Finance Com
mittee.
. . . - •
THE SAN FRANCISCO; ; CALL,. ;;SATURDAY^ MARCH 12, 1904
Money - for ; St. Mary's Square.
St. ¦ Mary's Square Association has
petitioned . the • Supervisors ' to include
In the • next budget the -sum of $25,
000 for" the acquisition "of lands ~f or
16
II Big Specials
TO-DAY AT
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-22-24 MARKET ST.
MAIL OEDEBS GIVEN PBOMFT
- ATTENTION.
POSTAGE PEEPAID OK A.T.T.
ORDERS OF SLOP AUTO OTEB.
SPECIAL I— HOSIERY.
a. a m g\ Women's Black Cot-
A T I I I C ton Hose. White Foot.
*»*• *VV a good 20c quality.
SPECIAL 2— PETTICOATS,.
Women's Mercerized
Petticoats. Black and
White Striped Effects.
A i. rfP— An extra deep dust
' £. Ow ruffle. Deep accordeon
plaited flounce < or
flounce trimmed with
four ruffles.
SPECIAL 3 —^CHILDREN'S VEST*. '
Children's - Fleece
* * "m w g\ Lined Cream Vests;
j J\ T.I yf Pants or Drawers to
.***- * match. A regular 35c
value.
SPECIAL 4— WOMEN'S VeSTS.
Women's Combed
Egyptian Cotton Vests.
a ' . *m i\ Color-Peeler. ' Slightly
A ¥• -tlJr* damaged. Formerprice
r\L Oy^" 76c. To-day and as
Ions as quantity lasts
39c.
SPECIAL 5— a lBBOHS. .
1000 yds. of Taffeta
v ' Wash Ribbon. 2%
.A 1 C Inches wide, go on
/VT SC Special Sale to-day at
* *• v *^ w 5c. All colors. Worth
10c.
SPECIAL 6 -VEILINGS.
S Chiffon Drape Veils,
A 4. \ Q _ 1% yds. lone, all col-
AI IOC ors - Sold aI1 other
A m *" w days for 35c.
. SPECIAL 7— BELTS.
¦ Shaped Crushed Leath-
' A' 4- ' *^ C/-»* er Be!t " ' m a11 • tne
/\l ZuC Leading Shades. 60c
value at . 25c. . ¦
SPECIAL 8—HAN1K RCH1EFS.
Our New-Tork buy-
er bought by chance
'a j' ~ ; 5000 doz. of Wotnen's
£\T '¦ Linen Hemstitched
**l VV Handkerchiefs, V, ln.
. to % In. border. A
splendid 12 quality.
SPECIAL-- 9— COR ETS.
';..' \ ' Ask for our 51.23 W.
li- (t 1 00 B - R - & G - Warner's
V AT «ft I * or Thomson's Corsets
*** 7^ . ¦ to-day. Special at $1.
SPECIAL 10— SIDE HOSE SUPPORTERS
". a j 4 tf\ "Pin On Supporters In
AT: I I Wf all colors. A regular
.*T^ *- , * V V .. 20c quality.' ¦
SPECIAL II— CUFF end COLLAR SET..
I Bulgarian • Effects ln|
Over Collars, Cuffs -tol
Match. They are real-l
ly worth 36c. I
iniiiumiiiiiiiiiiiii;ii IBIIIII p ll | lll|||||
[SMITH'S NEW STOBEi
¦ Grand Opening: Saturday, March 12th. §
¦ •; New and elegant store at 773 Tlarket |
g Street, bet. Third and Fourth. 1
g A handsomeMine of special imported woolens 1
g on display— directly imported from • Bartrum g
I Harvey & Go.; London. ' g
n 3FbCIAL UhhtK Suit Order valued 'from $15 u
a FOR/ SATURDAY to- $50. These vests usually g
g ' -•• ' ;' ' seh at $5 to $10. ¦ °
a The Merit ol Ovr Goods and WorKmahship Arc. Well Known. §
S 'COME TO THE OLD ESTABLISHED TAILOR, g
* J SMITH ¦
¦ 773 MARKET ST., Bet 3d and 4th. o PP . Pbcian Bvud^ S
DCBBSOaaBgHBaaaBBSBBBBaBHBBBBEaaBOaaBBBBUBBU
MAXIU. March II.— Executive Secretary
Arthur W. Ferrusson has been appointed the
official representative of the Philippine 1b-
2acds ex ¦ the 6t. Louts exposition.
- $100 Rupture Cure tor- $10 by Hunter. 1208
Market et. Send for circular. .- •
Want Manchester Street Extended.
Property owners yesterday petition-
ed the 'Supervisors' to purchase a lot
75x60 feet at the north end, of Man-
chester street for the extension of the
thoroughfare to Bessie street.
Floating spots before the eyes, dim-
ness of vision and weak eyes, cured by
Murine Eye Remedies. A home cure for
eyes that need care. •
I a /r\i^r r^i t #*a c& /raw j'«
-Hh|'-
\Jr \^J ff^ N B^^I ¦ •
Two - Piece Suits We take ? reat P fide Norfolk Suits '
7 to 16 years. *ll- | n clothing the COlTl-» • In fancy twsds
wool. Gray and brown ° - arid cheviots, i rous-
TT^suTZl ins men ;of- Call- f^^Sut 8 "!
ZZ fornia. We .have toI2^ Forto - day
fashioned garments cBtH
for them from the — . -'¦¦ •• : ""- :
Three-Piece Suits same mode , s ag thei( . ' *gg*.^ |^ters,
Blue cheviot and . k.m»»i*ii oiuuics
irsTinTd^AU woT f athel * S a ° d bl S M)
Gray and brown pat: brothers; brOad
terns built on manly ~U*.*\A~~^ 414- lars: 1 he dressiest
lines. 8 to 16 years. SllOUICierS, Well Ilt= suit for youngsters.
For to-day. *_• .c t t» F° r to-day,
J,-^ ting, graceful lines rt> >a en
J^Q —the points that i)^—
t every boy demands. j^^.
MOTHERS APPRE- &W
CIATE THE WEAR
AND' PRICE. ..•¦_• j§. '^fflL
Open Saturday Night Till Ten
' HILL TO MAN . ' ¦
516-518 MARKET ST.m&feW J^%
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A page wouldn't tell all the good news from Male's to-day.
Mothers Should Think of
Little Girls' Dresses
And Hale's to-day -if -they -are thinking of economy.
The styles are new and pretty. The materials are substantial, made
for wear. ¦ ....
Pretty ginghams and percales with as much style and grace as those
new women's suits have. It's their service for school wear, their econ-
omy, that appeals' strongest to-day.
Here's a Dress at 75c
You would never guess the price. It's • a checked percale with" a
| white pique yoke, .collar with large reveres running around the yoke,
'trimmed with white braid, has large bishop sleeves with a deep hem on
a full skirt. Colors are blue and pink. 75c- •
95c — Olrl's dress of » striped percale. .T*™r/-k fVviitc
blouse effect, fancy scalloped 1 VVO A^oaib
shoulder capes, trimmed with em- TVnf •<.!,« tVi*. #»ronnmv of the
broidery Insertion, large bishop That echo tne economy or inc
sleeves, fancy cuffs. 95c. dresses.
$1.25— Girl's dress of glnpham. blue ¦ m \ o .
and oxblood.' Russian blouse ef- *3.Do — GJrls three-quarter coat made
feet; collar, cuffs and belt trimmed of nne all-wool, llsht weight Ker-
wlth braid; large full sleeves, full «ey. double breasted: blue only,
skirt, with wide hem. $1.26. sizes 6 to 14 years. *3.9a.
$1.60 — Girl's sailor suit of chambray; $5.00 — Girl's coat of all-wool, light
blue and * oxblood: large collar weight Kersey. three-quarter
trimmed with fancy braid; neat length, double breasted, circular
white four-ln-hand tie: fancy V- cape from shoulders, trimmed with
shaped vest; large full sleeves. velvet and self material; loose box
$1.50. ' : - back; blue only. $5.00.
35c Women's 50c Stockings 35c
p< " r 3 Pairs for $1.00 ' Palr
. They're* those gauze lisle stockings women like so well,
dyed a deep Hermsdorf black ; full fashioned, with double soles,
heels and toes, sizes 8 to 10. Unusual at 50c. How much more
unusual to-day at 35c. Or we'll sell you three pairs for $1.00.
25c — Stockings for "women;" the new 20c — Lace stockings for girls; worth
thin gauze lisle ones; fast black; 25c: fast black: 'full fashioned;
¦ full fashioned; double soles, heels allover lace hose: double soles.
and toes;. sizes 8 to 10. 25c pair. heels and toes; assorted patterns;
29c — Stockings for women. It's an sizes 6 to 8%. 20c pair.
Imported . lace stocking, fine qua!- - . ~ •
Ity Hermsdorf black; full fash- 12%c — Stockings for baby;' a fine
Ion ed; zigzag openwork patterns ribbed elastic, fast black, cotton
from toe to top; sizes 8. to 10. 29c stocking: smooth lisle finish; sizes
pair. ; ' . • ' ; 4 to 6. 12%c pair.
Saturday Candy Lisle Gloves 35c Pair
French Mixed at 250 lb. Regular 50c Gloves.
' Splendid ' chocolates and bon News of intense interest to
bons, sweet' and pure as can be; women; 2 clasp filet lisle with a
made by hand, made especially for mesh back of filet embroidery;
Hale's and for ; an extra to-day, swell colors in gray, mode; biscuit,
25c lb. It's fine candy for over black and white. Sizes 5 to 7. 35c
Sunday. a pair this morning.
Glace fruit 45c box. In one of those 75c pa ir— Silk and lisle gloves, pearl. •
burnt. woodV boxes with California two-clasp; they fit like kid: that's
missions. The box is worth sav- a strong point. It's unusual of
ing as a souvenir. 45c box. fabric gloves: most every shade;
Easter rabbits .for candy, boxes are rn 8lz f s 8 - \ Repair,
coming In; Happy Hooligan. Gloomy 50c pair— Lisle gloves; one or two
Gus. Gaston and Alphonse are here all clasp; well-made; ln gray, mode,
ready to be filled up. 10c to 25c black and white.
Then, there are little chickens and .
ducks. Come and pick yours out now. Those Amsterdam double - tipped
We'll keep It for you. gloves; fit like kid gloves: two or
— — — — three clasp: with embroidered
NOW Men! backs; from 50c to $1.50.
Fancy Shirts 37^C Electric Scalp Treatment—
It s unusual. Expect the unusual _ „ * TT .
at Hale's. If they were not we Cures Falling Hair.
wouldn't tell you about them. Hale's Hair-drcssinz Parlors.
They're made of good percale, with *
separate cuffs; all sizes, 14 to 17. — — _
They're stiff-bosom shirts, ln popular 1ST ¦ AST -"27
patterns. . Some have been soiled from V&Sj^l^^Sy ..., /&/ *m »
handling. Men should buy them by Jir^ /Sl^ <&*Q < *S5*
threes and fours to-day. 37 %c jfgy /gy .gwjjy <6y<ggg^^&igg > '
M better kid skin in any glove --^Zg?<**> ooos^^
than you will find in the Jouvin. Market Street, Near Sixth.
HADE'S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IMLLE'S.
MARKS BROS.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
The "Peewee" Derby.
THE EXTREME SFR1N6 BLOCK.
The grreatest hat novelty ever In-
troduced. Produced by us simultane-
ously with New York. The Craze of
Broadway.
PRIGE $2 JO
To be had only at
LUNDSTROM'S
1458 Market Street
Opp. Central Theater.
And 605 Xearny Street.
PACIFIC COAST HAT WOSSS.
MAKERS.
SATUaDAT— MOaDAT — TUESDAY.
BUTTER, choice table. 3 sqs. $1.00
EGGS, best selected doz .20
WALNUTS, extra large, rcg.
20c lb 15
CREAM, Jersey brand. 3 cans .2.%
CORN, sweet, tender can .10
SALMON BELLIES, large..
.. 6 for .23
MACKEREL, large ones.each .ID
CODFISH, best Eastern. 3 lbs .2.-J
CASTILE SOAP, Virgin. bar .23
CHEESE, Eastern Cream...
*>)•*• • 2 lbs. .35
C. 0. D. GROCERY CO. inc.
JOHN ROBINSON. President
313 OTarrclI St., Near Mason
Telephone roliom 316.
H A CLUETT COLLAR I
fa ®U*RTtR EACH, QUARTER SIZES S
ll_ WI!IM ° f CLUtTT M0 1CHARCM tHIRTI fy
AJw«y».Reaxcjnber the Fnll Ji»vx9
a active QT^maa
Cures a Cold In One Day, Crip in 2 Da)V
1 v?. S^/Cyr&m** *& 2Zk