PattJ Cancels Her Engagement*.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. March 9.—Ade
lina Patti announces that she will leave
immediately for New York to take a
steamer for England. She says she
has canceled all her engagements.
Congressman Croft Is III
WASHINGTON, March 9.—Congress
man Geroge W. Croft of South Carolina
Is critically ill at his home here, and
hope of his recovery has been aban
doned. ' .
BERLIN. March 9. — The Bundes
mth to-day assented to the bill passed
by the Reichstag repealing the anti-
Jesuit paragraph of the law of July
4, 1872, prohibiting the Jesuits from
settling in Germany.
The decision of the Bundesrath to
accept the Reichstag resolution de
stroys the last fragment of the late
Prince Bismarck's war with the clergy
and gives Catholics an equal position
before the law with Protestants.
Resolution Repealing the Anti-
Jesuit Laws.
Bundesrath Agrees lo tbe Reichstag
CATHOLICS RECOGNIZED •
AGAIN IX GERMANY
A high official of the Ministry of Marine has informed the Matin that
there has been -no betrayal of French naval secrets. The. facts 'which gave
rise to the story are aa follows: A certain non-commissioned officer was
placed under arrest charged with serious neglect of duty. As he was re
ported to have associated with suspicious an investigation was
made and it was ascertained that. he had indulged in clandestine .betting.
The Figaro this morning gives prominence to the. recital of an alleged
attempt to sell French naval secrets to Japan. v . According.- to the Figaro
Btory, a certain non-commissioned officer has been arrested, and the paper
alleges that a woman also is concerned. It adds that one important
document is missing.
The Figaro publishes a dispatch from St. Petersburg, saying that Gen
eral Kuropatkin will leave Moscow for the Far East on Sunday evening.
He will travel on an ordinary express train as far as Irkutsk, but from
there he will go in a special. His final destination is kept secret, as it is
connected with mobolization plans.
PARIS, March 10.— The St. Petersburg correspondent of the Journal
telegraphs that it is affirmed that the Grand Duchess Olga, sister of the
Czar, is going out to Manchuria to act as superintendent of the Red Cross
work. : .
LONDON, March 10.— All Europe is anxiously awaiting news of the naval
engagement which reports from Tokio declare has already occurred in the sea
of Japan between the division commanded by Admira^ Uriu and the Russian
Vladivostok squadron. A variety of rumors regarding the fate of the Russian
cruisers came from different sources yesterday, but none of them was au
thenticated. ' One was to the effect that the Russian ships had been seen far
to the southward of Possiet Bay and were believed to be tempting a dash
around the southern coast of Korea to effect a juncture with the fleet in the
harbor at Port Arthur. This is scarcely regarded as probable, although re
cent activity on the Port Arthur ship3 has led to the belief that some sortie
was being planned, such as in all likelihood would be necessary to assist in
the attempt of the Vladivostok squadron to reach Port Arthur. *
Tokio is firmly of the belief that Admiral Uriu has already destroyed the
Russian ships. The Japanese commander has orders to put in at Wusan and
report upon the. outcome of his mission as soon as the enemy's squadron has
been taken care of. ¦ .
Under date of March 9 a correspondent of the Times at Tokio says the
Russian advance south of Possiet Bay continues.'
During the discussion of the army estimates in the House of Com
mons last night Premier Balfour said that so long as the army home de
fenses were maintained in an adequate condition any invasion of this coun
try by an organized force capable. of reducing it to submission was merely
a dream. But no man could blind himself to the fact that circumstances
in the Far East were making Great Britain a great continental power and
these circumstances must be taken into account in i framing, the British
army estimates. (
ST. PETERSBURG. March 10.-D!rect advices from Vladivostok last
night made no mention of a naval engagement. ', ¦
Special Dispatch to The Cnll.
Fate of Czar's Vladivostok
Squadron Is Still
¦ - • T\ 1 M '
in ljohol.
CONFIDENCE .-.. •
OF JAPANESE
IS SUPREME
LONDON, March 10.— The
Times this morning publishes
what it. terms, a. remarkable in
stance of Japanese confidence.'
Tlio Japanese have arranged for
the dispatch of coal from Eng
land to Port Arthur or Vladi
vostok, and the steamships tak
ing It are to call at Singapore
for definite orders. The coal is
explicitly*warranted to be Jap
anese iiropcrty.
PARIS, March 10.— The Jour
nal this ' morning \ publishes an
Interview sent in by its corre
spondent at Nice with General
Baron Zaltomelsky, commander
of the Seventh Army Corps of
Russia, stationed in the Crimea.
The correspondent expressed
surprise at the general's absence
from Russia at time of. war,
whereupon the general declared
that the war in the Far East
had little effect upon the life
and duties of. a majority of the
men in j the Russian army- and
that Russia had not reduced
her f orces on the ' German and
Austrian frontiers. He express
ed the belie r that the war would
not last long and said that Gen
eral Kuropatkin had been op
posed to the war,- but had fore
seen that it was inevitable.
SCENE OF THE PATRIOTIC DEMONSTRATION IN ST. PETERSBURG UPON THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE OUTBREAK OF WAR IN THE ORIENT.
Mikado's Troops Cross the
Yalu River and Capture
Muscovite Post.
Special Cablegram to The Call and Xcw York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by
the Xcw York Herald Publishing Company.
Special IMspatch to Th» Call.
Lloyd stated that McGeoghegan has
dented right along that there was any
thing wrong in his accounts, and this
SAN JOSE, 'March 9,-rCity Treasurer
Thomas J. McGeoghegan is short more
than $7000 in his accounts with the
city and he is in the custody of a
Pinkerton detective, practically a prls
•oner. ..The money Is believed to have
¦be«ni.JaH5n-.irpin r the ..city tunds* be
tween January 15 and January 31. This
is the statement given out by the rep
resentatives of the surety coriipanies
on his bond for J100.000. The past two
days there have been all sorts of ru
mors afloat in regard to the shortage
in McGeoghegan's office. It was placed
as high as $10,000 and upon the other
hand McGeoghegan and hi3 friends de
clare it all was right and that no mon
ey was missing. Wine, women and
gambling are said to be responsible
for the defalcation.
About the first of this month a report
of McGeoghegan's actions reached the
offices of the surety companies on his
bond and a week ago J. H. Robertson,
general agent of the United States Fi
delity and Guaranty Company at San
Francisco, and F. B. Lloyd, general
agent of the American Bonding Com
pany of Baltimore, came to this city
to investigate his accounts. Each com
pany is on his bond for $50,000. The
books and accounts of the office were
found in a bad shape. Accounts were
entangled and the books had not been
posted since February 1. Since then
the two men have been at work upon
the books. Thts evening they an
nounced they had found a shortage of
more than $7000.
Charles J. Keane and Charles J.
Lightston are exporting the books for
Mayor Worswick and it is expected
they will have a report ready to-mor
row.
ACCOUNTS *ARE 3ITDDLED.
In an interview this evening Lloyd
said:
"Our attention was called to the life
McGeoghegan was leading and th* bad
condition of the books in his office. We
find that he is short more than $7000.
From our examination we think the en
tire sum was taken, between the 15th
and 31st of January. It was taken from
the money collected for municipal
licenses, and the accounts of the office
on February 1, that is for the month
of January, were falsified to hide the
shortage. McGeoghegan had collected
during January for 183 licenses on slot
machines at $20 each. $3260, and for
eighty-two saloon licenses at $85 each.
$5330. These two lots of licenses mad.'
a total of $8590 collected. On February
1 McGeoghegan reported that he had
only collected $32S0 on these two classes
of licenses. Here a deficit of $3310 was
found. The rest of the money taken- Is
from other municipal licenses. We find
the handwritings of three different per
sons on his books since January 1- Wil
liam Taaffe. a relative, arid a man
named Bailey has been in the office
with him. There are no deputies al
lowed the City Treasurer and whatever
work they did McGeoghegan had to pay
for out of his own pocket.
"Since January 31 McGeoghegan has
not kept his books posted. On January
1 everything was straight In his office,
that is, his accounts and cash balanced,
and if anything had been crooked it
would have been necessary, to bring in
some cash to cover It. What is per
plexing In the case is that all this
money should be taken in two weeks.
We can learn nothing around town
where he has spent money so freely aa
to get away with .this amount."
EXPECTED TO BE ARRESTED. *
TIENTSIN, March 9. — The Japanese forces have advanced from the
Yalu River. They have captured Fungwangcheng and have driven out the
Russians In the vicinity to Fenshuling, the eastern pass, and are In force
seventy miles to the east of -Newchwang. The Russians are strongly in
trenched at Liaoyang- and Haichen, /where a battle is imminent. Some
small engagements have been fought, the Russians falling back with loss.
All of the women and children are leaving Newchwang.
The Japanese are using the same tactics' and' are advancing on the
same route as was employed during their war with China.
YINKOW, March 9.— It is reported that the Japanese have repulsed
the '"Russians at Fungwangcheng. __
Four 4-lnch siege guns were brought by rail to Newchwang to-day and
placed, in the fort at the river mouth. Two. heavy guns are at the Rus
sian railway station. v : *'^;'
The ; British and American Consuls advise the immediate departure of
¦women and children from 'Newchwang, saying the gunboats of their re
spective countries will leave at the earliest opportunity and will not be re
placed. -"¦ ..
LONDON, March 10.— A dispatch to the Times from Weihaiwel, dated
March 9, says: "It is reported on good authority that a collision between
Japanese and Russian troops, has occurred near Haiju, Korea, fifty-four
miles northwest of Chemulpo, which resulted in the defeat of the Rus
sians." ; . . . ...¦• ,
WASHINGTON, March 9.— Reports have reached. Commander Sawyer
of the United States steamship Helena at Ylnkow that the Japanese and
Russians fought at Fungwangcheng, which is forty-five miles northwest of
Antuhg. Commander Sawyer, In a cablegram to the Navy Department,
supplements this news with the statement that Japanese troops have been
landed at Tashan, which is supposed to mean Takushan, a fairly good port,
about forty miles from the mouth of thfl Yalu.
No. details have been received here about any of these engagements
or movements of troops. The Japanese, legation is unadvised of the latest
development of the situation. ..". ,
Fungwangchehg is, however, less .than. 100 mile's from the Port Ar
thur branch of the Russian railway, and the fact .that the Japanese are
thus far. advanced across the. Yalu River leads many persons here to be
lieve that the Japanese '; endeavor is to flank the Russian force, which Is pre
sumably concentrated toward . Port Arthur.
¦ A fairly- good' road runs from Fungw-angcheng' to" Haichen./on the rail
road. If the Japanese were successful at Fungwangcheng they possess a
great advantage iii the control of this road. It is assumed -that the Jap
anese force at Fungwangcheng; must have landed at the mouth of the
Yaiu.and west of this, inasmuch as. the Japanese force already In Northern
Korea is reported not. to have pressed the; Russians back farther than the
country north of Plngyang. • • BHfiSBSSKS!
'Military ' men here are doubtful, however, if .the movements. reported at
Fungwangcheng, are much -more than; an: advance "guard fight. The Man-
Continued on Page 3, Column •*
Word of the predicament of Johnson
and McKay was sent to Nevills, and
he sent two guards, armed with re
peating shotguns, to protect the men.
McKay and Johnson were escorted to
the mine and are there yet. The mine
ts gruarded night and day by Nevills 1
men, who are heavily armed.
The strikers then returned to town,
went to the home of Charles Johnson,
an employe in the Rawhide mine, and
threatened to kill him if he did not
pet out of town. He was struck in
th*> face and knocked down, but he
managed to escape and find shelter in
the home of a Jamestown storekeeper.
The strikers, it is said, next attacked
Arthur McKay, who was walkingr along
the street and who was suspected of
being in Nevills' employ. They de
manded to know his business in James
town, and told him that if they were
cure he intended to go to work at the
Rawhide mine they would ride him out
of town on a rail. He finally escaped
and was given protection by the same
man who had taken Johnson into his
home.
STOCKTON, March 9.— The striking
miners at Jamestown attacked Captain
Nevills. the owner of the Rawhide and
App mines, and a party of strike break
ers at the Jamestown depot last Sun
cay and a ttriou riot occurred, says
a letter received here to-day from
JameFtc^vn^J¦he^«tcI^^^tg§ iS ih^ l ,i^a
ttflkers have tefronzed*the town, de
tpite the injunction from the Federal
court served on them last week, and
that they have so frightened the cor
respondents of the press in Jamestown
that the latter are afraid to send .vut
any news of the strikers' doings.
Captain Nevills, accompanied by As
tjsuint Superintendent Burk of the
Rawhide mine; James Hammond,
George Westenhamer and about twen
ty non-union men who were going to
work in the Rawhide mine, arrived on
the train Sunday and were met at the
depot by about 200 strikers. The mob,
it is said, attacked Nevills and struck
him with some missile before his six
guards, armed with repeating shotguns,
could surround him and drive back his
assailants. During the melee one of
the strikers was struck on the head
with the barrel of a revolver and was
seriously injured.
Nevills, Hammond, Burk and 'West
enhamer drew their revolvers and as
sisted in holding the strikers at bay
while the non-union men got into wag
ons that had been sent for them. Dur
ing all this time the strikers were curs
ing Neviils and his strike breakers.
The mo-b followed almost to the mine.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Thomas J. McGeoghegan Is in th
Custody of a Detective Pending
Result of Investigation.
Captain Kevills, Owner of the Rawhide
Property, Is Struck With Missile
Daring the Melee.
Armed Guards Drive Back
the Mod and Rescue
Strike Breakers.
More Than $7000 Missing
From Strong Box of
the City.
Miners Make Attack
on Party of Non
union Men.
San Jose Treasurer
Is Said to Be a
Defaulter.
SHORTAGE
IS FOUND
IN FUNDS
STRIKERS
TERRORIZE
JAMESTOWN
DALNY AND PORT ARTHUR BOMBARDED BY WARSHIPS
ZONDON, March 10. — The following dispatch was received from Tokio yesterday afternoon: "Japanese warships bombarded the forts at Dalny on the night of March 8 and then attacked
Port Arthur." No further details were received^ nor has. news come of the expected naval battle between Admiral Uriu's division and the Russian Vladivostok squadron, which is
believed in Tokio io have already occurred! The most startling news of yesterday was that Japanese troops have appeared west of the Yalu River and routed ! the Russians on Manchunan soil.
JAPANESE ROUT RUSSIANS ON SOIL OF MANCHURIA
Continued on Page 5. Columns 5 and 6.
Continued on ' Page 5, Columns 2 - and 3.
Captain Rivers, .commander., of . the
American ship .'A*. G." Ropes, yesterday,
cabled the news\ of his?arrival at Yo
kohama from*' New York.* The Ropes
spent five ' days * outside [ the 'Japanese
port waiting,f or^ a '.PjioC.being f unable
to go in unguided ' on '¦ account ; of -the
mines in 'the>harbor.\ * Duriiis . her
wait . outside V five ' shots 5 ? were i ¦,_• flred
across i the ship's • bows - from -the Jap
anese: forts. '.
JAPANESE FORTS' /
SEND SHOTS ACROSS
VESSEL'S BOWS
TT*^ WSATEEB.
Forecast made at Baa Fran
cisco for thirty boors ending;
midnirnt, March 10:
San Francisco and vicinity —
Kaln Thursday, brisk to hlfh
southerly winds.
a. o. Me Ann;.
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.
TBS THXAT323LS*
Alcazar— "At tfe* WUtt Xors*
Tavtra."
Califoml*— "The ChUt Jostle*."
Cantral— "Rip Van Wtaile."
Columbia— "Tie Silver Slipper."
Chuto« — Vaodrrlll*.
Piicber'i — "THe Bounders."
Orphemn— Vaudeville. lKattae*
T o-Day.
Tirol! — Th« Gypsy Baron."
VOLUME XCV— NO. 101.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, " MARCH 10, 1904.NEW YORK. March 0. 1 — About »0O em
ployes of the Manhattan Elevated "Railroad
pystera have ; been . notified of -en . Increase ; in
wages. They .. comprise towerrhen, .-, hand
switchmen, < porters ¦ and trackmen." An advanc*
was recently granted to the guards, .who, .for
a time, talked of a strike.
NEW YORK, March 9.— The report
that Mrs. Florence Maybrick, recently
pardoned by" the British Government,
arrived x here yesterday on the steam
ship Kaiser Wllhelm II was* denied
to-day by Attorney Decker, counsel for
Mrs^ Maybrick, in the litigation going
on ". about .". her ; property. , Mr. Decker
said : ; "Mrs. Maybrick's present , plans
are to arrive' here in, July.""
Mrs. Maybrick Not Yet Due.
ALBANY. K. >'.. Marrh 8.— r>r. Andrew
I>rap*T. jirreident of the t'nfierslty of Illinois.
ntt fcnnarllv «l»rt^«l Comtnls*ion^r of.JMuca-'
tloa by the Legislature to-day. ratifylp.g the;
action of 1*10 Rpr/ubll^an caucus la*f night.
Thf term ia for *ix ypar*. -, ¦' ' . i
BQONE, Iowa, March 9. — Mrs. Sher- !
man. Dye, accused of sending a box of
.poisoned candy through the mails to
Miss Rena Nelson of Pierre, S. D., was
released from custody to-day, Judge
Whitaker framing his decision in the
habeas .corpus proceedings in accord
ance with '- the decision of Governor
Cummins In the requisition matter.
Mrs. 'Dye will not be molested so long
as she remains outside the State v of
South Dakota, although the death' of
Miss. Nelson makes the charge there
that of murder.
Upon her release Mrs. Dye stated
she was very desirous of having her
self cleared .of the charge* and inti
mated that she might go to South Da
kota to "stand. trjal;
Poisoning, Case in South Dakota
;'/¦> Receives Setback by Legal
Obstacle.
MRS.. DYE RELEASED
OX HABEAS CORPUS
Postmasters Connnisslonedi
WASHINGTON. March 9.—Post
masters commissioned: California-
Flora Hardoe. Huasnn. Washington —
James Florance. Cloverdale.
Changes, fourth-class postmasters:
Oregon — Warren, Columbia County,
Mary H. Collar, vice Dersie Smalley,
resigned. t
Dr. S. L. Rae has been appointed
pension examining surgeon at U.kiah.
WASHINGTON. March 9.— Secretary
Taft, ' accompanied 'by Colonel C. E.
Edwards) chief of the Bureau of In
sular Affairs, left Washington to-dny
for New . York, where to-morrow they
will, confer with various persons in
terested in tho construction of Philip
pine railroads. ; ;*/_¦-.;
To ft Goes to. New York.
President Roosevelt Makes Several
Changes in Ap|K>fntments of
Renrpseniatives.' ..%•¦ i,
WASHINGTON. March 9.— The Pres
ident hap directed the transfer of John
Barrett (Minister to the Argentine Re
public).^ to be Minister at Panama.
W. W. Ru*Fell, at present Charge at
Panama, has been made Minister.' to
Colombia, and Arthur W. Reaupre.
now Minister to Colombia, has b<=en
made Minister to Argentina to suc
ceed Minister Barrett.
The President to-day sent the nom
inations to the Senate.
Also that of James H. Monteath,
agent for the Indians at the Blackfoot
Agency, Montana.
JOHN BARRETT WII.L DE
MINISTER TO PANAMA
Marlborough Denies Viceroy Story.
' LONDON. March 9.— The Duke of
Marlborough at the West India Com
mittee rooms has taken occasion to
state there ' is no foundation for the
report that he Is to succeed the Earl
of Dudley as Viceroy of Ireland.
providing for a joint building for the
use of the State Department, the De
partment of Commerce and Labor and
the Department of Justice was made
the unfinished business.
The Senate then, at 4:05 p. m.,.went
into executive session and at 5:40 p. m.
adjourned.
MUSICIANS IX THE ARMY
BANDS TO IJE BARKED
Union Decides That Members May
Serve Out Enlixtment Period,
but No Longer.
NEW YORK. March 9. — The Musi
cal Mutual Protective Union has
adopted an amendment to its constitu
tion fixing the status of union mem
bers Who are attached to army and
navy. bands. It was nt flrst proposed
to expel them summarily, but the
amendment "was adopted in modified
form which allows all enlisted mem
bers of army and navy bands who are
in the union to remain until the terms
of their enlistment expire. If they
re-enlist, however, they are to be ex
pelled. No new members are to be
elected from such bands.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. Blind. Bleecing or Protruding Piles.
Ycur druggist wiU refund money If Pazo
Ointment fail« t«i rui» vr,u in 6 to 14 days. Mz*
PARIS, March 9.— Owing to the re
ports of a hitch in the Panama canal
negotiations, Embassador Porter in
vited President Bo to call at the em
bassy, where they held a conference
to-day. M. Bo maintained that there
is not the slightest obstacle to the
completion of the transfer of *- the
canal company's property to the Unit
ed States. M. Bo particularly empha
sized " the need for concluding the
transfer before April 25, saying that
every formality, legal and otherwise,
would be effected before that date.
Government influence la decldedlv fa
vorable to winding up the transfer
and will not encourage new pretests
or obstacles.
Company in Paris Denies That There
Is Any Obstacle to the
Negotiations.
SAYS CANAL MAY BE
TRANSFERRED- AT ONCE
BERLIN, March 9.— The funeral of
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee at
Hanover to-day was an imposing mili
tary pageant. Before the hearse, which
was drawn by four horses," walked sev
eral arniy chaplains and then came
Lieutenant von Planitz of the staff,
bearing the deceased field marshal's
baton on a cushion; Colonel von Hey
den-Linden, with, the insignia of the
Order of the Black Eagle, and four oth
er officers, carrying the field marshal's
'other decorations on crimson velvet
cushions,. Led behind the hearse was
Von Waldersee's. favorite horse. Next,
alone, walked the Crown Prince Fred
erick William, followed j by Princes
Henry and Albrecht, Duke Ernest Gun
ther c-f SchIeswis r Holstein, five com
manding generals, the chief of the gen
eral staff and a great company of offl
,cer». representing the sovereigns of the
"G<MFS&ifc'Slates, and' deputations from
sixty regiments.'' - ¦• - . *•
Members of Royal Family and Dis
tinguished Friends Follow Re
mains to" t the Grave.
THE FUNERAL OF VOX
WALDERSEE IS IMPOSING
'"Provided further, that no appoint
ments or details to grade of assistant
adjutant general with rank of major
shall be "made until the number of
officers of that grade shall be reduced
to. less than ten and thereafter the
numbfr of officers of said grade in" the
consolidated department shall be ten.
"Provided further, that of officers
consolidated as hereinbefore ' provided
the senior in rank, who shall be chief
of the consolidated department and the'
title of whose office, is hereby changed
to that of Military Secretary, ., .shall
hereafter have the rank of major gen
eral, and the second senior of said of-,
fleers shall hereafter have the. rank of
brigadier general. Except as herein
after provided, the remaining offices
of the consolidated department shall
retain the titles that they now bear.
"Provided further, that when the of
fice of adjutant general shall become
vacant, the vacancy so created on the
nctive list pf the army shall not be
filled and thereafter the several offi
cers inpw designated by the title of
assistant Adjutant general and by the
title of assistant chief record and
pension officer shall be designated by
the title of adjutant general."
"Provided, that the . officers of said
consolidated department shall be sub
ject to the chief of state in all matters
pertaining to command, discipline, or
administration of existing military es
tablishment. -. -¦ .... - ; .
. WASHINGTON, March 9.— Following
is the text of the amendment to the
army appropriation bill under which
the adjutant general's department
and the Record and Pension office are
consolidated under the name of Mili
tary Secretaries Department and Col
onel Hall is given the rank of briga
dier general, and* ¦ General Ainsworth
the rank of major general.
The amendment reads: "That the
officers of the adjutant general's de
partment, except the adjutant gener
al, and officers of the Record and Pen
sion offlce, shall hereafter constitute
one department of the army, to be
known as the Military Secretaries De
partment, and the adjutant general's
office and the 'Record and Pension of
fice, heretofore constituting: bureaus of
the War Department, "shall hereafter
constitute the "adjutant general's sec
tion, and the record and pension sec
tion of the consolidated bureau to be
known as the Military Secretary's of
fice of the War Department. The of
ficers so consolidated shall be borne
on one list in the order of rank held
by them, and those who. hold perma
nent appointments as officers of the ad
jutant general's department or of the
Record or Pension offices shall be en
titled to promotion below the grade of
brigadier general as now provided by
law and in order of their standing on
said list. Except as otherwise provid
ed herein, the laws now in force shall
continue to* govern appointments, pro
motion and detail of all officers of the
consolidated department hereby cre
ated :
fpecial Dispatch to The Call
This question was dropped and Gor
man criticized the growth of army ap
propriations within the past few years.
A joint resolution of the House was
passed authorizing the Secretary of the
Interior to use $5000 of the amount
appropriated to . place allottees of
Creek and Cherokee lands In unre
stricted possession of such lands.
The Philippine shipping bill was
taken up and Culberson and Patterson
opposed it.
Patterson's substitute of a tonnage
tax bill in the interest of American
vessels was voted down and the bill
was amended at Lodge's instance so
as to provide for the continuation in
operation of the navigation laws in re
gard to vessels arriving in the Philip
pines from the United SU.tes. The bill
was then passed.
The conference report on the legis
lative, executive* and judicial appro
priation bill- was agreed to and the bill
Bacon a!ao contended that no au
thority, short of Congress with pro
priety could assign a site in the na
tional capital for statues.
Lodge called attention to the fact
that the ground on which the statue
to Frederick the Great was to be
erected was p. military reservation.
Bacon replied that Congress had
especial control of all public grounds
in the District of Columbia.. ..,, - .^.
"What I protest against," he satdi*
"is the idea of making this country
the' dumping ground for statues of
man who, while heroes in their own
country, stand for ideals totally differ
ent from our own." ;Vl. i.
He said he would be glad if tho Em
peror would send the statue of another
German. ¦ •
Stewart said that Frederick's char
acter had been "grossly misrepre
sented. He was a most remarkable
man," the Senator went on, "and mil
lions of people in this country revere
his memory almost as much as we
revere the memory of our own Wash
ington. It would be ungracious not to
accept the statue; we should not raise
any delicate points about his political
beliefs."
IMPORTANT BILLS PASSED.
"These qualities," continued Bacon,
"give Frederick his rank in history,
but it is inconsistent with the traditiona
and hopes of the people of 'the United
States that there should be erected
here a monument to the memory ¦ of
the man who perhaps. to a greater ex
tent than any other man of modern
times was a type of absolutism."
BACOX EXTEKS PROTEST.
Bacon added some observations rela
tive to -the acceptance of the statue,
prefacing^his statement with the ex
planation that he meant no' affront In
what. he- might, say either, to the.Presi
dent or the : Emperor of the German
people. He would be pleased to see
statues of many Germans erected in
the capital of the United States, men
distinguished In science or the arts,
such as Goethe or Wagner, for in
stance. "But," he went on, "I do not
believe that the erection of a statue
of Frederick the Great in this city is
in accord with the wishes of the peo
ple o! "the United States." He was
sure, at any rate, that many felt that
way r and he was one of them. He said
there is no single thing connected with
the history of Frederick that would
make him an ideal for the people of
the United States except his courage
and devotion to his people, which all
must admire.
WASHINGTON,- March :9.-^During
consideration of the army appropria
tion bill ; 'in the Senate to-'day Ba'con
protested against the acceptance of the
statue "of 'Frederick the Great of Ger
many, .tendered by Emperor 'William,
on the ground. that the former German
JClng was not in sympathy with
American Institutions. ' Steward -de
fended Frederick -against what ..he
characterized as Bacon's .gross mis
representations. The army appropria
tion bill was passed. ,.\-
The news w&3 a severe shock to the
Baroness. - Her first decision was to
leave on the evening train for the Pa
cific Coast,' but she has been ill for sev
eral days, an'd at the urgent wish of
her family probably will not attempt
the trip. Miss Ivy Langham, whose en
gagement to Lieutenant Commander de
Faramond. naval attache of the French
embassy, has Just been announced, is
spending the winter here with her sis
ter. The Embassador is unable to leave
his post here, and has asked Arthur
Langham to come to Washington to
consult about arrangements for the
funeral.
WASHINGTON; -March 9.— Baroness
Speck von Sternberg, wife of the Ger
man Embassador, received a brief dis
patch to-day from her uncle, Arthur
Langham of Louisville, announcing the
death of 'her father, Charles Ward
Langham, on hi3^ estate in "Southern
California.
• The Gentian Embassador at once
cabled .the news to Mrs. Langham and
her second daughter, Miss Violet Lang
ham, who are spending the winter in
Southern Italy.
A board of pension examining sur-
C«?ons has been established at Ukiah
on recommendation of Senators Per
kins and Bard. Drs. William Tuvore
and A. K. -Diekenson have been ap
pointed members of the board.
Lemont J. Grant has been commis
sioned postmaster at Terminal. Cal.
Bpteci^l orders. War Department — •
The " following named enlisted men
now in~"thi3 cfty. having performed
the duties assigned to them, are or
dered to return to their proper sta
tions: Sergeant Fitz W. Doriohoe,
hospital corps. Presidio, with perm's-
Fion -i(> -delay ¦'¦ thirty days' en route;
Privifes. first ' class, Wilhelm Kauf
man n and A*cloli>h Xelson. army gen
eral fi6Sp!tal, Presidio, with permis
sion • to" "delay thirty days en route;
Private, first ckiss, Edgar A. Graevell,
hospital corps; Presidio, with permis
sion trr delar *ix\y days en route; Ser
peant Samuel J. Koon. hospital corps,
Pr'-sidie, with permission to delay
ninety days en route;. Private, first
class, Wiliiam Ebbing, hospital corps.
Fort Mason, will be sent to Fort Mon
roe. Va.; Private Amers T. Harrell,
Company B, Ninth Infantry. United
St^«»s Legation Guard. Peking, China,
upon arrival at the Prepidio of San
Francisco will be discharged without
honor from the army for the good of
the service by the commanding officer
of that post; Sergeant Algernon Vnn
Aller, Hospital Corps. Fort Snelling.
Minn., will s»e sent to Fort McDowell,
the commanding officer will send him
to Manila on the Government trans
port sailing from San Francisco on or
about April 1. 1904.
Orders to the United States navy —
Midshipmen F. G. Coburn, C. A. Rich
ards. E. B. Sherman and H. A. Stuart,
to the receiving ship Independence,
navy yard. Mare Island, for tem
porary duty, thence to Asiatic station,
via the Solace.
That meeting was held last evening
st Senator Bard's committee-room and
the .movement toward harmony was
brought to- a sudden halt. Senator Per
kins said he had given his consent to
the proposition made by Senator Bard
under a misapprehension; he said there
was no occasion at this time for en
tcriry? into -my sach iron-clad compact,
as there were no nominations to- be
made... and in any event he would wish
to reserve .three or four offices. He
eaid he could not see his way clear to
resigning: the i>atronage at San Fran
cisco to Representatives scattered all
over the State. He* knew the condi
tions, and the men better than any
other man In the delegation, he. said,
and therefore felt that he fhould re
serve the ripht to nominate the candi
dates for office stationed there. As a
result <if this stand the negotiations
of which so much was expected came
to nothing.
WASHINGTON. March 9.— A few
days ago Representative Metcalf sent
to Senator Bard hJs reply to the lat
ter's recent communication touching
upon the getting together of the Cali
fornia delegation in the matter of the
distribution of Federal patronage. Aa
a result of the conference of the Hous •
delegation Congressman Metcalf said in
effect that the reservation made in be
half of the Senators that no candidate
frhould be urged that was objectionable
to a Senator should hold good also witn
regard to members of the House dele
gation; that is to say. no candidate
should be urged that, was objectionable
to a member of the' House. He sug
gested that a meeting should be held
at which the matter could be discussed.
Special Dispatch Ux Tfc» Call.
Oakland Man Claims He En
tered Into -Compact W T hile
Under a Misapprehension
The Branch to Be Desig
nated Under the Heading
of "Military: Secretary"
Announcement Shocks Wife
of the German Embassador,
, Who Is 111 at Her Home
SETS FORTH EEASONS
As.serts That Former German
- Kino- Was Not in Sympathy
• With " Our Institutions
¦' Amid a storm of applause, lasting
for several minutes, j Grosvenor" [of
/ Ohio, who was named in the; report,
said that this was a pretty good sped r
irien of the readiness with which th'e
newspapers of the country ' and thfe
. great body of the people' grasp 'a publi
cation or a statement, and assume evil
> where they might assume good. .. He
! convulsed » the House by* reading : ah
I editorial, Svhich referred to Speaker
I Cannon and Representatives Payne
j and Hill as haying been" taken "¦ "red-
I handed," but speaking : seriously,' he
i said it was in '"accord with the views
.of 95 per cent of the newspapers of the
(country. The report was* a malicious
libel on 191 members of the House and
Senate;.. V , • ' ""'¦; .' .*•.' -•"...¦
"I submit," he said, "that 'the ¦ in
| vestigation which the gentleman from
Indiana has apologized for is an out-
"He undertook, in my, judgjinent,>to
blackmail Congress,.. to silence Con
gress and to silence the country. It is
a species of intimidation," . he con
tinued.
BLACKMAILING CONGRESS.
Moon of Tennessee insisted,.- that
there should be en investigation cov
ering the Postoffice • Department; and
everybody connected with it, adding.;
"and whoever is guilty, whether ; in.
this House or in the department,
should be exposed." - . i
W. W. Kitchen of North Carolina
charged Bristow^ with having de
liberately suppressed 'important; and
material, facts, "facts," he said,,pound
ing his desk, "which could not be over
looked and which were suppressed,- hy
my Judgment, for the purpose of giving
a false impression to the country and
misleading the ; public." Bristow'?
action, he said, "was neither, courage
ous nor honest, but for partisan pur
poses. - : i ';-¦;-.- 1
"It cannot be said with absolute
assurance or accuracy," he continued,
"that there was in no instance any'
violation of any law whatever by any
number of Congress in making any
recommendation, either for increase of
clerk hire allowance or increase of rent
of postoffice buildings." r '..'.; V ''." ¦",-
Overstreot moved that debate con-,
tinue until 4 o'clock to-morrow, which
was agreed to unanimously, ¦'y.j
Overstreet took the floor and said
that whatever may be the truth of the
allegations in the several indictments
against postal officials the mere fact
that the various recommendations of
Representatives in Congress passed
through the hands of men whose con
duct has been severely criticized and
whose liberties have been threatened
imputes neither censurable conduct nor
improper acts on their part.
Replj'ing, Hepburn said:
"There is no member of this House
who desires to screen anybody in this
matter." ;v W-' ' ,
This remark elicited loud applause
from both sides of the House and in
the galleries, which by this time had
filled up to the limit.
MEMBERS GllOW WRATH V. .
Hepburn of Iowa said that any in
vestigation of the ' Postpffice Depart
ment would not" elicit" any facts not
brought out by the committee's re
port'. .
"I say an investigation would elicit
further facts, and that the facts have
been suppressed," retorted William Al
den Smith, amid loud applause from
the floor and the galleries.
As to the Hay resolution Williams
said it- did not touch the question,
adding "somebody at the postoflice has.
spmeh'dw 'Incluued in the report the
name of man after man in the House
of Representatives and Senate guilty of
no apparent wrong, guilty of no viola
tion of law. guilty of no moral obloquy,
guilty of nothing that bears j even the
tinge of criminality*
. . "What was the motive of it? Wasn't
-it to give the Congr^ss'jiotice" that the
department held something over Con
gress, that Congress had better let the
department alone?" he inquired, his
-words foelne drowned by applause from
both side's/
'¦ "Are you going to meet it?" he de
manded. ' ; .
General Bristow.
Williams, the Democratic leader,
urged a complete investigation of th«
whole Postoffice Department and re
ceived the hearty applause of both sides
of the House and the galleries. It soon
was found that the three hours which
had been allotted to the subject would
not be nearly enough to meet the per
sonal explanations which members were
demanding the right to .make,, and a
motion to extend the debate, until 4
o'clock to-morrow was carried.
When the House met the invocation
was delivered by -Rev. J. J. Dolliver,
father of Senator Dolliver. Immedi
ately thereafter W. Bourke Cockran,
who was elected to succeed Mayor M-c^
Clellan from the Twelfth District of
New York, was sworn In.
Overstreet of. Indiana, chairman . of
the Committee on Postoffices and Post
roads, was recognized. He had, he
said, consulted with members on both
sides of the House who desired more
time than three hours, to discuss the
Hay resolution bearing on the Bristow
charge in connection with postal af-_
fairs. He therefore suggested a post
ponement of the consideration of the
resolution until next Monday. x . .
He was applauded at this remark and
continuing said: . . •
"I want to go to the very bottom.
We have. shown our willingness."
DEMANDS INVESTIGATION.
Williams' said he" wanted the corrup
tion in the : Postoffice Department in
vestigated, "not by the friends of the
men who have been guilty of the cor
ruption," but by the House of Represen
tatives. ; *w:** :
WASHINGTON, March 9.— That an
investigation of the Postoffice Depart
ment by the House of Representatives
will result from the publication' of the
report-naming- members of Congress m
that connection was indicated by every
expression possible short of a yote In
that body to-day. With a whirlwind of
protest the report was taken up by in
dignant members, their personal con
nection ""with it explained and epithets
hurled at Fourth Assistant Postmaster
The naval appropriation billy was
eent to conference, the Speaker ap
pointing Messrs. Foss, Dayton and
Meyer conferees on the _part - of the
House and at 5 o'clock the House ad-
Journed. . •„ ; :^M
Thompson of Alabama, also named
in the report, characterized the re
port as infamous and having for Its
object the intimidation of members in
order to keep them from insisting on
their rights.
Robinson of Arkansas demanded an
investigation of the entire Postoffice
Department, "it having to
being unable to conduct its affairs with
a fair degree of seeming propriety."
Cooper of Wisconsin interrupted
Robinson and said' he had been in
formed by an old member of the House
that.General Bristow, "trembling from
illness," told that member, that he
(Bristow) had never seen the report as
it was now printed. "Therefore," said
Cooper, "I think -the abuse of him
ought to stop."
Butler of Pennsylvania, another ac
cused member, said he never before
understood the duties of Representa
tives, but he' now conceived them to
be of "singular and conspicuous inac
tivity." "' He differed, he said, from
General Bristow, and he would defy
any one to close the doors of the de
partment to him. Whoever had as-,
sailed him, he said, was a coward.
Hill Of Connecticut, likewisenie.ntjon
ed 4 in tile Bristow report, 'denieS that he
ha"d done anything improper. He had,
he said, submitted certain questions
to General Bristow, answers to which
had been refused. "I . am going to
vote for a resolution" to investigate
myself and to Investigate the Fourth
Assistant Postmaster General," he said
amid. a round of applause. Holding
up a. copy of the report Hill vehement
ly declared "thut document is the pro
duction of a li:ir and a scoundrel."
BID DEFIANCE TO BRISTOW.
5 Then, showing the effects of his in
dignation, Grosvenor pounded his desk
again and said: .. ...:.....
"I condemn. the man that sent that
into this House. Can any self-respect
ing Congressman ever enter the office
of the man . who will produce- such a
document as that?" , ; , . . ¦ \ t
This report, . he. • added., would rj be
printed abroad and .It would be said
that In the American Congress there
were 191 rascals. If th^Postofflce De
partment had some official whose judg
ment was so dwarfed by the c-pinion of
a Congressman the officials had better
be turned out, he declared!'- The Bris
tow report, he said in conclusion, was
conceived in sin and born in Iniquity,
and had traveled its course" until it
had struck the public of the -^United
States as a great attack on a body of
men "as free from wrongdoing, corrup
tion, crime and irregularity as an equal
number of men on the face of the
earth."
-Lilley of Connecticut, who was
charged in the report with being a
technical violator of the' law in leas
ing a building at Winsted, Conn., to
the Government for po-stoffice purposes,
explained that within twenty-four
hours after his' attention had been
called to the statute in question he
had made personal application at the
Postoffice Department to have the lease
canceled. First . Assistant Postmaster
General Wynne 'had asked him to de
lay the matter that he might take it
up with the law department. He had
been informed by a written opinion
from the department two days later
that his election to Congress did not
invalidate the lease in any way.
"I ' will resign my seat to-morrow,"
he said, pounding his desk, "if there
is anything irregular and' improper in
what I did." . '"¦'¦.:'" "'* 'V.
bristow' isi> scored: ¦
rage and a violation of every principle
of justice."
Prolonged applause followed this
statement. He wanted to ,. know- i. by :
what right the Bristow • report had
been published before the 'action
of any tribunal had 'established -the
truth of it. In order to show what he
termed \'the infinite rascality" of the
Bristow report, -\ Grosvenor explained
the cases in which his name was men
tioned. ¦¦«.-•¦
PLAN FALLS TO GBOUXD
PIKHIOTIOSS PROVIDED
FAMILY :IS IX ITALY
Senator Perkins Withdraws
His Consent to Eater Into
the Patronage Agreement
Father of Baroness von
Stewiberg Passes Away
in Southern California
Ad j utant General's -Depart
went and' Eecord and Pen
sion Office Xre Combined
Opposes Acceptance of the
Statue of Frederick the
Great, Offered l>y Emperor
Indignant Members of the House Demand a Com
plete Investigation Into the Postal Department
of the Government and Hurl -Epithets at Bristow
BARD'S SCHEME
NIPPED IN BUD
SENATOR BAGON
MAKES PROTEST
NEW BUREAU
IS CREATED
DEATH SUDDEN
TO LANGHAM
POSTOFFICE SCANDAL REPORT
STIRS WRATH OF CONGRESSMEN
THE SAN FRANGISGQ GALL, 'THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1904.
2
"FEMALE TROUBLES"
• »*.,. . _____________________ .
n_._:_ TBOtrsAsrss or livtss mis_bab__ abtd vxtkafftt axto abb
THE GBEAT PSOMOTSKS OF DEBILITT. I.CBT HEALTH, OEN-
EBA2. WI__KEB3, BXTBEMB ZTEBVOXrSinBSS, AND PAIN
AITO TOETOIIE INDESCRIBABLE.
THE ELECTRO-CHEMIC TREATMENT, combining electricity properly
applied by expert and thoroughly trained specialists, with the intelligent
. *js<? of appropriate remedies especially prescribed- to meet the require-
ments of each individual case, speedily and permanently cures all forms of fe-
male weakness and the .diseases, derangemente and disorders peculiar to wo-
men. This treatment keeps these poor sufferers off the operating table and
averts the dangers of surgical operations. It Is especially adapted for the
prompt and la* tine cure of all cases characterized by the following symptoms:
Backache, pains la the side, chronic congestion, unnatural suppression and irregulari-
ties, inflammation, ulcerations and dl*t.!aceinents > profuse discharge, bearing; down sensa-
tions, draerslns pales across the hips and loins, cold feet and hands, paleness, nervous-
ness, _r~d.icbe, fickle and variable appetite, nausea. lalntneM. dtzzlnes*, shortness Of
breath, palpitation cf the heart, hot and col. flashes, weak and smothering spells pain,
•oreness _r.d tenderness over the pelvic regions, etc. '
Women who suffer as above and who have been treated, doctored, dosed and
drugged, or who may have undergone surgical operations without relief, will
find in the Elect ro-Chemlc Treatment the sure and certain means of regaining
health and happiness. The treatment 1_ mild and painless and without objec-
tionable features of any kind.
comnrbTATzoH Anro x-bat examination fbee. -¦ -
I ELEGTRO-GHEMIG INSTITUTE,
118 GBAVT ATEHUE, COBXTBB POST STREET. SAN FHAWCI8CO.
The -arrest, finest and Mort T-oroiurfcly Equipped Electrical and Medical
Institute la the Wett . ...
OFFICE HOURS: 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8 p. m. Sundays 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
ADVEBTIBEMENTS.
MUNYON'S
PAW=PAW
GURES
Q. A. Robertson, Mayor of Au-
gusta. Me., Speaks Strongly
for Paw-Paw.
P OR THE PAST YEAR OR MORE I HAVES
¦ been troubled with dyspepsia and indiges-
tion, and can truthfully state that after the
uae of part of one bottle of Paw-Paw I find
my stomach «o much improved that I expect
to become entirely free from this ailment with
the further assistance of your vegetable pep-
sin. Paw- Paw.
(Slcned) G. A. ROBERTSON.
Mayor of Aucusta, Mala*.
If you have dyspepsia. Try It.
If you are nervous. Try It.
If you are despondent. Try it.
If you are weak and run down. Try It.
Caat away all tonics, all medicine* and all
stimulants and let Munyon's Paw-Paw mak»
you well. It will lift you Into the bis- alti-
tude of hope and hold you th«re. It will glva
exhilaration without Intoxication. It 'makrs
old people feel youns and' weak peopl» strong.
Sold by all drusglsts. Large bottle $1. Faw-
Paw Laxative Pills. 23c a bottle.
i^ Ok ©I £5& fr^v
Pk* i r* t in g
AND -
Oc^^v o 1 oping
AT CUT PRICES
There la a distinctly* quality In my
work. I'm thoroughly equipped for Kodak
Developing and Printing, and my prices
are too low to argue about. Her* ir* a,
few figures:
I>EVE_OPTNO .
Roll of 6. lCc; roll of 12. 15c
PRINTING.
Sollo finish. 3c to Be.
Velox finish. 3c to 6c.
I carry in stock all popular sizes of KO-
DAK FILMS for daylight loading at low-
est prices.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 -Zax_«t Street. Above Powell.
San Francisco.
, , . _— .
' • • TWA9C _£Sy—£i3»4 IX4HK
Cross babies become good-
natured babies when fed on
Mellin's Food. Mellin's Food
nourishes and pleases.
Would you like a sample of Mellin'a Pood
to try ? You may have one for the asking.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
if _£S\ S3 a!
"THE CLASS OF FASHION
AND THE MOLD OF FORM"
point the way to this establishment for
laundering "In the mode." We taku
special pains with full-bosom shirts for
; evening wear, the collars and cuffs ac-
; companyir.gr, but nothing In the laun-
dry line escapes our careful supervision,
and that's why thi9 is a dependabte
laundry, year in and year out.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
j 1004 MARKET STREET.
! Telephone South 430.
_^"*X J^\
YjQ Perfect Fitting Aj° *
<y Eyeglasses W
j At Moderate Cost (\
V 642 St
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
catalogue and Price L15U aiailai
on Application.
. TSESa AITS SALT MEATS.
J1S RflYFS & Cfl Shipping Butchers. 103
JAJ» UU1LJ _ Wv> Clay. TeL Main 12W.
OIL3.
LUBPJCATINO OILS: JLEONARD & ELXJSL
418 Front at.. S. K. Phone Mala 1718. ; '•'
F C HITfiHF^. *' prixteb.
C V. ULUUEJt * .. tu Saaaom* st.. A. r.
T>~~R~t-TTS'Fi' lvr F rMfra -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H H THE HOME OF THE COSMOPOLITAN AND THE "TWENTIETH CEN-
H fa ¦ TURY HOME," IUVINGTON. NEW YORK. |
1 1 THE "TWENTIETH CENTURY HOME"
II The New' Periodical
I I "For women who plan their lives and do"
H. y "A magazine so strikingly original, so distinctively in-
M Ej dividual and so uniformly interesting cannot fall to
HP develop a large and appreciative constituency." — Ed-
M a . itor in Chief St. I^ouis Republic. .
fl "-:e :¦ '.'Perfect' in typography, replete with contributions
n a from cminont authors. The Twntlt'th Century Home"
fl H is beautifully harmonious in all Its departments." —
Eg H Editor. Albany rress-Knickerbocker-Express. -* h
I | "An impressive an "important triumph. In both its
§3 y literary and artistic features it ia of a very high de- g
m B greo of excellence." — Editor in Chief Philadelphia
Id) ij Public Ledger.
ej II "It is for women of the twentieth century, who plan
a gj their lives and do, who know and understand, and B
flU !t *N stand abreast with mankind In the affairs of the world. R
|| "It deals^with the affairs of the household, g
H h but in a scientific spirit; with, dress, but not |j
I 1 with the gush and breathless admiration of |j |
@ .the average woman's ma gz.zvnt?— -New York |o t,
|| ¦'- ; ¦ ', , M ail and Express. . ; . . g |
§ I PRICE, 10 CENTS 1
Hi THE "TWENTIETH CENTURY HOME" COMPANY. Irvlniton, N. Y. g
I JOHN,BRISBEN WALKER. Pres't. JAMES RANDOI>PHWALKER. Editor. Jg
ft ¦ -* ''^-?^?^^^__J^^__—___^_^—?-^— _______________________ !______! QSmU y^^^^Si' Politeness is like charity; it . may
cover [ a multitude of sins of personal
defects./ ' ¦', [¦"*.
The first electric railway was that of
Siemens, at Berlin, in" 1 1879."
• ."At \ the. request of Attorney Tayler
for the prosecution. the committee'. went
into executive session and the testi
mony in the Teasdale divorce case was
read. .The committee adjourned until
to-morrow. - .
Alma Merrill, first councilor to the
Benson stake; said he had two wives,
one of whom he'married In 1S85 and the.
other in 1886. His wives were, sisters,
Ksmeralda and Rebecca Hendricks. .By
the first, he said, he had seven chil
dren and 'by the last eight children,
and three others had died.
The prosecution had no more wit
nesses to-day to put on the stand. The
names of Apostles* Merrill. Teasdale.
Taylor and. Cowley, Samuel S. Newton.
J. M. Tanner and Moses Thatcher
read and t)»ey failed to respond to their
name 8.' President Smith was asked to
do all he, could to induce these wit
rjosst's to repond to summons.
MAHRIED TWO SISTERS. ®
twelve apostles, explained at length j
the manner of sending out mission- )
aries and said polygamy was not j
talked and that polygamous" cohahj- t
tation had never been talked at a con
ference at which Smoot was present.
Senator Hoar: "Did you commend i
upon prospective converts the rule of
your church against polygamy?" .
"I always refrained ,from arguing*
on polygamy."
Thomas M. Merrill, a Bishop, and a
son of Apostle Merrill, said he 'had
two wives and that he had six chil
dren by the first. and four by the sec- i
ond. The youngest t^hild by the sec
ond wife is three years old. His sec
ond marriagelttook place In the Logan
Temple' in 1885. He said he did not
know whether marriages performed
in the temple are recorded. He had
performed two. ceremonies himself
and had kept only an individual rec- !
ord- In answer to ; Senator Hopkins
he said:' •'
"I have looked for a prescribed form
ula for marriages, but never found
one." v
SANTA ROSA, March 9. — Another
heavy storm broke here this morning
and the rain was accompanied by
strong winds all day. If it keeps up
to-morrow great damage probably
will result. A landslide above Glover
dale this morning on the California
Northwestern delayed the down
train several hours and blocked traf
fic completely.
Storm's Damage in Sonoma.
Japanese florists have succeeded ia
cultivating / a. rose which looks red in
the sunlight and white in the shade.
The coincident in the, case is that a
fortnight "ago ' his cousin, llartin Mur
phy retired from the- office of County
Auditor with a small shortage in hin
accounts.
McGeoghegan is one of the most pop
ular young men In the city. He Is the
son of John T. McGeoghegan. cashier
of the Commercial and Savings Bank,
arid a rjephey of B. D. Murphy. He is
about 30 years old. McGeoghegan was
a member of the Eighth California
Regiment during the Spanish-Ameri
can War. On coming ¦ from the . army
he. was appointed City Treasurer by
llayor Martin to succeed the late J.
N. Ewing, who died,in office. He wa3
elected four* years ago with a very
large majority and two years ago was
the only, one upon . the Martin admin
istration ticket to be elected. .
There is an effort being made by
McGeoghegan"s friends to make up
the* shortage, but as the amount is
large, they, may not be ablg to do so.
The surety company, it is believed, if
the shortage is covered, will not prose
cute, but thfs' will not prevent the
city authorities j from taking the mat
ter before the Grand Jury. .
McGeorghegan himself will not ad
mit the way be took the money, which'
insinuates it was done by some one
else. .^ Z'
FRIENDS TO THE RESCUE.
For some time, it Is said, the city
authorities have been afraid the Treas
urer's pace was too fast for his salary
of $125 per month. A few months ago
the Council increased his bond $50,000.
When the Mayor's expert reports to
morrow a special .meeting of the City
Council will be held and McGeoghegan
suspended. There was more than $S6.
000 in the Treasurer's vault on March 4.
On that date the strong box was sealed
and McGeoghegan only left enough
money to transact the day's business.
To-night a policeman is guarding the
treasury.
McGeoghegan called on the Sheriff
this afternoon and asked if he had a
warrant for him, and said* ir he had
he wished to be locked up. He waited
about the place quite a while, expect
ing a warrant would be served on him.
McGeoghegan has been in the cus
tody of a Pinkerton detective all day
and to-night the two men occupied the
same room at a hotel.
afternoon denied that he had taken a
cent belonging to the city.
The two surety companies this
evening served notice on Mayor Wors
wick that they would withdraw from
McGeoghegan's bond. The reasons set
forth are "systematic neglect of duty,
permitting person^ in the office and
with access to the cash who have no
right and no business to be there." This
withdrawal is taken under a provision
of the Political Code.
Continued From Page .1, Column 7.
Senator Tillman Vcrv III
WASHINGTON, March 3.— Senator
T:!lman of South Carolina Is very ill
with throat trouble. A thorough ex
amination was made of his throat to
day and disclosed the fact that an
abscess had formed on the left tonsil.
tt is said to be very small and the phy
sicians believe it can be relieved with
out great difficulty. An operation will
be performed to-morrow.
SHORTAGE IS FOUND IK FUSOS!
Stcuographer Resigns.
.
Miss Maud Powell, stenographer of
:he Civil Service Commission, resigned
yesterday to accept a similar position
with the War Department at Benicia.
\ temporary appointment will be
made to gave a male stenographer on
the eligible list a chance to qualify for
Miss Powell's place. * "
Piano Player Killed by a Train.
REDDING, March 9. — Investigation
developed that the mangled remains
found this morning on the railroad
near Lahioine.were those of S. Plun
kett. 'a piano player by profession,
aged 32 years. Plunkett spent Tues
day at Lamoine and caught the mid
night passenger train, expecting to
beat his way to Keswlck. It Is sup
posed he fell from the brakebeam.
,questions in regard to the revelations
received by Smith and Van Cott, but
the defense objected to the character
of the inquiry. He proceeded to dis
cuss the point at some length, when
Senator Hoar interrupted, saying he
"would object to arguments by the at
torneys calculated to overthrow the
rules established by the Senate years
ago in' the matter of conducting in
vestigations." v
Senator Dubois explained that he
•was not a lawyer and It was. his pur
pose to ask questions which * a layman
would be -likely to understand, and- he
Smith took the book and read a
verse which declared that when the
Lord wanted his seed propagated he
would command it. This, the wit
ness declared, justifies polygamy when
a person is commanded, by the Lord
to enter that state. He said the com
mand came to individuals as revela
tions from" the Lord.
Senator Dubois asked a number of
Reading from the book, which is
called the Mormon Bible, Chairman
Burrows called attention to trie words
of God reference to David and Sol
omon and hla displeasure because of
the fact that he kept more than one
wife and many concubines. The? chair
man asked if that did not prohibit
polygamy and, if that did not prohbit
when was the law of the Lord changed
in order to permit the practice.
. Two more verses were read and
these provoked like requests until the
chairman objected.
JUSTIFIES POLYGAMY.
Chairman Burrows asked the wit
ness to Identify the Book of Mormon,
and then, turning to the revelation of
the prophet, Joseph Smith, he asked
specifically in regard to the manner it
was revealed and was informed that
it was revealed to him by God. J
Chairman Burrows asked if polyg
amy was taught In that book and
Smith answered that It was emphat
ically forbidden.
"Is this sealing for eternity ever
performed for living persons?"
"I believe I have heard of one or
two such cases," said the witness.
"Are any polygamists ever sealed
for eternity?"
"No. sir."
SEALING FOR ETERNITY.
Chairman Burrows insisted upon
to the marriage ceremony performed
in the church. He spoke of the mar
riages for time, the marriages for time
and eternity and the marriages for
eternity only, and asked if the latter
is riot called "sealing."
. "They are all called sealing," was
the response.
Chairman Burrows inisted upon
knowing from the witness whether he
would have investigated such charges
against any of the apostles, and the
witness answered again, "It is not my
business to do it."
you do not take steps to have corrected
what you term false charges?"
"It is not my business to do so," the
witness replied with emphasis.
"The question is, do youT' r said Chair
man Burrows.
Smith then explained that it is the
-duty of the bishops' courts to pass upon
the morals of those who live in their
wards or districts.
"Does that include officials of the
church?" was asked.
"It includes all members."
When asked if the rule applies to
officials who are above the bishops
in authority, Smith said it did not. .
DUTIES OF BISHOPS.
"Do you mean "to say that,'notwith
standing the sensitiveness you profess,
The seventh day of the hearings was
opened by Attorney Tayler for the pro»
ecution recalling President Joseph F.
Smith of the Mormon church to the
stand. Smith was questioned as to an
interview he gave In 1902, giving statis
tics in regard to the church and the
number of polygamists In Utah. Smith
had said the entire interview consists!
of statistics and that In that statement
he had said nothing for the purpose of
supporting the candidacy of Reed
Smoot for the Senatorshlp. On hearing
the interview read Smith admitted that
he had been quoted correctly in regard
to Smoot and urged his election.
Smith said he was acquainted with
Benjamin Cluff Jr., president of the
beard of faculty of the Brlgham
Young Academy, and that he is re
puted to be a polygamist. He also was
asked about Abraham Cannon and if
the general charge had, not been that
he took a plural wife, Lillian Hamlin,
since the manifesto of 1890.
Smith said that had been a news
paper charge and he had paid no at
tention to it,
"The officers of the Mormon church
are sensitive in regard to the charge
that plural marriages have been per
formed since 1890, are they not?" Tay
ler asked. . ¦
Smith said he thought they were very
sensitive on the subject.
He was asked then whether he had
taken steps to run down the stories
that the laws had been violated by
officers of the church. "He answered
that the publfc charge did not concern
him, and that if he took time to an
swer all the charges made against him
self and other officials of the church
he would have no time to do other
work. : ; '-¦¦:¦. '
Loren Harmer, formerly a bishop of
the Mormon church, to-day gave the
first testimony in favor of the defence
that has been offered thus far in the
eight days of the hearings.^ He said
he was convicted of the crime of adul
tery and that he believed Smoot was
responsible for his arrest. The charge
against Harmer was unlawful cohab
itation with a woman who was not his
wife and not a prosecution on .account
of cohabitation with his plural wives.
President Smith and a number of the
officials of the church who have been
¦witnesses in the case to-day were ex
cused from further attendance and they
will return to Utah.
DOES NOT HEED CHARGES.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— Several
I officials of the Mormon church to-day
S testified in the Senator Smoot case be
' fore the Senate Committee on Priv
| ileges and Elections that they had
piural wives and had continued to prac
tice, polygamous cohabitation since the
¦ manifesto of 1S?O. Just before adjourn
! mtnt for the day the committee held
an executive session for the purpose of
having read the unprintable testimony
j in the Teasdale divorce case. The pro"
j ecution stated that it had no more wit
nesses ready to put on the stand on
account of the failure of several sum
moned officials of the Mormon church
to appear. President Joseph F. Smith
v.as asked to use his influence with the
i witnesses and promised to get into com
munication with them if it was pos
sible to do so.-
SANTA CRUZ, March 9. — The ex
tension of the electric roa4 to Capitola
has been delayed through lack of nec
ei»ary. right of way, which has now
been obtained, so the extension _ will
begin at. once. The Loma Prleta mill
and the building at Opal will be moved
a short distance to make room for the
track. The extension will be com
pleted within ninety days.
Electric Road to Be Extended.
ASTORIA, Or.. March 9.— The local j
Longshoremen's Union to-day notified j
G. W. Sanborn & Co. and the engin- j
eering department at Fort Stevens j
that the union would hereafter refuse I
to furnish men to coal the dredger \
Chinook unless they were paid for
the full time put In. The men de
mand-payment from their departure)
from the city until their return and j
will not work under the former scale, j
whereby they were paid only for the
time during which they actually j
worked. !
Longshoremen Want More- Pay.
judicial control, and stated that if there
aie two boards ••you will have trouble
<n your hands all the time." He said
provision for extradition should be
made and tariff duties should be im
pos*d on goods coming from the canal
strip to the United States as from for- j
eign countries, in order to prevent i
smuggling. The committee should have j
the power to fix the rates of duty on '
gooda going into the strip from the,!
United States and foreign countries. He*!
thought the commission should have '
about the same pojver as was given the
Philippine Commission. The commis
sion could be authorized to pass laws
curative until disapproved by the
President.
WASHINGTON. March 9.— The sub
conmdttee of the Senate Committee on
Interoceanic Canals to-day heard Sec
retary Taft relative to legislation for
the government of the canal zone. The
Secretary strongly recommended legis
lation hy Congress clothing the Canal
Commission with legislative, executive,
judicial and administrative power over
the cana! strip under direction of the
President. He was opposed to any
mission Great Power.
Secretary Would Give Panama Com-
TATFS VIEWS ON" THE CANAL.
Andrew Jensen, assistant historian
of the church, at the afternoon ses
sion said he had two wives who were
sisters and .they both lived in the same
house, though he lived with the first.
Jensen said he was not sealed in eter
nity to the mother of the two wives.
Loren Harmer testified that he wai
a Bishop for five or six years, but had
been sent to. the penitentiary in 1899
upon conviction of unchastity and lost
his good standing. He said he had
two wives, Ella and Ida, and had lived
also with Ellen Anderson, but never, as
her husband. He said she had two
children by him, one since he had re
turned from , the penitentiary. He
now lives in Springville.'He said Ellen
Anderson supports herself and that he
had nothing for herself or'
her "children. He said she had prop
erty of her own. - •
Harmer was asked if Senator Smoot
had anything to do with his arrest.
"I think he caused it," he said. "He
was councilor at that time to the
president of the stake, who was then
away. He: called me, to Provo and
told me the church proposed to take
away my bishopric and other offices.
"Why was he going' to take away
your offices?" . •
" "Because I had committed a crime."
¦~"-;"What crime?"
"Adultery, to be frank."
"Why do you think Smoot caused
your arrest?''
"Because before I * reached ' home
the Sheriff overtook and put me un
der arrest. I blamed * Smoot for
sending the Sheriff 'after; mei >I
thought he might have given me more
time, although' the crime was a bad
one.: I do not know that Smoot was
responsible for my arrest, but :' it
looked much like it."
;.TEIliS OF JkrisSIOXARY WORK.
• ¦ Hiram A; 1 " Smith, 3 2 years old, a son
of President - Smith and one of - 1 the
tirely." / "~ "
Senator Hoar asked some questions,
bringing out the status of children un
der the law of inheritance.
"The' children of plural wives get
only what t is willed to them or to their
mothers," said the witness. "In my
own case, I have made deeds to my
different families."
He said to reply to Mr. Worthington
that the. book-of Mormon is not the
Mormon Bible. •
"What is the Mormon Bible?" .
" 'King James* Translation of the
Bible.' We have no Bible except the
Bible cf other Christian people."
At the executive session of tKe com
mittee before recess was taken, it was
decided to allow a photograph to be
tak»n of the committee-room to-mor
row, but with no witnesses present.
TESTIFIES FOR DEFENSE.
general conference through the up
lifting of the hands of those present.
The witness answered that he had re
ceived no revelation sustained i.i that
manner and explained again that
individuals^ by living a moral life in
the sight of the Lord, could receive'
revelations if they were prayerful. He
said the Lord would manifest his will
for their guidance. /¦
"Have you received any individual
revelations?" asked Senator Dubois.
"I can't say that I have," the wit
ness replied. .
-Speaking of the endowment, Mr.
Smith said in reply to Tayler that the
obligation is the same as it always has
been, but that it is not an oath.
STATUS OF CHILDREN".
"We abjure oaths," he said.
Smith said he was absent from Utah
during the prosecutions under the Ed
munds act, that he was not, therefore,
prosecuted.
"Was there a warrant out for you?"
asked Senator Dubois.
"I can present it to you now," re
sponded the witness with some snap.
"It was returned to me."
"Then you were not at home looking
after your wives?"
"I was not neglecting" them en-
MEMBERS OF MORMON CHURCH
WHO ARE CONNECTED WITH
PRESENT INVESTIGATION.
wanted a broad view taken in the in
vestigation. He then asked the wit
ness whether any revelations he had
received had been sustained in the
Norton, had been employed " here for
about two years, but had not followed
diving as a permanent occupation. At
times he went down to recover lost
anchors and was endeavoring to pick
up an anchor lost from the bar dredger
Chinook at the time of his death. The
first descent was made shortly after
the dinner hour from the tug Mendell
in twenty-two feet of water. About
the time the diver should have reached
bottom the men above ' signaled him.
but receiving no response pulled him
aboard. When the metal hood was re
moved from his head it was found
Norton's air supply had failed. The
man was still allve< but died after
gasping a moment for breath. The in
quest will be held In the morning. Lit
tle Is known here "of the man, except
that he was a brother-in-law of Cap
tain Bendegard of the steamer Signal,
who lives at Oakland. His wife is dead,
but it is said he has a son and a daugh
ter living at San Francisco. Norton
was about 50 years of age and was
well thought of by the Callender Trans
portation Company, the concern that
employed him.
' ASTORIA; March 9.— Arthur Norton,
.whose relatives are believed to reside
In San Francisco, met a tragic death
here this afternoon while engaged in
marine diving. In some manner as yet
unexplained the air pumping apparatus
failed to work properly, with the result
that the man was suffocated below the
surface of the water. His sufferings
must have been frightful, as the head
was swollen tp twice its normal size
and the blood vessels had burst. The
swelling was so great as to render tht
features unrecognizable.
Special' Dispatch to The Call
PARIS, March 9.— The case of Colom
bia against the Panama Canal Com
pany came up to-day before the First
Chamber of the Tribunal of the Seine,
M. Dltte presiding. There axe two
case* before the court, the first seek
ing to prevent the transfer of the canal
concession to the United States and
the other relative to the right of Co
lombia to hold shares in the company.
The arrurneata to-day were upon the
first c&ae. Both elfies were represented
by a strong 1 array of counsel. The
opening argument en behalf of. Co
lombia -was made by Maitre Brunei.
He cited the original concessions re-
Quiring the express authorization of
Colombia before any transfer could be
made valid, and asserted that Panama
did not now exist as a free and inde
pendent state, but was simply a revo
lutionary organization. Moreover, the
rights Trhicb Colombia acquired under
the terms of the original concession
v ere Inalienable and could not be taken
up by Panama, even If a regular gov
ernment existed. Maitre Du Bult, one
of the foremost advocate* In the Hum
bert proceedings, argued Tor the com
pany. He Insisted on the regularity
of the organization of the Government
of Panama, declared all the rights of
Cclembla had been extinguished and
cald the company was bound to recog
nize th« condition of superior force
which transferred the sovereignty dyer
the csnaJ route from Colombia to Pan
ama,
Coucie! for Bonaparte Wyse, the
original concessionaire, and M. Ray
mond. In behalf of Colombia as a
shareholder, were also heard.
Workmen Hurriedly Pull
Man to Surface and Find
Features Unrecognizable
Attorney for Company Says
Superiority of Force ilust
Be Eecognized in Action
TWO CASES IN COURT
NO BESPOXSE IS GIVEN
President Smith Concludes His Testimony Before the Senate Committee and
Is Excused From Further Attendance— Evidence in Favor of the Defense
Is Given by Loren Harmer, Who Was Deposed From a Bishopric
Astoria Seaman Goes Down
to Find Anclior and the
Air Pump. Fails to Work
Counsel for Colombia Argues
in Paris Against Cession
of the Panama Property
STILL OPPOSE
CANAL TRANSFER
DIVER MEETS
AWFUL DEATH
OFFICIALS OF THE MORMON CHURCH
CONFESS TO HAVING PLURAL WIVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. MARCH 10. 1904.
3
In tea, Shilling's Best is by
no means the costliest tea ; it's
1 matter of taste. Of the fine
kinds, the one yoO like best is
your tea.
Your grocer's; moneyback.
Can be taken en trial I- or a full month I wiUlefyM
«ie ;i <¦: •:rt'.\ a: try risk
Send n'> money just write me for the book y*a
reed. v. i r r I trvA it I will ie!) f-ou of a drucrist near
by wl>* «»•;:; permit the month's trial.- Use the Ke»:ora-
:-»irw-r:ii llten decide If you say to the drotxnl
i'c«'o: help me." tliat will relieve yuv cf any ex-
pen*- m\a lever. He will bill rJiocost tolne.
This is my way ul clearing your mind of all doubts aa
i' oiat Ur. Slx*>p's Uesturabve am do. No matter
¦ ' ¦ prejudiced, yoa cannot dispute tins ahsohite cecur*
i'. 1 offer Yea cannot resist an offer like tliis ti yoa
MC at all • '*
If you l-ivr a wczkr.ess. wrue «ac. If you can't <1»
•' ' ?• tike >-ou used to do tliem. tell me about It.
>¦¦¦»¦ ¦' •'>»• Asa phyiicbn I will tell|*w
• <r»v t9 i - .. < .r- my book nuw— i»-d»y.
t»ck yem wart and Bock 3 on the Kidneyi.
£d dress Dr. Shoop Book 4 for Women.
Xl'lm. Ucok 0 on Uhcnaiatlsin
M.'.i cases, not chronic, are often cured
w ith one or two bottl»«. • At eirucrirtit'. .
Dr. Shoop's Restorative
< >niy «1! fn« oihirn book t« »«td
N t» feruinly kno* of somf ont «h» if iif It — »om»
*uft>rrr mho »sil b^fratrtitlfcr tht htipfnybtok offer*
And that book teii: of a «ay to http. TriU ef a way
v • -: - that I . *« a phyiicun, nrftr that help oil trial.
Th* hnr.k tell* JKitt tor js years in hospitals and at bed-
s <Jr« I »e*rrhf<3 for a «ay to cur* <;•<• ;----n»ri and dirB>
m]< - v*" l!<e!l»b<*» 1 perfected my prescription
— l*r S>hoop'» f.~stmu\e. Ho« by xoentinc experi-
MM ( (raced out the causes Oiat br-.ng on chronic dit-
I found invariably that «hetr there *as a weakness,
«!» ¦.. .r n«Tve» »ff« weak. U'kere tliete »a> a lack
<4-viali;r that the »ral r.erve* lacked power. WheQE
'•,.frj;ii«-'t".-- ; I alm-ars found weak nerrea.
Not the nerves cmtpn'Wiry tliotnlit of, but the vital or-
c ans* nerve*, ilie iti5«i» — t!* invisible nerrei. .
Tlti* m a ¦ <• ¦- - .4 ¦ ,.¦ ."!-:; niy real success began.
Then 1 eombiiieri tngreritrntt that would tlrciYthen
that would vttjlizr ci>e*c nerves. Hut prescription 1
called a restorative It is kjv"»"n die worM over now at
I*. Mioop'i Ke»:orati»e Aftet that I did n«t tail to
' ••» one < > •» m rach Itundred. la the cxticniely ciSj-
cuU cases my faiiiiiemior n»e year* were one in each
forty treated. ( foutid cr.ncfr nicuiable Cancer U
for •ut^er*-, not medicine.
Ther. l«o« to «e: this prescription to sick «nes ererV-
»i*w was rny thouclit. I must annottace it in il".«
public pres* Hoi. ¦'¦ ' -.:f>.t I. mill tliey iraTtte the
tinth of my discuverj — ¦ - iei! po-er cf Vt. Slioop't
Heitorauve* Then a w»> came to me— I'Xt aa instura-
ikjo- 'I will offer it tn «l* sick on trial Then they
• ill knu* I arn sincere "
I wrote a reliable druczist mead) city and »i'bje fa
America. Ther agreed u> co-operaie witli nic
Now by any stf t one
Will You Help A Sick Friend?
Get My Book For Him Now.
DB. SHOOP'S EEJIEDrES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SKr* SENATOR MALLORY
SAYS:
"PE-RU-NA DOES WHAT IT CLAIMS."
¦ eVe ...........««.««..¦.. '- *
{ AMOS E. LEWIS.^ ||
Pe-ru-na b Known From the Atlantic most omnipresent Penma. is th» only
to the Pad lie - absolute safeguard known. A cell la th*
* beginning of catarrh. To prevent colds.
Dr. Hartman Is Receiving Hundreds of to cure colds, is to cheat catarrh out e£
Letters o Congratulation and Its victims. Pemna not only cuia e»-
Commendation Dally. rTil but prevents n.
itn n.»» w,if ."ihl.. i .»»». F Mm Catarrh affections may b« acut» or
All Classes Write These Letters, from ch ronlc. mild or severe, ephemeral c*
the Highest to the Lowest. stubborn, lasting or fleeting, painful or
ANT man who wishes perfect health trivial, but they all have on« origin, ona
must be entirely free, from catarrh, nature— catarrh. They all have on* enu«
Catarrh is well-nigh universal; al- — Peruna.
I Amos E. Lewis. Private Secretary to Senator Mallory of Florida, la a X
J letter from Washington, D. C. says: « J
? "Your Peruna having been recommended to me as a remedy for ||
f catarrhal diseases, and having been greatly benefited by its\ use, I •
I cheerfully testify to its efficacy and give it a most emphatic en- *
• dorsement for accomplishing all that is claimed for the prepara- •
\\tion." — Amos E. Lewis. \
A Com me dare In Our Navy Endorses A Host of Witnesses— Pe-ru-na a Ca-
• Pe-ru na* tarrh Cure That Rests on the tnso-
Commodore Nicholson. 1837 R street. "c*ed Testimony of Thousands.
N. \V.. Washington, D. C. writes: This is an age when theories have llt-
"Tfmr P^ruriA has been and. is now tle or no weight on th© avelage mind.
Your Peruna has been and. « now demonstration Is demanded.
used by so many of my friends and ac- | The bugy peop , e of to.^y ha ve neither
quaintances as a cure for catarrh that I j tIrne nor inclination to speculate, and
am convinced of Us curative qualities j turn with distrust from everything that
and I unhesitatingly recommend it to all j does not plainly bear the stamp of fact.
persons offering from that complaint." j m TSJa?!JSd^?^ 1^llSn 1 e« d ot" U ta5
—Commodore. Nicholson. _ __ I people as a catarrh cure Is because all
The day was when men of promlnencs ( 8taternerf j, concerning It are accompa-
hesitated to give their testimonials to j nled by facts.
proprietary medicines for publication. J A book containing specimens selected
This remains true to-day of most proprl- > at random from a cloud of witnesses
. jii i j. who have been cured of chronic catarrh
etary medicine's. - j bv Peruna sent f ree b y the Peruna Medi-
But Peruna has become so justly fa- ( c f n e Co.. Columbus. Ohio,
mous. its merits are known to so many if you do not derive prompt and satis-
people of high and low standing that no factory results from the use of Peruna.
one hesitates to see his name In print write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
-T o ,*!„„ rw,,™-, ful1 statement of your case\and h« will
recommending Peruna. he pleased to give you his Taluable ad-
Over fifty members of Congress have vlce^ g^tls.
written their endorsement of the world- Address Dr. Hartman. President of Th«
famous catarrh remedy, Periiria. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
usErur. discoveries
Are Not Always Startling-. Heltaex B«
They Create the Most Talk. —
It is not always the greatest, most
startllns discoveries of Science that are
most useful to the human race.
Comparatively few people were di-
rectly interested in Herschel's finding: of
the new planet Uranus, but many thou-
sands have been benefited by Prof. Unna's
experiments, which proved beyond a
question that Dandruff and Baldness »re
the results of the inroads of a parasitic
germ which invades the roots of the hair.
The discovery of the true cause of
baldness made Newbro's Herpicfde pos-
sible. Herplcide effectually kills this
'germ. Destroy the cause you remove the
effect.
Sold by leading drugrgists. Send lOe
in stamps for sample to The Herplcids
Co.. Detroit. Mich.
TURPINA
I ARROW COLLAR I
H 1 SCENT 8, 2 FOR 25 CENTS If
3 - CLUETT, PE ABODY A CO. { j
V\ KUEU OF CLUtTT AMO HOMAKCM »»l»Ti I
it^ffff^y^lSBSSSSil Tk° housekeeper
!. OF BEEP alwlys at hand both for fla-
voring soaps and sauces as vrell as for
making that handy cup of not beef tea. '
will oblige by sending her address to
\ Corneille David & Co.. xoS* Hudson St..
New York,' N. Y. She- will receivo free,
a useful cook book.
_^.___ B __To «t*y Cured. Cause r«-
/lv I H |%A I\ moved. Healtb restored.
HO I lll»lr-4xo more Aathma*or Hay
Fever. Book 60 Free.
C U R F D ' F. te H A ROU) HATM,
y VI%1 - 1 * Buffalo, W. X.ST. PETERSBURG, March 9.—Fin
ance Minister Kokovzoff announced to
day that the response to his efforts to
get intending exhibitors to reconsider
their .decision not to participate in the
St. Louis Exposition had been insuffi
cient to warrant the Government to re
consider its determination, and * that
consequently Russia would nd£ partici
pate In the exposition. ' '
Russia Will Not Exhibit.
Colonel Grigsby Is Given a Hearing.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— President
Roosevelt to-day gave, a hearing at the
White House to Colonel Melvin Grigs
by. United States District Attorney for
the'Second District of Alaska at Nome,
on charges of malfeasance In offlc?
The charges have been Investigated by
the. Department of Justice and the At
torney General has recommended to the
President the removal of Colonel
Grigsby. ; .
TULARE, March 9.— Mrs. M. P. Bra
zill. wife of a prominent farmer near
Tulare. died this morning as the result
of frightful burns received several days
ago while trying to rescue her sister.
Miss Hosklns, who was burned to
death. The* fire was caused by Miss
Hoskins dropping a lamp, from which
the oil scattered on the clothing of both
women.
Ballot Box Is Robbed of Contents.
• DENVER, March 9.— The ballot box
used in Precinct 1 of the Second Ward
at the recent election in this city'has
been found to have been broken open
and robbed of its contents. It was
in custody of City and County Clerk
Julius Mlchele, who had been ordered
to produce it in court Friday next at
the hearing on the charges of ballot
tfox stuffing filed against the elertion
officers of this precinct.
Fire Claims Two Victims.
SEATTLE, March 9. — To, clear him
self in the minds of people of his own
class of the charge that he had once
turned State's evidence against . his
pals, John McCarthy to-day admitted
that he was one of the men who blew
open' the safe of the Standard Oil
Company, in- this city in 1891, which
resulted in the sending" of Deafy Con
nelly and Shorty Adams to the peni
tentiary. ¦••¦ McCarthy alsp admitted
having served a term in San Quentln
jafter being caught while tunneling
under street ' of Los Angeles in ' an
attempt to reach* a bank vault.
'McCarthy was arrested here by th«*
police ' last Sunday because he hap
pened to have in his possession a tool
designed to wrench i the" bar handles
from ' safes. He is suffering from a
recently received bullet wound and
the authorities expect to hear, that he
Is wanted In some other city. 1 "
John McCarthy Would Rather Be
Jailed Than to Have It Said He
¦ Turned Traitor.
CONFESSES CRIME TO
. V ESCAPE CRITICIS31
BROOKLINE, Mass.,Ttfa?bh 9.— Three
swimming records • were broken- -to*
night: Fifty , yards— By Harry Le
moyne. • Time, 27 1-5 seconds; four
fifths of a second below former record.
440 yards— By C. M. Daniels. Time, 6:05;
former record 6:10, held by Brewer of
California. Plunge for distance— By A.
M. McCormick, distance 65 feet 7 inches.
Former record 62 feet. /
Swimming Records Are Broken.
CONSTANTINOPLE. 9.— Dr.
Thorn, a member of the American mis
sion at Marsdon (Turkey in Asia), has
been appointed by the Porte to inspect
the prisons at Diarbekir (Asiatic Tur
key) and arrange, for the medical treat
ment of the prisoners, in consequence
of the complaints of Sir Nicholas
O'Connor, the British Embassador here,
regarding the condition of the Bul
garians who are confined at Diarbekir.
Turkish Prisons to lie Inspected.
When the Election Board opened
the machine they found amazing re
sults from the day's balloting.
candidate for Councilman on the in;
dependent ticket registered 370 votes',
his associate . registered- 349, while
their ODDonents, Gulick and Groff, tal
lied 370 and 369, respectively. Mem
bers of the independent party are
jubilant for the reason that one of
their opponents caused the mix in at
tempting, when the polls opened, to
shift the tickets. and put the regular
one at the . top, thus getting the
mechanism out of order.
NEW YORK. March 9. — A vot'ng
machine used in the municipal elec
tions at "Washington, N. J., has gone
wrong and another election will be
necessary. , • v , .
Washington, New Jersey, Must Have
New Election Beennse of Mls
tnkes hi Record.
NEW YORK. March 9.— Reports from
Newport News, Va., that the Turkish
cruiser Medjidia is being held up there
by the builders because of doubt re
garding the final payment by the Sul
tan's Government upon the" cruiser are
denied in a dispatch from Philadelphia,
quoting Edwin S. Cramp as saying:
"The last payment is now on deposit
FAULTY VOTING MACHINE
CAUSES ANNOYANCE
"Considerable anxiety regarding Mr.
Chamberlain's condition Is being mani
fested on account of circulation of re
ports among members of the House of
Commons that he is suffering; from an
incurable mental affliction. It was
whispered about to-day that Mr. Cham
berlain was in incipient stages of soft
ening of the brain. , <,
"Where this report originated* could
not be learned, norwas it possible to
obtain information confirming the re
port or contradicting it. The report
finds little' credence among friends of
Mr. Chamberlain, although they are
disturbed by it.
"Those opposed to Mr. Chamberlain's
fiscal policy seem more ready to re
gard the report Within the realms of
probability. Some said to-day that if
it were true It would explain why the
ex-Colonial Secretary went off to Egypt
right in the middle of his fight, leaving
his tariff reform campaign practically
without head.
"Suggestion is heard that Mr. Cham
berlain's present condition Is probably
the sequel to' a cab accident In which
he was seriously injured In coronation
Special Cable to The Call and Xew York
Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON, March 9.— The Times says
this morning:
Alarming Rumors in Circu
lation Concernig 3Iental
Condition of Statesman
"That the United Kingdom has just
cause for complaint of certain restric
tions and unfair arrangements directed
against the commerce of the empire
and that the Chamber of Commerce
would support his Majesty's Govern
ment In measures- for negotiation, but
urge Government to appoint a
royal commission to investigate and
report on the whole fiscal policy of the
nation." ...
The discussion developed a great di
versity of Qpinion, resulting in a com
promise resolution of a colorless char
acter.
LONDON, March 9.— The Associa
tion of Chambers of Commerce of the
United Kingdom at its annual session
here to-day adopted by a vote of the
representatives of fifty-eight chambers
against nfty-four the following resolu
tions: "
Association of Chambers of
Commerce in United King
dom Adopt Resolutions
TURKISH CRUISER
IS NOT HELD FOR
\ FINAL PAYMENT
CHAMBERLAIN
IS VERY ILL
FISCAL POLICY
IS CRITICIZED
BERLIN, March 9.— Die Flotte (The
Fleet), the official publication of the
German Naval League, in a two-page
leader entitled "What Do We Learn
From the' Russo-Japanese War?" says
that the occurrences in the Far East
point with flaming fingers to the urgent
necessity" for hastening the 'building of
the German fleet programme. The two
principles deduclble from the conflict,
the paper affirms, are that Russia
agaihst her will . became entangled in
war, a misfortune that might occur to
Germany, and. that 'battleships decide
sea fights, while torpedo-lJoats achieve
results only under especially favorable
circumstances. The German duty, be
fore it is too late, is to have 'practically
the construction already authorized and
to add to the scheme, for naval defense
adopted in 1900. „.-,"/•- ;•'
On this point both the London and
the Paris Cabinets are in accord. Their
action is only, a question -of time, but
thS opportunity is not considered to
have yet presented itself.
Signs are not wanting that the Ger
mans are not at all unanimous In sup
port of Russia. Thus the Cologne Volks
Zeitung in an article on Germany's re
lations, with Russia says: *
"It would be of great moral import
ance as the result of the present war if
the Immense' respect felt fgr Russia
should disappear — a respect which lias
been the cause of ny>re success for Rus
sian policy than anything that she h"as
really done. It is not in the interests of
Far Eastern people, and less in the
interest of Germany, that Russia
should assume a preponderant position
and appear as an arbiter of the des
tiny of the world, before whom all must
bow. .A Russian victory would not only
cause her to become the third power in
the Far East, but would call for the full,
pressure, of the Franco-Russian alli
ance in Europe — pressure which would
outdo all which we have yet expe
rienced." ,
The Post states, however, that .France
and England are only waiting for a fa
vorable moment to ' tender their good
offices. • .
BERLIN. March 9.— The semi-official
Post states to-night that it is in a posi
tion to give "from an absolutely sure
source" the substance of a letter which
Count Benckendorff brought with him
from the Czar to King Edward. In this
letter no appeal whatever is made for
mediation by neutral powers, nor is
there any reference to a possible appeal
to The Hague tribunal. There can be
no question of peace until Russia has
given proof of her superiority on the
field of war." ¦ -.';;":
George Kennan, traveler, writer ar.d
lecturer, arrived here last evening from
Washington with his wife and will de
part for Japan to-day on the trans
port Buford. He is going to the Orient
in th* interests of Outlook, not par
ticularly as a war correspondent, but
to study the problems out of which the
Japanese-Russian war arose and th-<se
that may develop during the progress
of the hostilities. Kennan has visited
Russia twice and is well acquainted
with the political and social conditions
of the empire, a fact which he has
demonstrated in the books He has
written and in his lectures, which re
sulted in his being escorted out of
Russia on the occasion of his last tt!p
to that country. During an Intervltw
last evening Kennan said:
"Although I have been sincere In my
descriptions of the conditions existing
in that country. I cherish no ill feeling
against tha Russians for their con
duct toward me. nor has their treat
ment biased me in my opinion of the
nation and its ruler in the matter of
warfare. I regard the Czar as a good
man. who, unfortunately, has been be
trayed by the war party. I also have
a great respect for the Russian sol
dier, but undoubtedly the military or
ganization of the empire is inferior to
that of Japan. Prominent Russian of
ficials have admitted this much to me.
"Russia has long been eager to dom
inate over China, a fact which the
great nations know, and should her
ambition be realized It would seriously
menace the future of India. With
Japan, which has given assurance to
Peking that the Mikado will maintain
China's integrity, it is the aim to se
cure control over Korea and drive
Russia out of Manchuria, which is
Japan's only hope of maintaining »n r
«wn national intr grity. I Delicti* that
the war will develep many interesting
problems an«l 10 these I hope to give
as much of ray attention os possible."
GOING TO ORIENT
TO STUDY PE0BLE3IS
PRESENTED BY WAR
Special Cable to The Call and New York .Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the Xew York. 1 lerald Publishing Company
PARIS, March 9.— Dispatches re
ceived from Port Arthur confirm the
previous reports that the Russian bat
tleship Retvlzan had been refloated
and entered the inner harbor. It is ex
pected that she will be ready to resume
active service in a few days.
PORT ARTHUR, March 9.— The hole
in the hull of the Russian battleship
Retyizan, which was made during the
first attack of the Japanese, has been
repaired and the battleship has been
refloated. She is now anchored in the
inner roadstead alongside the Cesare
vitch. The other necessary repairs to
the ship will be completed shortly.
Great Britain and France Are Awaiting a Favorable Opportunity
to Offer Mediation to Belligerents.
RUSSIAN FLEET
AT POET ARTHUR
AGAIN INTACT
SEOUL, March 9.— A party of nine
Russians seized the Korean telegraph
station at Yungwon to-day. It is re
ported that a fight has occurred be
tween Koreans and Russians on the
Korean side of the Tumen River.
Russians Seize Yungwon.
NAGASAKI. March 9.— The Norwe
gian steamship Hermes has been re
leased by the Sasebo Naval Court and
ordered to proceed to this port to await
orders regarding the disposal of her
coal cargo. The hospital steamship
Kasai Maru has arrived here, bringing
twenty-two wounded Russian sailors
belonging to the gunboat Koreitz,
which was destroyed by the Japanese
fleet at Chemulpo. They will be re
moved for the time being to Matsu
yama Hospital, on the Inland Sea.
Prize Steamship Released.
SALT LAKE CITY. Utah. March 9.—
Japanese in Utah have been asked to
contribute $10,000 toward the Japanesa
war fund being collected in this coun
try by the Fokuglkal (patriotic so
ciety), a branch of which is being or
ganized here. According to E. D.
Hashimoto, the organizer, similar as
sessments have been made upon the
Japanese of Nevada, Wyoming, Mon
tana, and Colorado. Letters, It \a
said, have been written to leading
Japanese of every big city in the coun
try and every State will have an or
ganization of the society to collect
funds for the home country In ita
struggle with Russia-
Hashimoto said that $2*0,000 has al
ready been raised in San Francisco
alone and that large sums were com
ing from Oregon, Washington and
British Columbia.
URGING JAPANESE
TO CONTRIBUTE TO
TOXICS TVAB FUND
ST. PETERSBURG, March 9.—Care
ful Inquiry concerning the outlook in
the Balkans develops that the prevail
ing opinion in ' Government as well as
in diplomatic circles is against an out
break of war In the spring, although
the danger Is not considered passed.
A perfect understanding exists between
Russia and Austria, and, besides, the
Russian authorities appear to be com
pletely satisfied regarding the attitude
of Bulgaria. What assurances the au
thorities have concerning Bulgaria are
not known, but they do not tally with
direct information from other source?,
representing Bulgaria as having her
army under mobilization, with having
her plans perfected for an Invasion of
Turkey and as being confident that she
can defeat the Turks single-handed.
Evidently the Porte also is alarmed at
the outlook, as an American (the rep
resentative of an ordnance firm, who
came here to act as a broker in the sale
of South American warships to Russia)
has been requested to go to Constan
tinople immediately, the Sultan desiring
to purchase a large supply of guns.
It is a mistake to imagine that Rus
sia Is so engrossed with affairs in the
Far East as to b% unable to give atten
tion to the Balkans. She has carefully
refrained from removing troops from
the vicinity of the Roumanian frontier
and will be prepared, if necessary,' to
assume her share in the event of war.
KIEPF, Russia, March 9.— The papers
here make a feature of an interview
with a Japanese correspondent of the
Nichi Niche, who is now visiting the
Balkans. He is quoted as saying the
Japanese fully recognize that they have
no hope of defeating Russia unless her
attention is diverted by possible com
plications in the Balkans. The object
of his visit, is to ascertain the chancea
of such trouble breaking out.
In a bank, subject to our orders as
soon as we present the papers showing
that the cruiser has. been turned over
to the Turkish Government. This cere
mony will probably occur on Thurs
day."
Japan Hopes a War in the Near East
Will Divert the Attention of
Her Enemy.
In a remarkable statement given to the press a high official in the St. Petersburg For
eign Office asserts that the attitude of the American Secretary of State alone stands in the way
of an accord of the powers that would prevent any other nation than the present belligerents
being drawn into the war. It is declared that Secretary Hay's diplomacy is a "nightmare" to
the governments of Europe, which are unable (o fathom the aims or intentions of the United
States.
News of a series of land engagements comes from various Far Eastern sources. It is
said the Russians were defeated near Haiju, northwest of Chemulpo; but as the Japanese have
advanced in force far beyond that point it is,probable that if any engagement occurred it was
with Russian scouts. British and American Consuls/have advised the women and children to
leave Newchwang, against which town a Japanese force is moving. It is believed the Russians
will abandon Newchwang to the enemy. •>
A London journal prints a unique story illustrative of the confidence of the Japanese in
their ability to defeat the Russians. It say^ Japan is placing contracts for coal, to be shipped di
rect to Port Arthur and Vladivostok, although these . are at the present time Russia's most
heavily fortified strongholds in the Far East.
The TokioMispatch. announcing that the Russiansat Port Arthur had succeeded in float
in? all of the warships damagedin Admiral Togo's first attack with torpedoes is confirmed in
a dispatch direct from Port Arthur. . • : ; >*
The most sensation/^ feature of yesterday's war reports was. the announcement that
Tapanese troops had appeared in Manchuria, to the rear of the Russian position on the.. Ya1u
River, wherethey had routed a Muscovite force. Whence these troops came is not' stated, and
the assertion appears almost incredible. No movement of Japanese troops in sufficient force
to have already invaded this region, which is held by the main Russian army, has been report
ed. Should. the claim of a Japanese victory prove true, the brown men would appear to/4iave
broken the backbone of Russian resistance in Southern Manchuria and to.be able to • seize tHe
Manchurian Railroad at will. It is to be noted in this connection that advices have been receiv
ed in Washington that Japanese troops had appeared in the vicinity of Antung, this indicat
ing that the Japanese were 'landing an army on the Manchurian side' of the Yalu and in the
rear of the Russian defenses. *
A DMIRAL TOGO'S fleet bombarded the forts at Dalny and then attacked Port Arthur
/¦% on Monday, according to a dispatch from Tokio. No details' are given. Washington ex
perts believe these bombardments were for the purpose of keeping the Russians-occu
pied while Japanese troops were being landed on Liaotung Peninsula.
No authentic news concerning the fate of the Russian Vladivostok squadron has been
received. Tokio is hourly awaiting details of the naval engagement believed to have been fought
in the Sea of Japan.
DAY'S DEVELOPMENTS IN THE WAR
FOR SUPREMACY IN THE FAR EAST
Russian Troops Will Be Sent to the
: Balkans if Necessary to Prevent
an Outbreak.
RUSSIANS SAY VLADIVOSTOK AND PORT ARTHUR HAVE AMPLE SUPPLIES FOR A SIEGE
Far Eastern Strongholds Are Not in Danger
of Famine or a Shortage
r Fnol
Czar Asks Muscovite Editors to Print
Nothing but the Truth Con- ''¦:¦
cerning the War.
special Cablegram to The Call and Sew York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by
the New York Herald Publishing .Company.
would call after the operation involv
ing an attack upon the Russian
squadron had been concluded.
The Japanese are quite confident of
the ability of their squadro-. to sig
nally defeat the Russian snips and
laughingly say that the big Russian
cruisers, which stand unusually high
out of the water, make excellent tar
gets.
VON WALDERSEE'S
DREAM OF EMPIRE
IN THE FAR EAST
PARIS, March 9.— Colonel Marchand,
the hero of Fashoda^ in the course of
an interview published in the Matin
to-day, is' quoted as having said that
the late Field Marshal von Waldersee,
while in command of the allied forces
at Peking, had the purpose of making
the province of Chill part of the hinter-,
land of the German possessions In
Shantung, and was prevented only
through repeated Russian representa
tions to Germany. *
The colonel, who accompanied the
French forces to Peking, describes his
intimate personal relations with the
field marshal during the operations of
the allies and adds that Von Walder
see complimented Marchand on the lat
ter's African achievements and v in
vited him frequently to be a guest at
his private table. They discussed the
organization and merits of French
troops. Concerning the present war.
Colonel Marchand remarks:
"Field Marshal von Waldersee was
too diplomatic to express an opinion
upon the general question which al
ready was seen to be presented and
which is now being solved by recourse
to arms. He strictly carried out this
rule of advancing German interests:
He desired particularly that Chili
should become in some way la hinter
land of German Shantung and repeated
obse/vation'3 by Russia to the chan
cellory in Berlin alone prevented his
carrying out his project.".
ST. PETERSBURG, March 9.— The
Emperor received this afternoon repre
sentatives of the Russian press, headed
by M. Souvorin. proprietor of the Novoe
Vremya, who came to present to his
-.Majesty an address concerning the
var. The sovereign was particularly
gracious and shook hands with every
one. He said he recognized the. great
importance of the press, which had well
represented public sentiment, for which
he was grateful.
"I beg you in the future to write the
truth, and nothing but the truth." he
paid, addressing Souvorin. "I am grate
ful to you for having started a patriotic
fund for warships. It is an excellent
idea."
It may be mentioned that the fund
now reaches $15,000,000.
A telegram was received to-day from
Viceroy Alexieff which caused conster
nation to military attaches and war
correspondents. It was to the effect
that he did not- propose allowing one
or the other to come irtto Manchuria
until the disposition of the troops was
fully made. That is to say, early in
April, according to our calendar.
Contrary to the report of a shortage
of coal. Vladivostok has 12.000,000 poods
on hand. A pood is thirty-six pounds
avoirdupois. I have excellent authority
for saying that Port Arthur also has
ample supplies of coal and provisions.
Captain Rudineff, commander of the
sunken Variag. in reward for his cour
age has been appointed an aid-de-camp
to the Emperor. All of the officers and
men will receive the cross of St. George.
General Kuropatkin will take the S
o'clock train- on Saturday night instead
of the later express, wishing to gain
time to Mofcow, which city will give
him a grand ovation.
The Xovoe Vremya has a leader to
day on coal as contraband. It argues
that it has been sr» considered since the
American Civil War, hut now that
England has coal to sell to Japan she
objects. .
Following is the text of the Emperor's
telegram to Viceroy Alexieff:
"ST. PETERSBURG, February 11.—
Mobilization is proclaimed in the Sibe
rian provinces. You are empowered to
act as commander in chief. I -am with
you heart and soul and with our brave
fellows. May. God bless our operations.
•NICHOLAS."
TOKIO ANXIOUSLY
AWAITING NEWS OF
RATTLE AT SEA
CHINESE NATIVES
EEPOBT FIGHTINd
NEAR NEWCHWANG
YIXKOW. March 9.— The British Con
sul strongly and officially urges the for
eign women and children to leave New
chwang before the river opens. The
British station gunboat Espiegle will
leave as soon as possible and will be
replaced. The famiiy of United States
Consul Miller will leave \to-morro'w.
It is understood that the neutral pow
ers will not embarrass- Japan by the
presence of warships in the river here,
and therefore neutral interests at New
chwang will be officially abandoned.
The tension among the Russians con
tinues. There are circumstantial native
reports of fighting east of the railroad,
and there is some evidence of a Japa
nese advance. It is Reported that the
action of the Russians in ordering
Xewchwang to be fortified was due to
the withdrawal of the foreign warships,
thus removing the last possibility of
the neutralization of this port. The
Russians received by train to-day two
five-inch guns and two six-pounder
howitzers. They were unloaded at the
Newchwang railroad station.
COAST DEFENSES
IN READINESS
TOKIO. Tuesday. March S. (De
lnyed in transmission.) — It is believed
here that there has already been a
decisive naval engagement in the vi
cinity of Vladivostok and tidings of it
are anxiously awaited. The Japan
ese fleet did not, it is said, go to Vlad
ivostok for the rturpose of bombard
ing the town, but to locate and at
tack the armored cruisers Gromoboi.
Hossiay and Rurik and the cruiser
Bogatyr. forming the Russian squad
ron Ftationed there. It is understood
here that when the Japanese fleet ar
rived there on Sunday last it found
the Rus?ian~squjidron absent If this
is true, it gave the Japanese squadron
advantages in the way of avoiding a
battle close to the inshore batteries,
at the same t!me putting it in a posi
tion to prevent the Russian ships re
entering the harbor. It is doubted
that the Japanese withdrew their en
tire, fleet, unless the location of the
enemy had been discovered, as it
meant surrendering the advantage of
being in a position between the ene
my and the enemy's base. There is a
Ftrong possibility that the Japanese
found the Russian ships in the vicin
ity of Possiet Bay and gave them bat
tle there. «
The names and number of ships in
rhe Japanese fleet have been kept se
cret, but it was probably sufficiently
strong to divide into two divisions, the
one to guard Vladivostok and the
other to cruise in search of the Rus
f ian ships. < It is said that the new-re
purchased cruisers. Nisshln and Ka-
F.'iga. are taking part in the present
movement, off Vladivostok. The Navy
Department expects to receive dis
patches to-morrow . from* Wusan,
¦wher*^ it was "planned that the fleet
PARIS, v March 9.— In pursuance «of
orders issued by Minister of War
Andre, active work has been begun
with the view of placing the coast de
fenses in a state of readiness. A hun
dred roast artillerymen have arrived
at Marseilles and are occupied in per
fecting the harbor batteries, a fo ce
vl naval mechanics is working on the
island approaches and the trials of
various k'nds of heavy ordnance are
progressing actively at Marseilles and
elsewhere. '-Z'r ' .--;¦¦
These measures are not considered
significant, except as an indication of
the determination of the officials % to
have the coast defense In a state of
preparedness.
JAPANESE CLAIMS
OF LOSS INFLICTED
UPON THE ENEMY
TOKIO, March 9.— It \i reliably as
serted that . when th^ Japanese at
tempted to block Port Arthur on Feb
ruary 24 a. Russian torpedo-boat de
stroyer, while trying to enter the har
bor,, struck a mine and sank. Of the
thirteen Russian warships inside the
harbor of Port Arthur, it is added, all
are disabled except >flve. ' Finally, it
is asserted that Whoanckishan Fort.
at Port Arthur, was half destroyed
by the Japanese shells and that only
three batteries are available .here.
About 800 Chinese and Russian work
men have been rushing the repairs
on the
Russia to Take Over Mercliantmcn.
SEBASTOPOL, March 9.— The Rus
sian Steam Navigation Company la
said to have received Government In r
structions . which compel it to curtail
ordinary operations, particularly out-
Bide , the Black. Sea. It is understood
the 'Instructions provide for a contin
gency call upon their, tonnage' by the
Government. The • company's - conven
tion with. the Government provides «for
the Government's acquisition; of ; the
whole fleet for troops ! and -other mili
tary work, within the Black Sea only.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1904.
SARANAC LAKE, ,N. Y., March 9.'—
Robert Tabe'r, the \ actor, and . divorced
husband of Julia Marlowe, died here
last night. • ' \ ?
Death of ' a Well • Known Actor.
. BELGRADE, Servia, March 9.— Dr.
Petronijevics, who • was head of the
Cabinet of the late King Alexander,
was . to-day convicted of ' the embezzle
ment .of S1L60O from the'estate of a son
of Prince Michael and sentenced to two
years' Imprisonment.
King's Adviser Is Convicted.
Favors Treaty With Abysinnla.
v WASHINGTON. March 9.— During
the executive, session of the Senate., to
dayiSenator Cullom made a favorable
report from the Committee on Foreign
Relations on the.treaty with King Men
elik. It is a agreement
regulating the exchange of .business be
tween, the United States and Abyssinia.
OTTJAWA,, Ont., March 9.— The Do
minion Government was notified to-day
that the Grand Trunk Railroad had de
posited $5,000,000 in the Bank of Mon
treal to the credit of the Finance Min
ister as a guarantee for the ; construc
tion of the Grand Trunk Pacific road.
The "deposit is in cash. r , .'¦
Bi«r Guarantee Deposit.
CHICAGO, March 9.— A. special round
trip rate of $67 50 from San Francisco
and Los Angeles to the St. Louis Ex
position, has been announced by all the
Western' railroads as a result of a
meeting here to-day of the Transcon
tinental , Railway Associa
tion. This rate will only be obtainable
on three days of each month from May
to December, inclusive. A rate of $72 50
for the round trip' from the Pacific
Coast to* Chicago was also announced,
to hoid good oh the same dates as the
exposition rates* '
Special Ilatc to " St. Louis.
4
£COTt*S EMULSION.
STUBBORN
€OLDS
For obstinate colds,
lingering coughs and
persistent bronchitis
Scott's Emulsion is a
standard remedy and
a. reliable cure. You
can feel the good
effects of even a small
bottle. Easy to take
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HmjyafllJfinos
uii\ -tLi/ jB NATURAL
/^52k^d MY NAME IS NOT
JTjaJLSj<K HUNYADI ONLY,
S$S HUNYADIJANOS,
feSyLS^I THE ORIGINAL.
&a *^ ON LY GENUINE
yX JCy^t AND RELIABLE
VLillTTnfl HUNGARIAN
jggjl I \ \A LAXATIVE \.
Is Always Reliable for
CONSTIPATIONThe. Daily Telesraph, commenting on these reports, says that if the news
of this - strange and marvelous collapse of Russian power on land Is truo
there is nothing, to prevent the Japanese seizing Mukden and the railroad.
There has been nothing to compare with this move, the paper continue^.'
since Napoleon staggered Europe fcy appearing on the plains of Italy, hav
ing descended from the. Alps as from the clouds. Its effect throughout
the Far. East will be stupendous. . ;".'V\v;"
The other newspapers prefer, to wait for authoritative details before ac
cepting this news.
Rumors of mediation in the Fu: East continue to circulate on the Con
tinent, but evidently the British Go\ernment has no. idea that mediation »3
possible. \ Foreign Secretary Lansd iwne, replying to a letter on this sub
ject from the Arbitration and Peace Association, which, suggested mediation
under The Hague convention, said;his Majesty's Government feared that
such an offer could not usefully be made to the belligerents at the present
The activity and ubiquitousness of the Japanese campaign compel ad
miration from army officers here. It is not fully understood,' however. how-
Japan can have transported enough troops to make any one of it's efforts
really a large one. capable of being long sustained at the present time.
LONDON, March 10.— The news from Tientsin to the effect that Japanese
troops are west of the Yalu River and have already captured a Russian
position is received with surprise here. To some of the military critics it
Is inconceivable that .Japan really can have executed such a sudden, un
expected and successful turning of lh« Russian position on the Talu River,
which, it is thought, would have necessitated the employment of a much
larger force than it is. believed Japan can possibly have at this point.
churian roads are In such poor condition as to absolutely prohibit the move
ment and supplying of a large army. It is rather believed here that the
attack on Port Arthur and the endeavor to land at Talienwan Bay were
made as a diversion to cover the landing of Japanese troops elsewhere.
NEW YORK, March 9. — The fol
lowing Callfornians are registered
here : From San Francisco— E. C.
Bartlett, at the Gregorian; H. J. Cur
taz, at the Hoffman; E. H. Dewolf
and wife, at the Wellington; Miss Dra
per and Mrs. M. Draper, at the Park
Avenue; J. S. Dunnigan, at the Hoff
man; J. F.Harcourt and wife, at the
Gregorian; L. Gassner, at the Herald
Square; S. Gelson, at the Broadway
Central; Miss Mulrooney and Miss Q.
Mulrooney, at the Cadillac; Miss E.
Russell, at the Gerard; G. J. Donovan
and Albert Simiss McGrath, at the St.
Denis. • . . _ .
Califoniians in New York.
The unfortunate man was secretary
of one of the local lodges of Red Men.
Despondency is the cause assigned for
the rash acL Upon the request of rela
tives th«? body was not removed to the
Morgue.
Julius Friescke. a cigar-maker, 50
years of age. and who resided at 634
Chestnut street, ended his life last
evening by hanging himself with a
heavy hempen cord to a doorjamb.
Tlie body was discovered by Gus A.
Reimers, a son-in-law of the de
ceased. Patrolman Jack Evatt was
notified and communicated with the
Coroner's office. ,
Julius Friescke. in a Fit of Despon-
dency. Ends His Own Exist-
Fate of Vladivostock Squadron' in Doubt
Continued From Page 1, Columns 2 a nd 3.
BODY OF CIGAR-MAKER IS
FOUND HANGING TO A DOOR
W. R. Rowland, who in October . of
last year fell from a Clay-street car,
sued the United Railroads yesterday
for $5216 damages. He claims that
he fell because the gripman was care
less in starting the car.
Rowland Wants Damages.
Musicalc and Entertainment.
The Columbia Park Boys' Club, with
its chorus of thirty-five voices, its brass
band of eighteen pieces -nd other at
tractions, under the direction of Sidney
S. Peixotto, will give a musical and
miscellaneous entertainment under the
auspices of the society of the Memorial
Presbyterian Church Friday evening,
March 11, in Opera-house Hall, Four
teenth street and Railroad avenue.
Mrs. Powers' Will Filed.
The will of Julia Collins Powers of
774 Harrison street was filed for pro
bate yesterday. With the exception of
a few minor bequests her entire es
tate, which consists of $36,000 in cash,
is bequeathed to'her eight nephews and
nieces in equal shares.
The dedication of St. Andrew's Evan
gelical Lutheran Church on Union
street, between Powell and Mason, will
take place Sunday, March 13, at 10:30
a. m. The new structure is of impos
ing design and is a valuable addition
to the houses of worship of this city.
Services will also be held in the even
ing, when Rev. Mr. Jatho, the pastor,
will deliver the sermon.
Dedication of New Church.
Requiem High Mass for Father Quill.
A requiem high mass for the repose
of the soul of the late Father William
P. Quill will be celebrated this morn
ing at 10 o'clock at St. Agnes Church.
Father Quill was one of the most be
loved priests on the coast and his
ministrations to sick and dying along
the northern coast won for him a
place in the hearts of the people.
Father Quill died in this city on Feb
ruary 10 last.
The maximum weight of the male
b'rain Is attained at the age of 20 years,
and that of the female at 17 years.
City Attorney Long yesterday in
formed the Board of Supervisors that
he had retained J. C. H. Stut as an
.expert in the case of the Spring Val
ley ' Water Company against the city
in the litigation of water rates. Stut'a
compensation will be $25 per day.
City Engineer Grunsky advised that
the compensation is reasonable and
the services of an expert are neces
sary. ,
Retains Slut as Expert.
PERSONAL.
Dr. J. P. McCord of Pittsburg Is at
the Lick.
William Pierce, a capitalist of Sui
sun, is at the Palace.
Fred Swanton. a capitalist of Santa
Cruz, is at the Palace.
Arthur L. Levlnsky. an attorney of
Stockton, is at the Palace.
J. T. Thompson, Mayor of Whisky
Slide. Cal.. is at the Palace.
J. Howard Johnston of Paris ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
A. J. Fairbanks, proprietor of a ho
tel at Willlts, is registered at "the
Lick.
General Manager A. G. Wells and
General Passenger Agent John J.
Byrne of the Santa Fe road arrived
from Los Angeles last evening; and
are staying at the Palace.
Don A. H. Powers, who. with Llew
ellyn Powers, former Governor of
Maine, owns large timber tracts In the
Pine Tree State, arrived here yester
day with his wife and daughter and Is
registered at the Palace.
George F. Richardson, master of
transportation of the Southern Pa
cific Company, returned yesterday,
after an absence of three weeks, dur
ing which he made a tour of inspec
tion over the company's main lines
and visited the principal cities of the
East.
Rev. Father Joshua P. Bodflsh, pas
tor of St. John's Catholic Church of
Canton, a suburb of Boston. Is at the
Palace. Father Bodflsh's last visit to
San Francisco was twenty-nine years
ago, when he came here with several
other Paulist fathers and held the
first series of missions in this city, in
augurating them at Old St. Mary's
Cathedral. He made a previous visit
to San Franclr--~ in 1857.
Suit Over Automobilr.
Ivan G. Treadwell sued the Pacific
Motor Carriage Company yesterday
for $900, the value of an automobile he
claims to have stored with the cor
poration and for $260 damages he al
leges he has suffered because of the
refusal of the defendant to turn the
machine over to him when he de
manded It.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals yesterday handed down a de
cision to the effect that at the time
the judement of deportation was en
tered the petitioner was not entitled
to remain here and that her marriage
subsequent to that date to an Ameri
can citizen did not affect the validity
of the judgment.
So Mrs. Chin must go back to Chi
na. But should she return she will
be entitled to land as the wife of an
American.
Three years ago the woman, who
was then known as Wooey Ho. arriv
ed at San Francisco from China and
demanded admission to the United
States as the daughter of a Chinese
merchant. The Chinese bureau re
fused to admit her and she appealed
to the United States Supreme Court.
The Supreme Couft decided that the
judgment of deportation should stand.
The woman then surrendered herself
into custody of the United States Mar
shal. Pending deportation she was
released on bail. Last December she
married Chin King Sung, an American
citizen, and sued for a writ of habeas
corpus on the ground that, as the wife
of an American citizen, she was of the
same political status as her husband
and entitled to remain in the country.
Mrs. Chin King Sung must be de
ported to China, whence she came.
Such is the judgment of the United
States Circuit of Appeals and such is
the ending of three years of litigation
In the case.
Her Marrjaee to an American Citizen
After the Order Had Been Made
Is Unavailing.
T. J. Dinan has been selected as the
representative of the Web Pressmen's
Union to the international convention,
which will meet in St. Louis next June.
The muddle growing out of the re
cent split election of officers for the
Painters', Paperhangers' and Decora
tors' Union is far from being settled.
To bring one side of the controversy
under State laws articles of incor
poration were filed with the County
Clerk in this city yesterday by the Pa
cific Coast Federation of Painters, Pa
perhangers and Decorators.
In connection with this trouble
Delegate L. F. Danforth, who went
East, to try to secure a ruling from his
superiors on the question, has return
ed. During his absence he repre
sented the Russell-Brundage side of
the controversy before the general
executive board, from which body a
decision may be expected before long.
Bartenders' League No. 41 at its
last meeting contributed from its
treasury $25 for the relief of the rela
tives of a deceased member who stood
high in the councils of his associates
during his lifetime. As a donation to
the Pressmen's Union $5 was also
drawn from the treasury. This league
is making great preparations for its
moonlight outing to Shell Mound Park
on Sunday night, April 3. ,
The committee having in charge the
opposition to the proposed ordinance
forbidding meetings on the streets has
sent out circulars inviting signatures
to a petition opposing the ordinance
to be presented to the Board of Su
pervisors..
A new schedule regulating the hours
of labor and a scale of wages for the
Freight Handlers' Union is under con
sideration by this body. Notice is
given that the charter for members
intending to join will be closed on
April 12. The following committee has
been appointed to make proper ar
rangements for a ball to be given in
Native Sons' Hall on April 2: Cornelius
Crowley, J. McFeeley, H. R. Archibald,
George Hubert, James McTiernan,
James Hogan, F. Gallagher and J.
O'Mara.
The Lumber Clerks' Association,
which is among the new unions, cele
brated its iirst anniversary last night
at 927 Mission street with a high jinks
and smoker. The history of the union
was reviewed by President J. R.
Montague. His address was followed
by others by P. H. McCarthy, O. A.
Tveitmoe, W. C. French, E. A. Evans,
W. C. Llnd, A. E. Yoell, Charles Nel
son and others.
Holds High Jinks and- Smoker at
lleadquurters — News of the La
bor Organizations.
One feature of the exposition in which
both producer and grocer are. much in
terested will be the demonstrating of
the absolute purity of the different pro
ducts, and it is intended to make it a
great object lesson to the consumer.
. The reception to the visiting dele
gates will be on a grand scale, as a
large amount of money has been sub
scribed for this feature, independent of
the exposition itself. It will include
day trips to- different points around the
bay and special features in the even
ing.
' Th*e making of allotments for space
for exhibitors has been going on rap
idly and but little room remains un
sold. Most of the leading pure food
products of the coast will' be exhibited
and the grocers are congratulating
themselves on the ready response given
by the exhibitors. Ninety-two of the
main spaces have been contracted for
and the entire space in the building
will in all probability be sold in the
next week or two.
The different committees appointed
by the Retail Grocers' Association have
been making rapid progress in their
respective lines of work and report that
great interest is being taken in both
the exposition to be held in the Me
chanics' Pavilion and in the entertain
ment of the delegates from the Nation
al Retail Grocers' Association.
Committee Reports That Coming Na
tional Gathering Will Be Made
Interesting.
MRS. CHIN KING SUNG
MUST BE DEPORTED
liUMBER CLERKS' UNION"
OBSERVES ANNIVERSARY
GROCERS. MAKE PROGRESS
IX CONVENTION WORK
The ice moved at Danville early in
the afternoon and carried the great
covered river bridge from its piers.
The bridge was 2000 feet In length.
Industries all along the Susque
hanna River from Pittston to Nanti
coke are closed down on account of
the high water and in many places
water Is flowing into the mines.
At Plymouth the entire business
section of the town Is under water.
The ice is gorged there and the wa
ter backed up so rapidly this after
noon that many families found it im
possible to leave their homes and are
now living on the upper floors. Com
munication by railroad has been cut
off.
Though the river is falling at
Wilkesbarre to-night towns In the vi
cinity of Bloomsburg are experiencing
the worst flood in their history. Three
spans of the great steel bridge erect
ed by the State at Catawassa were
swept from their piers early In the
afternoon and this evening the two
remaining spans collapsed. The Penn
sylvania River bridge over Catawassa
Creek went out this afternoon.
WILKESBARRE, Pa.. March 9. —
More than a million dollars' worth of
property has been destroyed by the
flood in the Wyoming Valley and more
than 2000 families rendered homeless.
At midnight the police patrol boxes
all over the city reported absolute
quiet.
A special Grand Jury will sit next
Monday morning to investigate the
work of the mob and ascertain If pos
sible the leaders of Monday night's
mob, which killed Dixon, and also the
leaders of the rioters Tuesday night,
who burned the negro resorts on East
Washington street.
Telegrams are being received by ne
groes from their fellows In other States
offering help. The pastor of a colored
church in Kansas City to-day wired to
a pastor here:
"If you want any aid from Kansas
City call on us. We are prepared to
come to your rescue."
When the west end. of the levee was
cleaned out to-day no white man would
work with moving vans and no white
man would accept the goods in storage.
The work had to be. done by colored
men under guard of the militia, and
most of the goods from the dismantled
saloons are piled up in the open yards
of colored people. None could be left
on the premises of white people, who
feared that their own property would
thus be endangered. None of the hard
ware stores is allowed to sell weapons
or ammunition. The infirmaries and
other places of refuge are filled with
aged negroes and women and children.
The mob has at no time shown any
disposition to burn property other than
that on the levee.
At 11 p. m. the militia had dispersed
the crowds in the central part of the
city, but It was feared they would form
elsewhere for later movements. While
there are 15,000 negroes In the city, none
weregseen anywhere to-night. The body
of Dtxon, the negro lynched, was pri
vately interred here to-night. The or
der for saloons to remain closed is ob
served, but no attention Is paid to the
Mayor's proclamation for people to
keep off the streets. It Is thought that
hundreds of "negroes are out In the
woods around the city to-night, as they
cannot be found within the limits. No
women or. children are forced to remain
out over night, as the crowds threaten
only males. There are two or three
among what are called "bad" ne
groes that are said to be wanted by
the crowd, and the negroes fear others
are wanted.
"To the people of Springfield: You
are earnestly requested to. remain off
the streets of the city after nightfall
except in cases where business of ne
cessity requires you to go thereon and
to refrain from congregating upon the
streets or in public places of the city.
"Compliance with the above request
Is deemed to be necessary for the pres
ervation of the peace and good order
of the community and to prevent a
repetition of acts of mob violence. Any
one found loitering In public places in
violation of this request will be prompt
ly prosecuted.
"CHARLES J. BOWLUS. Mayor."
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio, March 9.— The
situation early to-night was considered
by the authorities to be more threat
ening than at any time since the be
ginning of the present race troubles.
While Governor Herrick has not pro
claimed a state of martial law, such
a condition practically exists in the
downtown districts and the burned por
tions of town formerly occupied by the
negro resorts. Ten companies of the
Ohio National Guard are on picket duty
and seven more companies are expected
here before 10 o'clock. The saloons
without exception have been closed all
afternoon and many other lines of busi
ness have practically ceased.
Mayor Bowlus has not only closed
the remaining negro saloons, hotels and
lodging-houses which are under the
ban c*f the mob, but has ordered the
proprietors in every .instance to move
out all the intoxicating drinks and in
some instances even the fixtures, In
cluding gambling apparatus. At noon
the following proclamation had been
posted and ordered printed in the news
papers:
Of the feminine notables who have
been communicating with the Palace
regarding rooms Is Mrs. Matthew
Baird, who modestly bears the distinc
tion of being the richest woman in Phil
adelphia, a widow of many charming
qualities, who is already within the
boundaries, enjoying midwinter climate
in some part of Southern California.
M. Richards, a millionaire, properly
accredited to Paris, but who has lately
spent much time and money in and
about New York, has telegraphed that
he will probably be-here before the last
week of the month, and a little later
George B. McCagne. who made his mil
lions with the original Carnegie "Forty
five" and is now playing golf on the
links at Pasadena, will be in San Fran
cisco. Along with him will come an
other enthusiastic golfer in the person
of George E. Tenor of Pittsburgr, a man
of magnificent physique, who measures
from heel to scalplock six feet four
inches, and is several times a million
aire.
Still another Pittsburg millionaire
who is coming this way is Henry Buhl,
the great dry goods man, whose name
Is familiar to all women who have
traveled through the Keystone State.
Buhl, like C. G. K. Billings, who has
been visiting the city for several days,
has a strong penchant for fast road
sters and spends a great deal of his
time speeding them over the highways
of his own city. Another of the ex
pected is W. K. Kirby, one of the mag
nates behind the American Car and
Foundry Works of St. Louis.
San Francisco will soon be enjoying
the presence of a number of American
millionaires, driven West by the physi
cal hardships of a frightful winter, the
worst that has been experienced in the
East and the middle West for many
years. They are coming here to under
go a thawing out in the balmy at
mosphere of California, and, according
to their letters and telegrams ad
dressed to the Palace Hotel inquiring
for accommodations, there will be a
large number of them here about the
same time. Among the first of the
wealthy men due here Is Samuel Cup
pies, the widelv known philanthropist
of St. Louis, who is said to be now en
joying the third great fortune he has
accumulated during his business ca
reer. He will be accompanied by his
wife and daughter.
Millionaire Colgate of New York, the
richest soap manufacturer In the
United States, and Charles Council
man of Chicago, whose big fortune is
the result of the profits of his grain
fleet, which was the first to be fitted
out on the great lakes for Europe, are
also coming. A third notable in the
millionaire class is Brewer Adolph
Busch of St. Louis, who not onlv rides
in a private car and generally engages
a dozen rooms for the acommodation
of his family and others who are in
cluded in his periodical journeys from
home, but makes hotel life paradise
like for the bellboy by his frequent
lavish tips. Another distinguished vis
itor will be R. T. Crane, a member of
the big pipe firm, and also known as
the head of the greatest elevator man
ufactory in the country. His son, also
a millionaire, and who recently showed
his ill feeling toward Japan by giving
$10,000 to Russia, because he thought
that the little brown men were not
"acting on the square," expects to join
his parent in California.
Major R. C. Van Vliet and Captain
Frank L. Winn left yesterday for a
trip down the Southern Pacific as far
as Sarpent to try and find a location
for target practice grounds. This mat
ter has been puzzling the officials for
£<<me time r>ast 4 but it was thought the
matter had been finally settled when
the site back of Fort Baker was select
ed. The owner of that property, how
ever, put such a hijrh value upon his
place that it made its purchase posi
tively prohibitive, and that idea was
abandoned. A site south from here will
in all probability be selected.
General MacArthur. accompanied by
his aid. Major P. W. West, will inspect
the transport Buford at 10:30 a. m. to
morrow.
The problem field exercise by the
third squadron. Ninth Cavalry, on the
golf links at the Presidio yesterday was
eminently satisfactory to the command
ing officer. The prescribed line of ac
tion was not. exactly carried out as out
lined by Major Bigelow, as he had ex
pected to have three troops act on the
attacking line, whereas he only had
two. The third one was left behind in
.charge of the ambulances and relays,
v.hirh were slow getting into action.
Consequently when he did arrive on the
field and was prepared to make the ad
vance he found himself shy one troop.
In the meantime Captain Young with
his troop, I, had so taken up position
tin the field that they could prevent any
possible advance of Major Bigelow's
forces, and the latter >vere compelled
to retire. The cavalry will have a sim
ilar drill next Wednesday on the same
grounds.
The transport Buford is scheduled to
sail at 12 m.. sharp, to-day provided
the marines due to arrive from Wash
ington, D. C, at 4 a. m. are here. The
following officers go in command of the
marines: Major C. A. Doyen; Captains
J. C. Troadwell, H. O. Bisset, P. S.
Brown, Harry Lee, F. M. Wise and P.
F. Archer; First Lieutenants G. H.
Mather, Charles T. Westcott, Thomas
Holcomb and E. A. Greene; Second
Lieutenants H. C. Egan. C. F. Williams,
N. P. Vulte, H. T. Swain. S. Williams,
F. C. McConnell. T. Howard, R. O. Un
derwood, J. F. Dwyer, R. B. Creecy and
Surgeon J. S. Taylor.
The fire call was entirely unexpect
ed, but the alacrity with which the
troops responded showed that the of
ficers of the Presidio are keeping the
nr>n well drilled and up to the mark.
An alarm of fire threw the post at
the Presidio Into a great state of «x
citement yesterday afternoon. Of
ficers and enlisted men at once sprang
from their occupations and rushed to
the engine-house quarters, where the
bugle's shrill call had summoned
them. Captain George P. White, fire
marshal of the post, was one of the
first on the scene of action. From all
Eides poured cavalry, artillery and in
fantry. Each rushed to Its proper po
eition. The court-martial, composed
of high ranking officers of the post,
tv2io were sitting: 'n solemn dignity,
•was suddenly dissolved and the of
ficers rushed to their respective posi
tions of duty. Next was raised the
cry, "Where is the fire?" Then it be
came evident from the command of
Colonel Morris, who shouted "Save
the Y. M. C. A. building." that the
clarm v as given as the result of the
orders of Major John P. Wisser, who
Is now making: his annual Inspection
of the post, and wan in reality simply
o. fire drill to test the efficiency of the
corps at the post- The new Babcock
engine was brought out and had a
stream on the supposed blaze two min
utes after the call. Then came the
hosecarts. which were rushed out and
down the hill at an amazing rate of
speed. The hook and ladder truck
followed In a. remarkably short space
of time, ladders were thrown up to
the building- and two heavy streams
were pouring on the supposed flames.
The bucket brigade was then called
into line and buckets were passed with
great alacrity by the colored troop
ers. Occasionally an empty bucket on
the return line would go shy of the
target, the result being close contact
to a trooper's head.
Transport Will Take Six
Hundred Marines and Cas
uals to the Philippines
Major Issues a Notice Warn
ing the People to Keep Off
the Streets After Nightfall
Industries Along the Susque
hanna River From Pittston
to Nanticoke Closed Down
Are Coming to Coast to Bene
fit by the Milder Midwin
ter Climate of California
"The only place where uncertainty
exists is Washington. We are at sea
as to what to expect from Mr. Hay's
American diplomacy, which in 'these
latter days is so aggressive, so start
lingly sudden in the way it proposes
propositions to the remainder of the
world, and we have not time to prepare
for the shock. It Is a veritable night
mare to Europe., The present situation
is like an algebraic problem— every
quantity of the equation is known ex-
"Were it not for a single unknown
quantity the European situation at
present would be as perfect as pos
sible for the avoidance of one thing
every chancellory in Europe has been
straining every nerve to prevent
namely, the entanglement of an out
side power in this war. That unknown
quantity is your State Department. The
situation following the outbreak of
hostilities was exceedingly delicate and
surcharged with dangerous possibili
ties to the peace of the world, and the
level-headed statesmen of Europe in
stantly co-operated to avert a general
catastrophe, when, almost at the»in
ception. Secretary Hay's circular note
for the neutralization of China almost
defeated them. But, hapily, he did not
press it to a point where differences
were sure to have arisen, and, as it
turned out, owing to the length to
which the powers gave adhesionS to its
principle, it really contributed to the
trend which all desired. The note
might have proved disastrous, did not
the present moment find all Europe
practically in accord as to what should
be done.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 9.— The
misgiving existing in high quarters
here regarding the ultimate aims and
purposes of the foreign policy of the
United States were verified to-day in
the following remarkable statement to
the press from an official source:
"There" can be no doubt that the Hay
note accomplished that very thing, and
the Russians are generous to acknowl
edge it. It may have been sudden, but
it came at the right hour. Perhaps Mr.
Hay had a clearer insight into what
was needed than the European diplo
mats, who professed themselves sur
prised."
The official quoted further that the
Washington authorities-agreed with the
view taken at St. Petersburg that the
outlook was good for confining the hos
tilities to .the two belligerents con
cerned. It has been growing better
every day since Hay first addressed the
powers on the subject of the neutrality
of China and the localizing of hostili
ties. It seemed now that no other pow
er will be brought Into the conflict. In
that Russia would be benefited. If
France Were brought into the war on
the side of Russia, Great Britain would
be sure to follow on the side of Japan,
and Russia would be weaker with both
of these powers so aligned. There seemed
to be no conditions which could arise
which would bring Germany into the
struggle, but if Russia were attacked
by Great Britain there was a strong
impression that public opinion In
France would force that nation into
war on the side of Russia, no matter
how strongly indisposed the Govern
ment might be to risking conclusions.
The prevailing belief now. is that
Great Britain will be able to keep clear
of complications.
"What is thought of the suggestion
made by the. St. /Petersburg statement
that the Hay note really contributed to
the trend for peace ?" was asked.
ed to the note is proof that it' was for
the good of Russia, because both of
these nations are friendly to Russia
and would not give encouragement to
anything ' which could - have embar
rassed her even remotely."
WAR WILL. NOT SPREAD.
"It is puzzling to America to know
just what prompted this statement
from Russia. Perhaps too much im
portance was given it by putting* it on
the cable. It seems to be rather foolish
since the relations between this coun
try and Russia are so friendly and the
tension between the Russian and Amer
ican people is becoming less and less
annoying . because less noticeable.
There never was a moment when the
interests of Russia were threatened by
the note which Mr. Hay addressed to
the powers regarding the neutrality of
China. On the contrary, the interests of
Russia were well served by the sending
of the note. Mr. Hay was a true friend
of Russia. It is hoped that the effect
of the note and the assent of all *the
powers to the simple principle suggest
ed in it' will prevent China being
dragged into the war. That is surely to
the interest of Russia. The very fact
that both France and Germany assent-
WASHINGTON, March 9.— No offense
1b taken at the State Department at the
remarks of an anonymous Russian of
ficial cabled from St. Petersburg to the
effect that the diplomacy of Secretary
Hay is a "nightmare" to Europe, be
cause he acts so suddenly that there Is
no time for preparation for the shock,
and that a solution would be easy if
everybody knew what he stood for and
what he intended to do. Secretary Hay
undoubtedly regards the. statement
from the Russian capital as a compli
ment. He had no idea that the Im
portance of American diplomacy would
be so openly recognized. His face has
worn a broad smile to-day whenever
the subject was brought to his atten
tion. An official, a friend of Secretary
Hay, said to-night:
cept one and that one Is Mr. Hay. If
we knew what he stood for or what
tif intended to do the solution would be
easy."
SECRETARY HAY SMILES.
J5IT0RD SAILS TO-DAY
RIVER IS NOW FALLING
MILLIONAIRES OF NOTE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
More Than Million Dollars'
Worth of Property Is De
stroyed in Wyoming Valley
ALL SALOONS CLOSED
Portion of City Practically
Under Martial Law and
More Trouble Is Feared
Men of Wealth From East
Will Soon Be Enjoying
Existence in San Francisco
Inspector Sounds Alarm for
Presidio Troops, Who
Promptly Respond to Call
FLOOD SWEEPS
AWAY BRIDGES
GRAVE OUTLOOK
IN SPRINGFIELD
JOYOUS TIDINGS
FOR BELLBOYS
PRACTICE FIRE
DRILL AT POST
American Diplomacy Is Declared to Stand in the
Way of European Efforts to Prevent
Spreading of the War.
REMARKABLE STATEMENT FROM OFFICIAL SOURCE IN RUSSIA CRITICIZES SECRETARY HAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; MARCH 10, 1904.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 5 and 6.
Mikado's Troops Cross the Yalu River
¦ r
In accordance with the decision ren
dered in the Katz-Walkinshaw "per
colation" case,. the Supreme Court de
clared yesterday, thdt La Canada Land
and Water- Company of Los 'Angeles
had no right .to dig tunnels for the
purpose of divertlngwater from springs
which supplied Emily G. Cohen and
her family with the means to .quench
their thirstl It appears from the evi
dence that had the court decided other
wise the. Cohens would have had Uo
live without water or bring it from a
May Still 'Drink Water.
Jean Dwyer. the former acting prin
cipal of the South End School, who
was dismissed from the department
for mistreating a pupil and who filed
Fuit to recover her position on the
jrround that she had been remo\'ed by
the Board of Education without hav
ing been given a fair, legal and im
partial trial, lost her suit yesterday.
Judge Troutt, to whose court the case
was assigned, decided that the board's
action was a just one. The decision
was rendered on the teacher's motion
for a judgment on the pleadings of her
complaint.
¦
Jean Dwyer Loses Case.
An inventory of the documents in that section of the Ministry where the
man was employed was made, but none were missing.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of the newspaper Echo de
Paris says surprise is expressed in military circles there that France has
not yet contributed to the general staff the names of the French officers
who have been chosen to follow the operations in Manchuria. Germany is
sending three officers, (treat Britain two and Sweden and Norway one each
for this purpose. • •
YINKOW, March 10.— The families of Russian officials have departed.
Siege and field guns are- being mounted on the Chinese forts on the east
bank of the Liao River.
SEOUL, March 9. — A messenger of the Emperor of Korea was detained
by the Japanese at Chemulpo to-day because he was suspoced. to be
carrying an imperial letter to Pavloff,. recently Russian Minister at Seoul.
Pavloff was last reported at Shanghai.
WASHINGTON, March 9. — So much currency has been obtained In the
press by a story that the Emperor of Korea had married an American wo
man named Emily Brown that United States Minister Allen at Seoul has
been obliged to print identical replies to a number of women correspond
ents denying the truth of the story and declaring that there is no room in
Korea for foreign female nurses, governesses, companions and the like.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 9. — Captain Wada of the Japanese cavalry and
Lieutenant Ikada of the same service left here to-night on the Japanese
liner IyoMaru for Tokio on a summons from the Imperial Ministry of
War to take active service in the field. Both officers have been residents of
Victoria for two years."
5
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
AT THE TOP7
It is a laudable ambition to reach the top
of the ladder of success. But many a mar
who reaches the
topmost rnnf rWmk
finds his position -#w > V
a torment instead '<C/2
of a triumph. He J§§ |9L">£xjGi
has sacrificed his ip| _ ii JpSrjiLf \
health to success. «« SSraiMffltlk.
Araancaosuc- JBH »-* : '^'^i tjSi
ceed and be gm^ r ' "r. !^?---fr,' v lip3]fy^
strong if he hetds fl^H«i^»Tlr SSnl^
Nature's warn- r?\J kr^: 9 S "
injs. When there Q&3 M&'h?$ttl I
is indigestion, Y'M JR-V^sSSseM
loss of appetite, HI fli-''-"-J;" s 1
rin^inf in the uf B&- "icvi • § 1
ears, diiziress, . fy^mi ''¦!:-*§&im£ii&
spots before the fr^/TESHs kSJSJEh'
ejes or palpita-'Vy r : ""H|
tion of the heart ; n, I JhU
any or all of these army- J Hi
toms point to weakness BSSBmK f
and loss of nutrition. jjPSmffi J
Dr. Pieree's Golden Med- Jngr .&SH
ical Discovery is the — "THr ' ¦ : jffi
medicine to tarn to. ASoWffffT
Jj.ooo FORFEIT will be /BmmK
paid by the World's Dis- tigm KBa
pensary Medical Asso- =8E = fHF =:
ctation. Proprietors, Buf- Vm m j
falo, X. Y., if they cannot Mm
show the original signa- . €£".
tnre of the individual rolun- ~^fJM—
teeringf the testimonial below, «L
and also of the writers of every
testimonial among the thou-
sands which they are constantly publish-
ing:, thus proving their genuineness.
"For about two years I mt&rtd ftota a very
obstinate case of dyspepsia^ writes R. E. Secortf.
E»q.. of 13 Eastern Art., Toronto, Ontario* "I
tried a rreat number of remedies withoat suc-
cess. I finally lost faith in them alL X was so
far gone that I could not for. a Ion: time bear
any solid food in my stomach* felt melancholy
and depressed. Could not sleep nor follow my
occupation. Some four months ago a friend
recommended your 'Golden Medical Discovery.'
After a week's treatment I had derived so much
benefit that I continued the medidne. X hare
taken three bottles and am convinced it has
in my case accomplished a permanent cure. I
can conscientiously recommend it to the thou-
sands of dyspeptics throughout the land.*
The "Common Sense Medical Adviser,"
looB lar^e pages in paper covers, is sent free
on receipt of ax one -cent stamps to pay ex-
pense of nailing: only, Addrea* Be. JL V.
Pierce, Buffalo, K Y.3Irs. Susan P. Holmes Dead.
OAKLAND. March 9.— Mrs.' Susan
F. Holmes, aged 76 years, dled~yester
day at her residence, 702 Telegraph
avenue. The deceased leaves two chil
dren, a son, Dr. C. M. Holmes, and a
daughter, Mrs. Sprinkle, of this city.
BERKELEY, March 9— A celebration
in honor of Ireland's, patron saint will
be held on St. Patrick's day In Berke
ley. 1 1 the affair : to be given under the
auspices of St. Joseph's Church. George
A." Connelly, a noted Irish lecturer, has
been engaged to deliver the oration on
that day . -....:
Noted, Irishman to Speak.
Dr. William Lloyd Friedman U' on. his vay
home from Eurooe. where . he spent . the ' past
year In puraulng an advanced course in medi*
clrte in the colleges and hospitals ot England,
Germany and Austria " • .. v
OAKLAND, March 9.'— Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by George A.
Pierce of Fresno against Helen Pierced
who, he alleges, has deserted him
and Is now living in this city.
Culb*rt. Louine Trommlitz, Julia Zacharlas,
Clira Martin. , Eunice Currier. Thelma -Eit
fcldt. Tesslc Bechtal, Irma Kelly.* Catherine
DavU. VAdel Hobson. Mary Dent;; Ada - Fletcher
and Elsie Hammond. . .-." .
Alleges Desertion
OAKLAND, March 9. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Anthony F.
Lewis, '26, and Ruby L. Mason, 18,
both of Oakland; James S. Ruff," 31.
and Mary A. Brunns. 21, both of San
Francisco; Ralph Kyburg, 26, and
Mary Wilson, 31, both of San Fran
cisco.
Marriage Licenses.
Some time ago Mrs. Dias doffed her
widow's weeds to become Mrs. Joseph
Nevis. In an accounting- of her ad
ministration of her late husband's
estate filed to-day. 'with a petition for
a final distribution of the property, she
acknowledges the restrictive clause of
the will and only asks for her 'one
half, which, with /fees, amounts- to
JP236 20. The other half she aeks.to
fcave distributed to her children, • »
OAKLAND. March 9. — By her sec
ond marriage Mrs. Florida Dias-Nevis
has forfeited the right to one-half of
her first husband's estate, valued at
$15,000. By the will of Thomas G.
Dias he bequeathed "half of -his estate
outright to his wife and gave her the
other half under the condition that
she never remarry. If she 'did this
half was to be divided among their
five children.
Mre. Florida XcvJs Will Only Jie
eeive a Part of T. Dias' Tj£"
Property.
. Page has $500 cash bail on deposit
for his appearance in court.
. Mrs. Page is suing her husband for
a .divorce, her v term, of wedded bliss
counting less th sixty days.
"There will be no dismissal." de
clared his Honor. "This, is one of
those cases that cannot be settled so
easily. The trial is^sct " a re,mptorily
for. Friday, and I suggest that the de
fendant would better be on hand."
OAKLAND, March 9.^ — For the sec
ond time since his arrest on com
plaint of his young wife, aged Fred
erick Page, who styles himself a min
ing man, failed to appear for trial in
the Police .Court. Mrs. Page was on
hand before Police Judge Mortimer
Smith this morning, but the accused
husband was absent. His attorney
suggested that his client was not pres
ent because he thought the case would
be dismissed.
WILL NOT PEKMIT THE
DISMISSAL OF A CHARGE
LOSES HALF AN ESTATE
BY A SECOND MARRIAGE
OAKLAND, March 9.— J. W. Peter
son, a collector for the Puget Sound
Lumber Company, met with painful
injuries to-day by being thrown out
of a buggy at Twenty-third street and
San Pablo avenue. His scalp was laid
open and he was badly, shaken and
bruised. He Is 70 years of age. but
It. is believed has not sustained" fatal
injuries.
Has Narrow Escape.
OAKLAND, March 9. — Ernest Plo
ger, 1265 Eighth avenue, waa held up
by two men at the corner of Seventh
avenue and East Fourteenth street
shortly after 11 o'clock to-night and
robbed of a gold watch and 52. The
men were armed, but did not wear
masks.
¦ OAKLAND,. March 9.— The Alameda
vegetable gardeners were given, a
verdict against the Pyne Smelting
Company by Judge Ogden. this after
noon by his decision of a suit for an
injunction and damages brought " by
the gardepers, who alleged that the
gasesj. from the smelter ruined their
crops.* They # asked damages to the
extent of $31S0, but were g4ven but
$650. ' They, ( however, were granted a
permanent injunction until the chim
ney " of "the smelter has been raised
to the height of seventy-five, feet from
forty feet and certain alterations made
so , as,; to catch *. the gases - com
plained of. , .
The suit was. brought by City At
torney, Simpson of Alameda on behalf
of .a number of Italian gardeners do
ing business under the firm name of
the Alameda Vegetable Company.
Dr. II. Rozsas, Charged With Libel,
Expresses Satisfaction Over Co
incidence in Date.
OAKLAND, March 9.— Dr. H." Roz
sas, 84 years of age, pleaded not guil
ty this morning in the Police Court
to the charge of criminal libellodged
against him by William Knapp. Po
lice Judge Mortimer Smith set the
trial for March 24,' whereat the old
man smilingly declared:
"That suits me well, your Honor,
for it is my birthday." .
"Very well, we shall try you upon
your birthday," responded his Honor.
SETS TRIATj ON AGED
DEFENDANTS BIRTHDAY
ALAMEDA GARDENERS WIN
SUIT AGAINST SMELTEK
The fourth of the series of united
Lenten services was conducted at
Trinity Church this evening by Rev.
"William Carson Shaw.
OAKLAND, March 9. — Archdeacon
Webber, who is on .his way to take
charge of a mission in Honolulu, will
deliver an address at St. John's Epis
copal Church at 4:30 to-morrow after
noon. .:¦*'''. ••/.
Lenten Services.
OAKLAND, March . 9 v -*-Charlie
Fonjr, the Chinaman who was arrest
ed for keeping a disreputable house
on Eighth street under the guise of
a photograph gallery, will probably
escape the penalty for his crime. He
was sentenced by Police Judge Smith
of Oakland to t-erve six months in the
County Jail, bat to-day Attorney F.
L. Button, for Fong, produced the
Whitney act to show that the Police
Judges of Oakland could only sen
tence criminals to the City Prison.
There is also a decision of the Su
preme Court which gays that Police
Judges of Oakland can only sentence
criminals for misdemeanor crimes to
the City Prison.
Judge Hall said that he considered
that Mr. Button's point was well tak
en arid that Fong would have to be
reJeased, but he gave District Attorney
Allen until to-morrow to look the
matter up.
Cliariie long, Notorious Chinaman.
Takes Advantage of Technical
ity in (he Laiv.
MAY ESCAPE PAVING THE
PENALTY tX)R HIS. CRIME
OAKLAND, March 9.— Father and
babe in the same casket, both having
died upon the same day, was the af
fecting and unusual condition that sur
rounded the funeral of Valentine Dah
ler, aged 43 years, and Marguerite
Dahler, aged 10 months, which took
place to-day. Dahler died on Monday
night, and within an hour after his
demise the baby passed away as well,
leaving the widowed mother with one
child to mourn her double loss.
Mr. Dahler was prominent in the Ger
man colony and in several orders, in
cluding the Oakland Verem Eintracht,
the Foresters of America, the Frater
nal Order of Eagles and others. He
had so many friends that it was de
cided to hold the funeral from Germa
nia Hall under the auspices of the
Verein Eintracht, assisted by the other
orders of which he was a member. The
peculiarly sad conditions that surround
ed the double death brought out an
unusual number of those who were
anxious to show for the dead the warm
friendship they had for him in life.
The services were conducted by the
Rev. C. Watson of the German Evan
gelical Church, who paid a touching
tribute to the dead father, who lay be
side his dead daughter In the same
coffin. ;• '¦
Valentine Dahler and His Little
Daughter Buried in the
Same Casket.
FATHER AND BABE ARE
LiAID TO REST TOGETHER
The copy of a second will made by
the late Fabrizlo :Nigro, who died a
few days ago, leaving an estate valued
at about $500,000, was filed for probate
late this afternoon by Attorney Charles
F. Hanlon of San Francisco on behalf
of Francisco Albert! and Domencio A.
Albert!, who are nominated as trustees
of the estate for the purpose of man
aging the same until all the indebted
ness^ has been paid off. Special men
tion is made of a mortgage held by
the Hibernia Bank on the Poodle Dog
restaurant property at Mason and Eddy
streets, San Francisco, which* Nigro
was anxious to have paid off before
the estate should be distributed.
This will was witnessed by Attorney
Charles Hanlon and Dr. Mario A. Rossi.
The original has been lost and the
copy filed Is one that some of the par
ties Interested in the estate haU pre
served. It was made In 1901, while the
one filed a few days ago was made
in November, 1903. Within two months
after he made the second will, . how
ever, Nigro was declared incompetent
to manage his own affairs and it will
be contended that he was not of sound
mind when he made the first one.
If a successfulconteBt can.be made
against the last will the prior one will
then be presented as his real, desire
as to the disposition of his property.
Nigro states in his first will that he
married in 1875, and that since that
time he had not accumulated more than
$2000 by his own exertions, and for this
reason asserts that the' property is his
own individual property. He sat and
watched his estate grow by adding the
interest to the prlnclpal'in the form of
improvements, until it assumed mag
nificent proportions. In this will, with
ah eye to the, economy he had % main
talned throughout his life, he "leaves
j his widow and adopted daughter, Made
leina Gordon, $25 a month each and $50
a year each for clothes. If they should
I decide to live apart, then .they are to
i be allowed what the trustees shall con
| sider proper.' They are eventually, how
; ever, to get the estate the same as
i it is. given .to them in the second will. 1
In; the last V/Ill tl\ere Is no provision
for trustees and mother and, adopted
daughter are appointed executrices and
! share the estate between them.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 9.
Two Documents Now on File,
Each Purporting to Dis
pose of $500,000 Estate
OAKLAND, March 9.— Edith Larsen,
a 16-year-old girl, tried to throw her
self on the track in front of the Berke
ley local train at Golden Gat^ last
night at the very spot where her father
was killed a year ago. She was drag
ged back by Policeman Hall and taken
to her mother's house on Fifty-seventh
street. The train was approaching at
the time and the girl was fiat upon the
rails when discovered.
The Larsen family has been In rather
straitened circumstances since the
death of Mr. .Larsen. The mother has
bravely struggled along with the aid
of Edith, her eldest daughter, and the
only one of the children able to work,
and when her child was returned to
her after so narrow an escape she be
came very, much excited and almost
collapsed.
Edith Larsen has been a hard work
ing, dutiful daughter, but It is feared
that her father's death at this spot
may have had some effect upon her
mind.
DRAGGED OFF THE KAILS
IN TT3EE TO SAVE LIFTS
OAKLAND. March 9. — William
Dodd was, married February 28, but
his honeymoon has been rudely "inter
rupted by T. A. Griffin, landlord of the
Gridley House, 1640 Seventh street,
who has had the bridegroom cast into
jail on a charge of defrauding an inn
keeper. Griffin asserts that shortly
before the wedding Dodd quietly
sneaked out of the hotel with his per
sonal and forgot to settle a
bill of $70. In view of.Dodd's plight
he was' released on his own recogniz
ance. ¦ • . i •
Griffin fell foul of Tolice Judge
Samuels this mornfng in the- case of
one Gebor Santo, who had also been
arrested on j Griffin's complaint and
charged"with defrauding him of $30.
The landlord went into court to-day
and asked for the dismissal of the
Santo case, saying a settlement had
been made.
Judge , Samuels was compelled to
dismiss the case, but he assessed the
court'eosta to Griffin and grilled the
landlord for turning the Police Court
into a collection agency. . ..
Landlord Griffin of West Oakland
Claims "Former <2uest Decamped
on Eve of Wedding Day.
NIGRO LEAVES
A SECOND WILL
DISTURBS HOXKYMOOX
BY ARREST OF BRIDEGROO3I
PRESIDENT AND SECRE
TARY OF ALAMEDA AD
VANCEMENT ASSOCIATION.
Two of the alleged assailants are
not known to Robinson. He says he
threw the men out of a saloon a year
ago and they threatened to wait until
they could even up scores.
The bartender says the men, after
thumping him with their fists, at
tacked him with a cane. Robinson
was found senseless, lying on the side
walk a block from his home, to which
he was taken by passers by. He was
seriously injured.
OAKLAND, March 0.— XV. C. Rob
inson, an Emeryville bartender, has
sworn to complaints charging five
men with having inveigled him from
his home in that town last Saturday
and beaten him into insensibility. Lee
Murphy, Joseph Sullivan and William
Brown were before Justice of the
Peace Coburn this morning and the
cases were continued a week, as Rob
inson's condition prevented him from
appearing.
Seriously Injured by, Five Men That
Enticed Him Away From
"Home at Night.
BARTENDER BEATEX
hv ; INTO. INSENSIBILITY
It is expected that reports from some
of the committees setting forth work
to be done at once will be presented.
A communication was read irom the
ladles of the civic section of the Adel
phlne Club asking the co-operation of
the association in arranging for an ar
bor day.
ALAMEDA, March 9.— The Alameda
Advancement Association to-night
launched a movement for a new era in
the Enclnal City. The association com
pleted its organization, made its officers
permanent, appointed its committees.
President George W. Scott outlined a
little of the work that is to be under
taken and the people of the right little
tight little island made up their minds
to forge ahead with the rest of the east
ern side of the bay.
The Alameda Advancement Associa
tion has the hearty support of every
prominent citizen in Alameda. It has
almost assumed an official standing in
Alameda, and the City Trustees turned
the City Hall over to it for its meeting.
A temporary organization has been In
charge, but to-night everything was
completed, with the following officers
made permanent: George W. Scott,
president; George E. Plummer. vice
president; Elmer E. Johnson, general
secretary, and George Sturtevant, fin
ancial secretary.
President Scott announced the ap
pointment of the following committees:
Publicity and promotion. Edward R.
Anthony, G. E. Plummer and : Dr. F.
W". d'Evelyn; public affair*, Charles S.
Xeal, Philip S. Teller and J. J. Konigs
hofer; ; auditing, George H. Murdock
and David Hirschfeld; advisory, George
H. Mastick, E. J. Holt, B. C. Brown, T.
G. Daniells, G. A. Moore, Frank Otis,
David Hirschfeld and G. F. Weeks. Ad
dressing the assemblage President
Scott outlined the work before them,
saying:
"The directors of this association de
sire that every member take an active
interest in its objects. We want sug
gestions on any matter that pertains to
the promotion of the good of Alameda,
and we want them in writing. When we
find out what Is required to be done for
our fair city It will be our. duty to
do it."
Others who spoke were E. R. An
thony, Charles S. Neal, C. R. Smith, E.
D. Judd, G. L. Fitz and George Renner.
M5«s Ruth 'Hammond entertained a party of
her little friends < last evening at the home of
her parenta. Mr. and Mrs. C. J* Hammond
2125 Pwcific avenue, in honor of her thirteenth
birthday. Among the young guests were Julia
-ALAMEDA. March fl.—Carita Chapter No.
115. Order of the Eastern Star, celebrated the
twelfth -anniversary of its organization In the
Mafonlc Temple to-night. Many visitors from
outside Maeonic fraternities were present. The
officers of Carit* Chapter who arranged the
affair were Mary A. Holtz. worthy matron;
M. E Galnes. worthy patron; Elizabeth May
Sheeran. associate matron; Magdeline A. Nob
mann. secretary; Theresa J. Strong, treasurer;
Laura Scott McQuesten. conductress; Amy
Pearl McFarland. associate conductr^s; _Ma>-y
Murray Heidt. Adah: Lilla Gertrude Forderer
Esther* 1 Wilhelmlne Leydecker, Martha: Mary
Hart Lcland. Electa; Mar)e.p. Christenten
chaplain; Elizabeth Arthur. Webber, marshal;
Caro Mae McFarUnd, organist; Alice J
Combs warden; John Henry Nobmann, sen
tinel. - . -, -
BERKELEY. March 9.— Mrs. Henry Schnoor
of 2927 Hearst avenue gave a birthday party
on Saturday last in honor of- her 1 son. Luke
Albert Schnoor. who was one year old on that
day. There were other mothers there and
every one of them brougrht an infant, so that
there was fun for everybody. Among the in
fant* present were the following named: The
Micpe* Florence Manning. Delia Gilbert, Ruth
KaluF; Masters L« Roy Cummlngs, James
Bailey. James Harrison. Ernest Myers, Merwin
Geary, Harry liadget, Louis Kaius. Walter
Kropp. Reynold Foes, Allen Atkinson.
Mrs. Andrew Young recently entertained a
number of friends at. hex home. 2437 FJftli
strett. Music, d3nclrg and singing were
among the features of the entertainment. The
guests' were Mr. ana Mr*. J. 'A. John»on of
Kacramento. Mrs. A. L. Young fir.. Mr. and
Sire. Goodfleld. Mr. and Mrs. Albsrt Barker,
Mr. and Mrt>. J. E. Mallo. ; the Misses Grace.
Lulu and Linda Ema vista. Rita and Emma
Mallo, Joanette Young. Sadie Nixon. Bertha
Roller of Ban Francisco. Nellie and Louise
Barker. J. A. Emavtsta. 31. E. Hiagera. John
Beuna, Charles Sweetnian. J. A: Lennon and
Harry Clark.
ALAMEDA, March 9.— Ml** Ethel M. Bar
b»r «nl Christopher W. Chapman were wedded
last evening at the home of the bride's par
ent*. Mr. end Mrs. Arthur H. Barber, 1S01 Kan
Antonio, avenue. Rev. E. P. Dennett of the
Firtt Methoditt Episcopal Church officiating.
The only attendants were two little flower
girl*. The parlor in which the c»remony wa»
rxrfprmf'd wa« decorated in festoons of smilax
and lilies. A reception followed the marriage.
Mr. and Mrs. Chapman will spend their heney
jnoca in Fouth^rn California and will make
-th^ir future hom* fn thlir city.
. Information ha» reached here of the engage
m;nt of Arthur Allen. «on of Mr. and Mrs. L
P. Allen, and Mls» Katharine Bolton of Chi
cago.' The marriage Is to occur thla month at
Manila, where the groom-elect ic engaged in
the rhlpbuildlnj lnduetry- _ The prospective,
tirl^e is now in Manila, the guest of Mr«. J.
A. Egbert, widow of the late. Colonel Egbert of
ttie. United State* army. Mr. Allen is a grad
uate of the Al&meda High School and toe
State University.
The marriage <>f Robert Lindacher of San
LuIb Obl«ro to Miss Agnes C. Cunnlff. daugh
ter of the late John Cunr.tff cf Oakland, was
rolemnijsed to-day at San Luis Oblspo, Rev.
Father V. Aguiiera officiating.
The old Monday Whin Club has changed
its dav of meeting to Friday and will be en
tertained this week by Mrs. A. L. Adams.
* * . *
Mrs. Gordon M. Stolp will be chairman of
thr- day at Ebvll next Tuesday, when mvmbers
of the voice culture section will have the
prcgrnmnie in charge. A dramatic recital will
be given by Mrs. Carrie Fross Snyder. assisted
by Mm. Carrie Brown Dexter, goprano, and
Mijs Estelle Drummond, w>preno.
The patrons««-s of the Friday Xlght Club
are Mrs. T- C. Coogan, Mrs. E. M. Walsh,
Mrs. D. H. Math*», Mrs. J. F. Sims, Mrs. W
S. Godfeiiow, Mrs. M. W. Kales. Mrs. Q. A.
Cham: and W. H. Chlckerthg.
Reed Hall will be attractively decorated and
the fjnper table* will, as usual, be placed in
the Ebell clubroom*. downstairs.
To inture the comfort of the dancers, the
guest list will Le limited and will be closed
at «n early date.
- The* cir »ing party of the Friday Xlght Club —
on April l&-^-promis*s to be the mout brilliant
? vent 'ever planned by this select and delight
ful club of young people. It is to be a domino
«Jance. and the patronesses have decided to
eparp no efforts to mak<? it the most enjoyable
and elaborate affair of the season.
¦ • ¦ • ' •
The first social affair to take place In the
ntw headquarters of the Home. Club will be
riven by the children of the cottages in the
littlr community eptabllsht-d by Mrs. F. ¦ M.
Smith. Nearly forty children will participate
in a'rsntata entitled "The Flower Queen or
the Coronation of the Rose." It is being pre
pared under the direction or Miss Florence
Nightingale, and the children will be assisted
by Mi*s Marion Smith and Miss May Coogan.
Master Theodore Frau-Muller will give
several self-ctiotiE on the violin.
The audience will include the members of the.
Hub— which now numbers about 3(X> — and a
lew invited guests.
At the close of the programme refreshments
will t>e served to entertainers and entertained,
and everybody concerned Is anticipating an
enjoyable afternoon.
to further ih-» pro>»ct Df establishing a Ha
walUn ocholarshiD at 51I!le College. Kapio
lani was the name of a native princess who
*-rcibra;-ed Christianity, and to prove h^r faith
<i*-S^d the Goddecs of Volcano by eolng down
into the crater at Kllauea. Her memoir is
hold tn sreat veneration in the islands, and
the student* at Mills, deemlne their cause a
most wcrthy one, njmM the club in her honor.
Th» *»nt«-rtainm«nt will b r 2in at 7:3<> liriday
"vetiJnit. " and residents of Oakland who wish
u> attend can taki- tbe car which leaves' Sev
enth and AVashinston streets about 6:2i>.
OAKLAND, March !».— An interesting enter
tainment if' t-eingr planned by tho Kapiolani
Club of Mills College, to take place at the col
lege iifxt Friday evening. The programme
will be Hawaiian in character, and promises
to be at once j>les*lng and instructive. The
fsrao'if Hawaiian Oufntrt will sins and play
th<»ir rative airs during the ov«-nins. and some
vf-ry fin« Mm cf the. islands will be shown by
mears of a ptrreotitieon. Around the hall will
be booths, typical of Hawaii, and containing
artiebs of naltve wcrk and curios, which will
he for sale.
The K.iii' :.ir i C!ub is composed of eighteen
ladies, students «t Mills. whos-» homn are in
Honolulu. Their vurjxsj in organizing was
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Cqptain Henry de H. Walte. commander of
the cadet regiment, has ordered the pronrotion
of the following etudent soldiers to the follow
ing places: E. V. Dodge, first lieutenant. Com
pany A, First -Regiment; 51. V. Lowly, first
lieutenant, band; F. P. Vlekery. second lieu
tenant. Company A, Second Regiment; C H.
Lee. second lieutenant. Company B, Second
Regiment; C. A. Houghton, second, lieutenant,
Company H, Second Regiment; A. F. Menzei,
gecend lieutenant. Company C, Second Regi
ment; E. P.- Abenhetm. ¦ captain, signal de
tachment; R. E. Tuttle.- first lieutenant, signal
detachment; L. A. Steinfeld. second lieutenant,
signal detachment; H. A. Case, second lieu
tenant, artillery detachment.
The military ball has been postponed from
March 25 to April 8 in order to comply with
the wishes of a number of students who ob
jected U> the affair being held during L#nt.
The varsity basket-ball team defeated the
San Francisco V. M. C. A. team Monday even
ing at the courts of the San Franciscans, the
pcore being .11 to 22. Force and Ferjruson sus
tained the honors for California. ' The other
members of the team were W. J. MungTOve,
D. M. Evans, S. V. Koch and T. P. Wherry.
The Glee Club has accepted the invitation o»
the Women's Improvement Club of Napa to
sing at Nar-a on Friday evening. The follow
ing mornlns the club will sing for the benefit
of the inmates of the "insane asylum. .
BERKELEY, March 9. — The proceeds of the
baseball game between the varsity and St.
Marv's College teams on Saturday, March 19,
will be turned ovr to Catcher Poultney of St.
Mary's, whose, leg was broken While playing
against the varsity last Saturday at Stanford.
ThiB was decided upon la«t night at the meet
ing of the executive committee of the Asso
ciated Students.
Scott Hendrickn, president of the senior class,
has taken the first steps for the permanent
organization of the clas=s by naming a com
mittee to make the necessary arrangements.
The committee is composed of J. T. Neighbor,
Irving Metzlcr, E. K. Kilgore and Oeorge
Stalder.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Smith had beeri^on the section only
for a few weeks, and started out on his
railroad velocipede to make his regular
inspection through the canyon. He ex
pected to make the trip through the
canyon before the Livermore local could
arrive at Sunol, where he would pass
that train. There were no regular east
bound trains due at that time. Think
ing only of the Livermore train, to
protect which he was making his trip
at that early hour, he did not expect an
engine behind him, while the frequent
and sharp curves in the canyon pre
vented his hearing its approach. Before
Engineer Hahn could 'shut off steam
and before Smith could jump from his
machine the engine struck his veloci
pede and hurled it into the air. Smith
died in a few moments and the body
was removed to Niles, where an in
quest will be held.
Frank Smith, a track repairer for the
Southern Pacific Company, was killed
by a light engine in Niles Canyon,
about a mile east of the town of Niles,
this morning.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 9.
Charles Wright and Robert Wreden.
burglars, who shot John D. O'Brien, a
Call reporter, in San Francisco and
were captured, are the men who plun
dered the California House, Sixth street
and Broadway, several nights ago and
escaped by 'lowering themselves out of
a window by a blanket rope. A mack
intosh was found in a room the pair
occupied and was identified as having
belonged to one of the pair. They have
admitted their guilt. Both men have
been held for trial in San Francisco on
charges of burglary and assault tc
murder.
Though the winter crop of burglaries
and general crime has been late in
Oakland it is none the less disturbing
to the police department, where the rec
ordyof a varied assortment of depreda
tions is swelling daily. * '
The Golden Gate district, which has
been overrun with the burglars and
was the scene of a murderous pistol
shooting at Policeman A. J. Hall by
surprised thugs, keeps to the forefront.
Early this morning a pair of burglars
were heard at work while trying to
break into Mrs. A. Leberge's residence,
5864 Fremont street. Edward Leberge,
IS years old, a son of Mrs. Leberge, waa
aroused by his mother, who had beeu
awakened.
The boy went to a window and saw
two men there. He rushed back to get
a pistol and when the plucky youth re
turned one of the men had gone to a
basement window. Young Leberge
flung open the upstairs window and
began to shoot. Both of the burglars
fled and did not stop to return the flre.
The police were notified to-day about
the occurrence.
Walter Carr, residing at Seventh and
Franklin streets, has reported to th2
police that he was enticed into a cheap
ledging-house at Ninth and Franklin
streets Monday night by two men who
robbed him of $5.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 9.
Velocipede Struck by Engine
That Approached From Be
hind Without Warning
Murderous Thugs Captured
in San Francisco Admit
They Sobbed in Oakland
Ottille Fleischhauer (wife of Charles H,> to
Robert Hair.ke. lot on S liner of Pacific avewie.
200 W of Fifth (Second) avenue. W 5<> by 3
150. being portion of Chipman We«t 111-acra
tract. Alameda: 110.
James B. and Bertha DonnoUy to Daniel T.
and Ly.ii.i A. Blethroad, lot en W line of
Milyia street, 1C0 N* of Virginia, X TO by W
133, lot 10. block A. Eureka Homestead, Berk*,
ley; flO. -
J. C. and Mary E. McMulIen to Sarah J.
Allen, lot en W line of Arch street, 4O S of
Rose. S fO. W 134:7. >f 12O. E 44:7. S 4O. E »«>.
lets 25 and 24 and portion lots 21 and 22, block
1. map resubdi vision of portion of p!at of T.
M. Antisell's Villa Lots. Berkeley; flO.
A. S. and Mabel E. White to San Francisco
Saving? Union. MS D. 2Sf», on N line of Eag'n
ttrcet. 42 E of Willow. E 42 by N 150. block
IB. map lands adjacent to Encical. Alameda;
deed of surrender. $10.
II. P. and Laura E. Nelson to Hr.rriet R.
Mushet (wife of William E. ). lot on N- line of
IVrby street. 10S.SO W of Grove. W 5O by M
120.4O. *rt 14, block H, map cf Crystal Spring
Tract, Berkeley: $1(*>.
San Francisco Savings Union to Catherine
G. Opensha-.v (widow), lot beginning at point
on NE line of strip 113 feet wide of South
Pacific Coast Railroad Company known as
Enclnal avenue, distant 50o SK from s<E High
street, PE oO by NE 1U». lot 11 Hirschfeltl
Tract. Alameda; I15CO.
Sarah E. Hendrkka (single) to Carlo* P.
Griffin, let en W line of Cypress street, 40 3
of Tenth, S 40 by \V 55, block 53l\ map of
Elghth-«treet tract, Oakland; $10.
J. C. ana Mary E. McMulten to Frank H.
Adams, lot en SW corner of Kose and Arch
streets, S 40 by W 9O. being portion of lots
21 and 22, block I, map of ressiMlvision of
portion of Dlat of T. M. Antisell"* villa lot*.
Berkeley; $10.
Katharine V. Khnkner (executrix estate of
Charles A. Klinki.en to E. T. Keyser. lots 14.
15 and 1. block 3, Herzog Tract, Golden Gata,
Oakland; $C5O. /-
Jacob OoCyer to Jennie S. Collins, lot on
E line of Twenty-first street. 600 "W from
Twenty-fourth avenue. W SO by S 100. block
H, Fifty Associates Tract. East Oakland: gift.
Reese and Florence Clark to Mary E. Byter,
lot on N line of Prince streut. 3<» XV cf Ray
mond. W 100 by N ICO. being portion of Iocs
1« to 19. blcck A, map of part of Woolwy
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Joseph and Mary Kr»cek to Jame* T. Fester,
lot on NW corner of Bonion avenue and Tenth
street, W 50 by N 140, lot 1, block E, map of
Kllnknerville Tract. Oakland; ?1O.
Emily K. Latham (wldow> to Mrs. R. Low
(wife of James B.>. lot 1". block H. maj
Latham Terrace, deed ard ajr^ement, Cast
Oakland; fit).
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9.
Mary L. Swain (widow) to Mary U Corbett.
lot on SE corner of Vine and Mtlvia streets,
S 45 by E »»!. lot 14, map of subdivision plan
of Spragu* & S\rain property, block 7. Graves
* Taylor Tract, warranty deed, Berkeley;
*1&Tm>.
Francesco Galli (quondam Glovacchino> and,
FrMa Galli to Francesco Gall! (quondam
Kaffaello). lot beginning at point 83.91 from
SE corner of Alcatraz avenue and School
street, thence along said line of School «tr»et.
SSOby E 1»h>, lot '•>, block U. same map. Oak
lard; ?1<>.
Pacific Coast Dredsrlaff and Reclamation Com
pany (a corporation) to George Sterling, lot
on SW corner of Twenty-second and Klrlthara
streets. W .33:6 toy S ICO. block U25. Board
man's map. Oakland: also lot on SE corner ot
Twenty-second and Kirkham etreeta. E 230 by
S 10O. blcck 624. same map, Oakland: also lot
on SW corner of Twenty-second and Union
streets S 1(0 by W 2.M>, block 623. same map,
Oakland: also lot on SE corner of Twenty-sec
ond and Union streets. S 135 by E 48:6. bloc*
i'--. same map. Oakland: $10.
Mary A. and Ernest Hammaa to Minni*
Hamman (mother), lot on N line of Fourteenth
street. SO W of Harrison. "W* 4t> by N 103,
Oakland; sift.
Francesco Gall! Quondam Raffaello) ana
Frida Oallt (quondam Giovacchlno) to Fran
cesco GalU (quondam G!ovacehir.o>. lots 8 ar<i
ft. block V, map N'o. 3. Roberta & Wolfskin
Tract, Oakland: $10.
A. R. Sr. ami Henrietta Denko to Otto an*
Susanca Theis lot on SW corner of FlttS*
street and Haight avenue. W 110 by S 48, por
tion of same, Alameda; $10.
Alameda County.
TUESDAY. MARCH 8.
Rose A. Dolan (single) to A. R. Dwike Sr..
lot on SW corner of Fifth street and Haight
avenue, \V 111) by S 1C8, portion Chipman West
Tract, Alair.eda: $10.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
tion of the town would have been
wiped out. As it was, the residences
of Mrs. F. Bunce. Town Clerk J. H.
Neai and Mr. Herrer were damaged
to some extent, and it was only by
the hardest kind of work that the lo
cal fire department saved them from
total destruction.
The flames were first discovered in
one of the Kolb warehouses, and be
fore the arrival of the fire department
the blnzo had already spread to the
other two. Mr. Kolb says that early
last night he drove several tramps
away from the warehoures, refusing
to allow them to sleep there, and he
expresses the belief that they set the
warehouse nn fi rp f or revenge.
[PLEASANTON. March 9. — Three
large warehouses owned by Philip
Kolb ar.d containing large quantities
of hay and barley and a barn owned
by Mrs. A. D. Cutter, located in the
center cf the business district of Pleas
anton, were destroyed by a fire which
broke out about 2 o'clock this morn
ing. • The total loss amounted to near
ly $20,000, and had it not been for the
fact that no wind was blowing at the
time of the fire the entire central por-
Loser of Property Thinks
Buildings Were Fired by
Some Revengeful Tramps
HOMES. BABELY ESCAPE
THROWN INTO THE AIR
GIRDLE'S BEGOBD GB0WS
31 en Working at Blocks
Take .Chances With Em
ployers and Escape Lockout
— - . ? — ¦ —
MANY SHOPS AFFECTED
Troubles Between Capita]
and Labor in the Meat In
dustry Extend to Berkeley
*
Berkeley OfEc* San Francisco Call,
" fKh Center Strevt. March $.
The- trouble between the journeymen
union butchers and their employers
spread ir.to Berkeley to-day and as' a
result n«ir!y all of the fcurtceii- shops
ia th« citv were more or less affected
by the movement. There was no dis
turbance ot any kind, however, and
but far the empty aypcarance of some
of the shops! r.o one would know that
a struggle between capital an<l labor
was going on. The feature of the day
wa* the renunciation of the union by
the men in two shfps.
In *orr»e of tb^ larger markets some
arrangement!* lor handling ciders had
been made in anticipation <>f a loss of
¦workers at the block and on the wagon.
but even so the la^k of xr.^n was a
serious drawback for these places, and
*-ierk& i?r.a nutfldrrs wejersf musierf-il
intu the deliver}' department. The
greatest incunver.ience was suffered by
cuf loineit?, vho in most cases, were
compelled to per.d to the markets ior
their supplies.- _
Five men aurt th<* blocks at Sam
son* market on Shattuck avenue, the
largest in the city. These men were
notified bv the Samson brothers, tlvi
proprietors, that they could not work
for them -and at the same time retain
membership in the. union. The men
had the ult'Tr:ati:m under consideration
from Saturday until to-day, when they
d'Mded to stand with their union.
"The relations between me and th=?
men are verv friendly." said Samson
this afternoon. "Some of them havc
been with me for a long time and I did
not want to lose tlu-m. I gave them
notice Saturday night of my inten
tion to discharge them and to-day they
decided for themselves by withdrawing
from my employ."
Three m»»a at the Liberty Market
on Shattuck avenue preferred to re
nounce their union rather than their
employer?. They were presented with
the ultimatum of quitting the union or
their jobs by Fischel & Bauml, their
employers, last Saturday and took it
under consideration until to-day when
they decided to . stand by their jobs.
Two are blockmcn and one a wagon
driver. These defections from the
ranks of the union men are the first
that have occurred in Berkeley.
"The men have been working for me
a long time," said Charles Fischel of
the firm. "zrA decided to stay rather
than take the chances of being locked
but for a Ions time. They settled the
whole thing by withdrawing from the
union."
At the Brighton Market the single
union man working alongside several
non-union men decided to cast his lot
with his present employer?.
Frank Esmond's one union butcher
at North Berkeley decided to stay with
his union and was locked, out. One
man at Pr trick Oleirc's was forced out
for the same reason, ag were also four
men at J. A. Blersch's market on
Dwigbt way. All of the other mar
kets lost one or two men.
OAKLAND, March ». — Conditions in
th~ butchers' trouble in Oakland have
not, changed greatly. Vincent's "mar
ket, which supports the union, wa?
able to secure a new supply of meat
to-day, and hopes to be able to keep
<yp(n tor a while at least. The shops
that oppose the union are in full oper
ation and claim to be working with
full hands. The delivery of meat has
been resumed. • ¦ .
Fierce Blaze Causes a Loss
of $20,000 and Endangers
the Town of Pleasanton
Pair of Prowler^ at Work
in Golden Gate 3Iade Tar
gets for a Boy ? s Pistol
Frank Smith, a Southern
Pacific Track Repairer, Is
Killed in Niles Canyon
¦ . ~ ¦ ¦'
Form an Advancement Association Through Which
Residents of the Island Town Hope to Promote
Prosperity of Pretty Suburb Across the Bay
BUTCHERS QUIT
THEIR UNIONS
WAREHOUSES
ARE BURNED
MEETS DEATH
ON THE RAIL
BURGLARS SHOT
AT BY YOUTH
CITIZENS OF ALAMEDA ORGANIZE
FOR IMPROVEMENT OF THE CITY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY. MARCH 10. 1904.
6
ADVEBTISZMENTS.
Inflamed Gums treated
And cured. Loose teeth strength-
ened! Diseased conditions of the
mouth made healthy.
Extraction -Free. Painless Meth-
ods. Cleaning Free. Grad-
§ uates Only.
Week days, 9 to 9; Sundays. 0 to 1.
POST-GRADUATEDENTAL COLLEGE
San Traneiaco— 3 Taylor street.
OaiUnd — 973 Wtshlnfftoa Street. -
.San Jose — 45 East Ssmta Cl^ja Strait.
Sacramento — 407 J Stxctfc
Telephone* North 11.
ALAMKDA.
1435 Pnrk Street.
Telephone Eagle 503.
OAKLAND.
1118 Brqadwny.
Telephone 3Ialn 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTYDrink broke up what should have
been a happy home and ended the
life of Nathan L. Jackson last Toes
day night at 776 O'Farrell street.
Jackson was found dead in his bed
yesterday morning, suffocated by illu
minating gfcs. Two of the burners on
the gas fixture in the room were
turned fully on. A rug had been
stuffed under the bottom of .the door
to prevent the gas from escaping into
the hallway. In the room were sev
eral notes written in pencil by the
Euicide, but the handwriting was so
irregular as to be undecipherable.
Jackson . was a carpenter and ar
rived here from Jackson County.
Kans., a few weeks ago. In his pos
session was a copy of a summons and
complaint for.'divorce filed in the''Cir
cuit •Court of that county and com
manding him to be present In court
next April and answer the suit. The
complaint charges him with drunken
ness, neglect, cruelty and failure to
provide for his wife, Katherlne Jack
son.
His Wife Sacs for Divorce and He
Kills Himself While in a De
spondent Mood.
Robert M. Emith disappeared from
his home in Oakland February 24,
since which day he has not been
heard of. The laet seen of him -was
in the afternoon of the same day,
when he went to Wasoington-street
wharf, where he got a pas« to go to
Stockton- Inquiry shows he did not
•jse the pass. He vra« a teamster by
occupation and at the time of his dis
appearance wag in the employ of Ra
drr's Express Company. He was sec
retary of the Teamsters' Union and
ii member of the L O. O. F. and wore
badges of both these orders.
No reason can be assigned for his
absence from his home at 479 Hobart
street, where he has a wife and child.
His family relations were happy. He
has a brother and sisters residing In
this city.
Well Known Teamster Leaves Wife
and Child. Who Cannot Account
for His Absence.
R. M. SMITH DISAPPEARS
FROM HOME IX OAKLAND
beth McGinn on the ground of deser
tion by Judge Seawell. McGinn was
married In 1ST8. His wife left him In
1S92.
Decrees of divorce were also granted
to Benjamin F. Blasher from Jessie C-
Blasher for desertion, Amos Wohlan
der from C. J. Wohlander for cruelty
and Virginia C. Cosby from W. A.
Cosby for neglect.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Mabel E. Van Loan is entitled to
have the custody of her minor son.
Tb.e child's paternal grandmother and
grandfather claimed the right to bring
up the little, boy through a decree se
cured three years ago in the Superior
Court of Tulare County.
Mother Secures Gnardlanship.
United States Court Commissioner
Heacock yesterday continued the ex
amination of Frederick A. Hyde and H.
P. Dimond until March 22. The proceed
ings are under an indictment by the
Federal Grand Jury of Washington. D.
C-, for defrauding the Government by
manipulating lieu lands scrip.
Hyde and Dimond Case Continued.
SACRAMENTO, March 9.— Mrs! L. T.
Allee, wife of a prominent druggist
whose home faces Capitol Park, is the
second woman to be attacked by a
daylight robber within
hours, the home ot Mrs. R. E. Cran
ston being the scene of a similar oc
currence at noon yesterday. Mrs. Al
lee was in the rear part of the house
when she heard a noise In the dining
room. She walked forward and dis
covered a man In the very act of filling
a bag with her cut glass^and rfllver
ware. She screamed with" fright an!
the burglar dropped the bag and rush
ing toward the door where Mrs. Alice
stood struck her a blow on the fore
head •» hich had the effect of felling
her to the "floor. Her cries awakened
the neighborhood and a search was
made for the burglar, but without suc
cess. The police give little credence
to Mrs. Allee's story, but it is corrob
orated by Charles Dorsey. a batter
ii aker, who, while driving past the
hoase, saw the burglar rush out and
bourd a street car. He is believed to
be the game criminal who escape!
fmm Mrs. Cranston's home with about
JiCO in money and Jewelry yesterday.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Orlando Macy filed a suit for the
annulment of his marriage to Sarah
A. Macy. He claims that In October.
1893. when she -became his wife at Wa
bash. Ind.. she had a husband living
from whom she had never been di
vorced, is
James McGinn, the undertaker, waa
granted a divorce from Mary Eliza-
Stanley L. Meyers of 1262 O'Farrell
street has applied for a div.orce from
Lulu Meyers on the ground of cruelty.
He alleges that she beat him on the
head with an. umbrella; that she threat
ened to take his life with a butcher
knife, and that she once threw a plate
at him. He says further that only a
short time ago, when he went to his
home after a hard day's work, she was
absent and that in her. room he found
a note directing him to have any pa
pers he wished to have served on her
directed to 114 Virginia street, Seattle.
He charges that when she left him to
go to Seattle she took with her their
two children, and he asks the court
to determine that she is unfit to care
for them and to restore them to him.
Kate Delaney wants a divorce from
Charles Delaney on the ground of cruel
ty. She alleges that he is too quar
relsome to live with and that on Feb
ruary 11 of this year, without cause
or reason, he left her and has ever since
lived apart from her. She wants, i in
addition to a decree of divorce, a court
order directing Delaney to pay her $50
a month alimony.
Suits for divorce were also filed by
Ivanella .Fuller against Lonnle Fuller
for neglect and infidelity, Sadie Hamil
ton against -Alexander Hamilton for
desertion and Maude A. Levinson
against Solomon Levinson for cruelty.
Edward F. Downs* suit for a divorce
against Emma Downs was answered
yesterday by the latter. She de
nies that' she ever deserted him and in
a cross-complaint accuses him of aban
, doning her.
¦
j Elise Yates,- better known as Madame
Yates, a lecturer on theosophy, is" no
longer encumbered ¦with a husband. In
Judge Kerrigan's court yesterday she
secured a decree of divorce from Mon
tague Yates. to whom she waa mar
ried at' Punta Arenas, Chile, in 18S5.
The decree was granted on the ground
of infidelity, Madame Tates proving to
the satisfaction* of the court that her
husband had, during the months of
Ma^ch and April in the year 1302, been
too attentive to one Emlyn Mary John
son in London.
I i
The ivork of Impaneling a Jury for |
tfce e econd trial of Mrs. Cordelia Bot- j
kin on the charge of tmirder will be !
commenced In Judge Cook's court this j
morning. It is expected that at least •
two <lavB will be occupied in examin- ;
ing the talesmen and that the takins !
of testimony -will not begin till either I
Monday cr Tuesday. By that time i
Assistant Bend and Warrant Clerk '
Kennedy Trtll have returned with the
¦witnesses from Delav.are,
The case has excited *• much, if '
not more, interest than any other in j
the annals of crime in this State. Mrs. j
Bctkin had been Infatuated with John j
P. Dunnics of the Associated Press j
ar.d It is claimed that she sent a j
box of poisoned candy to Dunnin^s i
wife, Mrs. Mary Ellrabeth Dunninp. I
who was at the time Ilvina; with her ;
parents, Mr. and Mrs. John B. Pen
r.lnjtcn. at Dover, Del.
KILLS TWO WOMEN'.
The box cf candy, consisting of
mixed chocolates, reached Dover on
the evening of August 9. 163S. It was
taken from the Postcfflce by Harry
Pennlngton. a boy, and delivered to |
Mrs. Dunning, to whom it waa ad- j
cressM. In th*» box besides the candy, j
vas a handkerchief and & note on j
which was written in pencil: "With j
love to yourself and baby. Mrs. C." i
Mrs. Dunning, her sister. Mrs. Leila j
Dear.e. and her little daughter, the '
boy. Harry Pennington. and two lady j
friends. Miss Millington and Miss i
Bateman, ate of the candy and all \
turned sick, Mrs. Deane dying on |
August 11 and Mrs. Dunning: the fol
lowing day.
What was left of «the candy was j
analyzed by Professor Wolf and he
found that it contained arsenic Th»
handwriting on the ¦wrapper round
the box Btrjck John B. Penning- '
;rn es resembling the handwriting
of anonrmoua letters that Mrs, Dun
nlos had received from California,
casting reflections on her husband and
¦urging her to obtain a divorce from
him, and with these letters and the
box of candy, the wrapper and the
handkerchief. Detective McVey camo
to . thijs city. Ke handed the articles
to the 'ate Chief Lees.
MRS. BOTKIX IXDICTED.
Mrs. Botkin r.as arrested and was
indicted by the Grand Jury in Novem
ber and her trial commenced before a
jury ir. Judge Cook's court on Decem
ber 8- Besides the witnesses from
Delaware there were local witnesses
who testified to Mrs. Botkin having
purchased'arsenic at the Owl and Star
drugstores; that she had purchased a
box of mixed chocolates at the store
of George Haas & Co. on Market
street ar.d a handkerchief similar to
the one in the box from the City of
Parts dry goods store. There were
many other witnesses of more or less
importance- Including handwriting ex
perts. She was convicted on December
"0 of murder in the first degree, with
The penalty of imprisonment for life.
Fhe appealed to the Supreme Court
and was granted a new trial on the
prnund cf the Judge's error In charg-
Ir.e the Jury on the question of circum
stantial evidence. " An appeal was also
tak^n to the Supreme Court of the
T'nited States on the question of Juris
diction, but It w-as decided -adversely
to the appellant.
Since the former trial John B. Pen
r.ington and Chief Lees have joined
the sreat majority, but restrict At
torr.py Bylng-ton considers that he has
a complete chaln'of circumstantial evi
dence left, even though ex-Postmaster
Gooden and Miss Bateman should not
come from Dover.
Claims Wife Treated Him
Cruelly and Then Without
Cause Ran Away to Seattle
Woman's Story Is Corrobo
rated by Passer-By, Who
Saw Thug. Leaving House
"In a case like this, where
everything is dark, we must un
cover every source from which we
may receive a ray of light," was the
chief detective's explanation of his
DRIXK RUIXS THE LIFE
< OF CARPENTER JACKSON'
documents from the office of the pack
ing-house 'fcere brought up to the Cen
tral station, where experts were at once
put to work on them in the belief that
perhaps they might throw some light
upon the mystery of the murder. Cap
tain Martin of the detective force said
last night that this action was taken
purely as a precaution and not because
of any expectation of finding crooked
ness in Brune's accounts.
Yesterday was a quiet day in the
work of the detectives assigned to the
case. The funeral ceremoty and the
preparation for the continuance of the
inquest this morning occupied most of
their time. All the books and other
BRUXE IS COXFIDEXT.
Both young Buttgenbach and I-oujs
Brur.e were greatly affected by the
day's ordeal and when brought back
to police headquarters they looked
worn and haggard. During the long
ride with the detectives they talked
more or less freely of the crime,
Brune answering such questions as
the detectives asked more readily than
did his cell companion at the prison.
The bookkeeper was especially free in
volunteering Information about the
books of the packing-house, which
have been taken to the police head
quarters for. experting.
"The more you examine theca
books," said Brune to Detective Tay
lor, "the more I shall be pleased and
benefited. I had been Mr. Buttgen
bach's bookkeeper for nine years and
I am sure the accounts are correct and
will show that the firm's affairs are all
straight."
Brune complained that In carrying
off th'e books and papers from the of
fice «afe some certificates of mining
stock belonging to him personally had
been mixed up with the Buttgenbach
papers. These he referred to several
times, asking the detectives to have
them restored to him. These mining
shares, it Is said, came into his pos
session through the deceased, who
was largely interested in mining com
panies, and Brune's ownership of them
Is mentioned by the friends of the late
packer, who all seem to have the ut
most confidence in the bookkeeper, as
evidence of the trust reposed in him
by the elder Buttgenbach. t . % '
* EXPORTING FIRM'S BOOKS.
During all the exercises at the house,
the church and the cemetery. Albert
Buttgenbach was the personal attend
ant of his mother, who leaned upon
him as the sad procession passed from
the house to the carriages, from these
to the church and again at the place
of burial. The heart-broken woman
seemed to find her only comfort in the
presence of her son. and when he was
led away from her to the carriage oc
cupied by the detectives she broke
down again- weeping passionately and
vehemently reiterating her conviction
that he was' unjustly suspected.
A pathetic scene occurred when the
son of the murdered president of the
Pacific Packing Company met his
mother. The bereaved woman threw
her arms about his neck- weeping hys
terically, and declaring her belief in
his innocence of his, father's and her
husband's blood- A moment was
spent in these protestations, the youth
meanwhile doing his best to comfort
the grief-stricken woman and assure
her that he was not -a parricide. But
the strain was too much for her. Cry-
Ing, "My son. I know you are not your
father's murderer." she eank to the
floor in a fainting spell, which was so
complete a collapse that It was some
minutes before the physicians and at
tendants were able to restore her.
The funeral brought together sev
eral hundred friends and neighbors of
the victim of last Saturday night's
tragedy. After a short service at the
house, conducted by the St. Paulus
Verein, the remains were taken to St.
Boniface's Church, on Golden Gate
avenue, where a solemn requiem mass
was celebrated. The church was filled
to the doors, the audience Including
large delegations from the German
Butchers' Society and other organiza
tions of which the deceased was a
member. After the services at the
church the interment was had at Holy
Cross Cemetery.
Guarded by Detectives Ryan and
Taylor, Albert Buttgenbach and Louis
Brune were yesterday morning per
mitted to attend the funeral of the
murdered Joseph Buttgenbach. The
two young men, one the son and the
other the bookkeeper of the dead man,
were taken from the City Prison,
where they are being held under sus
picion,- to the family home at 314
Steiner street shortly before the cere
mony began and every reasonable lib
erty was allowed by the detec
tives during the sad rites for the de
parted.
Police Sergeant Oreene, who caught
Buttgenbach coming through the par
tition, confirmed this statement by say
ing that not mGre than three or four
minutes passed between the shot and
the arrest of Buttsenbach. In order to
make the arrest the sergeant had been
summoned from the street by the bar
keeper after the latter had heard the
kicking on the partition. Greene saya
the position of the chairs in the office
and of the money on the rear desk
gave support to the theory that the
shooting occurred during a scuffle. It
was apparent, he said, that Buttgen
bach had not been at the desk in the
front office, nor had he been sitting
down at all when the shot was fired.
One of the critical facts in this case
Is the time between the firing of the
shot and the breaking of the saloon
partition by young Buttgenbach and
Louis Brune. Saloonkeeper Heide's
bartender, Fred Moennlch, said last
night that only a few seconds passed
between the two events. -"I was stand
ing behind the bar," h» declared,
"when I heard the shot. Immediately
I rushed out^ to the sidewalk, stopped
there but an instant, and then came
back. Before 1 was at the bar again
I heard some one kicking on the par
tition. It was less than a minute."
TIME OF THE MURDER.
Following this line of reasoning, the
detectives argue that -young Buttgen
bach might have been in collusion with
the two men w«ja Weber saw in
Shipley street. " Hfr might have told
them of the ready money awaiting a
skillful holdup, as his father generally
counted his cash the. last thing before
leaving the office. Believing that Jos
eph Buttgenbach would not 'resist, he
might have expected a. bloodless cap
ture of the money" and later a division
of the spoils. If this wag his reason
ing, the unexpected resistance of. the
packer disappointed it and made the
son an accomplice of murderers. But
the police have much to do if they, are
to convict Albert Buttgenbach, even on
this theory. - . .
Heide saloon seemed too short to cover
what is known to have occurred. Then,
too, that theory hardly accounted for
the finding of the cartridges under the
body of the dying packer. This is ex
plained most satisfactorily on the be
lief that there was a struggle for the
footpad's revolver, during which the
cartridges were dropped. The testi
mony of. the boy, Stephen Slavich, and
other outside witnesses, as well as of
Brune, is that there was such a
struggle between Buttgenbach and one
of his assailants. During this struggle
the fatal shot may easily have^been
fired by the other footpad standing on
the other side of the glass partition.
The result of this reasoning Is at
least J.o give the police a plan of In
vestigation that harmonizes with the
little they really know about the mur
der. The difficulty with their former
hypothesis that young Buttgenbach
himself fired the shot was that the
time known to have elapsed before he
was kicking in the partition at the
FITS THE FACTS.
Hard pressed by the difficulties in
the way of establishing Albert Butt
genbach's guilt as the murderer of his
father, the Dolice are now consider
ing the few known facts in' the case
from another standpoint. This . has
brought them to the most plausible
theory they have yet formed to hold
the young man. In this explanation
of the crime young Buttgenbach ap
pears not as the murderer, but as the
accomplice of the criminals who did
the foul deed. The detectives are
busy fitting his own statements and
those of his friends to this theory.
It will be remembered that Law
rence Weber, brother-in-law of the
man who was (killed and foreman in
his factory, declared that on leaving
the establishment at 1$ o'clock Satur
day, night he saw two young fellows
standing in the darkness of Shipley
street, and, thinking .they were friends
of Albert, who were waiting for him
to come out, left them there and went
home. Ten minutes later, according
to Albert's own story, two footpads
assaulted him at the factory door as
he opened it to go home, one of them
thrusting two revolvers into his face,
while the other struck him a light
blow on the head, saying at the same
time, "Keep quiet, kid." Then he ran
back through the office crying, "Hold
up.'" When asked why he left his
father to battle .with these thugs he
told the Coroner's jury that the elder
Buttgenbach had often said he would
never flffht a hold up, and therefore
believed his father would follow him
-{o a place of safety.^ With these as
sertions of the youth are coupled his
confused explanation of the loss of
his hat and other contradictory jstate
ments made by him. as well aa the
averments of Bookkeeper Brune.
reason for experting the account*.
This process will require several
days, although any glaring discrepan
cies in the accounts might be- discov
ered in time for use upon the hearing
before the Coroner to-day. If the ex
amination should disclose that Brune
is a default^ the discovery would be
accepted by the police as going far to
implicate him in the murder, as fur
nishing a possible motive for wishing
his employer out of the way. Nothing
of this nature, however, had been
discovered ur> to a late hour last
night.
t;heoky of accomplices.
MEYERS ASKS FEEEDOM
POLICE ABE SKEPTICAL
Eastern Witnesses to Testify
Against Woman Accused
of Murder by Poisoning
PKOSECUTIOX CONFIDENT
Wife of Druggist in <the
Capital City Is a Victim of
Attack by a Bold Thief
Gets Divorce From Husband
'Because of His Fondness
for Emlyn Mary Johnson
Heartrending Scene Marks Meeting of the Suspected Son With His Wid
owed Mother—- NewTheory of the Crime Is Formed by Detectives, Who
Say Youth May Have Invited footpads to Seemingly Bloodless Plunder
3Irs. Cordelia Botkirrs New
Trial Will Begin To-Day
.With Securing of Jury
DAY BURGLAR
AGAIN AT WORK
SECOND FIGHT
FOR HER LIFE
POLICE TAKE ALBERT BUTTGENBACH
TO FUNERAL OF MURDERED FATHER
MADAME VATES
GAINS DECREE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL;"' THURSDAY. MARCH .10. 1904.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
=N0W FOR THE
SCOTCHMAN'S GRAND OPENING
SATURDAY, MARCH 12
SCOTCH PLAID TAILORS, 100^^ T KET
p^^^^^^^ SUITS OR OVERCOATS MADE TO ORDER FOR
J INo yv\or«- • 1 I ill ' IN ° Less
One Single Price. One Single Profit. From Mill to Man Direct.'
¦ ** 4 1 ** sbsbb9|Sb».''* *"" - "v'- ** r ; -_«^ " "" ¦
; '.'^•'"'¦^^^^^^^^ShCESHsmV^* c nianufacturc all our own \voolen> in our own mill?. Twenty-seven stores in Europe. ?o stores in
t '• "^ ¦' 'jBJ^^S>;y^^B>£^ TucltL America. San Francisco store will be our Western headquarterr. We open up Saturday, March 12, with San
; '" ¦ v i^^ '"¦*'¦ $ Francisco's favorite band of music and our Scotchmen "with their bagpipe?. And we will make this open-
] *'• '- JK^s/^^^^^s^mg^.^ in? one of the largest ever seen in San Francisco. Here arc what our specials will be for our opening day.
l'j _ i JSSSSm^^^^S^JiSK^S^^ ' FIRST SPECIAL — You can have a good time on the money we save you after paying for a $15
}i J , ¦^¦MwBE^^ i tfel '^y^^S^^y SECOND SPECIAL — All goods go at $15 a suit — No more, no le««. No matter what others sell them
* X S^mSSr^^WlLSfBlwffTni^^nt or — S°ods costing from $2 per yard up to $5 per yard. Only on our opening day will these extra fine^'woo'.en;
|^9h F^RI^E: IN GOLD
fV* *4?t&\j j £lWs^&sfSBma&t&i THIRD And a good one. that co$ts no one a ctnt to try to guess the number. $200 in
W* *»SM i M 'MWfSfoS?:^^^a go1^ t0 l^ c P cr5On S UC55 i n ? the nearest number of orders we will take on our opening day for Suits or Over-
lliSfliSifti REIVIEIV1BER ' § 200 wiLL BE GiVEN T0 A v NY 0!V ' E GUESSING
Here is what we sold in our other stores on their opening days: Chicago, or. the opening day. 1464;
PJgJi^lslliL^^Sf^ ** JLflr^^j f - Louis, on the opening day. 913: Omaha, on the opening day. 367;. St. Paul, on the opening day, 592: Den-
vcr » on tnc °P cn ' n P da >'« 887; Duluth. on the opening day. 710; Seattle, on the opening day, 312; Spokane-, on
: fc%s*£f' : * ; fftr' '-'^jfj^S^ ¦¦•*^E?Jmli the opening day, 282; Portland, on the opening day. 817. Now, how many will \ye sell on Saturday, March
XT4^\ ,'*¦'- *t&Ji^l'-*-.|^P^ 12. in San Francisco store on the opening day? Can't we make this our BanneT Day of al! of them? We
r^^l^lttHfaE%e^n^S think we can ' with a little hel P from a11 of >' ou - Addrcss a11 Ruesses to SCOTCH PLAID TAILORS, 1000
- ' ' . '^7^' jWpTT" .^^-iMilf^JRnPW Market Street. Contest Dcpt.. up to FRIDAY, MARCH 11 — no later. All out-of-town and in-town people are
ffiQ^HfrbP^HHUGH^RnnSifi^J invited to take part in this contest. Remember the contest is free for all — $.200 given away free to any one
guessing the nearest to the number of orders taken.
FOURTH SPECIAL — To the first three persons entering our store on the opening day, March 12 (Saturday) we will give each one a suit
of clothes made to order free of charge — on our opening day only. Anybody that wants to can sleep on our doorstep all night. If they wish.
FIFTH SPECIAL— On our opening day we will give to each customer the very best work, also the very best linings — serge or Italian
lining — in their suit or overcoat* for $15 — no more, no' less. We -will give you a guarantee if lining or any part of garment does." not wear satis-
factorily we will renew same free of charge for one year. This is what we will give to each customer. on our opening day.
Remember, these specials only go on our opening day, Saturday, March 12. Our price is one price. Suits to order for $15.00 — No more, no less.
We will show 3000 nobby and up-to-date styles to select from. The largest exclusive $15 tailoring house in the world. Our working capacity
is the strongest ever shown on. this coast. Fit and workmanship we guarantee the best or your, money refunded. Black and Blues in 50 different
styles. Fancy Worsteds, over 100 different styles. Scotch Tweeds in - 100 different styles, and many more — we cannot put them in type.
. NOW IS A GOOD TIME TO ORDER^ YOUR EASTER SUIT
DON'T FORGET to ATTEND OUR OPENING DAY
SCOTCH PLAID TAILORS, ''"t^ST
The Largest and Finest Exclusive $15.00 Tailoring House on the Coast
jSpRTERS
m£r n HftBS I V "T* I E?
S10K HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
J I Uttle Pius.
TbeyalsorelisTe, Distress from Dyspepsfi,
j Indigesdoa and Too Hearty Eating. Aper-
I feet remedy for Di^iness, Nacsea, DroTrsJ-
| aess, Bad Taste ia tie Mouth, Coated Tongco
j Pxia ia the Side, TORPID LTVEH. They
| Regulate the Bowels. Purclj Vegetebfa.
I Small Pin. Small Dose.
i Small Price,
Always. Remerrsb cr the Pnll Jlftna
[ axative Kromo
Cores aCoWfa One Day, Cnp ia 2 Days
| j£ (VLJs Onevery
\Q. S<rJ£yy?nsi^* beau ase
! OCEAN TRAVEL.
e. Steamers leaTe Broadway
wharv*«. Piers 9 and 11.
San Franefsco.
For Ketchtkan. M'rtswl.
J>ir.-a:. Hiw. Skac^ay.
etc.. Alaska — 11 ». m.. Mar.
1, 6. 11. 1*. 21. 26. 31. Apr.
.">. Change to compaay's
steamers at Seattle.
: For Victoria, Vancouver.
: Pert Towrtsend. Seattle. Taeoma, Everett. Bel.
• Unjtfcam— 11 a. in.. Mar. 1. 6. 11. 1«. St. W..3I.
Apr. S. Chacge at t^attle tt> thta "compaar"*
! stesirer» for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at 3ratU*
[ or Taeoma to N. P. r.;.; at Vancouver u C.
P- Ry.
Fcr Eureka <Humbo!dt Bay>— Pomcna, l:S0
i p. m.. Mar. 5. 11. 17. 23. ~K Apr. 4. Spckaa»
j 1:30 p. m.. Mar. X * 14. 20. 2rt. A^r. 1.
j For Lo« Anreles «vla Pert Los Angeles an>l
I Redondc). San Dieco and Santa Barbara — 3aa-
' ta rtr«a. Sundays. 9 a. n.
State of Calircrnia. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
• For Los Aasalaa i: ia San P»<Jro »r^ Sast
Sar> Pedro). Santa Barbara. Sar.ta Crn». M->a-
tfrey. San Picieon. Cayacos. JPort Harford '.3»a
Lu!» Obiapo>. Veriura and Hasn'ine.
Coo- Bay. 9 a. rf.. Mar. j>. 1«. 21. Apr. 1.
Boatt». » a. m.. Mar. 12. 2<> 2*. Apr. S.
For En«*na«'a. Slazdftiena Bay. £an .!¦->«• <!el
; Catio. Mazatlao. Alta:a. I^i Paz. Santa F: -
j salia. Gaarmas (M«). li> a. ir . Tth each
j month. For further infOFTtiaUon ohtain fold*r.
j Ri^ht is resened to cb*ns? steamers cr sailing
I dates. «¦!¦-¦..::-* %
TICKET OmCXS — 4 New Montjom-
. *ry st. (Palace Hoter>. 10 Market *t. ami Broad-
\ way wharv»». Freitht office 1<> Market *;.
C. D. DIXAX.V. Ger.»raJ Passenger A*»r.r.
1O Market «?.. >»n Frunrisoo.
The Pa'-'.flc Transfer «*•-. 2f> Sutter »t.. will
J emi'. fir aad check feairsaice fmrn hotels aiuS
¦ residence*. Telerhone Eichanse 312.
O. /?. & N. CO.
OREGON *alls March 1*. 2». April 7. 17.
[ 27. May 7. 1" aj<l - J7. s». S. Oregon la tempo-
J r»riljr m *ervlc<» tn«tead of the Columbia.
I GEORGE W. FTT.DI1R «a»» March IX 2i
I April 2. 12. 22. May i. 12 and 22. Only st?am.
' ship lice to PORTLANI>. OR., and short rail
j Use from Portland to al! pnir.ts Kast. ThrouKJi
• tickets to all Dolnt». all ral! "r *ts«rashlp and
' rail, at LOWEST P.ATE?. Steamer tlck-fs U>-
! rlude fc»rilJ and mea!«. Steamer «all» foct of
. Sr*ar «t.. at 11 a. m. S. V. BOOTH. G*n.
| Airt. Pass. Dept.. 1 MontKomery st.: C CX.IF--
\ FORD. Oen. Ajent. Freisht Dept.. Z Mont-
: ccm*ry st.
Plrmonth — Clxerbonrsr — Soutlvtmptca.
From New Tork Saturdays at Or.iO a. m.
¦ New Tork Mar. 12,V>er.J.Mar. 26. 10:3Dam
; St. Paul Mar. 19 St. I>outs A p.*. 2
ATLANTIC TEA3SPOBT UJTE.
Hnr Tork — Xrfxndcn Street.
M?noaime« Mar. It 9 a. m.
Minneapolis Mar. tt>. 7 a. m.
Mesaba Mar. 2«. 9 a. a-
! Mlnsetcnka Apr. 2. 7 a. a.
Only flrst-class cassetyf?r» carried.
, SOMZXnO3T U3TE.
> Portland— ZilTarpool — Short sea passag*.
I Canada Mar. 12 Dominion Apr. 2
I Vancouver -» . . .Mar. 2<5 •*ambronian . . . .Apr. 9
HOLLASS-AMEBICA LINE.
1 New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12..V»> Tons.
> Sew Tork — Rotterdam. VU Bonloams.
Sall'nf; Tuesdavs at 10 a. m.
I Rotterdam Mar. <¦ ?tatendani Mar. 29
! Nooniasi Mar. 22 Prt*iam Apr. 3
KED STAB LI2IE.
Inr Tork — Antwsrp— Paris.
From New Tork Saturdays at 1O:3O ». rrt.
Va<Jer!aad Mar. 12|2>«!and Mar. M
' Kroocland ....Mar. ialFI|lanJ Apr. 2
WHITE STA» ImVSTE.
Vw Tork — Qae«astowa — Liverpool.
SaillR? W»-1ne*iays.
Oceanic. -Mar. 9. noon'MaJesti<\M»r. 30. 1*> aax
Celtic Mar. 1*. 4 pro Oceanic. .Apr. *. 1O am
' Cedrlc Mar. ZX 9 am Teutonic. Apr. 13. 10 aa
Boston — Qneenitoim — Live moo L.
' Cymric ...Mar. 17. Apr. 14. Mar 13
i Cretle Mar. 31. April 2S
i BOSTOZT MEniTSBEASEAS SXKV1CE.
Azorti, Gibrsitsx, Haples, Oeaoa.
i CANOP1C Mar. 12, Apr. VS. May 2*
| REPUBLIC <new) - Mar. 2*
aROMANlC April 9. May 14. Jun« H
C. D>. TATLOR. Passenger A«ent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Franclaco.
j.
yf MAPl^S fr ALgXAWDCIA. RCYPT.^1
REPUBLIC «new) Mar. 2*
P.OMAN IC Apr. 0. May 14. Jus* 1*
CANOP1C Apr. 23. May 2?. July 2
•«Send for rat*« and KJujtrated bockJet.)
These ateamers ar« the lariett ia th»
Mediterranean aervloe.
First clasa. t<!> upward.
Boston to Liverpool Q '«,£u»
CTMRIC Mar. 17. Aor. 14. May 12
CRETIC Mar 31. Apr. »
Flnt claaa. $80 aad S63 upward, accorr!-
ir.K to steamer. For plan*, ate. address
C. D. TATLOR. Paseenrjr Arest Pactfls
Coast "1 Peat at.. Fan Francisco.
I I - -~
Jfamburg-Jtmerican.
Bl-w««kly Twin Scz«w Servlca.
Tot Plymouth, Chtrbourr. BAmbnrr.
TSS OSSAT OCBAV TXiTSX.
S. S. Deutschland
: t'64 ft. Iobk— 23H knots aTenw* «pe«l.
; Sails Apr. 7. May 12. June 9. July 7.
} Pretoria Mar. 12i Peirasyrranta, ..ApL 1
I TValderve* ....Mar. 19; 'Deutschland ..Apl. 7
I t*Blu»cher Mar. 24 Patricia ApL •
j t*Moltk« Mar. 3l!Belsravia ApL I*
•Grin room as* tKynTaaatom en bear*.
HAXBTJXG-AXEB2CAK U2TE.
Office*. 25 and 37 Broadway. New TorJt.
HERZOG A CO.. 4OI CALIFORNIA ST.
S S. ALAMEDA. lor Hcnolura. Mca. 12. 11 a.m.
g 8. MARIFOSA. for TafelU. Men. IX 11 a-in.
S S. ¦ SONOMA, far Honolulu. Samoa. Auck.
land and Sydney. Thur . March 24. 2 p. m.
u.ini:im » usj.b^ *p..Tjt* jso,i<3 ia%a
Jk*tftfla.m Bctetll. ArlL ihdSkli
COXPlOHIt GZraULZ TH^M3 ATLA5TUC1.
DIRECT. LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. Jt+t—
Ealllnc every Thursday in.«t»*.l r>f ¦^tojBsk
Saturday. aflO a. m.. frora Pier 42. ¦**d»^E^ #
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Harr*. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond daas to Havre. $» and np«ar<t. GEN-
ERAL. AGENCY FOR UXITED STATES AS*>
CWADA 22 Broadway (Hudson bulldla«>.
New T©t*- J. F. FVOAZI A CO.. Pactflc Coast
Agents. B Ucnt«;on»enr avenu*. San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by «» Railroad Tlckt A«ents : _
- mat* lalaad and Valltjo jSttatuatra.
Suanser"cEN. FRISB1E or MONTICELLO—
9 -4ft a. ro. -"!:15 and S:#> p. in., exc-pt Sunday.
Sunday »:44 a. m.. S:SO n. m. Leav« Vallejo
'l a m." 12:30 and • P. m.. ex. Sunday. Baa-
day; 7 a; m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 30 eeats. T#L
Main 1906. Pier 2. Minloa-tt. dock. MATCH
1 BBOfc
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOSUTTElfe
I * - CELEERATCO - \m •
The only way to Improve the gen-
eral health is to first put the stomach
in a normal condition. For this spe-
cial duty the Bitters is highly in-
dorsed.
Try a bottle and test it for your-
»--*lf. It also cures Dyspepsia. Indi-
prrtion. Constipation, I* Grif|>e,
Colds or Malaria.Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Prdfes Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 104a. • .
' Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound, in artistic firs
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friend3. 715 Market St.. above Call Md«."
...-..¦ ¦ .¦ ¦ . ; - :. ¦..¦•¦•:
The mysterious stranger that found refuge in the
Emergency Hospital and enlisted marked public sym
pathy by a plea that he f did not know* who he is or
whence he came is reasonably^ certain of knowing where
he is going. ¦ He has proved to be a* clever forger, and
the courts and a jury will do the rest. These repeated
assaults .upon our sympathies are becominJBr tiresome.
AS is well known there has been going for
some time both in this- country and irt^ Great
Britain an earnest campaign, of education against
the hideous evil of bill poster advertising which- defaces
all of our cities and much of our finest scenery .t Con
siderable progress toward reform has been made in
some of our States, but it appears the British s have done
better than even the best that has been done here. Thev
BILL POSTER REFORM. >
Uncle Sam may, rest at last in peace. He may dis
miss from his brain phantoms of war. and its alarms. He
may tone his shattered nerves to the certainty that strife
will not rehd the Western Hemisphere nor shatter the
Eastern in cries of unrest. The danger line has been
crossed and no note of evil meaning has disturbed the
calm of international harmony. Siam has recognized
Panama.
• Notwithstanding her ostensible desire for peace, neu
trality and the integrity of her empire, China" insists
upon plaguing the bear and coquetting with the Japan
ese^ We will probably hear shortly that the Russians
are firing their fighting blood by a few practice 'mas
sacres of the idiotic Mongols. ' . .
O'REILLY— H. R., Novato. Cal. John
Boyle O'Reilly was born in Ireland in
1844 and died In 1890. He was a Journal
ist and poet. He took part In the early
Fenian movements, was arrested for
high treason, sentenced to be shot, but
the sentence was commuted to impris
onment for life, afterward to twenty
years' imprisonment, and after being
confined in several prisons was sent
to an Australian penal colony, from
which he escaped In 1889. Landing in
the United States, he delivered lectures
In Philadelphia, after which he became
part owner of the Boston Pilot.
If through the mutations of modern
business or for any, other of a large
variety of reasons that might arise one
were to want a wooden Indian the
problem of acquiring 4t in a hurry— if
It were of the kind that Is sometimes
used as a sign for tobacco shops— would
be found beset with difficulties. This
is not because such figures are so very
hard to find, nor yet because* they are
still so popular as to be In great de
mand, but those in existence are not
only In use "by their owners, but. in
the general case, they are greatly cher
ished, no matter what their state of
decay, and the business of making
them of wood has been given up. One
might, by a chance, be found In some
out of the way auction room, but at
other, times It might not. One mfght.
indeed, bg made to order, but it would
take, quite a hunt to find the man to
make it. ... -
The wooden Indian, which used to
be one of '.the-.. Imperative necessities
of every well equipped tobacco shop.
Is now disappearing as rapidly as its
flesh' "and" blood "prototypes, chased out
ho, the Poor Indian.
Our. Police Judges interrupted their very, vigorous
routine for a few moments the other day to ask if the
police of this city have any serious purpose ti? close the
hundreds of poolrooms that are now operating under
the mask of cigar stores. The police have already' an
swered the inquiry. They insist they are not stupid
and resent an insinuation that they are corrupt. Either
horn of the dilemma is a reply to the Police Judges.
SURPRISE PARTIES— Call Reader.
Salinas. Cal. The character of souv
enirs for a surprise party depends upon
the condition of the persons who- are
to receive them and the desire of the
person or persons who wish to. give
such. Without knowing the conditions
It is Impossible to suggest what would
be appropriate. H*''-'i
IN JAPAN'S ARMY— M. R.. City.
There is no record in this city show-
Ing how many Japanese officers, now
In the service, acquired a military edu
cation.-if any such officers did so. at
West Point. Such Information might
be obtained from the War Department
In Japan If there was not a war on.
CITIZENSHIP— P. F., City. Whether
a citizen of the United States loses his
citizenship by .enlisting in a foreign
army deoends upon circumstances. A
decision in such a case can be given
only upon the presentation of the facts
In connection with the enlistment, pre
vious residence and so forth.
President Loubet has, begun the sixth
year of his administration, and bids
fair to complete the full constitu
tional term of seven yearj. Oniy one
French President,* MacMahbn, endured
for an entire septennate, and in his
case the fear of what might befall if
the then rather unstable equilibrium
should be disturbed was more Influen
tial to maintain him in power than
was his administrative ability. M.
LOubet owes t his lease of power solely
to his personal qualifies. Curiously
enough, though the most democratic of
all Presidents of the third republic, M.
Loubet has been entertained by and
has in his turn entertained more high
potentates than any previous chief of
state in France, monarchial or repub
lican.
Remarkable.
BRAZILIAN NOTE— A Pioneer Sub
scriber. City. To ascertain the value of
a Brazilian note, if It has any value,
present the same to any of the many
brokers doing: business on Montgomery
street In this city.
CABLE CUTTING— M. D., City. Th«
cable in Manila Bay was cut by order
of Dewey> but he held both ends after
the cutting.
'Anszvers to Queries.
And she knows that always at twillghj.
Wherever, whatever thou art.
The same little lullaby, darling.
She'll sing to thee down in her heart.
— Boston Transcript.
Her heart will glow at the picture.
Thrilling with Joy and with pride.
Yet the tears sadly fall as she presses
*Thee close, little one, to her side.
And as thou sleepest, my dear-one,
9 Visions will come to her eyes —
Visions of thee, strong in manhood.
Noble and gentle and wise.
Come and thy mother shall sing thee
A lullaby softly and low —
Sing thee to rest and to dreamland .
Ere darker the day doth grow.
Come to my arms, my darling.
Come for the nightfall is near.
Come, and thy mother shall send thee
To dreamland with nevar a fear.
Motherhood.
THE reply of Japan to Russia's latest note to the
powers, complaining of the conduct of Japan and
charging specific acts, is a model of conciseness in
statement. The Mikado's men are of the direct schrfol of
diplomats, and don't use two words to say a thing when
one will do. It must be conceded that on the sea of
diplomacy, as on the high seas, the Japanese statesmen
outclass the Russians. The reply to Russia is a complete
traverse and disproof of every charge made. In some
cases, as in the case of the retreat of the Russian Minis
ter from Seoul, documentary evidence proves Russia
guilty of flat lying.
Affairs between the two nations are in the open now.
During the long march of conquest by Russia over the
khanates and Northern Mongolia, the outside world
was not advised of events. ' It is a conquest without a
history. The Cossack left there the same red path that
his cruelty and savagery have left everywhere in the
country of friend and foe", but the 'Tartars were without
means of telling the world what happened and Russia
dare not. She was meeting a nomadic foe, without forts,
arsenals or arms, but .with the spirit of resistance and
lacking the means to make it effective. It is only known
that whole masses 6f, the people disappeared. By what
method may be surmised when we remember the stanv
peding of 5000 Chinese, men, women and children, into
the turbid Amur, to drown while an army of Cossacks
lined the bank and shot or sabered all who tried to es
cape.
From that long march Russia has now emerged into
the light of publicity. She can no longer conceal her
operations from the world. She 'is not strangling the
khanates on the steppes, but / is in conflict with a power
more civilized than she. But her statesmen seem to
think that she can overcome publicity by diplomatic mis
representation." In this she is mistaken, for the most in
telligent nations take the word of Japan in preference.
The Japanese note follows closely, another event, and
both impress the world. The Russian man-of-war that
lay overtime in a Chinese neutral port N and refused to
leave has been disarmed and dismantled rather than go
out and fight! This nauseating exhibition provokes the
contempt of all naval officers. If the Russian ship had
belonged to any other nation, under the same circum
stances, she would have steamed out with her flags fly
ing and fought a whole fleet, though it meant sure de
struction. So gallant old Ccrvera steamed out of Santi
ago with his inefficient ships and gunnejs,'. to sure de
struction, but met it like a brave man and honorable
soldier of the sea. The advantage of this sheep-seaman
s-hip is with Japan, as she puts that ship out of action
without costing her a pound of powder. Russia may re
tain the respect of the world and yet be denied its friend
ship in her Eastern aggressions. But this act goes far
to sacrificing respect.
JAPANJS REPLY.
"Unknown to her, some wag in the
family supplied each guest with a lime
with 8 which to experiment" upon me. 1
never dreamed of the sour mine which
was laid, and had Just got •well into the
beautiful salo.wh.en. I noticed .each one
of the guests take out of his pocket a
lime and begin to suck it. If I had not
heard the small boy story I don't know
what the effect on me would have been,
but having heard It, I started to laugh.
Laughter is about as dangerous to a
correct 'lip* as a lime is, so of course I
broke down. Th.ey coaxed me to go on,
but not knowing how they might apply
the ammunition to me In case their ex
periment failed, I decided not to per
form further as ' a human target, and
refused to play. The company missed
the Schumann number, but probably
had as much pleasure out of their joke,
so things were about even."
"Have you heard the story of how a
small boy vigorously sucking on a lime
broke up the* playing of a brass band
by interfering with the delicate pucker
of the lips necessary to blow a wind
Instrument?" asked Jock Keogh. secre
tary of the Musicians' Union of this
city. "Without a proper pucker you
get nothing but 'goose notes." Schu
mann was a great admirer of the clari
onet and wrote for it a celebrated num
ber, to play which a young lady
pianiste recently asked me to her
house. She invited several friends as
well.
A False Pucker.
With a courtesy delicately phrased and evidently ap
preciated, the Macedonian leaders have solemnly prom
ised the powers of Europe that they will not raise their
annual spring row this season. The. announcement
must be accepted by every well meaning person with dis
tinct disappointment. We have. come to look upon a
Macedonian rumpus as a contribution to civilization in
the removal of a few more Macedonians. y
So far as the question of time Is con
cerned, it deserves notice that not
merely geology but almost every form
of inquiry into the past throws further
back the limits usually assigned.
Egypt, for instance, is continually fur
nishing fresh proofs of the antiquity
of civilization. Professor. Flinders Pe
trie expounded at Owens College, Man
chester, England, a few days ago the
results of recent explorations at Aby
dos, in Upper Egypt, from which It
appears that the ruins at that one spot
tell a continuous story that carries us
back to 5000 B. C. Abydos was the first
capital of Egypt, and remained for
forty-five centuries the religious cen
ter, the Canterbury of the land, and
there the Egyptian exploration fund
has unearthed the remains of •ten suc
cessive temples, one over the other."
From xne age of the first temple a
group- of about 200 objects ha*» been
found, . which throw - surprising - light
on the civilization of the First Dynasty.
A part of a large glazed pottery vase
of Mena, the first king of the First
Dynasty, about 4700 B. C, showed "that
even then they were making glaze on
a considerable scale, and also inlaying
it with a second color. The ivory carv
ing was astonishingly fine, a figure of
a King showing a subtlety and power
of expression as good as any work of
later ages." At about 4000 B. C. an
ivory statuette of Cheops, the builder
of the great pyramid, was found, trie
only portrait known to him. Making
every possible allowance for the mar
velous rapidity of art development,
must not many thousands of years
have rolled over between the pristine
dwellers In the Nile Valley and the
men who carved ivory statuettes and
manufactured glazed work inlaid with
second colors? It is a long, long march
from flint implements to the solemn
temple, ivbry statuettes and' human
portraits.— London Telegraph:
Looking Backward.
Why You Do It.
BY VT. R. C. LATSOK, M. D.
(Editor Health Culture Magazine. New York.)
(Copyright, 1004. by. Joseph B. Bowles.)
Sneezing is very common and per
i haps few .people realize how impor
tant it is. In reality a sneeze is one
of the body's great protective devices*
' The air passages of the nose are lined
j by a very delicate and sensitive mem
! brane. This membrane is formed of
• ciliated epitheliall cells, whose millions
; of tiny arms, or cilia, always move with
; peculiar stroke In the direction of _thu
! nostrils any small quantity of dust or
¦ other foreign matter which is thrown
I upon the surface.
If, however, the foreign matter be of
greater magnitude than dust, or if it be
very irritant (as snuff, for instance).
1 the movement. of the cilia is too feebie
! to remove it. Then a message is sent
I to headquarters (the spinal cord) of the
I condition of things and the body pro
i ceeds to more drastic measures. A
! powerful message is sent to the muscles
which control the breathing — a message
j so peremptory as sometimes to momen- |
I tarily confuse them. After a few spas
modic movements due to this confusion
I the muscles which expand the chest and
those which increase its depth contract
firmly, causing a great inrush of air —
that is, a deep breath — which is at once
expelled in a violent rush through the
nose, clearing out the offending .par
ticles which were beyond the powers of
the industrious but not very powerful
ciliated cells. .;v_~.
Sometimes the sneeze is due rather to
an increased sensitiveness of the nerves
{ going from the nasal membrane to the
spinal cord than to an Increase in the
j amount or the Irritating properties of
j the foreign matter drawn into the nose.
! In either of these cases the sneeze is
an effort of the body toward self-pres
ervation — in the latter to eject an in •
vading substance with which the local
I protectors are- unable to cope, in the
former to secure for the body an in
creased supply of oxygen, and thereby
to relieve the slight congestion which
while present in the nasal membrane
is not confined thereto, but is general
throughout the mucous membrane of
the body. -
If this hint is taken— if the sneezer
be wise enough to afford his body .the
< oxygen demanded — the congestion is re
lieved. But if he close the window,
move out of the "draft," and thus de
prive himself of jthe oxygen needed to
work off the irritability of the mucous
surfaces producing the sneeze, the con
• gestion is aggravated. The blood re
mains unregenerated and a "cold" may
be the result.
A cough corresponds exactly to a
sneeze, save that the foreign matter
or lhe mucous irritablity is on the
membranes of the throat or "wind
pipe" instead of In the upper air pas
sages, and a cough, like a sneeze, is
one of the body's many beautiful de
vices to preserve its life activities in
tact. The cough may be "cured" by
some nostrum, but such "cures" pro
duce a condition far less desirable
than the cough. "Cough cures" act as
• a rule by reducing the sensibility of
; the nerves which carry th.e alarm to
1 headquarters (the spinal cord). The
cough stops and the -matter, instead
: of being ¦ coughed away as before, is
allowed to accumulate, . producing
1 complications often of a grave na
ture/ The best cure for a cough is* to
i cough as long as there is anything: to
• cough away.
A young man who succeeds here I
"tvill not be long in attracting the at- j
tention of his superiors to his earnest ;
efforts and he may soon be put upon ;
the record books, which are in the ¦
nature of memoranda of facts regard- !
ing public and private corporations i
thai are about to issue bonds, records •
of detail in connection with previous j
and prospective bond issues and sales
and other matters of a like nature.
From these he will probably be ad
vanced to bookkeeping, in which he
has a« wide a range as he would have j
in the bookkeeping department of any j
mercantile institution. During all of J
these experiences he will make a se- j
rious mistake if he does any part of ¦
his work flippantly and Tails to under- j
Ftand anything he does, and he will 1
make another serious mistake if he I
fails to grasp the significance of his ;
¦work as a whole, for many a young
man in his intense application to the
•work in hand sees only the words
that flow from his pen. He knows the
details of the * -jsiness. but he does
not know it as a whole. •
By this time an employer will have
formed a pretty good idea of the
young man's application, honesty and
ability slong. certain lines. The real
test will come to him when he is sent
out to look for business, relying large
ly upon his own resources. ' Perhaps
he will be asked to interest purchas
ers in the bonds of certain municipal
ities. This "brill put to the test the
thoroughness of his education during
his earlier work in the office. A man
\vho sells bonds should know abso
lutely what he is talking about; he
must be familiar with the matter in
hand to the last detail; he must know
what to say and how much to say.
Very often he can say too much. He
should be ready to answer every ques
tion concerning the investment • with
out hesitation and without error. He
must be able to explain and convince
directly from his own knowledge.
If the young man has done nothing
but attend strictly to the duties aa-
Figned him in the office he may find
FomethinR 1 lacking in his presentation
of the subject to a prospective in
vestor. His office work must have
b*en supplemented by study and
thoughtful investigation of the whole
qup^tion of values, securities, interest'
i-ates. commercial conditions and a
vast number of similar subjects, for
the matters that affect the desirabil
ity of a bond as an investment are le
gion. Municipal bonds of perhaps a
Koore or more of cities may be submit
ted in one offering, and the young
man must be able to speak accurately
about many points in connection with
each of these cities — their population,
valuation, the amount and nature of
their various items of public debt, the
value of the cities' public property,
the revenues of their water works and
other proprietary institutions, the
character of their industries, the
amount of business done by their
banks, whether they depend upon ag
riculture or manufacturing- or mining
for their prosperity, what their trans
portation facilities are, of what class
of people their population is com
posed, whether the purpose of the
Issue is gome needed public improve-
The business of dealing in bond? has
certain elements in common with a
commercial business, perhaps more
than with general banking. Two pri
mary divisions are' immediately no
ticed in this work — the buying and the
selling departments. In a general way
the qualities that promise success in
cne department wiy give success in
the other, because, at the foundation
of both must be a thorough knowl
edge of every feature of the business
and an instant readiness to take ad
vantage of favorable opportunities.
It often happens, however, that a man
may make a particularly good buyer
and yet not have the qualifications
that ¦will bring him success in selling.
The first work of a beginner in the
bond business will probably be the
copying of letters, delivery of mail and
running such errands as can be in
trusted to one of his inexperience.
And right here he will have an oppor
tunity of proving his value and fitness
for the work that he may never get
afterward. Intelligent application to
the work in hand, even if it be seem
ingly the most insignificant in the en
tire business, will bring an employer's
appreciative commendation. By at
tentiveness. even in running errands,
a your.g man can learn a great deal of
value to him. He will become- ac
quainted, in a superficial way, of
course,' with men and things. He will
learn much about the forms of doing
business and acquaint himself with
mechanical details of commercial life.
BT JOHN FAUSOX.
<O' Fsrcrn. Leach & Co.. Bankers. Chicago;
PrwiiJ-rr.t Calumet El<*ctric Street Railroad
Company. Chicago.)
'Copyright. UKM, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Certain g;en»ral qualifications lor
tuccess must be assumed !n one who
enters any line of business or torn
mrreiai endeavor, and we will take it
for granted that a young man who is
taking up the bond business and
means to get to the top has industry,
integrity, frugality, earnestness, tact,
good address, power of application and
intelligent interest in himself and his
work. Good health is important and
honesty absolutely essential. If he can
have it. a good education is to be earn
estly desirerl — but no young man
ehould think that a college education
is indispensable. It will help him
grreatly. but if he is made of the right
stuff he will make a success without it.
Stocks and Bonds
into the suburbs and thence into the
smaller villages beyond. Probably non«
has been made anywhere within the
last twenty years, and nearly all still
in existence are much older. This is
curious, because the wooden Indians
were far more distinctive aa signs than
any others to be seen; their Introduction
and use by the tobacconist were coinci
dent with the introduction of the weed
itself to civilization and they were to
be seen everywhere, in Europe as well
as in America. There were other fig
ures besides' those of Indians, such as
sailors, dudes, black boys and Punches,
but in this country the Indian was
by far the most numerous, especially
for the retail tobacconist, who dealt In
all sorts of smokers' goods. Efflgies
of- black boys were perhaps preferred
by wholesale sellers of leaf tobacco, but
beyond that there was apparently no
distinction. In England the signs were
frequently so chosen that a Dutchman
smoking a pipe Indicated the sale of
smoking tobacco; a Scotchman in kilts
of snuff, and a sailor with his quid of
chewing tobacco.— Philadelphia Record.
"That reminds me," said anoiher of
the group, "of a good story. When I
was handling doga 1 always had a cap
sule or two on m^. One night I was
behind the bar, and in shambles a
booze fiend who tries ito bum me for a
drink. He had a broomstick for a cane
and he looked footsore and weary. Just
for fun I emptied the contents of a
capsule into a glass, filled it to the brim
with whisky and handed it to the
Weary "Willie. In one gulp the liquid
was beyond recall.
"While he was thanking me he sud
denly started a cakewalk and cavorted
up and down the floor like a two-year
old until the place got too small for
him. Out the door he shot. A police
man at the corner gave chase, but
there was nothing to it. The officer
hailed a passing buggy and ordered the
driver to do his best. Down to the ferry
they' went at top speed, the horse cov
ered with foam. Meeting a brother of
ficer the pursuer asked, 'Did you see
an old man doing a hot foot along
here?'
" 'Well,' he replied, 'I am easier now ;
I thought it was a ghost. But let me
tell you-»whatever it was it went In the
direction of the seawall. Now, take my
hunch — if you want that man ring up
the Cliff House .and put them on, and
hurry up, too, or he'll beat you to it,
for when he glided by me he was cer
tainly going some.' "
A" number of coursing men were to
gether one night recently talking of
dogs and their running qualities when
the subject drifted to the effects of
"dope" on a hound.
"It's no use denying," one man said,
"these speed capsules, that the trainers
give to the coursers nowadays start the
slowest of them on a hike that would
make Barney Oldfleld in his best auto
look slower than a Supreme Court de
clsltin."
An Ancient Courser.
THE STATE IN* 1903.
THE annual reports of General Ghipman, president
of the State Board of Trade, have become the re
liable year books of California; They present the
only statistics of the entire range? of our production and
export, and are of the highest value.
The State Board of Trade has been in existence seven
teen years, and has been an urgent force in the symmet
rical development of California. When the timid have
flinched at the next step forward, the Board's reports
have overcome doubts of the future by proving the ab
sorbing capacity of the market. Under its encourage
ment we are now finding an outside market for products
that were not thought of as exports before it encour
aged planters, by showing a demand and a market.
Last year our exports of fruits and\fruit products and
vegetables were 8S.084 carloads of 10, tons each. That
was a shipment of 73,404 tons per month, 18,351 per
week, 2621 tons per day, and nearly no tons^per hour
through the whole year, of these products of the soil.
The gain over 1902 was 10,546 carloads, of 'which 7395
were citrus fruits. The citrus export from Northern Cal
ifornia was 2246 carloads, a gain of 598 over 1902.
The repprt notes the fact of the earlier ripening of
Northern California oranges, which extends the orange
season of the State by over two months. The progress
of the fruit to maturity 'depends upon the degree and
daily number of hours of heat which induce it. The
earlier ripening in the Northern California citrus belt is
not accidental or sporadic, but is caused by fixed physi
cal conditions. That belt is on the western slope of the
Sierra Nevada Mountains. The records of temperature
show that the heat is present more hours in a day than in
Southern California, because the Coast Range shuts out
the cold winds from the ocean, excluding both cold and
moi«ture, and the heat lasts from sunrise to sunset.
A given number of hours of heat being required to ma
ture the orange, if the temperature fall at 2 or 3 o'clock
in the afternoon when the trade winds begin blowing, the
thermal day is shortened by an average of four hours in
the afternoon and by at least two hours in the mornjng,
spent in overcoming the chill of the night. This loss in
heat amounts, then, to three months in a year, which is
near the difference between maturity of the orange in our
two citrus belts. The northern belt gets more hours of
heat per day.
This difference is fortunate for both belts and for the
State. Were the temperatures the same in degree and in
hours per day, both crops would be in the, market to
gether and we would be deprived of the advantage of
our long season, the longest in any citrus producing
country in the world. It benefits^ us not only in the
market but in transportation to market. If both belts
came in at once there would be greater difficulty in get
ting cars to take the crop away to the consumer. The
possibilities of the northern citrus belt are great.
Oranges grow in perfection in the canyon of the Merced
River on the Ward ranch, in the . Yosemite National
Park, in sight from Sentinel Dome above the Yosemite
Valley, and on the Loomis ranch in the horseshoe- bend,
of the Merced, away up in the mountains.
General Chipman's report shows that our wine export
has doubled since' 1891, and is steadily increasing. One
subject of great interest is our increasing export of vege
tables. The frosts of Florida have made uncertain a
winter supply from that source. Last year we increased
our vegetable shipment 1705 carloads. This consists of
rhubarb, celery, asparagus, artichokes, green peas, string
beans and salad plants, all of which reach the Atlantic
seaboard in the winter in prime condition and find a
ready market. This trade is capable of indefinite ex^
pension. Our gardens and truck lands in this State pr<£
duce crops every day in the year, and the excellence of
our vegetables is well known. Improvements in trans
portation are constant and we expect to see the export
of vegetables equal that of fruits.
The report brings the dairy industry into focus as a
leading interest. The product increased last year $2,212,
596. The total value, of dairy products was $20,436,152,
or greater than the value of wheat. This is due to the
expansion of planting. Alfalfa is taking the
place of wheat and is a factor in the production df beef/
mutton, pork, poultry, and .milk, cheese and butter.
Large as the dairy product, was it hardly supplied do
mestic consumption. There is room for improvement
in the manufacture of cheese. American cheese lost its
foreign market when the dairymen of New York learned
to make butter and cheese out of the same milk. They
put the cream into butter and put lard in its place in the
skim milk. Our lost market was soon taken by Canada,
and the' Dominion has not only held it but has come into
our own market, and Canada cheese is sold in California.
This State seems to have, in alfalfa and other forage
plants, the ideal conditions for fine cheese production.
The way to get a market and hold it is by making full
cream and well ripened cheese, and nothing else.
We have often preached the gospel of commercial
honor. The increasing acreage of alfalfa will soon over
supply our home market for dairy products and we will
export. Cheese is the least perishable form in which
to export milk. A scientific study of methods will re
veal the fact that we can produce here most. of the; high
cheese that is now imported from Europe. Wherever
that production is a question of fermentation only we
can duplicate it. Some .imported cheese, as Roquefort,
gets its quality from a special herbage on which the
cows feed, and that grows in a restricted district. But
experiment may prove that we have special plants here
that will produce special types of ¦ cheese. The State
Board may be depended upon to take-up cheese pro
duction with^.thc same vigor that characterized it in
It is probable that this report answers more questions
about California than any other publication, and it should
get wide circulation as the Year Book of 1903.
In selling the bonds of a private cor- I
poration one # must know thoroughly the j
history of the company, its earnings, !
its fixed charges, its prospects — in gen- I
eral all the items which go to make up I
a statement of its financial condition. ;
In railroad bonds the features to be!
noted are the amount of business done, j
the mileage, the expense of operation,
gross and net profits and indebtedness, j
Of great importance to the seller of I
bonds is what we may term the trading j
instinct, which is to a large extent aj
natural gift, although it can be devel
oped and even in a measure created.
Some men «are very shrewd at bar
gains and can decide instantly whether
there is advantage in a contemplated
transaction. Such an instinct is of im- j
mense value to a man who embarks in j
this business. A shrewd trader will be- i
come familiar with the personality of j
his customers. He will^seek to know :
their peculiarities, their prejudices con- i
cerhlzfe kinds of securities and the
train of reasoning that they invariably
call up when attempting to decide an
investment proposition. He should at- \
tempt to conduct his dealings j
according to ' his customers' ideas j
and methods, and not try to make a j
customer conform to his own. His posi- j
tion in the transaction is to accommo
date the purchaser and give him what j
he wants unless he clearly sees that i
his client is making a grave mistake. I
A complete and minute acquaintance
with a score of investors is of more 1
value to a bond man than casual rela
tions with 600 whom he cannot ap
proach with the same confidence and
personal understanding.
The young man's first work outside
of the office may be in the other line,
however— the buying department. Here
again the trader's instinct is of the j
highest importance, for the purchaser
must be able to recognize good bar
gains and take immediate advantage of
them. Success as a buyer demands an
elaborate knowledge of all the condi
tions that go to make up a successful
seller's equipment. Of course, a deci
sion upon purchases of bonds is left to
the heads of the concern, who are in
possession of an accumulation of in
formation covering years of research
gathered from every possible source
and supplemented from time to time
by personal investigations and reports
of special representatives of the com
pany. Nothing less than an accurate
knowledge of conditions affecting the
stability of an investment covering a
period of many years and brought up
to date will suffice for the safe pur
chase of either municipal or corporation
securities, and it is impossible to place
any limits upon the degree of ability in
this work that can be acquired by a
young man who is determined to reach
the top.
ment or a measure of questionable
soundness adopted by a party of en
thusiasts to advance personal inter
ests of their own. .
have not only diminished the evil so that some of its
worst phases are no longer tolerated in the kingdom,
but they have even educated the bill posters themselves
into a respect for beauty, and induced them to take steps
to put a stop to the posting 61 ugly and unseemly bills.
A recent report from London says that owing to com
plaints on the part of the public, the Bill Posters' /Asso
ciation has appointed a committee to examine theatrical
and other advertising posters, and to order the removal
of any detail deemed offensive to the eye or calculated
to have an immoral influence. Any poster deemed im
proper by the. committee is photographedfhnd a copy
sent to every bill poster, so that he may be on his guard
and decline to post it. \
The movement has been met with approval from the
public generally, but there is' a good deal of oppdsition.
The London Mail says: "Some theatrical managers,
especially those whose bookings include melodramas,
express indignation at the bill posters constituting them
selves censors in this matter. 'We want the great situ
ations in the. dramas illustrated,' said an irate manager
yesterday, 'and the way in which this is to be done should
jdbt depend on the whim of a committee meeting once a
'month.' The suggestion that startling posters are in
centives to crime is ridiculed, and it is urged that th'ey
simply induce people to go to the theater."
The significant feature in the new movement of the
Bill Posters' Association, is that it was virtually forced
upon them by the growing strength of public sentiment
against the frequent abuses of that form of advertising.
The more intelligent bill posters in. Great Britain have
evidently come to 'the conclusion that they must either
reform their methods or else popular indignation will
put them under stringent governmental"; supervision
such as prevails in France. Our own country, will sooner
or later have to follow the example set in Europe. In
no part of the world is the bill-posting nuisance carried
to a greater excess than with us. Fortunately, popular
sentiment on the subject is already aroused and it is not
improbable that within the near future there will be a
marked diminution of the extent to which the abuse is
practiced and tolerated.
THE SAN FRANGIS'CO CALL. THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1904.
TvHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. 2PRECKELS, Proprietor V . Address AH Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <J^Hllll* > * * * * * - ThIrd and Market Streets. S. F.
THURSDAY • .'/ : •-.. • • • • • 7TT. .MARCH 10, 1904
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMENRayhill Is Given Verdict.
A jury in Judge Hunt's court yes
terday awarded William Rayhill $1200
damages for injuries received by him
in August, 1901, by being struck by a
Page-street car. Rayhill sued for
$16,000.
Boatman David Crowley started from
Meiggs wharf In a Whitehall boat early
yesterday morning and had rowed but
a few yards when his oar struck a.n
obstacle floating la the water, -he
dim light revealed a human body and
a closer inspection showed it to be
that of a soldier lying at attention, in
full uniform, blouse buttoned in reg- '
ulatlon style, shoes carefully laced and
cap tightly Jammed on head. Crowley
towed the military derelict to the
wharf, where he discovered that th»
warrior was not dead, but sl-eptm.
Well ballasted with ardent spirits, he
floated like one of Crowley'a launches
and was headed for the transport
anchorage when he collided with thi
boatman's oar.
Crowley deposited his intoxicated
prize in a fishing boat and went his
way. Upon his return the soldier had
disappeared, leaving behind him his
cap, which bore the legend "C IS."
The war in the Orient goes merrily on.
and reports of all kinds are, being /laily
cabled only to be contradicted by the
next report. • The household war is
avoided by using a gas range from 8. F.
Gas and Electric Co.. 415 Post st. •
There Is talk that Past Grand Presi
dent Keith' believes that'' she has not
been accorded Justice in her parlor,
and that she may take 5 Bteps* to carry
the matter to the civil courts to re
strain the subordinate parlor from pro
ceeding with the trial until certain ap-
In addition to the charge brought
against Past Grand President Keith,
which is to the effect that she is guilty
of conduct unbecoming * a Native
Daughter by bringing frivolous charges
to harass members, Buena Vista Parlor
has preferred charges against her in
Alta Parlor to the effect that she made
use of language In her argument that
was calculated to .reflect upon certain
members of Buena Vista Parlor. The
officers of Alta Parlor threw out all
charges preferred by the past grand
president and continued the commit
tee that was originally appointed to try
her. ',;¦ ,.„ -.'
COURTS MAY INTERVENE.
.When the proceedings of the Grand
Parlor that was held' -in Red Bluff
were issued an effort jias made to
have the, report presented to Alta Par
lor compared with the official docu^
ment and allow an arbitration com
mittee of disinterested members to
pass upon it, but this failed. A result
of this was that Past Grand President
Keith presented charges against Julia
Heurbach and. others, who were dele
gates to the Grand Parlor. The law of
the order provides that when charges
are preferred the same shall be re
ferred to a trial committee of five un
prejudiced and unbiased members of
the parlor for trial and determination.
There ls another law that is in the
form of a decision by a grand presi
dent, and which stands as law until
reversed in open Grand Parlor — that
a member under charges is deprived
of all rights until the matter has been
heard and determined.
The appointment of the committee
in Alta Parlor led to a protest on the
ground that the committee was not
selected according to the provisions of
the law, but was composed of mem
bers that are avowedly opposed to the
past president, and this was fol
lowed by a refusal to entertain the
protest Then came charges against
the president of the parlor, the dele
gates to the Grand Parlor for failure
to present their report, within the
statutory time and against the record
ing secretary, and then counter
charges were filed against the com
plainant. This was followed by de
murrers, objections, appeals and pro
tests.
CHARGES ARE PRESENTED.
Following this came another presi
dent, who did many things that her
predecessor did, being moved to do so
by precedent. But her actions, in the
opinion of«those that supported her
predecessor, were all wrong, and when
told that the one president had not
acted differently than the other the re
ply was, "The other was our friend,
but this one l s not."
This was the starting of trouble that
threatens to disrupt the order.
The particular* trouble that has of
late arrayed members and parlors
against one another is now located in
Alta and Buena Vista parlors. The
matter, under the law of the order,
should be kept within the knowledge
of the parlor in which it exists, but
it has been "the talk of the town" for
weeks, not only among members of
the organization, but among people
that are in no way affiliated with the
order either by ties of kinship to the
members or of friendship for sneh.
In the first named parlor there was
presented a certain "official report,"
to which exception was taken by Past
Grand President Keith, who asked
that it be stricken from the records.
This request was denied. In the mean
time a member of Buena Vista Parlor
vras stricken from the rolls, as she
claims, through prejudice, and in her
endeavor to have herself reinstated
had Past Grand President Keith ap
pear as her attorney.
STARTING OF TROUBLE.
The Order of the Xative Daughters
of the Golden West for many years
kept on growing in members and in
fluence until about three, years ago,
when one of the two factions that have
long been striving for supremacy un
dertook to rule with a high hand, and
in the accomplishment of its .ends
trampled upon the constitution of the
order and assumed that force of power
was superior to that of justice. ' One
of the presidents committed acts that
met with, violent opposition, not only
from individual members, but from
parlors as a whole. There were other
parlors and Individuals, however, that
sustained these acts under the old idea
thaf the president of the Native
Daughters, like a monarch, can do no
wrong. ' .
Internecine war threatens to disrupt
the Order of Nati\*e Daughters of the
Golden West.
There are strong indications that
unless Grand President Stella Flnkel
dey adopts heroic and drastic meas
ures, and puts a stop to wrangling
that Is going on, there will be a seces
sion of many members from the order
and the organization of a new order
under the name of the Daughters of
California. The plans for such an or
ganization, in case it becomes neces
sary to institute it, have already been
worked out and are ready to be adopt
ed at a moment's notice.
A splendid programme has been ar
ranged for the evening. It will con
sist of an overture of national airs by
Allen's Band; songs by Bert Murphy,
David Manlloyd and Eugene E.
O'Sullivan; sleighbell solo by Miss
Nellie Waters; remarks by Chairman
Michael CR6ey, a drill by Company D,
League of the Cross Cadets and a
grand ball.
The committee has decided not to
have an oration at the evening exer
cises to be held at Mechanics' Pavilion.
Michael Casey, chairman, will make a
few remarks and aside from his short
speech there will be no address.
Neither will there be any religious
ceremonies attached to the celebra
tion.
The complete programme for the St.
Patrick's day celebration to be held
in this city was announced last night
at a meeting of the executive com
mittee. The exercises will consist of
athletic sports In the afternoon and a
musical and literary programme, fol
lowed by a dance, in the evening.
The sports will start promptly at 1
o'clock at the Presidio athletic
grounds. Baker and Francisco streets.
They will consist of a hurling match
between the Emerald and Independ
ent teams, 100 ; yard dash, 440-yard
run, mile run, twelve-pound weight
throw, forty-two-pound weight throw
from shoulder, fifty-six-pound weight
throw between legs, running broad
jump; hop, skip and leap and Gaelic
dancing.
The Emerald and Independent hur
ling teams are admittedly the best two
in the United States. They never have
met before and the game will probably
be the most exciting hurling match
ever seen on the Pacific CoaBt. It is
attracting a deal of interest among
admirers of the sport all over the
State.
The other athletic events are im
portant ones and ar.e open to all ama
teurs who wish to compete. The field
day should prove to be one of the best
ever held in this city, as the leading
athletes from the University of Cali
fornia. Stanford University, Lowell;
Lick and Polytechnic high schools, St.
Ignatius Gymnasium, Olympic Club,
Occidental Club and Ariel Rowing
Club have all entered in the various
events and it is expected that St.
Mary's and Santa Clara colleges will
also be represented.
' Among the likely men who will
compete for the gold and silver medals
offered are Bell and Dole of Stanford.
Victor Llgda of the University of Cali
fornia, Robert Cochrane of St. Ignatius
gymnasium, De Manlel and Mandrell
of Lowell High School, Nicholas Bar
ron, a well-known Irish athlete, and
William Mihehan of the Olympic Club.
Representatives From Lead
ing Colleges and Clubs
Entered for Many Events
Charges and Counter Accusa
tions Fly To and Fro
and Courts May Take Hand
Slumbering Warrior Navi
gates Bay Like a Launch,
Dressed Even to His Cap
The executive committee in 'charge of the
San Francisco exhibit at St. Louis asks your
•^ — ; ¦ ¦ - , .!.
peals from acts of the parlor's officers
are decided. •
As it stands now it is one of the
most complicated cases that has'ever
engaged the attention of the Native
Daughters, and each day partisanship
is growing stronger and more and more
members are becoming arrayed against
one another. Even the parlors in the
Interior are becoming involved In the
matter. Should the verdict be adverse
to Past Grand President Keith and the
penalty be suspension or expulsion it is
probable that there will be a call for a
convention of parlors that are friendly
to her,;for the purpose of organizing a
new order ' . \
Secretary L. M. King of the San
Francisco committee to prepare the fine
show that . San Francisco will make
on its own account at St. Louis says
that there is need for prompt responses
to communications that have been sent
out to merchants, property owners and
capitalists generally in this city ask
ing for support that San Francisco
may make a showing at St. Louis that
may be a credit and first class adver
tisement for San Francisco.
The committee, has received in cash
from citizens something more than
112,000. The 'municipality gives $15,000.
As $50,000 is the minimum sum for do
ing the work at St. Louis well, includ
ing the cost of erecting the building, of
collecting and installing the exhibits
characteristic of this city and of the
maintenance at St. Louis during the
entire term of the exposition, it will
be seen that the San Francisco funds
are still something like $23,000 short.
To induce prompt action. Secretary
King, has sent out a circular letter. to
many citizens, which is in substanceag
follows: ".
From all parts of the world scientists,
and especially horticulturists, will gaze
with fascination on this small collec
tion of beneficial insects. From a small
number tnelr associates in the scale
destroying business have increased to
countless millions. The money tha,J
they have directly saved in rescuing
orchards and the greater service they
have performed in insuring the con
tinuance of fruit industries that must
have totally 'failed without their hard
work can be'Tepresented only In mil
linns of dollars. The insect case was
ready to start overland last night.
By the end of another week prob
ably all the California exhibits, with
the exception of the green fruits to b#j
sent next summer,*will be on the way
to St. Louis. Altogether, so says Sec
retary Willis of the California St. Louis
Commission, the California exhibit will
amount to about forty full carloads.
Something like half a score of cars
have already been dispatched from
California points. The exhibits have
been assembled at San Francisco, Los
Angeles, Stockton, Sacramento and San
Jose as central shipping points.
While there are some tardy parties
who are still holding back under one
pretext or another, practically all the
exhibits are at hand. So near are. the
Commissioners to the end of their work
at this end of the .line that the head
quarters of the commission in the Jluss
House will be closed next Sunday. Sec
retary Willis will' start for St. Louis
on Sunday. Commissioner Filcher will
be detained a few days, possibly to
get the later arriving exhibits under
way and to see that all the business of
the commission in this State is closed
up as far as possible.
The California State building at St.
Louis is ready to receive some of its
intended contents. The great buildings
of the exposition in which the Cali
fornia exhibits are to be placed are
completed and ready for the installa
tion of what is to be put on view for
the admiration of spectators.
FUND IS STILL SHORT."
The exhibition case to go to St. Louis,
illustrative of the successful efforts of
California to fight scales and other in
sect troubles, is fitted up with micro
scope lenses, one lens for each cluster
of beneficial insects. One may look
through the lens and rightly distinguish
the minute insects to which a great
State has, and not vainly^ pinned its
faith. In the exhibition cake are also
thin cylinders of glass, the tubes in
which colonies of beneficial insects are
transported from the headquarters of
the Horticultural Commissioner at the
foot of Market street to infested orch
ards.
Alexander Craw put the finishing
touches yesterday ; on what is pro
nounced by Commissioner J. A. Filchcr
to be the most unique of all the exhibits
that California will send to St. Louis.
It is a case, shiny of exterior, furnished
with shelves: books with showy bind
ings, the .pages of which are ostenta
tiously thrown open to show illustra
tions of California fruits in colors; and
last and most Important, members of
every # family of beneficial Insects that
California has employed to get rid of
its cottony cushion scales, its black
scales, the San Jose scale and all the
other noxious organisms that have, at
different times,- menaced horticulture
generally and in particular the proper
growth in this State of oranges.
.When limbs and twigs, leaves and
fruit have been covered with one dis
figurement or another the State of Cali
fornia has, through the agency of Its
horticultural officers, sought, and hav
ing secured, has propagated vast num
bers of insect killers of insects. Some
have been introduced from Australia
and some from Europe. They are, one
and all, epicures of the firat water.
Each beneficial sort of insect will eat
only one sort of scale. Hence continual
research and minute observation have
been necessary to secure for the several
varieties of scales that have been
brought to California the proper scale
enemies.
Most of the beneficial insects are ex
tremely minute. Some of them, in fact,
are hardly discernible, except under a
microscopic lens. Notwitnstandlng this
every beneficial insect has been en
dowed with a name a foot long and
has had an appetite for scales that has
proved that it could be relied upon to
pay strict attention to business.
SEEN THROUGH LENSES.
If the great work that is now fairly under
way is to t» brought to a successful finish It
will be necessary, for your committee to have
the full amount of $50,000 pledged not later
than April 1. That we may know Just where
we stand ind«Just what is expected of us your
prompt reply will be greatly appreciated
. Subscription books, records of exhibits col
lected and plans now under way are ooen for
inspection at any time.
Trusting the above will receive your hearty
indorsement and prompt response, we remain
yours truly,
E. B. POND (Chairman).
H. U. BRA.VDEX8TEIN,
IRVING K. MOULTON
C. S. LAUMEISTER.
JOSEPH SLOSS. .
co-operation and assistance in making a dis
play at the St. Louis World's Fair which will
advertise to the world the commercial Impor
tance and advantages of San Francisco, and
which will be a credit to our <lty.
The opportunity thus afforded is an unusual
one. San Francisco is to have her own build-
Ing, modeled after the terry building:, on the
model street, near the main entrance to' the
grounds. The San Francisco exhibit will b«
In the San Francisco building. -_
Fifty thousand dollars will be required for
erecting and maintaining the bulldlnc and for
exhibits and current expenses during the life
of the fair.
The ordeal of taking up a public collection
It not altogether a pleasurable task, and is.
to say the least, trying and difficult. Tour
committee, therefore, before making a can
vass, has attempted to arrive at what might
appeal to those willing to give as their rea
sonable proportion of the amount necessary to
be raised. Your committee earnestly hopes
that you will approve of Its plan for collec
tion, and that in your case ita estimate will
seem about right.
ATHLETES- TO COMPETE
MANY ARE INTERESTED
Drunken Soldier Is Found
Floating "at Attention" on
the Early Morning Tide
Attractive Programme Com
pleted for the Coming St.
Patrick's Day Celebration
Craw Puts Up Most Unique of All State Exhibits.
Headquarters of Commission Are About to Close.
San Francisco Fund Is Still Lacking $23,000
Internecine Strife Threatens
to Disrupt Order of Daugh
ters of the Golden West
GOES VOYAGING
IN HIS SLEEP
IRISHMEN PLAN
A JOYFUL TIME
FAIR NATIVES
ENGAGE IN WAR
MAKING FINAL PREPARATIONS
TO MOVE ONWARD TO ST. LOUIS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. . MARCH 10. 1904.
I-, No ; prize, yet all prize. Hllla ' Bros.'
Arabian Roast Coffee. : . • f •
', TOKIO, - March 9. — It . la announced on reli
able authority that Prince and Princess Ari-
Migawa will reoretent . the Japanese court at
the'St. Louis Exposition.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR'li^
General Manager.
1O-KIGKT — £Xats. Sit. and San.
H'**nffld'E M»rry Comedy <•>? the Tyrol.
AT THE WHITE IS?
HORSE TAVERN |l^».
Ev^s.. 25c to 70c. Mat5.. Sat. & Sun.. 25c to W>c
NKXT MONDAY— V.AGNHRS MCGEC PLAT.
PARSIFAL
First Time in Dramatic Form.
Beautiful Effort* — Orrh«*tra of Twenty.
SALE NOW IN PROGRESS.
fc"rl Price*: Evgs.. '2Zc to Jl: Mat*.. 23c to 75c.
No One Seated at Parsifal After tj p. m.
Market Street. Near Eighth. Pheae £outh S33.
TO-NIGHT — ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Magnificent Prortuctioo of the Everlastlcg;
Favorite of Old an£ Town*.
RIP VAN WINKLE
HERS CHE I. KAYALL as SXP.
ftf"r* ~ 1 -- Beautiful Catskilla. the Storied
\LL Jiudson. the quaint Dutch Village.
mjLL ihe Wonderful Cave, the Mountain
EIv**, and a Matchlers PUy. •
pDlfPC EVENING? 10c to 80c
rniVLJ MATINEES 10c 15c. 23c
£T. PATRICKS WEEK. MARCH 14.
"SKAinrS O'BRIEN"
TivoussiT
EECOND WEEK and Tremendous Success of
Johar.n Strauss 1 Masterpiece.
Gypsy Baron
A Romantic Or*ra in Thr»« Acts.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN ENGLISH OF
S1G. DOMENICO RUSSO
The Favorite Tenor.
MATINEE SATURDAY".
EECUP.E SEATS IN ADVANCE!
VTXT MB. PICKWICK
TVual Pcpuiar Prices 25s. COc and 75 C I
Box Ee*ts $1 09 '
Hold ~T Are You
On! I Goin^
To a Th«>at»r To-Ni*ht?
Do low Want to F«>» th» B»*t.- th* Funniest
oX Alt Musical Comedies?
THE ROUNDERS
A Posktivi P*:iBation*I Succtmmi.
Come See Our New. Great Comedy Stars.
UICHARD V. CARROLL and JOHN P
KENNEDY.
Reserved Seats — Night*. 25c. 50c and 75c.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and 50c.
("hiliiron at Matinee*. 25c and 10c.
i
Pflian* D0INrT fail to
laiaVW Bet bcotifnj
* COURT Lounging
fllm room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r i PALM ROOM, the
iimna louis xv par.
U~l~\~ DIES * WRITINQ
Hotels room -
AMUSEMENTS.
To-Ififfht at 8:15— Saturday Aft. at 3
HOMER DAVENPORT
On "THE POWER OF A CARTOON" :
With Sketches Drawn Before the Audience
SEATS. $1.00. 75c AND 00c
Children 50c to Alt Parts of the House
"NEW ZEALAND"
Four Chats on This Interesting Country
By XATB JANIBCH
With MoTlnff Picturet and Colored Views
I Monday. Wednesday, Friday Nights, March H,
16. 18. Matinee Friday. 18th. Seats 00c,
75c, $1. Box Office Sherman. Clay A Co.'s.
HAROLD BAUER
...LYRIC HALL...
Next Tuesday Night
Next Wednesday Matinee
Entirely New Programmes
Seats Now Ready at Sherman, Clay ft Co.'s.
PDIfPQ Evenings 75c. (1.00. 11.00
rlilWCJ Matinee ...5Oc, $1.00. J1.5O
NEXT SITNDAT AFTERNOON
THIRD KOPTA "POP" CONCERT.
GRANDS
BEGINNING MONDAY, MARCH 21,
rISECB Magdala
SEAT SALE MONDAY 9 A. M.
Prices, 50c, 75c, $1, $1.50, $2.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Racing Each Week Day. Rain or Bhlne.
Six or More Races Daily. ¦'.
Races commence at 2:15 p. tn. sharp.
For special trains stopplna* at the track uka
6. P. Ferry. loot of Market street, at 12. 12-30.
1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two
can. which an reserved for ladles and their
eecorta.
Returning train* leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 ard Immediately after the last race
THOMAS. H. WILLIAMS. President. -
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.;
l»5c to W)c
AMUSEMENTS.
An Easy
Test
To ascertain exactly
what your sickness COMES FROM.
One day you suspect it's "from something I've eaten."
Next day perhaps "it's the change in the weather."
Next day it's "I have overworked a bit."
Again it's "because I can't sleep."
You occasionally have a suspicion that coffee causes the troubles and
sometimes really believe you should stop coffee and see if it really does
what some people claim. But the breakfast comes on and the coffee is
there, and "it's so hard to Rive it up."
"If I really thought coffee was hurting me I would quit it, because I
value health above everything, but as long as there's a doubt I keep oa
lysing coffee and yet staring me in the face is the fact that I have
Taken medicines of many kinds.
Changed food.
Tried exercise.
Changed climate.
"Tried various other methods to
get well and yet"
"Here I Am"
"Ailing right along and getting slowly a little worse each month."
"Something must be done, for there is but one end to the road I ta
now going."
. - "Oh, rats about the coffee; it don't hurt me. Why, I've drank it for
20 years."
"Experiment to learn the exact truth about it?"«
, "Why, of course, I would really like to know definitely and surely all
about it, for I want to find -the demon that keeps me ill, prevents my en-
joyment of health and strength and keeps me from success in business,
because I am half sick all the time."
"How's that? Quit coffee 10 days?"
"Pretty hard to do. neighbor."
"Easy when Postum is served in its place. Why?
Postum coffee when properly brewed (and that's easy) has the deep
seal brown of fine old gov't Java, which changes to a rich golden brown
when cream is added. It does not possess the strong acrid taste of Rio
Coffee, but has the mild, fine crisp flavor of the higher grades of Java and
a fragrance all its own. With many cultivated people it ranks in flivor
above ordinary coffee.
So, it's easy to shift from ordinary coffee* to Postum and make the 10
•days' test to see if you can locate the thing that is eating away your life.
. ® KOSS1D18
Argument* Will Stand
{Thousands qi People
V . ' .' ' -^:>V-V : ¦
. If as a result of this test you find, in 2 or 3 days, peaceful sleep re-
turns, appetite comes keen again, stomach no longer feels sick and abused.
Breath sweet once more and tongue clean.
The yell jw skin takes on pink and white.
Bowels become natural and voicon walk forth wi:h the old time
spring of conscious strength and healti
TTIigiv
and only then will you certainly know that coffee has all along been your
hidden enemy, and how much yon have thrown away in Reace. money, com-
fort, accomplishment and position during the past years, and all for the
miserable pittance of a morning cup of coffee.
Poor old weak humanity! What chattering, doddering fools we are to
exchangethe brilliant and wonderfui birthright for such a mess of pottage.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
POSTUM CTRTfRAT^
VU faUmJ9i A UAOilS MATH
THIS and y^
KE2CT WEEK.
N^> V > With
**^ The Sensational
Ch&mparne Daace.
The Moct Gorgeous Musical Comedy Production
Ever Seen Here.
Nightly, including: Sunday — Saturday Matinee.
A BIG, NEW SHOW!
Barrows-Lancaster Company; Poet-
tinger'g Swedish Ladles' Quintet;
Fergnson and Mack: Gillo's Artesto;
Lowe-Hugbeg Duo, and Orpheum
Motion Pictures. Last times of Nir-
vana and her Statue Horse, "Loki";
Carlin and Otto, and Al Anderson
and BUI Brlggs.
Rerular Matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Eunday. Prices 10c, 25c
and 50c.
CALIFORNIA
DANIEL 5LJLLY~|
Presenting his latest success, H
THE CHIEF JUSTICE
By FITZGERALD MURPHT. H
a NEXT WEEX, g|
H MR. SULLY in His Last Season's E
P Euceesflt n
I THE OLD HILL STREAM. |
Hlsrh-Clasa Specialties Every Afternoon
and Ere&lns; tn the Tborouirhly
Heated Theater. ?
TO-NIGHT
GALA AMATbUK PERFORMANCE
Concluding With
NEW LIVI.NG PICTURES '
SEE THE INTERESTING BABIES IN THE
INFANT INCUBATORS.
ADMISSION :10c I CHILDREN.. So
When Phoning Ask for "The Chute«."
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA.
I tor and Nervine.
The- most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy -for Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS *. BRUNE. Agents.
223 Market at.. S. F.— (S«nd for Circulars.)
Weekly Call $1 per Year-
VARY
YOUR ROUTE.
IF you came West over a northern route, you
should return via a southern route.
In like manner, if you made the trip to Cali-
fornia over a southern route, the thing to do is
to go East over a northern route.
* .» ¦
By doing this you will see just twice as
j much as if you used the same line in both
I directions.
Look into this matter of return routes and
you will find that the Rock Island System forms
a part of the best northern as well as the best
southern trans -continental line.
Northern Route is by way'of Ogden, Salt
Lake City, Colorado Springs and Denver.
Southern Route is via £1 Paso.
I Through car service both ways. Particulars
are given in our folders, at all Southern Pacific
ticket offices.
jFffi^RHjIig C. A. RLTHERFORD,
IUa*Aw«ljlujj District Pauenger Agent,
rUc 1^ sVl In I ilrsk 2 3 Market St., San Francisco, Csd.. VALLEJO, March 9.— The following
successfully passed the examination for
apprentices to the navy yard: ' J.. B.
Kelly, R.M.Pettia. Vallejo, and D. C.
Bain of San Francisco." Successful ap
prentices will report to commandant
on navy * yard on Saturday, March 13,
at 10 a.' m., J to be. assigned.
Successful in Examination.
LOS ANGELES, March 9. — At the
convention of the Knisrhts pf the Mac
cabees of ."California, in session here
to-day, the delegates voted to form a
great 1 ' camp; which practically gives
the order in' thi3^tate. home .rule. Of
ficers were chosen as. follows: H. L.
Tickner, San Francisco, past com
mander; S. W. Hall, Oakland, com
mander; Arthur. Wright, » Los Angeles,
lieutenant commander.
Maccabees Elect New Officers.
Robber Attacks an Aged -Woman.
GRASS VALLEY, March 9.— -Mrs.
John 7 Rodda, aged 74 years, was
brutally 'attacked at .her;. home m early
this morning by an unknown man,
who before leaving ransacked the
house. After Mrs. Rodda, who was
rendered unconscious, recovered -. her
senses' she summoned" help, but" no
trace of her assailant was found.'
PORTLAND, Or., March 9.— A special
dispatch to the Evening Telegram from
Ashland, Or., says: .' - "*;-
Freight traffic is temporarily para
lyzed on the Southern Pacific, by a tie-"
mendous landslide near Siskiyou, twen
ty miles south of Ashland, and trans
fers of passengers, mail and baggage
have to be made by overland trains. A
mass of shale and dirt 100 feet long and
thirty feet deep, which covers the track
just south of tunnel 13, will take a
steam shovel twenty-four: hours to re
move. , The barometer is falling and
more rain or. snow is coming.
Railroad Track Is . Covered a Depth
• of Thirty Feet', and Traffic is
— Paralyzed. - - .,
LANDSLIDE CAUSES <?^§
. BLOCKADE IN OREGON
NAPA, March 9.— Work, on the new
electric railroad between Napa, Valle
jo and Benlcia is progressing In spite
of wet weather. Some thirty-five
teams are now at work ¦ at Hathaway
Hill- bringing the grade down to the
proper level. This is within three
miles of Napa. Tuesday four large
scrapers arrived on the steamer St
Helena. The cpmpany will have • its
terminus on the Migliavacca lot, across
from -the Palace Hotel. ,- Cars will be
in operation In two or three months.
The company proposes to give thirty
minute service between Napa and Val
lejo; A run of 15 miles will be made
in about twenty minutes. Connections
will be made eo that six [ daily round
trips may be made over the line to
San Francisco.
Company Will Make the Run to
./ . Vallejo in Thirty {
MiriWs.
NAPA'S NEW ELECTRIC
LINE NEARS COMPLETION
BUTTE, Mont., March 9.— On the
charge that they were within the lim
its of the Rarus mine six miners from
the Pennsylvania, were arrested this
evening by County Attorney Breen.
The men In custody say the • Raru*
miners decoyed them into the Rarus
on the plea that some of the Rarus
miners were being suffocated by
smoke and help was • needed. The
Rarus miners claim the Pennsylvania
men invaded their workings to steal
ore and that the- Amalgamated men
were blasting to drive them out of the
workings and threatening to blast.
The Amalgamated claims the ground
where the -trouble occurred was
awarded it by the court. The Penn
sylvania belongs, to the Boston and
Montana Company, : or, otherwise, to
the Amalgamated Copper Company,
while the Rarus is a Heinze property.
* Pirst race — Dunpannon, Foxy Grand
pa, Jack Little. ,
Second race— Man«ard, Soothsayer. Ed
ucate. ' \
Third race— I.ady Kent, Mr. Dlnffle,
David S.
Fourth race — Quiz IX, Zdoro, Prue
wood.
Fifth race — Montana Peeress, Out
burst, Illowaho.
Sixth race — I.ord Wadsworth, &e«T«s,
Atwood. |
PROBABLE WINNEBS.
Workmen From theJ'eiiiisyl
• yania Shafts Are Arrested
at Instance of lleinze
llncing at Hot Springs.
. -Hcfr SPRINGS, Ark., March 9.— Essex Park
r*-«uUs :, '
First rare, six furlongs. Kelllnpr — Martlus
won. Countess Clara second. Rose Court third
T»riie. J :18. ,
.Second race, one mile, selling — Klnpstelle
weJn, PeppeT Dick necond, Taxman third. T-ime.
1:41.
Third race, mile and a quarter, hurdles —
Varner .won,, Don- Ami second, Mrs. Grannan
third: Time,' 2:19%. ,
¦ Fourth.' race. - six furlongs, selling — Belle,
Mahone wpn. Harvester second. Matt Wadlelgh
third. • Time, 1 1 :10!i.
.Fifth race, . one mile — » Ralph Young won,
imbYrfen second, Irby Bennett third. Time,
1:41«;.. <. ¦¦ • .- •
Hljrth race.' five and a half furlong;*, selling—
Robbie - May , wfcn. Budweiser second. Silver
fringe third. Time. 1 :OS>J.
Senior Athletes Win
A LAM EDA. March 9. — In the semi
annual Inter-class field day held by the
students of the Alameda High School
yesterday the seniors scored 53. the
Juniors 45 and the middle class 13
points. The members of the winning
team were .Alexander Mackle Jr.,
Stephen Otis, Bruce Spencer and Nor
man d'Evelyn.
Democrats' Elect Turec Councilmen.
TSEATTL.E, March 9. — Complete re
tjirns.show that the Republicans car
ried trie city election yesterday by a
large majority, only three Council
men being elected by the Democrats.
The-;Republican plurality on the ticket
at large, exclusive of Ballinger, was
4578. Ballinger's plurality was only
1268! : The Prohibition - and Socialist
tkrlceti •• received an Inconsiderable
vote. V£M'
•.Apprentice allowance,
sixth race — Six and a half furlongs, three
year-olds and up, purse.
6875 Reeves (Lamaraey Bros.) 10i
<fl847) Atwpod (Hemingray) 101
6246 Sttlfcho (Jennings) 104
(Cl OS) Lord Wadsworth (Ferguson) 101
MINERS JAILED
FOR TRESPASS
olds and up, selling.
•197 El Fonee (Fink) J05
6204 Polonius (Stewart & Co.) 108
C247 Theodora L (Smith) 103
6232 'Montana Peeress (Coffey) VS
(1204 Outburst (McAlester) 1C8
«20« Virgle d'Or (McDowell) 10-".
6244 'Rlmrock (Jones) l«w
5590 Illowaho (Stover) : . . .105
First race, seven furlongs — Our Jcwle won,
Amorus second, John Coulter, third. Time,
i.27 1-6. ' •
Heeond ¦ race, mile and seventy yards — Pronta
won. Burning Glass second, Macbeth, third.
Tinle," 1:15. '
Third r«c«». »!x furlongs — Roue won. Athlana
secc-.id-.- Presentation third. Time, l:ljJ4-ft.
Fourth rac*. one mile, handicap — Port Royal
won, Lura Lighter second, Rainland third.
Tim», 1:40 4-5.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth, selling: — The
Messenger • won. Free Admission second,
Melsteralnger third. Time. 1:84 4-5.
Sixth raw, fix furlongs, eellins — Sid Silver
won. Lady Ra>* second, Ilarmakis third. Time,
1:141-5 ;:
NEW ORLEANS, March 9. — Crescent City
result* "
New Orleans Race Results.
Sixth race fix and a half furlongs". Felling —
laureate*. 107 - (Hildebrand). 0 to 5, won;
Canejo 107 U. Lewlo), 1? to 1, second; # Flor
estan. 1C0 (Mountain), 4 to 1, third. Time.
l:22"4. ' Pilot, Madame Bishop. Evander and
Wager- also ran.
Fjfth fare, one and three-sixteenth milea,
Felling — Grail. 95 (Hlldeirand), 10 to .1. won:
Discus. 86 (.Johnson), 7 to I. second; Ernr, H4
H.T. Bookert, IS to 1. third. Time, " 2:02»4.
Uocr, Lurdan and Iras also ran.
Fourth iJtce,, six furlones, handicap— Ocean
Dream. 110 (J. Lewis). 3 to 1 .won; Incubator,
10T! fHlldeforand) 2 to 1. -second: Americano,
100 (Mountain). 5 to 1. third. Time, 1:14%.
Americano .and Cruzados coupled. Golden
JiOle Uft. Cillant and Princess Titanla also
ran.
ThlrJ race, one and an eijehth miles, hurdle
handicap — Cambareret 1S2 (Schimniel), even,
iron; Milris. "130 '(Archibald), X to 1. second;
Heir Apparent. 150 (Sutherland), 3 to 2. third.
Time. 2:04>4. Heir Apparent and Frank Mc-
Ke« roupk-d. Can Nell and Rey del Rio also
rah;
.Seoond race. Fix anda half furlongs, selling —
Quidado. 1C«J (U Jackson). 7 to 1, won; Chief
Aloha,- IP* (Feicht). 11 to 5. second; Lady
Fonse. 90 (Anderson). 3 to 1. third. Time
1 :?•''!•¦ J-dndseer. Helen Wood*." Ulm. General
Cronje. Judce Napton, OHvelo, Flamero and
McAna lilto ran. - »
First ; race. - sfven furlongs, selling — Proflt
able,. 102 (Feicht). 0 to 1. won; Jim Gore II,
10* (Henderson)." 7 to 1, second; Phyz. 110
(Lawrence). 7 to 2. third. Time, 1:31. Capl
toi; lnn«brcuck.' Gibraltar. Nina B L.. Japalak.
<Jray Mom, Major Hooker and Dupont also
nln. . .
The last race went to Laureatea, the
6 to S favorite, in a neck finish with
Canejq. a. 12 to 1 chance. Florestan
was third.
.Weather- good; track fast. Sum
mary: .j ; .
The first race went to Profitable at
6 . .to.,1.', J.im Gore,, being second . and
Phyz third. .Dupont, the 7 to 5 favor
ite, was not In the money.
Quidado nosed out Chief Aloha, the
favorite, in the second. Lady Fonse,
the second" choice, was third.
Cambaceres was in good jumping
form to-day and easily won the hurdle
handicap from Milas, which was played
for a killing. Heir Apparent was third.
Cambaceres was the closing first choice
at even money. i
Grail was the odds-on favorite in
the mile and three-sixteenths race and
W.&B never in danger, winning in 'a
gallop by four lengths. Discus was
second, while Erne, at 15 to 1, got the
¦"show. - "•
LOS AXQEL.ES, March 9.— The fea
ture of to-day's racing at Ascot was
the six-furlong handicap, won by
Ocean Dream, in which Golden Rule
and Princess Titanla closed equal fav
orites at 2*4 to 1. 'incubator, on which
Hildebrand had the mount, was play
ed down from 8 to 1 to 3 to 1. Bald
win's entry, Americano and Cruzados,
closed at/5. Ocean Dream at 3 to 1
beat out Incubator in a hard drive, by
a nose, while Americano, "the pacemak
er, wag third.- Golden Rule was left
atJhe post, burning up a pile of mon
ey.
' Britt w«>nt on the road yesterday
mornirp for a ten-mile stroll at an
easy pace. In the afternoon he drove
to Oakland in a buggy to visit a friend
in a sanitarium there. Upon returning
at 3 o'clock he' donned the gloves with
Frank Rafael, punched the bag and
Flipped the rope. .
"We have just been learning how to
mix up some of the medicine that Mr.'
Corbett doles out to his opponents. I
mean to have a good supply of it on
tap when I meet him. and will do my
best to give him all he can assimilate
of his own prescriptions. If Mr. Cor
bett attempts to use the rough tactics
with 'me that I have seen him use on
others he will probably find he will
h<> checkmated." *¦
Young Corbett, the J. Pierpont Mor
fb>n of the prizering, has succeeded In
having Britt agree to still another
change In the division of the purse for
which they are to fight on the 25th ins t.
It was first given out that the purse
would be divided €0 per cent to the win
ner and 40 per cent to the loser.
After thinking this over Corbett had
a talk with Britt and convinced him
that aa he was the featherweight cham
pion and was going out of his class he
should be allowed to dictate the terms.
Britt finally agreed to this and Corbett
named his terms. They were that he
was to receive half the purse if he loat
and 60 per cent if he won.
The more the little Denver boxer
thought of this the less he liked It, but
he did not think Britt, would agree to
another change. He sent a friend to
Britt to sound him on the subject 'and
the Californian nearly took his breath
away. Jumping at the suggested terme
as a hungry trout strikes at a highly
colored fly.
Corbett's latest proposition waa .that
the winner take 65 per cent and the
h-ser 35. Under this arrangement he ie
in effect betting 15 per cent of the
purse against 5 per cent, or 3 to 1, that
he will win. Under the previous ar
rangement he would have received 60
per cent If he won and BO per cent if
he lost.
Britt did not rest easy until he saw
Corbett's signature to this latest
amendment to the articles of agree
ment. The incident shows the absolute
confidence each boxer has in his ability
to win the contest.
Corbett has set the sporting wise
acres guessing. His only work yester
day was a long tramp on the road. He
is a firm believer in this as a con
ditioner and keeps as far away from
the gymnasium as possible. This lat
ter work is drudger}' to him and he
avoids it as much as he can. He had
his rigrht hand tied in a handkerchief
yesterday and explained that he had
cut himself slightly. There is an im
pression that he v.ould like the idea to
get abrcEad that he may not be at his
best when he meets Britt so that he
could get a price against his money in
the betting.
Britt and his astute adviser. Spider
Kelly, are daily perfecting the plan of
battle the Californian will hand out
to Young Corbett when the two crack
boxers come together in the ring. They
are as secretive about the tactics as
any Russian or Japanese campaign
board could be. and when going
through the work do so behind closed
doors. The first of these star chamber
mix-ups was held at Britfs training
quarter^ at Croll's Gardens in Ala
meda yesterday afternoon, and if
Jimmy's appearance when he came out
where other persons could see him
¦was a true index of his feelings Kel
ly's plans are an inspiration of con
fidence to Britt. When asked what
he hid been doing in the secret cham
ber with the chief of his training staff,
Jimmy said:
Wins Hurdle Handicap From
Milas, the Heavily Backed
Choice — Grail in a Gallop
Calif orniaii and Spider Kelly,
His Mentor, Discuss a Plan
of Campaign for the Bout
EXTKIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
Bftlllnr.
fi278 Forwt Fire (McCabe)... ........101
fl254 Vaughan (Mrs. Hertzell) ..100
C231 Dungannon (Knebelkamp)" ...........105
C291 The Bugaboo (Kppinger) 110
«219 Hoceo (Photo Stable) 1C5
Ct'5O 'Midway (Piedmont Stable) 03
C27S 'Charlie Schwelzer (Biasingame) '98
6280 'Foxy Grandpa (Coftey) 101
C278 Jack IJttle (Fine) .103
61MI *Emil (Williams) 9S
6264 'Dusty Miller (Sheridan) ..-...- 101
•Second race — Futurity .course; tnree-year
olds and up; purse.
Oftft Cherries (Stover) j CO
CJX'fl Egyptian Prlncws (O'Rourke) .109
5578 Educate (Chappell) .....;109
534fl Maxetta (Jeuness) 95
SS49 Soothsayer (Lamasney Bros.) . . . . . . . ..Ill
<324t» Olympian (Schorr) .....' ...114
G2.M Iiora I (Wellman) ..:....... 109
6170 Petrolia (Knight & Co.)..... 05
...-. Mansard (Smith) ..100
"Third : race— One mile; three-year-olds and
up;-selllnsr '
6268 'Elmer L (Klunder). ,...99
(8231)*Laocoon (Coffer) .:....:.... S6
C281 *Mr. Dingle ;>' (Tierney) ..; ..;.1CO
(62«9)Davld S (Stanfleld) ..: 1O b
6259 I»ady Kent (Wellman) 104
6016 Tamm (Magrane) 100
6266 Nellie Bawn (McCabe) 99
€281 'Prince Blazes (Balrd & Co.).. 101
. Fourth race— Six furlongs,* four- year-olds and
up,: telling: ..'--¦-. : ¦
62.14 Quiz II (McCafferty) 107
6290 Captivate (Blanchl & Co.) 100
6184 Hellas (Creely) ic»
:«136 'Pruewood (McAlester)- 95
/B264)Sklp Me (Madison & Co.). .ilOT,
' t>208 'Rene (Lamasney).. 95;
4480 Sir DouRal (Sheridan) lfr>
6863 Idogo ¦ < Rafour) ; : .'.-.. l(f"
6100 "Jean Gravler (Becker) ............ ..07
6232 Goldflnder (Fitxgerald) .....lO^
BS70 'Maraschino (Smith) ...",...... ..V...V 97
€214 Benlash (Jeuness) ....... ..'.... ...&;. 102
Fifth race — Mile and ttf ty yards, four-year-
Hulford, a full brother to Gaviota
and a product of Napa stock farm,
brought a large price as a yearling.
,"Big Bill" Knapp, while he did not
win on Joe Lesser, did manage to
finish among the\flrst ttiree, which is
more than Bonnerdid when, that rid
er piloted the gelding.
Whiskers was probably started to
get weight oft in next year's Burns
handicap.
Barney Schrelber will undoubtedly
bring his crack colt, Pinkerton, up
from Los Angeles to start in the stake
on Saturday.
-. The 'well known owner, Matt Storn,
is still on the sick list.
Amy J will probably be favorite for
the Bell stake to be decided on Sat
urday.
Twenty-two bookmakers made the
required weight yesterday.
Seven strung across the track at the
conclusion of the mile selling number
kept the Judges busy placing the first
three horses. The Fretter, a lukewarm
ZVz to 1 favorite, poked his head in
front at the paddock and kept it there
to the wire, just beating Polonius a
scant head. Outburst ran a close third.
Buxton did not ho so well in the last,
a slx-furlong spin, in which he piloted
the favorite, Hainault. By degrees he
moved up with the brown gelding and
when Mimo and First Chip had shot
their bolt took the lead in the stretch.
Quietly Willie Daly stole up on the out
side with the 15 to 1* shot Ocyrohe and,
outriding Buxton, dropped the despised
one down first by a head. Muresca
wan a starter, but quit badly after
showing a flash of speed.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
FIXISII IS CLOSE.
All three, Pickaway, Fair Lady Anna
and Alice Carey, were played to win
the Introductory sprint, the former
closing a slight favorite. Alice Carey
was bumped at the start and thereafter
Travers displayed as much judgment
as the monkey did when he placed Ifis
head in the lion's mouth. Never much
of a weight packer Pickaway led until
well Into the stretch, where Fair Lady
Anna went to the front, winning clever
ly. Yellowstone was third. -
Willie Daly, on Anirad, favorite for
the seven furlong selling jaunt, scram
bled the eggs to the Queen's taste, and
the Coffey entry never knew he was in
a race. "Big Bill" Knapp hustled Hul
ford. the second choice, away from the
barrier in lively fashion and the brother
to Gaviota made a cathop of it, lead-
Ing Mountebank out nearly three
lengths. Gateway, a' 100 to 1 shot,
owned by Tommy Lottrldge, finished
a good third. Whiskers made a most
indifferent showing. • •
"VV. H. Hammond's clever filly, Th«
Mist, captured the two-year-old scram
ble. Ridden again by Jack Martin fhe
was backed down to 9 to 10 at post
time, and taking the lead in the stretch
from George P. McNear downed Arisbt,
the Napa stock farm representative, a
couple of lengths. The latter miss car
ried 111 pounds to the winner's 104, and
met with none too good luck the first
part of the race, Bullman being cut oft
and compelled to drop in behind the
pacemakers. Salabl^ ran a fair third.
THREE ARE PLAYED.
Despite the threatening aspect of
the weather there was 4n excellent at
tendance. Favorites took but two
purses.
The heavy track should have suited
the favorite, too, but there was some
thing radically wrong with his corK
screw underpinning, for after showing
a turn of speed that lasted about as
long as an electric spark he began a
retreat that did not cease until the
next to last position was reached.
Modicum, the Burns handicap win
ner, carrying 104 pounds, a 16 to 1
choice and ridden by Vanderbout,
skedaddled away in front and won
buck jumping at the finish from G-. W.
Trahern. Joe L«sser, on which there
was a steady play, ran a fair third,
not quite twb lengths in advance of
Sailor Knot.
Sidney Bender's corrugated Iron
mud horse, Lord Melbourne, j>laced a
crimp In the "talent at Oakland yester
day that a steam flatiron won't smooth
out in a week and a half.
His Lordship captured a handicap
only the day before and the $1000 mile
and a sixteenth fixture, with only 104
pounds' to manipulate, looked like
something an old aunt had willed him.
The 2 to 1 at first painted up by the
layers speedily gave way to 8 to 5 and
lover. . •
CONFIDENCE IS SHOWN
CA&BACERES IN JUMPS
Is Favorite ior Six Furlong
Handicap at Ascot Park,
, Which Goes toOceanDream
For the Third Time Corbett
and Jimmy Britt Change
the Division of the Purse
Lord Melbourne, Favorite
in Betting, Runs
Unplaced.
FIGHTERS SIGN
NEW AGREEMENT
GOLDEN ROLE
LEFT AT POST
MODICUM PILOTED BY VANDERBOUT
TAKES HANDICAP AT LENGTHY ODDS
WINNING HOUND
STARTS AGAIN
EASTERN TRIP
FOR OLYMPIANS
Bill Dugan Will Try to Ee
peat His Performance of
Last Sunday at Union Park
Athletic Club Boxers Are to
Compete at the St. Louis
Exposition Tournament
CLEVER MEN , CHOSEN
WELL-BALANCED STAKE
Directors Plan a Pleasant
Pilgrimage for the Post-
Street Glove Wielders
Sixty-Four Greyhounds Will
Go to- the Slips in This
Week's Coursing Event
The greyhound Bill Dugan, winner
of last week's stake at Union Cours
ing Park, is again In the running for
Sunday's event. He is drawn against
John Heenan in the first round.
The stake is limited to sixty-four
entries as usual. While the names of
some of the class dogs are missing, tha
stake is an evenly balanced one and
it will be difficult to pick the ultimate
winner. The draw last night resulted
as follows:
Clovtrdale v«. PromethSus; Mellinwood vs.
Frisky Barbara: Amandan vs. Pasha Pleasant;
Tex»s Ginger vs. Iluby Sankey; Eazl* vs.
Snapper Garrison; Vina vs. Real Arttcle; Cu
banola vs. Advertiser; Peter Mclntyre vs. Lord
Brazen; Silver Heels vs. Wave of 'Fortune:
Haughty Helen vs. Sir Wlnton; Royal Friend
vs. Concord Tralee; Frlendlesa Boy vs. Sofala;
Free From Flaw vs. Fair Tralee; Rusty Ajc
vs. Miss Green; Sempronius vs. Pepper Jack;
Piker vs. Game Boy: Apple Blosaor» • vs.
Shadow; McVey vs. Jtenegadc Apai-he; Merry
Go Round vs. General do Wet; Queen'* Motto
vs. Sacramento Boy: Free Born vs. Ml Amigo:
Money Musk vs. P.agtlme; Idaho Boy vs. Com
mercial Traveler; Frisco Lad vs. Liberator:
Viking ts. The Referee; Tamora vs. Ba!rk
Coon: Raby Aurora vj>. Donnybrook; Tral<»«
Boy v». McHenry: Sir Pasha vs. Adonts; An
gle W vs. Red Rock: Bill Dugan vs. John
Heenan; Fenli vs. Vandal.
Union Men May Be in Contempt.
SAN JOSE. March 9. — Judge Tuttle
to-day cited Charles H. Harrison, sec
retary, and William Harper, a member
of the Building Trades Council, to
show cause on Friday next why they
should not be punished for contempt
of court for alleged violation of the
order enjoining Interference with tha
business of the J. F. Parkinson Com
pany of Palo Alto pending the deter
mination of the latter's suit against
the Building Trades Council. The or
der was made upon affidavits of Par
kinson and G. W. Doughty.
In view of the marked Interest dis
played by the members of the Olym
pic Athletic Club in amateur boxing
President William Greer Harrison and
the directors have decided that the
club shall be represented In that de
partment of sport at the St. Louis
Exposition.
The matter was discussed at the
last meeting of the directors and as
sumed shape at ance. The selection
of the men was placed In the . hands
of De Witt Van Court, the club's com
petent boxing instructor. The num
ber to. go has not been determined
upon, as it will depend on the funds
available.
The most prominent candidates are:
Heavy-weight— Sam Berger.
Light heavy-weight— Harry Chester.
Middle-weight — George Murray.
Lightweight— Robert Lundie, Robert Cairns
and Jack McCarthy. .
Special, 125 rounds — W. J. Leonard.
Feather- weight — Willie Dwyer.
Professor Van Court believes these
boys will outclass any of the Eastern
boxers. Of the champions who visit
ed this coast some years since, Scholes.
the Canadian, was the only one who
made a brilliant showing. Dukelow
was a failure, while Rodenbach and
the others did nothing out of the or
dinary.
It is expected a number of Olympic
Club men will time their visit to the
exposition so that they can accom
pany the party. In this way a special
car could easily be filled. The box
ers are delighted with the prospect
and are already In light training. It
is not known yet when- the tourna
ment will be hssld.
Kid McCoy\to Fight Placke.
NEW YORK, March 9.— Kid McCoy
has been matched to fight Henry John
Joseph Placke, the Hollander, who has
Just arrived.* The bout, which will take
nlace in Philadelphia the night of April
1. is to go six rounds. Placke weighs
'J30 pounds and he measures 6 feet 5^
inches in height. X
OAKLAND BACXSACX — Wednesday. March 9, 1904. Weather cloudy. Track heavy
1 . — — , - —
C2ttO. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds" and up; value to first. $325.
Ind>xl Horse and Owner. : Wt St. %.- ft. %. Str. Fin!, Jockey. Op. Cl.
r^o5\ Ef ! , r **• Anna . * (McCafferty) 105 3 ... 22 23 2112 Bonner S 8
X ZzV Pickaway. 4 (A. J. Jackson). 107 1 ... 12 1^1^22 Sherwood .. B-2 1S-5
TelloWf »tone. 5 (W p pine).. 110 4 ... 3 h 4 h 5 4 3 2% J. Daly 8 11
£2j0 Alice Carey. 4 (H. E. Rowell) 100 6 ... 5 10 3 h 31 41 Travers .'.. 5-2 14-5
5oi. £ a P tIva *e. 6 (Blanchl & McO.) 105 5 .. . 4 n 5 8 4 n 5 2 . J. Martin.. 8 «
noni ? ionda - 6 (R - Hughes) 107 2 ... 0 4 6 10 6 15 6 20 Buxton 60 150
C268 Sunello. a (M. Storn) ..107,7 ... 7 7 7 7 C. Smith... 30 100
Time — :24^. :5O%. ¦ 1:03%. At post % minute. Oft at 2:13H- Anna, place. 4-B; show,
<--, 8 - Pickaway. place, 1; show, 2-5. Yellowstone, show. 8-5. , Winner. br: m. by
. Plaudit-Red Belle. Trained by C. McCafferty. Scratched— Hlrtle Pencil Me. Benlash.
fcol Lichtensteln. Start good. Won cleverly. Next two driving. Pickaway is not
partial to weight and Fair Lady Anna outstayed him. Yellowstone ran a fair race, after
nearly knocking down two or three at the start. After being bumped Travers on Alice
Carey seemed to lose his bearings and ran Into all the deep going. Captivate did
fairly well. .
6291 . SECOND RACE— Seven, t urlongB ; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
I l? dex (-' Horse and Owner" Wt St. %! ft~. \. Str. Fin. Jockey] Op. Cl.
i (6219) Hulford. 3 (H. Stover) 1C0 4 In In 1 3HI 3 1 2^ Knapp ' 5-2 17-8
Ci..j5 Mountebank, a (Keating Co.) 103 6.4 b 4n 2 >4 2 K 2 1« Buxton .... 10 15
C1S6 Gateway, 3 (T. AV. Lottrldge) 101 9 7 1 6 2%4 1 • 4 2 3 14 C. King CO 1«»
<«J30> Adirondack. 4 (Shannon) 104 5 0n7162 6n42 J Martin.. fi S
(0114) Whiskers. 5 (R. Wilson) 115 7 8 1 9 8 *& & W & ft Travers ... 4 23-5
, h-M5 Mr. Farnure. 4 (McCafferty).. 100 2 5 1%5 H 5 1^3 1 « 1 Bonner .... 10 15
6271 Anlrad. 3, (Mrs. Coffey) 91 8 0 8 % 7 % 5 % 7 4 \V. Daly... 6-2 13-5
0256 Albemarle. 4 (J. Quintan) 109 1 2 >,£ 2 2 3 n 7 V» 8 ft I. Powell.. 10 12
6231 The Bugaboo. 3 (Epplnger).. 95 3 3 1 3 % 9 0 9 J. Jones.... 15 15
Tlme—:2iy t . H9\c,, 1:17%. 1:30%. At poet ft minute. Off at 2:37%. Hulford. place. 6-5;
show.. 1-2. Mountebank, place. 6; show, 3. Gateway, show, 20. Winner, ch. g. by
Crichton-Nellie Bell. Trained by H. Stover. Scratched — Ripper. Start good. Won
- easily. Next three driving hard. Knapp on Hulford got away well and the gelding
galloped. Mountebank showed Improvement. Gateway will win soon. Adirondack ran
his race. Whiskers off. poorly. Anirad received wretched handling from start to finish.
Albemarle quit. Was not ridden in the best footing.
0292. . THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs; purse; 2-year-olds; value to first. $325.
lndex| Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. "t>p.
6255 the Mist (W. H. Hammond) 104 7 ... 3 % 1 n\l n 12 |'j. Martin.. 4-5 7-10
(0SS5) Arlsbe (Napa Stock Farm)... Ill 8 ... 4 2>>4 1%« 2 2 2% Bullman .. 7 8
CL'i'O Salable (Blaslngame Bros.)... 104 1 ...• 5 1%5 2 S 2%3 ?i fCrosswalte 8 10
6220 Efluardo (B. & W.) ....112 2 ... 7n 72 64 4 2 y. Bell 8 11
(OJ55) George P. McNear (H Stover) 115 4 ... 2 1 2 ?4 2 n 5 n See 10 11
5787 Henry Ach (B. Schretber) 107 3 ... In 3 2 3% 63 Knapp 10 11
(0267) Inspector Halpin (Schrelber).. 107 8 ... 6n B 1%7 8 7 10 Bonner • •
6030 Mlzpah (Summers & Co.) 100 5 ... 8 8 8-8 |J.. T. Shehn 60 100
Time— :2i, :60. :57. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3-:06. Mist, place. 1-3; show, out. Arisbe]
place. 5-2; show. 1. . Salable, show, 6-5. Winner, ch. f. by Magnet-Tenebrae.
Trained by D. Cameron. Start good. Won easily. Next three driving hard. The Mist
passed McNear when ready and had something left to finish on. Latter found the route
, .too far. Arisbe pocketed the first part of it finished strong. Salable did well. Eduardo
late. Henry Ach quit «arly. • 'Coupled with Henry Ach.
021).'l. FOURTH RACE— 1 1-6 miles: handicap; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $800.
Index . Horse and Owner. Wt St. »i ] \T. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! cT
6257 Modicum. 4 (D. S. Fountain) 104 4 1 1%1 2%1 »4 1 1%1 2% Vandrbout 10 15
(6223) G. W. Trahern. 5 (Quinlan).. 100 .1 4 2%3 1>A2 n 2 n 2 3 J. T Shehn 4 18-B
6221 Joe LeBser, C (H. D. Beams). 102 2 2 % 2 h 3 3 3 3 3 1% Knapp 3 0-2
(0271) Sailor-Knot, 3 (M. J. Daly).. 96 5 5 10 5 15 4 2 4 n 4 6 W. Daly... 6 8
(»!282) Lord Melbourne, 4 (Bender). 104 1 3n 4n 5 12 5 10 5 2%IOliphant .. 2 8-5
C257 Vetcrano. 4 (W. C. Vlvell)... 100 6 6 6 6 6 6 JBonner 6 12
Time— :26._ :50%. 1:18%; 1:44. 1:51. At post Y*. minute. Off at 3:32. Modicum place.
5; show. 2. Trabern, place, 0-5: show, 1-2. Lesser, show. 3-6. Winner, b.- h' by St.
Gatlen-Moderacio. Trained by D. S. Fountain. Scratched — The Don. Start good. Won
galloping. Next two easily at the end. -Modicum had fresh speed "on tap to-day. G.
W.. Trahern ran his race. Joe Lesser showed Improvement. Sailor Knot ran disappoint
ingly. Oliphant sat as 'Immovable on Lord Melbourne as the statuettes on the Park
Museum building. Veterano no speed. ¦ .
<;::!)!. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. jWt St. Yi". %^ «i. Str. Fin. | Jockey, i Op. CL
6260 The Fretter. a (F. O'Rourke) 10.°> 7 7n-.fi »; 2 n 2 *i 1 h Buxton 4 7-2
6231 Polonium. 4 (Stewart & Co.).. 110 9 9 1%7 2 4%4V421%J. Daly ] « 5
«257 Outburst a ( J. J. McAlester) 100 5 3 1 3 % 3 h a n 3 »4 I Powell . . 10 12
«:2."!3 Chiokadoe. 6 (McCafferty). .. 10^ 4 10 2 9 2%9 3 6 2V-4 h Bonner 8 10
C2«fS Billy Moore a (T. T. Rector) 105 8 5n 4n 5%5%5% Bell 7-2 «
«232 Young Morello, a (Scharetg). VKl 11 fih 82 87 6n 6n Traver« ... tt 7
(«L'C8) Blackthorn, 5 <C. P. Fink)... 10S 3 2 % 2 n 1 1 1 h 7 3 J. T. Shehn in 13
C200 Carilee 0 (Applehy & Co.)... 08 2 4 h 5 n 7 1%7 % 8 % Crosswalte 13 12
6244 Decoy, a (G. Miller) 105 (i 1 1%1 % 6 3 Sn 9 1 J Martin.. » .'»
C067 The Counsellor. 4 (L. Rink).. 109 111 11 11 10 5 10 8 Heavner ..| «) 1U0
«2«C Mattie .Clark. 4/ (Dayton Co.)|10;{|10 8 n 10 3 10 n 11 11 J. Jones....! IJO 60
Time— :20VJ. :52. 1:17%, 1:46«4. At post- 4 minutes. Off at 4:01>.J. Fretter. place 5-2;
!>how. «-5. Polonius, place. 2: show. 0-5. Outburst, show. 5-2. Winner, ch. 'li. by
BrutuB-Nerva. Trained by A. C. RIdey. Scratched — Kickumbob. Start good. Won all
rtrlving to the limit. The Fretter looked the class, but Is not the horse he wa*.
. . . 1'olonius away poorly, finished down in, the ditch on the extreme " outside. Outburst
might have won had he not been cut off near the paddock by the winner. Chickadee
. came from far back. Billy Moore had a rough trip. Blackthorn quit. Decoy was
through early. * ' z.
«2J)5. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $025.
Indexl Horse and Owner. . Wt'St. Y* • ft- %• Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. cTT
(6242) Ocyrohe. 3 (Mrs. CoJfey). 95 3. ... S3 4%2n In W. Daly... : 10^ {?,
(6258) Hainault. 5 (Thomas & R.).. 107 2 ... 4 »i 3 n 8 1%2 1% Buxton 11-10 6-5
6258 Mimo 4 (P. Sheridan)... 104 1 ... 1 h 1 %.l n 3 4 Knapp 4 9-2
(6139) First Chip. 4 (E. Fitzgerald). 105 4 ... 2 1%2 % 4 1 4 1% Roach 5 1S-5
B803 Silurian. G (Lamasney Bros.). 99 6 ... 6 6 6 5 3 C. Smith... CO E«>
6195 Muresca. 5 (Mrs. Miller) 97 5 ... 3 3 5 6 6 2 6 Travers ... 4 5
Time—^i 1 .*. :4S*4, 1:16%. At post V* minute. OfT at 4:24. Ocyrohe. place, 5: show. S-5.
Hainauit, place 1-2; show. out. Mlmo, show. out. Winner. b. c. by Dr. McDride-
Ocypete. Trained by J. Coffey. Scratched— Ballroom Belle. Start good. Won cleverly
Next two driving. Hainault was leading Into the etretch, when Ocyrohe closed strong
" - on the outside and Daly outfinlshed Buxton. Mlmo raced First Chip Into subjection.
Silurian not ready." Not sloppy enough for Muresca.
Automobiles In Test Race.
NEW YORK, March 9.— It has been
practically ."decided by .the committee
in charge that the United States shall
send no" team" to Europe for the inter
national automobile cup race unless
those entered In the elimination trials
in April show qualities which are nec
essary to successful ' competition
against the cars of Europe. It is prc-b
able the race committee will give the
cars a thorough test of 200 to 200 miles
on either the Virginia beach or Ormond
beach, course. Providing a Tear cannot
stand the. strain of, 200 or S0O miles on
these level courses the committee will
reject it and the car will not be al
lowed to represent America In Europe.
Abe Attell Knocks Out Haley.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. March 9.— In a
one-sided bout that was- to have gone
twenty rounds to-night Abe Attell of
San Francisco knocked out Patsy
Haley at Buffalo in five rounds. Attell
¦weighed in at 121 pounds and Haley at
122 pounds.
SPORTS OF THE RACECOURSE, THE PRIZE RING AND COURSING FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. MARCH 10, 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM . CHART.
10
SOSESmdULCEIS JT%
SHOW A BAD CONDITION OF THE BLOOD fj|^ W
When the blood is in» bad condition a 'bruise, cut, " ra^\ 'Ky :
scratch, or any slight injury- to the flesh, is apt to become fe"^ yy
an ugly-looking sore or ulcer. Sometime? a boil, blister L >^a -
or pimple is the beginning of a large eating ulcer or open
discharging sore. Often the blood is naturally bad, and W^S^^M^ 1 -
is that way from birth, and such people suffer vrith vari- '^^^aK^^Umf
otis kinds of sores from infancy through old age. The ''^S^3iW8r[tyw
blood may become so weak '• ,-v ..;.,,;,,. v C. . :
and wateryfrom theeffectsof ' uf^TKS^y&^:^AS^ m^&i
malarial sickness, debility or Pj;ce refuatd.to heat The phyalcianl conaulted
someold chrpnictrouble, that Ji?^ 1 %££fcffi¥£ttAr£ i n a ¥* t £Fl
the .impurities break out in improved rapidly' but an attack of typhoid fever
bad sores on the lower ex- ¦•*"•**» *"• onginal «ore, causing a baokiet. I
*-*m Tt ul «r «f iTJ7 t ft b-ran lt •f J^H *• •® on •• 1 w»i over the f Brer, and
uemitlesorotner part of the wai completely and permanently cured.
body. There is always some _ MRS. K. a. DUFFY,
morbid, unhealthy matter in " v » wC ** tl ? '*.*¦-; - 214 Waahinrton Bt.
the blood that keeps the sore discharging, and "must be gotten out before it
S^ m^ yrill heal. Washesjahd salves, while cleansing, sooth-
r^^ri^l ing and helpful, will jnot do it, because they do not
>^V \^N • n^di the poisoned * blood ; but S. S. S. cleanses and
g»i</> purifies the diseased blood; and when this is accom-
plished the place heals. v Where, the health i has been
impaired it restores strength and vigor to the system, improves the appetite
and digestion, and. tones. up the nerves. .Purifying the blood is the surest
way to get rid of an old sore'or ulcer. Medical advice is free. . '": '
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, G A.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTa.
I How I Cure Weak, Puny Men
0 v Give me a maji broken down from excesses, dissipation, boyish folly.
a hard work or .worry, from any causa which has sapped his vitality. Lot
2 him follow my advice for three months and I will make him aa vigorous In
a every respect as any man of his age.
A I will not promise to majce a Hercules of a man who was nersr intended
X by nature to.be strong and sturdy. Ev?n that man I can make better thaa
!T he is; burfhe man who has been strong and nas lost his strength X can
j* make as'gdbd ds - he ever. was. #
2 I can" give back to any man what he has lost by abuse of the laws of
2 natur^. vl cftn stop all drains upon the vital power in ten days.
¦2 , A man. who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps bad*
fr ly. awakes. more tired than when ho went to bed, who is easily discouraged.
5 inclined-.to-rorood over imaginary troubles, who has lost ambition and en-
© ergy-to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which, the Dr
• McLaughlin* Electric Belt supplies.
O The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal
• electricity. When you lose that by draining the system In any manner my
9 Belt will replace lt and will cure you.
© Mr. Harry V. Jackson, Valleton, Cal., writes Oct. 1: "Although you are a
Q stranger to me. my heart warms toward you u a rreat benefactor and friend, and 1
2 am more than grateful to you. Already I can feel the vigor of new life in my body
g no aclies - a!)<l_no_ralns._ I wish you every success in your work."
S Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer
J* They are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from use-
• less doctoring. I get such letters every day.
2 '" My Belt'basa wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces
W and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy in^man.
® I make, the best electrical body appliance In the .world, having devoted
• twenty years to perfecting }t. 1 know my trade. My cures after every-
• thine else has failed are my best arguments.
O Mr. R»y Burks. McKlttrlcks. CaJ.. writes: ••From th» first night I wor« the belt
W 1 felt new. life In every part of my body. The drain stopped Immediately and I am
9 now able to do heavy work without tlrlr^. I am «la«i I thought ot the belt for In
gp no otber way could the money bring me so much pleasure." *
• 4 , Glv «:. me a ro 8 ! 1 T -'), tn P ai "s « his back, a dull ache in his muscles or
g joint*, "come-and-go" pains in his shoulders, chest and side Sciatica in
A his hip. Lumbago. Rheumatism or any ache or pain, and mv Belt win
S ?r cur he o11 ot . "'•'Jnto-his aching body and drive out every sign of paiA.
• No pain can exist where my* Belt Is worn. palIU
5 ' Mr. J. U Balrdflf Orland. Cal., writes October 13th: "My back Is entlr#I» w»u
• and I would not take $10O lor my belt If I could not get another It la th^, yZ~l
Q thine on earth for a lame back." ln * ****
• They come every day from everywhere. • There Is not a town or hami»t
9 in the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlln's Electric Belt
© Now, what does this mean to yog. dear reader? If you are not what -ron
O ought to be can you ask any better proof to make you try it" IaT thlr^. 2
« remedy which is as simple, aa eaay to use. as sure to cure and ai rh»f« --
0 Dr . McLaughHv's Electric Belt? I have not seen or.e. You mu,U n^?f P T^
2 justice to yourself, and to those who look to you for their fut«V7 £=„ J/ 1
•ness, try it now. .Act this minute. Such a matter ought not to STdeiayld"
O >; It's as g6od for women as for men. Worn while you fil«>#»T> tt /.ow-
J no trouble. .You feel the gentle, glowing heat from It fSnltaatlv h^ft «
5 sting, no burning, as- in old-style belts. constantly, but no
a Send for my beautiful book, full of things a man llkea tn *..* i# v
• wants to be a strong man- I send It. sealedff ree. Cut out thU, ad?
| Dr. M.C. McLaughliri, Igggggl:
• Seattle Office. 105 Columbia .t.: Lo« Angele.. 129 So. Spring at.. High class and interesting sport will be
Feen at Tanforan during j the i pony races on
Saturday, March 12. and Monday, March 14.
On these- days a special train .will leave Third
and .Townsend streets : for . the races,' at 1:30
p. m. : Special round-trip ticket*,; 1 40 : cents.
Take ' a pleasant trip and < -witness some Inter
esting event*. Ask Southern Pacific agents.*
Pony Racine at .Tanforan.
Tacoma Case Reversed.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals yesterday denied petitions for
rehearing in the following, cases: Alas
ka Commercial Company vs.' Williams;
Hawaiian Sugar Plantation Company
vs. Samuel Pala Pala, and Union
Transportation Company vs. Kent. The
Judgment of £he Circuit Court of Wash
ington was reversed in the case "of P. J.
Hennessy and others against the Ta
coma Smelting and Refining Company,
with instructions to await the final dis
position of the case inthe State courts.
A jury inJudge Graham's court yes
terday dee-feed that Joseph W. Phil
lips, was -not entitled to a judgment
for $1130 against his nephew; Charles
W. Phillips. The plaintiff claimed that
the defendant owed him the amount
demanded for. board, clothing and
maintenance. The jury was out but a
very short time. *.Vv
Phillips Loses His Suit.
Clan* A. Richards, who/jkiat before
undergoing -a serious operation deeded
to her sister, Charlotte L. Brown, a
piece of property in Silver Heights,
filed a suit against Mrs. Brown yes
terday for a reconveyance of the
realty. She claims, that Mrs. Brown,
notwithstanding that 8h<j well knew
the deed was made with the under
standingrthat in the event the opera
tion did "not prove" fatal she was to
consider it void, absolutely refuses to
surrender the deed or the property.
Sues for .Return of Realty.
Steam heat is thoroughly sanitary, and
if used properly will give complete sat
isfaction. A gasteam radiator from
S. F. Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post St.,
will answer all purposes. •
Justice of the Peace Thorp of San
Diego fined Ah Sue 530 yesterday for
having undersized crayfish in his pos
session. Justice of the Peace Atcheson
of Santa Rosa fined J. Morgan $25, with
the alternative of twenty-five days in
jail, for catching trout in the closed
season. Judge Fritz lined J. Tarantino
$20 for having striped bass in his pos
session, and Judge Mogan has imposed
a like fine upon Frank Paganninl for a
similar offense.
Game Iiriw Violators Punished.
Thp mystery of the identity of' the
three-year-old boy who was found at
Sixteenth and Fol?om streets on Sun
day in sn almost nude condition is as
rie*>p as «>vfT. Xo one has called at the
City Prison to reclaim him and yes
terday Policeman \V. D. Scott, attach
c-d to the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society,
look charge of the boy. Feott thinks
the little fellow may have wandered
Birar from some public institution.
Hoy Still Inclaitnod.
The trial of Thomas Davis, indicted
for an outrageous assault upon Mrs.
A. H. Ames while she was on the high
seas, a passenger on hoard the steam
er Alliance, was called yesterday
morning in the. United States Circuit
Court and by agreement of both par
ties was postponed until _ April 11.
Two of tl--- most important witnesses
for the prosecution, Mr. and Mrs. G.
C. Latten, had not reported their ar
rival to the United States Marshal
and attachments were issued for their
arrest. After the court had adjourn
ed the couple were found among the
spectators in the courtroom. They
said that they had been in the city
for the last three' days and had riot
received any instructions to report to
the United States Marshal.
Defendant to Face a Charge That May
Bring Him, if, Convicted, to
the Gallows.
Policeman Augustus G. Skelly was
very angry yesterday when he read in
a morning paper that he was accused
of holding up Thomas O'Connor's sa-,
loon at Eighteenth and Dolores streets
on Sunday night and robbing: the till
for a joke. He made a.- statement to
Chief Wittman yesterday. that he had
not been near the saloon for a year,
and his brother policeman, J. D. Skelly,
made a' statement to the Chief that
O'Connor's son had played a joke on
him on Sunday night by telling him,
as he neared the saloon, that a man
had held him up and gene along Do
lores street. He started In pursuit,
when young O'Connor called him back,
saying that he had been only fooling
him.
Policonmn Unjustly Accused.
THOMAS DAVIS' TRIAL
1»OST1»ONKI) FOR A MONTH
"It was at ilrst thought desirable
to have the basin extend westerly to
Illinois street on both sides of Islais
Creek channel, but as the' land on
the north :ide of Islais Creek has been
bargained for by a railroad company
for terminal facilities the plan was
modified to keep the harbor entirely
south of Islais Creek."
The Board of Supervisors was re
quested to repave Dupont street, from
Montgomery avenue to Vallejo street,
at the city's expense.
The City Architect's plans for the
reconstruction of the basement of the
Whittier School were approved.
City Engineer . Grunsky yesterday
transmitted a -communication to the
Board of Work-, stating that the re
port on a plan for a harbor on. the
bay front .of the city at the mouth of
Jslais Creek is not yet ready for trans
mission, although a plan of improve
ment has been practically agreed upon
with the Harbor Commissioners. The
communication says: .
"AUhough the desirable outlines of
the harbor have been fixed to extend
from the water front westerly along
Tulare street to Illinois street, south
erly to Third avenue to Plumas s.treet,
easterly, along Plumas street to
the water front, information Is still
lacking as to whether throughout th'e
entire area of the harbor the depth of
mud is sufficient to make excavation
at a reasonable cost. In the seawall
along the water front an opening suit
ably bridged is to be provided for the
admission of vessels. Should hard
rock be too near the limits of the ba
sin the plans should be suitably modi
fied.
A resolution of intention for the
paving of Clement street, from First
to Fifth avenue, was adopted.
The bids for the paving of Pfeiffer
street, between Stockton and' Dupont,
were rejected and new bids ordered.
The board decided to advertise for
bids for the laying of a conduit by the
Western Union Telegraph Company
from Pine to Montgomery street to
the new Merchants* Exchange build
ing. *i
Wherens, The resignation of Mr. Gruneky
as an official of this city and county has been
thereby rendered necessary; now therefore be it
Resolved. That in accepting his resignation,
to take effect this day, the Board of Public
¦Wprks does it with a. sincere, appreciation of
the able work Mr. Grunsky -has "performed
during the past four years as City Engineer
under the new charter — work which will con
tinue to make its. good effects manifest for
years to come — and with the mont cordial
wishes for his further success in the higher
field to which hla abilities have called him.
Schmitz said it was ni>t the intention
to make Woodwai-d the permanent
City Engineer, but it was necessary to
have some one to direct, the important
affairs of the office. Luther Waggon
er Is the latest aspirant for the of
fice and probably stands as much
chance as some who have been men
tioned. :^:^
The Board of Public Works yester
day accepted the resignation of City
Engineer Grunsky, but did not appoint
his successor. . Commissioner Wood
ward ¦ was delegated - by President
Schmitz to perform the duties of City
Engineer pending the regular ap
pointment. The board adopted the
following resolution:
Whereas, The President of the United States
has honored the city of San Francisco and the
State of California by the appointment of our
City Engineer, C. E. Gruneky, as Isthmian
Canal Commissioner, and
City Engineer Grunsky yesterday
filed with the Board of Public Works
;. = report on the matter of establishing
an auxiliary high pressure salt water
fy&tem. J. C. H. Stut was employed as
consulting mechanical engineer and
.:-ade the estimate of costs for the eys
tcm. Inquiry was also made relating to
the installations of like character in
Eastern cities and data is given there
on in the report, which follows:
It »m* determined to caske the project on«
thai would deliver 10.000 gallons of salt tc-attr
I • r rr.sr.ute :n the business section of th« city,
;;.v most suitable location for » re*«rvolr being
OB Twin Ptiks.
The effer of the Olympic Salt Water Com-
7 ¦ •->¦ to furnish 8,000.000 taJ'^r.a of salt water
daily for $0<X>0 per month would entail an addi
ti -a; txptOUM for the construction of a pipe
;.r.e from the company's reservoir to a cunip
:: .. tisiis.i and thenct to the storage reservoir
.-. Tv.-m Peaks cf $71,150. This freater «
;i •:*•¦ (.£ cor.nectlat with a source ot supply is
Ep:.'-.st the system.
The Ejstem as planned will consist of a i
jurrrl"*r elation on the block bounded by 6ev- j
• -•••rth. Kighteer.th. Colllngwood and Dla-
Rvr.d streets. There are to b« two pumps at ;
t*:'* station, each of a capacity of 3,000.000 sai
lors wr day. The Twin Peaks reservoir will
hsi* a capacity cf 10.OCO.000 gallons. A tank
<f nodQ*U capacity might be added here
rf;cr on Telegraph Hill and the distributing
pipes fhould be of cast iron and 12, 10 and 8
sr.-r.t" 1 in <..*!*? ¦ *< :
COST OF SYSTEM.
The total coet of the system is estimated
et f61i!.77O, which does not include the hy-
Annta and fire mains on other etreeU than
MarU'l. The cticration of the systrm would
im c!ve an «v;>ense of $10,500 yearly for the
fjtr.i'lnr of v,ater to the storage reservoir for
t^n days in the year, which would coniist of
th«> pa>ro!l of one chief engineer and five as- ;
fOFtant.v some cf which would have to be on
duty constantly :n order to b* ready for any
?•mergency. The Clarendon Heights pumps of
the fpriiyj Valley Company should be con^
rectal wiih the eyrtem. which would add a
Morale capacity of 5C4.000 gallons and a pump
;r.»r capacity of 2.500,000 gallons per day.
Grunsky also filed with the Board of
Public "Works his report on the petition
of \h? Santa Fe Railway system for a
franchise from Indiana street, near
Eighteenth, to llariposa, and crossing
iv.troro Xuevo blocks Nos. 306. 307 and
CTS. across Seventh street to Sixteenth.
¦Jong Sixteenth to Carolina street, and
Blonj Eighth and Fifteenth streets to
Rhode Island street. The report, which
was adopted and ordered sent to the
Supervisors, says:
As the track is to be u*ed as an "industry"
track th«» franchise should be granted subject
in th* rU;ht of the Supervisors to restrict the
n.oving of cars to the hours between 6 p. m.
er <i $ a. m.
POSITION OF TRACK.
The franchise should be subject to the con
dition that If Sixteenth street Is widened the
p.>*iticT! of th<» traik he shifted to the new
c<-ntet line of the ptroet. and requiring the rail
road company to maintain the pavement for a
<*.:** ar.ee- »r fifty r>et uj>on each fide of its'
tracks where they cross the streets. The
track r.iil cut acrcts the northeasterly cor-
P«T Of MisslFHprl and Sixteenth street?, and
Tfc« arrar.iL-ement should be such a« to afford
tate iJissaKe.to pedestrians and vehicle*.
It was honed that tome means might be I
fi.vnd to have Stxt«-enth street widened M
tar westerly as Carolina, from 80 feet, its (
I-r*'i-»in width. U> $K> feet. - J
Th" widening is particularly desirabl*. if, >
as ha* t>e<-r> foreshadowed by the Western j
Pacific nai'-way Company, they can hereafter
<Umcn*tratc isiat public necessity would !?- I
ouir* the granting to that company of a right i
of way f"r a douWe track over the same sec- [
U r n o' Firte»nt!f «=tre*-t.
!t hs» Jtoti fowru! impracticable to have pro- j
i*?.'.!nr« for the. widening, which should be
an uddition of a ten-foot strip alonz th» <
Dtirthezl} eUc of the street, inaugurated, al- !
though there is g<x«1 r«s.«nn for believing that !
I,rv*-eoir~s for lacta ¦widening would meet !
with ¦VH.vfP" • I
HKtX)MMEM>S FRANCHISE. j
. The proponi track is of more than local i
irr.;<-rtacc* and should be protected by Iran- 1
cbixe. The crafting of a tnert privilege I
would Boi afford th» railroad company nor
•\\<- laad<rarDcn r-jfJV-ient assurance that it]
• otild be- maintained '.f>ng enough to warrant j
a fsti measure of Industrial development.
In rftcomir.endine that the application be j
fa\^r&hly conKid^r^d. I -iesire to f»v ti.af the j
ester for widening Fixtoenth Etreet lillHlTii ;
m t b* f^rprnen, t>ut I appreciate also the im- j
! crtHH'-e of brir.ri^R th»> tracks of the feanta j
K» s?:-Ft?m into c!c*e teach with the section i
n'T^rrpd to. • ¦''.-'
TVher* the '.ccnticn of th? tracks asked for I
v -?iid crop? the nro|*>*«i Southern .'Paflf..; i
r-.a:n ! ; ne on Martf*"** *?»-e«t. Imijrg^ft that!
tbc location be changed in. a position naiylleJ ,
v-'ith ".¦:;¦•>¦ ptr^et. but »>outh tfc*r*of. and j
thai ttie route Ij» ohliqwly from th<»; south- '
'Ert toward the northwest m<ron* ¦ the fnt»f- J
s-> ti'-n of Marinoca street and Penn*ylvani* ,
¦'octree. This chunr* wllj throw tn«». tracks ;
i fl of Jlari7«*a street, it will necessitate- the -.
< braining of a rieht of way over lands of the
S<-i!thern Pacific Cnmnanr and will make ' the
«"r.«iructir>n o( «. ruilroad .'bridge -• over the
Southern PaciSp «V>rr.pany'« tracks necessary. .
Preliminary Plans Outlined
for a Necessary Improve
ment at Mouth of Stream
ISLAIS CREEK HARBOR
Outlines Certain Changes
in Petition of Santa Fe
Road for "Industry" Track
\ FAVOR OF FRANCHISE
Policeman Fogarty told Judge Mo
gan of how he had been deceived by
Lawrence Goodwin a few evenings ago
In the Tenderloin. It appeared that
the officer met a lady who had been
indulging rather lavishly in stimulat
ing fluids and he was about; to sum
mon the patrol wagon when Lawrence
Goodwin advanced from the assembled
onlookers and pleaded for the t prison
er'e release, arguing that overnight
imprisonment mlgh£ damage her repu
tation and volunteering to escort her
to her home if he were permitted to
do that Samaritan act. Fogarty was
moved by the petition and yielded to
it, but considered it discreet to follow
Lawrence Goodwin nnd his charge un
til they were beyond the boundary of
his beat. Disillusion came quickly to
the confiding officer. After they had
turned a corner Lawrence and the
lady entered a saloon side door and
were partaking of- drinks in a cur
tained apartment^ ' w'nen Fogarty
popped in and arrested the man. It
was the officer's revised opinion that
Lawrence Goodwin intended to rob the
lady and Investigation of the defend
ant's character strengthened that im
pression. •
. Lawrence will be sentenced for va
grancy to-day.
Richard Miller, famed along the
Barbary Coast as an agile and graceful
dancer, will be tried for vagrancy be
fore Judge Mogan on March 15. Pa
trolman Nelson made the arrest re
luctantly, realizing the deprivation he
was visiting upon the. terpsichorean
resorts that illume his beat, but he
could not conscientiously Ignore the
fact that Mr. Miller had no visible
means of support.
Richard Clark appeared on crutches
to answer the charge of begging and
Judge Mogan sent him to jail for three
months. He is a helpless cripple and
a confirmed drunkard, and in his case
imprisonment savors of well directed
charity.
Morris Auerbach, who is under sen
tence of three months' imprisonment,
will have his period of incarceration
extended to nine months when he is
haled before Judge Mogan this morn
ing. The police say that Auerbach is
peace-disturbance personified. When
at liberty he wanders all over the city,
leaving a trail of 'unprovoked oral
abuse hurled indiscriminately. Along
the cocktail route he is known and
shunned and even remote suburbs have
felt the lash of his foul tongue. His
last vituperative volley was fired at
an unoffending citizen away out Point
Lobos avenue, and its reward was three
months, prescribed about a week ago.
Since then complaints against him have
been pouring in from all parts of the
city and enough of them have been se
lected to enable the court to tack on
six months additional to-day.
Joseph Hill, Joseph Murray and
Thomas 'Brown, boys,, are accused of
having broken the seal of a freight car
in the Southern Pacific yards, -and
Judge Cabaniss has continued the case
against them until the police have as
certained whether they abstracted any
of the merchandise with which the car
was laden.
• * •
• • B
Thomas Outwaters was before Judge
Conlan on a charge of plain drunk,
when Mary Wood of 930% Harrison
street requested the court to have the
man examined by the Lunacy Commis
sioners, as she doubted his sanity. This
doubt, she explained, was based upon
t^e fact that he had professed undy
ing love for several young ladies who
dwell with her and that he had been
in the habit of visiting their domicile
at the hour of 4:30 a. m. and loudly
declaring his passion, thus murdering
their sleep and making, as she termed
it, "a regular fool of himself." She
said it would be unjust to Jail the man
for drunkenness until his sanity has
been properly tested, and the Judge
agreed with her.
Three charges of burglary are regis
tered against Louis Novinski and Moses
Levi, whose combined ages would not
exceed two score years, and yesterday
Judge Mogan continued the cases un
til next Saturday, by which time the
police will probably have discovered
additional felonies committed by the
youthful duo. . ¦ }
The existing complaints against No
vinski and Levi are elgned by Kate
Croney of 1036 Ellis street, whose resi
dence they plundered on January 8;
Lydla Williamson of 1532 'Taylor street,
who suffered by their uninvited visit
to her domicile on January 22, and C.
Blesser of 301 Frederick street, from
whom they stole personal property on
January 24. Since the latter date the
young criminals have presumably been
active, and Western Addition house
holders who have been robbed during
the interim might find something to
their advantage by communicating
with the police.
The Judge did look at him and ap
parently was impressed by what he
saw, for he continued the case.
ering glance at the complainant, she
exclaimed: "Just look at him, Judge.
Ain't he big enough to take care of
himself? Why, he weighs over 200
pounds and prides himself on being a
half-baked prizefighter."
Gus Bernal. barber, 1905 ' Fillmore
street, is large and muscular, while his
wife, Celia, is anything but amazonian
in either inches or weight, although she
has proved possession of a combative
spirit. She; was before Judge Conlan
en a charge of having- assaulted Gue
with an Iron;i)ar, and she smiled dis
dainfully at her .spouse as he told how
she assailed him.
"What did you attack him for?" In-
Quired the Judge. •- . /_*¦
"Oh, .he makes me tired," was the
lady's reply. Then,- with another with-
• * *
Mrg. Newman, middle aged, and
rather comely, sat in court and silently
wept into a handkerchief while the re
cital of her • cruelty was Jn progress
and the husband and father" sat.be
eide her. He pleaded he had been out
of town several days prior to his ar
rest and did nf* know his child was
111 or had been neglected, and then he
opined that the case was inspired by
a rival boarding-house keeper, who ds
sired to drive him out of business.
"The inspiration of the case has noth
ing whatever to do with the facts which
have been brought out in evidence,"
said the Judge. "It has been pretty
thoroughly proved that your wife was
drunk and absent from home all night,
while her child lay sick and in a most
filthy condition. I find her guilty as
charged and continue your case until
I ascertain jnst how much you are re
sponsible for her offense. Meantime
you would do well to see that your
children are well treated, for I am sat
isfied your wife is not a proper person
to intrust with their care." ; .. .
Secretary "White said he would see to
It that the little ones are not. neglected
until their. father makes provision for
their keeping.
A distressing story of maternal neg
lect of a minor child was unfolded in
Mogan's court, where Thomas Newman
and his wife, Georgie, .were accused by
Secretary White of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children of
having., ill-treated their ' ten-year-old
daughter, Catherine.
The Newmans manage a seamen's
boardjr.g-house at t€ Jackson street,
atidv witnesses ..testified that" both of
them' are. in the habit of drinking to
[excess.- — A -few days ago Secretary
"White received-information which led
'him to vUltthe place and there he saw
the little' g^rlill uith a burning, fever,
while neither -of .her.; parents could be
found; The child lay upon a filthy couch
and was in-an extremely unclean con
dition. Inquiry developed the fact that
the father was at Port Costa and the
mother had been drunk and. absent
from home since the previous day.
After removing the little one to the City
and County Hospital the officer pro
cured warrants and had the parents ar
rested.
Mrs. Lydia Prescott, associate super
intendent of the Pacific Humane So
ciety, appeared before Judge Mogan
and pleaded not guilty to the charge
of stealing a satchel belonging to Mrs.
E." X. Hammond of 230 Montgomery
street, and also waived a jury trial. The
case was set for hearing next Saturday.
Joe Sullivan, accused by Detectives
Ryan and Taylor of having robbed a
traveler of a few dollars at the Third
and Townsend streets railway station,
informed Judge Conlan that he ,was
playing "coon can" in an . O'Farrell
street saloon at the time the alleged
robbery took place, and witnesses were
there to prove the alibi. The court con
fessed ignorance of what constitutes
the game of "'coon can." and after
searching inquiry learned that it is
played with cards. Unless the detec
tives can produce new evidence against
Sullivan he is likely to be dismissed
when the case comes up to-morrow.
Judge Cabaniss dismissed a petty lar
ceny case in which the parties were- P.
Synoplis, inventor of the anti-gout spe
cific, and Drs. B. Gerino and Nelson.
The evidence went to show that the
two medical men visited the laboratory
of Synoplis, at '628 Montgomery street,
and there obtained a vial of the alleged
gout annihilate!-, for which they claim
they paid $1 cash and for which the in
ventor declares they paid nothing. The
Judge did not consider Synoplis' case
thoroughly proven.
The case was continued till Saturday,
by which time the stenographer hopes
to have the kinks taken out of Mr.
Brune's testimony.
A naturalized citizen named Brune,
night clerk o£ the Kearny-street lodg
ing-house in which Stella Smith and
George^Spring assaulted and battered
each other last Sunday morning, con
tributed the comedy element to the
hearing of that celebrated case yester
day In Judge Mogan's court. It was
not the facts stated by Mr. Brune, but
his method of stating them, that light
ened up the gloom of the tribunal. He
ventilated a dialect that would assure
the fortune of any German monologist
who could correctly imitate It, and he
pronounced his words and twisted his
sentences In a way that left his testi
mony in a tangle and the court stenog
rapher in despair.
Mr. Brune opened his discourse by
darkjy hinting he had been "intimated"
by persons who desired that he should
not testify in the case, else he might
cast "aaparagrrass" upon their charac
ter, but he had braved their disap
proval and was there to "exclose the
truth," which- he proceeded to do ac
cording to his light, while the Judge
distractedly endeavored to interpret his
oral flow.
But oral evidence- was not needed to
prove that something had happened to
both Miss Smith and Mr. Spring. Their
faces bore silent testimony to that fact,
and it only remained for the witnesses
to state how the abrasions had been
administered- It was stated. that Stella
blackened both of George's eyes by
planting a straight left punch upon the
bridge of his nose, while with a full
right swing she uprooted a few of his
teeth, and that In retaliation George
struck Stella's forehead with a hammer
and then kicked her downstairs.
Grunsky Ketires and Wood
ward Will Act Tempo
rarily as the City Engineer
ity Engineer Gives Data
hi Municipal Salt Water
Fire Protection System
Lodging-House Clerk Describes a Quarrel Scene
and the Official Stenographer Is Stijl Trying
to Get Kinks Out of the Tangled testimony
BOARD ACCEPTS
A RESIGNATION
GRUNSKY FILES
FINAL REPORTS
POLICE COURT WITNESS TWISTS
LANGUAGE AND CONFUSES JUDGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, THURSDAY. MARCH 10, 1004.
11
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
y ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
SffaU TMb Order to Tht San Prmao loco Call With 76a.
The San; Francisco Call.
San Francisco. CaL: :
Inclosed herewith please find 75c,. for which send -me -on*
copy of The Call's Great .Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Ftftj
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to til it» six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 35c is
to prepay shipping charges.) ' .
siGNEr ...... ..:.. : «...V......
STREET ......................:........,....................
city _.;.->. :....'...;......;..;... ... ..:.:;.. ...:..• *
STATE ...V.......— ....:....;;.... r ... .. .....v^;... ....«•
Sold all over the world.
The skin ought to be
clear ; there is nothing
strange in a beautiful face.
If we wash with proper
soap, the skin will be open
and clear, unless the
health is bad. A good
skin is better than a
doctor.
The soap to use is
Pears'; no free alkali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
ADVZBTISEMZNTS.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UK FRAHCISUO ANu wuflTH PAC1F13
\BiIlWAT COMPASY.
Tltjuron Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SA1T FKA1TCISCO TO SA2T BATAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:20 p. m.
. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
S:30. 5:00, B:20. ll:3O p. rn. \
SAN /BATAEXi TO SAN 7BANCZSCO.
AVEEK PAYS— ti:05. 7:35. 7:50, »:20, 11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:(J0, 5:^0 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at ":i:3 »nd 6:H5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:13 a. m. ; 1:40.
3:40. 4:55. 5:05. 8:25 p. m.
Lea\-e I In Effect | Arrive
San Francleco-I Sept. 27. 1903. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- j Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days, j tion. | days. | Days.
*7:3o'ar8:0Oal 9:10a|«:40a
| 9:30 al * Igrnacio 10:40 ail0:20 a
3:30 p 3:3opi 6:«)5 p| 6:20 p
" 5:10 p 5:00 p| 7:35 p| -
~7:30a j ~- 5":lOa"| 8:40 a
8:00 a Xovato, 10:4<> aj 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma «:05p «:2op
6:10p 3:30 p and 7:35 pj
5:C0p| Santa Rosa. | |
7:30 a 10:40 a|10:2O a
8:OOa Fulton. 7:35p!6:2Op
_3_:30p 3:30 p |
I Windsor. |
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a|lO:20 a
Lytton. !
3:30 p 3:30 p. Gey 8 erv|!!e, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale,
. 7:30a 8:C0a Hopland 10:40a 10:2Oa
3:30 p 3:3Op and Ukiab. 7:35p|«:2Op|
7:30 a| 8:00al Wlllits. | 7:>5 p| 6:2O p
7:30a! 8:0<>a! 110:40 a '10 :20a
3:50 p| 3:30 p| Guerneville. |7:35p|6:2up
7:30 aj S:0Oaj Sonoma, I 9:10 a| 8:40 a
5:lo p| 5:CUp| Glen Ellen. j 6:05 pj 6:20 p
7:SOa!8:OOa| |10:40 a|10:2»i"a
3:30p|3:3Op| Sebastcrol. | 7:35 p( 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Gre*n " Crae for Pan
Cu«nttn; at Santa Rosa for Whlt» Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lyttnn for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eervt!l« for Ska**s Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevtlle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
porr and Bartlett Sprlnss; at Ukiab for Vtchv
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John* Day'*. Klverside. Llerly'n.
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Helshts. Hullvllle, Orr'3
Hot Spring*. Halfway House. Comptehe. Cair'p
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoeino City, Fort Bragg
We,stnort, I'sal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
.Westport, Sherwoort. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cumminss. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle. Pepper-wood, Scotia
and Exireka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday roun«!-trin tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronicle
bulldine-
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manarer. Gen.' Pass. Agt.
H ROSS VALLEY. '
CAZADERO, Etc
¦
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric —
. Depart from Ban Francisco Dally 7:0O. 8:Ort,
0:00. 10;«V41:0O a. rn.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:13. !
6:15. «:15, 7:u0. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
I FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. 5:25. 6 :S5. 7:40. 8:35. .0:35, 11:05 a.
m.." 12:20. .1:45.. 2:35, 3:45, 4:45, 5:45, 6:45,
8:45, 10:20 ?. m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally. 3:45. «:55. 7:S2. 8:55. 9:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. «:0S.
7:06. 9:00, 10:S5 p. m.- -
rvV. • ¦ THROUGH TRAINS. '
8:00 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.-
5:15 p. m. -week days (Saturday excepted) —
Tomale* and way stations.
3:15 p.- • m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. . • . -¦ • A
. Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and I
way station?. '.-¦¦- j
. TICKET OFFICE— «S» Market at. \
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st. ,j
j*<8BfcfeJ! MEH AMD VOMEhi
*&e£MWUMX.&'^&s£ Cse Big G for unnatural
mtfh i to * <UtOM dixcharges.lnfiatuaRationa.
£?Sw OoaiaatM4 - V Irritmtlons or ulcoratiooj
¦ aEJf oot te nrtot«r«. of mueoni membranes.
g 1 * <fi Pr«»»to CmihIn. Pi\in'.««. and not »«trln-
tfa^lTXEETAMSl^EMICJilCa. gent or pci»0B»ut-
teA aWW!UTl,O.KM ««ld by DfunUli,
C8.A. Sa or MBt iB * UIn wr »p?? p '
by exprs«s. prepaid, («C j
$i.oo.or»botti«s«i.r». |
Mflmr^r ¦ Circular sect oa maas%> •
Other Santa Fe Trains:
7:30 a. m. 1- for Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfleld
sioOD.'m.'J Merced ' Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. aad
Perry Depot. S. 7. Also Ilia Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South rirtt St.,
San Jose. V; :
I I sulfur \*9\ Trains leave and ar«
iMbftHNlftliASTA )C.|
l Wi f "QUTta J .1 due to arrive at
\^\^^Ey\^/ SA>' FRANCISCO.
\^ /- l S OUlB Line. Ferry DepoV
*L^^ Foot ot Market Street j
J.BATK — FKOM Fk^KUXKT 17. 1.HJ4. — AWBITg
.00 A Vdcartlle. Wluiern. liuuuejr 750^
7.00 a Benicl*. Suisun. Elmiraaml Sacra-
raeaiu 7.20p
740a Vallejo. Napa. CalUtoga. Santa
' ltoaa. Martinez. Sin K.imon C 20*"
7-S0a Xlicn. Lfrermore, Tracy. Lathrop.
Stockron .. * 7 20?
B00» Et»«a Express— (Vl» l>arlt».
Wiillaraj (for. Bartlett Spring*'.
Willow*, tb'ruto. Keil l»u!T.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 750'
8 00* DaTl».WooUUnd. KnUbU Landing. .
M!»rj»»!::e. OroTllle 7-50"
8-30* Port Coda. Martinez. Aatloch,
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. Sew-
man. Los Uanoa. M e n d o t a,
Armon.v Uacfurd. Visa I la.
VorMirille 4.20»
1.504 Port Costn. Martinez. Tracy. Latlj-
rop. Modfito. MercrJ, Fn-snix
Gosben Junction. Han furl.
Vltalta. BaXer»fleld 4.50*
¦40a Nlles. San June. Llvcrmore. Stook-
ton. (fMllton). lone. Sacramento,
Piarertl'te. MarysTlUe. Calco.
Red Blurt 420^
8.30* Oak«lal«. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
noni, Tuolumne anU Angelt ...... > 420i*
9 00* Atlantic Express— Ogden snd Ea»t. 1l.20»
B.30* Richmond. Martintz and Way
Stations - 6 50p
10 00a The OTerland Limited — Ogden.
Denver. Omaha, Chicago 6.2C*
1000a Vall«Jo_ 122tff
10-OOa Lo» Aneelen Passenger — Port
Costa. Mart!nei. Byron. Tmoy,
Latbrop. Stockton. Mercetl,
Kiiymond. Freino, Goshrn June-
• tioo. Hanford, Lemo«;re. Vlsail*.
. BalieHlleid. Los Anodes 7?0°
1200m Hayward. Xlles and Way Stations. 3.2C*
tVOO^ B»or»nienioKl»fr Steamers til.Ou"
5.30r Beaicla. Xilater*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing.
MarysvlUe. Orovltle ana way
stations......... -. .10- >3»
3.30P Hayward. Xlles and Way St.ttloaa.. 7 -JJ/
i.lQr Port Cottft. Marline*, it r run,
Tr icy. Latarop. Modesto,
.Merced. Frfsno and Way St*-
tlon s beyond Port Co«ta 12 20?
3 30p Martinez. Tracy. Stoekton, Lo«!!... 10 20\
4 OOp Martlnez.SanUAmon.ValleJo.Kapa.
Callstoca. SantM Ron« 9 204
4 tOr Nllea. Tra^-r. Stockton. Lodl 420r
4 30 r Hayward. Klles. Irvlnirton. 8an> *8 55i
Jose. LtTermore 1 tli.bCA
6-CO* Tbe Owl Limited— Xewmnn. Lo«
Pani>*. Mertdoia. Fresno. TuUre,
BakerirtpM. Lot Angeles.
Golden But* Linr.tr. 1 Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Angr.le*. for Chi-
cago, ria c. a. i. at e 8 59*
6.C0r Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12 2O
t5 30p Uayward. Nile* and San Joae ..... 7.20 a
S.COf Ilaywartl. Nlles and Sjn Jose 9 50a
6-OOr Eastern Express— Ojt^.T. UenTer.
Omaha. St. Louis, calcago and
East. Port Costs, I! ¦ri!.:a. Su>
*an. K'.mtrayDavl-*. Sacraonento«
Kocklln. Aaburn, Colfax..
Truckee. Boca. Keno, Wads-
worth. Wlnnemocca 5 29^
6.00r Vallejo, dally, except Sunday... % ) T , n »
7X0F VaDeJo. Sunday only f *•«"»¦'
74}3r hlchmond. ban Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Stations 11.28*
8 C5p Oregon A California Exprsst— S«o>
remento, M»rysTllle. Reddlos.
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8-50*
S.IOp Ilayward. Nlles and Saa Jose (Snn-
dayonly) . 1153 v
COAST LINE (. Harrow ti*u;r).
(foot or Market Street.) •
8.15a Hewark. OeoterTllle. San Josa.
Feltoa. Boulaer Creek. Santa
' Crnz tnd War Stations. 5-65r
t2.15> Kewark. Centerrllle. San Josa,
Kew Alrrndr q. Lot Gatos, Fe::on,
Boulder Cmek, 8anta Cms and
Principal Way Stations tl OSS 4
4.16r Newark. San Jose, LosOatos and t '3.St «.
way stattoDD I 510 05*
*9 30p Hunters Train. Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
Inr from Los Oatos Snmlay only. X7 25p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KKANC1SCO. Fuot of Market St. («J1I?I)
-t::15 f:0O 11:00 a.m. 100 3 00 5.15 P.M
from OAKLAND. Voct of Broadway — t«:UO |j:i»1
13:06 10:00a.m. 12 00 200 4.00p.m.
COAST LINfct (Kroad ».a H «s).
t0~ (i hlrd and I..wn«ead Strcgf.)
6.10a San Jo«e and %Tay Stations 830p
7 COa Sao Jose aad Way Stations 5.36?
8 COa New Almaden (Tnes., Frld.. only), 4-1Q?
8 00* The Coaster— Stops only San Jmn,
Gllroy (eonneeUna for Ool Ha-
ter). Pajaro. Castrorllle (eou-
aectton to and from Monterer
and Pactac Orore). Salinas. Saa
Ardo. Paso Ruble*. Santa Mar-
garita. San Lais ObUpo, principal
stations thence 8 nrf <connectloa
for Loapoc). principal ftstlons
theace Santa Barbara,San Rueaa>
rentura. San;us. I.os Angeles... 10- 45?
I.COa Baa Jose. Tret Pino*. Capttola.
.
San I.nls ObUpo and Principal
Way Station* 4-10f
10-30a Ean Jos* and Way Stations........ 1.20P
1140a Santa Clara. San Jose. Lo* Gatus
and Way Stations 7.30i«
1-30r San Jo*e and Way Stations 8 33a
S-OOr Del .Monte Expre**— Santa Clara,
San Jute, Del Monte. Mnnti-rey.
Padflc OroTe (connects at Sant»
Clara for Santit Craz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Oanpe point* >
... at Gilroy for Holllnter. Tres
Plans, at Castrnvtlle for Salinas. 12-1S'
5^0p TresPlnoaWaT P»<mengcr....i.... 10 45*
4 3CP Pan Jose and Way Stations tS.CSA
tB 00»* sin Jose. (t1* SanU Clara) Loi
Uatot. «nJ Prtoc!pai Way 6ta-
- - Uons (except Sunday) ..'. .... r9 00t
S5 30r Ban Jo«e and Principal Way Stations 19-40*
6-COp Sunset Limited.— Uedwocd. San
Jose, GIlroy.Sallo««.Pa»o Uoblea.- -
Ean l.ut* Oblspo. Santa Bur"»r*,
Los Augel«s. Uemlns. Kl Paao,
Jsew Orleans. New V'orV. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crua
liwSg tn-l it C*-«trovi'.!i« for P»cl9c
Gro^eand W»y Statlnns 710*
t6 IEp EanMtteo.Berenford.BelBiont.8aa
Carlos. Redwood, fair. Oaka,
c -• Menlo Park. Palo Alto '8-ii»
8 33p 6»n Jose and Way Stations..... .!«, .8.33*
t O&p Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 10.15a
H.ittP tkiath San Francisco. MHlbrae.Bor-
lingame, San Mateo, Belxnont,
San Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oalca,
Menlo Purk. and PaJo Alto 945»
' «11-Mr Marfleld. Monr.taln View. Sannr-
. - . Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
',; - • San Jose t9.43>
. A for MomiBiC P for Afternoo*.
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only
a Satarday only. -
' < I Btopa tl all stattont oa Sunday.
i tarOoi/ tniot stopping at Valencia St. so«thl>o«i»a
trrSllO x.U.,1.CDx.M^ U:X A.U.,3:3HifM.,t:.Xi r.M. %ai
;l;0>rjK i .
I Mt. Tamalpais Railway
I : " • - ; Law tia Sruatjto ?srry Arriva ~"
¦ a»F*»P<*«» ftittf lUfkMsl Sao Vnndxm^
Suav £m> - Wect
Days, dayi /rtSt^SSk J^y» Day*.
5JT«1««:ooa &Wr£aMi. l*i<**riQi*El
• «1:45p »:OOa l%^«Kf l:25r»:ft»»
AllSr 1O:OOa >|XjEih&^ S:»0p S:.1Op
H:00a 4:3Op w:SO*
*fc— ttl "wia tttfi ir ¦>¦» Mi Wkw IsMy ..
' "tlClir I C3» Makjckt ST_(Nortl» Sikort RallratUT
¦ tjnsB t and Saobauto Fssxy. Foot UarktB taW
EAJLWAY TBAVEL.
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND.
» A miM jLJLJLJBi %hL ¦ ¦ MM M \J \J M ; • TT'- \J ¦ ¦ m\.
Cannot Make Them Sick No>v.
PAINE'S GELERY COMPOUND
Keeps Hard=Pressed Office Men and Women
Well and Enjoying Life.
Q. R. Bclnhauaen, Grateful for Hearty I say to them, that Celery Compound is testlnes was gone In three weeks or a
Health Give* the Great Tonic to a boon to run-down, nervous people, and month, and I began to take as much
¦priMidE W hn a i.m T>m»u-ntr i*n4iv gives the courage and health that makes pleasare in lire Ss a nan v>ho lives en-
R?Id the l2t sentenrf nf^ thi« \SSr UU worth UviXL * and makes Work ple *"" tlr * ly ° Ul Ot doors -
Kead the last sentence of this letter ..j stjn take Palnes c *!ery Compound.
even ir you read no more than that. .. My occupa ti on puts «uch a strain on oft and on. for the vitality that it gives
There Is a lesson for you in the earnest m e and .keeps me so confined that It 13 PJ&- I know a grreat many r.«*opie who are
efforts of this busy office man to help his only once or twice in years that I take a as badly off as I was. but the trouble
friends find the way to Vitality and True good, long walk. " wlth them is. 'they do not believe In
Thousands of men and women who a sort of treneral breakdown. ! h *^2 e "ce^r4^cm B Snd a^3 «/« to
had forgotten what it was to feel the
thrill of true health-toilers or pleasure ™£? *fST Jeek? aVJ UmflTould'not I «gj* ™ «««• X.^* «t««l >"•"!
seekers, with health broken by indoor & e able to assimilate food. friend. In that way." T -^V
existence— have learned in just this way -when the doctor told me it was o. H. BEIMUISE.V
(by having It forced upon them by an ' ne rve exhaustion" I thought he was sim- I
SH feSH III M a ¦ ™ - II s£.-S£n«»
an p R^ dHVe aW8y aU weakness and de - "I t"ok several kinds of digestion med- o/?lSf SW^lllvTy £
pression. , icine. but it did me no rood. I read an ! disease and pain 1* la the inner
No mere stimulant can take the place advertisement of Paine's Celery Com- • nerves "
of. the nerve nourishment given to the pound one day and thought I would try '
Nerves by Paine's Celery Compound. It and see if the trouble really was in 1 — Professor Edward E. Phelps.
Sherwood Park, Yonkers, N. Y., the nerves. ' M- D.. LL.D.. of Dartmouth
January 7. 1904. "My friends were astonished to see j College, the famous Discov-
"I am recommending Paine'a Celery how quickly I improved, but none of ; erer of Paine's Celery Com-
Compound to many of the people in our them was more astonished than myself. ¦ pound.
office, and I am glad to say to you what "The trouble in my stomach and In- ' *
-tf^Missouri River aad Chicago. g^^^^^^^^L
If Three Fast Trams vl
|j| Southern Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago C North- Woitarn Rys. B$ ffl
IL^k, Standard snd tourist sleeping cars, compartment MM
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; tifaf
\A Wi For sl'eninsr car re^rrvat iens, tickets and information jRr hT
apply "> agents Southern Pacific Co., or to ¦
R- R- RITCHIE. General Azent, J^rJB^^^
CHICAGO g HORTH-WESTERN RY.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHIC ACO
LEAVES DAILY
at il'lUi a. m., through in tl days,
with diner and all traoviatrs.
HBffi3y*'' - * afeg^ > *f ; V^Vr I> ''*^*'r*P-'-' e CTC! **' Ji t'*lM'Jj'ui
£i^PATENTS!jjTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; /MARCH 10, 1904.
12
EPrCATIOXAL— Contlnwd.
STAMMERERS tau*bt to talk: no dra wl «
•Ingsong or motions. Call or write Natural
Spe«th Academy. 1030 Ea*t Twenty-elghtH
¦U. Los Angelei. Cal. ]
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical collets;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford PrO''»-
sor: day and evening sessions. Phelan blag.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. ¦ Thurs.. Eat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louisa Foster s
School of Dancln*. 1550 Market, nr. Larkln.
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be con-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' bM. :
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, aritn..
spelling, writing, etc ; day eve. ; $4 ma eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes& Electricity. 21 Post
¦t.. S. F. ;a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay cyanide; day. ev. ; est 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
HINMAN'S Academy & thorough school cf
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk et..
bet. Pine and California; classes now open.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary <t.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano $3 p«r mox;
mandolin club $1 per mo. 828 Halght at.
ESPANOL— Metodo practlco 7 progrestvo.
Rafael Serrano. 830 California, cnaxto nm. 4.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Plna st.— Night claj».
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH.French.ete. Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademy
of language; 320 Peat: tatab'd 1371: ablest profs.
EHPLOY11E5T OFFICES^
O^O^G^^OKir^SriPost »t.: tel. Bnah 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help. eto.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 420 Powell st. Tel. Mala 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau,
504 Kearny st.. room 3; phone Black 4458.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung'a. -Ill}; O'Farrell ; tel. East 428.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chines*
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 163.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 313 Stockton; Main S1S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel Main 1907. BRADLEY A CO.. B4O Clay.
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTEP-FEMALE.
TWO reliable girls wish positions; on« as cook.
oth*r as chambermaid; best of references.
Address 13 Hampton Terrace, oft Washing-
ton St.. bet. Powell and Stockton.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to do work In
a family. Address 12"<~, Lacgton St.. be-
tween 7th and 8th, Folsom and Harrison.
RESPECTABLE young married woman of, ex-
perience, no lncumbrances. wishes to take
charge of rooming-house or run on commis-
sion; Oakland preferred. Box 1070. Call of-
fice, Oakland.
A CARE-TAKER, at present employed In
country, wishes hou«« to cars for in city
or elsewhere after April 1; best references
given. Address M. M.. Ross. Calif., P. O.
box 12.
DRESSMAKER would like mow engagements
by the day or will take work home; guaran-
tee good fitting. 403 McAllister St.; tel.
Folsom 3485.
PROFESSIONAL, nurse wishes car* of Invalid
at $40 per month, or confinement case3 at $15
per week. Address MRS. H. II. B , lv.U
Hy.de st.
BY a German girl, housework of any kind: In
private family. Apply at 328 Jasaie st.. bet.
Fourth and Fifth.
AMERICAN woman wants housekeeper's posi-
tion or cooking; neat and reliable; city or
country. Address Housekeeper, 206 Eddy st.
EXPERIENCED and partly trained nurse t~-
slres care of Invalid; $35 per month. Box
2293. Call office.
A COMPETENT woman wishes work by the
day. Address box 4942. Call office.
FRENCH girl wishes to do general house-
work; references. Call Branch. 2200 Flllmore.
A LADT wishes laundering to do at home.
Phone Fell 1041.
ADVERTISEMENTS, supscrlptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ad» and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. f33 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— OIAL E.
CUTTER, Fifth ave.. New York: a strictly
up-to-date custom cutter desires to make a
chan-e for California; city or country;
practical tailor: the venr best of references.
A. L. S.. 53 South Clinton ave.. Rochester.
New York.
WANTED — Position as assisting bookkeeper
and office? man: some experience as shipping
clerk; not afraid of work; place for promo-
tion: salary not considered: can give best of
reference. Box 4547. Call office.
CATHOLIC younir man; jinderstands well car*
of horses. . carriages, driving, milking, garden
work; all-round ir.an; willing and reliable;
references. Box 4523, Call office.
ALL-ROUND, handy, reliable man (with fam-
ily) desires steady work as Janitor or some
position of trust. 2 Hampton court, rear 6«3
Harrison st.
AS bartender — Experience: middle-aged, sober
and respectable: references; town or country.
Bartender, 404 Third «t.
A MAN who Is trustworthy and reliable de-
sires position aa night .watchman. Address*
H. F.. SIP Third st.
BARBER — Young married man would like
steady position. Please 'address HENRY
KAMMERER. 122 Turk st.
MAN wants clace on ranch (wife also if de-
elred); understands horses, cattle, sheep or
, gen-ral farming; some knowledge of fruit;
able to take ful! charse; capable of manag-
ing large- place; best references. Address,
with particulars. HENRY ROBINSON.
South Berkeley.
WANTED — Position by competent and rellablo
man; understands care of horses, cows, etc.;
good gardener and handy with tools: refer-
ences. Address 1103 Twenty-«:igS»U» at.. Oak-
land. •
RELIABLE and experienced young man w&ntj
position as collector for large . and well-
established business house; straight calary
preferred: best of references furnished. Ad-
dress 2148 Market St.. Oakland. Cal.
RELIABLE, steady young man wishes situa-
tion for half days; no Janitor work; refer-
ence. Address H. E. H.. 1522 Railroad ave..
Alameda.
ATTORNEY, who Is also experienced offlcs
man, bookkeeper, correspondent. buslnes3
manager, etc., will accept position with cor-
poration. Box 4527. Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY man (ZSy wants position as
night watchman; can furnish references.
Address I. B.. 750 Folsom st.
WANTED — By a boy from the country, wttlj
some experience, a situation m a tailor shop.
Address box 4545. Call office.
BARBER — First class, sober, wants flrst-clasg
job: state wages. Address Barber, box 4223.
Call office.
STENOGRAPHER and^ office assistant: »
months' experience: best references: salary
$40 a month. Address 110 Eddy at., room 15.
GOOD, middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Inquire at New Atlantic Hotel.
207 Montgomery ave.
BARBER would like steady Job. Please a 1-
dresa THEO WUESTEMAN. 3«O Bartlett st.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wishes steady
position. Box 433S, Call office.
A JAPANESE boy wants a placw to do cook-
ing in small family: speaks English vary
well. FRANK NAKA. 1714 Devisadero st •
tel. Scoft. S77.
A STRONG Japanese wishes position to do
laundry In private family; good experience
KINU. »•).". Jessie st.
GOOD Japanese wants situation to do cooking
I and housework In city. 1109 Pierce st ¦ teL
I Scott 17S3. "
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at lOVtt
i Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received st Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
__J F1XAXCIAL.
i\i PER CENT
Is paid on ordinary savings account* and 6
per cent on term accounts by tha Phoenix
tarings B. and L. . Association. 310 California
st. A. A. Watklns. president; Charles R,
Bishop, vice president; S. Prsntlss Smith.
treasurer: Clarence Crange. secretary and
managing director; Gavin McNab, attorney -
Oeorg* C. Boardman and Charles E. LadrfL
directors: Walter K. Smith, csahter.
Subscribed capital, $3,000,000: paid la capl-
taL $1.000.CCO; reserve tttnd. $200,000.
FEATHER REXOVATIXO.
BT new. healthful process. CaL Steam F«ata«c
Co.. 323 Van Nesj ave.; t«L Howard 3147.
* SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium; readings daily, $1: de-
veloping claps Thursday 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
ELISK BRAUN. renowned psychlc.My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. 8S6 Bush.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night. 10c; readings daily. 619 McAllister.
MRS LESTKR. f»*5 Mission; life reader, busi-
ness medium; irad. dally: cir. to-night. 10c.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday. .
PROF. FRED~EVANS. noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. . Phone Scott SS7.
CLAIRVUYAKTS,
PROFESSOR ALBERT C. VICTOR.
The Famous
PALMIST AND CLAIRVOYANT.
Special Reduction for Three Days.
50 cents— His $5 Reading for— 50 cents.
Free Test! , Free Test! Free Test!
A Free Test to All Who Come Prepared to
Have a Reading. - • . '
Without, asking a question he. tells you your
name, your mother's maiden name, the name
of the one you love, tells you your age and
what you called for. without -asking a single
question.
THERE IS NO AFFAIR of . importance—
past, present or future— but what .Professor
Victor's occult eye can plainly reveal. He will
point out the way that will lead to success in
business, speculations, investments, love, court-
ship, matrimony, divorce or anything you may
be ln trouble about.
Unlike impostors and pretenders, : Professor
Victor, takes no money , in advance . and posi-
tively refuses to accept any fee if you are not
entirely . (satisfied. All , business strictly, con-
fldential. Hours from 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. daily
and Sunday. 700 Post tt.
PROF. CLARK. THE GREATEST HYP-
NOTIC CLAIRVOYANT OF THE AGE AND
•; HUMAN X-RAY. WILL GIVE DAILY
READ1NG8 -AT, THE ' PARLORS OF THE
INSTITUTE OK PSYCHOLOGY, 521" GOLD-
EN GATE AVE.. ON BUSINESS. POLI-
TICS AND ALL IMPORTANT -AFFAIRS
IN LIFE: DIAGNOSES DISEASES -ACCU-
RATELY AND LOCATES FOREIGN SUB-;
STANCES IN THE ITUMAN: BODY.
PROF. HENKEL OF THE; IN8TITUTE
TEACHES HYPNOTISM. DEVELOPS
CLAIRVOYANT AND CURES LIQUOR.
TOBACCO AND MORPHINE HABIT AND
STAMMERING, AND ALL FEMALE ILLS
WITHOUT DRUGS. • *»
ISM A It, .the 'Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant | and
palmist, . permanently located at 1104 Market
.St.. cor.. Turk: private. readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p.m.; readings by mail as satlsfac-
. ,tory aa In 1 person;. 3 questions answered. $1;
.full. life,. $5; send lock of. hair, date of year
of birth; don't 'send currency; send postofflee.
Wclls-Fargo money order or "registered letter.
CAI1PKT BRATIXC > AND CLEAXIXG.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
On . floor, without removal ; price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
' building. Phone Main S237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama et.; tel. South 40.
DEL. MONTE — Carpets renovated on the, floor;
also beating. 547 Hayes st. ; phone Page 638.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
' rlson St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel.8outh 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. ; tel. Mission 26X
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
83a Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 26.
COKES BUWUKS.
WHO? — Hunter. 1206 Market'st.: $100; rupturt
. cure for >10: circular explains: send for on*.
~~~~ DENTISTS. _^_
DR~*lTuDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ara
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gaa given.
ANEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 BO; fillings. 50c:
plates $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. H. G. YOUNG — Bridges and teeth wlth-
out plates specialty. 1841 Polk at.
GOLD fllllngs 75c:' sliver. 35c crowns, $2; no
pain ;open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors.235 Kearny, cor. BusJi —
Set teeth, $1 50 un; crowns. $2 up;fllllngs.25c.
ARTHUS CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
.floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'FarreM.
,. k *SMAKERS AXD SEAMSTUKSSk*
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng; double
stamps nn dress linings. Stewart's buttgn and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; teKFolsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & MUinery School—
Pattterns cut to measure: eve. class 1019 Mkt.
EpPCATIOXAIfc .
WRITE to California Business College • for In-
formation concerning February club dis-
count; on moving Into our new and elegant
• building wo wont SCO student*: come and
. join the great school of the West; 75-pags
catalogue. 5'0l-8?5 Golden Gate ave. ¦
AYRES. the leadtng business college. 723 Mar-
' ket rC; established IS years; the school that
' secures i>osltions for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, 8.
' F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
.- languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
I and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire* a 'good position; Gregg
¦ shorthand.' Kills bookkeeping.- S. . F. Business
College. 1236 Market tU
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $1650 COR. saloon with 4 rooms and bath:
rent $50; lease; a flrst-class uaylnjr place In
choicest location: $150 >»r rai'_:'i ci» ar guar-
anteed. K. O. WitiKB 20ii Kearny *t.
A— $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
ga'Iery, averaging about $9 60 per day; ex-
penses about $5 per day: will sell or trade
for lodpmr-house. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny «t.
A— $1200: COFFEE saloon and bakery in '.
choicest location; rent $80; daily receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
U. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ¦
A— $S50; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton eta.; rent $75: a splendid
location and rare business chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 2P>% Kearny et. v
A— $2250; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.;
no opposition; in thriving country town about
75 miles from this city; a rare chance. For
particulars see R. Q. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay, with lot 60x100;
house of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc; price $3000; not all cash required; a
good business Call on R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny ft.
A— $4000; CORNER saloon, with lea»e; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
owners for years; fullest Investigation so-
licited. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
! A— $3000; GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment ln Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 and a flrst-clars paying business;
other investments only cause of sale. See
R. Ci. WILKE. 20% Kearny ft.
A— $1200; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4% barrels
per day: daily sales $45; living room*. Call
R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny tt.
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; clo«e to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock; clears at least $250 per month; "
full valu" in sight: a splendid offer. See K.
G. WILKE. 20^4 Kearny St.
A— $500; BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; daily receipts about 510;
'¦ choicest location in the Misson. See R. O.
i WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
I A— $2200; SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
• vicinity Fourth ft.. Market and Stockton;
I place, speaks for itself: all particulars. R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar. with 10 fur-
nished rooms; 5 years' lease: rent $6fi; a
businesjs where man and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny Ft.
A — $3(«tO; COAL, hay and grain yard: on Geary
St.; rent $40; lease; 3 horses, 6 wagons; busi-
ne»s estab. years; Investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
j A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and ice cream parlors. .. .$200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Faloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,mio
Frujt and vegetable stores $300 to M0O0
Prug stores $2000 to $C0OO
Pelicateesen stores $2oO to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
FOR sale — Beautiful mountain resort, less than
30 minutes' ride from depot of best interior
city in State; less than 3 hours' ride from
Fan Francisco: 20 acres land; :Ui-room, furn.
hotel, with barns, sheds, etc.; 3 years' leae«;
can get longer; rental $500 per year; horses,
buggies, 2 cows; bar well equipped; billiard
table, piano; raises own fruit, vegetable,
hay, chickens, "etc. ; big meney to be made;
price $2r.CK> : account death. CAMERON & !
CO., 3 Eddy st. •
FOR pale or tracle-^Quartz mines; fine prospect; \
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for r'mg-house. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candies: established 8
years; clears over $200 per month; will in- '
voice about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sa'e. or will trade, for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; well
located; clearing $30<> per month; flrst-class
proposition; will stand strict investigation;
price. fguOO. CAMERON A CO.. 2 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Drug store, in Sonoma County; on
railroad; no competitlcn within 25 miles;
owner unable to give personal attention;
cheap for tash; fine location for physician.
Address box 4541.. Call office. »
DELICACY and notion store; gcod trade; in
k locality surrounded by families: no oppo-
sition for several blocks; stock all new and
clean; fixtures attractive; living. rooms and
furniture: rent low. Box 2037. Call.
BARGAIN— Barber shop: laundry pays rent;
g<x«l location; $200. TETLOW, S50 Market.
SNAP— $260; barber shop; rent, water and
light. $20. J. E. TETLOW. 850 Market st.
I $2."O— PARTNER wanted in established com-
mission business clearing $150 monthly: will
give Lark references; ¦ experience not re-
quired; grand eppertunity. 1C07>2 Market, r.l
$$75— SALOON, stock and fixtures ln whole-
tale district: must sell o n account of being
compelled to leave the city. Address box
2TO5. Call office.
FOR SALE— Candy and ice cream factory;
gooe. clean nock on hand: fine fixtures:
grooj locality and a fine trade. Address box
2018. Call office.
OLD established meet market In good loca-
tion; dolr.e a good business: fullest investi-
gation; very reasonable; phone Folsom 1522
P-ox <r.:o. Call office.
BARBERS, attention! Fin? downtown shop 4
chairs; Al business: only $:{00; 10 others
SKIRM, « Eddy st., room 72.
SEND or call room 222 Farrott Mdg. for par^
ti'Ulars «f ?. small, faff, honest 5 per cent
a minth'invpstment. besides large profit.
$CO(V- SPLENDID opportunity: established wTth
automobile delivery; money refunded if not
»f represented. r>10 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
BRANCH bakery, etc.. price $140: three"nlce
living rooms: rent $15; value in sight. 1713
Broadway. Oakland,
FOR rent— Blacksmith shop, with or without
tools; established Fix years. Inquire 1300
Railroad ave.. Alameda.
FOR sale— The only flrst-class roadhouse in
California near San Francisco. Address box
24S8. Call office.
WANTED— To buy a grocery and bar; a good
stand; state location and price asked. Box
2947. Call office.
ACTIVE man with J500 to take half Interest
in eld established real estate business- refer-
«nce» required. P. O. box 1«2. Oakland, CaL
FOR rale — Saloon license and fixtures 14T»
Castro ft. > ' *
FAMILY liquor store in best neighborhood ln
?«ty: whole or half. Call S21 Market »t.
PARTNER— Sr loon, boa7d7ng~lnT~ lodging
_j!2"J!^L 21 ht - dil : $6°0- D- M.. 120 Market st.
FOR sale— Half interest In a flrst^class~fruit
and vegetable stall. Box 4544. Call office.
SMALL »>oardlne-house for sale; "room* fuTT
Particulars. 30 McAllister St.: after 10 a. m.
ROUTE on Call. Apply at office.
SA Jt? ON ln * oo<1 business location, close to
Third and Market sts. Box 2930. Call office.
WANTED— A cigar stand. Box 29S5 Call
office. V •- *;"
FCR *ale — Complete cleaning and dytlnc
works. Box 22«5. Cull office.
GROCERY and bar for .sale cheap. 3127
Buchanan st,-s-> <py :
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
'-'Pen until 11 p. m. .
LOOGIXG-HOLSKS FOR SALE.
1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
Country corrcstwndence promptly answered.
CXt ™ r tU , le % R^bl* dealings. Easy terms,
w rooms; trade for ranch; clears $350
14 rooms; rent $30; amazingly low price.. $350
34 rooms; rent $60; Just think!........: $1550
.13 rooms; rent $35; one floor «n(»0
6 rooins; rent $20; a pick-up ! 1130
20 rooms; clears $80; rent $40.: "$8&0
40 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $60. !!'$iofto
16 rooins; rent $50; clears $63: terms... ?$050
Jl rooms; sunny corner; rent $55 sinoo
12 rooms: Calitornia .u; rent $50; , sna P :*$760
10 rooms; Geary st.: clears $40; rent S^S *V)rt
18 rooms; fi unfurnished: rait |« im
55 rooms; transient; lease ""iivio
« rooms; Post St.. rent $32; only.'.'." V'50
12 rooms; Polk si; partially furnished. II. '$450
A— JOSEPH RKIRM. ROOM f»
6 Eddy Street, corner Powell
PHONE GREEN 631. -
For quick rssults call on me. < I can rive vou
now rome -choice bargains; In flats, rooming
and apartment houses. Bear In mind when
you do business through •. my ' office it is not
necessary for you to have all the cash; wi
loan you all the money you may require. Give
u« a call. . RKIRM.- « Eddy; «t.
CLAI*nVOYA.\TS-~Con<lnne«I.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at once and save $1.
His former $5 readings this week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the information for which
You consult him. ¦
(You to 1m full judge.) . .
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairyovant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco. - -
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to fell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
lee to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or false: tell whom and- when you
will marry,' in fact I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than. you can tell
yourself; I restore lost affections, 'reunite the
teparated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful In life, cure disease and lost vltal-
. Ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and buried treasures and Insure you success
or charge nothing for my services); 10 a..m.
to 8 p. m. : Sundays 2 To 6.
326— O'Far'reU st.— 326/
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg.;
she reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals j the present
happenings and- portrays events to occur in the
future; if you are In trouble, discontented, or
not satisfied with life, or have domestic, lo\-e
or business troub*s, consult this great medium
and you will be told how to overcome* them;
valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c' up;
satisfaction guaranteed; readings 'by mall. T«t.
Black 4569. ; .
AA— MME. RAVENNA, formerly of 5 Fourth
St., has permanently moved to; her new and
elegant of flees, , 835 Howard st., bet. j Fourth
and Fifth; thanking her many patrons and
, soliciting their further patronage: business
advice; originator of namen given; full, life
reading, 60c until further notice. • ' . •-¦-••
A — Miss M. Wille. 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will, tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR., young, gifted, clalr. & palm.:
I correctly treat your love affairs.' domestic
trouble,' bus.* and financial success; names;
L,,. 50c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin.,nr. G. G. ave.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG,- palmist, clalr-
voy«nt, card reader: when others fail try me;
' good readings 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
MRS. • BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, rs-
. moved from 132 6th to 23^ tith: 1. 25c. g. 50c.;
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26% Kearny, room 20; ladles, 25c; cents, Sue.
MRS." BAUMANNV the well-kntrwn rortune-
teller. is now at 317 Ellis st. - , .- '
MRS. SHAKER, clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings daily. 448% Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.'
A WEEK'S news.for 5 cents— The Weekly. Call,
.16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing.; $1 per year.
CLOTHCTO BSSOTATIgfi. - ¦'
SUITS cleaned ! and i pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon'Marche," 40 Ellis st.,' room 14;
'phone Drumm 41. Call for and deliver free.
LODCIXG HOU5F.S FOR SA1.R Cm.
A CAMERON St CO. Phone South 1050.
8 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters Tor rooming-houses, ' hutels and
all kinds of business chances.
86 rooms; corner; rent only $500; best down-
town house ln city; electric elevator; well fur-
nished; guaranteed \o clear *400 to ?500 per
month; books oi>en for inspection: everything
in first-class shape; on account other business.
. 7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price ?350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building:
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
ing $C0o per month; every room full: will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
18 rooms; rent only flOO; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to (1100.
106 rooms; cheap rent; flrst-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing (350 to |400 per
month; going East.
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished: oak
furniture; Axminster carpets; beautiful flat- .
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 ner month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent 580; well furnished; all new;
$600 down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; only
$l*.50.
126 rooms; rent only $4 p«r room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights ; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little e*m of a home; price $760.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes ln J30 to $40 per day transient, besides
recular roomers; will bear Investigation.
12 rooms: Poet: oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets: clears $50: $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $S00.
9-room, new. modern flat: 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness.
50 rooms: elegantly furnished: fine location:
close In; new and modern throughout: full and
clearing $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on it asked: chance of a lifetime.
90 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill in
connection; best proposition in city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping: clears
?50; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time. ,
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished: 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
In- $400 to $600 per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 room*; rent $95; fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full: $2000.
11 rooms; rent $40; close in; oak. cherry fur-
niture: Bru*?els carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time: snap; $700.
46 room*: rent only $65; well located hotel
south of Market; fine bar. well stocked: brick
building; electric llchts; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500:
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
25 rooms: rent $140: hot and cold water: part
housekeeping: all full; clears $150 per month;
well furnished; leavinc city: gift; $1200.
50 rooms; new; modern apartment-house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; flrst-class proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern building; in
one of the best cities In Southern California:
electric lights: hot and cold water; everything
up to date: n-year-leas<e; rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms: w*ll furnished: first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks off Market; 5-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
S5 rooms; rent only $150; close In: thorough-
ly renovated, put ln first-class condition; run
be run transient If desired; clears now $1R5
per month; part cash, balance time; good
money-maker.
14. rooms: cheap rent; furnished in oak; Ax-
minster and Brussels carpets; new; half cash,
balance long time; make offer; departure.
31 room*: rent $110; all light rooms: dur-
ing over $100 per mo.: r*>pular snap: only *Soo
to get In; must leave city at once: price "$130rt.
21 rooms, well furnished; fine little down-
town transient house: clearing $100 per month-
obliged to leave the city: $1700.
20 rooms: ch«ap r»nt; oak and cherry furni-
ture: Moouet carpets: good lease: clearing S125
per month; part cash: balance time. •
- 17 rooms: rent onTy S75: Ellis: oak furni-
ture: good carpets: clears $60: leaves 3 rooms
for landlady; fine opportunity to get good
hnupe reasonahle.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406'Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modem bu.«Im-s.« methods in fine front of flees.
Phone Black 8607, or take elevator to 4th floor
I p-to-dat< ; title abstract free with every sale
We do business strictly according to law.
23 rooms; Suttor St.: rent ?7f: cl«nrs
$10rt mrn»h: well furnished; all men-
a good bargain. K '- (J150O)
19 rixras; elegant furniture: lease;
north of Market; new and the very
pink of perfection.
32 rooms; offer wanted: 3-year lease-
sunny riile; central; transient and
pfrroanent. 1 ($2000)
150 roTis: new house: new and elegant
furnishings; 8-year lease; clears
549IJ month; all men roomers.
150 rooms in apartments; new house;
newly turniahed; full of select peo-
ple and pays bis dividends.
16 rooms: housekeeping; rent $50; in-
come $112: 3 blocks of Market; sun-
ny sld*; half iash. ' ($750;
117 rooms: rent $TH); Income $S0O;
It-ase If Oeslred; nicely located; north
of Market st. ($6500)
29 rooms; new house: new furniture.;
rrnt $60; 2-year lease; apartments;
mechanics. ($1500)
21 rooms: rent $i0; clears $75: need
.only S.V0 In cash for first payment. . ($1300)
15 rooms; near Geary St.; 5 blocks of
Market st.; Funny; first rayment
$500: welf furnished. ($1000>
16 rooms; north of Market St.: ¦ 10
r.ewlv furnished. 6 unfurnished;
rent $45: all full. ($500)
GO rooms; electric elevator; nice trade;
clears $W0 per month; hooks open
for your examination. ($6000)
80 rooms: new: corner: rent $375; In-
come $HSO; 5-year lease; extra easy
terms. • * ($6500)
53-room corner; rent $225: clears $176;
fi-year loas«: transferable; clean; re-
tpectahle. ($4000)
44 rooms; new house: new furniture;
5-year lease: electric lights; only'
$1200 down. ($2S00)
8 rooms; corr.er flat: near City Hall:
rent $::0; income $50; $200 down and
monthly Installments.
30 rooms"; 3 blocks north; new house;
new and elegant furniture; long
lease; clears monthly. ($200)
45 rooms; corner north of Market st.: >
owner out of city; a bargain; half
cash. ($2000)
22 rooms; ccrrier; all sunny rooms;
• north oJ Market «t. : fine location;
big bargain for a lady.
$100 'as first payment); splendid,
newiy furnished llttlfl tran»t«nt
house. ' ($400)
MITCHELL & CO Phone Jessie 2981
1'JinJ Market ct.. opposite tfixth.
16 rooms: neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40; sell or exchange; price $650.
65 rms.; downtown house: steady; transient:
clearing £350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
20 rms.: choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well ' appointed housekeeping
suites; landlady must sell; make offer.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
100 ROOMS, sunny corneiv rent $125 $4500
40 rooms, south of Market, rent $110* 2G00
46 rooms. Mission warm belt, r/»nt $03. 21-Tiit
20 rooms, .summer resort, rent $400 yr. ' 550
14 rooms,' fine location, rent low '700
Hotels »nd summer resorts.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
A— $1000: house of 30 rooms, 37 beds; rent $100.
lease of 4 years: good furniture; rooms always
occupied. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
52-ROOM nicely furnished. • centrally located
house for sale. Address WILSON. 409 Tay-
lor Bt.\ - ¦ ;'• ..". U.: ¦
IS ROOMS rent $70: long lease: furnished new;
clears $60 Call at 850 Ellis st. . .
LODGING-HOUSES WANTEU.;-
WANTED — A lodging-house of about 35 to 40
: rooms. Address box 1 2951. .Call office.
OITIOES. ' '
BAD tenants ejected for $1; collections made;
city or country, Pacific Collection Co.. 415
' Montgomery. • rooms 9-10;< tel.* Main 5580.'. ¦
THlM§f2yjL
JOHN D. SPSECgEI»S. Proprietor.
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELETHON E.
Ark for THE CALL. The Operator "VClll Con- ,
sect You With the l>partir.ent You >Msn.
Publication Offle* Market and Third. S. F.
E(J:tona.l P.oom 21" to 221 Steveneda »t-
DHivernl by Carrirr*. 20 Ct». Per "«'<•*>£. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copio* 5 , c * nt !.- .
Terns by Mail. Including Po«a«e (Ca*n w un
Order) :
PAILT CALL (lacSad. S-jndarV 1 y«»r...*S-00
PAILT CALL <lncJud. Sunday). 6 mos 4.JW
DAILY CALL — By Sir.frle Month ,'?f
6UNDAT CALL 1 Tear --jj"
¦WEnXLT CALL 1 Tear • • ' • w
r Dallv SS >>0 Per Tear Extr*
FOREIGN J gStof.™ Per Tear Extra
POSTAGE. [^5J: LcO Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. /
farrif Copies will be forwarded when re-
Quetted.
Mai! eubecribers ln ordering change of aa-
Cms ehouSd be r articular to plve both NEW |
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt tr.d correct compliance with their r«-
Btiett.
OAKLAND OFEICE:
lJie Brcatfvay Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE: j_
21 *S Center Street Telephone North ••
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AKUKL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
•«-aldcrf- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
CnSon S^quarp; Murray Hi!I Hotel; Fifth-ave-
Xkj« Hotel end JloiTrr.an House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhrnran House; P. O. News Co.; Great
JCorthern Hotel: Trpmor.t House; Auditorium |
Hottl; Palmer House.
CHICAGO r.KPHnSENTAXIVE:
C. GEORC5E KROGXESS.-M*rqoett« Building i
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
STEPHEN B. fcMITH o0 Tribune Building \
NEW TOUK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squarw
BT'SINE?? OFFICE of the San Franoisco j
Ca:>. corner M.trket and T^ird streets; op.n i
tr.ii! 12 o'clock every niRht in the year.
BRAN'CH OFFICES:
If»"« Market firet-t. opposite Fifth; open until
11 r- ni.
ET Moritpomery street, corner Clay: open
until 9:30 r ns.
Zd> Hay<E street; opon until S:30 p. ">•
W McAllister street: open until 3:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open ur.til 8:30 p. m. , .
mi iii^ ? ion Btreet: oif» "UJtn 10 p. m.
2X1 Market street, corr.er Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
Jf« Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
SO:*; . Valencia street; o;«n until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets:
cp^n until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner <•' Twrnty-s^cond and Ken-
tucky streets; ojen until 9 p. m.
??<" Ki'.lnK.re m«*t; ot>en until 9 p. m.
MUK'fl.NU ;«OT1CUS.
A SPECIAL meftinr of Yerba j-,
Huena Oiapter No. 1. Rose Crolx. J 1
A. iiui A. BoottiSta R'.t» of Free- ""JsJ — I
masonry. w:!l r* i\f\A in Chapter *T?f"~^
Hali Mas=nnir Temple, on THURS- ftl
DAY EVENING. March 10. 1S04, (1
at *• o'clock. Reofi.iinn of peti- II
tions. HENRY rt'RNEK. P-r. LJ
MISSION Charter No. 79. R. A. M. — ®
F|«^-ial meeting this iTHrRSDAVlVV
EVEXCCG. 7:3rt o'clock; Royal Arch />r\
degree. Ey <-«rder of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. l. F. end A. m
XL. will me*t THIS (THURSDAY! W
EVENING et 7:3f> o'clock; first de- /VS
gree. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec
FIDELITY Lodpe No. 120. F and A. M. «
—Special rnwtl:.c THIS (TUURFDAY) *JV
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock: third de-
FT*t , iJjster Mawt <sirdially invited.
Ey order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
6OUTH fan Francisco Lodge No. 212 fi
F. and A. M.. mt^ts THIS iTHrRS-W
DAT! EVr.M.VG at 7:30 o'clock- nrst /V\
cepre*. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC isAs* No. ZUS. F. an-J AM— m
rvr«,v^ r " THIP <THrn?DAT) VV
E\ E»P?O et -:H) o'clock. By <.rd»r of
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
tTARR KINgV^T^o. ZU7 F. mnA ?>•>:
•A- -M., .',1, lK-\l^aii"r'> Et TMr<1 lit. %A£*
gn* THIS EVEXIXO a 7.-IO ocWk : AA
Master M.wne cordially nvtt^d I B, :
herder «K the W.M. A.^ jS^ERgQy 1 g re
P rf T F GR X AN V S * AMOdation; i7'or~Z~~
y t .— Mentors, atterd the recu- :
iH,r^rl !? rPtir = I" Fraternal
DAI EVEXKCG. March 11. at 8 o'ctodL
A. t-^NjCHOI^v President.
VETERAN ODD FELIX>WS-^Th^ IZ]
:urf ral services of Past Pres -
SoBtr-JiSJfifflSRS flK i*P
MAGNOLIA Lodpe Nn "•», x ~~ o
in our lrxipe-rnom. to attend tbe^S^E^
THE officers and members i
of Golden Gate Camp N'o. t<Tm~~ T\
Ti^ighbcr. JOHN °DOWrT «i«<43 ' mt^iW"
TOJDAY rTHtffiSDAT) March 10 at 5^
0^ n orfc^^-^ r r.orsoV/-c 0
r^ ts T » I? trmjnsDAYi even- * TT^
ING m Fraternity Hall. .',2 O'Fa r - %\&{ ¦*
?oW "' S ( ?: cIr^ k - Amendment;
to b>-Iaw R will come up for ecn«!Mpr a t7^,
GEO. W. PATERSnx Rova[ a cn"f
A. E. CARLISLE. JtecoWcr. '
ANNUAL Meeting— Hutchlr.son S.j^"r PlamT
tion r.ompany-The r*Bu! ar annual mee.'nK f,r
th^e:ockh"!o^re cf the Ht'TCH Xso\ <ivu'
PLANTATION MOJIPANT "" HI » l^tit
The office or the company. Ko :^7 Mart*!
for the purpo F . <jt el^ctine a Board of nil
r^lors to w e for tne mi>tling ™ ™ «J
fw the transact ion of such other buiine«
Transfer hocks will clofe on FRllAv
March 11 m>4. at 3 o'clock p. m * tul)AY -
F *ran T v rT *"- U '« h ' n .r On Fui!ar "^'w'l'n'con,-
Sm'orS Mark " 8treet ' San Francisco.
Fan Franrisr f>- cal.. March 8. l!>04.
A WKEK'6 news for 5 rents— The Weekly C«n
16pages.in wrapper.for malllns. ji y^ y f \' r ;
ACE.VTS WABTEft
KEN end women to TepTwnTuV fiTea^n
.cunty Particulars, address Rylance c*A
rn-rrial Co.. P. O. box 631; Oakland! Cal
\'- K * 1 - /" _,. X f > .•-• '¦ . •
A^ n /^^ A . n a « r " nc - v tor * Proposition that Is
Jm«rt Company. Parrott building
' fl 't ft-, t-an I ranc>co. Caf.
*£ AD Y5BTISi:»n3HTP_WKrriHO.
HAVING recently acQulred throueh~iii2i; n^.~
cf property three *40 scholarships ln tbTbSX
i C wnf%*°l, t.; Crtl ? lr^ ln tbe United state,
csth: th* colleee teaches advertlwjnent vrrlu
ire by correspondence and assists its. grtid-
tatcs to. eecure poslUons:. catalogue; fu°.
r.i-r.ed on «rr Mention. Anrir^g box 302fl.- Call.
-A1-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a emalTf^
fc«e tre and save money; no pay in advance
G. tt\ HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
Established 12 yrs.: nns. I. 2. 3» « & 5 il. „
1122 Markrt st.. between ilason Md^lw*
Advice free fell matters. Detective, employed;
R 'r.l V '« K1XO - A^o^ey-at-I-aw. Exam, bid* "
Oth fioor entrance room €11; established lf6
year*; all cases, penerar court aad office prac.
t ice; no fee Jn advance or for consultation-
e\enir.c» by appointment. Tel. Red 306L
L n. CLARK. ' 927 Market «t • consulUUon
free; no leet ln advance; open eveningT
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; ad^i
| free; open evenings. &27 Market et.. na. 30L
POAItDIJWG FOR CH IL.D It E.\.
WANTED— A good home for a young infant in
a plain umlly. Address box «i9TCalL
To Advertisers in Next Stand&r's Classified Columns
TH£CALL Offers Free a Nine-Inck Flexible Cellti-
loid Letter Opener and Paper 'titter Witn Litno-
grapned Handle — a Very Necessary Article for Home
'. or; Office Use. tf* . .- ~'\p* &' . >?/'
This gift can be obtained by placing a Want Ad in Next SUNDAY'S CALL, and in no other
way can one be secured. Premium will be given Thursday, Friday and until 11 p. m. Saturday.
After that hour offer will be closed. ~ . . '
-T^)g'y*SwflCrTBffjnBr4i^^''^rr r^ SS^^V - ' '' " ' ''¦' " ¦¦"¦"¦"¦¦¦ '¦' ' *' ¦ '¦'¦''*'¦'¦' "*^^->'"A^>ji3KsfiXi *" * * * -"""^ 'v'' -^ l 3 Vl "*"**i> 4*~ * i^r^-W^^wSSMHri
KgjPBBIH^PBjB^^BgjB^yMHBflErfi|n^ ¦ ¦ -. ¦ '.-. - . - ¦ ¦:¦ : '- ; . . '•¦¦->; ¦ ¦ ...'.."¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ '' ,„„***.—¦ wsps-ftoitj. >---' ¦ '"¦•m!- • rt"f"*^^^ y ? ?^ -. * '^ i ' <, * * -^,-# ' ****** < e
LITITER OPENER AND PAPER CUTTER. . ' ? .
¦ —TELL YOUR WANTS;
s< IN NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL
And you, will be speaking; direct to OVER 85,000 REGULAR
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising; medium.
It is safe to figure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you. are really talking to
255,000 PERSONS, most of whom arc home people,* consequently a well-to-do . and desirable class of our
community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares. . ' , -
Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Sun-
day's Call. . •
» ' ¦ ¦
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets; >
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: ¦ • -
100S Market streei. opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. in.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 \>, m.
633 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m. . • ¦
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. - » ¦ •
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until • p. m. • - . ' .".
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. ' .
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open'untll 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p.m.
2200 Fillmore # street; open un.il 9 p. m.
• OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway ' Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY OFFICE: . #
214S Center Street - ......Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store .-••••• •••• Park StreetContinued on Page Fourteen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1904.
13
REAL F.STATK— iConmry — For Snle. i
FOR ia!e— Country homes In every county In j
California at an prices, from $450 00 to
$75,000 00. Immense llt-l to select from. If
you wact land of any kind call on
• HOWE A MEURITT.
952 Broadway. Oakland. -
320 ACRES fine fruit, alfalfa or srnln land,
near Winters, Cal.; rrrperty ot Good Tem-
plars' home tor orphans; mu«t be *old. Call
or address VOLNEY TAYLOR. 145» West St..
'. Oakland. j
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards, j
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata- J
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market st. ».
HOMESTEAD or timber claim. $25; 160 acres
Gov. land, wood and water. Box 45CO. Call.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
OAKLAND prcperty to exchange for country
.property. P. C. LASSEX. 466 Tenth st..
'Oakland/ Cal.
BOOMS FOIl IIOL'SKKEKFIXG.
BARTLETT. 419 — 3 unfurnlshsd attic rooms
for housekeeping; .closet-room, sink.
BIRCH avV. 615 — 3 gocd unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping: $3. Key 642 Grove st.
ELLIS. 611 — Furnished sunny front alcove. 2
connecting rooms; gas rar.gc, bath, phone.
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furn. sunny front parlor;
single rooms: housekeeping . privileges; gas.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 2.11 — 3 rooms In base-
Ynent; gas -range, laundry; *14 per month.
GOUGH. 211 — Top. floor; three sunny unfur-
nished rooms; gas, batb, etc.; adults only.
GUERRERO, 104— Nicely furnished front al-
cove .room: splendid location; reasonable;
references required. *
HOWARD. 23S1 — Two very large rooms; well
furnished: yard; $12; adult.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites ; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted; free batha; rate $30 up.
O'FARRELL. 776 — Unfurnished, sunny, light
double front parlors; also furnished rooms:
reasonable.
OTARRKLL, 1610 — Nlc*ly turnlshed suite of
nice sunny housekeeping rooms to let.
STERLING Apartments. Hayes, bet. Fillmore
and Stelner: finest in city; 4 rooms, bath;
. Just finished: open Sunday; water; garbage;
Janitor service free.
TWENTY-SECOND, cor. Fair Oaks st. — Two
furnished connecting rooms for housekeeping.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4032—1 or 2 furnished or
unfurnished rooms to let; light housekeep-
lng; no children.
A^ABTJBraiTTJKOjrSXS^^^^
X^c^rdo^a^Cpa^tments
Will be finished March 15.
NORTHEAST CORNER SUTTER AND
LARKIN STS.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $30 to $45.
Make reservations now.
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments; 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc. ; unfurnished or furnished to
onler; new house. The St. Charles, 1560
Sacramento *t.. near Larkin.
THE LUNGER, 445 Octavta, cor. Hayes— Just
completed; sunny: modern 3-rm. apartments;
elegantly furnished: electric lights; private
baths- $40 up; refs. ; also doctor's offices.
ST. CnCILE. 115 Fell, above Van Nes*— The
acme ot perfection In elegantly furn. 3-rooru
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
erlc lights, elevator, gas ranges: $30 to $55.
St, Andre, 1230 Pine — New management, superb
aptmts-.strictly first-class ;steam heat: electric
llghts;prlv. ;'phone;elev. :1 to 4 rms. -.with prlv.
bath: turn, or unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR. prop.
ST. LOUIS, 1675 Jackson st.— Modern 3-1-5
rooms; also single; furnished or unfurnished:
marine view; references. Phone East 1350.
IROQUOIS Apartments, 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
worth; 2, S and 4 rms.; open for inspection.
" HADDON HALL. *
951 EDDY ST. * REFERENCES.
APARTMENTS ¦WANTED.
WANTED — A well furnished apartment of 5
rooms; must have all modern conveniences.
Box 2946. Call office.
A S-ROOM apartment wanted, furnished. Ad-
dress box 2992. Call office.
ROOM!* TO I.KT— Fnrn. and Vntnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folscm st*. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
•^modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house In
.this vlcldty; firs^-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rocms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ALL newly furnished, beautiful rooms at the
Waverly rooming house. 841 O'Farrell st.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINQS (The), 619 Post. nr. Taylor— Ju*t
opened; desirably located; sunny, single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and ccld
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 if desired.
EDDY, ©64 — A few nicely furnished sunny
rms.; reasonable: private (am.; tel. Hyde 4O4SI.
F.I.LIS. 611— Nicely furnished suite, suitable
for 4 gentlemen or 4 ladles; phone and bath.
FERN HALL. 812 Bush— Elejantly furn. rms. •
all sunny; terms reasonable; references.
FIRST. 317 — Large, front, eunny room for 2
men.
FOR slngla gentleman, in private home (no
other rocmer3). a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park . entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Addresa box 2C24. Call office.
FRANKLIN. 317 — Furnished front__room for 1
or 2 gents: modern: very reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. Golden Gate ave. — Sunny
furnished front room; ail conveniences. $8.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms ."»5c
to $1 25 night: $1 SO to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
GOUGH. 13C0 — Sunny front room to gentle-
man: also side room; rent reasonable,
HAWTHORNE. IS. off Howard St.. nr. Thlrd-^
Two large sunny rooms; yard, sink, stove,
pas", $12 t>er month.
HOWARD. 640 — Large sunny front room, sult-
• . able for two; respectable people wanted: $9
month. •
HYDE. 1408— Two large, unfurnished, sunny
rooms; use ot bath; $12.
LARCHMONT. 3(31 Sutter— Nicely furnished
sunny suite with private bath: also single.
MISSION. 837A— Furnished rooms by tbe day,
week of month: prices reasonable.
ROYAL House, 12C Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoklng-toora and ladies' par-
Icr; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50: week. $2
to $S; month, $S to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER. 406— A bay-window unfurnished
sunny suite for gentleme%: rent $25.
-SUTTER, 406^ — A * bay-window unfurnished
sunny suite for gentlemen. •
TAYLOR. 624. corner Sutter— Newly furnished
sunny front rooms; reasonable. » _ •
THE PIERRE, 579 O'Farrell — New. modern,
up-to-date rooms; central: $12 to $20.
UNITED STATE?. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms. 33c to*$l night, $1 75 to $6 week': elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator.read.-room: free bus: baggage.
VAN NES3 ave.. 510 — Elegant front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN WINKLE. 207 Jones — Nicely furnished
rooms. $2: ».unny suites. $5{per week: baths.
'WASHINGTON. 1402 — Large sunny front room
for 2. with or without board.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nearvMarket—
Most' convenient and respectable: "CO rooms:
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 weeff; elevator:
-elec tights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF"Hous*. 202 Sixth — Electric light In every
room; 15c to $1 a night; 75c to $5 a week;
open all night: convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recerved at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of. The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st-. opposite Fifth.
¦ Open until 11 cm.
1100313 A5I) MOAKU WAXTED.
WANTED— Board and rooms for husband and
-wife In a private family In the country.
- close -to city, on car line; small country
home preferred, where they have their own
: fruit orchard, chicken*, cows, etc.: state ac-
commodations and rates. Box 2939. Call.
WAN.TED — Two nicely furnished rooms, mod-
ern with good board. In a private family,
tor a man and wife. Address box 2993. Call.
REAL^ - EST,4TE — C£TV---j™R^J^A^E.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
• auction!
The following properties of tha estate Of
Lodwlg Altschul. deceaaed. will be offered
at our salesroom on Monday. March 14, 1004,
at 12 o'clock noon. Subject to confirmation by
'the Superior Court.
No. 1.
NW. ,cor. Townsend »t. and Clarence place,
bet. 2d and 3d sts., covered with frame build-
ings; large lot. S0xl25; suitable for warehouse
or manufacturing purposes. .
• . . No. 2. .
Lots 1 and 2. block 20. San Miguel. Rancho
Burv«jr.
No. 3.* .
NE. cor. of Hampshire St. and Serpentine
ave.; lot 77:10xM. Irregular.
No. 4.
Lots 640 to 649 Inc.: Gift Map No. 2.
¦ No. 6.
Lota J445 to 1480 of Gift Map No. 2.
No. 6.
Lots 1515 and 1516 of Gift Map No. 8.
¦ , . No. 7.
Lota 1551 to. 155S Inc. of Gift Map No. 3.
No. 8 T " -
ALAMEDA COUNTT.
SE. cor. Railroad ave,' and Bay it. Ala-
meda; lot 34:4Hx84:ll, Irregular.
8OLANO COUNTJ.
Lots 5-tt of the south subdivision of- the
Brourhton Ranch, adjoining the town of Va-
cavllle. " . x
No. 10. " - .
MAR IN COUNTY.
2 20-100 acres in tlock 217 of tide landi In
town of New Sausalito.
No. 11. •
2 20-100 acres in block '221 of tide landa In
town ot New Sausalito.
No. 12.
2 20-106 acres in block 247 of tide lands In
town of New Sausalito. ¦ '
No. 13.
2 20-100 acres In block 251 of tide lands In
town of New Sausalito.
. ' ¦ , No. 14.
2 20-100 acres In block 250 of tide lands In
town of New Sausalito.
OAKLAND BUSINESS PROPERTY. t
NE. cor, of 7th and Willow sts.: good im-
provements consist of 2-story frame build-
Ing containing 4 stores and 6 living rooms In
rear; up»er floor arranged and utilized for
lodge purposes; includes carpets and furni-
ture of lodgerooms; present rents $100 per mo.;
rf properly handled could be- made to yield
very readily $200 per mo.; lot 111.8%xlO4.
For catalogue and further particulars ap-
ply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO . '-*-*'
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
SPECK & CO.,
• 209 MONTGOMERY ST.
¦ • 209 MONTGOMERY ST.
« 209 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAI, ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT COL-
LECTORS.
$110,000— Rents $9600 annually: secured lease;
modern building; vicinity Taylor and
Bush; lot 53x137:6 feet; exceptionally
good Investment.
$47,500— Second-at. corner; m blocks from
Market st.: 122 feet frontage on two
etrects; greatest bargain downtown;
same corner on Third st. would easily
bring 570.000.
$12,600 CASH ONLY.
$37,500— Bank mortgage $25,000; Eddy it., nr.
Larkin; 68:9x137:0; rents $215;. posi-
tively must be sold
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$25,000 — Stores and apartments;. 40 feet front-
age; rents $180; pays over 7 per cent
net.
9 PER CENT BUSINESS PROPERTY^
$20,000—2 atom" and lodging-house; yearly
' rents $1SOO; lot 30x95; $10,000 bank
mortgage can remain; vicinity Hills and
Polk sts.
HAIGHT-ST. CORKER.
$18,000— Must be sold; finest building: first-
class tenants; rents $1SOO annually; lot
SO feet frontage.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$16,500— O'Farrell st.. east or Van Ness av».;
pays 10 per cent net by assuming $9000
bank mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x
120; 2 frontages: cheapest buy east of
Van Ness ave.
$13,500 — Modern flats near Flllmore and
Waller sts.; rents $122; lot 60 feet
frontage
BIG INTEREST-PAYING. FLATS.
$25,00O^Corner;Vestern Addition; rents $230;
lot 37:6x95; splendid new building.
$22,600— One- half block from Market st.:
i . rents $171; fine Improvements; lot 75x
100. . s •
$19,000— Annual rents $2185; Golden Gat«
ave.; modern bay-window flats; lot 50x
137:6. • .
$13,500— Rents $1440 yearly; 4 new flats, near
Park Panhandle; lot 37:6x112:6.
$10,000— Two beautiful Post-st. flats; close to
Gough; SO feet frontage; always rented;
yearly rents $900.
$9,250 — Rents $96 50; business property near
Sixth and Harrison sts.; lot has two
frontages,
$3,250— McAlllster-st. flats; rents $950
yearly; lot 25x137:6.
SPECK & CO..
208 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
511-512 Callaghan building.
Will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$S per month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 balance due. making installments
less than rent; send for circulars.
$!O,S5O — 3 SWELL flats, not yet completed, but
rented for $1200 per year; 7tb-ave.. boulevard.
Noe.760-2-4, near Fulton st. : 16 minutes from
City Hall; all-night cas service; every possi-
ble latest Improvement;' 25x120. Apply on
premises, from 1 to 4.
I WANT to buy .
2- vacant lots or
A house and lot N
in the Sunset District.
State location and price.
Box 2952, Call office.
REDUCED frtm $2500 to $1600 to make a
quick sale; cnttagc of 5 rooms and bath; on
Shotwell st.S can get a loan of $1400. D.
COFFIN & (?O.. 8303 Mission St.
BUILD on yokr unimproved realty; w*> loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
PLUMBING, new or old; estimates given.
AHLBACH fe MAYER. 830 Howard St.
A WEEK'S nt^ws for B cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pases. In for mailing. $1 per year.
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL E8TA.TB.
ON sunny side of Essex St.. one block from
Ashby station, between Adeline and Shattuck
ave.; house of 6 rooms; price reduced $250
for ten days; by owner only. C. R. SHAW,
156G Eleventh ave.: tel. Brook 13a Make
appointment by mall or telephone.
$725 — 3-ROOM cottage. 1 block from car line;
lot 30x100: easy terms; situated at 1009
Gray son St.. West Berkeley.
MORAN 4 SWAIN. 2131 Shattuck ave..
opp. Berkeley Station. . \
A. MURDOCK & CO.. South Berkeley station,
for bargains: we build, buy, sell or exchange.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
• OAIC&* D REAL ESTATE.
B (JLDEN'S BARGAINS.
$950— Lot "uxll'J; on Sherman St.. near Tele-
graph ave. 5 : • • , | ¦
$1500 — Choicest lot in town for the money:
terraced confer: on Filbert and Sixteenth sts.:
03:1x100; surrounded by magnificent hemes.
$1350 — Choice terraced building lot; 32x100;
on Myrtle st.. neae Fourteenth.
$1750 — Sightly, lot. 50x125 on Orange st.,
Vernon Heights; grand view. . ,
$1600 . eacb —Two extra choice lots. 50x120
each, on Adams et., in Adams Point property;
only 2 at this low figure.
, . $2750 — Lot 50x100; on Fourteenth st., near
MadJson. LaKesIde district.
$2000 — Lof 33:4x100; : corner Webster and
Twenty-second sts.; extra choice neighborhood
and very cerfral.
BFI.DEN, REAL ESTATE.
13-1(2 Broadway, Oakland.
$1000 CASH,'' $15 monthly — Cottage of 6 rooms,
bath, etc. a eood Darn and stable, chicken-
house, larte chicken range, flowers and im-
mense tree?.. In fine section, one "block from
cars; city? water, sewer, gas; away from
.-foes and told, winds -.sandy loam -soil; a
.lovely spot; adjoining East Oakland; size
100x200; all fenced: this Is a take-In at once:
property p»ice in all $2000. Call or send for
circular. -455 7th St.. opp. Broadway sta-
tion, Oakl.tnd : carriage free.
';• H. 7.. JONES. . Land Owner.
THIRTY-SEVENTH St.. near West; new house
6 large rocms; up to date; 2 blocks from
• bank and' "Key Route" - station; small de-
posit down; private loan; genuine bargain;
will sell carpets. -„
OWNER. P., O. box 162.
..... - Oakland. Cai.
IT WILL PAY FOR ITSELF.
$2W0 — Store, and flat- of 5 rooms upstairs, at
-Adeline station. Seventh St.. -near new West-
ern Pacific terminal: easy terms.'
.-¦•¦¦¦--¦¦T.T. RAYCN; owner. 424 Tenth rt.
OAKLAND FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for | bargains in ,- furnl-
r ture.i H. Schelhaas.llth sCcor-store. Oakland.
J-XATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and Cats to let: an Immense list;
¦erriee absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; tt *iU uv« you time asd
trouble. Cordes Furttftui* Co.. ':*;¦:« Gear)
*'... en the SQuare.
¦
ALL of the most desirable Cats and bouses are
listed In cur renting department; let us t*ve
you a ::»t en£ !:e!p you fluA tn* In tbe loca-
tion ycu went. STERLING F"L'RN1TURK
COlIPANT. 1O8S Market St.; services abso-
lutelj- free. t
FELL. CC1. between Buchanan and Webster-
New «unty flat, never occupied; % rooms and
bath; tvery modern Improvement.
SUNNY flat to let. Including stalls ft-r 3 or 4
henee. 614 Treat ave.. near 21st and foisom.
POLK. ccr! Filbert— Fine sunny flat:
•—.•en itrge rooms: marine view; reat, $33.
ETHINER. CC2-M4— Two beautiful, tunny flats.
; * rooms, rer.t reasonable.
$20— MODEItN flat. 5 rocms and bath; ro
«*>.*iarco fi?0 Lyor*. bet. Fulton and Grov«.
IXATS KOK lAUt IXK.MMIEU. j
JVRNXTuRE. Trtth cr without piano, la 3- i
room house; madera; Grary et.. close in; rent |
cn!y $40; besides flrjant llv!nr rooms can j
r<r.t for $20 ever rent; a snsp; from owner j
diroct at a sacrifice If taken this week. Bex
rjus. Call efflce.
NICELY furnished, tnodera 9-rooin fiat: eunny
ccmcr. ICC Van Ness ave.
FLATS WAXTED.
WANTEn^lETTV^cTo^nisT^ivltn^bath. b*- •
tT7ffn Taylor, Laguca. Turk and Geary str. : j
' will tov? If fumlsfaM; separate entrance. 1
Uo* -Cb*. «^tll office. |
itumtike: fou sale.
CHEAPEST tlace to buy furniture, stoves and
tuwhoij floods cf every description; Cats
bought, illesion Auction House. 429-439 Va-
iencia nt. ¦ -¦ ¦
FIUMTUHE WAXTED,
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHE?T psicee for furniture and raise. L. H.
BURD. aucttoneer.lSIS Mkt.; tel. Howard 2'M
ULLI 1 VAMEU— I-'UJULE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Phone Grant ISO
Hotel aad Farr.ily Departments.
2 mere fancy ircners. first-class country hotel
laundry, Southern California rate fare. $40
i2.. :.\l.. room, board and wash.
2 waltres£fS. city Uote! $2< «£>
• wuitreteeE. sprines *~»
10 waltrcsae*. city and country ?20->.'«»
Chambermaid?, city anJ country. -- .*1W-?:S
Laundress, assist waiting, country JUS
Chambermaid, assist waiting, no experi-
ence, century
Bell girl, city hotel $15
tCisfat ehair.i>ooer. Laths $55
Oo»4i. email family, country $30
Working housekeeper for 1 child $12
Cocks, housrjrir'.s. second plrls. nurses.
C. K. UAXSKH & CO <-*J Bu?h st.
COOK fcr clf-rrymen. no washing •*. .$."50
<"ook, 2 in family, no washing $35
Cook, dj wafhir.K. city $•£
4 rooks, German and American style.. $.'M-f.:i3
None g:rl. 2 <-h ( l<"ren. San Rafael *30 j
Ksnr, 1 child. Mare Inland tiO i
"'hanibfraaio. nome laundry, hotrl f23
waitr^tse*. city hotel $25-$27 r.O
General teller, dellr-atessen $25
Launury *i.rk, hospital $- f *
«*hBOTberKiaid and walling, country Ki
Cljsi'bermaM and waitress $20 j
Anil other i)io<"ef too many to advertise. Ap- I
;•>> :i. 3. F. <~KOSETT &- CO.. 334 Sutter s=t.
Oli'X for Fenerai hou6*-»ork; Email family; I
f2(» end fJT,.
fl'.r\ for h(iuwv,'ork; 4 !n fam'.ly; $1* Si.
Girl Jjr light housework; $15.
BCAKDIXAVIAX FKMALE -EMPLOY-
MENT BUREAU.
BOI Kearr.i *t.. room :«; Phone Elack 4«5S.
A — WANTED — Girls to le*rn hairdretsinc i
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to 2
ir. 2 we«-ks; S." to there entering now; S po- |
Fitior.s to fl'.l Immediately; positions guaran-
¦ fed at $lo per week up: leading school In
West 223 Geary Ft., room 1^
A — Girls to learn millinery m»' for spring eea-
*on: toth Ffas»rs tatifcht from start to flr.lsh
in 1 month for JIO: positUrfis as trimmers.
£«!<»4-Jadj«-». etc.. guar»ni«si at Jlo p»r «vk uj>:
day and t-vning class. 143 Sto-kton st.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn ati branches hainjretsln*
trade, rnan'.cunr.p. mastage, etc. 1^36 Mar-
ket ft., cor. Jcnes, rocrr. 94; positions secured
at hichert wages: day and eve. olar*: ra!L
WIRE stltofcers and pamphlet oov^r*>r*». also on j
ariirentice In book bindery of WALTER N. I
BBVNT. Ift! Secend yt.. ccr. Miw'.on; apply !
ear!}.
WANTED — ExperimcM. . ml Idle-aged saleslady
for rut ber poods. Applv euperlntendent's
offif-F. THE EMPORIUM.
VAXTHD — Experteswed ccrset saleslady; ap-
ply, stating experience, salary' desired, etc.
Address box 4524. Call office.
WANTED — Toung girl fcr second work: ware*
$2<>. Call txrt. U and 12, £597 Howard et.
AN- experienced maker aud apprentices wanted
in millinery Mere. O2 McAllisler Ft. .
EXPEKICXCEP it oner on ladi»e' and chil-
dren's ut-ar. Apply t50 -Mission M.. :)d floor.
GIIiL to learn ty;w>sf-ttir.g: $."5 sreeh at start;'
promotion. TilC Commercial Ft.
A ITE*T operator: steady work; good wages.
Apply S. N- WOOD & CO.. 27 G«>ary et.
WANTED — Woman to do light housework and
jlaln cooklnr. 72TB Union Ft.
WANTED — Housekeeper; m;<Jd!e-aged lady pre-
ferre-i: two in family ; washing put out ex-
cept email pieres; references. Box 1C71. Call
office. Oakland.
NEAT girl for Ben«r2l housework In flat: 3
•TuHf in fErr.il>. 143 Uuana Vista ave., 1>4
Mocks frcn. Height and BaKer sts.
WOMAN for cpneral housework: 3 in. family;
reTerer""* 1 *. K?i^2 Devlsaxirro St.
GIRL for part housework; must be pood cook:
no wathtng: from 10 to 2. 234fl Jones; (25.
GIRL fr,f r.'.afn cooklnr and assist In genera!
housework. 3*?3 Nineteenth st.
V."ANTKI>— Flrrt-r'ass waist and coat hands.
J. HAEK. 12C0 Geary st.
Arvnr.TIFEMrNTS, subscriptions received at
Cs.\: Branch office, cor. Duncan & Ctmrch sts.
A BRAN'CH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisement? and subscriptions has
trf^n cj.*ned at 100S Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Own until 11 p. m. t
HELP WAXTED JIA^J.
AT C. H. HANSr.N & CO. 'S..Phcne Grant 185.
REDUCED RATES. STATE OF NEVADA.
20 icamst*!?. 20 laborers $2
2« rockm^n. 20 drillers $2 20-$2 aO
4 camp natters $C;)-$05, found
b ;¦.-.- work Government work.
SHIP TO-NIGHT.
Gar.g of swampers for woods. $3O-$3S, found
10 scraper teamsters for ranch $25
Frcond co< k. nor h, caf t ftsS
Barkeeper $55, board
C. U. HANSEX & CO. . 429 Eush St.
BLACKSMITH, country. M day; farnvr and
wife. $i0 and found and increase; milkem.
?20. t-W and $3f> arid found; carpenter for
fciiw mill, see bo*s ber*; log deck man. ftO
end bean!: timber faller. *C3 and found:
cocks: bedmaker; young waiter for club, $45
ard ethers. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. «28
j?arr?.m>-r.to St.
A HOTEL Gazette. 26 Montgomery st.. r. 12 — >
Cierk and bookkeeper, $C0; waiter for helps'
ball. $25; eecend porter, $20; 0 colored wait-
ers. 125. V-'<
A^ t. £
/ Men io l»-arn. the barber trade In two months
* and secure good positions.; catalogue and fail
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 035 Cay st.
riKKT-CLAFS man to do shaping, band sawing
and turning: also man to run tenanter,
nicker and mortiscr for M?h and door work.
Apply CENTRAL PLANING MILLS. lOlii
cud San P«bk/ ave . Oakland.
UARUERS. take notice — The office of s«cre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 'J City Hall 6<j.. or 1504 Market st.
Jourr.eyrm n Barber*' Union. Local I4S. JOS.
K. KLEILY. Secretary.
WANTED — Good stock clerk*: experienced in
millinery fcurlnet*: muiat oorae well recom-
tnendc-d. Apply HOLM 4 NATHAN, M2
Market st. ¦
TRY our nun's s^"e*. urlon made, at $1 and
Jfl 50 pr fnlr. foct-form fhoes at $2 50 or
orthopedic *hr-es.$:i 50; best shoe* i-n earth. 11
Tlilrd »t., Kxan>. tiltlg.. 5 door» from Market.
WANTED — Compositors familiar with cata-
logue work. Apply SAN BORN.. VAIL &
CO.. 741 Msrket *t.
A MAX of Indomitable energy aad push, a good
talker, eaccr to make mener F. PERSON,
477 and 478 Tarrctt building.
MOXEY TO LOAX— CominnKd.
"~~ ~" WILL LOA>f~ ~ - -
A reasonable amount on
-* 1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real- estate or
Chattels. In city, town . '
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars.
of property or chattels.
. Location, etc. •
Box-408. Can office.
ANY amount quickly... on furniture or piano,
without reraoval or other security; no com.:
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. C8 Donohoebldg.. 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; -large business In
4G principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable - private place to obtain
.liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S40 Market; tel. Main 1C44. Branch, 19 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery at., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones .bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 j Sixth at.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO 310,000. ., ¦
NEW easy method— To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notiis; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security;. 8. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg. .'
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos: strict
privacy :no commission; installments accepted.
i BONELM. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, ."VIS Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com- V. TRtMAIN, room 61, 6 Eddy st
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
- Savings Bank building;. - 708 Market et. [
STAR Loan Co. • of Wyoming loans money to 1
salaried employee. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld. j
CASH loaned salaried people, on notee without
indorher. JgORELL. ffOO Examiner building.
BARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND PIANOS AS
. ; . .-¦ FOLLOWS:-
Two- Stelnway. one Chlckerlng,- one Sterling,
one Haines. Bros., two Steck, one Steinway
grand and one Steck grand; also many other
pianos from $75 up and square pianos from $10
up, all fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 18 O'Farrell st.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
$5O up; greatest bargains -ever offered In San
Francisco; all makes.' We rent upright
"pianos, for $2 per month; new at $3 per
month; all money paid applies on purchase
.Heine' Piano Co., 235-237 Geary et. Oakland
addrets 1252 Broadway.j
ONLY Diano' house In the city that wfll rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
<i months' rent and cartaee off purchase
price; sole agents for McPhall. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-OJRTAZ, SCO Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will b- sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1CJG Market at.
— : 4
SMALL pianos for small apartments: great
tone; rent or sale. Byron Mauiy,-308 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister St.
3-PEDAL,^-!»inway up. ;Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonl»yer. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
IP you want bargains come now; planes al-
most given away. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
A FISCHKR upright piano for. sale; good as
new; $1:15. 237 Geary- st. . , - -
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Poft st.
INFORMATION wanted of John Driver, or
Famuel Driver; John Driver is a cripple, age
about 50 years; Samuel Driver is some years
younger: information of their present resi-
dence will be rewarded. L. HARRIS. 1409
Wcbtter st.. San Francisco, Cal.
I ilEREBT give notice that I have disposed of
my 'nt'rest in the New Cosmopolitan Hotel,
In MnytlelU. Cal.. and will not be responsible
- for Buy -debts contracted by that concern
after this date and since November 15.
JOHN DEMARTINI.
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
ccntracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on .Installments cheaper than
others do for ccsh. LEON LEMOS, merchait
tailor. 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 11G Taylor.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stop* falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanseH scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substltue. Btar Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
A — Mlerotlne,. a positive cure for catarrh, cold
in the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample,
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO., 272 Oth.
THE .infallible system: the only copyrighted
successful method of keeping ahead of the
races; good forever; price $1. Sold only by
PITTS. 100S Market st.
Cancerous lump*, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove ¦ rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 70O Fifth gt.. Oakland.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases -positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write..
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, shows
the work that is the important Item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 7S1 O'Farrell.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples. wrinkles,
all blemishes removed; shampooing speciirlty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14.
AT 1/rs than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st> ; .
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Pun.:
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1556 Market, n't. Larkln.
GET your gents', ladies' and children's tuinlBh-
ingB at P. FE LIZ'S. 352 Third st. .'¦
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. <inc). tailors, 72l» Merket.
LIQUOR habit cured in two days or no charge
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. 097 Mark.-t sti
Actlna restores lost eyesight ;cures deafnesi and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia,
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 30C Sut-
ter. r. 6CJ. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 88..
MASQUERADE costume*, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN^ & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers, 1170 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pantaHfiTsbT
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Diipont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color, $1; at all druggists'.
FRENCH massage In exchange for English
lessons. Box 4519. Call office.
~. PALMJiTllY.
MADAM DEVA8. - '
PALMIST AND ASTHOLOGIST.' LIEBE3
BUILDING. 139 POST ST.
ELIVINE BERSCH — Best card reader: reacts
fortunes by the planet cards. 26S5 Mlsslcn
St., bet. 22d and 23d.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 501.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 Third: tel. Mali 41S.
PASTURAGE.
000 ACRES fine pasture: horses only: terms $3
per month. Inquire EUGENE RILEY. 100
Vallejo *t.. San Francisco. - .'
PHYSICIAKS AND. SURGEOX8. jj
DR. C. C, O'DONNELL— Office and resiaenc*.
1021% Market st.; bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
. 1st attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and • rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market St.
REMOVED— DR.' WOXG HIM. herd doctor.
treats all diseases : ; of the human body; for
. past tour yeers at 115-117 Mason; now • lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavemvorth. • •
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal.*' herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. . 727 Washington st.
DR. M." MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
ease* cured hv Chlnac* horha. 746-8 Clav st.
I ROOM* AXD CO ARD.
i HOTEL HATTOX
P77 Pine, near Taylor: elegantly furnished
suite*: private batha; all modern convan-
lences: excellent table. _^^_^__
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN* NESfi AVE.. NEAR GEABT 3T.
SELECT AND FIRST CLAS3. V,
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 704.
EARLCOURT.
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALT,
HOTEL: JUST OPENING: EVERTTHINO
j NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONC«-
ATHERTON (The). 1C61 Octavta. near Sutter-^
Large, sunny, airy snites and single rooms;
beautiful lawn; excellent board: reas. rates.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 419 Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table: from $W; single $23. .
VAN NESS are.. 17U — Elerantly furn!sb«4
suite?, wltn bat.ns; also single; homelike.
ROOMS let with board and comforts of a
home; reduction to students. 570 Harrison.
A BRANCH office for Call adv-rtisements and
subscriptions has been estat'tshed at 1009
Valencia »».
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22CO Fillmore.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladies! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particular!". '"Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mall. A.«k your druggist.
Chlcheater Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
LADIES, send your ad.lreas to 1128 Market St.*.
S. F.. valuable Information: room 2.
SEWING .MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
DOMESTIC — The machine for family us»;
best Is cheap***; second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
ehinea; slightly used: 510. $15. $20: second-
hand. $3. $5. $S: all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1031 Market it.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively our»d: new methods: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cctttngham. 2O4 Sutter St.
AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co. : fumltur*.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 7'J5-
731 Howard *t- nr. Third ; phone Grant 161.
PIKRCK-KODOLPH Storage A Moving; Co.. of-
, nee Pw. and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Fumtturs and merchan-
dise. .££1 Golden Gate ave.; Phone East VM.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. ,*40
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furnltur* Moving Com-
pany. • :2<> Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 2$1.
BKKIN3 Van ani Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st; tel. Matn 1S4(>. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERIXG A*P STAMMERIM-t.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cur*
In every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cum: bozn* car*.
JJTpkvvriteks a*s> *vm.iKX
AN exceptionally good Xo. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $i5; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 SO. Tb»
Typewriting Exchange. MC California st.
A FEW gocd typewriters at $:K> each: get par-
ticulars ot L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
, 2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 509 Market.
DIVIDKXD NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
Ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Ban*
building, 70S Market st, opposite Third —
For th* half, year ending 3lst of December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at ta«
rate per annum c; (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CUAIO. Secretary.
¦ DIVIDEND notice — The Giant PowderCompany
(Con.) — A dividend. No. «3. of fifty cents
450c) per «hare on the issued capital stock ci
the company has been declared, payable at
, the office of the company, rooms 202. 2l>4 and
2u»t. Hayward building. San Francisco, oa
March IO. 19O4. Transfer books close Marcn
8. 1904. at noon. C. C. QU1NN. Secretary
FBuros.uj.
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley— Notlc*
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men —
Notice ts hereby given that sealed bida tra
rollc!ted for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for gradiitg. leveling
and terracing certain portions of Cie grounds
of tbe Affiliated Colleges of the University
of California. fronting on Parnassus
avenue. 3an Francisco. Cal.. and said
bids will be received at the office of
the Regents. South Hall. Berkeley, at
or before 12 o'clock m. of March IS. 13O4.
Plars and specifications for said* grading
have been adopted and may be examined
dally at the office* ot N. BLAISDELL. room
IS. 222 Sanscme St., San Francisco, from
9 a. m. until 4 p. m.
Bids must be In tha form contained In tR»
specifications. No bids will ba considered
unless accompanied by a certified check or
bond of bidder. In favor of tha Re-
gents ef the University of California, equal
' to ten 1 10 1 per cent of his bid. with sufficient
sureties, conditioned that If said bid b« ac-
cepted the bidder will duly enter Into a
proper contract and bond to perform tha duty
and obligations in accordance with said Ud
and with the plans and specifications, which
are hereby required to he a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all bids
is hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON.
Acting Secretary.
' STEEL Tank, Tower and Pumping Plant.— Of-
' flee Depot Quartermaster. San Franctsca.
Cal . March 7.- 1904. — Sealed proposals la
triplicate will b- received 'at this qfftee until
12 o'clock M.. March 21. 1904, for tha com-
' plete construction of a steel tank, tower and
pumping plant at Fort Wllltam McKlnlay.
near Manila. P. I. The United Statea re-
serves the right to accept or reject any or ail
proposals or any part thereof. Specifications
and blank proposals furnished on application.
Plans for tank and tower may be e?en at
this office. Envelope containing proposals
should be marked "Proposal for Tank, *c."
and addressed to Major C. A. Davol. Quar-
*ermaster U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies— Offica
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco. Cal..
Marrh 0. 1904. — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharj
or wharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
'. clsco Cal.. as per circular to be seen at thts
i office will be received here nntll 11 o'clock
a re Saturday. March 21. 19O4. and opened
Immediately theerafter. In nresence of bid-,
ders. Specifications, general instructions to
bidders and Wank forms of proposals will be
fur-»«*>ed to e*tabllshed dealers on appllca-
. tlon to.C. R. KRAUTHOFF. Maj. Com'y.
5 MAKRIAGE LICENSES.
Tie following marriage license* w«re Issued
yesterday :
¦ Henry Wilshusen. 22. 137 Folsom street, and
Anntei Henderson. 20. 3047 Twenty-fourth.
lunfelph Hailing, XJ. 4 Central court, and
. Mary E. Patten. 27. 2 Central court.
I J. Walter Clements. 22, city, and L. Annto
Wll!iarn~Bell. 36. East Oakland, and Geor-
' glana Lewis, 20. East Oakland.
Joseph G. Hoocer. 22. Oakland, and Eleanor
; M. Jessie. IS. Oakland.
1 John W. Williams. 21. 312 Ninth street, and
Ida M Hunter. 1«. S20 Iowa street.
William A. Mahond. 23. 4<W Minna *tr««t.
' and Phoebe V. Smith. 17. 716 Brazil avenu*.
Albln Bergroth. 2». 14S West Mission street,
? and Mary Johnson. 2fl. 50 Cermanla avenue. -
. Fred L. Brush. 21 725 O'Farrelt street and
> LJllle N. Rock. IS. 17S9 Mission street.
Antone Balccca. 24. 614 Filbert street, and
. Angelina Gavelio. 13. city.
Birth, marriage acd death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of toe publication offices* and b*
" Indorsed with tbe name and residence of per-
" scrs authorized to have the same published.
: Notlcts restricted simply to the announcement
* of th« event* are published once la thu coluzaa
; free ot charge. .
! BORN.
' AITKEN— In Manila, P. I.. March 5. 1«H, to
the wife of Thomas D. AKken, a daughter.
I ATTELL— In this city. March 4. 1004, to tn»
wife of Meyer Attell. a daughter,
i McGRAW— In this city. March 3. 1904. to ta»
j ' wife of W. J. McGraw. a daughter.
MURPHY— In Oakland. March 7. 1804. to tbe
wife of Frank J. Murphy, a daughter.
r WELTE— In Baden. March 4, 1304. to th»
tklfe of A. W»lte. a son.
- WOOD— In Vallejo. March 5. 1004. to ths wlf«
I of Robert Wood, a daughter.
; ; ~~ MAIUUm
. MAISON— McCORMICK— In Salinas. March 9.
1904 by the Rev. Georae McCormlck, Leon
A Malson and Letltia McCormlck.
HORSES A>U WAGONS— Continued.
FOR SALE— Light delivery wagon, used very
little. Box 2932. Call office.
I WILL give pasture to two horses for the
use of one: light driving. Box 2345. Call.
WANTED — To buy a light business buggy;
must be In good condition. Box 2964. Call
AUCTION every Tuesday, 11 a. m.. of horses,
wagons and harness, at 1140 Folsom at.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale. .cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assert™ t 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey, harness, work, drivlnghcrses. 15th- Valencia.
HOI7SU9 TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for dr- .
cular. O. H. UMBSEN te CO.. 20 Montgomery
MCALLISTER. 12C9 — 12 rooms, bath and bil-
liard-room; $60; water free; modern.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN &. HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOISCS TO LET— -FIRMSHED.
A SPLENDID location; 19 rooms; nicely fur-
nUh^d: bargain. 1.155 Octavia st..cor.Sutter."
HOIJSKS FUR.MSHED — KOR SALE.
S&0; MUST «ell*to-4ay; parties going away;
S-roomed house; new furniture. 1009 Sut-
ler st - - . '¦ _ £/ ,.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — A passbook with . the Hlbernia Sav-
lugs and Loan Society of San Francisco. In
the nnme of ALBERT ECKMAN, No.
199-1545. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST — Tuesday evening, between Point Loboe
• and First aves. and Native Sons' Hall, gents'
, scarfpln, set with garnet and four small dla.
monds; $5 reward on return to 739 Market st-
WILL lady who found pocketbook with green-
backs In drugstore on- Market street Tues-
day afternoon please return to 3015 Caltfor-
nla at. and 'receive liberal reward ? •
LOST-^ON Grant ave. -O' Farrell, Tuesday
morning, 1:30 o'ejock. gold locket, diamond In
center, end sroltl chain; $20 reward; keepsake.
Return to o56 Third st. • ¦¦ v .
LOST— A brown Scotch collie; license *taj on
lej, No. 4S49; answers to name of vshep,"
Please return to 2120 Central ave.; liberal'
reward. - ' • '
LOST— A brown fur boa: liberal reward to
finder. Address C. W. HUNT. Pacific Mu-
tual building.
LOST— Sunday night: sable boa, with tails; in
or to an.-l from Suanlsh Church, on Broad-
way: reward. 1225 Jackson st.
LOST — Large Newfoundland dog; color, black;
answers to name of Rube. "Return to 1S32
Jackson st.; reward.
j^_ MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, 6Ure and quick relief
tram Irregularities consult me at once;- my
methods r.r« always safe, rainless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years'- experience In all
female olsorders; call or write without delay;
advice free: correspondence confidential.
. DR. WHITE. 702 Market tt,.jooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guarantwd ; 30 years' experience. 626 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
raale troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed.- 1008Vi Market st.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; bsst regulating pills
sold: price $2 00 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
cnlr on nvelpt of price, i OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS.* whoUsafA druggists, Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. . ' -
DR. G. W. O'DONXELL— All who are sick or
In tr.iuble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
r.ate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
A DESTITUTE women's friend; free secluded
hom» durlnr confinement: al9O housekeeping
rooms; infants adopted in good homey. /
MRS. DR. FUNKE 1-416 8th St.. Alamfda.
Drs. Goodwin. 7.13 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment $1<>: hours, 10 to 5; 2.1 years' exper.
MI'S. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MR?. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 112(3 Market st.
DR. ROSEN residns 2005 Folsom st.. corner
2Cth; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG. TOY KKE. 318 Powelf"st.. opposite
I'r.ion square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOJt SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 105-187 Fremont .st.
doep"yo"ur roof leak? '
Repair it with elaterlte: In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; rood over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for' new roofs
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 71.J Market st!
I 2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
; pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged;, see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT ypur old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Rocf Paint; guaranted
to stop all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 2C5 Front st. ; tel. Main 1428. v
i A— FINE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Origl-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St.,
: near Hi; mi; open to 0 p. in., Sunday to noon.
I A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st. near
Pine: open to up. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes . at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-fern; shoes at $2 50; we pay express ¦
•charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SVic ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN, 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. P. V. GAVIN. 803 Hay-
ward bldg. -
MILES of pipe and fittings: *11 sixes. EU-
GEKE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
FOR sale — Plumber's tools, grinding stone and
l-arh-rs' chairs. 0.V5 Hqward St.
$20 — LARGE French range; new water back.
801 Scott, cor. Fulton: tel. Sutter 112«.
A FINE diamond ring at a sacrifice. 10 Sixth
street.
Encyclopedia Britannica; Scribner edition; half
morocco. King's Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
FOR sale — Piano, music box, organ, buggy, har-
.ness and hay cutter. 422 Orange st.. Oakland.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market st.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO., 782 Mission; teL Bnsh 4C7.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sixes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 103 Vallejo st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheep. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Cblcagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1816
Market, ab. Van Nets. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
M»NN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
oar-gains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post at.
SAFES — New and second-band. E. B. BECK
& Co.. 122 Market St. . - ¦"
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sUes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. .ALEXANDERS CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Gasoline launch, 40 to CO feet long;
good, stronR sea boat for hard work; state
particulars and where boat can be seen. Ad-
dress box 4546. Call office.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 943 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1140 Msrket st; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 flth si.: tel. Jessie 2S51.
MOSEYTO LOAJ> -
AAA^— HERMAN MURPHY. ;.! :,-
601-C02-003 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided tn-
¦ terests In property purchased. ¦
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
. ,;.: When You Need Money .. . . .,
ft* HERMAN MDRPHY.
M. JACOBSON * C6., financial' brokers, Emma
Epreckels bldg.. rm. 621 ; loans and all other
financial matters negotiated: confidential.
HEM 1 W WTKTJ— M 4.I.R — O>ntl'nq»«t.
MURRAY A READY. CU-C3ti CUy St.
Phone Main 5S4S.
LeaJlnc Employment and Labor Agents.
In'lDOS we e»ve * During 1904 we hope
work to OU.tiO© men. to Increase 60.000.'
DO YOU SPEAK
Italian German Spanish
Green French Swlas
WE DO.
REDUCED RATES.
CHEAP FARES.
NEVADA. NEVADA.
TO NEVADA STATE.
S hours day. Government work. 8 hours day.
1*5 teamsters, ship to-night, $2 day.
10 laborers, ship to-night.
Itockmea. drillers. Irrigation ditch..
NEVADA STATE.
GOVERNMENT WORK. t
SHIP TO-NIGHT. '
TO ARIZONA.
SHIP TO-NIGHT.
Cioee to Prescotl. «10 miles. 50 10.
600 laborers, drillers, rocktnen. etc.
Preseott- Arizona. Ship Dally.
WOODCHOPPERS.
25 wood chop oers, different Jobs.
12 Gerrians or Austrtans to chop wood.
I 12 rr.en to chop wood, make poets, north.
I CARPENTERS. , M
\ 4 carpeijters, near city |22
J Carpenttr, city, plain Job V."*Y'*'i
Blacksrnlth. lumber, company.... $50 found
LOOK.
i Boy fcr store. $0 week: 25 tunnelmen; man
for pouftry and flsh market.. $12 to $14 week
2 . b0 ! S : . Pa i" Un .*\ ."^'."^t^'to •$ » week
3 boys, iearn different trades.. ?4 to $5 week
Gardener, flowers and vegetables *40
MINES.
GOLD. .'. . . .SILVER.
CX>AL COPPER.
56 single and doubt* hand mire **¦•••¦ ••>
$82 58 to $'«•
It machine miners, good mines -$»0
Carpenter for mine • — » 118
Drill sharpener' for mine; cement Hnlsher;
I rock breaker. $75: concentrator. $»0-
! MILKERS. ETC.
• One more milker. OreBon. rare ra!d..?.T5 fd.
K. milkers, different Jobs.. $30. $35. 540 fd.
Italian-Swiss milker, fare $3. ••;• •••*¦]•>":
FARMERS .. CHOREMEN .. LABORERS
MEN WIVES. • ¦
3 farmers and wives *40 $50 and $60 fd.
KOTEL DEPT.
9 cooks, different hotels, ranches, mines.
rtc $30 to $W>
fi waiter*, bell and elevator boys. $15 to $40 fd
Porters. Dishwashers. Roustabouts.
2 laur.drymen, extra good Job*.... $15 week
3 butchers, country Jobs.-. . .$30. $40. $*>0 fd.
3 takers. $10 and $12 week fd; 2 helpers.
f"O $25 fd.
MURRAY & READY.
C34-C36 Clay »t.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
.120 Montgomery St.. 026.
Phont Matn • 1191— Upstairs.
SPECIAL— SHIP TO-DAY.
20 carpenters: new work; long Job; cheap
fare. $-1 25 day. « -
6hlr> to-day — Very lcntr Job.
Call early — Ship to-day.
Nevsda, S hours: Government work; Irri-
gation ditch; cheap fare. ¦
Teametcre, laborers, rockmen. header ana
com«r n-.en: muckers. $2 to $2 50 day.
20 taen to burn cfcarcoa!; 5 years' Jcb; big
money can be made.
20 carnenters to-day; call early.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between aces of 21 and 15:
citizens of United Stateb. of good character
tnd temperate habits, who can speak, rmi
ar* write English. For information apply U
Recruiting Officer. Rialto building. New
Montgomery st.. San Francisco, or 1C23 Sec-
end Ft., facrairento
WANTED — Thoso who p*rved !n the U. S. Vol-
unteers in the war with Spain and the Philip-
pine rebellion to apply for two months' extra
pay which !s now due. For particulars, rail
or'addreta F. B. WILSON. 450 Parrott bld«..
San Francieco, Cal.; open from 6 a. m. to 3
p. m; . : . • • . ¦ - • •
GOVERNMENT positions — -Call at room 14.
fifth floor. 3C"i Larkln st.. for free information
ar to positions, salaries, cge limits, etc.: day
or evenings.
WANTED — Verr strong boy of about 20. L.
DEMARTINI SUPPLY CO.. 112 Front St.
1 WANTED — Errand boy for printing - office.
Apply JOHN PARTRILXJE. 30G California St.
GKRMAN; steady: reference; handy; tend bar.
wlnehouse; married preferred. Box 22SL. Call.
A STRONG l»r to work In coal yard. Box
4:O0. Tall office.
WANTED— Pl!o*n.akor. 1 02 tj* Taylor st.
ELEVATOR boy. 2a Stockton St.
BARHEUS— 3-chalr outfit for sale cheap. Call
720 California st.
WANTED — First-class silk and dress goods
talesman: one capable of taking charge of
stock and who Is willing to go to a city not
far from San Francisco. Apply between 9
and 11 a. ro.. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who is thoroughly ex-
perienced in laces and notions to go to
l-'s Ang'le» mutt l>e cmblt of lal.in?
charce of stock. Apply box 4534, Ca*l.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade In tbe moyt practical -school; po-
sitions found. WESTERN COLLEGE OF
BARBEKS. 647 Commercial at.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno Houee proprietor, has
added 100 new rocms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 200 rooms; 25c to 5Oc per night.
150 YOUNG men, 1« years of age, to organize
military onraniration. Cal! S. SZANIK. 473
Valencia st.. between C and 8 p> m.
1 __^ __ — — -^ _^____
i WANTED— A porter and bootbUck at Arena
Barber Shop; uniou shop. 1161 Jefferson st..
Oakland.
! BARKERS — Two or three chair shop wanted,
with living rooms. Address box 23. 100S
Market st.
WANTED — First-rlass solicitors for perma-
nent business: excellent opportunity; must
furnish references. Box 2.'UJ2.. Call.-
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St. ;-l»
Jttrs' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
TRY our Vnen's shoes, union ftiade, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 CO: we pay
express or main charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters.
irr»ei> bunds, for chips. DENT'S. 2tt Steuart.
WANTED — Clerk In drug stdre. Inquire 11
a. m.. NE. cor. Ellis and Mason sts.
BOY wanted. BOWEN & SON, 533 Mission st
BARBER — Want to buy 1 -chair country shop.
i:. Z1ORNKA. 777 McAllister st.
TOUN'G men. sailors and green' hands for
steamers. 517 Jackson st.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuitlor. In S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard et.
Pension Atty., E. A. BulHs, r. 40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — TOO rooms: 35c night; reading - rooms;
free 'bus and baggage^ to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. * opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan * Church sta.
ALL sixes men's, shoes, slightly damaged, hatf
price. SC3 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 5«V. S«a Mlrelon St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
• KELP WANTED— EALESME1T.
SALESMAN wanted to sell patent article,
alto State and county, with right to manu-
facture; principal feature an excellent ad-
vertising medium; big money fen a man of
renulne ability. Address P. O. box 114,
South Berkeley.
HORSES A XD WAGONS.,
REGULAR auction sales of horses, buggies,
wagons and harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at 61S Ellis st.; all horses guaranteed
to be as 'represented. S, WATKINS. Auc-
tioneer. Phone East 743.
AUCTION sate of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth sL; every horse must be
a» represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
BAY. horse. 10 hands; price $200; surrey,
?T5; n«»T butcher or grocery wagen. $125:
beach trap. 6 seater, $3.'jO- rubber tire top
road buggy. $7S. Box 4548, Call.
F6R «le — At Eclipse stable, 1375 Eddy St..
brood mare, weight 1250; 3 business horses;
two cheap carts.
ONE 4-ton platform, gear springs and wheels
; and axles; 20 business buggies: ' rubber tire
road buggies and surrey. 1504 Folsom et.
WANTED— A good, sound driving horse for
city use: state age and price aeked. Box
2304. Call office. . . .-¦'..
FOR BALE — Horse. 5 years old; sorrel; gentle
and thoroughly- ~broke to bugrgy. Box 291 T.
Call office. , .
FOR sale — 5-year-old mare; roadster; single,
double or saddle. ¦ 2056 McAllister at.- J
HORSE for sale 7 years old; good, true work-
er; 1200 lbs. Box 2329. Call office.Movements of Steamers.
SHIP GLORY OF THE SEAS.
WHICH WENT ASHORE
YESTERDAY.
TO, SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE — The high and low* waters occur at
the- city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than, at Fort Point; the height
of tide la the same at both places.
United States Coast and -Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
• Steamer. For. I SaUs.
Dolphin...;... Ekagway ft Way Ports. Mar. 10
Portland Valdez & Way Ports.. Mar. 10
Dora......... Dutch Harbor v. Valdez Mar 15
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 16
Santa Ana.... Valdez & Way Ports.: Mar. 16
Dlrlgo... ...... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 17
Ramona...... Skagway A Way Ports. Mar. IS
J. Dollar. .... Valdes & Seward Mar. 20
THURSDAY, MARCH 10.
ARRIVED.
i • Wednesday, March 9.-
Stmr Mlneola, Klrkwood,*92 hours fromTa-
C °Stmr Alcazar. Johnson, .14 hours from Green
wood, bound for San Pedro; put In to land
Stmr Greenwood, Jacobe, 17 hours from Fort
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 18 hours from
Stmr National City, Hammar, 41 hours from
Vtmr Bonlta, Glelow, 61 > hours from New-
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 75 hours from Coos
Bay ' ' i ¦ i
Bchr , Alpha, Flek, 6% . day* # from ¦: Coqullle
Schr I Advance, Ogidnessen, . 12 days from
Coqullle River. . ¦- _
Bchr Ivy, Jens«n, 7 days from Coos Bay.
' Schr John A.-Ol«en,~ 4 -days from Eureka. ,
Schr . Mary C, Campbell, . 8 hours . from Bo
dega. JSBSBB^S^^^S^OSXSSSSi
CLEARED.
Wednesday, March 0.
Whal : stmr Jeanette, Newth, whaling; Roth;
Blum & Co. ¦ • ' ¦¦ . .¦•••¦*
Stmr ; State of California. Thomas. • San Di
ego; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
' Br snli> Clseie, Fasten, Port Townsend; Geo
W McNear.'SSMdKMBBiii^HiBIHHBBRHNbHHi
Shipping Intelligence.
Point Plnos, California. (List of Beacons
and Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1903, page 17). V.
Notice is hereby given that Point Plno«
whistling buoy, painted red and. lettered "Pt.
P " in white, heretofore reported adrift, has
been replaced in Its former position. By order
of the Lighthouse Board.
Commander, - U. .8. N., Inspector Twelfth
Lighthouse District. - . 4 •
Notice to Mariners.
Elizabeth Collinn .-(owner) with Cox Bros
?contractor*), architect — 1 ~—.— A II work for a
two-Btory and basement frame building on N
line of Kldley street, 144:3 E of Devltadero
S 25 by 100; $4550. - '
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (con
tractor), architect tame— Gas fitting plumb
ing, all? services for same on same; $1200
• Anna E. Krafft (owner) with J c Cald
well <eontxactor and architect) — Carpenter
mill work, stair*.- elan and hardware for a
two-etory and basement frame . residence ¦ on
W line of Devlsadero street. 103:6 N of G'rern
X 3t by W .103:1%. Western Addition «"'•
$i!SS5. . '
Miss Anna Wheeler (owner) with O A
Creamer (contractor), architect William 'Koe
nig — All work, except plumbing and gas fit
ting, for a three-story frame building with
finished attic and basement (three flats) on
SB corner of McAllister and SteJner etreets
S 87:6 by E S3;' $11,600. >"«- eireets,
Same owner with M. Levy Company (con
tractors), architects same— Plumbing gas fit
ting, water pipes, tiling of sink, etc.,' for same
on same: $Iir..">.
.Same owner with William R. Snook,* Ron
(contractor?), architect same— Plumbing and
gas fitting for san^e on same; $1044
H. M. Hagemann (owner) with F. V Acker
(contractor), architects Rousseau & Son— All
work except plumbing. ga« fixtures, shades
nnd mantels for one three-story and one two
etory franae building on S line of Pine street
i!f. :5 W ,£, Polk - W 25 by S 120. Western Id-
Git«on;
John Marchl (owner) with C.W.. Duffle (con
tractor), architects KIdd & Anderson — All
work, except concrete, painting, plumbing, mar
ble work and electrical work for a three-story
and basement and attic frame building on N
y?'«it L nl °£ "iM^i* ]^ :C K of w *beter. E
34M^5 by >. 13<:6, Western Addition 262;
Lrzile Foley (owner) with B. Pagano (con
tractor), architect Charles Pair— All work for
on S r Tr^ tO 7n rr "!r e fcalWln « wlth ba«ement|
by S CO- MMo"* dwa}v47 E of Jones . E 23:6
Henry Westphal (owner) with Joseph Holl
(contractor and architect) - All work except
mantels, shades and gas flxtnres for a frame
N^n? h: Vl'£ °5 DlamOn<1 St " et - 10 <> * °<
Builders' Contracts.
The schooner Polaris is chartered ' for lumb«r
from Puget Sound to Manila; Norwegian ship
Theodor same business from this port and
Puget Sound to Delagoa Bay at 47s 6d. char
tered prior to arrival; British bark Sussex .(at
British Columbia), same business thence to
Cork. U. K., at 65s chartered In England prior
to arrival. v i ."" ' ' <
Matters of Interest to Mariners - and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British ship Englehorn. now out 181 day*
from Philadelphia' for Fausan. was quoted for
reinsurance yesterday, at 10 per cent. The
other overdues were quoted as follows: W. F.
Babcock. 18 per cent: Zwlgger, 85 per cent;
Claverdon, 15 Der cent. ,
The Overdue List.
The Norwegian bark Theodor, the 60 per
center which surprised the marine world on
Tuesday evening by sailing Into port, was built
In 186" at Glasgow and went into commlselon
as a cteamshlp. £ Since, her conversion into a
failing vessel she has borne three name* —
Magallanes, Cnlna and Theodor. which she now
bears She is a . t our-masted steel bark of
tons register, and in spite ot more than two
score yea*: of service Is still able to hold her
own against the anger of the elements.
Thcodor Forty-Two Years Old.
LONDON, March 9.— A special dis
patch from Paris announces that the
French steamer Camboge, '2356 tons,
which left Rangoon. February 17, for
Cochin-China and European ports, has
been wrecked in a storm off the coast
of . Cochin-China. The Camboge car
ried 100 passengers, mostly Annamese.
About fifty of them were drowned
NEW YORK, March 9. — The At
lantic transport steamer Menominee,
-which the Cunarder Campania report
ed as having passed March 7 display
ing signals, "Not under control," ar
rived to-day from London. She was
not disabled.
Coast of China.
Report From Paris* Announces the
Ixjss of Ship Gamboge Off the
STEAMER IS FOUNDERED
AND MANY ARE LOST
Most of the steam schooner owners yester
day decided that In preference to paying over
time wages on the scale demanded by the ma
rine neglneers they would lay up their vessel*
for the present. This means that within a
week or ten days three score of the coasting
craft will be out of commission. The engin
eers say they can afford to wait. They declare
that the laying up of the schooners was pro
grammed four months ago, and while the
engineers' claim 1» now- given as the reason
there *.s. as'a matter of fact, they say, no con
nection. The engineers ask , $1 an hour for
overtime work. They place the rate at a
high figure, they say, not because they want
thi mcffiey, but because they hope, by mak
ing It expensive to discourage the practice of
working at ' all hours now In vogue in the
steam schooner serrice. The steam schooner
owners claim that It Is only by keeping their
vessels constantly employed that they can
make them pay. The extra service required of
the engineers Is necessary, they say, but not
¦worth the rate of pay demanded, tach side is
firm and for the present the ocean highway
along the coast will be clear of steam schoon
ers w!iile more than a hundred marine en
gineers will either rest or seek employment
where overtime work Is not required, r.^c-
Steam Schooners Will Rest.
ma, for San Francisco; bark Ivanhoe, for .
Sailed March 0— Bark Albert, for San Fran
cisco; Br ehin Clan Buchanan, for .
Arrived March 0 — Stmr Sierra, hence Mar 3.
ELEELE — Arrived March 9 — Bark . W B
Flint, hence Feb 7.
EASTERN PORTS.
; -NEW YORK— Sailed March 8— Stmr Tu
catan. for Colon. .
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Mar
S— Ship Ersklno M Phelps, for Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.':"
'BRISBANE— Sailed March - B — Br itnr
Moana, for Vancouver.
/ ¦ ADELAIDE— Arrived March 8— Br ship
Sardomene, fj-om Port Blakeley.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 6— Br Btmr
Oanf a, from : Tacoma, and sailed March 8 for
London." t .> .
ACAPULCO— Railed March 7— Stmr Colon,
for San Francisco. March 8 — Stmr - City of
Panama. ¦ for Panama. March 4 — Br ship
Marlon Frazer, for Taltal.
:, YOKOHAMA— Sailed March 8— Stmr Indra
purn, from Hongkong, for Portland, I Ore.
: MAZATLAN— Arrived March 8— Schr »Sa
quola, ¦ hence Feb 10. ,
OCEAN STEAMERS. ¦;-;
' NEW YORK— March • 9— Stmr , Lombardl,
from Genoa. Naoles. Palermo, etc., for New
York, ." Dassed Nantueket lightship at 1-p m:
stmr,. Graf Waldersce, from ¦ Hamburg, . : Bou
logne - and Plymouth, for- New York, , passed
Nantueket llgbtuhlp at 6 p m.
Sailed March • 0— .Stmr OeorKic, for Liver
pool ; stmr Oceanic, for, Liverpool; stmr Rhein,
for Brt men. . --,'.-
Arrived March 9 — Stmr * Koenigenlulse, from
Genoa. ; Naples and Gibraltar.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 9— Stmr Ul
tonla. Irom Boston. - - 5 : «Sawt2SS l >S9Sr B <5P r
f Sailed March 9— Stmr Devonian, ¦ for Boston;
stmr Cedrlc, for ' New York; 8tmr Frlesland,
for Philadelphia. . ¦
' GLASGOW— Arrived March 9— 6tmr Fur
nossia, ¦ from <New'York.' ••
¦ SOUTHAM PTON— Sailed March 9 — Stmr
Kronprlnz Wllhelm, from Bremen, for - New
York. -¦ • • ¦• ¦• ¦- '¦;.¦ .-.-- .. ,¦„--¦.•¦: ...-.¦
¦PLYMOUTH— Arrived March 0— Stmr Pa
tricia, - from- New York, -for Hamburg, and
proceeded. •
. Bchr H C Wrljht. Nlelson. Mahukona; Cbas
Nelson & Co.
Schr Eva, Medmon. Bristol Bay, via Taco
ma; Alaska Salmon Company.
SAILED.
Wednesday, March 9.
Btmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar, Johnson. San Pedro.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen. Seattle and Wnatcom.
Br ship Castle Rock. Jones, Port Townsend.
1 Stmr Scotia, Johnson, Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
TOINT LOEOS, March 0. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind southeast; velocity 24 miles per
hour. .
SPOKEN.
March 4— Per ship Glory of the Seas. 41 23
north. Ion 126 53 west, schr Argus, from, fcan
Pedro for Blaine.
March 9— Per tue Relief, outside the Heads,
Br EChr Casco. with 280 sealskins.
March i — Per schr Ivy, lat 40 80 north. Ion
126 30 west, Br schr Charlotte Cook, with 190
sealskins.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 9— Stmr Port
land, from Ladysmlth.
Sailed March 0— Stmr City Of Puebla. for
San Francisco; Ja.P stmr Iyo Maru, for Hong
kong; stmr HyadeBi for China and Japan.
Sailed March 8 — Stmr Valencia, for San
FranclFco: stmr Humboldt, for Skagway.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 9— Schr
Alvena, from San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed" In March 9— Stmr Mon
tara, bence March 6 for Tacoma.
Passed in March 0 — Nor stmr Hero, hence
March 5 for Lady-smith; stmr Melville Dollar,
hence March 6 for Seattle; Nor stmr Titanla,
hence March 6 for Nanalmo. - -
• Passed out March 8 — Schr Ludlow, for San
Pedro. .'-
ASTORIA— Sailed March 0— Schr Andy Ma
honey, for San Francisco,.
. SOUTH BEXD— Sailfd March 9— Schr Wa
wona, for San Pedro; etmr Sequoia, for 8an
Francisco.
PORT .LUDLOW — Arrived March 0— Br ship
Clan Robert«on, from Tacoma.
EUREKA — Arrived March 9 — Stmr Spokane,
hence Mardh-8.
GRAYS' HARBOR— Sailed March 9— Schr
Nokomis, for fan Francisco; schr H D Bendlx
sen. for San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed March 0—
Stmr Santa ¦ Barbara, for San Diego; ¦¦ Dutch
ship Nederland, for Port Townsend; schr Ori
ent, for San Franclaco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived March 9 — Schr Annie
M Campbell, from Blaine.
Sailed March «— Schr Resolute-, for Grays
Harbor; bktn Arago, for Grays Harbor; senr
Wm Nottingham for Port Townsend; stmr
Santa' Monica, for San Francisco: etmr Cen
tralla. ¦ for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed March 9— Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed March 9— Ger bark
Blrma, for Port Townsend; schr Lottie Car
son, for Eureka.
ISLAND PORTS.
. HONOLULU— Sailed March 8— Stmr Sono-
The Glory of the Seas Is too ancient
a structure to do much overland travel
ing. She was built .'thirty-five years
ago, and although well rreserved and
maintained In good condition her oft
calked hull will not withstand many
beachings. No vessel is better known
and. for her age, more highly consid
ered than the Glory of the Seas, and It
was with grave concern that old-timers
heard yesterday that the ship with the
good, old-fashioned name was ashore in
the harbor.
The ship Glory of the Seas, Captain
Pending, which arrived from Lady
emith late Tuesday night, was an
chored too close to the beach off Black
Point, and the ebbing tide left her hard
and fast on the beach. Signals of dis
tress were hoisted at daylight, and the
tug Se^ Rover was dispatched to the
Glory's assistance. Powerful as the
Rover is, the land had a grip on the
ship that all the towboat's tugging
could not loosen, and until high tide
late yesterday afternoon the Glory of
the Seas was a fixture. She was floated
off apparently little worse for her mis
adventure, but will be drydocked for
further inspection after discharging the
31S5 tons of coal with which she is
loaded.
Famous Old Ship Comes in From Ocean With Big Cargo of Xoal and Is
Anchored so That Ebbing Tide Leaves Her Stranded Under the Shadow
of Fort Mason, Where She Spends the Day— Towed Off Without Injury
The Alaska Packers' Association
yesterday adjusted its differences with
the Alaska Fishermen's Union and a
Bcale of prices has been agreed upon
for the coming season. The settle
ment *of the matter will have a far
reaching effect, as the unions of As
toria. Seattle and Tacoma have prac
tically agreed to abide by the decision
of the San Francisco organization.
Last season the San Francisco
packers of Alaska salmon paid 2\i
cents per flsh to Bristol. Bay fisher
men, allowed them $50 for the trip
north and return and limited each
boat to 1000 flsh daily. This year the
union demanded 3 cents per flsh, an
allowance of $70 fdr the trip and an
increase in the limit to 1200. For a
time the contending interests seemed
to be hopelessly apart, but a com
promise was finally effected yester
day.
Under the terms of the settlement
the fishermen will receive 2^ cents
per fish, $50 allowance money and will
be limited to 1100 flsh daily. The In
crease Is only in the limit, which is
made 100 flsh greater.
The Astoria, Seattle and Tacoma
companies owning canneries Jn the far
north last year were required to give
the men a 1200-flsh limit, but other
wise the agreement was identical with
that entered into locally. Advices re
ceived last night from Astoria con
veyed the information that the pack
ers there were pleased with the an
nouncement of the compromise and
expressed the hope that the same
prices would apply to their canneries.
The settlement is of importance, for
the 'reason that a strike would have
seriously interfered with the Alaska
salmon packing industry at a time
when market conditions are making
gratifying improvements.
DECIDES TO ESTABLISH
. STATION AT HONOLULU
WASHINGTON, March 9. — The con
tested- appointment of General Leon
ard Wood to be major general of the
army was taken up to-day in executive
session of the Senate and after listen
ing to a brief prepared by the late
Senator Hanna, summing up the testi
mony which had been Tglven in the
hearings before, the Committee on
Military Affairs and several affidavits
obtained since the hearing closed, the
Senate adjourned. Senator Foraker
announced that he would move to take
up the case at every possible oppor
tunity. '
Under such heads as the case of E.
G. Rathbone, the veracity of General
Wood, .the Runcie article criticizing
the administration of General Brooke
as Military Governor of Cuba, the con
cession of the Jal. Alal Company to
conduct a gambling establishment.
General Wood's intimacy with and de
fense /of the convict Belaires, General
Brooke's charge that General Wood
was insubordinate, General Wood's
Santiago accounts and the Castenda
case, the brief discussed, the evidence
brought out at the investigation before
the Senate Committee on Military Af
fairs, which is summed up in the open-
Ing paragraph of his argument as fol
lows:-
"The testimony given before the com
mittee has developed point* to which
no answer is attempted /by General
Wood In the various communications
submitted by him prior to his depar
ture for the Philippines, nor can these
communications be accepted as a refu
tation of testimony given by witnesses
under the solemnity of an oath. To
accept them as a controversion of
sworn testimony would brand those
giving such testimony as unworthy of
credence. Among those who would be
thus branded are men In the military
and naval service of the United States.
It is impossible to accept the mere
statement of General Wood, made prior
to . his departure for the Philippines,
and covering only a part of the matter
at issue, in preference to this sworn
evidence. Some of the testimony given
by these witnesses has cast serious re
flection upon the veracity of General
Wood, and It .would appear that neither
he nor the Senate, which Is asked to
confirm his appointment, should rest
content until he has been given oppor
tunity to disprove, specifically and un
der oath, the damaging statements
made on oath concerning his conduct."
BALFOUR VOTES
ARE REDUCED
* JO AKRIVE.
Steamer. * * From. I Due.,
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor Mar. 10
Lakme San Pedro Mar. 10
Tellus -. Oyster Harbor Mar. 10
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 10
Chehalis San Pedro ..; Mar. 10
laqua San Pedro -• Mar. 10
Missouri..... Hakodate-...: Mar. 10
Point Arena.. Mendoclno &• Pt. Arena Mar., 10
Santa Rosa. . • San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 10
Marlpoaa . Tahiti Mar. 10
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Afitoria Mar. 10
G. Llndauer.. Portland & Astoria Mar. 11
Centralla San Pedro-. Mar. 11
San Juan | New York via Panama. Mar. 11
North Fork. . . Humboldt Mar. 11
Siberia China & Japan % . Mar. 11
Valencia Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 11
Wyefield Vanalmo Mar. 12
S.Monica.... San Pedro Mar. 12
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 12
City Puejala.. Puget Sound Ports Mar. 12
Alaskan....' •• New York Mar. 12
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 12
Spokane Humboldt Mar. 12
S.Barbara... San Pedro Mar. 12
Sequoia Willapa Harbor Mar. 12
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Mar. 13
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Mar. 13
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul.. Mar. 13
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Mar. 14
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 14
Coronado Grays Harbor Mar. 14
Pomo. Point Arena & Albion.. Mar. 15
Oregon Portland & Astoria Mar. 15
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 15
Redondo Portland & Astoria Mar. 13
Colon New York via Panama. Mar. 16
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports.... Mar. 17
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. 17
Jeanle Seattle &' Tacoma Mar. IS
Anubls Seattle' | Mar: 20
Rainier 8eattle- & Whatcom. . . Mar 21
Secretary Wilson Arranges to Furnish
Hawaiian Islands With Climate
and Crop Service.
Similar stations have recently been
established by the Government in Porto
Rico and In the Philippines.
Forecaster McAdle has received word
from W. L. Moore, chief of the Weather
Bureau, that Secretary of Agriculture
Wilson has decided to establish a me
teorological observatory at Honolulu.
Robert M. Hardlnge, who has been sec
tion director of Arizona, with head
quarters at Santa Fe, will be placed In
charge of the new station. His work in
Honolulu will commence about the mid
dle of May.
A climate and crop service like that
maintained In this State will be fur
nished to every Important district in
the Hawaiian Islands. It is expected
that the agricultural interests of the
Territory will be greatly benefited by
the innovation. McAdle states that he
will receive a daily report'of the condi
tions of the weather in the islands. Ha
is of the opinion that the new station
will be too far away to furnish much
data in regard to the approach of
storms, but the dally reports are ex
pected to give Interesting information
nevertheless.
Archbishop Macpray Is Dead.
ST. PAUL. Minn.. March 9. — A spe
cial to the Pioneer Press from Winni
peg says Archbishop Macpray of Ru
pertsland, Episcopalian Primate of all
Canada, died to-night, aged 73 years.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
March 10. ~
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor .... 8 pm Pier 2
Chlco. . . . . . Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct.. 5 pm Pier 8
Elizabeth... Coqullle Hlver 5 pm Pier 20
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal Ran Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Empire • Coos Bay. direct.. 12 m Pier 13
' March 11. .
Centralla... Grays Harbor ..."1 4 pm Pier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Senator Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
March 12.
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena. . Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Boniut Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Alameda. .. Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Peru N. Y. via Panama, 12 ro Pier 40
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla 4 pm Pier 2
laqua...... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
W. Kruger. Seattle & Everett. 6 pm Pier 2
I March 13.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
March 14.
Spokane.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier IS
North Fork . Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor...... 2 pm Pier —
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coronado... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
March 15. ~
Alliance Eurfcka & Coos B Pier 16
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 20
March 16. <¦¦ • ¦
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
March 18.
Mariposa.. Tahiti" direct 11 am Pier 7
| Nevadan... Hono. St Kahulul. 11 am Pier 7
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
March 19.
Ran Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPler 40
Newburg... Grays' Harbor | A pmjpier 10
LONDON, March 9.— During to
night's session of the House of Com
mons Duncan V. Pirie, Liberal, after
calling attention to the public utter
ances of Chancellor of the Exchequer
Austen Chamberlain and other mem
bers of the Government on the fiscal
question, moved "that this House, not
ing the continued agitation in favor
of protective or preferential tariffs,
which is encouraged by the language
used by certain of his Majesty's Min
isters, deem it necessary to express its
condemnation of any such policy."
PIrie's motion was rejected by 289
votes to 243, and loud opposition cheers
greeted the reduction In the Govern
ment majority. A number of free food
Unionists supported Pirie and some
protectionists abstained from voting.
As an offset to the motion of Pirie.
Premier Balfour put up a Conserva
tive member of the House, John Lloyd
Wharton," to move an amendment
"approving the Ministerial declara
tions of the fiscal policy, as including
neither a general system of protection
nor preference based on the taxation
of foods."
Chamberlainites to the number of
100 held a hurried and informal meet
ing this -evening and a result they
intimated to the Government that un
less the Wharton amendment be with
drawn they would abstain from voting
on the Pirie motion.
As this would almost certainly have
led to the defeat of the Government,
Wharton's" amendment was^ with
drawn.
The incident proves that Premier
Balfour can hold office only by con
sent of the pronounced protectionists.
Sun rises fl : 20
'Sun sets ..6:12
Moon rises. ._. .2 :11 a. m.
O iTtme iTime Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
¦b, |H W , ¦ |L W H W L W
10 6:12 5.0 1:10 0.6 8:17| 4.2 .*.
11 1:06 3.1 7:13 5.0 2:0.1-0.6 9:07 44
12 2:05 3.0 8:13 5.0 2:47 0.3.9:60 4.6
13 2:55 2.8 9:0.1 5.0 3:32 0.4 10:28 4.7
14 3:38 2.5 9:50 5.0 4:06 0.5lll:C0 4 9
15 4:17 2.2 10:30 , 6.0 4:38 0.6111:27 .5.0
16 I 4:52 2.0111:09 ¦ 4.9 6:11 - 0.8)11:51 B.O
¦ NOTE — In the . above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tho
fourth time column give* the last tide of the.
day' except when; there are but three tldeg as
sometimes occurs. ¦ The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of. the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height.': and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. *
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc • Office. U. S. N.. Mer
- - 'chants' Exchange, „ San Francisco, Cal ,
. >¦-« March 9. 1904.
- The Time Ball on -_ the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
I.e.. at-noon of .the 120th meridian,- or at*8
p. m., Greenwich time. : J.;c. BURNETT. * •
. . •• Lieutenant. -II. R.vN., In charge.
XG corner of Elizabeth and Guerrero streets.
N 103 by E 100; $10.
* Josephine Manders (w!f« of William). Al!c«
Wilson iwife of August) and Theresa G.
Eicholzer to Frank J. ' and Camella Mosa
tElchholzer). lot on X line of Valley street.
150 W of Dolores. \V 25 by N 114; $10.
Annie Everson to Benjamin Healey, lot oa
E line of Montgomery street. 48 S of Filbert,
S 24 by E 87:6; $10.
Robert C. Bolton to D. E. MelUss (trust**
estate of Francis P. B. Mel lias, deceased),
undivided one- third Interest in lot on K Una
of Merchant street. 137:5 W of Montgomery.
W 31:8 by N 62:6: $10.
' Elizabeth A. Heydenfeldt and Sunshlno O.
Love (Heydenfeldt) to Elfin O. Heydenfeldt,
lot on N line- of Pacific streat. 101:6 W of
Dupont, W 36. N 137:6. E 06 8 73. W
20. S 65:6; $10.
Robert C. Bolton to D. Ernest Melliu (trus
tee of estate of Francis P. B. Melltsst. undi
vided one-third interest of lot on SE eornar
of Leavenworth and North Point streets. 9
137:6. E 137:6. N 21:7*4. NW 150:9?,. W
41; $10.
Thomas M. Matthews, Sarah M. Hardy and
Katherine M. McClellan to Louia Freidlander
and F. K. Houston, lot on S line of Turk street.
162:3S E of Larkin, E 66:8«i. S 137:6, W
67:5Ti. N 137 :«; $10.
. Louis and Jennie Fr«idlander, F. K and
Mary F. Houston to Frank A. Meysr and Mich
ael H. Dlenan, same: $10.
Charts H. Coggln to Clara A. Ceggin. lot
on NE Une of Morris avenue. 232:6 SE of Bry
ant street. SE 21:6 by NE 75; also lot on E lint
of Fourth avenue. 100 S of Clement str«et. 3
25 by E 120; also lot on W line of Second ave
nue. 40 S of Lake street. S 30 by W 82:6;
$1000.
Matilda Moulthrop (wife of C. W.) to Henry
C. and Jane E. Johnston, lot on W line of
San Bruno avenue. 150 S of Marlposa street. S
26 by W 100; $10.
John R. Jr. and Lillian, T. Cory ell to Joseph
B. Coryell. lot on N Una Of Seventeenth street.
: 35 W of Wisconsin. W 80 by N 1OO; $10.
C. II. Consdon to Annie L. Osborn. lot on
W line of Sixteenth avenue. 228:11 N of Cle
ment <«treet. N 50 by W 120; also lot on E
line 6f Thirtieth avenue. 200 S of U street.
S 125 by E 120; $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walters and George A.
Turner to Valentine and Susanna Morand, re
record 200S D. 217. lot on NE line of Cliff ave
nue.' 55.09 NW of Thirty-eighth. NW 23.00.
N 105.34. E 25. S 106.8O; $1O.
Same to Belle Glaser (wife of Edward F.).
lot on SW corner of Thirty- eighth avenue and
Clement street. S 55 by W 120; 510.
City Realty Company to Nicholas Chouvaldjv.
lot on E line of Fourth avenue. 110 N of I
street. N 52 by E 120; $10.
Eugene M. and Sarah Mayer to Herman F.
Ptrecker. lot en N line of L street. 32:6 E of
Tenth avenue. K 25 by N ICO: $1O.
Mary Cohn to Stephen A. Byrne. lot. on W
line, of Twelfth avenue, 25 S of K street, E 25
by W 120: $10.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Sarah A. Hayes, lot on SE corner of Ninth
avenue and N street. E 3»:6 by S 10O; $tO., \
Ernent S. and Helene Barkhard to Dennis*
and Marcella Hayes, lot on E e»>rner of China '
avenue and Edlnburg street. NK 10«> by SE
25. block 4S. Excelsior Homestead; $ln.
J»mes and Jennie Assalino to Nicolug D.
and Annette Cumfermann. lot on SE line t»f
San Jose avenue, 70 NE of Genera. SE IG,
NE 34:8»4. NW 157:6. SW 35. lot 4. block SO.
West End Map 1: $10.
' Henry J. and Marta H. J. Ohlsen to Oscar
H. Schumacher, lot on N line of Rlchland
avenue. 175 W of South avenue. W 25. N 1»K>.
E 28:«. S Sfi. lot 42. block 4. Holly Park: $10.
Ft. M. and Emma P. Watson to Herman
Pauter. lots 33 and 35. block P. Park Lano
Tract 5: $10.
Herman and Carrie V. Sauter to K. 31. Wat
son, lots 29 and 31, block P Park Lane Tract
5; ?10.
S. Ducas (corporation) to Katie W. Steward,
lot on N line? of Eighth avenue, 1"JT» E of L
street. E 40 br N 10O. block 141. Central Park
Homestead: K262.
W. B. and Marie A. Waldron to S. Duc««*
Company, subdivisions 91. 02. UU and 132
Haley's. Map 1 P. V.. 319 to 333: $10.
- Mary Myers to Mary A. Lee. lot on S line of
Ney street. 150 V.* of Cenjrd«>n. VT Zn by S lit),
lot 9. block $. College Homestead; $10.
Ten-elevenths of the world's people
are north. of the equator, . _ _. •
The number'of cattle in Argentin* is
estimated at 25,000,000.
REAJJ ESTATE TRANSACTTIONS.
¦WEDNESDAY, MARCH 9.
Joseph P. Jackson to Mary V. Malone, lot on
N line of Austin street. 115:5 W of Polk. W 25
by N 120; quitclaim deed, $5.
Marguerite Sabatle to Edward H. Kittredge.
lot on N line of Washington street, 102:6 \V
of Gough. W 35 by N 127:8*4. and right
granted In land adjacent, Jn 1209 D. 206; $10.
James I* Crlttenden to Elizabeth A. Heyden
feldt. lot on NW corner of Geary^and Webater
streets, W 28:9 by N 115, also "lot on N line of
Pacific street. 101:6 W of Dupont, W CO, N
137:6. E 56, W 20, S 65:6; $10.
Elizabeth A. Heydenfeldt and Sunshine O.
Love (Heydenfeldt) to Elfin »O. Heydenfeldt.
lot on NW corner of Geary and Webster streets,
W 28:9 by N 115; $10.
Estate of Emma G. Johnson (by Maud E.
and Augusta J. Johnson, executors) to J. P.
Roche lot on N line of Fell street. 192:6 W of
Stelner. W 27:6 by N 137:6; $2900. ,
. Mathlas ahd Jeanette Meyer to Robert Park,
lot on N ' ¦ Une of Vallejo street. 100 W ot
Broderick. W 90 by N 137:6; flO.
Adolpb, Manuela R. de Simon and Lillian
Bley to James W. Keyston. lot on E Hn« of
Masonic avenue, 150 S of Halght street, S 25
by E 125; $t0.
Georsre Stlerlen Company to Bernard Bette.
lot on W. line of Masonic avenue. ,19U:9 N of
Frederick street. N 25 by W 106:3; $S550.
Batrd Estate to Thomas Hancock, lot on S
line of Hatght street. 175 E of Ashbury, E So
by S 137:6; $10.
Amelia Dorland and Lenore A Souc to Kate
S Dorland, lot on W Un« of Dolores street.
98:8 S of Seventeenth, S 50 by W 125: quit
claim deed, $1. /
. William H.. Grace M.. Samuel M..^ Winiam
IT. Jr.. and George S. Crom and ' (atr trustees.
Estate of Samuel Crlm) to same, same; quit
claim deed. $5.
Kate S. Dorland to Jacob W. Jorgensen and
John H. and Henry C. Lytgens. same; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to
Joeeph A. Lanthler. lot on SE corner of
Liberty and Church streets S 26:6 by E
105; $1500.
Alliance Building and Loan Association
to Emll Pf ankuchen. lot on E line of ' Castro
street, 87:6 S of Hill. S 21:4 by E 80; $10.
Bessie B. Boxley to Julius H. Berghauser.
lot on B line of Castro street. 165 J« of
Twentieth. N.6O by E 125; $H». ,
Isaac (alias Isaac L.) and Henrietta • Salo
mon to Lily S. Longmare. lot on" E line of
Howard street. 361:6 S of Twenty- fifth s
2S:6 by E 115; $10.:
S;»rah E. Lucas (wife of John P.> to James
and ¦ Jane Spencer, lot ¦ on N line of Twenty
sixth'street. 1SO:6 W of San Jose avenue W
22 by N 100; $10. . ¦ "
Catherine Joacs to John P. • Leonard, lot oa
Differences With Alaska
Packers' Association Are
Settled With Little Change
Senate Meets in- Executive
Session and Takes Up Con
tested Appointment Matter
WOOD'S DENIAL
NOT SUFFICIENT
SLIGHT GAIN
TO FISHERMEN
GLORY OF THE SEAS GOES ASHORE
ON THE BEACH NEAR BLACK POINT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALUy • THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1904,
14
F. J.' Monahan, Manager. TeL Mission SI.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FCNEKAL DIRECTORS AA'D EMUALMKKS.
££9-£441 Mission St.. near Nineteenth.
fan Fr&aclico.
DIED.
Abraham. Gibriel Gillespie. George A.
Hc-ckmann, Herbert Oodoy, Juana
Bennett. Catherine Gray. Dr. \\ m. O.
P.idleroan. Adelaide Henon. *."harles S.
Cameron. KMzabeth Henrici.' Wm. J. E.
Campbell. Harry N. Hereford. Flora. J-
< unaru. Grace Clara Jacob*. Pierre
«Vsta, Pfdro Markey. Owen
Oixon. George W. oafces, Mr«. M. L.
Doherty. Timothy Uig-ney, BriCMt
Duhrlnis. Mrs. Uorls Kocks, Fred •
Dowd, Juhn Hyan, Kate M.
loirfy Jam** Jo*. Jtysn. Mary Kllen
Duncan Annie Schuman, Mell.*«a
J''rniH<ni BUvio Taylor, Ame'.la
FrettrmuthY Annie Waite, William H.
Frleske. Julius E. K. Watkln, Marie
AliIi\H\M— In tfcte city. March 8. 1904. Ga-
brlel bTToveJ husband of ,Mary Abraham.
nrid btk'VtJ rather cf Morry Abraham and
Mrs. A!ex Ijevlson. and brother of >Mra.
Pauline Harris, a native of Prussia, aged t*l
y.ars. (New York and Brooklyn paper*
i>l'a*e ropy.J
ryF-imds and acquaintance? are rfspect-
,-ul!v invited t» attenl the funeral services
: .-nWr.>w (Friday) at 10 o'clock, at hi* lat*
rm=ld. nee. 1144 Turk street. Interment HILs
UneKMANX— In tlii« city, March S. 1901. .
H'.rbert H.. dearly beloved eon of Herman
a'id Ida reckmann, and loving brother ot j
'M-.rtnie P.ecktnann. a native of San Fran-
irlsco. aped V months and 13 day?.
CTFri'nds and acQuaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thurrday. March JO, at 1 o'clock, at the .
refldeioe of his parer.ts. 33 Cedar nvenue.
between Larkin and Polk. Post and Geary, j
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BENNETT— In this city. March S. 1904. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late John Uen-
nett, and mother of May, I>anlel. Hanorah,
John. Edward end William Uennett. a r.a- j
tiv«.of Court McSherry. County Cork. Ire-
land, accd .'J years.
CTFricndis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited • to attend the funeral to-day
* Th'urf-i»yi. at 6:50 o'clock, from her late
resirience, l(£t5H Minna ftreet, thence to St. !
Joseph's fbarcb. where a requiem, hieh mars !
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul. <
rommencins at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
«*rc£F 'Vrretery.
BjnLKMAN — At Fabic!a Hospital. Oakland.
March *¦. 1'JfM. Adelaide A. Bidleman.
<laushter of the laf John and Mary Treg- [
ioar. mother o£ »'!are R. Bidleman. and I
fJsier'of Mr?. E. ?. Gabbs. Mrs. Charles 1». j
Bat«r* and John K. Treeloan, a native of
Culir.-rma.
CTFrirrd!" and acquaintance* are respect- ;
fully Invited to attend the funeral f-nrviv-es
rridsy. March 11. at 2 o'clock, at the re?i- ¦
«i*tic«> ofMr*. E. S. Oabbs. 154O Santa Clara |
tvf-nue. \. .:-¦¦!> Interment Mountain Vi«w i
CAMERON— In thl* city. March 8, 1904.
Elizabeth Cameron, mother of Mr*. M. Mitch-
ell, a native of Phi!ade!rhla, Pa., agred bl
' ye«rs and 6 months.
*C5.TJie tuncrtl services will take place
to-day <"7!iurfcd».y). at 11 MS o'clock, at
the residence of C W. Doe. 1911 Clay street.
lnteraie.ni cri\ate. Fri'nds and aiqualnt-
aacea are respectfully Invited to attend.
CAMTBELLr— In this city. March 8. 1904,
llarr> N.. eldest and beloved eon tf R. H.
and Elizabeth C»mr't'* s !l. and brother of Mrs.
John Parker and Emma I... and Charles M.
Cami'hell. a native of Red Bluff. Cal., aged
a yrars 'j months and 13 days.
lE7"ni« funeral &ervices will take place
tn-dsy (Thursday.), nt 12 o'clock, at the
family residence, 425 Pierce street. Inter-
ment private. ,
CoSTA— In tils city. March 5. 19TM. Pedro.
K beloved father of Jca^ph. Charles, Peter.
Jennie ana the late Colomba Costa, a native
of Spain, aeed 61 years 10 months and 7
days
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral Saturday.
March 12. at 1 o'clock, trom the parlors of
Valrr.je, * Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton strVt.
Notice— At 10 t-'clork same day a requiem
high mats will be celebrated at the i-partish
Church uf Guadalouoe f.>r The repose of his
memL Interment New Italian Cetneterj-.
CL'NARD— In Oakland. Cal.. March P. l»04,
at the parents' residence. 14B1 Third street, j
Grace Clara Cunard, dearly beloved daugh-
fr of O. W. cud Genevieve Cunard, and
granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Nunan. a|tiative cf pakland, aced 2 years
2 laoaONi and (» days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral to-day
<Tnursuay>, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Jsr.:ce McMarus, Seventh and Caetro streetb,
thence to Oak'.and Crematorium, for crema-
tion. Vrematlcci rrlvate.'
DIXUN--In this city, March S. 1904, George
Washington Dixon. husband of Mary H.,
&r.d :ather of George, Edwin and Charles W.
iJiion. a native of Rochester, N. Y.. aced
€3 jeart. - -_ . .
C^Sen-ices will be held at his late reei-
¦&rr\ue, 112 Devlsadero street, oa Thursday,
March 10, at 4 o'clock. Interment Grass
ValUy. -* :
LXJHERTT— In this city, March P. 1004. Tim-
othy, dearly beioved husband of Sarah Do-
herty. father of John, James, Frank and
Bella Dolierty. Mrs. Mary McOrath and Mrs.
Annie Rottanii, and beloved bi other of Jura.
James powlinc. a : native of Killarney.
County Kerry. Ireland, aped 62 years. (Fort
Worth. Tfxae. paprs please copy.)
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
* Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 22TA Fourteenth street, thence to St.
Charles Borroroeo's Church, where a re-
quiem mas? will be celebrated for the re-
pf*e of his soul, commencing at 9.S0 o'clock.
Interrr.ent Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOW D— In this city. March P. 1904, John,
dearly beloved husband of Kate Dnwd. father
of Jjmie, Eddie, Margarette and the late
Danifl end Ellen Dowd. and brother of Dan-
iel Dowd. a native of Dirtgle, County Kerry.
Ireland, aged 45 yearn. A member of Gold-
en Gate '."amp No. €4, W. of W.
* CT Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully inviteJ to attend the funeral to-day
¦ Thursday), at &:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 76" Mission
street, thenco to St. Rome's Church, where a
requiem hifrh mass will be celebrated for j
the repose of his soul, at 9 o'clock. Inter- <
merit Holy Cross Cemetery. '
DIFFT— In this city. March 9: lfKH, James !
Jfeseph. <1ear!y beloved husband of Tillle
I>uff>. and l.jvir.i father of Jennie. Edward
and A cm f Duffy, and eon of Edward and
the late Mary Duffy, a native of Brooklyn.
N. Y.. Eged 48 years C months and 24 day».
CTRpnialns at parlors of Valer.te, Marinl
& <:o.. U)24 Mtockton street.
D1HRING— In Sonoma. Cal., March 9, 1904.
Mi« Doris Duhring. relict of Frederick
Duhrintr, i>.nd he!ovt<J mother of FredericH
Duhring and Mr>. Aj?nes Ryland. and sister
<tf Mrr. Thomas Hars? and tlie late F. Cleve,
aped 7<i >eai* 9 months and 15*. days.
E^Thr funeral Fen-ices, will take place at
h/r late' r»ridi:nce. in Sonoma, at 10:30
n-flock, Friday. March 11, ,WM. Interment
Sonoma.
DUNCAN'— In this city. March 9. 1904. Annie,
beloved wife of Charles E. Duncan, daughter j
at Mr*. R. O'Connor, and the late Richard
«r«;onnor. and Rivtcr of Mrs. Charles C.
Huff, a native of Eureka. Humboldt County,
Cal. -
JETNotice of funeral hereafter.
FRAPOI.LJ— ¦ In this city, March S, 1904. Sil-
vio, dearly beloved 6on of Teresa and the
late. Battlsta Frapolli, and brother of Mat- ]
tie. Frank. Amelia and Romilda Frapolil j
and Mrs. Marsicano and Mrs. Martinon. a j
nitlv* of Kan Francisco.
JET'Fuiieral 6ervices will be held Thurs-
d«.y. March 1". at 1:15 o'clock, at his late
rcsidrnop. "«3C Vallejo street. Funeral
Btrtctly private. Please omit flowers. j
FRF.IERMCTH— In this city, March 7, 1904 I
Annie V«loved' wife of the late George I
Freiermuth. and deroted mother of George j
H; Frclermtith. Mrs. E. HT Otto and Mrs I
H. B. Spauldlng. a native of Ireland. j
CyFriends aod acquaintances are respect- |
fully tnvitexi to attend the luneral to-day
<Thurfday), at ]« : .->o o'cl<x-k, from her late I
residence, 1524 Ellis Street, between Web-1
»<ter and Fillmore. thence to St. Stephen's I
«"hurch, Fulton street, between Webster and I
Fillmore. where services will be held, com-
rnencins: at 1 o'clock. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
FRIfiSKE— In this city, March 9. 1904. Juliui
K. F.. beloved husband of Anna Frieske,
and father uf Mr*. George Kirchner and
Alrc. Gus Relmers, a native of Stettin.
Germany, agt^i so years 'S months and 27 j
days. A member of Vorwaerts Stamm No.
£X>. V,. O. R. M.. and Cigar-makers' In-
ternational Vnion. Ix.ra! Xo. 22K.
C^Frit-nds and accuaiotances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
•Friday). March 11. at 2:30 o'clock from
R*d Men'* Hall. 510 Bush street 'where
funeral services will he held under the aus-
I'lccs cf Vorwaerts Btamm No. 22S <J O.
U. M. Interment O4d Fellows* Cemetery"
Remain* at the ijarlors of H. F. Suhr- &
Co.. ll«7 Mission street, between Seventh
and Elshth.
GILLESPIE— In this cite". March 8, 1904
George A. Gille«rile, dearly beloved huibaud
al Annie GiUetple, beloved father of Mrs
Winter Gibson, Mrs. George Upton, David
If.. Walter. W. and the late Georgle and
, niixa Gill'-f-Die. and grandfather of David
CJib«on, a native of Ireland, aged S4 years 4
menths and I" days. A m»-mb«r of Bay View
Uidjte Xo. 15», A. O. U-- W.- 7^
JTTTriends and acquaintances are respect- i
folly invitfd to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 12:S0 o'clock, from hJs late
residecce. 178 Connecticut «r*Pt. between
l^anta Clara and Maripoea. thence to Ma-
wnic Hall, corner of Fourteenth and Rail-
road avenue* south, where services will be
tfHd under the auspices of Bay View Lodee
No. 15». A. O. U. W. Interment Cypresa
La wn Cemetery.
G<tDOY— In- th» City and County Hospital
March ». 1904, Juana Uodpy, a native of
Mexico, ared 21 yrars.
GRAY— In this city, March 7. 1904. Dr Wil-
liam O. Gray, beloved husband of Anna C
Grey, a native of Massachusetts, aged 42
years » months and H day*.
C7Rpmali)> at the mortuary chapel of.
DEATH NOTICES.
The semi-annual requiem high mass for
deceased members and deceased friends of
living members of St. Joseph's Union will be
celebrated in St. Mary's Cathedral on Thurs-
day morning. March 10, at 10 o'clock A
sermon appropriate to the occasion will be
delivered by Rev. Joseph Rlordan. S. J.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased meaibers of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association and for parents and
relatives of living members will be sung
In St. Dominic's Church, Thursday, March
10, at 9 a. m. * '
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-monow
< Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the Darlors of
Hulsted & Co., 946 MUsion street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
EL DORADO Parlor So. 52. N. 8. G: W.
Officers and members are hereby notified to
ntt»nd the funeral of our late brother. W. H.
Waite. Friday. March 11. at 1 o'clock, from
the Darlors of Halsted & Co., undertakers,
l»40 Mission street.
J. G. GUINNANE, Pres.
J. W. KEEGAN, Rec. Sec.
WATKIX— In this city, March 9, 1904, Marie,
beloved wife of Evan Ernest Watkln, and
daughter of Mib. Fannie Morris, and sist«r
of Frank Lelay. a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years 4 months and 5 days.
E7 Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of her daughter.
1361 Ellis *treet. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
TAYLOR— In the City and County Hospital,
March 8, 1904. Amelia Taylor, a native of
Virginia, aged SO years.
WA1TE— In this city. March 8. 1904, William
H. Walte. beloved husband of Elizabeth
Walte. a native of California, aged 40 years
4 months and 14 days.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 360 Minna street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, at 9 o'clock. Please omit flowers.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city, March 9, 1904, Mary
FHlen. dearly beloved daughter of James and
Delia Ryan, and loving sister of Margaret
A., Daniel J., Jane and James P. Ryan,
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 2
months and 10 days.
{ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
• Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3_10tf Sacramento street. ' thence to St.
Dominic's Church, wfaere a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Santa
Clara, by 11 :30 o'clock train from Third and
Town send streets. - "» •"
ECHI.'MAK— In this city, March 9, 1904,
Melit-sa Schuman, mother of Mrs. Emma C.
Culverwell, a native of Bersen, X. Y., aged
60 years and 4 months.
(EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral to-day
• Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 866 Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .
RYAN — In this city. March 7, 1904, Kate M.
Ryan, relict of the late Thomas Ryan, a na-
tive of Ireland.
E/Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral to-day
• Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. V3SS* Twelfth street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn high mass
will be celebrated for the repose ot her soul
at 9:'M o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cem-
etery. Oakland.
ROCKS— In this city, March 7, 1004, Fred
Rocks, a native of Germany, aged C2 yeare
10 months and 17 days. A member of Rig-
gcjfe' and Stevedores' Union. Local 222, I. L.
M. and T. A.-
C^"»-'r!end.i and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
March 11, at 10 o'clock, from Church San
Leandrc. S*n Lcandro. Interment i Hay-
irsrtfi Cemetery.
R1GXKY— In Oakland. Cal.. March S, 1904,
Bridset Itigney. dearly l>eloved wife of the
!hU Martin Uigney, and loving mother of E.
C. M. C. T. J.. J. J. and Carrie M. Rigney.
and Mrs. A. T. French. Mrs. A. Hoenisch.
Mrs. R. J. Dowling and Mrs. D. Ferguson,
a native of County Koscommon, Ireland, aged
7tl jcars.
i^usle Uenrlcl, a native of Han Francisco.
iryFrk-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnviud to attend the funeral Bervlces
to-day (Thursday), at " o'clock, at her
ltic i evidence, IStil l,arkiTi street, corner
of Pacific avenue Interment private. •
JACOBS— In this city. March }<, 1904. Pierre,
beloved brother of Morris IS., Louis N. and
Murietta Jacobs, a native of Sacramento,
Cal.. aged 4»i years 11 months and 6 days.
{CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the tuneral
parlors of Porter & White. ,423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment . Odd fellows' Cemetery.
MAKKISY— In this city, March S, 1004, Owen,
husband of the Jate Elizabeth Markey, and
father of Laurence. Kate and May Markey
and Mrs. Lizzie Shade, a native of County
Monr.ghan, Ireland. A member of Carpen-
ters' L'nlon No. 22. ' "
O"The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at K:3O o'clock, from his late
residence, SS17 Twenty-fourth' street, thence
to Su James Church, where a requiem maB3
will be celebrafd for the repose of his «soul.
commencing at « o'clock. Interment Holy
Crops Cemetery.
OAKES— In .San I-eandro. Cal.. Mrs. M. L.
Cakes, wife of. the late A. S. Oakes. and
mother of Mrs. M. Jcwrr-h Andrade, W. E.
Cak-s and Joseph S. Oakes, a native of
Azorrs Inlands, aired TO years and 9 months.
£T Remains at the funeral .parlors of the
IT. F. Maats Company, 917 Ml&slpn «treet.
near Fifth.
HKKEFORD— In this city. March 8. 1904,
Flora J..- dearly beloved wife or Dr. William
*?. Ijcreiord. loving mother of Mrs. Herbert
It. Mortor.. beloved sister, of Mrs. H. J.
lirand, daughter. of the late J. E. and Caro-
line Keinhardt, and beloved aunt of . Miss
the Golden Gate j Undertaking Company.
2475 Mission street, near Twenty-flr»t.
UEXON— In this city. March 8, 1804, Cbarlea
S., beloved eon ot C. W.-.and Mrs. E. J.
lienon. and bxother>of Paul J.. Harry and
Ceurce Hencn, Mr*. Anya and the late Wal-
ter Henon. a native of Oakland, Cal.. aged
23 years and 21 days. lOakland yapers please
copy. )
CJTFrlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the runerol to-day
?Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from bis late teal-
cence, 1744 Market street, corner of Van
Ness avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etcr;\
HENKICI— In tbis city. March 9, 1904. "Wil-
liam J". E. Henricl. beloved brother of Mrs.
Nln.i Ovbtrmann, Mrs. ilaria HoDpe and
Otto Henr'cl. a netive of Uedlnshausen
Warrlngholt. Krie.« Mellen, Germany, aged
CO y-*ars S months and 12 days.The market showed no change of consequence
yesterday. The Chicago report of. Mitchell,
Mulcahy & Co. said: "Market on -the .whole
very steady, with Pork ' 10c lower and Lard
and Ribs about 2%c lower. There was no par
ticular selling pressure from any quarter. Re
ceipts of Hoks about same aa last rear -and
shipments cf meats are rather In excess. There
is still a ' larg« outside dormant long interest,
the holders, of which are the principal support
to the market. Docal sentiment Is still bear*
Ish and packers are oftertns no support to
Proi'isions.
The auit of George E. Rlley against
the North Star Mining Company for
is 00,000. alleged by him to be due
from the corporation for 100.000 _tons
of ore he says the corporation took
by fraudulent means from his claim,
the Massachusetts Hill qnartx mine,
was nonsuited in Judge Mnrasky's
court yesterday. ¦ The motion for the
nonsuit was made by Attorney LJnd
ley.
Mining Suit Out of Court.
A telephone message from Pleasanton yes
terday morning announced the burning of
Hall's warehouse, containing about 1000 tons
of Hay.' .
Local dealers are reportinc an easier feeling
In . the lower grades of Hay. as tho-e farmers
who have been holding to see how the weather
would turn oat are now shipping freely into
market. The quotations, however, show \ no
change. Japan has cabled to a large local
house asking for quotations for 500 tons of
Hay for shipment to that" country. • ¦-
:Bran and Middlings remain steady, with light
receipts and stocks.
• Somcrs &. Co. -say in their. Hay circular: *
"The total receipts of Hay for the week Just
ended amount to 2800 tons, an Increase of 100
tons over the week preceding. The situation
still remains unchanged In every way, for
trading l» rather dull, principally because of
the continuous stormy - weather. • Rain always
interferes with the Hay trade, for .very few
people like to even consider buying unless tho
weather i« favorable for the moving, of Hay.
Several of * th* larger dealers are • busy this
week making deliveries to the Government
transport; which will naturally cause them to
neglect the market to a greater or loss extent
temporarily.* ..- ¦¦ . -. '¦ ¦• .
"Crop proepect* now are most encouraging,
so that all fear as to the new season has been
dispelled. The •situation now centers on tha
uue«tion of stocks on • hand and as to whether
we have a sufficient Quantity to last us
Ha\ and Feedstuff s.
At a meeting of the trustees of the
Chamber of Commerce held Tuesday
resolutlons y were adopted favorin** the
improvement of Petaluma Creek, Sac"
ramento River and Napa River and
the removal of rocks near the Pacific
Mail dock. The harbor committee re
ported that it had exerted every ef
fort to secure additional facilities . for
the loading and unloading; of vessels
at the' water front. Th« death of Al
vinza Hay ward, for many years a
prominent member of the chamber,
was officially announced and suitable
resolutions were adopted.
Chamber of Commerce Meets.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 809
5 10 . usual term*; Bakers* Extras, $4 70t3.*>:
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per btl. '
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 23 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $404 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5O©4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Fa
rina, $4 30; Whole Wheat Flour, $3.50; Rolled
Oats, bbls $7 25®8 60; in sacks, $6 75@S 10;
Pearl Barley. t8; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
RAISINS— The Association quote* the follow
ing prices: Standard grades. 50-lb cases—2
crown Loose Muscatels, 5>4c per lb:
3-crown. 5Hc; 4-crown. 6%c; Seedless Looss
Muscatels. 4%c; iSeedless floated. 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose. 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose. 5*«c:
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4%c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. 5%c. Layers, f per 20
lb box— 41-crown Imperial clusters, |3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusttrs. (2 60; 4-crawn fancy clusters.
f2; 3-crown London Layers. |1 35; 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded— Fancy 16- ox
cartons, per lb. 7%c; fancy 12-ox cartons, per
package. 6%c; fancy. bulk cartons, per lb. 7%c;
choice 16-or cartons, per lb. 7%c; choice 12-oz
cartons, t>er package. «V*c; cholca bulk car
tons, oer lb. 7Uc; 16-ox cartons, seeded Seed
lings. Muscatels, per Ib, 7c; 12-o» cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels** per lb 5*4c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb, 6?4c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshetl, 13Uf?l4c;
No. 2. ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13013%c:
No. 2, lieil%e: Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils. 11 %c for I X L, lie for N« Pln» Ultra
and 9 He for Lanruedoc; - Peanuts. 6^7c for
Eartern: Pecans. ll<S13c; Cocoanutj. >4 5OS5.
HONEY— Comb. ioeil%c for white and 8%
g9Hc for amber: water white extracted. 5©
B^ic:- light amber extracted, ; A %©4*4c; dark.
3U@4c.
- BEESWAX— 27©2»c per lb.
FRUIT— Apricots. 8ViG10%c for Royals and
i>@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4*4 !>
6?ic; sun-dried. 3*4®4%c; Peaches. 5®7%c;
Pears. 8©ll%c: Nectarines. 5@5%c; Figs,
white. 3'a-Je tn boxes; black, 4 14 c; Plum». pit
ted. 66 Sc per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%@2*4e for the four
sixes.
Dried Fruits^Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
day frr-rn tfc? <-"'sin7 Trmknwii of ycjtr»T>l(iy
FsitrtWe prcrresn w« r?r*irte<I In the I>ondrn
? except for tmzif. lulling' of Kaffirs
'<r rnzir nr«-o.!nt. The uncertainty t-f the
ritratl'-n s.'. P»ri» i* ar> flrtn^r.t In the haltin-r
J mother <M other martets. Aside from !{£*st
KETSr TORE. March ».— Tber* were only a
few little eddies to *llr the otherwiite stagnant
surface of to-day/s stock market. During the
afternoon the t>athy- and neglect of the
rr.ark-t bctarse mere profound than at any
t!rr.e «Ince tte premtT.t dull period ha* -et in
f-me «>\-l<>r.r* cf a n att<-nipt on the part of
t-pfesjilor:-! trauer* t« extend the er»-ct of the
Northern S»-<r:riU.-s threat waa apparent. " It
*»«-rrn; to. have oc»-urre4 to somn tir..J-r.« that
i*ie Nftrthera Securities case has proved the
i-inrle :»csc.r that h«c proved abl« to stir the
mait't, ar.d that «-nly on the last two days cf
the T»f*. wilh a reaction after tie -Ittlng of
!?*» .=:Tpr»tr»e Cfort on Monday. To correct this
; imitation of thi- Irfluenre, a theory han been
s-->t . r -a: that the court may abandon lt«
r-wtlr.e tn till**. cat<- and hand down the Af
ciri^n unexr->ete<3!y oa •om* other* than the
r»riilar decision day en UonUaj-. Cut this
tslk rro*-'etl of *mal! effexrt In the market
TV»il»-h tras \>civ¥j;t$ in uncertainty . and
lrthanry. There -ec-ns to be no Inducemect
to Ituv strrltc with »h«^ tincertJtint!'^ over th#
r-r.rket. ar.<1 th-rr !» no necestlty to sell holj
irr* ."*¦*'?> ''all l^ans c"--talnable.at helow 2 pr
r«-nt. Tft^tc ts:-» a fcr b!e rebound early to-
Nezc York Stock Market.
NEW YOP.K. March 9.— Money on call.
ta*y, 1\62 x*-r c-r.i; ciorlng bid. 1% per cent;
oiVr'-d at 2 >?r cent.
Tinw! loani=. *«»>• an4 dull; sixty days, 3
per cent: ninety days. 3t?3>i pr cent; six
month*. .%-... 4 oer cent.
Prime, mercantite pap»r, 4%®.">'4c. '
gterllrir exchar^re, firm, with actual busl
r.»M in bankers" bills at $4. **5r,o£ 4.8*05 for <le
nrnnd and at J4.S375g4.S3Sw for sixty-day
*PoFt~l rates. «4 M<404 FTU.
Conin2«»rcial till*. $4 £3Vi©4" S3%.
Bar silver. 57*4c.
M'iic-Lii dollars, 44%c ¦ -' " -.
Gov*rr.rr.eat bends, steady; railroad bendf,
beavr.
Nczv York Money Market.
EASTERN 3IAEKETS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESPAT. March 9—2 p. m. '
UX1TED STATES BONDS. .
Bid. Ask.] Bid. Ask/
4s qr coup:.107%108v;l4s qr cp new.!32Vi —
4s qr reg...l07%10SHl3« qr coup... 10«% 107
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 6s.llS 119%
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 Do 5s 110H112%
Cal CO 5t. — 10»U Do con 5«.. 99% —
Cal Q & E - Oceanic S 5a. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 90 Om Cable 6-.123 —
Cal-»t C 5s-116«;imi pac G Im 4s. no 9C,
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 5a..lO5% —
Ed L & P «s.l25 131 P & C H ea.103% —
F A C H 68.114 — P * O R 6S.116 —
Geary-st 5s.. 45% 90 Powell -st 6s.. — —
H CAS 5%s.lO4 — Sac EGftRSs. — 100
Do 6« .... »S 93% SF * SJV5S.U9 118%
Hon R T 6-..103 — Sierra R 6s.. 112% —
L A Elec Z». — 105 S P-of A 6a
L A Ry 5s..U2%113U «SKW> 1A5K1M
L A L Co 6a — <1910> 10B>i —
Do gtd Ss. — — 8 P of C 8s
Do gtd 5«.103*4 — <19O5)Sr A.10«-;io4%
LAP lem Cs.lOl?, — (1905)Sr B.105% — -
Mkt-st C 6a.ll6 — (1906) 10«%107
Do lem 59.115 — <1912) 11S% —
MV& MtT5s.lO4 — SPC 1 eg 5«. — —
NRR of CCb.107 — Do *tmpd..l©S 1C9%
. Do 5s HSVi — S P B R 6«.1"4 —
N P C R 5«.105 — S V Wat ««.104 104%
N C Ry 5«. — — Do 4s 2dm. 9S% —
N C P C 5s. — 100 Do 4s Sdra. — -2-
N S R R Ss. — 100H Stfcn QAECs. — —
O G L&H 5».1O8 — U G * E 5a. 103% —
OWitd 5s. — 100
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 41 | Port Costal.. — 1 —
Marin Co... — 63 |S V Wat Co. 39 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC. .I.
Cent LA P. 3% 3*iJS F O A E. 58% 59»J
Mutual EL.— 10 Stkn G A E. 5 —
Pac L Co... JS% — JU O A E Co. — 32
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G * E. — . — I .
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd.315 — '|
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 L P A A 158 165
Anglo-Cal .. 89 92% Mer Trust.... — 225
Bank of Cal. — 430 Merch Ex.... — — •
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Nation!.' — —
First Nationl — — *
8AVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL. — 2300 j Sav A L So. — 10O
Hum S & L. — — I Sec Sav Bk.. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — (Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.625 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..190 200 i Presidio .'.... —
POWDER--
Giant — eiHiVlgorit 3% 5
SUGAR. '
Hana P Co. — 40c Kllauea S Co. — 5
Hawaiian C. 4«U 47% Makawell C. 21*4 22 H
Honokaa S C 12 13% Onomea S C.-22H2S
Hutch S P C 9 9H Paaubau S C. 13 14
. TONOPAH MIXES.
Bid. Ask. I BM.Atk.
Colehan — 151 Paymaster .:. -r- 12
Eeperanxa ... — OljRay Extra .. —.15
GIp-T Queen. — 30|Rajr Ton 10 25
Gold Anchor. 13 21 Ray ft OBrlen — 09
Gold Mount.. 03 — I Rescue 07 0»
Htnnapah .. — 151 Ton Belmont. 50 60
Hannapah M — 25 Ton Exten .. «5 CT
Little Ton .. — 1 OOf Too Fraction. — 3O
Luckr Tom.. — CSlTon of Nev. 5 75 —
MacNamara . 1<* 13' Ton K Star ..-32 "3
Mlipah EX .. 10 — Ton Midway.. 38 40
Mont Ton . .1 to 1 2.".. United Ton ..10 —
N T Ton.... — C2f
WEDNESDAY. March 9—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 08 07tJu«tlce 08 »
Aha 09 10 Kentnck 08 »4
Andes 49 OOf Keyes Gran.. — 35
Belcher 24 25: Larty Wash .. — . 99
Best * Belch.2 OS 2 25* Mexican 1 75 1 *O
Bullion 09 lOt Occidental ... SS 90
Caledonia ...1 C5 1 lOfOphir ...4 60 4 85
Challenge Con 34 3«j Overman .... 23 24
Chollar 17 l&'Potoai 13 IT
Confidence ...1 CO 1 OS; Savage 73 77
Con C * Va.l SO 1 Wj Scorpion OS C3
Con Imperial- 02 OSi Seg Belcber. . 1<» 11
Con NT... OS 04|{sierr» Ner r . t2 S
Crown Potnt. 2O 2l!SUv«r Hill ., t* «5
East Sierra N C3 — ! St Louis .... 10 13
Eureka Con.. — 30|Syndlc*tt .... €4 M
Exchequer . . 14 16 Union Con . . 85 36
Gould * Cor. 44 IS' Utah 19 20
Hale A Norc OT MiTeUow Jacket 33 35
Jella OS «5l
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
The Orange martcet was amply supplied and
exceedingly dull, as there was absolutely noth
ing doing in the shipping line, and local deal
ers were apparently well supplied. There wai
a fair attendance of Jobbers at the auction
sale, but the bidding was very slow and what
stock was taken -by outsiders was bought
merely because It was cheap. Nine cars. In
cluding one of extra fancy Redlands fruit,
were sold. The car of extra, fancy eoW from
$1 35 to $1 60, with one lot of twentyrnlne
boxes of large sizes selling at $2 15. The
other eight cars sold as follows: Ordinary
fancy. 75c@$l 55; choice. 60cg$l 03; standard.
dO&SOc. Prices in the <}pen market were un
settled after the - auction sale, but trade waa
not of sufficient volume to warrant any change
In the quotations. Tha ether Citrus fruits
were in ample supply and featureless.
The best gTades of Apples ruled steady un
der light supplies, but common and trashy
stock was abundant and continued dull.
APPLES — $1 75©2 per box for txtra fancy.
$1 25©1 50 for ordinary fancy, 85cf?$l for
choice and S5Q65c for common.
CITRUS FRUITS — Nfvel Oranges, $1 75«2 25
per box for fancy. $1 2X?1 5O for choice and 75c
@$1 10 for standards; Seedlings, 50c@$l; Tan
gerines, 75cfjf 1 25 per box; Lemons. $1 7552 50
for fancy, $1 2561 50 for choice and 75c$$l for
standard; Grape Fruit, $1 25@2 BO; Mexican
Lime*. $G£« 50; Bananas, $1©2 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $1 5O"52 25 for Central Ameri
can; Pineapples. $1 00@2 50 per dozen.
Deciduous and -Citrus Fruits.
Trading on the exchanges was tame yester
day. Gas and Electric sold from $59 50 up
to $38 87% In the morning, but fell back
again In the afternoon. Alaska Packers was
higher at $139 60. and there was a sale cf
California Gas and Electric at $40. The dl
and mining stocks were featureless.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: California Street
Railroad Company, regular monthly. 75c per
share, amounting to $75CO.
The Amerie«n Beet Sugar Company ha« de
clared a regular quarterly dividend of 1% per
cent on the preferred stock, payable April 1.
- The Commercial Cable Company has declared
a regular quarterly dividend of 2 per cent on
the capital stock, payable April 1.
STOCK -MARKET.
Yesterday a Quiet Day on All the
Local Exchanges.
The feature of trading In oats was heavy I
liquidation credited to the principal long
The close was barely steady and near the low !
point of the day. May closed at 40?tc. July
closed with a net loss of %c at 3&%c.
The 'break in corn prices brought' out liberal
profit taking In provisions. As. a result of the
eelllnr. which wos mainly by 5mall holders /
the market ruled easier, and slight lo*-?s were
made throu-hout the entire list. The earlr
tone was firm in .sympathy with higher price*
at the yards, but the market lucked any
marked support, and prices gradually yielded ;
to the weakness In cralns. May pork clcted
at 10c lower. May lard 2%c lower and rSs
2%c lower.
The leading: futures ranged as follows-
c a I t e^o. 2 - Open - Hlsh - ;&s bl °--
Kv.d.::::::: g*' °°* g.-*
July., new SS'i fV% m% rssJ
September, old. $4% S4*4 f)3U 84«
September, new. 83", 83*» 83% cou
Corn No. 2 —
May* 54*4 54% 505; 51%
July 5l*i 51*i 4S5; 4 nd
September 50% 50% 473; '4R«
Oats No. 2— . ' O7 V
May 42, 42 4ft K 4OS4
Jul» 33S, 3ftB4 asu 3sil
September Xl% 33% Z3 33S?
Mee» Pork, per bbl.— /".
May 13 ft2% 13 05 13 C5 13 77U
July... 14 15 14 15 14 87% 14 00
Lard, per 100 lbs.— ¦ ** * W
May 7 37% 7 47% 7 85 7 40
July 7 5O 7 50 7 40 7 45
Short RIba. per ICO lbs.—
May 7 22% 7 72% 7 05 7 15"
July 7 25 7 35 7 15 7 27%
Cash Grain and Provisions. '
CHICAGO, March 9. — Cash quotations were as
follows: ¦ ' ¦ ¦_ . ¦ . .
Flour, quiet and weak: No. 2 spring wheat
! KSj5r92c: No. 3. 82SC2c; No. 2 red, 03^97c; No
2 corn. 49©5ftc; No. 2 yellow. fiOc: No. 2 oats.
38*%@33*ic; No. 3 white, "fl*ie42%c: No.- 2
rye, fiO««2c; good feeding barley, &S@40c; fair
to choice malting, 45S55c: No. 1 flaxseed.
CHICAGO. March 9.— Expectation of a bull
ish Government crop report counterbalanced
to-day in the wheat pit the demoralizing ten
dency of heavy liquidation in coarse grains.
May wheat made a net gain of %c. July is
up **c. Corn lost 2V4c, oats l*j,c and pro
visions eloped 2%$ 10c lower.
Comparatively firm Enrlleh markets, not
withstanding the weakness in Chicago yester
day, caused wheat her* to open with a con
siderable show of strength. May was t;©Sj,o
higher et »2«i«24c. July was up %-5%c at
8S%*rSS%c 'These were the top figures of
the day. Prices were sustained for &. time
near that level by a prediction of a cold wave
extending as Tar south as Nebraska. After
the first installment of buying orders had been
filled, however, the market began to sag grad
ually. The downward tendency was accel
erated by the extreme weakness which de
veloped In coame sralns under heavy liquida
tion. Later the demand Improved and there
was a cessation of oroflt taking. ¦ The ad
vance was met by heavy -elllng by earlier
buyers, the result being another setback. A
rumor that the Government crop report to be
lflsue-i to-morrow mlcht show a large de
crease In fanners* reserves broueht out con
siderable buying orders late in the day. Shorts
covered freely, forcing up the price of May
end July to about top fltrures. The c!o*e
was firm, with May at 92W>c. July closed
at 88HC
Under wholesale liquidation the corn mar
ket ruled extremely weak, losses of over 3
cents a bushel being experienced in both th«
May and July deliveries. Initial quotation*
in ilr? were Vi©*4c higher at 54g5i%c. due.
mainly, to ] the firmness in wheat. Shortly
after the openlncr. however, heavy liquidation
set In. Prices started downward and the bot
tcm was not touched until 60>4c was reached
The clc-lnr was at 51 Uc. July ranged be
tween 4S^c and 51S«|51?ic and closed at
49^c a net less of l%c.
Future Grain and Provisions.
FOR WEDNESDAY. MARCH 9.
Receipts of Produce.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Spelter, (steady, 'unchanged, at 5.00^5. 10c
locally, and at £22 5s In the English market.
Iron at Glasgow closed at Ms 3d, and at 42*
Cd in illddlesboro. Locally the market is
quiet. No. 1 foundry Northern. $14 75@15 25:
No. 2 foundry Northern, $14 25-.J14 75: No. 1
foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern
soft. |13 2^€13 75.
NEW YORK. March 9.— Tin was a little
lower In London, spot there declining 2» <>d
to £123 15s, and futures 5s to £\'2i. Locally
the market sympathised with declines* and
closed about unchanged, with the tendency
lower. Pj>ot was quoted at J2S.
Copper was unchanged in Londcn. at £.V5
15s for spot and £"-5 los for futures. Lake,
12.5045 12.75c; electrolytic and casting, 12.37V»
612.e2:-c
Lead was -unchanged In both markets.
Locally spot I* quoted at 4.W@4.0"k\ In London
at £12.
New York Metal Market.
AH quotations remained . about as before,
with the exception of Cheese, which declined
again. The Cheese market is In bad shape.
Butter Is fairly steady, but the warm, wet
weathfr is causing a rapid growth of grass
and the production Is expected to Increase right
alorig now. Humboldt will be sending In liberal
supplies shcrtly. so nobody cares to carry more
Butter than he can help now.
The E*sr market is now steady, as the move
ment Into store has absorbed the huge surplus
which has been dragging the market down for
week*, and the piles on the floors of. the com
mission houses are now down to more reason
able proportions. It was reported yesterday
that those buyers in the country who have
been purchasing for storage had reduced their
price from 16c to 15c net.
Receipts were 43.100 lbs Butter. 155S ca*es
Eggs and 33,«00 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER-*-Creamery at first hand*. 21%@
22%c fcr extra*. 2Og21c for firsts and lS#13c
for seconds; dairy lS@20c; store Butter, nom
inal: cold storage. 20@21c for extras. 15819c
for seconds and lf.-filSc for ladle-packed. t
CHEESE — >4%©0%e for good to choice new
and 7SSc for lower grades; Young Americas,
10610%c; Eastern. 15gl6c; Western. 14f*15c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 15?17c; store, 14%§15c per
dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 O6-4 $1 O7 $1 Oflft $1 07
December ... 1 01% 1 01% 1 01% 1 01%
OATS — The ¦situation remains as before
stated. The demand Is nothing extra, but the
feeling is steady.
White $1 27.%©1 37%; Black. $1 2501 65;
Red. $1 25#1 35; Gray. $1 32% per ctl. . ¦
CORN — Very few samples are seen on
"Change at the moment and dealers quote a
fairly steady feeling, with no further change
in quotations.
Western sacked $1 32H@1 37% for Yellow,
$1 32%@1 37% for White and $1 30@l 35 for
Mixed; California large yellow, $1 37%^1 42%;
small round do. $1 45®1 50; White. $1 37%@
1 42% per ctl: Egyptian, $1 45@1 SO for white
and $1 27%G1 30 for brown.
RYE: — «1 3W?1 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75©2 per ctl.
Open. High. Low. Clost.
May $1 07 $1 07 $1 Oti*i $1 06*4
December ... 1 01"^ 1 01 % 1 01 V* 1 Ol*fc
2 p. m. Session.
FUTURES.
gef-lcn 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Feed. SI 061491 O% : Shipping and Brew
ing. SI 12V&01 15: Chevalier. $1 15©1 35 for
fair to chol«e.
CASH BARLEY.
2 p. m. Session.
No sales.
BARLEY — Cash quotations showed no further
change, but futures were • lower.
It was reported on 'Change that Japan is in
this market for 3000 tons of Barley, but cannot
get freight space for Its shipment.
California Club. $1 4031 45: California
White Australian. $1 50«l 57*4; Northern
Club. $1 4031 42V»; Northern Bluestem. «l 60&
1 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Cession 9 to 11:50 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 41U $141*4 $1 40«4 $1 41**
December ... 1 37 1 37% 1 35-, 1 36%
HEAT— There was nothing new East or
abroad, and tKe ground was about covered by
the private Chicago wires of Mitchell. Mulcahy
& Co. as follows: "While it was an Irregular
market, there was less selling pressure from
long Wheat and prices showed more resistance.
Foreign markets did not follow the decline here
of yesterday and Broomhall reports a little
better Contlnertal demand for carroes and the
Argentine strike still In force. The Southwest
Is »tlll without rain, althoueh It is predicted.
Primary receipts are again large and the whole
CKsh situation Is slow. The Government esti
mate on farm reserves is expected to-morrow,
and It Is al»o expected It will be bullish. While
we are not particularly strong on Wheat, with
steady cables, dry weather in the Southwest.
ani after a 10c to 15c break we are inclined
to think we should have some reaction. Liquid
ation has been pretty general and the specula
tive situation therefore is less strained."
In this market there was a decline In cash
groin and futures were al?o weak. The ten
dency Is to tell.
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Pilvor arid <36mestie Exchange are lower.
Sterling I^xrhaoge remains as before.
Sterling Exchange. »Wty day-.... — $4 S4H
St«rHng Exchange, sight, ... .".i.. — 4 87%
Sterling ExcRange.. cables -.."."...— 4 SUM
New York Exchange, sight . . — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Pllver. per ounce 57%
Mexican Dollar*, nominal .. — - 47%
Exchange and .Bullion.
TONOPAH MIXING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa
cl-co and Tonopah Mining Exchange jresterdar;
Morning Session.
60O Evelyn 34] 2<X> Ray A OBrtera OS
200 MacNamara. . IS 200 Ton BeirBont. 09
100 Mont Ton ..1 20 200 Ton Midway.. 29-
Afternoon Sestlon.
200 Evelyn 331 400 Ray * OBrlen 09
500 MacNamara . lftl 400 Ton Bebnont. 59
220O Mont Ton ..1 201 20O Ton Belmont. 6O
400 Paymaster .. lOi 10O Ton Midway.. 3»
Russian Sazings Banks.
!". • rt* cr. the twulrftn of R-JSfian Gcr*rn
itr.i wir-zs hanks April 1 I'.KCS. show: Total
amber of tanfcs with <Jerart:r.»rt», €2*N; c:
he*» «C*?7 err at pt«t and telegraph office* ; en
o«rd ai<:i-o:-unr !a foreisn waters. 20; in |
iberlaii vlllace?. 13.1; at Government vrinc 1
hope. 2: en ratlr.iads, 021; amount of ssvinjrs.
4L2.C24,T*>5: amount cf 50!^. *75.402,95a
here i« a censtant increase of savir.gs.
Flour Exports in February.
In February the «rperts cf Flour from San
raccltco by «•«. were as follows:
To — Barrels. Veloe*. !
iln« 30.-X3 $125,731
i; *r« 1.177 5.291
!a«ali6a Island* 3.M7 17.319
:r.cl£nd 5.700 22.090
abiU l.*5O •'..379
'.x: Uiaa 4.J93
-r.tral America. U.41S M.443
infi-Tia 1.351 5.473
icutder l.47<» 'i-^o
.-¦j C<"0 2 076
-r.bia 3SI 1.57S
..;.. ISO <^5
...r. an Islands ">5 247
Corea 52 "30
itrque^as Islands 37 1CS
J r::lsh Cclair.bia 10 42
iar.i'.E 5 24
Totals C0.9C5 $1'54.2!4
Ir. Febrjary. 1&03. the experts were 44.1S6
,«rrels valued at $1S2.114. and Included 2J.
£2 barrels to China. 6713 to the HawaiiBn
rlarrd* ar.d Oti€2 to Central America.
Weather Report.
(130th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 9. 5 p. m.
The fe!!ow:r.g are the seasonal rainfalls to
a;e as comr-ared m-lth those of same date last
tisc^i and rainfall in last twenty-four tours:
Last This Last
MiiioM — 24 hour*. Seascn. teason.
:ureka 0.32 46. 2S 43. M
i«t Bluff 0.06 21.56 19.24
¦¦fccraaunto 0.00 10.80 12. 2S
Ian Francisco 0.0.1 13.71 12.8*
"ream 0.C0 8.90 6.33
• r.dence 0.00 I.f6 1.82
•>n Luis Obl-po 0.00 S.e7 12.43
.<;. Angeles 0.00 3.22 8.97
,an Dle^o O.CO 1.93 S*.72
THE COAST RFCORD.
r: a» ¦» -> -r. —
z §5 ?¦= <i **=¦ 2
stations, r \\ 55 T= f" =
? z. ~ ' ° 7 r
* = c : ** : ?
; 1! » • I
"araHon 23. TS 54 TA S Rain .01
Reyes.. 29. 72 5-1 4fl S Rain .01
•It Tamaii.ais.2fl.7» 49 36 SE Rain .'•;
J«ker i0.12 40 > S Clondy Tr.
"arson 28.72 42 3»» \V Cloudy Tr.
:ureka 29.5* BO 42 PE P.aln .32
29. Wi 54 42 SW Cloudy .0>»
-ri-'«rr 2t».<?4 TO 3S SW Pt.Cldy .«<>
> oca.tello 2S»>4 .IS 32 PW Clear .0*
n(S»pendpr.c« 2».fiS 5« 3« SE Cloudy .CO
-OB An*eles..2».M» €« 4S S?W Pt.Cldy .00
Vorth Head. .29.42 42 3<i SE Rain -3«
'hoerax .29.70 7« &4 SW Cioudy .tt>
»crtl»n<S 29.50 42 3J» E Rain .34
'.ed Bluff 23.78 50 VA SE Rain .W
».:sebsrg ....29.M 60 40 P Cloudy .00
: «rraroento ..2».»<2 .. 44 SE Cloudy .Ml
: tit Lake 29.92 SS 32 SE Pt.Cldy .74
] in FTancisco.23.S6 &S 48 8 Rain .02
I L Obiepo. .29.»J< C2 4« W Cloudy .CO
"-•.a r.-» Z».W> «?O 54 PW CJoudy .CO
leattle -23.5^ 50 ZZ SE Rain Tr.
ipdkzTif .....29.74 42 30 SE Cloudy Tr.
atooeh ......29.40 33 36 SE Clonly .IS
Vt;;a Wal!a..29.<» 50 36 PE Cloudy .CO
•Vtnr.eirucea .29.74 42 2« P Cloudy .02
rursa 1-5.74 76 ?>» W Clear .CO
IVEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pr^*-ure has fallen rapidly en the Pa
iflc Coa-t. A tflrturbance cf some energy
>verli«e AVa-<hin|r:cn and Oregon and will prob
ably Vnove 50'jthward. causing rain generally
>\'r Cs'.iforria
£outii*ra£t ptoi m warning- are displayed
; "rg t)aa coapt frorr. San Francisco northward
in<l a<l\-l«>ry cipfrspe have beea «ent to
/.'jthem pcir.ts.
Tt.e temprratore ha* fallen 10 degrees or
r.ore ir. Utah and gouthern Arizona.
The following moxlrr.um wind velocities are
¦eported: Ncrth Head. 45 mile* southeast;
Eoreka. 26 soatheaet: Point Reyes. 44 *outh;
Southeast Farallon. 30 south, and Pocatello.
>*¦ eouth»re«l.
For^c*« made at Fan Francisco for thirty
t<KTr ending n-.lirurht. March 10:
Northern California— Rain Thursday; brisk
to high southerly wind.
Southern California— Cloudy. unsettled
«eath*-r Th*jr*-ia}-. probably rain; fresh south
erly «-ii»J.
Neva<3« — CWrJy ThurrrJay. probably rain In
rcrthei u porri^n.
Pan Francisco an4 vicinity — Rain Thursday;
br.5k «o high mmtbertr
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
The fourth car of Western" Poultry for the
current week was on sale and the market had
an easier tone, particularly for Hens, which
constituted the bulk of the offerings of West
ern. Fine young fowl, ruch as Broilers. Fryers
and fat youne Rooster-, were in -mall supply
and were readily disposed of at unchanged
rate?. Game was In light receipt and prices
were without quotable change. — ¦ - --
POULTRY — Live .Turkeys. 166 ISc Per lb:
Geese. tx>r oalr. $2@2 25; Goslings. $2@2 23:
Ducks $5 50JJ6 50 per dozen for old and $6 50
®7 for young: Hen», $6 50S7 for large and $5
©6 for email: young Roosters. $8 50J57 50; old
Roosters. $5#5 50; Fryers. $5 5OS0 50; Broil
ers, $5ti5 50 for large and $4 5035 for -mall:
Pigeons, $1 23®1 50 per dozen for old and $2 23
((2 50 for Squab-..*"*
GAME — Gray Geese. $3 per doz; White Geese.
75c$??l 25; Brant. ?1 50 for small and *2 for
large; Honkers. $3; Rabbits. $1 50@l 75 fur
Cottontails and $1©1 23 for Brush; Hare $1 25.
Foultry and Game.
LOGAIrJilAiJvETS.
SEATTLE. March 9. — Clearings. $558,751 •
balances. -11S.251.
TACOMA, March 9. — Clearings, $369,630;
balances, ?43,&5*.
PORTLAND. March 9.— Clearings, SGSO2M
balances, J141.O37.
SPOKANE. March 9.— Clearings, 1391.162;
balances,, f 35,048.
Northern Business.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA. March 9. — Wheat— Unchanged;
bluestem. 81c; club, 76c. -
PORTLAND. March' 9. — Wheat — Walla
Walla. 75c; bluesfc-nj, 793-SOc; valley. 80?S2c.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
NEW TORK. March 0. — The cotton market
closed" steady, 29^59 points advance.
New York Cotton Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
firmer with demar.d good and holders inclined
to ask higher prices. Cemrnon. IGSUc; prime,
5*kc: choice, 6564c. and fancy at 7e.
PRUNES — Appear to be meeting a little
better demand and rule steady at from 3'j'd
<$*£«. according to grade.
APRICOT.-^ — Are in limited . pupply both
here and on the coast and are firm. Choice.
9»4@10c; extra choice, 10H<gaO*;c; fancy, 12#
15c.
PEACHES— Firm: choice. 74§7V-jc; extra
choice, 7~(68Kc; fancy. 9-glOc.
DRIED FRUITS
WHEAT— Receipts. 34,100 bushels; spot,
steady; No. 2 red. $1 01 elevator; No. 2 red,
$1 023*1 05 f. o. b.. afloat; No. 1 northern
Duluth. $1 04*i f. o. b., afloat; No. 1 northern
Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b., afloat. Options
-.vc-re nmi all day, closing \~c net higher.
May. MO 13-lCe; July, W"ic; September, btJ'.ic
HOPS— Firm. -
KiDF.S— Firm. . ¦
WOOL— Firm.
SUGAR— Haw. firm; fair reSnine:. 2 15-16c:
eeiurifcgal. ml test. 3 7-lGc; molasses sugar.
2 11-lCe. Refined was firm. •-
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; mild. 'dull. The
market for coffee futures closed steady at a
decline of 10 points on April, but generally
5 points lower to 5 points higher. Sales, 71,-
OCO bags, including May. $3 25-55 30; July,
15 5565 60; December, $G 05£i6 10.
NEW YORK. March 9.— FLOUR— Receipts,
1S.S00 barrels; exports. 643- barrels. Dull and
barely stpatiy.
Ncw York Grain and Produce.
BAGS— Grain Bags, higher at 5t»c spot and
5$ic June-July; San Quentln. 3.53c; Wool
Bags. 32£35c: Fleece Twine. 7463c.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. fS: Seattle. $S 50: Bryant. *6 50: Bea
ver Hill. $6: Standard. $7: Roelyn, *7: Coos
Bay f5 50; Greta 57: Wall-end. *7: Richmond.
%1 bb; Cumb'rland. (13 In bulk and >14 23 1?
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $9 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50S13
per ton In bulk and $15 In sack.-: Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. Jll 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per leng ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c: Lms«-ed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 10*31 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c fcr raw; China Not. 60©70c per gallon:
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 5Sc for Cejion and 55c
for Australian: extra bleachsd winter Sperm
Oil. 8ftc- natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale. Oil. e5c; natural Whale
Oil COc; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 73c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 60c; pare Neatsfoot OU. 75c:
No. 1 Neatsfoot OU. C5c; light Herring Oil.
45c: dark Herring Oil. 43c; Salmon OU. 3-Sc:
boiled Fl-h Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. 3Sc: boiled
Paint Oil. 35c: raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bujk.
14c: Pearl Oil. in cases. 204c; Astral. 304e;
Star, 104c: Extra Star. 244c: Elaine. 2€Uc;
Eocene. C3Hc; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, la
bulk. lCc: In cases. 224*: Benzine, In bu!k.
13c: In cases. 19Hc: SG-degree Gasoline la
bulk. 25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — Me per gallon In cases and
78c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE "LEAD— Red Lead. 6%©
7c per lb; WMte Lead. <& l i9~c. according to
quantity. . . -
SUGAR— Prices are 10c higher. The Weit
ern Sugar Refining Company quotes as follows,
per lb Jn 100-Ib bags: Cube*. A Crushed and
Fine Crushed 5.65c: Powdered. 5.50e; Candy
Granulated. 5.50c; Dry Granulated, fine. 5.4Oe;
Dry Granulated, coarse. 5.40c: Fruit Granu
lated 5.40c; Beet Granulated UttMb bags
only) 5 20c- Confectioners' A. 5.40c; Magnolia
A. 5c: Extra C. 4.00e: Golden C. 4."»0c; "D."
4 70c: barrels. 10c more: half barrels. 25c more:
boxes -Oc more: 5O-lb bats. 10c mcrt for all
kind* Tablets — Hair barrels. 5.00c: boxes.
C lJc- H A E. Crystal Domlnm. -$.4Oe t>er II
No orders taken for less than seventy- five bai
rels or its equivaient.-
General Merchandise.
LONDON,' March 9. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-dny numbered 13.42.5
bales, including a good selection of merinos.
Low merinos were 1 lrreKUlar and In buyers*
favor. • Victorian wcol» were strong. France
bought a rood supply of scoureds and several
lets were bought in. A few parcels of | Vic
tcriaa greasy and combing were taken by
American buyers.
London Wool Sales.
ST. LOUIS, ; March 9.— "WOOL— Steady.
Medium frrades, combing and- clothing, 17@
2l»ic; lleht fine, i5®174c; heavy fln«. X2Q
144c; tub washed, 20#31c. ¦
St. Louis Wool Market
fT>ecu! alive holdings, the widel; ::-~l Russian
f*-curities cf the Fier.ch peJple cAve r.ct come |
largely to rcari:et elnce the outbreak of the
war. The coottnaed pressure en Pennsylvania
v,es the lo«<ilr.g tifiuenee in the market ana
¦erred/ to been alive the rumors of further
capital issut f. N<-w York Central's peer thov
ir.g of cro*s earalr.gs for rel<rua.ry was a con
tributirs factor. Damage by rtoodE gave prom
ise -!so cf future effect en earnimrs reports.
Th?re v^Sf talk of some improvement in tte«l
tadnen and United Statss Steel Ftocks were 1
relatively firm. Chances generally are insis
c.ficant. •
Hor.Js were heavy. Total Mies. $1,300,000.
United States lx;r.<*3 were ur.chanpKj-on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High- Low. Close. [
Atchlscn 8.700 CVi C4u «5 j
Atch-.Ecn pfd 200 8S% SSVi S-S'? |
Balllmcre .t Ohio.. 7.400 74U 74 74 ! %
Bait A Ohio Pfd..'. .- fc7>4
CanadiBr. rzciftc. . . 1.2iM> HC»i 110'i HOVi j
Cen of Xc.t Jer*iy 153 |
Chtsai*>a!:e &. Ohio 39V4 j
Chicago & Alton... 100 C0'» 39'i 3S
; Chi & Alton pfd &0 , !
! Chi Great Westers 41-0 144 14 1; 144 j
j Chicago A N V/ 162 •
! Chi. Mil & Et P... S.5«0 130 13SH tf&% '
C. M A Ft P pf J l7 ?w*l
Chi Ttrm & Tr:n« 94!
Chi T & T pfd.... 100 19 19 19
C. C, C & Si Louis "5 j
Colorado Southern. 4^>0 17*i 17*4 17
Colo South 1st ril. 100 55 55 54',4 j
I Colo South 2d pfd 234;
I Dela A Hudson 1.2t»J 154 153% 1S3'.4 !
¦ De!. Lack * We.«: 250
Denver & Rio G IS
I Den & Kio G pfd «'»
i Erie 3.600 22«i 22H 224!
Erie 1st pfd 400 61*» 01>i CIS !
Erie 2d pfd ". - - .... 37?i
Hooking valley 724
Hccking Valley pfd 78
Illinois C-ntral .. 2l>0 12Q4 12C4 126'i I
I Iowa Central 174
' ton Central pfd 34
IK C Southern '10H
! K C Scuthern pfd. 100 31 l i 314 314
Lcuis & Nash 400 I02»i 1024* lC2»s
Manhattan L SOO 144 1*3% 1434
Metropolitan Sees. 200 85 S3 81
M-trcpclltan St Ry 9<X> 114 1134 113Vi
1 Minn A St Louis.. 57
j M. St P & S S M. 600 «0*i 60 «X»4
M.SlP A SS M pfd 117
Missouri Pacific .. 1.2tK> 8S «•% 87*4
Mo. Kan A Texas. 600 l<5»-i 1« 16
M K A T pfd 36H
Xtl R R Mei pfd 344
New York Central S.«»»J 114 313=% 113»i |
Ncrfcrk & \\05tern 9C0 554 51% 5t%
Nor & West pfd 83
Ontario A Western 700 1J»*» 19** 19%
JennryTvanla 30,400 112\ 112=4 1124
P. C C & St Louis If* •» CO . 59
Reading 1.000 404 4«H 404
Rt-almg* 1st pfd 76
Reading 23 pfd 56
Rock Inland Co... 15,<00 20 19% 19V4 i
Rock Island Co pfd 2.600 604 694 <»'-.« '
StL & t=F 2d pfd. 800 424 42 414 i
St Louis S W 600 134 12T4 13H j
Ft Louis S W pfd. 9«:<0 314 314 31H |
Southern Pacific .. 5.7C0 43H 41 434 I
Southern Railway. 2.400 194 19^ 19>4 |
Southern By pM.. 700 $24 514 61 '- 4 !
Texas A Pacific 22»» i
Toledo. St L & W 224 '
T. St L, & W pfd 33
Unicn Pacific 4.1C0 73% 734 73^ '
Union Pacific pfd. 100 S6»4 8*^ 864 i
¦vVabash 10<> 174 174 1"4 j
\\"abaeh pfd . . .• 3'i' t ,
Wheeling & L E 15
AViscor.sin Central. 900 17 Tg 17 14 17 1 ;
Wls Cent pfd lw 40 40 40
Express Companies —
Adams 220
American 185
United States 103
Wells- Fargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 22,200 464 454 454
Amer Car & Foun 400 19 4 194 19
Amer C & F pfd.. 200 63V4 63 6sVi
I Amer Cotton Oil 2»
Amer Cot Oil pfd S8
American Ice SOrt "% "% 7%
Amer Ice r>fd S«O 304 30 30
Amer Llrjs<?ed Oil b»J
Amer L O ofd 2ijj
Airar Locomotive . 3.flf»> 22?*' 21 % 22'i
Amer Loo pfd . .400 ?2 hl% SliJ
Amer Smelt & Rfg l,r<0i> 47*4 *~*S 47*4
Awr 6 A R pM.. 200 &)% 90*i 90ri
Aro^r Sugar Rfr. l,30<> 124^i I23?i 123%
Anacnnda II In Co .' "> C2
Brooklyn Hatrtd Tr 14,200 41 Vi 4(t 4O*%
Cclo Fuel Sc Iron 70O 2S4 2S 28
Consolidated Gas.. 3f>0 1»T 4 191 1914
Corn Products ... 2,9<» 14 13W 13*;
Corn Prod pfd .. "/*> 674 fi5 fis'
Dtniller*' Secure. 300 23^ 23U 23
General Electric V 100 1C1 161 160
Inter Paiwr ' m'
Irter Paper pfd . 100 65 6T» C5*u
I Int»r PumD 33
Inter Pump pfd 71 %\
Naticral Lead .. 2<iO 14% 14% 14^,
North AT.«>rlcan . Krf) si sou
Parirtc M-II 2<»0 2<5 2.*>4 •»*.
People oa« — 6.100 071; 954 »:,»:
Prcf^ed Steel Car 28
Pr*ppsd S C rfd \\ <j»
Pullman Pal Car 1O> 21O 210 2^n»
Republic Steel ... 100 7*4 T»i 7;'
P.ep Ste*l nfd ™ 4 j^
Ruhher Goods- 400 1SU isii m«l
Rubber Goods pfd 73'
Tern Ccal .&• Iroa 40t> 2<J'i sjsi 3.-,
IT S Leather .. (••,>
V S Leather pfd . COO 7S«4 7s'i£ 78
IT S Realty 7
JI [> Realty pfd '. '. !» 5OJ,i
V P Rubber /, jj *
TT S Rubber pfd . . - inr> 4fivj 4SW 4S
IT S Steel l.SfV) 10*: 10% lftHl
V S Ptwl pfd .... lO.OHrt H5*3 55li 5.-,a;
Wc*tin«ihc'j*e Eire 500 157U 157 157-
Western Union .. 100 SS'i £SU &S
ToUl Sales ..IS3.50O Shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO
NEW TORK. March 9. — Bor.d transactions
«f United Railroads of San Francisco: 5000 at
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bl<5. $4 C24: asked, it 75. Pre
ferred—Bid. *33 12*4 : a*ked. 133 C2H
XE\V YORK BONDS.
TJ S ref 2s reg..l<M4!L A N unified 4s. 93U
Do coupon 105 I Man con gold **.ir.';-,
. Do 3- reg I06 |Mrx Cent 4s FA
Do coupon I064J Do 1st Inc 13
Do new 4s recr. 1*2 <4| Minn A St L 4s. M
Do coupon 132\iiM. K & Tex 4«.. R7U
Do eld Is rcg.lOG'i! Do 2ds 77
Do ooupcn.....l074!NR of Mcx con 4«. 73 *
Atrh -rca 4s 99*41 NT C gen 3Us.. »7*;
Do adj 4s SS |N J C gen
Atlantic C L" 4s. 91 I Nor Pac 4s 103
IJ.il A Ohio 4- 1O1VM Do 3* ... 7S14
» Do 3H» -- 93*4 j Nor A W con 4s'.' 97%
Central of Ga *.s.l(»»j!OSL 4s & partic. »1
Dol-t Inc C6 |Pa conv 34s.... f»su
CTes A Ohio 44s.l01>«|Readiru; geii 4s... J»5«
Ch! A Alton 34*. 75>i!SL & I M con fis 113
C n A Q new 4s. 94*ijS L A S F fg 4«. SOU
CM ft FP gfn 48.107- tSt Locls SW lsta 02*1
C A .W con 7».12J>»i!S5eaboard A L 4a CS
C R I A l*ac ir. C3 ; S-o Pac 4s ... . ' R8
Do col r»« 77 1 «jS Railway fis. .. .in 14
C.C.C A SLgn 4s. ns'.fTex & Pac l-ts..H5
Chi Term 4s 784IT. fit L & W 4s. tJ9U'
Cons Tobacco 4s. 5C%i Union Pac 4s 10314
Colo & So 4s.'... S4 I Do conv 4s Q5%
C F A I conv 5s. 71 \V S Steel 2d 5s.. 72
Den A Rio G 4s. 9C^,!Waba*h lsts ....I15U
Krte prtcrlien 4«. t>«4t Do deb B M*i
Do gen «« S4 |W A L Erie 4s... RO
F W &D C l-t*.I03 Wls Ceiit 4s.. SOU
Hooking Val 4«i*.104Ml "
NEC. TORK MINING STOCKS.
I A<"am- Con 25;Ontario "42a
1 Alice SSiOphlr 4M
Breece ..: 10! Phoenix ......... 04
Oim Tunnfl O7|''ctosi 2.1
Con Cal A Va... 1 CO! Savage : m
Horn Silver .... 1 20fSierra Nev , .40
Ircn Silver 2 00' Small Hopes .... 20
LeadviUe Con .... 02! Standard 2 50
little Chief ..... 0«I
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska. P A. 139 14OmOce*nle S Col 44 5
Cal F C A. 96H 9741 Pac Aux FA. 3 •
Cal Wine A. — 95 [Pac C Bont.157 If8
MVA MtTm.100 — |
Morning Session.
¦ Board — ¦>.
30 Ala*k& Packers' Association 139 50
70 Hawaiian Cnml A Sugar. . 48 5O
ICO S F Gaa A Electric 59 S7«4
10 Spring Valley Water Co. ........ 39 75
Afternoon Session.
0 S F Gas A Electric 59 90
Street —
10 California Fruit Canners' Assn. 9« 50
ICO United Gas A Electric 30 CO
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC Cs.lOa 103 S P Co 44s. 9S W
B L. Wat 6». — 120 | Sun T«I fl».U3 —
Cal NW,.5».lll*i — | Do 5« 1024 —
SF DnTk 5s. — 113 4 Suttr-sc R5».lCft 113
I SF A NP 5s.Hl — tUR of SF 4a. TOli 79%
8 P C R 4s. — 100 I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
AU S Co.. 244 — I Mils Nat Bk.30O —
Cal Cot Mils — 95 Nev Nat Bk.l«O 210
Cal CAECor. 39*; — S 3 R R.... 11 —
C Jockey Cl. 99 120 IN C P Co. ft —
Cal Powder. 125 — !Oak Bk Sav.1124 —
Cal Ship Co. 15 3O [oak T Con.. 65 —
Cal T I A T.115 14O <!OOF Hall A. 64 —
Cen Bk Oak «3 T « — lOrpbenm Co.. — 18%
Chute. Co .. — 7H;Pac S Tel... — 101 »»
City A C Bk. — 112 IParaf Paint-. M —
Eaat Dymn.150 230 |S F Dry-dock. fiO —
FN Bk Oak.120 — tSFASJ Coal. 20 —
Fischer Thtr 1 2 18 J Wat Co. — 1P«
Frnch-A Bk.103 — (SO A MTgbt. — 165
Gas Con A.. 194 21 | Swiss- A Bk.113 —
Hono P Co. 12Vi — | Truck Elect. — 13
LonA SF Bk — TO IUR InC pfd. 444 —
Mat Nay Co — 90 | Do com ... 104 —
Mcrning Session.
Board—
400 Cal Gas A Electric Corp 40 00
Street —
$3000 S F A N P Ry 5 per cent Ill SO
$5000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. . 79 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Alameda Sugar Co 24 CO
16 Pacific States Tel A Tel Co 100 73
California Stock and Oil ExcJtange
011 Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 30%.
Apollo 44 ....
I Associated Trust Certificates. 20 21
A»tee ~i •<>
Central Point Con «5 ....
Chicago CruJe 19 2»
Claremont 46 5O
Four V*
Fulton * 00
Hanford 142 00 143 00
Home 120 ••¦-.
Independence 18 IT
Kern 4 75 4 93
Monarch (of Arizona) 41
Monte Crtsto "5 <M>
Oil City Petroleum 31 33-.
Peerleas IS OO
. Pittsburg 15 ....
j Reed Crud« 125
Senator 65
'Sovereign 46 4*
i Sterling 3 00
I Thirty -thr«« 5 00 7 25
: Toltec 19
I Tw«nty-*ight 4 4/> /
West Shore 1 «0 2*0
I Associated Bonds •©
I Abby Land A leap - . ¦ 1 *'•
¦ Chutes Company 7 5O
j Fischer's Theater 1 <PO 2 (•>•
1 Northern Cal Power ." -.- - • 10 Oft
.Sanitary Redaction Works.. 180 190
! SALES.
Morning S«salon.
Board—
i 1000 Apollo b5 45
SOO Twenty-eight Oil 4 25
2CO Sovereign 46
j Afternoon Session.
. Board —
500 Claremont SO
500 Superior C5
' Street —
I 5C0O Twenty-eight Oil 4 25
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Boavd yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha. Cfl 200 Overman 2*
300 Andes 47) 100 Overman .... 22
500 Belcher 25 BOO Potosi 1A
600 Cbollar lSt 600 Savage ...... 71
3C0 Chollar 19! 500" Scorpion ..... C3
50Conn.ler.ce ..1CSI 300 Silver Hill .. 03
SO© Crown Point. 19i 100 Union Con . . SS
. 100 Mexican 1 73! 200 Union Con ... . J»4
100 Ophlr 4 SSI 500 Yellow Jacket 33
Afternoon Session,
>i Andf 1 Mi 10O Pctoal II
300 Belcher 241 100 Savage 73
4<>» Chollar 17j- 200 Seg Belcher.. 11
9f»> Con C A Va.l J>0| 20O Sierra X«v .. 32
20O Crown Point. l»i 6OO Silver Hill . . «2
ICO Mexican 1 75 100 Union Con .. «S
100 Occidental .. 801 700 Utah ........ 19
1M> Ophlr 4 63| 400 Yellow . Jacket 33
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the PaciSc
Stock Exchange yesterday:
( { Mornsnjr Session.
100 Best & I>ieh.2 C5| 200 Overman .... 23 *
700 Caledonia .1124 500 Potosi 13
I 100 Caledonia. ...110 200 Savage 70
I 1 100 Caledonia. .1 07Vi GOO Savage 71
! SOO Chollar 19:1000 Scorpion 02
. J ICO Con C A Va.l 80| 200 3*« Belcher. - 11
. I 3OO Exchequer .. 14: ICO Sliver H:'.l . . ' ftO
> i 5OO Justice OS! .V»> Silver Hill . . «2
> 200 Mexican 1 T5j 10O Union Con .. 84
I Afternpon Session.
400 Andes 43| 100 Savage 75,
ICO Best A Belch.2 10 100 Suvaire ;-{
100 Best A Belch.2 15' 200 Seg Belcher.'. 11
500 Chollar 17 200 Sierra Nev .. S3
ICO Con C A Va.l 80 200 Silver Hill .. 64
30O Con C A V.I 8?4 4OO Silver Hill .. «5
100 Mexican ....18OJ 100 Union Con .. *6
100 Mexican ..1 774i 300 Union Con .. S*
The Potato market developed a weaker tone.
as all outside orders w»re about satisfied and
local buyers were confining their operations
to the filling of small ordjers for immediate
wants. Sellers were firm in their views, how
ever, and prices had no further decline. A
steamer falls ¦ due • from - Oregon to-day with
about 4000 sacks. A carload of Sweets was
marketed at a sharp advance, but did not
clean up. having arrived too late for the regu
lar trade. Onions were steady and unchanged.
Receipts of Asparagus were lighter than oa
the preceding day. but there was quite a quan
tity of carrled-ovcr stock offering, and. despite
a fair demand for shipment, prices were lower.
Bay P^as wers easier under increased receipts.
Prices of the other Vegetables . showed but
slight variation. • ¦
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. $1 C3
©I 20 per ctl: Oregon Burbanks.- $1 25*81 35
per ctl; Petaluma and Tomales Burbanks,
$1 1561 20 per ctl: River Reds. Sl@l 10 per
ctl: small' Oregon Burbanks for seed. 9<Vr@$l
per ctl: Garnet Chiles. $l@l 10 per ctH Early
Rose. $1 25© 1 50 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $2 S5
per ctl: new Potatoes, 3c per lb.
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 60@2 75. per ctl for Or
egon and $2 90@3 for Neva'dan; Green Onions,
30tj"*c per box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 124c per lb for
extra, 10c for No. 1 and &3»c for No.
2; Rhubarb. UUSc oer lb: Green Ptas. 3@3c
per lb for Los Angele* and 5@7c for "bay;
String Beans, 10@15c per lb; Tomatoes. 75c9
SI 00 per box or crate for Los Angeles and
$1 25®1 75 for Mexican; Summer Squash from
Los Angeles, per box; Cabbage.
$1 10 per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. 75e€$l 25 per dozen;
Garlic, 6©6c per lb: Egg Plant. 25c
per lb: Dried Peppers, 5©Sc per lb for Stock
ton and 10gl24c for southern; Dried Okra,
10(gl24c per lb; Green Peppers. 15^25c per
lb- Mushrocir.E 10«20c p«r lb: Marrowfat
Squash l@l}4c per lb; Hubbard. »ic per !b.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetable*.
Foreign Futures.
¦ ¦ ' = LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May. July.
Opening :. 6 ST4 6 7 6 C>j
Closing 6 S% <$ "4 0 7»*
> PARIS.
Wheat— ... March. Sept.-Dee.
Opening 22 C5 22 15
Closing ..." 2193 22 05
'Flour •--,.-:¦-
Opening 29 40 ~ 30 CO
Closing 29 30 29 90
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent "shrinkage for' Cattle:
CATTLEr^Steers. SSOc; Cows and Helferm,
7fi8c: tMin Cows. 4©5c per Ib.
CALVES — «@4Hc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4H05e; Ewes. 4ViS4Hc
per lb {gross weight).
LAMBS — 546«c per lb.
HOGP — Live Hugn. 140 to 200 lb«. 5*ie:
over 200 lbs. 54f 5%,c: soft Hog«. 4Vi84%c;
Sr»ws. 20 per cent off; Boar». 50 3<r cent off,
and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are a« follows:
BEEF — 763c for Steers and 6£64c per lb
for Cows.
VKAL- Large, 7%©S4e: small. 8g9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethere, OH'fflOc; Ewes, 9^94e
per lb.
LAMB — Yearling*, lie: Soring. 16c.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 789Uc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
There (s no further change in any descrip
tion.
Meat Market.
Beans 'are reported quieter, though there Is
still some movement in a speculative and ship
ping way.
BEANS— Bayos. f2 35@2 55; Pea, $3; Eut
ters $3;. small White, 13Q3 15; large White,
$2 50@2 SO- Pink $3 20®3 35; Red. $4 75«5;
Lima. $3 30©3 33; Red Kidneys, $4 50ig5:
Blackeye, $2 1OQ2 23 per ctl; Horse Beans. $2@
2 50.
. SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3 T5@4: -, Yellow
Mustard $363 25; Flax. $1 SO©1 yO; Canar>',
5V-65* 4 c for Kastern: Alfalfa. 14gl4»lc; Rape.
Hi©2c: Timothy. CSOVic; Hemp. HMQZ^c per
lb; Millet. 3ff3&c; Brooai Corn Seed. $2C©21
per ton. ¦ . • .. =
DRIED PEAS — BUckcye, $2 25®2 50 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Miscellaneous Markets.
SHEEP — Receipts, 25,000; sheep and lambs,
etcady to - strong; good to choice wethers,
*4 33#4 to; fair to choice mixed. $3 50@4 75;
Western sheep, f3 50^5 25; native lambs,
$4 25?i5 90; Western lambs. ?4 OOgC.
CHICAGO. March 9. — CATTLE^ — Receipts,
16,0O0;\steady to strong; good to prime steers,
«5 lo©6 'CO; ' J>oor to medium. $3 40&5 00;
stockers and feeders. $2 5ixg>4 25; cows. $1 3O
©4 OOr heifers. ?2 25@4 50; canners. $1 50©
Z 00; bulls, $2®4 00; calves, f3§« 50; Texas
fed steers, iiUi 65.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 20.000; to-morrow,
30,000; steady: mixed and butcher*. J3 35<?
5 73; cood - to choice heav-- $5 70§5 83:
rtfugh heavy. $5 40«5 65; light. $4 90@5; bulk
of sales, $0 45f»5 C5.
Livestock Market.
SUMMARY- OF THE MARKETS.
AVtc- York Slack niarkct about the same. Cotton higher.
Sihcr ana Domestic Exchange lender.
Local Sleeks and Bonds continue inactive.
Grain Bags advanced another fraction.
Wheat lower, with holders now. willing to seft.
Japan 'said to leant 3000 ions of Barley here.
Oafs, Com and Rye as prez'iously quoted.
Japan asks for prices on Hay in this market.
iMrgc lot of Hay reported burned at Pleasav.ton.
Bran, Middlings and other Fccdstuffs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds about as before quoted.
Potatoes weaker, but no loivcr. Onions steady.
Poultry and Game unchanged, icith fair supplies.
Apples and Citrus Fruits quiet and featureless.
Butter unchanged. Cheese still lower. Eggs steadier.
Proz-isions tame and more or less weak.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about H61c under Heavy Salted
Steen, »%c; medium. 8%c: light. 7%c: Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 7*ic for lirtt; Stags.
Cc: Salted Kip. 9c;. Salted VeaL 10c: 9alt»d
Calf, lie: dry Hides. 15€lfe: dry Kip. 13e> dry
CaU. ISc: Shoepvklns. shearlings. 25030c each;
short Wool. 40-3C3C each; medium. 70©9Oe: long
Wcol. $161 50: Hone Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2^S2 Zd for medium. $1 23© 1 73 for
small and ."Cc for Colt*. Hcrse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 23
for small and 50c for Colts. Back Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c. dry salted Mexican. 23c: dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prlm« An
goras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium.
35c: small. 20c.
» TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4 M ©4 He per Ib;
No. 2. 3H«?4e: grease. 2%«3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin l*mb*'. 99
lie; Middle County. 11612c; Northern defect
ive. JVgiOc: Nevada. 13fil5o; Oregon, fine. 199
19c: Oregon, medium. 17c per lb. . -
HOPS — 2SC30C per Ib for California. 1903,
and 20c for crop of 1904.
Hides, Taller^, Wool and Hops.
Boston Stoeks and Bonds.
Money— ' |(J S Steel 11%
7a!l loans 3VI-©4Vij Do pfd 55*4
rime loans — 4 %fe5^jj Westing Common. 7<SVj
Bonde— • Mining—
Vtchison 4s 0T*i( Adventure '2
Do adj 4s 37 Allcuez a^i
dex Cent 4s Ci |Amal Copper 45'4
Railroads— I Amer Zinc 74
Vtchison C5 Atlantic 7%
Do pfd &s» s s!Binghara 19
Boston & AIbany.C4.'{ | Calumet & Hecla.445
Boston & Malne,l<j»' 1 Centennial 1GV5
iioston Eltv 138% Copper Range !H»Vi
•'Itchburg pfd 130 iDaiy West ...... 34
S' T. N H & H..lS3%!Dom Coal 33
?ere Marquette.. 77 (Franklin 7%
LTnion raciflc 73Vs!Grancy ...... ....3 5-10
Miscellaneous — lisle Itoyale "•
\mer Arge Chera. 13% I Mass Mining '. ' 3*4
Do pfd 74 (Michigan 4'i
,\mer Pneu Tube. 4 j Mohawk ."i3'i
,\mrr Sugar 123'i'Mont Coal & C 2«4
Do pfd 122 >«; Old Dominion ... 94
*mer Tel & TeU21«i! Oeceola 50
Amer Woolen ... 10 j Parrot 22%
Do pfd 73 SQuiary SI
Dem Iron & S.. 7*i; Shannon 7*6
EM Elect Illum.230 [Tamarack 00-
Gen Electric . . . .lfiO^ {Trinity ,4*4
Mass Electric IS'i'U S Mining 20*-i
Do pfd 72U,{U*i{.Oll 8*i,
Mass Gas 3S ftJtah" .' 3t
I'r.lted Fruit .... 97 flVletoTla .......... :j
Vn Shoe Mach... 4« jWifcona;. •......;.. 5%
Do pfd :.... 29' j\VolTerlne ......'.. 74'
Londbh CloQ/ig Stocks.
Cons for money.. SS'ilN Y Centra'.. 117
Do for acct . ; : . .i S5%j Xcr : & ¦' Western.*.. 36%
Anaconda -314j. Do pfd.;. 8S
Atchison C0% Ont & WMtern...' 20»,4'
Do pfd .' 02 ,j Pennsylvania ...:. 37%
Hal * Ohio 7Cri1r.and Mines SV,
Can Pacific 113=4' Reading 20%
Ches & Ohio.... 30 * Do 1st pfd 39
Chi Great West.. 15 I Do M pfd .. 234
Chi Mil & St P.1444ISO Railway lOTg
De Eeers lO's' Do r>fd St
D*n & Rio G. % .. 19 TSo Pacinc 44%
Do pfd CR (Union Pacific .... 73y»
Erie 23*;; Do pfd 90
Do l!>t pM C3=iiU S Steel 11 -
Do 2d pfd 3»V Do pfd SO'i
Til Central 130 |Wanash ...."...... 18U
Louis £: Xa«h. .!l,V-'.i DopMl ..31^
M. K & Tex 16%!
Ear silver — Quiet. 20 7-10d per ounce.
Money — 2 ! i^2 l i per cent.
Tfc? rate of discount In the open ' market • for
short bips is "@"J 3-l« per c?nt and for three
months' bills 0@3 1-16 per cent. . . . :
CHICAGO. March 0. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was quiet and
easy: creamery. 14S23Uc; dairy. 13%@21c.
Eggs were steady at 17@19%c Cheese waa
steady at 10%eil'4c . .-.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per Ib for
heavy lie for - light ¦ medium. 13c for light.
l.-.Uc for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Ea.«t«rn sugar-cured Hams. 134c; California
Hams I -'AC Mess Beef. $10 50611 per bbl;
extra .Mesa, $11 50012: Family. $12 50013:
prime Mesa Pork. $13: extra clear. $2I@25:
Mess, $18. Dry Salted Pork. lOHeilc: Pig
Pork. $27: Pigs* Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c
— Tlreces quoted at 6*4 e per 1b for
compound and 9Hc for pure: half-barrels, pure.
94c; 10 lb tins. 10c: 3-lD tins. lOHc; 3-lb
tins. lOVic '
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. v%e: thre«
half barr*l*T 9Hc: one tierce. »iic: two tierce*.
9c; five tierces, S"»e per lb.
prices. We still think they should be sold on
the ralliej." .. . • . .
fl CS: No. 1 Northwestern, $1 14; prime
timothy-wed. $3; mess pork, per bbl.. $13 15®
13 S7%; lard, per 100 lbs.. $7 10^7 15; short
rib* sides Uoose). $G S7%e7 12%; short clear
*ldes (boxed). $7 15@7 50; whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 2S; clover, contract grade,
111 €3.
Articles. ' - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 85.700 40.600
Wheat, bushels «S.4C0 45. GOO
Corn, bushels 147.000 132.000
OatE. bushels .580,000 1S3.400
Rye. bushels 13.000 11.700
Barley, bushels 184,000 4T.000
> "Choice wheat Hay continues to arrive quite
freely and contrary to general expectations a
plentiful supply of tame oat Hay continues to
arrive. Alfalfa is not in very rood supply,
but the demand for this particular rrade of
Hay Is rather limited thin time of year. Other
grades continues as before."
BRAN— $21622 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27 50^29 per ton.
SHORTS— 121©22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24625 per
ton; Oilcake M«al at the mill. >2<> 50631;
Jobbing *32: Cocoanut Cake. (22@23; Corn
Meal $29 50@30 50: Cracked Corn. *3(Xg31 :
Mixed Feed. $22@23: Horse Beans. $30®
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctl.
HAT — Wheat $154?1S; Wheat and Oat. $15®
17- Oat S15Q17; Wild Oat. $13613 50; Bar
ley $13015: Stock nominal — none here; Al
falfa $12613 50. . .
6TRAW— 5Og"5c per bal».
through or not. We are Inclined to believe
that if : no unexpected -demands are. made on
us we will have sufficient to Jast us through
In a comfortable manner. Several shipments
of samples of various grades of Hay
hare been sent to Japan, and should any
orders materialize within the next month or
two, there will be another scrambling for Hay
throughout the rcountry- We are Inclined to
think that some orders will be placed here be
fore a great while, but believe that no very
great amounts will be shipped across the ocean
for several months to come.
:'u"'--- -';¦•- ¦'¦¦ -it*'-*- - - ¦ ~ - •¦'¦-• ¦¦¦¦•¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL' THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Flour qr sks.. 22.075! Hay. tons 61<l
Wheat, ctls 700! Wool. bales ... €5
Barley, ctls 457|Tallow. ctls ..... 3
Oats ctls 450! Sugar, ctls ....Il.cno
Corn, ctls .... 1.244iHWe». No 1.014
Rye etls »«1 1 Pelts. No 1.927
!u-an» sks 1.601 1 Leather, roll* .. 65
Potatoes. *ks .. 1.679! Paper, reams .. BS5
Onions. «ks .. 1.1O»1 Wine, gals 82.1CO
Bran »ks **50j Brandy, gals .. 10O
Middlings sks.. 7."> : Llme. bbls .... 226
OREGON'.
Potatoes, sks .. 4S3!
15•J , 4.
Holy Scriptures," "Truth in the Sacra
ments" and "Truth in the Heart."
We wish to announce that to-morrow,
Friday, at 9 o'clock 'we will take out of
our windows all the shoes which have
been on display for the past week.
Ladles' finest grade shoes 50c. • Ladies'
patent leather ties 75c. Ladies' 53.50
shoes 95c. Gents' fine dress shoes 85c.
Children's high grade shoes 65c, hand
turned. If you need shoes be on time.
Massachusetts Shoe Co., 1101 Market st.,
corner Seventh. •
To All Good People.
The afternoon service Included the
litany and Intercessions; hymns by the
choir and two addresses by Bishop
Nichols.
The general theme of the Bishop's
eloquent discourse was "The Spirit of
Truth" and In his various addresses he
considered his subject under the fol
lowing heads: "Truth in Christ,"
"Truth in the Church," "Truth in the
It was 1 o'clock when the right
reverend speaker began his third ad
dress. At its close and after an in
terval of silent meditation a recess was
taken until 2 o'clock.
Right Rev. William Ford Xichols.
Bishop of California, yesterday at St.
Luke's Church conducted "Quiet day"
devotional services under the auspices
of the California Branch of the
Woman's Auxiliary. The services last
fed from 9:30 a. m. until the evening.
There was a large attendance of
women, before whom Bishop Xichols
delivered five masterly addresses.
The morning prayer service was*
conducted by the rector. Rev. Burr
Miller Weeden. assisted by Rev. Wil
liam Edward Hayes. The auxiliary
choir rendered the sacred numbers
and the organ was presided over by
Uda Waldrop and Mrs. Ruggles.
At the conclusion of morning
prayer Bishop Xichols addressed the
congregation and later administered
holy communion.
Eight Rev. W. F. Nichols
Delivers Five Addresses
at .St. Luke's Church
Custom-house officials here will ask
the Legislature at its coming session
to pass a law declaring Saturday* a
half holiday.
In Massachusetts and some other
States, where Custom-houses are in
operation, Saturday is recognized as a
half holiday and the order of the Sec
retary of the Treasury does not there
fore apply to those localities.
Some time ago Customs Collector
Stratton wrote to the Secretary of the
Treasury protesting against the rule
recently enforced that the Custom
house should remain open daily until
4:30 p. m. Mr. Stratton urged that
for the last twenty-five of thirty years
in this city it had been the custom to
close all the offices at noon on Satur
days, and that In the wholesale busi
ness district in this city Saturday was
always observed as a half holiday.
Assistant Secretary Armstrong re
plied that the rule applied to all Cus
tom-houses in the. United States, ex
cept in places where State or munic
ipal law "provided that Saturday
should be a half holiday'. The new
rule recuires the Custom-house to be
kept open on Saturdays as well as
week days, except during the months
of July, August and September.
Secretary of the Treasury Refuses to
Modify the Recent Ruling Pro
mulgated by Department.
BISHOP HOLDS
LONG SERVICE
NO HALF SATURDAYS
FOR CUSTOM-HOUSE
Swell pamphlets are being printed by Ed w.
E. Knowlea. 24 Second st. ,. •
T. J. Weldon, as trustee of the estate,
of Jacob Wuttenburger, ' bankrupt, filed
a petition in the United States District
Court yesterday asking that A. Riff e be
restrained from disposing of forty
shares of stock of the Covelo Mercantile
Company, which stock Is
alleged ] to: have turned over, to ,Riffe
with intent to make him a preferred
creditor. \
Rlffe to Be Enjoined.
Customs Collector Stratton has been
notified by Japanese Consul Uyeno that
Baron K. Kaneko and Hon. >K. Taka
hashi are due to. arrive on the steam
ship Siberia to-morrow.' The Collector
Is requested to extend to them the
customary official courtesies. The Baron
was formerly Minister of Agricultural
Commerce for the Japanese Govern
ment, and Mr. Takahashi 1 is vice gov
ernor of the Bank of Japan.
Distinguished Japanese Coming;.
Plso'« Cure tor Consumption will stop that
cough. It is a standard remedy. 25c. *
At a meeting of the board of direc
tors of the National Industrial
Peace Association yesterday af
ternoon arrangements were made
for holding a series of free
lectures in Golden Gate Hall on the
subject of "Industrial Peace. Arbitra
tion and Conciliation." . The lectures,
which will be ' given by the most able
speakers of the city, are intended to
show a means of settlement between
employer and employe, at the same
time avoiding, strikes and lockouts.
Those who will speak are Rabbi Voor
sanger, F. H. Gould, S. C. Denson and
C. A. Swigert.
Will Speak oit Labor.
The will of W. R..H. Adamson, for
merly one of the executors of the es
tate of Adolph Sutro, was filed for pro
bate yesterday, j He leaves his estate to
his widow, Georgiana A. Adamson, and
declares in, his will that he Intention
ally omits the names of his two daugh
ters from the document. The estate
disposed of by the testament Is valued
at only $500.
Adamson's AVidow Sole Devisee.
Presiding Judge Kerrigan made an
order yesterday admitting to probate
the will of the late Harry A. L. Floyd
Gopcevic the young heiress who mar
ried a carman employed on the Sacra
mento-street line. Henry E. Mathews.
a life-long friend of the deceased, and
Petar Gopcevic, her brother-in-law,
were appointed executors, they having
been named 5s such In the will.
Gopccvic Will Probated.
Red Eyes and Eyelids, Granulated
Eyelids and other Eye troubles cured by
Murine Eye Remedy. . . ¦ L •
Mrs. Kate Janisch, who next^ week
gives a series of "Chats on New Zea
land" at Lyric Hall, is a woman of In
dependent fortune, who is taking this
means of making an interesting pleas
ure trip around the world.. She is. the
widow of Mr. Jahisch, a well known
Hungarian, whose father was private
secretary to Sir Hudsont Lowe, jailer
of the great Napoleon at St. Helena,
Her own father was' Colonel Lambert,
a distinguished soldier, who saw much
service in India before becoming one
of the pioneers of Hawkes Bay i in
New Zealand. Mrs. Janisch carries
with her. very influential, letters of in
troduction to several people of high
degree and she has been promised the
honor of giving her lecture on marvel
ous Maoriland before King Edward of
England. \ i'S**$-' '0^11''
"Chats on New Zealand."
Grace Church was the scene last
night of the wedding of Fred B. Sur
rhyne and Mrs. 'Sabina Smith. The
affair was most unostentatious and was
attended only by the immediate rela
tives of the bride and groom. The
Rev. Robert E. Lee Craig per
formed the ceremony, after which a
wedding supper was served at a rotis
serie. The groom is the well known
real estate and insurance broker at
138 Montgomery street. After a trip
to Pasadena, Mr. and Mrs. Surrhyne
will make their home In this city.
Mr. Belasco, the happy man, is the
treasurer of the Alcazar Theater and
is well and favorably^ known in theat
rical circles. Before ""identifying him
self with the popular O'Farrell-street
playhouse he was engaged In the
wholesale business and has a host of
friends in mercantile. circles also.
The coming event was celebrated by
a banquet last Monday night, when
fifty guests assembled, including the
members of the Alcazar company.
Toasts and speeches of congratulation
were made and it was a merry-occa
sion. .
Deputy Health Officer Louis Levy is
a brother of the bride-to-be.
The wedding will occur in June.
• • •
With the announcement of the be
trothal of Miss Anne Levy, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. M. Levy of 1609 La
guna street, to Edward Belasco, comes
the culmination of a childhood ro
mance begun in this city over fifteen
years ago. The bride elect is a beauti
ful girl of the blonde type and since
her debut has been one of the leaders
of the younger society set. She is an
accomplished musician and possesses
a melodious mezzo soprano voice of fine
quality, which has been heard to ad
vantage at many musicales.
MISS. A. LEVY
AND E. BELASCO
ARE ENGAGED
It pointed with pride "to the fact
that the wisdom of Republican finan
cial policies is now so well attested by
the logic or results that the subject
has practically been eliminated from
national politics."
It Indorses the foreign policy of the
party and the recognition of Panama as
a republic.
In State matters the platform pledged
the nominees for Railroad Commission
ers "to a strict enforcement of the rail
road law, to the prevention of discrim
inations, inequalities and extortions in
sales and the provision of adequate
facilities for the increasing freight and
passenger traffic of the State." con
demned the employment by the last
Legislature of a horde of useless at
taches, expressed sympathy with th«
"good roads movement" and urged its»
importance upon the legislative branch
of the Government. -
The platform adopted congratulated
the party associates in other States
upon "the gratifying harmony which
prevails In the councils of the organi
zation throughout the nation, presag
ing another great victory in the
quadrennial conflict upon which we are
about to enter. And we congratulate
the American people regardless of
party upon the cumulative and con
vincing proofs of the wisdom of Re
publican policies, plainly evidenced for
eight years in unparalleled prosperity,
and in conspicuous contrast with the
preceding four years of dire disaster
which attested the unwisdom of Demo
cratic doctrines in practice."
It expressed pride at being the first
State convention to select delegates to
the national . convention instructed to
vote for "that intrepid soldier, sound
and safe statesman and fearless advo
cate and exemplar of civic righteous
ness, the worthy successor of j the la
mented McKlnley, Theodore Roosevelt."
It paid tribute to "our lamented lead
er, Marcus A. Hanna," and to the late
Dr. Carl Swensson. It pledged the
party not to relax interest In the wel
fare of the soldiers and sailors of the
republic. It asked the national con
vention for a "reaffirmatlon of the good
old policy of protection (bo potent hith
erto in promoting prosperity), with only
such modifications from time to time
as the wisdom of its friends may dlc-
INDORSES FOREIGN POUCT.
presence of the majority of these delegates hers
to-day is. in my Judgment, the product of
seed sown and standards raised all over the
fair land by the greatest President of the
greatest nation In the world to-day.
Theodore Rooeevelt demands a higher stand
ard of morals, lnteerlty and eeneral qualifica
tion In public service than any President in
' recent yeurs.
ftooseveltism. as I understand it. would con
demn as the worst of crimes all traffic In pub
lic o/flce, Dadded payrolls and profit of every
kind by State officers at the expense of the
people.
RooFeveltism demands ab«olut« loyalty,
fidelity and faithful service from public ser
vants to their employers.
An employe of the State ¦who becomes a
lobbyist Jn the interest of some measure be
fore the Legislature which Is calculated tn
benefit some person or persons at the expense c.
the peeple of the State he is serving is Kulltr
of treason and should be forever disqualified
from holding public office. ... ,
Public officers are employes. AH their time,
energy and ability are paid for and belong to
thtlr I employer*. When the public demands
of her employes the same fidelity, loyalty and
faithful service that is required by the busl
ne«s world, then and not before .will public af
fairs be conducted on. a business basis.
The object of this movement Is to give to
Kansas an honest, patriotic, business-like
State tovernment. Now that the battle Is
over It remains for Mr. Hoch and his asso
ciates to show the people of Kansas that they
not only have the disposition but the ability
to make good the reform promised. .
PMTFORM IS ADOPTED.
LAUDS THE PRESIDENT.
He said In part:
The movement which is responsible for the
WICHITA. Kans.. March 9.— The Re
publican State convention nominated
a State ticket to-night and passed
resolutions strongly indorsing the ad
ministration of President Roosevelt.
The nomination of E. W. Hoch for
Governor was made by acclamation.
In accepting the nomination Hoch said
that he would cherish no resentment
toward those who had differed ' with
him in the preliminary contest and
would go Into the office, if elected,
"bearing.no legacy of grudges from
this preliminary contest." He reviewed
the history of the Republican party,
pointing to its achievements and prais
ing its leader. President Roosevelt.
The Taylor Auditorium was crowded
to its doors when Chairman Morton Al
baugh called the convention to order.
W. R. Stubbs, leader of the anti-ma
chine movement, was made temporary
chairman. He was escorted to the
platform amid applause. He delivered
an address in which he scored the old
machine men and applauded the ef
forts of the party to throw off bossism.
M. F. Tarpey of the Democratic Na
tional. Committee and leader of the
Hearst forces in California, has open
ed headquarters in the Grand Hotel.
The Harbor Commissioners yester
day elected former Registrar of Voters
W. A. Brown as wharfinger to suc
ceed D. C. McGanney, at Washington
street wharf. There is gossip to the
effect that Brown was recommended
by the "organization," whatever that
may mean. The statement is also
made that McGanney is. a Republican
and a capable wharfinger.
There will be a dinner under the
auspices of the Union League, Club of
San Francisco in the Maple room of
the Palace Hotel next Saturday even
ing. Acceptances to the number of 200
are already listed. In a certain sense
the dinner is to be wide open to good
Republicans, as each member of the
league is privileged to invite two
guests. It is expected that campaign
oratory of the best style will enliven
the occasion. Many eloquent speakers
have consented to talk.
It is quite probable that John Jacob
Luchsinger, postmaster of Vallejo, and
George W. Reed of Oakland will be
selected as delegates to represent the
Third Congressional District.
1 Lieutenant Governor >Alden Ander
son, president of the State League of
Republican Clubs, has called for a
meeting of the executive committee of
the league. Arrangements will be made
to-morrow or the next day for the
biennial convention of the organiza
tion. Tt is the general talk that the
Republican State Convention will be
called to meet at Sacramento on
Wednesday, May 18, and that the bi
enniaT meeting of, the Jeague clubs
will take place on Monday and Tues
day, May let and 17.
It Is the Judgment of party leaders
that the several Congressional dis
tricts are invested with authority un
der the call of the national committee
to select their own delegafes. The
primary election law of California,
however, provides how delegates tq all
nominating conventions must be chosen
in the cities of San Francisco, Los An
geles, Oakland, Sacramento, San Jose.
San Diego, Stockton, Alameda, Berke
ley, Fresno, Pasadena and Vallejp.
The law bearing on the subject reads:
"In the year 1904, and every four years
thereafter, a primary election shall be
held in the territory and political sub
division's where the provisions of this
chapter are mandatory or In force, on
the first Tuesday in the month of May,
for the purpose of choosing delegates
to State and district conventions to
select delegates to a national conven
tion."
Intelligence comes from Alameda
County, the home of statesmen ami
the Eden of office holders, that Repub
lican leaders of the Third Congres
sional District have decided to respect
the law. Harmony with a big H per
vades the zone. The story comes that
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf steps
aside to give Governor George C. Par
dee the right. of way as a candidate for
delegate at large. There is a general
impression that the State convention
will not make special haste to select
the holders of high office to represent
the party in the National Convention
at Chicago.
A meeting of the executive commit
tee of the Republican State Committee
will be held to-morrow evening at the
Union League Club. Next Saturday
In Golden Gate Hall at 2 p. m. there
will be -a meeting of the entire State
committee. The* executive body to
morrow night will frame a call for a
State convention of the party to select'
delegates to the National Republican
Convention. Four delegates at large
and two -from each Congressional dis
trict, making a delegation of twenty,
will constitute California's representa
tion in the national convention of
the Republican party. Some questions
touching the confirmation of Congres
sional district delegates may. be dis
cussed at the meeting of the State
committee next Saturday. The call
framed by the executive committee will
doubtless be adopted by the general
committee.
Goyernoi>— E. W. HOCH.
Lieutenant Governor — DA-
Vip.IIAXXA.
Secretary of . State— J. R.
BURROWS.-
Auclltor^SETH G. WELiIiS.
/Attorney ?: General — C. C.
coleman::v^ '-.'; ; ;.'
"Treasurer —.THOMAS T.
KEIiLY^ >V^ ? (:':V ¦' *' '
' Superintendent , of Insurance
—CHARLES LULIXG.
Superintendent of Public In
struction—.1. LC DAYHOFF.
Judge of 'Supreme Court (four
years)— CLARK A. SMITH.
Judge of Supreme Court (sL*
years) — \V. R. SMITH.
Judge of Supreme Court (six
years) — E. \V. CUNNINGHAM.
Six delegates at large to the
national convention were elect
ed.
E. W. Hoch Is Nominated for
Governor by Acclamation
and Makes a Short Speech
THE NOMINEES.
Plans Maturing for the Next
Biennial Meeting of the
League of California Clubs
NAMES A FULL TICKET
CALL FOE CONVENTION
Republican State Convention
of Kansas Indorses the
National Administration
State Central Committee of
the Party Will Meet iri
TMs City Next Saturday
REPUBLICANS
TO THE FRONT
GIVES PRAISE
TO ROOSEVELT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1904
16
Women should think of Hale's and
Buy New Skirts
To-day.
Here are new walking skirts (some even at $2.95) and
dress styles. ¦ See how different they are, hew well they are
made and the way they are trimmed* Then look at the prices.
Here's where the surprise comes. First:
Walking Skirts at $2.95
of melton suiting fixed up with self bands thnt are stitched and
run over the hips and down the front forming a panel; the straps are nnisnod
with buttons, tailor stitching around the edge: blacks and blues. It s a serv-
iceable sltirt. one you will want for street and spring wear; *2.3o today.
AT 93.iK» is a walking skirt of homfspun. ThP P)rPSs SklftS
trimmed with bands and panel front. f " c , ,_\. .„' ,,„ „,„,*„
bUiek and a pr«t y g ra y ; ,3.95. : AT
AT 95.OO. another walking: skirt. It's of all skirt, each team trimmed with three
wool home spun with pleated front: one email stitched band* of taffeta. Black
ta of kilt effect. In a gray mixture. only; $5.00.
Another la a black melton, graduated AT f 5.OO is an alpaca ekirt. It's of a splen-
box nlrat* • Sico did material. «plen<1irf!y made, p.inM
at ««¦ ' ,; . _ , v effect, finished with silk stitched bands.
AT f G.75 a walking skirt of covert cloth. In b ,; ck cnly . $5 , ;(X
beautifully trimmed with stitched bands AT 9tl7S an n.^ed flare. Think of that.
and covered buttons. Here's one of a , j t - 9 a ' fi rrn , soft cheviot, finished with
mixed material, has a fancy oversklrt folds and tailor stitching^ blaclc only.
effect and a graduated flounce; $6.75. $6.73.
One Easter Hat
jjlllllll^ Picked from the thousands
To give you a better idea of the beauty, the
T ?«fiirt style and economy everywhere evident in this
Its r FIC6Q iD
One wouldn't think It under JS or $10, much less If you could see It In-
stead of the picture.
It's a lovely creation of alternating folds of white fluffy qhttton and white
horsehair braid forming the crown, and wide brim. It's simply trimmed, a
rose bough thick with pretty cream buds and foliago runs around the edg:* and
drops at the back of the hair. It's a hat some one will be proud to wear Easter
morning. J4.75.
There Is poetry to every line of It. In the price lies the prose.
Do you wonder women are buying their Easter hats now and at Hale's?
Silkoline8^cT 25c Waist Sets:
Second floor for this. Other silver things that are new.
Just two cases we were lucky to These sets are in that dull Dutch
get. . . finish with heads and flowers, new
It's 38 In. wide. The kind for book- patterns. 25c,
case curtains, couch coverings or com- ,-- c-.,*, n i.. «_ .n nr . lrrl | T n . ml-
forter coverings or for a home drape 28C .|,"5 Pi7" h ln snver *e ra y or °**-
of -any sort, in pretty flower designs _„ ?}*, ™ nnIsn -
and other patterns. It's rare for 50e Shirt waist pin sets. 4 in set. Dutch
quick selling to-day at 8 l-3c. fi^S ha 3? d flnish ,' silver-gray, ox-
3 idlzed and enameled, all neat and
pretty designs.
New Art Braids : 25c t s eVn r " ns silver hat plqs> n * w *•*¦
fust here by express. 23c Sterling silver Xethersole brace-
, . . ... V, . ., lets for the baby.
14 novelties in silk draw braids,
open lace effects, or solid. Here
they are in white, cream, Arabian, tf&jBfcdffl^*^ jffl fft . „-,
Battenberg braids in white, cream e^—j^vo7%rt. nr^nryu'^^'^
and Arabian, all numbers, at 25c for - -^^— ¦ ¦ ~ """^^
New collar and cape patterns, too. Market Street, Near Sixth
HALE'3.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
And gentle anointings
with CUTICURA
OINTMENT, purest
and sweetest of emollients
and greatest of skin cures.
It means instant relief and
refreshing sleep for tor-
tured, disfigured, itching,
and burning babies, and
rest for tired, fretted
mothers, when all else
fails.
8old throuhont the world. CaUeura Rmo1»»o!. Me.
/In form ot Chocolata Coated Pills, 23e. per »i»l of ft)),
Ointment, Me., Soap, 25c. Depota; London. 27 Charter-
home Sq. ; Parin, S itue de la I'alx ; Borton, 137 Colun»b«u
Are. Potur Drug * Chem. Corp.. Sole Proprietor!.
mm Sand tat "Uow ta Cor* Kreiy Humor.' 1
Milk Crust
Scalled Head
and Eczema
Instantly ReliBved & Speedily
Cured by Baths wltli
Ill * wa PH H ffifl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SALE'S.
SMUG SSr^ \ CONCAVE
FITTING „_} SHOUCOEP
I EL ON6ATEO \J/ I
CONCAVE SHOULDER
ELONGATED LAPEL
SNUG FITTING COLLAR
Are the Distinguishing Points of Our Garments
*For this week only we are of- In every particular they are
faring a wonderful $14.00 suit excellently tailored garments—
which embodies all these points. have the wear and appear -
Made of the newest fabrics in ance of much higher priced
the latest shades. clothes.
Orders Mailed This Week Filled at This Price
. . . .
MILL TO MAN
S16-5I5 MARKET ST.m^merv
w _„ „ „_. . *
¦JrKiJP^Mrfl Daft f/^^ §S3sEBu3n
39STOCXTOIT STSEXT.
Telephone Main 6522.
HERB IS OUR
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square ... .35c
Res- 40c. Our butter salea ar« making
us hosts of friends.
FANCY RANCH EGGS, per dozen.... 20c
The very best.
SANTA CLARA PRUNES, per Ib 5c
Good size, excellent quality. R«r. T%e.
California Petit Pots, .can 15c, doz S1.70
Reg- COc and $2.00
Code Port wood' 9 selected peas.
FORCE, 2 pkgs for 25c U
Rae. 13c each. \
CANNED SHRIMPS.. 1's 10c. 2'$ 20c can
Excellent for salad. Re». .15c - 25c.
Graham Flour, Rye Flour, Whola Wheat
Floor, Yellow or White Coromeal, in
10-lb sacks 25c
All fresh from the mill. Reg. 20e and Sic
FINNAN HAODIE, par Ib ..15c
A seasonable delicacy ¦ Reg. 20c
CALIFORNIA CHEESE, per Ib ." 15c
Full cream. -Reg- 20c
CORN STARCH, 4 pkgs for 25c
Archer's Liberty Brand. Rej. 3 for 25c.
DOOR MATS, special 45c, 60c, 70c, 85c
Regr. 60c. 75c. S3c. $1.00.
A necessary article these days.
MELLWOOD BOURBON. per bot 75c, gal $3
. Spring, 1S94. Reg. $1.00 and $4.00.
ASTOR RYE, per bot 90c
Spring. 1SD0. R«j. $1.25
CABINET COCKTAILS, per bot 75c
Re?. $1.00. "Whisky. Maniattaa, Mar-
tini. Vermouth and Gin.
MEDOC Pt».Derbot3Oc.do*S3
..... atltPerl)ot50Ciaox$s
Evariste. Duixmt & Co.. Bordeaux A
Special low price to Introduce this wlna. f
WHITE WINE, per gal..... 40c '
Reg. 80c.
Try thla as a substitute for tea or code*.
Free demonstration of M. J. B. Coffee.
|tf Chocolates WS
I Given Away Free I
a Teas, Coffees, Spices |
I Baking Powder |
I It Pays to. j
I Trade at '
| Great American Importing Tea Co's ¦
| Stores g
¦ 861 Market 210 Grant mv. HID Polk ¦
a 140 Sixth 1319 Devisadero 705 Larkin I
9 475 Haisht 30C6 Sixteenth E55 Hayei *
a 8285 Mission 621 Montg'y are. 62 Market •
B 200S Fillmore 2518 Miasioa 146 Ninth ~
g 366 Third 2732 34th 453 Fourth Vi
rtviaiT DR. JORDAN'S great £
dHUSEUEi OF AaflTQEY$
\ C"f Tht Ur;c« Aiutouiol Mu.cum in ihf \
Q /!?5fesk World. Weaknesses or *, iy romnciert A
i -k:w} due»ve •"•"•••••••y«»r»d!. y the okl»»t Y
O lS«l '•twciaiisioBtieCoiK. Eujftjam O
A fljgj DR. JOROAN-Q'ScASES 07 MEN A
\ 5<52*j)3 CoMulntion free and inictly priT»t- \
Q i J&gt J T'«in>^i personally nr by leiter. A fl
\ fl a M ft ***"••• <? " r »"»«»ery caseaadettaiea. T
fir 9 110 Wn» for Bwk. rBILOIOPB Y *f A
\ S ll* «»¦•»*•*«•:.• mailio ***», f A P
A & ip valuable book (or m^n) \
V DB. JOBD1H * CO.. lost Market S»..Sl r V
1 B'^^^^^^^B^^^X^^^^^'^^'^^vj^Q^
j UNDERWEAR DEFT.
1 Attractive Variety of Undergarments.
.V. The very newest ideas in women's underwear always find
iV j prominent showing here. The most approved patterns, the
.j\ daintiest trimmings, best quality of materials and the rea-
*" \ sonable prices are characteristic of the display. We sustain our
/*%X reputation for carrying the most complete and representative'
\ift$'\-i-'-i. stock of hand and : machine made
«^S«fi^r^EB3?iSS*^^ garments in San Francisco' by con-
%ifr£i^$^^ZttR*%\ stantly adding new creations from
/IV-^VW @f*&M\ I'»ropc_aml our own workrooms.
I |U«^f&dif MM \ We ..illustrate an "xceptionally
I \ WWZtWWffl&P'**™^ \ ?ood Sown, the product of our
I F. ; " ? .: r \ rry!^J^£- \ own actor y; made of Lonsdale,
I It l'# W'\7 VI s * : sTVTUV \ \ bcst cambr 'c; guaranteed to be
I I 11 fl V I ; -I MVf I 1 in width and length and- sub--
I 1 U Ml I • f ¦'' 11 I I \ ' stantially made throughout; yoke
I 1 <fc I • S ' • : il 1/ I I composed of torchon lace, blind -
/ a *P 1 1 I ! : |l lil embroidery and tucks; neck and
/ VJP M,] I ; k \ X/j- 1 sleeves edged with torchon lace;
I N'l JUi» : . • —L3 *¦/•¦¦¦ I y° kc back ' a11 sizes.- An «¦ nfl
r J]SrSi ; ¦ Sy^fc A unmatchable value for.. *l uu
-^rSfe^^^^fe^ 918-922 MARKET STREET - " ¦
*- ¦^"¦^^""¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦•¦¦¦¦iB^BSMBSBB^