VOLUME XCV— NO. 119.
CHEFTJ, March 27.— The Japanese have made another disastrous attempt to block the entrance to Port Arthur harbor. At 2 o'clock this morning four merchant vessels, escorted by torpedo
boats, approached the harbor. They were discovered by the Russian vessels on scouting duty, and as they drew near the Russian forts opened fire upon them, while a single Russian torpedo-boat dashed out
to attack. This torpedo-boat sank one of the merchantmen, and the remaining three were run aground. ]S T one succeeded in reaching the harbor entrance. The Japanese fleet, consisting of sixteen war
ships, remained off Port Arthur until daylight. Atdawn Admiral MarakofFs fleet went out .to. engage "Admiral Togo v but tlie latter withdrew, his fleet disappearing to the southward. It is said the crew of
one of the merchantmen was captured. The Russians lost seven men killed and thirteen wounded aboard the attacking torpedo-boat.
RENEWED ATTEMPT BY THE JAPANESE TO BLOCK
THE PORT ARTHUR CHANNEL ENDS IN DISASTER
\ Continued on Page 2, Cols. 5 and •.
Continued on Page 3, Column 4.
> Finally, when the building was freed
of ¦ people, two; women and .two girls
were found on the floor. badly hurt. The
injuries ¦ of- the others ;were ; slight. '¦ No
reason for any .one giving an alarm i of
fire could be discovered. '¦ _ '¦,.•; •
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March; 27.— A
panic occurred' at the morning: service
in St. Michael's; Italian^€hurch' i here
to-day, in • which. almbst r a'scofejof»per
sons were , injured." . ' Four men, „ two
women and two children ''were' seriously;
hurt. .; ¦'¦' -'. . ¦¦¦;¦¦ • /.- >'¦'¦ .¦ ' .-. ¦¦ - :
During prayer some one In . the- con
gregation shouted "Fire.",- Immediately
the worshipers arose and rushed\for the
door at the rear, the only, exit.; Women
and children were trampled and dragged
along the % floor 7 , by -others j in', their en
deavor, to get out of the building.! Spme
one sent in a fire alarm, and with" great
difficulty, the firemen succeeded in : forc
ing back the-struggling'nVass that had
become wedged in^the: doorway. : -. , ,* :
Cry of "Fire" iGauses
Disaster to - :
vflurciL
"Next day the civil and State author
ities forbade me the use of the town
hall on the pretense that ' I insulted
King Edward, having said that he with
other e'arthly potentates had no religion
to spare.
"I expect. to leave as arranged,.. All
the powers of evil are linked together*
• nlna> III. PriV far US all." "
"ADELAIDE, March 26.— Repeat to
gether the ninety-first Psalm. Halle
lujah. I have been holding meetings
in the town hall this week.. Two hun
dred hoodlums got in some way or other
before the meeting and others came in
late. A few ticket holders got in by
chance. _ Thousands were in the rab
ble outside. A great riot ensued. The
police fought bravely and'held the plat
form for an hour. .
"I was forced to discontinue . the
meeting and went to the home of a
friend in the suburbs, escorted, by
mounted trocrpers. The mob damaged
the York Hotel. Later they hunted in
the suburbs for me and damaged the
houses of relatives, breaking windows,
etc. ¦ : ;'-V '¦:':<:¦¦ •- ;
WAUKEGAN, 111., March 27.—
DowJe's cabled report of his trip in
Australia, read at the close of this aft
ernoon's services in Shiloh Tabernacle,
Zion City, was the most exciting thus
far received^ His followers listened
with bated breath as Overseer Speicher
read a long account of rioting, and
went home much excited. It was as
follows:-.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Intefurban" cars are running only over
portions , of , the " roads r • of Grand
Rapids. . The city. electric lighting sta
tion is entirely cut off 'and the city is
in jdarkness. Many .of .-.he . West Side
churches' are surrounded by water and
were" unable to .hold services to-day.
All schools on the West Side must close
temporarily. ' .
Conditions at Ionia, Lowell, Portland
and other points along the Grand River
are • slightly improved : to-night, the
water ' having begun to f-»ll. . These
towns are practically isolated, 'by
; The inhabitants of flooded houses are
suffering greatly from cold and lack of
food. , A ,vast' amount of sickness will,
it is f eafed, % follow the exposure sus
tained by many of the flood victims.
The work of rescuing inhabitants of
the. 'flooded houses continued all day, a
squad" of local militia assisting ' the
rescuers. It is estimated that the loss
of property and damage to business on
account of the flood will exceed $2,000,-
OOO.y Fifteen men will- be un
able to work to-morrow; owing to fac
torlesibeing compeUedto close. '
GRAJCD RAPIDS, March 27.—Condi
tions in this city and nearby towns
along the Grand River are very grave
to-night, 'as a" result of the unpre
cedented flood. At 9 o'clock to-night the
river gauge here was three feet above
the previous high water record, that
of 1844. -, The , water, has risen six inches
since 6 'o'clock last evening. It is fall-
Ing slightly to-night, however, the drop
In ; temperature having checked the
email streams and surface drainage.
WORSHIP
IS ENDED
BY PANIC
Elijah's Life in Peril
in the Town of \
Adelaide.
Rising Rivers in Two
States Terrify/
Families.
RUSSIAN FI-OTILLA COMMANDER
AND VIEW. ILLUSTRATING FAIL- I
URE OF: JAPANESE COUP. ,
AUSTRALIA
MOB HUNTS
FOR D0WIE
RESCUERS
SAVE LIFE
IN FLOODS
The Japanese cruisers which supported the attack exchanged
shots with the batteries and then drew off, after which Vice Ad
miral Makaroff took a steam launch and examined the fireships.
V,v /An hour later the Japanese torpedo flotilla, followed by Vice
Admiral Togo's fleet, came up from a southerly direction. Just at
daybreak Vice Admiral Makaroff with his fleet sailed out to en
gage the enemy, but after the ships and batteries had fired a few
long-distance shots, Vice Admiral Togo decided to decline the
issue and disappeared to the southward.
The news of the repulse of Vice Admiral Togo's second at
tempt to block Port Arthur created much rejoicing in the Russian
capital, and among all classes the gallantry of the Silni and her
commander is the subject of high praise; but above all the moral
effect of Vice Admiral Makaroff's willingness to engage the
enemy," showing that he considered himself strong enough to fight,
produced a splendid impression.
. In high official circles this new effort to "bottle up" the Rus
sian fleet is' looked 'pon as meaning only one thing, namely, that
the Japanese, as stated by the press on March 24, are now prepar-
ST. PETERSBURG, March 27.— Under cover of darkness
this morning Vice Admiral Togo made another desperate at
tempt to bottle up the Russian fleet in Port Arthur, but he failed
again, and when, after daylight, Vice Admiral Makaroff steamed
out to give battle, the Japanese commander refused the challenge
and sailed away.
The Japanese practically repeated the tactics of February 24
by sending four ships, preceded by a torpedo-boat flotilla, with
the exception that the merchant ships this time were armed with
Hotchkiss guns for the purpose of keeping off the Russian tor-
The enemy's attempt was discovered by means of the shore
searchlights and a heavy fire was opened from the batteries and
from two gunboats which were guarding the entrance to the har
bor. The Russian torpedo-boat destroyer Silni was outside on
scouting duty and to the dash and nerve of her commander, Lieu
tenant Krinizki. is chiefly due the complete defeat of the plans of
the Japanese. He at once made straight for the oncoming ships,
under a hail of fire from the. Hotchkiss guns, and torpedoed the
leading ship, which sheered off, followed by the others, three of
them being piled up on the shore under Golden Hill and one un
der the lighthouse. The Silni then engaged the entire six tor
pedo-boats of the enemy, coming out from a terrific fight with six
killed and her commander and twelve of her complement wound
ed^ but on the Japanese side only one boat's crew was saved. In
addition, according to unofficial reports, it is believed the Japanese
lost two torpedo-boats.
MUCH REJOICING IN THE RUSSIAN CAPITAL.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 27.— An official dispatch from
Port Arthur to the Emperor says that at 1 o'clock this morning
the Russian searchlights disclosed four big merchant steamships
making for the entrance of the harbor, supported by six tor
pedo-boats. A heavy fire was opened on them by the batteries and
some warships.
The torpedo-boat Silni, commanded by Lieutenant Krinizki,
turned the merchant vessels from their course by blowing up the
prow of the first and then boldly attacking the enemy's torpedo
boats. In the fierce fight which followed Chief • Engineer
Swyereff of the Silni and six marines were killed and the com
'mander and twelve men were wounded.
The Japanese plan to block up the entrance to Port Arthur
was frustrated, however, and the channel is still clear.
MAKABOFF'S REPORT OF THE ENGAGEMENT.
Vice Admiral Makaroff, commanding the Russian naval
forces at Port Arthur, has sent the following telegram to the Em
"I beg most humbly to report that at 2 o'clock this morning
the enemy made a second attempt to block up the entrance to the
inner roadstead. For this purpose they dispatched four large
merchant steamers convoyed by six torpedo-boats, to the entrance.
"The enemy's ships were promptly discovered by the search
lights and were bombarded by the batteries and by the guardships
Bohr and Otvajny.
"Fearing the enemy's ships might break through Lieutenant
Krinizki, commanding the guard torpedo-boat Silni, attacked the
enemy and destroyed the bow of the foremost Japanese, steamer
with a torpedo. This steamer turned to the right and was fol
lowed by two others, with the result that the three were stranded
to the right of the entrance. A fourth steamer went to the right
of the enemy's ships and likewise sank to the side of the fairway.
The Silni then battled with the enemy's six torpedo-boatsl En
gineer Artificer Swyereff and six seamen were killed and the
commander and twelve seamen were wounded.
GOES OUT TO ENGAGE JAPANESE FLEET. ; :
"At daybreak the enemy's battleship and cruiser squadrons
appeared and I proceeded with the fleet under my charge to meet
the enemy.
"The second attempt to block the entrance to Port Arthur has
failed, thanks to the energetic defense by the sea and land forces,
who" acted as they did during the first attempt.
"The harbor remains perfectly clear."
The following dispatch has been received from General
S^mirncff :
"PORT ARTHUR, March 27.— Last night, after moonrise,
the Japanese attempted to block the entrance to the harbor. Four
Togo Retires When Makaroff
Sails Out to Fight.
Russians Sink Four Vessels
Off Harbor Entrance.
Continued on Pace 2, Cols. 2 and 3.
THE San Francisco CALL
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MARCH 28. 1 004.
t? {ft _: -
.Alewaf— "ParsifaL 1 *
Ca2f ornia — Anna Eva Fay.
Central — "The Hostler.
Columbia — "Harriet 'a Honey
moon.™
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Pischer's — "Kismet."
Orphettm — Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Mr. Pickwick."
Orand — "Sedda Gabler."
\ .\ X fATC
\T£B WEATHSa | £
\ <s " *"^^*»u*-—
clsco for tMftr' -liouri^eadiajf
Sta rrancisco and vicinity—
Baia Monday; fresh to brisk
southerly wind. •
O. H. WII.I.SOK.
Local Forecaster.'CHEFU, March 27.— The steamship
Active has - arrived 'here from Kobe,
Japan. She reports that on the; 25th
instant. she passed a.' fleet of Japanese
transports, convoyed by cruisers, in the
Inland Sea. They were bound for
Korea.".-. *>*;¦;.'.;¦ '¦•-"- : : ¦ .,-" ¦¦ : '¦¦-"¦
Passes Japanese Transports.
: HAMBURG, March 27.— According
to a dispatch received here there
ninety killed, including thirteen ': whi te
persons, in the tornado that caused
ruin throughout.the island of Reunion
on March 21 and 22.'
Tornadb Ends Ninety Lives.
, According to a dispatch from the
Seoul correspondent .of the London
Daily Chronicle, published on March 14,
General Ijichi visited the Korean "War
Office and intimated that ¦ he had been
appointed Us ; adviser, but the authori
ties declined to recognize him as such. ;
The committee of Peers also approv
ed all bills, relating to war taxes as
amended by the. lower house. The prin
cipal amendments are the exclusion of
the' tax on silk and the abandonment
of the Government plan for the crea
tion of A salt monopoly.
The committee investigating the case
of Editor Akiyama has reported that It
was unable to find any. clears evidence
that. Akiyama was a ; Russian spy, but
that Akiyama's newspaper showed that
he was prepared to sacrifice.. the na
tional interest . for private gain. . The
committee recommended that'Akiyama
TOKIO. March 27.— The lower house
ff Parliament has amended the to
hacco monopoly bill by increasing the
compensation clause from a sum equal
ling three years* income' to a sum
equalling the amount of sales for three
years. The Minister of Finance op
posed the amendment and it was ex
pected that the Government would
take strong ground a^rainst it in the
House of Peers. This belief, however,
proved unwarranted as to-day the
committee of the House of Peers hav
ing the problem in charge formally ap
prove-3 the measure as amended and It
Is now evident that the bill will pass
the upper house and become a law in
Its present form.
T0KI0 MINISTRY'S
WAR TAX BILLS
ARE AMENDED
Another view of the Japanese admiral's purpose, which is less
entertained, is that he believes that bombardments from Pigeon
Bay would be disastrous to the Russian fleet if it were compelled
to remain in the harbor, he having ascertained from observation
that the Russian ships always pass out during the high angle bom
bardments and that a big shell dropped on a battleship could easily
pierce the deck, and, exploding, might completely destroy it.
ing for a heavy landing of troops in the Gulf of Liaotung, either
at Newchwang or on the west coast of the Manchurian neutral
zone, to effect which in safety the immobilition of Vice. Admiral
Makaroff's fleet is absolutely essential while the transports are be
ing convoyed around the southern end of the peninsula. If the
attempt had succeeded it would have required several days at least
to blow up the steamships and clear away the wreckage, during
which time the Japanese would be assured of non-interference in
the carrying out of their purpose. The failure of the Japanese
this morning may seriously hamper their plans, as the ice in the
Liao River is going out, and when the river is fre^ from ice its
mouth can easily be mined.
The conviction continues to grow here that the Japanese
have concluded that it would be inadvisable to make a direct
frontal attack ion Manchuria from Korea against the whole Rus
sian, army and that it would be necessary to land a flanking
column in the Gulfof Liaotung to divide the attention of the Rus
sians, and, if possible,- to seize the railroad and cut off Port Ar
thur. The ground above Newchwang is perfectly familiar to the
Japanese, having used it for a year during the Chino-Japanesc
War. ';
Some experts even go so far as to express the belief that Vice
Admiral Togo was covering the movement of troops in the Gulf
of Liaotung this morning and that, therefore, he was compelled to
exercise great caution and to decline the Russian offer for an en
gagement.
Continued from Page 1, Cols. 6 and 7.
TOGO RETIRES FROM THE FRAY
¦ "Owing to the heaviness of our artillery fire and the boldness
of our torpedo-boats the fireships did not reach the entrance to the
harbor. Two of them grounded on a reef- under Golden-Hill ; an
other sank beyond the. first turn of the channel, struck by a tor
pedo from one of our boats, and the fourth sank, its bows touch
ing a Japanese steamer. sunk in the previous attempt off Majat
schnaja Goroda. ' • . .
"The entrance to the harbor, remains clear. .
"A Hotchkiss one-inch caliber quick-firer was found aboard
one of the sunken steamers, from which a fire had been kept up
on cur torpedo-boats. . fc
"A boat left each of the sunken ships, carrying their crews.
One of these is believed to have been picked up.
"Toward 4 o'clock this morning the. enemy's torpedo-boats
retired and the bombardment ceased.
•Vice Admiral . Makaroft at once proceeded in a steam
launch to inspect the enemy's sunken steamers.
TOGO DECLINES THE CHALLENGE TO BATTLE.
"The enemy's torpedo-boats reappeared at 5 o'clock this
morning.' They were sighted south of Port Arthur and the bat
teries reopened on thernl Toward 6 o'clock the enemy's squadron
appeared on the horizon and our ships" steamed out to meet it. At
6 130 the batteries opened fire. Our ships and batteries soon ceased,
the Japanese drawing off to the southeast, evidently declining an
other At 10 o'clock they disappeared."
p" It was rumored here" during the day that the torpedo-boat
Silni had been sunk' during the engagement, but the official re
ports-do not bear, this "out. According: to the early rumor, it was
believed the Silni could be raised and repaired. The loss of life
aboard the Silni is attributed to the fire of the Hotchkiss gun
aboard' the foremost-Tnerchantman,which'probably ; raked the deck
; of the torpedo-boat at close range.
FAIL TO REACH HARBOR ENTRANCE.
fireships were sent toward the port, convoyed by a torpedo flotilla.
Toward 2:15 a. m. the approach of the enemy's ships was per
ceived by the guardships and batteries, which simultaneously
opened upon them heavily. The fireships were preceded by torpedo
boat? and followed at a considerable distance by the larger ships,
which opened fire on the forts, supporting the action of the fire
ships and the torpedo-boats.
Continued from Page 1, Cols. 1 and 2.
Charles Lyons notifies the public that
in response to numerous applications he
has had Landseer's celebrated painting
of the lion engraved, size 43x28 inches,
which may be obtained at his stores. 721
Market street or 122 Kearny. Free to
customers; ten cents to others; fifteen
cents by mall. • *
South African Lions.
RUSSIANS SINK FOUR VESSELS
ALGIERS, March 27.— The Russian
torpido boat destroyer Buihl, while en
tering this port to-day, went aground
and sustained extensive damages. The
vessel must be docked.
Russian Destroyer Disabled.
WASHINGTON, March 27.—Informa
tion received at the Navy Department
to-day from Admiral Wise . at Guan
tanamo indicates that the Morales
Government is making headway in the
revolutionary movement in Santo Do
mingo, the admiral reporting that It la
now in possession of all the ports of
the island, except the small one of
Monte Cristi on the north coast.
Reports Indicate That it Is In Pos
session of | All the Principal
Ports.
FORTUNE IS FAVORING
MORALES' GOVERNMENT
TOKIO, March 28.— The Emperor to
day donated 100,000 yen to the Soldiers'
Relief Society. Counts Matsugata and
Inouye. promoters of the society, w r ho
had an audience with the Emperor,
were given the donation.
General Sir William Nicholson,.' di
rector general of military intelligence
of the British War office, has arrived
here. General Nicholson will accom
pany the Japanese army for the pur
pose of making a special study of the
methods of transportation.
Captain Troubrldge, the British nav
al attache, has departed for London.
United States Minister Allen is exert
ing pressure to obtain the release of
the miners' specie train, as the delay
is causing embarrassment. The Korean
laborers will not accept bullion in pay
ment for their services, while the rice
merchants demand specie.
A part/ of persons at Chemulpo, In
cluding the bride of Dr. Stryker, the
physician of the miners* hospital, is at
Chemulpo desiring to go to Unsan,
where the mines are located, but has
been advised to wait, as Allen cannot
guarantee the safety of the women.
Letters received from the American
rrissionarles at Pingyang and other
points in the north Indicate that they
are allowed to continue their work un
molested, w
SEOUL, Korea. March 27.— The
American miners in North Korea find
themselves in a most difficult position.
Their ability to continue work, not
withstanding the outbreak of hostili
ties, is dependent upon their strictly
minding their own business and exer
cising great caution to avoid offending
either of the combatants. They have
practically ceased sending out any pri
vate correspondence in the fear that
some chance expression therein might
bn construed into evidence of partial
ity.
MIKADO MAKES
LARGE DONATION
TO RELIEF FUND
TIENTSIN, March 27.— At noon to
day the Russians proclaimed New
chwang under martial law.
It is learned upon reliable official
authority that the rumors of dissatis-.
faction arid mutiny among' the Chinese
imperial " troops on the border, whlcn
have been current for several days, are
absolutely unfounded.
Colonel Muenthe, of Viceroy Yuan
Shi Kai's staff, who was sent to Port
Arthur ten days ago to remove the
Chinese from that city, returned to
Tientsin yesterday, having satisfactor
ily terminated his refugee mission.
The trifling man never attends to
great trifles.
AMERICANS FACE
SERIOUS SITUATION
IN NORTH KOREA
PROCLAMATION
OF MARTIAL LAW
AT NEWCHWANG
, After a farewell audience of the Em
peror, Marquis Ito was entertained at
dinner by his Majesty. The departure
of the Marquis and his party was at
tended by Korean officials and tne
diplomatists in Seoul.
During his stay here Marquis Ito was
shown distinguished consideration by
the Emperor of Korea and the Crown
Prince. His visit has resulter in reas
suring the people of Korea and in pav
ing the way for an extension of Japa
nese influence. At state functions Mar
quis Ito always advised deliberation
and gradual reform and that no in
crease be made in the Korean army,
and there is no question that the ad
vice of Japan will be accepted. The
mission of Marquis Ito has lessened
political i friction between Korea and
Japan, and it will make easier the task
of the Japanese advisers who ultimate
ly will officiate here. * # -
Korea will send a return mission to
Japan. The official to head this mis
sion has not yet ¦ been chosen, but the
Emperor desires that Yl Chi Ying, a
former/Minister of Foreign Affairs, be
selected for this post. Yi Chi Ying hes
itates to undertake the mission, fearing
to become too much identified with the
pro-Japanese party of Korea.
SEOUL, Korea, March 27.— Marquis
Ito and his suite left here to-day. Gen
eral Ijichi, who was formerly military
attache to the Japanese legation here,
did not accompany him.
IT0 SUCCESSFUL
IN HIS MISSION
TO KOREAN COURT
Strangers arriving in Japan are re
garded with suspicion and upon land
ing from steamships are followed by
detectives from the time they land un
til they depart. When leaving Yoko
hama the Indrapura sighted a fleet
of eight Japanese war vessels depart
ing, evidently for Port Arthur. One of
the Indrapura's officers said:
"Japan will win this fight, but when
she does the United States or England
will have to chastise her in turn, for
victory will render Japanese arrogance
unbearable.".
PORTLAND, Or., March 27.— The
Portland and Asiatic liner Indrapura
arrived here to-day from Japanese
ports with a full cargo of merchandise,
which includes exhibits for the rit.
Louis fair. She also brought S. Nagi
and Y. Shlmado, Japanese fair com
missioners, and forty-six Japanese pas
sengers. . ;
According to the officers of the Indra
pura, all white persons in the Far East
express confidence that ultimately
Japan will- defeat Russia. The patriot
ism of tile populace is described as be
ing intense. While the people hav?
little . real ; news of the. progress' of
events at the'* front, they are given tj
understand that the war is resulting
in a decided advantage to Japanese
arms and with this they are satisfied
to make every possible sacrifice.
The wealthier class in Japan have
tendered to the Government all their
earthly possessions to prosecute the
war, ' and in some cases nobles have
even pawned their jewels to raise
money to contribute to the war fund.
WHITES IN ORIENT
MARVEL AT JAPAN'S
WARLIKE SPIRIT
WASHINGTON. March 27. — Consul
General Watts, at St. Petersburg, has
informed the State Department that
W. von Ruckteschell, a Russian engi
neeer, has worked out and presented
to the Czar plans and' specifications for
the proposed Riga and Cherson canal,
which is to connect the Baltic with the
Black Sea, starting from Riga, a port
on the Baltic, and ending at Cherson,
a port on the Black Sea, a distance of
14C0 miles. The canal will cost about
$180,250,000 and is designed for ships of
heavy draft. It is to be 31% feet deep,
140 feet wide at the bottom and 256 feet
wide on the surface and the estimated
time of passage is seven days. A tow
path is to be built on one side of the
canal.
ST. LOUIS. March 27.— The Jury in
the case of United States Senator Bur
ton of Kansas, charged with illegally
accepting fees from the Rialto Grain
Company, had not reached a verdict
up to a late hour to-night. The jury
went out at 7:30 Saturday evening. Th<>
United States District Court was kept
open all day and court officials re
mained on duty to summon Judeto
Adams from his residence and have
court reconvened at any time the jury
might be ready to report.
During to-day and far Into the night
Senator Burton paced the corridors of
the Southern Hotel, anxiously awaiting
the verdict. He declined to discuss the
long deliberation by the Jury, simply
saying, as he turned away from those
who questioned: "I can't talk about it."
Long Deliberation of St. Louis Jury
¦\Vorrles the Man Accused of
Frauds.
SENATOR BURTON WAITS
* AXXIOUSIiY FOR VERDICT
President Moyer of the Western Fed
eration of Miners, who was arrested at
Ouray yesterday and taken to Telluride
on the charge of desecrating the flag,
is Etill in jail at the latter place.
News from Trinidad tells of the ar
rest of two Italians by a detachment of
militia because they would not tell of
the hiding places of several boxes of
fire arms that were shipped in since
martial law went into effect.
:_- The deportation of "Mother Jones,"
William Wardjon," Joseph Pagglni and
other strike leaders is the Bole topic
of discussion. President Mitchell of the
United Mine Workers of America has
been communicated with and it is ex
pected he will take some action to have
them all . returned to Trinidad under
permission of the military authorities.
DENVER, March 27.— Because of a
rigorous censorship In force at Tel
luride and Trinidad, where martial law
prevails, dispatches from those places
are considerably delayed. Information
arriving to-night indicates that condi
tions are quiet.
Strike Officials Protesting Against
Rigorous Actions of the
Military.
STRICT RULYES IX FORCE
AT 3IIXIXG CENTERS
PLANS FOR CANAL
TO CONNECT BALTIC
AND BLACK SEAS
IRKUTSK, March 27.— Prince Khil
koff, head of the Russian military rail
road communication, left yesterday
for St. Petersburg.
Prince Khilkoff Returning Home.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 27.— A
proclamation issued by the Chinese
Governor of Manchuria has been re
ceived here. It directs that all Chinese
in Manchuria shall observe neutrality
and attend strictly to business, and
particularly to refrain from damaging
railroad and telegraph lines. They also
are ordered to report any such attempts
immediately.
General Tshltshagoff, commanding
the railroad guard in Manchuria, has
forbidden persons to carry arms within
a strip sixty versts wide which the rail-
CHEFU. March 28. — Chinese junka,
which arrived here last night, report
that they nassed the Japanese fleet
yesterday Midway between here and
Port Arthur. The Japanese fleet was
going in an easterly direction.
Togo's Fleet Sailing Eastward.
ORDERS CHINESE
IN MANCHURIA TO
REMAIN NEUTRAL
Even from the meager advices' re
ceived in Washington it is evident that
Russia is maintaining a strict surveil
lance over <he operations and .tenden
cies of the Chinese army in the north
ern part of the empire. General Yuam
Shi Kai, the Chinese commander, Is
known to be a violent pro-Japanese
sympathizer, who introduced the sys
tem of instruction by Japanese officers
in the Chinese service. He is constant
ly suspected by Russia of working to
embroil China in the present war as
an active ally of Japan, despite the de
clared neutrality of China. Kussia
holds more grave fears than does any
other power of the danger of the viola
tion of Chinese neutrality.
Russia is extremely anxious to know
to what length the United States will
join with the other neutral powers in
enforcing the maintenance of neutral
ity by China., Secretary Hay, who ad
dressed all of the powers on the subject
of Chinese neutrality, was satisfied
with their adherence to the principle.
Therefore no- agreement was made to
take action should China threaten at
any future time to join in the war.
CALL. BUREAU. HOTEL, BARTON.
WASHINGTON, March 27.— Military
men here are now looking for more
rapid developments in the land cam
paign in the Far East. The firmness
with which Vice Admiral Makaroff ap
pears to be handling the Russian fleet
at Port Arthur, where the harbor is
shown to be still open, despite previous
reports that . it had been closed, has
caused an impression most favorable v to
Russian prestige.
General Kuropatkin's hurried Jour
ney toward Manchuria leads to the
general belief that when the natural
battle ground of Manchuria is released
from the grasp of winter the Russian
plan of campaign will become aggres
sive. *
Pp«:al Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, March 28.— The Matin's Har
bin correspondent says a rumor is v be
ing circulated there to the effect that
the war will last twenty years and
that it will not really begin before
September, the rains making July and
August unfavorable for military oper
ations.
"Despite China's protestations of
neutrality," the correspondent con
tinues, "General Ma persists in ad
vancing into Manchuria. If this move
ment is combine'd with the Japanese
operations the Russians will be obliged
to act against General Ma, who con
tinues to move northward, although
the Peking Government, it 1b under
stood, has ordered him to retire."
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Echo de Paris cables as follows:
"An officer of the naval general staff
informs me that the -\ four steamers
which the Japanese endeavored to sink
in the channel at Port Arthur on Sun
day morning were in excellent condi
tion and worth about $1,000,000. All the
Hotchkiss quick-firing guns aboard
them have been recovered. When the
steamers stranded Russian officers
promptly leaped aboard and cut the
electric wires which were intended to
fire the explosives."
The newspaoers poke fun at the
Japanese and say their admirals go on
bombarding Port Arthur just as a man
goes daily to his office to work.
Gli Bias quotes a. clairvoyant who
foretold the operation for appendicitis
upon King Edward and the postpone
ment of his coronation. She foresees
now that on March 29 the Japanese
will capture Eort 'Arthur; in April the
Japanese will win a great land battle,
in which both sides will lose heavily;
In May an international conflagration
threatens, and France, j England and
Germany will ,send ; '.. warships to Far
Eastern waters; in June the Nihilist
movement' will force Russia to seek
peace and a treaty between Russia and
Japan will be signed next Autumn.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Chinese General
Ma Continues
to Advance.
MUKDEN, March 27. — General
Kuropatkin arrived here to-day and
proceeded to the headquarters of
Viceroy Alexieff
ST. PETERSBURG, March 27. — It
is stated that General Kuropatkin
will remain at Mukden. The active
leader, so to speak — the SkobelefC of
the war — will be General Daniloff.
I am assured that the official of the
commissary department, who sold im
portant documents to the Japanese,
was hanged on Tuesday last in the
Schluesselberg prison as a traitor to
his country. His name was Irkoff.
The discovery of his treachery was
made in the following manner: Irkoff
had absented himself from his office,
the chief of which, on arriving there,
asked for a certain document. This
happened to be in the possession of
Irkoff. When told that the latter
was away the chief insisted, saying
the paper was important and Irkoff
must be found. Upon this a fellow
worker and friend of Irkoff was dis
covered, who said that one day when
Irkoff had left the key of his desk
at home he had loaned him his, at
Irkoff's request.
Daniloff to Com
mand Russians
in Field.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright,- 1004 by the New York Her
ald Publishing Company.
Kuropatkin Ready
to Begin Land
Operations.
SHANGHAI, March 27. — Trade re
turns of the Imperial Maritime Cus
toms for 1303 were published yester
day. Mr. * Morse, the statistical secre
tary, draws attention to the develop
ment of imports of cotton fabrics from
Japan, while British and American fig
ures show a serious falling off,
amounting under various headings to
between 11 and 40 per cent.
Imports of yarn show a decline of 50
per cent in English spinnings, while
Japanese Bpinnings show an Increase
of 60 per cent.
This result is principally due to the
direct trade between Japan and North
China. It is noteworthy that impom
of yarn, which in 13S2 represented not
more than 20 per cent of total cotton
Imports, are now 52 per cent.
BERLIN, March 26. — The most
elaborate and complete plans are now
In operation to. keep Emperor William
accurately informed of the war's pro
gress during his absence on his cruise
and his stay in Sicily. The* Emperor
took with him several huge maps of
the countries -and coasts involved in
the struggle and a boxful of little
paper fiags, with which to mark on the
maps the disposition of the Russian
and Japanese land forces and the lo
cation of their warships. In his suite
are two military officers, intimately
acquainted with the Russian fortifica
tions in the Far East and with the
structure and carrying capacity of the
Siberian Railway.
The Emperor's sympathies are alto
gether with the Russians and the re
verses they have met have made these
sympathies stronger, if possible. He
has an adamantine belief in the im
minence of the "yellow peril." He
says often:
"Europe will be confronted with
this peril if the nations of Europe do
not unite against it."
Intimate and frequent communica
tions are passing between the Em
peror and the Czar and the Russian
general staff has got valuable advice
from Berlin more than once. It is
hinted even that General Kuropatkin's
appointment as commander in chief
was at the Emperor's suggestion.
JAPAN IS MAKING
INROADS UPON OUR
FAR EAST TRADE
GERMAN KAISER
LENDS ADVICE TO
RUSSIAN EMPEROR
The Czar's attitude toward the people
is shown by the orders given to the
eoa< nman who drives the Imperial chil
dren. He has been Instructed that he
must sto;> when he sees anybody de
siring to present a petition. When the
carriage is stopped little Grand Duchess
O'ga arises, takes the petition, smiles
and brings the document home to her
father. While the heir-apparent was
driving the other-day a man rushed up
holding out a petition. A policeman
seized him, but the heir to the throne
ordered the coachman to halt, rebuked
the policeman and accepted the peti
tion.
The charming Orand Duchess Eliza
beth has succeeded in collecting enor
mous sums froca wealthy Moscow for
tho war fund.
The whole city is talking about the
recent midnight drive of the Czarina
around the capital. She does not limit
her perigrinations to the Nevski Pros
pect and fashionable thoroughfares, but
visits most of the suburbs, where the
appearance of the Imperial carriage,
with its beme^led coachmen and re
pplendent Cossack footmen, creates
admiration. The police are purposely
not warned of these expeditions, in
order to avoid anv appearance of pre
meditation. The Empress is always ac
ccnipaniod by her oldest sister. Grand
Touchers Elizabeth, who is a high favor,
ite with the Muscovites on account of
hr democratic ways.
Although the Neva is still frozen over
and the trees are bare, the sun shines
and the Russian capital is rapidly as
suming its spring garb, and the roads
in many places are clear of snow and
Ice. The ice in the Neva will go out
within a fortnight.
Th.% Xovosti gives Emperor William
credit for the prophetic realization of
thv! "yellow peril." .
The article concludes by urging the
powers to settle the Asiatic problem
once and for all hy apportioning terri
tory.
CZARINWS DEMOCRACY.
,-- There is much discussion in diplo
matic and official circles over the inti
mation that Great Britain, through the
n^w French entente, is seeking to ad
just hff- differences with Russia. The
Novosti. which has long been the lead
ing exponent of this idea, to-day edl
' torlally contends that there is no real
conflict of interests, and that nothing
ftut an ingrained mutual distrust keeps
the two nations apart. The Novosti
•goes further in jroposing a European
coalition under the auspices of Russia,
France and Great Britain to combat
the "yellow peril," and says:
"We have always maintained that a
# rrw tr!rle alliance would assure the
» balance of power, not only in Europe,
but throughout the world."
Viceroy sXlexieff. in a dispatch to the
/Em'peror from Mul:den, says:
, '"During an attack by the enemy's
' Bhlps on March 27 on the torpedo boat
Silni, one of the • latters steam pipes
(End her stearins gear were damaged,
l in consequence of which she was beach
ed near Golden Hill, but since then she
. has been refloated. The number of men
killed and wounded on the torpedo boat
hat not yet been ascertained.
"Shortly before 5:25 o'clock this
morning the enemy's torpedo boats
were sighted to the south of Port Ar
thur and the batteries opened fire on
them. Toward 6 o'clock the enemy's
Bciuadron appeared on the horizon.
Thirty batteries on Tiger peninsula
opened fire and our fleet steamed out
- of the harbor, the Bayan and the As
.kold leadinp. and also fired at the
enemy. Our fire, however, ceased in
view of the great distance of the
enemy's squadron.
"At S:15 o'clock our entire squadron
Jim d up in the roadstead. The Japan
• ese squadron drew off in a southeastern
: direction, evidently in order to avoid
giving battle, and toward 10 o'clock it
disappeared below the horizon."
CAPTURES CHINESE REGULARS
On apparently reliable authority it is
asserted that Vice Admiral Makaroff's
report of his reconnaissance of the El
liott Islands yesterday contained the
Startling statement that he had cap
turfd a junk filled with Chinese regular
troops which was being towed by a
Japanese gunboat.
A report from Vladivostok says that
a mine has been discovered under the
JV,rLref=s, *ujih wires leading to a Chi
nese house in the town.
ALKXIEFF SENDS REPORT.
"The inspections made show that the
eteamers utilized as lire ships were not
old. Th*>y were each of about 2000 tons
and were armed with light caliber
guns."
•'The torpedo-boat destroyer Silni,
vhich stranded on a reef in conse
quence of damage caused to her en
tines by one of the enemy"s shells,
v.as floated during the course of the
right* and entered the harbor, thanks
to the energy of her crew. Her com
mander, Lieutenant Krinizki, who was
Blight ly wounded in the arm, did not
quit his post. •
' "On the fire ships were infernal ma
chines, the wires connected with which
were cut. A floating mine was found,
bearing an infernal machine, but the
latter was successfully removed.
"I respectfully report that, the enemy
having withdrawn, I returned to the
harbor with the fleet.
ST, PETERSBURG. March 27.— A
late telepram to the Emperor from Vice
Admiral Makaroft, relating to this
rooming's victory, says:
resign his seat in Parliament. • The
house adopted the report and Akiyama
resigned. £
The Standard's correspondent at
Seoul says that since the fight at Che
mulpo over 7000 Japanese adventur
ers have arrived at Seoul in search
of employment.
LONDON, March 28. — A Times
correspondent, on a dispatch boat in
the Far East, reports having seen a
Russian squadron of five battleships
and cruisers thirty miles southwest of
Port Arthur on Saturday mornlngr.
steering for. Port Arthur, their ex
posed flank being: protected by a line
of torpedo ' boat destroyers.
The same correspondent wires on
Sunday, saying he saw the, Japanese
fleet leaving Port Arthur after the
fight of that morning, which he was
too late to witness. A close examin
ation of the vessels showed no signs
of their having any hard usage.
The correspondent remarks also
that the Russian ships are using Jap
anese coal, the- smoke of which can
be detected at from fifteen to twenty
miles distant, while the Japanese are
burning Welsh coal, which makes
little smoke.
road traverses. The order restricts the
operations of Chinese troops and pro
hibits the pursuit of Chinese bandits by-
Chinese militia, except with special per
mission. It appeals to the people to
assist the Russians in protecting the
road from injury.
Squadron Is Sighted Thirty Miles
Southwest of the Liaotung
Stronghold.
Modern Merchant Craft Used in
Futile Attempt to Block
the Harbor.
Admiral Togo has made another unsuccessful attempt to "bottle up" the Russian fleet at Port
Arthur. Four merchant steamships, convoyed by torpedo-boats, were sunk or driven ashore by the Rus
sians before reaching the entrance of the harbor. A Russian torpedo-boat, after sinking one merchant
man and turnlne the others from their course, gallantly engaged the Japanese flotilla. Seven of her marines
were killed and her commander and twelve men wounded. This torpedo-boat was so badly damaged that
6he erounded, but was afterward floated. On the merchantmen the Japanese had rapid-lire Hotchkiss
guns, with which they raked^the decks of the attacking Russian boat.
Following the failure *bl this attempt to block the harbor, which was made several hours after mid
night, Admiral Togo's fleet appeared at dawn on the horizon off Port Arthur. Admiral Makaroft* sailed out
with the Russian fleet to engage it, but the Japanese commander withdrew without accepting the chal
lenge. ,
Army men in Washington b elieve that with Commander in Chief Kuropatkin's arrival in Manchuria
Russia will assume the aggressive immediately. The firmness with which Admiral Makaroff Is handling
the naval situation at Port Arthur has greatly added to Russian prestige. Russia is closely watching the
Chinese military operations and believes that Yuan Shi Kai, the Chinese commander, 'will take a hand in
the war at the first fayorable opportunity. ;
The Call's St. Petersburg correspondent says that General Kuropatkin will remain at Mukden to di
rect the. Russian land operations, while General Dnniloff will assume active command In the field.
Martial law has been proclaimed at Xcwchwang. The mouth of the Liao River has been mined
and the Russians are hurrying other preparations to resist the Japanese attack, which is likely to be de
livered without much delay. - .
SUMMARY OF THE CALL'S WAR DISPATCHES.
INFERNAL MACHINES ABOARD
THE BROWN MEN'S FIRE-SHIPS
MAKAROFF'S SHIPS CRUISE
FAR FROM PORT ARTHUR
RUSSIA'S PORT ARTHUR FLEET ASSUMES THE AGGRESSIVE
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH' 2S, 1901.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take 'Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets." 'All
druggists refund the -money If it falls to cure.
&. W. Grove's sisnature Is on each box. 25c. •
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\at cut prices Jf
Tour negatives will be developed and
printed rtght If you let me do the worfc. I
know bow to do It. I'm properly equipped
for it. and am doing the bigtcest business of
this kind on the ccaat. Besides I met tha
pace in low prices.
DEVELOPING.
Rotl of six ....••.».. .10c.
Itoll of twelve .....15c
PRINTING.
Sollo finish 3c to 5c
Velox finish 3c to tie
Daylight- loading films In all popular
size* at my usually low prices.
Orders by mall promptly filled.
That Man Pitts
<F. W. PITTS). THE STATIONER,
1008 MARKET STREET.
Above Powell. San Franclsctx
\t\il4&tr popular! |e
jj' CLUETT PEABODY A CO. U
M CLUETT AND ARROW COLLARS H
»R.PIERCE'S
> MEDICAL \
DISCOVERS
TOR THE
BB.OOP.LlYER.LU?Wr;<r.l
jfcggp^yr MEJIANDWOME?!.
KJ&j&Sr&mZif^M Ci« Big ©for unnatural
Jggy hltti <it«.«3 discliariiM, Inflammation*.
ffXnf < M"^£? 4 » l"*»»iioo* or u'eemloni
fr -ff ilJl!!>!IISw of mu cons ro«mbran*i.
VaajTBEtVMSMiEMIMlCO. cant or totaonocs.
lfi&tt"raun,OjagB SaldbyDrajsHto,
TOPPV. Ifc*. *» J3OT or wat la * lala wrapper.
Trtrrlm-iii.tirKTi *>* •xvrrn. prspnld. toe
M ClrcoU* lest on want
. — ¦
mar" srl «?r^te«y
d-Ffc f I A I if^ Ammunition. Huntins and
B d| ESj&l V" Sportlos Goods. Larscesc
Ball du stock. I-owest rrices. Semi
fill ?iiil fcr catalogue.
%& 1 V SHREVE & BARBER CO..
139 Market . at. aa« 021
Keanur »L"Ah, good , morning, Mr. Wrubber,"
said Mrs. Gaddie, "I meant to run up
to see your wife this morning. Do you
think I'll flnd her at home?"
"Sure of it," replied the man.
"There's a new family moving their
household eflects into the house : next
door to-day."— Philadelphia Press.
Panorama of Golgotha.
Some Americans in Paris have made
a contract with the celebrated Polish
painter, JanStyka, for the exhibition
at St. Louis of a panoramic hemlcyele,
representing Golgotha, which has had
an enormous success in Europe. There
is no doubt that this painting, will prove
to be also a . great : attraction at St.
Louis, for it is known that the Pope.
who has only seen the photograph of
it, has given the apostolic benediction
to the painter and his' work.— New York
Tribune.
Mrs. Goodun— I hope that you : will
abandon crime as soon as you are dis
charged from jail.
William Slices— Dat's what I'll do,
mum. I got enough o' deswag plant
ed to keep me in comfort de rest o'
ine days.— New York Journal.. '
At the end of the year 1902 the Rus-
Bian army had 1386 generals, of whom
129 were "polmije generalus" (full gen
erals), S87 lieutenant generals and S70
major generals.* The average age of
these generals was sixty-nine years for
the "full" generals, sixty-two years for
the lieutenant generals and fifty-six
years for the major generals. Fifty
eight per cent of all the generals have
seen active warfare and four of them
are, over ninety years of age.—Ex
change. * . . .
Officers of Russian Army.
No excuse prevailed, and Mgr. Sarto
rose and wenjL Into the kitchen. So the
bishop of ducal Mantua and his guest
might have been seen there talking and
laughing, while m^nsignor coaxed the
charcoal with a black kitchen fan, the
coffee fizzed In a tin. pot on the range,
and the count got out cups and saucers
In order to save his distinguished host
what menial service he could. Then
they had coffee together at tn"e kitchen
table.— The Century.
One morning early a friend of mine,
a Venetian nobleman, called on him.
Mgr. Sarto had said mass 'and settled
down to work. His sisters had gone
out to mass, or for the household mar
keting, which they were doing at the
Rialto on August 4, 1903, the day of
wonders In their simple life.
"Has the count taken coffee?" asked
the bishop.
"Well, to tell the truth, no, because
the business was urgent, and I have
come straight from the railway sta
tion." the guest replied.
Simple Life of the Pope.
The New York Times makes some
caustic remarks about Alfred Austin,
the British Poet Laureate, in noticing
his recent lecture on "The growing
distaste on the part of the many for
the higher kinds of poetry." On this
score it avers that Mr. Austin has no
cause of complaint, since the growing
distaste for his effusions Is not be
cause they belong tq.4he higher kinds
of poetry, but quite the contrary.
They might do, it thinks, for the An
nual Floral Offering % or The Young
Lady's Companion, and some of them
on topics of international Interest
would grace the columns of Punch,
but in the way of epics they "fit the
occasion much as, a round peg. fits a
square hole." This is severe, but will
find an indorsement by the great body
of readers. The Poet Laureate has
been a pensioned attache of the royal
household of Enggland from a remote
period of history. The office of court
Jester, also aji appanage of the house
hold, has v been abolished, and as the
Poet Laureate has become an .object
of ribald jest, the time would seem
ripe to dispense with that- office also
at the end of »Austin's term.—Louis
ville (Ky.) Courjer-Journal.
Austin's Work! Xot Popular Be
cause of ."Too nigh Grade
of Poetry-
ATLANTIC CITT. N. J.. March 27.
Mrs. Jefferson Davis, widow of the
President of the Southern Confede
racy, is sick with an attack of acute
indigestion.
Mrs. Jefferson Davis 111.
BRITISH POET
LAUREATE'S OFFICE
IMPERIAL, March 27.— A Southern Pacific
construction train arrived here to-day from
Chatsworth to begin layine rails for the ex
tension to Calexlco and for the Interurban road
to Holtonvllle. It Is expected that It will re
quire five weeks to complete track laying:.
This Year.
Reports from the Tosemite Valley are
that deep snows have fallen In the high
Sierra. The waterfalls will be wonder
ful when travel begins about May first.
The Santa Fe Is already receiving re
quests for reser\'atfons in the early
stages from Merced.
If interested Inquire afc 641 Market
street, San Francisco. ,-» : _v •
Tosemite Waterfalls Will Be Grand
DEEP SNOWS.
A project is being prepared to util
ize systematically, as iources of elec
iric- power, the non-navigable water
courses, of France throughout the
country.
CHICAGO, March 27.— An effort will
be made to-morrow to Etralghten out
the tangle regarding the deposit which
the local committee is said to have
made to the secretary of the Republi
can National Convention for Chicago.
So far no money has been deposited by
the local committee to guarantee the
expenses of the convention and a meet
ing has been arranged for to-morrow
between members of the national sub
committee in charge of the local ar
rangements and the citizens' commit
tee in an effort to reach' an understand
ing in the matter. v
Samuel B. Raymond, chairman of the
citizens* committee, said to-nig-ht:
"There never was a written agree
ment and there never was any guar
antee of a certain stipulated fund.
Senator Hanna asked me If we would
deposit a sum in some bank In case we
got the convention, but we said flatly
wo would do no such thing. We would
not deposit any sum or guarantee any
sum. All we agreed to do was to pay
any legitimate expenses of the convenV
tion. That was our understanding with
Senator Hanna and he understood it
tKat wav."
Nature of Arrangement
Made by the Late Senator
Hanna to Be Determined
OBJECTION. IN CHICAGO
A little boy had been receiving a
.resent from his aunt in New York.
he present took the form of a fire
rigade in parts, one of which he got
ow and then. The set was complete,
rtith the exception of one part, which
his auntie explained was not as nice as
the' others. Afterward his auntie.
**ked him which of all the parts he
liked the best, and he answered
promptly —
"Auntie. I think I like the one you
¦SM not send me." — London News.
The One He Liked Best.
flatter of the Deposit of
3Ioney for the Republican
Convention in Discussion
ROME, March 27.— Newspapers here
publish an interview with M. Combes,
the French Premier, in which hesays
that the forthcoming visit of President
Loubet is not only a courtesy from the
President of the republic to King Vic
tor Emmanuel, but that it is a visit
"from a friend' eailed France to a
friend called Italy," the relations of
which countries are now as close as
possible*. ' M. Combes ajjded that Pres
ident Loubet never dreamed of visiting
the Pope.
. Concerning the speech ' delivered by
the Pontiff in receiving the members
of the Sacred College on his name day.
March 18, in which he criticized the
French Government for its treatment
of the clergy and the religious orders
and against which speech the French
Embassador. at the Vatican has en
tered a protest, the Premier said: •
"It is the Pope's business and he can
do what he thinks best. The Vatican
has not observed the concordat and it
would be more frank and more loyal
to pronounce it as ended. I energetic
ally protested against the speech of
Pope Pius and Foreign Minister Del
casse protested likewise against the in
tervention in questions which were not
spiritual and which were not contem
plated by the concordat,,"
French Premier Says That
President Loubet Will
Not " Visit the Pope
FUND QUESTION
CAUSES TANGLE
COMBES TELLS
OF ROME VISIT
Representatives of the American
Baptist, the Southern Presbyterian and
the Disciples of Christ African Mis
sions called upon President Roosevelt
and Secretary Hay last Friday and de
scribed the affairs in the Congo coun
try as viewed from the missionary
standpoint. The principal ¦ feature of
the conferences between the President
and Secretary Hay and the missionar
ies consisted of stories by the latter of
atrocities practiced on the natives by
their Belgian rulers. The missionaries
said that their work waa rendered
nearly valueless by the attitude of the
Belgian officials who monopolized all
the food supplies, making It difficult
for the missions to procure vegetables
or fowls or anything to eat from the
natives, who were obliged to turn their
produce into the hands of the officers.
Then by the cruelties practiced upon
the natives the latter were driven away
from the missions and the s.chools were
emptied. In addition It was -pointed
out that no respect was shown for the
property rights of the missionaries, and
it was on this last ground thafthe del
egation thought the United States Gov
ernment might interfere. "
Secretary Hay asked the missionaries
to reduce their views to a written
memorandum, which he said he would
consider, though he could not hold our
any definite promise, of relieving the
situation so far as the natives wera
concerned, because the United States
was not one of the signatories to the
treaty under which the Congo Free
State came into existence. A state
ment of the events leading up to the
present condition of affairs was subse
quently prepared by the delegation for
transmission to the State Department,
in which It was declared that as a re
sult of the absolute power of the King
of the Belgians the freedom of trade
guaranteed by the conference of Ber
lin was now a thing of the past. The
President promised to give the sub.
ject laid before him by the mission
aries careful consideration and re
quested that he be supplied with an
accurate and detailed statement of it.
SAGINAW, Mich., March 27.— There
Is no indication to-night of any mitiga
tion of the flood troubles, and more
serious times are expected with the
first thaw. The water here to-night is
several inches higher than ever known.
A large portion of the business district
of Saginaw is flooded, and thousands of
dollars damage has been done. There
has been no -communication with Zil
waukee, four miles north, In two days,
and 1300 people there are reported t« be
living in the upper part of buildings
and suffering from cold and lack of
food. At the mouth of the Flint River
the ice is piled sixty feet high.
BROWNSTOWN, Ind., March 27.—
The country for miles around Browns-!
town is now under several feet of water
and the White River Is still rising rap
idly. The pumping station and the
power-house and nearly all of the fac
lorles have been flooded and have sus
pended operations. The railroads have
sustained immense damage. In many
places the. river is ten miles wide, and
much stock has been drowned.
A lake of water two< and one-half
miles in length and stretching atone
point from the canal at Thirtieth
street across the raging White River
through Riverside Park and over a
mile back from the river in the low
farm lands, is the condition northwest
of the city. Riverside Park, from
Thirtieth street bridge to its northern
boundary, is under five feet of water.
The overflow from White River has
backed in on the other side of the Big
Four tracks at the park and stretches
north over the golf links and as far as
the eye can reach.
BLUFFTON, Ind.. March 27. — The
Wabash River has been rising steadily
since last night and to-night it is
higher than for twenty years. Hun
dreds of acres of low lands are under
water and people here are fearful that
the reservoir at Celina may break,
causing great loss of life. At Prince
ton, .the Wabash, Patoka and White
rivers are rising rapidly to-night. The
property loss in Southwestern Indiana
has already reached $200,000.
VINOKNNES, Ind., March 27.— The
levee along the Wabash River near
Oaktown broke to-day and the water
rushed through, covering thousands of
acres and driving the people from their
homes. Many left barely in time to
save their lives, and considerable live
stock was destroyed. The water in the
Wabash is twenty-one feet and rising.
DROWNING OF STOCK.
FLOOD OX FARM JjANDS.
reason of bridges haviiig-gone out, and
it may be many days before anything
like normal traffic with the outside
world is established. .The flood loss at
Ionia is estimated at $100000. The
greater part of the north end of Niles
is flooded, and sandbags are being
placed on the dam across the St. Joseph
River there to keep it from going out.
Railway train service Is demoralized.* 5=
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 27. —
The city street railway and interurban
system are without power because of
the flooding of the power house," near
White River. Communication with the
north and w^st of Indianapolis is cut
off by the flood, which has swept away
bridges. The city is still without wa
ter owing to the flooding of the. water
works pumping* station. Manythouses
have been carried down White River
and shattered against the stone
bridges which connect the city proper
with the "suburbs. Several plants are
closed down, the water . flooding the
cellars.
To-night a break was found. In the
levee at River avenue and the Mayor
ordered sacks of sand and bales of hay
transported to the scene .with wfiichVo
repair the rupture.
Continued from Page 1, Column 5.
RESCUERS SAVE LIFE IN FLOODS
> 5f appendicitis. He was going to Daw
sen from White Horse by stage when
taken sick. Before physicians could ar
rive from Kelkirjt he was . dead. A
widow and three children survive him
at Vancouver, B. C.
From Fairbanks comes news of the
death of A. C. Fasset. who was for
merly engaged in merchandising at
SkapAvay. A year ago he went to Daw
f"ti. thence to Tanana. He died of
pneumonia and hemorrhage of the
stomach. Faset was 50 years old, and
t .me time was engaged in business at
'ortland.
The AccidefflHl discharge of a gun re
sulted in the death of Gunder Smith at
Marys Igloo, near Nome. Smith was
•raveling with a dog team. He pulled
.ii? rifle from one of the sleds, catching
tho trigger in some rope. The dog team
continued to Nome. Smith's body was
recovered several days later by -his
l>roth«?r. Smith formerly lived In Daivp*
soa.
Siram'liip Humboldt Brings Advices
of Many Fatalities in the
North.
TACOMA, March 27.— The steamship
Humboldt brjnffs Alaskan advices con
taining news of numerous" sudden
uaths. Last week B. C. Davis died at
Vhelan's roadhouse, on the Pelly River,
NUMEROUS DEATHS IX
THE ALASKAN DISTRICTS
. Fred Needham, who resides at the
Lick House, was knocked down j and
run over by a cab at the corner of
Geary and Kearny streets late last
night. He was -badly bruised and
shaken up. W. A. Bradley, driver of
the cab, was arrested and charged
with battery. t; -^>:-v
Run Over by a Cab.
The members of the committee are
contemplating: a visit to the Isle . of
Pines to/ look over the field and see
if it would be worth anything to the
United States and if this Government
would be justified in assuming sover
eignty of. the island, in view of the fact
that a large number of American citi
zens have settled there and. invested
money in lands and farming indus
tries. '
When the treaty of Paris was nego
tiated it provided that ownership of
the. Isle of Pines should be determined
at some, future time. It was well .un
derstood that a sovereignty over this
Isle of Pines was left unsettled for the
purpose of giving the United States
something which it could exchange
with Cuba, for coaling stations. There
never was any intention ¦ on the part
of President; McKinley to retain con
trol over the Isle of Pines.
Until recently there has been com
paratively little opposition to a .rati
fication of the treaty, but Senator'Pen
rose of Pennsylvania has undertaken
to defeat It because a large number of
Americans from Illinois, Indiana and
Pennsylvania have acquired land on
the Island "and propose to engage in
business there.
•WASHINGTON. March 27.— Owing
to strong opposition in the foreign re
lations committee to the Cuban treaty,
which provides for the turning over of
.the Isle of Pines to the Government of
Cuba, It has been decided by the com
"mittee to postpone action of the con
vention until the next session of Con
gress. ; '",
The case of Judge Charles S. Wayne
is now properly before the House and
is a matter of the highest privilege.
Palmer, In charge of this case, says
that he will not press it during the con
sideration of the sundry civil bill, but
he will call up the case at the conclu
sion of that measure. Whatever the
minority views, to be filed In this case
by Representative Gillette of Califor
nia, are, It is predicted that the decision
of the House can be reached without
prolonged discussion. : i* "
WASHINGTON, March 27.— Senator
Heyburn has given notice that to-mor
row he will move to take up the pure
food bill, but the enemies of that meas
ure will seek to prevent consideration
of it by constantly keeping: appropria
tion bills. before the Senate. This pol
icy was made plain by the early ad
journment of the Senate on Saturday
which was taken to prevent the com
pletion of the District of Columbia ap
propriation bill on that day, thus forc
ing it over and affording material in
the way of appropriation legislation for
discussion on Monday. The opponents
of the pure food bill count on continu
ing the discussion of the' District bill
until the Postofflce appropriation bill
can be reported on. If the District bill
is passed before the postofflce bill is
ready for consideration the conference
report on the army appropriation bill
or the bill authorizing a new depart
ment building in Washington may be
made to serve the purpose of holding
off the pure food bill.
The sundry civil bill has the right of
way in the House to-morrow, and
Chairman Hemenway believes that it
will require the whole week to dispose
of the measure. Should this not be the
case two special orders have been set to
follow it— pension bills and the omnibus
bill.
LONDON, March 27.— The follow
ing telegrams have been, exchanged
between the Associated - Press and
King Leopold of Belgium:
"To His Majesty Leopold II, King
of the Belgians, Brussels: The Asso
ciated Press, representing the news
paper press of the United States.
would be happy to cable to the United
States any statement your Majesty
might see fit to make in relation to
the charges against the Government
of the Congo Free State regarding
atrocities committed upon' the na
tives, made to President Roosevelt
and Secretary of State. Hay by a del
egation from the missionary congress.
"The American press Is anxious to
hear both sides of the case and would
welcome any reply from your Majesty
to the allegations of the missionaries
that their rights are not respected
and that the natives are now in a
worse condition than under the Arab
slave regime.
"MANGR. ASSOCIATED PRESS."
King Leopold replied through his
secretary as follows:
"Manager" the Associated Press:
The King attaches great importance
to the impartial sentiments of the
American press. I have mailed you
official documents from the Congo
Free State, in. which you will find all
the facts essential to a full and truth
ful statement of the case.
"CARTEON DE WIART,
"Secretary to the King."
It is feared that later reports may
reveal a greater loss of /life. Much
stbek will be killed. The tornado swept
a path 300 yards wide. . l
CARRUTHERSVILLB, Mo., March
27.— A tornado swept the country twen
ty miles north of h~ ' last night. Six
persons are known to have been killed
and' thousands of dollars' worth of
property was destroyed. The wires
have been down all day and details are
lacking. I
¦ Near Portageville four members of
the Shumaker family were killed by
the^destruction of their home. Two
miles north of Mount Pleasant Wesley
Miller,** a wealthy mill owner and
planter, and his wife were killed. Their
home was wrecked and their bodies
were found 200 yards away, badly mu
tilated. ':'.. •
Speaking of the condition of the Em
peror, Embassador Meyer said: "Em
peror William looks extremely
well, just as he did when I saw him at
Kiel last summer. His voice is as
strong as ever and he is in excellent
spirits."
NAPLES, March 27.— On the invita
tion of Emperor 'William, Embassador
Meyer carne to Naples from Rome to
day and dined with his Majesty oa
beard the German Imperial yacht Ho
henzollern. .The Embassador sat at
the right of the Emperor, on whos«
left was Father Boniface Krug. for
merly of the Benedictine Abbey a^
Flatty, Pa., and now Abbot of the
Abbey of Monte Cassino. The Embas
eador and the Abbot were the only
guests of the Emperor, who Jokingly
s;iid that it was an American dinner.
At the request of the Emperor. Em
bassador Meyer accompanied him and
Father Krug to Monte Cassino, where
they visited the abbey and admired the
vork of restoration of the famous
mosaics there.
President Roosevelt and Sec
retary Hay Promise to
Give Subject Attention
Opponents Discover New
Cause to Object to Grant
ing Possession to Cuba
German Ruler in Excellent
Spirits During a Notable
Meeting on Hohenzollern
Fear Is Entertained That
Many Fatalities Have Re
sulted From the Storm
Sundry Civil Measure May
Require Consideration of
a Week Before It Is Settled
AMERICANS BUY LAND
MUCH WORK IN HOUSE
JUICE OF A SOVEREIGN
MISSIONARIES' PLAINT
VICTIMS UNDER WRECKS
Tornado Sweeps Near Mis
souri Towns and at Least
Six, Persons Are Dead
Senator Penrose of Pennsyl
vania WOl Fight Eatifica
tion of Treaty of Paris
American Embassador Meyer
and Father Boniface Krug
Are Guests of the Kaiser
Opponents of Proposition
Will Try to Keep Appropri
ation Bills Before Senate
Monarch of Belgium Will
Give Statement Concern
ing Congo State Affairs
KING LEOPOLD
IS INTERESTED
WANTS TO HOLD
ISLE OF PINES
DEADLY WIND
DESTROYS LIVES
DIPLOMAT DINES
WITH EMPEROR
MAY TALK FOOD
BILL TO DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, : MARCH '28, 1904;
3
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTELBUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at* expense
of $26O,00<*— New ' Manncement— ENTIIIELY
FIREPROOF.
LOCATION— Very aece*»ible to street car
lln*s. theaters. • etc. EUROPEAN PLAN. ¦
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms in antique decorations.
Turkish Baths . In Hotel. -
Ur-SSURPASSED RESTAURANT. De Stel-
ger. . Chef. • formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales. '
V HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions in every : room : . lone distance connection*
made with-' any part of the coast.
Wins for -reservations, at our expense.
BUTLER HOTEL. Seattle. . '
Paiflrp DON'T FAIL TO
I ai&lWV gee t h e beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/¦fl(l v ' room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
([rflfifl LOUIS XV PAR:
M 1 ** IIU LOR, and the LA-
D j^H^, DIES' WRITING'
Hotels room -
I IV v/L.1 House.
SECOND WEEK
AND TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OT I
MR.
PICKWICK
A Muelcal Comedy in Two Acts. Based oa
Charles Dickens' Masterpiece.
Initial Appearance Here of
Dora de Filiippe
The Eminent Lyric Soprano.
• MATINEE SATURDAY.
Wext — "THE BEOOAK STTTDEWT."
Usual Popular Prices 23c. 5Oc and 75o'
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seats.. $1.00
ADI HUD I A ' w FPJiJiciscc's'
vULUmQI A LEADLHJ TKLV.2I
**£g5» LAST WEEK
LAST « NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAT.
MARY
MANNERING
(Management Frank McKee.)
In Leo Ditrlchstein's new modern comedy,
HARRIET'S HONEYMOON
Nest Sunday — German performance Alameda
Lustspiel Ensemble in "Das Opferlamm" (Th«
Scapesoat). Seata now ready.
Next we*5c — ANNA HELD IN MAM'SELLE
NAPOLEON.
Right I |f...
ONCE AGAIN TO-NIGHT.
An extremely funny Turkish lyric comedy,
H KISMET |"~{
With all new sonss. r.e-.v Jokes, new dances,
new iinra. new laushter.
Our ¦ bis company of popular favorites—
Richard, F. Carroll. John P. Kennedy, John
Peachey. lien T. Diiion. Helen Russell. Nellln
Lynch.. Lizzie Derious Daly and great chorus
ot rhow girts.
RESERVED SEATS — Nights 25c. 5Oc and
75c Saturday nnd Sunday Matinees 'J5c and
50c! Children at Matinees 10c and 25c^
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
KEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
Racine Each 'Week Day. Rala or Shin*.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races cpmmencs at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track Uk«
g. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:2(K
l:CU. 1:30 or - o'clock. No smoking In last two
(ara . which ar« reserv#4 for ladles and thmit
"Returning trains lea»» track at «:!«> an4
4:45 apd tmmedlately after th» last rac«.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PgRCY W. TRKAT. Sx>r»?<»rr .
Prescriptions 34,406 and .7.
6XTARANTE31> CTOB 'PO* »»•
KASaxiiZSS nrJECnoa. Cures ordinary
cases in a fear days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. 5O OTHES TMATMST
EEQUIBED. Prevents and Cures fatrlc-
JuTes: PMVEJrrs COarrAOIO *. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale onl|
7. 8. KELLTS pXABaCACT. 102 Eddy.
AMUSE1O1NT3. 7
MECHANICS' PAVILION
9riAYQ Q STARTING*
GRAND ILLUMINATED STREET PARADB
FRIDAY NIGHT. April 1, at 7:30 p. m.
NORMS & ROWE'S
NEW BIO SHOWS
CIRCUS, MENAGERIE
MUSEUM, HIPPODROME
Just Twice Larger thin Ever Before
2-RINGS bl 5 e t^ t e ed IImNGS-2
A NEW CIRCUS THROUGHOUT
ARENIC ARTISTS AND ANIMAL ACTORS
100-^-STAR FEATURES— 100.
World's Crsatest Aeriallsts.
ACROBATS. .GYMNASTS, EQUILIBRISTS.
*- TUMBLERS, RIDERS ANp LEAPERS.
so— nrarmr clowns — 20 -
ONE- HUNDRED PERFORMING ANIMALS.
. PERFORMANCES, 2 and 8 p. m.
A T C\ ATA H Belasco & Mayer.'
ALCAZAR snssi-
»*.¦-¦ • - ¦ Grn»ral.Manarer.
AT 8 TO-ITIGHT— Mat«. Sat. and Sun.
LAST Wr K
of Wasmer'8 Impressive Miracle Flay,
...PARSIFAL...^
The music by an orchestra of Twenty.
Evgs., 25c to SI. Mats. Sat. & Sun., 23c to 75c.
NEXT MONDAY, "ON THE QUIET"
. Regular Prices Then . Resumed. •
In a p| § fflgaB mayer
Market* st. : ,^ near .Eighth. .Phone South 633.
TO NIGHT— ALL THIS "WEEK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
v The Great Farce Comedy Hit.
THE HUSTLER
• v Rollicking, Rich, Rare and Racy!
Musical ' Specialties in . Every Act!
. • Trained Ballet of Pretty Girls! -'
See the "Twentieth Century Galatea.'."
pnircc EveninKS .......: .... ..... 10c "to 600
rnlWCD Matinees. ....... ...;....10c, 15c. 25c
Next— AROUND THE WORLD IN 80 DAYS.
5: biq r
...new acts...o
Five 3Io\vats; Mnzuz and Mazett:
Coakley and 3IcBrlde; Wesson,
Walters and Wesson; James H.
Cullen;
La Belle Guerrero;
Taffary's Dogs; Billy Clifford and
Adellna Roattlno and Clara Stevens.
Regular Matineea every 'Wednesday. .Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 23c
and noc.
CALIFORNIA
jSM a ixtstxxx B^.
M That Completely Baffles Solntion/g
I ANNA EVA FAY I
u In her great sensation, U
I "SOMNOLENCY" |
g MATINEES FOR LADIES ONLY B
g WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY. M
| '—-: I
W Sunday — America's funniest, biggest ¦
¦ farce. McFADDEN'S FLATS. ¦
GRANDS
THIS WEEK ONLY— MAT SATURDAY.
jyit*s ' In Ibsens PIa y»
FiQb HEDDA
rioKo GABLER
NEXT WEEK.
Hon., Tues.. Wed. and Friday, Saturday
Thursday, v. Matinee. Sat. Night, i
"DIVORCONSV "A DOLL'S HOUSE"
and and
/•A BIT OF OLD "A BIT OF OLD-
CHELSEA." . CHELSEA."
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
Clark's Comedy Dog Circus
And a Great Show Every Afternoon and
Evening in the Theater.
ENJOY YOURSELF IX CARABET DE LA
•IMORT.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Take a TRIP DOWN THE FLUME.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c; • Children. 5c."
When Phoning Ask for ! "The Chutes."
lASTHMANOLAl
Is the only cure for Bferrone and
-, - . Bronchial 'AST JUXA.
Your Druggist or at Oife riAiuHT ST..
Ban : Francisco, CaL.
IA/;T.HESS,'
ZTotary PuhUo and ' Att orney-at-La w.
Tenth i'loor. Room 1015. Claus Epreckeu blds>
Teleohone Main 9S3. '
Residence, lst-2 McAllister at.
J ¦'.;__ Bcaldence Telephone Fas* EtfiL -• 1
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
: bIougItWugIT
*b Franclsro People Receiving: the
Fall Beneflt
There have been many cases like the
In t San Francisco. Every one
Mates thes experience of people we know.
. h*-se plain, ttraightforward statements
*I11 do much toward relieving the suf-
'«rlng of thousands. Such testimony will
?»e read with Interest by many people.
.4. C. Y. Bernecker, miner of 712 Howard
Ftxeet. says: "There came to my notice
s-ome time ag-o an undoubted case of kid-
DCy and bladder trouble, where the party
Tras so annoyed from the kidney eecre-
tionF. partlculariy at night, that it en-
tailed loss of sleep and as a consequence
lack of energy ensued the following daj\
The kidney secretions contained so much
%ci6 that they scalded; In fact, sonse-
¦m« s were particularly painful. A course
t the treatment of Doan's Kidney Pills
KB.e tak^n and much to the surprise of
he party and more to his gratification
h*> Incontinence ceased."
For sa!e by all dealers. Price SO cents.
Fofter-Milburn Co.. BuflTalo. N. T., sole
•jients for the United States.
"Fiemember the name, Doan's, and take
0 Fubstltute.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
tHUSEUM OF ANATOMYf
Q T>« L*rr««tAMicMifil M«aew in tb« \
1 -m -» pw w «'*- W««k»e«« .r U j cMitncted A
k. PEfH *»^»« ¦-••"•••X ««r.4».y the oldeit Y
' /§-« SpesuiutomaeCoiit EsL^rtan. Q
) Gfg* DR. JORDAH-DJSEASES OF KEN A
• r^3R^ OnuittBtt frrt ui'uri'tlf prime. \
I 1 iirtf ' Tr»t«iefn p*r.on«!'jr w bj letter. A A
% l M F—*'** O«r» in crcry c»3« umdrraken. Y <
r 1 ill ! w ritefor Book. rBIL«lurnT*f A
¦ M IT s/uiauu. mailjls rui, (ay
j fV «sin«b1c b*ek (mt Bra) \ i
" Da jonn a > a co.. usi Market 'it., n. r. V
What makes the ( world go
round in business ; almost the
oost serious work of man h
*>Msiness; and business aver-
agts rather crooked. There is
T :.i straighter thing in the
V/orld than Schilling's Best; a:
Vcur grocer's.
? DIRE CTOHY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
1 £ 'a.lot r ue and Price Lists Mallai
I , on Application.
FSSSE AITS SALT MEATS.
'AS 3HVPC * Ct\ £ hl PP'a« Butchera. I0S
«*3. OUltj U tU. Pay. T«L Main 1294.
OILS. •
LCD' -j£a.TIKO OIL.S; LEONARD A ELL.1S.
<J «U 8. f.' Phone Main 17HL
PBnmzro. \
£r imriRCC printer.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMTTSEMZNTSL
I Kaf I £3 S%. jj mil £# E«^^|fc I
a Xr jg| " ~JJ Sif 1H
T A7 I I " THE * PLACE W
SOUTH I I CIIS. MARKET «
1O8Z I I "g
H 1 A rEVV DOORS BElOW'&g^
B I ZIMKA.HDS ' SSL
B \OfV>O.SIT£ THE v *«!p
f Monday, A/»yr^
I ; TuesdjWednesday. Vr^THL
[GROCErTsPECIALS, "math
H Malt Breakfast rood— Delicious In ZjL,^ * ilaltt
H navor. easily digested, package .~»c tWTftfif J911.V
|j .Food for body and brain. Rep. 15c S* I €S&/J Wgfg fe\
E Bert Creamery Butter lauare 35o g. S* r LjLj ? .
B Our butttr goes like hot cakes; Una up Af C l£f ' — ' "¦¦
ffl early; It's the only butter bargain In 3. F. U /wCFlf \&a w£5m\a
N where you select from all ths best Kj -^ _ IB i£EK£| B
g creameries. II Dl%ifE$!\?£ f^S I
m a-pound brick Codflih 10c H rrKBLtEHj )O aBaBfljfl
H Best fish quality— half price. R»g. 20c S m m ** m *r***0^gJZ—^M,
B Eastern Earns.. > pound 13^ct|
P Sugar cured, sizes from 12 to 15 pounds. B^g^
H medium fat. fancy trimmed; Monday BffiT *sw — ~^ n— iii»— ~
B Italian Olive Oil raUon S1.55 ¦¦¦¦ JIUIIIHMJli i
H Half callon •"•>•>«
M .- Re?. $2.10, $1.10 a ¦ AUAn *\nm ai ¦ ¦ «%
R " Fillppo dl Kola; superior flavor, pleasant [10 VJULPiAIV
I to take. LiyUUn OlLUlALOl
§ «™«« flBI -'. Wffiift Old McBr»TerW a i,ky...r»l. $3.00-
D Shasta brand unswe«Unefa ; Ilka using DouBle stamp; 9 years old; high
9 . fresh cream. proof. He*. $4 6O
1 "Smith'*" Kippered Herrta*. .can 15o AA Port wto * «* SJxex^y «L. «>o
¦ Aberdeen. Scotland.. Re* 20c C al. Win. Anodatlon-Mondfy *aiS
D Snredded Codfiih ....package 5o Tuesday.
gj For quick use. Reg. 10c "Old Vlght Cap" Whl»ky..at. bt 78o
1 Table Salt 3 sacks So Reg. $l.0o
II Fine, dry/ white*.' . ' Half price Big. generous bottle— hl K h proof—
E<S _ ' ' . _ 8 yean old when bottled.
II Cora Starch package So Benedictine DottI* 90c
H Same as Klnssford-s. Reg. 10c Monk Uquor^thVgenufne: R^-lllS
3 Porce — "Sonny Jim'i". . .package lOo Tipo Chiantl. .pita 30c; qnarts 55o
g Reg. 13c . Astl brand.
¦ rartern Corn Meal .sack 30o 3P » ra « oa Cocktail* bottl* 75o
H Oold Dust; sweet flavor. Reg. 33c All flavors. Be K . $1.00
1 Pure rood Chow-Cmow..W-r*l.*ot. ISo -T£l«««P«ior.f.-T™«i,-^.;
ffl Hiph grade; tony flavor. Reg. 25c j o hajui-Hoff'»:MaltExtract.dz.83.5O
9 Salad Oil Quart bottle 15c Genuine imported. Reg. $3.00
EJ Pure vegetable, oil. r Reg. 25c Zlnfandel Wlae rallon 50c
pj quamy. Tne favorlt(> fB . m i] y whisky— glass
¦ Armour's TTlroral. bottle ISO and corkscrew free.
I Seasoned fluid beef extract: for 22n*E Ta 2g2£ A OJ »* M1 »«' TeU ° W "2^
H - nourishment and refreshment. j{ eg ' ' ji.iol-$i.eo
1 New Sujrar Corn can lOo Burke's Porter or Ale. . .doz. Sl.JK)
m - '¦ Reg. 2 for 25c Re». $il5
H "Queen of the West" brand. Guinness' and Bass's — genuine.
1 Table Fruits caa 10c Posthoom Oln bottle SI .30
1 f »Dl« jrnuis can i uc h. Van Emden. Holland. Ueg. $1.«S
gj Extra select fruit In rich syrup. ' * Imported Champagnes. . .q.t». SS.S3
¦ Colombo Ceylon Tea — Plantation A^b^ands" 81 " 35
HI package One POUnd, 5<)C niu>Vh*m Vnnrl* h n t*u en-
u5 t^*a /nil- r»A tnh»i f».» 7v> *«acxDeTrT sranay bottle SOo
m Lead foil, red label. l*eg. .5c Bottled from reserve stock. *
B Xona Coffee 2 pounds 35c "Burke's" Old Tom Oln. .bottle 75c
II Pride of Hawaii brand. Reg. 25c E. &. J. Burke's— Nonpareil. Reg. *l.wWidow of Author Willis Dead.
WASHINGTON/ March 27.— Henry L.
Wilson; ; one of the most" expert telegram
phers in the country and for some years
day ; chief • operator for , the Associated
Press in this city, died. of neuralgia of
the heart, aged .44 years. , He leaves ¦' a
widow and eight' children.
Expert Telegrapher Dies.
"Well, Bobby,, how. do- you like
church?" asked his father as they
walked homeward from the sanctuary,
to which Bobby hadjust paid his first
visit. - . .
.."It's fine!" ejaculated the young man.
"Howjmuch did you get, • father?"
"How much did I 'get? Why, -what
do yo-u mean? How. much what?" ask
ed the parent at this evi
dent'irreverence. ¦ ' , ' ' .; -
; "Why, don't you remember when. the
funny '..'old man : passed the money
around II only got ! 10 cents."—Lippin
cott's. ¦'>>¦-. * "
Convictions create character.. .
Remuncral ive.
She Awoke.
It; was night now.
Ah, Well, night was as good as the
day. What did it matter? V
Nothing mattered now, neither time
nor tide nor circumstance, for. was she
not dead— the woman of his heart?
Of course, they had had their little
differences— what married couple does
not?— and\ the tears {filled his eyes at
memory of some of .their spats. He
had so often been in the wrong. She
she was an angel, and they had loved
each other. .
: Now she lay dead before him. How
had this thing happened? How had
this great grief come to him? Why had
the Master given her to him but to take
her away?.
: He ' should . not. He should not- He
would hold "her back out of the very
arms of death. Half-frenzied wlth ; his
grief he seized her. He held her. He
drew her to ihlm. She yielded. Death
was being vanquished by the power of
a great love. ; * • v
. And then a , voice — her voice^— through
the night:
" - "John, for.; gracious' sake, what are
you pulling me out of bed for?"
And then he awoke. — Llppihcott's.
WASHINGTON, March 27.— Brevet
Major General Thomas J. Osborne of
Chicago, for many years United States
Minister to the Argentine republic, who
came to Washington a few days ago for
a visit, died here to-day of apoplexy.
The funeral will take place on Wednes
day next, and it is expected 'that In
view of General Osborne's distinguished
services in the United States volunteers
during the Civil War full military hon
ors will be accorded. The interment will
be made in \ the Arlington : National
Cemetery.
Tnps Sound for a General.
" In consequence of the fact that at
a smart wedding the Queen carried a
colored sunshade many . smart society
leaders have adopted the use of small
dark blue and green umbrellas. The
newest designs in parasols and sun
shades have "already appeared In the
West End shops, and these -are par
ticularly beautiful this season. Much
attention is to be paid this year to
handles, and it is an increasing fash
ion to give exquisite jeweled "tops" to
fashionable brides, many of whom re
ceive as many as thirty-five of these
expensive trifles, some of them worth
from £20 to £25 apiece. In the col
lection of Lady Kerry, who was mar
ried the other day, one umbrella was
topped with a huge rhlnestone, on
which was a design of wreaths traced
out in fine rubies, with studs of em
eralds set at intervals. Agate, pink
crystals and the lucky stone jade -are
favorite, stones for -the making of these
dainty handles, while fine wrought gold
shaped as an animal's head and after
ward enameled in colors is much in
demand. Diamond markings on Rus
sian enamels and the designs of, the
empire period are also In high favor. —
London Express. .
Gorgeous Sunshades for Brides.
Half the asparagus crop of the State
was destroyed by the recent floods In
the Sacramento Vallev. The growers
of that delectable vegetable have seen
their asparagus beds utterly destroyed
by the rush of waters and now they
face ruin. The price of asparagus will
be high this year and It will be well
indeed if ordinary people will be able
to' place the vegetable: on their tables.
What is more, the canneries of the
State will have no crop with which to
work and as a consequence many peo
ple will be denied employment by the
closing of the industry.
This gloomy picture of the future of
asparagus is painted by Professor
Ralph E. Smith, professor of plant
pathology at the University of Califor
nia. . Professor Smith has .just re
turned from the asparagus country.
He "says he saw nothing but ruin on
the entire trip. On thousands of acres
of land on Bouldin Island this : vege
table has been killed. Andrus Island,
Tyler. Island and all the other low
land islands that have provided a
prosperous living to thousands in
other years are bare of. crops.
"The asparagus beds are all under
water," said Professor Smith to-day at
the, university. "Mr. Hickmott, one of
the. largest growers on Bouldin Island,
informs me that his entire crop is. lost,
which means an immense loss. to him.
His company packed 120,000 cases of
asparagus last year out of 300,000
packed in California, so you can see
what the loss to him amounts y,to.
Other, men have the same>story to tell.
"About the only places that have not
suffered are the farms in Alameda
County, but the acreage is insignificant
compared -to the islands under cultiva
tion in the Sacramento district, and
the yield will not anywhere cover the
loss." *
Professor Smith was in . the >' midst of
a campaign against the asparagus rust
that , ravages > the plants when over
taken; by the high waters. In conse
quence he had to abandon his inves
tigation/
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, March 27:
Physicians as Patients' Confidants.
That physicians should be accorded
the confidence of their clients— perhaps
in a larger measure even than clergy
men—has always been pretty generally
recognized. This confidence is, Indeed,
freely bestowed in a good many direc
tions, sometimes, in fact, to an entirely
unnecessary extent. The physician is
frequently made acquainted with in
ternal family matters which have ab
solutely no bearing upon the case tor
the treatment of which he had been
called in, and which are therefore not
of a. nature to exercise the slightest in
fluence upon such treatment. In this
way the physician is sometimes drawn
into the position of general family
father confessor. He will be made the
confidant of the husband in regard to
things which should be kept a secret
from the wife; the wife reveals to him
things of which the husband is to know
or suspect nothing; the daughter pours
the little secrets of her heart Into his
more or less unwilling ear on the un
derstanding that he must not under
any circumstances divulge them to her
parents, and the young man appeals
in the strictest confidence to the doctor
with regard to his sexual experience,
or, rather, lack of experience. The pic
ture is complete enough without the
special mention of the cook and the
butler. And as the medical father con
fessor no more than the clerical one can
betray the confidence reposed in him,
he Is in the unenviable position of hav
ing something to conceal practically
from every member of the household
with regard to every other member.
"While this general confidence, and
consequent familiarity, lies to a certain
extent In the very nature of things, it
cannot by any means be likened to
a bed of roses, except perhaps for the
stings of .the thorns. There can be / no
question that the doctor who has at
tained to the position of the family
confidant "via medical practice" is des
tined to experience a gradual but un
mistakable decline in the power he
wields and in the reverence and recog
nition which his counsel once inspired.
He Is not spared the truth of the prov
erb that "familiarity breeds contempt."
and he may be sure that in the event
of a ' serious sickness the family will
insist upon calling in a second, con
sulting physician, and eic transit gloria
mundi! It is, however, not only the
ethical part of the question that re
solves itself to the disadvantage of the
medical confidant, but also its conse
quences from a monetary point of view.
The more familiar the relations become
between family and physician the less
will the latter be compensated for the
time and knowledge he extends, and
many an overfamiliar physician has
experienced, to his detriment and dis
may, that the familiarity he enjoyed
was the, only compensation for his ser
vices that he ever received.-rAmerlcah
Medicine. ¦ ' .
One bv one all our old beliefs a «.
being wrenched from us. "We all arc
dust," we used to be told. Sir Henn
Thompson would put a stop to thl?
He Is advocating the abolition of th
old fashioned carts -which cover u^'
with. the minute particles of refuse.
Anglicizing Japan.
A Japanese Minister, now in his own
country, has taken decisive measures
to root the national customs, the na
tional social ceremonies out of his own
household. He has engaged an Eng
lish lady, not as governess, but entirely
to set the example of English manners
to hia children. English manners are
in truth so exceedingly vague and neg
ative that> no written code could pos
sibly give an Idea of them. Nothing
but the very genius of mimicry could
possibly grasp them. Therefore the
sons and daughters sit around and
watch ' the Englishwoman. Her em
ployer has built her an English house —
so English that it reproduces the house
representing . our domestic architecture
at the last Paris International. The
young students walk in duly with their
dusty boots and sit on chairs. Who
ever ¦ wishes to hear the courtesies of
Japanese speech— "Your honorable
dinner Is ¦ served." "Your honorable
hot water Is ready"— -should make
haste.— London Daily Chronicle.
Professor Smith Tells of
Poor Prospects for the
Vegetable This Year
HUET GREAT INDUSTHY
High Waters in Sacramento
A' alley 'Overflow the Land
and IUiin Growing Crops
Cut off in the beginning of a pro
fessional career that gave evidence of
rapid rise to a place of more than or
dinary standing/the death of the young
lawyer is peculiarly hard upon, those
he has left behind. Mr. Black was an
earnest student and had acquired a
strong command of the principles and
practice of the -law. Particularly was
he well-grounded In banking and cor
poration work. His special field seem
ed to be in that important branch of
the profession. •
The young man was born in Sonoma
County, nearly thirty-two years ago.
His parents are pioneers of California.
Henry C. Black, his father, was one
of the .first flour millers in this State
and operated a large plant at Benicla
for years.' He is a mechanicu.1." en
gineer of much ability. Young Black
came . to Oakland with his family
eighteen years ago. He was graduated
from the Oakland High School and
went into the law offices of John R.
Glascock. Before he was of age Black
had so thoroughly mastered the rudi
ments of his profession that Chief Jus
tice Beatty after examination honored
the young applicant with a certificate
of admission to, the. bar of the State.
Mr. Black also practiced in the law
offices of John Yule in this city. 1 He
had a constantly growing clientage,
among which he numbered the Oak
land Bank of Savings' private. work. .
Five years ago Black marrieo" Miss
Mary Ludlow, daughter of the late
William B. Ludlow, for many years
master car repairer of. the Southern
Pacific Company. :
He is survived by his wife and one
child; a brother, Percy C. ' Black, of
this city; a younger brother and a
sister and his father and mother.
Black was a past master of Oak
land Lodge No. 188, Free and Ac
cepted Masons, having completed his
service through the chairs of that
lodge last year.' The funeral services
will be held Thursday afternoon, at 2
o'clock at "Masonic Temple under di
rection of Oakland Lodge. Interment
will be in Mountain View Cemetery.
OAKLAND, March 27.— Albert L.
Black, one of the most promising
young , attorneys of the . Alameda
County bar, died at 2 o'clock this
morning at his residence; 400 Thirty
fourth street.. Mr. Black had been ill
for several weeks from typhoid pneu
monia, but his condition . as late as
yesterday afternoon was so encourag
ing that the attending physicians were
quite confident. Last evening the pa
tient was seized with a pulmonary
hemorrhage, from which he did not
rally.
ASPARAGUS MEN
LOSE BY FLOOD
On account of the pressure of college work
J. Edwin Roadhouse has resigned from the
presidency of. the Boating Association. Stuart
Hawley, the former vice president, has been
elected to succeed him. Edward Grindley wai
chosen to fill the vacant vice presidency.
The Senate will listen to a debate on the
following subject Tuesday night in Stiles Hall:
"Resolved. That a constitutional amendment
should be passed giving the Federal Govern
ment exclusive control over divorces." The af
firmative will be sustained by J. B. White
'(H and J. S. Koford 'OU: the negative by W.
A. Andrews '05 and E. E. Nlcol '07.
The Students' Congress will hear the fol
lowing question debated on the same night:
"Resolved, That the Princeton honor system
should be established at California." W. C.
Smith '04, M. C. Lynch '(W. R. O. Moyer '08
will present the affirmative and A. C. Keane
'C5, L. B. Stanton '06 and F. T. Blanchard
'04 the negative. *v
The Philological Club will meet to-morrow
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the faculty club
house. Professor Huso Schilling will read a
paper on "The Metrics of Germanic Allitera
tive Poetry," and Marius J. Spinello will pre
sent another on ' "The Contemporary Italian
Novel." ¦ '
BERKELEY. March 27.— Librarian J. C.
Rowell is collecting the final volume of the
writings, j biographical sketches and portraits
<Sf -the late Prifessor- Joseph Le Conte, . and
they will socn be ready for publication in
book form. Three volumes of the miscellaneous
.writings of Profesnor, Le Conte are already in
the possession of the university.
The art exhibition by California artists in
the Mark Ilopklns Inefltute of Art will begin
to-morrow and continue dally until April 21.
In order to obtain tickets faculty members
must apply to the assistant secretary of the
art association.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, March 27.
The unpleasant weather of the last
week has caused a slight depression in
the local real estate market, nearly ail
of the dealers reporting few actual
transfers of property, but many in
quiries, and they are confident that as
soon as the weather clears up there -will
be a record breaking sale of property
of all descriptions. Values remain firm
and rents In many parts of the cit> :
show a slight upward tendency. In tho
business district few stores of any kind
are to be had at any price, and loca
tions In business blocks now In course
of construction are all taken up.
The most important transaction of
the week, and one of the most Im
portant of the present year, was the
purchase of the vacant block of land
between Telegraph avenue and Grove
street and Thirtieth and Thirty-first
streets, 16S0 feet front in all. by A. J.
Snyder from the heirs of the Coleman
estate. This la one of the • choicest
pieces of residence property in the city J
and It will be at once subdivided lntt
suitable building lots. Mr. Snyder in
tends to commence the erection of sev
eral handsome houses at once. The pur
chase price is In the neighborhood of
$50,000.
Another important transaction wag
the sale by Wiseman, Holcomb Sc
Yajing to D. P. Durst of Wheatland of
sixty acres of fine suburban property,
located on . the Redwood road, near
School street, in Fruitvale. The sale
was made on behalf of Messrs. Price.
Belcher and Smith, and the considera
tion is understood to be about $50,000.
The tract will be subdivided for sub
urban residence lots.
HOMES BEING BUILT.
Many homes are being built in the
vicinity of Fruitvale and Elmhurst and
It Is expected that as soon as the rainy
weather is over many more will be
started. Twenty-five contracts have
been let for homes to be erected on the
Sather tract and work will be begun
as soon as weather conditions permit.
The Elmhurst Improvement Club is en-,
deavoring to induce the Board of Su
pervisors to improve the condition of
Jones avenue, but no action has yet
been taken by the board. The club will
hold a meeting next Thursday to ar
range for a Fourth of July celebration
to take place at Elmhurst.
The Alameda Advancement Associa
tion is working with the ladles of the
civic section of the Adelphian Club for
an observance of Arbor day on April
15 and the directors have agreed to
contribute to the fund which' is being
raised to secure palms and shrubs for
the new high school grounds.
The 500 mark in the membership p
the Oakland Board of Trade wp
passed yesterday, when, at a speci;
meeting of the board of directors. :
applicants were elected to membersh:
in the organization, the 500th name t
be added to the list being that of Depu
ty City Treasurer George Gross. Since
the recent Board of Trade excursion to
Lo3 Angeles 14S new members have
been enrolled in the organization. The
board will soon move to its new quar
ters in the Masonic Temple, the change
being made necessary by the sale of
the Y. M. C. A. building, where the
present headquarters are located.
Frank J. Woodward, president of the
Oakland Real Estate Association, re
cently returned from a trip to Los An
geles and in comparing that city wltr
Oakland Mr. Woodward said:
. CITY TAKES STRIDES.
"Oakland is now going ahead with
great strides, and while Los Angeles
shows evidence of the great enterprise
ot its citizens. Oakland, owing to its
more favorable location and its great
natural advantages, will not • mng b*
behind the southern city. With the
concerted movement now being mad
for public Improvements, this city wi
soon overtake and will eventually b ,
ahead of Los Angeles, both as a com
merclal and as a residence city."
The citizens of Contra Costa County
are fully alive to the great advantages
ot Oakland as*a commercial center, and
are thoroughly In accord with the citi
zens of Alameda County regarding the
improvement of the eastern shore of
the bay. The Martinez Daily Press. In
a recent issue, prints the following edi
torial:
Not lone ago a party of Oakland merchant"
visited the southland, and the results thereo
are now evident In the Bay city In the forma
tion of a "Boosters' " Club, to further the de
velopment of Oakland In every way .to hold up
the hands of the Mayor and Council In thel*
endeavor to Improve the city and. last, but ro;
least, to do away with "knockers."
Oakland has a great future. That la Insured
by Its position on the bay and Its productive
hinterland. The "Boosters' " Club will how
ever, hurry that development. Oakland fc-u
all the sifts of nature that Los Angeles po
susses, and more, and it's advance wtH be u~
phenomenal. The rrowth of Oakland r -*
I nothing but eood to Contra Costa County.-
Coleman Property on Tele
graph Avenue Sold— New
Owners forSuburban Tract
TWO IMPORTANT SALES
Dealers Report Business
Light in Consequence of
Continued Bad Weather
Pursued by a determined spouse, Guy
E. Covey is now laughing at the au
thorities from acrbss the Oregon line,
while there is an interesting' tangle
here between lawyers and the authori
ties as to who is to blame for his es
cape. Mrs. Covey has been on her hus
band's trail for many months trying to
recover'her two young sons, whom-'he
has taken away, from her. When 'she
finally succeeded in locating him in
Alameda County she swore to a crim
inal charge of not supporting his rer
cently born infant. It was from the
process in this case that he has made
his escape.
The wife states that Covey took an
unfair advantage of her. He ran away
with her two boys and at different
places has begun divorce proceedings,
but she so far has managed to locate
him in time to spoil his efforts in that
line. He had begun an action in the
courts here and was on the road to suc
cess when she arrived. She says that
she was detained in Portland on ac
count of an interesting family event,
but as soon as she was sufficiently re
covered took her Infant and came on.
Covey was located near San Leandro,
and Constable Olympia: of that town
was given a warrant for, his arrest,
sworn to by the wife. This fact was
called to the attention of Olympia. and
he released Covey until a. new warrant
could be drawn up, as a wife cannot
swear to a charge. against her husband.
Covey did not wait for a second war
rant, but dismissed his divorce proceed
ings and left. It is now claimed that
Oylmpia exceeded his authority in al
lowing Covey to go, and Mrs. Covey's
attorneys threaten him with ouster pro
ceedings if he does not get Covey back
again. ¦>:' .*?¦¦•
On the other hand, District Attorney
Allen says that Olympia was in the
right, that the warrant was palpably
defective, and places the case in the
same category as if a wrong man had
been pointed out to Olympia to arrest.
He also states that. Olympia is. an ap
pointive officer and, could resign at any
moment and be reappointed, and the
ouster threat is a bluff.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. March 27.
Full choral services were held this
evening at St. John's Episcopal
Church.
Horace W. Houlding. a missionary
from China, will conduct an all-day
meeting Friday at Union-street Pres
byterian Church.
The Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor
of the First Congregational Church, de
voted his morning discourse to a Palm
Sunday subject.
"The Story of the Cross," a cantata
by Dudley Buck, was sung this evening
at the First Presbyterian Church.
The Rev. E. R. Dille, pastor of the
First Methodist Church, gave an illus
trated sermon this evening, depicting
the principal events in the Holy week
narrative.
The First Baptist Church held its
last service to-day xt Masonic Hail,
where it has worshiped since the old
edifice at Fourteenth and Brush streets
was burned. On Easter Sunday the
congregation will hold worship in the
chapel of the new church structure
which is nearing completion at Tele
graph avenue and Jones street.
During Holy week union services will
be held for the West Oakland evangeli
cal churches at Union-street Presby-'
terian Church.
Palm Sunday was observed with ap
propriate services to-day- at all of tho
Catholic churches. High mass was
solemnized at 10:30 o'clock this morn
ing, with the blessing of the palms.
Ritualistic services were held In the
Episcopal churches. Pastors of the
evangelical- churches generally preach
ed on subjects drawn from the inspir
ation of Holy £veek.
David Starr Jordan, ' president of
Stanford University, delivered an ad
dress this afternoon at the Young
Men's Christian Association, his sub
ject being: "The Full Heart."
The Rev. "Charles B. Smythe, a mis
sionary to China, delivered an address
this evening at the Eighth-avenue
Methodist Church. * ;
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
H18 Broadway, March 27..
RAIN AFFECTS
REALTY MARKET
Officer Says Warrant Was
Defective — Ouster Pro
ceedings Are Threatened
Society of First Baptist
Church Ends Worshiping
at the Masonic Temple
BLAMES THE CONSTABLE
MISSIONARIES PREACH
Appropriate Services Are
Held in Celebration of Ap
proach of Holy Week
She ¦ Tra ils Him for Many
/Month's and Locates Him
Here, hut He Escapes
COVEY AGAIN
ELUDES WIFE
PALM SUNDAY
IS OBSERVED
FEW CONTESTS
ARE EXPECTED
WILL PROTECT
THE COMMUNITY
Republicans of Alameda
.County Are Harmonious
.mid Peace Is Watchword
Charities Indorsement Com
mittee of Oakland Adopts
General Plan for Work
MATTOS FOR SENATOR
Governor Pardee Will Have
Control of Nominations on
the Legislative Ticket
TO ISSUE CERTIFICATES
Worthy and Efficient Or
; ganizations: Will . Be Fur
nished an Official Card
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 27; .
The Charities Indorsement Commit
tee of Oakland has effected permanent
organization and is now ready to in
vestigate all organizations of a charit
able nature applying for indorsement
and to issue to all that are found tp b£
doing an honest and legitimate work
the official card of the committee. All
the organizations indorsed by the com
mittee will be required to maintain a
certain standard in their work and no
inefficient organization* will , be toler
ated by the committee. , _ • . :
The main object of the Charities In
dorsement Committee is to protect the
public from fraudulent enterprises so
liciting in the name of charity and an
endeavor will be made to establish co
operation with the Indorsement Com
mittee of San Franriscp in order that
the two organizations may work in
harmony.
AH Investigations will be made
through the officers of the Associated
Charities, acting under the direction of
the committees, and all reports of in
vestigations must be presented in writ
ing. The committee has adopted the
following standard, the plan of opera
tion to be the same as that of the San
Francisco committee: . *• ;
1. That ro indorsed charity shall lend its
name to any charity promoter or benefit by
any entertainment get up by such promoter. •
2. That no such charity shall pay its so
licit cr a commission greater than 15 per cent.
3. That the Indorsement card of every au
thorized solicitor rhall state the purpose for
which he !s collecting and the sum needed,
and that rtono^s shall enter in a subscription
book the amount contributed under their own
clfnature. '/ .
The members of the Charities In
dorsement Committee and the organi
zations represented by them are:
Hoard of Trade — H. C. Capwell, president;
J. B. Richardson, vice president.
Merchants' Exchange — D. . C. Brown, A.
Jonas.
Associated Charities — {Catherine F"elton, John
D. Isaacs.
At large — C. It. Brown, secretary; Miss C.
A. Whitney.
TEX.VIS MATCHES ARE ILELD
BEFORE THE RAIN FALLS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. March 27.
The Republican campaign has opened
in Alarrx-da County, but the indications
are that there will be few contests for
the very desirable Republican nomina
tions. There is a general inclination to
ward harmony in this county, and -the
indications are that Governor Pardee
tvill control the State legislative ticket,
that. Victor H. Metcalf will be returned
to Congress without the slightest oppo
sition and that the very few local nom
inations will be left to the minor party
leaders.
, There will be two elections for State
Senator, one in the new Thirteenth
District, comprising the rural portion
'.of the county, and the other in the
Fifteenth District, now represented by
G. R. Lukens. Senator Lukens will un
doubtedly be a candidate again, and
there is no opposition to him. Assem
blyman J. G. Mattos Jr. has announced
¦himself as a candidate in the new Thir
teenth District, and no opposition has
yft developed. Senators Knowland and
Leavitt are holdovers.
" F.or the Assembly there are appar
ently as few contests. In the district
ro»v represented by Mr. Mattos, Grove
Roberts of San Leandro will be a can
didate. J. Clem Bates of Alameda would
like to succeed himself and has no op
p.osition. Phil M. Walsh would like to
go back from the Forty-eighth Dis
trict, but Walsh kicked over the traces
nnce or twice during the last session of
the Legislature and there is talk of a
fljrht against him. though it has not yet
materialized. John W. Mott wants to
go back from the Forty-ninth District,
¦with no opposition as yet. There are
indications of a contest in the Fiftieth
between J. A. Bliss, the present .Repre
sentative, and Wiginton Creed. There
Is to be a new Representative chosen in
"the Fifty-first to succeed Dr. N. K.
Foster, secretary of the State Board of
Health. R. H. E. Espey is apparently
the only candidate. W. H. Waste of
Eerkeley will succeed himself.
• No county officers will be elected in
Alameda County this year except three
Supervisors to succeed C. F. Horner, H.
D. . Rowe and John Mitchell. Horner
has no opposition for the Republican
nomination, but G. W. Beck of Livtr
more will contest his election with the
Democratic nomination. H. D. Rowe
£as no opposition for the nomination
from his party. John Mitchell is a can
didate to succeed himself, but G. E.
Rahdolph of the Board of Education
and George Fitzgerald of the City
Council both want to take the nomina
tfon away from him.
CHARGES SAIjOOX MAN*
.- WITH ROBBING HER
Mr*- A. McEIroy Causes Arrest of D.
• . F. McCarthy, of West Oakland,
*SSg on Felony Charge.
' OAKLAND, March 27.— Daniel F. Mc-
Carthy, a saloon-keeper near the Six
teenth street station, was arrested
early this morning on a charge of rob
ber?, the complainant being Mrs. A.
MeEIroy, who charges that McCarthy
ftole two $5 gold pieces from her while
phe was in his saloon last night under
the influence of liquor. John Herbert,
a- Vacaville merchant, who has been
on a protracted spree in this city,
claimed that he had given the woman
the identical coins she says were taken
.from her.
Herbert was arrested several days
ago while flourishing a pistol and
threatening to "shoot up" West Oak
land. After his release Herbert contin
ued his drinking bout. He told his
Ftory to the police this morning, and
was turned over to his wife and rela
tives, who took him back to Vacaville.
McCarthy gave bonds for his appear
ance in court. He denies the charge of
robbery.
On Catamount Hill, at Colrain, Mass.,
a .monument has been raised to mark
the Bite of the first flag raised over a
public schoolhouse in the United States.
¦The flag in question was displayed in
May. 1812. from a big schoolhouse which
Btood on the hill.
: BERKELEY, March 27. — A burglar
entered W. R. Wright's cigar store on
Center street and bore away $80 worth
of cigars. The intruder was particular
about the brand of cigars he wished
to smoke and picked out only the best.
He effected his entrance through three
rear doors, into which he bored holes
so that he could reach the keys in the
locks and turn them.
Burglar Likes the Cijrars.
OAKLAND, March 27.— The funeral
of Leslie Birch, the special delivery
messenger, who was fatally hurt by
falling under a train last Wednesday.
Will be held to-morrow at 12:30 p. m.
from Taylor's undertaking parlors, un
der the auspices of the employes of the
Oakland postoffice. The special deliv
ery messengers will act as pallbearers
and the interment will be in Evergreen
Cemetery, Fruitvale. .;•,.-
Funeral of Leslie Birch.
MacGavin and Variel Win the Ala
meda County Championship
From Murdock Brothers.
With the completion of the doubles
tennis tournament yesterday the an
nual Alameda County championships
were finally brought to a close. The
tournaments were started more than
a month ago, but were postponed many
times on account of rain.
The final match attracted a fair
sized crowd to the East Oakland courts
in the morning. A goodmatch was ex
pected, but the spectators had to "con
tent themselves with a poor exhibition.
Robert Variel and Drummond Mac-
Gavin, the crack team representing the
University of California and California
Tennis Club, won from the Murdock
brothers; Hamilton and Percy, with
the greatest ease.
MacGavin and Variel won the first
set a week ago, and the score was 2-2
in the second set. Play was resumed
from this point, and the Alameda
County experts were able to win but
one game. Two of the three sets played
were love sets. The score in favor of
MacGavin and Varie! was 6-0, 6-3, 6-0.
The park players had barely started
when the rain commenced to fall and
play had to again be postponed. Only
one match was completed. In it Her
bert Long, the rapidly improving
youngster from the California Club,
won easily from E. P. Finnegan of the
second class. The score was 6-2, 6-1.
Norman Ambrose, the holder of the
cup in the second class, lost the first
set to Marius Hotchkiss, and the score
was about even in the second. Lewis
beat Skaggs. The latter, after losing the
first, was taken ill in the "second and
forced to retire. Finch and Brabant
started an interesting match which had
to be called off when the Bcore stood
3-3. No matches were played in the first
class.
The players from Lowell High School
will hold their annual tryout for the
academic contest on the California Club
courts this morning. The drawing re
sulted as follows: ¦ .
Preliminary round — Cowden vs. Sea, Baker
vs. Cowgill, Wilcutt vu. Luce.
First round (upper half) — Hellman vs. Si«e
llg, Goold vs. M. Long, Goodwin vs. Cutter.
First round (lower half) — Wallace a bye,
Dryden vs. Gunst, Cannon >s. Smith, RobUoi
vs. Get*.
Not the Limit.
Signor Zanetti, the magician, had
been displaying his dexterity' to an in
terested crowd of sp^ctators in a
Kentucky town. Stepping forward,
he said: . - . .
¦ "For my next trick I will require
a small flask of whisky. Will some
gentleman accommodate me with the
loan of a Dint flask?"
No one stirred. The magician was
plainly nonplussed. With an appeal
ing gesture he said:
"'I had received a different impres
sion than this as to Kentucky cus
toms. Perhaps you did not under
stand me? Will some gentleman
kindly loan me. a pint flask of
whisky?"
Again there was no response, and,
briefly apologizing, the magician said
he would be compelled to omit this
from h'is repertory for that night. He
wag turning again to his table, when a
tall, lank. man in the rear of the hall
rose. .
"Mistah," said he," "would a quart
flask do as well?" producing. a bottle
of that capacity. . "S.} '. •
"Just as well, sir/' replied" Zanetti.
And every gentleman In the house
rose with that size flask extended —
Lippincott's.
Enforced Change of Name.
A Creek brave In Indian Territory
applied fory an allotment under the
name of John Buck.. No such name
could be found on the citizenship roll,
but it was eventually . discovered ; that
the Creek, had been entered by, his, In
dian name, which . follows: , Co-e-cath
tahny-yah-lah-pon-co-conthany. It was
beyond - the power of the white man's
tongue to; master this staggering cog
nomen, so the brave , had been called
"John Buck" for short: — Exchange.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, sM ARCH 28, 1904.
Albert L. felack, One of Oakland's Prominent
Attorneys, Succumbs to Pneumonia After It
Was Thought Disease Had Been Conquered
'". : •.•'•..' — — — — — — — *•
DEATH UNEXPECTEDLY ENDS
A MOST PROMISING CAREER
WELL-KNOWN CITIZEN OF OAKLAND WHO DIED YESTERDAY. HE WAS
PROMINENT IN LEGAL CIRCLES. AS WELL AS IN THE MASONIC ORDER,
HE BEING A PAST MASTER OF OAKLAND LODGE. .
When a price' is, put on' love it never
proves to be worth the'prlce. , ¦, ¦',
WASHINGTON, March 27.— Mrs. Cor
delia "Grlnnell Willis, widow of -the au
thor, N. P. Willis, is dead, in her
eightieth year.
4
No Delay
In keeping social or business engage-
ments caucod by nervous or sick head-
ache, or other pains or aches by those
who have learned tho merits of Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain PilJs. They simply take a
tablet when the symptoms appear, and
they are quickly dispelled. In fact
Dr. Miles''
Anti-Pain Pills
Will prevent, and also cure, all pains of
every nature, and are absolutely harm-
Jess. The soothing influence upon the
nerves and muscles quiet and refresh the
irritated conditions.
"Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills always cure
my headache, and the beauty of it Is it
costs such a trine. I am glad there' is
such a remedy for people who ; must
work, sick or well. Headaches never pre-
vent me »'rom keeping my engagements "
—MRS. O. N. GRIFFITH, Santa Ana,
If first package does not benefit, your
money back. ¦
25 doses. 25 cents. Never sold in bulk.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
• 1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
V * BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street-
Telephone North 77. '
.: ALAMEDA.
1135 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4592.
OAKLANT>.
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
SEE THE PICTURES.
"THE QUEEN OF QUEJf-
PARTE." vi
The One Woman to Korea .//}
Caused the Present Confllcf
Between Japan and Russia
Docs That Surprise You?. "
Well, -See the Ills; }¦¦ (
EASTER EDITION. v\
NEXT SUXDAY CAXI* vCable Cars Collide.
Shortly after midnight yesterday
morning north-bound Powell street car
No. 503 collided with east-bound Sacra
mento street car No. 405 at the Powell
and Sacramento streets crossing. The
pass*engers on both" cars were shaken
up, but no one was injured
LARGE CROWDS ATTEXD THE
CLOSING OF FLORAL SHOW
Band Concerts and Beautiful Flowers
Draw Hundreds of People to
Fern' IJulldins.
The annual exhibition of the Cali
fornia State Floral Society' drew to a
close last Saturday evening after three
days of the mo.«t successful shows ever
held under the auspices of that insti
tution, tm
Large crowds thronged the ferry
building during the afternoon and
evening, thoroughly enjoying the* con
cert by the military band and the
beautiful array of flowers. Plans of
attractive California country homes
were exhibited by Otto F. Xieder
mueller, who aided in arranging the
floral exhibition. The prizes were
awarded as follows:
Amateur* — First prize, gold medal, Mrs.
William S. Chandler, wlldflawnrs; second prize,
silver medal, R. Llchtenbert. wlldflower col
lection; special prize, the Boclety's ribbon.
Mrs. IV. II. Wiester. general artis-Uc arrange
jr.fT.t of exhibit; silver rnrdal, offered by the
Cox Seed Company, Illw Annie L#cuders, prim
rcpes and cowslips: silver medal, Mrs. T.
fcaehau of Han I>>andro. largest nnd best col
lection of narcissus; also silver medal for best
exhibit of narcissus polyanthus, bunch flower
ir^: nlso the society rlbixm for the b»st cx
htl-it of wood hyacinths; also $2 50 for the best
exhibit of tree peonte: also silver medal for
the best exhibit of tritlia unlflora; silver med
al, Mrs. J. Branin of San L/oronso. for Keneral
collection of iri*; also sllv«r modal for the
best exhibit of alltunts; Miss Meda Hanson
received *2 for the best twelve narcissus, me
dium trumpet; rpecla! • sliver medal, John
Hinkle. Berkeley, bulbous flowers and shrub
bery: spf-cial cold medal for decorative fern,
I >r. Harry I>. Tevlp. Joseph Thompson, super
intendent: also society's silver medal for hya
cinths. Society's ribbon. Miss Annie Allen.
for the best twelve^ single jonquils; silver med
el. Andrew J. Pope. Burlln&ame. William Ket
tlewell, superintendent, for the largest and
best collection of single anemones; also a Fpe
clal award of the society's gold medal 'for an
exhibit of. crarden flowers and ehrubs: also
tw > additional prizes for the best anemones
and pansles.
The society's srold medal, r specis.l prize,
wes awarded to Golden Gate Pnrk, John Mc-
Laren, superintendent, for a general exhibit
of cut flowers and flowering shrubs.
The following are the awards to
professionals: First prize, $25, Cox
Seed Company, for best general "ex
hibit of plants and ; flowers of the
season: also $5 for the best specimen
of decorative plant palm: society's
gold medal. Vawter Carnation Com
pany, Los Angeles, field-grown carna
tions; K. Leedham of Santa Cruz re
ceived five prizes and the California
Xursery Company - was ¦ awarded three
prizes. '
About 4 o'clock Costello met Police
man T. F. Flood and Informed him that
he had been asaulted by two men on
Tehama street, between Fourth and
Fifth. He said they had asked him for
a match, and while he was feeling In
his pockets for one he was struck a vio
lent, blow on the jaw.-which laid him
out. After he recovered he discovered
that the two men had, gone, through
his pockets and had taken $4 50, all the
money he had.
Costello was unable to give the officer
any description of the two men, whom
he said he had never seen before. He
was sent to the Central Emergency
Hospital, where he was treated for a
contusion of the left Jaw, and was then
sent to his home.
James Costello, an elevator man, liv
ing at 317 Florida street, claims to have
been the victim of two footpads at an
early hour yesterday morning, and he
is nursing a sore jaw as a result of his
encounter, with them. •- ¦.
Tells Police lie Was the Victim
of Two Footpads.
James Costcllo. on Elevntor Man,
The Blue Lake Advocate reports that
Pennsylvania capitalists will build a
railroad and operate mills in Humboldt
County, the scene of their enterprise
being in eastern Humboldt and along
the south fork of the Trinity River.
CI>AIMS HE AVAS STRUCK
OX THE JAW AND ROBBED
While the Boosters have been form
ing in Oakland, the older bodies— th«
Oakland Board of Trade and the Mer
chants' Exchange — have continued on
the lines in which they have been long
engaged. There will be no pause in the
development of Alameda County in
many years, if ever, and the bodies
that are working to promote such de
velopment are entitled to credit in large
degree.
San Francisco people who have kept
in touch with the growth of the cities
in Alameda County, especially, have
been surprised. Alameda has organ
ized to continue the good work In that
city. Berkeley Is Interested In form-
Ing a large organization and has al
ready taken the first step to secure
Joint action on the part of the several
bodies that have heretofore especially
represented districts or localities.
ceived by the people of Oakland at
large. Their present aim Is to get be
hind the bond issue proposition, no the
officers of the Boosters declare.
"As soon as the City Council has
that matter In shape," said Grand
High Booster Coplin. "the Boosters
will back It. Bands will play, the Mc-
Donough Theater will be occupied,
bonfires will blaze in the streets." Ac
cording to Mr. Coplin, the Boosters now
have 800 members.
• AUBURN. March 27. — There is
considerable speculation as to {he
reason for the motion of the prosecu
tion yesterday in the Gostlin murder
trial *hat the jurors be kept in the
custody of the Sheriff from now until
¦lt(p end ot the trial. While the pro
cedure is no doubt a purely legal one,
$t has never been enforced in this
eommunitv before.
Want Jury Held in Custody.
BJsquoc Valley Citizens Capture
a Xumber of Animals That Prey
on Tfieir Stock.
BULLARD. March 26. — During the
past three weeks six lions have been
killed on the western division of the
Santa parbara Forest Reserve. Ed
' Montgomery, a rancher in the Siquoc
.-Valley, has recently had a number of
his stock killed. H»> put out poison
•atid kept a watch and was rewarded
shortly by petting three lions; two
were poisoned and the third he shot.
One measured 9 feet 4 inches from
¦tip to tip.
FARMERS ARE KFLLJXG
MANY MOUNTAIN LIONS
Of the already famous "rope com
mittee"- of the Boosters, the following
named are now members:
- ' W.. E. Gibson,' Ben O. Johnson. V. L. Fortin,
Robert- Howdtn, J. W. Bonham. R. A. Hooper,
Mrs. E. A. Bushell, Mrs. J. H. Nigsen, E«
tella XrfrBoeuf, Mrs. J. Abrahamson, Mrs. S.
"W. Booth, Mrs. J. W. Bonham. Mrs. J. C.
Bullock, Mrs. E. P. Burns. Mrs. XV.. Clark,
Mrs. QunninKham. Mm. 8. L. Cutler, .Mrs. P.
A. Deasy,- Mrs. O. I. Den'.son, Mrs. M. En
dell. Mre.J. C. -Eaton. MInj B. Ekel, Mrs.
F. O. Erwin,- Mrs. A. H. Elliott. Mrs. Judfje
Ellsworth. Mrs. W. B. Fawcett, Mrs. J. T.
Feeley, Mrs. S. B. Fisher, Mrs. E. M. Free
man. Mrs. H. Grandjean, Mrs. M. V. Hilton,
Mrs. E. A. Heron, Mrs. Hugh Hocan. Mrs.
C. F. Horncr. Mrs. II. E. Jenkins, Mrs. J.
Keller. Mrs. J. M. Kelley. Mr*. W. W. K>r
gan, Mrs.Kower, Mrs. Lafferty, Mrs. William
I<ang,' Mrs. .Annie Logan, Mrs. M. Lu6comb,
Mrs. H. C. McKlnlass, Mrs. H. B. Mehr
inann. Mrs. A. L. Merry, Mrs. James S. Nat
emith, Mrs.. L. O'NIel. Mrs. C H. Rowe.
Mra. Edwin Stearns. Mrs. N. Ryie, Mrs. S.
Splro,. Mrs.' David Smith.. Mrs. R. P. Saxe.
-Mrs. • A .- Schmidt, Mrs. J. I. Scollard, Mrs.
Selby, - Mrs. F. A. Stearns. Mrs. E. S-wank.
Mrs.'A. P. Thomas, Mrs." N.\ M. Thomas. Mlsa
G. L. Trevor, Mrs. J. Tyrrel, M«. Phil Walsh.
Mrs.J. T. ; Watson,' Miss J. L. White and
Mrs.' Fr. FerKUson. .
A. Dodge Coplin is the "grand high
booster" of the Oakland Boosters. He
is an architect and a very enthusiastic
booster. From him was obtained a
list of the members of the committees
of the Boosters, as they have been
made up. . The names show how gen
erally the live and wide awake element
of Oakland is taking a hand in the
latest movement to make Oakland
known' and % admired. There is a
ladies' committee, composed of the
following' named :
LADIES ARE HELPING.
discharge and a great amount of busi
ness for us will thereby be created.
IS FOKGIXG AHEAD.
"Alameda County has accomplished
much in the way of advancement in
the last" two years. Our elec
tric railway systems have been
largely ' extended - and by that
means all surrounding towns
have been brought so muijh nearer to
our business houses. A competing
ferry has begun business arVd the lines
connecting with that ferry will in- j
crease the building of Oakland and j
make a greater city. ¦
•The tidal canal has been complet
ed. Interests have been developed on
the Alameda County water front. The
tunnel has been cut through that con
nects Oakland and Contra Costa Coun
ty. The ship building and ship re
; pairing interests of Alameda County
are thriving, as any one will see. A
safety harbor for all revenue cutters
will be on this side of the bay. There
are many other circumstances that are
making for a greater Oakland, and it
: is the office of the Roosters to assist
in all ways to help Oakland along."
The two officers of the Boosters
who have been already quoted regard
ed Oakland from the point of view of
men who are engaged in largely fur
nishing building materials and fuel.
A different but not less material ver
sion Avas supplied by the treasurer, A.
J. Snyder, who is engaged in the real
estate business and so is in direct con
tact with the strangers from abroad
and from many parts of this State who
are seeking homes in Oakland and
other points in Alameda County.
"Fifteen factories have been locat
ed on our bay shore in two years,'
Raid Treasurer- Snyder. "We are going
to have three overland roads coming
into Oakland. We are going to issue
bonds and provide for many improve
ments that will enhance the desirabil
ity of Oakland and increase Its advan
tages in several directions.
, "I have been watching Oakland
carefully for twelve yeara. In that
time there have been many changes
and the progress of this city has al
ways been forward. We have not
gone ; back one bit. Xow every indica
tion is fine for growth. Strangers are
coming in here every day to make in
quiries. They are buying much Ala
meda County real estate. We have lots
of room for growth and the building
section covers a great area, for the land
is practically level, so. that there is not
much, grading to* be done when a
home site is to be made ready to re
ceive Its buildings. We hope that
transcontinental freights to Oakland
will be cheaper than they are to San
Francisco. They ought to be, for
there is not so much handling to be
done when freights stop on this side
of the bay and originate here. Our
population Is increasing steadily and
rapidly."
OFFICERS OF THE OAKLAND
BOOSTERS WHO HAVE UNDER
TAKEN IMPORTANT TASK.
Total abstinence is not one of the
many principles of good conduct incul
cated by Mr. Xorris. He finds whisky
the medicine best suited to most of the
complaints that elephant flesh Is heir
to, and the patients have" a most un
holy appreciation of alcohol. In fact,
they only need opportunity to become
habitual drunkards, and on one occa
sion Mr. Xorris, having administered a
good dose of whisky to a performer
which was out of sorts, had the morti
fication of seeing the unprincipled ani
mal refuse to do Its tricks. Instead, It
sat down on the stage and laughed at
him.
Mechanics' Pavilion is now being pre
pared for what can be truly regarded
as one of the leading amusement
events of the season, the incomparable
Norris & Rowe's big show opening
there on April 2 for nine days. The
public eagerly looks forward every year
to the return of this meritorious at
traction, and the announcement that
the opening performance will be held
this week will be hailed with joy by
young and old.
The management is to be greatly
commended in affording the amusement
loving public an opportunity of wit
nessing the greatest animal show on
earth without the disagreeable features
attendant upon a performance given
under canvas. Comfort and safety are
the first consideration of Xorris &
Howe, and Mechanics* Pavilion, when
the mechanics have completed their
work will rival the famous Madison
Square Garden ln-Xew York City as a
place of exhibition. *
The results of Clarence Norris' ele
phant school will be seen in fine new
acts presented by Fargo, Duchess and
Hero. In the winter quarters of Xorris
& Rowe's shows, at San Jose, Mr. Xor
ris. famous as a trainer of animals,
spends strenuous days in the winter in
mastering the natural stupidity and the
natural intelligence of the elephant. He
finds stupidity easier to manage, for
elephantine intelligence runs towillful
nf-ss and unrehearsed effects in the
ring.
Public to See Results
of a School for
Elephants.
SHOWMAN WHOSE ATTRACTION
WILL SOON' KNTKKTAIN THE
PEOPLE OF THIS CITY.
SUISUK, March 26.— In the debat
ing contest here Saturday evening, a
team from the Lowell High School of
Ban Francisco was defeated by a
team representing Armljo High School
of this place. The question debated
-was: "Resolved; That the United
States Senate acted right in ratify
ing" the treaty with, Panama," the
affirmative being represented by the
Armijo team and the negative by the
J>owell team. The local team was
oompossed of Miss Dell Carpenter.
Miss Ethel Hamilton and John P.
Coghlan; the visiting team, Maurice
E. Harrison. David L. Levy and Louis
It. Und*rhill. The judges were J. H.
Mayer of San Francisco, Miss Kate
Arifs of Xapa and Judge A. J.
Buckles of this place.
Side on Panama Treaty and
Are Defeated.
San Francisco Team Take Negative
STISITX DEBATERS ARE
WINNERS OVER LOWELL
•The call for the Oakland meeting of
the rope committee was made on Feb
ruary 25 and the meeting was held on.
March- 4. The signers for the call of
the first of .the Oakland meetings were
M.TJ. Keller. A. D. Coplin, W.E. Lo
gan. Hugh Hogan. J. Francis Smith,
Philip M. Walsh. R. McMullen. F. L.
Button, E. A. Bushell, James S. Nai-
Rmitta, C. J. Heeseman. W. W. Kergan,
James P. Taylor, Walter B. Fawcett.
Theodore Gier, George Fitzgerald. J. J.
Marcovlch. A. J.- Snyder, H. B. Mshr
mann and J. F. Forsyth.
The . Boosters have been well re-
The history of the Oakland Boosters
is very well known. The Oakland
Board of Trade organized, with the
Southern Pacific Company's co-opera
tion, an excursion of 300 persons, who
started on February 8 to visit the
southern part of California. Pasa
dena, Los Angeles, Riverside, Colton.
Redlands. Pomona. Catallna Island
and other points were viewed.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce extended Its hospitality and
everything that the southern counties
have done to improve their condition
was brought within easy observation
of the observant tourists from Oak
land. On the trip to Catalina Island
a rope .committee was organized In a
spirit of fun. When the tourists re
turned to Oakland a meeting was
called of the rope committee and from
that meeting the organization of the
formation of the Oakland Boosters has
resulted. • .
ORIGIN OP BOOSTERS.
The. object. of the Oakland Boosters shall
be to boost In every legitimate manner any
thing that will tend toward the development
and betterment of Oakland. Also It shall be
the duty of each member to use all legitimate
means to counteract the effect of any ••knock
er," wherever or whenever he or she may
appear, and to report the same to the exec
utive committee ! for such action a» It may
Any man or woman who will sign the roll
and acknowledge their allegiance to the prln
olp'es contained In article II, of this consti
tution f>hall be etlglble for membership.
. The duties of the president, first vice presi
dent, second vice-president, treasurer and sec
retary be those that are commonly un
derstood as belonging to these office* under all
parliamentary procedure. -
The duties of the grand high Booster shall
be to take charge of and be responsible for
the active, boosting and entertainment of the
organization.' He shall have full power to use
Ms own discretion In the matter of arranging
the vpeclal .features of each meeting, shall
appoint his .own committees, formulate satis
factory programmes, and If his action be not
satisfactory to the assembled Boosters he may
be fined for . dereliction of duty, as the club
It shall als;> be the duty of the grand high
Booster to appoint a "rope committee- of as
many members a3 he shall see fit. and h«
shall also be held responsible for the faithful
performance of the duties of this committee.
It Is understood that the meetings of the
Oakland -Boosters partake of a two-fold na
ture — business features to be under the direc
tion of the president, boosting features to bo
In sole charge of the grand high Booster.
There shall be no regular dues paid by the
members of the Oakland Boosters, and It shall
be the duty of the finance committee, acting
with the treasurer, to make a report when
ever. In their judgment, they think It neces
sary of any Indebtedness -of the organization,
and to recommend their claim on which said
Indebtedness may be raised.
There shall i be a regular meetlnr of the
Boosters on the . first Tuesday In each month.
Other meetings shall be special, and shall
be under the direction of the grand high
Booster. . ¦• . ¦
Grand High Booster Coplin is working
hard and "with good effect so that the
Boosters have been heard of through
out the length and breadth of the Pa
cific Coast already. When Mr. Coplin
was asked for some particulars about
the form of organization that the
Boosters have formally adopted, he
produced the constitution and by-laws.
From them some paragraphs are ta
ken for "the use of any other commun
ity that may strive to emulate the ex
ample of the Oakland people. A few
of the provisions are as follows:
LEADING PROVISIONS.
The membership of some of the other
committees includes the following:
Boost Hotel Committee— Hugh Hogan. A.
C. Henry D Edward Collins. Judge Ells
worth. H. Grandjean. M. J. Keller. H. C.
Taft C. J. Heeseman. J Tyrrel. Emll Lenn
hart.' James P. Taylor. H. C. Capwell. Leon
B. Goldberg William J. Laymance. D. H.
McLaughlln W. " W. Kergan. J. C. Gllson.
Press Committee — Edwin Stearns. William
J. Laymance Stuart H\ Booth. E. O. O'Brien.
Harry Perry* George Ebey. E. A. Bushell. F.
O Erwln E. M. . Freeman. Albert W. Roach,
a. A. Rothemal. W. A. Rouse. Julius Seul
txrger L A. Stephenson.- W. L. Webb.
Booster Committee— H. C. Capwell. A. H.
Elliott M. J. .Keller. A. A. Pennoyer. Hugh
Hogan' James P. Taylor. George Fltzs-ralrt.
James 8. Nalsmith. R. J. McMuIlen. H. P.
Bancroft. G.- T. Forsyth. Edwin Stearns. <,.
J Heeseman. H. Grandjean. Julius Abraham
son J. Francis Smith. A. J. Snyder. Abe P.
Leach. Walter B; FawcetU. W. K. Logan. J.
J. Marcovlch. Fred L. Button. W. V< . Kergan.
W." E. Gibson.
OTHER, COMMITTEES.
W. E. Gibson. H. E. Robins. Karl H. Mtextl,
HeDry Dodge. Willard W. White. P. A. De*ay,
Fr. J. Taylor, Charle* i H. Taylor. H. U
Kemp. R. A. Jackson, Wesley Adams. Harry
L. Holcomb, E. A. Drew. Fr. M. Fer
guson. A. Jonas. William Lang, .Walter E.
Logan Charles H. Rowe. J. F. Shrader. F. A.
Stearns, J. R. Tbllman. Fr. W. Tower. J.
Tyrrel, Ed P. Baggot. Charles Chtlgreen. R.
P. Bromley. Carl Doell. S. S. Austin. M. M.
Enos, Phil H. Rosenhelm. ' Richard Tutt.
CharlM L. Trow. J. G. White, John G. Bus
well Howard B. Lombard. Dr. Charles A.
Dukes. Reid Baxter, ChrU Bill. A. B. Ralston,
A. Swanstrom, E. J. Stewart. C. A. Apple
dorn, F. Bach. . A. J. Barton. L. Blttrell. W.
Bock, J. Colman. J. W. Corder. J. T. Feeley.
J. M. Scotchlir, M. K. Smith. W. J. Stewart.
If. White. Jacob Woerner. A. G. Wright. C.
F. Push, A. Schmidt. F. W. Frost. M. J.
Klne. G. C. Landers, J. W. Mars, J. W. Mur
dock. R. J. Montgomery, James S. Nalroiith,
J. W. Neal, D. E. Newell. W. H. Roberts,
C. A. Roth«mal. M. Schneider.
James P. Taylor is the second vice
president of the Boosters. .He is
also a solid business man. Whrm he
was asked what prospects Oakland
has, he spoke, from a point of view
different from that of ; President
Hogan, but his hopeful utterances
were in the same • strain and his be
lief was founded on equally sound
considerations.
Mr. Taylor is connected with the
coal business and is allied with large
Interests.* '.'I can see ¦ clearly,"./ Mr.
Taylor said, "that if the Government
will give us proper consideration . in
channel making for our/ harbor we
will have a great volume of commerce
to handle. -" Appropriations have been
made and work has /been performed
that Is of value to Oakland- an'd- to th<»
people of all . Alameda^tCounty. We
have two transcontlnenitil,; roads now
in Oakland and will, have more. There
would be no difficulty Hnibrlnging' all
ships and rail s together in Oakland
harbor if we had a few' feet more
water.- When the Government listens
to that consideration, the deepest
draft ships > : that are carrying- cargoes
can come ] into our harbor,, to load and
President Hogan paused at his desk—
this interview and all others with of
ficers of the Boosters taking place dur
ing business hours and at business
places — and after telephoning resumed
with enthusiasm:
"Now, when I talk about Oakland I
am naturally pleased with the topic. So
are all loyal Oaklanders. While we nat
urally are satisfied with our natural
advantages, which are great, we are
also delighted when our claims receive
such strong Indorsement as they, have
been given during the last few years by
great aggregations of capital from the
outside.
"We believe heartily that Oakland is
on the right side of the bay for busi
ness. The Standard Oil Company has
emphatically indorsed this view by lo
cating af Point Richmond a great and
growing plant. The Santa Fe Railroad
system has evidently the same view. It
is now In Oakland. The Western Pa
cific Railroad and the Rick Island are
morally pure to come through Oakland.
I think that the Western Pacific will
be running its trains In within five
years on the overland business.
"According to the last postofflce cen
sus, which approximates the real fact,
Oakland has a population of about
83,000 In round numbers. Land .for home
sites on this side of the bay Is cheaper
then It is In San Francisco, and the cli
mate and the size of lots make the
eastern shore much more desirable as a
place of residence. We have a com
peting ferry, and that is proving to be.
a great agency in attracting home site
buyers. The Boosters are back* of a
legitimate proposition. They will co
operate with the Oakland Board of
Trade, the Oakland Merchants' Ex
change and with all other organizations
and with every individual in" Alameda
County who entertains the sam$ pur
pose of boosting^flrst, last and all the
time." .
"You will see by reference to. article
two of our constitution and by-laws
that we provide that we shall boost in
every legitimate manner anything that
will tend toward the development and
betterment of Oakland. It is also made
the duty of each member to use all
legitimate means to counteract the ef
fect, of any 'knocker' whenever he or
she may appear, and to report the same
to the executive committee for such ac
tionfasflt may deem. fit. — Anyman or
woman who shall sign the roll and ac
knowledge allegiance to this pro
gramme is eligible for membership."
"You have great faith in the future
of Oakland?" was asked.
"Every one who knows the facts re
lating to TDakland has faith in it," re
marked President 'Hogan. "Only a
'knocker' ever gives out any different
idea. Why, just see what Oakland has:
From here .to Contra Costa in one di
rection and practically to San Jose in
the other there is bay shore for slte3
of manufacturing plants. That entire
area, being on. the oast shore of the
bay, will eventually bring business and
prosperity to Oakland, to which it is
tributary largely from a geographical
point of view. A strong start has been
made in the establishment of manu
facturing concerns on the bay shore.
Fifteen such have been established be
tween here and the boundary of West
Berkeley in the last two years."
TOPIC IS PLKASIXG.
"We have formed an organization,"
said President Hogan, "which has not
for Its prime purpose to originate, but
is actuated by the desire and endowed
with the ability to get behind such en
terprises as may prove beneficial to
Oakland and boost. Our name exactly
describes what we intend to do and
will do.
The president of the Oakland Boost
ers is Hugh Hogan. He is the manager
of a lumber company- that' does a large
business, and so he is in ready touch
with many lines of business that
concern the advancement of the
charming and thriving city of Oak
land. To him application was made for
information concerning the hopes of the
Boosters and the solid basis* on which
the hopes rest. Mrl'Hogan Is busy, and
that Is one reason why he has time to
do something for Oakland., All busy
men find time to work.
Alameda Cormty fgrnlihea _*,,
a striking example <rf~develop-""
ment and growth, due largely
to the energy and enterprise
with which the people have
met the responsibilities Im
posed upon them by their Im
portant position. Alameda
County is a place of charming
homes and dcllzhtfnl home
life. Its business, manufact
uring and commercial future
is -very bright. There Is noth
ing lacking in Alameda County
to conduce to the happiness of
the dwellers therein. .Much
that has been accomplished
and much that Is hoped for hi
material development looks to
the organizations of patriotic
'citizens for its origin. A fine
work has been performed by
the Oakland Board of Trade
and by the Oakland Merchant-*'
Exchange. The Oakland Boost
ers, the most, recent, body to be
formed for progress hi Oakland,
has already gained prominence
by reason of Its alms and the
character and large number of
Oaklanders who have become
connected with it. Alameda
and Berkeley and other com
munities also hare strong or
ganizations.
That the people of the State
miry appreciate and understand
how and why Alameda County
is so rapidly forging ahead, it
is purposed by The Call to give,
on successive Monday morn
ings, for a period, accounts of
the methods of the affiliated
promotion bodies of the county.
This morning readers will read
nbout the Boosters. Next 3Ion
day morning the Oakland
Board of Trade will be de
scribed. On the following Mon
day the Oakland Merchants*
Exchange will be given space.
In turn the other organizations
of the county will receive at
tention, the purpose being to
assist in their efforts.
WILL DESCRIBE
ORGANIZATIONS
OF LIVE COUNTY
Loyal Bodies Are
Working for v
Success.
Recent Progress
Gives Great
Promise.
This Is one of the most Important steps in
your life. What your fathers and mothers and
your sponsors promlwd In your names on the
day of your baptismal, you on this day assume
to yourselves, you taking off their shoulders
the responsibilities for which they stood.
So long as you follow the precepts of
Christ your parents nnd your friends *hall al
ways have confidence in your future lives.
You arc all young, and you now Etep Into
the world with all Its many nnd deplorable
temptations, which 'I adjure you to shun.
It seems lc< me. durlns th» many hours we
have passed together, that my words about the
fellowship of the Savior have made an Im
pression upon your hearts, nnd I hope that
when In later years you flhall remember thlx
solemn hour you can say to yourselves, "I
have kept my confirmation vows."
Next Sunday evening there will be a
special service at St. Paul's German
Evangelical Lutheran Church, in which
the newly confirmed will take part.
Those who were confirmed by Rev. Mr.
Branke are as follows:
Frederick Lawrence Bluecher: ' Carl Leopold
Rot-nicke; August Carl Roller; Edmund Paul
Thiele; Fricdrlch Bastlan: Gustav Helnrich
Rlssmr.nn: Mette Sophie. Ahlf; Lillian. Anna
AVllhelmine Bockmann: Anna, Alwlne Sommer;
Klsa, Marie, Sophie von Bornemann; Pearl,
Ethel, ApolJonla Welgol; Anna, Katherlna.
Mueller; Elsa, 'WSlhelmine Schnellkopf: Emma
Auguste Loear; Jeanette Marl* Hoffman;
Pauline, Maria. Augunta Buck: Lulu, Caro
line Busch, and May, Beatrice Heaphy.
Herbert Oscar Ald?n. Mildred Maria Allen.
William Martin Aschmann. Narcissa Rasrnhil.t
Marie Bengston. Oscar Arthur Children, Freda
Millie Chilgren. Nellie Margarita Forsbefg,
Mary Victoria Fred, Oswald Herman Charles
Frisch, Jennie Wllhelmlna Grosman, Juantta
Salma HedberR. Gertrude Adeline May Jansen,
Oscar Wa'fred Johnson. Hmrv Herman Joost,
Hermione Slssrid Therese Lindskos, Carl Johan
Lindstrom. Karin Maria Lindstrom. Affnes
Margaret Lindstrom. Oke Axolson LindFtrom,
Will Christopher I^ohsen, Julia Lundqulst,
Pauline Klizabeth ],undstrnm, Amanda Wil
helmina Mannerberg. Edward Julius Nelander.
Blla Natalia Olsson. Harald Patterson. Alma
Klvira Anderina Pearson. Adolph Ernest
Schmidt, Bernhard Sacrisen, Arthur Chrlsten
sen Toft.
REV. BRAXKE'S ADMOXIT1OX.
At St. Paul's German Evangelical
Church the Rev. Paul Branke, the pas
tor, confirmed a class yesterday with
impressive ceremony. After the con
firmation the Rev. Mr. Branke spoke of
the importance of the step the newly
confirmed had taken. He said in part:
Christ deserves the best word you ever ut
tered, the gladdest song you ever *angr. the
healthiest do> you ever lived and the strongest
heart throb you ever felt.
I have led you now to the crossroads and I
have :>olnted out the way. I can now only
pray. "Lead them In the way e\«r]astlng."
The thirty who were confirmed and
who will receive their first communion
next Sunday are:
One thins is needful still, a friend to jour
ney with you, and where shall we find a friend
like Jepus? • . .
Confirmation of thirty candidates
took place yesterday morning at the
First English Lutheran Church, the
pastor. Dr. E. Nelander. performing the
confirmation rite by laying on hands,
according to the usage of the Lutheran
church. At the conclusion of the rites
each candidate was given the right
hand of fellowship by Dr. Nelander. In
addressing the newly confirmed Dr. Ne
lander said in part:
You will need flrtt the staff of faith to lean
on. For thl? journey be appareled In hop*:
put on the sandals of service; take the word of
God as food on your Journey.
DR. XELAXDEIt CONFIRMS.
At St. Mary's Cathedral Archbishop
Montgomery blessed the palms, and the
ceremony was intensely impressive. The
music accompanying the exercises was
very beautiful and splendidly rendered.
The Passion was read in English by the
Very Rev. Father Prendergast. His
Grace Archbishop Riordan was in the
sanctuary during the- service.
At St. Ignatius Church there was an
immense attendance and the ceremony
was imposing. The service of the bless
ing of the palms began at 10:30 o'clock,
the Rev. Father Edward Allen being
the celebrant. All the Jesuit commu
nity, the priests and professors of St.
Ignatius College were in the sanctuary,
together with thirty-six acolytes. Imme
diately after the blessing of the palms
a solemn procession was organized,
consisting of the Very Rev. Father
Superior John P. Frieden, the clergy
and the acolytes, which wended its way
through the aisles of the church. The
male choir meanwhile rendered the lit
urgical vocal music. The mass followed,
during which the Passion was read ac
cording to St. Matthew. The blessed
palms were distributed among the con
gregation.
At St. Dominic's Church there was
the usual Impressive Palm Sunday ob
servances, and at St. Francis, where
the attendance was also large,- the
palms were blessed and distributed. At
the Paulist Church, on California
street, there was also a service in ac
cordance with the holy day.
There were large attendances of wor
shipers at the Roman Catholic churches
yesterday morning, when the blessing
of the palms was generally observed
and processions were formed and palms
distributed.
TVATSOXVILLE. March 27. — Train
2*o. 28. consisting of two coaches and
a- baggage car, which left Santa Cruz
»t 4:50 o'clock this afternoon on the
<coa?t division of the Southern Pacific
met with disaster at 6:30 o'clock at
Lafiruna, about three miles from here.
The country thereabouts is of a
elough character and the heavy rain
had rendered the roadbed unstable.
When the train was passing at good
Fpeed the rails spread suddenly and in
an Instant engrine, coaches and bag
cape car were off the track and fur
rowing in the mud.
' Some of the passengers aboard were
considerably alarmed as the train con
tinued its dash through the ooze, In
cidentally tearing up fifteen rail
lengths of track. The cars -were not
overturned n.nd the passengers were
'•enable to alight without difficulty and
continue the journey on foot to Wat
ponville. A wrecking train was im
mediately sent from San Jose and the
track was repaired.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Persons Aboard the Train
.'Walk to Town While the
Damage Is Being Repaired
Lutheran Church Pastors
Impose Responsibilities on
Many That Join Flocks
PASSENGERS ALABMED
IMPOSING CEREMONIES
Palms Are Blessed and Dis
tributed to Devout in the
Catholic Churches of City
Coaches Leave the Track
:<ih the Slough District
. Xot Far From Watsonville
HOLY BRANCHES
GIVEN FAITHFUL
RAILS SPREAD
BENEATH CARS
BIG BEASTS
ARE TRAINED
AT SAN JOSE
PROMINENT OAKLAND MEN, OFFICIALLY CONNECTED WITH "BOOSTERS,"
GIVE REASONS FOR THEIR BELIEF IN THE FUTURE OF THRIVING CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, s MONDAY;- MARCH: 28; 1004.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
and other stomach trouble*
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
This scientific germicide is abso-
lutely harmless : it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute and see that
each bottle bears my sijrnature. Trial sue.
81.OO, at druggists or by mail, from
61OPrtBCe5t. - - New York.
Strut for Booklet Eov to Treat Ditetuea.
O. R. & N. CO.
or.EGON sail* Marrh 28, April 7. 17. 27.
Mzy 7. 17 and 27. GEO. XV. ELDER sail*
lla rch 23. April 2. 12. 22. May 2. 12 and 22.
Only n^amship line to PORTLAND. OR., and
rturf rail !:r.a from Portland to all points
Ec*t. Through tickets to all points. Steamer
ti>-k«ts ir.<-iude berth and meal6. Steamer sails
f<s>{. of {-prar «t.. at 11 a. m. 8. F. BOOTH.
G<r. Art. Pae». Dept.. I Montgomery St.; C.
• OLIFrORD. Gen. Agent Freight Dept.. 3
M'iniromery «t.
Qieanics.s.eo. asRass
- P. ALAMKDA, for Honolulu. Apr. 2, II a.m.
1 &. 6, VENTCKH. for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
1 :nd cn'1 Ky<!ney. Thur.. Apr. 14. 2 p. m.
"S. *=. MAUIPOSA. for Tahiti. Apr. 23. 11 a.m.
ULSKECQU t BEOS. CO.,A£tt.,Ti£ttt OISCE 643 Mar-
lii St., FR12W Offia 323 Market SL, Pier 7, Pacific St.
COXPAGXXE GESERALE TRAKSATLANTIQUE.
DlfeECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. O\^»_
h-l!:^K ever? Thursday instead of •jffA££ii
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. — ****.*•¦
Jscrih River, foot of Morton «t.
Kir*t c!as» to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
end o!ae>» >o Havre, $15 and upward. GEN-
VRAL AGUNCT FOP. UNITED STATES AND
£ r A^ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudscn building).
/* ew r«rk. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paelnc Coast
f" gents. 5 Montjcornery avenue. Can Francisco.
rr,;i by ell Railroad Ticket Agents.
Tr- ~ :
!fj£*r<» Island and _V >lle jo steanxem.
fiftcsiner GEN. FRJSBIE or MONTICELLO—
t!> a. m . 4:15 nnd 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
'iUfiay. :¦ 45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
_t. m - K':3O and 6 p. tn., except Sunday. Sun-
»-.y. 7 a. 3i.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents. TeL
Iain IOCS. Pier 2. Miaslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. ;
Th» Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 gutter st.. will
e«!l for and cherk bapR-ape from hotels and
r*5ld»T,cee. Telephone Exchange 312.
' • S*e\C F\. Fteamers leave Broadway
/O>^"^$«\ wharves. Piers 9 and 11.
/q»v_ \tf\ an Francisco.
•/ft/W^^fck Y"*\ or Ketchtkan, Wranirel,
I I VlM*ja I I J" re *u. Halnes. Fkapway,
l \ \P%^\ j J etc., Alaska — 11 a. m . Mar.
\*\ \i - " "IrtV 26. 31. Apr. 5. Change to
V^xJI^^/y/ Company's steamers at Seat-
¦^^^«£1^ f OT Victoria. Vancouver.
Pert Townaend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Bel-
I'.RCham — 11 a. m.. Mar. 2R. 31. Apr. 5. Chang*
at- Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka end G N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma. to
' Ni P. My. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
.For Eureka (Humho'.dt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
T- rn.. Mar. 23. 23. Apr. 4. Spokane. 1:30 p.
•m... Mar. 26. Apr. 1.
For Lo» Anpe!e« {via Port Los Angeles and
Itedcrtdcj. ban Diepo and Santa Barbara — San-
la Rota. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Ftate of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For ' I>o« Angeleg f via San Pedro and East
Ben Pe'irr). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terej . San Simeon. Cayucoe, Port Harf ord (San
.Iajie Obtapc). Ventura B.r-4 Hueneme.
Cot DaT. » a. rii.. Mar. 24. Apr. 1.
•Bontta. 0 b. m.. Mar. 28. Apr. 3.
. . Ff^r .Ensenada, Mefrdalena Day, 6an Jose del
Cctv>, ¦ Mazatl»n. Altata, La Par. Eanta, R»>-
Fal'ft. Guaymaf" <Mex.>. 10 a. m., 7th each
nynth. For further information obtain folder.
Kicht it reserved to chance eteamers or sailing
• TICKET OFFICES— 4 N>w Monterom-
ery Et. rPalace Hotel), 10 Market et. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market «t.
C. T>. r)t;XANN. General Passenger Agent.
: ' 10 Market et.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.Russian military authorities are confidently* of. the.
opinion that the Far Eastern war will be a long one. To
outside nations, that have recovered from. whatever sen
timental spasms they indulged, there; is everything to
indicate that the conflict will be. long enough to satisfy
the most vindictive designs of both combatants.
Though the bow was long the great
TCeapon of the Japanese, It was the
'sword, the katantr, that was the glory
of the Samurai. Many years, and the
best thought and work of many brains
end hands, went to the perfection of
its making:. Men gave their lives to
the perfection of its use, till it became
Indeed a marvelous and a terrible
thing in their hands. All systems of
swordsmanship were studied, each un
der its best exponent, and the pupils
Bet themselves to improve on their
masters' teaching and to add minutiae
of their own devising. Beautiful in
its form, its temper, its power — sur
rounded by superstition, honor and
worship — tae sword became a deity,
the Samurai its priesthood. Not only
by his devotion to the sword and its
exercise, but also-V/y physical training,
and by the practice of the delicate and
scientific art of "jujitsu," did the sol
dier fit himself for his profession. He
could fight, and fight effectively, with
any, even the rudest weapon, and at
any disadvantage; on the field of bat
tle he engaged for choice in single
combat. But he was not merely a
redoubtable combatant; the conditions
of his service raised him far above
The unique character of the
SanJtarai. that which 1 marks
him off from every* other
soldier the world has seen, and
which bore such magnificent fruit In
later times, was moral rather than
military- The rules laid down for his
guidance, binding the highest and the
lowest, enjoined the strictest, the
simplest, the best living. A Samurai
must be active and zealous in all that
appertains to his calling, its science as
•well as its practice; he must be stu
dious, but not in vain pursuits, must
keep himself physically sound, must
live and dress In the plainest fashion,
abstain from dancing and from all
enervating amusements; he must
make and keep himself a man. Loy
alty, piety, simplicity, and courage —
these were to be his watch-words; the
utmost self-deniaL the" freest sacrifice
of life, not in a trivial cause, but in
the cause of honor, of morality or of
Before the j-ear 1868 Japan #ras dom
inated by militarism. Originally the
Mikado hail been the real as well as
the nominal head of the empire, but in
the Middle Ages the royal power of
the Mikado wan^d, outshone by the
mftittry power of the Shogun. his
commander In chief. Held at first by
royal appointment In time of war, the
Sh.ogun'B office gradually came to be
permanent, restricted first to men of
high birth end afterwards to represen
tatives of two particular clans; finally
it became purely hereditary, the sov
ereign retaining merely the right of
Investiture. Henceforth, the royal
5>ower was a mere shadow, so attenu
a'spd that -when, shortly before the rev
olution, the powers of Europe were
negotiating treaties with Japan the
negotiations were carried on by them
with the Shogun in the belief that he
was the actual reigning monarch.
While the Mikado retained in his
court at Kioto the nobles of high birth
asd Intellectual eminence, the Shogun
gathered round him at Yeddo the terri
torial nobles, or daimio, men whose In
fluence lay in th^ir landed possessions
and their military skill. The daimio
ruted their fiefs according to their
owjn wills, but owed the obedience of
vassals to their feudal lord. And, as
the Shogunate had become hereditary,
fo did the higher military sub-posi
tions, held by the leading families, be
come hereditary also; as, too, the Sho
jrun surrounded himself with the mil
itary noble?, so also did these, under
the necessities of their offices and cir
cumstances, gather about them their
military retainers, men who made war
The profession of their lives. Finally
these, in turn, handed down their of
fices and privileges from father to son,
u.ntil *here came forth at last a dis-
Mnct and separate class, to whom ul
timately the bearing of arms was re
stricted. The more troublous grew the
tl.-nes, the more important did the sol
dier become, the sharper the line di
viding him from the mere working
member of the population and the
greater his pride in himself and his
contempt for the civilian. On the one
Eide was the warrior, the strong, the
wielder of weapons, the honored— on
the other the artisan, the weakly, the
worker, the despised. Thus the Sa
murai stood out supreme, first (under
the nobles) of the population, wear
ing the two swords as sign of his
birth and proud position.
It la now a mere commonplace, to
dwtfl upon the wonderful rapidity
with which, lesg than forty years ago,
Japan with one stride advanced from
her mefiieral feudalism to the front
rank of modern civilization. Not less
remarkable than the fact itself Is the
character of the revolution of 1S6S, and
of the class from which was drawn the
majority of the men to whom that
revolution was due.
The Samurai were the unique pro
duct of Japanese feudalism and In the
•spirit of the Samurai is to be found
the most striking feature In the his
tory of the event, together with the
best explanation of the sequel and of
the enthusiasm, unerring rightness
and lofty patriotism with which the
nation is marching on its road of pro
press to-day. A country which could
produce each a class was capable of
great things.
The Samurai of Japan.
LAST week was another quiet and uneventful week
in trade, and the animation which characterized
the two preceding weeks was not visible. There
was no great speculative spasm, like the panicky col
lapse of. the cotton boom, to excite commercial circles
and business proceeded on conservative and normal lines.
As for the cotton catastrophe, it is a strange fact to
state, but it actually caused satisfaction in all lines of
cotton manufacturing, and ' several important centers,
such as Fall River, Lawrence, Philadelphia and Liver
pool, reported actual rejoicing among'' manufacturers
over the clearing off of the fevered atmosphere, which
enables both manufacturers and merchants to look a few
weeks into the future and obtain a definite idea as to
where they stand in reference to cotton values.- Since
the failure of .Sully the cotton business has shown more
steadiness and stability and. though the ultimate effects
are not yet apparent, the situation is much clearer and
therefore more satisfactory than when the boom was on.
Commercial reports from all sections of the country
were satisfactory. The weather was hardly as pro
pitious for gerieral businesses it had been for-. a fort
night and storms over wide areas cut down the distribu
tion of merchandise and otherwise hampered trade, while
,the labor question, which had fallen into comparative ob
scurity as an immediate factor, again showed itself in a
disturbing form here and there throughout the country,
not seriously, but just enough to show that it was liable
to break out again without much notice. These two fac
tors tendjed to diminish the favorable returns of the pre
ceding fortnight and set the expanding spring trade back
a peg or so. Increased demand for building materials
showed that constructive work on a large scale was im
pending, and the Jull in it indicated that possibilities of
labor controversies alone were retarding much building
that otherwise would have been well under way.
As far as the usual commercial statistics went there
was not much change in the general situation. The bank
clearings of the country fell off 6.1 per cent as compared
with the corresponding week in 1903, with the leading
cities about evenly balanced in the columns of losses and
gains. The aggregate clearings were $1,877,000,000, and
as the index point of these clearings for some time past
seems to be about $2,000,000,000, the inference is natural
that any exhibit under the two billion mark shows a
recession and anything over it a gain. The failures for
the week were 226, against 214 for the same week last
year.
There was nothing new in the great staples to excite
especial comment. The wheat market was quiet all over
the world, with few and narrow fluctuations, except at
Chicago, where quotations fluctuated according to the
varying condition of the crop, which is the governing
factor of the market at present. Wheat is in such ample
supply all over the world that there is nothing existent
to change the price of the grain one way or the other,
and whenever any market varies it is owing to its own
local conditions. The winter wheat crop of the United j
States is not looking as. well as usual, according to the
best reports, as the fall planting was backward and the
weather throughout the winter more or less unfavorable
to the growing plant; but there has been no serious
damage on the whole and the prospects at present are
for a good crop. Provisions are in ample supply in all
positions and the markets everywhere are running along
quietly under the usual normal fluctuations. Wool and
hides quoted steady to firm, with a fair demand for
both raw and manufactured goods. More frequent ad
vances in iron and steel, though slight, show less pressure
to sell and more disposition on the part of buyers to
place orders hitherto held back since the turn of the year.
Trading in Wall street has been more active since the
Northern Securities cloud disappeared and for several
days it looked as if another bull campaign were under
way; but a threatened rebellion against the plan of re
adjustment by the Union Pacific interests put a sudden
damper on the sanguine expectations of the bulls and the
market relapsed into a feverish and hesitating condition,
where it remains. The money market stands precisely
where it has been for many weeks, .funds being in large
supply everywhere and interest rates normal.
With the advent of spring the railway conditions are
improving and present indications are that the gross re-
Ceipts for March will show some increase over those of
a year ago. They tfave been falling behind for a few
months. Thus far the month's returns make a showing
better than in any preceding year in spite of the un
favorable weather. There is a better wholesale, jobbing
and retail trade all over the country, according to the
week's reports from the different distributive centers.
General business in jj California continues active. The
foreign trade of this port is still large and no complaints
are heard from either exporters or importers, except in
the wheat trade, which is making a poor export exhibit.
But barley, oats and hay have for some time been in
active demand all over the coast, as the American, Rus
sian and Japanese governments have all been and are
still large purchasers of forage for shipment to the
Orient." Japan, in particular, is making very heavy pur
chases of barley, and the American Government is tak
ing so much hay that its demands upon stocks have
largely offset the weakening influence of the recent rains.
These latter have been so copious, especially in the
southern part of the State, where they were sadly
needed, that they practically insure abundant 'crops of
grain, hay and fruit as well as of the minor products
of the soil, hence a general feeling of confidence in an
other good year is perceptible all over the State. Con
siderable damage by submersion of productive areas
along the San Joaquin and Sacramento rivers has been
done, but the gross benefit to the State is far in excess
of any local injury by overflows.
The influx of new population into the city and State
from the Eastern and Western sections of the country
continues unabated and is leading to considerable en
thusiastic figuring as to the prospective population of
San Francisco and California several years hence. These
sanguine expectations may or may not be fully realized
but the fact is indisputable that immigration into the
State is very large and of the choicest quality* and is
likely to continue indefinitely. This produces a very,
cheering effect upon everybody and is doing as much as
anything else to make times active and good throughout
the' entire State. Thus, with this large immigration,
brilliant crop prospects, abundance of money and a brisk
and continuous demand for the products of our farms,
California is warranted in looking forward to . another
very fine commercial and agricultural year. - ..:•?¦'
At the forthcoming St. Louis Expo
sition there is to be a restaurant for
dyspeptics, managed by a woman who
has won a reputation as a lecturer on
hygiene. Baked apples are to be the
specialty. Let the visitor's indigestion
assume whatever form it will, the
baked apple is to be depended upon to
cure It. Sometimes (In patent medi
cine advertisements, particularly) indi
gestion is pictured as a horrible, an
gular, unfeeling monster. The caterer
to the dyspeptics has arranged, says
the New York Evening Post, to pelt
thisdragon with baked apples until it
faints and dies. Baked apples soothe
the jaded stomach, please the fancy,
and, when they are rich and sugary,
delight the taste. Biscuits And cake
will be "barred" from this gastronomic
haven; it may be that bananas will
also be ejected— the experiments have
not as yet gone far enough to deter
mine that point.
For Dyspeptics.
There was a etrange commixture of
nationalities In the Peninsular War.
There were Spaniards fighting on both
sides. Thousands of them, who surren
dered wholesale at the battle of Es •
pinosa, took part afterward in the ter
rible Moscow campaign. Four thou
sand of them were reconveyed to
Spain from the Baltic by British naval
officers in 1812. Portuguese troops
were drafted Into Napoleon's forces
and died like files in that disastrous
business. It need not be stated what
gallant allies they proved to us when
drilled and organized by that grand
Irishman, afterward Field Marshal
Lord Beresford. to whom the church
of Ireland owes its useful "Marshal
Beresford's fund." The Duke of Wel
lington ardently desired to have these
experienced soldiers under him again
In the Waterloo campaign, but the
Portuguese Government ungratefully
refused leave. There were Swiss regi
ments on both sides. There were Ger
laans in both armies. Not only was
the splendid King's German Legion a.
tower of strength to the British army,
but the Fifth Battalion of the Sixtieth
Rifles (the Royal Americans, In which
Duncan Heyward, of the "Last of the
Mohicans," was a major), were as early
as 1798, when they served in the Irish
rebellion In County Wexford under Sir
John Moore, composed* of foreigners
and were In the Peninsula chiefly
made up of German deserters from
Soult's army. That there were Irish
gralore in the Duke's command goes
without speaking. The deeds of the
Eighty-seventh and Eighty-eighth,
Faugh-a-Ballaghs and Connaught
Rangers, though they were "Picton's
iheivin* blaguards," live In. martial
story. But few know that Napoleon
had an Irish regiment, and that it
served in the Peninsula, and was un
der his banner in 1815, though not ac
tually at Waterloo.
We have a curious account of their
gallant service In that fascinating
though sometimes I think apocryphal
book, the "Memoirs of Baron Le Mar
bot." Marbot reminds me strongly of
Brigadier Etienne Ggrard; they must
have been first cousins at least. Massena
had commenced his ill-fated advance
on Portugal, where he was destined to
be foiled by the wonderful lines of Tor
res Vedras. Marbot states that his ex
pedition very nearly came to an end
at Viseu through lack of foresight on
his part. He made his artillery march
on the extreme right of the column,
away from the masses of his Infantry,
its only protection being an Irish bat
talion In the French service and 'a com
pany of French grenadiers. Marching in
single file more than a league in length,
the park was proceeding slowly and
laboriously by difficult roads when sud
denly on its right flank appeared the
famous partisan. Colonel Trant, at the
head of 4000 or 5000 Portuguese militia.
If they had surrounded the convoy and
made a determined attack all the ar
tillery, ammunition and provisions
would have been captured or destroyed.
But Trant, as he himself said after
ward, could not suppose that a general
of Massena's renown and experience
could have left unsupported a convoy
I so essential to the safety of his army,
I and imagining that a powerful escort
) must be close at hand he advanced with
extreme caution, confining his attack to
the leading company of grenadiers, who
replied by a heavy fire, which killed
some fifty men. The militia recoiled in
I alarm, and Trant, doing what he ought
to have done at first, overlapped a' por
tion of the coavoy. As he advanced he
discovered how weak was the escort,
and sent a flag of truce to the officer in
command, summoning him to surrender
or else he would attack all along the
line. The French officer adroitly con
sented to negotiate in order to give the
Irish regiment time to come up from
the rear of the convoy. At length they
made their appearance at the double.
As eoon as the French commander saw
them he at once broke off the parley,
saying, "I cannot treat any further,
here is my general coming to my sup
port at the head of 8000 men." Each re
sumed his position, but Trant shortly
left his and made off, thinking that he
had to do with the advanced guard of a
strong column. Thus the game of bluff
was won and the artillery saved, but
the French army soon learned the dan
ger It had been in and great indigna
tion was excited. Ney, Junot.'Reynler
and Montbrun went off at once to
General Fririon, the chief of the staff,
and addressed strong remonstrances to
him. Not satisfied with his explana
tions, the four corps comanders went
on to Massena and had a 'fierce alter
cation with him. However, he pacified
them for a time, but only for a time,
as I may perhaps be allowed to tell In
another communication. — Robert Stave
' ly, in Weekly Irish Times.
Napoleon's Irish Fighters.
patriotism — these the Ideals of his ac
tion. And behind the code of service
of the Samurai was Buddhism, long a
living force, -which taught him 'that
serenity of soul was better than all the
joys of worldly life, that Nirvana, the
death of all passions and appetites,
was the gateway to the everlasting
peace; taught him to hold nothing so
dear but that he could give it up
freely and cheerfully if need might
be. The time came when the need
was, and the Samurai to a man
obeyed the call. — St James Gazette.
TRADE CONDITIONS CHEERFUL.
<_ ¦ i > . • -j ¦ .¦¦-.¦¦¦¦
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cai-«
ilornla street, Telephone Main 1043, *
. \It is getting along toward the time when primary elec
tions will claim attention, and it is therefore pertinent'for
one good citizen to ask another, "Have you registered
Townseiid's California Cine* fruit* an
choice candles. In artistic flre-etche
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friend 1
715 Market street, above Call building.
The New York tabbies are taking to
the veldt, for the Board of Health has
decreed, that no cat is hereafter to be
kept without a collar oh its neck on
which is engraved the name and ad
dress of the owner. The department of
health is to have the power to seize
any cat or dog not licensed or provided
with; a' collar when v at large in the
streets. These animals are to be im
pounded and released on the presenta
tion of the license for the dog within
Rough on Mollie Bruiser.
SNOWFALL— L., City. Ths follow
ing is the record of snowfall In San
Francisco since 1876: January 21,
1876, light snow fell for ten minutes;
December 31, 1882. heavy fall from
11:30 a. m. to 4:20 p. m., amount 3.05
Inches; February 6, 1883, few flakes
during the day; February 7. 1884,
snow fell at intervals during the day,
depth varying from 1 to 2 inches; Feb
ruary 5. 1887, snow during the day.
depth on Market street and Grant ave
nue 3.7 inches, in Western Addition 7
inches; January 4. 1888, a few flakes
during the day; January 16, 188S,
snow to the depth of .1 inch; March 2,
1894, a few "flakes during the" day;
March 2, 1896. snow mixed with rain
fell at intervals during the day; March
3, 1896, heavy snow during the night,
depth 1 inch. .
TIBET— M. S., City. Tibet Is an ex
tensive region of Central Asia, in
cluded in the Chinese Empire, stretch
ing from 79 to 103 degrees east and
from the chain of the Himalayas to
nearly 40 degrees north, being separat
ed on the north by the Tagh Range
from Plastern Turldstan, and on the
northeast by the Nanshan Range from
the Chinese province. It Is 1400 miles
long from east to west, and 600 miles
in breadth.
MINER'S INCH — W. M., Santa.
Rosa. A miner's inch for measuring
water is not the same in all the States.
In California it is fifty cubic feet per
second. A second foot is the Quan
tity represented by a stream one foot
wide and one foot deep and flowing at
the average rate of one foot per sec
ond.
In our. laboratories, under suitable
conditions of food and warmth, a
bacillus splits in half an hour into
two parts, each of which splits again
In half an hour, and so. on, and it has
been estimated that a single bacillus, if
given similar conditions in nature,
would, within a week, give rise to
progeny numerous enough to fill the
Atlantic Ocean. Such overbalancing
is largely prevented by the protozoa,
which feed upon the bacteria, increas
ing as they, increase and decreasing
as this food supply gives out The
protozoa^ in turn, are eaten by animals
like the worms and shellfish, these by
others, and so on, the balance of na
ture being so delicate that no form in
creases disproportionately for any
length of time, although, like the
locust plague, or the California fruit
tree scale, or the gypsy moth, some
forms may occasionally predominate.
Since Pasteur demonstrated the fact
that many human diseases are due to
minute living things, which grow and
multiply in our bodies, there has been
a tendency to call all microscopic or
ganisms, whether . harmful or not,
"germs," or "microbes" or "bacteria"
Indiscriminately. This confusion may
be cleared by the statement that pro
tozoa are the lowest known forms of
animals and that bacteria are the low
est known forms of plants, while
"germs" and "microbes" niay apply to
the disease-causing , forms in either
group. — Century Magazine.
The Fearsome Mite.
LIQUOR BILLr-A- J. E.. City. In the
State of California an action may be
commenced at any time within two
years after a debt has been incurred for
liquor sold at retail, but the action can
not be for more than $3.
'Anszvers to Queries.
A RECENT dispatch from Salt Lake says that the
young Mormons throughout the entire State of
Utah have taken preliminary measures to unite
in an organization which shall have for its object the
strict enforcement of the pledges given to the Govern
ment when Utah was admitted as a State. They have
announced a determination to bring matters to a head
at the April conference of the church by declaring be
fore that body a. resolve to leave the religion of the
saints unless the practices of plural marriages on the part
of the heads of the Mormon hierarchy, revealed in so
cold-blooded a manner by President Joseph Smith at
the Smoot inquiry, are done away with immediately. V-."
This stand taken by the younger element in the Mor
mon church is a worthy one, for it is indicative of the
spirit whith should permeate the whole body of the sect
in Utah. It is the elevation of citizenship in the United
States over membership in the Church of Latter. Day
Saints. . From the time when Joseph Smith, the first
prophet, shut himself up in his farmhouse in New York
and read the mystical tablets down to the present day
the exercise of the Mormon faith has been inimical to
the exercise of good citizenship among those most ardent
in the creed of Mormon, for the primal docfrine of the
church, as confessed by President Smith himself, is'
obedience to the revelation of God through the appointed
elders, all civil law, to the contrary notwithstanding.
It was this conviction which led to the armed clash
with the militia of Missouri during the Mormon settle
ment there in the late thirties. Again it was disregard
of the laws of Illinois .which moved the Mormons to in
trench themselves in their sacred city of Nauvoo and
withstand siege for several days. After their hegira to
Salt Lake the presence of a body of Federal troops was
felt necessary for the preservation of the sovereign laws
of the United States. But with the lapse of years and
the growth of a younger generation, not so fanatical as
their forebears, nor driven to desperation by persecu
tion, there was developed a seeming amenity to the laws
of the land on the part of the saints which permitted of
the admission of , the Territory to statehood. ,'
The Smoot inquiry at Washington developed the fact
that among the very heads of the church themselves all
pledges regarding polygamy haveubeen utterly disregard
ed and the natural inference might be made' and would be
made that such was the practice from the highest to the
lowest had not this body of young Mormons voiced their
denunciation of the bad faith of the members of the
hierarchy as promptly and with as much vigor as they
have. The movemenl of the young Mormons is a long
step in the right direction and must be productive of
great service to the honor of Utah.
UTAH'S YOUNG MORMONS.
The excursion of the Promotion Committee .through
the southern coast counties promises to be one of the
best combinations of business and pleasure that the year
will offer. It is .to be a train of good things, and every
business man to whom the opportunity comes should
There rode no hosts led on by warrior
kings;
No trumpets sang; there waved no
banners gay;
No fierce assaults nor routed quick re
treats,
But silent hours wore out the night,
the day.
Alone against the world ths leader
Stood * ,:.--
Alone where ages met the parting
ways,
To guide aright whoever seeks the light.
To shame from wrong with level lov
ing gaze.
There was the battle waged, the victory
. won.
That conquered conquerors, that high
above
All greatness, glory, power, and all law
Forever fixed the empery of love.
There triumphed He, our conqueror and
king.
Who . won for us, and made all earth
his prize;
Who gave his life for victory over death.
Who * fell that mankind evermore
should rise. — The Century.
\ herb;
A waste of sand where splintered
rocks lay dead.
Where rivulets flowed not, nor flowers
swayed — " -.•* ¦;
And smiting rays fell from the sun
o'erhead.
One lonely figure robed in ashen gray.
Whose patient eyes saw nothing, see
ing all; , ,
Nor marked the shadows' slow-revolving
course, "s
The flush of dawn, the purple darkness
fall.
A desert place where grew no kindly
The Battlefield.
The popular Idea that fish nour
ishes the brain ia pronounced falla
cious by the Lanot (London). Fur
thermore, that paper asserts that it la
doubtful whether any given food in
common use contains constituents
which have a selective action, or the
property of ministering to one part of
the body more than another. Says
the writer:
"As a rule, when a food is assum
ed to have specific reparative proper
ties — as, for example, a so-called brain
or nerve food — the fact really is that
such food is easily and quickly assim
ilated to the body's general advantage
— in a word, in such a case repair
quickly overtakes waste and a real
purposeful nutrition and restoration
are accomplished. The administration
of such elements as phosphorus or
iron in medicine is, of course, a differ
ent matter, but these elements are
evenly distributed in the materials of
a daily diet. It ia often stated that
fish Is a food which ministers partic
ularly to the needs of the brain be
cause It contains phosphorus. As a
matter of fact, fish does not contain
more phosphorus than do ordinary
meat foods, and it certainly does not
contain It in the free state. The no
tion that fish contains phosphorus had
no doubt its origin in the glowing or
phosphorescence in the dark. This
phosphorescence is not due to phos
phorus at all, but to micro-organisms,
The belief, therefore, that fish is a
brain food Is Just about as reasonable
as the idea that because a soup la
thick and gelatinous 'it will stick to
the ribs,' or as sensible as the cele
brated advice to Verdant Green to lay
in a stock of Reading biscuits to as
sist his reading. Fish, of course, la
excellent food, partly because of the
nourishing nature of it3 constituents
and partly because of ita digestibility.
But it is In no sense a specific - for
brain or nerve."
Another Fallacy Pricked.
Two of the -chorus girls in a recent
New York production that made a hit
In this city had to come all the way
from that city to be handed a gold
brick. Shortly after their arrival they
expressed an opinion in an Interview in
an evening paper that the "Johnnies"
here were real mean and not at all
like the New York "Johnnies."
Some of the local "Johnnies" made
up their minds to have some fun at
the expense of the two girls and one
night they were Introduced to a sup
posed wealthy Klondiker. He took them
to a swell rotlsserle and during the
dinner he began to show them big nug
gets that he had brought with him
from the Klondike. He generously
handed them a nugget each, and for
a day or two they wondered what they
would do with so- much gold.
The comedian of the company was
told of the gold brick and for a night
or tyia every time the girls were near
him he would drop on the stage a "gold
nugget" similar to the one each of the
girls had fastened to her bodice. This
led to inquiry and the trick that had
been played upon them was exposed.
The nuggets had come from a brass
foundry on Fremont street.
Not So Slozv, May Be.
three days after the seizure; If the li
cense was Issued prior to the seizure no
payment is to be exacted, otherwise tha
$2 fee will be exacted. In the case of a
cat a $2 fine and the purchase of a col
lar will be necessary to satisfy the de
mands of Justice. After the seizure tha
publication for one day of a notice and
the allowing of three days' grace, if tha
owner does not claim 'a stray animal
the department of health Is to have the
power to dispose of the animal.
The most important provision of the
new bill is that which allows the Mayor
whenever he deems it necessary for
public safety to issue tin order prohib
iting all dogs from running at large un
less muzzled or led" by a chain after tho
publication of the order in the official
newspaper of the city. All dogs run
ning at large may be seized, and re
deemed by owners. No person Is al
lowed to Interfere with an Inspector of
the health department while engaged in
the duties. of the dog-catcher, and any
such interference is made a misde
meanor. /
The health department is also to have
the power to build a dog and cat pound.
It may also destroy any dog deemed
vicious, whether licensed or not, after a
three days' notice and the affording of
the owner an opportunity to be heard.
"1 usually take a great deal of pleas
ure out of ttie marriage ceremony,"
said Justice of the Peace Lawson a
few days ago, while at lunch. "Gener
ally after I unite two fond and loving
hearts, I feel at peace with the world,
but the other day I tied a matrimonial
knot and felt mean and miserable for
the rest of the day.
"It was a little after 9 a. m. when
a young fellow I knew well came to my
chambers and asked me to marry him.
Surprised, and, of course, pleased, I an
swered 'Yes; bring in the lady.*
"Well, he stepped out into the cor
ridor, returning In a moment leading a
woman, several (I would hate to say
how many) years his senior. She will
never take a prize in a beauty show,
and when I acknowledged- an introduc
tion to her I made up my mind that
she could take first prize at any place
where good nature was scarce.
"Well, I tied the knot, and Just when
the couple were leaving, the groom
turned and, pulling a 110 gold piece
from his pocket, walked toward me.
I was Just getting ready to say 'Thank
you,' when with two long steps the
bride was alongside of him. She
grasped the hand containing the $10,
put her other hand into her purse and
handed me $2 50. I could not stop the
'Thank you,' and I did not try to stop
the other remarks . that came from my
lips when they left." X
Wifely ( Ec6nomy.
THE secretary of the Seattle Chamber of Commerce
has filed a report in which, while pursuing another
main purpose, he incidentally pays tribute to the
methods of San Francisco business men. He makes the
good showing for Seattle that there are nearly thirteen
hundred manufacturing establishments in the city and
15,000 men are employed in these factories, receiving in
wages and salaries the round sum of $17,000,000 per
annum. The aggregate value of all the manufactures of
Seattle combined is placed at $60,000,000 per annum. •
But, says the secretary of the Seattle Chamber of
Commerce, hardly any of the products of Seattle are
sold in Seattle, although they readily find markets else
where. "Whenever Seattle retailers can purchase any
article made in this city (Seattle), made for the same
price, when transportation is 'considered, in Chicago or
San Francisco, the home manufacturer gets the cold
shoulder." Probably the . secretary knows whereof he
speaks and his testimony must be taken, for obvious
reasons, as not unfairly discriminating against Seattle.
Business is governed by fixed rules. An old maxim
of business is that goods well bought are already half
sold. H the retailers of Seattle are able to buy better in
San Francisco than they are in Seattle it follows that the
San Francisco manufacturers .and wholesalers are able
to produce the required articles on terms better suited
to the Seattle retail trade than are those of Seattle. It
will not be argued that Seattle's retailers have any hos
tility to their home products. They undoubtedly desire
to aid in building up Seattle. Their interests and in
clination must lie alike in that direction. Business con
siderations control them.
Making some specific allegations the secretary of the
Seattle Chamber of Commerce says that "instead of buy
ing tea in the Orient and having it shipped into Seattle
by the Japanese steamship line, the terminals of which
are here (Seattle), the merchants prefer to buy in San
Francisco, thereby paying the freight across the Pacific
to a steamship line which has its American terminal at
that point."
This added statement gives credit to the San Francisco
importers as completely as do those that relate to manu
factures and goods sold by San Francisco manufacturers
and jobbers.
This city will not be harmed by this sort of averments.
The point is seen clearly by the Seattle Times, which
proposes that as a remedy for the present commercial
practices of Seattle merchants some action be devised
by the Seattle Manufacturers' Association, the Chamber
of Commerce and the Merchants' Association of Seattle.
It is said as a partial explanation by the Times that "it
is hard to change from old mercantile. associations and
therefore we are apt to be neglectful of the fact that the
same article of merchandise can be obtained in our own
city of equal quality and at as low a price."
Old associations have their value as old friends have,
but in the modern sharp competition of men and methods
for business there is no room left for continued dis
crimination against Seattle by its own retailers unless
there is some other reason to be alleged.
While the statements of the secretary of the Seattle
commercial body will be reassuring to the business men
of San Francisco, it is still clear that they will find no
reason to relax their energies. They will hold their
old trade and secure as much new business as possible
by using modern ideas and availing themselves of their
.natural advantages, among which are cheap fuel and
geographical position.
SAN FRANCISCO ENTERPRISE.
6
THE . SAN FRANCISCO CALL", MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1904.
THE S AN FR AN,CISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .......... Address All ¦ Communications to JOHN BkNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Offico G^gtissszo&sjy ....... .-•••. .'•• Third and Market Streets, S. P.
MONDAY .. ...•• ..'.. ...MARCH 28, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESPicked Squad Will Go From Herschel
MOUNTED POLICE WILL
UNDERTAKE DARING TRIP
The Count explained that he had been
educated in England and Canada and
had spent a great deal of his time in
New York, a fact to which he attrib
utes his American ways, so marked
that they are noticeable. Last year,
while sojourning in Montreal, he said
he met George Rowe of Norris &
Rowe's circus and accepted an invita
tion to accompany Rowe this year
around the Western circuit.
"Of course, I'm not part of. the cir
cus," remarked the Count, "but I have
found this way of traveling the best
means of studying human nature, for
you get nearer the people — and you
might add in your article, if you think
it would be of any Interest, that I am
looking for a wife. I haven't come
over here like a penniless nobleman,
looking for a rich woman, and I don't
want a woman of means, for I have a
comfortable fortune. What I want is
a good American wife, and I want to
say right here that during my two
weeks' stay in California I have seen
more pretty women than I have set
eyes on in all the European countries
through which I have traveled. It is
here that you find the flower of wom
ankind."
Then the conversation drifted into
the political affairs of Bulgaria, of
which the Count confessed a great ig
norance, which, he quickly explained,
was due to the fact that he had not
been in Bulgaria for five years. He
had been unjustly accused of political
intriguing and banished, he said, but,
he added, this decree had just been set
aside by Prince Ferdinand and he was
free to return. Count Maurice de Na
varre, however, says that he is serious
ly thinking of renouncing Bulgaria and
his titles and becoming an American
citizen, and as he announced this de
termination he pulled his feet down
from the table, in his room, where they
had been reposing during the interview,
rose from his chair to his full height,
about 5 feet 6 inches, made a stiff bow
and remarked that he would be pleased
to see his visitor acrain should the lat
ter desire further information regard
ing his family or personal history.
"Yes, I hail from Bulgaria," said the
Count, with a drawl peculiar to some
portions of Arkansas. "My ancestors
lied to Bulgaria from France during
the revolution. So bitter was the
hatred of my forefathers for the latter
country that they decreed that their
children should never speak a word of
French and we have never violated this
rule. Upon my grandfather was con
ferred the title of Count in his adopted
country, and by right of inheritance I
now use it."
, "Count Maurice de Navarre, Sofia,
Bulgaria," is the way he registered
himself en. -the Palace 3 Hotel register
yesterday. In English, distinctively
Western, he asked for a room and bath
ana" ten minutes later the new arrival's
slender form, partly concealed by a
long, drab-colored Prince Albert coat,
was a conspicuous object in the hotel
court. V
Now Arrival at Palace Regis
tors as Count and Says
He Desires Matrimony
Lighter vein topics were given by-
Mrs. F. J. Mayhew, describing the Em
peror and Empress and their character
istics; also describing the life -of the
students in the twenty universities with
their 30,000 students, the duelling, the
beer gardens, the slow traveling and
exasperating time tables. The theaters
are educational, Shakespeare be]ng bet
ter presented there than anywhere else.
The subject of the day was Ger
many, its literary history being given
by Mrs. Wi D. Keystone, who spoke
of the patience and accuracy of its
writers, who are somewhat lacking in
heart and imagination, except the
dramatists, mentioning especially
Hauptman. Suderman and Paul Heyso.
Germany leads in the number of books
published. Scientific -Germany was
taken by Mrs. George Hanson, telling
of the great medical discoveries, the
X-ray,. etc., Germany leading the world
in synthetic chemistry.
At the first March meeting of the
Corona Club, Mrs. H. N. Stevens gave
a delightful report of the State Federa
tion, which she attended as Corona's
delegate. Misa Katherine Chandler de
livered a lecture on California history
and landmarks, dealing more with the
early romantic Spanish history, which
is much more fascinating than that of
the Atlantic States, from the time when
Cortez started the expedition which
discovered California in 1524, sending a
report of its discovery by one of his
soldiers. In 1536 Illoa brought the first
ship into Lower California waters.
Cabrillo in 1545 was the first white man
to land here. After the expulsion of
the Jesuits the Dominicans took Lower
California and the Franciscans upper,
San Diego being the first Mission start
ed, in 1769, twenty-one missions follow
ing in quick succession, presidios and
pueblos being also founded. The
treatment of the Indians was consid
ered poor, but Carlisle is run on the
same plan. There were four presidios,
San Diego. San Francisco, Santa Bar
bara and Monterey; three pueblos, San
Jc-se. Los Angeles and Santa Cruz. The
Russian settlement was sold to Sutter
in 1812. California has more liberal
laws for married women than any other
State. The Native Sons raised $20,000
and bought Fort Ross and the custom
house at Monterey. The Native Daugh
ters and the California Landmarks
League is preserving traditions, papers,
highways, buildings; missions, etc. At
the last meeting Miss Alice Whitbeck
spc-ke on tra\-eling libraries. Australia
being the first to start them. The Boston
and Albany, in 1S69, started a library
for its employes, the first on record.
Melville Dewey of the New York State
Library first started them in that State
and is now planning a motor car library
for the farming and manufacturing dis
tricts. They send out 1550 wall pictures,
11,000 photographs. 14,000 slides and 13
lanterns. Our own State sends 34 li
braries out now.
The Laurel Hall Club, Mrs. George
Haight, president, at its last session
entertained its guests with the follow
ing excellent musical treat:
(a) Aria, F sharp, minor sonata; (b) Novel
ette, D minor (Schumann); "Night Bong," op.
8 (Geuss); "Flight," op. 63 (Mendelssohn);
"Elfin Dance," op. 45 (Heller); 'The Chase"
(Rhelnberger).
The Forum Club presented the fol
lowing programme at its meeting last
week:
Vocal solos: (a) "The Sunehine of Thine
Eyes"; (b) "Until Tou Came." Mrs. E. L.
Dew, accompanied by Miss Estelle Drum
mond (both of Oakland): lecture, "The Dur
bar, India, and Personal 'Reminiscences of
Foreign Travel." Mrs. W. A. Chllds; vocal
solos: (a) "A Dream So Fair"; tb) "Sea
Dreams"; (c) "At Nightfall." Mrs. E. L. Dow.
W. A. Richardson, Mrs. F. A. Linz,
Mrs. James F. Osborne, Mrs. McCart
ney, Mrs. Christenson.
A jolly party of women from the
California Women's Whist League met
on Wednesday afternoon,' as usual, for
their regular game at the bowling dub.
The members bowled until 5 "o'clock,
when refreshments were served.
Among those present were: Mrs. Eu
gene Duffy, Mrs. Frances Young, Mrs.
• • •
The Tuesday Afternoon Club met as
usuai last week for the regular game
of bowling. This little club is com
posed entirely of ladies and embraces
a number of enthusiastic players. Re
freshments were served after the game.
Among those present were: Mrs. H. D.
Morton, Miss Ruth Morton, Mrs. A.
Gartehlaub, Mrs. N. H. Hickman and
Mrs. Andrews.
The Philomath Club. Mrs. Julius
Kahn president, will hold its regular
session to-day at its clubrooms, 1433
Bush street, when an Interesting pro
gramme will be presented.
Under the auspices of the Jewish
Women's Council. Dr. Voorsanger gave
a short sketch of the life of Morris Op
r?nheim, one of the greatest painters
of the nineteenth century. Oppenheim
preserved the history of the family life
of the Ghetto in twenty paintings. Ha
was also a Jewish historian, who used
the pencil instead of the pen.
Dr. Voorsanger explained the mean
ing of the allegorical pictures. During
the Intermission between the first and
second set of pictures, some choice se
lections were rendered by a quartet
of ladies.
The appeal for funds to push the
work forward was the means of bring
ing: several members into the league
dues $1 a year.
The address of Miss Alma Paterson
at the A. C. A. of California, reviewing
the work done for the preservation
of the historic landmarks of the State,
was very interesting, especially in its
resume of the work done along those
lines by the California Historic Land
marks League.
The lecture of Miss Keith was, by
common consent, considered one of the
cleverest and most scholarly addresses
heard during the club year, but then,
the clubs have a way of epepecting
things from Miss Keith.
The audience showed great apprecia
tion of the songs of Mario and Maria
Roeckel.
Duet. "Les Herondelles" (Mlgnon) (Thomas),
Mario ?n<l Maria Roeckel: lecture, "History
of California." Miss Kllza D. Keith; song
cycle. 'Indian Lov* Lyrics'" : <a) "The Tern-'
pi* F>lls"; <b) "L#ss Than the Dust"; <c)
'"Kashmiri Son*" (d) "Tin I Wake." Misa
Klena Ron.'»l «o-»-.trmlto). accompanied by
Joseph Roeekrl: duet, "SI, la stanchezza m'op
primi" (from "II Trovatore"), Mario and Marie
Roeckel: .voeal solo, •'The Sweetest Flower"
<P.orck»;>, Mme. El!«n Course-n-Roeckil; duet,
"My Flas" (Roeckel). Mario and Maria
Uoeckel. ?'.-.¦
The Daughters of California Pioneers
held a delightful session Monday,
March 21, at Pioneer Hall. The pro
gramme was as follows:
Besides the burlesque. Miss Lorena
Hoag will read, and the Schumann
Club and Herschel Stein will contribute
the music.
The Pacific Coast Press Association
will to-day hold its regular mcnthly
meeting at Century Hall under the di
rection of Mrs. E. J. Foster. A clever
little skit, entitled, "A Model Session,"
will be presented, which comes from
the pen of Mrs. Foster, in which the
members wUl figure as stars.
"Lady Teazle" by Mrs. James Monroe
Gamble and Raymond Dean. Another
will be the singing of the cycle "In a
Persian Garden," the words of which
are from the "Rubaiyat" of Omar
Khayyam. This popular composition
wili be sung by Mrs. John D. Sibley,
soprano: Mrs. Grace Elliott Carroll,
contralto; Homer Henley, basso, and
Edward Xavier Rolker, tenor. Miss
Mollie E. Pratt will be at the piano.
The members will, for the nonce, for
get the virtues and vices of the politi
cal situation to listen to the musical
fiesta provided by Mrs. Sibley.
To-morrow the California Club will
entertain its friends in charming style,
when a programme of unusual clever
ness will be presented in the Young
Men's Christian Association auditor
ium, under the leadership of Mrs. John
D. Sibley. One event of the day will
be the presentation of two scenes from
After this remarkable lecture — of
which the A. C. A. will long be proud,
and with good reason — chocolate was
served, and the handsome university
man with ideas was warmly greeted.
From this Dr. Ferrand showed the
recurrence of the same schedule of
events as here chronicled in the devel
opment of the West and produced
proofs of the dominance of the West over
the history of the nation. Thus is the
note struck for a new conception of
American history, and it would seem
from the enthusiasm of the "believers"
that the day is not far distant for a
general acceptance of the theory by
those in the vanguard of things.
Following the march of men west
ward, the lecturer said: "New life in
new regions under new conditions gave
rise to new industries, new problems,
new ideals, and produced new types of
men. The frontiersman had a certain
coarseness, but he was strong, prac
tical, adaptive and powerful, with
individualism, buoyancy (from free
dom), optimism and largeness of de
sign, and was a composite of various
races or nationalities. The result is
something absolutely new — the Amer
ican of the Middle West and of the
West." .
"Democracy," said the exponent of
the now thought, "is freedom to rise
from political, economic or social limi
tations or restrictions. Democracy in
Europe is forced, theoretical. In Amer
ica It Is unioue in the opportunity it
offers to individuals. The man in a set
tled community could always escape
from the restrictions that beset him
by going out on the frontier, because
beyond there always existed an area of
unoccupied land.
"Professor Moses makes the state
ment that democracy can exist only in
primitive society— and that is what we
have in America."
"Now. this transformation has not
taken place but once. It has been a
continually recurring process, com
mencing on the Atlantic seaboard, and
during 250 years has moved across the
continent.
pendence, upon which he must rely for
food, clothes, shelter, for his morals
and for the trendy of his intellect— and
independence, freedom, result.
'•Neighbors join him, social life de
velops, artificial distinctions are ab
sent and the individual is" taken for
what he is worth— there we have
equality.
"Eventually complex and a highly or
ganized community life develops, but
the influences of the earlier stages re
main.
his way over mountains and plains,
the speaker said: "A man who goes out
into the wilderness from some settled
community must be brave, strong and
reFourceful that h<? may live. The re
snlia of this primitive life Is self-de-
in vigilance or supervision of the
children on probation is bound to de
feat the very object of the bill — and.
f^-iiow clubwomen, something MUST
be done, and done now, in the way of
i aiding funds to put another proba
tion officer in the field, pending the
arrival of assistance from some
civic source during the year.
As you are aware, most of the
clubs are now contributing a Fmall
tax for th» maintenance of the hu
manitarian v. ork they created and
pledged to support, but the infant has
outgrown its swaddling clothes, and
*e must hasten to provide for it in
suitable, manner.
Moreover, th*re is shocking indiffer
ence priven th" matter of housing the
little ¦<Itlir.qu<onts." pending their ap
pearance before Judge Murasky on
Fridays, v.hen three nr four unkempt
little tyk'-s are huddled together in a
cell fn the Receiving Hospital (insane
dt-jjartrnrnt) that was meant to be oc-
by but one. ""Where is the cubic
a;r Where? indeed. But '
Irs true, every word. Go and see for
yourself, if you doubt it, Christian man
and Christian woman, and you may
learn a few other things about the
city's wards while you're there.
Philanthropists and enthusiasts for for
eign missioriE. there is work for you to
do in this work of saving the children
of the streets for future citizenship.
Let us have your dimes and dollars—
any club or any committee of reliability
to disperse them, and twenty years
hence the tax for maintaining' immod
?ra'p police protection will g-o to im
prrnir.g your city. Save the children
and yc-j will safeguard your city, like
wise the Government. And the Juve
nile Couit is the initiatory step in this
saivction. Then support it. The Cali
fornia Club will do the rest.
• • •
On Saturday the Association of Col
lejriaie Alumnae of California. Miss
Catherine Chandler, president, held its
monthly meeting at the Sorosis Club
:-• . preceded by a delightful break
fast, with Miss Eliza D. Keith one of
the {Tuests> of honor. The day was pri
marily a "History Dav."
The luncheon was a 'merry repast, an
interesting feature of which was a
r.-'bin" of congratulatory notes
jtri'3 rersea to Mrs. Frederic Burk. past
presided cf the club, who has recently
presented that body with a young
rvphf-w. Lucky boy. with s=o many cul
tured aunts: After the tables had been
c!' and Dr. Max Ferrand. head of the
history department of Stanford Univer
sity, delivered a lecture upon '"The
Nerr Interpretation of American His
tory" — the dominant note of which ivas
the recognition of the part the great
V>Ft has played in the evo-lution — eth
ical, social, financial and political— of
the United States.
The. speaker, like unto Professor
Grig*? in that he is young, handsome
and maprif-tic and wears smart clothes,
is an Eastern man with a splendid
record in history work. He was asso
ciated at Johns Hopkins with Herbert
B. Adams and Professors Wilson. Tur
ner, Jameses Haskins and other men
of like repute.
" Of them he said, "Adams was not
essentially a scholar, but an organizer,
a "hustler," " and capable of inspiring
men with his o-nn enthusiasm. His
ov.-n subject. "Church History." was
to him the basis of all subsequent his
tory, his favorite dogma "Nothing es
seraially rmvr in modern history" lay
ing the foundation for investigations
along that line.
ila~y men and many institutions of
learning adopted Adams' viewe. to the
end that some of the latter required
a <-ourfie In medieval church history.
But there were others who were able
to obtain benefit of his enthusiasm
•uithout being dominated by his ideas.
One of these. Turner, was satisfied that
American development was not medie
val ~n its character or origin, and he
set himself to v.ork to discover what It
was in llrt history of the United States
f*iat was peculiar to the country that
h^p made us the people that we are.
His studies carried on through the
last fifteen years have resulted in con
clusions so startling that they "mean
nothing less than that it is necessary
to re-write the whole history of Amer
ica, and especially of our United States,
and it is for that reason that I call
this the "N'cw Interpretation of Amer
ican History."
By means of slides of maps pie grad
cal jrrowth of the colonies was traced,
the influx of the English. French.
Scotch. Irish and Germans to the new
land followed, and their coalition — all
save the Scotch-Irish and the Germans.
¦Rhn pugnaciously refused to coalesce,
preferring to fight — was carefully ex
plained with their social, ethereal and
rv':it'cal evolutions.
Then plunging into the character of
man who seeks the frontier, and pushes
who have fallen afoul of the law.
parental cr civil, and the number is
Increasing at the rate of about 20
each Friday,* when the court con
venes. Here, now. is where the ef
ficJency of the law is in danger of
becoming impaired. a slacking up
him for his tender solicitude for the
city's waifs—and is successfully fulfill
iDS its mission. Miss Linda rftebbins.
the probation officer, has accumulated
a family of over 100 boys and girls
Now. the California Club, through
its friends in the lobby, assured the
soions that if they passed the bill,
th* club would dig up the funds with
which to maintain the institution —
and on that condition solely was the
bill passed. Now. the court in this
city has been in operation for more
than a y«?ar under the jurisdiction of
Judge Frank Murasky — and here's to
i he bill passed, and San Francisco,
Oakland and Los Angeles possess Ju
venile courts. But a vital factor in
its futurity is unhappily absent — the
somewhat necessary funds wherewith
to maintain them.
Of Tvhat use is a law without an
enabling rlause in its framing? Better
perhaps in print than in the air. but
in reality such a law is little more
than a delusion, and Is dependent
upon exigencies. After months of
ajrgressSve and determined labors on
the part of a coterie of men and
women that think — and therein they
difTerentlate from a host of their fel
lows — the Juvenile Court law was
passed at the last cession of the Leg
islature- On the roll of honor of
th&se that steered the bill through the
shoals — though shorn of its enabling
clause for financial reasons — stand
the ntmes of Dr. Dorothea Moore of
the California Club. Fairfax Wheelan
of th* Merchants' Association. Mrs.
E. E. Baldwin, Judge Sloss and
others.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
Raising Necessary Funds to Put Another Pro
bation Officer in the Field to
Aid Save Children.
HOPES TO FIND
WIFE IN WEST
An ¦. adjournment was then taken to
the dining room, where the young hos
tesses had served an oyster and punch
supper, at which Mrs. Goodf^l presided.
The guest cards were in- the shape of
Piaster eggs, pictured with violets,
which, with quantities of fruit blos
soms, formed the main decorations of
the tables. Various kinds of Easter
sweetmeats were served at the supper."
which was made specially Interesting
by a round of witty stories, one of the
funniest being a stammering recital
by Mr. Van der Naillen. The evening
saw a display of several pretty gowns,
noticeably those worn by Mrs. Klrk
patrick. Miss Aimee Moore, Mrs. Evans
and Mrs. Harrington.
The result of the play was declared
about U:30, the awards going as ' fol
lows: First ladies' prize, an embroid
ered table center edged with exquisite
lace, to Miss Murphy; second prize, a
painted placque. Mrs. Storrer; booby
prize, lace handkerchief, Mrs. Van der
Naillen; first gentlemen's j>rize, a
framed oil paintijig. Mr. Pierce; second
prize, stein, Dr. Piper, and the booby
prize, a tobacco jar, Mr. Masterson.
The Easter social celebrations were
very delightfully anticipated on Satui
day evening by a "five hundred" card
party given at the hospitable home of
Mrs. Charles Goodall by her nieces and
next-door neighbors, Mrs. E. Partridge
and Miss Carrie Roberts. Twelve
tables for the games were set out ia
the large drawing room, pencils and
ribbon-favored scoring lists being pro
vided for each guest. The* party - in
cluded Mrs. Goodall, whose well known
social gifts made the task of success
ful entertaining a very easy one for
her young kinswome*n. Others present
were Mr. and Mrs. L. "W. Storrer, Mr.
and Mrs. C. H. Evans, Lieutenant and
Mrs. Levin Jones, Mrs. Thomas Klrk
patrick, Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Harring
ton, Captain and Mrs. F. M. Munger,
Miss Crim. Miss Aimee Moore of Lon
don. W. J. Phillips, Mr. and Mrs. R. L.
Van der Naillen, Miss Agnes Murphy
of London, Miss King, Mr. and Mrs.
Mastersnn. Miss Nash. A. E. Pierce,
Dr. Stephen L. Piper and Mrs. Whaley.
Mrs. Partridge and her sister, Mis<«
Roberts, kept the games going admir
ably by their charming thought and.
often much needed, advice.
CARD PARTY
AT HOME OF
MRS. GOODALL
WOMEN'S CLUBS WORK TO FURTHER PURPOSE OF JUVENILE COURT;
WEDDING BELLS WILL SIGNAL THE CULMINATION OF A WAR ROMANCE
Soldier Who Fought Valiantly in the Orient Is
to Marry a Charming Graduate of
California University.
Cohen, Rose Rothotti and Winifred Epstela. j
The Club of Jolly Twenty gave *
trolley ride on the Hennosa Wednes
day evening. March 9. The club's or
chestra of six pieces was In attendance
A most enjoyable evening was spent l!
games and music. Those present were
Miss H. Schlesing?r. Miss T. Neub«rg«r. M:s
F.Schlesinger. Miss H. Harris. Miss R. Ka»
ken. Miss I.. Slsenvine. Miss G. Fronican. Mil
N. Elchcrn. Miss E. Stern, J. Kask«ll. CharU
M. Harris. S. Wol*. M. Hamburger. W. Sten
W. Altznan, 3. Stern. X. Kushcer, O. Cohen. ,
Honie Parties.
Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Corwin enter
tained their friends Friday evening
March IS. at their home, 1S30 Fell street
the occasion being the tenth anniver
sary- of their marriage. The dining
room and parlors were tastefully deo
I orated, the color scheme being greej
and white. The evening's entertain,'
ment consisted of games and solos b;
Malcolm Fraser, recitations by BarneC
Franklin, solos by Miss Virginia Dar;
and recitations by Miss Flcrenc
Schroth. Many Useful and beautiful of
ferings were extended to the host an I
-hostess. Malcolm Fraser and Mtss F
Schroth carried home the prizes
; Among the guests were:
Mr. and Mrs. John T. Dare, Mr. and Mrj
W. W. Burgess. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Crin*
Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Scott. Mr. and Mrs. Henr,
Whltlns Newhall. Mr. and Mrt. G. H. Martlr;
Mr. end Mrs. Frank Romaine. Mr. and Mm
T. K, Roraalne, Mr. and Mrs. James Ffcrn^
worth. Miss Pansy Burgess. Mtss Anna, K
malse, George Wajraer. Miss Virginia Dar-
Barnett Frar.kfln. Malcolm Fraser, Miss .*
SVhrcth. T. J. Powers. Charles Schroth. Mid
Florence Schroth. J. C New!ands. Misa Maj
D»war Mr. and Mrs. A. O. Johnson and Ma
and Mrs. W. J. Porter.
The announcement of the engagement
of Miss Lotta A. Jencks of East Oak
land to W. D. Cole of San Francisco,
and the date for the wedding, marks
the culmination of a romantic affair
that had its inception some five years
ago.* At the outbreak of the Spanish -
American war Mr. Cole graduated
from Draughons College, Nashville,
Tenn., and with several others of tin
graduating class enlisted In the ser
vice of Uncle Sain. The regiment for
which they were detailed was the Third
Artillery thst made such a glorious rec
ord in the/campaign in the Philippines
and in China.
The bride-to-be is the daughter of
Mrs. Emily A. Jencks and the late J.
H. Jencks of Oakland, and Is an ac
complished young woman, having been
graduated with high honors from the
Oakland High School, the State Nor
mal School at San Francisco and State
University at Berkeley. Miss Jencks
Is also a* violinist of rare ability. Mr.
Cole holds the position of bookkeeper
for the Marine Engineers* Beneficial
Association of San Francisco.
After the marriage ceremony the
bride and groom will pass their honey
moon on an extended tour of the north
ern part of the State, returning to make
their home at 1689 Twenty-flrst avenue.
East Oakland.
• • •
The engagement of Miss Bessie
Doyle, daughter of Mrs. Henry Doyle
of Burlingame, to Lieutenant William
Montrose Parker, Eleventh United
States Infantry, son of Major Leo
Parker of Washington, D. C. Is an
nounced. The wedding .will take place
soon after Easter. Mr. Parker will be
stationed at Fort Russell, Wyo.
S. Wolf announces the engagement
of his daughter, Grace, to Max Bern
stein.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Amelia Snoek to Louis Levy.
Rev. and Mrs. H. N> Schoenfeld an
nounce the engagement of their daugh
ter Emma to David Kellner.
Mr. and Mrs. George Schafer an
nounce the engagement of their daugh
ter Lulu to Paul Berg.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Getz have announced
the engagement of their daughter Syl
via to Philip Gordon.
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Colmann have
announced the engagement of their
daughter Josephine to Joseph Weiss.
A. Hirsch has made public the en
gagement of his daughter Bertha to
Henry Goldstein.
groom is al3o a member, and enjoys
the distinction of being one of the clev
erest marksmen of several shooting
clubs to which he belongs. The cere
mony was performed by the Rev.
George W. White of the Central Metho
dist Episcopal Church. Mis3 Mabel
Williams acted as bridesmaid and Mi?s
Amy Webb as maid of honor. The bride
was given away by her brother, Stanley
Webb. Henry Mitchell and David Johns
were groomsmen. The guests, after be
stowing their congratulations, were led
to the dining hall, where supper await
ed them. N. M. Peterson served aa
toastmaster, and responses were made
by the Rev. G. W. White, H. Mitchell of
San Jose and others. The honeymoon
will be spent in an extended trip
through the south. Among those pres
ent were:
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Mitchell. Mr. and Mr».
Henry Mitchell of San Jose. Mrs. Webb. 8.
Webb, Miss G. Mitchell. Mr. and Mrs. Sko-ar
ran, Mr. and Mrs. F. Derby. Mr. and Mrs. M.
William. Mr. acd Mrs. Dupea. Mr. and Mrs.
A. Jarvis. Miss B. Riddle. Daniel CConnell.
Mr. and Mrs. J. X>. Phelan. Mr. and Mrs.
Clarke. Miss A. Walsh. J. J. Phillips. C. H.
Xornbeck, N. M. Peterson. Mrs. Klle«. Misa
K. Kane. Mr. and Mrs. T. Gable. Dr. and Mrs.
Stickneys, Mr. and Mrs. Parker, Miss ST.
Webb, Mr. and Mrs. David Johns, Mr. and
Mrs. R. Roche. Miss Skowran,
Miss Frances Margaret Bender and
Harrison Theodore Clark were united
In wedlock Thursday evening. March
24, at the home of the groom's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. William F. Clark, 521
Van Xess avenue. The spacious parlors
were handsomely decorated with ferns
and lilies. In the center of the room
a very pretty wedding bell of Bride
roses was suspended. Miss Edna
Fuendeling acted as maid of honcr and
the Misses Florence and Elsie Bender,
sisters of the bride, were flower girls.
Walter Byron Clark was best man and
Milton dark, George Dannenberg,
Marbod Dannenberg, Llndley Han
non and William de Boom were
ushers. The bride looked radiant
in a beautiful creation of white parine
crepe de chiife, trimmed with rare lace.
She wore a tulle veil and her corsage
bouquet was of lilies of the valley. At
midnight an elaborate supper was
served in the parlors. At each plate
there w..s ; a miniature brass Chinese
gong for ladies and a cymbal for gen
tlemen, each bearing in German text
the name ef the person who occupied
the seat. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. • William Francis Clark. "Wal
ter Byron ClarK: Milton Francis Clark. Mr.
and Mrs. Harrison Theodore Clark. Mrs. Au
rusta Binder. Henry Bender. Mtss Gussie
Bender, Miss Florence Fender, MI?3 Pohl.
GecrffP Valter" Ezan. Miss Eda Fuendeling.
William de Boom. Llndley Hannor.. Georg*
Danncnberg-. Marpod Danner.berg 1 , Mr. and
Mr*. Charles Welz. George Welz. A. Solley.
M'ss Freiia Malfinti. Miss Carrie Malftnti. Miss
Alberta Smiley, Ml3s Dorothy. Dr. Herman F.
Maleek. Mr«. Emma Rock. Mr. and Mrs-
Thomas Kelly. Miss Beatrice Kelly. Miss Ma
bel Kelly, Ernest C. Stock, Mrs. Dannenber*.
Frank Grimes, Jim Roach. William Conway,
Wesley Barnes. Miss Herz. Mis» Dlmond. Mr.
Dodr*. Mr. and Mrs. A. HatHeld. JC>r. Parse
gan. Miss J. Parsejjsn, Miss Irene Parsegan.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Ritzwaller announc
the barmltzvah of their son Selij
the Geary Street Temple March 31. ¦ I
E. D. Sachs, vice president of thi
Martin Sachs Company, will sail Apr!
9 for an extended tour through Mexico
Mrs. Belle Oppenhelmer, who ha
been 111 with a severe case of bronchli
tls, has gone to Los Gatos.
Mrs. M. F. Goldsmith of Mill VaHej
and Mrs. W. Wolff and family, for
merly of 1313 ElUs street, are now re
siding at 1631 Post street-
MI?s Amy E. Mane, whose engage
ment to Alfred L. Arndt was recently
announced, will receive Wednesday
March 30. from 2 to 5, at her residence
617 Sutter street.
G. Fred Bush, well known In busl
ness and social circles, returned t>
Honolulu on the Sonoma last Thurs
day after a short visit. He was th<
recipient of a farewell gathering In it
room? of Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Kemp li
the Wentworth Hotel on the Wednes
day preceding his departure.
Mr. and Mrs. Colin M. Boyd win gi
to their country home immedlatel;
after Easter and will remain until lat
in the autumn.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry K. Hoffman
who were recently married. leave oi
Monday for an extended southern trip
Mrs. Hoffman was formerly Miss Mar
garet Sheehan of Oakland. On theii
return from the south Mr. and Mrs
Hoffman will reside in Oakland.
Weddings.
-.A very pretty wedding took place at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Mitch
ell Wednesday, March 16. on the occa
sion of the marriage of Miss Mattle L.
Webb to their son, George W. Mitchell.
The parlors wer decorated In blue and
white and an arch trimmed with ferns,
from which was suspended a large bell
of roses. The bride Is very popular In
her set, being past noble grand of Ori
ental Lodge of the Rebekahs. The
Clnb Parties.
The Eros Social Club gave a birth
day surprise party to Mis«3 Oertrud?
Rotholtz Sunday evening. March 20, at
her residence, 671 Hayes street. Among
those present were:
Gilbert Gordon. Edward Rotholta. Gertrude
Rotholtz. Reglna Lafpf. Abe Israel, fiobert
Rltiwaller. Mary Gordon. Ab* Epstein. TIU!«?
Wolff. Albert Levy. Selma Goldman. I>>na
Rotholtz, Goldte Cohen. lyonell Wolff. Sybil
Harris. Ed£t»r Magnln. Flora Attel. Gr»c»
Rotholtz. Ethel Lerner. V. Mendla. Hannah
Berkowltz. Mabel Deutsch. Ben Levy. Julian
OREGON REPORTS
ON IRRIGATION
TRAINS BREAK
THROUGH SNOW
APPEAL COMES
FROM RATHBONE
First Overland Over the
• Great Northern- Reaches
St. Paul After Great Delays
Major Convicted of Complic
ity in Cuban Frauds Wanta
, CougTess to Review Case
Census Statement Shows Wa
tering Lands by Artifi
cial Cleans Is Successful
ST. PAUL, March 27.— The first trans
continental train to get through the
snow blockade in North Dakota reached
St. Paul over the Great Northern road
at 10 o'clock to-day. Another train
came in during the afternoon, and two
more are expected to reach the city
some time to-night. The officials report
that the line is again open and traffic
has been resumed, though there is still
some delay. ' ;^ r
Passengers on the delayed train state
that they were well cared for, and be
yond the inconvenience of being tied up
there was no suffering.
Officials of the Northern lines state
that this has been one of the fiercest
battles with snowdrifts they have ever
experienced, and that even the immense
rotary plows which were sent against
the drifts, pushed by three heavy en
gines, were almost powerless to cope
with the huge mountains of ice and
snow, and that in many instances
blasting had to be resorted to.
WASHINGTON. March 27.— Senato^
Platt of Connecticut, chairman of th»
Senate Committee on Relations Wit!
Cub?, has received from Major E. G
Rathbone an appeal for a review of hi;
case by Congress. He calls attention ti
the fnvestigation of the protests agains
the confirmation of General Leonart
Wocd made recently by the Senati
Committee on Military Affairs.
Major Rathbone has on file with Sen,
atot Platt's committee a request for ar
investigation of the circumstances uni
der which he was convicted of com
plUity in the Cuban frauds, but no aci
tlon ever has been taken In the matter!
JIaJor Rathbone's interest in th«$
fight made recently against Generaj
Wood was because of his belief thai
General Wood used undue influence In
bringing about his (Rathbone's) con4
viction.
It is asserted also that the late Sen-j
ator Hanna's interest in the case was
due to the belief that llajcr Rathbond
was dealt with unjustly. Major Rath-,
bone uses In his appeal to Congress al
of the comment concerning hl3 case
which was made by Senator Hanna ir
his brief regarding , the "Wood cas«
which was offered in executive sessior
and is now a confidential document o.*
the Senate. Major Rathbone bases nisi
claim for an Investigation upon hia
"right to be heard as an American cit-J
izen." * v
WASHINGTON, March 27 -The cen
sus bureau to-day issued a preliminary
report on irrigation in Oregon in 1902.
It shows that the irrigation conditions
there were above the average. Better
methods of management and a more
economical use of the ordinary water
supply are urged in order to greatly in
crease the number of acres that may
be brought under irrigation. In 1902
the number of farms reported was 5133,
with an irrigated area of 439,931 acres,
an increase since 1893 of 51,671 acres, or
1".3 per cent for the three years. The
per cent of Increase f&r the ten years
from 18S9 to 1S99 was 11S.2. In 1002.2555
irrigating systems were in operation,
representing: a total construction cost
of 52,083.609, an average of $813 per sys
tem and $4 75 per Irrigated acre. The
total length of main canals and ditches
was 3653 miles, an average of 1.4 miles
per system.
•The aggregate number of acres ir
rigated by the 2417 systems .receiving
water from streams was 428.925 belong
ing to 497S farms. The average cos,t
per acre was H 81. The 114 systems
supplied with water from springs Ir
rigated 10,759 acres on 131 farms, the
average cost per acre being $2 13. Twen
ty-four well systems irrigated 292 acres,
representing 1 24 farms, at an average
cost per acre of $15 27.
The stream systems cost initially $2.
062.1S8 for the 3604 miles of main canals
and ditches, and the necessary dams
and headgatss. The first cost of the
spring systems was $22,953 and the
length of main ditches was 49 miles.
The construction of the well systems
was $-4*36. • '
STEA3IER AND SCHOONER
CRASH NEAR LIGHTSHIP
Damage Is ©one to Two Vessels In
an Atlantic Fog, but No One
Is Injured.
PHILADELPHIA, March 27. — The
steamer Parthian and the schooner
Cora F. Creassy, which arrived to-day
from Boston, were in collision five
miles northeast of the Five Fathom
Bank lightship during a fog Saturday
morning. The Parthian's foretopmast
and smoestack were carried away and
gevertal plates above the water line
on the starboard side were .fractured.
The schooner's bowsprit was broken
and the forerigging damaged. Xo one
was hurt.
STEAMSHIP NEBRASKAN
ARRIVES AT NEW YORK
American-Hawaiian Liner Use* Oil
s arid Makes a Quick
Voya se.
NEW YORK, March 27. — The
American-Hawaiian line steamship
Xebraskan arrived to-day from San
Francisco and San Diego with a large
cargo of wine, etc.
The Nebraskan it fitted with an
equipment to burn oil as fuel. She
left San Francisco January 23 and
used oil continuously and successfully
throughout the voyage, enabling her
to steam direct to New York without
making the usual stops at coal ports.
The Nebraskan left San . Francisco
with two tons of coal on board.
HOTEL FIRE ( RESULTS
IN DEATH OF TWO
One Yotinsr Woman Jumps From a
Third-Story Window and Another
Is Suffocated.
QUINCT, 111., March 27. — Fire to
day in the Hotel Newcomb resulted in
the death of Rose McDonald and An
toinette Broniski. The guests escaped
in their : night robes. Miss Broniski
was forced to jump from a third-story
.wind, crushing her skull. Miss Mc-
Donald was suffocated in her room.
SUTTER CREEK. March 27.— In the suit of
Joseph Hirschle against the lone Mining Com
pany, tried In th« Superior Court. .Judgment
has been rendered in favor of Hirschle for
?2v.0CO and costs. Hirschle was Injured In an
accident in the Xnjget mine white in iiie em
ploy of the defendant company.
New Honor for Lord Curzon.
LONDON, March 27.— It is officially
announced that Lord Curzon of Kedles
tbn, .Viceroy o£ India, has been appoint-,
ed Lord Warden: of the Cinque ports in
succession ta the late Marquis of Salis
bury.
Secrecy Is the best soil for the worst
ains.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1904.
THIRTEEN* NEGROES HAVE
BEEN' KILLED IX A WEEK
People of St. Charles. Ark., Believe
That Quiet Will Now Be
Restored.
DEWITT, Ark., March 27.— Still two
more negroes have been killed in the
clash between white and blacks at St.
Charles. This brings the total of dead
negroes up to thirteen, all of them
being killed within the past week. "
The last two negroes killed were
the Griffin brothers, Henry and
Walker, who were the cause of the
trouble. The negroes were reported
to have escaped, but it is known that
they are dead.
In the St. Charles neighborhood the
negroes largely outnumber the whites
and trouble has been brewing for a
long time and it is said the negroes
for the past' two years have been get
ting insolent and belligerent. It is now
believed that the leaders of the un
ruly element have been killed and that
further trouble will be averted.
Picks Up Unconscious Man.
Patrolman Heinz found a man lying
in an unconscious condition in a door
way at 417 Bush street early this morn
ing. At the Emergency Hospital It was
discovered he was suffering from mor
phine poisoning. From letters found
on the man's person he Is supposed to
be Gordon Fletcher. A quantity of
morphine was discovered In one of ( his
pockets. It" is thought that the man
tried to commit suicide. He probably
will die. .'vtgg£aE?%SSaga
AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENT
HAS FATAL RESULTS
In Turnlns Curve In Central Park, Xew
York, Younz Woman Is Thrown
Out and Killed.
NEW YORK, March, 27. — Four per
sons In an automobile, owned and driven
by Jerome Yeager, were thrown out
while the car was swinging around a
sharp curve in Central Park to-day.
Miss Florence Maas was picked up un
conscious and died soon after being
taken home and Solomon St rook was
Charged With Wrecking Saloon.
S. iDemick, F. Musanti and T. J.
Mayer became intoxicated yesterday
afternoon and ran amuck : in the sa
loon of Claus Alpers, 1732*Fillmore
street/ The three challenged the
proprietor to fight, and at ; his refusal
proceeded to wreck ;, the 'bar-room.'
They went at the '. furniture • and bot
tles with clubs and completely demol
ished the room. They were arrested
and booked at the City; Prison -on
charges of malicious mischief and
disturbing: the peace.
TACOMA, March 27. — A Dawson
dispatch says that one of the niost im
portant expeditions ever undertaken
by the Northwest mounted police is
that now en route to Dawson from
Herschcl Island in the Arctic Ocean,
near the mouth of the Mackenzie
River. The distance to be traveled is
2000 miles, making it the longest trip
ever undertaken through an absolute
wilderness in the dead of Arctic win
ter. The purpose is to determine
whether it Is practicable to open a
winter route from the mouth of the
Mackenzie River to Dawson. Ar
rangements for the expedition were
perfected last summer. A picked squad
of men were to attempt it, using dog
teams. They were to leave Herschel
Island early in January, crossing the
Rocky Mountains by one 1 of the several
known passes. Mackenzie River In
dians arriving at Dawson some time
ago brought information that the ex
pedition was soon to start. As the
winter has been unusually cold some
fears are entertained for the safety of
the party.
I -land to.Dawson In Dead of
Arctic Winter.
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE STOLES HOBSS.
Aa Old Proverb With a 2tar Ax>vl!eatJ<m'
The woods are full of "so-called" remj
edies for baldness.
Tou may call anything in creation q
remedy, but to use them is like locking
the stable after the horse is stolen. 1
Baldness and dandruff are caused by ?'
germ — if you dont kill the germ tht
germ will kill the hair.
Scientists have labored with the prob
lem of a preventive for baldness foi
many* years.
Newbro's Herpicide is the product of
a . modern idea, and will cure dandrnS
and prevent baldness because germs cam
not exist when you apply Herpicide. j
Herpicide i* a valuable hair dressing
end scalp disinfectant as well as a cure
for dandruff.
Sold bv leading druggists. Send 10c In
st.imp* for sample to The Herpicide Co.]
Detroit. Mich. - " t
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children.
Oia Kind You Have Alwajs Bought
Signature cf (#Jt//ffi&£&kiO > Delicacy. «
i $ *s *! 5 eg
CONTESTANTS „ 2. O« , OJ« "* SS
n • *. 2 O • 3
z : 2 2 5 : •«
C. G. Toung 03 S3 86.8 S7.10...1
F\ H. Reed M 01 89.2 90.1 ....
C. R. Kenniff 91.896 100 98 ....
Chas. Huyck M 90 S5 87.1 ....
Dr.W. E. Brooks. ... 83
G. W. Lane 92. S 00 91.4 ....
F. M. Halgrht 81
H. B. Sperry 82
F. J. Lane 90.4 80.10 S5. 7
H. C. Golcher S».R »o 8».1O....
J. B. Kenniff 91.8 OO 90.10
Geo. W. Lam 87.8 00.10 89.3 ....
E. A. Mocker ..97' 87 83 85. 10.84. 5
C G. Young ..87 37.4 87 1>3.4 90.2 93.5
T.W Brotherton. ... 82.8 84.8 86.8 83.8
C. R. Kenniff .. 77 93 |03 95 94 9S
J. B Kenniff 92.8190 89.2 »>.« ....
O C Ed warda.. ... 80.8 96 8.1.4 89.8
T." C .Kierulff .. 70 88.4191.8 8S.4 9O 95.4
F H. Reed ....81 86.8196. 8 88.4 92..1 JS8.0
RE-ENTRY.
E. A. Mocker ..|...|82.4|79.8| 83.10182.9 [....
The affairs of Indo-China will pros
per only" when the. t French Government
follows the example'of .England by fix
ing a ' permanent, ratio* between the
value of gold and the piaster.
First race — Northwest. T&rrette,
Jack Little. x
Second race — SAnarflo, CloudUzht,
Grenore. j v . ;
Third race — Pickaway, Quiz XX, Hand
press.
• Fourth race — Forest Kinir. Xdog-o. Ai
minster.
Fifth race— Flaaenr. AXbemarle, Moco
rito.
Sixth race — Oro Viva, Anat Folly,
Blackthorn.
PROBABLE WINNERS,
. Turner has always been considered a
good trial horse, and no one has ever
ran around seeking the Stockton'ne
gro's game. Turner is dangerous for
any kind of an opponent, because he
has a knockout punch and can cross it
over like lightning. Gans displayed a
wholesome veBpect for Turner when
they met. a' couple of years ago, and no
fighter Is anxious to get? in and trade
blows with him. Cordell is a confident
chap; however, and believes he can
beat him at his own game.
The Reliance Club of Oakland
searched for a long time before it could
find . a suitable card to inaugurate to
morrow night another series of boxing
matches. A happy selection was finally
made in the capture of the signatures
of Jack Cordell and.Rufe Turner. Cor
dell is the. most promising of the young
er generation of boxers in this vicinity,
and his friends foresee a rosy future in
store for him. His third professional
bout was with Aurelia Herrera, and it
is a matter of history that, he outboxed
the hard-hitting Mexican at every turn
in the road.
Cordcll-Tunicr Bout Promising.
It is estimated at the Vatican that
the expenses of the coming year will
amount to nearly two million dollars.
About flve millions of the Papal
moneys, invested as a contingent fund;
will bring interest of more than $250,
000, and other property of the Holy
See will increase the certain income
to nearly half a million dollars. It Is,
then, a million and a half of dollars
which the Vat'can must receive from
the contributions of the faithful.
; '.Every Bishop who visits Rome
takes a contribution from the Catho
lics of his diocese. Mgr. O'Connell of
Newark took $4000 not long: ago. It
is hoped that the ninety-eight. Bishops
of America will be able to send to
Rome this year at least half a million
for Peter's pence. The recent falling
off of French contributions have
found compensation ; in the increased
generosity of Americans.
The sum total of Italian" contribu
tions to Peter's pence does not reach
an average of $60,000 a year. — N>iw
York Commerci?'
Pope Xecds $2,000,000.
Sixth race — Seven fu Hones; four-year-olds
and ur>: cellinc:
6450 Boutonnlcre (Jones) ...". 106
C438 Bill^.Moore (Rector) .100
WKC Aunt Polly (Graffort & Co.) 104
«377 Illowaho (Stover) 109
(6*75)P«stmaster (McAIester) lo«
64R3 Blackthorn (Fink). ;.1O9
C2-'S 'Montana. Peeress (Coffey) .....' a»
«>4(n *Oro Viva (Fountain) -.- 104
* 'Apprentice allowance.
C410 Toto Or&tlot (Wllkrrson) 103
6450 Flaneur (McCaffcrty) 107
C222 Mocorito tWellman) lo."i
6291 •Albemsrle (Quinlan) 1.10s
Tlist race — Fu.uritjr course, maiden three
f^ar-olds. «M«!!irT.
«1S»C "Targp-'e (Fountain) 102
C4^2 -Frivolous (Fitzgerald) l(r«
640:: Northwest (Clifford) 107
575>b 'Facts <Barker> ...102
Ursuline f ster (La Siesta Farm).. 107
W2 Jack Little fFine) 10»
«i>ti3 iitj-nard «F.torn) n/j
«".:¦/!.: M«xctt» iJeunesr) ".*.*.'. 107
*j?.Jt "The J*w <Wll*r>n) '.'.lot
br;s Ar>ydo» <Stov«-) ]09
iATi VauEhan (Mrs. Hertrell) 103
644S )!ari:a <\V<-!!man) 107
6451 Orchan <E<!g' vond Stock Farm) 100
Second nice — Four furlongs, two-year-olds.
purs- .
6417 rTduardn (Stovrr) 112
... Cloudlipht <Jo«ephf>) 107
Crir*<t Pbotbus-Lovelight. '
.... Trenore (Havlf* 107
Rubicon-Afllta B.
•>..*£ "Howard Vanc« <Flt*»erBl3)..... 110
t; >i-Herald-T/na.
CKT-'Ben trfic <Dob*or.) ..110
, fA'O H*.«*dl« (Cllffort!) i.Q 107
6315 Anita Knight (Spratt) 102
Third race >Five furlong*, four-year-olds and
*oil«* Bldp*M« (Madifon & Co.) 1C5
MCA Dr. Khennan (White) 102
63«;2 •Rustic Girl <Kit»:eral<5) »2
C":ii Scaforth (Redmond) 99
«iV. -Mcntoya fSchrriber) 94
HUf^nrerinuB fJuds*-) ic.
C&e. 'Hsntfuress (MipiMl 105
*UC4 'Plck.way (Jackson) 102
<6fJ«i>Qui2 II (McCaffcrty) 107
' ni»gcn (Morebouse) 105
6342 "Our Pride (Howe Stable) 87
Fourth race-One mile, and 70 yards: four
ye*r-oid« and up: sellinr:
4S2W Larr Crawford <Schreiber> 10.
C475 Wofo (MeCafrerty) - 1J»«
jr.4i.l)**xminFter <Bandall) »™
0*3 *Ev*a O <Ccffej) »3
fil20 -ncy Dare (Nealon) l"=
C1S7 Forest Kin* (JoneE) -.... 1<»
Fifth rac * Six and ¦''half furlonrs; three
»ar-ol.l» an« op: eellinr: „ . -
'fi.V-4 Coroner Keilty < Josephs) J"2
f377 I>Rvid P tSunaeid) *";
tWJiTcxr Grand!-* »Coft>y) f«
iC32»)Vellrwf»tnn» <Finc) »•"
6411 Mountebank (Kealinff) 1UJ
E* ri.IES 1X)R TO-DAY.
Pitches a Wonderful Twelve-Inning
Game for Tacoma, Which Is
Beaten. -
FRESNO, March 27.— Portland won
her first league game this afternoon,
defeating Tacoma in a close twelve-'
inning contest by a score of 4 to 3. The
feature of the game was the clever
fielding by both teams. Thielman for
Portland pitched good ball. Overall for
Tacoma showed wonderful possibilities
in speed, but was a little wild. It was
one of the best exhibitions of ball ever
seen in Fresno. The score follows:
Portland — Tacoma —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Frpem.lb 4 10 8 1 Casey,2b. 6 0 12 1
McCrd.rf 4 0 13 1 Nordy.lb 4 1 2 11 0
Nadeu.lt 5 12 5 0 McLgh.lf 5 114 0
Castro.ss. 6 114 3 Lynch.cf. 3 0 0 2 1
Beck.2b. 6 12 4 2 Egan.ss. 3 1 0 2 3
Drenn.cf 6 0 2 0 0 Hanvn.rf 3 0 1 2 0
Franc.3b 6 0 2 2 2'Shehn.3b 5 0 1 2 V 3
Stelmn.c 0 0 10 2 Hogan.c. 5 0 0 10 1
Thlelm.p 3 0 0 0 6 Overall.p 5 0 10 4
Totals 45 4 11*35 16 Totals 38 ~3 ~7»35 13
• McLaughlin out. hit by batted ball.
• Nadeau out for bunting third strike.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. {]
Portland 10000 100000 2—4
Base, hits ....... 1 1 0 0 1 2 1 0 1 2 0 2—11
Tacoma ..20000000000 1 — 3
Base hits 1010- 01O1010 2 — 7
SUMMARY.
Error — Esan. Karned run — Portland. Two
base hit — Castro. Sacrifice hits— Lynch, Hannl
van. First base on errors— Tacoma, 1; Port
land, 1. First base* on called balls — Off Over
all, 8; oft Thielman. 1. Left on bases— Tacoma,
4; Portland, 12. Struck out — By Overall, 8; by
Thielman, 9. Double Dlay — Freeman to Beck.
Passed ball — Steelman. Wild pitch — Thielman.
Time of game — Two hours 15 minutes. Umpire
—Jack Huston. . »
OVERALL'S GREAT SPEED.
Stolen bases— Waldron. Mohler, Van Haltren
Brashcar, Smith, Blankeni<hlp. Homo run—
Waldron. Errors— Delahanty (2), Brashear (•>)
Frisk. Hall. Blankenship. Three-base hit—
Deiahanty. Two-base hits— Kri*k, Schmeer
Smith. Barber. First base on errors San
Kranciwco, 3; Seattle, 1. First base on callrd
balls — Oft Cutter, 3; off Barber. 5. Left on
bases — San Francisco. 5; Seattle. 8. Struck
out— By Cutter, 4; by Barber. 2. Hit by pitcher
— Andorfion, Smith. Double plays — Van Haltren
to Brashrar: Barber to Mohler to Hall to
Braehear. Balk — Cutter. Time of same lh
55m. Umpire — McCarthy.
SUMMARY.
Totals 32 9 10 27 13| Totals 39 8 12 24 16
HUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 130030010—8
Base hits 1 4 1 0 2 10 2 1 12
San Francisco ..60020100 x 9
Base hits 4 01202 10 x 10
The morning game was full of runs.
Waldron started the music for San
Francisco in the first inning when he
soused the first ball pitched over the
right field fence for a homer. Then his
teammates took the hunch and clouted
out six runs before the inning was at
an end. Seattle played a good uphill
game with the bat and nearly won out,
but the fielding of the team was bad
and the teven errors helped Uncle to
acquire many tallies. The score:
San Francisco — I Seattle
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
W aldn.cf 5 12 3 OjVanHa.ct 3 2 2 3 2
Hlldeb.lf 3 3 0 2 O.Mohlr.2b4 2 2 6 1
Meany.rf 3 12 0 0;Delah,3b ft 1 1 2 2
lrwin.3b. 4 111 2 Friek.lf. 5 0 12 0
Ander,2b 3 111 2|Bra«<h.lb 5 O 1 5 0
Mas>sy,lb 3 1 1 13 0 Smith.rf. 4 2 3 0 0
Schmr.ss 3 0 2 3 2!Hall.ss. .- 5 0 0 3 4
Hansen.c 4 0 14 HBlankn.c'4 113 3
Cutter.p. 4 10 0 6jBarber,p 4 0 10 4
THE MORXIXG GAME."
Antonia G. Gonzales. a familiar
igure in California turf circles some
fears -ago, died at Guymaa. Mexico
-eontly. The affable Spanish horse
npr>, was the owner of Rey Alfonso,
vhich colt, as a two-year-old, ran a
TiM* at the Bay District track in
On ti „¦ same day there will be a
pecial event for race ponies at a
juarter of a mile. The contestants
vill be \V. S Hobarf* Silver Dick, R.
ipreoklp's Becky and Paul Clag
rtone's Miss Miller. They will be
•idden by professional jockeys.
On Wednesday there will be a
51000 handicap at a mile and a six
eenth .or three-year-olds and up
vards that should bring together a
ligh-claEs field.
vmong those entered is Pinkerton,
he fast son of Sain, in the stable of
5a.r>-ey Schreiber. The St. Louis
urfman has Inspector Halpin. Henry
Ich ,=ma Speaker Fontana to repre
*nt him also. Other condidates are
Irisbe. wini r of the Bell Stakes;
•alab,-. Prince Brutus, Geo. P. Mc-
Ceaf. Saccharate. Dr. Leggo and
Vnaurus.
Tr » Gebtiard Handicap for two
•ear olds will be run at Oakland next
5aturda> It will be the first time
he youngsters cover the Futurity
ou *e. and a fine field is expected, as
m ng "he sixty-five eligibles are
ome of the leading performers here,
rhe'^vent will have a value of about
3000.
s Jnc or the Eligible* for the Rich
Grhhurd Handicap.
ri.VRERTOX WILL START.
Chase, an amateur from Santa Clara,
filled Dillon's position at first and made
a big hit with the 5000 fans who watch
ed the game. He handled himself like
a natural ball player. With Baum,
Eager. Chase, Raymond and Cravath
on the team, it comes near being a
"native son" aggregation. Oakland's
first run was made on a base on balls,
two passed balls and an out. The other
run was due to an unusual bit of luck.
With Kruger on second from a hit and
a passed ball, Schafley dodged a high
in-curve which struck his bat and went
for a safe hit, scoring Kruger. The
feature of the game was the batting of
Bernard. Four times at bat netted
him three singles and a triple. Score:
Los Ancflrn — j Oakland —
AB. R. H. P.A. AH. R. H. P.A.
. B*>rnd.cf 4 14 1 OGanley.rf :t O 2 0 0
Flood.2b 4 0 2 fl SiFrnckn.BS 3 0 0 3 3
Smith.Sb 4 112 OlKruRer.lf 4 13 2 0
Chase.lb 3 0 0 7 0,Dunly.cf 4 0 0 10
Crvth.rf 4 0 0 2 1 Sehny.2b 4 0 .2 4 1
Ross, If 4 0 1 1 O;Et r eib,lb 3 0 0 10 0
Toman.M 4 1 1 S 2i Dvrx. 3b 2 0 0 0 2
Eager.c 3 2 18 4 Lohmn.c 3 0 0 4 2
Baum, pi 0 0 0 3 Bchan.ri 2 10 0 4
Totals.31 6 10 27 12 Totals.28 2 7 24 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ix* Anseles 0 0 113 0 0 0 x— 5
Base hits I 0 114 0 2 1 x— 10
Oakland 0 01100000—2
Base hits 1 11102000—7
Et-'MMART.
Stolen bases — Flood, Smith. Error — Dever
eaux. Three-base hit — Bernard. Two-base
hits — Kruger. Toman. Sacrifice hits^ — Chase,
Baum (2). First base on balls — Oft Baum 4,
oft Buchanan 1. Struck out — By Baum 5, by
Buchanan 4. Left on bases — Los Angeles 4,
Oakland 3.' Double plays— Cravath to Chase;
Flood to Chase. Wild pitch — Baum. Pa«*cd
bails — Kager 2. Lohman 1. Umpire — O'Con
nell. Time of came — One hour 45 mln. ;, ••;;.
Series With Oakland.
LOS ANGELES. March 27.— Los An
geles made it three out of four for the
series with Oakland, winning to-day's
game by the score of 5 to 2. Baum. a
San Francisco youngster, pitched his
first game and did excellent work. Bar
ring a slight nervousness at the be
ginning, his work was almost perfect.
He fielded well, struck out five batters,
made two sacrifice hits and was as
steady as a veteran with men on bases.
Makes It Three Out of Four for the
ANOTHER GAME FOR MORLEY.
One of Britt's trainers said yesterday
that his bones are as small as a child's
and are all out of proportion to the size
of his body. This doubtless accounts
for Britt's light weight in proportion to
his height and size.
Jimmy Britt was at the head of a
long procession of small boys and curi
ous ones on the streets last evening,
and though his appearance has im
proved somewhat since he left the ring
at "Woodward's Pavilion, his bruised
features still tell of theterriflc battle in
which he engaged.
. In speaking of a second match with
Corbett Jimmy said: "You can say for
me that if Young Corbett wants an
other try with me he can have it. Fur
thermore I will not keep him waiting
as long as he did McGovern and my
self. I'll fight him as soon as my arm
and hands are in good condition."
Dr. Jones made a careful X-ray ex
amination of Britt's right arm yester
day and reported that a bone is broken
between the elbow and wrist. He says
it will be several weeks before the bones
will be knit sufficiently for Britt to do
any amount of boxing. The injury is
the same as the one he sustained in the
Canole fight.
X-Ray Shows the Right Arm Is In
jured,, as It Was in Canole
Fi^ht.
BROKEN* BONE WILL KEEP
BRITT IDLE 1X>R A WHILE
The Independents beat the Thistles
two goals to one yesterday on the Pre
sidio athletic grounds in the final tie
for the California Association Football
Union cup.
The last match of the series for the
championship of the California Asso
ciation Football League was won by
the Oakland Hornets with a score of
11 goals to 0 against the Pickwicks.
This victory puts the Oakland Hornets
fifth in the table . of results of the
league matches for the season and
ahead of the Occidentals and Pick
wicks.
The Independents lost the toss and
had to play against the wind In the
first period. Soon after the ball had
been put into play rain, began to fall
and continued until the end of the
match.
From the start the play was ! fast
and furious, the Independents playing
a quick game and getting past the de
fensive line of the Thistles several
times. Neither side was able to score
in the first period, though the Scotch
team had three corner kicks.
- In the second period the Indepen
dents, having the wind with them,
pressed the Thistles hard and the
clever passing of the Thistles* forwards
was » seriously interfered with by the
slippery ground. At last a hard kick
from one of the Thistles' forwards sent
the ball clean between Mechels* legs.
It slipped through the hands of Forbes,
making the first goal for the Thistles.
Later a free kick was Riven to the In
dependents. Duncanson took it, made
a good kick to P. Fay, who headed it
into the net, equalizing the score.
Then an Independent kicked the ball
into the mouth of the Thistles* goal.
Lowe saved It and put it into the field.
One or the Fays then- kicked it Into the
net and the Independent supporters
became delirious. Referee Robinson
simply awarded a free kick. In the last
few minutes of play Mechels scored a
second goal for the Independents, mak
ing the score read: Independents, 2
goals; Thistles. 1 goal. Arthur Robin
son was referee, with C. "W. Irish and
L. R. Gillchrest as linesman. The
teams lined up:
Independents. Position. Thistles.
Forbes Goalkeeper Low#
Armstrong Left back Tlerney
Lynch Right back Forrest
McGran Left halfback Taylor
Mechels Center halfback. . .Duncan
Duncanson Right halfback. . .McGregor
Watt Dutslde left A. Dlsher
E. Fay Inside left T. Dlsher
P.. Fa v Center fd'rward.T. 8. Lydon
T. Fay Tnside richt. ., .. . J. Smith
Ruvsell Outside right Hunter
The cup game was preceded by the
match between the Oakland Hornets
and the Pickwicks. C:- W. Irish being
the referee, with Churchill and Gill
chrest as linesmen. Both teams were
short handed, the Hornets playing
with eight men and the Pickwicks with
nine. The Hornets had things all their
own way, scoring five goals In the first
period and six j?oals In the second half.
The Hornets lined up in the following
order: C. C. Y. "Williamson, goal
keeper: McKenzie. left back: Rafael
right back: Pomeroy, left half back:
Podmore. center half back; McArthur.
right half back; Plerson and Shand,
forwards. The Pickwick team con
sisted of Hugh ¦Williamson, goal
keeper; Thomas, left back; "Walker,
right back: Luby, left half back; Todd.
center half back; Brokenshire. right
half back; Warren, "Watson and Rob
ertson, forwards.
FLYCASTERS ARE HA3IPERED
BY UNFAVORABLE WEATHER
Frank E. Mason did some great
shooting at Shell Mound Park yester
day, v.-inning two events out of three.
He finished second in the third event.
At. the honorary target of the Ger
mania Club he scored 72 and 71 rings
out of a possible 75. On the bvllseye
target for best center he made the
good shoot of 132 points. For most red
flags during the day he scored 65.
Al C. Gehret was high man for most
flags, with a total of 77. A. Strecker.
N. Ahrens and A. Pape did some good
work on the flag target. On the hon
orary target Max Kolander was second
with 72 rings and A. Strecker third
with 71.
The principal event of the day waa
tht; annual. prize shoot of the Germania
Schuetzen Club. The festival was one
of the most largely attended since the
event of the third National Bundei
Festival. The success of the affair was
largely due to the committee of ar
rangements, composed of D. B. Fak
tor. N; Ahrens. Wiliiam Goltze. H.
Huber. F. P. Schuster, A. C. Gehret, E.
H. Goetze and W. F. Blasse.
Philo Jacoby, the old-time champion,
did some good shooting during the day.
On one of his tickets he placed two
shots out o! three In the circumference
of a dollar piece. His other shot wad
within 6^ inches of a true center. Con
sidering the condition of the weather
while he was shooting the score was a
good one at 200 yards. The scores:
Gerraanla Club: Honorary target— F . E.
Mason. Ti. 71: JI. Kolandfir, 72. KO; A. StrecK
er. 71. 70; X. Ahrens. 71. «3; II. Zocher. 71.
01; A. Pape. 7O. 60: Al C. Gehret. 7t>. «J: D.
B. Faktor. 70. 6S; F. I'. Schuster. 7O. 6X; W.
F. Blassc. 70. «K.\ Otto Bremer. 69. «S; B.
Jonas, ca, C»; John Gefkln.. 63; H. Huber. «S.
67; J. I>. Heise. 6$. 67; F. H. Bremer. 68. «7;
M. F. Klasse. 68. 64: August JunKblut. 6S. 62;
H. Meyer. 68; L. Bendel. 67, «5; F. Brandt.
67. 62: I>. Ealfleld. 67.-67; A. Rahwyler (V7.
53; Charles Thierbach. 6rt. 66: H. Bornholdt.
6«. 64: Philo Jacoby. 6fi. 62: George If Bahr«.
65, 65; J. Meyer. 65. 04: John Jones. 65. 63;
H. Stelllngr. 65. 61; E. Englander. 63: E. Ham
mond, 64. 62; A. Schaefer. 64; H. P. Nelson,
63. 61.
Bullsey* target, best centers — F. B. MascTO
132. D. B. Faktor 131. Otto Bremer 235. A. C.
Gehret 249. G«ore<» H. Bahrs. 253. A. Pap*
310, A. Strecker 3.17. L. Bendel 4fi2. F. P.
Schuster 498. August Jungblut WX>. N. Ahrens
612. Philo Jacoby 600. M. F. Blasse 604. Max
Kolander 643. F. Werlen 749. Most red flags—
A C. Oehret 77. F. E. Mason 65. A. Strecker
65, N\ Ahrens 40. D. B. Faktor 36. A. Pap*
20, M. Kolander 28. H. Huber 27. G#org- H.
Bahra 19. A. Rahwyler IS, M. F. Blass« 17.
Otto Bremer 16.' C. Thterbach 11, W. F. Bltnt
11: first bullseye in morning. W. F. Blaoe;
last in mnrnlM, M. F. Blasse; first la after
noon. E. Hammond.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln, competition
•hooting— First class, F. P. Schuster 221 rinys;
second class. F. Brandt 212; third class, H.
Barnholdt 104: fourth class. A. Grants 1S4.
Bullseye shootin* — Charles Thlerbach 103. Otto
Lemcke 235. Louts Bendel 2S1, A. Bertelwm
36S. Fr*d Brandt 372. A. Schaefer 6«?8. Char!?*
Oldajr 6O?. Captain H»nry Stetllnc; «». John
Gefkln 723. J. C. WTallT 724. F. Koch 72S. E.
Doell 732. A. Pap* 774. D. Hontemaan 920. F.
Pap* MS, H. Barnholdt 1C05. J. L*nkenau 1045.
C. Krvsa 1053. Lieutenant Henry Meyer 1143.
Captain John Thode 1196.
JCorddeutscher Sehuetzen Clab. monthly
medal choot — First champion class, not filled;
second champion class, not flUM: flrct clam.
Henry Merer 384 lines; second class. t\
Schlnckel 378: third class.' not filled; fourtli
class, E. Stehn 31H. Best first shot. Charles
Oldag 25: best last shot. H. Munater 25.
Golden Gate Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
medal shoot — Re-entry match, rifle, F. H.
Bremer 208. M. Kolander 207. Silver mortal,
E. Englander. 173. 16O. Bronx* medal. F. J.
Klatze. 1S5. 177 174 151. 150. Pistol re-entry
match. G. E. Frahm. 84: W. F. Blassa. 93:
J R. Treio. 87. 84. 81; F. W. Ho*dley. S«:
H. P Nelson. R5. 85, 82. 78. Revolver re-entry
match, M. J. White. K>. S4; J. Kullmann. 85,
82: G. E. Frahm, SI: Charles Cleveland, 74.
Redmen's SchueUen Club, monthly medal
shoot: Champion class — John D. Feldermann.
392: first class — N. Dleckert. 304: second
class — Lieutenant Henry Schuls. 347: third
class — Daniel Tomke, 302: fourth class —
H Nicolai. 347: best flr«t shot — Herman
Schult. 23; best last shot — Henry 8chulta. 24.
Bullseye shoot — Captain H. Grteb 824; D.
Tamke 70; John D. Feldermann. 7S8; Henry
Schultz. 834; F. Werlen, 861.
Cadets, University of California, trial
shootlnit— R. I. Turner 49. S. E. Montgomery
47 H O. McKannay 46. A. R. Traphasen 43.
J. C. "Whitman 44, V A. R. -Whitman «, R F.
Daniels 43. R. O. Hoedel 42. E. K. Saff3r-t
41. J. C. Black 4O. J. A. Burgess 40, A. C.
Thode SS. T. Williamson 33. W. N. Gabriel
SS. W. Chandler 37.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rtfls Club, practice
shoot— TV. Guild, 412; Al Thompson. 402: I*
V Frates. 3S4; H. Skinner. 3S7.
The members of the San Francisco
Fly Casting Club met at Stow Lake,
Golden Gate Park, on Saturday and
again yesterday In club contests. The
weather conditions proved unfavorable
and only average scores were made.
The scores in the distance event were
unusually low. The official scores fol
low:
Ix>w Scores Prevail in the Club Com
petition on Stow Liake, Golden
Gate Park.
Hoiv Roses Grow on Wire.
The star does all the fine work of
the place, and always has more to do
than she can accomplish, because there
ere none of the other forty workers
competent to lend a hand. She makes
her $22 to $25 per week on piecework
all the year around, and hasn't taken
so much as a lady's vacation for two
years. The other girls make $9 a week,
and that for only six or eight months
of the year.
"We don't make many of the finest
kind here in the country, though," said
the star rosemaker. "They usually have
to Import them. They haven't enough
skilled workers here to supply big or
ders, and it doesn't pay the manufac
turers to do special orders. This sort,"
picking up a small June rose, "this
sort a fairly srood worker can make a
gross of in one day and two hours of
the next. I have made other kinds,
though, where flye were considered a
fine day's work. They had 175 pieces,
though, with eighteen different shapes
and sizes of petals In each rose, and
every one of the 175 had to be put
In its proper place or the whole rose
was ruined."— Leslie's Monthly.
It is now stated that the real rea
son why bullets were -used in the re
cent sham fight at Camberley is that
the authorities wished to thoroughly
exercise the troops in taking cover.
see, some more fine playing when the
men meet again. Scores:
Michael Egan t 2>— 15— 21— 21— 21— 21— 21
James FiUserald 18—21—3 — &— 2— 9 — 8
White and Corey 21—21
Collins and Maguire 1^—20
In order to win the championship and
the $700 gate . receipts . Egan must • win
two more games next Sunday. It Is
almost a -foregone conclusion he will
win, but the club members expect to
The defeated player complained of
the balls used, claiming they were too
heavy and not fast enough. The men
played with a regulation Donchue ball
and it bounded around the court as if
fullof;life.
The tremendous efforts he put forth
In the second game had Its effect on
Fitzgerald and he was, to us"e a prize
ring phrase, "all In." Egan showed no
mercy and went at his opponent with
bulldog tenacity and wc-n the third
game by a score of 21 to 5. Fitzgerald
tried hard in the fourth game, but could
make only 9 points. In the sixth Egan
won as he pleased by a score of 21 to 2,
and he also took the seventh game by a
score of -21 to 8.
Egan gave a most remarkable exhi
bition of strength and agility. He was
just as fast on his feet and drove the
ball with even greater speed in the final
game than in the opening games. He
never let up In his work. The specta
tors imagined he had a bat in his hand,
he hit the ball so hard. Egan's style
opened the eyes of men who play
at the game. He used his left hand
with as much skill as his right and
seemed able to hit the ball from any
position. It was his terrific drives that
won him a victory. Even if Fitzgerald
dM get his hands on. the ball he could
only return it weakly and then Egan
did what he, pleased with it.
Fitzgerald played at times like, a
champion, but these flashes of old-time
playing far between. Egan's
youth and strength, coupled with his
splendid control of the,ball,' gained him
new laurels. • • ¦ j -
Fitzgerald put his man out quickly
in the second game and went in to
win. He threw all his strength into
his serve and had Egan guessing. Fitz
gerald had 12 to Egan's 4 before Egan
got his hand in and then the visitor
ran it up to 11. Both men tired per
ceptibly and they were more deliberate
In their movements. Instead of run
ning back for the. ball, they would meet
it on the fly and drive it out again.
The back wall play of Goth men was
of high order. Fitzgerald split the
back of his right hand In a wild at
tempt to get under a low drive. Fitz
gerald by a series of "kills" and hard
serving won the second game by a score
of 21 to 15.
Egan secured the first ace by a bril
liant "kill" from the back wall. In his
anxiety to serve points .Egan violated
the rule by overstepping the line and
the referee declared "foul" on each oc
casion. Fitzgerald put Egan out with
a low drive to the left corner and went
in and made a point. The two experts
settled down to their Work and played
brilliantly. It was even up • at six
points. Fitzgerald used a stiff left In
returning and killed repeatedly. Fitz
gerald led for a time and then Egan
began to send out a lightning serve.
The score was even up at 17. After ter
rific play On both sides the men were
tied at 18 and then Egan had a little
luck and captured the first game by a
score of 21 to 18.
The first two games were full of fast
and exciting play. Fitzgerald was fresh
and strong, and his admirers believed
he would ultimately win the series, but
Egan warmed to his work, and the
spectators were treated to sensational
playing. From the standpoint of a
handball expert it was the linest exhi
bitlpn of the fascinating game ever seen
on this coast, or, in fact, in the world.
Before the game Henry Corey and
Jimmy White, two clever amateurs, de
feated Joe Collins and Midgy Maguire
in two out of three games. At the con
clusion of their macth the champion
and the challenger entered the court
and were given a hearty greeting by
the big crowd that filled the three gal
lories. J. C. Nealon, the veteran player,
introduced the pair, and also took oc
casion to thank the directors of the
Olympic Club for making it possible to
bring the foremost exponents of the
game to the court and allowing the
members and devotees of the game to
see them in action. He also Introduced
former Alderman Dunne of New York,
an ex-champion, who came here with
Egan and who acted as scorer. Mr.
Dunne took the opportunity to express
his sincere thanks to the members of
the Oylmpic Club for the many cour
tesies extended Mr. Egan and himself.
He stated that owing to illness Phil
Casey, the one-time champion ' and a
favorite here, was unable to accompany
him on the trip.
Al Hampton was selected to referee
the match, and the men hit the ball
around the court to warm their hands.
Egan won the toss, and the spectators
bent forward to watch the play. The
ball was tossed all over the court, and
this made things lively for the pair. It
caused them to run in every direction
in order to return it to the front wall.
The ball was a "humming bird," and it
made one dizzy to watch it shoot
through space.
Michael Egan of Jersey City proved
to the satisfaction of a large gathering
of handball enthusiasts at the Olympic
Athletic Club yesterday afternoon that
he Is without a peer as an exponent of
the famous Irish pastime. He handily
defeated James Fitzgerald, who held
the title of world's champion, and the
manner in which he captured the six
out of seven games played stamped him
as the man upon whom the laurels of
champion should rest. He was Fitzger
ald's master in every department of the
game except head work. His more ex
perienced opponent had the finer points
of the game down to perfection, but
this availed him little, as Egan's terrific
serving and wonderfully fast returns
forced i Fitzgerald to throw aside his
science and bend his every effort to lay
his hands on the fast moving ball.
From a spectator's standpoint the
games were not as exciting as was an
ticipated. This was due to the wonder
ful playing of Egan. After the second
game Fitzgerald's strength began to
wane, and the young giant from Jersey
City redoubled his efforts and won as
he pleased. With all his cleverness,
Fitzgerald could not return the ball
with speed, and Egan had ample oppor
tunity to manipulate the ball as he
pleased. Fitzgerald showed great clev
erness at times in placing the ball. He
frequently drove it low with each hand
and aroused the enthusiasm of the
spectators.
By Lonls L/Cvy.
CHICAGO. March 27. — James
'L«ary, who is making a winter
o'^'n on" the Brooklyn. Suburban and
»"*rl<J's Fair handicaps, has issued
ie» following odds on these races:
' 'WORLD'S FAIR HANDICAP.
i<*Cherney 12.Empor!um *. .200
[erjsi« lSiSanibo 40
?!•.., rder 20! Colonial Girl 30
rif-ji Lad 20 Hardtng 40
))¦ k -We'ln Mll'eter Paul 40
-''d Heels 20'Kinfr 40
jivaNe ..'. ISjl'eiitchland 40
¦"hVPiikei I2il>on Domo 50
".uri;.*!* IV M^harlb SO
*oJ-d o: the Vale 50 ' B'lr. atcher 20
c-rfull 60 Flower King 25
ix Shooter ..' 25 Byron Rose 100
Vitfuil . .«. 15 Ink 100
¦niunrtlcM ...* 15 K'd Raven 1UO
jdt-e Himes* '£> Monastic II 60
allant t*> Ed Tierney 30
•Us ••- 75IOld Stone 4i»
1O<W 2O'Batts 50
•-inKuiFt 20;Comrade 75
'lyfng Torpedo 30'Pol Roger 75
if rr.ays •. 20! Kdgardo 6V
Vrra Firm* 50 'Fenian 60
'*Ti*end 200 j Paymaster 100
• lazelwood 40jFulger 75
•rt Wefts 20i Hast Du GeseheiJ. .ISO
jozittci Jcut 200 1
BROOKLYN HANDICAP.
leCtieETiev ...^ S:New York 200
lerri.is 12'Pul*us 30
.f rounder V2, Km barra semen t ... 40
rien'L».i 10, city Bank loo
vdvance uuard . .« 50 Flying Terr>edo ... 75
'h- Picket 20 South Trimble 75
Ufor Dainc^rfleld. 2<ii<"snotas .• W
«vable 20,Tnbocfran loo
;<• r\*n Sfaxlrn ;>i>-l>»I HI :JU
hav'M Elwood 20i Jockey Club
hurt Hw* 2»:L'irk Bernard 40
iur^tbowrrje 20!pta!w>>rt 30
{unn'.ls 4i', Colonial Girl fl<>
.'.rd of tt-.e Vale...* MS Monriescrn 50
M3CCMU 50'rnmK.n Dall 200
aniorr ." 4<»: ormond'V Kirht .. 4O
Iizi..n ............ SftlfloH Saint W#
Vh:r\rr "... G0| Joound ZO
Jrard <~>r-era 7Mi3a«eful 75
Kni-er i WhOrthndox BO
•al'.sman '....V.... SOfKoMa Hood ....... «>
's-l r ..-.'. w . 40;Knight Errant 100
SoeeBla Byrch* •SOlCettystmrs «;o
-uttons i.. .Vi Jnir.e* v 200
<e<1 Kr.'.ght «. 40;Feter Paul 40
litrhhflll ill L-ird IJadge 10<»
irey Friar . .'. 4" 40
laude 12;L!iynf th» Valley.. 75
"aittain Buoklr ..".100 St. Valentine 50
J .om:ibert 4... 7'..ll!!yrta 150
I^rrHi^g Pefie i... 3* !< "are:esp k l.V)
toftaoJ .-. 3<ijjohn F. .« 200
BUBl'RBAX HANDICAP.
V:..'-boy" ."..... 1<» Hamburs Belle ... 30
•IiChr*ney" 10 K'wrvation 5O
? err. if ...'. 15 New York 3O>
\frl<j*nder - 15 Moris. Beaucaire ..I'")
(rtsJj Lad '...1 15:<'lty Bank 100
\d\;»iir-e Guard "... 50 Flying Torpedo ... 75
•»veb!» .; . m 20 <>na*os 60
fhe Picket 20 Pulmis 30
la.'* Dainrrfleld . 25 South Trimble 75
»old«=n-:.'taxinj .'.... 40 Toboggan 150
=hort Hn» • .*. . 30! Delhi 30
¦| Tl<.. Elwood ... 25 Jockey Club 2uO
iunsTbounv? ...:.. 25iOrly II 150
*':nne:« j 40 X>!ck Bernard 50
'.in t-t t'he Vale... 50 i Stalwart 30
V. full ..-..: SOiColonlal Girl «0
?arj.on .1...'....-... 5".Montreson 50
f'-.zz'n '. i-.'. ........ j. 60 Ormodes Right .... 40
Vlor,er ....'..'.... 6" Cinnon Bail 2OO
\it'cn •.; 7S Gold Saint 50,
2r&->d Orera .'. 100 1 .focund .TO
'raiscei-co .......... 5<t'Baseful »...1OO
¦ ciier ....• CO 1 Robin Hood 75
J ropv-r ; 40 'Knight Errant .... 75
~'ift.*.*a Burch ."... 30 'Gettysburg 75
ligh Chancellor .. 30;.iam*s V 200
• 3utf-ns .Vi-Raxlan 60
75.*:>»trlch 40
*feli«n<«n' •, 75 Illyrla. 150
liSliDail 20 Careless 2O0
irej Frifcr-...^ 40 j Bob Murphy 200
:ar*ain ...loo. Ruby Ring 200
.'Uude '.... 15' John F 200
JoflLibert ¦- 10**
Errors— Hanson f2), Waldron, Shock, Leahy,
Anderson. Two-base hit — Smith. Sacrifice
hits — Meany, Brashear. First base on errors —
San FrancUco 1, Seattle 3. First base on
called balls— Off Shock 2, off Hall 4. Left on
bases — San Francisco 7, Seattle 7. Struck
out— By Yerkes 3. by Hall 3. Hit by pitcher —
Schmeer. Wild pitch — Yerkes. Time of game
1 hour and 30 mln. Umpire — McCarthy. Game
called at ending of sixth inning. Rain.
SUMMARY
San Francisco — 1 Seattle —
AB. R. H.P.A.I AB. R. H.P.A.
"U'aldn.cf 3 112 0 Vn Hn.cf 4 0 13 0
Hildbd.tf O 1 O 1 0Mhler.2b 4 10 12
Meany.rf 3 110 0 Dlhny,3b 3 112 0
Irwln.rSb. 3 1 2 1 liFrlsk.lf. 3 12 10
Leahy.c. 2 0 0 4 1 Brshr.lb 2 2 2-5 0
Andsn.2b 3 0 0 12 Smith.rf .1110 0
Macsy.lb 10 10 0 Hall R.m 3 10 2 0
Schmr. s 2 0 O 0 3 Wilson.c 3 0 2 3 1
Yerkes.p 3 0 10 0 Phock. p 0 0 O 0 0
Hansn.lb I 0 0 0 0 Hall.C.p 3 0 113
Total».21 4 rt 15 7 Totals.2S 7 10 18 C
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 2 5 0 0 x— 7
Base hits 0 3 6 1 0 x— 10
San Francisco 4 0 0 0 0 0— 4
Base hits 4 1 1 0 0 0—6
The rain came down throughout, but
the fans in attendance wanted to see
five Innings anyhow. Jack McCarthy
was kind and allowed the game to gj
on. In the sixth It went beyond the
limit and so the umpire held a consul
tation with himself and motioned to
those present to go and seek their fire
places. The score:
The bases were still full and It looked
bad. Anderson hit one that Shock for
got to stop and of course Meany ar
rived. Then Wilson ordered the big:
slab jirtlst to camp under the bench
for a while and a youngster, Charles
Hall by name, essayed to toss a few.
Massey hit him safely and brought Ir
win in and that was the only run they
got off the kid.
Seattle struck her gait in the second
spasm. Two runs came in as soon as
the northern men got a line on the
kind that^Yerkes throws. In the third,
they commenced to punish the sphere
as though it was convicted of a crim
inal offense. Everybody took a ride on
it and when three had been declared
out five runs were marked up for
Seattle.
all kinds of runs while the rain fell.
Score, 7 to 4.
Uncle forgot to stake his charges to
umbrellas in the afternoon. That was
the principal cause of their downfall.
Wilson's colts did not need such things,
so they won. The game broke up at the
beginning of the sixth Inning. The
Juice came so fast that the base run
ners demanded rowboats. Umpire Mc-
Carthy had no naval stores in his col
lection, so he compromised by calling
the game off.
The locals got in right during the
first inning, but instead of going a little
further, they anchored there in the
mud. They made four runs and thought
that was enough to win, but when
Seattle got started it looked like a
funeral procession. The northern stars
rolled 'em up in every round and would
probably be scoring yet if they had
had their canoes with them.
Mr. Shock, he of the gigantic propor
tions, toed the scratch in the begin
ning of the game for the Seattles. He
lasted about five .minutes. Waldron
sneaked in a hit over the third sack.
Hildebrand was passed and Meany
came through with a bingle. Then Ir
win smashed the leather safely and
"Waldron registered. Leahy walked,
forcing Hilde home.
The Seattle and the San Francisco
baseball men parted for a while yes
terday afternoon after hagding it out
to each other evenly in the. first series.
Uncle's bunch nosed out the visitors
at the finish in the morning set-to
across the bay, 9 to 8. They did not
have strength enough left to waddle
through the mud in the afternoon and
the ducks from northern climes made
Third round — Fenti beat Sir Winton. S-4;
Clover Blossom beat Ml Amlgo, 6-2; Young
Johnnie Rex beat Crawford Belle, 10-3; Hap
hazard beat Aurella, 5-3: Oulda beat Merry-
Go-Round, 8-8; Orslna beat Pasha Pleasant.
6-1: Little Plunger beat Presidio Boy. 5-4;
Jerry Wrfeht beat Lily York. 6-4; Yellowtall
beat Conroy, 3-2; Sea Lion beat Fannie
Hughle, 7-3; Reckless Acrobat beat Full Moon.
5-1: Vina beat Wattles, 6-1. .
Fourth, round— Clover Blossom beat Fenli,
4-2; Young Johnnie Rex beat Haphazard, 4-1;
Orslna beat Oulda, 3-1; Jerry Wright beat
Little Pluneer. 3-1; Sea Lion beat Yellowtail,
S-4: Reckless Acrobat beat Vina, 4-0.
Fifth round — Clover Blossom beat Young
Johnnie Rex. 7-1; Orsina beat Jerry Wright,
5-O; Reckless Acrobat beat Sea Lion, 8-1.
Sixth round — Clover Blossom beat Orelna,
4-2; Reckless Acrobat a bye. /
Deciding course — Clover Blossom beat Reck
less Acrobat, 6-1.
Some good short ends were recorded
during the day. Crawford Belle beat
Young Fearless and Orslna beat Pasha
Pleasant at 3 to 1. Merry Go Round
beat Firm Fellow. Yellowtall beat Vik
ing and Little Plunger beat Presidio
Boy at 2 to 1. Conroy beat Yellowtail
at 3^ to 1. Young Johnnie Rex beat
Crawford Belle at 2¥t to 1. Following
are the day's results with Judge
Thomas Tierney's official scores:
Open stake: Second round — Sir Winton beat
Mark Twain. 10-7: Fenli beat Cosette. 10-0;
Clover Blossom beat Silver Cloud, 4-0; Mi Am
igo beat Toronto, 4-2; Young Johnnie Rex beat
Koee of Gold. 9-4; Crawford Belle beat Young:
Fearless, 4-3* Aurella beat Money Musk, 4-1;
Haphazard bcafSofala, 4-1; Oulda beat Lulu
Girl, 6-0; Merry-Go-Round bea^ Firm Fellow,
14-5; Orsina beat Don Pedro, 3-1; Pasha
Pleasant beat Ragged Actor. 13-11: Presidio
Boy beat Frisco Lad, 5-0; Little Plunger beat
Fairy Belle, 12-1: Lily York beat Royal
Friend, 4-2; Jerry Wrljfht b«-at Intruder/ 4-2:
Yellowtall beat Viking, 6-5; Conroy beat
Equator. 4-2; Sea Lion beat Doc Burns. G-0;
Fannie Hughle beat Fontenoy, 3-2; Reckless
Acrobat beat Northern Alarm. 7-1: Full Moon
beat Prometheus, 8-1; Wattles beat Drifting
Dawn, 6-2; Vina beat Maid of the Glen, 0-4.
P. J. Rellly's fast young courser
Clover Blossom won first honors in the
open stake at Ingleside Coursing Park
yesterday, beating Reckless Acrobat in
the deciding course.
The result was a surprise to the tal
ent, the wise ones figuring Reckless Ac
robat a cinch and playing heavily on
his chances at 1 to 4.
In all her courses Clover Blossom was
led to the hare, but managed to out
work her opponents. With Young
Johnnie Rex she was well favored by
the hare.
Lord Brazen, a young greyhound
from the kennels of G. Lacy Crawford
of St. Louis, carried off the honors yes
terday at Union Coursing Park. For a
moment in the' deciding course it
seemed Free Born, a son of Fetter Free,
would take the Hag from the favorite.
The hare favored the latter and he
made the ecore a tie, each having two
points. At the next attempt Lord
Brazen won all the way, taking the
course by a score of six points to noth
ing. The stake winner opened at S to 1
In the long odds book.
Frank Dunn furnished the surprise
of the day in the second round, when
he outstayed and beat the veteran Sac
ramento Boy, which was a 1 to 10
choice.
Despite the unfavorable condition of
the weather there was a good attend
ance and the betting was heavy. The
favorites won all but twelve of the six
ty-four trials. The driving mist puz
zled the greyhounds, and there were
seventeen trials which had to be run
twice. Liberator was the greatest suf
ferer, as he ran five times with Puhal
low in the first round before the winner
could be named.
The day's results, with Judge P. J.
Keilly's official scores, follow:
Fir6t round— Terah beat John Heensn, 3-2:
McVey bent MolMe Me. 3-2; Racine Auto
beat Shadow, i j - :i ; Hudson beat Barefoot Boy,
6-2; .Colored Lady beat L<vetta. C-l: Cubanola
beat Rocker Aim. 8-1; Cr»>»wlrk heat Tralee
Boy, 5-o; Idaho Boy tvat Apple Blossom,
4-3"; Afrglp W beat Humbuj?. 14-2; Real
Article l>eat Kocklin Buy, 3tt-* Gambit bei>t
Lord Granarrt. fi-O; Lord Brazen brat Rubber
Ankl"F. 8-1: Frank Dunn brat Tralee Lass.
I-ttJ Sacramento Boy beat Troublesome. 0-2;
Ruby s-ankey beat Star Sylvanus. 7-0: Queen's
Mctto beat .Vandal. 3-0; Liberator beat Du
halloTv. 12-4; The Referee beat Texas Mamie,
21-3; Pepper Jack beat Wave of Fortune $»-(>;
Free. Born beat Rolla Well*. .1-2; Tfllie R beat
McHenry. R-l; Rector beat New Home Boy.
K-6; Mellinwood beat Donnybrook. f>-3; Menlo
Frince beat Medley. 7-0; Pepper Hill beat
Empire Boy. 7-3; Lost Chord beat High Born,
5-2; Frisky Barbara beat Concord Tralee.
4-3; Bonnie Pasha beat Game Boy. 5-1; Roy
Hughie brat Texac Hoo Hoo. 7-2; Red Rock
beat General de Wet. 10-S; Friendless Boy
beat Honest John. U-4; Cloverdale beat Our
Minnie. 10-4.
Second round — McVey beat Terah, 4-0; Rac
ins Auto beat Hudson. «-l; Cubanola beat
Colored Lady. 3-<>: Creswlck beat Idaho Boy,
3-0; Aggie W a. bye. Real Article with
drawn; Lord Brazen beat Gambit, 3-o;
Frank Dunn beat Sacramento Boy. 14-11;
Ruby Sankey beat Vandal. 4-3: Liberator beat
The Referee. 4-3: Free Born beat Pepper Jack.
6-1; Tillie R beat Rector, 3-1; Menlo Prince
beat MeJlinwood. 5-1: Lo«t Chord beat Pepper
Hill. 4-3; Frisky Barbara beat Bonnie Pasha,
5-1; Rcy Hushie beat Red Rock. 9-7; Clover
dale beat Friendler* Boy. 3-1.
Third round— McVey beat Racing Auto. 6-2:
Cubanola beat Creswlck. 5-2; Lord Brazen
beat Artie W, 3-2: Ruby gankey beat Frank
Dunn. 6-0; Free Born beat Liberator. 4-o:
Menlo Prince be«t THlle R. 7-«; Frisky Bar
bara beat Lost Chord, 3-2; Cloverdale beat
Roy Hughle. 5-O.
Fourth round — Cubanola. beat McVey, 8-3;
Lord Brazen beat Ruby Sankey, 8-4: Free
Born beat Menlo Prince, 10-4; Frisky Barbara
beat Cloverdale. 7-2.
Fifth round— Lord Brazen beat Cubanola,
6 0; Fr*» Born beat Frisky Barbara. 11-4.
Decidlnr course — Lord Brazen beat Free
Born. 2-2, 6-ft.
Seattle Overcomes Big Lead.
Scoring in Clever Style
on Recreation Diamond
s Favorite for the Brook
lyn ' Handicap With Irish
Lad . Second in Demand
Gehret, Strecker, Ahrens,
Pape, 'Jacoby and "Other
Experts in Good Form
His Youth and Remarkable
Strength Prove Too Much
for Opponent's Science
Crawford Belle Outpoints
Fast Young Fearless in
Close at Good Odds
Hornets Beat Pickwicks in
Last MatcMor Champion
ship of Football League
Starts Five Times With Du
hallow Before a Winner
Can Be Decided Upon
WINNER A MASTER HAND
kCHESNEY IS FANCIED
CAPTURES TWO EVENTS
FASTEST GAME OF YEAR
FIELD WET AND SLOPPY
3IANY SHORTENDS LAND
Champion Scottish Team De
feated by Independents in
Final Round for Trophy
San Francisco Achieves a
Victory in First Game, but
Visitors Turn the Tables
LIBEKATOR UNLUCKY
G. Lacy Crawford's Lord Bra
zen Defeats Free Born
at Union Coursing Park
)ick Welles Is Choice in
the Winter Books for
World's . Fair Handicap
Leads All the Eiflemen in
the Germania Schuetzen
Club's Annual Competition
Defeats James Fitzgerald
Cleverly in a Match for
the WbrkFs Championship
Clover Blossom Surprises
Ingleside Park Talent.
Beating Reckless Acrobat
BETTING OPENS
ON BIG RACES
RIVAL TEAMS
WIN AND LOSE
EGAN PROVES
HANDBALL KING
HOUNDS RUN
IN THE RAIN
OUTSIDER WINS
FROM FAVORITE
THISTLES LOSE
THE CUP MATCH
MASON SHOWS
MARKED SKILL
SPORTS OF THE RACECOURSE, THE BASEBALL DIAMOND AND PRIZERING
THE : SAN FRANCISCO CALL", ; MONDAY. MARCH" 28, 1904.
8
ORDER F^OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK,
KaU THIS Ordtx to XH« San TtuoUeo Call Wit* 75e.
Xhe San Francisco Call, , ..«. >
N San Francisco, CaL? •
Inclosed herewith please find 75c. for which send me on*
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Coot Boole. (Fif.j
Cents is The Call's Premium rate tc all its six-month subscrib-
ers . to the daily and Sun day paper, and the additional 35c i j
to prepay shipping charg es.)
• SIGNEr. * '£
STREET « .......
city'......;. .,,_
STATE 9nmARRIVED.
• Sunday. March 27.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson. -22 hours from
Eureka. - ¦ - .
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen. 54 hours from
Victoria.
Rtmr Maggie. Corning, 3H hours from Half,
moan Bay.
Shippino: Intelligence.
DIx Will Sail To-Xisht.
The transport DIx will be. ready to call fc.r
Madia late to-night, that Is if the 230 mule*
intended for uze in the Philippines are aboard
by that time. They will b« brought to the
dock at 8 o'clock this morning and If they
b*nav« well win all be stalled by evening,
when the transport win at once go to sea.
Tfce Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao, from Mexican ports, which called
from Maxatlan on March 21. 'u expected to
arrive to- day.
Curacao Expected To-Day.
Alaskan. Due To-Day.
The American-Hawaiian Steamship Com
pany's Alaskan will be due to-day from New
Tork. \
United States Coast and Geodetic * Survey
Time and Height at High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San FTancuc »
Bay. Published by official authority of tb«
Superintendent. ¦ ¦
KOTE^ — The hish aad low waters occur at
Sun, Moon and Tide.
. Vbt nOowtac are the stasocal rainfalls to
Ci- , hi ccrstared with these of last season.
.¦-*- datf. and rainfall in la«t twenty-four
• L*st This Last
s-at:~r.fc— 24 hours, season, season.
>.-:~r— .i *....„• 47.5*5
JW B!\:Sr 1.10 27.12 22 n
B*cxmswsta .! o.oi u. 4« 11.72
?er, ¦Kj-asciecn 0-22 15.23 isicS
3 ircnv Tra« 5.S2 7.54
1 nd<?p-?rid»nce 0.00 2 *o "07
?J;3 Uis Otljpo ft. 00 l.t.lt 1514
I-os Arpe!e« ...i. ' 0.00 7.53 1323
'«¦¦ P*- J eo O.«iQ 3.73 ».94 I
'THE COAST RECORD. I
. J ?s Jaa? **- %
S) " v 9 a • 3 » '-*5. -¦ ¦ ¦ • • —
STATIO.V|, i %\%\=l I 3 - 1
**-*f*rl '..30.10 34 Z0 FE FnTw^ 06 j
-Freajio ...... °.Z>j.vi m 54 x E ' RaVn TV*
FU««t*tt .....>0.02 a 28 SW Ooudy
Poc*i*Ho .....50.20 SS. 2* K Know Tr '
Iniejeiiasnce .3&.0S ro 44 8 Pt CMr i
Lcs; Ar.s- Xs . JRT.C2 '74 12 ; w Clear f " ' <
-Mt Tam*lpy^.23.S» 4» IX 8 Rain ii I
rhocdx ......2S.94 M SO W Pt Cldv I
Portland 2».M 44 4O PE Clo\i^y 'm
P.ed -Bluff..... 30.06 48 4O W RaiV lift!
Siowbunt .:..=9.«i4 54 40 NE Cloudy 4«
Pwcrmmenu) . .."^.02 56 4<l NW v^in 'm
Sr.lt Lake W.20 44 30 Xff cloudy f*
t^-a Franclsca.30.04 CO 4S SE Puiia '¦£ '
Kan L.. Obispo.30.I0 CS 44 NE Clear *~"
Sun Zitt-so . . . .23 .9H 74 54 NW Clear
.-•attie 23. »2 SO 42 NE Rain ' "oi !
Spokane S0.C8 42 22 EE Cloudy
Tatooeb -.29. KO 44 42 E Rain 2t»
WHOM WaIla..30.04 44 2H SW Cloudy Tr
'Vincemucc* .30.04 4« 30 N Cloudy 16
Vuma ..23.92 !)0 M E qrar .'..
WEATTIER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. FORECAST.
Anotber rlcrsi ha* appeared off the Wash-
Innon ccaet end Is moving rapidly inland"
Cloudy weather prevaUs from the Tehachapi
northward, ard rain his. fallen from Tn*no
ncrth, Tii^h snow in Idaho aad Ea«t*rn Ore-
Kvn. The rainfall his b«-en heavy in the upper
Pacrtirerto Valley, and th« rivers will rise
again Monday.
The following high winds are reported:
Tatoofh Itlasd. €S miles per hour, from the
»•*«, and North Head. 38 eart.
ttorm warnings are displayed from Ban
P 1 — 0 to Eureka,
>n:p«>rature has risprf over California
ind Ltan. *
st rra-> at gan Francisco for thirtv
ding midnlrht. March 2S: "*"«^
rn Califpinta— Rain Monday; brisk to
•i«* southerly wind.
Southern California— Rain in ncrth portion.
in soath portion Monday; light southerly
wir*&.
Nrvcila — Raia or enow Monday.
Fan Francigeo aed vicinity— Rain Monday
trrfh to brtfk southerly wind.
O. H. WILL6ON. Local Foretaurtff.
The following vessels are quoted on the re
insurance list:
Englethorne. 199 days from Philadelphia,
10 per cent, t '
Lamorna 30 days from Tacoma to Queens
town. C5 per cent.
ZwiJger, ie2 days from Havre to Laguna.
90 per cent.
Gaetana Casabona. 143 days from New York
to Sydney. 10 per ctn*-
Overducs.
J. W. See either fell or jumped into the bay
yesterday morning at the foofof Powell street.
When he was fished out and "taken to the
Harbor Emergency Hospital he said he had
w-*-n the hand of a little child floating on the
Water, and «o Jumped In to save the child's
life As he was very much under the Influ
ence of north end whisky at the time there
is no telling what he thought he saw. He be
came externally and internally dry under the
care of the Emergency corps, and it was
expected he would be able to go In further
peregrinations by nightfall.
Cliild's Hand Beckons See.
The Echooncr King Cyrus arrived in port
yeetertiay. 11 days from Tacoma. Captain
Johnson reports that he arrived off the bar
last Thursday morning and tried to croes In,
but was driven away by the heavy gales.
Friday he aeain tried to cross in. but was
driven out to sea, and Saturday he found
bimself farther away than «ver. so yesterday
he w- compelled to signal for a tug, and was
towed into port late In the afternoon.
Driven Away by Gales.
J SAN PEDRO — Arrived March 27— Stmr Cen
tralla. from Redondo: bktn John Smith, from
Everett; stmr Melville Dollar, from 1 Seattle:
schr Fannie Dutard, from Grays Harbor
VENTUP. A— Arrived March 27— Stmr Whit
tier 'from Redondo. . : ,
TATOOSH— Passed . out March 27— Stmr
Mlneola, for San Francisco; schr Alpen*.' for
Sydney. % . ' .
PORT -TOWNS END — Arrived March 27 —
Schr A M Baxter, from Redondo.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 27— Schr
Premier, hence March 16. .: ;:;
Sailed March 27— Br stmr Tottenham, for
China. .: ¦ , , . .
COOS BAY— Arrived March 27— Stmr Al
liance, from Astoria.
; ASTORIA — Sailed March 27 — Fr bark Ver
cltagetortx. for Queenstown.
Arrived March 27 — Stmr Rosecrans, hence
March 24.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed March 27— Stmr Alas
kan. for San Francisco; «chr Ottlllie Fjord.
i for Topolobampo; schr , Beulah. for Umpqua
River. . -.- ¦ ¦
it ABERDEEN — Arrived March 27— Stmr Coro
oado. hence March 23.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed March 2T— Bktn W H
Dtmond, for . San ; Francisco.
. EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 2»— Stmr Ne
braskan, hence Jan 23. ¦ . ', " .
FOREIGN PORTS..
VICTORIA— Arrived ' . March 27— Br stmr
Moana. from Sydney.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived March 27— Stmr Bo
vie. from New York:, stmr. Umbria. from New
York -for Queenstown. . - .
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed March 26 — Stmr
Lucanla, from Liverpool, for New York. •
- NEW ¦ YORK— Arrived , March 27 — Stnir
Etrur'i. from Liverpool and Queenstown: atmr
llol'jt • from ; Hamburg. Southampton and
Che»^ rg :' stmr St Lools. from Southampton
and cierbourg; , stmr Patrta. from Mar?eill*>s
and .Naples; .stmr Cltta dt Milano. from
Genoa, and ' Naples; stmr Mlnnetonka, from
1-ondon.
: POINT LOBOS. March 27. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind southeast; velocity 2* miles per
hous.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson. SO hours from Cooa
Bay. via Port Orford 68 hours.
Bark Roderick Dhu, Engalls IS days from
Hilo.
Schr King Cyrus. I Johnson, 11 days from,
Tacoma.
Schr Fannie Adele. Felcher. 15 days from
Grays Harbor.. -
SAILED.
Sunday, March 27.
Stmr Maggie. Corning. Halfmoon Bay
Stmr Geo Loomis. Badger. Seattle.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Schr W F i Wltzemann. Peterson, Columbia
River.
Schr Lizz'e Vance. Jensen. Grays Harbor.
Schr E K "Wood, Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Lily. Bottger, Umpqua.
Schr Cbas Hansen. Dannevig, Nanaimo and
whaling voyage.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN.
March 27. 12 p m — Brig Geneva.
TELEGRAPHIC. ' .
tISOth Meridian — Pacific Time.>
PAN. FRANCISCO, March 27—5 p. m
W eat her Report.
John Odland was found unconscioufe
'at his home, 328*4 .Tenth street, early
yesterday morning nearly dead from
asphyxiation. He accidentally turned
the gas on after shutting off the light
and fell asleep. He was treated at the
Emergency Hospital and will live.
Narrowly Escapes Asphyxiation.
The schooner Fanny Adele arrived in port
yesterday. 15 days from Grays Habor. after
the most tempestuous voyage she has ever ex
perienced. Captain Felsher reports that en
March 19. In latitude 43.43 north, longitude
160.40 weat. she ran Into a southeast gale,
accompanied by heavy seas, which nearly
threw her on her beam ends. During the
ett»n» B« rudder- head wa« twisted off. and
from 2 p. m. until 7 p. m. she was unman
ageable and "at the ¦ mercy of the tremendous
seas that wen running at that time. Six thou
sand feet of her deckload of lumber was swept
overboard, ajid she lost her mooring lines and
fenders. ,- \J',
Rndder Head Twisted.
Steamer. From. I Due.
O. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor iMar. 2S
Eureka Humboldt : . Mar. 2S
Mlneola Tacoma Mar. 2S
Curacao...... Mexican Ports Mar. 28
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 2*
Alaskan New York Mar. 2S
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Mar. 23
Mackinaw Tacoma Mar. 2U
Elizabeth Coquille River ........ Mar. 29
Santa Cruz... San Pedro tc Way Pts. Mar. 29
Alameda Honolulu Mar. 29
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Mar. 30
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Mar 30
Spokane Humboldt Mar. 30
Centralla : San Pedro Mar. 30
Newport j New T»rk via Panama. Mar. 31
Sanunoea...; San Diego & Way Pta. Mar. 81
Wyefi>Id •; N'analmo Apr 1
UmatlUa I Puget Sopnd Ports Apr. 1
2 onu * Newport & Way Ports. Apr. 2
Coronado.... Grays Harbor Apr 2
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 3
Oregon....... Portland & Astoria ADr 4
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. Apr. 4
Breakwater. ..' N>w Orleans Apr. 5
Mongolia (Norfolk Apr 5
£ eMtor Puget Sound Ports.... Apr! 6
City of Para. New York via Panama. Apr. 6
Korea China tk Japan Apr. 7
. TO SAIL. — — —
Steamer. Destination. . Sails. Pier.
¦!i . March 28.
Newburg... Cray8 Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
Enterprise. . HIlo 5 pm Pier 10
Ore S°° Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2»
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
1 March 29. . j
K* 11 """ Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata Coos Bay direct... 4 pm Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt l:3UpPier 9
Nevadan.... Hono. & Kahulul. 3 pm Pier 23
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
March 30.
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
O. Lindauer Grays Harbor Pier
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
•March 31.
Elizabeth.. Coqutlle River Pier 20
City Puebla puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier t»
State of Cal g an Diego & Way. 8, am Pier 11
April 1.
Spokane Humboldt l:30pPler 9
S. Crux San Pedro & Way. B am Pier 11
April 3.
Alameda Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Coptic China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
City Sydney >;. Y. via Panama. 12 mJPier 40
O. W. Elder AstorK * Portland 11 am Pier 24
April 5.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pier 8
Coronado... Grays Harbor A pm Pier 10
April 7.
Curacao.... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
- April 9.
Newport j N. Y. via Panama 12 mJPier 40
—————————— _
•Steamer. For. Sails..
Cottage City.. Skagway tc Way Ports. Mar. 28
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 29
Excelsior..... Valdex & Way . Ports. . Apr. 1
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 2
Doifhln...... Skagway 4: Way Ports. Apr. 4
J. Dollar Valdez -* . Seward.. ... Apr.. 9
Dirlgo Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 10
Bertha.. Valdez & Way Ports.. [Apr. 10
HAVANA. March 27.— Telegrams
Crorri Santiago de Cuba report that all
the members of the pro\-isional elec
toral board of scrutiny have been ar
rested on t"he charge of falsifying the
results of elections for Congressmen.
Corruption in Cuban Politic*.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Joseph Stanley, a plumber, and C.
Allinger, a motorman, engaged in an
altercation yesterday morning- at the
junction of Devisadero and O'Farrell
streets. The result was that the car
man was cut on the arm with a small
penknife. Stanley was arrested and
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon and disturbing the peace. He
was liberated after furnishing $105 bail;
Plumber and Motorman Fight.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point : the heljht
of tide is the tame at both places.
MONDAY. MARCH 2S. .
Sun rises ;' *. . . .6:01
Sun sets 6:2S
Moon sets 3:58 a. m.
C ITime (Time Time ITlme!
* I Ft. FL Ft. | 1 Ft
ML W IH \V| |L W IH W(
2S 2:34 2.O| S:45 5.41 3:C2| 0.21 9:5O S.3
2» 3.27 1.5! »:4."» 5.5| 3:54 0.3110:30 5.5
80 4:17 1.0!10:41 5.61 4:39| 0.6'll:06 5.7
31 5:06 0.5!ll:35 5.51 5:20| O.8|ll:46 5.7
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
th* early mornlnj: tides are given In the -left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; th«
fourth time column elves the last tide of the
«!ay. except when there are but three tides, as
eometiinev occurs. The heights given are In
addition to th* soundings or the United States
Coast ;5urvey charts, except when a minus < — )
fign precedes the height, and then the number
Sivtn is subtracted from the depth grlven by
the chart*. The plane of reference is the mean
of th« lower low waters.
ATHENS, March 27.— Rev. John L.
Potts of Toronto preached on the Hill
at ifars € tp-day to the delegates to the
Woriffa Sunday. School convention. The
li-inist'crs and delegates repeated St.
Paul's address to the Athenians.
/ .'I the members of the party trsm the
United States are well and will pro
ceed to Jerusalem, where the meeting
of the convention will be held.
J>f legates of World's Sunday School
Convention Hold Interesting /
*serviee at Athens.
4IVISTKR PREACHES
ON THE HILL* OF MARS
$10,000 reward will be paid to any person
¦who has ever presented one of our prizes at
our office and was refused payment. •
All prizes of this company are paid in full
immediately on 'presentation at the office of
the company in San Francisco.
TO THE PUBLIC! BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS! All genuine ticket* of this com
pany have initials "R. O. Co." on faces and
monogram "R. G. C." on backs thereof.
- Following are the capital prizes as decided
by the B«neficencla Publica Company, Thurs
day. March 24. 1904: No 20415 wins S75CO,
sold In Reddinsr CaJ.-': j No. 21501 wins $2500.
sold In Bakersfleld. Cal.; No. 7S897 wins JI25O.
eoid in Coirax. Cal.; Nos. &0 1995«, 40791.
60253 79154 each win $125. sold in Vallejo and
San Francisco. The R. G. Company paid to
P. Carfasni. ' 826 Montgomery st.. San Frar.
clsco. S7nC0 for whole ticket No. 2S512. draw-
Ing February 25. KXM; to Wells. Fargro &
Co.'s Express for client In Willlts. Cal., $1",»
for whole ticket No. 87S6. same date.
The Beneflcencia (R. G.) Company
OF SAN FRANCISCO. ORGANIZED. MAY.
1900.
SCHOONER KING CYRUS. WHICH
HAS BEEN TRYING TO MAKE
PORT SINCE THURSDAY.
Uu>irn?ss on the Exchange for Weelc
Very Small, bat Quite En-
CDurajrin».
LON'DON. March 27.— While business
i. the Stock Exchange during the past
¦ veek was of -.the smallest, the general
.one Cpotixmed to show a slow improve
ment Cheap money favored a revival
¦ f bu:. ir.g for investment, but such buy
ing v:as ca u small scale. Japanese
ar.d Russian securities remained firm.
K'ucHiatiorJs irregular and
tc-wa > -4 ihe end of the week matters
quieted do.wn. • The greatest activity
v.'is displayed in Union Pacific and
5$etb£tti • Pacifies. Canadians also
lu^tuated considerably in sympathy
.vita Americans. :
IMPROVEMENT SHOWN
IN LONDON STOCKS
The fate of the British ship Lamorna
j would seem to be sealed by the state
i ments in the following telegram re
j ceived at the Merchants' Exchange
I yesterday from Victoria, B. C:
"VICTORIA. March 27.— Two boats
found on Leslie Point, marked La
morca-Greenock. One of them is bro- |
ken five feet from the bow, the rest
missing. Also, two large flags, life i
belts, bedding, spars and blocks, the
long oars, all the decking and upper
i works broken in small pieces. Noth
| ing larger than five feet found." :
From this report, together with oth- j
: era of a similar but less positive nat- j
¦ ure, it looks as if ship, officers and j
; crew have been victims of the terrible
I storms that have recently swept the
I northern coast. Early last week, when
j news came that papers belonging to a
f ship's mate, oars and the arm and flg
\ urehead which compared with the flg- j
i urehead of the Lamorna had been '
j found, she was immediately placed on
i the reinsurance list at 40 per cent. The
' next day news from Vancouver
j Island that early In *March Indians
j were reported to have seen a ship in
¦ distress, which caused the rate to !
jumr- up to 65 per cent. The next day
! it fell back to 50 per cent and Saturday
! it again jumped up to 65 per cent. The
¦ news of yesterday. • will undoubtedly
! run it up to &0 per cent to-day. ;
The Lamorna sailed from Tacoma on j
J February 27 and passed out to sea
> March 1. She was in command of Cap
! tain Creighton. •
Both ship and captain were well
I known in this port. She was an iron
I ship, built at Glasgow in 1S93 by Bar
j clay. Curie & Co.. and was of 2169 tons
; register. Her cargo consisted of 27,820
j centals of wheat, valued at $34,775, and
I 56.133 centals of barley, valued at $63,
j 284. She was loaded by Kerr, Gifford &
; Co., grain merchants of Portland, Ore.
i The cargo is insured for $105,000.
At the regular session of the St. Pat
rick's day convention in Knights of
the Red Branch Hall yesterday after
noon the death of Daniel Sheerin, a
prominent official of the celebration
committee of the United Irish Socie
ties of this city, was announced.
The convention instructed the com
mittee on resolutions to frame a suita
ble memorial of its esteem as a tribute
to the deceased, as well as to the mem
ory of the late Captain M. J. Wrin, a
member of the Ancient Order of Hi
bernians of California.
3Iembers of St. Patrick's Day Cele
bration Committee Are Informed
' of Death of Associates.
CONVENTION ORDERS
MEMORIALS FOR DEAD
BERLIN. March 27.— In view of the
*keptirisr, shown, concerning the story
;h't 'Lit engagement of Crown Prince
Frederick William and Princess Alex
ar.dra'of Brunswick and Luneburg, the
I >ul ? of Cx. second daughter,
"as :;ndei negotiation when Emperor
.William Msited- Copenhagen last year,
•and which wastihen denied, the Bruns
,\v: k Landes Zeitung names person,
ptjeaes and occasions and quotes re
rr..!rki of the Emperor in connection
•«.\h-The matter. The paper declares
that the Hrnperor has consented to the
» : -agemer.t and even desired that an
•;:>r.ouncen;ent of it .be published.
lxmbt Removed Regarding Negotia
tions for the Croirn Prince's En
g»srement l.a-i Year.
KAISER %VAS WILLING.
DECLARES A '-NEWSPAPER
SANTA ROSA, March 27. — A storjn
which lasted only a short time, but
which was almost unprecedented in its
fury, broke over this city and vicinity
early this afternoon. There was an in
cessant downpour during the morning
and it has continued to rain unceasing
ly since. Almost half an inch of rain fell
during the short time the storm spent
its fury, bringing the record for the
season to more than 42 inches. With
less than half a dozen exceptions, this
is the largest record of rainfall in Son
oma County within half a century. It
is more than probable that a number
of landslides will be reported as the
result of to-day's storm.
The California Northwestern Rail
road has suffered greater, inconven
ience this year in keeping its road open
to traffic than for ten years past com
bined. The county roads in many
places have also been blockaded by nu
merous small landslides and altogether
the present season is one of the worst
¦within the memory of the oldest inhab
itant. It is rapidly passing the time
when crops can be planted to insure
good yields and the long-continued
rains have prevented this being done
previously this season. The grounds
in the lowlands are so thoroughly
soaked it is improbable that even with
the sunshine the next couple of weeks
replacing the rains the ground coufd be
gotten into condition for crops this
year. Some residents' of the county
will have to depend on volunteer crops,
but these are usually sufficient for all
needs.
Th" record this season is about 15
Inches of rain more than at a corres
ponding date last season.
. SrjTial DSrpetch to The Call.
•PAN DIEGO. March 27.— The decis
ron of the Supreme Court has been re
f:vp<3 in the case of S. L. Ward
aFairm Archie F. Crowell. reversing
ih« derision of the Superior Court and
f riding for the defendant. The action
\t th^ election contest for the office of
County Surrej-or. ©
Crowell was th<» nominee of the Re
publicans and was elected by one of
the largest irsaj rities jrtven any candi
date at the election nearly two years
apo. The defeated Den:^crat <Sd not
conteff. but Ward, the Cot2:tyx.Sur
vpyor. whom Crowell had been ejeeted
to su<£«ed atid vihorrr he had beaten
f"- Vhe nomination in the Republican
<"~vention, began a contest on the
-ound th';t Crowell did not tave the
ecessary qualifications at the time of
t.s domination. There is a provision
¦ f the law which makes it necessary
i>"- » county surveyor to hold a license
at- a civil engineer. Crowell was en
titled to such a. certificate but did not
ipp'y.for it u*-til after his nomination.
Attorneys for *he contestant claimed
that un^?r the law the nominee for an
office rr.uj=' have the qualifications to
fill It at tne time he becomes a candi
<J? te. .. «
It Is Not' Probable That
Even With Fair Weather
Full Yield Can Be Obtained
Suit Started by Former In-.
'Mimbent on Ground That
SuccessorWasNotQualified
APPEAL FROM SAX DIEGO
CHOPS MAY BE INJURED
Eecent Eainfall in Sonoma
County Is the Heaviest
Known in Fifty Years
State Tribunal Decides That
County Surveyor - Elect
dwell Shall Have Seat
. (Clase "C")
City of Mexico, March 24, 1904.
No. Prise.! No. Tttze.! No. Prire.
36 . 401 133..... 20! 233 500
330 1000 384 40) 520 40
668 20 747 20[ 994 40
100«. • 40 1C85 40; 1161...V. 20
1351 20 1439..... 20 1487 40
1830 20 1709 20 1718 20
1S12 40 1040 20 2050 100
2225. 100 2300 40 2345 . 40
2S69 1C0 24S6 20 2510 40
2371 40 2501..... 20 2753 20
30C3 200 3097 200 3138 4O
3231 20j 3374 40 34*> 20
.3514 20 3326..... 100 3586 20
3718 40 3S37 40 39«0 40
4172 40 4295..... 20 4305 40
4343 20 4388 20| 4400 20
4343 40 4300 20t 4fi«l 20
4670 40 4705..... 20 5073 20
5175..... 20 0228..... 1001 5312 20O
[ 5310 20 5576 20 55S6 2O
' 5607 20 5«47 40 5654 20
, 56«i7 40 5676 20 5770 40
579S 40 5S31 40 5873 40
! 5SS1 20 55S3 • 40 5931 40
I B114 40 €210 40 6341 20
! «372 100j 6506..... 2C0i 6690 20
i C683 1001 6717..... 20 6732 • 20
! 7045 20j 7071 20> 7080.^... 20
! 73S2 • 20 7384 100! 7442 10O
! 7S13 20 V801 40t'7S9S 29
; S100 20 8163 500 S3 13 20
• 846-t 40 S626..... 40 8717 20
: 87C9 2C| S792 40| SS21 20
; SS42:..-.. 20i 8370 * 40i D051". : 20
: OC72..... 20 0221 20. »3S4 20
! W36. 2»> 9447..... 20 0459 40
• 94fS 40) 853« 1001 9574 40
¦ «5»1 20 U«i55 2>)i 9«76 .... 20
88J9 2©| 09*5 20;10ill 40
10113 20; 10130 20U03S4 ICO
i 10430 20|104M 20!l0ti43..... 40
. 1W»3 2C1CS59 20i •
i l 1 -'^* 2011073 40)11100 . 40
S H2M 20 114*7 40J11S1* V 40
'11^31 100(11934 200112000 20
12173 1'M|I22S1 20|12353 20
12405...... 40I124S3 20(12543 20
12«>7..... i'0112^0 2O[127C9 100
,1"S12 40:12905 2OI1317S 20
,.13156 200113232 . 20 13231 20
¦13-149 100(13453 20 1350S -20
136T5 20I13C53 20 136CO 20
l.SCSS. ./. . . 40|13756 20 13S18 4O
130«S 20)14053—-.:. 20 14075 . 20
14007..... 20 14T1S 20 14367 40
14372 40 14533 20 14555 20
14619 2C|14904 20 15U6 20
152ft 1 .) 40115412 20115544 20
15556 20 1578tJ 20.15S26 ¦ 40
leOSl; 20I16OD2 20|1616« 40
16212 20i 16260..:.. 20i 1(B61 ...".. 40
164?2 4C 165-S1 100il«575 200
16S0« 200ie!»CS 40;17153 500
1732S 20 17365. 100!17396 20
17472 20 18033 20ilS195 100
18 tl4. 20115515..... 100|1S325....: 20
1**43 201LSSC6 40jlS-«ll 100
: ISflfil 2O'l«>25 2OH9061 20
101 IS 2OJ1033fi 20118437 20
r 1»493 50011953R 10O)19«i28 20
1 1S>«?2 40119633 40il&€86 10O
; 19S72 20O|19022 40110956 10CO
• 20029..:.. 20 201OS 20120145 60000
20153 20J20230 20!203St 20
200-50 r 2<ili(fi2S 100 I 20S46 20
20S4S '40|20-3.59 20:21174 500
i 212S7 40!21303 40 ! 21350 20
! 21.-K)5 10*21403 100J21441 10O
| 21470 40!21fi07 20:21708 20
J 21SH 20J21S33 20j21SOT.^ 40
J 21915 20I22083 * 40(22215. 40
22.*>21 20!22fi01 2f»t22fiS7 20
22702 20122815 40122*45 1C0
I 22S03 2022081 20123355 20
| 23432 40'23510 " 1CO|23582 20
; 23«U0 - 20i23S34 4O:2nft11 20
| 24ZS7 2<>;24440 10O»4501 2000O
, 24*9S 20124934 40125050 ICO
! 23293 20125342 40I2S350 10O
: 2556.S 4OI25«.->» 20!237«3 4O
25VS7 4C;2fi036 40126130..... 40
j' 26212 40126412 40:2C5fl3 20
2672ft SCO'26776 201267?" 20
26S57 40!26SS5 40^88SS 40
27007 1WM27C71 100I27172 20
J27192 ?Oi2720S 4OI27329 20
1 27403 20:27408 40)27461 100
i 2733S 2C0I |
[27805..... 40127623..... 40r27R33 20
127943 40127P93 '20;2S112 40
j 28397 ' 200I2S752 4012S7C6 20
|2S»13 1C0I2S9O9 40'20015 20
20040 100129127 4020115 200
I 292D2 1C0 29-041 20;2f«S5 40
29444 ' 20:2930S 20129530 40
I 295.S2 2CI2f>59»i 2O!29634 40
29730 20.29849 10OI29S7S 20
30«*3 20i.V>211 40:3032S..... 4O
30354..... 40[3C406 2f'O. 1 3O4'!6 20
'aCTiCS 20'305S3..... 20'30fi06 40
30715 '201307SS 20!30S44.. ... 20
l30f»05 . 4Oi.tllM> -t0i31203..... 40
! 3124S 100131291 40131365 ICO
f 31411.' 40,31441..... 4OiS1442. . . . . ?0
• 31479 10O(315«7 20131639 20
•31742 . 40131 77S 10O!317£2 100
I 31S81 20!31»09 20:31057 40
!31971 20!32149 40132235 20
32315..... 40132352 20(32435 20
324SS 20*32537 40(32547 1C0
!S262S 100132703 201331S8 20
•33166 40!33199. 2O:32222 , 40
133256..... 40!3.*»99 20133423 40
133428 100133440 20:336*57 20
33751 401^3501 20114034 100
i 34323 40(34346 20134395 ICO
' 34480 40)34497 40134720 1C0;
I 34S02 SO'.WH 40!34994 20!
lasoes 2C0I35104 20;3513G 20
I 3315® 20135212..... 40!"5349 40
'35487 201T3571 40 35771 40
i 35847 20(33916 20136225 20!
3«242 20136208 20i3C393 20
3C55«..... 20!"ti719 20136732 ' ICO :
36742 40I3CS01 - 40-. - '.fi819 40 j
S7H9 20!37372v.... 40,37532. .... 20
37559 201376S0 40:37e«) 20 j
13770S 2C37837 40U17933 20
! 37951 40!379« 40J37997 40
i SS016 20I3S123 20138133 20
I 3S27S 2O13S337 2CI3S572 20
138575 4013S6C4 1C0I3S642 40
3S794 • 20S3S977 20;39016 . 20
30O4!) 203907? 40S5013S . . • - . 10«J
39i;4 20130350 20:30404..... 200
!29415 40(30513 40139610 40
I30S78 1CO[39SS4 40;39922 20
40016 40140116 40-40360 20O
I 40386 10OJ4O446 40 404SO 20
I 40767 2Of4O791 1000 40S20 2O
140012 10OI41023 20 41034 4O
I 41001 2O!4118O. 20411S4 100
41391 2O'414<57 20 41537 500
41581 2041617..... 2041653 40
41657 4041732..... 100 41S49 20
I419S7 20 42001 20 42160*..... 200
4«3M 2042323 200 42515...;. 40
42530 40 4262S 40 42642 100
4"793 .... 20 42*25..... 40 42S32 4(J
4*>S57 40142904 40 43063..... 2OO
43199!!!.. 20 43313..... 20 43391..... 2f»
43405..... 20 43623 40 43S46 40
43089 100J44090 100 4.4130 20
44162 2O14421O..... 20144297 20
44507..... 2044764..... 40447SS..... 40 i
44^5 2043094 40*45214 2O
432T.4 .. 100 45258 100*45348..... 40
43437" ... 20 45463 2OI45518 40
43934 ... 20U5942 20146042 4O
46170.... 40*46297 100146413..... 2O ;
4rt4V..... 20«»B 40 4GS71..... 20;
40g!M 20 4G342 40 46946 20
47031..... 20 47035...:. 2047076 100 ,
47131 2047243..... 20 47245 20
Jiioi 2047419 2CO47469 4O !
l^l 20 47637 a> ! 476n7 40 j
47713"!... 40 47756 4047924..... 4rt '
47905 . 20J4SO06 ." 20)48115 • 2O
4S19"" ... 2OI48239 40 4S4O5 jf>
48877;! X 40HS743.:... 20148847 Z<0
48S5" .... 2O4S916..... 1CO'4893S..... 20 !
49041 .; 40'49055 100 49135 20;
4920*!.... 20'49329 20 4947S 20,
49509 20)49772 40499.S4 2O
¦WiCr; ... 40'50205 2030260 . 10O
5«?5S" .. 40 50468 20150534 .".-... M>
50710.... '40 50838....... 40150804 4O
SOWS ... 40 J 50938 40150047 20
50954'.... 20I50059 20|51141 '40
51^03].... 40151210.... '. 40f
51260..... 20'1l312 40J51344 20
P1373 ... 2C,al437. 20|51630. .... 40
C1C37 .... 40131643..... 20!5ie«7. 20 1
51S50!!... 20131S72. 20 31907..... 20!
5"0M 40152133..... 200 52446 40
52«77 ... 20 52721 100!52»65 2t>0
5*9S0!.... 20 52997 2015314S 40
531S" .... 20)33410..... 40153480 100:
53630 20153642. 100:53709 100 ;
53712..... 20 33851 100 53899 40
XZOXl..... 40153962..... 20O 54008..... 100
54015 2O!542ffJ 100(34303..... '40
54305 20154.127 40154410 -40
04754..... 20i54771..... 20I54S03 20
54S13 10054814 40J548SO 20
54995 20 35035 20 53035 20
55155..... 20 55215 -40J33232 100
5.-^07 . 20155538 20155940..... 20
SCOTS 40I56219 20l56450. . . . . 20
5«5»8 !..-.; 2056603 20156652. 20
-S6601 100'56S49. 40157044 20
570«3 . 40(57128 2OI57256 40
57310..... 2037392..... 20157630..... 20
57649..... 4057814..:.'. 20!37004 20
5S012..... 40I5S070. . . . . 20!5S0«7»....- 20
6.S152 20158274..... 20J5S2S5 ICO
SS3C0 2CJ58329 40 5S339 20
5S342..... 4015S427 40138441. 40
58475..... 20158499..... 40;6?511 20
5K.126 . 10O|58«l9. . . . . 20 5S658 ,'20
58751..... 205X799 2058871..... 20
58966.. -2050041..... 40'50l01..... - 20
T9102..... 100!3914l..... 40159146..... 40
58246..... 20159305..... -20159392..... 20
R9490..... -20I50522..... 2Of5»«14 . . . . . 20
59694..... 100:58741....-.- •¦20130825.....' 100
KK*« 20'5«)36. . . . . 20; 01221..... 40
CC270..... - 20160204..... 20160442..... 20
6O4S1..... 40J6C570..... .lOOJflOfli'iS....-.' 20
60641. 40 60730 . 4O'i}C7SD....; "'. ,20
60851..... 10O 1 .-.lllHni
«1C21..... 20611S8..... •20161225..... 40
«ir.(i'i..... 2<>i6171S..... , 2O!61?93..... 2O
61943..... 2O!«2n«4 . . . . . 100^62323 20
62546..... 5O0JB2678..... 20 62S46 20
162821..... 20I62032..... 2o;«B0S7.. ... 2ij
(W/60....: 20632S5..... 20 G3653 20
I63701..... 40:63790. .... 20:64114..... . 20
-6411S..... 2Ol«417O. .... ;"- 100;6433ft 2i>
"4O!«4573...-. . 40164829 : ,20
64«V4 4064922..... 4O.65O49..... 2rt
«5i"21 .".". . . ' 2O'«52S1 20; «531« 40
654^0...... 2iV«60S5. 100'6«195.. ... 20
I«fc2ua..... 40166231..... '-20016C42. '..;-. - 20
Reports From Victoria State That Boats Bearing
Name of Ill-Fated Vessel, Together With Other
Wreckage, Have Been Picked Up at Leslie Point
LATE STORMS
EQUAL RECORD
WARD REVERSED
IN HIGH COURT
SHIP LAMORNA PROBABLY
AT BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN
NUMBERS
- OF THE—
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
The subscribers bavin* supervised the
above drawing of the lottery of the Beneflcen
cia"- Publica. hereby certify that the abov<»
is an. exact coDy of the numbers which were
this day drawn from the 80.000 placed in ths
v^heel with the prii'9 corresponding to them.
¦Witness oer hands at the City of Mexico.
this March 24, 1904.
if isr-ed) JOE DE LA VEGA.
• Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI. Manager.
- - • JXJAX B. CASTELLO. Intervenor.
790 numbers ending with 45. beinr the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of ?60.000. ?20.
790 numbers endine with 01. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
Prize of $20,000. ?20.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
10O numb*™ from 2O.095 to 2O.195. inclusive.
be!ng flfty numbers on each side of the num
ber drawing the capita! prize «»f W».0OO. J«0.
100 numbers from 24.4M to 24,551. inclusive,
being- fifty number* on each side of the number
drawing the capital prise of $20,000. $40.
10O numbers from 7S.947 to 79,047. Inclusive,
being flfty numbers on each side of the number
drawir- the capital prise of 51O.00O, J20.
APPROXIMATION- PRIZES.
[No. Prtre.lNo. Frlze.lNo. Prtae.
66365 20;«6457. 2CJ68«34 10O
jee«01. 100,66724 406«74«. 4O
66754 . 40I96S88 '. 40| 88374..... .40
6695T 2OIS7O53 4r>,«7349 40 .
674M. '20187421...... 20,67435..... 20
67840 . 40j67657.:... 20167737..... 20
67799 4057917 20;«*02S -"0
6S106..... 20 8824S 20 &S739 20 {
6S.S17 SO'eSllB 20)69123 40
60133 29:69173 40.69215 2O !
60253..... 1000;692V* ' 40:80357 2i> !
69619 20;696«0 2Oi«>721 20 j
70100 - 40I7C212 4O'|TC2S1 20
70330 .600 70332..... 20i70351 20
70476 20:70542 20170559 20
70577 40'70607 2O7C*S1..... 4<>
70*32 40J70S35..... 20 70*85 20
70073 20(71038 2O171O87 2O '
7111O 20 71119 40'71203 2O
71431 ICO 71445 40171577 2O
71604..... 20|71714 20|717?6 40 J
71S31 2ni71S77 2O;7U»7 2O
72033..... 4O;7S160 40;72301 20
72f>S3 . 401 C'V'l „
73112 20;734C5 40173459 20
i 733S5 » 20173694 20737*4 2O .
i73910 2074212 2CI743A7 M» i
1 74R11 40)74919..... 1OO5751O1 20'
75119 1CQ!7513O.,... 200i 75371 40,
75396 40J75557 20:75580 100;
175645 2o!»56S2 100175786 20 t
75780 20i75S00 2Oj75*41 20
i 75S71 20:73901... -.. 100176201 20;
I 7tW!2<5 20176843;.-. ;. SOfresefl. . . . . 100 :
j 76969 20:77003..... 2O»7713<> 4O •
'771*4 20J772U2 20:772-15 20,
77327 40 1 77331 20177471. 40 j
77517 20-77531 40177772 SO
¦77900 ' 2O5779C5 20'7SC4<> 20
7S121 4O!7814« 20i7Sl«2 20 j
784«9 lC0:"St»5 4017*728. 20 1
78735 40I7SME1 2O|7«S->» 2O !
7S007 1000O'7JK!3S 40I79UU 10CO
7tr^43 20I7M71 2C17KW7 IPO
79412..... 4017949SJ lOPfTKEB 500!
73B17 20179737^ 40^79753 20!
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, MARCH 2S, 190$:
9
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
EXIRA0RD1NARY
fe 5^ fe5>
Of 40 FIRST-CLA?3 DRAFT HORSES and
MARES. LUMBER WAOON'S. HAR-
NESS, etc.
All of the rolling stock of the WeedUas
Lumber Co.. who are retiring from buslnes*.
I Or. Friday. April 1. at 11 a. rci., at the lumber
; yards of the above company. I will sell all of
the rolling stock. consiJtir.g of 4rt head v!
first-clas3 draft horses and mares, weighing:
from 13OO to 170U 1T»».. from 5 to 7 years olrt.
all good wewkers: 8 first-class lumber wagw.s.
• uprirg wigong. 4O »et» of harness. This stock-
; ts In ftr.-t-.-la-a condition. ha%'e only be»n in
use 1 year and the abov* company has sparel
I no money t<> get first-claas horses. RfmsmbT
; the date. Fridiy. April 1. at II a. m.. at th>
lumber j-ards, foot of Sixth *t. This stock
, can be aeen any time before day of . «al* at
: the «um(»r yarda. For further particular*
: call at tlie effle* cf JOHN J. DOYLE. Auc-
tioneer. 327 Sixth «.
Pale positive, without reserve.
AUCTION SALE of HORSES and MARE?.
! "WEDNESDAY, March 3O. at 11 a. m. AR-
CADE UORSE MARKET. 327 SrXTH ST.
JOHN J. DOYT-E. Auctioneer.
! .
j EAILWAY TRAVEL.
I I su»»srr \«9i Tralua 1^ttT«»ad »r«
|MbeaeNa>t*iAsrA I at. I
l"l aCUTts i .1 due to arrive at
yV^/y SAN *"kaxci3Co.
N^ gm . *J y (M*In Ltae. r^rry Depov
' *^A^ Foot of Market Street ,
I tva**» — Faoat ftitctn IT. mH — *»im"
I " 7.C0*. Vac»»!ile. WlaXen. liu:ii»ey 7 50"
j 7 JJJa Bealcia. Sul*un.Ela)!ra and 3»cra>
nentu 7-20f
7_S0* Vallejo. Xapx Ca'.latoci. Santa
. Ro»*. Manioc*. Sm Ramon 8 20^
7 3D* XIl«r*. Llrermore. Trsuir. Lathros.
Ssoekron 7.20^
SU>0a 6ha*t* £x?r-u— (Vto r>aT!s>.
Wtiuam* (for Bartleu Sprt=sf«>.
TVtllows. *Fruto. Ked mult.
Portland. Tacoma, Srattle 750?
140a Darts. Woodland. Knights Landing,
Mary*vlUe. OroitHe 7.50?
!40i Port Costa. Msrtiaes. Aatloctt. .
Byroa. Tracy. Stockton. Sew-
»mi Lo* i li tnoi. XL e a d o t «.
Armooa. HaafortL Vlaalta.
PorterTUIe 4.23*
8 J0a Port Co*ta. Marttne*. Tracy. Lata-
rop. iiodeato. Merced. Fresao. •
Gotten JoBCtioa. Haaf ord. V iij'
VUalia. Baier»fleU 4.5(»
1-50* KCe*. Saa Jote. I.tTermore. Scoek- ,
toa.(tMi:toa). lone. Sacramento,
Plaeerrt!l«. Mary*Tt:'.e. Chlc<v
Be* Bioff '. 4-20p
• .30* Oakd ale. Chinese. Jamestown. 3->-
aora, Tuotnmne anrt Aacela 4 23?
800« AUantlc Express— Ogiea tad £«•(. 11 20 *
9. 30* Blchmoad, Martlaez and VfAj
Station* 850?
1060* The Overland Limited — Ozdeo.
I Denver. Omaha. Chicago. S 20-
• 10.00a Va:iejo_ 12 23'
10.00a Lo* Anzeles Passenger — Port
Costa. Marttnex. Byron. Tracy.
Lacbrop. Stockton. Merced.
Bajmond. Freaao, Go«hea Jono-
don. Hanford. Lemoore. VUaUa.
Be«r«aeM. Loa Am->' 7 2C»
12 0C« Havward. Nliet and Way Sutioat . S-ZQr
tl-CCr Saerameato River Stearaera til. 00*
S SOr Bealda. 'Winters. Sacrastenrov
Woodland. Xals&ta L-»aii:ni.
MarvsTtnc. Orov!::« and way
•tatfon* 10-53*
5 3Cr Bayward. >."!!'» aad Way Stations.. 7 SO?
330r Port CosM. Martinez, itjroa.
tnej, Lat&rop. il n d e 1 1 a.
Merced. Fresao aad Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12-2Q?
S SOr Hartraes.Traer. Stockton. Lodl... 10-20a
4.C0r Martiaei.San Uamon.ValleJo.Xapa.
Callatoea, Santa ltuaa. ... 9 20a
4 COr Nnes. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt 423f
4.30f Bayward. Sllea. lrrtBcton. Saa I '3.50 »
Jo»e. Llrermore j :il.6Q»
ttQr Tbe Owl Limited— New as* a. L01
Banos. Mendota. Freteo. Talare.
BakenSeid. Los Acgoies.
Golden State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Loa Asx«>«. for cat-
cayo. »la C. Ii. I. Jt V ,.... »53»
SJOZr Port Coata. Tracy. Stocktna.. 12.20p
15 SOr HaywartU Slin aou San Jm« ..._ J2C\
S.OOr Hayward. Site* and S-.n Jom. 3 ii*
1 6 OQr £a*tera Express— Ogr^t. U'arsr.
> Omaha. St. Loals. aad
Kast. Port Costa, Bcaicla. Snt>
»an. Elntra, Darts. S*cratnent«k
Koeklia. A'jbura. Cotfaa.
' I Trnckee. Boca. Reno. TV«j».
worth, wianemucc*. ............ 829^
1 S.OOr Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... ([ - ¦. -__
780> Vallejo. Sunday only f 7 50 *
. 7J3Or hlchraoart. S*a Pablo. Port Coata.
Martlnes and War dtatioo* 11-23*
iCSr Oregon A California Expre**— Sae-
rameato. MarytTi'.Ie. Rcddlag; ' '-~*
Portland. Paget So<tnd aad Ettt. 1.50a
9.107 Hayward. Nile* aad San Jose (3oa-
daroBly) 11.50»
COAST LINE (5arrn.T tiaag*;.
(Foot of Mur^et Street.)
8.15* Newark. CeaterTlUe. Son Jo*e,
Felton, BoBiaer Creek. Saata
Crux and Way stations 5-557
t2.15r Newark. CenterrUle. 8aa Jitt,
Kew Alaiadra. Lo» G«to«,Fe::om,
Bonider Creek. Santa. Cms aad
Principal Way SiaUosa f 10-55*
4.1Sr Newark. San Joae.'Lo*Oataaaadj tB.55 »
'^_ war»t»aon* 1rl353*
*aSur Boater* TrVn. Sttnr !»y ontT. Saa
Jo*e and Way Station*. Retnra*
foe from Lfl* G»:o* Susdayoalr- 17 25*'
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
; Froai SAN V KAN CISCO. Foul u( JUrket St. (SHsO
-f7:U f:00 ll:C« a.m. 1C0 3 00 6.15 T.*.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:tt» ts:<M
18:06 lO:0O*-M. 12 00 200 4 00 f.M.
COAST LINE (Br*a4 U»xt|. .
tJf- (Talrd »nd fo»awni Str«et*.>
6-10a Saa Jo»e and Way Station* t-£O'
7 00a 8an Jo*e and tCay Station* 6-38F
ICO* New A'.msdra (T'J?s, Frt-1.. t^'.j\ 4.10*
% CO* The Ccaiter— Stop* oalj Saa Jt«<\
Gllroy (connection for Hotilav
ter). Pajaro. CaatrOTllIe (coa-
aectlon to aad from Monterey
aad PaclSc Orove). Saltaas. Saa
Ardo. Paso Boole*. Santa Uar-
C arlta. gaa Luis Ubiipo, {>rlac!?al
stations theace Sorf (ccnnectloa
for LomToc), prtsctpal ttatloiu
taeace Santa Barbara.San Baeaa-
Tentnra. Saafcu*. Los An^ie*... 1I-4S»
8. CO* 8aa Jo**, Trej Ptaoa, Capttola.
iiantaCrax.Pac!3c GrOTe.Sallaaa.
Ean Lnla ObUpo and Principal
Way 3:»'.!oc» ..^...^ 4-10»
10-30* Can Jo*e aad Way StaUoaw 1.23r
11-30A Banta Clara, Saa Joie. Las Gates _
and Way Stations 7-JOf
UOr Saa Jc*e and W»y Sut!oa« ... .... I 3i*
I. CO' Del ilante Expre**— Santa Clara,
Eaa Joae. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grore (ronaects at Saata
Clara for Santa Cruz. iiouM-r
Creek and 21 arrow Ganje P»lnt*>
at Gllroy lor HoHtiter. Trea
Pino*, at CaatrrtTiue for Sallaa*. It-Mr
S-JOr TresPtaos'WaTPaaaenMr......— 10-4?a
4.30* Baa Jose asd War Suttnn*. ....... tS CO*
tSOOr Saa Jose. <vl* Santa Clara) Lot
Gate*, and PrtBcipal Way Sl>
Uona (except 8nndA») ....„ *9 C3»
S6-S0r SanJo*eaadPrlnctp«lWaTStatlotta 13.43a
S.OOr eamet Limited.— Kedwood. Saa
Jote, G tlror.3all3aa.Paao Kobles.
Ban Lai* OdIsto. Santa Barbara.
Los Aoicele*. D«x!a*. El Pa»<i,
- Kew Orleans. New York. Coo-
necta at Pajaro for Sia:» Cms
aad at Caitrovtll* for Paclao
Grore and Way Station*. ....... 7-13*
tS-i&r &aaUaleo.Beri>(ford.B*lBiaat.Saa
Carlo*. Bedwood. Fair Oaka.
MealoPark. Piloi'.lo „ r8-43a
5 30> San Jose asd War Stations 8.38a
l-OQr Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.1Sa
H.iQr 9oath San Francltco. Milibrae. Bar-
llafame. Saa Mate o. Beimoat.
Baa Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oa**.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto .„ 9A&»
«114Wr Kajflcld. Monatatn View. Sua ar-
T»!e. Lawreaee. Santa Clara and -
San Joee <*4i»
Af«rMorn!ne. P for Afteraoom. ~*
•6cada» exc-pted. tSaadaroalj
a Batarday onlr.
I Stop* at all (uUoa* oa Sunday.
:sV-Oal7 train* (topping at Taieaeta S'- tomtkbmmid
r-1:10*.»-.t:e0AJl, 11:30 *.n,S:.»» XL. *:30r m. a^<«
«*»¦*! ¦ »' '
¦ TOSMRAFAEU
ROSS VALLEY,
BULL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
?la Saasalito Perrr.
¦ euborbaa Service. Standard Gauge Klactrto—
n<?nart from San Francisco Dally ":>». 8:0O.
SCO 10:C0. U:0O a. m.. 12:20. 1:43. 3:1* 4:14.
o-'l*.' «:15, 7:00. »:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN BAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. 8:25. «:35. 7:40. «:S3. S>:$3. U:05 a.
m.. 12:20. l:<5. 2:53. 8:43w 4:43. 5:45. *:45.
s*45 10"**0 p. **v
FROM MILL VALLETT TO SAX FRAN-
CISCO— Dally. 5:43. «:35. 7:52. 8:53. 9:55.
11-20 a. m.. 12:33. 2:00. 3:13. 4:03. 5:05. «:03.
7:00. 8:0% 10:33 p. m.
THROCGH TRAINS.
8 00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way station*.
i 5:15 p. m.' week days (Saturday eicepted>—
' Tofnalrs an<t way stations.
3:13 ». m. Saturdays — Cazadero aad way
s t a tloDs.'
Sundays only — 10 a. ns.. Point Reyea and
way nations. -
TICKET OFFICE— «26 Market st.
¦ FKRRT Union Depot, foot of Market St.
THE WEEKLY. CALL
i$l p©r Year*
7:30 a. m. 1 for stocktotu Fnmo. Bakersfleld.
S:0O pi mlj Merced. Hanford and Viaalia.
4:00 p. rn. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Granfl Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFTICES— €41 Marist St. and
Ferry Depot. S. T. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. CaJ. 37 Souta rirat St..
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
SAILWAT COSEPAJTT.
Tllmron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAZ7 RAPAE!*
WEEK DATS— T:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.-
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at ll:3O p. m.
Saturday* — Extra trip at 1 :SO and 11 :3O p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30. 5:0O, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SA2T BAFAEL TO SAN FBANC1SCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:U5. 7:33. 7:50. »:20. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 3:-*0 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:O0, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; l:4O.
3:40. 4:55. 6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave | In Effect f Arrtve
fan Francl3co.| Sect. 27. 1903. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. ( days. 1 tlon. | day*. | Days.
7:30 a 8:0O a 9:10 a 9:40 a
9:3Oa Icnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:2Op
5:10 p 5:00 p T:S5 p
7:30 a 8:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Prtaluma 8:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
5 :00 p Santa Rosa. __£i_
7:3OaI ~ 10:40 a!10:2O a
i 8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p| 3:30p r |
Windsor.
7:30a 8:00a Bealdsburs. 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyserrllle. 7:35 p 8:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a 8:00 a Borland lO:4OalO:2Oa
3:30 p 3:30 p and Uklah. { 7:33 p 6:20 p
7:30a| 8:00 a) WUllts. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 al 110:40 a!lO:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Quernevllle. ( 7:33 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:0O ak Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glea Ellen. | 6:03 pf 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 al ' " 110:40 a! 10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p! Sebastopol. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
STAGES connect ' at . Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla tnd Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
senrillc for Skages Spring*; at Clorerdale for
the ¦ Geysers. Boonevllle- and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bart let: Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter. Springs. Upper Lake. Poaao,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lierty*".
Bucknells. Sachedrtn Heights, HuIIville. Orr"a
' Hot Springs. Halfway House.' Comptehe.' Camp
Elevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fcrt Brap «r.
Westport. usal; at Willlts for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
i ville, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
I sen's. Dyer. Garbervtlle. Peppenrood. Scotia
; and Eureka. .
! Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
| duced ¦ rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
1 - Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building- • ~
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paaa. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
LeaW Th tnaUai r«7 I -ArriTe * I
aaaFrancbc* Net «f Marxst a Son Frandaw >
Week Sum- - . <m ¦ &m- WeeT
Pars, days >BKBk day» Days.
•TOn3*8:ooA ESmieJ&M laToarfo-tJI
•l:45r 0:00a @^ W »:33r *:5o?
6:lfir 10:00a WS^shHt »:SOr 5:50p
— — 11:00*. WP 4.30r •:••»
1m*mt wta ttap fcr V Mast at , TOr *¦»>
"TICUT , J 636 MAiuarr ST^(North Shore Railroad/"
•HOI I tad SAVtAUro Fsut, Poet Uarkat Si.
Other Santa Pe Trains:
BATXWAY TBAVEL.
. ADVEBTISEMENTS.
kS9kB A fi *¦ iBSBRBB
K&§E$ ta m l^s^r^aM B KmE: '- 1
BtXfwn^pj Fit W\ KQra nn n pp>«GLCl ¦U*l>j
KoM41 il II ¥t tLMaiB KJT^VSij
wK^SH fc| II P'irHfffl
mi VSfSSk v*
ml WS7SB9 V^
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO H
LEAVES :DAILY |
at f»:rt() aw m.. through In 3 days. 8
witli diner aad all trapping*. BTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -MONDAY, MARCH :2S,T 1904.
_^CLAJtRVOYAyTS Continued.
CLEAR VISION.
ATTRACTED BY AN INVITED FIELD—
THE SEMI-TROPICAL WONDERS /OF THE
GOLDEN WEST AMD THE MATCHLESS
CLIMATE OF CALIFORNIA— PROF. LIV-
INGSTONE. THE GREAT MYSTIC. CLEAR
VISION AMD WONDERFUL EXPONENT OF
OCCULTISM. HAS COME TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO TO RESIDE. TO WORK AND TO DO
GOOD— A COMPLETE CLAIRVOYANT LIFE
READING $1.
It is your duty to consult this gifted man.
He can unravel the most complicated skein of
difficulties, relieve your mind and Insure you
quick results, permanent happiness. Would
it not be a relief to know how you will suo-
ceed. to be relieved of matters that ara
troubling you. and of the »ch»me« of your
enemies? :
It Is not necessary that he should acquaint
you In print of all the ills one Is heir to and.
further, he does not wish you to tell him one
word. He claims to be able, and positively re-
fusee to acceot one penny unless you are per-
fectly satlsfUd and. further, he never alights
any one In his work; all are the same to him,
and he *eli«ves such Is the verdict of all who
consult him. Three separate recsptlon parlor..
Located at 42S Eddy st. Hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m. •
A — Miaa M. Wllle. 4tS0 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and llf« reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; houra 10 to 8.
A-MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly:
advice siven on all affairs of life; satlsfac-
t!on guaranteed: 25c up. 17 3d. next Exam.
MME.RAVENNA. formerly 5 4th St.. reads Mfe:
business advice: names trlven; readings 50c I
S.'!5 Howard, bet. 4th and Pth.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted chilr. and palm.:
hns second sight ; a wonderful prophetess;
names; ). r.oc : g . $t. 714 Franklin, rir. O.G.av.
Mr«.A.H. Kronenberg, palmst.clalrvoyant. card
reader .when others fall try me;good readlnm
10c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave. Tel.Larkin 4207.
MME. WALTERS, treat card reader: la. 2r>c.
_Kents 50o. 951 Mission st., nr. Cth; open Sun.
MME. j-OVONIAl clairvoyant, palmist— Read-
ings this week 25c. 468 Jessio St., nr. Sixth.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In ctiy.
2C& Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c: gents. 50c.
MME. LE FERN, card reader, has removed
from 109 Fifth st. t o 118 Ninth st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortuna-
t»ller. la now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAKER, clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings daily. ?IS^ Jessi? st., bet. 5th and Cth.
C A l^^T BlgATI > G AND CLEAX I X G.
WHEN you become dUausted with your work
send for SPAITLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-baat-
ing Works. £5.1-357 Teharaa jt. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 22."».
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Goldrn Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
IIOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
tres9»s madu over. 1432 Howard:tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main «i)4. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-lx?atlnfr works; prices
reasonable. 1703 H.-irrlson St.: tel. Mission 2>J3.
;^
BAD tenants . ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montpomerv rooms !>-l0: tel Main 55S0.
CEEDI-? CEOTHIZ-tS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes: everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st.
CXOTEI-TO BENOVATTNQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CUKES ETTFTTTBE.
WHO?— HunteiC i 120G Market St.; $10O; rupture
cure for $10: circular explains: send for one.
DEXTISTS.
Dr7~LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No chars? for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— -cannot break;
warranted. 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c:
plates, $5;', full .set; all work painless and
1 warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'FarrelU
DR. H G. YOUNG — Bridges and teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1841 Polk st.
, GOLD fillings 75c: silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
: pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.2O4 Sutter.
; PAKIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set treth. $1 50 up: crowns. $2 up: filling!!. 25c.
DltiaSgjtlAK-SRS AMD SEAMSTKESSiiS
, Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting; double
stamps on dre^s linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
'¦ study in' the entire West. New. complete.
.— extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
025 Golcien Gate ave. •
1 A THOROUGH experienced teacher will take
private pupils. Particular attention- given
to ladieB and gentlemen whose education has
been neglected : and to nervous and backward
pupils. Public school 'pupils received. vMISS
, FKNTON. 935 Sutter gt. . ¦
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; the school that
j. secures positions for graduates; just added 25 j
> new typewriters; catalogue free. •¦¦ *
' HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
I and night sessions: illustrated catalogue lreo.
! THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions.' Phelan bldg.'
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good petition; Grezg
shorthand.' Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st. *
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. 1 Fridays. . Louise Foster's
1 School of Dancing, l. r i.VJ Market, nr. Larkln.
ATTEND -Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent' stenographers. 1382 Market: catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' bid.;
: .bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, writine, etc.: day eve. : $4 mo. eve.
» HEALD'S School of Mlties&Electriclty, 24 Post
i St., S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. - Special catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
; dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Folk St.,
bet. Pine and California: classes now open.
'. SHORTHAND taught by mall. CHARLES F.
WHITTON, official rejKirter, • 437 Hawthorne
, ." avf., Oakland. ,.
SPANISH— A practical and meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California, r.4.
BANJO. , mandolin an_ ¦ guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. . 462 Geary st.
¦¦ GUITAR, mandolin and piano,' $3 per mo.;
mandolin club $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION— Day . and
1 PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour.' MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. . 1013 Mission/ nr. Sixth.
I SPANISH.French.etc.Prot.DcFilippe'sArademy
of language. 320 PoBt;estab'iI1871;ablest profs.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
j * of 'advertisements and ' subscriptions has been
p ' opened at *¦' 1003 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
. OpA- «ntil IVo. m. *'*:¦-.- ¦-.--¦¦. -
t !
I >: EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
1 GEORGE AOKI; 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135—;
*' Japanese-Chinese i-. employment- "office; fur--
1 . ¦ nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
1 A — ORPHEUM I Employment I Office — Japanese- *
• .Chinese help. 426 Powell st.'. Tel. Main 0752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau,
. 604 Kearny st. room 3; phone Blcck. 4408.
I CHINESE Employment. Of flee— Best' help at
t , Leon Seung's. 411^ O'Farrell ; : tel. > East 1 42fl.
• FRITZ'S • Erop."*:" Office; t Japanese t and < Chlness
; -:- help. " 415 Stodkton. st.'. Tel. _ Grant : 168. :. .
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of- I
\ flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
. CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yfars.
,'" '• Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALH.
BY a recommended.' neat, young Infant nurse;
city or country: can be seen at J. *•
CROSETT & CO.'S. 334 Sutter st.
YOUNG lady would like to do upstairs work
In a private family or boarding-house; city
or Oakland. Call at 762 Folsom st.
WANTED — Housework by woman with daugh-
ter who can assist for her board; will work
reasonable. Call 1163 Market st.
ALL kinds of children's dresses mado reason-
ably. 108^ Hayes st. .
POSITION wanted by trained nurse In doctor's
office.; best of credentials; 10 years experi-
ence. Box 4096, Call office.
A MIDDLES- AGED woman, first-class cook.
would like a poritlon as cook or working
housekeeper; city or country; best or r««r-
ences; $80. Box 4051. Call.
POSITION by neat, refined Eastern woman;
elderly; likes children; good plain cook; ca-
' pable entire work of family; waxes $12. Box
2023. Call Office.
EXPERIENCED WOMAN. 25 years of age,
for Kecond work, sewlnjr and waiting on
table; wages $25 per month. MRS. BAL-
MANN, 3261 Sacramento at.
A NEAT, respectable middle-aged woman d?-
sires work for a few hours dally or assist
with llirht housework in small private fara-
lly. Address MRS. L., 153^ Fifth st.
PROFESSIONAL nurse, speaking French, will
care for invalid or attend doctor** office;
will travel. MISS B. D.. 1250- O*Farr*U st.
SUIT saleslady desires a position In San Jose
or any city out of S. F. ; several years' ex-
perience. Address S. L., 725 Ellis, room IB.
A GOOD laundress wishes work for Wednes-
day and Thursday. Address or call 213 T»-
li.-ima st., front: $1 50 and carfare.
GERMAN woman would like a situation ss
housekeeper; no objections to across the bay.
300 Guerrero st. ¦ •*
HOUSEKEEPER. English woman with a child,
school age. wants position; on* or two In
family; city or country-. Box 4177. Call office.
WOULD like position as ;aleslady in millin-
ery store; wastes In exchange for hat. Box
4025. Call. *
MIDDLE-AGED wuman would like a situa-
tion to do light housework; good reference*
given. Box 4054. Call.
ELDERLY American woman wishes position
for housework; cood home; small wages.
22^i Seventh st.
REFINED young woman wants position as
hourekeeper for gentleman; no objection to
children. Box 4011. Call office.
TOUNG German woman wishes to do waahlng
at her home. Hex 4141, Call office.
WANTED — To do writing at home by young
lady. Box 4024. Call.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation as cook or
second work. Call 035 Alabama st., nr. 21st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position at* chamber-
work. Address a56 Third at.
AN elderly German woman wishes light work
In respectable family. Apply 227 Austin avo.
YOUNG woman would HUe position: nurse, or
with ronflnement: experienced. 2301 Polk st.
STRONG girl wants situation as chambermaid
in hotel. Address 370 Utah st.
YOUNU colored girl wishes a position for a
few hours' work. Call 1020 Pacific St.
NEAT German girl wishes situation as second
work in country; -£ages $23. Box 4.51, Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch nfflce. c<jr. Duncan A Church sts. ,
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
EMPLO VMEXT WASTED — MALE.
YOUNG' man. 28 years of age. 11 years' gen-
eral experience both wholesale and retail In
toys, novelties, house furnishing goods and
grocer's sundries, wants position with good
concern, either in or out of city, where
close aDolicatlon to business Is appreciated:
can furnish the best of reference. H. A.
SMITH. 1C02 Bush St., San Francisco.
A WILLING younz man wishes to learn
plumbing:; wages no object to start. Box
4188. Call office.
WANTED — Position by a thoroughly experi-
enced shoenr.an as saldpman. Address box
4187. Call' office. j
POSITION as foreman of mine; can run hoist
and sharpen tools. Box 4010. Call office.
AN experienced lawyer, bookkeeper, corre-
spondent, business manager, etc.. will ac-
' cept position on small salary with corpora-
tion. Box 4WW. Call.
GARDENER, life experience In gret-nhouse and
landscape work, ab!t_ to take charge of big
place, wishes situation; references. Box
4GM>. Call office. \
PLUMBER Clic-ense-d) first-class*, wants work
by the day or week from property" cwner:
has all ru-cegs-ary shop tools. Box 4i6«. Call.
BAR1CEEPKR wants position: city or coun-
try; can furnish reference; age 33. Address
box" 4134. Call office. J_
YOUNG married German would like a situation
of any kind: has koo«1 recommendations.
Address C. HESS. 29S1 Twenty-sixth st.
BARBER wants position in or near city with
option of buying shop; city reference; sober,
steady, married. Box 4135, Call.
TAILOR— Flrst-class ladies' cutter and fitter
desires position, with many years' experience,
BivinB full satisfaction. Box 4172. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes light" work . on ranch In
mountain? for board and small salary. Box
4147. Call.
A MAN of Invincible integrity would like a
position as watchman or collector. Address
Kamp Libra Genius, 610 Octavia St.. city.
STEADY, sober and active man wishes chance
to learn paper hanging; e«n furnish -refer-
ences. Address F. P. GAVAN, 2793 FiWert.
A RELIABLE, sober man. handy with tools;
have (small capital and services to Invest.
Box 4W1. Call office.
BARBER — First-class from New York, wants-
first-clara position. Address Barber, box
4405. Call office.
BARBER wants position in city limits; sober,
steady man; married: city references; union.
Box 4114. Call office. -
FIRST-CLASS celtarman (German) wants poa»-
' tlon to tend bar. O. SCHELLER. 662
East Twelfth si. East Oakland.
WANTED— Position ad nt*ht «lerk In hotel.
Address boy 40tt>. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as dry good-
salesman. Address box 4030. Call.. ¦
SITUATION as a cook. 1 Lexington ave.
YOUNG man wants job as carpenter. Box
4080. Call.
YOUNG man would like work of any kind.
B. F. F.. 11 Natoma st. .
YOUNG man would like employment of any
kind. Eox'4053. Call.
YOUNG man wants position to do general
housework.- Address box 4028. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as traveling
agent. Address box 4029. Call.
WANTED — Position as janitor In wholesale
house. Address box 4027. Call.
WANTED — Position as stenographer; experi-
enced in legal work. Box 4C46. Call.
WANTED — \Vork as porter. ED FARGO. 1637
; Kentucky st.
BARKEEPER wants situation; has flrst-class
references; city or country. Box 4061. Call.
YOUNG man. Lick student, desire3 evening
• ;: or Saturday employment. Box 4128, Call.
BOY 10, strong and reliable. . wishes work of
any kind. Address box 4tf44. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation; will
lend $400. Box 4170, Call office.
LADIES' tailor, with experience in cutting
. and fitting, wishes position. Box 4179. Call.
,YOUNG man (German) wants to learn the bai-
teiider trade. Box '4048. Call.
MEHGENTHALER machinist-operator; posl-
. tlon in small city. Box 4062. Call office.
A YOUNG man wishes light work oa a ranch;
willing and steady.. Box iOCS, Cail office.
JAPANESE couple want position, cook a_ul
\- general housework. Address FUJI!. IIS
Eddy at.
BOOKKEEPER wants to keep small set books
during leisure time.-. Box 4350, Call office.
A CHINESE boy would like position as cook
/In 1 small family; wages $35. R. KEE. 7
- Drenham place. * '
A' JAPANESE boy wishes position as porter,
work -In etore or elevator boy. Address
XATAGAMO. 448 Natoma st. -. *¦¦
A JAPANESE, many years' experience, as
stepwasher, - dishwasher, housecleaning, etc.
Address T. . HARA. 121 Halght st.
EMPLOYMMTWATTED- 2*£__5b*__
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes a posl-
ttonln city hotel. YEE GOE. room -0. «3
gay st.. 3. F.
WANTED— Position by a Chines* young man;
graduated In commercial college. Apply to
22 Waverly place, city.
A LICENSED . engineer and machinist "'ants
position; city references. Bo* 4330. Call.
v FEATHER RESOVATKf P.
BT n«w healthful process. CaL Steam Feather
¦ CO.. 325 Van X— »v«.: t«L Howard 3167.
Fl-ATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT. -J"
All deslrabl* vacant houses aod flaU ars l!»t-
«d in our free rentinr department; orer 100O
In number; a combined list from all a<tncl«s;
' l«t us rive you a list and help you to flad a
clace; w« ne~«r fall; •«nrlc« free.
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to 1st; aa lnuneas* list;
servlc* absolutely frse: tak» adrantag* of
this department: it will sav» you time and
trouble. Cordem Furniture Co.. 243-258 Geary
st.. on th» square.
NO. 3623— A modern flat of 1 Jargs snany
rooms and bath, with th» latast Improve-
ments: in the warm belt of th» Mission; on
Twenty-fifth St.. bet. San Jose ave. aad
Guerrero st^ .
$23 — NEW first flat. 7 larg« rooms: also up-
per flat 7 rooms; sun In *very room. 1443
Broderlck at., near Post; flats open.
$27 80 — To let. fine sunny cor. flat; 7 rooms
axid bath; northeast cor. Twenty-sixtb and
• Castro sts. ______
BROADWAY. 1263. near Hyde — Neat sunny flat
of 4 large rooms. $16: 3-room flat. $11.
DEHO.V, 63. bet. 16th and 17th. nr. Sanchez —
Upper flat; 4 sunny rooms, bath; no ohildren.
GRAND view at Calif., cor. Lyon; new modern
sunny furn. or unfurn. bath and laundry.
GROV12, 7!*S — Lower modern flat; six rooms;
bath; adults: newly tlnttd. :
LAUREL ave.. 221. oft Van Ness av«.. bet.'
Turk and Eddy — Four rooms and bath.
LAGUNA. 2703 — Elegant corner Oat. T rooms,
bath; marine vt»w; $40; 11 to 12. 4 to 8.
LARGEST list of houses snd Cats to let. Call
en LYOX tc HOAG. 116 Montgomery si
LEAVEN WORTH. 1310 — 4-room flat; gas;
bath; rent $19.
MODER*; Cat. « rooma. bath: new; must b«
seen to be appreciated. 327 Bartlett st.
SUNNY cor. flat; modsra; 0 rms, bath; rent
135. COr. McAllister and Broderlck «tsi__
SOMETHING new; 4 rooms; see It to-day. 937
Hayes st '¦ . -
KI.ATS TO LET Flll.MSBED.
FLAT, 4 rooms, well furnished, yard. b«st loca-
tion, to responsible parties; 15 minutes' walk
to Hearst bldg. E. Lloyd, r. 406, Hearst bids.
WASHINGTON. 2833. near Alta Plaxa— Beau-
tifully furnlzhed sunny flat of 7 rooms.
FLATS FOR SALE— FlTtSlSHED.
vXN^NE_S~liveTr"8W^«wrsale. cheap. furnN
ture In 7-room flat; several rooms rented.
Hours, 10 to Z Sat. and Sun., after 3 wk. days.
FURNISHED flat of * rooms and bath; $125 if
sold this week. Box 4160. Call.
GOOD furniture of & modern &-room Sat. Call
to-day. 357 Fell at.; bargain.
A SACRIFICE: flat of 8 rooms and bath; all
new furnishings: fine location. 753 Eddy st.
Fl'IlMTlltE FOR SALES.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods of every description; flats
bought. Mlaalon Auc.House. 429-433 Valencia.
FURS-TURK WASTED.
A. WOLLPERTf 77_ Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price- for furniture and mdse. I_ H.
BL'HD. auctioneer. 1S1* Mkt. :t«t Howard 273d.
HELP WANTED FEMALE,
COOK, no washing. San Rafael $.".."»
Cook, San Mat£t>. little washing..... $3.*>
Cook. Rcss Valley, little washlnr *¦'»¦
Cook, small sanitarium, cit- $."!<»
Cook. IN. irk! nc- men's hotel, city.... *n»
V. cooks. German families city $30, *3T»
Housework, little washing, city * :•>
Cook, small family. Alameda $30
41 general housework girls, little washing, in
% cltv, Oakland, San Rafae 1 Sausalito,
Vlountaln View and all ne»rby towns. fL'n.
JC5. $30; Udles can be s;en at J. F.
CROSETT & CO.'S. 334 SutteT st.
j^ LAUNDRESS in institution. $33: waitress,
$30- chambermaid, same place, $23; 2 cook*.
$35 and $40; second girl. $30; 10 housegirls.
$30 and $35. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A— WANTED — Girls to_, learn lialrdressmg.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A 'o Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to thoa* entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading schooi in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons tauxhl from start to finish
In 1 month for $13; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wlc up:
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at hlxbest wages; day and eve. class; call.
WANTED — A competent person for East Oak-
land for plain cooking and housework; fam-
ily of three; wages $20 to $23 month. 1704
Geary st.
A GIRL for general housework; small family:
references. Call Monday afternoon at 1123
Ellis st.
COAT finishers wanted, and apprentices, paid
while learning. 40 Ellis st.. room 6.
GIRL for general housework and assist In
bakery. 17»4 Haigbt st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
GOOD hands on vests. 641X4 Stevenson it.
FELLING hands wanted. 180 Clara St., near
Fifth.
GERMAN -woman to cook dinner for German
lunch house; sleep home. 310 Folsom st.
A FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. Room C.
P.. Polace Hotel. A. MAX.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn halrdressirLff
and manicuring; will pay while learning.
' Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALS
BROS/ • ¦
WANTED— Flrst-class union tailors on coats.
H Virginia Court, bet. California and Pin*
Ets., oft Dupont.
ERRAND girl for alteration department. Ap-
ply Monday 8:30 a. m. I. MAGNIN ft CO.,
43 M Ellis St.
THREE women of rood standing, well ac-
quainted In city, to do business. Box 40S7.
Call office.
WAIST hands and Improvers wanted at 1407
Laguna st.
WAIST and skirt hands wanted. -014 9ut-
tfr st.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for lacs de-
partmtnt. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Mark»t st.
WANTED — Operators on ladles' wrappers.
MARKS BROS.. l?2O Market st.
Iv FIRST-class Uiloress on custom coats;
steady work: good pay. 333 Natoma st.
LADIES can earn $2O a week by selling our
10c novelty. Call room 34. 421 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED — Experienced Jacket and sktrt alter-
ation hand. Aocly between 0 and 11 _. m.
at HALE BROS'.
WANTED — Flrst-class waist and coat helpers.
J. BAER. 12CO Goary st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 1H33 Buchanan St.. bet. 9 and 12.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan tc Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions haa b««n
opened at 1008 Srfarket st.. opposite rift-.
Open -until 11 p. nt. '
' HELP WANTED — MALE.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 823 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free Information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.- day
or 'evenings. . ¦."••»
W «^"3SP~ Ea " ter eK * decorator. Apply at
HOFFMAN'S. 126Q Broadway. O>__a__.
WANTED— Young man; must b« hustler; a
No. 1 business; small capital. Bo* 41T3» *>TV
BUSIKESS CHAKCES— Continued.
A— STRANGERS, ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
business opening in Ban Francisco? If so,
we can offer you any number requiring an
Investment from $100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our
office must stand the closest Investigation,
' and we can x>lac« you in a store, factory,
hotel, mill, office, or, in fact, any business
you may prefer. Kindly call and Investigate.
OERMAIttA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
J^ MERCHANTS, ATTENTION 1
(f Do you desire to enlarge your business, or do
' you desire addftlonal capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; wa
hav« a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A^ ~~~ $100 REWARD ~"
Will be paid for legal proof showlnr that
axiy person ever lost a dollar who Invested
any money through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock. $50,000.
W7 Market St.. rooms 321, 323, 828. 824.
A GOOD OPENTNG
For a young man who can invest $500 In a
hlsh-clafs real estate office and fill position
. of cashier: experience not necessary: invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GBRMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
r. IIOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; SO rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room, with 18 tabies and Imported Vienna |
chairs: the best carpets money can buy •
throughout: flnest'linen, best silver service:
10 years' lease: price $10.00O: easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
" A SAFE INVESTMRN T.
$1000 cash and service secure interest and
office of treasurer in an incorporated reaHy
and investment company; ?150 monthly as-
sured: highest references riven and required. .
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A^ 2~PER CENT MONTHLY !
On investments of $100 and upward: no "ret-
rich-qulck" swindle or RamblinR scheme, but |
a reputable business estab. 3 years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. !»27 Market st.
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of eold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth 5200 by Auprust. 10OJ.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., P27 Market Bt.
A— TAILORING AND HABE!Rr>ASHF.RY.
A ¦ flrst-class tailor or gentleman familiar
with Rents' furnishing goods can secure a
partnership In one of the leading stores In
San Francisco: about $5C0O cash required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— BARBER SHOP.
For sale, 4-chalr shop: centrally located and
good, established trade: sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of Immediate sale.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. ?>27 Market st.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS.
Wanted, man with 54000 cash to take Interest
In stable established 10 year*; $200 monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
FOR aale — Grocery store nicely located In
Hayee Valley. Address box 4292. Call office.
GROCERY without bar for sale in good loca-
tion near Golden Gate Park. Box 4500, Call.
$700— SALOON; 17 room?, furnished: stable
and barber shop; bargain. 330 Main Ft.
FOR pale— Large grinding store; carpenters'
ard clumbers' tool?. 953 Howard «t. '• ..:•>*:
$400 — CANDIES and pastry; 3 furnished
rooms; biff stcck: good trad«. Box 4020. Call.
WANTED — A grocery find bar; state locality,
etc. Box 4589, Call office. *. ;- -.*.'*¦
WANTED— A good cigar stand. Box 4499, Call
office,
A BRANCH office of The Call for th? reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGIAG-HOrsr.S FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
4O<5 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business -methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3607. or. take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every Bale.
We do business strictly according: to law.
SNAP — 25 rooms; 5 blocks north of Market St.;
rent only $110; worth $1800; reduced 3 times
to $1000, $1400 and $1200; make offer and
terms to suit yourself. M. GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT house of 23 rooms; one block
north of Market st.; clean and well kept;
owner elck; will sell or exchange for small
house. M. GRIFFIN.
HOUSE for rent and furnishings for sale; 24
rooms; near O'Farrell and Stockton sts.;
first-class condition; some occupied of flees.
M. GRIFFIN.
WE lend you $600 to $300 on a certain 20-room
house of which we have exclusive sale at
$1200; clears $S1 per month. M. GRIFFIN.
Et T NNY corner, bay-window house of 45 rooms;
5-year lease; electric elevator; $5000; part
pay will be taken in real estate.
•M. GRIFFIN.
TO RENT, with privilege of buying, a corner
8-room flat ¦ complete]*/ furnished; rent $-!5.
MARION GRIFFIN. '.%«om 40C Exam. bldg.
Ask MARION GRIFFIN >? show you that 24-
room house near Market st. for $1200, on
easy terms; rent only $80?>
MARION GRIFFIN makes 5>ui an offer
Of a hou**^ near Union square.
The income is one hundredVhirteen
dollars monthly above expci^es there.
A thousand dollars cash is. a*
you "svlll need to pay, v.
While wa lend you six hundrM.
dollars, payable in your own -n Vy.
APARTMENT house: 4S roorasi clears $222
month; corner: electric elevator; Tne location;
almost no work for landlady. M\ GRIFFIN.
SUPERIOR furnishings in 100-rooirfthouse.
IN the fashlcnable quarter, near 1kb Hill.
REGULAR income per month $1Cc7.
. RENT and all expenses per month $639.
PROFIT put In the bank each month $458.
Owner Fick and ordered to change climate.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Exam, bldg.
$2000 will be accepted as first payment on the
. most luxuriously furnished apartment house
\ In this city, barring none; rich velvet car-
pets: elegant birdseye maple furniture; Ori-
ental hangings; grand, sunny corner house
and a lease for 5 years. See
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW building of 30 rooms, full of new, extra
fine furnishings; north of Market; lease If
desired; nearly full; clears $189 per month.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
FINE 14-room house on suny side; J
In pood location, near Eddy and Hyde;
Worth twelve hundred (we don't care, a rap),
A thousand dollars takes this snap; •
It's n big bargain, but must be sold, .*
Yet Wears sixty dollars a month In gold.
See MARION GRIFFIN, 406 Examiner bldg.
_ _____ _ -_
— 15 rooms .....North of Market
—$400 Spot cash
— JSO Income Rent $30
—See M. GRIFFIN ...406 Examiner bldg.
\ APARTMENT HOUSES.
Why not by an apartment house?
We have one for sale; clears $1000 month. /
We have others clearing $150 to $500.
COME IN
And let us tell you about the business.
The information and our Eervlces free.
MARION GRIFFIN, 400 Examiner bldg.
J. Cut out this 10-line ad.
2. Would you like a house clearing .
3. $275 per month over the rent?
4. Would you like a respectable bouse?
h. Would you like a business location?
fi. We can show you such a house.
7. A house that we can recommend.
8. You need only pay $1750 down.
9. Call and get inspection permit..
10. MARION GRIFFIN, 406 Examiner bldg.
MITCHELL & CO .......... Phone Jessie 2081
1200 Market st.. opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; r.eat, sunny, two- floor house; rent
$10: sell or exchance;' price $050.
C5 rms.: downtown house; steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
20 rms.; choice corner rooming-house: unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms: well-appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must Fell; make offer,
MITCHELL & CO., 1200 Market st.
A — f 275; ' FLAT; 5 rooms; Leavenworth st.:
¦ worth $500; must sell; offer wanted. KREDO
& CO., 765 Market st.
$275; HOUSE: 11 rooms: clears $30 month;
•south Market et.; snac KREDO & CO.,
765 Market st.
$800; HOUSE: 25 rooms; clears" $85 month;
choice location. KREDO & CO.-, 705 Market.
100 ROOMS, sunny comer, re'ht '$123. '...$4500
40 rooms, south of Market, rent $110... 2000
4« roon.s," Mission warm belt, rent $65. ,2250
20 rooms. " summer resort; •¦ rent $400 . yr. : ¦ 550
14 rooms, fine location, rent low.. 700
Hotels and summer resorts. ' - .
E1TEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny St.
LODGING-HOUSE of nine rooms for, sale:
must be- sold this. .week; very cheap. 102
Natoma St., . over corner -Second.
22 ROOMS; $800; first-class place; n . In dow-.i-
town center. HARRY DOYLE. 1023 Market.
|SO(V— NICELY furnished 11-room house; In-
stallments; dears $30 month. Box 4060, Call. ,
CHAJVCB8. '
A— $3000— CORNER saloon; cloee to Cail bldg;
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this is one ot
the best saloon locations in this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — JbOO— ROADHOUSE, with danc* halL club
and living rooms; rent $40; electric light In-
cluded; 6 years' lease. Call R. O. WILKE,
lltP-s Kearsy st. _*¦
A— 11000; SALOON and liquor stora on Sixth
St.; rent i'M); business O K, but owner Is en-
raged In other business; must sell at ones.
R. G. WILKE, 26^, Kearny st.
A— $4500; COFFEE, tea and crockery store; on*
of the leading buslneseea of this kind and In
choicest location In this city; rent $05; all
caeh trade: stock will invoice $4000: a very'
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny at. ; *
A — $130^— CORNER cigar stand on Kearny;
rent $S5; lease; a rood business; coma and
Investigate. R. G. WILKE. 20^ Keerny St.
Al BLOCK of land. 200x300. In San Leandro
with house of 4 rocms; income $400 per
year from fruit; will exchange for dairy
ranch. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Keamy st.
A— J2000— SALOON In wholesale district; rent
$60; place established many years and good
paytr.g. Call K. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny St.
A — $4000 — CORNER grocery and bar on Larkln
n... doing a fine caeh business; value In
eight; fresh stock; no better location In this
city. See R. G. WILKE, 2(3% Kearny st.
A— $2000 — COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
waterfront, clcs* tr Market st.; place estab-
lished yean* and well paylnc: dally receipts
about $C0. Call R. O. WILKE. 2«^ Kearny.
A — $1100 — SALOON, with 3 rocms: close to
Keamy and Bufh eta; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest ttock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1100— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; rent Jin, dally receipts $45; plac*
clearing about $1.5 per month. R, G.
WILKE. 1«H Kearny St.-
A— $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar on
O'Karrell st. ; place kept by present owners
S years and doing a good paying cash busi-
ness; fresh stock; value in sight. R. G.
2ti% Kearny et.
A— $(v.0— CORNER bakery, with 4 living
room;; about 2 blocks north of Market St.;
will be sacrificed If sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A — $SGO0 — COilNER saloon with B years' lease;
close to Flood building: this is the choicest
location in this city and a first-class paying
business. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $750 — CANDY store and ice cream parlors.
with stationery, etc.. on Devlsadero St.; 3
living roocif; «. splendid location and good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard: on Geary
et.; rent $40; lease; 3 horses. 6 wagons; busi-
ness estah. years; Investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1650: COR. raloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50: lease; a flrst-class paying place in
choicest location: $150 per month clear guar-
anteed. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery In
choicest location; rent $80; dally receipts
about $70; a good business but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A— $S50; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton Ets.; rent $75; a splendid
location end rare business chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 50x100;
. bouee of 4 room*. 2 storie6; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.: price $3C00; not all cash required: a
rood business. Call on R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chance*.
V : . - _Z___
Oyster ar<i chop houses $353 to $1600
Candy and icecream parlors $200 to $2*00
R"rJ>er shops $.'>C0 to $2500
Cipar stands : $.",50 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurant* $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores ...;.. $3C0 to $100a
Pn;R- rtores $2000 to $6000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wcofl and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist cr
doctor; fine location for drug store; good flx-
tureF, counters and showcase; rent only $60:
buFim-Ks already established; with 6 rooms
and bath . in rear: elegantly furnished
throughout: everything- complete for house-
keeping- of the be?t quality; price $1800.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-houEe or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy..
FOR sale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candies; established S
yars; clears over 1200 per month: will In-
voice about $9Cft. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Ok of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $73 to $100 day; will
bear Investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
i- CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply etore; well
lc-eatM; clearing f-"?CO per month: first-clas*
proposition; will stand strict investigation;
price $SCOO. CAMERON & CO.. ?. Eddy st.
FOR rale — Ladies' furnishing and fancy goods
business; cheap rent; well located; estab-
lished 12 years; will invoice $8000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
$300 BUYS half interest In established of-
fice and commission business clearing to
each $125 monthly; experience not required;
ir.urt give references; bona-flde offer. Par-
ticulars at 1007% Market St., room 1.
SUMMER resort; finest climate: big payer;
complete: near city; sickness; Investigate.
1007% Market et.. room 1.
$350 — PARTNER wanted In established com-,
mission business clearing $150 monthly: will
give bank references; experience not re-
quired; grand opportunity.,1007% Market, r.l.
FOR eale chean — FuIIy( equipped ground floor
photo studio doing a good business; situated
on one or the bent business streets In Oak-
land: very low rent. Address Photographer,
572 Eijhteenth St.. Oakland, Cal. ¦
FOR sale — A large, well paying bakery, with
large cake trade and 5 to C barrels of bread;
latest improved wagons and 6 good horses; ;
only a ehort distance from city. Inquire M.
P. DETELS. 21S California st.
I HAVE a realty investment that will pay 10
per cent on $70,000; guaranteed permanent
and safe: references; principals only; no
agents. C. A. 11.^ box. 4110. Call efflce.
$45O— PLUMBING business; established In
neighborhood 18 years and has good lint of
paying customers: rood rrason for selling.
Address SCOVERN, 139 Phelan buildinr.
WANTED — A partner with some cash in a
well established, permanent, paying business,
with a field for greater development. Ad-
dress box 4297, Call office.
WANTED — A man to give bin time and a
email amount of cash for a half interest In a
business that Is paying a good profit. Box
.4342. Call office.
A GENTLEMAN with a general knowledge of
business has some capital to invest and
would like to get Into some good business.
Address iv:th full particulars box 4291. Call.
A MONEY-MAKING business; a sacrifice;
cause deoarture; good established delicacy
and home kltchtn; large cash trade; grand
place for partners. 177 Seventh st.
FOR sale — Boarding house, established 4 years;
15 rooms; large yard; 20 * beds: rent $40:
steady boarders; chance for Increase; snap
for man and wife. ; 32^ First at. .
$725 — SALOON and cigar stand; rood location;
rt'ick and fixtures; living rooms. Eureka,
7S3% Market st.
RESTAURANT of 14 tables; fine business and
rood locality: must be -sold. H. D^YLE,
1023 Market st.. near Sixth.
$1000; FOR sale — Grocery and bar; good busi-
ness; clean stock, living rooms; lease. Ad-
drws JOS. ROURKE. 2198 Fifteenth Bt.
A FIRST-CLAPS rrocery with a good family
trade in Oakland for sale; stock is all new
roods and clean. - Address box 4468, Call.
PHOTO supply store; $1000: rood locality, this
city; rood future; will exchange for property.
Information apply 10 a. m. to 12 m., 134 12th.
A STEADY young man with small capital can
-obtain Interest In a well-paying business at
ence. 414 Post. Call bet. 8 and 10 a. m.
FOR sale — A grocery store at invoice: on De-
-visadcro St.. In a rood location; low rent.
Box 4266. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a general merchant Ise
etore in some email town In California. Box
4595. Call efflce.
CIGAR stand in Oakland; rood location for
business; good, clean and fresh stock. Box
44O, Call office. ¦
FANCY grocery store for sale In East Oak-
land; paying; will sell reasonable. Box 4322,
Call efflce. - * ..'
FOR sale— -Bakery; large: stock and good fix-
tures; low rent and good location. Address
Call office.
SALOON ' for * eale at bargain. 141 Second
6treet; .
A' GOOD variety store;*low rent: living rooms;
bargain; must go East 1501 Devisadero st.
jOKJr X>. SPBXC-X-S, Proprietor.
;Hiks CC-XCTlcaUC-S to J0E3 KcHAPGHT, Kai-gr
V. J. MARTIN Buslneea Manager
" . , " : '• TEI«CTHONi_!
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator "Will Con-
nect You; With the Department Yon Wish.
Publication Office Market •_»_ TJilnJ. 8. F.
Editorial Roam 217 to 221 Stevenson it.
r*:iv*T*d by Carii-trs. 20 Cts. Per We**. 73
Cu. Per Month. Slrgls Copies t CenUf
Terms by Mall. Icdudlr.g Postags (Cash With
• . Order): . : 4
DATLT CA1-L <isclud. Sunday-). 1 year... $8.00
r>_JX.T CALL (lnclud Sunday*). « mos 4.00
PAJ-LT CALL — By Sir.rla Month •«>
SVNDAT CALL 1-1'ear f£>
T\"EEKLT CALL 1 Year •• 1Ot)
f Dtllv .$8 SO Per Tear Extra
FOREIOri J Sunday. 4.10 Per Tear Extra
POSTAGE. weekly. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
all" postmasters- are authorized
to receive subscriptions.
Fatcple Cop.es will be forwarded when re-
quested.
-fall subscribers 1:1 onlertng ehaxre of s£-
Cress *hould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their r»«
aueut.. ,
OAKLAND OFFICE: =¦-
LiU Broadway ...Telephone Main 1081
' -BERKELEY OFFICE:
?14R Center Street Telephone NortB 7T
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. -TV ALL Hotel Barton
. NE3V. YORK NEWS ETANDS:
¦WaJdorf-Xftorla Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; FlfUi-ave-
r.ue. Hotel and HoZTman House.
CHICAGO NETTS STANDS:
: Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Nort£?rn Hotel; Trera&at House; Auditorium
. Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVE:
C. GEORGE KEOGNEES..Marquette Bulldinc
<L»ng Distance Telephone. ' Central 261».")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
ETEPIiEN'B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bulldln*
¦ VETff TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. CA CARLTON Herald Square
ErsnTESS -OFFICE cf the San Francisco
• Cail. oprner Market and Third etreets: opea
- -until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
- BRANCH OFFICES:
ions MaxKet etreet. -opposite Fifth; open until
. 11 p. -m.-."
f!7 Moctiromery. rtreet. corner Clay; epeo
BBtfl 3:50 .p jn.
S-'«.t Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
63l;B-___3-rtck > etrpet: open until 9:30 p. m.
' i.'i Uikr etrestj open until 9:30 p. m.
IC41 M"f«-jo«i *tr»et; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market tireet. comer Sixteenth; op«n
until 9 p. m.
ion E5*"venth street; open until 9 p. m.
:<*»<> Valencia street; cpen until B p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
¦ Northwest earner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: op«n until P p. m.
Fillr-.or* street; open until 9 p. m.
MElJTJXG SOTICES.
AEYLCM OF GOLDEN GATE Com- ,_f>-
mandery No. lfi K. T.. Cjri Sutter st. gSH
— fpecial assembly THIS EVENING jj_a
- at 7:30 o'clock. Order of Temple. All <y
'rmtetr are courteously Invited. By
order of the Com maunder.
THEO. FROlitCH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. JB
Rcyal Arch Masons, meets THIS
EVENING. Degree 4. /V\
H. G. PRINCE. SecretaiTr
<M •CIDEN.TAL Lr»i=e No. 22. F. and A. »
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at
'7:30 o' clock: second _feree. By order />r\
of the M»Et»?r.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodjre No. 2C0. F. »
Pa»d A. M.. !<?» Fillmore et.— Pec-VVf
end tffXire. THIS EVENING E t 7:30/V\
o'clock. UAI\RY BAEHR. See. %_
fTAUB KING I»fis*e No. 344. F. and »
. A. M. — Offleerj ant! menibei-s are "V\f
•'•herety- TioJ'.fitKJ -t.o atjend the furttral
• of Broihe-'Grcr^e. Vrsnnagle (lat» a
' tneflStoer of \Viteor I-odge No. 2*2. F. and
' A" M Pfrmbu-yr, Pa.) ia. King Solomon's
Hall Masonic TVmpIe TO-DAY (MONDAY).
' IMareh 2S- 1304, at 2 p. m. Master Maeons j
:.-pn<J friend* of. tHe (Jet-eased arc Invited. By
' " order' of the inafter.
1A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
Tt> -ffTe officers' and members of th« y""
Rigpers' - an4 ' Stevedores' Union. _t%{
'Uocal 'Nb-'i-S! cf the I. L, M. ani /«_3
T. ,\ . — v-.-i; :-•"<- hereby notified to
ttend ••¦ :•:•¦.'.. meeting of this yflA-j
"union to foe lii-Sd a- our hall, w; r i52_L
- Vront' St.'. TO-NlGrfT J MONDAY*. UmSST
' "March 2S. 19<>+. Eu*iness of importance to
come before the raeetins- By order of
•' .' THO~: F. BRYANT. President.
* HENRT JEND. Rec. Cor. Sej^
' TPErCIAL rnett'ng I»cal Union No. 19. Broth-
erhood of Painters, on MONDAY. March li*.
• At S r>. : m.. at B. B. Hall, 121 Eddy St.; Im-
portant businei**.-
THt; Board of Medical Examiners of the State
¦ . cf California will hoid the regular exam-
'Nation in the «"xamina < ticn chambers. Civil
'B^rvice Commission, City Hall. San Fran-
csco. Cal.. April 5, « and 7, 19C4. beginning
• "_t 10 a. m. . Credentials should be filed with
the secretary s"mo days before the exam-
. j'nation. -GEOKGt: G. GERE. M. D.. eec-
." rptary.
THK annual meeting of the stockholders cf
"• the Sierra. Railway Company of California
, Vili be held at the offices of the company,
No. : 229 Crocker building. City and County
cf • San Francisco. State of California, on
• MONDAY, the Sth day of February. . 1901. at
t-hp" hciir -of- 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year
end the transaction cf euch other business as
• may come fcefore said meetiiwr. Dated at
San Francisco, Cal., January 23. 1904. S.
D. FRESHMAN. Secretary.
TKt" above meetine adjourned until April
11th, liHM.'at 11 o'clock a. ta.
2W>. S, 1004. S. P. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
ANNUAL meeting — The annual meeting nt the
tiockbeiders of the WESTERN" E'JGAR
REFINING COMPANY will be held
st the office of the company. No.
H27 Market et.. Kan Francisco. California,
on MONDAY, the 2Sth day of March. 1904, at
the ho-ar of 12 in., 'or the purpose of elect-
ing ¦- board of directors to serve for jlhe
tnsu.ng year, and the transaction of such
ether business aa may come before the meet-
ing; Transfer books will clotc on Friday.
March 16. 130i. at 12 m. W. tf. HANNAM.
Eecretary
NOTICE cf stockholders' meeting of the United
Crude Oil Company <a corporation) — A stock-
¦ holders' raeeang will be held at the com-
pany's office, room 41S Parrort bullying, San
Francisco. Cat., on V.'EDNESDAY, April 13,
1904. at 12 o'clock noon, for the purpose of
e!e<jtlnr a board of directors to serve for the
yrar and fcr the transaction of such
"ther business as may be properly brought
before the abo\*e meetinc.
L. WOODBURY Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pares, peet to any address In the
United Elates or Canada one year for SI.
_ AllVERTtSEMUITT "WTtlTrBrO.
'HAVING recently acquired throueh exchange
"of property three $40 scholarships In the b*«t
College of Advertlrlnr In the United States.
I will *e!l them at 25 per cent discount for
ca£h:\tb«. ccjlece teaches 'advertislne writ-
Sng by ccrreepon_ence and asFifts its grad-
uates to secure positions; cr.taio-urs fur-
niehtd en eppHc.-Ui'-n. Addi-eu- box S02S. Call.
ATTOn\EYS-AT-LA\V.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a email fee.
fc*e tee. aod »*ave money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yre.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1322 Market hi., between Mason end Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
P.. W. KING. Attorney -at- Law. Exam: bldg.,
Cth f.oor, entrance room 611; established 20
ytare; all catscr, general court and office prac-
tice; nc. tee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appoiritment. Tel. Red 3061.
UIVORCK $12; quick; quiet; advice free. Law
and Collection office, 1023 Market et.. room
" 2, bgt. Cth and 7th: offlt-e hours 11 to 4:30.
DIVORCE— Costs. *J2; quick, quiet; advic*
free: open evenings. 827 Market et., rm. SOL.
L. G. CLARK. 027 Market et.; consultation
,fr*e: no fees In advance; cpen evenings.
A WF.EK'S -news for 5 cents — The 'Weekly Call.
16 rages. In m-ra pper. fcr ranlllng. tl per year.
AUTOMOBILES.
NEARLY new TTlnton touring car; flrst-clans
condition • -must be sold Immediately: owner
reiur-us East March 30; cash only. WELLS
BROS.. 1719 Wnghington: phone East 1302.
AUTOMOBILE wanted; state make, motive
potrer. etc. Box 4470. Call office.
WANTED— An automobile of li/e pattern and
la flm-claw csder. Box 4K>VCaU o«ce.
n CALL WANT AD S HORt! RETURNS TOR THE COST
f^onnj'vo HnrsRn for saivb— -53gT*;
aT^A^EROnTXcO. : " " " " Phone South look
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
# all kinds of business chances.
108 rooma; cheap rent; new and •legantly
furnished: . up-to-date roomlng-Thouse; has fine
.bar; can be run In conjunction If desired; rare
chance fpr right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of house; other business inter-
ests demand Immediate departure.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-dat* house; all men- electrlo elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
10 rcoms; rent only $100; well furnished; llt-
tl« apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash. .
SO rooms: rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; fin* carceta: close In; fine money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished: 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $ too to $B00 per month; obliged to leave
city.
11 rooms; rent $40; close In; oak, cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $100 caeh, balance time; snap; $700.
46 rooms: rent only $65; well located hotel
south of Market: fine bar; well stocked: brick
building: electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500,
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
8-room upper flat; corner: all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; "price $750.
120 rooms; tine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful .furniture; 2 entrances;
takrs in $."0 to $40 Dei\day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms: corner; rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full: clearing
570 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price $1600.
CO rooms; new; modern apartment-house; 10-
year lease: cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
71 rooms; decant, new. modern buildinr; in
one of the best cities in Southern California.;
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up to date; 9-year lease; rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms; well furnished; first-class tran-
sient l:ouse; 2 blocks off Market; 6-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
81 rooms; rent $110: all light rooms; clear-
ing over $1CO per mo.; regular snap; only $S00
to get in; must leave city at once; price $1300.
128 rooms: cheap rent; long l»ase; flrst-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $600 per month; must
Bell on account of other business; only with us.
8-room, new, modern fiat; 4 months;' elegant-
ly furnished; oost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness.
60 rooms; elegantly furnished ; fine location;
clo«e In; new and modern throughout; full and
clearing $250 to $350 .per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face ot mortgage now
on it asked; chance of a lifetime.
80 rooms: part offices; decant new building
and furniture; high-class -location; beautiful
heliR; everything modern; flrst-class grill in
connection; best proposition In city; called
East.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
. 17 rooms; rent only $70; oak furniture; Ax-
rainster carpets; fine location; clears $80; fine
buy. \ . ¦--<-."
8 rocins; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
he had 'by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
28 rooms; oak fur.; velvet carpets; close In;
can be run aa boarding-house if desired; $1800.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 i>er month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $85: well. furnished; all new;
WOO 'down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; only
$1250. •
25 rooms; rent only $60; north Market; all
full; clears $100 per month; price $1SOO; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
106 rooms: new; most elegantly appointed
family hotel in city; all full and clearing $4G0
to $600 per month; books open for Inspection;
obliged to leave city.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture;" good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings;
cle.irinR-.5C0O per ir.cnth: every room full; will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
100 rooms: new and elegantly appointed
ap3rtment-house; bw»I1 location; long lease;
cheap rent; pert cash, . balance made out of
house without interest.
10. rooms: Ellis: newly furnished; -rent $40;
apartments; $200 down, balance $20 per month.
no interest; miiFt be sold on account other
business; price $725. -
HOUSE, IS rms., splendidly furnished and doing
good transient business can be bought at a
great bargain. Apply 506 Parrott building.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. . *
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium; readings daily. $1; de-
veloping class Thursday 8 p. m. 5C2 Eddy at.
EDWARD EARLK. 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
EL1SE BRAUN, renowned psychic. My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. 886 Bush.
MRS. LESTER, 122 Taylor; life reader, busl-
ness medium: read, dally; dr. to-night, 10c.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
3)ate-wrlter. 1112. Eddy st. Phone Scott SS7.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ROBERT A. KELLER,
• THE EMINENT
PALMIST— PSYCHIC— MTSTIC. .
Renowned as the greatest adviser upon Busl-
rers, H faith. Divorce. Marriage and Personal
'Affairs.
Without asking- a question thi» wonderfully
gifted man reads your entire llf e. . f rom • in-
fancy to old a«e, giving names, dates, facts
and figures.
Prof. Keller's vast experience, years of study
and remarkably developed psychic powers.
/make him especially gifted In advising ¦ and
aiding .others. Thousands have been helped
and blessed ¦ through the mysterious agency
that baffles the ablest and wisest. Prominent
people from all uarts of the . world v.ho have
been benefited by his advice and assistance
bear grateful testimony to his ability, j
If you are in doubt, unhappy, unlucky, dis-
couraged, dissatisfied or In 111 health, consult
Prof. Keller, the greatest living psychic palm-
ist, and he will aid you to health, wealth-and
happiness. Entire satisfaction guaranteed or
no pay. Fe« reduced to $1 for this week.
Daily from 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays from
1 to 5 p. m, 454 Geary st. ,
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at once and save $*.
His former $5 readings this week for
$1. $1. $i: $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $L .
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the information for which
you consult him.
(Tou to be full Judge.)
;-_ _ PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered ¦ trance clairvoyant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
Rpad carefully. :, An honest proposition.
- I do hereby, solemnly agree and guarantee
'to make no charge if I fall, to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for: I prom-
ise to tell you if husband wife or sweetheart
.Is true or r false; tell whom > and" when ; you
will marry. In fact. I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than , you can * tell
yourrelf: I restore lost affections.. reunite the-
separated. ; cause happy marriage, make you
successful In life, cure disease and lost vital-
- lty, develoo mediums,' give advice on mines
and _buried treasures and Insure you success
, or charge ncthin- for my services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 2 to 6.
326— O'Farrell st.— 326. ¦
ISMAR, the Egyptian ' gypsy. • clairvoyant and
palmist, ; permanently located at 1104 Market
et.; cor. Turk ; . private readings daily.- 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall -as satlsfac-
. -, tory as In person ; ¦ 3 .'questions answered, $1 :
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
. of birth; don't send currency; send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered. letter.
MRS. BROWN, cla Irvoyant card reader, * re- '
moved from 132 to 23J_ 6th; 1. 25c, g. 50c.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. MONDAY, MARCH 2$, 1904.
11
REAL " ESTATE-—CITV— - FOR, SALE.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES, 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property of buy you a lot;
$3 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots In the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; a!l level, no
grading to do: ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., Room 5.
MUST sell; make an offer: cottage. 5 rocms
at 166 West Park St.; $1500.
$2800 — Cottage. 7 r. ' & b.. new. on West
Park St.; 2 lots on West Park St.. $500 each.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission «t.
$300O — 2 LOTS: Seventeenth St.; 2 frontages:
eell or exchange city property. Bos 413:1,
Call, office.
AT a bargain— 6 modern flats In Mission; will
pay good Interest on capital Invested. Owner,
141 Vlcksburg st. ¦ '
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full coet Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker Building.
LATEST system sanitary plumbing by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 83C Howard.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMKDA REAL ESTATE.
$5250 — A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time; two beautiful up-to-date modern 6-
room flats on Clinton ave.' bay frontage;
beautiful marine view: elegant surf bathing;
bathhouses, etc.: this is a rare chance: don't
overlook It. HAMMOND & HAMMOND, 1422
Park st. ' "
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
PARU, 1216 — 3 upper unfurnished rooms; small
kitchen: newly papered; best location; mod-
«rn: reasonable.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M' NTS
BERKELEY RjBAL JESTATP^^
FOR SALE — Four acres of land in North
Berkeley, one block from Santa Fe road.
For particulars address MRS. H. F.
BEHRENS. 312 South Brown St.. Napa
City. Cal. ¦
A. MURDOCH A CO.. South Berkeley station,
for bargains: we build, buy, sell or exchange.
OAKLAND ADVERTISE3LENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR QUICK. CONSERVATIVE SALES OR
TURCHASES IN HOMES OR INVEST-
MENTS, CASH OR MONTHLY PAYMENTS,
OR EXCHANGES. CALL ON OR WRITE
HARRY L. HOLCOMB, 314 SAN PABLO
AVK., OAKLAND; ALSO HAVE RENTAL
DEPARTMENT; REFERENCE, BANKS
AND MERCHANTS.
BEAUTIFUL Oak-st. home: half block from
local trains; 8 rooms, bath, laundry; all
modern Improvements: house finished in
polished redwood; mirrored mantels, tiled
gratis; parlors, dining-room and vestibule
connected with folding doors; also fine
stable; lot 37:6 by 100; worth $10,000. price
now $6500; party going East. Inquire 1301
Sacramento. St.. S. F-. bet. 10 and 12. 2d flat.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND ROARD.
DESIRABLE sunny rooms and board: homo
cooking. 528 Twenty-second St., near Tele-
• graph ave.. Oakland. ¦
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture H. Schelhaas.llth st..cor.«tore. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments, 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc.; unfurnished or furnished to
order; new house. The St. Charles. 1500
Sacramento et., near Larkln.
BIRCH ave.. 615 — $8; 3 good unfurnished
.rooms for housekeeping. Apply 642 Grove et.
CALIFORNIA. 1502 — Three nicely furnished
front rooms: reasonable.
EDDY, 753 — Parlors and other rooms; new
furnishings; light housekeeping; very reas.
FULTON. 233 — Two connecting housekeeping
roon.s; gas range, grate; no children.
JESSIE. 323 — Sunny room, furnished, house-
keeping, gas. range, sink, closet; $2 75 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.
LARKIN. 418— Sunny housekeeping rooms
and single rooms; large yard.
MARKET, 2174;— Front sunny room; nicely fur-
nished; also housekeeping room; bath; phone.
McALLISTER, 331— Parlor floor; 4 unfurnish-
ed rooms; gas, bath; adults; $26. Before 3.
MINNA. 230 — 3 housekeeping rooms; very de-
sirable; sunny apartments; very cheap rent.
O'FARRELL, 1712 — Entire floor of 4 rooms, or
will subdivide. Phone Geary 1705.
POLK. 1404 — Sunny furnished rooms; single or
housekeeping; gas range, bath; with or with-
out board; rent reasonable.
SUTTER. 1022 >/4, near Hyde^ — 2 large sunny
parlors and kitchen; gas grate, etc.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3387— $12; 2 front house-
keeping rooms: in Mission warm belt.
VAN NESS ave.. 811 — Nicely furnished bed-
room, dining-room and kitchen; private fam-
ily; no Hi ens. . . "
VAN *JESS ave., 92ft— Elegant sunny suite of
3 housekeeping rooms in modern flat.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church eta.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS WAITTED.
WANTED — By a young married couple. 2 part-
ly furnished rooms and kitchen, with gas
range; north of Market st, within 8 blocks
of Call building. Address, stating price, Box
4111. Call.
APAKTMEaTT BOOSES.
A —ST. HTLAIRK APARTMENTS
LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEART.
Will be ready for occupation in a- few
days. Everything new. Make your
. . - reservations now.- Elegantly furnished
apartments with private bath— 2. 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat: electric light; ele-
vator; private phones; rates reasonable.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 15.
1084 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to $10.
Make reservations now. .
8T. CECTLE,. 115 Felt, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection* In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
tric lights, elevator, gas ranges: $30 to $35.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rcoms; also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view: references. Phone East 13.V>.
ROOMS TO^I>ETr^Fj«rn. and Pstfarn.
AURORA. . corner Second and Folsom sts.— New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny: prices from $1 60 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house in
thia vicinity; first-claws grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The .Almonte," 873 Market st. <or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c. 60c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
AVOCA. S37A' Mission St.— Nice single rooms
with electric light; |1 60 per week and up.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (Old'No. 1364)— Fur-
nished ¦ rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLEMENTINA, 680—2 furnished rooms for
¦ light 'housekeeping for man and wife. : ¦
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMIN'GS (The), 618 Post.'nr. Taylor— Just
• opened; desirably located: sunny, single rooms
¦¦'-' and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
" room; - elevator. It Phone East 1317 if^iesired.
FOLSOM.' 776}$— Nicely furnished - sunny hay-
window front rooms suitable for 1 or 2 gents.'
MT«crci.i.A>r:ors for sam: — o««
3^Ac ROLL and ur: fine wall paper; t-ampl-s
mailed; rainting. tinting. » .-•perlr.g. M. MER-
IGAN, 1802 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
HANDSOME coupe; newly painted, new rubber
tires. IUx 4145. Call office.
FINE large double-door ?afe. almost new, with
heavy *teel coin vault. 35t Hayes st.
ELASTIC ttacklnss. ?2. Factory 40 EUU
street. ,
ONE r"Ur fine white diamond ear screws; a
bargain; $275. 10 Sixth st.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and v-rvtches; ,
easy payments. GARIN, bO3 Hayivard bldg. :
! GASOLINE engines bought, fold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co., £11 Beale st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and seconJ-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market rt.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mket.
SLOT machines cheap: Chicagoes Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
! DESKS an-1 safes: see the complete line at lSlfl
[ Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and eecend-hand. E. B. -BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on oecond-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS AVANTS.
WANTED — Small foot lathe; also model
steam engine. 4248 Twenty-sixth st. ; city.
SHOES wanted: misfit & castofC; highest prcs.;
new ic 2d hand choes for sale. 749 Mission.
TILTOJ^rrants good second-hand clothing and
theatr%l goods. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jesftla 2S61.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, seal-
skins and valuables; our fireproof vault Is
protected from burglars by electricity.
Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st. (Pri-
vate offices at 21 Stockton st.; second floor.)
Phone Bush 484..
MONEY loaned free of Interest to parties de-
siring life insurance. United Loan - and
Trust Company, 21 Stockton St., second
floor; phone Bush 4S4.
LIFB insurance policies; loans on same; we
give higher loan values than companies.
United Loan and Trust Company, 21 Stock-
ton Et. (second floor); phone Bush 4S4.
YOUP credit Is good for money at the
UNITED LOAN and TRUST COMPANY,
21 Stockton street (upstairs); If you hold
a salaried position, on your plain note, with-
out mortgage, pledge or lndorser or knowl-
edge, of your friends or employer; lowest rate;
quick service; confidential treatment: call,
write or telephone Bush 484; we are the best
equipped company In the city, with offices
conveniently and centrally located; separate
rooms, arranged so that the strictest privacy
is assured.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.). -
CONTROL $1,000,000.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST 8 PER CENT.
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDFVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-8-8-10-lL CROCKER BUILDING. S. F.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 24 or 3d
Mortgage, on real estat* or
» Chattels, In city,- town • . . —
or country.
Low rate of Interest. |
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
. Box 408. Call Office.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business In
46 principal cltiej. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 68 Doaohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY resoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 2tt Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and preciou3 stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW. easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security ; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prlvacy;no commission; Installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy nt.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned nalarled people on notes without
Indorfer. MORKLL. fiOfl FTwrnlner bulMlng.
MI'SICAL INSTRUMENTS.
Chickering, waluut case, used one year;
Etelnway, ebony ' case, used ¦ two years;
Kr.abe, largest size, fancy walnut; Haines
Bros.. Paul's favorite, a snap; Curtaz, small
size. us<*l IS months; Marshall, fine order,
thoroughly repaired, from $150 up; these in-
struments must ba seen to be appreciated.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.,
Chickering agents.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
$50 up; greatest bargains ever offered In San
Francisco; all makes. We rent upright
pianos lor $2 per month; new at $3 per
month; all money paid applies on purchase.
Heine Piano Co., 230-237 Geary at. Oakland
address 1252 Broadway. '
ONLY piano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
0 months' rant and cartage off purchase
price; Bole agents for McPhall. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will be sold to Day. storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S etorage. 1C36 Market st.
A — UPRIGHT piano for sale on account of de-
parture. Call at 905 Larkin st.
$75; BTEINWAY rosewood; cost $000; for sale
on. $5 installments. 1309 Gough, near Geary.
SMALL planes for small apartments; great
tone; rent or sale. Byron Mauzy, SOS Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHM1TZ &. CO.. 10, McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up. jChickerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger, little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
mogt given away. Hornunc. 216 McAllister.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st. _
SOHMER, Byron Mauzey pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZT. 308-312 Post ft. •,
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FIRST-CLASS location on Ellis st; suitable
" for restaurant. Apply A. B. SMITH CO.,
128-1S2 Ellis st.
SAN%OME, 712 — Handsome, large store, base-
ment,' cheap. LANDRT C. BABIN,. 413
Kearny st. . - ¦;•- r ,
TO let — Office space, shop space. 82 First st.;
ground floor or basement. • '-
PAL313STU Y.
GIPSY MADGE. Palmistry Palace, 405 Third
st.; three experts; palm readings 10c: card
and trance readings given; satisfaction. ¦
MADAM DEVAS,
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEEE3
BUILDING, 133 POST BT.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmlrt. 615';
Taylor «t...ncar Geary. Phone Black 561.
y A PER HAN GIN G. PAINTI X li. ETC.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinTmTT^palntlng
Hartmann Paint Co., 318 Third; tel. Main 413.
AT C. H. IIANS2N & CO.'S 420 Bush st.
Government Work. State of Nevada.
£ ee *1 Special rate fare
Teamsters, laborers, roekmen $2, $2 50
See boss here Ship daily'
French cr German valet for a gentlemen's
club Stto
Waffleman. country , hotel free fare and $15 <
Ass't baker, country hotel, free fare and $15
Ptir.tryman. assist storeroom, country
hotel, free far?? nnd.. $30
Arm Waiter, Ptnte ot Nevada, free fare... $45
Lunohman. $45; oystfrman $45
German blackrmlth helper $30-S3."
Milker. $'M; farmers and milkers $30
Muclier* for tunnel. California, free fare. .$2
C. R HAK8BN & CO 429 Bueh st.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard et.
YOTJNO men. *allors. blacksmiths, carpenters,
green hands, for ship*. Herman's. 27 Steuart.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; S5c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
ALL elze* .men's choes. slightly damaged, half
price. SC3 Mission rt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your *hoe* hslf-*oled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 5*3 Mission tt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITORS WAirrED.
WANTED —
Ladies or gent'emen; guaranteed salary $75
to $1CO per month and expenses, traveling cr
local, and In addition we will pay all your
expenses to St. Leu is Exposition and return;
investigate at ence. Coll at 470 13th »t., r. 7,
Oakland. MRS. SARAH H. MOTT. Manager.
HAIiIijSJMJJCiET^
BOTHWELL BROWNE'S Cosey Comer Hall
can V>e rented for select affairs. 304 Hayes st.
HOUSES A.VD WAGONS.
REGULAR auction sales cf horses, buggies.
wagons and harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at 615 Ellis at.; all horses guaranteed
to be as represented. 8. W ATKINS. Auc-
tioneer. Phone East 743.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m., 327 Blxth st.; every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
$75 — BAT mare; good diiver: also good under
caddie; must be sold at once. Apply to L.
J. MORAN, 2131 Shattuck ave., opposite
Berkeley station.
CARRIAGE horse. 16 hands, weight 1200 1»*..
price $200; carryall, good as new. $75.
butcher wagon, new, $125. Box 4079, Call.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
eeesloB begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Gentle, medium sire work horse;
$45. 17 Woodward st., nr. 13th. Valencia.
ONE 2-#*ated pony buggy, top wagon and busi-
ness buggy for sale cheap. 1504 Folsom st.
WANTED — A good sound horse for a butcher
wagon. Bex 4275, Call.
Dr. J. H. Halton, veterinary rurgeon. Office,
hospital moved S14 Folsom: tel. Jessie 1606.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
aad go-cart for cale. cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assorttnt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. O. H.UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
MCALLISTER. 1269—12 rooms, bath and bll-
liard-room; $C0; water free; modern.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to M. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of JOHN CH. GERMER, No.
126-29ti. Tbe finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— Scotch collie bitch pup; color white,
with sable ears and sable spot on center of
back: answers to name of Queen. Finder
please return to undersigned and receive re-
ward. JOHN J. ROWE. 170S Mission st.
LOST — Wednesday night, on Hyde-st. car, gold
open-face watch, with ribbon and charm at-
tached: name on charm; liberal reward.
Bex 4064. Call.
$100 — REWARD for the return of the dla-
rrond ring taken from the bath room. Olym-
plc Club. Saturday. GEORGE J. PANARIO.
LOST— A larse leather wallet containing pri-
vate pacers. Return to room C30, Palace
Hotel; $5 reward.
LOST — Lady's gold watch; open face; liberal
reward. 1510 Pine St.; no questions.
SMALL brown eatehel. containing gold watch
end small charge. Return 2514 Pine; rewd.
LOST — Small Bible. Tuesday evening, on Third
or Kearny fts. Return to 22 Hampton place.
LOST — Black and tan dog; all tan color. Re-
ward at 1116 Leavenworth at.
LOST — National Union emblem: diamond set-
tlng. Return to 23 Spear St.. S. F.; reward.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sura and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND, ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or write
m'ithout delay; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
A— LADIES, If you are suffering from Irreg-
ularities or any ailment, you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first. My
method of treatment is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee immediate relief from
any cause or make no charges. Advice fre*.
Call or write DR. TYLVESTER. 219 Kearny.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities: instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 100S',.» Market St., opp. 6th.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
. complaints; positively corrected; the 'unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st.
A DESTITUTE women's friend; free secluded
home during confinement; also housekeeping
rooms; Infants adopted in good homes.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 141C 8th St.. Alameda.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10: hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and daring
confinement : beft medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2993 Folsom St., corner
2Gth: ladles, relief or no f'- $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 319 Powell St., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE. -
BOILERS, engines. 3d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay; :
needs no painting or coating; good over old
ir-.n. tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATKKITE ROOFINQ CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pomps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; eee Sunday papers.
IL S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
DESKS and office furniture; $20,000 stock to
be stjd before April 15; this stock can be
bought In large or email lots. T. D. MC-
CARTHY CO., 782 Mission. Phone Bush 4C7.
PAINT your eld and new metal and shlnsla
> roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
' to 6too all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 1428. \
ONE engine and boiler, 100 to 150 horsepower,
second-hand, good condition; also COO-llght
direct current dynamo. Address Krogh Mfg
Co.. 510 Market st.
A— FINE eults. ?7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothinr Parlors. 233 Kearny at.,
near Bush: open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
Cines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Ppear st.
ALTERATION rale— Beet $2 &0 hata, v $1 00.
- Popular Price Hatter. JZO Kearny ct;, near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Panda/* to nocn.
TRY our men's ehoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form fboes at $2 5O; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid. ; catalog frea.
BOOKS bought: libraries purchased. King's
Old Uookstore. Cl McAllister tU - v '
Jl!I_ f *" x "*»-l» M(LK Cn««|.»ti-«1. I
¦;.¦.;. i:;:.tY & hkahy. c:4 and 010 Clay st. '
i'HC>:CC MAIN Ms.
LeaiiTis Ka&taymcnt and Laucr Agents.
we erEAK
1-ALI.AX, GEHMAN. SPANISH,
UUE£K, ntL'NCH. SWISS,
la UM3 we gave Punr.E: !I>04 sya hope
ttO*s> to OOtuOu men. tj increase 6j,wy.
CHENS' FAIMS. FREE FARE.
TO NEVADA STATE.
ir you etay f.;ur months — THAT'S ALL.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
i*»> teamsters . 1 S2 day
1.V,. :;U ; rcr* 52 day
133 ruckmen, drillers *2 5;» to ?U day
t&tgfct lkocra <icy. Irrigation trcrk.
'ii r.i~K- that 1 ., si!. SI FEE— that's all.
. - TO THE MINES.
¦ Cj 'ryicfcitif, ssr.tle er.d double band, $?2 SO
' LO J>J.
' " . ALL OVER CALIFORNIA,
¦'. ARIZONA. C!ose to*Prescott.
810 mites, S» 10.
;• <v:i teamsters. lab-Ters. drillers, etc., S2 to
S3 Jay. . .... ' f
. LJoq'I S^e stingy with your distance — get
ek#er n '.and* of tunfhlne. CENTER OF
: cp.i;at mines.
ARJZOXA-'> ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
. .' "• ai£CHANICALi.
•Ki'-klw b'.ackiTr-.ith. J3 25 day
:i •mach:ni«ta. country }<ib. %1 &o to $3 50 day.
... Kark^rr-.ith. fcar.ufacturing company. $3 day.
i>.arksr-,lth, "country t-hc^, shoe. etc.. $1 GO
¦ stay and fcund.
¦ .. Machinist, country Iron works, $3 50 day.
¦ PJncicFrnith helper, country. ?2 day.
T.'-Rr.rr asd stickor hand. Oppgpn. $3 50 day.
•ruiPtsr ar.d: r>£i>er hanger, city. J3 day.
* tallymen, h-mber company, boss here, $90.
LOOK!
Tnung man. of nee work. city, dairy, $40.
Driver., /wholesale rout*, city dairy. $40 fd.
.Teamster and handy m.-ui, city dairy. $35 fd.
Man., care cf Fta'.Mons, country. ISO found.
. . <~£c»re:ran. Institution. Gerrr.an. boss here,
125 Ana found.
6 !six>rers, ffsndlnavian, lumber company,
¦ t2 25 day.
' ; .. MILKERS.
2« makers, a!l »art» ot Calilornls, $30, $35.
. $.40 -jmd found.
4 butter makers. $40 ar.d found.
12 farm and ranch hanfls. J23. ?2«. 530 fd.
t\xn!lkers, fare paid, north. $3S found.
WOODCHOPPERS. ETC.
123 woodc hoppers, all over State.
. Prettnaker*. rhakemakers. etc.
: . = ' : VALET
Bne« t*r« '8 p. rn., $40 .and found: first-class
rffeirr.ees; exceptionally good Job.
MUftRAT &_ READY. <K4 aad 638 Clay st.
* . ' HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
12 ooc.kf,' different places. $3O to $75 found.
: Cook. 15 ci^n, reneh. $40 and found.
Walter*. : dishwashers, bellboy*, elerater-
b«ys. '.ausdryinen, $15, |2c, $30, $40. $50.
$W fTO.
Nut**, Institution, ,?23 ar.d found.
-. OyrWnr.ec. * 40 f<J: **«>nd cock. $40 f<J.
: Mas es cools, wife as chambermaid. $45 fd.
. Dairyman tni wife. Snnoir.a County.
• •- • LOOK!
• PRTTO .CXEIlK. country. $50 and found.
• -. LOOK!
Leunflrvrasji arfi wife. Institution. $65 fd.
Baker\ institution, country. $50 and found. >
MVRRAT & RKADY,
¦ .^ ¦ - - 634 and 630 Cay rt.
¦ AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY— UPSTAIRS.
14 T-fcird at Phone Bush 405
. ' ! • NEVADA.
Ovvernrr.ent Job. 6 hours.
. 20 tearnrter*. J2 25 a Cay
2« rockroen. $2 60 a day
. ' 2*> laborers, $2 00 a day
SPECIAL CHEAP FARE
K 8 laborers, -city, 9 hours. $2 25 day.
Carj^rstrr. . city.. $3 ?>O a day.
Carp*>nt*r T-oreman. $4 a day.
ORPHXTERS.
4 ' carrerrefp. $3 50 a day
Truck gardener,- $30 and beard
. Boy of. 15 y*>ar* to assist on milk wagon,
$15 and four.d.
rAL/.-JEMP. AGEyCT. 14 8d «.. uprtairs.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOTMENT AGENCT.
' ' S26 Montgomery «. — 526.
• Phonp Maiu 11^1 — I'PFTAIRS.
- 2 tuTinelm^n, ccrhpany work, part free fare,
$.;: 4 -.jearrsfrs (2 hnr*?s>, near city. R. R.
wf.rk. lor.s j^fc; 5 mra to burn charcoal. 20c
sack, ¦.•l.'nj: : J<->h: 3 woodchoppers. Maripo«a
" County ;4 farm fcanfis. near city, $26 and $30
'and found: 2 shoremen, ranches. $20. $25 and
found: gardener, nrivate place, f^* boss here:
• 2 waiter?; rourttry hotel. £rve far». $."55 and
•found: :'sv«ifn>man. country hotel, south. $40
<n<1 fnen^; NEVADA. K hours. GOVERN-
MKXT WilRK. fpeoial cheap fare. 30 tram-
ftTf. laborrh' an* r-w-krnen, $2. $2 125. -FEE $1.
ANI.»Ri:"?. office. 317 Stockton «t. — Man ab-nu
! '.n<f'. wife- cook for hurjting club, north, $50:
; g'-eerih.^ase gardener, commercial place, $35
sn<l. found r FrT.ch b"y, private r'soe. $20;
•. drtv**|and /work in factory, country. $25 and
1'rund; iiUTT* f<">r hospital. $2.*: waffleman,
country hotel. $40; waiter, family hotel. $30; :
c-ok. f>l«in hotel, rear city, $60; Swedish
• : MUfr. f_.Vt. etc.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCT.
!>5 THIRD ST. Telephone Main K521.
. NEVADA ...:.' Government Work
Tv-anmers ....' $2.<X)
V" Laborers „....". $2.00
Ear* .JT.59... Fee $1.00
I 'itch Work ". Eight Hours.
.HORD & FMITH.
• A— CONTR ACTORS' Labor Agency. 635 Wash-
ington et.; fchone Jame« 3301— -Coachman,
city, $40 and found; cook, restaurant. $40
and fcund. fere Jf>c: 4 bcye. fash ar.d door
factory. $1 £5 to $1 50 day; special — Nevada,
Government tittdl work. 8 hour?, laborers $2,
teamsters $2 25. roekmen $2 25 day. CON-
TRACTORS' ¦EMPLOYMENT AND LAEOR
AGENCY.
. A — HOTFX. GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery, r. 12.
Waffietnan, botel, $40. board and room.
A— I> It
Men to learn the barber trade in two mocths
acd .secure good positions; catalogue aad full
infcnr.atTon mailed tree. MOLER System
College. C35 Clay «t.
• WANTED — For IT. S. army. ab!e-bodl€d un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35;
citizens cf United States, of good character
ar.d te»rx>«rate habits, who can speak, read
ar.d m-rite English. For Information apply to
Recruiting Officer. RisJto building. New
Montgomery Ft., fan Francisco, or 1028 Sec-
ond et.. SaCTajBento. -
ANT 5nte;;icent man can make money Jn our
buFin»>«j; no canvassing; s»nd stamped *n-
v^lopc for particulars. At'.as Company, Ala-
ir.eda, Cal.
f FOUR boys to sell Brttt-Corbett pictures.
Room 11. 49 Fourth rt.
BLACKSMITH wanted. C12 Gough «t-
PHOEMAKER wanted. 305 Third «t '.
P.ARREP. wanted— Steady; short hoars. 204
Battery rt.
BAKRER wanted. Park ave., bet. HoIUs and
Kolden, Emeryville, rear race track. • .. a
a7~DIPH WASHER. wanted. 148 Fifth st 3.
COLE.
BOYS for codfishlng at HERMAN'S. 2T Sten-
tJt «t.
WANTED — Helper en br^ad. Ill Larkln at.
BAREEES — 3-chalr shop for eale this week.
CC7 Lajruna st.
WANTED— Several bright boys, 16 to 19
years old. gocd references, to learn a whole-
• .-.<- business: salary $15 per month to begin
with; r^r'y In own handwriting. Box 4112, I
Call office. " ¦•'• :"
WANTED— Laborers end mechanics to know
thm Ed Rolkin, Reno House r-roprletcr, has
edCfd 100 new roorr.s to the Denver House,
37 Third «. ; 250 rooms ; 25c to 50c per night.
•WANTED — M.'.'-hlr.'stP. molders. blacksmiths.
tt-u.TT.sKrf- a-nd -woodworkers to stay away
from Stockton: stride. P. F. Labor Council.
YOUNG rr.nn can earn business or shorthand
course- by Trcrlrlng a few hours dally. S. F.
nu«ir.cs* College. 1236 Market Et. '• . j
V.'ANTKD — M^n and women to Ieem the bar-
ber trp.de la *>i~nt w<-rks. Western College
cr Berbers. <X~ Commercial et.
EOT about 10 years c.T age. with reference.
Apsly S. N. WOOD CO.. 740 Market et..
tailoring fiej-axtrr. or. t.
WANTED— Expenenctd foreman for brass
works *nd foundry. Kor ail particulars ad-
dress box 3 032, Call ctflce. Oakland.
TRT <rar men's ehotm. ur.ion made, at $1 and
$1 Ut pair; foot -form shoes at $2 50; we pay
exprees ta mall charges. 11 3dl «t.. Exam. bid.
COATMAKER Irr country. ..Duly REISS
BROS. <i CO.. 24 Butter st.
WANTED — Bootblack at Arena, Barber Shop
11C1 Jefferson rt.. Oakland.
F<«R.Mile — Fiv«i-chalr barber ehep. Apply 137
_jrlxth *t.
WANTED— Esj"Ji<*nced domestic ralesmsn.
Api>ly betJ 3 ~r.d 11 a. m. at HALE KROS'.
YOUNG p"<n fiauorsj wanted for ttcasr.er*.
23 M^ntrctaery ave.
nTLV taterert Jn barber abop. CH Commer-
cial rt. ...
F Per? ion Atty.. E. A. Ea!!i». r. 4ft. Phclan bldg.
Part Com. Ceo. ll. Tbcmas Post. G. A, K,
Tl_|\|\| 7VK1V ATMPH' MPPfeS! SMi of'- ' \k\ CAVI PDAM/n^s/^. 0 .
¦IMA! V/-\l> 1 v/jFILjfC I ILJJIUI I advertising IS .N OAIN I kAmvJOva/
Black. Albert U Llnde. Chris
Boyd. Catharine B. Maloney. Marjorie A.
Buhlert. Marguerite Martin, Mary E
Cole. Jane Olson. Mrs. Karta
Conrad. Bertha Paull Gustav
. Davis. Earnest A. Schroder CUus
Dohrmann. Wnj. F. Sullivan Margaret
Doran. James Walker " Oscar V.
Dunleavy. Mrs. J. Wilson John
Orunnagle. Oeorge Young." James
Keefe. Joseph •
AHERN— In this city. March 28. 19O4. DanteL
beloved husband of th« late Mary Ahern.
father o f John and Daniel Ahern. brother
of Timothy and . Mrs. Mary A. Ahern. and
uncle of Mrs. Michael Dower and Dennis
and Daniel Ahern a native of the parish of
Noavel.. County. Coflc. Ireland, aged 70 years.
C7*Frienda »r<* acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« runeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from ttw funeral
parlors cf McGinn Bros., 224-228 McAllister
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
¦ solemn requiem mass^wlll be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BIRCH — In Oakland. March 2S. 1904, Leslie,
beloved son of Ella M. Birch, a native of
California, aged Itt years and 7 months.
BLACK— In Oakland. March 27. 1904. Albert
. L.. beloved husband of ' Mary Black, a
native of California aged 31 years 10 months
and 22 days.
BOYD— In this city. March 27, 1904. Catharine
S. Boyd beloved mother of Mrs. P. A.
WUkins -and Mrs. II. L. Van Wyck, a
native of New York.
BUHLERT— In this city. March 28. 1904, Mar-
guerite, yonngest and dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Jean and Mary Buhlert. and lister of
Emlle Buhlert, a native of San Francisco.
aged 9 years and 3 months.
IT7Frieniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 1211 Howard street, near
Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
COLE— In this city. March 23. 1904. at the
residence of her daughter. Mrs. Thomas F.
Burke. 792 Elisabeth street. Jane, dearly be-
loved wife of John Cole, a native of Ireland,
agvd 65 years and 7 months. •
B7Friends of the family are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral Monday, March
2S. at 8:30 o'clock, from 792 Elizabeth street.
thence to St. James Church, Guerrero and
Twenty-third streets, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commends* at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONRAD— In Alameda. March 27. 18O4.
Bertha, wife of William Conrad, and mother
of Fred. Edward. Emily and Annie Conrad, a
native of Prussia, Germany, aged 62 years
and 11 months.
DAVIS— In this city. March 25. 1904. Earnest
A. Davia. beloved son of Mrs. R. Hewitt, and
brother of K. J. and George O. Akin, P. Da-
vis 1 and Ruby Hewitt, a native of Califor-
nia, aged 31 years tt months and 14 days.
C7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 237 Twenty-seventh street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DOHRMANN— In Santa Barbara March 28. t
10C4. William F.. husband of Chrissle Sleb*
Dohrmann. and son of F. W. Dohrmann. a
native of San Francisco, aged 33 years and
11 months.
(E7Notlce of funeral later.
DORAN— In this city. March 28. 1904. James.
beloved husband of the late Mary Dorao,
and father of James EL, Thomaa N. and An-
nie Doran and Mrs. N. Woodbeck. a native
of County Wexford, Ireland, aged 72 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
C7Frlendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:.*U) o'clock, from his lata
residence, 10»)6 Capp street, between Twen-
ty-fifth and Twenty-sixth, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Sr* "V
DUNLEAVY— An anniversary high mass will
b# celebrated for the reposa of »h« soul of
the late Mrs. Johanna Dunleavy at St. Rose'*
Church Wednesday morning. March 30, at
, 9 o'clock. Friends and acquaintances an*
respectfully Invited.
GRUNNAGLE— In this city. March 2«. 1904.
George, beloved husband of Henrietta Grun-
nagle. and father of George L. and Jacob
S. Grunnarle and Mrs. H. M. Owens, a
native of France, aged 76 years 8 months
and 2-S days.
C7 Friends are invited to attend tha
funeral service* Monday. March 28. at 2
o'clock, at Masonic Temple, under auspices
of Starr King Lodge No. 344. F. and A. M.
Interment private. »,^..
KEEFE— In this city. March 27. 1904. Joseph,
dearly beloved eon of John H. and Minnie
Keefe. and brother of Harold Keefe. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 13 years 9
months and 27 days.
ICTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Tuesday. March 29. from
his late resWence. S82O Twenty-first street.
between Castro and Noe. thence to St. James
Church where a solemn requiem high mass
will be offered for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KENGLA— In this city, March 2S, 1904, Dr.
Louis A., beloved husband of Ellen Rose.
Kengla. a native of Washington, D. C, aged
43 years.
t:J" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
KONIG9HOFER — In Tucson. Ariz., March 24.
1904, Anate Konlgshofer. beloved wife of
Julius J. Konlgshofer. mother of Mrs. Jennie
Goldbauzn of Tucson and Leon A. Konlgs-
hofer, and sister of J. A. Sheeran, a native
of Enzland. -
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. March 28, at 1:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 2137 Santa Clara ave. Inter-
ment ortvate.
LINDE— In this city. March 25. 1904. Chris
Llnde. a native of Germany, aged 59 years
and 8 days.
GTFriends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the runeral
parlors of Craig. Cochran & Co.. 429 Gulden
Gate avenue. ¦ under the auspices of San
Francisco Board of Relief. I. O. O. F. Cre-
mation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MALONEY— In this city. March 27. 1904.
Marjorie Ann. beloved daughter of Thomas
and Lena Maloney. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 months.
MARTIN— In this* city. March 27. 1M>4. Mary
Elizabeth, dearly beloved mother of Nellie.
Emma and Frank Martin, and loving aunt
of Thomas. Patrick and Mary Conlan, a
native of Owen Sound. Canada, aged 99
years and 9 months.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8 :3O ' o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy A Co.. 1239 Market street, near
Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's Church, . where,
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing . at
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OLSON— In this city March 27, 1904. Mrs.
Karin Olson, beloved mother of Jonas and
Nets Olson, a native of Bollnas. Sweden,
aged 75 years and 24 days.
PAULI— In Oakland. March 27. 1904. Gustav
Paull, father of G. J. and the late F. C.
Paul! and Emma Meisel. a native of Erfort.
Germany, aged 71 years 8 month* and IS
days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, March 29. at 2 o'clock, at tha
funeral parlors of Durgen & Blaketey. 220O
Shattuck avenue. • Berkeley. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
SCHRODER— InV this city. March 28. 1004.
at his residence. CIS Oough street, between
Grove and Fulton. Claua, dearly beloved
husband of Meta Schroeder. and father ot
Charles J.. Henry C. A. WlUiam. Anna.
Emma. Minnie and Llllie Schroder, a natlva
of Mlhstedt, Hanover, Germany, aged 63
years 10 months and 11 days.
ff7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). Mar#h 29. at 1:30 o'clock, from
St PauluV Evangelical Lutheran Church,
corner Eddy and Oough streets. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
SULLIVAN— In Oakland. Cal.. March 25, 1904,
Margaret Sullivan, beloved wife of Mortimer
Sullivan, and sister of Mrs. Ellen Shellman,
Michael Finlgan and the late Mrs. Ken-
nedy, a native of Craughwell, County Gal-
way, Ireland. . •
C3T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlt?d to attend the funeral on Mon-
day, March 28. 1904. at 9:30 o'clock, from
her latft residence. Thirty-sbtth and Orov«
streets, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a solemn high mass win be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by way of
elect! ic car. on arrival of 12 o'clock creek
boat from Oakland.
WALKER — In this city March 28, 1904. Os-
car V.. beloved husband of Ella J. Walker.
artH father of Mrs. F. W. Henshaw. a native
of Maine, aged C? years 1 month and 12
: days.
C7*n.# tw>":\l will take place to-day
(Monday -t 1:30 o'clock, from her late
refldenc* . .250O Broadway. Interment
private.
WILSON— In the City and County Hospital.
March 27. 19^1 John Wilson, a native of
Maine, aged CO years.
YOUNG— In this city. March -26. 1904. James
Young, a native of Ireland, aged 76 years.
(Belfast papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully requested to attend the runeral at 2
o'clock Tuesday, March 29. from the par-
lors of Martin A Co.. 319 CFarreU stttflt.
Interment Odd r«How** Cwneterr.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfarn.
FOR tingle gentleman, m private homo (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 block* from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624. Call office,
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. Golden Gate ave.— Sunny
furn. froat room: all conveniences; $S-$12.
GEART. 2221 — 4 nlc« rooms. $8.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms S5e
to (1 25 night: $1 60 to $8 wk.t reading-room.
HOWARD. lCSC — 4 nice, large surniy rooms;
rent cheap. ¦-•
JESSIE. 303. east U. S. Mint— Furnished room,
$7; 2 beds. $10 per month.
KEARNY, 5J— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms, suitable for offices.
KEARNY, 417— Fine double sunny front room;
first floor; $10 a month.
LARKIN,. 1025 — Funny front room: privaw
family; gentlemen only; call after 2 p. m.
MARKET. 1235. near Ninth — Front suite of
rooms; suitable for two; light housekeeping.
MINNA, 349 H— Furnished front room for two.
6'FARRELL.2107 — Front suits elegantly furn.;
nl?o one single suitable for 4 gentlemen.
POST 88D near Hyde — Large front furnished
room; bath, gas, running water; 1 or 2 gents.
POST. 412H — Handsomely furnished, sunny,
bay-window parlors; running water; house-
keeping If desired. .' .
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
. lor; rooms. per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $3
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
STOCKTON, 41-45. Stockton St. House— Nicely
furnished sunny front suites; suitable for 2
women; also single rooms, $1 CO, $2, (2 50
week. Phone Black 5291. j,
SUTTER. 361. The Larchmont — New and nice-
ly furnlstied single rooms; also suite, with
bath: reasonable.
SUTTER, 833 — New, well furnished room to
let. 1
THIRD. 354V,— Furnished rooms from Jl 50 to
$2 75 week; light housekeeping.
TURK, 32 — Newiir furnished sunny rooms, an
suite or single; transient; just opened.
TWENTY- SIXTH. 6367 — Front room, gentle-
man; near Mission cars; $5.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market-^400
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to td week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running prater In every
rocm: elevator.read.-raom; tri^bm; baggage.
VAN NES3 ave.. 619 — Elegant front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN WINKLE. 207 Jones— Nicely furnished
rooms. $2; tunny suites. $5 per week; baths.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8. week; elevator;
elec lights; reading-room; free bua; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light In every
room; 15c to $1 a night: 75c to $5 a week;
open all night; convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan St Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until U p. rn.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
edgemerIThoteC
731 Bush st., above Powell; select first-
class residental hotel; elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heated and private exchange telephones in
every room; terms reasonable.
. B. DU CARPE, Prop.
BOARD for the summer In a nice' private
home In San Leandro: one hour's ride to
San Francisco; all the fruit, vegetables, but-
ter, eggs and chickens; home raised: accom-
modations first class and home like; rates
very reasonable. Box 4276, Call.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
HOTEL HATTON. "
877 Pine St., near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites, private baths; all modern conveniences;
American or European plan.
HOWARD, 841A — First-class board with room,
single or double. $4 5O-$5 week; American
family: home cooking: home comforts: piano.
GEARY. 1003 — Sunny, newly furn.. connecting,
parlor floor; suitable for family; with beard.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny rooms:
excellent table; from $40: single $23.
SUNNY front room and board for two. 226
Guerrero at.
WASHINGTON. 1619— Newly furnished sunny
suite; bath; rooms with board. $23. and $30.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, with baths: also single: homelike.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use;
best is cheapest; second-hand, all makes at
any Drlce; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new trinle-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10, $15. $20: second-
hand. $3, $5, $S; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co., 1051 Market st.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
A^E^Sp^RTu^r^torage^Tvan CoTTTurnltureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr.' Third: phone Grant 181.
A — GILBERT & MOORE Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1236Markat, r. 84; tel. South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., Of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 251.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AXP STA^£^!^5k
THE MELBOURNE SCHOOL for the cure of
stuttering and stammering, corner Van Ness
. ave. and Market St.. S. F.. has been estab-
lished In this city for 3 years and shall con-
tinue, for It Is founded on true merit and has
the commendation ot reputable physician*
everywhere. , It teaches a superior system
' and challenges results. No wholesale class
work, but 6 hours' Individual teaching dally,
reducing nervous obstruction to speech anJ
leading to thorough control. - Within reach
of all. Business hours. 1 to 5 p. m.
_. T TPEWniTEHS A S P SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery »t. v
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspee. Co.. 508 Market.
i ¦ ¦ — M — ~*n
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Horn* Build-
Ing Society, Oth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 708 Market st., opposite Third—
For the half year ending 31st ot December.
1903, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON.
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIO. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco. Dividend No. 3 ot three
dollars per chare will be payable at the of-
fice of the corporation. 464 California St.. San
Francisco, April 1, 1904. Transfer books will
¦ close March 24. 1004.
JOHN, D. McKEE. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
* Birth, marriage and death notices cent by
1 mall will not be inserted. They must b» banded
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have tha 'same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
tr++ nf chnrge. • - -¦ - - . .
MARRIED. ~
MISTELE— BENDER— In this city. March 23,
1004. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder Ernest
Mistele and Margaretha Bender.
, - . UiLiU.
Ahern, Daniel Kengla. Dr. Louis A.
1 Birch, Leslie j l\ .. Konlsshofer. Annio
rKKSONALS.^
A tresh. emooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't foi'gtiev the name, M. ELLA'' HARRIS. 1
Tha number, 781 O'Farrell st., near Larkln.
Call or write for book, free,-
"Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take all-
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on installments cheaper than
others do for cash. -LEON LEMOS. merchant
tailor, 1127 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, saops falling.cures dandruff
and} Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
A — ilicrotlne, a positive euro for catarrh, cold
In the head, hay fever, headache and all
' bronrhlal affections ; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TKA MEDICINE CO., 272 9th.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
tkllled specialist from Europe. Apply Ceny-al
I'harmacy, 231 Grunt ave. Worst cases cured.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine' and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
812 Shotwell; consultation free; call or wrltt.
HAIR grov.-n gray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
all blemishes removed; shampooing specialty.
MME. KOUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
SOCIAL dances Wed., Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing, 155t> Market, nr. Larkin.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed liy
elec. needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers. 1170 Mkt.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS &. CO. (inc.), tailors, 729 Market.
Actina restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA Co., 3524 10th, nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 600. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
1 MASQUERADE ' <k>stumes. play books, wigs:
•country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE" suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Up natural color. ?1 : at all druggists'.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEON.^
DR. C C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021t$ Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women..
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st. '
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body: for
. past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C07 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's supplies—
Office D*pot Quartermaster. San Francisco,
Cal., 3C New Monteomery St., March 24,
1904. — Sealed proposals, in triplicate, subject
• to usual conditions, will be received here un-
til lO-o' clock a. m., Fritiay.April 8. 1004. and
then opened tor delivery at San Francisco,
Cal., of hardware, rubber hose, paint, rope,
etc. United States reserves right to accept
or reject any or all bids, or any part thereof.
Information and blank proposals will be
furniohed on application. Envelopes con-
' tninlnir proposals to be marked "Proposal
No. 2283." and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL, Quartermaster, U. S. A., Depot
Quartermaster.
REAL ESTATE — Country— For Sale.
wT^~wiTTm "i
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE*
EXCHANGES.
$15,500—103 acres; all level; 1 mile of town;
Contra Costa County; elegant 0-room house; 2
large barns; 7 loultry houses; 2 large gran-
aries; income about $3000 a year; best ranch
In the county.
$30.000 — Klamath Co., Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on 'S\k Klamath Lake; 300O acres; cut
about J400 tons of hay annually; also large
quantities of grain;, well fenced and cross-
l*nc«d; good 8-room residence; farming Imple-
ments; lo horses; 3 good barns, etc '
510,(tf»0— In Sonoma Co.; SCO acres well fenced
in 3 lltflds; house; 3 large barns; dairy house;
well watered; 200 acres tillable; all level; 24
acres 8-ycar-old orchard; 30 head cattle; 20
hogs; farming implements, etc.; $5000 mort-
gage; trade for bay property. V i
?27,OUO— In Placer Co.. on R. R.— 1680 acres,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
luo head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 good
barns; farming Implements; 00 head cattle; 12
head horses; plenty water to Irrigate; part cash.
$S50O— Scld by order of Superior Court. 10t*0
acres, near Point Arena, 200 acres fine potato
land; apple orchard; 500 acres more could be
planted; 300 acres heavy timber; well im-
proved and fenced: fine dairy or stock ranch.
$5000— Best ranch in Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 sets good Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses: farming tools; outside range.
$8250 — Only 2 miles of town, 155 acres; 10
acres old vineyard; family orchard; (JO acres
clover or alfalfa; under 3 ditches; large new
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows; farming Implements; only
$1000 down.
$2500 — 1U0 acres near boat and cars, Sonoma
Co. ; good 6-rcom bouse; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow. poultry. $200:
Job can be had with the place. •
?-.".0u — Onu mile P. O., schools and stores;
255 acres;. 40 level; 10 could be Irrigated;
house, large barn, outhouses; well fenced and
cross -fenced; 150 hens; new buggy, wagon,
farming tools; some stock; 3 wells; water piped
to buildings; furniture.
$1500 — Two and a half miles live town and
R. II.: 40C acres; 40 in grain on creek; about
100 acres more bottom land; 10 acres full bear-
Ing orchard; balance timbered pasture; bouse,
barn, etc. ; fine place for resort or sanitarium;
not far from city.
$5000 — 3 miles -of Santa Cruz; 47 acres; 18
u tiler cultivation, balance. fine pasture; 365
assorted fruit trees; 1500 grapes; windmill and
tank; water, piped to buildings and yards;
splendid 8-room fhard-flnlshed house, good
stable and poultry houses; span rood horses; 2
cows; 7 dozen hens; single and double buggies
and harness; hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
S2G50 — 1B0 acres, 8 miles of Napa City. 2
miles P. O. ; 30 acres under cultivation; 15
acres full bearlne fruit; 15 acres fine grain;
05 acres .more could.be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky; house, barn, poultry houses.
Incubator, brooders, 2 wagons, 2 carts, horse,
cow, poultry, tools. •
£3000 — 160 acres, at station and near Santa
Cruz; 35 acres clear; orchard: '10- room house;
outbuildings; mortgage. $2000; trade equity.
• $3500 — Near San Jose; 14 acres bearing fruit,
mostly prunes; facilities for irrigation: build-
ings.
$3250—26 acres sandy loam, only 2% miles of
Petaluma; house, 5 rooms and bath; part cash.
$750_Gold mine, with 80-foot shaft and fine
body of ore in sight. El Dorado Co.; assays
$14 a ton; would exchange for vacant lot.
$2500 — CO acres: 5 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
seme steep ; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing; good 7-room house. barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $600 down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$3500— Near ' Petaluma; 13 acres; 6-room
house; good outbuildings; tools; wagon and
horse; 10 poultry houses; 400 hens; '£ incuba-
tors and brooders; a money-maker.
$1600— Close, to Sebastopol: 8 acres. 4 acres
bearing blackberries:, family orchard; good
well; running 'water: fine Jersey cow; spring
wagon; harness; tools; furniture.
$4500— Near Sebastopol; 24 acres; all level;
2 Mowing streams; 6 acres- apples; 3 acres
blackberries; nice 8-room house, barn; drying
pUnt; outbuildings; horses; farming tools; ru-
ral delivery. '>
$2230—10 acres, all in apricots Just com-
mencing to bear; C miles from San Jose; lovely
home; half cash. .
$1700— In Sonoma City: 3^4 acres; all level;
good hcu?«v barn, windmill, tank house; 13
poultry houses and yards: some alfalfa; spring
wagon; 500 chickens; feed house. ..
Send stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE. 2H Montgomery st.. room 5.
, PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
j ¦ — 1 —
FOR sale^ — Country homes in every county In
California, at all prices, from $450 00 to
$75,000 00. Immense list to select. from. If
you want land of any kind call on
HOWE & MERRITT.
052 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE— 135 acres fine virgin redwood and
pine timber near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk Creek Mendoclno County. For full par-
ticulars apply to A. CLOCKERS, -Albion
P. P.. Cal. ' -
FOR sale— $1700;; 160; acres; ranch; 12 mllea
from Redding; well stocked; .fine water, or-
chard, farming - implements, etc. ; great bar-
gain. Address 177« Ninth St., Oakland.
FIFTY-TWO acres, including growing hay.
near R." R. ; Yolo County: cash or exchange
town lot;?2000. S. II. TARR, 217 Parrott
building. ¦, '¦-•.-
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet; It's ' free. 603 J »t.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento.- Cal..
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 643
Market t-V v ¦ . . ___.
S100— 2',i ACRES of choice fruit, table or wine
grape- land: Sacramento' County. Address
box 15. Gait.
FOR Bale, or to ' lease-^-Nearly five acres, crop,"
¦ improvements. Address :H. N. ROYDEN,
223 Main ' st.. San • Mateo. : ¦¦< •? _ . j-and $30 in cash. He did not know
where, how or by whom he had been
robbed. The police have the matter
in hand.
Says He Was Robbed.
Ike Fash, a farmer from Oklahoma,
arrived here four days ago with some
coin and proceeded to see the town.
He became intoxicated and wound up
on the benches in Union Square Park,
where he was found rn a dazed con
dition by Officer Kavanaugh. Fash
complained, when brought to the City
Prison early yesterday morning, that
be had been robbed of a sold watch
Richard Keutscher, a' cook, 33. years
of ace, was arrested about 7 o'clock
yesterday, morning at Sutter and
Franklin streets by Policeman A: L.
Frary and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of petty larceny. The officer
accuses Keutscher of steallnga copy of
The Call, which was booked as evidence
against him. Complaints had been made
by guests at the Hotel -Majestic of
papers, milk" and bread being stolen,
and a watch was kept on the place, re
sulting In Keutscher's arrest. .
Accused of Stealing a Call.
SANTA ROSA. March 27. — The
second mate of the steamer Alcazar
was drowned at Elk last evening
about 8 o'clock. The man lost his
balance and fell into the sea, and be
fore a boat could be lowered to his
assistance he sank from sight. The
night was dark and the water rough,
and the mate was clad In his rubber
coat and boots, which prevented his
remaining above the surface long.
A sailor sprang into a boat, which
was lowered to search for the mate,
but he could not handle the boat
alone and made for the beach, which
he succeeded In reaching;. The
drowned man was a Swede.
Sailor Is Drowned.
Captain F. M. Passow, master of the
big Atlantic steamship New York, who
has been making a tour of the coast
with a party of friends, arrived from
Southern California yesterday after
noon and is at the St. Francis. In his
party are A. T. Yates and wife and L«.
S. -Ward and wife of Rochester, N. Y.,
and Mrs. Richard Hooper of Kingston,
Ont.
Attorney "W.'H. Hatton of Modesto Is
at the Lick. :/
George R. Stewart, a rancher of
Crows Landing. Is at the Lick.
J. Frank Judge, a wealthy mining
man of Salt Lake, is at the Palace.
S. G. Freshman, treasurer of the Sier
ra Railway; is down . from Sonora and
is at the Palace.
Dr. Plnkerton, chief surgeon of the
Oregon Short Line, has been a guest at
the Palace for several days.
Captain John Cross, the projector
of the new electric • line from Napa
to Vallejo, is at the Palace.
PERSONAL.
Prepare for Outing.
The Letter Carriers' Association has
elected the following committee to take
charge of its annual picnic and outing:
T. M. McCarthy, P. J. Whelan,. James
Haedrick, G. H. Richards, H. M.
Locke, J. C. Murphy, t J. A. O'Connell,
P: • J. Buckley, James* H. Smith, E. C.
Heister, H. Logan, "VV7 J. McGraw, P.
J. Noonan and F. McKeever.
Tlnrrnptr* Kxtrnct of Vanilla la the
best, perfectly pure, highly concentrated. •
The Satisfactory Way.
"The pleasure is mine." said the en
gineer, ns he. brought the train into
Chicago on time to the second..
"From San Francisco here the pleas
ure has been mine," said the merchant
to his son. "The 'CALIFORNIA LIM
ITED' is the finest train I have ever
traveled on." - •
MORAL: The Santa Fe is the satis
factory way. If interested ask about it
at 64^1 Market street, San Francisco. •
The residents of the Noe Valley
district are still determined to fight
against the rock crushing menace.
Yesterday afternoon, a mass meeting
of the property owners was held at
Rolando's Hall, Twenty-eighth and
Church . streets, for the purpose of
devising ways and means by which
the crusher may be done away with.
Speeches were made 'by- several
prominent citizens. A representative
of the firm of Gray Brothers, owners
of tne rock crusher, was present and
in behalf of his firm offered to
sprinkle the streets in the vicinity of
the crusher with oil so the residents
of the district would suffer no further
annoyance from dust and dirt. The
citizens refused to agree to any such
compromise and stated that they are
determined to get rid of the obnox
ious rock crusher for good and. all.
CITIZEN'S WILL FIGHT
ROCK CRUSHER JfEXACE
Afternoon session — Instrumental selection.
Professor Richard Youn*: address of welcome.
J. Shaw Gtllesple: music, audience; address.
Mrs. Sarah Seal; music, audience; messages.
Mrs. Jennie Robinson; address, with messages,
Mrs. D. N. Place; duet, vocal. Miss Jessie
Gardiner and J. S. Glllesple; messages. Mrs.
Carrie Wermouth; address, Mrs. Mary A.
"Wells; poem, original. Mrs. Kllzabeth Camp
bell: meFsaees. Mrs. Dora Akers; address. Mrs.
M. S. Phelps; -music, selected. A. S. Howe;
messages. Mrs. M. K. G. Howe; music, audi
ence; messages. Mrs. • Stewart Ellis; music,
audience; messages, Mrs. C. J. Meyers; mes
sages. Mrs. Armanda Smith.
Evening ' session — Instrumental selection.
Fred . Breuner (violin) and Mrs. A. S. Norton
(piano): address. Mrs. R. S. L41Ile; vocal solo.
Misa Jessie Gardiner: trio. Miss Alice Sever
ance. C. H. Wadsworth and J. Koch; address.
Mrs. Addie L.. Ballou: music, audience; ad
dress. J. Stitt Wilson; music, audience; bene
diction. ¦ ¦_ ¦
The convention was presided over in
a highly satisfactory manner by J.
Shaw Gillesple, who delivered an ad
dress of welcome to the resident and
visitirig delegates. Mrs. Anna L. GI1
lespie, who was to have delivered an
address during the evening session, was
confined to her home with illness and
was unable to appear. The main fea
ture of the convention was the address
in the evening of J. Stitt - Wilson, the
well-known socialist, who delivered a
lecture on socialism, its achievements
and Its aims. The lecture received
the closest ' attention from the
audience and the 'speaker was fre
quently applauded. Mrs. R. S. Lillle.
one of the noted workers in the field
of spiritualists, made a forcible de
fense of the doctrine and Mrs. Addle
L. Ballou, who admits to fifty-five
years spent in similar work, spoke in
terestingly for half an hour. Following
was the order of exercises In full: \
The proceedings of the convention
consisted of instrumental and vocal
music, addresses and the receipt of
messages' said to be from spirits by
various mediums, which were delivered
to many in the audience. Particularly
striking in this line was the work of
Mrs. Dora Akers, who gladdened many
hearts by words of comfort she said
came from loved ones long dead.
Despite the Inclement weather Steln
way Hall was comfortably filled yes
terday afternoon and evening at the
two sessions of the fifty-sixth anni
versary of modern spiritualism, which
was held under the auspices of the Cali
fornia State Spiritualists' Association
and the auxiliary societies of San Fran
cisco and Oakland. In the morning a
conference meeting was held in Sun
flower Hall. 305 Larkin street, which
was conducted by Mrs. Sarah Seal.
Good Attendance Greets Fif
ty-Sixth Anniversary Cel
ebrated by State Societies
The management will also look to
the comfort of those behind the foot
lights by refurnishing the dresBing
rooms and providing better heating
facilities, so as to minimize the danger
of the principals and chorus contract
ing colds.
dinance.
When completed the theater will be
one of the safest and most complete in
the city. The entire front of the build
ing is to be torn out and two wide
stairways leading direct from the bal
cony to the street will be constructed.
The main entrance will be forty feet
in width and one of the handsomest. in
the city. By moving the bar and la
dies' parlor into the basement the
seating capacity will be increased 300
seats on the ground floor.'
The plans call for an addition -of 500
Incandescent lights, so arranged as ¦ to
give a brilliant effect, but not dis
tressing to the eye. The house is to
be entirely redecorated and the color
scheme will be in Nile green and gold.
New carpets in cardinal red will' be
laid in the • aisles, boxes and ladies'
parlor. A complete system of fire
flghting apparatus will be installed, in
cluding perforated pipes and auto
matic sprinklers on the stage. The
aisles, entrances and exits will be con
structed to conform to the theater or-
Fischer's Theater is to be entirely
remodeled at an expense of $15,000.
The O'Farrell-street playhouse will be
in darkness for two weeks after the
run of "Kismet."
Front of Building Will Be Torn Out
and Improvements Call for Ex
penditure of $15,000.
FISCHER'S THEATER WILL
BE ENTIRELY REMODELED
SPIRITUALISTS
IN CONVENTION
Wilson Contant, a gripman on a Sac
ramento-street cable car, was serious
ly injured last night In an accident that
came near costing him his life. That
he esoftped being ground to death under
the wheels of his car is considered a
miracle by passengers that witnessed
the accident. Contant was In charge
of the grip on car 520 and was making
an in trip toward the ferry. The misty
rain of the evening had gathered on the
front window of the dummy to such an
extent that It was almost Impossible
for him to see ahead.
While the car was on the down grade
between Gough and Franklin streets
Contant lowered the window and, lean
ing out, started to clean it. Before he
had fairly commenced the work the
small double doors of the dummy
sprang open. Contant's feet were
braced against them and as the doors
burst open the unfortunate grlpman
slipped through them and fell In the
street in front of his car. In falling
Contant grabbed hold of a stanchion
and held on. The fender of the car
kept the man from being run over, but
the dragging over the rough street had
its effect.
Among the passengers on the dummy
were three Japanese who. by their
shouts, informed the conductor, T. J.
Leyhe, of what had occurred. Leyhe
rushed to the front. and, releasing the
grip, stopped the car.
Contant was picked up and cared for
until the patrol from the North End
station arrived and conveyed the in
jured man to the Central Emergency
Hospital.
An examination by Drs. Millar and
Pawlickl showed that Contant had re
ceived a severe fracture of. the hips
and that b/>th ankles and his collar
bone were broken.
The doctors express the opinion that
Contant's injuries are not fatal.
Wilson Con t ant. a Gripman,
j Badly Injured by Being
Dragged in Front of Car
ESCAPES DEATH
BY A MIRACLE
Anna Eva Fay, the woman magi
cian, appeared at the California Thea
ter last night in a series of tests which
she characterizes as "somnolency." A
packed house greeted Miss Fay and
her wonderful mind reading and mag
ical acts created a deep impression on
her audience. Three gentlemen were
called upon the stage In the first part
of the performance to examine the va
rious equipments. The woman magi
cian introduced some wonderful feats,
such as playing various musical in
struments and transforming different
articles while her hands were tied be
hind her back. She then cut herself
loose with a knife borrowed from one
of the spectators.
But the most interesting part of the
performance was the mind reading
test, the last on the programme. Each
person in the audience was requested
to write a question on a piece of paper
and then sign his or" her name. Miss
Fay was. blindfolded and she readily
picked out different persons in the au
dience and answered their questions.
Some of them were very funny and
created a furor of applause and laugh
ter. The Fitzpatrick family and John
Lemuels, a monologist, who appear
with Miss Fay, were very entertain
ing. A series of moving pictures was
shown between acts.
Taffary's dogs are on the list of hold
overs and the little animals perform
with almost human action. Adelina
Roattino and Clara Stevens repeat
their singing and dancing act and are
as popular as they were last week.
The five Mowats, jugglers, do re
markable work at the Orpheum this
week. The quintet give an exhibition
that has never been excelled in this
city and in both single handed and
team work offer more than was ex
pected.
One feature of the show last night
•was the appearance of Jimmie Britt in
the audience. The victor of the last
flstic encounter fought in this city
walked up the center aiBle with his
friends and before he reached his seat
received an ovation. Cheers were
heard from every part of the house
and the popularity of the champion
was apparent. Calls were made for a
speech, bnt Britt refused to make one,
but bowed modestly to his admirers.
Wesson, Walters and Wesson pre
sent a farce, "Hotel Repose." It was
full of action and the plot was good.
Coakley and McBride came second on
the programme and gave the audience
new gags and jokes. Their work was
good and they received much applause.
Mazuz and Mazett, in a sketch, "The
Brakeman and the Tramp," did clever
acrobatic work and the make-up of the
tramp was original and characteristic.
James H. Cullen, known on the bills
as "The Party From the* West," sang
several comic songs/ including paro
dies, and retired with honor.
La Belle Guerrero, assisted by Du
faure Philippe, in pantomine work,
continues in her sketch "The Rose and
the Dagger." Billy Clifford, the
"Broadway Chappy," offers a bunch of
new jokes and songs and is called be
fore the curtain several times.
Vocalist* — Gerald Pchleslnger, Walter Samp
eon. Eugene Kaufman, Albert Schwabacher,
L««ter Guniit. Harry Hllp.
Minstrel overture — Opening chorus, the com
pany; "Navajo," Charles Cooper; "The Malii
of Tlmbuctoo," Gerald M. Schlesinper; "Mozart
Lincoln." "Good-bye Eliza Jane-."" Elkan C.
Gunst; "Dora," Lester Gunst; grand medley,
the company; "Sunday Is My Day," Frsd
Kahn; "My Honeysuckle Girl." Elkan C.
Voorsanger; "Only a 8oldler Boy." Albert E.
Schwabacher; "Any Ra^s," Victor I'ollak;
grand finale, the company.
Part II — Mr. I. Glass presents the spectacle,
"The Dandelion's Escape." a rollicking
rhythm of rot In three detachments. Cast:
Marquis Kato. and how he grew, Jim Schwa
bacher; Count Offhisnutsky. Russian the
Growler. Harry Mack; H. Nelson Hoggenhelm
er, a sweet-voiced tenor, E. J. Sultan; Eva Q.
Smith,- a maid of temperament, Sam Levenson;
Ludovico Jonea. the hero, Waltie Sultan; the
orlrtnal German coon, a Bloom dlspeller, by
himself: Sport, a doe. also by himself; James
Out, the Innkeeper, Walter Levy; Lieutenant
Art Illery. First U. S. Infantry. S. Mlllard
Levenson; Aunty Fatt, trying to jret thin, W.
Sultan; Sadie Plantagenet. a disciple of love,
Walter Levee: Euphrosyne. Singleton, a chan
teuse, Harold L. Mack; Jennie Pew, a church
goer. James Schwabacher: Cora and Se«dy, the
Apple Sisters, Erny Sultan and Woody . Col
man. The chorus: Lewis Arnold, Irvlnn Bibo,
Frederick Brandensteln. Percy L. Davis, Ma
rlon Ellis, R. 1m. Goldman. Maurice Greenberg,
Henri Greensweig, Walter Haas, Walter Hip,
Arthur Hlrsch, Harold Hyman, Leonard Ja
cobl, Leon Juda, Arthur Lebenbaum, G.
Slerve, R. Ransohoff, ; Alfred Saroni; Leo
Bruck, musical director; Jessie' Warren Lll
lenthal Jr., business manager; Fred Kahn. Al
bert Rchwabacher. ¦ Philip Lllienthal Jr.. as
sistants. Stage under the direction of Clar
ence Colman: assistant, Elkan Gunst.
Part I— Minstrels. Interlocutor. Morgan A.
Gunst; Klknn Gunst, Elkan Voorsanjjer. Edgar
Slnshelmcr. Fred Kahn. Charles Cooper, Victor
Pollak.
The amateur minstrel jubilee given
at the Columbia Theater last night for
the benefit of the Emanuel Sisterhood
was a success, and the coffers of that
worthy institution will have to be in
creased to hold the large receipts de
rived therefrom.
The audience, which packed the the
ater, was almost entirely in full even
ing dress and presented a brilliant ap
pearance and bestowed unstinted ap
plause upon the clever young perform
ers, who ranged from about 15 to 18
years of ago.
The minstrel show .opened the first
part. " Seated .upon the stage were 40
aspirants for histrionic fame, arrayed
in faultless tltting tuxedos, faced with
brilliant crimson satin. All were
blacked up except the interlocutor.
The songs were fresh and new and
were sung in snappy style, th« soloists
being supported by a chorus'of well
drilled voices. The jokes all had the
advantage of being free from antiqui
ty. Morgan A. Gunst, as the interloc
utor, showed the ease and self-compos
ure of a professional and kept the show
from lagging for an Instant.
The second part was made up of a
sort of semi-fairy spectacle entitled
"The Dandelion's Escape." described
on the programme as being "a rollick
ing rhythm of rot." The honors of this
portion of the bill fell to Woody Col
man, who is a natural comedian and
entertainer as well as a splendid stage
dancer. In his act Colman had the as
sistance of five stalwart ballet dancers
whose get-ups and wigs were decid
edly reminiscent of the style affected
by Gertie Emerson, late of Fischer's.
The finale act was entitled "The Be
wildered Buttercup," in which Morgan
Gunst and the full company sang "Ma
Curley Headed Baby."
The floral offerings were so numerous
that' it was found Impossible to hand
them over the footlights, so they were
piled up In a pyramid in the foyer.
Following was the programme:
The soloists were Miss Millie Flynn
and Mrs. Max Warshauer, sopranos;
Miss Una Falrweather and Mrs. Nelson
Lawrence, contraltos; Chester Rose
krans and A. G. Davis, tenors; Peter
J. Osken, C. V. Lane and G. S. Wanrell,
bassos.
• The prayer service before and at the
conclusion of the cantata was conduct
ed by the Rev. Dr. O'Mara.
Every afternoon this week there will
be evensong at Trinity at 4:30 o'clock
and Mr. Eaton will direct the soloists
and full choir at a special musical serv
ice at 8 o'clock Wednesday night, when
Stainer's cantata, "The Crucifixion,"
will be given.
The persons in the cantata "Calvary"
are the Apostle John, the Apostle Peter,
Judas Iscariot. Mary, the disciples,
Caiaphas. Philo, Nicodemus, Joseph of
Arimathea, the witnesses, the priests
and the people.
Those among the congregation last
night who have had the rare opportu
nity of hearing - Spohr's work by the
great choirs of the East or abroad
would with full Justice and without
bias place the rendition at Trinity on
equal ground with the best that has
been done vocally or instrumentally for
the composition in other musical cen
ters. ,.v-
Organist Eaton had nine soloists. In
dependent of his large and efficient
choir, and the manner of the rendering
of the solos and choruses was almost
thrilling in effectiveness. And with the
accompaniment of the great organ,
nothing indeed was lost from the su
perb religious work.
"Calvary," by Louis Spohr, was given
fcist night at Trinity Church, Gough
and Bush streets, by the Trinity choir
and under the direction of Louis H.
Eaton, the organist and director.
In spite of the very wet weather a
big assemblage of worshipers ventured
out to render devotion and hear the
marvelously beautiful and interpreta
tive music of a master.
Brilliant Audience Applauds
the Singing and Dancing
of the Talented Amateurs
Anna Eva Fay Entertains a
Big Audience at the Cali
fornia With Her Tests
Stainers"The Crucifixion"
Same Organization Will Be
Heard Wednesday Night in
NINE SOLOISTS ASSIST
MAGICIAN'S WEIRD ACTS
SHOW MARKED "ABILITY
Sons of Prominent Citizens
Give Minstrel Jubilee to
Aid Emanu-El Sisterhood
Sing's Spohr's Great Cantata,
"Calvary,"With Superb Ef
fect,Directed by L.H.Eaton
Orpheum Offers Novelties
and Talent Keceives Warm
Welcome From Audience
TRINITY CHOIR
GIVES CLASSIC
MERRY MAKERS
HELP CHARITY
FIVE JUGGLERS
WIN APPLAUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO , 'CALL, MONDAY. MARCH 2S, 1904.
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
PruceUU. 10c flask. Richard It. Co.. 406 CUy.«
Never ask a man how he makes his
money; you may embarrass him.
Dr. H. "W. Hunsaker has removed his
offices from the Parrott building to
rooms C30 to 634 Starr King building,
121 Geary street. ,»,
12
Colored
Dress Fabrics
This week ws will have another special
ODeninrjofNEW COLORED DRESS GOODS for
Soring wear. We call special attention to the
following new weaves and makes. These are
in all the latest colorings and shades.
tft> 0 00 ( "French Twine Etamlnes," "Wool Batiste,"
thl h ] "Chiffon Voile," "French Wooi Poplins"
VL* H yara ( anl H Strlp ori Fancu Voile."
£t> 0 2*5 ( "Figured Samite," "Fleur de Velour,' 1
ihl A I " Two Tone(1 EtamlDe i" "Crep3 Popline,"
M-^Byani ( /-chiffon Samite" and "Lattice Twine Cloth,"
d> 0 ( " Frencn Etamlnes,' 1 "French Voiles,"
cfll h ) " Pame CreDSS -" "Chirron Voile," "Panns
v+Piyara ( Chlffon n anl "chiffon Cloth,"
it 00 ( " Cre P 3 de Paris," ''French Samite, 11
cfo £- * i"FancD Etamlnes" and "Imported French
M-r^ryara fTweels."
We have also opened up the past week a
large shipment of GENUINE ENGLISH SICIL-
IANS and BRILLIANTINES, in colors, cream
and black. Also a nice line of striped and
melange Alpacas.
W : Prices 5QC to $1,50 card.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
HU 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET. '
Goldberg Bowen & Co.
FOUR QUALITY FOOD STORES
428-432 Pine St, San Francisco, • > - - ;- Telephone Private Exchange V
230-234 Sutter St. " ... '• " 100
2S29 California St. " ; • . • ;• , " West 101
Cor. 13th and Clay St Oakland • • • ' Main 1
To be honest, to be kind, to earn a —^ '
iitlle, to spend a little less— to make f \.
upon the whole a family happier for — J /x^uWS< \
his presence— to renounce when that T _w£ / Js§}^&£g*SK VofLX
shall be necessary and not be em- / fSf jfigwya \>^J\
bittered-to keep "a few friends, but E$&@. liS L<£/
these without capitulation— above all r^t^i f®f _J?jjra «Ey jCQ>^
en the same grim condition to keep <^^ -\ /
Here ia a task for all that a man has \_jN2S^^^/
of fortitude and ddicacy. — /^
Robert Louis Stevens**. *
Quality and Price Sale All the Week
(No Special Sale goods sent C. O. £>.)
HamS-CHd Dominion 18# Table Salt-R. S. V. P. 15
Gumnteed-fefly 16Kc Ib Keep dry-<ion't cake—
EggS-Fresh * dot 46
K0n*C0ffee-«rTy3*«> 20 Reg'ly J Kilo cans 3%c doz *3.7S
Stronf bo«y-Rlc5 ttotftt special 27jc 3.25
T £-_»! anr is 45 p sardines— Judlc— is 8 cans .2o
S eibonlster 2.25 Buckwheat-Pennsylvania 60
btt3dkst^-nct Indntor Bee Ceyion reg'ly 75c— 10 lb sack
PfftS— World brand 20 Olives FarcieS-Teyssonneau 25
nefldoos as Frtpcn peas 2.10 olives stuffed with anchovies 45
nfnf25c-J2.S5dor reg'ly 30c— 55c bottla
Creule Rice 5 lb carton 45 p ur ee de Foies gras 20
Kecly 10c Jb— 10 " " 90 Teyssonneau— reg'ly 25c can
. finest Carolina— cooks white _ ' , m.,:™ n , ns
r*z*-u-~ c«,.~ 07iz Cream of Maize 4 lbs 2o
V>mCKen 3OUp „ m^_ Reg'ly 10c Ib-requires no cooking
SS < £iStSt«s 7^ 3.25 "Scotch OatS-reg'ly I2jc pkg 10
Finnan Haddie—in cans 15 Boned Chicken— R. & R.
Breakfast 4«Ucacy— Neal's— 1.70 Reg'ly sml 35c— *3.75 large 55c $6
ref 1y £Oc-$2.S5 dozen special " 30c- 3.50 tp 50c 5.50
Mince Meat-G. B. & Co. pts 35 Peaches^-Unpeeied 3# lbs 25c
Best Ingredients— qts 65 Reg'ly 10c lb
regry*5c-76cjar Crackers
Baked Beans — Boston 5 «giy «pci
Beoth's-fegny6fc-12$cean 10 g tar ButterS- 15 oz carton 15 10
Flavoring Extract— World brand Salted Wafers
Lfmon, reg'ly 25c J3.50 40c $4.50 Uraham
• special 20c 2.00 30c 3.30 Cocoanut Taffv > 20 15
Vwllh, regl'y 25c 2.75 45c 5.00 llUL ldI1^ f
special 30c 2.25 35c 4.00 rTUlt
Fard Dates-From Arabia 3 lbs 25 Butter Scotch
Choicest Wack variety- reg'ly 12Jc lb '£¦ . ««]»• ... „-
i,. L , , 3 Dncr Ri«?ruit— lb - 1Oc 4 lbs 25
Highland Cream dor 1.25 D1S^ UU 25"box*i.65 i.eo
Unsweetened-reg'lv $1.60 case 4.90 » Uppy " 10c SJ lbs 25c
$5.75 case 4 doz— Evaporated Cand V
Shelled Almonds 45 f r CPrrm int s
Rtg'iy 50c ib- Jordan wintergreen — cn i
Macaroni-Spaghetti 1254 Cr ?, am x ? / at , es f D f 30
La Favorita-French- 3 lbs 35 WalnutS-Bonanzas ) ,
reg'ly 15c— 1 1b pkg Regl'y 40c lb.
Toilet Articles
Talcum Powder— Colgate 15 Farina Cologne-Johann Maria 40
6 Reg'ly 65;— Square bottle
Rose.& Cucumber Jelly ' 15 Hudnut's Tooth Powders
Wright— reg'ly 20c bot " Orris— sea shell— saponaceous— 20
camphorated chalk— reg'ly 25c bot
Medy's Face Cream 35 Melba Soap-American 35
V ee-o-lay-reg'ly 40c here Good dr J Tstock-regMy 50c dor
House Furnishings
Call Bells 25* off Kneading Board
Jingle-electric-strike and tap 18 x 04 jnches-reg'ly 60c 45
Food Choppers small 95 20 x 28 •• special 75c 60
For meat-vegetables- med 1.15 Rolling Pin— reg'ly 20c 15
fruits-nuts— dry bread— crackers— Movfh^ handle
,reg'ly $1.60-$1.75 Movable handle
Christy Mixer -re 2 'i y $1.50 95 Lipped Sauce Pan 35
Three machines in one-Mayonnaise— Gen , uin « Agateware-3 quart—
«gg beater and cream whip re 8 lv 50c
Coal Hod-Galvanized iron 75 Sauce Pan— White enamel 40
Extra heavy— reg'ly $1 3 quart— 8 in. diameter— reg'ly 55c
Coal Shovel— reg'ly 20c 15 Agate Tea Kettle LOO
Cold handle— durable No- 7—5 quart— reg'ly $1.45
Liquor Department
Whisky— Cedar Brook rAff(V1/ . P n p „ ©„
„ <jt do* t t\ C0gnaC-F. O. P-Hennessy-^Xn*
Regl'y $1.50 $15 $6 Keg'ly bot $1.50 doz $15 gal 96
special L15 13 4.50 special 1.15 13 4 50
Whisky— Bull Dog 1.00 VermOUth-French-Noilly Prat & Co.
Rtt ly L85 foil quart— 9 yrs old pts doz qt» doi
Ginger Alf» R*lf«+ «i « Reg'ly 35c $3.75 60c $6.75
sjiitgci Ale— Belfast $1.35 spec i a | 3o c 325 50c 6.00
Cochran & Co.— reg'ly $1.50 dor this price for families only
dierrieS — In Marasquin 45 .... . ....
French-reg'ly 50c quart White Wine— California
Port-California-Extra D „ »*S» «J3" «¦'
s£fi Joe % *f.5O *P« ial 150 2 '*° 55c
First Great Cigar. Sale
This whole week, a big cut on cigars.
No like opportunity has ever been given in San
Francisco. To concentrate on fewer brands is the object.
Not less than ioo .cigars at these prices — assorted if
Hera's a chance to lay in a supply of 500 or 1000
CLEAR HAVANA cigars.
We're so sure of the quality that you may exchange
or get your money back if the cigars do not prove entirely
satisfactory.
. Buy by the box HERE — intelligently.
V: Prictper N«. Price per
El Tclezrafo & .Jg"*^ Flor del Mundo & „,£»»*£,,.,
o v 1 .* « A ~* *-„<* Perlitas 25 $8.00 $6.75
Bachelors 60 $ 9.00 $ 7.80 PuriUn0S Finos 60 9.00 8.40
Panatela Extra 50 10.00 8.50 Delidosos . 50 10.00 8.76
Estonians 100 10.00 -8.50 Bouquets 25 10.00 8.75
50 • ft 00 « 5S Invencibles 25 16.00 14.75
peakers 50 ft.OO 8.25 Mat , nefl #
Diplomatlcos 50 1L00 9.50 Students 25 8.00 6.75
St. Francis 50 11.00 9.00 Panatela Finos 60 9.00 7.7o
Reg'Jia Especial* 60 12.00 10.75 Regalia EspedaU 50 11.00 9.55
Purftanos finos5O 8.00 7.75 jmperWes . .100 12.00 11.00
Senators 25 18.00 16.<X> &e Fino ' S l££ ,f
Puritanos 50 7.50 6.00 • La Vi t I
Capitanos -100 10.00 8.50 (C !oslne Out— °*E * rri«per
Reina Victoria Extra 100 11.00 9.25 Absolute Cost) £ x r «My Una "4<HBi
White Labels 100 10.03 9.50 Earls 50 $9.00 $7720
Dandies 100 7.50 6.25 Union Club Espedals»50 10.00 7.65
Little Ones"., 25 5.00 ""4.25 Monarchs 50 8.$0 6.30
Bull Heads 60 11.00 9.75 fSSSos Extra &0 9.o5 6™
Invendbles 25 10.00 14.25 Demi Vies 100 ,4.60 3.00
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AD VESTISE MENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|IF Chocolales Wi
1 L Bonbons Jl I
I Given Away Free I
I Teas, Coffees, Spices |
I Baking Powder
I It Pays to
I Trade at !
1 Great' Americas Importing Tea Co's "
I Stores
H Kl Market 210 Grant «r. 1419 PeFk
(I 140 Sixth 1319 Derisader* 70S Larkin '
M 475 Haiffht 3006 Sixteenth 855 Hayes 8
H 3235 Mission C21 Montg'y at*. 62 Market «
B 2008 Fillmore 23IS Mission 14S Ninth « I
g 366 Third 2732 Xth 439 Foarth B
|yg.i.'.-»iti?a-p | A.' JJ --' w -7^*"im'«^yqyg| KIT*
— — — — —^— — — — — — __¦
Coughs
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
60c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halprtiner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
|pQ Perfect Fitting faTy
Y Eyeglasses cM*
-j At Moderate Cost (\
V 642 'Market St
BADWAY'S BEADY KEJtfET has stood
unrivaled Lciore the imblic fur lo year* as a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sor* Throats. Influenza. Bron- ¦
ehltls. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally .
for Malaria, and all Bowel Fain. An 4rugxUta.Xj
THERE ISA few
RIGHT WAY and a WRONG WAY jff
y _ -TO BURN GAS-t— -.
sis a < S'iV:?% / / 2s§ ffil mS hA v
A burner with a "5-Foot" • A . burner with av'VFobt"
tip consuming 5 feet of Gas : tip consuming 5 feet of Gas
giving Good light. | giving Poor light. ,
// your Gas Burners are unsatisfactory send word to - the Gas t
Company, addressing, the "Gas Information Bureau" T . .