War News Continued ; on Paje , 4.
Continued on Page 3, Column 1,
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., March 15.—
The formal transfer of the cruiser Med-
Jida to the .Turkish Government was
made to-day when the Turkish flag was
raised oh ! the! warship. . She sailed f o*r
the Dardanelles to-night by way of St.
Thomas.
Turkey's New Cruiser Sails.
NAPA, March 15.— Artfeles of incor
poration of the California Woolen
Mills were tiled in the County Clerk's
»mce to-day. Th<» purpose of the in
corporation is to manufacture and sell
cloth at Napa. The capital stock is
Oxed at $35,000. Of this J20.000 has been
RCtnally subscribed. The directors are
Fred Carter, J. T>. Ladley. Blanche Lad
«y, Elizabeth Ladley and Marrtette
renninss, all of Napa.
Woolen 31111s at Xapa.
HONOLULU, March 15.— It -is not
likely that the contributions from the
Japanese residents in Hawaii will reach
as large an 'amount as was expected.
Up to date the amount received, has
been $8365, f rc/m about 1900 contribu
tors,;making an" average of about $4 40
from each. ,. This average is not likely
to be maintained, as -subsequent con
tributions will come almost exclusively
from laborers. As there are 60.000 to
be heard 'from, and they, may average
£T each.- the. total Hawaiian fuhdinay
not exceed $125,000. % \ -\.
War Contributions From Hawaii.
' MUKDEN. Manchuria, ; March 15. —
The native Governor of KIrin, who was
a fervent adherent of the Russians and
who Is believed to have been murdered,
was buried to-day with. great pomp in
the presence of , the Russian represen
tatives.
KIrin's Governor Probably 3Iurdered.
The . -national societies will have
their headquarters in- the. . building,
and several kindred organizations
have made requisition for accommo
dations therein. It will contain four
or five auditoriums of different sizes,
suitably equipped;for,scientific."meet
ings, lectures and demonstrations, and
rooms for the societies'. libraries.
NEW YORK, March 15. — The offer
of Andrew Carnegie to provide funds
for a union engineering building as a
home for the American Society of
Mechanical Engineers, the American
Institute of Mining Engineers, the
American Institute of Electrical . En
gineers and the Engineers' Club of
New York has been accepted, Car
negie to-day placing at the disposal
of those organizations the sum of
% 1,500,000 for that purpose. The re
cipients have provided a site on West
Thirty-ninth and West Fortieth
streets, between Fifth and Sixth ave
nues, upon which to erect a building,
probably twelve stories in height The
work of building will commence about
July 1. ..
Philanthropist Makes Them Gift of
$1,500,000 for Erection of Mag
nificent Building.
ENGINEERS RECIPIENTS
OF CARNEGIE'S BOUNTY
• SEOUL, March 15. — The Japanese au
thorities; have ordered the newspaper
correspondents, at Pingyang and Anju
to 'return. They also .refuse to honor
the permits formerly given for corre
spondents to accompany" troops to the
front and are holding them at Seoul.
This action is regarded as significant.
The. effect of the Japanese-Korean
protocol has been already felt. It was
learned : to-day that sweeping changes
will be made -in the Korean adminis
tration. Corrupt officials will be cash
iered, cruel punishments will be abol
ished and the postal system will be
extended. A Japanese officer Is about
to be appointed adviser to, the War
Office, and prefects who have kept the
money intended for the peasants in
payment for grain bought for the Jap
anese will be prosecuted.
Great preparations ,are being made
for the reception of Marquis Ito.
hama next Monday. He is traveling
across Canada. He has been in Eng
land and , is accompanied, -by nineteen
Japanese army officers, who are going
home to fight. The Prince is a colonel
in an infantry regiment.
> , . » -
JAPAN RECALLS
CORRESPONDENTS
FROM THE FRONT
VANCOUVER. B. - C, „ March' 15.—
Prince 1 ' Nashirrioto. ' a cousin of the ail-,
kadb, has ; engaged v passage on the Em-'
press of f India, which sails for Yokb-
LONDON, March 16.—The Dally
Express correspondent at Berlin gives
an alleged : Intimation from the Rus-.
slan Embassador there that Vice Ad
miral Makaroff has mined all the coast
of-the peninsula at Port Arthur, the
area of the mines extending three miles
seaward. '
A correspondent:of the Daily Tele
graph*, at Ylhkow says the Japanese
again attacked Port Arthur on March
12. as a. challenge.r to Vice Admiral
Makaroff to come out and fight. Dur
ing the heavy bombardment, the cor
respondent says,5 the Japanese were in
a position of safety from the < fortress.
The^ Russian: casualties amounted- to
300 killed or wounded. • {The correspond-'
ent adds that/ this is authentic.
• ' •' •
Mikado's Nephew Homeward Bound.
A message from Newchwang says a
staff officer of the Russian Red Cross
at Port Arthur has arrived at New
chwang en route to Tientsin to pur
chase supplies. He states that a large
staff, of - nurses - have jj arrived at Port
Arthur. The wounded are progressing
favorably. There is no sickness among
the troops. Many junks and launches
succeed in running the, blockade with
provisions. ;. r. -
MRGE , STAFF, OF NURSES.
damage to the Gold Hill battery were
of Russian make and were captured, by
the Japanese on the transport Man
churia. Russian inscriptions were vis
ible on the fragments.
The bombardment of Sunday did no
damage whatever. The Russians did
not reply. ,.. . iJ'v.
There are .few. Russian soldiers be
tween Newchwang and Port Arthur. .
All women of ill- repute have been
banished from Port Arthur, owing to
Imperative orders from* St. Petersburg.
Only seven foreign women are now. left
in Newchwang. The British* Consul
believes the Japanese will certainly at
tack Newchwang. " '
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1901, by the New York Herald Publlshlns
. Compjmy. ¦ ¦¦¦•-.• '
Three shells struck the Retvizan,
then in the inne"r basin, and* one slight
ly damaged another vessel. One burst
on the Gold Hill j battery' with a tre
mendous noise, raising a column of
black smoke and!! probably exploding
the magazine and: disabling some guns;
but the Gold Hill battery is still effec
tive. All of the other* shells were in
effective. Besides three t civilians killed,
the casualties Included -a few soldiers.
Life at • Port - Arthur • continues as
usual. ':-. The shops are open and the
people are : getting used < to, the, shelling.
I hear that * the shell which killed ;; the
dvUlans and the one 1 which caused the
EXPLOSION' IN BATTERY.
Refugees who left Port Arthur on
Sunday report that little damage was
done by Thursday's bombardment. Out
of more than 200 shells fired, only two
struck the town, one entering. the house
of a prominent lawyer, killing him and
two women. \ r.f.kV$.
CHEFU, March 15.— Russian sources
report the capture on March 13 of
eighteen Japanese spies, dressed as
Chinese laborers, in the village of.
Wanglin, near West' Port Arthur. They
believe these men were landed from the
fleet during Thursday's attack! The
men are being removed to Mukden,
under the Viceroy's order. .'
The Norwegian steamships • Sirstad,
Brand and Argo, detained at Port Ar
thur since the opening of hostilities,
left yesterday under a guarantee not
to call' at any port 'within 1 , three days.
The captains were forced to sign a
sworn declaration not to reveal Ihe
present Russian situation.
YINKOW, March 15.— The Russians,
probably realizing that the Cesarevitch
and the Retvlzan are disabled beyond
further service at sea, have. taken the
forward guns from these vessels and
mounted them at Pigeon Bay.
During last Thursday's bombard
ment Japanese shells very nearly
reached the fleet, many falling into the
basin. Only two fell into the new
town. The Retvizan was not much
further damaged. The Pallada is still
in dock.
LOS ANGELES. March 15. — In some
obscure rooming-house where she
cannot be found. Mrs. Sadie Haywaod
is being held a prisoner by a husband
who has sepnt four years in an insane j
asyium and who has written to her j
mother intimating that he may kill I
his wife unless. she promises to leave !
her paramour and return to live with I
him. The woman disappeared last
Thursday, but it was not until to-day
that it became known that she was
in danger. Where she . Is the police
have been unable to • discover, al
though a dozen or more officers are
searching the rooming-houses and re
sorts of the city for her to-night.
She had separated from her hus
band, A. A. Hay wood, a cement con
tractor, and was living with Andy
Peterson, a laborer. " Her mother. Mrs.
W. I. Gallop, knew of the relations.
The husband had caused her trouble
before, but she did not consider him
dangerous. Thursday she left her
rooms to visit her mother and, from
that, time all trace of her has been
lost. * To-day her mother received two
anonymous letters, one from Haywood
and the other from his wife. The
first- letter states that Mrs. Haywood
is concealed in a place where no per
son can find her and her captor pro
poses to keep her until she promises
to leave Peterson. The writer-inti
mates that he will kill her unless she
makes this promise and says "It is a
matter of life or death with her."
In the other letter Mrs. Haywood
writes her mother that she is kept
bound and locked in a room in a. place
she does, not know where. She says
persons are trying to make her re
nounce Peterson. She says she may
not be able to write again because she
doesinot know what those who have
her a prisoner will do with her.
¦ The police are making every effort
to find the woman. They advance the
theory : that worry and Jealousy have
brought on a recurrence of Hay
wood's insanity and that he .will kill
his wife. Neither of the letters gives
the slightest clew of the whereabouts
of the woman and Haywood has not
been* seen by his associates for nearly
a week.- .
Special Dlsratoh to The Call.
CHICAGO. March 15.— Union work
ers are to have an opportunity to be
come tillers of the soil. E. P. Dwyer,
a Chicago labor organizer, has con
ceived a plan to raise wages in the
great industrial centers. An agricul
tural company has been organized.
Thirty thousand acres of land near
Wellman. Miss., has been secured and
it is the purpose to put 6000 Chicago
unionists and their families on five
acre tracts, each settler to own his
small farm. According to the pro
moters of the scheme five acres and a
cow. with possibly a pig, will support
in comparative comfort, and certainly
in pence* any .strong-limbed union
worker. The property is to be sold
to union members on an easy pay
ment plan arid provision is made for
the return of the investment if, ufter
trying farming, they prefer, the tur
moil and excitement of city life.
"If 10,000 union workers buy farms
in Mississippi," said Dwyer to-day,
"men now forced to be idle can get
work. - The • competition for jobs 'will
¦be reduced and* the law of supply and
demand will force" wages up. The fact
that thousands of idle men can be
found in Chicago at any time' is
proved by the newspapers almost
every day.' It does not make any dif
ference how* many' men* strike — there
are always enough men idle, but will
ins: to work. wh<J are prepared to take
the vacancies, even if some risk Is in
volved." f
Speeial Di^r^tch to The Call
When the House of Commons met
at 2 o'clock this afternoon the me
tropolis was steeped ih its usual mur
ky tranquillity. Scattered throughout
the clubs, hotels and restaurants the
Unionist commoners languidly dis
cussed the v»*ar news and everything
except politl.s. All thought that the
Irish members would take up the
whole of the Parliamentary afternoon
with a verbose discussion ot a quea
tion of but little interest except to the
speakers themselves. In this society
of the luncheon hour hordes of news
boys .suddenly appeared yelling "The
Government defeated."
The early papers only gave the Og-
On the question of Catholic educa
tion Monday night the Nationalists
had voted with the Unionist Govern
ment, but even while doing so they
were planning the downfall of the'
Conservatives. This afternoon the
mine so ingeniously laid was set off
witli a success that thrilled the coun
try. The strategy with which the
whole coup was planned and the
scenes that marked Its culmination
recalled the times when Gladstone and
Parne 11 .waged a titanic struggle In the
same arena.
"Those terrible Irish," as they are
described for the moment by the
Unionists, were entirely responsible
for Balfour's defeat.
STRATEGY WINS.
Premier Balfour regards' it Is one of
the essential principles of his party to
hold on to the reins of the Govern
ment, for the present at any rate.
"What he mav do after Easter still re
mains In doubt. The blow adminis
tered to-day makes the. Premier's task
of holding his party together doubly
difficult and many supporters of the
Government frankly^ said to-night that
they favored an ea'rly dissolution of
Parliament rather than again undergo
the hum Illation* experienced to-day.
LONDON. March 13.— Premier BaJ
four's Government to-day was defeated
in the House of Commons by the com
bined Liberal and Nationalist vote.
This reverse was due to the prohibition
by Wymlham, Secretary for Ireland, of
the teaching of Gaelic in the Junior
grades of the Irish Nationalist schools.
Balfour, although defeated by a ma
jority, on this question, does not re
gaTd the vote as one of want of con
fidence, and he will not resign on this
account. His determination not to re
sign was strengthened by the fact that
shortly after the foregoing defeat ha
was able to secure a majority of 23-
The failure of the Government to
carry the House with it on a question
of purely administrative policy in its
Irish department is generally admitted
to "greatly weaken its already waning
prestige with the country, although it
is not thought probable that any im
mediate dissolvemeat will ensue. In
the House of Commons, to use the
words of a prominent member of the
opposition, "The artillery in the Gov
ernment arsenals would not make them
surrender office."
The entire appropriation named is j
$2,025,000, of -which $500,000 is for
the California site.
This ends the long contest between!
the owners of several ranches in Cal- |
lfernia, which the Nacimiento stood to j
win until very recently. The original j
report of the military commission
distinctly favored Nacimiento and a
bill was prepared and introduced by
Representative Daniels providing for
its selection and appropriating $350,
000 for the purpose. The bill un
doubtedly would have been favorably
reported had not the champions of the
Henry ranch become very active. They i
pointed out that the military commis
sion had not definitely favored Naci
miento, but had recommended a sec
ond investigation _ of several sites •
named in th<» report, looking to the j
hygienic or sanitary conditions per- j
taining to each. This recommenda- |
tion. they said, had not been regarded j
and should it be Nacimiento would j
certainly be turned down.
Accordingly such an investigation
ras called for bv the committee and '
the War Department delegated med- j
leal officer* from the Presidio to in- !
vestSgate and report.
The report filed some weeks ago
was all in favor of the Henry ranch
from the Senators' standpoint- Since ''
that time Senator Perkins and Rep
resentatives Needham and Daniels
have appeared before the committee
*nd urged the selection of a site in
California without regard to any par
ticular location, but suggesting that
the matter of location be left to the
War Department, as they feared that
the confusion arising from conflicting
reports would result in leaving Cali
fornia out altogether. The action of
the military committee is the subject
af peneral congratulation.
' The J. H. Henry ranch is located in
ran Luis Obispo County and embraces
23,113 acres. It, is not directly on the
sea. a range of hills intervening, but
the sea may be readily reached for
target practice. The land Is well wa
tered and varied fn character, offering
<ieal ground for military, maneuvers.
it is also adjacent to a large tract
owned by the Government.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— The
House Committee on Military Affairs
to-day ordered a favorable report
upon the bill prepared by itself, in
which sites for military encampments
end maneuver grounds are definitely
located in the States of Texas, Penn-:
Fjrlvania, . Wisconsin and California.
The California site is designated as
"at or near the J. H. Henry ranch."
Ejecla! Dlrpatch to The Ca!l
CMcagoan's Plan to
Solve the Labor
Problem.
Woman Helpless and
Threatened With .
Death.
Henry Ranch to Be
Coast's Gamp
Ground.
Irish Leaders De
feat the ¦¦-. British
Ministry.
NEWCITWANG, 3Iarch 15.— General Kuropatkiii has telegraphed to Command
er Stoessel at Port Arthur, telling him he must hold Port Arthur at all hazards with
his present force and advising him of the stupendous arrangements he (Kuropatkiii)
is making- to overcome the enemy. Kuropatkiii, like Admiral Marakoff. is a. man of
action and the Russians are putting great faith in him and say his coming will mark
a new era in the Avar; that he will promptly assume the offensive and will sweep the
enemy out of Korea. The commander in chief advises Stoessel that he is forming a
first line of 300,000 men to bear the brunt of of the lighting, while a second line of
200,000 men will protect the communications and prevent the Chinese from assisting
the Japanese.
¦POUT ARTHUR. 3Iarch 15.— All is quiet in the Port Arthur district, and no
news has been received here from the scene of the land operations, where the move
ments of the opposing forces are evidently confined to reconnoissances. Vice Admiral
31 arakoff to-day visited the torpedo-boat destroyers which participated in the tight
with the Japanese on March 10 and warmly thanked the /officers and crew for their
splendid behavior. The admiral distributed decorations. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Arrival of Russian Generalissimo Will Mark
FIVE-ACRE
FARMS FOR
UNION MEN
MADMAN
HOLDS WIFE
PRISONER
LANDING OF THE BATTALION" OF RUSSIAN MARINE ARTILLERY AT PORT ARTHUR.
MILITARY
SITES ARE
SELECTED
HARD BLOW
TO BALFOUR
IN COMMONS
GARRISON ORDERED TO HOLD PORT ARTHUR AT ALL HAZARDS;
KUROPATKIN WILL COMMAND AN ARMY OF HALF-MILLION MEN
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1004.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 107.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TES . TBEATEBS CsS- j^T
Alcasar-^^Par»ifa3> * Jj
California 1 — -The^OJd Wt
-Stream.!***, f^ 3^ «ssJ
Central— "Sham us O'Brien.",
ColTunbii— "The Silver Stlipp**-
C&ntes — "Vaailcviila.- ="
nscHer's-V'Tk*; Zoondcxs?.' w /
liyric Hall— Kate Janls£2v Lec
ture. Matioee,, Bauer-"Coa
etrt. i7+*.-~srr^
Orpheam — Vaudeville. M*tta«e
¦ - To-Day.
TivoU — "Tie Gypsy Baron."
forecast mad© at Saa Fran-
Lboo for thirty hours ending
L&nlffht, SXkrcIi 16:
Saa Franclico and vicinity —
'air Wednesday; light westerly
-laC«. A. G. McADIX,
District Porecaater.
v
1 1 - •
/ T3I2 WEATHXS.
The San Francisco CallCKLINA'. Ohio, March 13. — The Democrats of
the Fourth District to-day renomlnated Harvey
C. Qarber.' for'-.C&ngress. :: Unlnstructed dele
gates were selected •¦' to the St. Louis . conven
tion, v r. ¦;' • ' • "
Scnator "Mltcheirs Daughter Dies.
PORTLAND, Ore., March lS.—A
special to the Telegram from Washing
ton announces the death in New York
of Mrs. Frances H. Griffin, daughter
of Senator Mitchell of State, as
the result 'of an operation. .Mrs. Grif
fin was well known in this State as
the wife of Robert Humboldt, her first
husband, who died several years ago."
Cliarlton to Succeed Fee.
PORTLAND, Or.; March 15. — It is
generally understood that *A. D. Charl
ton, assistant general passenger agent
of the Northern Pacific, will succeed
General Passenger Agent Charles S.
Fee of the same road "when Fee suc
ceeds E. O. McCormick. who has been
appointed assistant traffic director of
the Harriman lines. Charlton is the
oldest assistant general passenger
agent of the line. -
MOJAVE LYNCHING CASE
PROMISES DEVELOPMENTS
Suspects Snid to Have Confessed, Im
plicating, a Number in the
Affair.
BAKERSFIELD, March 15. — It is
quite certain that there are some big
developments in the Mojave lynching
case to-night. District Attorney" Laird,
Sheriff Kelly and the official court re
porter have gone to Mojave, and' it
is known that one orraore of the sus
pects have confessed, fully implicat
ing^ number of persons. Their evi
dence is being taken to-night, but it
Is impossible to get any details from
Mojave, James Cowan,
.William Ckncey and : William O'Neil,
are in the county jail. Several others
.whose names are not, obtainable are
under arrest at Mojave.' They will
probably ;.': be' brought to the county
jail in the. morning..
LOS ANGELES, March 15.— ;George
Hocknell, president of the Hercules
Oil Refining Company and part owner
in several other large business enter
prises in Los Angeles and Southern
California, Is lying at the home of
his ranch foreman at Ontario suffer
ing from a dangerous bullet wolind in
the throat, fired by his own hand with
suicidal intent. While lying on .the
ground at his ranch he pulled a pistol
from his pocket and fired. two bullets
at his head, the first passing through
his hat, failing to injure him; the sec
ond taking effect In his throat and pro
ducing a serious wound. C It is not ex
pected, however, tha-t the shot will
prove fatal. Hocknell has been a suf
ferer from sciatic rheumatism for ten
years and it is thought his continued
ill-health preyed upon his mind and
led to the attempt to end his life.
Hocknell is married and has a wife
and one child living in this city.
George Hockncll Fires Two Bullets
nt Ills Head With Serious
Results.
LOS ANGELES OIL MAN ...
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
SANTA FE IS SUED
BY A COAL COMPANY
Plaintiff Wants Heavy Damages for
Alleged Discrimination In Favor
of Colorado Concern.
LAS VEGAS, N. M., March 15. — One
of the most important civil suits in the
history of this Territory, involving
half a million dollars, has been filed
in the United States court by the
Caledonia Coal Company of Gallup.
The company sues the Atchison, To
peka and Santa Fe Company, the
Santa Fe Pacific Company, the Colo
rado Fuel and Iron Company and the
American Fuel Company for $400,000
damages, $50,000 attorney's fees and
costs for alleged violation of the
United States statute to' protect trade
and commerce aga|nst unlawful
restraints and monopolies and also the
statute regulating interstate commerce
and trade. More specifically, the Santa
Fe is charged with discriminating in
Its rates in favor of the Colorado Fuel
and Iron Company.
Soldiers Start for Home.
WASHINGTON, March 15. — -A
cablegram was received to-day from
General Wade, commanding the Phil
ippine division, saying that the trans
port Sheridan sailed from Manila to
day for San Francisco with 596 en
listed men of the Eleventh Cavalry
and a battalion of the Philippine
scouts, bound for the St. Louis Expo
sition. •"'
Denver Chinese Bury Yuen.
DENVER, Colo., March 15. — Nearly
all the Chinese in this city attended
the funeral of Louie Yuen this afier
noon, public services being held on a
vacant lot. The deceased was a Mason
of high rank, having taken the thirty
third degree. He came to Denver
thirty-five years ago and was the
founder of the local Chinatown.
Construction "Work Suspended.
NEW YORK, March 15.— Support to
the striking mason laborers is being
given by the bricklayers and to-day
the business agents of the bricklayers
were busy throughout the city calling
out those of their men who did not quit
work yesterday. Work on nearly all
of the large buildings in course of con
struction was suspended to-day.
MARX, CARBARN 3IURDERER,
ADDS TO LIST OF CRIMES
Confesses to Having Taken the Lives
of Two Men In a Saloon at
Buffalo.
CHICAGO, March 15.— Gustave Marx,
the carbarn murderer, confessed to two
more crimes to-day.
"Two years ago last July," said
Marx, "I killed two men in a saloon at
Buffalo, N. Y. 'Another man and I
held up the place and killed the bar
tender and a man who tried to get out
of a window."
Age Limit Forces High Naval Official
to Give Up Active Ser
vice.
REAR ADMIRAL O'NEIL
NOW ON RETIRED LIST
WASHINGTON, March 15. — Rear
Admiral Charles O'Nell was retired
to-day on acount of age. He was then
detached from duty as chief of the
Bureau of Ordnance and assigned to
make a personal inspection of the
principal ordnance establishments in
the United States and Europe. He is
authorized to extend his researches to
China and Japan.
Rear, Admiral O'Neill was succeeded
by Rear Admiral George A. Converse
of the bureau' of equipment, whose
place has been taken by Rear Admiral
Henry N. Manney.
LAST KEYSTONE LAID
IN '"'STANFORD "QUAD"
Interesting Ceremonies Mark the
Completion of the Big Univer
sity Structure.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March
15.— Six hundred students arid mem
bers of the facultv gathered at the
southeastern^ corned of the outer quad
rangle this afternoon to witness the
laying, of the last keystone in the
arches of the outer quadrangle. The
event marked the completion of the
main body of the university buildings.
While the ceremonies were conducted
by the. senior class, others than mem
bers of 1904 participated in the* exer
cises. Charles K. Field, '95, of San
Francisco, one of the most prominent
members of Stanford's pioneer class,
represented the alumni.
The exercises began with the singing
of the Stanford anthem, "Hail, Stan
ford, Hail!" after which Rev. D.
Charles' Gardner, university chaplain,
gave the opening prayer. President E.
G. Brua of the senior class In a fdw
well-chosen introductory remarks in
troduced President Jordan, who said
in part: "When first I came here and
there was only a email group of build
ings erected I was told by the people
at Mayfield that there never would be
a university here — that Senator Stan
ford had just put up these buildings
as, a bluff, because he wanted to run
for President. And that was but a few
nionths before .the university opened
its doors. *•
"The university went through many
difficulties in Its early days, but you
have seen it extricated from all these
difficulties and have seen all the build
ings_ put up^'all that remains is to drop
in this keystone to complete the outer
quadrangle.
"When the buildings are completed
then we shall complete, the university.
Many of the departments need flHing
up and new ones will be added.. In
apparatus, libraries and equipment we
shall see this university surpass other
colleges as it has surpassed them in its
buildings;"
Charles K. Field, '95, known to all
Stanford. men and women through his
Stanford verses and stories as "Car
olus Ager,". next addressed the as
semblage. "Ike" Russell, '04, followed
Field, speaking from the standpoint of
a member of the Benior class, which
has seen the outer quadrangle grow
from its inception to its completion.
President Brua of the senior class
and "Ike" Russell assisted In putting
the keystone In its final resting place,
the former closing the ceremonies with
the words, "I pronounce this stone duly
and truly laid."
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
: OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Senator Bard's Bill Providing for
Federal Building at Los Angeles
Is Passed by Senate.
WASHINGTON, March 15.— Senator
Bard's bill providing for a Federal
building at Los Angeles was passed by
the Senate to-day.
Representative Daniels has nomi
nated Richard E. White of Bakersfleld
for a cadetship at Annapolis; alter
nate — Ralph B. Jones of Anaheim and
Roscoe Byrnes of Visalia.
The following postmasters were
commissioned — Cajif ornia — Nathan . A.
Johnson, Craftonyille; Charles A. ,Ca
villa,* La Honda. 1 T: ?5£jf,"
Oregon-— John j. Kenny, Leoha.
Washington — Alfred : S. Hall, Friday
Harbor.
John'N. Force of San Francisco was
appointed assistant surgeon in the
Cozrsfand Geodetic Survey.
RIOTS IN, CHICAjGO.
Striking Employes of American Can
"Company Attack Union Teamsters.
CHICAGO, March 15.— A r series of
riots occurred to-day between striking
employes of the American Can Com
pany and union teamsters,, who had re
fused to quit work in- sympathy with
the strike. The first disturbance oc
curred on the north side of the city at
one of the stables of the can company,
a number of men being injured and two
pickets arrested. Two pickets -were
doing, duty in the neighborhood when,
six teamsters attempted- to leave the
stables with teams. The pickets by
signal summoned twenty helpers. The
drivers were stoned, it is alleged, and
dragged from the wagons, the as
sailants fleeing when a patrol wagon
loaded with policemen arrived.
A. second battle started later at the
company's South Side barn. Escorted
by police," a number of ( wagons suc
ceeded, however, in getting half way to
a railway freight house, followed by
threatening crowds.
At Twenty-sixth street and Went
worth avenue the police charged the
mob that was showering missiles upon
the. drivers. The wagons reached their
destinations after the police had cap
tured four of the rioters. The wagons,
with their escorts, stopped at the Erie
railroad freight house at 'Clark and
Fifteenth streets. Girls in the crowd
tried to cut the harness and prevent
the wagons leaving the freight station.
Three of the teamsters, armed with
long whips and aided by a dozen po
lice officers and detectives, drove back
the throng. Girl strikers tried to per
suade the union freight handlers to re
fuse to handle the goods from the
wagons, but the freight handlers, de
clined to enter the fight.
REMOVES DEPUTY POLICE
COMMISSIONER IUGGERTY
McAdoo Dismisses Lawyer Who Re
fuses to- Resign From Hl3
• Office.
NEW YORK, March 15. — Second
Deputy Police Commissioner Henry
F. Haggerty was removed to-day by
Commissioner McAdoo, as he had re
fused, at Commissioner McAdoo's re
quest, to hand in his resignation. This
leaves but one of McAdoo's deputies.
First DeDUty Comniissioner McAvery,
in office. Third Deputy Commissioner
Cowan resigned last week, giving as a
reason the exacting and uncongenial
nature of the position.
Haggerty is 9 law partner of State
Senator P. H. McCarron, leader of the
Brooklyn Democracy, 'and had charge
of the Police Department In Brooklyn.
Reports that his resignation would be
asked for, both on account of dissatis
faction with the police administration
in Brooklyn, between McCarron and
Leader Charles Murphy of Tammany-
Hall, have been current for some time.
The removal or resignation of First
Deputy McAvery Is now looked for.
• . Commissioner McAdoo said that
Deputy Commissioner «aggerty*s re
moval was because of a difference of
opinion between Haggerty and him
self as to the policy of police govern
ment in Brooklyn.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 15.—
One hundred and ninety thousand coal
miners of Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, West
ern and Central Pennsylvania, Michi
gan, West Virginia and Maryland drop
ped their picks to-day at noon to cast
their ballots on the proposition to ac
cept or refuse the offer of the opera
tors" for a- two years' scale at a reduc
tion of l>% per cent from the present
scale of wages. The voting was don»
by ballot^ the polls being open from 1
o'clock to 6 o'clock this afternoon. The
ballots were in charge of the secre
taries of the local lodges of United
Mine Workers of America, each miner
being handed one favoring acceptance
of the - scale and another favoring its
rejection. The miner voted his prefer
ence, and at 6 o'clock the polls were
closed. The. secretaries will forward
the result to the national headquarters
here and they will be counted Thurs
dayr
Reports have been received here from
about fifty points. In practically all
of them, including towns in Indiana,
Ohio, West Virginia,. Western Pennsyl
vania and Illinois, the sentiment as
voted is heavily in favor of accepting
the scale as offered. ¦ . .
President Mitchell and Secretary
Wilson remained at national headquar
ters to-night to receive; any telegraphic
returns, although they said they had
arranged for none- in a_dvance. "Both
were confident that the miners had
voted In favor of the scale. -"
WASHINGTON, March 15.— During
the discussion of the postofflce appro-,
prlation bill to-day, the recent- report
of the Postoffice Department regarding
Congressional solicitation of clerk hire
allowances and rental of quarters to
the Government;, was : again brought
up. Grlggs of Georgia got into an
argument with Cooper x of Wisconsin aa
to the authorship of the document, and
insisted, over the protest of Cooper,
that it* was prepared under the direc
tion of General Bristow. He defended
the committee, of which he is a mem
ber, in giving publicity to the r&port,
saying that the United States is too
powtfrful and too great to convict any
man by a suppression of the facts. He
said the members of the House, after
threats to "tear ;the roof off the de
partment," had turned tail and stated
that the department should investigate
the Congressmen. . \
Burton of Ohio; delivered' a carefully
prepared speech jj on> the question of In
creases in national expenditures, and
warned the House against extrava
gance.
The right of the President to utilize
the yachts Mayflower and Sylph was
questioned by. Cochran of Missouri,
who argued that there was no author
ity of law for it.
The claim of the letter carriers for
increased pay also was espoused by
Cromer of Indiana. He spoke of the
insufficiency of the pay of the rural
mailorders, and said they should not
be deprived the 'privilege of acting as
agents for newspapers.
Townsend of Michigan gave notice
of an amendment he would offer to the
bill to increase the salaries of rural
free delivery carriers to $800 a year.
He submitted a statement of cost to
which, the carrier was put for the
maintenance of his horses and wagon.
This expense was given as $464 for the
first year and $394 for the second.
After agreeing that general debate
on the bill be limited to five hours, the
House at 5:30 adjourned until to-mor
row.
WASHINGTON, March 15. — The
conduct of General Wood while he was
in Cuba serving as Military Governor
during American occupation was held
up to censure to-day in an executive
session of the Senate lasting two
hours by Senator Blackburn, . one of
the members of the Committee on
Military Affairs, who. joined in the
minority report against the confirma
tion of Wood -to be major general.
The speech of Blackburn is said to
have been one of -the continuous flows
of oratory for which he is famous,
and, though puctuated throughout
with denials and questions from
friends of the nominee, was, it is. said,
a well connected comment on the evi
dence given in the committee hearings.
He did not conclude his remarks and
will have the floor at the next execu
tive session.
The programme as it is now ar
ranged provides that Senator Quarles
shall follow Senator Blackburn in a
speech favoring confirmation, Senator
Teller is to address the Senate in oppo
sition and Senator Foraker is to close
for -General Wood. If no general ap
propriation bills are reported to, the
Senate tt) take the right of way it is
thought now an agreement to vote on
the nomination will be reached this
week.
None of the interruptions of Senator
Blackburn consumed more than five
minutes. Senator Foraker and Sena
tor Alger were the most persistent in
denying statements made by the
speaker and some of the passages at
arms proved interesting.
"CHICAGO, March 15.— Three persons,
two of • them being boys, were killed
and eight others injured to-day by an
explosion of toy pistol caps which com
pletely demolished the two-story, brick
manufacturing plant of ibt€ Chicago
Toy Novelty Company at "Western ave
nue and West Eighteenth street. The
wrecked building caught fire immedi
ately after the explosion and the bodies
of the dead were so badly burned and
mangled that it was impossible to rec
ognize them" except by remnants of
clothing. The building • was occupied
by three firms, employing nearly 100
persons each; It is believed some
others may have been killed, but until
the debris, which is piled fifty feet
high, can be cleared away the exact
number of dead cannot be ascertained.
The known dead:
' HARRY JORDAN.
ALEXANDER WILNSKI.
JOSEPH BENDOWSKY, 14 years
old.
It is not known what caused the
explosion and so far as can be learned
the company had no permit from the
city for the manufacture of explo
sives. The caps were of paper and
contained a composition of chloride of
potash, phosphorus and antimony.
Eeports Eeceived J?rom Yari
| qus Points Indicate That
Xew Bate '..Meets Approval
Friends of the Absent Sol
dier Frequently Interrupt
Kentuckiairs Fiery Speech
Bodies of .Victims So Badly,
Burned That Identifica
tion Is a Difficult Task
Postoffice Appropriation Bill
Causes a Heated ¦ Argu
ment oil Floor- of House
OPEEATOES MAKE OFFEE
COOPEE MAKES TEOTEST
S'TEOXCt DEFENSE MADE
FIEE ADDS TO H0KE0E
Blackburn Holds* Up to Cen
sure Conduct of the Pres
ident's Favorite Officer
Decide by Ballot Whether
They Will Accept Eeduc
tion in the Wage Schedule
Congressman Griggs Claims
Eecent Report Was Pre
pared by Payne's Assistant
Explosion of Toy Pistol
Caps Ends Lives of Three
Persons and Wounds Eight
SAB BRISTOW
IS THE AUTHOR
SENATOR GIVES
WOOD SCORING
KILLED WHILE
AT THEIR WORK
MINERS LEAVE
PICKS TO VOTE
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL', WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1904
2
' To Cure a Gold in One Day.. .
Take' Laxative Bromo : Quinine Tablets. : All
droKglsts refund the money It It falls to cure.'
E. TV, Grove' a Bifnafire Is on each box. 25c. *
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
Liver and Kidneys
It is highly important that these organi
should properly perform their function's^ /
When they don't, what lameness , of th
side and back, what yellowness of the skin
what constipation, bad taste in the mout;.
sick headache, pimples and . blotches, anc -
loss of courage, tell tne Btory. .
, The great alterative and tonic
"B 9 ' ' C4 ' <•"* '' * •" ¦'¦ Vv'e-ri\*-
Gives these organs vigor' and tone for tis
proper performance ol k their functions, aiv
cures all their ordinary ailments. . Take it
ADVERTISEMENT 3.
IS IT CURABLE?
A Question Often Asked by Those Af-
flicted With Piles.
Is a strained joint curable? Is lo-
cal- inflammation curable? Of course,
If properly treated. So is piles.
People often beconfe afflicted with
piles and ask some old "chronic" who
has always persisted in the wrongr
treatment, and naturally he discour-
ages them by telling them that their
case is hopeless. ,1 * - ;
They in turn discourage others, and
thus a disease that can in every case
be cured by careful and skillful hand-
ling is allowed to sap tho energy of
thousands who might free themselves
of the trouble in a few days.
Pyramid Pile Cure will cure the
most aggravated case of hemorrhoids
in an astonishingly short time. It re-
lieves the congested parts, reduces the
tumors instantly no matter how large,
allays the inflammation and stops the
aching or Itching at once.
Thousands who had resorted to ex-
pensive surgical treatment have been
cured by the Pyramid Pile Cure — in a
.number of instances persons who had
i spent months in a hospital under a
pile specialist.
It is a remedy that none need fear
i to apply even to the most aggravated,
swollen and -inflamed, hemorrholdai
tumore.
If you are afflicted with this stub-
born disease you can master it and
master it quickly.
This remedy is no longer an experi-
ment, but a medical certainty, and Is
sold by druggists everywhere for fifty
cents a package. -— -
I Write Pyramid Drug Co.. Marshall.
i Mich., for their free book on the
cause and cure of piles.
DDTTCIICC FOR BAKBEP-S. BA-
¦DilUuilE/O kers. bootblacks, bath-
T **. houses, billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners.
dyers, flour mill*, foundries, laundries. pap«*-
hangers. printers. . painters, shoe factories.
tstUblemen, tar. roofers, tannery tailors, etc ..
. BTTCKAXTASr 3HOS.. . -
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 3t.
HUMAN BAROMETERS
A Rheumatic Mystery
Here are some marvels of medicine!
A dose of Aconite will climax at thr«e
o'clock in the morning.
Aloes will operate at five o clock A. «.
and Sulphur at eleven o"clock.
No matter what time, in the preceding
day. you have taken these med 1C in«.
they will climax at the fixed hours hew
stated and reveal certain symptoms al-
ways. '
How do you account for this.
How account for a Rheumatic per-
son's ability to predict a coming storm
24 hours ahead, by the peculiar ache in
his bones? 1^V» -
Rheumatism Is slmpty Uric Acid in
the blood. Can Uric Acid have its time
limit. like other chemicals, but reflect-
ing: backward like a barometer?
Uric Acid is due to a lack of Alkaline
material In the blood. This Acid absorbs
the debris, or waste malter. of the sye-
tem.
It carries this waste matter into tho
blood, when there are not enough Allta-
line elements (like salt or soda) »o
neutralize the Uric Ac:d. and to free tfce
debris before it reaches the kidneys.
As the blood circulates through the
system, it then deposits small particles
of this waste matter in the Joints and
muscles.
These particles are like granulated
sugar, or sand, and they grind between
the joints and muscles at every- move-
ment. » '
Tbis grinding causes intense pain and
inflammation, frequently. If the disease
be not checked, the inflammation will
cause the Uric particles to be coat«d
with a fleshy cushion, which in time
grows to the joints as well. Then "bony
Joints" and crooked limbs ensue.
The only way to cure Rheumatism Is
to convert the Acid condition of the
blood into an Alkaline. Then to diO-
80lve, and carry away, the deposits tn
Joints and muscles.
Then, to get the digestive organs into
a normal condition, so they will secret*,
without further help, less Acid and
more Alkalines. Upon this condition
depends cure, and the permanence »f
cure. But — it Is useless to kill Rheu-
matism if we also kill the stomach tn
doing so.
Few drugs powerful enough to dJ»-
solve Uric Acid deposits are safe to
taks into the stomach. This Is why
so-called "quick cures" are dangerous.
Rheumatism is slowly acquired, and
so. a cure cannot be expected in a few
> weeks' treatment, and never by external
applications. The first essential in a
Rheumatic cure is safety — the second,
effectiveness — the third, permanence.
In a medical experience of thirty years
I have known but one remedy which
combined these three qualities. It took
nearly ten years of my life to discover
and perfect that remedy.
The chief ingredient I found fn Ger-
many, and to this I added, subtractsd
from, and combined, until I now have a
prescription on which I daily* state for-
tune and repute.
After 2000 test cases I found that "Dr.
Shoop's Rheumatic Cure" succeeded in
39 out of each 40 cases. Then I deciiiod
it was safe to supply it on a month's
trial, at my risk, to Rheumatic sufferers
everywhere.
If It falls, the treatment and s!x brrt-
tles of Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic Cure cc«t
you nbt a farthing, and I bear the whole
cost myself without question.
If it succeeds, the cost to you Is but
$5.50. This is no mere sample proposi-
tion, but a practical guarantee of suc-
cess or no pay. Write me to-day — before
you forget it — for my free Treatise on
Rheumatism.
Address Dr. Shoop, box 2630. Racine.
Wis. Simple cases often yield to one
bottle of Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic Cure.
(Druggists' $1.). But all druggists do
not supply" It on a month's trial. Too
must write to me for that.
DR. JORDAN'S ORCATi
StallSEUH OF ANATOMY^
\ Of The Lar ?" t AMtomicaJ Muieum la the \
V — iJC.u Wor!d - Wcakaesaet or any co«ract«<t A
VbS (Sfi dilelv " p»"l«lv»ly cared fty ths eldest T
O |I3«1 Speo* 11 " «¦ «*« Cous. EsLjftyeus. O
6 n&f* £ OR. JQ3DAM-0ISEASE3 OF ME.H J
\ fS$55a Convolution frre »nd »fiictly prir\t-. \
B I jSVf? fl Traanaeat penoully or b» letter. A A
\ B Jy" Si H JPotttn* Car* in erery easa undertaken. T
A P (I Ills Write for Book. PBJLO^OPBT.f A
? II II H*«BIA6I, MAILBO KISS. (A^
X u ll valuable book for mm) \
V DB. Jur.ni.1 A tO, 1031 M*rk*tSt..S. F. 9
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is the only curt for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at 698 WAIUHT ST..
San Francisco. Cal.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
eSteamera leave Broadway
wharves. Piers 0 and 11.
San Francisco.
For ?Ketchikan. TVran««l.
Juneau. Halnes^ Skagway.
etc.. Alaska — IX a. m.. Mar.
1. «. 11. 1«. 21. 26. 31. APT.
ft. Change to company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Bet-
ltr.gham — 11 a. m.. Mar. 1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 28. 31.
Apr. 5. Change at Seattls to this company' a
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seatu*
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C.
P. Hy.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. ra.. Mar. 3, 11, 17. 23. 29, Apr. 4. Spokan*.
1:30 p. m.. Mar. 2. 8. 14. 20. 28. Apr. 1.
'¦ For Los Antreles (via Port Los Anseles an 1 .
Redondc). San Diego and Santa Barbara'— San-
ta Kosa. Sundays. « a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For I-"s Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. IK-a-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Ilartord (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Huencrne.
Cooa Bay. 0 a. m.. Mar. 8. 1«. 24, Apr. 1.
nonita, 9 a. m.. Mar. 12. 20. 2S. Apr. 5.
For Emenada, MaKdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. I a Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Quaymas (Hex.). 10 a. in.. 7th each.
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right ts reserved to change steamers or saUins
dates.
TICKET OTT1CHS — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market at. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market St.
. C XX. DtTNANN, On»ral Passenger Agent.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
The r*cifle Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
eaJi for and check bairzage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchanga 312. -. ,
O.'J?a. & JV. CO,
OREGON sails March 15, 23. April 7. 17. 27.
May 7 and 17. OEO. W. ELDER sails March
13. 23. Anrll 2. 12. 22. May 2 and 12. Only
¦trainshlp Utfa to POItTLAND. OK., ar.d short
rail lino from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points. Steamer
tlckata Ir.clude berth and niea'a. Steamer sail*
foot of Sr*ar st. at 11 a. m. S. T. BOOTH.
Gen. Art. Pass. Dept.. 1 Monjtom«ry st. ; c.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent Freight Dept.. •*
Montgomery st.
OceaBfc8.s.co.i?«EH€
g s MAR1POSA. for Tahiti. Mch. 18. 11 a. m.
8 S SONOMA, for Honolulu. Kamoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thur.. March 24, 2 p. m.
q a ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Apr. X 11 a. m
ii. S?I£K£LS 4 BS31.C0.. *gS».. HckJt KBci,84 J lvu*A
fj4$t8SfaL32S totillLftt It i.tuXtlt
C037AGNIE 6SKZBAX.E TSARJATLASTIQU5.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVK&PAR13.
SaiUng every Thursday Instead o : *FJ3>&A
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. •~c*5«rj?J r
North River, foot of Morton st.
. First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. (43 and upward. GEN-
E i:al agency for united states an-*
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson buildlajrK
New Tor*. J. F. FXJGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coojt
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and Vallejo St«>iceri.
Steamer GEN. FUISBIS or MOKTICELLO—
0:45 a. m.. ."1:15 and 3:3O p. m.. except !>u:nUy.
Sunday. i):1.1 a. m., S:UO p. ra. L«av* Vall«J>>
. 7 a. ra.. 12:3O and C p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sui.>
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far*. 50 cant*. T«!.
Main IMS. Pier 2. Utssion-sC dock. HATCH
i BROS.
DB. SWAMP-BOOT.
liiDiiiriiir^
JH1LE AND DON'T KNOW IT
f] Mtjjl --:- :|ilf§3| fjlflSj
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will ,Do for YOU. Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible fop more sickness
and suffering than any other disease -therefore, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,'
iauti results arc sure to follow.
Vour other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you arc sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp- Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
os soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help oil the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of hrickdust or sediment in the urine, j
Swarnp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame back, duzi- |
bladder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart J
ftar.ds the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble,
cures of the most distressine cases, skin eruptions from bad blood, neural-
Saairp-Root will set your whole sys- gi2. rheumatism, diabetes, bloating* ir-
tem right and the best proof of this ritability. worn-out feelinz. lack of am-
is a trial. bition, loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
53 cottage ST.. MEi.ROSE, maes. or Bri^ht's disease.
I ** r Sir: . ,. Jan V'^-i 50 *- If your water, when allowed to re-
Ev*r s:nce I was In th* army I had more . J ,. , ', . , u^tti- I««
cr ihm kidney trouble, and within tie past main undisturbed in a glass or bottle tor
>e»r it b?ram«> to *evwe and ccmpiicatr-d that twenty- four hours, forms a sediment or t
I suTerfd «>verythtng art<5 was much alarmed — .- * . /.l^,,^^ it i
rr.y ftreneth and ;x wc-r >u faet leaving me. Settling Or has a ClOUdy appearance. It
I saw an ad v*rt isrf^nent of Swamp-Root and j$ evidence that your kidneys and :
»rote asking fcr advice. I bcran the u«e of u.jj,. „--* imm^Hiatr attr*itinn ¦
ih« mwiidre and rot«i a decided improvement Dladaer neea lmmeaiaie auc.jiion.
after taking Swamp-Root cr.ly a short time. Swamp-Root is' the Rreat discovery of |
I ccrstlnued It* us* and am thar.kful to fay r\_ •tT-*1m»r tri* #>mi*n^nr lriHnev and I
that i am entirely cured and rtrenp. in order Ur - K-ilmer, the eminent Kianey ana j
To *» very sure about this. I had a doctor ex- bladder specialist. riOSpJtalS USC , »t I
S^u^.r^nt^rin^ndid^nli^n with wonderful success in both' slight
i knew that your £wamp-Root is purely v^g- and severe cases. JJoctor5 recommcno
tn a.na recotr.rr.end in* 6waraj>-Root to ail «uf- own families, because they recoRnize
ferer«, I am." Very truly your*. . j n Swamp-Root the greatest and most
L c. kichardson. successful remedy. j
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, is for sale at drug stores the world
jcr.t free by mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two !
yen may test its virtues for such dis- prices— fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
crders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name, Swamp-Root, Dr.
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
to pass your water frequently night and dress Binghamton, N. Y., on every
da}-, smartirp: or irritation in passing, bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly
curing even the most distressing: cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
bles, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle
and a book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The
book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women cured. The value and success of
Swamp-R6ot is so well known that o^r readers are advised to send for a
sample bottle. In sendine vour address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bineham-'
ton, N. Y., be sure to sav vou read this generous offer in the San Fran-
cisco Daily Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
of this offer.
f] fegtj|kg§||[jg|ft Golden State Limited. \
M V bookcase in the obser- ||
11 '*%$} JS. j9Li'' -C-\ I vation car. h
b '&%yLsZ~^v2*\^-\| - Fift y books alt °- i
II P^ fj^f**^*^ '- ~~ L-l. gether — fiction, travel, |j
|| \ CP'^ * T\* r w philosophy; The pop- f|
fi \V \ A \ AT l5 ular monthlies and the p
' I I \ \ \ VNM illustrated weeklies are H
J1 t aS /^>*N y\J\ a ' so on e ' n b ot h g
Ii iP \ lwM*M^ \ ' Iibrary and observation I
h TT J3^A~ *i"'(f? ; So!den State • I.
H " * *» eJ^"**"^^ V ' A P^a!} leaves Saa Franciico, Santa G
[1 Kansas City and Chicago!
r 1 Southern Ro«te— by way of E3 Paw through a land where
if t :, • winter it unknown.
|| V— g£g|SjS|&^a5Sy Tickets, berths and literature at thj» office and at all *
H n7|hf(|TvPninr Southern Pacific ticket office*. ;
f J jrBjO A^Kl Jjjli rap District Passenger Agent, j
H jlSfefr— W~ ->?sS& 623 Market Sc, San Francisco, CaL K
4 : ! _ — t' : . ¦ •'•/•-- -.-•'. '; ';•/- - : ; — y -i-
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
tew 11 This Or 3 ex to Tli* Sea Treno i«co Cr!1 Wit* 75a.
The San Francisco Call,
San Francisco, Cal. I ."
Inclosed herewith- please find 75c. for which send me <»•
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call'* Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily arid Sunday paper, and the additional 35c is
to prepay chipping charges.)
siGNEr ;..........•
STREET ................ ............V......
CITY ....;.....'.W...;.............Iii.. ................ .1—
STATE ... ........./.........,Fifty Years of Medicine.
To celebrate tbe fiftieth anniversary of the
existence ' of - Humphreys' Specifics, the Com
pany i has published a Jubilee ¦ Edition of Dr.
Humphreys' Specific Manual for the adminis
tration oi medicine and the cure of disease.
This book of 114 pages covers a wide scope—
a complete treatise on medicine - In condensed
form. '.„ It Is printed- on highly calendered
rap«r and bound in gray cloth. . Contains a
life-like picture of tfce author. A single copy
will be mailed free on~ application to Humph
reys' ¦ Horn. Med. Co.; N. W. cor. William
ana John . streets, , New York. / .
In the cases of the Savings Bank of
Santa Rosa vs. Georgiana Schell, the
Supreme Court set aside a Judgment
by default in favor of the plaintiff.
The attorney for the defendant asked
for an extension of time to file a brief
and thought that it was granted him.
When he presented his brief he found
judgment had been entered against
his client. The Superior Court de
clined to set aside the judgment, but
that ruling is reversed by the higher
tribunal.
The court yesterday denied the pe
tition of T. K. Vernon for a writ of
mandamus compelling the Board of
Supervisors of San Bernardino Coun
ty to canvass the returns of an elec
tion which was designed to settle the
question as to the incorporation of the
town of Upland. The Supervisors had
called an election and then rescinded
their action. The election was held,
but the Supervisors refused to can
vass the returns.
There seems to be no chance for
James Greer to escape from paying
his divorced wife $25 a month ali
mony according to a Supreme Court
decision rendered yesterday. In an
ticipation of ' divorce proceedings
Greer j deeded his real estate to his
daughter, but did not notify her of
the matter. The Supreme Court holds
that the alimonv must be made a lien
on the real estate. The lower court
decided In favor of the defendant.
Johanna Greer, Georgiann S<hell and
San Bernardino County Super
visors Win Legal Battles.
Counsel for King Leopold in Suit Over
Dowry Blames Princess for
MAITRE DE MOT CHARGES
STEPHANIE WITH SPITE
BRUSSELS, March 15.— Counsel In
the suit brought against King Leopold
by the foreign creditors of Countess
Lonyay. formerly the Crown Princess
Stephanie of Austria,, in which the
Countess figures as a claimant for her
dowry left her under her mother's
will, concluded their pleadings to-day
before the Probate Court. Maltre de
Mot, counsel for- King Leopold, in his
closing address, pointed out that at
tempts had been made to bias public
opinion, against the King by libelous
pamphlets.
"Princess Stephanie," concluded M."
de Mot, "who is responsible for this
suit, .'is,-*. more implacable .than .the
dressmakers.' She. t through her law
yers, came to the courts in order to
repeat the perfidious legends against
her father. Ihope that with the col-,
lapse of her unjust and rash charges
her proceedings will be forgotten and
forgiven." ':„-';/ .
WASHINGTON. March 15.— Senator Tillman's
throat trouble has practically disappeared and
he nas recovered so greatly from his attack of
the crip that It Is expected he will leave the
city for the South not later than the end of the .
week. \
NEW YORK. March 13.— The Grand Duke of
Oldenburg, who arrived last week, on a ftyinaj
visit to the United States, sailed for Europe t&
day on the Kaiaer WUbelm II.
W. A. Small. Accused of Felony Era-
bezziement, Is Arrested by the
New Orleans Police.
Chief Wlttman received a dispatch
from New Orleans yesterday morning
that W. A. Small had been arrested
there. Small «s wanted here on a
charge of felony embezzlement, and
the necessary papers were at once
prepared for his extradition. Police
man John J. Tillman will leave this
morning for Sacramento to get the
papers signed by the Governor and
will then proceed to New Orleans , to
bring Small back. •
The complaining witness against
Small is Mis3 Jessie Sinkie, 912 McAl
lister street. She went with Small to
New York about the. beglnningof the
year and quarreled there with him.
She alleges that he left a note for her
stating that he had taken her dia
mpnds, valued at 51000. before they
left this city and had sold them. There
were five diamonds, and Detectives
Harper .and Armstrong discovered
that Small had sold three of them to
J. Blumquist, 638 Market street, for
5255, giving a bill of sale.
Marysvlllc Grocer Bankrupt.
MARYSVILLE. March 15. — John C.
Lumbard, a retail grocer, assigned this
evening for the benefit of his creditors
to A. W. Lewis Jr. The liabilities are
about 511.000, assets upward of
$10,000. Local creditors hold half of
the Indebtedness and the balance is
due to San Francisco and Sacramento
firms.
RAVENS CONTESTS WIFE'S
ACTION FOR DIVORCE
Survivor or Wreck of the South Port
land Proves lie Is Not a Neglect
, ful Husband.
The divorce suit of Margaret Ravens
against Arthur Ravens was on trial in
Judge Kerrigan's court yesterday. It
is a contested action, Ravens claim-
Ing that Mrs. Ravens' charge that he
neglected her is untrue. He is a sea
faring man and was second mate of
the steamer South Portland when she
was wrecked last year. They .were
married September 11, 1901. Judge
Kerrigan denied her prayer.
A decree of divorce was granted to
Richard E. Callaghan from Rose L.
Callaghari for desertion, Mrs. Cal
laghan being permitted to resume her
maiden name, Quinn. She was al
lowed the custody of their one child.
Judge Hebbard granted a divorce to
Mary A. Beck from Peter A. Beck for
desertion and Judge Murasky. gave
Julia Thornton a divorce from G. H.
Thornton for desertion.
A suit for divorce was filed by Lena
Lubura against John B. j Lubura for
neglecL
The suit for divorce of Minnie Moli
tor against George Molitor, which was
brought in Alameda County, will be
tried here. The papers on transfer
were filed yesterday.
Anna Ronan, wife of Charles A.
Ronan, an employe, of the quarter
master's department of the army, filed
an answer and cross-complaint to his
suit for divorce. . She denies having
been cruel to him and alleges. that he
baa frequently kicked and beaten her.
SUPREME COURT ENDS
INTERESTING DISPUTES
WILL BE BROUGHT BACK
TO STAND HIS TRIAL
Changes on Divisions.
Wanted to Sec St. Lout.
A circular issued by Manager Ag
ler of the Southern Pacific Company
yesterday announces the appointment
of J. F. Shaughnessy, assistant super
intendent of the Salt Lake division,
to succeed W. A. McGovern. who has
been transferred to the Los Angeles
division as assistant to Superintendent
Ingram, vice E. L. Swain, who re
cently resigned. The changes are ef
fecllve at once.
Four small boys. Leary. Fitzgerald.
Roberts and Streethaus. Christian
names missing, all of whom had am
bitions to visit the World's Exposition
at St. Louis, broke away from the
Boys' and Girls' Aid. Society of this
city last Saturday night, and. as they
Thought, headed for St. Louis on foot.
They were evidently poor navigators.
a3 they were caught last Monday. in
the wilds of San Mateo County by the
Sheriff and railroaded home.
Convict Wood's Case Submitted.
PLACE RVILLE, March 15. — The
case against John H. Wood, the
escaped convict, on trial for the mur
der of. J. Festus Rutherford last Au
gust, was submitted to the jury to-day
at 3 o'clock. An hour after retiring
they came into court to have the tes
timony as to the firing of the 30-30
shots repeated to them and again re
tired. The defense during the trial en
deavored to establish an alibi by put
ting on a witness who testified that
Wood was in a different part of the
county three days previous to the day
of the murder at Manzanita Hill.
There can be no verdict now before
to-morrow.
lowed Capitalist's Daughter to
California Is Imprisoned.
PERSISTENT SUITOR
IS DECLARED INSANE
Machinist From Illinois Who Fol-
LOS ANGELES, March 15.— Lucien
W. Perkins, a machinist who escaped
from the State Insane Asylum at El
gin, 111., and followed Miss Cora Auten,
daughter of a Chicago capitalist, across
the continent, in an effort to renew his
unwelcorrie attentions to her, has been
adjudged insane in the probate court
here. Miss. Auten and her father, P.
L. Auten, testified at the trial to Per
kins' insane actions in persistently fol
lowing Miss Auten, and several ex
perts gave evidence as to his deranged
mental condition. The court declared
him insane, but ordered him committed,
pending a Jury trial.
San Jose Lawyer Misting.
SAX .TOPE. March 15. — Charles San
lorne. a young lawyer, -who recently
•;ime here from Wisconsin, has mys-
disappeared and his friends
rear, he has taken his own life, his
inability to secure a practice causing
him to become very despondent. When
Ite disappeared he left all his personal
[^longings in his lodging-house and
iiothing has since been heard of him.
the little slip of paper which is given
to the winning side.
GOVERNMENT BEATEN.
A second later the members who had
crowded in realized that the Govern
ment had been beaten, and then arose
such a cheer as Westminster has not
heard for many a day. The Irish and
Liberal members clambered upon
benches and yelled themselves hoarse,
and for nearly five minutes pandemo
nium reigned. Several times Sir Thom
as Esmonde tried to read out the fig
ures, but his voice was drowned in the
uproar.
Balfour, who had been just in time
to vote for the Government, sat smil
ing grimly. Finally there was com
parative quiet, and Sir Thomas Es
monde read:
"Ayes, 141; noes. 130."
At this the storni of cheering broke
out afresh. The Government was de
feated by eleven votes.
A rush to the lobby followed, and the
members animatedly discussed whether
or not Balfour would resign. The Pre
mier, however, set these doubts at rest
by saying that he saw no reason for
such action. Thanks to the prolonged
exuberance c-f the Irish cheers and the
hectoring of Balfour, the Government
whips got the chance of summoning
their absent supporters and when about
ten minutes later John Redmond moved
to report progress on the ground that
the Government had not a majority
able to transact the business of the
Government the Government secured
a narrow majority of 25. If the divi
sion had occurred a few minutes earlier
the Government inevitably would have
been defeated and compelled to resign.
To avert this old men who had not run
for many a year came rushing into
the House, painfully out of breath.
Sir Thomas Henry Carson had not even
waited to put on' a necktie. By a cu
rious coincidence the only other de
feat suffered by the Unionist party
since Lord Salisbury came Into power
and which endangered the existence of
the Government occurred nearly eight
years ago on Thomas. Esmonde's
amendment to Gerald Balfour's land
purchase bill, when it again fell to the
lot of the present chief whip of the
Irish party to declare the Government
in a minority, which on that occasion
was one of only four votes.
AXXOYIXG v JOKE.
The members of the Government
party and their supporters to-night
profess that they regard to-day's divi
sion more, in the light of a joke than
anything; else, although they admit
that it is a particularly annoying joke,
especially in view of the pending by
election. There is no suggestion of
sharp practice, and even the members
of the Cabinet admit privately ' that
they were woefully outwitted by the
"irrepressible Irish."
Sir Thomas Esmonde, in summing
up the events of one of the most
eventful days in recent English politi
cal history, said:
"To-day's division may be taken as
the handwriting on the wall. Expe
rienced parliamentary hands do not
attach undue importance to it, never
theless it unmistakably foreshadows
an approaching dissolution, which to
some extent it hastens. It is a blow to
the morale of the Government and its
supporters and a corresponding en
couragement to their opponents in
Parliament and in the country. It is
enough to know that the Government
has been effectively reduced, how it
does not matter to inquire. We un
derstand that they are in difficulties in
the House, and we know that they are
not as well qualified as they ,are sup
posed to be to carry on the business of
the country.
"The pendulum is already swinging
toward a Liberal revival, and to-day's
events accelerate that movement.
With one or more adverse divisions in
the House an appeal to the country
becomes inevitable. Of course there is
always a chapter of accidents. In
politics the only thing certain is the
unforeseen — but unless the return of
Joseph Chamberlain brings new vigor
and new cohesion to the Unionist
party their race is well nigh run."
HEAD Or THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT AND LEADERS OF THE IRISH PARTY
WHO SCORED A DECISIVE VICTORY AGAINST HIM ON A VOTE IN THE
HOUSE OF COMMONS.
SUOT BY TAMPERING
WITH GUN'S MUZZLE
Lad Attempts to Withdraw Snow
From His Rifle and Is Fatally
Injured.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 15. — A
special to the Oregonian from Gar
field. Wash., says:
In trying to withdraw some snow
he had got in the muzzle of his rifle,
which he had taken and gone hunt
ing unknown to his parents, the nine
rear-oM son of W. A. Burcher set off
the cocked trigger with his foot and
•lischarged the gun, the bullet coming
out just below the eye. After shoot
ing himself the child walked for a
quarter of a mile to the house with
out assistance. The boy is probably
fatally wounded.
ALCATRAZ SOLDIERS
ARRESTED IX TIBUROX
Army Officer Appears Before Justice
and Pleads for Their
Release.
SAN RAFAEL, March 15.— Last Sun
day fifteen or twenty soldiers from
Angel Island rendezvoused on the
waterfront of TIburon and, as a result
of heavy drinking, there was a general
free-for-all fight. Constable Edwards
attempted to intervene and nearly got
the worst of it. He succeeded, how
ever, in corrallng four of the men, but
later three of the prisoners escaped
him. The citizens were thoroughly in
censed over the conduct of the soldiers
and went before Justice of the Peace
J. H. Pryor in Sausalito and swore out
warrants for their arrest. The military
authorities at first refused to give up
the men.
This afternoon an officer and about
twenty-five soldiers appeared. The
citizens who appeared as witnesses
were unable to identify positively any
one of the soldiers as miscreants. The
captain pleaded for his men and asked
that he be permitted to chastise the
j prisoners, claiming that if they were
I released from the civil authorities the
\ military punishment administered
would he much more severe than any
that Judge Pryor could give them.
Judge Pryor finally decided to allow
this, but admonished the officer that
the county of Marin would permit no
more such acts as had been committed
I by the soldiers.
ures of the voting on division and the
readers were left to guess whether or
not the Government had resigned. A
i wild rush was made for the House of
Commons and many elderly members
ran half a mile or more, while others
drove recklessly to Westminster.
Within the House of Commons itself
a strange scene was being enacted. An
unusually short list of questions had
brought on the business of the day
nearly half an hour ahead of the
usual time. Then .languidly the House
resolved itself Into a committee of
supply to'discuss the vote for Irish ed
ucation, which had already been de
i feated. Profound peace reigned and
i there was not a sign of the coming
' parliamentary storm except to the
few initiated, who keenly watched the
"whispered conference taking place be
tween the Irish whips. John Red
i mond made a complaint about the
! prohibition of Gaelic in the schools.
; but instead of a long speech, which
it would seem that he had prepared,
; judging by the volume of the notes in
his hand, the Irish leader said only a
few words. Wyndham replied with
equal brevity and it was evident he
was saving: himself for a string of pro
tests from the other Irish members.
SQLKMX SILEXCE.
The treasury bench was deserted,
save for the chief secretary for Ireland
and three cf his junior colleagues, and
barely twenty supporters of the Gov
ernment were in their places. Oppo
site was John Morley with Herbert
Gladstone and Richard Knight Caus
ton, the Liberal whips. These sat in
solemn silence on the front bench, with
a sprinkling of Liberals behind them.
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, the
leader of the Liberal party, was ab
sent. Balfour chatted merrily in the
spectators* gallery with a friend. Then
a bolt fell.
No one rose to reply to Wyndham.
the Irish party for once utilizing silence
as its deadliest weapon. Redmond had
said there were to be no speeches and
though the rank and file of the Nation
alists did not know the reason, not
having been admitted to the secret
plan set on foot the previous evening
by their leader and their chief whip,
they obeyed implicitly. Discipline tri
umphed and not one word came from
the Irish members of the benches. The
Liberals, too, sat In silence, though
they were Ignorant of the projected
coup, and without a reply a division
was inevitable. Only then did Wynd
ham and the Government whips realize
how deliberately they had been out
witted.
John Redmond ,and Sir Thomas Es
monde had planr.ed the division for 3
oVlock and the bells therefore clanged
through the House at 2:55. In desper
ation the Government whips sent mes
senger? in cabs and with telegrams and
telephone, but without avail, for when
the tellers reported the clerk of the
House handed Sir Thomas Esmonde
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Social Di^ratch to The Ca'.l
LOS ANGELES. March 15. — For
nearly two weeks a well dressed man
who has proved himself to be an ex
pert thief has been robbing houses in
various sections of the city in " day
light, almost before the eyes of their
owners. He represents himself to be
a Deputy City Assessor and after tak
ing a list of the personal property in
th<s house he visits he has insisted
upon inspecting the premises. It is
during these trips of inspection that
he commits his thefts, which have
r.etted him several hundred dollars.
To-day he received an unexpected
reception at the house of Mrs. J. A.
Smith, Forty-third street and Central
avenue. When he called there Mrs.
Smith recojrnized him from his pub
lished description and refused to ad
mit him. He insisted and she told
him to wait a moment. Then she
went back ar.d secured a revolver and
when she returned to the door the
man tried to brush her aside and en
tor the house. Instantly she covered
him with her revolver and he started
•.» run. To accelerate his speed she
fired a shot at his heels. The shot
.-h roused the neighborhood, but the
thief escaped. At another place to
day the same man demanded $2 poll
tax from a man whom he found sick
in bed. and when he threatened to
Jevy upon tli* bed on which the man
was lying the money was paid. The
pol!c< have been unable to find him.
Social Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES. March 15.— R. C.
Begrgs was sentenced by Superior
Judge Smith to two years in the
San Quentin Penitentiary to-day for
forgery, to which he pleaded guilty,
and although there were a dozen or
more other charges of forgery against
him they were dismissed. Beggs has
been in the penitentiary before. Sev
eral years aio, while he was secretary
of an Oakland street railway company,
he stole about 511,000 in cash one day
when the employes of the company
were about to be paid. With the as
sistance' of another man he got away
with the cash. /He was captured later
in the northern part of the State and
sentenced to nine years in San Quen
tan, but was \ pardoned by Governor
Markham. His partner in crime, who
was less guilty than he, served his full
sentence. Later Beggs was connected
with a Contra Costa laundry and was
driven out of one of the smaller towns
in that county. He came here about
a year ago and last December cashed
twenty or more forged checks and was
caught in the act of cashing one of
them.
Scoundrel Buns Away and
She Accelerates His Speed
by a Shot at His Heels
Eeleased Him
"Governor
Prisoner Once Convicted of
Stealing in Oakland, but
MADAME USES EEVOLYER
ONE OFFENSE PAEDONED
Bascal Who Works Tax Dep
uty Game in Los Angeles
Visits the Wrong House
Judge Smith of Los Angeles
Sentences H. C. Beggs to
State Prison for Forgery
WOMAN PUTS
THIEF TO ROUT
TWICE JAILED
FOR STEALING
THE SAN FRANCISCO i CALL', WEDNESDAY, MARCH • 16/ 1901.
DEFEAT OF BALFOUR IN BRITISH HOUSE OF COMMONS
PLACES PRESENT MINISTRY IN A PERILOUS POSITION
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ is her nature to love
Ga^S ffl (&j& M M & §a £M M &c3 o& 112^ it is to love the
pure. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother must
pass, however, is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger,
that the very >thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror.
There is no necessity for the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming evenf that it is safely passed without any danger. This
great and wonderful
remedy is always BAMS'^bo^jAB fj
appliedexternally.and BwBrB jUgHW Jr8 ff^Sk B&
has carried thousands B WB QJ? mB B *&&& *£P
of women through m
the trying crisis without suffering. MSr^ mtm m ¦p_«m jmifjf
Send for trta boofc eon latning loformatloa JUmV iSHm MS /Brim J8yT»
of prieelMs Talce to all expectant mother*. JSf Em mm mi^mm Bi JBf Iff /BW
Tbe Bradfleld . R«so!tttr Co.. Atlanta, 6a. *" m m r • ' • fm
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TOOK A STRAW VOTE.
Interesting Experiment in a Restau- '
rant.
An advertising apent. representing a i
prominent New York magazine, while •
on a recent Western trip, was dining |
" one evening in a Pittsburg restaurant, j
While waiting for his order he i
glanced over his newspaper and no- I
'ticed the advertisement of a well- i
k:iou-n dyspepsia preparation, Stuart's j
Dyspepsia Tablets. As he himself ;
a regular user of the tablets, he began j
speculating as to how many of the
other tra.velin? men in the dining- \
room were also friends of the popular
remedy for indigestion.
He says: 1 counted twenty-three
men at the tables, and in the hotel of-
fice I took the trouble to interview ;
them and was surprised to learn that
nine of the twenty-three made a prac-
tice of taking one or two of Stuart's
. Dysi>epsia Tablets after each meal,
k One of them told me he had suf-
* fered so much from stomach trouble
that at one time he had been obliged
to quit the road, but since using
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets had been
entirely free from indigestion, but he
continued their use, especially while
traveling; on account of irregularly
of meals and because, like a.11 travel-
ing fnen, he was often obliged to eat
what he could get and not always
•what he wanted.
Another, who looked the Dicture of
health, said he never ate a meal with-
out taking a Stuart Tablet afterward
because he could eat what he pleased
and when he pleased without fear of
a sleepless r.ight or any other trouble.
Still another used them because he
was subject to gas on stomach, caus-
ing pressure on heart and lungs,
yhortnes3 of breath and distress in
rhest, which he no longer experienced
pine*? nsing the tablets regularly.
Another claimed that Stuart's Dys-
j "jjsia Tablets v.as the only safe
remedy he has ever found for sour
tomach and acidity. He had former-
ly i:sed common soda to relieve the
trouble, but the tablets were much
better and safer to use.
After smoking, drinking or other
excesses which weaken the digestive
organs, nothing restores the stomach
to a healthy, wholesome condition so
t-JTectually is Stuart's Tablets.
.Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contain
she natural digestives, pepsin, dias-
Utw. which every weak stomach lacks,
as •well as nux. hydrastin and yellow
parilla. and can be safely relied on as
a radical cure for every form of poor
digestion. Sold by druggists every-
where.
- ¦
These two -words, Schilling's
Best, are perfect assurance of
getting your money's-worth.
A* jots sneer's; aca*> b*ck.
We will make
you a suit
to order for
$ 80.00 or $ l3.50
The price is no indication of the
value, because the suits are really
underpriced.
They could easily bring more
money right here in our own store,
and surely our customers always look
to us for good values. j
The fabrics are late spring pat-
terns of browns, grays, blue and other
dark effects. |
You are as welcome to inspect the
stock in the store as you would be to
look in our show windows.
We guarantee a satisfactory fit.
If you are not pleased we will make
another suit or return your money,
whichever you prefer.
You don't find other tailors giving
such a liberal guarantee.
We repair, sponge and press the
rrjirmpntQ frpp cjlcri
i^di inCilLo HCt. ulOU.
Out-of-tozcn customers can secure satisfactory fit from our
self-measuring system— zvritc for blank and samples.
740 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and Eddy StreetsST. JOSEPH, Mo., ¦ | March_14.— Charier
Kearny, son of Major General Stophc:«
Watts Kearny, Mexican war veteran
and first Governor of New ¦Mexico, is
dead here. He "was a grandson' of Gen
eral •< Roger Clarl: of the Lewis and
Clark expedition.
Veteran's Son 'Dies.
PORT SAID. March 15.— The Russian
armored cruiser Dmitri Donskoi is vis
ible from this port, actively patrolling
in search of vesselB carrying contra
band of war. She mistook the Italian
armored cruiser Marco Polo for a mer
chantman and stODped her by firing
a blank cartridge across her bows. On
discovering her mistake the Dmitri
Donskoi signaled an apology.
The Dmitri Donskoi stopped the
Norwegian steamship " Standard this
morning. It* is said that the Standard
was within, the three-mile limit. The
warship afterward -signaled her to
proceed. '
Some of them were camped for two
weeks n»ar the frontier, awaiting a
chance to get away, one relator saying
that his party, consisting of 127, waited
twelve days in a thicket a v short dis
tance from the line while negotiations
were . . in _ progress with \ the citizens'
guards to let them cross the frontier.
NEW YORK, March 15.— The Ham.
burg-American liner Bluecher, which
arrived to-day, brought 1765 steerage
passengers, the majority of whom
were refugees from Russia, who : fled
to avoid serving. in the array. , Many
of them gave accounts of their, escapes
across the Russian frontier similar to
those related by the men who came
last week on the ; Graf "Waldersee. '
RUSSIAN CRUISER
STOPPING VESSELS
IN THE RED SEA
RUSSIANS CROSS
BORDER TO ESCAPE
SERVICE IN ARMY
LA PORTE, Ind., March 15.—Jona
than W. Crumpacker, Associate Justice
of the Supreme Court of New Mexico
during President McKinley's adminis
tration, and a cousin of Congressman
Crumpacker, died to-day of typhoid
fever, aged 50 years.
Former Justice Dies of Fever.
ST. LOUIS, March 15. — Arthur
Greeley, professor of biology at Wash
ington Universityt died to-day at the
Jewish Hospital, after an operation for
appendicitis. His father, Rev. Mr.
Greeley, pastor of a Congregational
church in Lob Angeles, has been noti
fied. . •
Death Calls Arthur Greeley.
PARIS, March 15.— The recent visits
to Paris of Paul Cambon, French Em
bassador at London, for the purpose
of conferring with Foreign Minister
Delcasse, have brought out that the
negotiations for a settlement of tho
outstanding differences between Franc?
and Great Britain* have been resumed
after having been interrupted by the
Boer war. Although the officials say
the reports that a treaty will be signed
shortly are unwarranted, yet they indi
cate that the negotiations have made
much progress lately, and it is evident
that there is expectation in official
quarters of their successful conclusion.
It is understood that the questions in
clude those relating to Morocco, Egypt
and the Newfoundland shore fisher
ies. .V; . .
NEW LONDON, Conn., March 15.—
William" H. Miller, who claimed to be
a survivor of the Light Brigade which
made the famous charge of Bala
klava, in- 1S54, is dead at his resi
dence In Groton. He was born in
Scotland in 1828. He served in the Uni
ted States navy during the Civil War.
Bnlaklava Hero Passes Away.
An American engineer returning from
the mines at Unsan was arrested by
Japanese north of Pingyang," on sus
picion of being a Russian spy. He was
speedily released when his identity was
established.
CHEMULPO, March 15.— The United
States cruiser Cincinnati returned here
to-day from Chenampho with a num
ber of American refugees from the
American Company's mines at Unsan
and the missions in that vicinity. The
party consists, of three men and twentyv
women and children. All are well.' They
praised the kindness of the officers of
the Cincinnati, who gave up their cab
ins to them. The refugees traveled
from Unsan to Chenampho in carts and
chairs bearing American flags, and were
escorted as far as Pingyang by men
"from the mines. They were unmolested.
Near Anju they met two small groups
of Cossacks.
During the party's stay at Pingyang
the Japanese officials requested them
to wear badges bearing the American
colors in order that they might be al
lowed to leave and enter the town
freely. The Americans were stopped
five times by Japanese soldiers, of
whom they saw great numbers along
the road to the coast. The Japanese
treated them cpurteously.
Information has been received at
headquarters to the effect that the Jap
anese are strengthening their positions
in Korea, ' t '.-"*'
General Linevitch, acting commander
of the Russian forces in Manchuria,
visited headquarters here on Sunday.
General Zilinsky, who is to succeed
General Pflug, Viceroy Alexieff s chief
of staff, arrived here on March 10.
Grand Duke Cyril arrived to-day on his
way to Port Arthur, whither he is go
ing to act as chief officer of the squad
ron flagship.
MUKDEN, March 15.— The machinery
for the advance of the Russian forces
is working smoothly from Harbin
southward. The running of passenger
trains has been resumed and Russian
families are proceeding on their way
to Europe without confusion. Severely
cold weather, accompanied by blizzards
and snowstorms, has been followed by
a succession of fine days. The 'health
and spirits of the troops are good.
CRUISER TAKES
REFUGEES FROM
UNS AN DISTRICT
GRAND DUKE CYRIL
TO BE FLAGSHIP'S
CHIEF OFFICER
OAKLAND, March 15. — John
Henry Watterson. one of the first set
tlers of Napa County, died last night
at his home. 363 Orchard street. The
deceased leaves a widow and five
daughters, Mrs. W. 1^. Merrill, Mrs. A.
M. Hardman, Mrs. W. H. Lloyd, Mrs.
W. R. Rodda and Mrs. Grace Brooks.
He also leaves two brpthers, G. B. and
G. F. Watterson of Alameda. Mr.
Watterson was a cousin of Henry
Watterson, editor of the Louisville
VKy.) Courier-Journal.
Pioneer Settler Dead.
WHITE'S FRIEXDS RALLY
TO DEFENSE OF HIS XAME
NATAL ATTACHE
McCULLY GIVEN
HIS CREDENTIALS
ST. PETERSBURG, March 13.—Lieu
tenant Xewton A. McCully. the United
States naval attache with the Russian
navy, arrived here to-day. He will re
main in this city until facilities are af
forded him to join the Russian squad
ron. The authorities have granted his
credentials, but as yet have' not ar
ranged for his transportation. Lieu
tenant McCully probably will leave St.
Petersburg early in April.
Lieutenant Commander Roy C. Smith,
naval attache of the United States Em
bassies in Paris and St. Petersburg,
will return to Paris on March 1.
The Emperor will receive the German
and Swedish military attaches, who
will leave for the front on Friday,
these being the first of the foreign at
taches to go.
llnrrourt In Parliament.
LONDON. March 15. — Lewia "Ver
non Harcourt, eldest son of Sir Wil
liam Vernon Harcourt, has been elects
ed unopposed to represent the Rossen
dale division of Lancashire in the
House of Commons in succession to
Sir William Mather (Liberal), who re
tired.
Well-Known Citizens Testify That
Character of Railroad Official Is
Above Reproach.
The friends of K. A. White, assistant
superintendent of steamers of the
Southern Pacific Company, rallied to
the defense of his good name in Judge
Sloss* court yesterday and testified
that his reputation for truth, honesty
and integrity was of the very best.
The witnesses who testified to White's
good character were Jay Deming, who
said that during- the twelve years he
had known the railroad official he
never knew him to do a wrongful act;
Charles J. Wilder, assistant auditor of
the Southern Pacific, who said he had
known White for more than twenty
yoars and always found him upright;
Attorney Joseph E. Haven and Her
bert Kullman, the tanner. Both Kull
man and Haven were . positive that
White was a good citizen, an honest
man and a trustworthy one.
White is in court as defendant in a
suit to recover a sum approximating
$3500 brought against him by Fred A.
Boehm, administrator of the estate
of Daniel Boehm, who had the restau
rant privilege on the river steamers.
At Monday's hearing of the case a
number of railroad men with whom
White had had trouble testified that
his character was bad.
Compromise Damage Suits.
The suit of Hubert H. Bancroft and
the History Company against the Cen
tral Light and Power Company for
$7500 damages for injuries to the His
tory building and its contents, caused
by the explosion in the basement of
the building in July, 1901, have been
compromised, the plaintiffs receiving
$3000. The Bancroft suit, which? for
several days past has been on trial in
Judge Hunt's court, was dismissed yes
terday and an order dismissing the
History Company's action was filed
with the County Clerk.
TIENTSIN, March 15.— A foreigner
just arrived from Port Arthur reports
that a short engagement took place be
tween the Russian and Japanese fleets
on Sunday last, the .protected cruiser
Diana, belonging to the former, re
ceiving some injuries. About twenty
or thirty shells were exchanged.
The Imperial Chinese Railway Com
pany is considering the withdrawal of
its station force and all its movable
property from Newchwang.
The haste of the British and Ameri
can gunboats * to leave' Newchwang
while the intentions of the Japanese
are unknown, and while consular juris
diction and the full treaty port rights
of neutrals are unquestioned, thus pre
maturely abandoning the protection
heretofore maintained, has provoked
the indignation of residents and an of
ficial protest has been made to the
United States Government.
This was done especially in view of
the action of the Japanese in placing
their consulate and other property un
der British protection, their example
being imitated by the Russians, who,
as indicated in Drevious dispatches,
transferred their extensive bank, con
sular and civil administration proper
ties to the French, thereby rendering
Russian, Japanese and other interests
alike neutral. The protest was sent
also because the withdrawing of a Brit
ish gunboat and what is understood
as the American intention of with
drawal are regarded as palpable' neg
lect, inviting depredations upon British
and American Interests.'
The British Consul here has filed a
protest with Sir Ernest Satow, the
British Minister at Peking, against the
projected abandonment of the New
chwang end of the Chinese Railway by
its directors and the management in
Great Britain. The reasons given by
the Consul for his action are that the
British Government 'had previously
made known its intention of protecting
the road. and that its abandonment at
this time meant the probability of its
destruction by the Russians, should
they eventually be, forced to retreat.
ALAMEDA, March 15. — George D.
Hall, for fifty-one years a resident of
California and the first man to intro
duce mechanical washing in laundries
on the Pacific Coast, died suddenly
this morning at his home, 2246 San
Jose avenue, of apoplexy. He was a
native of Massachusetts, aged 68 years.
Hall engaged in business near Vir
ginia City, Nev., when a very young
man/ moving later to California, He
is survived by a wife, Louise. Mrs.
Lena Crocker of this city is a sister
and Henry Hall of San Francisco is a
brother of the deceased. He was also
a second cousin of Dr. William Clark,
superintendent of the County Infirm
ary.
George D. Hall, Pioneer, Dies.
BRIEF ENGAGEMENT
BETWEEN FLEETS
AT PORT ARTHUR
OLD-TIME FOES
ARE ADJUSTING
ALL QUARRELS
"I venture to assure you that this
evidence of your moral sympathy, when
kmrwn in my country, will be received
with deepest gratitude. It will be con
sidered as a new page in the glorious
history of 123 years of American-Rus
sian friendship. Begun by Washington
and Catherine the Great, continued by
fl.ll their successors, this friendship had
one of its culminating points in the
•sixties of the nineteenth century, when
President Lincoln and Emperor Alex
ander II simultaneously hoisted the
standard of liberty, abolishing slavery
here and serfdom in Russia. 'Blood is
thicker than water,' and. the blood of
Lincoln and Alexander II has cemented
forever the traditional friendship be
tween America and Russia."
"We fervently hope that our friends,
•when they learn to know us better, will
a&ree that the Russian people are a
preat Christian nation. After religion
the most characteristic feature of Rus
sian life is the recognition of the noble
role of woman in the family, in society
and in the state.
"In your efforts to bring closer to
gether your people and mine in that
broad sympathy of thought and action
which is the strongest bond two na
tions can have, you and your asso
ciates are performing the highest and
noblest mission entrusted to a diplo
mat — the maintenance and cultivation
of friendliness between his own and
the country to which he is accredited."
Consul General Lodygenski spoke on
"Russia and Its People," saying in
jiart:
A letter from Count Cassini to Mrs.
Hitchcock was read. The Russian Err.
bassador. who was unable to be pres
ent, wrote:
NEW YORK, March 15.— "An Even
ing in Russia" was the title of an en
tertainment declared to be non
political in significance and including
a programme of Russian music and
addresses by prominent Russians and
Americans given to-night at the
Waldorf - Astoria, under the auspicf-s
of - the Co-operative Entertainment
Club, of which Mrs. Roswell Hitchcock
Is president. ¦
NOTED RUSSIANS
ARE THE GUESTS OF
NEW YORK WOMAN
WASHINGTON, March 15. — The
State Department has received formal
assurance from China that the Govern
ment of that country will insist upon
the observance, on the part of Chinese
subjects, of the strictest neutrality to
ward both sides during the present
war. This assurance Is in addition to
the formal notice of neutrality, al
ready generally proclaimed by China.
It is believed here that this last as
surance given to the United States will
be useful in finally allaying the appre
hensions expressed by Russia that
China would be led by Japanese suc
cesses into a breach of neutrality.
It was said to-night that the addi
tional assurance from China was in re
sponse to an inquiry from Conger, the
American Minister to Peking, who, un
der instructions from the State Depart
ment, asked the Chinese officials in a
general way about the significance of
the activity of the Chinese troops on
the Manchurian border. Russia, Ger
many and France have felt some un
easiness about the movements of these
troops, fearing that a junction with
the Japanese forces was contemplated.
This Government, however, has not
shared in the uneasiness, and the posi
tive character of the assurances that
China not only would observe, but
would maintain, the strictest neutrality
Ieads to the belief that the maneuvers
of her army is for the legitimate pur
pose of getting It into shape for put
ting down any disturbance that may
arise as a result of the war.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 15.— From
the highest quarter the press has In
formation that there is tio foundation
for the rumors from Tokio that the
Russians are abandoning Port Arthur.
"It is the veriest nonsense," said an
official informant. ¦ "Nothing had oc
curred there to warrant such reports.
The Japanese fleet has not been seen
for forty-eight hours. The motive of
the Tokio Government in spreading
this story is probably to influence pub
lic feeling in Japan, for the purpose of
creating enthusiasm while a war loan
is being floated."
The newspapers here manifest the
greatest indignation over the report,
the Boerse Gazette characterizing it as
outrageous and a malicious invention.
Attention) is directed to the order of
the day by Lieutenant General Stoes
sel, commander at Port Arthur, in
which he declared that the place never
would be surrendered, as representing
the Russian position. Relative to this
point a military officer said:
."'This mere statement carries Ita own
refutation, unless we meant to beat an
ignoble retreat all along the line. If
we abandon Port Arthur we leave our
fleet there to be doomed. It Is too ab
surd to discuss."
+
The Emperor has received a long tel
egram from Vice Admiral Makaroff,
in command of the Russian squadron at
Port Arthur, giving details of the dam
age to the ships, as he found them on
his arrival at Port Arthur, and the les
sons taught therefrom. This dispatch
was the subject of earnest discussion
at the Winter- Palace to-day between
the Emperor and the Grand Duke
Alexis, the High Admiral, who took
luncheon with . Nicholas. They also
discussed the condition of the war
ships at Kronstadt and those building
there. It is understood the Emperor
will shortly make a personal inspec
tion of those ships.
The Emperor has declined with
thanks the offers of the German and
French Red Cross Societies to supply
contingents for service in the Far
East.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 15.— The
report from Newchwang that four Rus
sian steamships had been sunk at the
entrance to Port Arthur after the re
moval of the battleship Retvizan is
authoritatively denied here. With the
exception of the dispatch of yester
day from General Zilinsky, no official
telegrams containing news of fighting
have been received in the last forty
eight hours. Several telegrams relating
to the_»movements of troops have ar
rived, but as these were only of strate
gic Importance their contents was not
made public.
A copy of the Xovikrai of Port Ar
thur, dated February 19, which has
just reached here, de'finitely establishes
the fact that when the first torpedo
attack was made on Port Arthur it
was entirely unexpected. The Russian
squadron was anchored outside in three
iirws, with the 'battleships in the rear.
The captain of the battleship Cesare
vitch, from the bridge, could plainly
trace the course of the torpedo from
his ship. ..When It exploded under the
stern of the battleship, the latter heel
ed at first to starboard and then to
port, at an angle of eighteen degrees.
Two other torpedoes which were
launched missed the Cesarevitch, one
of them striking the protected cruiser
Pallada. The Cesarevitch, in the mean
time, was getting up steam and weigh
ing her anchor. She finally got under
way, steering with her engines, swung
around for the harbor, but failed to
make the entrance and ran aground.
The torpedo which struck the Cesare
vitch contained 200 pounds of pyroxy
gen.
Vice Admiral Togo is unwilling ¦ to
run the risk of dividing his battleship
squadron and continues to operate the
six battleships together. If the Rus
sians should make an attempt Ur reach
Vladivostok it is believed they will try
a dash through the Korean Straits
rather "than, enter the. Japan Sea
through the Sugaru Straits.
TOKIO, March 15.— It is strongly be
lieved here that the Russian fleet aban
doned Port Arthur, after the fourth
attack was made upon it by the Jap
anese fleet, and is endeavoring to reach
Vladivostok. Confirmation of this
movement is not obtainable from any
reliable source, but recent scouting In
the vicinity of Port Arthur has failed
to reveal the presence of any warships.
It seems logical enough that the Rus
sians should attempt a dash for Vladi
vostok, where It is possible to dock
large ships, effect a junction with their
armored cruiser squadron and secure
a base for operations, while possessing
adequate land defenses. The hopeless
ness of continuing at Port Arthur is
manifest, while a dash for Vladivostok
might succeed, contrary to the opinion
previously expressed.
"I believe the ablest strategists of
all countries agree that if the Japan
ese respond to the Russian call to
come inland they will exhaust them
selves and became an easy prey for the
hosts of the Czar. They should defend
Korea, hold the seacoast and wait. If
Russia then chooses to fight she must
herself assume the burdens and risks
that distance always imposes upon mil
itary enterprises."
It is stated in Japanese circles that
the Mikado's military council has given
full consideration to the Ideas, here ad
vanced and that its decision will de
pend upon circumstances. .Should cli
matic or other difficulties retard the
Japanese advance until the Russians
occupy Manchuria in great force it is
regarded as likely that the Japanese
fleet and army will content themselves
with holding Korea and blocking Rus
sia's outlet to the sea.
"This extreme party is composed
mainly of men who in the Chino-Jap-.
anese. way, ' urged,, the Tokio authori
ties to push oh**to Peking and "dictate
tdrms of peace in the enemy's capital,
as the Germans did in Paris. They
forgot that Paris was the inevitable
German objective, for military as well
as political reasons, whereas the Jap
anese had no earthly military reason
for going to Peking. Happily the long
er heads in Tokio prevailed in 1895. It
is not too much to hope they will pre
vail in the present instance.
LONDON, March 15.— "If the views
of some of Great Britain's most emi
nent strategists obtain, Japan will com
pletely alter the ground plan of her
campaign and refuse to pursue the
Russians to Harbin and beyond," said
an experienced commander to-day.
"The long article by the Times* mili
tary critic in yesterday's paper," he
continued, "pointing out the vast risks
the Japanese would take by advancing
far inland, was inspired by British sol
diers of the highest rank. The Jap
anese war party is eager to- go the
whole length against the Russians and
wants not only to take Korea, reduce
Port Arthur and Vladivostok and domi
nate the entire northeast littoral of
China, but also to drive the Muscovites
out of Manchuria.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1901, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Has No Intention of
Joining Forces With
Japan.
Warn Brovyn Men Not
to Be Lured Into
Manchuria.
Rumors of a Retreat
Arouse Anger in
Capital.
Russian Fleet May Be
Sailing Toward
Vladivostok.
Port Arthur Journal
Gives Details of
First Attack.
CHINA ASSURES
THIS GOVERNMENT
OF NEUTRALITY
NO EVACUATION
OF PORT ARTHUR
BY THE RUSSIANS
BRITISH EXPERTS
GIVE ADVICE TO
THE JAPANESE
JAPAN BELIEVES
RUFF'S SHIPS
ARE ON THE SEA
ST. PETERSBURG
HAS NO NEWS OF
RECENT FIGHTING
When seen at the Palace last evening.
Sands declined to be interviewed re
garding his experiences in the Orient,
pleading that he was preparing to keep
a theater engagement. Concerning the
war, however, he said that Korea would
be guided by Japan in internal and
foreign affairs, as agreed between the
two governments early in February,
when Japan assumed a protectorate
over the empire. Japan guarantees
protection to Korea in the matter of
her independence, her territorial Integ
rity and the sovereignty of her. ruler.
Sands admitted that he was going to
Washington on a private mission, the
character of which he declined to di
vulge.
According to the dispatch received In
Washington, Sands was entertaining a
number of friends and several officers
of a French cruiser at his official resi
dence when the documents disappeared.
Som,e ugly imputations were made and
were followed by Sands' resignation.
William l.. Sands, former adviser to
the King rf Korea . and whose name
was recently Involved in a scandal at
the court of Seoul that resulted In his
sudden retirement from his responsible
position, was a passenger on the trans
port Thomas, which arrived from the
Orient late Monday night.
Sands was formerly secretary of th«
United States legation in Seoul, having
received his appointment from the late
President McKinley during the tetter's
first term. In 1899 he was selected by
the Emperor of Korea as his private
adviser and retained the position until
the early part of 1903, when the report
reached Washington that he had been
forced to resign and was preparing to
leave Korea for the United States. No
cause was given for Sands' hasty re
tirement and nothing more was heard
of the incident until the outbreak of
hostilities between Japan and Russia
in February, when a dispatch reached
here to the effect that his resignation
was due to the sudden disappearance
from his residence of a number of Im
portant Korean maps and data regard
ing the^llttle empire that would be very
valuable to either of the hostile forces.
PARIS. March 15. — The SL Peters
burg correspondent of the Echo de
Paris says that rumors to the effect
that the Vladivostok and Port Arthur
squadrons have been united are re
ceived with incredulity by the general
staff. The correspondent believes that
the rumors are probably due to Vice
•Admiral Makaroffs frequent sorties.
He says that General ZilJnsky is now
Viceroy AlexiefTs chief of staff and is
crlirx under his orders in succession
to Major General Pflug.
"There was an error in the trans
knission of my dispatch of March 11."
adds the correspondent, "which at
tributed to General Kuropatkin the
statement tliat he hoped to finish with
the Japanese before the end of July.
What *he really said was; 'I do not
know whether any great action will
occur before July, but I hope to finish
before the end of the year and leave
the field clear to the plenipotentiaries
intrusted with the drawing up of the
conditions of peace.' "
Official denial is made of the report
printed here this morning that ex
changes of views are now going on be
tween Paris, London and Washing
ton relative to offering mediation in
the Far Eastern war. The Foreign
office here is not aware of such an ex
change and considers that mediation
is impracticable, as neither party
would consider it.
— » .
Does Hot Believe Ma
karoff Has Left
the Harbor.
n n f
Deposed Because of
Disappearance of
Va liable Maps,
While there has been no break in the complete silence regarding the Japanese land operations, an incident has occurred which indicates that the brown men
are at last ready to strike a decisive blow. All war correspondents who were permitted to accompany the Japanese advance to Pingyang have been ordered to re
turn to Seoul. The only construction that can be put upon this unexpected action is that Japan is ready to put into operation the plans for her land campaign and
is taking every precaution to prevent information concerning her movements reachingthe enemy. ; ; >,f,'
From Tokio comes the startling announcement that the Japanese naval commanders believe that the Russian fleet has left the harbor of Port Arthur, probablv
to attempt a. dash to Vladivostok to join the four cruisers stationed there. Recent advices from Port Arthur have indicated that Vice Admiral Makaroff" intended
some sudden movement.. The Russian ships, following the last battle, remained outside the harbor continuously with steam up. As the Japanese seem cognizant of
the movements of the Russian fleet, it is altogether probable that they will be able to intercept Makaroff. in which event a desperate naval battle would occur. It is
denied from St. Petersburg that the Russian commander blocked the channel at Port Arthur after taking his ships outside; but if he intended to abandon the har
bor it. is altogether probable that he would have done something of the kind to assist the garrison in preventing the entrance of Japanese ships. St. Petersburg
again denounces the rumors that Port. Arthur is to be evacuated.*
The cruiser Cincinnati has arrived at Chemulpo with American refugees from the Urisan district. They were unmolested, although numerous bodies of
troops were encountered while they were traveling to the port of Chenampo. . • \
British military experts have adopted the novel plan of advising Japan" on campaign methods through the medium of inspired articles in the press. It is sajd
that Tokio will heed their warning against being led into a pursuit of the Russians into Manchuria.
¦ Replying to an inquiry directed from Washington. China has given renewed assurance of her neutrality during the war. The movement of her troops
toward the frontier is for legitimate protection against invasion, and there is no intention in Peking of giving assistance to the Japanese.
Refugees irom Port Arthur arriving at Yinkow ridicule the reports that great 'damage was done by Japanese shells during the recent bombardment.
General Kuropatkin will reach Mukden on March 26. It is expected that Russian military operations will begin as soon as the commander-in-chief arrives
in 'Manchuria. He is going to the front with his plan of campaign already mapped out.
St. Petersburg Doubts
the Report Sent
From Tokio.
Former Adviser of Ko
rean Emperor Arrives
From Orient.
SUMMARY OF THE CALL'S SPECIAL DISPATCHES ON THE WAR
PORT ARTHUR FLEET DISAPPEARS AND MAY BE ON WAY TO VLADIVOSTOK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1904.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
VThe Prince of Wales has a most ex
traordinary design tattooed on his
arm. It takes ; the form of a fearful
looking dragon,- with open jaws brist
ling with rows of gigantic teeth, and a
row of spiked horns down the middle
of its back.
NAGASAKI, March 15.— The British
steamship Nigretia, with a cargo of
coal for the Japanese Government, is
reported ashore "near Sasebo.
British Steamship Ashore.
HAY WARDS. , March 15. ilrs.
George Jorgensen, aged 40 years, died
to-day at her home In Haywards,
leaving a husband and two small chil
dren., The husband is a well-known
hardware merchant.
liny wards- Woman Dead.
4
JTJO. J. FULTON CO.
Does McLavghlm Know
If You Have Kidney Disease Isn't There
a Pointer Here?
ii lyiOTHIXG but your rtbnal Compound than you do? If he had Kidney Disease
•^goes squarely up aeainst Brights you know what he would take,
and Chronic Kidney Disease. Some make Hore ls another little piece of evl-
. . , , . , _, dence: Benjamin Bros, of Svdnev \u%-
claims, but you 'mako good." Too many £JJ doz^ b> ™ e £ ™*
testimonials usCd in Kidney troubles arc j it to patients. The results were such
among that class of patients that com- that the patients could not wait for tho
monly get well in due course. But mails and they had to cable us to get
Chronic Kidney Disease did not get well more on the last Australian steamer,
oi itseK or any other way till your Re- Now these people have everything else
| C^oun-rc^a,™,. H * a d| S^SSSggSggggggi
epyfry ail right. Althoush Auburn nas why dld thoy not uae some of the other
only about :rco iuhabttar.ts. yet wo have alleged specifics. Instead of soing to the
such a sulo on your compounds that, as expense of cabling fjalf way around tho
you know, wo order in hundr?t!-dollar earth for Fulton's Renal Compound? It
lots. Inclosed fir.d another, for $110 is just as McLaughlin says— nothing
mere. Yours truly. elsp <1°ps it-
"J. G. McL.AITGHL.lN. You don't have to send across the
"Auburn. Cal.. March 5. 190-1." ocean. Fulton's Itenal Compound la at
McLaughlin is a druggist, and It is his joiir door— in first-class drug stora
business to know, what will and what Si^S^^^SJlSS^SK
will not euro Chronic Kidney Disease. Sa n Francisco. Send for literature and
Isn't he likely to know more about it list of Coast and Eastern Agents.
GRAPE-NUTS.
Marvelous
The Difference
that* comes with proper food.
Grape-Nuts
Get the little book,' "The
Road to WclIvilJe." in each pkg.
in ii ii i in ¦¦¦iiiiamnaBEna*'The Mexican . International Invest
mentvCompany was incorporated yes
terday,with a capital stock of $1,000,
000. -Of this amount $500 is sub
scribed. The directors are Thomas H.
Williams, Frederick Fenchler, Adam
"Andrew, G. E. Bates and J. W. Fer
ris. - ;¦-- ¦ ••;.¦' '-yrfl:
George Glueck, a cabinet-maker, 62
years old, expired- suddenly at 11:30
o'clock yesterday forenoon on the side
walk opposite 965% Harrison street.
He had been under medical treatment
for neai-fe disease for the last month.
Mr. Glueck was a native of Germany
and resided with his family at 13
Madison avenue.
Edward Barry, an aged man, who
had been an inmate of the Almshouse
for the last ten years, died at the Cljy
and County Hospital yesterday from
a broken leg. The accident happened
on March 8 while Barry was standing
on a ladder stowing away the- baggage
of a newly received inmate. The lad
der slipped from under him, causing
him to fall to the floor with the bag
gage on top of him.
Edward Barry, an Almshouse Inmate,
Expires From the Effects of a
Broken Leg.
CABINET-MAKER GLUECK '
DIES IN THE STREET
The widow of the late Joseph Butt
genbach, who was shot and killed In
his office at Fourth and Shipley
streets on Saturday night, March 5,
is determined to bring his murderer
to justice if it can possibly be done.
Yesterday her attorney, Frank G.
Drury, notified Captain Martin that
Mrs. Buttgenbach would offer $1000
reward such informatloti as would
lead to the arrest and conviction of
the person^or persons who murdered
her husband.
Mrs. Buttgenbach is steadfast in her
belief. that her son Albert had nothing
to do .with the murder, and she
suffered keenly while' he was under
arrest on suspicion. Her belief in his
innocence ; has never wavered, and
now. she. is anxious to have the boy's
character cleared from the stigma by
offering the reward in the hope that
it will stimulate th2 police in their
search for the perpetrator of the
deed.:
. Detective [Ryan is still working
quietly, on the case.
Widow of Joseph Buttgenbach, Wh6
Was Shot and Killed In His Office,
Stimulates Police.
offers' a reward for
arrest of murderer
Waiters' Union No. 30 has secured
new quarters at 110 Turk street. The
accommodations consist of a ladies'
parlor, reading room, card room, audi
ence room, billiard and pool rooms.
The Street Carmen's Union has also
secured new quarters at 310 O'Farrell
street and will move in on the first of
next month. Extensive alterations are
now under way.
Carpenters' Union No. 493 and Fur
niture Handlers' Union No. 1 have
passed resolutions in opposition to the
proposed ordinance now before the Su
pervisors against the holding Of public
meetings in certain districts. , V
A communication has-been received
by the' Marine Engineers' Association
from the Steam- Schooner Managers'
Association relative to the demands
made by the former body. The main
bone of contention has been overtime
to" chief engineers 1 , r which is expected
to be speedily settled.
Two Organizations Arc Opposed to
Proposed Ordinance" Prohibiting
Public Meetings.
WAITERS WILL MOVE
INTO NEW QUARTERS
LINCOLN. Neb., March 15.— At the
Lancaster County primaries practically
every precinct declared for Congress
man. E. J. Burkett for United States
Senator to succeed Charles H. Die
trich.. This practically insures Bur
kett's nomination.
Burkett to Succeed Dietrich.
AUGUSTA, Ga., March 15. — Ex-
Governor James H. Tillman. who was
recently acquitted of murdering Edi
tor Gonzales of Columbia. S. C, has
announced his candidacy for Congress.
He will stand for the seat made va
cant by the death of Congressman G.
W. Croft of South Carolina.,
Tillman for Congress.
There was a large attendance and
the greatest enthusiasm prevailed.
The programme was as follows:
Piano duet.. Miss M. Shaefer-Miss Maria Ryan
Introductory remarks Eugene E. Schmltz
Selections on harp Mrs. J. Fltzslmmona
Bagrpipe «olo Professor Cummins
Fancy step dancing.. J. J. O'Connor, P. Lynch
Song. "The Wearing of the Green".. B. Murphy
Monologue Alexander Rosborough
Song. "Kathleen Mavourneen"
_ •• ••• .....Mrs. Cecil Mark
Trombone solo Alfred Roncovieri
Oration . ..; Rev. Hugh Lagan
Gaelic solo M. J. Connolly
"God Save Ireland". . .Led by Profeesor Sandy
A thoroughly enjoyable entertain
ment was given last night at Washing
ton Square Hall under the auspices of
St. Francis Gentlemen's Sodality in
honor of St. Patrick's day. Mayor
Schmitz was with Father CarraKer
and Father Lagan on the platform.*
MANY HONOR ST. PATRICK.
BERLIN, March 15. — The Wiener
Zeitung says the German steel trust is
about to begin negotiations with the
American and British companies
toward a delimitation of their respec
tive spheres of Influence in the world's
markets, so as to avoid ruinous com
petition with each other.
Trust Fears Competition.
MINNEAPOLIS, March 15. — The
Fifth Minnesota District Republicans
elected W. W. Heffelfinger and C. A.
Smith delegates to the national con
vention. The former is the famous Yale
football guard! The latter is
lionaire lumberman. No instructions
were given.
MOUNT VERNON, Ind., March 15.—
Congressman James A. Hemenway was
renominated to-day by the Republicans
of the First Indiana District. Resolu
tions instructing the delegates for Pres
ident Roosevelt were adopted.
KNOX, Ind., March 15.— Republicans
of the Thirteenth Congressional Dis
trict to-day renominated Representa
tive Brick. The delegates to the Na
tional Republican Convention were in
structed for President Roosevelt.
the President.
Indiana District Conventions Indorse
DELEGATES FOR ROOSEVELT.
Northern Pacific 3iectinsr Adjourn*.
NEW YORK, March 15.—The ad
journed Joint meeting of the North
ern Pacific Railway was again ad
journed to-day until May 17. no busi
ness being transacted. Practically all
of the Northern Pacific stock i3 own
ed by the Northern Securities Com
pany, which has been enjoined from
voting this stock, hence the repeated
adjournments.
To-day is the last recital, this af
ternoon at 3:20, at Lyric Hall. What
particular penance Lent involves, let
it not be abstinence from this. It
were better to go without an Easter
hat than a Bauer "Carnaval" — with
the assistance of Mf. " Schumann.
Friday without flsh were better than
this Wednesday without Chopin,
served by Mr. Bauer. It will be the
B minor sonata. Then there is a Bach
toccata, a fugue • discovered two
years ago that may not be missed.
Mr. Bauer plays also his own ar
rangement — unaccredited — of the
Wagner Walkurenritt." And I
would not wish my worst enemy to
miss a note of them.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
- I have changed my mind. Xot
Beethoven, but Schumann, is Harold
Bauer's alter ego. Last night, at the
pianist's last recital but one, he gave
the Schumann Fantasle in C. that
was absolutely the biggest piano-play
ing that has been heard here. Each
recital only further convinces of Mr.
Bauer's powers. He is a giant, a
thick forelock, if not a head, taller
than the rest, and in the fantasie the
pianist touched his highest peak of
achievement. His art is supremely in
tellectual, and its brilliant sanity, its
superb balance, its moving lyrical
quality, made a Schumann of a not
to-be-described beauty. There was the
Bach Italian concerto, a laughably
lovely rendering. There was a Chopin
group, with the C sharp etude that
followed as encore, taken at a tempo
not more than three times that of any
one else — yet limpidity itself — a stu
pendous performance.
So also the Alkan study in unison.
In which for a moment Mr. Bauer
became the virtuoso for virtuosity's
sake. His pyrotechnics are just as
magnificent as his poetry, and both
the best the years are likely to bring
us for long.
Each Recital Only Further Convinces
Hearers of the Great Pianist's
Powers.
George Cameron Jr., nephew of
Alexander Cameron . of Petersburg,
head of one of the largest tobacco
firms in Virginia, arrived yesterday
from Australia and .is at the .Palace.
He went to. the colonies to consum
mate a deal wherein his uncle's firm
has agreed to turn over to the British-
American Tobacco Company its entire
tobacco product.
D. P. Markey, supreme commander
of the Knights of the Maccabees, ar
rived in this city last evening from
Lbs Angeles, where he attended the
session of the State convention of the
order and instituted the Great Camp
of California. To-night he will be
tendered a reception by the local Mac
cabees In Golden Gate Hall and to
morrow a banquet at tha California.
'He is staying at the Palace.
James L. Flood, Miss Cora J. Flood
and Major Jared Rathbone arrived
yesterday in a private car from the
East, whither Mr. Flood and Major
Rathbone went two weeks ago on a
business trip. Miss Flood had been
spending several months in New York,
where she was Joined by her brother.
W. H. Bancroft, the new general
manager of the Union Pacific Com
pany, who passed through here on his
way to Los Angeles several days ago,
returned yesterday and paid his re
spects to General Manager Krutt
schnltt of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. He departed in the evening for
Omaha.
Lawrence W. Manning of Lexington,
who for the last eight years has been
private secretary to Governor Wright
of the Philippines, returned from the
Orient on the transport yesterday and
is registered at the Grand. He has
been invalided home after an extended
illness.
J. Aguirre Acha. the newly appointed
Bolivian Consul General to this city,
has arrived from South America and is
staying at the Occidental.
Dr. U. A. Woodbury, former Gov
ernor of Vermont, and wife and
daughters, who have been spending
several weeks at Coronado, arrived in
this city yesterday and are at the Cali
fornia.
Rev. Canon French of England ar
rived from Australia yesterday and is
registered at the Occidental.
C. H. Zeederberg, who is interested
in the transportation business In
Rhodesia, South Africa, is at the Pal
ace.
D.VE. Llewellyn, a manufacturer of
Los Angeles, and wife are at the Pal
ace.
H. F. Anderson, a capitalist of Ben
Lomond, and wife are at the Occiden
tal..
J. W. Marsh, a prominent business
man of Pittsburg, is a guest at the St.
Francis.
Mrs. Burrows, wife of former United
States Senator Burrows of Michigan, is
a sruest at the Grand.
Colonel J. Jackson, U. S. A., retired,
and wife are down from Portland and
staying at the Occidental.
F. M. Buck, a fruit man of Vacavllle,
Is at the Lick.
PERSONAIi.
BAUER REACHES HIGHEST
ACHIEVEMENT IN FANTASIE
PARIS, March 15. — Debates on the
bill for the suppression of religious
teachings by the congregations was
continued in the Chamber of Deputies
to-day. The Government met with a
slight check, an amendment by M.
Callleaux, former Minister of Finance,
raising from five to ten years the
maximum limit of time for the sup
pression of such teaching being
carried by the vote of 282 to 271, not
withstanding Uhe opposition of Pre
mier Combes, who, however, refused
to make the consideration of the
amendment a question of confidence in
the Government.
RELIGIOUS SCHOOLS GET
AX EXTENSION OF TIME
Fancy dancing, the Allen sisters; soprano
solo, "Eileen Alanna," Miss Etta Welsh; violin
solo. "Patrick's Day," Pletro Marin: tenor
solo, "The Minstrel Boy," W. J. O'Brien;
oration, Rev. P. T. Collopy; quartet, "The
Kerry Dance," the Elks Quartet; contralto
sono. "Kathleen Mavourneen," Miss Genevleve
Sullivan: harp, "The Harp That Once Through
Tara's Halls," Mrs. Kimball KUxsimons: tenor
solo, "Believe Me, If All Those Endearing
Young Charms," W. G. Calllnan; reading,
"N'inety-Elfirht," T. W. Hickey; barytone solo,
"For Freedom and Ireland," Bert Murphy;
hornpipe. John J. O'Connor and P. Lynch;
Irish airs. Pipers' Club of San Francisco. Ac
companist, Mies Mary Short.
The St. Patrick's day entertainment
given by St. Patrick's Parish at the
Alhambra Theater last night was large
ly attended and there, was a programme
of beautiful Irish music, songs and
dances which, with a stirring address
by the Rev. Father P. T. Collopy, went
to the hearts of the assemblage.
The programme began with an over
ture consisting of Irish airs and played
with rare vim by the Pipers* Club, of
San Francisqo, and then followed a
quartet, "Eileen Afoon," by the Elks'
Quartet, which was so admirably given
as to win an imperative encore. Miss
Etta Welsh sang "Eileen Alanna" with
her usual grace, while her clear so
prano voice was never heard to better
advantage. The vocalist was rewarded
with a well earned encore. The pro
gramme was as follows:
Fine Musical Programme.
St. Patrick's Parish Entertains With
IRISH SOXGS STIR AUDIENCE.
VIENNA, March 15.— German-Czech
race hatred led to a serious riot at
Ling, the capital of East Austria, to
day, when a mob of infuriated Ger
mans In revenge for the ill treatment
of their compatriots at Prague, storm
ed the hall in which Jan Kubelik, the
Bohemian violinist, was giving a con
cert, compelling Kubelik to seek safety
in flight. Before the doors were open
ed the mob attacked the carriage of
the /District Governor, Count Wicken
burg, with stones. The police had dif
ficulty in protecting the Count from
personal injury.
The mob then forced the police cor
don, invaded the hall, smashed the
mirrors and threw missiles at,Kut>elik.
The concert was then stopped and the
audience dispersed amid a fire of of
fensive epithets. The demonstrations
were continued outside the hotel where
Kubelik was staying and the police had
some difficulty in dispersing the mob.
The question for us to hammer out during th«
coming summer, is. whether the great onward
march of American civilization shall go on or
shall be checked and turned back in confusion
and inefficiency. Let this club sound the key
note of the coming campaign — the question
whether the Republican party shall continue ti>
rule or the ultra conservative Democrats, with
Cleveland or Parker on the one hand, and the
ultra Socialists, with Bryan or Hearst on the
other.
We are on the threshold of a great struggle
and there are rumors about men. about or
ganization and factional strife. They tell me
there Is great trouble In the Republican party
in the State of New York— factional difficulties
—and that we are liable, to lose the State. I
take no stock in these factional differences.
It seems to me that it is time for us to
turn our attention from the surface question
of party organization to the great issues of
the conflict that lies before us and get away
from the' chicken feed of political grossip.
We stand on a distinct foreign policy— a posi
tion that has put us on a plane so eminent that
In the conflict in the Far East, over which
every one holds his breath for fear there may
be a general war, Germany turns to the United
States and asks us to use our power to preserve
the empire of China.
NEW YORK, March 15.— Former
Secretary of War Root was the guest
of honor to-n'g!it at a dinner given by
the Repblican Club of the City of New
York. President Roosevelt's letter of
regret was as follows:
If I could go to any dinner it would
be to the dinner of the Republican ! Club
is giving in honor of ex-Secretary of War
Hoot. I am bound to him not only by ttes
of recognition of his great and brilliant ser
vices to the nation and the party, but by a
peculiarly cloi>e and intimate personal friend
ship. 1 wish your club and your guests all
Eood fortune.
Root, responding to the greeting of
President Louis Stern, said in part:
Urges Republicans to For
get Factional Differences
and Be Loyal to Cause
Drive Bohemian Violinist
From Concert Hall at Ling,
Capital of East Austria
During last week the Rev. Brother
Zenonian, president of the college,
and numerous professors have been
present at the recitals of the young
orators, more than twenty of whom
are being heard each day! From these
fifteen of the most successful will be
selected and during the course of this
week the faculty will reduce the num
ber to six for a test before an outside
board yet to be named.
Last year the medal was won by
Lot Kaulukou of Honolulu. The
judges on that occasion were Victor
Metcalf and Mayor Olney of Oakland,
Judge Murasky, '83, and Garret Mc-
Enerney, '81, both members of St.
Mary's alumni, and Fathers Yorke
and Smith, C. S. P. The general pub
lic will be' invited to the final tryout,
which will be held in College Hall to
ward the end of the month.
The students of the collegiate course
and graduating classes of the business
department of St. Mary's College are
undergoing the annual elocution com
petition at the college for the Cottle
elocution medal.
Tooths of St. Mary's College Engage
In Declamatory Rivalry for Cot
tic Elocution Medal.
ROOT REVIEWS
PARTY POLICY
STUDENTS ARE COMPETING
FOR A COVETED TROPHY
The strength and activity of Erie
stocks in the markets revived the old
story of a new holding company to
take over the Northern Pacific. The
story was pronounced absurd by repre
sentatives of the Northern Securities
Company.
Later Hill gave out the following:
"U^til the full official copies of the
opinions and decree of the Supreme
Court have been received and our at
torneys have had an opportunity to
advise us as to our course of pro
cedure, the officers of the company can
make no further announcement than
to declare their purpose to promptly
and fully follow the law as now in
terpreted."
Hill visited J. P. Morgan in the
afternoon and the two conferred for
some time. Both declined to be inter
viewed, but Hill stated that there wa3
nothing new in the general situation.
In regard to the report that the
Northern Securities Company of Can
ada was to be the successor of the
Northern Securities Company of the
United States, President Hill was
quoted to-day as saying:
"We have as much notion of incor
porating a company in Mars or the
moon as in Canada. We intend to con
form to the law."
The Northern Securities Company of
Canada was granted a charter in 1902.
Its powers are very large and include
the right to buy, control and operate
railways as well as other enterprises
both in Canada and fn the United
States.
NEW YORK. March 15.— A Montreal
dispatch to-day gives R. G. Foget. vice
•president ef the Montreal Light and
Power Company, as authority for a
statement that the Northern Securities
Company of Canada had been granted
a charter by the Dominion Govern
ment; that It is backed by the Hill
interests, and is intended to absorb the
Northern Securities Company of the
United States.
OTTAWA. Ontario, March 15. — The
Northern Securities Company vas
granted a charter by the Dominion
Government soon after the original suit
was brought against the American cor
poration in Minnesota. The directors
named in the bill of incorporation were
Canadians, but it was understood at
the time that James J. Hill was in
terested. The charter is still in ex
istence.
Spooner and Foraker took the posi
tion that on account of the outlying
position of Hawaii the United States
should be prompt in providing for its
protection and Perkins said he was
willing: if a sum sufficient to accom
plish the purpose sought could be se
cured. In accordance with Perkins'
suggestion Spooner offered an amend
ment appropriating $526,100 instead
of $200,000. This amendment was ac
cepted without division.
By common consent the Senate re
sumed 'consideration of the torpedo
boat amendment and Gallinger offered
a substitute providing for competition
in securing a vessel of the type desired.
The amendment was defeated — 17
to 36.
The fortifications bill, as amended,
was then passed and the Senate went
into executive session.
In response to a request from Sena
tor Lodge, Senator Perkins explained
the reasons which actuated the com
mittee in striking out the House; pro
vision of the bill appropriating $200,
000 for the purchase of sites for de
fenses in the Hawaiian Islands, say
ing the committee's action was due to
the fact that the Government had no
option on the land for this purpose
and that therefore it might have the
effect of placing the Government at
the mercy of real estate owners. He
also said the amount named was not
sufficient.
WASHINGTON, March 15. — The
Senate to-day resumed consideration
of the fortifications appropriation bill,
the pending question being the com
mittee amendment appropriating 5250,
000 for the purchase of a submarine
torpedo-boat for experimental pur
poses.
The Eleventh Infantry, Colonel Al
bert L. Myer, which arrived yesterday.
. The location of the target range that
h.is caused eo much" discussion has fin
ally been decided upon. It will be lo
cated on Government land in Rodeo
Valley, situated about one mile north
of Point Bonita. The construction of
the G00-yard range will be commenced
to-day and it will be ready for service
April 1. The 800 and :000 yard ranges
will 1>e constructed in the same locality
later on.
A general court-martial will assemble
at the Presidio at 10 a. m. on Wednes
day, March 23, 1904, or as soon there
after as practicable. Following is the
detail for the court:
Lieutenant Colonel William I* Pitcher
Twenty-eighth Infaatrj-; Major Benjamin H*
':¦¦•¦.- ,\l . Artillery Corps; Major John Bige
low Jr.. Ninth Cavalry; Captain Jamee T.
!>>&n. Tenth Infantry: Captain Eugene T.
Wiifcon. Artillery Corps: Captain John J
O'ConneH. Ttvrnty-«!s:hth Infantry; Captain
Janice A. Lynch, Twenty-eighth Infantry;
explain Harold E. Cloke. Artillery Corps; Cap.
t^in Harold B. Fiskc. Twenty-eiphth Infantry
« ajrtaln. William M. Passett. Thirteenth In
fantry: '"amain James B. Gowen, Tenth In
'..iuy; Captain Ilalph E. Inffram Tenth J1
fertry: Captain I^nselbert G. Ovenshin*"
Twenty .fiKbtb Infantry; Captain Clarence B
t>ctnl*r. Klcventh Infantry, judire advocate
COURT-MARTIAL TO MEET.
Til* father. Coknel John L*. Clem,
fc'-m rally called th« "Drummer Boy of
Shiloh," is now chiof quartermaster of
the Philippines and is extensively
known throughout the land for his long
Fcrvice in the army, his army career
beginning at the age of 8 years. Colo
nrl Clem was a second lieutenant in
1S75.
Commander Bull will go out in
command of the Solace, which will
make the trip especially pleasant for
the younj couple. Miss Wainwright is
the daughter of the late Major Rob
ert P. P. Wainwright, Fifth Cavalry,
who died in the Philippines about two
years ago. He was one of the most
popular officers in the service and
was held in high esteem by the of
ficers snd enlisted men of his regi
ment. Major Wainwright and Miss
Marie Wainwright, the actress, were
brother and sister.
John L. Clr-m Jr. wqs one of the pas
eengers who arrived yesterday from the
Ph;iir,;:n^s oa the Thomas. Youns
Cierr. recently received his appointment
as a candidate for West Point from
President Roosevelt. through the
efforts of Secretary of War Taft.
lie .v«is graduate-! ficm Wessex Mili
tary Academy in 1002. He left last night
Icr fcan Antonn, Texas, and from there
v.i!' gc north to prepare himself for tbe
exmnlration ac West Point on June 4.
The marriage ceremony will take
place in Washington early in April.
The happy pair will then turn this
way. arriving in time to board the
navy transport Solace, sailing on May
1 for Manila. Lieutenant Bull is the
son of Commander John H. Bull,
U. S. X., now stationed at Mare
Island.
WILL WED IX CTASIIIXGTOX.
Second Lieutenant Henry T. Bull,
Thirtftrf'TKh Cavalry, came home on the
Thomas to claim his bride, who is no
other than the fair Miss Marie
¦Wainwright. niece of the famous ac
tress of the' same name. Lieutenant
Bull kept the story of his approach
ing- marriage a great secret from his
brother officers on board the trans
port, and they all wondered why, he
was leaving his regiment and coming
homJ -on leave, especially as he was not
granted sick leave. When questioned
as to why he was coming to America,
to one and all he made the same re
ply, "I am coming home on a little
business."
The different claims upon his numer
ous pay accounts have been settled by
his family, which sent drafts to cover
the accounts as soon as they learned
of his ¦:::'. culties. He does not owe
Uncle Sam anything, but the passage
of duplicate accounts is still staring
him in the face, and it Is upon these
grounds that the Government takes
fiction. Tremendous Influence is being
brought to bear by influential friends
in the Eapt with the powers at Wash
ington to have the matter sidetracked.
Neilson was married about a year
end a half ago to Miss Keller in San
Antonio, Texas. Miss Keller was
daughter of an army ofllcer. Mrs. Neil-
Bon a»d their little child. 3 months old,
were passengers oa the incoming
transport.
Firtt LAeuteaant George S. Richards
ffrw Twenty-third Jnfantry, and First
lieutenant Frederick B. Ndlson,
Twelfth Cavalry, came home yesterday
Srcni the Philippines and, If reports be
true, have conie to face very serious
charges. It is reported that they were
crdered bade to tho United State* to
jo beicra a court-martial to answer al
leged charges of Irregularities In their
accounts. Zt Is alleged that Richards.
'vfciie la p"fl about Mindanao, was
reckless about bis money matters,
'til that bis pay accounts were In a
¦ very mixed m> state. What goee to
snake -matters worse for -him is the fact
that it Is reported that he has had
; trouble before of a similar character,
; but somehow managed to make an ex
i pianatlon that vras deemed satisfactory
to the Government and the matter was
"¦Cropped.
The alleged charges against Xellson
by the Government are duplicating his
• fcay accounts. It Is reported that white
¦ in the Philippines he duplicated his ac
counts no less than five times In one
month. His brother officers are at a loss
to understand his actions, for the
reason that he belongs to a wealthy
end distinguished family in Philadel
phia, one of his brothers being a high
efflcial in the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company.
FAMILY SETTLES CLAIMS.
It has been found that the shallow
drains used in some places do not pre
vent the rise of the alkali to the sur
face. Instead of two and three feet
deep, the drains should be five and
seven feet deep. These drains will be
most effective when laid one-half mile
apart in east and west parallel lines,
as they may thus be accessible to the
owners of land on either side. The
surplus water that drains into them,
it is found, may be used again for ir
rigation purposes, instead of being al
lowed to run to waste.
According to the estimates, the cost
of a proper system of drainage for the
district will be about 5260,000.
During the investigation the Irriga
tion experts examined some 300 square
miles of land, the design being to se
cure data upon which to predicate
plans for draining off the surplus un
derground water.
Reports from the irrigation experts
of the Department of Agriculture and
the University of California upon the
drainage systems necessary to save the
vineyard and orchard lands in the
vicinity of Fresno have so far matured
that actual work- on the systems may
now go forward at any time. These
reports ar« embodied in a bulletin writ
ten by C. G. Elliott, agent and expert
on Irrigation Investigation, which was
issued at the university to-day.
The experts found from the start that
they would have to contend with the
alkali, which the abundanoe of water
dissolves from the soil in the vicinity of
Fresno and by the process of evapora
tion concentrates at the surface. Not
alone is this alkali Injurious to or
chards and vineyards, but so is the
excess of -water that fills the soil. The
evil has been growing so that it threat
ens to end In the final destruction of
thousands of acres of producing land.
Incorporation Effected in Ot
tawa After the Filing
of the Minnesota Suit
Cause of the Trouble Is Al
leged Irregularities in Pay
Accounts in Philippines
Seepage From Canals Rises
to Surface and Destroys
Properties of the Soil
Solons Appropriate $526,100
to Purchase Sites for Pro
posed Means of Defense
MATTERS LOOK SERIOUS
GIVEN LARGE POWERS
WATER MAY BRING RUIN
THE tfEASUEE IS PASSED
Irrigation .Experts Investi
gate and Report Upon a
Proposed Drainage System
Lieutenants Richards and
Xeilson Eeturn From Ma
nila to Face Court-Martial
Northern Securities Com
pany May Transfer Opera
tions to the Dominion
GERMANS MOB
JAN KUBELIK
an autograph letter from the Emperor
to Viceroy Alexieff, to whom he will
report. It is understood that the
Viceroy then will turn over tne entire
direction of the land operations to
General Kuropatkin, who will trans
mit his reports to the Emperor,
through the Viceroy, but practically
this is the only point on which Viceroy
Alexieff will maintain superiority.
CAMPAIGN FLAX COMPLETED.
General Kuropatkin had his plan of
campaign practically completed before
he left here for the Far East. He re
turned to St. Petersburg quietly from
ST. PETERSBURG, March 15.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin expects to reach Muk-'
den on March 26. Everything will be
sidetracked in order to get him to
the front on schedule time. The gen
eral may proceed on a flying visit
on his duties as commander in chief
of the Manchurian army. He bears
Prince Louis Napoleon has gone to
the Caucasus, accompanied by Prince
Marat. Prince Louis will relinquish his
command of the cavalry division of the
Caucasus and then proceed to the Far
East, where he will take supreme com
mand of the cavalry under General
Kuropatkln.
The Dowager Empress to-day in
spected her own Red Cross detachment,
which* is proceeding to the front.
The statement of General Zilinsky
that the Russians found poisoned
swords left by the fleeing Japanese has
aroused much comment. Similar swords
were used by the Chinese dying the
Boxer rebellion, especially in Manchu
ria, and the slightest wound Inflicted
by them proved fatal. The use of such
weapons Is prohibited by the Geneva
and The Hague conventions.
of these having already been dis
patched from St. Petersburg and 5000
from Moscow.
XAPOLEOX TO IjKAD CAVALRY:
his country home and his ' presence
there was not known for four days.
These four days he devoted to the
elaboration of his plans, in conjunction
with his staff and with the aid of the
information in possession of the Min
istry of War, as well as of the spe
cial reports from the theater of • war.
; A superstitious idea prevails here
that General Kuropatkln will signal
ize his birthday, which, will occur on
March 30, and which is also his patron
saint's day, with some important act.
On account of the difficulty of hous
ing the vast number of troops poured
into Mukden, 14,000 have been forward
ed within the last few • days toward
the Yalu River as reinforcements for
the 7000 troops already at Kusan and
Anju, and the stream of soldiers from
European Russia is now being held at
Harbin. The housing problem will dis
appear with the advent of warm weath
er, but* in the meantime the Govern
ment is hurrying forward large num
bers of portable wooden quarters, 1800
MUST ANSWER
GRAVE CHARGES
PLAN TO SAVE
FRESNO LANDS
General Goes to Front With His Plan of
Campaign Completed.
HAWAII WILL
BE FORTIFIED
Bill Providing for Protec
tion of the Islands Meets
With Approval of Senate
CANADA GRANTS
HILL A CHARTER
RUSSIAN LAND ADVANCE TO BEGIN WHEN KUROPATKIN REACHES EAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, 'MARCH 16, 1904.
NET\V YORK. March 15: — The fol
lowing Californians have arrived in
New York: From San Francisco S.
H. O wings, at the Broadway Central;
J. A. Beritzhoff, at the- Everett; H.
Dechart, at. the Belvidere; and T. S.
Lowell, at the Rossmore. From Los
Angeles — Mrs. Croft, at the Imperial,
and .Mrs. Garty, at the Grand Union.
from the Philippines, has temporarily
gone into the Model Camp at the Pre
sidio, where they will remain for four
6 r five days, and then proceed East.
Cnlirorniun-s In New York.
Smoker on Revenue Cutter.
The officers of the revenue cutter
Bear wfll entertain at dinner on board
that vessel to-ni^ht the' officers 'of the
San Francisco Yachf Club. Aftef k din
ner there will ' e a smoker on board
the Bear, when other members, of the
yacht club will attend.
Colonel John. Sobieski . will, .deliver
an address before the Howard-street
Methodist Church this evening! He is
speaking under the auspices of -the
Prohibition; State Central Committee.
He is ah orator* of note ', and has 'gained
great- popularity on the lecture iplat-~
form. '
Colonel Sobicski to Lecture.
Post street.
Recent events have shown that the
most comfortable homes are usually the
most "happy and have u pas range from
San Francisco Gas and Electric Co.,;415
Investment Company Incorporates.
5
£? ADVERTISEMENTS.
CiOSJNG WEEK
of Price Reductions on
ORIENTAL RUGS
100 HAMADAN and KARABAGHS
$4.50 to $7.50
75 SHIRVAN and BEL00CHISTANS
formerly $20.00 to $25.00, now. . . $15.00
75 SHIRVAN, DAGHESTAN, BEL00CHIS-
TAN and KAZAKDJIE
formerly $25.00 to $30.00, now... $18.00
Splendid values in KHIVA, CASHMERE,
KIRMAN and PERSIAN, carpet sizes.
This closing week we offer remarkable
Fnrnitnre for Ball, Library, Parlor,
Dining-Roora and Bedroom; also Uphol-
stery and ' Lace Curtains.
SLOANES
H4-i22 POST STREETWeir Given Judgment.
OAKLAND. Marcly 15.— A judgment
for W. K. Weir was given by Judge
Ellsworth to-day in a suit brought
egainst him by the Phoenix. Iron
Works. He was charged with having
converted 54.000 pounds of Iron val
ued at S2600 to his own use- The
case was submitted to the Judce.with
out any evidence being put in upon
Weir;s side, his attorneys believing his
accusers had -failed to make out a
case. In this they were sustained.
SAN LEANDRO. March* 15.— W. PJ
Truesdale, who for- twelve ' years * has
conducted tbe San Leandro' Standard,
recently sold the paper. to L, D. Critch
low, and the new proprietor will pub
lish the first issue.under. his manage
ment next Friday morning.
Standard Chanjres Hand-;.
ALAMEDA. March 15. — The Board
of Education to-night elected C H-
Allen census marshal; Percy R. Fox,
J. H. Helmsteln and Chauncey Pond,
deputies; P. S. Teller, for the Alameda
Advancement Association, and Mrs.
M. F. McGurn of the civic section.
The Adelphian Club . requested the
board's co-operation to select a date
for Arbor, day. The .board named Di
rector Frank Otis to confer - with the
two representatives on the subject.
Elects Official*.
OAKLAND, March 15.— A fight; In
the Police Court to-day of attorneys
for H. C. Richardson and Bert Par
ker, charged with pool selling, ended
in the overruling of demurrers to
complaints and the setting of both
cases for trial. The attorneys declare
they will sue out writs of habeas cor
pus and make the test again in the
Superior Court-
Pool Selling: Cases Set for Trial.
OAKLAND. March 15. — C. C. Haek
ett. colored, was acquitted to-day by
a jury on a charge of mayhem. He
wag accused by his niece, Luvenia
Russell, with having struck her on the
fingers with a stick, breaking two of
them. She had refused to get up and
Haekett was about to administer a
little corporal punishment. The girl
threw out her .hand and the blow
failed of its mark and struck her fln
gess. The jury took the view that the
blow on .the fingers was accidental.
Haekett Is Acquitted.
OAKLAXD. March 15. — The Ala
meda County division of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians will give its an
nual ball on the evening: of St. Pat
rick's day. The affair is fn charge of
the following committees: Arrange
ments — T. J. Desmond, C. J. Curran,
K. J. Murphy. J. Cuniff, J. R. Kelly,
W. J. Tcbln and Charles Dwyer; floor
— County President T. J. Desmond, J.
J. Pegnam, D. Spillane, T. Nolan. T.
E. McGovern, D. Manor and J. JU
Kelly; reception — R. Heaney, J. For
rest. T. F. Joyce, F. McAllister and
L. J. Murphy; door — George Shields^
W. H. McGuire, W. Lenane and
Charles Dwyer.
lUiirrnlan-' Annual Ball.
Jasper Re«bta4e, Raymond L*tsery; Jon
athan Roseblade.- Jcbn Ztosabse: Claode Rare
blade. Artbur Klar; Kanpbrey Hig><m, Frank
McKeegaa: Jonas Hcadle. Klcras Locd; rather
Hylton. John Grl'fta; Lord CIroore. Edwin
Keller: IJeatecant George Florville. Rayiccjid
McMactu; Biickey Brown." Ell*!ia Jones;
Satslaty gssith. L«eo BltttttS; Sir Hecry Har
rtnytoc. Gntorr Haran: ShertS. Kest Flnni
gaa; Oracle Ttorp ifarsekeepers, William
Whitney ar.d Jo*eph Dirlae; Russell, Michael
and Richard, officers,. Georte - Nclaa.* Track
Karl*y ar.-J Matthew Ralecb; tse p&risb priest
of Gowran Coanty.- Kllken:^-.
OAKLAXD, March 15. — "The Irish
Eviction," a drama prepared especial
ly for the St. Patrick's day celebration
at St. Patrick's Church In West Oak
land, will be presented by the follow
ing cast. Father J. B. McXally assum
ing 1 the role of the parish priest:
Will Present Irish Drama.
OAKLAND. March 15. —^W. H. Car
roll and Thomas O'Xeil were held to
answer to-day by Justice of the Peace
Coburn at Emeryville on a charge of
robbery. It is claimed the pair stole
$14 from John Hanrahan; a Civil War
veteran, Rt the racetrack.
Held on Robbery Charge.
A suit for 55030 da Triages £2edl
yesterday asaisst the Oyster Workers*
Union by F- B. Whitman, a fortaer
messber of th* xxsioa- E? clalns he
was forced to join th* -csioa fcs order
to crake a kv-.r- and that r«.r:»r «
membership of a trw months he vns
forced oct because he worked too
card and too rapidly to suit bis felloir
member?. He says that after leavfcjr
the cnion he could not get work aad
that when he sought reisstatesssrri fcs
was denied a card.
Oy«UT Worker Sues Union.
Pens&nest crsaziuUoa— J. A. Neighbor.
Irring MeUter. Walter Stalder acd E. K. Kil
g«re. . * *^
Seslor b»IJ— Miss EHlxabeth AroeSn. Mt*»
Nettie Abbott. Ji'-s* Earafa Md>aa. Miss' 11* -
Hoc - Borness. MI* * Marlon I>eale. F1«tccer
Ha si! tea. John W. Geary, E>e Witt BUbee
aad Roy Snsen.
Afteraoon — Hart Greea»f*Jd»r. lllss Vlrsinla
mrkltebead. M!«.« Faith £-hccp. M;«* Marzaret
Headersoa. Xlse Pcrtia Ackerisan. Miss Loa
tee Ermine. Aatfcocy Meany. A. A. Roeejishto*
Rl<iard O'Cotacr. Harold Morrtsca aad Stan
ley Stneheiraer.
ilortilzg— Robert McWiUlaats. M!a» Natalie
V.'c : .l*r.b*rr. Miss Rubena Jones 3tUs Susie
Daniels. Stanley Syxasez. PhlUp M. Carey.
Arttror R. TTaphaeea aad Jerome Whtte.
Is acUdratloa of clacx day. Scott Hea
drlck«. tbe class preddest. has naav>d the va
rksos eoaisdttees. who bjire beea charged wita
the task of settle* cp soraetbic^ aore elabo
rate than has ever before beea att*aspted. The
coeuntttces are Use following:
Geceral — Jataea E. Ros<!bosse Miss ZHiza''
betB Araeill. Walter Stalder. Robert McWll-
Uasns and Hart G«er.»fe!d«T.
BERKELET. Uard> 15.— Jcha A. Brewer
'C3 has te*a appointed fcj Preyiiest Wheeler
to cerr* u Els private secretarr ia the place
c£ Jfaifcaii Hctzb. wt« resirned the cf 2oe to
resume his law studies. Brewer wiU >erre
p*3>C=# tie selection cf a aew seeTetarr by
the Board d Regents to ccecpy tbe office xsade
vacant ty the defalcating cf CTUUas A. M«-
KoweD. w>u»e place Victor Headeraca Is sow
occapytn?. Wb«n a new jecretary is ajrpofnt
ed Headenoo will go bacit to Ms fonsrr datles
as secretarr U» tie president.
Frederick Btxby. a senior ia tbe Ezxiseerics
CoJi»r*, wbo was attacked witlt iUoi po'.<«»-
Icjf as a result ef * #l!r!rt wo«ad recetred ca
Labor day. Is recover!::?. To« <Urx»r was so
srea: at cr* tkae that tbe phy».e-.as« is at
usdaace eoot«iz:^!ated ressovtcs tbe patlect's
ana. bat later d»v»Tcf ra*ttj sisowed tsU was
txsrecessary.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
\rre*t.s Pair of Sn«pe««t
OAKLAM), llarch 15. — Men giving
the names of John Smith and Fred
Hill were arrested at coon to-day by
Patrolman Hamerton as suspicious
characters. They had a lot of slot
machine slugs and other articles that
the police think are evidences of burg
larious intentions on the part of their
'prisoners.
OAKLAND. Harch 15. — The fon?>w
ing marriage Uceirses were iss^-^i
the County Clerk to-day: Frank
Blair. -?2. and Mirta^n Orezbaca, 17.
both of San Francisco: Tcvv*-n h^
Cooper. 25. Lo=s?oc. acd Adaij E-
Horr. 23. Alarseda; \CiUia~! K. Loxe-
Joy. ZZ. Oakland, asd Erusa L. Scia
cran. 29. Alarneda.
.Marriage Iieeii5*"s.
After several ehort *r>eeches the
oaeetJns adjourned until Tuesday night
to me*t at the chapel of the First
Presbyterian Church.
FUsdrM, Tb*« tils ccscaisti** a=4 tte n»»ra
ber» o; thi* e!v*» J» seneral *->.! at a!l Crises
wtr* with *»i in fcanscnr wirb cor iysttcrakte
Xaror. Cttr OmcU, taanlcipal rovenunent aai
wttA all Iroprovercest clubs of tfee ritjr havfcuj
tfc* «e!£are cf tte- city and the passage cf
be.*fl« at fce»rt.
•*Cac:paJ«^> f>jss=isti»*." wfeo** «*3ty u •".>.::
be te k*?p tfc* »*?=ber8 cf this crab at w&rk
t-.i u. sup *?i\ irmn tisie to tlrnt rack metb
/>Js cf cainpBfyBlrjf as will be inrtft efficient to
tbe ».--"*:.-; teteae of tbe iyr.-i eleetlcrzi; be it
Jcrth*r
We r=n!i*r ajrr»e to> iiti car ererT effwt
fr<rta »«--»• ca *si cstil tl>» rlcuse cf the 4ay t»
fc* »»?l fisr tb* 'v.t. i erecttca oi sail <-r ".• . be
« f-artb^"
I^wcvtTcd. Tfcat we elect at this tlnse, frcrrn
U>e is^a:Vtrs <if tcis "Boc«t4r «3ub," twerity
fere <rfti**Bs, t<» b» fcxrwa awl <Je*trsateri *i a
HGIfT FOB BONDS.
ri.sfj*_ 'Jtjty zzm; cosatr far«ri ar^ *ii tfae
*»-«**. T«.u «U fcaeir rial ssi«*» X»rr^ «3S3s
ar» *r«ii tw cerafct Ssa-se p«r'i-*. «r*»t».
-Joha L. Howard, chairman cf the
City Cocccii Bond C*c-r-.r^ttee. 2C
aiy2**I th* r*^r^rt of tfc* bond eomnUt
tee and p*.:nt**i otit CsaiunaJ aspects of
the bond plan acd ccticSaded:
Cvzttl »m liw tisar '.f tie t'.-ra* tiIV>,V/>,
vr <»5 c*r t>^:f. :'»¦ 4*t«*-I t-i wtsas csay tc
tem><, t&riellj z.il'.e.i.T'-z.n p*r.><rts. ac<4 fi.
b*»3ti*r»tfr-.c '.' -i-+ >tt. '-- '-.? tie pi-ta*>5~
is£ txzzlon. i£ lit f**-»***TT*>
OfTTED EFFORT .\.SKKD.
Ttec aad Jart.ca^-ji »>>t3 r«*iJ * 5?^»s2i
iMtatfioa cf tat rarUsu milTiiB ttas dM cess -
l=Stt«» Si CS-« ii^iCXSJt <£ZZ7 TX-K 6t C> ?r«
«=t ;.» th* fjt-jii-aii* t~zx;*'A*?iSJt?a et dM
citix^s*. W^* "<*S »» witii ti* earsest fc«5pe
tfcat «r:*r ta* year» of waJtfes ar>S*f frsjt-
J«!« <ixcstmics ti* Has *i»aii <ncxs£sft4. Crtt,
Oi **rtocf ibos«fet <rf tie asd te «c
?*r ajf « rs.«t appr^ral tt*t It snsaM fet
fcaHc>if ty ii* >. - i -¦-»<.-.•» przrir/r*: asA
wcrfe at«i«< tA w»^v^ it Uazs«<Uat«!7 *rf!---.-»
!**/¦» tfa» f-rst<.TTVaa» that er«r>- t7>i triiizerr
Cctted eSitt «ta S-^*& fc*T f> her
j.ra^*T plae*.
It f* .vit *> rararJi * fcic <iJT t&a-t »» wast.
fcot wtjater«T fc»r *fz* l«t b*r be *• «•»! city.
*>-«< is «ij is^r tp(icimai>£r>. rsi f x4 In a"
Dr. H. E. JI*hnrann read resolutions
ths»t w«rre adoofd as fo!Jov--s:
Hs*':ir*4. That we ifyrvre «rf tbe ;-.•«--;»¦.:
»etUe c* Use fcrttairakls itayesr sad Qty Coaa
<il, aad we farther bar*oy ask tire boooratrie
Jtar 1^ •*>* Ojcrscil to estop-We as.4 pr»»eat to
©or cnlserj for Uwrtr scSfrajfe tbe bead isstse at
cs carir a date as >-,-»i:i.i*.
SC2E or 7&Z. Xrj$T ACTIVE ME1I
BKZS OP THr: C'AKI.AXI> BCO3T-
¦ nztzi**? max** **"*-
Zi *>*»*» 'JO. ¦¦## <((--w>o<«3«*«v,. >£ «a S
•»<««, * «w,.w i ¦•¦•• '-• v$ &** rz**?i**»
tJeay tsA t*& *f *ti'§ **tnv« -— - ti> ¦ •>
v-% t*X4 •¦•-<. - *->¦: '*-¦•" ••¦'¦¦' : ¦¦' - *'¦¦>•-*
s» ffilf ****** s* }..-\*>*r.#fr *.»**•-* .*«* £*£-
to^i *&•»%. * <**, vn» riv *iwt' tow m- x*7 e?
r>, £. ,.-¦:¦» *V.-v, if. t#30SWmg, *SCA *>* *» M *-«!
U1»JSSm*i >.t iX. Kiss* ¦: m ¦¦¦¦ «W, &tff-
VKt'A'.'t "» fA ******%¦ rv i ¦'*¦ Tt Il-W
t-/ flat* it Wtae* T*t*-l0#t ISWMK * aiaa*
SD394- S» **>-t%BK2*Sf, t#tn*i*r*l *3*.
«« # iss* <w *** *«- **^t>i*. JW W «£ Oa*
«tr«« sr sm ».» * os. .rt-a ;*, 5s e tall *:
A.ac» 8L <s« Vi£i*Si & 2£m$£*tj#s* *f*r M*s
r«rfasa» rv ;1? ->j«w ' f* ChH»a»*e^--- *^^=rs=* •*
XW w f«i«: S5 *W trsss &«si*sa*»s. *a XT.'
Us* e! ***£ tit *, Htxr^'jf , li 13 fet£H ! — .
pc-Ttics' e* Jfe< 5 l&Kk C Sf.t> •* Wnaul
Kill iiozTZJitlx E«3« Trarti C^ra.sa: tat
LC11* D. ii*#i iKT^jK/ li-J- C. ISSCT^fSBBL
let oa V." U=* Ci*«rjc=s sarct-t. Sifc < o^
TMrtr-fwrta 9.C7 *ar W J-S. ftioe* <I6.
Uuard^uui's Sl»p. (jf:»,id; *2».
F. C- J*r^-1» ta MiTJ a.. Vg-'V-a -n I..
Charles F.. EJirsi«ia *. xsd HaCir E. Jar*.*
aad X»va JarrU C*«et3L V»f <?a aTST «e?a«r -.-f
SycaotCT" Jkst4 Gr«* tft^etJ!, i 5 ij JT 1V0.
r<.tion let i^>, fc?-ck M. rr.*g R Krl«7'»
Traot. Oakland: «7«L
Theodore ana Feriisasde Gi^z 1» C»rt Or«ria
i!>irit!e) »nd ll'rrjett* Gc-mi *«ait5Je*. ire ca
s* line «f Thrrt . -aere^fi -tr.*« l*»^s«- E «f
W*e*t. E 81 by S =SO. !«t* 12 *-»i r, V-^cx
A. Major Gi.»a Tract, inti^ad: $1*
T. K. ded Flora B?«s U> K. G. Ew»- fe^ *r»
N lire of A!catras avenae. 23*:^% E «f L-^wt!
*tr*ft. i; n ?r ic, w :*>. a in. ton «. ttot*
U. map siiNIvuka of S pertUra Ii*T3a..'2 Tr*£t.
fVrlje'cy; S!T7O»\
John A. and K.-i:!>rrine K. ;-¦-¦- K> '^ - ->
F. Jlott <jins:>>. lot en X Iir.« <«T I^aciSsr:
aver.sic 37:« : E of B^nton #tr«e:. E C7.4. X
1'1.:m. \v aT:«. S iui.2:;. lot a aad rwrtka
lot 2. Mock A, ira? i>art Fitch Tr»rr. Al»
rr.*i!a; -»10.
Evlanoy-Randlett Cocnrary <cc»n>arati-?s!» to
J( !>n I'.a^a. tot on E line of Liur«l rrre-?.
4*« S of Cilntrn avenas>. S Kl bT E «E«. V-«
W. Mock A. map Be!>\-u? Trart. Alar»9«fa; C*
Ira and Oi^rlotte A. '".. .:j ¦ _.-. t» L T. stsl
Mjry J. ?t?vrn5i>T!, lof on E JS^e Osffftfrr
strrft. V9&X S of Tw-irti s ZT:« by E IS.
km 7 «a«2 ;'>r.:en cf k>f S. block i-^ BO <
CbcstCf aal Ont-r «tr?et» I?t«. Caii*--i: H»-
Geor;e H. and Vbrtmr A. rvrrVk ir» iTt-»
¦5V::iia^r* t<:rtr!*i. tot i biork B. -aai» -irticj:
ire fcr rah»3c u»e a? h^t-»ay laaia <-a li»
W liar of O*i?»isd «Ti«a*. S f. 'iua * !rv» J
FUat TYrr-*. =c<{ rrtirtwca •as' i«^3 1 ta fc.
; »; :¦: i B- Oii^u>-1 V:e» HjsaesufxA. »^rr»=iy
«:««5 Oai:3=d: $4V«L
1. A. asJ Srsnjr V. lfan£&2 ««^»> ta X
: nee. SS. « of I>wisiS ¦*-»r. ? -O E O%
: fci<ark 2. ;4'Lv*i!ii Ji&s K«»ra«T. «;..¦ £«!%»-
Tr~iZ?r i ri TS"E3te% ts» SaxzaH TST2i»s. lee •¦
i TST tt» cf Sixa ativct. 2M» J8 «f r*ti«-Er» ¦«"
133 fcy N ». Srtsaf 5 ii «« liK pc«*J» ef
nwm^t A.?wrrtityT5. rc=ai=is? »;:•»¦ tUk-
O«* Cruse W«» ?^a- sg -» ia Lew* J. Jfsra
a*i F». V. J. »«r»t=!. lac -o» i 1 *!— VST nrw *f
Vffrra ae-*S- JLetc^ac *??****. W raSfWt, K" ;«\
E 25-T5, ? IS*.. i~» II. 12 a»S p^r-.Jo-» «* lo<»
U7". K<*-
E<^tai«_ GarCsci. Faasy f^e-setK. Yvbp+
VZ:'Zj.=Li tjrt: «*iS5=:itratrat es«a^ «rf E.
BL riraicst. l 7 H -J". Patser—--. «x=?w*ri??r>
ta CaU.'«rsifc PK:t-£aes *si I^&a 1 1 ¦ ; n jli
lil m r. Sae *»I Serersi «Tr»5sjt*r> sere*!. CS
fT'JS.
£L I». aa4 5£i=^e C. Kac&xuVf t> B^;^,
5tara»«etfT. let ca S Rae of ror=a Vlrrm
ar^rs*. I2»:1I W of ,«t. C**rie* #tr^t. W n j-r
5 liw. prrem iocs 13 aad 14. Me*-* U. ~» 9
rr-rre-rtr *"f C-;t-rriftc> Bar*.>tl. near V**tJ-*
«ai*r!L. » *=rr*: P«<-:i>r RaTjnal. Ala=~i».
wa.-ra£lT <d»ed: **•**¦«»
Sara tpatrts-wk «wi45-»« t> ":>.•.: K. asi
Hatt2« L. Harris. l« «s ?f Uae P*rtir «t»
«*. 5s»:ll W cf St. C!atr!*» ftrce*. TT 54 l-»
X 154. Joe 7 a=<S fcrtsco e* fc« «» Mock I., esai
FrciKTty ©f CUasic! EazrJ«t. i^sida- f->
W"i2ii=> &- ao-i Vena U Ge«» *wt?*» w d
J. «i=a-wl W«e X ISsp- v« Pa«*5c aT«sar,
ICC E «-f »tr»»s. E»!r.N 13t>:2. tee i.
t>>ck 1*. Ua>£> aljacr=t ta Earisai. Aizrssla-
Charles G. 3!ortenson Says Life With
Her Is Crnelty — Pearl Perry
Granted a Divorce.
OAKpAXD. JIarch 15. — Because
she would not get up in the morning,
and was continually complaining,
Charles G. 3Iortensori has begun suit
for divorce against Caralee K. Mor
tensbn on the ground of cruelty. He
allegres life with her is unbearable,
and asks the court to grant him a de
cree of separation from her.
Pear! Perry was granted a divorce
from J. R. Perry, a barber, by Judge
Og-dc-n on the ground of cruelty. It
was shown that Perry was in the habit
of indulging in the pastime, of pulling
his wife around by the hair and
throwing things at her. She was al
lowed to resume her maiden name of
lx>la P. Rutherford.
WOULD BE FREE OF
A CO3IPJUU.VIXG VIVE
Mies Emrsa S<rhnman.~ daughter of MrJ and
Mn Charles f^c human ef . ZZltl Railroad ' are
nae,. becare* the bride is Oakland this eren-
Injr of William Randolph Lovejoy. Miss Etta
Scbuman was maid of honor and F. <X: Seba
man ' best man. Mr. and Mrs. Lov*joy - win
reside at M»4 TelesraDh averrae. Oakland.
Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Baseenros entertaised at
dinner last 'evenlns in honor of Dr.- W..-L.
Friwinun. «%o has just returned from a. year's
study in Europe. -Amoss the Kuests were ¦VTH
11am McLanghlin and Gcotge Fester. '
Mr. and Mrs. Ramon Arias Feraud^of En
cinal arenue and Chestnut' street have gone
to Panama en a visit. Mr. Feraud.la the Con
sul at Han Francisco for tbe new republic of
Panama.
Mrs. Carrie U Beatty of 211(0 Eagle avecne
and Edwaid J. -PnUen were married yesterday
at San Rafael by the Rev. A. E. AJdrlch of
that town. Mrs. Pullen was the widow of I a
well-known travelisx man. who died at Xoise
four years' agro. She is talented with the
bruah. and se-reral of her pictures bare been
praUed by critics. Mr. aad Mrs. Pullen wfil
coctlnne to reside at the beme cf the bride
her*. ' "* ' ' ¦ . ¦ - . . ' ¦ \ ¦ ¦ . -, ¦ ¦
AL.AMEDA. March 15. — Mis« Ada^Elizabeth
Hcrr acd waifc»m HabbartI Corner were
vedded this evenisr *t §:30 o'clock at the
re»ideac* cf tbe bribe's p«r«ats. Mr. a&d Mr».
Obed Horr./lie2 Broadway. The Rer. TVU
liam Nonsan Gathrie, rector of Christ Epi«
copaJ Cbarch, otficlated. Tfee weddis«r truest*
were -limited to the rela tire* and issiztate
friends cf the bridal pair. MIm Marguerite
Horr was maid of honor and Jobs Uoore of
canta S Barbara was be«t maa. ¦ The others
were Earnael £:«» of B*rkeley and Joseph
Cooper. Tbe bride's dress was of liberty «ilk.
trianaed with real lace. Her maid of beno*
was attired ia pink chiffon. Mr. aad 3>ir».
Cooper will reside In Sacta Barbara. = where
tbe sroom i* extensively interested >¦ in horti
culture with his father.
Marshall Darick. th* noted ?hakesp»areaa
reader, will l*ctare at Ebell on the last Thurs
day or March. HI* robject will be "Th* Mer
cbaot of "Venice." Mr. Darick has been lectur
ics before tbe Cfeancliu!; Auxiliary and every
appearasce ha« beea rreeted by Urge crowds.
Mrs. F. B Daliara entertained a Cre haa
dred cfub at her hosn* lart Friday evenis*. th*
prizes be!nR wen ty Mr*. .George C. Borne
bubd and Setb Mass.
Mr. aad Mrs. Kananerer wfll rpead tfcelr
boeevracon in this vicinity asd will then r«
tara to Arbackle. where they will reside.
Aswas those that were vztaevx at the wed
dic* were- Hugh Beltcs. tbe bride's brother,
a&d Or. Cascn of Cciosa.
.Tfce Esarriase oC Mtes Al£T*e Beltca aa.5 E4
•w.r'i TV. Ka— .rr.«r-*r *u io{«iaaii«<I last *t*s
in? tor Rrr. Fatb*r McE««a«T at tfce r«»H«ice
o-f Mrs Zc* G. Radeliffe oa Ftrt««:tl» «tr**t-
The ccr«=KrnT *» witn*»*ed fcy a few tiear
frJen-is aa.1 r*Jativ*». tise hrt<J*'» coosia*. Jaza*s
''ir.Tf.i of .-*n Fraactrco ar.i Mtaa Lecill*
RadcUSe. b«rtB« the oaly atwadasts- Tb«
fcrl-i* Is a dasrltter «f tb* lat« Dr. W. H. B*I
tcn of Crfusa and a srnta4ai«oe of the fca=<Jer
of ToUr.'l Uedieal O:IIes«. tite Ute £>r. To
tand. Sbe is an cscsoaQr attrarttve rtrl cf
nsaajr a.-<:-rn>;-T:*l i .3i*r.t< asd bas been exc*ed
lapty poftiUr In her eoastry beca* awJ a!*o tn
San Francisco, wiser* she fcaa masy frtead*.
The irrticci J» also a messier cf cue of Ccla
ta*« o»d faisiUes, aai he aad tU bride baTe
rrcwa np torether. Mr. Kasicserer U cir»i«r
of a mercantile «ut;:«.-.r'r,l In Arbackl* and
is very wetl liked by both social and btuiaet*
ajfoctate*.
Ot!i«T» trwmt w»r» Mn. T. 1-. Barker, Mr*.
E. H. B«iJ»=;is «ri- Ocry* B7-a«sa£n. M».
Kit* Ecltler. Mrs. M. C. Ciarcsaa. Mr». C.
C- CUt, Mr*. Oktt* H. Cetltna. Jin. E. J.
Co-.tvs, Mn. Carttan Craise. Mn. Wxillan
O«*i. Mn. Thcir;a» Crrtlla. Mr». K. P. Cat
t:=* SIUs Jtoit Cr»!:tl. Mr». J. S. Ec=«!T.
Ur» LlHUn E;n;! Everts. « Mir« Aua Far
rier, Mr» G*onr« D. Gr*r. M?». E. A. Heraa.
Mr* F. I KrsAtZU MiM I«b*U« Kealili,
Jlr». W. J. MatSs*w». Mrs. Fraarfj Ma«r,
lira. Osari«« B. Par«n«. M.t, too der B5??p»
Mr*. A.. Bow*, J*n. J. R- ScapSaja. Mra.
Fr«!*Tick i»tit!>. Mr». G««xe H- WT>«»Jon.
Mrs. Elizabeth I*jw Tortter. itr«. Rai*rt
Wfc!t»iead. 3tfr». "W. H. G*mt« aad Mrs. J.
Lcraa P***s.
Tin. Slot? was antrMd ta nwseirtey t>-4ay
fc-r - "-* beani of i.r»'.-. .r'. :r.-.lr:ii=? if .J* >1»".-:
T. Gr*y. M«s» J»csl« KaS. Mrs. Va&i*rw.k.
>£r» T. H. Gartvs. Mm. Z. T. GHsta Krt.
T. C. Cnccac, Mn. G*sr»e it. Shaw aad Mr'.
"t»eair»»t Xi«Sl" <A. Bt^.iweietl. "A BUI Fixme
ti* KiHlser— a Jfccoi^tra*'' «Xay Ua**!;-*
Ft»k>. Kri. Hrr-i*r: cycie ot ten?*. "Stsmir
tizuf' (Rvziliy, fa) Dayfcrsai. «t) Msralas.
?c) ErecJsj. «i) Xichj. Mrs. E>exwr.
Th* '¦•.•: :+ zHK'&iiTzm was as ;-:;-.«••: '»>
'¦T!s« 5.- v-.,: ]>.« aa<S tbc K.r'" £i*.-lc-i
Cfcalr" <S-fcsyJ*r Kin«>, <b) ••<>=«• <rf Nan*
Xora'« tTj-i4NDas« Fi!r? Ta!*^" (YTteA. Ffenr
«*, /c» 'Ti« Mi*v«;iF-BKw" fEdswrid Vaac*
C»i*). Mr». Ss7i«r; '«> *Xit»Je Bht Pljaea"
<wsr4« tr Eares* Field, eerf* br J. K<Kricf
ton FairUalsl. "fMtirai" -B i--... Mra. I>ex
t«T; "la Sa!«ia Town" <E»**3«:r I>Tac*3 W/»';,
*cr Kn. Ssrder AsjiiaTX'd b«r renat:*!tr ekss
a^slratir. 3<r»- Dexter, who wm acoos::
sstrrt. ets?, any»es <!ti>er :i.- r». P/^'Ji
twaetifa! jots rrei*. "S«=aser Ttoe." {
OAKLAND. 3*arefe tS. — W«o~i fey the
»;-¦•.-:-'¦ asaa tSe frwaJi* cf «xe*J'-?ai
»£UrUSBS3«St S3 ESSSTSiHj ' ir?» Br==Ji*T
cr Ei*2 W3« fcctit tfae prtuy cl^t
t-atzs izSjlj. Tfce s^-^^ti^s «=4 pri«r«rs2i*
w«r» ciAt tt* *s*pic*« «f tt* Tsfe» estltsre
«¦¦--:--, Ifn. OrrZoa it. Stofp fc*-.=jf '.:-.i;.--ir.
far Use Mlixrs^fjo. Dramatic ao4 c=atcal
a.o:=i*r» we?* c&z.ir'.tzi&i t-7 Mn. Carrit
:-:-it fcri^r *=«i Mrs. C*rrl* 3rs»a D«t*^
a=d the cJi«* *rt«rti«s isfT« to a v»ry feoetiy
pT'jxrtsuati •«« * SiiMris* trii«te t> bcia
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Vincent's i&ritet stUI rtrsains
closed, the proprietor beis^ usable to
preenre aay srtat. The beszes claim
they have ail the men they want, aad
that th*:y are perfectly satisfied with
pce««-Et conditions. Th* meniber* of the
Jocked-out crion iray that ail th"5
tmfon Eta retrain firm and that they
bttend to carry the fight to a finish.
The tnmbte b*fsreea 'the loagahore
nren ar^d the lumber clerks, or tally
men, has been taken up by the Feder
ated Trades Council, aad that body ha»
apj>oint*d a committee to take charge
of the rr.att*r and endeavor to adjurt
the dispute to the satisfaction of all
parties concerned. The members of the
cmuiiitrfaf are J. P. ReboII. president
of the F*derated Trades Council; R.
Wiand, former president of Carpenters*
Union No. S8. and J. L. Clark, delegate
tr> the "Building Trade* Council.
The LaccJry "Workers* Union has
Cnished work on its new wage sched
ule. ?Co change In hours will be asked
foT, the only demand beicg for a 1%
per ftmt raise !n wages.
Thomas H. Neviu. proprietor of the
Wilson llarket, has be«s co7Sp*!Ied to
accept the tensa of the b-'MS batchers,
and has visaed the a?rreerserst
suyt to hire cslon ie*ti- How
ever, while fc* agrees isot t&
tire crxicE mea, Nexin also re
fusses-to.eia^Jarrnon-csion asea acl,
pendSag the s-etilemert of the trouble,
be la r.~-.:.z z.'.'. bis own work and is
r-r-i6&ctlz.s tfc« btiirteess sin^te handed.
Oaklind OJEce San Francisco Ca
Ills BrcaulTray. ilarch 1*.
OAXLJLV2: HArch Ii. — ¥*rzzz£XTZ
orysclxitlo^ <if 'te OzxlzrA &-yy*ter*
*aj i.Krx.rz.'&Va't**. to-r.l?ht et a.r. »r.
thatiastie tr»**Jr_? cf ran izS- womes
of tils city held at the R»lia.=ce Cl-i.
Represe-ntAtive* of the city g^o-vern
cest. ilerch-ictr' Excfcur.ge. Oakland {
Board ©i Trade ar.4 irspro-resie^'-s I
dsba. csore than S^ earnest worker* |
fcr projcre**. took part la the cssQue I
jpaihtrtrjK. ti.» omgT^rwtli of ti>« Oajc- " (
iiiil Boari of Tr3-i*"s r«rc*rr:t trip to
Lo* Ar-f»Le*- la the aaiiesre w*re
t£*.T. lea/len ia the cocr-stercia!, social
political Lf* of the city, voicaap
th* fflopaLS. "Boost for Oatktand-~
Fp*^ch** r«.i^ with, th* «^irlt cf ;
ciiitftd ertion and efric pride. 2i2ryr>r
Warren Olrey. Cos^rflraajs John I*
Koward. cfc^insan cf the B^rr^J Cora- :
mitt**; Edwin 5-tea.rAs. e*CT*iary of ;
the Board of Traie; Theodore Or. I
pr»»id*r.r c-f th* il*rt:ha.r:tjr' Exthat^st; ;
Jarr*a P. Taylor, Kcjrt: Hoirin. I>r. H- «
B. Xtefcrnsar-a. A. I>>d«e Coplfa, Ccnr.- •
dltsen A. H. EIHctt W. J. Bacccj as»i J
B. C. Czrreilier were anoris the ep-tak
erw for projrresa. Notably Irvpressafve 5
wit tie prearetice of a !*rye stunber of i
;¦"•,— ;r.»-r.t Oiklar.'i wcn*a is th* *--
R«»o!ztlcrs czTl:r.g tor th* orgasi- I
ration of a c*n-.rr-!tr** of tw*nty-Sv* :
':t:»trji to act *iih th* Jlayor ar-i-1 .
City CvrstiCil in l**e campaign tor I
fco&fSs and pl*d£?r.4f tht hartr.a-cfcfUSy j
active rrjport <:f th* Oakiar.-l Hoovi- ¦
*rt to th» bor,d ;,roj*ct were a.4oj.t»<i. J
A. !*>*£» CopIJn call»r(2 the r=*et!ng- t# ;
or<L*-r. S. V>~. I>ro*h r*a<3 the report of J
tfee coir:i=.:t***: en orgz ti2ation. which 1
was fe'J'jpre-;.
AisSOCUTXOTB OBJECT.
The eerarit-tior. «*t* forth the &xxt>- |
ctxtitxzs'm obi*rt a* fcll&wx:
ts»i «t3 Ve»l to^rir-J ti« (SeTfr^<s«st ts*4 btt>
t*«=«:t (if OakUid.
Ai«,, tt «2t*a b* us* *ar cf *»-3» e«stb«- to
b» «U J#stti=s*t* ta**a« to «asc3it»T»ct tA» *i
** «'e* 1=47- »«»ar. a&i to r»^r.?t dkf ««=s* r<»
ti*» ex*rst;-5-e crjtracitr** *i^ jtcIi »«ti&6 «-» K
The ofittra etected were:
Orar-. k^-i t^«t*r. A. I»iE* CetKa: pr«*»:
•S^E-t. K=»i it'jKas; trK vie* jmwiSrst. JbUss*
T«yV*; tre**Tiner, A. "J. £srdcr; •ecrelarr. W.
fc Fawtett.
<:oTr.r:Jtt*«ii are *• f^iow*:
E**nrtt»e— a. E. K»srs«tt (data:!, «T. !
K. Giii*>es. Jases ». S«t#»r«b, M. -J. •£>£«•, }
ry«sk W. Fr*», E. A- Hat'jo. C- H H»*^-
S=*a. W«iWT K. Lr^ai. H. V. Rrr,TS>r. If. L. !
'.t*-**S. Jetiaari W. Zsor/th, r*W;ss W.
*s*s, Irr, Ci»rk» Fratk M. FVrrrs**^ W i.
M*rTts»!». Kr». Aii> IH*fc*;l. M.t. Acr4* K.
I'***"- »*»» Tr»7«r. J£^« KakV*. Mr*, Hijri
M'^ras. »r» O L f*^j::w». Un. F. <>. Enrts
!1O« M. E- Vw. t»a {>-». K.-«. J Atnh*a
•<*i. X.t. E. F. tte*yxt. Km. W, W. K»-npta
J«r*. P. vr. tsf/rxi^. Xr». E. A. H»trjr>. Mr». E4^
»ta Fte*r». Mr«. J^x», JSrt II K J^iizs
Mrt Dr. r.Tar*. JJ*m J«*i« Wfct'*.
iv)\u oojotii'ijfcag.
C J H»*»«^s. A. H, Br**4. F, C Tcra^r
<>^rt*» a.«itb. Jo*» F. MsIXia. P. X. Firt#r!
M. J. K#IS*t. O*-.ry» Flt«r»r»?^. O</rs» Atar- !
tta. Tl»mderc Gi«r., J. K O**. £w. H. B !
M*h.-Ti»=a. H. C C»F««!l. 4. T. ViD*>». O»p- I
t»»a rt*r** ¦v*iA. w. j«. ai«x*!*>t. o*-,-rre
A. I>»irt«. Jo<«» a X. Fcx, Albert Carrils.
J'/fcj» Tel*. XS"fJ*s»r W»Ik«r, «, E. ThtrA^.t. W
Mayor Oitfev. th* first of the *p*ak
er» to b* presented, !ia!d:
Let u» »a t*^At» at ?b* b»w n-»ftt Uut
bit <yj«b» e>r»T OaitlAc-J. Oar city ha* at Uju
a*akA9*< aarf is>«« all «*sai «*j;i Jan waf
•t*/ ***** «=d ercTr to fc* tb» z?»*t*st ar*3
»"« t**JV1sl ntr ca ti* paciae Os**t. I
an> o»rutt» that usdtr cf m&rtt mtA rt^lc prttf*
ear* tx/c* to rtay, Toor eltjr cofreracs^ct
>.«s <1^ na>-ti. fc-at if tfc* p-*5.1* want to a<J-
Proprietor of the Wilson
31arket Is Forced to Ac
cept Terras of the bosses
NEVIN SIGNS
THE AGREEMENT
ilr*. Snsedley, awaierj-1 by the bark
fn? cl a do?, saw a light In ber b*d
nwxrc icd cbs^rred" a can EOTtEg
about tise ajjartnsect. i£ik:^r a move
a» !f to aiise. Mrs. Srsedley wailed
cstJJ tfc*- nxircder dL2ar»pear*4- Then
she hasientd t& a teltphctie asd called
th* ?->'k#. Th* burglar jassp^i cat cf
a side wicdow.
But h* dM not leave" the neighbor
bood. Xcst^zd the bold tfcJel went to
the Mftso resldetic*, forced aa entraxicj
acd we=t latb the house. His rsore
rr.-r.;.-» ar««ig*<! Urt- lla^n. who called
to h-'T htisbaxid.
This move caused the bur^far to rcn.
As he disappeared ii.rrszz.ti the corner of
the Masn residence. Policeman Charles
Bock saw the running 2?urs acd called
' halt!" Th*re was bo stojpirg, so the
poSioernan emptied his pist&J at th?
figure, but did not land him. Serjeant
cf Police- Lynch and Patrolmen Fabey
and Pardee took up the search, bet
were unable to Cnd the runaway.
Ore Ion* bsrxiar created pansc in two
re*tiiesc'=» earfy this nscrnJcsv was a
tar^*x for bullets" fro=j polic*=sar;'$
piftci asd tb^en esca>«i. after strict
i. ipcaa* fA irawaioz palrofeaen a res.
The Wf of the distcrtance was at
the NSSdexwai of J. K. 23«dieT. «2
ilagXiOlia street, asad ; t&e adjoining
fcc^ise, occepjed by Seth lla.cn. The
awakesirg of m-cibers of the farsfiies
aav«d' tasta ¦ frc-ra !o«lc? their
valaable*. the bar^iar tL&iin& before
fcft fcad time lo take any plrzszfi^r.
Ostlasd G2ee San Franc&ca Call,
111* Broadway. Ifarcfc 1*.
Police Take Hand in Pur
suit, but Bullets Do Xot
Stop the Fugitive Thief
Boosters Hold Enthusiastic Meeting and Speeches Ringing
With Spirit of United Action and Civic Pride Stir Audi
ence to Lend Determined Aid to Association's Object
Aroused at Dead of Sight
and Discover a Prowler j
in Sleeping Apartments
WOBKS IX TWO H01TES
buy a half interest in a bus line. Sirs.
Keane, who resides at 272 Fourth
street, thinks her husband met foul
play. The police say it is a case of
desertion, nothir.5 else.
OAKLAND, March 15. — The pollce
have investigated the disappearance
of R. A- Keane, who left suddenly
last Monday with J230 after telling his
wife he was goin? to San Francisco 'to
Say Husband Deserted Wife.
BEP.KELEY, 3£arch 15. — Th*T 9 *^*
going to have a "dnuik" Law in Ferie
ley. dry old Berkeley, where liquor is
passed out only at drvz stores upon
a doctor's certificate and \rhere by the
grace of a Stite law there is dra-vn
a deadline for a mile aroun-3 the Uni
versity of California. -Rithin the con
fines of which liquor raay not he so'.±
Eat the fact that strangers often car
ry their jags into the sacred precincts
has demonstrated the necessity of a
"drunk" law, and one wiH be passed.
Lew Asainst Drnaiard*.
The subjects of Miss Woodworth's
lectures were the following: "The
Crying Needs of a Farmer's Wife and
Home," •"Housebuilding and Horne
rnakins." "Cooking. Plain and Fancy,"
•-The Preservation of Foods." "Home
Sanitation" and "Food Economy.
Miss Woodworth has found the
farmers o! California, contrary to the
generally accer-ted theory, are much
more prosperous and Intelligrent and
economical than those of the East.
BEHKELET. March IS.— Miss M^ta
Woodworth. a. gradnat* of the ITni
reTSky of IUicois, holds tte distisction
of beis? the only wonian in the United
Stages to occxrzy a position en tb* ex
tension staff of acy tisive rarity. She is
a l»cinrer on th* domestic sciences"
naff of th» Universitr of Califoroia.
and as each goes cj> as<i down the
State giving the farmers' wiTea the
benefit of jxractlce in the nicst ap
proved methods cf cookies and hoase
hoid iEaca«eriStit.
3ila» Woodworth did not begin fc'r
work nnta September last, but she
ha* been a trosy worian all throtxsb
the intertns- having attended and lec
tured at so '*rss than twenty-Cre
fanners" instilst**. She teaches «ab-
Jecxa that were introduced into fann
ers* institute curricula last UM, when
the scope of the Instructions was
broadened through the increase of
funds voted for it by the last Legisla
ture. It marks a lonsr ?tep In advance
In the policy of the Agricultural Col
lege, la that it is the beginning of a
Hne of Instruction that is called for in
the smaller communities of the State.
Miss Meta Woodworth Holds
Un'que Distinction in
Educational Wor:d.
THE O?.LT TVOMAX EXGAOKT* IN
EXTE?*«IOS VTORK FOR THE
STATE ITMV23JSITT. -
zr.isht hav* been, that in BO way affect
ed th* inaiclns cf the cauri crier. It
was *ho-*-n that Barrie «ras i»rl=5 H^3
a month for her care.
Goinr back to this case, attorneys for
ilr«. Barrie introduced the hateas cor
p.u* papers through which sh-j gained
h»r rek-cse from the sanitarium. Ii was
isjtde part d the record thai as Mr*.
Barrf* had n^ver been re-g^ilarly ccm
tsitted by an Lx&oiuty eomn-ssion to a
Fi2te hos&tzh there iras noihins for
the ceurt to <Zo but to irder h-rr relsas?.
and that no nsauer bo-»- inraa* sh*
ilr«. Carrie had not finished Rivini:
b?r testiasony. bet Mrs. Kva Webster,
a mental nurse f»»r r»r, John itulH^rt
•ca's saxutaricm at Lavermore. was
called, out of turn, for the defense. i>h?
had charfre of i!r?. Rirrie for six VtttS
¦while et th? sarkariura and fthw It as
her opinion that Mrs. Baxrif was at
that time hopelessly insane. She walk
ed the floor all day. and it would take
her en hour to raa&e up her mind to
pat on her hac '* She woa!d stare ai the
nurse ss if she had nev^r seen her be
fore aad seemed so engrossed in her
wrvrry that everything eis* -aas exc'.ud
<«J frcm her mijsd-
irenp in ir*ffw Co c^t ri«i of her.. She
h^d erases after eatiny a. <itr.ner a: the
Wade house in Berkley, and ts coaS
dect pbtaoa had b«n put in th? food.
Another time she was given a piece of
caady r.hich she says contained poison.
Her instep was punctuivd while she
was asi»*ep oc« night, ar.d she states
that h«r hustdnd and youns Wade in-
JtMted somethicg to drive htc Insane or
to poison h«r.
Strange Sort and Hopeless
O2kl2Ed OSc* i-aa Fraceifw C*8.
U1S Broadly, i!*^
TTh* h»arl2s of tiii Birrie <i}rwfis
suit wasieoatlnujfid *t>-day"ard ttarii
irony vras trtrciuced to ti? e£«r$ CJtai
ai tfe? ;ise Mrs. Barr^ ali^sta c*r ca*
bacd and hi* c.e?h*< asd z^f.t. r*r*^i
zed vrinri* \Vtde. w»re oc»n*s«irJiis to
a^ylurn, she was a dAns^i^os* ciasi^f ¦
Mr*. Bsxrre beiieves fcersrlf to be ti.?
rietira c{ a conspiracy, is ter
bcsbas.i antl h:s r.e?h^v.- and niect
Sanitarinra Employe State
Plaintiffs iCose Was of a
3Iis. Eliza Barrte Saj| Ito
Hnsband Was in L&gae
to 3Iake Away With Her
BELIEVES LIFE
WAS IN DANGER
WOMEN SCARE
AWAY BURGLAR
CITIZENS OF OAKLAND ORGANIZE
TO FURTHER INTERESTS OF CITY
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION
HER MISSION
IS TO INSTRUCT
FARMERS' WIVES
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
1HE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY.. MARCH 16, 1004.
6
HEW ADVEKTIBEMZHTS.
ZTOT ZZKZSXTAST.
EOixet* sac to a z.iTHur ausnt* Ocxm.
itany people, er^n onto the present
day of rra<*. consider baldness <!ue'to
hereditary iniarcc*.
Nr/tbinr > tarthfr from tbe truth—
ba.l4nefm Is cus«d by tbe oiulauirtit of
a cclaufi crrzsfwm which »M^rrtt»ii lm*-lt
b^r.«ith tfc* «calp and ettadui the roou
of .the hair— causing it to lose its life
and fall oct.
This organi»t-n /annot be got rid of ex-
r*>pt by the ?r«* and per»evering Use of
Newbro s HtTplcid*.
No -matter btrw badly the scalp is af-
f*<rt*d th* dandruff cure!y diaappeara and
bealtb ts restored when Herpicld* in
applied.
J*5f5 tr 5 r ,i*iL « iU ' M? - y/>a remove the
rffe^t-" Sold by leading druggists. Send
10c In stamps for sample to The Ilerpl-
ddfe Co.. Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
fcr Infant* and Children. /
Tbs Kind You Hare Always Bought
Boars the /^ .VZST^T
eignatore of l~*LaS-7&f<!U&fUA4
\y/ttA>Tti OFFICES
OP THE CALL IN
ALAXKDACOVSTT
ALAMEV*
ltd fxt* Mtm,
ADVEBTISE3EESTSL
% r^W A AMERICAN BOUNCINa I
2 V Iffr BABIES are kept crowizg vriih. the d»- I
3 .**'*^^&%n-. r- li&tez °^ living becauso their «»*^y^ tava I
\ learned to U£e 9-^SCABSTS Ca=dy Ca- |
b / /«* r 7lnm^ thartic. Nei^iborly neisrhbers tell a
| jf '^^ each other of OASOARETS and th© 1
1 I/ * kind words said have created a sale of I
If/ over A MILLION BOXES A MONTH. C
/;/ Wg* I» is easy to protect rr ?•«?¦¦ ts apainfft P
III i g§L children's complaints, because all S
V*kV -^-^ J >^* - **-^5^ these perils Lave their begirrans ia
S»» >-««^ _ stomach ar.d beweis. and -we have »
1 ?£* *^^ "^^SiaCASCAKETS a perfect ccdiciso i
L "'/#*•- V JX^ that win always keep the delicate 1
v^^V Xg^L "liy'VCAyajjFll ' machinery in a child's body clean. B
X* ?wjwi ¦¦JigjfW mIT> regular and in rrcrkin? order. Chil- P
>A dren like tha Uttle cardy tablet and II
I are kept eafa from all stoniach. bowel, l]
i V "^^^WJsf blood and skin diseases. All drucjrists* lj
*> tW\^ J3&M ICc, 25c, 5Oc NEVER. SOLD IN BtTLSL "•
The genuino tablet stamped U
;\ cc / p- Sample and booklst tree, te
"rAy make mm it STERLEIG REMEDY CO^ ft
j feet to sown** ChicaBo or New York r
h 5 ANDY CATHARTTT .iiwmCSr^B
I AfeHUAL SALE-TEH RfiLLIOM BOXES I
|^ . Greatest In the World m SNEW YORK, March 15. — Gold to the amount
of $1,753,000 was received at the sub-treasury
by transfer from San Francisco to-day.
Tills is the last of the $3,000,000 Japanese gold
recently received from Japan. The metal will
be transhipped to London.
Every town in Mexico has a public
bathhouse.
Port Arthur and Cincinnati are in the
same latitude.
Dr. T. W. Stone of Stockton has been
summoned as a witness for the State
in the case. It is said that his testi
mony will be very detrimental to the
case of the accused. Mrs. Botkin lived
in Stockton with her husband in 1898.
While she was ill on July 28 of that
year, Dr. Stone was called in. When
her condition had improved she con
versed at length with him, asking him
in detailall about arsenic. He thought
she was joking, and told her to \:se
morphine if she was going to commit
suicide, whereupon she remarked that
she did not intend to use any drug on
herself.
She asked If too * much would not
cause vomiting and tnus not poison the
person taking it. She went to San Fran
cisco a few days afterward and re
turned on August 18, and Dr. Stone
was called in again. She was suffer
ing from hysterics.
Shortly afterward a woman who had
been sent here as a private detective
called on Dr. Stone and asked him
what illness troubled Mrs. Botkin. Tha
doctor replied that it was hysterics,
not wishing -to make a confidant of the
detective. He kept his own .counsel
about Mrs. Botkin questioning, him in
regard to - arsenic poisoning. It. was
not until after she was convicted that
he spoke freely about it.
The Eastern witnesses on behalf of
the prosecution will arrive to-morrow
night over the Santa Fe. It will prob
ably be nearly midnight before they
reach the city. With them will come
John P. Dunning and his little daugh
ter. Originally, he intended to be here
at the opening of the trial, but business
reasons compelled him to delay and he
joined the other witnesses at Philadel
phia and proceeded westward in their
company. He is the husband of the
murdered woman and the alleged mo
tive of the crime was jealousy on the
part of Mrs. Botkin. The daughter is
now eleven years old! At the first trial
she was not present to testify. She
partook of some of the poisoned candy
and her condition was so precarious
that she was unable to 'travel when
Mrs. Botkin was first convicted of the
murder.
XEW EVIDENCE FOUND.
-. . ...
filled during the session and the de
fendant was mercifully spared the an
noying and impertinent scrutiny she
was subjected to Monday, especially by
the few morbid women who attended
the session.
SACRAMENTO, March 15.— Governor
Pardee to-day appointed Lester Her
rick and A. Wenzelburger of San
Francisco to be members of the State
Board of Accountancy. Herrick suc
ceeds Carl Briggs and Wenzelburger
succeeds F. E. Beck.
Governor Makes Appointments.
TACOMA, March 15.— Efforts to es
tablish a Mormon church at La Grande
and Pendleton, Or., are being offset by
a series of vigorous revival meetings
now being held there by Evangelist S.
M. Martin of St. Louis. Meetings are
being held in the Christian church and
nearly 200 converts have been secured
at Pendleton alone. The Protestant
churches are working together to coun
teract the Mormcn movement. The
Mormons are pushing the work at La
Grande on the finest tabernacle yet
constructed in the Northwest. It will
cost $40,000, including a fine pipe organ.
Over a hundred men are at work, a
large number of whom are Mormons,
who contribute their work without pay.
Another tr.bernacle is proposed for
Pendleton and several are to be con
structed in Idaho, where the Mormons
have already gained a strong foothold.
Evangelical church circles are becom
ing somewhat alarmed oVer the vigor
of the Mormon movement throughout
the Northwest. Churches have been
established in Puget Sound cities, in
cluding Tacoma, and a number of
priests and exhorters secure new con
verts weekly. Polygamy Is not openly
advocated by Mormon adherents in the
Northwest.
Special Di*i>atch to The Call
At the time the cattle were unloaded
nine of them were killed by a passing
train and one heifer was left at a near
by, ranch in payment' of damages by
the stockmen. Dr. Kenon found the
hides of the dead cattle «hd this
heifer to be infected with the Texas
fever tick. Dr. Charles H. Blemer, the
State Veterinary Surgeon, was commu
nicated with and arrived in Napa this
evening. To-morrow he and Benjamin
will proceed to the Ink ranch and fur
ther investigate the case.
NAPA, March 15. — Five hundred cat
tle were -recently shipped from Mon
terey County to Napa County, and a
number of them have been found to be
afflicted with the dread Texas fever.
The cattle arrived at Rutherford two
weeks ago and were driven from there
to the Ink ranch, in Pope Valley. Com
plaints have come to the District At
torney of this county from time to time
from farnYers in the vicinity of the Ink
ranch concerning the cattle, and as a
result District Attorney Benjamin has
been conducting an investigation with
Dr. T. C. Kenon. veterinary surgeon.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Removal of Lumber Schooners Would
Interfere With the Passenger
Traffic.
EUREKA. Cal.. March 15.— If the
Ftr-am pehooner owners and their en
jr1n«»ers do not come to an agreement,
Eureka will be affected perhaps more
seriously than any other port of this
coast. The .great majority of the
sr hooners which have been tied up in
' »akland Creek pending a settlement of
the difficulties have been In the lum
ber trade, carrying redwood to San
Francisco and Southern California
PTts. Should these schooners be taken
• iff there would be no means of travel
between here and San Francisco ex
cept by tha Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's steamers, the Pomona and
Spokane, which run on a three-day
sehedule.
LABOR TROUBLES MAY
EMBARRASS EUREKA
Gentiles Are Alarmed at the
Activity Displayed by the
Missionaries From Utah
Symptoms of Texas Fever
Make Appearance Among'
Lot Sent From Monterey
NAPA CATTLE
ARE AFFLICTED
MORMONS SEEK
THE NORTHWEST
REDDING, March 15. — As the Ore
gon Express, due at San Francisco
this morning, was running at the rate
of forty-five miles an hour past a point
thirteen miles south of here at mid
night the engineer and fireman both
saw that they were bearing down upon
a washout, three rail lengths being
without ties. The unsupported rails
were not seen until the pilot was al
most upon them. The engine crew
applied the brakes and waited for the
catastrophe they felt sure would hap
pen. Wonderfully enough the entire
train, with the exception of the last
Pullman, passed successfully over the
washed out stretch of track before the
train could be brought to a stop. The
last car stopped on the unsupported
rail and toppled over. Xo one was
hurt. The passengers in the derailed
car were transferred to other cars and
the train proceeded.
Oregon Express Has narrow Escape
From a Disaster Xear
Redding"
TRAIN PASSES OVER
WASHOUT OX TRACK
J in !¦¦ Vc«scl Encounters Fierce !
Storms and Is Out Fifty-
Seven Days.
PORT TOWNSKND, March 15.— The j
schoonrr Antelope, which had been I
Civen up a.« lost, arrived here to-day. |
Tho Antelope sailed from San Francis- j
CO for CVxjuille River fifty-seven days
ac<-.. She arrived «»ff Coquille River on
February 9 and was about to sail over
th<* bar wh*>n a heavy squall carried '
away the foresail and the vessel was !
nhllged to put to sea. During the next j
four days southerly gales of hurricane
force were experienced, which drove the
iittl** packet north as far as the Colum
bia River. During the gale of March
3 the Antelope Io5t her mainsail and
fore and aft jibstays. Four weeks ago 1
provisions began to run low and when !
the craft reached here she had only a
few days* rations left. The Antelope
;s a vessel of 117 tons and is engaged
in the lumber trade.
SCHOONER ANTELOPE
ARRIVES SAFE IN PORT
Kapea may have left here on a for
eign-bound steamer or a steamer for
the other islands if he has not. as he
threatened, taken his life with his own
hands.
The young man has not been seen
for several days. Yesterday there was
found in his desk at the office the fol
lowing note addressed to a friend:
"I have done wrong in my life, and
it is better for me to go in the woods
and shoot myself, and I will do it. I
am no good at all after I made some
big blunder which I ought not to do.
Give my aloha nui to the boy and my
family. Do anything with my stuff.
"H. KAPEA."
HONOLULU, March 8.— Edward Viv
ian Richardson, cashier and. book
keeper in the Territorial Water Works
Department, who was arrested to-day
on a charge of embezzlement, Is said
to have made a confession to his su
perior officers. It is alleged that the
Auditor's department, which is exam
ining the books of his office, has al
ready discovered a shortage of $1800.
Richardson Is a half white Hawaiian.
He has held his position for several
years. The cause of his downfall is
attributed gambling. He is known
to have visited his office one night to
take money from th.e safe, the money
being used to make good his losses In a
downtown saloon a few hours pre
viously. He is now out on bail.
Another case of defalcation brought
to light to-day is that of Henry Kapea,
who was a young and trusted employe
of the Hawaiian Trust Company, of
which Governor Carter was manager
prior to his acceptance of his present
Federal office. Kapea had the handling
of mon»y for the company, and is said
to have made away with $100 collected
from a Chinese tenant of John Ena,
for whom the trust company was at
torney-in-fact. To J. R. Gait, man
ager, he confessed that he had spent
the money.
Special Correspondence of The Call,
ATTENDANCE IS SM!ALL.
The courtroom was only fairly well
"There." said Knight, "this man
would not make a fit juror, and the
District Attorney knew it, but he pass
ed him. He wants a man on the jury
who acknowledged that he was unable
to decide Impartially."
"I want nobody on the jury who is
r.ot impartial," retorted Byington,
hotly.
"There is no challenge," said Judge
Cook- (
"We challenge," said Knight, "if the
District Attorney will not."
"Xo objection," said Byington, and
the talesman withdrejv.
When the last man had been exam
ined and there still remained three
seats to be filled satisfactorily in the
jury box. Judge Cook ordered a second
special venire of sixty to be issued,
returnable In court at 10 o'clock this
morning. From these it is expected
that the panel will be completed.
The selection of Jurors proceeded
much more rapidly yesterday than the
day before. The defense exhausted
only three peremptory challenges, mak
ing fourteen in all and leaving six
still available, while the prosecution
used up only one. Out of thirty-one
talesmen examined four were found
who answered all interrogatories satis
factorily and were enrolled as jurors.
The same general line of questioning
was folio-wed by District Attorney By
ington and Attorney Knight as on the
day previous.
John E. Doak. for whom an attach
ment had issued Monday because he
failed to answer his name, was purged
of contempt. It was shown that the
name as drawn from the box was John
K. Dock and in the subpena the name
had been omitted altogether. He also
escaped duty on the jury because he
had an unalterable opinion in the case.
Mrs. Botkin sat with her sister as
before and held the latter's hand dur
ing a great part of the proceedings.
She was perceptibly more nervous than
on Monday and it is evident that the
skrain is beginning to tell upon her.
Once she prompted Attorney Knight
to ask a talesman whether or not he
had conversed with one of the wit
nesses in the case. He said that he
had not done so knowingly, but he re
ceived his conge by a peremptory chal
lenge from the defense.
Knight and Byington had a slight
clash over one of the last talesmen
railed. The District Attorney passed
him for cause, and Knight then asked
him if he had not previously told the
District Attorney that he could not act
impartially as a juror in the case. The
talesman said he had.
Nine Jurors in all have been secured
to try Mrs. Cordelia Botkin for the
murder of Mrs. Elizabeth Dunning.
The ninth man was accepted by both
prosecution and defense yesterday,
shortly before noon, and then the reg
ular panel and the special venire were
exhausted. So far as selected the Jury
consists of the following:
William S. McDevitt. an employe of the
United Railroads, residing; at 402^
second street.
Vernon Cpton, a printer, residing: at 205
Central avenue.
Jacob Goetjen, a grocer of 249 Fifth itreet,
reridir.c at 5 Waller street.
Julius L.lllenthal. formerly a jrrocer, resid
ing at ."507 FVlton street.
Morris Hymaji, a real estate dealer at 200
Sansome street, who resides at 2230 Sacra
mento street.
James II. Robertson, an Insurance man of
21«J Sanscme street, residing at 603 Capp street.
Ferdinand Balz. train merchant of 214 Pine
street, residing at 1630 Haicht street.
Henry Peters, ffrocer at 708 Beale street,
reuldlrg: at 875 Broderick street.
Bernard F. Wambold, retired grocer, residing
at 732 Ivy avenue.
In order to secure these nine there
have been 132 names called. Less than
twenty failed to answer their names,
they having been excused from ' the
regular panel for various reasons. The
remainder were either found to be dis
qualified for various reasons or were
peremptorily challenged by the prose
cution or defense.
SPKCIAIi VENIRE ISSUED.
EUREKA. March 15.— The present
*:orm is the severest that has visited
Humboldt County for years and shows
n» sign erf abatement. It has been rain
ing incessantly since the 2d of Feb
ruary, during •which month there was
a precipitation of over 16 Inches. In
the Eel River Valley, the dairy section
and the most fertile part of the county,
the loss has been particularly severe.
A great many acres of these rich bot
tom lands are covered with sediment,
rendering them valueless for the pur
peses for which they have been used.
Many at tht dairymen have sold their
h^rds and will engage In other occu
pations. Eel River has also cut away
rr.uch valuable land, the Pleasant Point
section being badly affected.
The stock on the ranges and sheep
are suffering: from the continued stormy
spell and stockmen generally will suf
fer heavy losses.
The San Francisco and Northwest
ern Railroad, owned by the Santa Fe,
1* blocked by heavy slides and it will
be a week before the road is open to
traffic betwr/en this city and Scotia.
At present the trains run as far as
Alton and the mail is taken from that
point to Scotia by horseback.
The roads in the county are almost
impassable by reason of slides. The
Van Duzen River bridge promises to
be a total loss. The river is cutting
to one side cf it, and if the process
tontinues the structure will be in the
center of a gravel bed when the waters
recede and the river will be on one
tide, cutting off all approach. The
bridge is a costly structure.
The bridges over the smaller streams
of the county have nearly all been
cashed away and the county will be
put to considerable expense to replace
them.
Love for Games of Chance
Is Said to Have Caused
Ruin of Honolulu Official
Dr. Stone of Stockton Will
Testify ' That Defendant
Asked Him About Arsenic
Fertile Dairy Section Inun
dated and Many Farmers
Are Selling" Their Lands
PLACED UNDER AEEEST
XEW EVIDENCE FOUND
ISKIDGES ARE WRECKED
Cashier of the Hawaiian
Water Works Department
Accused of Embezzlement
Recent Floods Are Among:
Worst Known and There
Are No Signs of Abatement
Special Venire in Botkin
Trial Is Exhausted and
Another for Sixty Issues
STEALS TO PAY
GAMBLING DEBT
NINE JURORS
ARE SECURED
STORM RUINS
IN MENDOCINO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1004.
7
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GTJARAWTEED CTJRE 7OS 3XSIT.
HAKULESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. NO OTHES TBEATMEHT
EEQTJTRED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
r. s. grurs ph<irmact. 102 Eddy.
f% i I A 0 fib Ammunition. Huntlar and
l»i ch3^L Sportinir Uood«. Largest
¦ ¦I I Btfl «-toc2e Lowest rrlcea. Send
ill IBnl H {or
¦ II %JS SHREVE & BARBER CO..
730 Market »t. and ¦ 621
Kearny at.
J /fg^DEWEy > ,STrfflW8 *GQ'jgm±
{{\*^TENTsf3
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE.' INVIGOBA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic fop the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th*
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALJPS & BRUSE. Agents.
• 323 Market «t., 8. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
&jjG%B&fed£>-ttt MEH AHD WuMtfli
OJffjWTrwXM^gr.1 Cm BigOf.">rnnn*tur«i
£&C&r<~ 1 1. * 4«tOIH dl»ch»r««s.ioc»mm.»tion«.
£S&& OuiumTu Irritation! or ulcerationa
Vttf ¦•> t* *uiot«r«. of mncous msmbran**.
W* 1 < rr*r*ato r*<Uft»>- Paln'ieM, and not aitrin*
BTnTHE£fA»SCHtMim.CO. «»at or poiionous.
WgA gixcmuTuBBEl •«« *7 Dmniata.
1 Mffft> C.&.A. 2sa or int la pl»la wT»j»«f.
_^&%i by «xpr*s«, ?"»«!¦!, tot
\VraBM05' l fl »1J». or » bottle* M.T5.
9 Clrcola/ Mat «a inttit
FBIZE PUZZLE.
II 00 II GOLD GIVEN MAY
To thoroughly introduce "Shinola," the world's greatest shoe polish, and
the " Shinola Outfit,'*' we will present to purchasers, 22 prizes of $100 in gold.
One prize of $25.00; one of $15.00; one of $10.00 ; four of $5.00 ; fifteen of $2.00.
The conditions are simple and easy. Try as many times as you like.
H Cut out the pieces and when you have matched them together [1
13 showing the Shinola Outfit, paste them in this frame which must fit Ij
H Shinola. the World's Best Shoe Polish, Is sold by all dealers. I]
H • The "Shinola" Shoe Shining Outfit consists of Shinola Polish, R
B Shinola Dauber and Shinola Polisher. A purchase of Shinola I]
gj (large box) 10c, entitles you to one chance. A purchase of the com- M
Eg plete outfit, 35c, entitles you to 5 chances. k]
B You get full value for your money and a chance to win gold. H
FJ The outfit by mail. 40c You must tend the end of carton and the tissue paper to I
|Sj be entitled to 5 chances. ¦ Kg
INSTRUCTIONS— After pasting: the pieces in the frame and purchasing a box of Shinola.
you must enclose with your answer the piece of printed tissue paper to be found oa the inside
of every box. Write your address plainly here. TTfrmr .'............:...,
Street.. ....»»._...™....»~~_....~ „ PTacg. .... - thm mail
to us. Should yoa buy the complete outfit which entitles yoa to 5 chances, tear off and aend with
this advertisement, one end of the pasteboard carton (in which the dauber and polisher is
sold) together with the tissue paper. Don't pay over ioc for any shoe polish, ioc buys "Shinola."
it is the best. It is a cleanly paste polish, quick, easy and always ready for instant use. Preserve*
the leather and gives a splendid shine, one shine will last more than a week; too shine* ia a box.
Good for rubbers and all black leather, from babies* shoes up. Shinola dauber and polisher are
made of lamb's wool, the best idea ever perfected ; don't soil hands. It is a pleasure to shine your
own shoes with this outfit. Millions of boxes are being sold. If your dealer can't r**ip!yyou,
send us ioc for box " Shinola " or 40c for the outfit complete, we pay the post.
Thi* contest will close April 1st. 1Q04. The best 22 answers selected will be awanred prizes in
order mentioned. The correct solution with names of prir» winners will be published in tfils paper
April 9th, 1904. All will have a fair and equal chance. Xo employee of this company nor their
families will be allowed to enter the contest. Address SHINOLA COMPANY,
Prize Contest, Rochester, N. Y*
THE EMPOBrUM | THE EMPORIUM , THE EMFO&TUM. | THE EMPORIUM
3 Spring MiUmery CfiforniJs greatest supply center for every- 35O RibbOHS 24C i
S . ¦ ...f* m . ** thing to eat, drink, wear or use in the home. w^*^^ n /„ •*
| Opening Day Values St J ks ri prices r{ hty service rigJl t. Wednesday Only .;
S Chillon Folded Hats— Trimmed with fancy ,, « , - It yoa need io yards ot ribbon you can save X
¦ Jk straw and gold novelty braid and roses, to j(3gSS}fe|l»W5 = to-day $i . io bv buying i: at The Emporium. *
V -blend with the different shades of braid in igijjj*iS5^s «*3f<SSSl>7*^ ' An excelrnt qaality jarin border Louisine, 5 < inchrt %
£ blue, brown, white and &<§fb (fdff% ' &-¥$&*& \kf%*A i% &%£*&$ B&ti T3 e ».» weave for tying fancy bowi for -J
$ U , h! If §&tUmBJI%0 %*F^^ % M %JI$&BBBMmJI]J hat trimj, etc. Co'ors, white, rink, blue, ma;*, cream "J
* ru, °t L tl" ' ** , L • i k£S7&, I and nLe; a regular sscvalui. WrJr.tsday on y. yd 24(3 >
£ Lniffon Turbans — in: new torpedo shape, trimmrd I &^} *"ft a » sSC* """"" "¦""^^™"^"™" 1 "~" "~ ~~ ¦- — ¦¦ — — — — — — ¦ •*
H with heavy gold cord, extremely smart hat in black and .W^^SiJeO ' EJptf&*f^$ J59 m* nm -a- •*
* .com, on:y se.oo /ftoT*%m *~>*«jr^ NowbHv WeaBunas 3
jj Tailor and Ready-to-Wcar Hats— Just the thng for // IF W\ IVfidnfiHnv and ¦ £
f[ shopping and every-day us;, in the new tcrpedo, Colonial • // ,/fci j tailt^tlCl) IUILI The Spring Stock is now compierc. W- have .%
it and sai.cr shapes, trimmed with ribbons and fancy /' //flv^\\\\vi/i T/lltrsda}', them in every conceivable style, frcm the tiny -J
I k " h s2°9s' n.'&TaiJbb V sts-dr, f MmM\ Marck l6 " ! < 'T h pb h h " d dot u ? '° >h * '"*!, < h;ni;;c 7°'- . '° %
af Misses' Dress Hats- Maa e of fancy tuscan braid, xvith ff'JW/Jl<&\ i ff* 4 «« m ID ° r JUS: DOW " A 5O c -« : " dois.nng x
•k lace inserting, trimmrd in small flo-Arrs and foli?ge and \J»igi f I Hi, f^ OS WUffFa GS dots, graduated dots. etc. The n = W pattern *
y finished with handsome satin ribbon bow . . $5.0O / RmE ''l r 1i£l¥ Tells " e a *° ew ' tc^ 1 ' n ? ' n <^'sn »nd color, some haying "t
Children's Drtss Hats- A beautiful, exclusive line, in ffllfer «v<5 '*) ¥9^2389$ dots wh'ch aiiume disunct pattirrs, others bars graduated - n
Ik all the new tuscan lace briids, fjced with shirrsd liberty Pi U Hi MF '$ dots, then there are the chinoi drapei with hemstitched "J
g, silk and trimmed with handsome, larg; s^tin ribbon bow IJ jl /]', lil T BOM BBBSWi &ff*W border and tracing of gold. The new Trii colors are red, *
fl> and streamers # $10.00 li til Wiwkjt ij UWm MMMMUm%*M Jp brown, champagne and nm, to match the new costume*; %
tf A large assortment of Children's HatJ at prices ranging ; - in, HI '|fj WfesS ' «e also have them in light colorings, the ombre effect*, for "J
*!> from. .• $5mQQ to iQ.5O Ij i|«i :jj ; j : ||P!^N!i instance, shading Ircm dark to light. *
$ ~——^^——~—i^—mm—m—mmmmmm—mmmm Jl BlUl l'ljl I«T" || . . In the great variety cf veils and v;i!ifig now en display Jc
% Qa/o AiBig**%40%mm J5?*»/rrr« Ml i?ltt\ Wllll K The iteiV Style \Sl))l- and s «Ie, we are sure every we man can rind something to •*
$ Genuine Horn Backs- 6 Sizes f „% J'fZ N<" Tuxido Veiling . 25o ind 5Qo *
Z ¦ «j&*» £?cr rf-» ti*S* **B I 1 1 Avmm\l§\vS£ Swell Sltlt pictured New Oaiae Veiling -With scroll patterns . . . SOC «
J? *T b * 8O f65 // ®\\Mr^%^^ i. made ot new Panama Urj. ChrniHc Dot Veiling . . . 5Oc *
jt 1 i^^\ $4.cotze 10-in $2.65 -^ J^ lined jacket unlined skirt, Auto VVis— In the cmbriffFrcts S 2.QO *
% rtSSttfesife^ f4.So.«,'n-in. $2.95 . rmmed: regular' Chiffon Drape- Hemstitched border and tracing of gold X
£ 4P'fri ?x =ltlNwni3n\ Se..<;os:ze, i :-in. . $3.45 5^2.50 values for . . .• *?*.%*»%+^ —__ M - M — M _« MM ____
£ i^ea®PH| «6-o3 «« e> ,4-Jn. . .53.85 Covert JacKets-Inthenew effects, are receiving unusual Dsiitly Easier NOYCltlCS *
i ' 6 - 5 ° S "' T "• • f H'ii a V tfe,t:on C frcm the best *««. AbOUi Half PriCO 3
* £7-Oosze, i6-.n. ..$4.55 ncw mcde s at 58. 75, $'+ S°< $* 6 -75. * l 9- 3°. &2Q.5Q **BUUt fJUMf moe
% Solid Leather Dress Sut Cases- Linen lined, with a D 4jsy Silk oTa'tf for afternoon, eyening and traveling; new extrem: Noyelty, as pictured-the \\fl \
J shirt pocke: inside, so id brass bolts and locks; 20-in. i rn g t h taffeta coat for travei:ng, in two ttyblj J18.50 ani Jil-SO rabbt Vienna bronie, en- Y\f X
»l $5.T'O, i=-in- $5*50, =4-'". $G*OU, 26-m. va i UM f or __ ame:ed China egj, in rns- (ffi{ r=S! \ JL.2 x
*{ $6.50. ' fSISmOO and $17m5O tic bronze frame, orna «$' lg0 K^A 'J
* Imitation Alligator Club Bagt— Linen lined. bra?s mrnul and usefiil; can be J^Vv*^ne?a %
J. sliding leck and bra« catches, pocket inside, strong handle: J _ , used for hiirpirw, matches, BtfJfe//^' &Ik?rr*h \
% 13-in. $1.65 i5->n-af.95 17 m. $2.25 Special Wednesday bale as h recever, etc.; wrnh , C^'-^ l//« ' \ *
I I4 ' in - S1 ' 8i l6 ' in ' s2mW l8 " in " S2 ' 35 Sample Cotton Waists . > 75c; t>da 7 . . . 430 *
*i Sale Rubber Goods $2.50 to $5.00 Values with figure of cu P ; .d and sjq\ *<*
% Although these articles ar= placed on special sale at sale TO-DSiV SI ' m48 «^^^ •' Ch:na egg, « dainty gift ¦*
g prices, w.-pestivev guarantee them to be perfect in m.nu- , " AmPrica «. JP^STa tor bonbens or Tiokti; ipecnl toniay B9O X
I- Lure and that they \\1 give satisfaction. 300 sample wa.sta from Amer.ca, V^jA 75= V.enna Bronze Rabbit- With enameled red China .J
i ,c C -quart Water Bottles to-dav 50c h ' gheSt gradC manufa " urCr ,° f W~ f& eggs, en whrels; speral to-day 43O 'J
i l^^i^^^M^M^ --V° ttOrl """"I ituZZ > i\ 75C Vienna Bronze Bu.t-6 inches tall; subject either J
*: end tubinl 3 hard-rubber pipes: 75c z-quart capacity, ™<**\ n . a « \^ T "' / ' * X "* " '' "^ZZ* %
\% . , e«i,. o. . .', i . • MsniL trom show.ng (not like tamples tnat jW>]S? sprcial to-day 43o "2
to-day 5OC; 8 5 c 3-q"a.t capaoty, to-=ay.. . 6OC hayc road) . j hc maker -, n&S. ¦ J
I }J Othsr High-Grade Rubber Goods et Low Prices. trade name is well known, standing for /A\\\\Wl'8§OT\ M3 mm 44^ — eP~>£~ V^ #»^ x
\H Imptrial Water Bottle -Th= bnt one for wear: i-qt. perfection of style, fit and finish and / A\\\\\x\\L\v\\ 33MtitiGF&%3j!& i O^BJSsJf X
\S{ capacity 60c, 2-qt. capacity 75c, 3- qt. capacity 85c, appears labeled in each girment. / /yiWW WiWv \v\\ — '- r •
I* 4-qt. capacity $1.00. 5-qt. capacity $UJ Such values we. e never offered be- / | \\\ \ V^AVfA |\\\ Good Firkin Creamery But-^^^^ l/~ (T% %
% Excel?ior Fountain Syringe -Good quality, complete, fore at the beginning of the s:ason. / /Afu \\ 1 TOllV \\ tet\To-day and ThurS., Ib a2** 3»
ti with 3 hird-rubber pipes: 2-qt. 75c, 3-qt. 85c, 4-qt. Others ars actuiHy selling thes: same / X/ V^\\\\l 5 lr IL 1 „. ., „ . , , _-» -J
\* . . ... . .HOO ,tyfesfrcm$ a . S o to* 5 .co. If you ~? NVMi < ' & HfA K.rks White Russian Soap- 14 ban . . . . . 50o *
\t Household Rapid-Flow Syringe- Comrs with 4 ben are on hand early you will profit by V. \ .NjAl' {^1^1/^ „!?„.• ' TJ£l ' 1 ,• ' • ¦ • '
i t qua'itv screw end pipes, extra wide tubing, best quality of buying one or several of these \V Nab " CO Wafe "- AU fl »'°«. AlhenM « nd Ramonu, tin %
¦ £ Para rubber: 2 -qt. $1.00, -,-qt. 51.10, 4.-at . . .$1.25 handsome waists, (gj fl J9gX> ¦ SjXttU?m(fti^ c 'a c * * c/ f," ' k " " 'u " =n 5
S Household RoUry- Spray Bulb iyringe- With 3 screw each &&**£& ' '"B Sand So* p-Scrvker s best; ,4 bar, ... SOp *
J. end pipes, our price.. . ......... . $!.00 r- _. -T 1? Oillv Gallon Fruits- Peache^ aprurot. and » PP !e,, except tor J
H Beauty Massage Brushes-Pure black or re'd rubber.25c Sl.es 34^6, 3 S Otll}. ,. .. p:e i; gallon tins . . 21c %
\i EmpoKum Rubber Goves - Seamless, form fitting and " ! Janj II. Ex tract t-Burnett, z ox .boule . . . . 24O .«
*: durable, equal to anv advertised $1.50 glove; pair . 95c *»^9> ,<*" Hock Wh.teW.ne- Good, ordinary dmner wine, to^ay X
5 Rubbtr 5hteting-3V )«d v^ide 59c. 1 yard wide 60r. //? AT " * '* n£r Sf^i R Vt -' '}£' r 'u ' ' of ° S
• * 1/ j -a Oft- "r-r^ \r^. Ss^ * \m W JL mr m » **-^ *j:n— Oli Sloe cr Malt-s; Cross Gin, bot . . S2o %
I wSJ^^^MM^M^^* President B!ue Flag Whisky-100 proof, bott:ed^bond X
*: wide 80c, I^va'dswi/e. '. . .$1.20 & i &*S$^MMMl/Wl>&&&WlX^ north double the very special pr.ee, tor to-day and *
i- "Stork" Hospital Sheeting- Light, waterproof and serv- f PI imnniri - I II I || f ' ..jiK Thursday, fu.I q.«rt bottle . . B3p n
J. Kay Brand Sanitary Napkins —6 in box Z5c, I2inbox45c , . . -•*" •» » • *#*»v
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦? x & \J sZ J. ut G* ass » Lamps, g |
g The accumulation of goods from ever; department that A c
g. have been more or less damaged, yet not enough to impair M >
If their Icoks or usefulness, have been gathered together and tig I
jt will be sold at prices far below their cost. of J
I COME EARLY AND MAKE YOUR SELECTIONS. 8
11 122-132 S UTTER -ST.-;' 'N/.m
J ADVERTISEMENTS.
P*-^ -, *\
tw W I "IT W AM *TI
fl T^ S P, ainful tr °uble can be relieved and cured by. using- an I
¦ ' Aucoces Porous Plaster. Warm the plaster before apply- I
B ing — if not relieved by bedtime, place a hot water bao- I
H against the plaster qn the shoulder. ** I
If J,^5S5£ ll ?P ER « The3e Pi" 4 *" arc rood for all pakis and aches. They 1
U ,r iSV. 2 TWlrS * ha re b ? n "*»<**«* • nrore than i any article ever 1
M ?2i2\!Si h * Te . I ? a< £,r i 2 re cures ***" * n y other external remedy. Guaran. B
m teed not to contain belladonna, opium or any poison whatever. ?~~/ B ;
U Get the b»»t— Allcock's— The Plaster tha.: Cures. ITHE Presidential commission appointed to report
- needed changes in the public land laws has re
ported very closely in line with the sound action of
the Ogden Irrigation Congress. The timber and stone
act has been the instrument of fraud from the beginning
and is to be substituted by a law authorizing the sale of
timber, under suitable regulations, retaining the title to
the land, and also for the sale of stone that is needed for
building or other economic purposes.
Assignment of desert entries will be stopped, and the
commutation of" homestead entries within forest reserves
or where timber is the chief value of the land will be re
stricted. Homestead entries of agricultural land within
forest reserves will be permitted. -The law ought to go
further, by permitting the use in forest reserves and na
tional parks of such natural resources as hydraulic power.
A considerable, mining section of California is now, and
has long been, suffering: from. the denial of such use, even
when th/e hydraulic power has long been in private own
ership. Electricity generated by hydraulic power^has be
come a prime factor in economics and community life. Its
use injures nothing, impairs no'scenery and endangers no
forests. Indeed, it is a protection to forest lands;, be-
CHANGE IN THE LAND LAWS.
The more of such music the student
hears the better It will be for him, both
now and In the future. Undoubtedly,
a child will get more fun out of a
comic opera than out of Sembrich's
singing, and if be can be made to {un
derstand that it is to be regarded mere
ly as fun, and not as real music, far be
it from me to prevent his going to
hear it for I acknowledge willingly
that, in the way of Bpectacular per
formance, comic opera never reached
best to sing It in the flat, dry, throaty,
1 alky voice that the actress or actor
sang it in. If he (the boy) can be
brought to regard this \yzy of singing
as an eccentricity, and not as some
thing to be imitated, he may listen to
any amount of comic opera without
!>eing harmed thereby, but the question
is, can he be made to see these things
in their proper light? I am afraid not.
so I strongly advise taking him to con
«erts instead— good concerts, .where
great artists like BJspham,, Sembrich,
.Schumann-Heink, aud bo on sing.
Hearing such music as true artists
sing, to say nothing of the way they
sing it, is a liberal education to any
one.
1NCORHECT WAV OF SITTING
ANT» KINGING WHEN PLATING
ONEE OWN ACCOMPANIMENT.
Tax on Jezvcls.
A large bunch of trouble, social and
otherwise, Is in readiness for the Con
gressman who attempts to enact into
law a bill taxing jewelry in Washing
ton. Wealthy Washington women, pre
eminent in the social life of the na
tional capital, are agitated over the
measure, which was drafted and intro
duced by the District Commissioners,
and which aims to reach valuable per
sonal property now untaxed, being
classed as. heirlooms. The bill takes
jewelry out of that class. There 13
hardly a social function nowadays
where the bill is not discussed with
great anxiety and some bitterness by
the women possessing Jewels. Mrs. I*
Z. Leiter is said to own the finest col-,
lection of jewels at the capital. Her
rubles alone are worth a king's ran
som.
AT a joint conference of the Federal, State and city
health officers it was decided to declare uncom
promising war upon Chinatown rats. It was
agreed that the dwellings in the congested Mongolian
quarters should be made "rat proof" by the use of ce
ment in cellars.and underground substories, so that the
disease infested rodent cannot make his way from build
ing to building through the easy passages offered by
rotten wooden partitions. Though the joint board real
izes that it will be impossible to enforce a wholesale con
version of cellar construction in Chinatown, it is the
spirit of their ruling that any new structures should be
provided with concrete flooring in the basement and that
a board of inspection may order such change in existing
buildings if deemed advisable.
This determination upon the part of our health au
thorities is a step in the right direction. It needs not the
confirmation of specialists to convince the thinking man
that the rat, scavenger though he may be, is also en
dowed with power of disseminating contagious disease
above any of his fellows in the animal kingdom. Ex
periments in some of the densely populated cities of
Germany a#id France have shown that this indiscrimi
nating gormand of the sewer and the cellar has probably
played a more active part in recent epidemics of typhus
and allied contagious maladies than, any other single
agent. To put an end to the evil a toxic virus has been
inoculated into a few rats, so that they might infect
others with it. thus fighting fire with fire.
Until this method of rat destruction can be perfected
and freed of any possibilities dangerous to humankind,
the plan which the joint conference, of health officers
have decided upon is^the only feasible one for the sup
pression of the growing army of rats. Certainly it will
be fjreatly to the public benefit if we can keep our
Chinatown rats under curb as the health officials have
Rich Watermelons.
Secretary Shaw tells a at the
expense of some disciples v. of the pro
hibition faith. There were some good
and well meaning people, he said, who
RATS AND DISEASE.
The Carnavalet museum in Paris will
shortly receive an interesting addition
to its curiosities. The cradle of the
Prince Imperial has been offered to the
museum by M. Pietri. It is probably
the most ornate cradle in existence.
The city of Paris offered it as a gift
to the Empress on the birth of the
"Little Prince" in 1836. The cradle is
profusely decorated. At the back ia the
escutcheon of Paris, in enamel, on a
gold shield, and the sides are covered
with shields and medallions In enamel,
designed by Flandrin. The design of
the cradle was the work of Baltard.
In 1856, when it was presented to the
Empress Eugenie, Its cost was put at
more than 532.000. It was much in the
public eye three years ago when it was
6a exhibition at the Petit Palais. Then
the desire was expressed that it might
become the property of the nation.
That wish has now been realized.—
Pall Mall Gazette.
An Imperial Cradle.
The defalcation of the Treasurer of San Jose supplies
another incident in the public life of California for the
serious consideration of thinking people. Is it another
good man gone wrong or only another bad man found
out? Whichever it may be, it will probably teach no les
son. Dishonor seems to have lost its terror.
ALL FOURS— Player, City. In tha
game of "all fours" the players cut for
deal, the highest card having the deal.
When there are two players the dealer
gives six cards to each player, turning
up the thirteenth card; if there are ton*
players the twenty-fifth card Is turned
up and that card is trump*.
RUSSIA'S WAR STRENGTH-D. S..
Melones, Cal. In time of peace the
army strength of Russia ia: l,098,94t»
men, 173,400 horses and 3200 guns. The
war strength i3: 78,827 officers, 3,180,95*
men, 613,400 horses and guns according
necessities. On a first reserve the army
draws 2,252,000 officers and men, and
on the second reserve 1,802,913 men and
officers, and If that should not ba
enough conscription may follow.
PHONOGRAPH— D. M., Woodside.
Cal. In 1807 Thomas Young, M. D.,
pointed out a way by which a tuning
fork might be made to record Its own
vibrations. From that time on numer
ous attempts were made to perfect
sound-producing machines, but it was
not until 1357 that there was a practical
result of the idea of Dr. Young. And
It was not until 1877 that Thomas Edi-
Ron presented the phonograph as an in
strument for reproducing the human
voice. Since that date the inventor has
greatly Improved the original and oth
ers have produced the gramophone and
the graphophone, which differ from the
Edison machine in this, that they use
vulcanized rubber disks instead of wax
cylinders.
BIRD FOOD— Subscriber. Oakland,
Cal. German paste, a bird food for
larks, thrushes, nightingales and other
singing birds, especially those which in
their wild state feed chiefly upon In
sects, is composed of the following ma
terials: To two pounds of pea meal
add one-half pound of sweet almonds
which have been blanched, one-quarter
pound of fresh butter or . lard, five
ounces of moist sugar, one-half dram
of hay saffron and three eggs boiled
hard. This 13 beaten into a smooth
paste with water to give the consist
ency required for granulating through
a colander. The granulated paste is
then exposed to the air in a warm
place until it is quite hard and dry. If
properly prepared and dried It will keep
good in a dry place for a year or more.
There is one slight point which a
choirmaster might omit to mention, and
which I think it advisable to speak of
here, as it applies to all students of
singing, whether they happen to be
choristers or not. It is this: In sing
ing the boy must t>e careful how he
holds his sheet of music. In the first
place, if the paper is held too closely
to him it will tend to interfere more
or less with t!.e tone, not only because
it Is an obstruction, but because in
order to so hold it the singer must of
necessity cramp his chest and limit for
the time being the power of the lungs
for expansion. When holding the mu
eic too closely the boy will unconscious
ly drop his chin (as he lowers his head
to bring his eyes on a level with the
music) and thus throw the whole vocal
apparatus out of poise. This may seem
ja small point, but It is only too often
the means of curtailing or muffling
! sound, thus interfering strongly with
the faithful rendition of the song and
the beauty of the music rendered.
The pupil. who plays his own accom
paniments is even more liable to pre
vent people from getting. the full bene
fit of his singing, for In his eagerness
to play the accompaniment well he is
apt to lean forward toward the music
rack, thus throwing his chest out of
poise in another and quite as unde
sirable way as does the pupil who in
standing covers his face with his'mu
6lc.
A good rule to observe Is never to
stand or sit in such a way as to Inter
fere at all with the free play' of the
lungs. If sitting at the piano be sure
that the stool is at the right height,
be careful to have the pupil keep an
erect position, and," most Important of
mil, be sure that there is light enough
to see the notes perfectly- without
straining his eyes.
with ordinary choral singing at all. Of
the latter I do npt approve, except in
a case where one has already a trained
voice and knows enough to hold his
own, whether "his neighbor is singing
off. the key or not. In a large mixed
chorus of promiscuous voices there are
always a certain number of people who
sing a little off pitch, and one is liable
to be placed next to one of these peo
ple and to be influenced by his voice
without knowing it. If the chorus is
a large one the directory cannot poa
sibly weed out every voice that is not
quite true, for the trouble may be too
Blight to be detected against all the
volume of tone, and yet be of .enough
power to tend to drag down the voice
next it. *'~*M
. y
CORRECT WAY OF ' DOING THE I
SAME.
BEER IN CALIFORNIA— D., Stock
ton, Cal. There are 103 breweries in
the State of California and the yearly
output of these is about 900,000 barrels.
BRITT-O'KEEFE— R. B., City. There
was no forfeit money put up on the
Britt-O'Keefe fight in San Francisco.
Answers to Queries.
Wolf von Schlerbrand, Ph. D., author
of "The Kaiser's Speeches," and a well
known observer of international affairs,
tells in the current Harper's Weekly
some interesting facts about the Rus
sian peasants, who are considered to
be one of the mainstays of Russia in
time of war. The Russian peasants,
who number about 100,000,000, are, ac
cording to Von Schierbrand, slowly
starving to death. Their average earn
ings in the central provinces are only
8 or 9 cents a day throughout the year.
During the busiest harvest time they
rise to 13 or 16 cents a day, but through
out the winter they earn nothing.
Their diet consists of meal, flour and
grits, cabbage and potatoes— no meat,
excepting three times a year. Their
food is less than that enjoyed by the
peasant class of any civilized country.
They live in hovels two and a half
yards long and one end a half yards
high, which harbor the entire family
and whatever cattle they possess. Is
it any wonder, asks Von Schierbrand,
that the Russian peasant has degen
erated, morally and physically?
Russia and the War.
A company has been formed to ex
ploit Victoria Falls, in the Zambesi,
and will build a hydro-electric generat
ing plant, with the expectation of sup
plying power to the Waukie coal fields,
Buluwayo, the Gwelo, Sebakive and
Hartley gold fields, all of whicU . are
within 300 miles. The falls are over
400 feet high, and, while the total
amount of energy running to waste at
Niagara is 7,000,000 horsepower, the cor
responding figure for the Victoria Falls
in the wet season is 23,000,000. The
railway has now been completed to
within seventy miles of the falls and
will reach them before the end of
March.
Pozvcr From the Falls.
I bring this subject up in the les
son to-day because every child that
hears music at all !s liable to go io
hear comic opera, and there is much
that might be harmful to him music
ally in almost any opera of to-day. I
mean by this not only that the music
itself is not, as a rule, anything that
is good enough for him to listen to
or to giiiri ideals from, but the way it
is Eung is something no child should
be allowed to consider as real music.
There is a certain unhappy medium
between singing and talking, which
'is largely employed by solo singers in
comic opera at the prerent time. It is
borrowed directly from the vaudeville
stage, and one can only hope that it
will soon be relegated to the place
from which it came, there to stay.
The stvle of so-called singing to
which I allude is "catchy." undoubted
ly, but therein lies its danger, for if
our pupil goes to hear light opera and
finds there some coon song sung in the
way which I have described he will, in
all probability, wish you to buy the
song for him. and will try his very
., — v
tonction and "ragtime" flavor about
them that there :s not much room left
lor melody. Even the real "comic
opera" seems to be a thing of the past;
and in the mdiet of the so-called comic
operas of the day (which have evolved
into nothing more or less than col
lections of vaudeville-like songs,
strung together without any apparent
connection with the feeble and hardly
to-be-discovered plot of the opera),
one looks for the good old days of
"Robin Hood." "Mikado,"' "Patience,"
"Pinafore." and so so.
cbt&ECT ANGLE TO HOLD Ml'
K1C.
Her Highness the Nawab Shah Jahan
Begum of Bhopal, of whose travels and
doings we are hearing a good deal just
now, is one of the most remarkable
women in India. She rules nearly a
million subjects, spread 'over an area
of nearly 7000 square miles; maintains
a force of nearly a thousand cavalry,
twice as many infantry and seventy
guns. Bhopal is remarkable from the
fact that it not infrequently produces
women who make better rulers than
the men. This has happened several
times since the reign of the famous
Dost Muhammad Khan, founder of the
Bhopal dynasty. Upon the death of
the hereditary Prince his widow, if she
survive him, takes his place at the
head of the state. Furthermore, the
widow of the heir apparent may, at
the death of the ruler, succeed.
Begum of B ho pal.
"Yea, indeed," replied her mother.
"And what's more, he will take and
bury them so you will never see them
again." . •
"Oh, then he must be the under
taker," said Alice triumphantly, think
ing that this time at least she had
made the right guess.
"Will the man take this away if I
am naughty, and this, and this?" to
each of which queries her mother re
plied in the affirmative:
"Humph!" said Alice. "He's a reg
ular 'taker,' ain't he, mamma?"
Alice noticed the disappearance of
the three toys, but discovered with
some satisfaction that there were still
many left. / She was somewhat bother
ed about the identity of "the man"
who had taken away the toys and
made several guesses as to whom he
might be, such as the ashman, the
doctor, etc., all of which, of course,
were wrong. Picking up several toys
one after another Alice said to her
mother:
One More Job for Him.
Three-year-old Alice had been told
that every time she was naughty /'the
man" would take away one of her
toys, it being thought that this method
would cause her to be good. Alice
had successively lost in this wise her
best doll, doll buggy and toy piano
for various infantile transgressions
and one morning was surveying the
scene of devastation.
At this time it is of interest to note some of the re
sources of Plumas as they are enumerated. Fifty per
cent of its agricultural lands are virgin soil, the lack of
transportation alone having caused them to remain un
cultivated. These, are, rich, have abundant water and
promise magnitude to the farming and dairying enter
prises of the future. W.hcn it becomes possible, as the
Independent truly says, to get. low transportation rates
on mining machinery to Plumas the rich deposits of min
erals need not go begging for owners. There is an im
mense amount of good timber in the county that remains
in the forest because of the absence of a railway to move
the harvested product. Grazing lands hold out a green
invitation to large herds of cattle to grow fat on luscious
grasses. Superb scenery abounds. The great Plumas
valleys are known at least by name to thousands of
Californians who have ne-er viewed them. Their beau
ties will be better appreciated when they can be more
easily seen.
The railway that is supposed to be near construction in
Plumas County will, if the line of its present survey be
followed, run through Sierra, ' Mohawk and American
valleys, Qass within three mile- of Quincy and then
through the great depression that forms the immediate
watershed of the north fork of the Feather River. It
will be the policy of the railway to build up the county.
In return Plumas is amply able to furnish a large
freighting business to the railway, the volume of which
must increase in proportion to the amount of encourage
ment given to local development. In its semi-centennial
year Plumas County has a fine outlook, and this will tend
to make such celebration of the creation of the county
as may take place the more enjoyable.
NEXT month will bring the fiftieth anniversary of
• the organization of the county of Plumas. The
precise date is not on record.- The necessary
steps to make Plumas into a county were taken in
April, 1854. Two of the three Commissioners who were
named in the legislative act of March 18, 1854, are still
living. These are W. S. Dean and ].' W. Thompson.
Plumas was carved from the area of Butte County.
Prior to that, the residents of what is now Plumas County
were subjected to great inconvenience by compulsory
travel to obey court summons in Butte. Since then Plumas
has made. progress. Its climate is evidently favorable to
longevity, for the survival of two of its founders out
of three attests to that fact. Other conditions have also
been proven to be agreeable by the circumstance that the
two surviving Commissioners still claim Plumas as their
home.
In the half century that has elapsed since Commission
ers W. S. Dean, H. J. Bradley and J. W. Thompson first
met to carry out the purpose for which they were rramed
by the Legislature Plumas has patiently awaited the
opening up of its great natural resources to the world.
It is rich in minerals and agricultural possibilities.
Greater attention is now directed to them than at any
time in the history of Plumas. In its semi-centennial
year the conditions .are full of promise for the moun
tain county. In calling attention to the signs of the
times the Plumas Independent is active. The probabil
ity that a transcontinental road . will be. constructed
through the county inspires the hope of a great awaken
ing in the near future.
SEMI-CENTENNIAL OF PLUMAS.
<SonB Writer. Formerly Director of Music in
the College of St. John the Baptist.
New York.)
'Copyrlpht. ll*>4. l)>' Joseph B. Bowles.)
In choosing songs for children's use
one should be just as particular as
¦with piano music.
It is not worth while to waste time
in teaching or learning poor music,
Whether it be intended for voice or
other musical instrument.
Look out for the "coon" element in
a song. Nowadays so-called "popular
eongs" have so much of the "coon" in-
* —
Training for Choristers.
CT A NICE TEUHUNE.
volunteered to look after the interests
of society in general. They subscribed
to the tenets that forbade the quaffing
from the cup that smacketh of liquor.
They gave a banquet wondrous in the
moderation of its menu. Watermelons
wound ui» their festal Itinerary. Now,
some creature in whom dwelt the spirit
of wickedness had poured champagne
into the 'watermelons. The sparkling
stuff had permeated the fruit from end
to end and left its impress— at full
strength— from base to circumference.
Each one of that faithful band of ab
stemious citizens smacked hl3 lips un
consciously, and then quickly glanced
at his companions. They looked sus
piciously at one another. Then they
resumed the attack on the luscious
melons with renewed vigor, and slyly
extracted the seeds and put them In,
their vest pockets!
Maeterlinck has invited criticism by announcing that
patriotism is a barrier to freedom and harmful to the
highest ideals of any people. Why is it that people will
insist upon pronouncing judgments in a field in which
they know nothing? As Maeterlinck is not a patriot,
he should be satisfied with the profitable glory of being
a good playmaker.
While no one would be justified in ascribing conscious
motives to any member of the court, it is not without
significance that the three Democratic members, Chief
Justice Fuller and Justices White and Peckham, dissent
from the majority opinion and justify the contentions of
Messrs. Hill and Morgan thft the merger is merely an
exercise of property and personal freedom.
This partisan alignment of the court will have its ef
fect on politic?. The capital which seeks profit 'and ad
vantage in enormous combination will naturally seek
to elect a Democratic President in order to be rca'dy for
the next two vacancies on the bench. The dissenting
opinions show that there is such a thing as a partisan
view of the law based upon party methods of construing
the constitution. The Democratic view, uttered by the
three Democrats in the court, is against the power of
Congress to enact such legislation as the majority
opinion enforces against the merger. .
This is the background to the antics of the remarkable
Mr. William Randolph Hearst, who informs the country
that he is in effect the court below and has been affirmed.
The discussion of the points presented by the trust
attorneys is very interesting, for it involves the old issue
of State. rights and the efficacy of State corporations.
The arguments for the merger made all the points that
have become familiar through publication in the New
York Sun and the other newspapers owned by the trusts.
We do not use the term "owned" in its usually offensive
sense, implying false pretenses and private subsidies.
The trust publications are the property of the trusts
and used by them to get their side before the public,
which is perfectly legitimate.
As it has been insisted in these newspapers, and was
repeated in the arguments, that ruin would follow such
application of the power of Congress as the decision de
clares may be made, Justice Harlan says: "It is the
history of monopolies in this country and England that
predictions of ruin are habitually made by them when it
is attempted by legislation to restrain their operations
and protect the public against their exactions. In this,
as in former cases, they seek shelter behind the reserved
rights of the States and the constitutional guaranty of
liberty of contract. But this court has heretofore ad
judged that the act of Congress did not touch the rights
of States and that liberty of contract did not involve the
right to deprive^the people of free competition in trade
and commerce. But even if the court shared the gloomy
forebodings in which the defendants indulge it could not
refuse to respect the action of the legislative branch of
the Government, if what it has done is within the limits
of its constitutional power."
Congress having the constitutional power to enact the
anti-trust and interstate commerce laws the courts must
execute those laws, and if their enforcement be injurious
to the people they* have their recourse in the election of
a Congress that will repeal the laws.
It will be remembered that J. J. Hill of the Great
Northern, who, next to J. Pierpont Morgan, was the
greatest factor in the merger, said that he would see to
it that no increase in .rates resulted from merging the
Great Northern and the" Northern Pacific. That declara
tion was an incautious admission that combining the, two
roads, which traverse and serve the same territory, car
ried with it the power to put up rates, because it de
stroyed competition. Mr. Hill has very expert legal ad
visers, and no doubt they advised him that an action
could lie only against an overt act, and that as long as
rates were not raised the merger. could not be impeached.
The court decides that unrestrained trade is the right of
the people and that the power to restrain it, though not
in present use, is so dangerous that the courts may de
stroy it, and that action lies without waiting for an overt
act.
The statement of the case by Mr. Justice Harlan is so
clear. that the lay reader decides it at once without .read
ing forward to the conclusions of law. Going back to the
court's decision on the interstate commerce : act the
Justice says: "Congress has the power to establish rules
by which interstate and international commerce shall be
governed, and by the anti-trust act has prescribed the
rule of free competition among those engaged in such
commerce. The natural effect of competition is to in
crease commerce, and an agreement whose direct effect
is to prevent the play of competition restrains instead
of promotes trade and commerce."
The court's decision is the most important interpreta
tion of the anti-trust law and of the power of the Feder
al Government over commerce between the States that
has been delivered. It declares that the act is not lim
ited to merely unreasonable restraint of trade, but is di
rected against all restraint, reasonable or unreasonable.
This means that the enjoinable act is- the power to re
strain trade, whether it is used or not.
THE case against the Northern Securities Company,
known as the railroad merger case, was brought by
order of the President under the anti-trust law.
This act of the President brought upon him the enduring
wrath of combined capital, and started that campaign
which it was hoped would defeat him for the nomination.
The trust organs have found an echo in every faction of
tne Democracy. The New York Sun shouts that "Roose
velt is unsafe," and the echo "unsafe" comes back from
Olney, Gorman, Hearst and Bryan. As the Supreme
Court has indorsed the position of the President, it ap
pears that the trusts and theirechoes think it unsafe to
enforce the law. . ' . •
Captain Julius A. Penn of the reg
ular army and recently at the Presidio
had charge of a battalion in the Phil
ippines a couple of years ago and tells
some good stories of the natives. Many
have strong artistic tendencies, but
their ability generally stops at copy
ing pictures, not in originating them.
Under the American regime they
have become quite patriotic and
when the Fourth of July ar
rived it was decided that the
day should be fittingly observed.
Much interest was shown therein and
one native artist was given the task of
painting a large figure of the Amer
ican eagle. Captain Penn, for want
of a better copy, gave the artist a
can which had -contained army con
densed milk, on which was printed a
figure of the great bird. The day
finally arrived and the troops and in
habitants assembled in the plaza for
the exercises. Back of the speakers'
platform, covered with white cloth,
stood high the painting which was to
be the surprise and feature of the day.
It was. The band struck up "The
Star-Spangled Banner," the cloth was
suddenly thrown back, unveiling to
the expectant people the beautiful
painting, but as the captain looked
what was his horror and astonishment
to see painted In the scroll where
"E Pluribus Unum" should be the
words, "Use Aunt Hannah's Brand of
Condensed Milk!"
Faithful to His Copy.
carefully a boy's vbiee is trained the
longer can he (the boy) stay in the
choir, while, on the other hand, a
voice that has not been guarded with
care very often goes to pieces forever
when the time comes for it to change.
At the time that the pupil's voice
really begins to change in earnest he
should Ftop singing and not try his
voice at all until it has changed en
tirely. This is most important, for
over and over again voices have been
ruined by singing during this transi
tion period, instead of giving the vocal
chords the rest they need while grad
ually acquiring their new register.
Choir practice is not to be classed
Choirmasters are, as a rule, exceed
ingly careful of the voices of the boys
v.hom they train, for they must of ne
cessity understand their business and
besides it is to their own interest to
train the voices carefully, for the more
The kindergarten songs I have al
ready mentioned in a former lesson.
They are excellent things to begin on,
because the words are generally writ
ten expressly for children, and touch
subjects mentally within their grasp.
It is most desirable to teach the
little boy to sing with expression, at
once, and in order to do this he must,
of course, understand just what he is
singing about.
There are many pretty little lulla
bys to be found and children may be
taught to King them very sweetly, act
ing them as they go and singing more
and more softly and slowly toward the
end, until the "baby" is supposedly
fast asleep at last.
A little girl that I know sings lul
labys to her doll in this way, and I
think she so loves the song that she
almost believes the doll is a real baby
by the time she reaches' the last verse
and the waxen lids are shut closely
down over the staring china eyes. Cer
tain it is that the child is perfectly
engrossed in the sentiment of the song
and all thought of self, all self-con
sciousness, is banished. In fact, it is
the true unconsciousness of the artist,
although exploited by a child five
years old, with a doll in her arms.
Right her.? I wish to say a word in
regard to choir training for boys.
There is nothing more elevating
than sacred music and the constant
music drill which a weekly service
necessitates is splendid training for
any boy. If ihere is a boy choir in
the town in which you live I strongly
advise you to let our pupil try at least
for admittance. If he once enters the
ranks he will" never regret is. I am
sure.
such heights since the world began as
at the present time. Just be sure that
the boy is able to distinguish between
the two. and doesn't mix up his ideals,
that is all.
Xow let us look for a moment at the
sort of music best suited to our pupil's
needs.
cause when introduced it renders unnecessary the use ot
wood for fuel to raise steam power, and stops that most
destructive and wasteful attack upon forests. ,
The new law proposes to give homesteaders a prefer
ence over scrippers, which is also in the right direction.
The members of the commission are: Mr. Richards,
Commissioner of the General Land Office, Mr. Newell of
the Geological Survey and Mr. Gifford Pinchot, Chief
of the Forestry Bureau. They all know Western condi
tions thoroughly, and their report is in the interest of the
West. The President is to be commended for such ad
mirable selections and it is to be hoped that their sug
gestions will be adopted by Congress.
THE MERGER DECISION.
THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor Address All Communications . to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office K **SMS^ > * * ' * .Third and Market Streets. S. P.
WEDNESDAY MARCH 16. 1904
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY... -MARCH 16, .1904.
Townsend's 'California glace fruits and
Candles. 50c a pound, in artistic flre-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 713 Market St.. above Call bldg.»
Speclal information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal-
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •• 'The following verdict was rendered
by the Coroner's jury at Colma yea
terday afternoon in the case of Patrick
Brooks, who was killed at Colma.Sta
tion by a. Southern Pacific train last
Saturday evening: "That the deceased
came to. his death from shock, the re
sult of injuries caused by being struck
by section No. 1 of train No. 10 of
the Southern Pacific Company, and we
find that the Southern Pacific. Com
pany is responsible for not having
gates at said crossing. We exonerate
the engineer and fireman from all
blame."
Holds Company Responsible.
Cotton Pleads Guilty.
Arthur Cotton pleaded guilty in
Judge Dunne's court yesterday to " a
charge of an attempt to commit bur
glary and was ordered to appear for
sentence on March 26. He was
charged with attempting to break
into the premises of V. Pisa, 8 Pres
cott court, on December 7.
Calif ornln Society of New York.
Moet & Chandon White Seal Cham
pagne was" served exclusively at the sec
ond annual banquet of the " California
Society of New York,-. which was held at
the Waldorf -Astoria, on Feb. 20, 1904.
Mrs. Lavinia G. Brown, 509 Jones
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the ar
rest of E. H. Brown, her divorced hus
band, on a charge of failing to "pro
vide for his two children, aged 5 and
3 years respectively. There is a suit
pending in Judge Troutt's court for
damages for breach of promise at the
instance of Mrs. Brown against
Brown, which has attracted wide
spread attention.
Brown was the son of a millionaire
lumberman in Eureka and when he
married, about eight years ago, his
father disapproved of the marriage
and finally threatened to^.-disinherit
him. To obviate that undesirable
consequence It is alleged that he sug
gested to his wife that they get di
vorced and as soon as his father died
he would marry her again. The father
died,, but Brown has failed to keep hiu
alleged promise, and it is said has
not contributed a cent toward the
support of the two children.
Mrs. Lavlnla G. Brown Secures a Wnr
runt for tho Arrest of Her
Divorced Husband.
Cashier W. K. Cole of the branch
Mint in this city will not be required
to pay to the Government the $30,000
for the stealing of which Walter N.
Dimmiek '.» now serving a seven years*
sentence in the penitentiary at San
Quentin. United States Circuit Judge
Morrow handed down an oral decision
yesterday to the effect that Cole was
not an officer of the Government un
der the provisions of the constitution.
Judge Morrow decided that Mr. Cole
was appointed, not by the head of
any of the departments but by Super
intendent Leach, and that he, there
fore, could not be held responsible to
the Government in a. civil action for
the shortage.
This decision renders Mr. Cole re
sponsible only to Superintendent
Leach on his bond to Mr. Leach. The
Government has not ordered any pro
ceedings against Mr. Leach's bonds
men for the collection of the shortage.
U. S. Circuit Judge Morrow Decides
That He Is Xot an Officer of the
Government.
ACCUSED OF FAILING TO
PROVIDE FOR CHILDREX
CASHIER COLE IS NOT
LIABLE FOIt SHORTAGE
The following musical selections
mere rendered: Overture, "Promo
tion." Theo Moses; waltz, "Social
Lion," L. Friedman.
The speaker demonstrated the three
spates of aggregation; their character
istics, fusion, boiling: and evaporation.
Many delicate and difficult experi
ments were made, all of which re-j
suited satisfactorily. '
Mr. Ruppert also explained the
phycical and chemical properties of
air. liquid air in it* application, action
on organized beings, frigotherapy,
liquid air and the chemical parts, rec
tication at low temperatures, liquid air
explosives and as a storehouse of
energy.
F. A. Ruppert, S. J., professor of
natural sciences of St. Ignatius Col
lege, gave an instructive lecture in St.
Ignatius Hall last evening: on "The
Production and Properties of Liquid
Air."
* WASHINGTON'. March 15.— Acting Postmas
ter General Wynne has called the attention of
postmasters to the law restricting the mailing
of first-class matter to not exceeding: four
pounds in each package. Tho statute has not
been strictly enforced for some time, but will
be In the future.
SCIKNTIST LECTURES OX
PROPERTIES OF -LIQUID AIR
Lieutenant H. T. Bull, Felipe Bus
tos, • Major F. de L. Carrington, Cap
tain S. G. Chiles. Lieutenant N. E. Cook.
Lieutenant O. R. Cole. John L. Cl«m, O. F.
Campbell, Lieutenant F. R. de Funak Jr., Lieu
tenant E. Dworak. Lieutenant C. E. D«la.
plane. Lieutenant L. " B. Dannemilie, Lieuten
ant Robert Dlckson, Dr. Mills Dennis, Freder
ick Donnelly; P. E. de Rackin, wife and child;
J. J. Dcsky, Mrs. George Denny, A. L. Davis,
Lieutenant C. II. Errington, Miss V. Eskrtd«e.
Lieutenant .1. W. Furlow. Lieutenant
C. C. Finch, Lieutenant F. IL Far
num. Dr. John M. Feeney, F. S. Feriruson,
E. G. Fischer; Major G. H. G. Gale, wife and
daughter; Chaplain J. C, Granviile, Dr. A. P.
Goff, T. J. Gorman. W\ A. Go'urley, Captain
,T. W. Heavey, Lieutenant nay Hoover, S. W.
Hill, Thadtleus Herlder, Major J. B. Jackson,
Lieutenant' \V. C. Johnson, Lieutenant G. L.
Johnson, Lieutenant W. C. Jones. E. V. John
fon and wife. Charles Jarman. Lieutenant W.
King;. Lieutenant J. C. Kay. Major L. A.
Loverlnr. Captain H. R. Lee and wife.
Captain R. E. Longon, L'tutenant R. M.
Lyon, Miss Virginia Lewlp, Dr. M. E.
Lar.do, W. W. loathe. Colonel A. L. Myer
and wife, Lieutenant Colonel II. P. McCain,
Captain M. L. McGrew, Lieutenant E. A.
Macklin, wife and child. Lieutenant E A.
Myer, Lieutenant 8. T. Mackall. Lieutenant
George McCue, Mrs. J. A. Murtagh and child.
Mlsa Bessie McNaughton, H. R. McClelland,
L. Manning. Lieutenant F. B. Nellson wife
and child. Dr. B, P. Norvell, W. T. Xoltlng,
Charles P. Newberry, Lieutenant W. M. Par
ker. Nat Pontz, Mrs. Pflgter and two children.
Lieutenant G. S. Richards, Lieutenant F. W.
Rjjwell, Lieutenant Boss Reese, W. C. M
.Ryan, Captain R. E. L. .S pence. Chaplain
O. C. Stull. Captain G. II. Shelton, Lieutenant
W. C. Stoil. Mrs. G. McK. Saltzman and In
fant, Lieutenant Andrew Shea, Miss E. Shorb,
Mies Agnes Sweet, Master Stull, W. L. Sands,
Major P. B. M. Travis, wife and daughter,
Lieutenant W. Twyman. wife and Infant. E.
C. Tuttle. Captain Z. B. Vance, Lieutenant
Hugo von Shuater. Colonel Henry Wygant,
Captain TV. T. Wilder. Captain F. L. Wells,
Lieutenant E. R. Wilson. Lieutenant S Wil
lltts. A. W. Whiteh«ad. Dr. A. D. Williams,
Margraves . Wood and Charles Wall,
Captain Robert Alexander, wife and two
children: Dr. Ira A. Allen, wife and child;
Major R. M. Dlatchford. Major J. E. Baxter.
Captain J. S. Battle, Lieutenant J. C. Brady
and wife, Lieutenant C. D. Buck,
In addition to the Filipino soldiers,
the Thomas brought back the Eleventh
Infantry, under command of Colonel
A. I- Myer. The Eleventh has seen
more foreign service than any other
regiment in the United States army.
The Thomas brought 1577 passengers
in nil. Among the cabin passengers
were the following named:
OTHEU PASSENGERS.
We shall probably b«* here about a week. I
shall, drill the Fcouts daily, and ahull in all
probability give pi me drills in the afternoon,
in order that any one interested m.iy come out
to the post and see them. The name "scouts' 1
is somewhat of a misnomer, aa they are in
reality native infantry. They are well drilled
and bo thrcujjh th'j different evolutions with
wonderful precision and accuracy. We have
a rplendld band. In fact. I think its style of
rendition of its cwn peculiar class of music is
pimply perfect in Its way. I think we will give
an evening band concert here, at one of your
downtown theaters, the latter part of thiR
week. The Filipinos are naturally a music
loving people and the men of my band are all
high class musicians.
it was intended. The scouts gathered
around the cases, and as their names
were called out they stepped up with
great alacrity for a covering which,
up to that time, had been an unknown
quantity to thern. They donned the
coats at once and seemed tremendously
pleased with their new attire.
Major Carrinprton, in sneaking of his
sojourn her*\ said:
MEMBERS OF THE PROVISIONAL BATTALION' OK PHILIPPINE SCOUTS 1
¦WHO ARE OX THE WAY TO THE LOUISIANA PURCHASE EXPOSI
TION AT ST. LOUIS, MO.. AND TUB OFFICER WHO " COMMANDS THEM. |
On arrival at the old Tennessee camp
the first thing the scouta did was to
build blazing fires in every tent, as
the air was unusually sharp and chilly.
Shortly after 4 o'clock big cases were
hauled to the field containing regula
tion blue overcoats. These had been
made to fit the. men, and each coat
bore the name of the scout for whom
GET WARM OVERCOATS.
The companies that arrived on the
Thomas are: Fourth Macabebes,
j Lieutenant Boss Reese commanding;
I Twenty-fourth Ilocanos, Lieutenant
i Dougherty commanding; Thirtieth Ta
i galos, Lieutenant Dworak eommand
i ing, and the Forty-seventh Visayans,
! Lieutenant King. •
Lieutenant Reese is the officer who
f killed San Miguel, the last of the bad
j natives, and in rounding up this trou
! blesome insurgent and his followers
i the Fourth Macabebes rendered nota
! ble service.
All of the 412 scouts who arrived yes
| ierday have done good, active service;
J all have been under fire and all have
I proved loyal to the American Govern
ment. Some wear scars made by insur
gent and ladrone bullets. The Maca
bebe company was originally part of
Batson's battalion and has a distin
j guished record. The Ilocanos served
j with credit in Samar, fighting a num
j b«?r of battles with the insurgents un
i der Lukban and Guevara. Four men
i of the Thirtieth Tagalos on one occa
! sion, in Laguna, attacked and over-
I came an armed force of forty ladrones.
i The Visayan company served in An
tique and Iloilo and had many brushes
j with Insurgents.
; The officers of the scouts, all white,
are nearly all former non-commissioned
officers of the United States army 1 .
They have all had their baptism of fire
and have been untiring in their ef
forts ' to make model sodiers of their
charges.
The commander of the battalion is
Major F. de L. Carrington of the First
Infantry. Lieutenant J. C. Brady of
the Fourth Infantry is quartermaster.
Lieutenant W. C. Johnson, the adju
tant, is a graduate of the University of
Vermont and a crack baseball player.
Most of the officers have seen service In
Cuba, China and the Philippines.
The Philippine Scouts have their own
band, and It is one of the best in the
service.
Judging by the samples which ar
rived from the Philippines yesterday
on the army transport Thomas, the
native of America's Oriental posses
sions is entitled to serious considera
tion from a militarv point of view.
The Thomas brought the Provisional
Battalion of Philippine Scouts, com
manded by Major F. de L. Carrington,
which has been ordered to the St.
Louis Exposition, there to go into camp
and remain for the purpose of showing
America-at-home and the rest of the
world what manner of man it is In
whose future Secretary of War Taft
has so much faith.
Wearing Uncle Sam's uniform and
bearing, some of them, honorable scars,
gained in the defense of Old Glory, the
Philippine Scouts look soldiers from
their neat little feet to the wiry black
hair that covers their well shaped
heads. Well drilled and under perfect
discipline, what they lack in size they
make up in Intelligence jind it is easy
to believe the glowing accounts given
by their ofnceis of the value of the
little soldiers, both as police and in
fantry.
The Philippine Scouts were organized
in 1901, when Congress, appreciating
the services rendered by the Maca
bebes. authorized the enlistment of 12,
000 natives as scouts. The Macabebes
had been loyal to Spain and when the
islands passed to America they were the
first to assert loyalty to the new flag.
Fifty companies were organized. They
.were recruited from half a dozen dif
ferent tribes. The hereditary enmities
of some of these tribes promised to be
a source of trouble, but the fears prov
ed groundless. Before everything else
the native Filipino seems to be a sol
dier and, once in uniform, can be de
pended upon not to allow personal feel
ings to interfere with military duty.
FROM FOUR TRIBES.
Once again the Krzyanowski estate
is to be dra gged into the courts, this j
time by Public Administrator M. J. 1
Hynes, through his attorneys, Cullinan
& Hickey, who will appear before
Judge Kerrigan this morning and peti- |
tion for special letters of administra- I
tion on the grounds that the executor
has been suspended and no one repre
sents the estate. They will also ask
the court to order an accounting, as I
the special administrator, A. O..Colton, !
turned over to Charles Rickrrian, the ;
executor, $25,173 95, of which only $10,- ;
000 remains. j
The status of the estate at the pres
ent time is sl most peculiar one. On ;
November 12, 1903, Judge Troutt, upon j
the petition of Attorney Darwin de j
Golia, representing Aloyzy Sylvester j
Borkowski, who claims to be a nephew ;
of the decedent, revoked the letters tes- j
tamentary issued to Charles Rickman, |
the legatee under the will, upon the j
grounds that it had been shown that s
there had been mismanagement and !
fraud and failure to render an account- j
ing. Since that time the estate has .
been without an executor, and the i
Public Administrator, upon that show- :
ing, wants the court to give him i
authority to handle it. I
Maria Krzyankowski died intestate i
at St. Joseph's Hospital on February 1, j
1903. In her will phe named Charles [
Rickman, an old friend, as residuary ;
legatee, after several small bequests to
religious organizations.- In the docu
ment, which was witnessed by Attor
ney G. H. Perry and H. W. Gantner, !
she declared that she was without kin.
Shortly after the filing of the will for'
probate Marie Nightengale, also known
as Maria Krzyankowski, through her
attorney, Charles Nagle, filed a contest |
to the will, alleging that she was the |
daughter of the deceased and therefore j
entitled to the $30,000 estate. Before !
the case came to trial a compromise j
was effected by the payment of $10,000.
There was much bitterness between
Attorney Perry, representing Rickman,
and Attorney Charles Nagle, and the j
latter, in a petition filed July 6, 1S03, J
says that Rickman hypothecated and |
pawned a portion of- the property, and
embezzled, concealed, smuggled and :
disposed of money and jewelry. He \
also accused 'him of being unreliable
and said that most of the property had
been turned over to Perry, whom he
designated as an irresponsible person.
During some of the court procedings
angry words passed between the two
contesting attorneys. Perry maintained I
upon several occasions that Nagle was i
endeavoring to foist a false heir on the ¦
courts. .
Notwithstanding this, in a motion for
a bill of particulars filed January 3,
1904, in the contest of the will institut
ed by Aloyzy Sylvester Borkowski.
Nagle and Perry are named as counsel !
for Rickman. Gantner, one of the wit
nesses of the will, who was an under
taker on Mission street, presented a
claim for $1356 75 for funeral expenses,
in which he made a charge of $1000 for
a casket and trimmings. The claim
was paid by Rickman as executor, and
this is one of the charges of misman
agement of which Judge Troutt took
judicial cognizance.
Claims That Owing to the
Suspension of the Executor
Estate Is Unrepresented
ASKS SPECIAL LETTERS
Wearing Uncle Sam's Uniform and Bearing Scars Gained
in Defense of Old Glory, the Native Soldiers .Who Are
Going to St. Louis Present a Splendid Appearance
Public Administrator Hynes
Will Battle for Control
of Krzyanowski Property
On the 25th will come the "Greatest
Circus and Horse Show" of the year—
with the Doctor's Daughters ringlead
ers, performers and impresarios of the
box office. Their Circus Maximus takes
place on that date at the Riding Acad
emy.
• • •
There are 150 subscription members.
The officers- and directors are: Presi
dent, Miss Maud A. Smith; vice presi
dent. Sirs. \V. A. Dean; recording sec
retary. Miss Katherine Dewey; corre
sponding secretary, lOsa Elisabeth Ed
wards: treasurer, ilrs. V. C. Driffleld;
directors. Mrs. W. B. Hooper. Mrs.
Chester L. Hovey and Mrs. Julian
Browne!!.
The Alaska Indian will not be for
gotten, as an excellent selection of
totem poles, fishing outfits, etc., will
be on exhibition. Saturday afternoon
will be children's day, when they will
be admitted at half price. A special
programme of historical and ethnolo
gical character has been arranged for
them, a feature of which will be an
Indian snake dance by a troupe of pa
pooses. Owing to a recent and gener
ous influx of donations, the society has
been able to move into its own new
Quarters on Clipper street, off Dolores,
between Twenty-fifth and Twenty
sixth streets. The object of the tea—
the most distinctive tea of the season
is to raise sufficient money to guaran
tee the running expenses of the cur
rent year. Admission to the Indian tea
will be 50 cents, both afternoons and
evenings.
in true tribal fashion
The visiting palefaces will be received
by the ladies of the society, garbed as
Indian maids, while the men will ap
pear as braves, attired in barbaric
splendor, with the svvaggerest things
in feather headdresses. They will as
sist in the various tableaux and cere
monials—while the women do the work
The members of this society, whose
especial care is the management of
the home— the Animals* Refuge— after
long deliberations and incessant labors
have prepared for their initial function
this Indian tea, and that it will be
liberally patronized at 50 cents per
ticket is a foregone conclusion. For
behold the attraction:
A wealth of rare Indian baskets,
numbering over 300. contributed by col
lectors and enthusiasts; a unique col
lection cf lT-O aboriginal pipes, hats,
trinkets and many other ethnological
curios will adorn the walls. One large
room, with its walls entirely covered
ulth Xavajo blankets and ornamented
with valuable Indian relics from the
collection of c. C. Lord, will be
devoted to a group of wigwams, where
the visitors will be entertained by
lealirtic Indian marriage ceremonials,
worship, Indian folk songs, juggling
aiid dances. Here, too, typical Indian
tea and refreshments will be dispensed,
while the more conventional refresh
ments will be served in the main din
ing-room.
Through the tenderness of spirit that
becomes Christian and supposedly civ
ilized peoples a home has been estab
lished for the care of sick and home
less animals, principally cats and dogs
—those loving but often loveless at
taches cf the household.
By Sally Sharp.
On Friday and Saturday afternoons
and eveninirs the home of Mrs. George
Law Smith. 222G Jackson street, will
be held in absolute bondage by Geron
imo. Hiawatha. Lone Star, Chinqullla,
Red Deer and all the rest of their il
lustrious tribes— Klikltat, Poma, Cher
okee, Choctaw, Sioux and the say and
festive Apaches. And it is not for
scalps they are searching this time,
but for the nimble nickel; and the facts
are these:
BATTALION OF PHILIPPINE SCOUTS
ARRIVES ON THE TRANSPORT THOMAS
ESTATE AGAIN
IN THE COURTS
CHARITY EVENT
FOR SICK CATS
AND CANINES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .-WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1G, 1904.
9
PRAGEH3
Grand Opening Sale
Beoiitifiil Spring Millinery
Our millinery department
-p-QrffijrjS&sb. opens the season under the
-5^^^^^^ • most auspicious conditions;
tne stock is the most com-
/0^^^^^^^^^m plete and has the greatest
j/J^^^^^^^^^^^ variety of stylish imported
' There win n ot be a hat
' shown in any store that we
< cannot duplicate at a lower
i^t^lpiyS* *¦ ' very swellest and newest
thing this season. There js
also a full line of Gage's street hats, Pattern, Chiffon, Braid,
Ready-to- Wear, Bonnets and Children's Tuscans and Sailors.
Besides the styles we* have imported, we have many pretty
ideas of our own, which our large corps of milliners will make
to your order. •
}AL,\VMTS RELIABLE
, 1238- 1250 MARKET ST-qffl,
| THE POLICY OF THIS STORE HAS NOT CHANCED. THE \
USUAL COURTESIES WILL CONTINUE. j
AanrsEMEjsrrs.
n>t
Cheer up and See ; ;t . ¦
The Rounders
SO VERY FT-NXY.
SO VEIIY BEAUTIFUL. BO FULL. OP
GOOD MUSIC. SO EXCELLENT A CAST.
Reserved Seats — Nlshts. 23c. 5Oc and 73c.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and 50c.
Children at Matluses. 10c and 25c.
m Next Comedy— "Kismet."
AT P A 7 A T> Betaaco A Mayer.
AJLl/AZAK WpScV
General aiaxutger.
AT 8 TO-NIQHT— Mats. Sat. and Sun.
rirst Representation! ia San Fraaclaco
of Klchard Wagner'* Miracle Play.
...PARSIFAL...
Produced under the seraonal direction of
Frederick Belasco.
The music by an orchestra of Twenty. '
Etrs., 23c to $1. 'Mats. 5»at. & Sun., 25c to 75c
"Given with Intense sincerity and reverence.
It cannot help but uplift the spectator." —
Chronicle.
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 532.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
The Greatest of All Irish Dramas,
SHAMUS OTOJT
"THE BOLD BOY OF GLENGALL."
nERSCHEL MAYALL AS "SHAMUS." '
Jig SD*claltW by Champion Gaelic Dancen.
DjHf L'C Eveninss 10c»to Wo
1 1UWLJ Matinees 10c. 15c, C5o
2T«Xt— TEE 3£XttQ OT DETECTIVES
BEGINNING MONDAY, MARCH 21.
I«"T Mary of
Seats Now on Sale.
Prices, 50c, 75c, $1, $1.50, $2.
High-Class Specialties
Every Afternoon and Eveniay la the
Heattd Tbcatar.
ENJOY YOntSELF IN CABARET DB LA
MORT.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO
VISIT THE MTSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Tak- a Trip DOWN T»2B FLUME.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c; Children, Be
"When Phoning Ask for "The. Chutes."
l$LJr FAVORITE
PSCRIFFIGN
JsL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
Schools and Cot/eyes*
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE Or TH»
- WEST. 21 Po*l st.. San Franciaoo. Cat.
Established 40 years. - - Ooen cntlra y«r.
Writ* Cor Illustrated catalogue tfrwi).
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
You Know
ThatTf you have fainting, smothering,
weak and hungry spells; if you have
shortness of breath when walking or go-
ing upstairs; if your heart 'is irregular,
flutters or palpitates; if you have pains
around the heart, in side and under
shoulders, cannot sleep on left side; have
difficulty in breathing when lying down,
that you are suffering from heart trou-
bles, and that it is liable at any minute
to prove fatal
Then don't delay. Commence at once
giving •
Dr. Miles' .
New Heart Cure
This famous heart and blo'od tonic will
cure you if taken in time.
The time is when you notice any of
the above symptoms.
* "I am glad I was persuaded to try Dr.
Miles' Heart Cure. I suffered greatly
from shortness of breath, palpitation,
smothering spells and pain around heart.
I took 6 bottles and was entirely cured.
This was two years ago. and I have had
no symptoms since." — JOHN K. TODD.
P. M., Ifnlopolis, Ohio.
If first bottle does not" benefit, your
druggist will return your money.
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New) HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense
of $280.000— New Management — ENTIRELY
FIREPROOF.
LOCATION — Very accessible to street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
228 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms in antique decorations,
Turkish Baths in Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. ,De Stel-
geTw , Chef.' formerly ¦ of Waldorf -Astoria and
Chef »o Prince of Wales.
: HOTEL- ORCHESTRA; Telephone Connec-
tions in every, room; long distance connections
made, with any part of the coa«t.
Wire for reservation*, at our expense.
BUTLER HOTEL. .Seattle.
Paiari* D0NT f ail to
laiaWW tec tho beautiful
. j COURT. Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
«« U PARLOR, the
>» -j PALM ROOM, the
sirnnn louis xv par.
V 1 *M I ¥. LOR, and the LA-
U X ¦>• DIES', WRITING
Hotels room.
POSTUM CEREAL.
Tin.V DIETT —
>'o Nourishment in It.
It's r.ot easy to keep up when cof-
fee has so ruined the stomach that
food won't digest.
A Mo. woman says: "I had been an
invalid for two years from stomach
trouble, caused by coffee, got so bad
I couldn't digest food, and for qtiite
a while I lived on milk and lime wa-
ter — nothing but that — a glass of milk
and lime water Bix times a day. In
this way I managed to live, but of
course did not grain.
"It was about 5 months ago I be-
pan ufinc Postum Food Coffee; I did
not need the milk and lime water af-
ter that, for I gained rapidly, and I
<an now eat a good meal and drink
from 1 to 3 cups of Postum each meal
:'.nd feel fine.
"I would not so back to coffee for
any reasonable pay. I like Postum
bolter than coffee now and make Pos-
tum by directions on box, and it Is
just fine; never found a better way to
make it than on box. Now this is all
true and you can easily prove it."
Name given by Postum Co., Battle
Creek. Mich.
Pcstum is a brew from field grains
with all the nourishment left in. It
makes red blood and rebuilds particu-
larly well where coffee has done dam-
age, as it does to nearly all who
drink it.
A 10 days' trial of Postum in place
*»f coffee works wonders. There's a
reason.
G«t the little book. "The Road to
WellviUe/* in each pkg. *
AMUSEMENTS.
| EmmettGomgan Company
< Presenting "Jockey Jones"; Nichols
I Sisters; Ixmey HaskeM; Barrows-
Lancaster Company, in "A Chip of
the Old Block": Poettinser's Swed-
ish Ladies' Qnintet; Ferjruson and
3Iack; Gillo's Artesto; Lmve-HuRhes
i Duo, and Orpheum 3f otion Pictures-
! Regular Matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
Vday. Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c. 25o
I and Me. ___^
v^JIbUivIiSBM lmlw uara
Last Hve Nights ggS&.
John C. Fisher's tiip Mo#t Majnlflfcent
! Stupendcua - . I Jl r of All Musical
j Presentation. x "*"' Comedy Production*.
| SILVER SLIPPER
With SAMUEI. COI.I.XNS.
The Sensational ChanipagM Dance.
SEAT SALE *****%
OLA* I OHLL To-Uorrow for
MARY MANNERING
CALIFORNIA
SEE THE BABY! RjK
!i MR - ci If I \/n
| DANIEL DULLl I
! * In his Kreatest success, N
THE OLD MILL STREAM 1
! A Rural Romance of Sursassinic Ex- B
j cellenct. 5j
Sunday— BEN HENDRICKS 1
„ in hla new play. "ERICK OF •
tlVOLISSSS.
LAST FZVJB NIGHTS OT
THE GYPSY BARON
Strauss' Romantic Opera in Three Acts. -
FIRST APPEARANCE IX ENGLISH OF
SIC. DOMENICO RUSSO
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE !
MONDAY. March 21 — First Production In
San Francisco ot
MR. PICKWICK.
Usual Popular Prices 23c, BOc and 73c
Box Seats $1.00
HAROLD BAUER
PIANIST.
P , f TT |T I \mm* M. ' M *~\ JLm» 1— **
LAST BECXTAXi
THIS APTEK.NO OK AT 3:20.
POPULAR PBIOES.
Course tickets Waxner lecture recitals now
ready at Lyric Hall.
KATE JANISCH &XCTUBZ3.
BEAUTIFUL NEW ZEALAND
Illustrated Views and Motion Pictures.
TO-HIGKT AND FRIDAY NIGHT,
THE EAST COAST.'
Friday Afternoon — THE WEST COAST.
CHILDREN. 23c at MATINEE.
Reserved seats, $1.00. T5 cents and 50 cents
at Sherman. Clay &. Co.*s.
Racing IsS^l^liaciiijrl
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLVB.
* Racine Each Week Day, Rain or Shlnt. •
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sbarjh
For special trains stopping; at tha track tak*
g. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12, 12:30.
1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. . No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladlea and their
escorts.
Returning trains tear* track at 4:10 and
4:45 apd Immediately after the last race. .
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS.-' President. .
PERCY >:. TREAT, Baerctary.
\A/. T. HESS,
Notary Pnblle and Attorn ey-at-Zis/w.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus SprecktU bids.'
Telephone Main 083.
Residence. 1SOS McAllister at.
-¦ Xtesidencs Telephon* Pas« E6U.CHAMPION HANDBALL PLATER WHO TRAVELED ACROSS THE CONTI- I
NEXT TO MEET JAMES FITZGERALD IN THIS CITY TO DETERMINE
WHICH SHALL POSSESS THE TITLE TO THE HIGHEST HONORS. I
Xoted Trotter Is Dead.
NEW YORK, March 15.— Kentucky
Union (2:07^4), owned by John J. Scan
nell of this city, is dead at the former
Fire Commissioner's -breeding farm
near Fishkill Landing. In J896 the
marc, as a three-year-old, gave prom
ise of great things and beat the best
trotters on the grand circuit. Only a
few weeks ago Mr. Scannell lost his
champion. trotter, .ThejAbbot, in a sim-
¦ The water polo contest between
members of the Lurline Swimming
Club held at the Lurline Baths last
night was close. The score was 2 to 1.
The - team made up of T. Harris, G.
Daw-son, W. Bray, W. Clark and J. A.
Jackson, with W. Pomin as captain,
defeated H. Heinz, O. Schultz, A.
Heinz, George Harris and R. Dawson,
captained by W. Harris. E. Dowe act
ed as timekeeper and Judge of goals.
Fast . Water Polo Contest.
Walter Marer.o and Owen Sullivan,
the sturdy amateur heavyweights who
are to box the main event at the San
Francisco Club's bisr show at the new
Woodward's Pavilion Friday night,
are both in good shape for the en
counter. Much interest is centered in
this match, as the winner expects to
meet Sam Berger for the coast heavy
weight championship. Owen Sullivan
is not the Sullivan who fought Berger
at Mechanics' Pavilion recently. Owen
has never been defeated.
The two O'Briens promise to keep
the spectators on their feet all dur
ing their bout. Telegraph Hill Jack
says he will surely beat his namesake
Friday night.
Jack Grey,, who is to meet Charley
Sloat, is pronounced one' of the most
promising amateurs in the State. The
other bouts, ten in all. are nil good
ones. and Woodward's will no doubt
be crowded Friday night. < Alex Greg
gains will referee.
Exciting Routs Arc Expected at the
Opening of New Woodward's Pa
vilion on Friday Night.
A3IATEUR HEAVYWEIGHTS
ARE TRAINING j CAREFCXIiY
Tixst race— Yotmjr Morollo, Argot,
Educate.
Second race — Zenonlaa, Box Elder,
Resigned.
Third race — Oalanthni, Quiz n, Bol
licl.
ronrth race— Modicum, Xoratim,
Bombardier.
Fifth race— Pirst Chip, Handpresi,
Flaneur.
Sixth race — Billy Koore, Decoy, Out
burst.
St. Mary's Will Play Jesse Moores.
OAKLAND, March 15.— The Phoenix
baseball team of St. Mary's College,
which has defeated the teams of both
the big universities, will play the Jesse
Moores, the champions of the Mid
winter League, on the Eighth and
Harrison street grounds in San Fran
cisco on Thursday afternoon at 2:33
p. m. Following is the lineup:
Jesse Moores. Positions.' Phoenix.
Nagle or Loh Pitcher .Ferguson-Schofleld
Steffens Catcher Ryan
Murphy First base Strelb
Strub Second base ..Haley
Downing Third base Adamena
Smith Shortstop Westerberg
Muller...". Left Held... Rooney
Spencer Center field Domergue
Shanahan Right field .Devlno
Pyne Extra ...".. Bigley
PROBABLE WXmiEBS.
The directors of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League met last night In the
office of President Bert and com
pleted their arrangements for the
forthcoming season. Those In attend
ance were: President Bert, Henry
Harris and Theodore Goodman, of San
Francisco; J. Cal Ewing of* Oakland.
Mike Fisher of Tacoma. Parke Wilson
of Seattle and James F. Morley of Loa
Angeles.
Henry Harris, as chairman of the
schedule committee, presented the list
of dates for the season of eight
months. The novel feature of this
is that San Francisco Is left without
baseball for weeks in the height of th«
season. This was found necessary In
order to give the other cities on the
circuit a proper proportion of games.
After the meeting adjourned Man
ager Morley of Los Angeles asked per
mission to bring up, informally, the
case of Captain Dillon, the crack
first baseman of the Los Angeles team.
He then put his case before his asso
ciates in a much plainer light than It
had been presented heretofore. He
showed where Ned Hanlon had acted
outside his official capacity as a repre
sentative of the Minor League, the lat
ter organization not having acted on
the'Dillon case. Hanlon used his con
nection with that body to further the
interests of his Brooklyn National
Leagtie Club, for which he want3
Dillon.
President Bert said no formal demand
has been made for Dillon. Manager
Morley will appeal his case to the re
cently organized National Commis
sion, the Supreme Court of the base
ball world, and expects a favorable de
cision, which will enable him to re
tain D'llon.
Athletic Meet at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
15.— On Saturday morning the Santa
Rosa Hi?h School track team will try
conclusions with the freshman ath
letes on the Stanford track. The meet
was scheduled originally for last Sat
urday, but was called oft on account
of the muddy condition, of the track.
A close and exciting contest is ex
pected, as the Santa Rosans are said
to have some fast men among their
number.
Thursday afternoon the varsity base
ball nine will play a game with a team
from the Presidio on varsity diamond
and on Saturday will meet Clif Ire-'
land's Independents for the Mcond
time
Manager 3Iorley Presents
His Side and Makes a Good
Showing— Schedule Novel
LOS ANGELES, March 15.— The Chi
cago Nationals and Los Angeles played
a fourteen-inning game at Washington
Park this alternoon and the flnal score
was 2 to 1 in favor of the National
Leaguers. The game was an exhibi
tion of first class baseball from start
to finish. Neither side scored until the
ninth inning, when both got a man
across the plate, making the score 1
to 1. There was no more scoring until
the last half of the fourteenth, when
Chicago batted in one run and won the
game. Both teams played fast ball and
there were a number of spectacular
plays. The pitchers, three of whom
were tried out on each side, were all
in good form. Score:
Los Angeles.... OOOOOOOOJ 0000 0—1
Chicago 0000000 010 000 1—2
Batteries: Loe Angeles — Wray, Baum, Asher,
Spies and Eager; Chicago — Corrldon, Brown,
Luiulftren, Kline and O'Nell. Hits — Los An
geles 7, Chicago 0. Errors — Los Angeles 2,
Chicago 2. Umpire — Wilkinson.
Chicago Nationals Defeat Los Angeles
After a Great Struggle.
FOURTEEX-LVXIXG GAME.
•Apprentice allowance.
tCoupIed in betting.
627S Inspector Munro fFox) *'"}l t 
(6314)Zenonian (Martin) J0»
6340 'Resigned (Macdonald) - ™
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selllnc:
tS03 'Quiz II (McCafferty) '03
6014 'Nullah (McKenzle) 100
6114 Rollick (Jones) 1£*
(GM2)*Galanthus (tToftey) JJ»
W15 Crlss Cross (Hayes) JJ>«
CSTiO Clausus (Ryan) *?•»
«027 Dundreary (J- C. Murray) 10*
(5S62)Coroner Kelley (Josephs) lua
tLos Aneclcs Index.
Fourth race— One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and up; handicap:
e°l>3 G. W. Trahern (Qulnlan) "» ¦
6331 Modicum (Fountain) »«]
0331 Leader (Jennings) *»•
0331 Elliott (Daly) »""
K257 tHoratlu.' (McAIester) 108
6331 tBombardier (Skinner) «. 90
(62S">) Keynote (Kyle) 100
Fifth race— Five and a half furlonga; four
year-olds and up: selling:
6330 Flaneur (McCafterty) ion
(»;-JTO)Handpres« (Magrane) l\£
(!20r. 'First Chip (Fitzgerald) .107
BM0 Kell Reed (Stanfteld) 104
6234 'Amasa (Rowley) 104
6105 *Slr Preston (Scharetg) 104
Sixth race — One mile; four-year-olds and up;
selling: ' .* . „_
«31» 'Su*- Johnson (Fitzgerald) 9"
reViS Outburst (McAIester) 10*
C1.V> Idogo (Rafour) 1 '*»
fi3:w 'Rene (I^masney Bros.) M
6319 Decoy (Miller) 105
\fi266 •ITUoa (Judge) 105
«a;« 'Myrtle H (Mrs. Hertzell) 9*
«342 Blackthorn (Kink) 10S
(ti319)Bllly Moore (Rector) 1<X>
MAGNATES HEAR
DILLON CASE
HOT SPRINGS. Ark., March 15.— Essex
Park results :
First race, six furlongs — Anzelger won, Feb
ruary Blue second. Back Number third. Time,
1:15.
Second race, one and' a sixteenth miles —
Caithness won. Cruachan second, Satin Coat
third. Time. 1:49.
Third race, two miles — Orellly won, Excen
tral second. Learoyd third. Time, 3:33.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs — Sylvia
Talbot won. Yo San second. Five Nations third.
Time. 1:08.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Marco won, Stub
second. Reducer third. Time, 1:15.
Sixth race, one mile — Lady Lavish won. La
Tolla second, Cohasset third. Time, l:41>i.
llacing at Hot Springs.
NEW ORLEANS, March 15. — Crescent City
results:
First race, six furlones— Tom Olney won,
Lora J second, Jim Ferrin third. Time,
1:15 4-5.
Second race, six and a half furlongs — Miladt
Love won. Neither One second. Reckoner
third. Time, 1:21 2-f..
Third race, six furlongs — Gus Heldorn won.
Yellow Hammer second, Algarette third. Time,
1:18 2-5.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth mllen — Lew
Dorscy won, Lurallghter second. Ethics third.
Time, 1:4S 2-.V
¦ FUth race, one jmlle— New .Mown Hay won,
Scotch Thistle second, Katie Powers third.
Time, 1:42.
Sixth race, one and three-sixteenth miles — ¦
Tancred won, John Coulter second, Santa
Teresa third. Time, 2:02 1-5.
Xcw Orleans Race Resnlts.
OAKLAND RACETBACK— TUESDAY. March 15.— Weather fine. Track muddy.
O33O. FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling: 4-7<?ar-olds and up; to first. >™5.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt'St. U. >4. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. I OP- _°^
(6338) Captivate. 6 (Blanchl & McG.) IDS 1 1 n 1 h 1 n 1 »j 11 J. Martin..^ "• J
6326 Maraschino, 5 (E. J. Smith).. ' 98 3.2 1^2 1^2 21^2 3 2 4 Trav«rs ... 1- *X
6291 Adirondack. 4 (Shannon) 107 '4 4 % 3 n 4 »i :: 1^3 \ Mountain - « I 1 *
6327 Con3tellator. a (Keating Co.). 105 2 3h 4h C^C 4 :'..l!uxtun .... « £•;
632S Idogo. 5 (C. McCafferty) 105 5 6 6 « 5 h 5 4 jC. Smith... 4 _*-5
61S2 Clausu*. 4 (T. H. Ryan) l(Ki\ B 5 »i 5 1 3 n 4 n « |J. T. Shehn 5-2 U-»
Time— :24&. :50%, 1:17},. 1:24^. At post 1 minute. Oft at 2:13. Captivate, place. 2;
show, l. Maraschino place, 4; show. 8-5 Adirondack, show. 4-5. Winner, ch. in. by
Captive-Fusillade's Last. Trained by O. A. Blanchl. Scratched — Galanthus. Start good.
Won hand-ridden. Balance driving hard. Winner had speed and was well ridden. Mar
aschino showed Improvement. Conatellator was sore. Idogo ran a cheap race. Clausua
showing. j~~j-,_<- .
BS51. SECOND RACE — Four furlongs; purse; maiden 2-year-old flllles; value to first. $323.
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt!St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
5955 JDel Carina (R. A. Smith) Ill2 7 2 *i 3 *i 1 n JLarsen 6 *
C183 ISaccharate (Napa Stock Farm) 112 3 5^:1) 24 iKnapp 4 9
6292 Mizpah (Summers.* Co.) 107 4 1 2^4 1^3 ti J. Martin.. » »
6111 Dixelle (A. T. Dobson) 109 6 6 2 5 8 4 4 )J T. Shehn « 7
G267 Mildred B <B. Schrelber) 112 5 4n 1 1 6 H iMountatn . 4 «
6267 Abba (Alhambra Stable) 112 1 7 2 7 2 6 n Travers ... 20 50
C267 Velna (G. Van Gordon) 112 8 8 8 8 4 7 1^ Bullman .. 2 9*
Ella Callahan (Humphreys).. 112 2 3^0^84 Bonner 1*> 20
Vel (G. Shaw) 112 0 9 0 0 ;C. King.... 20 73
Time — :25}i. :52. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:41 Del Carina place. 3; show. 8-5. f>«c
charate. place, 2; show 1. Mizpah. show, 8-5 Winner, ch. f. by Del Pa»o-Carina.
Trained by R. A. Smith. Scratched — Plrelia. Lady Nlnora. Start poor. Won In a hard
drive of four. Del Carina enjoyed excellent racing luck and was well handled. 8a<-
charate was bothered in the stretch by Mizpah swerving or he might have won. Dixell*
Is a slow beginner. Mildred quit. Velna had a aore mouth and Jumped up in the air
at the start.
6352. THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling: 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. Wt St. Y%. Vt. *i. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6342 Mr. Farnum. 4 (McCafferty).. 97 5 13 15 1 5 15 17 Bonner 6 13-2
6317 Mr. Dingle. 4 (E. Tierney)... 105 4 S h 4 1^3 2^2 «i 2 »i Mountain . 3 3
6317 The Fretter. a (F. O'Rourke) 107 6 4 «i 3 1^2 h 32 34 Buxton .... 4 T
6ol7 Fille d'Or. a (G. D. Kenyon) 99 2 8 I145 i-i 4 1^4 3 4 6 C. Smith... 2 2
6257 |RIo Shannon, a (Mrs. Coffey) 104 3 2 1V42 n B 4 B 1^5 1 J. Martin.. 13 SO
(CaOCVTheodora L. 4. (P. E. Smith). 102 7 5%7 62 62rtliJT Sheha 7 10
6317 [The Way. 5 (R. H. Clark).. |104 17 B «i 7 7 7 \f. Jones \ 15 80
Time— :25»4. :53. lrlSU. l:45»i. 1:59%. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:04. Farnum. place.
11-5; show, 1. Dingle, place, 9-10; show. 2-5. Fretter show 1. Winner, b g. by
Chevlot-Mlss Dance. Trained by C. McCafferty. Start good. Won In a galtop. Next
two driving. Just a gallop for the winner. Mr. Dingle did his best The Fritter
should have been' second. FI1U d'Or ran a very poor race under weak handling. Theo
dora L didn't run away to-day. The Way was worked over an additional mile.
«;.tr.:t. FOURTH RACE — One mile and 50 yards; selling; 3-year-olds and up: to first. $323.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. . >£. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
6333 Hainault. 5 (Thomas &. .R)..|lf2l 1 5 5 12 1 2^1 1 1 V/, Travers ... "-.* 3-2
0257 Horton, a (Blanchl & McG.).il07| 2 7 7 6 1 5 h 2 2 IJ. Martin.. 3 9-2
C291 Anirad. 3 (Mrs Coffey) | 97| 3 2h 3 1%2 1 2 3 3 2^ I Knapp 3 %
(U304)j David S. 6 (W. L. Stanfleld).!lO7| « 1 % S3 5 1«£4 h 4 4' jMountaln . « 10
CM* [Miss M. Bowdlsh. 3 (Basngm) 82! 5 « 4 6 3 7 3 n 5 4 ICrosswalte 3O 73
(C291) Hulford. 3 (H. Stover) 94 7 3n 2 »; 3 2 6 1H« 3 C Smith... 7-2 23-S
C307 iReeves. 4 (Lamasney Bros.).. 99| 4 4 l 1^ n 4 »i 7 7 Watson 6 12
Time— :25. :50>i, 1:17ft, l:46ii. 1:49ft; At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:30>4. Hainault,
place, 7-10; show. 1-3. Horton, place, 0-5; show, 3-. r >. Anirad. show 6-5 Winner,
br. jr. by St. Carlo-Llbbertiflibbet. Trained by J. Reavey. Scratched— Scherzo Th«
Bugaboo. Axminstcr. First Chip. Start good. Won hard ridden. Next two driving.
Winner best. Was crowded out of It on the first turn, but moved to th<» front without
difficulty. Horton closed well, but late, after some Interference. Too far for Anirad.
David S outclassed. Hulford quit early. Reeves weakly handled.
G35-*. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs: handicap; S-year-old and upward; value to first $400.
Indexl Horse and Owner. [WtlBt. %. ft. «i. Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. Cl.
(6318) Araho. 4 (W. B. Jennings) 110 5 ... 5 h 1 n 1 \ 1 2 iJ. Martin... 4~*7T2
• Ocean Dream. 4 iTwyman)... Ill 3 — 4 1%4 =4 3 2 2 2i4|Mountaln 7 «
631S Albula C (Lamasney Bros.).. JK> « ... 6 6 3 n 2 *£";: :»C(Ronner 3 IS-"
(tS24«»)iSad Sam. a CH. Green) 115 1 ... 12 2 1^4 1 4 2 C 'Sherwood .1 4 <t
0."»0 iMuresca. N (Mrs. Miller) f>3 4 ... 21 Bn52 Sn IKnapp ( IS ft
0318 Kenilworth. 6 ( H. Stover) .... 121 2 ....". h •; s n 4 >> <i I9ee I ;; ig.r,
6199 lEsherin. 4 (J. F. Schorr) 9o| • ... 7 7 7 7 |Reed j 20 30
•Los Angeles Index (6209). • "
Time— :24li. :43*i. 1"-1"- At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:50. Arabo. place, 2: show. 4-5. Oceaa
Dream place. 3; show. 3-2; Albula. show. 3-5. Winner, ch h. by Nomad-Charm
Trained by W. B. Jennings. Start good. Won easily. Next two driving har.J Kive
pounds additional cut no Ice with Arabo. Ocean Dream, in the poor-gninK part of th»>
way. ran a sweet race. Bonner picked some of the worst going for Albula or he might
have done better. Sad Sam quit the game early. Under magical handling Kenil
worth ran a wretched race.
O.*U>5. SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furionga; purse: 4-yfar-old 3 and up; to first. $.T.».
Indexl Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. ft. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. C!.
6133 'oronte. 4 (Piedmont Sta.) 106 t ... Sh 3 2^2 3 1 n [Otis 13.5 "viTn
6318 Daisy Green. 4 (Follansbee). . 108 2 ... 4 1 4 3«AS n 2n )j. Martin. _ 7 1-.-2
5411 Venator. 4 <H. E. Rowell).... Ill 4 ... 12 1 lftl n 3 *i iTravers ... S-5 13-10
6303 Olympian. 6 <J. F. Schorr) |11S B ... 2n2«445 45 |R<»»cl 5 *
6303 ISoothsayer, 4 (Lamasney) 111! 3 ... 5 5 6 5 |Bonner ...'. 5 7
Time— : 25. :52ft, 1:11U. At post lft minutes. Off at 4:25. Oronte. place. 7-10; »how ont~
Green, place. 5-2; show. 3-5. Venator, show. 1-4. Winner, br. h. by Omament-Judith
Trained by F McMahon. Start good. Won In a hard drive of thre*. Oronte was played
and Otis rode him to good advantage. Daisy Green would have won at a lTOgrr route
Venator looked around for an easy chair at the paddock. Reed lost a world of ground
In the stretch with Olympian. More Judiciously ridden, he could have won. Soothsayer
ran badly.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Rosebud,
111 (J. Lewis), 0 to 2, won; Eldred, "111 (Law
son), i5 to 5, second; Nona B, 111 (Boland), 9
to 1, third. Time, l:15Vi. Profitable, Skirmish
and Urbano also ran.
Third-race, six furlongs, selling— Chief Alo
ha, 105 (Felcht), Jt to 2, won; James J. Cor
bett, 111 (Phillips), S to 2. second; Chemist,
105 (Anderson). 15 to 1, third. Time, 1:16.
Innsbruck. Vandalo. Thoth, Frierliene. Rol
taire. Kef? Xogg, Margaret Rowe, Estado, Dug
Martin. Olivllo and Sherry also ran.
Fourth race.one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap — McGrathiana Prince, 96 (Jackson), 5 to
1. won; Wragg, 113 (J. Boland), 5 to 1, second;
Greenock, 103 (Prior), 12 to 1, third. Time,
1:41 Yt- Chub, Nitrate and Formaster also ran.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, selling —
Jingler, 103 (Anderson), S to 1, won; Major
Dixon. 09 (Lewis). 8 to 1. second; Admetus,
09 (Jackson). 4 to 1, third. Time, 2:10. In
victus. Autumn Time, Krne and Canejo also
ran.
Second race, four furlongs, purse — Peggy
Mine, 110 (Prior), 4 to 1, won; II Dottore, 103
(J. "Lewis), 8 to 1, second: Tim Hurst. 113 (Bo
land), . even. » third. Time, :49*i. De Gram
mont- and Klnlcado also ran.
First race, five furlongs, selling— Hindoo
Princess. 110 (J. Lewis). 4 to 1. won; Jack
Richelieu Jr., 112 (Henderson). S to'l. second;
Can Nell, 112 (Lawrence). 30 to 1. third. Time,
1:03. General Cronje. Nat Goodwin, Nell Hol
ton. Zem-Zem, Annie F, Paddy B, Uppercut,
Tioleta. Little Secret, Meteora, Prancer and
Hercules also ran.-
LOS ANGELES, March 15.— It was a
sad day for the talent at Ascot track
to-day, not a single favorite getting
home in front. The* books kept most of
the money handed them on the six
races. Hindoo Princess at 4 to 1;
Peggy Mine, 4 to 1; Chief Aloha, 4%;
McGrathiana Prince, 6; Jingler at S to
1, and Rosebud at 5 to 1. were the re
spective winners. McGrathiana Prince
won the best race on the card, a free
handicap at a mile and v a sixteenth.
Formaster was a redhot favorite at 7
to 6. Chub was second choice at 4 and
Bragg at 5. The Prince won all the
way. The others met with considerable
interference. "Weather good; track
fast.
SUMMARY.
Is Beaten by McGrathiana
Prince, Which Leads All
.the Way in Free Handicap
Second race — Futurity course; three-year
olds; selling:
<wT40 'Orpheum Push (Keating) .105
' 62l!> Cinnabar (R. A. Smith).:..'..'.; 107
K314 Moynard (Storn) .....107
(«27S)'Box Elder (Morant •.....'...' .'..102
«254 VHURhan.(Mr». Hcrtzell) 107
'»KU0 Htandard' <McAlcster) ....... ........105
' 0302 'Midway IMedmont Stable) ......... 1UU
First race — Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; Bellini?: ¦ -r " -.¦¦-
U326 Rey Hooker (F. Smith) 104
6320 'Orpheus (Coulter) .'..107
<S254 Dora I (Wellman) ....... lOfi
C327 "Argot ' (Rich) 10O
C320 Vlgoroso (Appleby & Co.) 107
«2»4 Young' Morello (Scharets) 110
«2C8 Past | Master (Green) 107
fi303 »Petrolla (McCarthy) :.. 97
C320 Educate (Chappell) ;. 103
C2Bfl 'Rustic Girl (Fitzgerald) 100
(320 St. Rica. (Murphy) ...112
tBO4 Tamm fMaxrane) ;llo
«TU1» 'Assessment (Meal) 102
€204 'Royal White (Fountain)' :.";1O2
Present indications point to a field of
six starting for the Thornton stakes
at four piiles, on Saturday. Mike Daly
has decided not to start Claude, but
will try to land the event with Sailor
Knot Instead. It is pretty early in the
year to ask a three-year old to go that
distance.
George Mountain, who rode with
marked success at Los Angeles, receiv
ed a warm greeting from the crowd
as he paraded past the stand on Adir
ondack. His saddle work created a
favorable impression. '
Frank Otis was another rider heartily
applauded by racegoers. Frank piloted
Oronte, winner of the last event, his
first mount since receiving the hard
fall while riding Optimo some weeks
ago.
Max Franks, who has been booking
at Los Angeles, was a spectator yes
terday. He may decide to , cut in
later on.
Clerk of the Course Sam McGibben
was back attending to his duties again
yesterday after a week's illness, caused
by ptomaine poisoning.
EXTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Frank Otis celebrated his return to
the saddle by reaching the wire first
on Oronte in the concluding' five and a
half furlong dash. The Piedmont
stable's sprinter ruled second choice
in the ring, and, ridden with excellent
judgment by Otis, downed the tardy
arriving Daisy Green a neck. Venator,
the favorite, led to the paddock, where
he tired, finishing in the show.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Solomon Bonner made no mistake
with Mr. Farnum, a 6U to 1 chance
for the mile and a furlong selling af
fair. Going *to the front right after
the start, the McCafferty horse won
In a common gallop, splashing in
seven open lengths in advance of
Mountain, astride Mr. Dingle. The
Fretter, under weak handling, gath
ered up show honors. C. Smith on
Fille d'Or, the favorite, made a botchy
job of it.
Hainault met with more success in
the mile and fifty yard number than
had crowned his previous two essays.
At one stage of the betting 6 to 5. the
brown gelding's price lengthened to
9 to 5. With Travefs in the saddle
he then went out and won all the way.
Horton gave a skeletonized imitation
of his old-time stretch run, finishing
second, two lengths before Anirad.
David S ran a fair fourth.
BOXXEIVS GOOD RIDE.
Bullman rode Velna in the two
year-old event and she was touted
from the Berkeley foothills to the
ocean beach as a cherry ripe one. At
post time 9 to 5 was the market price.
The filly has a sore mouth and when
Dick Dwyer released the barrier she
jumped in the air and was prominent
no part of the trip. Larsen handled
Bob Smith's Del Carina, an 8 to 1
chance, to excellent advantage, beat
ing "Big Bill" Knapp on Saccharate
a neck. Mizpah, which skipped away
in front and led into the stretch, took
the show.
Ocean Dream, a new-comer from Los
Angeles, did not win the six-furlong
handicap at Oakland yesterday, but
she was knocking at the door. Arabo,
from the Jennings stable, picked up
110 pounds, an increase of six pounds
over what, he carried last Friday, and,
well ridden by^Tack Martin, ran home
two lengths ahead of the Southern Cal
ifornia mare.
Sad Sam started out to- make the
running, and as sloppy going Is his
long suit, the '"it's all over" people
became somewhat noisy. But the stay
in front of the "Jungle demon" was
as abrupt as the visit of a fashionable
physician, and he finished fourth.
Probably the bulk of the educated
money found the way into the books
on Albula, which at one time ruled
favorite, though eventually closing
equal choice with Kenilworth. Bonner
rode an indiscreet v race, and the
Lamasney sprinter ran third, beaten
more than «two lengths for the place by
Ocean Dream.
Willie See jumped Into the wheel
house on Kenilworth without any chart
and, . striking a submarine mine, was
blown out of the running before hardly
in action. The winner was only spar
ingly supported.
OXE W1XXIXG CHOICE. '
There is no telling how much wealth
a person parlaying $20 on the six win
ners would be possessed of. He could
snub Pierpont Morgan, play brace faro
bank for ten years and still have
enough to keep his poor relations fig
uring out how many birthdays he
passed through.
Hainault was the only successful
public choice, Captivate, Del Carina,
Mr. Farnum, Arabo and Oronte all go
ing through deliciously fresh quota
tions.
Apparently the race the day preced
ing of Captivate did not impress spec-,
ulators greatly, for in the betting on
the opening event the mare's odds re
ceded from 3 to 7 to 1. Jack Martin
got her away in the lead and, holding
Maraschino safe, won cleverly by a
length. Mountain, on Adirondack, fin
ished third. Clausus, the entry of Tom
Ryan, was backed from 2% down to
7 to 5 favoritism, and after a catch-as
catch-can ride brought up in last posi
tion.
FOB-MASTER A LOSEE
Venator, the Crack
Maiden, Runs a
Close Third. \
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Not a Single Favorite Catches
the Eyes of the Judges
at the Ascot Park Meeting
BOOKIES KEEP
BETTORS' COIN
ARABO DISPOSES OF OCEAN DREAM
AND OTHER SMART ONES IN HANDICAP
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE PRIZERING AND HANDBALL COURTS
HANDBALL ENTHUSIASTS OBSERVE
CHAMPION EGAN IN PRACTICE GAME
BRITT CHANCES
BOXING STYLE
Famous Player Who Is Matched With James
Fitzgerald at the Olympic Club Creates
a FaVorable Impression on Spectators
]>evotes Much of His Time
to the Practice of Hit
ting With His Bight Hand
COBBETT'S INNOVATION
3 ii Order to Keep Idle Loung
ers Out of His Gymnasium
lie Charges Admission Fee
be completed on the following Sunday,
a sufficient number of games being
played to determine the winner.
Al Hampton, who has charge of the
tickets for the affair, reports that but
few remain unsold. He will be at the
Olympic Club each morning this week
between 11 and 12 o'clock, where he
may be consulted regarding seats. As
only 150 spectators can be accommo
dated, it is expected many who wish
to witness the great match will be
disappointed. The match is not limit
ed to members of the Olympic Club.
Egan is accompanied by Alderman
James Dunn of Brooklyn and by Ed
ward Moran and Thomas J. Murphy.
Mr. Dunn is an old favorite on this
coast, having accompanied the veteran
Phil Casey here on several occasions.
While Mr. Casey, who is ill at his
Brooklyn home, will be missed, the
gentlemen now here are sure to fill his
place in the hearts of the sportsmen
with whom they are brought in con
tact. /
Michael Egan. who is to play James
Fitzgerald for the handball champion
ship of the world in- the Olympic Ath
letic Club court next Sunday, made his
first appearance here yesterday in a
practice game.
He visited the scene . of .the forth
coming struggle and his, every move
ment was watched - by an interested
group of handball enthusiasts. He
played in a four-handed game, but ap
parently took matters easv in order to
become familiar with the court. The
game resulted:
Michael J:»;an and J. Collins 16 21 lfl
James Dunn and Al. Hampton _1 14 ill
Egan, who has powerful arm and
shoulder muscle?, has an easy style
that is deceptive. It requires no ef
fort on his part to make the most diffi
cult plays.
The championship match will con
sist of the best eight out of fifteen
games. Seven of these games will be
played on Sunday and the match will
POLOISTS ARE READY
FOR INTERNATIONAL MATCH
Rurlingame and Ilurlingham Teams
Will Play To-Day at Barlingame.
Pony Races, To-Morro\v.
The annual international polo
match under the auspices of the Cal
ifornia Polo and Pony Racing Asso
ciation will be played this afternoon
at Burllngame. The teams . will line
up:
Burlinsrame. Hurllntham.
R. M. Tobln. <, Charts Garland.
W. S. Hobart. F. J. Mackey. \
C. Raoul-Duval. Captain Chaplin.
John Lawson. Captain Xcil-Ilait.
The races of the association will be
held at Tanforan track to-morrow
and Saturday, rain or shine. Thomas
H. Williams will be the .presiding
judge. The stewards, will be.Thomas
A. Driscoll,' Charles Butters, F. J.
Mackey and Peter D. 'Martin. .
C. Raoul-Duval will sport silk in
the races. He made quite a. reputa
tion In England and in France in gen
tlemen's races. • '^ v
There are seven races on the card
for to-morrow, the first starting at
2:16. There will be a special race
train on the Southern Pacific and spe
cial cars on the San Mateo electric
road. A band of music will enliven
the proceedings.. The track will be
fast if no more rain falls. . 7 c
VCbeji Jimmy Britt finished boxing
•with his trial horse, Frank Rafael, at
his training quarters In AJameda yes
terday afternoon the .fighter who
achieved fistic fame in the first rush
for the Klondike as the "Kid of the
Yukon." said that Jimmy had landed
more right -baxd blows on him than In
«ny f.oxe bout the two have had since
Britt settled down to work at Croll's
gardens.
There has been an impression among
many who have observed Britt In bis
prelimicsry boxing that his right band
was not as it ?hould be and that the
little fighter used it gingerly. When he
eliminated boxing to a great extent
fiom his daily programme during the
past week some of the critics surmised
that Britt's knuckles were not with
standing the beating he was Inflicting
upon their and ttai he was compelled,
ms a precautionary mearure. to give bis
hands a rest.
In his siove work yesterday Jimmy
had his right constantly in action and
vas rr^eaiedly instructed by Spider
Kelly in the delivery of new blows with
that arm. Britt asserts that his right
«nn does not trouble him in the least
and that he has no fear that it will
become disabled in his next battle.
Britl weighed about 135 pounds yes
terday. He finds it easy to take off
••evpraJ poucflp in a run on the road- so
he Is not ¦worryins about making 130
poncd?.
Young: Corbett surprised the intend
ing spectator? at his quarters yester
day by clearing out the gymnasium.
33*> then exacted 25 cents from all who
TViinted to see him train. The little
< hamrion explained that he had been
bothered by people who fell asleep on
the benches and wanted to shut out
those who made a lounging place of his
training camp.
After skipping the rope a fewhun
dr«»d times, punching the bag and the
big swinging dummy Corbett took on
Monte Auel for three rounds. AJtel
fought nurd and the champion made
no apparent oflfort to ward off the
punishment, but seemingly had the
same relish for face wallops that an
epicure has for a twelve-minute duck.
The three round? were fart and the
(TOTd cheered Attel at the conclusion
«'f the bout.
The next bout was with Bobbie
Johnson. Johnson was as quick as a
Ftreak of lightning and won the ad
miration of the crowd. As before,
Corbett would cover his face and let
th*» speedy little boxer rush him from
one sidff of the ring to the other. The
ihampion joshed Johnson during the
throo rounds and at the conclusion
ask^d him to come «*very day.
Eddie Graney arrived at,Sheehan's
while the champion was skipping the
rope. CJraney started something with
the punching bag and Corbett jokingly
threatened to have him thrown out
unless he "came through" with 25
cents.
While Corbett will not let his weight
lx? known, it is easy to see he is rapid
ly rounding into perfect condition and
that he is not far above the weight
limit. Kid Hermann, who will chal
lenge the winner of the Corbett-Britt
CO. was among the spectators yester
day at Sheehan's.
Thinks His Old Time Conqueror Will
1 Defeat Jimmv Rritt.
MrGOVERX FAVORS OORBETT.
NEWARK. N. J.. March 15.— "Young
Oirbett will beat Jimmy Britt in their
fi^ht next week." said Terry McGovern
to-day. 'Rounds? Well, that would
be merely guesswork, and I don't want
to go on record for that. Britt is a
great little fighter, as is Corbett. and
¦w ho can state reliably whether the
bout will last one or twenty rounds?
There are three reasons why I believe
<V>rbett will win, but at the same time
the fight appears so even that should
any one venture to offer 2 to 1 on either
man, be it Corbett or Britt, I will take
the short end with $2500.
••Britt will have to give away sev
eral pounds to get down to the weight.
l"0 pounds, and that, I believe, will
•weaken him in a way that will count
much in Corbett's favor. Then, again,
Corbctt has a punch, while Britt is
not noted for scoring knockouts. Cor
bctt also has a method which does
more toward beating a man, or lead
ing to that, than any of the Denver
boy's famous hooks and uppercuts.
That method is abusing his opponent
with taunting remarks, which gener
ally riles his opponent to the boiling
point. In his anger he makes a mad
rush, gets off his guard. leaves an
opening and Corbett plants his knock
out. Britt, I know, is a hot-headed
fellow, and when once driven to mad
ness will either pummel his opponent
to a pulp in his attacks or he will tem
porarily lose his science and meet the
fame fate as others. Corbett, being as
cool as a cucumber at all stages, the
result will probably be in his favor."
Potomac Leap Year Party.
Potomac Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas, Improved Order of Red
Men, will give an entertainment and
Joap year dance in its hall in the Post
street wigwam to-night. There is to
he a pleasing programme of vaude
ville numbers, after which there will
be dancing under leap year rules.
Uncle's Men Defeat Collegians.
BERKELEY, March 15. — The San
Francisco ball tossers of- the Pacific
Coast League came to Berkeley to-day
and gave battle to the varsity team at
the University of California. The field
was sloppy and the college boys a lit
tle nervous, but they gave their op
ponents a tustle. After it was all over
the score loomed up 5 to 2, with San
Francisco on the long end: ..'¦
HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETES
IX ANNUAL HELD DAY
Six Institutions Will Be, Represented
by Tlieir Cleverest Performers
on Berkeley Oval.
Weather conditions having settled
the young athletes of the San Francisco
Athletic League will hold their post
poned field day next Saturday at Berke
ley oval. A large attendance is expect
ed, as the high school boys always put
up exciting contests. Six schools will
be represented— Cogswell, Wilmerdlng,
Polytechnic, Lick, Mission and Lowell.
The entries: ....
Fifty-yard dash— L. II. S.. Sullivan and
Schwartz; W. S. M. A.. Klnsello; M. H. S.,
A: ken; c „ ii. A Cooe and Delaney.
Two-mile run— L. H. S., Maundrell and
Mever; C. E. M A., Oibson.
Elzhl hundred and cijrhty yard— C., Kant;
L. H. S.. De Mamtel and Lewis; C. S. M. A..
"DoU»on anl Champreaux; W. S. M. -A., Hil
liard and Willlson; M. II. S.. Pemhcrton
One hundred yard— L. H. S.. S?tuva.rtz; . W.
S. M. A.. Btantbn: C. 8. M.'-A.. Cope; M. JI.
S.. Aiken; P. U. S. t Dowdell.
One hundred and twenty yard hurtles— L.
H. ».. Montea«le and Kohlberr; C., Kant; C.
S. M. A.. G. lelur. - ....
Four hundred and forty yard — C. S. M. A.,
Jrne« and Johns; M. H. S.. Slegl*.; P.' H. £..
Smith; W. S. M. A.. Hilllard and WllllBOn;
L. H. S-. Abbott ani Schvrettier.
Twc hundred and twenty yard hurdle* — First
heat: Walton (W. S. M. A.). Montea?le ;1*.
II. F.); second hfat: Golcher (C. S. M. A.),
Bonner iU II. S.), Kohlberg (L. H.8.)
Two hundred and twenty yard dash — First
heat: Dowdell (P. H. S.). Grunsky tU II.
S.): second heat: Wiley (L. H. S.). Black (C.
S M. A.): third heat: Beck(C. S. M. A.),
Slecle (M. H. 9.), Stanton. (W. S. M. A.)
Mile run— L. H. S.. Maundrell, De Mamtel
aivl Meyer: C. S. M. A.. (.7>-nipreaux. -7Jtntt;n
and Gibson: "W. S. M. A.. Barkeley and Hie
denreicht; P. H. S., Smith.
Mile relay— Entries: L. H. S. t C. S. 11. A.,
ar.d W. B. M. A.
Pol* vault — C. S. M. A.. Hotehlilsa - an>l
Moullen: L. H. S.. Leib; P. H. . S., Moyer;
W. M. S. A., Haser.
Broad Jump— iL II. R.. Sobcy: TV. M. S. A.,,
Gould: C. ¦ S. M. . A.. Johni, • Anderson and
Mccerstadt; L. H. S., Monteagle,. Bonner and
Vllas.
Shot o<it— C.. Kant; C. S. M. A.. MajfT-
Fta<)t r-nd Moullen: M. H. S.. Aiken: L. H. S.,
Vilan and Schwartz; P. H. S., .Bonlfleld.
High jump— M. H. S., Pemberton: L. H. S.,
Grunsky; C. S. M. A.. Ma&erntadt, Golcher
and Anderson; W. R. M. A., Gould.
Twelve-pound hammer throw — L. H. S.,
Vilas and Leib: C. 8. M. A.. Moullen. Hotch
kiss and Tflaek:' W. S. M. A., Harl;n<>ss and
Egenhcff. 7 k * i «- .._; .--*• '¦
Mobile Race on Isle of Man.
LONDON. March 15. — A bill per
mitting the holding of automobile
races for the James Gordon Bennett
cup on the Isle- of Man, but' which
eliminates^the trial races for the selec
tion of members of the English team,
passed both branches of ' the „ Man
Legislature to-day. . -
Ponv Races at Tanforan.
Ftain or shine, the ponies -will race at Tan
foran Thursday, Mar/h 1", and Saturday,
March 19. Go to these great race* on eppclal
train Icavlne Third. and Tmvnsend " streets at
1:110 i). m. on both days. Sp**clal round trip
tickets, 40 cents. A*k Southern Pacific agents.*
Will Filed at Late Date.
The will of Herman Levison;**who*
died in October. 189.6; 'was filed for
probate yesterday^ ""It leaves his large
?estate to his widow, Henrietta Levi
son, and three children. The widow
is to get half of .his estate and -the
three children" the other half in equal
chares.
.¦-¦ -f -¦¦-• -'-¦"¦¦-'¦¦'¦"¦-¦¦*'-¦¦'¦¦¦- -. - ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦¦¦.--: ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1(5, 1004.
10The drill team of Progress Lodge of
the Fraternal Brotherhood will ap
pear in its new and tasty uniform, re
cently purchased, in the assembly hall
of the Red Men's buildlns to-night,
when there will be a ball given under
its auspices.
Progress Drill Team.
George Spring wore a flowing neck
tie of bright emerald hue when he was
Louise Zelel, a middle aged and much
bedraggled blonde, was called up to be
sentenced for drunkenness by Judge
Mogan, but that duty was postponed
until the court ascertains what is be
ing done for her two young children.
The woman was helplessly intoxi
cated last Sunday at her home, 12 De
hon street, and when questioned by
the Judge she said her husband prob
ably had taken charge of her children,
but she was rot sure what had become
of them.
The Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children will investigate the
case.
James Maloney. accused of hauling
a diseased beef liver to market, was
discharged by Judge Mogan because
the prosecution could not prove that
the liver in question was actually of
fered for sale.
duel in the darkness with the 'defend
ant and had hammered his head with
a rock because he had no ether weapon
with which to perform that function,
having inadvertently and indiscreetly
allowed himself to go on duty unac
companied by a six-shooter. Hensen
was found guilty and will be sentenced
to-day.
Norah flattery, aged and slovenly,
Is alleged to make a larcenous spe
cialty of pilfering bedclothing from
lodging-houses. She spent last Sunday
night in a room -which she had rented
{rom 2>Its. C. Davis, at 149 Fourth
street, and when Mrs. Davis met her
transient guest Monday morning she
was both surprised and grieved to see
one of her quilts dangling like a toga
from the lady's shoulders. Judge Ca
banlss will sentence Norah Slattery for
petty larceny.
"Why," exclaimed the court, "I
thought you were a son of Erin. But
never mind. See to It that you wear
that necktie next Thursday."
"I bromise-you dot id vill be vorn,"
was George's parting pledge.
called up for sentence, he having been
found guilty of assault, and when
Judge Mogan looked at the green neck
wear he considerately^ deferred pre
scribing George's punishment -until next
month.
"Because," he explained, "it would
be a pity to ha^e a necktie such as
that retired from circulation next
Thursday, which is St. Patrick's day.
Come back here a month from to-day,
George, and I'll see that you get what
your conduct during the interim en
titles you to."
"Shoodge, I'm gradevul to you," said
Mr. Spring.
The different events include a 100
yard dash. 440-yard run, 1-mile race,
1-mile relay race — four men; running
hop, step and leap; running broad
jump, throwing 12-pound weight, 42
pound weight off shoulder and slinginsr
56-pound weight. In addition to these
there wll! be Gaelic dancing on a spe
cially constructed platform, and
In the afternoon at the Presidio ath
letic grounds, one of the great events
will be the hurling match between the
Emmets and the Independents. As
these two teams are considered among
the best players in the United States,
those in attendance may expect a
game that will prove of interest from
start to finish. The universities, col
leges and schools having athletes have
entered them for the valuable cup of
fered by Michael Casey for a relay
race. All the athletic events have
many entries, and as many of the
athletes are now In condition for tests
of speed and strength, one of the
largest field days ever held on the Pa
cific Coast will be the result. Every
amateur desiring .to compete may do
so by presenting a Pacific Athletic
Association card to the field clerk on
the grounds.
The exercises for the evening include
an overture of Irish airs by Allen's
concert band, an address by T*I Seary.
vocal solo by Richard Manlloyd,
sleigh-bell solo by Miss Nettle Waters,
vocal solos by E. D. O'Sullivan and
Bert Murphy and' an exhibition drill by
Company D, L. C. C, to be followed by
a ball.
The arrangements made by the St.
Patrick's day convention for the cele
bration of the day of Erin's patron
saint have aroused great enthusiasm
among the Irish people of this city, and
the committee having the affair in
charge is sparing no time or trouble
to accommodate the vast throngs that
are expected to attend the field day at
the Pre3idlo athletic grounds In . the
afternoon, and the literary exercises
and hall at the Mechanics' Pavilion in
the evening.
The affair this year will take on the
features of a great national celebra«
tion. as the stirring events throughout
the world have, in the opinion of the
Irish people, had a direct bearing in
favor of their much-cherished hopes
for Ireland, and so it is that Mechanics'
Pavilion is expected to be filled with
a great number of patriotic Irishmen.
A petition was filed by interested
property owners with the Board of
Supervisors yesterday requesting that
provision be made in the next budget
to purchase the right of way extend
ing from Twenty-first to Twenty
fourth avenue for a sewer. The City
Engineer has recommended that the
improvement be carried out.
J. *>ose#iberg and W. ./. Allen, rep
resenting* the Point Lobos, Richmond
and Oceanslde' Ii. jrovement clubs,
urged the board to recommend the re
paving with bituminous rock of H
street from First to Twenty-second
avenues. It was represented that there
was no paved thoroughfare leading to
the ocean, and that H street should be
improved to afford necessary relief.
The city "will have to bear one-half of
the expense, as Golden Gate Park runs
along the thoroughfare. namfd. .
The boardfS promised, to co-operate
with the improvement" 'clubs. .It" being
stated that the Engineer had in
cluded in his recommendations for
street work that H street be improved
from Stanyan to the ocean at a total
cost of approximately $00,000.
D. Dederky called attention to the
bad condition - of Fell street' from
Franklin to Van Ness avenue, due to
the street car rails having been taken
up. O. C. Pratt told of a choked-up
sewer at Walnut and Franklin streets,
and that the electric lUht at that cor
ner was never lighted. The board di
rected its inspectors to investigate the
complaints.
To-morrow morning the board will
hear the various Improvement clubs re
garding their desires for Improvements.
Right of Way for Sewer.
The proposed project found a stanch
champion in Park Commissioner Frank
J. Sullivan, who said that the plan
should be extended so as to take in
Dolores street from Market to Eight
eenth, a distance of four blocks. Instead
of only tw^ blocks as originally con
templated. This would connect the
"parked" street with the new public
square designed to be constructed
under the bond issue.
The Board of Public Works expressed
itself in favor of the project, which it
thought would cost about $10,000. Be
fore recommending it to the Board of
Supervisors, however, a condition was
Imposed that the signatures of the
property owners along the four blocks
described be secured in order to avoid
the possibility of a subsequent protest
against the improvement. It was stat
ed that all the property owners favored
the plan and it will low be a matter
only of procuring their formal written
agreement to that effect.
The Board of Public Works held a
special meeting yesterday for the pur
pose of hearing petitions .from taxpay
ers for various improvements, provision
for which may be made in the next mu
nicipal budget. The board desired to
ascertain the preferences of property
owners in that regard In order that the
necessary recommendations can be
made to the Board of Supervisors in
fixing the appropriations.
The California Outdoor Art League,
through Mrs. G laser and Mrs. Wagner,
addressed the board in behalf of Its pe
tition to park Dolores street from Fif
teenth to Seventeenth. The ladies
named argued In favor of beautifying
some of the boulevards of this city, and
thought a beginning should be made on
Dolores street on account of Its histori
cal connection with the old missions.
Michael Davitt, the great Irish
leader, is expected to deliver an ad
dress in the Pavilion In the evening,
and this in itself will be a rare treat to
those interested In Irish affairs.
twenty-five Irish pipers will also ap
pear and play the music that delights
the sons and daughters of the "old
sod."
The Board of Election Commission
ers continued its policy of evading the
civil , service provisions of the charter
by putting ten clerks to work yester
day, seven of whom are not on the
civil service eligible list. The other
three are on the list and were appoint
ed after due certification was made by
the Civil Service Commission to the
Election Commission. A similar eva
sion was recently carried out when
twenty "warehouse men" were em
ployed to the exclusion of the register
ed laborers on the list of the Civil Ser
vice Commission.
The three civil service men appoint
ed yesterday are E. R. Faucompre, F.
E. Preble and W. W. Bausmann. The
seven that were not certified by the
Civil Service Commission, but were ap
pointed merely for political reasons,
are W. W. Jackson, D. C. R. McCarthyr
B. E. Ullner, W. G. Bright, L. F. Cull,
C. W. Merritt and J. L. Hart. They
are all employed In registering voters
for the next election.
It has always been the custom of the
former Election Commission to appoint
the men from the list of civil service
ordinary clerks after requisition had
"been made on the Civil Service Com
mission. The present Election Com
mission saw an opportunity to -evade
the civil service law and instead of
making requisition for ordinary clerks
sent a communlcatlbn to the Civil Ser
vice Commission asking that three dep
uty registrars be certified for appoint
ment.
There are five such eligibles on the
list and, three of them— Faucompre,
Preble and Bausmann — were appointed.
Another eligible waived certification
and the fifth one for some reason was
not selected. Then to fill up the list
of the ten men to be appointed, seven
that had passed no civil service exam
ination were pressed Into service to
the exclusion of the eligibles that have
hitherto performed the work.
Address and Musical Feat
ures Will Be Rendered in
the Evening at Pavilion
Request the Bitiiniinizing
of Road Leading to Ocean
and Other Improvements
Makes Bequisition for Three
Deputy. Registrars Instead
of Clerks as Formerly
DEPARTS FROM CUSTOM
It was a thrilling recital, but the de
fendant did not seem to be vividly im
pressed by it. Treadwell stated that
he had missed a number of books and
was satisfied to have Smith's punish
ment confined to exposure of his dis
honesty. Smith said he had been em
ployed by Treadv.-ell to bring clients
to him and cited one instance where
he had been paid S3 for supplying
Tread wo II with a customer.
Like unto the front row of a Weber
field "Fhow girl" chorus was the line
<t femininity that sat in Mogan's court
and eagerly awaited opportunity to tes
tify Uj the irreproachable character
borne by Violet Carter, accused of hav
ing robbed a gentleman caller at the
Washington-street saloon in which she
vtm one of the attractions. There were
half a dozen of the defendant's "lady
friends." Fitting side by sicle. and the
color Fchemp of their complexions and
costumery rivaled in varied brilliance
•a florist's stock in trade in June. Its
radiance compelled Ballirr Hickey to
fcek optical relief by gazing at the
sunbeams dancing upon the attorneys'
table, and even the inmatps of the pris
oners' cage ehaded their eyes with their
hats. But the bevy had its wait for
nothing. When the prosecution had
concluded its testimony the court con
tinued the case till to-day, and while
instructing the ladies for the defense
accused Smith of theft; that Smith
denied guilt; that Treadwell tapped
his (Smith's) vest and proceeded to
search him; that Smith yielded up the
book.
"Legislative"' Ed Smith, bo called
because of the fact that he has been
a clerical servitor of every California
lawmakirig body lhat has assembled
since th* oldest inhabitant of Sacra
mento was a juvenile, appeared before
Judge Cubaniss on a charge of petty
larceny, he having, it was alleged, pil
fered a book froni the law library of
Attorney Tread well.
The case was dismissed because At
torney Treadwell refused to file a
formal complaint, but the evidence
went to show that a young woman
employed in that gentleman's office
had been instructed to keep an eye on
Smith, whose honesty was doubted;
that the young woman did so; that
fche saw Smith nick up a record of
the last Legislature and slip it under
his vest; that she immediately in
formed her employer; that he at once
morning s=he was released from prison,
where she had served a term for
drunkenness and that ere the day had
expired she had accumulated a full
cargo of mixed stimulants. »
As she was led away to serve an
other twenty-four hours Bailiff Hiekey
pazed steadily at the ceiling; and Clerk
Cray's eyes were riveted upon his
desk.
betrays complete knowledge of the
subject. Miss Jones hesitated a mo
ment and then falteringly said she
came from Lodi. To the succeeding
volley of interrogations she made no
evasive reply and when the inquisition
was concluded she had confessed a
hopeless penchant for over-indulgence
in ardent spirit?, and that Sunday
"What part of the Interior did you
tome from?" was his first query, de
livered in that indefinable tone that
The Judge said nothing, but eyed
the defendant long and searchingly
and then continued the case twenty
four hours, his obvious'-object being to
ascertain her exact social status. So
ty hen she reappeared before him yes
terday he evidently was better pre
pard to cope with her air of haughty
reserve.
When the young woman was ar
raj£rr.ed last Monday on a charge of
vagrancy her genteel appearance and
demeanor made a marked impression
upon all experienced observers. Bail
iff Hlckey, who has studied human na
ture on two continents, believing she
was ar. aristocrat in hard luck, and
Clerk Gray, who has attained some
fame as a shrewd analyst of feminine
character, offered odds that she would
turn out to be a highly accomplished
adventuress of the conventional dime
r.ovel species. She looked either of
those parts. Her features were clear
cut, her complexion was healthy, her
attire neither garishly "loud" nor
Quakerishly modest, her deportment
dignified. And curiosity as to her
identity was whetted by her firm but
courteous refusal to enlighten the
court as to how she happened to be
Intoxicated, penniless and aimlessly
wandering in Chinatown last Sunday
night.
"She must have been drugged,
robbed and set adrift by some con
scienceless scoundrel, to whose keep
ing she intrusted her honor — her very
life," whispered the bailiff to the clerk.
"Or she was working some rich guy
and miscalculated her own capacity
for booze," ventured the clerk.
Persistent questioning from the
bench tore away the fabric of romantic
mystery that had been woven around
Mary Jones by imaginative attaches of
Mogan's court and then she stood re
vealed as a very ordinary mlsdemean-
During the trial of H. P. Hensen.
charged with having robbed a telephone
box in the Fairmont Hotel building
on Nob Hill, it incidentally developed
that Special Policeman Loraine had a
Jason Jackson disapeared from the
Harbor Hospital, where his wounds
were dressed, and since last Monday
he has been tracked by Policeman Joy.
That tireless sleuth followed the trail
to the San Bruno road, where it ceased
and baffled all his efforts to recover it.
Even bloodhounds, he believed, might
be unable to pick it up, aa the San
Bruno is a much-traveled highway and
colored folk are by no means compara
tively rare among those that pass
over It.
"Well. I'll give you another day at
ft," said the court, "and if you fail to
produce Jason Jackson, here to-morrow
I'm afraid your case against this de
fendant will be shaky."
Joy returned to the hunt.
- » • •
Police Officer Joy reported progress
in hi3 nuest for Jason Jackson, a col
ored man that was badly beaten by
several soldiers In a Barbary Coast re
sort last Sunday night, and upon^vhose
appearance and testimony in Mogan's
court are dependent the immediate fu
ture movements of Private J. W. Col
gren. held, on suspicion of having been
one of the assailants.
James Farrell, youthful, good looking
and stylishly appareled, was found
guilty of vagrancy and carrying a con
cealed weapon by Judge Mogan and
also received a rather scathing lecture
from the bench. Police Officer Connel
ly found Farreil standing at the cloeed
door of an apartment in a lodging
house at 18 Mason street and breathing
vengeance against a man and a woman
that were inside the room. A search
of Farrell rewarded the officer to the
extent of a big and sharp dagger.
Then the Judge asked the prisoner
what he did for a livelihood, and the
answers led to only one logical Infer
ence — that he subsisted on the bounty
of the scarlet woman ' whose life
he had threatened. He had not been
employed anywhere for five months
preceding his arrest, yet he was well
nourished and attired.
"You and your like would better be
at the bottom of the bay than circulat
ing among: decent people," said the
Judge, "and when you come up here to
morrow for sentence I will endeavor to
rid society of your presence for as long
a term as the law prescribes for your
double offense."
George Smith, whom Policeman Nel
son pronounced the most industrious
and irrepressible street beggar on the
Pacific Coast and entitled to champion
ship distinction in that line, was given
three months by Judge Mogan. Nel
son, to satisfy his curiosity, followed
Smith and within a period of three
minutes and a distance of less than one
block saw him accost and receive alms
from three individuals. »
the chalk and water"Variety," said the
doctor, "and then I swore to a com
plaint against the man who served it
to my family for consumption."
"And by so doing you proved yourself
a good citizen," was the court's com
mendatory comment.
Gillette wanted to have his case dis
posed of right then and there, but his
employer arose amid the chair-warm
ers and announced his desire to be rep
resented by the counsel. So the matter
went over tilt to-day.
Dr. Mace of 406 Sutter street had Fred
Gillette, a driver for the Standard
Dairy, before Judge Mogan on a charge
erf distributing adulterated milk. The
complainant testified that for some time
he had entertained misgivings as to
the purity of the lacteal fluid served
to him daily by the defendant, and
the other morning he took some of it
to the Health Office and had it an
alyzed and his suspicion confirmed.
"The scientists pronounced It milk of
Noble K. Williams, who was arrested
for breaking open a clothes locker in
St. Ignatius Church gymnasium, will
be tried to-day in Judge Conlan's court.
The arrest was made by Policeman C.
J. Carroll.
Francis H. Coy of 736» Fourteenth
street stoutly maintained that one of
his prerogatives as a husband is to ad
minister corporal punishment to his
wife when, In his opinion, she is de
serving of chastisement, but Judge
Conlan took a directly opposite view
of the question and held Mr. Coy for
battery.
Mrs. Coy testified that Mr. Coy had
been in the habit of beating her, and
during their four years of marital in
felicity she never doubted his right to
do so until she became acquainted with
a member of the legal profession who
explained her rights in the matter.
While in possession of this enlighten
ment she declined to accompany Mr.
Coy to a downtown dinner and inciden
tally informed him that if he laid as
much as one punitive finger upon her
she would Invoke the law. "So you
have been talking to some du.'ned
shyster, have you?" said Mr. Coy, when
sufficiently recovered from the aston
ishment Into which he was plunged by
the wife's revolt. Then he adminis
tered a few blows to her head and
locked her up in their common sleep
ing apartment until she promised to
"be good."
Mr. Coy will be sentenced to-day, and
Mrs. Coy has announced her intention
to pro-cure a divorce.
Stealing: a loaf of _bread from a
Franklin-street doorstep was the charge
against Gustave Heitman in Judge
Conlan's court, and visions of a des
perate husband and father pilfering
food for a starving wife and babies
were rapidly fleeting through the Judi
cial mind, when the fact developed that
Gustave was an old offender at that
sort of game and that his sanity was
doubtful. His case was continued till
to-mprrow. .
to be sure and call again he studiously
avoided looking in their direction. A*s
they swept away there accompanied
them a mingled perfume of violets and
new mown hay that for the nonce had
supplanted the usual courtroom odor
of stale beer and damp umbrellas.
DAY AND NIGHT AFFAIR-
TAXPAYERS AEE HEARD
Works Board Favors Plan
of Outdoor League for a
* Park on" Dolores Street
Be Held to Honor Natal
Day of Ireland's Saint
Monster Celebration Will
Election Board Employs
Men That Do Not Appear
on the List of Eligibles
Poiice Judge Mogan Ruthlessly Shatters Ideas
Which Court Attaches Had Formed as
to Character and Life of Mary Jones
LARGE CROWDS
ARE EXPECTED
MAY BEAUTIFY
THOROUGHFARE
STILL EVADES
CIVIL SERVICE
FABRIC OF ROMANTIC MYSTERY
TORN FROM IDENTITY OF WOMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,/ WEDNESDAY. MARCH 16, 1901
11
ADVEETISEMZNTS.
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Ringuorm, Itch,
Acne, or other skin troubles,
proraptJy relievedand cured by
This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cares by kiHing:
¦ disease germs. Used aad
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not x
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
- vnvv/ValssihI»B««klrteatks>
WKMK \tnmtmtmt mt <U««s«m.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PH.LS. ¦__-____ : '
o«ee99O©oooo??©o«Q©©GC«eew>s©oo©0O©©o©eG©«©«ddwOS©oo«e©»o«»©©9c©©©oo9©o
1% TWO hi :^ tt
gg DANGER SIGNAL NO.' i— Comes from the kidney secretions. — "JJkSlL §a
qq The experienced physician knows at once the kidneys are sick when JgfiHreSjk .j^^^fc^ So
OO he examines the urine. You can tell for yourself. Urine * that is fflSSfiSafffim. J^^K^g 9e
qq pale and foamy — that is highly colored, reddish, blood-like— that, OKffiHJnfmffo \\Ws53&&& **
©Q contains sediment or' "brick-dust like" deposit on standing, points -"BBkIi ®®
39 to sick kidneys. Infrequent or too frequent urination and a^ M^wSji ' §?
Q& urinary difficulties are danger signals which call for prompt use of v riHiBBiblg^ayL O©
|g Doan's Kidney Pills. , tPBBBIW|^8j||y gg
©9 DANGER SIGNAL NO. 2— Comes from the back. Backache BKgH9B$r ©°
®® pains — in many forms — signal sick kidneys, tell of overworked,- J&f§M&$B&ffl 1111 ©a
O9 congested kidneys; v/arn you of impending danger. A "bad back" Eft^MnRl l^ffl 99
®® is misery enough of itself, but far worse is in store for those who r| ||[ MM ••
®0 neglect its warning — nervous conditions — sleepless nights — des- ||| W$ MM ®§
OO pondency — failing eyesight — muscular soreness — Rheumatic pains iqj|jij[ *^v ®®
2§ and many exhaustive aches. Doan's Kidney Pills cure all ills of kid- £ |P^ . §S
i O© neys and bladder, and are endorsed by people you know. O©
••- ' *¦¦'¦¦ ¦'¦¦¦:"¦¦¦_ - f aceoeo8^aflCK8!ec8WO9Mceac8ff»eoec8^^
Q9 -T, _ ' 7, ¦ ¦¦:¦ :-: .- : ' ¦- : -V; .';-;¦.:.. . ' "' , ' '¦ ¦..©©
|| • °^^a /' '^ J F.M. Tucker of 737. Howard street says: "Trouble with ||
OO /!i!ffj2&b//z O j* n °Jtts^ the kidney secretions to me was a fruitful source of annoy- ®O
Q9 «^^j D'/» ance. Sometimes continence or stoppage was very marked, ®»
®a MV^w'cmAo *[*{*.' sometimes the action was too often And the quantity too pro- ®®
®9 fuse. In addition to this I had backache every now and then. ©@
|| ~ . v^ '. Matters had gone on like this for some, years, and although I ||
•• H * I * E ~~" ~T~~T~*~~ constantly tried to get rid of the cause I was unsuccessful until ||
q& *'°' ¦¦ -• "" ~ \ I used Doan's Kidney Pills. What I saw in an advertisement ©©
22 STATC ~~" — ---.-•- - ~ — ~~ which induced me to take a course of treatment was true, for 22
•• For free trtal box, man thl» orapnn to i ... , " t , " " . - ' , 52
G9 r °*"i I^SSc^^S < aitoi u " 1)O ** the pills acted exactly the same in my case and a cure was ••
gg (gSTtip. I ; the result." ; : • * , S.-'/S ¦ "¦••
oS©»oc0oe©©e©oc©®o©©©©««©#©©©«©##e©©«e«©©«©©©©©«t©«©©«c©d©««««»ta«§S
©©•©©©••©••••©^©©•©•••©©©©•©••••••••••oo©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©
j CALIFORNIA
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO j
LEAVES DAILY
i at 9:30 a. m., through in 3 daya, I
( with diner and all traoDinsrs. i
Other Saata Fe Trains:
T:3O a. m.\ tor Stockton. Fresno. BakersfSeld
8:00 p.' m-'j Mereed > Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8':00 p. in. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon snd
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot. S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. CaL 37 South First St..
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
ikH FRAKCISUO ANi> NORTH - PACIFIC
RAHiWAY COUFAmr.
Titraron Terry. Poot of Market Street.
SAM PRANCISCO TO SAN BAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:3O. »:«O. 11:00 a. ra.; 12:33.
3:30. .1:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at ll:3O p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m
SUXDATS— S:W>. 9:^0, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
3:30, 5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFAZX. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 7:33. 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50, 3:40, 5:C0. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Kxtra trip at 2:o5 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:0O. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; liiX
3:40, 4:55, 5:C5, 6:23 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
j San Francisco.| Sept; 27. 1903. [San Frantisco.
Week j Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. [ tlon. | days, j Days.
7:30 a 8:O0a 0:10Ta[ 8:4Oa
9:30 a Ignacio 10:40 a, 10:2') a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
I 5:10 p[ 5:00 p | 7:35 p|
, 7:30 a 9:10a 8:40a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma (S:05 p S:2u p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p |
5:00 p Santa Rosa. j
":30 a 10:40 ail0:20 a I
1 S:00a Fulton. . 7:33 p! 6:20 d-J
I 3-30 p 3:30 p | H
Windsor,
7:30 s 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
; 3:30 p 3:30p Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
> Cloverdale.
' 7:30a 8:C0a Hopiand 10:40s 10:20a
j 3:30p 3:30p snd Uktab. 7:33p 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 at WUllts. | 7:35 pj 6:20 v
7:3Oal S:0Oal . 110:40 a!10:20~a
3:3O p| 3:3t> p| Guern-vllle. | 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 ( a| 8:00 al Sonoma, I 0:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. |0:05pj 6:20 p
j 7:30a! 8:0Oa| 110:40 a!lO:2>3 a
I 3:3up[3:3Opj Sebastorpl. i7:35p|«:20p
STAGES connect at Green Erae for San
I Oaentln; at Santa Rcsa for White Sulphur
£prtngs; at Fulton for Altruiia and Mark West
i Springs; a ( Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey.
servllle for Skarrs Springs: at Cloverdale for
tht Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at
; Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
1 Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda. Cay. Lake-
j port and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiab for Vichy
1 Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
1 Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno
! Potter Valley. John Days. Riverside. Llerly**.
1 Bucknells, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's
¦ Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclro City, Fort Bragg.
• Westrort, U.«al; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg
, Westport. 8herwood. Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
> vllle. Cummints. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ot-
' sen's. Dyer. Garberrille. Peppenvood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
beyond San Kafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronicle
bolldlnc.
! H. C. WHITING. R. X. HTAN.
Gen. i!ana;er. • , Gen. Pass. Agt.
hggpg^ifl TOSANRAFAEL,
Hm ross valley.
*^^^^ M1LL VALLEY '
0^j|g! CAZADERO, Etc.
}i^^K^S?^^^^s| Via Sausalito Tarry.
' Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electrie —
' Depart from San Francisco Daily 7:«0. 8:00.
: 9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:15.
i 6:15. «:15, 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
i FROM SAN RAFAEL TO 6AN FRANCISCO
i —Daily. 5:25. B -.35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:08 a.
! m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:15. 5:45. «:45.
1 8:45, 10:20 p. m- j
i FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRAN-
t CISCO— Dally. 5:43. 0:55, 7:32. 8:55. 9:5.\
I 11:20a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. 6:03,.!
i 7:05. 9:00. 10:35 p. m. *
{ THF.OUGH TRAINS.
I s:0O a. rn. daily— Caxadero and way stations.
! 5:15 p. m. week days (SaturJay excepted) —
i Tomales and way stations.
; 3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero' and wa?
¦ stations.
Suodaya. only — 10 a. ra.. Point Reyes aM !
! way etatlona.:
> TICKET OFFICE— 623 Market st. . s
I FERRT— ITnlon Depot, foot of Market st. |
[DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
catalogue and Price List* Mallal
on Application. -
FS£SH AND SALT MEATS. ,,.:¦
JAj. DUICJ tt CU. Pay. Tel. Mala 12^4.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OlLts: LEONARD & ELLIS.
¦ 41S Front at.. S. F. Phona Main 1719.
FBUST1J9G.
t. C. hUGlifcSi 611 Sansome st.. 8. 9.
I f sunsct \ »m\ Trains leave aad *r%
I . \ "^"^f / • j due to arrive ¦>•
VoV^^^^y^y SAX FKAXCISCO.
f \ $ S (Mala Llae. Ferry Depov
1^^^ Foot of Msriet bi.-eei t
'f*Tl — PBOM~r»f BU>ST 17. 1'JiU. — 1IMTI
~ 7.00a Vscarllle. Winter*. i:uius«r_ TJOr"
7.00* Beatcta. Saisao. Elmlra »ad 3ncri-
mcatu 7.20?
7J0a V»I1- Jo. X*r>*. C»ll«to«». Saata
i:ota. Martlnex. San U»mon 8-2Or
7.30a Si!«. Llvermore, Tracy. Lat&rop.
S:ock:oo -. 720?
800* Shs«w Express— (Vis Dsrts>.
¦ * Wititnms (for Bartlett ?pr!asji\
WIUows. tFrnto. Ked BUS,
Portlitn<]. Taeoma, Seattle 7-50'
BOO* DsTi«.Wood!aa«l. KnlztiU LandtSK.
iUrysTllle. OroTtUe 7-5O
8-S0* Port Costa. Martian. Anttoeh.
Byron. Tr»CT. Scociton. Sew-
man, Los Baso*. Meadota.
Armona. lisa fort Vlsslta.
Porterrllle 4£0r
8-Wa Port Costa. JUrtlnf x. Tracy. L*:b-
ryp. Modesto. Merced, yresao.
Goshea Jaaetton. Uaaford.
Vtsslla. Dakersfleld 4-50?
* S-SOa Kne*. San Ju»e. Llrermore. Stoelc-
ton. (rMKJon). lone. 9*cram«ntOw
. PlaeerriUe. MarysTUle. Caieo,
• Red Blaff 4-Z0P
8.30a Oskdsle. Chinese. Jsmestown. 8o-
nor-i. Taolamne sad Angels 420r
900a AUantlc Express— Oscden and East. 11.20*
940a BJchmoad. Marttnei and Way
Stations 8 53p
10 00* Tna Orerland Lhnlted — Ugdea.
D«nTer. Omaha. Chicago*. * 23i*
10.00a Va'.lejo 12-20*
10.00a Los Anfreles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lemoore, Visalla.
BakersQrld. Los Angeles 723»
12. 03* Bayward. Klies aad Way Stations. 3-20p
•ft .00p 8«crmtoento Itlrer Steamers- tiLOOr
3 30r Benin*. Tr later*. Sacramentow
•' - ¦Wi;ot*.!*n5. KnigBtS Lsad!3g.
MarysTtlle, OroTllle and wsy
stations 10-50*
3 JOT Bsyward.NilesaodWay 3uttona.. 7-5Qr
3.30r Port* Costa. Martinez. Byroa.
Tracy. Latlirop. Modesto, •
Merced. Fresno ahd Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa..... ... 12-20*
5-SOf Marlines. Traey. Stockton. Lodi... 10-20*
4 OOP Mart!nex.8an lUmon.ValleJo.Napa,
Callitoga. Santa Ro*a. ... 9 20*.
4 OOp Nlles. Traer. Stockton. Lodi 4.20?
430' UsywAnl. 5tles. irTlngton. Saa » t8.50«
Jose. LlTcrmore ) 111.50*
ECOp The Owl Limited — Newmaa, Los
, Baaos. Mendota. Freaao. Talare.
BakersOeid. Los AOxeles.
GoMen State Limited Kleepvr.
Oakland to Los Angelea, for Cb>
eago, via C. R. I. & P............. 8-304
ECOr Port Costa. Tracy. Btocktoa 12-20P
t5JQp Haywird, SCes and San Jose ..... 7.20*.
6- OOp Haywsrd, K lies snd San Jose. 9.S>0a
6-C0r Eaatera Express — Or^a. Denrer.
Omaha. St. Louii. caicaso aa4 ,
East. Port Costa. Benlcla. Sol-
urn, Elmlra. Davis. Sacramento,
Rocklln. Auburn. Colfaz.
Trnekee, Boca. Ueno. Wad*
vorth, Wlnaemacca 8-20*
6. OOp Vsllejo. dally, except Sunday.... » nn ,
700p Vsilejo, Sunday only f /0Br
7X0p klchmond. tfan Pablo. Port Costa,
Martlnes aad Way Stations 11.29a
8.05* Oreeon A California Express— Sao-
ramento. Marysvlsie. Raddtas.
Portland. Poget Soand and Katt. 8-60*
8-IOp Bayward. Nile* aad Saa Jose (Soa-
dayoaly> . 11 60«.
COAST LINE : CUrra* iiAmst). '
(Foot of iUrtet Strset.)
8.1Sa Kswark. Ceatervllle. 8an Jute.
Feltoa. Roulaer Creek. Saata
Cru aad Way Stations S-SS*
t2.1fip Newark. Centerrllle. Saa Jose,
Kew Almadea. Lo* Guton.Trltoa.
Boa!der Crnek, Saats Crux and
Prlnctjal Wty StaUoas ttO-59*
4.18r Newark. San Jose, Los Ottos sndi »3 SS «.
way stations > :1O 65 »
«9J0p Uaaters Train. Saturday only. 8aa
Jose aad Way Station*. Return-
ing from Los Gnto* Sna<1ay only. t7 2Sr
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Froia J-AN *UAN CISCO. Fool or M«rlc«l St. (Sitp>*>
-tT:i5 »:00 UiCOaJI. 100 3 CO 6.1&P.M
From OAKLAND. Koot of l'.ruad way — ">:W li:>n
18:08 18:00 a.m. 12-00 2 00 400 r. a.
COAST LINE! (Uruad ».A.«* >.
t3£ < tnird »n<l fuwnsead Streets.)
~ 6-10a Saa Joie aed AVay Stations... 6-30r
7 00a 6an Jo«e aod Way Stations 5 3S»
IC3 a Kew Almadea (Ta<-».. FrM.. only). 4-10»
• 00a The Coaster— Stops only San Jove.
Gllroy (coonectloa for Bollls.
t«r). Psjaro. CastroTllle (con.
aecUoa to sad from Monte r»y
aad Pacific Orore). Saltnaa. b«i
Ardo. Paao Robles. Santa Mar-
gartta. San Lois Obltpo, principal
stations Ukence Surf (conaectloa
for Loapoc). principal stations
Utence Saata BarbAra.Ssa Kuea*-
rentora, Sungu*. Los Angeles... 10-4Sv
i.CO* 8a i Jose. Tres Plaos. Cspitola.
BantaCrnx.p!»c!ficftroTe.Sa!laas,
Saa Lais Oblspo and Principal
Way Stations ; ......_ 4-13p
10.30a Baa Jose aad Way Stations 1-23p
11 JO* Santa Clara. Saa Jose. Los Oatos
and Way Stations 7-30p
1-SOt San Jose snd Way Stations 8 jM
I-OOp Del Moate Kxpre«s^«Saata Ctar*.
Ban Joee. Del Monte. Monterey,
"' -c - "¦ ' Pacille Orore (evanecu at Santa
Clara for Santa Cms. BouMer
Creek and Narrow Uaoge Points)
at Gllroy for Iloiilster. Tres
Pinos. at CaatmTtUe for Salinas. 12.15*
S-SO* TresPtnos Way Pa«*eexer.. ....... 10 43*
4 30p Baa Jose sad Way Statloas t8 CO*
IS OOp s*n Juse. (rla Saata Clara) Loe
Oatos, aad Principal Way St*-
Uocs (except Sooday) *9 OOv
>6-S0p 6aa Jose aad Prtaclpal Way Statloas 49,43*
S-b&P Saaset Limited. — Bedwovd. Saa
¦%1'i* ¦,' ¦ Jose,Gllroy.Sansas.Paso Koble*.
Eaa Lnts Oblspo. 8aata Bazars,
Los Aciceles, Deminv. El P««o.
New Orleans. New York. Con-
nects it PaJ.iro for Saata Crms
snd at Castro-rtllA for Psclflc
Orore aad Way Station*.'.. 7.10k
t8 16p &aa>tateo.Beresford.Belmejtt.Saa
Carlos. Bedwood. Fair OsS*.
MenloPsrk. PiIoA'.m «si t8-4 a «
'8 30p Saa Jose aad Way Stations. 8-3°a
8 OCp Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 10. IS*
11.3OP South f jiFmnelnco. Mil: ftrse. Bar-
Uafame. Saa Mateo. Belmont,
Saa Carlos. Bedwood. Fair Oaka,
ttealo PSrk. aad Palo Alto 9.43*
«11.Mp sfsyfleld. Mouauln View. Saany-
TSie. Lawrence. Santa Clara sod
San Jose 1&4»_
A for aloralac Pfor Afteraooa. ""
1 Smday exeepted. t Saaday oaijr
a Batarday only.
i Stops at all stattoaa on Saaday.
Or~Oniy trains ttoppiBK at Vsieacts St. scvUiDovtd
sre«:10AJL,7:a)AUt,U:30A.M,J:JOP-M^«:»rj».a*4
l:CBpjt . _ -. ¦
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
- Leave TiaSnuslUa fwry Antw "
asaPtaacxsca fSet tt market »» Saa Frsadacst
Week Son. torn Sm- I Week
Days. day» ' jggg^WK days Days.
•Tr«rr*iTooi F^ttiajU^ i2:o*«foT4ci
•1:45p »:OOa !RBlSS-;Sg# *:* 5 » 3:5»?
•:ao> 1O:OOa «ss«^ l:SOf JiJOf
,, , lj.:OOx \l5SSs5gr 4:ftOr ¦:»•»
___ l:45p 6:5Op .«„ __
«txeasslwtasafSBt * ' Mssss mi Tgsw 8f
"tlCIlt 1 626 Makxst ST^tNorto Shore RavlrasaP
OfUB I sad S*o«Aixro Fiut, Foot Marks* 3t,
__^^^-^,^-,-,-,.o.-o- J^, fW^: ? A^ CXl ? 7A T_?? t^ Vi:l1 * ." -. ..... ._ -,^-._,-
1^ Between the Rocky Mountains and the Great Lakes the Burling- I -j
K^a ton reaches 1,400 towns and ci'ies. It is not the best line to and Jc-j
|y from all of them, but it is the best line from Denver to Omaha, *rj
r|| Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago. In fact, the Burlington is the | j
p| only railroad running its own trains over its own rails all the way from I ]
fey! Denver to St. Louis and Chicago. . | ¦]
pM There are many advantages of making your eastern trip via I.,!
PU Denver. The Burlington Overland Excursions leave California on jf.ij
kfd certain days every week, going thro' without change in Pullman* r T |
i|S tourist cars via Salt Lake City and Denver, passing the grand Rocky H
«3 Mountain scenery by daylight. f-j
|S No other way is safer or mo*e interesting, comfortable and fc|
|sj economical. A postal card request, giving the name of the point you |.4
$M wish to reach, will bring you just the information you want. In
N|j General Agent Burlington Route. EB
907 Telephone, Main 1188. 631 Market St., SAN FRANCISOO. p^THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1904.
12
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium; readings daily. $1; de-
veloping class Thursday S p. m. 502 Eddy st.
MRS. LESTER. 963 Mission; life reader, busl-
neas medium; read, daily; cir. to-night, 10c.
SEER. Egyptian Hindoo occult reader; dally
clr.Wcd.,Fri.. Sun., 8 p.m.; 10c. 320A Ellis.
A MATERIALIZING seance Wednesday even-
Ing; 50c. 328 Ellis st. .-..
EDWARD EARLE. 1062 Ellis, readings daily,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
MME. LUCRETIA, spirit medium; hours 10 to
5; circles every evening. 148 6th St., room 1.
ELISE BRAUN, renowned psychic. My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. 886 Bush.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 8S7.
_" CLAIRVOYANTS,
PROFESSOR ALBERT C. VICTOR,
The famous
PALMIST AND CLAIRVOYANT.
Special Reduction for One Week.
$1— His-$5 Reading for— $1.
Free Test! Free Test! Free Test!
A Free Test to All Who Come Prepared to
Have a Reading. ¦
Without aaklnr a question he tells you your
name, your mother's maiden name, the name
of the one you love, tells you your age and
what you called for, without asking a single
question.
THERE IS NO AFFAIR of Importance — ;
; past, present or future — but what Professor
Victor's occult eye can plainly r«veal. He will
point out the way that will lead to success ln
business, speculations, Investments, love, court-
ship, matrimony, divorce or anything you may
be ln trouble about.
Unlike Impostors Rnd pretenders; Professor
Victor, takes no money in advance and posi-
tively refuses to accept any v fee If you are not
e-ntirely satisfied. All business strictly con-
fidential. Hours from 9 a. m. to 8 p. m % daily
and Sunday.. 700 Post st.
" .
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at once and save $4.
His former $5 readings thts week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
You consult him.
(You to bo full judge.)
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clalryovant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
ise to tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry, ln fact I will tell every hops,
fear cr ambition better than you can tell
yourself : I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful l n life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and burled treasures and Insure you success
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a. tn.
to 8 p. m.: Sundays 2 to 6.
326 — O'Farrell st. — 328.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
i-t., cor. Turk: private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as ln nerson; '.i questions answered. $1;
full lite, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth: don't send currency; send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
JUST ARRIVED DAGMAR
The Egyptian palmist, clairvoyant and card
reader; consult on all affairs "f life; if In
doubt, trouble or adversity, sne will help
you. 100 McAllister st.. room 8.
A — MME. RAVENNA, formerly fi Fourth ct. :
reads life; business advice; originator of
names given; for one week. 6Oc. Offices 835
Howard St., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given; special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted, clair. & palm.:
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L., 50c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice Riven on nil affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; 2.">c up. 17 3d. next Exam.
MRS. A. H. KRONEN BERG, palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader; wh«n others fall try me;
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23^ 6th; 1. 25c, g. 50c.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant. 017 Market, rooms
11-72; Rives dates, names, facts; hours 11-0.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26 1 ,*! Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c; gents, 50c.
MKS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit- [
tines dully. 44Si^ Jessie gt.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CAItPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR now universally used ln cleaning carpets
on i floor, without removal: price moderate.
6. F. Com pf eased Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone Mam 5237.
WHEN you -become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
CONKLIN'S • Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
DEL MONTE — Carpets renovated on the floor;
also beating. 547 Hayes St.; phone Page 63S.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlson St.; Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CEEDIT CLOTHIEK3.
C. F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
. We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st. •
1 CLOTHIWQ KENOVATHTO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CUBES BTTPTPBI!.
WHO?— Hunter. 1208 Market St.: $100; ruptur*
I cure for $10; circular explains: send for one.
SAN FRANCISCO, ' Oct. 8, 1902.
Mr. A. Hunter— Dear Sir:
For 10 years I was afflicted with ecrotal
rupture. I used all kinds of trusses. Your
rupture holder has cured me. My 'health Is
better than It has been for years. Yours
truly,
DEIDRICH BENECKE,
: • 2005 Mission st.
DENTISTS^
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, COc;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surge0n-dentist.r.l4.1st
floor,. Phelan bid., 80ti Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1841 Polk st
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 35c crowns, $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.6.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors,235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $150 up; crowns. $2 up;fllllngs.25c.
DKESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst ¦ and knlfe-plaltlng; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonh61e factory. 110 Taylor; tel.Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millnery School—
- Pattterns cut to measure: eve. class 1019 Mkt.
; EDUCATIONAL. '^^;: ;~
AT home ln our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study 'In the entire West. -New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
' . CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
825 Golden Gate avenue. ; :¦ : '.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, : cyanide; day, ev.; est 1S64. ' Van
der.Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City. Hall.
BANJO, .'mandolin, and guitar . thoroughly
' - taught ; <: orchestra practice. -¦ > 462 ; Geary, eu '
c^'"°AAtr---Contlnncd.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; establiehed IS years; th« school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters: catalogue free. " '
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.
STAMMERERS taucht to talk; no drawl,
singsong or motions. Call or write Natural
Speech Academy, 1030 East Twenty-eighth
st.. Los Angeles. Cal.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges:
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening cessions. Phelan bldg.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Danein*. 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be con-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market: catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith..
spelling, writing, etc.: day eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes& Electricity. 24 Post
st.. S. F. ;a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
bet. Pine and California; classes now open.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California, r.4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano $3 per mo.;
mandolin* club $1 per mo. 82S Halgbt «t.
school of Illustration Day and
PARTINGTON'8. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25e half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH.French.etc. Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of language; 320 Post; estab' d 1871 : ablest profs.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
george" aokx^ *2i- Post st. :i teU' Bush?: 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes"be8t help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese belp. 420 Powell st. Tel. Main 6752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau,
604 Kearny st.. room t 3; phone Black 445S.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office: Japanese and Chines*
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 1C8.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51M.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
KMI'LO V>1 K.\T WAiM'KI) KK M ALK.
A WOMAN wishes work by the. day. Phone
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day to do
washing or house-cleaning, with references.
Call 731 Laurel ave., between Eddy and
Turk, off Buchanan.
AN elderly woman wants light housework;
small family; Is a pretty good cook or will
take care of 1 or 2 children. Box 4425, Call.
YOUNG German girl would like a position for
second work or chambermaid; wages $25;
city or country. Box 4408. . Call.
A WOMAN of refinement will give faithful
and efficient service; .housekeeping, care S of
sick or Infant: referentts. Box 4369. Call.
AN exi>erlenced and partly trained nurse will
care for Invalid; $35 per month. Box 4305,
Call of nee.
YOUNG girl desires a position as saleswoman" |
also girl as cash girl; reliable. Please ad-
dress ti Eddy St., office 31.
REFINED lady desires position as housekeeper
In mountains or. country. Address box 1077,
Call office, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED tallortss desires a position on
IS coat*. Address or call 36 Moss st.
A COMPETENT cook would like a situation.
912 Park st.. Alameda.
YOUNG girl wishes general housework and
cooking; wages $25. Call at 71WE Tehama.
DRESSMAKER, 3 years' experience, would
like to work out by the day. 1B15 O'Farrell.
; WOMAN wants work to take care of children
or nurse an Invalid. 710 Harrison st.
STRONG, willing American woman wants
laundry work only. $1 25 and car fare;
sweeping and cleaning if no laundry work.
737i*i Howard st.. second flight, room 12.
2 F1NLANDER girls wish, positions; one a4
cook, other as general housework; best of
references. Address 13 Hampton terrace, off
Washington st.. bet. Powell and Stockton.
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse wishes engage-
ments: best references: $12 a week. Call or
address MRS. WILSON. 474 \_ Tehama St..
near Sixth; no postals.
AMERICAN woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or cooking; neat and relia-
ble; city or country. Address Housekeeper.
206 Eddy st.
YOUNG German girl would like a position for
second work or chambermaid: wages $25;
city or country. Box 4408, Call office.
A LADY would like four hours' chamberwork
ln rooming-house or hotel. Address MKS.
HARRISON. 29 Rlnggold st.
LADY employed .forenoons would like teach-
ing, sewing or any light work for afternoons;
first-class references. Box 4563. Call.
YOUNG lady wishes to do copying or address-
ing envelopes. Address MISS H. E.. 10o2
Sanchez st.
YOUNG lady wishes to. coach children or adults
ln primary or grammar studies. Address
MISS A. I.. 1032 Sanchex st.
POSITION wanted by trained nurse in doctor's
office; best of credentials; 10 years' experi-
ence. Box 4372. Call.
WANTED — Work by the day by a German
lady. Call or address 420 Sixth st.
FINLAND girl, good cook, wants situation;
wages $30. 245 Clara st.
SWEDISH woman wants work cleaning and
washing; $1 50 per day. 92 Ninth st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, supscriptlons received at
Call brancb office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The.
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister »t.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
ATTORNEY, who is" also experienced office
man, bookkeeper, correspondent, business
manager, etc., will accept position with cor-
poration, real estate concern. Box 4527, Call.
YOUNG roan of 33, German, wishes place as
houseman ln first-class hotel or private
house: experienced. Box 4423. Call office.
WANTED — Position as grocery salesman by
young man of ten years' experience; best
of references. Box 4424, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by colored man aa cook,
city or country: hotel or private ' family.
Box 4634. Call office. - ..
COOK — Competent, quick, economical: hotel or
restaurant; city or country. Addresa' box
4304. Call office.
A BARTENDER of experience, mlddle-age"d!
single, wishes a position of trust. Bartender,
0S9 Howard St., room 72.
YOUNG man wants light work; -country pre-
ferred. Address A. KENNEDY. C26 Tele-
graph ave., Oakland.
WANTED — Situation aa coachman; experienced
. man. Box 4413, Call.
RELIABLE, competent young man, thoroughly
understands care of horses and duties per-
taining to footman's and coachman's posi-
tions, wishes situation on private place, clty
¦ or country. A. M. - BARRETT, northwest
" corner Washington and East sts.
WANTED— Position by youngr man with gener-
al experience, both wholesale and retail, in
toys, house furnishing and woodenware lines ;
have been employed by the same concern 11
y^ars In different capacities; can furnish Al
references. Box 4422, Call of nee.
A YOUNG colored - man desires a position as
porter, janitor or fireman; 1 years' experience
around boilers; best of references. Call on
or address W. CHOCOLATE. Zt2V, Xatoma.
A MIDDLE-AGED couple,* just arrived j from
Europe, would like to get positions as farm
hands, or any position ln the city;- no chll-
¦ dren. Apply SS5- Seventh st. ' • ' ¦
YOUNG man wishes a situation as engineer:
has ten years' experience of oil burning and
" steam fitting. Address Engineer, box 4574,
Call office. ..¦>¦.....¦,. ¦. • ,
A ¦ GARDENER thoroughly versed in all
. branches of horticulture under glass and
outside; 8 years In last' position; with best
of • recommendations. Box 4606,, Call '. office.
A TRUSTWORTHY; man wants position as
- night watchman; can furnish references. Ad-
dress J. B.. 75(5 Folsom st. . '-
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wishes situation;
can lend $400. A. B. WARD, box 4410.' Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE. _
ENGLISHMAN. 12 years In Central America;
good bookkeeper, thorough knowledge Span-
ish, also French: d.eslre» position with manu-
facturing or exporting firm with a view to
eventually representing them in Kurope.
Box 4655, Calh
ATTORNEY, who Is also experienced office
man, bookkeeper, correspondent, business
manager, etc., will accept position with cor-
poration. Box 4527, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER — Expert accountant of many
years' experience offers services: any work
on books or adjusting accounts solicited.
Address box 43.S4, Call office^
A RELIABLE young man, good character.wlth
the use of one arm, desires a position a<s
watchman, or any kind of work. J. JUSL1N,
611 Washington st. _
WANTED— A rltuation by a respectable man; j
good cook, pardener. make butter, milk: ex- I
perienced poultry raiser; references. Box
4637. Call office.
YOUNG man desires posltton ln wholesale
house where there Is a chance of advance-
ment; best of references. Box 4407, Call.
BARTENDEJR (German) wishes situation: city
or country^ Address W. E.. care- of 801
Kearny St., San Francisco.
BOOKKEEPER, graduate from one of best ac-
countants in city, desires position; wages no
object* Address G. B.. 217 Parrott bldf.
A YOL'NG man would like a position In th«
country; understands gardening and care of
horses. Box 4386. Call office.
BARBER — First-class from New York waats
first-class position. Address Barber. box
4406, Call office.
BAKER, first-class all-around bread and cake
baker and confectioner; country preferred.
BURTON, 192 Seventh st.
RELIABLE, steady roan, handy with tools,
wishes position; wages no object. Box 4564.
Call office.
YOL'NG man wants position as bookkeeper;
good references. Box 44Cfl, Call office.
MACHINIST, also draughtsman wants posl-
tlon. PAUL GLA3ER. 312 Bills st.
CUTTER and tailor wishes position; New
York references. Box 44OD. Call office.
POSITION wanted a« collector; best of refer-
ences. Box 4654. Call.
EOY wants job as apprentice ln tinsmith shop.
Box 4533. Cal! office.
YOUNG Chinese, first-class cook, wishes a
prsilfon In small private family. 815 Du-
pont St.. AH FONG.
A JAPANESE boy wants a place to do cook-
Ing ln small family; speaks Kngllah very
well. FRANK NAKA. 1714 Devlaadero et.;
tel. Scctt 577.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as a
houseworker. Address 3OU Clement st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fiftb.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
FKATIIKK R1S>OVATI5O.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 31B7.
FINANCIAL.
FOR sale— 25 shares (8 per cent preferred.
!10O each p. v".); reliable, legitimate local
corporation; wholesale druggists: splendid:
safe; cash opportunity. Box 4412. Call office:
COSTA Rica Banana Co.; a life Income; shares
starting 5c: rare chance. 53i) Crossley bldg.
FIRMTl'KE FOR SALE^
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods of every description; flats
bought. Mission Auc. House, 429-4:19 Valencia.
OFFICE furniture; a bargain; 1 5-ft. roller
desk table, chairs, etc. 581 Parrott bldg.,
t»-12 a. m.
NEWLY furnished flat of 7 rooms; rent $35:
must be sold at once; a snap at $175. 1012
Golden Gate ave.
SOLID oak furniture cheap: 3 rooms. 4 Bond
st., near Twelfth and Mission.
FURNITURE WA.VTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP. auctloneer.lSlS Mkt.: tel.Howard 275ft
FLATS TO LET.
A A A— HOUSE RENTINcfDEPA RTMENT\
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department; over 1000
ln number; a combine. 1 list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall- service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO.,
1C30 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
PINE, TOCi^, near Powell — Upper flat. 6 rooms
and bath; sun all day; fine view; $37 50.
Se e owner on premises.
FELL. 651. between Buchanan and Webster—
New sunny flat, never occupied; S rooms and
bath; every modern Improvement.
SWELL 4 rqoms and bath. 957 Hayes St.; wa-
ter, garbage; hall lights; Janitor service;
$30-$32 50.
AN upper flat of 5 rooms and bath. 344S
Twentieth st., near Capp.
SUNNY upper flat of 3 rooms and bath. 1472
Ellis st.
SEVENTEENTH, 41S2. near Castro-st. cara —
Sunny" upper flat. 7 rooms, bath, basement.
3 FLATS. 7 rooms each; latest Improvements;
nearly finished. Mission St., bet. 23d and 24th.
TWENTY-SECOND. 3556. near Doloresi — 5
rooms and bath; double parlors; rent $15.
ELEGANT NW. cor. flat; 7 rooms (all front);
bath, marine view: $45. Phone Geary 448.
FLAT, 5 rooms: bath; stable; sanitary Im-
provements. Apply 33S Thirtieth St.
JUST completed: new 6-room flat: tinted and
all the latest Improvements. 2413 Folsom st.
LINDEN ave.. 506 — Three nice sunny rooms,
basement; rent $11.
FLATS TO LET — Ft'RXISUEO.
WASHINGTON, 2S33, near Alta Plaza— Beaa-
tlfully furnished sunny flat of 7 rooms.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
SIXTH. 328 — 6 rooms and bath; nice home;
cheap rent; must be sold; sickness.
$350— FURNISHED flat. 7 rooms; new. mod-
ern; or will rent furnished. 524 Turk st.
HELP -WANTED— FE3IALE.
A CHAMBERMAID, who can sew some, for
small private family. In Oakland, $25; a sec-
ond girl who would be willing to assist ln
the care of a child 5 years old, $30; a cook
willing to do some housework for small fam-
ily ln country. $40; a waitress and parlor
maid. $30: a laundress and chambermaid.
* small family, $30; a laundress, two in fami-
ly. 530.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st..nr. Powell.
A GIRL or woman for cooking and light house-
work for very small family in countrjV/33;
see lady here this morning. MISS PLUN-
KETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A WAITRESS, $30; laundress. "$30; secend
girl. $25; woman with a child. $25: house-
keeper, $30; 4 cooks. $35 and $30; chamber-
maid. $!S 50 a week. MR3. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. ' -^ * ¦ -
A NEAT youns lady living with parents, as
saleslady In candy store; no experience nec-
essary: steady position ard chance to ad-
•vance; $7 week to begin. MRS. M. E. DAY.
331 O'Farrell st. • . -
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manlcurins. etc. : trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed, at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
ln 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $1O per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. IX
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 123C Mar-
ket St., cor. Jonea, room 04; positions secured
at highest wa;es: day and eve. class: call.
A YOUNG Girl to do upstairs work and wait
on table; must have references. Call at 9tC
Eddy St., 10 a.m. to 12 m.
A WOMAN free from home cares who .can
, devote herself to a well-paying undertak-
lng. Box 4411. Call office.
GIRL wanted to assist with housework and'
cooking. Call at 1631 Geary st. . £
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A CAMER0N~& CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and' Powell. \
Headquarters lor roominB-houtt*. hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
128 rooms; cheau rent; long lease; first-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $5oO to |t500 per month; must
sell un account other business; only with us."
9-room, new, modern Hat; 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $18lK>; a bargain; sick-
ness.
60 rooms; elegantly furnished; fine location;
close in; new and modern throughout; full and
clearing $250 to |35o per month; must tw Bold
to settle an estate; only face 01 mortgage now
on it asked; chance of a lifetime.
[ 90 rooms; part office*; elegant new building
I and furniture; hleh-clase location; beautitul
I halls: everything: modern: nrst-elass grill in
I connection; best proposition in city; called
Ernst.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
sood lease. - ¦
17 rooms; rent only $70; oak furniture. Ax-
minster caroets; fine location; clears $80; fine
buy. •
8 room*; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $l£0 down, balance time;
$460.
; 28 rooms; oak fur.; velvet carpets; close ln;
can be run as boarding-house If desired; J180O.
1S2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment -house la San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ids $400 oer month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance (8 per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $85; well furnished; all new;
$600 down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
25 rooms; rent only SflO; north Market; all
full; clears $100 per month; price $1800; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
106 rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
family hotel in city; all full and clearing $400
to $600 per month; books open for Inspection;
obliged to leave city.
7- room flat; rent ?40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent J40O; elegant new building;
swell family hotel: beautiful furnishings;
clearing $600 per month; every room full; will
stand th« strictest lnvestlsation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well burnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
86 rooms; corner; rent only $500; beet down-
: town house ln city; electric elevator: well fur-
; nlshed; guaranteed to clear $400 to $5OO per
j month; books onen for Inspection; everything
in first-class shape; on account other business.
30 rooms; rent only $150: oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close ln; fine money-maker.
1 220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luurlously " furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting: grand new building: cle^r-
inr $400 to ?600 per month; obliged to leave
city.
II rooms; rent $40: close ln: oak. cherry fjir-
nlture; Brussels carr^tp; clears $65 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
46 rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel
south of Market; fine bar; well stocked; brick
building: electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cafh, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
8-room upr*r flat: corner: all sunnv rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear ln\-e?tlgatlon.
21 rooms; enrner: rent only ?R5: oak fur.:
pood carpet*; housekeeping; nil full; clearing
T7rt over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price 51 600.
50 rooms; new; modern apartment-house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; cl»arlne $250 to $300;
very central; flrst-elftM proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modem bulHIng: In
one of the best cities In Southern California:
electric lights:" hnt and cold water: everything
up to date; n-year lease; rent only $200: clear-
, Ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms; well furnished: first-class tran-
sient house: 2 blocks off Market: 5-year lease;
clearing over $100: Kood buy for some one.
31 rooms; rent $110; all Hrht rooms; clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $S00
to get in; must leave city at once; price $1300.
lnfi moms: rhean rent: new and elegantly
'urnlshed; ur-to-date 1 apartment-house: has
fine bar: ran be run In conjunction If desired:
rare cbanre for rlcM parties; part each, bal-
ance ran t>e paid out nf hous»: oth»r business
Interests demand immediate departure.
12*5' rooms; rent only ?4 per room; n«"r and
up-to-date house; all men: electric elevator,
llrhts: long lease; clears MOO to $r.r*O per
month: one of the best buys In th« city, i
MARION GRIFFIN.
4O« Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In fine front" offices.
Phone Black .1607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
I'p-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
SPECIAL— 52.
GUARANTEED to clear over $200 per month;
52 rooms; well and substantially furnished;
always full and eminently respectable; house
north of Market; rent $3 50 per room; price
$4500; part cash and balance as you earn It
ln the house* See MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL— 38.
. CUT THIS ADD OUT. SEE
MARION GRIFFIN about that apartment
house of 38 rooms, all permanently rented:
first payment only $750 and balance as you
make it; rent very low for such a house.
SPECIAL— 8.
A newly furnished 8-room flat.
One block north of Market, and .
If you have $100 to pay down, go and
See MARION GRIFFIN at your earliest.
~ 'sPECIAU— 100 ROOMS. ~ ~~
NEW and modern: elegant furnishings; 7-year
lease; Income $1097: total expenses f639;
profit $458 each month; price, $10,000.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406, Examiner bldg.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
GRAND sunny corner of 40 rooms, clearing
$173 over all; sale on easy terms; swell loca-
tion; owner sick. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL— 21. .
THINK twice — First, that we can sell you a
21-room house full of roomers for only $1200;
' second, that you need onljr pay $400 down,
for we lend you the balance, payable- In
monthly installments. . - _
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406, Hearst bldg.
SPECIAL— 30.
NEW- house, 3 blocks north of Market; 30
very large, desirable rooms; low rent; 3T-year
I lease; most artistically . furnished ; will clear
$200 to $300. owing to management.
MARION GRIFFIN, room^Oe, Hearst bldg.
MITCHELL & CO Phone Jessie 2981
1206 Market st.. opposite Sixth.
IS rooms; neat, sunny, two- floor house; rent
$40; sell or exchange; price $050.
65 rms.; downtown house; steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.'
28 rms.; choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
2fj rooms; well appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must sell; make offer.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market at.
100 ROOMS, sunny corner, rent $125. ...$4500
40 rooms, south of Market, rent $110.. 2600
40 rooms. Mission warm belt, rent $65. 2250
20 rooms, summer resort, rent $400 yr. 35<)
14 rooms, .fine location, rent low 700
Hotels and summer resortsA
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
A— $1000; hous* of 30 rooms, 37 beds; rent $100,
" lease of 4 years; good furniture; rooms always
occupied. See_R. G. WILKE. EfiVi Kearny.
SUTTER. 14 large, light corner rooms;, nicely
furnished; all rented; bargain hunters, ex-
amine this. Owner, 209 Kearny St., room 1.
FOR sale—11-room house, nicely furnished; full
of steady roomers; clears $52 over rent; own-
er paralyzed; must sell; offer. 043 Geary at.
CENTRALLY located corner house; 54 rooms;
nicely furnished: rent $225; long lease; must
be sold. WILSON." 409 Taylor St.
FOR sale — Lodging-house, 20 rooms; on Mar-
ket st.; clearing over $135 per month. Box
45S3. Call office. - ' A- :'.:-,
A— 14 ROOMS; snap: all full. Call 212 Fifth
St.. between 1 and 3 p. m." '. . •
18 ROOMS; rent $70; long lease; furnished new-
¦ clears $oO. Call at 856 Ellis st.
LODGING-HOUSE. 30 rooms; rent $125; will
¦¦ sell- reasonable. 'Box; 4507. .Call office. >' *
HOUSE of 30 rooms; rent $50; price $600. Call
' 1116 Mission -sC
the^cAll
—
¦JOnar P. SPasCgHLS. Proprietor.
ittnss ccmmaicanciis to IOSS MAPGHT, Manager
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third, 8. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenscm rt.
Delivered by Carriers 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term, by Mail. Including Postage <Caah With |
Order) : 1
DAILY CALL rinclad. Sunday) 1 year. . .$S-00 j
DAILY CALL <includ Sunday). 6 mo* 4^00 (
DA!LY CALL— By Single Month «5e ¦
EUNDAT CALL 1 Year f£J !
WEEKLY CALL 1 Tear -'I 00
„„„„.,. f Dally... $8.80 Per Year Extra
pSIr^rK i Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra |
POSTAGE. \ Wf *kly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTER? ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eample Copies will b« forwarded when re-
Quested.
Mall «ubecrlbers ln ordering change of ad-
ores* «hould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS ln order to insure a
prompt aad correct compliance with their r»-
BMtt.
OAKLAND OFFICE: - '___
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: __,
tliS Center Street Telephone North 77
Washington correspondent:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
telen Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flftb-ave-
cue Hotel suid Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STAJCDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great 1
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium |
Hottl; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S..Martjuette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
ETEPHEN B. EMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald 6quar«
BUSINESS OFFICE of the ?in Francisco
Ca!l. corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
ICOn Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m .
t27 Montgomery etreet. corner Clay; open
until 9:30 p. m.
5f-A Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m,
<vi9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 p. ra,
Z2e.l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. •
IC« Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
3036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. ra.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. ra.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 8 p. rn.
gfiO FiSlmore Ftreft; open until 9 p. m,
MKBTOG MOTTOES.
CROCKETT LMge No. 139. F. and A. n
M.— Second degree THIS <WEDNES- Vy
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By AA
vril-r of the W. M.
; R. H. McPHEREON. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lo4g^~No7l6cTFrand A. _
M— Third degree THIS (WEDNES-VY
DAT) EVENING at 7 o'clock sharp. /V\
II. J. OWEN, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. lfiO. F. and A. M. «
— Called meeting THIS iWEDNES- W
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. A/\
Second degree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
FA RNS WORTH Lodge No. 05. I. _*bs*_,
< • ' F. Second <>cree THIS -$&39&PiF.
(WEDNESDAY) NIGHT, March
lfi. Welcome Hall, S o'clock ¦^TiTiKS^
sharp. Visiting and sojourning brothers wel-
mn«. J. L. SINCLAIR. Noble Grand. *
G. A. BL'RMAN. Recording Secretary.
MORPE Lodge No 257~I. O. O. f. ~^7Z~
. - Initiation THIS EVENING.
.'•' :•' !¦ 1C. A" members ar<- re-
quested to be present. Other im-
portant business. Visitors cordially invited.
E. F. SCOTT. N. G.
C. BRIND. Recording Secretary.
NATIONAL Union. Califor-
r.ja Council, meets TO- _
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. ><^ "''
Fourth «., at 8 o'clock.
Laoirs' night. Good entertainment. Friend*
KKR and BRODRICK. entertainment com-
mittee.
NATIONAL Cnlon. Califor- V»5?S£JS?'s.
r.is Council, meets TO- jri_
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall.
Fourth ft., .at S o'clock. .
V.^itinc frienJs cordially invited: initiation.
By order C. CEXPEL. President.
Q. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
ANCIENT Or<J»r of ForMtere— A joint v •
meeting of all the courts in the city 5T»
will be held in Pioneer Hall. CjT
THJrnSDAY. March 17. at R p. m.. £&»w
lor the purpose of 'initiating ca.ndi- *""' J
dctes and exemplifying the ritual. Eveiy I
Fr r«fter in the city is urged to attend. By
ordfr ..f J. B. BAXFPRP. H. C. R.
TO the Officers and Members
of California Harbor No. ir>. U i m ..
.'¦ ... of M. and P.: Vou *(T> 5 Vsj£3j5^ j
arf hereto- requested to at- Mrff^l**^^
tond the funeral of our late r
fcmiher. AXEL ISACSON, from the under-
t*k:i:g parlors of F. B. Petersen, 228 McAI-
1is;<r Ft., on THl'RSDAV, March 17 ifWM I
at 10 a. m. JOHN M--FARLAND, Cant.
B. N. PIPPEY. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company— The regular annual meeting of
the stockholder** of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
tht o:flce of the company. No. 327 Market
#Treer <roera 4. second flr>or), in the city j
•nd county of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY, the 22d day of March.
A. D.. 1004. at the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m.. !
fcr the purpose of electing a Board of Di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year, and
for the transaction of such othv buMnesfl
at may properly come, before the meeting.
Transfer books mill close on FRIDAT
March 11, 1904, at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS.
Secretary Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Com-
pary. H27 Market street, San Francisco
California
E«n Francisco. Cal., March 8. 1904.
ANNUAL meeting — The annual meeting of the '
stockholders of tjie WESTERN SUGAR
REFINING COMPANY will be held
st the orflce of the company. No.
327 Market Et., Fan Francisco, California
on MONDAY, the 2*th day of March, 1904. at
the ho«ir of 12 m.. for the purpose of elect-
ing o board of directors to serve for the
ensu.ng rear, and the transaction of such
, other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books mill clone on Fridav
March IS. 1904. «t J2 m. W. H. HANNAM,
Secretary
THE California Debris Commission having re-
crived application to mine by haudraulie
rror™, from F. M. Conn and S. G. Simpson
in Lmigrsnt Hill placer mining claim near
Quinsy Pluma* County. Cal.. draining Into
. Fpar.iBh Creek, which reaches Feather River
elves notlre that meeting will b* held at
room i»6 Flood building. San Francisco. Cal
Marrh ?*. lttM. at 1:30 n. m.
ACESTS WASTED. ~~
AGENCIES for every city" of'thTunlonTror" the
Martjul* Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms. -4U
Post tt.. San Francisco. Cal. j
AGENCIES for every city or the Union for the i
Marquis Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms 414 I
Post Et.. San Francisco, Cal. ' 1
WANTED— First-class life insurance solicitor-
£*%a£fl fiS«. mopth and """"-op:
APTxaTTSEMEarr wmTurcK ~
HAVING recently acquired "through' «xciii»g« I
cf property three $40 scholarships in the best
College of Advertising In the United States
I will sell them at 20 per cent discount for
cash: the college teaches advertisement writ-
Irg by correspondence and assists Its erad-
cntes to secure positions: catalogues fur-
nlshed on TinUratlnn. A<1drei»> bor 302A Call.
ATTORXEVS-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
Bee ice and rave money; no pay in advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
Established 22 yre.: nr.s. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. lit fl
1122 Market et., between Mason and Taylor"
ACvlce free all matters. Detectives employed.
It. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bid*. !
teth floor, entrance room 611; established 20 !
years; all cases, general court and office prac- I
tlce: no fee ln advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red SOtil.,
DIVORCE — Gouts. 812; quick, quiet; advic*
free; open evenings. 027 Market st-. rm. 30L
L. C. CLARK. 927 Market rt.; consultation
free; no Xee* in advance; open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cenU — The Weekly Call,
10 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, fl per year.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $4000; CORNER raloon, with lease; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by own-
ers for years; fullest investigation solicited.
SVe R. U. WILKE. 2<Hi Kearny St.
A — $3000; GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment in Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 aud n first-class paying business;
otuer Investments only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny st.
A — (1200; BAKERY, estab. years and kept .by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4^4 barrels
per .lay: daily eates $4ft; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.^
A— ?12. r .0; DFL1CATESSEN and dairy produce
."•ere; clo;<e to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value la sight; a splendid offer. See H.
G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st.
A — $5<i0: BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; daily receipts about $10;
choicest location ln the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st. •
A— $2200; Saloon, with lease; estab. years;
vicinity of Fourth St., Market and Stockton:
place speaks fcr IUelf; all particulars. R.
G. WILKE. 26fr Kearny st.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 16 fur-
nithed rooms; ft years' lease: rent $65; a
business where man and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— {30C0; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
St.; rent 1(0; lease ;3 horses, 6 wagons; bust,
ness ectab. years; Investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 28V4 Kearny St.
A— $1660; COll. ealoon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50; lease: a first-class paying place ln
choicest location; $150 per month clear guar-
' anteed. R. G. WILKE. 26t4 Ilearny st. .
A— $10C0; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
gallery, averaging about $'J 50 p«r day; ex-
penses about $5 per day; will sell or trade
for lodging-house. See R. G. WILKE. 26^
. Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery in
choicest location; rent $80; daily receipts
about $70; a good buslnefs, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26'vfr Kearny st.
A — $850; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts.; rent $75; a splendid
location and rare business rhance. See R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ;
A— $2250; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc. ;
no opposition; ln thriving country town about
75 mil's from this city; a rare chance. For
rarticulsrs see R. G. WILKE. 26>-4 Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 60x100:
houso or 4 rooms. 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.: price $3tjOO; not all cash required; a
good builness. Call on R. G. WILKE. 26^
Kearny «t.
A, CAMERON & CQ. ...... .Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and Ice cream parlors. .. .$200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to 82000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores S30O to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $CO0O
Delicatessen stores $350 to $1500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
FOR sale cr trade — Quart* mines; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; arsays $40*to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-pouBe or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy etore: all equip-
ment for making own candles; established 8
years; clears over $200 per month; will In-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One cf the best restaurants In city:
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for email ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; well
located; clearing $300 per month; first-class
proposition; will Ftand strict Investigation;
price $S0OO. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
$100 — FINE paying office and established com-
mission business clearing $100 monthly. 1007^i
Market St.. room 1.
SUMMER resort; finest climate; big payer;
complete: near city; sickness; investigate.
IOO714 Market St.. room 1.
$250— PARTNER wanted ln established com-
mission business clearing $150 monthly; will
give bank references; experience not re-
quired; grand opportunity. 1007^4 Market, r.l.
FOR sale — JS500 cash will buy an old estab-
lished corner drug store ln Sacramento;
stock complete and good condition; large
transient trade; expenses light; selling at a
discount on account of retlricg from busi-
ness. Address P. O. box 444, Sacramento, Cal.
FOR sale — A large, well paying bakery, with
large cake trade and 5 to ti barrels of bread;
latest Improved wagons and 6 good horsep;
only a short distance from city. Inquire M.
P. DETELS, 218 California st.
A PARTY with small caoital to take interest
ln .3 mining claims in Council District,
Alarka. help work property; rich paying
claims on all sides; big return>; meet o»'n»r
here. C. C. SMITH, 26 Montgomery, room ».
PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman, witli
or without service, to extend an established
picture and lramlnK business: success cer-
tain: apiily on the premises. J. JONES,
ir.14 Park pt.. Alameda.
PARTNER with $250 for fine paying office
business: no experience necessary: $75
mo.; iteady man wanted. 20ft Kearny, r. 1.
DELICACY store; Larkln St.; well patronized;
price $550. Apply 209 Kearny st., room 1.
A PARTNER wanted with small capital in
one of the best mall order luslness on the
ccast. paying a good profit and room for
enlargement. Box 46J0, Call office.
PHYSICIAN with $400 secures drug store and
household furniture In thriving suburb of
San Francisco; good practice. RH 1170
Market st.
FOR sale — Branch bakery, dairy produce,
candy and ice cream; splendid trade; good
business location. For particulars, address
box 4600. Call office.
WANTED— Partner in distributing business;
have State rights; 40 per cent net profit.
6 Eddy «t.. room 2.
$50 CAPITAL to start wins $12 dally; I loan
you $25; famous distance system, wins 4
races dally. DAVIS. 230 Powell st., room !).
A GRAND opening for man with few thousand
dollars; buslne;* will stand Investigation.
Bor 4363. Call office.
WANTED — To trade cigar store for rooming-
house; will pay cash difference. 1008 Mar-
ket st.. box 33.
A PORK delicatessen' and restaurant; $275 If
sold at once; good location for sausage-
maker. Apply 1837 Union et. -
FOR sale — Good saloon ln manufacturing part
of city; 2 blocks from Market st. Inquire
WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO. (Inc.). 318 Clay.
CANDY and Ice cream parlors for rfkle; near
Presidio: fine fixtures; everything neat and
clean. Box 4C2S. Call office. _^
FOR sale — Saloon with living-rooms and card-
rooms and large hall at transfer corner;
lease; rent low. Box 4570. Can 'office.
CONFECTIONERY and Ice- cream store' In
= finst-cla*8 neighborhood , and location; living
rooms; lease*. Box 4610. Call office. .
FOR sale in a live bay town— Candy, branch
bakery. Ice cream and tamale parlor. Ad-
dress box 461S. Call office. •
FOR sale — A lunch stand; good business; cheap
account of sickness. Call after 3 o'clock. 1301
Howard st.
CIGAR stand; bargain, bargain.- bargain; near
Market gt.; make offer. Eureka, 783H Mrkt.
$500— BAKERY; large cash store trade; large
brick oven. EUREKA. 783^ Market st.
RESTAURANT for sale: $750; must be sold.
W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery St.. room 5.
$650 — FINE cigar stand; cheap rent; lease.
Opposite Transport,* East and Folsom sts.
$250— RESTAURANT; 3 living rooms: rent
$14: good reasons for, selling. . 502 Sixth st.
WANTED — Grocery in a good location for
business. Address box 4CTO. Call office. -.
$1800 — GROCERY and bar; location Is good:
well stocked; good business. Box 4538, Call.
ROUTE on Call. Apply at office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite . Fifth.
Open until. 11 p. m. ...,-?',. .
BOARDING _FOIl^ CHILDREN.
LADY wants Infant or small child to care for;
lovely home: help kept; best references. Box
1078. Call office, Oakland...
CHILD to' care for; good home; » no children
25 Fell st. ¦¦-¦..'¦¦
BAD tenanu ejected 'for $4; collections made:
«-lty or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery. : rooms 8-10; tcl. Main 65S0.
' HFTLP WANTED — FEMALE Con.
COOK, no washing. t=an Rafael .-**?
Cook. city, no washing isnSa
.T German cooks, citji •• »'m
Laundress, private family, city *J s
Infant nurs<» *.V n
Nurse. 3 chNdr^n. country. . . - .. - • • • ¦ g[J
Crfrman MOT* Ctrl. 4 years old ohild £'¦»
." second girls, ctty. "t^t
Parljr maid, city z^,.
Housework, no w;ts!iintr J;.
Chambermain and waiting, country .. .. "•*-;'
55 house girl*, city Jvn.l count ry. •.;;*-*$¦ -^ '-""
_App!y to J. K. CROSKTT <!c CU.. -.-* fr"tt r
WANTED — Experienced millinery saleswoman.
Apply bctwttn » arM It a. m. at HAbb
BROS'. •
COMPETENT girl; cookine and dr>wr.3tair«
work: wages *.ii>. 21 1 Spruce, bet. t'l^X anJ
Washington: take Sterajnanto-t. car.
[a YOLNG LADY wanted to do dining-room
I work: g<od hours and good pay. Meehan
Hot'!, opp. Home of I'eace Cemetery.
WANTED— A g7rrto~caro~ror child 2»i year*
old; references. Call mornings at 25110 Sac-
ramento st.
GOOD oatmaker for country; steady work. P.
GREENBERO & CO.. Flood buildlnsr
OPERATORS and finishers on custom pants;
good wages, call at once. 131 Rum st.
FIRST-CLASS millinery trimmer; makerm and
apprentices. DINAN. 72 Geary st. ¦_
WANTED— Girl a.i cook; wasea $30. £»•
Third st."
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
1370 Masonic ave.
WANTED — First-class chambermaid and wait-
ress; wages $25. Hotel Miramax, 703 Geary.
WANTED— A chambermaid. 1503 Kentucky
street.
WANTED— Refined, middle- agsd lady, no In-
cumbrance; companion to lady; small wages
and good home; references. Address box
1075. Call office. Oakland. m
WAXTED — First-class Jacket and skirl after-
atlon hands Arply between 9 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS'. :.-¦>¦'¦-¦¦
WANTED — A competent girl for general
housework and cooking. 1622 Geary st.
WANTEI>— First-class waist and coat helpers.
J. EAEIt. 12CO Geary »t.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply a*
Chutes 6 p. m. Wtdnesday; salary no objaot.
FINISHER on custom pants. 13(5 New Mont-
gomery st., room 10. _^__—
NEAT clrl for general housework. 2706 Sac-
ramento st.
GERMAN girl for housework ln small familyi
no children; wages $16. 1132 O'Farrell at.
FIRST-CLASS coat finisher wanttd. 52»
Kearny, room 1. upstairs.
GIRL wanted; light housework; good hom*»
623 Haight St. __^__
GIRL to assist ln housework; small family.
1413B Mason st.
RESPECTABLE young girl fcr housework and
cooking; references; 2 ln family. 2S99 Pine.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recstved at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions ha»
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A^MURRAT^TlEA/DT. 634-630 Clay St.
Phone Main 6*48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
DO YOU SPEAK
Italian, German, Spanish,
Greek, French, Swiss?
REDUCED RATES. Cheap Fawss t*
— $5—
NEVADA. NEVADA,
To Nevada Stats.
8 hours day. Government work — 8 hours day.
25 teamsters: ship to-night; $2 day.
10 laborers; ship to-night.
t|Rockmen, drillers. Irrigation ditdi.
Nevada State.
Government Work.
Ship To-night.
To Arizona.
Ship To-night.
Close to Pretcott; 910 miles; 19 ldl
SCO laborers, drillers, rockmen, eta
Prescott. Arizona — Ship dally.
Woodchoppers.
25 woodchoppers, different Jobs.
12 Germans or Austrian to chop wood.
12 men to chop wood and make posts, north.
Look'.
Boy for store. $8 week. 25 Tunnelmen.
2 boys, painting, tittles experience, $3 to
$!> week; 3 boys, learn different trades. $4
to $5 week; gardener, flowers and vegetables.
$40; 6 teamsters, fare $1 5f». $1 75 day; dai-
ryman, Pluraas County, $40 and found.
MINES
Gold, Silver.
Coal. Copper.
56 single and double hand miners. $32 SO to
fMt
12 machine miners, pood mines. $90.
I'arpenter for mine. $105.
Drill sharpener for mine; cement finisher.
* MILKERS. Etc.
16 milkers, different jobs, $;if». $35, $40 fd.
Italian. SwIm milker, $35 and found.
FARMERS — CHOREJ1EX — LABORERS
MEN AND WIVE3.
3 farmers and wives. $40. $."f» and $60 fd.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
9 cooks, different hotels, ranches, mines, etc..
$30 to $65; 6 waiters, bell, elevator boys,
$15 to $10 fd.
Porters —DISHWASHERS— ROUSTABOUTS
2 laundrymen, extra good Jobs, $15 week.
3 butchers, country Jobs. $30. $40. $50 fd.
Slaughterhouse butcher. 60c fare. $45 found.
Butter-makera. south. $35 and found.
BT MIDNIGHT.
Mall. Phono. Telegraph.
House, private man, $i!0; 2 hotel porters, $i0
found; 2 caulkers, floor work, factory, $2 50
day; 2 milkers. Marln County, together,
$27 50 found; milker. 30 cows, fare $3 75.
$40 found: apprentice. laundry. far« 10c, $15
found: man. merchandise storo and drlvs
wagon. $12 week; blacksmith, woodworker,
near city. $16 week.
4 carpenters, 8 hours day, Ji day
2 carpenters for caulkers' work, factery.
$2 50 day.
Rivet heater and boiler maker. $3 and $4 day
LOOK!
Mechanical draughtsman, $3 to $3 50 day
Machinist and blacksmith, factory. $3 day
3 bakers' helpers, $20, |23, $30 found
Butcher, shop, fare 40c, $.".5 found
Gardener, choreman, private, $^5 found
12 laborers for gold mine, $37 M
3 machine, baby machtne. miners, $2 75 day
MURRAY ft READY.
• <KU and 636 Clay St.
______
AT C. R. HANSEX & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
SFECIAL TO- DAT ONLY— BOSS HERE.
Fee $1 Far* $5
Teamsters, laborers, rockmen, drillers. $2-$2 B0
For Nevada. 8 Hours. For Nevada.
Barkeeper. $50; beer drawer. $33.
Houseman, country hotel, $23.
• C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush St.
MILKER. $40 anil found: Ironer and polisher.
Tyler machine, $15 week; clay temperer Col
brick yard; farmer and wife; machinist. »
day; Iron molder, $3 50 day; carpenters, $-''.
day; kitchen man, country hotel. $G0; ranch
cook $30; restaurant cook; elevator boy and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacra-
mento st.
A BAKER for country hptel: $6O and found:
see boss here Friday morning early. MI39
PLUNKETT^25 Sutter st.. near Powell.
A— HOTEL % GAZETTE.^"o"MonTgomerVrr.~i2^
Second ctfQk. $70; bell boya. $15.
WANTED-^-For U. 8. army, able-bodied on-
- married ! men, between agea of 21 and «;
citlzeca '<rf United States, of good character
and trmperatt habits, who c*a speak, read
• r<? write English. For Information apply to
Recruiting Of3cer. Rlaito building. New
Montgomery st.. San Fraaelsco, or 1023 Sec-
ond st-. : Sacrarrento.
A— I* ¦/- '' ; ft
Men to learn the barber trade In two raontht
and sturs good positions; catalogue- and Cofl
Information mailed fre«. MOLER System
Ccl!ejte. «W5 Clay st.
WANTfcD— Experienced trimming, lace an.l
fano>'i suods man: one capable of manaKt:)4
stock' and wllllnc to go to Loa An?eie*;
state i a**, exnertence and salary ezpectmi.
AppJjf box No. 44L'C. ' •
FOR Nevada— 1 foreman. $.•}; 1 blacksmith SI
29 4-,hors» skinners. $2 25. Special Induce-
ments* regarding refunding of fare. HORi:
& SMITH, 85 Third st. . <»¦""•
BOY lfl to IS years old wanted to attend sods
fountain; wages ?fi week to begin; must livi
at home with parents. Inquire between I
and H> a. m.. S1O Market st.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room TT
: . fifth fl<30r. 3/13 Larkln st., for free Informatlor
as to .positions, salaries, age Ilmlt3. etc.; daj
¦ cr evenings.
YOUNCJ men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenter*
greeri,' hands', for shins. HERMAN'S. 2".
Steuart st. ' .
COATM.AKER for country. Apply RElsi
BROS 1 . & CO.. 21 Sutter St.
WANTKD— Tailor for general work; goo-i
. wagfys. VAN PER MAELEX. Sag Rafael.
' WANTED — Good. American barber; nnios
I wa» "s. Address A, Call offlco, San Jos*.
YOU CAN BUY OR SELL
WITH EQUAL FACILITY BY PLACING
THE RIGHT SORT OF AN ADTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. , WEDNESDAY. MARCH 16. 1904.
13
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
IN REAL~EiiTATE".~
SOMETHING NEW IN HEAL ESTATE.
Entire Western Addition Block Offered ix
Subdivislcns.
43 EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
.43 EXTRA LARGE LOTB.
PRICES $1650 TO $1S5O.
PRICES $1650 TO S1S50.
Terms — One-fifth cash, balance In 1. 2, S
and 4 years.
" An exceptionally handsome Western Addi-
tion block has Just been cut up into 45 extra
large lots, most of which are 33:4x120. Tho
block is near the corner of FirJt ave. and
California st.. and can easily be reached by
the Eddy-st. nnd Sacramentc-st. cars. Get
off at First ave. The conditions surrounding
the pale of this property are different from
thr> usual manner of selling property of this
t?hriracter.
Mr. i. C. Jordan, the owner, has Imposed
the following conditions, which are to be rlg-
idli- enforced :
No building will be allowed on th«>. block
which will cost less than $3<XK>.
No building- shall be erected for objection-
able purposes. Including stores, livery stables,
coalyards, schools, churches, etc.
No three-story flats win be allowed.
If vou want to secure a nice residence* Bite
or make a good Investment the above common-
sense restrictions will insure not only th« ad-
vance In value of lots in this block, but will
al?o protect any one who builds. Thousands
of people In the past few years have built
desirable homes and have been damaged or
ruined for tbe lack of just such protections.
In all other large cities In th" United States
the best property is scld under similar condi-
tion!", which are of benefit to all.
Special attention Is called to the targe lots.
It Is cheaper to build on a large lot than on a
small one, as it does away with the unsightly
and unsatisfactory light wells and shortens the
building, besides giving a more artistic appear-
ance on the outside. The Interior arrangement
la much better and you secure an abundance
of llcht and sun.
The large lots and the restrictions under
which the land is sold will Insure good neigh-
bors and an advance In the value of your
property. These, however, are not the only
facts which will advance the property. The
block is exceptionally well located. Is level
and all the streets are graded, sewered and
macadamized and are all 80 feet wide. The
pr« % p»rty is right on the line of the city's
growth and the prices asked. $.10 to $55 a
front foot, are extremely low, as property
within a block or two Is nelllnc for from two
to three times the price asked for this.
An unusually splendid car service Is already
at hand, including the Eddy-st. electric, the
Sacramentost. cable, the Sutter and Clement-
st. line and the Geary and Callfornla-st. lines.
The last two- are soon to be changed Into
electric systems.
These are only a few of the .points to which
we wish to call your attention. We urgently
request you to make an Immediate inspection
of this property, and believe that if you do
you will agree 'With us that the property pre-'
sents nn unusual nnd unequaled opportunity
for either a homeseeker (Including 2 flats) as
well as an excellent Investment. If you will
look ahead for a year or two and take Into
consideration the rapid growth of the city
in this direction you will undoubtedly become
a purchaser.
Our agent Is on the ground on Sundays with
diagrams.
LVON & HOAG, 11C Montgomery St.
SPECK & CO..
200 Montgomery St.
200 Montgomery St.
209 Montgomery St.
Real Estate Agents and Rent
Collectors.
$110,000 — Rents $0600 annually; secured lease;
modern building': vicinity Taylor and
Burn; lot 55x137:0 ft.; exceptionally
good investment.
POLK ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$25,000 — Stores and apartments: 40 feet front-
age; rents $1SO: pays over 7 per cent.
"lAYES ST. INVESTMENT.
$24,000— Rents $1CS; 37:0 ft. front; 2 front-
ages: near Lacuna at.: want offer.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$16,500— O'Furreli st., east of Van Nes*s ave.;
l>ays 10 oer cent net by assuming
S'.ii'ntO bank mortgage; rents $115; lot
two frontages; cheapest buy
east of Van Ness.
$13,500-— Modern flat?, near Fillmore and Wal-
. -. ler: rents ?122; lot CO feet frontage.
• "" • BIG INTEREST- PAYING FLATS.
$25,000— Corner Western Addition: rents $230;
lot 37:CxS3; splendid new building.
$22,500 — One-half block ffom Market ft.: rents
¦ '*" $171; fine 'Improvements: lot 75x100.
$19,000 — Annual rents $2185: Golden Gate
ave. modern bay-window Hats; lot
00x137:0.
$13,500— Rents $1410 yearly; 4 new flats; near
Park Panhandle; lot 37:0x112:8.
$10,000 — Two beautiful Post-st. Hats; close to
Gough; 30 ft. frontase: always rented;
yearly rcr.ta $90O.
$9,250 — Rents $:>6 50: business property near
Cth and Harrison sts.; lot has two
frontages.
$0,000— Vicinity 8th and Mission; 3 flats;
rer.ts $50: building in first-class condi-
tion; lot 24:6xS4 it.
SPECK & CO.,
200 Montbomery St. *¦
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200— Incomparable "Oceanside Lots";
on official grade; unobstructed view of
ocean and park; all bargains; easy terms;
see them to-day; get off cars cor. 47th ave,
and H street.
$75 to $250— Near Park and ocean; $5 monthly.
Oceartslde Branch Office, cor. 40th ave,? and
K Bt.; open Sundays and holiday*.
$500 to $1000 — Choicest Sunset lots for build-
Ins; graded and sewered; $10 monthly.
$250 to $850 — Superb Richmond lots, opposite
new "Spreckels Lake"; matchless view;
don't miss this opportunity; Installments.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H. st.
$150 to $500 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots;
$5 monthly.
$1200 to $3500— Modern cottages in Sunset,
Richmond, Oceanside and Excelsior Home-
Btead. districts; easy terms.
SOL. GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers.
- lloom 54, fourth floor. Chronicle building.
FOR SALE.
Beautiful well-built cottage of 7 rooms,
bath and fine basement; brick foundation;
close to 1 lines of care; see the owner; call
before noon. 22." Third ave., Richmond Dis-
trict.
$2150 — COTTAGE of 5 rooms, bath and base-
ment; Jersey St.. .near Diamond; near car
line.
$4000 — Eureka-st. cottage of 8 rooms and
basement; lot 50x120; bargain. JOSEPH
STRAUB, C30 Slarket et.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghaii'bld.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot-
JS per month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
stallments lees than- rent; send for circular.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots in the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level, no
grading to do; ready to build your little home
on; clo«e to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery St., Room 5.
81850 — NEW cottage of 5 r. and b. ; 2 blocks
from 2S»th and Mission sts., on Prospect ave.-
street work done; fine view; will loan $1400
on this with ecsy payments.
D. COFFIN & CO., 8303 Mission at.
$6500— NEW cozy homes Just completed; bar-
galr.r: beauties; see them;. Clayton st., south
of Frederick; Masonlc-ave. cars to the door;
transfer at HalBht or Oak st. J. STIEHLEN
owner, on premises; phone Page 0461.
BUILD on your • unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at C Der cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
j HOUSE on corner lot; handsome home- stable,
etc.; for Bale cheap. 800 First ave. .,
PLUMBING, new or old; estimates iriven
AHLBACH A MAYER. 836 Howard st.
¦ SX*mAGlC AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.TfuraltureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
PIfiRCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
tlce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
•' disc. 333 Golden Gate ave.; Phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. P. W ; Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Mo-'ne Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 231.
¦BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
¦ St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cuf rates.
LEGAL' ADVERTISEMENTS.*
BIDS are Invited to supply material for and
construct a two-story brick' warehouse ut
•; North . Beach. Plans and specifications -on
¦ .file at: the Builders' Exchange and at ¦ this
office. Ill Front 'St.. this city.' CENTRAL
CALIFORNIA CANNERIES.
PEHSO\AI,S. I
A frekh. smooth and young looking face.
With a tea!, genuine "baby skin."
Dcn't forget the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 781 O'Farrell Bt., near Larktn.
Call or write for book. free.
"Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS to order at Jl weekly. We have
contracts with leading bouses to take all
their thort ends, called remnants. We make
you a nne suit en Installments cheaper than
ethers do fcr rush. LEON LEMOS. merchant
tsllor. U27 Market Ft., bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of. New York School of Massage
Osteopathy: vapor and electric baths: face
vibrating machine for rheumatism: genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 116 Taylor.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth. stops falling. cures dandruff
and Itching rcalp: no ftaln or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' '.ac-
cept no eubetltue. Star Remedy CO..133S Polk.
INFORMATION wanted of John Driver, or
Samuel Driver: John Driver is a cripple, age
about r>0 yoars; Samuel Driver is some years
younger: information of their present resi-
dent will b« reworded. L. HARRIS. 140D
Wfbstpr st.. San Francisco. Cal.
A — Microtine. a positive cure for catarrh, cold
In the head, hay fever-, headache, and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample,
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO... 272 Oth.
TKR infallible system; the only copyrighted
successful method of keeping ahead of the
racps; good fortver; price 51. Sold only by
riTTP, 100S Market St.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine end all drug dis-
ea.««>s positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
812 Shot well; consultation free; call or ¦writw.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
ail blemishes removed; shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post parlors 13 and 14.
Cancerous lumps, fores. Impure blood (affecting
fkln. mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
rkilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
AT less than coot, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tail'.r. 721 Market st.
SOCIAL dances W»d.. Thurs.. 6at. and Sun.:
classes Mondays, Fridnys. Louise Foster's
School cf Dancing, 1536 Market, nr. Larkln.
Suprtfluous hair and moles removed by electric
needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 720 Market.
LIQUOR habit cured In two days or no charse
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. 997 Market sti
Actina restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 10th, nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 369 Sut-
ter. r. -609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 3H.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1; at all druggists'.
FRENCH massage in exchange for English
lessons. Box 4519. Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has be«n
opensd at 1CC8 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. •
PALJUiTHY.
MADAM DEVA8. — —
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBE3
BUILDING. 139 POST ST.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 313
Taylor ft., near Geary. Phone Black 501.
PAIXTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. (4 up; tinting. painting.
Hartrrann Paint Co.. 810 Third: tel. Main 4U.
PROPOSALS. ~' ~~
UNIVERSITY of California, Berkeley— Notice
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men —
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the- materials for grading, leveling
and terracing certain portions of the grounds
of the. Affiliated Colleges of the University
of California, fronting on Parnassus
avenue, San Francisco, Cal., and said
bids will be received at the office of
the Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at
or b»fore 12 o'clock m. of March 18. 1904.
Plans and specifications for said grading
have been adopted and may be examined
dally at the of floe of N. BLAISDELL, room
IS 222 Sansome st.. San Francisco, from
y a. m. until 4 p. tn.
Bids must be In the, form contained In the
specifications. No bids will be considered
unlt-rs accompanied by a certified check or
bond of oldder. In favor of the Re-
gents of the University of California, equal
to ten (10) per cent of his bid, with sufficient
Furet'.es. conditioned that If said bid be ac-
cepted the bidder will duly enter Into a
proper contract and bond to perform the duty
and obligations In accordance with said bid
and with the plans and specifications, which
are hereby required to be a part of «uch
contract. The right to reject any and all bids
is hereby reserved.
By order or the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON,
Acting Secretary.
CONSTRUCTING Quartermaster's Office.
Vancouver Barracks, Wash.. Feb. 15. 1904. —
Sealed prop'^als. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 a. m March 17.
1904, and then opened ,ln the presence of
attending bidders, for constructing. plumb-
Ing, heating, gas piping, electric wiring and
gymnastic apparatus for a gymnasium and
post exchange at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.
Plans and specifications and full information
will be furnished on application to this of-
fice. Plans may also be seen at the office
of the' quartermaster at Seattle, Wash., and
at Fort Wright, Wash. The United States
reserves the right to accept or reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. En-
velopes should be Indorsed "Proposals for
Public Building at Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.," and addressed to Captain W. C.
WREN, Constructing Quartermaster, Van-
couver Barracks, Wash.
PROPOSALS for hay and oats — OfHcV Depot
Quartermaster, San Francisco. Cal., 36 New
Montgomery st., March 15, 1604. Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, subject to usual condi-
tions, will be received here until 12 o'clock
noon, April 15, 1904, and then opened, for
furnishing and delivering at San Franclaco,
Cal.; Seattle or Tacoma, Wash., or Portland;
Or., twenty-three hundred and eighty-two
(2382) tons of hay. and twenty-five hundred
and forty-six (254G) tons of oats, subject to
an Increase or decrease of 25 per cent. United
States reserves right to accept or reject any
or all bids, or any part thereof. Further In-
formation and blank, proposals furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
to be marked "Proposals for Hay and Oats,
No. 2155" and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL, Q. M., U. S. Army. Depot Quarter-
master. ¦
PROPOSALS for plumbing supplies — Depot
Quartermaster's Office, No. S6 New Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco,. Cal.. March 15,
1904. Scaled proposals. In triplicate, subject
to usuai conditions, will be received here
until 12 o'clock m., Thursday, March 31, 1904,
Pacific Standard time, and. then opened, for
furnishing pipe and fittings for Fort Mc-
Klnley, P. I. The United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or- all bids, or
any part thereof. Information and blank
proposals will be famished on application.
Envelopes containing: proposals to be marked
•'PrrrpoEal No. 2027" and addressed -to
MAJOR C. A. DEVOL. Q. M., U. S. Army,
Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., March 14, 1004—
Sealed proposals In triplicate will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. April 14,
1904, and then opened; for construction of
frame subsistence storehoii£c nt the Infantry
Cantonment, Presidio o£ San Francisco, Cal.
Government reserves the right to reject or
accept any or all bids In whole or In part.
Information furnished on application to WM.
6. PATTEN, Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
cral. Chief Q. M.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~ ~
AMERICAN Can Company — A dividend of 2V4
per cent has this day been declared upon the
preferred stock of this company, payablo on
April 1. 1904 to stockholders of record at tha
cloee of business March 21, 1004. The trans-
fer books will be cloeed as to the preferred
stock from March 22 to March 31, both days
Inclusive. Checks will be ¦ mailed.
B, H. ISMON. Secretary.
March 10. 1904. : - . - .¦;
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
Zing Society, Cth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
Vimtldlng, 70S Market St., opposite Third—
Por the half year ending 31st of December,
1003. a dividend has been declared at tha
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates.
free of taies. payable on and afUr SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JO8EPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
T YFE WIHTERS^AXD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Ecpith Premier, $23; other "typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 60. The
Typewriting Exchange 536 California st.
A FEW grocd typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont,
goroery st. ¦
2D-HAND typewriters sold.- rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 008 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly CalT
10 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. SI cer year.
VIsrEM.AXKOrs FOR **I.f f~nt%
2D-BAND mnchinpry. boilers, engines, punps.
pulleys, shaftir.g. etc.. etc.. bought, sold.
rentfd nnd «xcl\inped: see Sunday papers
H. S. WHITE MCHV. CO.. 130-132 Beale Bt.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
rcofs with Afbcstcs Rocf Paint: guaranted
to Etop all leaks In the cne and preserve tho
new. 205 Front st. ; tel. Main 142S.
A— FINK ?uits. 1 7 50; dress pants, J2 5O. Orlpl-
ral Mitfit Clorliins Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
near BuFh: open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS. *ells or rents gear machinery, en-
tines, boiler*, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. i'5::-255 Spear st.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 60 hats. Jl 60.
Popular Price Hatt r r, -TJO Kearny st.. near
Pine: open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes Rt $1 snd $1 M> pair;
foot-fornj fhecs at ?2 T>0; wo pay express
charces. 11 .'M St.. Exam, bid.: catntOR fre«.
3&c ??OLL find up; fine wall pap»r: samples
ms!!e4; pctntlas, tinting. pap?rlng. M. MER-
I0AN. 1.102 Webfter. Tel. Jark>on 1"21.
EAR Oxturet cf th» Rockingbam, Powell and
CFarreH fu=., for sale -
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watch's;
easy pr>ym«-r.t*. GAFITN. W3 Hay ward » !<1sr.
FOr. sal?— Piano, music box, organ, hnrn<-ss
and rrouein hou^e. 422 Orange St.. Oakland.
FOR rp.le — Plumber's tcois. grinding stone and
barbers* chairr. J»53 Howard st.
Encye! ptvh.a Britannic*: Scribner edition; half
mo<-occo. Kire'e O!<1 Book-tore. 61 McAllister.
GASOLINE er.fir.eE bought. Fold, exchanged,
r«T«ired. Sykes-Ccrson Co.. 254 Beale st.
15 A FES sr.d cat>h registers, new and second-
•Vhand. I. FREEMAN. 1129 Market st.
DFFKS tx-ughf. soli and exchansed. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. ~S2 Mission; tel. Bush 467.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
__I2 h p.. che?p. E. B. Beck A Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcatoes. Twentieth
Onturles, Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 0X1 Market.
DESKS and Fares; cee the complete line at 1S16
Market. *b. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
"'VN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
h«rtr>lng Rullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
«r Co.. ir2 Market *t.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all tifs. .T. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
rr,»W«. ALKXANI1ER * CO.." 110 Mnrtg'y
HISCELLAXEOIS WAXTS.
WANTED — Light steel or Iron rails, oisrht vr
twelve jound. In eood condition. EDWARD
A. ELLSWORTH. Niles. Cal.
WANTED — To buy dairy, with or without
cows; near city. Address 255 Slates st., city.
SHOES wanted: misfit & castcfT; highest prcs.;
new & :M hand Fhcwe for sale. 749 Mission.
BOOKS ar.d libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st.; phone Jefsle 3741, or postal.
I PAY hlshest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clot:. ing; send postal. MORRIS. 943 Folsom.
TILTON want* good second-hand clothing and
thentrlrai goods. 154 nth St.: t"l. J»ssle 2S51.
MOXEV TO, LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-C02-C03 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements: no -disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, eevonti mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Pee HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY <INC).
CONTROL $1,000,000.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST 0 PER CENT.
FIRST, SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-8-9-10-11. CROCKER BUILDING, S. F.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mcrtpage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, tows
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars.
of property or chatttls.
Location, etc.
Box 40S. Call office.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business la
4f. principal cities. Tolman, C53 Parrott bldg.
'ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security: no com.:
fairtst rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. C8 Donoboe bide.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
900 Market; tel. Main 1C44. Branch, 19 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery st., rm. 7.
M. JACOBSON & CO.. financial brokers. Emma
Epreckels bldg., rm. C21'; loans and all other
financial matters negotiated: confidential.
MONEY to lean on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls an1 precious stones bought
at W. J. HnSTHAL'S. 10 Sixth %U
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 10.1 Grant av«..
. LOANS FROM tl TO *10.000.
NEW eary method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49, Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianoe; strict
privacy ;r.o commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $1.% up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER- cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market et.
ETAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employee. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned FSlarled people on notea without
Indon-er. MORELL. KM Examiner hull.llr.g.
)1O.\EV WASTED.
$2500 WANTED one year; good security. Box
4:a<i. Call office.
Ml'SICAl, INSTRUMENTS.
B^VR^AlNTlN^E^O^B^i^NDnPLtNO^AS'
FOLLOWS:
Two Stelnway, one Chickerlngr. one Sterling,
one Kaines Bros., two Steck. one Stelnway
gracd and one Steck grand; also many other
pianos from $75 up and square pianos from $10
up. all fully guaranteed.
I3EXJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A CLEARANCE «ale of upright pianos from
$S0 op; greatest bargains ever offered In San
Xrar.cisco; all makes. We rent upright
I.lanoa for Jj2 per month; new at $.{ per
month: all money paid applies on purchase
Heine Piano Co., 2X5-237 Geary st. Oakland
o'J'Jri«s 2252 Broadway. - .
ONLY piano hou?e In tbe city tbat will rent
you a new piano for >.°l p^r month and allow
0 months' rent and . cartage off purchase
price; sole acent» for McPhail. Schiller and
other make*. SCOTT-CURTAZ. GCO Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) win b» sold to pay ttorage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. ltgMJ Market St.
BMALL pianos for small apartments; great
tone; rent or sale. Eyron Mauzy, 30S Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
— "21^ -_SCHMITZ & CO.. 1C McAllister St.
3-1'EUAU^tiEway up. ;Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonl^cr. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'FarreU.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
moet given away. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
A FISCHER upright piano lor sale; good as
new; t!35. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ccclllan piano
player. BYRON MAU7.Y. ¦'iOS-312 Post fct.
_rilVSICIA.\S AXD SUHtlEOXS.
DP.. C. C. O'DdNNEL,L^o7ncT7n«rre9idenc«
1021 M Market st.. b«t. Cth and 7th- particu-
l«r attention paid to v dlseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073K Market tU *«*«*"*
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herd doctor
treats all diseases of the human body- for
past four yeprs at 115-117 Mason; now l»-
cate-*. st 667 G»ary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of. frerbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATBUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE . corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
i cases cured by Chinese herbs. 74C-8 Clay sU
JeanMte E. Thomas, 2P. 19 Polk street.
• harles H. Rrown. 39. 1400 Sutter street.
and Alice E. Baehman, 27, 232.T P*v1rad>ro sr.
Artgtlo St-fanem. 25. 215 Broadway, and
Glr>vanna Caviglia. 19. 517 Tarolln* street.
Abe- Beelard. 33, VaravlHe. and Jessie I.
Rusyell. 10. Varavllle.
William O'Leary. XI. 41« Broadway, and
Dcllie Fhmney. 13. 41ft Broadway.
EIRTBS—ilARBIABES— DEATHS.
Birth, maniace and death notices sent by
mall will net be Inserted. They must bo banded
in at either of tbe cubllcatlon offices and b-»
Indorsed with the name and residence of p«r-
sens authorised to have the same pubilsasd.
.Notices restricted simply t> the announcement
of the event ar« published ence In this colunaa
fre* of charge.
BORX.
EICHENBERO — Tn Alameda. Cal.. F«bni>»rr
14. 1£K>4, to the wife of Dr. W. A. Elchen-
b?r«r. a daushW.
JOHNSON— In this city, March 11. 10*1. to
the wife cf Sidney A. Jnhnscn. a daughter.
FATNE— In this olty. Marrh 15. 1904. tt> tha
wife of Captain Herman T. Fayne. a son.
RIPPLE-ln this city. March 14. 1904. to tha
wife of L. C. Rupple. a son.
SfSKI— la this <-Uy. March 6. 190*. to tha wlfo
of Feter M. Suski, a daughter.
WILS0N-*In this city. March 14, itXU, to ths
wife of t>. W. Wilson, a son
MARKIED.
KOEP.HER— RAY-nn this city. Manrh 14.
1W4, by the Rev. W e. Srhmutzl-r. Adolpn
A. Koerher and Lillian Ray, bcth of Saa
Jose, Cal.
LEONARD— JONES -In this city. March ».
1S>O4. by the Rev. William Rarter. Harry
Worthir.gton Leonard of ?acramento and
Miss Ella Ir»rm J..n><i of San Francisco.
IHED.
Allison. Elizabeth Jarkson, Farrar
Badgfr. William G. K«>lly. Mary
Ponnomnrt, rhn*. M. Kfirsbera;. Os-ar W.
Ca»»a«jn»ttr\ Fr»<l Langr. May
Chase. William V. Millar. Steven M.
Panos. Anna Mill. William W.
Fitzpatrlck. J >hn H. O'rsara. Patrick T.
Gallegrs, Manuela O'Hara, Frank
(ilueck, Qaocga I'tfti-r. Maria
Hail. Gtorga l>. Pepin. John J.
Hanley. Mrs. Ella Porta. O. E.
Hickey, Mary Ann Portaona, Janet S.
Houston. «'arter Kohrer. Minna
Huches. Rtenzl s'ten, Atlolph 3.
Hushesr Kertha. Wilson, Jennie
Isakson. Axel
ALLISON— In this city. March 13. 10C4. EH*.
¦ abeth Allison, beloved wife of Thomas s.
Allison. dauKhter of Mr. and Mrs. James
Patterson and eister of Mrs. T. J. Gough.
James Patterson Jr., Mrs. W. H. Hamilton
and Maymee an.l William Patterson, a na-
tive of can Francisco. •
C^Frlends are respectfully Invited t« at-
t»n<l the fun»ral services to-day iwVodnes-
<!ay). at 1 oVlnok. at her late residence, ICl
Greenwich street. Interment Cypreas Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BADGER— In this city, William Oilman
Badger, beloved father of Mr* Edward L.
Burlinsame, Mrs. Geurce W. Caswell and
Mrs. Henry S. Fcote Jr., a native of Charles-
town, Mass.. aged 83 years.
CTFrlonds ami acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the services at Gra>. «s
Church to-day « Wednesday), at 2 o'clock.
Incineration at Odd Fellows' Crematory.
BONNEMORT— In Oakland. Cal.. March H.
iaC4, Charles M., beloved husband of Mar-
garet lionnemort. and father of Charles N.,
Edgar Jonnle J. and Eva M. lionnnnort ami
Mrs. M. B. Glil»lan an<l Mrs. E. D. Plssla,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 71 years 1
month and 17 days.
If^Krlencls are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day ( Wednesday ).
at 2 o'clock, from his late resilience, UM
Jackson street. Interment private, Oakland
Crematorium.
CASTAGNETTO— In this city. March VI. 1004,
Fred, dearly beloved «on of Elizabeth and
the late Gtivar.nl Cas>tagnetti>. and lovins
brother of Ed, George and Walter Castag-
netto and Mrs. Jmv.es A. Devoto, a native
of San Francisco, aged 23 years 4 months
and 17 days.
IC7The funeral will tak* place Wednes-
day, March Hi. at 11 o'clock, from his laia
residence. 12.14 Dui-ont street. Interment
Italian Cemetery.
CHASE— In this* city. March 12. 1»C», Wil-
liam Vickery Chase, beloved husband of May
L. Chaae. father o? Fred J., William V. Jr..
Laura and Dorothy Chaae, and brother of
Harry F.. Thomas IX. Malcomb J\ and
Samuel B. Chaae and Mrs. Jf-rume Walden.
a native of San Francisco, aged 47 years 3
months and 25 days.
U^Funeral services wll! be he!d \\ ednes-
day, March 1«, at 2 o'clock, from the chapel
of N. Gray & Co.. 3.53 Sutter street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
rxvNOS — In this- city. March 14, 10O4, Anna.
Danes, wife of the late J. B. Danus. and
mother of Mrs. W. C. Errett and the lat»
Mrs. M. A. Wheelan. a native of County
Cavan. Ireland, ased 70 years.
C3"The funeral will take p!ace to-day
(Wednesday), at S..50 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7U7 Mission
street, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
where a retjuiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the reocse of her soul, at !>
o'clock^ Interment private. Holy Cross
.' Cemetery.
FITZPATRICK— In this city, March 15. 19C4.
John Henry, beloved son of Elizabeth and
the late Hugh Fitzpatrtck, and loving brother
of James. Hugh, Frank and George Fitz-
patrick and Mrs. P. McDonald, a native of,
¦ San Francisco, aged 27 years.
(CTFrientis and acquaintances are respect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 7:43 o'clock, from his lata
residence. 101S Alabama street, thence to
St Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
high ma:-s will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, at S:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GALLEGOS — In this city, March 15, 1801.
Manuela Gallesos, a native of San Jose.
Costa Rica.
CJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services at
the Church of Xotre tfame des> Vlctolres, Bush
street, between Stockton and Grant avenue,
at 0:^0 o'clock, on Thursday. March 17. In-
terment private. Please omit flowers.
GLUECK— In this city. March 15. 1904.
George, beloved husband of the late Annie
Glueck, and devoted father of Mrs. C. Na-
gel Mrs. L. Hawes. Mrs. G. Thompson. Mra.
Oliver O'Brien. Mrs. E. Lawlor and George
Glueck Jr. and the late Mrs. W. Beguhl. a
native of Germany, aged 53) years :» month*
and S days. A member of Verein Eintracht
and Box-makers' and Sawyers' Interna-
tional Union, Local 162.
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlora
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Boniface's Church tor service* at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALL— In Alameda, Cal.. March 15, 1904.
George D. Hall, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 68 years 2 month* and 15 days.
ElTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day March 17, at 2 o'clock, from his lat»
residence, 2246 San Jose avenue. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
H\NLEY— In this city, March 15. 1904. Mn».
Ella A. Hanley. beloved wife of D. J. Han-
ley daughter of- Henry and Gertie Grlraen-
stein and sister of John. Frank and .Elms
Grtmenstein and the late Annie Grimensteln.
also sister of Mrs. W. H. Shaysr. a native of
Redwood City, aged Zi years 5 months and
11 days.
HICKET— In this city. March 14. 1904. Mary
Ann beloved wife of James Hickey. loving;
mother or Margaret. Mamie. Patrick, Nora.
Katlo. Loretta and James Hlclcey, Mrs. An-
nie Raycmft and the late Daniel Hickey.
daughter of Ellen and the late Dennis- No-
lan, and sister of Willie, Patrick. Louis am?
Catherine Nolan and Mrs.. E. T. Hickey and
Mrs. H O'Neil. a native of Sherkla Island.
County Cork. Ireland, aged 52 years. .
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 15») South Park, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will b»
celebrated fcr the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross- Cemetery.
HOUSTON — In this city, March 15. 1904, Car-
ter Houston. b»!oved husband of Jennie B..
father of Charles J. Houston, and brother
of Mrs. W. H. Smith, a native of New Hamp-
shire. aKed 61 years.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of A. W. Martin A Co.. un-
dertakers, «1» O'Farrell street.
HUGHES — In this city. March 13. 1904.
Bertha, beloved wife of William N. Hughes,
a native of Naw York, agad 54 years. A
member of New Century Clrcla No. 513. C.
O. F. of A.
ETTrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, March 1U. at 2 o'clock, from the chapel
of J S. Godeau. 3C5 Montgomery avenue.
thence to the Alcazar building. 120 O'Far-
Conttnuctl on Page Fourteen.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO
(Successors to FUnnagan A Gallaghers
DANIEL P. DONOVAX. Mjtt.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
"20 Fifth st.. opostte Lincoln ScaooL
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— --Funeral* Directors and Embalmerj
Formerly In Metropolitan Tempi*.
NOW at 8«W MISSION. Tei. South 1ST.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth sC
Finest Equipments at ModeraM Ratssv j
RI-2AL ESTATE Country For Sale.
~~"\VTT WJbJTK
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
515,500 — 103 acres; all level; 1 mile of town;
Contra Costa County; elegant »-room house; 2
large barns: 7 poultry houses; 2 large gran-
aries; income about $3000 a year; best ranch
in the county.
?oO,000 — Kiamath Co., Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on BiK Kiamath Lake; 3000 acres; cut
about <U00 tons of hay annually; also large
quantities of grain; well fenced and cross-
lenced; good S-room residence; farming Imple-
ments; lo horses; 3 good barns, etc.
S-IU.OOO— In Sonoma Co.; 600 acres well fenced
In U fields; house ; 3 large barns; dairy house
well watered; iCO acres tillable; all level; z.
acres 8-year-old orchard; 30 head cattle; Jit
hogs; fanning implements, etc.; $M0Q mort-
gage; trade for bay property. {
*27,0OO— In Placer Co.. on R. R.— 16S0 acres, »
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry [
4OO head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 good
barns; farming Implements; 9O head cattle; VZ
head hcrses; plenty water to Irrigate; part cash.
fSoQU — Sold by order of Superior Court. 10S0
acres, near Point Arena, 210 acres fine potato
land; apple orchard; WO acres more could be
planted; SOO acres h«avy timber; well im-
proved and fenced; fine dairy or stock ranch.
$5000 — B*»st ranch in Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 sets good Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses: farming tools; outside range.
$3250^ — Oniy 2 miles of town. 1S5 acres; 10
acres old vineyard; family orchard; 60 acres
clover or alfalfa; under 3 ditches; large new
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch corvs; farming Implements; only
$1000 down.
$2500 — Ito acres near boat and cars, Sonoma
Co.; eood 6-room house:' vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, hcrses, cow, poultry, $200;
job can be had with the place.
?2500— One mile P. O., schools and stores;
255 acres; 40 level; 10 could be irrigated;
house, larpe barn, outhouses; well fenced and
cross-fenced; 150 hens; new buggy, wagon,
farming tools; some stock; 3 wells; water piped
to buHdincs; furniture.
$45CO — Two and a half miles live town and
R. R.; 400 acres; 40 In grain on creek; about
100 acres more bottom land; 10 acres full bear-
Ing: orchard: balance timbered pasture; house,
barn, etc.; fire place for resort or sanitarium;
not far from city.
$r.000 — 3 miles cf Eanta Crm: 47 acres; 18
under cultivation, balance fine pasture; 363
as-orted fruit-trees; 1500 grapes; windmill and
tank; water piped to buildings and yards;
splendid 8-room hard-finished house, good
stable and poultry houses; span good horses; 2
cows; 7 dozen hens; single and double buggies
and harness; hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay. »
$2050 — 1C0 acres. S miles of Napa City, 2
miles P. O.; 30 acres under cultivation; 15
acres full bearing fruit; 15 acres fine grain;
t>5 acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky: house, barn, poultry houses,
incubator, brooders, 2 wagons, 2 carts, horse,
cow, poultry, tools.
$3000 — 1C0 acres, at station and near Santa
Cruz; 35 acres clear; orchard; 10- room house;
outbuildings; mortgage $2000; trade equity.
$3500 — Near San Jose; 14 acres bearing fruit,
mostly prunes; facilities for irrigation; build-
ings.
$3250 — 2ft acres sandy loam, only 2% miles of
Petaluma; house. S rooms and bath; part cash.
$750 — Gold mine, with SO-foot shaft and fine
body of ore In sight. El Dorado Co.; assays
$14 a ton; would exchange for vacant lot.'
$2500 — 60 acres; 5 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolllns and
some steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing:; good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$3500 — Near Petaluma; 13 acres; 6-room
house; good outbuildings; tools; wagon and
horse; 10 poultry houses; 460 hens; 2 incuba-
tors and brooders; a money-maker.
$1600^ — Close to Sebastopol : 8 acres, 4 acres
bearing- blackberries; family orchard; good
well; running water: fine Jersey cow; spring
wagon: harness; tools; furniture.
$4500 — Near Sebastopol; 24 acres; all level;
2 flowing streams: C acres apples; 3 acres
blackberries: nice 8-room house, barn; drying
plant: outbuildings; horses; farming tools; ru-
ral delivery. .
$2250 — 10 acres, all in apricots JusP com-
mencing to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
home; half cash.
$1700 — In Sonoma City; 31J acres; all level;
good house, barn, windmill, tank house: 13
poultry houses and yards; some alfalfa; spring
wagon; 500 chickens; feed house. '
Send stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery st.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
FOR sale — Country homes In every county In
California, at all prices, from $450 00 to
$75,000 00. Immense list to select from. If
you want land of any kind call on
rt - HOWE & MERRITT. .
r-t-.-- > 052 Broadway.- Oakland." *
S20 ACRES fine fruit, alfalfa or grain land,
near Winters. Cal. ; property of Good Tern-'
plurs" hovne for orphans; must be sold. Call
or address VOLNEY TAYLOR, 1459 West St.,
Oakland.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
OAKLAND property to exchange for good
country property. P. C. LASSEN. 4GC Tenth
st., Oakland. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NT3
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SNAP — 15- room cottage; bath, pantry, mantel.
folding doors; large closets; gas and elec-
1 trie lights: city water; open plumbing; large
lot, GOxlCO: stable: chicken house; fruit
trees; all fenced and cross fenced; close to
both ferry lines; price $2350; terms. $300
cash: balance $20 monthly.
O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorin Station, South
Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
BATH, pantry, patent closet; bargain; 4-room
bay-window cottage; high basement; brick
foundation; wash trays; city water; street
work done; lot 50x185: fruit trees; flower
garden; chicken hous< etc.; price $2000;
terms $300 cash, balance $18 monthly. O. A,
RUDOLPH, Lcrln Station, South Berkeley.
Oren Sundays.
STOP payinfr rent; 4-room cottage; lot 33x1(10;
street, work done; price $1250; terms $100
cash, balance $14 monthly. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Lorin Station, South Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
ON sunny side of Essex St.. one block from
Ashby station, between Adeline and Shattuck
ave.; house of 6 rooms; price reduced $250
for ten days; by owner only. C. R. SHAW.
lGC.fi Eleventh ave.: tel. Brook 130. Make
appointment by mall or telephone.
A. MURDOCH & CO.. South Berkeley station.
for bargains: we build, buy. e»U or exchange.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICER 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL K8TATB.
¦ — ,-. «- .-- _ n _
A SPECIAL .bargain — A fine 7-room cottage,
¦ large lot: all street work done; good location-
easy terms; price $2750. P. C. LASSEN. 4C(J
Tenth st.. Oakland.
$250 DOWN: new home; close to center of
town and handy to new Key Route ferry: 5
and 6 rooms. GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002
Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargalnT"In~furn£
ture. H. Schelhaas.lIthet..cor.store,Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH ave., 615 — 3 good rooms for housekeep-
ing; JS. Apply frlii Grove st.
FOLSOM, nr. Twenty- fourth— First floor of 3
sunny rooms, partly furnished or unfur-
nUhed. with batn. gas, tubs and yard; stable
if desired. Box 4570. Call office.
FOURTH, 491— Front and back parlor for
housekeeping; also double and single rooms.
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furn. sunny front parlor;
single rooms; housekeeping privileges: gas.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 43»— Three housekeep-
ing rooms. ¦
HAWTHORNE, IS. oft Howard, near Third-
bedroom ami kitchen, bath, sink; yard; cheap.
HYDE, 528 — Nicely furnished front parlor
suite: also 3 sunny basement rooms; phone
; Hyde 930.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine —
.. Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
MCALLISTER. 538— Sunny suites: $14 and $7;
gas range; hot bath and laundry.
SIXTH. . 310 — 1 or 2 large sunny rooms and
¦: kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
THIRD 308 — Two grand connecting bay-wtn-
,»dow parlors; $14 only; gas and bath. -
APAKTMEWT HOUSES.
a^^o^d^>vX^p^Cr?m^nt^^^^' w^^ v '"^'
Will be finished March 15.
1C84 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $30 to $45.
Make reservations now. - •
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st.— Modern 3-4-5
, rooms; also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view: references. Phone East 1350.
IROQUOIS Apartments. 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
worth; 2, 3 and 4 rms.; open for Inspection.
HEt.r TV * \TED M VI.K Con.
A -PACIF* " EMPLOYMENT AGEXCT. ~
52<j- slmtcatnery st.— ?2C.
Ph-nc- Main U91— Upstairs!
G>aeral «?"«.. a jrartica! miner, larce mlr*.
.-¦'• r»arty here. S;;Of>.
-. ;-:v.\r»A— S hoars— Ovrernnieat wr> r ic.
?pp*-ia! cheap tare to-d*T>
Teamsters, '^l^rrrs. rtiucJ;rr.«. drillers and
tttaaelmen, $3 10 ?2 3Q toy.
:> sr:r>ri to burn charcoal. .* years' Job. bis
mooty In it; 3 milker*. £?.5 and fraud;
mllki r. 29 r<3t\F. $r,M ap-j tounJ. sii:ih; m'.lk-
rr. rioar dtr. $35 Cti<l fi'Jnd.
CASI1 bttrm ¦R-srted. Appiy r-uperint-nJ^nt'* of-
flce. th* Emporium.
CAItPEXTEB. ™ck and blacksmith wanted.
517 J.t-1 son *t.
<;nEEN' !'«adf an-J sailor* r.-ar:t«<! for «eam-
*rs.* 5T7 Jr:>'-^^nn 5t.
TV LK'lXtV- Y^tijt tr^n fr>r r.hnllnr <-ru!=-? Ap*-
r!y HWTibom Heuf*. 7R Jmrkeon rt.
ELEYATOB l-y. 23 Stockton rt.
tvARDtSR shou for sr.lo; en!', sind fo? U. 24r*;3
ttoefca st,
Wj»NTJ:D — !.«»<Ttrr» mnd mechanics to know
that r.d Hoikin. Reno H..*:*» proprietor, has
adicd 100 new rooms tn t;je Denver House.
21^ Third «t. : 250 rrcrns; 2Sc to 50? per niK'<"-t.
WANTED- Boy s^-Jt 17 to work <n ms-hir.*
fhop *ppK Califrn-nla Fruit Car.ners. Van-
<?*Tra*<°r. nenr Tsy!or.
V.AN'TED — First-clacs man wilh «-jcc«-»srul
ttr-nri ac *a?<:-sir.Jin or d'rpsrtment li»ad. Bo*
4"C7, Call ctf:ce.
GOOD «"ock for chophou*e; must be eober and •
e"*sj5y; *n»«er for 3 days. tJ>37 Park at..
Alamt'la.
WAN*TEIv-P,,rt«- ar.d boot black; boy prc-
r«-rr«<. Areni Barber Shop. 1161 JefTersca
si.. Oakland.
PARRKRP --* rnalr shop st half It* value;
poo'l (raO*; eolnt: out of bus'.r.'-Tf. Address
4M» Twf'.rth «.. Osi'.ar.d.
JV» TOT'XO mm. IS rrsrs of ase. to nnranlze
trlliu>ry orfan-.zaticr.. Call P. SZANIK. 473
Vsl»ncis ft.. b*".«e«a 6 and S i>. m.
PENSION ATTT.. M. HAP.RIS. 40 Ellis «.; 1»
v*-ar»* pru'.-tJc*; r»fercnc*« fr>m thousands of
pfrncTis rcr w!ir>rn I have secured pensions.
TRT our men's »hoes. cr.lon mad", at fl end
Jl SO ralr; font-form fho<*s at f2 B0; we pay
?xpres? or train chsrreF. 11 34 st.. Exam. bid.
BARBERS— For Kale. 6-chair. compressed air
outfit: chrap. 13;;«5 Market st.
FOR tale — 3-chalr barber shop. Inquire WILL
& FINCK.
GERMAN; steady : reference: handy: tend bar.
¦w-ln^house ; ir.arri«>d preferred. Box 22S1, Call.
SOCSra man to hrtp In Grocery More. NW.
cor. Twenty-sixth and Sanchez Bts.
PAILOR.S and ereen hands for Europe and
tteam whalers. LANE'S. 504 Davis Ft.
Pension Atty., E. A. BuMia. r. 40. Phelan bids;.
1'att Com. Cfo. H. Thomss Post. G. A. R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
P.srt*T School. 741 Howard et.
WINCHESTER BoMt, 44 Third »t.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading.- rooms.
fr»* 'bus snd bacsa.Ee to asd from ferry.
A BRANCH of are of The Call for the reception
cf adve»-tisements and subscriptions has been
rpened at IOC* Market «t., opposite Fifth.
« 'pen until 11 o. m.
At'VEBTXSEXEXTS. subscriptions received «t
•"all branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
— • — — ,
A'.X/ eize* men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
sr.ee. 6fi3 MiKion et.. bet 1st ard 2d eta.
C*-:t ycur thoe* half-soled while waiting; 23c
to r.«V. fSC3 Mir«lcn st.. bet, lft and 2d st»
HOUSES A\D AVACOXS.
REGULAR auction 6ales of horses, buggies,
wagcr.s and harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at C15 Ellis et.; all horses guaranteed
to be as represented. S. WATKINS, Auc-
tioneer. Phone Ean 743.
AVCT1ON ssie of hcrses even" Wednesday at
!1 a. m.. S27 Sixth st. : every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR rale— At Eclipse f table. 1375 Eddy Ft..
brood mere, srelzltt 1250: 3 business hcrses;
ttvo cheap carts.
AJ'CTION every Tuesday, 11 a. m.. of horses,
wagons and harness, at 1140 Folsom St.
Al nxrP.E?S wagcri. light camping wagon
ar.d co-cart for sale, cheap. 532 Mission st.
Larpest Rs^crtrct 2d-har;J wagons, buckbd, «rur-
v^y. harriers, ¦n-ork.drlvlrx horses. 15th-Valends..
UOl'SES TO LET.
. A— PRINTFD V.zl of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. l.'MBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
HOUSE en corner lot; handsome home; stable,
ric. : for *ale cheap. frOO First ave.
HOUSE of 3 rooms. $0; near 24th and Castro.
Apply 517 Clipper et.
m<allisti:r, i2ea — 12 rooms, bath and bii-
liard-ruom; SCO; water free; modern.
EF.F. Renting Department M. Friedman & Co.,
'-¦il Pest st., for rice flats and houses.
BEFORE movinr K'-t our printed list of houses
to Ut. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
llOCgBS TO LET — FLUMSHCD.
A— 10 ROOMS, bath, basement, heater, laundry,
large garden, cons *rvatory : sunny side Sac-
ramento fct., near Pierce; will least?. For per-
mit to in*r>*ct apply to EPECK & CO.. 209
Montgomery rt.
LOVELT home to let, furnished, for eight
months; magnificent marine view: M rooms;
hilliard-room and *very convenience; one
Mock from Hyde-st. car*. Apply MISS
HAMILTON. 1513 Wafhington rt.
LOST A\D KOIAU.
A< ¦«:IDENTALLY Icrt at Ingleside Racetrack
oa February 13, 1904. a pearl stickpin; mt-
o;um sized pearl, gold back setting; pin
¦ rw k*-d from use. A suitable reward will be
jaid by communicating with P. O. box
-l<).'{. S^an Francisco.
tOST^-A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan sioriety of San Francisco In the
name of MARSHALL J. FAIRFIELD, No.
The finder will please return to
task.
LOST— 'Small white dop. black spot above tall;
answers by the name of Spot. Finder will
1 derive reward by returnining to 541 McAl-
lister £t.
LOST— On Haj-cs-rt. car or Market, near
K«arr.y. purs* ..-nntainlr.ff beads valued as
fcc-e.;iE8ke. P.t-fjrn to MM Grove st.; reward.
LQ6T— l*ay*jl black puns*, two rings, money,
from t-an Mat<-o to 22d and Bryant; rings
kcrpr,ake. C70 Hampthlre. cor. 19th; reward.
LOST— Black and white bitch sreyhound. Re-
tum jj ,iM iitL*on ft. and receive reward.
LOST— White dog. brown ears; named Danger
Pieefre return 445 Hugh st. ; reward.
MEDICAL. ~
LADIKS dfilrln*- sale, gure and quick relief
iron; irrerularitlts consult me et ence my
ructliods are always «hie. painless and" reli-
able-: I fcavr no failures; curt- guaranteed • no
«icrb:tant U*>t; 17 years' experience in aU
f • male disorder*; call or write without delay-
tdvlcc free; correspondence ccr.fld.rtiaL '
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WTETH. Fiwcinlist for TTTfemaie
comilr.:nt» tnd irre*rularitlM; Instant relief
:tQ yearn' S£8 Post st.
Una. JJll. KOHL. r^Iialile FpwiaUst for all~fel
malt- troubles and irr^gularitie«: instant re-
l;^f puerauteed. 100S4 Market St.. opp. Cth.
VR. G. XV. O' DON NELL— All who are sick r.r
in trouble consult this racialist on fcma!e
• cmpiaints; posiU*-*-ly corrected: the unfortu-
rat<» help*^3; the incft difficult cas^s trcated-
•<3vi<* fre*. orfice. 1018 Market st.
A niiPTITUTE women's friend; free secluded
horn- during confinement; ateo housekesping
ro'.r-.*; infants adopted in Rood homes.
MKS. Pit. FCNKE 1410 e th St.. AUrneda.
Dr*. Goodwin. 7.'K Turk, rr. Van Ness — Sxpert
¦ In orstrtrics. l>male comslainti?: Inrt. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 yeanc* exper.
SIRE. r>. ALLEN. MIS Market— Reliable Ladle**
specialist; a private home before and during
conflncmect: best medical care: low fees.
LADIES— Our monthly rcts-lntor never fails;
box free. VITA CO.. Station A. Detroit. Mich.
DR. snd MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO KERBS:
«-r!»r<na! meth/vl of treatment. 1128 Market St.
DU. ItOEEX re*:<Jes 2395 Folsom st-. corner
2Cth: !a<Jies. reliof or no fee: 110.
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
fr.'.rm cquar«»: all diseases cured by herhs.
MISCELLAJVKOL's— FOR SALE.
KOILERS. Marines. 2d-hand machlnerr. McIN-
TOSH 4- WOM>UAN. 185-187 Fremont Et.
DOKSTCUR ROOF LEAK? . . - ~~~~~*
itepair it with claterite; in roll* easy to lay;
needs no painting or tutting: cood over old
!ren. tin or Fhlnslet: best for new roof*.
RLATErUTn ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
. — I, 1 1
> FHEHI cow and calf for sale. 609 TVenty-
E'Cih St. ' 1
APARTMENT HOUSES — Continued.
A ST. HILAIRE APARTMENTS
LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEARY.-
Will be ready for occupation In a few
days. Everything new. Make your
reservation* now. Elegantly furnished
apartments with private bath — 2. 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat;electric li*ht;ele-
vator; private phones; rates reasonable.
.
THE LUNGER. f45 Octavla. cor. Hayes— Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments;
elegantly furnished: electric lights; prlvats
i bath*' $40 up; re's.; also doctor's offices.
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments; 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc.; unfurnished or furnished to
order; new house. The St. Charles. 13W
Sacramento st.. near Larkln.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-roora
apartments; private baths, steam h?at. eleo
eric lights, e!#ator. gas ranges: $30 to S55.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Inlnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture: every room outside;
. modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is tbe only up-to-date house ID
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. SI 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
(1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ALL newly furntshedt beautiful "rooms at the
Waverly rooming house. 841 O'Farretl st.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13ft4)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Elils, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). 61S Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located; sunny, nlngln room*
and suites, with private baths, hot and ccld
water, steam heat, electric lights, piiane every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 if deatred.
EDDY, 88.1 — 2 large connecting sunny rooms:
furnished: suitable for students and <-luha. •
ELLIS, C85— 2 sunny rooms, nicely furnished;
gas range, running water: $25.
FERN HALU. 812 Bush — Elegantly furn. rmsT7
all sunny; term? reasonable: references.
FOR single gentleman. In private home mo
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks .from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624, Call office.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. : reading-room.
GRANT AVE., 7 — Nicely furnished front room,
$2 50 week; 1 front suite, suitable for four.
JESSIE. 3C3. ea*t U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms, *.">. $6 and $7.
LEAVENWORTH. 513— Elegantly sunny fur-
nlshed front room; also other rooms; rea3on-
able.
O'FARRELL. 1516 — Large nicely fur. sunny
front bay-window room; connecting kitchen.
POLK. 367 — Nicely furnlintd rooms wtlS
phone and running water; etteapi.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
reading-rco:n, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1C11 — A sunny back room in
private family for gentleman.
SCOTT, 122— Large front room, with board;
use of gas and bath; for two gentlemen.
SUTTER, 406 — A bay-window unfurnished
cunny suite for gentlemen; rent $25.
TAYLOR. 515B. near Geary — Sunny single
room; large closet, bath, gas; $7.
THE AVOCA, S37A Missicn — Furn. room* by
the day, week or month: prices reasonable.
THIRD." 41 — Large, light furnished rooms;
centrallocatlon.
TURK, 7S0 — Elegantly furnished, sunny front
suite; all modern conveniences; reasonable.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to SO week; e'iec-
tric lights (no gas), running- water In every
room; elevator.read.-roota: free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 51i>7-El»&ar.t front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN WINKLE. 207 Jones— Nicely furnished
rooms. $2: tunny suites, $5 per week: baths.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 70O rooms:
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus: baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth— Electric light In every
room; 15c to $1 a night; 75c to' $5 a week:
open all night; convenient to all cars.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
rooms axd hoard.
* edgemerbIhoteu
731 Bush St.. above Powell: select flcst-
class residential hotel: elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heated and private exchange telephones in
every room: terms reasonable. B. DU
CARPE.
WANTED — Board and rooms for husband and
wife in a private family in the country,
close to city, on car line; small country
home preferred, where they bav* their own
fruit orchard, chickens, cows, etc.; state ac-
commodations and rates. Box 2930. Call.
- HOTEL HATTON '
977 Pine, near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suite**; private baths: all modern conven-
iences: excellent table.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70«.
EARLCOURT.
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPKNING: EVERYTHING*
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCB.
HOWARD, 841A — First-class board with room,
single or double, $4 50-$5 week; American
family; home cooking; home comforts; piano.
HAWTHORNE, IS/* bet. Folsom and Harrison
— Sunny front parlor, with board; suitable
for husband and wife or 2 gentlemen; $25 mo.
HOTEL EL6MERE. 418 Sutter — Sunny rooms:
excellent table; from $40; single $25.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, wltn bttnw; also nincle: horoellk*.
SEWI.VG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
200 NEW White sewing machines for rent at
$2 t>er month. "Why not rent the best?
White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Post st. and
1841 Fillmore st. •
50 NEW White sewing machines, slightly shop
worn, at half price or less at 300 Post s>t
¦ and 1S41 Fillmore st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use;
best is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office, 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW ROME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $-1. $5, $8; all styles: guaranteed. New
Home S*-wIne Machlre <">... ir..',l Market nt.
STUTTERIXO AND STAMMERIXG.
THE MELBOURNE SCHOOL for the cure of
stuttering aad stammering, corner Van Ne<»s
ave. and Market st., S..F., has been estab-
lished In this city for 3 years and shall con-
tlr.ue. for It is founded on true merit and has
the commendation of reputable physicians
everywhere, i It teaches a superior system
and challenges results. No wholesale class
work, but 8 heirs' individual teaching daily,
reducing nervous obstruction to speech and
leading to thorough control. Within reach
of all
SPECIAL XOT1CES.
LADIES, send your address to 1120 Market st.
S. F.. valuable Information: r»><im 2.
„ SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; i week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
5IARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Joseph A. Sheldon, .15. 1001 Golden Gate
avenue, and Florence Mayer. 23, 803 Eddy st.
Jean Pelllsson. 31, 447 Dupont street, arid
Marie L Vialard, 23. 15« Third street.
Jerry Metaxas. 24. 158 Fifth street, and
Amy Plucknett. 20. 4CS% Natoma street.
• Isaac L*ssman. 49, 520 Kmrny stre«t, and
Rica Abrahams, 39,-1407 Powell street.
Emil N. A. LanRham, iiS, 91 Rausch street,
and Mary F. Johnson, 48, city.
Chester Naramore, 24. 3Owl Nineteenth St.,
and. Grace E. Chllson. 2-1, 2S2X Bush street.
George W. Mitchell. 27. 2434 Market street,
and Mattle L. Webb, 25, .T33 FHl street.
Robert L. Butler, 22. lt> Polk street, andMovements of Steamers.
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height bf Hf K h and I,ow Waters
d 1 °« f,?'!! 1 - cmrance to San Francisco
SSriSSSv by orflclal aHthorlty % the
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
SS.2& f r ? nt /M'«ion- 8 treet wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
JVEPXESDAT. MARCH 10.
Sun rises A . o .
Sunsets.. '" ¦ rIi*
Moon sets (new) .V.'.i.'.V/.'.b-bb'p'. m
» I 1 ™" 16 ! £ | Tlme ! l Time ! T 1 ™!
i? SiSS f :S 11I2S iS SIS ?1 11:51 50
H W (L W H Wl L"w"'*
18 0:14 .VO C:02 1.4 12:24 4.7 612 n
19 0:30 5.0 «:42 1.1 1:05 4.7 C : 44 1«
20 1:01 B.O 7:22 0.9 1:C2 45 ?'-»2 i'rt
21 1:34 5.1 8:07 0.7 2:47 4I3 8 : 04 '¦¦ «a
22 2:12 5.2 9:02 0.6 3:. r >0 4.0 8:53 '2.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time- the
fcurth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when Xhero are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The height* given are In
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast' Survey charts, except when a minus ( »
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
Crab That Eats Steel Tools.
Chief Ensinccr Archie Little of the liner
Sonoma, which arrived yesterday, brought
from Fanning Island a huxe crab that he Is
willing to tuin over to some local museum.
The crab is a native of the South Seas, ar
mored like a battleship and fquipped with a
pair of claws of gigantic strength. The crus
tacean feeca on ooooanuts, which it unhuska
and cracks with the greatest ease. Kittle
bop«?<1 to ttm* his pet. but after It had eaten
a pair ol steel . callipers and clawed notches
in a uir-tal T square he decided that a miineum
might have more uee for It ; than wotilrt an
tasrincer. • The crab is lodged at present in a
ARRIVED.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
H Tuesday. March IS
Stmr Mackinaw, Ptorrs. «'i days from Ta
coma, via CIstjMni Hay 4 days 14 hours
S^ohr C. A. Thayer, Munsen, 12 days from
Gr&ve, Harbor.
SAILED.
Tuesdar. Marth 15.
Eunr Scotft. .Tohnaon, Bowpna Landing.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND- Sailed Mar 15 — Ship A.
I. Fuller, from* Ticoma, for Sydney.
ARKliDEEN- Sailed Mar 15— Stmr Kcw
mug, for San Fraoclaco.
. Tuesday. March 15.
Br #tmr Missouri, Bruce, 36 days from Kobe
via Hakodate. .
Br stmr Wellington. McKellar, 4 daya 17
hours from Ladysmlth. .
Stmr Sonoma. . Herrlman, 22 days ft^ hours
22 mln from Sdyney, via Honolulu 5 days 21
hours 50 mln.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 42 hour*
from San 'Diego and way ports.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, 19 hours from , Eu
reka, i
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 42 hours
from San Diego. ¦
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.'
Strrir City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria. P 0
S S Co.
Stmr Oregon. Doran, 62 . hours from Port
land, via Astoria 50V4 hours.
• Stmr Sequoia. Fosen, - 5'^ days from 1 Wil-'
l8i>a Harbor.
Ship Henry Falling, Graham, 87 days from
Newcastle, Aus. :
Ship Arya.n, Pendleton, 138 d.ays from Bal
timore. - •' . • .
Ship W.F. Babcock, Moxon, 153 days from
Baltimore.
Schr Vega, Nelson, 28 days from Tenaca
tlta Bay. . ... ,
Schr Luzon. Christiansen, 16 days from Ta
coma. ¦• %
Schr Maria K. I Smith, Smith. 18 days ' from
Columbia River.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Mrs. Susan (Jilligan of Visitacion
Valley complained to the Board of
Supervisors yesterday that as a result
of her fence blowfns down last Thurs
day fiv*» of her cattle wandered out to
.<unnyside avenue and were impound
ed by the Humane Society. s ne asks
lhat the $& which she paid to liberate
the stock be returned to her. as it waa
through no fault of hers that the
fence blew down.
Wan to Her Money Eack.
Captain Lynam, commander of the army
transport Thomaf, which arrived yesterday
from the Philippines, has announced his en
gagement to iiifa Julia Canfield of San Jose.
When commanding the Sumner, Captain
Lynam weathered two typhoons on one voyage
and made a r«-.-ord s " r hinuvlf as a navigator.
He has sailed before on Jbr sea of matrimony,
ha!" the charts of two previous voyages and
fears no storir.s. Th<i wedding will take place
during the transport's prwrent stay in port.
Captain Announces Kngagement.
The Hrltich steamer Missouri, Captain Bruce,
which arVived yesterday, 30 days from Kobe
and t-'S days from Hakodate, with a cargo of
Milphur and Oriental merchandise, encoun
tered on her «av acres* the. ocean an east
erly rale which lasted *lght day*. The vea
s>el s ; careo Ehift<*l in the tumbling and sh#
came into :*rt with a list to port. The day
after leaving Kobe Luns Chio, a Chinese sea
man, fell ovtr board from the forecastle head
and wa3 drowned.
Gale Lasts for Eight Days.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. .C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office. TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal
March 15. 1904. . "
Time Ball.
But for the energetic action of Captain Pen
dlcton and his crew the ship Aryan, which ar
rived yt-stetday from Baltimore, would probably
have been burned at sea. It was on February
lo that the daily inspection showed that the
<oal in the hold had acquired a temperature of
10S degrees. On turr.ing over the coal it was
found that the temperature increased, and
when it registered 142 degrees quick action be
came nt-eesszry to prevent a fire. All hands
were ordered below and commenced moving the
coal to the 'tween decks. At the end of ten
day?, when several hundred tons had been
transferred, the thermometers showed a d«*
orease in the temperature. The coal gave no
further trouble and the Aryan reached port, 1.18
days from Baltimore, with 3846 tons of coal in
good condition. .'"•"
Coal Canro Gets Heated.
¦
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Germun ship Herzogfln Cecille waa
clenred ye&terciay for London, England, with
S4.5-10 cs canned salmon. 872 cs canned fruit.
3»,<i$3 lbs dried prunes, 14,IJ»6 ctls barley 44 -
750 gals 20 cs wine. 16.711 gals brandy, 203.21:0
ion r £nV w ?K d '""^f. 52:5 - 722 lb » asphMtum and
120.C00 lbs tallow, valued at $405,000
Valuahle Carffo for London.
The bark Amy Turner sailofl yesterday for
Hllo with an assorted 'merchandise cargo val
ufd at &;.'U31 and including the following :
343 bbls flour, 3377 ctls barley, 260 ctis
wheat, H.!2 bales hay, 70.420 lbs bran, 192 ctls
corn, 3.;,<V4S lbs middlings, l!l2,110 lbs rice,
.V,X« B als 14 cs wine. 100 casks bottled beer, 318
Kals 10 cs whisky. 10 cs liquors, 90a gals vine-
Bar. 20SO lbs codfish, 12,008 lbs sugar. 500 lbs
bread, 1O,4S:J lbs beans, 13 crtH onions, 100
pkgs potatoes, 7D.500 lbs salt, 3200 lbs lard. 60
pkirs table preparations, 32 cs canned good?,
317 pkgs groceries and provisions, 254,160 lbs
fertilizer, 151 bxs soap, 15 tins matches. 19
pkgs electrical supplies, 3 tanks acid. 6U9 lbs
tobacco. 350 ch coal oil, 2414 ft hardwood. SCO
bblR lime, 25 cm gasoline. 9 cs boots and shoes'
7 pkps dry KO'jds. 1G pkgs dru*s and sundries,
1« pkirs paints and oils, 03 pkgs nails, 830 lbs
Jead; 43 cs blasting powder. ¦ •
A Cargo for Hilo.
to run to the southeast for 12 hours to avoid
iTinj? swamped by the terrific seas. The ves
sel wa.i becalmed for li days a little south of
the equator, which was crossed 01 days after
rounding Cape Horn. The Babcock brought
50G7 tens of coal.
Ass-uming the evidence of Nilson. master of
.ti^ J. J. Motvn, to bp true, and I see no
i*»*,m to do-^bt its truth, the collision of th«
M.ffPti wir'. the Nrwfboy cannot, in' my
• I'lmon. h- attrlbut-d to Inevitable accident
It m»v be conceded that the .olllsion n,
jr.- vita Me after t«*> boom"neet I*
;*"" •'-ntanrifd wiih hfr Ft<wing apparatus
»«n it sr-em.- to m* lhat by ordinary < l re . Vuch
ertanrlement could have been avoided Nor
do I ihtnK the NVwsboy wa« m fault in lv
u • . T . bra<f ' d - h "»"ows from this that
the hb-lants are entitle,! to rrcovcr the dam
Bffr- tTJUltlnc to the Newrbov from the
l.Mon .-,„,] j find that th, rt.nl^ £
t»inr-J amount* to the mm cf *15O.
In the case of J. J. Smith et al. vs.
scow schooner J. j. Stoffen
United States District Judge de Ha
ven yesterday rendered a decision in
favor of the libelants for 5150 and
<osts. In rendering his .decision the
court Raid:
SCOW SCHOOXKi: STOFFEN
MLST PAY DAMAGES
Judffr do Haven Awards One Hundred
.uid Fifty Dollars and Costs to
S:niUi and Others.
The overdue ship W. F. Babcock, for whose
safety some fear* were experienced and which
was quoted for reinsurance at 15 per cent, ar
rived yesterday. 15U days from Baltimore.
<"aptain Moxs<?n reports that five days after
leaving Baltimore, a heavy gale was encoun
tered. During the blow a number of sails
were blown away and the cargo shifted. Cape
Horn was reached 35 days after leaving Balti
more. When a little to the westward of the
storm beaten headland the Babcock encoun
tered a northwester that . lasted forty-eight
hours. The booby hatch waa stove In and the
after hatches smashed.. The vessel was obliged
Overdue W. P. Babcock Arrives.
The French bark Marechal Davout. which
made port on Monday, was chartered prior to
arrival for wleat to Europe at 14s.
The barkentine S. N. Castle returns to Hono
lulu with general cargo. The steamer Mel
ville Dollar was chartered by A. II. Post &
Co. to carry supplies to Midway Island and not
by the Commercial Cable Company, as previ
ously reported.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
TO. SAIU
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Pier.
' March 16.
G. Wndauer Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Marcli 17. |
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPier 9
State of Cal San Diego & Way. I 0 am Pier 11
March 18.
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 20
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 amlPIer 7
Oregon Astoria *-. Portland 11 amlPier 24
Arcata Coos n. & Pt Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Marcli 19.
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
March 20. 1
Spokane Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 2 pm Pier 20
S. Rosa.... Pan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
March 31.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. IIO am Pier 10
March 22.
Jeanie...... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
March 23.
Siberia China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
March 24.
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way... 2 pm Pier* 7
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pra Pier 10
v~ * March 25.
Anubls Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm Pier 19
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul. 11 am Pier 7
March 26. i
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Senator.... Puget Sound Porta. 11 am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE. ,
Steamer. For. . Sails.
Santa Ana. Valdez &¦ Way Ports.. Mar. 16
Dirlgo Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 17
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. IS
J Dollar Valdez & Seward...... Mar. 20
Alki Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 20
Dolphin f Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 22
City of Seattle Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 23
Farallon.. 1 Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 29
Libel Against the Fulton.
Thomas Hoey filed a libel in tha
United States District Court yesterday
against the California and Oregon
Coast Company to recover $13 SO bal
ance of wages, alleged to be due for
hia services as a marine fireman on the
steamer Fulton.
cash in the treasury Is $15,000. Including the
proceed* of the last sale of bullion.
The Jubilee Minin? Company of Tuolumne
County has levied an assessment of 5c per
Fhare, delinquent April 1*.
It was stated at the ofnee of the Pan Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company yesterday that
the declaration of a dividend had been dis
cussed, but that a? yet no action hart b«**n
taken; in all probability, however, a quarterly
dividend at the rate of 5 per cent per annum
will be declared shortly. payable early in
April.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. March 15—2 r- m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
•Is qr coup..l07m«SUi4s qr cp new. — V-HVi
j 4s qr reg...tO7»2lOS»il^a qr coup. .lC6*ilOT
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W'5s. — — |O T Co 6».ll» l ,i —
Bay CPC 5s.l01 102 Do 5s ....110^112^
Cal C G Bs. — 104K! Do con 5s. 9»?ilC2>j
Cal G & K b lOceanic S S*. — 75
m t ct 5s, — ST'-'Iom Cable Bs.123 lZJ^i
Cal-st C 53.116»iimi|pac G Im 4s. — 96
C C Wat 5s. — 100V4JP E Ry 0s.lC5»i —
Kd L& P Us.125 KS1 |p & C H 6s.lO:iHlCS%
F & C H 6s.llt — ;p & O R 69.116 —
Geary-st 5s.. 454 90 I Powell- st (is. — —
H CAS 5V4S.104 — [Sac EG&R5s. «» 100
'• Do 5g 9» 100'ilSF & SIVSs.llS 119
Hon R T Cs.106 — | Sierra R 69.112>i —
L A Elec 5s." — 105 i 3 P of A 6s
[ L A By 5*.112 7 ,i — | (190S») 10C —
L A L Co 6s — — j (1910> 10"H —
! Do gtd 6s. — — Is P of C 6s
Do ptd 5s.lf)."i»i — i1»or>)Sr A.104i; —
LAP I cm Ss.lOl'i — (H»05»Sr B. — —
Mkt-at C tis.lltj — . (1906) 107 10»?i
Do lorn 5s. — 115Ui M912» 118H —
MV& MtT.".s.lO4 lll«i SPC 1 eg 5s. — 118
NRR of C6S.10T — Do stmpd.108»i —
Do 6s HS>i — s P B R fls.134 —
N P C R 5S.105 — S V W*t Cs.104 —
N C Ry D«. — _ Do 4s 2dm. BSK W
N C P C 5s. — 100 Do 4s 3dm. 97*j 9J"4
N S R R 5a. — 100>4|Stkn G&Efls. — —
O G L*H r.s.lOfli; — ' If G & E 5s. — 106
O W gtd 5s. — 100 I
WATER .STOCKS.
Contra Costa 38 41 [Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co... — C2HIS V Wat Co. 33H 39*4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — S?ilS F G & K. 59"i 60
Mutual B L. — 11 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co.. 554 — |t; G & E.. 27 —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — I
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.310 345 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 |L P & A... 1524 —
Anglo-Cal .. SO 02V.|Mer Trust... — ' 225
Bank of Cal. 400 427MMerch Ex . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 |S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 2300 (Sav ft L So. — 1C0
Hum SAL. — — (Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co .
S F Sav U.625 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..195 200 iPreeldlo 41
Geary — 80 i
POWDER.
Giant 594 61 |Vigorit 3% 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 30c iKilauea S C. 24
Hawaiian C. 4tt 4(54 Makaweli C. 21 ' 22
Honokaa S C 12 131, lOnomea S C. 23*: 27 V,
Hutch S P C 9 94|Paauhau S C. 13^i 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.130i;i4O (Oceanic S Co — 5
Cal F C A. 964 — I Pac Aux FA. 5 «
£VrJ V «* A ' ~ Oi |Pac C Borx.187 —
MVi MtTm.100 — |
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Paauhau S P Co 13 00
10 Peauhau S If Co 13 124
$100 IT s 3 per cent Ccoupon).!!!!lO6 25
W0.WO S P Cal €s (1905 Series A).... 104 50
Street —
$10,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 119 50
Afternoon Session.
100 California Fruit Canner* 1 Assn.' SW> SO
25 Hawaiian Coml i Suear, b 5.. 46 £.0
50 Hutchlnson S P Co g e°»;
10 Htuchlnson S P Co " s 75
5 S F Gas & Electric .; 59 «74
20 Spring Valley Water Co S9 50
: ll.OtiO Hawaiian Coml & Su^ar 5s so f;o
1 Sl/niO Oakland Transit Co tt per cent. 119 5O
1 >-\0OO Omnibus Cable 6 per cent 12U 0O
',. Street —
$10,000 S P of C 6s (1905. Series A) 104 50
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
' Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask
Bay CPC 6s.l00 1C« [s P Co 44s. OS 99
B L Wat 6s. — 120 !Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
Cal NW R5s.Ul«4 — | D o 5s ....1024 _
SF Drdk 5s — 1134 Suttr-it R5s.l()5' 113
SF & NP 5s.llO!;il2 UK of SF 4s. 70% —
S P C R 4s. — 100 !
MJSCELLANEOUa STOCKS.
Ala S C... 25 23iij Nev Nat Bk.lSo 205
Cal Cot Mils — 95 JN S II n 11
<: Jockey Cl. 90 120 ;N Cal P Co. O'i
Cal Powder. 120 150 Oak Bk Sav.1124 —
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 Soak T Con. 75 —
i Cal T I & T. — 1274HOOF Hall A. 6 —
! Cen Bk. Oak CT.t, _ Orpheum Co. — 161;
Chutes Co.. 7 — |Pac S Tel. ..100 101
1 City & C Bk — 112 |Paraf Paint. .T.8 —
! East Dynm.150 250 |S F Drydock. 60
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — JSF4SJ Coal. 20
Fischer Thtr 1'4 — |S J Wat Co. — 1O«
Frnch-A Bk.lOr. 110 |SO & MTgbt — lftf
Gas on A. 194 21 I Swlss-A Bk 11.1 —
Hono P Co. 12*4 1341 Truck Elect. 10 13
Lon& SF Bk — 60 | VR InC pfd 44 —
Mat Nav Co CO «<9 j Do com . . 9
Morning Session.
Street —
$19,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 79 50
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks.. Bld . A , k#<t
Apollo 4,'J 4^
Af=«ooiated Trust Cert .'.'.'. ••-'•
Aztec " Zn
California Standard 13
Caribou ( o'J^
("entral Point Con '.'. "ftt &S
Chicago Crude 20
Claremont 50
Four "fk
S^tob :: ..;; 35 £
Giant ijj
Hanrord 157 no
Home 1^5 1 ">7U
Independence 17 T«
Kprn 4 90
Ksrn Ulver 13 CO
Monarch of Arizona 41
Monte Crlsto 75 " SO
Occidental of W Va 1:1
; Oil City Petroleum :•„-, '"r.H
Reed Crude 1 40
Senator &% '.'.".
Sovereign 44 "4^
Sterling 0 -^
Thirty-three 5 0<> 75*1
Toltec 19
Twenty-eisht R SO «"oo
Weat Shore 2 60 2 75
Associated Bonds 79
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 30 ....
California Shipplnc Co IS CO
Chutes Company 1 50
Fischer's Theater 1 25
Northern Cal Power 9 75 10 25
, United Railroad bonds 79 00
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
1000 Cil City Petroleum 3fi
'2. r .0 Reed Crude, s 10 l 40
150 Home 122
100 Home 1274
750 Apollo 45 I
iio Kern Oil 5 00
100 Four Oil 69 i
Street*- 1
100 Fischers Theater 1 S74
Afternoon Session. j
1 Hanford. s 00 16ft 00
2 Hanford 161 CO
1 Hanford. » 90 135 OO
I lOOO Oil City Petroleum 56
Mining Stocks.
SAN FKANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
. 200 Andes 4S[ 300 Ophlr 475
20O Chollar ...".. 11>| 40O Ophir 4 «o
100O Con C & Va.t 80! 201) Savage 77 I
2U0 Gould & Cur. 4»;i 10rt Seg Belcher .. 11
100 Justice 051 200 Union Con ., S8
ICO Mexican- I 95j
Afternoon Session.
E'K- Belcher 25( 6C0 Ophir 5 "3
201* Caledonia . . .1 20| BCO Ophir 0S7i\
fiOO Con C & Va.l 00 ICO Overman ... rt.l
100 Con C & Va.l 85 10O Savage ' ' «.i
200 Exchequer .. 1« 1000 Scorpion * ter
100 Hale & Norc. 92! 2C0 Sierra NeV " * A
100 Mexican :2 05! 100 Sierra Nev " n
6C0 Mexican 2 10| lno swra Nev " k« '
200 Ophlr 5 OOJ 4Co Union Con '.'. S7
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paciflc Stack
Exchange yesterday: •¦».*,
Morninp Session. ,
1C0. Andes 49L200 Ophir 475
200 Chollar 20i'lf;O Ophlr "4 yn
5C0 Con C & V.I S24I 1C0 Potosi ... " ««
500 Con Imperial. 02 .10o Potosi .... £7
300 Exchequer .. 10, SCO Scorpion ..." «7
100 Gould & Cur. 45j SCO Sierra N'ev . bj
10O Gould & Cur. 46 li,0 Sierra Nev .. ks
100 Mexican 195 1C0 Union Con .. S7 1
100 Mexican ...1 0741 SCO Utah 20
Afternoon Ssssion.
200 Beat &. Belch.2 15) 1C0 Mexican .;.. - 03
500 Caledonia ...120| 200 Ophlr ." 1 S3
S25 Chollar 201 300 Ophlr 490
100 Con C * V.I 8741 110 Ophir 4 n»
lflOCon C & Va.l S5 l>50 Potosi -yj
300 Confidence ..,1 05 1000 Scorpion ..... f,H
200 Justice '......¦ 07 300 Union Con . . 85
200 Mexican 2 00] 000 Utah , 20
The American bark Carondeiet. Captain
Doyle, palled yestpruay for Prince Williams
Sound. She in the first of the salmon fleet
to leave here this season.
Th«- American .trbooncr Vega.' which arrived
yesterday, 2.S days from Tenacalita Bay,
brought 1002 cedar logs.
The stoam whaler Alexander wa« pulled
out of the mud yesterday and docked at
Howard ttr<?ft v.harf. where she will be made
ready for her annual cruise.
The whaling schooner Monterey will be ready
to sail on her cruise by the end of this month.
Water Front Xotes.
?-
The Overdue List.
The vessel* on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Enslehf.rn. 10 per
cent; Zwijeer. 00 per cent; Clematis, 15 per
cent.
lartrr tin box, the smooth eides of which ar«
th<» only available solids on which the native
of Fannine Island has not tried to make a
meal.
I AMERICAN SHIP ARYAN, WHOSE
CARGO OF COAL BECAME HEAT
ED DURING THR VOYAGE.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. ] Due.
. 1 i
Arcata..., j Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 16
Aurella | Portland Mar. 10
Kureka I Humboldt Mar. 17
Colon New York via Panama. Mar. 17
I'uiatUla..... Puget Sound Ports Mar. 17
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Mar. 17
Santa, Rosa. .. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 17
Redondo Portland & Astoria-.... Mar. 17
Montara 1 Seattle Mar. 17
Enterprise 1 Hilo Mar. 18
Hero | Oyster Harbor Mar. 18
Spokane Humboldt Mar. 13
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul.. Mar. 18
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 18
Elizabeth. ! Coquille River Mar. 38
Xcwburg j Grays Harbor Mar. 18
Alliance ! Portland & Way Ports. Mar. 18
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 18
Leelanaw Seattle |Mar. IS
Czarina... Coos Bay IMar. 19
Anubis Seattle 'Mar. 20
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Mar. 20
Centralia Grays Harbor Mar. 21
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom Mar. 21
etateof.Cal.. San Die*o & Way Pts. Mar. 21
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 21
Del None Crescent City Mar. 21
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Mar. 21
Senator Puget Sound Ports Mar. 22
Coptic China & Japan Mar. 22
Titanla Xanalmo Mar. 22
City Sydney.. Now York via Panama. Mar. 23
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 25
Oregon Portland & Astoria Mar. 25
Amaals Hamburg & Way Pts.jMar. 26
The Sonoma was 21 days 6 hours and
22 minutes coming from Sydney and r>
days and 21 hours from Honolulu.
Her passengers included the follow
ing named:
Sydnpv — Mrs. I. F. Galvin, Gecrso Cameron,
A. J. Clark, II. O. Grant. It. A. Grant, H. E.
Scarip. Pptrr Nutte. C. H. ZuderbfrR.
Auckland- Mrs. K. Gr^pn. Miss Green. A.
R. Cameron. Miss J'rancrp, SJxs. McDougal.
G. M- Hellicar. Da\iil Kling, John Collins,
Mr. ami Mrs. William Cook. A. Thomson. Mrs.
F. F. K. Pratt. G. II. Kambsoa. Miss
Fprard, ltcv. \V. FrencbJ Mlrsea French. F. C.
French, M. S. EvanF, James Lancaster. Ar
thur Walker. Mr. and Mrs. II. W. IvcrF, A.
Nopenairo, M. K. King. J. R. Hoyle. F.
Birnes. F. A. RufspII- Whitney, J. A. Hender
i-on. Father O'Dwycr. C. G. <"larkp, F. •'.
Brown, Mr. and Mrs. F. Z. Mcore, Mrs. Tasker
*n<i fon.
I'ajro Papo— T. J. Allnn, E. 1-. Jamison.
Honolulu— H. <\ IVnnlBon, Dr. Presbry, Miss
C B. Prf.xbry. Miss F. Pn»sbry. W. S. Lielcht,
W. I.. Ilcoil, Mrs. W. L. Rcfd and son. C. F.
I.ynrh. Mr. ani Mrs. K. M. Kirkpatrirk. Mrs.
Rob«Tt5-Smlth. C. A. Graham. V. ». Bowman,
E. F. Brnckmi-yi-r, Mr. and Mrs. M. It. Mulr.
Mrs. J. 1^. Ptar-k. 5in>. Cachet, Miss Taft, J.
L.. Rofs, Miss Normberg.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sonoma arrived early yesterday
mornins from the Antipodes and Hono
lulu with a full eargro and many pas
sengers. For the first time in many
voyages the Sonoma reached port
about nine hours late. She should have
been here before sundown Monday, but
•was delayed between Sydney and
Auckland by heavy weather. She
reached the Xew Zealand port an hour
after her schedule time for departure.
Under ordinary circumstances the So
noma could have made up the lost
time, but winter gales encountered
later proved too heavy a handicap, and
for once the liner's arrival overlapped
her schedule.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Joseph M,
Macdonough. lot on N line of OaJc street. 83:9
W of Van Ness aTenue. W 27 by N 120: $10.
James K. Kennedy to Mary F. Kennedy,
lot on S line of Jack.«on street SO E of We!>«
ster, E 50:B by S 127:6; Rift.
M. S. and Emma. M Quilltnan to Alice In
land et al.. lot on N line of Fell »tr»«t. 137. 4
W of Webster. W 50 by N 137:6; $10.
Jean M. Taylor to T. Philip O'Brien, lot ©a
N line of Fulton street. 92 W of Webater. W
3 by N 80; $10.
Annie Freiermuth tr> Georga H. Frelermuth.
Louisa A. Otto CFVeiermutta) and Elisabeth
M. Spauldine tFYelermuth) re-record 2035 T>
321. lot on N line of E1IM street. 137:8 B of
FJUmore. E 45:9 by N 120; gift.
Mark Levison to Isidor Baron, lot on 8 tin*
of Washington street 94 W of Webster, W
26 by S 127:8V»: *U>.
Edward E. Chevcr to Mab«l E. Dodge, lot
on S lin« of HaJght street. 156:3 B of 8teiner.
E 50 by S 1»: $10.
Jeremiah and Catherine Looney to Jchn EL
Sheeny and wife, lot on N line of Halght
street. 25 E of Pierce, E 23 by N 110; $10.
Jchn Kheehy to Ellen Sheeny, same; gift.
James K. Kennedy to Mary F. Kennedy, lot
on S line of Sacramento street. "7:1 TV of
Steiner. W 25:10 by S 120; jrtft-
Cbambera Estate (corporation) to Elizabeth
Geary, lot on W line of Scott street, 112:9 3
of McAllister. S 25 by W 10fi:3; $10.
Henry Myers to Alice B. May, lot on 9 line
of Oak street 06:10Vj E of Baker. E 23 by
S 137:6; $10."
Mary E. Methews to Flora Ellon. lot on M
line of Pacific stre»t. 102:tJ W of Broderlck.
W 33 by N 127:SVi: $10.
G-orge W. and lfatti«- Menwr to Catherine
Hebergrr. lot on K line of Tremont street.
471 S or Frederick. S 25 by B SO; $10.
Leo Blcck to Georgp W. Mcnsor. same: $1.
James M. and Mary W. Patrick to Simon
Goldsmith, lot on ri line of Sacramento street,
137:6 W of Spruce. W 27:ti by s> 1".2:7S: $1».
William F". and Julia C. Taylor to ThomaJ»
C. Arnold. lot on N line of flay street. 137:6
W of Spruce. W 27:6 by N 127:<<t4: $10.
Nellie J. Hadlcy iwifet to Fred W. Hadley.
lot on W lino of Capp Ktreet. 2l6:tt S of Twen
tieth. S 58:« by W 122:fi: $10.
Same to sam«\ lot on NW corner of Twenty
flr»t and Stevenson streets. W .".0 by N S." ; $1'>.
Grace M.. Hamuel M.. William H. .Tr. an<l
Gecrge S. Crim (and as trustees) to KHte 9.
Dorland. lot on W line of Dolores street, M:8
S of Seventeenth. S 50 by W 125, quitclaim
deeri; $1.
Thomas and Mary Ward tr» Panlel ain1
Bridget Hickey. lot on NW corner of Valley
and Church streets. N Z3 by W IO«: $IO.
IHincan F. McDonaM to A. R. Williams, lot
on W line of fanthci street. 91:0 S oC Twenty
seventh. S 22:-1 hy W HO; to.
Edward J. and Julia Pullen to Mrs. L. Pick
ering, lot on W line of Clara avenue. O'C N of
Eighteenth street. N 2S by W l.TH: $1O.
Kstate of Joseph B. Thomas (by Joseph n.
and Washington It. Thomas anil Kdward
Pierce, trustee?! t» Achilla Palarlini. Lit on N'
line of riay strret. l«3:t W of Pansome. \V
65:10 by N IT1: $1".
1 Milton A. aud lH)r.i Wheaton to California
! Title Insurance and Trust Company, lot on N
llnf of Sacramento street. S7:tj W of ilason. W
50 by N H4: *10.
Charles M. and I-enntine S. Kerney to same,
lot on W line of Ma?on street. 4i> N of Sacra
mento. N 40 by W «O; J1O.
Abby 11. Summon to Willard G. Lloyit I^t
on NW line of Shipley street. 75 SW of Fifth.
SW 23 by NW 7."i; S1O.
Martin and Harriet L. Fosst to W. XT. R*il
nall. lot on B lin»- of Vermont street. 20"> 3
of Sevpnt»enth. S 75 by E ttO; 9?'».
George A. anil l lara T. Turner tn Mary A.
Reeve (wife of J. Herbert), lot on E lln» of
Thirteenth avenue. 125 S of B street, S 25 by
E 120: $10.
II. U. and Laura A. Pinr.ey tn Aaron E.
Grossman, lot on E line of Second avenue, 70
S of C street. S ."." by E 100; $io.
J. Frank ami Marea Walter* to James B.
Kmery. l"t on F. line of Forty-second avenu*.
ISO N of I street. N 25 hy K 120: $10.
Herman qnd l-lixie H. I^evinnon to Marl* A.
Kalrd. lot on W line of Eleventh avenue. 75
X of I street. N 2S i>y W !>R: *lf>.
Stephen A. and Wary L. Born to James S.
and Maud Richards, lot on W Iln* of Sixth
avenue, ft N of I street, N 25 by W 93; $lf>.
David and Mary Scanlln to Solomon f!i»ts,
lot on N line of T street. 82:6 B of Thirty
ninth avenue. E 25 by N 100: $10.
Solomon and Dora Gets to Arthur I. Chap
man. *wme. $10.
William M. and Mary K. D. W«lf t» Ber
nard i'. Miller, lot on E line of Sixteenth ave
nue. 250 S of T street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Oscar Hoyman to Adolph Rumhlad. Int or»
S line of Stoneman street. 103 W of Folsom,
W 2."> by S 75. portion of Cheesman's map 1
of Precita Valley: $H>.
Olive R. Rosa to Theodor* B. Rosa, lot la
Masonic Cemetery: S5.
Builders* Contracts.
Catherine E. Donaldson (owner) with Chart**
N. Hancock (contractor), architect M. 3.
Welrh — AH work for a three- story frams
building on E Un* of Church «treet 144:6 X
of Sixteenth. N 23 by E 125; $73C0. ' .
John Wlese (owner) with Robert Trost Con
tractor), architects H. Geilfuss tc Son — Exca
vation, concrete and brick work, carpenter,
mill, plastering, (dazing and hardware for %
four-story frame building (flats), on SK corner
of Page and Shrader streets, S 50 by E 108-.";-
I21.&18.
Same owner with Henry Hufschmidt (con
tractor), architects same — Sewerlnir. plumbing
and gas fitting for same on same; $3087.
Same owner with Henry Eckart
architects same — Painting 1 , etc.. for lama on
same; $194O.
California Baking Company (owners) with J.
Looney (contractor), architects same — Sewer
age, plumbing, gas fitting and tank work for a
two-story brick buildlnr on SW corner of Eddy
and FUlmor<» streets, W 137:6 by S 110; $1191.
Theresa Zacharias (owner) with Kern Proa,
(contractors), architect E. J. Vogel — Grading,
foundation, patent stone, carpenter work, elec
tric work, plastering, glass, hardware. ro-,C
plumbing, mill work for a three-story framt
buildin* on lot on S line of Post street 170
W of LarUin. W 25 by S 120: $f>2l3.
Same owner with R. Zelinsky (contractor),
architect same — Exterior painting. Interior
finishing. Tarnishing, etc.. for same on same;
$S20.
Adel Jleussdorffer fownrr) with C. 1*. Moore
(contractor), architect C. A. MeussdorfTer — All
work except plumbing, painting, etectrir e3t
vntor, heating, finish, hardware, gas fixtures.
' shades and flre escapes for a five-story anj
' basement frame (fifteen apartments) bulMing
' on lot on W line of Jones utrect, 43:li> S of
Pine. S ?2:11 by W •«:!»; JS0250.
Same owner with II. Maundrell (contractor),
i architect same — Painting, etc.. for *am«? on
same: $1116.
Same owner with William S. Snock Jfc Son^
<oontractori«). architect same — Plumbing,
fitting an«i sewer work for same on sanip;
$2<>21.
Fred H. and John P. Catgmn (owners) with
M. Loftus (contrartcr). architect* Mai^- &
I V.otttv — All work except plumbing. r-«'ntliiK.
mill work, shades, mantels, gas fixtures for tvn
three-story frame buildings (« Rat*) on XK
corner of Twenty-sixth street and Garflekl
avenue. E 4»5 by N* 7:5:6: $7220.
? Sam? owners with J. F. Noonan (contractor).
architects same — Draining, plumbing and gas
• fitting fcr wtiM" on same: tl H.'.
. A. V. Clark (owner) with •'iihill & Hall El.-
| vator Company (contractors*, architect T. .f.
I Welsh — Elevators for a six-storv and basement
I brick, stone and terra cotta buildlns on W
j line of Second street. 55 8 cf Stevenson. W j>3
' by S 23; $210t>.
Henry and Bertha Mack (owners), with Rob
ert Trost (contractor). ¦ — architect — A.I
work for .•» three-story frame huildin-r (flat*)
on E line of Bryant avenue. ."O X or Tw»nlv.
second street. X 25 by K IIP. M. B. 1»«; $«k;j5.
IJEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY. MARCH 15.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Mar 15 — Br stmr Cop
tic, from Hongkong-.
Sailed Mar 15 — Br stmr Coptic, for San
Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW' YORK— Cleared Mar 14— Ship Tlllie
E. Starbuck. for Honolulu.
Arrived Mar 15 — Stmr Sequranca, from Co-
FOREIGN PORTS.
LIVERPOOL — In port Mar 14 — Br ship Scot
tish Isles, for San Francisco.
HAMBURG— Sailed Mar 10 — Ger bark
SchifTbek, for Santa Roealla.
TODOS SANTOS— Arrived Mar 1— Br bark
Bay of Bengal, from Guaymag.
NEWCASTLE. AUS.— Sailed Feb 2— Ship
Reuce. for San Francisco. Feb 4 — Schr Aluma
for Honolulu. Feb S — Ship Emily Reed. for
San Francisco. Feb 8 — Ship Emily F. Whit
ney, for Honolulu. Feb 8 — Schr William Bow
den, for Honolulu. Feb 11 — Ship Luzon for
Honolulu. Feb 19— Ship Servia. for San Fran
cisco. Feb 20— Br bark Adderly, for San
Francisco.
In port Feb 22 — Bark Holllswood, for San
Francisco; Br bark Melanope. for San Fran
cisco; schr Minnie A. Caine. for Honolulu
SYDNEY— In port Feb 22— Bktn Amazon,
for Honolulu, via Newcastle, Aus. ; bark
Charles B. Kenney. for Honolulu, via New
ca«tl<*. Aus. ; ship Emily F. Whitney, for Mak
siwcll.
MO.TI— Arrived Mar 12— Br stmr Indrawadi
from Manila, for New York. -
GIBRALTAR — Passed Mar 15 — Br stmr
Sikh, from Yokohama, for New York.
SHANGHAI— Sailed "Mar 14 — Schr Samar,
for Astoria.
VICTORIA— Arrived .Mar 15— Stmr Cottage
City, from Skastway.
OCEAN STEAMERS. '
NEW YORK— Sailed Mar 15— Stmr Kaiser
"Withelm II, for Bremen; stmr Lombard I for
Naples; stmr Aurenla, for Liverpool. ' '
Arrived Mar lo — Stmr Kronprinz Wllhehn
•from Bremen. Southampton and Cherbourg '
ANTWERP— Sailed Mar 15— Stmr Switzer
land, for Philadelphia.
Arrived Mar 15 — Stmr Republic, from Na
ples, for Boston. .
NAPLES— Sailed ,Mar 14— Stmr Palatia
for New York, j
GENOA— Arrived Mar 10— Stmr Slcilia from
New . York, via Naples. . •
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Mar 15— Stmr
Oceanic, .from New *fcrk. for Liverpool, and
proceeded. - .
FALMOUTH— Arrived Mar 15— Stmr Staten
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne, for New
York, and returned here with boiler damaged
ST. MICHAEL— Sailed Mar 15— Stmr Re!
public, from Alexandria, Naples and Gibraltar
for Boaton. ' ¦ . . . . *
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Mar 15— Stmr Laks
ChamDlaln, for; Halifax and St. Johns; etmr
Saxonia, for Boston, via Queenstown.
clear; wind XW. ; velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FAIRHAVEN— Arrived Mar 15— Schr Wil
liam lien ton. hence Mar 2.
TACOMA— Sailed Mar 13— Schr R. W. Bart
lett, for Redondo.
Arrived Mar 15 — Stmr Leelanaw, from Se
attle: schr Allen A, hence Mar 6.
Sailed Mar 15 — Stmr Leelanaw. for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Mar 15 — Stmr Mineola, hence Mar
12; stmr Edith, from Port Los Angeles.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Mar 15— Schr
Argus, from San Pedro: schr O. W. Watson,
hence Mar 4;. schr Antelope, hence Jan 17,.
for Coqullle River (In distress).
Arrived Mar 15 — Bktn Makaweli, from
Shanghai.
SKATTLE — Arrived Mar 14 — Stmr Senator,
from Victoria.
Hailed Mar 14— Ger stmr Anubls, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Mar 15 — Stmr George Loomis, hence
Mar 11.
Hailed Mar 15 — Stmr Jeanie, for San Fran
cisco.
KUREKA— Arrived Mar 15— Stmr Spokane,
hence Mar 14.
Arrived Mar 15 — Schr Jennie Stella, hence
Mar 12.
Sailed Mar 15— Stmr Pa6adena, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Mar 15— Tug Daunt
less, from Astoria, with stmr Grace Dollar in
tow. '
Arrived Mar 15 — Stmr San Gabriel, from Eu-
ASTORIA— Arrived Mar 15— Stmr G. W.
Elder, hen re Mar 13; stmr Rosecrans, hence
Mar 12. _
Sailed Mar 15— Schr Sophie Christensen, for
San Francisco.
In oort Mar 15 — Schr Laura Madsen. for
San Francisco, and not sailed, as reported
Mar 14.
Arrived Mar 14 — Schr C. A. Klose, hence
Mar 5
- COOB BAY— Sailed Mar 15— Stmrs Alliance
and Czarina, for San Francisco.
Arrived Mar 15— Schr North Bend, hence
Mar 5. y
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Mar 15 — Brig Gen
eva, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Mar 15 —
Bktn Gardiner, for San Francisco.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Mar 15— Schr C. T.
Hill, hence Mar 2.
POINT JX)BOS— Passed Mar 15, 5 p. m.—
Stmr Whlteaboro, from Port Los Angeles, for
Greenwood.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Mar 15— Schr
Queen, for San Francisoo.
TATOOSH — Pas3ed out Mar 15 — Stmr Uma
tllla. for San Francisco; Ger bark Adolf, for
Iquique.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Mar 15— Stmr
NewburR, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Mar 15— Br bark Inver
may, for Portland.
SAILED.
Tuesday, March 15.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Snnta Crux.
Slmr Centennial, Strand, Seattle.
Bark Amy Turner,' Warland. Hllo.
Bark Carondelct, Doyle, Prince William
Sound.
Fr bark Bonchamp. Label, Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
Per ship Aryan — Dec 29, oft Cap« Horn, Fr
bark Marguerite Dollfus, from Hull, for Puget
Sound.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 15. 10 p. m. — Weather
CLEARED.
Tuesday, March 15.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, San Pedro, P C
S B Co.
Stmr Centennial, Strand, Seattle, E. T.
Kruse.
Ger ship Herzogln Cecille, Dietrich, Lon
don. Balfour. Guthrle & Co.
Ship Charles E. Moody, Anacortes, Alaska
Packers' Association.
Schr Premier, Olson, Portland, Alaska Pack
ers' Association.
Schr Prosper. Brandenson. Port Townsend,
Alaska Packers' Association.
Schr Repeat, Wilson, 13 days from Columbia
River.
Schr, Lily, Bottger, 11 day* from Umpqua.
The mining stocks took a turn upward at
the close of the day, Ophlr selling up to
$5 371-2, but business on the qther exchanges
continued quiet. On the Stock ar.d Bond Ex
change Hutchlnson Sugar advanced to $8 75.
The Union Con. Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 15c.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Four Oil. lc; Port
Costa Water Company, regular monthly. 30t
per share, amounting to ?l50O; Pr*3ldto Street
Railroad Company, regular monthly. 20c p»r
share, amounting to ?2000; the Daly West
Mining Company of Utah, a regular monthly
dividend of 65c; the Debenture Surety Com
pany, a monthly dividend of 5c; the Standard
Oil Company, a quarterly dividend of $16 per
share. This dividend compares with $12 per
share for the previous Quarter and $20 p?r
share .for the corresponding quarter last year.
The company has paid dividends as follows
for the past twelve years: 1891 to 1H95. 12
per cent per year; 1896. 31 per cent; 1S37. S2
per cent; 1898, 30 per cent; 1899. 33 per cent;
1900. 48 per cent; 1901. 48 per cent; 1902, 45
per cent, and 44 per cent in 1903.
Pennsylvania C. M. Company paid a dividend
of 10c per share, amounting to $5050, March 13.
Silver Hill has declared a dividend of 5c
per share, payable March 21. The amount of
.£. _A
Mining Stocks Sell Higher, but
Other Stocks Quiet.
STOCK MARKET.
Flour, qr sks.. 5,486' Straw, tons ... 18
Wheat, ctls 700(\Vool bales ... 177
Oats, ctls l,119|Tal!ow ctls ... 221
Rye. ctls ,' l.".0| Hides. ' No 763
Beans, sks 4«8| Felts No 470
Potatoes, skB .. 5,4771 leather rolls .. 67
Onions, sks .. 1,155! Taper, reams .. l.!mr>
Bran, sks 15|Llme bb's 9L
Middlings, sks.. COOfWine' Kals lO.COO
Feed, aks 22! Sugar ctl«- 5, 500
Screenings, sks.. 1,6«X> Quicksilver, flks £2
Hay. tons 3001
MARCH 15.
FOR TUESDAY
Receipts of Produce.
Loses Time Between Sydney and Auckland Which, Owing
to Winter Storms, She Is Unable to Make Up and
Reaches This Port About Nine Hours Beyond Schedule
ine Liverpool. $14, $15 and $IC per ton In pack
ages of 224, 100 and BO lbs respectively.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c:
Powdered, 6.50c: Candy Granulated. 5.50c;
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.40c; I>ry Granu
lated, coarse, 5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only). 5.20c;
Confectioners' A, 5.40c; Magnolia A, 5c;
Extra C. 4.90c; jGolden C, 4.80c; "D,"
4.70c; barrels, 10c more; half barrels, 25c more:
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bars, 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets — Half barrels, 5.90c; boxes.
6.15c; H. & E. Crystal Domlncn, 8.40c per lb.
No orders taken for Ies3 than seventy-flve bar
rels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sizes, $18010; ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood, $10@23; Lath, 4
feet, $3 75@4; Pickets, $17@25; Shingles. $2 for
No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for
split and $15 for sawn; Rcstlc. $32@34.
LINER SONOMA ENCOUNTERS HEAVY
WEATHER AFTER LEAVING AUSTRALIA
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
TONOPAH MIXING EXCHANGE.
JY>l!owinn were tho sale* «n the San Fran
cisco and Tonopab Miring Exchange yesterday:
Morning S?5*lrn.
.ICO Evelyn •"?' SW Rav & OBrten. f«'
i SCO Evelyn : »!: COO Ton l>lmont.. 88
; KeC MarNamara 201 2f*> Ton Relimm. . Ki
I '"0 Mont Ton ..t 25' loo Ton Belmont.. 62
1000 Paymaster .. Hi
Afternoon Session.
100 Evelyn ...... 351 100© Mont Ton ..!»
200 Gold Anchor. 23|100i> Paymaster ... 11
SCO Mac.N'amara . 1921CO Ton Midway.. :»
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, March IS—* p. m.
Bid. Ask. i BM.A?k.
Alpha 07 (injustice J|^ '*
Alta 07 f'J.Kentuck .' <>- '•
Andes 47 SOj Keyes Graes.. «5 —
Belcher 25 -6! Lady Wash •••—„*?
nest & Belch. 2 20 2 3:>i Mexican " 22 ~ 15
Bullion 10 12,Occidental ... RH _ J|?
Caledonia ...1 13 1 2i>; Ophir » ™) Ho
Challenge Con 34 :;t;!Overman .... -•> -?
*:hollar 1» 21!Potos1 2fl -•
«\>nfldence -.1 05 1 U'j Havaga * ;
Con C & Va.l SO 1 83 Scorpion ". 08
Con Imperial. t>2 l^JiSeg Belcher . . li> 12
Con NT frt 04! Sierra Nev .. «4 «3
Crown Point. 22 21' Sliver Hill .. «5 ««
Kast Sierra N 0.', — ISt Louis 1° — ;
Eureka Con.. — so: Syndicate 04 •«
Exchequer .. IS 17!I'nion Con .. £•*> s<i
Gould & Cur. 4fi 4«: Utah 20 21
Hale & Norc. P" OK 1 Yellow Jacket 35 ;J7
Julia 03 ' 00[
TOXOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Co!ehan — l«|Ray Ton ... — 1*
Esperama ... — 01| Ray & OBrien — 10
Gipsy Queen. — 30'Rescue ©"7 i^8
Gold Anchor. 1« 22! Ton Belmont. . 63 63
Gold M Con. 04 — 'Ton * Cal... — 2**
Hannapah ... — 15' Ton Exten •• — T°
Hannapah M. — 25 t fon Fraction.. 10 45
MacNaraara . 1* 2OiTon * G W. 02 —
Mlzpah Kx .. in — JTon of Nev.. 6 CO 7 TO
Mont Ton..l 23 1 27 4 Ton N* Star.. 30 SI
N T Ton — C2 Ton Midway.. 33 4O
Paymaster... — 12' Ton Superior.. — IX
Pine Grove .. — 10, United Ton... 12 —
Ray Exten .. — 13' West End ..18 —
/HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .-.WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 1904.
14
DEATH NOTICES.
Continnext From Page Thirteen.
rrt! street, where services will be held under
the auspices of New Century Circle, No. 313.
C. O. F. cf A., commencing at 2:30 o'clock.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HI'GHES— In this city. March 15. l»04. Rienr-l
Hughes, beloved husband of Mary C. Hushes,
lather of W. S.. Robert O., Katherinc. FranJc
and Roy Hughes and Mr*. W. J. Reid, and
brother of E. C. Hughes and Cyrus Roberts
of Camden, a native of Remsden, Oneida
County, New Tork. aged 6<i years and 8
months. (New Tork City and Camden, N.
Y., papers please copy.)
tCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Thursday) at 10-.1S o'clock, from St. Mary's
• ."•lurch. California and Dupont streets. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by oar from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Remains
at the parlors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission
|'JI«t
ISAKSON— In this city. March 15, 1904, Axel
Isakson. a native of Finland.
JACKSON — In Olant. Contra Costa County,
t'al., March 14. 1904, Farrnr Jackson, son
of the late Dan and Frankie Jacl::sn, • and
brother of Arthur. Walter, Ethel, Alice ar.d
Pan Jackson Jr., a native of New Tork, aged
S2 yeare.
C7Notice of funeral hereafter.
KEI.LT— In this city, March 15, 1004, Mary,
wife of T. Kejiy, and beloved sister of John
M., Thomas J. and James A. Lyons, a na-
tjv« of S*n Fraoicjeco.
C7"Ren:ains at the funeral parlors of Mc-
Ginn Bros., 224-226 McAllister st.
K^RSBEUG— In this city. March If, 1904,
Oscar t\\, belored fon of Frank ard Helena |
Korsb>>rK. and brother of the late Hulda •
Korabfrg. a native of Sweden, aged 22 years
7 months and -G Cays.
CTFrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thurt- !
dcy. March 17, at 10 o'clock, from the fam- |
fly residence. 2121 Greenwich street, near ;
PtniBac*. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
torj-. by carriage.
LANG— In this city. March 13. 1904, May,
desrly belr>\ed wife of Ernest L. Lang, lov-
ir.g daughter of Mrs. I), and the late David
ifareen. and firter of John, Catherine and
Elizabeth Harem. |
C7Ftieoda anj acquaintances are respect- t
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day I
¦ Wednesday), at » o'clock, from the pailors ¦
of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue, I
the.nre to St. I'atrirk'e <"hurch. where t-er- I
vioet- will be held, conimencing at 1*:45
(•'(•look tsr.arp). Interment Holy Cross Cem-
. t*TJ".
MFLLKR— In I^>s Gatof=. Cal.. March 13. J004. !
Steven Miles Miller. Fon of William J. Mil- i
ler and Naucy M. Miller, aged 2 years 11)
month* ar.d 22 days.
M1I-1 — In this city. March 15. 1JW4. William !
tt*. Mill, a native of England, aged 76 years
I montii and ;- dajf.
O'CABA— -In this city. March 15. J904, Pat-
rick Thomay, beloved husband of Etta Pimp- |
p-'n O'Uara, lather of Katie, May. Mabrl. ;
Hazfl and Gertrude O'Gara and the late !
Tliomas O'Gara. and brother-in-law of Mrs. 1
H. Jacobpon and Mis. Edward Allaid and ;
ilaitin and Ro»-e Griffin, a native of Ireland, I
aped ;:s yfars.
CSTFriends and ncquaintancer are respect- ¦
fully invited to attend the funeral Tl:urs- '¦
• iny. March 17. >it » o'clock, from hie late '¦
iet.;d«-ijee. ZCA l_';ah ftrtet. thence to St. ]
¦'hat let- Uorrcmeo'ei «.'hurch. corn<-r Elgin- j
« rnth and Shotwell streets, where a requiem •
hish n:afs will be celebrated for the repoee i
•if lur soul, at K» o'doc-k. Interment private, •
Holy Cross Ccnwteiy.
UHAKA-ln this city. March 13. 11*04. Frank •
o'Hara. beloved husband of the late Mary
O'llara, and dearly beloved father of Sadie,
•lolm and Hugh O'Hara. Mrs. L. Bollanger. |
Mr*. It. Martin, Mrs. J. Cule and Mrs. J. I
l.nsravf. « native of Ireland. A member of I
frank!. 11 Lodge No. 44. A. O. U. W.
E7Th» funeral will take place to-day
• Wodnesda} '». ti 8-^<> o" clock, from the par-
lore at the United Undertakers. $64$ Mission
• -treti. between Fourth and Fifth, thence to I
st. Patrick's Church, where a requiem I
high m«s will be celebrated for the repose j
<•: his fouI. commencing nt 9 o'clock. Inter- ,
:i eat Holy Cross Cemetery.
I'ATKK— In ibis city. March 15, 1904. Maria !
T'ator. beloved mother of Mrt. J. Ruddick, i
a native of France, aced S4 years.
CJTFi irnds and acquaintances are respect-
:iilly lorjted to attend the funeral Thurf- |
day. March 17. at lt» o'clo-k. from her late |
rckidcace. 5|i T»y street, off Clay, between |
Pov»il and Mason street?. Interment Odd I
Frllcwf" Cemetery.
PKI'IN — In Giant. <*ontia Costa County, March I
14. 1!*>4, John J. Pepin. belied son of the I
let*- Mr. nnc! Mrs. Joseph P«?riin. brother of I
J. E.. 3'r^d. Thct^-az aud Florence Pepln.
and nojison of >'arah A. Pepin. a native of
t-'unUi <"iuz. Cal.. aged .".S yeary. (Santa
Ciuis r.gjxrs pkase exjpy.)
E^Nuiic* ..f fi'.nfral hereafter.
PCrtTA -In this city. March 15. 1304. at St.
Jonepft'a Hfnr'tal. G. E. Port^. a. native or
• 'onioTie. itzerlaTiiJ.
KTfMUcc oT runcrpl hereafter.
Pur.TEOUS— In this city. March 14. 1904, j
.Tenet B. Porteous. of Koss Valley, Cal., j
niiiow of the late James S. Porteous, a r.a- '
live if S.x>t!and. aged t>4 years.
C3Tricr:d5 are invited to attend the !
'uneral :«rvic«« at II o'clock. \Vedn»^da>. I
Miiich lti, at thf i-efsidenc- of Mrs. Kobtrt 1
Hherwood, 1123 California Btreet. Interment
private.
TMHREP.-In this city, Jta-ch 14. 1901, i
Minna. b«lo\ed wiro cf the Tatc Jacob Roh- j
ier, dearly beloved mctl.rr of Mrs. G H i
iioulion. \\ ilHan J., Frederick J.. Karl ;
und Theodore Hr.hrer. ami Ix-loved rister of I
Mrs. K. Bej-cr. Mn=. I:. Nr^ihis. Mrs. Ma- :
tie Haarei and -< - hrifctiiin Wieland. a native ;
of Endeisbaoh. Germany, aged 47 vears 2
months and ~' days.
C7Frifr.d» and aoquain*.anc*!!> are re!«pect- I
fully inxiteu to attend the funeral services
Thu;tday, March 17. «t 10 o'clock, at her |
!»ie residextce, l'4:il Folncm street, n.iar '
T»«-nty-aitt. thence to Odd Fellows' Ceme- I
fery.
I» rr KN— In this city. Marrh 14. 1»r>4. \dolph S '
-t'-n. a native of B«r«d«a. ag'-d SR yrarf.
K7Fririids an.l a<-c.uaintanif s arc* respect- !
t-t:.v Invited t.. arteixi tfie funeral to-morrow I
ai ". °«!^ k - from Memorial !
Hall. Oa<l Ff'lli .w» buiidinc. corner Seventh •
¦ r>d K^rk^t Htr^etr. undrr the aurpjoes of i
I<l<l«n Get* Jxrfigrr. Xn. 2^14, 1. <j. <j. F. R"- !
n^ains si th" ih»!«>l of Charles H. J Tru- !
-ran &• Cr:. 15*-<# Mission j=tro«-t »>etvxpe:i |
Fifteenth and £ixi*.»ntli. Interment CZPTCa '
Lawn Oetaeltgy. by »^rriage.
XMUSON—In this rltjr. March 14. 1904 Jeanie !
beloved wifr of William Wilson, and mother !
of Wlllian. Thomas. ;ienry and Annie Wil- ¦
•on »nn <i»orge Duii'-Rn, a native of GIa»- I
KO Z+.£ < V t] *"' i - b^** 4 ** >" ar * and s months.
E7fn«nd« and noqnainiaiics arc resiject-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. We* n* flay., at H o'clock, from the par-
lors cf H. T. Puhr *- <'o.. 11:57 Mission street
£t*~n. Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet ( pmetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero etreeU. 1
* CARD OF THANKS. '
« 7X' -Vv*" TnH " i rripr l^" an<1 acquaintance* I
n ho cave so many evidences of their sincere
UBdnew aiv] comforting sympathy and
U^ut.ftjl floral offerings during our late I
.en-avemrn, of loving and only child! j
Iltl&vC Bavhrodt Jr., we desire to extend'
¦ ur h'artielt thankf. cuena ,
MR. AM> Ml'.P HLOO c. BACHRODT.Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, . March 15. — The f eature , of .; the
Continued on Page Fourteen.
I While a number ' of narrow variations In
j Beans will be seen, the general/ market re
' mains about the same. The recent decline In
the Michigan market stopped 'shipments to
the East from California, but It is now re
ported that the . Michigan market is showing
i more firmness : again, ¦ owing to colder weather
1 there. > Trade - continues - quiet. • There Is no
¦ further change In . Seeds. •»
BEANS — Bayos. $2 35#2 80: Pea,. $3©3 25;
Rutters $3 500.1 75; small White. $363 15;
I large • White. ¦ $2 65©2 75; Pink, $3 20@3 35;
I Red $4 50£5; Lima. $3 2(M13 33; Red Kidneys.
i $4 50®5:> Blackeye, $2 lu®2 20 per etl; Horas
1 Beans $2©2 50. V- v ¦
: SEEDS— Brown Mustard.. $3 75*4: Yellow
Mustard. - $3©3 25: Flax. $1 80©l 00; Canary.
Beans and Seeds.
Hops are quoted quiet and lower. Stocks ar*
about one-half those at this time last year, but
about as large as In the two preceding years.
The decline affects both spot and contract
goods. The New York market Is dull. The
Portland Telegram of a recent date says of the
Oregon market:
"The Hop market Is decidedly quiet and no
buyers or brewers are " In sight at . present.
Speculators who paid as high as 20c a pound a
few months ago are getting dlscVmragad, as
when they bought 30c and even 40c was talked
of as among the possibilities, A sale of 130
bales, of choice Hops March 7 at 24 %c indi
cates how the demand for that product stands.
The seller had paid 27 %c a few months ago
and thus lost 3c a pound on the transaction."
Wool Is nominal and unchanged.. Several
small 'lots of the new clip have come la. but
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Miscellaneous Markets. |
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10Hc per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium, 13c for light.
13»Jc for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lA%c; California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef, $10 50®ll per bbl
extra M»*e. $U 6O®12; Family. $12 50^13;
prime Mess Pork, $15: extra clear. $24S25'
Mess, $18; Dry Salted ' Pork. lOHOllc: Pig
Pork. $27, Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb. A
- LARD— Tierces quoted, at 6%c per ¦ for
compound and IHio for pure; half-barrels pure
Oiic; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins, 10^c; 3-lb
tins, 10%e.
- OOTTOLENE— One half barrnl, ftsje; three
half barrels.' 9i4e: one tieree. 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, S%c per lb.
The situation stands the same everywhere,
the market being more or 'less weak. Local
merchants report a fair average demand for
cured meats and barreled goods, at prices
which have ruled for a week or so.
Provisions.
The Government is out with another call for
bids on 2382^ tons of Hay,, deliverable at San
Francisco Seattle, Tacoma or Portland, the
bids to be opened April 15. This Imparts re
newed strength to the market and with the
lighter receipts offsets the . recent depression
on account of the copious rains. But there
Is still a large quantity in the railroad yards,
accumulated during the recent storm, and un
til that is cleared away . there is very little
chance for ' the market to strenst-hen. . Prices
remain unchanged.
Bran and Shorts have turned . firmer again
and are quoted higher, with light offerings.
Middlings show no change.
BRAN— $1005120 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27 50<S29 per ton.
SHORTS— $19i820 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23 50©24 50
per ton; Oilcake. Meal at the mill, $29 50631:
lobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22®23; Corn
Meal $20 50@30 50; Cracked Corn. ?30®31;
Mixed Feed. $22(fi23; Horse Beans, (30®
40 per ton; Broom CornFeed, 00c per ctl.
HAT Wheat. $15®17 CO; - Wheat and Oat,
»153>17; Oat. $14 50610; Wild Oat. $13©15:
Barley $13®15; Stock, , nominal — none here;
Alfalfa. $12013 50. •
STRAW — 50@75c per bale.
Hay and Rccdstuffs.
Rather more demand for Flour and Millstuffs
Is reported at firm and unchanged quotations
FLOUR— California S Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10 usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 <0@5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 85@4 25
per bbl
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25^ per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour '$4 60^4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa\
rink. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbls. $7 2ft®8 60; in sacks, $6 75®S 10:
Pearl Barley $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. |5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
a referendum to-rtay. : The statement of the
full export* for February did not sufficiently
offset the unfavorable showing of agricultural
export? for the period to frtve much, satisfac
tion.' Th«. payment by. the sub-treaeury of
$1,753,000 on account of Japanese cold d>-
f»o\'ernrnent In Parliament. There was some
disposition to assunif a vote against a strike
."jy the eoft coal miners who were voting on
I applicable to many other important corpora
tions, will not be pushed for the present at
least. Stocks of corporations which have been
. pointed to as vulnerable under ' proceedings
J bas»ed upon the case Just determined were con-
I ftplcuous Jn to-day's upward movement.
I Northern Securities itself and - securities of
th* companies Immediately affected were strong
and gave a sympathetic tone to the rest of
the market. An Improved ton« In foreign
markets helped the advance until the London
market i-eaetedon the adverse vots • to the
no evidence to-day of any pressure to sell
on account of the decision and the bears,
upon perceiving this, proceeded to buy to
cover their ehnrt contratts. They found only
moderate offerings of stocks and were obliged
U. bid prices up considerably before thay were
able to supply their needs. The Northern
Securities raso was Ftill the point on which
the market hineed. It is ovMent that aElde
from ihe embarrassment Incident to a re
distribution of securities the financial com
munity has materially modified its feeling of
value of Northern Securities device since the
period when its mere mention was' sufficient
to conjure up buoyant activity in the stock
market. Another Important Influence upon
the sentiment of operators was the assurance
conveyed In Attorney Qeneral Knox's etatc*
mentthat "the Government does not ' intend
to run amiick." This wsi accepted as an in
timation that the powers now undoubtedly
secured to the executive and believed to be
NEW YORK. March 1.1— There was a mod
erate and well-sustained demand for stocks
to-day, which resulted In a substantial ad
vance In prices throughout the list. . Business
was not larger than yesterday, while the de
livery of the Northern Securities opinion was
In progress, but to-day's market wa« entirely
lacking In the feverish tone and erratic fluctua
tion* which characterized yesterday's market.
The buying was somewhat Intermittent, -but
there was no intervening backsets. It was
the general conviction that this buying came
from a short Interest which has counted upon
a decline following the Northern Securities
decision to buy stocks at a profit. There was
New York Stock Market.
Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5% per cent-
Sterling exchange was sternly at the de
cline, with actunl- buFlness in bankers' bills at
$4 *CC5@4.W57O for demand «nd at X4.S3ao©
4.64 for sixty-day bills. '
PoFtt-d rates, J4 64% and $4 87%.
Commercial bill*. $4 83%.
Bar silver. 5C%c.
Mexican dollars, 44%c.
Bonds — Governments, steady; railroads, flrm.
T'.njp loans were eai=y. Sixty days. 3 per
cent: ninety days. 3&3% per cent; six months,
3' ;^/ 4 per c«nt.
NEW YORK, Marrh 15.-- Close— Money on
call, 1*4 1/2 per rent; closing bid, 1% per cent;
offered, 1% per cent.
New York Money Market.
I EASTEBX MABKETS. I
RAISINS— The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades, 50-lb cases—2
crewn Loose Muscatels. 5Kc per lb:
3-crown. 5%c: 4-crown, 6%c; Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4V,c; Seedless floated, 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose. 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, 4%c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached, 5%c. Layers, per 20
1b box— 6-crown Imperial clusters, $5; 5-crown
Dehfsa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy dustsrs
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional Imjxcs and layers. Seeded — Fancy 16-oz
cartons, per lb. 7%c: fancy 12-oz cartons, p«r
package. t>%c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7%c;
choice lt^ox cartons, per lb. 7%c; choice 12-oz
cartons, Ter package. 6Uc; choice bulk car
tons, ner lb. 7Mc; 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings. Muscatels, per lb. 7c: lz-os cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 5%c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 6%c.
NUT8— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13%f?t4c-
No. -2. 11%©12c: No. 1 hardshell. i:»tu;i%c:
No. 2. ll@ll%c: Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils, II %o for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and - OVic for LangUedoc; Peanuts, 6^7c for
Eastern; Pecans, 11® 13c; Cocoanuts, $4 60©5
HONEY— Comb. lO^ll^e for white and ?%'
(?l)%c for amber; water white extracted S@
5'.ic: light amber extracted. 4%®4%c; dark.
3%(S4c.
BEESWAX— 27629c per. lb.
All quotations remain unchanged
FRUIT— Apricots. 8H@10^c for 'Royals and
9^ 12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples 4v 4 o
5%e; bun-dried. 3*i@4Uc; Peaches. 5«7i*c-
Pears, 8811%c; Nectarines, 5@5%c- Figs
white. 3€f4c In boxes; black, 4J4e; Plums, pit
ted 6@8c per lb. j
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%@2Xc for* the four
s!zes. .
There is a very fair demand for Fruits
In the East, as will be seen in the first col
umn, but Raisins are slow. The San Fran
cisco market' is reported flat by the brokers,
nothing being wanted except In a small m-ay.
Honey continues quiet, with the Cuban product
an active competitor In New York. Nuts aru
cteadlly held, but Inactive.
Dricd Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5%c spot and 5%c Juno-
July; Pan Qu*r>tin. $5 25; Wool Bags. 32$iV;
Fleece Twine, 7%©Sc.
CANNED FRUIT8 — The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following price
list:
w w a
5 S3 I I
FRUITS. We. $ 5"
? I I I;
Apples si B5j$| 3 oj|l £0'$l 10
Apricots | 1 35j 1 23J
Blackberries .". ... i eoi i i.. 1 30( 1 20
Cherries, R. A 2 13| 1 90) 1 70| 1 40
Cherrlf.s. white | 1 75 1 «S0| 1 3S
Cherries, black 20O 173 160 133
Grapes 133 ijy 110 100
Yellow Free Peaches 1 4& ;..
Lemon Cling Peaches... 1 80 1 CO 1 30 1 2O
Pears 2 00 1 73 '....
Mum* 1 35 1 15 1 05 83
Raspberries 2 50 2 23 2 10 190
Strawberries 2 00 175 1 60| 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2%-lb
standard. 85c; Green Peas — Petlts pois,
$1 35: standards. 0Oc: standard, sifted. SI 05:
extra sUted. *l 20: marrowfats. 87%e.
COAL— Wellington. %R per ton; N«w Wel
lington. $$; Seattle. $« 50; Bryant. $6 50- Bea
ver Hill. |8; Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7; Coo«
Bay. ?3 50; Greta. $7: Wallsenrj. $7: Richmond,
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 23 Jn
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14>;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannrl. $.H 5o p*r ton; Coke. $11 5CS13
yr ton in bulk and $15 tn sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptons. $11 45 per 20OO lbs anji $12 80
per long ton, according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4%e;
cases, regular, 6',ic; cases, extra large. 6%c;
Eastern style, 6V»c; boneless, 6\ic: "Norway."
6>4c: "Narrow Gauge." 6\c: "Silver King."
7%c; blocks. "Oriental." 6%e: blocks. ¦•Sea
bright," «%c: tablets. 7c; middles. V&H\c:
fancy boneless. S'4fes* 4 c: pickled Cod. bbls $S;
pickled Cod. half bbls, $4 75.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
follows. CO days or % per cent discount for
cash, no sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila. 14%e;
Sisal. lO-^c: Duplex. 9%c; Bale Rope. ll£®
ll%e per lb. I
COFFEE — Costa Rica— Nominal: ISVj'SIV:
for strictly prime to fancy washed: i:'Uui;!.j
for prime washed; ll%'612 1 4c for good washed;
10%©12%c for gcod to prime washed peaberry;
9%#10%e for good to prime peaberry; 10%9
12c for good to prime; 9@10%,c for fair; 7$S%c
for common to ordinary.
Salvador— 14@14%c for fancy washed: 12%9
13%c for strictly prime . washed : 10@12c for
good to prime washed; 8%tft>%c for fair
washed: 10O13c for fair to prime washed pea
berry: 9KfqO-%c for good to prime semi-washed:
9<89V»c for superior unwashed; 8%1iS9c for good
green unwashed; 9%S10c for good to superior
unwashed peaberry; "§8c for Inferior to or
: djnary.
Nicaragua — 12Vt@13%c nominal for prime to
fancy washed: »%t?llc nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; 8%«S<*ic for good to su
perior unwashed; 9%©10%c tor good to prim*
unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 14®15c for fancy
washed: 12*4© 14c for prime to strictly prime
washed; HHSU%c for strictly good washed;
10*i©llc for good washed: OV'tiSlOVic for fair
washed: 8@9c for medium; 7gSV;e for Inferior
to ordinary; 10%©12%c for fair to prime,
washed peabcrry: »%«10c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; S%®Oc for good to su
perior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 20«32c: extra
heavy 30<840c per lb: medium. 27®2»c; light.
24(&26c; Rough Leather, 2«'®29c; Harness
Leather- heavy, S&Q'JOc tor No. 1 and 29i?:i5c
for N6. 2: medium. 30637c: light. 29©33c:
Skirting. No. 1. 40^42c; No. 2. 36«38c: Col
lar Leather l.V^lCc per foot: Trace Leather. 40
OHc- KlP unfinished. 40<e50c per lb; Veal.
tlnished7 MV8«0c cer lb: Calf, finished. «5cS*l
per lb' Wax Sides, 16017e per foot; Belt Knife
Splits 14»16c; Rough Splits. 8«10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. f2C@2S per ton; stick.
$15<S19 per cord.
OILS Quotations are for barrels; for cases.
add 5c- Linseed. 40c per gallon for boiled and
47e for' raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 7Oc:
lakers' A A $1 1^1 12: Lacol. 43c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 60#70c per gallon:
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 38c for Ceylon and 53c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Ol! 8Jic' natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c; extra
bleached' winter Whale Oil. 63c; natural Whale
Oil 60c ' extra winter strained Lard OH. 73c:
No' 1 Lard Oil. 60c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
Ko' 1 Neatsfoot OIL 63c: light Herring Oil.
45c dark Herring Oil, 4.".<-: Salmon Oil. ISc:
boiled" FUh OH. 40c: raw Fish Oil. 3Sc; boiled
paint Oil. 33c: raw Paint Oil. 33e.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c; Penrl OH. In cases. 20%c; Astral. 20t.jc:
Star. 20%c: Extra Star, 24%«; Elaine. 2K%c:
Eocene. 23%c; Deodoriaed Stove Gasoline. In
bulk 16c: In cases. 22%e; Benzine, in bulk.
13c: 'in eases, 19%c: 8<i-d«*re<» Gasoline In
bulk. 23c: In cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— 84c per gallon In cases and
78c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red I>a.l. 8UB
7C per lb; White- Lead. 6VjQ;c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $43©44 for local us* and
$42 60e43 SO oer flask for export.
SALT— Bales, $1 40; Dairy. $S SCQ9 per ton:
Granulated. $8 5O910: Hat: Ground. 100-U>
bags $4 50: do. BO-lb bags. $3: Rock Salt.
$4 25 In 100 and $4 30 in tit lb bags: G«nu-
CITRUS FRUITS — Nave! Oranges, *1©2
per box for fancy and 50c«$l 25 for standard
to choice; Tangerines, 75c<g?l 23 per box-
Lemons. |1 78<g2 50 for fancy. $1 25@1 60 for
choice and 75c@$l for standard; Grape Fruit,
$1 25@2 50; Mexican Limes. $fi*z6 50: Bananas.
|1©2 oer bunch for Hawaiian and $1 A0*?2 25
for Central American; Pineapples, $1 50@2 50
per dozen.
Trading In Oranges was quite active owing
to the clearer weather, but supplies were still
far In excess of the demand and conditions still
favored buyers, who took advantage of the low
prices and purchased freely. The outlook for
better prices is gloomy, as supplies on the way
to this market are large, ten cars being sched
uled for to-day'a auction. The other Citrus
fruits were in free supply and featureless and
Bananas and Pineapples were unchanged. The
steamer Sonoma brought up 3395 bunches of
Bananas and 25 crates Pineapples.
Strictly fancy Apples were firm and some,
dealers were asking $2 25 for the best New
town Pippins, but sales at that flgjire were
rare. Ordinary fancy fruit was steady, while
common and the choice grades were neglected,
as peddlers and small dealers were working
almost exclusively on Oranges
APPLES— $1 7562 25 per box for extra fancy.
$1 254j 1 50 for ordinary fancy. 85c@|l for
choice and 35<8«J5c for common. ¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
COAST RECORD.
n 2 g tJ OT *a
I £S j?g <f gagf 3
3 =3 23 =2 s; s
A «r ?6 O-X- ~° -
STATIONS. 2 $1^5 3 : a £ S
: ! s : " : ?
ftik-T 3O.J4- 3S 24 XE Clear . .04
I Oirfon 'J-J.US 52 X8 XV Clear .02
Eureka SO. 06 52 38 W Pt.Cldy .00
Fara'lon 30. o« r.O 50 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Fr#>.-no 2».»* ««J 50 NW (.".ear .00
Flagstaff ..:.?}. m M 34 ' SW Clear :00
ln<ltr>endenee .29.80 C2 48 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Loe Ar.Keles..29.!«»i <A 4\ W l»t.Cidy .(*)
Mt Tama!pla*.30.03 4fl 44 NW Pt.Cldy -2S
North Head 20 .... ..
Phoenli. 2».76 S) W W Cloudy .<»
Pooatello 30.02 40 36 SW Clear .01
Portland 30.14 50 :j(> NW Cloudy .00
Pt. Rtyes 30.00 52 40 W Cloudy .00
Red Blulf 80.00 62 4S SB Oear .««'
not-oburtc 30.08 02 30 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento ..30.00 5fc SO SW Pt.Cldy Tr.
Salt Lake»...2S>.!»2 48 3S NW Pt.Cldy .3.>
Sa.n Franei»eo.30.l»S 54 4S W Clear .08
Ran L- Obispo.30.02 «;2 B2 W It.CIdy .00
Kan Diego 29. 9« 6« M SW Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.1S 46 34 S cloudy .18
Spokane .10.16 42 28 NW Cloudy Tr.
Tatr>Oi=h 30.16 44 .. W Ft.Cldy .10
Walla Walla. 30.16 50 34 SW Clear .10
Witmemucca .2-J.JI8 46 30 NE Pt.Cldy .tti-
Yuma 29. "S -80 60 -W Cloudy .00
The iirersure has risen slowly over the
Northern half of the Pacific Slope and has
fallen raoi<llv over Arizona.
Cloudy wrather prevails over the greater
portion of th* country west of the Rooky
Mountains. No rain has fallen rxcept showers
in the Sacramento Valley.
The rivers are falling and conditions are
Improving.
A maximum velocity of 30 miles from the
Southwest is, renortPd at Flagstaff.
Forecast mnde at Pan Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnleht, March 36:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; light
north winds; light frost in the morning.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday;
lirht westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday: cooler.
Ean KrancjKcn «nd vicinity — Fair Wednes
day; light westerly winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, March . 15. — Bearish sentiment
pervaded the pit at the opening, the cause
being lower Liverpool cables and lower North
west receipts. Initial quotations on May were
off '/4ti^c at JHi%@tW%e. July was down
U6%c to M.<3%c at i>ivi<&91%c. In absence
oi any mattrml support the market developed
greater weakness. May declining to i)5%c and
July to !.'i('s<\ On the slump there wai good
buying of July .from an influential quarter.
Th<J demand was so persistent that prices
finally yielded and 6tarted upward. Shorts
covered, freely on the bulge and there was
also "a''gt>Qd Commission-house "demand, i The
advancing tendency was coincident with an
unusually strong cash demand and firmness
in out.sMe markets. Reports of a remarkable
pcarcity of cash wheat and of the> strenuous
efforts millers were making to get material
for "grinding were pronounced factors in creat
ing a strong tone during the last hour. One
of the reports was to the effect that St.
Louis had sold 2U0.00O bushels of wheat to
go to Mlnneaoolis. As the session drew near
the end offerings were hard to find. In view
of this condition and the active demand clos
ing prices were at the tip-top. May 97 %c and
July 93c.
Heavy selling of the July option character
ized early trading in the corn pit and In conse
quence the market ruled weak. The close was
strong and practically at the top price. May
opened tt@%c lower at 53%®r>3%c. _After
selling between 53%c and 54%o the close was
«t 54%c. July ranged between 51c and 52l£c
and closed at 52 %c, with a net gain of %(&%i*.
The action of other grains was largely the
dominating Influence in trading In oats. The
close was steady at a small decline. After
opening %<flft c lower at 40%#llc May
rnnged between 40%@40%c and 41c and closed
at 41c. July closed with a loss of %@V4c at
at'Ssc.
The weakness injgrain brought out selling
orders In provisions early in the day. For n
time the market showed weakness, but with
; the advance In wheat and corn a better de
mand for hog product* developed, resulting in
a steadier tone. The close on May pork was
a shade lower at $14@14 02%. May lard was
unchanged at $7 25 and ribs down 5c at
f7 22%. ______
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Article^ — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May OeV, 07% 05% W»
July (old) m%l. 04% O2V4 - "4Vi
July (new) fll% »3 ¦ ¦ 80% .93
Bept <old) K7 RR 88»i 88
Sept (new)..... S5?4 86% ' 85}i 86%
Corn No. 2 —
May S3% 64% 53% 54%
July..... 51% «H .: 51 62%
September 50;£, 51% 50%' 61%
Oats No. 2— 5
May ..., 41 41 40% 41
July 39 39% 38% 39%
September 3.1% , 33% 33% 33%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 14 05 14 10 13 00 14 02%
July :.. ..14 30 14 30 14 12% 14 22%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 7 27% 7 27% 7 22% 7 25
July 7 42% 7 42% 7 37% 7 42%
Short Ribs," per 100 lbs—
May 7 30 7 30 7 17% 7 22%
July ....7 40 7 40 7 30 7 35
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, March 15.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour was quiet, but ' steady; No.
3 wheat, 82@05c; No. 2 red, 94%@09%c; No. 2
corn. 61%c; No. 2 yellow, 52%c; No. 2 oats,
SU%@4O»4e: No. 3 white, 40%©43c; No. 2 rye,
72%c; good feeding barley, 37@40c ; fair to
choice malting, 45@55c; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 10; prime timothy seed, ?3 10; mees pork,
per barrel, $13 S7%«?14; 'lard, per 100 pounds,
$7 O7%@7 10: short ribs sides (loose), $7@7 12%;
short clear sides (boxed). $7 37 %@7 50; whisky,
basis of high wines, tl 28;. -clover, contract
grade, $11 25. -
Articles— ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 48.200 30,300
Wheat, bushels 44.800 ' 50,900
Corn, bushels..........^..'324,700 117.100
Oats, bushels...... *f.'.... 373,100 277,200
Rye, bushels 7,700 ¦ 4,800
Barley, bushels .100.100 35.200
/ Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
'CHICAGO, March 15.— On the" Produce Ex
change to-day\the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 10S23%c; dairies, 13@21c. Eggs,
easy at mark, cases Included, l«%c. Cheese,
steady, 10%@llc. - ---
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, March 15.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500 bead; market . steady^ good to prime
steers, $5 25185.75; poor to medium. $3 70©5;
stockers and feeders. $2 50@4 30; cows, $1 60
$N 25; heifers, * *2 25©4 fip: eannerB. |l 60W
2 00; bulls. ?2«4; calves, .$2 60@6 25; Texas
fed steers. -S4&4 65. -
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 15,000 head: to
morrow, "^30.000 head: market 5<S10c higher;
mixed and butchers'. S5 3505 CO; good to
choice heavy, *5 G5@5 05; rough heavy, $5 .15
<g5 50; light, $4 »5@5 45; bulk of sales, $5 35
@5 50. '
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000 head: sheep steady
to strong; good to choice wethers, $4@4 85;
fair to choice- mixed, R3 50©4 50; western
sheep. S3 B0@5 25: native, lambs, $4@5 73;
western, lambe, f 4 DOSO. *
• Open. High. Low. Close.
May ?1 10Vi $110% ?l 10% ¦ $1 10%
December ... 1 02% 102% 102% 102^
OATS — The statistical, position of the mar
ket Is very strong. Stocks are moderate, re
ceipts are light and expected to. continue bo
and the Government is out with another call
for bids for 254H tons at San Francisco. Seattle.
Tacoma or Portland, the bl<Js to be opened April
15. Price3. though firm, are unchanged.
White $1 27%@1 37%: Black. $1 25@1 55;
Red. $l"25@l 35; Gray, $1 32% per ctl.
CORN — Not many samples are being shown
on 'Change and the market Is steady enough,
but Importers of Western report the demand
very slow. Prices show no further change.
Western sacked, »1 37%@1 40 for Yellow.
»1 35@1 87V. for White and $1 30 for Mixed;
Calfornia large yellow, $1 40@l 45; small
round do. *1 45@1 60; White. $1 37%@1 42%
per ctl* Egyptian. $1 45@1 50 for white and
$1 27%@1 30 for brown.
RYE— Previous prices rule, with light offer
ings, at $1-80®! 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May 51 10V4 $1 10V4 $1 10% $1 10Vi
December ... 1 02% 1 02% 1 02% 1 02%
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Feed $1 10® 1 12%: Shipping and Brewing.
$116^1 17%; Chevalier. $1 15@1 35 for fair to
choice.
CASH BARLEY.
-.. Open. > .--.Hjgtw^ Low. - Clo««i
&Uy *1 44% '$1 44*i $1 44U $1 H\l
December ... 1 39«4 1 83^ 1 39^ 1 .%}»
BARLEY — All sorts of stories about the Ori
ental demand are floating at>out the market
and most of them are, subsequently denied. A
certain shadowy lot for Japan (some say Rus
sia) varying In alze from 2500 to 5000 tons,
has been sold so many times lately that Its
corners are getting round. That there has
really been a line sold for the Orient seems
certain, and It is reported that the parties who
bought It (Russian or Japanese) want more,
and that is about as close to the matter as" can
be learned at present, for the story changes
every day. A reliable authority places the sale
at 5C0O tons. The market still rules flrm and
the advance Is maintained without difficulty,
offerings being light. The May option was
lower yesterday, while December was higher.
2 p. m. Session,
OpAn.'sKv-HJgh. '-¦- . Low. ,-, Close.
May .»1 *4}4"* *1 44 Vs * S» -44 V?«l- 444
December ... 1TO '^1 ;»%•'•! 39 ' " 1 39%
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m
cash: wheat.
California Club, $1 40@l 45: California
White Australian, $1 50@l 57%; Northern
Club. 11 40(^1 42ft; Northern Bluejtem, $1 50®
1 6S per ctl. -
WHEAT FREIGHTS — There is no spot char
tering of any consequence. Rates_ are nominal
at about 13b for handy-sized vessels and 20s@
22s «id, new crop loading, usual European op
tions. The chartered wheat fleet in port has a
registered tonnage of C375, against 12.300 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged. 79.030
tons, against 70.100: on the way to this port.
205.ti. r >0 tons, against 22^,400. . . ' .. «
WHEAT — The situation remains unchanged,
both here and abroad, j Stocks are ample the
world over. The only market shqwing any
fluctuation Is Chicago, which has been bobbing
about more or less lately. Foreign futures
wore lower at Liverpool and higher at Paris
yesterday. The San ' Francisco market was
firm, with higher futures. Cash grain was
quiet. , ...
Wheat and Other Grains.
NEW YORK, March 15^— Special cable and
telegraphic advices received by Bradstreet's
show the following changes in available sup
plies:
AVheat — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease 1.H75.000 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe, Increase l.;5>),000 bushels. . To
tal -supply, decrease . r )75.0OO "bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase 1.0>'t2,O0O bushels.
Oats — United fetates and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase, 1.214,000 bushels.
.* #
J Chicago Board of Trade. |
"Available Grain Supply.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, March 13 — 5 p. m.
Th«> following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with these of »-ame date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Lost This Last
Stations — 2t hours, season, season.
Eurrka 0.00 47. IS
Hed Hiuff o.Ol ' 24. «1 21.12
Fncranicntr Tr. 12. 3S Vi.:U
tian KranUsco O.OS 15.09 15.C5
Fresno O.OO 4. fl2 6.75
Independence 0.00 1.78 1.82
San Luis Oblspo ..Tr. 10.04 14.47
Los Angela 0.00 4.95 10.02
San Di"gf» 0.O0 2.C2 0.72
Weather Report.
The depression In Cheese* continues. It has
prevailed for a long time now, and the whole
salers are heartily tired of It. Stocks are
still away over the market's capacity.
Receipts were 6fl,0o0 lbs Butter, 1854 cases
Eggs and 10,100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands 21H@
22c for extras. 20@21c for firsts and' lSfflEkJ
for seconds; dairy, 15^20c; store Butter, nom
inal; cold storage. 20@21c for extras. lJfglOc
lor seconds and 16®lSc for ladle-packed.
CHEESE— 8%@0c for good to choice new
and 7©8c for lower grades; Young Americas,
0^@10c; Eastern. lSfiltic; Western 14#t5c
pe\- lb. - . .
EGGS — Ranch. 17@18c; store. 15%©16Ho
per dozen.
Receipts of Eggs suddenly ran up yester
day, as will be seen, but they are stilt about
25@o3 per cent smaller than last year at this
time. The local demand Is heavy, there Is a
brisk shipping movement to the north and
speculators are still In the field for stock to
store. Under these conditions Eggs carmot
very well help advancing, and prices were
about 1c better yesterday, with' the market
very firm.
The tone of the Butter market remained
unchanged. Receipts continued to show an in
crease, as trains were coming In more freely,
but the demand was good and there was no
accumulation.
JButter; Cheese and Eggs.
The City of Puebla,- which arrived Monday
from British Columbia, brought 3.420.000 Jap
nncpe gold yen, ¦ valued at $1. 670,000, to the
follow Ing 'banks here: Hongkong and Shanghai
Banking Corporation, l.fcOO.OOO; London. Paris
and American llank, 1.400.WJO; International
Banking Corporation. 2'JO.OOO.
Silver U jic lower.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — |4 84%
Sterling' Exchange, sight — 4 87 H
Sterling Exchange, cables ...... — 4 8S^4
New York Exchange, sight...... — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Stiver, per ounce — . 5tJ%
Mexican Dollars, nominal '.. — 43'/4
Exchange and Bullion.
Tone of the Bourses. ¦ |
Wa!! etreet stocks took an upward turn .
yesterday tmJ t-Uvsruvd from 1 to 3 points,
and c-ouoa wa«. elso h'.sher. The feeling on
tho New York k Exchange was distinctly
litttor and reflected the relief felt all around
ever tb* removal of the Northern tfecuritie* i
dtciMcn buKbt-ar from the tnaricft. There was
tn w.-.r :\ev,f to eauf disquiet. London m
considerably higher, with the Americans ac
tive. There uas a more hopeful !*-elir.g le
1-in.Pd on the continental exchanges, due ,
larsrty to a growing lilijinssiiwi that the fo-
«¦*.:: gpvtrnnifstii »vi!I r.oi be drawn into the
Oj icnta] *-ntiinclement.
Brokerage Finn Dissolved.
Th«- ettxk brokeraee firm of Bolton. De Ruy
t-: C3., wblrh suspended some week" &kg.
J ;;.!¦ ralo up all of iti> lnd'lrtednees, consider
eL>!y ..-.:: of time, and dl?s<>!ve<i. Th<? senior
j«rt:urr. Robert C. Boltca. v.lll continue in
bsjdncea a? a member oi ihe Slock and Bond
l.'.V' !:an;f.
Retail Meat Prices.
The f<:!ic>wir.s rrtail price* for meats are
«;i:ct»-i1 by the Ketail Butchers' Protective As-
BodaUop :
IlEEI 1 '— Prime Roa^t. 15@18:; Porterhouse
ft«:ik, lM^^Iiic; IVnderloin Steak. l.'QlSc;
Firlom S:tak. 12%Q.15c; Top Round Steak.
:2V... •; ]>.-. f !?tew. l«c: Corned Beef. 8&10c;
toup Bdii-s. 4c; .¦•¦¦¦.:; ileat. Ii@10c.
VKAL — Loin Uoast. l.V<ii:0c; Shoulder Roagt.
J2'-.4i l.V:; Chtj's and Cutlets l't^f'ZOc; Stew,
MUTTON— Leg. 15c; Forequartcr. lS^c;
E;c». KftlOe: Prime Chore, l5@20c.
LAMP.— I>g. 20c; Forequarter, 12V-1915c;
liind^uartcr. ISfeSOc; ghoulder Rcast. 12?.ic;
Chops. 20c.
I'«iKK- Itoart. lr^ClSc; Chops. 15©38c.
Th«-t»> prices do not cover the cheaper grades,
m+ .It is uruKMseible to quote rrirular crlces on
th*m.
Drkd Fruit in New York.
Ma'.l a<±v:cr-e from N<>ir York say: "Dealers
rt-port a stfady movement of ttockv of all lead-
Ing d»i^riptionit into coriFumpiion. but it is en
tirtlv aiotiK jobbing line* and is accompanied
by few developments of an int»re?ting nature.
Although y,t>her» state that the consumption of
1'rurirs tl qtiitc as large as it ever Is at tltis
time of the J'»-nr. v.-hlrh Is one of the bef t sea- :
aoris f>»r the tale of this fruit by reiail^r?. the |
B.erket hni 1 i VMTJT t-»fy t<m«". ThiP if attrih
viiabl- to the r.r.xiety ot holdwe to move round
tota. l'T vhlrh th*>Tt ai-»ffars to tx-- no present i
dematKl. Th« «>aknefF hire if also in a. meu
urp a reflection of conditions txlsting on the
enact, where holders, tired of waiting for East
ern buyers to tai.e hold, are endeavoring to
inttrtrvt them by makicg pric* 1 * that mtKht be
attractive under different conditions. The pur
jx*e of coast holders, however, fecmt t'> have
tl^featei! !t*elf for the prttent. as th<» <Iisj^>si
tion to make concessions has had the effect of
imi>cll:r.g t>uvers to hold off in the expectation
or a further decline on coast prices. Advices
i»reiv<d hore yi-torday were to the effect that
t-.frta <1»ra Prunes were freely offered there
on a 2^c basis. The drnsnd for spot Peaches
ciiTttinuts good, though oi.ly jobbing lots feem
to be wanted. The market is very firm both
here and in California, where ttocks are re
jorted to be clots^iy cleaned up. The scarcity
of Apricot*, cour^-d u-ith a fair demand for
•mail !ot5, imi«;rt* a firm ton» to the market,
knd DTices have &n uiiward tendency. Little
lJUCTPst is thuwn in Raisin! 1 , thejeh at *onie
thir.g undtr the in*'de gucted prices eteders
tJiisht take- fcoid c,i <V.lifcrnia loot^ Muscatels.
Holders, howev. r. sr* not disposed td make the
reouirtd concersion. Stf d»d stock movee very
•lowly at pre#-ent. but eunplies In first hands
ere n>"l r.my the market is steady. There
it- f. rather firrr.fr tone to the spot Currant
markf-t bas»d o n cable fldvice.«, and holders are
Je*s ftnxious to e*-I) at 4 s ir."
The WeaiHer and Crops.
The wffk!;- rer«irt of A. G. UcAdit. section
d>r«ct*>r of tiie climate and crop c«rvice of the
V**th«r Bureau, j s as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Nearly normal t<>nRp»rature prevailed
throughout th»- ttate during the week and the
«eath«r uas ;?<n*ral!y cloudy or tmrtly cloudy.
The heavy ntinfall on th» ftth and lCth was
•cronpanKd bjr unusually high southeast winds
in .ih^ o-ntr«l and tiorthern wectlons. the most
•evere ever experienced ia lome places. Trees
»er* upr-jotert. builiin^s ur.roofed and wind
mills and imcf biown down. The excessive
rainfall In Northern California caused a rapid
ri*f o! river* and creeks, which overflowed
their bank* ar-d flood-d train lands and
un-harts. The cncwfall in the mountains was
unu?u£lly heavy and extended well down into
the toothillc.
Tb* flooded grain inndk in th* Saeramento
and S^an Joa-jum valleys were again inundated
end tht damage will probably be very heavy.
Ir. some case* It is believed itr.poBEible to drain
tht land£ in time to raUe croi>i» of any kind.
On the lands in those districts not under water
¦ is :n good condition and growing rapidly,
¦«;t!i rroM.'<-cts of a large crvj«. From San
Francisco southward tli» rainfall was lighter
than in the north, but was of immense benefit
to all crop*. In the (southern toast district*
grain is In cowl condition and the outlook Is
eaid to bt as tiK.d at. at this date Jast year.
In tlir Scuth<rn K?n Joa4]u!n Valley and South
era California grain and hay pro*j>ectB are
t«--tter than at. «nj- time during the season.
¦ ;..'• f?td If plentiful in all etrctionu and cattle
ajx- '.L.-.i. well.
Tin- hiirh winds cauted tnme damage to
orchards', n»air.:>- jn tlie uprootir.R of trses, but
th/ 1 lots wlli nut be sever*-. Deciduous fruit
tree* *re in Mourn in ail sections and give
indications of a large yield. Southern vine
yords were Ix-nffited by the rain.
VALLEV- The weather was
Bonesttt cooler than during the preceding
•rede The high southeast wind on the l»th and
ICth wax accornpar.i»-d by heavy rainfall, both
causing great ...:.-:;!,-.. At tfacranjeato the
m-:*;d rencttd a velocity of 65 miles an hour,
th 1 -- hlii;e>=t ever recorded. Tr»*» were ui>
nxted. virAmills and fences biown down an<J
tnu<h other daxnafe reteulted Cmta the wind.
Orchar'ie and grain lends were again flooded
by Uir "Xianssjve rainfall ana overflowing
streams, and the <lair.«K« will probably be
great, cyiHicially on lowlands. There v.-a* a
vry heavy Itll of enow in the mountains.'ex
tcndii'-s well down to tht foothills. On lands
not flooded *r.d rra« axe in excellent
coriiiUr.n «nu {tr«u*lng: rarifliy. Orchards were
not tnjtertally darmM-ed crcept In the uprooting
of a. few trees »n<l j t-Tju . ts are coo4 lor Urge
emirs.
OOAET AND BAY SECTIONS— Nearly nor
mal ternperaturt- prevailed during the veelc and
the we£tntT »»* Cfnerally cloudy and rainy.
The etenr. on the iitii and lOtlv was the roost
of the eeaaoa. Much damnge. was
caused In all : •¦- :>•,•,<¦ by the high wind, though
cropu were nc4 materially injured. The heavy
rx.infsll In the <fnt«il and northern districts
caused r.n overflow of rivers and creeks and
some crain wan probably damaged. — ttridges
were wa**fcd away and ihe roads are in very
l»a<] condition. In the southern districts the
rainfail vaiU-d from 1.50 to a.i5 inches for the
¦we*k and vm very beneficial. The correepond
«it at HcllUter reiiorts that the grain and
Iruit ¦9Utlo«>k in that *ection is now as good us
at the t-. r..< date last year, and this ie prob
etily true of nearly all sections.
BAN* JOAqi'IN VALLEY— Cloudy, warm
¦u«ather uith g*nerou« rains prevailed during
the week. These condition* were most favor
ali!e Kt the rrowth of all crops end rreen
'.'-.&. Grain and uran- hav> made rapid growth
j»:n2 paclurage is now plentiful. i/i-clduous
fruits are generally in bloom and lexilng out.
gtrck fere reported healthy and Improving rap
idly. Irrigation water i* plentiful. The low
lanfe and U\un&t in the northern portion of
the valley *ih - mostly floo.:i <i by breaks in
the levett and the croi* teriuutly damaged.
NEW YORK. March 15.— Tin was lower in
London, spot closing £1 2s 6d and futures £1
5s lower. The former position closed at £125
15s a.nd the latter at £125 10s. Locally tin
was weaker also, closing at $27 75@2S 10, with
trading quiet.
Copper was unchanged at £57 2s 6d for spot
and at £5(J 6s fid for futures in the London
market. Here the market' was unchanged,
with lake at J12 E0J?12 75; electrolytic and
caFtlng. $12 37Mr©12«2%.
Lead advanced 1b 3d to £11 IS? IM in London
and was unchanged locally at. $4 60<8>4 65.
Spelter was steady and unchanged at $5@
6 10 in New York and in London at £22.
Iron closed at 51s 4d in Glasgow and at 42s
4Vi<1 in Middlfsboro. Locally iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry. Northern, $14 75@
15 25; No. 2 foundry. Northern. $14 25@14 75;
No. 1 foundry Southern, and No. 1 foundry.'
Southern, soft, $13 50<3>14.
Afe York Metal Market.
The high southeast wind on the 10th did con
f:i>ra!jlc damage in some sections, destroying
windmill* uprooting trees, and In tome places
unroofing ' houses. Plowing is progressing in
the southern part of the valley. Considerable
snow \* r>-i«-rtod in the mountain*.
BOCTHEBN CALIFORNIA— The weather
«e.« warm i-.nd olfar during the first of the
week an<1 was followed l>> cloudy weather and
th»- heaviest, raimall of the season, unmounting
to r.bcut two inches in some places. ¦ At > Up
land the reason's precipitation in C.17 inches,
at Pov.ay 4.5$ inehp*, at tfan Diego 2.0.1 incheB,
at Los Angclef 4!i5 inchep. Grain and vine
vards were sreatly bf-n^flttd by the rain. The
early sown grain is up and locking well in
mary Dlaces and ita crowth will be hastened
by the recent rain. A good hay crop new
sperAf assured and tuore may be fair <tods of
»i:eat and barley. Pasturage is plentiful. Apri
cots, srv it, bloom at Anaheim.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY— Rain came just
in time to save grain, which was dying in
P'.ac^F. but it is growing well since.* A few
late rains will make fair crops generally. Lost
rain promises fair hay crop on dry lands.
The Poultry market was in good shape, with
receipts light and the demand steady, young
stock particularly being wanted. No more
Wectern cam* in and what was carried over
from the preceding day was readily disposed
of. Common Callfornlan Hens were dull, as re
tailers were well sut>plled with lare* Western
Hens, which constituted the bulk of the heavy
receipts of the preceding day.
- Game was unchanged, receipts being Just
about sufficient to satisfy tbe demand.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 16@lSc per lb:
Geese, per pair, $2®2 23; Goslings, $2©2 25;
Ducks, $5 50@t> 50 per dozen for old and $tt 5<K£»
7 50 for young; Hens, $t> S(Krr7 50 for large and
$5 Wfjtl for small; younsr Roosters. $0 50427 50;
old Roosters. |5®5 60; Fryers. *5 50G6; Broil
ers. $5<ii5 50 for large. and $4 50®5 for small:
Pigeons $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25
©2 50 for Squab*. , . sS,
GAMK — Gray Geese. $3 per dozen; "White
Geese. $1@1 25; Brant. $1 50 for small and $2
for large; Honkers. $4@5; English Snipe. %\ 50;
common Snipe. $1 B0; Wild Pigeons, $1 50;
RabblU>. $1 00(92 for Cottontails and |1@1 25
for Brush; Hare. $1@1 25.
Poultry and Game.
LOCAL MAKKETS.
V • r- , X
boreign Futures.
." '. LIVERPOOL.
' Wheat — March. May. July.
Opening « 8% 6 8V4
Closing 6 8Vi 6 7%
Wheat— - March. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 21 CO 21 60
Closing 21 65 21 65
• Flour —
Opening 28 95 v 29 70
Clpeing 28 90 20 75
St. Louis Wool Market. .
8T. LOUIS, March 15. — "Wool, steady: me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 17@21%c;
light, fine, 15@17%c; heavy, fine, 12iB14> tt c:
tub washed. 22@31c.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. March 15.— At the wool auction
sales to-day 10.757 bales were offered. The
demand was strong, from all sections. Greasy
first combings and half-breds were steady.
Withdrawals were frequent, the total for tha
, day numbering 500 bait*.
Northern' Wheat Market.
OREGON. . -
PORTLAND, March 15.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 76<B77c; bluestem, 81©82c; valley, 81
@S3c.
WASHINGTON. .
TACOMA, March 15. — WHEAT — Unchanged;
bluest^m, 82c; club, 77c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. March 15. — Clearings, 1867,161:
balances. $122,4OS.
TACOMA, March 15.— Clearings. $383,882;
balances, $19,208. * ¦
PORTLAND, March 15. — Clearings, $658,411;
balances, $140,105.
SPOKANE. March 15.— Clearings, $332,090;
balances, $33,278.'
HOGS— Live Hogs. 110 to 200 lbs, 5%fir>T^c:
ovr £00 lbs, 5Vi'S5%c: soft Hfgs. 44«4%c;
Sows. SO s«r cent off: Boars. CO per cent off.
and Stags, 40 per cent off from abovo quota
tions.
The following quotations are for gt>od, sound
Livestock, delivered tn San Francisco, lesa 50
per cent bhrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. H©0c: Cows and Heifers,
7©Sc; thin Cowi, 4(g5c per lb.
CALVES — l@4Vic per lb (grtus weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4»^<&5c; gw»9, 4htJ4Hc
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 5% #<5c per lb.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale, rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7igSc for Steers and «U«j7e p*r lb
fcr Cowa.
VEAL — Large, 6#S'/ie: small. 8@^c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, »ii©10c; Ewes. IKiO'jc
per lb. .
LAMB— Yearlings, lie; Spring, l*5e.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, "QS'-ic per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Prices for everything remain about as- be
fore. Be*f and Mutton rule firm, with mod
erate receipts, and the local trad* say that U
will probably be along in May before any quan
tity of grass-fed stock ts received, as the sea
eon Is late. Both descriptions of Lamb are
scarce and flrm. Veal alone is in good supply.
The arrivals of Hogs about Balance the de
mand, but the market is in good shape, and
some sales at the top quotation are being made.
Meat Market.
not enough to make prices. Quotations for
Springs will probably be established n«-*t w-«k.
Good sound Hidea are steady both here and
In the East, wltb a fair demand, but grubby
stock, which forms the bulk or current ar
rivals, is not wanted. Prices are as before.
HIDES AND SKINS-Cuila and brands sell
about h'filc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. Otye: medium. SVjc; light. 7^«c: Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and »«ic for light; Stags.
tic: Salted Kjp. 9c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Cal/, lie; dry Hki-s. 13i©ltSc: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. lSc; Sheepskin*. gh«arllng»i. 25^-tOc each:
short Wool. 40ft«5c each; medium. 70&i*>e: long
Wool, |1^1 00; Horse Hides salt *i 75 for
lar*e and |2«2 60 for medium. $1 2.VUI 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
*1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. *!fi,l £"»
for small and BOc for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 3%c; dry Salted Mexican, 23c; dry
Central A>pv«rtcan. 31c. Ooat Skins — Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium.
83c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4,ViS4Hc per lb;
No. 2. 3VaiQ4c; grease 2' J '3:5e.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs'. 99
lie; Middle County, 11f|(12c; Northern- defect
ive. SK/ioc; Nevada, 13.$ 13c; Oregon, lln», 18^
10<-; Oregon, medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 24©27c per lb for California, 1303.
and 17Vic for crop of 11HJ4.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market It
quiet, with demand good and some holders
said to be asking more than quotations. Com
mon are quoted at 4©5Vic; prime, 6%<jJ5Vic;
choice, «S?(iV4c: fancy, 7<ff7V£c
PRUNES — Continue to attract a good jobbing
demand for small lota, but no tmportant trans
actions are reported. Quotations range from
3',(je to (Hie, according to grade.
APRICOTS— Are meeting with a moderate
demand and jSriees are firmly held. Choice are
quoted at 0V4S10c; extra choice, 10Vi@10%c;
fancy, 10V6®10^ic.
PEACHES— Are steady; choice, 6%07%c;
extra choice, 7»i@Se; fancy, 8%@10c.
NEW YORK, March IB.— FLOUR— Receipts.
16,200 barrels; exports. 2300 barrels. Showed
fair strength, but trade was quiet.
WHEAT— Receipt*. 19,600 bushels. Spot,
firm. No. 2 red. $102 elevator; No. 2 red.
?1 04®l 09 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, »110V«f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Manitoba, nominal afloat. Options at first
were dull and lower, following- bearish cables,
but on the appearance of a strong demand fur
cash wheat West and light supplies they had a
rapid advance, closing firm at %@%c net ad
vance. May, $1 00%«?l 02*4. closed 5102%;
July, 9ri%@flS%c, - closed 0814c; September.
8S-"KirtS»«4c. closed 89% c. :
HOPS— Easy. State, common to cholct,
1003 2S©30o; Paclilc' Coast, 1003, 26932c.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL — Firm.
PETROLEUM — Unsettled.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 3c; cen
trifugal, 00 test, 3>4c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refitted, firm.
COFFEE— Steady. The market for wrtieo
futures closed 5ff 10 points net higher. May,
5.404i5. 50c; July, 5.e5@5.75c; September, 5.95@
Cc- October, 0.10c; November, 0.15c; January,
0.35c.
DRIED FRUITS.
New York Grain and Produce.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Better tone on the American and European exchanges.
Arrival of 3.420.000 Japanese Gold 'Yen.
Siher 3-Sr l<mrr. Exchange about the swne.
Wall-street Slocks i to 3 points higher. Cotton advanced.
Local Securities continue quiet.
Wheat in ample supply all over the zvorld.
Barley firm, cri/A various rumors of an Oriental demand.
Gcvemm cut wants more Oats and Hay for Manila.
Corn and Rye quiet at previous quotations.
Bran and Shorts advanced. Middlings unchanged.
Bcav.s quiet^ zmth some narrow variations.
Potaiccs in good supply, but steady. Vegetables plentiful.
Onions Tvcak and accumulating. Some Australian received.
Poultry in light receipt and steady.
Clearer weather improves the demand for Oranges. -
fresh arrivals of Bananas from the islands.
Juried Fruits, Nuts ami Raisins very slow. v
Provisions nncJtanged in all positions.
Hops lo'i'cr. Hides steady. Wool nominal.
Cattle. Sheet* and Hops about as fireviouslv auotcd.
posited at San Francisco was met by the
report that further shipments were likely to
be made to South America.
The bond market was firm and more active
In sympathy with the strength of Burlington
Joint 4s and United States Steel seconds.
Tctat sales, $1,770,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCKftlST.-
Stock* — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atehison 1S.4G0 Ws <M"i t!8H
Atchlson pfd.. (J00 SK) NS«i »O
Baltimore & O!iio.. 23,000 75% 74 7.1%
Bait & Ohio pfd 87%.
Canadian Pacific... 3,200 111% 110% Ui%
Con of New Jersey 153
Chesapeake & Ohio. 1,700 30% 28',* 30
Chicago & Alton... 200 33;& 3S% 38%
Chi & Alton pld 80
Chi Great Western 700 15 14% 14%
Chicago &N W... 200 1«4% lit* ' UW-t
CM, Mil * St Paul. 2S.100 140% 138% 140%
C. M & St P pfd. 174
Chi Term & Trahs »\i
Chi T & T pfd 10O 19% 19% 20
C. C, C & St Louis 74
Colorado Southern. 700 17 ?i 17 !i 17(i
; Colo South 1st pfd M
Colo South 2d pfd. 200 2t 24 24
Dela &r Hudson... 1,200 151 151* 151 >»i
Del. Lack & West. * 400 2(54 255 2ti4
Denver & Rio G... 2,W>0 19*i 10^4 19%
Den & Rio G pfd C7V4
Erie 4S,r.0O 25% 2:tV4 2o*i
Krle 1st pfd 0,400 64% U2H 04%
Erie 2d pftl 8,700 41 38VS 40%
Hocking Valley 22',» i
Hocking Val pfd.. 700 78% 77 «i 78^1
Illinois Central 8<x> 127% 120% 127'/i
Iowa Central '. 18
1 Iowa Central pfd .... 3.'J
! K C Southern 100 IS 18 174
i K C Southern pM.. 100 33 XI ¦ 33
i Louis & Nash 3,700 103% 102% 10S%
| Manhattan L 500 141 >i 140^ 141 Vi
j Metropolitan Sees.. 7,500 77% 75 77%
Metropolitan St Ry 13,300 107% 1C5% 107>*
Minn & St Louts 57
M, StP & S S M.. 400 61 0C% «0%
M.StP & SB M pfd 2(K> 119 118% 111»
Missouri PaclHc 7.fi0O 00 J<7% 80%
Mo, Kan & Texas.. 1.S0O 17% 1«% 17%
M, K & T pfd 700 88% 37 Vi 37%
Ntl RR Mex pfd 35
New York Central. 1.300 115VJ 114^ 115
Norfolk & Western l.iKX) 55% 54% r.5%
Nor & West pfd 84
Ontario & Western. 1,700 20% 10% 20%
Pennsylvania 6.!,1XX> 114^4 112% 114«{,
P. C, C & St Louis 58
Reading 12,300 41»4 39% 41
Roadlng 1st pfU 201) 77 ' 77 70
Reading 2d pfd * 60
Rock Island Co... 7.(H>0 20% 19% 20%
Itock Island Co pfd 100 61 -00 61 Vi
StL & SF 2d pfd.. 200 4-1 41 42
I St Louis S W lOrt 13"K, ' 1.T& 13%
St Ixjuis S W pfd.. 400 33 Vi S3 33 Vi
Southern Pacllic... 27.60O 44U| HVt 41%
Southern Railway. O.r.CO 20% 19>^ 20^4
Southern By pM-- 800 Ki\{ «2Vi g;{
Texas & Pacific 1.4W) 23% 22% 2:^
T. StL&W....: 22',
T, St L & W pfd 33V4
Union Pacific 30,700 74 72>4 73'vi,
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 87 87 8«V4
Wabash SCO lS^i 18% 18^i
Wabash pfd 1.000 34 Vi 33 34
Wheeling & L E U\( 2
Wisconsin Central IS
Wisconsin Ctn pfd. 200 40 40 41 U
Expresb Companies —
Adams 223 '
American 1»5
United States 103
Wells- Fargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amal Cof.por 22,400 40% 45% 40%
AmerCar ic Fdy 1!)%
Amer C & F pfd.. 200 71 . 71 70
Amer Cotton Oil ; " 2S'4
Amer Cot Oil pfd h8
Amer Ice 6OO 7^4 ~V» 1%
Amer Ice pfd x 2<>o 29Va 29^ 20^
Amer Linseed Oil 8'^
Amer Un Oil pfd 20^
Amor Ixicomotlve . l.floo 221; 21 H 22
Amer Loco pfd ... <Vm) 82% 82 82 Vi
Amer Smlt & Ufg. 300 47^ 47 47%
Amer S & U pfd... 1O(> 91 Vi 01 U 01
Amer Sugar Uef... 4,8*»l) 125>4 123% 12A%
Anaconda Min Co <>3Vi
Brklyn Rap Trans. 22.300 41V4 40«4 41»' t
Colo Fuel & Iron. 400 20 27 28',^
Consolidated Gas.. 3.400 104 101% 103
Corn Products... 7,800 13Va 12'i 13
Corn Products pfd . 65 l
Distillers'Securltlcs 23U
General Electric... 4»O 163 161 l«2>i
Interntl Paper 11
InterntI Paper pfd ...; Wm\" 3
Intorntl Pump 3T»
Internal Pump pfd 74
National Lead LOGO 15 14V« 14%
North American... 60O--84- '-82 "83%
Pacific Mail 2m) 2ft 1-4 25% 20 '
Pfople's Gas ..... 3..VIO 9(5 04^i 85%
Pressed Steel Car. OOO 20% 27% 20 '
Pr Steel Car rfd.. 100 70 70 *WVi
Pullman Pal Cnr. 208
Republic Steel 200 7^ 74 7VJ
Republic Steel pfd. , 20O 42 Vi 42Vi 42 Vj
Rubber Goods 100 1SV4 18 U 18(4
Hubbf r Goods pfd 75
Tenn Coal & Iron. 2,400 37% 35 Vi 37 Vi :
IT S Leather 200 7 «'{, 7
IT S Leather pfd... 700 77V4 77>i 77V4 ;
Xj S Itealty 20O « 5% «
IT R Realty pfd ... 2.7O0 46T4 45'A 4«!«4
17 S Rubber 1^4
U S Rubber pfd .. loo 4OV4 4!)Vi 4'J
IT S Ktcel 4.400 11V« 10% 11U
U S Steel pfd 32,500 50 74 65% ?«%
Westinghouse Elec. l,t)00 160 158 150
Western l.'nlon 8814
Northern Securities fiSJJ
Total sales 484,000 sharps.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. March 15.— Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Francisco 15,000
at> 70.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 414, asked 4%; preferred, bid
38V4. asked 38%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg . .1C4V4I Louis & N Unl 4s. 0SV4
Do coup 105 I Manhattan c g 4s.10.T4
Do 3s reg ...100 |Mex Cent 4s ... 63
Do coup ..> 106Vi Do 1st ine 13
Do new 4s reg. 132 Vi Minn & St L 4s. J»6
Do coup 132>* Mo K & T 4s US
Do old 4s reg.lOSH Do 2ds 77U
Do coup 107Mj N R R of M c 4a. 75 •
A»ch gen 4g ICOVj N Y Cent g 3Vfes. {(71.4
Do adjt 4s 8SVi N J Cent g 53. ..12!)
Atlantic C L 4s. 95% Nor Pac 4s ....102%
Balto & O 4s ...101V4I Do 3s :.... 70T4
Do 2\is 83VilNor & W c 4s... fl7V4
C<nt of Ga 5s..»105Vi O S Line 4b & Par. 92
Do 1st inc .... 65%jl'eiia— conv .'J'.^s.. 951.J
Che« & O 4%6.. 101 Vii Reading Gen 4s.. 0«
ChJ & Alton 3Vjs. 70 |8t L & I M c fis.113
C B & Q n 4s.. O2V4iSt L & S F fg 4s. 81%
C M & S P k 4s.l07% St L 8 W luta.. 03%
Chi & N W c 7S.120H Spaboard A L 4s CO
C R I & P It 4s. C9",i Southern Pac 4s.. S8&
¦ Do coif* 77 Southern Ry 5s...ll2
CCC&SLg4s »8% Tex & Pac lsts.115%
Chi Term 4a 79 Tol St L &. W 4s. 70
Con Tobacco 4s .. 58 Union Pac 4s ...103VJ
Colo & Po 4s . . 84 . Do conv 4.1 ... 06'4
Colo V & I c 5s. 79 II S Steel 2d Rs. 72'|
Denver & R G 4s. 07% Wabash lstB ll&%
Erie prior lien 4s. 97 Do Deb B .... M
Do Gen 4s 81% Wheel & L E 4s. 81)
Ft W & D C lsts.lO4V»|Wis Cent 4s 89%
Hocking A r al 4V4».104%|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Alice 18lOntario 4 CO
Uteeco 10|O[.htr 4 po
Com Tunnel .... OT|phoenlx ...; o«
Con Cal & Va... 1 65 Potosl 2.T
Horn Silver .... 1 15 Ravage .......... 7T)
Ircn Silver 2 00 Sierra Nev tss
Lrf'adville Con ... 02 Small Hopes .... 22
Little Chief 06 Standard 2 (JO
Boston Stocks and Bonds:
Money — U S SteeK...... . 11
Call Joans ....3 @t Do pfd BG%
Time' loans . . .4 Vs '('•">'/= Westing Common. 7!;'Xj
Bonds — . Mining —
Atchison 4s OS Adventure 2
Do adj 4s .... 87V5 AHou#z 3V6
Max Cent 4s C3 Amal Copper 4C%
Railroads — . Amer Zinc 7%
Atchlson «4Vi Atlantic g ..,
Do pfd 00 Blngham 19%
Boston & Albany.243 Calumet & Hecla.450
Boston & Malne.105 Centennial ....... ifl%
Boston Elev ....138 Copper Range ... 41 VI
Fltchburg pfd 137*4 Daly West ...... 30%
Mex Central 10«/jiDom Coal ....... 05
N Y, N H & H..1S9 I Franklin ..... 1%
Pere Marque^te. , 7S IGrancy 3%
Union Pacific ... 73% I Me Royale t\L
Miscellaneous — JMass Mining .... nil
Amer Arge Chcm. 13 Michigan 414
Do pfd 7t I Mohawk 25
Amer Pneu Tube. 3% I Mont Coal & C. 2^
Amer Sugar ....124% Old Dominion ... »V4
Do pfd 12:'.V£ Oeceola '.;... 50 "'
Aroer Tel & Tel.. 122, Parrot ....2151
Amer Woolen ... lOVi Qulncy ....[So'
.Do pfd 75 Shannon ..." 7V4
Dom Iron & S.. 8 Tamarack ....... 90
Ed Elect IUum..234 Trinity 4ti
Gen Electric ....162 X7 S Mining . 21%
Mass Electric IS US Oil ....$%
Do pfd 71% Utah 34™
Mass Gas ....... "8 Victoria 1 ... 3
United Fruit 95% Wlnona au
Un Shoe Mach... 46 (Wolverine .../... 74
Do pfd 28%| •
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money ...86 O-1C|N Y .Central .....117%
Do acct .. Sfi%|Nor & Western.. 5(5 V6
Anaconda 3%! ¦ Do pfd ........ 89
Atchison 66% Ont & Western.. 20V,
Do pfd 01 Vi I Pennsylvania .... C7%
Bal & Ohio... .... 7« 1 H Rand Mines . - ov;
Can Pacific :.,... 113% Reading. ......... 20*4
Ches & Ohio..... 20% Do 1st pfdr.... ,T>
Chi Great' West.. 15 . Do 2d:pfd..... v-28%
Chi. Mil & St P. 142^1 So Railway :.... 20%
De Beers - •..../.; 1»%! Do pfd. ....*.'. .-.;«%
Dm &'ftln G.'... ID I So Pacific •. 4i .
Neil 1 York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. March 15.— Cotton closed
steady and unchanged to 4 points higher.
Receipts of river Potatoes were quite heavy,
and. although trade wai quiet, prices wer»-no
lower, aa the bulk of the supplies were con
trolled by a few dealers, who were not in
clined to force sales. Oregon Burbanks were
still firmly held. There were titK3 sacks re
ceived by steamer. There was an active mar
ket for need Potatoes and prices of all de
scriptions were higher. Yellow Onions were
weak, with stocks accumulattr.gr, and both
Oregon and Nevadan were offering freely at
lover prk-es. The steamer Sonoma brought up
1480 packages from Australia. >
There were liberal receipts of Asparagus,
an-1 as there was no demand for shipping prices
were lower. Rhubarb wu in amDle supply
and was selling by th« box. Receipts were
lisht. as most of the stock that was picked
on Monday was shipped direct to San Jose.
As 'usual on Tuesday the arrivals Of southern
vegetables were light and prices had but slight
variation. The Florida Bell Peppers that cam«
in on Monday sold at 6Oc per pound.
POTATOKS— ISurbanks from the river. %t®
1 20 oer ctl; Oregon Bur bank a. $1 25fil 40
per ctl; River Reds. |1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed. 83c#$l 10 per ctl;
Garnet Chiles. $1 10@l 20 per ctl; Early Rose.
$1 50<tfl 00 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $2 73
per ctl; new Potatoes. 3<&3%c per lb.
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 25©2 tO p«r etl for Or
: egon and $2 ~o r a'Z 85 for Nevadan; Oraen
Onions. 5O@75c per box.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 12>4<gUc per lb
for extra, 0@llc for No. 1 and «@Sc for No. 2;
Rhubarb., $262 25 per box; Green Peas. 4g6c
per lb fdr Los -Angeles and 6{£7e for bay;
•String Beans. l2%folJc per lb; Tomatoes, |1@
1 CO per box or crate for Los Angeles and
$1 "Zfil 75. for Mexican: Summer Squash from
Los Angeles. $1 25@1 BO per box; Cabbage,
$1 10 per ctl; Carrots, 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. $lf?l 50 per dozen;
Garlic. 5@6c per lb; Egg Plant, 15©20c
per lb; Dried Peppers. 5©Sc per lb for Stock
ton and 10(5x12 4c for southern; Dried Okra,
10@12%c per lb; Green Peppers, l.Vd'JOe per
lb; Mushrooms. ir><fj.lue per lb; Marrowfat
Squash. lglHc per lb; Hubbard. %o per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
wool market here the- past week has been the
strong demand for medium and low wools.
Territory wools aro steady. Quotations :
Idaho— Fin». JS^lGc; heavy fine. I3@14c; One
medium. - lG^3%c; medium, lC©17c; low me
dium, 17@18c. Wyoming— Fine medium.. 16©
17c; medium. i8%@19c; low medium. 19@20c\
Utah and Nevada— Fine, 15@16c; heavy fine.
13©14c; fine medium, ltiu^lic; medium. IS©
10c; '1 ow medium, 19@20c. Montana— Fine
choice,' lOW^Oc; fine medium choice, 19©20c;
average. lS!g>19c; staple, 19©20c; medium
choice. 10® 20c. •
5%(§5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14@14%c; Rape,
lVi@2c; Timothy. «®«%c; Hemp. 3U<33%c per
lb; Millet. 3@3!ic; Broom Corn Seed. $20621
per ton. : .
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 254J2 60 per ctl.
Do pfd C8HI Union Pacific . 74%
Erie-. 24% Do pfd 00
Do 1st pfd...... 6« |U 8 Steel lUi
Do 2d pfd :1O Do pfd .;. S7«4
111 Central .130Vi Wabash -........*. 18%
Louis & Nash...lO5'<. Do pfd ........ 34%
M. K & Texas.. "17*ij
15ar silver — Dull, 2»>%d i>er ounce.
Money— 2Vj€2% per cent. .
The rate of discount in the open market fo'r
short bllia is 3@3 1-18 per cent and for three
months bill* U@3 1-1C per cent.
- - ' ¦ . •
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL', WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10, 1H04.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
The Grea lest Sals of the Season
AUCTION SALE OF
50 Head PERGHERON HORSES
These horses were carefully selected by on<»
ot tne greatest breeders of Norman-Pcrcheron
hora «» m California (William Brucknmn. Su-
sanyuie. Lassen County) and consist of pur»
to 160o ar * S *° U Keldia **« weighing from 130t>
At same time will be sold one great trotter
an 5. one beautiful carriage horse.
Tnia is the grandest lot of alt-ourpcsa
horses ever brought to San Francisco. .
All ara nicely halter broke and a great many
of them broke to harness. They are all fat
and ready to go right to work. A careful In-
spection of this lot la earnestly requested. To
be sol.1 on
MONDAY EVENING. March 21. 1004.
At 7:43 ©'clock, at
vSALESYARD, 1732 Market st.. cor. Van
Ness aye.
Write fdr catalogues. - •
Horses at yard March 17.
FRED H. CHASE A CO.,
Livestock Auctioneers.
fe £^ £z
AUCTION SALE
AT ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH ST.,
W-EDNESDAT. MARCH 16, at 11 A. M..
I will mil the rolling atock ot wood, coal and
feed store, consisting of 10 good horses, on* 3-
tan wacron. 2 small wasons. barn«ss, etc.
Also 2U head of all purpose horses.
~ -¦-'•-- JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.Sets Aside Hoard's Award.
On petition of Richard Keatinge, a
contractor, the award of the arbitra
tors that settled the dispute between
him and the Italian-Swiss Colony
over his work in the wine cellar of the
colony was set aside by Judge Mu
rasky. He furnished a number of af
fidavits purporting to show that the
arbitrators were unfair.
Barnett'a Vnnilln Extract used
and highly ir.dorwd by all leading hotels. •
Minister Will Speak
The Rev. J. Stilt Wilson will speali
on "The Paris Commune" to-morrow
evening in the Turk-street Temple.
"Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
h(\ like visiting: Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a lending feature of San Francis
co, and is the must beautiful Jewelry
store in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. Vl\ Montgom
ery, between Bush and Pine. •
To Visit San Francisco
* WASHINGTON. March 15— Rarcn ven Stern
burg is suffering from a severe cold which haa
settled In his eyes. The doctor has urged him
to give his eyes a complete rest.
The list of guests follows:
R. Arias, X. Ahrens, L.. Arnstein. Edward.
F. Adama.
Edward L. Baldwin.' A. a Baldwin. Her
mann Barth. J. Birmingham, Edward Br&nd
enstein, H. Brunner, C. N. B«al, J. H. Belser,
W. I. Brobeck. W. J. Bartnett. C. A. Hruns.
W. Bucrgermeister, William Blackwell, Samuel
Braunhart, Henry Brune, J. Otis Burrage, C.
S. Benedict, H. *A. Brlgham. J.- B. Bocarde,
K. E., Bergln, J. H. Bloom, Nathan L. Bell,
M. E. Bertheau. Lev- is F. Bylngton. J. Brand
ensteln, J. S. Bunnell. Hugh C. Banks, Frank
C. Birch, B. Broemmel, Arthur R. Briggs, Al
bert M. Bender. William H. Beatty, H. Bendcl.
Carl Bergfried, Dr. R. W. Baum.
J. D. Clark. A. T. Corbus, J. B. Cowden,
T. . J. Crowley. A. E. Chandler, J. A. Cooper.
Peter J. Curtis. Louis O. Cannon. Foster P.
Cole, Dr. C. B. Currier, N. P. Chipman. E. L.
Cutten, John Connor, Maurice Casey, P. J.
Cossrave.
S. H. Daniels, Dr. P. de Vecchi. W. S.
Duncombe. F. W. Dohrmann. William J. Dut
ton, W. E. Dennison. • George D. Dornin. L.
Diamant. J. II. Dockweiler, Morris K. Davis.
George W. Dickie. Robert McF\ Doble, Charles
J. Deering; Harry S. Dutton, J. J. Dowling.
Hugh Donegan, H. Daseking. Dr. Draper, S.
Ducas, James S. Dickie, Dr. Washington
Dodge. James Denman, E. A. Denicke, Georjfe
E. Dow, William Donald, H. Danker.
H. Epstein, Dr. C. N. Elllnwood. ' George
C. Edwards. Henry Eickhoff, H. T. Eckert.
J. II. Enkele.
George Fredericks, Tlrey I* Ford. Harry
Edward Freund. William Fahrenkrung. James
J. Fllnn. L. M. Fletcher, M. . J. Fontana.
Nath.an H. Frank, P. Freygang, Louis Falke
nau, L. H. Foote, R. Frlsselle, Charlea W.
Fay.
S. B. Goldberg. H. D. Gates, Gustav Gutsch,
F. A. Gardner. Thomas F. Graham. H. M.
Goldberg. Edmund Godchaux. C. E. Grunsky.
James M. Goewey. J. C. Groh, John H, «rady.
John B. Gartland, A. P. Glanninl. Charlea
Goecker.
William H. Hammer. W. H. Healy. Joseph
Hutchinson, Loren E. Hunt, Charles H. Ham,
H. J. Hill. Rudolph, Herold Jr.. C. H. Hubert.
Marshal Hale, John'Hoey, James S. Hutchin
son. Lewis A. Hicks, XV. L. Holman, F. G.
Hesse. Judge F. W. Henshaw, F. Hagenuutn
Jr., R. B. Hale. G«orge W. Hooper, R. E.
Houghton, D. C. Henny. L. Heynemann, F. C.
Herrmann. Frederick Hess, William Hermann.
S. C. Irving.
E. B. Jennings, Alphonse Judls, W. J. John
ston. L. Jockers. Byron Jackson. Rufus P.
Jennings, Edwin C. Johnston. H. Joost, S. P.
Johnston, C. Jantzen. Dr.» Jelllnek.
Professor C. N. Keller, Edward Kalishsr. F.
A. Koetttz. Dr. H. Kugeler. Sheldon G. Kel
logg. Dr. Henry H. Kreutzmann. W. Chester
Keogh. Fred J. Koster, Richard Keating*,
John Kentfield, Judge F. H. Kerrigan.
P. N. Llllenthal, William P. Lawlor. Otto
Lang. Franklin K. Lane. Reuben H. Lloyd,
Harry Larkfn, ! Percy V. Long, Albert W.
Lehrke, Andrew C. Lawson, Charles J. Llnd
gren, N. B. Ltvermore. \
E. J. Molera, Dr. George H. Martin, James
McNab, Professor Elwood Mead, Henry H.
Meyers, Frank P. Medlng, Byron Mauzy. C.
F. McCarthy. 1 Louis Mooser, Marsden Manson,
John D. McGlrvray Sr.. Charles D. Marx, H.
Meyer. Judge William W. Morrow, Gavin Mc-
Nab. S. M. Marks, H. F. Mauss, John D. Mc-
Gllvray Jr.. William H. Mills, A. J. McNlco'.l.
Bernard Moses, E. O. McCormick, Benjamin
G. McDougall, E. J. Morser, W. H. Metaon. A
H. MuJIer. .
P. Noble. F. V. Nelson, H. A. Noble.
James M. Owens. »
J. Leo Park, James D. Phelan, P. P. Pa»
chel. Frank H. Powers, W. R. Pentz. Paul
W. Prutzman. Governor George C. Pardee. Dr
Kaspar Plschel. E. C. Prather, John S. Part
ridge.
James W. Reid. Dr. Adolph G. Rosentha!.
Joseph Rosenberg. • F. > Reuther. Henry Root.
P. C. Rossi, George Reuner. -W.. C. Ralston.
Dr. Theodore Rethers, John W. Roberts, W.
J. Raubinger Jr.
W. W. Sanderson, Felix Santallter. W. B.
Storey Jr.. Professor Frank Soule. Paul Scholz
Val Schmidt, .' E. T.Schild. George F. Schild,
F. P. Stone, - A. ' Sbarboro. Dr. Emll Steltzner,
Edward J. Smith. L. S. Sherman. J. C. . H.
Stut. J. C. Sala. George Stone, F. G. Sanborn,
Frank J.- Symmes." John T. S«ott. James N.
Smith. A. W. Scott. L.- A. Stelger, Henry A.
Schulze, ,- Dr;x M. Solomon. *
Frank ' Morton .Todd.-' J. B. Tcolitz. Law
rence Thompson, Robert 'Tlbbltts,', Arthur G.
Towne. Charlea F. Thlerbaeh. R. t*. Toplitz.
Carl C. Thomas, L. H. • Taylor.
Carl Uhllz.
E. j; Vogel. Dr. Victor G. Veclci. C. M.
Volkman. Georg-e- Volz. H.' Vlscher. ¦¦.
W. M. Weil, Arthur H. Williams. George W.
Wittman. Dr. John M. Williamson. A.'-A..Wat
kins. .William R. "Wheeler. J. H. Wallace.
Gustav Wormser. W. J. Watson. John C. Wil
son.' Frank W •' Wright. Robert Wlenecke.
Thomas S. Williams, S.' I." Wormser. Dr. Con
rad ¦ Weil. Henry A.' Whitney, " Thomas P;
Woodward and Dr. E. ; W. Westphal. ,
• Herman Zadic. . • '''
LIST OF GUESTS.
Dr. Washington Dodge, the Assessor,
closed the speaking with " happy re
marks on "The Native Sons'," paying
a compliment to the guest of honor as
one of the most worthy members of
that organization.
"What is to be the result?" To thdulge In
prediction the present time would be but
to reptat the argument wMch has prevailed In
the determination of this .nation to construct
this waterway. All reasoning from existing
conditions to future results must . undergo
many modifications In reaching just conclusion.
In this Instance, the centuries of delay pay
just v tribute to the magnitude of the under
taking. And now that, hope is to be rewarded
for :>atient waiting, now that prophecy is to
undergo the test of fulfillment, even unfal
tering faith cannot wholly forego the question.
At last all the forces nf opposition have
been overcome; at last a great nation has de
creed that, comrnf-rcfally speakin-r, a new
ocean shall come into bolng. And now, after
nearly 4('<» years lrom the'-birth of the idea,
we assemble around this banquet board, in the
chief metropolis of a Pacific empire, to con
gratulate the honored gu«st of this evening
that all obstructions have been removed, all
opposition overcome, and that he and his as
s >ciatea may now enter uiwn the consumma
tion of this treat enterprise.
W. II. MUls was introduced to speak
to the toast, "The Panama Canal."
He said in jiart:
During' the last four centuries, students of
commercial gutsniihy have tully compre
hended the rust lmijr>rt.?Jice to the. commerce
of the world of the oonstiuction of an isthmian
canal. They -have clearly perceived the great
influence such a waterway would have upon
ths distribution of. national power' arising
out of t!-.e relative commercial supremacy of
the nations. The construction of that, water
way has bi'en obstructed, impeded and actually
prevented by national jealousies, by the inertia
of conservatism and by the greed and selfish
ness of tbou whose interests were in the
maint'Tiarce of existing conditions.
BENEFITS OF TIIK CANAL.
a man of unimpeachable honor. (Applause.)
We are here to-night doing a rather singular
thing- for a San Kranci5co audience — three
hundred of ub actually boosting a man. (Great
laughter.) What could we not do if we could
agree to boost a man who is not leaving us!
MEMBER OF THE PANAMA CA
NAL, COMMISSION, WHO WAS
BANQUETED LAST NIGHT.
Don't imagine for an instant.- that. I -am
going to talk about th« charter. (Laughter.)
I want to add my tribute to Mr. Grunsky — a
man of modesty, because he has spent several
years in office at the ..City.: Hall. -(Renewed
laughter.) . He 1» a man of , gentle," thorough,
clean character,, and the President--has.-hdn
or«d -. himself by selecting him. ; No matter
what • the temptations, i may be \ on that - com
mUsloa Grunsky will yield to none. ,Hu ia
In introducing Franklin K. Lane .. to
answer the toast "The City of San
Francisco," Toastmaster Phelan de
clared that "Men, not measures," are
the essential of progress. Mr.i Lane
said, among other things:
"Civic Progress" was the toast given
Frank J. Symmes, president "' of : , : the
Merchants' Association. • " *
A 31 AX OF HONOR.
I want to congratulate Mr. Grunsky on th«
magnificent opportunity he will have. of mak
ing mistakes. I have been told twice a week
for years that the chief use of engineers is to
make mistakes'. There Is a constant' conflict
between scientists and the technical men.' '.-Th«
world at large places a very different estima
tion upon the work of the two claeses. But
there Is but one source 't>f ; relief for -toll
burdened humanity and that Is in the • work
of technical men, engineers and the like,- who
grovel in the earthy applications of science.
Such men wear their lives out in toll for
their fellows and are forgotten, while- the
roan who gives the world a song is enshrined
forever in its grateful memory.. But our friend
whom we honor to-night . knows ; the art 1 aa
well as the science of engineering. . (Applause)
George W. Dickie of the Union. Iron
Works was then Introduced as a mas
ter, both of science and industry, to re
spond to. the toast "Science and Applied
Science." His response was full of : wit
and sense, and it kept, his audience In
good humor for the too few minutes he
occupied. In part he said: '
SCIENCE AND ITS USES.
It is estimated that the value of the work
already done on the canal approximates $40,
000,000. This estimate has been made the
basis of the proposed payment to the French
company. The estimated cost of completing
the canal on the lines indicated by the Canal
Commission is $144,000,000. It is thought that
eight to ten years should be required for the
completion of the work. That this is a work
of stupendous magnitude becomes apparent
when It is compared with such other great
works as the Suez Canal, opened In ISO,
which with its length of seventy-two miles,
coet about $60,000,000; and with the Man
chester Canal, thirty- five and a half miles
long, which cost about $75,000,000. The ¦ last
Canal Commission assumes that the annual
cost of maintaining and operating the canal
will approximate $2.000,000.. It Is thought that
jipcrin the opening of the canal to traffic a ton
nage of about 5.000,000 per year will pass
through it. and that this amount will be dou
bled within ten years.
Front Colon, on the Atlantic side, the-canal
will extend inland on low ground, closely fol
lowing the Chagres River for a distance of
seventeen miles. The canal is there.' to' be
closed by a dam and Its water surface raised,
and th» lake formed by the dam will bfr used
as a canal section for a distance of about
fourteen miles. The next eight miles will l>o
In the great Culebra cut. I The remainder of
the canal, about ten miles In length, will be
on low ground, adjacent to the Bay of Pan
ama. . ; ¦ •
Although the advantage of a sea- level con
nection between the oceans was recognized,
the disadvantages, among others, of Increased
time of construction and Increased cost of such
a project led the commission to plan the canal
with a summit level about ninety feet above
the ocean The canal la to be made thirty-five
feet deep' It is to have a bed width of lu«
feet. It will be forty- nine miles long, from
the six-fathom line on the ' Atlantic nid» to
the six- fathom line on the bay at Panama.
The maximum depth of cutting where th««
canal crosses the continental divide . will be
2»SG feet. In the construction of the canal the
amount of dredging and earth \tfork will be
about 42.000.fOO cubic yards, and 54.0u0.000
cubic yards of hard and soft rock will have to
be moved, of which amount about E-ono.OfiO
cubic yards lie under water. Nearl, .^tOO.OiK)
cubic yards of concrete will be required and
upward of C5.C00.CO0 pounds of iron and steel
will, it is estimated, be needed for the various
structures on the line of the canal.
In rising to answer Commissioner
Manson's toast, Mr. Grunsky found
himself the" object of repeated volleys
of cheers. When at last he was able to
speak, he briefly and modestly reviewed
his work for the city and outlined his
ambitions for the San Francisco of the
future. Especial emphasis was given
to his argument for a municipal water
supply, the retiring City Engineer de
claring his belief that this was a neces
sity for the growing city and easily
within the possibilities of Congression
al action and engineering skill. Turn
ing then to the subject of the Panama
canal, he spoke as follows:
The great question this evening i» the pro
posed Isthmian canal. I am not yet in a posi
tion to talk on this subject with a full under
standing of the various problems which will
confront the Canal Commission. The Idea of
uniting the Atlantic with the Pacific Ocean at
Panama haa bf«?n In the minds of men ever
since the first white man crossed the isthmus.
Examinations and surveys were made in the
early part of the Sixteenth century, nearly 40»
years ago, and the obstacles to be overcome in
carrying out this great work have been grad
ually removed one by one, until at last the
people of this great nation are in control and
with the means at hand to carry the work 10
successful completion.
The difficulties In the way of canal con
struction have, until recent yeare. been less of
a character Involving engineering skill than
such as involves statesmanship of a high or
der. After all of the failures that have been
made in the pa*t a project has been reported to
the United States by the Walker commission,
whose report is the basis for the acquisition
of the properties of the French company, and
this commission's plans of a canal best repre
sent the work as it will probably be carried
out.
OVATION TO GRUNSKY.
Engineer. He did well to select a great engi
neer for a great work. We wish you god
speed. Mr. Commlsaloner.
Among the guests who did valiant
work In fighting the flames until the
arrival of the firemen was Superior
Judge L<jTig'an of San Jose, who drag
ged out the hotel hose and turned on
the first stream.
Two Japanese servants were sleep
ing in tfte cupola of the building when
aroused by the glare of the flames.
They clambered down the Market-street
fire escape like monkeys and would
have Jumped from the first story if
Xhe onlookers had not shouted to them
to hold on until a ladder could be
raised. When they did strike the
ground they ran down Market street
at top speed, as though they never in
tended to stop until they reached To
kin and safety.
The Manhattan Hotel is a six-story
frame building containing more than
rooms and is a particularly inflam
mable structure.! The building is owned
by M. B. de Levader and the lessee is
J. P. Gallagher.
George Hartman of truck No. 1 was
cut on the hand with an ax while fight
ing the flames. His injuries were treat
ed at the Emergency Hospital and are
pronounced slight.
Most of the guests, about seventy
in number, rushed into the hall and
a few became panic stricken and, pack
ing up what belongings they could
gather, fled to the office floor. One
woman, being unable to carry her
trunk, dumped its most valuable con
tents into « spread and staggered down
the stairway with her bundle. Half
a dozen more appeared in the office
¦with bags and stood tremblingly around
until assured that all danger was past.
Three male lodgers sought escape down
one of the fire escapes on the Fcll
etreet side. The firemen put up a lad
der and helped one of them to the
street, but the other two climbed into
a window and went back to their apart
ments. Miss Hazel Colgan, daughter
of E. P. Colgan of Stockton, farmer
Harbor Commissioner, was, removed
from her room to the St. Nicholas Ho
tel, in a semi-conscious condition. She
has been ill at the Manhattan for four
weeks and it is feared the shock may
prove serious.
The kitchen adjoins the dining-room
on the top floor of the building, and
before an alarm was turned in the culi
nary department was all ablaze and
the flames were pouring from the win
dows and had burned a hole through
the roof. The department had no diffi
culty in controlling the blaze, which
•was confined entirely to the kitchen
and the roof. The cause of the fire
¦was a defective flue.
Fire . broke . out in the dining-room
of the Manhattan Hotel, at the corner
of Fell and Market streets, at 9:30
o'clock last night and before it was
checked damage amounting to about
55000 was done and a slight panic en
eued among the guests.
Some Women Pack Belong
ings and Eusli Down to
Street— Damage Is $5000
Marsden Manson of the Board of
Public Works was the next speaker,
proposing the toast "Our Isthmian Ca
nal Commissioner." He said:
President Roosevelt recognized he could do
no.bettir than follow the pace set by our City
In the selection of the Panama Canal Com
mission President Roosevelt has performed one
of the most Important acts of his administra
tion and his course will command the ap
proval of thoughtful men. irrespective of party.
Up has acted with regard to merit, rather than
politics. Our President's patriotism is univer
sally recognised. ¦-».,*".
Toastmaster Phelan's introduction of
Chief Justice Beatty to the toast of
"The President" was followed by a
groat outburst of applause, with shouts
of "three cheers for Roosevelt"! re
peated in all parts of the assembly. At
the close of Justice Ueatty's forceful
address the entire audience rose and
drank the President's health. The
Chief Justice said among other things:
Other letters of regret and congratu
lation were read from Mayor Schmitz,
M. H. de Young and Otto von Geldern.
It had been intended to Have Gov
ernor Pardee respond to the toast
••California." In his absence Frank D.
Short of Fresno was called upon and
responded in his usual happy style.
CHEKKS FOR ROOSEVELT.
I regret exceedingly my inability to be pres
ent. California has just cause for pride that
one of. her citizens has been chosen for so im
portant a position and one requiring so great
talents as that of Canal Commissioner. In
chofiing Grunsky, whom all California knows
and appreciates, the President has secured the
ser\-ices of one whose presence will compel re
spect. The nation's gain is our loss. Hail and
farewell, Mr. Commissioner!
GEORGE C. PARDEE.
The President. Washington. X>. C. — Three
hundred citizens, representing commercial and
scientific bodies, at a banquet in honor of
Isthmian Canal Commissioner Grunsky send
greetings to the President and offer their re
spectful congratulations en the wisdom of his
choice and thank him for the honor done their
city and State.
JAMES D. PHELAN. Chairman.
WHITE HOUSE. WASHINGTON, D. C.
March 15.
Hon. James D. Phelan, Chairman,
Palace Hotel, San Francisco. —
Please convey to assembled guests my hearty
greetings and best wishes.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. March 15, 1904.
James D. Phelan, Grunsky, Banquet,
Palace Hotel. San Francisco. —
Mr. Grunnky Is well known for his modest
worth. He is a man who has been found faith
ful in'f-mall things and is now to be. given
charge of great thing?. The palm goes to the
man who deserves. (Applause.) I . have had
the honor to be associated with him in some of
his undertakings. He gave his valuable advice
and suggestions in the matter of our city char
ter. In the Important post of City Engineer he
planned and constructed a pystem of water
supply that contemplates bringing water from
the Sierras, and now he leaves us a perfected
fewer system, and in many other departments
are equal marks cf his competency and zeal.
. Mr. Phelan read the. following tele
graphic correspondence:
March 15. 19O4.
A grreat tribute of respect was paid
last night by nearly 300 leading San
Francisans to C. Ewald Grunsky. the
retiring City Engineer, whom Presi
dent Roosevelt has named as a mem
ber of the Isthmian Canal Commis
sion. The citizens* banquet to the new
Commissioner was one of the most en
thusiastic and successful testimonials
of esteem ever given to a citizen of
San Francisco. The address in Mr.
Grunsky's honor testified without ex
ception to his modest but eminent
worth and his thorough fitness for the
great work to which he has been
called. ' His own speech was short,
dealing pointedly with municipal
questions in which he was interested
while in office here and with the prob
lems to be inet at Panama. The ad
dress of the former City Engineer,
who is about to leave San Fmncisco
for Washington, • was cheered to the
echo. i
The ballroom at the Palace Hotel,
where the - banquet was heltl/ was
handsomely decorated with palms for
the occasion, while color was given
to the tables 'by masses of brilliant
flowers. When the elaborate dinner
was dispatched James D. Phelan, the
toastmaster of the evening, began the
speaking, saying in part:
This is a spontaneous testimonial to Mr.
Grunsky (cheen«), and no more genuine tribute
coufd be paid to a ritizen who in at once 1 so
modest and bo worthy. We are here not only
to honor our retiring City Knglneer. but to
thank the President of the United States <pro
lor.ued cheer*) for the honor he has conferred
on Wan Kranclsco in selecting one of our citi
zens to represent the Pacific Coast on the Isth
mian Commission. The wcrk of this board will
he one of the great achievements in the world's
history, a matter so important that it has
wisely been taken out of the realm of politics
and patronage. ¦ . <
DEFECTIVE FLUE CAUSE
Tribute of Respect
by\ Prominent San r
Franciscans.
William J. Dutton, chairman of the
executive committee of the Merchants*
Exchange, discussed in an interesting
fashion the topic, "Commerce of th°
Pacific."
A short address was also delivered
by Henry Epstein on j "The German
Benevolent Society," in which the
speaker referred in feeling terms to
Commissioner Grunsky's # work for
charity while a citizen. of San.Fran
cisco. ,
. Such is the nobility of the great office to
which our friend, "the honored guest of this
occasion, has been called, anil such the broad
philanthropy of the great work In whose con
struction he Is to bear an honorable share. I
felicitate him and ourselves that he has re
ceived his appointment at the hands of a
President to whose patriotism, continuity of
purpose and executive force the Panama -canal,
when completed, will be, a perpetual memorial.
COMMERCE OF THE "' PACIFIC.
In all history the material progress of man
kind has depended upon the science of en
gineering. The engineer has been the pione«r
of civilization in all ages. To his genius and
knowledge we owe all the victories we have
achieved over time and space. The Iron ways
of overland commerce, which have "conquered
mountain ; barriers: the steamship, which pile's
across wide oceans "without missing one beat
of its Iron heart from shore to shore"; the
discovery and transmission of electrical -power,
with all other mastery of physical forces, are
due to the civil engineer. The summit of en
gineering triumph , will have been reached in
history with the completion of the Panama
canal. No other undertaking is comparable
with It in the magnitude of the difficulties to
be overcome, or fraught with greater blessing
tu mankind than the objects to be obtained by
its construction.
Coming nearer home the Panama canal will
give to the States of the Pacific Coast a closer
commercial intimacy with Europe and to the
people of the Atlantic Coast a better com
mercial relation with the Orient. Whether car
ried by land or 'by. sea the- Panama canal will
reduce the oost of- interstate transportation
and thus Identify the common interests of the
eastern and western portions of our country
and weld them Into closer commercial relation
ship.
It will turn the 'ace of industry from the
interior of our country to the eastward and
westward oceans which wash its shores. It
will increase the military and naval power
of our nation without increasing the mag
nitude ¦ of our military ¦ and naval establish
ments, and by thus augmenting our power
promote our influence In the councils of the
nations. In all these blessings to the world
and to the nation we will be full and free
partakers.
To our own commonwealth it will confer
the blessing of reducing the cost to us of all
our imports and Increasing the value of all
our exports/ by enforcing, cheap rates of trans
portation for both. It will make the fre»
highways of the ocean controlling factors In
thi commercial and industrial development of
our State. It will make San Francisco a port
of cheap tonnage and consequently a port of
distribution. These two factors He at the very
basis of all commercial creatness.
GAINS TO CALIFORNIA.
It cannot be otherwise than that the con
struction of the Panama canal is in the in
terest of mankind at large. And it is a well
grounded oslnion, interwoven with all tne
opinions of my mind, that whatever Is best for
humanity as a whole Is best for every separ
ate portion of the human family.
' The affirmative generalizations have far
reaching significance. All nations will be in
terested in its comDletion, because it will
draw them into closer relation, minimizing oc
casion for war by augmenting the value and
blessing of peace.
All Industry of all countries will partake
of its blessins:, because commerce is the hand
maiden, of industry and lies at the very basis
of its prosperity. It will expand the com
merce of the Pacific Ocean as by the touch
of magic by merging the tragic stage of the
world's commerce on the Atlantic with the
Isolation of tlie Pacific. It will contribute to
the awakening of the vast population of the
Orient by causing the spirit of modern progress
to move upon that dead sea of arrested de
velopment.
To our nation it will be a guarantee of
commercial primacy in the commerce >of the
Pacific Ocean. When we acquired possessions
in the Orient and assumed sovereignty over
8,000,000 of people we became a factor in all
meaningful movements among the nations of
the Orient. With the acquisition of Oriental
territory we assumed higher duties to ourselves
and broadened responsibilities to the world.
The acceptance of this new relation with the
Orient made the construction of the Panama
canal a national necessity.
If the construction of this waterway can, by
any possibility, work a hardship to any por
tion of the world, it will be because the por
tion injured seeks to perpetuate the advan
tages it enjoys at the expense of the highest
good of mankind. • ¦ - i .
But there are elements of certainty attend
ing th» construction of the Panama, canal,
rising by contemplation even to the dignity of
infallibility. They may b« called Into view
by negative and affirmative generalizations.
First, of the negative generalizations: It
cannot be possible that the emancipation of
ocean commerce from the slavery of seven
thousand milts of useless sea transportation
can be other than good to mankind.
Every object of commerce is enhanced in
value by reducing the cost of its movement
to final market.
Great Throng Cheers
Name of President
Roosevelt.
Fire Breaks Out in Man
hattan Hotel, but Speedy
Work Checks Its Spread
SLIGHT PANIC
AMONG GUESTS
CANAL COMMISSIONER GRUNSKY IS HONORED GUEST
AT FAREWELL BANQUET GIVEN BY HIS FELLOW-CITIZENS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH JO. 1904.
16
T EEGAL SHOES.
•¦¦¦•'• * - ¦
J^ 3^ Ji Qhoe paste is
' j^M w \ messy stuff to
W use and it's messy
( )^My' n on Hi s^ oes - e t s
I J lilts/ J^^) Ptf ec * U P so th * ck a
1 tjjr while you have to scrape it
AiL__Jfei^^^«fe. - off with a stick. After you
/^ H&j[~~' \^ .get on a few layers of paste,
-/ J B your shoes are gummy and
s "~-— "^ \ " : ¦..••; ! --'r-; u it is only .the top layer of
paste that is polished. -
Worst of all— way down underneath, the turpentine
is eating out the life of the leather. There's turpentine
in all paste dressings— you can smell it. %fSf$.
We got tired having Regal Shoes ruined with bad
dressings, so j we made a dressing . that is right \ \ It is a
leather preservative. A Regal Dressing polish lasts
than any other and makes the shoes last longer.
/", • . . At all Regal Stores— 25 Cents.
J&r affsfioes ancf /ea/her$
There are 72; Regal Stories. 22 of them in Greater New York, where the
¦ styles -originated ''The new styles are on. sale at our San Francisco Store, at
the same time as in the New York Stores. ..
San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
ADVgBTISEMENTS. \
LATEST IMPORTATION OF
1904.
We are now showing all the latest weaves
and makes of NEW BLACK DRESS GOODS
for Spring and Summer wear. Among the
assortment are "Lattice Voiles," M1 Chiffon
Eollennes," "Creue Chiffon," "Silk and Wool
CreDilld" "Silk and Wool Veilings," ' Toudre
Voiles," Silk Etamines," "Imperial Crepes,"
"Chiffon Voiles," "Black Mohair Etamines,"
"Lace Voiles" and "Silk aid Wool Eoliennes. 11
Five Extra Values.
44-inch French ''Etamine," all wool (&I.00
and Yeru handsome fabric 4™ vn-
42-inch French "CreDB de Paris,"
pure silk and wool w 1 -
46-Inch French "Chiffon Voile," a C|.5O
verg soft and clinging fabric •?¦ v&
45-inch silk and wool "Chiffon E.oli- <g|.75
enne," a bright, lustrous material <*¦ m.
46-inch silk and wool French "Crepe <B'").OO
Eollenns" .vv: 4^ ua.
— . ' —
. We have also opened a full line of
ENGLISH SICILIANS and SILK FINISHED
MOHAIRS in black and colors.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
111, US. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
_¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
h H 9 S a as * an^ f° rce f u l reminder that,
A E I B 1 C5 B C3 y°ur c£uch is wearing a box
w or if there is a vacant space in a corner where a sofa
\ should be, you will never have a better opportunity to g£
0 get a new one than at this . manufacturer's sale of Mi
\ couches at manufacturer's prices now being held' at M.' Jy
\ rTiedman & Co. s, which is at 233-235-2^7 -Post street ( s^s>
Our Eastern buyers secured an entire manufacturer's line at less 9
% from WTjMto $?65 ™ *** "^ them tWs Wedt at prices ' ia * in S %
A THE CCEDIT HOUSE," 233, 235, 237 POST STREETV £
ADVERTISEMENTS.
That Makes Shaving Easy.
Made of the best materials for durability
and good service. Blade is of finest tem-
pered steel. The brand is one that CQ.OO
you can depend en. My price la O-«
Wostenholm. Jordan. Henckel's. Stiletto
and other celebrated makes constitute my
lines.
SCISSOR3 from 25c up.
POCKET KNIVES, good one». as low is
60c.
Three bars "Williams" 10c Shavias Soap.
ISc.
Mall orders filled promptly. ¦
THAT MAN PITTS
F. VT. PITTS. th» Stationer.
1008 BXARKST ST., Above Powell.
SAN FRAXCISCO.
Q ¦"
|'|fe»* Candies £^i ;
|f| Chocolates |0
I L Bonbons -H \
n Given Away Free \
II With :
9 Teas, Coffees, Spices ¦
I , Baking Powder
I It Pays to
I Trade at
1 Great American Importing Tea Go's
1 * Stores
H Ml Market 210 Gnat *r. 1419 Pofk !
M 140 Sixth 1819 Derisadero 70S Lar kin ;
¦ 475 Haiffht 3008 Sixteenth *55 Hayes 1
Eg 3235 Mission £21 Montar'7 «til S3 Market b
H 20CS FiUmcre 2516 Mission 146 Ninth i
B-^JSimiu^,-^^ !!¦ 4S3 Taart ' a - * •
I TURBINE I
I A CLUETT COLLAR I
1 QUARTER EACH. QUARTER SIZES I]
i 1 CLUETT, PEABOOY 4 CO. , I
H • MAKERS OP CLUETT AND MONARCH SmtT» I