McCurdy Xot Seriously ni.
SANTA: BARBARA. March. 23.—
Reports as to the illness of Richard
A. McCurdy,. president of the "Mutual
Life Insurance Company, who has
been staying at the Potter Hotel for
the last ten days, have been greatly
exaggerated, his condition not being
nearly as* serious as stated in the
newspapers. McCurdy is suffering
from rheumatic gout and has been
confined to his room for . some days
past. He' Is attended by Dr. Chan
cellor, the jhouse physician ¦ of the ho
tel, ,who' reports i the condition of his
patient as not alarming. He will leave
here Friday or. Saturday.
GRIFFITH'S LAWYERS ARE
SUING FOR THEIR' FEES
Lros Anceles Millionaire Now Convict
ed Refuses to Pay Attor- r
nej ,s' $20,000.
LOS AXGELES, March 23. — Suitwas
brought against Griffith J. Griffith to
day for $20,000 attorneys' fees, alleged
to be due the lawyers who engaged to
defend him against the. charge of
shooting his wife, of which, he now
stands convicted. The plaintiffs are
former Judges J. . D. , Works and
Charles Silent. Griffith declares he
engaged, the lawyers to defend him
for $4000 and will fight their claim for
$20,000.
Odd Fellows to Celebrate.
SANTA CRUZ, March 23.— The Odd
Fellows of this- county, including, the
lodges at Boulder Creek, Soquel, Wat
sonville and Santa Cruz, are prepar
ing for a grand celebration on Odd
Fellows' day, April 26. to be held at
Capitola. There is to be an exhibition
drill by the companies of the Patri
archs Militant.
concerned. -. France ' may be said to be
a' negative quantity. Germany Is an
ambitious nation, whose people are
scattering over the face of the world.
Her "Government has not been idle and
she has seized a port, of great value
on. the; coast' of China, just back of
Shanshi. This port Is near the great
est iron and coal deposits in the world.
; This is Germany's objective 'point and
she will at no far distant day take up
this, territory. ' only a hundred miles
from the sea. With Germany in pos
session of these lands and Russia in
possession of Manchuria the rest of
Chlna v would prove an ea3y victim."
Mandiur Not Yet Dismantled.
SHANGHAI. March 23.—The Rus
sians continue to evade the carrying
out of the agreement to dismantle the
gunboat Mandjur. A Japanese cruiser
remains at Woosang, ten miles from
Shanghai, at the mouth of the Woo
sung River.
"Asia," -he said, "has more, need lo
fear Europe than Europe ¦- to fear
Asia. To round out" her Eastern ter
ritory Russia needs Manchuria and
Korea. , She has now plunged into a
war, with Japan, Instead of agreeing to
make no. invasion of China's territory.
England is not desirous of acquiring
more territory; : she is the . natural- ally
and friend of China and Japan. * Eng
land, 'like America, Is desirous of
maintaining the Integrity of China. •
"The . alliance of France and Rus
sia is chiefly sentimental. . France Is
not a colonizing : power, and. so . far
as sustaining the integrity of China li
Minister 'to~ China- and who has spent
nearly twenty years of his life In t the
Far ¦ East, addressed' the Unitarian
Club to-night on "The Foreign Powers
In.« China a'nd : Japan. With Special
Reference* to the. War." -Seward said
his sympathies were with Japan."
. * "Japan," said - he, "is "really "fight
ing for all Asia against the peril of
European encroachments." .-., , „ . „
, He;scouted the. "yellow! peril" Idea,
'i yv.""dispatch from Shanghai states that
the /Japanese ' forces in .Northwestern
Korea 4 are being* decimated by disease."
due to' the " change ,of climate and . the
rigorous weather. ', The.camp hospitals
are 'crowded "with^pneumonia patients
and the death;rate^ is largei '
many 'a pretext to safeguard* her' Inter
ests in the province of Shantung. .'
- : PARIS- 1 March 24.— The \ . Journal
prlitts V dispatch' from 'St. Petersburg
which" says that' the : Emperor r has* de
cided to .create twenty-eight, new. In
fantry- regiments. | The - same ! corre
spondent says - that Don ' Caitne ¦ ; de
Bourbon/ a son * of ' Don ' Carlos, the
Pretender; to the Spanish thronft, , has
left for Harbin. ' \
SAN JOSE, March 23. — The case of
Williamtf. Singleton, charged with the
murder. of Simon .Bojorques, was giv
en.to the. jury at 3:30 this afternoon.
Arguments of Attorneys W. H. John
son and B. A. Harrington for the de 7
fense and Deputy District Attorney
Sex and , District Attorney Campbell
for the people occupied the day. At
9 o'clock to-night the Jury was unable
to agree upon a verdict and on an or
der of Judge Tuttle the Jury was
locked up for the night. It is said
that ; the -jury at the time of being
locked up stood seven for conviction
and five for acquittal. It is believed
the jury will disagree and another
trial willbe; necessary.
Prospect of Disagreement Causes
Court to Order Jury lx>cked Up
for the XJghtr
WAITING FOR A VERDICT
IX THE SIXGLETOX CASE
The defendant and his wife, are the
principal remaining witnesses for the
defense. The prosecution claims to
have a strong case in rebuttal.
Stephens swore that he was sitting
in the seat with Armstrong when the
latter was shot by Gostlin. Warner
testified that the location of the hom
icide was in -T'acer County. L. L.
Chamberlain for the defense made a
lengthy statement, in which he said
his side would prove that the act was
due to temporary insanity superin
duced by family troubles and mining
litigation.
During the afternoon Miss Gostlin
was put on the stand and swore that
Armstrong, had made insulting re
marks to her. Her testimony was not
shaken by' the cross-examination.
Many witnesses throughout the county
testified to Gostlin's good character.
AUBURN, March 23. — The trial of
the murder case of the people vs.
Thomas Gostlin progressed rapidly to
day. The District Attorney's state
ment was very short and after putting
on two witnesses. Joseph Stephens and
Surveyor L. F. Warner, the prosecu
tion rested for a time.
Sensational Testimony Adduced at Au
burn Favoring the Slayer of
Armstrong.
TRYING TO PROVE THAT
GOSTLIX WAS INSANE
Spirit of ttie Brown Troops Undaunted by Hardships
EnGbiihtefed in the Rigorous Climate.
" The Daily,' Mail's 'Chef u correspond
ent comments upon a report " " United
States Consul Fowler at 1 Chef u has re
ceived of ''native'/ "anti-tax ; -riots £at
Chengangchow, 'where' the Germans
were massacred 'in ? 1898, as" giving Ger-
LONDON.-March' 24.— The Times' this
morning prorninetitly'. publishes"" an
opinion of a correspondent thatj Japan
will land her. main army ; at , New
chwang arid'that she also probably will
seize Haiche'h|f . .¦ (flf teen,Tniles eastward
and on the railroad),* as" an '< additional
base, : and,' without^ seriously attacking
either Port Arthur^ orVvladivostok. { the
war will be' fought- out on the plains of
Central Manchuria. ".It ' is . almost,cer
tain, in the ' correspondent's; t opinion,
that the war will, be , a long: and
that at the worst Japan "/will: retr^n' a
way to retreat overland \ in [ Korea. ¦ Tf
she secu res Newch wang/ he says, her
prestige will be \ established and \ he
adds that the," waterways of : Southern
Manchuria. will be. o£ inestimable? value
in sonjewhat '^counterbalancing the
weakness of. Japan in her cavalry.
LONDON, "March '24. —^The stringent Japanese-censorship is likely.to be relaxed early in -April,' says the , well-informed
Daily Telegraph's Seoul correspondent.- ,,-T.his coincides with the numerous indications of the imminence oi land operations-
In the meantime the yei\ \ has not been'lif ted, \ and hot a,\\-ord has yet issued, either officiaity from" Japan .or unofficially from
any other source,', concerning 'the last? bombardmerit of -Port "Arthur. The rumored naval battle v of; March . 18 also is totally uncon
firmed, and is regarded as altogether improbable. . > " . ' i. _ . , ;
The Telegraph's Seo'ul correspondent says : "Forty Cossacks arrived at Kangkeui, about. 100 miles north of' Gensan, where
two battalions of Korean troops are stationed.' The Russians demanded the use of the barracks for their troops .who \yere.about to ar
rive. The.Korean commander offered one building, whereupon a quarrel ensued. This was followed by.a-fight. In the. course of the
conflict the Korean commander and seventeen soldiers were killed. ' The/Russians were finally repulsed with a loss of .thirty-five slain."
•"• A ''series of messages dated: between -March' 10 and 17, sent by a correspondent of; the. Daily 'Mail- at Chenampho, Korea, de
scribes the perfect organization, of the Japanesein. Korea. . . ; . - y j ' >¦" - ; • r 1 '.
, Elaborate 'preparations .have been made' for 'landing; troops and adyancingthem through the country and pontoon bridges and
stables are built wherever they ¦•are 'found to be necessary. The greatest difficulty facing the Japanese is. the commissariat, a9, owing
to the poor food supplies;of /'Korea',* it :is "possible at present .to'maintainonly.QO.opo men*. ; / ' \ •;
-The "Japanese hold two, enormously strong' positions at Pi ngyang and Sanhan^ej the latter- being . Hwaingju and
Seoul. The latter, the correspondent says,' is practically impregnable arid' secure from land attacks, from the northwest. In the event
of defeat it is intended to »hbfd the passes at Kazan, thus protecting IPingyang- Valley. • The Japanese 'troops are suffering from dysen
tery and pneumonia; arid many^of 7 the ca^^ have 'died, -.but the army is full of spirit.
There are probably 20,000 Japanese at\Pim*yang, which, the correspondent points out/might easily have. been taken when the
Russian scouts : first arrived, as 'there/were .then only about" 250 Japanese soldiers' stationed^ tHere. -, ¦ . :
... The^RussiaVs intended, to make Anju, their, base, but, owing to the" delay in the arrival of 'reinforcements, they were afraid
they would:- be : cut off, and: so retired! ' "Meanwhile 'the: Japanese ad danced to Pingyan'g by. forced 'marches, the troops being almost wi*h
; \ According : to this correspondent the'Russians.arepreparing.to prevent the Japanese landing at Palcchon, twenty miles west of
Anju, and he says 'the Japanese 'sailors i admit that'Tort Arthur, is' so* protected-by mines and- torpedoes thatit- would- mean death to ap-
BANDITS CAPTURED BY - COSSACKS BROUGHT BEFORE THE COMMANDER OP A RUSSIAN* OUTPOST IX MANCHURIA.
Continued ou Pace 3, Column 3.
LOSS OF LIFE IMPROBABLE.
Communication with the island di
rect is shut off and no reports are
available since the Napa City left, hut
at midnight or thereabout the regular
river steamers are scheduled to pass.
It is not thought that any lives were
lost, us the island is so large that even
with a ri'.-er pouring In it would fill
slowly. This island contains the cele
brated asparagus canneries and fields,
and it is not likely that much of the
crop v.ill be saved, as the draining of
the island will be very slow.
The pressure came from the Mokel
umn<? tide, and the break would nat
urally occur there. The strain along
the San Joaquin has not been heavy.
but the levels there may be taken in
the rear, and the amount of damage
possible can only be conjectured at this
time.
* This city is again hemmed In to-night
by h«£h water on all sides, and from
the north and west come reports of
On a recent Sunday an excursion
eteamer went down along the Island
to show a party of citizens the sub
merged country just across the river
from the Bouldin levees. The launches
that were moving: u» and down
along the levees were at once alert,
• -a one ran out with a warning to the
pilot to keep on the other side of the
river lest the waves from the paddle
wheel run in against the levees and
wash their tops. A constant guard
was maintained on water and on land,
but the great torrent escaping from
the Sacramento ttirough the Edwards
break and the rising of the river have
proved too much, and the fight of
ve*ks has been lost.
The fight to save Bouldin Island has
been one of the most remarkable in
the history cf the reclaimed lands.
"When the water came down at the
first of the month it rose steadily until
it lapped the topmost rims of the
levees. Hundreds of guards patrolled
the embankments day and night and
not a move of aggression did the wa
ter make but it met with prompt
resistance and check.
FAILURE ENDS LONG VIGIL.
The first authentic and confirmatory
rews that the island was gone reached
here this evening from Woodard, a
Santa Fe station on Middle River, at
which place the steamer Napa City ar
rixrd. The boat left the island landing
about 4 o'clock this afternoon, bringing
away considerable produce pgid. a num
ber of passengers. Among tnose on the
steamer was a buyer for a San Fran
cisco commission house and over the
telephone this evening he told The Call
correspondent that the reports that the
If land was lost were - true, and that
when he left there on the Napa City
the water was pouring through a
break rr,o!P than 400 feet wide and was
already stretching out over the island
ef far as the eye could reach, in one
vast Eh«?«H By morning the flood will
hav* annexed its thousands of fertile
acres to the great area it has held in
its grasp since the great torrent came
down the Sacramento about three
w>eks ago.
STOCKTON, March 23.— Bouldin Ifil
ar.d has rone under the flood and by
morning the big protecting levies will
be but the rims of a great inland sea.
The first break occurred about 6:30
o'clock this morning, and was nothing
but a small gully worn away by the
tide thfct has Bent its ripples along the
levee tops for several days past. A force
of men was promptly on hand and be
gan a f.cht to eave the great reclaimed
ifcland. employing the same tactics that
have held the waters at bay for so
many anxious nights and days. *
But sand sacks and 6hovels availed
naught this time. Although the big
force of workmen contested every inch
of the gTound, the gap grew broader
rnd deeper and by noon the water was
Fhoctir.s through the break with the
force cf a millrace. Three hours later
the break had widened to from 400 to
?C0 feet and the water was rushing
down on the island like a mighty tor
rent and spreading out over the broad
and fertile acres which, but for its
coming, would in a few short weeks
ha\e yleJded a golden harvest in as
paragus and other high-class canning
vegetables. Preparations for an aban
donment of the danger points have
been made for several weeks, and when
It was seen that all was lost the island
ers lost no time in taking to the boats
and steamers in waiting.
WATER COVERS ISLAND.
Special Dispatch to Tfce Call.
RIVERSIDE.March 23.— The affairs
of the Orange Growers' National Bank
were taken in charge this morning by
National Bank Examiner J. W. Wj*t
son, who was appointed receiver by
the Comptroller of Currency. He inti
mated that no statement would be
given out until a thorough examina
tion of all books can be made. The
directors state positively that the bank
is perfectly solvent. Hays' defalca
tions have already been made up by
the stockholders, and are said to have
amounted to about $100,000. . -
At 4 o'clock this morning Hays ap
peared at the Country Club and knocked
for admission. He was. drenched with
rain and spattered with mud from head
to foot. He told the attendant that he
had been to Elsinore on a hunting trip.
He called for the daily papers, and af
ter glancing through them said that
this was the first he knew that a search
was being made for him by officers of
the law and that he would immediately
surrender. . Hays then went to bed.
and upon awakening later in the day
caused a telephone message to be sent
to Sheriff Coburn announcing his will
ingness to submit to arrest.
Judge Noyes' courtroom was crowded
to-night, when Hays was arraigned.
Political, social and business friends
of-the defendant were there in force,
and the dramatic feature of the scene
was that practically all of the court
officers, from bench to bailiff, were per
sonal friends of the accused.
RIVERSIDE. March 23.— H. T.
Hays, politician, and former cashier
of the Orange Growers' National Bank
of Riverside, is no longer a fugitive
from justice. This afternoon by tele
phone he notified Sheriff Coburn of
Riverside County of his presence in
Riverside and at 8:30 o'clock this even
ing he quietly submitted to arrest at
the Country Club in this city.
The warrant on which Hays was
taken into custody charges felony em
bezzlement. There are /our -charges
as follows: Embezzlement on October
3, 1903, of J5000; embezzlement on Oc
tober 9, 1902, of $3000; embezzlement on
October 8, 1902, of $3000 and embezzle
ment on August 4, 1903, of $5000. The
prisoner is charged with having, on
each of the mentioned dates, raised
the bank's total checks for the day and
abstracted in cash sufficient to balance
the peculations.
Hays expressed a desire for an im
mediate hearing and to-night he was
taken before Judge Noyes of the Su
perior Court and arraigned. He plead
ed not guilty. M. J. Twogood. who suc
ceeded Hays as cashier of the Orange
Growers'- National Bank, was placed oh
the stand by the prosecution and tea-;
tifled in .support of the four. counts.
The defendant was offered the stand,
but declined to give testimony In his
own defense, at this time. . -
Judge Noyes said that the evidence
appearing to Justify the presumption of
guilt, he would hold Hays in the sum
of $10,000. on each count, or $40,000 bail
in total, and intimated that proper bond
in the sum of $80,000 would be accepted
for Hays f freedom.
Since then Shakir Pasha, with a large
force, has been parleying with the rev
olutionists, under instructions from the
Porte, which is desirous of settling the
Albanian movement eo as/ to avoid
complications while negotiating with
Bulgaria and in face of the continued
troubles in Macedonia. The. dilatory
tactics of Shakir Pasha are reported to
haveiemboldened the Albanian revolu
tionises, who, according to information
contafced in the dispatches, have been
massing at various points, and it would
appear from the Salonica dispatch re
ceived to-day, which was the first re
port of any considerable assembling of
the insurrectionists, that Shakir Pasha
is continuing the negotiations looking
to a settlement, and that the dispatch
of reinforcements may be intended as
a demonstration in force, with the ob
ject of securing a final acceptance of
his terms. » , --
LONDON, March 23.— The announce
ment from Salonica on March 3 that
the Albanian revolt had been sup
pressed was, it appears, somewhat pre
mature. It originated from Turkish
sources, where it was believed that the
acceptance of the offer of the exemp
tion from the cattle tax at Ipk, Alba
nia, would satisfy the Albanians. New
evfdences of a determined revolution
ary movement were reported from
Mitrovitza on March 4 and March 9,
and it was announced at Constantinople
that the Albanians had increased their
demands, refusing to recognize the re
form scheme of the powers and de
manding the withdrawal of the new
taxes, the abolition of the new civil
tribunals, exemption from military ser
vice outside of their own provinces and
the pardon of Hassan Bey, the revolu
tionist, who was exiled in 1903.
SALONICA, Macedonia, March 23.—
Twelve battalions of Turkish troops,
commanded by Shakir Pasha, have sur
rounded 10,000 Albanians at Babatepe.
Shakir Pasha has asked for reinforce
ments. Ten additional battalions will
be sent to him. Pending their arrival
Shakir Pasha is negotiating with the
Albanians.
DeTastating Torrent Pours in Through
Break in Levee Four Hundred
Feet in Width.
Moslem Commander Offers Peace Terms
to the Insurgent Army Now
in His Power."
Prisoner Pleads Not Guilty to Four
Charges of Embezzlement He Is
Charged With in Warrant.
Notifies Officer by Tele
phone That . He Is in
Riverside.
Thousands of Acres of Re
claimed Land Now
Under Water.
Sultan Will Hurry Heavy Re
inforcements to Shakir
Pasba.
Hays Surrenders
Himself to the
Sheriff.
Ten Thousand Revo
lutionists Sur
rounded.
Bouldin, in the San
Joapin, Disap
pears.
DEFAULTING
CASHIER IS
IN CUSTODY
ALBANIANS
ENTRAPPED
BY TURKS
RIVER ISLE
SUBMERGED
BY FLOOD
VOLUME XCV— NO. 115.
THE WEATHEB.
Forecast made at Ban Fran*
Cisco fcx thirty hour* ending
midnlirlit, Karch 24:
Eta. Francisco and vicinity —
deafly Thursday; probably
shower*; fresh southwest -wind.
A. G. McADIE.
District rorecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Alcazar — "yarairal." * -
CaHforn!*— "ErlV of Sweden."
Central — T*» JCiixg oX Ortuc
tlv«s."
Columbia — "Harriet'* Honey
moon." - -
Chutes — Vaudeville. •- *
Fischer's — "The Bonnder*J'— -¦*- -"'
Grand Op«ra-Soase— "Mary of
Maerdala."
Orpheum — VaadeviUe. SKatlae*
Tc-Diy.
Tirol! — "Mr. Pickwick."
THE THEATES9.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MARCH ' 24, 1904.
DISEASE IS RAVAGING JAPAN'S
FORCES IN WESTERN KOREA
-NEW .. YORK. March 23. — George
BY*; 'Seward;' formerly. .; United" States
Additional War News on Face X
FORMER MINISTER
TO CHINA HOPES
JAPAN WILL WIN
The San Francisco CallWASHINGTON, March 23. — The
State Department to-day received the
followlngfrom Minister Allen at Seoul:
"Japanese forces have stopped a spe
cie caravan en route to the mines on
this side, of Anju. Miners on this side
are not allowed to -proceed to the
mines. Newspaper correspondents
have been sent back to Seoul from the
north. The censorship is very strict.
Japanese forces are arriving at Ping
yanz after a" fortnight of marching."
JAPANESE TURN
BACK AMERICAN
MINERS AT ANJU
"About 11:15 the first Japanese shell—
a twelve-inch one — dropped among the
Russian battleshiDs right off the en
trance and close to where the seven
teen torpedo-boats were lying together,
about one-third, of a mile away' from
us. The torpedo-boats, tho training
ship and a small gun-vessel wheeled
and went Into the harbor, while those
on the b5c ships continued washing
their chains and trying to get their an
chors secured, the shower of ghell in
the meantime beginning to thicken. We
started to weigh, having for pleasant
companions a three-funneled- battle-
BOMBARDMENT BEGINS.
"At 10:50 a. m. we were cleared from
quarantine, and at the same time one
of the cruisers returned at great epeed,
firing heavily astern, the others having
returned previously. We were then or
dered to shift our berth for the training
ship, but were not assigned to any spe
cial position. We started to weigh an
chor and moved to the westward, close
to the steamer Ningoota, which had
only Just got in, having slipped in close
In ¦ 6hore round the promontory from
the westward. At 10:55. or just as we
took up our berth, we saw the Japanese
fleet, sixteen ships in number, coming
up full speed from the eastward. The
battleEhips were leading, then came the
armored cruisers, with the remaining
cruisers in the rear, all in single file.
The Russian fleet was weighing anchor
slowly, washing their chains and try
ing .to cet their great wooden-stocked
mooring anchors fished, instead of slip
ping them and getting their ships un
der command. It was greatly amazing,
the Japanese fleet being almost on top
of them.
"At 7:55 I saw distinctly with the
telescope that the Rising Sun of
Japan was flying from their mastheads
and gaffs. It was like an electric
shock to us ¦ and we- understood at
once the meaning of the night ma
neuvers, though we had been looking
on for nearly two hours, thinking that,
as the Chinese on board said, there
had been a bad collision among the
fleet the night before. The whole Rus
sian fleet was now weighing slowly and
clumsily and by 8:20 were under way
and steaming after the Japanese
cruisers, but farther inshore, toward
Dalny. . In a few minutes the'Jap
anese were out of sight to the south
eastward and at 9:15 a. m. the Rus
sian fleet returned to anchor, actually
dropping the same great mooring
anchors, although it had taken them
so long to get them up before. They
were perfectly certain, and said so
openly, that . the Japs would never
dare to attack Port Arthur. After
ward they sent a couple of cruisers out
scouting in the direction in which the
enemy'* cruisers had disappeared.
"Turning round and looking sea
ward we saw outside the fleet «a ring
of torpedo-boats and farther. out we
saw some of the Russian cruisers that
we knew to the westward, while^sev
era.1 masts showed on the horizon be
yond them. These we Judged to be
cruisers looking for • what .-. had;, dis
turbed them the nigh5^.i>ef«r/&~4 Be
tween 6 and T.o'clock'the inner cruis
ers came back and took ud their old
positions with the fleet, and those hull
down came slowly into eight (they
were three two-funneled cruisers) and
lay In line, stern on, about six or seven
miles off. Then we noticed numbers
of men on the forts overhead, looking
out- to eea, while the decks of the
stranded cruiser were crowded with
men all looking in the same direction.
About 7:45 a. m. the three cruisers
turred and slowly steamed across the
front of the Russian fleet, to the east
ward, and probably about six miles
off.: ¦'-¦;. -
WARSHIPS AT SEA.
"Betwetn half-past 12 and 1 o'clock
the two Russian battleships passed in
and took up a position right across the
narrow entrance, while . one of the
larger cruisers took up a position close
to the entrance under the lighthouse.
It geemed to us a strange maneuver
for such" large ships at night time, so
we stayed on deck to watch further de
velopments. As it was cold, . however,
and things became a trifle slow, we
turned in about 2 a. m. At 2:35 a. m.
we were called out again as two very
excited naval officers boarded us and
in a mixture of French and English
asked our names, etc. We got no news
from them, as they left in about a min
ute. At 5:30 a. m. another naval officer
boarded us and we learned that the
Viceroy had ordered that no ship was
to leave or enter the harbor until fur
ther notice. After that I remained on
deck with one passenger, and at day
light we made out that one of the bat
tleships was all down by the head and
another by the stern, while the big
c-ruiser had a heavy list to port, all of
them having, we learned later, been
torpedoed and now lying aground.
The following account of the Japan
ese attack on the Russian fleet at Port
Arthur on th£...nislU .pf February S-9,
which opened the war in the Far East,
as given by an eye-witness, an officer
•of a merchant ship lytnK iq-the- outer
harbor <>f Port' Arthur at the time, is
taken from the North China. Daily
News, published at Shanghai. ' It is
euecinct and circumstantial to a de
gree not attained . by any account by
cable or letter yet published and for
that reason Is here given in full:
"On the Sth instant, at 11:30 p. m., we
were lying in quarantine outside of the
entrance. The Russian . fleet was lying
Jn three lines outride us. and on the
eastern side of the entrance there w<;-re
also a fow shipf, gunboats, training
chips and torpedo-boats cruising in the
same line with' ourselves, making a
fourth line. Suddenly we felt a heavy
Bubmarine explosion, with two more in
<4Uick succession. The Russian fleet
then began firing from the outer line
with light "puns, their. drums beating to
Quarters?, while . the searchlights of
every s=hiy .v«re turned on. Steam
launches - and torpedo-boats began
rushing about, buTt in a few minutes
The firing died down and we thought It
v.as only some night maneuver. We
were about to turn in again when the
firing broke out afresh.
"It was principally owing to the
cruiser Novik that we came in for such
a hot time, as the battleship returned
to the rest of the fleet shortly after
the fight began, and they never went
out any distance, but floundered about,
it seemed very much in each other's
way, under the guns of their heavy
forts. The commander of the Novik,
on the contrary, handled his ship very
pluckily, having advanced far outside
the others to the westward along our
line of retreat. He kept dodging at
great' speed backward and forward,
while his guns were served well and
quickly. I am afraid, however, they
were too light to have much effect on
the battleships they were opposed to,
and at that end of the line, toward the
finish, he drew such a concentrated
fire from the heavy ships that he had
to retire amid a regular storm of shell,
one of which burst right at the stern,
but without apparently hitting the
Novik directly.
"It was lucky for us that the range
was long and the lighter guns little
used, or we could never have gone
through it. At 11:43 we cleared the
fire zone and by 11:45 the action had
practically ceased, as the Japanese
fleet had turned shortly before, every
ship in her own place, and steamed
across the Russian front, the cruisers
then leading, with the armored cruisers
next and the battleships bringing up
the rear.
"It was impossible to see w?iat «'am
age the Japanese suffered. ,'.t should,
of course, have been much heavier thi'.n
that of the Russians, seeing that they
were under the flre of so many heavy
forts, as well as of the Russian fleet.
Yet we saw nothing to lead us to sup
pose that they were badly damaged,
and they left in the same perfect order
as they came. Nor was any ship of
the Russian fleet sunk during the time
that jve were present, though several
sustained considerable damage. For
the Japanese had failed to draw them
from under, the guns of the. forts and
the assistance that the stranded ships
were able to give with their heavy
guns.
"The Russians had engaged: Five
battleships, five cruisers and one vol
unteer cruiser, and they also had the
two battleships and one large cruiser
aground. The Japanese fleet consisted
of sixteen ships, rating unknown, but
I think there were four battleships,
: three armored cruisers and nine
cruisers."
"All this time we were racing along
the beach to the westward, while the
shells were falling thickly around us,
but fortunately bursting in the water.
One heavy shell that burst after cover
ed our stern with smoke and spray, so
that looking from forward I thought
our stern was blown away. A second
later one burst under our bows and
sent a shower up forward, and so
things went on, the concussion taking
away our breath and shaking the ship
like a leaf. Looking ahead and astern,
you could see the shells plainly going
for the' forts. • One. large shell that
passed close over us must have been
nearly spent, as it zig-zagged from
side to side, changing its course as it
went; but when it struck the base of
the hill and exploded it shifted a pile
of sand and stones.
NOVIK DOES GOOD WORK.
ship and the small cruiser Novik. The
former, abreast of us, distant about 300
yards, was throwing beds and bedding
and lumber of all sorts through her
amldship gun ports as she got her
headway on, j while we. raced close in
shore away to the westward. At iirst
this battleship also hauled to the west
ward abreast of up, but about a mile
farther out, with the ..Novik a little
ahead of her. while the forts were over
our head. Thus, being directly in the
line of fire, the shells fell thick In the
water around us, on the beach, the
hillside and over the forts.
'•Looking i back the . fleet were
bunched together and fairly helpless,
as until then,: with the exception of our
three-funneled friend, only the cruisers
had got properly under way, though
they were" all firing their heavy guns
as -they were- able. A Russian volun
teer ship, armed as a cruiser, got under
way as soon as any of them, and pass
ing/out through the battleships and
half a mile beyond, found things so hot
that she turned and passed back ir.
side them again, though how she-es
caped, while broadside on, is a marvel.
"Just then I saw a shell burst right
at the stern of a battleship, when they
wore still washing the anchor and some
twenty men were trying to drag a
heavy fish-hook forward to the anchor.
It. blotted out everything in dense,
black smoke, and before the smoke
cleared away she was shut in by the
next in line advancing, so we could
not see the damage done. Then an
other battleship was struck broadside,
abreast of her forward funnel, and then
another on her port quarter, and the
cruiser Askold had her after funnel
and main topmast carried away. These
were all heavy shells bursting on the
outside and were plainly noticeable
from the volumes of black smoke which
they sent up. Of course we could not
see those which penetrated and burst
inside, though doubtless many that
struck the water alongside must have
hit the vessels as well. The cruisers,
strange to say, fought most of the time
outside the battleships and on the wing,
but retired on them toward the end of
the action.
Opening Combat of the War as Seen
From the Deck, of a Mer
chant Vessel.
SEAMAN DESCRIBES INITIAL
ATTACK UPON PORT ARTHUR
RUSSIA NO LONGER FEARFUL OF THE FALL OF PORT ARTHUR
A Guaranteed Cure, for Piles.
Itching. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist will - refund money • tf Pazo
Oiotmont falls to cure you In 6 til 14 da-va. 5Oc*
CINCINNATI, March 23.— Robert
Allison, aged , 74, president , of the
Board of Public. Service, dropped dead
here to-day.. Heart, failure caused his
death. He was' one ..of ,the pioneer
type founders of the country.
Pioneer Type Founder Dies.
RIVERSIDE, March 23.— A Cor
oner's jury, called to inquire into the
death of Dr. J. Stanley Dolan, late
assistant, superintendent of the South
ern Calif ornia^ Hospital for the Insane
at Highlands, who died . suddenly I yes
terday, , returned a verdict of ''death
from natural. causes."
Died From Natural Causes.
Among the many novel suggestions
made for the revival of recruiting for
the British army is one that the soldier
stay in barracks only a part of the
year— say, two months — and the rest of
the time he reside where he might
choose, "going to his work" every day,
like any ordinary mechanic or laborer;
also that when he had done his work
for the day he be allowed to wear
civilian clothes, just as police do.—Ex
change, i
Novel Suggestion for Recruiting.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, March 23.'
A representative of Charles. Flint' of
New York | cays the Chilean warships
Capitan Prat and Chacabuco have
been bought ad referendum, but an
understanding has been given that
they_ shall not be sold to any belliger
ent power. The sale will be ratified
when approved by Congress.
Chilean Warships Sold.
LOS ANGELES, /March 23. —
Charles Brandt, a yoiitig farmer living
near Redondo, is dead at the Deacon
ess' Hospital, this city, as the result
of an accidental shooting. While on
a hunting trip. Brandt's. shotgun was
accidentally discharged, -the whole
load of No. 5 shot entering his abdo
men. It was several hours before
medical aid could be summoned and
he died on the operating table. Brandt
was unmarried and only recently
came to California. parents re
side at Stover, Mo. ','.., '. •¦"
Victim of Shoteun Accident.
United States Minister Allen to-day
gave a luncheon to. Marquis Ito, which
was attended by several foreign diplo
mats.
A brush between the opposing forces
has occurred at the outposts north of
Anju, one Japanese being killed.
The ToDghaks are giving trouble in
the northeastern part j of Korea, and
are making overtures to the Russians.
A detachment of Japanese from Gen-
Ban engaged a body of Tonghaks near
Eamung. twenty-four of the Tong
haks. being killed or wounded and
thirty-five captured.
SEOUL, March 23.— An imperial edict
has been issued opening Yongampho
to foreign .trade.
A French savant points out that spi
ders' webs Improve the acoustic prop
erties of a room. He says he knew in
England a hall that was ideal for the
conveyance of sound. In an evil mo
ment it was decided to clean the cell
ings, and all the spiders were dislodged.
The hall was ruined as a place for
speaking. The savant suggests that
cotton strings might be 'hung loosely
across ceilings to improve the sound
carrying properties of the room.—Ex
change.
Spider Webs in Music Halls.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 24.—
General Thomas Armstrong Morris,
aged 91 years, of this city is dead at
the home of his daughter, Mrs. E. M.
Chambers, at San Diego, Cal., where
he was staying for the benefit of his
health. He was- the oldest living
graduate of "West Point, having re
ceived his diploma In .1834. He was
a famous engineer and railroad builder
and was a distinguished commander in
the Civil War.
General Thomas A. Morris Dead.
KOREA'S EMPEROR
OPENS YONGAMPHO
TO WORLD'S TRADE
This Is the first announcement of an
engagement oft Port Arthur' on March
18. Special dispatches received in Lon
don to-day contain the same details of
the engagement,* but give the date ao
March 22, which probably la correct.
TOKIO, March 23.— A special dis
patch from Moji says that the Japan
ese fleet made a fifth attack upon Port
Arthur on the ISth inst. and bombard
ed the city's defenses. It subsequently
fought a furious engagement with tha
Russian fleet outside the harbor, de
stroying one Russian battle-ship. Seven
Japanese casualties were reported.
There is no information given regard-
Ing the condition of the Japanese fleet.
The Navy Department here has not yet
been advised of the action.
PROBABLE ERROR
IN DATE OF TOKIO
REPORT OF BATTLE
Joseph Jefferson's son, William, once
had a period of being something of a
spendthrift. On the occasion of a trip
abroad his funds, which were supposed
to be ample, had a habit of giving out
with mysterious frequency, when it
would become necessary to call upon
his father for a renewed supply. These
pitiful appeals for aid were endured
patiently and responded to most
promptly for a time, but at last parent
al av..hority began to exhibit itself
and, instead of a remittance, came a
"cable" which read: "What for?"
The reply was swiftly cabled across
the water: "For Willie." — New York
Commercial.
Reason Enough.
OAKLAND, March 23. — C. C. Her
bert, proprietor of A Mon Chateau, was
arrested to-day on complaint of W.
Kritz, who charges Herbert with hav
ing obtained $40 under false pretenses.
Herbert says the money was paid as
a deposit to bind the purchase of a
half interest in the chateau and that
Kritz failed to live up to his bargain.
C. C. Herbert Is Arrested.
On account of the fear that the
United States gunboat Helena will be
withdrawn,, the American residents
here have telegraphed to United States
Minister Conger at Peking requesting
the presence of an American man-of
war in constant communication during
the continuance of the war, for the
purpose of especially protecting prop
erty during the disorder that .will at
tend the interregnum between the
Russian and Japanese occupations, the
latter being an event that apparently
is expected.
NEWCHWANG, March 23.— An in
formal meeting of the foreign Consuls
stationed here has been -called for the
purpose of discussing means for insur
ing the protection of the property of
neutrals, .in view of the fact that New
chwang is' now surrounded by large
Russian forces, having breastworks
and batteries established at the rail
way station on the east side of the
river Liao and also at the fort on the
west side. This situation exposes the
treaty port to the - danger of cannon
fire, should the Japanese come up the
river. .
SEATTLE, March 23.— A decided
sensation has been created here by
the utterances of J. A. Kingsburyi
principal of the Georgetown, Wash.,
public schools, at the County Teach
ers' Institute yesterday. He attacked
the methods of teaching patriotism in
the public schools, saying:
[ "You notice that throughout these
teachings runs the military idea, and
when a war is on, even though it be a.n
inhuman war of conquest, or a war to
quell a rebellion of some cranks such
as. Patrick Henry, Samuel Adams,
Washington. Jefferson or Aguinaldo,
who have the effrontery to flout ! a
principle in the face of a divine de
cree, or ; a packed Legislature, then
the watchword of patriotism is: 'My
country, my country; right or wrong!'
• — that flabby plea that the patriot in
time of war must postpone virtue and
if evil be officially decreed follow the
multitude to do it." H?<v:
Washington Man Says Military Idea
Pervades System, and Classes
Washington a Crank.
PEDAGOGUE ATTACKS
TEACHING OP PATRIOTISM
FOEIGNERS FEAR
REIGN OF TERROR
IN NEWCHWANG
PENDLETON, Or., March 23. — C. A.
Cameron, for twenty years superin
tendent of bridges and buildings for
the Chicago. Burlington and Qulncy
Railroad In Iowa and for the past ten
years with the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company in ; the same ca
pacity, died suddenly this afternoon
on his way from a hospital in Port
land, where. he had been under treat
ment for heart trouble.
Railroad Man Passes Away.
VLADIVOSTOK, March 23.— While
the situation here remains quiet, it is
not expected that Vladivostok will
••nntinue to be much longer free from
the vigorous operations of the Japan
ese. In anticipation of the appearance
of the enemy and of a possible siege,
a ladles' circle has been formed, which
sits six hours daily at the Ministry of
Marine preparing bandages of linen for
sick soldiers and sailors. Most of the
women In Vladivostok belong to the
circle, including the representatives of
the aristocracy, who have determined
to share the discomforts of the opera
tions with their husbands. -
In Likolsk, forty miles north of Vlad
ivostok, on the railroad, a committee
has been formed under the auspices of
the Vice Governor to collect donations
toward the Increase of the fleet.
SEATTLE, March 23.— Vladivostok Is
all but depopulated in consequence of
the war, the bulk of . its population
having taken flight, fearing a bom
bardment of the city by the Japanese
naval forces. W. J. Lip'py. a well
known fur trader, has arrived direct
from Vladivostok, which port he left
on February 20. On a single vessel, a
collier, 3500 Japanese left Vladivostok
the day prior to the first attack on Port
Arthur. The Chinese residents, num
bering about 15,000, sought to lea.ve and
had chartered vessels, but the military
forces would not allow them to depart.
Just before LIppy left the Imperial
Bank of Vladivostok moved Its treasure
and all the banking equipment to a lit
tle town 600 miles In the interior on the
line of the Trans-Siberian Railroad.
WOMEN ARE AIDING
IN VLADIVOSTOK'S
WAR PREPARATIONS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. March 23.
As compensation for the death of her
husband, who was killed by Stepping
on a 11%-e electric wire, the widow of
Clark Terrick, former assistant super
intendent of the Key Route system,
has been paid {lO.WO by the Oakland
Gas. Light and Heat Company. Nego
tiations have been under consideration
for some time which have Just been
completed and any suit there may
have been in contemplation has been
averted.
Yerrick and a young man named
Frank Howlaml were crossing
Thirty-sixth street, near Market. In a
storm early in the winter and both
stepped on a broken wire lying across
the sidewalk. Yerrick was Instantly
killed, while Howland. after two days
recovered consciousness and finally ap
parently recovered from his experience.
He settled his claim with the company
some time ago for $300. •
Second Suit for Divorce.
OAKLAND, March 23. — Trouble has
again broken out between George Ips
•witch, proprietor of the Washington
Hotel at Livermore, and his wife.
Agnes, and a second suit for divorce
was begun by her to-day, she alleging
cruelty. She began a suit on February
20. which was dismissed a week later.
a reconciliation having been effected!
Musician Hurt In Runaway.
OAKLAND, March 23. — Robert C.
Rose, a musician of this city, was seri
ously injured In a runaway accident
this afternoon near the corner of
Twenty-sixth and Valdez streets. He
was thrown from the buggy, sustain
ing a broken leg and other injuries.
Alamcda Teacher Dies.
ALAMEDA. March 23. — Miss Eliza
beth Rosseter, formerly a teacher in
the local School Department, died this
morning at the home of her mother,
900 Grand street. She was the daugh
ter of Mrs. M. E. Rosseter and sister
of John H.. Adrian and Alice Rosseter.
Two Boys Disappear.
HAYWARDS. March 23.— Frank
Gonzales and Joseph .Nunes, whose
parents reside in Haywards, have been
missing since last Friday, when they
were seen going toward the bay. It is
feared that the boys may have gone
out in a boat and been drowned.
ST. LOUIS, March 23.— The identifi
cation of letters of complaint against
the Rialto Grain and Securities Com
pany received by the Postoffice Depart
ment by witnesses employed in the de
partment opened to-day's proceedings
in the trial of United States Senator
J. R. Burton of Kansas in the District
Court. Chief Postofflce Inspector W.
E. Cochran of Washington on the stand
explained the procedure of handling
complaints made to the department &nd
the issuance of fraud orders.
The most important witness of the
forenoon session was Ernest W. Kas
tor, a member of a St. Louis adver
tising firm. He testified that he had
introduced Senator Burton to Presi
dent H. C. Dennis of the Rialto com
pany and to Judge Thomas B. Har
lan, attorney for the company, one day
in November, 1902. The witness stated
that Judge Harlan asked Senator Bur
ton to become general counsel for the
Rialto company. Witness stated that
it was specified that Burton should re
ceive $2500 for his services. Burton,
the witness stated, said his name
cliould appear on the company's litera
ture only as "general counsel," and
that he could not act in any capacity
before the Postofflce Department for
the company. Burton suggested that
the $2500 be paid to him in monthly in
stallments of $500. Burton agreed in
case he accepted the offer as general
counsel to undertake the defense of
President Dennis of the Rialto com
pany, which hasd absorbed the Brooks
Brokerage Company, in case Dennis
should be indicted for the transactions
of the latter company.
Live Electric Wire Costs
Him His Life While He
Wjjs Walking to His Home
Kastor Claims Solon Wanted
His Salary of $2500 Paid
in Installments of §500
DEMISE PECULIAR ONE
WOULD DEFEND DENNIS
3Trs. Clark Yerrick Is Paid
$10,000 as Compensation
for Death of Her Husband
Witness Says the Senator
Agreed to Become General
Counsel of Eialto Company
HARLAN MAKES
BURTON OFFER
GETS DAMAGES
FROM COMPANY
TOKIO,- March 23.— The House of
Representatives to-day appointed a
committee of eighteen members to in
vestigate the charge that Teisuke Aki
yama," a member of Parliament, is in
the employ of the Russian Government.
Akiyama is the publisher of the Niro
kushltbun, a Tokio paper which has
been bitterly assailing the Gov
ernment, particularly upon its financial
policy. It has charged the Government
with having forced capitalists to sub
scribe to the war bonds recently issued,
and. has predicted that a second loan
will prove a failure.. A local prosecu
tion, which was Instituted resulted in a
decision yesterday ordering the perma
nent suppression of the publication and
the imprisonment of the editor for four
months. The case was subsequently
appealed, and both Akiyama and his
friends vigorously deny thp/iharge that
he is a spy. The hearing oefore the
committee and the later discussion of
the question in the House promise to
be exceedingly bitter.
The special session of the Diet to-day
entered upon the business for which It
was called. . President Katsura and
Minister of Foreign Affairs Komura
addressed the House. The Premier said
that the Diet had been summoned at
an. unparalleled moment in the annals
of the country. He counted it a great
honor to share with the members the
duty of upholding the noble policy of
the Emperor. The maintenance of the
permanent peace of the Orient by re
specting the legitimate rights of the
powers, he said, was the established
national policy of Japan. Continuing,
he said:
"Russia not only failed to meet the
Japanese proposals, but defiantly re
sorted to action calculated to injure the
national rights of Japan. Japan* was
'compelled, in self-defense, to terminate
negotiations and to take independent
action."
He was confident the world would
recognize the justice and patience uni
formly exercised by Japan in carrying
forward the negotiations. He was anx
iously desirous of peace, mindful of
the .woeful consequences which war
brought to mankind.
Minister of Foreign Affairs Komura
placed before the House the full text
of the diplomatic correspondence with
Russia, commencing with the opening
of negotiations last July and ending
with Instructions to Minister Kurino to
withdraw from St. Petersburg. The
substance of the correspondence has al
ready been made public.
• No mention was made in the House
of the threatened tobacco bribery scan
dal, and possibly no mention will be
made, as all parties have resolved to
support : a three-year . compensation
plan, thus defeating any project to have
the amount of compensation to be paid :
to manufacturers calculated on a four
year basis.
The statement that Captain Irkorff
of .. the, M.anchurian , commissariat ser
vice was recenjtly ' summarily court
martialed and shot as a spy Is Incor
rect. The War Office discovered that
he had sold information In connection
with the quaratermaster's department
to Lieutenant Colonel Akashl, military
attache of the Japanese legation here,
and he was dismissed from the army.
He has now been arrested and Is await-,
ing trial by court-martial. The infor
mation sold by Irkorff is officially pro
nounced unimportant.
The dispatch of troops to the Far
East is proceeding with increased
vigor. A rifle battalion left St. Peters
burg to-day and three others will fol
low this week, the largest draft going
from the Moscow district. The Em
peror has decided not to go to Moscow.
He will remain at thq Winter Palace
until the end of April and will go to
Tsarkoye-Selo, where he may stop all
summer.
Private telegrams received at the
Admiralty here say that immediately
following the Port Arthur bombard
ment yesterday the Japanese again
spread .reports among the Chinese that
the Russians had abandoned the tbwn.
The authorities express the greatest
satisfaction with the internal situation
of the empire. The hearty patriotism
manifested in all pants of Russia has
profoundly impressed the- authorities.
All of the reports received by the Min
istry of the Interior indicate that the
critics of the Government, instead of
profiting by the war, have been almost
completely disarmed. Two attempts at
anti-Government demonstrations in
Kieff and Odessa, according to the3e
rtports, found the temper of the people
violently opposed to them. Within the
past fortnight only a single incident
occurred which could be construed as
an. evidence of dissatisfaction. This
was the throwing of a bomb at a chapel
In Vilna, the capital of the Lithuanian
Government in Western Russia, a few
days ago. Up to date the author and
the purpose of the outrage have not
been discovered. «
According to private advices from
Vladivostok the Russian squadron is
still there. ' :^'
ST. PETERSBURG, March 23.— The
reports printed in Europe and the
United States to the effect that a state
of siege has been proclaimed in Siberia
and in Saratoff province, Southeastern
Russia (through which the Siberian
Railroad runs) and will be extended
to the whole of European Russia is
officially declared to be absolutely
false. No such measure has even been
contemplated, it being 'considered quite
unnecessary. ' :
BERLIN, March 23. .— The 'semi
official Post to-night published a com
munication from a well-known diplo
mat in Paris, who says that in the
French capital a very pessimistic view
is taken # of the tension which undoubt
edly has' set in between Russia and
China, and adds that all fears regard
ing the attitude of China toward the
war seem to be approaching realiza
tion. Dispatches have been received
at Qua! d'Orsai from Peking stating
that the Chinese Government still de
nies that it has any intention. of aban
doning its attitude of neutrality, but
everything goes to' show that it is
really only waiting for a favorable
opportunity to take part in the hos
tilities. The Russian government has
received similar reports from its Min
ister in Peking and is taking measures
in consequence. /
In the last day or two an exchange
of views of an exhaustive character
has taken place between the French
and" Russian Governments as to China's
intervention in the war, .but no deci
sion has yet been reached as to the
lines of action to be adopted by France
in this eventuality. The answer of the
Chinese Government to the threaten
ing dispatches sent in by Russia is
awaited with anxiety.
In view of the relations which the
Post maintains with the Foreign Office
here a statement of this kind in its
columns Is important.
A, special dispatch from Yokohama
repeats the report sent from Toklo that
the Japanese made an attack on Port
Arthur on March 18 and sank a Russian
battleship. :.;:;•-
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1004, by the New York Her
ald Publishing Company.
Japanese Editor
Is Accused of
Treachery.
Czar Not Fearful
of Dissensions
at Home.
China Is Eager to
Take Part in
the War.
From Japanese sources comes a report 'that In a recent battle at Port Arthur, which Is described
ns having been furious, the Russians lost a battleshii). No confirmation of the rumor was received from
any quarter.
;-V \- Kuropatkin, the Russian generalissimo, hns passed Lake Baikal on his way. to the front and will
soon arrive at Mukden, where he will begin the nctlve direction of Russia's land operations. It is assert
ed in St. Petersburg that .the frequent bombardments of Port Arthur have demonstrated that that strong
hold has nothing to fear from a sea attack, the Japanese shells doing comparatively trivial damage. St.
Petersburg reports that Captain Kltzensteln'K squadron is still In the harbor at Vladivostok. (
Interesting details of the Japanese advance townrd the Yalu are contained in a series of dispatches
from n British correspondent. He says the Japanese hold two very strong positions— at Pingyang and
Sanghange. Elaborate preparations had been made for the advance, but difficulty is being experienced in
obtaining sufficient food supplies. The Japanese troops are suffering from dysentery and pneumonia and
many of their cavalry horses have died, but the spirit of the men Is not .broken. This correspondent
says the Japanese sallora admit that Port Arthur is impregnable on the sea side.
China's mystifying position continues to disturb and alnrm Russia, and France as well, and the Ce
lestial answer to Russia's threatening note of inquiry and protest In regard to the presence of troops In
the war rone is awaited with anxiety.
Korea, acting upon Japnn's suggestion, has - declared Yongampho open to the world's trade. Seoul
advices state that n brush has occurred between outposts north of Anju, one Japanese being killed.
SUMMARY OF THE DAY'S WAR NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, MARCH 24; 1904.
The Emperor to-day received the
rector of the university and three stu
dents representing the students' cor
poration, who presented to him a loyal
address. The Emperor expressed his
sincere thanks. This is the first time
students have been granted an audi
ence by Emperor Nicholas.
the Japanese fleet on the night of
March 21 and the morning of March 22
failed to cause any damage considered
worthy of being reported to the Em
peror.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 23.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin has passed Lake Bai
kal, on his way to the front.
Assurances ' a^e given that Port
Arthur has nothing to fear from a
bombardment. This prevents further
anxiety over the enemy's efforts, which
in a way are welcomed, as uselessly ex
hausting Japanese resources. As no
further dispatches, official or other
wise, have arrived here from Port
Arthur the officials have come to the
conclusion that the bombardment by
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright. 1004. by
the New York Herald Publishing Company.
Only Slight Damage Done by the
Guns of Vice Admiral
Togo's Fleet.
LIAOTUNG STRONGHOLD NOW
REGARDED AS IMPREGNABLE
2
DR. SHOOP'S BE2&EDIES.
Will You Help A Sick Friend?
Get My Book For Him Now. .
Send me no money
Only tell me which book to fend
You certainly know o< «omr one who is sttk— v>m«
(offerer who will be jrateful (or the help my book offers
And that book tells of a way to help Tells of a way
jo certain that I, as a physician, offer that help on trial
The book tells how for jo yean in hospitals and at bed-
sides I searched ior a way to cure deep-seated and ditn-
cult diseases. It tells ho» 1 perfected my prescription
— Ur. Shoop s Restorative How by icienf.nc «»p«n-
'ment I traced out the causes that bring on chronic dis-
eases.
1 found invariably that where there wa* a weakness,
the inside nerves were weak. Where there was a lack
of vitality that the vital nerves lacked power Where
weak orrans were found. I always found weak nerves.
Not the nerves commonly thought of, but the vital or-
fans' nerves, the inside— the invisible nerves.
This was a revelation. Then my real success besjan.
Then 1 combined ingredients that would strengthen,
that would Titaliie these nerves. That prescription I
called a restorative It is known the world over now as
Dr. Shoop's Restorative. After that I did not fail to
curt one case in each hundred Id the extremely difti-
. cult cases my faituren fox five years were one in eac^
forty treated 1 found. cancer incurable Cancer i»
for sorrcry, not medicine
Then haw to get this prescription xo sick onrs every,
where was my thought I must announce It in the
public twess. But. thought I. will they realize tlie
truth of my discovery— the real power of Jh. Shoop's
Restorative? Then a way came to me— like an inspira-
tion. I will offer it to tlie tick on trial Then they
will know I am sincere." '
1 wrote a reliable dnifiiit ra each city and village in
America. They agreed to co-operate with me
Now by any sick one
Dr. Shoop's Restorative
Can be taken on trial. Kor a' full month I will let you
use it entirely at my risk •••»«»
Send no money. Just write me for the book you
need. When 1 send it I w t ll tell you of a dniMisi near
JJ V * ?. l P ontI V ,« nea decide. If you say to the drunrut
"ltdri not help me," th*t will relieve you ol aSy «!
penje whatever H e will bill the cost to mr *
1 *!^^ 7 °.* c I e » rin « *«»» >=i»d ol all doubts as
to what Dr. Shoop's Restorative can do. No matter
how prejudiced, you cannot dispute this absolute secur-
Ity l ? e ,V: . You cannot reiisi in ofier like this if you
sire it A* sick.
If you have a weakness, writ* me. It you can't do
*&** like »«u «sed to do them, tell me about it
, way^e^SeVm, &\ P^£dar" "" *° U
Bl-pr, .t... wBeh SEiUESVSXrt
book you want and Book 3 on th*. Kidney*
addre»i Dr. Shoop. Book *• t0T Women.
box oKJfc Racine. **?**£ tar M "
"~~ Tlook S «n Rh«urn«tts)n:
Mild cases, not chronic, ar% often curei
svlta one or two bottle*. At <irussl»U\Child Drowns In a Canal.
SANTA ANA. March 23.; — Catherine
O'Neill,* aged. three years,, was drowned
at- Yerba yesterday evening- by falling
into an irrigating ditch. The child's
parents reside in San Diego and it was
staying with relatives here when the
accident happened.
LYNN, Mass., March 23.—Thirty
three shoe manufacturers of this city
who employ turn workmen to-day lock
ed out the men in this department of
their factories/ The' outlook Is that un
less a settlement is soon effected 3000
hands will be Idle.
Manufacturers Lock Out Men.
Three Are Killed by Gas.
NEW YORK, March • 23.— Otto
Grossman, hostler; his wife, Jennie,
and Rosie Lon&felder. a seamstress,
were killed by illuminating gras in a
tenement on East Eleventh street to
day. Many occupants in neighboringr
flats were more or less overcome.' Two
gas jets were found turned on full
head. According to neighbors.Oross
man. severaL-times threatened to end
talA life and that of his wife.
Xc\v Ships for Pacific Trade.
SEATTLE. March 23.— The Globe
Navigation Company has acquired two
new steel steamships of 8000 tons
each, now on the Atlantic coast. They
will be operated out of Seattle, and
are expected to arrive here within
the next sixty days. They will be put
either on the Honolulu run or a route
will be fixed up with ports in Japan
and China, calling at Manila,
Smelter May Shut Down.
REDDING, March 23. — It was sriv
en out this mornins that the smelter
at Captain J. R. Delamar's Bully Hill
may have to be shut down on account
of lack of coke. The company has an
abundance of coke at Bella Vista, dis
tant fourteen miles, awaiting ship
ment by wagon to Bully Hill, but the
storm which has bjeen in progress
since February 3 has made freighting
impossible for several weeks. The
coke supply at the smelter has dwin
dled so low. that a suspension of oper
ations may be necessary before an
other week.
Unitarian Leader Entertained.
SANTA CRUZ. March 23.— Emma
Low, one of the most prominent Uni
tarian women of America, was a vis
itor in Santa Cruz to-day as the »uest
of the ladles of the Women's Alliance
of All Souls Unitarian Church. This
evening she was tendered a reception
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Sam
uel Leask. • •
CHICAGO, March 23.— The number
'of, bindery girls on strike here was In
creased to 700 to-day. The employers
included in the typothetae are said to
be contemplating a general lockout
against the union. The girls employed
in the printing establishment of Don
ahue & Co. caused disorder in front
of the establishment by Intimidating
girls who failed to strike. The police
were hurried 'to the scene to preserve
order.
Girl Strikers Cause Trouble.
SAN JOSE, March 23.— The pupils of
the Grant School in this city enjoyed
a snowball battle yesterday. A large
barrel of snow was brought down by
the driver of the Mount Hamilton
stage and given to the children. Many
of the pupils had never seen snow be
fore and the snowballing proved a
merry treat. The barrel of snow had
been packed with great care and be
fore it was exhausted great sport was
had. The snow battle was a strange
sight amid blossoms in full bloom in
the school yard, the snowballs rolling
around among blossoming geraniums,
roses, violets and other plants.
Snowball Fight in San Jose.
SANTA CRUZ. March 23. — The pe
titions for candidates for the coming
city election nre all filed. There is a
Union Labor ticket and all the in
cumbents are candidates for re-elec
tion. The ticket is: Mayor, David C.
Clark, incumbent; George B. Stevens,
Union Labor; City Clerk and Assessor,
J. L. Wright, incumbent, and Sam
Evans, Union Labor; City Treasurer,
F. W. Lucas, incumbent, no opposi
tion; Councilman, First Ward, F.
R. Walt*, incumbent, and Al
bert Cox. Union Labor; Second Ward,
Henry Willey, incumbent, and John H.
Bilodeau, Union Labor; Third Ward,
F. K. -Roberts, incumbent, and A. N.
Hedgpeth, . Union Labor; Fourth
Ward, John B. Maher, Incumbent;
John Penny, Independent, and Charles
J. Barnard, Union Labor,
Santa Cruz City Ticket.
PRESCOTT. Ariz., March 23. —
Northern Arizona was visited to-day
by a heavy rainstorm, with snow in the
mountains and rain In the valleys. An
inch of rain fell, which is the best
storm, of the season and almost equals
the total precipitation of all previous
storms of the winter. Considerable
loss to sheep and cattle men has been
caused by the prolonged drought-
Uain and Snow in Arizona.
MANILA, March 23. — Captain De
witt, with a detachment of constabu
lary, and Lieutenant Pitney, with a
detachment of scouts, have just en
countered Macarlo Sakay, the so
called President of the Filipino re
public. Sakay and fifteen of his fol
lowers were killed and the remainder
of the band was captured. There were
no American casualties.
WASHINGTON, 23. — The
Secretary of War has submitted to the
President for action the record of evi
dence taken In the court-martial pro
ceedings against Brigadier General
Servillano Aquino, an Insurgent Fili
pino, for giving an order for the shoot
ing of five American prisoners, three
of whom died. The Secretary reviews
the case at considerable length and
says that Aquino, who has now been
confined for three years, should re
ceive a full pardon. In closing: hia re
view of the case Secretary Taft says:
"I cannot read the record without
feeling that there Is very gTave doubt
of Aquino's guilt. He is not shown
at any time . to have been cruel or
harsh In his treatment of the prison
ers. On the contrary, so far aa the
prisoners* own evidence goes, he was
considerate with them and Interfered
to aid them."
LOOM1S, Neb., March 23.— A prairie
fire is raging throughout this section
of the State and already three deaths
are reported, while a number of farm
ers are ' missing. \ Houses and stock
running far toward $100,000 in valua
tion have already been lost, and the
fire continues with unabated fury.
August Olsen, an aged farmer, is
known to have be/n burned to death
and two of his employes are missing.
James Lewis and William Anderson,
ranchmen, are also dead. A number of
cowboys are reported missing from dif
ferent directions.
The flames are past all hope of con
trol and are leaping across the prairie
»t race horse speed, burning everything
in their path. The Burlington Railroad
has sent a special train with fire fight
ers from Holdredge to assist the ranch
men in saving the small towns in the
path of the flames.
From Loomis to the Platte River, fif
teen miles, the whole country will un
doubtedly be swept clear by the fire.
Farther to the west, toward which the
blaze, is sweeping, the prairie country
extends for. nearly 200 miles. There
are no streams of note along this coun
try and the fire may sweep to the b«nd
of the Platte River in that direction.
Flames Sweep Across the
Nebraska Plains, Destroy
ing Property and Lives
SAN JOSE. March 23.— William H. j
Frriith. a deserter from the Coast Ar- j
tilicry at Fort Baker, was arrested here
to-day. He enlisted at St. Joseph, Mo.
He was former! y a noted professional
baseball player and played with va- 1
rious teams in the Mississippi Valley j
and the Middle States. Smith con- j
fesscd to beins a dcsorler and the army i
authorities have been notified to come !
for him.
Drsciler Arroted in San Jose.
Captain Dewitt ? s Force of
Constabulary and Scouts
Finishes Filipino Leader
BULLETS END
SAKAY'S REIGN
PRAIRIE FIRE
CAUSES RUIN
NAPA, March 23. — State Veterinar
ian Charles H. Blemer has finished his
investigation into the condition of the
band of cattle recently imported Into
Napa County and Lake County by the
Pacific Improvement Company. He
will file written report with the Super
visors of Napa County in a few days.
Dr. Blemer went by way of Middle
town into Jerusalem Valley, where
about 570 of the herd were located on
the Lake County side of Putah Creek.
He found nearly all. the cattle had
ticks on them, but not Texas fever
ticks. He is convinced that the cattle
are not infected with^ny disease. This
means that no quarantine will be es
tablished and no further action taken
by State or county as to the disposi
tion of cattle. Ticks on cattle, import
ed are much like Texas ticks in ap
pearance except as to shape and size
of head and general method of work
ing on the cattle.
on the Animals, but Variety Is
Different.
State Veterinarian Rlemer rinds Ticks
TEXAS FEVER DOES NOT
AFFECT N'APA CATTLE
SACRAMENTO. March i*~. — Wil
liam Grider, one of the convicts par
doned bv Governor Pardee for having
civen information of considerable val
ve to the prison officials at the time
of the big break of convicts In July
!;i?t, was arrested, this morning for
Ftealing stoves, carpets, knives and
<ther articles .from the store of Wein-
Fiock. Lubin & Co.. where he has been
employed for some time.
Pardoned Coin let Is Arrotcd.
In Austin 1500 employes of th«
Meyercord Company were made idle
because the water flowed into the,
basement of the plant, putting out the
fires. Children being unable to reach
school at Burnside except by boats,
the classes have had to be abandoned.
One man was drowned as a result
of the flood. Farmhouses at Lemont,
situated on the edge of the valley, are
standing in water which reaches up
to the windows.
CHICAGO. March 23. — Much dam
age was caused to-day in Chicago sub
urbs by sprine floods, the worst in
years. In the Desolaines Valley
bridges were wrecked or weakened by
the high waters.
Floods in Suburbs Wreck Bridges and
Cause Much Distress.
DAMAGE IX CHICAGO.
ATLANTA. Ga., March After a
turbulent convention, which lasted into
the night, the Ooorsria Republican Con
vention adjourned, but not before pass
ing resolutions calling upon Congress
to punish the States which have passed
laws resulting in the disfranohisement
of the negro and siile-t racking a reso
lution looking to putting out a State
ticket. ?
(ioorpia Republicans Turbulent.
One of Ihe effects of the series of
storms in the Great Salt Lake Valley
this winter, which have resulted in the
heaviest precipitation for years, has
been a rapid rise in Great Salt Lake.
The great lako since the first of the
year has been rising at the rate of six
inches a month.
SALT LAKE CITY. March 23. — The
storm which yesterday and last nifiht
raged along the Pacific Coast extends
to-day all over the intermountain
region, from Central Arizona and New
Mexiro to Central Montana. Rain or
snow is reported all over the wide des
ort stretches of Arizona, New Mexico,
Nevada and Southern Utah, and the
ranges in those States are receiving a
sorely needed soaking. In Salt Lake
City the rain, which turned to a blind
ing snowstorm this afternoon, was
accompanied by a wind that reached
the velocity of fifty miles an hour, and
some damage to trees and outbuildings
resulted. Tho storm resulted in al
most complete prostration of telegraph
service all over the West and North
west for the greater part of the day,
and accompanying snowslides and
landslides resulted in more or less de
lay to railroad traffic
Intermountain States.
Heavy Rain and Snow Reported From
STORM GOES EASTWARD.
Cities Alone the River.
J. G. Martine, a resident of Sacra
mento and commissioner to the St.
Louis Exposition representing the city
and county of Sacramento and the
Chamber of Commerce there, arrived
in this city last evening. Regarding the
flood situation he said:
"The people of San Francisco are
mistaken if they believe that Sacra
mento and the cities along the rover
were greatly damaged by the late flood
Ipnd heavy rains. They have been told
that the northern part of the country
is one great waste of water and that it
will be many years before the damage
can be repaired. To the contrary, Te
hama. Redding, Red Bluff and Sacra
mento are perfectly safe from any
great damage and have been through
out the entire season. In Sacramento
more than 160 houses are now under
construction, and there is no reason
why within a few years the capital's
population should not be doubled. With
the advent of the Santa Fe and Central
Pacific railways into Sacramento the
city itself and surrounding towns will
flourish, and already laborers from all
parts of the State are hurrying to the
Sacramento Valley, for they know that
their services will be accepted there.
"But as for California suffering from
the great rains and floods— this is the
mast prosperous year in the history of
the State, and Califomians are to be
congratulated."
Floods Have Done No Damage to
SACRAMENTO NOT IN* DANGER.
JACKSON. MiFS.. March 23.— The
largest and most harmonious Republi
can convention that over assembled in
Mississippi met here to-day and elected
delopates at large to the Chicago con
vention. Resolutions were passed
Btrongly indorsing President Roose
velt's administration and instructing
t lie dflc-g*tos to cast their ballots for
him. The eight Congressional districts
have instructed their delegates for
Itoosevelt.
MfsMssippfaiis for Roosevelt-
"Should no nomination be made by
either of the great parties that would
ci'mmand the cordial support of
temperance people opportunity to m'ake
* nomination of its own wduld still re
main."
Prominent members of the Demo
cratic party in Illinois who ere opposed
to the Hearet movement In that State
have been urging General Miles to be
come a candidate, in order to hold the '
eld-line Democrats of the West. That
the supporters of Hearst believe there
is danger of General Miles becoming
& candidate was pointed out to-night
In a paragraph in one of the Hearst
papers, which spoke of General Miles |
cls having "promised to become the j
candidate of the Prohibition party." |
Miles will leave Sunday for Grand j
Rapids, Mich., where he will speak at !
s !«rge Democratic gathering Monday i
Bight.
NEW YORK, March 23.— Rev. James
B. Dunn of this 'city has received from!
Lieutenant General Nelson A. Miles a i
reply to his recent letter to Miles in j
reference to holding a national conven
tton of the temperance party. Miles;
«ti ongly advises against ho'.dingthe con- j
rention until after the party has had 1
an opportunity to observe the action !
taken on the temperance question by I
the- Republican and Democratic na- !
tiunal ttonvcnti'jns. Miles says:
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
¦WASHINGTON. March 23.— That Gen
eral Nelson A. Miles Is being persist
ently urged to become aa open candi
date for the Democratic nomination
for the Presidency and, falling in that,
to etand ready to accept the nomina
tion from the Prohibition party, is the
talk of political Washington to-night.
Efforts have been made within the
last week by prominent leaders of the
Democratic party to get General Miles
to announce himself as a candidate.
The only reply rrade came In the form
of a request to postpone any announce
ment for the time being. Meanwhile
General Miles has accepted an invita
tion to be the principal speaker at
the Jefferson day banquet of the Iro
quois Club, Chicago, one of the prom
inent Democratic organizations of the
West, and he "will respond to the toast
"Our Country." It is believed here to
night that at that time he will be
hailed as a candidate for the Demo
cratic nomination.
Special Disratch to The Cill
SACRAMENTO, March 23.— Mayor
Hassett presided at a meeting in Sier
ra Hall to-night that was called for
the purpose of hearing 1 an address by
P. H. Scullin, who advocates arbitra
tion in settlement of the present la
bor troubles between mechanics af
filiated with the Building Trades
Council and their employers. Only
about forty-five men were present.
Scullin, in accounting for this, de
clared that N the meeting was boycotted
by the union men.
"This will do them no good, as it
shows that they do not want fair
play,"' said Scullin.
Scullin made an earnest address, ad
vocating resort to arbitration in ad
justing such difficulties. He was lis
tened to with great attention by the
persons present and his views appear
ed to be received with approval, as
he was applauded at the conclusion of
his address.
Mayor Hassett said he would wel
come and favor any movement that
would tend to a settlement of the dis
pute. '
TALKS . OF ARBITRATION.
Few Union Men Listen to Address of
P. H. Scullin In Sacramento.
The town of Telluride is reported to
be quiet to-night. 'Information from
Ouray, a neighboring mining camp,
where the deported Telluride men
sought refuge, tells of a joint meeting
held there to-night between the unions
of Silverton and Ouray, which was at
tended by President Moyer of the West
ern Federation of Miners and the de
ported Telluride unionists. It was de
cided to start some of the evicted men
back to Telluride to-morrow to test
the situation. This will be done under
the injunction issued by Judge Stevens
of Ouray yesterday. If the men are
interfered with a stand will be made
first on the powers of the injunction.
Should this prove unavailing, President
Moyer says that proceedings for dam
ages will be commenced In the Federal
courts against all concerned in the de
portation of the Telluride unionists.
HIT also said that charges of kidnap
ing may be brought against them under
the Federal laws. .
TRINIDAD, Colo., March 23.— A spe
cial train bearing 3S0 members of the
National Guard ' arrived here at noon
to-day. The coming of the troops
caused absolutely no excitement.
Camp was established in this city and
detachments were sent out to the var
ious coal camps to relieve the mine
guards employed by the coal companies
at $5 per diem. Immediately upon ar
rival of the militiamen Major Hill read
his first general order placing the en
tire county under martial law and or
dering all saloon3, dance halls and
other resorts of a questionable charac
ter to close at 9 p. m. daily. All citi
zens having firearms in their posses
sion are ordered to register them im
mediately with the military authori
ties, and the sale of firearms and am
munition in the county is absolutely
forbidden.
The mine owners have insisted for
months past that they could not get
men to operate their properties because
non-unionists were afraid to go to
work unless afforded military protec
tion. Sheriff Clark was finally induced
to join the request for troops on the
ground that he could no longer con
trol the situation.
Good order prevails throughout the
county so far as reported.
DENVER. March 23.— After ten days
of civil control, San Miguel County is
again under martial law. According
to news from Telluride, the principal
town of the San Juan mining district,
which includes San Miguel County, a
proclamation Issued by Governor Pea
body was read there to-night declaring
the county to be in a state of", insur
rection and rebellion and ordering Cap
tain Wells of the local troop to assume
control of the affairs of the county.
In the proclamation it is stated that
certain armed bands within and with
out the county are preparing to join
forces for the purpose of resisting the
law and destroying property. Another
reason given for placing the military
in control is that- crimes have been
committed and threats are being made
by alleged disordeiiy persons.
The primary cause for the placing of
San Miguel under the .control of the
military again is the trouble between
the union miners and the Citizens'
Alliance, which resulted in the deport
ing of a number of union men several
days ago. The action of the Governor
was consequent upon an appeal from
the Sheriff of the county, who stated
that affairs had reached such a state
that he could no longer enforce the
law.
SAN JOSE, March 23.— Unless some
thing out of the ordinary occur, Santa
Clara Valley should reap a golden har
vest this year. Not for years has the
county received such a soaking as it
has during the months of February
and March. During the month of Feb
ruary 3.43 inches of rain fell, and so
far this month there have been 3.43
inches of rain. This makes a total ot
10.93 inches for the season, against
12.29 inches to the same date last year.
Last year the rains 'came earlier. For
the twenty-four hours ending this
morning .40 of an inch fell. This after
noon it is clear and it is believed the
storm is over.
Few seasons have been more pro
pitious than this one for big crops.
The late' rains and warm weather will
cause everything to grow. Prune trees
are beginning to bud, and in another
month the orchards will be in full
bloom. Hay and grain are looking
fine, and there is now plenty of moist
ure in the ground to assure fine crops.
BALLARD, March 23. — The storm
which has been gathering for several
days resulted in a little over half an
inch of rain last night. Although the
wind changed and a north gale is
blowing, yet appearances indicate
more rain. The rainfall for the season
is 5.60 Inches. .
RIVERSIDE, March 23. — A furious
rain kept up all night here until this
morning. The precipitation was 1.82
inches. The rain was general over the
county, although It was heaviest In the
mountain 'and foothill regions.
BISHOP, March 23. — The rain here
during last night was 1.19 inches, bring
ing the total of March up to 2.22. The
total precipitation since September 1 is
a half an Inch above the normal. The
mountains are better covered with
snow than usual, insuring an ample
supply of water for summer irrigation.
SANTA ANA, March 23. — The
heaviest rain of the season fell here
last night, with a recorded precipita
tion of 1.91 inches, making the season's
total 5.10 inches. In' the mountains and
the •grain-producing country east of
here 2% inches fell, bringing the total
up to more than 8 inches and insuring
hay crops, ample mountain pasture and
a fair honey crop,' which". were hereto-
Xore la doubt. ,
HANFORD. March 23.— The storm
that has been coming down the -valley
for several days reached here Tues
day afternoon and a good, steady rain
continued through most of the after
noon and night, with a total precipi
tation of one inch, which makes a to
tal for the season of 5.15 inches. Tills
last rain is the heaviest one of the
season and although the cold wind
of to-day dried it up considerably, yet
the prospects are very encouraging for
a good year in every line of Industry.
The storms in the mountains hav-i
caused the water in Kings Rivur to
rise seven and a half feet and this
looks encouraging to those who have
to Irrigate. There is some indication
of frost to-night, and if it is a heavy
one the fruit crop will be damaged
materially, but the light frosts of late
have done no harm. The high wind
here last night did some damage. The
storm at Coalinga amounted to l.'o.
which is an exceedingly heavy rain
for that section.
JOY W SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
There has been much damage in all
parts of the county and while San Ra
fael has received the sxeatest precip
itation, yet the damage is not as great
as in other portions of the countv.
Generally Sausalito and Mill Valley
both record a greater amount of rain.
This year is an exception. Sausalito
has had 28.35 for this season, while
up to the same time last year it had
45.53 inches. Great damage has been
done to vegetable and fruit farms,
while the overflowing: of streams has
caused havoc with property. Many
elegant residences i-ri Ross Valley and
San Anselmo have^been injured, \vhlle
reports from up country points stat^
that hundreds of acres of land are
inundated.
GOOD OUTLOOK AT 3IAXFORX).
SAN RAFAEL, March 23.— Marin
County has had more rain up to the
present time this season than for any
previous entire year since 1889, and
with two exceptions since 1875. The
precipitation for this immediate vicin
ity thus far this season has been 43.39.
In the last four days the downpour
has been registered at 2.53 inches, be
ing over one inch in the last twenty
four hours. In one storm last month
eleven inches fell in three days. Last
season's entire rainfall at San Rafael
was 36.4 6.
DAMAGE IX MARIX.
SAN DIEGO, March 2 3.<— The best
rain that has fallen in San Diego
County this year was the one which
began in showers last night and came
down in little less than torrents at
about 5 o'clock this morning. Back
country reports show the mountain
streams running and the fall has done
an immense amount of good. The
farmers throughout the county are
now practically certain of a hay crop
and if a little more rain falls and the
weather is favorable during April] and
May, that is, without any exceedingly
dry and burning weather, some of
them will harvest grain crops. The
fall of last night to 5 o'clock this
morning was .38 of an inch and di
rectly after that hour the fall was
sufficiently heavy to mark .81 upon
the gauge. The heaviest rain came to
the back country, or rather to the
foothills this side of the mountains.
Julian reported full three inches of
rain and all the streams running.
Cuyamaca reported 2.96 and, water
flowed into the reservoir. Upper Otay
reported .89 of an inch and the two
streams running into the reservoir.
The rain was t accompanied by heavy
winds.
TRUCKEE, March 22.— Freight train
No. 217, the second section of which
left here with two battleship locomo
tives at 11:40 last night, ran into a
snowslide which destroyed snowsheds
at Cisco at 1 o'clock this morning. Both
engines and five cars were buried un
der the enow, ranging from ten to
twenty feet in depth. The engineers
and firemen of the locomotives were
Imprisoned. Engineer Deming and his
fireman were released with little trou
ble, but Engineer Gray and his fireman
were held captive In the cab for sev
eral hours until released by big crews
of men sent from Truckee and other
near-by points. None of the crew was
injured. The men could be heard talk
ing under the snow, but the train crew
could make no headway against the
continual sliding avalanche from the
mountain side.
About 500 feet of snowsheds were de
stroyed and traffic was tied up all day.
Trains were held at both sides of the
wreck. Wrecking trains from Truckee
and Sacramento and all the available
snow shovelers were at work. A second
slide of 300 feet occurred just beyond
Cisco and added to the difficulty of
clearing the track. It Is thought
probable that one or more tramps who
were beating their way on the burled
train may be under the wreck, and if
so they will have little show for their
lives. Several were seen boarding the
train as it left the Truckee yards.
BAKERSFIELD, March 23.— Traffic
was delayed on the Joint track of the
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe near
Keene, in the Tehachapl Mountains, on
account of a washout. During the
night an exceedingly heavy rain fell,
and water came down the roadbed in
large quantities and fifty feet of track
on the main line were washed out.
Seven hours were occupied in making
repairs, and all trains were delayed.
The rainfall at Keene last night was
1.70 inches.
Major Hill Gives Orders
Requiring All Citizens to
Beport Possession of Arms
General Will Speak. at Iro
quois Banquet in Chicago
. and Beply May Be Given
Wrecking Outfits
Hurry to the
Rescue.
Southern Part of
State Well
Soaked.
¦BESOKTS ABE CLOSED
DECISION IS WITHHELD
SACRAMENTO, March 23. — The
high water situation is still giving the
river residents much concern. The
situation south of the city of Sacra
mento is not reassuring. After the
Edwards break occurred the trustees
of Reclamation District 535 con
tracted with Darby Laydon of San
Francisco to stop further erosion at
the ends with piling of a certain
length. This piling has' washed away
and with it nearly 200 feet of levee
heretofore sound. The trustees claim
Laydon violated his contract by driv
ing shorter piles than those bargained
for and they -will refuse to pay his
claim. The contract for closing the
Edwards break Itself was let to Clark
& Henery of Stockton for about
$24,000 and the work should have
been completed yesterday. The action
of the high water and the destruction
of the Laydon work and new portions
of the levee have combined to keep
the break open and water % is still
coursing through it. The river itself
is not at a danger point at Sacramento,
but the backwater from the Edwards
break has attained an average depth
of five feet upon 10,000 acres below the
city and only the Y-street levee, a bar
rier which lias thus far proved very
effective, keeps it from coming into
the lower part of the city.
FAIL TO CliOSE BREAK.
menacing floods. The New Hope coun
try has again "gone under" and is even
more deeply submerged than it was In
the big flood three weeks ago. This
afternoon the water came as near as
the Calaveras River and aa far east aa
the lower Sacramento road, being the
overflow from the Sacramento and
which has been let loose through the
Edwards levee break. The people be
gan moving out of the section early
this afternoon, loading their belongings
into wagons and driving out their
stock. The upper San* Joaquin rose
steadily during the day, but became
stationary at nightfall, registering thir
teen feet at the county bridge, which is
the high water mark.
Unverified reports were current this
evening of breaks in the lower division
of Roberts Island and on Victoria Isl
and.
"War Veteran Urged Strong
ly to Enter Fight for the
Democratic Nomination
Crews of Engines
Are Completely
Covered.
Members of National Guard
Eeplace Watchmen Em
ployed' by Mine Owners
Downpour General
and Farmers
Rejoice.
WANT MILES
AS CANDIDATE
SNOWSLIDE BURIES A TRAIN
AND DAMAGES MANY SHEDS
MARTIAL LAW
FOR TRINIDAD
. ... ---.¦.. • _ . ¦ .-....,,.
THE SAN FRANCISCO XALL, THURSDAY. MARCH. 24, 190£
Continued Prom v Page 1, Column 1.
RfVER ISLE SUBMERGED BY FLOOD
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
XT IS A PAEASITZ
That Causes Itcblajr Scalp. Dandruff,
and. Finally, railing Hair.
The it<-hing scalp, tlie falling hair and
.tlie dandruff ttiat annoys aro the work
of a parasite hidden in tho scalp. That
parasite roust lx? killed to cure dandruff;
niui the only preparation that will do
that is Newbro's Herpicido. "Destroy
t!i<" cause* you remove the effect."
C- H- R«*d of Victor. Idaho, says:
"MysHf and wife liad dandruff and fall-
insr* hair spveral years. Two bottles of
NVwbro's Horpioidp completely cured us.
aft'-r several otlier preparations had
"failed to do good." Makes hair' prow
plossy and soft as silk. Hundreds of
nth*"r testimonials jurt as strong. Sold
tiy leading drucsists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Hcrpicidc Co.. Detroit,
Mich.
Tonka, the usual cheat for
vanilla, costs one or two cenu
for a certain amount
Schilling's Best vanilla a dol
One is strong; the other v.
fine. One is rank ; the other h
delicate. Nevertheless four-
fifths of "vanilla" is tonka
The 98 cents accounts for it.
¦ • \VADVEIITISZME27T8.
lieutenant RllVFRNnRfllFiiVfS
OF SOUTH CAROLINA SAYS: '
"PE-RU-NA MADE ME WELL AND STRONG."
\ R. HOWELL CLEAVES. J
R. Howell Gleaves, late Lieutenant Governor and Acting: Governor of South
Carolina, writes from 126 Carroll street. S. E.. Washington, D. C. as follows:
t "I have had that rare experience of suffering which I can bes* +
4 describe as a winter fever and a summer cold, all from catarrh, • ¦
\ than which nothing short of serious illness can so completely unfit ?
t a man for business. I had almost despaired of ever being fit again ?
t to do anything but mope and hopelessly long for relief, until I list- I
I lessly ventured upon a bottle of Peruna. j
• ' "Its first effect was to dispel the depression of spirits. I kept ?
u taking Peruna according to directions until I became well and ?
'', strong, ready to do business and glad at the same time to speak !!
j; my best possible word for Peruna as a remedy and a tonic." — \\
j R. Howell Gleaves. \
Now Is the Time to Protect Oneself For Thirty Years Congressman Meekl-
Asalnst Colds by Uslni son Suffered With Catarrh. Pe-
ru-na Cured Him.
Pe-ru-na. Hon David Meekison Is well known.
THE season of catching cold is upon J ZH&Z Swn °SUte ln but
us. The cough and the sneeze and ' /0&&K throughout Amer-
nasal twaug are to be heard on ica - He began hia
every hand. ' The origin of chronic ca- Spy _««_"g political career by
tarrli. the most common and dreadful of TO*-*^^ UecuUve UrmS°»s
diseases, is a cold. jK^ mayor of th«
This Is tho v.-ay the chronic catarrh %^\ town in which h»
generally begins. A person catches cold, j[c%?/%\. iir J-^^i l Jves . durinjt
which hangs on longer than usual. The J?Kz8BA-<3b Sal whlch time h«
cold generally starts in the head and --vMp&mfi&Sg* SB'S became widely
throat. Then follows sensitiveness of *-« '¦&* known as the
the air passages, which incline one to „ _^ „ r"v founder of the
catcli cold very easily. At last the per- mop- d»'W Meetinon. Meeklson Bank of
son has a cold all the while seemingrly, ' " " " 'Napoleon. Ohio.
more or less discharge from the nose. He was elected to the Fifty-nfth Con-
mm. hawking, spitting, fre- gress by a very large majority, and is
. nuent clearing of the the acknowledged leader of his party in
Catarrn May throat, nostrils stopped his section of the State.
Re Described U P- * ul1 feeling in the Only one flaw marred the otherwise
***. ¦>««¦ .www head and sorei inflamed complete success of this rising states-
as Chronic throat. man. Catarrh, with its insidious ap-
r |rf The best time to proach and tenacious grasp, was his only
** oia - treat catarrh Is at unconquered foe. For thirty years he
ll^^~ 11^^^~ 1 " 1 the very beginning, waged unsuccessful warfare against this
A bottle of Peruna properly used never personal enemy. At last Peruna came to
fails to cure a common cold, thus pre- the rescue, and h* dictated the following
ventins: catarrh. letter to Dr. Hartman as the result:
While many people have been cured of "I have used several bottles of Peruna
chronic catarrh by a single bottle of Pe- and I feel greatly benefited thereby from
runa. yet, as a rule, when the catarrh be- my catarrh of the head. I feel encour-
comes thoroughly fixed more than one aged to believe that If I use it a short
bottle is necessary to complete a cure, time longer I will be able to fully eradi-
Peruna has cured cases innumerable of cate the disease of thirty years' stand-
catarrh of twenty years' standing. It is ing." — David Meekison, ex-Member of
the best, if not the only internal remedy Congress.
for chronic catarrh in existence. • If you do not receive prompt and satis-
But prevention Is far better than cure, factory results from the use of Peruna.
Every person subject to catching cold write at .once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
should take Peruna at once at the slight- full statement of your case and he will
est symptom of cold or sore throat at be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
this season of the year and thus prevent vice gratis.
what is almost certain to end in chronic Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
catarrh. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.WASHINGTON. March 23.— The
Senate Committee on Foreign Rela
tions to-day authorized a favorable re
port on the treaty between the Unied
States and France extending all ex
isting treaties with France to "Tunis
and all v other French Dossesslons and
protectorates.. y . .
Treaty With France Favored.
DES MOINES, Iowa, March 23. —
Governor A. B. Cutnmins is seriously
ill with an attack of the grip and is
threatened with p.neumonla. Last
night his temperature was 102, al
though it was brought down to 100 to
day.
Iowa's Governor III With Grip.
LITTLETON. W. Va:, March 23.— An
explosion of natural gas in Sharpe's
Hotel to-day wrecked the hotel and
restaurant and adjoining buildings. The
wrecked buildings took fire, and Wil
liam Lawson of Pittsburg, a guest of
the hotel, was killed. How the gas ac
cumulated and ignited Is not known.
Natural Gas Destroys Hotel.
CHICAGO, March 23.— Affer being
together, twenty-six years in the
theatrical business Weber and Fields
will separate at the close of the pres
ent season. Joseph Weber has joined
with the Shuberts of New T York and
they will erect a metropolitan music
hall In Chicago, similar to the Weber
& Fields' Music Hall in Gotham.
Fields will, join with Julian Mitchell
and Fred R. Hamlinin the production
of a big extravaganza. Weber has
purchased all interest and title in the
name of Weber & Fields.
After Being Together Twenty-Six
Years Famous Comedians Agree
to Separate.
WEBEIl & FIELDS DUO
NOW A THING OF THE PAST
WASHINGTON. March 23.—Aggres
sive tactics have been decided upon by
Democratic members of the Senate to.
air their demands for an investigation'
by Congress of the Postofflce Depart
ment. Notice to that effect was served
upon the Senate Committee on Post
offices and Post Roads to-day by the
Democratic members when the commit
tee again put off the requests of Sen
ators Gorman and Clay that one of the
resolutions now pending in committee
looking to Congressional investigation
be reported to the Senate. The Demo
cratic Senators have persistently urged
that any one of the resolutions be re
ported, but the demands have been
combated by the Republicans on : the
ground . that there is no necessity for
an investigation that has not been
made or that cannot be made by the
Postofflce Department. ' v
The plan of the De.mocra.tks Senators
is now to offer a new resolution calling
attention to former resolutions and to
the fact that they have been' permitted
to sleep in committee. , This ; would
bring the entire matter before the Sen
ate.
DEMOCRATS TO FORCE v
AN INVESTIGATION
WASHINGTON, March 23.— It has de
veloped in connection with the work of
the Isthmian Canal Commission that
the headquarters of the commission
probably will be on the isthmus of Pan
ama Instead of in Washington, al
though an office probably will be main
tained here. Legislation now pending
before Congress provides for the ap
pointment of a Governor of the Ameri
can zone in Panama. Should it be en
acted into law it is quite, probable that
the President may ; designate General
Davis as the Governor of the canal
strip. The President practically has de
termined that the Panama Canal Com
mission shall be attached to the War
Department. . v^.':
eral Davis Governor of the
Canal Strip.
President Will Probably Appoint Gen-
.COMMISSION WILL HAVE
"'...> QUARTERS AT PANAMA
WASHINGTON. MArch 23.— The Navy
Department to-day awarded the con
tract for the transportation of naval
passengers across the continent to the
Chesapeake and Ohio and the Southern
Pacific railroad companies.
Transportation Contract Awarded.
WILLIAMSTOWN, Mass., March 23.
The report of the death of Leonidas
Hubbard Jr., assistant editor of Out
ing, while on an exploring expedition in
Labrador, was confirmed to-day by a
letter received by a relative of A. Dil
lon Wallace, a former Williamstown
man, who is the surviving white man'
of the party. The letter was written
by Wallace at Northwest River in De
cember, nearly two months after the
death of Hubbard, and it tells of his
death and of the narrow escape of Wal
lace.
Letter Tells of Fate of tluT-Explorer
and of Narrow Escape of the
Writer.
LEONIDAS HUBBARD JR/S *
DEATH IS CONFIRMED
WASHINGTON*. March 23.— President
Roosevelt to-day eoundlv lectured a
party of Ogallala and Sioux Indians
v.hich called on him about the evils of
horseracing and gambling. The Presi
dent enQeavort-d to impress upon his
visitor* Ideas of industry and thrift.
The Indians listened in solemn silence,
bat &s they emerged from the executive
offices their faces beamed with smiles.
lied Men Smile. However, at Close of
Roosevelt's Remarks Anent Horse
Racing and Gambling.
IX GRIM SILENCE INDIANS
TARE PRESIDENTS LECTURE
PITTSBURG, March 23.— In the Unit
ed States Circuit Court to-day, in
the case of the^ Union. Trust Company
of New York vs. the South Pennsyl
vania Railway Company, Judge Buf
fington rendered a decree finding for
the plaintiff. The decree orders that
the South Pennsylvania Railway Com
pany within twenty days pay to the
Union Trust Company of New York the
sum of $9,927,120, or that its property
be sold by the master, O. W. R. Blair.
United States Circuit Court Orders
South Pennsylvania Railroad to
Pay $10,000,000. y.*7~
TRUST COMPANY WINS
SUIT FOR MILLIONS
DE WITT, Ark., March 23.— Three
negroes were killed in a battle be
tween blacks and whites to-day at St.
Charles, this county. A posse of
deputy sheriffs was engaged in a
search for two negroes who yesterday
had seriously wounded two white men
in a fight and while passing through a
section of woodland they were fired at
from a thicket by a party of negroes.
The whites returned the fire and in
stantly killed three of the negroes.
Arkansas Officers Return a Fire
<From Ambush With Fatal
»&?££>; Effect.
THREE NEGROES KILLED
BY SHERIFF'S POSSE
Consumption Attacks Loui*e Michel.
PARIS, March 23.— Louise Michel,
the famous agitator. Is reported dying
of consumption at Toulon.
Representative at Bombay, India,
Wire*!. News of Misfortune and
Says Wife If III.
WASHINGTON. March 23.— A pa
thetic mesage came to-day to the
Stat* Department from United States
Consul Fee at Bombay. India, dated
to-day and addressed to Assistant Sec
retary Loomis, as follows:
"Daughter dead — plague; wife at
tacked."
Fee is a native of Ohio and was ap
pointed in 1S99. Henry Dodge of New
York is Vice Consul at Bombay.
DAL'GHTEIl OF CONSUL
FEE DIES OF PLAGUE
LONDON, March 23. — Foreign Sec
retary Lansdowne. in a letter replying
to an inquiry from merchants, Bays
that no arrangement has been 'con
cluded with France concerning Mo
roco and that none was ever contem
plated by which Morocco would be
ceded to France.
Moroct-o Agreement Denied.
the Naval Training Station, San Fran
cisco. Acting Carpenter W. R. Donald
eon is. detached from the navy yard at
Mare Island to duty on Asiatic station
via the Solace. Acting Carpenter J.
Feaster Jr., detached from the navy
yard, Puget Sound, Wash., and ordered
to Philadelphia.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— The post
offices at Downey, Fortuna and Glen
dale, California, will become interna
tional money order offices on April 1.
W. P. Kelly of San Francisco is ap
pointed railway mail clerk.
War Department orders: Lieutenant
Colonel James Allen will proceed from
New York City to Seattle. Wash., and
assume charge of the installation of the
Alaskan cable system. Captain Russell
will proceed from this city to Seattle
to duty pertaining to the Installation
of the Alaskan cable. First class Pri
vates Victor H. Birdsell and Carl M.
Shatzer, hospital corps. Fort McDow
ell, are transferred to Fort Huachuca,
Arizona. Post Quartermaster Sergeant
Charles Gilmcre, now in San Francisco,
will proceed to Ord Barracks, Monte
rev, and relieve Post Quartermaster
Sergeant Fritz W. Kuter. Sergeant
Kuter. will proceed to Fort Dade, Flor T
ida. and relieve Post Quartermaster
Sergeant Philip Glesener.
Navy orders: Lieutenant Comman
der C. F. Pond is detached from the
Pensacola, Naval Training Station, San
Francisco, and ordered to the Supply
as executive officer. Lieutenant Com
mander G. W. Brown to duty on the
Pensacola, Naval Training Station,
April 5, 1904. Lieutenant C. Webster
is detached from the Cincinnati and
ordered to the Mare Island Hospital
via the Solace. Assistant Surgeon F.
G. AbekenMs detached from the Naval
Museum of Hygiene and Medical School
at Washington. D. C, and ordered to
Orders Issued at Washington Trans
ferring Officers of the Army and
Navy — Postal Changes.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE.
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
LONDON, March 23. — No credence
need be attached to a rumor from
Askabad to'\the effect that the Ameer
of Afghanistan has been poisoned.
All trustworthy news from Cabul
reaches the British India Government
weeks before it could possibly be
known at Askabad.
Death of Ameer Denied.
NEW YORK, March 23. — Twelve de- j
nominations were represented here to
day in the third session of the Inter- j
church Conference, which for more
!,than,.a .year, has been considering
means to stay the evil existing in the
divorce law. The following resolution
was. passed- ¦ ¦ ' t
"Resolved, That in recognition of
the comity which should exist between
Christian churches, it would tend to
increase the spirit of Christian unity
to advise, and if ecclesiastical author
ity would allow, to enjoin its ministers
to refuse to unite into marriage any
person or persons whose \ marriage
such ministers have good reason to be
lieve is forbidden by the law of the
church in which either party seeking
to be married holds membership."
The committee ' on legislation,
charged with the framing of a na- j
tional divorce law, reported that as j
yet it is unable to determine the best j
method of securing legislation or |
whether it is best to secure the pass
age of an amendment to the constitu
tion of the United States or endeavor
to secure unity of action by the State
Legislatures - and the report was re
committed.
New York Clergymen Will Seek to
Prevent Marriage Contrary to
the Creeds.
MINISTERS OF GOSPEL
WIIJj FIGHT DIVORCE
"Mr. Cleveland was not re-elected,
however; but when Congress con
vened, in a paragraph of five lines he
refers, to the subject of trusts, and
closes with this sad arid terrifying an
nouncement: ' Corporations, which
should be carefully restrained creatures
of the law and servants of the people,
are fast becoming the people's mas
ters.' But he recommends no relief and
suggests no possible way of escape."
"He recommends no relief and sug
gests no remedy. Nevertheless the Con
gress to which this comprehensive
statement of fact was submitted and a
majority of the members of which be
longed to his school of political thought
appointed a commission to investigate
the subject. The purpose of the com
mission was to convince the people that
their interests were not being neglect
ed — at least during the campaign, and
that if Mr. Cleveland were re-elected
some remedial legislation would fol
low.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., March 23.—Les
lie M. Shaw. Secretary of the' Treas
ury, delivered an attack to-night upon
the policy of Grover Cleveland in rela
tion to the trusts while Cleveland was
President. The occasion was the ban
quet given by the Young Men's Repub
lican ClUb of this city in opening the
Rhode Island campaign in the interest
of President Roosevelt's candidacy for
the Republican nomination and also in
behalf of the candidacy of Senator Nel
son W. Aldrich for re-election. Secre
tary Shaw said, in part:
"Former President Cleveland does
not claim' to have recommended any
antf-trust legislation during either of
bis : administrations. He does not
claim that any anti-trust legislation
was passed during either of his ad
minlstrationsr He does not claim the
credit for any litigation ever instituted
to suppress any trust or combination
during either of his administrations.
"He simply seeks to explain why
nothing was done, and places the re
sponsibility therefor upon the courts
and constitution and upon the fact that
the Northern Securities Company was
not organized during his administra
tion.
"Mr. Cleveland was first inaugurated
President on March 4, 1885. Neither in
his inaugural address nor in any mes
sage does he mention the subject- of
trusts until immediately preceding the
election of 188S. In his last message
preceding that campaign he refers to
the existence of 'combinations frequent
ly called trusts,' and closes with this
conclusion: 'The people can hardly
hope for any consideration in the op
eration of these selfish schemes.'
Special Dispatch to The "Call
LONDON*. March 23. — With refer
ence to the approaching holiday of
ford Curzon of Kedleaton, the Vice
roy of India, the Secretary of State
for India, Brodrick, announced in the
House of Commons to-day that Lord
Curzon intended returning to India in
September. By leaving his post he
vacated the viceroyship. but no suc
cessor would be appointed at present,
so the position would be open for the
reappolntment of Lord Curzon on the
expiration of his vacation, should
King: Edward so desire.
LORD CUIIZON'.MAY BE
KJKAPPO1NTED VICEROY
Secretary .Shaw Eeviews
Cleveland's Attitude as Ee
gards the Trust Problem
SCORES SAGE
OF PRINCETON
The provision exempting farmers at
Indian agencies from, the requirement
to undergo a civil service examination
was reverted to and the general civil
service discussed. Gorman reiterated
his opinion that the civil service regu
lations should not be legislated upon
piecemeal and said that inasmuch as
the President has entire control of the
matter it should be left to him. He
Quoted from the instructions of the
President to the Isthmian Canal Com
mission as tending to show that the
thief executive has receded from his
advanced position on the general ap
plication of the civil service principles.
No one had ever supposed originally.
he said, that the principle would be
applied to minor places as it had been.
Hoar said the supplying of ' em
ployes for canal work was a different
thing from filling places in the execu
tive departments and expressed the
opinion that places connected with
the canal should be filled on the rec
ommendation of public men, regard
less of politics. Otherwise the selec
tions might be as unsatisfactory as are
those made under present systems in
vogue in filling Federal places in the
Southern States.
The amendment exempting Indian
agency farmers from the civil service
requirement was agreed to, and, with
out concluding consideration of the
bill, the Senate at 5:34 p. m. went into
executive session and at 5:36 p. m. ad
journed.
The old controversy over Choctaw
Indian leases was revived by a motion
by Kean to amend the committee
amendment for the payment of $50,000
out of the Choctaw funds to J. H.
Sj-pher for services rendered the In
dians in connection with the leases.
Plan supported the claim as valid, but
in reviewing its origin said that
$802,000 had been paid to lobbyists in
connection with this claim. Several
Senators spoke on the merits of Spyh
ers claim, all agreeing that his ser
vices to the Indians had been that of
en attorney and entirely legal and
legitimate. On motion of Patterson
the amount to be paid to Sypher was
reduced to $25,000. and the amend
ment as thus modified, after three
hours of debate, was defeated by a
vote of 23 to 25.
WASHINGTON. March 23. — The
Senate again spent the greater part of
the day considering the Indian ap
propriation bill. Three hours of time
was given to discussion of a claim of
$50,000 for "services rendered the
Choctaw Indians. It finally was elimi
nated from the Indian bill. The civil
service debate was renewed and there
was a discussion of the policy to be
pursued in securing employes for work
on the Panama Canal.
The department,, pointed out to the
Peking authorities through Minister
Conger that it was probable that so far
from bettering conditions relating to
the admission : of Chinese into the
United States any new treaty would
fail of approval 'by. the Senate. The
Chinese would thus be exposed in the
absence of a sheltering treaty to the
full rigor of the Geary and Heinz law,
and exclusion would be much more
complete than at present.
.WASHINGTON, March 23.— The. State
Department has received formal notice
from the Chinese Government denounc
ing the Chinese exclusion treaty, so the
present convention will expire .Decem
ber 27 next unless It is replaced by an
other treaty by. that date. Under its
terms six months before the expiration
of a period of ten years from December
27, 1894, if either power be dissatisfied
with the treaty, if Is "required to de
nounce it, and this Is the action which
China has taken in spite of the strong
est efforts to the contrary on. the part
of the State Department. Had the no
tice not been served the treaty would
have continued in force for. another ten
years from December 27, 1904.
"Mrs. Cody tried to poison me three
years ago." the colonel testified. "She
had frequently threatened to do it.
We were visiting, in Rochester, N. Y.,
during the. holidays of 1900, and the
day after Christmas I was ill. I sup
posed the turkey and plum pudding
did not .'agree with me. She said she
would, fix me up and pretended to give
me medicine. . It was poison. It al
most finished me, for I was uncon
scious for some time. I think it must
have been an overdose, for it made
me vomit, and I suppose this is what
saved my life."
In hisjestimony to-day Colonel Cody
relaterfrnany instances of his wife
having humiliated him at his "former
home" in North Platte by her conduct
toward his guests. "She drove my
friends away," he said. "When they
were no longer welcome in the hand
some residence I built and elaborately
furnished, it was no longer my home."
The witness then went into deta'Is
and recited many specific instances of
his wife's discourtesy to his guests.
Mrs. Cody's counsel inquired Into
the character of the guests to whom
she objected and ,lnto their conduct
while at her home. The purpose of
the inquiry was to show that the men
whom he brought to the house be
longed to a fast and riotous set and be
haved in such a manner that she had
a right to object to them.
DENVER, March 23.— Colonel Wil
liam F. Cody ("Buffalo Bill") made a
deposition before a notary in this city
to-day. In the action for divorce which
he has brought in Big Horn County,
Wyo. Colonel Cody will sail for Eu
rope shortly, and -will be absent from
the country when his suit is tried.' In
the proceedings to-day Colonel Cody
was interrogated by his own attorney
and was , subjected to cross-examina
tion by counsel for Mrs. Cody. .
PARIS, Marqh 23.— The belief steadily
grows that the Combes Ministry may
not be able to weather the recent minor
reverses and it is even said in high
quarters that the culmination of the
crisis is likely to come next Friday
with the retirement of Marine Minister
Pelletan and probably all other mem
bers of the present Ministry. Th«
committee having In charge the inquiry
into the status of the navy is expected
to make its. report on Friday and this
probably will arouse a heated contro
versy and bring on a decisive issue as
to the strength of Pelletan and the
Ministry as a whole.
PARIS, March 23.— In the Chamber
of Deputies to-day opposition by the
Clerical party practically stopped pro
gress on the religious education bill,
the Clericals resorting to every possible
form of obstruction. Eventually the
sitting was adjourned until 9 p. m.,
owing to. the lack of a quorum.
Previous to this Premier Combes dis
cussed the effect of the amendment re
cently adopted authorizing novitiates
intended to be trained as teachers for
service in the colonies. The Premie",
who frequently showed much Irritation,
contested the theory that .the majority
which passed the amendment intended
to give the teaching congregations a
new lease of life. I£_he thought that
such was the intention, he said, he
Avould ask the Chamber to pronounce
positively for or against the suppres
sion of the congregations. He pointed
out that the congregations were dis
solved by the first clause of the bill
and that consequently the effect of the
amendment was to create a- new con
gregation with a specific action rt
stricted to the colonies.
Moon of Tennessee moved to strike
out the entire provision appropriating
1142,728 for speciasl mail facilities on
trunk lines from "Washington to At
lanta and New Orleans, but it was lost,
80 to 88. An amendment by Robinson
of Indiana to strike out the provision
of $2S,000 for special facilities on trunk
lines from Kansas City to Newton,
Kans.. also was lost, 65 to 69.
At 5: JO p. m. the House adjourned.
Smith's amendment was lost, 43 to 71.
Hughes then withdrew his former
amendment regarding the making or
repairing of mail bags in prisons and
offered- a substitute, which wag agreed
to, providing, "that hereafter no con
tract shall be entered into by the Post
office, Department for the purchase of
material or supplies to be manufac
tured by convict labor."
An amendment by Snapp of Illinois
providing that out of the appropriation
of $1,200,000 for mall messenger service
$100,000 shall be allotted to the under
ground tunnel system in Chicago was
agreed to after considerable debate.
Representative Hughes of New Jer
sey offered an amendment limiting the
appropriation for mail bags so that it
shall not be available for the purchase
or repair of mail bags made in prisons
or by convicts. Gardner of New Jersey
declared the - situation ridiculous.
United States mail bags, he said, were
being made in New Jersey State pris
ons. At the same time those prisons
contained United States prisoners, who,
under the law, are forbidden to work
on Government supplies. Side by side
with these Federal prisoners were State
prisoners, and these were making mail
bags for the Government. He believed
the amendment to prohibit this should
go in the bill. By unanimous consent
the sectron of the bill and the amend
ment temporarily were passed over.
Cowherd of. Missouri called attention
to the report of the postal commission
which, he said, had expressed the opin
ion that the rates paid the railroads
for carrying the "mails should not be
reduced, and he made an extended
argument In support of this view. He
was Interrupted by i Baker of New York
who, with some passion, inquired "if
the gentleman maintains that men who
have railroad passes in their pockets
are not prejudiced in favor of The rail
roads?"
Cowherd replied, amid applaus*. that
he would leave it to the House whether
he had been so informed.
Baker excitedly declared that there
were some members who have been in
formed, which called for a rebuke from
the chair, who said that Baker had
transgressed the rules of orderly pro
cedure In the House.
WASHINGTON. March 23.— When
the Hbuse^adjourned to-day some-pro
gress had been made, in the reading
of the postofflce appropriation bill for
amendment, but only six pages were
disposed of. The appropriation for the
railway mail service was carefully
scrutinized, and in- the case of jnland
mail transportation' by star routes the
appropriation was scaled down from
$8,100,000 to' $7,850,000. The question as
to the length of time a postal car may
be used before it becomes unfit, for
service was settled by the House when
an amendment- by Tawney of Minne
sota was adopted providing that no
part of the appropriation shall be used
for the rental of cars which have been
in service for more than fifteen years.
An unsuccessful fight was made
against the appropriations for special
mail facilities over trunk lines south
from Washington and west from Kan
sas City. I
To the provision in the bill appro
priating $5,736,000 for railway postal car
service Tawney of Minnesota offered
an amendment providing that no part
of the sum shall be expended for use
of cars In the railway mail service that
have been used in said service more
than fifteen years. The amendment
was agreed to by a vote of 61 to 59.
Furuseth reviewed the religious and
social development of the world from
the Roman empire to the present time/
He said that the opponents of the bill
held that the product of labor, was a
property right. This right had been
admitted in every injunction that had
been issued against labor, but it wa?
a f .i entirely erroneous assumption.
Gompers challenged many of the
statements of the opponents of the
measure. He declared that the use, of
the injunction against labor was of
comparatively recent origin and en
tirely unjustified, and in speaking of
the extent to which labor is organized
he said:
"I agree that we do not represent a
majority of the workingmen of the
country, but I venture to say that we
represent the most intelligent, the most
skillful and the most manly of the
v.orkingmen of the country, and this,
too. without any reflection upon the
ccn-union men."
WASHINGTON'. March 23.— The
House Judiciary Committee to-day con
tinued the hearing on the anti-injunc
tion bill. Senator Matson of Indiana
spoke in opposition to it and said th«*
labor unions', policy, was to intimidate
and coerce. He characterized John
Mitchell as v the most conservative labor
leader in this country, but said no man
ever uttered a greater untruth than
Mitchell when he declared "Once a
worklngman, always a workingman."
J. C. McCloskey of Pittsburg detailed
to the committee the beneficial effects
of the Injunction in labor troubles in
Pittsburg.
The afternoon session of the hearing
was devoted to arguments in favor of
the bill. H. R. FulJer. representing the
Railway Trainmen's organization; An
drew Furuseth, representing the Amer
ican Seamen's Union, and President
Gompers of the American Federation of
La£or were heard. The hearing ended
with Gompers' testimony. .
Fuller declared the opponents of the
bill had acknowledged that they were
practically in favor of government by
injunction, which would abolish trial
by jury and all the rights that labor
holds sacred. If the bill was uncon
stitutional; as its opponents have
claimed, then an amendment should be
made to the constitution. He criticized
Representative Hogg of Colorado for
coming before the committee and re
citing the reign of crime in his State,
saying Mr. Hogg should have been con
tent to oppose the bill on the floor, and
that murder and crime were questions
entirely outside of its scope, as the bill
legalized neither. t <
ment Exposes It to En
forcement of Geary Law
Action of Oriental' Govern-
Before House Judiciary Com
mittee the Methods of Col;
orado Men Are Denounced
Scout Says That in Lieu of
Medicine His Wife Admin
istered a Deadly Drug
Beligious Education Bill
Stirs Bitter Debate. Cleri
cals Obstructing. Progress
Gorman Holds to Opinion
That Civil Service Should
Not Be Treated Piecemeal
Fight Against Extra Service
on the Trunk Lines Is
Lost by Very Small Margin
TURKEY MAKES HIM ILL
DISCUSS MERIT SYSTEM
EXPIRES IN DECEMBER
ENLARGED FACILITIES
FULLER SCORES HOGG
CLIMAX APPROACHING
Senators Spend Major Part
of Day in Arguing on Ap
propriation for Bed Men
"Buffalo Bill" Says Woman
He Is Suing for Divorce
Attempted to' Poison Him
Eeduces Amount for Inland
3Iail Transportation From
$8,100,000 to $7,850,000
Fumseth and Gompers Urge
Strong Plea in Behalf -of
Anti - Injunction 3Ieasure
Belief Is General That the
Ministry Cannot With
- stand the Kecent [Reverses
Agreement Concerning Ex
clusion Is Nullified by
Denunciation in Peking
INDIAN BILL
OCCUPIES TIME
HOUSE CUTS
APPROPRIATION
CHINA'S MOVE
VOIDS TREATY
LABOR LEADERS
MAKE DEFENSE
CODY MAKES
GRAVE CHARGE
COMBES' FALL
IS PROBABLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1904.
Get a uniform coffee. Hills Bros.'
Arabian * Roast. V
WASHINGTON, March 23.— The na
tional bank of Holdenville; I, T., has
been closed by the Comptroller of the
Currency. Myron Sturtevant has been
appointed receiver-
Receiver for National Bank.
NEW YORK, March 23.— The fol
lowing Calif ornians are in Xew York:
From San Francisco— W. D. Page, at
the Hoffman; B. LiDpman, at the Her
ald Square;- G. Zelner, at the Astor.
From Los Angeles — E. L. Swain, at the
.Navarre; \V. Jarchow, at the Imperial.
Californlnns in New York.
4
SCOTT'S E3tTJXSION.
WINES, CORDIALS
AND EXTRACTS
of cod liver oil act
about the same on a
weakened system as a
cocktail does on an empty
stomach. If any good is
accomplished- in either
case the medical world
has yet to find it out.
The reason Scott's
Emulsion affords effec-
tive and permanent relief
and cure in all wasting
diseases is because it re-
stores' Health through
nourishment/ not through
alcoholic stimulation.
#
ADVEBTISEHZNTS.
CURES CATARRH
Paw-Paw cured Hon. Kitt Gould. Chi-
cago, of Catarrh of Stomach:
Hon. Kitt Gould. Chicago, representa-
tive of the 3d Senatorial district, ana for
four years the attorney for the Stat«
Board of Pharmacy of Illinois, says: "T
have been a great «uffer«»r from catarrh
of the stomach, dyspepsia and indiges-
tion, which completely upset my ner-
vous system. Munyon'B Paw-Paw has
driven out these distressing ailment*
and has restored all my old time energy
and vim. It is a marvelous remedy.
I believe that when the public becomes
thoroughly familiar with the virtues of
Paw-Paw it will not only be used In
every home, but It will be adopted lntr»
the United States Army and Navy, and
used in every hospital throughout the
civilized world. MUNYON.
Sold by all druggists. Large bottles.
$1. Paw-Paw Laxative Pills. 25c bottle.
OCLAU TSAVEL.
eSteajsen leav» Broadway
wharves. Pler» 9 and 11.
San Franctsco.
For Ketehikaa. Wrangel.
Juneau. Ilalnes. Bkagway.
*tc. Alaska — 11 a. ca.. Mar.
2fl. 31. Apr. 5. Change to
Company' • steamers at Seat-
tle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
< Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. B*l-
! llnghaia— 11 a. m.. Mar. 28, 31. Apr. S. Chans*
: at Seattle to thl» company's steamera for AUs-
. ka and G. !V. Ry. ; at Seattle cr Tacoma to
! N. P. Ry, ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt BayV- Pomona, 1:30
I p. m.. Mar. ZX 20. Apr. 4. Spckans. 1:30 p.
I m.. Mar. 28. Apr. 1.
i Fcr Lo« Angeles <via Port Los Angeles and
1 Redondo), fan l>icso and Saata Barbara — San-
ta Rosa, Sundays, '.» a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. in.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara.. Santa Cru«. Mon-
, terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford iSaa
Luis Obirpo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Mar. 2». Apr. 1.
Bonita. » a. m.. Mar. 2S. --»pr. 5.
For Ensenada. Mas-lalena Bay. San Jsse del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Fax. SantA Ro-
salia. Guayrcaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each
mosth. • For further iRiOrmatlon obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers cr sailing
dat*»«.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery «t- (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st- and Broad-
way wharves. Kreljcht office. 10 Market *t.
C. D. PI'NAXX, General Pa»«rjfr Asent,
10 Market St.. San Franciaco.
The Pucino Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st. will
call for and check basscagi! from hotels and
residences. Telcpbcne Eschaage 312.
ASIE3ICAH XiXZn:.
Plymouth — Cherbcarsr — Southampton.
T""-r>m New York Satur'iar* at 0:30 a. m.
St. Louis Apr. *B«. Paul Apr. 1*
-\«* »i.rk Apr. > Philadelphia ...Apr, r;
AYIiASTTXC TBAHSPOHT Lias.
New Yori— ioadoa Dlxact.
ilinnetenka Apr. 2. 7 a. m.
Marquette Apr. 9. 9 a. m.
Mlnnehaha Apr. 10. G a. m.
Minneapolis Apr. Xi, noon.
Ooly flrat-class passengers carried.
sosunioir nrrs.
Portland — laverpool — Snort sea passage.
Dominion Apr. - Canada Apr. 16
Cambroman Apr. i>j Kensington . — Apr. GO
HOLLANB-AMEBICA I.IITE.
New Twln-ricrew Steamers of l.'.5"O Tons.
New York — Rotterdam. Via Boniotrne.
Sallies Tuesday* at 10 a. m.
Statendam Mar. :£». Rotterdam ....Apr. 12
I'otsdam Apr. 5>Ryndam Apr. VJ
•Will call at Plymouth.
S£D STAR U3TE.
3Tew York — Antwerp — Paris.
F"mni New York Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Finland Apr. 2, Kroonland Apr. Irt
Vaderlacd Apr. WiZeeland Apr. Zi
WHITE STA2 Itiaii.
Wew YorX — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Majestic. Mar. 30. 1O am ; Celtic Apr. 15. 5 am
Oceanic. .Apr. 6. 10 am;Cedrlc Apr. 20. * am
TeutcnJc.Apr. 13. 10 am: Majestic. Apr. 27. 10 am
Soston — Que en stcrwn — Xilvarpool.
Cymric Apr. 21. May 19. Juna IS
Cretic Mar. 31, May 5. June 2
BOSTON ICBSZTESRATTSAN UlMftVlC'i:.
Azores. Gibraltar. Naples. Qeaoa*
CANOPIC Apr. 23 May CS
REPUBLIC (new) Apr. SO. June 9. July 7
ROMANIC April 9. May 1*. June 1%
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pactac Coast.
21 Post St.. San Franciaco.
frdrKAPtfcS ft ALSXAJiDRlA,
ROMANIC Apr. 9. May 14. June IS
CANOPIC Apr. 23. May Z% July 2
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
TT.e&e steamers are tha largest In tS«
Mediterranean service.
First class. $63 up-ward.
Boston to Liverpool G«e£U»
CTMRIC Apr. 21. May 19. June If
CRETIC Mar. 31. May 5. Jon* 2
REPUBLIC (new).. Apr. 30. June 0. July 7
First class. $60 and %«S upward. accord-
Ing to steamer. For plans, etc. addraaa
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific
Coast, 21 Pest St.. San Francisco.
J$amhurg-Jhmerican.
Bl-weeUy Twin Screw Serrlee.
Vox Flymoula. Clierbourar. Sasxsnrs*.
TH2 GREAT OCEAK PLTIB.
S. S. Deutschland
6S*U;, ft. lor;*— 23 tj knots arerzie speed.
Sails Apr. 7. May 12. Juna S». July 7
: t'Bluecher Mar. 24? Patricia Apl. 9
t'Moltke Mar. 3l|Belgrav|a Apl. 1*
Pennsylvania ..Apl. 2iA. Victoria. . . . Apl. 21
•Dtutschland ..Apl. 7' Pretoria Apl. 23
•Cril! room and tgymnaslutn on board.
HAMBUaO-AilERICAII LINE.
Offlrea. 35 and 37. Tiraidvcay. New York.
HERZCG & CO.. 4OI CALIFORNIA ST.
. O. #?. & /V. CO.
OREGON satl» March 2S. April 7. 17 27
May 7. lf»an*1 27. GEO. W. ELDER "sails
March 23, April 2. 12. 22. May fc 12 and 22
I Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR. and
short rail line frcm Portland to all points
1 East. . Through tickets to al? points. Steamer
: tickets include berth »nj nu-als. Steamer rain
J foot of Spear st.. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 MontRcmery st ; C
CLIFFORD, Gen. Agent Freight D«pt.. 3
Montgomery st.
Occanic$.s.co.»^ ; ;g:
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thur., March 24. 2 p. in.
S. S. ALA M EDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 2. 11 a.m.
S. S, MARIPOSA. fcr Tahiti. Apr. 23. U «.m-
I.D.SPBICHLS i BEDS. CO.,Altl.Tii&t 0EC8 643 Xai-
tit st, rrciflt cats 329 Kami St., Piir 7, pasiis st
Mare Island and ?allajo Steamem.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 3:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. !•: 15 &. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Valleja
7 a. Bi., 12:30 and «t p. m.. except Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. SO cent*. Tri.
Main 1505, Pier 2. Missions;, dock. MATCU
fisost,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
w Pmk.\ \1S LAAATIVc
i t^Q^ssfl MY NAME IS NOT
1 >^«Mii^£i HUNYADI ONLY,
I ISM hunyadTjanos,
'B X **i& THE ORIGINAL.
K (vfclti «. *""¦ ONLY GENUINE
R iff! AND RELIA8LC
!| ttflRYlfiH HUNGARIAN
i y Is Always Reliable for
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
lai&logue and Price Llsti Maila.1
on Application.
FBESH ASS SALT MEATS.
JAS RAYF^ k ft) shipping Uutctvtra. 103
OILS. - -',-¦¦ T
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A ELJJS.
418 Front St.. 3. F. Phone Main 1T19.
FBnrrara. ~~ "
F f HIIfiHrX printer.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
C0MPAS5IE QKHSBALB TaAHSATLAJiTIQJJl.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. - A
Sailing every Thursday Instead ot Jfft5 5 '»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 4" ¦ ; 5*xK&« f
North Rlvtr. foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, 170 and upward. Sec-
ond clas» to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGKNCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building)
New York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents...Fire broke outin the dining-room
"of the Hotel Newport. 1018 fPine
street, last night at -7 o'clock.' The
Fire Department responded to. a still
"alarm, but before the ."flames" had been
extinguished", damage to the amount
of $100. had' been done. There was
much excitement among the' guests,
who' were dining at the time.'
Fire In Hotel Newport.
WILL ENTEKTA1X FRIENDS
WITH MUSIC AXD SONG
Polyglot Club Arranges Programme of
Splendid Merit for Its Xext
* Meetins.
The Polyglot Club . will give its sev
enth entertainment, on Wednesday
evening, April '6, ; at the, residence of
Mrs. Albert W. Scott; 305 Buchanan
street. The guests are i expected to at
tend in fancy. .dress.' Following will
be the programme:
(a) "Deutsch." from * The' Nations" Mosx
kowskl). (b) N'orwfftlan Danse. No. 2 (Grl*K).
four hands. Miss Mabel Vanderhoot and S'.gnor
n. A. Lucchesl; raonolcgup, "l"n Bal de Noce'*.
(Dreyfuss), Miss Cherry. Bender; aria from
"Samson and Delilah" " (Saint- Saens). Mr*.
Blanche King Arnold: -monologue. "FeUclta"
<.Rast). Mis9 Grace Llewellyn Jones: <a) "Lea
Amourcux"- (Carlo Mlnettl). (b) "l/Heure K»
qulse" (Reynard Han). <c) "The Message". (Ce
cil Caverly),' Mrs. Henrietta Martin Hears;
monologue. "Les Deux Mcntres" (Pradrel).
Mrs. A. M. Tomkln; duetto from "11 Barblere"
(Rossini), Mrs. TV. Scott Franklin and Signor
Achllle Aloertl;. recitation. .'Titus Tears."
musical accompaniment (T. B. Aldrich). Mrs.
J. Dennis- Arnold; "Voyage iu Pays de Rose"
fVentura).. Signor L.. D. Ventura; val»e -caprice,
"Les Amerlcalns" (F. - Wagner), four hands.
Miss Mabel Vanderhoof . and Slgnor R. A. L,uc
ch«*i: musical 4lr#clor. Richard A. LuccheM.
They plighted their troth beneath the
palm.
But each was sorely vexed;
When they were sure no one was near.
The rubber tree was next.
—Louisville Herald.
Dritihjj v u utid l-'ood.
The climate cf England kills half the
population; the cooking kills the rest.
Throughout the world, wherever there
i? the sun* or a spring, there are Eng
l.'r-;i men and women endeavoring to
repair their constitutions. The medicine
bill of the English people— together
with its accompanying expenses — is
Eufiidentl}' ¦ large to support a second
m.u- iKiwer. and does mainly support
many larse and small towns on the
Continent and elsewhere. — London
Popping the Question.— "Miss Oldgirl,
I have a very mdmentous question to
put to roil."
"Go c-n, Mr. Dashleigh — George— I" —
"A question upon tha answer to which
depends my peace of mind."
"Oh, -this is so — but go on,- George,
dear."
- "How old is Ann?" — Houston Post.
Cornelius Wample, 82 years of age,
was. knocked down by an electric car
on. Third street, near Market, yester
day, afternoon and his right arm was
broken.^He came to California in
early. days, but had just come here
from .South America, where he had
resided-for the last 'fifty years. He
was treated at the Central Emergency
Hospital by Dr. Millar.
Ascn Man Struck by Car.
Michael Haly, residing, at 325 Harri
et street, finding, that he could not:re
sist using opium, cocaine and morphine,
deliberately threw .himself in front; of
a moving locomotive on Townsend
street, near Seventh, yesterday fore
noon. Haly stood on the railway track
until he saw a switch engine approach,
when he stepped on the. track and lay
down In front of the engine, which was
backing up to a- switch. The break
beam caught -him and dragged him a
distance of twelve feet, when he was
extricated' by two employes of the
company.
He was sent to the Emergency Hos
pital, where Dr. Brackett ', found;.,, It
necessary to amputate both feet'atthe
ankle Joints, as the members had been
Michael $ Haly Tries to End His Life
by Juniplns-in Front of a
Locomotive. ¦¦/. .'""-
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE BECAUSE
HE CANNOT RESIST 3IORPHINE
April 19 — Acting assistant surgeon.
Public Health and Marine Hospital.
j Service. Age limit, 20 years -or over.
; Applicants must be competent • physi
cians and surgeons and graduates of
recognized medical colleges.
I Apply to the United States Civil Ser
vice Commission, Washington. D. C,
or to the secretary" Consolidated Board
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jackson
street, for application form 1312, which
should be properly executed' and filed
with the commission at Washington.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces the following ex
aminations at San Francisco, Los
Angeles, Fresno and Marysville:
April 19— Meat inspector. Bureau of
Animal Industry, Department of Agri
culture. Applicants must be graduates
of veterinary colleges. Age limit, 20
years or over. Attention is Invited to
the fact that the supply of eligibles for
this position has not been equal to the
demand. ...-,. • -
Surgeons and Inspectors Wanted.
Albert A. Lane, formerly member of
the Brotherhood of Painters, Decora
tors andPaperhangers, was suffocated
In his bed in the Grand Southern Hotel,
1067 Mission street, last Tuesday night
by illuminating gas. The body was
found at 2:30 o'clock yesterday after
noon by a chambermaid, who unlocked
the door with a passkey for the-pur
pose .of cleaning the room. . The latch
of the door was lying on the floor In
the room, evidently having been pulled
off by Lane, and the key of the gas
burner was open. •
Papers In possession of the dead man
show that he came from Ogden to Los
Angeles about the middle of December
of last year as a member or, attache
of the Olympic Opera Company. Short
ly after his arrival he deposited $255
in the Farmers' and Merchants' Na
tional Bank of Los Angeles. On Feb
ruary 25 he had drawn it all out on
checks payable to self. He had worked
a short time for Collier's Weekly, so
liciting subscriptions.
He had been In the Grand Southern
about two weeks, during the whole of
which time he had been playing the
races and drinking heavily.
ILLUMINATING GAS ENDS
LIFE OF ALBERT A. LANE
;"i'l their worst fears were realized
fhortly before 11 o'clock yesterday
away. Her remains were removed to
bo undertaking establishment and will
hf- .-hipped to the East. Her untimely
depth was due to acute Bright's dis-
A bridal tour ended sadly yesterday
at the Palace Hotel, when death sud
denly summoned Mrs. Cariie Wynkoop.
¦wife of Dr. David Wynkoop <jf New
York. The deceased was the daughter
cf the late Allen Schenck, a wealthy
resident of New York City, and was
married in that city five months ago to
Dr. Wynkoop, who is the son of one of
the leading surgeons of the Empir<*
State. Shortly after the marriage cere
mony the young bride was taken in
and the wedding tour was deferred
until several weeks ago, when a trip
to Southern California was undertaken.
After two weeks' stay in the south
Dr. Wynkoop and his bride started for
this city, arriving here Monday after
nocn. Later in the day Mrs. Wynkoop
was taken sick and her condition be
f-fijninjT alarming early yesterday morn
inii her husband summoned Dr. Buck
nall. It was apparent to the anxious
husband and the consulting physician
that Mrs. Wynkoop'p life was ebbing
Mrs. Wynkoop, Wife of a Prominent
Younj Physician of New York,
Dies Suddenly at Palace.
WEDDING TOUR ENDS
IN DEATH OF BREDE
The Ladies' Aid Society of Simpson
Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church
will continue its rummage sale for an
other week at 526 Fourth street. ..
In the evening Mr. Hlnes, Dr.' Sie
berst, William Altmann and Mrs. A: S.
Langstroth will contribute to. an al
ready, clever programme. . ¦
That the afternoon and evening will
turn many dollars into the coffers of
the Animals 1 Home is eminently a safe
guess, because the repetition of the
clever affair was given only after dem
onstrative requests. Remember — this
afternoon and evening. ,
This- afternoon and .to-night the In
dian tea and tableaux at Mrs. George
Law . Smith's residence, 2226 Jackson
street, will lead the philanthropic
events of the week's end and the
Animals' Refuge will thereby be the
gainer.
Such an aggregation of "Laughing
Waters" and hungry Hiawathas have
never before ventured into the palisade
of the palface, 'and only now because
the red man's dearest friend, th« dog,
is the motif of the powwow.
In the afternoon Herschel Mayall will
read selections from Eugene Field, Mrs.
Loosely will croon some sighing Sioux
lullabys and the maids of the Alaskan,
Navajo, Porno and Klickitat tribes will
execute the step picked up on the leafy
floors of the "forest in days of their
babyhood. And the braves — Rain-in
the-Face, Broken Arm, Red Cloud and
the rest of the famous prairie princes
will be on hand to explain the mysti
cism of the baskets and blankets of
their peoples, while the corn song will
be crooned to the dub-dub of the abo
riginal drum, from which the small
white savage gleaned the idea of his
drum.
By Sally Sharp.
William McKown and William Glo
vannonl are boss teamsters and for some
time there has been a feeling of jeal
ous rivalry between them. Yesterday
morning shortly before 9 o'clock they
met In front of McDonough & Runyon's
commission house -at 416 Davis street
and Glovannoni fired at shot at Mc-
Kown, the bullet missing him. Glo
vannoni drove to Main street wharf,
where he was arrested on a charge of
assault to murder. He was released on
$500 cash bail accepted by Police Judge
Conlan.
Giovannonl used \ to work for Mc-
Kown, but left him about a year ago
and went to Alaska. After his return
he alleges that McKown insulted and
threatened him and when he entered
into partnership with Milton Gale in
the teaming business McKown abused
him every time he met him. Yesterday
morning Giovannonl alleges that Mc-
Kown wanted to fight, and being afraid
that McKown; who is much the taller
and bigger of the two, would do him.
serious injury, he pulled a revolver out
of h!s pocket to scare him. McKown
seized a shovel and Giovannoni fired
the shot, not intending to hit him. Gio
vannoni is 22 years of age and his
father has a produce store at Sansome
and Washington streets.
Willinm Giovannonl Fires "Bullet .at
William McKown and Is Arrested
for Assault to Murder.
Forty-five estates, ranging in value
from $27 to $928, which passed
through the hands of Former Public
Administrator John A. Drlnkhouse,
and which should have escheated to
the State because no heirs were found,
were the subject of an inquiry, in
Judge Coffey's Court yesterday. They
came up on an attempt of the attor
neys for Drlnkhouse to obtain a fee
for services they claimed they had
rendered In searching for heirs. Judge
Coffey took no pains to hide the fact
that he did not like the proceedings
and desired a further investigation. In
accordance with his expressed views
he set the matter for hearing on
April 6. •¦'? /•
The total value of the estates .is
$3245. According to an oft-expressed
opinion of the judiciary, estates of
this kind, for which no heirs have
been found, should escheat to the State
after a certain period. "The Public
Administrator," said Coffey, "is not in
the business of searphing for heirs,
and therefore his attorneys should
not be allowed any extra fees .for
making. a search." A representative of
the Attorney General of the State was
present during the proceedings, for
upon the office of his- cliief devolves
the duty of securing for the coffers of
the State the stray pennies and nickels
and dimes left b>' those who die leav
ing no one who has a rightful claim
upon their estates.
ties That Should Have Escheated
' to the People.
• x
Judge Coffey. Takes Action on Proper-
INDIAN TEA
TO BE GIVEN
DAY AND NIGHT
FEE QUESTION CAUSES
INQUIRY INTO ESTATES
SHOOTING AFFRAY OCCURS
BETWEEN BOSS TEAMSTERS
Teddy Webb, In the character of Mr.
Pickwick last night in the musical
comedy of that name, now on the
boards at the Tlvoll, for It was "Islam
Night" and Islamisms were in order.
The members of Islam Temple,
Ancient Arabic Order Nobles of the
Mystic Shrine, accompanied by their
relatives and friends, filled the pretty
playhouse from dome to pit, and it will
long be regarded as one of the gala
nights in the history of the theater.
The duty of providing suitable
monthly entertainment for the Shriners
after their pilgrimages across the
"burning sands" devolves upon a com
mittee composed of Illustrious Poten
tate Filmer and Noblesr-Theo. Kohn,
A. E. Buckingham and Dr. F. L. Hill,
and their action in securing the Tivoli
for one night was a happy thought.;
All of the men and a large number of
the ladies wore their fezes. Over the
main entrance of the theater, vari
colored incandescents outlined the word
"Islam" and the insigna of the order.
Every lady was presented with a
carton' in red with a black silk tassel,
representing a miniature, fez and
filled with bonbons. During the inter
mission there was punch for the fair
sex and the nobles made pilgrimages
to the "oasis" in the basement, where
the "zem zem" gushed forth. \
The incomparable chorus girls wore
the headgear emblematic of the order
and Ferris Hartman, in * addition to
sporting a fez himself, presented
Musical Director Stelndorff one of
Potentate Filmer's best 'across the foot
lights. The surprise and event of the
evening was the first appearance of
Hiram Hutchings of the- Arabic Patrol
and San Francisco Police. Department
on any stage. True, he only filled a
thinking -part, j»et in white fleshings
and red hussar coat and hat he pre
sented a. striking figure.
i At the conclusion of the performance
a flashlight photograph was taken of
the assemblage. V.';.'
"Gentlemen of the Islam Club," said
I«lam Night Is a Great Snccess, and
Hiram Hutchings Makes First
Appearance on Any Stage.
MYSTIC SHRINERS HOLD
FORTH AT THE TIVOLJ
It was announced by the represent
atives of the freight department of the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday
that the long pending differences be
tween the transcontinental roads and
the Southeastern Traffic Association
are nearlng a settlement and that in
the near future shippers from both
West and East will be furnished a
printed tariff of rates between the
points within the territory of dispute
and this coast. The trouble with the
Southeastern railroads and the trans
continental lines grew out of the de
mand of the former for a greater ap
portionment of* the through rate,
which was denied them. Then the
Southeastern roads refused to co-op
erate with the transcontinental lines
and for months the relations have
been such as to cause no end of'an
noyance and uneasiness to shippers.
The fact that an agreement has final
ly been reached will be pleasing news
to the dried and canned fruit men of
California and the furniture manufac
turers of the East. It was stated yes
terday that while there will be no ma
terial change in the new East and
West bound tariff sheets that are soon
to be Issued, a supplemental tariff, of
a reciprocal character, will follow,
covering all the territory of the South
east and the Southwest. The South
eastern territory will, under the agree
ment, be divided into eight terminal
groups, and while the rates under this
tariff will not be as low as on the
regular transcontinental tariff, they
wiil be much lower than at present.
It is also purposed to make them per
manent, so that the shipper may care
fully reckon just •> how he stands in
matters of trade in the Southeastern
territory. . I
Long Pending Differences With the
Transcontinental Companies Will
Soon Be Settled.
SOUTHEASTERN* ROADS
ARE CO3IIXG INTO UXE
PORTLAND. Or.. March 23.— "There
is no connection between the Oregon
Short Line and the San Pedro, Los An
geles and Salt Lake Railroad," said
J. Ross Clark, vice president of that
company, when told the purport of the
Fait Lake City dispatch asserting that
the new short line to Los Angeles
would be united with the Short Line
and operated as an integral part of
that system.
"That is a mistake," he continued,
"and I know no reason why such a
rf port should be originated. There has
been no change in the well known atti
tude of the company on the question
of maintaining its Independence of oth
er railway systems. As soon as it is
completed the road will have plenty
of traffic, being a line to the
Pacific Southwest, with one of the fin
est harbors In the world at its Western
terminus and leading from the Pacific
gateway to the interior."
Tier President Oregon Short line Says
His Road Is Independent.
CLARK DENIES RUMOR.
PERSONAL.
O. J. Salisbury, a capitalist of Salt
Lake, and his wife and daughter are
registered at the Occidental.
Brigadier General J. Thompson. U.
S. A., who has been visiting friends
in the south, returned yesterday and
Is at the Occidental.
Dr. L. Wood and family of Portland
are at the Occidental.
R. B. McCoy, a prominent resident
of Clinton, Iowa, is at the St. Fran
cls.
Manager Rank of the North Shore
road left hurriedly yesterday for Ogr
den in response to a message convey
ing to him the sad news of his
mother's death.
E. H. Cox. a banker of Madera, is
at the Palace.
Clarence K. McCormick. a capitalist
of Salt Lake, is at the Palace.
Max Popper will leave to-day for a
trip to Europe, via Los Angeles, New
Orleans and New York.
Hervey Lindley, president of the
Klamath Lake Railroad, and Dr. R.
J. Hill, who have been in the East,
returned yesterday and are registered
at the Palace.
E. W. Brooks, _ a wealthy lumber
man of Chicago, is at the Palace.
Arthur Dixon, who is at the head of
a big transfer company in Chicago, is
at the Palace.
William Thorsen of Wisconsin, who
recently purchased the West Side
Lumber Company's plant, is at the
Palace.
-^ Louis F. Breuner, the well known
Sacramento merchant, and his wifa
are registered at the Palace.
J. S. Fassett, a prominent lumberman
of Buffalo, and wife are at the St.
Francis.
S. G. Adams, a woolen goods manu
facturer of Boston, and wife are among
the latest arrivals at the St. Francis.
John M. Gardner, who is connected
with the management of the electric
railways of Santa Cruz, Is at the Grand.
Dr. R. E. Osborne of Santa Clara -Is
staying at the Grand.
E. N. Briggs, a lumberman of Sagi
naw. Mich., is at the St. Francis.
Douglass S. Cone of Red Bluff is at
the Palace. ?; .:.
The weather was fine and a big
crowd from the post and town watched
the proceedings with marked interest.
A similar drill will be given next
Wednesday at 8:30 a. m.
tacks and exercises were of a highly
thrilling nature. Blank cartridges by
thousands were used and added to the
realism of the scene. Following the
battle, the hospital drill was gone
through with, at the close of which
the wounded were removed from the
field in ambulances.
The problem as mapped out was car-
ried to a successful issue. The troop-
ers entered Into the drill work with
tremendous vigor and enthusiasm.
It was a suppo^d landing from sea
and attack upon a foreign force by
troop, for this occasion under command
of Captain John B. Chriatian, started
out from the Junction of avenues A and
B and wound its way up through the
woods adjacent to the .golf links,
where, after dismounting, the men sta-
The problem exercise of the third
squadron of the Ninth Cavalry, proved
an emphatic success at the Presidio
yesterday morning. Major Bigelow
"¦•¦„. . . . . „ .„
could not take charge of the .drill, as
he was in attendance at the court-
martial proceedings, so the duties of
the day devolved upon Captain Leister
W. Cornish. -
| Uncle Sam's troopers. The foreign
| force was supposed to be hidden in the
tall* timbers of the dense grove on the
bluff f th&* overhang the western ex
tremity of the Presidio,
Ear,y , n tfce mornins troopg r> K and
M made a roundabout detour of the
post, and stationed themselves on the
beach below the water works. \ In the
meantime troop L, known as the brown
tloned themselves In the roadway be
hing a clump of trees. Presently Uncle
Sam's troopers from the beach dashed
up the steep incline, and came to a
halt under the brow of the bluff, being
hidden from view by a clump of dense
foliage. From this point scouts were
Eent out, and the enemy located. The
attacking troopers, in command of
Captain Toung, then dismounted, and,
leading their horses, climbed up the
hill and commenced firing upon ' the
enemy, who were taken by surprise at
the suddenness and quickness of ac
tion and were put to rout. Captain
Young, then- gave the command . to
CAPTAIN CHARLES YOUNG GIVING COMMAND TO HIS TROOPERS OF COM
PANY I TO CHARGE THE RETREATING ENEMY AND SOLDIERS IN ACT
OF FIRING AT FOE SUPPOSED TO BE IN AMBUSH.
charge the retreating enemy, with the
result that one half of troop L» was
completely annihilated, while Lieuten
ant John H. "' Howard, s.who ( /was in
charge of the other half of 1 troop L,
was taken prisoner by Lieutenant E.
H. Rubottom, in command of troop K.
Uncle Sam's troopers were completely
victorious, while the brown troopers
were practically wiped off the face of
the earth.
•The grounds were admirably adapted
to the maneuvers, and the different at-
Colored Soldiers Defeat Foe After Fierce Attack and
Old Glory Floats on Captured Breastworks.
According to the Herald the Juris
diction of E. E. Calvin as head of the
Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany is to be considerably greater than
that of his predecessor, A. L. Mohler.
AH of the Southern Pacific system in
Oregon, north of Ashland, Is to be un
der his control. This means an addi
tion of 341 miles. The line between
Ashland and Portland is owned by the
Oregon and California Company, but is
leased by the Southern Pacific.
The various pystems comprised in the
Harriman lines will retain their pres
ent identity as regards the mainte
nance dt roads, etc.. but In the actual
operating and traiSc scheme great
.changes will be made. Thus the ope
rating of trains on the Union and
Fouthem Pacific railroads from Reno,
Nev., to Greenriver, Utah, Including
the new Lucin cutoff, will come under
the operating department of the Ore
pon Short Line. This placing of this
preat stretch of road under Bancroft's
jurisdiction will, it is expected, result
in a great saving of time and expense.
In connection with this change, the
Dcsoret News states that Senator W.
A. Clark's road, the San Pedro, for
merly a part of the Oregon Short Line
and now being extended to Southern
California, will possibly within two
months be included in the new Short
Line system and the work of extend
ing the road to Daggett, Cal., be rushed
with all possible dispatch.
SALT LAKE CITY, March 23.— The
Descret News to-day asserted that cm
a date in the near future, probably
April L great changes. Involving prac
tically the whole of the Harriman sys
tem. S3 far as the general operating
•cheme of the system is concerned, will
go Into effect. The. following changes,
it Is stated, have been decided upon:
President A. I* Mohler or the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company,
now at Portland, Ore., -will go to
Omaha as vice-president of the Union
Pacific.
Assistant General Manager E. E.
Calvin of the Oregon Short Line, now
at Salt Lake, will go to Portland as
rice president of the Oregon Railroad
and Navigation Company.
General Manager W. H. Bancroft of
the Union Pacific and Oregon Short
Lire will remain at Salt Lake In charge
cf the enlarged Short Line system.
John P. Killilea, a carpenter resid
ing at 305 Devisadero street, was ar
rested last night and charged with
grand larceny. A. A. Martin, a spe
cial officer for the telephone company,
and Policeman R. R. O'Brien took
Killilea into custody.
Killilea was arrested at his home
as he was eating supper. The
cause for his taking is the alleged
theft late yesterday afternoon of a
load of lumber belonging to the city.
Killilea was employed by the Elec
tion Commissioners in the razing of
voting booths. Yesterday afternoon
he was to have removed a load of
lumber from demolished booths from
the corner of Scott and Haight streets.
Instead of taking it to the corporation
yard Killilea, it is claimed, removed
the lumber, which was valued at $100.
to his own home.
Martin has su?pected Killilea for
some time of robbing telephone boxes.
For this reason he has been shadow
ing Killilea. Martin alleges he saw
Killilea haul the lumber to 305 Devis
adero street. Martin claims to have
proof of telephone burglaries commit
ted by Killilea.
Humored More Is the Result
• of an Attempt to Reduce
Time and to Save Expense
It Is Also Alleged That He
Has Been Taking the Con
tents of Telephone Boxes
3IOHLEK GOES TO OMAHA
TAKEN INTO CUSTODY
Utah Paper Announces Pro
posed Changes Among Of
iicials of jlarrimaii System
John Killilea Accused of
Having Hauled Municipal
Lumber to His Residence
RAILROAD MEN
TO BE SHIFTED
CHARGED WITH
ROBBING CITY
TROOPERS OF NINTH CAVALRY THEORETICALLY LAND ON
FOREIGN SHORE AND SUCCEED IN ANNIHILATING ENEMY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 21, 1904.
5
DR. PIEBCE'S BEMEDIE3.
I" j It looks as 1-K^I
fjy if a man'a I n/^
I back is the WEflB>
I to lift or haul a lggJM&\
I heavy weight.
1 But the center l§HkJvw^£
I of strength is TfflS^W^
1 not the back, TMBttf
H but the stom-
I ach. There's no strenjrtli fa
1 the back of a giant u lie's
I starring. All strength is made
u from food, and food can only
I be converted into .strength
1 ¦when it is perfectly digested
I and assimilated. When ths
I stomach is diseased, the xnxtri-
I tion of food is lost and phys-
I ical -weakness follows.
¦ Dt. Pierce's Golden Medical
I Discovery cures diseases of the
I stomach and other organs of
I digestion and nutrition. It
I makes men strong and mns-
1 cnlar, by enabling the perfect
1 digestion and- assimilation
a of the food eaten.
•! goffered from a very oftstl-
1i oate case of dyspepsia.*
*\ writes K. H. Oeccird. Esq.. of
Yr 13 Eastern Av., Toronto, On-
• y\ tark). *I tried a mxciber
/F*x±S *n «f remedies withent socce*».
§&iri/\\ I ""-a* »o far }»oo<r tbet I coald
V&y J j\ »ot bear any solid food on
f¥%g/ > --^ <^\ | mvstcrcach; tilt melancholy
Ff J * nd depre*** 1 - Conld aot
( A^ sleep nor work. A fnecd
J iym^ff I r-comnaecded your 'CoMea
I f/ 1 I Medical Discoverr.' *
j 7 11 tal:;n three bctiles and it
II II 1 ha» •ceomplished a penn*-
fcJjS5jC I ncnt cure."
?|£f|3>i The Medical Adviser, .
§3fj§3«§£2 in paper covers, is sent
on receipt of 21 one-
j/|g3?a cent stamps to pay
igf&EJay) expense of mail-
Jgja&r WaT-x- ia S on 'y- Address
J§ET Js9 J Df. R. V. Pierct.
||j^ t^gil W BnSalo. X. Y.OAKLAND. March 23. — Clara E.
Brady has sued Harry L. Brady for
divorce, alleging cruelty.
Wife Charges Cruelty.
Labor Union Xotes.
OAKLAND, March 23. — The trouble
between the local carpenters* unions
and the millmen over the expelling
of four men by Carpenters' Union Xo.
S50 several months ago was settled
last .night by the Building Trades
Council, the union agreeing to rein
state the expelled men.
C W. McBride has been elected
treasurer of the Cooks' and Waiters'
L'nion to fill the vacancy ' caused by
the resignation of Treasurer John Gril-
Urh. .
OAKLAND, March 23. — Walter
Handel Thorley, the organist of the
First Methodist Church, -has arranged
to give three Thursday evening recitals
at the church, the first of which will
take place on March 24. '- •
ALAMEDA, March 23.— Claude Assa
lene, 24 years old, residing at 644 Tay
lor avenue, was dragged from a street
car this evening by a passing express
"wagon and received serious Injuries.
Thorley Organ Recital.
OAKLAND. March 23.— The School
Board election will be held In twenty
one polling places In the school dis
trict Saturday, April 23, the
amount of the bonds to be mo 000
The call -for the election 'wai
issued by the School Directors this
evening, the favorable vote being
unanimous and all the Directors pres
ent. . The board ordered that the pub
lic schools remain closed on next
Thursday and Friday on account of
the Teachers' Institute and the mid
term vacation.
Education Board Issues Call.
Mrs. William Lynh&m Shiels is giving a
series of luncheons, the first taking place to
day at her home on Jackson ¦ street. The
l-uetM% of honor were Miss Gertrude Munson
of Tacoma and Miss Johanna Bendel, whose
engagement was recently announced.
The other cuests were Miss Evelyn Bendel,
Mrs. Thomas H. Williams of San Francisco,
Miss Ella Sterett. .Miss Nina Dyer of Alva
rado. Miss Muriel Steele. Miss Alice Poorman
of San Francisco. Miss Taylor of San Fran
cisco. Mies Nan Townley, Miss Grace Sanborn.
Miss Laura Sanborn. Mrs. William Watt aqd
Miss Laura Farnsworth of San Francisco.
"' \ "f • • • • - :
Pijrmouth-avenue Congregational Cburch vu
OAKLAND. March 23.— Mrs. J. H. Math
ews entertained a party of friends at dinner
last Sunday efternoon In honor of her niece.
Mits Inez Boyne of San Francisco. Later the
entire party went to the Chamberlain ' home on
San Pablo avenue, where they were the guests
of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Bull at an elaborate
supper. A number, of musical people were in
the party and added much to the general en
joyment with selections on the piano, violin
and organ. , : '
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND, March 23. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: James E.
Bourn, 26, and Philena G. Parrott, 21,
both of Oakland; . Adolph Markowitz,
over 21, and Ida C. Berggren, over 18,
both of Alameda; Maxie M. Sanchez,
23, Stockton, and Anna V. Butts, 19,
Auburn.
Marriage Licenses.
on "L4fe in India" before the Oakland rinh
Ug ffitSr- MrS - W - S - *««^21r2S
The luncheon given by Mrs F. C. Havens
yesterday complimentary to Miss Burdge was
one of the season's most elaborate affairs.
The decorations of pink and white were un
usually attractive, pink tulle and almond blos
soms blending, in an exquisitely dainty effect.
The favors were small .gold hearts engraved
with the Bnrdge-MUler monogram. An-or
chestra discoursed pleasing selections during
the luncheon and later a palmist read the lines
of fate in the hand of each guest. ' .
The .guests were: Mrs. F. Marion Smith,
Miss Burdge. Miss Winifred Burdge.~ Miss Mar
lon Smith, : Miss Evelyn 'Ellis.;- Miss 'Grace
Bperry. Miss Pauline Fore. Miss lone Fore,
Mrs. Wlckham Havens. Miss Edith Gaskill,
Mifis Lucretia Burnham. Miss May Coogan,
the scene of a pretty weddins to-day,-' when
Mrs. Jennie A. Renshaw became the bride of
James R. Dlckaon. The Rev. Charles W.
He az officiated. The bride was attended by
Mrs. B. Gammon and Mrs. Belle Redell and
by Misses Ruth and Adah Ranshaw, who acted
an flower girls. John Ronald was ! best man.
The bride's sown was of eray crepe de chine
over taffeta, the bodice being finished with a
bertha of point lace. •.¦,;?' :
' Mr. and Mrs. Dlckson will reside In Oak
land after a month's sojourn In the . north,
whither they have gone to spend their honey
moon. -»
Dr. Marlon Sterling gave an interesting talk
Mrs. Frank C. Brigham ' entertained this
afternoon in honor of Miss Edna Putnam- of
Humboldt. . Among those present were: Miss
Irene Bangs.' MIfs Marlon Walsh. Miss Cor
nelia Stratum Miss Claris**? Lohse. Miss Bes
sie Havens. -Miss Ann McKlrath. Miss Evelyn
Adams. Miss Patty Chickerlng. Miss Isabelle
Kendall Miss Letltla Barry. Miss Muriel Kel
ley. MIfs Jessie Craig,, Miss Noel de Golia.
Miss Lillian Reed. Miss Isabelle . Brewer of
San Francisco. Miss Margaret Vesper. Miss
Margery Coogan. Miss Louise Hall. Miss Olga
Atherton of San Francisco. Miss Bessie Cog
hill. Miss Mary Hyde. Miss Bessie Tlllman.
Miss Ruth' Houghton, Miss ' Katherlne Brown,
MLss Edith Beck and Miss . Marlon Brewer of
San Francisco. "- ¦' : '
The reception and musical* at the King's
Daughters' Home for Incurables to-day was
a pleasant affair and well attended, the pret
tily decorated rooms being crowded with guests
all afternoon. Mrs. M. Brown, the circle's
energetic president, waa assisted In entertain
ing the guests by Mrs. Craft. Mrs. Corson.
Mrs. Spartgler. Mrs. Hills, Mrs. Clay. Mrs.
Chapman. Mrs. Williams and other ladles of
the organization.
Miss ¦ Florence White. Miss THelen Chase and
Miss Florence Nightingale.
OAKLAND. ' March 23.— The rain
fall for the twenty-four hours ending
at 1 p. m. to-day was .68 of an inch,
making a total for the season of 26.7-f
inches, as compared with 20.81 inches
at the same date last year.
Rainfall in Oakland.
A committee was appointed to con
fer with the bond committees of the
Oakland Real Ertate Association and
the Board of Trade on Monday even-
Ing. March 2S. The emembers of the
committee are: The Rev. M. B. Fisher,
George Roetli, \V. H. Way, Mr. Fer
guson and Mr. Thompson.
OAKLAND, March 23. — Permanent
organization was effected last night by
the Piedmont District Improvement
Club, which met at Oak Chapel in
Piedmont and elected the following
officers: President, M. M. Barnett;
vice president. Charles Roeth; secre
tary. A. R. Tait; treasurer, George W.
Keller; doorkeeper, J. Riatrom; board
of directors — W*. P. Ferguson. Charles
Roeth. E. S. Thompson, P. J. Keller
D. T. McArthur.
Residents of That District Indorse
the Bond Issue and Outline
Campaign.
PIEDMONT IMPI1OVKMEXT
CLUB ELECTS OFFICERS
Another cogent reason for opening the priv
ileges of higher education to all classes In this
country is found In our distribution of political
The most democratic atmosphere In the world
is that of the college. There all meet on abso
lutely equal terms. Nowhere else Ao the acci
dents of birth or condition count for so little.
The son of the millionaire has no advantage
over the son of the washerwoman or over the
liberated bUv« who has hardly clothes enough
to cover his nakedness. Nowhere In the world
Is a man so truly weighed and estimated by
his brains and h!s character. God forbid that
the day should ever come when the spirit of
snobbishness or aristocracy or pride of wealth
should rule in our college halls.
.Talk cbout oppressing the poor by sustain
ing the university! It is the sons and daugh
ters of the men who are poor or of very mod
erate means who form the sreat majority of
the students here and In almost every Institu
tion of higher learning. I could move your
hearts to pity or to admiration if I could call
one after another of many whom I see before
me on this occasion to come up here and tell
what tolls they have performed for long and
Weary years, what hardships and privations
they and their parents have endured to gather
up the few hundreds of dollars needed to main
tain them with the closest and most plnchlns
economy during their few years of residence
here. I hope that those who practice high
thinking and plain living will always be in the
majority on these grounds. Sad, Indeed will
it be for the university and sad for tha State
when such, as they cannot by manly effort
secure to themselves the best help which the
resources of this school can offer to them.
Anything more hateful, more repugnant to
our natural Instincts, more calamitous at once
to learning and to the people, more unrepub
lican. more undemocratic, more unchristian
than a system which should confine the price
less boon of higher education to the rich I
c*nnot conceive. . •
COLIjEGK DEMOCRACY.
Yr:t there are men who. professing to speak
in the interests of the pocr, of true learning
end of sound philosophy. Inveigh against a
system which opens . the doors of all learning
to the humblest a» well as to the richest child
and insist that we shall make every one pay
to the full the cost of his high school and uni
versity education. Do they net see that this
would be a matter of little consequence to the
rich, who could easily secure their training at
any expense, but that It would consign the poor
children, however endowed with talent, to the
humblest acquisitions of learning or to the
most trying struggle to attain to true culture?
It is in the interest of the poor, it is in the in
terest of true and enlightened democracy that
we insist that the highest education shall be
accessible to all classes.
no permanent prosperity for such a society.
Learning, too, would probably soon give
place to redantry. displayed like the ribbons
and orders of a petty German court. The
scholarship which !s a mere cjnecmitant and
badge of wealth would become vain and mere
tricious and shallow.
We need to make the higher education ac
cessible to the poor, not merely on account cf
the. poor and gifted scholars themselves, but
also because this Is best for society. We need
all the intelligence, all the trained minds we
can have. There is never a surplus of wisdom
and true learning. There Is often a surplus
of peelantrj .
We need to put the higher education within
the reach of the poor because we cannot af
ford to endow the rich alone with the tremen
dous power of trained and cultivated minds.
To do this might form an aristocracy of for
midable strength. So long as the poor have
anything like equal chance with the rich of
developing their Intellectual power we % have
little to fear from an aristocracy of wealth;
but let wealth alone have the hlgheat Intellect
ual training, let the poor as a class be shut
out from the schools of generous culture, and
we must either consign the control of all in
tellectual and political life to the hands of the
rich or olst have a constant scene of turbu
lence between the. ignorant many and the en
lightened few. Bitter class hatred would be
inevitable. There can be no etable equilibrium.
It is in itse'f fiulnz and in a certain f»nsc
it fa due to children as human beings that
the poorest child should have proper facilities
for obtaining by reasonable effort the b?3t
develorn-.ent of his talent and character. I
think 1 may apoeal to the common jenae :md
thf ter.eral feeling of civilized men '.n recog
nition of this truth. One of the highest -'id-J
of society is to help men 'make the most of
themselves. True, as I shall soon show, 'his
is partly because it is for the interest of all,
of society at large. But beyend that we in
utinctlvely recognize it as a duty to do wr.at
we can. both Individually and through the c r
ganlzcd action of society, to open to overy
child— and for the .child's own sake— =a lair
chance for the- best start in life for. which
his talent fits him. I know that we often
Justify our Drovldine a free common school
education simply by showing the necessity of
BUch an education as a preparation for citizen
ship. Rut I bvlieve that down In our heart"
there is a profound satisfaction, and often an
impelling motive to our action. In the con
viction thet we are doing Mmply what Is Just,
what Is du* to every child a* a human beins,
in giving him an opportunity to kindle into
a flam* nny divine spark of Intelligence within
him. Is It loo much to say that the infant
bcin Into a civilized and Christian society lias
u rle'-t to claim something more than a bare
possibility — has a right to claim a tolerable
probability of cuch moral and Intellectual sur
roundings as shall make education and char
acter accessible to him. If he has a f.ur
amount of talent, self-denial and energy? For
the moment I am not considering whether his
claim should be met by lesislatlon or by vol
untary ' action. But that it should be met by
society In some way I think will be generally
conceded.
*< h^ol education be accessible to the pocr tu
well as to the rich, j
OPPORTUNITY DUE CHILDREN.
College Chief Says Cost of Higher
Education Is Growing.
PRESIDENT OF THE UXIVERSITT OF MICHIGAN. AND OTHER DISTIN
GUISHED PROFESSORS WHO WERE PROMINENTLY IDENTIFIED YES
TKHDAY WITH CHARTER DAY EXERCISES HELD IN HARMON GYMNA
SIUM AT UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
37.CC3. S 101. S«. lot 3 and E half of lot U,
block A. rr.ap of part of Fitch Tract. Alamoda
*10.
ScoU S. PigR^tt (or Pigott> to Adah A. K»l
lenberger. lot on S line of Cha«e street. If ex
tended W from Pine. l."W> E of Pine E 37 :« by
S 136:3. block «5S<*. Boardman's Map. Oakland;
quitclaim deed; $721.
-August WoIIitz to L*o Gilbert, lot on SK
corner of Russell and Deakln streets 9 51.60
by E 135. lot 0, block C. Suburban Tract.
Berkeley; $10
Gertrude Dwyer («inRle> to W. g. Simmons,
lot on X line of Handy stnwt. 2S.7 W from Ha
Intersection with w lino of Lotin Villa Tract
W 35.24. NW 121.16. NE 35.24. SE 121.18 bo
ing W 33.24 of lot 10. map in partition of land*
of Ann Dwyer. deceased, etc.. Berkeley; $10.
Laura AJ and Charles D. Haven (husband)
to Rosa lUiffo (widow), lot on E line of Chest
nut street, aio S of Tenth. S SO by E 99 block
545. Oakland: $10.
Jchn ar.d Mary Foley (wife) to Anna Brut
schy (wlt'e of Lcuis). let on N line of Twenty
seventh cr Park street, lift W of Grov» W 25
by N 10O. lot SH. block 2024. map Xo. 2, Wltch«r
Tract. Oakland; $10.
J. II. T. and Henrietta Watklnson to May
L. Deming (wife of H. B.>. lot on W line rf
Cherry street l.*»O X of Forty-eighth. X 3J by
TV 150. lot 47. block E. map Snyder ft Mont
gomery subdivision of portion of Teme?cal
Park. Oakland; $10.
Neal J. and Josephine MeKecn (wife) to
Alexander N. Wl'aon. lot on N Una of Forty
fifth street. 440 W of West. TV 5t> by N 100
lot 25. block 2108, Alden Tract at Temescal'
Oakland: $10.
Harry L. and Xydia W. Holcomb to Edgar R.'
Rayner (single), lot on X line of Thirty-sev
enth street. 5.S0 TV cf Telegraph avenue. TV 40
by X l.V*. lot S, map Roosevelt Terrace Oak
land; $12C0.
Wesley J. and little H. Baker t:> Oscar A.
Ellis, lot on S line of Twenty-eighth street.
172 :S E of San Pablo avenue. E 25 by S 100.
lot 11. block 2©er>. Map Xo. 2 Wh'.tcber Tract.
Oakland; $10.
Warley Bascom to Max TV Koeaig. lot on
W line of Peralta street 154 S of Sixteenth.-
S 25 by TV 110. lot 3. block 727 A. map of re
division of block 740 and portion of blocks
73». 727 and 72S. Oakland; $10.
Max W. Koeniz (single) to Anton and Tfce
resa B. Hass'.er. same. Oakland; $10.
Franfc^F. and Alma M. Porter to William
M. Hatfleld (slngle>. lot on W line of Lowell
street, C7.5 N of Tompklna. X 67.5 W 83 25
3 71.12. E 62.1J>. being X half of lot 15. block
27. map of Smith's Subdivision of part of
Matthews Tract. Berkeley; $10.
John and Ada M. Hlnkol to Frank O. Ren
strom. lot on E line of Harper street 111 15
S of Rtis»«11 street. S 37 by E 122. portion 'of,
lot 15. map of resubdivislon of block 10 Cen
tral Park Tract. Berkeley: $10.
TUESDAY". MARCH 22.
JInria H.. Charles F.. Elisabeth P. and Mol-
Ue E. Jarvn, N< va Jarvis L*ccto and William
P. Jarvis (by C. F. Jarvis. bl3 attorney) to
ileli-n E. Alunro (wife of A. J.). lot on S\V
rorri«T of Grove ,\ad Sycamore streets W 10<>
by s> 2U. portion of lot 16. block if. Kelsty
Tract. Oakland; *1<>.
Charlen H. an<i S^adie Weber to J&rces II.
Little, lot on S line of Thirt street. b«:-'*»n
Center unJ Cypress. »> by 1£S, being lot 7.
bl<K-k ¦«:.»>. maj> subdivision of block 430 nf
BfiardmaiTs nsap. Oakland: $10««.
J:tmes R. a-.'.J Margar- 1 A. LJttle to South
ern Pacifli" C'mpany, same; $','¦><.
¦Waiter P. Woclsey (single* tn same, lot 15.
block ¦».*!>. Kime map. Oakland; SUhk
Antnn ar-1 Thetysa B. Ilassler to Carl an1
Kmma C. Jensen, lot on W line of Campr*!!
.=treet. ST. S of West Thirt-er.th. S 25 by V.*
H5. lot 7^ block 1. plat of Tract 3.K}. Oakland;
Oeed made in manifestation of agreement be
tween same parties. 03 D. 27U: J10.
Julia H. anl John It. Faulkes to Frank U.
Ay res. W l<i fpet of lot ». block 2117. Alden
Tract at Temencal; $10.
Carrie E. and W. A. Rouse to James A. Moi^
?r.-in. lot on SW corner of Phattuck and Coi
lega aver.ue.s. W 0Ti.5»<>. 3 3f>.SR>. E 93.05. N 4<>.
let 1U. block 1. map Sea Vi?w Park; $10.
Harry H. and Virginia M. Webb (by Alfr»d
von d?r Kopp. their attorney) to Cbarlr*
Schock lot ::S>. block 6. Amended Map of Cen
tral Park. Alcatraz and Newbury streets.
Berkeley; $10.
LVnnls A. and Matilda Godfrey to Leah F.
Mott (single), lot on N line of Pacific avenue,
.17 :6 E cf Ber.ton street. K .17 :C. N 101.34. \V
RI-IAL, ESTATK TRANSACTION'S
Mamcda Count*
When we consider that the total cost of this
university to the treasury of the State from
Its foundation to this day hes been only a lit
tle more than $3.U00,0u0, which is less than
the cost of a first-class battleship; when we
remember that It has sent out over 5000 grad
uates, and that as many more have spent some
time under He roof, and. that these 10,000 men
and won<en are filling useful positions in all
honorable callings and enriching and strength
enlr; the life of the 8tate In innumerable
ways; when we remind ourselves that the
names and works of Its professors are honored
wherever In the world letters and arts and sci
ences and philosophy are honored; when we
recall the fact that by general consent of
scholars the university rank* with the first In
the land, and that It has made the name of
California known and respected not only
throuzh this ration, but beyond the seas, we
rr.ay well render our grateful tribute of praise
to the broad-minded and far-sighted men who
have bo wisely laid the foundations and begun
to rear the walls of this institution.
In all this vast audience, nay, within the
boundaries of this great* commonwealth, can
any cne be found to rise up and declare thi-.t
the builders of this unlverylty made a mlb
take in adopting so generous and comprehen
sive a policy for securing the best type of
liigher education tor the sons and daughters
of California? Still In this country, where
unlicensed freedom of speech sometimes leads
persons of eccentric temperament and of self
satisfied r>rlde of otrfnlon to rejoice In defend
ing paradoxes and in questioning the validity
of the fundamental principles of republican
government, it may not be altogether super
fluous or unprofitable for us on occasions like
this to consider the proposl:ion that I prot>i-,e
to d'»f»sf>. That proposition is this, tha*. i;
Ik <if v'tal tmtjortance In a republic like ours
that the higher education as well as common
While we in the East have beheld with won
der anil admiration the phenomenal develop
ment of your State, we have rejoiced to see
that the erowth of the' university has even
outstripped that of the State. It is to the
great credit of this young commonwealth that
while it has, like all new States, had to bear
the heavy burden of establishing all the insti
tutions, charitable, penal, reformatory and ed
ucational, which our humane civilization de
mands, .It has ever kept in the forefront the
needs of this university and has ministered
to its wants with so generous a hand. When
older and richer States were lagging In the
support of their universities, Calltornla set the
ptlmulatlng example of establishing the 1 cent
tax, and afterward raised this to the 2 cent
tax for the maintenance of this institution. We
in the Kast gratefully acknowledge the help
which this wine act afforded as i:i {securing aid
In the same manner, even If on a less gener
ous scale. It was refreshing to us to see your
Legislature rise to the Aristotelian view of the
function of the State to seek every high and
noble end which It can secure better than the
citizen. This Idea of rherlshinj the higher
education and bringing It within the reach of
every bey and jcirl in the commonwealth has
been Inconxirated Into the very fiber and life
of the State.
President Angell addressed himself to
"The Type of the State University,"
eaying in part:
"And this is a Brown day," said
President Wheeler in closing. "I have
my brother here from Brown, my own
dear old alma mater, and I wish to
present him to you. President Angell,
born of the old college, now president
of a great State university, the Nestor
of us all."
Responding to this glowing estimate
of himself and the applause from a
multitude of hands, President Angell
expressed his pleasure th'at'bn this fes
tal day he had been permitted to bring
the salutations of the University of
Michigan to the University of Califor
nia — the greetings of the elder institu
tion to that of the younger. Referring
to the eight Michigan alumni num
bered among the faculties of the Uni
versity (of California, he said It was
with Justifiable pride that he observed
the song of Michigan so honored and
sharing in the glory of the achieve
ments of California.
TYPES OF UNIVERSITIES.
more research Is being done in the
State universities than elsewhere."
in Introducing President Angell,
President Wheeler referred to the fine
spirit of sacrifice and devotion of the
older and smaller colleges of the coun
try'. They had ideals, he said, higher
than mere bread and butter. They
trained men to be, rather than to get.
Of such are Amherst and Brown and
Williams.
Some of the students raptured were
told to pack their trunks after being
epprehejided. This was understood to
mean that the Students' Affairs Com
mitue intends to expel them. Cory
himself said to-day thai at least eight
men would be dismissed, but since
th*n other statements have been made
that such harsh measures would not
be adopted. It all depends whether
the authorities construe the presence
of the students on- the streets to be a
violation of the-' spirit of the recent
manifesto forbiddirg rushing. As most
of the rtudents were in old clothes the
authorities are rather inclined to be
lieve that they would have rushed if
they could. That they did not rush
was no fault of theirs.
The patrol carried on this system of
espionage all night. Wherever a stu
dent was caught lie was closely ex
amined before being ordered home.
Cory ordered one student handcuffed,
then searched. He was released on
promising to go home.
"Don't run. boys: dc-a't be cowards."
But some would not be pacified. They
kept on running. Out of this crowd
the patrol captured four belligerents.
They were compelled to reveal their
identity under penalty of arrest, though
neither Cory nor police had authority
to arrest any one.
As the crowd passed up Bancroft
¦way the !ight flashed full upon it. thus
betraying it to Cory's minions. The
crowd was not aware of the efficiency
of the organization. It stood under a
lot of trees and sent out pickets. But
before the pickets could give "the lay"
Cory and his policemen were upon
them. Some ran, some did not. Corv
said:
Some time after midnight the sopho
mores screwed up courage enough to
go out into the night. They marched
toward the university grounds. There
they were advised to make a round
about circuit. This seemed to be good
advice as the searchlight had just be
gun to put its peering eyes every
where.
The Tvhoi<» thing was so effectually
handled that the students didn't get
even a ebsne* . to rush. They were
kept moving all eight long. The soph
omores and the freshmen, the tra
ditional enemies on Charter day eve,
taw nothing of <-ach other. The search
light ferreted them out of every cor
ner, exposed them, betrayed them.
• The sophomores made the only show
at organization. They assembled at
Ehattuck Hall early in the evening,
though there was never more than
forty of them ther^. but they were
ready for fight. Every one of them
wore sweaters and old clothes. There
»\as k lot of talk, but an apparent lack
cf action. The rumors that a dozen
uniform**! police from Oakland were
patrolling the campus had a demoral
izing effect upon the nerves.
Of the freshmen, there was not a
sign the whole night. Some said they
were at the Berkeley High School, but
it was as dark as Egypt all evening
down there. Others said the "fresh
ies" were fortifying themselves in Oak
land. Others told stories about seeing
them upon Charter Hill, planting the
ciass number. '07.
It r^quirpd ju*t this last solar plexus
blow to send the tottering form of the
anoient Charter day tradition to its
quietus-. It has been putting up a
game tight these last few years, des
perately clinging to the hope that the
tide might turn. But now the thing is
as dead a? Ram^sis III. Professor Cory
i« the man of the hour.
There was no rush on Charter day
eve at the University of California for
the first time since the tradition was
established. Professor C. L- Cory,
chairman of the Students' Affairs Com
mittee, and his imported policemen
from Oakland and elsewhere, aided by
an innovation in the way of a high
po«>r searchlight, succeeded in
FQuekhiris what threatened to be a
lush, in its inoipiency. The casualties
are eight students who may be de
prived of the pleasure of basking more
in the intellectual sunshine of the uni
versity.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call
2148 Center Street. March 23.
"The fact is that the cost of higher
fducation is going far beyond the fig
ures that were formerly talked about.
D. O. Mills said to me recently that the
extent to which the universities are
financed on eo little is remarkable. The
truth about it Is that higher education
means research and nothing else. It
is a quest for new truths. Science
keeps putting out its pickets. It wants
men to go beyond the picket line. I And
"It sounds large — $700,000," said Presi
dent Wheeler, "but it is not anywhere
near what a great State ought to pay
for this great uplifting force. Why,
enough money was saved in one recent
intervention by the agriculturists of
this university, working in the orchards
of Placer County, to more than support
the university for one year. Something
iike $5000 was lately spent to establish
a poultry station at Petaluma, and yet
in fifteen days that amount, and much
more, was saved the State by the stif
ling of an epidemic that threatened the
poultry interest of the State. -' : .
MONEY SAVED FOR PEOPLE.
The] gift erf $600,000 for. a new library
building. President Wheeler said,- will
give a substantial structure, but before
many generations the university • will
need a library worth $2,000,000. The sum
of $£50,000 will be available for the uni
versity this year, and of this amount
$150,000 constitutes a portion ¦ of the
State appropriation for California Hall,
the 'remaining $700,000 being for other
purposes.
As to the needs of the university.
President Wheeler said there is certain
ly need for more fellowship funds to
help students on for two w three
years uninterrupted study after gradu
ation. There is need for a new medical
school and a hospital, for. the proper
clinical study cannot be. obtained with
out them. There is need of a schcrol of
forestry, for the State deserves it, and
more people should be stimulated in the
study of forestry. A school of naval
architecture Is necessary, a new agri
cultural building, a geology building, a
new botany building and a hall of lan
guages. .
A deep silence fell over the throng
while the Rev. Edward Lambe Par
dons, rector of St. Mark's Episcopal
Churrh. delivered the invocation. This
was followed by an address by Presi
dent Wheeler and then the introduction
of President AngHl.
President Wheeler's address -was de
voted to a review of the benefactions
of the past to the university, the pres
ent financial footing and the plans for
the future. In the course of this re
view a lBTsr.f amount of ground was
covered. All the more substantial gifts
to the university were mentioned. Most
interesting was the announcement that
Mrs. Phoebe Hearst's benefactions to
the university have been between $800,
000 or $300,000, the exact figure. Presi
dent Wheeler confessed, he could* not
tell. The expenditures upon the ,uni
verr'ty since its birth have been some
thing like $3,000,000, a sum the speaker
considered very insignificant consider
ing the benefit to humanity in a spirit
ual and material way.
LIBERAL BENEFACTIONS.
Instead of the long line of dignitaries
in somber cap and gown, with gay fac
ing?, there was a hurried formation
this morning in the armory of the gym
nasium and a straggling mounting of
steps into **ie hall above. Professor
Frank Soule, president of the day. came
first, and then President Wheeler and
President James B. Angell of the Uni
versity of Michigan, the charter day
epeaker. the other faculties and guests
and students following on.
From the stage in the gymnasium the
distinguished people looked out upon
an immense audience. Floor and gal
lery and aisles were thronging with life.
The place was becomingly decorated
with blue and gold and now and again
a motto or emblem discovered itself
among the folds of bunting. The col
ors of the nation were distinguishable,
too, in places where they contrasted
with the more somber colorings.
BERKELEY, March 23.— Charter day
at the University of California was
robbed of one cf its most imposing
spectacles — the stately procession of
men of learning in academic regalia.
The picturesque and profound feature
that has baen the conspicuous thing
on other charter days was lost to this
one, and all because the clouds wept
upon the campus. President Wheeler
hoped against fate yesterday for a sun
that would be courageous enough to
shine, but at last despair came and
he sent forth the word that the exer
cises would be entirely within doors,
and so gloomy Harmon gymnasium,
not the ciassic Greek Theater, sheltered
the hosts that came to honor the uni
versity on Its birthday.
The alumni are planning to hold an
elaborate reception In San Francisco
on the evening before Charter day of
each year. It is proposed to have the
Charter day speaker address the alumni
at that gathering.
The scheme proposed by President
Wheeler to bring the alumni into a
close organization is one that was first
successfully inaugurated at Harvard.
The Plan is^to have a permanent secre
tary for each class, and these secre
taries are to form a body in themselves.
Among^ those who discussed this new
plan at to-day's meeting were Charles
Butters. Frank Otis. William H. Waste,
George Edwards, W. H. Van Orden and,
J. M. Goss.
President Wheeler Suggests Perma
nent Secretary for Each
Class.
BERKELEY, March 23.— The Alumni
Association of California held a meet
ing this afternoon in the Philosophy
building, at which new methods for in
creasing the utility of the alumni or
ganization were freely discussed. In
stead of making a formal address Pres
ident Wheeler talked the matter over
with the graduates who were present.
In answer to their questions he. point
ed out means whereby the aiumni may
help in the matter of university legis
lation.
The exercises closed with the singing
of "America" by the audience and the
pronouncing of the benediction by the
Rev. Mr. Parsons. The university or
chestra rendered three selections dur
ing the exercises.
President Angell was the guest of
honor at a luncheon given this after
noon by President and Mrs. Wheeler
at their home. A number of distin
guished visitors were present, among:
them members of the Board of .Regents.
: — o
HOPES TO INCREASE
UTILITY OP ALUMNI
Yet, with a!! the?e riches, poor Inrte»d had
been the State had not a brave and manly
and intelligent jv^op!" rhosen it as their home.
For earth and >ky ar.d witd and n'.ine had
all been her* :nr are*. But savages eouM r.<n
of these make a pros;»erous common wealth.
It is Intelllxtnea and charactrr alone which
can make a. erect ani thriving Stat». Acd
so the grave Question Wbtcb • pretsad its»lf on
the fathers stil! forces its«:r on you. Ho.v
shall you train your children to aak» th>?
most of these tor'picr.ous aJvantares, to build
a State which shall b<> truly Kr?at, to con
tribute their full rart to the hf>ncr and glory
of the nation, to Ifarl hsoT'y and useful live*,
to be -a blessing tfi mankind?
Uut whatever b« the method of endowment
of our great vhrnls, may th<* dny never ccm»
when they shall be inaccewlM* to the humblest
j-outh In Wnem Grd has lv<!ged the divine
spark of e?mti». or that mor3 common out
sometimes nf>t le's serviceable Rift of eyeful
talent. Let net a rnlsappllcatirn of th* laissez,
falre" Joctrinp in political ecrnomy. which has
Its proper place, lead us to the fatal mixtake
of building up a pedantic aristocracy. Go"»l
learning Is always cath-j^ic and rrenerous. It
welcomes the humb!" votary of science an-J
bids him kirniV his lamp fre*-:y at the com
mon shrine. It frowns on cast* ar.d bigotry.
It spurns th» artificial distinctions of conven
tional society. It greets all comers whose In
tellectual gifts entitle them to admission to
the goodly" fellowship of cultivated minds. It
is essentially democratic in the b*-?t sense of
that term. In Justice, thrn. It the tru» spirit
of learning, to the best Interests of society,
to the historic life of this State, hold wide
open the- gates of this unlverstty tr> all y->ur
son3 and daughters, rich or poor, whom Gcri
by gift.* of Intellect and hy kindly providences
has called to seek for a liberal education.
Regal Indec-U arc the Cifts of nature to
Calircrr.ia. A sfll murk bountifully rewards
the toll of th» ;rj.'bxni!man anU fills to cvor
flowing his cranxnes; a <:l!:natt? shj balmy tt*t
you h«vc a vcxltab'e paradise of "frujO nr.d
flw«» wh»re the breezes fall soft as t:-.e
gale-, of Kder o:» th» i*aeh. the straw. er:y
a::t! th • grape ar.J cnu the roiea into rtottWU
ana ptrpetual l>\..-tn: mines ri«h"r m wi»«l»n
than those of Gr.k-o.-vla, fOKSta ?*iiil matrnlfl-.-it
in primeval K*ii::-1<-ur ar.d rivaling the mines
in value, and the br ad J'aHnV at your feet
waiting tn boar fM and your products not only
to our new in? o!.ir .iurnrlrs. bill to th<* illimit
able markets <-i the Ortent; the sky. the earth,
the *ea* all combine to jr.ur their richt-st e^n
trlbutions into the lai> of this :'avored com
monwealth.
NATURE'S IIKGAL, GIFTS.
power throughout the community. The largest
part of the public action which most concerns
us is taken or sustained by local organisa
tions. The successtul workins.o: our repub
lican system depends ujxn the distribution
throughout the smaller towns and villages anJ
thrcush the rural districts of men of intelli
gence. If all th* cultivated minds were con
centrated in one capital or In a few great
cities, we could not perpetuate our form or
government. Any strong tendency toward such
a result must seriously intert-re with the pur
ity and efficiency of our Institutions.
So. whether enriched by private or public
endowments, every college has aimed to fur
nish education fct such a rate that boys <•£
modest means could procure It. While we ro-
Jolce at the existence and prosperity of uni
versities and colleges established and main
tained by the private gifts of generous bene
factors, to my mind there 13 on? pecul.ar
charm of the State university, namely, that
every citizen of the State It a stockholder in
I* and a contributor to its usPiulness. This uni
versity is not the possesflon of th» faculties or
even of the Regent*, but of you. the people of
the State. Every rtan, every woman In this
broad commonwealth l:as a proprietary Interest
In its welfare and Its usfCuln*-s» and as- rr«
rrictors they shojM rejoice in the successes
which are mado evident on iVsial days 11k*
this. Iti strercth is found in the devotion of
your hearts. Us hopes are ror.tpri in th* faith
that you. your children, your children's chil
dren will never desert it. fan there bo In »
republican state any more solid and enduring
foundation fcr z. unlvprrttr !!he th!» than the
devotion of an hjtclUfmit re«pl« to an Institu
tion tliat pcurs out it« IiloFiMr.iTs with Impartial
and loving hand u:* n all who are competent
to receive ih-ni and profit by them? Is not
this one of th» .vprenest triumphs of Ameri
can democracy? Is nut this a kind of social-
Ism which we ran all commend?
Drs. B. T. Mouser and Edward von
Ade'uns were called to testify to a
wound over Orlo's eye treated by
them. Orio claims that in their first
liprht CIratziano struck, him with a pair
of bra?f knuckles and cut him. Dr.
Mouser said he i>ut a stitch in the cut.
The v.ound looked to him as if it ha-1
been inflicted with a sharp instrument.
Dr. von -Adeiun.cr said he thought when
ho examined the wound at the Jail tha
next dav that the cut had been mad*
by a fall against the corner of a table.
Orio's attorney is atternptinsr'to show
that Gi'atziano had a weapon, and
when they met later in the dark ana
Orio was attacked he was justified in
shooting.
Breaking down with grief at the
plight he now finds himself in. Lui^l
Orio left the courtroom at noon to-day
crying like a child. He is charged .with
the murder of his friend. Luigi Grat
ziano, with whom he lived. The two
men quarreled over a debt Gratziano
owed Orio, and after a short dispute in
which they came to blows they parted.
An hour or two later they met again.
Orio in th'_- meantime had procured <t>
pistol 'and testified to-day that Gra*.
ziano attacked him and he fired tw<»
shots, both of which took effect. H->
stated he believed his Jife to be in dan
j;er and that is why he armed himself.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. March 23.
Prisoner Breaks Down and
Cries Like a Child as
He Leaves the Courtroom
Says More Fellow
ship Funds Are
Needed.
Michigan's Presi
dent Delivers
Address.
TAKE EIGHT PEISOXERS
Searchlight Finds Them
and the Officers Follow
Out Their Instructions
KILLED HIS FEIEXD
Professor C. L. Cory and
Policemen Prevent Annual
Bush of the Belligerents
Exercises Held in
Harmon Gym
nasium.
Murderer of Luigi Gratzi
ano Says He Feared for
His Life When Attacked
KILLS CHARTER
DAY TRADITION
ORIO PLEADS
SELF-DEFENSE
Dr. Wheeler Ac
knowledges Ben
efactions.
CHARTER DAY CELEBRATION AT UNIVERSITY
ROBBED OF USUAL PROCESSION BY THE RAIN
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, MARCH 24. 1904.
6
ADVERTISEHfENTSw
Gold Crowns at Cost
22 K. crowns; serviceable and artis-
tic; guaranteed not to tarnish or come
off. Pivot teeth V/hich cannot be de-
tected from the natural. Crowded
and twisted teeth refrulated.free. Ex-
traction free. Cleaning freV Pain-
less methods. Graduates only. Twenty
years' guarantee.
Week Days, >} to q: Sundays, o to I.
post-graduatTdental college
San Francisco — 3 Taylor Street.
: Oakland — 373 Washington Street.
San Jose — 45 East Santa Clara Strut
Sacramento— 407 J Str**«-A trip on the "California Limited* Is
pleasant because of an electric light in
each berth and a powerful electric head
light on the engins?. Safe traveling is
assured. The famous train flashes with
meteoric brilliance over mountain and
plain from San Francisco to Chicago If
interested in a trip to the World's Fair
ask about it at 841 Market street. San
Francisco. The Santa Fe is the Scenic
>vay. •
Schuster Can Sell Stock.
: The injunction restraining C. J. '
j Schuster from disposing of 51.000
j shares in the Grizzly Ridge Mining
: Company, issued on complaint of P. I
McAusland, who claims to own the '
I stock, was dissolved by Judge Seawell !
J yesterday, who also sustained Schus- j
ter's demurrer to the suit. McAusland '
claimed that the defendant and his
family had formed a conspiracy to de
prive him of his rights in the stock.
Wortli Reading.
"Sten«» From a Car Window" u the name
of a handsomely illustrated book Issued by
the Union Pacific. Only those who have
traveled over it realize that the 1 Union Pacific
i* a *c»nlc and hUtoric route. It Is also the
quickest and most comfortable. , See S. F.
Booth. O. A., 1 Montgomery street, before
making- arrangements for your trip. •
The Electric Way.
Mrs. Catherine Harper, wife of
Charles Harper, piledriver, 40 Clarence
place, complained to Policemen Cronln
and Moran early Tuesday morning thai
her husband had driven her and her
chlMren out of the house and was
breaking the furniture. The officers
went to the house and saw broken fur
niture scattered around on the floors.
When they attempted to place Harper,
under arrest he showed fight, strikius
Moran and tearing the star off his
breast. Moran had to use his club on
Harper's head before subduing. him.
Harper was taken to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where he still Is, but
as soon as he is able to leave he will
be charged with battery and disturbing
the peace.
Harper on the Rampage.
Fossum Case Settled.
The heirs .of Svert Fossum, who op
posed the "claims of/ the heirs of Lena
Fossum, his wife, to a share in his
estate, yesterday agreed that half of
Fossum's estate should go to the con
testants. An acceptance of this offer
was filed yesterday by Serena Larsen
and Anna Nelsen, Mrs. Fossum's
sisters.
The total receipts of animals at the
Chicago Union etockyards in 1903
were 15.713.515, a slight increase over
the preceding year.
City Attorney Long advised the
Board of Supervisors yesterday that
the municipality has no claim to or
interest in an alleged street running
northerly from the northerly line of
Jackson street to the Presidio reser
vation in the block bounded .by Maple,
Jackson and Spruce streets. On no
official map is there any record of a
street running through the block de
scribed and the Board of Supervisors
has never passed a resolution show-
Ing the acceptance of any such high
way by the city.
No Claim to Alleged Street.
The petitioners allege that the dam
ages have been caused by per
sons . acting for the Merchants'
Ice and Cold Storage Company, which
was granted permission to blast for
grading purposes on its own property,
but blasted in front of other prop
erty. By reason^ of the blasting the
property has been rendered inacces
sible and valueless for habitation.
Checkering & Gregory petitioned
the Board of Supervisors yesterday on
behalf of Sidney and J. B. Nau, Ann
Guthrie. Mary A. Folsom and Ada
Matzen that the board assess the dam
ages caused to their property on Mont
gomery street, between Lombard and
Greenwich. ¦
Owners Notify Suiwrvteors That Prop
erty Has Been Rendered Value
less for Habitation. /
ALLEGE DAMAGES FROM
BLASTING OPERATION'S
Belle Imlay, a native of Salt Lake,
aged 30 years, died in the City and
County Hospital yesterday morning
from the effects of a criminal opera
tion. Before being taken to the hos
pital she had been attended by Drs.
Veale and Bohm, who produced a state
ment signed by the woman stating that
she had performed the operation her
self. She was unmarried, a laundress,
and arrived in this city from Salt Lake
eleven months ago. She resided at 37
Chenery street.
Victim of Malpractice.
J. S. Gudeau. undertaker. Montgom
ery avenue, surrendered himself at the
Central police station yesterday anJ
was booked at the City Prison" on a
charp? of battery. He was released on
550 cash bail. The warrant for his ar
rest was sworn to by A. J. Camouo,
president of Perseverance Gruve of the
Druids. Camous was appointed to in
terview the widow of V. Ft. Dastrivigne,
saloon-keeper. 521 Valencia street, who
died on Monday morning, and he al
leges that Godeau struck him and
knocked him do-.vn because he had em
ployed another undertaker.
Godean Surrenders Hinwlf.
Mrs. Seton was represented by At
torney Hiram Johnson, and Gallatin
was defended by Attorney W. S. Good
fellow.
From the testimony adduced at the
trial yesterday it was learned that In
addition to the promise to pay his
daughter $10,000 when she reached her
majority, Gallatin promised to con
tribute $66 6(5 per month during her
minority. The latter promise was kept
until 1S90. when his daughter, who
later became the wife of the well
known author, became 18 years of age.
She demanded of her father that he
pay her the 510.000, but he pleaded in
ability by reason of financial reverses.
He promised, however, to pay her
monthly th<"> interest on the p«m, and
he kept his promise until 1S99, when
the payments stopped, Gallatin re-'
fusing to continue them. Continued
demands met with continued refusals,
hence the suit of daughter against
father.
Grace Thompson Seton. v.ife of
Ernest Thompson Seton, formerly
known as Ernest Seton Thompson, the
author, is the plaintiff in a suit tried
yesterday and taken under submission
by Judge Sloss. The defendant is her
father. Albert Gallatin. the Sacramento
banker. The suit is for ?10,000 Gallatin
promised to pay his daughter when
she became of age, the promise having
been made in writing by Gallatin in
1SS8. when he and his wife had a falling
out and took their troubles into the
divorce court.
« — _
3Ii\r>. Ernest Seton Thompson
Invokes Law to Compel
Parent to Keep Promise
George Sterling, an ex-convict, was
convicted by a jury in Judge Dunne's
Court yesterday afternoon on a charge
of robbery. He was ordered to appear
for sentence April 1. Th? jury took
only one ballot. As Sterling passed De
tective O'Dea after the verdict was ren
d»red he scowled at him and said:
"Well, you've done it." Another case
against him t-n 3 charge of assault to
murder for attempting to shoot O'Dea
was continued till April 1. Four
deputy sheriffs guarded Sterling.
On the nipht of November 17 Ster
ling broko into the rfstaurant of
George Evans, 31SU Third street.
Evans slept in a rf-ar room and was
awakened by .Sterling shoving the
muzzle of a revolver into his mouth
and telling him not to make a noise,"
a? he was too good a fellow to die.
Sterling relieved Evans of a gold
\vatch, a revolver and 520. He has al
ready served a term in San Quentin
for burglary.
George Sterling Will Be Sentenced
April 1 for Hold-Up of Last
. November.
AUTHOR'S WIFE
SUES FATHER
JURY F1XDS EX-CONVICT
GUILTY OF ROBBERY
George M. Drum, a blind man who
keeps a small news stand on Market
street, filed an action for divorce yes
terday against Lottie Drum, to whom
he was married last June. He charges
that it has been her habit to abuse
him without provocation, and that fre
quently she took advantage of his In
firmity to give him a beating.
John D. Grant, at one time a wealthy
contractor at Point Richmond, is the
defendant in a suit for divorce brought
by : Ida Grant. She charges him with
intemperance and neglect.
Mary Cuomo, who was married to
John Cuomo at Auckland, Xew Zeal
and, in 1S79, secured a divorce from
him on the ground of- cruelty in Judge
Hebbard's Court yesterday. Five weeks
after they became husband and wife he
threw a plate at her and knocked out
some of. her teeth, and several times
after that he abused her so that she
and her three children were frequently
compelled, in the dead of night and
garbed only in their nightclothes. to
leave their home and seek refuge with
neighbors.
Suits for divorce were also filed by
Margaret McGrath against James 3J.
McGrath for cruelty, Laura P. Gerdrum
against Charles Gerdrum, alias Gordan,
for neglect and intemperance, and
Jennie M. Nolan against John C. Nolan
for conviction of felony.
' The Beard of Public Works yester
day dec!in»d to grant the petition of
the Fire Commissioners that the re
icrt filed by ex-City Engineer Grun-
Pky, while ar. official in the employ of
the n:ur.ic:pality, on a proposed auxil
iary gait wcter system be rejected,
trrnmissioner Parry appeared before
:he board and stated that it was the
opinion of his commission that Grun-
Fky had not reported on the scheme
ss outlined by resolution of the Su
rervisors. The commission desired a
rlaa for an independent, -high-pres
eure salt water system, and Parry
*ske<5 the Board of Public Works to
order a new report with that object in
view.
"I am not in favor of any hasty ac
tion in th!s matter," said President
Bchmitz of the board. "I would not
at the present time vote to reject the
report. We can arrange for a confer
ence between this board and the Fire
Commission and ascertain the exact
r*>5ires of the latter body in the prem
ises."
"This is ar. important matter," said
¦•-Tr.missiorier Casey, "and it seems to
me that Mr. Grunsky should be al
lowed to state his proposed plan be
fore taking action at all."
OFFERS USE OF PUMPS.
The North Centra! Improvement
Association sent a communication to
:h* board stating that the plans of ex-
Ctty Engineer Grunsky for a salt water
euxiliary system for fire protection are
t"o extensive and expensive and would
require a bond issue. The communi
cation continues:
"We respectfully urge that such a
plant can b« installed at a small cost
:n the following manner: One of the
members of this association, the Mer
• bants' Ice and Cold Storage Com
rany. has offered the use of its
pumps, so that the only expense to
:h- city would b*» the cost of the pip
ir.g. If the bond is^ue for th«? acquisi
tion of land on Tel*^rraph Hill is sus
tained by th*' Supreme Court, a reser
voir sit- would thus be provided at no
expense."
Commissioner Casey strongly object-'
*"i to engaging a private corporation
!a the scheme, as the intention is to
have a municipal s?lt water system.
The petition of the North Central
Improvement Association that certain
accepted streets in the downtown dis
trict, for which no provision was
made in the bond issue, be repaved. as
th*>y are in a dilapidated condition:
that the sewers la Commercial and
Pacific streets, from Montgomery to
PI;=.st. be reconstructed, and that the
prades b« lowered on Sarisome street,
v.as taken under advisement.
The Jboard expressed itself in favor
of increasing the wages of certain
Mr^et laborers from 52 50 to tZ per
day, provided the funds can be made
available in the nest budget.
A petition for the removal of ob
structlons on Onondaga avenue was
Hied and an investigation ordered.
BOARD APPROVES MAP.
The board approved a map for the
extension of Devisadero street, from
L'uboce avenue f to Fourteenth street,
with Woodward voting against it.
The Bureau of Engineering reported
that it would cost 55300 to repare ;
with bitumen Kearny street, between
t>.;ifornia and Clay, and S11.900 to
*«pave Mission street, from Second to i
Third.
The board awarded the contract for
the reconstruction of the Whittier ;
School basement to A. W. Lawson for
J5S5.
The petition of the Risdon Iron i
Works for permission to erect a fence !
along the center line of Twenty-second j
street, from Maryland to Louisiana, <
**a.« denied.
A- J. Koshy was appointed building
Inspector and E. P. Desmond was ap
pointed hydrant man, vice D. Brown.
The Bureau of Streets was directed
to repave Trinity street with vi trifled
fcrick.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday i
e*nt a telegram to Isthmian Canal
Commissioner Grunsky at Washing
ton, requesting him to furnish Con
gressman Llvernash with the facts
OOSCeXBias the rights on the part of
individuals or irrigation districts to
tRe waters of the Tuolumne River.
Another telegTa.m rras sent to Llver
nash advising him oi the request-
Says Her Husband Drinks to
Such an Extent That He
Does Not Provide for Her
Casey Would Give Ex-City
Engineer Opportunity to
Explain His Proposed Plan
NO ACTION IS TAKEN
Winnie Toya, young and jiretty, was '
J arrested for vagrancy on Pacific street
S by Policeman Joy, but that officer
| failed to appear to prosecute her, and i
• the case was continued till to-day by*i
| Judge Mogan. The sirl seemed t«» '
j keenly feel h«r humiliating position
! ard kept her face concealed as much
j as possible from th? curious gaze of the
; loungers in the courtroom' and corrl
: dors.
* • * \ [\
"Bogie" O'Donnell and John Magee
; had a fistic encounter in a Mason
. street restaurant and Magee had
| "Bogie" arrested for assault. The- tes
'. timony adduced before Judge Ca
baniss. however, about equally divided
the honors of aggression between the i
I complainant and the defendant and !
I the case was dismissed.
j . -i/ •
W. G. Pope is held in 51000 bonds
; to answer in the Superior Court on •
; the eharge of forgery. He was em
i ployed cs.a collector by J. E. Morris, |
! a money lendvr. and turned over to ;
j that person what purported to be a
I promissory note for 527 50 signed by
j W, E. Rusted. The note was repu
; dialed by Husted. who swore he had
j never s^en Pope until he saw him as •
j a defendant in the court of Judge Ca- ;
baniss.
• * •
J. Koylance, h manufacturer of .
brass pipes, is in a peculiar predica- ;
pient In accordance with law he |
j spent about $500 in equipping his ma- !
1 chlnery with certain appliances to
i protect the health .of his employes, but
| they found "that the safeguards ob
; structed their work and would have '
| none of thorn. Then a Deputy Labor
Commissioner visited the shop, noted
the absence of the appliances required
by law and had Mr. Roylance ar- :
rested. The case is before Judge Ca- I
baniss. who continued it until next
Monday.
The dpfendant states that he is per- {
fectly willing to have the appliances
attached to his machines, else he;
would not have gone to the expense j
of purchasing them, and that the real '
offenders in the matter are the work- !
men, who decline to have their labor
hampered by them.
George Horn, charged with having
conducted a lottery at 328 Montgom
ery street, was fined J100 by Judge j
Fritz, the offense having been proven j
by Officers Regan and O'Conneil. The j
same policemen have a similar charge |
against Ralph Sloan, who has ob
tained a continuance till March 30.
• . • •
Chin Lee, convicted of conducting a
fantan game behind barred doors In
Chinatown, was fined $180 by Judge
Fritz.
Four small boys entered the restau
rant at S09 Howard street and regaled
themselves with hot cakes and coffee
until they were filled to repletion, and
then, instead of paying for what they
bad eaten, they ran away. Arthur
Cullen was the slowest sprinter of the
quartet, probably because he had tuck
ed away more hot cakes than any of
his companions, and he was captured.
Judge Mopan continued his case until
to-day, by which time one or more of
the three fugitives may be captured, as
a vigilant jx>lice force is on their trail.
Police Officer Beach had Douglas
Beverly and Louis Castilia before
Judge Mogan on a charge of obstruct
ing the sidewalk by offering flowers
for sale at Market and Kearny streets.
The case was continued till next Mon
day, by which time the new flower
selling ordinance will probably have
been finally passed and signed by the
Mayor.
• . • •
Thomas Jackson (colored) is accused
by Detective Whittaker of having
sneaked aboard a scow schooner and
stolen therefrom one watch belonging
to the master of the craft, and Judge
Mogan is holding Mrr Jackson until
the detective completes a chain of evi
dence against him. It is reported that
the night was very dark when the
watch was stolen, and that tfie thief
would have escaped observation if the
fickle ' moon had not suddenly burst
through a cloud and exposed him.
said the Judge, "but the evidence of
other witnesses leaves no course open
to- me other than to remand the de
fendant to a higher court. His proved
unreliability does not disprove the
charge of theft against her." , ;
• • •
George F. Duffy, with the aid of sev
! eral experts in building, convinced
Judge "Mogan that the premises which
occupy the southwest corner of Jack
son and Broderick streets Is a single
structure and therefore legally drained
j by a single sewer. It was claimed by
! the Health Board that .the property
I embraced three distinct and separate
j buildings and should be equipped with
i three distinct and separate drainage
i pipes, but Mr. Duffy's experts proved
j by plans and specifications and dia
• grams and dips and spurs and angles
I and other things that one drainage
j pipe Is as much as the law can demand.
Peter Miller, who, while in the em
ploy of the California Stevedore and
Ballast Company, was severely in
jured ' by being struck by a cargo
sling, sued the company yesterday for
S20.800 damages. He claims he would
not have been hurt had the company
used ordinary care.
Stevedore Sues for Damages.
Edward Maddigan, a butcher, was
arrested yesterday by officers of the
Society for th,e Prevention of 'cruelty
to Children for neglect and abuse of
his five little ones. The children's
mother died about five months ago and
since then, so it is alleged. Maddigan
has been drinking to excess.
Is Arrested for Cruelty.
• « •
Dr. R. J. O'Conneil. whose office at
Clay and Kearny streets was invaded
• and wrecked night before last by Miss
j Eda T. Church, informed Judge Ca
banies that he preferred not to prose
cute the woman, because she had re
spectable relatives who had promised
to pay for all the damage she had
done to his furniture. So the charge
of malicious mischief was dismissed.
Miss Church stated that she was tem
porarily Insane when she began smash
ing things.
• • •
Twenty-seven members of the Stable
men's Union swore before Judge Mo
gan that they had witnessed an alter
cation between Thomas White and Ed
Taylor at the headquarters of their
organization one evening several weeks
ago, but that they had not^seen White
use a knife on that occasion. More
witnesses will be heard to-day.
• '•*-•;• :-¦-"
When the case of P. Synopolis. ac
cused of practicing medicine without
a license, was called in the court of
Judg» Mogan the defendant did not
respond to Bailiff Hickey's vocal strug
gle with his name, and his attorney
pleaded inability to account for his ab
sence. Synopolis is under a 1100 bond,
which will be forfeited if he does not
appear in court next Monday. He is
also a defendant in Judge Cabaniss*
court, where the charge against him
is malicious prosecution of a physician
whom he had arrested on a charge of
larceny, and who was acquitted. .
• • •
James Murray, a one-legged mendi
cant who attempted to clean out the
shoemaking establishment of Harry
Perry because that gentleman declined
to give him alms, was sentenced to six
months' Imprisonment by Judge Mo
gan. He confessed to being an old of
fender in several coast cities. . „ ;r.
- , • ¦, • •
Maggie Leslie, accused of stealing a
purse containing gold from Walter Wil
liams, was sent to the Superior Court
by Judge Mogan, with ball fixed at
J1000.
"The complaining witness in this case
proved himself a very unreliable man."
Judge Conlan. who knows what it is
to be urobrollaless in the rain, yester
day dismissed, the umbrella stealing
charge of Detective William Armstrong
against Harry Sievers. a barber. De
tective Armstrong testified that while
in a Mission-street pawnshop he in
discreetiy loft his umbrella, valued at
SI. in proximity to Sievers, and that
the man and the "gamp" simultaneous
ly disappeared. .
Edward Stephens, a musician, picked
up an umbrella in a Market-street store
and sallied forth into th? storm, where
he was arrested for theft. The owner
of th*» umbrella was reluctant to prose
cute when the case came up before
Judge Fritz, and the defendant was
dismissed with a warning.
Thus remains wide open the burning
question. Does the taking away of an
umbrella without its owner's consent
constitute larceny or merely unauthor
ized borrowing?
* • •
For cruelty to Captain W. P. Over
ton's dog, \rhich they attempted to
seize on Van Xess avenue. Deputy
Poundmasters Charles Buckley and Ar
thur Murphy wer«> fined $20 apiece by
Judge Fritz. Their attorney imme
diately appealed from the sentence on
the ground that the defendants had
not shown malicious intent. Secretary
Kolhrook of Uie Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals expressed
disapproval of the Judge's decision, and
subsequently had a rather heated dis
cussion with Captain Overton in the
eorridcr.
Leslie Falkenberg is in a fair way of
having it proved to his entire satisfac
tion that the law's machinery is dan
gerous to trifle with. He appeared be
fore Judge Slogan yesterday morning
as a complaining witness, and soon
found himself a prisoner for contempt
of court, with charges of perjury and
maliciously procuring a warrant being
prepared against him. And in addition
to all that unenviable fortune he re
ceived a scathing lecture from the
bench and scorching looks from every
respectable person in the tribunal. For
j the fellow had been forced to confess
! himself thoroughly despicable. To ob
i tain revenge after a quarrel with the
mother of his two Illegitimate children
he had the woman arrested on a charge
of cruelty to the youngest of them,
and to bolster his accusation he delib
| erately lied while under oath.
Mamie Garrlty. a petite and frail
• creature, who resides at 577 Natoma
, street, was the victim of Falkenbergs
| prevarication. To secure her arrest he
I represented that she was the mistress
of his brother George, a seaman, and
that although she was left sufficient
money to support herself and her 10
months-old child she cruelly neglected
the latter, and on last Sunday after
noon lefi the babe on tti« doorstep of
¦ the Falkenberg home, 545 Jessie street.
In court yesterday the woman swore
there was no such person as brother
George, that the complainant was the
father of heT two children and that he
contributed nothing to their support.
j Sharp questioning by Judge Mogan
compelled Falkenberg to acknowledge
that the woman told the truth, and
then he was immediately placed under
arrest for contempt and the prosecut
j ing attorney instructed to prepare
j charges of vagrancy and malicious
prosecution against him.
The woman denied that she had
abandoned her infant upon the Falk
enberg doorstep, and explained that the
j father had sent a request that she let
j him see the little one. She complied to
i the extent of taking it to his home and
! placing it in charge of his younger
j brother, saying she would call for it
! after the father had seen it. This state
j mc-nt was corroborated, and the Judge
! ordered the woman's release.
Falkenberg is about 21 years of ape
¦ and says he is a g'ass packer, but he
; is more noted as an idler.
. . .
Edward Parker, accused of having
'stolen %<ii from Frsn<is and Myrtle Gal
i lagher, at 54 Minna street, was ar
i raigned for grand larceny before Judge
j Fritz, who set the hearing for to-mor
i row.
3IRS. GRANT IS UNHAPPY
George A.Drum.Xetvsdealer.
Says His Wife TakesUndue
Advantage of His Infirmity
Commissioners of Works Ke
fuse to Reject Grunsky's
Salt Water System Report
To Obtain Revenge on Woman With Whom He
Had Quarreled Leslie Falkenberg Perjures Him
self/the Prosecution Alleges, and Is Now Defendant
SIGHTLESS MAN
ASKS DIVORCE
DENY REQUEST
OF FIRE BOARD
TRIFLES WITH THE LAW
AND GETS INTO PRISON
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. .'MARCH 24. 1904.
Dr. H. W. Hunsaker has removed his
offices . from the Parrott building to
rooms 630 to 631 Starr King building,
121 Geary street. •
Ah Line Pleads Guiltj-.
Ah Ling pleaded -guilty yesterday in
the United States District "Court of
selling cigars without the necessary
United States Internal Revenue bonds.
He will be' sentenced this morning.
Barney Hoffman and Edward Magic!
son were booked at the City Prison
yesterday on a charge of burglary.
The police say that they are two of the
same gang of youthful peddlers as
Louis Novinsky and Moses Levy, who
have each three charges of burglary
pending against them. The gang is
accused of committing about thirty
basement burglaries since last Decem
ber. . •« "
Peddlers Accused of Bnrglary.
7
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
' aiaU TiU Ord«r t» Ti« am Tzaaelieo Can wit* 7Sew
The San Francisco Call.
San Francisco. CaL;
Inclosed herewith please find 75c. for which send m« earn
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cooh Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
SIGNEF % « ._
STREET _•
CITY ..... / .. .....i ««.
STATE ,\ —
Small babies quickly grow to
large babies when fed on Mel-
lin's Food. Mellin's Food
furnishes material for growth.
A «amp!c of Mellia's Kood costs yoo nothing
but the asking. Will you not then ask for
»t for your baby's sake ?
MELLIN'S POOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
DABNEY
AN
j ARROW COLLAR
EK fifteen cents each |%S
VSS T WO FOH 25 CENTS g J
CB CLl)£TT. PEABOOY A CO. 8 5
2E| paxcm or eisrrr A<«a vomaacm smihts j
' IJj, PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
"I FEEL YOUNG AGAIN"
? — ; ' — ~~— T ,¦¦¦¦¦ ,
u A r o Longer Fatigued — / Sleep Like a Child — Can Eat ilPi^Hj^flHSSQ^&fete,. ' " ";J
Anything" 1 — This Successful Minneapolis Man Joins the I ? £:^m'. : - i Jwllliljlll few ¦ - I
Thousands Who Are Praising the Celebrated Nerve • *sB;^jj^Bi|l^^^^ sR|&- , \
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND |iC^^ JiK
IT KEEPS HIM "ALWAYS AT HIS BEST" jlIHilHt^ IB™*
Minneapolis Feb. 1, 1304.— "If Palne f « THIS PHTraTTJUJ MAW. TOO. ? W£&Ci £3^ N ISl *
it has <2one for me. it is certainlj- the _. .__ . _,_..__ «_. ? * fiS^H^fe^lif^'C."" "" * v' / t
It "Br»c»d Htra U»" — Tut Him <ra HI* • 6g ¦¦% ->.••• %?y^ '•¦¦•:. -.'•.,. . <• J
greatest remedy on the market to-day. Peet When H. Wat Bun Down aal *^»fl^PlP& : - ' &*' <•
'I tried dozens of other remedies, but Sicily. *i WW^^^^MP''. ¦ • J '*
found none that would make me feel like "Allowing my system to become thor- . » % IS Eg^||f&|a& >' - >J .\ •
Paines Celery Compound has made me oughly undermined br hard work, loss of j f t!¥HPPs^|i|||& "¦ , j ' *•
feel sle«p and nervousness, the result wu; # : : : ¦ : >.-l|«&£' '- ¦¦'¦^^'^^^^^^ i *
"I was troubled with debility, nervous- '\ aS f " 9U jeCt or * Osp ** " ' \ '• *.'••' ss& ,¦ *
A friend of mine recommended my tak-: l'-'>-'--Jm 1 SswsU N >? \ • Jg§&x &¦¦'**
r,es ? . insomnia and several other ail- iDg Pa , ne . s Celery Compoundt whlch l \ ! IMS^^^P^j^B *
ments. After taking: Paine's Celery dldj and taking one bottle of your! *^ -jflBl$^ptf&/ / J0g&m& *
Compound 1 =lept like a child. I could valuable compound, felt much better. A ¦ * : Jjffi«3P^&^*Sp^ : j£ .^^^^^^^^w *
eat anything. It relieved me of that second bottle has put m« on tny f eet j ? B^'^^^fflPA | <^^^^%^^^ >
tired feolintr. a?ain. It braced me up. I r.o*r feel like ' ! Bit^S^; 1* M^^T^^^^^^^^ *
•I feel young again and a little extra l^™^^"^ 3 ' "' 1
H. JOHNSON. 621 1st Ave. S. A DBOOPCTO WOUAV. f r^,^ Tr? H . JOHHSOST. •
Paine's Celery Compound is best ad- Sprfcisr TinAm it*™ Stroar «ad I
vertised by the men and women it has xirsd. Weak, but Paint's Celery Com- i Htaltfcy — Paine's Celery Con- •
cured. The fame of this celebrated pound Mad* H«r Stronr. ' • BOtta4 Hm Mad« Kin T««l Yonafr *
Xerve VitaUzer and Blood Tonic has Des Moines. Iowa. Jan. 30. 1304. — "I » *^ z ? 21 /' m •
been spread to every city, township and *"as feeling tired and weak and had been «»»¦«»¦¦ tt .....¦...» »«,«»
farm in- the nation— by the word-of- troubled with, nervousness for a long made by Pair.e's Celery- Compound, and
-» — > m ™nda,,on " M »- S£ S^tSJfSS fllY'XX %?&£&%£. %££££%££
tient?. Is there one other remedy in the fal1 j had doctored with the best pfcy- After taking three bottles I feel that I
world to-day that can point to success 1 3 icians», but got no relief. am entirely cured." — MRS. S. A. ADDER,
based on such fame? i "I had read of the numerous cures 843 N. 4th St.
.- Lsarn how much better you can feel— Go to your Druggist To-Day—
Get one bottle— Feel just ONCE that abundant new nerve force made by
Paiiie's Celery Compound— You will NEVER AGAIN be contented with
low spirits and poor healthy
ADVXBTIEKyENTS.
People have no idea how
crude and cruel soap can be.
It takes off dirt. So far,
so good; but what else does
it do.
It cuts the skin and frets
the under^skin; makes red-
ness and roughness and
leads to worse. Not soap,
but the alkali in it
Pears' Soap has no free, al-
kali in it It neither reddens
nor roughens the skin. It re-
sponds to water instantly; wash-
es and rinses off in a twinkling; is
as gentle as strong; and the
af ter-effect is every way good.
Established over io» years
I THRO' THE HEART
I OF THE ROCKIES.
i Rock Island System forms a part of t,
1 I the Scenic Line across the continent,
fc thro' Salt Lake City and Colorado Springs
i to Omaha, Kansas City, Pcoria and Chicago.
g Through car service is as follows :
a Standard sleeper daily San Francisco to
h Chicago. Stops five hours at Salt Lake.
P Through tourist sleepers from San Francisco,
I Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. |
§ Regular daily train service via El Paso.
II The trans-continental traveler who has never
a seen Utah and Colorado from a car window, does
§ not know how wonderfully beautiful the best
l?» scenery in the United States is. For hundreds of
H miles the line runs in full view of snow-capped
id peaks, rushing rivers and through frowning
I caverns. Take it for that reason alone, if you
1 wish, but also because no other line crossing the
? continent surpasses it in excellence of service.
I Full information on request — call, write, J
I y telephone or telegraph.
I Ipfflffjtlf c « A - RUTHERFORD,
District Pajssagtr Agtst, j
Q^^pJl^B 623 Market St., Saa Frasdsco.
A Hint for Wives.
To lessen your own cares please year
husband. An easy way as to his llaea
Is to send his shirts, collars, raffs, hand-
kerchiefs, etc.. to the United States
Laundry. The work done here is so ex-
ceptionally good, and in every way sat-
isfactory, that he will b* suited. You
know we call for and deliver foods. Fes-
tal or 'phone will catch ui.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
1004 KXX3CET STBIXT.
Telephone South, 42O.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAAII.CN-A BITTERS. TRZ
Gr«al Mexican Remedy; sivt* h**:tS sad
¦trcscth to sexual ergmas. Depot. S23 Markac"One of the saddest things In the life
of the tenements is the position of the
grandmother, and every tenement
mother looks forward to that position," j
said Mrs. Alexander Ewing, at one of :
the monthly conferences of the Charity j
Organization Society, held yesterday J
morning in the Assembly Hall of the
United Charities Building.
"If you try to encourage a tenement !
mother by saying that her children will [
soon be grown up and able to help I
her," proceeded Mrs. Ewlng, "she # will '
tell you that when her children are ,
grown up they will not want to be
bothered with her. As an almost in
variable rule, the children do not want
the old people around. They are too
cranky, thev say. and the life of an;
aged grandmother In a tenement home
Is so Intolerable that she Is ready to
do anything to escape from it. The '
people of the tenements seldom make
any provision for their old age, but I
know one woman who was so Im
pressed with the horrors of the grand
mother's situation that she brought
h«r small savings, about 23 cents a
week, to a missionary, and asked not to
bo allowed to have them again, no
matter how bad she might want them.
"So unwelcome are aged parents in
tenement houses that we seldom find
them there. They live by themselves
or entirely alone, If only one survives,
as* long as they are able to "support
themselves, and when tney cannot do
so they go to Blackwell's Island. If
they have to live with their sons and
daughters their lives are made a bur
den, to them. I know one old woman
who was tossed back and forth con
tinually between the home of her son
FRANCE UNDER THE SWORD.
FROM out the mysterious south there comes a tale
of* treasure trove more dazzling than any of the
Thousand and One Nights. A party of British and
American engineerf, while engaged, in the prosaic occu
pation of driving stakes for a survey in the mountains
of Bolivia, suddenly struck the usual "hard object which
gave forth a hollow sound," dug it .up and found that
they had uncovered $16,000,000, the buried treasure of
the Incas. For 370 years this mass of glittering wealth
had lain undiscovered, though the pot at the end of
many a treasure-seeker's rainbow, and now it goes to a
few men who happened to have luck.
Besides uncovering a comfortable store for the old
gr.ay. stocking, these engineers also unearthed a golden
truth, these many times exhumed: How cheerless and
to what little profit is the lot of the professionartreasure
seeker. With all their willow wands, their divinations
and their occult whisperings, hapless wights have been
seeking this buried treasure of the Incas for three cen
turies, wearing away their lives in an effort to find the
golden secret of^ the Andes; when along come mere en
gineers with their wooden stakes and they plump right
into Jhe Midas store with not so much as an effort.
What count the tears and the sweat of three hundred
years before the blind, clumsy luck of these fortunate
For the rnan who puts his all into the Andes or South
Sea treasure hunt, who is willing to back with his last
penny some hoary-headed old sinner of a sea-dog who
has a mysterious chart up his sleeve, the little text un
earthed with the Inca treasure should have an appealing
sound. Captain Kidd may have buried irigots like a tur
tle buries her eggs, but they are not for some small
tradesman or householder of this year' of grace to find.
The South Seas may have richness greater than that of
India's coral strand, but the race for it is not to the swift.
Let the past be keeper of its secrets. Fortune hunters
should remember the old fable .of the seve'n sons who
dug diligently the length and breadth of their orchard
for gold and found their treasure hanging from the laden
boughs oflhe trees. * i ' : •
TREASURE TROVE.
SENATOR— E. J. K.. Grants Pass.
Or. The list of United States Sena
tors of the present Congress does not
reveal the name of "Senator JUn
Kean." but It does show the name of
John Kean. a United States Senator
from the State of New Jersey.
GOLD CERTIFICATES— K. A. P..
Burnt Ranch. Cal. The United States
gold certificates issued by the Govern
ment are of the following denomina
tions: $10,000, $5000. JtOOO. $300. $100. $:»»
and $20. " Such certificates are in us*».
particularly the smaller denominations.
CABLE CARS— H. McG., City. The
application of an underground cable a 3
a motive power for propelling street
cars was first. made by the late A. i?.
Hallldie of San Francisco, who ob
tained a patent for th» device. The
first road of that character was built
on Clay street. San Francisro. from
Kearny west, the work being com
menced in June. 18T3. The first car was
run over the road at 4 a. m. on the 1st
of August of that year.
AN OLD DATE— C. C. Oakland, Ca!
The 24th of January, 1841, fell on a
Sunday.
to Queries.
Arbutus.
Amid the slush and mud and noise
That choke the city's thoroughfare.
They hawk these bits of fragrant joys:
Arbutus blooming everywhere.
Rude Winter struts the icy street.
The wild March gusts howl to and fro,
But clear, though faint, a perfume sweet
Proclaims Our Lady of the Snow.
From some wild Carolinian wood
Where Spring has paused and wild bee
hums,
A gladness scarcely understood.
To our chill North she comes — she
comes!
Her timid tints have brought a smile
To Nature's face, long white with woe;
Our hearts sing "Ave!" all the while:
Hail, little Virgin of the Snow!
The Aryan in us makes his hymn
For Winter's passing, in a tongue
Forgotten since the ages dim
When all the flimered- world was
young.
Old faiths revive, new doubts recede.
Strange voices whisper soft and low.
And every soul of every creed
Worships Our Lady of the Snow.
— Smart Set.
A Coming Divinity.
The young Crown Prince of Japan
has developed a very pronounced tast*
for motoring and may be seen flying:
about the suburbs of Tokio in a very
up-to-date automobile, being- so thor
oughly acquainted with the mechanism
thereof that he is able to dispense with
the services of a chauffeur. Inde?<l,
most of the time he is accompanied by
a Frenchman named Sarrazln, who
was formerly his French tutor,
but whom he has now attached to hi3
household as one of his gentlemen-ln
waitlng and the only foreign member
of his establishment. The Crown
Prince Is much more up to date than
his father. Whereas the latter speaks
no foreign language. tl»e Prince la flu
ent both In English and French, and
while the Emperor or "Tenno" has a
large seraglio the Crown Prince has
but one wife. Moreover, he I3 very ap
proachable, entirely devoid of affec
tation, genial and familiar with hia
many friends and thoroughly in touch
with the people, who owing to thla
will experience when he succeeds t3
the throne some difficulty in attribut
ing to him the species of divinity which
they accord to the Mikado.
T A Leap Year Conspiracy.
A prominent member of a publish
ing company of this city is paying the
penalty that attaches to one popular
with the ladies and incidentally is be
ing initiated into some of their ways
in leap year matters. It appears that
the gentleman Is not entirely unlovely
in the eyes of a very charming young
lady of San Francisco, who knows her
rights and Intends to exact them. For
some time past he has been receiving
from many of the silk houses in town
samples of very expensive silk. Think
ing it was intended for his sister, 'Tie
paid little attention to the matter. The
samples continuing, he finally asked
his sister why she didn't have her
things addressed in her own name. His
sister, who is a c^ose friend of the first
young lady spoken of, then confessed
to a dark and deep laid conspiracy.
She told her brother that If he were
at all observant he wcmld realize that
It is leap year, and that all girls have
an unwritten law that If a man re
fuses a proposal he must send as balm
to the rejected one a silk dress; also
that her girl friend had him under
serious consideration and ordered the
samples sent so that the penalty would
be ready for selection if he refused.
The victim gasped, but not to be out
done said that he, too, had a little con
spiracy and it was that before he would
be mulcted for the dress h,e would ac
cept the proposal. The samples are
still coming, so evidently the end is not
yet.
Niagara in 181 2.
How many of the thousands of
visitors who stand in awe beside the
roar of Niagara's cataract are aware
that the ground upon which they walk
was the scene of some of the bloodiest
fighting which befell in that brief and
stubborn conflict known to history a3
the War of 1S12? The Niagara fron
tier was debatable land all through,
that struggle and hardly a foot of ter
ritory on either side, from the brink
of the falls to the limits of Lewis
ton, is free from a record of patriotism
and valor.
There were many fights along this
narrow strips of gorges and rapids, but
the dark and bitter struggle at Lundy'a
Lane shows up the reddest. Both sides
claimed the victory after silence had
fallen upon the field. The tall shaft
which Canada has erected to the mem
ory of the men who fell there as
sumes the palm for England without
reserve. Historians, however, are in
doubt, and when the element of pa
triotic pride is eliminated, the battle
is written down as a drawn engage
ment. — Four-Track News.
POSTOFFICE HISTORY.
NO compilation has been made-of the history of the
* General Postoffice of the United States. That
branch of the public service is just now so much
in the focus of attention that some enterprising pub
lisher might benefit himself and the public by giving a
history of the origin, rise and progress of that depart
ment of the Government, with a sketch of the scandals
which have made it notorious.
William Penn established the first post routes ajid pos
tal facilities in this country, and the Pennsylvania legis
lative assembly authorized his postoffice in Philadelphia
in 1700. It is interesting .hat this was eleven years be
fore the- British postoffice was created by act of Parlia
ment in the reign of Queej; Anne. Soon after this Colo
nel John Hamilton securiii a royal patent to establish,
for his own profit, a geij.ral postoffice for all British
America. /This patent he! afterward sold to the Grown
and a postmaster for NorMi America was appointed. ''
In 1753 Benjamin FrankSin was appointed to this office;
and was given a deputy, a^d a salary of £600 was given
the two, "if they could glet it." Instead of getting it,
Franklin got into debt £900 in keeping up the service
and giving fast mails. He boasted that when he took
charge the round trip from Philadelphia to Boston took
six weeks and he reduced it to three. He was removed
from office by the Ministry, and was reappointed by the
Continental Congress in 1775, with a salary of $1000 per
annum, and held the place until he was sent as embassa
dor to France. He refused shin-plaster money for post
age, and asked Congress to order that only specie be
taken and this was done. Letter postage then ranged
from 11 ctnts for sixty miles t<5 33 cents for 600 miles.
In these days of graft and corruption incident to the
administration of this essentially business department of
the Government, it is interesting to read the report of
Isaac Briggs. In the' early organization of the postoffice
a class of officers called surveyors general was employed,
apparently for the purpose of surveying mail routes in
order to determine the mileage charge for carrying the
mail. Isaac Briggs,, a Quaker, was one of these survey
ors and was sent by Jefferson to survey the route to New
Orleans. The work occupied him and an assistant four
months. He reported that it was just nine hundred and
seventy-nine and five-tenths miles from the President's
house to New Orleans, and he made a map of the road.
In his final report Isaac deplored the enormous cost of
the survey, which included medical treatment, for him
self and assistant through an attack of yellow fever, and
the whole expense was $300! They had to swim all the
streams, and sleep in the night dews, and often wait for
storms to pass in order to get solar observations to fix
latitude and longitude, and it all cost $300! If the depart
ment were managed on that basis now it would pay a
large profit.
In 1839 the total roster of persons employed in the
General Postoffice, including the Postmaster General,
was only 113. In 1831 Return Jonathan Meigs, Postmaster
General, was investigated by Congress and found delin
quent for two years in payment of funds into the treas
ury. This investigation was brought about by the de
tention of a letter mailed by a member of Congress, but
which he forgot to frank. It made him angry and in his
wrath he went for the Postmaster General.. That inci
dent reminds one of current events and seems to affirm
the unchangeability of human nature. " .
The department's history shows the difficulty of gov
ernment carrying on a business, and instead of the scan
dals common to it being wonderful it is a wonder there
are no* more and worse.
Neil's of the Book World.
How many of the literary lights of
days gone by have left behind them
only some faint, lingering shadow of
thomselve* — the name of a character
or a bonmot from a book of theirs,
j/erhapa. William Combe, the creator
of "Dr. Syntax," is one of these. Pome
mterprisftjg'. bookvrorm on the Lon
don Spectator has dug down into the
X>sst and presented to present day
readers a lively sketch of this quondam
friend of Laurence Sterne: '
William Combe was born in London
in the year 1741. His parents were
wealthy people, of dubious character
(according to one account), who took
little interest in their boy. but sent
him in due course to be thrashed at
Kton, and thence, with seme rudi
ment? of Greek and Latin, to the Uni
versity of Oxford- At college he dis
tinguished himself by his vicious
habits, at a time when vice was too
common at Oxford to draw much
obloquy upon its followers. With wine
and cards and rousing the night owl in
tatthes he seems to have passed some
eighteen months at Oxford with szrtis
faction to himself, though his sudden
leaving of the college, in 1761, points
at eome unrecorded prompting from
Those in authority. He left England
for some years at this juncture to
travel in France and Italy, where he
made water-color sketches (all brown
paint and bitumen, according to the
fashion of the time), and met Laur
ence Sterne, then upon his "Senti
mental Journey."
On his return he set up as a man of
fashion, for he had a certain sum of
money in his purse, and, xve read of
him. in Bath as one of the most ex
quisite of the bloods there, going ele
gantly in flowered silk. He was tall
nnd of extreme beauty, a dark, hard
some fellow of a commanding pres
ence. He was a brilliant talker and
at all points "the fine gentleman." He
kept always two carriages and a host
of footmen. His sword, no doubt, was
a dainty thing in steel and silver. His
manner was the Rape of the Lock in
human terms.
Dice and the giving of bouquets, wine
and th<? paying of the reckoning, at last
sent his laces to pawn and the gilt es
tablishment to auction. There was
nothing else to be done. The' money
was gone. And the fine friends, no
•loubt, with the scented perukes drop
ping powder upon the silken coats,
< rept away upon tiptoe, with thin lips
curved in a sneer, glad that the golden
guineas had come to them from one so
spendthrift, so wasteful, as William
Combe had been. Kvidence shows that
the smash was like the" breaking of
porcelain, complete and final, and
Combe's conduct appears to have been
l<randed with several ugly terms—
•fraudulent," "dishonorable," "dastard
ly." etc We see a very frightened and
frowsy William Combe dodging down
the hedgerows toward the sea, toward
sorae Calais packet, out of reach
cf clutching catchpolls, out of reach of
the grim haunts known as the Fleet,
the King's Bench,, the Marshal sea.
There was to be no more scent and silk
and delicacy for many years. Nothing
bat a grim a.nd bitter drilling in the
ranks, in a red coati with floured hair
stuck down with candle grease, carry
ing a firelock in a line regiment of the
Kirfg of France.
Whether he tired of glory, as glory
showed to a private soldier shortly be
fore the- Revolution, we do not know;
but be found means to lay aside his
Fhare of it and to become a waiter in a
tavern. This proved to be a step to
vard promotion as a cook, and as a
cook he wqrked for several months,
finally returning .to London, to spend
various years In prison for debt. We do
not know when he began to write as a
journalist, though no doubt it was be
fore the end of the century. It was in
1*12 that his writing began to be
known, for in that year Ackermann,
the print and book seller, bought a se
ries cf plates from Rowlandson repre
senting the travels of a quaint clergy
nan . through various parts of the
country. Ackermann cast about for
•tome one? to write a tale in verse to fit
ihese plates and hit upon Combe, who
wrn;* "Dr. Syntax in Search of the
Picturesque," a poem of many thou
sand lines, without seeing the artist
who had created the character. Combe
¦¦¦as at thai time living "in the rules"
of the King's Bench. - -*'.;
The success of the book was imme
<i;h1c »>nd great nnd was followed up
by the production of " similar books,
•'The Dance of Life," "The English
Danro of Death" in two volumes. "The
Jlisiory r.f Johnny Quae Genus." "Dr.
Fyntax in Search of a Wire" and "Dr.
Syntax in Search of Consolation." All
*<i these were illustrated by the coarse,
living pictures of Rowlandson. and all
sold well, though npne so well as the
first book of the series.
The scries came to an end fn 1821.
'.vhen Combe was In his eightieth year,
almost worn out by the adventures of
his manhood. His verse grew more
moral as he grew older, and, as hia
early books were of a deadly ortho
doxy, his later boolcs tend to the dull.
They are in the four-footed couplet.
! : kfe'the jogtrot ambling of a nag, a
jno.ter and manner no longer popular.
"William Combe died in 1823. an old,
tired nenitcnt. "in -the- rules" of the
King"* Bench.. Hjs, verse is still read
hy hunting parsons, old fiery squires,
ivrt wine and gout men. It is easy, it.
Is not thoughtful, it is the versified
and her daughter, in one of which
her only bed was a quilt on the floor.
When she could no longer stand
one she went to the other. An
other grandmother was compelled to
sleep in the same bed with three chil
dren of the family: but she was finally
restored to a position of importance
and honor in the family by means of
the workrooms for unskilled women.
The groceries which she carried home
every night as the price of her Jabor
made her daughter-in-law regard her
with new respect, and when her son
lost his employment and the family be
came for a tlm« entirely* dependent
upon her. she was treated with all th»
deference that naturally gees to tho
bread winner."— New York Tribune.
THE country will be gratified by the brief and
pointed instructions given by the President to the
Canal CommjssKrfners. Their work is the greatest
that man has undertaken, and its prompt and proper per
formance is to be the test of American capacity and en
ergy. We were the . pioneers in difficult railroad con
struction. Our first transcontinental line preceded the
Russian project for the Siberian road by thirty-six years.
The Hoosac tunnel was finished before the Alpine tun
nels to connect France and Italy, and these got their
spiral form for overcoming tirade from the Tehachapi
loop on the Southern Pacific. In all that branch of en
gineering and construction that concerns railways we
led the world, and accomplished what had been held to
be impossible.
All great canal construction heretofore accomplished
has been easy compared with that to be, done on the
isthmus. Some of it has been conspicuously slow. The
Corinth canal was begun b / efore the Chn .tian era, and
was finished in the last 'five years. The Suez canal was
an easy construction, and its principal difficulty was
political, rather than in its engineering. The nations
concerned had to make sure that all interests, in war and
peace, were' balanced. The isthmian canal which we now
undertake has been the victim, of politics. One hundred
and forty-two years ago the King of Spain instructed his
colonial governor on the isthmus to rigidly exclude all
Englishmen from that territory, lest they see the vast
advantages that would follow . the digging of a canal.
That was a political reason, and from that time until the
Panama revolution put isthmian politics on the side of a
canal international politics has been an obstruction.
The downfall of the French project was due to the
domestic politics of that republic. De Lesseps had to
bribe and buy his way through the antagonism of parties
and officials, and lost in these corrupt subsidies the cap
ital intended for the completion of the work. Our posi
tion is happily different from his, and we have taken all
the preliminary steps in cleanness and propriety. Not
withstanding ill-advised attempts to rob one party of
honorable participation in the matters introductory to
the great work, nearly half of its Senators broke away
from faulty leadership, and took for themselves and their
constituency a due share of the honor. The enterprise is
launched in the name of the American people, and every
citizen has a right to feel his proper share of the re
sponsibility.
The President's instructions to the commission dis
miss partisanship utterly from the work. The Commis
sioners were selected without seeking knowledge as to
their partisan bias, but only for their fitness for the work.
No men were ever left'a freer rein in a great work than
they. Only the President can remove them, and he told
them that they are to be judged solely by their work, and
if any fail he will be removed no matter what political in
fluence he may bring to bear. He admonished them to
follow the same rule in selecting their subordinates that
had guided him in selecting them, and to make unfitness
the sole cause for removal. This gives a free hand to the
commission. •
The President's instructions will bear many readings.
They form a business document that should be posted
in every executive office in the Union, whether it be the
office of a Governor or of the president or manager of a
corporation or a great business enterprise. The docu
ment will enhance the reputation of the President as a
man of business and of action. It has a moral feature
that is impressive. Instead of lecturing the Commis
sioners on the need of honesty in the work, he said that
if any of them needed such admonition he would not
have been appointed. That is a very high expression and
opens a new thought applicable to tlte discipline of those
who hold trusts. Perhaps many lapses are due to harp
ing upon honesty, that would not occur if men holding
trusts were told that they had been chosen because they
needed no admonition to be honest.
Now the work begins in the plans which will be under
way while the Government is completing the acquisition
of the rights of the French company, and is settling the
subsidy payment with Panama. When these financial
arrangements are -finished the commission will have its
plans, in condition for disclosure to the country. We are
not aware that any decision is made as to whether the
canal shall operate with locks or be a tide level water
way. If it can be majde the latter we are sure that the
people will be better satisfied.' Locking delays the tran
sit of ships and adds to the cost of administration. A
sea level ditch will cost more and take more time' in con
struction, but it will save more than its cost. It will be
more satisfactory to ship owners and masters, and will
better serve the purposes of commerce.
The Magic Word.
An insane person Is hard to handle,
particularly when the poor creature
happens to be violent. To subdue one
whose mfnd is gone is sometimes a
dangerous task and one th/t often re
quires the combined strength of three
or four men. Quite frequently, how
ever, one mentally deranged can be
quieted by a single person who has a
slight knowledge of the mania of ths
unfortunate.
This- was exemplified the other day
at the hospital for the insane at the
City Hall. In one of the cells was a
young English sailor. He was, to use
a common expresion, "as crazy as a
loon." He yelled and yelled, and the
stewards could not make him keep
quiet, though they tried every means
within their knowledge. Even when
they strapped his arms and legs and
threw a blanket over his head he
yelled. :
Finally, when every one about the
place was worn out. Deputy Sheriff
Tom Whelan, who has been handling
maniacs of every description for years,
came in.
"Why don't you make that fellow
stop yelling?" he asked the stewards.
"We cannot," they replied.
"Who is he?" asked Tom.
"A young English sailor," was the
response.
With only this slight knowledge
Tom walked into the seaman's cell.
He stood over the cot occupied by the
unfortunate, raised his hand in a
threatening manner, and in a voice
that would have done credit to the
biggest bully on a windjammer shout
ed:
"Shut up, blast you, or I'll crack
your skull with a handspike."
At the word handspike the loud
yells erf the young sailor ceased. He
whimpered and with a very subdued
"Aye, aye, sir," turned his face to the
wall. For hours after he did not ut
ter a sound and when late in the af
ternpon he coramepced yelling again a
repetition of the deputy sheriff's
threat caused him to become quiet
immediately.
thought of its readers. And, by for
tune, It is most admirably illustrated.
J. M. Barrie of "Little Minister"
fame; took occasion to give his views
on the modern drama at the annual
dinner of the Playgoers' Club recently.
He said that there was no reason why
ths more ignoble and mean side of man
should not be treated on the stage as
well as any other. There was hardly
any subject unfitted for treatment on
the stage. It all depended how it was
done. But it so happened that near'y
all the recent plays which had been
performed had been plays that treated
or man from that point of view, and
the result had been that all the im
itators that had sprung up had been
serious from that point of view also,
and that serious plays had come to
mean Jn the minds of many persons
plays dealing with rather unpleasant
subjects. One might also come to think
that a man would be rather uninterest
ing if he did not give way to passion,
and that a woman would not be very
charming If she had retained much
modesty. It seemed a pity. He was
not at all sure that when the really
big dramatist . for whom they were
waiting appeared, he would not find
and show to them that people were not,
perhaps, quite so bad— even serious
people— as they seemed to be when
represented on the stage.
In issuing the second six volumes of
bis edition known as "The Stage
Shakespeare," Austin Brereton, the
London man of letters, reminds us that
"there Is always room at the top."
Crowded as the booksellers of the world
may be with editions of the poet-dra
matiet, whose vogue is an eternal one,
and whose sacro-sanctity is secure
from higher criticism and from illiter
ate neglect, there is good cause and
reason for adding to the existing sup
ply so handy and attractive an edition
as this one. The text, which is clearly
printed," is taken by permission of
Messrs. Macmillan & Co., from the
Globe edition of 1900. But Mr. Brereton
has approached the plays from a stand
point that is of very actual interest.
In the introductions, marked by charm
and scholarship, for which he is re
sponsible, Mr. Brereton lays most stress
on the stage history of the plays. He
deals with the characters fully and
with excellent judgment, and gives ex
tracts from many sources of Shakes
pearean criticisms, while the stage his
tory of each play is treated with car»
and liberality. But perhaps the mo3t
interesting feature of this edition is
the series of Illustrations. These are
taken, for the mo6t part, from photo
graphs of those who have appeared in
the plays on the modern stage. But
the older actors are not left out of it
altogether, and reproductions of well
known pictures give the necessary
variety. The present set, complete in
a handy little case, comprises "King
Henry V," "King Henry "VIII,"
"Twelfth Night," "The Winter's Tale."
"Othello" and "Much Ado About Noth
ing." A warm welcome .should be as
sured for these and the remaining vol
umes. They are not to be despised by
the student and they will attract thos,»
who do not claim so high a distinction.
The Book Monthly is of the opinion
that the growth of the custom of liv
ing in flats is a blow to the book trade.
Its reasoning is as follows: There is
no room in the average 'flat for book
cases. Consequently people who live
in flats cannot keep any large num
ber of books. They therefore cease
to buy books and depend for their
reading on the circulating libraries.
This may be true, -but surely there
are not enough people living in flats
in all England seriously to affect the
book trade. Besides, if it be true that
there is not room m flats for libraries,
why should not the flat dwellers buy
pocket editions that will take up very
little room? Perhaps*, now that we
think of it, the recent multiplicity of
pocket editions is due to the exigen
cies of flat life. The pocket edition
is, of course, a misnomer. No man
carries books in his pocket, for the
sufficient reason that books so car
ried utterly spoil one's pockets. More
over, no man wants to have a book
always at hand, so that. he can read It
while he is waiting on the corner for
a bus. or having his boots blacked on
the sidewalk. , Pocket editions must
be published either in the interest of
oculists and opticians, who reap a har
vest from the owners of eyes that have
been injured by reading fine print, or
they must be designed for people who
live in flats. It really looks as if the
latter were the case.
Margaret Sutlon Briscoe, the au-.
thor of "The Change of Heart," "The
Sixth Sense" and other books of short
stories, published by Harper & Bros.,
is one of the writers of short stories
who began her literary career In quite
an accidental manner. It is related of
Mrs. Briscoe, or Mrs. Hopkins, as she
is known in private life, that on re
turning from a visit to a back country
farm she desired to jot down an
amusing: incident related to her by her
farmer host. She began in the even
ins and wrote for a long time, scarce
ly conscious of the length of her nar
rative until finally as' she penned the
last line her lamp flickered out and
she discovered that it was daylight. A
successful short story was the result
Mrs. Hopkins is the wife of Professor
A. J.. Hopkins, who fills the chair of
chemistry at Amherst College. Their
home I*' described 1 as a most delight
ful place set in extensive grounds and
commanding 'a superb view of the vast
range of the Connecticut 'Valley.
The split infinitive has always had
its sturdy advocates, but the weight
of opinion has been against it, and
proofreaders and editors have generally
had their way when it came to ex
cising' it from manuscripts and proofs.
Professor Lounsbury of Yale has taken
up the cudgels, in behalf of the prac
tice. He declares that it has survived
the. assaults ot five centuries, more
or less, and he Is confident that It will
prevail. In an article in the April Har
per's . Magazine, he takes the ground
that the split infinitive adds both clear
ness and force to expression. "..This is
a controversy . which is . not . likely to
be settled by even so weighty an au
thority on English as ProfessorJUmns
bury.
to bolster up Russia by force of arms, for when the con
vention was consummated such a need on the part of
Russia entered not at all ,in the calculations; but the
spirit of the alliance certainly does convey the note of
moral obligation on the part of France if only for the
sake of expediency. Should* the affairs of the Muscovite
reach a dangerous crisis in the present war and France
be tardy in her offer of aid, as surely as the ice pack
moves down the Neva would France find herself be
tween^the channel and Alsace-Lorraine, utterly alone.
With ', this serious problem to face, it is certain the
government of M. Loubet will move with great caution.
A misstep in either direction might mean war. The
third republic has never had the test of war save that
which gave it baptism. With the Bonapartists and the
Bourbons hovering about in the near foreground, the
republic might not have the strength to withstand the
shock of conflict.
THE CANAL COMMISSIONERS.
THE 1 SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ......... Address All Coiamanications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
l»u blication Ollice <u«<§ilii«i> ? Third and Market Streets, S. P.
THURSDAY . • • • MARCH 24, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1901.
Special Information supplied daJly tt»
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 23i)Cal-»
ilornla street, Telephone Mala 1042, •
To-wnsend's California Gtooe fruits ami
choice candles, in artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building. •
COLLEGE FRATERNITIES— S. S..
Berkeley. Cal. There ar<» more thnn
twenty college Greek letter fraterni
ties in the United States that claim to
be the greatest. The Alpha Delta Ph!
claims a membership of P00O: Delta
Kappa Epsilon. about 13.000: Phi Delta
Theta. 13.000. and many others that
have a membership of 3000 and over. To
ascertain if tho prominent men named
In letter of inquiry belonged to any of
these fraternities write to each such In
dividual and ask the- question.
TRESPASS— C. "W. A.. Novato, Cal.
It does not follow that in order to b<»
guilty of trespass on the property of
another the Individual trespassing com
mtt an act that damages the property.
The mere entering upon the land of
another without permission of the
owner is a trespass. If an Individual
enters upon the inclosed land of an
other for the purpose of fishing In a
stream that runs through the? land
without the permission of the owner,
that Is trespass.
PERSISTENT press reports concerning thecjfectof
the present war in the Far East upon the diplo
matic balance of Europe credit France with a
strong desire to co-operate with Great Britain in the offer
to patch up the broil in the Orient. While the German
Emperor seems to be* feeling the itch of the war bug
with every report of a Russian defeat, Russia's ally is do
ing everything in- its power to get Russia safely out of
the war even if honor alone remains. "Continued strife
in the East, no matter upon which side the scale of vic
tory be turned, is a grave menace to the welfare of
France.
With the forces of the Cxar in retreat, as they seem
to be at present, and with the Japanese fleet supreme in
the China Sea, France is brought to, face a peril perhaps
greater than^any she has had to cope with since the
Treaty of Versailles. For France is at the present mo
ment endeavoring to perform the difficult feat of carry
ing water on both shoulders. By the articles of the
dual alliance with Russia, France is bound to see to it
that Russia does not have to oppose Japan and England
combined. On the other hand, the growing entente
cordialc between herself and her neighbors across the
channel, a circumstance which has allowed France "an
easier feeling than she has had for many a year, makes
it almost imperative upon . her that she preserve the
present comfortable status. France's Russian. alliance is
indispensable, since, as Sydney Brooks says in the cur
rent Atlantic, the bond gives France "security" among
the powers. The arbitration treaty between France and
Great Britain is too manifest a tolcen of good will to
permit of any doubt of the desires of both governments.
The tide of victory which has carried Japan into an
almost undisputed possession of Korea would seem to
guarantee tljat Great Britain will not be called upon to
become an active ally in the field. The ietter of. the dual
alliance does not stipulate that France is in > duty- bound
Useless Old Age.
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8SANTA CRUZ, March 23. — The
Hanta Cruz Y. M. C. A. basket ball
team was ..defeated last night at Wat
sonvillc in a tournament came against
.Watsonville. The score stood 23 to 10.
Basket Ball at Watsonvillc.
Bigelow Axminsteiv,Rugs. 9x12 feet.
$29 50; installment Irouse price, $47 60.
Smith's Axminster Carpet. $i 10 -per
yard, sewed, laid and lined; installment
price, $1 ' 80. .Tho celebrated Roxbury
Carpet, $1.05 per yard, sewed, laid and
lined; installment price. $1 40 per yard.
PATTOSIEN COMPANY, cor.. Sixteenth
and Mission streets- . .__ __•«;
Now/for Carpets and Rugs.
Exhibits came In during: the day
from the city and various parts of the
State, and one consignment, a quan
tity of vines, measuring, it was esti
mated, fully a mile in length, sent by
Henry Melde of Eureka, was made
into festoons to decorate the walls
and staircases.
Among those who assisted Mrs.
Martin in decorating were Mrs. O. D.
Baldwin. .Mrs. O. D. Wheeler, Mrs. W.
S. Chandler, Mrs. C. D. Friedman, Mrs.
Frank S. Snell. Mrs. E. W. Maslin,
Mrs. Edwin F. Adams. Miss Mary
Brooks, Mrs. T. Sachou, Mrs. A. R.
Gunnison and R. Lichtenberg.
The spring flower show, planned
and arranged by tho California State
Floral Society, will open this morning
at the ferry building nave. The whole
of yesterday Mrs. John Ross Martin,
the manager, and the subcommittee
on arrangements were occupied almost
without interval planning and decorat
ing, with the assistance of a corps of
workmen.
Officer* of California State Floral So
ciety Receive Beautiful Exhibits
for Public Approbation.
SPRING FLOWER SHOW TO
BK OPENED THIS MORNING
¦W. Reed of Oakland and Postmaster J.
J. Luchslnger of Vallejo are slated to
represent the district in the national
convention at Chicago.
% CONVENTION CHAIRMAN.
The names mentioned in the Fourth
Congressional District Republican
camp are H. G. "W. DInkelspiel, Henry
C. Dibble, Joseph Spear and Moses
Gunst. - ' / -
In the Fifth District Colonel George
H. Pippy of this citv and O. A. Hale
and E. A. Hayes of San Jose are
spoken of as available men.
The Sixth Congressional District will
probably be represented in the national
convention by Congressman % J. •" C.
Needham of Modesto and Frank Short
of Fresno. Senator Thomas Flint does
not fancy a summer outing in Chi
cago.
In the Seventh District. (Los Arigeles)
there is quite a galaxy of aspirants' for
national convention honors.' Interest
in the district representation Is i over
shadowed by the contest between Rob
ert N. Bulla and J. W. McKihley for
the honor of going to Chicago as dele
gate at large. J. i H. Norton ' and
Thomas Hughes may be selected to rep
resent the/ Congressional districtl
In the Kighth Congressional District
there is very little -agitation*- on the
topic of district representation. There
is talk. of electing former State Senator*
S. C. Smith of Kern County and Sen
ator M. L. Ward of San Diego.
. For chairman of ..the State conven
tion the name of Colonel E. .A. Forbes
of Yreka is prominently mentioned.
San Ft; -isco Veterinary College.
Next session will begin June 6th. Catalogues
by applying to Dr. E. J. Cr*>«ly, 810 a. O. ave.»
Commander John Parker, U. S. N.,
and wife are at the Palace. Mrs. Par
ker is the^ister-in-law of the late Pres
ident Benjamin Harrison.
A. Hatt Jr. of Napa. who is the de
fendant in a suit for an accounting
brought by H. G. Bell and J. M. Gra
ham, filed notice yesterday that he
would to-morrow in Judge Murasky's
court E^k for an order directing that
the Fteamers Napa City and St. Helena,
which he and the plaintiffs and G. H.
Munk have been running between this
city and Napa. be sold. He claims
that because of the suit the vessels are
in danger of becoming valueless and
that to continue running them will but
add to the difficulties of the court in
F-ttlinK the dispute between him and
his partners.
Hatt Would Sell Steamers.
A $150 book hag. been .published In
London that the -author may convince
Ms readers that Columbus was born in
1451. '. • .< -.
K. D. Hibbs, former general auditor
of the Public Service Company of New
Jersey, arrived in this city yesterday
and is registered at the Palace Hotel.
He has come to San Francisco to ac
cept the position of assistant to the
general manager of the United Rail
roads and will enter upon his new du
ties immediately. The position was
created for him and General Manager
Chapman stated yesterday that it
means no further changes in the com
pany other than to relieve himself and
his secretary of a considerable portion
of the responsibilities attending the
management of the street railways of
this city, which have been steadily
growing in magnitude. Mr. Hibbs is
a man of recognized managerial abil
ity and was selected from a number
of men for the new position.
Help General Manager of United
IlailroacLs in His Work.
i:. I>. Ilibbs Arrives From East to
ASSISTANT TO CIIAPMAX
HAS REPORTED tX>R DUTY
Dr. Clampett closed with a tribute to
the sterling qualities of President
R&osevelt and cited him as an example
of the model man In home life.
When v;p bear <n mind that divorces are on
the Increase, and \hat In California there is
one divorce In every icvuj marrlasres, ther*
shoul<l be both stricter Iaw« and united action^
on the part of the Protestant churches to
save ua from what in at prenont a fearful
Vrandai^ To the ciory of the Roman Catholic
church*F>e It sal'] that ehe stands supreme In
th? maintenance of the sanctity of the home
and the great MCredness of th»- married state.
Thin matter strikes at the very foundation of
true citizenehlp. *nd the responsibility of the
churrh that connives at this awful laxity Is
rreat bey.->nd any possible measurement. Dr.
McKIm of Washington terro«l the present
order of things "prosresMve jialygamy," and
It aowara almost satirical to express our
righteous indignation of the doings of the Mor
mons In their plurality of wives wh^n It r*
•olves ltstlf into the distinction of having
them In a bunch or In geometric progression.
With each succeeding day the noon
day Lenten services In the rooms of
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce, under the auspices of thf*
Brotherhood of St. Andrew* of the Epis
copal church, increase in popularity,
as is evidenced by the attendance. Th<j
nature of the addresses and the prom
inence of the speakers has in a meas
ure been responsible for the great in
terest manifested by the business com
munity and it can be said that th<*
passion week services this year have
been the most successful since the in
auguration of the custom. There will
be three more of the noon services —
Dr. David Starr Jordan, president of
Leland Stanford Jr. University, speak
ing to-day on "Righteous Citizenship in
Public Spirit"; General N. P. Chipman,
Supreme Court Commissioner, giving
his views to-morrow on "Righteous
Citizenship in the Vote," and the Right
Rev. W. P. Nichols, D.D., Bishop of
California, delivering the last address
of the week Saturday on "Righteous
Citizenship in the Church."
The services yesterday were similar
to the preceding: ones and the attend
ance was large. Rev. Frederick W.
Clampett, rector of Trinity Church, had
been assigned the subject of "Righteous
Citizenship in the Home" and delivered
a most forceful and stirring address.
In his opening remarks he said a mod
ern writer had designated as the two
sweetest words in the English tongue
'home" and "mother." No matter how
robust a man may be, no word appealed
so strongly to him as the one that
brings associations of mother. "Horn*
is the sweetest spot on earth," said the
speaker, "and it should be the treasury
of man, his wife and family. If a man's
character is to be tested it should nqt
be done in the church or the stock ex
change, but under his own roof, where
he lives day by day. The citizen who
is true in citizenship must be true in
the hot^ff."
Dr. Clampett then maintained that
the churches were not alive to-day as
they should be to the phases of home
1 life and cited the lack of filial respect
and regard in the growing generation.
The subject of divorce received a scath
ing rebuke at the hands of the learned
divine. He said:
It Is a most serloui consequence that the
church anJ «tate are In conflict over thl«
question of niarriece and divorce, and still
; pr?at«»r that th« churches are In conflict amonR
themetlvef. I »m bound by the cjuion of our
Ei/lit-opal church to decline to marry the in
nocent oarty to a divorce except u-here the
divorce is granted for infidelity, duly proved
in court, yet these who art? sent from my
door «re erected and married by th« minis
ters of the various Protestant denominations.
Dr. Clampett Scores the
Divorce Laws at
Noon Service.
"We knew that Mr. Thompson, our
neighbor', had been acting queerly for
some time, but we did not think he
was dangerous. His actions gave ua
all a pretty good scare."
Thompson has been living at the
home place with his mother and sister.
The warrant for Thompson's arrest
was given to Officer Forgle, Who had
considerable trouble in landing the
man at the Receiving Hospital. On his
arrival at Thompson's home he was
encountered by Lucy Thompson, who
gave him a hard fight, at ihe same
time yelling to her brother to make
his escape. .Thompson ran, but was
overtaken by the officer, who, after a
short struggle, handcuffed the man
and took him to the detention ward of
the Receiving Hospital, where he will
be held pending an examination.
Then the unexpected caller departed,
but Instead of crossing the street to
his home attempted to scale a fence
and to enter a house next door to the
Carlton place. Dr. Carlton succeeded
at last In calming his visitor sufficient
ly to induce him to leave the place and
go home.
Thompson got to the window • by
crawling up a step ladder he had placed
beneath it.
Miss McWalter said:
Dr. Carlton, by coolness and tact,
managed to handle Thompson and to
get his unwelcome visitor ont of the
house without serious consequences.
" Thompson is deemed erratic. Chief
of Police Hodgkins said the pioneer
Oaklander's eon had once been examin
ed in San Francisco for Insanity, but
had been discharged.
Mary McWalter, the domestic, was
awakened by the rattling of the win
dow shutters in her room. She saw a
man climbing into the room, and with
a scream of fright fled, pursued by
Thompson, who was stopped by Dr.
Carlton and Mrs. Carlton, both of
whom rushed into a hallway after be
ing aroused by the girl's cries. Recog
nizing Thompson. Dr. Carlton demand
ed to know what he was doing in trfe
house. The visitor incoherently mut
tered that he was looking for "Ethel."
Thompson was told that the object of
his strange search was not there, but
he persisted so emphatically that the
aroused householder accompanied him
through the residence.
OAKLAND, March 23.— Awakened at
3 o'clock this morning by the screams
of a domestic. Dr. Harry P. Carlton,
the clubman and society leader, was
oonfronted at his residence, 1436 Web
ster street, by an armed man, who
brandished a loaded pistol. The in
truder, to Ihe amazement of Carlton
and his wife, proved to be Edward
Thompson, son of the late Peter
Thompson, who was a prominent and
wealthy capitalist. The Thompson resi
dence is across the street from the Carl
ton domicile.
Home of Dr. Carlton Is
Broken Into at Night by
Edward Thompson.
THE REV. FREDERICK TV. CI-AM
PETT, WHO^POKE AT THE BUS
INESS ME.VS LENTEN' SERVICE.
DR. 'HARRY P. CARLTON. WHOSE
HOUSEHOLD WAS DISTURBED
BY AX ARMED INTRUDER.
Mrs. Kart has been busily engaged in
Seattle and other northern cities talk
ing about the Alaskan exhibit and in
giving information about Alaska. She
will remain in this city several days as
a gruest of Mrs. Madge Morris Wagner
at t'j% Noe street.
The Alaska, building at St. Louis will
be in the colonial style of architecture.
Flanking this building will be Alaskan
houses, exact reproductions of those
that aie common In Alaska. A choice
collection of large and elaborately
carved totem poles will serve two pur
poses. One leading object is to have
them attract attention to the Alaskan
exhibit, which they are likely to do In
view of the fact that they will be not
far from a main entrance to the expo
sition grounds, and their height will
make them loom up in full view from the
"Pike," which is the Midway of the St.
Louis show. The second object In hav
ing the totem poles Is to reproduce an
Alaskan vista as nearly as possible.
Amid the totem poles the bulbs gath
ered by the children of Alaskan schools
will be planted, and with due care in
the proper season they will blossom
payly for the credit of the land that is
their habitat.
Mrs. Mary E. Hart, lady manager for
the Alsakan exhibit at the St. Louis
Exposition, returned from Puget Sound
yesterday. She says arrangements have
keen made to reproduce at St. Louis a
scene illustrative of the vegetation of
Alaska. To accomplish this the teach
ers of Alaskan schools will instruct
their pupils to gather slips and bulbs.
and these will be so cared for that they
i\ m bear transportation to St. Louis. It
is expected that a very large percent
age of them will thrive and so aid In
the creation of a characteristic Alaskan
garden scene.
It is an open question whether there
will be a separate convention in the
Second Congressional District. There
are indications that the committee will
not file a petition and that the dele
gates elected to the State' convention
will resolve themselves Into a Con
gressional district convention. Superior
Judge A. G. Burnett of Sonoma and W.
P. Hammon of Butte .will probably be
chosen as delegates from the district
to the Chicago convention.
In affairs pertaining to the Third
Congressional District the leading Re
publicans of Alameda'and Solano coun
ties usually come together and make
up a Elate without recognizing the ex
istence of Contra Costa County. The
last-named county is becoming too im
portant to be longer Ignored. Richmond
is growing with marvelons rapidity.
All along the bay south and west from
Martinez to the county line population
Is increasing. Before many years roll
by somebody from Contra Costa County
may go to Congress.
There is gossip In 'the Republican
camp of the Third District that George
Only one of the two Congressional
committees in the Fourth District can
be recognized by the Secretary of State
as the governing body of the Republi
can party in the district. The petitions,
if not already filed at Sacramento, will
be filed, to-day.
District conventions to elect delegates
to the National Republican Convention
at Chicago will be held in the Fourth
and Fifth Congressional districts of this
State. The district delegates will be
chosen at the primary election May 3.
Initial steps for yie filing of the neces
sary petitions have been taken by the
Congressional committee of each dis
trict. These district conventions will, be
entirely separate from the Republican
State Convention, which has been
called to meet in Sacramento May 18
for the purpose of electing four dele
gates at large and four alternates to
the national convention of the party.
Very likely- many of the delegates to a
Congressional district convention may
be chosen to represent their respective
Assembly districts in the State conven
tion. '
Word comes from the north that
Charles Clinch of Grass Valley and J.
C. Bull of Eureka will .be chosen: to
represent the First Congressional Dis
trict. It is common gossip that the
Congressional committee in the First
will not issue a call for a district con
vention. Therefore under the call is
sued by the Republican State Central
Committee, acting in harmony with the
directions of the Republican National
Committee, the delegates elected to the
State convention from the, counties
comprising the First Congressional Dis
trict will elect the delegates from said
district to the national convention.
COXTRA COSTA GROWING.
Twenty-eighth District, 5 delegates;
Twenty-ninth District, 5 delegates;
Thirtieth District, 6 delegates; Thirty
first District, 5 delegates; Fortieth Dis
trict. 8 delegates; Forty-first District,
7 delegates; Forty-second District, 9
delegates; Forty-third District, 9 dele
gates; Forty-fourth District, 8 dele
gates; Forty-fifth District, 6 delegates.
On motion of J. D. Brown the chair
man and secretary were authorized to
file the necessary petitions with the
Secretary of State.
RECOGXIZMS PRIMARY jLAW.
The call for the district convention
adopted by the committee recognizes
the primary election law and provides
that delegates to the convention shall
be chosen at the primary election on
Tuesday, May 3. The temporary roll
of delegates will be made up by the
chairman and secretary of the Con
gressional District Committee.
The Fourth Congressional District
Committee, of which Louis EL Ander
son is chairman and Martin Kelly sec
retarj-, has issued a call for the conven
tion to meet in San Francisco on Wed
nesday, May 18, at 8 p. m. It is pro
vided that the convention shall consist
of 230 delegates, under a flat appor
tionment of twenty-five delegates to
each of the ten Assembly districts. The
delegates are to be elected under the
provisions of the primary election law
on Tuesday, May 3.
The following significant paragraph
is contained in the call for the Kelly
Congressional District Convention:
; "That the delegates elected or select
ed to the Republican State Convention
to be held in Sacramento on the 18th
day of May, 1904, to elect delegates to
the National Republican Convention at
Chicago, shall not be eligible nor per
mitted to sit or act as delegates in the
conventiorf*to be held under this call,
and such delegates from said Fourth
Congressional District to said Repub
lican State Convention shall not be em
powered or authorized to elect or select
district delegates from said Fourth
Congressional District to said Repub
lican National Convention."
A meeting of the Republican Con
gressional Committee, Fourth District,
was held at 16 Geary street last even
ing. The members of the committee
in attendance were Leon Samuelp,
Twenty-ninth Assembly District; L. A.
Devoto, Thirtieth District; Maurice L.
Asher, Fortieth; Robert Grier, Forty
second; Philip Haskinss, Forty-third;
Ed Buckley, Forty-fifth, and J. D.
Brown, Charles M. Fisher and Luther
Elkins, committeemen at large.
On motion of J. D. Brown, M. L.
Asher was called to the chair. Phil
Haskins was authorized to act as sec
retary. After considerable discussion
the committee adopted a call for a Re
publican Congressional Dfstrict Con
vention to select two delegates and
two alternate delegates to the National
Republican Convention at Chicago. It
is provided in the call that the district
convention shall be held in San Fran
cisco at 8 p. rn., Friday, May 20, 190-1.
The convention will consist of sixty
eight delegates, apportioned to Assem
bly districts as follows: •
Secretary of State Is to Be
Asked to Decide Upon Gov
erning Body of the Party
Garden Scene in Land of
the Eskimo to Be Repro
duced at St. Louis Fair
PLANT LIFE OF NORTH
A street carnival is to be given in
this city the latter part of April under
the auspices of Company B, Fifth
Regiment, N. G. C. The Dixie Carnival
Company has been engaged to furnish
the attractions. A company of 150 men
will take part In the performances.
There will be eleven tent shows, a large
Ferris wheel, merry-go-round and
many small side shows. The Council
has granted Company B permission to
pitch the tents along the south sldj
of Santa Clara street, between Second
and Fourth. The large lot at the corner
of Fourth and Santa Clara streets will
also be used. A week is the time the
carnival will hold forth.
pQ a protninent feature. A number of
floats are also assured. At AgriculturaJ
Park there will be all sorts of games
and amusements. There will be a bat
tle of flowers in which twenty decorated
horsemen will take part. A score of
decorated automobiles are also prom
ised for the parade.
Committees of the Woman's Club are
hard at work. The success they are
meeting with assures an event that
will make a reputation for San Jose
and the Woman's Club. The proceeds
of the fete are to be' devoted to the
clubhouse fund of the organization.
Besides the features of .the parade
and entertainment there will be ex
cursions on the electric . railroads to
the various resorts about the valley.
There are miles and miles of blossom
lined roads In this county, and a ride
along any of them in April is worth
a trip to Santa Clara Valley. Many
of the Eastern tourists now in Southern
California are expected here at the
time of the festival.
SAN JOSE, March 23.— A blossom
festival will be held in San Jose on
Thufsday, April 7. The San Jose Wo
man's Club has charge of the affair,
and arrangements are rapidly being
made for a lavish display of Santa
Clara County flowers. The orchards of
Santa Clara County will be in full
bloom —at that time and the prune
blooms will be a fitting background for
the event. In April the county Is at
its best and thousands of people are
attracted here at blossom time.
San Jose will try to outdo all her
previous attempts at a floral show.
There is to be a big display, in which
decorated horsemen and carriages will
Battle of Boses Will Be One
of the Most Attractive
Features of the Event
CITY TO BE DECOBATED
FIGHT ON IX FOUKTH
Initial Steps to Select Dele
gates to State and Congres
sional District Conventions
— » ¦' ¦
Woman's Club Is Arranging
for an Elaborate Display
of Flowers in Coming April
Blossoms That 3Iake Alaska
Beautiful in Summer to
Open at the World's Fair
REPUBLICANS
ARE IN LINE
BLOSSOM FETE
FOR SAN JOSE
FLOWERS AMONG
WEIRD TOTEMS
INTRUDER
FRIGHTENS
HOUSEHOLD
MINISTER
TALKS ON
THE HOME
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. MARCH' 24, 1001:
9
AMUSEMENTS.
La Bellelprrero;
Taffnry's Dogs; Billy Clifford and Ade-
• Una. Roattino and Clara Stevens.
Last Times of EMMETT CORIU-
GAN COMPANY, Presenting
"Jockey Jones"; Nichols Sisters;
Loney Haskell; M on tell Brothers
and Orpheum Motion Pictures,
Showing; Young Corbett and Britt
Training.
Regular Metlnees every Wednesday, Thurt-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. 25c
and 60c.
oini iieubeh a m ™®®n
v U \m U m Da A leaouis _t.-la,?i
'MOST DEiaGHTPTJIi
of comedies seen
here in years Is
that which
MAST
MANHEBinO
Is eow presenting
under the title ol
wAaaniT's
HONEYMOON.
By Leo Dltrichstein. . -
This Week and
: Next Week.
MATINEE SATUBSAY.
It has received
the unanimous praise
of the critics.
CALIFORNIA
TO-NIGHT,
The Popular Comedian, *
iNOaTHlANDSINCER^^^^
A. new play by Sidney R. Ellis.
SUNDAY— The World's Greatest Marvel.
ANNA EVA FAY.
Special Matinees for Ladies Only Wednesday
and Saturday. ¦*
THERE.
P IV O VIA
I WHAT. , }
THE ROUNDERS
That's what, and that's what everybody saya.
Beyond question the only chow in town.
And this la the last week.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
m ' ¦ i ¦''""KiLl 55^""L E>' M i 1 1 Mqa
An extremely funny musical comedy, with
everything new, and
OtTR "ALL STAR" CAST, Including Richard
F. Carroll. John P. Kennedy. John Pea«hey.
J3en T. Dillon. Helen Rnsaell, Nellie Lynch.
RESERVED SEATS — Nishta. 23c. 50a and
?&c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. S5c and
50c. Children at Matinees, 10c and 23c. First
appearance of Lizzie Derlous Daly.
Doctor'sDaughters'
:* Horse Show,
AT RIDERS* CLUB BUILDING.
AT SEVENTH AVENVE AND C STREET,
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
FRIDAY EVENING, March 25, at 8 o'clock
Mafines Saturday, Marcb 26, at 1:30 p. m.
Tickets on sale at Sherman A Clay's moslc
store.
ADMISSION— EVENtNQ, $2: 1 MATINEE. $1;
CHILDREN. 50c.
WeeHy Gal $1.00 ueplear
ADVEBTiaE3gENTa. '
I ' CELEBRATED- V
|gh STOMACH A
In the Spring your health needs at-
tention. The system is overloaded
with impurities which must be pot rid
of at once or you're going to be sick.
Then the Bitters is needed. It will
cure General Debility, Spring Fever,
Nervousness, Stomach Ills, Insomnia
and Malaria. Try it.
I I'
PaiarA don't fail to
taiUWW iee ihe beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
aUU , PARLOR, the
f> j. PALM ROOM, the
lirflUfl LOUIS XV PAR.
ui anu LOR^ 9Xxd LA .
H J.~1~ DIES' WRITING
notels J room. j
m r\ -r ¦¦ a M M To stay Cored. Cau» re-
[\ S I ft \\\ il moveJ. Health restored.
"VI lll'l«No more Asthma or Hay
£\ I incn Fever. Book «0 Free.
\f %J IV L \3 P. 'lIAROLD HATES.
¦¦ '. ¦¦ - Buffalo. N. T. -¦¦
AMUSEMENTS. .
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
„ Raclns Each Week Day. Rain or Shine."
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 p. ra. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track taka
g. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:3(X
1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking In last two
cars, which ar« . reserved {or ladles and their
•scortm. 1
Returning trains leave track at' 4:10 and
4:45 ard Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President
PERCY W. T^inAT. S«t r>tsnr. =
MlSCXIiI-ABreOPS AanXSEMEHTS.
% SPRIIMC FLOWER SM0W.
TWENTIETH EXHIBITION
\of the
California State Tloral Society
Will be held In. the
GRAND NAVE of the FERR* BUILDING.
San Francisco. *
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY.
™." March 24. 23 and 28. 1004.
/ Open from 10 a." m. to 10 p. m.
Music Evenings. /
BASE|ALL!
Seattle vs^.Sah Francisco
• AT RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH- AND HARRISON STREETS.
THURSDAY and FRIDAY. 3:30 p. m., and
*- SATURDAY, 3 p. m. ; SUNDAY. 2 :30 p. m. •
ADVANCE SAIjE Of SEATS, 5 Stocktca *t.
POSTUM CEBEAL.
It may be
that causes your
trouble
It is the direct and certain cause
cf nervous disorders, dyspepsia,
heart trouble, weak eyes \ and a
multitude of other diseases
brought on by slight jxjisoning of
ihc nervous system. You can tell
certainly in your own case by leav-
ing off coffee and using Posturri
ry a
Coffee 10 davs.
Jf your troubles begin to dis-
appear you have the exact reason
for their cause and therefore
know how to be rid of the "herd
• *...
of Iitlle denionfe" ancV return to
health and good old time comfort
again.
A T sTI A7in Belajco A Uaye*
ALCAZAR inst
General Manager.
AT 8 TO-NIGHT — Xats. Sat. and Soa.
Last Week bvt One ol
Warner's Impressive Miracle 71*7.
...PARSIFAL.
SU7S23 STAGE PICTUKES.
Th« music toy an orchestra of Twenty.
Kvis.. 23c to 91. Mats. Bat. & Sun.. 25c to 73a.
CABTX» MOKPAT— Oar THE QTJTBT.
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 53*.
TO-NIOHT— ALX* TIIIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND BCNDAT.
The Great Spectacular Sensation.
ill THE KING OF ill
III DETECTIVES III
Marnlncent Orlc'.nal Scanlo Effects!
A MID-AIR RACE FOR LIKE. t '
With Marvelously Realistic
'BALLOON A*T> AIRSHIP SCENE.
DDirEC Evenings 10c to M»
IKlVLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 23*
Vest Week — THE HTTSTZ^BS.
LAST FOUR TIMES.
Erenings li 8. Maiinss Safardaj at 2.
MRS. FISKE
In Paul Herse's Drama.
Mary of Magdala
KSXT VXIX-SXiTS THIS M0E9CI9.
MRS. FISKE in IBSEM'S HEDDA 6A8LER.
TIVOLI5S5&
A TK1UMJH 07 KXSTS A JTD MSI.0BT
First Production In San Francisco of
Mr. Pickwick
A Musical Comedy In Two Acts. Based on
Charles Dickens" MasterBi«c«.
Initial Appearance Her* of •' — - *
Dora de Fillippe
The Eminent Lyric Sonrsno.
MATINEE SATURDAY-
Usual Popular Prices 25c. Mo and T3o
Proscenium and Mezxanlne Box Seats. . .Jl.oo
Hlfffc-Claaa Specialties Every Afternoon
and Eralnjr la thm Thoroughly
Bested Theater.
. — — TO-JIGHT 1
GALA AMATEUR PERFORM ANC 2
— Concluding With—
NEW LIVING PICTURES
GET LOST R» THE JITSTIC MIRROR
MAZE.
VISIT CABARET DE LA MORT.
ADMISSION ...10c I CHILDREN So
When Phonlns Aak for "The Chutes."
.-•;¦-¦ .. . "
Richard Wagner
. Lecture Recital*. Lyric Hall, by
MHS. RAYMOND BROWN, Piaaista
To-night— TRISTAN AND ISOLDE.
To-mcrrow Nt»ht. "Melstenrtnirer"; Saturday
Matinee. "•Parsifal."
; SEATS— Sue. 73c. II. At Sherman, Clejr 41
Ca.'i, - — . — -> -—
--. ADVEBTISElCByTS. -^
iflBSBmB w *ut h 9 Msr *•£& BW li \i* f////^^. 4 """I
j^^^Track Railway between the J|lm^^^ WJ
j4^yMissouri River and Chicago. |J{^^^^^^^
JurThree Fast Trains^
IS Chicago and East II
li Southorn Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago S North-Wtstcrn Ry*. M B
%y&< Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment JylB
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; fflj&r
\w i@l For sleeping car reservations, tickets and information /£& M
|g^N^^ apply to agents Southern Pacific Co., or to jSr^Bf
*fi^/\^. R- R - RITCHIE. CenertI Ajeat. /BrjB&r
£ NOHTH-WESTERH ™'^@rj§T VFirst Race— Totmsr Pepper, Vljroroso,
North. West.
Second Kace— Meada, X.ig-ht -of Day,
Ednardo.
Third Race — Criss Cross, ; Maraschino.
Harka. \
Fonrth Bace — Ahumada, Jockey Club,
First Chip.
Tltth Bace — Oalanthus, Silurian. Fat
Morrissey. -
Sixth Bace— OcjTohe, Z.etola, Hulford.
PROBABLE WINNERS.
i FRESNO; March 23. — Portland and
Tacoma meet here to-morrow after
noon at 3, o'clock for the opening
baseball game of the season. Great in
terest Is manifest in the contest here
and a big crowd is expected. There
will be a street parade, followed by
ceremonies at the new ball park,
where George W. Cartwright will de
liver an oration on baseball. Mayor
•L:O. Stephens will toss the first ball
over the plate. .
Baseball at Fresno.
Fleetest of Hounds Are DraWn To
gether In the First* Round of.,
the Event. •
A reserve stake, with j sixty-four
greyhounds entered, will be the card
on Sunday at Union Coursing Park.
In the draw last night New Home Boy,
the Los Angeles flyer, was matched
with Rector, while Rubber Ankles will
meet Lord Brazen. The complete
draw follows:
Terah vi. John Hernan. McVey v*. Mollie
Me. Racing Auto vs. Shadow, Barefoot Boy
vs. Hudson, Colored Lady vs. Loretta, *Zi.
tenola v«. Rocker Arm. Creswlck vs. Tralee
Boy. Idaho Boy vs. Apple Blossom, Aggie W
vs. Humbug Real Article vs. RockUn Bov.
Lord Granard v«. Gambit, Rubber Ankles vs
Lord Brazen. Tralee Las., V8 . Frank D .
Troublesome ve. Sacramento Boy Star Svl
yanus vs. Ruby Sankey. Vandal vs. Queen's
i Uot l2: DjjbAllow vs. Liberator. Texas Mamie
. vs. The Referee. Wave of Fortune vs PeDner
| Jack. Rolla Wells v.. Fr*e Born? Tmie Rvs
McHenry, New Home Boy ?«. Rector. Mel!In
wood vs. Uonnybrook, Menlo Prince vs Med
ley, Pepper Hill. vs. Empire Boy, High Born
vs. Lost Chord, Frisky Barbara vs. Concord
Tralee, Game Boy vs. Bonnie Pasha Texas
Hoo Hoc vs Roy Hughle, General Dewet vs
Red Rock. Friendless Boy vs. Honest John
Our Minnie, vs. Cloverdale. . ¦_ "'
RESERVE STAKE ARRANGED
FOR UNION COCRSIXG PARK
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling. - '.
6413 'Dusty Miller (Sheridan) ...101
'....'¦ 'Orchan ¦ (Edgewood Farm) 94
6391'gcherzo (Pueblo Stable) ..." :....10fi
G402 'Ocyrohe (Coffey) ...;... . . . .'..107
6411 'Hulford (Stover) ..104
6402 *Letola (Jennings & Co.)... ......... 90
• - , / ' '
•Apprentice allowance.
Fifth race — One mile and fifty yards; four
year-olds and ¦ up; selling. .
C427 'Flaneur (McCafferty) . . V. 104
, 0389 Boutonnlere (Jones) . .' 104
(J413 'Silurian (Lamasney Bros.)... f>0
(C424)Captlvate (Bianchl & Co.)....... 107
C377 Pat Morrlssey (Wcllman) T09
6427 »GaIanthus (Coftey) .101
6427 Crlss Cross (Hayes) .....112
C3!)0 Lozano (Leach) :........ Ill
63ti2 St. Rica (Murphy) ....*... I .106
Fourth race — Futurity course; three-year
olds and upr selling..
(C3«6)Flrst Chip (Fitzgerald). .....;.. 109
0113 J«ckey Club (Fisher).... 109
6425 Ahumada (Kyle) ..104
6125 Albula (Lamasney Bros.)..... 113
(0402)Mlsty'« : Pride (Jones) .:.......... 104
6305 Venator (Rowell) ....'..... .V. 101
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., March 23.—
Abe Attel to-night knocked out Mor
ris Rausch in] the sixth round at the
Whittington, Park Athletic . Club.
At tel Knocks Out Rausch.
on this fight than he has placed on hUs
chances in any previous ring engage
ment.
The demand for seats at Harry Cor
bett's continues brisk. There will be
kfl. large delegation from Denver, Cor
bett's home town, at the ringside and
other parts of the country will also be
v.-el! represented.
" BERKELEY, March 23. — In a game
replete with clever fielding and heavy
batting the University of California
baseball team succeeded in defeating
the alumni team to-day by a score of
3 to l.^The varsity showed great im
provement over its performances of
last week. West of the dental col
lege was tried out in the box for the
first time, pitching four innings. He
held the alumni down to five hits. At
that point Heitmuller, the -regular
varsity pitcher, replaced him and fin
ished the game. His work for a
while was a little wild, but he soon
steadied down 'and pitched good ball.
Bliss' place behind the bat was taken
by Strub, anotrier dental college man.
Four former captains of varsity
nines played on the alumni . team.
They were Goslinsky, Elston, Hoag
and Hamlln. Parker, a former Stan
ford pitcher, did the twirling for the
alumni.
Berkeley Nine Defeats Alumni.
The prelimTtiary game on Sunday will
be between Henry Corey and Jimmy
White vs. Joe Collins and Mldgy Ma
guire. The second Sunday Corey and
Louis Levy will play Joe Condon and
Al Leach of the St. Ignatius Athletic
Club, v i- «^;
James Fitzgerald, the world's cham
pion handball player, and Michael Egan
of Jersey City, challenger, will meet
in the Olympic Club court on Sunday
afternoon in a contest for supremacy.
This match has attracted widespread
Interest among devotees of the old Iiish
game. The players are the foremost
exponents of the pastime, and in order
to see them perform the members of
the club and many outsiders have will
ingly paid $5 a seat, jj
Egan was brought out from the East
for the match and the victor will be
the acknowledged world's champion.
Egan recently went to Ireland and de
feated Twcrhill, the greatest player in
the Emerald Isle. Since his return he
has beaten Keegan of Chicago and
other experts and believes he can take
Fitzgerald's measure at the game. He
is a powerfully built young man and
drives the ball with incredible speed.
Fitzgerald has been on this coast for
the past year and during his stay he
has shown his skill by defeating Al
Hampton, Collins, Jimmy White, Midgy
Maguire, Henry Corey, Jack Bonnet,
Louis Levy and J. C. Nealon, two at a
time. He is in superb condition for
the match and is sanguine he will re
tain his laurels.
The men. will begin play at 1:30 p. m.
Sunday and will play seven games. In
order to win the title the victor must
capture eight out of fifteen games.
They will play two Sundays.
Al Hampton will referee the match.
Ex-Alderman Dunne of Brooklyn will
be the scorer. The games are open to
any outsiders who are willing to pay
the high price of admission.
Fitzgerald and Egan Arc
Ready to Contest for Cham
pionship of the World
Racing at Little Rock
T,1TTLE ROCK. Ark.. March 23.— Results:
First race, four furlongs^ — Tommy CVHara
w6n. Victor B second, Eckstein third. Time.
:50" 4 .
Second race, six furlongs — Lajra Hunter
won. February Blue second, Bandello third.
Time. l:17-«i.
Third race— Five and a half furlongs, selling
— Lenox won, CJirton Boy second. ' Polly Hill
third. Time. l:rj.
itourth race, sfx furlongs, handicap — Ira Ben
nett won. Martius second Joe Goss third
Time. 1:17%.
Fifth race, live and a half furlongs, selling—
Budweiser won. Dick Hipley second. Countess
Clare third. Time, 1:11.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Wel
come Light won. Caithness second, Henry of
Franstamar third. Time. l.-W-i-
Football Coaching Board Meet*.
BERKELEY. March 23.— The newly
created football coaching board of the
University of California held a meeting
this morning, which was attended by
several of the old football managers.
The mistakes made in the last training:
season were discussed at length and
plans evolved for next fall. It Is pro
posed to have as large a corps of as
sistant coaches as possible. Among the
older football men who attended were
Dr. George F. Relnhart and I. J. Muma.
First cl :bman — They say Blurcky
makes money playing poker. I thought
he was too hot-headed for that?
Second clubman — He may be hot
headed, but he generally has cold feet.
OMAHA, Neb. March 23.— Five
fast horses belonging to M. J. Daly's
string, en route from San Francisco
to Memphis, were unloaded here to
day, suffering: from shipplnsr fever.
Weather Gauge, a stallion, died, and
Gold Edge, a valuable horse. Is not
expected to live. The other three are
not seriously affected. .
T>aly Loses a Race Horse.
DHJiOX Wlljlt PliAV.
LOS ANGELES, March 23.— The base
ball season will open in this city to
morrow, and the Oakland team will be
the first to meet the champions of the
season of 1903. The usual demonstra
tion will«occur in the form of an auto
mobile parade, and there will be an ex
odus from the City Hall about 2 o'clock.
All the city and county officials have
been invited to attend as the guests of
the^management, and. most of them
have accepted.
There is much speculation to-night as
to what will happen when Captain Dil
lon attempts to play In to-mvrow's
game. Manager Morley authorized the
Associated Press to say that Dillon will
play to-morrow even in the face of
President Bert's ultimatum.
Physician Is Arrested.
Dr. J. M. Brown, a specialist, with
offices at 6 O'Farrell street, was ar
rested last night by Patrolman Mills
and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of distributing obscene litera
ture. He was subsequently released
on bail.
HANDBALL HEN
IN BIG MATCH
SACRAMENTO, March 23.— The Seat
tle baseball team defeated the Chicago
National League team' at Oak Park to
day by a score of 8 to 2. It was a bril
liant game. Barber and Williams
pitched for Seattle and" did great work
in the box. Wicker, Weimer and Briggs
officiated for Chicago. The Chicago men
were greatly surprised by the showing
made by Seattle. The score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 11—2 8 0
Seattle 2 0 0 2 1 3 0 0 x— 8 11 O
Defeats the Crack Chicago Players
AIiuli to Their Surprise.
SEATTLE NINE WINS.
OAKLAND SAOETBACX WEDNESDAY, March 23. — Weather fine. Track
muddy.
0434. FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlonge; telling; Vyear-olds; value to first. ?325.
Index Horte and Owner. WtlSt. \i'. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. [ Op. Cl.
6412 Foxy Grandpa (Mrs. * Coffey) . 105 4 8n 4 2JS3 2 2 1^1 Vi Travers ... 7-JO 7-10
(6363) Inspector Munro (T Fox) 110 3 2 % 24 2 V, 32 22 J. Martin.. 3 4
6422 Homeric (Judtre & "Co.) 108 11 1*41 % 1 H41 H « 4 . I. Powell... .30 20
C412 Jack Little (W P Fine).... 103 5 4 1^5 20 5 40 5 50 4 a; Bonner f» &
C412 [Midway (Piedmont "Stable).... 86 6 5 1%3 n 4 1 4n SCO J. Kelly.... 40 75
frSSS iMendota (Napa Stock <Karm) 96 2 6 6 6 H 6 ,- G. Bullman 100 150
Time— :25.. :52V4, 1:274 *t post Vt minute" Off at 2:12. Grandpa, place. 1-5; show,
out. Munro, place' 9-10- show 1-4. Homeric, show 3-2. Winner, blh. c. by Loyallst-
Lorena Mac. Trained by J Coffer. Scratched— County Down. Start good. Won easily.
Next two driving hard. F\jxy Grandpa was probably best, but was hard ridden until
last fifty yards. With better handling; Inspector Munro might have won. Homeric tired.
Jack Little ran a grand rac «-~^"*y b *^^^J? e "_J^"]l^
0435. SECOND RACB^-Ftve and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $323.
Index Horse and Owner! Wt|St. Vi . %• %¦ Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
f>310 Sol Llchtensteln. 5 (Romigh). 107 3 ..." 3 h 11 1 1%1 3 % Holbrook .. 7-5 2
(J362 Educate, C (Hegarty & Co.). 105 2 ... 4 n 6 4 % 2 ns J. Martin.. 4 5
G350 Adirondack 4 (Shannon) 107 4 ... 6 3h32 35 Bonner 6 11-2
63SC Pure Dale. 4 (Thoma B & R.) 105 « ... 52 4 n 52 4 %. J. T. Shehn 6 6
6326 Amoruna 4 (P. McGulre)... 06 5 ... 1 1^2 1^2 n r> % Travers ... '10 IS
0386 Tom Mitchell. 4 (G.P McNeil) 104 1 ... 22 52 6 6 Mountain.. 2" 30
0410 My Surprise. 4 (Mounce) 107 Threw rider Otis 5 6
Time— :26^. :54, 1:13%, At post 1H miilutes. Off at 2:39%. Sol. place. 1; show, 1-2.
Educate, place. 2; show. 1. Adirondack, show. 7-10. Winner, blk. p. by St. George-
Ada. * Trained 'by J. Ste'wart. Scratched — Pruewood. Start good. AVon easily. Next
two driving hard. Winner best. If ridden out In front the way she likes to run In
stead of being rated Educate had a chance. Adirondack ran to form. Pure Dale has
gone back. Amoruna quit.
6436. THIRD RACE: — Six furlongs; selling; 4 -year-olda and up: value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt St. % . 14. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(GU0) Quiz II. 6 (C. McCafferty).... 104 2 .... l^ln In 11 C. Smith... 11-5 5-2
6390 I Muresca, 5 (Mrs. Miller) 105 4 ... 48 2 >-i 3 4. 2 3',i J Martin.. 8-6 8-5
• Fiorestan, 4 (F N. Hayes).. 109 5 ... 6 3 5 4 4 2 3n Mountain .. 7 12
C310 Ballroom Belle. 4 (Josephs).. 100 1 ... 2 % 3 2 2 h 4 12 Knapp 4 9-2
Sllf. Montoya. 5 (L. C. Schroder). 102 3 ... 3 % 4 3 B 0 R 4 J. Jones 20 -50
3925 IWolhurst. a (Kronnlk Co.).. 102 6 ... 6 6 6 6 |Travers ... 8 8
Time — :25, :51. 1:20. At post 3^ minutes. Oft at 8:06^. Quiz, .place. 7-10; show. out.
Muresca. place. 3-5; show 1 out. Florestan, show. 2. Winner, b. g. by St. Florian-
Queenstown. Trained by C. McCafferty. Scratched— Rollick, Col Van. Start good. Won
easily. Next two driving. Sticky going just Quiz. If off in front Muresca
might have put up a stiffer argument. . Florestan ran fair race. Ball room Belle quit.
Wolhurst not ready. *Los Angeles index 6301.
O437. FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles'; hndcp.; 3-yr.-olds & up; to first. $S00.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt|St. \\ . V,. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op.' Cl.
6403 Warte Nicht. 4 ( Wilkerson) . . 106 2 4^2n 1%1 1^1 ?4 Knapp .... 8-5 11-5
5969 Ben MacDhui. 6 (P. Ryan).. 106 1 8 1>43 11J2 »i 2 2 2 % J. Martin.. « 16-5
(C25T) Grafter. 6 (Blasingame Bros.) 106 5 1 S^l 3 3 1}£3 n/3 1 Crosswaite 5 »
(0365) Horatius, 4 (J J. McAlester) 113 3-5 5 5 4*% 4 3»4 I. Powell... 4 9-2
MKi Keynote. 5 (J. A. Kyle)...... 06 4 2 244436 5 IBonner | 5 4
Time — :26. :S2, 1:20. 1:48^4. 1:55'{. At post Vt minute. Off at 3:33%. Warte Nicht.
place, 7-10; show. 1-4. MacDhui. place, 6-5; show. 3-5. Grafter, show. 4-5. WinnerT
ch. h. by Forjso-Lucasta. Trained by P. J. Cooper. Start good. Won in a drive of four.
Going suited winner and was well ridden. Ben MacDhui hung when it looked as if
• he might v.-in. Grafter quit early. Horatius was bumped at- the first turn and the
going did not suft him. Keynote outclassed.
643$. FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. V* . '/a- %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C283 Byronerdale 4 (J. M. Crane). 97] 4 2 1^3 1%2 % 3 1^1 n Travers ... 3 11-5
(6400) Mr. Farnum. 4 (McCafferty).. 97| 5 11 12 1 liAl 1%2 4 C Smith... 8-5 5-2
6400 The Fretter a (F. O'Rourke). 106 14n44 4 0 2 n ." 4 Buxton 4 7
«400 Fllle d'Or, a (G. D. Kinyon). 100 3 3 3 2 n 3 n 4 4 4 4}t. J. T Shehn 5 7
«413 Chickadee 5 (S Rafour) 1104 6 6 6 6 B 6 5 2 Knapp »i 10
(CraSOlBilly Moore, a (T. T. RectoDjlOl 2 54 5 3',*5 5 6 0 Mountain .. 10 8
.Time— :20, :53, l:20Vj' U4B\ii 2:03. At post IVi minutes. Off at 3:58^. Byronerdale.
place, 4-5; show. 1-3. Farnum. place. 4-5; show. 1-3. Fretter. show. 4-5. Winner,
b. g. by Jim Gore-Briganza. Trained by J. Dixon. Start good. Won in a drive of
three. Travers rode a well-judged race on winner. Mr. farnum might have won If
Smith had not drawn his whip. The Fretter cut off and badly ridden. Fille d'Or In
bad going. Chickadee a gold brick.
<S43». SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; purse; 3- year-olds; value to first. 5325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. U. V 3 - %. Str. Fin. Jockey. ! Op. Cl.
1 I - -^^— — — — — — . ¦
(6413)!Gateway (T. W. Lottridge) . . .1109 3 ... 3 2 1 1^1 2 1 l%|Orosswalte 10 8
6415 Celebrant (Hamilton Stable). . 11131 2 ... 4 % 4 2^2 12 8 Spencer ... 7-10 7-10
6.-.07 lAtwood (C. T. Hemingray). ..11121 6 ... 2 •% 2 2 4 1 K7 fj. Jones.... 4 7
U173 JAnanias (J. F. Schorr) 1112! 4 ... In 3 n 3^4 2'^IReed 4 7
6402 |The Hawaiian (McCafferty). .11001 5 ...'(> 6 5552 IBonncr 10 3
.6271 ILouis Me (F. " Devin) jllll 1 ... 5 h 5 % 6 6 (A. Powell.. 1C0 200
Time — :2C»-i :52, 1:15. At post l!i minutes. Oft at 4:24Vi. Gateway, place. 5-2; show,
.1-5. Celebrant place, 1-3; show. out. Atwood. show, 3-5. Winner, br. g. by Del Paso-
Seco Trained 'by T. W. Lottridge. Start good. Won in a drive of two. Third etop
plng.' Spencer on Celebrant laid away, permitting Crosswaite to steal the race. At
wood can do bettfr on a fast or sloppy track. Ananias quit very early. The Hawaiian
outclassed.
Tim McGrath. v.hu was a passenger
in the car, said he was glad he was
not the man who had posted Corbett's
J2500 forfeit guaranteeing his appear
ance in the ring. The champion is &
daring chauffeur and the way he drove
that car was startling. It seems a
safety valve for his surplus energy and
gives him some exciting recreation.
The betting seemed to reach its level
yesterday when the odds settled at 10
to 6, with Corbett favorite. This was
the prevailing price throughout the
afternoon and evening and some of the
authorities on betting believe these
figures will remain unchanged. There
is more Corbett money than Britt
money in sight, but the men who want
to wager it refuse to accept less than
6 to 10. It is the opinion of many ex
perts that the latter is a false price'
and that the legitimate odds should be
S to 10.
Each boxer is betting on himself,
Biitt sending in a larger commission
The utmost secrecy is still maintained
about his weight, but, like Jimmy Britt,
he expects to retire to-night at weight.
This means both boxers brill take but
gentle exercise to-morrow to keep them
at the required figure.
Corbett expected to meet Harry Pol
lock, his manager, who was due from
New York last night. The train was
twenty hours late, thus making him
duo here this afternoon. After Corbett
finished his work yesterday he dressed
himself warmly and came into town in
hiR automobile.
BETTING SETTLES DOWN.
Corbett looked better yesterday than
at any time since he first appeared on
this coast. He seemed fairly bursting
with health and with good nature. His
eyes were sparkling and his flesh had a
ruddy glow. He went at his work with
a vim, having lost the lackadaisical air
vrlth which he was accustomed to per
form his gymnasium work when train-
Ing for other fights.
He apparently feels his future is
Flaked on this fight, and he is leaving
nothing undone to fit himself for what
appears the hardest battle of his career.
A big crowd visited Corbett's quar
ters at the beach yesterday. In the
morning Corbett went the entire length
of the park and return, a distance of
about ten mn>s. He alternated his pace
between jogging and sprinting and fin
ished in good shape. From the way he
bundled himself up for his gymnasium
¦work in the afternoon it was evident
he wanted to take off some weight. He
also had the stove in the gymnasium
contributing toward the warmth of the
occasion.
COUBETT'S VISITORS
Jimmy Britt and Young Corbett each
put in a good day's work yesterday and
pleased their admirers with the man
ner In which they went throuch their
paces.
It is the consensus of opinion among
men well Qualified to judge that no
two athletes ever approached a ring con
test In better condition than these two
boye are in. Britt's friends do not try
to conceal their delight in his condi
tion. He seems to be getting down to
the reauired weight without sacrificing
any of his strength, but rather build-
Ing up in hitting power and activity.
If nothing goes amiss with him until
he appears et Woodward's Pavilion to
morrow nicht he will have no excuses
to offer in case of defeat. He was never
in such condition before. He Is hover
ing close to the ISO-pound mark, and
could easily reach it within a few
hours if necessary. His spirits are of
the best, and with the battle of his
career but forty-eight hours awav he
if as confident as ever he wa* when
ready for his past encounters. His
work yesterday was practically the
same as th» programme he has pursued
during the week — a run on the road In
the morning and several hours of light
exercise in the gymnasium in the after
noon, followed by a rub down and a
star chamber lecture from Spider
Kelly, Jimmy's head trainer. An air
of hopefulness pervades the Britt
camp, and all of those who have as
sisted and watched Jimmy in his train
ing course say he will etep into the
ring to-morrow night prepared to bat
tle any man of his weight to a finish.
Referee. Dy»r: judges at finish — W. |J. Ma
iree. R. H. .Rhodes. Koch; timers— Colonel C.
C. Edward* and Al Norton; Inspectors — Force.
Parker and Curtis; field juries — Al Flaw anj
Roy Woolspy; starter. A. Cadojran; clerk of
course. Powell: announcer. Ixm Kennedy.
Two-mile run — TJbbltts '05 and Hackley "05
dead heat. Wheeler '<:« third. Time. 10:43 1-5.
Hammer throw — Won by Sperry '07. distance
ir»7 feet 7 inches; Zacharlas second, Elliott
third.
High jump — "won by Abbott '04. height 5 feet
10V; Inches; Cooley second. Boynton third.
Shot put — Won by Sperry . TW. distance 43
feet 3 Inches (college record): Gllmer* '0* w<-
ond. distance 3I> reet 1 inch; Llgda 'OS third,
distance ;>S feet 5 \-'-i inches.
Broad jump — V.'on by Snedigw '04. distance
21 feet *i inch; Neighbor '05 second. 21 fe«t
inch; Boynton third. 20 feet 6 Inches.
Pole vault— Won by Wilcox '04. 11 fuet;
Pymmes "04 second. 10 feet 6 inches; Schults
third, 10 feet 4 inches.
The following officials acted at the
meet:
100-yard dash— First heat won by Abadle "M.
Lipman "ftt second. Jewell '06 third. TIm<»,
:10 4-5. Second lieat won by Snediger '04. IJc
da '04 second. Jones '06 third. Time, :10 3-Ji.
Third h«-at wdn by I.asat*»r 'C6, Van Pa"t '07
second. Allen 'or. third. Tim*. :10U-3. Final
heat won by Abadi* '04. Srtertigar '04 second
La*ater '0t> third. Time, :IO2-.V
220-yard dash— First heat won by KIr.spn 'QG.
Jewell "06 second. Time, :25 3-5. Sr<*onfl
h<<at. Johnston '04 and Zachariaa '07 tic. Tim*.
:2S 3-5. Third heat won by SnMlgar '*H.
Prerao "06 second. Ttm<\ :25. Final h»at won
by Snedt;;ar *fM. Zacharias '07 second, Johnston
"04 third. Tlm<\ :2.1.
220-yard hurdles — Won by Hume '07 Meany
'04 second. Frei '06 third. Tlm«\ :Z0.
120- yard hurdles— Won by Hume '07 Frei
'00 second. Lynch 'P6 thlrrl. Time, :17 3-5.
440-yard run— Won by Kprn '07. Ttaward "Ott
second, Clifford '<H third. Tlm<", :Si 1-5.
880-yard run— Won by Clifford '07. Mishler
'05 necond, Ilanna "07 third. Time. 2:11.
Mile run. — Won by Xewhall *0r». Lyons 06 sec
ond. Moody '06 thlni. Time. 4:55.
Clifford carried off all the glory In th«
880-yard run. Mishler pulled up at ths
post a good second, and Ilanna arrived
with third honors. In the final of the
220-yard hurdle Frel was winning by a
block, but fell down at the last hurdle.
Hume and Meany then passed him
without any difficulty.
Trainer Walter Christie was well sat
isfied with the showing made by the
men. They have had little or no prac
tice, as the track has been covered with
water most of the time. Some promis
ing youngsters were brought out. and It
is expected many of them will perform
in good style when the Intercollegiate
meet is held. Summary:
A large field waa entered In the two
mile race. The finish of this event was
a hot one, Tibbitts and Hackley running
a dead heat, with Wheeler third by sev
eral lengths. Johnston and Zacharlaa
also tied for first place in the third heat
of the 220-yard dash, which was finally
won by Snedigar. with Zacharlas sec
ond and Johnston third.
The college championship field day at
the University of California track yes
terday afternoon was not a brilliant
event by many lengths. The cinder
path was slow and mushy and the ath
letes had a hard time In getting over
the ground, so there was not a chance
of breaking any running records.
A fairly good crowd was In attend
ance, and the favorites were cheered
when they came home first In any of
the various events. A large number of
men were entered, and some of the fin
ishes were close and exciting. The only
notable performance of the day was
that of Sperry. who put the shot 43 feet
and 2 inches, breaking the college rec
ord.
Homage, at 3 to 1, won the first rac«
from Innsbruck, with Little Secret
third.
The two-year-old event furnished a
surprise, Speaker Fontana winning
easily from Devon B, and Sinicado, the
7 to 10 favorite, was third.
Eugenie B, favorite for the third race
over the Slauson course, led all the way
and won by a nose from Barrington,
with Foncasta third.
The fourth race was the best of the
day, every horse receiving support from
the talent. Labor was heavily played
at 11' to 5 and Best Man at 2 to 1. Many
fancied Straggler at 5 to 1, while Dur
bar arid Buccleuth were not without
backers at sixes. Straggler went to the
front at the start and won all the way.
Buccleuth, from a poor start, ran a
good race \ and finished second, ahead
of Best Man.
Redan stepped the Slauson course in
1:11% in the fifth race, winning handily
from Agnes Mack at 50 to 1, with Pri
vateer, the favorite, third.
Merwan took the last event, leading
all the way and beating Erie and Mr.
Robinson in the order named. Merwan
was 4 to J in the betting.
Weather fine, track good. Results:
¦ E . F . ir ? t race - °n R mile, selling— Homage, 105
U-elcnt), o to 1, won; Innsbruck, 110 (Waldo),
fL to }• *«"°nd: Uttl* Secret. 108 (Dugan).
100 to 1, third. Time. 1:4S. Honduran. Capitol,
Lurdan. Tinfr-a-Mne. Paddy B. Picture Ad
metus. Emir and Major Dixon also ran.
fc-pcond race, four furlonga, two-year-old
maidens, purse — Speaker Kontana. 108 (Booker)
5 to I, won; Devon B. 105 (Phillip*); 15 to 1,
jjecond; Sinicado. 108 iBoland), 7 to 10 third.
Time, :50. St. Dixie, Herthu*. Auro and Rubl
ena also ran.
Third race, Slauson cours». purie — Eugenie
K. 83 <J. Booker). 5 to 2. won; Harrington, IPO
• Johnson). 5 to 1, second; Foncasta. 104
jFeicht). 3 to I. third. Time. 1:12. Mistletide.
Pat Bulger and Atlantico also ran.
Fourth race, mile and sixty yards. selling-
Straggler, 101 (Dugan). 5 to 1. won: Buccleuth.
100 (Lawrence). 6 to ], second; Beat Man. m
(Anderson), 2 to 1. third. Time, 1:46. Durbar
Labor and Blue Miracle also ran.
Fifth race, Slauson course, selling — Redan.
11. < Prior). 7 to 2. won; Agnes Mack. 10S
(Dugan). £>U to 1. second : NervatorT^ll (Bo
i?"ttL i 3 ,5° 10 - thln3 - Tlm '> *:U%. Dome
AVpithoff, Nanon and Susie Christian also ran.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selltng —
Merwan. 99 (Jackson), 7 to 2. won; Erne, 102
iFeicht). 2 to 1, second; Mr. Robinson, If 3
• Booker). 6 to 5. third. Time, 1:51. Dr.
bhorb, L'lm, Plan and Dug Martin also ran.
LOS ANGELES, March 23.—Notwith
standing a rainfall amounting to two
and a half inches last night, the Ascot
track was in fine shape this afternoon,
and the time made under the conditions
was remarkably fast. A good pro
gramme furnished a fine day's sport
and. the talent was successful In most
cases. Favorites were not generally suc
cessful; but there was a strong play on
the liberal priced second and third
choices.
As usual, the remarkable Rube
Waddell is in trouble. He evidently
forgets he has signed up with Portland
and no one knows his whereabouts.
But nevertheless Rube cannot play
hall • elsewhere. He will probably
make a_Jively move within the next
I few days, for he has been in eclipse
I for a lone time.
The Oakland grounds will not be
ready for two weeks yet, so the games
next Sunday morning and Tuesday
afternoon will be played on the old
field at Golden Gate. Umpire Colgan
is ill and did not report, so Jack Mc-
Carthy has kindly consented to act
in his stead. He will judge the initial
game this afternoon. The teams will
line ud as follows:
San Francisco. Positions. Seattle.
Leahy Catcher Blankenship
Whalen or Hughes. Barber
Yerkes Pitchers or Williams
llassey Finst base Brasher
Andersen Second base Mohler
Irwin Third base Delehanty
Schmeer ;. ShortEtop Hall
Hlldebrand IWt field Frisk
'Waldron Center fiold Van Haltren
Meany Right field Smith
WADDELL. IX TROUBLE.
The balance of the team* is fairly
i well known. Second Baseman Andy
Anderson and Shortstop Claude
Schmeer performed for Portland last
year and everybody knows them. Hil
debrand learned how to play the
game under the watchful eye of
Hank and has returned unto the fold
after straying away. Waldron, Yerkes
and Bert Jones are the strangers, but
I Uncle assures us they will not be
j strangers long, for each man is cap
able of doing what is right In his re
spective line.
Manager Morley of the Los Angeles
I team will not be allowed to play Dil-
I Ion to-day. President Bert notified
I him last night that he could not use
j the big first baseman unless he could
; show the latter had been released by
I Hanlon of Brooklyn. Manager Harris
notified President Ferrall of the Na
tional Association that his claim on
Grauchnaur still held and therefore
the latter will not be permitted to play
ball any place but in San Francisco.
There are a few members of the
j home team who will be well and fa
j vorably remembered. For instance,
; Tommy Leahy, who played the best
1 ball of any backstop in the league last
¦ year. Then there are Captain Char
i ley Irwin, silent Pat Meany, the mild
} mannered Jimmy Whalen and •*" cute
j Winnie Cutter. These men are looked
upon as top liners and much will de
1 pend on their work during the season.
Everything looks right for a good
and a prosperous ball season. The
teams appear evenly matched and the
race gives promise of developing into
an exciting affair. San Francisco made
good against the mighty Chicago Na
tional Leaguers last Monday and if
they are able to keep up a stride like
that there may be danger of the pen
nant landing here.
Seattle is represented by a team of
sluggers. Each man on the team,
with a couple of exceptions. Is noted
for his ability to line 'em out, and if
the home pitchers do not look wise
there is every likelihood of big do
ings to-day.
OLD-TIME FAVORITES.
There will be no parade, but simply
a ball game, and the management
"fcays it will be a dream. James Wha
len or Stanley Yerkes are carded to
twist 'em for Uncle, and either Jimmy
Hughes, Xick Williams or "Bay Rum"
Barber will perform for Park Wilson's
colts.
The merry music of the base hit
and the zing of the ball against the
mitt will be in order to-day at the
Eighth-street ball park, after an ab
sence of four months, an absence that
has made the heart of the faithful fan
grow fonder. S:Cn Francisco will line
up against Seattle and the game will
be called at 3 o'clock, if the rain does
not Interfere.
Both Expect to Be at the
Kequired Figure When
Thev Betire To -Night
Takes the Two-Year-Old
, Event Cleverly From De
von B and Sinicado
3fany Players of High
Class Will Perform in
the Pacific Coast League
Tihbitts and Hackley Are
Tied for First Place in
Exciting: Two Mile Kace
31AXY CLOSE FINISHES
Third race— -Sir and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up; sell ing:
6316 Bocus Bill . (Capps).'.'. 'ill
6374 *Bob Palmer (Coulter) .......,.;.. lew
Km Maraschino (Smith) 108
«42« Blondura (Devin) •....; .....1OG
6374 »H. P. Kane (Green):.. jfia
6K82 Edra (Rowley) «. , lod
6412 Harka (Wellman> «.' .;.;;..... no
•422 *Mles May Bowdlsh ' (Blaslngame).... 85
Second race— Four furlonra; two-year-olds;
sfclling" -.\
6423 Hooliran (Fountain) Ufi
£292 Eduardo (Stover) .. 113
6423 'Light of Day (Coffey) 9.8
((•42.1)Escobosa (Stewart & Co.)....; io.">
6329 Meada (Bianchl & Co.) 1O5
«5S7 'Pirelia (Miller) .. . 115
First rac«— Six and a hall "furlong;? ; three
year-olds and up; selling::
IK218 Doris (Jones) 90
63U2 Key Hooker (Smith).. .IOC
6374 Elmer L, (Klunder)... IDs
«422 Hocarth (Carmody) 92
6271 'Young Pepper (O'Rourke) .. .. oa
6230 Lou Clieveden (McDowell) ..101
C2C8 The Mlll'r ((McNeil) .lot!
6362 *Vig;oroco (Appleby) -. . . .<*9s
6376 North West (Clifford). 90
6158 Emll (Williams) 101
K23O 'Mesto (Wilson) ©8
Business continues good at Oakland,
as twenty-two books again cut in yes
terday. Jim Neil concluded to take a
rest after laying prices Since the open
ing of the season.
"Doc" Kyle sold Lady Atheling to T.
McLaughlin yeBterday.
The pony race set for Saturday, with
W. S. Hobart's Silver Dick, Rudolph
Spreckels' Becky and Paul Clagstone's
Miss Miller as starters, has been post
poned until April 2, the conditions call
ing for a fast track. Willie See will ride
Miss Miller and Jack Martin has been
engaged to pilot Silver Dick.
Bookmaker Joe Rose, who was a big
loser up to the last, race, took a hard
fall out of Celebrant, cleaning up $4000.
Aptos Stock Farm suffered a severe
loss yesterday in the , death of the
promising yearling colt by Cresceus,
dam Venus II. Great things were pre
dicted j for this son of the champion
trotting stallion. It is said his owner
refused an offer of $25,000 for him.
G. A. Wahlgreen, secretary of the
Overland Park Association, Denver, is
here on a business trip. The Colorado
Derby will be a big event this year and
Toledo will be among the starters.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Charley McCafferty*s Mr. Farnum
failed to make it three straight, losing
the mile and a furlong event to
Byronerdale. The former horse open
ed up favorite,^ but the play on Byron
erdale was such a steady one that the
Crane entry had the call around post
time. As usual Mr. Farnum went out
in front and stayed there until the
paddock was approached, when Trav
ers, on the favorite, drew up danger
ously close and Smith on the pace
maker drew his whip. Byronerdale
then won out in a reck finish. The
Fretter took the show after "much ill
racing luck.
Henrj^ Spencer, the original "Ice
man," did the books an unintentional
favor by getting beaten astride the
7 to 10 favorite, Celebrant, in the clos
ing Futurity cpurse sprint. Henry
plainly displayed a lack' of practice,
riding a poor race. He let his mount
drop back going the first 100 yards.
In the run to the wire he was unable
to overhaul the 10 to 1 outsider, Gate
way, ridden by Crosswaite, and, finish-,
Ing down in the trench # next the out
side fence, was defeated by more than
a length. Eight lengths farther back
Atwood dropped into the show.
XOTES OF THE TRACK.
Four favorites tied up at their moor
ings first, and until the downfall of
Celebrant the books were all far be
hind financially. The handicap attract
ed a large attendance. ;
Foxy Grandpa at 7 to 10 was the first
favorite to step over the plate in front.
The black colt seemingly outclassed his
company, but was well hustled
throughout by Travers, finally beating
Inspector Munro half a length. Ho
meric, at odds of 30 to 1, ran third.
Jack Little ran a poor race under Bon
ner's guiding hand.
Following this came the very easy
win of Sol I,ichtenstein. The black
gelding is a heavy headed individual,
and as it was thought that Holbrook
might prove too light to manage him
the odds went from 7 to 5 to 12 to 5.
Sol had the lead before the stretch
was reached and won under reefed sails
from Educate. Pure Dale again dis
played a lack of staying qualities, los
ing the show to Adirondack. Otis was
thrown from the back of My Surprise
at the start, escaping without injury.
No doubt the presence in the saddle
of Jack Martin caused Muresca to be
installed an 8 to 5 favorite for the third,
a six-furlong selling sprint. The mare
shines on a sloppy track, but the
go-Ing yesterday was too heavy and
holding, with a result that C. Smith on
Quiz II, the second choice, scored an
easy first. Florestan finished third,
more than three lengths behind the
first choice. Wolhurst went to the post
for the first time in many moons, look
ing big and high. He could not scare
up a gallop.
JIK. FARXUM FAILS.
FOUR FAVORITES liAXD.
"Big BJH" Knapp, seated on the back
of Puerl Wilkerson'8 Warte Nicht, cap
tured the $1000 handicap, over one and
a sixteenth miles, decided yesterday at
Oakland track. Warte Nicht carried 10G
pounds, and as he was always partial
to heavy going and the footing was
holding enough to pull the plates from
the horses' hoofs the son of Fonso ruled
the favorite.
P. Ryan brought Ben MacDhui out of
retirement, and he had the second call.
Horatius and Keynote were also well
bet on. Grafter for a third of the route
cut out the running. Then Knapp urged
the favorite to the front, and, though
Ben MacDhui looked dangerous when
Martin moved with him in tne stretch,
the favorite stood a drive, passing* the
wire in front by three parts of a length;
MacDhui ran second, about the same
distance ahead of Grafter. Horatius re
ceived a severe bump at the first turn
and never showed to any advantage.
ABE NEARLY AT WEIGHT
TEAMS WELL BALANCED
SPEAKER FOXTAXA WEN'S
Spencer Is Beaten
on Celebrant
a at 7 to 10.
ing at Their Quarters
Britt and Corbett Put in
a Very Busy Day Train-
Seattle Will Engage Uncle
Hank's Colts in the Ini
tial Game This Afternoon
Defeats Bucclenth and Best
Man Handily at Good Odds
at Ascot Park Track
Berkeley Athletes Are Hand
icapped by the Sodden
Condition of Their Oval
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
BOXERS APPEAR
IN GREAT FORM
BALL SEASON
OPENS TO-DAY
HANDICAP TO WARTE NICHT
WITH KNAPP IN THE SADDLE
RACING HONORS
FOR STRAGGLER
FIELD EVENTS
ON SLOW TRACK
YOUNG CORBETT IS INSTALLED A 6 TO 10 CHOICE OVER JIMMY BRITT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. THURSDAY, MAKCH 24, 1904.
William Urban k was. arrested last
night by Patrolman James Cullinane
and , his name entered on , the detinue
book^ at the City Prison. He is 'sus
pected .of having stolen > a . diamond
ring from his roommate.
Suspected of. Theft.
Alexander Watson was treated .for a
lacerated head last night at the Har
bor. Hospital.. Watson alleges that
some unknown. man threw a beer bot
tle at him In a saloon on East street.
No one was arrested for the assault.
Cut by Flying ' Bottle.
10
... ' ADVEBTISEMENTS. KISS^
Catarrh is not only a most disgusting and offensive 5? **^ fS \
malady, but when allowed to continue, becomes constitu- vi *t-Jp •
tional. The foul secretions and mucous matter are -H '^^k
absorbed into the blood, and the whole system becomes ¦fjj&fi^^^s-.
infected with the catarrhal poison, and can't be reached
by inhalations, sprays, washes, powders and salves. Only f^^jS^a §§M
a remedy that enters into the circulation and cleanses and
purifies the polluted blood, can cure Catarrh after it gets <£• j£i'& /
to be chronic. It is a disease _ ¦
?v.~«- otfo~i-o «-*,« «i«.TnV.m«*e Gentlemen: I had Catarrh for abont fifteen
that attacks the membranes yoa rs,and no one could have been worse. Itrted
and delicate coverings of all everything: I could hear of, but no good resulted.
fv.«. i ~^;i,r nrn-one Tf ic «nr x ta8n beB:*n S. 8. S., and could see a little im-
the bodily organs, it IS not p rO vemeut Horn the first bottle, and after takinsr
confined to the head, nose and it a short while was cured. This was six years
throat, but the stomach, bow- fig;"* ' « Vi^i^Vi^l^'ti:^
els, kidneys, bladder and npthine on i earth better for the blood than S.S. 8.
other parts of the body are N °*°*y thinks more of S. S. S. than I do.
liable to become involved. **p««M««*. m. matsow.
The catarrhal poison pollutes the blood, and through the circulation contam-
inates everv organ, membrane and tissue of the body. Catarrh affects the
>-^ j^+i general health, injures the digestion, upsets the stom-
frN fO^ CO* adl ' destro >* s the appetite, produces nausea and other
V^y J^Y J-^V miserable symptoms. S. S. S. reaches it through the
£"wjf C^y blood, goes into the circulation and drives out all
v *- 1^ unhealthy accumulations, and when all parts of the
ssytemare receiving a supply of rich, pure blood, the general health is
invigorated, and all the disgusting symptoms of the disease stop. Write
us about your case, and our physicians will advise you free of charge.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
#^ IVIen
m^.. Are
* N^""" : ££f \ \ C:'bVb nteen
i « >-""¦* "O yi'ars of un-
_ _ _ _ , qualified success
Dr. O. C. Joslen. ag a specialist in
The Kcadir.c Specialist. men's diseases juc-
1 tify every claim I
make. I promise
my j>atlents a complete cure In every In-
nance, and in cases where I cannot aafeiy
Miikr this promise I positively refuse to
treat. You take no chances at all.
My fees axe fair; my cures are
perm nn cat, ana yon can pay when
satisfied that yon are well.
I cure Spermatorrhoea, "Weakness,'*
Varicocele, Hydrocele, Contracted Disor-
dTe, Stricture, Specific Blood Poison, Piles
and all Reflex Ailments.
Write for my pamphlet, "lAvm All Tour
Tears a Man." Mailed free. Consultation
free at office or by mall.
DR. 0. cTjOSLEN
Cor. Market and Xearny Streets. -
Private Entrance 70S . Market st.President Sbarboro of Slanufacturers'
and Producers* Association Tells
What It Has Accomplished.
The Manufacturers* and Producers*
Association held its annual meeting at
its rooms in the Mills building yester
day. President Sbarboro presented
his annual report, which showed that
the organization had had an extremely
prosperous year.
The work of the association in se
curing favorable legislation and val
uable Government contracts for Cali
fornia was reviewed. A brief outline
of what resources of California will
be exploited by the display at the St.
Louis Exposition was given and the di
rectors and Secretary Bancroft were
given credit for much of the success
of the year. The association has com
pleted a map illustrative of the per
capita production of this State com
pared with that of the remainder of
the country. This map •will be sent to
the St. Louis fair.
Althof & Bahls, the Bass-Hueter
Paint Company, California Tanning
Extract Company, Eastern Shoe Man
ufacturing Company, Galloway Litho
graphing Company, Lawrence &
Parkhurst, Maskey's and Sherman,
Clay & Co. were elected to member
ship.
The following named officers were
elected for the ensuing year: A. Sbar
boro, president and treasurer; J. P.
Currier, C. R. Allen and A. C. Rulof
son, vice presidents; Charles Ban
croft, secretary; and C. R. Allen, A.
C. Rulofson, W. F. Bowers. W. J.
Casey, C. H. Crocker. J. P. Currier.
Edward Everett, M. J. Fontana, H. B.
Lovelnnd, C. A. Malm and A. Sbar
boro, trustees.
The Right of Way.
The road to wealth is never smooth,
but it can be made less difficult to travel
if or.e starts off properly equipped. The
way to do that is to learn to save, for
once you begin putting: money to one
Fide, it will not be long before you have
fiorjuired. an independence. You may
sturt with fl with the Phoenix Saving's
n. and L. Assn.. 516 California street.
On «rnall accounts is paid 4*6 per cent
«nd on one year terms of $100 or more,
< per- cent; interest payable semi-annu
aliy. A KTiarantef capital of $200,000
mak«>K loss impossible. The subscribed
. capita] is J 8.000.000; the paid in capital.
J3. 000.000. The directors are: A. A.
Watkir.s. Chas. R. Bishop. S. Prentlss
Smith. Clarence Grange. Gavin McNab,
Geo. C. Boardman and Chas. E. Ladd. •
Haberdashers Disagree.
Lucicn Cerf. who, with A. D. Lobree.
conducts a haberdashery at 150 Sixth
street, ye.«lerday filed a suit for a dis
solution of the partnership. He states
that because of differences that have
arisen between him and his partners
5t is no longer possible for them to run
a paying business. He wants a re
ceiver appointed to take charge of the
business pending the court's determi
nation of the suit.
The sailing- of the steamer Slt>eria
yesterday was a gala occasion and the
commodious steamer was packed with
passengers for Honolulu and the
Orient. Many visitors saw their friends
depart, having time to* cook on a gas
range from San Francisco Gas and
Elrctric Company, '415 Post st. •
The rain of yesterday extended
through to Riverside and Southern Cal
ifornia is again happy. Crops are now
assured for- the corning season and
there will be plenty to cook on a gas
range from San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company, 415 Post st. •
the reputed conspiracy. , On six' differ
ent dates specified, between May 28,
1902, and December 18, 1903, it is charged
that he "unlawfully did pay to the said
Woodford D. Harlan" divers sums of
money ranging from $50 to $200 and ag
gregating $850. At different dates he is
also alleged to have made unlawful
payments to William E. Valk amount
ing to $1600. * Most -of these payments
are stated as having been made within
the District of Columbia,
The last eight counts of the indict
ment set forth as many specific acts of
bribery alleged to have been committed
by John A. Benson in. furtherance of
AWIAL HEPORT SHOWS
UXTSUAL PROSPERITY
at 2 o'clock.
The case of Lieutenant Richards will
n<n be taken up for a few days. His at
torneyis have requested twenty days'
time in which to furnish evidence, and
this, the court has under advisement.
made different rates to different people.
Bom was then excused and left the
courtroom.
Attorney Lewis asked the court for
a continuance of two weeks in order
that his client might procure some im
portant evidence from Philadelphia,
which was most essential in the case.
Th<* request was taken under advise
ment, but it wj31 undoubtedly be grant
ed when the court meets again to-day
• Thf court-martial appointed to try
the charges preferred against Lieuten
ant Frederii-k B. Neilson and Lieuten
ant Georpe S. Richards convened yes
terday morning at 10 o'clock in the li
brary at the Presidio. All the officers
were of superior rank to the defend
ants. The full court was in attend
ance, all in full-dress uniform and
jrloved in white. Promptly at the ap
pointed hour Lieutenant Colonel Wil
liam L. Pitcher called the court to
order.
It sat at a long table covered with
legal papers, with Colonel Pitcher at
one end and Captain Clarence E. Dent
ler at the other. At a Email side table
sat Lieutenant Nielson with his two at
torneys, David Lewis and Henry E.
Pillsbury.
Neilson is charged with discounting
one month's pay account to Judah Boas
<f this city and collecting salary from
the. Government for the same month.
Practically the only evidence intro
duced was the testimony of Money
lender Boas, who stated that he had
loaned money to Lieutenant Neilson
upon his pay certificate, and that Neil
ton had promised to redeem the cer
tificate in two months' time. Boas
stated that the two months' time went
by and no money was forthcoming, and
that he thon wrote to the paymaster
in Manila, who replied there must be
fome mistake in the matter. He ad
mitted, however, that the amount of
the face of the note had been paid to
him later, and that at the present mo
ir.ent he held no claims against Lieu
tenant Neilson.
When questioned by the court as to
¦what interest or commission the lieu-
Leouxt agreed to pay to him. Boas
was unable to state. Perhaps it was 2
P<rr cent a month, but he was not sure.
The rourt wanted to know what was
the local rate of interest he was allow
ed to charpe. Boas replied that the le
jral rate was T per cent per annum, but
as there are no usury State laws he
<ould charge what he wanted to. He
An early snowfall was a great benefit
to the people on Dexter and other
creeks. Many who had been unable
before the snow to run their thawers
or hoists started up under favorable
conditions. At the Sugar claim the
Pioneer Company sank a shaft 233 feet
deep and ran two levels. This was
the first time that this system was
brought into use In that locality. Two
distinct pay streaks were reported to
have been uncovered by the Pioneer
Company, and a pay streak was found
where the Bowery claim* joins the Su
gar claim.
On the Dry Creek divide Duggan,
Beach & Connolly have had a force of
men working. Pay dirt, Is, reported to
have been struck In Newton Gulch.
The Nome News of December 25 re
ported that a large number .of men
were, at that date, engaged in active
operations. Mining men on Nikkala
Gulch reported that their ground is
"spotted," but they expect results in
the long run. . fc
A large amount of # work has been
performed on Hastings Creek. The ope
rators think that they have discovered
the old channel. A considerable amount
of new ground has been opened up.
Old mining locations have been taken
possession of again and assessment
work has followed.
Assessment work on the Irish Hill
properties has been pushed, the amount
not being limited to $100 to the claim.
Those who have property in this local
ity have confidence in the ground and
say they will open it up to the extent
of their means.
The Solomon River has been the
scene of much winter work. Cabins
dot the river bank3, each cabin being
a landmark of winter mining, with
promises of good results. Operations
on Peluk Creek have been pushed vig
orously and the operators have reported
that they will show better results than
they obtained last year. The installa
tion-of plants will lessen the cost pre
liminary to the -work in 1903.
Miners on the Inmachuk are meet
ing with good success, according to
the reports. At the Big Hurrah Min
ing Company's plant on the Solomon
River forty men have been steadily
employed throughout the winter In
sinking and drifting on the mine prop
er, with good results.
• Advices Just received from Nome,
Alaska, are to the effect that there Is
more activity in and around Nome in
mining than ever before. The various
creeks are margined by many good
sized dumps, which are daily increas
ing. The Nome News says that the
early spring clean-ups will prove to be
the best in the history of Nome. Ma
chinery has been largely employed dur
ing the winter season. v
Confidence Is Expressed by
Owners That Returns Will
Afford Handsome Profits
IEISH HILL PEOMINENT
"It was never the intention of Con
gress to establish a method of removal
All the lawyers for the defense then
took turns in hammering Heney. Mc-
Enerney asserted that he and his as
sociates had discussed the possibility
of such a course on the part of the
opposition, but had decided that the
Federal attorneys would.be above such
a snap proceeding. •¦ Knight demanded
that if the defense w : s forced to put
on their witnesses first, then the Gov
ernment, when its turn came, should
.be held down to strict rebuttal, and
not permitted to make a new case after
the defendants' witnesses had knocked
out the indictment ,
SHOT FOR GOVERNMENT.
"Objection overruled and the indict
ment admitted," said Commissioner
Heacock tersely. Then came the tug
of-war. Garret W. McEnerney of
Hyde's counsel was telling the Com
missioner that he had a long string
of objections to his ruling and he de
sired time to discuss them. Heney in
terrupted him, saying:
"Mr. McEnerney's objections will
come up right away, for the Govern
ment rests Its case on the evidence now
before the court." j
The Commissioner indicated that he
should rrefer to hear the testimony
rather than have to pass on the merits
of the case solely upon the indictment.
But Heney refused to budge.
"The statute," he declared, "makes
the indictment sufficient to establish
a case unless it is contradicted by evi
dence. It was the intention of Con
gress to provide a summary method
of. removal, and we intend to stand on
our rights as defined by the act."
The opening play in yesterday's con
test was made by Francis J. Heney,
chief counsel to the Government. "We
offer a certified copy of the indictment
in this case," was all he said.
"We object," said Attorney Bert
Schlesinger of counsel for Hyde, "on
the' ground that on its face the indict
ment shows the; Government was not
defrauded by any act of the defend
ants there alleged, and also because
the indictment fails to show that any
offense against the laws of the United
States has been committed."
The same distinguished array of at
torneys for and against the Govern
ment were in the United States Circuit
Court room yesterday as appeared on
Tuesday morning, when the case was
put over for a day. In addition to the
lawyers came the defendants, Hyde
and Dimond, while in one of the back
rows of chairs gat John A. Benson,
jointly indicted with them, who is un
der bail to appear for examination be
fore Commissioner Shields on March 29
in New York, where he was arrested.
Three of the Government's most im
portant witnesses were also present —
Woodford D. Harlan, former chief of
the forestry division of the General
Land Office; William E. Valk, chief ex
aminer in the division of contests In the
same department, and F. C. Fimple,
who is supposed to know a great deal
about the Hyde-Benson land opera
tions.
These were all the witnesses the Gov
ernment lawyers deemed it necessary
to have at hand. Even if the Commis
sioner had compelled them to" proceed
with testimony, it would take several
days to examine Harlan and Valk. This
would give the Government ample time
to bring up its small army of witnesses
from Oregon and the mountain counties;
of California. It was said yesterday
that these witnesses include men who
will testify that they received money
from Hyde and Benson or their agents
for the use of their names in land en
tries that were illegal, not being made
in good faith for their own use and oc
cupation, i
HENEY OPENS FIGHT.
The counsel for the defendants were
on their feet in an instant, fighting like
tigers. They claimed not only that they
had been, taken by surprise, but that
the fundamental rights of their clients
a« American citizens were imperiled.
The indictment was but secondary evi
dence at best, they argued, and the
Government was bound to call the wit
nesses on whose testimony the Grand
Jury had acted. The only consolation,
however, that Commissioner Heacock
could give them was an adjournment
until Monday morning, when they will
have to produce their own witnesses if
they wish to traverse the prima facie
case established by the indictment.
It was a clever game and well played,
but it by no means indicates that the
Government will win out in the end.
The tactical advantage won yesterday,
important as it Is, merely relieves the
prosecution of the necessity of disclos
ing its evidence until it shall appear
whether the defendants elect to make
their first stand before the Commis
sioner or before the jury at Washing
ton. Otherwise a fortnight might be
spent in taking testimony of the lead
ing Federal witnesses, and at the end
of it all the defense might say, "We
Fhall offer no evidence here." Thus
the defendants would get possession of
the Government's case at no cost to
themselves and would then at their
leisure prepare to meet it on the trial.
Commissioner Heacock's ruling indi
cates that each side will have to show
its hand before it decides whether he
shall send Hyde and Dimond to the
Federal capital. This means a long and
bitter contest. The examination will
probably consume the better part of a
month.
SOME WITNESSES PRESENT.
"The Government rests."
Uncle Sam's attorneys made a shrewd
move yesterday morning in the fierce
legal battle they have begun before
l r nited States Commissioner E. H. Hea
cock to hold Frederick A. Hyde and
Henry P. Dimond for trial in the Su
preme Court of the District of Colum
bia. On the opening of the preliminary
examination in the land fraud case
they introduced in evidence the indjet
ment found by the Federal Grand Jury
on February i7 against Hyde, Dimond,
John A. Benson and Joost H. Schneider.
Then, like a clap- of thunder in a clear
Eky, came this announcement:
Each of the first thirty-four counts
of the indictment sets up a specific
charge of conspiracy to obtain Govern
ment lands by unlawful means. These
charges are buried in a vast deal of
legal verbiage, which is much. the same
in every count. Stripped of this, the
essence of each count is the allegation
that Hyde, Benson, Dimond and
Schneider, "by means of the false and
fraudulent practice described ia . the
• The process of having the school
lands of the defendants included in
forest reserves is described as having
been carried out with the help of per
sons employed in the Interior Depart
ment's General Land Office. Harlan
and Valk. the witnesses named above,
are alleged to have been bribed to fur
nish the defendants with advance
copies of the private reports of the
forestry agents, recommending areas
for Inclusion in the reserves, thus en
abling Hyde and Benson, it. is said, to
get possession of these lands before
the public announcement of their
withdrawal was made. Benjamin F.
Allen and Grant I. Taggart, forest su
perintendent and forest supervisor, re
spectively, are charged with having
accepted money to furnish the de
fendants with all the information
gathered by them regarding desirable
areas for withdrawal and to recom
mend the withdrawal of or non-with
drawal of such areas as Hyde and
Benson might dictate. The names of
all four of these "former Government
employes appear on the indictment as
witnesses before the Grand Jury, and
it is understood that they made a
clean breast of their connection with
the 'defendants on a promise of immu
nity from prosecution.
Having got possession of the school
lands and having succeeded in getting
these lands included in the reserves,
the next step was to take out lieu
scrip entitling the holders to select
equal areas of unoccupied lands any
where else !n the United States. Thus,
it is charged, Hyde and Benson lo
cated much of the finest land remain
ing open to settlement in the West.
CHARGES IX DETAIL.
The indictment put in evidence yes
terday is one of the longest seen in a
San Francisco court in many a day.
It covers eighty-six pages and em
braces forty-two counts. The first of
these contains the most material alle
gations and is referred to in each of
the later counts. The first count sets
forth the methods by which Hyde and
Benson, with the aid of their alleged
accessories, Dimond and Schneider,
are said to have got possession ille
gally and fraudulently of hundreds of
thousands of acres of valuable West
ern lands. Only a portion of these
tracts are referred to in the indict
ment. The period covered is from
October 4, 1901, to February 1, 1904.
The gist of the indictment is that
the defendants entered into a con
spiracy to defraud the Government of
public lands — first, by illegal means,
getting possession of State school
lands in California and Oregon, which
lands they then procured to be includ
ed in forest reserves. The title to the
school lands, it is charged, was ob
tained by the employment of dum
mies, who were Induced to take up
these lands as for actual settlement,
when, in fact, they intended to trans
fer them to Hyde and Benson, or by
the use of false names and forged af
fidavits.
"One of the grievances complained
of in the declaration of independence
was that King George had a bad habit
of transporting his American subjects
across the water for trial in England.
You are following in his footsteps in
dragging our clients across the con
tinent for trial, 3000 miles away from
their homes."
"Let me correct my friend's misap
prehension," retorted Heney. "A man
Indicted in Xew York or at Washing
ton is not entitled to trial in Califor
nia or some other remote corner of
the United States. The Federal Gov
ernment has jurisdiction in every part
of the country. These men have been
indicted for acts committed in four
or five States. The offense charged is
one of which the Supreme Court of
the District of Columbia has jurisdic
tion and it must be presumed that the
indictment was found upon sufficient
evidence. The writs of the Federal
courts run in all corners of the United
States. The trouble about which my
friend complains — the removal of ac
cused persons to distant points for
trial — has existed ever since the peo
ple decided to adopt the constitution.
It is a feature of our Government."
"My suggestion a moment ago,"
Commissioner Heacock said, "was not
made because I doubted the sufficiency
of the indictment as ground for hold
ing the defendants, but because I saw
the Government's witnesses here and
believed, in view of the declarations of
the defense, that it would be neces
sary for us to go into the testimony.
The Government has a right to rest on
the indictment. Now let the defense
proceed."
The attorneys for the accused then
renewed their request for adjourn
ment and the Government making rio
objection the Commissioner granted
it. The case will be resumed at 10
o'clock Monday morning.
INDICTMENT IS LONG.
KING GEORGE'S GHOST.
that va.-uld violate the elementary prin
ciples of law and the Tights of citi
zens," was the text of a clear cut argu
ment by Charles S. Wheeler, another
of Dimond's attorneys. "The law pre
sumes innocence until guilt is proven.
You cannot destroy this' presumption
by the poorest evidence available. You
are asking his Honor to accept the
statement of a Grand Jury in prefer
ence to the testimony of the ver> wit
nesses who were before the Grana Jury,
and who are now here in this court
room. Let the best evidence be pro
duced before we are called to prove our
innocence."
But Heney was within his rights
and the able lawyers for the defense
admitted it. "We cannot control the
Government." was McEnerney's con
cession, as he asked that the Commis
sioner adjourn the hearing until Mon
day morning to enable him and his
associates to get their case in shape.
He added this little fling at his oppo
nent:
The forest reserve holdings which were !
surrendered for the lieu land scrip were
located chiefly in this State and Ore
gon, the Cascade Range reserve of the
latter and the Sierra, the San Jacinto
and the Pine Mountain and Zaca Lake
reserves of the latter being the chief
fields of operation. The lands selected
place of these parcels are scattered '¦
over many States, ranging as far east
as Wisconsin and Oklahoma, but lying
chiefly in California, Oregon and Wash
ington. The several land districts in
which the 'operators located their lieu
lands and the areas of the several par
cels covered by the thirty-four counts
of the indictment are here summarized:
Count. I.ar.il District. ; Acres.
1. Olympla. Washington 3,400.00
2. Visalla. California 640. (Ai
3. Visalia. California '. 4«0.W)
4. Vancouver, Washington "tfO.OO
5. Woodward, Oklahoma 40.00
8. Stockton. California 68. 50
7. feattle, Washington SO. 00
g. Vancouver. Washington 320.00
fl. Vancouver. Washington 640.00
10. Vancouver. Washington &10.00
11. Vancouver, Washington &J0.00
12. La. Grande, Oregon 160.00
13. Douglas, Wyoming 40.00
14. Wausau. Wisconsin 40. OQ
15. Vancouver, Washington 2,760.00
16. Vancouver, Washington SO. 00
17. Pueblo, Colorado 7£>. 4S
IS. Visalla, California 890.00
19. Visalia. California S0.00
20. Sail Francisco. California ¦ 40.00
21. . ViralU... California 160.00
22. Sacramento. California..... ,. NO. 0<J
23. Visalia. California 4SO.0O
24. Stockton. California 40.C0
25. Visalia. California 40.00
28. Watervillc. Washington 563.61
27. Vancouver. Washington 1,680.00
2«. Kureka. California 400.00
2ft. Vancouver, Washington...., 5450.00
30. Carsci. City, Nevada 40.00
31. Carson City, Nevada 40.00
"2. Vancouver. Washington 3,680.00
33. Pueblo, Colorado r.\ 40.00
34. Vancouver, Washington 1,120.00
Total 20,791.65
This total of 20,791.65 acres, it was said
yesterday by one of the Federal repre
sentatives, covers but a small fraction
of the operations of Benson and Hyde
regarding which the Government has
evidence. These parcels were included
in the indictment, the same informant
continued, because the evidence regard
ing the transactions involving them
was deemed most conclusive.
BRIBERY IS CHARGED.
first 'count," did "unlawfully conspire,
combine, confederate and agree togeth
er, and with other persons to the grand
jurors unknown, knowingly, wickedly
and corruptly to defraud the United
States out of divers large tracts of the
public lands open and to be open to se
lection In lieu of State school lands in
cluded and to be included within the
limits of forest. reserves in the States
of California and Oregon," the title to
which lieu lands had been previously
obtained by means of the fraudulent
practices also charged in the opening
count. The location and area of the
lands selected are then given, together
with the same particulars concerning
the school lands for which they were
exchanged. The name of the person- for
whom the location was made is given,
and then each count closes wlth»copies
of the letters addressed by Attorney
Dimond to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office at Washington
asking approval of the selection.
Of the thirty-four locations described
in the indictment sixteen were made in
the name of F. A. Hyde and fifteen in
that of Crawford W. Clarke, the Sacra :
mento capitalist, ,who admits that he
advanced money for Benson's opera
tions, requiring that the lands be taken
out in his (Clarke's) name in order, to
secure his loans. The" other three selec
tions were made in the names of A. S.
Baldwin, Elizabeth Dimond and Isaac
Liebes, but all the thirty-four are al
leged to have been made in the Joint
interest of Hyde and Benson. \
IjOCATIOX OF THE LANDS.
ASKED
«
Attorneys Want More Time
in Which to Get Import
ant Evidence From East
POSTPONEMENT
Lieutenant Fred B. Xeilson
Appears for Trial Before
Officers of Superior Rank
Late Advices Are That Work
Proceeds Very Actively ou
Creeks During the Winter
Commissioner Heacock Accepts Indictment as Making
Prima Facie Case— Will Hear Defendants' Witnesses
Before Requiring Prosecution to Put in Evidence
COURT MARTIAL
OPENS SESSION
GOOD REPORTS
OF NOME MINES
GOVERNMENT WINS OPENING
MOVE IN LAND FRAUD FIGHT
THE SAN FRANCTSCO ' CALL", THURSDAY, MARCH 24., 1901.
11
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I Men, I Want to Talk to j
I You About This Belt j
® -^* g *T?fc want to talk to men who have pains 9
St "ISj^H energy which was so evident in youth ®
2 fk , \ |- Bj is absent now; men who can't stand the 9
® La <W£&\P amount of exertion they could years ®
? J2B/1 Ssj^V asO- •*• want J' ou — i{ that means you — 2
O nffi \ to see what I have done for others who ?
€> V^^ f .>^TO, fijPg^^^jn. were as just as bad off. That's my intro- *f
A VH fflm|WBKwk duction. I*, a friend in whom you had S
9 a/a "W^^^^^^^^^^^^i confidence presented some one to you q
9 ttfflW^frlrYiswr*j * an<1 sa * d - ' "Jack, here's Brown; he has q
• wWBsWSBwh A TS&BHhH made £°°d with me. and I trust him." a
9 WB^s§!*l«iiy fl £*SiiS wouldn>t you trust him. too? q
• MasSs^SKtS nU^H^B^i^^l Now. if you don't feel right, I can cure 0
® i^Hw^^' you with mv Electric Belt. If you are O
® **^^^^5sf McbfBKlBBiBSnr full °* rheumatic pains, I can knock ©
l^^^M **^^^^^K^S^ them out. I can pour oil into your ©
f£ joints and limber them up. I have often 9
9 eaid' that pain and electricity can't live 9
& /( M$&8SBlSUI^SSittll%}flBL ' n tne same house, and I prove if every 9
% /illlBwTSmSHsimi Mr * L " J " Barnett ot Tillamook. Or., a
ft BHJf JpaBL^fl^WB ' writes: "Your treatment certainly does Q
9 WarMnwKBBB&SB&k what no other can. for It has cured me. q
O ' HniiWPn9*a8HH I cannot praise the Belt too highly, and a
q MWwVHrnB * K ladl >' recommend it in any case of vital q
v -¦ ' - ¦ "*.w , ' : - . *¦.-'¦ - "3
9 If It were not for tlie prejudice due to the crreat number of fakes In the 9
© land I would not be able to handle the business that . would come to me. #
m The 'Tree Belt" fraud and the "Free Draff" scheme, which are not free at Q
a all, have madt every one skeptical, but X know that X have a rood thins;, n
% and 111 hammer away until you know it. . , S
a \*One thing every man ought to know is this:- Your body is a machine. It a
if is run by the steam in your blood and nerves. When you begin to break J
2 down in any way you are out of steam.; That's just, what I want to give 2
g you ifik. - %Qr- : 9
S X have a cure for every town. Tell me where you live and X will jrive yon 2
2 the name of a man X've cured. ., **
2 Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether I can cure you— 2
2 or not. If I can't cure you I don't want your money. I have been in this . 2
• business 22 years, and I am the biggest man in it to-day by long 'odds,: •
• and I am growing yet, because I give every man all he. pays for. •
9 Now, wouldn't you rather wear my life-giving appliance while you sleep ©
© every night, and feel its. glowing warmth pouring into you. and feel your- #
a self taking on a new lease of life « with each application, than to clog your Q
m intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely! Try me. .. «•»,
2 ."'. Jlr. Abraham Spady of Alcatraz, Cal.. writes: "I am cured of all my, for- 2
mcr ailments/and you have my heartfelt gratitude for what your treat- 2
f. ment has done for me." . . '. .. •
• ,If you will come and see me I- will explain it to you. If you can't call let ™
9 me send you. my book, .full of the things a man finds inspiring to strength ©
9 and courage. Free if > you send this ad. ¦ . .
• nV» M C, Mcl fliicrhliri 906 Market St: / S
O Office Hours: -8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to L, ¦ •
EAUWAY TBAVEI*
I / iumit \<«l Tntai t«aT*tnd sre
WM0KHU1MT* )*m\
I . V *?* ? / • I <*ae to »rri to at
Vyy^^Xy SAS fk an exsco.
\^ f* \ t y (Main Line. Terry Depot,
+^r foot 0 ( Market s.scfii
t»AT« — Faoai F»fku\i>t 17. lWi. — *»«iTt^
7.00a VacaTttle, Winters, ttumaejr 7 50i"
7 CO* Bealcla. Saltan. Elmir*. and S.ic.-v
mratu 7-20p
7-30* Talleja Napa. Cal!stng*. Santa
Uoaa. Martlnex. Sas Kumoi 8 20'
7-30* NV.-». l4Teraaar«. Tracy. Lataroo.
Btoeicron 7 20*
1.00* ShasM Kxi>resa— (Via lMvtfti,
WCltami (for Oartlett Spr!^<»».
TVtllowi trruto. lied liiuff.
PortlanJ. Taeotns. Seattle 7 50'
1. 00* Dans. TTood! aud. Kolciits Laadias.
XlarjsTine. OtotIUb 740'
8-50* Port Costa. Martian. Antioca,
Drron. Tracr. Stociton. Saw-
man. Loa ltanoa. M«inlol\
Anaoaa. Ilaaforit, Visalia,
Port«-Tll!« 4.20»
t 50* Port Costa. Martinez. Trie?. Laib-
• top. Modesto. Merce<i. Kr*«!..>.
Oottian Jnnct'oa. Uaafurd.
Visalla. Hakemflria 450^
140a Kile*. San Jose, Llrarmcre. dt..-K-
ton. (tM 11 ton), loae. Saeramrnto.
Pls=err»'.ie. UarysTllle, Cbtco,
Red BlofI 4.29r
8 30* Oakdale. Calnese. Jamentowo. So-
nora, TooIoir.Be aaJ Anicel* 4 20^
8 00* Atlantic Express— Ogdenaad East. 11.20k
9.30* Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations 850^
10 00* Tte OrerUad Ltmlted — Ogdea,
Dcover. Omaba, Calcago. 6 20.'
1000a Yaliejo., 1220*
10.00a Los Aaceles Paase tic« — Pot:
Coata. Martinez, ltyroa. Tracy.
Latarop. Stockton. UerceO.
Uajmond. Fresno. Gosbra June-
tlnn. Hanford. Lemoore. Vlaalla.
Betersfirld. Lo* Angrles 7-20-"
¦ 12-OOv Rayward. Nlles and Way $utlons. 3.20»
tVCOr Sacramento RUer Steamers tii.OUr
3 30f Benlcla. Winter*. Sacramentoi
Woodland. Katghfs Laadinj;.
*tary*Tll!e. Orovl.'le sod way
•utlon* „ 10-S0&
3 SOr Bar ward. NResaad Way Stations.. 7 50?
3 30r Port Costa. Martlorz. Uyraa.
Tracy. Lathrop. Moltiio,
MerceJ. Fresno aud Way Sta-
tion* b«youd Port Costa...... ... 1220p
SSQr Martinet. Tracy. Stockton. Lo<!l... 10.20a
4.C0r Martlnez.Ssa lUmon. ValleJCsNapa.
Callstoga. S»ntaUosa 9 20«
4 OOr KUe*. TraeT. StockMn. Lodi 4 20»
4.30r Hayward. Kile*. irTlastoa. Saa I ?95O»
Jote. LtTennore 1 111.50a
S-COf Tha Owl Limited— Newman, Los
Banes. Mrndoia. Presao. Talara,
Bakersneld. Los Anjslea.
Oolden State Limited 6lecp«r.
Oakland to Lo* Anxelea. tor Cat-
csgo. yla C. P.. I A P 1.50a.
6-COr Port Cons, Tracy. Stockton 12.20p
tB 20r lUjrward. Nile* and 9an Jo«« ..... 7. 20*
6. OOr Ksjward. Nile* aad &p Jose. 9.30a
t-OQr Eaatera Express— Og^t. Denver,
Omaita, St. Louis, an4
Kaac Port Costa, n-nlclv Sat-
sqd. Elmlra. Darla. Sacramenuv
Roeklin. Auburn. Colfax.
Tmckee. Boea. He no. Wad*>
worth, Wlnnenancca ............. 5 20'
$.00r VaHeJo, tiaJIjr. «xcepi Sacd»y.... > ¦, .-.
7X0r V»llejo, Snndajr oaly f * 0DF
7.C0f hlcJunond. Saa Pablo. Port Cost*.
Mirtlaes and Way Station* 11.20a
e.CSi" Ore ion * Calif orals Express— Sao-
ramento. Marysrr.le. Raddtnc
Portland. Paget Sound and Kast. S-53*
*.10r Bayward. Nllea aad San Jose(Saa-
dayoaly) 11. SO*.
COAST LINE Oarr-w Haa^e).
(Toot of Market Street.)
B-15* Hewsrk, CeoterrUle] Saa Jos«, *
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Cms and Way Stations..... S-55**
t2.15r Newark. Center»!l!e. Saa Jot«>.
Kew Almadea.Los Gatoa.?elton.
Benlder Cntek, Santa Crux aad
PrlactjalWay gtaUooa It 3 S3*.
4-IEp Newark. Saa Jose. LosGatos and I '3 65 a
way stations ) tia6»A
•9 30r Hnateri Train. Saturday only. Saa
Jose and Way Station*. Retara-
log; from Lo*Gatos 8nnrts» only t7 25 f
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SA.V * KAN CISCO. Foot of Market St. <.S1!?<»
—tlltS *:C0 11:00 *.M. 100 3 00 S.15r.a
Proxo OAKLAND, root of Broadway — ?•»:(*> U:(M
n-.Oi W-.QO*.*. 1Z0O 2 00 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE <Broarf Ua.ze).
PT~ Cfhlrd ana forrnsend Street*.)
6.10* Saa Jose and Way Station* 8 30r
7 CO* San Jose aad Way Station* 5 35?
|40a Kew Almadea (Tu«s.. Fr!i.. •aly). 4.10*
• CO* Tha Coaster — Stops only Sao Josa,
Gllroy (conaectloD for Holllo
ter). Pajaro. CastroTlll« (coa-
nectlon to and from Monterey
sad Pacific Gnrve). Salinas. Saa
Ardo. Paso Roblea. Santa Mar-
garita. Ssn Luis ObUpo. principal
station* Uifac* Barf (eonsectloa
for Lompoc). principal stations
Utence Santa Barsara.San Hue n *¦
?entnra, Saoffua. Los Antjelea... 18-4a>
•.GO* Cai Jose. Tres Pino*. Capitols,
tiaataCrnx.PeciCcGroTe.Sallnaa.
- Son Lala Obtspo and Principal
Way •tatioa* .. 4-19-
10-30* 8 an Jose and Way Station* 1.20f
1140a Bsata Clara. Saa Jose. Lo* Ga:os
and Way Sutlon* 7.30?
l-30r 6sn Jose and Way Station* > 3S*
I CO' Del Monte Express— Santa Clara.
Saa Jose. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crux. Boulder
Creek aa4 Narrow Ganee Pol nta> -
•t Gllroy for Hoi:i»ter. Tre*
Pino*, at CastroTtiie forSallna*. 1215'
2-SOr Tres Pino* Way Pafsenser 10 4*>»
4 30j» Ban Jose and Way Station* t8 00*
tS0O<' San Jose, (rta S»u Cm) Lo*
Oatos. aad Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sundav) *9 CO*
>b.£0r 8snJoseaBdPrlne!?alWayStatloa* *9 43*
8-tOf finaset Ltmlted.— Redwoc-d. Saa
Jose, Gnroy.SaIlnaa.Paao Koblea.
Can Lula Oblipo. Santa Barbara,
Lo* Angel's. Dealing. Rl Paso.
New Orleajia. K«w York. Con-
sect* at P*]aro for Santa Crui
and at CantroT|ii« for Paciaa
GroTe and Way Stations 7.10*
t8 1&J* Eau Mateo.l>eresford.n«!mont.9aa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oak*.
MenloPark. Palo Alto „ r9.49*
6 30r Ban Jose and Way Station*. 8 33*
•¦Mr Palo Alto and Way Station* „ 1U.15*
U.iCJ" Boots San Fraoclsco. Mlllbrae. Bar-
Uacame. San Matco. Belmoot,
San Carlos. Redwood. Pair Oaka. -
afenlo Park, and ps:o Alto 9.45»
•11-H* May field. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
ganJo»e t»-4»i»
A for MorniDi-. P for Af:ersoo*L
1 Bnnday excepied. t Sunday only
« SaMrday only.
I Stop* at all stations oa Sunday.
tW~O«ly trains stopping at Valencia St. soqtbN>«-N]
*r«»:10 *.K-.7:00* j», 11:30*. «,8:Ju» ru *30 r.a. Mrt
MM Ml
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFiG
RAILWAY COXFAZnr.
TlTOTxrtm r«rry. root of Market Stzsot.
SAW PBASTCISCO TO SAN RATAEI..
WEEK DATS— 7:30, »:(i0, ll:wa. ra.; 12:3o.
8:S0. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra trii>
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:U<X 9:30. 11 :tX> a. m. ; 1:*>.
3:30. 5:(n>. 8:2O. ll:3O p. m.
SAZT BATAEL TO SAH 7SA2TCZSCO.
WEEK L»AYS— «:03. 7:35. 7:50. a:!"©, 11.13
a m.: 12:50. 3:4O, 5:00, 5:^0 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:oC, »:4O. 11:15 a. in.; 1:40.
3 :40. 4.S5. 5:05. «:S5 p. m.
Leave j la ESect I Arrive
San Francisco. [ Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco-
Week 1 Son- I Destlna- I Sun- t Week
Day*. I day>. I tlon. | day*. ] Daya.
7:S0a B:OOa 9:10a|S:4O\
9.30 a Ifnacio. 10:4Oa;10:20 a
3:3Op 3:30p C:u5 pi «:^0 i>
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:33 pi
7-3OaJ j I 9:10aj 8:4Oa
8:00 at Nova to. lo:4O a!10:20 a
3:30 p 9*0 aj Petaluma 6:C3 p! «:20 n-
5:10 p 3:30 pi . and 7:^5p,
i:V0 pj Santa Roaa. |
7:30 a I |10:40a'10:2Oa
8:00 ai Fulton. , !7:33p «:»p>
3:30 p 3:3Op| 1 |
Wlndnor. I I
7:30 a 8:00 a Bealdsburz. 10:40 a<10:20 a
¦ Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p GeysenrtUe. 7:33 p 0:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a 8:00 a Holland 110:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3ft0p and Ukiah. 7:35 p 6:2Op
7:3Oal 8:00 aj WUllts. |7:35pl«:20p
¦ 7:3Oa| 8:OOa! " 11O:*O a!10:2O a
3:3Opj 3:30 p| GuerneTille. | 7:33 pj «:2O p
7:30 al 8:00 ai Sonoma, |9:10a|S:4Oa
S:10p|3:00p! Glea Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:30 p
7:30 at 8:00 a! ~~— — i 10:40 a | 10:20
3:30 pi 3:30 p| SebajtopoL | 7:35 pj 6:20?
STAGES connect at Green Braa (or Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for Whits Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Alt rur la and Hark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
: servllle (or Skaggs Sprir-gs; at Cloverdals for
the Geysers, BoonevUle and Greenwood; at
, Hopland (or Duncan Sprinscs. Highland Springs.
; KelaeyvUl*. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bart let t Springs; at Uklab (or Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. LJerly's.
BuckneUs. Sanhedrtn Heights. Hull ville. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoctno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at WlllUs (or Tort Brass.
Westport. Sl»«rwood. Cahto. Corelo. Layton-
vllle. Cummins f. Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervtlle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday reund-trtp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates-
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Ciroaicli
build Ins-
H. C WHITING. R- X. RYAN,
Gen. Majwzer. Gea. PaM. AgL
- ADVEBTISEMENTS. -
Efto
JxPSsaJ*'"!?] KfuiT'i/J I IT 1 T 1 Tff
jWSd^BSbIbh DaaSl 111 1 >*
jsnEnsSsSnafBI sbssbo
SICK HaJMOHE
Positively cured tiy these
Little Pills.
Thejalsoreu^vc Distress from Dyspepsb,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. Aper-
j feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl-
a-rss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
I Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. small Dose.
Small Price.
SHAVE? ¥
It will pay you to Xj^as?
learn, providing you
nse one of my raxor*. I've a razor here
for $2.C0 that is equal to any t*ard. Of
finely tampered st**l:- will hold Us «dge
and will not pull.
POCKET KXIVES, ln great variety
. from f»O<? upward.
SCISSORS, that you can rely on, from
2!Sc up.
RAZOR STROPS from 25c to f 2..*>«>.
Two bars Williams' Shaving Soap, lCc.
Mall orders crom^tly attended to.
That Man Pitts
(F. W. PITTSJ
1008 Market Street.
Above Powell. San Francisco.
i s — — —
j '/f <Q Perfect Fitting (/|V
| ty Eyeglasses &(
j./j At Moderate Cost f\
V 642 4iarke:tSt.
visit DR. JORDAN'S orcatJ
OF ANATOMY^
0 Cft 1551 UA2UZ ST. tet 6:k i?X 3.r.W. A
\ Cy The Largest Aaatasaical Mtueasa in Ike \
Q _ iLSTI»_ w **ld. I'MiMiKi er my csa«ncte<< A
i. *UW| «Ji»«a«« p»^ll»»l7e«r»*ftTtlie»!<le« T
O /Kjai b f i « aa:Ul on tJJl Zovr- Eu. 36 jean. Q
A &V§3 1 0?. JQRPAN-D'SEASES OF HEN A
\ ffC^^H Coouiltitka free and itrktly priTit*. \
0 i XfVt fl Trel * nle '" personally w by 1r:tCT. A Q
\ B ]f «** I* Pvnhrt CV»« In rrcr; a~t cadrrtaken. T
AfS lid y>'ritt it* B-Mk.rniLonurmft A
" \\ \V* *BA.>*BIACtt. MAILED FK&S. ( A Y
A O It- ?alaable book far m<-n) x
V nit. J«IBD1.\ A CO.. 1061 Market St.. S. F. V
t*dTm^$^$$k t & ">EH AND WOWcrli
«^^^CTU£sHi*l CmBIi O for nncaturei
JF&QvI* ltoi dajt/US dl«chars»s.iaflaaimt.t:ona,
/S20Gf OaaraatMd g triitatioo* or alesrationi
H**Jjf n»i t> (Utetsn. of mncoas membrane*.
B™ '% Pr»»«ai» Cnta«<M. Painins, and not aitrta-
B7«ilT'riEETA)ISCHE¥ICAlCJ. «ent or poi*onon».
l^X C!SCISUTI,9.Jf^g Sold by DmnUU,
***•*• 3epT or itat ln pl * ia WT *v?n.
by sipreM. prepaid, lot
VS&iiSSSSi&ES tt.OO. or S bottle* I2.7S.
"«%ffiai2t^\r « Circular aect 03 rs«ae«t.
BAIL WAY TBAVEL.
' CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at f):.'5O a, m.. tSxrongh. in 3 days.
with diner and nil trapplngu.
Other Santa T* Tralni:
«:|a ** ™"1 t0T Stockton, Fresno. Bakerafleld.
8:00 m! J M *« e( l. Hanford and Vlsalia.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago. l^-J'
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way." Oakland. Cal. 37 South First St..
San Joaa. .-'»»*:
B TO SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
_ Via Sauialito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electrle—
Depart from San Franelaco Dally 7:00, 8:0O,
8:00 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20, 1:43. 3:15, 4:15.
5:15," «:15. 7:00. 8:4S. 10:20. 11:43 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
Dally. 5:25. ti:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35, 11:00 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:65. 3:45, 4:43, 5:43. 6:45,
S:45. 10:20 p. rn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally, , 5:45, 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 8:53,
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15, 4:05. 5:06, 6:05,
7:05, 9:00. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
. 8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday ezcepted>—
Tomalrs and way stations.
3:15 s. n». Saturdays — Caxadero.and . way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
vray stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market it. .
FEKRT — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Wt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tk Srmlit* fwrj I Arrire '
amVnndaco h*d*vi*K 3aaFraacbc*>
Weekl Sao- ¦ ggB Son- (WatT*!
Day*, days jfffffiffffigS. d»y« D*yv
•TlMi«*:OOA &%$££& HiOflFreiJa
•tt48r iV.OOa HSBMgW t:*5r»:S0r
I S:lftr 1O:OOa S:SOp 5:5O»
11:OOa «:SOr tiM*
i:4Sr yslB&lr »!»•»
,.,. ,,,. -a-iftp :- - W J t»ho,{ it
*0n— »t wiia «Uyi ir »jfa ad *fn«jw 8xs|
"ntUT J 636 Mauzt ST^(Nort« Shore RailroaS*
•HOB I and S±v**ixm FuiT, Wool Maftat 9uTHE' SAN : : FRANCISCO ; CA1X; THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1904.
12
— SPIHITI'ALISII.
MRS UIC MARTIN, wonderful spiritual hsaler
and buritnesa ir.e'lium: readings daily. * . ; <le-
v-Iorin« class Thursday 8 £•' Jy-_j^r y
MME YOUNG'S convinoir.sr spirit nienaJRM to-
night. 10c. 61'J McAllister; come sk-pUca.
URS.iLC5rTER.1122 Taylor; life r>afi?r busi-
ness medium: read, daily: «ir. to-ntght. I >c.
EDWARD EARLE. 1C52 Ellis, readings daily.
9:3C to 4: s-an^-s Sunday and Thursday.
ELISE BRAUX. renowned psychic-. My readings
.icmonstrate my wonderful jyYjers- SSb^ Puan.
PROF FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
Jiatc-writer. 1112 E'ld.v st. Pbone Scott SS,,
C I. A I KYOYAXTS,
PROFESSOR ALBERT C. VICTOK,
The Famous
TALMIST AND CLAIRVOYANT.
. Special Reduction for One Week.
$1— His $5 Reading for $1.
Free Test! Free Test". Free Teatt
A Free Teat to All Who Come Prepared to
Have a Reading.
"Without asking a question he tells you your
name, your mother's maiden name, the name
of the ons you love, tells you your ag». and
what you called for, without asking a single
question.
THERE IS XO AFFAIR of importances-
past, rreaent or future — but what Professor
Victor's occult eye can plainly reveal. He will
point out «sa way that will lead to success in
business, speculations, investments, love, court-
ship, matrimony, divorce or anything you may
be in trouble about.
Unlike Impostors and pretenders. Professor
Victor, take* no money in advance and pesi-
tively refuses to accept any fee if you are not
entirely satisfied All business strictly con-
fidential. Hours from 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. daily
and Sunday. 700 Post st.
CLEAR VISION.
ATTRACTED P.Y AN INV1TETD FIELD —
THE SEMI-TROPICAL WONDERS OF THP!
GOLDEN WEST AND THE MATCHLEPS
CLIMATE OF CALIFORNIA— PROF. LIVING-
STONE. THE GREAT MYSTIC. CLEAR
VISION. AND WONDERFUL EXPONENT
OK OCCULTISM HAS COME TO SAN FRAN*
CISCO TO RESIDE TO WORK AND TO F><>
GOOD. PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 42^
EDDY ST. READINGS $1 AND $2; NO
MORE, NO LESS.
It i« your duty to consult this gifted man.
He can unravel th» most complicated sk°in of
difficulties, relieve your mind and insure you
quick results, permanent happiness. Would
It not be a. relief to know how you will suc-
ceed, to be relieved of matters that are
troubling' you. and of the schemes of your
enemies ?
It is not necessary that he should acquaint
you in print of all the ills one is heir to and.
further, he dcea not wish you to tell htm en*
word. He claims to be able, and positively re-
fuses to accept one penny unless you are por-
fectly satisfied and. further, he n-ver slights
any one in his work; all are the same to him.
and he believes such is th» verdict of all who
consult Mm. Three separate reception parlors.
Hours, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
A CHEAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at on« and save t*.
His former $3 readings this week for
II. $1. $1 $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. SI.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the information for which
you consult him.
(You to be full Judge.)
PACI* DESTINE.
The Crst registered trance clairvoyant aod
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly agrve and guarantee
to make r.o charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
ise tu tell you if husband, wife or swe-theart
Is true or falset teir whom and when you
will marry. In fact I will tell every hop<\
/fear or ambition better than you can tell
/yourrelf: I r?stcre lost affections, reunite th«>
separated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful In life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity. develOD mediums, give advice on mines
and buried treasures and Tpsur* you success
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 2 to 6
32&— O'Farrell St.— 326.
"Anna with a reputation." — New York World.
CARI. ANTONTUS.
Clalrrorant, Trance Medium and Healer.
To Introduce his auperior methods. Professor
Antonlus will give readings at the reduced
price of $1 for one week, and will posttivaly
make no charge unless you find him superior to
any palmist, medium or clairvoyant In the city.
Hours from 9 a. m. to S p. m. dally and Sun-
day. Permanently located in his own home. -
4S3 Geary st.
ISMAR. th« Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 110* Market
St.. cmr. Turk; private readings daily 1O a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered $1-
full life. $5: send lock of hair. ydate of year
of birth: don't ?end currency; send postofflce
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter!
A— Miss M. Wllle, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon: names given; special. $1; hours 10 to S.
A — MME. BERNARD reads'your life correctly
advice given on all affairs of .life: satisfac-
tion guaranteed: 25c up. 17 3d. next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 50c; g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. O.G.av!
MME.RAVENNA, formerly 5 4th st.. reads Mfe:
business advice; names given; readings SOc 1
week. Offices 835 Howard, bet. 4th and 5th.
Mrs.A.H. KronenbeTg, palmst.clairvoyant card
reader;when others fail try m<?:good readings
10c. 721 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave. Tel. Larkin 4207.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
50c; gents $1; hours 11 to 9. D17 Market st.
MME, LOVONIA, clairvoyant. palmlst-^Readl
ings thia week 23c. 4C8 Jessie at., nr. Sixth.
OLDEST lady palmist and card read»r In city.
26!i Kearny, room 20; ladies, 2.V; gent?, 7i0c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 1.T2 to 2o'-i 6th; I. 25c. g- ' 50c.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortuns-
t<*ller. is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
ting* daily. 448^j Jessie st.. bet. .*th and fith.
A WEEK'S lews for ."> cents — The We»kly Call
lflyjayg. In wmpprr. fcr mallir.g. $1 per year!
CIjOTHHTQ RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1: scouring' end
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st.. room II-
phone Drumm 44. Call for and dallver fre».
coitECTio^jorriraa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collection* made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co 413
Montgomery rooms 9-10: tel Main 5X80.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush~135^
Japanese- Chinese employment office: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese'
Chinese help. 42S Powell st. Tel. Main 0753.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau.
50-1 Kearny St.. room "3; phone Black 4453. »
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung'». 411^ O'Farrell; tel. East 42M.
FRITZ'S Erap. Office: Japanese and Chines*
he.'p. IIS Stockton st. Tel. Grant 108.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese EmploymenToiv
Cce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help- estab 20 years.
T?l. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.'. 640 Clay.*
EMPLOYMENT WASTED KEMAIF..
GERMAN second girl. 2 years' references
wishes *iluat!on: also a first-class Iniant
nurse. See J. F. CROSETT &, CO JU1
Sutter st. \
A YOUNG English woman desires a position
as parlor mai.t or chambermaid In hlgh-cla<s
family; New York City references. Address
A. N.. !;>>! Stevenson st.. city.
WOMAN, cock or will do laundry or chamber:
b«aramg-house preferred. Atldres 3 J. K iil'J
Third st., room 21.' '
SITUATION by elderly AswrtcSBiweaftllfftn
housework and rocking: wages moderate
good he me. MRS. tfillTI!, 22'- Seventh st.
WANTED— Work bv .strong, ronipetem worn hi
with daughter, who can work tor h?r board" ¦
wsscs treasonable. Call lit;:; Market at.
YOUNG German girt wants a position in up-
stairs wotk and waiting; wages $J5 to $>0.
Box 4C<1S. Calt office.
WANTED— A position as housekeeper for wid-
ower or care of invalid. 100 Octavi* at.
l.nrjRINf; WOTIST'.S FOIt SAI^K—^on.-
CENTRALLY located corner house: 04 rooms:
nicely furnished; rent $22o; long lease; must
be sold. WILSON, 409 Taylor st.
FOR SALE — A lodging-house. 30 rooms; new
and well apnointed; centrally located. "Box
4<X)1. Call office. . •
FOR SALE— 8 rooms and bath with boarders.
Apply 137 Sixth st. ' ' .
CARPET ¦ BEATKG **?„ ' H 1 '^! A _ X j? '?_•
WHEN you become disgusted with your* work
send for SFAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works." 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. iS00 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. 'Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating "Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone Kast 126. .
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 14:!2 Howard ;tel, South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter stJ:
tel. Mam 3:>4. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.: carpet-beating work?; prices
rf-asonahlc. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
! C. F. ADAMS CO. ,
' SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hat» to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st/
DENTISTS.^ .7_j
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates-are
made: old plates made over- like new: teeth
' from $S per tet; extracting 50c; gas given^ j
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 B0; fillings. 50c:
plates, $5; full set ; all work - painless and
¦warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLJr. surgeon-dentist,r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid., 80.6 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth wlth-
~ out plates specialty. 1841 PoIJe st." : ' ?¦ ~ ¦
GOLD fllllnsis 75c; silver, 35c: crowns. $2;, no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlcrs. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set, teeth. $1 50 up: crowns. $2 up: fillings. 2.1c.
DKGS.VMAKERS AXD SEAMSTBBSSiiS
Accordion. : sunburst and knire-plaltlnR; double
stamps on \ dress ltnings. Stewart's button : and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Foisom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure"; eve. class. 1013 Mkt. ,
i,ni)r;i>T, hoisko FOR Stl.K — roT».
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business ' methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black, 3G07, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title ahstract free with every sale.
Wo do business strictly according to law.
STOP AND .THINK ' • ' '"
Before buying; call' on. my only agent, MA-
RION;GRIKFIN. and he will tell you-all
about my 40-room' house; 'every room large
and .light;: lowrent; lease for threi) years or
more; price at .bedrock; part,casK; will net
over. $lo0.profit per month. "- "
, .- . . — *i ,, -, ' '
24 LARGE ¦ sunny rooms 4 -blocks north of
/Market, st. : -well rurnished and all occupied
' by permanent roomers ; " nets $1)2 per month,
as rent Is only %i per : room." and , price only
$1600 Exdlutlvely for • sale by MARION
GRIFFIN. : .. ¦¦ . v • ¦-.¦.<
DEPENDABLE ' houses are ' in demand ; here's
one MAiUON. GR1KF1N has for sale because
.the owner has urgent business in Eastern
States; 35 rooms; steady income $111; rent
S12G. ?,-;.*•-- ¦ . . ' - -¦ (
" ¦ "AFACT ANDATORTU.NE."
We. offer a 117-room house. for $<)50O; It is
thoroughly respectable and .the profit. Is about
$400 per month.. It isno wonder there is such
a fortune ' in such ¦ a house, 'for it' Is' a fact
that the population of this city is (and has
been for- three years) growing' at tho rate of
25,000 yearly. Respectfully yours, '
> ¦ - , MARION. GRIFFIN.
: "A WORD TO WIVES." - . ' v -
MARION GRIFFIN can'show-WM an S-room
flat- north of Market et. In- wftth you can
make $30 over your house, rent ;' jmi' need only
pay $125 down. ... > , "'. .
•¦" . . . NEW ONE 37.
You'll surely be "on velvet" .when you walk
on these carpets., The fnrnltura? .-"Why, it's
that 'ultra fashionable golden oak and blrdseye
maple. The building; .It's on a sunny corner
and- the- exterior^ appearance is grand and
majestic 'Twill .not ¦ require much money to
pul*you in possession. - Leasehold? 1 - It has ' a
duration" of u ycar3. Sep. MARION GJIIFFIN.
MITCHELL & CO. . ... .1 . .Phone Jessie 20S1
1206 Market «t., opposite Sixth. -
• 10 rooms; neat, sunny.' two-floor house; rent
$40; sell cr exchange; price ?C50.
HR rms.: downtown house; steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
.;•' 26 rms.:-cholce corner room!ng : house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady. roomers. ¦
25 rooms; -well -appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must- Fell; make offer. ;
, anTCHELL ft : CO.. , 1206 Market at. ; •
EDUCATIO.VAL.
A/FihoiTie in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
etudy in ' the entire West. New. complete,
extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring
Instruction. 75-page, catalogue -on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
025 Golden Gate ave. .
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
: ket st.; established 18 years: the school that
secures positions for graduates; just added 13
; new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S "b~USINESS~COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
- for" the univei-sity, law and medical colleges:
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profea-
¦ Bor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you dralre a good position;. Gregg
j ghorthand, Ellis bcokkeepinB-. S. F. Business
Collese. 1230 Maifret st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln., rcech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev.: est. lS&i. Vati
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wcd...Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Lquise Foster's
School cf Dancing-, 153G Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallapher-ilarsh Business College on
advice of offlclal court reporters and be com-
petent, stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, writing, etc.: day eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes*EI»ctriclty. 24 . Post
St.. S. F-; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
bet. Pine and California; classes now open.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEi. SERRANO. 53O California, r.4.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 402 Geary st.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $.1 p«r mo.;
mandolin club $1 per mo. S2S Hafght *t.
SCHOOL^OF ILLUSTRATION" —Day "arid
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Plr.e St.— Nlcht class.
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK.
• experienced teacher.. 101.", Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANlSH.French.etc. Pror.DeFliippe-sAeademy
of languagg.320 Post:estab'»;i.M7t :ablest rrofn
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 MarkeTsTT$100; rupturi
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
AirroMoniLEs.
; A-1W MODEL nutonicblle (French n:ake».
co*» (1259 u*eJ very little: wi'J rell fcr
; SSv'J; al! lii «ood running order, Eox 4:mvj.
I Call offl«. ; —
j NEARLY r.CR- Wiatori toarins cirj .flrKt-c'.af-?
'< condition: rquat be Bold I-nmcdiaf-Iy; own-r
re:-.:n:s East March <i-;h only.' \V1CLLK
; 2?::< >>-..- 171'.i Washington; phone East VSv'2.
! IJL'SIM^SS CHA.VCES;
I A— $1000; SALCO.V aiul Jlqucr store en Sixth
f'.; rca; $CK»; business «J K. but owner is i-n-
| EES^il In oth?r b:is-li:e?s; must sell at once,
j;. t;. WILKE, 2i»Vi Keamy st. .
A— $|. r >00; COl-K.'lK/f-a and crockery store; or.e
: v.r tho lcadli'K tu?lnci"Si-3 of this lilac! and In
j thoK-'i.t iucation in this city; rent $<;5; all
< c-ftfh ir^-'ie; stock will invite* $4000; a very
! rar* cha:ice. I'artituiats It: p. \VII,KE, -<j\t
j Kenmy it.
A— ?i:>0w — tVI.M'iR dsar etand on Kearny;
r'.nt $s5; lent*; a good business; corae and
Investigate. It. O. WILKE. 2<J'.s Kearny st.
Al ULOCK oTland, 800x300. in San I^andro
with huuse of 4 rooms: income $400 per
• year irom fi-ult: will exuhancre for dairy
| ranch. Call H. G. WILKE. 20>4 Kearny st.
A— *2<.H.0~ tALOON in wholesale district; rent
$txt; plan v£tabl,«hed many years and good
rayiry. Can It. O. 'iVILKK, 26',i Kearny st.
A— $K*:0— COnXIiK grocery und bar en Larkin
ft., Joir.g n Ii::e cash business- value in
e'ght; fresh itock; no better locaficn in this
city. See It. G. WILKK. 2<Hfe Keainy st.
A — $2000 — COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
waterfront, clcse t' Market st. ; x>lace cstab-
l.«l;ed year* and well iiayinu; daily receipts
*b"!it $O>. Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
A— $U CO— SALOON, with a rooms; close to
Keamy ar.«i Bush st*; rent $70; lease; place
eaeiiy clears $200 p-r month; nice fixtures,
choicest oi liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A— -T31C0— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
etore: rent $10; daily receipts $40; plao*
clenrins about *175 per month. R. G.
WILKE. 2(i'/j Kearny et.
A— JIT&li — CORN'EU grocery arid bar on
O'FarreK *t.; t-la'.-e kept by present owners
S years und tlclng a good paying cash busl-
nrsffc; fr;ih ttwk: valu\ m sight. H. G.
WILKE, 2t5i-i Kearny st.
A-JQ«- CORNER bakrry, with 4 living
rcojns; ubcut 2 blocks north of Market St.;
irtli bo tai-nSi-ni if sold at once; owners to
leave c't>. Cal! K. G. WILKE, 26 Vi Kearny.
A-^-fCCM — OOSKER saloon with 5 years' lease;
cIok to riroti building; this is the choicest
l"C«tion in this ci'y an.i a flrst-class paying
yfcc^r*ar S-^- It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A — STr.o — CAXDY store and i-e cream parlors.
write fctutlciury. etc.. on Iievisadero St.; 3
liv»ns roomK": * spU-ndid loctition and good
bnatsen. .*• ? H. O. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny.
A— $"l-;0; COAL, hay a:id grain yard; on Geary
si.; rent HO. l-a5e; .'! horses, 0 wagons; busl-
i-e!>« ei-tab. >»-ars; investigate at once; a rare
'.hame. Call !t. G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st.
A-J1W: CCU. raioon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50: lease; a first-class paying place In
choicest location: $150 per month clear guar-
anteed. It. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— $12-X»: COFFEE taloon and bakery In
• cholcf«t location; rent $80; daily receipts
| ebout $70; a good business, but sickness of
(¦¦wrier compels him to ret!re. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2t>*i Kearny st.
A— $S50; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts.; rent $75; a splendid
location and rare business chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 50x100;
houre of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
%c-tc: price $3000; not all cash required; a
pood business. Call, on R. G. WILKE. 26^4
Kearny *t.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houset $350 to $1000
Candy and ice cream parlors. .. .J20O to J250<»
Barber shops $500 to J2300
Cigar stands.... R35O to $2000
Groceries and bar*... $500 to $5(nK)
Palocns f300 to $10,000
Restaurants J350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores S30O to $1(HK>
Drug stores $2000 to $0000
Delicatessen stores ?250 to $4500
Wood and cos 1 yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine location for drug store; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $60:
business already established; with 6 rooms
and bath in rear: elegantly furnished
throughout; everything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality; price $ 1 SCO.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy et.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; fine prospect:
located in Cal. ; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOH sale — Well located candy store; all equlp-
- ment for making own candles: established 8
years; clears over f200 per month: will ln-
vold» about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap r?nt; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. -
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch— Fine
. hardware and electrical supplv store: well
located : clearing $300 per month: first-class
proposition; will stand strict Investigation:
price SSOOQ. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
! GRAND opportunity for two thorough business
men, to get into th» livery business; we have
one of the best paying livery businesses ever
offered in San Francisco; stable owning about
40. horses, working every day, besides a num-
ber of boarders; only those meaning business
need apply; good reasons for selling: will
bear clo?e*t_investigatlon. 1007 J ,i Market, r.l.
SUMMER resort; finest climate; big payer;
complete; near city; sickness; investigate.
in07>i Market st., room 1.
$350— PARTNER wanted in established 1 ccm-
raissicn business clearing $l5iFmonthly; will
give bank references: experience not re-
quired: grand opportunity. 1007Vj Market, r.l.
$1400— FINE, large grocery and bar.near water
front: splendid money- making place for rieht
party. See H. DOYLE. 1023 Market, nr. 6th.
BAK"ERY nnd complete line of delicacies to be
had for $.150: rent. $12: fine trade and rare
business chance. H. DOYLE. 1023 Market.
EXCLUSIVE rights of a valuable V. S patent;
will rr\\ = t sacrifice, not being in a position
to hamiie same; a few hundred dollars can-
not be Fpent more judiciously than tn pur-
chase of this patent. Rr.x 4008, Call office.
WANTED— A partner in a manufacturing bus-
iness; a liquid to kill all kinds of Insect*,
flies, etc.. nt email cost; there Isa large fi>lij
for the sa'p of this article and big profits
to «.he right party. Eox 434.1., Call office.
FOR Nile — A large, well paying bakery, with
Inrge cake tra^e anil 5 to C barrels of bread;
Utest improved wagons ar.d 0 good horse*;
enly a short distance from city. Inquire M
P. TiETELS. 21S California Et.
GOOD b-.ir.lners for sale: in good town; good
reasons for selling; stationery and notion
*:or<?: »li«o Cflll and Chronicle routes: handle
Mjft aar-ers. dally. W. L. BLYTIIE, Peta-
JuTna, Cal.
FOR PALE — Either -svhole cr half Interest In a
Kenfal" merchandise "store in a good town
in r cithern pRrt of Ptate. Address for nar-
tlcularg box 4254. Call office. • •
WANTED— A competent co-worker and etock-
holder in a close corporation; well estab-
i.ehed end hlz dividend paying wine com-
pany. Address W. C. hoy 520. Sacramento.
CONNER grocery and bar with 3 living rooms
fcr *ale: v.-cll .established: rent very !ow
$o5; place well stocked nnd win tell cheap-
no gs-»nt«. Ecx 2002. Call office.
fSOO WANTED, to start up in the , wholesale
5?, n :" r . h V. E;n<r '' : clcs *st investigation, r.ox
4'1j, Call- office.
r-HQTO t-urply store; S1000; good locality, this
city; seed future; will exchange for property
Information apply 10 a.m. to 12 m., 134 litli"
DELICATESSEN, cairy. produce, etc.; fine
r>ailn«*a nnd good location; uood stock; pr!c«
S12-A A£drr*s box 42S3. Call office.
j Cr.OCFniES ar.d bar; transfer point; near
O-jMer. Gate Park; will s-n for $13C0- no
ag*nt«. Box 27C5. Call office. ,• . - °
CI<*,Al; Ftcnd for sale rm 'MontiromTy rt. close
Jo M«tl:»-t- in a sood location for business
Box. 21:74 Cal! offic?.
A GOOD vcriety Ftore; low rent: living rooms;
bargain; must go Kag*-. | 1501 Dcvisadera st.
CIGATt rtore ar.d laundry olfif>e : goodTcsTab^
lUhe«l business. Bex 43IJJ. Call office.
FOR sale— At a bargain, caloon. Ill Second
«reet. • ';-,''
Cin.vn^tar.d: A No. 1 location: rent reason-
able; price S15W; large stocky Box 423S. Call.
faOAtt stand in wholesale district fcr rale
1 rx A'VA. Call olfice.
WANTED— A delicacy etore: one well estab- I
ll^I-eJ- elau> price asked. , Box 4C02,:CaIl.
6AUJOX — Corner: TMUO; best business rtreet
In otty: r^ar Market st. Box ¦ 4«lii. Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions ha* been
opened at IOCS Market St., • opposite Fifth
, C*en until 11 B . m. ¦-, Pi Ultl \
niJSIXESS CHA\CES — Contlnneil.
A— STRANGKRg7"ATl*ENTIONT"
Are you itvjkinK f or . a safe and profitable
buslnet-jj ouenins in San FranciBco? If so,
we can offer ynu any. number requlrinK.an
inw'Etnier.t from $100 to $.'t>,000; every busl-
j new •opportunity that . pa^st-s through our
I office nic?t stand the clo.sfst investigation,
j and we can iilr.ee you in' a *U>re, factory,
¦ liutel. Kiill. offico. cr. In fact, imy business
you may preffr. Klr.<Hv rn.l\ and SnvestiEate.
liI-;i:5IANIA INVEST. Too... »27 Market st.
A — MKRCIIANTS. ATTKNTION !
[ . Do jxu,de-8lrp to cnlcrse your busliieBS, or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we can'
j furnish you with an active or'sllent partner
¦ who v.l!! invest from *1CO to $50, Out); we
i have a larse nurr.b?r of deeirable applicants
on our books <»eekln?j pood biiBtnes!» openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., »27 Market St.
A— g 100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal ' proof ehowing that
any rierson ever lost a dollar who invested
any money' through our company.' - '
GERMAN'JA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated undsr the laws of California.
Capital stock, $50,000. ?
927 Market St., rocma 321; 322, 323. 324.'
A GOOD OPENING.
For a younx man who can invest $500 In a
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; invest-
ment secured and $20 weeklv guaranteed.
GERMANIA' INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
HOTEL FOR SALE, j
New and modern; SO rooms; .richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room, with If. tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the bfst carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen, best sliver service;
10 year*' lease: price $10,000: easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market St.
A SAFE INVESTMENT. '.
$1000 cash and services secure lntere«t and
office of treasurer in an incoroorated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; hlehest references Riven and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 5)27 Market st. '
A — 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward: no •'set-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business e£tab. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
THE BEST INVESTMENT. ~~
100 shares of gold stock cf the Norton Bay
Co. $25; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— TAILORING AND HABERDASHERY.
A first-clars tailor or gentleman familiar
with cents' furnishing goods can secure a
partnership In one of the leading stores in
San Francisco; about $5000 cash required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— BARBER-SHOP.
j For sale. 4-chair ehop: centrally located and
good, established trade; sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of immediate sale.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS.
Wanted, man with $4000 cash to take interest
in stable established 10 years; $200 monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON 4: CO. j Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy «t., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished; up-to-date rooming-house ; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of house; other business Inter-
ests demand Immediate departure.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
86 rooms; corner; rent only $500; best down-
town house in city; electric elevator; well fur-
nished; ruaranteed to clear $400 to' $500 per
month; books open for inspection; everything
in first-class shape; on account other business.
30 rooms; rent only $150; cak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close in; fine money-ma^cer.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year _, contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to ?tiOO per month; obliged to leave
city.
11 rooms: rent $40; close in; oak, cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $5!^ over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
46 rooms; rent «nly $65; well located, hotel
south of Market; fine bar; well stocked; brick
building: electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house. ¦
S-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in. $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $S5; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady
price $1600.
50 rooms; new; modern apartment house: 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern building; in
one of the best cities in Southern California;
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up to date; 0-year lease; rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick. abed.
23 rooms; well furnished; first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks off Market; 5-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
31 rooms: -rent $110; all light-rooms; clear-
ing over $100 per mo.; regular enap; only $800
to get in; must leave city at once; price $1300.
128 rooms; cheap rent; Jong lease;, first-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $t>00 per, month; must
sell on account of other business; only with, us.
9-room. new. modern fiat: 4 months: elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness. • '
50 rooms; elegantly furnished; fine location-
clos** in; new and modern throughout: full and*
clearing $250 to $35(Kper month ; mu6t be Bold
to settle an estate; Jonly face of mortgage now
on it asked; chance of a lifetime.
80 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furnltnre: high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern : flr&t-class grill In
connection; best preposition In city; called
East.
24 rooms; rent $H5; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition-
good lease. '
17 rooms: rent nnl- $70; oak furniture- Ax-
minster carpets; fine location; clears $S0;'fine
buy. . i'^ t
8 rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $30- can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$ 150. • 4 • /'
25 rooms; oak fur.; velvet carpets; close In-
can bo run as boarding-house if desired; $1800."
1C2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house' in San Francisco; beautiful mod-
ern buildine; fine entrance;, cheap rent-' clear-
Ing $100 per month; 5-year lease; part cash
balance S per cent per^ year.' •
18 rooms; rent $S5:.welt furnished; all new
$C0O down, balance l\b per cent; fine buy onlv
$1250. ;*.•;'•"
JJ rooms; rent only $60: north Market- all
full: clears $100 per month; price $lS00- 'will
exchange for small chicken ranch. . ' , ,
'106 rooms; new; most elegantlr appointed
family hotel in city: all full and clearing $100
to fCOO per month: books open for inspection-
obliged to leave city. . "' | j
7-room flat; rent $40: "oak -furniture -'eood 1
carpets; sickness; price $350. ' BOM :
.72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new bulUlIne- "
swell family - hotel;, beautirul furnif>hine« :
clearing $GO0 per month; every room full- will 1
stand the. strictest, investigation; location un- i
surpassed. ¦ ,
100 ROOMS, Funny corner, rent $125 mvm
40 rooms, . south of Market, rent $lio' 'ttoo ,
4C room?, MUsion warm belt, rent £85 220<»
20 rooms. Dimmer, resort, rent $400 yr" 060 t
14 rooms, fine location.' rent low. ...".. TOO i
Hot*ls and summer resorts .
t KITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny «t. \
FOn fialo— Modern 153 rooms- '
new. elegant furniture; low rent, long lease : >
splendid location; will' guarantee.- n large in'
6 on casy ;
FOR SALE— 21 rooms; lodging-house- clears
$S0 ever expenses; low rent; investigate Box
2704. Call office. ' *!'."?* <
$1200 FOR18,f!ne rooms: in good business lo- ¦
cality; rent' $75. , H.- DOYLE. . 1023 Market. <
22 ROOM8-. $S00; first-class place; In down- 1
town center. HARRY DOYLE. 1023 Mark**.
JCHJT c. SFR£CKEI>S, Proprietor.
P MARTIN Business iIav^f " r
THE CA^I.. Th- Oiriraiv .TV il Cea;
i'cts Wirii tU? l)-r?r-<n;rr.i Vo'jV.A'.
3'ub!'c»;.ca OMoc M«rttrt anJ Third. P. F.
mitcrUe.: Tacr: 2U to V'l'l fitcvMSon ft.
Dsijvtr.-4 \,y Carriers. »• O*. Per \\>«k. 75
C-. J'cr Month. Hinsle O-opI^s 6 c " r ''?;..,,_
Iu W by ileii. Ir.cltiir* Pofltaza tCa&a W ..n
I>A1I.V CALI^ C!i>clu4. t?'iinl3y>. 1 >e«r...SV'^
DAIL.Y CAUL (Ja:luJ Bua-UrJ. C n-os 4_w,
DAILY CAVLr-Br *'>zz'-'- Mor.Th
Pl«%t>AY CASJL. 1 Tfa." r -±t
'.vei:t;:.t call, i Y"«r i.w
fe!¦Uau^ ..SS.Si> IVt Te»r I-.Svra
F" ;!r:;»JN- J s.i-Aay. 4 15 Per Y«-ar Extl»
POSTAGE. [ucrtly. l.CO Per Vc«r Extra
AIL J'OSTMAETEHS ARE At^TKORIXED
TO KECEZVE BCBSCKIFTIOXS-
Eairr'.e Copies will be forwardeo «t™ re-
quested. *
Juai! euhscrlbers in ordering chanee o. afl-
thould b« p*rt'.>'V!:Rr to ?ive both .NEW
AND OLD ADDr.JESS in order to ]n-^re a
rrorr.pt tr.d correct conir''' anc * w 'tl > . tr.e.r re-
«uess-
OAKI.AN"D OFFICE: .
jj2« r:rD«d»ray Telephone Main I0B3
EEHKEI.ET OFFICE: _
214S Cccter fc'lrect Telephone North > <
WASH INOTON CO-RESPONDENT:
BAKUKL W. WALT. H^tcl Barton
NEW TOKK NEWS STANDS:
W«!*rrf- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. «1
Un:cr. Square; Murray Hill Hotel; FSfih-aye-
t-t i!o;el sn<! HorTrr-an House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eher.niaa Hc;$«; F. O. Ne»'« Co.; Grtat
JCorthcm Uc\cl: T-e»r>.ont Haute; Auditor.um
Hotel: palmer Houac.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATIVS:
C GEOR«E KKOOXESS-.Marquette BuCdln*
(Lcrih Di»--!i!;ce Teltrhore. 'Centra: 2'.}:0.">
SEW YORK KEFUE-SENTATIVE.
BTEPHES B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NET rORK COKRESPONDENT:
C. C. CATXTON Heralil S<iuar«
....... ...-,. OFFICE, of the Par Franci-eo
. -it Mr.;Ket Hr.d Third elTCCS*: --VP.
' URANCHi OFFICES:
;•¦¦ V". . street, opposite Fifth; open until
r;;' Mcctraner? urcct. terser Clay; open
nn'JI :<:'JJ v ra.
S<y. I la yes stttet: ofKTi Hntll 0:30 p. tn.
CX> UcAV.-rtcr Etrciet; ope* UMH 9:30 p. m.
Cl.i Larkla street ; cx>cn uctil 9:30 p. m.
1^4! Xis'-ion etrett; open unti! 30 r- ltl -
t^l V.-rket street, ccrcrr Sixteenth; open
uriti: V p. m.
*500 f.ifv;n:h street; of-<ii BBtU 9 p. rn.
3"?'C V»!rad» street; cren unMl P p. m.
JCoe\Stc»«t corner Church atid l>unc«a streets;
orcr- iir.t:i 0 r- rn.
No:t!ivif-Et caracr et T«-esty -second and Ken-
tu'ky streets: op*n until 9 p. m.
£g< r ' F;::n:arg ftrt^t: oi>»n until 9 r>. ta.
mSBTISG .\O TICKS.
I STATED meetinj: of San
" ianc!»co Consistory No. 1 will Attt^flgflB*
\j- l>c-ld in Connmandery Hall. fftej^5ifK-jJl
-'..-•:• Temple. THCRPUAY / ( t'^-?yy-**>V*
KVENING. March 24, X'MH, at jj _^Ll_S
b o'clock, lor tranysction of \ty5wgTZF-
ljurinpss HENKY BURNER, *> $£*?&"
lilESION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M. — «
?pt^i3l meeting THIS (THURSDAY) W
EVENING at 7:U0 o'clock. M. M. />r\
»>T5d 1'. 3i. degrees. By order of the
H. P. JNO. K. HIL.LMAX, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodfre No. 1. F. and A. »
M. «il! meet THIS (THURSDAY) VV
H\ KNiNG at 7:30 o'clock. Third <le- /\f\
rr!*. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. O
M.— Fie-ial meeting THIS (THL'RS- VV
l»AYt EVENING at 7:3«> o'clock. /VN
TJurd df^ree. Master Masons cor-
dially incited. By crder of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary-^
EOt'TH BAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. m
212. F. and A. M.. meets THIS W
¦ THURSDAY* EVENING at 7:"0/V\
o'clock for third degree. Master Ma-
sons cordially invited. By crder of the Mas-
ter. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lotfpe No. 21«. F. and A. II. — «
Third THIS (THURSDAY) "VVf
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Master Ma- />f\
*rns cordially invited. By order of the
Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
ETAIta KING I-odge No. 3*4. F. and A. ®
II.. 317 I><^ isadero et. — Second degree "VVf
THIS .THURSDAY) EVENING at /VN
7 :3'» o'clock. Master Masons cordially
invitf-d. By crder of the V.'. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
PACIFIC LodKe No. 155, I. O. O.
F.. v-i'.'. raeet THIS ¦THURS- - - >gWsBwgi
i.AVi EVENING, March 24. at
7:->> Ehat*ii. in Mecnortal Hall, to *#m?S^'
c^iehrnte our thirty-fifth anniversary and
entertain Templar R^lx-kah Lodge. Mem-
bers are invited to bring t!ic:r familiesr and
their friends. Visiting brothers cordially
welcomed. A. W. MINAKER. Noble Grand.
E". V. CULVER. Secretary.
COURT JUSTICE No. 16. F. of A.— y «
The officc-rE ar.d members of the V/ jk
above court are reouet-:ted to attend cj/
the funeral of our lau brother. A. jSI
GUNDERSON, from the residence of <S»
his p^r»-nts. 120 Erie St., THIS DAY
iTHUftSDAYK March 24, at 130 o'clock
p. it;. l*y crder of
K. E. HANCOCK, C. R.
fAUest) H. LEOPOLD. Fin. Sec.
TlflJ *-an Fr^ncii^-o Scottish Thistle v v -
C!nb rr.*-ets THIS (TIIVRSDAT) ?, Qi/^
EVENING :n Fraternity Hull. 32 "«CLX«
O'Ka:rcll St., at S o'clock. Ladies'
r.!r''!t GF.O. W. i'ATERSON. Royal Chief.
A. K. CAKLISLE. Recorder.
N''*i! ! "i> cf stcckholders' meeting of the TJnit»d
• 'ruri* O.I Ccrapaitjr i« corporatior.) — A stock-
c ;tO'.r:-' :\>k< tinfr xril 1 . Ite held at the com-
I-ir.i'^- office. Ti-om 41S r'arrot-. building. San
Frar-.cisco, Cal.. on WEDKESDAX. April IS.
,:•• J. at 12 t.'clock rocn, for the purpose of
e!iti'.:.i; a beard of director* to f?rve for the
crr^uins ><ar and fcr the transaction cf such
i.tlier buslne»* as may be j/roixrrly brought
fc«'cic the above nipftins.
L. VTOODBUBT Secretary.
ANNUAL neeting — The annual meeting <~f the
ktnc*ho44er> of tbe \VL"STKHN £*<JGAR
rni'INl.-CG COMPANY will be heM
iT th» x'fice of ¦ ha eomrar.y. No.
kZZI rx.. Ear Francisco. California
«>n MONDAY, the S81S day of March. 19(M, at
t!.t- ho-;r ta 12 ra.. :cr the p'Jr^^e or elect-
ire " fcoard cf <!1rf-ctcrs to ferve Tor tho
crsu.Kg rear. cr;d ihe transaction of kucIi
ether bu-:ness as may oome before the meet-
lr.K- T-scsfer boo+:» will dote on Friday
Msrcb is. 1WK. at J2 tn. W. II. HAX.VAM,
A WKESTS r.f>vs fcr J cent*— The Weekly CalT
16 rar'-a. '.T: trra?p>r.f.-M- mailing, tl -per year.
X AGEVTS \VA\TEU.
AGENTS wanted throyghout California, Ore^
pen ar.d W^shlaCtOO . ny a n «-*' tontine d!a-
niord cor-.par.y : lilwral coauotaKbaa. Address
ClvteK referTcep.^lIanascr, J10S Parrott bid.
ACKXS'fi in every town where phmiee are used;
no-'. h-j;-t'er* can make f3O a w««k; sells en
sifiht. Call «t r*->-.2.\Qc swrnrn for sair.p'e to
rncin ."4. 421 Market st.. ti. r.'. Cal. .
AGENTG—An ateticy for a rropo-.itlon that it
t iecl.lr-d SreproTcment en' building and loan
Is vc-rth having., fireat Western Improve-
raeiit Co»rpany. rarrott fcuildinc.
SHVnilAL Al oilicltors; g"iod-paylnir proposi-
tton. Adtfref e. friv!n£ references. Manager
50? Parrott b-jlldinr.
AGENCIES for every city or the Union for th*
Marqui* Hair Tcnir Co.: liberal tern:*, il j
Vn*l st.. San Fr^ncisc^ Cal.
A3Tjcstris3:arssrT wthtijto^
HAVING reoenlli- ariti5re<J ihrcucb exchange
of pmj>srly three MO iK-hoip.rshir.s In the bi-»t
Coliese »f Adverti.'itic in ihc United Stau-s.
T'w;;i s»II tt-pni at 2T> »»er cent discount for '
crth: th» c»Uc«c tcachc* advertising \vrit-
'.n/r by corr«rpocder.?e vrA r>j?iFt« its grad-
i;at«r- to efurt posJUncs; cata!ciru»» ' f ur-
r.:yh«-1 mi ar-t<ilr;t»«, n. Ad^rfgs box :;02fi. Oil I.
"attorxevs-at-law;
A PRIVATE, quick ilrorc* for a. Birall fee.
fc*-* xr*.e -iViti five jx*oi,eyj no pay Jn 3'ivanc*
G. U\ HOWE, ATTOnNI?Y-AT-LA^V
r-«-tsbi;»ned *J2 n*.; nns. 1. 2. S. 4 & 5. 1st IL
!!:"J Ma:k»t r.t.. bctnrecc Ma*ou cr.d Taylor.
M!^:tf f.-e« all raaitera. DetecUvea ercployed.
H V-'i KING. A*torney-»t.LaTr, Exam. Tldjc^
«ith ".•^•r. rrtrance r<»n?n Cll: «r.ta.lir!flje4
}*»:*: a<; <as«"t. uer.^ral court and office prac
'ii<<f: rr r«.« i:i advance or for contaltation;
*»rz:ir..;j! by Rppoiatn:ent. Tel. Red SG01.
UIVOrtCE— Cot-ts. $12; cuicit «juletT a3vlc«
rrgfe; cp»n ever.lnga. 327 Market et.. rm. 30L
X- G. CLAUK. 027 Market St.; con«ulutloa
Irte; do U cs in advance; cpen evenings. -
FREE TO CLASSIFIED ADVERTISERS
THE BEAUTIFUL POSTER PICTURE
"QUEEN OP THE BUTTERFLIES"
A STRIKINGLY ORIGINAL CONCEPTION IN COLORS, PRINTED ON
HEAVY AND HIGHLY POLISHED BRISTOL BOARD. -> j* SIZE i6x2Q.
"QUEEN OF THE BUTTERFLIES."
This clever and exclusive study can be obtained by placing a WANT AD in next
Sunday's CALL; and in no other way can one be secured. .
Premium will be given Thursday, Friday and until 11 p. m. Saturday; after that
hour offer will be closed.
Tell your WANTS in next Sunday's CALL and you will be speaking direct -to
over 85,000 regular subscribers of that popular and valuable advertising medium. It is
safe to figure on an average of three readers to every Sunday CALL issued, so you
are really .talking to 255,000 persons, most of whom are home people, consequently a
well-to-do and desirable class of our community to consider in locating your wants
and advertising your wares.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at: ,
. - .BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and .Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: .
I 1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. r
V 300 Hayes street;- open until 9:30 p.m.
y: 639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m. -: . .
i 615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
I • 106- Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. I .
. 109G .Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m. .
2200 Fillmore street; open until Dp. m. ..
OAKLAND OFFICE:
111S Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street V. Telephone North 77
, ' . ¦ ALAMEDA OFFICE: H
.Schneider's Book Store. r Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1004.
13
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
CTiOK and dining-room girl, sanitarium.$30-»2<)
Cock and second ffirl, same house, Pan
Mateo, see lady office, 10 o'clock to-day..
: $35-425
Chambermaid and seamstress, city $25
4 second girls, city $20-$25
3 nurse girls ". .$20-f25-$.>5
Chambermaid and waiting, country hotel.. $25
Laundresses, no shirts, city $30
Cook, 4 In family, Alaxneda *30
Housework, Berkeley, no washirig *30
Cock for ranch, eee lady city <S5
W) gTitral housework glr'.s, city ard coun-
try. *20. $25, $30. Apply to J. F. CKOSETT
& CO.. KJ4 Sutter et.
A FRENCH nurse, speaking no English, $25;
ccok and 6econd girl, same place, country,
S'M and $20; cook and small washing, $30;
second girl, country, $25; second girl, Berke-
ley, $20; waitress and parlor maid. $25 each;
10 housework girls, $30, $25. $20. MISS
PLUNKETT, 423 Sutter St., near Powell.
A STRONG young woman to work in Ham-
mam baths; $25. MISS PLUNKETT, 423
Eutter tt., near Powell.
A — WANTED— Girls to leara halrdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to those euterlng now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13. *
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taueht from start to finish
in 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc, guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening cists. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdressing
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1230 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at hi chest wage*; day and eve. class; call.
/ * — — —
WOMEN and girls wanted. Apply immediate-
ly. California Canneries Co.. Brannan'st..
between Third and Fcnrth.
LADY vocalist wanted to sing in music store;
contralto preferred; state style of voles, ref-
erence and weekly salary expected. Address
box 4002. Call office. »
WANTED — Young woman who Is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. .Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Operators on wrappers. MARKS
BROS., 1220 Market st.
FTRST-CLASS finisher on coats. 1103 Market
st. ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM.
YOUNG girl; light housework. Apply TO7
Hartford St.. bet. lsth and 10th.
GIRL wanted to wait at table; no housework.
MfO Harrison st.
FINISHERS on custom coats; high wages.
Apply bQ9 Mission st. '
YOUNG girl, assist in light housework: even-
ings, also Sunday afternoons, off. 621 Halght.
MILLINERY salesladies wanted at once. Ap-
I>ly superintendent's office, the Emporium.
GIRL wanted — To assist with care of children.
1457 Fulton st.
A FIRST-CLASS saleslady for cloak and suit
houge; city experience. Box 4004. Call.
A GOOD sensible stenographer with knowledge
of bookkeeping. 1138 Mission st.
WANTED — Refined, middle-aged lady, no In-
cumbrance; companion to lady: small wages
and good home; references. Address box
1075. Call office. Oakland. f
WANTED — A flrst-clsss waist finisher. MME.
H. M. KRAFT. 578 20th st.. Oakland. .
COAT finishers wanted; none but first-class
hands nt-ed apply. 6. N. WOOD & CO., 27
Geary st.
COAT operators wented to make sleeves and
__llninjrs. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — First-class waist and coat helpers.
J. BAER. 1200 Geary st
A YOUNG German girl for housework; assist
In delicacy store. 709 Larkin st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 163S Buchanan St.. bet. 9 and 12.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan tt Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for Ui« reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions ha? been
opened at 1009 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until II t>. m. A
~ HELP WA.\TED-rMALE.
a^pacTfic "e^ipTo^^e^t~age^ncy.^ " jv
520 — Montgomery st.' — 526.
Phor.» Main 1101 — Upstairs.
North — Part free far*.
6 tunnelmcn, big Job. company work; also
4 timb€MiK-n. same place, $3 day.
Nevada — Government wprk — S hours.
15 teamsters, 10 rockmen, 10 laborers, 3
ranch teamsters, see boss here; blacksmith
ar.d do farm work, bo*s here; choreman,
ranch; gardener, private place; 0-horse team-
rter. mine, ?«(> found; 5 woodchoppers, 20
colliers.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY. "
14 Th?rd « ...Phone Bush 4C5.
NEVADA.
Government Job, 8 hours.
20 teamsters, • j: 2.1 h day
2« rockmen, $2 IWJ a day
2ft laborers, $2 00 a day
SPECIAL J CHEAP FARE
10 tiemaker*. redwood, 15c each.
10 woodchnppers. pine wood, $1 25 cord; sum-
mer's Job; board $13 a month.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
&5 Ttlrd st. Tel. Main C521.
Driller* 52 25
Latorers ....$2
Tunnelmen $2 ,V»
2-horse teamster* $2
4-bcrte teamsters $2 25
HOrtD & SMITH.
COACHMAN. $35 and found; man about place"
130 and found: farmer and wife, $35 and
found; choreman, $15 and found: dairyman.
$35 and found; restaurant cook. $S0; bakw.
country shop. $15 week and found; oyfcier
man. $40; lunch counter man. $45; omnibus
iran and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery St.. r.12
— 2 pantrymen. $40; waiter, $30; clerk, hotel,
$75; twllboy, $15.
WANTED— First-clans butler, $30. MISS
PLUNKETT, 423 Sutter et., near Powell.
___ L E
Men to learn the barber trade tn two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free MOLER System
College. tC5 CUy «t. .
WANTED — Several brteht boysi 1*S to 18
years old, good references, to learn a whole-
sale business; salary $13 per month to begin
with; rpply in own handwriting. . Box 4112,
Call office.
BOY about 16 years of ag« with reference.
Apply S. N WOOD & CO.. 740 Market St..
tallortns; department.
COAT operators wanted for steady work;
wages no object. S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
Gtary st.
GOVERNMENT position*— Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7, for free Information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings.
GBOCERY salesmen wanted — Experienced
clerks. Apply superintendent's office. - The
Emporium.
YOUNG men, about- 17 years of age. for
tiotk clerks, etc. Apply superintendent's
office. The Emporium.
BRIGHT boy who lives at home to run elec-
tric passer.ffer elevstor In "wholrsale house;
Ftate ace and references. Box 4117, Call.
A GOOD boy who lives with his parents to
learn the awning trader must be over 18
y»*rs. 1139 Mission st.
A MAN of indomitable energy and pui-h. a good
talker, easer to make monev F. PERSON.
477 and 476 Parrott building.
ERRAND boys wanted. MARKS BROS., 1220
Market st.
BOY. 14 years old, in srrocery store. FLAD-
MARK'S. Bakrr and Fulton «t.
BUHHELMAN wanted. S. N. WOOD" & CO.;
27 G?ary st.
AN experienced wrapper at 8. N\ WOOD ft
CO/ P. 740 Market st.
HUSTLING j-oung man; $15 atart. Call 9:30
mornings. MR. KEYE8. 88 Murphy building.
WANTED — Salesman, drapery and curtain de-
partment. R. & CO.. box 4113. Cay office.
OFFICE man, light work, $50 month and
commission; $150 required. 1221 Market at.
PRESSBOY at the Native Printing Office. 519
Filbert st. : $6 per week.
APPRENTICE machinist. 250 Fremont st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale. 48 Sacramento
street.
WANTED— Young man who Is an experienced
*-xpre*s dry goods wrapper. Apply bet 0 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS'. °
WANTED— Bootblack, boy preferred. Arena
Barber Shop, 1161 Jefferson St., Oakland.
YOUNG men (sailors) wanted ' for steamers.
29 Montgomery ave.
WANTS ir THEY ONLY KNOW WHAT YOU WANT
POSITION wanted by trained nurse in doctor's
oiflce; beet of credentials; 10 years' experi-
ence. Bcx^OSe, Call office.
YOt"NG German girl would like a position for
" **<"ond work and waitress; wages $25. Box
j4t*7. Call rfflce.
COMPETENT, reliable, good woman, work by
the <lay. warhlng or house-cleaning, $1 50 a
day. l J !ea»i? call at 5S Valley tt., betw«?en
Baa Jose ave. and XH>!ores st.
YOUNG lady, German, withes position as gov-
erneei or companion: also teaches French.
Address ¦';""> day st.
COMPETENT m!<!d!e-aged New England wo-
man wiFhes position as cock; city or coun-
try. 331 OFarrell st
DBF^SMAKER and assistant wish engage-
ment by the dsy: remodeling a specialty.
A<J<irtts postal 507 Post rt. a
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation, city
cr country; good rook: willing and obliging
Roctn Eg, 14"{ Third et.
EXPERIENCED stenographer: has had se\-en
>«* r *' experience; can operate any machine;
_^>**t of references. Box 443S. Call ofBce.
"WANTED— A place as maid: no objection to
travel: be*t of references. Box 4<OS. Call.
NEAT German g'.rl wirhes* situation as second
work in country; wages $25. liox 4251. CalL
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT a<!« and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eatcn's Bazaar. 633 McAllister tt.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
ENGLISH coachman and gardener wife
as cook or housework. Just arrived, best of
Eastern references, wish situations. See J.
V. CROt'ETT & CO.. 534 Sutter su
TOUNG man. 2S years of age, 11 years' gen-
eral experience both wholesale and retail In
novelties, house furnishing goods and
grocer's sundries, war.ts position with good
concern, either in or out of city, whers
clo»=e aDDlioation to business Is appreciated;
<an furnish th»» btst of reference. H. A.
FMITH. 10S2 Burn st.. ean Francisco.
AN experienced lawyer, bookkeeper, corre-
Fpcr.dtr.t. business manager, etc.. will ac-
cept position on email salary with corpora-
tion. Box 4003. Call.
A RELIABLE, sober man. handy with tools:
have email capital and services to invest.
Box 4001, Call oiflce.
BARBER — Firet -class from New York, wants
frei-clas? position. Address Barber, box
4405. Call office.
BARBER wants position In city limits: sober,
steady mer,: married; city references; union.
Box 4114. Omll office.
TOUNG French couple, of good education, de-
sire employment; private family; wife to do
housework cr cooking, husband to care lor
horses, drive and general work. FELIX
CRIMAUD. CS3 Broadway.
EXPERIFNTED German carp-nter and mate
would l:ke to take fencing Job cr anything in
this trade: country preferred; letters. A. A.,
care of Fred W. Jcosten. 500 Third st.
A YOUNG German war.ts situation as bar-
tender in countrj' hotel or saloon; a grood.
tobf-r all round man; best of references. Ad-
••IrfSE box H*it), Call office, Oakland.
A GOOD, honrst young man would like position
on privat* place: thoroughly understands care
Of gar-Jen. Address box 1CS7, Call office.
Oakland.
i:\PEP.IENCED miner wants position In
mine; can sharpen tools; wife to cook fcr
•¦meJl crew. Box 4107. Call.
FIRST-CLASS eellarman (German) wants posi-
tion to tend bar. O. BCHELLER. 562
Kact Twetftfi Ft.. Ea.s=t Oakland.
MAN and wife want work on ranch; w4i# cook
end housework, man understands all kinds
of wcrk; be?t of rrferei.ces. Bex 44*50, Call.
.YOUNG nmn. H5 years old. would like to hear
e* f-Jfition in grocery store; 7 years' experi-
ence and good references. liox 41O3. CaJl.
BARBKR— Fir«-c:ass from New Ycrk, wants
first-class to^tlon. Address Barber, box
_44T., Call office.
F7KAPY, re!!*Me 5^andinsvlan wants work
of stjv k!nl: <an drive end care for horses,
mx 40"J3. Call office.
CLOTHING and furnishing ealeamaa w»nts
eteady 5-,b. Box 4CU7. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER war.ts to k«>ep small set books
<iur:ng leisure time. Box 4356. Call office.
A LICENSED engineer and machinist w&nts
po5ltiOTi: city references. Box 4339. Call.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a situation to do
cooki.if and general housework; wares $6
up. {?. P.. 122'~4 Turk srt.
JAPANE5E boy. 22 years old. wants a situa-
tion as schoolboy. Box 41O, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertieements and
»¦-!>¦• r:; :.• i. •• has been established at 1OEMS
Vslcri'-u srt.
FEATHER REWVATI5O.
fiY new healthful process. Cal. Strata Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness av*.; tel. Howard 3167.
FLATS TO LET.
AA A— HOuiE~RENTIN'G~DEPA BTMEXT "
All desirable vacant hr.uses and flats are list-
ed tn our fr** renting department: °**r 1O00
lr. cusibcr; a cocibtned list from all agencies:
let us gtve you a list and heip you to find a
place; «e never fail; #ervlee free.
BTERUNO FURNITL'RE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
JL — ZIOTTEKS and flats to let; aa Immense list;
crv» absolutely free; take advantage of
t&is department: It will save you time and
trouble. Ccrdes Furniture Co- 245-259 Geary
ct., on the square.
LOWER flat.' 7 rooms and bath; latest im-
rro^eraenxj!. 2732 Mission et., between
Twenty- third and Twenty- fourth.
FLAT— 232 Oak *t. ; 5 rooms, bath; large base-
rrtnt.
DKHOX. 63, brt. 16th and 17th. nr. Sanchex—
*Ji;j*r fiat; 4 nice rooms, bath; no children.
NEW modern 7-room flat; rent $35. 2117 How-
ar* rt.
FOVKTHIN'CJ new; 4 rooms; B»e It to-day.
TOT H8>e» *t.
ELEGANT, eunny, cor. fiat, 2 stories. 12 nna.
2 bath*; marine view; $75. Tel. Geary 448.
LAGUXA, 27C3-- EJeyant comer flat. 7 rooms,
bath: marine vl?w; fSO; II to 12. 4 to 5.
LIVPEN ave.. 60*5 — Tbre« alee sunny rooms.
. basement; rent 911.
SKK the 4 rooirs. b»th. at 957 Hayes to-4ay:
nothing like It in city; mcigerate rent-
n.ATS TO LET — FITIXISIIED.
WASHINGTON, 2fc.*-3. n<>«r Alts Plaza— Beau-
tifully furnished *ur.ny flat of 7 rooms. *
EtT.'NT flat o» 4 rooms and bath: new- re*-
troT-r.hl.-. 1-23 Ot..>rr«ro: phrme Church 5S36.
FLATS FOR SALE KlUMSHED.
FURNISHED f.at'of '0%o^m"r'f"o7^aTe~feVson~
able in North Beach district; furnltur* all
ir-arl;- r,p» and in first -class condition Box
1W3 OH ©fSc.
VAN NKSS av«-.. R07— For Bale, ch*-ap fuml-
ture in 7-room flat; several rooms rented
Hours. lO^to 3 Sat. and Sun., after 3 wk. days.
?SO~ A BC5TKY 3-rnom flat; new furniture"-
rent $12. 50S Franklin et.
175 IF- »cM this week; 6 room*; r*nt $16.
1XEOAXT fum)rh»d flat fcr sale cheap- on
'"•''junt of rlcknrw. Apply 150 Eddy st.
ITRMTtRE FOB SALE. ~
CHEAPEST place to bur furniture, stoves and
• household goods of every description; flats
bought. Mission Auc.nouse.429-439 Valencia.
Fl'ItMTCRE WASTED. ~
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44C2.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H
BLTiD. «uctione«T.181f> Mkt. :tel. Howard 275«."
|1OL , SES TO LET> — ~
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-'
. cular. O. H.UMDSEN «c CO.. 20 Montgomery.
MCALLISTER. 1263 — 12 rooms, bath and bll-
* yard-room; $60; water free; modern.
BKFCJTtE moving get our printed list of bouses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. *5 p on st.
HOLSES TO LET — PL'RXtSllED.
A — 10 LARGE rooms. p!ano. bath, basement,
hfzi.fr. laundry. large garden, conservatory:
nirr.y ride Sacramento st,. near Pierce; will
]• av. For r^emslt to Inspect apply to SPECK
A CO.. 203 Montgomery st. •
hbi.p \v * \TF,n— m **'?*T"f'5*"** W^!.*?;
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
Phone' Main S848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
In 1U03 we gave > During 1004 we hope
¦ work to 60,000 men. to Increase 60,000.
Do you sneak
Italian — German— Spanish 7
Greek— French— Swiss?
We do.
Reduced rate*. Cheap fares to
Nevada — Nevada.
To Nevada Etrfte.
8 hours day; Government work: 8 hours day.
25 teamsters, ship to-night, $2 day.
lw laborers, ship to-night.
Rockmen, drillers- Irrigation ditch.
Free fars
If you stay 4 months.
Nevada State.
Government work.
Ship to-night.
Gold mines.
Copper, sliver.
15 single and double hand drillers, $82 50.
8 machine miners, $90. *¦ •
Don't be etlngy with your distance; get
closer to
Lands of sunshine,
¦Where man can 'work every day.
Biz wages.
A risona— Arizona.
Close «o Prescott: 910 miles.
$9 10; that's all.
555 laborers, teamsters, drillers, rockmen, etc.
Center srreat mines.
Milkers. *
26 milkers, all parts of California, $30, $35.
$40 found.
'4 buttermakers, $40 and found.
12 farm and ranch hands, $25, $20. $30 found.
4 milkers, fare paid north. $35 and found.
5 choremen, i $20, $25, $35 and found.
Woodchnppers, etc.
125 woodchoppers, all over Stats.
Poetmakers, shakemakers, etc. .
2 farm hands, together, Oregon. $80 found.
Look. .
Boy for city store. $5.
6 boys, learn trades, $4, $5, $8 week.
Gardeners, flowers and vegetables, $40.
Men and wU'es.
8 farmers and wives. $40, $50, $00 found.
Hotel Department. •
8 cooks, different hotels, ranches, mines,
etc.. $30 to s«5; 6 waiters; bell, elevator
boys. C15 to R40 found. -
Porters, Dishwashers, Roustabouts.
2 laundrymen, extra good jobs, $15 week.
Foreman, scraper gang on ranch; 4 married
farmers, vineyard; second cook, city hotel,
• $45 found.
Man and wife, man cook, wtf«>chambermald,
$45 found. .
.Farmer and wife, berry ranch, $40 found.
MURRAY & READY. 834 and 626 Clay st.
EIGHT hours day. -. ,
Steady Jobs.
5 plasterers, $5 day
!» hod carriers and mortar mixers, $3 50 day
0 plumbers, $4 day
23 carpenters, $3 50 day
10 painters, all round men, $3 50 day
fl paperhangers, $3 50 day
1 glazier. $3 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. j
2 MACHINE miners. $90. | — —
Machinist, iron works, country. $3 60 day.
4 'Italian laborers, factory. *2 day.
SECOND FOREMAN
For a vineyard, boss here 8 a. m., $40 found.
Cook, grill, fare $3. $50 found.
MARRIED.
Choreman and wife, man do chores, wife
wait on table at mine, boss here, $60 found.
Carpenter's helper, city, $2 day.
Cook, wife, lumber Co., boas here, $90.
B rravel miners. No. 1 mine. $00.
Cheese and butter makers, $35 to $4O found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 630 Clay st.
~ CARPENTERS. '
35 carpenters, big job, 8 hours, $3 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
BARBERS, attention! For sale — Complete out-
fit nf 10 porcelain tub baths, with water
heater. 628 Broadway.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at' $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
BARBER shop for sale; 3 revolving chairs:
completely 5 fitted. H. BERNARD, 104 7th «.
BOY wanted In drug store. 499 Goygh st.
BARBERS — 3-chair shop for sale downtown.
Apply STOLTZ, "23 Market st.
FOR sale — One-half Interest In (rood barber i
chop; bargain. 1547 Mission st.
HALF interest In barber shop. 611 Commer-
clal st. t
Pension Atty., E. A. Bullis. r. 40, Phelan bldg.
Pnst Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition In S-. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard at.
YOUNG nien. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters,
green hands, for ships. Herman's, 27 Steuart. ;
WINCHESTER Hotel, U Third st. nearMarl
ket— 700 rooms: 35c night: reading-rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes /nen's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission St.. bet. 1st *nd 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. &e3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITORS WAg-raiT.
WANTED— ™
Ladles or gentlemen; guaranteed salary $75
to $100 per month and expense*, traveling or ,
local, and In addition we will pay all your
expenses to Ht. Louis Exposition and return;
Investigate at once. Call at 476 13th st , r. 7,
Oakland. MRS. SAP.AH H. MOTT. Manager.
HOUSES AND WACrOKS. ~~
REGULAR auction sales of horses, buggies.
/ wagons and harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at 615 Ellis at.; all horses guaranteed
to be as represented. 8. WATKINS. Auc-
tioneer. Phone East 743.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m., 327 Sixth st. : every horse must b«
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
$75 — BAY mare; good driver; also good under
saddle: must be sold at once. Apply to L.
J. KORAN, 2131 Shattuck ave., opposite
Berkeley station.
A FIXE mare, good for delivery wagon, fami-
ly carriage or any other purpose; sound and
gentle. Apply box 10R8. Call office, Oakland.
BAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College — Next
session begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREEI.EY, 510 Golden Gate ave.
80 HEAD vounu stock. 7 to 14 months old.
Apply J. T.EIPSIC. 1421 Buchanan st.
Dr. J. H. Halton, vetfrlnary surgeon. Office,
hospital moved 8H Folsom; tel. Jcsste 1606.
HORSE 6 years old for sale. Box 2961. _ Call
office.
WANTED — A horse for driving: state price,
etc Box 2«75. Call office.
WANTED— A good, sound. work horse about
1200 pounds. Box 2903, Call office.
CAMPING house wagon; great for theatrical
parties. Owner at 640 Howard st
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale, cheap. 532 Miseton st.
Largest assortmt 20 -hand wagons, buckbd, sur-
rey.harness, work, driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
~~ Jlost ajvd found.
LOST— Scotch collie bitch pup; color white,
with sable cars and sable spot on center of
back; answers to name of Queen. Finder
please return to undersigned and receive re-
ward. JOHN J. ROWE.-1708 Mission St.
LOST— March 15. on Mission St., bet. 3d and
yth, black maie fox terrier, white chest, 4 tan
Jeet, short tail.. Return 262 Tehamast.; lib-
eral reward.
LOST— Fox terrier dog; name Rlggles; white
body; tan head: black collar trimmed brass.
Reward If returned to Hotel Netherland, 18
Turk st. • -
LOST.— A water spaniel, female, mostly white,
with brown spots on back and ears; rope,
and part of shipping tag on neck when lost.
Return to 10 Turk st. and receive reward
LOST— March 22. vicinity Market and First
sts.. ticket to Honolulu, S. S. Siberia. MRS.
A. C. BARKER. Pacific Mall S. S. Co. office.
STKATED — Great Dane dog, 4 white feet; col-
lar and license on. Return to HAYDEN'8
market. 120 Ninth st.. city. - ,~
LOST — National Union emblem; diamond set-
ting. IteturntoMSpearst^S^^FVrreward.
LOST— Esquimaux bitch; name Zara; with
• harnemu Return 236- Taylof st; reward.
• MEDICAL.
A — LADIES, if you are suffering from irreg-
ularities or any ailment, you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first. My
method of , treatment Is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee immediate relief ' from
any cause or make no charges. Advice free.
Call or write DR. "YLVESTER. 219 Kearny.
A DESTITUTE women'* .friend; free secluded
home during confinement; also housekeeping
rooms; Infants adopted tn good homes. ,<
MBS- DR. FUNKE. 1416 8th et.. Alanwla.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR 5 ALE.
SPEC^sftcdT. ', -"
209 MONTGOMERY ST.
Opp. entrance to Mills hnildir.;.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Selling. , ' Leasing.
Rents Collected. Insurancs.
GnAST> DOWNTOWN CORNER.
$210,000— Vicinity Powell and Ellis sts.: 2
corners; 5 stores and 85 rooms; almost
100 ft frontage; can be leased for $1475
per month; 7 1-3 per cent net invest-
ment.
, 12 PER CENT NET INVESTMENT.
$100,000— Items $SMOO annu%'.!y; cash secured
lease; no better tenant: modern build-
ing; Jot 55x137:6 ft.; investing $5O.in»»
cash and assuming bank mortgage of
$50,000. at i\ per cent pajs 12 per
" . cent net
137:6x137:6 FT. CORNER. •
$50,000—137:6 ft.: corner Golden Gate ave.:
substantial Improvements; always
rented; $30,000 mortgage at 5'-j per cent
per annum can remain; selling on ac-
, count of owner's departure to Europ«; .
reasonable offer entertained.
$12,500 CASH ONLY.
$37,500— Bank mortgage $'J3.(M>; Eddy St..
near Larkin: e&:9x*»7:ft; rents $213;
positively must b« lold.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$25,000 — Stores and apartments; 40 ft. front;
-*^^nts $180: pays over 7 per cent n«t.
HAYES ST.
$21, COO— Hayes st.. near Laguna; lot 37:5
frontage; 2 frontages; rents $16*; want
offer; selling on account of owner's
departure for Europe.
POST-ST. BARGAIN.
$1S,5W> — Lot 62:6x124 ft.; 2 frontages; «aat oS
Flllrnore st.; improvements In first- .
class order; rents $14u; bank mortgage
of $10,000 can remain.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$16,500^ — OFarrell St., east of Van Ness are.;
pays $10 per cent net by assuming
$900O bank mortgage; rents $115; lot
27:«sl2O; 2 frontaaes; cheapest buy
east of Van Ness.
$13.500 — Modern flats near Flllmore and Wal-
ler sts.; rents $1:2; lot 50 ft. frontage.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$3,500 — 2 stores ar.d 4 fiats; corner north of
Marker- st. ; 43:6 ft. frontage: yearly
rents $»6fi: paying ll*i per cent.
BIG INTEREST PAYING FLATS.
$25,0CO — Corner; Western Addition; rents
$230; lot 37:0x35; splendid new build-
ing.
$22,500— One-half block from Market St.;
rents $171; fine Improvements; lot 75x
100.
$19,000 — Annual rents S21S5: Golden Gats
Park; modern bay-window fiats; lot
50x137:6.
$13,500 — Rents $1440 yearly: 4 new flats near
Park Panhandle; lot 37:6x112:6.
$10,000 — Two beautiful Post-st. flats, elosa
to Gourh; SO ft. frontage; always
rented: yearly rents $900.
$9,250 — Rents ?06 50; business property near
Sixth and Harrison sts. ; lot has 2
* frontages.
$6,000— Vicinity of Ninth and Mission: 3
flats: rents S56; building la first-class
condition; lot 24:6x34:5.
SPECK & CO..
200 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUILD en r cur unimproved reatty; w» loaa
fan cost Irr.nrov. and part lot at 6 par ceat.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bqllttlnar
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sal*.
FOR sals — Country homes in every county in
California., at all price*, from $450 00 r.»
$75.0CO 00. Immense list to select from. It
>ou want land of any kind call on
HOWE A MERRrXT.
932 Broadway. Oakland
FIFTY-TWO acres. Including growing har.
near R. R. : Yolo. County: cash or exchange
town lot; $2000. S. H. TARR, 217 Parrott
buildlnr.
$1(T A MONTH buys a 10-acrs farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIUBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly -:ata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 813
Market tt.
FOR sale or to lease — Nearly five acres, enp,
improvements. Address H. N. ROYDEN".
223 Main St.. Pan Mateo.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAACE.
3C00 acres orange land In Florida In ex-
change for a California home; bay counties.
WM. P. TODD. H170 Broadway. Oakland.
alameda" advebtis^lents
ALA ME DA REAL ESTATE. .' '
$5230 — A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time, tvro beautiful, up-to-date, modern tt-
room fiats on Clinton ave. : bay frontage:
beautiful marine vtew; elegant surf bathing:
bathhouses, etc.: this is a rare chance- don't
overlook it. HAMMOND. A HAMMOND. MC3
Park st.
BERKELEY ADVEET'S'M-XTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A. MCRDOCK * CO.. South Berkeley^statTonT
for bargains: we build. t>ur. sell or nrhgnr-.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$250 CASH. $8 75 monthly; double cottage of ?
nice rooms, bath and pantry; grand well of
soft spring water; Al sandy loam; yourtf
fruit trees, flowers. Loganberries, raspberries
and blackberries; chicken - house and barn
and chicken run: 2 lots. tUxlOO. all fenced;
no cold wind or fog: near electric car line. .
school, church, postofflce and large hall; sec-
tion new. but nicely settled up; price. $1200
in all. Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh
St.. opp. Broadway stattcn. Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$3230— BARGAIN; new S-room hous*: lar;o
lot: 1 block to Telegraph »v».; A blork^
to key route line. W. P. TODD. 1079
Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FinSITlRE -FOR SALE.
TO-MORRCW ths day for bargains in furnl-
tnre H Schplhaas.ltth st..cor.stnre, Oakland.
n<K>MS FORJIOISEKEEPISG.
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments. 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc.; unfurnished or furnished to
order; new house. The St. Charles. 13UO
Sacramento St., near Larkin.
ELLIS, 6S — 2 sunny rooms, nicely furnished;
gas range, running water; $25.
ELLIS. 1178— Nicely furnished connecting *
rooms: bath, phone and running water; r. >
children. / . .
FOURTH. 491 — Front and back parlor for
housekeeping; also double and slngl* rooms.
GUERRERO, 1.T23 — Extra nice sunny rooms;
reasonable. Phone Church 5530.
HAIGHT, 224— .T nicely furnished rooms, bath,
for housekeeping: suitable for 2 or 3 adults.
HOWARD, 1J2S— Front and back furnished
suites for housekeeping; sunny.
JESSIE. 323 — Sunny room; furnished house-
keeping: sink; gas range; closet; $2 73 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3- room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.
TAYLOR. 011—2 furnished rooms. ga« rang-.
sink, j $10; single room, gas range. $4 5a
HOUSmCEIIFia-O BOOMS WANTED.
WANTED— By a young married couple, 2 part-
ly furnished rooms and kitchen, with gas
range: north^of Market st, within S blocks
of Call building. Address, stating price. Box
4111, Call.
AgABTacsjrr douses. ""
A- ST. HILAIRE APARTMENTS —
-LACUNA ST.. NEAR GEARY.
Will be ready for occucation tn a ftw
days. Everything new. Maka your
reservations now. Elegantly furnished
apartments wltb private bath — 2. 3 and
¦ 4 roccts: ifam heat: electric light: •!•-
vator; private phones; rates reasonable
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March, 15.
10S4 SLTTBR ST.. NE. COR. LARKR* 8T.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms aaj
bath each: all unfurnished; $27 SO to *10.
Make reservations now. - -
ET. CECILE. 115 Fell, above V« B N«ss— T»»
•cm* of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments: private baths, steam heat. el»c-
erlc lights, elevator, gas ranges: &i0 to $33.
ST. LOUIS. 1375 Jackson st. — Modem .1-4-3*
rcoms;/also single: furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phong East IS^o.
Continued on Pase Fourteen,
GDI CAL~-Contin u ed.
LADIES desiring safe, sure end quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless anil reli-
able: I have no failures: cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees: 17 years' experience in 'all
female disorders: call or write, without delay;
advice free: correspondence confidential;
« DR. WHITE. 702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all \emale
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S26 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all" fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteedl ICOSMi Maritet st., opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 «by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. ' . *
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st. _^
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
- treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 gears' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical rare; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st, corner
¦ 26th.; ladles, relief or no f- $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112JJ Market st.
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 318 Powell st. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbw.
MISCELLANEOUS- — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ..
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
J needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new rout's.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market, st,
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engine*, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st
DKSKS and office furniture; $20,000 stock \.to
1 be sold before April 15; this stock can be
bought in large or small lots. T. D. Me-
CARTHY CO., 7S2 Mission. Phone Bush 467.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs. with Asbestos Roof -Paint; guaranteed
to stbo all leaks in the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front St.; tet. Main 1428. ¦.
A— FINE suits, $7 50: dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
. near Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rtnts gear machinery, *n«
rlnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Pptar st.
ALTERATION sale— Beet S2 50 hats, $1 00.
Popular Price Hatter. J30 Kearny st. near
Pine; ocen to Jp,,ra.; Sundays to nocn.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d m.. Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
3%c ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, impering. M. MER-
IGAN, 1302 Webster. Tel. JackJon 1321.
FOLDING bed and Alaska ice chest;" half
price. 770 Geary st. .
TWO genuine Japanese pug dogs for sale. 1017
Golden (fete ave. -
SHOE repairing shop for sale; In country. Ad-
dress JOSEPH LEDDY, Williams. Cal.
FOR sale— One CO-lIeht electric bath cabinet.
Particulars Electric Works, 227 Ellis st.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GAKIN. «03 Hayward bld<.
Encyclopedia Britannica; Scribner edition; half
morrocco. King's old bookstore, 01 McAllister.
GASOLINE engines bought, said, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Coreon Co., "254 Beale st.
SAFES and cash registers. ' new and second-
hand. I. FREEM AX. 1320 Market it.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mket.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes, Twentieth
Centuries, Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market
DESKS and safes: see the complete line at ISlft
Market, ab. Van N/ss. RICHARDSON BRO8.
SAFES— New and *eccnd-hand. - THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st. -
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargalna. Bui lard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market n.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
' MISCELLA.VEOUS WAKTS.
LOCATION wanted In busy section of the city
for short-order and lunch house; one with
bakf- oven installed preferred. Address
JOHN L. BRIOG3. 873 Market St. '
WANTED — Good second-hand steam engine. 30
to 40 horsepower. Zenith Planing Mill. EaFt
Oakland. •
j SHOES, wanted; misfit & castoff; highest prcs.;
new & 2d hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 043 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 8th st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
: ¦-¦¦¦¦¦ .
MONEY TO LOA.V.
AAA— HERMAfT MURPHY^
B01-602-803 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Eetat«s. second mortgages, undivided Inter-
I ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
.etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property Durchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $1,000,000.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST fl PER CENT
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
- CITY AND OAKLAND,
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-6-8-10- 11, CROCKER BUILDING. S. F.
* '' WILL LOAN '
A reai>onabl» amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
In city, town
f or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
v of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408, Call Office.
MONEY loaned to ealarleji^Deople, retail mer.
chants, teamsttrs, . boa*aing-houseg, without
¦ security: easy payments; large business In
4<> principal cltiej. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg:
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.:
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., <S3 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY resoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
&46 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 10 Third.
1 PER «nt on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St. "
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10.1 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 .TO $10.000.
NEW easy method— To war* earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 43-40. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg. ¦
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos- strict
privacy ;no commission; Installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN/ room 81. 6 Eddy »t.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried. people on notes without
indorser. MORFLL. BOO rxamlner building.
BARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND PIANOS AS
FOLLOWS:
Two Stelnway, one Chlckering, one Sterling,
one Haines. Bros., two Steck. one Sjjelnway
grand and one Steck grand; also many other
pianos from $75 up and square pianos from $10
up. alt fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON/ 16 O'Farrell st '
A' FEW. unredeemed storage pianos (also f urnl-
.ture) will be sold to Day storage dirt cheap.
.WHITEHEAD'S storage, 1638 Market at. _
REAL ESTATE C 'T > *"~?^ R , .^'V^'
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
auction
AUCTION
AUCTION
of Investment, residence and unimproved prop-
erties will be held at our salesroom. 20 Mont-
comcry st.. Monday, March 28. 1904, at 12
o'clock noon.
PARTITION SALE.
The foux, following choice business proper-
: ties will "be offered by order of the heirs of
the Helena Merslnc estate.
• " No. 1. .
\ 8W. cor. Devisadero and Fell sts.: substan-
tial improvements, store and 3 flats of 4-8
rooms and bath each; rents low at $120 per
month; lot 27:0x106:3.
No. 2.
Devisadero st., west line, south of Fell st;
unimproved lot, 25x106:3.
No. 3.
1213-15-17 Folsom tt.. bet. 8th and 9th: 2
stores ar.d flat of 6 rooms and bath; rented
low at $40 per month; lot 25x90.
No. 4.
NW. cor. 8th and Folsom sts.: Improve-
ments, store, flat of & rooms and 4 houses of
6 rooms each: rented low at $147 per month;
large lot 75x75. - •
CHOICE PARK HOLDING.
NE. cor. Fulton st. and 35th ave.: this hold-
ing will more than double In value in a fair
years; its close proximity to the new speed
course and Spreckels Lake will make It a very
choice corner; 120x450; mortgage of $4500 at
6 per cent can remain.
|
f I •
; i '— — -
a • «5fh AVK
' 4!>0 '
. - \ I
I I 3. i
u.
in . II i
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
NW. cor. Fulton and Baker sts.; substantial
modern building containing store and 2 f.ata
of 8 rooms and bath each; rents low at $122 5u
per month; lot 37:6xOrt:10 J i.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
303-303** Devlsadero St., near Page; 2 flats
of 6 rooms and bath each: rents $47 60 p«r
month; a splendid holding to improve for busi-
ness purposes; lot 25x107:0.
SPEAR-ST. BUILDING LOT.
Spear St., SW. line, bet: Market and Mission;
unimproved lot, 34:4Wjxl37:ti; a choice holding
for wbolasale purposes-
BRYANT-ST. CORNER.
941-3 Bryant st. and 1-35 White place, bet.
7th and 8t>> st .=. ; (morovements consist cf a
number of houses and cottages from 3 to 6
rooms each: rents $1SN per month: a splendid
¦ holdinr for factory or warehouse purposes:
large lot, 50:3x275.
MINNA-ST. INVESTMENT.
504-6 Minna st.. north line, near flth: 4
tenements of C-4 rooms, each; rents ?4S per
month; a splendid holding for speculative pur-
poses; lot 25x75.
VALLEJO-ST. CORNER.
726-8 Vallejo St.. NW. cor. of Vulca« lane,
bet. Stockton and Powell sts.: 2 brick build-
ings of a rooms each; rents $40 per month:
lot 4Oxt35.
VALENCIA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
The seven following lots must be sold; terms
one-third cash, balance can remain on mort-
gage at 0 per cent:
Valencia St., east line. bet. 16th and 17th;
2 building lots, 32:0x37:6 each.
Valencia »t.. east llr.e. bet. 18th and 19th:
4 buihiin 4 lots, 25x80 each. .
Vulfpci! st..- east line. bet. 19th and 20th:
building lot, 25x80.
Fcr catalogue and further particulars apply
to G. H. UMBSEN i CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGB & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY March. 29, 1004
At our salesrooms «t 12 o'clock noon.
PINE-STREET RESIDENCE.
26C7 Pine st.. east of Devlsadero; a most
desirable 2-story residence, containing 6 rooms
and bath and renting for $35 per month; mort-
gage of $:'..v,o can remain
TURK-STREET INVESTMENT.
£22 Turk St., eaar of Gough »t. ; extremely
large lot. :',8:9x.S7:ti; substantial Improvements;
2-story house containing 17 large rooms and
bath; renting for $75 month and mortgage of
$£000 can remain .
ASHBCRY HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
Easterly line of Lotto St.. 100 feet south of
Parnassus* st.; lot 25x101; this property Is
beautifully sitnated and commands an ex-
cellent view.
PINE STREET. NEAR HYDE.
N. line of Pine Ft.. No. 1312; Improvements
consist of a desirable residence. 8 spacious
rooms; new modern plumbing; Dprcelaln bath,
etc.
MISSION* COTTAGE.
217 Montcalm st.. near IsabelU; large lot
50x70 ft.; beautiful Groom cottage, outbuild-
¦ ing?, barn, chicken-house, etc. •
WALLER-STREET BUILDING LOT.
N line of Waller St.. 25 ft. west of Belvedere:
j lot 25x100. This lot Is situated near the Park
.Tanhandle District and Is a particularly de-
sirable site for building purposes.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
Easterly line of Howard St.. south of 20th,
known as 2417 Howard St.; extremely large
grounds; G2 feet by 122:ff; a most beautiful
residence thereon. 14 rooms, porcelain bath;
new plumbing throughout: place heated by
gas and furnace.
OCEAN BEACH - BUILDINO LOTS.
Westerly line or* 47th ave., 100 ft. S. of K
Sit.;* 10 building lots. 25x120 ft. each; these
lots may be purchased by small cash pay-
ments, balance monthly; streets graded: lots
ready for building; an unobstructed view of
the ocean.
FILLMORE-STREET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 3114-10-18 Ftllmore St.. near Green-
wich; lot 32:«?xS2:6: improvements, 2 stores
. with livinsr rooms and a large concert or lodga
room above, known as Union Hall; stores
rent for $12 each per month; hall rented al-
most nightly at $5 per night
CASTRO-STREET BUILDINO LOT.
East line of Castro St., 71:6 8. of Army st:
lot 25x118 ft.: this property Is In a delightful
portion of the Mission and would make a de-
lightful site for a residence.
For further particulars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
. 638 Market street.
$10,850, cash $2000; 3 swell flats not yet com-
pleted, but rented for $1200 per year: Seventh
. ave. boulevard.- 76O-2-4, near Fulton st; 16
minutes from City Hall: all night car serv-
ice; every possible latest Improvement, in-
cluding bltuminlzed street; 25x120. Apply on
premises from 2 to 8. .
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
. INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid..
will buUd on your property ct buy you a lot;
$ft a nronth pays principal and Interest on
. each $1CCO of balance due, making your In-
. stallments less than rent; eend for circular.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots la tb«
Excelsior Homestead Tract: all level, no
grading to do; ready to build your little home
on; cits* to electric cars and school. "•-.<.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. Room S.
$2730— HOUSE. 6 r. and b.. with stable; 4029
26th st,; small payment "down. bal. like rent
$12C0 — For 2 cottage* 37:6 ft of
ground; rents $S n onth tlh: Arlington st
D. COFFIN & CO.. aTO Mission st
12-ROOM houre .'must be sold for mortgage.
S04 E1U«. .
LATE9T system ranltary plumbing;' by A HIs-
BACH * MAYKR. plumbers. 830 Howard.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE!.
SELLING FAST. ~~~* ' ~
Selling Fast.
,' V - 100 Sold Up to Date.
Large new subdivision at the station of
Mill Valley; 40 acres In large lots In the very
' center of the valley.^rrene of which are less
than 60x120: pr!c«* range from $100 to $300;
terms. 10 per cent cash, balance $10 month-
ly; grand home sites amidst pleasant sur-
-roundlngs;, beautiful views of mountains and
bay; the climate unequaled: solendld op-
portunity * fof -an Investment: land vaiues
bound to Increase, as Mill Valley is rapidly
i coming to the front.- The new electric road
has ' shortened : the time to 40 minutes from
-the city. ;• Mill Valley has all the con-
veniences of a city; ¦ fin* supply of pure
mountain WAter: cood sewerage and drain-
age. . electric lights, stores.* churches, and
'schools, and in fart all conveniences. Lots
beautifully, wooded. Send for our new illus-
trated bcok descriptive of Mill Valley.
119 .Montgomery st.
MUSICAL I^ STR^ E^ T . S -t^2. n^^
a"cLEARANCE sale" of .upright pianos from
$50 up; greatest bargains ever offered In San
Francisco: all makes. We rent upright
• pianos for. $2 per month: new at $3 per
" month; all' money paid applies on purchase.
Heine Piano Co., 235-237 Geary st. Oakland
address . 1252 Broadway. - - .
ONLY ctano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
0 months' rent and cartage off purchase
price; sole agents for McPhail. Schiller .and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 500 Hayes.
SMALL piancs for small apartments: great
tone; rent or sale. Byron Mauzy, 308 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 18 McAllister st.
3- PEDAL Stelnway up. ;Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
most given away. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st. ;' . .
BOHMER. Byron Mauzey pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
SANSOME, 712 — Handsome, large store, base-
ment, cheap. LANDRY C. BABIN. 413
Kearny st^
TO let— Offlw space, shop space. 32 First St.;
ground floor or basement.
PERSONALS.
A fresh, smooth and young locating face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forgflet the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, ,75il O'Farrell Et., near Larkin.
Call or write for book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We m.-.ke
you a fine suit on installments cheaper than
others do for cash. LEON LEMOS, merchant'
. tailor, 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibratlns machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs', .hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 116 Taylor
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Ira-
proves its growth.stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain, or stickiness;
cleanses scalpiat druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute.. Star Remedy Co., 1333 Polk
A — Microtine. a positive cure for catarrh, cold
In the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 9th.
Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure blocd (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
. shenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twlnp, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Gej. MatthewB, 70S Fifth St.. Oakland.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
812 Shot well; consultation free: call or write.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
all blemishes removed: shampooing epecialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlora 13 and It.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thura.; Sat. and Sun.:
Classen Mondays, Fridays. .Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 155« Market, nr. Larkin.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mole a removed by
elec. needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travera. 1170 Mkt.
; SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week!
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.), tailors. 729 Market.
Actina restores lost eyeeient;ctires deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA Co., 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3t ; a Sut.
ter. r. COO. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 3&
MASQUERADE coUumes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO., 733 ilkt.
TAILOR-MADE euit $7 50: dress pants $2 M.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Buah and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color. $1: at all druggists'.
PALMJSTKY. v
GIPSY MADGE. Talmlstry Palace, 405 Third
et.: three expert*; palm readings 10c: card
and trance readings given; satisfaction.
MADAM DEVAS.
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBE3
BUILDING, 139 POST ST.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylo.- St.. near Gear?-. Phone Black 561.
I*A PER HANGING. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tlntinjc. painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 Third: tel.Maln 413.
PARTXEHS WAXTEI).
ADVERTISER would lika to join man In
small maH order business with office. Box
4104. Call office.
PHYSICIANS AND SURUEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence^
102H4 Market st.. bet. tith and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty^
DR. BALL. 107.T,-i Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG ~HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near L/eavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st. i
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
sewing machin1eTs"an5~sijppl7es.
DOMESTIC— Th« machine" for family use:
best Is cheapeet; Fecona-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds 'rented lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-teed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10. $15. $20: second-
hand. $3. $.\ $S: all styles; guaranteed. New
' Hiim- Pewlnif Machine Co.. 1fM Market st.
SPECIAL N.OT1CES.
Ladles'. Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps tor particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
- Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
LADIES, send your address to 1126 Market st..
S. F.. valuable Infom** m~w rnr,m 2.'
[ SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlnrham.' 204 Sutter st.
ST<)R AGE ANJJ W^^BHOIJSESI
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van -Co.: furniture^
¦ 'household good* stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st. ur. Third; phone Grant ltJl.
PIERCE-R0DOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
- fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prtv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture, and merchan-
dize. 333 Golden Gate ave.; Phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage r advances made. S40
Mls«lon tt.: tel. Howard ntl. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Me •••-• Com-
pany- 2320 FillmoM st. ; phcr.s Jackson 2"1.
BKKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main IStO Shipping at cut rates.
i .TYPEWRITERS AND. SUPPLIES^
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. I.
Srattli . Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Ths
Typewriting Exchange. 638 California st
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par.
ticulars of L.& M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont.
. gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Jaspec. Co.. 508 Market..
PROPOSALS. — —
PROPOSALS for Quart«rmastpr\s supplies—
Office Depot Quartermaster, San FrancUco,
Cal.; 33 New . Montgomery it., March 24,
1004. — Sealed proposals, in triplicate, subject
to usual conditions, will be received here unl
til 10 o'clock a. m.. Friday, April 8, 1904, and
theu opened for delivery at * San Francisco^
. Cal., ot hardware. -rubber, hose, paint, 'rope,
.'etc. United States reserves right ttt accept
or reject any or all bids, or any part thereof.
Information and blank proposals will be
-furnished on application. . Envelopes con- i
talnin" ' proposals to be - marked . "Proponal
No. 2283," and - addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL, Quartermaster, Uv S. A., Depot
'. Quartermaster. ¦„ .; "'"'-''
PROPOSALS for srate and stone wall — orflce
.¦ Depot Quartermaster, 36 , New Momgomtry
st San Francisco. Cal.. March 10,- HW4.
'Sealed croposals In triplicate will be re-
ceived at this office untllll o'clock - a. m,;
March 20. 1904, and then opened, for con-
struction ¦•¦' of a gateway and a,ston«
wall alone southern . and eastern boundary
lints • of the PresiJio Military Reservation.
: San'- V Francisco. Crl., In accordance .. wltb
plans and specifications to be seen at tbt*
office. C. "* A. DEVOL. - Major and Quarter-
master.vU. S. A., Depot Quartermaster.THE STEAMSHIP Ql'F.EN. WHICH. ON FFEBRUART 27. TOOK FIRE AT SEA AND WOULD HAVE BEEN" DESTROYED
WITH ALL HANDS BUT FOR THE BRAVE BATTLE PUT UP BT CAPTAIN COUSINS AND HIS CREW. SHE ARRIVED
HERB YESTERDAY FOH REPAIRS.
FRO^I SEATTLE.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferr»
building -was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
I. «.. at noon of the 12Cth meridian, or at 9
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT. :
_ Lieutenant. U. S. N., la chart*.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosraphtc Ortlce. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
March 23 1904.
Harbor Commission Meets.
The Harbor Commissioners yester
day secured informal bids for repair
ing the bulkhead at Beale-street wharf.
The City Street Improvement Com
pany's bid of 11238 was the lowest and
the contract was awarded to that com
pany.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Tim- and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Franclao
Bay. Published by official authority of th*
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front. (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fcrt Point; the height
of tida Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. MARCH 21.
Sun rises fi:r,a
Sun seta 6:21
Moon s*ts «flrst quarter) t»:3!> a. m.
D lTlme |Tlme) [Timel Time!
» Ft. I Ft. ! 1 Ft. Ft.
» III W |L Wj JH W) L Wj
30 I 4:17) 1.0(15:41! 5.«i 4:3ft] o.«illT(i«| 5~T
24 4:«tt 5.1 11:13 0.5 «:UI 4.0111:12; U.0
25 5:07 5.1 12:17 O.4 7:22 A.Z\ !
L, W H \V I. W |H WJ
28 0:27 2.0 6:22 5.1 1:13 0.2l »:20i 4.«
27 1:38 2.6 7:37 6.3 2:13 0.2| 9:07) 5.0
28 2:34 2.0 8:45 S.4 3:02 0.2J 9:501- 5.3
2U 3.27 1.5 0:43 5.5 3:34 0.3ilO:30| 3.3
NOTE — In th# abova exposition of tha tides
the early murr.lr.c tides are given In the left
band column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth timi; column gives the last tid? of th-»
: <lay. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus < — >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
givtn la subtracted from the depth given by
the charts The plane of reference Is the mean
I of the lower low waters.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier. ;
\ March 24.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
[Eureka Humboldt P am Pier 13
State of Cal Snn Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
• Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
t Sonoma- Sydney & Way... 2 pm Pier 7
' March 25.
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Anubls Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 19
j ean ie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
; March 26. .:¦*.
t Colon N." Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Spokane Humboldt ...' l:30pPler 9
Senator---- Pustet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Arcata..-.. Coos Bay direct... 12 ml Pier 13
Enterprise.. Hilo jPler 10
March 27. v I
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 amIPier 11
March 28. I
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
March 29. I
Pomona Humboldt l:30p|Pter 9
Ncvadan.... Honolulu 3 pm! Pier 23
March 30.
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm|Pler 20
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor . 5 pmiPter 10
March 31.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
April 2.
Alameda.... Honolulu ...V 11 am Pier 7
Coptic. ..... i China & Japan. ... 1 pm Pier 40
City Sydney 1 N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
O W. Elder [ Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier "_"i
April 5. ' I
'UniatiHa... j Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier %
To Japan— 32,193 ctls barley. 810 bbls flour,
24,353 cs canned salmon, 4610 cs condensed
milk.' 171' cs assorted canned goods, 4645 lbs
sugar. 28 bales hay. 77 ctls oats. 245 pkgg
groceries and provisions. ' 1683 gals 50 cs wine,
0 cs whisky, 8 cs - brandy. 1480 lbs oleomar
garine. 9C9 lbs butter. 12 pkgs fresh fruits,
508 lbs ham, and bacon, 4DO lbs bread, ,700 lba
raisins, 3035 lba dried fruit. 211 lbs cheese.
1412 lbs beans. 01 pkgs table preparations 450
lbs hops. 47,832 lbs sheet lead. 500.091 lbs pig
lead, 21 cs bpots and shoes, 20 cs • shoe nails,
501 lbs grease. 115, bbls oak extract,: 117 pkgs
machinery. 1260 lbs Indigo.- 136 pkgs. electrical
supplies, till rolls 7 > cs ' leather. 268 bxs soap.
15,086 gals alcohol. '¦ 113,000: lbs noda ash. 24
bales hose. -355,450 lbs tanbark. 51 pkgs drugs
and-, sundries, 810 -bdls .65 pes steel, 11: cs
arms and ammunition.^ 50 flasks quicksilver,
48 pkgs paints," 423 pkgs bicycles and sundries,
20 pkgs rubber goods. -
To. China — 4220 bbls flour, 30,100 lbs sugar.
11.840 lbs dried fruit. 2270 lbs 1 pkg raloins.
1536 lbs - chocolate, 150 • cs : cocoa, : 6802 lbs
cheese.- 1380 pkgs groceries and provisions, 4r.0t
lbs ham. and bacon,' 1698 cs condensed milk,
220 cb canned salmon. 2701 cs assorted canard
The eteamer Siberia sailed yesterday for
Hongkong via Honolulu and Yokohama with
a general r merchandise cargo valued / at
1467,9m. exclusive of treasure, to be distrib
uted as follows: For Honolulu. $1400; Japan.
$297,235; China. fl54.73S: Philippine Islands,
$10,105: East Indies $2150; Korea $501; Slam,
$301; Port Elizabeth. South Africa. $1470. The
leading exports were as follows: ¦
To Honolulu — 2SO pkgs . potatoes. B300 , lbs
bread, j 3 pkgs oysters. 1 cs boots and shoes,
1 bale twlnf. TWfTJ'Wtft'W*iW!D i T*?IRB
Heavy Exports by the Siberia.
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. ;
-The British ship Clan Buchanan Is chartered
for lumber from Puget Sound to Salaverry at
35s; Chilean ship Othello, same business, from
Blakeley to Valparaiso (owner's account).
The French bark Noemi proceeds to New
Caledonia in ballast. :
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Steamer. | • For. Sails.
Alkl I Skagway & Way Port*. Mar. 25
Cottage City. . Ska«way & Way Ports. Mar. 29
Farallon Skastway & Way Ports. Mar. 23
Excelsior Va.ldex A Way Ports.. Apr. 1
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 2
Dlrigo Skaitway & Way Ports. Apr. 10
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. Apr. lu
The Pacific Mail Company'.s steamship Sibe
ria Bailed yesterday for the Orient. Owing to
the fact that the Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner sails to-day, the Siberia's list of Honolulu
passengers was smaller than usual. For Chi
nese and Japanese ports, however, she had
many passengers. A number of Japanese, re
turning to Join the Mikado's military forces,
sailed on the Siberia, and their going away
was accompanied by the usual energetic oratory
and the tuneless music of a daring band which
fell down at "Auld Lang Syne." but tackled
without fear cr hesitation a series of what the
cheering little brown men declared to be "Ken
ulne Japanese tunes." The band escaped from
the wharf while the crowds of "not-Japanese"
were busy waving good-by to friends on the de
parting liner.
The Siberia carried about 8000 tons of cargo
which included a large shipment of canned sal
mon for Japan. Her paesengers included the
following named: , • .
For Uonolulu~MrR. W. O. Ashley Mrs A.
E. Barker. E. J. Benjamin, Miss E. Blake A
Blom, Miss E. K. Branch, A. A. Brown Mr*
A. B. Clark, Miss E. B. Clark. Mrs. W. M*
Cochrane, Miss E. C. Cochrane, Miss M Coch
rane, Mrs. Frank Damon, Mrs. F. C. Deacon
Miss W. Dole. Mrs. E. n. Dorr and daughter'
Louis O. Glddinjss. Mrs. <5. Glddlngs. E. W*
GtddinKs, Miss Sadie Giddingx, ,C A. Hart
well. Ml«s C L. Hartwell. Miss D. Hartwell
Miss J. Hartwell, Otto F. H«lne, T. K. James"
J. U. Kwhla, J. M. Lovltt. Mrs. J. M. Lovitt
Mrs. E. C. Macfariane. W. A. Maurer E'A
Mclnerny. Foster Milllken. Mrs. 8. Milllken'
Mrs. D. H. Moore. J. F. Morgan, R. K. Reid
Mrs. R, B. Reid, J. W. Roberts. Miss S M*
Roberts. Miss F. Ross, Ml*» A. L. Sawyer S
L. Severance, Mrs. H. L. Severance, Miss M*
IL Severance. H. I. Solomon. Mrs. II. 1. Solo
mon. J. E. Upson. Mrs. J. K. Upson. Miss C
Upson, Mm. W. A. Maurer. '
For Yokohama— T. Aoyama, Mrs. F. Bronson
and maid. Mrs. H. E. Carpenter. Miss J
Chase. Miss M. B. Cruff, F. Dilke. Miss L m"
Doe, R. Dunning, W; Grebst, Mra. Lloyd c'
Griscom and maid, A. S. Hay, Mrs A S Hay'
W. Hohmeyer. S. Inapaki, Lieutenant S* Kan
nary, . Dr. Harris Kennedy. Mrs. Harris Ken
nedy. R, S. Kltajima. J. M. Krause, Mra^j
M. Krause. John McLean. Mrs. M. Mitchell'
K. Mlyabara. H. MoH. , K. Ogurl, K~^ Salgo
Mrs. J. E. Sexton. S. Soga, H. Takeda. S
Turnkawa, B. C. Vaughn, M. Wake, T. Wata
nabe, S. Yoshlda, T. Yoshlda.
For Kobe— T. W. Hellyer. J. M. Mur, Mrs
J. M. Mur.-F. H. Olmsted. Mrs. A. P. PeclT
For Shanghai— O. 8. Butrlck. Mrs. C ; S
Butrtck. J. Samson. Mrs. J. Samson. Mrs (-'
Seymour. E. WhlteV Mrs. E. White
For Honskonx— L. l'Adda, C> Arena, ' J; j*.
Siberia Sails for the Far Bast.
Steamer. From. Duc -
Spokane..... Humbol.lt ............. Mar. 21
Santa Roaa... San Diego & "Way Pts. Mar. 24
B on lta Newport & Way Ports. Mar. -5
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. .5
Oregon Portland & Astoria Mar. 25
i Amasls Hamburg & Way Pts. Mar. 28
i Arcata. Cooa Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 25
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. 23
G Lindauer. . Grays Harbor Mar. 2«
Ci'tyPuebla... Puget Sound Port* Mar. 2.
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 27
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 27
Czarina Coos Bay Mar. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. £i
State of CaL. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 2*
Alaskan New York Mar. 28
Alameda Honolulu Mar. 29
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Mar. 2!>
G W Elder.. Portland & Astoria Mar. 30
Newport New York via Panama. Mar. 31
Umatllla..... Puget Sound Ports.... Apr. 1
j ean ie Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 3
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. Apr. • 4
Mongolia Norfolk Apr. S
The rate of reinsurance "on the British bark
L«morna was advanced yesterday from -15 i to
C3 x>er cent.
!_,
Reinsurance Rate Advanced.'
The Oceanic Steamship' Company's liner
Sonoma will sail at 2 o'clock this afternoon
for Honolulu and . the Antipodes. She will
take a full cargo and many passengers.
Sonoma Sails To-Day.
Lynn Austin, the genial clerk of the
Palace and for many years connected
with other fashionable hostelries of
California, has resigned his position
and will go to Santa Cruz April 1 to
accept the management of what is
commonly known as the "tented city,"
an adjunct of the seaside town re
cently created by a corporation of the
citizens of that place for the purpose
of booming new Santa Cruz.' Austin,
during his employment at the Palace
and his previous connection with the
California Hotel, ingratiated himself
into the favor of the traveling public
by his courteous treatment of guests
and his marked ability as a hotel
clerk. It was his popularity that
brought him to the attention of the
citizens of Santa Cruz when they first
conceived the idea of securing an ex
perienced manager for their new en
terprise and negotiations resulted in
the acceptance by Austin of his new
position, which carries with it a good
salary and assurance of reward in the
event of success of the big undertak
ing. His resignation has befen in the
hands of Manager John C. 'Kirkpat
rick of the Palace for several days,
but will not be effective until the clos
ing days of the month, by which time
hJs successor behind the hotel desk
will have been selected. *
Will Retire From the Palace Hotel to
Accept a Responsible Position
In Santa Cruz. .'j V
CL.EKK LYXX AUSTIN"
RESIGNS HIS'. POSITION
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Last year 60.000,000 barrels of kero
sene were produced In the United
States, and it Is reckoned that the pro
ceeds from the sale of this and the va
rious by-products obtained from cruda
petroleum aggregate nearly $300,000,000.
The schooner Volunteer, which arrived yes
terday, nine days from WJHapa, reports that
March 10, about fifty miles west of Coos Bay,
she encountered a heavy southeaster. • The gale
was accompanied by a high cross sea. Cabin
and forecastle were flooded and part of the
forward house was carried away. A • number
of sails were blown away.
Wua in Heavy Gale.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, March 23.
Stmr Senator, Alberts, 72 hours from Vic
toria «.nd way oorts.
Nor itrnr Titanla,' Exenes, 4 days, and 8
hours from Nanalmo.
Stmr Eureka. .lessen. 28 hours from. Eureka.
Stmr Edith. Hall, 6 days from Tacoma.
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, 30 hours from
Santa Barbara.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, 67 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Centralla, Erlckson, 01 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound for San Pedro; put in to
land passsengers.
Stmr Whlttier, Mclnnls, 34 hours from Re
dundo. - •
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, 3 days from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nlcolson, 79 hours from San
Pedro. J
Stmr Valencia, Lloyd. 06 hours from Seattle.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Glen, Noe, 10!4 days from Grays
Harbor. - . >
Schr San Buenaventura, Lembke, 11 days
from Grays Harbor. ¦ -. ¦ ¦ ¦
Schr Volunteer. Breesem, 9 days from WH
lapa Harbor.
CLEARED.* r
Wednesday, March 23.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Siberia, Smith, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong; Pacific Mall Steamship Com
pany. • /
Stmr State of California. Thomas. San Di
ego: Paclnc Coast Steamship Company.
Br ship County of Ltnllthgow, Stroath. Port
Townsend; Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Bark Fresno. - Kopltz, Whatcom;. Alaska
Packers' Association.
Br bark Procyon, Johnson, Chemalnus;
Meyer, Wilson & Co.
SAILED. • •iYU-': : '':'.} ¦' '
Wednesday, March 23.
Stmr Chas Nelson.' Gunderson, San Pedro.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Gureka. . •
Stmr Siberia. Smith, Hongkong, etc.
, Stmr Centralla, Ericksono, San Pedro.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen, Coqullle River.
Stmr Corenado, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
. Stmr Empire, Macgenn, Coos Bay. , ""
Stmr Geoo W Elder. Randall, Aatorla. and
Portland.
Mark Fresno, Kopitz, Whateom.
. Bktn Coronada, . Potter. Honolulu.
Rcbr Ida. A, CarnDbell, Point Reyes.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson. Bollnas.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT IjOBOS," March 23, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind west; velocity 22 miles per hour. '
¦ SPOKEN. .
March 3 — Let 27. north. Ion 20 west, Fr ship
Vauban, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
March. 9 — Lat 24 north. Ion 26 west. Br ship
Glenard, from Dunkirk, for San Frajiclsco.
March 10— Lat 26 north. Ion 21 west, Br ship
Carnarvon Bay, from \ Newcastle, ling, for Port
Los Angeles.
March 21. 12 m— Per stmr Queen. 45 36
north. Ion 124 48 west, schr Volant, hence
March 1 for TUIamook.
March 21,- 12:03 p m — Per stmr Queen, lat
45 35 north. Ion- 124 48. west, sealing schooner
Jessie, with 26 seals.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed . March 23— Stmr City of
Seattle. 'r for- Skajrway. ':¦: .'
Arrived March 22— Stmr Pacific, hence
March 18. ;• "
ABTORIA— Arrived March 23— Stmr Aurelia,
hence March 2<>. . *nMBXP a >&A »^'.*5^
'Sailed March 23 — Stmr .Oregon, for San-
Francisco. ' . -. : '
TATOO3H— Pae»ed : out March 23— Brig W
Shipping Intelligence.
The barkentlne Coronado sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with an assorted merchandise cargo
valued at I22.C27 and including the following:
41.016 lbs bran. 2402 ctls barley. OS ctls
wheat, 34 ctls oats. 1459 bales hay. 122 ctls
corn. 10 pkgs groceries and provisions. 45 pkgs
130 pea mtllwork, 20 carboys' acid. 59 bdla
brooms, 25 casks beer, 11 cs boots and shoes.
8' bales bags. 450 lbs beans. 300 hbls 2400 sks
cement. 30 bxs candles. 50 -cs canned goods.
6 colls cordage. 554 pkgs cooper's supplies, 8
pkRs gasoline. 14 bdls Iron. ROO lbs lard. H
ch liquors. 325 bbls lfme, 70,367 feet lumber,
25 cs matches. 13 pkgs nails. 1060 gals 153 cs
nils. 512 pkgs paper. 13.010 lbs shrimp shells,
25 bbls salmon, 240 bxs soap, 1983 lbs soda.
3266 lbs tin plate. D20 lb« tea, 3 bales twine.
3S pkgs tank material. 5234 gals wine.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
Although so badly Scarred . the
Queen sustained no vital damage.
After the fire was extinguished she
weathered a full gale and in spite of
storm and fire landed all but sixty
tons of her cargo in good condition.
She brought a cargo from Seattle to
this port. After discharging it she will
go to the Union Iron "Works to be re
paired.
"The newspapers told the story exact
ly as it happened." he said yesterday,
"but they gave me too much of the
credit. Every man, woman and child
aboard that boat contributed ma
terially to the happy result of our ef
forts. Had the women and children
not been game, had they "become
panic-stricken, we would have had to
detail more men to look after them.
Had we had a man less we could not
have mastered the flames. If the en
gineer and his crew had not stayed at
their posts and kept up the steam to
operate the pumps, all the efforts of
the deck force would have been futile;
,It was a case of everybody doing his
beat and each is entitled to an equal
share of the- credit for saving the
ship."
The Queen's dining saloon is gutted
to the -iron skin of the hull. Aft of the
saloon little woodwork is left and the
gnarled tangle of the iron beams and
frames bears dramatic testimony to
the intensity of the heat. The Queen's
stern looks like a Japanese description
of the condition of the Russian navy,
only more so.
The steamship Queen, .which on the
morning of February 27 so narrowly
escaped destruction by fire at sea, ar
rived here yesterday from Seattle. She
has come to her home port to be re
paired, and, judging by her flame
scarred hull, the jot> will be a big one.
Captain Cousins, whose conduct in the
time of grave danger was no surprise
to those acquainted with his worth as
a man and as a seaman, speaks mod
estly of his share in that gallant fight
agrainst an enemy that seemed in
vincible.
goods. 2008 gals wine, 170 casks bottled beer,
389 gals 242 cs whisky 178 c s liquors, 50 crts
potatoes. 1160' lbs bread 1S95 gals vinegar.
6502 lbs beans. 10,945 lbs pearl barley, 4.1 es
table preparations. 8550 lbs shrimps 2tf,6(H> lbs
ehrlmp shells. 3200 lbs meals 3345 lbs glucose.
30 pkgs fresh fruits. 12.763 'lbs coffee. 12,700
lbs lard, 2445 lbs ginseng, 22 ctls oats, 20
bales hay. 400 ce cigarettes, 104,200 lbs pig
lead. 4*.K»5 lbs nitrate of soda, 250 flask*
quicksilver. 230 pkgs machinery. 31 rolls
leather. 20 bales hose. 127 bxs soap. 37 pkgs
dry goods, 15 es boots and shoes. 17 pkgs
drugs and sundries. 43 cs arms and ammuni
tion. 34 pkgs electrical supplies.
To Philippine Islands — 855 cs assorted canned
goods, 744 lbs dried fruit. 2180 lbs lard. 175
lbs beans. 23 cs frozen oysters, 32.*> cs -whisky,
4 pkgs groceries and provisions, 10 pkgs
drugs. 10 pkgB electrical supplies, 10 pkgs dry
goods. 4 bdls hose.
To East Indies — 222 cs canned salmon, 355
cs assorted canned goods. 750 lbs dried fruit.
5 pkgs machinery, s bbls beer. 12 cs wine.
To Korea — 11 ce canned fruit. 7 en table
preparations, 20 pkgs hardware, 3 bdls
brooms. \b cs lamp goods.
To Slam — 76 cs canned goods. 23 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions
To Port Elizabeth. South Africa— 530 cs
canned salmon.
The whaling schooner Hermann cruised about
the bay all of yesterday adjusting her com
passes. As tho schooner cruised . Crowley
launches were doing their best to deliver a
crew on board. From Mission rock to Red
rock they chaBed the whaler. \When a launch
intercepted the schooner the sailor passengers
were transferred and the launch returned for
another load, with which It made a fresh
chase. Crowley detailed a special bookkeeper
to keen track of the time it took the launches
to deliver the crew.
»
Schooner Was Hani to Catch.
When the Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's liner Coptic again starts across
the Pacific it will be without three of the
best known of her officers. Purser Alfred E.
Rennle, Chief Engineer A. B. Brolly and Third
Officer J. R. Clarkaon have all resigned their
positions, which will he filled by a general
moving- up of those now below them In their
respective departments. It is understood that
the three officers who have resigned will be
appointed to the big liner Mongolia, which, in
command of Captain Rlnder, formerly of the
Coptic, is now thirty-three days out from
Norfolk for this Port and which takes her
place on the trans-Pacific run May 7..
Alfred K. Rpnnle has been In the service
ot the Occidental and Oriental Company Tor
many years. He Is one of the biggest and
best of the many good pursers crossing the
Pacific and has a wide acquaintance among
travelers of,* all nations. What he does not
know about hfs end of the nteamshlp business
will not be required on the Mongolia, whose
popularity the appointment of Rennle insures.
Many Changes on IJncr Coptic.
Join at Honolulu — Edward Bowditch Jr.. G.
D. GreKory, Mrs. G. D. GreROry. E. A. Magle,
K. V. Morgan. Mr». L. I*. Ormsby. Mrs. P. M.
Price, Mrs. M. C, I* Sherwood, Barret Wen
dell Jr., J. T. Wilkinson.
Boyd, Mrs. J. N. Doyd, Mrs. J. H. Blount. C.
W. Clifton. LIunK Kee Cho, 7.. O. Dean, S. C.
KdmonJsnn, Thomas P. Gaddls, R. Greig,
Hotrer Gorman, James Hamilton. C. *?. Hard,
V. M. Hkkok, T. \\. HoUIday, V. G. Kell, R.
C. King-, Mr». R. C. Kiner, C. Mandelbaum.
Mn«. O, Malcolm and two children, Miss Lottie
Mcliose, R. B. MoK»e, Charles E. Norton.
MrH. P. S. Noon, A. M. Ollvlexa. Captain C.
I>. Palmer, J. F. Quirk. E. Schmidt, T. Shlr
dan. Mr». T. Shlrdan. Rudolph Scherer, 7.. M.
Smith. II. Sutherland, A. D. Tanner, T. B.
Townsend, Mr«. K. Young.
MALTA — Arrived March 23 — Stmr Grosser
kurfurst. from New York, via Funchal, for
Alexandria, etc.
GENOA— Arrived March 21 — Stmr Clttl
Dlorno from New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived March 23— Stmr rr*
torla. from New York, for Cherbourg: and
Hamburg.
EAST HONGKONG — Arrived previous to
March 23— Stmr Altholla. from Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 23— Stmr
Auranfa. from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
ANTWERP— Sailed March 23— Stmr Rhyn
land. for Philadelphia.
MOV1LLE— Arrived March 23— Stmr Pre
torlan from St John. N B. and Halifax, for
Llverp'ool. and proceeded.
LIVKRPOOL— Palled March 23— Stmr Nord
land. for Philadelphia, via Queenstown: stmr
Oceanic for Kew York, via Queenatown.
Arrived -Mar^h 23 — Stmr Westernland. for
NAPLES^Salled March 23— Stmr Romanio.
from Alexandria, for Boston, via Gibraltar
and Ponta del Gada. ,
v NEW YORK— Arrived March 21— Stmr Ugu
ria. froifi Genoa and Naples.
Sailed March 23 — Stmr Victorian, for Liv
erpool; itmr Prlnz AdelDert, for Naples and
Genoa; stmr Noordam. for Rotterdam and
Boulogne: stmr Nord America, for Naples
and Genoa; stmr Oermanla, for Naples: stmr
Odrle, for Liverpool.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEWCASTLE. AUS— Arrived March 19 —
Bktn Benlcla. from Lyttleton. March 22—
Schr Solano. from Wallaroo.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to March 23 —
Br ptmr Atholl. from Tacoma.
DUBLIN— Arrived March 22— Br «hlp Lei
cester Ca»tle. from Tacoma.
SHARPNESS— Arrived March 22— Fr baric
Marguerite Mlrabaud. hence Nov 15.
LIVERPOOL*— Arrived March 2S— Br ship
Carnedd Llewellyn, from Fras*r River.
MAZATLAN— Sailed March 21— Stmr Cura
cao for San Francisco.
ACAPL'LCO— Sailed March 22— Stmr New
port, for San Francisco: stmr Peru, for Pan
ama.
ANTWERP— Arrived March 21*-Br »hip
Balmoral, hence Oct 22.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed March 10— Stmr Ta
coma. for Tacoma.
FOREIGN" PORTS,
NEW YORK— Cleared March 22— Stmr S«*u
ramn. for Colon.
Arrived March 23— Stmr AUIanca, from
Colon. ,. ,
HO.VOLU1.1~ Sailed March 2Z—TJ S stmr
Buford for Manila: stmr Texan, for Kahulut.
Arrived March 23— Ship Astral, hence Feb
2T; bark K&tulanl. hence Feb 2(\
Sailed March 'Si — Stmr Alameda, for San
Francisco.
EASTERN' PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS
G Irwln. from Roche Harbor, for San Fran
cisco; bktn James Johnson, from Chemalnus.
for Shanghai; schr Admiral, from Everett, for
San Diego; Br ship Senator, for South Africa.
Pastfd inward March 2.°.— Stmr L'matilla,
hence March "1, for Victoria.
TACOMA— Arrived March 23 — Stmr Macki
naw, h«»nce March 19; stmr San Mateo, from
Port Ix>3 Anceles.
Sailed March 23— Schr Philllplne, for San
Pedro. »
COOS ' BAY— Sailed March 23— Stmr Arcata.
for Sr.u Francisco.
SAX" 1)1 EGO— Arrived March 23 — Stmr
MarshfieM. from Port I^oa Anseles.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 23 — Schr
Irene, from Tacoma; schr Stimaon. from Bal
larrl; stmr Bontta, hence March "O.
Sailed March 23 — Stmr Bonlta. for San
Francisco; schr Beulah. for Umpqua.
COOS BAY— Sailed March li)— Stmr Signal,
for San Fiancciaco.
Arrived March 21— Bktn Encore, hence
March 22: stmr Ciarlna, hence Marrh 20.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed March 23 — Schr
Honolpu.- lor .
Charred Woodwork and Twisted Iron Frames and
Beams Bear Witness to Intensity of Heat Which So
Nearly Destroyed Passenger Vessel and All on Board
FLAME-SCARRED STEAMSHIP
QUEEN ARRIVES FROM NORTH
Messrs. Harrold, Foley and Galla
gher were appointed a committee to
wait on the Mayor to ask him to de
clare the day of launching a holiday in
this city.
It was decided to have each parlor
send to the executive committee the
number of members who will want to
go on the boats..
The secretary was instructed to
notify all parlors in the State to send
representatives to the launching.
It is probable that the eldest daugh- j
ter of Governor Pardee will christen
the vessel.
} Members of the order bearing a spe- j
cial badge will be admitted to the \
Union Iron Works to' witness the
launching:.
April 28, the date set for the launch- j
ing, comes within the time that the j
Grand Parlor will be in session in Val- !
lejo, and it was suggested that the i
Grand Parlor be asked to transact its |
business in three days and on the !
fourth day take part in the launching I
ceremonies. '
T. P. Martin reported that Mr. Scott j
of the Union Iron Works had agreed I
to have 5000 invitations printed, the j
same to have upon them what the com
mittee desires. He stated further that
two boats have been secured and that
a third one-whl be engaged. I
The parlors of San Jose were per
mitted to have representatives on the
general committee.
The executive committee, through R.
D. IJarton, the secretary, said that it
had been decided to procure 5000 sou
venir badges, to secure the Woodward
Pavilion for literary exercises during
the evening of the launching, also to
have two bands at the launching.
The committee of the Native Sons of
the Golden West that is to have
charge ,of the ceremonies attending:
the launching of the cruiser Caltfornia
held a meeting: in Native Sons' Hall
last night. M. H. Squires of South San
Francisco Parlor presided.
A request from the cruiser commit
tee of the Native Daughters, that they
be permitted to present to the cruiser a
seal of the State, of California, was
granted.
What Will Be Done When the Cruiser
California Is Sent Down the
Ways to Water.
NATIVE SONS ARRANGE
FOR THE LAUNCHING
Association: $10.
California Investment and Financial Com
pany to same, lot on E line of Hoffman street.
41 N of Visitation.. N 41. E f>;::6 2" S 41.
W D5:3 1-3. lot 2. block 1. Sunnyvale'Home
stead: fin.
Lorln Brann to 'U'alter P. Hrnnn. lot on 9
line of Thirty-first av»nu^ 5<» W of II street W
25 by S 100. lot 3. blo.-k 352. Hay Park; also lot
on sj line of Visritacion street. SS4 K of Milli
k^n. E OS by S 270, lot J». Visitacion Valley;
grant.
Walter S. and Jea«ie H. Ttrinn to Joseph
B. Coryell. lot on S line of Visitation street.
SS4 E of Milllken. E tW by S 27t>. lot 44 Visi
tacion Valley: $li>.
William an<i .lemirra K«>lsi> to John R »n<l
Elizabeth A. <»iblev. lot 2."H. i'ol,h Trmt- $H>
William F. Williams to Willie m Miller lot
on SW line of Tenth avenu-, 200 NW of N
street. NW 75 by SW 100. block 2i'\ O'Xelll
& Hatpy Tract; $!v.
San Francisco Savings Union to John If.
Skillicorn. lot on XW line cf Falcon f»vemi»,
142:11. NE of Moes alley. NW 135:1. XP: a.".:S.
SE to Falcon avenefe. SW 25, lot 14. block ¦»,
Market-street Homestead: $1O.
John W. and Mao' E. Hunt to Augusta P.
C a^id Kathanna Soeren-^n. lot on NE i-ornep
of Hale and Merrill streets. >: T."> by E "• lot*
22 tr> 21, block ». People's Homestead Tract
A: ?lt>.
Charles Alpcrs rhy John Larkmann. late
Sheriff) to E. Colin, same property as ile
ncr'bed In certificate of sale Alpers to Cohn, re
corded March S, 1WM (11 plecrs); $4125.
S. Ducas Company (a corporation) to Janie<i
and Amanda Beasley. lot on N line of fvr«i.i
• venue. JO:6 E of Mission street E 25 by N
100. block 3. Excelsior Homestead: 9V>.
Maria Rcuatagliata to Gulsepp« Roiiatagllata.
lot "n W line of Naples street. 250 N cf India,
N 25 by W IPO. lot 8. block .V. name; $5.
Masonic Cemetery Association to Thomas
lUdllngton. lot In cemetery: %\0S.
Builders' Contracts.
Marine A. Andrews (owner) with Thomas
F. Mitchell (contractor). architect — All
work for a two-story frame building If1»ts> on
lot on W line of Sanchez street. 316 N of
Fourteenth. N 28 by W 125. Mission Block
1W>; $3233. ,
Frank A. Dwyer (owner) with sama con
tractor, architect— Al! work for a two
story frame baildlnr (flats) on lot on S Hn%
of Hugo street. 85 E of Seventh avenue. E 25
by S 110; $3*oo.
John M. Vance (owner) with A. Knowles
(contractor^ architect Nathaniel BlaJsdall —
¦Deadening and Oreson pin* lathing, metal
lathing, plastering, fireprooflng. Iron work,
cornices, lintels, ornamental work of entrances
and stairs for nn tight-story and btaemenS
building on lot on E line of Taylor street, 72:8
N of CFarrell. N W by E M:a: $12,810.
Julius and Catharina Olsen (owners) with
N. A. Carlson (contractom). architect —
Alterations and additions to a fram* bntldlnc
on 1<H on S line of Perry street. 175 S"W of
Third. 117 Perry: $2S0O.
California Baking Company (owners) with
Charles Oberfeld (contractor). archi
tect — Brick work. etc.. for construction of
ovens for buildlr.* on lot on SW corner of Fill
more tnd Eddy streets; |r>225.
Jay Demlng (owner) with W. A. Burdfck
(contractor), architect C. J. Colley — All wortc
except electrical work, painting, plumbing,
mantels for pariorn. tiling, grates, gaa fix
tures and shades for a three-story frame >ralM-
Ins (flats) on lot on C line of Baker street.
100 N of Fell. X 25 by E 100: $6183.
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 20.
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company to Cali
fornia Club of California, lot on N linn of
Clay street, 173 W of fvlk. W 50 by H
137 ?it>.
Joseph and Elizabeth Hess to O*org- II.
l.uchsin-er. lot en E lln* of Scott sure.H.
10t>:l»* N of Page. N 24 : II j; by K lu«:H: $M.
Batrtl estate (corporation) to William
Fahey. tot on N line of Halght street, luo W
of Ashbury. W U7:tt by N KU:«; *U»-
E. B. and Carrie I*. Ilurr to Charles K. An
derson, lot on NE corner of Willsrd and I'a;.
na.--U3 streets. K :U> by N 10V; $10.
Harry W. Goodall to Harriet E. fterneaon.
lot on N line of Washington str»et. UC \V oi
Spruce. W 62:tt by N 1 1T7 : S ; $10.
John ami Harriet K. Harnt-son to Meroantils
Trust Company of San Francisco, came: $lt.».
Frederick F. Heine to A<nea Hein». lot o'l
N line of Grattan street, 208:4 K- of Stanyan,
E by N 125: also lot on K line of Tremont
street. W)5 S of Fretf-rick. E 80 by rf *7: S»w
H."S:ly. N 38; also lot on B line of Stanyan
street. 25 S of Alma avenue. S 25 by E lt*»;
also lot 114. block 24. Mission and ThUtleth
street Homestead; $!».».
N. ami Catherine ;Soderer to Herry Ohlandt.
lot on W line, of Julian avenue. 135 N of Fif
teenth street. N «o hy W t'0: $10.
William F. Williams to William Miller, lot
on K line of fan Carlos avnue. 21t> N of
Nineteenth street. N 25 by E J»t»: *lf.
laSstSQ R. chevaraus to Lara anil Mal°n»
Sol!and, lot on E line of Lan<l»rs sti-eet. fT>
N of Fifteenth, N 25 E 12.">; }1O.
Ausuj>tua J. Ranken to Antlers P. am! Jry
hanna .lohansen. M on E line of Fourteenth
street. 205 AV of Sanchez. W 23 by S It.*.. $U>.
Alfred T. Pnwelf to Victoria F. Powell, iiti
divMed one-half of lot on S line of Nineteenth
stre-t. 49 \v at Noe, W I by S Srt; ?IO.
Louis Metzi:«r to Franz R. and Emily
Pchmld. lot on NE corner of Twenty-second
ar.d Bryant streets. N 30 by E 10O; Sl<>.
Tsaao Moore to Ell?n M. Miore; lot on W
line of chattarcora street. 130 S of Twenty
secrnd. S 20 by W t2T>: gi^t.
San Franris?o Theclcgical Seminary to E<1
win TV*. Newhall. lot on N line of California
street. 67:0 W of Sansnme. W 4'> by N R*» : »1<>.
Homer !?. an<1 MItt'.e B. King to Nellie Clark,
lot on S ltno of FVanciaon street. 1*4 :llf» W of
Dupcnt. W 0:0*4 by S ''): $t0.
Nellie Clark to Michael T. Shannon, tame;
$10.
Giambatlsta Solari tr> John Arata, undirlrtM
half of lot on N l^ne of Francisco street, 22:11
W of Powell. W 22: It by N fiO; J25<1O.
John Hunt Jr. to Peplna an<1 Auguste Plcria,
lot on NW corner o? Mason and . Lombard
streets. W S2:« by N 60; fift
Horace L. Hill to same, same; ?10.
Peplna. Charles. August* and Maud Pi<y5a
to f)scar Heyman. same: $10.
William T. and Elizabeth U*. Paty to John
A. young, lot on E line of yissourt street. loO
S of Butt*. S 25 by E I0O; *o>M.*.
Henry Crone to*Francl» J. and Ulrica K. E.
McVey. lot on W lino of Tennessee street. 225
S of Twenty-second. W lf.O by S 2ti:. I >: $ll>.
Francis J. McVey to Ulrica K. E. McVcy.
same; gift.
Estate of Marian and Leslie E. Miller iml
nor») (by C. O. G. . Miller, guardian) to J. M.
Manon Jr.. lot tn W line of Twenty-eighth ave
nue. 175 N of C street. N b'5 by W I2t>: SI2.V
Samuel E. Tucker et. al to Imac Strasaburg
er. (same; $10.
George A. Turner and Clara T. llahmann
to Marcus and Freda Anderson, lot on W I in*
of Twelfth avenue. 75 S of B street, 3 25 by
W 05; Sl(>.
Solomon and L>ora Get* to William T. Bon
noy, lot on W line of Forty-eighth avenue,
137:« N of M street, N 25 by W 114: $10.
Frank O.. Lenta ami H. E. Maxson. Juli»
Croxon I wife of G. H.) to r*atherine Mainoti.
lot on N line or Sixth avenue. ::n<> W of M
street. W 22.1:9. NE 21«>:S, E l.V7:3. 3 20O. bloctc
06. Central Park Homeetea.1: $5.
Catherine Mauon to Daniel Roth and Leon
Biiim, same; $10.
James T. and Julia A. Roherts to Samuel
(Vnr»r. lots 1 to .".. hli>ck 2. Sunnyvale Home
stead Association: $H>
tjamuel and Amy (j. Center to Joseph B.
CoryelJ. samej *1<\
James R. and Sarah Mngan to J. T. Bloom
flel<l. lot 1. hU>ck 1. Sunnyvale Homestead
1U1AL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO , GALL, tHURSDAY, MARCH 24, 19(M.
14
IIOOMS TO MST — Horn, nnd l«fnrii.
AURORA. pMUtr Serord and Folscm *ts. — N«w
fc->u»e new Jurnliure; every room outside: ;
ncdern and «i=ny; r-r»ce» from $1 00 per |
• eek up: this 1* the only up-to-date house la
thia vicinity; first-elate erlll attached^ j
X^-mtUNSwick Tlou'e. 148 Sixth «t.— Rootc*
25c to $1 per nipht, Jl 2S to $5 per week and
light bou*ekfep:ng room*: open all nljrht.
AT 'The Almonte," S73 Market «t. (or No. 1
Fifth iL) nncnu. 25c. 50c $L $1 50 night;
f i 10 to $10 week: house open all night.
AVOCA. S37A TJission st. — Nice single rooms
with .-lectrlc light; 51 50 per week and up.
BURNETT. 142C Market 'old No. 1364)— Fur-
risheij locrr.f. suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ki'.is. corr.er Mason— Elegantly
fcrnUbed tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CCMIIINCS <Tbe>. 6I«* Pc«t. nr. Taylor— Ju-tf
cpened: desirably Jocated: sunny, single rootn*
ar.d suites with private baths, hot and cell
water, steam beat, electric lights. j>.»one every
ncm: elevator. Phore Ea*t 1317 If desired.
EDDY 11«. near Majon— Nicely furn. front
roora or sunny eu'te; rrices reasonable.
FOR single gentleman, in private home 'no
other rr<Tner»). a large, ssnny. furnished
N room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park er.:ran<-<- and 3 blocks from panhac<J>.
Address l.ox 1'CU. Ctil office.
FRANKLIN. 7SL, nr. Go!Jen Gate ave. — Punny
furn. front room: all conveniences; $S-H2.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
t» SI 25 night: $1 50 to JC wk.; readlng-roorr..
GOLDEN GATE av.. 1315. nr. Fi'.Imore— Nicely
fjrr'ched r-^oir:, u*i» of bath, with clgMt.
GUEF.REF.O. 1323— Large sunny rooms, slngl*
or en suite; reasonable. Phone Church '52A.
POWELL. r.O9-Larce s'.inr.y rear room; s-Jit-
Rb> for cne cr two men.
::OE. .'«? — I«ndy vOl f.rA comfcrtabif. sunny
?o<'ni: ii»e. kitchen, bath, sas: refined p. f.
HOTAL House. I2C EJlis— Incandescent light*.
readinjr-rccm. sn;ok!ng-tocm end ladles' par-
lor: rooms per r.ight. 3Gc to $1 W>; week. $2
to $«; month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
TT'KK. 7V»— Mo<]e:n parlor suite: srunny and
nicely furnished: a «ju!et home for gentleman.
CNITTn STATE?. 123 Ed3r. near Market — 400
rocn-.*. 35c to $1 night $1 73 to $6 week; elec-
tric Mghrg <no ga?). rur.r.lnj water In every
ri^t;; elevalor.read.-room: fre« bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 61» — Elegant front pariors
• n<J adjoining fpuite for office or club.
VAN WINKLE. 107 Jones-^NIcely furnished
roorr;*. f2: tur.ry'sultea. %T> per week; bath*.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Mcst convenient and reypectable; 700 rooici:
S5c to $1 M night: ?2 to $S week: elerator;
• lee. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixih— Electric light In every
roerr.: 15o to $1 a night: 75c to f5 a week;
cr+n «:i nieht: convenient to all cars.
AI'VEI:T!F?:ME.VT£, 6Ul)Rcriptior.« received at
Call branch offlie. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A RRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 10C.« Market et., opposite Fifth.
<>pen until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AND DOARD.
'"~^ ~~ ~~~"
¦731 Bush *t.. above Powell; select flrst-
¦ !?ss residental Iiotel; elegantly furnished
ttr.l tab'.e unsurpassed; electric light; Eteam
boated and private exchange telephones in
every rocci; terms reasonable.
B. DU CARPE. Prop.
O'TAVIA. EW. cor. Sacramento, overlooking
Lafayette square — Can accommodate a few
adults with excellent rcoins and board.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
:oi? van >r:ss ave.. near geart et.
esuxrr and first clafs.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
HOTEL HATTON.
£77 Pine pt.. near Taylor: elegantly furnished
suites, private baths; all modern conveniences;
American or European plan.
ELEGANT sunny nv.trs; comer: en suite or
*inel»>; latent appcinlments; electric lights,
fhnn'. hath, etc.; table first class; references
• x'hunged. ICO." OTarreU st.
HOWARD. S41A— First-class board with room,
s-ingrle or double, f-i 5O-S5 week: Amerlcaji
family: home cooking: home comforts: piaco.
HOTEL ELfcMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table: from $40; elngle f23.
VALENCIA. 530 — Pleasant sunny room; pri-
\«tf' boardi'ig-hoti6e; warm belt.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Elegantly furnished
taltfg. mitn batfls: also slnrle: bomeMke.
ROOMS AMI nOARO WASTED. •
STAXTED — Hy 1st, hy four young gentlemen,
larj;e sunny fn>nt room, with board; ten
minut«V walk from Thtid and Market. Box
*116. Call office. j
STfTTERI>'l» A>D STAMMERING.
THE MELBOURNE SCHOOL for the cure of ;
stuttering, and stammerir.r. corner Van Ness !
awe. and Market st.. S. P.. has been eatab- '
Msbed in this city for 3 years and shall oon- j
tinue. for it 1* founded on true merit and ha*
the commendation of reputable physician*
•"Vprywhere. It teaches a superior system
¦ad challenge); results. No wholesale class
work, but « hours' individual teaching daily,
reducing nervous obstruction to speech and
1-ading to thorough control. 'Within reach
"f all. Buflnes* hours. 1 to A p. m.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~
6AN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ir.g Society. Sth fioor, Mutual Savings Ba&k
building. 70S Market St.. opposite Third—
Fcr the half year ending 31 it of December.
2903, a dividend has been declared at tk»
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa
capital stock and participating certificates,
tree cf taxes, payable en and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1804. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Net ice— Mercantile Trust Company
of Han Francisco. Dividend No. 3 of rnree
dollars p*t j^nar*- will be payable at the of- i
fire of the corporation. 464 CaJifomia St.. San !
Francisco, April 1. 1304. Transfer bocks will
ck« March 24. 15*M.
JOHN r». McKEE. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses mere Issued yesterday a*
follows :
Harrison T. Clark. 2.1. 521 Van Ness avenue,
ani Frances a M. IJentW. 22, 1019 Ellis street.
Krn«v» Misule. ¦£>., l.',77 Fifteenth street, and
llanearnha Bender. 21. 1577 Fifteenth street.
Aden K'-k^it. S. r >. t»Kl» Folaom street, and
N«IIi» Maclonald. rO, 3S7K Twentieth wSreet I
Patri-k Deery. 43, Seattle, and Rosa Gerow.
y), Seattle.
CbariM E. Parent. S4. 2746 Miwicn street.
r.n4 Gfrtrude I. Herring:, 2H, 259 Preclta
;: venue.
Joseph WaltTs. 4S. 144 Fifth Ejreet. and
Cntherine M<-Guckm. ST. 1TK Seventh street
Ji^bn V. Staliard. 42. 2C3 Third street, and
1 r iar)kie I-;. I>utnam. ta. 2«« Third street.
V.illiam If. Brekle. 21. 2M.W J'ulton street
arxi Lilly Griffin. IK, 24't L>or!and street.
Harry McNr.ughmn. i'i. 42 Harriet street,
::i»J Kmma 7srevn. 17. 19 Rausrh street.
William S. ntytinan, 25. US Valencia street,
*r.rt Minnie White. 21. U. r . Valencia street.
EIRTHS—MARRIAGES— DEATHS
BO UN.
ONEILI — In this city, Marrh 22, 1904 to the
wife of Florence J. O'Neill, a daughter. <
WRIGHT— In this oi!y. March 22. 1904. to the
«ifp cf Part.,-n Wright, a daughter.
MARRIED.
CUTLER — THOMAS — In this city March "O
1XM. by the Rev. John Stephens. Robert *L. :
l'.utler end Jeanette E. Thomaa both of
Francisco.
HANSEX-SVENDSEN— In this city. March
22. 1IK4. by the Rev. O. Groensbexr. Joseph
Hani-rn nnd «*!a\a Svendsen.
MORRIS— hUARKET— In this city. March "1
:a0». by Ju<1ge J. R. Daniells. Edward J
M«rri5 and Theresa A. Sfcarkey. both of San
DIED.
Danaby. Dsniel Parsons, Charles
1'ia^er. Wilism P. Perrier. Mrs Agla«
• jundorsrm. Alfred Rosseter, Elizabeth
Holgr-nu-n Kawtrd Sr«ion. Katharine
Hanklns. Helen K. She«. Mar>' A
Howard. Ir\ln Kkeehan. John"
I-angei-rnann. C. V. Starasinlc. Nicholas
Meyer. Augustu* G. sterher. Friedrieh J.
Mui-phy. Frank J. ¦ ThompKon Allen CL
Need. George W. V« E t. Uzrla
NicbMng, sothle
«,NAHT— In this city, March 23 1904
•nnlei. beloved brother of Timothy J>anahv'
native of Camp. County Kerry Ireland'
g«d 75 years. •
CrriL-njaJna lit the carlora of M^Fadden
Ii-Brearty & Green. 1171 Mlasion street, be-
ween Seventh and Eighth.
ASER— In this city, March 23 1904
William P.. beloved father of \V V 'FraJper
a nmlve of Canada, aced 57 year's and 4
tnonthc.
GUNDERSON — In this city, March 21 1904
Alfred, dearly beloved Bon of Halvor iinA
"Marie Gundertion. and loving brother of Giii
tave. OW. Hartwlg. OUs, Harry, Malvin
Bella and the late B*nnle Gunderson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 30 years 10
months end 12 days. A member cf Team-
n<-r>" Union No. S3, ar.d Court Justice No.
It. F nf A.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
«Tbur»«3ay>, at ¦ 1 i30 ' o'clock, from the reai-
dcoce of bis parents, 120 Erie street, between
Folsom nnd Howard. Interment "Mount Oll-
¦ yet Cemetery.
liOlAJKRSEX— In this city. March 21. 1904.
Edward IL. beloved Infant son of William J.
and Julia llolgersen. brother of Ethel, Alice.
Willie and Albert HoUereen. and grandson
of John and the late Mary Harrington and
Ann and ihe late Hans Holgersen, a native
of San Francisco, aged 2 years and 6 months.
CCTKrieiid? nr.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 20.'2 Twenty-first trtreet. corner of
Treat avenue. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
terv.
HANKINS— In Alameaa, March 23. 1901,
Helen E. Hankin», beloved mother of Mrs.
Auv<M C Webf» and Claud F. Hankins»,
daughter oi 51. M. Mills, and sister of John,
Jacob ami W. F. MIIIf. Mro. Kmma Oswalt.
Mrt-. i:. L. Hr-irere and Mrp. EJla vVtthnell.
a nptivo cf Richmond, Iowa, aged 30 years
«: months and 7 days.
HOWARD— In this city. March 22. 1904, Irvin
Howard, beloved father of Mr*. W. J. Blatt-
ner. Mrs. <\ M. Erkcou, Mrs. O. R. Butler
and Mrs. Louise Carlson, a native of Can-
ada, aged 77 years and C months.
C3 P Friends and acquaintances are respect-
hilly invited to atterd. the funeral to-day
iThursday). st 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 237 Hayes street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Ometery.
LANGKRM ANN— In this city. March 23, 1004.
C. F. Augurt I^anKerniann, beloved husband
of Frederick-' Lansermann. «nd father of C.
F. Aucuyt L-ingercnann and Mrs. D. A.
Hn?rer:5. a ::atlvc of Ost»rburjr. Germany,
asr-d K8 year* T« months and i!4 day?.
CJTFriT.ds and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow < Friday), r.t 1 o'clock, at Me-
irorfal Ha'!. Odd Fellows' buildinc. corner
Fevcnth and Market stre»tp, under the aus-
pices cf Templar Lodge No. 17, I. O. O. F.
Imerm'-Pt private, Mour.t Olivet Cemetery,
by funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
« reels.
MFYKR— In this cit;. March 21, 1904,
Augustus G Mf'.er. beioved husband of
Natalia li!ez <5e Meyer, nnd father of George,
VlctW, May and F^rnerdo Meytr, a native
cf C'hiraso. 111.. aee<3 tC5 years.
t7Kr!ends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Fen'ices
at the Spanish Churrh. Thursday. ."larch 24,
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
t-tery.
MT'RPHT— In El Paso, T*xas, March 22, 1904.
Frank J. Marshy, beloved sen of Mrs. An-
nora Umphy, and brother of William H.,
Marfruerite and Clement Murphy, Mrs. W.
E. Jason p.r.d the late Alice Mabel Murphy,
a native of Iowa, aecd 25 years.
NEKD— In tMH city, March 2::. 1904. George
W.. beloved husband of Alice Need, and
stepfather e>( Ila B. Mitchell, and brother of
Mrs. K. Wrirht, a native of Sacramento
«'ounty. Cal. A simiutr of Gait Lodce No.
sa. k. of p.
ITv'Notic'' cf funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Theodor DierkF, 057 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth.
NIBBLING— In this city. March 21. 1904,
Sophie, beloved wife of Henry Niobllng,
mother of He-nry Jr. find Byron Niebllng,
and sister of Henry W. Schuster, a na-
tive of Germany. ae»<1 4.S years 8 months
and 7 days. (Marysvllle papers please copy.)
tv Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
'Thursday), st 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. STuhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PARSONS— In Pasadena. March 21. 1904,
Charles Parsons, beloved brother of Anna E..
Parprvns. aired 2S years.
iryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
March 24, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
tbe Howe Undertaking: Company, 157fl Grove
street, corner of Twenty-second. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
PERRIER— In this city, March 22. 1P04, Mrs.
Apiae Perrier. erandmothfr of Lester Per-
rier and Mrs. Hugh Cochrane of Stella,
Shasta County, a native of France.
iu^" Friend c and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlie.i to attend the funeral services
Thurpiay. March 24. at 10 o'clock, at the
French Church (Notri? Dame des Victolre*).
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul. Remains
at the Hotel Hradbury. 160t California street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
ROSSETElt— In Alameda. March St. 1804,
Elizabeth Winifred, dauehter of Winifred
K. and the late John H. Roftseter.
Z^T Friends are invited to attend the
fur.eral service Friday, March 25, at 10
o'clock, at .^t. Joseph's Church, Alameda.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
SESNON — A solemn requiem mass, the Month's,
Mind, will bv celebrated In St. Mary's' Ca-
thedral on Thursday morning at 10 o'clock
for the repose of the soul oT Katherine Se»-
non. ruother of William T.. John J., George
H.. Father Robert Sesncn and Mre. Mary
A'Btin.
SHEA— In this elty, March 22, 1904, at her
residence. 1375 Golden Gate avenue,
Mary A., beloved daughter of Annie and the
late James t^hea. a native of San Francisco.
1i~7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to Rttend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at Holy Cross Church. Eddy
and Scott streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass -will be celebrated for the repose
of hei soal. at 9:30 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
SKEEHAN— In this city, March 23. 1004. J*>hn
Ske»nan, beloved son of John Skeehan. and
brother of Annie Jorgrens, Michael ('.. Joseph
and Dennia Skeeban. a native of California,
aged 21 vears 1 month and C days.
STARASINIC— In this city. March 21. 1904.
Nicholas Staraeinic, a native of Austria,
aged 24 years. A member of the Austrian
Carntolan Benevolent Society of St. Joseph.
CSTnendt and acquaintances are renpecl-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-
day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, at Py-
thian Castle. 909 Market street, where ser-
vicea will be held under the auspices of the
Austrian Carnlolan Benevolent Society of St.
Joseph, thence to St. Ignatius Church, Van
Ness avenue and Hayes street, where mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. - Remains at th«
parlors of Gantner Brow., 1209 Mission street.
between Eighth and Ninth, until Thursday
at &:S0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
BTECHER— In this city, March 21, 1904,
Friedrlch Joseph, dearly beloved eon of Ele-
nore and the late Phillip Stecher. brother of
the late Edward and Otto Stecher, and
nephew of Mrs. A. E. Weber of San Jose
a native of New Haven, Conn., aged 46 years
2 months end 20 days. A member of
GesellRchaft Teutonla. Gambrlnus Verein,
and Carpenters' Union, Local 4S3.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother. 317. Minna street, be-
tween Fourth and Fifth. Interment I O
O. F. Cemetery. ' ~ "
THOMPSON— In thia citr. March ii 1004
of diphtheria. Allen Clyde Thompson.' dearly
beloved son of Captain Thomas and Rose C
Thompson, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 years and 3 months.
VAGT— In this city. March 23. 1904, Lizzie
dearly beloved wife of Jacob Vast, and
daughter cf William and Itose Matlack and
sister of Mra. Edna Bell, a native of Inde-
pendence, Inyo County, Cal., aged 21 years
a month!* and 28 days.
F. J. Mocahan, Manager. Tel. Minion. 3L
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
2239-2341 Mission St.. near Nineteenth,
Ban Francisco.Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
OAKLAND, March 23. —^The SUte
encampment of the Army and Navy
Republican League, at which officers
will be elected to serve during .the
coming Presidential campaign, will be
held . at Becker's Hall on Saturday.
April 16, at 12 o'clock noon. Notice
of the meeting has already been sent
out and it ia expected that veterans
from all parts of the State will attend
the • encampment. The arrangements
are in charge of Marcus D. Hyde,
commander in chief of the league;
John La Blanc, adjutant general, and
George W. Hoguet, commander of the
local camp.
League Encampment.
There was no further variation under this
head yesterday, all markets being quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 3382. SO- Pea. $3$3 23'
Butters, $3. 5C©3 70: small White. $.Jti-;i 15
large White,. $2 63@2 75; Pink. $3 2O0.J .13-
Re«l. *4 60; Lima. . fl 2Oa3 .JO: Red Kidneys!
54 3C«3: Blackeye. $2@2 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans. '$2{J2 W). ¦ •
SPEEDS— Brown Mustard, S3 73ff4: Yellow
MuKtard. $3®3 25; Flax. ?1 SO^l 90; Canarj'
O^e.TV,c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 14U«ii6c; Rape
lVi(i2c: Timothy, OSC^c; Hemp, 3VJg3Vje per
lb: Millet. 3if3Uc; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 9003 per ctl-
Niles, $3: Green, *2 9Cg3.
Beans and Seeds.
CHICAGO. March 23.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, dull and steady; Xo 2
epring wheat. flO#97c; No. 3. SOgiRSc; No 2
red. 91Vi«&93Vic; No. 2 torn. CO^c; No. 2 yel
low. 31%c; No. 2 oats. 3SX&3S»ic; No. 3
white, 3Mi041c; No. 2 rye. CSc; good feeding
barley. :iSe: fair to choice malting. 45(g33c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 07 No. I Northwestern,
$114; prime timothy seed. $2 S3; mesa norK,
per barrel. J12 S7H@1.'?; lard, per 100 pounds
$0 72%©C7u; short ribs sides (loose). $0 50®
GC2H: s+iort clear side* (boxed). $7 25Q7 37i,i
whisky, basis of high wines, fl 28.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 70.800 43.000
Wheat, bushels 43.300 70.CO0
Corn, bushels 200,800 137.400
OatR, bushels 323,200 ' 214.200
Rye bushels 11.000 10.COO
Barley, bushels 160,300 40,000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
DRESSED MEATS.
'.-Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as •follows: ' . . •
BEEF— -IQSc for Steers and 6H67c per lb
for Cows. ¦ ¦
VEAL— Large, SSS^e; small, S@0Hc per lb.
; MUTTON— Wethers. O&iglOc: Ewes. 9g9#c
per lb. ¦ .
LAMB— Fall. 12^©13c: Spring. 15ei6c
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7«?S^e per lb.
> .LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered- In San Francisco. less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8©9c< Cows and Heifers.
7@5>c: thin Cows. 4 ©3c per lb. '. v.
CALVKS — 4@44c per lb (gross weight);
t SHEEP— Wethers, 4V»tt5c; Ewes. 4H*»4^c
per lb (gross weight).
¦-. LAMBS— 5»4©6c per lb..
• HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 5%«6c
over 200 lbs, S^eS^c: soft Hogs, 4»J©5V;e:
Sows. 20 »er cent off; Boars, 00 per cent off.
Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about *461c under quotations. Heavy Salted
St-ers ftVje; medium. RUc: light. 7%c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and l\c for light; Stags. ,
6c; Salted Kin. 0c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, lie- dry Hides. 15«lfic; dry KIo. 13c; dry
Calf. lSc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25<|r.30c each
short Wool. 40ig«oc each; medium. 70@00c> !ong i
Wool, Sl®! 30: Hor*e Hides, salt. $2 75 for '
large and $2<92 SO for medium. Cl 2.1«1 73 for !
small and 5Oc for .Colts. Hors« Hide*, dry. 1
SI 73 for lanre and $1 .V> for medium. $isi 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Sktns-~Dry
Mexican. Sic: dry Salted riexlcan. 23c: dry
Central American, 31c. Goat Skins-tPrlme An'
goras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium, i
35c* small. 20c. . - i
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered.. 4K04^c Der lb; !
No. 2. 3V.**4c: grease. 2t4@.1c. ,
WOOL— Spring clip— San Joaquin and South- ;
em. 12 months'. 9ffllc: do T months', SglOc I
24627c per lb for California. 1903. j
and 17&C for crop of 1004.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The market Is unchanged both here and in
the West and is devoid of new features.
Cl'RED MEATS— Bacon. 10^c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 13c for light,
13 He fcr extra light and 13c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13Hc: California
Hams. 12Vic: Mess Beef. $10 50$jUl per bbl:
extra Mess, ill 5Ofil2- Family. $12 50»l.{ :
prime Mess Pork. $15t extra clear. $24©25:
Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10H@Hc; Pig
Pork. $27; Piss' Feet, J5; Smoked Beef, He
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at C%c per lb for
compound and £>Uc for pure; htlf-barrels. pure
»V4c; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb ttr.s. v lO&c; 3-lb
tins. lOVic.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 0?4c: three
ha!f barrels, OVic: one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
l)c; flve tierces. 8?ic per lb.
rovisions.
Mrs. Hartery has waived her right
to act as executrix in favor of Kate
Hatton. her daughter.- who asks for
letters of administration on the estate.
To complicate matters in the-set
tlement of the estate, a few days prior
to taking his life. Hartery deeded a
ranch valued at several thousand dol
lars to J. F. Reynolds.' James Hart
ery and Mary Walsh, brother and
sister of the deceased, have brought
suit to recover this property upon the
ground that Reynolds was given the
land to hold for them and Is now re
taining It for his own use. They fur
ther claim that deceased was not of
sound mind at the time he made the
deed. . Should they make their, point
good the will may be attacked upon
the same ground.
OAKLAND. March 23. — The will of .
Michael Hartery, the wealthy cattle
man, who committed suicide at his
home near Haywards on March 12.
was filed for probate to-day. He
leaves $1100 cash In bank and an
estate valued at 'about $150,000. He
leaves all of his property to his wife.
Louisa Hartery. who is at present sick
in St. Joseph's Hospital in San Fran
cisco. It was upon his return from a
visit to his wife's bedside that he took^
a dose of strychnine that ended all'
of his troubles. >
Michael Ilartfry Leaves an Cutate Be
lieved to Be Worth $130,000 to
His Widow.
SUICIDtTS .WILL IS
FILED FOR PROBATE
,\Va» York Money Market.
NKW TORK. Uarcfc 23.— Money on call.
•:*-£<;>•. 14£1*« per cent; time loan*, steady
.ar.d, more active; sixty daya, 3 per cent; ninety
tfajra. 35*6:54 pt-r cer.t: six months. 3\@4
p*r ct-nt. Prime meroartile i>ap«f, 44S5 per
jcrat. Sterling exchange firm, with actual busi
ness in ber.kerw' bills at $4 K7.1O©4 87.15 for
4"ir.8.n3 end at $4 M.3t"jI4 S4.4O for sixty-day
b:!i*. Prated rates. %i fees 4 KS. Commercial
b:::s. $4 M 1 ,. Bar direr, i.'» T *c. Mexican dol-
Jf!>. 44 l , n - Govfrr.ment bonds, steady; rail
r ad bende. irresular.
Xcze York Stock Market.
tNEW YORK. March 23.— Trarsactior.s in
"cks to. day rose consldfrably over the
-• und million i*iare* mark. Ur.ir>n Pacific war
»:;ll a ctntral figure in the market, anl !t«
H*ctacular rise of vesterday was th* influ
ence which r&UFcd the violmt and feverish
simulation in oth*>r atock* to-day. The rrofit
taking in Union Pacific, however, >-a» rteady
ar.1 zx-reifter.t. and this had an ultimate
*Srct on th- Whole market, which showed
Hwtis at languor toward the end of the day
The official circular ar.r-ouncir.e the terms of
> the retfiftrtbution of the Northrrn Securities
hu'.dings of Great Nortlurn ar;J Northern Pa
cific stocks save no direct ground for yepter
«iay"« excited Jump In Union J'aclBc. The sup
poEitton that a.-.y . contest for contrc>l in the
. transcontinental field bad broken out again
was belled by the firmnc-y« of the rest or the
market. The thecry wai= much rr.ore p!au«- I
Ible that the buying of Union Pacific was to i
secure on influentla.1 holding on the tart of i
the controlling powers in the Great Northern I
end Northern Pacific in compensation for Union I
Pacific Inflcence. This bujinc was not re- i
raided a* hoatile cr at defensive against ho#- i
tility, ar>d th* con\-|ction m-a» therrby formed I
that axi Interchange cf holdings m-as in course
of accomciJshTTM-rit, lockinsr to mutual rt-cre
. eer.taticn on ttn? various boards of directors,
which wouM work out as effective a community
• cf inter*-ats In the transcontinental field a«
the Northern Securities Company had aimed
at. It was this that fired the speculative rx
citeqsent in tiie market with it* '.r.fereace of
FimHar reeasuree probably to be taken In ether
railroad groups.
Th* pcrfist^nce of the prcflt-taking In Union
Pacific undermined the market, and only frac
tional c&ltis were left at the last where there
fc^-i been the principal mrength, while the
1 -rage Irvel of prfoes waa beiow last nleht'a
«¦' >fiKg. Union Pacific and Great Northern
• preferr»-d loet about three »o!ats. The activity
of Northern Feccritles on the curb continued
tr.-<Jay, and Northern Pacific "when released"
Tia? edded to t>w curb quotations, selline be
tween 133 and 12C. Thie«e movements were
cbvlously hosed on the adjuutment of market
prle*» to the rate of exchange- fixed fcr these 1
rtorka Jn the N'orthern Securities distribution,
and 'Jit* was no evidence of a purpose to j
accumulate the etoclc. The market closed easy j
at tho lowest. ¦ 1
: lionds r(lat«-d to the Northerr. Securities I
m<=rgcr were lacllned to r^act. makirc the I
bond marfcet Irregular. Total t^lfe, $3.4«JO.nuo.
' United States bendf were unchanged on call
The governors cf the St<vk Exehange have
decided to clef* on Good Friday, but have re
fuf.e<l to ftgnee to the request for a double
holiday, and the exchange will be or*n Sat
urday. April 2.
NEW TOP.K STOCK LIST.
Stocka — Sales. High. Low Clow> 1
Atchison 57.900 71 S 70*," 70?
Atchison pM 3.2<*> 91 'i 8f/fx •»»
Baltimore & O!,io.. 33.<»>J fl»i 76^ r 8^
Bait & Ohio pfd... «*> K94 K9 gj
Canadian Pacific... 3,500 116 114*. in«
<'ra of N>w Jnwy lVi
Oiesapeake & Ohio. 4.OW) 324 3*' ' 2314 j
• 'iiicago & Alton... 500 3X% ZS 37«T
<"hi * Alton pfd... 100 R04 SOU »»
Ohi Great Wertem. 2.500 15«4 15 75^ i
chica«o it n vf. . . -.coo i6S^ us iesi5 j
"A very good assortment of Hay Is being
marketed at present, although strictly choice
v.heat -could be chipped in more freely as the
demand for that article is fairly active "
BRAN— $18 50@20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *2b"S'.'S per ton.
SHORTS — $1S 5O02O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24@25 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $29 00@31:
Jobbing $32: Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Com
Meal. *29 50Q30 60f Cracked Corn. $3O@;5l-
Mixed Feed, $22#23; Horse Beans, $3Q®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAV— Wheat, $15@17; Wheat and Oat
*H 00@10 50; Oat. ¥H@16; Barley. $13Qio :
Stock. $12 50813 50; Alfalfa. $12 5C@14 per
STRAW— 50®70c per bale.
The local millers are quoting a very weak
market for Bran, Middlings, etc., owing to the
rapidiy Increasing ereen feed. Hay is also
easy, though, as there is not more than enough
to ca'ry the market through to the new crop,
there is no pressure to sell on the part of
holders.
The Hay circular of Somers & Co. says:
"There has been a decided lessening In re
ceipts of Hay for the week ending to-day, for
the total shows bat 2100 tons in comparison
with 2500 tons for last wesk and 2600 tons for
the week precedinc that. Continued stormy
wenthT has Interfered with the market right
along, although yeeterday, which was clear,
ihowej a rather gtronu and fairly active mar
kei in spite of the heaviest arrivals for several
weeks pat>t. As we have reported before many
consumers have been buying from hand to
mouth, expecting much lower prices because of
the bountiful rains. They are beginning to
realise now that they will find no relief in' this
connection until the new crop is ready for
market, and many of them are now prepared
to buy in their regular manner. The foreign
Inquiry continues, but thus far no orders of
any consequence nave been placed In this mar
ket. The United Suites Government baa Just
purchased a nmail order of Hay for immediate
shipment, but will not open bids for the new
25»>0-ton order until the 15th Of April. In all
probability this Utter order will be placed in
this market, and, with our already depleted
stocks ct Hay. there is no reason why the pres
ent range of prices should not be maintained
until the new crop begins to be marketed in
good quantities. .„
Hav and Feedstuffs.
EASTERN 3UKKETS.
Cal Safe D. — 150 js F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — | *
SAVING^ BANKS.
Ger SAL. — 2300 ISav A L So. — 100
Hum SAL. — — I Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mut Sav Bk.lOO — | Union T Co. —
S F Sav U.625 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 (Presidio — 41
Geary . . . . . .* — 80 j
POWDER.
Giant 60ft — iVlgorlt 4% .4%
SUOAR.
liana P Co. — 50c [Kllauea S C. 3 3U
Hawaiian C. 4S4 49 JMakewell C. — 22
Honokaa S C 12Vi Jl3HlOnomea S C 24 27 W
Hutch S P. 8% — IPaauhan S P. 13% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.140?4 — | Oceanic 8 C. 4 4«
Cal F C A. 9«H100 iPac Aux FA. 5H —
Cal Wine A. — — IPac C Borx. — ' ies
1IV& MtTm.100 — I
< Morning Session.
Board —
5 Bank of California . ...420 00
25 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 47 62%
5 S F Gas & Electric, s 30 59 50
$2. COO BaxJCountles Power Co 5s.... 101 00
Street —
$2,000 Market-st Ry 1st con 5» 113 0O
$1,000 Pacific Electric Ry 8s, b 8 106 73
Afternoon Session! .
Board — -.V-Vv
lft Bar.k of California... -.423 00
2-> Cal Wine Association, a 3 91 OO
50 Giant Powder Con .....-,..»;.. Ki 00
"• 20 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar. . . . . . 4H 50
5 Spring Valley Water Co 3d 374
$1.OCO Bay Countiea Power Co 5s.... 101 00
$1.0Oi» Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 5a... 100 00
$5,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s. a 3.... 105 73
• $3,000 Spring Valley Water Co fis....lO4 50
Street
23 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 49 00
11,000 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent. 119 SO
Flrem's Fnd.310 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 |Lon P A A. 1524 —
Anglo-Cal .. — 90 |Mer Trust .. — 223
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex ... — _
Contra Costa 35 39 I Port Ctvsta . . — •
Marln Co .. — 62141 S V W Co. 29% 39^
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. — 3S!S F G A E. 58W 60
Mutual E L. f>4 8T4 IStkn G & E. 5
Pac L Co.. 55\i — |D G « E... 27% 32%
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — I
INSURANCE.'
WEDNESDAY. March 23— C p. m
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask,
4s qr coup .*10* 108414s qr cp new. — 133V»
4s qr reg. ..107 107 "i ;3s qr coup ..— 107>4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — |O T Co 6s. — 120
Bay CPC 5s.lOOt41O2Vil Do 5s Ill —
Cal C O 5a. — 104H Do con 5». — 102*4
Cal G & E g ..' Oceanic S Ss. — 75'
m & ct ."«. SSli D2H Om Cable 6».123t4 —
Cal-st C 5s.ll«%117V!Pac G Im 4s. — Or;
C C Wat 5s. — 100UIP E Ry 3s. 105-% 10.1
E L & P 6s.l25 131 IP & C H Cs.104 1C3
F A C H 6s.ll4% — jp & O R 68.116 —
Geary-st, 5s.- 45^ 00 (Powell-st 6a.— —
H C&S 5HS.104 — I Sac EG&R.is. J»4 ICO
Do 5s 99^100*; I SF & SJV5s.llSmi»
Hon R T es.lOfltt — | Sierra Ry f* 112^» —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 |S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.ll2T« _ • (190!)) ins
L A L Ca. — — v (1910) — ICOU
Do gtd ra. — — (19C5)Sr A.104H —
Do gtd 53.103% — <19C5)St B.105W —
LAP lem 5s.lOliJjlO2 S P of C «s * . •
Market-st 6sll« — (1906) 107U
Do lem 5s.ll4mi5>j!» (1012) — UHV,
MV&Mt T5s.lO4 — |*PC leg 5».U3 119
N R of C 6s.lO7 — Do stmpd.109 110
Do 5s 11SU — ISPBH 68.134 —
N P C R Ks.105 — . IS V Wat Bs. — 105.
Nor C R 5s. — — j Do 4» 2dm. 99 —
N C P C 5s. as 102UI Do 4s Sdm. — 09
N S R C 3s. OS — IStkn GAE fls. — _
O G L&H 5s.lC6 »— JU O & E 5«. — 103
O W gtd 5s. — — I .
¦ ' • WATER STOCKS.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
FKL'IT — Apricote. S'^yiO'-jc for Royals and •
0@12c tor Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4Vi© •
t5c: sun-dried, 334',ic; Peaches. 5§7i^c; Pears, :
SSllVjc; Nectarines, nominal; Figs, white, i
3@lc in boxes: black, 4^c; Plums, pitud, )
5jt.se rer lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2^62^0 for the four
rizt-B.
ItAISINS — The Association quotes the follow- |
Ing prices: Standard grades, 5O-lb cases — 2- *
crown Loose Muscatels, 5V«c per lb: 1
3-crown, S-'Sic; 4-crown, tJ^c: Seedless Loose. '
Muccatels, 4'/iC: Seedless floated. 4 Vic: 2-crown '
Malaga loose, 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose. i\c: '
Secdle?e .Sultanas, unbleached. 4^c; Seedless ;
Thompsons, unbleached. 5 Vic Layers, per 20
lb box — e-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown ;
Dehtsa clusters. $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters,
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 .'55; 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy lU-oz
cartons, per lb, 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per '
package, fl?ic; fancy bulk carton*, per lb. 7H C :
choice 16-cz cartons, per lb, 7Vjc; choice 12-oz .
cartons, per package, UVic; choice bulk car
tons, per lb, 7iic; 16-ox cartons, seeded Seed- '
lings. Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-oz cartons, .
seeded Seedlings. Muscateln, per lb. 5%c; bulk, !
setded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, «i*ic.
NL'TS — Walnuts. No. 1 sortshell, l."i«i©14c: .'
No. 2, H l iigl2c: No. 1 hardshell. 13@13«4c; •
No. 2, llSll^c: Almonds. HHc for Nonpa- !
rells, ll^jc for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9V»c for Languedoc; Peanuts, «!g7c for i
Eastern: I'ecans, ll§13c: Cocoanuts. $• 5025. '
HONEY— Comb. lOQUUc for white and 8^ !
Git He for amber; water white extracted, 5® ,
5%c; light amber extracted. 4yjt?4%c; dark. .
3Vr«4c. ,
BEESWAX— 27629c p?r lb. j
Dried Fruits]Nui$fiaisiri$fi6ncy. \
*120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
W 6AK FRANCISCO. March 23—5 p. m.
Tbm following are the se&scr^J rainfalls to
ftata, as compared with those of same date last
•eaaen. and rainfall in last twer.ty-four hours:
Last Thi« Last
Stations — 24 hours, season. «t:.ir..
Eureka 47.29
Red BIu3 0.10 25.76 21.12
eacn.rr.erto 0.24 14.17 13. SS
Sen Francisco O.*2 17. €2 15.07
I>»«no O.M 5.70 «.7S
Independence '. O.fi2 2.40 I.F2
Can Luis Obispo 1.62 12.87 14.53
\s* Angele* 2. OS 7.52 10.22
tan D'.ego 0.80 3.72 8.7b
' THE COAST RECORD.
. - H = *is - "^ ""^ •!
.9 = = 5 r c «
STATIONS. ~ 2% If ?= f^ ?
c E ; • 5
I 3 3 : : :
Biker 26.^2 SO 2? N* Cloudy .C4
Carson 29.76 34 SO W Pt.Cldy .10
I"«ra:irn 25».9» T.3 42 W Clear .01
T.*Ktix2t 2ft. 62 3* 2S SW Snow .41
Tress? 29. 93 B2 44 NW Clear .52
Ir-iepenSerie* .2».69 52 42 N Clear .62
Los Ar.gele?...29.»0 6<> 4S NW Clear 2.48
J!t Tair.aJpa'.e.SO.OO 42 31 W Pnow 1.47
North Head... 29. 6S 42 34 E Pt.Cldy .OS
>Vhnenlx 23.68 70 IS E Pt.Cldy .12
J cat»ll<» 32
I rtUr.d 29.70 4fl M PW Cl<mdy .<H
r.int Reyes... 29. :>3 El 37 TV Cl<!>u<5y .49
P.f-d Bluff 29. M5 S2 3S PE Pt.Cldy .10
B-^burg 23.70 44 CO SW Pt.Cldy .2«
Facramento ..29.M R2 42 SW Pt.Cldy .24
Bn It Leke 3«i 04
Fan Piego 23.94 SS 54 W Pt.Cldy .SO
Far. Francisco. 3©.<*2 50 42 SW Rain .41
far. L. Obisjw. 30.02 54 44 W Clear 1.62
F*att!e 29.70 44 30 W Pt.Cldy .23
Fp^kane 29.r.t? 36 r.0 W Snr>w T.
Tatrv-Eh 29.70 42 34 E Pt.Cldy .22
Walla. .29. e.i ;m S2 S Pt.Cldy .54
¦Wlr.nerr.ucca .2S.72 S2 30 W Pt.Cldy .42
Tent 2».72 76 5a TV CJear .2S
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rrepjTire has fallen rapidly over Utah
ar.d Arizona. A ftorm of eensiderab?^ energy
overlses the ir.ter-mcuntaln rejrion. and #««t
br.und traveler* by all mutes may exp*»ct severe
we*£ber. Snow is failing from Fl&gmtl to
Fait L«ke C!tr. and tburK3er-*tcrme are re
ported at Phoenix and Salt Lake.
The tercjvrature ha* fallen from 12 U> IS
dfsrrws In Utah and Arizona.
o The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Wir.nemucra 32 miles, weft; Fait
Like «\ »•«; Moder.a M, south w#^t; Inde
p<-n<lenc« 46. west; Flagstaff M. *outhwest;
Phoenix 2fi. *«; Yum S", weet; San Diego
2t>. nortiiwest.
Tht fallowing ri\-er readings are reported:
R-d Bluff 14.^.. fallicg: Tsharaa 11.*. falling;
HarjravtUc 16. !>. 'artir.jt; Sacrara^nto 25.S fall
lr.g; Colusa 25.2. falijr^; San Joaquin bridge
W 4. falling.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
i. :r? cn'ing miinight, March 24:
WKortbern California — Shorn ere Thursday.
yearly he«\T,- frosts ia the interior Thurs
<J • -r-ing: froh y^utherly winds.
ITwiOMlll California — Cloudy, cooler Thurs
day; r^>»ibly lirht Croat in the morning; light
Ctertbvcal wtn<5*.
— Cloudy Trrursda*.
i^an Francisco ar.d Vicinity — Cloudy Thur«
<Uy, rrt-bably thowery; irefh fouthwm wind.
A. O. McADIE, DUtrict Forecaster.
At the annual meeting- of the stockholders of
the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Company the
following directors were elected: John • A.
Buck. Edward Pollitx. Albert Meyer. N.
Ohlandt and William Rennie. John A. Buck
wjrs elected president: N. Ohlandt. vice-presi
dent; J. D. Spreckeis & Bros. Company, treas
urer, and H. W. Thomas, secretary. The
president's report states that the sugar crop
of 1903 yielded 6«54 tons, a shortage of l<»50
tons from the estimate one year ago, which
was du^ to unfavorable weather. The receipt*
for the past year amounted to $446.4SO 00, In
cluding $438,846 33 from the sale of sugar. Thw
expenditures amounted to $450,744 C3. and oa
December 31, 1903, the net overdraft amounted
to IS1.S27 €1. .
The Canton Placer Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 4c. per share, delin
quent April 21.
Kern Oil Company— The recent activity In
shares of tills property was the result of the
announced intention to reduce capital from
SlOP.tXX) to $25.C00, and to distribute part of
its Associated Oil Company "stock holdings.
The distribution will leave in the Kearn treas
ury 3fM,2lO shares of Associated stock and
bends, valued at $63.C00,C00 par. The company
also still holds land Independently oC Assp
ctated OH Company. In the distribution of
new stock the Kern stockholders will receive
the same number of shares as before, but tht
par value Will be 25 cents. Instead of $1. the
dlffer«nce to be covered by Association hold
ings.
Xhe Mercantile Trust Company has declared
a regular semi-annual dividend of $3 per
share, payable April 1.
Hanford Oil has declared a dividend of $1
per share and Peerless a dividend of 14c per
share.
Local stocks and bonds continued quiet,
with no new features. Hawaiian Commercial,
which has been creeping up of late, was still
h!-her. advancing to *48 5O. and there wire
rales of Bank of California at *42C©425. The
oil and mining atocks~were quiet.
Recent oil assessments are Penn. M. D. & O.,
5c. and Wabash. 2c per share.
Business Still Quiet, With Fciv
Fluctuations.
STOCK MARKET.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 424@l 474; California
White Australian. $1 52V£^l 60; Northern
Club, $1 424<fl 45; Northern Bluestem. $1 62Vi
©1 57}j per ctl.
j FUTURES.
: Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
1 Open. High. -Lffw. Close.
: May $1 3'.#H »1 40% *l 39',i ?1 40%
! December ... 1 32% 1 33% 1 32% 1 Xi%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May— No sales, fi 4i> bid.
December ...*l ;«*, ?1 33% *1 3.3% *1 33%
BARLEY — The southern Barley districts have
been vistu-d by copious rains curing the past
j twenty-four hours and futures were lower In
; consequence yesterday, taking rfie cash quota
. tions down with them a fraction in sympathy.
i Otherwise there was nothing new.
The steamer Liberia took out 32,193 ctls,
t valued e.i $:{6,f.5<',-fcr Japan.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 12U'al 13%; Shining and Brewing,
$1 174£1 20; Chevalier. $1 15'jl 25 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 U\ |i K,-\, n iov t $1 1OU
December ... 1 00 1 00 OO^t 9»U
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
• May $1 10 $1 10 $1 U» Jl lo
December... 994 l»a4 994 Wu4
OATSJ — The situation is qu:-?t and unchanged.
White. $1 27 4tfl JTU; Liack, $1 25©1 55;
Red. $1 25fcl 3.'.; Uiuy. ?X 324 P*r ctl.
COItN — (Quotations are unchanged and the
market continues quiet.
Western sacked. $1 374 for Yellow. $1 35
for White and *1 274@1 30 for Mixed: Cali
fornia large yellow *1 -ii.?>; 45; small round
do, ?1 Stifl 55; White. $1 40^1 « per ctl;
Egyptian, fl 45§1 50 for white and $1 27M;S3
1 tO for brown.
RYE— $1 3U©I C24 ptr ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— »1 75©2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extias. $1 80*5
5 10, utual terms; Bakers" Extras. $4 70^5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing ac $3 85®i 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follow^: Grah.am Flour f3 25 per 100 lb»:
Hye Flour. $U 25; Rye Meal. l.J; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 25: extra cream do (1; oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4}j4 25; Buckwheat 1
Flour, 54 5UQ4 75; CracKed Wheat. ?J 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, *.J 50; Rolled
Oats. btls. |7 CogS 00; In sacks. $U 70gs 10; ;
Pearl Uarley. $6; Split' Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. ?5 50 per loo itis. 1
WHEAT — The markets everywhere except at
Chicago continue apathetic, and now even Chi
cago is showing quieter Indications. Carg6es
en route to Liverpool are neglected. There 'is
no change here worthy of note.
Wheat and Other Grains.
The Siberia took out for Hon*Uong a treasure
lint of $16.S.0f>9. consisting of ?7 109 tn Mexican
dollars. fi05o in gold coin and $151,000 in silver
bullion.
Silver declined 4c. Exchange was un
changed.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 S5
Sterling Exchange. *lght — , 4 83
Steeling Exchange, cables ...... — , 4 89
New York Exchange, sight ...... — . 12.4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Sliver, per ounce — . 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — ' 454
Exchange and Bullion.
Weather Report.
Flour qr nks .. 9.394? Wool, bales ... TO
Wheat ctls 3.02OI Feed. »ks ..... •£•
Barley ctls .... 4.2151 Screenings sks.. 200
Corn ctls 4f!l|Sugar. ctls .... 3,000
Beans s>ks . . . . - 431 Hides. No. .... •*«
Potato>«, sks .. 1.574!PeltA' No. .... 2.104
Onions sks ... 20! Leather, roll* .. £8
Bran, sks 53r»! Chicory bbls.... 20
Middlings sks.. SOI Lime, bblii _- J.t
Hay. ton's -454! Wine, gals .... S«.8oO
Hops, bales ... . 6( - . v
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 1.145!
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sk» .. 19.455! Chopped feed.sks 375
Wheat, ctls 12.320! Shorts, sks 808
Potatoes, sks .. 6051
FOR WEDNESDAY. MARCH 23
Receipts of Produce.
1 Chi. Mil & St Paul. 70.200 147*; HO*; 146%
C. M & Et P pfd 178
Chi Term & Trans »H
Chi T & T pf.l 4<X> 20*4 20 19 T ,
C, C, C & St Louis 75
Colorado Southern. 2<X> 18»4 17 17>4
Cclo South l«t pfd. 1<»> 54 54 54
Colo South 2J pfd. r.no 24% 244 24
Delaware & Hudson 2,300 151^ 150V* 130=i
Pel. Lack & West. 2W 2t>4 204 200
Denver & Rio O... 1«X> 20^4 20^ 20 7 j
1 I I>en & Rio G pfd.. 300 70 €9^ «9
! i Erie : 26.100 27>, 2« 1 u 26%
' Erie 1st pfd 6.S00 07 1 * «4H 64^
Erie 2J pfd 200 43% 42» 4 43%
' Hocking Valley 2O0 74* s 74»c 74^
Hockirg Val t>fd.. 2OO 81 «» 8Hi 80^
I Illinois Central.../ 2,f00 130 129 120^
: Iowa Central IS
lovs Central pfd.. 100 34 34 34
K C Southern 19%
K C Southern pfd. 1.200 37 354
Louis & Nash 4, MOO 10*>* 4 1054 105'*
Manhattan L 1.700 143? 8 143 143 W
Metropolitan Sees 77
Metropolitan St Ry. 3.600 113 112 112%
Minn & St Louis 53
M. St P & S S M.. two 63' 8 «31g 63
M.StP & SS M pfd l<«0 124 124 122
Missouri Pacific 37.600 M'i l»l» 4 01*i
Mo, Kan & Texas. 1.400 18% 1$Mj I s
M. K & T pfd 2.200 39 4 t Sr»4 39
Ntl RR Mex pfd.. 100 3S4 374 374
New Ycrk Central. 3.600 II? 11«4 117
Norfolk & Western. 2.2O0 59 ftSVs BS 1 *
Nor &: West \>li S5
: Northern Securities 004
: Ontario & Western. Ifi.noo 224 214 21 "Hi
Pennsylvania 164.200 120 117^ llfe*s
P. C. C & St Loula 60
Reading 65.900 40% 444 44 1 *
: j Heading l« pfd 78
Reading Ci pfd 1.900 60 60 59
Reck Island Co 5O.10O 24 21 U 224
Rock Island Co pfd 7.400 54 ' 62 624
PtL & SK id pfd.. 1,500 46 44% 45
St Louis S VV 114
St Louis S W pfd.. 10O 344 344 334
Southern Pacific... 11.300 50 40Vi 49Vi
Southern Railway.. . «*» 22% 22 22»i
Southern Ry pfd.. 1,300 S6 85& 854
Texas & Pacific 100 24S 24 234
T. StL&W 100 254 254 24
T. ft L & W pfd.. 100 364 36V« 36
i:n!on Pacific 117.000 85 81% 81%
fnion Pacific pfd.. 2.200 92 90 914
Wab**h 1.700 19*^ 1!>4 1»H,
Wahash pfd 5.100 36*8 38 36' s
Wheeling * L E.. 2f»> 17 1«% 16
Wisconsin Central . 600 19»» 19 18 T »
Wlacon Ont pfd... 100 434 434 42
Express Corr.z>anits —
Adams 222
American 190
t'nited States j* 105
Wells- Fargc> 205
Miscellaneous —
Arnalgan: Copper . 2T».!»OO 4i»4 4«4 4J»Vi
Am Car & Fily l,0<(0 2CS 2tl 20
Am O*r & F.ly pfd 2OO 70% 70^ 71
Am Cotton Oil 29%
Am Cotton Oil rfd ' 8S
American Ice 2,200 6% «4 «4
American Ice pfd.. l,.%00 264 2<) 254
Am Linseed Oil 8
Am I4n Oil pfd 2S%
Am I«ocoir.otlv* .. 1,000 224 21% 21%
Am Locomo pfd... 4^K) N34 834 *"24
Am Fmelt & Rfg.. 1OO 4S"i 48 T 4 48%
Am Sm & Rfir pfd 2rtO U\ 81 SOU
Amer Sugar Rfg.. S.COO 1274 126 126 1 *
Anacon Mining Co :. 34
Brock Hsr Trans. 2C».4"O 444 434 434
Co!o Fuel k Iron.. £-00 29 28 H 29
Consolidatfd Gas . ISA 1 ** 2nl 19^% 19S",
Cora Products 600 1?,H 13 H 134
r"orn Projects pfd 70
Distil. Securities ' -^34
C-tT.craJ Electric .. 7O<) 1«!»4 16X 1«MV;
Ir.trrratl F'awr ... *"» 12H 12^ 12
Interntl Paper pfJ. 100 «54 CS'i €5
Internatl Itinir .. " , 34
Int Purr.p pfd 74
NfttlOBft] Lead .... .VX) 15% IS 15
Kcrtfa Arrertcan .. l.W S« 83 84
racif.f Mail ~(«i 2» T 4 2-SH 29
Pe-plc's Gss 1.0O0 97% 97% 974
j Prej-fel Steel «'ar. 2i-O 30 30 20
Presj-ed St Car pfd <2>4
Pullman Pal Car 210
Republic Steel 7 V;
Republic Steel pfd 424
Rubber Goo-ls COO 194 104 194
Rubber Goods pfd 75
Ttr.n Coal and Iron l.nno 394 3*14 3S1J
T* S Leather COO 7 7 7
I" S Leather pfd... »»X> 79% 78 78
U S Realty ?.0O «•% 8% 84
O S Re»!ry pfd... 1.00O 524 5O4 5U4
U P Rubber 13
T" S Bobber pfd... 40O M% 53 53
V g ftH 5.4O0 114 lUd 11V,
T* S Steel pfd 6.S00 56^ 50% 5S
W*Mingrioui=e Elec 100 163\; 163 . 163
Western Union ... 100 SS4 88 'i SS
Total «a1i»s ..1.354.000 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. March S3. — Bird transactions
of the United Railroads of San Francisco were
$35,000 at $79 02 Vi. 145,000 at *79 S>74 and
?25,0C0 at $79 73.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
¦ Common, b!d 4^-. afked 4%; preferred, bid
S7. aeked 38
NEW TORK BONDS.
U S ref 2« reg..-1054|L & N unified 4«. 98%
Do coupon 105%|Man con gold 4s..lOt .
Do 3» reg 106VilMex Cent 4s f4
Do coupon 1064! Do 1st inc 13V4
\}y r-cw 4s reg.l31'%:Mlnn & St L 4s.. 95»i
L>o coupon 132%|M. K & Tex 4s.. 9S%
Do old 4s re?.. 107 j Dd 2ds 77'.i
Do coupon 108 ;NR of Mex con 4a. 76
At<h gen 4s 101 IN Y C gen 34s.. »74
Do a<!j 4» &S\4lN J C gen 5s 128%
Atlantic C L 4s. 024; Nor Pac 4s 1034
Bal & Ohio 4s 102 j Do 3s 71U
Do .tUi 94 I Nor & W con 4». »9
Central "of Ga 5«.103Hi!OSL 4s & partlc »4%
Do 1st tnc CO Pa conv 34s...-. 9«Vi
Chr« & Ohio 4 4t-.101«i; Reading gen 4s... 9fly t
Chi & Aiton 34». 7741J-L & I M con 59.113%
1 C. U & Q new 4s. 94 i S L & S F fg 4s. 82%
C.M & EP gn 48.172 ! St Louis SW 1st*. 9f»y.
C &.NW con 7?.. 129%, Seaboard A L 4s. 09
C R I & Pac 4*. 704! So Pacific 4s 89%
Do col 5s 7S%".So Railway 5s 113
C.C.C & SL gn 4s «9%!Tex & Pae lsts..H6
Chi Term 4s 7J4JT. St L & TV 4s.. 70
Cons Tobacco 4s. !>*%! Union Pacific 4s..lO« : 5i
Colo & So 4s S<i ] Do conv 4s.... 074
C F & I conv 5s. C7 iU S Steel 2d 5s.. 74 '4
Den & Itio G 4s. 97'$;Waba*h l«s 11.*%
Erie pricr lien 4s. 97*i| Do deb B../.. . fll*
Do pen 4» R"i»;iW & L Erto 4*.. S7
F W & D C lsts.!«4«.i! Wls Cent 4s....... S9«i
Hock Vil 44s...l«4%;
NKW YORK MIXING STOCKS.
Adame Ccn 10] Little Chief .... 0(5
Aiice lSiOnurio 400
Cre-ere ITIOphir 4 75
Hmns Con 03iPhoenix C5
Com Tunnel ... CS'PotosI . . "i
Con Cal & Va... 1 80:?avag e .." 5 t ,
Horn Silver 1 201 Sierra Nev.... rn
J ron . « lv «I 2 151 Small Hope* ....* 13!
Leadvllle Con ... C2i Standard 2 53
i Boston Stocks and Bonds.
I Money— fU S Steel tti£
Call loans ....240341 Do pfd . 57*
Time loans ...4 ©5 (Westing Common. SO '*
Bonds — ] Mining —
Atchison 4s .... PS*il Adventure . •»!'
'Do adj 4s RS lAnouea '."" T *
Mex Central 4s... C4 JAmal Copper " 4**1
Railroads— I Amer Zinc ..['" au
Atchison 70«:Atlanti« '" 7 fi
Do pfd OOUIBingham " o?
I Boston & Albany.2434|Calumet A Hecla 4U
Boston & Maine.166 | Centennial ..17V
Boston Elev 13S%!Copper Range " 4fil
Fltcbburg pfd 139%lDaly West ..." 27s?
Mex Central ll^lDom Ccal ... " «O*
N T. N H & H..100 I Franklin .'. 714
I Pere Marquette.V 77 (Grancy " rj?
Union Pacific SI K: Isle Royale 7
Miscellaneous — (Mans Mining 3a;
Amer Arge Chem. I34IMichigan 4C.
Do pfd 71!$!Mohawk 371?
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 |Mcnt Coal & C.. 2H
LOfAL MARKETS.
SEATTLE. March 23.— Clearings, $5S3,167;
balances. ?72,4C0..
TACOMA. March 23.— Clearings, 1312,291;
balances. ?."i0.lH,tf.
PORTLAND. March 23. — Clearings, 5410.541;
balances .548,831.
v SPOKANE. March 23. — Clearings. $365,S7S;
balances. J53.S24.
Northern Business.
..PORTLAND. March 23. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 75c; b'.uestem. S0c; valley. Sic.
The ship Verclnsetorix cleared to-day for
Que«natown or Falmouth with 22,459 bushels
of wheat.
WASHINGTON. , '
TACOMA. March 23.— WHEAT— Bluestem,
81c: club. 71c.
OREGON
Northern I Vhcat Market.
APPLES — $1 7uft2 rer box for extra fancy, |
$1 i.'5'frl 50 tor ordinary lancy, s5c*j*1 ' for
Choice anO 35it/C5c for common.
CITRLri FUUITS— Navel Oranges. S11J2
per box for lancy and 50c«Jl 25 for standard )
to choice; Tangerines, . T5c5i»l r*r box: j
Ltrroiu., $1 7302 5t> tor fancy. $1 U5@ 1 5O for;
choice and 75c4i$l for standard; Graps Fruit, ¦
$1 "Xt'S'l 50; Mexican Limes. 3595 W per case; i
Bananas, $\yi jur bunch for Hawaiian and j
?1 50#L' 25 for Central American; Pineapples,
WQS 50 per dozen. '
The cold, sharp weather following so closely
upon the rain put a damper on me Orange
murkci and traae throughout the day was 01 a
light Jobbing character.. Receipts were mod
eir.re. but stocks wtrt still unwieldy and urai
ers wore ottering liberal concessions in orJor
to reduce thtlr stocks. The steamer Sonoma,
sailing to-Jay, will take out several larg* ship
ments lor Honolulu, nearly all ot which had
btcn purchased early in t.io week. Business
in the auction rooms was qu'.et, the bulk of
the oirennss being bought back by the man
agers of U.e auction eum;>any, who were tvl-
Qtmly expecting a better market. Six cars
wire sold as loilows: Extra fancy, $1 2O&.::
ordinary fancy, 75ctf$l 35; choice, SOcfgfl J5;
standard, 7i>tjw;c. Lvsirable sizes of the choice
grades brouznt as much as the best offerings
ot lancy. Mexican Limes w;i«- iilentirul and
weak at the recent decline. Tne steamer
which arrived trom Panama on the preceding
day brought up ;«;.' cases. The other Citrus
iruits were In ampl; supply and featureless.
There was a fair inquiry tor medium -priced
Appterf 01 good duality, but rancy stock was
ntgiected, although the top quotation was
shaded.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 22^c
for extras. 21^— 'c for firsts and l.«&20c for at/
onds; dairy, 15©20c; store Butter, nominal:
cold storage, 20©i'lc for extras, lsjjlDc for sec
onds and ltiQVsc for ladle-packed.
CHEESE — s^JJtic for good to choice new
and 7©Sc-for lower- grades; Young Americas,
0UfrH, c; Eastern, 15tflQc; -Western. 14315c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 190-21C for fair to choice.;
stcre. 18£lS>c p* r desen.
Butter ruled very steady at the advance,
and some handlers quoted even higher. There
la a very good local and some shipping demand,
¦which is keci/lng the market very well cleaned
up. Miry country roads, swollen rivers and the
hauling off of the steam schooners are keeping
back shipments from the country.
No further advance in ranch Eggs was re
ported.' Some dealers tried to get one, but in
the majoiity of cases did not succeed. Receipt*
were larger and -buyers were not as eager as
for the part tew day*, though the demand for
th« cheaper, grades was as keen as evtr. and
they were lc higher,
Cheege remained as before. ,
Receipts w«re 54.50t> lbs Butter, 1877 cases
Kggs and Jt;,5f.o lbs Cheese.
Butter Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 16918c per lb-
GeeFe, per pair. *2fi2 25: Goslings, <2S2 25-
Ducks. ?5 C0®« 50 per dozen for old and t» 50©
7 50 for young: Hens, t<J OOgT 50 for large and
$5 &C#6 for small: young Roosters, pres
old R-.oiters. $5 5C©6; Fryer* $6J?6 50; Broil
ers. $5g5 00 for large and $tf?t 50 for small-
Pli&ons, $1 25(ff 1 30 rer dozen for old and ?2 25
fi2 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Gray Geeste. ,$3 per dozen: White
Geese. Sl^l 25; Brant. $1 .V> for dmall and *2
for laige: Honkers, ?»35< English Snipe, $.1 50;
foramen Shir*". $1 50; Wild Pigeons, $1 50:
Rabbits. $1 50S2 for Cottontails and ?1@1 25
for Brush; Hare, $1©1 25. V
The second car of Western Poultry for the
week Tvas on sale and cleaned up well "under a
steady demand during th« early morning trade.
A third car was marketed late in the day and
another car foils due to-day. There was con
tinued firmness in all descriptions of domestic
ftock and the light receipt* cleaned ud well.
Game was unchanged, the demand and supply
about balancing.
Poultry and Game.
B L Wat 6».10O — Sun Tel K»..113 —
Cal NW 5»..1U»; _ Doh 103H —
SF Drdk Sa — U3 1 * Suttr-st RSa.103 113
•WXE 1 !!*^ UR6fSF4 '- m "*¦
. . MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala SCO... 23 23'ilMat N»v Co. CO 89
Cal Cot Mils — 05 INer Nat Bk.lSS 205
9 f°S, kejr .. a - M J2o In s b r... »h —
S* P?. wlI "r.l20 130 IN Cal P Co. 10*i —
9 *! t^ff 0 - 15 M Oak Bk Sav.112* — .
Cal T I & T — 135 |Oak T Con. 75 —
Cen Bk Oak 63!, — looF Hall A « ~
£?, i£°«- * ¦ **4 Ornheum Co. 12 19
Cltr * C Bk - U2 Pac s Tel..lOOH —
DpntPwd pfd CO — s F Drydock. » —
-i* 0 * 1001 -. 40 — - |aF49J Co«l. 20 —
FN Bk. Oak.I20 — |g j Co. — 106
F^f^^i'.Jl^ l»i!SO A MTgbt — IBS
Frnch-A Bk.106 110 | Swi»»-A BH.U3 —
S" C S t V, A - 19^4 " I^R InC pfd. 44 —
Lon* SF Blc — 60 j
Momtng 8esslon.
Street—
fl.OOO Uniteil R R of S T 4 per cent.. SO 25
Afternoon Session.
Street —
I2.C0O United. R R ©f S F 4 per cent.. 90 23
California Stock S- Oil Exchange.
Oil Stock.- Bid. Ask«L
Aim* „• i jo
Apollo £j .
Associated Trust Cert 21 23
A»t*« ;.. to sr>
Carlhou / 200 J SO
1 Central Point Con «3 ,- ; ...
j Chicago Crude _ 2O .....
Claremont „... 5g > *o
iPf M tS
Fulton too .
Olant ij>
Hanford ...lClOft XJi CO
" om " ••• 1 S2S t M
Imperial IS 0O
Independence IS . 2O
K«rn 5 12H 5 SO
Kern River 13 0»>
Monarch (of Arizona) 41 «
Monte Crlsto 75- go
Occidental cf.W-V» is
OH City Petroleum 38 ....
Reed Crude 133
Senator «js
Sovereign 44
Stella* '3"^
Superior 03
Thirty-three 5 00 *t"s6 -
Toltee 19
Twenty-eight '..'. 550
West Shore 2 73 .'.',
Miscellaneous —
Associated Bonds xgt^ go
Abby Land and Improvement 1 4O
Fischer/ s Theater 135
Northern Cal Pqwer / io M
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
2000 Supertcr <vt
- 200 Claremont * . " go
Afternoon Session.
1CW> Associated .... 21 :
30» Associated 30
WO West Shor« 2 75
60rt'HBm« ' 1 in
10O Home '..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.1 55
100 Home *"i s7Vi
100 Monte Crt.to 11%.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the «al*s on the S*n. Fran*
Cisco Stock aad Exchanre Bo«r« yestentay:
. Morning Session.
500 Belcher 2«! ZOO Gould * Cur. 43
SCO Caledonia ...1 20| 200 Mexican 1 W
ICO Con C A Va.l W)( 200 Overman .... 2«
200 Confidence .. 83f 200 Savage «2
Afternoon Session.
300 Bullion 09] 1«> Sierra Ner .. 85
40rt Con C A. Va.l $0| 300 Silver Hill . . «©
10O Overman. 26> 10O Union Con .. *4
100 Savage 63|
pAciFrc stock excHa'noe. •
Following were the sale« on the PaelSo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
, Morning Session.
2<V> Belcher 23| 200 Union C<3« ,.-«S
200 Caledonia -122m 100 Teilatt Jacket 3«
100 Sierra Nev . . S5j
Afternoon Session.'
100 Caledonia ...1 23; 20O Sierra Vev .. «3
30O Challenge Con 3«| 20O Silver Hill .. 40
20*1 Chollar 21 10O L'nlon Con .. M
2C0 Cob C A Va.l 80| 500 Utah 20
20) Goutd A Cur. 43! SOO Yellow Jacket 36
100 Potosl 27|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following' were the. sales on the gan. Fran
cisco and Tonopsh Mining Exchange yesterday;
Morning SeMfon. ,
150 Mont T«n..l 27HI1C0O Ton Midway.. 38
10><» Paymaster ... 10L 200 Ton of Ner..« M
500 Rescue C»| 7C0 United Ton .. 18
Afternoon Session.
1C0O MacNarcara . 23' BOO Ton of Nev..$C0
1000 Mont Ton ..123* SOO Ton N Star.. Zt
350 Ton Midway. S5( -
/ CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. March 23—4 p. *.
Bid.Ask.! Bid. Art.
Alpha OG O»!Jufltlce 04 OS
Alta- 07 »»Kentuck '02 &t
Andef ....... 47 4*, Key** Graes.. 35 —
Belcher 27 2S|Lady Wa*h... — M
Best A Belch. 2 33 2 SOI Mexican 1 OS 2 CO
Bullion W 10; Occidental ... *7 99
Caledonia .. .1 to 1 25'.Ophlr S 00 i »
Challenge Con 32 341 Overman 27 28
Chollar ..... 21 "22;Potosl 2« 27
Confidence ...1 00.1 10! Scorpion 07 M
Con C A Va.l 80 1 «3 Savage 64 83
Con Imperial. 02 03* See Belcher../ 09 10
Con N Y 03 04!SI«rra N#v .. <S 64
Crown Point. 19 21! Silver Hill ;. » O
East Sierra N 05 — !St Lonls .... 10 13
Eureka Con.. — 50< Syndicate .... 64 03
Excheqtxer .. 15 16! Union Con .. *-i m
Gould A Cur. 41 Utah 2O 21
Hale A Norc. X* Wi! Yellow Jacket 34 37
Julia (V! .041
? . TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. t Bid.Ask.
Colehan — 18! Ray 4 OBrlen — 67
Espera nza ... — 01 1 Rescue 07 M
Gold Anchor. — 25! Ton Belraont.. 57 00
Oold M Con. 03 — !Ton A Car .. — 2O
Hannapah M. — 25|Ten Exten .. — TO
\iacNamara . 22 2tt|Ton of N>r ..6 25 9 73
Mont Ton..l 25 1 27 H Ton N 3Ur.. 23 3O
N Y Ton .-... — C2!Ton Midway.. 34 3«
Paymaster .. — 12 Tan Superior.. — 13
Ray Exten .. — 13" United Ton .. 1« 19
Ray Ton .... 10 —I
Shipment of $163,059 in Treasure to the Orient.
Xctv York Stock market livelier, unsettled and feverish.
I'.ncal Securities sfill inactive, zi'ith frju changes.
Silver declined y 2 c. Exchange undisturbed.
IV heat still quiet all over the zcorld.
Copious rains depressing the Barley market.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Millers quoting a zceak market for Feeds tuffs.
No further changes in Beans and Seeds.
Hay cosy, ozcing to the rains, zcith no rush to sell.
Butter and Eggs steady at the recent advance. Cheese un
changed.
Proz'isions still quiet in all positions.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Potatoes steadying under decreasing stocks. Onions unchanged.
Poultry f t rm and cleaning up well. Game steady.
Cold weather checks the demand for Oranges.
Shipment of 24.350 cases' Canned Salmon to the Orient.
Continued rains advancing quotations for Grain Bags.
Amer Sugar 120" |oid Dominion 9^i
Do pfd 124 Osceola 58H
Amer Tel & Tel. 123 | Tarrot 24%
Amer Woolen 11 iQuincy SO
Do pfd 76 I Shannon ~',k
D< m Iron & S... 8%|Tamarack 97
ICd Elect Ilium. .233 (Trinity 4 1 *
Gen Electric 1C7 |U S Mining 21%
Mass Electric... 19 |U S Oil IMi
Do pfd 72*4!Utah ai*i
Ma»s Gas S9 (Victoria ..*. 3-%
UrfTted Fruit 99 IWinona «
Un Shew Mach... 46 (Wolverine 70
Do pfd 2SU!
London Closing Stocks
Cons money.. 85 15-1C|N Y Central. 120
Do acct SO j Nor & Western.. COVi
Anaconda J^I Do pfd 89
Atchison 73 Ont & Western.. 22>i
Do pfd 93 I Pennsylvania 61
Pal & Ohio. S2T6!nand Mines 9U
Can Pacifio HS*i! neaJing '22%
Ches & Ohio 33%\ Do 1st pfd 40>i
Chi Great West.. 15m Do 2d pfd 30
Chi. Mil & St P.lSOUISo Railway 22 T ,J
De Beers 19V4! Do pfd 87
Den & Rio G 21 4' So Pacific 51
Do pfd 71 m Union Pacific 86
Eric 2Si,i| Do pfd 92
Do 1st rfd 6«»i!U S Steel 11%
Do 2d pfd 44 I Do pfd 59JJ
111 Central 133 -f Wabash 191$
Louis & Nash...lC9 ( Do pfd 37 V,
M. K & Texas ISTs! Spanish 4s 79H
Bar Mirer — Weai:. -5'%d per ounce.
Money — 3'i per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
•hort bills is avi per cent and for three monthV
bills 3 11-16&3H per cent.
Nciv York Cotton Market.
'NEW YORK. March 23.— The cotton market
rinsed at the top with a net gain of 22915
points. %
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, March 23.— FLOUR— Receipts
2C.4C0 barrels: exports. 8200 barrels. Dull and
nominally lower.
WHEAT— Receipts, «2,900 bushels- Spot
steady; No. 2 red. $1 02 elevator; No. 2 red, $1 03
fl 00 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
»1 03% f. o. b. afloat. Options displayed ex
cessive weakness all day. under heavy liquida
tion, closlrg *«c lower. May closed 95%c, July
closed ms*c. September closed Me.
HOPS — ijuiet. State, common to choice, 1903
crop. 27«j36c: 19O2 crop, 23©27c: olds. O^Ue;
Pacific Coast. JfKXJ crop, 24@31c; 1902 crop. 23
6T27c: olds. »{tl4c.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOIv— Steady. » *
PETP.OLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR— Daw. firm; refined, firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady: No. 7 invoice,
6%c; mild, steady; Cordova. 10*?13c. Coffee
futures closed at a net advance of 10@20 points
Sales. 207,000 bags. Including: March. 5.25«8
5.3Oc: April. 5.35<g5.4Cc; May. 5.40*55.50e: July.
5k.VS5.75c; September. 5.$K>§«c: October « 055?
6.10c; November. 6.15<?: December. 6.2&6$.3Qc
The CofTee Exchange will .be closed April i
and 2.
- DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES-VThe market is
firm. Common are quoted at -HIS^c: prime,
5S*i5?ic: choice, fi^tjti'.ie: fancy. 7^7>4c.
PRUNES — Continue weak in tone. There is
a more or less steady demand for small lot*,
and coast advices snow much improvement,
but local offerings are full and there Is litle
demand for expert. Prices range from 3lic to
6^c.
APRICOTS— Are meeting with little demand.
Choice are quoted at U^ffilOc; extra choice.
lOUfrllc: fancy. ll«T13c.
PEACHES— Ar» unchanged. Choice are
quoted at 7V«@7 l -ic; extra choice, 7V-©Sc; fan
cy. 9(ic.
Neru York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. March 23.— Tin was firm In
Londcn. with the spot position 2s 0d higher at
£130 2s 6.1. while futures were unchanged at
£130. Locally tin was steady, but a little
lower, closing at J2S S5g29 12H.
Copper was a shade easier In the London
market, spot there declining 2s «d to £5$. but
futures were unchanged at £57 12a 6d. Lo
cally copi>er was firm, with prices showing a
hardening tendency. Lake was quoted at ?12 75
«?13: electrolytic, $12 50912 87 Ui casting,
*12 5C312 7S.
Lead advanced 2s 6d in Londcn. closing at
£12 ">s. but remained unchanged locally at
J4 <W&4 GC
Spelter was unchanged at £21 17« r«i in Lon
don and at *5 (Bffll 15 !n the New York market.
Iron closed at 52s in Glasgow and at 43s 74d
in Midlesboro. Locally Iron was unchanged.
Xo. 1 foundry. Northern. Is qucted at $15.1ilO;
No. 2 foundry. Northern, at $14 50*115: No. 1
foundry. Southern, and No. 2 foundry. South
ern, soft, at $14«14 50.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. March 2T. — Brilliant vernal
weather caused during the greater part of the
day a general liipp^sition to sell wheat. The
tendency was emphasized by lower Liverpool
rabies, although the weakness abroad was due
largely to bearish American advices. Commis
sion hcuses and pH traders were alike eager
sellers. Buyers were hard to find. In conse
quence the market gradually became weak?r.
The execution of a. number of stop-loss orders
was a fresh clement of weakness. Minneapo
lis reported four flour mills closed. Further
more receipts frcm the Northwest showed an
increase. Suddenly a*, the last hour a radical
charge became apparent. In a rush to protect
themselves the shorts force-1 prices up rapidly.
Reports from Indiana claiming much damage
by drouth in that State were mainly responsi
ble for the late buying. July closed with a
lofs of Sift^c at K5 7 *c. May closed with a
net less of '4c at 02c.
Liquidation of the May delivery caused weak
ness in corn during the first part of the session.
The close was stronjr. with May a shade lower
at 52 cent?. July closed at 49-%$M9»4e.
Oats suffered during the early part of the
session from the weakening Influence of other
grains. July closed at 37%c. May clcsed
lower at 39 Se.
In spite of decreased receipts of hogs and
higher prices at the yards, there was general
selling of provisions. Commission houses were
the principal sellers an<! the buying waa largely
by packers. Eariy weakness in grains was the
main cause of the Belling pressure. A better
demand developed late In the day and some re
covery was made. The close was steady, with
May pork 12^»c lower at |12 92',i; May lard
was off 7Vic and ribs were 2^Q5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May Oiy, »2Vi 91K !>2
July (old) S7t* 87^ -85^ R«t^
July (new) S5% S6 84?; 85%
Sept (old) SIT* f£>v t 81% H2M.
Sept (new) 80% 81 H 30 ' 61
Corn No. 2 —
May 52 52 50^ 52
July 49 49% 4S^ 48H
September 4S% 49 1 ,4 4H% 4SU
Oats No. 2 —
May Sflt; 39Vi 3*% 39^
July 37% 37*4 37 37%
September 32 32 31»4 • 31%
Mess Pork, per bb'. —
M»y ...13 C7U, 13 O7«4 12 75 12 92U
July 13 25 13 27'£ 12 95 13 12',*
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May « K2V4 C 02^ 6 R5 f, 90
July 7 10 7 10 C 6714 7 00
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May C 8O « SO ti R7U. C 77 u
July 6 «2H C 92H 6 S5 G00
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LONDON. March 23.— The wool auction sales
closed to-day with a good attendance of buy
ers. To-day's offerings numbered 10,035 bales.
Crossbred* were in active demand and sold at
top prices. The general sales' closed firm,
with Australian Merinos firm, showing par to
5 per cent below the January sales, and the
decline In heavy crossbred* showed 10 per
cent; scoured 5" per cent higher than January.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal realized par to
5 per cent under, the January sale.
The American buyers operated more freely
than for some time past, they purchasing Aus
tralian Merinds. greasy and crossbreds. chiefly
the latter. During th« series SO.000 bales were
sold for the home trade. 64,000 bales to the
Continent and 12.C0O bales to America.
London Wool Sales.
ST. LOUIS, March 23.— Wool, steady: me
dium grades, combing and clothing, lS®22c:
light, fine. 15ifl7isc; heavy, fine, 12@U4c;
tub washed, 22@31c.
5"/] Louis Wool Market.
COAL OIL— Water Whlt« Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c; Peart Oil. In eases, 204c; Astral. 20Uc:
Star. 20Hc: Extra Star. 24Uc: Elaine. M^c;
Eocene. 23*4c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk. iCc: In cases. 22XJe: Benxlne. la bulk.
13c: In cases. 19<£c; 86-degree Gasoline In
bulk. 25c: in xsses. 3lc.
TURPENTINE— *4c per gallon In cases and
7Se In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 79
'\c.c per lb; White Lead. 707%c. according to
quantity. •
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as fallows, per lb. In WO-lb bags:
Cub«s, A ' Crushed and Fine Crushed. K.«.V;
Pondered 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.30c:
Dry Granulated fine. 5.40c; Dry . Granu
lated, coarse. 5.4Cc; Frutt Granulated. 3.40c;
Beet Granulated (ICO-lb bag* only), 5.30c:
Confectioners' A. 5.40c: Magnotla A. 5e:
Extra C. 4.00c: Golden C 4.90c: D,
4.70c- barrels. 10c more: half barrels. 25c more:
boxes, 0Oc more; 50-lb bags. 10c" man for all
kln<5s. Tablets— Half barrel*. 5«V: boxes.
B !,-«;• H. * B Crystal Domino*. 9.40c per lb.
No orders taken for less than •eventy-flve bar
rels or its equivalent. „'
CANNED SALMON— The steamer Siberia
yepterJay took out 24,353 cases for the Orient.
BAGS— The continued rains have caused fur
ther improvement in prices. Grain Bags. «>Hc
spot and 5%c June-July : San Quentln, *5 -5;
Wool Bags. 32S33c: Fleece Twine. 7H$Sc.
COAL— Wellington. *»o»r ton: X«* Wel
lington. $S: Seattle. ?G 50: Bryant, *« 50: Bea
ver Hill.- $0: Stanford. *7: Roalyn. «.: Coo«
Bay $o 50- Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7: Richmond,
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14:
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13: Welsh Lump,
$11 50: C&nnel. $9 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50613
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 SO
per long ten, according .to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5er*Un»e»-d 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw: Castor OH. In eases. No. 1. «0c:
Bakers' AA. 51 lOfll 12: Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 6OC70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. OSc for Ceylon and 55c.
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 85c: natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c: extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 65c; natural Whala
Oil. G0o; extra winter strained Lard Oil. .3c:
Xo. 1 Lard Oil. 6Oc: pure JTestsfoot Oil. 7.V:
Xo. 1 Xeatsfoot Oil. 65c: lleht Herring OH.
45c: dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 3Sc:
boiled Fish OH 40c; raw Fish Oil. 3Sc;-beU«d
Paint Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
General Merchandise,
that the island was under water. If such Is
the cas« srlces will doubtless advance to-day.
Peas. Rhubarb and new Potatoes from across
the bay came to hand too late for the pegular
trade and a large imrtion of the receipts were,
still on hand at the close. Tomatoes, were
higher. under a steady demand and decreased
supplies. The other vegetables showed but
slight variation.
POTATOES— Burba nks from the river. 05c9
$115 per ctl;- Oregtn Burbanks. $1 15©1 30
per ctl:-- River Reds, $lgl 10 per ctl; smalt
Oregon Burbanks for seed. 9Oc®Sl per ctl:
Garnet Chiles, $1S1 10 per ctl; Early Rose.
$1 «0©l CO per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, J2 50®
2 75 per ctl; new Potatoes. 3tf3^c per lb.
• ONIONS— Yellow, $2 25@2 50 per ctl for Or
egon and $3 50@3 75 for Australian: .Green
OnionE. 40<850e per box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. «©7e per lb
for extra. 4©5c for Xo. 1 and $1 2501 75 per
box for No. 2; Rhubarb, $1@1 C3 per box: Green
Peas, 3<8«h: per lb for Los Angeles and 4g«c for
bay: String Beans, I2';fi l.'.c per lb: Toma
toes, $101 75 per box or crate for Los Angeles
and $1 25<f-2 for Mexican; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles, per box; Cabbage. $1 10
per ctl: Carrots. 50c per sack; Hothouse Cu
enmberf, *1©1 25 per dozen: Garlic, 12>£c per
lb: Kgg Plant. 20c per lb: Dried Pepper3, 5@Sc
per lb for Stockton and l(Ktl2'{,e for southern:
Dried Okra, 1&812WC per lb: Green Peppers.
15@25c per lb for Chile and 20@25c for Bell;
Mushrooms, 5@15c per lb; Marrowfat Squash.
1^1 Vic per lb: Hubbard, -Tic per lb.
Opening 21 S5 2155
Closing 21 90 21 65
Flour —
Opening ,29 10 29 «3
Closing 29 05 29 53
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. " . •
THE SAN "¦ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; MARCH 24, 1904.
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Btd.Ask.J Bt<LAsk.
Bay CPC 6s. 99 — IS P Co 4fct. W 09
The average farm laborer's family
in England lives on $185 a year: the
average mechanic's family spends
$300.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — * . . May. July.
Opening 0 «% 6 6%
Closing : . . . . 8 t5*4 6 6ft
PARIS.
Wheat — March. Sept. -Dec
Foreign Futures^
Miscellaneous Markets. •
Trade In Potatoes continued quiet and prices
were unchanged,' but the market had a slightly
stronger tone, as- receipts were light and stocks
en the wharves and In the stores had been re
duced considerably.- Sweet Potatoes' were of
fering in small" quantities at easier rates. Good
dry yellow Onion* were steady at the top rate,
while poor lots were weak at the minimum
quotation. ¦ ' ". -
Receipts of Asparagus were nearly 900 boxes
but the demand wm steady both for local and'
shipping account, and as the market had pre
viously been bare all < grades ruled Hrm and
No. 2 waa quoted higher. It was reported late
in the day that the levees surrounding Bouldin
Inland on the Sacramento River, where the bulk
of the - Asparagus Is raised. *fcatf broken and
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
CHICAGO. March 23.— O« the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries. 14624c; dairies, 12i£e21c. Eggs,
steady. lSUglOVic. Cheeee, easy, 10»4©llc. ..
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15Take Pleo'o Cure for Consumption. '-.'.Will cure
your .cough. ' Orv- market ' 40 years.\ * DruKgiata."
Swell pamphlets- arr bcio£ printed by Edw,
S. Knowles. 24 . Second st. . '• t •
' The ~ treasure ¦ hunting ; craze has in
vaded :,Vienha,' and . thousands -of \ Vien
nese are now digging. all over, the' place.
SANTA CRUZ. March 23. — The
Santa Cruz Promotion Committee,
composed, co\ leading citizens, has
arranged an itinerary and In a special
car will tour the State for the purpose
of advancing the Interests of the San
ta Cruz cottn?e . and tent city. -The
committee, will. be accompanied by the
Third Artillery band of San Francisco.
Will Tour State for Santa Cruz.
Murine Eye Remedy cures Sore. Eyes.
Makes weak Eyes strong. Murine doesn't
smart, it soothes. ¦ •
15Q0 4 'pair; Point 'Lace "Curtains,: pair. .55c
"30d pair-' Cable 'Net' Curtains, worth .
:¦ $3 .75, pair .''.¦.'•.; ...-..^T'.-.'. .... .$2 10
316 pair Arabian. Net -Lace Curtains
'Whrth '$25 00/ pair '„. . . ."..WV. . .$9 50
Ruffled Swiss, Lace. Curtains, '.worth *
' '. J3 5O.,pair .;. . . : ; : . . . ... :..... . .%! 00
Irish "Point- Lace • Curtains; worth -
$9 00. . pair . . . . . V. : . . . . . . f . . : . . $3 25
i- Silkoline.-. 36; inches ; wide, '5c ? and*
1- He. per yard: worth double 'the. money.
V.. Silks, > 30 inches wide, 35c and '50c per
yard.- '/ , A ' V-*-- "•¦'• ' 1 *'*-^ ' '¦'.•'¦¦ : " ¦
. one ? of the $1 OO^prize^ packages
for 25c at PATTOSIEN'S.; cor. '.Sixteenth
and. Mission. streets. ¦?:. ; - f - . •
A . Few VV^o«t ! .'Curtains and
' ;. . ; - ¦ ' \ : Draperies.-..., .
"William - P. Fraser, a' carpenter 57
years old, died' suddenly jterday
morning in his room. 1812-Market street.
Death is believed .to have been caused
by heart disease. The deceased was
the father of "William E. Fraser, a'
dentist. • . .
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and Is the most beautiful Jewelry
store in the-world. Visitors or purchas
ers aro»equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery st., between Bush and Pine,
Sudden Detttli of \\. P. Praser.
To Visit San lYancisco
At the monthly meeting of the So
ciety for -the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children held yesterday Secretary
White reported that 114 children had
been afforded relief during February.
There were twelve prosecutions of
people charged with cruelty'and eight
convictions. The children placed in
institutions numbered thirteen.
Children's Society Meets.
G. : F. . C. '.Drode, • manager^ of ; the
candy^store;- George *,W.\ Haas, .one-' of
the proprietors;-' Mrs.^S.C.; Jones, Miss
Anna Kramer and Miss. Anna' Jenson;
employes," were; called in. turn, to iden
tify the box and, candy in 'it as having
been purchased at Haas & Son's/ which
they, did in ; a 'satisfactory .i manner/
The District Attorney asked each I* if
they had' ever, known 1 poison to be used
In the manufacture of candy and was
RECOGNIZE BOX.
employe of v the Mint and .who; re
sides at 1418 Howard street,'; was; Miss
Kittle Dettner ; in.1898 andwas-em
ployed as a, saleswoman at- Haas.- &
Son's candy, store.' . She: was;^behind
the candy counter when Mrs: Maginnls
served the woman '.customer \orii July
1 3 of that year. At Mrs. Maginnis'; re
quest the witness handed 'her a- piece
of tissue j paper, which was < thie first
wrapping for the box. Sheithought the
defendant.^resembled- the 5 purchaser; in
general: appearance,*. biit ; « could "-not
make" a positive identification/ . y *¦¦'¦ ,
Mr*. J. J. Maglnnls. , of Redlahds,
Cal., . was • thf>n . called. In" 1533 she
was A Miss Sylvia Heaney, ¦¦ < resid
ing at 1414 Alabama ; street- In
this city; and' was a saleswoman ;at
Haas & Son's candy- store at 810.Mar
ket street. On Sunday' afternoon, July
V 13, of that year, between the hours, of
3:30 and-4:30 o'clock a woman customer
bought from her a fancy box "of choco
lates. The purchaser asked i ' that ;• the
box be not entirely filled, as she wished
to put some other things in it. \, She
noticed that the purchaser -was nerv
ous and Impatient. She Identified the
box which the prosecution claims \ was
received by Mrs. Dunning at Dover as
similar is/ every way to that she sold
to the woman on July 13, 1898, and also
said that the wrapper was, of ."'paper
similar to that used at. Haas' -shop at
that time. Asked If the defendant was
the woman who purchased the' candy,
the witness said that she could. not, say|
positively, but that she resembled "-her
cutomer in general appearance. She
had seen Mrs. Botkin at the City. Hall,
previous to th"e first trial, '¦ arid <froin! her
appearance and movements <*had con
cluded that the defendant looked .very
much like the woman who bought" the
box of candy in question. '" .;..''. /
-Mrs. J. W. Clark, whose husband 'is
CANDY GIRLS TESTIFY.
The cross - examination tardily ;
brought out the fact that the arsenic !
purchased from Grey was powdered |
and not in lump form, which is an.im
portant point, inasmuch as all the tes
timony so far Introduced by the prose
cution is to the effect that the poison
in. the candy was lump arsenic.
Professor Thomas Price, the well
known local chemist, who has been en
gaged in the profession for forty-two
years in this city, was next. called. He
had taken seven pieces of the candy
from the* box presented to him by Chief
of Police Lees and Detective McVey,
together with some powdered residue
at the bottom of the box. When asked
the results of his analyses Knight in
terposed an objection on the ground
that /it had not been sufficiently shown
by the "prosecution that the box from
which Professor Price had taken the
candy was the same as that received
by. MrsJ Dunning in Dover. Judge Cook
reserved his decision until he could
have an opportunity of having some of
the testimony read to him and 'could
examine authorities. He had not reach
ed a determination at the time of ad
journment yesterday afternoon. The
witness was withdrawn temporarily
pending the ruling. . . .'
state positively that the defendant was
the purchaser of the poison.
"I am not absolutely certain," was
tho answer, "but it was she to the best
of my knowledge and belief."
Owing to the Importance of the po
sition action willnot be taken by the
Board of Education until next May or
June. Mayor Schmitz will be a large
factor in the selection of the man, as
School Directors Roncovleri, "Walsh and
Boyle would no doubt be guided therein
by the one to whom they owe their own
political advancement.
Among other candidates for the prin
cipalship are Charles H. Ham. head
of English and history in the Poly
technic High School; J: J. Gallagher,
head of classics in the Lowell High
School: Principal Scott of. the Alameda
High School; W. N. Bush, principal of
the Polytechnic High School; Albert
M.. Armstrong, head of classics in "the
Mission High School. In all likelihood
the crop of candidates will be largely
Increased before the appointment is
made.
School Director Mark Is one of the
candidates for the, place and believes
himself well qualified for It from an
executive point of view. Mark is of
the opinion that his colleagues will
vote fur him, but he has. a strong com
petitor in. Richard D. Faulkner, at pres
ent principal of the Franklin Grammar
School. *'-r.C.
It has been known for several months
that Professor Brooks contemplated
severing his connection with the public
School Department, in which he has
faithfully served for many years. He
intends to retire to his ranch In Ben
Lomond for the remainder of his years.
Now. that it is known that Professor
Brooks will resign several educators
have already begun , to present their
claims for the position, which pays $250
per month and carries with it a prac
tical life tenure.
Professor Elisha Brooks, principal of
the Girls' High School, de^nitely an
nounced to the Board of Education yes
terday that he would resign his posi
tion at the end of the present school
term. The resignation will take effect
on the date of the opening of the next
school term or on some day in July,
though Brooks says he will retire at
any time his successor is appointed.
DOVER, Del., March 23^— County
officials are alarmed over the. mysteri
ous disappearance of the death certifi
cate of Mrs. John . P. Dunning, for
whose. murder Mrs. Cordelia Botkin is
now; being tried in California. Addi
tional search; made; to-day; disclosed
the fact 'that the 'certificate of Mrs.
Joshua b.^Deane's death, a 'sister of
Mrs. Dunning, who was also. killed^ by
the poisoned candy,- was "missing" from
the county archives." "The disappear
ance of the certificate, of -Mrs. Deane
has baffled the corps of. lawyers who
have been .searching •' the for
the two /certificates. ..The^ certificate, it
is alleged, would refute -the^testimony
bf.Coroner W. J. .Walls/who is said to
be a. star. witness for- Mrs. Botkin.
The disappearance of .the death cer
tificates' is regarded, as a most mys
terious 7. circumstance,-, especially in
view of a recent report' frorn^ San-Fran
cisco that the /defense in [ the Botkin
trial proposed I ¦to^ demand that the
prosecution present. proof of the death
'Mrs. Dunnihgiand^of } the /manner
of her 'death.- Those certificates stated
that -the:, two women' died- of 'arsenical
poisoning '1 and they/ were signed by
Coroner Walls/ It is how
ever, that an affidavit \by s the | Coroner
will, be. offered stating -that ; -he>was in
fofmed bV>,his .physicians ;that'." death
was .due to^chplerVrhorb'usr^ ,<
DOVER OFFICIALS ALARMED.
After the" adjournment ,- Mrs. Bot
kin grasped by
the hand ¦ .and." thanked-- him
warmly for; his-? day's j? work. • She
seemed much ;: ehcouraged ; by the
result of the day's -.proceedings' and
beamed on everybody within the bar.
David B. Green, who was employed
in 1898 p.s pharmacist at the Star 1
drujj store, 1002" Market street, was
the last witness of the day._ He testi
fied that on June 1 -of that' year he
sold to aWoman^two' ounces of lump
arsenic and that Mrs/ Botkin .re
sembled generally • in jj appearance
the- one who- had.' purchased
the poison. He explained that he
sold her lump .arsenic because that
was the only kind in stock, although
as ' a general rule pulverized arsenic
was the form of the poison retailed.
An objection was irtade'tO'his detail-
Ing the conversation 'between him and
his ' customer and Judge Cook ruled
that it would be improper.
District A ttorney, .\ Byington stated
that ihe examina,tion.:Of the. next wit
ness would occupy a long time, and, as"
it was after ,4 o'clock, an adjournment
was ordered -.until ,10 o'ciock ' this
i morning. ' . .. . '
answered in the negative. Attorney
Knight took Haas into a detailed ac
count of the manufacture of "candy,
but aside from adding to his already
large stock of general knowledge, de
rived no benefit from the long cross
examlYiatlon. , v ¦
S. Grey when he sold a woman an
swering Mrs. Botkin's description two
ounces of arsenic on the same date.
Bernard J. McVey, who at the time" of
the murder of Mrs. Dunning and Mrs.
Deane was State Detective of Delaware
and who ¦ brought from Dover to San
FrancisCo the remaining pieces of poi
soned . candy, together with the box,
wrapper, note and handkerchief con
tained in the box. was the first witness
of the day, having been recalled by the
prosecution. - He made a positive identi
fication of the candy, stating that five
years ago he was . perfectly familiar
with every piece in the box. Between
that time and this, he said, the candy
had shrunk some, but its . geneVal ap
pearance'was so' far .unSkUered as to al
low him to state positively that it was
the same he had turned over to Chief
of Police Lees In this city.
KNIGHT ATTACKS LEES.
"Don't you know of your own knowl
edge,", roared Knight, "that Chief of
Police Lees bought candy from Haas &
Son and doped it with arsenic for the
purpose of convicting this defendant?"
"I do not," was the quiet answer.
"Is it not a fact." continued Knight,
still in thunder, tones, "that you- and
Lees stuffed candy, with arsenic and
turned some of it over to Chemist
Price in a conspiracy . . to hang the
charge of murder on Mrs. Botkin?"
"It is not," McVey- answered.
When Knight had ''finished Byington
had a question or two.
"Did Chief of Police Lees ever inform
you that he had. intercepted Dr. Bishop
when he was on hte way from Dover to
Newark, Delaware, with the poisoned
candy in his^possession, had taken the
candy away from * him and stuffed- it
full of .arsenic?" •-'."". ' :
"No, 'sir,-" said .the witness. ;/ , ,
"Did Chief of Police Lees ever tell
you that he journeyed to 'Newark 'and
Induced Dr. Wolfe, the State chemist,
the day after, the funeral of Mrs.-Dun
ning and Mrs.. Deane, to make a report
that the candy' in question contained
large quantities of arsenic?".
"He "did not," said. McVey.
Knight was on his feet again, roaring
like a lion." - " ;'¦
"Did 'you ever hear that Dr. Bishop
paid, /My. God, -I'm -up' against it! X've
poisoned • tjvo 'women, and " I' must pre
pare some kind of a % defense'?" '
"No,. sir," said the w'itness.,
"Dld- you '.ever hear 'that. Dr. Bishop
did riot ' know' . the | dj ff orence between
ptomaine ;• and arsenical -.poisoning and
cholera .morbus, and 1 that -he tried to
shift the blame for .the ¦ worh'en's deaths
upon ; thjs defendant?".: -- ; <-_ \ ': ;
**I never did," . was thefans w'er.
"Did you ever, hear- that ¦ the. cook at
the Pennlngton ! .home" threatene'd ' to
poison' the - whble'j famIFy by putting
arsenic in their coffee?" ,
"No. tAt." said McVey.
In presenting thej various exhibits of
candy and tho r exemplars Knight had
j smeared hl&* hands -with ; chocolate. "I
I feel like wa shing - up," he said, "after
this Lees .bus'iness," and ; the .trial wait
ed while he sought the v Judge's cham
ber arid cleansed his handi^"
Du.xxi xg wrrii defendant.
Frank S; Grey/ the pharmacist who
sold a .woman two ounces of arsenic on
June 1, was recalled and made a con
siderably stronger , identification ';. of
Mrs. Botkin as ; the I purchaser . of the
poison than' he had on the day before.
In . addition . he testified that he saw
Mrs. Botkin and John :p.' Dunning to
' gether previously, at ;. the', Baldwin Ho
tel Pharmacy, where he .'was employ
ed in :1897.' 'He'knew'it .was Dunning
¦ because-George Beck/ his assistant, had
so Informed him. ¦ Attorney Knight had
Mrs. Botkin stand up before the wit
ness, and then asked fGrey if. h*> could
PHARMACIST KRANK S. GREY POINTS TO MRS. BOTKIX AND SAYS THAT TO THE BKST OF HIS KNOWLEDGE AND BE
LIEF SHE PURCHSED ARSENIC AT HIS ESTABLISHMENT PRIOR TO THE.MUP.DER OF MRS. DUNNING AND MRS.
DEANE. AND JUDGE COOK TAKES NOTES OF THE TESTIMONY.
Elisha Brooks Will Eetire
as Head of the Girls' High
School at End of the Term
Professor •' H. Morse Stephens \ last
night 'completed, his „ course of lectures
on. the "History .of the French Revo
lution", in ,' the art room' of the j Me
chanics' Pavilion. Professor Stephens
will resume'hls \ university extension
course under the auspices '. of the Me
chanics'. Institute next September.
Tuesday evening, April .5, he w-ill hold
a reception at the Mechanics' Institute
Library. * - , ¦ . . "
Professor. Stephens ; Lectures.
WILL RESIGN
AS PRINCIPAL
¦ On account, of the absence in Austra
lia of Dr. Hemphill, the family's pas
ter, the Rev. William Kirk Guthrle,
minister of the First Prgsbyterian
Church; officiated "at the services, which
were N private. ' • r
During the service a choir composed
of Miss L. McCloskey, Mrs. - Appel,
Thomas .Elliott, and Homer S. Henley
rendered the, hymns "Lead,. Kindly
Light," ¦ "Rock of Ages" and "Abide
With Me," under direction of Dr. h! J.-
Stewart. : • ¦ . «•:
The honorary pallbearers .were "Wil
liam Alvord. D. O. -Mills, Charles K.
Bishop, William: Babcock, Judge Gar
ber,'J. S. Tobln, Joseph A. Donohoe, D.
T. Murphy, George Whittell. W. W.
Montague, H. L. Whipple and R: H.
Lloyd. ¦¦'.:-' • ' ¦•' , '
The employes, of the firm "of Murphy,
Grant & Co. .attended the obsequies-tn
a body and took. up a position at the
sides of the stairway of the residence.
The interment,-- at '^Mountain View Cem
etery, Was private, the. attendance be
ing confined strictly to the relatives of
the departed. ¦
Throughout the day the respect of
the merchants of the city was shown
by the* ; numerous flags at -half-mast,
and in many instances wholesale houses
closed their doors. • .-
All that was mortal of the late Adam
Grant j was ; laid to. rest yesterday in
Mountain View Cemetery.
The funeral services were conducted
in the morning at the Grant residence,
1112 Bush street, where a body of repre
sentative citizens assembled, the pro
fessions as well as the mercantile world
being represented. ¦
Beautiful floral tributes were sent by
institutions with which the late Mr.
Grant had been for years connected,
and the casket was hidden beneath a
pall of .violets.' *¦' ' "• .
Many of Wholesale Houses
Close Doors as a Tribute
of Eespect'to the Deceased
An objection was promptly, interposed
and sustained. Judge Cook -said- that. to
the best of his recollectlpn no answer
had been made by witness to the ques
tion asked by Knight, and that" there
fore the door was not open to 'further
inquiry. In this tbe Judge's recollection
was at fault, because the witness,an
ewered plainly "Yes." A search of the
xecord was started, but as«it threatened
to occupy considerable time it was
Abandoned. To-day the District Attor
ney will make another attempt to
bring out the conversation. ¦ Green
claims that the purchaser of the arsenic
told him she wished to use it for
blearhing purposes, which was the
tame reason given to Pharmacist Frank
SUSTAINS OBJECTION'
Attorney Knight asked his client to
stand up, and the witness also arose
from his seat. Mrs. Botkin stood side
ways to th« •wiuiess and hunjr her head
to one. side* Grey regarded her at
tentively, and the entire, courtroom
waited breathlessly for his answer.
Finally it came out clearly:
"To the best of my knowledge and
belief that is the woman/'-
When the witness ma4e this declara
tion the defendant sank back in her
chair, breathing as though having made
a great exertion.
Superior Judge Mahon of Sutter
County sat with Judge Cook during 1
the afterncron session and was fre
quently consulted by the latter on nu
merous objections interposed by de
fendant's attorneys to the questions
atked by District Attorney Byington^
David B. Green, a pharmacist, who
in Jane, 1S98, was employed at the
Star drug store at 1002 Market street,
might have made an important wit
nets had rot what he was ready to
testify to been curtailed by a ruling
of Jutge Cook. He- declared that on
June 1 he cold to a woman who " re
sembled lire. Botkin in general appear
ance two ounces of lump arsenic. On
cross-examination Attorney Knight
asked him if ehe had stated for what
purpose U was to be used and the wit
tiess "Yes."- Without going
further into the matter. Knight -sped
to another question, but on redirect
examination the District Attorney en
deavored to bring out the conversation
between the drug clerk and his cus
tomer.
DoFT'te the monotony of the. proceedr
ingfr. the usual crowd was. .in. attends
ar.ee and the number nf \yomen spec
tators was larger than on any previous
day. They came early and filled the
corridors an hour before the courtrcrdm
doors vere opened. Enlighiened by the
stampede cf th<? day before, the. police
compelled a!l who wished to enter the
courtroom to line up along the walls
and then admitted them 4 in Single file.
When all -thr seals !had. been occupied
ar.d the aljottrd standing-room space
had been* filled {oils capacity the'others
eeek:i:p admission were turned away. \
A: »-Ae tlm^ during the" morning ses
sion Mrs. Hotkin^g^ve evidences cf
breakins .down. Frank S. Grey, the
pharmacist who claims to have sold
h*r srseric on June 1. 18??. was recalled
and asked for a more definite identi
fication than he gave or. the previous
day. He. was extremely delibg*«ite in
his manner and looked closely at the
defendant for two cr three minutes,
whScn'nrust have seemed ho-urs to her.
Under ihe scrutiny her breath came
in short gasps and ' her shoulders
Uvitched and trembled- She seemed
to realize that on his/ answer might
depend her life. She tried bravely to
return his gaze, but eyerj' now and
then hVr eyes would fall and a spasm
of 5i»ivering would seize her.
DRAMATIC SCENE.
Outside of a couple of verbal pas
sages between counsel and a sentimen
tal declaration by Attorney Knight for
the defense that the late Chief of Po
lice I. W. Lees had deliberately pois
oned candy and FUbmitted it to a chem
ist for the purpose of convicting Cor
delia Botkin of the murder of Mrs.
John P. Dunning the hearing of the
famous poisoning case dragged wearily
yesterday for the most part. Mrs. Bot
kin !S accused of having sent from this
city a box of poisoned chocolates to
Mrp. Dunning at Dover. Del., and the
latter and Iwr sister. Mrs. Jcshua D.
Deane. died from partaking of the
candy. — '
FLAGS AT -HALF-MAST
Citizens * of All; Professions
arid Business Pursuits at
Bier of Late Adam Grant
Asks Questions of
a Sensational
Nature.
OF A MERCHANT
ATTORNEY KNIGHT MAKES AN ATTACK
ON THE LATE CHIEF OF POLICE LEES
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. MARCH 24.. 1904.
16
ADArEKTISEMENTS.
Complete External
and Internal
Treatment
Consisting of warm baths with
to cleanse the skin of crusts
and scales, and' soften the
thickened cuticle, gentle ap-
plications? of ICUTICUR A
OINTMENT: to instantly
allay ! itching, , irritation, and
inflammation; and soothe and
i heal, and mild doses of CUTT-
GURA PILLS to^cobl and
cleanse the blobd; A SINGLE
SET, edstirig; but ONE
E)OLL AR, is oftensufficient
to cure the 1 nipst torturing,
disfiguring .skin, ; scalp, . and
blood ' humors, eczemas,
rashes, -itchings," and irrita-
tions, wim'Idssofhair,;frbm
infancy to age, when 'all else
fails.
. 8oW threoghont the World. CoHcun Stnlmt We.
/in form of ChocoUte Cottr-J Plllj, 2S*. per tUI of 60),
Ointment, 40c, Sot{>, 85c. Drpott: London, iJ Chuter-
hou it S^. ; P»ri«, 3 Roe d« It Ptlx « Boiton, 1ST Columbu*
•At*. Potter Dntt Chem. Ora., So!e 1'rocrietoii.
W, Scad for t Cu:Uu:« S» ia Book." , . - •,
-¦f : HAIiE r S- I TLAZjETS.
\ But one of a kind~in all this
Lot Walking Skirts
We'll sell to-day *i under worth
When this Chicago maker sent us his samples before (two
years ago) they went in a day. There were more then than
now. We tell you this so you will come early if you can.
8s skirts in all. Smart, sturdy, dressy, spring styles. They have that
indescribable air of stylishness women will go a long way to get and pay
well for. Come to Hale's to-day and pay a fourth less than you would
if this was regular stock bought in a regular way.
Here are cheviots in black and blu*. finished with silk bands. L*."^.*.
Mannish mixtures in gray and brown and those invisible plaids andenecis
and different dotted effects, trimmed with pointed straps of seir ma-
terial, box pleats and buttons. Swell.
Every* one different. But their beauty lies in the way they fit, what
they are made of, how they are made. 'You can see in the store to-day.
We know you won't wait. Prices $5.00, $6.50, $7.00, $8.75 and $10.00.
150 Curtain Ends Another banner day
• At 40c, 50c and 65c In Millinery
They're" 1 % yards long. Yesterday at times it seemed as
' Lace curtain ends, in Irish point, though even the extra preparations
Battenbcrg and some Brussels net. we have made would prove inade-
They're samples, long enough for quate.
little windows. Maybe for a door Lots of women who used to wait
window. Ju?t 150 of them. They for after-Easter reductions have
won't last long to-day. found they can buy better and pret-
-, tier hats at Hale's now for less
than if they waited.
New Voiles 50c Yard To . day more $3 . 3O hats .
All Wool 38 in. wide. Get first showing. (Aren't w« glad
t <«•>,«• oi—i- *i,« ..„.„.. .„•.«„,«. we planned for so many?) They're the
Light air> the *a™rlte »P rl n« big surprise of the millinery season.
dress stuff.. Every color, black and other milliners can't understand how
creanf included. 50c yard. we do it. Think of it. hats of lace.
Some new tweed suitings. 50 Inches maline and chiffon, in all the newest
wide. $1 00 and Jl 25 yard. shapes and beautifully trimmed, at
1 ' r J 53 50. Think of the hats you would
: pay $6 00 for elsewhere and you will
have an idea of what they are. Sec
Big Eastern firm retires from them in the window or come upstairs
u ,•-. a 1 * * I,-. J R nd look at them, and all the other
business and let us na\e new hats _ out for the flrst time, from
t t /-«-«-> VrtvJe * 4 " 5 to * 18 0<> - So much that's new.
II,OOO I aras Everything plainly marked. We- like
4»li, ir\- n:LL« M to have you look around.
-111. OUC KIDDOn. To-day will be of rare interest to
T* . _.ti children. Their Easter hata are out
10 5C '» in full force, prettier, more of them
Af I c,, V'irfl than you have seen before.
/\L IOC IdrU. We nave detailed certain milliners
It's a beautiful. 4-inch. . changeable to make them who seem to be in closer
satin taffeta ribbon. A splendid rib- touch with the children,
u •*•>/» •••»„. *v.~ „.„!, __ „„..>.• i-» See vrhat it means for betterness
bon at 30c, for the neck or sash, loc for , rl , sh lndlvIduallty to-day, aecond
to-day on a bargain table. floor>
HER LADYSHIP goq**^^* glove In fit, in
"Queen of Corssts." . / ~~~"Z'~ " , T ~.- . ¦¦'* *tyk» "» comfort.
1 Market Street, Near Sixth.
ADVZBTISE2CENTS.
t.'orrectly mad" by PwfeS^SrPI* I
'hat's nui- busi- ffejs*^^| Cx£
nffif. W*> make K'^^jJ'i fSS
thpm. Our propo- ' P : &£i3 r v*d Mfc
sition to you is to kBj^&iSQr5jS2 Ti
ord^r a suit madr>. E^3^«l^^ 1
to your moasurV*, XgLjfcaJr$£*i^Q
One Dollar W&\
suit while w^arinp ]&} \m
veriient for you. « \Tn.
.i^nd we're as well T Kf
satisfied. "
A. B. SMITH CO.
128132 ELLIS ST., .
Abovs Powell St..
Ban rrsadseo, Cal.
I'" 'ii'i' " "~~^
Always .Remember tbe Fall JNyne
y axattve firomo
Cures a Cold in One D*y. Grrp ra 2 Days
0* Jt?j£farV*n** box. 25c
A GOOD SALARY
Will be paid by a etrong- financial Institution
.to a rood organizer of branches throughout
. th* - f-tatc; -bond required; experience
Afldrecc box 4005. Call office.
39 STOCKTON STREET.
Telephone Main 6522.
Th* following l!st 1» prepared with a
Treat deal of care for the #c3nomical
housewife, as she will find many oppor-
tunities for savins this week.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY ANQ SATURDAY
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER, par sqrare. . 37 y 2 c
Excellent quality, good slz* squares.
UtK. 40c.
KONA COFFEE, rcast or ground. 15.. 20c
This coffee is fast becoming a great fa-
vorite. Rear. 25c.
NAVEL ORANGES, per dozen 25c
The be*t oranges grown. Res;. SOc.
Eastern Sugar-Cored Bacon, per Ib 1654c
Market la advancing. * Place your order.
Res. 20c.
NORWEGIAN MACKEREL 10c each
Nice white fish. Reg. 12V.C.
LEMCIHE SARDINES—
Large tins. 2Oc; re*. 23c.
Small tins, lS^c; reg. 15c.
The well-known Monk, brand.
C1HNE0 SALMON Per ««• 10 «'
Blood red. Reg. 15c and S1.5O.
French California Peas : . . j^S^^fS:
Code-Portwood's Pettts Pols.
BASKET-FIRED JAPAN TEA, pir'lb "Vse
Excellent value. Reg. bOc
OUESELOORFER WIEH SE8F. per jar*. .20c
Imported German Mustard. Reg 25--
LIMA BEANS, 6 lbs for 25c
Reg. 4 for 25c.
Barbes Bourbon npr k fl t 7;« ~i »<i
Pln« Old Bye. .P 8r D01 /3C » 8 21 * J
Well aged Whiskies. Reg. $1 and 14.
French and Italian Vermouth, per hot 55c
Genuine Imported. Re'g. 65c.
PORT AND SHERRY., par hot 25c, gal$ 1
Fine flavored wines. Reg. 33c and $1.50.
Vartray Ginger Ala and Sarsaparilla, per
dozen .1.00
A treat for non-drinkers. Reg. Jliv
|l| Chocolates %
I Given Away Free
O With
I Teas, Coffees, Spices I
I Baking Powder j
I It Pays to
I Trade at
I Great Americas Importing Tea Co's
!] Stores
M JSlMartet 210 Grant av. U13 PolV ,
a 140 Sixth 181» Derlemdero 70S Larkin T
¦ 475 Haisht SOOS Sixteenth 865 Ilayea f
g 3225 Mission £21 Monte "y ave. 52 Market '¦
H 2008 FUlmar* 2516 Mission 146 Ninth r
\ Sg« Third 2732 *4th 4© Foarth F
Richly nurtured. U £ L ¦".
C solely for beef extract, and 2.000
M "head" per day required to fill the
: /M:- little white Jars found in the hands
f of Good Cooks throughout
V^^^^E tho world. Thatlstha
Liebig Company's
I Extract of Beef