PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, ' WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1904.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 121.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 29.— The Emperor has received a dispatch from General Kuropatkin, giving a
lengthy report from General Mischtchenko, dated at 10 p. m,, March 28, which says that an important engagement
took place at the town of Chongju, the Russians -retiring in perfect order after a combat lasting an hGur and a
half. The Japanese suffered heavily. The Russian loss wasj three off iceis wounded and three men killed and twelve
wounded. Cavalry and infantry on both sides Were engaged. The Russians occupied a commanding position on a
hill, the Japanese being in the town. The Japanese fought, gallantly, but owing to their heavy losses were unable
to occupy the position abandoned by the Russians. ¦
RUSSIAN AND JAPANESE CAVALRY AND INFANTRY FIGHT A BATTLE IN KOREA;
CZAR'S SOLDIERS RETIRE, LEAVING BROWN MEN IN POSSESSION OF THE FIELD
War News Continued on Page A.
; PARIS; 'March 29.— According to the
Ixmdorr correspondent of the Matin, a
I dispatch" was , received from Berlin • dur
.jngi^heinight corning from a high:quar
ter,,which says that alarming news has
beenlreeeived -concerning the health of
Emperor 'William, owing • to *a recru-*
desce nee. of /the -threatened trouble •'for.
/which* theVEmperoT was 'operated :on
last year, j
Alarming. Rumors Are to Effect .That
. . Caiit-er is Re
. turning. .
KAISER'S HEALTH AGAIN.; _v
; .'"¦ " REPORTED .TO BE FAILING
ST. PETERSBURG, March 29.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin. in his first report to
the Emx>eror from the scene of war,
announced that offensive land opera
tions had taken place against the Jap
anese upon the sixth anniversary of the
occupation of Port Arthur by the Rus
sians. These operations took the form
of & cavalry attack yesterday by six
companies of Cossacks, led possibly by
General Mischtchenko against four
squadrons of Japanese cavalry which
the general believed to be beyond
Chongju. but which he found to be in
occupation of that town. Despite a
cross flre which General Mischtchenko
cleverly directed asainst the enemy, he
pays a tribute to the tenacity and
bravery of the Japanese, who ceased
fire only after a combat which lasted
for a half hour. Before the Russians
could follow up their advantage three
Japanese squadrons galloped toward
the town, which two of them succeeded
in entering, while the third was driven
back in disorder, men and horses fall
ing. The fire maintained upon the
town was so destructive that the Jap
anese were unable to make effective
return.
Further Japanese reinforcements ar
rived an hour later and, in, view of the
superiority of the enemy. General
Mischtchenko determined to retire,
doing so without 'embarrassment, al-
though he carried with him three killed
and fifteen wounded. «.•
General. Mischtchenko's Cossacks
have been endeavoring for some days
to come into contact with the Japanese
patrols, but the latter refused to com
bat. The. skirmish of to-day will have
the effect of encouraging the Russians
to retard as much as possible the.ad
vance of the Japanese army. • :
General Kuropatkin's dispatch re
porting . General Mischtchenko's opera
tions, as published, does not give the
place of its origin, but it is presumed
that the commander In chief is either.'at
Liaoyang or eh route to Newchwahg." ¦
NEW YORK. March 29. — David H.
Miller, one of the "two receivers for
the suspended cotton firm of Daniel
J. Sully & Co.. said to-day that the
receivers had applied to the United
States courts for an order for the ex
amination of Edwin Hawley and
Frank ,-Ray, - the \ alleged partners of
Sully in. the big cotton deal, which re
rulted 1 in the suspension of the firm.
The object of this examination will be
to find out' more about Sully's a-M-ta,
Receivers Order an Examination of
Two Alleged Partners of Cotton
Plunder.
SEEKING INFORMATION-
ABOUT SULL\"S ASSETS
Japanese HpldTheir Position for Thirty Minutes in the
• Face of a Murderous Cross Fire.
RUSSIAN COMMANDER PAYS TRIBUTE
TO BRAVERY OF CHONGJU'S DEFENDERS
primaries to-day Insured the election of
Parker/ delegates as follows:
Albany 12,' Rensselaer 9, . Kings 57,
Onohdaga 12, Monroe 12, Erie 24, Niag
ara 6, Cayuga\ 6. This will add 133 del
egates', to those already chosen, giving
him, 228, which is more than a majority
of 1 the convention. . * • ,
I -' In addition, primaries or conventions
are yet to be held in counties where the
Parker men . are confident of gaining
jseventy-two more delegates, which will
Tgive'hirnVa tptal'of at least 300 of '450
deiegates.in the convention. -This cal
culatiq'n leaves the opposition with only
140 and odd 'delegates at most. 'As. the'
unit "rule 'will be applied to the national
convention, . the minority will have no
"voice. at St. ;:. Louis. ' .
ALBANY. March 29.— The, indorse
ment of Judge Parker as "New York's
candidate for the. Democratic Presiden
tial nomination is assured by thej pri
maries held in. .the most important
counties of the State to-day. There will,
be an overwhelming majority ~ in the
Democratic State Convention . to: pre-.
sent Judge Parker's name; and,; to ; use
every effort to place him at -the head
of the national ticket.
Air the expectations of Judge; Par
ker's friends have f been more than' reaU
ized. David B. Hill, surrounded by. the
Democratic, leaders (from various parts
of the State, remained in, his office until
after midnight, "-receiving reports of the
results Of : the ' primaries - and county,
conventions. ' '• ; ' ¦ * _ ¦
There was rejoicing over (he news of
the complete [defeat of the anti-Parker
faction In 1 Buffalo. '".The", 'Parker; men
swept Erie County,"' carrying all three
Senatorial , districts. .This 'will * make
John W; Fisher^the Democratic leader
in Erie, in 'place- of Mr. ; Conners, -who
sided wUh; Charles -Murphy, leader*' of
Tammany.' V . : ' y . * : . " ; .~; V.- v :
The conventions Jield in Madison and
Chenango Aunties and ;two ! districts [of
Oswego to-day added twelve more dele-^
gates to the Parkef,c6lumri,"givlng him
a total * ! .df j j ninety"; instructed '.delegates
out of 450 in the State convention! 'The
- V .. \YhiIe differing some in detail, it is possible that the foregoing is another version of the en
gagement at Chongju, which has already been reported from Russian sources. The name of the
plate. Tyonjyn," is not given on any maps that are available.
' Negotiations between Mrs. Oelrichs
and representatives of the Sharon es
tate have reached a point that war
rants the announcement that the Pal
ace Hotel management has secured
the new, Fairmont Hotel on the crest
of Nob HllL It Is calculated that the
Fairmont will be ready for the recep
tion of guests in June, 1905.
The manager of the Palace, Colonel
J. C. Klrkpatrlck; is fully determined
to hold the prestige In the hotel field
of the Pacific Coast which was gained
twenty-five years ago and has ever
since been maintained by the Palace.
It is understood that the lease agreed
upon, by Mrs. Oelrichs. and the repre
sentatives of the . Sharon estate covers
a; period of twenty years. When the
initial overtures for the Fairmont were
made in behalf of , the Palace Mrs.
Oelrichs* representative' named . a fig
ure so high that Colonel Klrkpatrick
could not recommend . Its acceptance.
Subsequent events. have made It clear
that the hotel business in San
cisco, ' which has been reasonably
profitable In the past, will be im
mensely, important and remunerative
in the, future. The immediate success
of the; St. _ Francis ; is accepted as one
object . lesson. The '. story „ is current
that Manager Pollok and his asso
ciates hadsome notlon'of reaching out
/or control " of the Fairmont. The high
figure named by Mrs. Oelrichs caused
a suspension of negotiations, . how
ever.
At the time Mrs. Oelrichs placed th*
mortgage with the Hlbernla feank on
real estate in this city to raise J45O.00O.
the amount required for the comple
tion of the hotel enterprise, ahe had
entered into a provisional" contract
or arrangement with Baumgarten of
New York for the furnishing of the
hotel. Afew days ago Baumgarten re
ceived-advices from New York" that
the pjans made with him for the equip
ment of the house had been canceled,
and that the decorations and furniture
would be supplied by the Palace Ho
tel management!
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Representatives of Sharon Estate Resolve
to Hold Supremacy.
Jurist Is Overwhelmingly^ Selected for
the Presidential Race.
PARKER THE VICTOR
IN NEW YORK STATE
PALACE HOTEL WINS
THE FAIRMONT LEASE
*| COSSACK .PATROL TAKING fTO/HARBIN ; CHINESE CAPTURED \\TklIiE ATTEMPTING TO DESTROY* A BRIDGE OVER THE PUNGARI. I
,* .TOKIO a March 29. — A mixed force of Japanese cavalry and infantry attacked and dispersed
a force of Russians at .Tyonjyn, near Pingyang, last Sunday morning. The Russians had erected
a temporary fortress, which was defended by a force of Cossack cavalry, estimated in number
'The Japanese attacked in considerable force. The Russians offered a strong resistance at
first, but finally fell back, abandoning their position. The Japanese sustained a loss of one officer
and-onje sergeant killed and two officers and ten privates wounded. The Russians are reported to
have left three'desrd behind, but to have succeeded in carrying oft a number of wounded. The Jap
anese. for*:e entered the town, cheering for the Emperor.
" 'An hour and a half after the beginning of the engagement four companies were seen on the
Kasan road hastening to attack. I gave the order to mount, and the entire . force, with a covering
squadron, advanced in perfect order and formed in line behind the hill. The wounded were placed
in front, and the retirement was carried out with the deliberation of a parade.
" 'The Japanese squadron, which was thrown into disorder, was evidently unable to occupy
the hill which we had just evacuated, and their infantry arrived too late.
'* 'The detachment protecting our rear arrived quietly at Kasan. where we halted for two
hours in order to give attention to our wounded. At 4 p. m. our force reached Noosan.
; . " 'It is supposed the Japanese had heavy losses in men and horses. On our side three officers
were severely wounded. Three Cossacks t were killed and twelve wounded, including five seriously.'
"General Mischtchenko bears witness to the excellent conduct and gallantry of the officers and
Cossacks, and especially praises the Third Company of the Argunsk Regiment."
Japanese Say Russians Abandoned Dead.
" *In the town a company of infantry and a squadron of cavalry were lying" in ambush. Our %.
men v/ere reinforced by three companies and attacked the Japanese with a cross fire. Notwithstand-";
ing this and our commanding:, position, the Japanese-gallantly held^hcfr ground* and- it -was-only after*\
a fierce fight o£ a half-hour's duration that the Japanese ceased firing and sought "refuge, /in the
houses. The Japanese hoisted the Red Cross flag at two _ points.
"'Soon afterward three squadrons of the enemy were seen advancing along the Kasan road
at full gallop toward the town, which two of the squadrons succeeded in entering, while the third
fell back in disorder under repeated volleys from our troops. A number of men and horses were seen
" 'For an hour afterward our companies continued to fire on the Tapanese in the town, pre
venting them from leaving the houses.
Russians Retire With Deliberation.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 29. — General Kuropatkin's report after the engagement at
Chon^jti is as follows:
"I have the honor to respectfully communicate to your Majesty the report of General
Mischtchenko. dated March 28 at 10 p. m.. which says:
" 'For three successive days our small outposts attempted to draw the Japanese cavalry into
action, but their patrols, after contact was established, retired beyond Chongju (about fifty miles
northwest of Pingyang). "**¦
" 'Having learned that four squadrons of the enemy were posted five versts beyond Chongju
on :March 27, six companies marched toward Kasan, and on March 28 reached Chongju at 10 :$o
a. m. As soon as our scouts approached the town the enemy opened fire 'from behind the wall.
Two squadrons promptly dismounted and occupied the heights, 600 yards djstant. An engagement
Japanese Gallantly Hold Their Ground:
Cossack Attack Upon Chongju Repulsed, Muscovite
Force Retreating When Reinforcements for
the Enemy Are Sighted.
Alcaxar— "ParsiTal."
Cftllf ornia— "Scacnolrccy."
Central— "The Hustler."
Colnm'bla — "Harriet's Koney
r moon." .
Chnt ea — "V»nd avllle.
Fischer's— "Kismet."
Grand— "Hrida Oabler."
Orpheum— Vaudeville. Mitiaes
to-day.
Tivoli — "Mr. Pickwick."
TH23 ' TKEATEIIS,
Torecast mad* at San Fran
cisco lor 30 hoar* eadinjr *aid
jiig-ht, March 30, 1904:
San Praacisoo maA TteJalty—
Clearing slowly W«l»e«d»yi
fresh westerly wlads.
. "A. O. ICoAZSXE,
District 7or«easter.
TSE-WEATSIS..
THE San Francisco CALLIt is a sad commentary, on America
that Just at the time when here in
New York women . (and men) are at
tending demonstrations of how to
crowd a 300-pound woman into a
straight and narrow front corset, a
society . should be organizing in Eng
land known as 'the "Anti-Corset
League." This organization, we are
told, is composed of "about sixty ladies
and many more gentlemen, all in the
flush.jOf youth." The young women
have 'pledged themselves not to wear
corsets, and the men never— if they are
the last women on earth— to .marry
"corset. wrecks." But, after all, what a
fortunate thing it is that.it takes all
sorts Qf people to make up this merry
world.— New York Commercial-Adver
tiser. - ¦ >. -
The Anti-Corset League.
The great lives have all loved some
thing greater than life.
Yosemite Valley - Opens.
The Raymond-Wawona route 'to:Yosemite
ppsitively opens April 1. • Make', arrangements
now for sleeping-car accommodations, stage
seats, etc., at office of the Southern Pacific,
£13 Market street. •
Woman Who Claims an Estate and
Her Attorney Released From .' ¦¦
Seattle Jail.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 29. — By
long-distance telephone : .from San
Francisco to-day Judge Gilbert grant
ed a writ of habeas corpus for Marie
Carrau, who claims the- famous Sul
livan estate, and her attorney, ; W.
Robinson. The woman and, the attor
ney were imprisoned for contempt of
court in starting a suit in a State court
over an injunction in a Federal court.
HABEAS CORPUS- WRIT
. GRANTED BY TELEPHONE
AMENDMENTS. PROPOSED ,;
". TO BENEFIT THE STATE
Senators Perkins and Bard Make
Efforts to Sceurc a Number of
V Appropriations.
WASHINGTON, March 29.— Senator
Perkins has proposed amendments to
the sundry civil bill covering a num
ber of appropriations for which he
has bills pending, but .about the fate
of which he 'has" doubts. The amend
ments and the sums of money called
for follow :
Lighthouse at '» Cape Mendocino,
$55,000; station on; coast for experi
menting with fish culture, $25,000;
tog signal, Humboldt Bay, $15,000;
life-saving station, Halfmoon Bay;
immigrant station, $200,000; log sig
nal, Angel Island, $12,000; delivering
light built on the Atlantic, to
their stations on Pacific -Coast; life
saving station at Nome; construction
of a steam vessel," -first class, revenue
cutter service, $225,000 ;¦;. quarantine
station at ? San Diego, '• $200,000; •im
provement of grounds at the Presidio/
$50,000. . :V
Senator Bard has also offered an
amendment to the sundry civil appro
priations '( for the purchase. ; of : the Se
quoia Grove of Big Trees for $200,000.
Chinese Justice.
Letters reaching Paris from Hanoe
describe the Chinese border province of
Kwangsi as a perfect cauldron of re
bellion and throw a strong light on
Chinese justice. Marshal Su, the com
mander In chief of the province, had
been pronounced guilty of incapacity,
for which the penalty is the moat ter
rible even in the Chinese code — slow
death. This awful punishment is drawn
out during from three to eight days,
and begins with the removing of the
hails from fingers and toes, then the
loosening of the muscles from arms
and legs. Thence the torture proceeded
to the trunk and upward to the head,
eyelashes, eyelids and finally the eyes
being torn out. Su was placed in a
cell full of lugubrious reminders, but
procured better quarters by a bribe of
7000 taels, and finally secured pardon
by disgorging the official plunder of a
lifetime.— London Globe.
Desperado Kills a Faro Player and
TWO MEN ARE SHOT
TO DEATH IN NEVADA
Is Himself Slain by Deputy
Sheriff.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 29.—
Meager details have been received
here of a double tragedy at Search
light, Nevada, in which a desperado
named William Randolph shot and
killed a faro player in Perkins &
Shannon's saloon. The shooting at
tracted the attention of Deputy Sheriff
W. L. Colton, formerly of this -city,
and Colton, who rushed into the sa
loon, was met with two shots fired at
him by Randolph. Colton ' returned
the fire, fatally wounding Randolph,
who died a short time later. The af
fair took place Thursday evening.
as he had promised to do they thought
their measures for self-protection none
too drastic. Whether Bellstedt col
lected any more money for the sale of
goods that he had not paid for is not
known at this time.
The police to-day will investigate the
entire workings of the Bellstedt firm
and the dealings of Charles Bellstedt.
Laumeister alleges that he has ascer
tained that the Bellstedts have no
storehouses.
PROTECTION FOR INDIANS.
Congressman Curtis Speaks of Provi-
sions in the Statehood Measure.
WASHINGTON, March 29.— Several
features of the new Statehood bill
were discussed before the House Com
mittee" on Territories to-day by Repre
sentative Curtis of Kansas: Curtts
urged that the constitutions of the new
States be. required to contain ample
provision for the protection of the In
dians in their treaty rights with the
United States. Some features of the
bill which have. not heretofore been
made public are that the State to be
known as Oklahoma shall be entitled
to five Representatives in the House of
Representatives. The State of Arizona
is to have two Representatives. The
capital of Oklahdma is to be Guthrie
and that of Arizona Santa Fe.
The bill appropriates S100, 000 to
defray the expenses of the Constitu
tional Convention for Arizona and
$75,000 for the same purpose for Okla
homa.. Four sections in each, town
ship in Arizona are set apart as school
lands. ._
The full sub-committees of Terri
tories will met to consider the bill
Thursday. . •
New Governor for Guam.
WASHINGTON, March 29. — Com
mander George L. Dyer, commanding
the cruiser Albany of the Asiatic fleet,
has been assigned to duty as Naval
Governor of the island of Guam to
fill the vacancy caused by the death
of William E. Sewell.
Faculty Honors Dr. McLean.
Dr. J. K. McLean, president of the
Congregational Theological Seminary
of Berkeley,' was the guest of the
members of the faculty of that insti
tution and a number of his friends at
a dinner at the Palace Hotel last
evening, given in celebration of his
seventieth birthday. During the even
ing Dr. McLean was presented with a
magnificent leather covered chair, a
token of esteem from those with
whom he has been associated In the
theological seminary across the bay
for many years.
Boers for the World's Fair.
WASHINGTON, March 29. — The
steamer Mound Castle, from Cape
Town, should arrive at Newport News,
Va., on April 5 with the South African
Boer war ! exhibit, en route to the
World's Fair at St. Louis. There are
about 450 Boer veterans in the party
who were with Cron je at Splon Kop.
General Viijoen, Vice President of the
Boer republic, is in immediate com
mand. General Cronje awaits the
party at' St. Louis.
ITALIAN FISHER3IEN SAVE
TWO BOYS FROM. DROWNING
Virjrinio and John Suacci Fall Into
Pool on Sansome Street With
Nearly Fatal Results.
While at play Monday morning in a
lot adjoining the quarries of Gray
Rros. at the foot of Sansome street,
two Italian boys, Virginio and John
Suacci, respectively 11 and 13 years
of age, fell into a pool of water about
ten feet deep and 100 feet wide.
The two boys had a narrow escape
from death, both being- nearly drown
ed when two Italian . fishermen, Car
melo' Saia and Car.melo * Intravnia,"
came to the fescue and throwing
themselves daringly into the water
succeeded in saving -^he youngsters,
already senseless.
Dr. de Lucis was promptly sum
moned' and in a short while pronounc
ed the two boys out of danger.
Residents of the neighborhood are
very indignant over the carelessness of
Gray Bros, in allowing such a danger
ous pool to remain without fences or
repairs within easy reach of children
who usually play in the lot. They
complain also that such a pool of
dirty and infected- water endangers
the health of the residents of the
neighborhood.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Many Patents.
Federal Authorities Issue Orders
Concerning Postoffices and Grunt
WASHINGTON, March 29.— Changes
in fourth class postmasters— California
— Indian Gulch, Mariposa County, Nick
Solaria, vice Thomas J. Chichizola, re
signed.
The Postoffice Department accepts
the proposition of the Bank of Escon
dido for a lease of the premises for the
postofflce at Escondido.
Ralph S. Sargent of Berkeley is ap
pointed engineer to aid in the Geologi
cal Survey Service. \
Patents issued: California— Jesse
Alexander, assignor one-half to A.
Letts, Los Angeles, typewriter . line
spacing mechanism; Enoch W. Barker,
Oakland, educational device; Edgar J.
Bryan, assignor one-half to A. W. Mil
ler, Riverside, hand truck; Edgar
H. Cheevar, Oceanside, adjustable har
row; Frank w. Cherry and H. F.
Radke, San Francisco, electric time
switch; James L. Davidson, Los An
geles, pocket sewing awl; Herman
Faschian, assignor one-half to P. Rop
pen, San Francisco, folding and cabinet
bed; Charles W. Foust, Los Angeles,
clapboard marking gauge; George R.
Hannay and J. C. Rodehaver, San
Francisco, string cutter; William G.
Horton, assignor to B. KIrkwood, San
Francisco, fire escape; August Johnson,
San Francisco, oil burner; Timothy
Mahoney, San Francisco, electric rail
way system; Noble S. McKinsey and
A. R. Nelson, Susanville, telephone
selective .system; Thomas O'Shaugh
nessey, San Jose, two latch and wrench
attachment; Earl H. Richardson and
F. J. Kimball, Los Angeles, fruit clean
er and grader; Max L. Schleuter, Oak
land, power transmitting apparatus;
Leslie W. Simpson, Betteravla, wire
twister and splicer; Joseph Smith, San
Francisco, treating ores; Henry Sy
monds, assignor to A. N. Kistler, Los
Angeles, acetylene gas burner.
MANILA REPUBLICANS
AND DEMOCRATS ACTIVE
National Delegates From the Orient
Will Urge Legislation for the
Philippines.
MANILA. March 29. — The Repub
licans and Democrats here are organ
izing to elect delegates to the national
conventions. They will urge the adop
tion of legislation favorable to the
Philippine Islands.
WASHINGTON. March 29. — No pro
vision has been made by either the
Republican or Democratic conventiona
to seat delegates from the -Philippine
Islands. In the calls for the conven
tions issued by Chairman Hanna and
Chairman Jones neither the Philip
pines nor Porto Rico is included
among the States and Territories en
titled to 1 representation. However,
should delegates from these islands,
present themselves to the conventions,
it is within the province of the com
mittee -on credentials to seat them.
WASHINGTON, March 29. — After
two days' consideration of the post
office" appropriation bill the Senate
committee reported it to-night 'and it
will be tai£en up in the Senate to
morrow. / On account of its incom
plete the exact amount of in
crease made cannot be given, though
it is said the bill will carry over
$1,000,000 more than the bill passed
by the House. The House bill pro
vides for the rental of the Pennsyl
vania Railroad site in New York City
for postomce purposes, but the Senate
committee decided that it would be
better business policy to buy the
site. Therefore an appropriation of
$2,000,000 is made for that purpose.
Among the important amendments
to the bill are the following:
The salaries of rural free delivery
carriers are fixed at $720 a year, and
the carriers are permitted to carry
merchandise for hire and receive sub
scriptions for and deliver newspapers
and periodicals so long as this occupa
tion does not interfere with the proper
discharge of their duties. It is stipu
lated, however, that the carriers shall
not discriminate against any news
paper.
The committee adopted an amend
ment for the purchase or rental of
canceling machines.
Provision for the ' payment of the
Oceanic Steamship Company at a rate
of $1 per mile for carrying of mail
between San Francisco and Tahiti was
restored to the bill. This provision
has been in the Senate provisions for a
number of years, but was eliminated
by the House at this session on the
ground that it was in .the nature of a
subsidy.
The Senate committee has restricted
the payment to $45,000 annually.
Charles Bellstedt of the firm of Bell-
Btedt Bros.* Company, doing a hay and
grain commission business at 320 Davis
street, was arrested last night for the
Blleped embezzlement of $12,000 from
several of the largest grain firms of the
city. Tip accused man willbe charged
tvith felony, embezzlement this morn-
Ing. . '
The complaining witnesses are C. S.
Laumtister and W. T. Sesnon of the
American -Milling 'Company,, at Bat
tery and Cnkm streets, who represent
five large wholesale hay and grain
iirms. • •¦: ' . ' . •- •
; Laumeisier and Seshon made their
"complain r& last night to Captain of De
tectives Martin. He advised' the issu
ance pt ii warra'nt charging felony em
bezzlements Bond' an.d Warrant Clerk
Kennedy refused to issue the warrant
and rpf erred the complainants to a
Police' or, Superior Jud^re. Laumeister
6nd Sem.on say they will go before
¦"cne. of ¦ the magistrates this • morning
and get'. <»'ut the warrant.
'. BeilSte'dt- is alleged to have secured
}12/»00 worth" of hay and grain on seven
day?' credjt and disposed of it with
out paying' those from whom he bought.
Of this $5000 worth was purchased from
'the • American Milling Company. $2100
worth from A. pcrberding & "Co., who
ihaVe {ifiiees in the- Mutual Life build
£n£. and $110ft t worth from the firm of
Trobook & Bergen of ".07 Sansnme street
and the rest from Anspaejier Bros, .of
214 Pine street and Scott & Magner of
fJD Sixth .street. *
keix£ thi: produce:
The Hellstedt brothers allege that
they are a corpfiratiog, but Laumeis
t^r s;ij'£ <"harlf-s Bellstedt, the arrested
man, Is the whole 'firm. On Monday
of last week Charles went to the other
firms named and secured the goods
niontion^d. He promised payment on
Slarrh 2S. . When he ditj not show up,
laumeister and Pesnon became suspi
cious find began an investigation. They
claim to have ascertained that Bell-
Ftcdt sold fhe most of. the goods to the
Ilakah-iu Plantation Company, and the
Honolulu "Plantation Company, which
have ojlices in the Spreckels building.
On the day on whirh he agreed to pay
the different firms it is alleged Bell
stedt drew $3600 from tb.e Nevada Bank
as part payment for the hay and grain
he ' BoSd to the plantation companies.
He did not, as he .promised to do, go
to the lirms he owed "and attempt to
srttlo. Inquiry at his office elicited the
statement from his brother that he had
grone ta Kapa and would not return for
two or three days. All efforts to as
certain his whereabouts were unavail
ing. Laumeister and Sesnon were told
by. Purchasing Agent Brommer of the
Honolulu Plantation Company that he
had heard that Belistedt had left town.
CHARLES BELLSTEDT JAILED.
They immediately reported the mat
ter to Captain Martin. Detective Cody
was detailed to find Bellstedt and ar
rested him at his home. 23G0 Twenty
first street. Bellstedt's name was
placed 'on the detinue book pending the
Issuance of the warrant this morning
In an interview last night Charles
Bt'Hsteclt said: "I .went out of town
last Sunday in order to raise enough
money to pay my creditors, as I had
fallen down on collectionday to the ex
tent of 5G0&0. I went to Napa and suc
ceeded .in Retting the money, after
which I returned to this city, arriving
hore -only this afternoon! I fail to see
where 1 h£ve committed any crime, as
I ifcd not take the morjey away with
me. Irf fact, my brother Theodore col
lected the money here, not L"
When asked why he did not pay out
the amount collected before he went to
Napa, he said he wanted to hold it un
til he could get enough to pay all his
creditors. "I have enough money now
to pay 75 cents on the 'dollar to all my
creditors," he paid, "and if they treat
me right I will do it to-morrow, other
wise Jet the laA- take its course."
Theodore Bellstedt said last night
that the firm of Bellstedt Brothers
Company owes Charles $2000 in back
salary, and that Charles is Indebted to
men that backed the firm financially to
the extent-of $20,000. He .further claims
that one of the backer* had the place
of business attached yesterday. The
brothers claim that the firm is a cor
poration, bu% refuse to divulge the
names of any of the stockholders be
sides themselves.
It will be seen by Charles Bellstedt's
statement that he claims to have left
this city on Sunday, the day before col
lection day, to get the money needed,
yet he says that on collection day, Mon
day, he found they could -not collect
enough money to pay off the debts.
Laumeister said the creditors had
been warned that Bellstedt was not
all right after they had sold him the
goods and when he drew the money
Monday for the sale of some of the
goods and did not make the payments
CHICAGO, March 29.— "Waste no j
time or strength over trivial differences
concerning modes and methods. Enlist':
under the single banner of civic purity,
righteousness and obedience to law. !
Enlist not, for one campaign only, but 1
for the war." This was the remedy {
for the purification of vice offered by j
Justice David J. .Brewer of the United ;
States Supreme Court in an address
here to-night under the' auspices of the
Municipal Lecture Association. Jus
tice Brewer's theme was "Obedience to
Law the First Civic Duty," and his \
discourse was listened to with marked \
interest by an audience that filled the
Auditorium Theater. . '
Justice Brewer spoke as follows:
It .Is a truism that all should obey the law.
It is a part < of the Anglo-Saxon's political
creed, j Especially is this true wherever the
law is cot made for the citizen, but where the
citizen makes the law. If a number of men
unite in a partnership on equal terms, un
doubtedly the majority should control and the
minority submit to their Judgment or quit the
partnership. Ours is a' government of the peo
ple, by the people and for the people.
The underlying principle of republican In
stitutions is equality. Each man is entitled to
one vote and no more. One man'o vote is as
good and no better than another's. Never,
however, look upon it as property, something 1
for barter and sale. It should be to every true
American like the water of life, without
money and without price. This rule of equal
ity Is the basic principle of our political life,
however short we may come of realizing it.
The declaration of independence is still a living
and glowing truth and not a mere chromo of
dead thought or glittering generalities.
MAJORITY SHOULD RULE.
According to this, the majority determine
and make the law and the minority must obey
or go elsewhere. In our thought there is no
place for resistance to law or for revolution to
overthrow the decisions of the ballot. We do
not live in Panama, and we have no canals to
sell. This duty or" obedience to the law being
conceded, Jt being confessedly the principle
upon which republican government Is founded,
why etop to consider it in relation to munici
pal government? No one will seriously con
tend that there is an obligation to obey the
law of the State or nation, and none to obey
the ordinances of a city, 'iherefore. why dis
cuss that which all admit to be true?
Although confessedly true, there are, never
theless, some thoughts concerning it worthy of
special consideration, some things "which make
it fittlnc that the duty of obedience tn law in
a city should be pressed upon our attention.
The ordinances o* a city are its special laws.
Undoubtedly the laws of a State are enforced
within the limits of the municipality. Th«
criminal law of UM State is as potent within
as without the city limits. To kill a man In
side the city Is just a? much murder as to kill
him in the country. And speaking generally,
the laws of the State ai:d the nation operate
as fully within as without the limits of a
city. But in addition to tho»a laws are the
ordinances of the city enacted diy the city
authorities and operative only within the city.
There are thus more laws requiring obedience.
Further, the ordinances are laws of a special
character, and by reason thereof Justify, spe
cial attention.
CRIME IN CITIES.
And the first' thing which I wish- to suggest
is that there is more violation of law In a
city than elsewhere. There Is more crime in
a city than in the oountry.
There are many reasons for this. One ia
the city is the abiding place of - the criminal.
The opportunities , of escape and the means of
concealment are greater. Now, vice and
crime are business, and they go where prop
erty is and the multitudes are. There also
they find their friends and sympathizers. In
such localities and amid sucH surroundings
their business flourishes.
Another cause is the heterogeneousness of a
city's population. No one of our large cities
is filled with people of a single race. The
world has been' pouring' multitudes on our
shores from every race and clime and they
gravitate toward our large cities. Even in
staid old Boston there are more Irishmen than
Americans. Chicago is pre-eminent in this
respect. Not only is your foreign population
enormous, but it Is made up not from a single
race, but from many. To many of them gov
ernment is an enemy and law means tyranny.
Many find pleasures and practices they have
been accustomed ¦ to at home (and . which hav
ing been accustomed to they feel are among
their, inalienable rights) taken away altogether
or restricted by municipal laws and police
regulations. Is it strange that ' they fret at
such laws and regulations and disregard them
when possible?
I have thus epoken of some of the causes
of the greater violation In the. city than in the
country. Let me now turn your attention to
some of the results of such violation. And in
order to fully appreciate this we must con
sider why it Is that there are so many minute
police regulations In a city, so many th!r^»
forbidden by such regulations which the State
does. not deem necessary to forbid, when done
in the country.
' WHAT LIBERTY MEANS.
Contrast one living on his farm in the coun
try, half a mile from any neighbor, with one
living in the midst of a densely populated
city. - How many more things the former can
do without injury or annoyance to others.
And . the true idea of liberty is not doing
whatever one's judgment or wishes suggest,,
but the right of doli% those things, which j do
not Interfere with the welibelng and
of others. The rights of others .are the bound
aries of every man's liberty. 'The farmer's
wife may throw the \slops fronv.herjkitchen
on the ground; the farmer may jmt his. pig
pen in front 'of his .parlor.; \he may burn .soft
coal and let the black" smoke nourout of his
chimney; he may store gunpowder or nltro
glycerin or gasoline In his barn; he may drive
his horse ¦ or run an automobile as fa»t as
he pleases within the limits of his own farm;
he may let his hogs roam at will, within his
own enclosure if he is content to have buss
and bacteria about him; if he is willing to
risk' the chances of his life or limb, the law
permits it. But* place the same man in a
city v and he. must be restrained in these re
spects because otherwise he offends or en
dangers others. As you stand beneath the
awful shadow of the Iroquols disaster think
for a moment how much it would have meant
to ' this city if all . reasonable precautions
against fire had been prescribed by ordinance
and enforced by municipal officials. Vain ia it
to trust each individual to impose on himself
the needed restraints. ¦ Many are ignorant of
their, necessity; many < Indifferent to them.
Only : . the strong arm of municipal law can
secure protection to all against the ignorance
or Indifference of the individual.
CAPITAL A MODEL CITY.
Again, the strict enforcement of municipal
regulations - means much, not merely for the
physical safety and comfort, but also for the
moral health of the community. The thought
of stability In office of those -charged with the
duty of preserving the publ'c peace must be
Incorporated Into municipal life. There has
got to be impressed upon all dwellers In a city
a ' full consciousness of the i fact that there is
a power to punish, a power that endures and a
power that will never let up. * Believe me, there
is more In this consciousness of the stability
of power than has yet been recognized as an
element for preserving the peace, tn that sta
bility lies the secret of Washington's muni
cipal success, and that Pf-nse of stability will
be' secured in all our at ties only when a per
manent tenure of office and civil service re
form are established.' ' ¦ ¦ - '
, Undoubtedly that government Is th« best
which Interferes with -the free action of the
citizens no further than the protection of the
rights of other : citizens compels; For a city
council or- other governing body to pile up- a
multitude of needless restrictions, is always of
fensive, and when those* restrictions are petty
in character they are exceedingly .irritating.
Waste no time or strength~over trivial dif
ferences concerning modes and methods. , Kn
ljst under the single banner oj • civic purity,
righteousness and obedience to law. Enlist uot
for one campaign only, but for the war. . Just
so : soon ¦. as that ' fact - Is known and all come
to understand ¦- that your single and resolute
purpose is the maintenance of peace, obedience
to law;! that; that purpos* is : something not
taken up to-day to bq laid down to-morrow, but
the fixed abiding , purpose of., your , lives, you
may be- sure * that -/disorderly " elements will
yield. to that Durposa and you will not merely
lift your chosen city. to a high position In busi
ness" end wealth.' in education, science, art and
religion." but will also make It one where peace
and order prevail. , where vice hides Its head,
where Justice rules and the, universal voice of
the law bears no resisting reply..
, WASHINGTON, March 29.— The bill
authorizing the erection of an addition
al executive department • building In
Washington. to-day was again the.sub
ject of spirited debate in the Senate,
and after several hours debate it re
mains unacted upon. Senators divided
largely on the question of location, but
there also was talk as to the necessity
of better office accommodations for the
Senate and the Supreme Court.
Fairbanks said that the Government
is now paying an aggregate rental in
the District of Columbia of 5316I249. '-
Spooner contended that attention first
should be given to providing proper ac
commodations for Senators. The Sen
ate annex, or Maltby building, which is
occupied by Senators as an office build-,
ing, he termed a disgrace "to the
country."
Allison said that the proposed addi
£ion would make sixty-six rooms, and
in the past there had been unanimous
assurance that the House would sur
render some of the rooms in the south
end of the building, so as to give a
sufficient number of rooms for all Sen
ators. Replying to Newlands, he de
clined to express an opinion as to
whether there would be sufficient ac
commodations for Senators from the
new States. ' ,
"I think," he said, "that we might
take care of Senators from one or two
more States, but I should not want to
enter upon the question as to whether
we are to have two or four States, .or
as to .whether the outlying possessions
are to be admitted • to Statehood."
Teller thought the proposed depart
ment building would be none too large
for the Department of Commerce and
Labor alone,' saying that under the
law creating the department its scope
is limited t»nly by the appropriations
given it. In view of the probable de
mands of the future he suggested the
wisdom of a building commission to
have charge of the entire matter.
Teller declared the pension building
should be torn down because of its
character. He thought the Government
should buy all the property south of
Pennsylvania avenue west of the
Capitol and locate all future public
buildings on that ground.
After further debate the Senate re
jected the amendment of Gallinger fix
ing the . fees of architects at 2V& per
cent, and at 5:30 o'clock adjourned.
For the want of speakers, general de
bate on the sundry civil .appropriation
bill in the House to-day was closed sev
eral hours before the time agreed on
and the bill, was .read for amendment.
Seventy- five pages were disposed , of,
the only important amendment- adopted
'being one providing for 'an Initial ap
propriation of '$500,000 for the comple
tion of the Capitol building according
to the original design. .
Campbell of Kansas and Williams of
Mississippi were the principal speakers
to-day, the former defending-the pro
tective tariff policy of the Republican
party and the latter denouncing the
Republicans for failing to investigate
the Postofflce Department.
Williams said that the scandals In
that department will be an important
issue in the coming campaign. He ar
raigned President Roosevelt and At
torney General Knox regarding the
trusts.
NEW YORK, March 29.— The mem
bers of the Panama Canal Commission
sailed to-day for Colon on the steam
ship Allianca, They will inspect the
entire route of the canal and will look
over some' of the documents of the
Canal Company, preparatory to the de
livery of the property to the United
States Government. They probably will
remain at the isthmus about two
months. '
The commission consists of Rear Ad
miral John C. Walker, Major General
George W. Davis of the District of Co
lumbia, William Barclay Parsons and
William H. Burr, New York; Benjamin
M. Harrow, Louisiana; C. Ewald
Grunsky, California, and Colonel Frank
J. Hecker, Detroit.
The commissioners were accompanied
by Colonel William C. Georgas, assisf
ant surgeon general of the army; Dr.
Lewis La Garde of the medical depart
ment of the army, and Dr. John W.
Ross, medical director of the navy.
Roger Farnham, representing William
Nelson Cromwell, counsel for the Pan
ama Canal Company, also sailed on the
same vessel, i ¦"-/.>', • . .
The medical men who go with the
commission will make an inspection of
the canal route with particular respect
to the sanitary conditions and will plan
arrangements for the sanitation of the
canal zone.
"Our present plan," said Rear Ad
miral Walker, "is to go over the entire
route of the canal, , making an investi
gation of the work done, the improve
ments that are necessary and the ar
rangements that will have to be made
for proper sanitation of the district."
Special Correspondence of The' Call,
HONOLULU, March 23.— Governor-
Carter has called a special session of
the Legislature to deal with the finan
cial difficulties that confront the Terri
tory. He feels that a reduction of ex
penses amounting to almost $2,000,000
should not be left absolutely in his.
hands, but' that the representatives of
the people should take their share of
the responsibility. Before arriving at
this conclusion he consulted the busi
ness men.' bankerg, lawyers' and legis
lators. As a rule the commercial in
terests of Hawaii are opposed to a spe
cial session, fearing from previous ex
perience that the time would be wasted
and that" the Hawaiian legislators
would accomplish more harm than
good.
Governor Carter, however, has de
cided to take the native legislators into
his confidence, irrespective of party.
He has told them that the opportunity
now exists to show the United States
that they are capable of self-govern
ment and of handling difficult propo
sitions, with care and ability. He has
pointed out that the people on the
mainland will judge them by their
acts and that the future of this Terri
tory, as regards statehood, may un
doubtedly be largely influenced by
their present procedure. This was the
substance of what he plainly told them
at a legislative gathering on Monday
last.
The special session will meet on Tues
day, April 5, and it is not anticipated
with any great degree of pleasure by
the heads of departments, except the
Treasurer, who sees a possible way out
of his troubles. Both Republicans and
Home Rulers who attended the con
ftrence promised to stand by the Gov
ernor.
Wisconsin Member Charac
terizes the Annex* as a
"Disgrace to the Country"
Provision 3Iade for the Pay
ment of One Dollar Per
3Iile for Steamer Service
Buys Goods on Credit and
Fails to Pay the Bills When
He Disposes of Them
Board Will Make Thorough
Examination of Conditions
Along Proposed Waterway
Citizens of the Territory Ad
monished They Must Show
Self - Governing Capacity
Distinguished Speaker Talks
on High Ideals in Govern
ment to Chicago Audience
EQUALITY AS A BASE
CRITICIZED BY SPOONER
SURGEONS IN THE PARTY
SUM INVOLVED $12,000
MAIL -BATES TO TAHITI
BANKS GRANT NO LOANS
Senate Committee Reports
the Appropriation Measure
* for, the Postal Department
Members of Panama Com
mission Leave on Steam
ship. Allianca for Colon
diaries Bcllstedt. Hay and
Grain Commission Man. Is
Accused of Embezzlement
Civic Purity and Obedience
to Law Are First Requisite,
Says, Chief Justice Brewer
Carter of Hawaii Calls a
Gathering of. Lawmakers
to Solve Financial Puzzles
Bill .Authorizing Additional
Building- Excites a Lively
Debate in the Upper House
FEED DEALER
IS ARRESTED
DEBTS WORRY
THE GOVERNOR
BILL CARRIES
MILLION MORE
JURIST'S VIEWS
ON CITIZENSHIP
WILL INSPECT
CANAL ROUTE
SENATORS WANT
NEW QUARTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, .WEDNESDAY, .MARCH 30, 1904.
your criticism of another is your
verdict, on yourself. :. . ;
Headaches : From Colds.
LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE remove*, tha
cause: To Bet the Kenuine call for the full name
and look lor signature of E. .W. Grave. 23d •
PARIS, March. 29.— A Belgian, ac
cused/ of stealing the historical pearl
necklace belonging to Princess Alica
de Bourbon, , daughter of Don Carlos,,
pretender to the Spanish throne, has,
been arrested. The necklace, which
had been pawned, is in the hands of
the authorities. . . : .
Belgian Accused of the Theft.
2
No other medicine acts like it;
no other medicine has done so
much real, substantial good, no other
medicine has restored health and
Strength at so little cost.
Seed's SartapariUa promises to core
•&d keeps tie promise. ~_
In what it is and what it docs— con-
taining the best blood-purifying,
alterative and tonic substances and
effecting the most radical and per-
manent 'cures of all humors and all
eruptions, relieving " weak, tired,
languid feelings, and building up
the whole system — is true only of
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Peculiar
To Itself
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SURGEOXS RESORT
TO THE KXIFE
When a Simple Home Remedy Cures.
Why do physicians always advise an
operation for the cure of hemorrhoids,
or piles? Are they unconsciously in-
fluenced by the dicta of operating sur-
geons, who stoutly assert and maintain
that all other treatments are merely
palliative, and that the knife affords
the only means of cure?
There could be no greater fallacy, as
the worst possible cases of piles are
permanently cured by the use of Pyra-
mid Pile Cure, which is in suppository
form, is applied directly to the source
of the complaint, and removes the
cause, which an operation does not.
"I have been a sufferer from piles for
over forty . years, and after trying
everything I could hear or read of.
without benefit or relief, I came to the
conclusion to give Pyramid Pile Cure
a trial, and I can truly say it has given
mt- entire satisfaction; it is a wonder-
ful remedy.' The bleeding has entirely
ceased, thp protruding has stopped,
there is no longer any itching, and I
feel no swelling of the parts; in fact I
feel like, a new man.
"I had to wear a truss for several
years, to keep the bowel up, but I have
now discarded it, after using six boxes
of Pyramid Pile Cure. I think after
forty years of suffering, the six boxes
was a small amount to make such an
agreeable change, as I was unable to
do any work that required stooping in
the last eight years. l t recommend
Pyramid Pile Cure to every one with
whom I come in contact, as I consider
it beyond price." Geo. V?,. Ivey, Con-
federate Soldiers' Home, Richmond,
Va; -. •. .... - . •:
•We vouch for the truth and accuracy
of the "above testimonial, and urge all
sufferers to purchase* a fifty cent pack-
age of this famous.remedy at the near-
est drug store, and give it a trial to-
night." Accept no substitutes, and re-
member there is no remedy, "just as
good."
• The v Pyramid -Drug- Co., Marshall,
Mich., publish a little book on the
causes and cure of 'piles, and will glad-
ly send it free .to any, address.-- - -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Rheumatic My st9jy v
Here are some marvels of medicine!
A dose of Aconite will climax at three
o'clock in the morning.
Aloes will operate at live o'clpcX A. M.
and Sulphur at eleven o'clock.
No matter what time, in the preceding
day, you have taken these medicines,
they will climax at the fixed hours here
stated and reveal certain symptoms al-
ways.
How do you account for this?
How account for a Rheumatic per-
son's ability to predict a coming storm
24 hours ahead, by the peculiar ache in
his bones?
Rheumatism is simply Uric Acid in
the blood. Can Uric Acid have its time
limit, like other chemicals, but reflect-
ing/backward like a barometer? .
Uric Acid is due to a lack of Alkaline
material in the blood. This Acid absorbs
the debris, or waste matter, of the sys-
tem.
It carries this waste matter into the
blood, when there aro not enough Alka-
line elements (like salt or soda) to
neutralize the Uric Acta, and to free the
debris before it reaches the kidneys.
As the blood circulates through the
system, it then deposits small particles
of this waste matter in the joints and
muscles. '.V^i.
| These particles are like granulated
j sugar, or sand, and "they grind between
[ the joints and muscles at every move-
iSnent.
This grinding- causes intense pain and
inflammation, frequently. If the disease
be not checked, the inflammation will
cause the Uric particles to be coated
with a fleshy cushion, which In time
grows to the joints as well. Then "bony
joints" and crooked limbs ensue.
The only way to cure Rheumatism is
to convert the Acid condition of the
blood Into an Alkaline. Then to dis-
solve, and carry away, the deposits Ia
joints and muscles.
j Then, to get the digestive organs into
j a normal condition, so they will secrete,
without further help, less Acid and
• more Alkaline*. Upon this condition
t depends cure, and the permanence of
i cure. But — It is useless to kill Rheu-
! matism If we also kill the stomach in
I doing so.
Few drugs powerful enough to dis-
solve Uric Acid deposits are safe to
take into the stomach. This is why
; so-called "quick cures" are dangerous.
Rheumatism is slowly acquired, and
so, a cure cannot be expected in a few
i weeks' treatment, and never by external
applications. The first essential in a
Rheumatic cure is safety — the 'second,
effectiveness — the third, permanence. -
In a medical experience of thirty years
I have known but one remedy which
combined these three qualities. It took
nearly ten years of my life to discover
and perfect that remedy.
The chief ingredient I found in Ger-
many, and to this I added, subtracted
from, and combined, until I now have a
prescription on which I daily stake for-
tune and repute.
After 2000 test cases I found that "Dr.
; Shoop's Rheumatic Cure" succeeded In
i 39 out of each 40 cases. Then I decided
¦ it was safe to supply it on a month's
trial, at my ri3k, to Rheumatic sufferers
everywhere.
If lt fails, the treatment and six bot-
tles of Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic Cure cost
you not a farthing, and I bear the whole
cost myself without question.
If lt succeeds, the cost to you Is but
$5.50. This Is no mere sample proposi-
tion, but a practical guarantee of suc-
cess or no pay. "Write me to-day — before
you forget it —^for my free Treatise on
¦ Rheumatism.
Address Dr. Shoop. box 2630, Racine.
"Wls. Simple cases often yield to one
bottle ef Dr. Shoop's -Rheumatic Cure.
(Druggists' SI.) But all drussrista do
not supply it on a month's trial. Tou
must write to me for that.
£g9QEuB0E9r^SQSdfi[SJH|x^^^^^PSpSJJB3wE&el
I TJJRBIWE I
S A CLUETT COLLAR I
\A QUARTER EACH. QUARTER SIZES I j
El CLUETT, PEABODY <& CO. ; 11
I MAKERS OF CLUETT AMD MONARCH tHIHTI 1
OCEA2T TEAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves. Piers » and 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketehikan. WraaKel.
Juneau, Halnea. EScagway,
etc.. Alaska— lt a. m.. Uu.
20, 31. Apr. 0. Chan* • ta
Company's steamer* at Seat-
tle. . . .. m . ' .
For Victoria, Vaoeourw.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Bel-
ltngham — 11 a. m.. Mar. 28, SI, Apr. 8. Chas**
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry, : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. X:M
p. m.. Mar. 23. 29. Apr. 4- Spokane. 1:30 p.
m.. Mar. 26. Apr. 1. --
For Los Angeles (via Port !«• An*el«a and
Redondo), San Diego and SanU Barbara— San-
ta Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California; Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and IBaat
Ban Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucoa, Poet Harford'CSaa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Mar. 24, Apr. L,
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Mar. 28. Apr. S. • ¦
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. SanU Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th eaca
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OrPICES — 4 ~Scvr Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Asent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Th« Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutler St.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels an4
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
O. /?. & N. CO.
OREGON Bails March 23. April 7. IT. 27.
May 7, 17 and 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails
March 23, April 2. 12, 22. May 2. 12 and 22..
Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and
¦hort rail line from Portland to all point*
i East. Through tickets to all points. Steamer
' tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer aatla
foot of Spear st.,»at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.: C.
CLIFFORD, Geo. Asent Freight Dept.. 3
Montgomery it.
oeeafflcs.s.co.iB£;
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 2. 11 a.m.
S S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Tliur.. Apr. 14, 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPCSA. for Tahiti. Apr. 23. 11 a.m.
I D SPBECXILS k BEOS. C0.,A2tS.,TiC&t Office 643 Ear-
1st si, neigM Ogee 329 naftetsi. Pier 7. Paciils St.
COXPAQNIE 6E5Z&ALE TKA5SATLAMTIQ7X.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARia Jt*.~.
caillr.K every Thursday Instead of .JlMVti
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. trom Pier 42. - 3 iS*i T
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. See-
««rt class io Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-,
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway tfludscn Uulldlng).
New York. J. V. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Azents 5 Montgomery avenue. Can Francisco.
Tlrketii nold hy all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mar> Island aad Vallejo Stsamara.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO-^-
0:45 a. m.. a:lftand S:UO p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday »M3 a. *m.. S:3O p. m. Leave Vallejo
7* a. m. 12:50 and 6 p. m.. except Sunday. Sun.
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. \T«l.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
PROS.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAR,
HUMAN BAROtel«ERS
SB. SHOOP'S BSSHEBTES.Riverside Grand Jury Discharged.
RIVERSIDE, March 29.— The River
side Grand Jury, which has been in
session for some .time, investigating
the charges of boodling against county
officials and others, concluded its la
bors to-day and was discharged. No
new indictments were returned,
Bank in Iowa Fails.
ELDORA, Iowa, March 29.— The
private banking firm of O. E. Miller
& Son, of New Providence has failed.
Proceedings in bankruptcy have been
begun.
Alleged Counterfeiters Arrested.
VALLEJO, March 29. — What proves
to.be an Important piece of detective
work has just been accomplished by
Chief of Police Stanford of this city
in the arrest of Eugene Franklin and
James Cleghorn and the 'capture of a
tin box full of many queer looking
coins, together with -the implements
for manufacturing the same Chief
Hazen of the United States secret ser
vice will be given the custody of the
prisoners.
Rev. Father -T. Caraher will deliver
a sermon on "Christ and Caiphas" at
St. Francis Church, Vallejo street, this
evening^at 7:30 o'clock. Rev. Father
Landry, S. J., will preach on "The
Blessed Eucharist" to-morrow night
and on Friday night Rev. Father Mc-
Gough is to speak on "The Passion."
Sermons at St. Francis Church.
CARS COLLIDE.— A north-bound electric
car on Fourth street collided with a west
bound Mission street car at Fourth and Mis
sion : streets Monday nieht. Both cars .were
crowded with passengers, but no one was In
jured. - : ,
WASHINGTON. March V 29.— Postmaster
General Payno eat - up for some tim« to-day,
and ¦was able to- mov«*. little without using
crutches." It was his beet day since his attack
befan, ¦ ¦ • '';- : .-.-¦-.•¦'.— -;• ¦ . ,.. ¦••
Trouble Over Labor !Law.
PARIS, March 29.— The strike in the
Department of the North resulting from
the application of the new Socialist law
establishing a maximum of ten hours
for labor in the department is assum
ing serious proportions and is thrqaten
lng to involve most of the large textile
factories.
Red Men Celebrate at Hollister.
HOLLISTER. March 29. — Dorcis
Dallas No. 122, Improved Order of
Red Men, entertained Past Grand Sa
chem John Boyse and Grand Keeper
of Records Porter L. Bliss in the ne\v.
Grangers' Union Hall last night after
a public initiation of forty-three mem
bers. The new hall was dedicated and
was pronounced by the visitors to be
equal to any outside of San Francisco.
There were 200 people at the ban
quet.
Officer Punished for Cruelty.
BERLIN, March 29.— A non-commis
sioned officer named Mitschke, belong
ing To an infantry regiment at Neisse.
has been sentenced to imprisonment for
three months. It , was proved at the
trial that nine men recruited by
Mitschke had been treated by him to
kicks and blows daily during a period
c/f two months. *
BOARD OF EXAMINERS
PURCHASES NAPA BONDS
, .¦> •
Municipality" Disposes of thc Entire
Issue "to the State at
Par' Value.
NAPA, March 29. — At a special
meeting on Tuesday afternoon the City
Council opened bids for the purchase
of the municipal Improvement bonds
recently , voted , by the people. The
bonds are of the value of $35,000 and
are for a new park and improvements,
a steam fire engine and several large
bridges. Two . bids were especially
considered, that of Henry Brown of
Napa for the whole amount -at par,
and that of the State Board of Ex
aminers, also for the whole amount at
par. The latter bid was accepted, the
other having an objectionable . condi
tion. The bonds bear A per cent in
terest and are each of a par value of
$100.
PITTSBtTRO. March 29.— The machine ihop»
of the PUtaburx Valve Foundry and Construc
tion Company were destroyed by flre to-night.
Loss $200,000.
Distress on Mauritius Island.
LONDON. March 30.— The British of
ficer administrating the island of Mau
ritius has cabled to the Colonial Office,
fully confirming the reports of the dis
tress caused by- the storm which re
cently devastated the French Island of
Reunion. The Government of Mauri
tius, he says, is contributing $7500 to
the relief fund.
Shasta Supervisor Appointed.
SACRAMENTO. March 29.— The
Governor to-day appointed W. W.
Fish of Buckeye, Shasta County, a Su
pervisor of that cdunty to succeed A.
Cahon, deceased.
Californians In New York.
NEW YORK. March 29. — The fol
lowing Californians have arrived:
From San Francisco — F. Dieckman,
at the Broadway Central: F. G. Miner,
at the Navarre: H. L. Pascha, at the
Imperial; Mrs. K. L. Prior, at the Na
varre: J. Durney. at the Imperial; V.
G. Hlrsch. at the Gilsey; B. Levy, at
the Herald Square; H. Wangenheim
and wife, at the Holland.
Arcata in Humboldt Progressing;.
ARCATA. March 29. — This city re
cently voted $35,000 in 4 per cent
bonds to construct a complete sewer
system. The bonds will be offered for
sale at once and work on the new sys
tem win be commenced within a cou
ple of months. The vote on the bonds
carried 203 in favor to only 18 against.
Arcata is one of the best located
cities in the county and is keeping
step with the times.
ELECTRIC ROAD WANTS
RIGHTS IN SANTA ROSA
Citizens Hold Mass-3feetlng and Adopt
Resolutions Favorable to
Project.
SANTA ROSA. March 29.— At a mas*
meeting of citizens held here this after
noon, 'resolutions were unanimously
adopted requesting the City Council to
grant the new Petaluma and Santa
Rosa Electric Railway a right to enter
the city by way of Sebastopol avenue
and Main street. John Tyler Campbell
acted .as chairman of the meeting and
the following citizens from San Fran
cisco were present: George A. Batch
elder, Thomas Archer, Francis Cuttimj,
Burke Corbett and Alfred D. Bowen.
If is understood that the Council Is
entirely favorable and will grant the
franchise at the next meeting. Director
Batchelder said to-day that cars would
be running by August 1. The work of
construction is already under way. The
new road will connect Petaluma, Sebas
topol and Santa Rosa and will later on
be extended north and to the coast,
either at. the mouth of Salmon Creek,
Russian River or Dillon's Beach.
WOMEN IN PALO ALTO
INCORPORATE A CLUB
Self Improvement and Community
Work Among the Purposes of
the Organization.
SAN JOSE, March 29.— The
Women's Club of Palo Alto filed ar
ticles of incorporation with fhe Coun
ty Clerk to-day. Self-improvement,
mutual help and community work and
the establishment of a clubhouse are
the objects of the incorporation. Be
sides this the club is authorized to
buy and sell land and do such other
things as conduce to the attainment
of these purposes. ,
The. officers and fncorporators of
'the club are: Mrs. J. S. Laking,
president; Mrs. C. G. Baldwin, vice
president; Mrs. E. F. Weishaar, treas
urer; Mrs. F. A. Stuart, recording sec
retary; Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, Mrs. H. G.
Wyckoff, Mrs. George R. Parkinson,
Mrs. H. F. Perry, Mrs. J. J. Morris,
Mrs. El wood Varney, Mrs. D. L. Sloan
and Mrs. A. E. Peck.
Cunard Company Is Prosperous.
LONDON, March 29.— The Cunard
Steamship Company's report for 1903
shows a profit of $1,359,530, and a divi
dend of 4 per cent. The report ex
plains that the directors have found it
necessary to withdraw from their
agreements with other lines in order
to be able to protect the company's
share of business in whatever way nec
essary.
.MBS. "JL'LIA DL'FF i'lES SUDDENLY.—
Mr*. Juha DvrJT died suddenly last night in
Ifw henje at 4047 Seventeenth street. Heart
- ,. sf-ase wa« the cau«e.
WHEATLAXD, March 29.— The citizens of
"Wheatland to-day voted on and carried the
proposition of issuing bonds of $20,000 for pur
chasing the Wheatland water works property
and the construction and completion of a wa
t<?r works system for the town.
BOT FATALLY INJURED. — Francis
Pchneider. the t«i-year-old son of John P. C.
Schneider of 1016V4 Mason street, fell from
the third Ftory to the basement of the Fair
mont Hotel yesterday morning and sustained
a fractured skull. Despite an operation at
the Emorg?ncy Hospital he died an hour after
th* accident.
FOUR MEN DROWNED
WHILE HUNTING DUCKS
Overturning of a Boat in Lake Calu
met Has a Disastrous
Result.
CHICAGO, March 29.— Four men
were drowned to-day in Lake Calumet
by the capsizing of their two boa_ts
while hunting ducks. They are: Tunis
SJingerland, Abraham Slingerland,
Peter Pirsna and John Brandt.
Gorman Vice Consul Murdered.
BUENOS ATRES, Argentina. March
29. — Herr Dufay, the German Vice
Consul at Salta. has been murdered by
an Italian beggar, who was arrested.
The motive of the murder is said to
have been revenge.
Hicks-Beach Soon to Retire.
LONDON. March 29.— Sir Michael
Hicks-Beach, writing to the chairman
of his committee at West Bristol,
which constituency he represents, says
that while he does not anticipate an
early dissolution of Parliament he has
definitely decided to retire from active
politics.
MISSION WORKERS
HOLD A CONVENTION
Women's Foreign Society Makes
Splendid Showing in Session at
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, March 29.— The San
Jose District Women's Foreign Mis
sionary Society of the Methodist
church met in fourth annual conven
tion at the College Park Church to
day. Mrs. W. C. Sawyer, the presi
dent, presided. Nearly 100 delegates
¦were present. Reports of the various
officers showed an increase in the so
ciety's work. Mrs. M. V. Morey, "the
treasurer, and Mrs. T. E. Beck, su
perintendent of juvenile work, re
ported. Mrs. Grace Aram spoke on
"Proportionate Giving" and Mrs. M.
E. Herold read a paper on "Our
Christmas Box." "Our Literature"
was the subject of Miss Josephine
Mar^ton and Mrs. H. E. Williamson
reported on "Standard-bearer's Work."
Miss Nellie I|anson explained "The
Mission of the Standard-bearers."
Corresponding Secretary Mrs. A. J.
Kinsey presented her report. A lunch
was served the delegates at noon.
NO PROTEST" RECEIVED
BY PAPAL SECRETARY
Official Vatican Newspaper Declares
That thc Pope's Si>eech Was
Not Criticized.
ROME, March 29.— The Osservatore
Romano, fhe Roman official Vatican
organ, denies that Cardinal Merry del
Val, the papal secretary of state, has
received from M. Delcasse, the French
Foreign Minister, a protest against the
speech delivered by the Pope on
March 18 last, in which he criticized
the French Government for its treat
ment of the clergy and the reHgious
orders, as lias been' asserted' in the
French press.
DEBATE WTLL TEST
' . PELLETAN'S STRENGTH
Minister of Marine Bitterly Arraigned
• ' bv Chaumet for Alleged'In
¦' : : competency.
* PARIS, March 29.— The Chamber
«>*f Deputies to-day began the debate on
Marine Minister Pelletan's administra
tion of the" navy. It is expected to last
ty. 6 days and promises to be a test of
the strength of M. Pelletan and of the
?4.irustry as a whole. The Government
leaders claim that the latest canvass
snotrs' that they have a majority of
twenty. . •
•Vrior to the opening of the debate
the Cabinet discussed :he Ministerial
situation, but no action was taken
foreshadowing the retiremsnt of M.
Pelletan. •
M. Chaumet (Republican) opened
'. '. ' "¦ debate with a bitter personal ar
i.iigr.ment of M. Pelletan's alleged in
t ompetency and inefficiency in the
conduct of*, naval affairs.
The* finai test will be made on a
motion to appoint an extra parlia
mentary commission o£ investigation.
POPE PI US IS IN NO
FEAR OF ASSASSINS
Report That l^arge Force of Soldiers
Is Guarding the Vatican Is
Ridiculed.
ROME, March 29. — The report, pub
lished by the Daily Chronicle of Lon
don and cabled to the United States,
that the Vatican has for days past
been guarded by a large force of Ital
ian soldiers and police, owing to ?ho
discovery of a plot against the life of
the Pope, is ridiculed by the Vatican
authorities, who say that the number
of carbineers and policemen on duty
at the papal palace is no larger than
usual.
Further investigation developed the
fact that the rumor of an alleged plot
against the life of the Pope originated
in a statement that two Italian anar
chists would arrive at Genoa from
South America next week with the in
tention of making an attempt to as
sassinate the Pontiff. The report was
ridiculed by the authorities.
[OFFICIALS OF STEEL
CORPORATION* ACTIVE
Conference of Finance Committee and
J. P. Morgan Causes Speculation
in Wall Street.
NEW TORK, March 29. — Some of
the leading officials of the United
States Steel Corporation, including
George W. Perkins, chairman of the
finance committee, and P. A. B. Wide
ner of Philadelphia, also of that com
mittee, were in conference with J. P.
Morgan to-day and the financial dis
trict took it for granted that some
thing has been done regarding the
next dividend on steel preferred.
According to a director of the cor
poration the question of maintaining
or reducing the present 7 per cent
rate will not be determined much In
advance of the quarterly meeting next
Tuesday. The finance and executive
committees are scheduled to meet to
day. -.
XEW YORK, March 29. — A story
of an alleged plot to assassinate Pres
ident Roosevelt, which upon investi
gation proved to be entirely without
foundation, was made public to-day
by Police Commissioner Adoo.
Several days ago the Commissioner
received a letter from a man in Italy
saying that an Italian was about to
come to this country for the express
purpose of assassinating the Presi
dent. The writer gave a detailed de
scription of the alleged anarchist, the
steamer on which he would sail and
full details of the alleged Dlot.
When the steamer docked an inspec
tor was on hand with a large squad
of detectives and the suspect was
found and detained. Investigation,
however, showed that the case was
purely one of spite on the part of the
man who ijwrote the letter. It was
found that the detained man was not
an anarchist and that he had a perfect
right to enter the United States. ,He
was allowed to land. The^object of
the letter, it was found, was to have
the man deported.
NEW HAA'EN. Conn., March 29.— The
appeal of William Jennings Bryan from
the decision of Probate Judge Cleave
land in relation, to the will of Philo S.
Bennett, 'of which Bryan is an execu
tor, was heard In the Superior Court
to-day before Judge Edwin B. Gager
and a jury. Bryan appeals from the
Probate Court's'decision that the sealed
letter mentioned in the will is not a
part of the will. By this letter Bennett
expressed a wish that Br yan have a
gift c-f $50,000, of which $10,000 was to
go to Mrs. Bryan and $15,000 to be held
in trust for their children, the remain
der to be for Bryan himself. Bryan
was present in court, but Mrs. Bryan,
who accompanied him here from Ne
braska, was not in the room.
When James K. Blake, clerk of the
Probate Court, was called as the first
witness there was much sparring be
tween counsel over technicalities relat
ing tc- the identification of thc wili and
the sealed letter from the court
Every question asked by counsel for
Bryan was objected to by the other
side. The will was entered as "exhibit
A," and the sealed letter was "exhibit
B."
These entries, however, were for pur
poses of identification only. When an
attempt was made by counsel for Bry
an to- offer the sealed letter as evi
dence counsel for the appellees object
ed, saying that when the proper time
came he would debate the question of
the admission of the paper as a matt«r
of la'w. . He held that the sealed letter
was not admissible. At the suggestion
of the court, the offer of the letter as
evidence was withdrawn for the pres
ent. Objections were also made to the
admission of evidence of the will and
the inventory of the estate. These ob
jections were sustained and the docu
ments excluded temporarily.
LONDON*. March 29. — The usual
motion providing for the adjournment
of the House of Commons over the
Easter holidays gave the Liberal
leader. Sir Henry Campbell-Banner
man, an opportunity to make a spirit
ed attack on the Government. He
caustically criticized in detail the
whole policy of the Ministry, which,
he declared, except in the matter of
Chinese labor, was marked by "inde
cision, confusion and vacillation; a
tortuous course and a misty atmos
phere." Sir Henry added that he did
not think it was in accordance with
the spirit of tho^constitution that Pre
mier Balfour should retain power
when the country had shown at every
opportunity afforded it that he no
.longer enjoyed its favor.
Balfour, replying, said he noted the
anxiety of the Liberal leader that he
should resign, but he was quite un
able to see why the Government
should take the unprecedented course
of resigning office while It retained
the confidence of the House. He
agreed with Lord Rosebery that the
country shouTd not be rushed in re
gard to the fiscal question, and pointed
out that the Government majority
even now was larger tha'n the majority
with which Sir Henry Campbell-Ban
nerman assumed office in order to car
ry home rule. There were no reasons
why the courage of the Unionists
should be less than that of the Liber
als, nor why the Unionists should re
linquish their task because faint-heart
edness had been shown in some direc
tions. Sir Henry could settle the ques
tion of the Government's resignation
or not by a vote of censure.
Balfour concluded with declaring
that the Government's fiscal policy was
that of real, progressive free trade.
When Winston Spencer Churchill
(Conservative) rose and pressed Bal
four for a further explanation of the
Government's fiscal policy, saying the
vacillation of the Government had
caused him to become one of its op
ponents instead of one of its support
ers, the Premier and all the Unionists
except ten trooped out of the House.
The incident led to protests on the
part of the other members against the
discourtesy shown Churchill.
Fp**"ial r '»bl» t-> Th» Call »n<J New York Hfr
¦M. C-nryritflu. irjn^ \, y thc jsew Tork Her
.t".<J ruhlivhing Company.
CARACAS. Venezuela, -March 29.—
United States Minister Bowen has a
grievance against El Mo«it<jr, the Gov
ernment .organ,* for" p«blishing an ar
ticle charging that he received $30,639
for getting a reference (st the question
0$ the pveferential claims to The Ha-
C"Je tribunal. El Monitor elso charged
that Bo-iVeri, MacVeagh and Henfleld
accepted .JSO.OOO for acting as Vene
ifueLan .C.cmmissioners at -The Hague.
Bowcn wrote a letter to- President
¦Castro .requesting that the editor of
KI. '.Iqnltor i>e punished unless El Mori
iiolr- published the truth; namely, that
he (Bow<;n) was paid only $5000 and
that : the three . commissioners were
ra.i<i 545fO for their expenses. at Tne
Hague. :¦ .•
•••He : also sent an energetic protest
against "calumnies" to th«* Venezuelan
Minister- of Foreign Affairs, Gustavo
J: San Abria, who replied at th<» direc
tion of President Castro .that the latter
rould. not punish the editor of El Moni
tor as such action would b» a blow at
th*» liberSy of the prfss and would es
tablish a fatal precedon-t.
"PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad*. Jlarch
22'— President Castro, who declined to
punish the editor of the Venezuelan
Government organ El Monitor for its
recent attack on United States Minis
ter. Bowen, resented a criticism of
another Caracas paper on his fCas
tro-'s) attitude in the matter and had
the. editor arrested and suspended the
publication cf his paper.
Passenger Said to Have De
signs on President's Life
Is Found to Be Innocent
Her Majesty Margherita An
nounces Her Decision to
Make a Visit to Berlin
ROME, March 29.— The meeting be
tween Dowager Queen Margherita and
Emperor William took place to-day.
She left Rome -at an early hour by
special train for Terrachina. where an
automobile was in waiting. Going
swiftly to Gaeta, Queen Margherita
boarded the Italian battleship Rey
Umberto, named after her dead hus
band, and went to meet Emperor "Will
iam, who was on his way from Naples
to Gaeta on board the imperial yacht
Hohenzollern.
The two ships thus met out at sea.
The scene was picturesque, as many
flags fluttered gayly in the air, the
crews cheered and the bands played
the national anthems of Italy and Ger
man}-. Emperor William immediately
boarded the Rey Umberto and, after
half an hour"s chat, the Queen accom
panied him on board the Hohenzollern,
where they had lunch.
The Queen was heard to say as she
left the Hohenzollern for the Rey
Umherto:
"Now, I have determined to visit
Germany," to which Emperor William
replied:
"As a friend. I hope."
Says There Is No, Eeason to
Resign While Government
Continues in the Majority
Nebraskan's Opponents Ob
ject to Use of Instrument
or Letter as Evidence
Executive of EepulUic Takes
Prompt Action When His
Own Xaine Is Assailed
PEEMIEE MAKES EEPLY
ALL STEPS CONTESTED
LETTEE CAUSES WORRY
ROYALTIES MEET AT SEA
EDITOIi IS NOT PUNISHED
New York Detectives Throng
a Wharf When a Steam
er From Europe Arrives
Widow of the Late King of
Italy and the German
Emperor at Luncheon
Grievance of United States
Minister Bowen at Caracas
Ignored by the President
Hearing in the Case of the
Will of Philo S. Bennett
Is Begun Before a Jury-
Sir Henry Campbell-Banner
nian Vigorously Attacks
Policy of English Ministry
SEEK IN VAIN
FOR ASSASSIN
KAISER GREETS
DOWAGER QUEEN
BRYAN'S APPEAL
BEING ARGUED
WANTS BALFOUR
TO STEP OUT
CASTRO WINKS
IT CALUMNIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL, ;W EDNESDAY, .MARCH 30, 1904.
- CLEVELAND, ' March 29.— The Standard Oil
Company has reduced, 'the price on all grades
of gasoline 1 cent per gaUoa.
Trunks and Valises.
Every thing that is new. good and mod
erate priced. in trunks and valises/ dress
suit cases and traveling sets now - • in
stock., Lettered in gold free of charge.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
3
AIT OLD SATZITO.
Showlnsr Sow Causa and Effect Ax*
Never Far Bemovei.
It is an old saying:. "Where there's
honey there's bees" — not less true is one
which science has coined more recently.
"Where there's dandruff there's Kerms"
— and — to push the inference still fur-
ther — we may truly say. "Where there's
dandruff cured Newbro's Herpicide has
been at work."
The reason of Herplclde's isolation as
a genuine cure for dandruff Jies in the
fact that it attacks and destroys the root
of the whole trouble — a parasitic Rerm
which feeds upon the material which
nourishes the hair follicle.
Other so-called remedlea are not di-
rected at this true cause of the disease.
Accept no substitute, there is none.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co..
Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
lbs Kind You Hays Always Bought
Bears the sjj? •/tf%^>£""
Signature of L/uzjC/%7£U£JUa:
Tern biking-powder tplcw
coffee flaming extracts »wi»
r.re safe ; you needn't get
cheated in them, Schilling's
Best are not only pure and
true, but generous. — -
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DR. KTLMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY
TROUBLE AND DON'T KNOW IT
I
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU. Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by MaiL
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and .suffering than nny other disease— therefore, when, through
neglect op other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first. *
If you are sick or "feel badly/* begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment in the urine.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame back, dizri-
bladder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
stands thc highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble.
cures of the most distressing cases, skin eruptions from bad blood, nenral-
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- gria. rheumatism, diabetes, bloating, ir-
tcm right, and the best proof of this ritability, worn-out feelinjr. lack of am-
; is a trial. bition. loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
53 cottage ST.. MEL.ROSE. masp, or Briffht's disease.
%" r S »ince i wa, in the amyVui^ « *«» water, when allowed to re-
or i«r«i kidney trouble, and within the pa»t mam undisturbed in a glass 6r bottle for
year it beoama so severe and complicated that twentv-four hour* form? a «^Him^nt of
I suffered everything and was much alarm-d— lv< eniy-IOUr nours, lorms a sediment Or
my strength and power was fast leaving me. Settling 1 Or has a Cloudy appearance. It
I «aw an advertisement of Swamo-Root and {« evidence that vour Icidnev* and
wrote asklnc for advice. X bepan the use of if, j j j - i- U ana
the im-didne and noted a decided improvement bladder need immediate attention.
"rco^n^ 8^^,;^ °a D m y tU b^ Vo me s* y Swamp- Root is the *reat discovery of
that I am entirely cured and •trong In ord-r Dr - Kilmer, the eminent kidney and
to be very sure about this, i had a doctor ex- bladder specialist Hospitals use it
amlne come of my water to-day, and he nro- -xl j t i ¦ • t »t_ «• til
•nouncrf it all rijtht and in splendid condition? Wlth wonderful SUCCCSS in both slight
i know that your Swamp-Hcot ta purely v»*l and severe cases. Doctors recommend
&,*«. TS2nk& W 'y«2f >t f.rSj? l So^t. h^S?i jt tO th « r P aticnts and U8e Jt in th «*
ery- and recommending Swamp-Root to all «uf- own families, because they recognize
~ i %£ BBdgs -saas^is ™ "¦" mott
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Root, is for sale at drug stores the world
sent free by mall, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
you may test its virtues .for such dis- prices— fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
diseases, poor digestion. bein£ obliged Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
to pass your water^ frequently ni*ht and dress Binghamton, N. Y^. on every
day, smarting or irritation in passine. bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly
curing even the most distressing: cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
bles, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a. samoie bottle
and a book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail The
book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial lct-
' ters received from men and women cured. The value and success of
bwamp-Root is s6 well known that oi.r readers are advised to send for a
sample bottle. In sending vour address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bineham-
ton, N. Y ., be sure to sav vou read this generous offer in the San Fran-
cjsco Daily Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
of this offer.
I Panoramic Crystallized Easter Eggs]
Ii Given Free to the Children |
"DRING thc children this week and let us present them 1
-¦^ with an Easter Egg. At the same time let us fit them |
x out in their new Spring togs for Easter. . . . |
EASTER SPECIALS j
SAILOR SUITS TOPCOATS RUSSIAN BLOUSE 1
Children's Serge Sailor Suits Boys' Tan Covert Top Coats SUITS 1
I in solid colors; also in fancy made on the men's pat- In Sailor Collar and "Buster |
Tvveeds; handsomely trim- terns; dressy coats for the Brown" styles; solid colors I
mttJnlt * t^M 1 ° r thC hlt , e men of 3 t0 10 y ears ' a » d - ' f a nc y Homespuns. I
little ones; *:> 00 tfj^ =() wellworth$5.00, nn ' Special Easter ¦*'- nn 1
values at-. . . VO.DV \ at ... . . .. 3>4.UU values at ¦ . . $5.00 >t I
CHILDREN'S EASTER HATS I
All the latest effects in fine Milan, Sennett, Split Macki- J- ' 1
naw and Rough-and-Ready Straws are now here in I
I fnd P^s S . Uit pHces fof .^50C to $7.50 | I
ROOS BROS. "jBritish Cruisers on' Waiting Orders.
LONDON, March 30. — The Times
prints a dispatch from its correspond
ent at Weihalw^l; received last" night,
which says: .
"I have just returned, after a 190-mile
cruise,"and I saw nothing. of either the
Russian oi\ the Japanese fleets, though
the watch 'reported flash signaling at
about. 4 o'clock this morning. I was
debarred from running to Port
Arthur by a heavy fog," and I imagine
that the weather, is too thick for' the
Japanese to remain close to' Port
Artfiur, in view of the strength of the
Russians in their torpedo-boat de
stroyers.". ' /
OSKALOOSA, Iowa, March 29.—
One hundred head of draft horses
were sold to an agent of the Russian
Government here to-day. One mare
brought J250.
Itus-sla IJuys Iowa Horses.
VLADIVOSTOK. March 29. — There
is an amusing sequel to the order of
the Chief of Police directing that a
keen lookout be kept for Japanese
disguised as Koreans or Chinese.
Since the order was issued the police
nelze every Asiatic they see for a pull
at his queue In order to ascertain
whether it is real or false.
Not Amusing to the Chinese.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 29.—Ac
cording to a letter received from an of
ficer of the Russian gunboat Koreitz,
which was destroyed by the Japanese
at Chemulpo, his ship, technically fired
the first shot of the war, but this shot
was not fired until the Japanese had
fired three torpedoes in an effort to
sink the Koreitz. .
The officer writes that on February
8, wlthtfut knowing that there had
been even a rupture in diplomatic re
lations, the Korelta left Chemulpo for
Port Arthur with dispatches from Pav
loff, the^ Russian Minister to 'Korea,
and met^the j Japanese cruiser and tor
pedo squadron while still In neutral
waters. Being .unsuspicious,: the- Kor^
eitz steamed between the two divisions
of .the squadron with the tarpaulins
still covering her guns, when It was
noticed that-the cruisers were training
their guns on the Russian vessel ; but
i^was not until the torpedo boats be
gan, ,to ; maneuver" preparatory to tor
pedoing .that those on board the Kor
eitz; became 'really alarmed. It was
FAILS TO SIGHT
THE RIVAL FLEETS
OFF PORT ARTHUR
HOW FIRST SHOT
OF THE FAR EAST
WAR WAS FIRED
IRKUTSK, March 29— -Traffic across
Lake Baikal is being carried on as
regular as clockwork. The troops
cross on the ice, singing as they
march. The ice breaker is likely to
begin the work of cutting a i channel
any day.
¦Troops Sing as^hey March.
SEOUL, March 28, 5:15 p. m. —
Marquis Ito, upon taking his depar
ture yesterday, submitted to the Gov
ernment some suggestions for Korean
reforms. The Emperor has appointed
Yi Chi Ying, a former Minister of
Foreign Affairs, as a special .Embas
sador to bear presents to the Japanese
Emperor and return the compliment
of Marquis Ito's visit to Korea.
Many Korean officials who were
formerly implicated In pro-Russian
movements and who remained in hid
ing during the recent stay here of
Marquis Ito, are reported now to be
reappearing. They are confident and
have been assured that drastic re
forms for the purging of Korean of
ficial circles are hot imminent.
PARIS March 30, — The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Echo de
Paris says:
"Uearn that the Czar intends to send
Vice Admiral Chouknin, director of the
naval school, to Port Arthur as assist
ant to Vice Admiral Makaroff."
A Harbin correspondent of the Matin
says that General Volkoff has issued a
ukase informing the inhabitants of
Manchuria and trans-Balkalia that all
persons convicted of circulating false
news will be punished with the utmost
rigor, according to military law. This
ukase, the correspondent says, is espe
cially directed against handbills pro
mulgating-false news issued by the
Chinese. • ? «- r .
KOREAN RULER
SENDING PRESENTS
TO THE MIKADO
It is said Lesser believes that if Rus
sia were at liberty to- deal China a
crushing blow in the vicinity of the
great wall and then make a quick at
tack on the capital, it coujd imme
diately put an end to all danger that
China may join its, army and fleet with
those of Japan and at the same time
overthrow Japanese influence in this
city.
' The situation between Russia and
China Is generally recognized as
strained. It is even threatening to
become critical. The action of the
Russians in arbitrarily Imposing their
jurisdiction on the neutral port of
Newchwang is calculated to make
matters worse. • .
PEKING, March 29. — Paul Lesser,
the Russian Minister, here, is accused
of systematically endeavoring to bring
about a state of war between China
and Russia. He is wearing out. the
patience of the Chinese by insolent
nagging of the Foreign Office with
petty complaints and unwarrantable
demands. He almost assumes . the
right to command the Chinese army
on the Manchurian frontier. The Min
ister's conduct is attributed partly to
personal ill feeling on account of his
failure to prevent China opening ports
to foreign trade and partly to a desire
to alter the balance of prestige as be
tween Russia and Japan in Peking.
SLAV GOVERNMENT
SEEKING TO FORCE
WAR UPON CHINA
MOSCOW, March 29. — Three Brit
ish officers, who arrived here yester
day from India by way of Persia,
have pronounced themselves as being
impressed by the calm confidence
among the Russians. The officers no
ticed no signs of military activity and
did not see a single military train
through the Caucasus or European
Russia. It was just as if Russia were
not engaged in war.
Calm Confidence of Russians.
ODESSA, March 29. — Information
has been received here that the Rus
sian steamship Malaya, with the sur
vivora of the Ruxslan .cruiser Varlag
and the- jcunboat Koreitz. passed the
Dardanelles to-day and will arrive
here to-morrow. Preparations for the
reception of the survivors have been
completed. The town will be deco
rated with bunting and there will be
grand Illuminations especially com
memorative of the Chemulpo fight.
Glorious Home-Comins of Marines.
WASHINGTON, * March 29.— Count
Cassini, the Russian Embassador, has
delivered to the State Department the
following notes:
"I have the honor, by direction of
my Government, to bring to the atten
tion of your Excellency that the Red
Cross has fitted up a, floating hospital
on board a steamer of the Eastern
Chinese Railroad' Company now at
Port Arthur, and that the necessary
steps have been taken in all that con
cerns its exterior painting, Its crew
and equipment in order that the ves
sel may comply with the stipulations
of The Hague conference concerning
the application to maritime warfare
of the principle of the convention of
Geneva, of August, 1864."
"By order of my Government I have
the honor to bring to the attention of
your Excellency that, owing to exist
ing circumstances, the lieutenant of
his Majesty in the Far East finds him
self under the necessity of causing
mines to be laid at the mouth of the
Llao River, near Ylnkow. Neutral
merchant vessels may still be freely
admitted into the above named port,
on condition that they shall comply
with the regulations issued for the pur
pose."
Yinkow is the port of Newchwang,
at the mouth of Liao River.
While the situation at sea is regarded
as less clearly under the complete mas
tery of Admiral Togo, it is not believed
that Admiral Makaroff's vessels are in
a position to do much damage. It is
expected that they will remain close
e;.nugh to Port Arthur to be in a posi
tion to refreat under the cover of the
shore batteries In case of emergency.
No Japanese report of the land opera,
tions !n Korea has been received here
and there is much speculation as to
the size of the opposing armies, re
garding which there is no reliable In
formation.
A correspondent at Russian head
quarters in Mukden telegraphs that ac
cording to reports received there about
10,000 Japanese have crossed the river
at Chinchangau f.nd 5000 have ad
vanced north from Chongju.
The Chronicle's Shanghai corre
spondent assertB that - practically the
whole Japanese army in. Korea, con
sisting of 100,000 men, is concentrated
at Pukcheng and Anju, only small de
tachments being left In Southern Korea
to maintain communication.
A St. Petersburg special says that a'
Russian division of 25,000 men from
Southern Ussuri Is advancing in two
columns through Korea. ' The main
column, coming along the east coast
road, reached Pukcheng, 180 miles from
Tumen River, and a flanking column,
consisting of Cossacks and mountain
artillery, coming along the valley of
the Tumen River toward Its source, has
reached the coast of Lake Tadjl; This
column reports that the Japanese are
advancing north from Tonsan and
that their advance guard is encamped
at Chongping.
Is is expected that when the major
ity ot Kuropatkin's troops are in the re
gion between Liaoyang and the Yalu
River the Japanese will attempt to cut
the Russian communications and try
conclusions within easy reach of the
sea, which is the true base of the Mi
kado's army. Meanwhile an entire
army corpus ;fs ready for- action in r the
northern" end "of JapanT and can* be
moved at an hour's notice toward any
point where the Mikado's generals be
lieve the Russians are least able to op
pose it.
According to all experts, heavy blows
must begin to fall within a few days.
It is accepted as certain that, wherever
or in whatever manner Japan may at
tack, she will reserve ample forces to
execute those flanking movements to
which the Japanese strategists have
from the first pinned great faith.
LONDON, March 29.— Students of the
military situation in the Far East are
becoming convinced that the delay in
the- Japanese operations, which was due
at first to climatic difficulties, is now
the result of a desire to permit Rus
sians to complete the mobilization of
the main Manchurian army south of
Mukden. It is apparent that the Japan
ese have made no effort whatever to
prevent this mobilization, although
they might at any time have dispatched
raiding parties to destroy the railway.
CASSINI NOTIFIES
HAY OF THE MINING
OF THE LIA0 RIVER
T0KI0 WAR BOARD
HOPES TO HEM IN
RUSSIAN ARMY
However, the great Japanese machine
works everywhere smoothly.. The spirit
is a splendid one of confidence and quiet
determination. These officers and men
realize the great privations and enor
mous di5T:u!tles ahead, but unflinch
ingly resolve to attain the great ob
jective — Harbin. In conversation an of
ficial expressed the opinion that If Har
bin be taken Japan will turn to Amer
ica and England,* saying: • ¦'•>]
"We have fought your battle. Help
us by diplomatic pressure to keep Man
churia open, whose key, Harbin, we
possess."
Wherever the Japanese have mili
tary work, Korean coolies are pressed
into their service. The Koreans re
maining here become daily fewer. The
Japanese flag flies on the houses of
rich and Door alike. The streets are
filled with hurrying soldiers and small
tradesmen, a^ cloud of whom has de
scended upon Korea.
All of the correspondents were forced
to return to Seoul.
Foreigners long resident here agree
that the first Japanese reverse will be
followed by an uprising of Tong-Haks,
a .secret Korean society, which an
nounces that it is an ally of Russia.
KOREANS ARE KEPT BUSY. '
A party of American miners convey
ing bullion has had many opportuni
ties of judging the feeling of the Man
churian Chinese and expresses a strong
opinion that all are in favor of Russia,
while a large number are prepared to
assist actively. These miners tell also
hew Russia is enormously strengthen
ing her large number of fortified posts
along the Yalu. heavy reinforcements
having arrived during the last three
weeks. The miners, who crossed the
Chengcheng River In boats, feel certain
that the Japanese will be unable to
throw pontoon bridges across that
stream before early in April, owing to
the severity of the winter.
CIIIXESE FAVOR RUSSIA.
PINGYANG (via Shanghai). March
29. — The Chengcheng River at pres
ent is the line dividing the Japanese
and Russian forces. Anju is held in
force by 1500 Japanese, who are be
ing continually reinforced from Ping
yang and, latterly, also from Che
nampho. The latter city is being
strengthened as part of the Japanese
scheme to offer a determined resist
ance in the event of a forced retreat.
Similarly all strategical points have
been fortified -as the advance pro
gresses.
The Pingyang walls and gates have
been fortified. On the hills overlook
ing the city the Japanese have mount
ed guns. The work has been in prog
ress for the last five years, disguised
army officers and other spies having
been busy, so that now the Japanese
advance with a knowledge of all nec
essary points in the strategical scheme
and these are. now being quietly and
effectively occupied.
The territory north of Chengcheng
River is still Russian. The main routes
are filled with cavalry. Each party is
accompanied by an intelligence officer,
wJu> is busy sketching and surveying.
1 The present military delay, while val
uable to the Japanese, is materially
useful to Russia, enabling her to push
forward her first line of resistance
southward over '"country considered
friendly to the Japanese, and thus to
weaken the Japanese army before the
real contest is begun where Russia is
supreme.
While the Koreitz w&a going about,
the Japanese launched a torpedo which
passed astern, and then the captain
ordered "quarters" sounded. The Jap
anese launched another torpedo, but it
was only when a third torpedo was
seen coming directly for the Koreltz's
beam that the command was given to
open fire, and two shots were fired.
The third torpedo sank just before
reaching the Koreitz.'
The officer's letter also says that
when next day the captain of the Brit
ish cruiser Talbot, at the request of
the captain of the Russian cruiser Var-
Jag, asked the Japanese Admiralty why
the Koreitz had been attacked, he re
plied that war had been declared at 2
o'clock the day before.
then decided to put back into the har
bor, v .
PARIS, March 29.— The removal by
(he Russian authorities of British and
American flags at .Newchwang is caus
ing a lively discussion in the press here.
The general opinion supports: Russia's
right to administer Newchwang mill-
FRANCE SIDES WITir ALLY.
LONDON. March 29.— The British
Government has no- intention of pro
testing against the Russian action in
declaring martial law at Newchwang.
An endeavor will be made in the ordi
nary way and after, the cessation of
hostilities to secure compensation for
such British merchants as are pecu
niarily affected. It has not yet been
decided whether the British Consul will
remain at Newchwang, but this is not
considered of serious importance. It
is pointed out at the Foreign Office that
neither the United States nor Great
Britain ever considered Newchwang
neutral, and when Secretary Hay's note
was received it was tacitly admitted
that Newchwang might quite likely be
one of the points of a Japanese attack
and the Russians are considered quite
within their rights in taking the neces
sary steps to prevent possible Japanese
aggression. . *%'"'..
At the Japanese legation the Rus
sian proclamation of martial law at
Newchwang was believed to- be rather
favorable to Japan than otherwise, as
it eliminates any protest on the part
of the other powers In the event of an
attack on Newchwang by Vice Admiral
Togo. American, German and other
diplomatic circles here- agree with the
British view that there is no ground
for complaint. against Russia! Several
of the afternoon papers, however, bit
terly attack Viceroy. A lex left's procla
mation and demand that Great'Britain
and the United States forcibly: protest
against it.*
A correspondent of the Times at
Newchwang, cabling under yesterday's
date, says: "The Russians to-day or
dered ? the American flag on the'cor
respondents' mess to be hauled down.'
The proclamation of martial law^com
pletely paralyzed the whole commerce
of this port."
The Chinese Minister to-day notified
Secretary Hay that Prince Pulin, the
Imperial Chinese Minister to the
World's Fair, would sail to-morrow for
his post from Yokohama.
BRITAIN NOT OFFKNDED.
However, the. State Department has
determined to move with the utmost
circumspection and deliberation in
taking any action or lodging any pro
test which might convey the impres
sion that the United States was in
jecting itself Into the present struggle
without the" most pressing necessity.
In fact, it is stated that it is the in
tention to let matters run along for a
while, in order to allow actual experi
ence to determine whether America's
interests really suffer from any of the
acts taken by either of the belliger
ents in Manchuria as a result of these
various notices and proclamations.
Part of this policy is to_ refrain from
hurrying to their posts Cheshire juid
Davidson, . the American Consuls to
Mukden and Antung, respectively.
Mukden is an armed camp and An
tung is in the very vortex of the war,
and it is realized here that it might
be embarrassing to the belligerents to
have foreign Consuls newly located
there, especially as their coming could
not be defended «n the ground of trade
necessity, for there is no trade at pres
ent between these towns and the United
States.
Nor does Conger refer to the report
ed notice from the Russian authorities
at Newchwang to the Consuls that
they may no longer exercise consular
Jurishdlction and consular functions,
especially extraterritorial Jurisdiction.
It ts said that if any such action has
been taken it will raise a very serious
question for the Consuls to exercise
their power in this treaty port under
treaty stipulation with a sovereign
power which is not a party to the war.
It is not recalled, moreover, that It
has been customary in time of war for
a belligerent to undertake to deprive
Consuls of their functions.
HAY ACTS WITH CAUTION".
TIENTSIN, March 29.— A Frenchman
named Kreautlar, an employe of the
Russo-Chinese Bank, has been ap
pointed French Consular Agent at
Newchwang. He has hoisted the
French flag over the bank buildings,
it Is considered probable that this is a
forerunner of a movement to fly the
tricolor over all the Russian Govern
ment buildings at Newchwang.
WASHINGTON, March 29.— Minister
Conger has cabled the State Depart
ment from Peking that the Russian
authorities have declared martial law
at Newchwang, and have formally
notified all foreigners.
Conger's message makes no reference
to the reported hauling down of for
eign flags by the Russians. The offi
cials here assume that if this has been
done it simply means that Russia has
assumed the responsibility for the pro
tection of foreign property belonging
to the belligerents, and that no effort
will be made to interfere with the
consular flags.
It is also ju>inted out that Russia
save notice W the foreign governments
before laying 'torpedoes, in the harbor
of Newchwang and gave notice also of
pther defensive measures. It is main
tained that, since this brought no pro
test, Russia's' right to adopt all the
necessary defensive measures is con
ceded. ¦ J
tartly. TheftlUl*&n finbnHsy points out
that the n*groUaU"ua following the pro
press of s«cvr*tar>* Hay'n note on China
left Manchuria within the zone of mili
tary operations ntul they say that the
substitution of inllltnry for civil au
thority followed ns» a result of a mili
tary regime in Manchuria. W0'
Continuing, the Minister of Marine
declared that the revival of martial
spirit at Port Arthur since the arrival
there of Vice Admiral Makaroft was
apparent and he expressed the hope
that the Russians would emerge bold
ly from the harbor and attack the
Japanese fleet.
The House unanimously adopted a
resolution encouraging the Govern
ment, praising the navy and pledging
Itself to spare no cost in the prosecu
tion of the war.
"Slightly wounded — Lieutenant Ma
eaki. Engineer Kurita and six sailors.
• "The remainder were safely taken
in by our torpedo-boat destroyer flo
tilla, and torj>edo-boat flotilla.
"Of the torpedo flotilla the Oa
<!aka and the Tsubame, while escort-
Ing* the bottling-up squadron and at
about one mile from the entrance of
Port Arthur, engaged in a fight with
one destroyer of the enemy and In
flicted serious damage to her. The
fnemy'n ship retreated, raiding an
f-normous column of steam, as if her
boiler was broken.
"Wh^n all the members of the bot
tling up squadron had been taken In
and our boats withdrew to the out
side of the harbpr a ship, which ap
peared like one of the enemy"*, was
seen at the foot of Golden Hill, ut
terly incapable of action.
"Although both our destroyer flo
tilla and torpedo-boat flotilla were
subjected to terrific flrine from . the
enemy until dawn, not the slightest
damage was done to any of the
boat*."
DIITT REARS TOGO'S REPORT.
TOKIO. March 29. — Admiral Baron
Yamamoto, Minister of Marine, read
Vice Admiral Togo's account of the
sixth Japanese attack upon Port Ar
thur in the lower house of the Japan
ewe Diet this afternoon. The report
was' received with tremendous ap
plauee.
Admiral Yamnmoto referred feel
ingly, to the heroic death of an officer
who was killed in the engagement and
dwelt upon the great difficulty of
"bottling up" Port Arthur effectively.
He said that this project was still far
from completion.
"Killed — Commander Hirose Takeo,
one und'T officer and two sailors.
- "Seriously wounded — Sub-lieutenant
Fhimaga.
The casualties were as follows
"The result of the action being as
above described, there is some space
Ifft between the Hachi-Hiko and the
Yoneyama Maru. It Is a matter of
regret that the roadstead could not be
completely closed up.
XAVAL OFFICER KILLED
"The steamer Chiyo Maru, an
chored at a position about half a cable
from the Golden Hill, blew up itself
and sank. The Fukui Maru passed
a little ahead of the Chiyo Maru, by
its left side, and at the moment when
line was laying her anchor was shot
by a torpedo from the enemy's de
stroyers and sunk In that position.
The Hachi-HIko Maru anchored to
the' left of the Fukui Maru and blew
up h'.-rself and sunk. The Yoneyaxna
Maru; colliding with the stern of one
of the enemy's torpedo-boat destroy
ers, passed by the others and an
chored in the roadstead. At this nio
'ment the ship was shot by a torpedo,
*ae carried toward the left side shore
•and sunk sidewaj'5.
"About 3:20 a- m. of the 27th of
March the bottling up squadron, com
posed of four ship*, escorted by a tor
pedo-boat destroyer flotilla and a tor
pedo-boat flotilla, reaching the outside
of Port. Arthur and without minding
the searchlights of the enemy, steered
utraigrnt toward the entrance of the
harbor. At about two marine leagues
from the entrance the bottling up
squadron was discovered by the en
emy. Thereupon the shore batteries
and Euardships showered a hot fire
on the squadron, but in spite of the
terrific fire the ships made their way
into the' Interior roadstead, one after
the other.
WASHINGTON*. March 29. — The
Japanese legation haa received from
Tokio the following report made by
Admiral Togo respecting the second
attempt to bottle up the Port Arthur
squadron:
LIAOYANG, March 29. — Southern
Manchuria is reported to be quiet. An
enormous movement of troops is
In progress and trains are arriv
ing several times daily. General
Linevitch has received a telegram
from General Kuropatkin expressing
satisfaction that so well trained a sol
dier is with the army, saying:
"May God help you to carry out
the most difficult part of the problem.
I will be very happy if I find on my
arrival that you will. remain with the
army, which so firmly believes in you.
until the greatest danger Is past."
In the rear of Bidnevo fifty Cossacks
encountered a strong band of Chinese
bandits and charged upon them, kill
ing twenty-eight and capturing six.
Three Cossacks were killed and six
wounded.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 30.— A
correspondent of the Novosti at Liao
yang. under yesterday's date, report;?
that the Japanese have moved on the
Yalu River and that a conflict be
tween them and the Russians is ex
pected about April 2.
The Harbin correspondent of the
Russky Videmosti explodes the re
cent report that three Japanese ' of
ficers were hanged for attempting to
blow up the Sungari bridge, on the
trans-Siberian Railroad.
The Ministry of Finance denies
that it has dispatched agents abroad
to negotiate a loan, and says that
therefore there is no foundation for
the rumors that such agents have un
successfully attempted to enter nego
tiations for this purpose with foreign
bankers.
I was warned not to proceed north,
where. the cavalry has been ordered to
stop all correspondents. ; I . have been
frequently stopped on the street' with
a curt question as to my business. My
answer "American newspaper" always
finds a smiling greeting and an evi
dent desire to fraternize'.
r~«
CZAR WILL SEND
NAVAL EXPERT TO
ASSIST MAKAROFF
AH houses at Chemulpo have been
commandeered and It was only by the
courtesy of Colonel Matsuishi that 'I
established headquarters here.
The telegraphs, previously nominally
in the control of the Koreans,, have
now been taken by the Japanese,
whose strict censorship results In the
mutilation and delay and refusal of
messages."
CHEMULPO, (via Shanghai), March
29. — The ice ha« broken in the harbor,
permitting the entry of a large fleet
of Japanese transports, chiefly laden
with supplies. Immediately five boat
bridges were thrown over the shallow
water from the harbor's edge and the
landing of the Second Division, other
wise the Imperial Guard, the cream of
the Japanese army, commenced.
Hitherto comparatively few troops have
reached here, but preparations point
to an early landing 'of a great force.
Some of the Imperial Guards have set
out for Anju and others for Pingyang,
where the troops are* massing.
The trans-Pacific liner Hongkong
Maru, having a . maximum speed of
nineteen knots, la now lying at Che
mulpo, fitted as an auxiliary cruiser,
mounting five-inch guns at bow and
stern. Her sides bristle with rapid fire
guns and one-pounders, making her a
formidable commerce destroyer. .
IMPERIAL GUARD LANDS.
Cruising immediately outside the
harbor and for ten miles along the
coast are twenty wan-hips, mostly
small boats, guarding against a rear
attack. I am informed that the original
plan was to land an army at Mesam
pho, in Southern Korea, but the de
struction of the Russian shirs at
Chemulpo permitted the first landing
there. Japan's later naval successes
now permit a landing at Chemulpo and
possibly even farther north.
HOPES TO KNTRAP ItUSSIAXS.
There are no Russians now south of
the Anju River, and it is estimated
that there are not more than 5000 Rus
sians between the Chengcheng and
Yalu rivers.
General Sasaka hopes to land a suf
ficient force at the mouth of the Yalu
to cut off the retreat of these troops.
Then the Japanese objective will be the
Manchurian city of Pongwangsang,
sixty miles north of the Yalu, which is
an important strategic- point.
CHE.VAMPHO (via Shanghai), March
29. — Nineteen transports are now here
discharging troops and a half-dozen
more transports arrive, discharge and
leave dally. Landing continuously, day
and night, N the troops Immediately go
either to Plngyang *>r, in open boats, to
a more northern port, probably the
mouth of Chengcheng River. Prince
Kanin, who was educated in the Rus
sian cavalry school, landed to-day and
went on to Pingyang to take charge of
the Imperial Guard Cavalry. They are
well mounted, good horsemen and far
superior to the other Japanese cavalry.
The troops landed thus far consist of
the First, Second and Fourth provi
sional divisions; al.°o the Imperial body
guard.
Special Cable to The Call •nd New York Her
ald. Copyright. l»04. by the New York Her
ald Publishing Company.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 19C4, by/the New York Her
ald Publishing Company. >
Heavy Russian Fire Does No
Damage to the Attack
ing Flotilla.
Famed Imperial Guard of
the Mikado Is Going to
Rebellion in Hermit King
dom Will Follow Victory
by Kuropatkin.
United States and Other Neutral Powers Will Not Pro
f test Against Russia's, Proclamation of Martial
Law in Newchwang.
Cossacks and Chinese Ban
dits Fight on the Man
churian Border.
Enormous Additions to the
Slav Forces on Korean
Frontier.
Reported Hanging of Three
Japanese Officers Is
Proved False.
Hope to Cut Off the Retreat
of Russians South of
Yalu River.
One Japanese Xaval Com
mander Killed in the
Combat.
Says the Entrance to the
Harbor Is Partly
Blocked.
Troops Landed at Chenam
pho Proceed Northward
in Open Boats.
Russians in Force North and
Japanese South of the
Chengcheng.
Russians Expect Decisive
Conflict to Occur About
April 2.
TOCO TELLS
OF FIGHT AT
PORT ARTHUR
Neither the United States nor Great Uriiulu U illsp«w«l to protest ugruiiist the Uiis.slan proclamation
of martial law at Xewchwang. It is tacitly tutmltttHt that Xt-wcliwanc is properly uiUiin the war area and
that Hii-mIh Is justiiied In taking "measure* fur it- defend, hi view of the intention of the Japanese to at
tempt the capture of the place. Ku^ia's action who relieves Jnpan of the embarrassment of attacking a
town whose status as neutral or belligm'JU W»i in'tJOUuU
The IlrKt land engagement of consequence since the war between Russia and Japan waa begun has
been fought ut Chongju, »v town northwest of Pingyang, the Japanese base on the western slope of Korea,
during Uie advance toward the Ynln. While the forces engaged .were not large, both infantry and cavalry
were brought into play. The Russians made a Qcrco attack upon the town, which was gallantly held by
tlic .lupniiiM' and rvcntunlly the Russian commander withdrew his forces when reinforcements for the
town's defenders appeared in sight. The Russian loss, according to an official . report to the Czar, was three
killed nnd fifteen wounded, while the Japanese report their loss as two killed and twelve wounded.
An interesting review of land operations In Korea develops the fact that, In addition to the armies
that face one -another on the Yalu, both " Hii&du and .Japan have large forces advancing through, East
ern Korea, the former descending from the north in two bodies nnd the latter advancing -northward from a
point of debarkation on the eastern coast of the. "hermit kingdom." Besides her Korean armies, Japan
has landed many troops on the islands off the coast of l.tnotuns Peninsula, whence they will ultimately
proceed to attempt the capture of XcwcliwtuiB ami an entire army corps In stationed at Japanese sea
ports ready to be dispatched to the mainland whon the Toklo tacticians decide upon the most effective
j>olnt for its oi»eratlons. It Is believed to be. Jtuwm's Intention to land a force in the rear of Uie/Rus
tilnnn on the Yalu.
JAPAN PLANS
REAR ATTACK
UPON ENEMY
FOES' ARMIES
KEPT APART
BY A RIVER
SUMMARY OF THE CALL'S WAR NEWS.
BROWN ARMY
ADVANCING TO
STRIKE BLOW
GREAT BATTLE WILL BE FOUGHT NEAR THE YALU RIVER WITHIN A WEEK
THE SAN KKANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, V. MARCH JJO, 1004.
The bonds. of the Philippine Islands
are Quoted higher than British consols.
\ SAN JOSE. March 21).— Artlclei Incor
porating the Uolden Weet Distilling Company
Were filed here to-day. Its purpose la to «•
ttblUh a large distillery here and to manu
facture brandy and alcohol from wine and
fruits, and to engagre In all kinds of business
pertaining to distilling:. The capital stock of
the corporation Is |200,000, divided Itito 20,000
Ahaxcs. ¦
CADIZ, Spain, March 29. — The Rus
sian "protected cruiser Aurora and a
torpedo-boat have arrived here. A
number of warships, . believed to be
Russian," have been sighted in - the
Straits of. Gibraltar. *
Warships. Sighted Off Gibraltar.
Dress suit cases, traveling: rolls,
trunks, valises, combs, brushes, lap tab
lets, pocketbooks. card cases, bill books
cameras, and toilet articles. All fine
leather poods, lettered in gold • free of
charge. Best goods and - lowest prices.
6an born. Vail & Co.; 7U Market et. ?•
Traveler's Outfit*.
BOSTOX, March 29.— Wallace J. Ham, for
(herly manager of th« American Surety Com
pany of yew York, and who pleaded irulUy
to embezzling. nearly 1250. OlX>, wag to-day sen
tenced to ssrv§ not less than fifteen nor more
than twenty years In the Bute Prison at hard
labor. . . ... ¦ -,* -
VICTORIA, March 29. — It is re
ported that the vessels of the.. British
naval squadron on this stations have
received orders from* the. Admiralty
to cancel their quarterly practice fir
ing with the light and heavy guns, re
serve their . ammunition • and ' hold
themselves in readiness for instant or
ders to sail for a distant quarter, pre
sumably Chinese waters. The cruisers
therefore are- remaining in or very
near Esquimau harbor. — -
4
Invalids and children, even the most
delicate, use them with marked ben-
efit, as they contain no strong. Irri-
tating drugs, no cathartic nor any
harmful ingredient.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the
most Bucceasful and most, widely
known of any remedy for stomach
troubles because It is the most rea-
sonable and scientific of modern med-
icines.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold
by every druggist In the United States
and Canada, as well as in Great Bri-
tain, at 50 cents for complete- treat-
ment.
Nothing further is required to cure
any stomach trouble or to make thin,
nervous, dyspeptic people strong,
plump and well.
But the trouble is that while we eat
enough and generally too much, the
stomach, from abuse and overwork,
does not properly digest and assimilate
it, which is the reason eo many peo-
ple remain thin and under weight
the digestive organs do not complete-
ly digest the flesh v forming beefsteak
and eggs and similar wholesome food.
There are thousands of such .who
are really confirmed dyspeptics, al-
though they may have no particular
pain ' or inconvenienge . from their
stomachs.
If such persons would lay their
prejudices aside and make a regular
practice of taking, after each meal,
one or two of Stuart's Dyspy^sia Tab-
lets the food would be quickly and
thoroughly digested, because these
tablets contain the natural peptones
and dlastate which every. weak stom-
ach lacks, and by supplying this want
the stomach is soon enabled to regain
its natural tone and visor.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets digest
every form of flesh forming- food,
meat, eggsf bread and potatoes, and
this Is the reason they so quickly build
up, strengthen and invigorate' thin,
dyspeptic men, women and children.
Common sense would suggest that
if one wishes to become lleshv and
plump it can only result from the food
we eat and digest and that food
should be albuminous of flesh forming
food, like eggs, beefsteak and cereals;
In other words the kinds of food that
make flesh are the foods which farm
the greater part of our daily bills of.
fare.
Uiit It Has Proven of Interest ami
Value to Thousands.
ONLY A -SUGGESTION.
ADVERTISEMENTS.It was a Scotsman— as might have
been guessed — who founded the. first
real , newspaper in .Japan, just over
thirty years ago. Like many other Eu
ropean inventions, it seemed- to meet
a "felt want," so that In 1894 there had
come into existence as many as 814
newspapers . and magazines, " with ' a
combined circulation of • more than a
third of a million copies. It may fur
ther be noted ! that, despite appear
ances, the "yellow, press" would be. a
misnomer, in this connection. The Ja
panese papers, , or most of '.them,;; have
been distinguished for their moderation
and ! self-control in the present crisis. —
London Dally Chronicle.
The Press of Japan.
i Bogardus had a unique history. He
j was born ln Rochester, N. Y., about
sixty years ago and on, the death of
his wife became an Inveterate traveler.
"Old Bogy." as he had been fa
miliarly known for a quarter of a
century, had worked In every tele
graph office of importance in the
United States, Canada and Mexico.
He Is said to have crossed the con
tinent from coast to coast and from
Mexico City to Manitoba more than a
hundred times.
CHICAGO. March 29. — Henry A.
Bogardus. perhaps the most widely
known telegraph operator in Amer
ica, is dead here in a sanitarium.
Henry A. Bogardus Dead.
Wile in Montana last summer Wil
liam Lovelace had an opportunity to
see the famous herd of buffaloes on
the Flathead reservation. This herd is
300 in number and is Quite the lar
gest herd in captivity in the world.
Some thirty years ago a ragged, bare
footed half breed named Peblo arrived
at, the' reservation and went to work
for 'wages until he was able to get
a small start in the «stock business.
Fifteen years later he purchased 40
head of buffaloes from Buffalo Bill
at a low figure, and from that be
ginning his herd has grown to Its
present^ size.
He finds a good market for the ani
mals at $500 apiece: showmen, me
nageries, city and . private parks- be
ing his principal customers. The herd
roams at will on a range ten miles
square and are constantly under the
watchful eye of a cowboy, who counts
and examines them daily.
Many tourists visit the place, some
traveling many . miles for the express
purpose of seeing this unusual sight.
Besides his buffaloes Mr. Peblo has
large-herds of cattle and horses and is
now very Wealthy.— Chemawa Amer
ican. ' . -
Montana Buffaloes.
* • ? and the stewing and , frying
of the drug and the gurgling of the
Juices fn the stem would well-nigh
turn the stomach of a statue. John
likes it. though; it soothes him. he takes
about two dozen whiffs, and then rolls
over to dream. Heaven only knows
what, for we could not imagine by
looking at the soggy creature. Possi
bly in his visions he travels far away
from the gross World and his regular
washing, and feasts on * succulent • rats
and birds' nests in Paradise. — New York
Globe. ...
The decision of the British Govern
ment to admit Chinese coolie labor in
South Africa, has led some of the Lon
don papers to draw on some early
writings of Mark Twain for alluring
pictures of John Chinaman when, his
day's labors in the mines done, he will
give himself up. to his favorite pastime.
Mr. Clemens, it will be remembered,
years ago, when a young reporter on
the Virginia City Enterprise, wrote a
series of articles describing the Chinese
quarter in tfiat city. Very vividly he
pictured the scenes in the small cooped
up dens, unlighted save by the sickly,
guttering tallow candle, where barely
outlined in the gloom could be seen
"two or three yellow, long-tailed vaga
bonds coiled up in a sort of truckle-bed
smoking opium, motionless and with
their lusterless ?yes turned inward,
from excess of satisfaction."
Coolie Labor for Transvaal.
PARIS, March 29. — The United
States leads in the first evening's play
of the billiard match at/eighteen-lnch
balk line, two shots iny William P.
Foss, amateur billiard champion of
the United States, having scored 400
points to 338 made by the French
amateur champion, Lucien Rerolls.
The match was played In the salon of
the. Automobile Club. Foss led
throughout, but his opponent made
the best run of the evening, scoring
129 points to 73, the highest number
of points made by Foss.
American Billfardlst Wins.
The maximum trainload; on the
Trans-Siberian Railway Is 500 ton3; in
America 2300 net tons. ,:«_..<
LONG BEACH, Cal., March 29. —
Professor George Conant, a promi
nent educator of Pasadena, died here
this morning. His remains will be
taken to Pasadena to-morrow.
Prominent Educator Dies.
President Mrs. Alma I. Jensen of the
California Assembly paid official visits
recently to the lodges ln Crockett, Con
cord and Dixon, and found the mem
bership of each enthusiastic in regard
to the approaching reception to be ten
dered the Sovereign Grand Lodge. At
each place there was an exemplification
of t'he work, and in each instance the
distinguished visitor was the special
guest at a supper. She also officially
visited Vacaville Lodge March 24, Da
vlsville Lodge on • the 25th and will
make visits as follows: To Amity
Lodge, San Francisco, April 2; Madrona
Rebekahs.
W r ATSONVILLE. March 29.— P. J.
Friermuth, a prominent merchant of
this city, died this afternoon, aged 52
years. He leaves five children and an
estate worth $150,000.
Watsonvillc Merchant.
Lodge, St. Helena, 8th; DavlsviH*
Lodge, 9th; Phebe Clay Lodge. Capay.
13th; Woodland Lodge the 14th and
Elmhurst Lodge the 23d.
The visit of .the president at Vaca
ville was added to by the presence of
Mrs. Mary E. Donoho, the secretary of
the assembly. The secretary was a
member of that lodge when she was a
resident of Vacaville. and her visit, an
unexpected one, was made a most
pleasant one for her. as well as for the
president.
Assembly No. 1 at its meeting on the
second Wednesday in March had sev
eral applicants, who were obligated,
after which there was an hour of social
entertainment. At a guessing game
Walter Neat Brunt won a prize, and at
a game of whist Banker Jones was the
winner. - Mrs. M. C. Kuykendall has
been elected sergeant of the assembly,
vice the one first chosen, who had to
resign by reason of removal from the
city.
Supreme President Duden of the Lin
coln Annuity has returned from Los
Angeles, where he laid the foundation
for an assembly of the order.
This order now has six assembles—
four in California and two in Oregon.
Applications have been received to es
tablish assemblies In Texas and Ten
nessee. - .;?' , . ;
The Oakland Assembly at its meeting
last week had a class of strangers to
Initiate.
Lincoln Annuity.
The deceased was a native of Hol
land and at the time of her death was
66 years of age. She was the mother
of George F. Neece of this city and
Mrs. C. A. Tabor of Seattle, Wash.
She was a sister of Mrs. Anne Strein
ing and the late Captain John Bar
rington, an old resident of this city.
Among the floral pieces was one
sent by Oakland Lodge No. 171,
Benevolent and Protective Order of
Elks, of which her -son, George F.
Neece, is a member. -\. . r
Mrs. Neece came to California in
1852 and settled in Grass Valley.
Shortly afterward she married Abra
ham Neece and the couple removed to
Santa Rosa, where Mr. Neece was ap
pointed postmaster, a position he held
for many years. After residing for a
number of years in Santa Rosa Mrs.
Neece came to Oakland, where she
has since made her home. Her hus
band built and for many years was
the proprietor of the Grand Hotel at
Santa Rosa.
OAKLAND, March 29. — Mrs. Caro
line Neece, a pioneer woman of
California, who for many years had
resided in Oakland, died Sunday at
the King's Daughters' Hospital after
a long illness and the funeral was held
to-day from McCarthy's undertaking
parlors, the remains being sent to
Santa Rosa for interment in, the fam
ily plat, the deceased having resided
at that place for many years.
Mrs. Caroline Necce, Mother of Lead
ing Lodgeuian, Parses Away.
.Premier McBride said this afternoon
that he believed the'Dominion Govern
ment was more amenable to certain in
fluences at or near Ottawa than to the
earnest appeals of the chosen repre
sentatives of the people of British Co
lumbia. He says the measure will be
re-enacted. His references to, influ
ences is taken to mean the Japanese
Consul at Ottawa.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 29. — The
Dominion Government has again dis
allowed two acts of the British Colum
bia Legislature which deal with the
Asiatic immigration into this province
and the employment of Chinese ln coal
mines. Both measures were passed in
the session just ended.
Year after year British Columbia has
re-enacted the measure restricting
Asiatic immigration, the act being
framed on the Natal act, and as often
has the Dominion Government vetoed
it. The act prohibits the landing in the
province of persons who cannot read or
write in. a language of Europe. The
latest re-enactment Is a still closer copy
of the Natal act. Its provisions being
more sweeping than those of the former
act.
DEATH OF PIONEER WOMAN'.
MANISTIQUE, Mich., March 29. —
Frank E. Manson, a member of the
ill fated Arctic expedition commanded
by De Long, is dead at his home here.
Rear Admiral George W. Melville is
now the sole survivor of the expedi
tion.
De Long Expedition Member Dead.
Congressman Harrison of New York
City, died here to-night, aged 65
years. Death resulted from a general
breakdown, due partly to old age.
During the war Harrison was Jeffer
son Davis' private secretary, remain
ing with him in the relation almost of
a son as well as of a secretary to the
end of the war. He shared in the cap
ture of Davis rather than forsake his
fortunes at their fall.
Japanese Consul at Ottawa
Supposed to Be Busy in
the Immigration Line
One Hundred Box Couches for Sale.
This week at Pattosien s retiring sale,
corner Sixteenth and Mission streets,
one hundred box couches with full
spring edges and patent lifter. Uphol
stered in fine Oriental tapestries. Regu
lar price 522.00; sale price $13.25. •
FIGHT OX ASIATIC LAB0K
Dominion Government Once
Move Rejects Acts of Brit
ish Columbia's Legislature
BUTTE, Mont., March 29. — Federal
Judge Hiram Knowles to'-day an
nounced that he would send in his
resignation some time ln April and
that as soon as his successor had been
named would retire from the bench.
Judge Knowles has been on the bench
since Montana was admitted into the
Union as a State in 1889. He reached
the age of retirement nearly a y»ir
ago".
Montana Judge to Retire.
l-'nrmrr Commits Suicid<
ST. HEI.ENA fc March 29. — Joseph
S' hmidt. a farmer, who has resided
tv. o mll^s gr>uth of town, committed
suicide at his home this # morning by
shooting himseff with a shotgun. The
tragedy was c.mmir.te*d while Schmidt
was temporarily iriteane! Despondency
, nu^d by financial reverses is supposed
i-i be lti" faus°. Deceased leaves a
widow and three children.
PREMIER HINTS
AT "INFLUENCE"
SACRAMENTO, March 29. — Short
ly after" midnight Clint Fagan, other
wise known as Noodles, the champion
newsboy, was held up by highway
men and robbed on the public street.
Fagan was in the company of his wife
at the time. He had been given a re
ception to-night by the newsboys of
Sacramento and had been Introduced
to an audience of over 1500 persons
by Rev. C. L. Mlel. rector of St. Paul's
Episcopal Churcn. Following the
meeting he was taken in charge by
the newsboys and marched through
the streets. ; : V.I-A.
/ Fagan was given a 'special invita
tion later on to attend with his wife
the ball of a fraternal society at Pyth
ian Castle. He was returning from
this ball to his hotel when he was
held up within a block of the city's
plaza by two .highwaymen, who pre
sented revolvers and demanded valu
ables. The robbers secured from Fa
gan the sum of $61, together with a
ticket to Boston.
Glint Fns:an Is Attacked by Masked
Men and RelieTed of His
Valuables.
CHAMPION NEWSBOY
ROBBED IN SACRAMENTO
"A room hung with pictures is a room
hung with thoughts." So in making a
gift 'tis well to remember this and pre
sent your friends a lasting thought.
Beautiful framed pictures are now betnK
shown by Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
Beautify Your Home,
Five of her ten children are' still
living. They are Edward Allen of San
Francisco, Thomas and William Allen
of Monterey and Mrs. David Wallace
and Mrs. C. M. Tucker of Salinas. It
was at the home of the latter that
she djed, having gone there some
months ago in expectation of the end.
MONTEREY. March 29.— Mrs. Jane
Allen, one of the oldest pioneer resi
dents-of the State and who brought to
Monterey the first frame house ever
put up in .California, died at an early
hour this morning in Salinas.
Mrs. Allen, who was a native of Eng
land and. who had gone to Australia
in her youth, came to Monterey with
her husband in 1849. the couple bring
ing with them a* house, "constructed in
portable sections from a hard Aus
tralian woodland which had been the
family residence to 'the present day.
Her husband dying" shortly after she
came here, Mrs. Allen became the sole
support of her young children, adding
to the money she earned by doing
•needlework by renting a part of her
house. Among her tenants were two
men who. within a short time after
taking rooms with Mrs. Alien, robbed
the custom-house .her.e of $30,00n. This
money they hid beneath a stairway
in the house, where it was discov
ered by Mrs. Allen, and she at con
siderable risk to herself notified the
officers of the fact in time to effect
the recovery of the money and the cap
ture of the thieves.
liny Wh***e Parents Live, in the Na
tional Capital Disaprjfears From
San Rafael.
•SAN° RAFAEL, March* 29.— William
Arkfll To 0 mr>kins of Washington. D. C,
la n-As&r.fz. He ."is -a -Jadef at the
HiVrhcock Militery 'Academy "in this
city arjd has not bee^i seen sine* '.ftst
night. ° Head Master Hitchcock of the
ncTdprny <ff°poPtfd the. farts. to the ati
ihcritieseher* to-day and Sheriff Tay
lor has detailed" men on the case.
Young: Topipkins is l*4.>v=ars old and
has tysen <a student, at th" sch.ool for
j-'uno "rim*. Th^ boy was known to^
tsare had a ronsiflerable amount 'of*
iri^'Aey, r**r* > iv«>d frrwn. hts'-f.ithr.r' sev- j
t»r;;l days aco. Wn^tiiPr the lad ran
a?,iv cr wnsokidt-r.-iped^is not known.
STJL'DEVT WITH MONEY
,°oMISSI>GcFROM ACADEMY
DEATH CLOSES
THE CAREER OF
PIONEER WOMAN
Yesterday Darton received a letter
from his son informing him that
there was no possibility of a compro
mise being effected. He thereupon
decided to give himself up.
George Darton, former County
Clerk of Lucas County, Ohio, who, ac
cording to his own statement, is want
ed in Toledo for embezzling $ 1100
belonging to the county, surrendered
to the police at 1 o'clock this morn
ing.
Darton. who Is more than 60 years
of age, told Lieutenant Burnett that
he left Toledo on October 27, coming
directly to San Francisco. He has
been here since, while his son has
been trying: to square the case with
the Ohio authorities.
Agvd Goorgc Darton, Wanted in To
ledo, Ohio, Gives Himself Up to
the Authorities.
ABSCONDING COUNTY CI.KKK
SURRENDERS TO POLICK
would make -a stand there and went
S.Iore to the relatives, who at first pro
fes^ed innocence of Roberts' where
abouts. ' but after reasoning with the
officer for a few minutes admitted that
the hur.ted man was near by.
McFadden, who has been acquainted
r. ith TlobertB ' and his relatives for
5 ears.° argKied his personal friendship
and the futility of resistance. A truce
was arranged and the officer and
weary fugitive came to terms of abso
lute surrender. Roberts was prepared
to desperately defend himself in Cor
cr>zst's •> *"arn, but the presence of -his
Fist»?r and her children and others un
reryed him'. He was brought to the
;ail in'San Luis O"bispo, but will not
talk of his crime; Lewelling. who was
Fhof through the lung?, is expected to
die ft any? time. The buflet was remov
ed from his back, but : the physicians
fccid little hope.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March :9.—
George Roberts, who shot Night
\yatchmsn. Henry L«welling at Arroyo
Graccle Monday 'afternoon, surrendered
•without a fight to Deputy Sheriff Mc-
Ffcdden at the house of Roberts' sister,
f*o miles east of Oceano, at 10 o'clock
tfcis forenoon.
' Vantage points which it was .pre
sumed the fugitive might seek were
watched by the officers during the
night. At daylight Roberts' tracks
were easily followed, he- having a pair
ot high-heeled boots. After having
traveled upward of ten miles in the
soft rnesa the officers came to the vi
cjr.lty of^ the -home of Manuel S. Cor
doza\ RoVns- 1 brother-in-law, McFad
den shrewdly guessed that Roberts
Menling & Lockwood, ths promoters
of the road, are said to have interested
all the capital necessary for Its con
struction. The Alviso road has a fran
chise in this city from the corner of
Market and James streets up St. James
street to Second, thence north on Sec
ond street to Taylor and on Taylor
street to First. At the edge of the
city limits the railway follaws the Al
viso road for a short distance and
then goes along a private right of way.
The landing of the road will be a cou
ple of miles from Alviso at deep water
on the bay. A town will be laid out,
and there will be enough water at lenv
tide to permit large ships to dock. A
line of fast steamers will connect with
the electric railway there to carry
freight and passengers to San Fran
cisco. A branch of the railway will
run from Alviso to Palo Alto, and an
other branch to Milpitas.
A rumor has it that the Haywards
electric line will build from Haywards
to connect with the branch running to
Milpitas. Then- with the construction
of an electric road from San Mateo to
Palo Alto there would be a complete
electric line from San Francisco to
Oakland, a distance of about 100 miles.
SAN JOSE, March 29.— Contracts for
the construction of the electric rail
way between this city and Alviso. with
a branch to Palo Alto, will be let in
a few days. A number of railroad
builders and contractors are in the city
figuring on the work. All doubt about
the building of the road is now re
moved.
Prisoner Listens to the
Appeals of His Sister and
Yields Without a Struggle
Beat Victims Wth Revolvers
Because They Refuse to
Surrender Keys to the Safe
Kong refused to deliver the key, and
the entire crowd began beating their
helpless victims on the head with their
revolvers. Suddenly the thieves took
fripht and fled.
It was not long before Police Offi
cers Attridge and Ament were attract
ed by the cries of the bcrund men and
released them. Both men were so se
verely cut and bruised about the head
and face that they were removed to
the Emergency Hospital for treatment.
Moi and Ah both say that the
men were all strangers to them and
that with one exception they could not
identify them.
Moi Kin Chong and Ah Kong, pro
prietors of a small merchandise store
at 704 Jackson street, were 'held up
by six or seven Chinese robbers just
before closing iip their store at mid
night last night. The thieves walked
into the store and asked one of the
proprietors to sell them a bottle of
gin. While he was getting it they
pulled out their revolvers and ordered
both the shopkeepers to throw up
their hands.
The robbers searched the pockets of
their victims and emptied the till, tak
ing about 575. Next they tied the pro
prietors to chairs and told them to
surrender the safe key.
Haywards Line May Connect
With the 31ilpitas Branch.
Boats to San Francisco
ERpPARES FOR A FIGHT
SECURE ONLY SMALL SUM
PLANS FOR TEinilXAL
Man Who Shot San Luis
Obispo Watchman Surren
ders When Sheriff Appears
Contracts Are Soon to Be Let
for Construction of Ele
tric Railway to Alviso
Gang of Highbinders flakes
a Raid on the Store of Moy
Kin Chong and Ah Quong
BIND AND ROB
TWO CHINAMEN
SAN JOSE'S NEW
ROAD ASSURED
FUGITIVE LOSES
NERVE AT LAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY; MARCH 30, 1904.
> Men are. known by their fruits and
not by their feelings.
WASHINGTON, March 29. — Bur
ton Norville Harrison, a lawyer of
New York, husband of Mrs. Burton
Harrison, the author, and father of
Barton X. Harrison Dead.
5
i ADVEBTISEMZ2TTS. *
' * *m*m~—^^rS^^^SSSSS^^^^^^^*^^ 1^*^
• THAT S MY PRICE FDR THIS
Excellent Knife.
Som* fcavo two. some have three
blades. Every blade is made of the
txrst • temper«i ste<el. They'll stand
war and you may depend on tbem
under any circumstances. Come with
burkrKirn handles. My price J<1 ,O<>.
Try one of my SPECIAL RAZORS
at SiT.no If you have an old Razor
T'li mak- you a liberal allowance on
a n^w one.
Razor Strops as low as itr>«*. Two
bars Williams' Shaving: Soap, 15«.
f/N^NVISITINCSr CAJ
IUUcaros^ QUH
COeerct MVLC5 AND 5»Zll ALSO
THATMANPlffs
1008 Maj-kot Street 'mSSvi
(iv.zn DR. JORDAN'S cnt.r
OF ANATOMY!
v SP ~«irASZi;sT.ut.e:t*;i.s.r.:ii.|
\ "df " r* I-«'j»«t *ri:r.m:fi! N!i;>.e^ni in rb»
ij _<#?:¦— w orld. Wnkuun or any cscuractd /
i. VtS £H •»¦ pmmt*lm*tj rmnrf ny the olden '
O ?f5 I 1 *** •¦ •>*« Coat Est. 56 years. O
4 i^Jy {• CB. JQRCAN-0ISEASE3 CF KEN A
0 ?• J&v£U Tr "» t »««t prr««B«l!y «w by letter. A O
1 \f 'n '¦"**•* rt< "« '= erery case imdrnikem. T
API 'l* V. "' h- E >';. rnil.S«Ul'BV of/) ;
V ' I ;l » BtimULK. MATLEIi rUE. ( A. ¥
f J ,'j r\ ..»: r bock for mm) \
V V,a i<»r.D*> <1< O . Ivl! iIarU»tst..S. F. 9
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GTJARAXrTEZX) CTJRE FOB DCEXT.
HAHKL^SS IHJECTIOH. Cures ordfnary
«.-:ista in a It* days. Warranted to cure
worst casrs. JffO OTHEB TEEATKEHT
REQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS COXTTAOXOir. Harm-
lf-ss. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
T. S. KTLLra FHARMtCTi 102 Eddy.
DDTTOUCC KOR BAHDERS. BA-
IJllUOnniO kers - bootblacks. twt»».
w— -•»«. bouses, billiard tabltn.
fcremw*. bookbinders, candy makers, cumfn.
AjrcrSi flour mills, foundries, laundries, -pai.-^r-
Iranrfrs. printers, painters. shoe factwLj-.
••laTjlenJT. tar-roofers, tannore. tailors, etc
BUCHASTAXT BROS.,
Brutb aiannfacturen, 609 Sacramento St.
K J)
MARKET ST.SI.^&T
fc' ° * * X
% Pass' Easter Easter DonH think of buying your Easter Hat uniu you Saieof Sale Sample 5
i Eva Dyes GarHs^ T Back Combs Waists J
J. 3c Package 2oto25oEach m _^ 27c Each *+~ \
H Pl£n colors and inter- Raphael Tuck*., E. P. X/7 ~ £f *r '• r«n «:», -1 ~i a k- &***wBmfi*0 *
«f esting picture effect,, the Dutton'sand all other &£,* S%<**^/L^ A- MM * *T^> Iaban Shell and Amber. ,j
j: best dyes made for Easter leading makes, in the new *± /WtV £ i I JtWI m 6 '^^ der S ns i hcaT 7 w S^ m ? 1 = hne of Whlte "5
J> eggs, and the cheapest; reg- ,904 effects. The diir- *$LW M £ G^KSMMtfl/ quality, test rlnL.h, «tra Waisw, from a good maker, *
tl ular 5c a package; special tiest Easter cards we have CALIFORNIA^ LARGEST- F Mill ~~ " P oli ' h i worth > cc and "S c "'? *" ri ,?^' n0TeI: 5 f da! "" X
* for Easter week .._ ever seen.- Immense as- • ___—- aW^B^*^ 0^^^ e-ch, to-day only «k and linenj, all 1 m 36. .J
* 3C sortmen- I^U^ya»* P "' AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORS £ f C Worth Uf> to $3.50. J
jf . ; ; - ; — I ! 1 r — : ' *
J^ If You Need a Good Serviceable With Cotton .Fabrics at a Premium -J
ti Dress, 1 Don't Aliss To-day's Sale and Hard to Get, We Offer To-Day x
$ 75c English Mohairs, 49c t2 l / 2 c Percales at 9c *
*>1 An extraordinary value are these English Alpacas am Mohiin at to-day's sa!e pric-. and And to-day only - A bargain worth your careful attention, for it is eitremely doubtrnl •*
?. we give a h'nt xn the wise — com: ear'.y— for «e havi less than a thousand yard* of them. They that we can duplicate it again very soon. 50C0 yards of full 36-inch percales, in rhe dainty %
% arc 45 inches wide, and come in cream, brown, gray, navy, tan, rrsela and Jg j|_ colorings ibr fin: waists, dresses, etc. (and the color of eyrrr one Is new and \
W rcyal. Thf> are stylish fabric?; sold leguariy at 75c vard'; our pric? tc-<ia. fcyjyg %P desirabie), genuin: i:,' : c p-r yard Jabrcs, your unreserved ch^icr, W;dnrj-Jay j^ \
K only . .'. • « n; y • • j»
I Great Before Easter Sale Stylish Ribbons \
%i This is the last day of the sale of a very handsome collection of plain and novelty satin and taffeta ribbons, including the new gold j»
& stripe effetts, in widths from 4^ to 5J4 inches. Never a prettier lot on sale in this town- x
% 35c, 4>3-inch satin taffeta, black 4Q-, 50c, 4^-inch black and white *p£Pg% 45c » 5^-inch dotted satins, for OO^» *
»f and colors; to-day, \ ard' - - ***** figured satins; to-day, yard " Ol ' millinery purposes; to-day, yd. J
% 45c, 5-inch English checks, col- OOj* 45 c 4>2-inch satin and taffeta *&£&*% ¦ 60<:» 4>^-inch dainty gold stripe OOj* •*
JC ored satin borders; to-day, yd. alternating stripe; to-day, yd. »•»«*' satins; to-day, yard - - '•9**^ m *y j{
I Among Our Absolutely Cor- ' I "1847" Silverware You Will Make Substantial |
S' ». , J -*_. c«.f A t*% n~%\r ¦ Savings Here on* Your 5
| rect Modes for Easter Are Olt Sale To-Day ESS^Gr MiWnGrV *
*' Suits at G2O <*25 Tea and Table Spoons, IfcrfdfCJr" MV3 S3 MlB3&*T m y x
X / **•• •«¦ mlfmm MJm m&*mnmM Forks Ladles etC etC Good ralue*, coupled with rhe very best styles that can be or are pro- £
% At $25— We Show this Closed out aaotL b^g lot of" the cdebraiei Roger J^'^J^' ** " eae "° f Ut1 ** "^^ "*" *
J sdsSM WCck a choicC collection Of Brcs.' '1847' " triple-plated, hlfhrst .grade tea and • fS^m^^g^Q^L^^I *
V SLZZS&MT , , 1 tab e srojns and torki a: a price which enables u; to j j : &*'lBtrtb&- y: •/ X
I *mm up-to-date dresses made » a than hal/ iar *£>'%?«* /^^^^^^^J *
S.' *JwL of etamines. serges, broadcloths p riees ' d! u"ar or dV-Vs %
i /**£?%^ f 2Dd n ° vdt - V mixturcs ( OnC -2.SS set of 6 Teaspoons to-day ..'.. $1.35 rrnWnerv can '£ /^^^S^^S^S^ *
>> /TfcllN^Wl st^' c J hown in picture), in J4.53 set of 6 Tablespooni, to-day . . .$2.7(1 found in onr newly &>t|^g5f|SffiKffli^^^W^ "«
i' ¦ I/IVy ?Y\ browns eravs, b"ucs,.tans and <4- 50 J« of 6 T*b!e Forks, to-day . . .$2.70 enlarged and beaut- r^&^ X
fc : \r\Mw P^in black;, each and ev e ry {4-J5 -f-JJ \*»™-«£l' ' %%'%*> i&d maineij de- %f *
* // ... / f4.S5 srt of 6 Dessert Forks, to-day. . . S2.*+\J partment, on second floor, at lower \* I *F '5
*: /J ir^WJ one possessing points in . style . 4 ., 5 FUh Sets, specialto-day S2.8O prices th/n similar good itylcs can \ 'iff f 'J
?. / \Ji\ f^t M and finish which cannot be $«. 50 Fish Sets, hollow handle?, to-day .$3*25 be bought for in exclusire millinery V "^" 1 X
9i V^AT •] duplicated elsewhere in this 56.oo Fish Sets, chased and go'.d finish. '. S3. SO, shops. \> * \ <
% [V£. i V c \tv ,,n^r (, 000 an d *4- 5° Salad Sets, hollow handles . . . . S2.8O Beautilul Lace Hats— Rower hats, wfT* \ •
K f I ] Y >3 . " J2. 2 5 Fi!h or Salad Forks, to-day. ...>•# 4O the new turban and trkorn effect. $
I I 1 S3 2 - S°- Thls Is an offcr iz.zs Oyster L«d!e«, ipecial to-day . . . $1.40 fJC h $10.00^525.00 -J
Jk* // worth investigating. *i.z 5 Gr-vy Ladles 68c Women's Stylish Dress Hats— Made of fancy Tuscan braid, J
& // > * 4 <-O/| 'W^ ,« tSn«-. 9 OC Creim Ladles 4-2C trimmed with blue forget-me-noti and !arze satin ribbon bcw§; X
l> // / \ x • C-* I are »now s-|t s M . 14o extra ralur 2t . . . f SSMO &
i / ,// V mg this week a very attractive j,.^ Sugar Ton g s 68c Women's Urge French S.Hors-Madc of braid «nd trimmTdTith I
** /$ •' / V-vS. sult medium texture $1.50 and iz.oo Berry Spoons ... . . Sit .15 braid and quills $2*85 "%
jf /jf $ J Ilk « \ \%Jjw cheviot serge, in navy, blue or — ¦¦ ™" Gage TurbltU — In the n»w torpedo and Colonial effects X
i XjW$ I flf^ black, made with stylish GrOCCrlCS'-LlqUOrS % S3.65toSt5.OO J
ti \$p Jyl Id \\\ blouse jacket and unlined side- ... >m_ » • n m f mm *. *m *»• '•
K JBl 7^ pleated skirt a good j«. 5 o r,iur. Wednesday's and Thursday's Boys' Newest 3-PlCCe \
1 -=2£z**£*^k~, . Best Bargains in the City Suits fOt* Easter *
2 Choice Evening Gowns-And for dinner, f"jg&%ffi£W< Soups-Van Camp's or W, G. M. brand, dozen. . E h of thfJe , ui: , to mafce „.„„, handred h on £lJter ,J
If de chme., modeled I atter ongmal creanons of te id ng European K 9 5o;i*™ 25O They are the mannish su.ts that plea* the boW from /to ,6 «ar, X
% de S .gner,, sty'.e: wh ch make them distinct -make and hn.h ,c- Cho(ce areaIf _ Grape-nuts, Fruit Nuts or Cero of / Made like fathef ., cu . away ecat , the new X
% ond t. none-.r. all the mos: wanted color such j, p.nk p. e Erut0> pckage 11o t Tcj; , and knee trousers that kOTteplbrktfc The 1
* b «? n^e gre.n pearl gray champagne o P'"" J^ite •' "«*- Corn- Army and Nary or Quern of the West, that corrcct su ; t , for dtea or wear, and look w,U when worn %
% ,11 of them -"ad.over fuU «^drop. sk.rts a ndpopu larly prxed other$ are cfaargIng la^ c tin for, dozen .51-05 «ith n- f !-gee shirt, or blo^e,. The materials, nav, serge, -mooth X
J frfm $37.50, $45, $57.50 up to J63 Single tin . 9C finished cas:imeres and cheviots, ia Scorch £fe £» *%f% '1
* Ma«ninc«nt Gown? — Of novelty voi'es, etamirej, pineapple Hesperian Tomatoes— Dozen . 89c; tin . 8C effect?, the new plaids, chtcki ani strir>i, ff/f I %
S weavej and French grenadines— gowns similar to tho*e priced Kona Coffee— Our Hawaiian b!end, pound . . t9o wonderfully good value at '. m *r*~ mm^^* *
%f elsewhere frvim 5 loo to f»2S; here at . . . .$85 t" $165 Pure Rye Whisky— Maryland Ciub, very special, :t Boys' Vests — To be worn with the above suits or i-P>ce suits, made X
IV m^ m^ m^ mmmmm^mm^mm^^mmmmi^^mmmm^^x^mm^mmmmmm^mmw^^mmmmmmm^m^ the two-d»y price, bottle 8UC front same washable materials as the men's vest', whi;e or fancv -J
S ->* -wr- m tf« W9 A P ricot Brandy - Delicious afteMinner cordul, figured .. ; . $1.25, S1.5O, 31 .75 and S2*O'J %
£ %?1*7& LattipS bottle 85C Suits for the Young Men— Szes uftto 19 yearsj small <r slrndrr Ii
J T , , . , , R #, u --n.-rHr.ff 6o candle-Dower Port or Sherry- Good quality, s bottles. . 51.00 men can b: fitted perf^ctlv in the;c suts and uve ths difference X
I The ce.ebrated B. & H center drafl. 6o candle-power Ml Whi$kies _ Dufi r ;y . $ or Parry - 8| in the price of men', ,«it,; Made of good cheviot, ,nd Scoteh -J
ti lamp, heavy nickel plated with a ten-inch ring top, hotCe 7Go tff(CU ln the new bfownJ and %m^ jtrip€$ pbid . X
h white dome shade, tripod and chimney; our leader Chablis Mtrgeaux or Cabernet — Extra holiday aUo Wue and bUck cheviots and serges, very _ -_ X
* at 51.75; on sale Wednesday only . . . $1.43 dinner wines, gallon 82c scecul at ....'. 3*7 m5O -J
THE EMPORIUM
THE EMPORIUM
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
B^k {fP& § 5 t^ lc °^ l^ e OU5e^°'^» or without
Ufa H^X f it no happiness can be complete. How
if V&& sweet the picture of mother and babe,
Sr^MLW m angels smile at and commend the
¥^sk g HCTi B29 ' thoughts and aspirations of the mother
ksTml M S_ bending over the cradle. The ordeal through
H m P H ra which the expectant mother must pass, how-
y r4a ever, is so full of danger and suffering that
she looks forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend.
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and render*
pliable all the parts, and _^ _ mm _
great crisis in perfect safety
and without pain. Sold at $i.oo per |P3|j5!§k If jPBiikS P&
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless #L |yg | |aa t f| \
value to all women 6ent free. . Address gT H«H Iw hSU *0i
BRAD FIELD REGULATOR QQ. t Atlant** GhU » BaSiulVV
/^^^^^ the rear
|pll|||p of the train. *
g| Usually — though 'not
\ <$i |g\/ fj| ip^f tourist sleepers are on the
W \ W 1 i rear of the train.
¦\ / \ i 1 That's the place to see
F]J I jkJil p the scenery — and there is •
¦iVa\/aWii/A III G° Eart via El P«» tnd yen
f A f A VA ? A V/ \" A 1 I •« New tnd Old Mexico «ad £
l&d eft \ ffi3 / B I I Arizona — landa of tunahine,
IW fc? Mb \ ¦ I I whire the air i» a constant
I Si Wi\/l\yi\ /I X I inriation to outdoor life.
l f AfAV/\VilV/| J . Go Tia Salt Lake City tad
silPl lM I I Colorado Springs and for th:
|i f/A/ \ mWiYTi better part of two dijt you ride
ffl 7 ' I I ' '* " »]v'i i'»]|, through the £.-.nt sctnsry oa
H^ ~^^rm^^^^^^^ _,-* the American continent.
*^ _ Onr folder, "Acroa th«
w ,.|prTrJTBSnr Continent in a Tourist Sl«pin j
ammm^^^^^SSa^^a^ll^r \ Car," givej fall information.
***' IH 1 J^liVC \ ' At a11 Southern Pacific ticket
VJ^/MiJA X. officei or en application t» »
lil^ffitJliuiyi i n c - A - RUTHERFORD,
JgL>&u<iritP& District Passenger Agent,
fljajSl Kl IH 1 1 Watt 613 Market St., San FranciKO, CiLMarriage Licenses.
Mary F. St. Clair will recover dam
ages from the San Francisco and San
Joaquin Railway Company according
to a decision rendered by the Supreme
Court yesterday. The company, built
a high embankment next to Mrs. ".' St.
Clair's property in Bakersfleld. She
claimed her real estate was injured
and brought ysuit for' damages. She
lost in the lower court, but has won on
aDpeal. V
Will Get Damages.
Charles Main yesterday filed a suit
against Thomas R. Hayes to recover
600 shares of stock in the Standard
Portland Cement Company. He claims
that Hayes and his son, recently de
ceased, purchased for him with funds
intrusted to their care by him twenty
flve bonds of the corporation, receiv
ing as a bonus 600 shares of stock.
They accounted to him for the bands,
he says, but made no mention of the
stock, hence his suit.
Main Claims Block of Stock.
Judge Hebbard yesterday issued a
writ \ of. mandate compelling Auditor
Baehr to audit. the demands of W. J.
Hudson for $320 for services rendered
by him as machinist at the corpora
tion yard. Hudson displaced a civil
service man and on this account
Baehr held up his warrants. Judge
Hebbard held, as he did in the case
of Calegari8 vs. Baehr, that where
the city accepts the services of a man
it must pay for' them.
Hudson Gets His Pay.
OAKLAND, Inarch .29.— Divorce
proceedings were begun to-day by
Mrs. Julia Marriott ; against Edgar R.
Marriott, a San Francisco ; newspaper
man employed on : the News ., Letter.
He ia a relative of Fred Marriott,
owner of that paper. The Marriotts
were, married In 1898 and haveone
child,. of which the plaintiff asks the
custody. .- The ground : for divorce al
leged in the complaint is intemper
ance. Their home is at, 1504 Fourth
street, Alameda
3Iarriotts Incompatible.
OAKLAND, March 29.-— Whyte
Grondona swore to a complaint in the
Police Court to-day charging his for
mer friend, Fred Simons, with stealing
$1000, which had been given into
Grondona's temporary charge by the
Scavengers' Union. Simons, it . is
claimed, broke open a trunk, took the
money and disappeared. The police
have no clew to Simons' whereabouts.
Claims .Friend Is a Thief.
OAKLAND, March 29.— The Grand
Jury met for a short session this
morning, but adjourned without doing
any business. The "members state
their work is practically over with and
that they are waiting for the report of
lheir expert, who is now engaged in
an examination of the books of the
various county offices. • '
Grand Jury Meets.
The police were notified yesterday
that Gertrude and Violet Pujol, aged
respectively 17 and 15 years, had left
their home at Knights Landing some
days ago with the intention of visiting
a married sister. In this city, but that
they had not called upon the sister.
Two girls answering their description
had been seen'in resorts on the Bar
bary Coast and " yesterday Detective
Silvey found them on. Broadway and
took them to the City Prison. They
were -sent home by yesterday after
noon's train.
Runaway Girls Sent Home.
OAKLAND. March 29. — The City
Council has po»ti>oned for two weeks
action on proposed amendments to
the liquor license ordinance that the
State Anti-Saloon League shall have
an opportunity to file objections to the
petition of the Knights of the Royal
Arch, the liquor dealers' association-
Council Postpones Action.
. Richard Christie and N. J. Ahl
strom, bellboys at the Golden West
Hotel, were arrested .yesterday morn
ing by Detective Braig and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of petty
larceny. Frank Nugent, a rancher
from Brentwood, Contra Costa County,
is a guest at the hotel and on Mon
day night when he retired he left his
bedroom door open. When he awoke
he found that two $20 gold pieces
and 54 in silver had been stolen from
his trousers pockets. He notified the
police and Bralg arrested the two bell
boys. Braigr searched Christie's room
at 54 Mason street and found a $20
gold piece hidden under a piece of oil
cloth.
Bellboys Accused of Theft.
There was an unusually large at
tendance of the members of Golden
Gate Camp No. 64 in Native Sons'
Hall Monday because of an unusual
event. About six months ago Mayor
Schmitz, a member of the camp, at a
public meeting held under the aus
pice? of the camp, offered a gold
watch to any woman of Woodcraft
who would, durinsr a stated period,
present to Golden Gate Camp the
greatest number of applications of in
dividuals eligible to membership.
As a result of the contest the la
dies presented seventy applications
and -all of the applicants were initi
ated. Mrs. J. A. Holland presented
twenty-seven and she was declared
the winner. Last night, accompanied
by Mrs. J. T. O'Donnell and Mrs. J.
E. Powers, she was admitted Intothe
camp a during a recess and the* Mayor
presented her the watch, which was
suitably engraved.* The presentation
was followed by addresses by Laiirance
Vincent of California Camp. D. Oliver
Jr., editor of the Pacific Woodman,
and E. C. Stock of Golden Gate Camp.
PRESENTED A GOLD WATCH
OFFERED BY 3IAYOR SCHMITZ
Experiments have shown that a per
son speaking in the open air can be
heard equally well at a distance of 100
feet in front. 75 at either side and 30
behind.
OAKLAND, March 29.— The body
of Charles Deutchman, a seaman on
the British ship Kynache, lying in
East Oakland basin, was recovered
this afternoon off Adams' wharf by
William Bochaccio, residing at C27
Myrtle streeL Deutchman fell off th«
wharf yesterday afternoon, striking
his head against a stanchion. He was
a native of Germany, 40 years of age.
The Coroner took charge of the body.
Sailor's Body Recovered.
ALAMEDA. March 29. — Rev. Chris
tian Ruess, assistant at the People's
Place, a non -sectarian church and so
cial settlement in San Francisco, has
been offered the pulpit of the First
Unitarian Church of this city by 'the
trustees. " He is a graduate of Har
vard College and also of the Harvard
Divinity School.
Rev. Thomas Van Ness, founder of
the First Unitarian Church, and Rev.
George R. Dodsoru a former minister
of the same institution, have highly
recommended Mr. Ruess.. The latter
will preach next Sunday and if he ac
cepts the call extended him wijl as
sume charge on August 1 next The
pulpit has been vacant since the re
tirement of Rev. Wesley Haskell last
fall. _ }
Extend Call to the Rev. Christian
Iluess of the People's Place,
San Francisco.
ALAMEDA UNITARIANS
:, SEEK AXEff MINISTER
Andrew J. Gillen, a private in Bat
tery A, National Guard of California,
met with an extraordinary accident
early yesterday morning at a military
ball In the Ellis-street armory. Gillen
was dancing a two-step with a lass,
when he slipped on the treacherous
floor. His companion also lost her
footing and fell on him with a dull
thud. The ambulance was summoned
and the gallant soldier removed to the
Central Emergency Hospital, where
Dr. Brackett found that his injuries
consisted of a dislocated shoulder and
Several contusions on the body. The
lady fortunately escaped injury and
retired to her home after recovering:
from the shock. *
Injured at a Dance.
At Director Campbell's Invitation the mem
bers of the class in modern astronomy will
visit the Lick Observatory on Friday evening,
April 15. . in order to look through the , great
telescope and see something of the equipment
and the work of the observatory.
The freshmen women are going to give a
dinner and entertainment on the afternoon of
April 4 at Hearst Hall. The dinner will take
place at 4 o'clock, and -will be followed
by a jinks in the gymnasium. Miss Cornslia
Stratton 1» to manage the affair and . receive
assistance from the Misses Grace Derby, Cecil
Harrold. Lura Bonestell, Georgia Scott, Hulh
Salinger, Stella Scott. Amy Kahn. Elna Hawk
lnson and Kate Buckingham. The Jinks will
be, taken care of by the Misse* Alice Joy,
Ruth Berger. Alice Berry, Anna Tucker, Edna
Wilson, and the dinner by the Misses Lois
Paterson. Marian Craig. Lura Bonestell, Helen
Knowlton, Zelma Reeve, Helena : Templeton,
Juliette Levy. Marlon Walsh. Florence Zeigen
fuss. Louise White, Margerie Lynch and Mary
Gil more. \ -
Director W. W. Campbell of the Lick v Ob
servatory has announced that two Lick Vas
tronomy lectures will be delivered before the
class in modern astronomy In the students'
observatory by Astronomer • R. H. Tucker, as
follows: April 5, "The Measure of an Arc";
April 7, "The Lick Observatory Star" Catalog
ues." Astronomer Tucker will speak at 11
o'clock. ¦ '.' ..-¦
j A valuable addition to American I writings
on chemistry has Juut been made by Dr. Henry
Chalmers Biddle. instructor in chemistty at the
university, whose translation of the book on
vegetable alkaloids by I>r. , Ame Pictet of the
University of Geneva is fresh from tBe press.
In the translation Dr. Bid. lie has enlarged and
revised the work of Dr. Pictet with the latter's
sanction. . .¦ * •
BERKELEY. March 29.— The sixth univer
sity meeting of the term will be held In Har
mon gymnasium on Friday morning. Three
noted speakers will address the members ot
the university, James D. Phelan, the Rev. J.
K. McLean and Dr. Eduard Meyer. Mr.
Phelan is the former Mayor of San Fran
cisco, the Rev. Mr. McLean Is president of the
Pacific Theological Seminary and Dr. Meyer
is the noted German historian, who will de
liver two lectures on history at the university
this week.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Collins is accused by, Barry and
Clough of having appeared as counsel
for both plaintiff and defendant in the
action of the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society vs. Charles H. Robinson.
Collins made sensational ; charges sev
eral days ago of incompetence and bias
against Superior Judge Kerrigan, who
decided the case, and will endeavor to
have the juris't removed- from the bench
by filing charges with Governor Pardee.
In his letter Collins says the charge
is willfully, maliciously and viciously
false and was known [ to be false and
untrue- by the persons who made it.
He declares that at no time and in
no manner, either verbally or in writ-
Ing, did the defendant consult or in
terview him or did he advise the de
fendant in reference to the claim. The
allegation of his accusers that the
promissory note in the case is ficti
tious or fraudulent, Collins says, is ab
solutely false. In closing, he asks the
Bar Association to take notice of "these
Outrageous and willfully false accusa
tions of my opponents" and investigate
them. ' •¦? «'
As the result of the charges made
against Attorney George D.. Collins by
Attorneys Thomas F. Barry and George
F. Clough, Collins has addressed a let
ter "to W. S. Goodfellow, president of
the San Francisco Bar Association,
asking that the matter be referred to
the grievance committee for investi
gation.
Forwards Letter to President of Bar
Association Branding Charges
Against Him .Maliciously False.
COLLINS ASKS FOR A
AN INVESTIGATION
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examination
on April 19 at San Francisco, Fresno.
Los Angeles and Marysville for' the
position of architectural and structural
draughtsman. There are three vacan
cies at $1500 per annum and one va
cancy at $1200. per annum. Age limit,
20 years or over. As the commission
has experienced considerable difficulty
in securing eligibles for this position,
qualified persons are urged to enter
the examination. Persons who desire
to compete should apply to the United
States Civil Service Commission. Wash
ington, D. C. or' to the secretary. Con
solidated Board Civil Service Exam
iners, 301 Jackson street, San Francis
co, for application form 1312, which
should be properly executed and filed
with the commission at Washington.
Draughtsmen Wanted.
Upon the motion of Deputy District
Attorney W. H. L. Hynes the original
<omplaint against the defendant was
dismissed and he will be again charged
under the name of Morton when Gus
Koch, who is now out of the State, re
turns. Morton is. an ex-ebnvict, hav
ing been sent up fnfm Monterey
County in 1S92 for burglary. He was
released after pprving eighteen months.
Morton prides himself on being posted
in the law and says he wil art_ny his
own attorney.
Kdward Morton. ' Suspected Gory-
IIan«»--d Burglar. Appears in Ala
meda Justice's Court.
AL/JilEDA, Marcn 23. — Edward
Morton, alias Edward Mortar, who is
Fuspecte<i of being the burglar that
robbed the * residence of Gus Koch,
1315 San Antonio avenue, on Feb~
ruary 20, leaVing bloody imprints of
his hands in the house, appeared be
fore Justice of the P<?ace Fred S. Cone
to-<is*y Sot his preliminary hearing.
When the prisoner was arraigned here
last week he gave th>? name of Ed
ward Mortar. Ir Oakland, where he
is also charged with burglary, he said
that his name was Edward Morton.
LAW-VERSED CONVICT
WILL DEFEND HIMSELF
Mr. Garnett is the son of a wealthy
grain grower of Glenn County and his
bride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J.
W. Ammand, formerly of Berkeley.
BERKELEY, March' 29.— Hugh M.
Garnett of the class of '03, University
of California, married Miss Emma
Ammand in Portland three weeks ago
and nobody knew anything about it
until a few weeks ago, when the news
leaked -out through a casual remark
dropped by one of the interested
parties.
It seems that the bride met Mr.
Garnett soon after his arrival in Port
land, where he went after his gradua
tion to take a position, and from that
acquaintance grew an engagement.
The young people kept the engage
ment a secret and when they "married
they kept that a secret, too. Now that
the news is out and all parental objec
tion overcome it is announced that Mr.
and Mrs. Garnett will reside in Port
land.
News of the Wedding of Hngh M. Gar
net t and Emma Ammand Comes
Two We£ks Late.
Count Bonzi, a sugar planter of
Honolulu, and Count Senni, who has
been visiting him on the islands for
several weeks, arrived here yesterday
on the steamship Alameda and are
staying at the St. Francis.
Mrs. Leonard Wood, wife of Major
General Wood, arrived here yesterday
with her three_ children and is regis
tered at the Palace Mrs. ,WooU is on
her way to Manila to join her hus
band.
Robert Pinkerton, the well-known
detective of New York, arrived In this
city last evening and is at the Palace.
He is on a tour of inspection of the
Pinkerton agencies in the West.
J. H. Len?han. nn insurance man cf
Chicago, and his wife, who have r»e a n
visiting Honolulu, arrived here yester
day and are at the St. Francis.
| Mr. and Mrs. S. Repgel. prominent
residents of Salt Lake, returned yester
day from a visit tr» the Hawaiian Isl
ands and are at the St. Francis.
George Boldt. proprietor of the Wal
dorf-Astoria Hotel of New York, and
his two daughters are at the St. Fran
cis. They have been in Southern Cali
fornia for a few weeks.
Professor Edwara Meyer of Berlin,
who is to deliver a lecture at the Uni
versity of California, arrived from the
East on last evening's train and is
registered at the 'Occidental.
F. F. Prentiss of Cleveland and C. R.
Bailoy of Winona. Minn., who are ra
a trip around the world, are at the SU
Francis. >¦ ,_ ..
A. Young nf Oakland, who owns the
Youngr Hotel in Honolulu, returner!
from the islands yesterday. **¦
E. C. Conkling and wife, residents of
Detroit. Mich., who are touring the
coast, are staying at the California.
State Surveyor General Victor Woods
is down from Sacramento and staying
at the Lick.
Dr. Henry Stetson of Boston, who i3
making a tour of the world, is at the
St. Francis.
John A. Guaser, a manufacturer of
sashes and doers in Chicago, is at the
Palace.
J. M. Gardner, head of an «ftectrJ-'j.
company In Santa Cruz. Is at the
Grand.
J. T. McCrnssen. an attorney of
Honolulu, is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. Elmer E. Stone of Nap-i
are registered at the St. Francis.
Dr. E. J. Hov/land 61 Boston is at the
Lick.
H. H. Dearborn. *a capitalist of Se
attle, i3 at the Palace.
W. F. Knox, a lumber man of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
PERSONAL.
COLLEGE MAN SURPRISES
FRIENDS BY MARRYING
This overt act on the part of the
sophomores is more than likely to
end in another attempt at rushing:
It amounts to a challenge to the
"freshles" to knock the chip off the
"sophs' " shoulders, and hostilities
may be precipitated at any moment.
In anticipation of such a thing. Pro
fessor Cory has trimmed the wick of
his peering searchlight and picketed
a guard around the hill. With the
dawn may come a list of dead, dying,
wounded and prisoners.
That '07 was as a red rag to a mad
bull to the sophomores, the traditional
enemies of the freshmen, and a band
of them charged up the hill. In a lit
tle while, there being no opposition,
the sophomores had changed the '07
into '06, life size. When the shades of
night lowered over the campus this
evening the '06 was still there.
BERKELEY. March 29.—"Resolv
ing" and "whereasing" seems to have
resulted in some satisfaction to the
juniors at the' University of California,
for when -Professor CJ L. Cory, chair
man of the students' affairs commit
tee, arrived at his office this morning
and found the' set of resolutions
adopted by the claps vesterday, he
immediately made up his mind to re
turn all the jewelry and letters and
key rings that his imported policemen
took from the would-be rushers last
Charter day eve.
Professor Cory called the six or eight
recalcitrants before him, and, after
reading them a lecture, gave them
back their property. This was emi
nently pleasing to the students, and
they are all so glad that they were not
"fired" . forthwith - that they couldn't
kow-tow enough to' the professor. Now
the account' is square again.
There is a promise of more- trouble,
however, in the developments of the
day. For on its way across the campus
this morning the college population
discovered some numerals on the for
bidden Charter Hill. They were the
figures '07 in big white letters of lime,
visible from every point in Berkeley.
The freshmen class had planted them
there in the night.
Edward K. Clarke, the capitalist,
who is suing for the annulment of his
marriage to Rosalind H. Bower-Clarke,
the "sweet pea girl," yesterday filed an
answer to her cross-complaint. He
denies that there is any truth in her
charged and avers that her general
reputation during the last five yeara
has not been of the best. He al«=o ob
jects to her claim that she is entitled
to alimony pending the trial of the
Suits for divorce were filed by
Luella Olive Smith against W. J. Smith
for cruelty, . Bernard Butenshon
against Lillian Butenshon for in
fidelity. Agnes B. Fallon against T. J.
Fallort' for desertion, Gesimi M.- Smith
against John J. Smith for intemper
ance and Sarah Kcton against Henry
Keton for neglect. [>
Charles A. Ronan, who was ordered
to pay Anna Ronan $25 a month ali
mony pending the determination of
her divorce suit, was adjudged guilty
of contempt of court by Judge 8eawell
yesterday because of his failure to do
so. He was ordered confined in the
County Jail until such time as he pays
her $50, the amount he is in arrears.
Decrees of divorce were granted to
Lily Gorman from P. .Gorman for
cruelty, Lillian Doland from Daniel J.
Doland for desertion and Carol G. B.
Wirth from Maria Wirth for deser
tion;
Orders Defendant in Divorce Suit
to Jail Until He Pays
Alimony.
The action is brought by Mary
Tobin, v ho states that in IS 93 she and
Tobin held up their right hands and
ewore they would take other for
better or for worse. The formality of
a wedding ceremony was dispensed
with, but this was in the days of con
tract marriages. They afterward lived
together for a period of eight years
and passed as husband and wife and it
is urged that this made the marriage
a legal one.
About a yea* or so ago Tobin's fancy
Ftrayed. He left his partner, and some
time afterward married a second time;
then the first Mrs. Tobin began her
action and asks for a division of the
community property, which she al
leges amounts to about $2000 cash.
«m her behalf Supervisor A. Comte Jr.
of San Francisco and A. J. Crow of
Crows Landing both testified that they
had employed the pair as husband
and wife to work for them.
OAKLAND, March 29. — In the hear
ing of a divorce suit begun before
Judge Melvin to-day it developed that
two .women claim William Tobin as
husband.
Married One Woman by Contract,
Which He .Vow; Alleges Was
Not LegaL
TOBIN* MAY FIND
HE HAS TWO WIVES
COURT FINDS KONAX
GUILTY OF CONTEMPT
Professor pory Returns
Effecis, but Peace
Is Not Sure.
CHAIRMAN* OK STUDENTS' AF
FAIRS COMMITTEK OF THE UNI
VERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
Powell registered at the hotel yes
terday afternoon. He was last eeen
about T o'clock in the evening when
he we? writing letters at the hotel of
fice public desk. His identity was es
tablished by the finding- of a dues re
ceipt from Eureka Aerie N'o. 130. Or
der of Eagles, for $5, signed by S.
Silkwood, as secretary. About $10
was found In the man's pockets. He
wp.f very well dressed and apparently
ebout 40 years of age. To the Coro
ner, who took charge of the body, the
circumstances indicated a casa of de
spondency.
Frank P. Powell of Eureka, Cal..
committed suicide last night at the
Albany Hotel, his body being found In
& room there this morning. Odor of
carbolic acid attracted, a chamber
maid, "who summoned F. A- Wilder,
the hotel proprietor. The odor was
trat-ed to Powells room and his body
found. .
On a table was a half emptied vial
cf carbolic acid and a note, the writ
«r> farewell. It Is as folows:
"Bury me -where you like. I am all
in and there pome. Farewell to all.
• "F. P. POWELL."
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. March 29.
Out of respect for the dead attorney
the Superior Court was adjourned this
afternoon. Before the court, sitting in
bank. Attorney George W. Reed an
nounced the death of Mr." Black and
said:
He was loyal to his clients, courteous to
the bar. zealou.« In the prosecution of his
causes and honest to the court. He was a
kind husband, a loving father, an affectionate
brother and a dutiful son. Although he was
rcarceiy thirty-two years cf age he had at
tained a position of which any one might
well be proud. It is a pity that he was mt
Permitted to fully realize bo bright a future
as seemed to be marked out for him.
Masonic rites at the Temple marked
the services, which were conducted by
W. F. Williamson, worshipful masler
of Oakland Lodge. The music was ren
dered by the Temple Quartet, com
posed of Alfred Wilkie, D. Lawrence,
Walter Nicholson and William Nielson.
Fred L. Button delivered an address in
eulogy- of the departed brother. -The
pallbearers were: Oakland Lodge —
Fred L. Button, George H. Smith, Roy
Munsell, H. de la Montanya; Lodge of
Perfection— J. Mueller, H. Deane.
At the place of interment in Moun
tain View Cemetery the Masonic burial
service was held.
The funeral of the late Albert L.
Black, the attorney and past master
of Oakland Lodge No. 188, Free and
Accepted Masons, was held «from Ma
sonic Temple this afternoon under di
rection of Oakland Lodge. Besides: the
large number of the young man's fra
ternal associates nearly every member
of the Alameda County Bar Associa
tion, with the judiciary and many
friends in private walks of life, at
tended the services.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, March 29.
The aid of orchardists of the State is
solicited by the College of Agriculture
in the study of the moth, by making
observations in their own localities of
the facts upon which the timing of the
applications in each of these cam
paigns must be based.
"In the lower portion of the Pajaro
Valley the danger of poisoning the fo
liage is so great, even when the maxi
mum of lime is added, that we cannot
recommend the use of paris green at
all, but suggest the substitution of the
lime orjead arsenite."
When and how to spray are questions
which Professor Woodworth says must
be answered by the orchardist himself.
California is of such diversified climate
that no precise rule ttill obtain in any
two parts of \the State at the same
time. Every part requfres a different
kind of campaign, differently timed
and differently executed. Here is what
Professor Woodworth says:
AH the spraying operations should be made
to dcoend upon data, determined for each
region as to certain essential facts In regard
t;j the history of the codlinc moth and of
the tree?. These facts are not difficult to ob
tain and there is no reason why any grower
of eprles might not make the necessary ob
servations to determine the proper time for
these sprayinc operations. ;^'K ¦
Under tfct worst conditions ttaere will be
the necessity of making three campaigns each
sf-a?on acair.5t the Insect. In many regions
one or tvso of these might be omitted. How
raufh may be omitted will have to be de
termined by the conditions and the locality.
The firrt campaign is intended for the pcison-
Ins of the calyx cup of the apple and re
quires spraying from above and more than
':¦,.' application, if the blossoms are not uni
form in time of opening. The second cam
psign is timed by the appearance of the moth
in the spring and requires a method of spray-
Ing different from that of the first cam
paign, the idea being to cover every part
ef the leaf and fruit with poison. The third
campaign is for the . later worms and the
times of beginning and closing this attack
are determined by the production of pupae,
from which moths will hatch that season, and
lay eggs for another brood of worms. The
danger to foliage by poison Is greatest during
this period-
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, March 29.
Full directions for destroying the
codling moth, the enemy of the apple
trees of California, are contained in a
bulletin issued at the University of
California to-day by Professor C. "W.
Woodworth of the entomological de
partment of the College of Agriculture.
Professor Woodworth directed the war
with sprays against the tenacious lit
tle insect all of last season in the Pa
jaro Valley and is therefore qualified
to tell the orchardists of the State the
way out of loss and ruin.
The campaign demonstrated to Pro
fessor Woodworth one thing and that Is
that arsenical sprays are the only real
remedy for the codling moth. There
fore he lays considerable stress on this
point in his bulletin. Of all the* many
suggestions that have been made for
controlling the insect, none but the
arsenical sprays have yielded any re
sults ,worth mentioning. The others
have been tried and found wanting.
His advice to the orchardist is that he
not attempt to experiment with any
thing else, unless it be on a small scale.
Paris green. Professor Woodworth
finds, is the most effective arsenite in
dealing with the moth. It is trae that
there* are some places where paris
green is likely to injure the tree, an
injury that might result in greater loss
than any that the moth might inflict,
and even affect the crop of the follow
ing year. But in most of these regions
the danger of injury can be avoided by
the addition of lime. On this point Pro
fessor Woodworth says:
'"The amount added to the spraying
mixture should be the greater the more
susceptible the trees are to injury. The
regions in which the trees are most lia
ble to injury are those where dews and
fogs are most prevalent. Five or ten
times as much lime as paris green is
the proportion recommended in the
most moist regions. The amount of
paris green commonly used and found
very satisfactory is one pound for 150
gallons.
Policeman John P. Scanlan wa» ar
rested to-day on a charge of battery
preferred against him by John J. Mul
vey, a crippled newsboy, and a com
plaint has also been lodged against
the patrolman with the Police Commis
sioners, charging Scanlan with conduct
unbecoming a peace officer. The po
liceman and Mulvey quarreled over a
bet made on the Britt-Ccrrbett flght,
which Scanlan won. Mulvey was not
on hand with his money the next day
and it is charged that he was accused
by Scanlan of "welching." and that
when this was denied it angered the
officer and he attacked Mulvey and
kicked him, injuring him to such an
extent that he had to take to his bed.
When arrested on the battery charge
Scanlan put up $30 bail and was given
his liberty. '¦¦'.'.
Mulvey says he has several eyewit
nesses to the treatment he received.
He claims he would have had his money
on hand if Scanlan had given him a
little time. He had bet $30 on Corbett
against Scanlan's $19 oo Britt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, March 29.
Frank P. Powell of Eureka
Writes His Farewell and
Says That He Is "All In"
Advises Orchardists of Cali
fornia of Time to Apply
Deadly Arsenite to Trees
John J. Mulvey Says Patrol
man Beat Him P>ecause
He Had Not Paid a Bet
Maxraret Thorn (single) to Frederick H.
Dakin. lot on NW corner of Atffltse aad Stuart
street*. N 09.**. W 11S.21. S 89.65, J» 74.31.
lots 12 and 13, block IS. map Xo. 5. SAatfock
Tract, etc.. Berkeley; 110.
¦ Mrs. Mary Dorr to P. F". C. Blcbl. lot ot\
N line of Stuart stre-t. 220 W of Falton. W
f.O by N'ifl.'S-l'.e. portion lot* SO and 31. block
r>. Blake* Tract. Berkeley; J^SO.
Eliza HcMeekan luingle) to John J. az.1
B«!le Armstrong (wife), lot on W 11ns of Col-
Uge avenue. 113 S of Kr.cir.a! aven-ie. 3 So
by W 10O Alameda: *323.
J. M. and Margaret E. Pace <wif») to T. J.
Evens. lot' on w line nf San Pablo iven . -.
1*0 S of Bonton avenue. S 45 by W 100. lot X
blcclt >S, K.'inknervllle Tract, Oakland; $10.
Robert H. C -ci'- (by D. GoodaJe, bis at
torn?}-) and David Goodal- to Adelbert T. Hay.
lot en SE line oi Third avenue, at dividing
line of lots 2 and 3. thence W aJoni «ald H.i»
of s-aij avenue 68 SE 121:6. E «9. N 221;C,.
beias E »« of lot 2. block E. tnaj< Tm»
Park. Oakland Township: $10.
Adelbert T. and Eiecta L. Hay to Davl.1
Goixiale lut on X line of Ward street. 127 :ti E
of Ellsworth. E S7:C by X 154:8. rortlon *t
lot UO. b!ock E. Leonard Tract. Berkeley; #1<V
Redmond C. and Winr.lfred P. Statt» twtft->
to Ross C. Wil.-ox. lot en K line of Han>*r
street. 22S. 15 S of Ru-sell. P «:« by E 122.
lot 12 and portion of tot 11. map of subdivi
sion of b!ock 1<\ Ontral Park Tract. Berke
ley: $10.
r:;;.:sb-:h Ajrnes and Warren T. CJarke (hus
band* to Chase A. H*!l. re-record 053 D. 531.
lot on X Kno of Hast<* street, lfio TV ot Milvla
W Zt> by N* 133. l"t 8. block 5. amended mi?
of bioclts 5 and fi. Harlcer Tract. Berkeley: re
recorded to cornet error In name "of gran: ;
$100.
Frank il and Rose H. Wilson (wtlt) to
Frank K Amstror;;. Iota 13 and 21. block U\
Dairy's acrnic Park. Berkeley; deed and ajree
m»r.t: $10.
California Eank (California Bank and Tru«:
Company) to J. H. Buatlc-e, re- record KS P.
27t$. Ion 43 to 4fl. Map So. 2. Mitchell Tract.
Oakland: $10.
¦ F.eJ and Katbcrlne N*. Taylor fwlfe) to
Catherine M. Grave*. lot on SE line of Wa:.»
worth av»nue, 4fi.lO XE of Pearl street. NE 40
by SS 107. portion cf lots 1 and 2. block GL
Hap Of Flint Tnct No. 4. portion of Oakland
Heights Oakland: $10.
Andrew li.tn- :; to Inea Hanson twife). lot
on W line of Mary *trrrt. 2RO S of Channlr.*
way. S r.2 by "\V l.-JO. lot «. block 23 McGee
Tract, portion of plat 67. Berkeley; sift
TUE3DAT. MARCH 29.
SUn/Jard Bnildlnr »nd t«*n Aiw>cJ*«oo to
Char!»s W. KeKogg. lot on S ccrn«r cf Ea*t
Seventeenth street an<5 Twenty-»eccTi4 *t««j«.
SE 50 by 8W 140. lots' 17 »n4 13. block CJ.
San Antonio. East Oakland: »10O.
REAL, ESTATE. TRANS ACTIONS.
Alameda County.
Superior Court Adjourned
Out. of Respect to Memory
of the Departed Attorney
EULOGIES ABE SPOKEN
_• j
Oakland Lodge Holds Ser
vices in Tribute to the
Late Alfred L. Black
FAVOBS PAULS GREEN
Professor C. W. Woodworth
Tells How to Deal Death
to the Destroying Insect
Miss C. P. Leet, William McDonald,
Mrs. Melquiond, N. Greenwell, Miss
Alice Swasey, Albert Norris, Miss
Alice Keefer and Miss Hunt.
During the morning session of the
institute a short address was delivered
by President David Starr Jordan of
Stanford University on "The Broad
Mind." Addresses were also delivered
by J. W. McClymonds, S. D. Water
man, F. T. Moore, D. R. Angsberg and
Dr. Sarah Shuey. Just before ,the
noon recess the following committee on
resolutions was appointed:
Perhaps th» most important work under
taken by the government of the Philippines
Is that designed to provide for the Filipinos
an opportunity to learn the Knglish langua?p,
the knowledge of which it is proposed to con
vey with a distinctly practical purpose in
view. The Spanish policy of preventing the
Filipinos In many Instances from learning the
Spanish language and of looking v.ith distinct
disapproval upon the use of this language by
the natives is a policy Fometlmes pursued to
make a subject peoplft feel Its subordination.
One of the practical advantages of a. knowl
edge of the English language for the • people
of the Philippine Islands la that It will supply
a common medium of communication where no
such medium formerly existed, and in view of
what has already been achieved .the task of
giving the educated part of the people the
practical use of a new language appears new
much less difficult than at first. It is as
practicable as teaching a community the use
of new tools.
It is our educational policy that gives us a
chance of distinction, and it might be
said that on it hangs the justification of our
control of the Philippines. But If we turn
this business over to politicians of the ordinary
sort, with their indifference to the school
teacher and the cultivation he represents, we
shall be likely to lose the distinctive feature of
the administration that has been established,
with very little chance of showing in any
other direction a superiority the world will ap
plaud.
PURPOSE IX VIEW.
The government of the Philippine Islands
ha». therefore, aimed to impart such knowl
edge as would put. the Filipino in touch with
the practical ideas and- affairs of modern civil
ization. It has believed, moreover, that this
might be done without educating him dut of
his race, for the Japanese have found a thor
ough adoption of Western arts and sciences
and Western practical methods quite consist
ent with an uncompromising retention of their
race spirit. They have not lost their essential
characteristics because they build steamships
and railroads and no longer commit hari-kari,
•nd there Is much In Japanese history to sup
port the idea, that the Philippines may be led
to accept many of the arts and practical
methods of the West, while still retaining
many of the distinctive qualities of their race.
The educational policy of the Government
of the Philippine Islands differs from that fol
lowed by any other Ruropean nation in Its
Oriental dependencies, and this is and must
continue to be the distinguishing feature of
American administration of dependencies.
Without It. It might be difficult to show
wherein our government of these dependencies
Is likely to be superior to that of other na
tions.
The work undertaken by the Government In
the Philippines involves the problem of one
people educating the members of another, and
an alien race, whose thoughts are not our
thoughts, and whose motives in conduct It Is
not always easy for us to understand. There
fcre at the foundation of our educational ad
ministration In the Philippine* He the facts
of racial distinction and the question of the
relation of one race to another.
The professor said In part:
The system of education Introduced
by the United States Government in
the Philippine Islands was explained
this afternoon by Professor Bernard
Moses, under whose direction the sys
tem was inaugurated In the islands, in
a lecture before the Alameda County
Teachers' Institute at Hamilton Hall.
The topic of Professor Moses* address
was "The Establishment of Public
Schools In the Philippines," and in his
introductory remarks the professor
outlined the history of the laws passed
regarding the establishment of schools
in the islands, and the division of the
archipelago into the • present school
divisions, thirty-six In number, all ex
cept four of which are under the di
rection of a regular division superin
tendent. These superintendents are
under a general superintendent ap
pointed by the Government, who is
authorized to keep in the service of
the insular Government a force of one
thousand trained teachers for the
primary schools. In addition to these
there are a number of teachers in the
employ of the various municipalities.
Professor Moses pointed out that the
work undertaken by the Government
through the Department of Public In
struction was new to Americans, and
was in. some respects different from
the course pursued by other nations In
carrying out their colonial policies.
PKOBLE.M AHEAD.' V^
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 29.
Natives Will Be Given Some
Practical Instruction in
the English Language
FEATURES OF THE WORK
Professor Bernard Moses
Talks of the Educational
System in I he Islands
IS ADMITTED TO BAIL
John P. Scanlan Arrested
for Kicking a Crippled
Newsboy in 'a Quarrel
LEAVES LACONIC NOTE
Despondent Man's Death Is
Disclosed by Tracing the
Odor From Carbolic Acid
TAKES POISON
TO END LIFE
NEW METHODS
IN PHILIPPINES
MASONS HONOR
DEAD BROTHER
SPRAYS FINISH
CODLING MOTH
POLICEMAN MAY
LOSE HIS STAR
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. MARCH 30. 1904!
RECALCITRANT
EIGHT GIVEN
A LECTURE
OAKLAND, March 29.-^-The will of
the late Lawrence Kehoe was filed for
probate this afternoon. The estate is
valued at about S10.000 and is left en
tirely to the widow. There* are four
children. Mary, Louise, Christopher
and. Marguerite, all living with their
mother In this city.
\ Kehoc Will Filed.
OAKLAND, March 29. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk torday: Charles J.
Bradley. 32, and Elzora Patten. 32,
both of San Francisco; Samuel Drake,
over 21, and Sarah Wittlams, over 18,
both of Grass Valley; Manuel S. Le
moE, over 21, and Maria Amaral, over
IS, both ol San Francisco'
6
Skin Diseases
of the most stubborn and chronic kind
are promptly relieved and eventually
cared by the use of
This powerful germicide is ab-
solutely harmless. It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure you. By killing the
germs that cause skin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthy
skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
ing physicians everywhere tor the
last 12 years. Booklet on request
Sold by. leading druggists or trial
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
1 « O p^ S t.. Ne wY«k.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALA3IEDA COUNTY
OAKIiAXD.
1118 Broadway.
Trin>h°nc Main 1083.
- BERKELEY.
2118 Center Street.
Telephone Xortto 11.
ALAMEDA.
UZZ Park Street.
Telephone AlsaxOa 4*93.Russia has 150 regiments of mounted
Cossacks.
As a result of the exchange of shots
between opposing Chinese in Baker
alley early yesterday morning Louie
Sing and Louie Lee of the four fami
lies and Louie Poy and Kum Chin of
the Louie family were booked at the
City Prison yesterday afternoon on ;«.
charge of assault to murder. The
warrants were sworn to Before Police
Judge Cabanisa by a member of each
of the rival factions, each claiming
that the other did the shooting. The
trouble was over a girl inmate of a
house on Baker alley.
Girl Leads to Shooting.
cf .Education it was ascertained yes
.vrday thai there has been a falling
eff- in the average daily attendance of
pupils in the public schools during
lan.moi'th as Compared vrith the pre
vious month. In January the attend
sr^re. was 39.345, while in February
it was 37.S31. a decrease of 1314.
The number of pupils enrolled in
•41 classes in February was 41.153;
•••vcrage daily attendance, 37,631. The
class attendance in high
s.' h on l« uj»s 29.9: commercial schools,
" f| : primary and grammar, 45.9: eve-n
ir.c-, C7.4. - The average attendance
per class for the whole department
T.as 40.2.
There are row three classes of deaf
and dumb pupils, the average daily
attendance "being 23 and the number
errolled 2S.'- •_;
I>urans ' February &7.S31 Scholars
Were Taught J>aily, as Against
". ."9.313. fn the Previous Month.
.. .From fitrares compiled by the Board
ATTK.VBANCE OF TCPILS
SHOWS A FALWNG OFF
Papers in the dead man's possession
show he was a member of Amity
Lodge Xo. 8. Knights of Pythias, at
Reno, Xev., and that Sister Anne de
Marie of the Convent of Our Lady of
the Sacred Heart in Oakland was bta
sister. His bank book shows a goodly
sum of money to hl3 credit in the Ne
vada Bank. He was a married man.
L. F. J. Wrinkle, a mining nun
from Thebe. Inyo County, was found
dead yesterday afternoon alongside his
bed on the floor of his room in the
Grand Hotel. He engaged a room in
that hotel on March 17. Death is be
lieved to have been due to natural
causes.
Body of L. Wrinkle Found Lying on
the Floor of Bedroom Several
Hours After Death.
MIXER OF IXYO DIES
SCDDEXL.Y IN" A HOTEL,
Mrs. Dunning, but the attempt was a t
failure.
Dr. W. G. Wilson followed to testify ;
that Mrs. W. W. Barnes, who, as Mrs. !
Price, was landlady in 1S98 of the Vic- 4
toria Hotel, was ill in bed and unable {
to answer a subpena. It may become 1
necessary to hold a session of the trial 1
at her bedside in order, to secure her |
testimony.
j Then came Kytka with his photo
graphic enlargements of writings, ad
mitted and contested, and the fun be
gan. In addition to the large screen j
was a smaller one bearing enlarge- |
ments of the note inclosed in the can- '
dy box, reading, "With love to your- j
self and baby, Mrs. C." and an admit- j
tedly genuine exemplar of Mrs. Bol- j
kin's handwriting with the words,
"Would that I could see you, my love." i
Knight fought exceedingly hard to
have these enlargements ruled out of
court and was unwilling that they be
put to the use of illustrating what the
handwriting expert wished to ex
plain.
MAKES FUTFLE PROTEST.
"There is no reason." he protested,
; "why this courtroom should be turned
into a photograph gallery for the pur
pose of illustrating something that is
not and never can be in evidence."
During the discussion over the ad*
missibility of the photographs Knight
referred to Byington as "Lady Bying-:
ton," but the District Attorney ignored
the taunt and thus avoided a spat.
Judge Cook finally ruled that the pho
tographs might*be used for illustration
and Kytka continued his testimony.
He said that he had made photo
graphic enlargements of all the writings
in the case and examined them micro
scopically. He identified the wrapper
on the box of candy as the one sub
mitted to him previous to the first
triel. All the other writings were
shown to him in turn and he rum
maged among the luggage he had
brought with him and found the cor
responding photographs and negatives.
In producing them he incurred Knight's
anger, who claimed^ that "by a simple
twist of the wrist" -the witness was
exposing the photographs to the jury.
The court said that was improper and
warned the witness.
Under questions from the District
Attorney, Kytka explained the en
largements on the screen of the fifty
six exemplars of defendant's hand
writing and the corresponding selec
tions from the disputed writings. His
testimony was full of technical ex
pressions. "Hooks," "loops," "termin
als," "character," "construction," "in
itial point," and various other phrases
flowed from him freely and , he traced
I the resemblances with his pointer.
More damaging to the defendant than
the expert's explanation was the view
the Jury had of the enlargements,
which showed to a" startling degree a
similarity between Mrs. Botkin's ad
mitted handwriting and the penman
ship of the note in the candy box and
the address on the wrapper.
When Kytka was asked to point out
the similarity of the handwriting on
the wrapper of the candy box and that
of the two anonymous letters he said it
was so evident that to explain it Would
be a waste of time and he passed the
two over to the jury.
CROSS-EXAMIN'ATION*.
Knight took the expert in hand for
cross-examination about 3 o'clock in
"Did you not call on Sam Short
ridge and offer your services in the
Dillard case and when they were re-
Another storm broke. Byington
objected and Knight said he would
prove the substitution by Oscar Tolle,
formerly clerk in Judge Cook's court.
Kytka was. shouting "He's crazy, crazy,
crazy," and showing in pantomime
with his hands what he thought about
the brain matter concealed under
Knight's scanty, gray hair. The Judge
warned him that he would fine him
for contempt if he made any similar
comments.
At one stage of the examination
Knight asked that Kytka be disquali
fied because he was evidently unfair.
Judge Cook dismissed the motion con
temptuously. Kytka was asked if he
ever solicited employment from attor
neys and if he was not willing to take
any side of a case provided he got a
fee.. He answered in the negative.
"As a matter of fact did you not
substitute for some of the genuine ex
hibits others of your own manufac
ture?"
"Xo. sir." yelled the witness.
THE STOHM BREAKS.
"Xo, sir." said Kytka, "I never
prosecute or persecute anybody."
The witness was asked if he had
ever secured some of the exhibits and
answered that he had by an order of
the court and with Knight's permis
sion*. «
not been hired by the police to prose
cute the case.
"Isn't it a fact that the jury ac
quitted him on twenty-nine counts on
which you testified that he committed
fc-rgery and only convicted him on one
charge, and with that you had nothing
to do?"
The witness started to explain, and
Knight demanded an answer, "yes" or
"no." Byington interposed with an ob
jection, and'judge Cook ruled that the
matter was not relevant.
"Were you an expert in the James
E. Davis case?" asked Knight.
"I was your expert," said the wit
ness.
"Were you right 'or wrong in that"
case?"
"I was right, and nobody knows it
better than you."
"I don't know anything of the kind,"
snapped Knight. "Were you a witness
in the Piper will contest and didn't
you pronounce the will a forgery?"
"I did. It was a rank forgery."
"And Chief Lees came to you with
the inkjgtill wet on the will?"
OBJECTION" INTERPOSED.
An objection was interposed, which
relieved the witness from answering
the question.
"You were a witness In the Becker
case, weren't you?" asked Knight.
"I was and he went across the bay
and broke rock."
. "Well, didn't you testify that he had
painted in the body of the check with
a brush?" ; •
Again Byington interposed an objec
tion, and then the storm broke.
"I want to show," roared Knight,
"that this man is unqualified as an
expert. Why, everybody knows that
in the Becker case he made a monkey
of himself and was the laughing stock
of the community."
''On the contrary,"' shouted Assistant
District Attorney Ferral, "Becker con
fessed that he did paint in the body of
the check."
Kytka was talking at the same time,
and Judge Cook, red ] and angry. - was
endeavoring to get a hearing. Finally
he succeeded.
"Mr. Knight," he . said, "this thing
has gone far enough. If you make any
more, of these kind of remarks I'll send
you to jail."
During the hush succeeding this dec
laration Knight arose to his feet and
asked. on what grounds he had' been
threatened with imprisonment.
"Because the remarks you make are
entirely improper," - said the Judge.
"Then why allow the District Attor
ney to : make them?"
"He is at- fault also, and I'll send
you both to jail on a repetition of the
offense.". .
Knight asked-the witness if - he had
the afternoon and the audience was
given three-quarters of an hour res
pite from the ennui into which the
dry routine of testimony had plunged
it. Knight"-began-suavely-by inquir
ing how Kytka went about his. Work
when a specimen of handwriting was
submitted to him to be examined as
to genuineness. The witness explain
ed that he picked out all the points
in the case, weighed them one against
another and then came to a conclusion.
"In all the examinations you made
of these writings in this case." asked
Knight, "did you find a single point
in favor of Mrs. Botkin?"
"At first I did," was the answer. "I
found ten or fifteen, but on examining
the writing further I discovered that
these points were the result of an
attempt at disguising her handwriting
and that the genuineness of it was un
doubted."
"Were you an expert in the Dillard
case?C
"I was, and he was convicted."
"On your testimony?"
"Yes."
HANDWRITING EXPKttT KYTKA AND SOME OF HIS ENLARGEMENTS OF ADMITTEDLY GENUINE WRITING BY MR?. I
EOTKIN AS COMPARED WITH OTHER CHAPAfTERS IN THE DISPUTED DOCUMENTS. THE LINE "B" IS THU I
ADMITTED WRITING AND "X' IS THE DISPUTED WRITING. '
¦Lot t;2xl22. witb a threc-siery residence, at
2417 Howard street, east line. 101:9*i feet
south of Twentieth street. $11,300: lot and
house at 1312 Pine street. w«t of Hyde. $5C00:
lot and two-story frame building at S22 Turk
street, east of Goush. the lot being 38:9x
137:6 feet, for S12.30O: Nos. 3114. 311* and
3118 Fitlmcre etreet. east line, 53 feet south
of Greenwich. lot S2:CxS2:'i, and Improve
ments, for *.'5"5O: No. 2t>>7 Pine street, lot
22:taS7:»5. and two-story house. $0300: four
low on the west line of Forty-seventh avenue.
ICO south of K street, for $4C0 each for three
and $420 for nne.
This property, with other parcels,
was purchased forty-five years ago by
the two Joseph brothers, and after
the Fraser River excitement the broth
ers retired to England and have never
visited San Francisco since. One of
the members of A. J. Rich &
Co. visited England last year and
succeeded in inducing them to
part with one of their hold
ings for .eighty odd thousand dol
lars, purchasing the same for Simon
Clayburgh. It is a small piece 20
feet by 100 feet, on the south side of
Geary street and adjoining the build
ing now ocjeupied by S. & G. Gump. It
was at that meeting in England that
these negotiations were started for the
Kearny-street holding. The same firm
only a few months ago were the agents
wben the Stolle brothers, who like
wise held their Kearny-street holding
for thirty-five years, sold their forty
six feet by eighty to Frank Maskey
for $250,000.
Easton. Eldridge & Co.. at their
regular auction, which was held yes
terday, sold city properties as follows:
The Kearny-street interests will be
served by one of the most substantial
improvements "yet erected on that
street, amounting to the sum of
$700,000. The firm of A.' J. Rich &
Co. have been negotiating for two
years and have finally succeeded in
securing from the Joseph brothers of
London. England, their holding on the
east line of Kearny street, just adjoin
ing the Chronicle building, to the
north. This has a frontago of 66
feet by almost a uniform depth of
75 feet. The purchase was made for
a corporation, a client of the Union
Trust Company of San Francisco, and
its intention is to erect a twelve-story
steel and stone structure, plans of
which are being prepared. The build
ing will cost about $350,000. will be
fireproof, and will follow very much
in the lines of the Exchange Court
building, plans of which were brought
back by one of the firm on his recent
visit to Xew York.
Joseph Brothers Part With Kearnjr-
Strcet Holdings They Have Pos
sessed for Many Y'ears.
LARGE DEAL. EFFECTED
FOR CENTRAL PROPERTY
During Kytka's direct and cross
examination Mrs. Botkin was worked
up to a highly nervo.us state and fre
quently her emotion found vent in
rapid speech with her attorneys. She
watched the elaborate tracings of the
expert anxiously as he pointed out the
similarity between her own writing
and that of the disputed instruments
and was evidently relieved when his
examination was concluded.
Daniel T. Ames, another handwrit
ing expert, was the last witness of the
day. His testimony was practically a
repetition of Kytka's. delivered in a
less interesting fashion and without
the exciting features of the proceeding
witness. He will be cross-examined
this morning.
jected sell yourself to the other side?"
".\o, sir; that's a lie," protested the
witness.
"Even If Shortridge says it so?"
"I don't care who says it's so; it's
a lie."
Dunning testified that. Mrs. Corbally
came to live with himself and wife on
California street at his wife's invita
tion and that the two women were
close friends. Knight tried to draw the
inference that Mrs. Corbally's interest
in Dunning might have prompted her
to send the box of poisoned candy to
"Never," said Dunning.
After Hosmer had finished Attorney
Knight startled everybody by calling
for John P. Dunning, whom he wished
to examine further. Dunning appeared
in court in his usual nonchalant man
ner and was questioned closely in re
gard to his relations to Mrs. Corbally,
from whom he had testified he bor
rowed $SGO at one time. He said he had
often accompanied her to the Palace
baths and had drunk with her in cafes.
Knight wanted to know what kind of a
bathing suit Mrs. Corbally wore and
whether the swims were taken In day
time or at night. It developed that the
bathing suit was of the regulation
style and that swims -were indulged in
both day and night. Dunning admitted
that he sometimes paid Corbally's life
insurance premium, generally with
money given him by, Mrs. Corbally. "
"Did you ever pay it with money
given you by Mrs. Botkin?" asked
Knight ~ \
John A. Hosmer, who, in' 1898, was
Assistant District Attorney and took a
leading part in the conduct of the first
Botkin trial, was the first witness
called. He was asked in regard to the
so-called "Budd" and "Price" letters
and some signatures on money orders
cashed by Mrs. Botkin, and he testified
that at the first hearing of the case
Attorney Knight, on behalf of his cli
ent, had admitted these to be in her
handwriting.
Attorney McGowan bitterly fought
the admission of this .testimony, main
taining that no admission of Knight's
prejudiciaUto the interests f of the de
fendant could be used against her.
Judge Cook took an opposite view and
on the testimony of Hosnaer admitted
the writings in evidence as exemplars
of -defendant's handwriting. The
"Budd" letter is one written to Gov
ernor Budd by Mrs. Botkin asking for
assignment as a nurse with the troops
going to the Philippines, and the
"Price" • letter is one written from
Healdsburg by the defendant to" the
landlady of the Victoria Hotel in this
city.
KXIGHT STARTLES CROWD.
Kytka's cross-examination was one of
the diverting features of the trial. Dur
ing it there were frequent passages
between the witness and Attorney
Knight, and when these reached a cli
max and Assistant District Attorney
Ferral attempted to sit in the game.
Judge Cook lost his temper altogether
and threatened to send both attorneys
to jail and to impose a fine for con
tempt on the" witness. This threat
brought quiet for a little while, but the
trouble broke out in spots all during
the cross-examination of the hand
writing expert.
"The usual demand for admittance to
the proceedings kept four policemen
busy regulating the crowd and pre
venting the courtroom from becoming
insufferably crowded. During the after
noon session one woman fainted and
was carried out by a policeman. She
was revived in the corridor with some
difficulty and went home. She gave her
name as Mrs. Evans and her address as
408 Stockton street. •
To illustrate the ground upon which
he based his opinion, Kytka had taken
fifty-six exemplars of admittedly genu
ine Botkin chirography and enlarged
them photographically. Beneath these
he placed similar letters or words from
the disputed writings and exhibited
them on a screen about fourteen feet
tall and six feet wide. With a broken
horsev.hip for a pointer he showed the
jury the similitude between the ex
emplars and the disputed writing in
the formation of the letters, the
spacing, divisions between certain let
ters and other characteristic marks
that gave him the basis for his opinion.
The enlarged photographs were al
lowed for the purpose of illustration
only, after a vigorous objection by At
torney Knight on behalf of the defense,
and Judge Cook cautioned the jury that
they were not to be .i^garded as evi
dence in anv way.
DIVERTING FEATURE.
In connection with other circum
stantial evidence that connects the de
fendant with the crime are the address
on the wrapper of the box of bonbons,
a note contained in it and two anony
mous letters written to Mrs. Dunning
telling her of the relations existing be
tween her husband and Mrs.« Botkin.
Exemplars of Mrs. Botkin's hand
writing which are admitted to be genu
ine have been introduced in evidence
and Theodore Kytka, the handwriting
expert, has made an exhaustive analy
sis and comparison of the various
specimens of handwriting. He was on
the stand yesterday and gave it as his
unqualified opinion that the hand that
penned the address of Mrs. John P.
Dunning on the wrapper of the bcx of
candy, that wrote the note contained
in the box and that indited the two
anonymous letters was the same that
wrote the '"Budd" and "Price" letters,
so called, which are admittedly the
genuine handwriting of Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin.
The biggest gun of the prosecution
was fired yesterday in the retrial of
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin for the murder of
Mrs. John P. Dunning in August, 1S9S.
Mrs. Dunning and her sister, Mrs.
Joshua D. Deane. died from the effects
of eating poisoned candy, which was
sent to the former at Dover, Delaware,
from this city, and Mrs. Botkin was
accused of having sent the candy for
the purpose of ridding Dunning of his
wife.
Th.* trial of Lieutenant Frederick B.
N»ii5rn. who Is accused of ; duplicating
his fay account*, was resumed before
the court-martial at the Presidio yes
t<-r3ay afternoon at. 2 o'clock.. The time
v «.« devoted entirely to listening to
*.»5tLrT:eny introduced to show that the
«>fendant had always borne the repu
tation cf being- cf upright character
and that his relatives were people of
high and honorable standing in the
• <-rnii:unity in -which they lived and
were 'at the same time in affluant cir
cumstances. A strong fight is .being
made bjr his attorneys, David Lewi?
and H. C. Pillsbury, to retain for him
his henor and position in the army.
From the testimony offered it would
appear that the defense Intends to show
:Ji*t in- the alleged issuance of the
du£&ca*te pay account. by the defendant
there was no criminal act intended;
tiiat s .t w>is the accident of negligence
• •n;h"is part, and that no attempt was
• y.ad" to"d«»fraud the Government.
< *oion>l Xi T . E. Birkhimer testified that
ih£ had served under him
in tne Philippines in th'e Twenty-eighth
r Volunteers, and he had found him an
/•fficjent. courageous and valiant offi
< er; in fact, hr> thought so much of
html that he had assisted to get him
a commission in the" regular army. He
Stated that while Neiison was Collector
/•f.thf> Pnrt at Taal he conducted that
.rr7W>»-Tvith entire satisfaction.
"Tiintvas Robins, *a wealthy merchant
.cf Philadelphia who happens to be
: h*re "at this time. testifiM' as follows:
I tiM.vJL kr.own the accused and his
funrfly all 'rry life. They are people
• : prominence in Philadelphia. They
arc in af9uant circumstances. His two
bn.-thers. \V. a*hd R. Neilson, are much
older than the lieutenant and have al
vays acted toward him fn the most
kin^.y and fatherly fashion. If he re
<;u J r«»d assistance from them he hid
only to ask for it. and it would be
granted."
Lieutenants Leigh Sypher and S. A.
' Price both testified that they had
prrved with th«» defendant in the Phil
ippines, and both swore that in 'ail their
dealings with him he had been an ex-
Trplary officer. *
Court adjourned at 5 o'clock to con
vene again to-day at l;30 p. m., when
further testimony of' a similar char
acter -will be introduced in the defend
ant's behai"f.
The answer denies that the contract
mentioned gave or pretended to "give
an exclusive right to supply water to
the people of Santa Rosa, and that the
city had no power or authority to make
a contract cenf erring an exclusive priv
ilege. It is averred further that the
complainant violated its contract by
furnishing ' # fetid. disgusting and un
wholesome water," and that the water
had been condemned by the Board of
Health in 1S91 as '"a serious menace to
the lives of the people."
It is recited also that the complain
ant violated its contract by refusing
to- supply water for fire purposes free
of charge to the city. It Is then set
tip that the whole matter In contro
versy was decided in favor of the city
by the Superior Court of Sonoma Coun
ty on May 4, 1S97, and hence the stat
ute of limitations hns run against the
corporation.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday tock under advisement the
suit of the Santa RoSa Water Works
against the city of Santa Rosa. The
complaint was filed on November 1. 1S39,
and it asked that the city be perpet
ually enjoined from operating a munic
ipal system of water works.
The complaint recites that cm Febru
ary *. 1874, the complainant entered
into a contract with the city of Santa
Rosa to supply the Inhabitants with
water for the period of fifty years;
that in pursuance of such contract the
complainant put a system of works in
operation and expended $175,000 there
upon.
It is averred that en April 4, 1S93,
Mayor E. P. Woodward approved an
ordinance authorizing the city to con
struct a rival system of water works
and that the system was inaugurated
later and the inhabitants of Santa Ro?a
were supplied by the city with water
free of all cost to them. The com
plainant avers that by this action of
the municipality the value of complain
ant's property has been greatly dimin
ished and its ability to borrow money
destroyed. It is contended that the
city by becoming a competitor in the
water field has violated its contract
with the complainant, and that the
complainant should not be taxed on
its property fer the purpose of support
in? the rival water works.
Says. Mrs. Botkin
Addressed Box
of Candy.
Officers of Hi<rh Standing
Swpar to Previous Good
Imputation of Defendant
Corporation Holds That
Franchise Is Exclusive for
Term of Fifty Years
MAKES STRONG FIGHT
dudgeCookWarns
Attorneys to
Behave.
OBJECTS TO OPPOSITION
Points Out Simi
larity Between
Exemplars.
Kytka Testifies as
an Expert in the
Matter.
Lieutenant Xeilson Claims
He Had >~o Intention of
Cheating the Government
Judge Morrow AVill Decide
Whether That City May
Conduct a Rival System
NO CRIMINAL
ACT INTENDED
WATER CONTEST
IN SANTA ROSA
PROSECUTION IN THE BOTKIN TRIAL INTRODUCES
EVIDENCE BEARING ON DEFENDANT'S HANDWRITING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY. MARCH 30. 1904.
7
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
KEsaBEaesgEgiDganBi3BgP3EEDaagBBBaffrB3B3gBa«»aaaBanngHaagagBBPnii3a3Baa
BO : ; ; Og
B ¦ ¦ " ¦ ¦ ' ' - ¦ ¦
n ¦
KSan Francisco Backs i
—-—.---—H^^-IMMMiMHpMpM^MgMMBHMfai * H
BJBBBJBflHIIBBJBBjB^BflflB^^BBO^HHnBBEflHBVMHBBfl^ B
¦ I. - . ._----.-¦¦..» ¦• ."¦* I H
Most San Francisco people have bad backs. a
Some suffer severely from backache pains, others have attacks that harass, s
annoy, but seem not serious. Many grievous mistakes come through back a
neglect. The apparent weakness which causes every little strain on the back, m
every cold, every exertion to bring backache pains, is a tell-tale warning from u
the kidneys. The kidneys are overworked, they become congested, and if you "
do not relieve them, urinary disorders follow — Diabetes — Dropsy — Bright's ¦
Disease. Doan's Kidney Pills not only, cure the backache, but cure the kid- B
neysof every complication that attacks them. - » B
¦j - - A I mi n I I « f* O pk "
I f Sao Francisco Proof J ""J" m " I
m B. Edgecomb of 934 Mission st. says: "I knew from the Bl^^SVK/flf/J^X^^S 2
q condition and the action of the secretions from my kidneys that ra Vlft J Ws, ||i§|§ n
|1 those organs were not doing their work completely or as satis- y$k *£'*£«.**»££»«*' U
n factorily as I w-ished. I tried different medicines, but without »..« r .-~ — — •»»»»-« —
¦ any effect or if any it was so unappreciable that I could not "*" E ; n
2 notice it. . It was different with Doan's Kidney Pills. They do *•<>— — — g
H • not act on the bowels, but act directly upon the kidnevs, sooth- «t*ti^ — • „
¦ ing, strengthening and purifying them so that they. perform gT^n — *£5!^.&JL ii*^ g
¦ their functions properly." "*****• I O
Don't Miss This Bargain.
Four-fold screens, heavy frame with
grill top, in oak or mahogany, filled
with, imported French taffeta or bur-
laps, 7 feet wide, 6 feet high; installment
price 58.50; our retiring sale price $4.00.'
Pattoslen Company, corner Sixteenth
and Mission. streets. - ¦ ...,••.
ADVESTISEMENTS.
Two Ways
Ha\c you noticed a difficulty in breath-
fnc — short, quick breath — when you are
walking, poingr upsta.irs, singing, or are
anijry and excited? You may not think
what this means, but doctors will tell
jou it means weak heart action.
Take Dr. Miles' New Heart Cure at
It will strengthen and build up
the weakened nerves and muscles of the
heart, and make it strong and healthy.
Th!« is one way — the right way.
Neglect a littl* while and you will
then notice Fluttering, Palpitation. Diz-
ziness, Faint!njrSp*ns. Pain in region of
heart, side and shoulders. Stomach and
kidney troubles. This Is serious.
It is th* other way — the wrong way.
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
Is a 6a fe, sure remedy, and i» curing
H^art disease right along, as -thousands
will testify.
**I had enlargement of the heart. The
doctors said I could live but a short time.
I took Dr. Miles* New Heart Cure, which
restored me to perfect health." — A. M.
BASSETT. V.'cllington. Ohio.
Money back if flrst bottle fails to ben-
efit.
#% fins #% Ammunition. Hnntlnc and
RSI 11 I W" Sportier Goods. Larg*«t
Ml | i\H rtoek. Lowest I rice*. Send
II i P BlHV I iCT catalogue-
UyEu %J EHREVE &. BARBER CO..
W ¦ ¦ Ta> Mark*t «t. and C21
Ke&rojr st.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is tie osly ear* for xrerross and
Bronchial ASTHMA. •
Your Dnyr»iet or at 1.93 HAiCiHT ST..
Ean Francisco. Cat \
Weak Men and Women
SHOIXD USE EAMIAXA BITTERS. THE j
Great Uexlcan Remedy; gives health and
•tn r.£th to texus.1 organs. Depot. 223 Market.
DIRECTORY
VCF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
l&i&loffue &nd Price Lisu HaUal
, . . on Application.
: . , ¦• FSESE ASS SALT MEATS.
' IA^ RflYF^ & ffl' SWPP** 5 * Butchers. 108
JA3. PUIEJ g WU. Clay. Tel. M»n 1»4
OILS. ~~~
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD & ELLIS.
«K Froat st.. g. r. Phone Mala 1719.
¦ PBXBTX2TG. '
EC HTlfiffF^ PRINTER.Carnegie has given five million dollars more to advance
the interests of another American public institution. The
steel king has left no doubt of his purpose to prove that
it rs possible for at least one man in the world, properly
conditioned by enormous wealth, to cultivate philan
thropy as a habit. It is a habit, however, that not
many will. find it difficult to direct or break.
A Berkeley educator, skilled in' the gentle art of
teaching the youn£ idea how to shoot, has unburdened
himself of the, opinion that we must have uniformity in
the course of study in our' public schools. While form
is unquestionably of primary value" in the premises, is
it not wise also to pay necessary attention to matter?
There are some methods in vogue in the San Francisco
schools that are uniformly dangerous.
EEtnNTJ POPiTTOrc IN I&BBER
fiTRENGTHENIN'a E^CKHCIfc-E.
iStrens^h'/lo press" the finger down in
thi» pimple exercise tis it would if one
*vere seated at a mechanical keyboard
jando UFing the same pressure in an
other 'way. #
G Thft-o is another way of practicing
*vith ihp rubber band, which is also
ben«*ficijil.
This Is to hold tjie band elastic side- ,
vSxs and purh tfye finger away from
it: in tine? word*, in an opposite di
rection. 0 o
. The #ame rules regarding moderation,
vv&iheFs and so on are to be. observed
-here asTin the. first form of the exer
•; The jiupil should place the rubber
"band on each fin^rih in turn, first on
One hand and then on the other, thus
civinpr all the muscles an equal chance
to gain the much desfred strength.
Never let the pupil spend more than
a few moments at a time upon any one
linger, for the exercise, simple as it
snay seem, is the most ("training one I
know of, and the utmost caution must
be observed in Its use. It stands to
reason that the exercise would not be
as effective as it is were this not the
case, but there is.no possible chance
idea, the giving to the world of the
particular message that the composer
had in mind, ehall not be wanting.
There' is always some particular
theme which is to dominate the whole
fugue, while other less important
themes are brought in to make the
work a perfect whole.
A fugue is really to be likened to a
play. For instance, there is the central
and most Important theme (equivalent
to the hero or heroine of the play), next
a secondary theme, and often a third,
taking the places of the lesser charac
ters, while there are innumerable small
passages whose use is merely to hold
the more important passages together
— to effect a change of key, and so on.
these smaller parts bearing a strong
semblance to the unimportant charac
ters who fill the stage and keep the play
going while the hero and heroine
chance to be "off." Looking at a fugue
from this point of view one finds it
much more easy to approach than
when taken as a whole, and evidently
the fugue writers intended their work
to be analyzed, for the principal theme
is always announced, alone, at the very
beginning of the fugue. It enters, so to
speak. 'proclaiming the message of the
entire fugue through a single voice.
As it finishes the first motif, a second
voice takes it up, saying just exactly
what the first voice did, while the latter
goes 00 to a secondary theme.
After this the third part starts In,
and then the fourth, each reiterating
the message of_jhe first voice. The
first voice has meanwhile .gone on from
one lesser theme to ant-ther, being fol
lov/ed invariably by the voices behind
it, as sheep follow one another over a
wall. If the first voice stops for a mo
ment the second voice invariably stops
in exactly the same way, when it
reaches that particular spot in the
thcDae, and the third and fourth voices
observe the same rules. It always
seems the aim of each voice to ex
ploit the principal theme as much as
possible, and as the twistings and turn
ings of the fugue become more and
more involved one becomes conscious
that the principal theme Is always be
ing, upheld by one or another of the
voices until, in the course of the ever
broadening grandeur of the mingled
themes, the fugue Is at' last brought to
a glorious and dignified climax.
If the pupil begins his fugue study
with the "inventions," as I suggested,
he will find it very easy to follow; the
Bo-called "voices" to their legitimate
conclusion, and the way toward the
real fugues will be easily paved.
BOYS OF AMERICA— W. H. S., Cam
awlllo, Ventura County, Cal. No account
has beeri published of late of the status
of the subscriptions taken up to build
a battleship to.be called The Boyfc of
America. If you were a subscriber to
that fund you have a right to write to
those who had charge of it and ascer
tain what the present conditions are.
A Russian officer is authority for the statement that
the, 1 world will never know until the Eastern war is
ever, if it knows then, how many Japanese fighting ships
have been crippled or destroyed by the guns of the
Czar. If we were to accept as true what Russian au
thorities think they see at Port Arthur we would believe
that every- time a Japanese ship was hit it exploded into
a dozen more, each better qualified to fight than that
STREET CARS— A. S., City. There
are fifty-three street car lines in the
city of New York, which Includes the
Manhattan and Bronx boroughs. All
car lines are required by ordinance to
run cars between midnight and 5
o'clock In the morning at Intervals of
twenty minutes. After 5 In the morning
until midnight all cars run at intervals
of three to ten minutes.
OAK FINISH— J. A. B., Oakland,
Cal. Any Arst-class dealer In paints
and oil In your city or in San Fran-*
ciseo will furnish preparations ready
for use to produce "weathered oak
or golden oak finish."
Who shall hold that magic key
But the child of destiny,
In whose veins haf mingled long
All the best blood -of the strong?
He who takes his place by grace
Of no single tribe or race,
But by many a rich bequest
From the bravest and the best.
Sentinel of duty, here
Must he guard a hemisphere.
Let the old wo'rld keep its ways;
Naught to him Its blame or praise;
Naught Its greed, or hate, or fear;
For all swords be sheathed here.
Yea. the gateway shall be free
Unto all, from sea to sea;
And no fratricidal slaughter
Shall defile its sacred water;
But— the hand that oped the gate shall
forever hold the key. • '.
—James Jeffrey Roche, in April
Scribner 8. • - • ¦ t
Here the oceans twain have waited
All .the ages to be mated —
Waited long and waited vainly.
Though the script was written plainly:
"This, the portal of the sea.
Opes for him who hold3 the key;
Here the empire of the earth
Walts in patience for its birth.**
But the Spanish monarch, dimly
Seeing little, answered grimly:
"North and South the land is Spain's;
As God gave it. it remains.
He •who seeks to break the tie.
By mine honor, he shall- die!"
So the centuries rolled on.
And the gift of great Colon,
Like a spendthrift's heritage,
Dwindled slowly, age by age,
Till the flsg of red and gold
Fell from hands, unnerved and old.
And the pranite-pillared gate \
"Waited still the key of fate.
[Philip II decreed the penalty of death
for any one who should propose cutting
a canal through the isthmus.]
Panama.
TYPEWRITTEN COPT— C. A. D..
City. Any kind of white pap«r -will
answer for typewriting copy for publi
cation. If the copy Is to be used on
linotype the most acceptable size Is
%y 2 by VA Inches.
LATERAL. MOTION IN RUBBER
EXERCISE.
MME. NORCROSSE— AL, Brooklyn.
N. Y. This correspondent wishes to
know the address of Mine. Norcrosse,
an opera singer, soprano, who went on
the lyric stage from California. ?
TRINITY STEEPLE — Subscribe^
City. The height of the steeple of Ttln
ity Church, In New York City, la 284
feet, not so high a? the top of Tho Call
building in San Francisco.
'Answers to Queries.
In Friesland there is a custom that
the news of a birth or death Is an
nounced verbally by a man who calls
at every house in the village for that
purpose. If he brings the news of a
birth he wears white gloves; If of a
death they are black. Some days back
a child was born dead In a Frisian vil
lage. It was necessary that the usual
announcement should be made, but in
what colored gloves? The harbinger
was a man of resource. He went his
rounds wearing one white glove and
one black one.
'A Compromise.
Now, hojding "the upper end of the
rubber lightly in .place with the free
hand, rlo^vly and cteadily lower the
end of the f'nger ;i round which the
band is -wound, until it can descend
¦no further. Then slowly let o it return
¦to its forrr.cr position, raising it un- j
til the elastic j ban<l becomes loose
again.
Whil^ followingthese directions the
pupil must endeavor'to keep the curve
of the moving linger jis well as pos-
Fib3e, although he may find it hard
to do so, against the resistance of the
rubber fcand. The finger must not be
allo-w to go down crookedly or in a
one-sid^d way. It must descend in a
straight lijje from where it started
and return to ii* pldce over the same
route.
The principle, of this exercise can
readily be^ understood — the resistance
of tho rubber band is quite as great.
If not greater, than th^t of a weighted
key, and -it takAs, quite as much
. I>et:t£e pupil take an ordinary rub
ber- band, and, winding it once about
the -end- of his middle finger, hold the
¦end-. 6f it tightly in his other hand,
fibdve ihe finger around which the
"band is *ound. • :
The first illustration in to-day's les
t=on . will .make nay meaning plain.
accomplish with .' absolutely no ex
penditure exactly the same end which
it is generally supposed can be gained
only .through the use of the afore
mentioned jpechanical instruments.
The "exercise is a .very simple one,
¦and it ifcay sem incredible to you that
it^ can have the power to develop
Firer.*fth as rapidly cs it does, but its
•value has been j>roved over and over
again.- • . * *
NEWCHWANG is a Chinese river port on the Liao.
It is one of the ports opened to commerce by our
late treaty with China and to which we sent a
"consul. It is under Chinese jurisdiction, else we could
not make a treaty respecting it. Russia has occupied it,
proclaimed martial law and Cossacks have hauled down
the American flag from the consulate and the residences
of Americans. The same has been done with the British
flag. :
This was done by the order of Viceroy Alexieff and it
is not yet known whether the high-handed proceeding is
indorsed by his Government. When that is known there
will probably be diplomatic exchanges between our
State Department and Count Cassini. The. Count will
dutifully convey the studied misrepresentations of his
Government to ours, and there the matter may rest. The
act is another violation of the neutrality and territory of
China. Meantime General Ma, at the head of a Chinese
army the strength and equipment of which are unknown,
is moving toward North China, and Russia is protesting
at Peking that his presence within Chinese sovereignty
with an armed. force is a violation of neutrality and he
must be ordered to withdraw.
The Western nations may not choose to move in^the
matter. But there is no doubt about what they should
do. They should support China in putting Ma and his
army/ right up to the frontier. It is obvious that Russia
intends to continue her outrages upon China until that
upfortunate empire is compelled to- resist. If, at that
time, Japan have an army in the valley of the Liao above
Newchwang and Ma is north of the Kangan Mountains a
1 junction between the two forces would be unhappy for
Russia. In view of this she desires to occupy any
Chinese position that is strategetic as and when she
pleases, pull down flags, violate treaties and keep the
territory free from the military^ forces of China to which
it belongs.
What she failed to get by the secret treaty into which
she would have forced China had it not been discovered
by Minister. Conger she now takes by brute force and in
brazen defiance of the international rights of the United
States,, and Great -Britain.' Maybe such a course will
win and perhaps it won't. The United States has no de
sire . to be drawn into the controversy, but too many
Cossack attacks on our flag may rouse such resentment
among our people that the Government will go beyond
merely pretending to believe the diplomatic lies of the
legation.
FIRST FOZITIOS IN RUBnER
PTHEN'UTHENING EXERCISE.
HAULING DOWN THE FLAG.
"Bill Brown" is a colored boy about
15 years of age. He is even more col
ored than his name would indicate —
he is coal black. He is a wise youth
is Bill, as is evidenced by the records
of the Juvenile Court.
It appears that some months ago Bill
was arrested' for roaming the streets
at unseemly hours and haled before
the Juvenile Court. Judge Murasky,
on his promise to keep off the streets,
released him, but warned him that his
actions would be watched and ordered
him to appear every Friday and let
the court . know how he was getting
along. For several weeks Bill reported
and his statements that he was "gettin*
along all right, mistah," were verified
by the reports of the probation officer.
One Friday afternoon Bill appeared
as usual, but this time he sat in the
jury box with the boys who- had been
arrested during the week.
"How is this, William?" said Judge
Murasky as the black bby stepped up
to the bench in response to his name.
"I thought you promised . to behave
yourself. I see you are charged with
fighting."
"I couldn't help it, mistah," said BH1
with a sly grin. "I jes' has to fight.
You've been pretty good to me."
"Well, Will," interrupted the court,
"what have I got to do with it?"
"Well, mistah," responded Bill, hang
ing his head, but slyly gazing at the
Judge, "yer sent a white kid to de
Boys' and Girls' Aid the, day yer let
me go. Dat kid got erway, and de
odder night he met me and said you
was no good. Mistah, I jes' had to
fight"—
Bill is still on probation.
He Jcs' Had to Fight.
Travelers who have returned from
the heart of Africa and the Australa
sian continent tell wonderful stories
of nest building people who inhabit the
wilds of those countries. In the bush
men of Australia we find, perhaps. th«
lowest order of men that is known,
says the Penny Magazine. They are
so primitive that they do- not know
enough to build even the simplest form
of huts for shelter. The nearest they
can approach to it ia to gather a lot of
twigs and grass and, taking them into
a thicket or jungle, build a nest for a
home. The nest is usually built large
enough for the family, and if the lat
ter be^ numerous then the nests are
of a very large size. Sometimes the
foliage above will form a natural cov
erning, but there is never any attempt
at constructing a protection from tha
rain and storms.
They Live in Nests.
To students of the history of political shibboleths the
fact is not without interest that the followers of For
aker in Ohio are known by their opponents as Filipinos.
This seems to indicate that whatever our opinion of the
little fellows of .the South Sea. Islands may be we are
likely some day to be forced in simple fair play to de
fend them against prejudices in the creation of which
they had nothing to do. The conduct of a Foraker par
tisan is a reflection on the Filipino.
Aids' 40 'Finger Exercise.
BT AKICE TEIUr-WE.
<Eor.j Writsr.)
(Copyright. YX>i. I* Joseph B. Bowles)
There tire a number of mechanical
inventions Intended to be used as aids
to': lh<?" studertf in pursuit of piano
strenst?i. Some of them aH excellent
and of sxeat benefit to the pupil, while
otiiert -arc less so. •All, however, are
quite expensive, and *he purchase of
Fueh things ffeais an extravagance to
.1 nerson'of ?mall income, even though
he. may t»c.niost anxious to learn to
play iho piano well.
Knowing- of the. longing for addi
tional strength that comes to every
earnest student as he advances, I am
going to give you an' exercise which
ill make it posfible for our pupil to
"Working dogs are not confined^ to
any particular variety. A*ny dog that is
large and strong may be used, and a
great many different kinds are seen.
When a person comes to Germany ona
of the first things that is sure to im
press him as strange is the sight of a
dog hitched to a wagon with a woman
as his mate. In Leipsic working dogs
are very numerous, and are mostly
owned by the poor people. So far as I
have seen, the dogs are treated with
consideration by their owners and
seem, in many cases, really to enjoy
their w6rk."
T — r
the three classes. Dogs of the flrjt
class are taxed 20 mark3 (?4 76). those
of the second class 10 marks ($2 33).
and those of the third class only *
marks ($1 19) per annum.
The variety of dog which seems t»
be the most fancied as a pet 1ft Ger
many i3 the short-legged, elongated
dachshund.
"The dogs that are used for hunting
are mostly German deerhound* ami
bird- dogs of the setter and pointer
types. Beagles are seldom used an4
are uncommon. Hunting dogs, aa a
rule, are kept in the country, and very
little is seen of them.
But McKinley stood to his guns, and in the center of a
hollow square formed out of the old guard of his party
refused to surrender. In 1896 he went into the Presi
dency with not a policy recanted nor an act apologized
for. Now, according to Champing Clark, he is fellow-
shiped by those who opposed him and to have been
logical that year they should have supported him in
stead of Bryan.
Clark declares now that there are no Democratic free
traders. They are all for tariff. But what sort of issue
does that make? We appear then to have two parties,
both supporters of the same thing. If the Democrats
make it a question of degree instead of kind, they may
decline upon a revenue tariff. Such a tariff-requires the
high taxation , of what we don't produce, such as tea,
coffee and some few fibers and fabrics. In the fiscal year
1 902^. we derived from tariff taxation $254,444,708 and
from internal revenue $271,880,122. Our total revenue
was $684,326,280 and our total expenditure was $593,038,
903. To be sure there was a surplus, but it is about to
be made useful in building the Panama canal.
Does Mr. Clark propose to get all that tariff revenue
out of the few articles -we don't produce, very few in
number and all susceptible of being substituted? When
ever we have had a tax on tea and coffee the people have
used something else. The high tax that would make
those articles produce the revenue yielded by the Ding
ley bill would at once materially disuse them. The Mc-
Kinley tariff of 1890 was planned to yield revenue and
promote the domestic manufacture of tin, sugar, buttons
and many other things which furnished use for our raw
material, employed labor and made us independent of
other countries.-
Mr. Clark should submit, a .bill' of particulars and cir
cumnavigate his tariff so that the' people will know just
what it meansj Democratic denunciation of the Mc-
Kinley tariff of 1890 elected. Mr. Cleveland in 1892, but
when his party tried to make a tariff it was a nonde
script which he refused to sign and denounced in a spe
cial message as "a record of perfidy and dishonor." We
venture to inform Mr. Clark that the people do not want
any more perfidy-and-dishonor tariffs. Protection is
good enough.
It is not a far cry to 1890,- the year of the McKinley
tariff, which the Democrats attacked like \ Cossacks
swooping on a Chinese village. It was denounced as the
sum of all economic villainies, and, denouncing it, the
Democrats elected the largest majority in the House
that any party has had since the Civil War. The banner
of free trade was flung jocund to the breeze and impas
sioned oratory followed the sunrise across the continent
from ocean to ocean, and then got uo and took a drink
next morning in Maine and renewed the chase.'
Republicans may well pinch themselves and ask with
Congressman Cobb, "Where was I at?" Some one ought
to put a padlock on Dingley's record, or some hot after
noon in the House the Democrats will wave it in the dim
religious light that shines through the smoked glass
ceiling and claim him as an exponent of their time-hon
ored principles.
Buchanan, Jerry Black, Lewis Cass, Toombs, Yancey,
Wigfall, Governor Seymour, Hendricks, Bill Allen, Thur
man, and the long list of Democratic leaders contem
porary, with him looked upon him as the enemy of the
country and the destroyer of the If the
Democracy of to-day adopt him they must adopt also his
supporters, and point with pride to those great and wise
promoters of the principles of Jefferson and Jackson:
Sumner, Lovejoy, Thad Stevens, Joshua R. Giddings,
John G. Birney, Gerritt Smith, John Brown of Osawat
omie, Wendell Phillips, Senator Doolittle and Jim Lane.
Mr. Champ Clark is not to be outdone by Mr. Hearst
in claiming dead Republicans as the exponents of living
Democratic. principles, and so in his issue-making speech
he lifted McKinley right off his seat in history as a Re
publican leader and sat him down on the Democratic
side of the tariff question! '
THE House has had another free-for-all day. True,
the business on hand was the sundry civil appro
priation bili, but the members discussed lynchings,
,the negro question and the tariff. After many spats and
speeches Mr. Champ Clark of Missouri rose to engage in
the manufacture of .an issue for the campaign. He se
lected the tariff and when he finished that venerable and
time-tried question was put out and laid in its corner
while the referee counted ten. One thing in all this
Democratic search for something to use in the cam
paign is interesting, in Mr. Hearst's platform is this
statement: "Believing in the principles of government
expressed by Thomas Jefferson, applied with matchless
courage by Andrew Jackson and nobly supported by
Abraham Lincoln."
Lincoln has been dead thirty-nine years, and is now
adopted as one of the saints in the Democratic calendar!
In his lifetime he opposed everything for which Democ
racy stood, from the time he entered politics as a mem
ber of the Illinois Legislature until the night he was shot
by Wilkes Booth. He opposed slavery; fought the Le
compton constitution, the fugitive slave law, secession,'
free trade and every other Democratic policy. He was
the founder of the national bank system and the second
founder of the Union, and in every measure and princi
ple of government for which he stood was fought tooth
and claw by the Democracy of his day. .
The time has now come to bring up
the subject of fugues. To the un
initiated a fugue, unless it be marvel
ously well played (and even then, in a
majority of cases) is utterly without
meaning, melody or music. Even to
the mildly musical mind, a fugue seems
to have little excuse for being and if
a person who claims to be only "rather
musical" really enjoys hearing a fugue,
he doesn't know exactly why he likes it.
In order to thoroughly enjoy a fugue,
one must study the fugue-form, and
find out what it is all about
The easiest way to do this, is by
studying the "inventions" of Bach, as
I stated in a former lesson. They are
divided into what Bach called "two
voiced" and "three-voiced" inventions,
and the principal difference between
them and a fugue lies in the fact that
a fugue, generally speaking, has four
'"voices," in other words, four parts,
which makes it proportionately more
involved than the "two-voiced" or
"three-voiced" creations. ,
In the old days, the great masters
had something to say, and they did not
hesitate to say it in firm, emphatic lan
guage — and the more voices they could
say it in, and the more times they
could make each voice repeat it, the
better they liked it.
The pupil must bear this in mind,
and in learning to render a fugue in
telligently, must try t«j bring each voice
In turn to the fore, so that the main
After practicing this exercise_ihe boy
must always finish by relaxing mo
tions for the fingers, wrist and arm.
Do not let him forget this, even once.
It should be done naturally, as if it
were a part of the exercise, for I can
not speak too strongly of the neces
sity of careful and conscientious re
laxatic-n after all straining work. The
strain, the sensation of effort, must
not be left in the fingers— there must
be instead a feeling of wholesome re
lief and relaxation if the muscles are
to be strengthened and invigorated in
stead of worn out. This rule should
apply invariably to every sort of music
study, whether vocal or instrumental.
Do not fail to- realize its importance, I
beg of you, and see that the pupil thor
oughly understands it. 0
In practicing the lateral form the
student ¦ should try the exercise first
with one pair of fingers, then with an
other, changing the grc-uping in every
possible way. For instance, after tak
ing the fingers as -they naturally come
(first finger and second, second and
third, third and fourth, fourth and
fifth), he should try the first and third
together, then the second and fourth,
then the third and fifth. After this let
him try the first and fourth, then,sec
ond and fifth, and finally the first and
fifth.
of any harm coming to the pupil
through its use if my directions 'are
feilbtred implicitly and the pupil's en
thusiasm and ambition do not carry
him away to the point of rashness in
the matter. He should stop work the
moment his fingers become tired, no
matter how interested he may be.
ISSUE MAKING.
Every old Stanford man will tell
this story, but for those who know no
Stanford men It will have a refreshing
ly humorous appeal.
In the old days when Brlstow
Adams, Charlie Field and Bill Irwin
were livening the prosaic atmosphere
down at. Dr. Jordan's school it hap
pened that there came to the college
a freshman from the city who had
more money than wisdom and whose
dearest desire was to become a mem
ber of one of the students' fraternities.
He did not hesitate to voice his wishes
to fraternity men, a rank breach of
college etiquette.
So it was that a dozen or more of
the jokers got together and sent a bid
to^he freshman to join their fraternity,
which they said was one of the strong
est in the East, but which was carry
ing on a temporary sub rosa existence
at Stanford. They said that he was to
appear at a certain lonely spot in tho
arboretum at a late hour of the night
with a bus of sufficient dimensions to
carry all the loyal brothers to May
field, where the initiation services were
to be held. He was there with the
bus and to Mayfield some twenty odd
of the mystic circle hied themselves.
The initiation, which was drawn from
the Koran, Josephus, the Talmud and
half a dozen other sources, was a
noble one. Likewise the "feed"
which followed — paid for, by the way,
by the novitiate.
In the height of the fun Bill Irwin
arose and with great dignity read a
letter from one of the prominent mem
bers Qf the faculty, regretting that he
was unable to be present at the festivi
ties, but hoping that the newly initi
ated brother would not be long In
coming to him and making himself
known. After the reading of" the let
ter the neophyte was told that out of
due courtesy he should call on Pro
fessor Blank the very next morning.
Remember to give him the password,
"It is cloudy in the south to-night,"
and the sign — left forefinger to the
side of the nose.
Down at Stanford they still tell of
the meeting the next day between the
freshman and Professor Blank when
the boy brought his instructor to the
front door from his breakfast table to
look gravely at him over his left fore
finger and tell him that it "was cloudy
in the south to-night."
Cloud v in the South.
number of drownings reported is- three." Reports from
Indiana were to the effect that at Portland two men
were drowned and a property damage of $100,006 caused
by a flood in' that section, while from Indianapolis came
a story of a flood that drove 300 families from their
homes and caused an enormous loss of property. From
Battle Creek, Michi, there was a report of losses from
floods amounting to upward of $300,000. A dispatch from
Springfield, Ohio, says: "The worst flood in Spring
field's history threw a thousand men out of employment,
drove twenty-five families from their homes and com
pletely stopped street car traffic." No estimate of dam
age was given. . ¦> -
Since Sunday the reports of each succeeding day have
added heavily to the lists' of deaths and losses in the
various States. In Northern and Central Indiana the re
cord up to Monday night showed eight persons drowned
and a property loss estimated at $8,000,000. In Michi
gan 14,000 people are , reported to be in distress because
of the floods, and reports almost as bad come from va
rious points in Ohio and Missouri.
The floods thus reported occurred along comparatively
small streams. .They are but the preliminaries of the
vast floods that will follow when the swollen waters of
these streams unite to swell the greater rivers to flood
height. It is rather early yet for the Eastern flood sea
son to reach its worst, but before long we 'shall hear of
all the rivers from New England to Texas overrunning
their Hanks and carrying destruction to towns and cities
as well as to farm lands.
These heavy floods come to the entire Eastern section
of the country every year. In comparison with them our
worst California floods amount to but a trifle either as
to the area of country flooded or as to the amount of
damage done and lives lost. Taken at its worst Califor
nia is a much better land for either urban or rural life
than any other part of the world. We have our draw
backs, it is tnte, but when we review them' in compari
son with the tremendous disadvantages of other lands
we can find no reason to complain. Be it wet weather or
dry weather, this is the best land oh earth.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor .'. . » ... . .-. . Address AH Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <i§||g^> •••••• .Third and .Market Streets. S. F.
WE^e7dAyT" .:... :.~ •¦' ¦¦¦¦.....¦.:.....~..MARCH3O,IW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, , MARCH 30, 1904
Townsentfs California fJIar^ frtifts and
choice candles. In artistic flre-ctched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building. •
Major General. Wood has scored another glorious vic
tory in his vigorous campaign against the Moros. , Yet
it is highly improbable that General Wood in all his
military career will ever register a triumph comparable
to that which was achieved for him in his^ absence in a
committee-room of the United States Senate. ¦ *.-¦'¦
I "Like everything else. In Germany,
dogs are divided into classes.*: The first
-class contains the dogs that are kept
as/ pets by people in easy "circum
stances," writes a Leipsic correspond
ent of 'the Washington Star. "To the
second class belong those dogs that are
used for hunting. The third class in
cludes all dogs that are kept for work
i ing animals ' by milkmen, butchers,
peddlers, etc., in or near towns and
cities. Special information supplied daily t»
"In the city every dog is taxed, but *>«»"*«» houses and public men by tt»«
I then Us a distinction made' between SSSV58K? S^ mS'ioS.**
TJrird-Class Dogs.
When the murderer of an innocent girl stood in court
recently to receive a sentence of life imprisonment for
his crime his lawyer declared that the defendant had
nothing to say. It is not improbable that he. felt as did
every one else that knew the story of his dread deed,
that in the gift of , his life he was. receiving a worthless
WHEN first the stories. of 1 ' the floods caused by
the heavy rains in this State were published The
Call directed attention to the 'fact that while the
damage would be severely felt by those upon whom it
fell, yet the loss to the State as a whole would be slight,
and, in comparison 'with the losses resulting from
springtime floods in the Eastern States, almost insigni
ficant. That , statement is verified by reports just ' re
ceived of the storms and floods now sweeping over al
most the whole region of country east of the Mississippi.
The dispatches of a single day tell * story of damage far
in excess of the total flood losses in California in several
years. ~ ..
In the reports of Sunday morning, for example, a dis
patch from Detroit said of the floods along the course
of Grand River: "Estimates made, at various stations
place the flood damages at several million; dollars. The
EASTERN FLOODS.
NOT DUE — J. WT S.. Sutter Creek.
Cal- If a firm "way back East offered
to send you certain things to sell, you
to pay for them after you had sold
them," and the firm did not send you
the goods, you do not owe them any
thing and it cannot collect anything
from you. The threat that the firm
makes that it will sue you if you do
not send it $2 ought not to trouble
you, as-you are hot required to pay
for that which you did not receive.
You would. better refer the matter to
the- oollce. authorities of the dace In
which the firm la located. .It is prob
ably one 'of those concerns that ia ad
vertising with the purpose of trapping
the unwary.
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Husband Threatens Her.
If interested, ask about it at 641 Mar
ket street, San Francisco. The Santa Fe
is the Best Way. •
Santa Fe cheap colonist rates are good
during ¦ March and April. You can pay
the money here and the ticket will be de
livered in the East by telegraph.* Why
nut send? -><- tfiaHl^tiim»^i r W'^Mhi^\m&)IHm
To bring your friends or mother or
family from Eastern Ice and snow to the
glorious climate of California is to do
the best of all.'r- n
The Best of All.
Galen Clark, the Yosemite pioneer,
was tendered a reception Monday
by his friends in celebratfon of his
ninetieth birthday and the publication
of his book on the Indians of the Yo
semite, which has just been Issued.
A statement was read showing that
nearly 1000 copies of the book had al
ready been subscribed for and that
the total profit would be more than
$1500, all of which will go to the aged
writer.
J. J. Lermen, treasurer of the publi
cation fund, presented Clark with a
check for the balance on hand and
paid a tribute to the late W. W. Foote,
who was one of Clark's best friends.
. Clark's health was drunk by all
present.
FRIENDS CELEBRATE THE
BIRTHDAY OF A WRITER
Austrian law permits boys and girls
to marry at the age of 14 years.
John Nelson was booked at the City
Prison yesterday by Detectives Regan
and O'Connell on a charge of bur
glary. He is accused of entering rooms
in the ¦ Winchester Hotel on Third
street and stealing comforters, pillows
and other articles.
Accused of Burglary.
We give special attention to prevailing
forms and engrave visiting cards, wed
ding tnvitatlons and announcements cor
rectly and reasonably. Monograms, crest
and address dies made to order. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
Wedding Invitations.
Songs were sung by Mr. . Ballingall,
Mr. Bremner and Mr. Bestandig, the
latter giving an originaT composition
depicting the thoughts, feelings and
sentiments which were supposed to oc
cupy Mr. Block's mind. > Complimen
tary speeches were made by every one
present. The menu was rather orig
inal in Its way and was ornamented
with a well executed picture of Mr.
Block. .
• The following named were present:
L. Block, Dr. Newman, T. C. Wilson,
R. Newman, E. Boyle. J. Lowenttial,
G. St. J. Bremner, A. Clark, I. Cohen.
S. Bestandig, G. Aurich, J. Frisch, A.
Nicholson, [ H. B. Symes, S. Simon, . E.
Newman. F. Simon. G. Sandy, J.' Sic-
Manus, H. Maloney, I. Newman, J.
Templeton, . Mr. : Nichol, F. McCarty
and A. C. BallingalK
Louis Block, who has been in the
employ of the firm of Newman &
Levinson for the last seventeen years,
was tendered a complimentary ban
quet by his -fellow employes on Sat
urday evening last. The occasion of
the function was the severance of
Mr. Block's connection with the firm,
as he is about to represent a large
Xew York house on this coast. Cov
ers were laid for thirty and the guest
of the evening occupied the head of
the table, while, opposite him Mr.
Ballingall filled the office of chair
man and toastmaster in his usual gen
ial manner.
Employes of the Firm of Newman &
Levinson Honor Louis Block, Who
Contemplates Change.
Burt Short, who pleaded guilty in
Judge Dunne's court to two charges
of burglary, was sentenced yesterday
to serve ten years irt San Quentin on
each charge, the sentences to run con
currently. Short entered the room of
Mrs. R. A. Keener, 620 Turk street, on
December 20, and the room of W. G.
Howard, 800 Sutter street, on Decem-'
ber 24.
Burglar la Sentenced.
POPULAR BUSINESS MAX IS
BANQUETED BY ASSOCIATES
Frank Ballard, alias Alan. Dale, an
ex-convict, was tried before a jury in
Judge Diyine's court 'yesterday on a
charge of robbery. The jury was out
only ten minutes. Ballard held up
Thomas Cronin. an old man, outside
a saloon on Commercial street, near
Kearny, on October 19 and took a
gold watch from him. The prosecu
tion was weakened by the fact that
Cronin had left the city, but his evi
dence taken at the preliminary hear
ing was read. Ballard will be sen
tenced On April 5.
Ballard's convictipn has given the
greatest satisfaction to the Police De
partment, as he was looked upon as
one of the most dangerous crook3 in
the city. He has* been known for
years as a "knockout drops artist"
and about a year ago he escaped con
viction on a charge of having such
drops in his possession, Judge Cook
giving a decision that the ordinance
under which the charge was made was
defective.
Ballard has already served three
terms in State prison.
Is'an Ex-Cbnvlct and Has Been Known
for Years as a User of Knock
out Droj>s.
Screens In oak or mahogany. 5 feet
wide and 5 feet high, tilled with the
best silkoline. In all shades; the $3.50
quality for $1.50. •
A GREAT SCREEN* SALE.
A Beneficial Offer at Pattosien's Re
tiring Sale.
JURY FIXDS BALIiARD
GUILTY. OF ROBBERY
The cantata is to be given by a
special choir of mixed voices under the
direction of J. de P. Teller, organist
n-n-d choirmaster of the church, and
he; has been fortunate in securing
som* of the best soloists from
rhjjrches on both sides of the bay.
Nearly all of the fifteen singers occupy
solo positions o< prominence and the
polo parts in the cantata are to be
taken by Miss Beulah George, solo
soprano of the First Presbyterian
Church; Frank Onslow, tenor of Cal
vary Presbyterian Church; Alfred C.
Read, barytone of the Tenth-avenue
Baptist Church of Oakland, and Harry
L..-: Perry, basso of the First Congre
gational Church across the bay. The
assisting singers will be Miss Ruth
Weston. Mrs. Blanche B. Young-, Mrs.
M. E. Mead, Miss Rose Broderick, Miss
Anne Flint. C. O. Henley, George W.
Read and W. R. Kneiss. Rea Hanna
¦will preside at the new organ of the
. hureh. which was recently recon
structed and dedicated.
An interesting event jto musi- lovers
.¦wiH be' the presentation of Dubois*
K&cred tantata, ."The Seven Last
Words of Christ." at the Church of the
Advent, on Good Friday night. The
music was written for the Friday of
i?assion week and nothing could be
"ra6re adequate in giving musical ex
lCr£ssion to the agony of the darkest
of; the days which immediately pre
•"•de-the Joy of Eastertide. At the
Fame' time the music is not of the
darkly solemn nature which has no
ToQch of gladness, but there are on the
o'or.trary many choruses and solo
numbers which are rftythmical and full
of- h&rmonies which bespeak the joy
buX a few hours distant.
\XiZX choir at t!u> .Church
; of the Advent.
Beaut if ul Husic Will „ Be Suns by
l'LA>T° PftEKEVTATION' OF
I)lIiOIS'«.SACIXKI> CANTATA
Yeong Cheong, a Chinese, also
pleaded guilty to a charge of receiv
ing stolen goods and will be sentenced
on Saturday. He had several Chinese
small boys employed to steal jewelry
and other articles, paying the boys a
small percentage of their value. The
complaining witness against him was
Quan Chong, a merchant at 824
Washington street.
Fred Raabe Jr. appeared before
Judge Dunne yesterday for trial on
two charges of robbery. He withdrew
his former plea of not guilty and^
pleaded euilty to both charges. The'
Judge ordered him to appear for sen
tence on Saturday.
Raabe and two other youths held
up Eugene E. Cerf of 1125 Octavia
street at Post and Franklin streets on
the night of January 10, taking from
him a watch and $5. The following
night at Octavia and Fell streets
Frank Heissner of 1716 Bryant street
was held up by Raabe and his two
companions*. Raabe struck him on
the head with the butt end of a re
volver and relieved him of 53.
Fred Raabe Jr. Pleads Guilty to Rob
bery an'd Y"eons Clieone to
Receiving Stolen Goods.
PRISONERS SAVE CITY
EXPENSE' OF TRIALS
His report states that the main build
ing contains twelve classrooms, two of
which are built in the yard and a store
on Broadway and Larkin street is rent
ed for another class. In the main
building are two basins without vents
and one Is used at such Infrequent in
tervals that the trap Is dry. The roof
Is leaky and on the middle jioor the en
tire side of one wall W^so drenched
from the rain that all of the plastering
has been loosened and the blackboards
have been warped out of place. The
lower rooms are dark and electric lights
are necessary on cloudy days.
The classrooms occupied by the
youngest pupils are extremely dark.
They are constructed of rough lumber
and have weather strips that, do not
keep out the rain. Dr. Tillman says
that in one room he found a puddle of
water that extended the whole length
of the room. He also found the lava
tories in a bad condition and says that
they cannot be condemned too soon.
Dr. Tillman's report will be acted upon
at the next meeting of the Board of
Health.
Acting under Instructions from
Health Officer D. F. Ragan, the dis
trict health officers are inspecting the
public school buildings as to their san
itary condition. "The Board of Health
is determined to have all existing evils
corrected and where it is found that
the health of the pupils is endangered,
the school will be ordered closed until
the necessary repairs arid alterations
are made. District Health Officer Dr.
Frank J. Tillman has filed a. report
with Dr. Ragan relative to the condi
tion of the Spring Vallev School on
Broadway, between Polk and Larkin
streets.
Dr. Frank J. Tillman, District
Health Officer, Files Report.
UXSAXITARY SCHOOLROOMS.
The world's greatest contralto, Mme.
Schumann-Heink. will be heard in this
city in three delightful scrag pro
grammes at the Alhambra Theater
Tuesday and Thursday nights and Sat
urday matinee next week.
The programmes will embrace some
of the greatest arias ever composed for
the contralto voice and songs by Schu
mann, Schubert, Richard Strauss, Hugo
Wolf, Arditi. Liszt and other great
composers. No singer that'has been
here with the big opera companies has
had more friends and admirers than
Schumann-Heink. and when the box
office opens at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
to-morrow morning a long line of pur
chasers may be expected. Great con
traltos are rare and the public knows it.
Schumann-Heink will receive a warm
welcome.
Mme. Schumann-Heink
to Fill Engagement
at Alhambra.
ilMB. SCHUMA.VN-HE1NK, WHO
WILL GIVE THREE CONCERTS
IN THIS CITY.
We realize .the Importance of this subject ;
and petitioned, the Utilities Committee of the |
Board of Supervisors at the time the items of j
the bond issue were being considered to in
clude in the bond issue a sufficient amount to
cover coat of a thorough overhauling of all
unsanitary toilet3 In the School Department,
but unfortunately this item was left out of
the bond lssve by that committee, under th<»
belief that it might invalidate the entire bond
issue. ¦ Be that as It may. the unsanitary !
conditions which you complain of and which |
we are most desirous to remedy still exist anl j
will continue to exist unless means are pro- !
vtded by the Supervisors for the Board of j
Education to abate the nuisance.
This bc«rJ stands ready and willing at all i
time to co-or*rate with your honorabU board i
In all matters that will Improve the general :
bealth of our children and we respectfully i
re-Quest that when the Board of Bducation j
roes before the Board of Supervisors for a '
sr>ecial appropriation to lmDrove the sanitary j
conditions of the schools that your medical^
experts will lend us *ueh assistance and give
such explanations to the Board of Supervisors
a* their technical knowledge of the subjects
will permit.
For the last tv;o years this board stands
*>n record as havlnj: reported the unsanitary
condition of this school and of many others in
a worse condition to. the Board of Supervisors,
v.-ith a request that an appropriation be al-
Icwed thf* department to remedy the evil.
With the amount of money allowed this de
partment by the Board of sjupervtsora in the
annual budget of the last two years it has
been absolutely in;m<?sible to do more than
!>ay the salaries or tbe teachers (amounting
this year to over $1,020,000). and provide the
necestary supplier, paint and make urgent
repairs. -.
President Roncovieri/)f the Board of
Education s*nt a communication yes
terday to the Health Board in answer
to the Matter's request that immedi
ate steps be taken to remedy the un
sanitary condition of the drainage and
'plumbing in the Pacific Heights
School. Roncovieri submits a list of
schools which, he says, are in worse
condition from a sanitary point of
view than the Pacific Heights School.
The communication continues:-
F. H. Ames. C. S. Aiken, Kdward P. An
tron. Leo E. Alexander, M. S. Alexander, J.
W, Amraih, S. U Abbott Jr., L. Amsteln, E.
L. Atkinson. Fisher Ames, H. U. Brand»n-
Fteln. Paul Bancroft, Charles Brandensteln,
II. F. Band. Fred W. Boole. Harry B/bcock.
David Bush, Henry Brune. E. A. Bemhard. J.
L.. lile'y. W. A. Beard. George C. Codding. E.
R. Cutler, C. II. Crocker. R. A. Crothers.
James Den man, William W. Deamer, Dr. A.
A. d'Ancona. Dr. P. - de Vecchl. John T. Dare,
B. F. Durphy, Arthur Elocsser, Charles W.
Fay, A. R. Fredericks, M. J. Fontana. Thomas
Fletcher. Sanford Sclsenbaum. William Gups
feld. Kdmond Godchaux, H. K. Grecor. John
P. Gallagher. John T. Gilmartln. F. Gottfried.
Charlea H. Ham. P» S. Hubbard. L.. Heyne
maim. Fre»l.F. HaUrht. William F. Harris. M.
Heynemann. K. I* Heuter, R. B. Hale. John
Galen Howard, Harrv Howell, A. G. Hager
dorn. W. A. Irwin, David Starr Jordan. Kufus
P. Jeunincs, Charles "YV. Johnson, Floyd S.
Judah, Fred J.. Koster, T. B. Lyman, Colonel
W. W. Lymar.. n. P. Lathrop, C. H. Morrell,
George W. McNear. ! Constant Meese, W. H.
Metson. Henry G. Meyer, John McNaught, F.
P. McLennan. James McXab, F. V. Nelson, H.
C. Norton. H. R. Newbauer. J. C. Nolan,-Ar
thur G. Nason, Joseph O'Connor, Henry Payot,
J. Flaw M. V. Politeo, Alex Peers, H. O.
Paten, J. M. Patrick, J. I. Pedler., William
Rleger, P. C. Rossi. D. L. Randolph, W. G.
Richardson. David Rtch, Rufug M. Steele, W.
D. Shawhan. H. H. Sherwood. Carl H. Schmidt.
Charlea E. scnneely. A. Sbarboro, Charles
Stallman. 1-Tank J. Symmes, Carl Schilling, N.
Schmidt,, Thomas S. Smythe, George W. Tur
ner, R. L. Toplltz. A. II. Vail. J. Parker
Whitney. Parker Whitney. Fairfax H. Whee
lan. William M. Well, T. J. Welsh,- Gustave
Worraser, C. J. Wetmore. R. Ellis Wales, R.
C. Warner. Walter J. Wilson. George Whlttell
and Benjamin Ide WJ>eeler.
The California State Board of Trade
is arranging for a royal excursion of
California merchants, manufacturers
and producers to St. Louis. A special
train will be rHn under the manage
ment af the California State. Board of
Trade. about the middle of May, when
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition will
be well under way.
The expectation is that a large num
ber of representative men of this State
will take the trip, the purpose of which
is to make at St. Louis a demonstra
tion for California and also to afford
an opportunity to journey to and from
and view the exposition attractions un
der the most favorable and agreeable
circumstances possible.
The Board c-f Trade "has selected the
middle of May as tha time for starting
because the weather will then be de
lightful in St Louis and overland travel
will be pleasant. Round trip tickets
will be $67 50 each, first class and ninety,
days' time will be given to return, so
that the party going in a. body may re
turn at leisure individually. Choice of
routes returning is also given without
extra charge.
Secretary L. M. Fletcher of the Cali
fornia State Board of Trade is mak
ing the necessary arrangements, and
reservations should be made with the
board as early as possible. Mr. Fletch
er's long experience as a railroad man!
makes certain that the excursion will
be well handled.
All. the details for the third excur
sion in this State of the California Pro
motion Committee have been arranged.
An extra Pullman car has been ordered
to- be attached to the train at Los An
geles and about twenty-live prominent
men from that place will accompany
the party on the trip to San Pedro,
San Diego, Santa Ana, Riverside, Red
lands and Pasadena, covering two days'
travel. There will be included in the
party representatives from the Sacra
mento Valley Development Association,
the California Central Coast Counties
Improvement Association and the San
Joaquin Valley Commercial Associa
tion.
Holders of tickets may make berth
reservations on presentation of tickets
at the headquarters of the committee,
25 New Montgomery street, to-morrow
morning at 9 o'clock. It is particularly
requested that those desiring' to join
the excursion who have not yet regis
tered do so at once. The following have
registered to date:
v.-ar<J says ft is now the duty of the
poStea to ° see that the former practice
of* keeping poods on the sidewalks is
no'l again resorted, to. The iron foun
dries have also, been notified to remove
jnachiiSery and stee! billets from the
fi<ie\j-alkji, < 'but on account of tfie heavy
character of the "obstructions more
tinse^Yiiil be given" for their removal
than in 4^e ofker c^ses olted.
clear the sid.ewqftcs! " Other warehouse
man tl^t o are storing goods on the side
ualks'will be«gfven notice to remove
t-Jienioforthwith.
.•Commissioner -Woodward stated that
out of f eiglity noticf s served in the
tiawptowji district but one had been
disregarded, jind »the sidewalks are
r!'T\v cl c «>ar of all obstructions". Wood-
Th* 'board has already moved to the
corporation yard at -Sixteenth and Har
rison streets 5050 Jjrfcks Jhat for a long
time obstructed the, s'id'ewalk in front
of the store jind offices of the same
concern at 21 1 DrumiA .street. There
are still 16.000 bricks on' the "sidewalk,
and a representative of the firm visited
Commissfoner Schnjitz '.yesterday and
bepgred that the remaining bricks be
not removed to the corporation yard.
He Said o arrangements would b* made
to dispose of the brick. He was in
i?rmed that the -firni would have to
stand the expense °©f moving the 5050
!«ricks° to the corporation j'ar>i, amount
ing fo° 530. 'which is pcactically the
I«ene!ty for hia°fntainlng obstructions on
the public sidewalks.
' Behmi't* stated th&t the matter of re
irioiing, the° bricks in front of the
firm's warehouse at th# corner *of Bat
t«ry and e Union streets would be taken
yvAer cadtfisemerit scri4 that the firm
would be °griven a reasonable time to
One of the offenders in that
regard is the Hf nry Cow>ll Lime Com
pany, which at present Jias.lOO.OJO.flre
bricks upop the fronting iVb
warehouse at the corner * of Battery
and Union streets". ..
The Board- of Public Works
had unfte* consideration yester
day the- matter of proceeding against
• wners of warehouses wtto permit the
FideVa!^ in front 6f tl^ir .'premises to
i>e littered with goods tKat belong in
*=id<» pt t!je* buildrhgs.. Notices will be
served tip^rt the warehousemen to re
move Btucb obstructions; a? in the case
c£ wholesale dealer^ m-tfie downtown
districts.' • " "••"'
CHICAGO, March 29.— A child's testi
mony reversed saved five men to-day
from the gallows. The result was a
striking parallel to the case in which
a fortnight ago Millionaire Peter Van
Vlissinger practically demonstrated
that under police pressure a boy named
Wiltrax had given false testimony,
leading to the conviction of the boy's
father, for murder. i
¦To-day's instance c-f j'OUthfuPunre
liability under oath was in the case of
William McCarty and four Polish young
men, on trial far murder, the ¦witness
being a little girl, Apollinia Starlsta,
who first gave direct, straightforward,
eye-witness testimony, apparently es
tablishing beyond question the guilt
of the men, and then repudiated her
sworn evidence.
In explanation c-f the remarkable
change of front the child declared that
she had been instructed how to testify
by the widow of the murdered man.
Charges against the prisoners were
withdrawn by the State's attorney, the
five men walking Out of' the dock free
by order of the court.
Promotion Committee Com
pletes Arrangements for
Trip to Southern Counties
]Un Oiie-Firm-Qut of Eighty
Disregards the 'Notice to
Remove tlie : Obstructions
Will Co-operate With the
-Health Board in Correct
ing the Bad Conditions
Charges Are Withdrawn and
the Five Alleged Murder
ers Obtain Their Freedom
GOOD. WORKjBEING* DONE
3IONEY NOT AVAILABLE
MANY GUESTS EXPECTED
School Directors Want an
Appropriation to Improve
Sanitation of Buildings
Board of -Works WilJ Order
Removal op Goods* Stored
by Them on : the Sidewalks
State Board of Trade Will
Run Special Excursion to
the -St. Louis Exposition
PBISOXEBS NEAR DEATH
Girl Who Gave False Testi
mony in Chicago Repudi
ates Damaging Statements
CHILD SAVES
CONVICTED MEN
BUSINESS MEN
TO MAKE TOURS
TO ASK FUNDS
OF SUPERVISORS
WAREHOUSEMEN
TO BE WARNED
NOTED SINGER
WILL APPEAR
IN CONCERTS
THE SAX FRANCISCO GAt-L,, WEDNESDAY. MARCH SO, 1904.
Portugal is the most illiterate coun
try in Europe; nearly;,68 per cent
of; her population cannot :write. • In
Italy the proportion of Illiterates is 53
per -cent;, In i. Russia;. 36 :per; centr . in
Spain,.* 9. per, cent, and in". Britain not
quite '4 per -cent. - .-•'
Mrs. Mary Shea, 32' Norfolk street,
sedured a warrant from Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest .of
her husband, Michael, on a charge of
threats to kill. She said she and her
husband had been living apart and she
had been, working hard to® support
herself and familjv He was a heavy
drinker and a victim of the, morphine
habit and had frequently threatened
to take her life. , '
9
% AMXrSF.TfENTS. '
yOLURflsIA i« m&
LAST 4 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATUttDAY.
MARY
MANNERINQ
(Management Frank McKe«.)
In Leo Ditrtchstein's New Modern Comedy.
HARRIET'S HONEYMOON
Next Sunday — German Performance — AlameJa
Lustsplel Ensemble In "Das Opf»rlamm."
NEXT WEEK — F. Ztezfeld Jr. Presents
NAPOLEON THURSDAY
1OO PEOPI.E ' '
HANDSOMESf CHORUM IN THE WO. LD
5 big p:
...NEVV ACTS...v->
Fire Mowats; Muzuz and Maxett;
Coakley and' McBrlde; Wesson,
AValtcrs ami" Wesson; James H.
Cullen;
La Belle Guerrero;
Taffnry's Dogs; Billy Clifford and
Adelina Uoattino and Clara Stevens.
Regular Matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. "Prices, lGc. 23c
and BOc. • " -. \ '
CALIFORNIA
f3 A MTSTEST E^
That Completely Baffles Solution.
ANNA EVA FAY
In her great sensation.
"SOMNOLENCY"
MATINEE FOR LADIES ONLT "
a TO-DAY. - 1;
H Sunday — America's funniest, biggest
¦ farce. MlFADDEN*S FLATS.
.
TIVOUSSB:
SECOND WEEK
AND TREMENDOUS SLXCBSS OT .
Mr. Pickwick
A Musical Comedy in Two Acts.. Based en
Charles Dickens' Masterpiece.
Initial Appearance Here ' «£
DORA DE F"lLLIF»r»E
The Eminent Lyric Soprano.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
¦ Hext— "THE BEOGAS &TUXH1ST.'*
Usual , Popular Prices 25c. 50c and 73c
Prcscenlum and Mezzanine Box Seats. .11.00
— ; ¦*¦* j ;
COSTS B; NEEDED
BUT I BY'
LITTLE. ALL.
An Ambitious. Funny Turkiah Lyric Comedy.
That everybody should see who wants to be
cheerful.
Filled v.-ith actual . Novelties, Sengs. Dances.
... ' Specialties.
RESERVED SiSaTS— Nls;nts. 23c, COc and
T3c. Saturday and Sunday Matinee*. 23c and
50c. Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
RacingipBll^ Racing
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
RacLnsr Each ; Week ' Da -. Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily v
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track ta&a
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:3u,
1 :00. 1 :3O or 2 o'clock. No smoking In last two
cars, - which ¦ are reserved for ladies and their
escorts. - •
. Roturnlns trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS 11/ WILLIAMS. President.
PEBCY.W. TREAT, Secretary.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEETISEMElTTa
FIND the chair shine a
convenience ?
Can't call it a comfort
Haven't you felt a cold
shiver when black - daubed
hands turned up your trou-
sers ?
And when you've paid
your dime for a sticky coat
of turpentine and lampblack
you can't feel that your shoes
are clean.
, The " convenience " is a bit
doubtful, too.
Takes ten minutes at least.
A three-minute session at
home with Regal Shoe
Dressing will give you a real
shine; a smooth, clean, dura-
ble, satiny shine for some-
thing under a cent.
(Incidentally a shine that
dresses the leather — makes
it pliant and supple.)
At all Reg al Stores— 85 Cents. *">|
THE -SHOE THAT PROVES
There are 72 Regal Stores. 22 of them
in Greater 'New York, where the styles
originate. The new styles are on sale at
our San Francisco 9*pre at the same time
as In the New York Stores. \
San Francisco Store, Cor. Gear; & Siockion Sis
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)BOTELBUTLER
SEATTLE.
-
REMODELED ASD REBUILT at expense
of J260.CC0— New Management— ENTIRELY
FIREPROOF.—
LOCATION— Very ( acceFsible to street c«
lines, theaters, etc. • EUROPEAN PLAN.
22S ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rocma In antique decorations^.
Turkish Baths tn Hotel. • ¦¦ . .
i: UNSURPASSED JtSSTAURAXT. De Stel-
jer. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astorl* and
Chef to Prince of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: 'Telephone Connec-
tions In every room; Ions; distance connections
made with any part of the cea«t.
Wire for reservations, at our expense.
BXTTLER HOTEL. Seattle.
PaiarA dont fail to
i aiaw Me th§ beaotifta
j COURT Lounging
/Sflfl room, ibt EMPIRE
aul * PARLOR, the
r» j PALM ROOM, tho
Iff*^ fifl LOUIS XV PAR-
n 1 "'*¦'¦¦' DIES* WRITING
Hoteis room-
MISCELIi ANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL!
"OAKLAND vs."SAN:FRANCISCO
AT RECREATION PARK,
, Eighth and Harrison sts. .
' Wednesday,- Thursday, Friday,' 3:30 p. m.
> ' ... Saturday. 3p. m. ' '•
Sunday. 2:30 p. m.
Advance sale of seats at 5 Stockton -. st. -
> : Ladles' days, Thursday and Friday, -
Don't Forget This Is the Last
Wednesday of the Month.
There Will Be
Something Doing '
At Pragers.
Don't Miss It.
II ALWArs RELIABLE |
>* 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.A
PBAGEES
THERE IS A fa^
RIGHT WAY and a WRONG WAY ffl
-—TO BURN N QAS ™
Z* i»^£rk Ia' 'Ley. rfS-v^stTsl 1 lHPlliaw|M| \» •>. „# CWKBHR
C^jffiyfiTWTss '^"•^frSffwS^^ .^F^MSS3SBt t vV*"*' -^IHk \\ttgfc*isW vc '-^fftSr'w
A burner with a "s-Foot" A burner with a "3-Foot"
¦tip consuming 5 feet of "Gas tip consuming 5 feet of Gas
• giving Good light. J giving Poor light.
If your Gas Burners arc unsatisfactory send zvord io the Gas
¦;¦' Company, addressing the "Gas Information Bureau."
AKTTJSEME2ITS.
MECHANICS' PAVILION ASBiPiJSK
NORRIS & ROWE'S
NEW BIO SHOWS
CIRCUS, MBNAQBRIB
MUSEUM, HIPPODROMB
Just Twke Larz«r tbxa Ever Before
2-El&S BL / T v A A a T E ED 81GS=2
A NEW CIRCUS THROUGHOUT
AEBNIC ARTISTS AND ANIMAL ACT02S
' \ -¦' '
Admission — Adults 25c: children 15c. Reserved
teat; — Adults Etc; children 25c. Box seaU $1.
THI3 WEEK ONLT— MAT SATCRDAT.
> Mrs. ' fe 1 ? II)sea '» pl:^
F« !_. HEDDA
IOI\y GABLER
NEXT WEEK.
Mon.. Tues.. Wed. and,' Friday, Saturday
Thursday. i Mat!ne». Sat. Nixht.
"DIVORCONS" "A DOLL'S HOUSE"
&nd " and
I "A BIT OF OLD "A BIT OF OLD
CHELSEA."! CHELSEA."
SEATS READY TO-MORROW MOFwNINQ.
ALCAZAR Ira"
__^_ General Manaxer.
AT 8 TO-BIOHT — Mats. Sat. aad Su.
LAST WEEK
of Warner's Impressive Miracle Play,
...PARSIFAL...
The music by an orchestra of Twenty.
Eves.. 23c to |1. Mats. Sat. A Sun., 25c to 73a.
Next MONDAT— Eadter Week Only.
Augustus Thomas' A« |Ua (\tt\ot
Famous Comedy. UlT lllfcJ yUlCt
WUllam. Collier's Greatest Success.
-v : --- Regular Prices Then Resumed. '
CENTRAL'-l?
Market »t.. near Eixhth. Phone Soutb 439.
TO-NIGHT, LAST fEJCr Ul I OTI CT%
TIME OF THE intllUolLLlV
FARCE-COMEDY * "*" ¦ ¦ w v ¦ t - 1 -. 1 *
EXTRA!
BT SPECIAL. REQUEST!
TO-MORROW NIGHT— FOtTR NIGHTS,
MATINEES 8ATCRDAT AND StTNDAT.
HeRSCHEL MAYALL
In His Greatest IniDersonation,
RIP VAN WINKLE.
DDfrcC Eveninss...... . .......... 10c to SOa
rttiWCO Matinees 10c. XSe. 23a
Monday Next — "AROXTND THE WORLD E«
... EIGHTY DATS."
Clark's Comedy Dog .Circus
AnA a Great Show Every Af teraooa aad
ETt&inr in th« Taeater.
TCNJOT TOUBSELF IN CARABET DE LA
MORT.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MTSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Take a TRIP DOWN THE FLUME.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c: Children, 5c
When Phoning- Ask for "The Chutes."
"SCHUMANN-
HEINK
SEATS READY TO-MORROW
SHERMAN, CLAY &. CO.'S.
PRICES $2.00, SI.50 and $1.00.
Concerts Albania, iu. Apr. 5-7. Ma?. 9
\A/. T. HESS.
Votary Fnblic and Attoraey-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Room lol."». ..!.«iu tKl*.
Telephone Mam DfrX
--. Residenctr. 1SO2 McAllister st.
._ Residence Telephone Pag« 5441."Bridge . Whist. 1 ; "Five Hundred" and
all other tally cards. "Military Euchre,"
"Flinch," "Panic." "Pif'^and all new
backs In Congress Playing Cards. San
born, .Vail & Co., 741 'Market sW --•. '
XEW YORK. March 29.— Polo club
representatives of the United States
have be*?n invited to attend the annual
meeting of the National Polo Associa
tion to be held here on April 19. Dates
lor the season will be awarded. As
there are said to be good prospects of
fti Knplisli team coming over for the
tit. Louis Exposition games, efforts will
br- made to revise the rules with a view
to uniformity.
Jiisrlish l*oloists at St. Ix>ui.s.
St. Mary's College Nine a t Stanford.
The St. Mary's College baseball .team
will journey to Palo Alto to-day to
play '' the Stanford varsity nine. The
last time these teams met St. Mary's
won by a 9 to 4 score. The batteries
will be Ferguson or Schofleld and Ryan
for St. Mary's, Fritch or Sales and Ball
for Stanford. - . \ '•
Delaney expected to meet Harry Pol
lock, Munroe's manager, to-day to post
forfeits for the fight.' but 1 learned "that
Pollock was in San Francisco looking
after the interests _of Ybung. Corbett.
Forfeits, therefore, will not be posted
until the party reaches the coast, after
which Jeffries will begin "active" training
at once.., ..
NEW YORK, March 29.— Jim Jeffries
will leave this city next week, accom
panied by his manager, Billy Delaney;
Joe Kennedy, his sparring partner, and
Kid Eagan/.'for'.' the West. ..where he
will start training for -his . fight with
Jack Munroe. He will probably train
at Los Angeles.
The Present Intention of the Cham
pion 'Is to Condition Himself
at Ix>s Angeles..
.TTCFFRIES COMING .WEST
TO TRAIN FOR MUNROE
Jack Lamar of Brooklyn knocked
Jack Montana out 5n the third round
of a scheduled ten-round bout.
SAN DIEGO, March 2$. — Billy de
Coursey and Johnnie Ritchie met for
their second twenty-round boxing
bout before the San Diego Athletic
Club to-night- De Coursey was de
clared tlie winner on a fouf in the
eighth ro'un'd, after Ritchie had
knocked him out with heary blows to
The jaw. Although the referee gave
ihe fight to De Coursey he declared all
bets off, owing to the furious uproar
that followed his decision.
I)e Courscy Wins on a Foul.
The- water doIo came played at the
Lurlirie Baths last night between mem
bers of the Lurline Club attracted the
greatest number of swimmers that
have participated In a game for some
time. The game was a fine exhibition
of water polo, although somewhat one
sided. W. Harris," captaining W. P.
Stockton. J. A. Geddes, A. Heinz, H.
Heinz, O. Schiiltz. W. Clark and E,
Smithy defeated W. Pomin (captain),
George Dawson, W. Bray, T. Harris,
H. Seebach, J. A. Jackson, O.' Baldwin
and E.. Dawson by a score of 6 to 0.
The second relay race for the Gleason
Challenge cup between . the ; Lurline
Swimming Club' and the Olympic Club
v.'ill take place in the Olympic tank
on April 6. The men who will repre
sent the Lurline Swimming Clubvwill
be H. A. Widemann, W. P. Jackson,
A. H. Young, A. D. Schmidt and O.
Schiiltz. The Olympic Club men have
not been : selected.
Water Polo at Lurline Baths.
The^San Francisco Turn Verein will
give its annual demonstration of phys
ical training at the Alhambra Theater
Sunday night, April 19. There will
be more than 600 participants and the
exercises will be accompanied by a full
orchestra. The programme will be
under the' direction of Hans Goetz, the
instructor of physical culture of the
San Francisco Verein. F. Zecher is
the chairman of the committee hav
ing the affair In charge arid' Arthur
Brand is the secretary. ' Following is
the % programme:
Tableau, "Our School of Physical Culture":
calisthenics, first class of girls; exercises with
the lone wand and pole cllnbingr,' first class of
beys; exercises with dumbbells, second class of
beys; vrand exercises, third class of boya
calisthenics, fourth class of boys; flac" drill,
second class of cirls; single and double flag
FT.-ir.Eint. L. Hlnz; dasswork- on three-eld*
horses and pyramids, junior members; exer
cif*s on the horizontal bar,* active members:
Indian »lub ewinginr. third class of girls and
ladies; broadsword fencing; exercises on the
rcrallel bars, active members; exercises with
dumbbells, senior members; ¦ exercises with
Iron wands, active members; dance and march
roundell. third class of girls; pyramids, actlre
rr.embers.
Gymnastic Exhibition.
Stanley L-omas, kennel manager for
C. K. Harley, has returned' from the
Eastern bench show circuit with his
string, of fox terriers, Warren .Coast
guard, the noted wire-haired, \ being
among the lot.
The valuable special prizes offered by
the San Francisco Kennel Club for its
forthcoming show in Mechanics' Pa
vilion have auickened the interest of
owners of well bred dogs. Entries for
the show, will close on Saturday and
the indications point to a represen
tative exhibition. The office of the
club at 630 Market street will be open
every night this week to accommodate
intending exhibitors.
James Mortimer of New York, who
will judge all classes, is recognized as
one of the best judges. In America. With
the completion of his duties as super
intendent of the big Westminster Ken
nel Club show at New York City he
went to Chicago to judge the show
there. He will judge at Milwaukee
and then come direct here. Mr. Morti
mer Judged here four years ago and
his awards gave general satisfaction.
No city in the United States can
boast of so many Japanese spaniels as
can San Francisco. A number of these
costly animals will be exhibited.' Mr.
Stevenson has one of the finest kennels
in the United States. The toy breeds,
always favorites with the ladies and
children, will be represented, by Blen
heim, English toy and Japanese
spaniels, chows (Chinese dogs), mal
tese terriers, Yorkshire terriers, Mexi
can hairless, long-haired Chihuahua's
Italian greyhounds, pugs, Pommera
nians and skye terriers.
Class Promises to Be Unusually High
When Judge James Mortimer
Commences His Duties.
Error — Francis. Two-base . hits — Smith.
Chase 2, McCreedle and Sple*. Sacrifice' hits—
Ko58 and Djpnnan. First base on errors — Lcs
Anpeles 1. Left on bases — I»s Anceles 7.
Portland 3. Bases on balls— Off Hall 1. off
Iben? 1. Struck out— By Iberg C.'by Hall 1.
Double play — Drennan to Castro to Francis.
Time of same — 1 hour and 30 minutes. Um
pire — O'Connell.
SUMMARY.
Totals. 32 3 10 27 17l Totals.29 0 3 24 13
P.UNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
L09 Aag-eles ...000201 00 x — 3
Bare hits .....2 0 1 3 2,2 0 0 x— 10
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 1—3
LOS ANGELES, March 29.— Halls
effective pitching was responsible for
the defeat to-day of Portland. The
score was 3 to 0. Ibergr was hit freely,
but fine fielding: kept the score down.
Chase, Los Angeles' new first base
man, played a star same, securing two
doubles. The day was cold and windy
and a small crowd witnessed the
game. Score:
. .*¦''- *..* * -' ¦
Los Aneeles — , Portland—
AB.R.H. P.A.! AB.R. H. P.A.
Brnrd. cf.3 0 1 a 0 Frmn lb.4 O 0 14 o
Flood. 2b.4 0 14 4;McCde. rf.4 O 1 O O
Smith, 8b. 4 12 1 « Nadau, 11.3 O 0 1.0
Crvth. rf.4 111 0 Castro. s..4 0 O O 2
Ross. If.. .3 O o 0 0 Beck. 2b. .3 0 10 4
Chase, lb.4 1 2 14 lJDnan. cf.2 0 0 2 1
Toman, a.4 0 0 1 a^Fracs. 3b.3 0 111
Bpiei, C...3 0 2 3 0 Stelmn. c.3' 0 0 6 2
Hajl. p.. ..3 0 10 .tilbergr. p. .3 0 0 0 J
In Form.
Northern Men Arc Slmt Out by the
Ijos Angeles Stars — Cliase
HALL'S EFFECTIVE PITCHING
PUZZLES PORTLAND BATSMEN
The training table for the Califor
nia athletes was finally Incorporated
into the athletic life of the university
yesterday by the selection of the-fol
lowing: men to appear at the rendez
vous at the Dlninir Association: Emile
TL Abadie. Willard Sperry, Bert
Chaplin, Anthony Meany, Olie Snedi-
Rrar, Claude Kern, C. Boy, Zacharias.
l^ouis A. Frei, John A. Wilcox, S. R.
Srymmes, A. S. Moody, Arthur • M.
Cooley. R. G. Clifford and W. W. Gil
more. These men will dine daily at
the training table until the. day of the
meet with Stanford two weeks hence.
Hendrickson is the swiftest of the
Fprinters. He is good in the 100-yard
and 440-yard dashes. He does 100
yards easily in 10 2-5 seconds. Thom
as, th^ high jumper of the team, has
but one arm, but this does not seem
to interfere with his leaps. Voorhies
iu the mile and Davenport in the shot
put are also men to be feared. The
teams will line up in the following
order to-morrow:
Two-mile run: Pomona— Voorhies. Cali
fornia— Tibbetts, Wheeler. Olien. Lowell, Joy.
La Crane*. Anthony, Trtchert. Clifford, Boy".e,
Harkfr. Stanley, Newbail, Hackley, Lyonp.
J.I««dy. Robertson, Hrad, Darting, Stuart.
Italdwiu. t^pauldinc. Farrins. M»ala.
J'JO-yard daeh: Pomona — Hendrlckson. Cad
wa'ader. California — Abadie. Snedlgar. Bino
hr.m, Lasater. Davis, FYlckey, JeweJl. Ein-
Ftfln. VVhitmore, Kruschke, Crlete*, Neighbor,
\>n Sant, CalLalian.
120-yard hurdles: Pomona — Nobl*. McCor
irick. California — Meany. Fr*l. Hume.
HUO-yard hurdler : Pomona — Noble. Cad
¦walader. California — Hume, Fret, Meany,
Howe, LjtcJi.
220-yard darn: Pomona— Henflrtckson, New
man. California — Snedijar. Zachatiaa, John
•¦tone, Jone*. Jewell, Laaater. Bln^hatn, Lipp
man, WHeox, Davis. Whitman, Stanton. Blake
inore. Kern. Krutchke, Callalian, Nottage, Ad
ler. EineteJn, Prerao.
880-yard run: Potaont — Whorton. Califor
nia — Alien. Ktewart, Newhall, Clifford. Hume
Teichert. Worth. Fpauldlnr. Waite, Baldwin,
Kdwards, Mishler. Meals, Hackley, Howard,
laa Ciranse.
440-yard dawh: Pomona — Ilendrlckson, New
man. California — Edwarde, Bufford, Whit
man, Foster. Hartley. Nottaue, Biakemore,
Grunsky. Kern, Whitmore, Howard, Adler.
TVilcox. Premo, Bockrnan, Thoman, Bralnard,
Davit.
Hammer throw: Pomona — Moorman. Met
caJf. California — Chubb. Sperry. Zacharias,
£3 Hot. Gravea, Boynton. Hartllne.
HIf3i iarcp: Pomona — Bishop. Thomas. Cal
ifornia — Clark, Boynton, Abbott. Parker,
Cecley, Gterea, Zoph.
Fhot put: Pomona— Davenport, Moorman.
Calltorcia— Sperry, Ollmore. Fautz, Elliot,
Licda, O'Connell, Bockman, Nlshan.
Broad Jump: Pomona — Hume. California —
?cynton. Snedicar, Neighbor. Kern, Clark,
o*ey.
Pole rauH: Pomona — Davia. California —
Wilcox. Sjmmes. Caae. Behulti. -: "
HEAVY ENTRY IS EXPECTED
. IN THE KENNEIj CLUB SHOW
<_APT.AIN AND CRACK SPRINTER OF THE POMONA COLLEGE TRACK TEAM. THE MEMBERS OF WHICH, THOUGH
«KnATLY OUTNUMBERED. WILL MEET THE MEN WHO WEAR THE BLUE AND GOLD OF THE UNIVERSITY OF
<-ALITORNIA TO-DAY IN COMPETITION AT BERKELEY OVAL. , .
PROBABLE WiaflEM.
Tirst race — Shellmount, Maraschino,
Vaiallo.
Second race— Bob Baron, , . Hooligan,
Iilght of Say.
. Third race — Bowena, .aim* May sow
dish, Xiouis Me.
rourth race— Arabo, Ben MacDhui,
Veterano.
Plf th . race — Bed Cross Horse, Ocy
rone, Halnault. -
Sixth race— Foaaart, Flaneur, Lady
Kent.'
Modern .Woodmen to Entertain.
To-morrow, night Goodfellowship and
Occidental ; . Camps ' of \ the Modern
Woodmen of America and , the Camp
of I the" Royal-Neighbors of the M. W.
of A. will -give a joint entertainment
and social; in Pythian Castle.; It will
be Uhe first' of the kind given by this
order in this city. - -__
Would Take Purrlnffton's Place.
Charles H. Ro~binson yesterday ap
plied to the Superior Court for spe
cial letters of administration upon the
estate of his mother, Caroline Robin
son. He states in his request that be
cause of the recent removal of C. W.
Purrington, administrator of the es
tate, some one should be appointed' to
care for the property pending the lit
igation over it inaugurated by the
Hibernia Bank. A notice of mo
tion for a new "trial of the suit re
cently decided' by Judge Kerrigan,
which "vested title to part of the Rob
inson estate, was also fljed.
Sale of Seats for, Circus.
The advance gale of seats for Xorris
& Rowe's circus, which opens at Me
chanics* Pavilion Friday night, wili
be held to-day at Sherman & Ctay'.^
music store. Special attention will be
paid to the seating arrangements a;
the pavilion and all holders of re
served seat coupons will be guaran
teed their places.
The Oakland baseball grounds were
submerged yesterday and when the
Oakland and San Francisco teams ar
rived to line up for, action the. players
discovered It E would | .be . necessary j to
have bathing suits instead of baseball
garments if. they "were to play ball.
The game was declared off, much to
the , disappointment of a large gather
ing of fans from . this city and Oak
land.- The teams will play this after
noon', at Recreation Park if the clear
weather holds out.
Baseball Grounds Submerged.
Attorney F. TV. Sawyer filed a pe
tition in the Superior Court yesterday
asking that Frances Noonan; widow of
the late Jeremiah Noonan, explain
why she did not file her husband's
will for probate. Jeremiah Noonan
died in 1901, leaving considerable
Eastern and San Francisco unimprov
ed real estate and a large sum of
money in the bank. Since his demise
his widow has managed his furniture
business in this city. Mrs. Noonan
said last evening that she would file
the will forthwith, her failure , to do
so to date being due solely to negli
gence.
Lawyer Wants Will Probated.
SAN JOSE, March 29. — Johnny
Reiff, one of the greatest of American
Jockeys, announced to-day that he will
retire from the track. "There Is one
thing sure," said he, "and that Is I
will never ride in America, and un
less I receive my license to ride la
France I will ride no more. If the
license is granted I may go to Francs
this spring."
Reiff is at the home of his parents
'near this city. Since he was injured
by being thrown at Chicago last sum
mer Reiff has grown heavy. He Is far
beyond his usual weight and it would
be almost impossible to get to his for
mer condition. Reiff has been prom
ised reinstatement upon the French
turf, but it is so long coming he has
almost given up hope.
Besides the fine home they pur
chased for their parents it is said that
both Johnny and Lester Reiff have
saved fortunes from their riding.
Johnny Ueiff says he will go into the
horse breeding business In this vicin
ity. He will purchase some thorough
l bred mares and will raise race horses.
Jockey Who Gained Fame In This
¦ ." Country and Abroad Win
Ride No More.
JOHNNY REIFF;, ANNOUNCES
RETIREMENT FROM RACING
The case of J. H. ¦ Kennedy, who is
on the civil service list in line for ap
pointment as a police officer, occupied
much of the Police Commissioners'
time last* evening.' Kennedy should
have been appointed; last January, but
certain charges were made against
him and he lost his place in line at
that time. The Civil Service Board
found that the charges were false and
the Police Commissioners wish now to
appoint Kennedy, but want the former
board to again certify to his name. This
the civil service people refuse to do,
saying they have already, done so.
The matter will be settled amicably
at the next meeting.
' Policeman Thomas P. Kinch was
fined $50 for not reporting for duty
and Policeman James Gill was found
guilty of being, intoxicated, but will
not be sentenced until next Tuesday
night.
Police Commissioners.
1 Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and
up; celling :
6487 Past Master (McAIester) 107
(64S7)Boutonntere (Jones)- * 107
(637S)Lady Kent (Wellman) , "\m
(G463)*Po»sart (Case) !**103
6480 Flaneur. ( McCafferty) :...... " J0 7
•Apprentice allowance.
Fifth race — Six furlongs; three- yeax-olds and
up; selling: I
4704 Orlana (McKenzle) 10**
C451 Hulford (Stover) ' »S
C4Q3 »G. W. .Trahern (Quinlan) 107
•5474 •Ocyrohe I (Coffey) .....* 95
6474 *Halnault (Thomas & Reavey) "lCK
6108 Red Cross Nurse fWentworth) 93
Third race — Futurity course; three-year-olds;
selling:
4537 Rowena (Burns & Waterbouse) 110
H4S2 Harka (Wellman) 105
644« Emll (Williams) HO
6448 Miss May Bowdlsh (Blasingame) 110
•34«2 Louis Me (Devin) 107
C4S2 Jack Lattle (Fine) 112
M19 Queen Fay (Murray) 105
Fourth- race— Mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and up; handicap:
(6403)Arabo (Jennings) 117
6473 Veterano (Vlvell) ..; 97
(6437)Warte Nlcht (Wllkerson) 100
(C459)Gateway (Lottrldge) , v
6437 Ben MacDhul (Ryan) 106
Second race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling:
B459 Hooligan (Fountain) 105
«339 *Bob Ragon (Summers) 109
6447 'Plrella (Miller) 100
(K351)»Del Carina (Smith) 103
6447 'Light of Day (Coffey) 109
yeSas^nT^?,^,^- toU furlon " : four "
"» Teufel (Magrane) .....105
64tO Jean Gravter (Becker) ioa
*fut*? v. m McCle A v y (University Stable).... 103
SiS }'S oroso ' (Appleby) 103
f>326 Montezuma (Capps> 105
6484 'Seaforth (Redmond) **""lOO
BICO Vasallo (Piedmont Stable) '.'.'.'.'.'.'.106
6463 Maraschino (Smith) ;.iob
6474 Nilgar (Lelser) 106
0426 Blondura (Devln) 103
5448 Sbellmount (Wellman) "103
64rvS »Slsepvlne (Haskell) icj
6458 Tom Mitchell (McNeil) 105
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Napa Stock Farm's great filly Arisbe.
winner of the Bell stakes, will meet
Pinkerton again on Saturday In the
Gebhard stakes at Oakland. Barney
thinks that he has a wonder in the
black colt and Trainer Dick Williams
concurs \ in his employer's opinion.
Pinkerton will probably reach Oakland
to-day from Los Angeles. He will be
ridden by Jimmy Boland. Frank Otis
will have the mount on Arisbe. The
weights for the stake will be named
to-day.
Not all the members of the ring quit
loser on the afternoon's proceedings,
for "English Bill" Jackman won $2S0O.
Bookmaker Gus Bluhm, with his
family, will depart shortly for the
"East.
It is stranse that Quiz could not
show first any part of it in the last
i ace. The gelding always liked heavy
going. .
Buxton is busily engaged, it is said,
writing a book entitled "Does it Pay
to Rfd« One Good and Two Bad
Races?" . .
With Diderot to all outward appear
ances a member of the has been class,
the mile and seventy-yard number
looked easy for Galanthus. The talent
fell on the Coffey horse with both feet,
forcing the odds down to 7 to 10. Dide
rot showed speed for something over
a quarter of a mile, when the favorite
went to the front, winning without ef
fort at the close from Chickadee.
IrO.U, at" one time hopelessly out of
the running, took third, place from the
weakly ridden Frank Woods.
Buxton's ride on El Piloto in the last
race was a t gorgeous piece, of nonsen
sical horsemanship.. Figured on Green
wich time, "Frisco" Hoag's gelding was
1 year 7 months 29 days 3^ hours 16
minutes the best and thus finished sec
ond. There was some talk of the
race beinga "shoo-in", for Criss Cross,
which 1 , mare closed '. equal , choice with
Oro Viva. Possibly, it was only ¦ idle
gossip, ' such as is . handed ; around on
tracks every day. At any rate, . Oro
Viva" got away .badly "and Criss- Cross
•won" by half a length. from the wretch
edly handled El Pllotcr. ' : <1
. Napa Stock Farm's stake winning
filly Arisbe looked far and away the
best of the five starters in the two
year-old scramble and the liberal price
of 7 to 10 could be had about her. She
had Frank Otis on her back and, catch
ing Sea Air at the paddock, scored
handily by more than a length. Harry
Stover's George P. McNear took show
honors from Inspector Halpln.
Harry Thatcher did not start In the
six and a half furlong run next decided
and Optimo enjoyed first call at odds
of 6 to 5. The gelding was ridden by
Crosswaite and, beating his company
away from the barrier, only galloped
from start to finish.. Sue Johnson tired
perceptibly, as the stand was ap
proached and Vanderbout, on Pencil
Me, secured the place.
GAIiAXTHTJS IS FIRST.
Reeves, the entry of Lamasney Bros.,
looked a legitimate 7 to 10 chance for
the opening event, still the books laid
3 to 2 at the start off. Bonner rode the
bay horse, which won as he pleased.
In a hard drive Mountain landed Edu
cate, a 1« to 1 shot, in the place, a neck
before Salto. Colonel Ballantyne made
his first appearance this season and
ran a fair sort of race, even if he col
lected nothing for his owner.
REEVES WINS IIAXDIIjY.
The feature event was the handicap
at six furlongs, for which the Jennings
pair, Letola and Nigrette, had a de
cided call. Sad Sam tried to make
good with his 114 pounds, but Letola,
piloted by Travers, passed him when
ready, and won by four open lengths
from Ocean .Dream, the second choice.
Nigrette finished third and with any
sort of fair handling could have been
second.
Horses are not supposed to run to
their best form over a muddy track,
but this rule was broken on six straight
occasions yesterday at Oakland. Be
ginning with Reeves and ending with
Criss Cross every first choice was led
away to the stable wearing a brand
new set of winning brackets. The regu
lars were out in full force and the
major portion of the bookmakers were
hard hit. J -v?.- ;
Third race. Tennessee Cluo mine, six fur
longs — Auditor won. Red Man second. Cogno
men third. T;me. 4:18.
Fourth race, one mile — Dan McKenna, won.
Fossil second. Sambo third. Time. 1:43*4.
Fifth race, steeplechase, short cours«— Duk»
of era naught won, Melbourne Eclipse second.
Golden Link third. Time. 2:57H-
Sixth r»-ce. one mile — Dutiful won. •Maxitan*
second, Falkland third. Time, 1:44. . _. .
First race, selling, five furlongs — Monastic
iron. Clear the Arena second. To San 'third.
Time. l-.OSi;.
Second race, selling, four furlongs — Fine Cut
won. Lieutenant Ttlce second. One Way third.
Time. :51.
MEMPHIS. March 29.— Montgomery P^jit re
sults: . • •
Racing oft Memphis.
WASHINGTON*. March 29.— Bennlngs r<
sii its: ,
First race, five and m half furlongs — Paul Clif
ford •Tor, Momon second. Queen Elizabeth
third. Time. 1:00 3-».
Second race, half a mile — Dulcl Belle won.
Jade second. Mon Amour third. Tim*. :60 4-5.
Third race, six furlonga — La Theroll won.
Coquette second, Hockland third. Time. 1:19k
Fourth race, six furlongs — Andrew Mack
won. Tide second, Erother Hood third. Time,
1:1« .1-5. •
Fifth race. s«ven furlongs — Sals won. Hono
lulu second, ,TraD€zlst third. Time. 1:50.
Sixth race, rteeplechase. handicap, about tw>
miles — Imperialist won. Trinity Bellv.aecond,
Provost third. Time. 4:17.
Bcnnlngs Jlace Results.
LOS ANGELES. March 29.—Notwith
standing the defeat of five out of six
favorites at Ascot to-day, the books
were hard hit. Every winner except
one, Agnes Mack, was at good prices
and was played all over the ring. The
field books especially suffered from the
victory of Geisha Girl, which, after
being played from 40 to 1 to 12 to 1.
won by a nose from Victoria S, the
favorite.
Chemist, at 6 to 1, started the proces
sion by taking the first race from th«
favorite. Liberto, with Little Secret
third. In this race Lurdan was cut
down on the first turn. The hamstring
of his left leg was cut as if severed by
a knife. He was destroyed on the track
where he went down.
Mistletide. played from 10 to 1 to 6
to 1. was the next winner, beating: Eu
genie B a head, with Pat Bulger third.
Geisha Girl took the next by a short
nose, with Victoria S second and the
Covenanter third.
Elie, at 10 to 1. won the fourth at a
mile and a sixteenth, Platonius was
second and Jingler third.
Agnes Mack took the fifth by a nose
and Farmer Jim the last race by a
head from Discus, with Evander third.
Weather fine, track good. Results:
First race, on» mile, selling— Chemimt. 10S
(Anderson). R to I. won; Liberto. 03 «J.
L*:wis). ». to 5. second; Little Secret, 108
(Prior). 12 to I, third. Time. 1:43%. Inso
lence. Flamero. Tloleta. Gray Morn. Emir,
Uim and Uppercut also ran. Lurdan broke
his lee and was destroyed.
SeconQ race. Slauson course, selling — Mistl»
tJde. S>7 I Lawrence), ti to 1. won; Eugenie P.
103 (IJooker). 'J to 1. set-ond; Pa.t Bulger. 12a
(Prior). 3 to 1. third. Time, 1:11%. Golden
Ivy. Handsome Florry and Durbar nlso ran.
Third race, five and a half furlongs. *e|i!ng~
Cfebtta Girl, 99 (Booker), 12 to 1. won; Victor a
S. UKl (U Johnron). I to 1, »«con<J; Rin*
RiOge (Fek-ht). 9 to I. third. Time. 1:00%.
Jack Rlche'iou Jr. «»<?n<»ral Oonjp. Roltalr*.
Aunt Gertrude. Innsbruck. Gibraltar and Th«
Fourth rare, one and a sixteenth mlloji, dell-
In? — EUe. 87 lAnderaon). 1<» to 1. won; P!a
tonius. li'5 (Cooker*. :: to 1. second; Jingler
III (Prior). !> to Z. third. Time, 1:00%. , Erne,
Canejo and G!?nrie» also ran.
Fifth race, flv<? and a naif furlongn, milling —
Agnes ila'-k. 104 (Prior). 11 to 5. won: Wager.
10? (Lawrence*. 0 tr> I. second; Katheqn*'
( Ernl.«. It:.-* (Puiran*. 7 to i third. TlBje. 1:M>.
Military. Emshee, Eldred. Hindoo Princess and
Nona I! ai;o ran.
• Sixth race, seven furlongs, (telling— fr*ariner
Jim. 110 (Feleht). 5 to 2. won: Discus. 110
IJohnson). Id to 1. second; Evander. 102 •Sin
rot t>. 7 to 1. third. Time. 1:29k Xeko. Mart*.
l"!truiia and Lurar a!so ran. .-.-¦'--
Rufe Smith, "lightweight champion
of Colorado," secured the decision over
Young McConnell of the Reliance Club
in the tenth round". Smith, though
eighteen pounds lighter than the Oak
lander, simply played with him. Mc-
Connell must learn not to do his fight
ing on the floor.
Young Dempsey of West Oakland and
Kid Kennedy of the Eureka Club
fought a lively f6ur rounds to a draw.
When the betting opened in this city
yesterday afternoon Turner was in
stalled an 8 to 10 favorite. There was
a heavy play on Cordell early in the
evening and the betting shifted com
pletely around. Cordell went into the
ring a 7 to 10 favorite. It was thought
for a time that the betting had a bad
look, but the result did not. bear this
out.
¦ They started oft in the first round
with Turner swinging hard and land
ing a couple of knockdown blows. A|
the opening of the second Cordell
went to the floor under a whirlwind of
swings, and then the white lad began
to lead with his left, using it constant
ly to Rufe's head. Turner missed
swings repeatedly, his blows falling
short. Then the fight settled down to
a continuous performance of left jabs
from Cordell to the negro's nose.
From the fourth to the tenth round
Turner did very little work, occasion
ally making a rush into Cordell, but
failing to do any damage.
Jack appeared to gain confidence
with the progress of the fight, and, if
anything, that cost him a victory on
points. His constant jabbing, how
ever, was not strong enough to more
than keep Turner's nose bleeding.
With the opening bell in the eleventh
Turner jumped in and with a heavy
left put Cordell to the floor. Jack
took George Harding's count of nine
and- was up in time only to go down
again under another terrific jolt.
Turner put in a third as soon as Cor
dell straightened out, and the finish
came with the fourth, a heavy right
straight to the point of the jaw.
BETTIXG IS PANICKY*.
COUJ>KLT, IS DOWN*.
¦ * . . .
Rufe Turner, the colored boxer from
Stockton, knocked out Jack Cordell, the
Hayes Valley boy, in the eleventh
round last night at the Reliance Club,
Oakland. Turner's right and left
swings came in one, two, three, four
order at the finish, catching the Hayes
Valley lad clean on the jaw and set
tling a fight that for eight rounds of the
ten before the knockout was Cordell's
on points. The white lad's advantage
in reach gave him the best of the box
ing, and it was when he closed in on
Turner that Rufe landed hfs stiff
swings which settled Cordell's game.
The Hayes Valley contingent was
hopeful for a while that the contest
would go the fifteen rounds, but
Turner, jabbed as ha was, did not in
tend that it should end that way. Just
before he started to the center in the
eleventh he whispered "I'll get him In
this round." Cordetl did his best work
in his straight jabs with the left to the
face. His tries at Turner's body did not
avail. Indeed the finishing blows came
while Cordell was essaying stomach
punches.
Horse Is Too Badly Injured
to Permit of Removal From
the Track — Ring Scorched
OA.KImA.WD RACETRACK— TUESDAY, Mar. 29.— Weather cloudy. Track muddy.
«4itl. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $025.
X .2?." Horge and Owner. I^VtlSt. *i '. \£. »;. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Ov- Cll
<f£L M eVM / 4 - (L ? r raasne y Bros.).. 109 a ... ; -2 % 1 n t 1 1 2'/. Conner 7TTT 8-2 6-5
f«M»? « u° at V (1 £ eg i rty & Co) -" lOi ' 2 •" 1 h 2 h 2 « 2 a iMountaln .. 1« »«
?£% ?.alto. 3 (D. 8. Pounteln).... 02 1 ... r % 4 1 4 h .". h Vandrbout 5 »
Si'? ?°. m S 1^ 111 - 6 (T - C - cllffo '<l> 10» 4 ... 6 2 C » R 4 4 2 I. Powell... . 6 \M»;
ISi Col, Ballantyne. 6 (Rnldson).|l09 7 ... 7^74 7 364 McHannon 10 15
£?« l J , alIroo . m T ? e1 "'- 4 (Josephs).. | JM B ... 3 lfcS h ti ii « 4 Crcsawaite •* «
6410 Titus. 4 (D. Meek) [106. K ... 4 »; 5 2 3 »i 7 6 Otis » ls
I 8 " 0 - 6 <O - W - Miller) |1<W B ... 8 8. 8 8 Buxton .... 13 25
M51 Scherzo. 3 (Pueblo Stable). . .|101 Left !J. T. Shehnj 8 V£
Time— :26. :32. 1:16. At post 1U, minute's. Off~at 2:13»i. Reeved place, 1-2; show, nut.
Educate, place, 6; show. 3. Salto. show. 3-2. Winner b. h. by St F1or!an-Hellopoll«.
Trained by D. Lama3ney. Scratched— Zenonian Vasallo Thank Haven. Start gool.
Vvori very easily. ¦ Xext three driving hard Reeves outclassed his company. Educate
ran a game race. Salto ran a fair race. Tom Slavin should have been among the flr«t
Kin shortl y- Ballroom Belle _qult._ _yarro_blg
<J4«5. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; purse; 2-year-o!ds; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner! IWtlSt. V*. V*. ??• Str. Fin. Jockey. ! Op. Cl.
(«321>) AriBbe (Napa Stock Farm).. U3| 2 2n 2 1 1 l'i Otis 3-5 7-10
0471 Sea Air (Mrs. C. K. Miller).. 106 1 1 2&1 1%2 7 J. T. Shehn 7-U 13-5
0471 George P. McNear (H. Stover) 118 4 ...... 3 1 3 >>4 3 1*4 See « 12
6292 Inspector Hatpin (Schreiber). 1C9 5 5 4 2 4?; Mountain .. 1© 12
C42.{ !SHeo (El Prlmero Stable) 104 3 4 n 6 5 Tullett .... W 200
Time— :25. :52. At post «/i minute. Off at 2:38%. Arisbe place I-.*.; show, outi Sea Air.
place. 2-5: show, out. McNear, show, l-l» Winner b. f. by Brutus-Annhj Bucking
ham. Trained by G. W. Carroll. Start good. Won 'handily. Second driving. Third
easily. Winner best. Sheehcn on Sea Air lost ground on stretch turn. McXear ran
a mild race.
O4OO. THIP-D RACE- Six and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. *325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. jWtlSt. U~ i7! *i. Str. Fin. i Jockey. | Op. Cl.
5970 Optimo: 5 (R. W. Price) llOSl'l 1 *H1 l l il 2 13 17 iCrosswalte 6-5 11-10
04G8 Pencil Me. 6 (J. N, Mounce).. 11021 5 4 1^3 1 3 2Vj3 2 2 n Vandrbout « S
631ft Sue Johnson, a (O.P..Wllliair.s)|113 3 2 n 2 2^i2 1V>2 n 3 2»i I Powell... 4 3
<J448 Bogus Bill, a (S. F. Capps)..!108l 4 5 21,65 3 "5 3 4 n 4 =»; McHannon 10 10
•»0S Assessment. « (A. Xeal) |!10 2 :; U 4 n 4 2 B 5 3 2O Buxton .... 7-2 11-2
ftl(« IE1 Pllar. 5 (A. A. Haskell). . |1C2| 6 6 6 6 ft *i JFrowen ... 15 25
Time— -.25'^. :52>4. 1:20. 1:27. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:05. Optimo, place, 1-2: show,
out. Pencil Me. place. 5-2; phow. 4-5. Sue show, 7-10. Winner, br. g. by Order-San
dola. Trained by R. W. Price. Scratched— Shell Mount. Harry Thatcher. Start poor.
Won easily. Second handily. Third stopping. Crosawaite on winner beat his field
away from barrier and breered In. Pencil Me outpamed Sue Johnson. Bogus Bill, a
well-played one. should have been closer up Assessment ran a wretched race and
can do better.
O-1O7. FOURTH RACE— One mile and 70 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. \' t . V 2 . *i. Str. Fin. j Jockey. I Op. a.
(P.450) Galanthus, 6 (Mrs. OofTey) 106 4 3 2%1 h 1 3 1 1U1 2 |Ruxton 9-10 7-10
0438 iChlckadee ft (B. Rafour) 104 1 2 1 3 1\H 1 2 n 2 ** Travers ... 6 12
r>838 I O TJ. 5 (C. W.Chappelle).. 102 6 6 6 IV % 3 « Z S 2% J. T. Shebn 12 10
C2«0 IFrank - n T oods a (Garden City) 111 3 4 h 4 2^3 h 4 2 4 4 I. Powell... 6 S
KiZ>2 iTheodora L. 4 (P. E. Smith).. 100 2 56B2 6 53IV7 jBonner 2O 1j
C31C IDiderot, C (J. P. Atkin) |106 51h2»4 2n6 6 |Roach 9-2 11-2
Time— :25^i, :53. 1:20%'. 1:48 1:53. At post 2»4 minutes. Off at 3:30. Galanthus. place.
1-4; show, out. Chickadee, place, 4; show. C-5. I O U. show, 1. Winner, ch. g. by
July- Snowdrop. Trained by J. Coffey. Start good. Won easily. Next two driving hard.
Galanthus best. Chickadee showed Improvement. I O U, far out of It at one star.e. made
up ground by a short turn into the Btretch. Frank Woods would have been third v.-ith
a proper ride. Diderot was lame and seems to have gone away back."
G4OS. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $400.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt'St. U. y a . »;. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl7
(6474) Letola, 3 (W. B.Jennings)... OS 2 2 3 2 4»;i 2 14 Travers ... 7-10 7-10
0425 Ocean Dream. 4 (Twyman).. 110 3 ... 3 14 3 2 4 3 2 1 Knapp 2 2
(047.':) Nlgrettr. 4 (W. B. Jennings).. 105 4 ... 4 1>£4 2 3 1 3 3% Bonner • •
H3S4 Sad Sam. a (H. Green) 114 1 ... 14 1 n 2 >i 4 4 Sherwood .. R 13-2
6425 Esherin. 4 (J. V. Schorr) 02 5 ... 5 5 5 5 Reed SO 30
Time — :25',4' :50»4. 1:17%; At post 2 minutes. Off nt 3:3Qfi. Letola place, 7-10; show"
out. Dream, place, 3-5: show. out. Xlgrette. show. out. Winner, ch. 1. by Star Ruby-
Leuco.«ia. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Start good. Won in a gallop. Next two driv
ing. Travers astride winner waited on Sad Sam to the far turn then, taking the lead,
galloped home. Ocean Dream ran her race. N'lgrette with a good ride rould have been
tecond. "Coupled with Letola in straight betting. No place betting against entry.
O49O. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; 4-year-old? and up; value to first. ?325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. tf.. %. ft. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op! C~l7
(6448) Criss Cross. 5 (F. N. Hayes) 109 2 2 !i 2 14 ! »i 2 1^1 14 IMountainTT 2~ IJTs
0402 El Piloto. 6 (H. XV. Hoag) 106 3 6 5h 3h 5h 2 1U Buxton ... t- 4
.6484 Quiz II. C (C. McCafterty).. 109 4 313>i4n4n3?; Bonner 6 n
648" Oro Viva, 4 <D. S. Fountain). 105 6 4 n 4 »i 6 .1 4 4 » t Otis .1 13-r,
(6460) Brennus. 4 (8. Judge) 107 1 1 ltjl 2 111 1^5 7 I. TowelL.. 7-2 7
6435 Adirondack. 4 (Shannon) 102 5529 5n6 6 Knapp .... 10 12
Time— :26>4. :52?4. 1:20, 1:40. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:25. Cross place, 1; show l-.T
Piloto. place. 3-2: show. 11-20. Quiz. show. 8-5. Winner, blk m. by Bassetlaw'-Vire
Versa. Trained by P. Lawson. Start good for all but Oro Viva. Won all out. Second
and. third driving. If Buxton, who rode El Piloto. had gone to the post with a ticket
. In his boot on Criss Cross he could not have put up a more outrageous ride. El Piloto
should have won hands down. Quiz lacked early speed on this particular occasion Oro
Viva away very poorly and no chance. Brennus quit.
From aii 8 to 10 Favorite
Turner Goes Suddenly to
10 to 7 on Short End
BERKELEY. March 29.— The track
team of Pomona Cortege of Southern
California arrived from the south to
day and prepared to meet the men of
California on the Berkeley oval at
3:30 o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
The southern athleies were out on
the track early this afternoon and be
gan to limber up on the cinder path.
With L email team Pomona College
has turned out some good athletes this
year and California Is expecting: a
Fwift and hard run from them. Only
recently the team defeated the Occi
dental College by a score of €8 to 17.
Team Is Small but
It Is Rich in
Talent.
THE BETTING" SHIFTS
LUKDAX IS DESTKOYEP
Is Outpointed by Cordell
1 Until He Goes After Him
in the Fateful Eleventh
Is Played Down From Forty
to* One to Twelve anil
Then Scores by a Nose
Letola, With Travers Up, Breezes in Before Ocean
Dream for the Handicap— Reeves an Easy Win
ner—Crack Filly Arisbe Captures Her Race
STOCKTON MAN
A HARD HITTER
GEISHA GIRL
FOOLS BOOKIES
ATHLETES COME OUT OF THE SOUTH
TO TEST THE BERKELEY SPRINTERS
SIX STRAIGHT FIRST CHOICES
ARE SUCCESSFUL AT OAKLAND
RUFE TURNER KNOCKS OUT JACK CORDELL IN ELEVEN ROUNDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10Hard on the Mimchti rians.
In the list of conditions which Ad
miral Alexieff imposed upon the peo
ple of Manchuria, it will be recalled,
was included that they "should treat
the * Russian. . troops with confidence, ".
and that if "hatred" should be dis-
I played ; they would be "exterminated
| without mercy." Which reminds . tl\e
I London News of the woman who
found her boy not inclined to appre
ciate the delights . of Hampstead
Heath on bank holiday. "You enjoy
yourself this minute. Albert," she ad
' monished him, "or I'll box your, ears."
— New York Commercial Advertiser.
Darky Diplomacy.
John Sharh- Williams, the Missis
sippi wit, tells of a Southern friend
whose colored" valet fell in love with
a pair of loud checked trousers which
his master owned. By way of hasten
ing the day when they should be
turned over to him he threw some
grease on them. Then he reported
that he was unable to remove the
spots. . "Have you tried
Sam?" said his master. *
"Yes, sah."
"Have you tried ammonia?"
."No, sah," replied Sam, insinuating
ly. ¦ "I ain't tried demon me, but
I'm sho* them pants'll fit me good."
Bagging a Cheetah.
Here is a very recent instance of, the
plucky behavior often exhibited by
Indian villagers in dealing with the
great cats with which they sometimes
come into uncomfortable contact. The
"King" states that the brute pranced
upon four villagers who were reaping
paddy near a Ceylon village and
mauled them all pretty severely.
Thereupon the village seems to have
turned out and simply "shoo'd"- the
cheetah until it ran into a hut, out of
which the only occupant, an old wo
man, walked and closed the only door
behind her. Thanks to the splendid
pluck of this admirable female, the
cheetah was easily shot from the. roof.
It stood 3 feet high and measured over
8^ feet. — London Globe.
A Grand Fight.
Mart Sturtevant's bulldog Conser has
been cock of the walk in thia town for
many years. Besides easily vanquish
ing the biggest dogs he has killed seven
porcupines and Is an old customer of
the village blacksmith, who extracts
the quills of infuriated porcupines
which he has fearlessly attacked. Since
the arrival of the Aliens, who also have
a bulldog, Conser has been on his good
behavior. The merits of the two dogs
have been discussed at the corner
grocery, and some of the gamblers have
offered to bet two to one on the Allen
dog, thoufih a much smaller dog than
Conser. Wednesday, however, the two
dogs got tangled up in a fight on Wil
low street, and Ringling Brothers' cir
cus could not have attracted a larger
crowd. Men, women and children
flocked to see the fight. The marshal,
fearing that others might take a hand
in the scrap, made his appearance, and.
after seeing a round or 'two, ordered
the respective owners of the bulldogs
to pull them apart. It was "the best
fight that has taken plr*ce in the town
for a month.— Pilot Rock (Ore.) Rec
ord.
PARIS, March 20.— The S!e<-le ?ays that
M. Rouvler. Minister of Finance. .Is exam
ining a scheme for a state monopoly of insur
ance, which will be proposed j n Parliament
after Easter.
VIOLATED REVENUE LAW.— Felix Bor
reo. a wholeaale liquor dealer, and his brother,
Ernest Borrco. a retailer, were arrested In
Xapa on Monday for failure . to pay tne in
ternal revenue special tax. They were re
leased on bonds of $500 each.
Easy to Write
If you have the right fountain pen. It
Js just as important that your pen fits
your hand as it is that your shoe fits
your foot. Come and be fitted with a
"Marshall or an "Ideal" fountain pen.
$1.00. $2.50 to $5.00. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market st. . ,•.•'
COLUSA, March 29. — A break in
the levee occurred at the Boggs-
Davis place, just below Prince
ton, but it would have been stopped
had it noLbeen for the rise in the river
following the rain of Sunday. The levee
went out to-day, and the water is now
coming through a break 700 feet wide
and in some places sixteen feet deep.
Perhaps 20,000 acres of the finest grain
will be lost.
The Howell Point levee connects with
a levee running down the west side of
the basin from Sycamore Slough, just
above College City. At the lower end
of the district the water will come very
nearly up to the river. This district
now has two dredgers at work, and by
another season will have levees so high
and strong that they will be safe under
almost all conditions.
STOCKTON, March 29. — Notwith
standing the heavy rain of yesterday
and continued rains to-day, there is
still no sign of high water here. The
reports sent out by the United States
Weather Bureau yesterday regarding
probable high water caused consider
able alarm here, but with the failure
of the high water to arrive the feeling
of alarm is subsiding.
FRESNO, Mjych 29.— The heaviest
rainfall ever seen In this section of
the country fell this afternoon. In less
than an. hour Weather Observer Bolton
reported .44 of an inch of rain. In
thirty minutes it rained .25 of an inch.
This makes the total rainfall for the
season 6.48 Inches, as compared with
6.70 inches last year. The cry for more
rain has changed to "too much rain."
The streets this afternoon were flooded,
the water rising above the level of the
sidewalks in several places.
SAN JOSE, March 29.— A slight rain
has been falling intermittently all night
and this forenoon. While the rain has
been heavy throughout the greater por
tion of the valley and foothills this
v/inter, the fall in this city has been
comparatively light. The total of 11.53
inches here to date is about half the
quantity that has fallen throughout the
producing areas of the county.
SAN DIEGO, March 29.— Showers
have continued at intervals this after
noon and evening, nearly half an inch
of,rain having fallen in this city dur
ing that period. In the country the
storm is generally heavier.
HOLLISTER, .March 29.— The rain
fall here last night was a half inch,
making 9.65 inches for the season. A
prosperous ! season is'assured. '
Rivers Are Still-. Rising.
Professor McAdie of the Weather
Bureau stated last night that the riv
ers in the northern part of the State
had been rising all day and would
rise gradually until some time to-day.
There is likely to be some rain to-day,
but probably not enough to percepti
bly affect the flooded district.
GALVESTON, Tex.. March 29, — Fou»
white men and one negro are dead
and a number of persons are severely
wounded as a result of a race war in
the lumber region, of Eastern Texas.
The dead are:
MARTIN SUROVAK (white), at
Montgomery.
TOBE McKINNEY (white), near
Hooks station.
HENRY BULLOCK (white), at Sils
bee.
FREDERICK HOPPBRT (white), at
Beaumont.
JOHN MAYNARD (colored), at
Montgomery.
The trouble began two or three weeks
ago when the lumber companies of
East Texas began systematically to rid
themselves of shiftless characters. This
was followed by one sypicious fire
after another, incendiarism prevailing
at nearly every mill of note in East
Texas and Western Louisiana.
Among the mills that suffered were
the four belonging to the Hudson River
Lumber Company and the King Rider
Lumber The guards at night
were quadrupled. Later men attempt
ed to fire the mills and were discov
ered by the guards, but made their es
cape. An investigation developed that
rags and other combustible material
saturated with oil had been used.
Later an attempt was made to burn
the town of Soulake, where several
shiftless negroes were discharged from
the oil fields a few days ago. This
was followed in rapid succession by the
lynching of John Maynard (colored) at
Montgomery, who paid with his life the
penalty of having, with two other ne
groes, attacked and robbed several lum
bermen, one of whom, Martin Surovak,
died from the effects of a beating.
The night before last Frederick Hop
pert, a watchman for a lumber mill
at Beaumont, was discovered myste
riously shot. Developments indicate
that he came to his death at the hands
of the negroes. Yesterday Tobe Mc-
Kinney, a white lumberman, was shot
and killed at Hooks station by Bob
Childress and George Odum, ne&roes.
A "retaliatory attack was begun by the
-whites and Childress was wounded. He
is now in jail. Odum cannot t* found.
Last night while Henry Bullock, Sid
Stewart and M. A. McNeil, white, were
returning home at SilsJSee they were
ambushed by a gang of negroes. Bul
lock was shot and killed 'and his com
panions were seriously wounded.
Arms and ammunition were. at once
ordered into East Texas by the whole
sale, hut the bad negroes took warn
ing and fled. Those of the colored race
with known good characters are being
protected, but danger is imminent to
those known to be profligate if they
can be found.
E a in Continues in Southern
Part of the State and Many
Farmers Are Complaining
Enraged Citizens Gather
Arms andAmmunition and
More Bloodshed Expected
X0 ALARM AT STOCKTON
BULLETS FBOM AMBUSH
Desperate Conflict Between
the Eaces Begins in the
Texas Lumber Camps
Embankment Near Prince
ton Gives Way and Large
Acreage of Grain Is Lost
By Sally Sharp.
Yesterday was the California Club's
day' to shine— and it shone with the
light of a rare programme — an after
noon of elysian dreams and of dulcet
music— 'twas: Omar Khayyam day.
And the singers? Just ask any of the
800 guests what a rare joy Mrs. John
D. Slbley had prepared for them when
she devised: the plan of telling the tale
of the Persian dreamer to the sob of
exultation of music.
The programme was unfolded in the
auditorium of the Y. W. C. A. build
ing — the clubrooms wouldn't have held
the vanguard of guests, and the rooms
are of no mean proportions. Mrs.
George Law Smith, with her ac
customed grace, announced the fol
lowing entertainment: ; • v
. "THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAI*"
Act II, scene I. V
Act III. scene L -
Lady Teazle Mrs. James Monroe Gamble
! Sir Peter .Raymond Dean
A teas cycle "In a Persian Garden"
The words selected from the "Rubalyat"
of Omar Khayyam, the music com
posed by Liza Lehmann.
Scprano.. » Mrs. John D. Sibley
Alto ...Mrs. : Grace Carroll Elliott
Tenor .• Edward Xavler Rolker
Bass Homer Henle y
Miss MolHe Pratt at the piano.
As to the tantalizing Lady Teazle,
who, by the way, was smartly frocked
in modern garb, she was an alluring
tease, fascinating in her smart sallies
to the grumpy but adoring old Sir
Peter.
Then the psychological lyre was at
tuned and the mystic songs from the
Persian bard were sung in unforget
table manner, pdward Xavler Rolker
scoring an astounding hit in the solo,
"Ah! That Spring Should Vanish With
the' Rose."
Mrs. Sibley's "But if Soul Can Fling
the Dust Aside" was, by those of us
who decide for ourselves what we like
and what we doji't, pronounced the
gem of her numbers.
Mrs. Elliott and Homer Henley
shared honors in their recitative work,
and the quartet work was a joy — a
rare joy.
Let us hope that another day of like
quality (yes, and quantity, because it
wasn't soggy with weight) shall soon
be given us again. Mrs. Sibley, con
gratulations!
Hark, ye carfl wielders! Likewise
ye of tender spirit! ; The Nursery for
Homeless Children (now think what
that means) wants money and wants
it badly. Its present home on Mission
and Twelfth streets, though a model
of cleanliness and intelligent care, is
sadly inadequate for its needs. A new
home must be secured and it takes
money to get it. Now, listen and learn
how you may help to build that home
and at the same time indulge your pet
predilection, be it bridge or whist or
even plebeian poker, for on April 7 at
Native Sons' Hall a monster card
party will be given, an admission fee
to which will be charged. Tickets are
for sale at the home or by any of the
members of the board of directors.
This money (and -about 2000 guests
are expected) will bring benisons upon
the heads of those that helped. Will
you?
The regrular monthly meeting of the
Association of Pioneer Women of Cal
ifornia will be held in Golden Gate
Hall at 2 p. m. on Friday. April 1.
After the business Vneeting tea will
be served and a social hour will be
enjoyed.
WHITES WAR
WITH NEGROES
FLOODS BREAK
COLUSA LEVEES
OMAR'S VERSE
RENDERED TO
SWEET MUSIC
JHE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL", AVEDNESDAY,; MARCH 30, : 190J.
11
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ORDER ;F*OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY GOOK BOOK.
Kali This Order to ah* San Praaolaco Call With 75o>
The San Francisco Call. . '
San Francisco. Ca!.:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c, 'for which send me on*
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Ififiy
Cents is The Call's Premium rate tc all its six-month subscrit
. . ,ers to the daily and Sun day -paper, and the additional * 25c is
10 prepay' shipping charges.)
SIGNEf /..........................;..... .....„•
STREET
CITY ................................... .....................
STATE ......^ ....................
SAJXWAY TEAVEI*
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
mt ft:3O a. m.. throturlx la 3 days.
with diner and all trapplnrs.
Other Santa Te Tratan
B-^n 2' for Stockton. Fre«no. Baisrsfleld.
8:00 p! ml j Merced, Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyoa and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 841 Market St. and
Perry Depot. S. F. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cat. 87 South Tint St..
San Jose.
.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAT COKFAKT.
Tlbuxon rerry. Toot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX SATAEXh
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. U:00. H:w a. m.; 12:35,
5:30. 5:10. 6:3O p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11 :3O p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. ra.
SUNDATS— 8 :W. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30,
8:30. 5:00. 6:20. ll:3»-p. in.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAH FRAXT CISCO.
WEEK 1>AYS— 6:oO. 7:35, 7:50.. »:»*, 11:13
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS-^-8:00, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40, 4:55, 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave j In Effect j .Arrlva
Ban Francisco.) Sept. 27. 1903. JSan Francisco.
Week j Sun- | Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. | days, i Uon. | days. | Days.
7:30a 8:00a 9:10a 8:40a
9:30 a Ig-naclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p S-.Oflj) 7:33 p
7:30a 0:10a 8:40a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:2O a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:80 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a "^ 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor.
7:30a 8:0Oa Healdsburr. 10:4Oa 10:30a
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. -7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30a 8:00a Borland 10:40a 10:20a
8:30 p 3:30 p and Uklah. 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllta. | 7:35 p) «:2O p
7:30 al 8:00 al |10:4O a|10:20 a
3:30p|3:30p| Qnernevtlle. (7:35p[ft:20p
7:30 a! 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p! 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a! 110:40 al!0:20 a
8:30 p[ 3:30 p| . SebastopoL | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria end Hark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal* for
the Geysers. Boonevtlle and • Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bar. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, UpperjLake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lterly's,
Bucknells, Sar.hedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr'a
Hot Springs, Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal: at Wllllta for Fort Brags;.
Westport, Sberwood. Canto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 630 llarket street. Chronlcl*
building.
H.C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
H TO SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausailto Terry.
Suburban "Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:00. a:0O,
9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20/1:45. 3:15. 4:13.
5:15, 6:15, 7:00. 8:45, 10:20. 11:43 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally, 5:25.-6:33, 7:40, 8:35, 0:33. 11:06 a.
m.. 12:20, 1:45. 2:65. 3:45. 4:45. 5:43. 6:43.
8:45, 10:20 p. ra. *
FROM MILL- VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally. 5:45.* 6:55. 7:52. 8:58. 9:53.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. 6:03.
7:05. 9:0a 10:33 n. m. . ¦ -
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
0:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted)—
Trfmales and way stations.
3:15 b. nu Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. rn.. Point Keyea and
rray stations.
TICKET OFFICE — 628 Market st.
FETmT-t-Union Depot, foot «f Market at.
j|Li^ FAVORITE
II FO» WEASi WOMEN.
ja^^^^n MEN AND WOMEN.
•^JRSjptCBxS^iGlj DieBlgGfornnnatural
to luh <Utv%| dUcbarses.lnflammationi.
fiSSw OuaraatKii « IstiuUons or alccratloai
DOs o«t to »ui«i«r«. of mvcoai uambraaas.
y* B Pr*f»««» rntsfin. Painmn. and not aitria-
Ba3\ rH EE Ti! ' s CaE'"IH:ilCo. cent or poiioaoas.
VJ^R SI!tCir.MT1.0.ff^Sg S«l« by Druggists.
us. A. SsT or wnt ln pUiB wr «P»?»'
' JiSSgia^ rfffy^a br •xprem. pr#»aid. fo»
VragBffil^ffl »1U». or 3 bottles «2.7*.
, 7 H circular Met oa cvtnut
RAILWAY TBAVEL
I / •unsst \ •* ] Trmtma leave and mf
I . V-J^^H—J • j due to arrive a*
V&^£^£ZW SAN *TKANCI3CO.
\^ /» » >/ (Mala Line, Terry Depot,
V^X^ Foot of Market Street >
t»4Ti — FaoM Fkhspakt 17. 1*0*. — AaaiTiT
*" ?4W* VscaTllle. WlaVr*. Kumiry 7.50*
74XU Benicla, Salsaa. Elrolra sad Sscrv
mento — i-SOf
7JtU Vslleja. Nspa. Callstoga, Ssata
Kou. Minlne*. Sun lUmon 623r
740a K Il-K. Lrrermore, Tracy, Lstbrop.
Btockton 7.20*
I4JO* Shasta Exprsss— (Via Davli).
WUiUsu (for BsrUatt Sprlags>.
Willows. tPruto. Hed Bluil.
Portland. .Taeotna, Seattle 7-50»
MQj DaTls.Woo(tl*fid.Ka!gbt*Landmc
MarysTllle. Orovllle 7.6O
•40a Port Costa, Martinez. Aattoca.
Byroa. Tracy. Stockton. Sew
man. Los Baaos, M e n d o t a.
Armona. Han ford. VI sal I a.
PorMrrllle 4.20*
I.JOa Port Cost.% Msrtlaet, Tracy. Lato-
r>V. Modesto. Mercrd. Fresno.
Ooshen Junction. Hanford,
Visalla. Dakertfleld 4 50*
¦ .30a Kllen. Saa Jose. Llvenaors. Stock-
ton, (tMtltoa), lone. Sacramento,
Plaeerrtlle. UarysTUle. Cbtoo, '
Bad Bluff 4.23?
8.30* Oakdale. Chlaete. Jamestown. So-
aorm, Toolnmae and Angela 4 20?
BOOt Atlantic Rxpreii— Ozden *ad E«»t. 11.20%
B 30a Btchmood, Msrtlaez and Way
Stations 8 50?
1040a Tna Orerlsnd Limited — Oeden,
- < . DeoTer. Omana, CSxlcaca. B 23--
IO.COa Tal!«J« -. 12.207
10.00a Loa Anjreles Passenger — Port
Costa; Martinez, Byron, Tracr.
Latbrop. Stockton, Merced,
Raymond. Fresno, Oosben Junc-
tion. Hanford. Letnoore. Visalla.
Bskersfield. Loa Ancles 7.23*
12.00a Bayward. Xll»» and Way Atatloas. 32C*
ti-COr facrmnesto Hirer Stsamert tH.O'J*
3 30r Benicla. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Katghts Landing.
MaryiTllle. OtotUIo aad way
stations f ....~ 1050*
5.307 Hay ward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7-50p
S.SOr Port Costa, Martinez. Byroa,
Traey, Latarop, Modesto,
tlercad. Fresno and Way Sta-
tion ¦ byroad Port Costa,.... ... 12.20?
5 30f Martines. Traey. Stockton. Lodl... 10.20a
4.00f Martinez. S»n Iinmon.ValleJo.Naps,
CaUstocs, Santa Rosa 8 20*
400r Nlles. Trscy. Stockton. Lodl 4.23*
4 30* Hsrward, Nlles. Irrtaftoa, Baa I tf.5O*
Jose. Lirermore > tli.&O*
5 COr The Owl Limited— Newmaa. Lo«
Haaoa. Men<loia.Pra*a«. Talara.
Baksrt 3 eld. Los Angeles.
Ooldcn State Limited gle«s«r.
Oakland to Loa Aaceles. for Ck>
cago. Tla C. R. I. A P ....... I 53*
6.001* Port Co«t*. Tracy. Stockroa ....... 12 20»
f6-30r Hay ward. Klles and Saa Joia ..... 7. 20*
8-OOr Hay ward. Nlles aad 6 ja Jos*. 9. SO*
6 OQi" Eastcra Exprei*— Or V* 1 - Dearer.
Omaha, St. Lonla. inlcago aaa
East. Port Coata. Benicla. StU-
• an.. Elm Ira, Darla, Sacrament*,
Rocklla, Auburn, Cotfax.
Trnckee. Boca, P.aio, Wads»
worth, Wlnnemncca *V29»
t.OOr Vallcjo. dailv, except Sunday.... » ....
7-00* Vallejo, Sunday oaly f ' o8F
7-OOr Kichmond. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Martlnei aad Way Stations 11.23*
I.OSr Oregon <fc California Express— 8ao-
ramento, Maryirllle. Bedding,
Portland, Pnget Sound and Saat. 8.50*
B.IQr Hayward. Ntlea aad Saa Joae (3aa>
dayoaly) 11.504
COAST LINE -<.1arr«w flaaxs). *
j (Foot of Morket Btraet.)
B-15a Newark. CMterrtUe. 8aa Joaa.
Felton, Boutaer Creek. Santa
Crux and Way Station* t-3S*
t2.1t> Newark. CcnterrUle. Saa Jos*.
New Alnadea.Los Gatot.Felua.
Boulder Cr»ek. Saata Cms and
Principal Way Stations fiO.SS*
4.1t> Newark. Saa Jose. Los Oatos aad I 19.65%
way statloaa.... I tlO 65*
«8 SQr Hasten Train. Satorday oaly. San
Jo§« and Way Stations. Retnra-
tac from Lo« Gatos Sunday only. t7 2Sr
" OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Fron SAN * RAN CI3CO. Foot of Market St. (dll»«»
—Tr.a I:M ll:Wix 100 300 5.15 r.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:UO &:«•
t»:ft» 10:00 a.m. 12-00 200 4-00 r.m.
COAST LINE <Kroa4 U»n«e).
HT (Third and Towasead Streets.)
f.lOa Baa Jose aad Way Stations. t.30r
700a Baa Jo«e and War Stations R.33'
tOOA New Almaden (Tun.. Frid.. -»n!y), 4.ia»
00a The Coaster — Stops oaly d»D Jota,
Gllroy (connection for Hoi lis-
ter). Psjaro. Caatrortne (cos-
section to aad from Monterey
aad Pacific Orore). Satlnaa. Saa
Ardo. Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
garita. Saa Lais ObUpo, principal
stations thence Surf (conn*ctloa
(or Lotnpoc). principal stations
thence Santa Barbara,Saa Bueaa*
reaffirm, Saagne. Loa Angeles... 11.43*
¦.•Ia fan Jose. Tres Plnos. Capltola,
SantaCraz.Pac'ScGrore.Sallnaa,
Baa Lull ObUpo aad Principal
Way Station* 4-10*
10.30a Can Joie aad Way Stations 1-20-"
1140a Santa Clara, Saa Joie, Los Oatot
and Way Stations 7.30i»
1-30r Ssn Jose and Way Stations 8 36*
J COr Dei Monte Kzpre*s— Santa Ctar*.
. / Saa Joae. Del Moate. Monterey.
• Pacific Grore (connects at 8an:»
vlarm for Santa, eras. Boulder
Creek aad Narrow Gange PolnU)
at Gllroy for HullHur. Tret
Pino*, at Castroriiie for Salinas. 12-15'
i-SOr Tres Pino* Way Paateoser 1043*
. 4 iOr Baa Jose sod W*r Stations t3 00*
tSOOr Saa Jo»«. (rl» SaaU Clara) Los
Gatos. and Prtactpal Way Su-
Uoas (except Sunday) *9 C0»
>&.30r Saa Joseaad Principal Wa7StatIoa* IS.40*
••COr Sunset Limited. — lied wood. Saa
Joae.611roy.Saltnai.Pafo Roblea.
Eta Luis ObUpo, Santa Bart'ars
Lot Angel'i. DemlB*. El Pa»o.
New Orleans. Sim* York. Con-
nects st Pajaro for Santa Cru»
snd at Castronn* for Padne
Grore and Way Stations 7.10»
t*.1b> CsaMateo.Beresford.Beimont.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oak*.
Menlo Park. PsloAlto t8.49a
f 30t San Joe aad Way Statical. 9 33*
8 00* Palo Alto and Wsj 6uuiont 10.13*
11.50* South SanFranclsco. Millbrae.Bw
llajame. Ssn Matco. Belmont.
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and raloAlio 9 45>
•11. M* afayfteid. Mountain View, Sunny-
vale. Lawrsace. 8aata> Clara aad
San Jo— t*4T.
A for Morning. • P for A rternoc*.
t Bnnday azeeptcd t Sunday ¦>-*•
a Saturday only. <. -
I Siopt at all stations on Suadsy.
<r~ Only trains stopping at Valencia Si. saataat*jr<«
r™«.30r.« — -
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
L4*t* Ta Sijaiiu r«rrj Arrive *
a—Prandip fan at total H SanFraadao*
Week Son- ¦ «hb Son. »Wees
Pays, days <*»T» Days.
•1t:M i*»:OO A #*!V!al3E2« lasoar 10:40}
•1*45r 9:OOa HmSan !:»»» »:5i>r
ftlA&r 1O:OOa WW-^Bff l:IOp 3:5!)»
11:90a «:5ttp tiMv
ZZZh3:15p| ,^Vr' \ 9iaom ,_ 1 -
m «<sBstatwlIatBMi»>r «pss» ssj Tfflrw ftsas)
"tICUt • 1 1» Majucxt ST^Nocta Sbocw SUilroadT
tttlZO I aad Sasmauvo Fsxav. Foot laaxsaat Ss>
WJEEKLY^ CALlT^aToO "PEB^YB A^.
I f°?r^ CALL READERS |
Seven remarkable pictures have been prepared especially for The
Call by its printing house, the American Colortype Company of
New York and Chicago, and one of these pictures will be issued
with The Call every Sunday in the order indicated.
"HIGHLAND SHEEP."
It Is the of a sup*rb painting by one of that world-famous family
of art creators, the Bonheurs. Aurutte Bonbcur is the author of the picture, which
tKjuaif the best work of his even more celebrated tleter. Rosa. This art piece will
bt- pivpn away. free, with each copy of Th« Sunday Call.
August* Bonheur, ln presenting "Highland Sheep" to. the world, made as fine a
contribution to the art pallery of tha age* as <Ud hla illustrious eister. Rosa., when
tiJi^ jiaimed that euperbly colored revelation of animal power and physical beauty.
"The Horee Fair." Both pictures are f»o perfect that they se*m to surpass the
powrr cf mere art. for they possess qualities of realism which actually fool the
eenses.
. Aug-arte's climb into fame waa even more arduous than his 6ister'i". for his very
narae handicapped him. In 18*5. w.-.e n all Paris was tajklng about the remarkable
c xhlbits ln the Salon by a young girl named Rosa Bonheur. who had elected to be-
come a peinter of animals, another Bonheur made an appearance in the galleries.
This time it was a man. Francois August* by name and a man ambitious to be a
raantrr of genre. His pretensions were laughed at. ' It was critically concluded that
the .Bonheur family, taught by the father, could produce only one phenomenon.
But the following year this genre painter exhibited a landscape which at-
tracted attention. In a few years more he was a landscape and cattle painter es-
' teemed but little less than his gifted sister. August* Bonheur found his successive
medals and* hiss red ribbon cf the legion. It is quite possible that the greater
fame cf his eirter overshadowed hie, and that he might have won a higher position
in art under another name.
"Highland Fhefp" Is probably the most noted canvas of all Bonheur"s art
career. It was the talk of the esthetlo world at the time of its first exhibition.
Now that sheep pictures have become a popular fad — almost to the extent of a
craze — the great paintings or this animal and its environment have doubled ln valuj
and large wns of money are paid for the mere privilege of copying the original
picture. All critics have conceded that Bonheur's "Highland Sheep" Is far superior
to the works cf all others who have made animal study their specialty. The only
1 artist who ever equaled him was his own sister.
"PLAYMATES."
E. Louyet's ••Playmates" Is a scene of home life which Trill appeal to all lovers
of children aad pets. It Illustrates, the sympathy which exists between children and
their animal playmate*, and suggests the charm which the Ingenuous play of the lit-
tle cnes raay bring Into home life. It shows also that imitation of what they have
observed in the lives of their parents influences in a remarkable degree their own ac-
tions. In putting the puppy to bed in her doll's cradle the little girl Is following the
? sample c? her mother's care for her little brother, which she has daily observed.
AlthtHiph her offspring seems to be an unwilling partner to the play, the canine mother
Sr>es not seem greatly concerned, for Bhe has doubtless been often associated with
ie children ln their games and knows that they mean no barm.
The picture is one which bespeak* the artist's cheerful temperament. Into a
commonplace scene he has Infused something of the sympathy which he must have
for the homely joyt cf domestic life. His color also indicates a genial fondness for
what is pleasing and cheerful. It is varied and brilliant, simple and unaffected and
not devoid of refinement. There is even a certain sublety in the placing of the blue-
rreen .in<i yellow-green note* of the cupboard and cradle together in the picture and
balancing them with the mass of the blue apron on the opposite side of the picture.
EITects cf studied arrangement are also to be found in the Judicious placing of the
various notes of rr-d. brown and yellow.
Th« works of this promising young artlrt are not yet familiar in this country,
as there Is- so great a demand that they are generally sold^-to collectors and dealers
as eoon as they ere completed, and he has frequently so many advance orders for
his pictures that his eustomen' have to wait many months before they can have the
satlyfartinr. of possessing one of hi« interesting productions.
His models are taken from hi« own household even the animals, which • he Is
f^nfl of Introducing into his compositions. His familiarity with them is unques-
tionably the secret of his remarkable success ln painting them.
"THE PASSING STORM."
Two favorite themes furnish subjects for the brush of Thomas Moran, K. A., the
artificial architectural beauty of Venice and the grandeur of American landscapes.
•"The Passing ?torm." which was painted on Long Inland, furnishes one of the most
beautiful and effective colored reproductions yet published. It is vigorous and yet
harmonious in colcr. dramatic ln effect and well balanced ln its composition. The
warm colur of autumn fcrowns and yellow contrasts with gray rocks and the rich
gr*"en« cf the Ewampy foreground, and above all is a sky full of movement and varied
ln Its colored effects.
It ie the emotional qualities in this, as well as In nearly all of Mr. Moran's paint-
ings, which have contributed much to their success, and yet underlying these there is
a foundation of convincing realism.
In "Th» Pacing Storm" it may be seen that the elements which make up the pic-
ture are reproduced with remarkable fidelity to nature, but at the same time by a
fapifr.t arrangement of masses cf light and <Jark oppositions of brilliant and sub-
du»d color, of broad. si:iiple mseees and intricate detail, the artist reflects his own
poetic trmprran-.cnt in its dramatic effect, wealth of color and technical ability.
Mr. Morin'f attention was first attracted to the possibilities of American" land-
scape In 1*71, when he accompanied the fnlted States Government expedition under Ma-
jor Powell to explore the Yellowstone country. His large painting: of the "Grand Canyon
of the Yellowstone," which wap produced shortly after, was purchased by the Govern-
ment. The painting is so truthful that geologists are able to detect and classify from
It the thousands of feet of canyon wall, and y<et the expression cf a feeling of eublim-
ity ii> po stror^r that it is difficult to believe that he has not idealised his subject.
He has since made several trips to the Rocky Mountains and has visited Cuba
and Mexico, and it may be truthfully said that no artist has done more to make
known to the world the splendors of American landscapes, whose artistic possibilities
he was cne of the first to appreciate.
i Thomas Moran. who is sometimes called the American Turner, was born ln Bol-
ton. Lancashire, England, ln 1S37. Went to Philadelphia with his parents at the age
of 7. He began his artistic career as a wood engraver's apprentice and was made an
FFso'-iate o? the National Academy ln 18S2 and academician in 1SS4. He Is a mem-
ber of the Society cf American Artiste and the Pennsylvania Academy.
"TREASURED MEMORIES."
Not all of th«» garlands of war are of laurel and palm, there are others
of withered and bitter leave* which do not crown the victors or repose on the
grama of tho^e who have given their lives for their country. They are worn
hy the women wha have inherited the leiracy of sorrow and loneliness through
•he death of a eon. a father or a brother ln war.
They cling- in their bereavement to anything which may keep fresh the mem-
ory of th«-Fe dear ones. Their letter*, portraits, anything they have worn or
owned are treasured as of priceless value, and on such a day as the one appointed
to honor the nation's dead they ceem to bring back something of the real pres-
ence cf the herf>ep who have fallen. .-•¦»-
To express these thcuchtu on canvas is the motive of Bdgar S. Cameron's
picture. "Treasured Mem<->rle«'."
It depicts an aged mother honoring the memory of a son fallen on a Southern
l^ttl^neH. by bringing cut his rusty saber and time-worn uniform to place them
!:> the rhsir he used to sit in as a boy, while she re-reads the letters whose con-
tents she knows by heart.
It is thus on the anniversary of hig death and Decoration day she performs
Filently and alcne what to her has become the celebration of a sacred rite. The
picture is cne fu!l of human interest and sentiment strongly expressed. It tells
its story simply and directly and at the same time it possesses artistic qualities
of a high order. It is admirably composed, effective, pleasing in color and care-
fully elaborated in its details.
Edgar S. Cameron, the artist who has painted this picture, is one of the most
prominent painters of " figure compositions in the West. Few men have the ability
to r>p.:r.t we:i to many different classes of subjects a? he. Ten years ago he was
paintirig military subjects, one of which received honorahle mention ln the Yerkes
prize competition. Then followed decoration for the World's Fair. The largest can-
vas v .e het= painted is a religious subject, 'The Youth of Christ." now loaned to
the fnicn League Club of Chicago. Two years ago he exhibited a striking picture
cf gla^t-bTowrs at work ln the red light of a blow furnace. This was purchased
by the Chicago Woman's Aid Club. At the Chicaro Artists' Exhibition this year h"s
showed an imrx-'i-tart marine painting. "The Voiceful Sea." which was painted
while the artlpt was returning from Paris last year, where he served as a mem-
ber of the international Jury O* the exposition of 1000. This picture was pur-
rhased by the Arche Club.
OsMe* painting these and Tiuntless penre and landscape subjects, Mr. Cam-
rrvrr. has found time to contribute occasionally articles on art to art publications
ani tc art as instructor at the Art Academy- As early as 1SSS he was an exhib-
itor m the Paris Falon. . . "
"IN THE PASTURE."
"In the Pasture." by Julien Jos. presents a rare combination of pictorial and
artistic rjuallties. In it the artist h*s displayed exceptional ability in three direc-
tions — as a tandscapist. a figure painter and an animal pa!nt«r. His varied talents
an- s« evenly balanced find fo harmoniously combined in this picture that it would
be a diffiTilt matter »o de^de which be has painted best — the. cattle, the young
1'fasa.nt woman who is caring for their wantf. or the landscape, which serves as a
s<-T»!n^ for both. It Las other qualities which are not the result of the artist's skill
a< a pairtT. but which are the expression of his thought and feeling.
Then* is a vigor and brilliancy to b* ©twerve<] ln th» effect of sunlight, and he
has given • vlvarity to the movements of the animals and the action of the figure.
In the grass and foliage of the landscape tliere is abundant detail, but it is
painted with a frank, sure touch. fr<e from any suggestion of labored uncertainty ln
his methods of painting. All this combines to give ln the picture an agreeable effect
of truth and lifelikeness.
The cattle are particularly well drawn *nd painted.
It has been said that pictures of horses are less ant to pitas* than representa-
tions of cattle or sheep, for the reason that horses are generally more closely ob-
srrvfd by the public, and defects in the drawing of these animals are more quickly
noted, while in paintings of cattle such defects are overlooked, provided there is
aeroeable color and a picturerque quality of roughness in the painting to conceal
th'-m. ' -
In this painting by Julien Jos there has been no attempt to avoid difficulties.
Forms are well defined, values are truthful- and colors well observed. There Is evi-
dence everywhere of the artist's comprehensive *tudy. from the blades of grass In
the foreground to details of the figure and the animals'.
There is a satlsfylrg sense of completeness, and yet he has shown how to EUb-
erdiriKte parts of his picture to gain unity of subject.
It is fccientlflc rather than emotional painting, and yet is not lacking ln feeling
and spirit. .
Julien Jos is a native of Behrium and has his studio in Brussels. He is a pupil
cf the celebrated cattle painter, Franz de Bcul. and Is, to some extent, a follower
of Julien Dupre.
He was awarded a silver mMal at the Brussels Universal Exposition, and medals
st exhibitions held in Ghent. Antwerp and other European cities. His work Is almost
as well known and appreciated ln America as in Europe.
COSTLY TOYS.
"Costly Toy«" la the title of the art supplement, by Charles Van den Eycken.
The proverbial playfulness of kittens is a favorite subject with painters who
chocs* their models from the domesticated branch of the feline tribe The fact
that the little animals have net been endowed with discretion in . their choice of
plavthings. along with their instinct for play, often leads them to dp much mis-
chief, and it is thle mischief which furnishes an Inexhaustible fund of mate-
rial ut>on 'which Fuch artifts as Eugene Lambert, Mme. Henrictte Ronner and
Charlt* Van den Eycken, t the painter of the original of this art supplement, have
drawn, in producing the pictures which are their lifework.
Other artists cf more serious temperament have used cats as models for rep-
resentations of the savage members of the came family. The anatomy of the do-
mestic cat U almost ider.tical with that of many of its wild cousins, and the fact
that the savage instincts of its ancestors have only a thin veneer of the domesti-
cation makes it a eimple matter for an artist to transform the household tabby Into
a tiger or lioness, as I>eiacroix frequently did. One needs only to observe a cat
drinking, eating cr stalking a mouse or sparrow to note the resemblance recalled
by Whittier. who displayed much of a painter's instinct in his description, in the
lines In "Snow Bound": "The cat's dark silhouette on the wall, a couchant tiger's
seemed *o fall."
In Fuch pictures as the one which is the subject of this notice there are the
elements of lively action, and a pleasing suggestion of Innocence and joyousness
which make them Justly popular. In Van den Eycken's painting there Is also
bright and agreeable color and skillful brush work. ¦ . . s>
Charles Van den Eycken is a Belgian of pure Flemish descent. He Is still
a vouae man. and has every prsspect cf becoming even more famous In his chosen
branch cf art than the celebrated Mme. Konner. whose pupil he Is. Hl» studio is
in Antwerp in the same building as that of his former instructor. During the last
decade his works have become well known in America, and the sale of his pictures
la this country is eteadily increasing.
"THE BIRTHDAY."
Cora Fredericka Freer's painting, "The Birthday." was the most "important
figure eompoettion exhibited t»- a. Chicago artist at the recent exhibition of Amer-
ican oil painting and sculpture at the Art Institute. It la the work which com-
bines the telling of a pleasing story with the , successful rendering of a most Inter-
esting effect of artificial lighting. The four nickering tapers on the birthday cake
illuminate the scene, which It one of tenderness and Intensity as well as of , fes-
The costumes of the little rtrl in whose honor the celebration is made, her
young mother and her comrade su»d guest furnish notes of colors, and the play of
the warm glow from th« tapers on these offers a problem which the artist has
solved tnoFt agreeably.
The expression on the faces of the participants in the pretty fete shows that
she "Is also a close student of character. A smile of love and contentment plays
over the feature* cf the mother at she cutt the cake; the little one looks on with
something of curiosity and wonderment in her Joy, while a look of patient ex-
pectancy plays over the features of her suest. • .
Remember it will be impossible to secure these beautiful pictures
unless you are a Call reader, so we would advise" you to bear: this
fact in mind and subscribe for The Call, thereby insuring prompt and
regular delivery of the, papers containing these valuable pictures.
ALL TRAM NEWS AGENTS AND NEWSDEALERS ON THE PACIFIC COAST
SELL THE CALL.
REGISTER A COMPLAINT IF YOU FAIL TO SECURE A CALL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
U >js?*^»^*^^SSS\ A. MTT.TJON GRANDMAS all over 11
H /SffiP^^l V >«^ America point to CAS O ABETS |j
a l§r^ K^Z^**" \KtaL Candy Cathartic as the most per- rj
3 tSF v v \ feet family medicine ever discov- £1
I V m >VvU^^^ ered * Good » kind, tender-heartod I|
a I k n^>' <v Om^^t^^^ old bouI — grandma tries to help |
3 A v **" Y§^^^2^S others by telling of the good things ||
fl (T^-^ JFr2&. Tat^S^isaSs siie tas learne<i through experience 11
a \ /~ i!>/-\ Ki^^^bbSHI eji& so the salo of CA3CARET3 is m
a \&*ji} r^^U^^ES^a over a million boxes a f]
3 F" V f "^^wl^W 'MONTH. Years of experience with II
a ( •• fj&k. J&fflE^Wr or own health, and grandpa's and |j
B \ L J£&^-^4!R&3&1&r be F children's, and her children's W
3 \V\3^!>^^4«'x"^^ children's have taught grandma W
i \ that OASOARETS Candy Cathar- II
jl I \\Jr9r4 r» mI^^JBSv tic ar» the only perfect medicine m
J V n -4r JW$$&Bj\ ' or *& oow^el troubles, children's 1
H I Jw^iWefc^ diseases, diaaases of the stomach If
3 V J&02&$Wk and livor » 8icic headaches, bilious- ||
a iliJ^SpgjpWHgV^ ness, and bad blood. Best for the w
M bowels. All druggists, 10c, 23o, f
fl -^i^^^^^^^^^B^^ eOc - Never sold in bullc Genuine ||
ij j^mh v. fm lifl^WP^ tablet stamped O C C. Sample and ||
n*' W^ "They makm STERUNQ REMEDY COMPANY, I]
H r^dfr "* '*•*." • 0hlca « TO Or NeW |1
i^W3?u»£^ NDY CATHARTIC I
1 Afy^UAL SALE-TEfy BSlLUOft BOXES J
w raHBaTOwPr No matter whether in the right ||
M aBSKn&fir^Q- s^ e or t^ ie e^ ere ' s nothing- a
R iBBBBSBM^ \ at w *** ve suc^ s P ee^y relief if
H HStfi^^^ Y . and cure and at the same time n
W strengthen the side and restore 1
S / I J * I POROUS I
1/ x I \ \ faster I
fu f\ Jk \ A pain in the right side, 8
¦ jT 1 jj\ V however, is often caused by "11
¦^ / \ V thickening of^ the bile I!
I^w jw r \^ I x^ w^ c^ ma Y ea^ to S a^ I]
I jfff f j^oty- c'^^NL stones - The best treat - n
B ffyL l^^^jT^jNfVSaw ment is to wear an n
El nf^> /L/a'OV^ Allcock ' s Plast ' r > " I
1 — " """* *^ how soon you are R
H AHcock's Porous Plaster* are not an experiment — they ¦
|| are a standard remedy ; have been used by the American H
n people for over 55 years; have been imitated but never I
ft equalled and are without question the most successful 1
a external remedy in the world to-day, and the safest, for I
g they contain no belladonna, opium or any poison whatever. . «
Bl - Alleock'a- the omlj. sreavlae poroo* silasters. , JLLOCAIi^MARRETS.;
Game was in light receipt'and unchanged*
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 1»®1Sc" per - lb"
Gccse. per pair. $2@2 25; Goslings, .'$2(»2 25-
Ducks, $5 50(g6 50 per dozen for old and $6 50©
7 50 for young; ; Hens, $7©8 * for . large and
%Xt SO^ti 50 for s-mall: young .Rooeters. $7^8
old Roosters, $5® 6; Fryers, $fi 50®7: Broilers,
$5g5 50 - for laree . and $4^4 50 for ¦ small:
Pigeons, $1 25'S 1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25
@2 50 for. Squabs/ . ... . ¦<•:...
-GAME — Gray- Geese. $3 i»r dozen: • .White
Geese.*- $ltj I DO; Brant . $1 50§2 ; for 'small and
$2 50@3.' for large: Honkers, • $4{$5; '.-, English
Snipe. $•» 50; Rabbit*. $1 5O®2 for Cottontails
and Jl'al -3 for Brush; Hare, Jl 25^1 50.
Poultry waa quite active and continued' in
excellent ¦ ahape for sellers. • Retailers . Were
purchasing freely in anticipation < of- a ' brisk
demand for the . Easter . and .Jewish holiday
trade. Twc cars of Western were on sale.* mak
ing four for the current week.' and' cleaned up
promptly at good, prices. Receipts of domestic
stock were light and large young, stock and
good, heavy Hens were firm at:' higher prices.
Old, *«craggy Roosters and very small' Broilers
were rather dull. . . .-'.'-•.- -.
Poultry and Game.
: iCQFFEE-MTosta e Rica— Nominal: 134615c
for;strlctly prime to fancy washed; 'lSHOtfc
for prime washed; ll}£$12Uc for rood washed;
,CORDAOE — The' local company ' quotes as
follows, en days or per ' cent discount for
cash, no sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila. 14^c;
Sisal. 10?4c;. Duplex. 9»icT-BaIe Rope, ll'i©
ll«ic per Ib . . - - , .- - . ¦ .- .
7',jc; blocks, "Oriental." 6Uc;- blocks, "Sea
bright." 6 s ic: tablets. '7c: middles. 7©S»ic;
fancy boneless • 8}4®8*ic-,' pickled Cod. bbls.
$3; pickled Cod. half bbls, $4 75. ,
There was some activity in Gas and Elec
tric at $W*53 50. but otherwise the local
securities were quiet. California Fruit Can
ners sold at $97. Bonds were dull. There
was nothing new In the oil stocks, and th*
mining i stocks were generally easy.
Ex -dividend yesterday: .Pacific Coast Borax
Company, regular monthly. $1 per share,
amounting to $19.C0O.
The General Electric Company has declare'!
a regular quarterly dividend of $2 per share on
the common stock, payable April. 15. ¦
The grosa earnings of the California and
Northwestern Railway Company for February,
19O4. amounted. to $74.»72. aa compared with
$74,341 for February. 1903. an Increase of $631.
There waa a deficit, after charges, last month
of $37,054. The gross earnings for the eight
months ended February 29. 1004. were $XH.
263. as compared with $S77.0R5 for the same
period last year, an Increase of $54,198. The
net earnings for the eight months ended Feb
ruary 29. 1904. were $21O.«2S. a decrease of
$48,134. - as compared with the corresponding
period- ending; February 29. 1903. The siir-
Another Quiet Day on the Local
Exchanges.
<l-.-fJth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Marca 23—5 p. ;n.
The rol:oning are the ecabonal rainfalls to
date fla cempared with those of same dato last
fccaeon and rainfall In last twenty-four hours-
Last .< ThlB Last
Station* — - 21 huurt. Season. Season.
1-;ui-r-k:i <S 1C
n<" J Hiuff 0.0S 2S.30 22.74
Sacramento 0.22 16.07 14. CH
Framifco »0.<;7 19.00 lfi.i.7
FrwiO 0.<M» fi.64 7.7»
l:id»-(wnd'nce O.Ort 2.55 2.07
San l.uis Obispo «>.22 J3.RS 1«..'J2
Lt;s Ai^f'o O.1S K.~Z ' 1.1.62
San l)l>'Z» O.l«i 3.91 ».94 •
TUE COASTRECORD. •
g K K O 2 *s
E »-:» H5" °* 2* "t
1 Pllfil: ti I
ETATIONS. I |||§|§ f" S
r I I ¦ : : I
• a I • '.
- :
Baler 29.54 42 3S NE Cloudy .65
'•arfon 29.60 46 W NW Cloudy T.
Fresno 29.S0'«0 »¦ N Rain .«6
n&eftun 29.40 S2 40 KW Clear T.
Pocatello 29.52 44 3« SW Cloudy .SO
independence .29.48 «0 4rt W . «^lear - .08
l>5s Ang.>les..2».R2 «n 60 BW Pt Cldy .18
Wt Tamalpaft.29.Rl 42 .. NW «^oudy .00
Head.. .29. 72 46 40 SW • Cloudy . .24
Weather Report.
'stock maeket.
FOR TUESDAY. MARCH 29.
Flour, qr «ks .. 11.515'Corn Meal. East-
Wheat ctls ...* 4.2«4) ern. ctle l.W
Barley*, ctls ... 3.«11 Feed, sks «7
Corn, ctl . 87J Wool, bales .... 29.
Beans ak» l.lMlTallow. ctls 211
Potatoes, ska .. 2.4781 Quicksilver, fika. 278
Onions. «ks ... » Hides. No 210
Bran, sks 577tPelU. No l.OKJ
Middlings slcs.. 50i Leather, rolls .. lit
Hay. tons 293| I.lme. bbls ' 27.-J
Straw tons.... I'M Paper, reama .. l.flT-5
Hops 'bales .... 4 Wine, gals 3t).tWO
Shorts, sks .... 75 Sugar, ctls ... 3.000
OREGON.
Bran, sks .... 577!
Receipts of Produce.
Foreign. Futures.
LIVERPOOL. -
Wheat— . 'May; July.
opening ..-. :..: ;..«siw « «•;
Closing 6 Sijl, 6 8Vi
'- PARIS. ..
Wheat— i • -, '. March. Sept.-Dec.
Opening ...; 21 "ft 21 25
i CJoeln? ......'. 2180 2120
•¦ Flour — • . .¦ ,
; Opening -....; 28 85 29 15
j Closing ....:.....:•...'.....;¦ 2S 70= 29 10
. v Boston Wool Market.
\ BOSTON, March 29.— A steady demand holds
in the woel market, both domestic and foreign
being strong. Pulled and territory wools are
Hrm. with supplies moderate. - Quotations:
.. Idaho — Fine, 154il5»iis heavy, fine. 13@14c:
fine' medium," .15@15Vic; low^TnedJum. 17®l8c.
. Wyoming — Fine.^lOglSVic; ¦ heavy. . fine, 13®
14c;. flue medium. 18®l5Vjc; medium, 18@19c;
low medium, 18®luc.- - -A .
.-Utah and- Nevada-^-Flne, 1554c;. heavy, fine,
13@14c; fine, medium.- 15>i@ltic; medium,' 1S@
10c:-low medium," 19fl20c. \. '
y r- Montana— Fine,. choice,. 18®iac; fine, medium
choice." 1S@ 19c;, average. 18®19c; . staple, 19®
20c; medium, choice, ; 18® 19c. •
I St: Lo nis Wool 'Market. ' •
ST. . LOUIS, March ' 29.'— Wool, steady.
Medium grades, combing and- clothing. 16@
22c; light fine, 15@17^c; tub washed, 22@31c.
._.'.. L: -Northern Business.
I', SEATTLE. ; March; 29.— Clearings, $499,955;
balances. $So,rj7S. ;: * \ ' : ¦'¦
, TACOMA. March-, 29.- ; -ClearlnKs, $29-1,858;
balances, -$2S!5U0.- j- •' .
"PORTLAND. March 29.— Clearings, $4C8,37C;
balances.. *B8,SS2y : •- '
SPOKANE. March 29.— Clearings, $312,349;
balances.' $43,030: : .: " ¦•;'<-..
" ', " Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. March . 29.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 75c; bluestem.- 81c; valley, 81c.
->¦ ¦¦; -WASHINGTON. '
TACOMA.- March 1 29.— -WHEAT — Unchanged;
bluestem; 8Cc: club, 1 75c. -
The following quotations are for rood, tonal
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, lets SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE^ — Steers. 8$S>c; Cows and Heifers*
7©8c; thin Cows, 495c per lb.
CALVES — 4tfr4Vie per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4HtT5Hc; Ewes. 4*4^4^3
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 6%66c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, 5!iff«e:
over 200 lbs. 5H1|5%c; soft Hogs. 4«i«3"-ir;
8ows. 20 per cent off; Boars, SO per cent off.
and Stags, 40 ser cent off from above quota
tions. ¦.: ;
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from *laurhterer« to 4««Jsrs
are as follows: *
BEEF— 7i4S9Ho for Steers and TffTHo per
lb for Cows
VEAL— Lart;*. 8^«9e: «nall. 8%t«%e per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9H»10Ho; Bwm. 9^9
10c per lb.
LAMB — None coming In.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6^1990 P«T 1%.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Soma further changes will b« obawved. Beef
is higher, scarce and getting scarcer. In Hut
ton, Ewes have again advanced. Mutton is
also scarce, and this market Is now drawing
the bulk of Its supplies from Utah, Idaho and
Montana. Spring Lamb Is only occasionally
eeen. and the heary rains and high -water In
this State have stopped all shipments henc<«
from the Interior, especially from tha Sacra
mento River region. Dressed Hogs ar» also a
fraction higher, but theT« is bo further ad
vance In live Hots, though receipts are rery
moderate. Veal Is the only description la th«
list that Is cominar forward In any quantity.
Meat Market.
"¦¦ Hops are quoted quiet, though a' few sales |
j are being made at the quotations below. Buy- 1
ers have raised Jheir bids for 1904 contracts, J
¦ both here and up north. Tacoma advices re- ;
| porting bids at 18®2Oc. Spot stocks are very ]
• small, as frequently mentioned of late.
1 The. heavy rains have stopped all operations .
: in 'Wool, both shearing- and buying-, in all j
! sections of the State, and the trade, look for j
no further movement until the weather clears. ,
: Prices remain unchanged. ft \> ' ' ¦
1 Hides are steady and conditions remain as
for some : time back.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
; abcut >:felc under quotations. Heavy Satted
i Steers, O'.ic: medium. 8^ic: light. 7%*c; Cow
I Hides. 8c for heavy and 75ic for light; Stags.
16c: Salted Kip. -9c; Salted' Veal. 10c: Salted
! Calf, lie; dry Hide*. >15«tl6c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
I Calf. 18c: Sheepskin*, shearlings. 25.®30c each;
short Wool 40ft U.V each; medium. 70®90c: Ions;
I WooU SlCfl 50; Horse 1 Hides, salt. $2 75 | for
I larse and f2&2 50 for medium. 91 25(91 75 for
small and- 50c for Colts. ' Horse 'Hides, dry.
$1 73 for large and $1 SO for medium. $1@1 25
I for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
[ Mexican. 31c; dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
I Central American. .31c. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium,
35c; small. 20c. •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4Vt94Ue per lb; i
No. -2. 3Vi«4c: grease. 2Vi©3c..
WOOL — Spring clip — San Joaquln'and South
ern. 12 months'. 9&llc: do 7 months', satoc
f*HOPS— 24Q27c per lb for California. 1903.
and 17',j©20c for crop of 1904.
General Merchandise.
, 'BAGS — Grain Bags.-5V4c spot and 5?ic June-
July: San Quentin, $5 40; Wool Bags. 32-g35c;
Fleece. Twine. 7»ii68c.
. CANNED FRUITS — The California Fruit
Canners 1 "Association quotes the following price
list:- .- . ¦ -•.-¦••¦; ..- __
i ¦ •• . fruits. . . '. ; . h . ¦§¦ 3. '?/.
J''-:--''-.-,' ¦ 3 • ; . ; I
Apples' '."..•'. .'r.W .•..;..'.'. %l 55!$l 30|l 2O'$l 10
Apricots ( . . r. ......;..-...... , 1 401 1 30 ....
Blackberries .1. , .'..'.... V 60 l"40l I 30 1 2O
Cherries R.- A...'...... 2 15 1 901 1 70 140
Cherries, white-....... 1 . .... 1.75) 1 60 1 35
Gherrles, black, ....-."... 2 00 1 75 160 1'35
Grapes ... ...;..... 1 35 120*110 100
Yellow Free Peaches... ....150 130 ....
Lemon Cling Peaches.*.'. 2 00 -..*.. 1 40 1 30
PearsV.: ...'. 2 00,175 ....
Plums'...". ...•.....•..'....•. -I 35 1 15 1 05 • 95
Raspberries Vi. 2'50 2 25 2 10t 1 9O
Strawberries < 200 1 75 .1.601 14O
: CANNED, yEGETTABLES— Tomatoes. 2H-lb
standard. S5c;\ Greei* I Peas — Petlts pois, $1 35
©1 50; standards. SSc; standard. . lifted, |1;
extra' sifted. -*l 15; "marrowfats,! 82 He.
• COAL— Wellington. v %S -per ton; - New Wel
lington. $M: Seattle. * 3 50: Bryant. $t; ,%0: Bea
ver Hill. *8: Stanford. »":• Kostyn. -$7: Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
*7 50; Cumberland. $1U in bulk and lit '.T. In
sacks;- Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg-, < 914;
Welsh 'Anthracite -Egg.*. $13; Welsh- Lump.
$1150; Cannel. f S 50 per ton: Coke, 111 50(813
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions; $11 -43 per 2C00 lbs and $12 SO
per long-, ton.- according .to brand. . ¦
'PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles., per lb. 4t£c:
cases rcjtular. 5'ic; casea. txtra, large. 5^c;
Kastern style. 6Vic; boneless. 6%c: '•Norway,"
6Uc;^ "Narrow Gauge." 6«4c: "Silver King."
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
. Stocks— . - Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 42,600.' "l'i ¦ ?$•£ --71H
Atchison pfd «00 00«i !KH| . BO^i
Baltimore & Ohio 15.600 SOT 8 79 H(f .
Bait & Ohio pfd .... Sf»
Canadian Pacific. 900 115U 114*; 115
Cen of New Jersey '...;.- .... l&e
Chesapeake & Ohio 300 .Slvfc 31»; 31 "^
«^hicago &. Alton.; 700 38% - G7*i S8»i
Chi & Alton pfd .'...¦'.*.•.. SO
<"hl & Great Went. 300. ' 15»i • 15»^ -15%
Chicago & N W.. l.«00 172U'-16» . 171S;
Chi. Mil & St. P. .31,000 144% 141»i 144U
<". M & St P pfd.. .... .... 173
Chi Term & Trans ..... -: '.'*.. .... 914
Chi T & T pfd 100 1»H '-' 19*a ' U* 1 -^
C. C. C & St Louis ..... . .!.. 74'
Colorado Southern. .600-16 "15% 15U
Colo South 1st pfd. 100 '¦53 ,53- 52%
Uolo South 2d pfd. 200 22% 22% 22 li
Dela & Hudson. ... 4.300 155 153Vi 164
Del. Lack A West. 200 268 268 265
Denx-er & Rio G 20«i
Hen & Rio O pfd.. 200 «9 6» eO'A
Erie -17.600 '26% 25«i " 2G^i
Erie 1st pfd. COO 64 63^4 63U
Erie 2d pfd ..... 1.1C0 42 40? B 40?i
Hocking Valley 73';
Hocking Valley pfd ..... go«i
Illinois Central .. 1.000 130«i' 129% J30ii
Iowa Central 100 19 10 i»
Iowa Cept pfd 300 33% 33 . 331;
K C Southern .... .... l*i?
K C Southern pfd. ..:.. ...." ..;.- 35
Louis & Na«h .... 6.4OO lORVi 107iilO7'«
Manhattan L : 600 143% 142% 142)4
Metropolitan E«c8. • .... .... jg
NEW YORK STOCK. LIST,
NKW VOBKj March *_"J.— Union Pacific madt
a momntut In to-day's market similar in char
act* r 'although n( lets violence) to that of
Monday o. laa week pracedins the announce
ment Of tht plan of the <l'?tr : bution of the
Northern t-tcuritiea assets, nut this U-olatr-d
movetrert failed siirnally to carry the general
market with it. This slUKKiehne?* of the gen
f-ral marktt seemed adequately accounted for
in thf rariy dealing* by the confllctinc move
imtit in United. t^talen .Steel preferred, whith
*olu down more than a point below yester
day's ¦•losinB. The- general list seemed to be
h€!'l in suspension by these conflicting move
ment*, but iho discrer.ancy became marked
iati r in tli« <Ja:v ivhcu the' pressure against
I mud t-t&tes S-te^I preferred was relieved
v.-ithout a recovery, however, while the rise iii
Union Pacific became more buoyant.
The renewed strength In the mersrr securi
ties on t*i" curb was the only response that
might be ,n sympathy with the rise In Union
Pa-Jflr. The jceneral list remained Inert untfi
the lally Ju*t at the close. The source of the
moti\e of the buying of Union Pacific was as
much of a mjraterjr as ever, but there can be
no doubt thtt the suspicion has gained a
hold <:n the speculative community that, all
is not peaceful in the rrocess of undoing the
Northern Securities merger. The fear gain*
ground that the real point atls*ue is an ad
\ar.tago cf v^it'on j n fhe transcontinental
field which threatens to reopen the whole dis
pute wnich was fought to so violent a termina
tion in 1901. The fear , is fostered by the
traversing of the history of the formation of
the Northern Securities Company and by the
republii ation cf the contention by E. H. Har
riman in a public hearing that the transfer of
his holdings of Northern Pa^lnc was by private
sal'- to J. P. Morgan & Co., and not by de
lxjsit of the slock with th? Northern. Securities
Company lor exchange Into their stock. The
impreiision thus tet afloat in Wall street Is
that He Union Pacific interests are standing
out for. the return of their original holdings of
Northern Pacific and the control of that system
while It is also felt that there 1« no more dispo
sition to yield this peaceably than at any other
previous time. Rtt>ortB of enormous loans made
on Union Pacific collateral kept alive th"
curiosity is to the absorption of that'Stockl
but threw no light on the question. It was not
until th» cksing dealings that the market
shawed any sign of response to the Union Pa
cific. A rise of over 2 points in St. Paul -and
Hiln SouTliern Pacific then pulled the general
list' up to last night's level or .slightly above
The heaviness of United States Steel* preferred
was due to the fears of a statement of the
earnings for the quarter I to be made at the
meotJngnext week, which Is also to act on the
dividend. The session of the Stock Exchange
passed without any announcement of gold -ex
ports by to-morrow'* steamer, although for
eign exchange made a .further advance. There
was some revival of .the crop .scare oh account
of dry weather in the Southwest. • , .-.
•The market- closed .quite firm.. Bonds were
irregular. Total sales. $1,540,200. ' . .
United StaUs 2s and new 4s coupon advanced
l'i and 3s. coupon and old 4s >i- p»r cent on
call. . ... '.
AVrc York Stock Market
NEW YORK.. March 29.— Money on call was
tteady. l'^'al^ p^r cent, closing 1>, per cent,
offered at I-\ uer cent. Time luans weie
eas>. Sixty days and ninety days ogJV^ per
cent: six months, :;* t iSj4 per Wr.t. Prime
n:e:<.antile paper. 4'ihiS per vent. Sterling
e.M-ha!ige was strong, with actual business la
bjiul-crs' mil? at ft >7.Su fr.r demand and at
*l S|.o."?i4 *>\:~7t for flxty Ways, i'osied rate*
si BSQj s;,i, an d rj. Commercial bill*!
:?i S4 4 S* M**. Bar Filvf-r. :&*,<*. Mexican
dollars. 4*v. Honds — Go\enim»nts, fining:
tailroadc, rreiular.
New York Money Market.
<'r«I< |t««j«Cta *re improving rapidly and the
oui!'<k i^ l*t«rr tl'.an at any time durinc- the
A e-jod crop of hay will be raised and
pra'n t. id probably mtkf a fair crop in tome
M-Mi'-nf. Pasturare is good and cattle are im
l.rovinp. Or«:iarb> and vineyards were greatly
benefited by (lie rain and the prospect is good
Tcr la:~e > irl-'s of deciduous fruits and grapes.
APTiO':t> s.r° in full bloom at Anahoim
LOS. ANGELES SUMMARY.— Good raint in
tli* noriliern sections assure crop.«. while in
others i-ror*. thoush in fine condition will re
•jnir<- April raius to mature. Snow fell heavily
ir. the mountaine.
PAN JOAQUIN VAT.LET.- Warm. cloudy
%eath»r with frequent rain* prevailed during
the fore part of the wifk and ckar, <-oijl
either the latter, Th»*e (.oiiditloni? were very
Isvcrahle for all growing imps. .Grain and
Rra*»= have mad» rapid «rrowih: the former
[¦remises a eoud crop and thr-. latter i(= plentiful.
Krr-TK.li prunes are in bloom and apricots and
almonot- are making «;ood Browth. Almonds are
us Iar2*> as peas and promise a heavy crop;
other oeciduoug fruits are setting well. A
heavy :ro>5i occurred 011 the "5th. but no dam
f-.RC 15 reported. Stock are reported healsl-.v and
improiirg rapidly. It If estimated that T3.00<>
s -r*t- of rn.-laimfd land in the northern portion
of th'_- vi-Iiev are now florxied and the dama«r»
• auwd will be Kreat. The l»v«-es on Bouldtn
Js!»r..] gai'- way <-n the afternoon of the 24th
and th'-ur-anos of a< res «>f asparagus lands are
rx'w iin<!fr water and th<> crop a total loss.
lit%\y ram continues and mort- damage will
prot»bl> occor tx^fore th<^ water falls
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— The rainfall
d'.irinsr thy wet-k averaged about two inches in
th* \«lipv< and throughout the xrain districts
B«d iroin : :.thr^ to five inrh«?in the foothill
and iroiJTuiUn districts. !t was the heavi*-st
lain of Ifce. tt»scn and was a < com pan led by
bcavy roo»fall in the mountains. Light frosts
o"cu!ifd a'ter the rain, but rauE-ed no damage.
COAST AND BA¥ SECTIONS.— Cool and
cloudy v.-< ath*r j'revailf-d most <if the ,wc*-k.
»ith frequent rsinfc. Fro^t> occurred in some
Sfctio:i5. but caused no material injury to fruit.
Thr OOOtteaed rams and < <;ol w<=ath«.-r are very
unfavorable Jor grain and deciciujus fruit*.
Th»;se crops «r- all m fair i-onditioii. but growth
if t-low and ursatisfactor>-. TIk- northern sec
tion it most seriously affrcl«l, as the rains
have been heavier and more frequent than in
the *outh. Iti most of thr houthern districts
th<- rainfgll has been ample and crop proep ct?
sre reported excellent. With clear, warm
weather during April ar.<J May it is probable
th?t Rood croj* of tivir.. hay and fruit will be
rai**i1 in all sections.
lent condition in «!I sections, with indications
of !sr:«; yields. Southern orrhards and vine
yards we.-r- preatly benefited by The rain.
BAC&AIIKXTO VALLEY.— Tic weather was
col a'r.'i tiyuJy durinji most 01 the we*k, with
frequent iains in th<> valleys and snowstorms in
tht mountains. Severe fruEtfe oixmrred on the
21st ard 2oth. which in ?omu places slightly
injured almonds, apricots and loaches. t;r*at
>¦¦:.*¦ I-^s hf-ea don»> by tbt int-fsi=ant rains
arid t*ii overflow <>f streams, mainly to grain
and asrarifus:. Th^ altrm:>t to clow the
broken levees failf-d, and work will not be re*
fumM until the river? fall, hi tome of tfc?
overflow. oij diatrit-ts grain fields are being re
*fe<Jed. <irain ar.o c:as? ar^ in excellent c-ondi
ticn exempt in the overflowed ser-tions. and pms
pecta continue end for larpe crops. Fruit trr<-s
filt f ti lair condition, fjut (he* truit is develop
ing Flowly owirg to the unfavorable .weather.
No work ts being done in orchards and vine
yards.
Therr It now very little 1 >j^r>evt that crops
can f* raised on the frequently overflowed
grain !ar.ds in the northern San Joaquin and
fcoutherii i-acramento valleys. The broken
levees have not yet been closed and work has
fce«n susp^nded until the rivers fall. The flood
inn at the rich asparagus fit id on Bouldin
Inland has resulted in a loss of many thousand
dollar*. <jn som«> of the overflowed lands in
OH Sa-rran<tiito X'all^y f?rmers-ha\e commenced
rtfc*-«-diT4t 10 grain. In the tection? of Northern
Calttorata n-jt waltoWl grain continues in
fail ouBdlttaa, l>ut it* growth is bejng retarded
Jjy t'-H <«jcI we-athcr and incessant rains. In
the *' utfctrn dittriitu th* raimall has bevn
lie*iter. but e-nouch has now tallc-n to Insure
good croui i» later conditions ajv favurabie.
In & atberil California the <_rop is l>ett-r than
at any time duilns the season and fair >Ulds
<jf bay anil grain arc expected.
AtoOMda. epricots and pea-.-hes were slightly
injured -by frost in portions of the Sacramento
Va!Jcy. *l>f-ciduous fruit* are iej«.irtcd in exctl-
The weather was cool, cloudy and rainy in
ail sections most of the we*k. Frost occurred
in m<;ny ulaces, bijt caused no matt-rial dam
age. The heavy rainfall in the northern dis
trict a^ain resulted in the overflow 01 creeks
and rivers, rc-riously damagaing grain lands
and flooding the ff-rtlle lands e>n the islands in
th*- Saoramento. The snowfall in the moun
tain? is i-"port€d unusually hpavy.
GENERAL SUMMARY
The wwkl.v report of A. G. McAdie. section
Airector of the climate and crop sen'ice of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, ic-'per lb for
extra, 5®rtc for No. 1 and 3(34c--for ¦ No -2-
Rhubarb. i.V«i?l 25 per box; Green Peas 3J85c
per lb; String Beans, per 1 lb. Toma
toes, $1 5002 50 per box or.crarfe for Los Angeles
and $1 riiKd:: for Mexican:. Summer Squash
from Los Angeles. $1 25@1 50 per bos; Cabbage
$1 10 per ctl: Carrots. 50c p;r sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, $1®1 50 per dozen;- Garlic " S©10c
per lb: Egg Plant. per lb;- Dried ~ Pep
pers, &©8c per lb for Stockton, and- lOifi 12 4c
for southern; Dried Okra. 10®12%c ' per-ib-
Green Pepperti. 10@15c per lb: Mushrooms. UY<i
20c per. lb:- Marrowfat Squash.. l@lV4c -per lb-
Hubbard. »«c per lb. ,7 :-. . , - '
ONIONS— Yellow. $2i&2 50 per - ctl ¦» for Or
egon and $3 30(33.75 for •Australian;.. Green
Onions. 35ftti0c per box. • ' c'. .'. , w '"
POTATOES— Burbanks from .the fiver $1©
1 20 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks,' $1' 20S1 45
per ctl; River Reds, $1@1 10 per ctl: small
Or?gon Burbanks «for seed. »0e@£l per ctl-
Garnet Chiles. JliSl 20 per ctl; Early. Rose"
$1 35^1 50 per ctl; new Potatoes,- 2i:©3c -per
pound. . . - ; - •' , . •
Receipts of Asparagus were nearly 1300 boxes
and prices had a further decline. . The market
was weak owing to the lack- of demand .for
shipping, and there was qultea heavy surplus
unsold at the close. One canner-was In the
market and purchased stveral hundred . boxes
of No. 2 at 303 Vju P*r pound. .Rhubarb was In
free supply and unchanged. Peas were In light
receipt, but sold slowly at easier rates owing
to the poor - quality of the offerings., which
showed the effects of the recent ' rains. " Re
packed Iota of Tomatoes were firmly "held at
the ton rates, while offerings In original pack
ages were offered freely at the Insld: quotation.
The. steamer Curacao, which arrived from- Alex-
Icon ports on. Monday, brought up 140O boxes,
most of which were in poor condition and ' will
have to be repacked. The same . steamer
brought- up' 36 boxes of Green Peppers, which
were offering at 25@.'!0c per pound: A con
signment of five crates of Florida Tomatoes
which arrived on Monday, was sold at $3 50
per crate.'
A firm feeling prevailed In the market for
table Potatoes and trade was 'quite active, as
most deal:-rs were expecting a. higher range of
prices. The best lots of river and Oregon Bur
bank? were rradily marketed at full figures and
cheap btock moved more freely. | The firmer
feslin? is du» largely 10 reports of extensive
damage to tUe growing cropa in the flooded
river districts. Some dealers reported a weak
market for s<»ed kinds, while others were firm
In their VhWB and were still asking hl^h prices.
Dry Onions were in good request at the top
rate, with seme dealers asking a little more,
but no actual, sales were reported over $2 50
per cental. . ¦ ¦ ¦
Potatoes, Onions and .Vegetable*
¦BEANS— Baycs $2 .1.VJ72 .'0; Pea $:;i0.: -25;
Butters. $.{ 5C(fi;; 75; snla i| white." *3ff : 15;
large While. $'_' G5<S'.* 7.'-: Pink, $'{ 1'C^f I :\o;
Hed. Si 50; Lima. 2U©.1 30: Ked Kidneys,
?4 5(«7u: Ulackeye, $2g*J 15 per ctl;- Horse
Beans. f2(^'i 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $:i 75fe4: Yellow
Mustard. $;;?/.¦? 2.1; F.ax *1 SO(S 1 00; 'Canary,
.*4(?i'r.* 4 t for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14Vi®l»>c: Rape
I',i'S2c: Timothy. 6fd64c; Hemp. 3404c 1 per
lb; Millet. 3034c; Broom Corn Seed. ?20@2t
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Biackeye, $;', per ctl; Nilcs,
$.1 ?b; Creen. $.!^3 25.
The B;an trade- coctlnue to quote a quiet
and {featureless market at quvtatlons which
have ruled for tume little time. Se^ds are dull.
Uried I'eas continue in light supply and firmly
held. . .
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $24tj2.*>' per
tonr Oiitakc Meal at the m'ill $2!* 5Cff.:i;
jobbint:, $32 » Cocoanut Cake $22tT23: Corn
Meal. -<29 5C@3l> 50: Cracked Corn. fMfi.il ;
Mixed Feed. $23923; Horse Btans, $JO®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $15^17; Wheat and Oat.
$14 !W>f 10 50; Oat. ?14@lti; Barley. $13(31.1;
Stock. $12 50<gl3 50; Alfalfa. ?I2 50@14 per
ton
STRAW— 50#70c per bale '
Beans and Seeds.
The Hay market shows no change whatever
and the demand Is sufficient to abeorb the daily
receipts.
' BRAN— $1MI1O 50 per ton " ' ' •
MIDDLINGS— ?--J(&2« 60 per ton
SHORTS— $lf<«7 19 30 per ion.
Th? millers are now reporting a better de
mand for Kt-t-dstuffs. as the hea\y rair.s have
made th«*ground so boggy that In many parts
of the Mate stockmen ha\e been obliged to take
up their stock and feed them. Prices show
mer« steadiness in consequence, though the-/
remain as before.
Ha\ and Fccdstuffs.
All descriptions under this head are in a
normal condition at unchanged prices, though
the bad condition of the country roads is check
lnc the distribution of Millstuffs at the moment
FLOUR— California Family Extras $4 S0&
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extias. $4 70-@5:
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at S3 S5«4 S3
per bbl. • -
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs
nye Flour, %-i 25; Rye Meal. $!; Rice Flour.
*7: Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 S034 75; Clacked Wheat $3' 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour %& SO- Rolled
Oat3. bbls, $7 L'5@.S t!0; In sacks, $0 73@8 10;
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Pea* $5 50 per 1C0 lbs
Flour and Millstutfs.
EASTERN MAKKETS.
Phcenix 2S».54 78 62 SW Clear .00
Portland 2!>.'7<5 50 44 SW Cloudy .26
Red Bluff 2».S0 M 4« SE Cloudy .10
Roseburg 29>4 50 4« SW Cloudy .OS
Sacramento ..29.7$ 56 .w SW Cloudy .04
Salt Lake 23. 55 54 3S S Pt Cldy .61
San Fran 2».W 52 4« W clear .07
S L Ob!:«po...2».S4 56 4S W Pt Cldy .22
San Di*go 2fl.M «0 R4 SW Cloudy .l»i
Seattle 23.70 4S 42 S Cloudy .fit?
Spokane 29. 4S 40 36 S Rain .22
Tatoorh 29. 5S 46 42 W Cloudy .11
Walla W«:l!a.. 29.52 54 36 SW Cloudy .42
Winnemucca .29.00 4S 34 W Cloudy .10
Yuma 29.62 74 64 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Unsettled weater prevails over the entire
westera half of the country. Rain, more or
less heavy, is renoited from the Mexican to
the Canadian boundary, and from the Pacific
to the R.<-ky Mountains. The pressure is ris
ing slowly on the northern coast, and while
conditions stili favor unsettled weather there
will be Ie*s rain and temporarily clear skies.
A thunderstorm in reported at Salt Lake City.
The follcwlng maximum wind velocities are ¦
reported: Independence. 26. west; Modena, 3S,
southwest: Flagstaff. 'Hi, southwest; Salt Lake,
34. northwest: North Head, 34, northwest.
At Hoisc C'.ty 1.82 inches of rain are re
ported. ',
The rivers of Northern California are all I
rJFinc rapidly and w ill continue to ri>-e j
Wednesday. The water is no lender confined '
Co r»iu!ar channels and this must be remem- j
bered in readinc the river gauge records. A j
larce acreage of grain land on the western side j
of ?he Sacramt nto is under water.
Th* following river leadings are reported: s
<"o1usa. 24.4. rising, and reports levee protect- >'
ing reclamaticn oistri<t 10s broken; Tehama. !
14.7. rising; Sacramento. 24.4 rising; RtU j
Blurt. 20,0. risiriK; San Jna'-.uin Bridce. 14.3, j
falling slowly; Waterfcrd. 7.6, rising.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours •"ndins mMnirht March 30:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled J
weather Wednesday, with light ehowers; fresh
Kouiherly wind.
Southern California — Cloudy.' unsettled
weather Wednesday, with showers; fresh
touthwest wind.
Nevada— I.ipht tnow cr rain Weu- esday.
San Fraactoco and vicinity — < Mealing slowly
Wednesday; fresh westerly winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster. ;
COTTOI.ENE— One half barrel. »4c; three
half barrels. 9c: on» tierce, ST*c; two tierces,
S^c: five tierces. .8*ic. per lb. . ,-", -"/j
The market is weak - all around, and slowly
tending downward. . The heavier descriptions
of. Bacon are quoted lower, but the light
grades remain unchanged. Stocks of Hams,
Bacon and Lard are ample for- all require
ments and the demand Is not active. The
Chicago situation is unchanged.
, CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10Uc Per lb for
heavy. 104c for light ¦ medium. 13c for light,
l.'S'.ic for extra lieht and 15c for sugar-cured;
F.nstern sugar-cured . Hams. ¦ 13c; California
Hams. ta012tee; Me«s Beef. $10 50@ll per bbl;
extra VUn. $11 50012; Family. $12 50©i:i;
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $21^25;
Mess. $IS; Dry Salted Pork, 104c; Pig
Pork. 'S>27; Piss" Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c
per lb.
. LARD — Tierces quoted at 6*4c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
0V,c; 10-lb tins. 0*ic; 5-Ib tins, 9T s c; C-lb tins.
lOo. .
Provisions.
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades. 50-lb cases^ — 2
crown Loose Muscatels. 5**c per lb;
3-crown. S^c; 4-crown. 64c: Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4Uc; Seedless floated. 44c: 2-crown
Malaga loo*e, 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose, 5*£c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 44c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. 34c Layers, per 20
1b box — 6-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters. $2 50: 4-crown fancy clusters,
$2: 3-crown London Layers. SI 35; 2-crown
London Layers. *1 20: usual advance for frac
tional boxts and layers. Seeded — Fancy 18-o»
cartons, per lb, 7\c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. 6?4e: fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 74c:
choice lti-oz cartons, per lb. 74°: choice 12-oz
carton*, oer package, BUc; choice bulk car
tons, Der lb. 7'ic;- Iti-oz cartons. s«eded Seed
lings. Muscatels, per lb. 7c: 12-oz cartons,
seeded Settlings. Muscatels, per lb. 5*4c; bulk,
seeded Set-dlings. Muscatel?, per lb, »*ic.
Nl'TS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, I;*4tl4c:
No. 2. 114<312e; No. 1 hardshell. UOUKCi
No. 2 ligll'ic; Almonds, 114c for Nonpa
reils. 114c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and n'tc for Languedoc: Peanuts. 6^7c for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanut » $4 50@5.
HUN EY— Comb. 10@ll»-c for white and 84
#n 4c for amber; water' white extracted. R@
.">!;<¦; light amber extracted, 4 4^4^c; dark,
3» **4e.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
FRUIT— Apricots. 8K@104c for Royals and
9®12c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 4>4@
6<^ sun-dried. 34T*4c: Peaches, 54@74c;
I^irs. 8©114c: Nectarines, nominal; Fig*,
white. .Ta tc in boxes; black. lV*e; Plums,
pitted. 5<a$c ©er lb.
PRUNES— 1»03 crop. 2UtW4c for the four
sizes.
The situation remains as for the past fort
night. Nuts are quiet. Fruits are largely
nominal and mostly cleaned up. except Prunes,
and . Raisins are still kept uncertain by the
factional differences between th« growers and
packer*. Honey is still handicapped by the
competition of the Cuban product in New
York.. Taken as a whole the market is al
most motionless.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
These trices <3o not cover th* cheaper grades,
ac it is lmrosyible to quote regular prices on
them.
LAMB — Leg. 2f»c: Fore<juarter, 124915c
HinfiTuai ter, 15S20c; Shoulder Roast, 124c
Chcps-. 2fe.
POKK— Roast. 124»18c; Chops. 15S18c.
BEEF— Prime Roast. 15fi?18e; Porterhouse
Sieak. 1^22Vic ; Tenderloin Steak. 15^3 ISc;
Cirloin *:t«ak, 124®15c; Top Round Steak.
124c; Be^f Stew, 10c; Corned Beef. 8®10c;
£oup Bon*% 4c; P'^ur Meats, S&lOc.
VEA»> — Loin Roast. 15620c; Shoulder Roast,
124^15c; Chops ar.d Cutlets, 15Jf20c; Stew,
PS»ltc.
MUTTON— Leg. 15c; Forequarter, 124c;
et»w. «510o; Prime Chop*. lRg^Oc.
The following retail prices for meats are
quoted by the Retail Butchers' Protective As
eoriatjen:
Retail Meat Prices.
A <J,fpatch from London to New York yes
terday raid that en reports of a Russian defeat
fcy the Japanese the Rusf ian 4 per cent bond?
declined 4 p^int and the Japanese issue ad
vanced 1 point.
Russian and Japanese Bands.
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. March 20— CATTLE— T.ereipts.
fiOOO: flow 'and lower; good to prime ste»r!>,
$.*> 17.05 <i0; poor to m?<llum. $5 75«t »3;
stockcrs and' feeders. . *2 7."'?? 4 :>5; cows. $:{ 75ff
4 40; heifer*. $215:4 75: t-anners, ?I73!32 «50;
bulls'. S'J 5004; calves. S-'5«7; Texas fed stcer».
$1 1T.«4 7. r .. '
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 22.000; to-morrow.
2S.0f;0; steady; mlxcl and butchers. $5 25®
, r > CO; good to choice heavy, $5 ,VV§5 63; rough
heavy. $5 2rv&5 50: light. $5 20Q5.65; bulk of
sales .«5 VX3Z 55.
•SHEEP— Receipts., 20,000; sheep. 10c higher:
lambs, steady; good to choice wethers. $? r,0^i
5 .*»0;. fair to choice mixed. $4 25@4 CO; West
ern sheep. $4^5 55; native lambs, $4-50!?3 75.
WcFtern lambF, ?4 75®6 15. , ¦
. Livestock Market
CHICAGO. March CO.— On the Produc? Ex
rl- : ,..-r- t-j-dav t'.'.e butter market was firmer
< reamerier:. 14»il!l!ic: dairies.. \"V t ftZ\v. Esss
<a«ler; lt!' 5 «iig«ic. Cheese, easy; ICtfllc.
Butler. Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, March 3'. — Cash quotations were
as fo'Iows: Flour, quift but firm. No. 2
ci-nnc wh'at. ft.VflSI 01: Xo. .'!. Mclff*!; No. 2
retl,*RMiC*$1 ')2"»; Xo. 2 corn. 55c: No. 2 yel
low. S'» ! ifi."5 a *c: Xo. 2 oats. 39?4&4OUc: No. 2
ry». 71c; gooii feeding barley. .'!Kfi30c: fair to
choice malting. (3053c; No. I flaxseed. $1 00:
No. 1 N*ortliw(stf rn, ?1 15; prime timothy seed.
$2 ftO; met;s ivirk. p^r bbl. $13513 124: lard,
per 10O lbs. *»l .s74«T*i 00; short ribs sides
(lix.f). $'> 75fdK S74: fhort clear sides <boxei>,'
$7 "."fi 7 ">0; whUky. basis of high wines. ?l 2S;
clover. CODtfact sraJe. $10 25.
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Fi..ur. batrels ,",s,200 30.400
Wheat, bushels 12.000 »7..'.00
Com. burbeli 172.R0O 17:t.'J0O
1 »at? I'U>1k Is '.'C2.3PO
Ry*, bufhel 1 .000 B.2C0
Barley, bushels r>:;,t«X> 31,.i00
Cash Grain and' Provisions.
t-eptrniber :•:.¦?>, .";>i 4 32 % ' 32'i
Alera Perk, per bbl —
Mav 13 .•?.-, t3 47 4 13 074 13 074
July .'13 5.'. 13 70 13 25 13 25
l^rd. ptr ICO lbs—
.May 7 05 7 124 6 P74 rt 074
July 7 22U ,7 21'4 7 124 7 1_"4
Shcrt RIb». rcr 1"0 lbs—
May 7 r/l 7 024 fi 00 6 B0
July 7 1 7 4 7 20 7 C5 - 7 05
CHICAOO, March 'Jft.— Buyers of wheat were
out in force at the opening, -but sellers were
scarce. The result .was -a strong start, the
July option ; being, up a shade to."si@>ic at
S$?h<fi;;9V«c.' - The Initial firmness was due
partly .to hlRher cables, but the strength In
the cash market yesterday was perhaps the
chief supporting, factor. For a time the mar
ket was extremely ¦bullish* and prices contin
ued to advance, July. soiling up to 894c. The
close, however, was weak, with July at S7 s i<S
¦**7Mtc. May closed' at 95',sC, after ranging be
tween »7 1 4c, and t)7Hc
An active general .trade was witnessed in
the corn pit. but a nervous feeling was mani
fested. The close was easier. . July opened
He to tic higher at T>"c fo 52^4c and closed
at 51»4(i5.i1'»kc. . May ranged between 54>ic
and closed at S5»4(a55 T ( i c. ¦>
Oats followed the course cf oth<»r grains,
the market being governed almost exclusively
by the. aitii.ni of wheat and corn. After open
ing stfade to !»®J4c higher at S8%c to 88c,
July sold b-tween :;s%r« 38 >ic ami ;59',3@:j9>4c,
cloning at 38VS l 9389ic. ¦ . • .
' Provisions were firm early in ; the session.
The market, felt the effects of the late selling
In wheat- and corn, realizing sales causing
losses throughout. 'The close was weak, with
July pork down .'!0c at $L': 25.. July lard was
off 10c at $7 12'i. ¦ and ribs were down 7>ic
at S7 or... . . .
The leading futores ranged as follows:
• Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No.' 2— . '
May ..; 97-% »7S 95*4 95 ?^
July dOdt 90-% !t0\ SS^i, 8.S%
July (new) M"ii 4 • SSiU, S714 s;a£
Sept (old) SRVi S,Vi S2T.i ,N3
Se*><. (new) 8JTJ Sl^ 81*4 Si's
Corn No. 2 —
May; .V,% .-..v.} M«, 55
July r.2i 4 524 51 H .M;4
September 31% 51 %¦ 50 T » 51
Oats No. 2—
May U 41 'i 40^ 404
July 3n r.rt'4 3^4 3SH
Future Grain and Proz'isions.
I quantity. ?*-
I QUICKSILVER— $13844 for local use anl
$42 sntf 13 SO oer flask for export.
SALT— Bales, $1 (40; Dairy. $8 50©9 per ten;
' Granulated. *:» 80® 10; Half Ground. 100- lb
I bags. *4 fiO: do. 50-lb bags. $3; Rock bait.
I $4 25 in 10O and $4 50 In SO lb bags; Genu
ine Liverpool. |14. $15 and Jltt per ton in pack
ages of 224. 10O and 50 lbs respectively.
! SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5. We:
I Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.5«>c:
I Dry Granulated. fine. 3.40c; Dry Granu
lated, coarse. 5.40c: Fruit Granulated 5.4Oc;
t Beet Granulated (10O-lb bags only). 5.3Oc;
I Confectioners' A. 5.40c; Magcolla A, 5c:
Extra C. 4.90c; Golden C. 4.80c; "X>."
; 4.70c; barrels, 10c more; half barrels, 23c more;
j boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more for all
I kinds. Tablets— Half barrels. 5.90c; boxes.
I «.15c: H. & E. Crystal Dominos. 8.40c per lb.
! No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
• rels or Its equivalent.
I LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sixes. $1S©19: «x-
I tra sizes higher; Redwood. $19923; LatS. 4
I feet. %Z 75<34: Pickets. $17823; Shingles, $2 for
i No 1 and $1 50 for No. 2: Shake*. $14 for
split and $15 for sawn; Rustle. $32034.
10}j©12Kc for food to prime washed peab«rry;
9Mi@10Hc for good to prtm» peaberry; 10H®
12c for food to prime; 0®10>4c for fair; 73JS4c
for common to ordinary.
Salvador— WQl** t c for fancy washad; 12Vtf
' 13Hc for strictly prime washed; 10<O12c for
! good to prime washed; SVa3£>4c for fair
! washed; 10<gl3c for fair to prime washed pea-
j berry; a^^fic for good to prime »emi-washed;
1 9@9V*c for superior unwashed; 8^> / 39c for good
I green unwashed; 9H>'g too for good to superior
unwashed peaberry; 7§8c for inferior to or
dinary.
Nicaragua — l2*- t 'a,'12\c nominal for prim* to
fancy washed; «SgUc nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; SU9S%c for good to su
perior unwashed; 9te®10ifcc for good to prime
unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 14j?15o for fancy
washed; 12!-«'al4c for prime to strictly prime
I washed; lli»'all\c for strictly rood washed.
I 10*i®llc for good washed: 9V4®10Vie for fair
washed: 8®9c for medium: 7@SV«c for Inferior
to ordinary; 10^i@124c for fair to> prim 1 *
washed pcabrrry; 9^i^l0c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; 8H>179c for good to su
perior unwashed. ¦ ¦
LEATHER— Sole, heary. 20@32c; «xtra
heavy, H0<340c per lb: medium 2~S29c:
light,. 240*.'«c; Rough Leather. 28<»*'^8c: Harness
Leather, heavy. 35®38o for No. 1 and 2»935c
Xor No. 2; medium. 30®37c; light. 2»9^>r:
Skirting. No. 1 40@43c; No. 2. S6@38c; Col
lar Leather, 15S16c per foot; Trace Leather. 40
©44c; Kip. unfinished. 40©60c per lb; Veal,
finished, 60©ft0c per lb: Calf, finished, 63c£$l
per lb; Wax Sides, 16#17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14<316c; Rough Splits. 83>10c per lb.
TANBARK — Ground. $20®2S per ton; stick.
$15<gl3 per cord.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c; Linseed. 4S»c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1, 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 10©l 12: Lucol, 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut. 60©70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 5Sc
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 83c; natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural 'Whale
t CHl,«.60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 7.V;
No. 1 Lard Oil, 60c: pure Neatsfoot Oil 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light Herring Oil.
45c; dark H*rrtn* Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 38c:
boiled Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 3Se; boiled
i Paint Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
: COAL OII» — Water White Coal Oil in bulk,
14c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 2Ot,c; Astral. 20^c:
Star. 20>4c: Extra Star. 24Uc; Elaine. 2«^c;
Eocene. 234c; Deodori2»d Stove Gasoline in
bulk. 16c: in cases. 224c: Benzine. In bulk.
I 13c: in cases. l«4c: 86-degree Gasoline in
j bulk. "5c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— «4c Der rallon in cases and
78c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7^
74c per lb; White Lead. 7974c according to
Chicago Board of Trade.
There was nothlnc new to report In Apples
or Bananas, trade in both descriptions being
fair and supplies ample. The steamer Alameda
brought- up 4S54 bunches of Bananas from
Honolulu, nearly all of which were too rreea
for Immediate use. ¦
Two drawers of Strawberries, each contain
ing six small baskets, cams in from Palo Alto.
Th«y were of poor quality and very muddy aad
sold slowly at 15Q20c per basket.
APPLES— *2® 2 25 per box for extra fancy.
$1 50@l 75' for ordinary fancy. 90c§*l 25 for
choice, and.50S75c for common.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 25(^2
per box for fancy and 75c>@$l 25 for standard
to choice: Tangerines, $1 50(^2 per box;
Lemons. ?1 75i©2 60 for fancy. $1 2VS1 50 for
choice and 7,V^.?1 for standard; Grape Fruit.
1112892; Mexican Linies, $3(65 50 per case;
Hnnaiw, ?i'<r_' per bunch tor Hawaiian and
$1 50@2 25 for Central American; Pineapples,
$L'5?3 per dozen.
¦There. was a fair. amount of trading- In Navel
Oranges at the recently revised quotations, and.
as receipts continued light, stocks were steadily
decreasing. The demand was confined chiefly
to low-priced fruit, with peddlers and small
storekeepers the principal buyers. The man
agers of the auction company announced that
only five cars would be available for to-day's
sale. . Choice Tangerines ruled firm at the re
cent advance, while Lemons, Limes and Grap«
Flnilt were dull. •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
New York Stock and Cotton markets higher.
Local Stocks and Bonds still quiet.
Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
Russian Bonds decline and Japanese Bonds advance.
Wheat firm but quiet. Freights low and unchanged.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye show few changes.
Heavy rains strengthen Feedstuffs. No change in Hay.
Flour and Millstuffs in fair average demand.
Beans and Seeds quiet and featureless.
Floods improving the Potato market. Onions firm.
Asparagus lower and coming in freely again.
Poultry higher and in good demand. Game unchanged.
Stocks of Oranges still decreasing. Prices steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still weak and plentiful.
Nothing new in Dried Fruit, Nuts and Honey.
Hams, Bacon and Lard dl in good supply and weak.
Wool operations stopped by the heavy rains. Hides steady.
Heps firm, zrith rather more going on.
Beef, Mutton and Pork still slowly rising.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
• NEW YORK, March 29.— FLOUR— Receipts
25.300 barrels; exports. 9300., Moderately ac
tive and partially higher. ¦ •
'WHEAT — Receipts. 15.600 ' "bushels! < Spo't!
steady: No. : 2 red, -SI 07 . elevator, fl O8®1,11
f. o. b., afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth
»1 06H f. ¦ o. b.. afloat: ' '; " "',
Options had a strong opening, but broke
Nc'tV York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. March 29. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications received, by Brad
street's show, the following changes:in'avail
able, supplies, as compared with, last account:
WHEAT— United 1 States and Canada, east
of the Rockies, ¦ decrease q 851,000 bushels:
afloat for and in Eurepe, Increase 400.000
bushels: total supply, decrease 451.000. '
: CORN— United States and Canada, east ; of
the Rockies, decrease 240,000. - .
; OATS — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease 240. COO. ¦ . ,-¦
Visible^ Grain Supply.
•NEW YORK, March 29. — The cotton market
closed ' steady at a net - advance of 8 to 13
points. .
New} York 'Cotton Marfcct.
Cons money. .85 15-16IX Y Central. .... 120
Do acrt. R " . I Nor "&' Western. .' Fn'i,
Anaconda ..:... 3»;i n o Pfd ....89
AtchiBpn 72»ilOnt & Western.. 21 %
Do pfd f3 K I Pennsylvania .... CO
Bal f.- Ohio ..;.. Ri-li! Rand. Mines ..... »K
Can Pacific . .*. . .11»';I RendlnK 22?J
Ches & Oh'o 33<'.| Do 1st pfd..... 40
Chi' Oreat West".. IS'54 Do 2d pfd...... ."0*5
«"hi JIM & St P.14sy.lSo Railway". 22%
Do Beers 1!> I Do pfd ... . fOiie,
Den &' Hio G 21 I So -Pacific ...... 50%
Do pfd 7t • lUnion .Pacific .... RSti
Erie ....I........ 27- I :Do r>fd ....*.... 04:
Do 1st Pfd ''*vi'U S RtPd iit;
Do 2d pfd...... 4S I Do pfd .1014
111 Central- ..... .1^4 IWabash ;-iO>^
Lou's * Xash. . .111 ''. 1 Do pfd ...;.,.. .*?<!<?,
M.' K &' Texas.'. . 18 »4 1 Spanish 4s 79*;
• Bar silver — Dull. 25 11-lCd per ounce.
Moru»y— 3'/J@4 percent.' •> - • v :" ; *::
The rate of discount in the open market for
short hills Is 3 per cent arid for three months'
bills. 2!i@3 per cent. ' . , ;.
• 1 s ¦ ¦ '¦ ' ¦ ¦¦» ¦'¦— . I
London Closing Stocks.
Metrop St Ry . 900 -112K 111% "1%
Minn & St Louis .... :... 53
II, St P & S S M. .600 63?i 63Vi 63ij
M. St P & SSM pfd .' . 121
Missouri Pacific .. 7.20O 92% 91% 92»£
Mo. Kan & Tex 117'*
Mo. K & T>pfd .. 100 39 39 38
Ntl RK Mex pfd.. 100 37^ 37 H 37
New York Central. 20<> 117*4 117V4 117U
Norfolk & West .. 2,100 S8H 5794 '58%
Xor & West pfd: «r»
Ontario & West .. 3.400 21% 21 Vi 21%
Pennsylvania 28,400 HRXi 117H I' 8
P. C C. & St Louis 55
Reading 5,800 44% 43'i 44%
Reading 1st pfd 77
Readlnp 2d pfd 59'a
Rock Island Co .. 7,200 22Tj 22% 22*4
Rock Island Co pfd COO «3 62'i B2%
£tL& SF 2d pfd.. «00 45>i 45' 45U
St Louis S W " .... - lS'S,
St Louis S W pfd ... .' .... 33»i
Southern Pacific .. 5C.8O0 50»j • 49«* 50%
Southern Railway. ,3,200- 22>4v 21V 22
Southern Ry pfd.. 700 83H 83 83
Texas & Pacific .....' 63ft
Toledo, St L .& W- 1,000 25Vi.- 251-* . 25
T, St.L & W pfd. 2f>0 354 35}a 35
Union Pacific 176.6CO 87H* 82% 86»i
Union Pacific pfd. • 200 94' 92 £ 83 »*
Wabaeh ;.» 19
Wabash pfd 5,700 .38 i 37>4" 37fi
Wheeling & L E.. 15^
Wisconsin Cent .. 300 18!4 18 1SV4
Wis Cent ofd .... 100 . 41 . 41 4OV4
Express Companies —
Adams •, .... .... 220
American 192
United States .... ..... io:t
Wells-Fargo .... .... 205
Miscellaneous — .'
Amal Copper 20,500 5OV4 *9^ 304
Amer Car & Fdrr 200 20 20 \ 19%
Amer C & F pfd.. 400 '72 71 T 4 71* t
Amer Cotton Oil 29^.
Amer Cot Oil pfd 88
American Ice .... 8PO "i» 7 7^8
Arr.er Ice pfd ' 1.400 2fi% 27^ «28
Amer Llr.seed Oil . S
Amer Lin Oil pfd 2$%
Amer Locomotive . 100 21}4 21 l 4 21»i
Amer Loco r>fd .. ioi> ' 82 T^ 82 T i 82
Amer Smelt & Rf* 4W 49^ 49»i, 4i»!i
Arr.er S & R pfd. ..... .... .... 92
Amer Sugar Rfg . 3.500 .12674 126U 12»'i
: Anaconda Min Co. S>0 07 67 66 ¦
Brooklyn Hapid Tr 8,800 44 H 43% 4:>"!n
Colo Fuel & Iron .... :*'• 28 '¦:
Consolidated Gas . . 500 100 19^% lltsii
Corn Products ... l.<>0»» 13Vi 13 13tf,
Corn Prod pfd 100 G0% 69»4 fi!)
Diotiliers Securities ' 23 Vi •
General Electric ... 200 166 3 4 166 16r.
Irter Pr.oer .... 11 H
Inter I'aper pfd .. 100 ' 65«i 65^4 B4Vi
Inter Pump , 35'i
Ir.ter Pump pfd 74
National l>ead 15 '
North American . . CM R5 S3^ S5
I'nclflr Majl 4<v» 27 a i 27 27* 4
Peoples' Gas l.HOO 97** 9fi'4 »7«{
Ptrsped Steel Car 29
Pressed S C pM •»
Pullman Pal Car. U»> 2t» 200 20S'i
Hcpublic Steel 10U 7% 7% '<«4
Republic Stoel pfd io<» 42H 42^, 42'i
Rubber Goods 4ih» ' 10\(, 19 19
Rubber Goods pfd 77Vj
Tenn Coal *: Iron. 20-> 3S»4 3« 5s\i
V K Leather loo 7 7 7
U S Leather pfd .. loo 7SU 7S',« 7S ,
II S Realty Km «'ii ''"Vi r «
U S Realty pfd ... 2OO r,0 49Vi 4 '»U
V S Rvbber :.. 13
U S Rutiher pfd .. 300 54S4 54 >« .M»i
V S St*>e! !Mi;u • 11"' S 11 11
K S Stc-l pfd 50.200 ¦ :**+ - r '7*^
\\ estinRhous» El?c. 2tKt lfil^, 161 \ lf>f»
Western Union ... 100 SS% 88% RK4
Northern Securities 87 u.
T';tal gales .">(«. 300 shares.
UNITED-RAILROADS OK SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK March 2T». — Donrt transactions
Of the United Railroads of San Francisco weie
$5<;C0 at *7!> 8JV4 and 5100,000 at ?79 73.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
<'ommon. Mr! I 3 *, asked i*k : preferred, bid
tt%, asked "C,u 2 .
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S rtf 2s reg..lfi5%: L & N unifd 4s.. W
Do coupon' lCSValMan con gold ls.li;;:-"^
Do .in reg lOti^lMex Cent «s «J4
Do coupon l':<; s . i Do 1st Inc i:i
Do now 4s reR.132>«jMinn <t St L 4j. W
Do coupon 133 M. K & Tex 4s.. 9914
Do eld Is reE.107 1 4i Do 2ds 7S
Do 'coupon inS l i|NR of Mcx con 4s. 7.">
Atch pen Is 101<i|N Y C gen .'tVjs.. !»7Ts
Do adj 4s 8»H|N J U" . pen 5s 129
Atlantic C L 4s.' 92% i Nor Pac 4s 10.;i^
Hal & Ohio 4s..W*Ji.j Do 3a 72
Do 2%M 84«4JNot & v: Con 4e. ns»4
Central of <Ja us.l0<i 1 a ! oSL 4s & partic. !>4'i
Do l5t inc as [ Ta conv .'Pis.. 1 .. Oti
Ches &. Ohio JUs.lOl 4! it<a<iln* sen is... »0%
Chi & Alton :;<i5. 77 \V-[. & I M con r.s.U4 : (i
i'. B & Q new 4s. 04 | S L & S F f K 4s. Sl>;
C.M & BP Kn 4s. 107*41^ Louis SW lsls. 94
C & N\V ton 7s.l2l>V),l Seaboard A L 4s. 6fi
C. R I t Pac 4s. 70*4 j So Pacjflo 4s..... S'.t
Do col 5s 7SU|So Railway ,"s...ir!
r.r,C & SL gn4s.l00i a !Tcx & Pac Ists..1l7
«'hl Term 4s SO, |T St L & W 4s. B»S{
Cons Tobacco 4s. .19 ! Union Pacific 4s. 103^4
Colo & So 4s K^a; Do conv 4s ... t>*V
Colo F * I 5s... 70 m s Steel 2d 5s.. 74%
D»n & R'-o <J 4-5. 97 t i!\Vnha«-'> l5t") ' llfiH
Erie prior lien 4s. 97 a 4l Do deb H r.is;
Do Ken 4s WitW & L Kric 4s.. K-:'4
F IV & D C lsts.1O4i4!\\ls Cent 4s S9?4
HfKrk Val 4Us..lO4'i(
NKW YORK MINING STOCKS.
A>iams Con 15! Little Chief 0<i
Alice IV Ontario 4 25
Breece 10| Ophlr 5 25
Mruns I'on 03>i! Phoenix OH
Com Tunnel COJPotoal 2."
Con Cal-& Va.. 1 7r>: Savage ."
Horn Silver 1 2"! Sierra Ncv r>fl
Iron Sflver 1 S5| Small Hopes IS
Leadville Con 02|Stan<lard 2 SO,
Boston Stocks and Bonds. ¦
Money— I IT S Steel 11
Call loans 2Vi®» l 'l Do pfd ."'-i
Time loans . . .3V4^ i^lWrstins; i.'oramon. 80 .
Bonds— I MininK —
Atohison 4s nn . lA.lvertture ....... 2'.;
Do adj 4s 8S>-i] Alloucz 4 7-10
Mex Cent 4s C3V 3 iAmal Co»prr .... 49' ',
Railroads — I Amer Zinc 9v«
Atchison 71 «ll Atlantic S •
Do pfd 9O i »4lP.lnKham Iffs^
Boston & Albany. 24^>i,r«*alumet * Hecla.4Wt
Boston & Maine. lrt.'» t Centennial .' 18
Boston Elev 13S«il<"onper Range ... *2\b
Fitchburi? pfd l+O I Daly Wwt 26
Mex Central 0*i|Dorn troal 59?;
N Y. N H & H..l.«»*4! Franklin 7%
Pere Marou»tte.. 7R IRrancy 2^;
Union Pacific 87 lisle Roviile 7U
¦Miscellaneous — I Mass Mining .... ¦«
Amer Arge Chem. 13«i| Ml.-hlsran 5 '
Do pfd 72*4 1 Mohawk 37 U.
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 Mont Coal A C... 2Vi
Amer Sugar . 12«',i Old-Dominion ... 12',l
Do pfd 125 Osceola . . . ." 58
Amer T>1 & Tel. 12514 1 Parrot 24?;
Amer Woolen ... lOUlQulncy S3
Do nfd 7fi''.IPhannon Ri,i
Dom lro:j A S... 8^lTamarack ........ 95
Ed Elect Ilium.. 234 I Trinity ..; .4
r:* n F'ectrlo 16" llT S M'nlng 21 U
Mass Electric... 1SU.U; S Oil <«
Do pf<1 72'.iIlHah ....33%
Ma«s Gas. -.IS HI Victoria r.14
I'nlted Fruit lOI'ilWInona ...... «%
Up Shoe Mach... 47 s i I Wolverine 71
Do pfd 28>J|
May— $1 09%* , . . • ., - ¦. _. .
. OATS — As th^seed demand for Black is now
over, they have relapsed to a feed basis which
t-XDlainu the sharp decline in quotations. The
market continues unchanged, the" tone being
aUady and the d?mand faif. .
White. $1 27^@1 U7Vi: Black. $1 25<&1 35;
Red. $1 25@1 35; Gray. $1 32>» per.ctl.
¦ CORX— The market has shown no change for
some dajs, .beinc quiet but firmly held. Re
ceipts are moderate and stocks light." - • .
Western, sacked. $1 .17^ • for -Yellow. $135
for White, and $1 27!,®! 30 for, Mixed; Cali
fornia large yellow. $1 40© I 45; small round
do. $1 5-X&1 55; White. $1 40@l 45 per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 40(gl 5<» for white and $1 27 4<&
1 30 for brown.
JtYE — This market has been tame i and
featureless for several months and quotations
are unchane^d at SI 30©l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
2 p. m. Session.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Rates continue about
as previously quoted, viz: 15s spot and 20s
new crop loading; There Is nothing doing on
the spot. The chartered wheat fleet in port has
a registered tonnage of 7186 against 6762 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged. 79.866
tons, against 78,000; on the way to this port.
206.800 tons, against 281,320. ' -
SJ WHEAT— The foreign markets came through
firm but quiet. Broomhall cabled • from ; Liver
pool that Argentine offerings were small and
gave the foreign crop conditions as follows:
Lnlted Kingdom, conditions continue to im
prove slowly; France. Germany. Hungary. Rou
mania and Italy, no change from" the favorable
tenor of the crops; Russian-Southern, crops un
certain; India, continues favorable; Australia.
•"Increased acreage expected. .'
Chicago advanced at the opening/' but subse
quently declined. Northern - Missouri reported
the wheat looking finely, and letters from Cen
tral Missouri and 'Tennessee reported 'crop
prospects good and the crop looking green. '-
This market showed no particular variation
either in cash grain or futures. The shippers
are doing, nothing and the millers are also out
; or the market at the moment, being well" sup-
i plied for the present. . . "'¦••»
j ¦•."". CASH WHEAT!
.California Club, $1 42%@l 47*i; California
, Uhlte Australian. $1 52%©1 60;.. Northern
2? 1 iifM* 2 '*® 1 4B = Northern Bluestem.,fl 52*
81 8i(, per ctl. - !' -
FUTURES. .. r. ¦ ,-.-*
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
,, Open. High. Low. Close"
Mav •• *1 40 $140 $140-1140
December ... 1 33% i 34 1 33 ,-. . *j 33^
2 p. m. Session. •¦•
December — $1 33.
BARLEY— Yesterday was another' quiet and
featureless day. with nothing of any . conse
quence doing. For Feed $1 12Vi was bid. $1 15
asked, with few sales. Both buyers and sellers
continued indifferent.
CASH BARLET. .
¦«, F i^^? 1 - 121 *^ 1 15: Shipping- and Brewing."
$1 17«' 2 @1 20; Chevalier, fl 13@l 25 for fair
to choice. • . . . •>
• •• FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a., m. .
¦ Open. High. Low." , Close.
December... DSVi ygs; DSVa • 83%
W heat, and Other Grains.
The Egg market continues weak at Mon
day's decline. Heavy handlers continue to
offer -fine ranch- freely at 20c. and 21c repre
sents sales of fine large selected in small lots.
Good ranch were offered yesterday at 19c. No
good store Eggs. are selling 1 under ISc, and the
low, quotation represents poor and dirty stock.
Receipts were . mod«rate yesterday, but the
falling oft was due to the storm. ar.d with
clearer , weather the arrivals will probably
run . up again to ' their -previous volume.
Receipts were. 58,200 lbs Butter. 1608 ca.se*
Eggs and '39,800 lbs Cheese.
! BUTTER — Creamery at first ' hands. 22c
for extras. 21&21 He for firsts and 18'S20c for
seconds: dairy. 16©20c; store Butter, nominal;
cold storage, 20021c for extras. l»®l»c for sec
onds and 18@18c for ladle-packed.
'CHEESE— 8 }i©9c for good to choice new
and 7<BMc for lower grades: Young Americas,
9»/4<g'10c; Eastern. 15@l«c; Western. 14@16c
i EGGS— Ranch. 19®21c for fair to choice;
store; "17®18^c per dozen.
Butter is easy at the slight decline noted
yesterday, and atocks are ample for all needs.
The 'tendency is • downward. ' Receipts from
Humboldt will increase from now on and
large supplies are expected when the weather
clears up. - >-« -»"_¦ ._.
: There is nothing new In Cheese. There are
a, few small orders coming In from the north,
but they. cut little figure and general trade Is
slow.' . " ¦ ..,•,..,.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
.NEW.. YORK, March 29.— The London mar
ket for tin was 'firmer ¦to-day; spot advanced
£1 5« to £128 10?. and futures £1 8s Cd to
£128 12s tid. Locally tin was firmer, closing at
$2S 25®28 60. • , . < ; ,
. Copper advanced Ts- 6d to: £57. 15s for spot
and' fis to £57' 10s" for futures- ln\ the London
market. Locally copper vta firm, but un
changed. ".. Lake and electrolytic $12 87>i<3
13 00; casting. $12 62ii@12 7S. -!
Lead declined -Is 3d to £12 5s. but was
unchanged here at f 4 65*54 76. ..*
Spelter- was ; firm anil unchanged at $5 15®
5 25 ' In- the local market, but London was 2s
6d lower at £22. , • ¦ ¦¦ . -
Iron closed at p 52s'Cd in Glasgow and 43e
10'jd in Middlesboro. Locally iron was un
changed, with- No. 1 foundry.-Northern, quoted
at $15ipl5 CO; No. 2 foundry. Northern. $14 50
<i}\b;'- No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1
foundry. Southernmost, $14@14 50.
Nck< York' Metal Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
firm, with prices held at full figures. Common
are quoted at -4@5»-ic; prime. 5^®5%c; choice,
« l 4<S6^c. and fancy at 7@"Hc*
PRUNES— Continue to. attract a steady
jobbing.- demand for small- lots, but the un
dertone .is Inclined to easiness owing to the
absence of demand " for ' large lots. Prices
range from 3 14 c to 6V«c, according to grade,
APRICOTS — Are quiet, but nominally steady,
with choice • quoted at $H4©10c: extra choice
at .¦l0tf@10Hc, a nd fancy at 11013c.
PEACHES— Are fairly active and firm, with
choice quoted at 7VJ@7M>c: extra choice at
7?4S8c, and fancy at 9H@10c.
DRIED FRUITS
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair . refining.. 3 5-S2c;
centrifugal. 9<J test, .3 5-32cT molasses sugar.
2 29-32c; refined, firm.
under heavy unloading, closing weak, »4©lo
lower. May closed »8Hc; July closed 93>4c;
September clcsed 85 We.
. HOPS— Steady, v . :
HIDES— Steady. ' .' '
WOOL— Stronr.
PETROLEUM— Easy. - '• ' "
COFFEE — Spot Rio steady; No.' 7 Invoice,
6%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 10@lSc.
Coffee futures cloned steady., 6 to 15 points
higher." Sales, ! 39,8»0 bags. May. 5.55@5.60c;
July. 5.76@5.85c; -September, 6®6.10c; 'De
cember, 6.40c.
Sterling Exchange, cables — 48©-
New York Exchange, sight ...... — 12tf
New York Exchange telegraphic..' — IB
Silver, per ounce ;..* — 55?i
Mexican Dollars, nominal ... " 45%
THE . SAN FRANCISCO : CALU, " WEDNESDAY, MARCH .30, 1904.
Continued on Page Thirtera.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling I Exchange," "sixty "day*... . — $* S5Vi
Sterling ; Exchange, : sight • • ' — ¦ 4 88 .
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
12
ADCTION SALES
AUCTJON SALE
EXTRAORDINARY
£* 5^
Of 40 rrasT-cxASS deapt kossss
and MAEES, LCMBEK "WAOOSIS,
HABNE33, Etc. . *
¦ AH of the rolling stock of the Wendlint
Lumber Co., on Friday. April 1. at It a. m..
«t the lumber yards of the above company.
I- will sell all of the rolling stock, consisting
of 40 head of first-class draft horses and mares.
weighing from 1300 to 170O lbs., from 5 to T
years old. all rood workers: 8 first -claaa lum-
ber wagons, spring wagons. 4O sets of harness.
This stock Is In first-class condition; has only
been In use I year and the above company
has spared no money to get first-class horse*.
Remember the date. Friday, April 1. at II
a. m.. at the lumber yards, foot of Sixth st.
This stock can be seen any time before day
of sale at the lumber yards. For further par-
ticulars call at the office of JOHN J. DOYLE.
Auctioneer. 327 Sixth st.
Sale positive, without reserve.
5^s &* ' £a
AUCTION SALE ef HORSES aad MARES.
WEDNESDAT. March 30. at 11 a. m. AR-
CADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.
JOHN J. DOYI.E, Auctioneer.
L. fl. BURD, Auctioneer,
Office ISIS MARKET ST.
WILL SELL
THIS DAY, 11 a. m.,
THE ELEGIJIT FURNITURE.- 642 6EARY ST.
L. H. BXXRJX Auctioneer.'.Henry At Allan is uctine- port steward of
the Oceanic Steamship Company during -the
absence in Australia pf Port Steward - Owens,
Allan was chief ¦ steward of ,- the liner ' Sierra
Is Aetins ' Port Steward.
United . States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
- at Fort , Point, entrance to Ban -Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. • • . \
NOTE— The high and low waters occur 'at
Sun, Moon ; and Tide.
The Norwegian steamer Alf, from New York
for Chefu. and the British' steamer '.RlchrnonJ
Castle, from New York- foe Manila, collided
yesterday at Port Said, The - Richmond Castle
had fo-irtw Plates bent on the port. side.
Collision, at Port Said.
Consent to the partition of prop
erty on Gough street, near McAllis
ter, which has been in the possession
of Harriet *Babson. was given \y Misd
Babson yesterday by stipulation in
Judge Kerrigan's court and A. "J. Rich
was appointed referee. The action is
the result of a suit in partition
brought by Ethel Rosa, the younggirl
who by a recent decision of the Su
preme. Court was declared to be, th«
owner of a one-third interest in the
estate of the Inte JoBeph Rosa. jThe
property in question is part •! the
Ross Property to Be Sold.
The Boar4 of Election Commission
ers yesterday ftled a statement with
the Board of SuDervisore that the
Biim of $259,056 will be required to
run the Department of Elections dur
ing the-fiext liscal year. Ineltided in
this amount is the sum of $130,000 for
voting: machines and $28,456 for sal
aries of election officers at the pri
mary election to be held on August
9 and the general ejection November
S, 1904.
v - ¦ • - ____^S ,
urchitect Charles Pafr— All work
for ' a tbree'-story frame building, with tha
first story rough (two flats), on. N\V corner of
Church and Jersey streets. 30 on Jercey and
75 on Church; 4J91L
Money for Voting Maclilnes.
When the steamship Curacao sails from here
she will take back to Mexico a 14-year-old
boy who stowed' away at Ensenada. The
youngster (cot Captain Paulsen's permission to
work his passage from Mazatlan to Ensenada.
At the latter port he made Use of tha knowl
edge ho hed acquired of the. vessel's out-of
the-way corners to hide himself. He has no
money no friends and speaks onjy» Spanish and
the immigration authorities have refused him
a landing. • ¦ vV- 4 ;;
Stowaway on the Curacao.
Tuesday, March 29.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka, P C S S Co.
" Stmr Rainier, Hensen, Seattle, Pollard S g
Co. ' .
Stmr Nevadan, Greene, Honolulu, Williams,
Dirr;ond'& Co. *-• .
. Brig Harriet. G, Feterson, codflshlng, . E.
Pond., ' ' ¦ '
• Tuesday, March 29.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell, 5 days 19 hours
50 mln. from Honolulu. ... .
Stmr Alaskan, Nichols, • 73 days from New
York, via Coronel 31 days, via San Diego 62
hours.- " .
• Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay,- ¦ ,
w Ship Edward Bewail,- Quick. 127'daya from
Philadelphia.
-Schr Laura Madsen, Cook, 10 days from As
torJa.' ¦ ' -.
Bchr Joseph Russ, Garskl, 25 days from
Santa Rosalia. ' ,
¦Schr Jennie Griffln, Gibson, 3 hours from
Bolinas.
CLEARED. -
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
The following affects the List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific' Coast, 1903:
OREGON.
Clatsop Spit Gas Buoy, page 28 after No. fil
«Llgt of Bcacona and Buoys. Pacific Coast, 1803
page n2)—This red, conical buoy, established as
an experiment on December 23, 1003, having
failed to withstand the heavy currents, wai
discontinued March 25,. 1904.
The following affects the List of Beacons and
Huoys, Pacific Coast. 1003:
X -•••¦-•¦ OREGON.
¦ Tillamook Rock Mooring Buoy, page 42-*-A
white, first-class nun, reported missing March
19. v was replaced March 24.
WASHINGTON.
Grays Harbor Entrance, page 7!l— Inner buoy,
a PS. flrat-class nun, reported missing March
12, was replaced March 21 on the following
bearings: -Lone tree on Damon Point, NE. by
N,; outer <nul' Jetty -wharf, (inside the bay) E
by N.,. northerly; Grays Harbor, lighthouse, E.
¦By order of the Lighthouse Board.
C. G. CALKINS..
Commander. V. 8. N., Lighthouse Inspector, "
Notice to Mariners.
' xhe American-Hawaiian Steamship Com;,
pany's freighter Alaskan, Captain Nichols, ar
rived yesterday from New .York with about
11,000 tons of general merchandise, part of
which is for Seattle and- Tacoma. - The Alas'
kan wa> seventy-onn days coming from New
York. She railed at Coronel for coal and dis
charged about 2000 tons of cargo at San
Diego Fine weather was encountered almost
tlwoughout the passage, i The freighter was
obliged «° come to anchor ' several times In
the Straits, of Magellan owing to the thick
weather. Which usually prevails In that region.
Vlthough she arrived before noon it wa» nearly
4 o'clock before the Algskan went to her
berth.
Big Freighter Alaskan Arrives.
The American shlo Edward Bewail, Captain
Quick, arrived yesterday from '¦ Philadelphia
after a smart passage of 127 days. She brought
4BS5 tons of coal.. She rounded Cape Horn
fifty-four days after leaving Philadelphia and
encountered some very heavy weather between
the cape and latitude .vi eouth In the Pacific.
Ceptatn Quick reports that February 2 Thomas
Patton. a seaman, fell overboard from the fora
upper topsail yard and was drowned. Patton
we* a native of Philadelphia, 21 years of age.
Loses a Man Overboard.
¦The steamer Knterprlse sailed on Monday for
Hilo with an assorted merchandise cargo, val
ued at ¥48.422, and Including the following-
S75 hbls Hour,. 112.S70 Iba rice, 1110 bales hay'
W ct{» wheat, 3703 etU barley, 114,573 lbs
bran, US.iiin lbs middlings, "'(».•¦:{ lbs sugar, 5427.
lbs fresh 'meat, 335 lbs 4 cs dressed poultry,
I'M lbs 1 cs fresh fish, H bxs frozen oysters,
ttl ctls" corn. 620 pkgs fre«h fruits, «l pkga
fresh vegetables, $'M pkgs potatoes, 71 pkgn
onions. 351 cs -canned' goods. 4244 lbs I>eane
5700 lbs lard, 3002 lbs butter, 1989 lbs cheese
5117 lbs ham and bacon, 5180 Ibis codfish lUlTJ
lbs dried fish, 760 gal* wjne, 20 cs whiskey,
50 bbls,' beer, 63 pkgs groceries and provisions
28 ca 23 bbls salmon, Wil lbs 14 cs meal*
3500 lbs salt, OKI lbs dried fruit, 2184 lbs .1 c*
eandy, ! JO pkgs , table preparations, 4«S3 lbs
05 cs bread, 33 bxs paste. 340 Iba coffee,- 10
cs mineral water, 617,150 lbs fertilizer, 20 020 it
lumber, 400 bbls lime, 300 cs coal oil, 39 pkgs
mi II work, 1044 lbs pig lead, 7200 lbs pig iron
2'» sks coal, 55 bales paper bags, 640 lbs 3 cs
manufactured tobacco. 32 bxs soao, 18 pkgs
drugs and sundries, 17 pkgt plows and parts,
o rolls leather. 12 colls rope, 39 cs boots and
shoe3, 30 cs matches, 42 pkgs wagon material,
28 pkgs dry goods, 10 bbls 12 cs oils, 04 pkgs
nails and spikes, 34 pkgs paints, 3 1ml ph duck
21 bdls 125 dcs steel and iron, 5 bales twine
A Cargo for Hilo.
A particularly fine musical pro-«
gramme has been arranged for ser
vices in old St. Mary's Church for to
night and the evenings of Holy Thurs
day and Good Friday. A part of the
Tenebrae will be suns at each service.
This beautiful office signifies th»
grief of the Catholic church at the
death of the Savior and commemo
rates the last events in his earthly
life. After the pinging portions of the
psalms and the lamentations of Jere
mias over the destruction of Jerusalem
will be chanted In Gregorian tone?.
The last antiphon, "Christ Was Made
Obedient for Us Unto Death," will
also be made a part of the service.
Thia programme is rendered at the
present time in response to Pope Pius*
last allocution in regard to sacred
music.
Father Henry Wyman will preach
to-night on a pertinent subject. Father
Stark will preach to-morrow evening
on "The Holy Eucharist" and Father
Carey will preach Friday evening on
"The Passion." This programme was
prepared under the direction of Father
Carey.
Beautiful Office of Tenebrao Will Be
Rendered Thia Evening at Old
St. Mary's Chnrch.
PARTICUI.ARL.Y PLEASING
PK0GRA3OIE IS ARILVNGED
Matters of Interest to Mariners antl
Shippine Alei-c'hants.
The bark Roderick Dhu returns to Hilo with
general cargo. ' I
XEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Pteaqier. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
March 30. j |
Arcata Coos: Bay dirset;..|10 amjPier 13
Czarina..., Coofl; Bay direct...) 5 pm|Pier 8
Centennial. Seattle & Taeoma. 5 pni|Pier 20
Centralia.. Gray! Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
March 31.
Elizabeth..*^ CoqulilU River Pier 20
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports It am|Pier 9
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amIPler 11
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor ....| 4 pmlPler 10
April 1*.
Spokane Huir.boldt 1:SO p|Pler 8
S. Cruz San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
April 3.
Argo Eel River Ports . . . I 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda,.. Honolulu ...., Ill am Pier 7
Coptlo China & Japan 1 1 pm Pier 40
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. !12 m Pier 40
G. -\y. Elder Astoria & PorUandlll am Pier 24
April 3. j
Eureka.... Humboldt | 0 am Pier 13
S.Rosa.... San Diego & Way.. Ill am pier &
April 4. II
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30piPier O
April 5. I
Boflita..,.. Newport * Way.. 0 amlPler 11
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. U amIPier 9
Coron8do.\ . Grays Harbor »... 4 pm Pier 10
Aprfl 7. I
Oregon....- Astoria & Portland 11 amIPler 24
Curacao,... Mexican Port* 1» am! Pier It
Jeanie • Seattle & Tacoma. C pmlPler 20
April 9.
Newport...- N. Y. via Panama 1 12 m Pier 40
.Newburfc-... Grays Harbor .. .,1 4 pm Pier 10
April 10.
Senator.... 4 Puget Bound Ports. |11 am Pier 9
SEATTLE. *
8teamcr. ! ¦¦ ForT i Sails.
Excelsior.... Valdes & Way Ports., Apr. I
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. ' 1
Dolphin. . . . . . Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 4
City of Seattl Skagway & Way Ports. Apr, 6
J. Dollar. .... Valdex & Seward .... Apr. 9
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 10
Ucttha Valdez & Way Ports.. Apr. 10
TO SAIL.
- Steamer. I • From. | ,Due.
Wyefleld ¦' Nanaimo Jjiar. 30
Mackinaw....' Tacoma (Mar 30
Elizabeth.... I Coquiilo River ,...|Mar :{0
Del None.... Crescent City iMar.
Mineola. Tacoma Mar 30
G. W. Elder..! Portland fc Astoria Mar! 30
Spokane ' Humboldt Mar. ,T0
Centralia San Pedro .Mar. 30
Alliance Portland Sc Way Ports. |Mar. 31
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts.lMar 31
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro : .'.... Mar 31
Empire...... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Apr. 1
Newport..... New York via Panama. Apr. I
Rureka Humboldt ..'. Apr. 1
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Apr. 1
Pomona...... Humboldt lApr. 2
M. Dollar San Pedro lApr. 2
Bonlta ,. Newport & .Way Ports. Apr. 2
Coronado Grays Harbor ....[Apr. 2
Jeanie Seattle & Taeoma Apr. :;
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orford. | Apr. 4
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.iApr. 4
Oregon Portland & Astoria... Apr. 4
Ventura...... Sydney & Way Ports. Apr. 4
Newburg Grays Harbor Apr. 5
Breakwater.. New Orleans .Apr. S
Mongolia Norfolk Apr. 5
Senator...... Puget Sound Ports (Apr. 6
City of Para.. New York via Pannnw.Uw. ti
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Pts.|Apr. fl
Korea ! China & Japan :.\i>t. 7
Pat Sullivan, a longshoreman, residing at
314 Folsom street, was seriously Injured ye3
t*-rday at- Beale-slreet wharf. He was struck
by a bucket that was being used In loading
ballast and in addition to numerous abrasions
sustained Internal hurts that may prove fatal.
Captain Dan Farley, who died on Monday,
was once one of , the best-know-n masters sail
ing out of thia port. 1 For the last few years
he- ha« acted a» watchman at one of the dry
docks. .*.,.-.
The cod-flMiing. boats Uranus, Harriet a
and Stanley are getting ready for' a cruise.
They will all leave within a few days.
The army transport. Pix. .Captain George
Anker?, sailed early yesterday morning for
Manila. . -
The schooner Shasta, which was being"
towed, ran Into the 'ship Kails of Halltrdaie a
day or two ago and broke one of the Hailing
vessel's plates!. ; '
The steamer Curacao went to Selby's yes
terday mornlnc and discharged at the smeittr
her 'carjto of ore and concentrates. She re
turned to Broadway wharf about a o'clock In
the afternoon. • .
The svl'ooner -Advance, which arrived yes
terday at Coos Bay. went .ud from here In
Hlcambuat time, completina the passage in
three days.
The Jasanese steamer Aki Maru has ar
rived at Port Hamilton leakinz, as the result
of having atruclt a rock.
The rate of reinsurance on the British ship
Lamorna was reduced yesterday to S5 per cent
as the I result of the heavy local play on her
"to arrive."
Water I-Yonf Xotcs.
TO ARRIVE.
3Iovcmcnt of ¦ Steamers.
The schooner Joseph Russ, Captain Garski,
which arrived yesterday,- twenty-five days
from Santa Rosalia, lost' her foretopmast March
27, during a heavy gale, % :/¦¦
looses Her I-^jretopmast.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Mar 2O— Stmr Graf
Wald«rs«c. from New. York, for . Hamburg. '
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Mar 2O— Stmr New
York, for Belfast. -
BRISBANE— Arrived prior to Mar 20— Stmr
Mlowera, from Vancouver, via Honolulu, for
Sydney, NSW -
NEW YORIC— Arrived Mar 20 — Stmr Pala
tia. from N.aole«. ~
Sailed Mar 2»— Stmr Llgtiria, for Naples;
atmr Kai«*r Wllhelm der Croese, for Ply.
mouth; stmr Cevic, for Liverpool.
OCEAN STEAMERS
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Mar 27— Br atmr
Athenian, from VancoHver.
VALPARAISO — Arrived Mar 14^ — Qer ship
Ariadne, from Olynioia.
PANAMA— Arrived Mar IS— Stmr San Jose,
fcence Feb 20.
IPSWICH— Arrlv«<J Mar 25— Bark Rene,
from Astoria.
8ANTA ROSALIA— SaUe4 Mar ft — Br ship
Celtlcburn, for Port Townsend.
SALINA CRUZ — Bailed Mar 9 — Sehr Com
peer, for Port Townsend.
PUNNET HEAD — Passed Mar 28 — Br ahlp
Mulverton, from Leltb. for .
' GENOA— Sailed Mar 14— Ger stmr Dende
rah. for g«n Francisco. ¦ .
HULL— Sailed Mar 2ft-0er baric Nomla,
for Or»ron.
CALETA BUENA— In port Feb 25— Br bark
Auldgirth. for San Francisco.
CALCUTTA— Balled Mar 28 — Stmr M. S.
Dollar, for Singapore.
• MELBOURNE— Arrived Mar 23 — Br ship
Clan Galbralth. hence Jan 20.
Arrived prior Mar 29— Br ship General Gorf.
don. hence Jan 28.
LIVERPOOL— In port Mar 18— Br ship Falk
lamlbank, for Vancouver.
Sailed Mar 16— Br stmr Catenas, for Japan
and Seattle.
Arrived Mar 23 — Br bark Maelgwyn. from
Puset Soupd.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailfd Mar 11— Ger ttmr
Nlcaria, for Hamburg. Mar 13— Ger stmr
Abydos. for Hamburg*.
. NAVIDAD— Sailed prior Mar 29— Schr Gen
eral Banning, for San Francisco.
LE1TH— Arrived Mar 28— Fr baric La
Rochejaquelin. hence Oct 1.
PORT PHILLIPS — Arrived prjor Mar 20 —
Br ship Osborne, from Santa Rosalia.
DOVE.R— Passed Mar 20— Br ship Waadale,
hence Oct 21. for London. t
SWANSEA— Sailed Mar 26— Br ship Dum»
frleehii*. for Oregon. -'
HONGKONG — Arrived Mar 20— Stmr China,
hence Feb 27.
MANILA— Sailed Mar 11 — Schr Snow &
• Bursts*, for Port Townsend.
I HONOLULU— Arrived Mar 20— Stmr Siberia.
j hence Mer 23. .
i EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Mar 29— Stmr Yuca
tan, from Colon. , . . V • ¦' .•' ' • !
VENTURA — Arrived Mar 29 — Stmr Asun
cion, from Redondo. and sailed for Port Har-
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Mar 20. 1 p m —
Stmr Santa Crux, for San Francisco; 7 p m —
Stmr BonUa. for San Pedro.
POUT GAMBLE— Arrived Mar 29— Schr Spo
kane, frorr, ¦ .
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Mar 20— Schr Ex
pansion, for San Pedro. ¦ '
Arrived Mar 29 — Stmr Newburg. 'hence Mar
Parsed in Mar 29 — Nor 8tmr Titania. hence
Mar 26. for Nanaimo; stmr Edith, hence Mar
2<J, for Tacoma.
Passed irj Mar 29— Schr William Notting
ham, from San P*dro. for I Port Townsend.
Passed out — Stmr Montara, from Seattle, for
San Francisco. " ¦
SEATTLE— Bailed Mar 2&— Stmr Uontara.
for Kan Fi nclaco.
Sailed Mar 20— Stmr UmatlHa, for San Fjan
cisco.
Arrived Mar 29 — Stmr Senator, hence Mar
S0.
BAN-DON— Arrie.vd Mar 29— Schr Advance,
hence 'Mar 20. '
TACOMA— Sailed Mar 20— Br itmr Totten
ham, for Cbina.
COO& BAY — Arrived Mar 29— Schr Advent,
hence Mar 2«-
REDONDO— Arrived Mar 29— Stmr Scotia,
from Bowens Landing:
FA IRHAVEN— Sailed Mar 29— Schr William
Renton, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH ISLAND— Passed Mar 29— Ship
Charles E. Moody, hence Mar 10, for Ana
cortes; Nor stmr Hero, hence Mar 2tt. for
Ladysmith; stmr Jeanle, hence Mar 25, for
Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Mar "11— In lat 4 N, long 32 W, Fr bark
VIncenr.es, hence Nov 30, for Queenstown.
Mar 2^-In lat .10.24 N. long 140.57 W. stmr
Siberia, from San Francisco, for China.
POINT LOBOS. March 20. 10 p. m. — Weather
cloudy; wind KW,; \ F eloclty 24 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
j£ Tuesday, March 29-
U S stmr Dlx, Anfcer». Manila.
Stmr Eureka. Jeseen. Eureka.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka.
Stmr Despatch. - Levinson. Port Orford.
fftmr Gyp»y,- Leiand, Santa Crux.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle.
Stmr Maggi* Corning, Half moon Bay.
Bktn Newabdy, Peterscn, Portland.
Schr -Weatern Home. Lcmhke, Baadon.
Schr Ida A. Campbell, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT
. Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charga
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. g. N. Mer
chant»* Exchange, San Francisco' Cal ,
„ ilarch 2U..1H0 1 . .. ... "
The steam schooner Dispatch, Captain Levin-
Bo'n. sailed yesterday for Port Orford to try
and pull the stranded steamer Fulton from
the beach. The Fulton went ashore last Feb
ruary.
Will Try to Save the Fulton.
when selected to fill this important position.
He- has had wide experience as a caterer both
on land and eca. He was held in high esteem
in the service of .the Toyo Klsen Kaisha and
later «'m entrusted with important duties in
the Southern Pacific's commleeary department.
AMERICAN CLIPPER SHIP ED
WARD SKWALL. WHICH AR
RIVED ritOM PHILADELPHIA.
rCEEDAT. MARCH 23.
City !>:• 1 i^iur.ty i,f *van Krancisco to John :
=? «nr>. Mary ¦*¦*¦ BtttttrWQrth. lot on W line of
i'olk ktreet, «h:0 .S of Urcadway. S 34 by W
10 : ?--¦-.
to i 'harm's W. flocenbaium. lot on N
llw ••.'¦ W»>l!-pt<in yrrett. ri2:t; K of Buchanan,
E -«r. by S - !R>i,,: f — -. , !
Francfe M. and William ?. \V. I'rasln to
:.!•!:• •-;•»• SQd B<r:mrao VaanoecSlf, l<it on SW
nruw of Iirs 1 »:id liuchanan Etr»etg. W .70 by
B I3:«; $!¦....
City ar.d Qcmaty of Han Francisco to Albert
eis. Lot oil N Tiv.e of McAlliMcr street, 72 .E
•'' -ilrncr*.-, E 72:<J by N M:<;; ? .
to Kut^p J. ar.d Joseph Pnntaco.. lot
¦ -i N lln* of- *'!»j- street 100 S of Sttiner, K
:;" \-\- S 127:^' t ; * .
f^^rr!" to Uerton S. Price, lot on N\Y corner
Fell and- Fillmore ttreetK. N lexA by W
Sanip to Hannah Lichee, lnt on N line of
Hi>*-n ftre^t. lu:!:l>. E of D^vii>ad»ro, E 31:4'«
! • N 105; $ . " »
6an»e, to Klizabfth (.. Baldwfn. lot on N line
• ¦! J'r.ion Htrt-^t. 4't :» E of Broderick. E i3:9 by
Albert* atad Mery <!. Haneen to WiJIiam Witt
l;.:io. lot n» S lin»» of Port ftreet, 110 W oC
Bak«r. W '.'7:'; by S li«: $!0.
Ian C. -TnrdRn to William ?. Loale. lot on E
' ¦ ¦ ' lUchieag stroet, 133:4 it of Richmond,
V "1 4 by E 120; *!0.
Ji'hn Ceater t'» Hupo K. Aeher, lot on W line
< r 1r« at avrr.ue. l^j S of Nlnftecnih street,
S — . '. \V 1S2:C; Sl<>. . -
William fi. and Joseph P. Hams to Warren
H <''\ry. lot on W !in» of Cunrt stroet, 217 S
1 "ty-firFt, S 2 1 * by W 122:«: ?10.
City and County <<( ?an Francisco to Sarah
II, "'.¦ \r,nc lot on S'K corner of Sixteenth and
Ivenie:.^ N 71:1^.. N 81 (Jpr. E 50. S
-.1 :;. W 50; t .
Owes Kogfaea to Auguc-t L. ?un4erer, lot on
W lln* of V."alt< r strett. l.'SS K of Fourteenth, ,
N ..-, by \V «•»: *io.
Th«mfc» I*. Actiilles f» L«eonora M. Achilles, ;
!•;! on S Tine of Hancock Ftr»-et, 155 E of Xoe,
'.: ¦-':> Ij S 114; *10. »|
M. J. Hegsiun to Uawrf-nce Jorgenyrn. lot on
*C\V '-crntr of Twentieth and Collingwocd
Hie«t«, N 27:<; hy W 100; $10.
Mock Gin Jung and Leong Choir to Hung
<>n Tons BocJef*. lot on K l'.n** of Dupont
i«.t 4» S of Weshir.rton. S 1«:6 by E 51:10;
-•¦ !ot on S line of Ja<*son street. 140:3 E of
pttpottt, E 21:7 by i 3 BO; $10.
AucUita Frajr to Emauuele Daisrfro, lot pn
S Use of Chestnut street 137:6 E of Powell,
B »:« l>y B 12»: $10.
Ma r. a Erjri*c!i to Towle Estate Company. '¦
kM ob X corner of Third and Clementina '
? ;i«. :k. KW M by NE KJ5; *1O
. Tiliif and M. J. Rudolph Mohr to Christian
auri Mary Gott»en«». lot on NK line of Park
¦venae. 254 FE ol Hryarj tticet SE 21 by SE
'.:,: $10. ¦ I
John D. Robertnon to EJise A. Drexkr. lot j
< n K corner of 1'igrith airi Urannan ptreetc,
XK 17.'. by XIV CS:9; quitclaim 'ifeA; $10.- |
Am«n<ia. An<Jr<»-f to <Jcorpe and I. M. Chris- \
tepbarwn. lot on U* lin<> of Kansas rtreet. • 200 !
.N ..i Tw. ntv-firth. N' 25 by \V 1'tO; $10. . !
P. N. v.n<i Mamie C. Ashley to Christiana
fiip.fi.. lnt i.n E line of Twenty-second avenue.
SOP N of Clrment Ptrrtt. N 25 by E 120; §10. j
<^ora W. (alia* Cora A.) Morton <wlfe of J. ;
H.| in Edffar J^. Hoajt lot on KE line of Thir- i
ry-flfth avenue end Cement street. S 50. E .
l'"7:<i, Ss .V> E 75, X 100 W 1N2:6; alfo lot on j
K line of Thirty-fifth avenue. 125 S of Clem- •
iT.t. S by E J2O; al«o lot on K line of '•
Thlrty-Oft* av«-nuc. 2i>0 K of Toint Lobos '
avmw, X 7*> by E 12": alro lot en E line of
Vh::t\ -fifth aypnu»\ 12j N of Point Ixibos j
avt-jiue. X 50 f.y E 12y; ulsri lot on W Sine of j
Thirty-fourth avenu*. 10(0 N of Point Lobos •
fcvtnue. N 2."> by \V 120; alro lot on N line of ;
Point Ixiboti evf-nue; :vtx, E of Thirty-efth i
m-f-ruf. E 175 ».y K U»: HO.
Palrnnnret . Lund Comjiany to F"r»-4*r1ck 3.
urA Henry H. Vounjr. lot cm SE corner of For
ii»-tli a»'»-n-je end A street, E 105 8 100 W 43
g B0. W 120 N 150; $!<».
' American I^and and Truet Ccrapany to J<>hn |
Uedna. lot on E line of Forty. third avenue, j
J.V> Scf I *tre»t, S 50 by E I2O; flo
' Bf-mhard and Rose Getz to O*-.orpe \V Rntl '
Afrnes G. Hcott. lot on J" line r.t J street,* 82 :« '
E of T»enty-flr«t avenue E 'ZT> by S 10O- $10 !
Ji»-nry Rich to Eliza .Stern <wire of Henry), J
lot <n S line of Ocean House road, distant XE
63:14 from SK corner u1 Worth Ftreet and
<fc<-«ii House road, NK 02:7, S 122 W «•'•«
N II*. lot 2, block 4, Noe Garden Homestead'
fit..
s William If. and Henrietta E. Writht to
*cvn*. hit on S line of Twenty-fir^t «treet
!12:>» \V «.f DoudatF, W 12 :« by S 52 lot 7*
block 4, same: «10. ¦ '
I-^ank and licrtha Bchaadt to I>jui»e U j
J(.hP.tf>n; r*-rc-cord 2<«1 V. 221, lot en W lin» j
' ' I/, tta etreet. 1S.33 U of \\v>odland. (f ffl •
li/- »V -Hf>; : fct «5. block D, Runlet Height*; $10.
Albert -CJ AiLen to K. Hansen. lot on SK>
line of Berilfi rtre*t. l<»0 NW of Woolp«y, KW*
90 by NK I-***. lciK 10 and 13. block 10, L*ni
virfjiy Mouti't. quitclaim «lee<l : $10.
N. .:¦.. A. Haufen to Jos«?plj Gianni'nl, same
[lemun wl A<J«*lhetd Schrader to Alexander
V \V. Quandt. lot t(9. block 23. Mission and
Tl:irtieth Street Homeutead I'nlon; $10.
.fr-.-ne.- ar.d Mary CbWKfcU] to William A.
fr.-i Th<>mas tlar»> w Jr. «trufte«>f! estate Thoman
Hucee) let <>n ti line o f Rlchlan-1 street. 175
W of MiFsIcr.. \V 2T. by K UK). lot 26. block
1> French and Oilman tracts; $10.
Erttt* Thomas Mag-fe (by William A. and
TtomHif M?»gp* Jr., tnifteef) to Adolph r.
.-trd 'Jfrtmde Boejre. tame: ?C00.
Nellie Fhine lo John D. Lank and wife, lot
' -. K lire r,f London »<tr*«t.'2j't S of Persia,
li 2.*; by E 100 block II, Exceielor Hom»>stejd;
$10.
Builders Contracts.
ttirtiPrd W r .. Joserih V. and Franri* J. Cor-
Uilo owner*) with W>l!iam Plant (contractor*.
si'h!t«-t Thcrr.ae J. Welsh— Excavating, prad
• *)«. concrete, cement brick. tile, artificial
ttrne i r.rp*-ntrry. Jolnln«r. hardware, tinning,
palvanixed iron work glazing. i)!asterlng and j
8'1'lmliura r^xiKrjr. for a thrw-nory frame j
V>(:i!<linr en N lire of Height ».tre^. 102:« E ¦
fif Bro-lcriclt. X l.'{7:6 by K 27:«: $SCO0
Same owners "with J. lAxtney (contractor*.
¦rcUtect Bamf — Beriice reverinr, nlcmblng I
unfl pas fitting for same on same; tlT,Ui. ]
Same owners with D. Foley f contractor),
«r<Mti-ct Mtm<- — Painting, etc.. for tame on ¦
fam»: $12'>".
«Io!<?er Gate Construction Company (owners)
with llalKton Iron Works 'contractors), arcni
t"rt Henry A. Hchulse — Structural rteel and
iron wcrk U r a flve-»tory and basement brick
¦» arrhouiw on >; ocmer of Howard Hn<J Spear
directs, .crj |.tj : « by KW 131 :«; $r».»(Hl
Marraret Ir-ton (tMi-n^r) with William L»U!c
'(vintractor *uv1 architect) — All work tor alter
ation* ,«n<1 Hfi<Htionn to convert « two-etory
frame buildinc Into « lhr«*e> etory fram*. mith
Ftnr,. «:n<ifrnf>a»h 4<*7 Geary Btreft: $ljf«. -
T. !1. W. West towpcr) with John E. Beck
REAL ESTATE TltAXSACTIOXS.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning- tides are given in the left
hand column and th<s successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occur*. The heights given arc in
addition to the soundinRs of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
slsn precedes the height, and then th« number
given Is subtracted from the depth riv«n by
th« charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of tbe lowers low waterB.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH SO.
Sun rises 5:fl8
Sun sots ..•. 6:30
Moon gets ...B:2Oa. m.
S3 iTirnel Timi]""* JTlme ITime
£. } 1 Ft. ('Ft. Ft. i- Ft.
so i 4:i7j i.oioTIT ZcTnio o.euT-oinir?
ol I 5:00 0.5 11:35 5.0 5:20 0.8 11:46 5.7
1 ! 5:.V! 0.3 12: "0 5.4 «:W> 1.3 1
H W L W H W L W
2 I 0:2C 5,7 B:42 0.2 1 :2R 5.0 H:42 1.7
3 1:04 Ti.fi 7:31 0.2 2:22 4.8 7:2« 2.2
i 4 I 1:4B B.5 8:27 0.2 »:22| 4.4 »:12 2.7
fi I g:30j 5.5| «:25| 0.4|4:27| 4.3| 0:12| • 3.1
. In order to avoid the complications that at
tended the transfer to the liners Siberia an-4
Korna of their Chinese crews, the Pacific Mall
Company has arranged for the Mongolia to
ship her crew at Salina Cruz. The Oriental
sailors, firemen. . coal-passers. cooks and
-waiters, who will man the decks, eiiKine-ruom,
kiU-hfiis ' and saloon, are coming across- the
Pacittc qh paseengera on the China Commercial
Company's eteamer- Chlngr Wo, which will land
tlitm at Salina Cruz, where the Mongrolla wilj
call for them on the way here. The Mongolia
Is exDected to arrive here about April 6.
• — ¦
Hringing tlio Mongolia's Crew.
U. E. Allison and wife, C. R. Bailey. E. L.
Barr, Hies A. Beguilin. C. K. Bently and wife.
H. II. Boardman and wife. C. Bolte, Count E.
ISonzt, \V. W. limner. Mrs. W. W. Bruner,
two children and maid. H. F. Buckley, J. F.
Burns, w. W. Candy and wife, C. M. Cooke,
J. J. Corrill. S. Davis. F. II. Doyle.-. Miss F.
Farley. C Fetzlaff, M. W. Flournoy and wife,
Mifs Flournoy. J. Frye. H. A. Guyer, Mrs. ,T.
Hampe, Mi»s O. Harvey, H/ H. Heywood. Mrs,
11. Heywood. H, W. Hollinfr. Mrs. P, Holly
wood, B. O. Holt. Mrs. Guy Howard, Miss
Howard, Mrs. B. C. Judd, Catherine and
Pauahl Judd, J. H. Uenehan, Mrs. J. H.
I.£f*than and son, J. T. McCrosson and servant,
Miss M. J. McMillan, Miss Manchester, W. P.
Miller. J. R. and Mrs. Penderrast, F. F.
Prentiss, T. A. Procter, Sam Regge.1 and wife.
Mrs and Ml«s Richardson, F\ A. and Mrs. F.
M. Roeder, M. Rosenberg-, M. Senni, R. Shfiv
man C. W. Snider, t>r. II. Stetson L. Ruydam.
E. Ey Swann, F. M. Swanzy, wife and two
daughtere, Mrs. U E. Thay«r, J. N. Tetly and
wifefl Captain U. 8. G. White. Mrs. V. S. Q.
White. F. Williams. J. B. Williamson,' T. Wll-
Bon,<*H. C Worland, H. Hasley and A. Yountr.
The Oceanic. Steamship Company's
liner Alameda, Captain Dowdell, ar
rived yesterday from Honolulu with
1763 tons of cargo and 240 passengers.
Southwest winds and clear skies fa
vored the liner all the way from the
isjand port. She came up in five days
and twenty-one hours. Among her pas
sengers were eighty-two Japanese* who
have been living on the islands and
have come here in search of wider op
portunities.
Count E. Bonisi, who recently mar
ried Miss Spaulding of Kauai, was a
passenger on the Alameda. His. visit to
the mainland will be brief, as he is
booked to return on the Alameda,
which sails Saturday morning. Mr. and
Mrs. S. H. Boardman of this city, who
have been passing their honeymoon in
the Hawaiian Islands, returned on the
liner. Alexander Young, one of Hono
lulu's oldest and wealthiest residents
and proprietor cX the Young Hotel,
came upon the Alameda.
The Alameda docked'' about a Jll
o'clock. She left for the sugar refinery
about 4 o'clock, but long before'^ she
moved she had taken on "board all th!2
liquid fuel she will require for her next
voyage. The oil lighter was alongside
the liner almost as soon as she was
made fast to the wharf, and the opera
tion of taking fuel was completed al
most in less" time than the gear for
loading coal could have been rigged
and/taken down. And when the liner's
tanks were supplied there was no coal
dust to be washed from the decks and
cabins.
The Alameda's passengers included
the following named:
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. , Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 15! Rescue 07* . C<»
Esperanza ... — . 01 Ton B«lmont.. 36 fit*
Cold Anchor. 15 — Ton & Cal... — 2t
Hannapah .. — 10, Ton Exten ..60 "•>
MaeXamara . 21 23|Ton of Nev. .725800
Mlzpah Ex .. — 251 Ton N Star.. 30 ZZ
Mont Ton..l 35 1 37 M» I Ton Midway.. 35 SH
Paymaster .. 05 10J United Ton .. — 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
*
TUESDAY. March 29 — I p. m.
Bid.Ask. -'. ' Bld.Ask.
Alpha W asjJustlce 03 C4
Alta 07 " 03! Kentuck C2 t)3
Andes 4S 40' Keyes Graes.. — 75
Belcher 2C 27! Lady Wash .. — t«
Best & Belch.2 35 2 «<M Mexican 2 20 2 2T,
Bullion 00 10! Occidental ... Sit 01
Caledonl* . . .1 25 1 .10) Ophlr 5 25 ft 37",
Challenge Con 32 ::i overman .... 2S 30
Chollar 20 31 Potosi 2« 2S
C^nnderce ...1 00 1 16 Scorpion OS f!>
Con/<f & v a.l S5 1 5)01 Savage 57 C!>
Con Imperlai- 02 O-"iS*eg Belcher.. 10 It
Con NY P-S 04 Sierra Nev .. 6S 7li
Crown Point. 2o 21! Silver Hill .. 5.S .'.!»
Hast Sierra 51 05 — 1st Louis .... 10 13
Kur«-ka. Con.. — 50 Syndicate .... 04 05
Kxchequer .. 15 IS! Union Cca ..87 JO*
Oould & Cur. 4-5 44! Utah 19 *¦>
Ho'* & Xorc. 85 92i Yellow Jacket 32 :n
Julia 03 C3i
SOO Evelyn ...... 331 2W« Mont Ton ..i:!5
SCO MacNamara . 22 1 loo Ton Midway.. 31
100 Mont Ton ..1 SOI 500 Ton Midway.." 35
Afternoon SessloTi.
S0O C«nt Kureka. 85! H)O MacNamara . 23
2C0 Evelyn S-ir.^liO Ton Midway.. 33
FoIlowinR were the sa!e< on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mlnlne Exchange yesterday:
Morning Sexsion.
TON'OPAH MINING EXCHANGE
3<X> P,elchrr 2»! 100 Ophir B 87 1 ,!
r>00 Caledonia ...l. M .fl| BCO Ophlr 8 0t>
200 Caledonia .1 S2 l i! 100 Potosi 2S
2C0 Con C & Va.t 93i 4C0 Savage fO
200 Con C 4 V.I »7Vs. 2CO Sierra Nev .. 71
SSO Con C & Va.2 OOi 10O Sierra Nev . . 73
2OO Con C &. V.I BT%! 20O Sierra Nev .. 7.J
3CO Mexican 2 :i0J 2O«» Silver Hill... ««
CCO Mexican 2 33! 10O l.'nlon Con ... JM»
2CO Mexican 2 25| fCO Union Con .. *!>
400 Mexican ...2 22'.ii 100 Utah 20
Afternoon Session.
lC0,Caledon!a ...130| luO Mexican ...2 22'i
10O Caledonia .127 4! .">C Ophir S 87 f,
I.11 Con C & V.I S7V-I J<(» Savase 57
10O Con C & Va.l S3! i:c> S#r Delcher... 1»
1T> Cirr.fldence ...1 05| 2TO Hlerra Ner .. 7i>
6C0 Hale & Norc. !)0I "7d/ Sierra Nev . . C-*
2> (/ Mexican 2 23| X'jti Unton Con ...87
Morning Session
Following? were the «alea on the Paciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday ;
PACIFIC STOCK CX CHANGE.
5O Confidence ... 1 05| 4rtf> Sierra. Nev . . TO
ICO Gould & Cur. 4.1! ICO Sliver H!U . . B»
4»;i> Mexican 2 25) 2C<> 1,'nlon Con .. 87
100 Occidental . . 0oj 200 Union Con . . 83
3C0 Ophlr 5 GO'
100 Andes. 40! 10O Savane «0
ICO Be.«t & Beloh.2 «V IOC Savage ...... « fc
2'X) Caledonia ...1 JSJ .'.<>.> Se* Belcher... tl
RW> Curi C &'Va.l !>V 2IK) Sierra Nev .. 71
2-"V Gould & "Cur. 4M 1<*0 Union Con .. «»?»
tin) lUxican 2 25; 100 Union Con .. 83
500 Cphlr ¦ 3 J47'j!
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 4t»( 70ft Potosi 27
100 Belcher • 2fi| ICO Savage 59
2OO Con C &. Va.l K5. ftfiO Heg Deloher... 1O
Morning Session
the city front (Mii-sioa-*treet wharf) about 2:
minutes later than at Fort Point; the heljh'
ot title is the vame at both places.
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 8s. Rl> 10O [8 P C H 4». — 1UU
U L Wat fs.lno _ is P Co 4»js. m —
Cal N\V Kta.lt 144 — |y U n Tel Us.. 11". —
Ris I Wks5* — l(!7m Do 5a 102«i —
*|F Drdk 5s — na'ibuttr-st R33.H>.'» 113
s>* & xp 5s.ui'i — iur or ssf io!i sm*
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... Zi 23'4!Mat Nav Co. «> S*
Cal Cot Mlla Sfi _ |Nev Nat Hk.lto 2CJ
C Jockey Cl. K> 121) |N S R R Co. OiJ —
Cal Powder. 125 140 in Cal P Co. 10 >i —
Cal Ship Co. 15 :?0 [Oak Bk Sav.1124 —
CaJ T I & T — 135 (Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk. Oak IB'i — 1 100F Hall A. « —
Chut*« Co .. 6 . .7 lOrpheum Co. 12 1«
City & C Bk — 112 IPac S Tel. .101 —
East Dynm. 150 250 | Paraf Paint. M — -
DpntPwd pfd T5 — |F F Drydock *•» — '
< U con> •• 4l> — !SF*SJ Coal. U0 —
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — |8 J Wat Co. — 10ft
Fl*ch*r Thtr 1U 174190 & MTubt. — 1(3
Frnch-A Bk.lf3 — ( S wi M -.\ lik.U.: —
Gas Con A. 19Vi 21 | Truck Elect, lo 13
Hon P Co. Hi, _ ivr inC pfd *$ —
Lon* SsF Bit — «0 | Do com . . 9 —
Morning Session.
Board—
|7,fiCO United R R of S F 4 per cent 80 **)
Street—
$5,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. . SO 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
OU Stocks— Bid. A*ked-
Alma j
Associated Trust Cert 2O 21
Axtec 77 *i-
Caribou. 2^) 3 fft
Central Point Con ej
Chicago Crude 2<> ....
Claremont 55
Four rrf us, «7
Ji*ulton 1 c«»
Olant : it
Hanford .". .'no 00 '.'.'.'.
Home 1474 t fW>
imperial 18 Ct»
Independence |<> 20
Junction 15 ....
Kern 5 no ....
Lion oi ....
Monarch of Arizona. '41
Monte Ortsto 73 fUt
Occidental of W Va Irt 12
O!t City Petroleum 58
P»erle»s 1 4 CO
Reed Crude hj
Senatcr „ ¦ nu -....
Sovereign 41 4.1
Sterling * jut »«
Superior 03
Thirty-three ;;,.; .... s'jt)
Tolteo \n ' ¦
Twentv-eiKht 6 ,V> «'l«7»i
West Shore 2 T»
Miscellaneous" —
Ahhy Land & Improvement 1 SO
Fischer"* Th-ater 1 2." ....
Korthero^Cat Power 10 50 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
50O Monte Cristo Oil TTV%
4CO Homo Oil 1 50
500 Occidental nil 12
Afternoon Session.
100O Home Oil s 30 1 47li
S0O Home Oil 1 50
100 Sterling, a 30 2 B0
±
SAN- FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE
Following were the sales on the tfan Fran
cisco Stock an<l Exchanse Board yesterday:
Dr. Boscowitz, on being recalled, tes
tified that the doctor on watch was,
during that time, the sole master of
the hospital, and that it was his duty
to examine into the condition of each
ynd every patient there. .
"I don't feel that . I am responsible
for not knowing that -the man was in
the hospital," continued Dr. PawlickL
"The steward has the key of the in
sane department, and he ajone can
open It. I never go into the Insane
ward. I asked where this man held
for observation was, but nobody seem
ed to know. He was secreted over in
the Juvenile department."
In reply to a question by the Cor
oner, the witness admitted that he did
not make the rounds when he went on
watch so far as the insane portion of
the hospital was "concerned.
He found a slight abrasion on his
head, a dullness in both lungs and a
temperature of 102% degrees. In his
opinion the patientj died of hypostatic
pneumonia, causpd bv a weak action
of the heart. There was no ice bag
on the patient's head at that time.
The witness ordered an Ice bag "and
strychnine to arouse the heart.
Dr. Qeor&e F. Brackett testified that
it was his habit to refer to the regis
ter, and then to make the rounds of
the hospital. When he examined Spil
lane he diagnosed the case as a-pos
sible fracture of the skull. The stew
ard did not tell him about the diagno
sis of Dr. Boscowitz. The witness con
sidered that Dr. Boscowitz had made
the same diagnosis, or he would not
have prescribed the ice cap. All the
doctors connected with the hospital
are expected to make the rounds. At
10:30 o'clock Dr. Pawlicki telephoned
the witness that a grave case of pneu
monia was at the hospital. He did not
mention Spillane's name, and the wit
ness had no idea that he was trie
patient mentioned, therefore he tele
phoned back to Pawlicki to treat the
case for pneumonia.
Dr. C. F. Pawlicki testified that he
did rot see Spillane at all until 10:30
at night, when Steward Manville call
ed him and said that a patient in the
juvenile department was very sick. The
witness thereupon ordered Spillane
to be taken out into a lighter room for
examination, and when the witness
examined Spillane he found him to be
dying.
PXEUOMNIA IS \AMED.
Dr. Boscowitz testified that Spillane I
was brought in on his watch, and that I
after having made a careful and thor--;
ough examination of the patient, as
was his usual practice in all cases, he
came to the conclusion that Spillane's
skull was fraefdred at the base. He j
informed Steward O'Day of this factj.
and ordered him to put Spillane to be<T
in one of the small rooms "on the
other side," where he would not be
likely to be disturbed by the other pa
tients, and to put an Ice cap on his
head. The witness then entered in the
record book opposite the name of
Spillane the words "Held for, observa
tion." He then reported off watch. It
is the - custom at that hospital, he
said, when a doctor comes on dutv to
look at the register and note the num
ber and kind of cases. in the hospital, ',
and then personally exa'mine each case
after receiving- whatever Information
the steward on watch may have had.
Steward James O'Day corroborated '¦
the evidence of Dr. Boscowitz in every I
particular. When the witness went .
off duty he turned over the case to;
Steward Barry, and informed him that
Spillane was suffering from a fracture
of the skull. j
The inquest was held yesterday
morning by Coroner Leland, and the
matter was pretty thoroughly Investi
gated. When the jury presented the
verdict exonerating Dr. Boscowitz, the
Coroner suggested that it conveyed the
inference that the "other doctors con
nected with the hospital were to blame.
The jury, he said, could not know
this, because Dr. Charles F. Millar
had not been examined as to his con
nection with the case. He advised the
Jury to reconsider its verdict, which
it did by striking out the paragraph
exonerating Dr. Boacowitz and allow
ing the remainder to stand. It exon
erates Motormun W. Mansfield, and
concludes: "We* recommend the re
visa! of the system of entering and
recording diagnoses of cases in the
said Emergency Hospital, in order that
when disputes arise In the treatment
of cases the blame can be properly
placed upon the person or persons in
fault."
SPILLAXI-: AT HOSPITAL..
!.
A Coroner's jury yesterday in
! vostigated the case of Hugh Spil
'1ane, who died of a fractured skull
; at the Central Emergency Hospital on
i March 1". Spillane, while intoxicated,
1 fell heavilv to the ground and frac
! tured his skull after alighting from
' a streetcar at the intersection of
! Fourth and Howard streets on the
evening of March 161 He died in the
j hospital on the 17th, and his death
: was reported to the Coroner as hav
' ing been caused by pneumonia. The
'¦ autopsy showed that a fracture of the
' skull had been the cause of death.
'J l.c-rc is a fa«r prospoct that enter
prUins and wealthy citizens of San
Frandfcco «ill toiitributo $250000 for
;i:i ;)tj'jHri'jin In Golden Oale Park. It
v,; : s represented t.» \.he Park Commis-
Efonen at an executive session held
four creeks apo that the following con
tributiens to the proposed enterprise
h;id hern proffered: Dr. IJarry Tevis
Jir.o.OfiO. Dr. M. Herzsiein 550,000 and
OommlissloneV W. J. Dingee $50,000.
Tbe executive conference, which was
hold at the office of the president of
the hoard, was attended by Commis-
Bioners Dinpee. Uoyd and
Altniann. The strictest Becrecy was
rojoined, as the Commissioners were
told that publicity would surely thwart
the enterprise. The Commissioners in-
Cmded to secure the money proffered
;: ad s^lert the site on the ocean beach,
T'-rsr the Dutch windmill, before mak
ing public announcement of the event.
The. intelligence was too good to keep,
hence some one babbled. A. li. Spreck
els, president <>f the board, and Com-
CalsElaner Reuben H. Uoyd fear that lha
publicity, in this particular case, will
postpone for a l<>ng: time, if not entirely
deffat, the execution of the plans..
It is intimated that the sum of $300,
000 v./»u!d be sufficient tw establish an
aquarium worthy of Golden (Jate Park.
Every effort will be put forward by the
1 ommfssion to raise the money as
speedily as possible. The muniflcence
¦f I»r. Harry Tevis' contribution is
especially gratifyfng to the board.
Dr. Harry L. Tevis dfflined last night
to discuss the matter in any way
whatever.
Commissioners Are Look
ing Toward ;i Location
Xcnr tlie Dutch Windmill
TUESDAY. March 29 — 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
4n qr coup. .108 lCS%>4s qr cpnew. — Io354
4s qr reg...lO7 107")i!3» qr coup.. .100*4 —
MISCELLANEOUS EONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — |Oak T Co- «s.U91i —
Bay CPC r.a.lOOVi — I Do 5s .....111 —
Cal C G 5». — 104U1 Do con 5s.. — 102&
Cal G & K e | Oceanic si ,5«. — ' 75
m & ct 5s. — 88V»|Om Cable 6s. — 124%
Cal-st C 3s.ll«»«117U!Pac G Im 4s. — 9«
C C Wat 5«. — lOOVilP E Ry 5s. 108 105Vi
Ed L& P <js. — — |P & C H tto.104 105
F & C H «a.H4&4 — IP & O R es.118 —
Geary-st 5s.. 45V4 00 Powell-st 6s. — — ¦
K C&S 5^is.lO4 — I Sac EO&R 5« — ICO*;
Do 6s f»!«Vi UK) 1 ,; I S«F & SJV5s.llS%JlSl
Hon R T CS.106V* — I Sierra R Us. — ' 113
L A Elec 5». — 105 iS P of A «s
L A Ry 5«.li;;VilH | (1000) 106<J —
L A L Co Ca — — (1010) — 10S>4
• Do gtd 6j. — - — S P of C to
Do gtd C«.103*i — . (lS)05)Sr A. — 1 05
LAP lcm Ss.lGl** — <10<l3)Sr B.lOoH _
Mkt-st C Cs.llB — <19Ofl) 107V* —
Do lcm 5s. — 115 (1012) 117^113*
MVft MtT3s.lO4 — |SPC 1 eg Bs.115 119
NRR of Cfls.lO0*410S | Do «tmpd..l09 —
Do 5s ....118%119lilS P B It 68.134 —
N P C R Ci.105 — B V Wat 6s.l04«4103
N C Ry 5«, — — Do 4s 2dm. 09>4 —
N C P C R». 99 101*4 Do 4s 3dm. 93 —
N S It R 5s. — 100^1 Stkn O&E«». — 97 >»
O G L&H 53.100 — |UGt B5». - 10t»
O W gtd 5a. — — j |
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 Vj 40 I Pet Costa... — — '
Marln Co... — 62«4!S V Wat Co. 38% S9Vi
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 3«i|S F G 'i E. 60 59*4
Mutual E L. *H »y,,ifUkn O & E. 5 —
Pac L Co.. 55*4 — |U G & E Co. 29 32
TRUSTEES" CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — [
¦. . ., INSURANCE.
Firem"s Fnd.3l2H337HI
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 IL P & A... .152** —
Anglo-Cal ..85 89 Mer Trust.... — 225
Bank'Of Ca!.42» — Ulerch. Ex.... — —
Cal Safe Dp.145 150 |S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — — |
' V SAVINGS BANKS.
G*r S & L.221O — ISav & L So. — ino
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — .430
Mutual Bav.100 — Union T Co.. — —
8 F Say U.625 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 I Presidio — 41
Geary — 80 |
POWDER.
Giant 60*4 61«4|Vlgorit 4*4 4»i
SUGAR. •
Hana P Co. — 50c IKIIauea S C 3 —
Hawaiian C. 50>4 — .Mekaweli C. 21*4 22*.;
Honokaa S C 12M, 13>4!Onomea S C. 24 27«4
Hutch S P C 8% — iPaauhau S C. 13% 14V 4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.142 — fOceanic S Co. 4 4*;
r A \ F C A. »7 100 IPac Aux FA. 5*4 —
Cal Win« A. »l*4 — |Pac C Borx.166 —
MV& MtTra.lOO — |
Mornins Seinion. .
Hoard — ' . ¦»
40 S F Gas <fc Electric 59 50
30 S F Gas Ai. Electric 5» 25
55 S F Gas & Electric 59 00
Street —
25 Contra Costa Water 3S 0©
60SF Gas & Electric 59 50
Afternoon Session.
Board — -,
10 Cal Fruit Canners* Assn 97 CO
. 20 California Wine Association... 91 5U
(50 Hawaiian Ooml & Sugar SO SO
140 Hutchlnson S P Co « S7«/i
10 Kllauea 8ugar Plantation Co. 3 CO
75HF Ga« & Electric. 59 25
'.'5 S F Uas'& Electric. 9 80 69 00
60S F Gas & Electric. 50 00
Street—
50 Spring Valley Water Co \ 30 00
S1.00O S P of C 6s (1906. Series A).. 103 00
»2.000 Spring Valley 8 per cent 104 75
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
DM. TEVIS IS LIBERAL
Prospect That Prominent
Citizens Will Contribute
$256*000 to Establish One
Liner Arrives From Honolulu With a Full Cargo and
More Than Jwo Hundred Passengers, Among Whom
Are Many Prominent People---Brings 82 Japanese
Dr. Pawlicki Admits He Did
Not Examine the Patient
Till He Was Near Deatli
?— ¦- —
TREATS FOR PNEUMONIA
Finds Fault With System
That Permitted Hugh Spil
laiie to Suffer Alone
plus at the end of the past eisht months was
?- M J,O«J. as compared with $77.S(« #i year ago.
a. decrease of- $47,400. . ¦ ¦ ,
The gross • earnings of the North Shore
Railroad for February show a deereas« of $2.
0€2 74. and net decreased $18,5t«G 8». as com
pared with the previous - year. The road
showed a deficit for the month of |30,e43 4tt
after paying all 6ipenses and fixed charges.
For the two months to February 20 the deficit
amounted to $54,8*2 11. or ? t-'.t'.";! 64 more than
last year.
The Lope* Canyon Oil Company has levied
an assessment of 2^c. delinquent April 14.
Continued From Page Twelve.
JURY CENSURES
HOSPITAL RULE
CLEAR SKIES AND SOUTHERLY WINDS
FAVOR ALAMEDA THROUGHOUT PASSAGE
COMMERCIAL NEWS
BIG AQUARIUM
FOR THE PARK
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, WEDNESDAY; " MARCH 30, 1904:
13THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY.- MARCH 30, 1904:
14
nUSIXESS CHANCES— Continued.
A. CAMERON^ CO Phone South 1050.
:> Eddy et., Vic. Market anJ Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chance*.
Oyster and chop houses $330 to $1000
Candy and Icecream, parlor*. .. .$200 to J250O
Barber ehop $>">00 to $2500
Cigar stands $:*.V> to J2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,0Ou
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $6000
Delicatessen stores $25<t to $4500
Wcod and coal yards.. 1 ..$250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASP opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine lo-a tion .for drug store; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $G0;
business already established: with 6 rooms
and bath in rear; elegantly furnished
throughout: rverything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality; price $1800.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. "
FOR sale or trade— Quartz mines: fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $10 to S70 ton: trade
for r'ng-houso or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR Rale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making ow candies; established 8
years: cleso°s over $200 per month: will In-
voice about $9» CAMERON. .1 Eddy st.
FOR safe— One of th» best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipt* $75 to $100 day; will
bear Investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; well
located: clearing $300 per month: first-class
proposition; will stand strict Investigation;
price $8000, CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy Bt.
FOR Rale — Ladles' furnishing and fancy good*
business: cheap- rent; well located; estab-
lished 12 yeara; will Invoice $8000; slcknes*.
, CAMERON & CO. ¦
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
X^cTM^ROlT&'ca Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and ;
all kinds of business chances.
. 10R rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished; up-to-date rooming-hoiis"; hns fine
bar; can be run in ronjunctlon If desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of house: other business Inter-
ests demand immediate departure.
126 rooms; r»nt only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; «"l»ctrlc elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100. /
¦20 rooms; cheap rent; close In; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
SO rooms; rent only $150: oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close in; fine money-maker.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished: 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting: grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $C00 per month; obliged to leave
city.
. II rooms; rent $40; close In; oak, cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 caeh. balance time; snap; $700.
46 rooms: rent only $65; well located hotel
south of Market: fine bar; well stocked: brick
building; electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2300;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
S-room upper flat; corner: all sunny room*;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes In $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms; corner; reiit only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price J1C00.
50 rooms; new; modern apartment-house: 10-
yer»r 'ease: cheap rent: clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern'bulldlng; In
one of the best cities in Southern California;
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up to date; 9-year lease; rent only $200; clear- '
Ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 i-oome; well furnished: first-class tran-
sient houte; 2 blocks off Market; 0-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
31 rooms; rervt $110; all light rooms; clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $800
to get in; must leave city at once; price $l,"00.
128 rooms: cheaD rent; long lease; flrst-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $000 per month; must
sell on acccunt of other business; only with us.
9-room. new. modern fiat: 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness
M) rooms: el?gantly furnished: fine location;
close in; new and modern throughout; full and
clearing S2G0 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on it asked; chance of a lifetime. ... ;• ¦ :
£K> rooms: oart offices; elegant new building
and furniture: high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition In city; called
East.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
n!«she<!; oak and mahogany; Hne proposition;
good tease.
17 rooms; rent only $70; oak furniture; Ax-
minster carpets; One location; clears $80: fine
ouy.
S rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$150. .
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 oer month: 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year. J>
18 rooms: rent $85: well furnished; all new;
$fi0O down, balance l',£ per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
25 rooms; rent only $60; north Market; all
full; clears $100 per month; price $1800; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
106 rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
family hotel In city; all full and clearing $400
to $600 per month: books open for Inspection;
obliged to leave city.
"-room flat; rent' $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms: rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings:
clearing $000 per month; every room full; will
etand the strictest Investigation; location un-
surpassed. • \
190 rooms: new and elegantly appointed
apartment-house; swell location; long lease;
cheap rent; part cash, balance made out of
house without Interest.
10 rooms; Ellis; newly furnished; rent $40;
apartments ; $200 down, balance $20 per month,
no Interest; must be sold on account other
business; price $725.
MITCHELL & CO '.....Phone Jessie 20SI
1206 Market st., OPDoelte Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40: sell or exchange; price $650.
65 rms.; downtown house; steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
20 rms.; choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well-appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must sell: make offer.
MITCHELL A CO.. 1208 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, rent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~~ ~
FOR rent— Nicely furnished cottage! 8 rooms'
call for key at 14 Geary st. DR. J j Mc-
KANNA. - . ¦
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co 41S
Montgomery rooms 0-10: tel. Main 5580.°
CREDIT . CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS~Ca ~~ ~~~"
. SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole < family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st. - -,¦•¦..
CI.OT— IITQ BEHOVATTNQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring, and
dyeing. Bon Marchc. 40 Ellis et.. room 14;
phone Druxnm 44. Call for and deliver free!
• OTTKES BUPTUKE.
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market st.; $100; rupture
cur* for $10; circular explain*; send for one.'
AFTER 3 years of personal experimenting, r on
November 15..1U03, the solution of the ¦ prob-
lem has been solved of . how., to cure ¦ 75 : per
cent ' of rupture*; • from '¦ the '• best •; authority
¦ les« than 10 per cent has been cured by tno
ordinary truss in the past 100 years.
THE CALL
jchs 3>. SPaaEC—EES. Proprietor.
TFsfi ssTcrniKiatitKlo lOHI-gcgAUGHT.Kajgcr
\V. J. MARTIX Business Manager
""telephone.
A*k for THE CALL. -Th- Operator "Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market nnd Third. 5. P.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Steveascn Et.
Delt~r*4 by Carriers 29* Qts. "Pt Week. 75
Ct*. l'e-«Mo:0h. S'f.rie Copies 5 Cents.
-Vrrrs by .Mall. tadSiUnc Pcatnce iCash \% :.n
Or«Ser»: ''
;>AII/r CAM, fSneiud. Sunday). 1 >ear...$S."0
DAILY «:Ar,L <:r.ciu(! Fu:'.fii.y». * moe 4.™
J»A!I-Y CAr.W--By Single Slor.th •••«
EWCPAY CAIX i Year.,. -¦£}
n—EK I/rCA LL. I Teur • • • • • * °°
1 r>aiiy...$S.M» Per 1 ear F.xtra
_»_StGN j iar&y 4 in Per Year Wra
POSTAGE." \wSriy: 10b Per Year Extra
ALL roSTyASTK-RS >BE" AUTHORIZED
'. -TO -P.ECraVB. SUBSCRIPTIONS.
enir.pje Copies rrin be forwarded when re-
'. . • Que«te«*.
Hall atbBcr.'ber* :n. ordering charge °\*&;
<--.*» kbr-JlcJ. be particular' to give both
AND OLI> ADDRESS In order to Insure a
rrocipt And correct comtriiance with the.r re-
cueai. '
: OAIU4/UCD OFFICE:
Ulf Brf«4!ray Telephone Main 1083
. ' BERKELEY" OFFICE: '
*3 4S Center Street..." Telephone North 77
¦ WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
fAMlTL XV. WALL .•..Hotel Bfcrton
NEW TORIC NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Artoria Hotejj A. Brentano. 31
fr.lcn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue o Hot«l .end Uotrman.^lou&«.
.CHICAGO* NEWS fTA?n3S:
Fhe~ian House; P. O. N*ws Co.: Great
Xorthwm Ifc-tel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hctrt ; . Talrcer House.
CfRQAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C c GEOR«r KROGNEFS,.M«Kiuette Building
MlArr IM^ance Teler>hose."Central 2C19-")
Kesv ,york representative.
STEPHEN "B. SMITH.... 30 Tribune Building
JCEW'TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. c C. CARLTON - Herald Square
BtfSIKCSS "OFFICE cf the Fan Francisco
Call. o«rner Market and TMrd streets; open
until 12 -o'clock ev*ry ftipht In the year.
* BRANCH OFFICES:
JCtf*. M&rket etreet. opposite Fifth: open until
11 p. m-'
f27 '. Montgomery street, cwner Clay; open
tir.iU 9:Z0 p m. .
SOO »•*>» ttreet; open until 9:30 p. ra.
*5!» %lcA!H?Vr street; open until ,.9:80 p. m.
*-'¦!."¦ Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. a.
1M1 . Mu^icn etreet; open until 10 p. m.
E2«*l Mark*}, fie*.!, corner 'Sixteenth; ¦- open
until 3 p.- m.
J0»> Eleventh street; open cntll 9 p. m.
109C Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
NnrtJ-.'sst corner Church «nd Duncan *tre«t*:
epen uj;Til' 9 p. m.
Nonhweit corner. of Twenty-second and Ken-
- tucky street*: open until 9 p.' m.
r?«'<»' Kilitsore etreet; open until 9 p. tn.
MEETING .NOTICES.
CtrOCKETT. L^c* No. 139. F. and »*
A v M.— Third .lrgree THIS (WED- W
NESD AD. EVENING at 7 :S0 o'clock. /V\
< "Hy ¦ or Jer vf the W. M..
. It. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
EXOEL6XDR Lodge No. 166. F. and ®
' J.' W.-S«f nd d<»Rr«*e THIS iWED- YY
XCSDAYt KVENING «rt 7:30 o'clock. /VN
II J. OWEN, Secretary.
MISSION' Lodge No. 163. F. and A. M. m
•--failed nifetinK THIS (WEDNES- *U\r
IHATI EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
Third *-gree\
• • - . R. K. ALLAN, Secretary-
Kl.\«f~liOJ-6xiON"H "Lodge No. 2<V>. F. m
JBi'ji A. M. — The officers and members
?n r^jUPMed to attend the funeral /S/\
,«.f-our deceased brotbor. CHARLES
'i. THOMAS, late a member of Lynch I>-idce
No. '1«;,» Frederick. Md.. Tills? DAY (WED-
• 's KSI>A,y) st 2 o'cl'x-V from the Masonic
• Temple. c Funeral oommittees from the
*oiiL.u* city lodges rl^-ase tak* 1 notice.
* . PAfUtT IUEHR, Secretary-
TH iC p»willve committee. Recep- -jjKSK"**-
.- <¦ V I. "• O. F.. w]ii.:-^sSAfcii-X
¦ i at Odd Fellows' building. : J>l3SSs2*
M.in I. WEDNESDAY. March '-vfWfS^
3C, at S n'ckvk P. m.
WILLIAM II. BARNES. Secretary.
K.«nNSW«tKTH Lodsr No. 05. I.
• ¦ •' F. i:i~-TM-i ..f rif Ifsat-s -' V^JEfSTs.
-.. :-:,».! Lode*. THIS i\Vi:ii- --*5?S*>'£-
NESJt>AY) NIGHT. March SO. ' 5 »»Wrrs~
.- .Mt;irbers are #-arn«--tly reouested to be prea-
CM. .1. S. BUfCLAIR, Noble Grand.
43- A.. BUItMAN. Recording Secretary.
MORSE I^xfge No. I. O. O. F. .•fJXZ&k,
•:.'-.¦;:, it nrt>r»-wntatives '¦"'^"Jj^Sftr'i.
Cran.1 Lodjre Till? EVEN-^?*mSSJ
t?iG. Murrlt V.«. A full attend- "*«8lS^
».t>.-r of 'members renu^Eted. Visitors cor-
1 <i:sil»;- invited. K. H. SCOTT. N. G..
'•'. BRiND. Recording Secretary.
NOTICE cf stockholders' meeting of the Un'.ted
<\n;$e Oil Company (a corporation) — A jstock-
rioliers' meeting will be held at the com-
l«*r.v's office, room 4 IS Parrott building. San
Krancisco, Cai.. on WEDNESDAY. April 13.
'^{M. at 12 o'clock noon, for the purpose of
« <?'»f-tirK: a board of directors to serve for the
VrjMi'.risr year and for the transaction of such
«.th<y bOKiness as may be properly Drought
before the above meeting. "N
L. WOODBURT SecreUry.
AGEXTS WAXTED.
y.'.N and Tomcti agent? can make from J3 to
*¦» r<r day lor the small investment of
SI .SO: raxtjes outside of -city send 15c for
Atoms' Employment Bureau, SG
, Oeary *t.. room 24.
ADVERTISEMENT WglTllfO.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
• «.f- |eropcrty three f 40 scholarships in the best
1 " Ccll^se <¦' AdvrtisinK In the United State*.
I will r*U them at 25 per cent discount for
ts-sh: tb» college teaches advertising writ-
:• c by correrpindence and assists its grad-
oates to eerurc positions; catalogues fur-
nithed on «|ip11r.itI<Ti. Address box 3026. Call.
XE V S-AT-LA W.
A PRIVATE. quVk divorce for a email fee.
t-t-r tt-* and rave money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
T:*Ubli£hed 22 Vrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & U, 1st fl.
3122 Market ft., between Mason and Taylor.
__ict free all matter*. Detective* employed.
R. W. KIVG. AHorm-y-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
.'«tl» floor. -entrance room «11; established 20
-year*: all cajtes, general court and office prac-
ti'<-: no fee in advance or for consultation;
e\.en'o»gs by appointment. Tel. Red. 3061.
DIVORCK J12: <jui<k: quiet; advice free. Law
mid Coli-H-tion office. 1«23 Market St.. room
2. let. rith and 7th; office hours 11 to 4:30.
DXVOCCB Jaw a i-rxrialty; no publicity; advice
T»: .< O5t> »12. Address B.A.P.. P.O.'box 2!9».
DIVORCE— Costs! (12; quick, quiet; advice
free; cyn evening.. 927 Market au. rm. 301.
I.. P. CLARK. U27 Market St.; consultation
?«*: no fees in advance: open evenings.
A WIXK'S news for 5 c«*j*s— The Weekly Call
1'i '>PCff. in nrar.per. for mailing, tt per year!
Al"H.«oniLHS *
AUTOMOBILE wanted; state make! moirve
newer, etc. Box 4470. Call office.
V.' ANTED— >n automobile of late pattern and
la first-c'.ars order. Box 4.'94, Call office.
nCSIXESS CHAXCES. •-
A— OTfc'Ti^Tt and crier* house: 14 tables: pri-
vate roonrs. connected on 2d floor; elegant
••nrjrain: pflilnc »K:><in»-sf ; must be sold: good
l<*-alu>: rstalnislirid 20 yeara. H. DOVLE
J<C3 Market rt., above Sixth.
KINK candy ftcre and factory: 3 rooms and
Itrse >«iirt: thl>; l« * snap If sold at once-
Hii.-e M.T00. H. DOYLE. 1023 Market et '
I*-:. Sixt:i B!id Sever.tr>. ''
HOTMI.. bar and <iat:c«» liall.Ocotmected In
tbc city limit*; r rice $.'.00: rare chance: mu«t
_ eold. IL DOVLE. J023 Market «t.
fjfui nrVU half interest in established of-
flcv arj.l <-omnii>sion business clearing to
each *12- monthly: experience not required-
mufi rlvo reference-*: hona-fide offer. Par-
ticulars nt 10»(7 I j Market Bt.. room 1.
GROCERY store In a money town, 64 miles
from £an I-'iancIsc-o; Muck and fixtures at
tott. Particulars. E. E. WHALEY, 14 and
!C Si .ear et.
Q*AVTKO — A partner with eomc cash In a
¦.rill c>t»Mishwl, permanent, paying business.
•ait!: a Held for greater development. Ad-
Artisa box 4207, Call office.
WANTED— A man to give hi* time and a
?malt nmcunt r>t cash for a half Interest In a
toiKlncer that is paying a good profit. Box
_4342. iM\l office.
tin© PER. month for $350 and service*. Powers
Taint Co.. 1831 Market et.
_JE^L^intIENT WAATED-— IttAXE.
AX experienced lawyer, bookkeeper, corre-
spondent, business manager, etc., will ac-
cept position on small salary with corpora-
tion. Box 4003. Call.
PLUMBER (licensed) first-class, wants work
by the day or week from property cwner;
has all necessary shop tools. Box 4166, CalL
EARBER wants position in or near city with
option of buying shop; city reference; sober,
steady, married. Box 4135. Call.
YOUNG man wishes light work on ranch In
mountains for board and small salary. Box
4147. Call.
JAPANESE — Honest boy, wants work in dental
laboratory, city or Oakland: have 3 years'
/ experience: small wages. HENRY. 1C83
Seventh at.. Oakland. Cal.
JAPANESE couple want " position, cook a_d
general housework. . Address FTJJII. US
Eddy at.
A JAPANESE boy wishes position a* porter,
work in etore or elevator boy. Address
NATAGAMO. 44S Natoma »t.
A JAPANESE, many years* experience, as
stepwasher. dishwasher, housecleanlng. etc
Address T. HARA. 121 Halght st.
A JAPANESE boy wants si position at house-
work In hotel or lodging-house. Apply T.
KAN. 3B0 Jessie st.
YOUNO Japanese - wants position a* cook;
wages $7 up a week. Call ED KAN. 230
Kills st.
GOOD Japanese boy wants position as school-
boy; Speaks English well. CONDO, 1329 Pine.
JAPANESE— Good waiter, neat and faithful.
wants situation. D. A., 6 Central place.
FEATHER RENOVATING.
BT new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.; teL Howard 3187.
__ ; FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT, v "~
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department: over 100»
in Dumber; a combined Hat from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; eervice free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET 8T..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Imxnena* list;
service absolutely free; take advantage ot
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-253 Geary
St., on the square.
NO. 3629— A modern flat of 7 large, sunny
rooms and bath, with the latest Improve-
ments: in the warm belt of the Mission; on
Twenty-fifth et., between San Jese ave. and
Guerrero st.
$25-NEW first flat, 7 large rooms; also up-
per flat, 7 rooms; «un in every room. 1445
Broderick st.. near Poat; flats open.
$25 — NEW first flat, 7 large rooms: also up-
per flat. 7 rooms; sun In every room. 1445
Broderlck et.. near Post?, flats open.
$27 60 — To let. fine sunny cor. flat; 7 rooms
and bath; northeast cor. Twenty -sixth and
Castro sts.
FLAT of three rooms; rent $12. Inquire 225
Fulton st.
TJJRK, 1218 — Sunny lower flat; 3 roome: wtn-
dows all around; $12 month ; yard.
VALLEJO. 1243 — Lower 6 rooms and bath;
rent leasonable.
BROADWAY, 1263. near Hyde— Neat sunny flat
. of 4 large rooms, $16; 3-room flat. $11.
FILLMORE, 1124— Flat 7 Urge, light, sunny
rcoma. bath; rent reasonable; modern.
GRAND view at Calif., cor. Lyon: new modern
sunny furn. or unfurn. bath and laundry.
GROVE, 7SS— Lower modern flat; »lx room*;
bath; adults; newly tinted.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— 4-room flat; gas-
bath: rent $1& /
MODERN flat. 6 rooms, bath; new; must be
• seen to be appreciated. 327 Bartlett st.
SOMETHING new; 4 rooms; *ee It to-day. 957
Hayes St.; water, garbage. Janitor free.
SUNNY cor. flat; modern; 6 rma. bath; rent
$35. Cor. McAJ lister and Broderlck «tai
FLATS TO LET FiritM.SUBD.
EDDY, 156 — Elegantly furnished flat for sale
¦ at a bargain on account cf sickness.
HYDE. 727— Newly furnished flat of 6 rooms;
• walking distance; call 2 to 4.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
EDDY. 4.12 — Elegantly furnished flat of seven
rooms, for sale; modern; new furniture; new
carpets; everything new; must sell; cost $900
2 months ago; price $650; terms.v-r «
COZY flat. 3 rooms; completely furnished; rent
$16 50. Call 11 to 12:30. 123 Leavenworth st.
FIVE-ROOM flat, nearly new. Call 1 to 4,
30 Krle «t.
FOR sale or exchange — Flat. 7 rooms and bath;
rent $20: price $275. 1389 Valencia rt.
A SACRIFICE: flat of 8 room* und bath; all
new furnishings; fine location. 753 Eddy st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stovea and
household goods of every description; flat*
bought. Mission Auc.House,429-439 Valencia.
FIVE-ROOM flat, nearly new. Call 1 to 4,
30 Erie st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44«2.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H
BURP. »uctloneer.!818 Mkt. ;tel.Howard 2756.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Tray girl for hospital. $30; 6 sec-
ond girls, $25 and $30: English nurse, 930;
2 nurses, $20; 4 waiters for city and coun-
try. $25; cook, no wash, $35. country: 4
cooks, plain wash, $30; laundress, $30. We
want a number of girls for housework for
both city and country at good wages, $25
and $30. J. F. CBOSETT A CO.. 334 Sutter.
WANTED — 3 good women solicitors. Agents'
Employment Bureau. 20 Geary St.. room 24.
A — WANTED — Girts to learn lialrdreasing,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 week*: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; position* guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary at... room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery* now for spring sea-
son: both eeasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15: positions as trimmers.
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
; A — LADIES to learn all branches bairdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve. ciaas; call.
FOR St. Louis World's Fair. 50- ladles, work
mammoth palmistry studio; $20 weekly; no
experience necessary; Illus, palmistry book
with Instructions; 2 stamps. Frof. Frederick,
213 W. 125th St.. New York. Fair Depu. 132.
WANTED — Alteration hands on suits and
skirts. Call at STRAUSS A FROHMAN'S,
107 Post »t.
WANTED — Makers and apprentices in milli-
nery department: good wages. PRAGER'S,
Market and Jor.es sts.
WANTED — Experienced jacket and skirt al-
teration hand. Apply between 9 and 11 a.
m. »t HALE BROS'. ¦
EXPERIENCED salesladies wanted for vari-
ous departments. Apply Superintendent's of-
fice. The, Emporium.
WANTED^ — First-class finishers, on custom
coats. 809 Mission st. : take elevator.
YOUNG girl: tend baby and light housework:
small family. Apply 2S57 Sixteenth st. t
PANTS finisher wanted; first-class only. 66
Tenama st.
"WANTED— A tailoress for general tailoring.
408«a Larkin st. .
DRESSMAKER first-class help wanted at 204
¦ Sutter st.. top floor. „
BAG operators. Ill Clay at.
A GOOD woman wanted to take care of child
s '2 years old: state age. experience and salary
expected. Apply box 4194. Call office.. .
WANTED— Pants finishers. Apply S. N. WOOD
A CO.. 27 Geary st. • .
WANTED — Operators on ladles' wrappers.
MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market *t.
WAITRESS wanted. 1181 Market »U
GIRL for general housework and assist In
bakery. . -1794 Halght st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 8 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDI^U^ HILlLrY4«~M7rkVCnrEleTenth
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, $5; foil set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1841 Polk St.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings. 25c
DRESSMAKERS AKU SEAMSTOESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knife- plaiting; double
stamps on dre« linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School-
Pattern* cut to measure; eve. class. 1018 Mkt.
STYLISH skirts Jl; paper hate to order $1;
children's clothes a specialty. 614 Minna St.
_ EDUCATIONAL.
AT home In our new quarter*, the. largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study In the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
Instruction-. 75-page catalogue on requeet.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE, 901-
025 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.: established 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; just added 23
new typewriters; catalcgue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE^ 24 POST. S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good pos.tlon; Gregg
shorthand, Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 18ft4. Van
der Nalllen School.- 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Fat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster"*
School of Dancing, 155« Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh -Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' hid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc.: day eve. ; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnee&Electrldty. 24 Post
St.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
bet. Pine and California: classes now open.
SHORTHAND taught by mail. CHARLES F.
WHITTON, official reporter, 437 Hawthorno
ave.. Oakland.
SPANISH— A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. 5.30 California, r.4.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club $1 per mo. 828 Halght at.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTOy'S, 424 Pine st.— Xlght class.
PIANO lessons, 25e half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH.French.etc. Prof.DeFilippe'sAeademy
of language. 320 Post:estab'ulS71:ablest profs.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE^ AbKI.~^~P^Tr;^ri$usn'l35^
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau.
C04 Kearny St.. room 3; phone Black 4453.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
' Leon Seung's. 411^ O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
FRITZ'S Em p. Office; Japanese and Chinese
'help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5158.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 ysars.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPI.O VM EXT \VAj\TKI> KK.UALH.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
day: washing, ironing and housecleaning; .SI
per day and carfare. Address Laundress,
1906A Mission St.. Wed.. Thurs. & Friday.
A YOUNG North German girl wishes a sit-
- uation as a nursery governess. Address 031
York et.
SWEDISH girl wants place to do general
housework and plain cooking: wages $25 to
$oO. 28t> Lexington ave.. near Twentieth st.
REFINED woman would assist lady in her
home; take entire charge of infant. 1008
Market St., box 39.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to take care of chil-
dren and to assist in housework. 1008 Mar-
ket st.. box 38. , -
SWEDISH girl wishes situation as chamber-
mald in private family. Apply 1112 York st.
A FINLANDER girl desires* position as a plain
cook or at housework. Call at 220 Clara st.
DRESSMAKER, designer, cutter and fitter;
¦ street suits made at your home; only first-
class work done; few more engagements per
day. MISS BARSS. Sherman House. 2S 8th st.
YOUNG lady 8tenocrapher v with knowledge of
bookkeeping, desires a position as office as-
sUtant. Box 4188. Call office. \ f
A RELIABLE laundress would like 3 days'
work a week; can give best reference. Please
call 1050 Howard st.
YOUNG lady would like to do upstairs work
in a private family or boarding-house; city
or Oakland. Call at 762 Folsom »t.
WANTED — Housework by- woman with daugh-
ter who can assist for her board; will work
reasonable. Call 1163 Market at.
PROFESSIONAL nurse, speaking French, will
care for ¦ invalid or attend doctor'* office;
¦ will travel. MISS B. P.. 1259 O'Farrell st.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes position as
chambermaid. Apply to 1189 Market st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st*.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken' for Th*
. Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
EMPLOYMENT WASTEP—iMALE.
WANTED— By a thoroughly skilled and scien-
tific .masseuse, graduate In "Dr. S. Weir
Mitchell's Method," position In sanatorium
or as nurse and, masseuse to an Invalid:
one unexcelled in sprains, fractures and
dislocations. Bex 4204. Call.
MAN and wife wish Dosittons as cook and
butler: ¦ private family; will be disengaged
April 1; family . going to Europe. J. ¦ PAT-
RICK. 19 B st. San Rafael.
CAPABLE, steady man; care for horses.
rigs, garden: milk: general work; good man
"* about private place: moderate wages: good
references. Box 4196. Call office.
WANTED — By a first-class barkeeper, a posl-
I tlon tn a first-class country hotel or springs:
employed at present; would like a change:
best of references. Box 4206, Call.
WANTED — Position as stenographer and type-
writer: references furnished. Address ¦ box
4075, Call office. . .
BOOKKEEPER, young man, some experience,
wants a position; city or country; good
worker; furnish reference. ' Box 4076. Call.
WANTED— Position as hotel clerk, by young
man of experience; thoroughly capable and
reliable; reference. Box 4205. Call.
AN educated and accomplished . young gentle-
man desires a situation as companion and
secretary to an elderly gentleman. Box 4073.
Call office. - .
POSITION wanted — Young, reliable Danish
man (speaks English) would like work of any
kind. Apply at Sorensen's jewelry store. 103
'' Blxth at. .
SITUATION^- wanted . as assistant bookkeeper:
wages no object. Apply at Sorensen's jewelry
store. 103 Sixth st. ¦;' ¦
TAILOR— Practical ladies" tailor, with knowl-
edge of cutting and fitting, wishes a posi-
tion: city or country. Box 4192, Call office.
ELECTRICIAN." thoroughly ¦' competent -. wlre-
rnan, . switchboard and construction work all
V. kinds, will go In country. Box 4195. Call.
A 'WILLING young man , wishes to learn
plumbing; wages no' object to start. Box
4186. Call . office. .
YOUNG ¦ man. Lick student, desire* evening
:-i or • Saturday '¦ employment. ' Box 4128, Call.
BOY . 19. . strong and reliable wishes work. of
any kind. Address box 4044 Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
A— $;^!00 — CORNER saloon: close to Call bldg,
II years' lease; net rent S120; this is one oi
the best Ealoon locations A> this city, and
a live man can clear $5oa-per month. Call
B. G. "WILKE. 2«>>i Kearny st.
A— $S0O— ROADHOUSU, with dance hall, club
' and living; rooms: r«-nt $40: electric light in-
cluded: X> years' Ieate. Call R. G. WILKE,
2«'i Kcarny tt^
A— $1000; s» A LOON and liquor store on Sixth
et.; rent *r.O; business O K. but owner is en-
jjaged in other business; must sell at once.
It. ti. W1LKH, I'U'.s ICearny st.
A— $IT.0O; COFFKB, tea and crockery store; one
of the leading buiint-tses cf this kind and in
choicest location in this city; rent $65; all
cash trace: stock will invoice $4000; a very
rare chase*. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26H
l\C.illl> ft. ' ¦
A— $1^00— WJiXKB cigar ctand on Kearny;
rent $S3; lease; a cood business; come and
ln\ estimate. U. G. WILKE. 2«'a Kearny st.
Al BLOCK oi land. 300x:;<Jt>. in San L*andro
with bqus* of 4 rejoins; income $400 per
year Iroin fruit; will exchance for dairy
' ranch. Call R. <:. WILKB. 2«>-i Kearny st.
A— (2VCO — SALOON in wholesale district; rent
$W); place many years and good
paylfcC Call K. <J. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— Jl0<*>— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin
ft., doing a fine .-a«li business; value In
¦ eight; fresh £t«ck; no heUer location in this
city. See It. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
A — $2000 — COFFEE ealocn and restaurant on
water: ront, close t' Market St.; place estab-
ll«hed years and well payirs; daily receipts
ebout $60. Call IX. G. WILKB. 26^ Kearny.
A— $1100— SALOON, with *3 rooms; close to
Kcarny jnd Hush st?; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $ - JCK) per month: nice fixture*,
choicest stock of liquors. All . particulars of
R. G. W1LKK. 2G>4 Kearny st.' ¦
A— $110O— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
ctore; rer.t $40, daily receipts $15; plao*
cU* ring about $175 per month. "R. G.
WILKE, 20 V* Koarny st.
A— $1750— CORNER grocery and bar on
O'Karrell st. : tlace kept by present owners
S years and dr.ing a good paying cash busi-
nfsf.: fresh stock: value in Eicht. R. G.
WILKE, 2<5Vi Kearny tt.
A— $C. r i0- CORNER bakery, with 4 living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of Market St.;
will be sacrificed, if fold at once; owners to'
leave city. Call R. <». WILKE. 20>4 Kearny.
A— $UC0O -COilNEIl FHloon with 5 years' lease;
clofe to Flood building; this is the choicest
location in this city and a first-class paying
buslnesr. S-e R. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny st.
A — $7r>0 — CANDY istore and ice cream parlors,
with stationery, etc., on Devlsadero st. ; 3
living rociw; a splendid location and good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard: on Geary
St.; rent Mi*, lease; ¦'• horses. G wagons; busi-
ness estab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 20Vi Kearny st.
A— $1050: COR. raloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50: lease; a first-class paying place in
choicest location: $150' per month clear guar-
anteed. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery in
choicest location; rent $S0; daily receipts
about $70: a fond business, but sickness of
owner compel* him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny St.
A— $S50; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts.; rent $75; a splendid
location and rare business chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 50x100;
house of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.: price $3000: not all cash required: a
pood business. Call en R. G. WILKE. 26^
I Kearny «t.
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
business opening In Pan Francisco? If so,
we can offer you any numVr requiring an
investment from $KiO to SSO.^KW: every busi-
ness opportunity that pessc? through our
office must stand the closest Investigation.
an-J we can place you in a store, factory,
hotel, mill, office, or. in fact, any business
you may prefer. Kindly call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. SUT7 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION!
Do you desir*> to rnlanro your l>uslne;s or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our bocks s^king good business openings.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— $100 RKWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who invested
any money throuph our cempany.
• JKRMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital Stock. $00,000.
J»27 Market Bt., rooms 321, C22, ."523. 024.
A GOOD OPENING
For R young man who can invest $500 In a
high-class real c&tate office and fill position
of cashier: experience not necessary: invest-
ment secured and $2O weekly guaranteed
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern: 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and rtady for occupancy: large din-
ing room with lt> tables and imiiorted Vienna
chairs: the best carpets mpney can buy
throughout: finest linen: best ailver eervice";
10 years' lease: price. ?10.00O: easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and service secure interest and
office of treasurer In an incorporated realty
and ln\ - c9tmrnt company; $100 monthly as-
«Ured: highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
A— 2 PER CENT~MONTHLY T
On investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
rlch-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. .1 years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market Bt.
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25: will be worth J200 by August, 1904.
GCRMAX1A INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A — TAILORING AND HABERDASHERY.
A first-class tailor or gentleman familiar
with gents' furnltshnig goods can secure a
partnership In one of the leading stores in
San Francisco: abcut toOOO cash required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— BARBER J5HOR '"
For sale. 4-chair ehop; centrally located and
.Rood, established trade; Fickncss of owner
compels sacrifice of immediate sale
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS*
Wanted, man with $4000 cash to take Interest
In stable established 10 5'ears; $200 monthly
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market sti
?723 — SALOON and cigar stand; good location;
stock and fixtures; living rooms. BROOK-
BANK. f>17 Market St.
$875— SALOON. 4th et. location; nice fixtures
and s-tock. BROOKBANK. 917 Market st.
A GENTLEMAN with a general knowledge of
Lutiine&fi has some capital to Invest and
would like to get Into some good business.
Address with full particulars box 4291. Call.
$500 — STOCK, fixtures, licences and leaser ot
hotel and saloon in prospering mining town;
will clear ?12j0 a month. W., Taylor, Shasta
County, Cal.
RESTAURANT and delicatessen store, 3 Hv-
ing rooms; yard: rent $20: lease: clears $150;
cheap if sola by April 15. 2831 Mission st.
A FIRST-CLASS grocery with a good family
trade in Oakland for sale; stock is all new
goods and clean. Address box 4468, Call.
WANTED — To buy a general merchandise
store In some small town in California. Box
4595. Call office.
A STEADY young man with small capital can
obtain interest In a well-paying business at
once. 414 Post. Call bet. 8 and 10 a.--jn.'
FOR sale — Boarding house, established 4 years;
15 rooms; large yard; 20 beds; rent $10;
steady, boarders; chance for Increase; snap
for man and wife. 323 First st.
FOR wale — A grocery store at invoice; on De-
vlsadc-ro- st.. in a good location; low rent.
Box 426G. Call office.
CIGAR Etand In Oakland: goo-1 location for
business; good, clean and fresh stock. Box
44O, Call office.
FANCY grocery store for sale In East Oak-
land; paying: will sell reasonable. Box 4322,
Call office.
FOIl cale — Bakery: large stock and good fix-
tures; low rent and good location. Address
Call office,
A GOOD variety store; low rent; Jiving rooms;
bargain: must go East. 1501 Devlsadero st.
5200— EN ERGETIC and hustling party as part.
ner; office business; $20 week. Box 4197, Ca.il.
SALOON for sale cheap. 1535 Castro st. cor-
./ler Clipper.. . ¦;;,'..
FOR sale-jGrocery store nicely located iii
llayea Vailey. Address box 4292. Call office.
GROCERY without bar for sale In good loca-
tlon near Golden Gate Park. Box 4500, Call;
WANTED — A grocery. and bar; state locality"
etc. Box 45S9, Call office. - '
WANTED— A good cigar stand. Box 4499, Call
office. ¦- •
A JfRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market *t-. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices^
Phone Black 3tJ07, or take elevator to 4th 'floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
HOUSE for rent and furnishings for sale; 24
rooms: near O'Farrell and Stockton sts. ;
first-class condition; some occupied offices.
" . . . . . - M. GRIFFIN.
TO RENT, with privilege of buying, a corner
R-roojn flat comoletely furnished; rent $45.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Exam. bldg.
ASKJUARION QRIFFIN to show you that 24-
room "house near Market st. for $1200, on
easy terms: rent only $80.
SUPERIOR, furnishings In 100-room house.
IN the fashionable quarter, near Nob Hill.
REGULAR income per month $1097.
• RENT and all expenses per month $639.
PROFIT put in the bank each month $455.
Owner sick and ordered to change climate.
MARION GRIFFIN", room 406. Exam. bldg.
$2000 W1LU be accepted as first payment on
the most luxuriously furnished apartment-
house In this city, barring none; rich velvet
carpets: elegant blrdseye maple furniture;
Oriental hangings: grand, sunny corner house
and a lease for 5 years. See
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW building of 30 rooms, full of new, extra
fine furnishings: north of Market; lease If
desired; nearly full; clears $189 per month.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
—15 rooms North of Market
—$?00 : Spot cash
— $80 Income Rent $30
—See M. GRIFFIN.. 406 Examiner bldg.
1. Cut -out this 10-llne ad. '
.2. Would you like a house clearing
8. $275 p«r month over the rent?
4. Would you like a respectable houseT
5. Would you like a business location?
fi - We can show you such a house.
7. A hoiiR«» that we can recommend.
". You need only pay $1750 down.
0. Call nnd get inspection permit.
.10. MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner bldg.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium: readings daily. $1 ; de-
veloplng class Thursday S p. m. 502 Eddy st.
GRAND. materializing seance Wednesday, Ftl-
day evening; 50c. S28 Kills st.
MME. YOUNG'S writing circle to-day, 2 p. m.;
:{ questions answered. 2ftc. 619 McAllister st.
SEER. Egyptian Hindoo occult reader; daily
cir.Wed-.Frl.. Sun.. « p.m.; 10c. 326A-EUU.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
»:30 to 4; seances Sunday and' Thursday.
MRS. LESTER, 122, Taylor; life reader, bus!-
nesB medium; read, daily; cir. to-night, 10c.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
alate- writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
' CLAIRVOYANTS.
THE FUTURE REVEALED, THE PAST DIS-
CLOSED, THE PRESENT ANALYZED
> BY LIVINGSTONE.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarion's treatises that
Is so electrifying the world to-day. HE IS
NO IMITATOR. His work is upon original
lines: PURE THOUGHT, CLEAR VISION.
Ho TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE TO
KXOW. AND WORKS IN THE OPEN
LIGHT. AND IS AS CONSPICUOUS FOR
ITS WONDERFUL OCCULT ANALYSIS AS
IT IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS.
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call dh PROK. LVINGSTONE he will
give ycu a full life reading for $1. A test Is of
little value when the mind is troubled — you
need more substantial aid and advice. This is
Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE gtves you
when you call on him for a first-eluss clair-
voyant reading. He asks you no questions,
but tells you what you wish to know.
He docs not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in jour case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find tbc cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy. . • '
Remember the number — 423 EDDT BT.
Hours, H) a. m. to S p. m.
ROBERT A. KELLER,
THE EMINENT
PALMIST— PSYCHIC— MYSTIC.
Renowned as the greatest adviser upon Busi-
ness. Health. Divorce, Marriage and Personal
Affairs.
'Without asklne a question this wonderfully
gifted man reads your entire life, from In-
fancy to old ace, giving names, dates, facts
and figures.
Prof. Keller's vast experience, years of study
and remarkably developed psychic powers,
make him especially gifted in advising and
aiding otbers. Thousands have been helped
nnd blessed through the mysterious agency
that baffles the ablest and wisest. Prominent
people from all uarts of the world who hav*
been benefited by his advice and assistance
bear grateful testimony to his ability.
If you are in doubt, unhappy, unlucky, dis-
couraged, dissatisfied ¦ or in 111 health, consult
Prof. Keller, the greatest living psychic palm-
ist, and he. will aid you to health, wealth and
happiness. Entire satisfaction guaranteed or
no pay. Fee reduced to $1 for this week.
Dally from 10 a. m; to 8 p. m. Sundays from
1 to 5 p. m. 454 Geary, st.
A GREAT CUT IN* PRICES.
Call at once and save $4.
His former- $5 readings this week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
you consult him.
(You to be full Judge.)
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
' Palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what yoti called for; I prom-
ise to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or false; tell whom and when *'ou
will marry. In fact I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell
youn-elf; I restcre lost affections, reunite the
separated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful in lUe. cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and buried treasures and insure you success
cr charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m.: Sundays. 2 to 6.
326— O'Farrell St.— 326.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et.. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a,
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as- In p;rson; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postof flee.
W ells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A — Miss M.fWIHe, 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
.' what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names Riven: special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on air affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; 25c up. 17 3d. next Exam.
MISS. ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 50c; g. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G.G.av.
MME.RAVENNA.form erly 6 4th at., reads Ufe;
business advice; names given; readings 00c 1
week. Offices 835 Howard, bet. 4th and 5th.
Mre.A.H. Kronenbcrg, palmst. clairvoyant, card'
reader .when others fail try nvegood readings
10c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave. Tel.Larkln 4207.
MISS WARD elves names, dates and facts;
rea.llngs dally: not open Sunday. 017 Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, - re-
moved from 132 to 23 '£ 6th; 1. 25c. g. 50c.
MME. LOVONIA. clairvoyant, palmist— Read-
Ings this week 25c. 468 Jessie St.. nr. Sixth.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26% Kearny. room 20; ladles, 25c: gents. 60c.
MME. I*E FERN, card reader, has removed
from 109 Fifth st. to 118 Ninth St.
MRS. BAUMANN. the ¦ well-known fortune-
teller.la now at 317 Ellis «t.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 448H Jessie st.. bet. Cth and 6th.
CARPET PEATIX O. AND ' CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with your- work
«end for SPAULDING"! Pioneer Carpet-heat-
¦ Ing Works. 855-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison »L; Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKV.IN"S .Superior Carpet-beating . Work*.
333 Golden Gate ave. :. telephone East 126. r
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses raadH over. 1432 Howard ;tel.8outh 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Mam 3M. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props;
RUDOLPH 4b CO., carpet-beating works; price*
, reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.: taL lUuian 2R2..
IU2_P WAXTED FEMALE— Cob. %
LADY vocalist Tor concert orchestra: well-
known attraction: must give beat reference*
social standing; long engagement. Address.
giving phone, box 4203. Call office.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 1638 Buchanan »t.. bet. 0 and 12.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church .its
A BRANCH office ot The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions ha» b«ea
opened at 10G8 Market St.. opposite Fifta.
Open ontll 11 p. m.
HELP WASTED MALE.
il?R^Ay^fen?iAYr^"^ sbTKwTcLAT BT.
PHONE MAIN 5S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
: WK SPEAK
ITALIAN", GERMAN. SPANISH.
OREEK, • FRENCH. SWISS.
. In lOOT. we gave During WH we hcp«
work to tO,0»iO men. to mcrea*« eo.txw>.
FREE FARE. FREE FACE
TO NEVADA STATE:
If you stay four months. THAT'S AL_
.";¦' GOVERNMENT WORK
1^5 teamsters. $2 day.
155 laborers, $2 day.
155 rockmen. drillers, $2 to $3 day.
EIGHT HOURS DAY. IRRIGATION WORK
$1 FEE— THAT'S ALL.
M TO THE MINES.
*5 "J'-c^ne single and double hand*. $S2 50
to $90.
ALL OVER CALIFORNIA.
ARIZONA. CLOSE TO PRECOTT.
910 Miles— $9 10.
655 teamster*, laborer*, driller*, etc.. $2 t*
$3 day.
Don't be stingy with your distance. Get
closer to lards of sunshine. CENTER OS*
GREAT MINES.
ARIZONA. ARIZONA. ARIZONA,
MECHANICAL.
3 machinist*, country Job. $2 50 to $3 60 day.
Placer and sticker harwl Oregon, $3 80 day.
4 tallymen, lumber comyany, boss here. $30.
MILKERS.
29 milkers. aU parts of California. $30. $33,
$40 and found.
•4 butter-maker*. Vf> and found.
12 farm and ranch hands. $25. $26. $30 found.
WOODCHOFPERS.
125 wootlchoppers, all over State.
Postmakers, shake maker*, etc.
VALET
Boss here. $40 and found: first-class refer-
ences; exceptionally good Job.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
12 cooks, different places. $3O to $75 foun<1.
Waiters, dishwashers, bell and elevator boy*.
I-aundrymen. $15. $20. $3f>. $40. $50, $60. $70.
Nurse. Institution. $25' and found.
Man as cook, wife as chambermaid.
Dairyman and wife. Sonoma County.
LOOK
Drug clerk, country. $5O and found.
Sticker hand. lathe and turner.
. Separator tender. '$33 fd; houseman, private*
$20 f d.
MURRAY & READY.
63t» and 636 Clay at.
PORK packer and aausagemaker, country.
$40 found.
LOOK
BLACKSMITH, ranch. 30c fare. $3 50 day.
LOOK
5 steel chlppers $2 50 day
Handy man. alter and repair Iron flask rig-
rings $2 50 d»y
£hln«le Jointer, boss here, lumber company;
shingle packer, boss here, lumber company.
LOOK
Painter, carriage, country shop $3 day
Gardener, private family $30 round
Salesman and canvasser. S per cent and
$1 50 day.
MURRAY A READY.
631 fend 63» Clay st.
LAUNDRYMAN, wife, institution; boss her*
to-day; $03 and found.
MURRAY A READY,
6J1 and 63ft Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 423 Bush St.
Ggrvernment work. State of Nevada.
FEE $1 SPECIAL RATE KARE
Teamsters, laborers, rockmen $2. $2 oO
Ship to-night Boss here.
French or German valet for a gentlemen's
club. $6O: barkeeper, city, $50; second took.
city hotel. $75.
Camp cook, railroad work $«(>
Walter, country restaurant $30
Scraper foreman. $33; 6 scraper teamsteri.
$25, large ranch: milkers, country. $30; farm,
er and milker, Marin County. $30
C. R. HANSEN A CO 42» Bush Su
BL'TTERMAKER, $40 and found; man and
wife, private family. $40 and increase; poul-
tryman and wife. $5O and found: laundry-
man and wife for resort, $73 and found;
solicitor. $1 50 day and commission; stabte-
man for country. $30 and found; carria«<»
blacksmith, $3 50 day; restaurant second
cook. $13; fry cook. $14 week; broiler. *l«i
week; hotel cook, country. $50 and foun<1.
and others. J. F. CROSETT A CO., »K3
Sacramento st.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCT
95 THIRD ST. Telephone Mala 5321.
NEVADA Government Work
Teamsters $2.00
Laborers $2 0O
Fare $7.60 Fee $1.0O
Ditch Work Eight Hours.
HORD A SMITH.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton St.— Teamster
and wife, country. $40; nursery gardener.
$33 and found: waiter for hospital. $23;
French kitchenhand. $23; butler, small fam-
ily. $30 to $33: second cook. $60: waffleman.
hotel, city. $40.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery R. 12.
Night engineer. $45 and board; gardener for
resort, $40.
YOUNO boy as dishwasher: private family:
$20 and found. MIS3 PLUNKETT. 433 Sut-
ter st.. near Powell.
WANTED— For V. 8. army, able-bodied on.
married men. between age* of 21 and 33:
¦ citizens of United States, of good character
and tetnserate habits, who can speak, read
and write English. For Information apply to
Recruiting Officer. Rlalto building. Neir
Montgomery st., San Francisco, or 1028 Sec-
ond st., Sacramento.
WANTED — Experienced house-fumishlng d*.
partment man; must be thoroughly familiar
with all lines of granite, wooden ware a.i.l
tinware: local experience preferred- »tat»
?5i. e c^ r of n flc < e. and -^ "'-»-•' **«
A FREE scholarship In illustrating Journal-
ism, proofreading, advertising, bookkeeping
stenography or electrical engineering given
to first applicants; tuition absolutely fr~-
mention course desired. Correspondence in-
stltute of America, box 240. Scranton. Pa.
A^I ~~Z £
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good position*; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 633 Clay st.
"WANTED— Bookkeeper: one who understand*
store business and will work; state wage*
and references. Carrnel Store and Contract-
ing Co.. Cnrmel. Cal.
EXPERIENCED clothing salesmen wanted for
men's clothing; also salesmen for children*
clothing. Apply superintendent** office. Trie
Emporium.
ORCHESTRA leader, unmarried, for concert
orchestra: well-known attraction; now m
their 16th menth; long engagement tn right
party. Address, giving phone, box 420C. Call.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 925 C.olden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free Information as
to positions. *alarie9. age limit*, etc.; day
or evenings. • ' V .
WANTED — Delivery boy. from 14 to 16 years
HAl'e' BRggP bCtWCen 9 * gd " '• "• at
COATMAKERS and pantsmakern for country.
Apply RHISS BRO3. & CO.. 21 Sutter st.
GERMAN: steady: reference; handy t»nd Mr
wlnehouse: married preferrotl. Box 4207, Call!
BARBER53 — 3 shops for sale, cheap. Ca!l at
217 Fourth st.
BARBER shop for sale, cheap; apply 101
Seventh st. H. BERNARD. '
WANTED— Machinists. mold»rs. blacksmltln
teamster* and woodworkers to stay away
from Stockton: strike. S. F. Labor Council.
WANTED— Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trado In etsht weeks. Western Colleg*
of Barbers. «47 Commercial *t.
TRY our men'* shoes, union made, at $1 and
$150 pair: foot-form shoe* at $2 30- we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.
1 }^ t> .J^T,"— . &alIor * wanted for^ ships!
HALLBERO. 317 Jackson st.
W^ N . T ? U ~ Bootbl * ck «t Arena Barber Shop.
1161 Jefferson st.. Oakland.
FOUR boys to sell Britt-Corbett plcturTsT
Room 11. 4S Fourth *t.
BA . R . B £ RS — 3 - ch> »lr *bod for sale this week!
607 Laguna at.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phetan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard *t. -
YOUNG men. sailor*, blacksmiths. carr<jnt-rs,
green hands, for ships. Herman's. 27 Steuart.
A5VERTISEMENTS. subscriptions receded «»
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan * Cfcurca it*.
YOU WANT^m s TO BE KNOWN TO THOSE KNOWChief Bookkeeper Resigns.
City Treasurer McDougald yester
day accepted the resignation of "Ike"
"Wertheimer, his chief bookkeeper.
Wertheimer resigns to become cashier
to Postmaster Arthur Fisk. his broth
er-in-law. "Wertheimer will be suc
ceeded by James Tomalty, now a dep
uty in the Treasurer's office, but Mc-
Dougald has not as yet selected the
man to succeed Tomalty.
¦ ? ¦ : — -
Swimming at Olympic Club.
A big swimming tournament will
take place at the Olympic Club on
Wednesday evening, April 6. All . the
crack swimmers will be entered and
the event will be a noteworthy, one.
April 14 has been set aside as ladles'
night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 30, 1904,
15
I STUTTERING AXD STAMMERING.
t THE MELBOURNB SCHOOL for the cure oT
stuttering and stammering, corner Van Ness
ave. and Market st.. S. F.. has been estab-
lished in this city for 3 years and shall con-
tinue, for it is founded on true merit and haj
the commendation cf 'reputable physician*
everywhere. it teaches a superior iy«tem
and challenges results. No wholesale class
¦work, but 6 hours' individual teaching daily,
reducing nervous obstruction to speech anJ
leading to thorough control. 'Within reach
"f all. Biisln*"i hours. 1 to 5 p. m.
A.\D SUPPLIES.
AN. exceptionally good Xo. 2 Remington,~Xo7~l
Smith Premier. |23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 30 The
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California' st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars of L. _ M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery s-t.
2D-HAXD typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter. Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
DIVIDE.SD NOTICES. •
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home BuUd-
icg Society. Sth floor. Mutual Savings Ba_k
building, »0S Market St.. opposite Third—
For th« half year ending 31st ot December
1903. a dividend has been declared at tha
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa
capital stock and participating; certificates.
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1004. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notlce^ — Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco. Dividend Xo. 3 of three
dollars per share will be payable at the of-
flee of the corporation. 464 California St.. Saa
Francisco. April 1. 1964. Transfer books will
close March 24. 1904. ,
JOHN D. McKEE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
SAX FRAXCISCO. Cal.. March 29. 1904.—
Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here, and at office of Quartermaster,
San Diego Barracks, Cal.. until 11 a, m..
April 29. 1004. for furnishing wood and coal
for Alcatraz Island. Fort Baker. Benlci^Bar-
racks. Fort Mason. Fort McDoweU, Fort
Miley. Presidio of San Francisco. San Diego
Barracka, Fort Rosecrans. San Francisco,
Depot of Recruits and Casuals. Angtl Island,
and Ord Barracks, Monterey. Cal., and fuel
011 at Fort Baker and Presidio of San Fran.
. risco, Cal., during fiscal year commencing
July 1, 19O4. United States reserves right to
reject or accept any and all bids, or any part
. thereof. Preference (riven to articles of do-
| nest!c production, conditions of quality and
price (including in the price of foreign pro-
, ductions the duty thereon) being; equal, and
• such preference given to articles of American 1
production produced on the Pacific Coast to
extent of consumption reo,utred by the public
service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to quartermaster at San Diego Bar-
racks or to undersigned. WM. S; PATTEN,
Chief Quartermaster.
STEEL Tank, Tower and Pumping Plant. — Of-
fiiy Depot Quartermaster, San Francisco,
Cal., March 7. 1904. — Sealed proposals in
triplicate will be received at this office until
12 o'clock M.. March 31. 1904, for the com-
plete construction of a steel tank, tower and
pumping plant at Fort William McKiniey.
near Manila. P. I. The United States re-
serves the right to accept or reject any or ail
proposals or any part thereof. Specifications
and blank proposals furnished on application.
Plans for tank and tower may be seen at
this office. Envelope containing proposals
should be marked "'Proposal for Tank, Ac,"
and addressed to Major CV A. Devol, Quar-
termaster U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for plumbing supplies — Depot
Quartermaster's Office, No. 36 New Mont-
jconn-ry st., San Francisco, Cal., March 13,
1904. Sealed propcsals. in triplicate, subject
to usual conditions, will be received here
until 12 o'clock m., Thursday, March 31, 1904,
Pacific Standard time, and then opened, for
furnishing pip« and fittings for Fort Mc-
Kiniey, P. I. The United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all bids, or
. any part thereof. Information and blank
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals to be marked
"Proposal No. 202T" and -ddr?ssed , to
MAJQR C. A. DEVOL, Q. M.. U. S. Army.
Depot Quartermaster.
3IARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday as
follows: • ¦
Louie C. Beckwith. K>, 43S5 Twenty-sixth
etreet. and Annie-Gale, 30. 1213 Folsom street.
George ML' Bristow. 26. "IS Leavenworth St..
and Arabella Graham, 21. 718 Leavenworth st.
Robert H. Jones. 21. 1"» Broderick street, and
Belle McLeod, IS. 12STRuss street.
John R. Harry, 21, 23-S4 Green street, and
Emma Molt. 18. 537 Montgomery avenue.
Timothy Laughlin. 27. 91$ Illinois street, and
Xorah • McEUigott, 26. city.
Arthur E. Pollexfen. 27. 414 Castro street,
and Lena Grau, 23, -.1275 O'Farrell etreet.
Vincenzo Lima, 24, 1517 Dupont street, and
Giuseppa Navarre. IS, 58 Manchester street.
George W. Watts, 21. 215 Chestnut street,
and Rope J. Anfibolo. 21.' 503 Greenwich st.
. Calvin L. Williams, 3». Lesslie, S. C. and
He&a J. Seanor, 49, 1114 Goldan Gate ave.
James B. Xakada. 42, 530 Pine street, and
Taye Fakagi. 2t, 020 Sacramento street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per- \
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charee.
MARRIED.
CLARK— TOOLEY— In this city, March 28.
19C4. by the Rev. Rufus E. Nunn. pastor
of Centenary Methodist Church. Leroy Claik
and Miss Logan Tootey. both of this city.
SKINNER — RIDDELL— In this city. March
6. 1904, by the Rev. Hugh N. Gelchrist.
George W. Skinner and Llntine M. Riddell.
__________ .
Bochi, Mary ¦ Matthew. Frank T.
Boyd, Catherine S. McCarthy. Mary A,
Carter, Thomas O. Melcxer, William
Corwin, William F. Mohan. Joseph T.
Dettbarn. - Waldemar Murphy. Daniel F.
Dolan, Michael ¦ Murphy. Hugh S.
Duff. Julia Ann Noble. Harry C.
Dunleavy, Mrs. J. Neumann. Dr. L.
Farley. Capt. Daniel Nottson. Lewis J.
Fishel. Morris Olson. Mrs. Karln
FKeiermuth. P. J.' Soreneen, HuM 1. I.
Goudey, Rufus S. Thomas. Charles G.
. Hi Lee ¦ Theberath. Theo. E.
Hunter, Anna .Ward, William
Hurley, Margaret Weyhe. Frederick W.
Kossman. Anthony Whipple. Ruth E.
Larkin, Margaret J. Wolff. William
Llbare, Antonlna M. ••Wong Sing
Lien, Newman M.
BOCHI— In the City and County Hospital.
. March 29, 1904. Mary Bochi, a native of
Massachusetts, ased 43 years.
BOYD— In this city, March 27, 1904. Catherine
S. Bovd, beloved mother of Mrs. F. S. WU-
kins and Mrs. H. L. Van Wyck. a native
of New York.
IC7"FunexaI services will be held to-day
(Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 2i24 Steiner street. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
CARTER— In this city, March 29. 1904,
¦ Thomas O., beloved husband of Elizabeth
Carter, and father of Mrs. Aurella R. Howe,
a native of Maine, aged 67 years.
[7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the . funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from the chapel
of^ Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 19C9 Mis-
sion street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
Interment fit Antioch on the arrival of the
. 9:30 Santa Fe train.
CORWIX— In Fruitvale. Cal., March 28, 1904.
William Franklin, dearly beloved husband
of the late Sarah Corwin. loving father of
George W. Corwin. and grandfather of
- Harry E. Carwin, a native of Newburgh, In-
diana, ased 77 years 2 months aad 1!) days.
DETTBARN— In this city. March 29. 1904,
Waldemar Carl, dearly beloved and only
child of Otto and Albcrtlna Dettbarn, and
brother 'of the late Elba Dettbarn,* a native
of San Francisco, aged 2 months and 11 days.
DOLAN--In Livermore, Cal., March 29. 1904.
Michael, beloved husband of Catherine Do-
lan, father of James Dolan, Mrs. T. H. Dev-
aney" of Livermore, Mrs. Mary Doolan.
Mrs. E. G. Prosser,' Mrs. D. Carroll of
Oakland. Mrs. P. J. Murray. Mrs. J. F.
Mulqueeney. and grandfather of Catherine
Dolan of Livermore,' a native of County
Leltrirri. Ireland, aged 83 years.
DTuneral from St. Michael's Church at
1 o'clock Thursday, March 31.
DTJFF— In this city, March 29. 1904. Julia Ann
. Adelaide Tucker Duff, beloved wife of John
Duff, a native of Halifax, Nova Scotia, aged
56 years. * .
(CT" Remains at the funeral parlors of the
H. F; - Maass Co.. 917 Mission street.
DUNLEAVY — An anniversary high mass will |
be celebrated for. the repose of the soul of
the late Mrs. Johanna Dunleavy at St. Rose's
.Church Wednesday, morning. March 30. at
9 o'clock. Friends and acquaintances ar«
respectfully invited.
FARLEY— In this city, March 2S. ,1904. Cap-
tain Daniel Edgar Farley, beloved husband
of Martha Farley, and father of D. G. and
May Farley, a native of New York City.
(Brooklyn and New Yqjfc papers please copy.)
C_rFriend« and acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited to attend tht funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 972 Oak ¦ street; Interment I. O.
• O.-F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers. '
FISHEL— In "this city, March 29. 1904, Mor-
• i ris Fishel, a native of Austria, aged- 73
years. - .
FREIERMUTH— In WatsonviUe, Cal., March
A — PACIFIC E_"F_OV3__KT KGZStCT,
ri^;;— MONTGOMERY —•"•-'•
Phone U_ta;il91 — —
ton. ir aii XEVAD *:rivSr»P *h si"
S miser* poia rainc TONOPAH, »4.
Head country hotel. flrrt-eVss house;
waStea-B. hotel, M0 U-: «crub porter, city
hotel *•-' 1 -> waiter*. S'st-cl a»'»- country
houdL free firn PSJ fd-; cock ;ind - heliw
_ua£ r.orth. ?K0 f_: third e«*. hotel. S „
TV! ¦ fcaady rta;i. mnch. •*« bos-s here; j wocd-
<-r^niVr- " __r_«_m Ooottty; •• «n*a burn
rt££55u -:v %A: Boacitorr b-.a^mith.
cfttcp. « i!av: cock, cawp. near city $.-,0
rd ;«rrtat« painter, p » «*£; ** _W"
• , ...---.,-* n R «ork.nosr rtty. fcpecial
hTaVSrea tt NEVADA, O«-___*nt worSt.
all S hours; S farmhands and milk,
pear city, f"0 JSSj
WASTE D Laborers «nd mechanics to know
I hat £d f!e:k:r,. P.-t:o lio^iw prorr'-tcr. h«s
iAC**l I0U new KWX_ l« — — Denver Houw.
:.zi St.; _r.i> raoc— ; Sir to 50e per night
I :- ' HESTER tlatet '.: Tjitrl st., near Mir-
l^..' ~c0 rooms; '¦£'£ night; rearling-rocms:
tree Lj* and bapgase :o «nd from ferry.
NTH cTCoe ot Tfc» Call fnrtlse reception
. ' ijv«.-!-r:s*-n«T!ts sn.I subscriptions ha* been
,.;-» :¦.<¦<! ar IO0G Market st.. opposit* Fifth.
Gi«t! until 11 p. nv >.<: .'^'.-^
ALL r.z-s rr.c.:* Bbaes, ftlcbtly <ia snared, half
Trie. TiCA Hirt'.cTx St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
CTT vcur riwn half-FcleJ while waiting; 25c
to S< . r*— MifcMor. ft., bet. 1st and 2J sts.
HA__S TO LET.
BOTHTOEIX BROWNE'S t Ccsey Corner I&ll
¦a- '. ¦• rested fcr wieet affairs. T.C4 R— ?ei st.
HOaSKS AID WACOXS.
rcGI'LAK euction ealpe cf horses., buggies.
»-.MC<?s"iS anJ Uarr.ess «\ery Monday at 11
. . ¦•• ~k at Clt Eliit St.; all horses guaranteed
to .re as rTrese::tei. S. WATK1XS. Auc-
• -.. -r. rr.en-e iCa.n 743.
riON tale of hors*s every. Wednesday at
|] « r:... C2T Sixth «.. ; every horse must be
u m*_ eu_d ur rncney rerun<Jed. JOHN J.
. •¦ VLn. Auctioneer.
ITS— BAT rr.are: good <!:!ver: also good under
saddle; rant be sold at once. Apply to L
J ViORAN, 2131 ehattuck ave.. opposite
Berkeley station.
PAN KP.ANCISCO- Vstcrinary CoIlege^ — Next
nenjon bcclm June jig Catalogs by applying to
J.-Cgjj_3t_CT. 01O Oolden Gate ave.
ONE S-«e— tod r^cy l-ue;ry, top wagon and busi-
bwygr :or __t cheap. 15<>4 KoUom st.
V A>1— O — A good sound hcrse for a butcher
- r. Box 4275. Call.
T - T EL Haltcn. veterinary surgeon. Ofn<?»
hospital _KW— a R14 F'lson!; tel. Jessie- 16C6.
a: EXPRESS —agon, ligbt camping wagon
'¦'¦i fr0 ' c ± r }J^_** 1 * <^heap. 532 Mission st.
: sffft assortnit 2.1-fcan-» wagons, buckbd. rer-
-•> .harrew. work. driving torsos. 15th-Val»ncia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— f"_XXTED !i;'t rt hai~.es to let: »-«cd for cir-
ular. G. Il.CMIi.~EN' & CO.. 2«> il>ntgomery-
V -ALLIj^TER. 13«r^l — 12 room*, bath and bil-
I aril -room: $60; -ater free: modern.
BEFORE mortals prt cur r-ririted i; s t of houses
•¦¦•¦< KALDWIX & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET KIKXiSHED.
: EGAVTLY *'3mish»'d home en Prtsioio
¦ -his to let ; fcr term ot six month; new
1 ¦ us* of 12 moms, newly furnished; only
1 ¦ ¦ v r+morntiHi parties without small
I : . "H.-A4iir«s box 4193, Call office.
;• iLDEN <5ate av«\, ®Vc>— 0-room house Bacri-
rce; K.-ving city: ihvyytlgatc.
IXIST A.\D FOISD.
¦ ET— _ pacatMck vriih the Hiternia Faring*
md Lamn Boetety of San Francis.\\. in the
. .• of PATRICK PRUNTT, No. 45-470.
n»e lirder will plca«-e mum to bank.
I ET — __By"a enameled watrn. tvi;h gol<J
iha.:n; set with diamonds; $r,o reward. Re-
_ U.ra tc 1S09 California st.
?;<«¦ — RET.'AED tor the return of the dia-
rrond ring taken from th«> bath room. Olyr*-
pte Claa. Eatorday. GEORGE J. PANARIO.
LOST — Vpdaesday evening. Shriner's jewel;
»--r.gra»cd on ba^k; reward. 4*2 Fijah st.
1-' 1ST — f-msV. pursi*, i"cufafninp merer: aricut
l</th «nd Harrison Ft*. : Jih. r»w1. :^l«rij ___,
1^ *T — V frdd pockft knife;* name ensravM;
a-ft.-.n? fitting; liberal reward. 12OI Market.
LOST — V,a<k tad tan d'.-g-: nam» Fido; license
No 4T&7. Retcrn 510 Fourteenth St.; reward.
L^?T- T i«-n gr<-yhnund bitch. Return 517
Munith st.: re-aard. •
MEDICAL.
LALIE.« cesiring safe, sure and quick relief
'¦cm irregtiSarities ccnruU me at once; my
_Dda are always eafe; palnWs and reli-
able; I have no failures; co exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Car— guars.c«*d or no pa>": J" years" «-
I pci'lfUtoa in all female disorders; call or write
delay; corrt-srtondence confldentialJ
L>R WHITE. TC^ Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
A — LADIES, if you are Buffering from irreg-
ularities cr any ailment you will avoid cis-
apijo.r.inicius by consulting me first. My
m^nod of treatment i* positive and harm-
Uf,f anJ I guarantee Immediate r^lipf from
any c»uw cr make no charge?. Advic<» fre«
'.—11 cr v.rit> DK. SYLVESTER. 2ia Kearny.
i!ES. DR. VVIK1U, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities: instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. KKJ Post st.
ilRS. DR. KOHL reliable Fpeelalist fcr all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
Mef guaranteed. 1O.*i^ Market ct.. opp. 5th.
DP.. G. \Y. O DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femal?
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nat« helped; the m<jst 'Uifficuit ca*es treated;
• advice free. Office, 1C18 Market St.
A DESTITUTE women's friend; fr»e secluded
borne danns confinement; also housekeeping
rocfr.t; infant? ad'^ted in good home*.
MRS. DR. FCNKE. 141C Sth Et... AUuneda.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In. obstetrics, female rcrnplaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5: 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and 'during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
I>R. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsoin «_, corner
2<>th: ladies, relief or no f'- $ia
DR. ar.d MRP. DA VIES ar.d HINDOO HERBS;
original method of tr-atment. 1126 Market st.
PR. XG. TOT KEE. 318 Powell st.. opposite
Union equare; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOrS— FOR SALE.
liOILERS. *isgin»s, 2d-hand machinery. MsIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN, 195-137 Fremont st.
rOES YOUIt ROOF LEAK?
Repair it n-ich el&terite; in rolls eaajr to lay:
; ¦ <• ~.i co painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roufs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market et.
2IJ-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rmted end exchanged; eee Sunday papers.
H. 6. WHITE MCHT. CO.. lS0-122.Be— le St.
DESKS and office furniture; $20,000 stock to
be edd before April 15: this stock can be
beupnt in larse or small lota. T. D. Me-
CARTHT CO., 762 Mission. Phone Bush 4ti7.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs. ¦Bith Asbestos Roof Paint; g_ira3te*d
to Btcp all leaks in the one and preserve the
tew. T05 Frost et. ; tel. Main 1428.
A-— FINE Fuits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 CO. Orig-
ta_ Misfit Clcthing Parlars, 2ZZ Kearny st.,
rear Eush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon. •
A— £JUTS, ceils or reat* gear mach Inery. tn-
tinea, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, _53-2_i f r*ar st.
ALTERATION sale— Best 12 50 hata. $1 U>.
Pr;n:la.r Price Hatter. £Z(i Kearny ct.. near
Pint; open to 1) p. m.; Fur«la>-« to necn.
TRT our men's sice* Rt SI and SI 5O pair:
fo^t-fonn ehocs at i'i CO; we pay express
charges. II Sd St.. Exarn. bid. ; catalog free.
S_£ ROLL and up; fine w_tl paper; Mrr.pi-s
Kifcilcfi; iaainting. ti'ntins. t;;p«>rir-g. M. MER-
IGAN. VM2 Webet^r. TeL Jac_son 132L
A FIXE rosewood bockcase. aJso an eld Flemish
«.ak parlur case, for -sale cheai>. £23 Dupont
*t.. x>ear Callforriia.
5 or sal« — Lcire rnnfilr.jr Etnne; c_ rpenters'
and plumberii' tool». , 1<*3 Howard et.
V<-Oli£ ttought: libraries purchased. King'»
Oi<! Bookstore. Cl McAllister Ft.
ET__X 1 lined cafe, 1S00 pounds; $125. RICH-
ARL.SOX EROS.. 1616 Market «.
OXE pair fine . white diamond ear screws; a
Lirsaia; f275. 10 Blxlb st.
BARGAINS in fine <!Iamor.ds and watches;
r*>-y paynest*. GAJIIN. Mi3 Hay-ward bldg.
QAflOtCCE rnglzx-s! bought. »c!d. exchansred.
repaited. Syk«rfc-Cor»on Co., 254 Beale st. •
fAFKS er.-J! raph rfgistTS. a^w rnd eecond-
havA. 1. FHKEMAX. 1C2T) Market rt. •
6'Jj'E good seccad-har.d e*«>3ine *cgtnes. I to
12 _. p.. chcai*. E. B. Heck _ Co.. 122 Mkct. j
I real _E.s;jATn~ci^~^??^^^;'
I EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,' ! •
C3S MARKET STREET
§40,000 — Apartment house, club or hotel site:
¦ 00 feet frontage; between Polk and Van
NesS ave. on a street north of Sutter;
largo holdings of this nature are scarce.
$27,000 — Turk Et.. near Van Ness ave.; 05 feet
frontage, through to rear street.
$23,000 — Bush st.. near Poik; 50x120 feet,
thrcugh to rear Etreet; cheapest piece
in this neighborhood. ,
$20,000 — Nlns new flats that pay $2016 per
. annum; 4-5 rooms, porcelain bath;
modern in every respect; en a corner
near • Dubcce Park.
$20,000— Montgomery -ave. investment; extreme-
ly large area of ground; well situated:
nominal improvements renting for $00
'.-_" j-er month; a most valuable property
for little money.
$19,500 — $21 GO per annum; C brand new flats,
5-6 rooms, porcelain bath each. ; most
unique designs of architecture; key lot,
.'17:(» frontage; located near Park Pan-
handle; every flat rented to an excel-
lent tenant.
$18,000 — Montgomery ave., near K»arnjV*t..
54-foot frontage: Improvements tvro
stores with basement and three flats;
total rents $145 per month. .
$1G,500 — North line of Post St., near Van Ness
. ave., 55xl.">7:<5, with large residence;
could be improved, using present im-
provements to good advantage.
515,000— Corner; 75-foot frontage, on Devlsa-
dera st., close to Ellis;" a bargain.
$14.600 — Turk st.. near Laguna; 3 new modern
flats. 8-9-i) rooms and bath; _ perfect
beauties; rents J160 per month.
$13,250— Steiner-st. flat?, near Geary; 3 swell
and brand new 0-7 rooms each; rents
$113 per month.
$9, OCO— Spruce st.. near Clay; residence, 12
rooms and bath; finished basement;
rented at present at $60 per month.
$6,000— Two elegants fiats, 4-5 rooms and
bath; Fell st.. directly opposite Park
Panhandle: rented permanently.
$5 t 750 — Rents S70S per annum; 6 tenement N
flats south of Market at. ; first-class
steady tenants; pay promptly in ad-
vance; two frontages; a good and safe
Investment.
$3,5C0 — Two Mission flats, 3-4 rooms each,
porcalain bath: rents $40 per month;
$1000 cash balance payable monthly.
$2,000^ — Cottage of 5 rooms, near Taylor and
Green sts.; beautiful marine view.
HQADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
Incomparable "Oceanslde Dist." Lots!
¦ $50O to $1200! Easy Terms!
Your Choice in New Blocks. On Official Grade.
On II st.. Fronting the Park.
Unobstructed View of Park and Ocean.
Has Positively the Best Future in This City
For. Home Sites or Speculation.
Over 300 Lots Sold in a Few Months.
V Many Physicians Among Our Purchasers.
Who Recommend District for "Climatic
Reasons."
Best of Evidence From Hundreds of Owners
Residing There.
All Bargains! gee Them To-day!
* Get Off Cars, Corner H st. and 47th ave.
Oceanside Branch Offices. Corner H st. and
Forty-seventh ave. and Corner K st.
and Forty- ninth ave. Open
Sundays and Holidays. .
$75 to $250 — Near Park. Oceaif and Spreckels
Lake.
Superb View! $5 Monthly.
?15-J to $150— Level Excelsior Homestead Lots.
$5 Monthly.
$120<> to $SSOO — Modern Cottages in Sunset,
Oceanaide. Richmond an«l Excelsior Home-
stead. Easy Terms! ;
Sunset Branch Office on Pth ave., near H st.
SOL GETZ _ SOX. 'Owners and Dealers,
Room 54 (1th floor). Chronicle building.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 63O Market st.
J36OO — 2-story house, store.- 4 rooma; 1at
above. 5 rooms and bath; stable;
$2250—2 flats of 4 rooms each.
$5500 — 2-story house, 8 rooms, bath, base-
ment; near Halght and Broderlck. .
$5500 — Very nice home ot 0 .-ooms, bart.-;
vicinity Frederick Et. and Tremont ave.
- $5000 — NE. cor. 23d and Bryant, ave. ; 2 cot-
tases;: stable; plenty room for tiara; 5<»xO-j.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INSTALLMENT HOMES, 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property of buy you a lot:
$s a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due; making your in-
stallments less, than rent; eend for circular.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots in the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; ¦ all level, no
grading to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery, St., Room 5.
MUST sell; make an offer; cottage, 5 rooms
at 166 West Park St.; $1500.
$2SOX> — Cottage, 7 r. & b., new, on West
Park st.; 2 lots on West Park st.. $500 each.
D. COFFIN &CO., 3303 Mission st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cofI improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO., Crocker Building.
$1100— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; street work all
done : must sell. 3316 Mission st. "
LATEST system iianltarV plumbing by AHL-
BACH &• MAYER, plumbers. S36 Howard, '
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
AT.AMKOA HBAT. RSTATE.
J5250 — A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time; two benutlf'il up-to-date modern 6-
room flats on Clinton ave.- bay, frontage;
beautiful marine view; elegant surf bathing;
bathhouses, etc. ; this is a rare chance; don't
overlook It. HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1-HI2
Park st. .-
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
HERICKLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE — Four acres of land In North
- Berkeley, one block 1 from Santa Fe road.
For particulars address MRS. H. F.
BEHREXR . 312 South Brown st., Napa
City. Cal. ..
A. MURDOCK & CO.. South Berkeley station.
for bargains: we build, buy. epII or exchang*.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
FOR QUICK.' CONSERVATIVE SALES OR
PURCHASES .IN HOMES OR INVEST-
MENTS. CASH OR MONTHLY PAYMENTS
OR EXCHANGES. CALL ON OR WRITE
HARRY L. HOLCOMB, 314 SAN PABLO
AVI-;., OAKLAND; ALSO HAVE RENTAL
DEPARTMENT: REFERENCE, BANKS
AND MERCHANTS.
OAICLAXD. ROOMS AXD HOARD.
DESIRABLE sunny- rooms and board; homo
cooking. 52S Twenty-second st., near Tele -
graph ave. .Oakland. . . - - .
OAKLAXD Fl'BXITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW, tlie day for bargains in furni-
ture H. Schelhaas.llth st..cor.i»tore.Oakland.
ROOMS ; FOR 1 1IOU SEKEE FIX G!M
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart -
, ments, 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet.
elevator, " etc. ; unfurnished or furnished to
j order; new house. The St. Charles, 1500
Sacramento St., near Larkin. 4 '¦
; EDDY, 753 — Parlors and other rooms; new
! furnishings; llyht: housekeeping; very 'reas.'
I FOLSOM. S30— Front room with stove; also 2
rooms for housekeeping, also single.,-,.
HAIGHT/ 224 — 3 nicely furnished rooms, bath,
for housekeeping: suitable for 2 or 3 adults.
HYDE. ' 41»— Newly furnished tunny rooms;
housekeeping; private house. -
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1310 Pine—
. Sunny,' -furnished 3-room suites;' staam heat-
ed," electric lighted;, free baths;- rate $30 up.
MARKET, _174 — Front sunny room; nicely fur-
nished;- also housekeeping. room; bath; phone.
MCALLISTER, s 331— Parlor floor; 4 unfurnfsh-
ed .: rooma; gas. bath ; , adults; : $26. . Before 3.
MINNA. 230 — 3 housekeeping .rooms; y very Ae-
6lrable;S sunny apartment*;; very-cheap rent.
POLK. 1404 — Suiiny furnished rooms; single or
housekeeping.; gas range," bath ; with or with-
out board; rent ; reasonable.:
SUTTER, 1022^,' "near Hyde— 2 large sunny
* parlors > and. kitchen;: gas grate, ; etc. -.-•,
TWENTY-SIXTH. 336T— $12; 2 .front \hcuse-
keeping rooms; in Mission: warm belt. -
j PERSOXALS.
I Sutter st., S to-night. Discussion, questions,
; announcements. Excursion to St. Louis on
.May 1; world's health convention July 4
there. Dr. Moore retired, refers patients to
Ellen Dean Moore, M. D., Lancaster Bids.,
Berkeley; phone 721 Dana.
A fresh, smooth ar.d young looking face.
With a real, genuine '"baby skin."
Don't forgSet the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number. 781 O'Farrell st., near Larkin.
Call or write for book, free, •
? "Hints en Beauty."
AI SUITS to order at SI weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a line suit on installments cheaper than
ethers do for cash. LEON LEMOS, merchant
tailor. 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
IF you have anything you want sold by solici-
tors ive will put ij on the market for you;
if you want boarders or have rooms to rent,
you can list th»m with the Agents' Emp.
Bureau, 3ti" Geary st., room 24.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no t=:ain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers' -.ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
A— MICKOTIXE, a positive cure for catarrh,
cold in the h^ad. hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affection*; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO., 272 9th.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones,- etc.). speedily cured by
6killed specialist fr«m Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
812 Ehotwell: consultation free; call or write.
HAIR. grown gray restored: pimples, wrinkles,
all blemishes removed: shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays, 'Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing, 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
elec. needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers, 1170 Mkt.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS _ CO. (inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
Actirin. restores lost eyesighticures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA Co.. :>524 13th. nr. Valencia.
1IRS. Eaton, electric r.eedle specialist. 360 Sut-
ter, r. 009. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play bcoks, wigs; i
country orders. GOLDSTEIN fc CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores pray
hair to its natural color. $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at ! 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p m.
PALJUfcTltY.
UIPSY MADGE. Palmistry Palace, 405 Third
Et*.; three experts; palm ¦ readings 10c; card
and trance readings given; satisfaction. -
MADAM DEVAS i '
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEDE3
BUILDING, 120 POST ST.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific pa!ml?t. 513
Taylo.- st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
_PAPERHAXGISG. PAINTING. ETcT"
ROOMS pap?red, $4 up; tinting, painting
Hartmann Palct Co.. 319 Third; tel.Main 413.
•^ —___¦_— — _—^ _ I, _^
REAL ESTATE — Country — Fop Sale.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
.EXCHANGES.
$15.500 — 103 acrts; all level; 1 mile ot town;
Contra Costa County; elesant 9-room house; 2
large barns; 7 poultry houses; 2 large gran-
aries; income about jfJOVO a year; best ranch
in the county.
$30,000 — Kiamath Co., Southern Oregon; bcr-
dering on Big Kiamath Lake: 3000 acres; cut
about 4400 tons of hay annually; also large
quantities of eraln; well fenced and cross-
tenced; good 8-room residence; farming imple-
ments; 10 horses; 3 good barns, etc.
$10,(100— In Sonoma Co.; SO0 acres well fenced
in 3 fields; house; 3 large barns; dairy house;
well watered; acres tillable; all level; 24
acres 8-year-old orchard; 30 head cattle; 20
hogs; larining Implements, etc.; $5000 mort-
gage: trad? for bay property.
527.COO— IE Placer Co.. on R. R-— 1&S0 acras.
part river -tottom, all can be ploughed; carry
40O head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 good
barns; farmthg implements; 80 head cattle; 12
head horsee; plenty water to irrigate; part cash.
$S50C — Scld by order of Superior Court, lOS'J
acres, litar Point Arena, 20Q acres fine potato
land; aptiie orchard; 500 acres more could be
planted;- SCO acres heavy timber; well im-
proved and fenced;- fine dairy cr stock- ranch.
$5000 — B*st ranch In Southern Oregon; 'i-0
acres; 2 sete good improvements; well fenced;
orchard; u horses: farming tools; outside racge.
Jf3250 — Only 2 miles of town. 155 acre*; It)
acres old vineyard; family orchard; CO acres
clover or alfalfa; undt-.r 3 ditches; large new
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows; farming implements; only
$1000 down.
S23CO — 100 acres near boat and cars, Sonoma
Co.; good 6-rooxn house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses cow, poultry, $200:
Job can be had with the place.
?25C0— One mile* P. O.. schools and stores;
255 acred; 40 level; 10 could be irrigated;
house, larce barn, outhouses; well lenced and
cross- fenced ; 150 hens: new buggy, wagoti,
farming tools; some stocky 3 wells; water piped
to bui'dings; furniture.
$4500 — Two and a half miles live town and
R. R.: 400 acres; 40 in grain on creek; aocut
100 acres mere bottom, land; 10 acres full bear-
Ing orchard; balance timbered pasture;' house.
barn, etc.; fine place for resort or sanitarium;
not far from city.
$5000 — 3 miles cf Santa Cruz; 47 acres; 13
under cultivation, balance fine pasture; 365
assorted fruit trees: 1500 grapes; windmill and
tank; water piped to buildiucrs and yards;
splendid S-room hard-fln'.Ehed house, good
stable and poultry houses; span good horses; 2
cows; 7 dozen hens; single and double buggies
and harness; hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
82650 — 100 acres. 8 miles of Napa. City. 2
miles P. O.; 30 acres under cultivation: 15
acres full bearing fruit; 15 acres fine grain;
65 acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky; house, barn, poultry houses.
Incubator, brooders,. 2 wagons, 2 carts, horse, 1
cow. poultry, tools.
$3CO0 — 100 acres, at station and near Santa
Cruz; 35 acre* clear: orchard: 10-room house;
outbuildings; mortgage $2000; trade equity.
$2500 — Near 'San Juse; 14 acres bearing fruit
mostl7 prunes; facilities for irrigation; build-
ings.
$3250 — 26 acres sandy loam, only 2}£ miles ot
Petaluma; house, 5 rooms and bath; part cash
$750— Gold mine, with SO-foot shaft and fine
body of ore in sight. El Dorado Co. ; at-ays
$14 a ton: would exchange for vacant lot.
$2500— CO acres; 5 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling; and
seme steep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing; good 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 down and balance
monthly payments if desired. , .
$3500 — Near Petaluma; 13 acres; 6-room
house; good outbuildings; tools;, wagon and
horse; 10 poultry houses; 400 hens; 2 incuba-
tors and .brooders; a money-maker. ¦¦ .
$1000 — Clvee to Sebastopol: 8 acres, 4 acres
bearing blackberries; family orchard; I * good
well; running water; fine Jersey cow; spring
wagon; harness; tools; furniture.
$4500— Near SeBastopol: 24 acres; all level -
2 flowing streams: 6 acres apples; 3 acres
blackberries; nice 8-room house, barn; drying
plant; outbuildings; horses; farming tools; ru-
ral delivery.
$2250 — 10 acres, all in apricots Just com-
mencing to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
home; half cash. •
$1700— In Sonoma City; 3% ncres; all level;
good house. -barn, windmill, tank house; 13
poultry houses and yards; some alfalfa; spring
wagon; 500 chickens; feed house.
Send stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE. 20 Montgomery st.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTT.
FOR' sale— Country homes in , every county In
California, at all- prices, . from $450 CO to
$75,000 00. Immense list to select from. If
you want land of any kind call on
HOWE & MERRI-BT.
052 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE — 135 acre* fine virgin redwood Vand
pine timber near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk Creek Mend ocino County. For full par-
ticulars apply to A. CLOCKERS. Albion
P. O.. Cal.
FOR sale-V$1700;. ICO acres; ranch; 12 miles
from Reddine; well stocked; fine water, or-
chard, farming implements, etc. ; great bar-
gain. Address 1776 Ninth St., Oakland. ?
FOR sale— 120O acres good alluvial soil in irri-
gation district, near Stockton, $27 CO per
acre. Address J. E. WAGOR; 39 South Sut-
ter st, Stockton, Cal. :
FIFTY-TWO • acres, ! including growing hay,
near R. R.: Yolo County:- cash -or exchange
town, lot; $2000. 8. H. TARR. 217 Parrott
building. ¦ ' ¦ . ' ¦¦ -.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
- $200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. C0.7 j S f
WRIGHT, _ KIMBROUGH. Sacramento.* Cal.
ALFALFA land's, stock : ranches, orcharde/
vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly -ata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO./ 64S
Market tt. ¦ -. ¦ - : - •¦¦ ; ¦¦ ,
80 ACRES In Lassen County, partly . Improved,
for gale or exchange. Welner, 30 . Geary, r.45.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The -Weekly
Call. 10 pages; sent to any, address in tha
United: States or Canada' one year for SI.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING — Con.
VAN NESS ave-., . 92C— Elegant sunny sujte
housekpg. rms. in 'mod. cor. flat; reasonable.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH offlc* of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has be*u
I opened at JGOS Market st_, -. opposite Fifth.
Open until tl p. m.
HOTTSEl-EZP-tTO BOOMS WANTED.
WANTED— By a young married couple, 2 fur-
nished rooms and kitchen, with gas range;
bath; north of Market St., within 15 minutes'
walk from Kearny and Market. Address,
stating price. Box 711, Call office.
; v ¦
AFAKT_rXZ?T HOX73SS.
A ST. HILA1RE APARTMENTS
———LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEART.-
Will be ready for occupation in a few
days.. Everything new. Make your
reservations now. Elegantly furnished
apartments with private bath — i. 3 and -
4 rooms; stfam heat; electric ltght;ele-
vator; private phones; rates reasonsbl*.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 15.
1084 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make reservations now.
APARTMENT house, comprising 31 3-room
and bath apartments; sumptuously furnished
throughout; modern in every detail; clearing
$500 per month. Box 4077, Call.
ST. CEC1LE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfectloa In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
ertc lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $83.
ST. LOUIS. -1575 Jackson st. — Modem 3-4-5
rcoms: also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phone* East 1.150.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts.— New
¦ house, new furniture; .every' room outside;
modern and sunny: prices from $1 50 per
week up; this U the only up-to-date house in
* this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms ?«open all night.
AT '•The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No 1
Fifth st.)— Roomi, 25c, 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market <old No. 13&4) — Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located: sunny.siugle rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 if desired.
FILLMORE, 1102 — Nicely~furnished room ;
light; sunny. , ¦
FOR single gentleman, tn private home (no
• other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624, Call office.
FRANKLIN, 721, nr. Golden Gate ave. — Sunny
furn. front room; all conveniences; $S-$12.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 33e
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HAIGHT, 232 — Furnished front sunny room;
reasonable; references.
KKKRNY, 34 — Nicely furnished eunny front
rooms, suitable for offices.
KEARXY, 417— Fine double sunny front room;
first floor; $10 a month.
LARKIN, 1025 — Sunny front room; prlvato
family; gentlemen only; call after 2 p. m.
'O'FARRELL.2107 — Front suits elegantly turn.;
also one single suitable for 4 gentlemen.
POST 889 near Hyde— Large front furnished
room; bath. gas. running water; 1 or 2 gents.
POST.- 412^4 — Handsomely furnished, sunny.
• bay-window parlors; running water; house-
keeping if desired.
PRIVATE, pleasant home for invalid fsi phy-
sician's family: reasonable. Phone Page 2241.
SUTTER, 935— New. well furnished room to
let.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. 33c to $1 50; week. $3
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
' floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
THIRD. 354% — Furnished rooms from $1 50 to
$2 75 week;'- light housekeeping.
THREE rooms unfurnished. $15 CO; furnished,
$18 00. Agents' Emp. Bureau, 30 Geary
St., room 24.
TURK, 32^ — Newly furnished sunny rooms, ea
suite or single; transient: Just opened.
CNrTED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to JG week; elec
trie lights (no gas), running water In every
room; e!evator,read.-rjom; free bus: baggage.
VAN NES3 ave., 619 — Elegant front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club. ¦
VAN WINKLE. 207 Jones — Nicely furnished
rooms. $2; tunny suites, $5 per week: baths.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Sd st. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
E5c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light in every
room; 15c to $1 a night; 75c to $5 a week;
open all night: convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
: Call bVanch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
731 Bush St.. above Powell; select first-
clsss reridental hotel; elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed : electric light; steam
heated and private exchange telephones in
every room; terms reasonable.
B. DU CARPE, Prop.
BOARD for the summer in *a nice- private
home in San Leandro: one hour's ride to
San Francisco; all the fruit, vegetables, but-
ter, eggs and chickens; home raised; accom-
modations first class and home like; rates
very reasonable. Box 4276, Call.
________________
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
HOTEL HATTON.
877, Fine st., near Taylor; .elegantly furnished
suites, private baths; all modern conveniences;
American or European plan.
! GOOD first-class board, use of bath; close in;
¦ $4 50 per week. ¦¦ Agents' 'Emp. Bureau,
30, Geary st.. room 24. f s
HOWARD. 841A— Flrst-claes board with loom.
single or double, $4 50-$5 week; American
-family: home cooking; home comforts: piano.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41J Sutter— Sunny rooms:
excellent table: from $40: single $23.
THE LAKE.-2CS Turk st*.— Suites and single
rooms, with board; prices rea^nable. ,
WASHINGTON. 1618— Newly furnished sunny
suite; bath; room a with board. $25 and $30.
VAN NESS ave., . 1714— Elegantly furnished
tultcs. uritn bains: also «!nt;le: horaelik#. ¦
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.,
DOMEUTJC — The machine for family use;
best is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
any price: all : kinds . rented' lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1021- Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See . our new .tricle-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10/ $15, $20; second-
hand, $3, $5, $8; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine -Co.. -1QJ1 Market at.
g PEC1ALISTS;
CATARRH. DEAFNESS "and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free Dr. Cotttngham. 204 Sutter St.
, JIVA^EHOUSES^^
A— GILBERT _ MOORE Storage Co.: storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. : G. G. and Van
• Ness; office 1236 Market, r. 84; tel. South 750.
A — EMPORIUM Storage _ Van Co. ; furniture,
: - household ' goods stored, moved, shipped* 723-
; T31 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., or-
\ ¦ flee Post and Powell «ts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and' merchan-
: ¦ disc. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone ; East" 126.
GOLDEN -- West ; Storage ; advances made. 840
- Mission st. ; tel. Howard 94L F..W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and' Furniture Moving Com-
pany.; 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson __.'•
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
mt.: tel.- Main' 1840/ ShlDDing at cut rates.
SLOT machine cheap; Chicasoes Twentieth
Centuries, pucks. BACIGALUPI. S33 Market.
F'S^^ 0 *'- an<1 scc c"'l-hand. THE HER~
MANN SAFE CO.. CC7 Battery tt.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
__bargains._CuUard & Breck. 131 Post st.
! EAFKS— New an a second-hand! E B "bECK
& CQ-- 1— Market st.
1 GASOLIXE ensine*. automobiles and launches;
] _» ! ' gizeg. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont St.
ASK fcr rrtcps en second-hand typewriters; al!
niakrs. ALEXANDER _ CO.. 110 Mor.tg'y.
I ~*~— *~— — — <— ¦ — — — — . —___—, „—_—__ r—^—^—
>nsCELLAAEOLS WA\TS.
WAXT_D-^$r.<X>.000.00 !n eld gold. If the
readers cf The Call will kindly get out their
cia gold, silver, old Jewelry and platinum,
r>nr.g cr -end It to us by mail or express
\ve will remit at once money or certified
encciv for full value. Consignment will be
, returned to you In exactly the same conui-
: tlcn as received if the amount is not up to
I your expectation. Bank references. LICII-
' __liysT_IX IiHOS.. 15 Stockton St.. city.
! WANTED — One engine and boiler. 100 to 150
horsepower. F«cbnd-hand, good condition;
also «>0O-i;Eht direct current dynamo. Ad-
dr?ss Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market st.
'W-mT£'D — Seccn3-har.3 candy and ice cream
-_ _ -f-j 3 "' ftc " BUMI S- Po'-fc and Sutter.
WANTED — Set of second-hand tinner's tools.
Addresi' Bex 4074. Call Office..
WANTED— Srrall fr,ot lathe! also model
steam engine. 421S Twenty-sixth St.; city.
EHOES wanted; misfit g.- castoff; highest prcs. ;
new & 2d han<1 «hoo« for sale. 749 Mission.
TIL-TOX «.ants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth »t.;tel. Jessie 2S51.-
TO LOAJV.
ftJONEY loaned free cf interest to parties de-
tiring life insurance. United Loan and
Trust Company. 21 Stockton St.. second
floor; phene Hush 4S4.
LIFE insurance policies; loans on same; we
give higher loan values than companies.
United Loan and Trust Company, 21 Stock-
ton et. (second floor); phone Bush 4S4.
YOUI* credit is good lor men^y at the
U.MTEO LOAN' and TRUST COMPANY,
1 -21 ttockton ttreet (upstairs); if you huld
a salaried petition, on your plain note, -with-
out mortgage, pledge or lndorser or knowl-
edge^ of your friends or employer; lowest rate;
quick service; confidential treatment; call,
¦write cr telephone, Bush 4t>4; we are the best
equipped company in the city, with offices
conveniently and centrally located; separate
rcoms. arranged so that the strictest privacy
is aat-ured. \
AAA-HEEliA.N' 3JCHPHT.
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Qu1<-k set tl< rr.ents; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Eetat-s, . pecond mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.;* legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly conndentlal.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $1,000,000.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT.
FIRST. SECOND AJJD THIRD MORTGAGES
CITY AND OAKLAND,
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE
REAL, ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-8-9-10-11. CROCKER BUILDING. S. F.
A reaaonabt* amount on
let, *d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
-t-- Chattels, in city, town
- - or country.
Low rate of Interest. ( •
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc
Box 403. Call Office.
HONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, J«fair.£t-rs, boarding-houses, without
ffcurity: easy payments; large business in
4>i principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; *inct!y confidential. National
Credit Co.. OS Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market it.
THi: Dntted Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
*t. fupttairs). loans money on diamonds, jew-
eiry and valuables at 2 p<»r cent per month;
absolute in-ivary. _Prion» Bu*h 4«4.
MONET leaned on 2d apd 3d mortgages, un-
divided interests, real estate In r-robate. life
estates. United Loan and Trust Co 21
Stockton st. <upgtaire).
HIGHLY resooctable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at 2
P*r cent imerekt. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market: teL Kaln 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
1 PER cent oa furniture or pianos; no removal-
r.c commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick
quiet, ccnfldffltlal. 2t> Montgomery st., rm. 7.
MONET to loan on low interest: erold. eilver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. li> Sixth St.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave
LOANS. FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW »_«y method — To wage earners on unin-
dcrs"d notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Ccrr.pany. rooms 48-49. Chronicle blda.
TO salaried people without security"; on furni-
ture. Indprsed notes -jsnd other security. S F
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos: strict
privacy ;no commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI, 001 Eddy. Conservatory bujlldlng.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
tr.o. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
ZTo ON furniture _ pianoe; $13 up; no removal-
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy su
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
EavicgE Bank building. 70S Market st.
STAR .Loan Co. cf Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R, *;il Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned aaJarted people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 000 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
36 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MrsiCAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL UPRIGHTS r -~~>~*~~~n~«~v^.
Fischer, new $:>_>, now $150.
H«^rtz. Demi $30O. now $«".
Miller, new $300, now $145.
3 Emerson,' new $250 to $."50, now $1*50.
2 Chlckering, new $450, now $100, $185..
-• Steinway, new $073, $750. now $1*5, $325.
Heine, new. $575, now $333.
Rents $2 up; installments, $4 up. Rent aD-
plied if purchased.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.
Oakland— 1252 Broadway.
A FEW GOOD UPRIGHT BARGAINS—
Chickering; walnut case, used one year;
Eteinway. ebeny case, used two years;
Knabe, largest size, fancy walnut; Hames
Bros.. Patti'si favorite, a soap; Curtaz, srfiall
Elze. used IS months; Marshall, fine order
thoroughly repaired, from $150 up; these In-
struments must be seen to be appreciated.
BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'Farrell st.,
Chlckering agent*.
ONLY piano house in . the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
6 months rent and cartage off purchase
price; sole agents for McPhall. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. COO Hayes.
,A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furnl-
S^L^J 11 bs * oId t0 M ' storage dirt cheap.
storage. 163C Market st-
$75; STEINWAY rosewood; cost $CO0; for sale
on $5 installments. 1309 Gough. near Geary.
SMALL pianos for email apartments; great
tcne; rent or sale. Byron Mauzy. 309 Post st."
XEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ _ CO.. 16 McAllister st. .
3-PEDAL Steinway up. ;Chickerlng baby grand-
Ehonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O~'FarreH.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos «]-
raoBt given away. Horonng. 216 McAllister.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzey pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-312 Pest st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The 'Weekly Call,
16 pates, in wranner.for mailing. $1 per year.
AXD STORES TO LET.
TO let — One large, lieht front room at 630
Market St.. opposite the Palace Hotel; suit-
able for an oface. Apply ct 630 Market st.
6AXSOME, 712— Handsome, large store, base-
ment, cheap. LANDRY C. BABIN, 413
Kearay Rt.
PHYSICIANS A.\D SURGEOX*. \
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence
102114 Market st.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to dlreases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. -BALL. 10731J, Market et. . .,
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at" 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at Cti7 Geary *t.. near Leavenworth. -
DR. TONG PO CHT. succ»_sor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor, etires all di«ease< of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG "WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs/ 710- b Clay st.
20. 1904, P. J. Freiermuth. aged 52 years.
ICTFuneral from St. Patrick's Church.
Watsonville. Thursday, at 9 o'clock.
GOUDEY— In Oakland. Car.. March 28. -19«4.
Rufns Samuel Goudey. of 553 East .Twenty-
eighth street, and formerly of. Everett. Ma.*.,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 33 years
and 7 months.
HI LEE — In the City and County Hospital.
March 28. 1904. Ri Lee. a native of China.
HUNTER— In this city. March 20, 1904. Anna
Hunter, beloved wife of J. Hunter. ¦ native
of Canada, aged 37 years 1 month and 12
days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
HURLEY— Io this city. March 27. 1904. Mar-
garet D.. dearly beloved wife of Daniel D.
Hurley, and loving mother of Dan F.. John
D. and Michael F. Huriey and Mrs. Charles
A. Landis. a native of Ireland, aged 62 year».
(Arizona papers please copy.)
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:3O o'clock, from her late
residence. 2110 Mission street, thenca to
Mission Dolores Cnurch. where ' a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repos*
of her eoul. commencing at 9 o'clock. Ia-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KOSSMAN— In the Oty and Cftuaty Hospital.
March 29. 1904. Anthony Kossman, » native
of Germany, aged 42 years.
LARKIN— In this city. March 23. 1904. Mar-
garet Jane, beloved daughter of the late
Dennis and Mary Larkin. and sister of Den-
nis Larkin, a native of San Francisco, aged
40 years.
LIBARE— In this city, March 29, 1904. Anto-
nlna M.. relict of Francesca Llbare, and
mother of Salvadore and Carmelo Libare and
Angelina Musladine. a native of Italy, aged
87 years 3 months and 2 days.
fCTFriends and acquaintances are r«sp«et-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1619 Devisadero afreet, between
Post and Sutter. Interment Italian Ceme-
tery.
LIEN— In this city. March 2S, 1904, Newman
M. Lien, beloved son of Nils W. Lien, and
brother of Olof, Constance. Conrad, Belnard.
Otto. May. Axel. Nlcoll. Daniel and Tryve
Lien, a native of Minnesota, aged 35 -year*
7 months and 30 days.
CRemalns at the funeral parlor" of
James McGinn _ Co., 214 Eddy street. No-
tice of funeral hereafter.
MATTHEWS— In Nome, January 14. 1904,
Frank T. Matthews. beloved husband of
Blanche Matthews, father of Mildred and
Frances Matthews, and loving: brother of
James _. and John A. Matthews and Mrs.
J. McDermott of Berkeley, a native of Fol-
som, aged 42 years.
MCCARTHY— In this city. March 29. 19W.
Mary A. McCarthy, beloved wire of John
W. McCarthy, and mother of Mary A. Mc-
Carthy, a native of Massachusetts.
fCTNotice- of funerai hereafter. *
MELCZER— In Palo Alto. Cal.. March 2S.
19O4. William, beloved husband of Elizabeth
Melczer, father of Ralph Alberth and
Elizabeth Melcser, and brother of Joseph and
Lou!s Melczer, a native of Hungary, aged
5tf years and 6 months.
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
to-day <Wednes«day>. at 10 o'clock, at I. O*.
B. B. Hall. 121 Eddy street, under the aus-
pices of Columbia Lodge, I. O. B. B. t
MOHAN— March 28. 1904. Joseph T. Mohan,
beloved brother of Mary Mohan and nephew
of Mrs. E. Cuslck, a native of County Cavan.
Ireland, aged 29 years.
fCT Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow <Thnrs«iay>. at
2 o'clock, from the residence of his aunt.
Mrs. E. Cusick. 1744 Market street, thence
to the chapel in Rt. Mary's Cemetery, where
services will be held at 3 o'clock.
Ml'RPHY— In this city. March 29. 1904. Dan-
iel F.. beloved son of Timothy and Hannah
Murphy, and loving brother of Jeremiah L..
Vincent S. and Margaret E. Murphy and
Mrs. William Perkins, and the late John J.
Murphy, a native of San Francisco, aged 4«
years.
IT_rFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully rnvlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:3O o'clock, fron. his late
residence, 355 Minna street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where services will be held
at 1 o'c!ock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MURPHY— In this city. March 29. 1004, Huga
I S. Murphy, beloved father r>f Mrsi. M. A.
Kennedy and Thomas H. Murphy, a native
of Manchester. England, aged 81 years. A
member of Gentlemen's . Sodality, St. Igna-
tius Church.
fCTNotice of funeral hereafter.
NOBLE— In West Berkeley, Cal.. March 27.
1904, Harry C. Noble, a native of Maine,
aged 49 years 2 months and it days.
NEUMANN— In this city. March 28. 1904. Dr.
Leopcid Neumann, a native of Germany,
aged 47 years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tt> attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the Saa
Francisco Verein. corner of Post and Lea*-
enwof.h streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Cem-
etery
NOTTSON— In this city, March 29. 1DO4, Lewis
. J. Nottson. a native of Norway, aged 71
years.
OLSON— lrr this city, March 27. 1904, Mrs.
Karln Olson, beloved mother of Jonaa and
Nel» Olson, a native of Boltnas, Sweden.
aged 75 years and 21 days.
IT_ ""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. MO Liberty street, thence by elec-
tric funeral car from corner of Eighteenth,
and Guerrero streets, at 11 o'clock, to Mount
Olivet Cemetey for interment.
SORENSEN— In this* city, March 28, 1904.
Hulda I. Sorensen, dearly beloved wife of
Charles M. Sorensen, and daughter of Mr*.
M. Gaiberg' and the late T. Galberg. a> na-
tive of Kolding. Denmark, aged 41 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at her
late residence, 2S26 Bush street. Cremation
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flower*.
THOMAS — March 27, 19O4. Charles G. Thomas.
. beloved husband of Annie Thomas, a native
of Maryland, aged 44 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of King Solo-
mon's Lodge No. 260. F. and A. M. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
THEBERATH — In this city. March 29. 1904,
Theodore _., beloved husband of Marion
Theberath, a native of New Jersey, aged 49
years 4 months and 7 flay*.
C7Friends and acquaintances) ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
April 1, at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
' dence, 770 Cole street, thence to Masonio
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, where . services will be held at 1 :3O
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from corner of
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2U_
o'clock.
WARD— In this city, March 29. 190*. WlllUm.
beloved husband of Katherine Ward. a. na-
tive of Dublin. ' Ireland, aged 44 years 3
months and 29 days. A member of Golden
Gate Camp No. 64. W. O. W., and Choppers*
Friendship Club No. 1.
WEYHE— In Emery—Me, Cal.. March 29.
1904, Frederick William Weyhe, beloved
uncle of Mrs. F. Hahn and Mrs. J. Georgs
Smith, a native of Har.-ver. Germany, aged
91 years 7 months and 22 days.
WHIPPI_I — In this city, March 29. I9O4.
Ruth E.. beloved* daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
H L. Whlpple. a native of San Francisco,
aged 7 years 11 months and 10 days.
E7Funeral to-day (Wednesday). Services
and interment private.
WOLFF — In this elty. March 2S. 1904, Wil-
liam Wolff, beloved husband of Frederlcka
Wolff, a native of Germany. A member Of
the Machinists* Union.
K7 Remains at the funeral parlors of the
H. F. Maasa Co., 917 Mission street. - ,'-¦¦
WONG SING — In this city. March 2S. 1904.
Wcng Sing, a native of China, aged 51 years.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan A (lallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Flftb st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone Sooth 80-
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
——Funeral Directors and Eabalmera
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW »t Sfitf MISSION. TeL South 187.
Between Fourtn and Fifth, near Fifth si. ;
Finest Equipments at - Moderate Rates.
TLjr~\v/\ -\jT£ "you TLJCM I \K\2 '""__ ¦-'¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦X'l^V/CD I
I 1 st w Am I JwANT I n_M ' Lhjfc wANTAl^-VLKfl .Ofcl IbM I lM>.l: : Mt..v_ALLGives Judgment for Defendant.
A dispatch was received from New
York last nigbt to the effect -that John
H. Coe. who', was found dead in- the
rear of a Sixth-street &aloon last Sat
urday morning, was the son of John
W. Coe of Brooklyn. ;i prominent pol
itician and former State .Senator. Coe
i» said to have l^d a wayward life for
many years. in New York. He disap
peared suddenly sonic years ago and
nothing was heard of him by his rel
ative* till the news of his death was
sent East.
Coe Comes of Good Family
Mrs. White Gives Up Fight.
Mrs.. Jennie White, the divorced
wife of the late Jonathan Whit<\ who
recently lost a long legal battl« to re
cover White's «state, she claiming that
the decree of divorce obtained by
White had been secured by fraud,
yesterday filed a notice waiving her
right to appeal from the decision of
Judge Troutt. which declared her to
be without interest in White's estate.
to Leslie Falkenberg, "that the-law re
stricts me-' from sending you , to * " the
penitentiary. I can'oiily order your im
prisonment in • the County Jaill ' but
your, term -there will be the longest I
can legally: impose. You are the most
contemptible .wretch that ever faced
this court. Your Instincts are those of
the ¦ hoodlum. " I . will sentence you to
morrow." •
Falkenbefg;was convicted of mali
ciously obtaining a warrant for the' ar
rest of -Mamie Garrlty, the mother of
his_ : two , illegitimate children, .with
whom he had quarreled. He sent word
to the woman that he' would like to see
the youngest, of their offspring, a ten
month-6ld babe; and when she 1 -took it
to the house of his parents and left it
there.' Intending to call later and get it,
he swore' out! a warrant ..accusing her
of abandoning the infant/ arid alleging
that its "father was his brother George.
In court it. came, out that he never had
a brother George, and that his charge
against, the woman was systematically
trumped up'. for the purpose of obtain
ing revenge on the unfortunate woman.
Dr. Thomas- i-r. . Brennan submitted
his defense yesterday .to the charge
that he embezzled $37,000 : from the Rev.
P. J. i Grey, 1 and evidence in* rebuttal
will be heard next. Saturday ".by .Judge
Fritz. R. W.'- Putnam, a notary public
at Paso Robles, testified that .on Sep
tember 13, 1899, while Dr. Brennan and
Father Grqjr were staying at the hotel
there, the latter signed a document as
signing all his money on deposit in .the
Hibernia Bank to the defendant, and
that the aged clergyman 'seemed to be
"in good and vigorous mind" at the
time. Five photographs of as many
different houses in which the doctor
and priest had dwelt were produced to
disprove the charge that the defendant
had insufficiently cared for his pa
tient's comfort." Mary Ann Wilkinson,
who had served as housekeeper for
Brennan, testified that his 'treatment
of Father Grey had always been good,
and then Brennan submitted ah affida
vit made by him and dated January 7,
1904, that- Father Grey had signed th,e
checks? on which he drew the $37,000
from the Hibernia Bank.
After he had been sentenced to six
months' .imprisonment for vagrancy
John Roach glared at Judge Mogan
and yelled:
."^Vhat.have I done to get such a
dose as that?" " .
Then the, court gave him thirty days
additional for.disturbing the peace, and
John again bridled up and was about,
to say something more when Bailiff
Hickey considerately grasped his col
lar and harried him from the. court
room. ' • . .
Myrtle and Francis Gallagher are
held' to answer to- the Superior Court
on a charge of robbing John Parker
of $60 in a Minna-street lodging-house.
The defendants are man and wife,
having been married many years,
in Judge -Conjan's court- each tried to
pass up to the other sole responsibility
for. the robbery. "Their bail 1 was fixed
at $500 each.- • • . . ' !- ;.•
Teresa. Hendry. accused' of; bombard
ing with rocks the "residence 'of v W. F.
Whlttier on Jackson street,- between
Octavia and Laguna, had a brief'hear
ing through her attorney in. ; Judge" Mo
ga'n's .court.' The .complaining ..witness
did'. not appear- to prosecute and the de
fendant's counsel dramatically declared
his readiness to proceed with' the trial
and demanded, either ;instant dismissal
or-.the immediate production of' testi
mony sufficient to convict. 'Then he
darkly hinted .that the complainant had
been "smuggled away.". : A' continuance
till to-morrow was ordered. »\ ¦
The defendant 'alleges that *he.'has
a c!aim against. Mr. Whittler for an
injury inflicted' in the long ago and
that she is willing to -setUe-it-for $7000
cash. Some time ago she was arrested
for assailing the complainant' at his
place of business and Judge Mogan dis
missed the case wHen she had -prom
ised to abstain from repeating the of
fense. When she was reminded yes
terday of that' promise she informed
the court that she had not broken it.
as her latest offense was not com
mitted at the place" of business, but at
the residence of the complainant.
Julius Kruttschnitt, the newly ap
pointed 'director of transportation of
the HRrriman lines, yesterday stated
that in a few days a circular will be is
sued announcing the appointment .of
A. L. Mohler, president of the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company, to
the position of; general manager of. the
Union Pacific Company's lines* east of
Green ¦ River.-. . •• . '•
In this way the operating responsi
bilities of the entire Union Pacific road
and 'its branch lines will b» about
equally divided between Mohler and W.
H. Bancroft, who was appointed gen
eral manager of the Union Pacific lines
shortly after the retirement of Horace
G. Burt. Bancroft's Jurisdiction will
include the Union Pacific from Green
river Ho Ogden. the Oregon Short. Line
and' the Salt' Lake division of the Cen
tral Pacific road, between Reno and
Ogden. Mohler's successor as j general
manager of : the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company, Mr. Kruttschnitt
said, -will be E. E. Calvin,- at present
assistant general manager of the Ore
gon-Short Line. To him will also be
assigned the charge of all the Southern
Pacific Company's lines in Oregon.
These changes, explained Mr. Krutt
schnitt, will greatly'facilitate the gen
eral operating of all the Harriman lines
from the office of the director of trans
portation in Chicago.
Wllii KEPORT TO CHICAGO.
"General Manager Bancroft," said
Mr.. Kruttschnitt, '"will, have his head
quarters in Salt Lake, General Mana
ger Mohler will operate from offices in
Omaha and General Manager Ca)vin
will remove to Portland. At present
the' manager of the lines in Oregon re
ports to the' general manager of the
Southern Pacific Company in this city.
In the future, however, he and the two
general managers of the Union Pacific
systems and the Oregon Short Line will
report direct to Chicago."
Mr. Kruttschnitt added that Charles
H. Markhanr, his successor as general
manager of the Pacific system of the
Southern Pacific, will arrive here in a
few days and 'immediately proceed to
acquaint himself with his^new duties.
Mr. Kruttschnitt expects to remain in
San Francisco several weeks.
. A telegram was received by Passen
ger Traffic Manager E. O. McCormick
of the. Southern Pacific Company yes
terday stating - that j his "successor,
Charles Fee, will arrive on Sunday,
and it is very likejy that the new offi
cial of the Harriman .line will be in
ducted into offic.e on Monday next. Let
ters .received here • by several railroad
men from •friends of Fee in St. Paul
state that. the officials of the Northern
Pacific Company have been striving in
every", manner" to persuade Fee .to re
consider his '¦ acceptance ' of 'the offer
from the Southern Pacific Company and
remain with the Hill road.
V '. WANT ' FEE TO . K EM A IX.
'These letters confirm the story pub
lished:in The Call several days ago to
the effect, that the Northern Pacific of
fered to increase .Fee's salary- a con
siderable amount and .prwmqte him to
the position of passenger* traffic mana
ger, .which would be/, created • for him.
It .was not until last ".Wednesday that
he gave'his final refusal to these terms
and prepared- for, his change of resi
dence to San Francisco.. .
Irt accepting. the new positiop on this
coast Mr. Fee's . friends say . he -was
prompted greatly by the fact that his
wife is . in ill health and; spends" a
great deal of her timje in California.
Jhe same letters state that A. ¦ M.
Cleland, assistant general passenger
agent of the Northern PaciUc. is- slated
for the higher position about to be va
cated by the newly appointed traffic
manage'r of the Pacific system of th,e
Southern Pacific Company. . :
Captain" G. J. Grammer of Cleveland,
general traffic, manager of the Lake
Shore and Michigan Southern Railway*
accompanied by his. wife and J. D.
Oliver of the. Oliver. Chilled, Steel
Works, and his wife.', arrived here yes
terday in a private car and are staying
at the Palace. They have been making
a tour of Mexico and proceeded north
to pay their respects, to friends in this
city. • Captain °Grammer is" a lifelong
friend of E. Q.McCorm'ick of the|?outh
ern Pacific Company', and the two were
together a great part of yesterday.
POSITIONS AWAIT MORSE.
There is considerable gossip In local
ialfroad circles over a report received
here from the East to the effect that
S. *F. B. Morse, former assistant pas
senger traffic manager of the Southern
Pacific Company,- is to re-enter the
railroad, business. Morse, who is one
of the most popular tr#fflc men' ip the
Southern States,- "retired from the
Southern Pacific Company about ten
months ago .to become a "partner of
Daniel J,- Sully, the cotton operator,
whose failure last week was a sensa
tional affair in Eastern commercial
circles. *• • ' .'-^
Morse, during his railroad experi
ences in tha South," became "thoroughly
acquainted \ with the cotton situation
and this fact led to his becoming a
member of the 'Sully firm, the failure
of which is said to have cost him sev
eral millions which he aiade during his
! short connection with Sully.; One of
| the stories that reached here yesterday
is that President Harriman- r>f tnfc
SoHthern Pacific: Company had offered
him'hisold position at Ne"w Orleans,
.but local officials of the Southern "Pa
cific discredited this report. 'v
. Another story is that Morse has been
Offered the position of passenger traffic
manager of the Frisco road, witft head
quarters in Chicago.
E. Bonsall, formerly agent of th%
Southern Pacific Company at # Napa,
who has been-appointed traveling" pas
senger^agent of the Harriman lines in 1
Cincinnati, left yesterday for .the scen§
of his future duties. He succeeds
Warren F. Holton, who comes here as
traveling passenger agent of the Pied
mont Air LJne.
Calmon Wins Contest.
The Supreme Court tiecided yester
day that Alexandrine Sarraillr, as ad-*
rhinistratrix of the estate of Frederick
Gamier* was not entitled to a piece
of real estate deeded to the decedent
¦by Eugene Calmon under a misappre
hension. Gamier negotiated a deal
between Calmon and Josephine Bey
ersdorff, representing that- the latter
would sell a'piece of property for $11,
50j0 and the piece of land involved In
litigation. Garnlec paid Mrs. Beyers
dorff the $11,500 and had the e«?ra
land mentioned deeded to himself.
When the trick was discovered Calmon
bVtought suit for the recovery of the
rear estate. - ¦' ">¦;¦'•:
Framing With ISIosanee.
One of the latest styles of framing
pictures is close up-, without margins or
mats, using broad natural wood mold
ings, finished in tone* to match the pic
tures. Polished, wax or Flemish finishes,
producing most elegant effects. Novel
ties just received in those poods. San
born. Vail & Co.. .741 Market st. •
"Spider Kelly" Sued.
James Curtin, better known as
"Spider Kelly," was sued in the Jus
tices' Court yesterday by Rauer's Col
lection Company for J5S alleged to be
due on an assigned claim for clothes
made and delivered.
Burnett'* Extract of Vanilla is the
leader all the world over. Use no other. •
Th*> problem exercise of the Ninth
Cavalry will begin to-day on the golf
links at fc:30 a. m. sharp and will last
until 10:30 a. m. :
Lieutenant Daniel H.* Brush. Elev
enth Infantry, arrived from the East
yesterday and registered at headquar
ters. He is en route to Manila.
The Thirteenth Infantry Band, sta
tioned at Angel Island, will go on a
concert tour about April 20 for a pe
riod of twelve days. It will play in the
leading cities as far east as Salt Lake.
Captain George P. White, quarter
master's department, has gene on leave
cf absence to Los .Angeles and expects
to return by the 31st. During his ab
ernc Lieutenant Camp is acting .for
Him. , ¦ •;.:
Colonel Owen J. Sweet is not recov
ering as fast from his illness as his
brother officers and his friends would
desire. Every attention and every com
fort is given him in the General Hos
pital and it is hoped that during the
next fev. days he will begin to show
elgns of improvement. Evidently . his
etrenuous work in the Philippines has
much to do with his present malady.
The Twenty-ninth Infantry will be
the next regiment to return from the
Philippines. It is scheduled to leave
thtre on April 15. According to pres
ent indications and so far as o.rders
from the War Department are con
cerned, this regiment will be the last
to leave the Islands and will not get
away for twelve months at least.
Troop M. Ninth Cavalry, under com
mand «>f Captain L. W. Cornish, has
fitted up social club quarters in its
barracks. These quarters are of a pre
tentious sort and all expense has been
borne by the troepers themselves. The
rooms are fitted with billiard and card
tables and those musically Inclined can
enjoy the use of a fine piano.
The Philippine Scouts put up a fine
drill yesterday between 3 and 4 o'clock
on the grounds in front of the General
Hospital buildings. For the first time
the band played during the drill and
added much to the smartness of the
occasion. At 3 o'clock dress parade
took place, followed by manual of arms,
and again the band was a feature.
The First Squadron. Ninth Cavalry,
now stationed at Ord Barracks, has
been selected for the national parks'
detail of California, where it will re
main for about five months. Last year
the Third Squadron, now stationed at
the Presidio, had the same detail. This
is deemed one of the finest details in
this department and is much sought
after by the different squadrons of
trooper? stationed on the coast.
The reK^ilar monthly field day of the
Tenth Infantry will be held this morn-
Ing at 9 o'clock on the grounds in front
cf the hospital buildings. Yesterday
afternot-n the grounds were all staked
off for the proceedings, and unless rain
prevents a fine morning's sport can be
exrected, at a splendid programme ¦ of
events has been arranged.
McEnerney °also * contended that the
indictment was without force here as
an indictment, but was to be examined
as any other bit of evidence. He then
attacked it as failing to make a pre
sumptive case against the defendants,
apd closed by citing cases to support
the defendants' .contention that the
Government is bound to support the
indictment w&h other evidence. The
same line of argumen.t was carried on
by Wheeler, who again questioned the
jurisdiction of 'the court at Washing
ton and was reminded'by the Commis
sioner of his wish not to consider that
matter.
McEnerney made a Tierce attack on
H<^nf*y's positions/ repeating in the
main arguments that had been set
forth by his associates, Schlesinger and
Knight, on Monday, but driving them
home with great force. He further ar
gued that California and Oregon not
having attacked the Government's title
to the lands deeded to it by the defend
ants, that title was good, and therefore,
that every act alleged in» the first
thirty-four courts of the indictment
was an entirely lawful act, because the
Government had not been defrauded of
any land. If any fraud had been com
mitted it was against those States.
Replying s tp- a question by Heney,
counsel- made this remarkably frank
statement of the position taken by the
defense:
We" hold that when a man conveys land
within a reservation to the Government In
exchange for.; land selected outside the reserva
tion ttic transaction * js complete whei> the
Govcrnmept 'acc*Dts it and cannot be at
tacked, no matter whetKer the land within
thc° : reservation l^as b*cn acquired' by fraud
or net. »
mcK.vi:hxky's able plea.
The Commissioner brushed the whole
matter aside with the significant re
mark: "I do not regard the warrant
as very material, but will admit It. As
at present advised I am unwilling to
go into the question of . the court's
jurisdiction. It is not my business to
interfere with a superior tribunal."
The rest of the day was occupied by
McEnerney and Wheeler in replying to
Heney. Wheeler ha<J not concluded
when 4 o'clock brought the adjourn
ment, and he wiK continue this morn
ing at 10:30. V
Heney closed by citing eases to show
that the Government's' titles obtained
from the defendants would nof stand
against a suit by California or- Oregon.
Then, after offering in evidence the
bench warrant from the Supr.eme Court
of the District of Columbia, he rested.
Schlesinger and Wheeler of defendants'
counsel vigorously objected to the war
rant, the latter declaring that it had
been issued by a court without juris
diction.
"That is just what we allege these
defendants did," replied Heney. "They
object that the indictment is defective
because it falls to set forth, in each of
the thirty-four counts, which method
was- used. But that was not necessary.
The indictment simply charges that the
defendants adopted these three methods
of obtaining school lands fraudulently,
in order to«have them included in the
reservations and then exchange them
for the thirty-four tracts of outside
lands belonging to the Government."
HteACOCK LETS IX LIGHT.
At this point Commissioner Heacock
interrupted with a question that was
at once taken by all in the courtroom
as showing his agreement with the
Government's position. He said:
L'nder the words of the indictment specify
ing: the iiarrrls the defendants are charged
with c^nspirinc to ohtaln from the State by
fraud three methods of a!le£ed frauQ are set
fcrth. May it not be true that in the. case
of the larcer parcels offered to the Govern
ment all three of these methods were used
to obtain ! nsscssion from the States? May
not one section or quarter sc-lion in the tract
hsvo l>een obtained on a fictitious name, an
other by using; the name of a man not quali
fied to buy. and still another part of the,
tract by usinp th» name of a man who. al
th-HiEh nualifled. had no intention of settling
upon the land?
The indictment here is valid' in spite of the
defendants' objection that we charge they
conspired to defraud the Government by three
methods, one or more of which they claim
were lawfu!. In fact all we were required to.
Allege was that the defendants conspired to
defraud the Government and that In further
ance of this unlawful agreement they com
mitted one overt act. If two of the methods
by which the defendants grot possession of
the State school lands should b«» shown to be
lawful the indictment would still stand as to
the -third method. '
The forest reservation act was made neces
sary by the stripping of the timber from
(aft a reap throughout the* country. It has
never been the Government's policy to make
money out of its outside lands, but to hold
them for the benefit of the citizens that should
become actual settlers. It was never con
templated that fraudulent titles- lnsi.1» the
reservations could be exchanged for valuable
tracts outside.
United-, States Commissioner E. H.
Heacock spent the entire day yesterday
in listening to further argument in the
land fraud cases on the motion of the
two defendants, Fred A. Hyde and
Henry P. Dimond, to dismiss the Gov
ernment's complaint and relieve them
from the necessity of going to the na
tional capital for trial. Several inti
mations given by the Commissioner
during the day were accepted as indi
cating his disinclination to grant the
motion, unless the defendants put in
evidence establishing their Innocence,
but his final decision will not be known
until the conclusion of the argument
to-day.
Francis J. Heney, special counsel for
the Government, in concluding his
argument, arraigned the State officials
of California and Oregon for negligence
in the methods by which individuals
had been able to get possession of
large areas of the school lands through
fraudulent means, and in* violation of
the purpose of the Government that
these cessions Ehould benefit the whole
people of the United States by being
sold only to actual settlers. Continuing
he said:
Commissioner Unwilling to
Question Jurisdiction of
the Washington Court
Tenth Infantry Field Day
Will Give Enlisted 3Ien
Chance to Show Dexterity
E. y 0. McConnick's Successor
Sends Word He Will Be in
San Francisco on Sunday
SPORTS FOR SOLDIERS
KULING FORESHADOWED
CALVIN ALSO PROMOTED
"I deeply regret,'' said Judge Mogan
Peck Eppinger, son of a member of
the recently failed grain firm of. Eppin
ger &Co., is held on bonds of $100 to ex
plain to Judge Fritz this morning his
reason for smashing a * seltzer siphon
on the head of G. Greco, night clerk at
the Hotel Florence, about 4 o'clock
yesterday "morning. .
Policemen J. H. Pearl and D. Mur
phy, .who made the arrest, ; found
Greco's head so badly v cut that they
sent him to the Receiving Hospital.
The clerk says the afctsault grew, out of
a discussion over drinks Eppinger had
ordered taken to hisToom in .the Flor
ence. Eppinger wanted the drinta, . but
had no money to pay for them, and the
bartender refused to serve them. .Then
Eppinger dressed himself, went down
stairs and soon afterward, Greco says,
the assault was made. After striking
the clerk Eppinger hurried 'back to : his
room, where .he was arrested. , Eppinger
declares that the clerk struck him; with
a cane and ' that he merely slapped ' his
face in retaliation.- '<
Y. Sanchi and another subject of the
Mikado sought solace for the repulse of
Togo's fleet at Port Arthur by imbibing
various liquors, but instead of mollify
ing the shock received' by their sense
of p4|riotism the drinks gradually-in
flamed*, their feelings until they became
disorderly as well as drunk; It was in
this condition that Patrolman George
Harrijgan found them at j 3 -a', m.v yes
terday in the vicinity of Grant" avenue
and Pine street; and when he endea
vored to c\irb their exuberance, . Sanchi
suddenly turned playful and- tried to
belittle the officer's dignity. He was
fined $5 by Judge Mogan.
Since she separated from her hus
band and the father of her 'young
child, about a year ago. Ruby Brad
ford has been the acknowledged belle
of the Pacific-street dancehouse . which
she entered to earn a livelihood for the
little bne and herself. The police have
thrice. arrested Ruby for va
grancy, and her • third appear
ance as a defendant was made
yesterday in the court of ' Conlan.
A special pleader had been engaged in
her behalf, and he was -in a fair way
of having her dismissed when Officer
Joy casually said ' ¦ something that
prompted the Judge to address a few
questions to jier. • The answers dis
closed the fact that she had been fear
ing her- child in the delectable atmos
phere of the dancehouse and then she
was pronounced guilty and ordered to
appear to-day for sentence.
Sixteen-year-old Patrick Crotty • is
one of the most active and highly re
spected members of the Standard Ath
letic Club, an organization of boys em
ployed in the Union "Iron" Works. • The
club's headquarters occupy the" second
floor of the building at Nineteenth and
Kentucky streets, the lower portion of
the structure containing Louis Edel
stein's stock of Second-hand furniture.
In the court' of Cabanies yesterday .Jlr.
Edelstein accused Master Crotty" of
having been the ringleader of a crowd
of club lads that mobbed him abput- 8
o'clock Monday evening while he. was
about to board a street car and . pro
ceed to his '.lodge. The complainant
averred furthermore that the defendant
struck him with a stick. • .., •.
There was tio lack of testimony, for
the defense. A swarm of. Master G?rot
ty's juvenile acquaintances were posi
tive that from 7 till 9 o'clock '. the ac
cused was in the efubroom, ' punching
the bag and o indulging in other meth
ods of self-rnflicted physical .torture.!
Despite }he overwhelming evidence of
an alibi, however. Master Crotty was
bound over to keep the peace toward
Mr. Edelstein and all other residents
trf South San Francisco.
After straining their ears and ' their
imagination to ascertain what j Steven
Sadowa was trying to make intelligible
expert dialecticians groaned and con*
fessed themselves baffled. Linguistic
sharps also stood . beaten by Sadowa's
verbal contortions, and finally Judge
Mogan postponed his hearing of the
man's testimony until the services of
a person qualified to translate muti
lated Polish into up-to-date ' English
can be obtained. Enough of Steven's
gibberish could be interpreted to con
vey the information that he learned
to talk in some part of Poland's fair
land that is in proximity to the em
pire of the Czar and has mixed up
some of the Slavonic lingo with its own
origipal tongue.
It was .as a complainant that Steven
appeared in court. He charged a mid
dle aged and decidedly unprepossess
ing female named Sarah Martin. with
having pilfered $180 belonging to him,
and it was his effort to explain how
the alleged robbery occurred that drove
the interpreters to despair. From other
witnesses, however, it was learned that
Steven came to the great, city from
the town of Hanford, where for two
years he had worked industriously as
a dairyman and scrimped his pecuniary
expenditures until he had saved $300
of his scanty salary. With this goodly
sum in his pocket he sought social
recreation on the Barbary Coast and
found it in a Pacific-street dance hall.
There he saw and was Immediately
smitten by the matured charms of.
Sarah. Without insisting upon the for
mal introduction that in some other cir
cles of society is considered an essen
tial preliminary - to the proper fore
gathering of strangers. Miss Martin
permitted herself to be addressed col
loquially by the gentleman from Han
ford. In her defense it may be pleaded
that his weird dialect left her in doubt
as to what he was saying when he
asked her to accept liquid refreshments
at his expense, but such a plea must
collapse before the fact that- she un
hesitatingly imbibed the beverage
when he handed it to her. It has also
been proven by the undisputed testi
mony of persons among those present
that Steven and Sarah did not dance,
but nosed as wall flowers and sipped
arcient spirits until they departed from
the temple of Terpsichore in the small
hours of morning.
What happened after that is known
only to Steven and Sarah, but prob
ably will be disclosed to-day with the
aid of an interpreter, in search of whom
the city is now being scoured.
Cavalry at Ord Barracks
to Spend Summer Months
in the Yosemite Valley
Argument in Land Fraud
Case Is Nearing an End
After Three Days' Debate
Appointment as "a General
Manager '. Confirmed Here
by Julius ' Kruttschnitt
Native of Poland Tries to Narrate How a Barbary
Coast Siren Robbed Him, but Neither His Own
Language Nor His Weird English Is Understood
PARK'S DETAIL
IS ASSIGNED
HEACOCK WILL
DECIDE TO-DAY
MOHLER JOINS
UNION PACIFIC
STRANGE DIALECT BAFFLES
MOGAN'S CORPS OF EXPERTS
••¦•¦ ¦¦•-¦¦¦ ¦'• -f rKHgtfflBCTip^gmfffi^ "¦ ¦ - ' *~ ?»a^ip:
THE .SAN WEDNESDAY. MARCH / 30, 1904.
Justice of the Peace Daniels yester
day gave Judgment In favor of M
Joost, who was sued by Thomas JIc-
Gee for the value of a horse that was
Injured while in the defendant's sta
ble. The evidence disclosed that the
horse was not injured through Joost's
negligence
16
Of the Steamer J. D. Peters Has
Recovered.
Captain
Holdsworth
The Jno. J. Fulton Co. of 409 Washing-
ton St.. San Francisco, annoif nces to the
•world the discovery of cures for ,Dia-
bctes. Bright's and Chronic Kidney Dis-
eases. These diseases, heretofore con-
sidered incurable, now yield in about 87
per cent of ail cases. If your kidney dis-
ease is chronic (more than a few months
old) it Is Bright's Disease and is Incura-
ble by anything known except Fulton's
Renal Compound. At all first-class drug-
gists In this cityl Send for pamphlet
and list of Coast and Eastern agents.
. "In fee- simple, put me down *s know-
"ing: by my own and others' experience
"that you have a cure for Brighfs DJfc-
"ease. And I believe the only one on
"earth."
"I also told an engineer <a Mr. Swajj)
"who is at the Hayes-street carhouse of
"your Compound. He, too, is well go
"and see him. . -. ,. ¦ . .. -
"One of my family was told by a
"friend of an acquaintance whef had a se-
••ver«- case of Bright's Disease. She took
"the address and telephoned him. lie
"thanked her and began with the Com-
pound. Five weeks thereafter he called
"her up to say that he was recoveriftg
"and to thank her. •
FEW people are better known in Cali-
fornia to the traveling public than
Captain Thomas Holdsworth of the fast
Stockton steamer J. D. Peters. His many
friends will be delighted tp know, that
n!» case of Brlghfs Disease has gradu-
ally yielded • to the Fulton Compound
and that he is again in fine health. And
not only that, a friend of the. Captain
profited by his experience and also recov-
ered. The Captain very kindly permits
us to quote the following 6tatcment:
"I had one of the best physicians in
"this city, but the treatment was without
•'results. I had heavy albumen, the usual
"heart trouble, etc. — fn.fact, a very bad
"case of Brigbt's Disease, I cannot
'easily find words to ccnyeythe estimate
"1 have of yotir Renal ' Compound for
"Bright's Disease. I am well — let o any
"one hunt me up at_the steamer Peters
"hundreds will verify :ny statement c as
"to my bettered condition. o °.
JNO. J. FtJLTOK CO.
<Og^ YOU WEAR 9
4§pr GLASSES •
'Are they voothing and remtful? Do they xf-
lieTe the strain, blurring and tirtng of the eye* •
If not, use G«>. Mayerle's Antiseptic Eye»!as*
vipers— 15c. '1 for 25c. Orman Eyewater by
mail, 62c. Makes weak eyes strong. s<>r» eye*
well. GEO. MATERUE. German Export Op-
tician, 1071 MARKET ST.. 3. W. 'J
Colored
Dress Fabries
This week ws will have another SDecial
opening of NEW. COLORED DRESS GOODS for
Spring wear. We call special attention to the
following- new weaves and makes. These are
in all the latest colorings and shades.
ii> 1 flfl ( "French Twine Etamlnes," "Wool Batiste,"
a ] IChIffon Voile," "French Wool Poplins"
M^ayara ( an a "strlpad FancB Voile."
(t> 1 25 ( "Ftoured Samite," "Fieur de Velour,"
trli a ) " Two Tone(1 Etamlne," "Creps Popllne,"
VjJiyara ( «oiffon Samite" and "Lattice Twine Cloth."
.d> i 5fl ( " Frenc:n Etamlnes," "French Voiles,"
.ral a ) " Pame c repes," "Chiffon Voile," lf Panns
M^»y ar 9 ( chiffon" and "Chiffon Cloth."
4~* i\f\ ( "Crep3 de Paris," "French Samite, 1 '
7h 9 . \ "FancoEtamlnss 11 and "imported French
qj^yard ( Tweels .,,
We have also opened up the past week a
large shipment of GENUINE ENGLISH SICIL-
IANS and BRILLIANTINES, in colors, cream
and black. Also a nice line of striped and
. ' Prices 50C to $1,50 card.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
m t 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
®|l|pp> the shoes that are <ci||ipi
lllllpf worn by thebest gowned
Illp? women in the leading cities d||jp
;>*|i|p^ of this country ana abroad £5|||sjte
Kq||||K We are now showing the c^§^p
>^^^L latest creations m this
SOROSIS SHOE PARLOR ROYAL SHOE CO.
216 Post Si 50 Third St.
Send for Latest Catalogue.
__—^
for Double Sixe
MATTRESS
Guaranteed to be made of pure
0 Java 8llk Floss. Th« acme of
• comfort — smooth and . elastic.
Superior In every way to Curled
Hair Mattresses. This is iden-
tically the kind of mattress usu-
•°Jill3' sold for $10.00 to $12.00.
a We sell on liberal cash or
credit systems. . :. ''
• Qall early and get one of tho
Mattresses. -We've other -\
good things to offer also. ¦
A, B, SMITH GO.
1S3-132 3Z.I.IS STSSST,
Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.
1 ' .'/-.' " . " i
° . .4
jL> Candies '
f 1 Chocolates W |
\ Bonbons Ji
Given Away Free \
Wltk •
Teas, Coffees, Spices 1 1
/ Baking Powder ;
It Pays to i
;% Trade at ;
Great American Importing Tea Co's ¦
Stores \
861 Market 210 Grant *?. 1419 PoTk
140 Sixth 1819 Devisadero 705 Larkin
475 Haizht 3006 Sixteenth S55 Hayee ¦
32SS Mission £21 Montff'y »v«. 62 Market
2008 FUhnow 2518 Mission 146 Ninth
3M Third 2732 *nh 469 FourthH