SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY; MARCH 14, 1904
War News Continued on Pajre 2.
REPORT OF MURDER OF
D. W. LABARKE CONFIRMED
Board of Forrlsn Missions Receives
Cable From Persia Announcing
Clergyman's Deatli.
NEW YORK, March 12. — The Pres
byterian Board of Foreign Missions to
day received by cable confirmation. of
the news of the murder of the Rev.
Benjamin W. Labarre near Kohoi,
f»erria. He was the son of the Rev.
Cenjamtn Labarre. also a minister of
Persia. The I^abaxre who was mur
dered was born in Urumia, Persia,
thirty-four years ago. He was ap
pointed a missionary In 1393 and
leaves a wifo and 'two children. Mrs.
Labarre Is a daughter of the Rev. Dr.
Scheuffler, now of Cleveland and for
many years a missionary in Turkey.
BERLIN, March 13.— The Morgen
Post claims to have trustworthy infor
mation to. the effect that the Russian
Government is negotiating for the pur
chase."of "the steamship Kaiser Fried
erich, III, which was built by the late
Ferdinand •Schichau. of Elbing for the
North . German : Lloyd line, but which
cannot, meet., the speed ; requirements.
The paper J says'- the negotiations for
the sale are nearly completed and that
Russia intends to transform the steam
ship-into an 'auxiliary cruiser.
Rnssia May-Buy Bljr Uner.
Military Still Make Arrests.
CRIPPLE. CREEK. Colo.. March 13.—
Although martial law was suspended
In this district more than a month ago,
the military is still exercising its
powers, as is evidenced in the arrest
o f Peter Calderwood and his confine
ment in the bullpen. The arrest arose
from an alleged violation of the law
concerning the desecration of tha
American flag.
Ryan is of the opinion that W J
I3ryan will be a factor in the conven- J
t!on. but that he will be reasonable and
conservative. The convention will not
reaffirm the St. L>ouis platform. Ryan
believes, for there are enough live is
sues without taking: up the free coin
age of silver. He thinks the issue win
be the question of tariff, including the
trust cuestion.
He believes also that New York will
unite on Judge Parker and that he will
be nominated. He considers him th°
Ktronges=t man that could be put up"
He thinks that Gorman 5s practicalfy
out of the race. Mr. Cleveland will not
be nominated because he will not ac
cept the nomination, and the party is
not yet ready for Hearst
PAN JOSE, March 13.— Hon. E. T.
Hyan. member of the Denocratlc Na
tional Corr.mrttee from Wisconsin, who
u in San Jose. Bays that «e believe*?
the prospects of Democratic success in
the coming campaign are good if the
convention will unite on a conservative
Democratic policy.
ALBANY.. N. Y.. March 13.— Judge
Ylton B. Parker's nomination for the
residency by the Democratic National
invention is now regarded by hi3
'^nds as practically assured. They
P r lict It with a confidence based upon
an ntimate knowledge of the Demo
crau Eituatlon in every State in the
Ijnic -The Democratic party has an
or>poj. jn j t y" one O f t h e foremost of
Parke s managers said to-day. "I
Know . at the p art y has shown itseif
to be enable of almost anything, but
I do not think that it will commlt the
icily of i rf A.-;r.c this chance away."
Judjre L r k er } s being put forward
es the on. candidate from a pivotal
fclate who ,. n be accepted by the ex
tremes repr^^ed by supporters of
former Prcsi» nt Grover Cleveland on
one side and t ose o f Bryan and Hearst
on the other. r u<ige p a rker alone, his
friends content C an unify these dis
cordant elemenv. Take him out of
the campaign. \ ey sa y, and there
v.r. u ld be nothing » ft . The hope of vic
tory would vanish He is identified
•u-ith neither faction Regularity of his
party record cannot i* questioned. The
very fact that he has never expressed
his opinions on great questions that
have divided his party | S regarded as
an elemrnt of strength.
Special Dl*2«.tch to The OIL
Friends Say New Yorker
Will Beceive Democratic
domination for Prcsidencj r
NF*V YORK, March 13. — Details
were made known to-day of one of ths
most delicate operations for lockjaw
in the annals of surgery, and one which
has been performed rarely, if ever,
before. It was an operation that
snatched from the grave eleven-year
old John McDonough. When virtually
every other hope had failed, the boy'3
life was saved by the Injection of anti
toxin into the brain. and spinal cavity.
As a result the lad who. six weeks ago
was lylns at the poi_t of death, is to
day well and hearty as ever.
Yo"— McDonough was playing on
a lot near his home when he tripped
and fell, striking hi3 right leu against
the sharp corner (?a rock. Dr. Fran!:
H. Clark decided that the boy showed
symptoms of lockjaw. The lad was
borne to an operating table writhing in
agony. The first operation reduced the
number of spasms. The second reduced
their Intensity. The third relieved him
entirely, and to-day the boy plajr?**
with his companions.
LOCKJAW IS CURED BY
USE OF ANTITOXIN
When All Other Remedies Fail
New York Snr~con Succ-eecia
With Serum.
PARKER WILL
GET THE PLUM
LONDON, March; H. — According. to
the, St. Petersburg correspondent of , the
Daily .Telegraph, vague rumors are cur
rent ..there -that, later: ( telegrams -de-,
sc'rlbo, the bombardment of .Port Arthur
as much ; more '¦ serious; than has been
admitted • officially. Special dispatches
f romi Tokio \ and . Yinkow also • give > re-'
pbrtsV- of.? heavy >, Russian 1 casualties -at
Port i Arthur,', amounting, to forty, men
killed and 100 . wounded, ' but they > are
so* conflicting -in .details that -it. is not
wise- to give much' credence, to them.'
In a "dispatch from -Tokio 'datjsd March.
13, ; a < correspondent ; of • the Daily Tele-,
graph "says :1 that' In the .latest,
onjPort Arthur, two Russian torpedo
boat'destroyers were sunk and", great
damage *, was ;done to the docks at, Fort
San /Nicholas,' including the " explosion
of • a " powder . magazine. - Dalny is ; re
ported r", to : have- been almost entirely,
destroyed.^ Several^ guns 'there were
dismounted and the' crews of four tor-
I learn .from an authoritative, source
that'^the, Japanese bombarded Port
Arthur on, Wednesday and not on Tues
day "j at "midnight. '^It is learned from
Russian', sources that one Japanese de
stroyer ,was sunk by .electrically dis
charged mines in the .engagement ; on
Wednesday at midnight." The .Japan
ese fleet rescued- the, survivors." Many
dead j were ¦ Avashed tishore on i the % we3t
beach' at.Port Art&ur. The ..Russian
wounded .comprise artillery, ofll
cors 1 and :fprty-six soldiers,, with four
killed.-; ¦;¦¦.>,.> :. : * V . . ;
'In the bombardment of Port Arthur
on "Thursr!t.y < the Japanese attempted
to damage- the; Russian, fleet anchored
Iri-the -west- bay, but in consequence of
the .difficulty encountered in. dropping
shells * ov er the high' range of hills pro
tecting the -harbor the attempt was en
tirely .unsuccessful.
;. r r : RUMORS ;OF "DISASTER.
¦'. Replying" to' a. -rumor current- yester
day that." Port ArthurJ would be evacu
ated and that' even nbw the town was
in s flames a report received to-day from
official Russian sources advises that all
is; well and informs -aH.interested that
¦theyv; need not, be.,anxious, as :Russ!a
never will evacuate or /surrender Port
Arthur.* It is" added that the new town
is* Intact: and that only-one house has
been destroyed: by shells. * ,• .
• MANY DEAD -DRIIT ASHORE.
j FORT ARTHUR, March 13.-Evcry
thing is quiet ; here, to-day.. .
I CHJEFU. March lS.-r With a view to
: inciting the Chinese- to ¦ abandon their.
! neutrality the' Japanese have. posted in.
1 the -streets of Chefu colored placards
! showing the distraction of the Rus-j
Lslans. At/a meeting of 'the consular,
{ body, composed of the representatives
of all the powers except' the ¦ combat-;
ants, St was decided that this was un
just stntl the 'placard's were ordered
torn ¦ down immediately. The matter
was also reported to Peklns, thus put-_
ting the affair in the handsof the Chi-'
ntse. Government. - ,
A correspondent of the Times at
Tokio ; says the latest news received
there shows, that 5 the Korean coast be
tween Gensan : and Songchin is entirely
free from Russian troops.
JAPAN'S LAND 31OVE3IENTS.
Special dispatches from Port Arthur
say. there are rumors among the Chi
nese population that the projected Jap
anese .descent upon the .Liaotung
Peninsula is -imminent. The Tientsin
correspondent of the Daily » Chronicle
reports that 10,000 Japanese are near
ing Newchwang.
¦ The Times publishes a dispatch from
Seoul.- 'dated March 11. in which the
correspondent confirms previous re
ports that it is the intention of Japan
to wait, until the ice breaks up before
making l«rge disembarkations, in order
to avoid difficulties on, the road??. Trans
ports are still arriving, to make good
the deficiencies on the Seoul-Chenrulpo
line, which Jias been denuded of troops,
but some. time la likely to elapse before
any great achievement is attempted.
In a dispatch from Chefu. dated
March 12. a correspondent of the Daily
Mail describes an. inspection of Port
Arthur made on the 11th inst. from a
boat. The new city, seemed to be on
fire; three columns of smoke were
ascending from" It. The Dread Hill
fort appeared to haVe suffered severe
ly; the ' defenses, were shattered and
the earthworks torn up. No guns were
visible.' The line of forts qn the Tigers
Tail also appeared to have suffered
damage. At, sunrise no sign of life
could be seen anywhere and Port
Arthur looked like a city of death. The
torpedo-boat destroyers- inside did not
appear to have, steam up.
pedo-boats in the inside harbor are
said to have deserted^
The Yinkow " correspondent of the
Daily Mail reports that serious dis
putes occur dally between the Russian
navar.and military officers at Port
Arthur, the latter reproaching the for
mer with incomnetency and cowardice.
The, correspondent describes the float
ing of the battleship Retvlzan, and
says the dock at Port Arthur is too
small to permit of her repair. General
Stoessel (in. command at Port Arthur)
has been ordered to the Yalu, the cor
respondent concludes, and he will be
replaced by General Smirnoff. '
Special Cablcsrnm to The Call and N
",'' '¦ • " ' ';' the New York Hcrali
r York IleraW. Copyright, 1904, by
Publishing Coippany.
Captain Shojiro Asai, commanding
the flotilla of, torpedo boat destroyers
which engaged the Russian destroyers,
Is the «hero of the attack. He had only
three destroyers, but attacked six Rus
sian destroyers, ordering his craft;' to
close In .with the enemy. " He'steamed
in so close to the enemy's destroyers
that the vessels almost touched and a
desperate conflict ensued, from- which
the Russians retired badly disabled.
Engineer Minamisawa of- 'the de
stroyer Kasumi. received a' ¦ mortal
wound. Minamisawa participated in
the first torpedo attack c-n Port Arthur,
and in the attempt to "bottle" the: har-
ATTACKS SUPERIOR IX>RCE.
The closing action .was the bombard
ment of the inner-harbor. by the, Jap
anese battleships. The latter took a po
sition southwest of Port Arthur and
used only their twelve-mch guns. There
v:re twenty-four, twelve-mch gu'ns'in
the squadron of six battleships and each
gun red five rouhde,. making a total of
120 huge projectiles' that were hurled
at the city. The bombardment-.was dK
liberate and carefully calculated.' !
In order to aid in. perfecting the
firing, Admiral Togo stationed the
cruisers In a position due east of the
entrance to the harbor and at a right
angle to the battleships. The cruisers
observed the range and effect of the
firing and signaled the results and sug
gestions by wirelesf telegraphy. These
observations and reports greatly aided
the gunners in their effort to ' make
every shell count. Admiral Togo -was
unable to definitely learn the results
of the bombardment, but later, private
reports indicate that much destruction
was caused in the city, 'where a series
of.flres broke out. There also was seri
ous damage to the batteries. • '¦'. .
BATTLESHIPS IN ACTION.
TOKIO. March 13.— Official and- pri
vate reports both' indicate that Admiral
Togo's fourth attack on Port Arthur,
on March 10, was the njost effective
Eince the first assault, a month ago.
One Russian torpedo-boat destroyer
was sunk and several Russian. torpedo-,
boat destroyers were seriously' dam
aged. The fortifications and ; city rwcre
subjected to a heavy bombardment,'
lasting nearly four hours. ..The naval
bombardments of the land works have
generally been ineffective," yet • the pe
culiar topographical conditions" of .Port
Arthur make immunity from serious
loss from bombardment almost impos
sible. Admiral Togo's torpedo flotilla
opened the action, by .boldly steaming
in under the batteries, and successfully
placing a number of 'mechanical mines
at the mouth of the harbor". Following
that there was a desperate bow-to-bow
encc inter between the torpedo-boat
destroyers, in which the Japanese ap
pear to have scored, a clear victory.
Then followed a long-range duel be
tween the cruisers, \ ending in- the •' re
tirement of the Novik and Bayari, the
only Russians engaged.. } .„, : ; :
"Our other flptilla while leaving the
harbor entrance observed two Russian
torpedo-boats: coming from seaward
and immediately engaged them, the
battle lasting one hour. After causing
them severe damage one of them effect
ed its escape, ' but our .; destroyer, ,; the
Sasanami, : captured : the other boat,
which proved to be the, Stereguschtchi.
Notwithstanding the land batteries
pouring a heavy fire on our flotilla, the
captured vessel was -'takenin tow.'
Owing to thVhigh sea the. tow line soon
parted' and the Sasanami found : it
tj«-<-..s.sary to take the crew from the
RUSSIAN CR£\V CAPTURED.
"Our fire greatly damaged the Rus
sian • ships," one of which was badly
crippled by a shot through the, boilers,
and another was observed to be on fire.
So. close -were the two flotillas to each
other that our destroyers, the Asashio,
the Kasumi and the Akatsuki, nearly
touched the enemy's ships and our
crews could even hear the cries of
agony of the wounded men on them.
We sustained some damage and ;ioss.
The, Akatsuki had a steam pipe broken
and' four stokers were killed thereby.
Our loss was seven killed and eight
wounded. Among the latter is Chief
Engineer Minamisawa of the Kasumi.
'Our squadron, as "prearranged, at
tacked the enemy at Port Arthur on
March 10. Our two,, torpedo flotillas*
reached^ the mouth of the harbor at
Port Arthur afl o'clockon the morning
of the' 10th. Finding no enemy and
waiting until dawn, one flotilla engaged
in sinking special mines In the harbor
entrance. Notwithstanding the enemy's
fire. our, Uotilla* succeeded in sinking the
mines. The other flotilla met the en
emy's torpedo flotilla, consisting of six
boats, in the Laqthieshan channel;
south of. Port Arthur, at 4:30 p'clock:
A hot engagement occurred at close
range for, thirty minutes. The enemy
then took flight. -
TOGO SENDS DETAILS.
'Admiral Togo's report of the attack
is as follows:^ " ¦ ' A ¦
The latest reports place the Japanese
loss at nine killed, five seriously wound
ed-and seventeen slightly wounded.
The Japanese fleet was not damaged
in the fighting. , .
Rear Admirals Dewa and Uriu par-'
ticipated in the operations under Ad
miral Togo, the details of which be
came known in Japan only to-day and
created intense enthusiasm. Admiral
Togo's, report came last night, but it
was withhold until shown to the JJm
peror. .Admiral Togo is ' permanently
numbered among the heroes of the em
pire. - ' ¦.:>. ' . ' » , ...... ¦ :¦}¦¦ f,".-j ¦
hor by sinking commercial steam ships, j
He was commended both times for his
gallantry, j -. .
The Japanese flotilla which sank the
miri$s at the mouth- of the harbor later. I
erigagod tuo Russian destroyers. This;
llotilla w.aa commanded by Commander j
M. Tschuehiya. . ", . : \
. Admiral Togo's object in sending <
cruisers to Dalny Bay wag to encom
pass the" destruction of a signal station 1
mine depot on Samshan.tao. This object j
was accomplished and the buildings |
were demolished. .
. Marquis. Ito had ani audience, with "the
Mikado yesterday-and, was given a let
ter for the Emperor of 'Korea and; final
personal regarding- , his
mission. .;• r 1 ** ."'--. r'-".'., ; . ' ' ; - ¦ - .< • .
Japanese bonds : have .fallen iin Lon
don 7 to 8 per. 1 cent belowj Tokio quota
tions. . The 1 r; wide.* variation j-is- unac
counted . for,;butv possiblyj due -to ,'¦ the
difference > of ! the, holders. '.'; In -London
the majority ; of :^ the 1 bonds are in ¦ the
hands- of ; bankers,'; who "1 are naturally
timid in :time ; of war, while I in>,Tokiq
the. bondholders "are Japanese, 1 who are
exceedingly." confident -as -to: the'out
come of the < war.'*- . • I
Marquis- 1 to," accompanied by a/num
erous suite, departed for Korea at noori
to-day. He is going to Kobe byspecial
train and" will proceed to Chemulpo on
a speciar steamer,. probably the Hong
kong Maru." Despite a driving storm'of
soft snowja large assemblage,- including
members ''\dt .*'.',the~ { Government, -com
manders ofy the ; army and. navy, ='and
high officials, gathered > at ' Shinbashl
station to bid him farewell. There "was
an enthusiastic . demonstration ' when
the traintleft.-. ' . „ , 1 :¦:•*::
It is reported: that a Japanese 'cav
alry patrol engaged a party of; Russian
scouts near.Kasan,.west of Anju,' yes
terday. The. Russians numbered thirty.
Confirmation ''of: the report, however, is
not obtainable. . ' ' " , . . * ¦
SCOUTING 'PARTIES CLASH.
"Our sciuadron -stopped flrinpf at* 2
o'clock and .returned .to ?the! rendez
vous." - * '•• ¦ ' -.¦¦¦' . ¦ ¦ '. .¦: ;, . • ;
"The Russian, torpedo boat-destroy
er damaged in th 9 third attack on. Port
Arthur was found to be the Wnushlter-
Inuy, which had been completely sunk,
the mast:only being visible above the
water. ¦ \ ' -
"Our mainland cruiser squadrons ar- r
rived olT Port Arthur at 8 o'clock and
the eruioers immediately advanced to
ward the harbor entrance to protect the
torp»>do flotilla. ..-.The-- main squadron
advanced n?ar ¦- Luot hits-hair. •¦ and*
opened an indirect cannonade" against
the inner harbor from 10 o'clock, to
1:40 o'clock*. -According to the obser-;
vat ion made, by one .of our- cruiser3
facing the cvtranco. the bombardment
was remarkably effective. During bur
cannonade (he enemy's lup.d .^batteries
fired, - but \ none of our ships suffered
any damage.*-.,: : , : .-• '-¦¦:¦ 1
"Another, .cruiser, squadron went to
Talienwan (Dalny) and bombarded* the
enemy's fortress on Samshantao. dam
aging the buildings thereon". -
¦' "The cruisers Takasago and Chihaya
reconnoitered'^thc .west coast- of - the
Port Arthur peninsula, but did not find
the enemy. -• - -. - \ - - -. • . ,
"The enemy's cruisers, the Novik and
thc.LJayan. steanu'dout of the entrance
of the harbor toward us, but.' observing
the approach of our cruiser squadron.'
retired to the harbo'r. Our- flotilla suf-|
fered'some damage, hut not heavy." The'
Sasanami ; J»nd the Akatstiki had 'two
sailors killed ; and i sub-Liautenant
Shima of the Ak-itsuki arid three sail
ors were .wounded... , • •¦ ¦ ' •• . '
Russian boat and abandoned the Ktere
glKschtchi, which linally sank at -10:30
o'clock. ... , . . -, ¦'*¦. . "; . ¦ - r ¦¦¦..-¦' '¦ ¦ }
Consular Body in Chefu Teaches Re
spect for China's Neutrality.
Admiral Togo Rescues the Crew of a Russian Torpedo
Boat Sunk by the Fire of His Guns.
COSSACKS BIDDING FAREWELL. TO RELATIVES AND FRIENDS AT
"\ OMSK. RUSSIA, BEFORE ENTRAINING FOR THE LONG JOUR
. XEYTO THE FAR EASTERN WAR DISTRICT.
~\7TNKpW, March 12. — When the Japanese -again bombarded Port Arthur oil Thursday * • -
J- morning thc.hczv "town -a'ds badly damaged. Forty persons zvcr'c. killed 'and %\ '$o)xuoitndcd!' |
The Rctvizan was hit five 'times and had twenty casualties. The' forts engaged y the encmyj;^
vcho retired zrithout loss. The Retvizan has been floated and is nozv in cast basin*. Russian rein- ¦ k
i forcements are arriving here. Guns and other artillery have 'been put into yplact'ancL'an attack .ij>
: believed to. be imminent as soon as the river is reopened by' the m\ it in? of ice: : ' '
(Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright,. 1904, by the,: New .York Herald Publishing Cqnipanjr,
i ?. ¦.-.¦-¦"".¦¦ ' •..•.*.-"• ."l ; ¦"> . •;¦•- - ¦¦; "-¦-- : - •• - ¦ ?-.•••- •¦• •;¦:, '-¦ ¦•¦.,. "t '.. '"¦¦::¦ >.' --":¦ " - v^* ?- T -';.v» r : -?• *, "??¦¦,'¦?¦
The autopsy showed that the course
of the bullet was downward. Indicating
that Cummings had been shot while
in a kneeling attitude with his hands
raised above his head, the assassin
standing over him when he fired.
The warrants issued to-night charge
the accused with the general crime of
felony. Cowan is in the Hakersneld
jail.
Albert Irwin and Fred Fry, railroad
employes, testified that a boy, appar
ently a tramp, informed them Friday
that the negro, Cummings, assaulted
him with a pistol and committed a
serious effense. The negro appeared a
minute later and was then putting a
pistol In hi3 pocket. An ofticer was
called, but the boy disappeared.
There is not a scintilla of evidence
against the negro, who denied the
charge and gave a perfectly straight
account of himself and his actions.
The remains of the murdered man lay
all day in the anteroom of the jail.
A heavy crowbar used to pry open the
jail door, a railroad lantern bearing the
stamp of the Southern Pacific Company
and a can of lubricating oil stand by
the side of the corpse. •',
The officers believe they have a good
case against the suspected Iyncher3
and expect to secure their conviction.
Several witnesses testified that
Cowen went to his lodging-house, got
a rifle and left, after making a remark,
about "having some fun with a nigger."
MOJAVE, March IS. — A rerdlct by
the coroner's jury holding James
Cowen responsible for the alleged
murder of James Cummings, the negro
prisoner who was put to death by a
mob; the arrest of C. O'Neil and J.
Clancy this evening and the issuance
of warrants for two others axe the de
velopments to-day in the Mojave lynch
ing of Friday. -¦':'¦•!-
The coroner's jury examined wit
nesses for four hours to-day. Several
witnesses appeared to be very reluct
ant to testlty and one, William- Jones,
a hostler, acknowledged that he had
received warnings not to tell what he
knew.
Sp«cial Dlcpttcb to The Call.
"Eight years ago Heidermeier and I
went to Janesville. V.'is., to rob a train
and hid our dynamite alongside the
Hack. A trackwalker or railway de
tective came upon us and asked what
¦we were doing: there. I shot him and
we threw his body into Rock River.
The other man whom I killed I had
done criminal work with in Michigan.
I met him a.t Camp. Goldfield. Col.,
¦when Xeidermeier and I were there last
fall. He knew too much about me and
I killed him and left his body lying in
the Buburbs of the camp. Both these
crimes can be verified by the police."
"Besides John B. Johnson, killed at j
the car barn; Detective Quinn. killed j
at the time of my. arrest, and Otto j
Bauder. whom Roeski is preneraliy sup- j
posed to have killed, I have killed two t
ether trifn.
CHICAGO, March 18.— Gustav Marx.
one of the three car barn bandits now
tinder sentence of death, declared in a
confession made to-day that he was one
of the three men who held up the Chi
cago and Northwestern express train,
near DekaJb, four years ago. The
crime, which has passed into history
as one of the most desperate ever com
mitted in or about Chicago, has never
been fastened upon any one.
Marx raya both his confederates in
the robbery are dead and he refuses to
give their names. One of them, he de
clares, "died with his boots on." The
railway authorities admitted a loss of
1102,000 by the robbery.
Marx says the robbers secured only
SS.OCO, the rest of the money having
b«en destroyed by the explosion of dy
namite used to crack the safe. In a
E<">rt of foot note to this startling con
f* EFK-n Marx admits the killing of five
men in his career.
€ne-of Chicago's Conykted Car-Bam
Bandits Says That He Is Guilty
of Many Murders.
Evidence at Inquest Tends to Show
That Unfortunate Negro Was In
nocent of Crime Charged.
Coroner Investigates tbe
Murder ol Prisoner
Commings.
Admits Having Taken Part
in Several Daring Train j
Robberies. '
Warrants Are Issued
for Arrest of
Suspects.
Thug Under Sentence
of Death Boasts
oi Crimes.
LYNCIERS
ARE TO BE
PROSECUTED
CONFESSES
KILLING OF
FIVE MEN
JAPANESE WARSHIPS INFLICT GREAT DAMAGE UPON PORT ARTHUR
AND THE RUSSIAN FLEET DURING BOMBARDMENT AND SEA BATTLE
,«— »/ THE VEATHEE.
if
Torccaot made at Baa rran
cisco for thirty hours ending:
mianiffht. March 14 1
San Francisco and vicinity-
Cloudy Monday; probably show
ers; fresh southwest wind.
o. h. wiLLsoar.
Ziocal rorecaster.
TBS THEATXKS, t •
Alcaiar— "Parsifal."
Calif oral* — -The ;* Old Mill
Stream."
Central — "Sluunns O'Brien.** ' . .
Colnmbla— "Tae SUver Slipper."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Fischer's — "The Bounders."
Lyric Hall— "The East Coast.'*
Orphenm — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "The Gypsy Baron."
VOLUME XCV— NO. 105.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallPEKING, March 13. — Private Chi
nese reports that are being , received
here state that the whole of Manchuria
is in a state of 'titter; confusion, owing
tothe Russians having \ seized all food
supplies and other commissariat neces
sities. The natives are streaming south
toward the .ports and are suffering
great hardships. The late* military
governor at Kirin has committed sui
cide, owing to his inability to relieve
the people's distress or stop the Rus
sian depredations.' ¦
The reports that- have been circulated
regarding a Russian force occupying
Kalgan are : untrue. Moreover, the
Russian garrison at Urga has been
reduced to thirty men.
RUSSIANS SEIZE
ALL FOOD SUPPLIES
IN MANCHURIA
ST. PETERSBURG, March 14.—
"From a political point of view the
United States has gocd reason to fear
that the hostile nature of- American
and British behavior will force Russia
to throw. herself into the arms of Ger
many," says the Soyet,"ln commenting
on the attitude of the United States.
"It is known that military circles in
the United States are convinced that
their next war will be with Germany.
They recall the Venezuelan blockade.
If the German fleet had been sufficient
ly strong at that time, war would have
broken out between Germany and the
United States. Germany' drew back,
but she has not renounced 'her world
policy nor her cherished designs on
weak South American republics.
"Concerning the furtively whispered
story of a treaty between Germany and
Russia, it may be simply stated that It
is untrue; but, on the other hand, there
will be nothing to wonder at when
Americans come to think of it, If for her
friendly services in the. present circum
stances Germany should also bargain
for". Russia's I services . in the J event * of
her war with the United States.
. "Bismarck, • in ; directing hostilities
agaihst Russia and organizing a coali
tion' againstr -France, established a
Franco-Russian alliance, and America
may do' a similar thing if it imitates
Bismarck's policy."
SAYS AMERICA'S
NEXT WAR WILL BE
WITH GERMANY
All is quiet at Port Arthur and Vladi
vostok. There are no Japanese troops
anywhere In Manchuria and only small
patrols of the enemy are to be seen in
Northern Korea. • :
The fifteenth army corps at' Moscow
and the tenth army corps at Kharkoff
will start for Far East in a few days.
After the war these two corps will re
turn to their stations, but the other
troops that are already in the Orient
will remain permanently In the Asiatic
provinces. ( ; ,
The circulation here of an untrue re
port to the effect that the Washington
Cabipet has decided to support the pro
test of the commander of the United
States gunboat Helena, now at New
chwang, against the action of the Rus
sian authorities in sinking Chinese
junks in the channel of the Liao River,
and that Washington would notify
Russia that the neutrality of New
chwang must be respected, has created
something of a flurry.
The Novoe Vremya makes this the
subject of an editorial entitled "More
Ameripan Meddling," in which it is
ccntended that as Newchwang is with
in Manchuria and is only six miles from
the railroad to Port Arthur, "Russia has
a perfect right to take defensive meas
ures there, and that unless the United
States is seeking a cause for a quarrel
It would not insist upon supporting the
protest of the commander. Fortunately
a denial of this story reached here to
night in time to head oft what might
haveproved a fresh cause of irritation.
ST. PETERSBURG," March 13.— A
telegram received here from General
Zhlinsky, General Kuropatkin's chief of
staff, says that, according to reports
published in Korean newspapers, 18,0p0
Japanese have landed at Chenampho,
Korea, and are marching to Pingyang.
Five hundred Japanese are said to have
landed at Kienghueng, on the north
.east coast of Korea.
CANARD EXCITES
RUSSIANS AGAINST
THE UNITED STATES
• The press is assured by a high au
thority that all official telegrams al
ways have been. given out accurately,
in so far as their sense was concerned,
and in most cases textually, although
occasionally words have been changed
where the original words were subject
to misconstruction. For instance, in
one case the words "the enemy was at
our heels" were altered to read "the
enemy was behind us," lest the' official
language should give the ignorant
the impression that the Russians were
flying before the Japanese.
Even the habitual critics of the Gov
ernment have been astonished at the
manner in which the authorities are
taking the people into their confidence
in the war, and this policy of fair deal
ing would seem to be uniting the na
tion as never before in her history.
General Kuropatklri's open warning
to the people, in his speech to the.Mu
nicipal Council, not to expect too much
at first; but to exercise patience, is an
evidence of the frankness with which
the people are being treated. The ut
terances of the general on that occas
ion were commended" warmly by the
press as much better than-. glittering
promises which might not be redeemed.
The Emperor and the Empress and
their children sppnt to-day at Tsar
koye Selo and went sleigh riding in the
park. To-morrow the imperial family
will resume its fast, the fourth week
in Lent, like the first and last, being
rigorously observed.
It was an appeal to the sentimental
side of the Russian character which
has been more than justified. Hitherto
the Government has considered it un
wise to give the people information
freely at critical moments and the
result was that the people, being pe's
simistic, were often inclined to imagine
things to be much worse than they
really were. ,
ST. PETERSBURG, March 13.—
The confidence displayed by the Rus
sian people in the reports of the Gov
ernment on the progress of the fighting
in the Far East, which is one of the
most notable features in Russia of the
war, has thus far been largely due to
an entire change-of policy Instituted by
the Emperor some time ago with the
abolition of the censorship on foreign
newspaper, dispatches. This abolition
was followed, when the war broke out,
by the Emperor's decision to make
public, as fully as possible, all reports
regarding the war in the the belief
that the loyalty of his subjects would
be only strengthened by acquainting
them with the truth in victory or de
feat.
NEW YORK, March 13.— That Eng
land is sending not a few of her army
officers to the Far East is apparent to
any one who scans the passenger lists
of incoming steamships, and much
speculation is aroused thereby. It was
only two weeks ago that General Wil
liam Nicholson, chief of the intelligence
department of the British War Office,
passed through New York on his way
to Tokio, accompanied by Lieutenant
Colonel Haldane as his aid. The des
tination of several British officers who
have since landed here has been- the
same.
On the steamship St. Paul of the
American line, which arrived to-day,
was Colonel Apsley Smith of the Royal
Field Artillery, who, beyond admitting
that he was going to Tokio, would not
discuss his mission. He is accompa
f nied by Mrs. Smith. MaJ[. Sitwell of the
British army was another passenger
on the St. Paul.
Lieutenant G. H. Betton-Foster. of
the Royal Artillery and Lieutenant F.
S. G. Piggott of the Royal Engineers,
who had among their baggage a com
plete field equipment, were among the
passengers on the Umbria of the Cu
nard line, arriving here this morning.
Both are under orders to report to
General Nicholson in Tokio.
Hon. Florence Cloborne, who was a
passenger on the St. Paul, is going to
Tokio to engage in^ Red Cross work
with the Japanese army in the field.
Prince Nashlmoto of Japan, who is
related to the imperial family and who
is hastening back to his country to take
the field, arrived to-day on the' Umbria.
The Prince, who is traveling incognito,
came under the name of "Mr. Nagai"
and registered at the Holland House
under one of his titles. Count Tada.
The Prince is a captain in the in
fantry of the Imperial Guards and for
the past year has been studying the
French language in Paris. Accompany
ing the Prince was Major Yamaue of
the general staff and Captain Inouye
of the infantry, who also have been
studying in Paris.
The Prince and his companions will
sail from Vancouver on March 24.
Special Dteratch to Th« Call
RUSSIAN PEOPLE
NOT MISINFORMED
BY GOVERNMENT
PARIS, March 14.— "It is almost cer
tain," telegraphs 'the. St. Petersburg
correspondent of. Gil Bias, "that the
Emperor will assume command of the
troops in the Far Bast after the first
important engagement."
From other Russian sources it is
learned that the Czar appears to have
definitely made, up his mind to go to
the fr.ont.
It is affirmed in Paris that Prince
Itchijo, naval attache to the Japanese
legation, will leave France shortly as a
result pt a conference between Foreign
Minister Delcasse and Japanese Min
ister Motono on the subject of the Mar
tin treason case. Martin is now under
arrest. He was employed in the Min
istry of Marine and is said to have at
tempted to sell French naval secrets to
the Japanese Minister. It is alleged
that Martin also sold important official
documents to an Italian ' attache, whor
since has been recalled; . V '
Riots have occurred at Tszechau and
Lunwan, along the line of the Beleian
Railroad in the Southern part of Shansl
province. A Frenchman named Perlon
has. been captured by a mob and fears
are entertained for his safety. -Roma,
an Italian, fought his way out of the
same mob. It is reported that twenty
foreigners employed along the railroad
are in danger.
Information from an official who was
an eye-witness of 'the bombardment of
Port Arthur on Wednesday and Thurs-*
day is to the effect that the Russians
had twenty-flve killed on the .battle
ship Sevastopol, twenty on the Retvi
zan and twenty in the town. .The Rus
sians claim . to have sunk a Japanese
cruiser..
The Russians assert that their dam
aged cruisers have been repaired and
are ready for sea. The battleship
Cesarevitch will be ready shortly. There
is no dock there capable of taking in
the Retvizan. . %
The Russians are preparing for the
defense of Newchwang, finding it im
•possible to stop the landing of the Jap
anese. . ' .
The. action of Vice Admiral Makaroff
on the cruiser Novik in taking a por
tion of -the .fleet. but of. the harbor on
Friday morning appealed to the pat
riotism and excited the admiration of
the garrison.
The food supply of Port Arthur is
reported to be about normal, though it
is necessary to govern prices by ordi
nance. Three merchants have been
punished for raising prices. The French
caviare restaurants and the Russian
cafe' - chantant are running and the
naval band plays in the park? daily.
Replying to the inquiry of the com
mander of a- foreign gunboat at New
chwang, the civil administrator charac
terized the report of Russia's intention
to ' block the Laio River by sinking
junks as calumnies.
The latest report from Fungwang
cheng, brought by a courier of the
regular native courier service, who left
that place on March 8, states that thera
were no Japanese there or in that vi
cinity. Therefore the reports of en
counters at the outposts there must be
discredited.
LOSSES OF THE RUSSIANS.
A Russian refugee who arrived here
to-day throws valuable additional .light
on the bombardment of Port Arthur
last Thursday. # He says that the &t
tack was intende'd for the forts, but the
Japanese* fire overreached. There was
small destruction, and the casualties
were not numerous. Twenty soldiers
and two civilians were killed and three
civilians injured. Colonel Vershlnin,
Governor of Port Arthur, was slightly
wounded. The ."Japanese used 300 or
400 Russian shells, which they found
on the captured transport Manchuria.
The refugee says only four Japanese
cruisers were actively engaged, i The
forts replied with several shots, when
ever the Japanese left the cover of the
Laothieshan ' promontory.. Besides the
Retvizan, the .battleship Petropolavsk
received slight damage from ashot.
DARING OF MAKAROEF.
TIENTSIN, March 13.— An uncon
firmed report has reached here that
Port Arthur has fallen.
War News Continued on Page 5,
Columns 4, 5 and 6.
BLAGOVESTCHE>»*SK. Eastern Si
beria, March 13.— The convicts em
ployed on the Amur railroad have of
fered to turn over 10 per cent, of their
earnings to the Red Cros3 Society.
Convicts to Aid Red Cross.
Each Atlantic Liner Brings
Army Men on Way
to Japan.
Decides to Take* Com
mand of Slav Legions
in the Far East.
Eye-Witnesses Differ in
Accounts of the
Fighting.
PORT SAID. March 13.— The Russian
cruiser Dmitri Donskoi has stopped
several vessels at sea. including the
North German Lloyd liner Stuttgart.
and demanded to know their destina
tion. She fired across the bows* of the
British steamship Mortlake at a point
twelve miles north of Damietta (thirty
one miles northwest of Port Said) and
sent officers on board to inspect the
ship's papers.
Russians Stop Lloyd Liner.
GREAT BRITAIN
SENDING MANY
OFFICERS EAST
RUSSIAN RULER
WILL LEAD HIS
FIGHTING MEN
GIVE VARYING
STATEMENTS OF
RUSSIAN LOSS
VIENNA. March 13.— Reports have
been received here from Sofia, Bulgaria,
that revolutionary circles are stirred up
In consequence of the attitude of the
Sultan on the gendarmerie question,
and it is believed that the revolutionists
are prepared for a new outbreak. The
Zontcheff party has directed its sup
porters to commence the collection of
arms and money, and the internal or
gan has sent messages to Macedonia
to ascertain what preparations for a
fresh campaign are being made.
No open revolution is expected be
cause of the presence of a large Turk
ish force, but activity on the part of
the revolutionary bands soon may be
evidenced.
It was not until Baron Rosen and his
establishment left Tokio this evening
that anything like dicourtesy was at
tempted and then it was sharply re-
When the head of the column halt
ed all those behind stopped also, and
there was no crowding forward. Each
seemed perfectly willing to wait pa
tiently for his turn to stand before the
gate and cheer. When those at the
head had cheered enough to satisfy
them for a while they moved on.
When the next section stopped those
in the lead waited also. There was no
hurry anywhere, no crowding and
pushing. It was a fine, clear, starlit
night, dark enough to give full effect
to the lantern display, which was very
fine. All over the spacious grounds in
front of the palace there were lanterns
carried by persons who did not care
to join the marching column, and the
great mass of them, with those in the
column, was like a multitude of giant
fireflies swayed about by a gently
moving breeze.
Only the students had attempted to
make more show than by the use of
lanterns. They, had rigged up. a few
transparencies.* About these there
was the only pushing along • the
column. The outsiders were so anx
ious to get close enough to read the
inscriptions that the boys were unable
to hold their transparencies against
the rush.' So they employed a couple
of stout wrestlers for each transpar
ency, and after that the- crowd might
Fhove as it would with no damage to
the display. A few banners -with long
inscriptions were also carried?
It took nearly two hours for all the
paraders to cheer themselves out In
front of the palace, for ther^ were three
or four thousand of them. When they
finally got away they went down to the
Navy Department and repeated the
performance. But here they were not
so slow. Perhaps their throats were
tired with yelling, ifrom the Navy
Department the procession broke up,
the paraders going away in little
groups, as they had come, scattering
through the streets back to their
homes, but still carrying their lanterns
and still with a husky cheer at the
slightest provocation. It was after
midnight before the grounds around
the department buildings were cleared
of the lantern bearers.
I During all this demonstration the
Russian legation, which is close to the
Navy Department, was dark. There
was no sign of a demonstration from
any of the paraders or others about
the legation buildings. To be sure, the
police were keeping sharp lookout to
prevent any show of disturbance, but
there was no occasion for! their inter
ference, i - ..... ~ '"
At the gate in front of the Imperial
Palace the head of the procession halt
ed. The paraders pressed against the
gate and the railings that guard the
moat and cheered and waved their
lanterns frantically. From thefjalace
there was no sign that any one within
knew anything of what was going on.
The building itself could not be distin
guished in the dark from the gate, but
that did not diminish the enthusiasm
of the marchers in the least.
MARCH TO THE PALACE.
At that hcur, wherever one went
I about the city, little groups of men and
boys, and even women and children,
were seen hurrying along to the meet
ing place. They carried for the most
part gay lanterns of bamboo and paper,
all decorated with red lines or figures
! on the white paper. These were sus
pended from lc-ng, slender strips of
bamboo, so that they were swung over
the heads of those who carried them
and bobbed back and forth as the peo
ple walked. • ?
"OLD GLORY" BORNE ALOFT.
Now and then flags were carried with
the lanterns, for the most part the
white flag with red ball center which
is the national flag of Japan, but some
times the rising sun banner of the army
and navy. Occasionally also a Union
Jack or the Stars and Stripes showed
where some marchers appreciated the
friendship of Great Britain and ' the
United States.
And now, too, there were cheers. I
had begun to think the Japanese had
forgotten how to cheer, but the ban
zais that went up last night were more
than enough to remove that suspicion.
Even the children showed that they
could yell as well as their elders. The
crowd rushing through the streets met
every ricksha with banzais, and the
foreigner who looked like an American
or an Englishman was followed where
ever tie went by plenty of cheers.
By 7 o'clock Hibiya Park was crowd
ed with paraders. The students of the
military and naval schools were out en
masse, and they carried torches instead
of lanterns. Two or three band's had
been engaged also and' songs had been
improvised for the occasion. In a re
markably orderly fashion the proces
sion was formed at the park and began
to march toward the grbunds of the
Imperial Palace.
There was no attempt at regular or
ganization, but of their own accord and
as suited them best the people fell in
in a very good column and marched
along. Part of the time it was column
of fours, sometimes more and some
times fewer. They marched When they
felt like it and stopped when they
pleased to cheer or sing.
On the flanks of the column hung
throngs of men and women who were
not carrying lanterns or torches, but
who proceeded with the column and
were in fact part of it. Mounted po
licemen, carrying red and white lan
terns, rode along with the column, but
there was no occasion for the display
of their authority. The crowd was
good natiired and orderly throughout.
1 1 ing their bells and making a great fuss.
; Toklo was really making a. very un-
{ j usual demonstration of her feelings,
, and there were plenty of signs of ex
1 citement. But merely as a demonstra
tion it. was nothing at all to one who
I has seen Xew York or London under
! similar circumstances. A regiment
; I going to State camp causes almost as
, J much commotion in New York, and if
, ! Company H of Binghamton were
ordered out on strike duty, there would
1 be much more show of excitement in
j the Parlor City. It was not. in fact, th*
: ! show of feeling itself that made it note-
I worthy, but that it was shown. It was
! the contrast to the awesome quiet of
, ; the preceding days that made It sug
gestive.
There was no organization about the
demonstration that followed. One of
; j the newspaper extras suggested that
: something of that sort ought to be
done, but no committee was appointed,
and there was nothing formal about it.
; It was simply the spontaneous ebulli
tion of spirits, a truly -popular show
of jubilation. The word went around
about midday that there would be a
demonstration, and of their own accord
. the people began to gather at Hibiya
Park about dusk.
BY OSCAR KING DAVIS.
TOXIO. Feb. 11.— The pall of solemn
secrecy that has been hanging over the
Japanese capital for more than a month
vas lifted yesterday, and a ray of real
enthusiasm broke through.
A great change came over Tokio. The
stoics dropped their masks and re
waled themselves as human beings
With human emotions, subject to
human excitement. They came out of
their shells and gathered in the streets
tind talked and laughed and cheered
and acted just as any other people
vould who have received news of a
great naval victory over a powerful en
tmy. Their joy was real and infectious
and they exhibited it with spirit and
dignity.
iiut the contrast to the silence and
repression of the previous days was all
the more remarkable. That period of
waiting had almost fitted me to believe
that the Japanese would go through
the entire war with owl-like, unbroken
placidity, no matter what they won,
but now 1 am ready to admit that they
can give way to popular feeling when
the emergency arises*
It was all started by the receipt of
reports from the main squadron of the
navy, under Admiral Togo, to the ef
fect that a battle had been fought off
Port Arthur and a great victory Avon.
For a day or two there had been
i utnurs tr.at something interesting was
going on or about to happen. It was
known that the squadron had left
base bo. where it had been for so long,
but only guesses were heard as to iis
destination.
NEWS 1HK1LLS THE CITY.
The secrecy that had prevailed took
en «n added character. It became al
most breathless. Then, on the evening
ct the fth. suddenly, from no particular
I'oint but everywhere at once, the word
came that there had been a tight at
Chernuii'.o and that the Japanese had
won. " Tne iiussians had lost two ships,
une ot them the fine new American
built cruiser Variag, the other the little
gunboat Koreitz.
A little ripple of enthusiasm started
on a cautious round ot the city, and,
meeting with a friendly reception, suc
ceeded in inducing others to come out
so that by midnight there was a fair
fchow of interested excittment, and the
He-count of the engagement had grown
to the to-be-expected proportions.
Then came the big news yesterday
morning. The Japanese squadron had
come up to Fort Arthur and found the
liussian ships outside the harbor. In
the darkness of midnight the Japanese
lurptdo boats had sneaked into the en
trance of the harbor, getting behind the
Kussiun ships. Then Togo's fighting
line closed in.
The Russians endeavored to retire
into the harbor and were met in the
mouth hy the torpedoes. Three were
destroyed at once, the flagship Czar
evitch, the first-class American-built
battleship Retvizan and the big cruiser
Pallada. The Russians drew off to
wait for daylight, leaving the Japanese
in possession of the entrance to the
harbor. There the report left Togo,
standing between the Russian, and his
base and defying the enemy to come
on.
It was beautiful strategy, that of this
report, for it left the Japanese admiral
eaying to the Russian. "It is either you
or I now." If it were true, it meant
that the Japanese had cleared the Rus
eians from the sea at the first encoun
ter, and v.ere free to do their will un
interfered with in the matter of landing
troops.
There was no definite authority for
thle report. The naval authorities at
the department maintained their silence
and simply replied to all questioning
that there had been no report from
Admiral Togo. Still, every man you
met assured you that it was an abso
lute fact, and details were promptly
forthcoming.
The Jiji Shimpo. which has the repu
tation of being the most reliable news
paper of Tokio, got out an extra, say
ing that the information had -been re
ceived by a "certain department" from
a reliable source, which might have
meant anything. But there was
enough' for the people to go on.
FIJVGS FLAMED EVERYWHERE.
Flags appeared as if by magic all
around the city. In the streets there
were long double lines of them hang
ing: from the windows of the shops and
dwellings. Some of the more excitable
of the people carried little ones about,
arid many wore them In buttonhole or
hatband. The soldiers of the reserve,
who now flock about the streets, had
no question for the accuracy and re
liability of the news. They accepted
Jt eagerly and congratulated one an
other vigorously.
Thf-n. about noon, came certain con
firmation of the fact that there had
been a fight. The captain of a British
ehip reported at Chefoo that on leaving
Port Arthur he had seen two squad
rons at it, and that the Russians had
ioft two battleships and a cruiser.
The undemonstrative Japanese let
thomselves go after that. Word went
around that there would be a lantern
and torchlight procession in the even
ing, and the flags multiplied them
relvcs. The wild men, who peddle
extras, dashed about the streets, clang-
The Temps' has published an inter
view with Kurino, the late Japanese
Minister to Russia, who is quoted as
saying that there is no doubt the Jap
anese Government decided to sever dip
lomatic relations with Russia on Janu
ary 31, when, in answer to repeated In
quiries, Count Lamsdorf, the Russian
Foreign Minister, informed Kurino that
the Czar had not yet reached a decision
v/lth regard to th« reply of Russia to
the latest Japanese note.
In response to a question Kurino said
he did not believe the report that Baron
Hayashi, the Japanese , Minister to
Great Britain, had endeavored to force
a rupture between Japan and Russia.
The only thing responsible for the rup
ture, he said, was the anxiety caused
by Russia's prolonged' silence. •
The news that! the Russian reply had
been sent too late to affect the situa
tion-was published on the evening of
February 4 and the instructions of
Kurino to break off relations with Rus
sia reached him on the morning of Feb
ruary 5.
Discussing the events that led up to
the breaking out of hostilities Kurino
said that Russia had not sufficiently
appreciated the state of popular feel
ing in Japan, and moreover, although
the peaceful disposition of the Czar
and Count Lamsdorff was -not ques
tioned, the spirit of the Russian mil
itary authorities in the Far East was
rot peaceful.
Kurino said he believed that Viceroy
"Their attacks are audacious, but al
ways ineffective," he said. "The bom
bardments are always of the same
fashion at about the same hour, of
about the same duration and in full
daylight. Their strategy lacks va
riety. This probably is due to the
comparative youthfulness of the Japan
ese navy organization.
"It is noticeable that Admiral Maka
roff's report says that he hoisted his
flag on the Novik, which had been rep
resented as out of commission from
damages, and it is also notable that he
says our ships are ready to resume the
struggle. With Admiral Makaroff com
manding we expect sharp, aggressive
action."
Pierre Gifford, writing to the Matin
from Port Dalny, graphically describes
the country and the conditions. While
traveling from the north he saw oceans
of snow stretching oft in every direction,
suggesting, terrible hardships endured
during the' military concentration now
going on. Below Mukden the snow had
almost disappeared and the plains were
being cultivated by the Chinese.
Martin, the non-commissioned offi
cer accused of having disposed of
French naval secrets to a Japanese na
val attache, was lengthily interrogated
yesterday. The proceedings were se
cret. The magistrate in charge of the
case has summoned the general staff to
testify on Monday. The staff is serious
ly concerned over the document Martin
obtained. In the investigation he indi
cated that general instructions for war
times were among those documents. ¦
WHY JAPAN BEGAN WAR.
The Petit Parislenne published a dis
pa.tch from St. Petersburg this morning
saying that a Russian squadron, com
posed of the battleships Oslabya,
Almaz and Alexander III., the cruisers
Dmitri Donskoi and Aurora and a
number of torpedo-boats and sub
marine vessels will go to the Far Eas,t
in May. Two submarine vessels are
being constructed at Port Arthur, the
correspondent continues, and six are
being built on the Neva.
According to the St. Petersburg cor
respondent of the Echo de Paris. Gen
eral Poulivanoff, manager of the
Russky Invalid of St. Petersburg, said
in an interview that Russia was pre
pared to make every sacrifice to pun
ish the Japanese and had not underes
timated the enemy, whose fighting
qualities undoubtedly were consider
able. The general expected serious
fighting on the Yalu River within a
week.
The Russian naval attache here,
commenting on the Port Arthur bom
bardment of March 10, points out the
similarity of the four Japanese attacks
— destroyers by night and bombard
ments by day.
XO CHANGE IN TACTICS.
SQUADRON TO BE SENT.
The suggestion comes from one of
the most prominent railroad men, who
probably has the largest railroad deal
ings with Russia of any American.
During a recent visit here he called at
the American Embassy and other of
ficial quarters. In the course of hi3
visit he strongly urged that France
and the United States, by reason of the
international friendships toward the
two belligerents, were especially quali
fied to initiate a peace movement
The suggestion was entirely unoffi
cial and formal; but, nevertheless, it
was expected that it would prove a
germ for official action. However, no
such official action is likely at the pres
ent time, as it is the accepted view of
the- French and American authorities
that neither of the belligerents would
listen to any peace overtures.
PARIS, March 13.— The informal sug
gestion that France and the United
States act Jointly as peacemakers In
the Far Eastern war has been made
within the last week and, although the
officials consider that any peace over
tures would be futile at the present
stage of the conflict, yet the suggestion
leads to the belief In very high quar
ters that France and the United States
will become the peacemakers.
PARIS, March 14.— The Figaro this
morning prints an Interview with a
person of much importance in the dip
lomatic world who declares that al
though the recent rumors of probable
mediation between Russia and Japan
are premature, the positive denials of
these rumors are equally baseless.
-, "I can assure you," this person says,
"that, favored by the comparative calm
which prevails at this moment, a most
acute change of views is going on be
tween European cabinets.
"The chancellories have begun to
play the part of 'international firemen';
in other words, they are trying to re
strict the spread of the conflagration
and to protect adjoining states."
After referring to the wild rumors
that have been circulated of late, the
Informant of the Figaro said in con
clusion:
"One thing remains. certain, namely,
the new and striking affirmation of
the close friendship uniting Nicholas
II and King Edward VII. Everywhere
peace is desired and governments are
working for it with all their strength.
"China Is not a source of danger.
The Empress and court hate Japan.
The treaty of Shimonoseki has not
been forgotten and, moreover, the race
question in Asia has not the import
ance which Europe attributes to it."
AWAIT OPPORTUNE MOMENT.
REVOLUTIONISTS
IN BULGARIA ARE
EAGER FOR WAR
Alexieff personally had not wished for
war, but that he had come to regarj
it as inevitable, which was a poor wa>
of preventing it.
During the six months preceding tne
outbreak. Kurino concluded, diplomats
had been forced to a second place in
the negotiations, in whlcft the military
element had predominated.
War Correspondent of The Call Describes
Scene Following First Port
Arthur Fight.
No Action to Be Taken Until Belligerent Na
; tions Show Disposition to Welcome
Friendly Offices.
Vice Admiral Togo's report to Toklo of his bombardment on Thursday and - the ' accompanying sea
fight proves the engagement ,to have been one of the most desperate in which the warships have taken
part. Great courage was displayed on both sides, especially in the close-range work of the torpedo craft,
and there is no doubt serious damage was inflicted upon both the town and the Russian fighting craft in
side the liarbor. The vice admiral's report 'contradicts the reports from the Russian side.
As predicted by The Call at the time, the report that a Japanese army had landed at Ant ting, defeated
a Russian force and .captured Fungwangcheng,' appears, to' haVe been entirely unfounded. Xo Japanese
have appeared between the Yalu River aijd the Manchurian Railroad, according to advices from various
points in the vicinity. It appeared incredible that the Japanese should seize a position between two
strong forces of Russians, thus subjecting themselves to the danger of a combined .attack that might mean
their annihilation.
The consular body at Chefu, comprising the representatives of the non-combatant powers, has given
n practical hint that the neutrality of China must be respected. Japanese placards Inciting the Chinese
against ¦ the Russians were torn down by the Consuls and the attention of the Peking Government called to
the ii flair.
Sinister influences are still at work in an endeavor to embroil . the American*- and Russian Govern
ments. A false report cabled to Russia, to the effect that the United States had determined to declare the
neutrality of Xewchwang, now held by Russian troops and which is, of great strategical importance, be
cause of its proximity to the Manchurian Railroad,' caused much excitement in tlie Czar's capital. The
canard was quickly denied, but not before the irritable Russian press had launched a broadside of denun
ciation at this Government for its alleged medtllingl
Comment lias been aroused by the arrival on each incoming -Atlantic liner of British army officers
en route to Japan. As the number of military attaches each nation is permitted to send with the armies of
either combatant is limited, there is speculatlon.'as to the mission of the many British' officers who are
hurrying to the front. . •. . ' . •"" ;V : - :. ' . " .¦¦;•*-.
.General Kuropatkin, the Russian commander in chief, is now on his way to the Far East. Important
land operations are expected to follow closely his 'arrival, at the scene of strife. r'.
The report gained currency in the Far East yesterday that the Russians' had decided.to evacuate Port
Arthur. From Toklo Shanghai heard that the evacuation practically had taken place and that the town
tvns in flames. The Russians were prompt to denv the report, adding that Port Arthur was not evacu
ated and would not be under any circumstances. From Port Arthur itself last night came the brief mes
sage: "All is quiet here." That the rumor is baseless is evident, not even the most enthusiastic pro-Jap
anese here or abroad appearing to give the slightest credence to it. •;•-,•
EPITOME OF THE SPECIAL WAR DISPATCHES TO THE CALL.
TOKIO EMERGES FROM SOLEMNITY
TO CELEBRATE A NAVAL VICTORY
AMERICA AND FRANCE MAY MOVE
FOR PEACE AT OPPORTUNE TIME
CZAR NICHOLAS APPEARS DETERMINED TO LEAD RUSSIAN LAND FORCES AGAINST THE JAPANESE FOE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY- MARCH 14, 1004.
Japan has in school one in every nine
of her pupils of school age; Russia one
in every forty. .
. The Central Pacific and Western Pa
cific i railroads owe the United States
$32,340,993 and interest, less amount due
for transportation.
pressed. . There had been an oppor
tunity for the Russian Minister to leave
Tokioby a British ship earlier In the
week, but he had not desired to take
it, preferring to wait for a French
ship which sails from Yokohama to
morrow.
2
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
ANSraiTHONESTLY
Are the . Statements of San Franciaco
Citizens J9Tot Mere Sellable Than
Those of Utter Strangers?
This is a vital question.
It Is fraught with interest to San
Francisco.
It permits of only one answer.
It cannot be evaded or ignored."
A San Francisco citizen speaks here. |
Speaks for the welfare of San Frail-
cisco.
• A citizen's statement lo reliable;
An utter stranger's doubtful.
Home proof is the best proof.
Andrew Dahl. 'longshoreman, of 20
Federal street, says: "When a man has
had backache for four or five years, some
of th«» attacks being bo pronounced, par-
ticularly when he caught cold, that It
wrs a difficult matter to perform a day's
¦»-ork with any degree of ease, that man
knows what backache is. I always
thought there was some medicine which
would act directly on my kidneys and
bring: relief when these attacks occurred,
but until I used Doan's Kidney Pills I
met with very little success. I just told
my wife the other night that for the last
six months my back was never In bet-
ter shape, and I attribute "the change to
th«> urp of Doan's Kidney Pills."
For sal* by all dealers. Price BO cents.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo, N. Y. t sole
ar^nts for the United States.
Rpmember the name, Doan's,"" and take
no substitute.
ADVEBTI&EMS2TTS.
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous germicide, which
allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue. Absolutely harmless.
Used and endorsed by leading
physicians everywhere.
Sold by leading druggists, or trial
bottle sent, prepaid, on receipt of
25 cents.
The genuine bears my signature
on every bottle. Address
/"^ g /%() a. ¦! I — j-61 6 Prince St.
FBS B-Ti!«mbl? BockUt an H.w U Trrai BImmm. .
Coughs
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured with Dr. Ha!-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
60c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured'
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m/
/ TJ) Perfect Fitting $1"] k
y<y Eyeglassepf'
J At Moderate ,/ost .'{\
V 642 / H^ke.tSt.
DR.PI£RCES
GOLDEN
MtDICAL
DISCOVERS
I FOR THE
BLOOaUVER.LUNGS.
MARKFT Sr'^V'Vtey
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price List* bialiai
en Application. ¦
rSESK AND SALT HEATS.
f XC RAVCC £ r*A Shipping liutchers. 103
JA3. DUIC3 g IU. day. T«L Main 1ZH-
OXZtS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD * E1XI3.
«18 Front »t.. S. F. Phon* Main 1718. _
PSHrTxrro.
E.C.HUGBES. ui *££?£>*
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money If It fails to cure.
22. W. Grove's signature la on each box. 25c «
To Cure a Cold in One-Day.Chamberlain Leaves Egrypt,
CAIRO, Egypt, March 13.— Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph Chamberlain, who . left
London February 11 for a visit to
Egypt, have started on their return
to London. Tbey are in excellent
health. '_
German Emperor Roaches Dover.
DOVER, March 13. — The North
German Lloyd steamer Koenlgen Al
bert, on Its way to the Mediterranean
with Emperor William on board, ar
rived here this afternoon. A large
crowd welcomed the Emperor, but as
the visit was unofficial no salute was
fired.
LONDON, March 13.— The Colonial
Office issued a statement to-night con
firming the explanation received from
Johannesburg to the effect that King
Edward's decision regarding the
Asiatic labor importation ordinance
will not prevent the Transvaal from
proceeding with the execution of the
ordinance forthwith, the suggested de
lay in the matter meaning only that
certain negotiations have to be com
pleted with the Chinese Government
before laborers can be shipped.
Decision of Kins Edward Will Not
Interfere With the Operation of
Xcw Ordinnnce.
MAY SHIP cpOLIES
TO SOUTH AFRICA
KANSAS CITY, March 13.— A snow-
Ftorm. at some points the most severe
of th<? winter, prevailed to-day in West
ern Missouri and Eastern Kansas. The
Fnfw b^gan '-neltins: late in the day
and will, it is br-lifvod, be of great bene
fit to winter wh^at.
Snow in Missouri and Kansas.
Cubans Entertain Americans.
HAVANA, March 13. — The members
of the American Institute of Mining
Engineers, who are touring the West
Indies, were entertained at a reception
to-day at the residence of United
States Minister Squiers. Assistant Sec
retary of State Loomis Is to leave to
morrow for Washington on the May
fiotver. ¦ . :\
HALIFAX, N. Si. March 13.— No
news having been received from the
French steamer Propatria since she left
St. Pierre Miquelon for Halifax, six
teen days ago, fears are now entertain
ed that she has met with disaster. She
should have reached this port March
2. The Propatria carried a crew of
twenty men under the command of
Captain la Fonreade and on board were
forty passengers, an unusually large
complement for this season of the year.
Among the passengers, it is said, were
a number of wealthy Parisians bound
for their homes in France.
Missinp Vessel Carried a Crew of
Twenty Men and Forty Passen
¦"ftcro * Many Were Parisians.
FEAIt FOR THE SAFETY
OF AN OVERDUE STEAMER
This kind of weather went on up to
the 10th of October, during which time
the vessel had lost nineteen sails. It
was now three weeks that the ship had
been trying to round the Horn and had
buen combating with the elements.
Captain, officers and crew were ex-
LOSES NINETEEN' SAILS.
The British chip Palls of Halladale.
Captain D. W. Thomson, arrived In
port yesterday after a terrible expe
rience on the high seas. Storms, hur
ricanes and every fury of the elements
combined against the ship as she
neared the Horn, but these were only
secondary to the disorder, confusion
and mutiny that reigned among a por
tion of the crew, headed by one of the
seamen named Thomas Mooney. For
thirty-eight days the Captain was
obliged to keep Mooney in irons before
he would resume duty and give up his
mutinous ideas.
The ship sailed from Liverpool on
July 25, bound for this port with a gen
eral cargo composed of pig iron, salt,
soda and other merchandise. The
weather was fairly smooth until Sep
tember 24, when they were off Diego
Ramirez Island, when the wind com
menced to rage and high seas set in.
Just as they were off the pitch of the
Horn, they experienced all kinds of
weather. The next day, when they
were in the Straits of Lemaire, they
sighted a four-masted baTk ashore. On
September 28 they ran into a hurricane
which seemed to come from every
point of the compass, seas continually
washing the decks of the ship with
great fury.
When we were off Cape Horn, and every man
was working night and day, with the ship
flooded with water, trying to keep the vessel
afloat, some of these mutinous men would
sneak away and hide where it was almost im
possible to find them. I am glad that we are
in port. As you will see by looking at the
ship, she has had a tough experience. Her
main royal mast, and mlzzen royal yard are
gone, havinsr been swept away t>y th« heavy
galPB Bho lias hern through.
At the height of. the fight at that place a
party of eentlemen happened to be cruising
In that locality on a pleasure yacht, and, see
ing th'at I was in distress, they came on board
my ship. When 1 informed them that eight
of my crew had refused work and were de
termined to go on shore, they went among
them and told them that the moment they set
foot In Invercargil they -would be arrested and
thrown into Jail. This seemed to pacify them
for the moment, but when the visitors lert
the ship, the men. under the leadership of
Mooney. again demanded to be al
lowed to quit the vessel and upon my refusal
they refused to go to work and went sulking
to their bunks. Therefore, there was no al
ternative for me than to put them in irons and
set sail.
SHIP BADLY DAMAGED.
ley W. Bryant, John Hardy, John Aus
nig, Andrew Ellison, Thomas Mooney
and B. Williams. The captain then or
dered the anchor to be weighed. This
was no easy matter, for the reason that
the c-ther members of the crew sym
pathized to some extent with the mu
tinous element. After forcible persua
sion on the captain's part, with the
help of the other officers, the ship
finally got under way, headed for this
port. The second day out from Inver
cargll the mutinous crew, with the ex
ception of Mooney, promised to go to
work and were consequently released.
The rest of the voyage was practically
uneventful. On March 1 the British
ship Naiad was sighted and a further
supply of provisions was obtained from
her.
Captain Thomas, in speaking of the
trip, said:
I have been goiiiK to sea for a great many
years and this was one of the most tem
pestous voyages I have rver experienced. The
rtorms off Cape Horn were of terrible vio
lence and for three weeks we were almost
practically at the mrrcy of the terrible suc
cession of hurricanes we ran Into. Of course
the vpsspI must have suffered from the ter
rific strain she was laboring under, and from
the terrible seas that kept pounding on her
decks. It Is Impossible for me to state any
thing about the cargo, but naturally It must bfi
moro or less In a damaged condition. We have
a quantity of salt in sacks on board and this,
of course, has suffered. The Foda must also
be damaged. The experience st Invercargil
was a bitter one, end ii whs a hard fight for
me to keen the crew in order.
Even then the mutinous part of the
crew refused to go to work, so the cap
tain was compelled to put in irons
Fred Jaoehansan, Gus Lawson, Stan-
Another sea struck-the ship and car
ried away the' standard compass, so
the captain was obliged to steer by
boats compass. The hatch tarpaulins
were washed overboard. The seas were
running mountains high, the weather
was intensely cold, and the air was
filled with blinding snow. To relieve
the vessel, which was straining heavily,
oil was poured on the sea. All hands
were up to their necks in water. Grog
was served every two hours In order to
keep the crew at work. By this time
fresh water on board was going short,
and the crew commenced to show signs
of becoming mutinous. The weather
had abated somewhat and the captain
decided to- run for Foveaux Straits, and
on January 1 came to anchor off Inver
cargil, New Zealand. Here eight of
the crew broke into open mutiny, re
fused to work and demanded to be al
lowed to go on shore and quit the ship.
Mooney was the ringleader of the gang
and was practically the inciter of the
others in the rebellion. The steamer
Teresa Ward came out from shore,
which was about thirteen miles dis
tant and brought a supply of fresh
water and Jrovisions.
PUTS MEN IN IKONS.
hausted. It was decided to hold a con
sultation, with the result that the ship
was put about and headed east, with
the view of rounding the Cape of Good
Hope. While the consultation was go
ing on a great sea struck the vessel
and the fore and the aft bridges were
smashed to pieces, as though they were
a bunch of matches.
BRITISH SHIP THAT REACHED PORT YESTERDAY AFTER BATTLING WITH STORMS WHILE MUTINEERS
TROD HER DECKS, MASTER OF THE VESSEL THAT FINALLY CONQUERED THE BELLIGERENTS,
AND GROUP PICTURE OF THE MEN THAT MUST ANSWER FOR THEIR OFFENSE.
The bill making appropriations for
\h<~ support of the military academy
will follow the Postoffico bill, and it
may be that both of these measures
will be disposed of this week.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— An ex
tended explanation undoubtedly will
occur in the early consideration of the
Postoflice appropriation bill, which will
be called up Monday by Chairman
Overstreet. There are few local mat
ters on the calendar, and Babcock will
abdicate in favor of the Postoffice bill.
The necessity which many members of
the House feel of having the Congres
sional Record contain statements in
explanation of their alleged misconduct
with the Postoffice Department In re-
Kard to clerk hire, allowances and rent
of Postofrice quarters, has caused the
managers of the House to adopt a most
liberal policy with reference to the gen
eral debate in Postoffice bills. When
the statements are all out of the way
the bill will be disposed of and not
before.
Members Afc Anxious to Have Their
Conduct Explained in Congres
sional Record.
DISCUSSION" LIBERAL
ON POSTOFFICE BILL
SAN DIEGO, March 13.— In a letter
received by Secretary Wood of the
Chamber of Commerce from Senator
Perkins, it is stated that the Senator
has the explicit promise of the Navy
Department that the naval coaling sta
tion planned for this harbor shall be
among the first constructed. The appro
priation for the construction cf naval
coaling stations is contained in the reg
ular naval bill without any mention as
to the location. It is for that reason
that the promise made to the Senator
becomes Important.
The same letter brings the informa
tion that Admiral Converse has al
ready given orders that an officer and
five men from Mare Island proceed
hither with a steam launch for the pur
pose of commencing the necessary pre
liminary survey of the proposed site.
The bill which provides for the re
moval of the quarantine station from
the naval reservation and appropriates
$200,000 therefor is expected to pass the
House this coming week. ' It has al
ready passed theJSenate and ls recom
mended by committee of the House.
Senator Perkins Is Assured That the
Enterprise Will Be One of First
Put Through.
SAN DIEGO WILIj GET
COALING STATION AT ONCE
a willingness to meet the American
University people and consider the pro
ject. The National University officers
are favorable. It is entirely probable
that within the next few months such
:; meeting of the different interests will
be had. It Is suggested by friends of
the combination plan that a merger
would retain at least one of the strong
features of each of the chief institu
tions and would give much greater
financial strength. The union plan
chiefly, however. Is for the establish
ment of the real university post-grad
uate "work.
WASHINGTON. March 12.— A plan
has been suggested to unite the Colum
bian. American and National univer
sities of the District of Columbia, to
form the nucleus of a great university
at the capital city. The trustees of the
American University, with its endow
ment of over J2.000.000 and its wide tract
of ground in the northwestern suburbs,
have discussed the project. Bishop
MeCabe, head of the university, has
spoken favorably of the idea. Presi
dent Needham of the Columbian Uni
versity and ajiumber of the other offi
cers of that institution have expressed
Proposition Is Made to Unite Three
Great Institutions of District
of Columbia.
DISCUSSING PROJECT OF
NATIONAL, UNIVERSITY
"It Is true that I was born of Mor
mon parents," he said. "My father was
Bishop Rawllns, but I have never af
filiated with the church since I was a
child. "When I was 8 years old I was
baptized according to the Mormon cus
tom, but was never active In church
work. At 18 years I went to college,
attending the University of Indiana.
Already I had begun to doubt seriously
the doctrines. After I went there and
came in contact with other thought I
scon became convinced of the falsity
of the doctrines and have been ever
since. At one time I was called on
officially with the demand to know
whether I was a Mormon. I replied
emphatically that I was not."
•'We might have set the East on fire
had we cared to tell all we know about
rolygamy," said Mrs. Emma Matthews
of Marysvale, -Utah, one of the wit
nesses in the Smoot Investigation, who
returned last night from Washington
with her daughter, Mrs. Mabel Ken
nedy.
"You did not tell all you know,
then?" was asked.
"No, indeed. We simply answered
the auestlons that were asked us."
Mrs. Matthews declined to reveal
what she knew of polygamy, on the
ground that it might prove embarrass
ing to some of her particular friends.
In an interview Senator Ra.wlins ex
plained further his past connection
with the Mormon church.
Hon. J. C. Burrows. United States Senate,
Washington: Judge Hlles' statement that I
am a member of the Mormon church Is un
qualifiedly false. I do not believe any of its
doctrines, dogmas or revelations. Have no af
filiation with it. Buch Is my attitude in pub
lic Rn<? Drivate for thirty year*. Oiv» thl»
publicity in your proceed lnsrs.
J. L. RAWLJNS.
SALT LAKE, Utah, March 13.—¥t>r
mer United States Senator Joseph I*
Rawllns to-day sent the following dia
patch to Chairman Burrows of the
Smoot investigation committee, rela
tive to the testimony of Judge Ogden
lilies of this city before the committee
yesterday:
Bishop Raphael ranks as the Bishop
of Brooklyn and second prelate in the
Aleutian diocese.
Previous to the reading of the gos
pels, the nominated Bishop knelt
while the Bishops placed their hands
<>n his head and invoked the Holy
<jhost to descend and bless him.
:ind Bishop Innocent of Alaska, at
tired in robes heavy with grold and
silver designs in needlework, and
wearing their mitres of sold studded
with jewels, sat together upon a.
throne faring the altar. To the right,
representing the Czar, hrad of the
« hurch, were A. X. Bobroff, secretary
of the Imperial Russian Embassy, and
Count Nicholas de Lodygensky, Con
sul General at New York.
At least 2000 -worshipers jammed
the building so that with Siie heat of
hundreds of burning tapers three
women tainted just before the actual
consecration of the new Bishop.
Bishop Tikhon of North America
ance with the decision of the Holy
Synod at St. Petersburg, a third
bishop was added to day to the Rus
sian Orthodox Church in America
when Raphael Hawawony, pastor of
the Syrian Arabic Church of St. Nich
olas of Brooklyn, became Bishop Ra
]>hael, the first of his faith to be con
secrated in America.
NEW YORK, March IS— In accord-
Witness Declares That She
Did Not Testify to All
She Knew About Polygamy
Prelate Will Be Assigned
to Brooklyn and Bahks
Second in Aleutian Diocese
DOUBTS ITS DOCTRINES
SERVICE IS ELABORATE
British Ship Falls of Halladale Copes With Fury of Ele
ments and Sedition Aboard on Long Journey From
British Isles and Crawls Into This Port Badly, Damaged
Former Senator Says State
ment That He Is a Member
of Mormon Church Is False
Kaphael Hawawony Conse
crated at First Ceremony
of Kind Held in America
CZAR APPOINTS
NEW BISHOP
RAWLINS MAKES
STRONG DENIAL
MUTINY AND RAGING TEMPESTS LEND
TERROR TO VOYAGE OF FOUR-MASTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', MONDAY, MARCH U, 1904.
ST. LOUIS. March 13.— St. Louis is to have
a Woman'8 Hall of Fame. The proposed In
stitution, which promises to rival in interest
and scope New York Hall of Illustrious Men,
will be established in the Women's building at
the lair. • . ;.
"WASHINGTON, March 13.— Senator
Tillman is reported to be very much
Improved to-night and the confident
expectation is expressed that he will
be able to leave the city for the South
during the present .week for a period of
recuperation. The marked improve
ment is due to the relief experienced
from the la'neins of another abscess.
Senator Tillnian Is Improving.
Slaps Out Xcw Route to the Yukon.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 13.— A
new railway line to the Yukon is map
ped out by the charter sought from
Parliament by the Boundary, Kam
loops and Cariboo Central Railway
Ccrmpany. The route is from a point
near Midway, thence northwesterly by
the most feasible route to Okanagon
Lake a^nd Grand Prairie; thence nor
therly to Kamloops; thence northerly
by way of the Valley of the North
Thompson River, through Cariboo to
Nechaco River, by Fraser Lake, via
Hazelton on the Skeena and on to the
confluence of the Hootelinqua and Yu
kon rivers in the Yukon Territory.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No Pain
Is so severe that it cannot be relieved
with Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills.
It is the only infallible remedy known
for the relief and cure of every kind of
pain, headache from any cause.', neural-
gia., rheumatic pains, backache, side-
ache, menstrual pains, muscular^ pains,
stomach ache, toothache, etc.
If you are subject to aches and pains
of any kind take
Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills
When you feel the first symptom coming
on. You will be entirely relieved from
the attack. ' They arc pleasant little tab-
lets, but they do the business — besides,
they are absolutely harriiless.
"I have used Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills
for three years, and they never fall to
relieve my nervous headache and neural-
gia. I have learned to get the best of
the' attacks by taking- a tablet in ad-
vance."— RACHEL " J. I JOHNSON, Albu-
querque. N. M. . ,
If first package does not benefit you.
tell your druggist, and he • will refund
money. 25 doses, 25 cents. Never sold
in bulk. . . . i
ror rashions Latest W or d
— there is but one magazine that can be relied upon to cover
every department of Woman's Dress, authoritatively.
And just so, Her Home is thoroughly treated of — every room in
it —^attractively, tastefully, by but one magazine!
And Her Personal Beauty is adequately and scientifically
taught — in but one magazine! t l if
Her Children, Her Social Life, Her Reading, and Her Recreations
all find fullest and most- helpful expression in but one magazme!
If you would appreciate all this,
THE APRIL NUMBER IS JUST OUT!
"¦^y :'•- Of your newsdealer or any Butterick agent, or of the publishers, at 15 cenU a copy; $1.00 • year.
; ' ' THE BUZTERIOC PUBLISHING COMPANY. Limited. Butterick Buil&jg. New Yak.
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S ant at 2
OF AHATOMY?
\ CJ? Bs L»r^eit Anatocicil Mustum in tie \
C ¦ nlra-- Uorld Weakseive* .r my couriered A
- P--ZJ fS •>!»•»« ¦••¦•••»«>'7«»r«« by the oldeit T
O i?ec:»lijt on the Com Eic 36 yean. £
A 1 \ CR. JURDAN-DISEASES OF MEN i
m I jSyil 1 Treatment prnorally or by letter. A S
\ m a Tl '•*•*'»« ft"» in eTery ease nndernken. \
A mil ilia w ri!e for Bisk. PniLe«lirDY *t A
CM T HtnUlACK. MAILED Fltll. ( A. T
A «J /J. T»!uible beok for mrn) \
¥ »B. JOBDAM St CO.. 1C51 Market St..?. F. V
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
OVAXAHTSSO OT7XE FOX UZV.
HARMLESS JJKTBOT1OV. Cures ordinary
cases in a few days. Warranted to cum
worst cases. HO OTHSS TSEATMEHT
SIQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. raEVZMTS COVTAGZOV. Harm-
less. ?2.00 for both bottles. For sals only
P. 3. XEI.I.T'8 fHABHACT, 102 Eddy.
V/U. X. HESS,
Votary Public and AttorneT-at-law.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreekeis bids.
Teieohone Main 983.
Residence. 1*02 McAllister «t.
Residence Telephone Page rail.
Uncle Sam
Has Dyspepsia
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Are a Positive and
Permanent Cure for the National
] Disease.
As a people we eat too much and th© wronr of all diseases crlj1nat# with a breaktes; down
kind of food. B«caus« it tastes good we crowd of the digestion. A weak stomach wtaktoa
the stomach with rich, unnutritious food and and impoverishes th» «yrt»m. maklnr It easy
drink. We overtax the digestive apparatus to for disease to gain a foothold,
¦uch an extent that It refuses to perform tta Nobody need fear consumption, kldn«y d»»-
duty and a conglomerate mas« of half chewed, ease, liver trouble or a weak heart and nervou*
undigested material lies In the stomach- until it system as long as the digestion Is good and the
rots, causing the formation of acids, gases and stomach able ta assimilate plenty of wholesome
ptomaines which produce the painful condition food.
which we know as dyspepsia. Thousands have some form of stomach trouble
s£3<£»-V* l J»w. and do not know it. They ascribe the headache.
F^l^>5-;'-«§9{V l^ e languor. n»rvousn?s«. Insomnia, palpitation.
Afs'^^SKfcS^ oon»tipatlon anil similar nymptoms to som» oth»r
li^r'i^W ' caus- than the- true one. O»t your digestion on
jfff^jSy&^J th ' r!sht track and the heart trouble, lung
/» ej jflfif trouble, liver dliease cr nervous debility will
* / ¦§? • ff rrf rapidly disappear.
Vjjff Nothing is more certain than that the use of
• ro-call«d tonics, stimulants and medicine*.
jt*> j^ffi^^S?^ i which d»p*nd upon alcohol for their effect, ls
///^ 7 JL^^S V*V,Wl injurious to th« health in the long run.
J«^i/ J^K^it^rJfiW**^ Many liquid patent medicine* (*ertr% their
ef'tt entirely from tho alcohol they contain.
"^WJ^S^C-^JtEtS^' Alcohol and me<!ic!r>»» rontaining It are t;m-
jt'j^jiji \ = Zw«&fc' fljp^iy porary stimulants and not in any nens* a trut
J / 'pf~itf'$UE&!jiM tonic. In fact. It- Is doubtful if any m«d!cln«
1 \ 'I i *Wj ' '~3"j^^#^_ or dru * '¦ a r ''" al tonic.
' t i ' Jl I /2S&7 '•!''CS'^bM£L A truo tonlc ls ¦«m*thinK which wil! r-new,
' : I M }flJiffly''$&J&&TWi)SL replenish, trnlld up the exhausted ntrrou* ir»-
V'l* v yXdfM/ c $ f jt5¥aBP*Y t " m and wasted tissues in the bo^y; nomethtnc
¦ l l i Jy/&s/tj * Jffl£?MP^ isl that WiI1 * nr1oh th * bl0O(1 and 'ndow It with
'f'7 \'Ws& ¦¦•J&ffl/£*i!Ftt y -'l'-Va th * rrop * r Prcport'ons of r»1 and white cor-
: ''\l Jl ilX&-jffi-'' J '-^$$r\\ % >''--'$L Puscles which prevent or destroy dl»e*se g-rms.
••'^/ ft «3l \ 1. \&^''jfr i$gl&Tt ¦•' Esl Thi * ls what a real tonic should do and no
''/>>»^ v Jpjt!*^3fv S; ||i>l| drug or alcoholic itlnuUnt will do it.
''^iVT /^j^^^V^ iSr A^LjM ' rf ' e only true tor.lc in Natur* ls wholesome
/^Ta* I /&1&^*±4L IV yW^S*a ' 0CKl thoroughly dUcst-d. Every particle of
>[ v lf //V^^^^jSi nervous energy, every minut* muscie. fiber and
\ £<*¦*^r^Kt^^wffiP^^Sin drop ot blood ls created da "y from the tood we
Sil^S^il^ l"||l a^K^^^y^ The m " ro • at ' n * °f food h « s little to do with
rMW^ltrilM 1 H 1 S ft* VV3S^ th< * re P a 'r cf waste tissue, but the perfect dl.
'\3i$ >3h ( A%V» n *\ W 8\' *\_?j5t gestlon cf the food eaten has everything to do
) Vl^^i V v^5* 'eh !**tef Th * rea * on so few people- have perfect d:g?s-
¦i$^' teH« ttM™"l * > fl " «Jii§3il l ' on ' s t!ecause fro^ wroujr habits of living th*
•IVtuR &\ Hh\v^ S Tt'i stomach has gradually lost the power to seer*!-*
?i''l*i"Il il'^n Iji fl^lySi the gastric Juice, peptones and acids in »u:3-
i.-i'i\ t*l*)l \ \V\V *"3oiffNBa T ° CUre lnd! * estion SLnA stomach troubles it
I Ril itfiTii i nQ V R Sr^^Ki. '* nece9 " ar 3' t0 take after meals some harm!-ss
Si'S'iM^y/l \ H HVMrajS&S^ preparation which will supply the natural pep-
\\> irw\tfnf\i 1 B^^^twS^V. ton * and diastas * *"!<:*> cvjry weak stomach
\\\ /¦/)£&$*[ 1 2 {H%$lfSv8«\. lacks, and probably the best preparation of this
\ * if X7 11 y 8 5 f& character la Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which
Ml Jr^ null E *•»»!' mav D * found in every drug store and -whtrh
\| n H "J \ Km 1 contain In pleasant, palatable form the whole.
I A ii\ H Be I rl I t'l \ \ I seme peptone and diastase which Nature re>
'fiSei U n n\ &9' i 1 1 « \ I quires for prompt digestion.
rafiki! tj 5 | ijJj 1 1 j 1 J One or two of these excellent Tablets taken
WjSk'tVfl u j& ' ! I I jB after meals will prevent souring, fermentation
/«§! Y ?' S[S ' - * " r%3 and ac ' dltv "H^ Insure complete digestion and
V' ' U ,8 \ \ ffJB' \ Uemx9 Stuart's Dyjpepsia. Tablets are as equally
H^>.y,$ I Jj 9t« ' • ffv/^r valuable for little children a* for adulta, as
/^^ " fife coB ! w//» tllP> contain nothing harmful or st'.mulatln?,
r^ IV Wn V* * )ut only thf^ Ra t ural digestives.
jjj lai ' k/ One of Stuart ' s Dyspepsia Tablets will digest
1 H BS^S- 1 V 1<:r " > grains of meat, eggs or other -wholesome
. a j tM*' '-> ' food, and they are in every sens* a a-enuin-
?i w 1 rSi * tonic because they bring about in the only nat-
J! k flHs' * ural way a restorative of nerve power, a bui'.ri-
L3 J llflW inp up of Ios t tissue and appetite, in the cm!y
R I m way it can be done, by the digestion and aasim-
fc|jfi3^yj Vf llatlon of wholesome food.
iCV The root cf the matter '• this - the digestive
,^ «r^fraflfflli ffsl elements contained in Ptuarfs Dyspepsia T*b-
*• iJSSffiHlVMfflBf ''t* wl " digest the fcod, give the overworkei
t^Mrffc BwBIEn > y iSSWIlBrf fctomach a chance to recuperate, and the nerves
an ' J whole system receive the nourishmsnt
which can only come from food; stimulants' and
jr *"• -c^soj nerve tonics n*>ver give real strength, they give
jL a fictitious strength, invariably followed by re.
action. Every drop cf blood, every nerve and
tissue is manufactured from our daily food.
For business men. office men and clerk, and \lt^m^o^X^l^^Lrit^^i
in fact every one engaged in sedentary or Indoor an d who i MO me a remedy as Stuart's Dyspepsia
occupations, grains, milk and vegetables, with Tabtets. you will have no need of nerve tonics
a moderate meat allowance, are much mere and sanitariums.
healthful than a heavy meat diet. Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have
'Only men engaged in severe outdoor manual *« eVr^gf^nVe 'un*. t elates! £&
labor can live on a heavy meat diet and con- da nd G^ t Brlta!n now 8e u 8 th em and con-
tinue in health. eiders them the most popular and successful of
It is a well established truth that nine-tenths any preparation for stomach trouble.
ijDVEBTISEHEirra
Pointing ®^
[p ex^e losing J •
AT CUT PRICES.
If you n*ver had me do your Developing
»nd Printing, better *»nd me In a trial or-
<5t NOW. It ¦»•:'.! result in your getting
better results than you oouJd obtain your-
self beeauae I am p«rt«ct!y equipped lor
this work— hav« everything to r.ork with
an<i «m an exprrt in this line. My price*
are an inducement, alto.
DEVELOPING.
Fusil of «ix. 10c; roll of twelve. 15c
PRINTING.
Eolio ftnich. 3c to 5c; velox finish. Sc to 6c.
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS, in all
popular eizes, at the very lowest prices.
Sla'.l Orders Pronsptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTF, The Stationer.
IOCS MARKET ST., Above PoweU St.,
San Francisco.
The grocer would be too
comfortable if all his goods
were like Schilling's Best and
backed by' the maker as they
arc*William Vickery Chase, head of the
WV V. Chase Stevedore Company,
died at his residence in this city Sat-,
urday. . Deceased was well known in
shipping circles and had a host of
friends anlong the water front. ;• His
wife, two sons and two daughters
survive him. : .¦;•;:;.:
Death of W. V. Chase.
were devoted to playlns games and then re
freshments wera served. In honcr of the oc
casion the Strelghtlf home on Berkeley way
was handsomely decorated with flowers, greens
and paper decorations. • The general color
scheme was Dink and white, these hues even
djeln« the twelve candles that decorated the
birthday cake and the cake itself. The guests
were twelve In number, being: the following
named : , Bertha Jewett. j Hattla Stedel, Martha
McLeod, Mildred Platt, Hosie . Siedel. Beatrice
Herlitz. Louise Macomber. i Frankie F&elps,
&Xaud . Wells and Hutiy Morehouse,
Investigating Accounts of Treasurer.
ST. LOUIS, March 13.— The Nation
al- Board of Directors of the Travelers'
Protective Association has suspended
from office Louis T.s La Beaume, who
for fourteen years/ has occupied jthe
position of secretary-treasurer. J. w.
McDonald, chairman of .the national
board; stated ito-nlght .that this action
was taken pending: an- investigatfon
Into * La I Beaume's accounts. ! La
Beaume is at present confined to • his
bed by illness. -
Printers Ratify Strike Settlement.
BOSTON, March 13.— The 250
striking book and job printers who
have been out for seven weeks, to-day
ratified the settlement of the strike
arranged by the union officials and to
morrow , they will apply individually
for their former positions.
PORTLAND, March 13.— According
to information received by the United
State "Weather Bureau, lower tempera
tures throughout Oregon, Washington
and Idaho have caused the snows to
cease melting, and the serious condi
tions which have prevailed generally in
the three States, have subsided.
Flood Conditions Are Improvinip:.
March 14.— The ?t. Peters
burg correspondent of the Echo' de
Paris has sent in an interview y/Ith'M.
de Wltte, the former Russian Minister
of Finance, who. denounced as infa
mous inventions' the rumors that Count
Lamsdorff is to be replaced as Minister
of Foreign Affairs. He declared that
the Minister enjoyed the full confidence
of the sovereign. De Witte said that
he himself never would return to office.
The correspondent of the Journal in St
Petersburg says that the reported
resignation of Foreign Minister Lams
dorff has been denied officially.
Tjamsrlorff Has Czar's Confidence.
• The many executions taking place
these days would give the He to the
story, had It not already been contra
dicted, that the hangman suffers pov
erty. But the court of aldermen
really does possess the record of an
appeal for increase of the hangman's
salary. Jack Ketch wrote that, as
executioner, he could get no other em
ployment; that he had to keep an as
sistant, but that hangings were so rare
as to make it impossible for him to
live. He must have compared his own
lot with that of the French hangman
in the palmy days of that official be
fore the guillotine killed this profes
sion. ."The post ia sacred here," wrote
a diarist in Paris, "and approaches the
noblesse in the right of using a sword,
and the priesthood in being proscribed
entry at all spectacles but that of the
profession. If blood unsullied . can
ennoble, then I know, of none so pure,
for a French hangman can marry
none but a French hangman's daugh
ter." Far different was it with the
Ketches of old time, as the following
record shows: Executioner's fees. 7a
6d.; stripping thebody, 4s 6d.: use of
shell 2s 6d."— St. James Gazette.
Wages 'of English Hangmen.
• BADEN, March 13. — While crossing
the railroad track at Colma Station
with a horse and cart Jast evening
Patrick Brooks, an aged pioneer of
Colma, was struck by a southbound
train of the Southern Pacific Company
and instantly killed. The horse was
also killed and the cart demolished.
Brooks was a prominent citizen, 84
years of age, and a man of consider
able wealth. The inquest will be held
at Colma to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock by Deputy Coroner E. E. Cun
ningham.
Patrick Brooks, a Wealthy Citizen,
Moots Instant Death as He Crosses
• Railroad Track.
PIONEER OF«COLMA IS
KILLED BY A TRAIN*
SHANGHAI, March 13.— The breech
blocks and other mechanism affecting
the utility of the Russian gunboat
Mandjur have been removed to the
Chinese arsenal. The Japanese in
Shanghai show considerable excitement
over the report that the Russians have
abandoned Port Arthur.
Mandjur Out of Commission.
Korean Spj- Under Arrest.
NAGASAKI, March 13.— A Korean
hai been arrested at Gensan on the
charge that he sent to Vladivostok
news regarding the movements of Ja'p
anes'e troops. Russian paper money is
being refused by the residents of
Northern Koroa.
. Al Hampton and Henry Corey, the
crack handball players, were defeated
by James Fitzgerald, the world's cham
pion, yesterday at the Olympic Club
court. Fitz played in rare form and
showed remarkable ability at the game.
Hampton and Corey ran him all over
the court, but the ' sturdy Irishman
battled every inch of the way.
Michael Egan, the Boston expert,
who is to play Fitz for the 'world's
championship a week from next Sun
day, will arrive in this city to-night.
He will finish his training at the Olym
pic Club. The seats for the match are
almost all sold. Al Hampton has the
list and reports that few seats are. left.
The pair will play for the gate receipts,
amounting to S600.
Jimmy .White and Louis Levy played
J. C. Nealon, the ex-coast champion,
and George Cunningham. Each side
took a game.
Levy 'and Corey, representing the
Olympic Club, will play Joe Condon
and John Mahoney, Occidental Club
experts, next Wednesday night. This
will be the final match between the
teams, each having captured a "rub
ber."
The scores yesterday were:
Fitzgerald ..21—10—21—18—21
Hampton and Corey .IS — 21—17—21 — 16
Neaton and Cunningham 21—18
i Levy and White 15—21
Beat Him — -Michael Egan Is
Due To-Nisht.
Hampton and Corey Are Unabje to
Railroad Laborer Found Dead.
OAKLAND. March 13.— O. R. Bates,
4E years old, a railroad laborer, was
found dead in his room at the Galindo
Hotel this morning. Bates had been ill
for some time. The Coroner took charge
of the rasp.
CHAMPION FITZGERALD
DEFEATS TWO PLAYERS
WASHINGTON. March 13.— The Sen
ate to-morrow will continue the consid
eration of the fortification bill, and when
that measure shall be disposed of will
return to the nomination of General
Leonard Wood. The Committee on
Military Affairs, however, has recom
mended an amendment to the fortifica
tion bill authorizing the purchase of a
torpedo-boat of the protector type for
experimental purposes, at a cost.- of
$250,000, and as several Senators, have
Indicated opposition to the provision It
Is expected that it will be debated at
some. length. Other features of the bill
also will receive more or less attention.
There are still several speeches to '¦ be
made on the Wood case, but Senator
Foraker, who Is in charge of the nom
ination, hopes to conclude Its considera
tion during the week. He. will make
the closing speech in support of Gen
eral Wood's confirmation. The District
of Columbia and the Indian-appropria
tion bills probably will be reported dur
ing the week and will be promptly
taken up for -action. Senator Heyburn
on Wednesday will call up the pure
food biir.v \ . ¦¦¦¦¦:
rected to Amendment and Wood
Nomination. ' >>)
Opposition of 3Iinority Will Be Di-
MAY AUTHORIZE A
XEW TORPEDO-BOAT
BERKELEY, March 13.— Dr. Lyman
Abbott, formerly pastor of the Brook
lyn Plymouth Church and at present
editor of The Outlook, will occupy the
pulpit at the First Congregational
Church on Easter Sunday, April 2. The
title of his sermon is not yet an
nounced. While in Berkeley Dr. Ab
bott will be the honored guest at a
number of functions.
Dr. Lyman Abbott to Speak.
BERKELEY, March 13.— Five hun
dred children's voices will be blended
in song at the concert to be given on
March 26 in the Greek theater at the
University of California, the object be
ing to raise money to pay for furnish
ing the juvenile room in the new Car
negie library. Rehearsals are being
held in all the public schools twice a
week now for this big affair and soon
the children will practice altogether in
the theater afternoons. Every school
is furnishing its quota of songsters, the
number training in the various. schools
being as follows:
Whittier, 100; Le Conte, 60; Lincoln,
80; McKInley, 130; San Pablo, 35; Co
lumbus, 10; Allstonway. 60; Longfellow,
60. The total is 500.
Mrs. L. V. Sweesy, supervisor of mu
sic in the schools, is directing the re
hearsals. She has selected a number
of pretty songs and given them to the
children to- practice. She goes to each
school on certain days of the week to
give them instruction. It will be her
endeavor to develop the dramatic ele
ment in the children and thus make
them feel what they are singing.' In
this way she will be able to get more
emphasis on the expression and at the
same time bring out the sentimental
side of the children's natures.
The great chorus of 500 voices will
not compose the whole show, for two
glee clubs have been formed to sing a
number of songs. One is a mixed club
of fifty voices from the McKinley
school and the other Is of the same
number from the Whittier school. These
clubs have been practicing upon a
new lot of glees that will amuse the
people.
Proceeds of Unique Affair Will Pay
for Fitting Juvenile Room In
Carnegie Library.
PUPILS IX PUBLIC SCHOOLS
REHEARSE FOR BIG CONCERT
The Associated Graduate Students will hold
the semi-annual public meeting on April 7.
when the senior class will be the special
suests. The - speakers will be Professor H.
Morse Stephens and Professor. William Carey
Jcnes. The association, acting on the invita
tion of Harvard University, Is about to be
come affiliated with the American Association
of Graduate Students. • .
The varsity team defeated the Occidental
team at basket ball in the gymnasium Friday
ni~ht by the overwhelming score of 62 to 4,
The varsity completely outclassed Us oppo
nents and did not permit them to score at all
in the last half.
The Faculty Club held its semi-annual en
tertainment Friday evening at the clubhouse.
Professor Irving Strlngham was the host for
the evening. After a supper Professor Bd
mond O'Neill related some of the incidents of
his trip around the world and G. E. Landfield
gave a dissertation on the eccentricities ot
Russian music.
The postponed Art Association lecture will
be given in Hearst Hall Wednesday night. It
vill be an illustrated lecture by Samuel Adel
steln on "The Temple of the Holy City."
Horatio Cogswell will sing two or three vocal
selections.
BERKELEY. March 13.— Pr, Richard Hen
neberry, the newly appointed professor of
Celtic language and^ literature, has announced
to President Wheeler that he will arrive at the
university In time to participate In the activ
ities: of the summer' session. . Dr. Hanneberry
promises to sive a course in Celtic literature
during the session.
The Rev. George C. Eldredje of San Fran
cisco will adaress the Young Men's Christian
Association on Tuesday evening at 7:10 o'clock
in Stiles Hall. His subject will be "The
younj: Man's Hope." . ¦
The Senate will debate the following ques
tion Tuesday evening in Stiles Hall: "Re
solved, That Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley
should be consolidated." The affirmative will
be presented by Brewer, '03, and Crane, '03;
the negative by Evans, 'OC, and Shuman, , '(Hi.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The small stiiwe to-day was a bower or
green, palms and ferns being banked in the
background.
The children who represented the flowers
were appropriately costumed In different col
ors and the very excellent manner in which
they carried out the parts assigned gave evi
dence not only of their own cleverness, but of
the admirable manner in which they had been
trained. The cantata was given under the di
rection of Miss Florence Nightingale and the
children were assisted by Miss Marlon Smith,
who was the Flower Queen, and Miss May
Coogan. The. Queen's two little attendants
were ..the source of considerable amusement.
One, in Placing the crown on Miss Smith's
head, gave it several emphatic pats to make
sure It was secure, .while the other little tot.
rather doubting the reality of the rose petals
which dotted the Queen's gown, drew them to
her little nose and gave them some very audi
ble sniffs. These little asides threatened to
demoralize the actors for a moment, but other
wise everythnig went along beautifully, and
when the members of the large ; audience
wended their way home at the close of the
programme there was nothing but hearty,
praise Tor all concerned.
The programme wa» as follows:
Queen— Rose * Miss Marion Smith
Attendants — Marlon Noble and Ruby Gore.
Crown bearers — Bernice Harklnson and Helen
Heine.
Maids of honor — Olive Allen and Florence
Crandell. *
Recluse — Miss May Coogan.
Chorus of Flowers.
Recluse. ;..."..... t Miss Coogan
Rose and Lily, duet
..Miss Marlon Smith and Miss Olive Allen
Daffodil (aspirant for Queen). -
Mae Marcham. Florence Cottage
Fleur de Us (assirant for Que«n)
Callle Keifer, Marion Cottage
Heliotrope and Mignonette, duet....'.......
Kathleen Gallo, Florence Cottage,
Kdith Harding. Marlon Cottage.
Carnation (aspirant for Queen)
Alfreda Johnson, Florence Cottage
Semi-Chorus.
Violet and Lily, duet, .'. .
Florence Crandall and Olive Allen
Rose, solo Miss Marion Smith
Pansies — Bertha Reid, Initial Cottage/ Alta
' -> • ¦ • Murch, Grace Cottace.
Rose, solo. ........Miss Marion Smith
. . • > Chorus of Poppies.
.Hazel Anderson, LSeaale Lahue, Mabel Denny,
• Lilian Smith, Lenora Giles and-MU
. dred Wilson.
;• • - PART II. .
-Chorus, "Morning Song"...."
Hydrangea (aspirant for Queen
Janet Fuller, Grace Cotatge
Marguerite (aspirant for Queen)..
....Uonnle Dell Overall, Florence Cottage
"Touch-Me-Not," Solo
Sadie Lahue, Marion Cottage
Geranium Vivian Warren
Chorus, "Appeal to Recluse"..... 1
Recluse, chcoses the Rose....Mis3 May Coogran
Chorus, "Prepare We tor the Festive Scene."
In the president's' box were Miss Kthel
Moore, Mrs. W. S. Goodfellow, . Miss Marion
Goodfellow, Miss Eleanor Davenport and Mrs.
Walter Starr. In the box opposite were Mr.
and Mrs. F. M. : Smith, Mrs. l'edar ijather,
Mr. and Mrs. Dennis Searles. . The loges wero
occupied by the trustees and officers, among
whom were Mrs. C. it. Brown, first vice presi
dent; Mrs. J. K. McLean, second vice presi
dent; l>r. C. Annette- Buckel, third vice presi
dent; Mrs. It. H. ' ChamberlaJn. secretary;
Mrs. Giles H. Gray, treasurer; Miss Mary J.
Alexander. Mrs. C. R. Brown. Dr. C. Annette
Buckel, Mrs. T. L. Barker, Mrs. J. M. Brock,
Miss Anna Mae Burdge, Miss Evelyn Ellis,
Mrs. R.-.H. Chamberlain. . Mrs. Giles H. Gray,
Mrs. J. K. McLean, Miss Florence Niehtin
cale.. Mrs: F. M. Smith, Miss Charlotte Grace
Sperry, Mrs. E. M. Walsh and Miss Frances
Marlon Smith. ' . .
• The clubhouse win be formally dedicated on
March 24.
, • • . •
The enzagement Is announced of Miss Min
nie Walton, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. N.
Walton of 031 Macnolia street.* -.to*- Frank B.
Young of Denver, Colo. Mr. Young is a min
ing engineer, ' a graduate of- the Colorado
School of- Mines. : - . .
¦ ... ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦¦ . « ¦ • • ¦ ¦
BERKELEY, March. 13.— Miss Maude Oxley
and James A. Stephens were married last
e*enlns at the home of the -bride's mother,
Mrs. Emily J. Oxley of 27A0 .Grove street.. The
ceremony was performed by the Rev. Edward
L.- Parsons, rector of- St. Mark's Episcopal
Church, i The bride la -a' prominent young so
ciety woman and Mr. > Stephens is a successful
business man in San Francisco. :¦•¦• --.
Mlsg Myra I. Strelghtlf, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. J. E. Strelghtlf. entertained a num
ber pf her young friends on the twelfth anni
versary of . her birthday last evening. Miss
Streiehtlff was assisted in receiving by her
mother. .- Mils Ethel Rjrus and Mrs. J. ' D.
Hammond. The hours between 2 And A a' clock
•Men as? well :aS women . are Interested In
the, philanthropic work inaugurated by. Mr.
and Mrs. Smith, and the clubhouse has- been
fitted uu with a view to the comfort ' and
pleasure of both. . A. smokine-room in red and
old oak adjoins the library and across the
wide entrance hall, pillow-laden cozy corners
and deei\ comfortable chairs make of the re
ception-room, with Its rich brown and red, a
rtal dream of btauty and "a Joy forever."
The auditorium or lecture hair has a high
dome-shaped celling of Wue and paneled walls
of deep green and white enameled woodwork.'
OAKLAND, March 13.— A cantata, "The
Flower ' Queen," was presented yesterday by
forty children from the cottages founded by
Jtre. F. M. Smith, the beautiful new head
quarters occupied by the Home Club. The
spacious and artistic auditorium was filled
with u. brilliant and appreciative audience,
conrpoeed of members ot the club, and the
stage resembled a bt of fairyland.
This was the first entertainment of any de
scription Riven .in the clubhouse and ' was a
delightful success in every way. .The .build
ing crowns Cotaee Hill and around it the five
homes which are sheltering orr>haned girls
iivstlo on thu grass-gro.wn slopes, like somber
Jewels 1h a netting' t>f 'vivid grtcn.
"British — Break, tear, every wall and
rampart, am I called; across mountain
and Valley pierces my ball, by me
stricken."
"German — I am forsooth a clumsy
boor; who eats my eggs he'll find them
sour."
"French— The spy and the filial argu
ment of Kings."
"Indian— For the vanquishment of the
unbelievers, who have entered certain
harbors of India."
"Chinese — The martial and ever-van
quishing generalissimo."
The rotunda, of course, contains more
than guns. Practically everything per
taining to the ancient and modern war
fare of all nations, civilized and savage,
has been brought together. — London
Express.
The recent theft of six cannon from
the rotunda at Woolwich has made
known the existence of that establish
ment to thousands of Londoners who
wendered why they had never heard
of the museum of artillery, that is open
to the public all the year round without
charge of admission. On boxing day
people repaired thither by. road and rail
from all parts of the metropolis to see
the gaps made by the robbers among
the outdoor guns and to inspect the ex
hibits inside.
Lieutenant Colonel Boileau, who has
charge of the institution, was proud of
one suit of armor which eclipsed in
value anything of the sort to be seen
anywhere in London. This is the
armored figure of a knight in cap-a
pie plate armor of the early sixteenth
century, engraved, russeted and partly
gilt. The suit Is attributed to the fam
ous Chevalier Bayard and is said to
have been brought from the Chateau
St. Germains.
It is valued at £10,000 ($50,000) by the
authorities at Woolwich, and the cus
todian of the rotunda says he believes
the French government would give a
million francs to gain possession of it.
Probably the exhibit which impresses
the public mind more than any other
is Napoleon Bonaparte's traveling oven,
in which .the meals of the great cam
paigner had been cooked on many a
battlefield before Wellington cooked
Napoleon's goose at Waterloo. There
are about 20,000 exhibits in the rotunda
catalogue; but the catalogue holds
more than the rotunda. Hundreds of
guns lie around the building in the
grounds. It was thus that the thieves
were easily able to carry off six. i
The following is a typical selection
of inscriptions on the cannon in the ro
tunda:
At Woolwich Arsenal, Near London,
From Which Six Cannon AVere
Lately Stolen.
CHEVALIER BAYARD'S
COAT OF MAIL
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
BERKELEY, March 13.— President
"Wheeler of the University of California
is without a private secretary now that
Nathan Moran has resigned the office
he has held since William A. McKowen
made his famous oonfessioh in Decem
ber last. Mr. Moran has gone back to
his law studies at Hastings and in the
offices of Bishop, Wheeler & Hoesler.
leaving President Wheeler to get along
as best he may with the services of
Victor Henderson, Moran's predecessor
in that office. Henderson is now acting
secretary of the Board of Regents and
will have to arrange his time so that
he may attend to the duties of that of
fice and the president's too.
Who Mr. Moran's successor will be
depends altogether upon the action of
the Board of Regents in selecting a
permanent secretary. If Henderson is
confirmed in the office then some en
tirely new man will be selected to carry
out President Wheelers directions.
Henderson, in addition to being the act
ing secretary, was appointed land agent
for the university at the last meeting
of the Regents. This may mean that
the board is getting ready to appoint
Henderson, though Henderson himself
says there is no significance attaching
to the move.
In ease one erf the other 200 appli
cants for the position is given the place
it is likely that Henderson will resume
his former office of secretary to the
president.
Xow Dependent Upon Services
of Victor Henderson.
President Wheeler of University
XAT1IAX MORAX RESIGXS
OFFICE AS SECRETARY
HARBIN, March 13.— Harbin is
threatened with a wood and food fam
ine of the -increased prices of
these necessaries. In view of the cold
weather the scarcity of wood is seri
ous.' The price has increased ten-fold.
llurbln* Faces Fuel Famine.
"I have no privacy at all," expostu
lated the prisoner. "Every time I step
into my back yard those Littles are at
the windows."
Little was formerly a police patrbl
wagon driver.
OAKLAND, March 13. —Mrs. Lizzie
Schwitter, residing at 2208 Market
street, kept the Police Department
busy to-day and likewise kept her
neighbor, James Little, on the Jump
dodging dishpans, rollers, potsand ket
tles and the like that went hurtling
through the back windows of his house
like Japanese shells at Port Arthur.
Mrs. Schwitter objected. so Little
claims, because the Littles had win
dows in their kitchen that overlooked
the Schwitter back yard. Much con
troversy as to the rights of the Littles
to use those windows has been passing.
To-day the objectionable openings
became the targets for a bombardment
from the Schwitter domicile. The Lit
tle? were startled by a crash of glass
and resounding ring of tin pans on
their kitchen floor. Thereupon Mrs.
Schwitter was disclosed as the source
of the assault. Promptly did Kittle
reinforce himself with Toliceman
Thompson, who sent the woman to the
city prison, where she was charged
with malicious mischief. No sooner
was she released on bail than Mrs.
Pchwitter returned home and, says
Little, renewed the attack. Again were
the police called and again was "ma
licious mischief" recorded against. Mrs.
Schwitter's name.
Mrs. Lizzie SshwiUer Keeps Neigh
bors and Police Busy and Must
Answer to Two Charces.
Oakland pfflce San Francisco Call.
*ll8 Broadway. March 13.
The Peralta Heights and Boulevard
Improvement Club has opened" negotia
tions with J. If. Macdonald. purchaser
of the Fourth avenue cut-off railroad
franchise, to secure an assignment of
that right to the Oakland Transit Con
solidated, the original applicant. This
franchise was included with a franchis©
on College avenue from the 'Berkeley
town line to Broadway and Fortieth
street, all of which was bought by
Macdonald for $S500 after a spirited
bidding at last Monday night'3 meeting
of the City Council.
To a committee of the club, headed
by John Yule, Macdonald has said that
his people do not desire the Fourth
avenue franchise, but were compelled
to bid that In with the College avenue
franchise because they were included in
one application. Though Macdonald has
refused 'to say whom he represents, the
broker announced his belief that the
assignment . could bo arranged
without serious difficulty. The Per
alta Heights property owners are
very anxious that there shall be no in
terference with the Transit Company's
plans to make the new connections
with its Twelfth street line. The fran
chises which the club is trying to have
assigned will connect the old Fourth
avenue line at Newton avenue with a
reconstructed road Into Nineteenth ave
nue, thence over private lands into
First avenue and East Twelfth street.
On the face of it the franchises can
have no practical railroad building
value to any company but the Transit,
for It simnly Is a new connection be
tween parts of the system.
If the assignment shall be made the
Oakland Transit Company will begin
work at once. Kails and ties are on
the ground. In this connection F. M.
Smith has widened Fourth avenue at
his own expense, deeding a twenty-foot
strip to the city and purposing to make
the thoroughfare a handsome driveway
by planting ornamental trees and
shrubbery along the street.
SEATS AT CONVENTION"
• ' WILL. BE LIMITED
Only Accredited Representatives of
Daily Newspapers Will Be in
l*ress Stand.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— Harry S.
New of the sub-committee having
charge of the distribution of seats in
the press section of the hall In which
the National Republican Convention
will be held at Chicago, has informed
the standing committee of correspond
ents here that there will be about 125
seats for the use of the representatives
of the press. Application for seata
must be made to W. F. Stone, sergeant
at-arms, whose address is Fayette and
North streets. Baltimore. Md. It is pro
posed that none shall be admitted to
the press section except representatives
of dally newspapers duly accredited. If
arrangements can be made a separate
section will be set apart for representa
tives of weekly papers, photographers,
etc.
BOMBARDS ENEMY'S WINDOWS
WITH BROADSIDES OF PANS
Peralta Heights Property
Owners Want the Fourth
Avenue Cut-Off Operated
E. E. Laymance of the Laymance
Real Estate Company has been in Los
Angeles for the last few days. He was
elected a delegate from Bayo Vista
Tent, Knights of the Maccabees, to
the convention held in the southern
city from Wednesday, March 9. to Sat
urday, March 12.
Despite the inclemency of the weather dur
ing the last month the following sales were
made durine that time:
House and lot on Myrtle street to Mr.
Davoust: pair of flats on Filbert street to Mr.
Ruedy; lot on Albion street to Mr. Dougherty;
house and lot on Vv'asworth avenue to Mr.
Bacon: corner lot in Lorin to R. P. Dey; lOOx
100 NW Telegraph and Sycamore street?, to Mr,
James; house and lot on West street to Mr.
McCarthy; lot on Albion street to Dr. Meek;
C2xlOO on Twenty-fifth street to Mr. Murray;
NW Telegraph and Twenty-fifth streets, 60x100,
to Mr. Coakley; N Twenty-fifth, 60x100, to Mr.
Rowe; N Twenty-fifth, 40x100. to Mrs. Wyatt;
N Twenty-fifth, lot to Mr. Coakley; S Syca
more, 60x100, to Mrs. Wyatt; S. Sycamore, 40x
ICO, to Mrs. Harris: S Sycamore, 50x100, to
O. A. Lane; lot No. 57 in the * Snyder &
Montgomery Tract, to Mr. Walsh. I predict
that the real estate business is bound to share
in the prosperity that will mark Oakland's
Immediate future.
In spite of the bad weather, several
local dealers report an active week.
J. P. Hale of Hale & Company, Berke
ley, paid:
Several important sales of property in North
Berkeley have recently been made by our
office, and we have many inquiries for resi
dence property in the Scenic Park Tract, the
Wheeler Tract and Hopkins Terrace. All these
locations afford fine views of the bay and are
eagerly sought by prospective investors. From
the present outlook this year should be the
best in the history of Berkeley.
A. J. Snyder said:
VIEWS OF DEALERS.
. The Oakland Real Estate Associa
tion held Its first social meeting and
luncheon yesterday afternoon. About
thlrty-ftve members of the association
attended. A communication was re
ceived from the Press Club, inviting
the members of the association to be
the guests of the club at a lunch next
Saturday. The invitation was unani
mously accepted.
There is very little change in the
local real estate market, values . and
rents holding about the same . as in
February.' Dealers report many in
quiries for business and manufactur
ing sites, mostly from people- in other
parts of the State and in the East.
The bad weather of the last two weeks
has had a. slightly depressing effect on
the sub«Vban market, people not
caring to go out in the rain and mud
to look at residence property. This
depression, however, was expected by
the dealers and caused no uneasiness,
and real estate men are satisfied that
as the spring market opens fairly,
every dealer in Oakland, Berkeley and
Alameda will have all the business he
can handle. . •;.".
"HOLDS SOCIAL MEETING.
J. S. Nalsmlth: The proposed improvement
would raise real estate values everywhere in
the city.
C. H. Taylor of Taylor Bros. & Co. : It will
show home eeekere that Oakland has some
civic pride and that if they settle here they
are locating in a live city. -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 13.
The "Oakland Boosters," of which
organization many of the prominent
real estate dealers are members, • will
hold a meeting at the Reliance Ath^
letic Club building next Tuesday even
ing, for the purpose of arousing gen
eral interest in the movement for the
Improvement of this city. Invitations
have been extended to all the im
provement clubs in the city to attend
the gathering of the "Boosters" and
a rousing meeting is expected. The
ilrst subject taken up by the club will
be the proposed bond issue for public
Improvements.
Local real estate men have taken a
united stand in favor of the proposed
bond issue,, for they realize, probably
better than any one else, how much
benefit Oakland will derive from the
improvements named in the proposi
tion. Regarding the proposed- im
provements the following interviews
were obtained: •
Harry A. Dodge: The bond issue is tho mest
Important proposition ever placed before thi
clUzena of Oakland. ' • '
Miss Hilton Is a Santa Cruz girl and
has been in the institute several years.
She will graduate in about two years.
She is one of the brightest students in
the institute and is 17 years old.
The debate against the Oakland High
School, in which Miss Hilton and the
others will participate, will take place
on April 16 in Oakland. The judges last
night were Warring Wilkinson, superin
tendent of the institute; Robert L. Mc-
WiHiams and Frederick Blanchard of
the University of California.
All the debaters, anxious to win a
I>lace on the institute team, were keyed
up to the highest pitch during the trial.
So even was this battle in forensics
that the judges had a hard time to de
cide uj>on the three that should com
pose the team. But one thing was cer
tain, and that was that Miss Hilton
had sustained her side of the argument
with delivery and proofs equal and per
haps better than her opponents, and so
Fhe was chosen. The other two selected
to compose the team were Weile and
Scurlock.
A blind girl wlil help defend her
school in the debating contest between
the State Institute for. the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind and the Oakland
High School. She is Miss Maud Hilton,
and she won her place on the institute's
debating team after a hard struggle on
the rostrum last night at Willard Hall.
Miss Hilton had four young men for
competitors and a difficult and uninter
esting question for a girl to talk upon,
but she handled it with extreme skill
and came out victorious. The competi
tors were Charles .Weile, Everett Deck
hard, Charles Caceres and Walter Scur
lock. The question was the following:
"Resolved, That the United States
Senate should have ratified the Panama
treaty."
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, March 13.
McNeil rallied from the shock and the
surgeons said there was a good chance
that the patient would recover.
McNeil had been jumping on and off
the cars as the train was running along
First street. I While thus engaged he
slipped and fell, his legs being caught
by the wheels of a car before he could
scramble out of the way. Bystanders
who saw the accident ran to help the
injured youth. He was removed quickly
to the hospital, where examination
showed that only an operation could
save the young man's life.
Dr. O. D. Hamlin, assisted by Dr.
George Reinle, Dr. J. M. Kane, Dr. Carl
Curdts and Steward H. A. Borchert,
removed the injured members below the
knee.
John McNeil, 18 years old, residing at
309 Second street, fell under a moving
freight train this morning at First and
Harrison streets and both his legs were
so badly crushed that they were am
putated at the Receiving Hospital.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 13.
J. B. Chynoweth, evangelist, conduct
ed a praise service this morning at
Chester-street Methodist Church and
preached at the regular services.
David Starr Jordan, president of the
Stanford University, will give an illus
trated lecture on "Samoa" before the
New Era Club of the First Methodist
Church Tuesday evening. .
The Rev. George W. Stone, minister
of the First Unitarian Church, preach
ed this morning on "The American
Home."
Pentecostal meetings will be held at
the church, Thirteenth and Market
streets, commencing Thursday evening,
by the Rev. C. W. Ruth, evangelist,
and the Rev. Luther Robinson.
The Rev. J. K. McLean, president of
the Pacific Theological Seminary,
preached to-day at the First Congrega
tional Church.
Special services were held this morn
ing at the Church of the Immaculate
Conception in commemoration of the
thirteenth centenary of the death of
Pope Gregory the Great. The choir,
under direction of Adolf Gregory, ren
dered music identical with that which
was established by Pcpe Gregory and
known as the Gregorian plain chant.
To Catholics the service had special
significance because of the recent letter
sent forth by Pope Pius X, who has
recommended that this music be adopt
ed in the church and its use cultivated
as much as possible. *
Dr. Miner C. Baldwin, an organist of
national repute, of New York, will give
an organ recital Friday evening at the
Tenth-avenue Baptist Church. Miss
Ruth Waterman, solo contralto of the
First Presbyterian Church, will sing.
The Rev. G. Campbell Morgan, a
leader in evangelistic work, will preach
every afternoon this week at 4 o'clock
at the First Congregational Church.
"Helps Heavenward" is tho theme of
a series of Sunday evening sermons the
Rev. H. J. Vosburgh will deliver at the
First Baptist Church.
The Rev. Mills Fisher preached to
day at the Second Congregational
Church.
Oakland Ofllce San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, March 13.
ALAMEDA. March IS.— After cling
ing to a runaway team .for two miles,
little 11-year-old Johnny Borman of 602
Taylor street was saved from death to
day through his own bravery in hang
ing to the lines and through the fear
lessness of William Lane Jr. of 2232 San
Antonio avenue', who stopped the fren
zied animate as they were about to
plunge from the city wharf at the
south end of Park street.
When the, team was brought to a
standstill, young Borman was found
lying in the bottom of the wagon, weak
from exartion, but with the lines firm
ly held in his hands. The _wagon be*
longed to the Jersey and Encinal
creamery and was in charge of Albert
Hitchcock of 2304 Buena Vista avenue.
Hitchcock was engaged in delivering
'milk and permitted young Borman .to
ride on the seat with him. While the
driver was serving an order .on Rail
road avenue, near Benton street, the
horses became alarmed and started on
their wild tan along the. avenue toward
Park street.
Borman fastened himself to the lines
and cleverly turned the runaways at
Park street, so that they took a south
erly direction. As they raced madly
along Park street, several other vehi
cles started in pursuit. When the team
neared Clinton avenue. Lane, whose
home is close by, ran into the street
and secured a hold on the lines. To
gether with Borman, he pulled the
horses up and Driver Hitchcock soon
appeared uponvthe scene and took
them in hand. The animals were tired
out and covered with lather from the
effects of their long run. r
WOULD ASSIGN
THE FRANCHISE
President Jordan to Lec
ture to New Era Club at
First Methodist Church
Real Estate Men Will Aid
New Organization in Its
Work for Improvements
Double Operation Is Per
formed That the Injured
Lad's Life May Be Saved
An element of mystery surrounds the
suicide of Hartery, who came from
Klamath Falls, Oregon, about a year
ago. He owned a large cattle ranch
in Southern Oregon, which he sold, be
fore coming to California, for $68,000.
He purchased a fine ranch in Castro
Valley 'soon after coming to this part
of the State, at once moving there with
his family.
Mr. Hatton ssiys he can give no rea
son for Hartery's rash act, unless, per
haps, he was suffering from extreme
melancholia on account of the pro
longed illness of his wife, who has
been in the hospital for several
months. During this time Mrs. Hartery
has Improved but little and it is feared
that she may not recover. The news
of her husband's suicide has not yet
been broken to Mrs. Hartery.
Hartery left a note addressed to the
Oakland Bank of Savings, where he had
an account, requesting it to pay all
money deposited there by him to his
wife. The note is as follows:
Oaklnnd Bank of Savings: 'Please pay
whatev* money is in your possession to my
wife, Louisa Hartery. I am In eound mind
and body.
(Signed) MICHAEL HARTERY.
I , The remains were removed to the
branch morgue at Haywards by Dep
uty Coroner Grindell. An inquest will
be held at 10 a. m. next Tuesday.
Michael Hartery, a. well-to-do cattle
owner, committed suicide by talcing
strychnine at his home in Castro Val
ley, near Haywards, last night during
the absence of his daughter and her
husband. They were in San Francisco
visiting Mrs. Hartery, who has been
ill in St. Joseph's Hospital for several
months. The body was found this
morning when the family returned
from San Francisco, the discovery be
ing made by E. Hatton, son-in-law of
the deceased."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
... 1118 Broadway. March 13. %
Deceased Leaves Note Re
questing Oakland Bank to
Pay Money to Widow
Horses Stopped as They Are
I About to Plunge Into Bay
From Park-Street Wharf
CAUSE OF ACT. UNKNOWN
Gets a Place on the Team
That Will Try to Outtalk
the Oakland High School
HER ABILITY IS MARKED
EVANG ELISTS PREACH
MEETING OF "BOOSTERS"
LIMBS ARE AMPUTATED
Miss Maud Hilton Defeats
Boys in Forensic Contest
at the State Institute
Services Held in Observ
ance of the Anniversary
of St. 'Gregory's Death
Youth crakes a Slip While
Frolicking on Train and
Both His Legs Are Cut Off
Dealers - Report .Slights De
pression on Account of
the Inclement ~ Weather
RUN FOR BLOCKS
_. — •
Fearless Little Lad Clings
to Frenzied Team jn Wild
Eace Ovef Ahiineda Streets
Michael Hartery of Castro
Valley Takes Strychnine
\ During Absence of Family
SIGHTLESS GIRL
WINS A DEBATE
GREAT POPE'S
CHANT SUNG
WEALTHY RANCH
OWNER SUICIDES
FREIGHT CARS
CRUSH A BOY
RAIN AFFECTS
REALTY MARKET
PLUCKY YOUTH
TIRES RUNAWAY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL",.. MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1904
4
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
WIE.EI.ESS TELEGRAPHY
Xm the Besult of Prolonged Study and
Seep Research.
Marconi — the wireless wizard — did not
stumble accidentally upon the principles
of )A& marvelous invention.
It was only by rie^p and prolonged
Ktudy of the cause of certain known phe-
nomena in nature that he was able to
produce the startling- effect.
Many people, in speaking of hair re-
Ftorern. havi* a way of bunching them
altogether without discrimination.
Herplcide is as different from other so-called
"hair restorers"' and "remedies" as- day is
from ntcht.
It U a. Brientiflc preparation prepared for the
role, purpose of destroying the FcaJp microbe
that cause* <1andniff and falling hair.
Sold by leading drueglFts. Fend 10c In
FUunr'' for Fample to The Herpiclde Co., De-
troit, Mlrh.
CASTOR \A
¦ For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the rf sjUfy*-*?
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves. Piers a and 11.
San Francisco.
For Ketchikan. Wnii?«|,
Juneau. Haines, Skaffway,
etc., Alaska— 11 a. m.. Mar.
1. t}. 11. ltf. 21. 26, 31. Apr.
5. Change to company*
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. D«L
linsrham — 11 a. m.. Mar. 1, 6. 11. ltf. 21, 26. 31.
Apr. ft. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. F. Ry. ; at Vancouver- to C
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humbolrlt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Mar. 5, 11. 17. 23. 2». Apr. 4. Spokane
1:30 p. m.. Mar. 2. 8.14, 2O. 26. Apr. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondc). San Diego ani" Santa Barbara. — Saa-
t* Rosa, Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
Fcr Lcs Anceles (via t^n Pedro and East
Szn IVdro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crus, Moa.
tcrey. San Simeon. Cayncos. Port Hartord (S*»
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Humeme. ~ -
Coos Bay. 8 a. m.. Mar. 8. lrt. 24. Apr. I.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Mar. 12. 20 2««. Apr. 3.
For Ensenada. Masdaler.a Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. La Pai. Santa Ro-
•alia. Guaymas <Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. For further Information obtain loXder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates. '
T1UJL11T OrriCES — ? New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market at.
C. D. DUNAXX, General Passenger Ajen%
¦ 10 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. w!l!
can for and check baf-*afre from hotel* ani
residence*. Telephone Exchange 312.
O. /?. & N. CO.\
OREGON sails March 13. CS. April T.'IT. 2T.
May 7 ana 17. GEO. \V. ELDER sails ilarrtt
IS, 23. April C. 12, 22. May 2 and 12. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. Oft., and *h>irt
rail line from Portland to all polr.t« Eas:.
Through tickets to all pctnts. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals-. Steamwr sails
I foot of Foear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. DOOTH.
I G«n. Aet. Pass. Dept.. 1 Miniornery st. ; C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Acent Freight DeBt.. »
Montgomery ht.
S 6. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Men. IS, 11 a.m.
S. S. SOMOMA. fpr Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thur.. March 24. 2 p. m.
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 2. 11 a.m
4J.imftEL3& S293.C3., «9tS..Hct£Oa,!43 SartiQ
lnigt.ilia.32S Siiit SL.Pa-fc. Mv&tL
COX PA OXIS GENES ALE TKAN3ATLANTI1JCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. '. a^» t _
Sdilir.s every Thursday instead ot
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from PUr 42. -—•isr'T*-
Ivorth Raver, foot of Morton at.
First class .to Havre. $70 and upward. Sjc-
ond* class to Havre. $43 and upward. * GEN-
ERAL. AGEXCT FOR UX1TKD 8TATE3 AN'J>
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson buildin,;).
X«w Torn. . J. F. FUOAZI & CO Paetflc Coajt
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Ajrents.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamer m.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except faur.iUy.
Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leav* ValleJ.-*
7 a. ra.. 12:30 and 6 p. c>.. ex. Sunday. 3a-.-
day. 1 a. ra.. 4:13 p. m. Fare. 6O cents. Tel.
Mais IMS. Pier 2, Misston-sC dock. HATCH
'BBOS.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
;
OAKI/AXD.
J1J8 Broadway, f
Telephone Main 1083.
. . • BERKELEY-
*; . 2148 Center Street.
Teleplione XOrth «7.
ALA3fE3>A.
1433 Park Street. f
Teleplione Easle 503.CHIEF OF THE NAVAL BUREAU OF ORD
NANCE. WHO DENIES THAT AMERICAN GUNS
ARE INFERI OR.
THIS SCENE SHOWS HOW THE TELLOW AND WHITE PIN'E LUXURIANTLY GROW IN THE FORESTS OF
CALIFORNIA AND PROVIDES MATERIAL ON LIBERAL SCALE TO MEET NECESSITIES THAT ARISE
FROM CONDITIONS THAT TEND TO EXPANSION.
After considerable discussion 'it was
determined, to put the system in the
best »: possible - shape and maintain it.
The ditches . and canals are to " be put
in thorough repair. It was decided that
additional >¦ water rights be leased If
possible. The expense of maintaining
the ' system will be borne by the water
users, as it is in Tulare district. There
• The Tulare Register says: A mass
meeting of the people residing in Tule
River J Irrigation District was held at
Woodville to consider the affairs of the
district./, -
Ditches and Canals Are to Receive
Attention Tliat Surrounding Coun
try May Thrive.
TULE RIVER IRRIGATION \
' * DISTRICT PLANS WORK
The Stockton Independent has the
following statement showing the strong
Interest that has been created in the
resources and climate pf San Joaquin
County: .
The Assessor keeps accurate record of all
real property transactions during the year and
his figures furnish valuable Information, show
ing' the rapid growth of the county. Mr. Ort
man'a records show that from the first Monday
in March. 1003. up to Thursday night of last
week there were 2168 transfers of real estate
in San Joaquin Cpunty. Of that nurabr, 750
were the purchases of newcomers, thus addln?
750 new names to the list of taxpayers. The
information is obtained by keeping daily note
of the transfers of the year and enables the
Assessor to check up bis work at the close of
the assessment period."
Everybody knows that the county is grow-
Assessor's Returns Show That More
Than Seven Hundred Newcomers
¦ Have Bought Land. /
The Merced Star says that at the or
ganization of the Merced Improvement
Club the reports indicated that consid
erable money had been pledged for the
support of the club. The City Trustees
led off with |25. The following were
elected officers: Mrs. Howard, presi
dent; Mrs. " Simonson, vice president;
Mrs. Powell, secretary: Mrs. W. E.
Landram. treasurer.. The executive
committee Is composed of the officers
and Mrs. McKain and Mrs. Swan. The
soliciting committee comprises Mes
dames Simonson, McKain. , Swan and
Brouse. The work to be first taken up
will be the planting of trees from
Huffman avenue along Cemetery ave
nue (Thirteenth street) to the ceme
teries, and also along the street to the
Catholic cemetery. It was decided to
plant blue gum trees, placing them
thirty-five feet ar>art. Palms may b«
placed between the gum treetv jggfcBfs
SAN JOAQUIN INCREASES
>. POPULATION RAPIDLY
a mile south of Ceres. With the com
pletion of lateral 2, the system will have
been finished, save that some day. In
all likelihood, a canal will be construct
ed to embrace lands lying near the
eastern and southeastern boundary.
Ing very fast and that many homeaeeker* ara
corning: in, but It will surprise people gen
erally to learn that ISO of the newcomers are
taxpayers. There was nearly that increase In
1903, but the present showing leads in local
history.
was a good attendance at the meet
ing.
SPECIMENS IN VARIETY.
Accompanying these will be the very
best commercial specimens of redwood,
sugar ''¦ pine, ' white pine ' and fir, em-
A- beam. and panel ceiling: twelve feet
square, made of the finest specimens of
redwood obtainable, surmounted on
four beautiful columns, highly pol
ished, will stand at one corner
of the exhibition space. A classical
facade, twenty-six feet long, compris
ing flve arches, surmounted by an
artistic entablature and cornice and
composed of the two species of sequoiaf
will stand on the aisle lying at the
center of the space.
The other corner of the space will be
occupied by a sugar ' pine log "cut
alive," that is, with the bark left on
the edges of the planks, and reproduced
as a log by placing sticks equal to the"
thickness of the saw kerf between the
planks; with the exception that the
center plank, which is seven feet wide,
twelve inches thick and sixteen feet
long, will be displayed by sticks twelve
inches in thickness, thus completing
the circular form of the original log.
and this center plank will be placed
edgewise on top of the log so recon
structed.
As a companion to this notable ex
hibit, a' yellow pine locr (now known as
white ;pine) sixty. Inches .in diameter
and cut alive will be reproduced as a'
log.
The floor space in the forestry build
ing at St. Louis is divided Into sections,
separated from each other by aisles:
these sections are 30x103 fe«t. One-half
of one of these has been assigned to
California's forestry exhibit, so that
the space available for this exhibit Is
15x103 feet. The authorities have per
mitted the erection of a partition down
the center of this section. This parti
tion will be constructed of vertical
planks and will be sixteen feet high,
and will of Itself constitute a splendid
exhibit of the four leading commercial
woods of the State, namely redwood,
white pine, sugar pine and fir. The
partition will be 103 feet long by six
teen feet high, and the planks compos
ing It will be the very finest commer
cial specimens that can be obtained.
It will be surmounted by a beautiful
cornice, affording an opportunity for
other expressions of ! the commercial
wood?.
their entirety was considered, but for
the general reasons already given
abandoned. To illustrate with the pine
family: The genus of forest trees
known botanically as "pinus" comprises
eighty classified species. These are' dis
tributed unequally. over the north tem
perate zone in both hemispheres. Of
the eighty only twenty are found in
Eurasia, an appellation given to a re
gion extending f^OO miles east arid west
and comprising the temperate latitudes
of Europe and Asia, while sixty of the
eighty are -found in North America,
extending over a region only 3000 miles
e&st and west, and -. of these sixty
twenty-five are' found on the Pacific
Slope, that is. west of the Rocky Moun
tains, and of these twenty-five twenty
are found in California.'
It will be seen that California, alone,
possesses as many . varieties of the
pinus family as all Europe and. Asia.
Of* the sequoia, which may be said
to be indigenous and peculiar to Cali
fornia, we have but two classified vari
eties — the Gigantea and the Semper
VIrens; or, in common parlance, the
"Big Trees" and the "Redwood." Every
commercial aspect of these two vari
eties of sequoia will be presented from
beautiful and striking cabinet forms,
which will 'illustrate their use In pub
lic and domestic architecture, to broad
planks, siding, rustic, shingles, burls
and curley redwood specimens.
SPLENDID EXHIBITS.
The foregoing imperfect sketch of
the exhibit is inadequate to a full
realization of Its commercial value. In
teresting detail is wanting. The ex
hibit is more complete and valuable
than can be made apparent in the
space permitted to any written descrip
tion of it, and it will be supplemented
by an article on forestry. In the book
which will pe published by.the com
missioners and In which the forests of
California will be fully treated.
The appropriation available for this
work would have been wholly inad
equate but for the public;spirited;lib
erality and enterprise - of the lumber
men of this .State. Special acknowl
edgments are* due to the Redwood As
sociation* and their special representa
tive, Mrs. Abble E. Krebs; to the Sugar
The outside exhibit will also be en
riched by large square timbers of .fir
and spruce, one specimen of fir being
a timber 42 inches square and 44 feet
in length.
To all this there remains to be added
a collection and classification of the
cones and foliage of the conifers, of
the State. . . .... -;.-h s.y'v.V.
The enormous size of tree growth in
this State will have ample Illustration
by the specimens already described.
THE OUTSIDE DISPLAY.
Just outside of the California .build
ing and in a position to be passed by
every visitor there will be placed a
white pine tree • 144 feet in . length.
While this tree Is not remarkable for
its great size, it is remarkable for
maintaining Its size throughout its
length. It is 45 inches in diameter at
the cut from the stump, which is evenly
sawed, and 26 inches at the small end,
144 feet distant. It is a smooth, round
column upon which the bark has been
carefully preserved. and to the eye suf
fers no diminution of size throughout
its length. Necessarily, this tree had
to be cut into lengths which would ad
mit of its shipment, but it will" be re
stored by. closely joining these lengths
together and presenting on the. ground
this splendid column as smooth and
round as If it was the result of careful
turning. It is without limb, knot or
blemish throughout its length and will
easily constitute the most notable ex
hibit of the entire forestry section.
While 45 inches in diameter at the
stump is not remarkable to Califor
nians familiar with the growth here,
it will be v?ry unusual to the East and
Eurppe, while the symmetry and per
fection of the specimen -will have full
appreciation at ; the hands of feresters
and lumbermen.
bracing all the varieties of their spe
cies. All will be noble specimens of the
species of tree growth they are intend
ed to illustrate. They will comprise
planks 48 inches wide, 4 inches thick
and of varying lengths.
-, As a tribute to the wealth of varie
ties found in the forests of California,
there will be exhibited sixty small
doors, hung on a stand, in album form,
so that two sides may be presented by
turning, like the leaves of a book.
These panels or doors comprise- sixty
varieties of the forest specimens."'
. Then will follow approximately 270
polished specimens of cabinet woods,
the. largest, finest and altogether the
most* valuable collection of- its kind
ever before attempted. The smaller
specimens will be exhibited against the
partition, but in sueh a manner as not
to . hide or conceal the specimens of*
commercial wood of which the parti
tion will be composed.
On the redwood side of the exhibit
the broad forest planks which will en
ter into the construction of the parti
tion will be alternated by panels of
redwood shingles, sidings and rustic."
LEADING CONSIDERATIONS.
Such an exhibit would involve much
expense and labor and would require
specimens of the wood, the foliage and
fruit of forest trees; and to possess any
value the specimens must be accompa
nied by a catalogue which of itself
would expand to the dimensions of a
volume on the subject of botany.
It was early perceived that the en
tire appropriation made by the State
would scarcely be adequate for a work
of this kind, and that many years
would be necessary to its perfect ac
complishment. The hope, however, of
disclosing to the world something of
California's forest wealth was ndt
wholly abandoned, and the investiga
tion into the probability of a combined
scientific and commercial exhibit was
entered upon, but little .inquiry was
necessary to disclose the fact that the
space allotted to California at St. Louis
was inadequate to the accomplishment
of this result. That the proportion of
the general appropriation which could
be afforded to this department was
grossly inadequate led to the conclusion
reached to confine the exhibit to its
commercial aspect. The departure
which will be made from this general
conclusion will scarcely be worthy the
appellation of scientific or botanical.
A collection and classification of
nones has been made and will be ex
hibited for the pleasure and edification
of botanists, but that feature will not
rise to the dignity of a scientific ex
hibit
The dan of taking the leading com
mercial species and presenting them in 4
In collecting: an exhibit of forestry,
two general plans are open to the col
lector, one having paramount consider
ation for the scientific or botanical as
pect of the forests uf a Ftate or coun
try, and the other their commercial
significance.
The forestry exhibit which will be
xnade by the California Commissioners
to the Louisiana Purchase Exposition
at St. Louis will be distinctively, com
mercial in its motive and aspect. With
sufficient means for the accomplish
ment of that end, a scientific and com
mercial exhibit might be combined, but
euch an exhibit would require a very
large space for its proper display, and
even years for its collection. It is per
fectly safe to say that no complete
scientific exhibit of the forests of any
country has ever been made. Ger
many, where the science o-f forestry
has obtained its ripest stage, notwith
standing its appearance at all the great
worlds exposition!?, has not even at
tempted a botanical or scientific ex
pression of its forested areas.
Notwithstanding the difficulties which
can readily be anticipated, it was the
original intention to make the world's
fair at St. Louis an occasion for a com
prehensive exhibition of the forests of
California, presenting at least their
leading botanical aspect. The desire to
accomplish this result was due to the
unsurpassed forest wealth of this State,
including; the extent of the forested
areas, the climatic conditions under
which our ffrrepts had been produced,
the wide range of varying botanical
specimens, the magnitude of commer
cial lumber to be found upon any given
area, the distinction conferred by the
possession of species unknown to other
countries and the variety of the topo
graphical conditions relating to the
floor of our forests, which coupled with
the scenic grandeur of wooded slopes,
densely forested canyons and park-like
mountain plateaus, all combined to in
vest the forests of California with in
tense interest to the botanist and syl
vaculturist.
: BY W. H. MILLS,
Chief of the California Forestry Department at the St. Louis Exposition.
Collection Is Devoted Principally to Commercial Importance of the
Great Wealth of Counties Rich in Trees.
manders heading the list for promotion during the pres
ent year Is 49.9 years. This does not Include eight engi
neer officers, who are eligible only for engineer duty
ashore. Three of the line officers are 52 years of age,
four are 51, two are 50. ten are 49. and one. the young
est, is 48 years old. This exceeds that of British com
manders by about 50 per cent. Serving five years in the
grade of commander and seven years in that of captain,
few if any of them are likely to reach the rank of rear
admiral, and those who are fortunate enough to do so
will hoist their flag for only a few months.
STEALING OF BRITISH SIGNAL CODES.
For the third time in the last seven years the British
cpde of signals has been stolen. The first was in 1898.
when a sailor was apprehended and given a longr terra
in prison; two years later the offence,, was repeated, but
the offender was not discovered. The regulations regard
ing the custody of this book are stringent, but like many
other regulations are allowed to become lax. It is to be
noted that these treacherous acts, instigated by foreign
spies, occur when troubles are apprehended and cause
only a temporary inconvenience in necessitating a shift
ing about of the code signals.
Latest official data show that the Niclausse boiler ag
gregates 671,400 horsepower in nine navies. France lead
ing with 239,000: England, 113.000; United States. 103.
000; Japan, 60,000; Italy, 47,000; Russia, 42,000; Spain
and Turkey, each 23.000, and Germany only 16,400. The
NicIausseT boiler is as yet unrepresented in the navies oi
Holland/Scandinavia and Portugal.
Other leading water-tube boilers are the Belleville,
aggregating 2,000,000 horsepower, chiefly In England;
Babcock & Wilcox. 526,300; Thornycroft-Schulz, 335.600;
Yarrow, 205,700; Durr. 162,700; Normand-Signard-Laird,
168,400; D'Allert, 158,000.
The French armored cruiser Dupuy de Lome, launched
in «1 890. and the first war vessel fitted out with triple
screws, is undergoing modernization at Cherbourg. Nor
mand boilers have been substituted for the old cylindri
cal boiler3, and during a recent 'speed trial the vessel
reached a maximum speed of 20 knots, and for several
hours maintained 17 knots. Other changes in the hull
have effected a total lightening of 700 tons, of which 220
tons will be added to the coal supply and 100 tons will be
utilized as ballast. The Dupuy de Lome was never re
garded as a successful ship; serious mistakes were made
in her design, which affected her. draft, trim and speed,
und the introduction of ballast at this late date goes to
show that notwithstanding the costly improvement the
vessel is not an entire success.
•Rear. Admiral Charles O'Neil, Chief of the Naval Bu
reau of Ordnance, denies that the naval ordnance of .the
United States is inferior to that of foreign navies, but he
fails to give any figures to substantiate his assertion, and
the data contained in "Notes 'on Naval Progress, July,
1002." published by the Bureau of Naval Intelligence,
in Washington, tell a different story, which is further
supported by the German for 1903. There
is an average difference of 12*4 per cent in favor of for»
eign twelve-inch suns, as compared with our guns of that
<aliber, Krupp's leading with 59,280 foot tons muzzle
energy and the British Woolwich gun with 46,765,
against our gun of 40,246 foot tons. In ten-inch guns
foreign navies have the advantage of 29.5 per cent. In
eight-inch, 21 per cent and in six-inch guns 23 per cent.
This diffe^nce. which existed before the charge was de
creased from 2800 to 2700 foot seconds, is now more
marked.
'It i3 possible that Rear Admiral O'Neil bases his good
opinion on ths guns designed by him on the supposition
that the foreign gun data promise better results than
are to be made good in practice, but trials nave proved
the accuracy of the tables, while, on the other hand, cer
tain inaccuracies in O'Xeil's claim of superiority of his
jruns have never been explained. On page 484 of the
Bureau of Ordnance* report of October 1, 1899, he states
that the newly designed twelve-inch gun of 40 caliber
will exert 58,221 foot tons muzzle energy, with an initial
velocity of 2800 foot seconds, but in the report of Octo
ber 1, 1901,. a table on pa^e 760 reduces the muzzle
energy to 46,246 foot tons. Rear Admiral O'Neil goes on
the retired list on March 15, but is to go to Europe at
once to study foreign naval ordnance. He is fortunate
in having the confidence of the Secretary of the Navy,
for it is a rare occurrence that in cases- of such momen
tous importance an official is given an opportunity of
ascertaining the causes of shortcomings without the aid
of a properly appointed board of ordnance experts.
/ . . WASTING MONEYS ON COLLIERS.
The discussion of the naval appropriation bill in the
House is particularly to be noted for its length and in
sipidity. Mo«t.of the argument was devoted to the
rivalry of the Lake sections in endeavoring to secure the
projected naval station. Only one battleship, two
armored cruisers, three scouts and two, colliers were
"authorized, and in the opinion of most naval officers and
experts the $5,000,000 voted for the colliers is an expense
that could have been devoted to better purposes. Only
two members, W. S. McXary of New Jersey and.E. W.
Roberts of Massachusetts, put some temporary life in the
proceedings and by the"ir clear cut arguments for build
ing some torpedo-boats and submarine boats indicated
thatrthey, at least, had some conception of what vessels
were needed for the navy. In support of the argument
for ' torpedo-boats, Mr. McNary called attention to the
undoubted efficiency of these crafts in three wars-r-the
Chile-Peruvian, the Russo-Turkish and the present
Russo-Japan war. He might have added that of the War
ob Secession, 1861-65, the Brazilian revolution and the
Japan-China war, in all of which the torpedo and tor
pedo-boats have played prominent and successful parts.
Mr. Roberts wanted some more submarine boats built,
but both proposition? were voted down without any
arguments being presented as to why such vessels were
not required.
The- relative expenditures upon the battleships Con
necticut, building at the New York navy yard, and the
Louisiana, building under contract at Newport News,
shows $493,760 on-the first named ship up to September
30, last year, and $S10,301 on the Louisiana. Since then
there has been no visible gain made by the Connecticut,
the relative state of completeness being now "about! 31
and 40 per cent.
BRITAIN'S NEWEST BATTLESHIP.
The British battleship Prince of Wales, 15.000 tons.
15,000 horsepower and IS knots speed, went out for her
gunnery trials on February 16, at the successful termi
nation of which a ship is ready for active service. The
Prince of Wales was built at Chatham dockyard, laid
down'Marchi 20, 1901, lauched March 25, 1092, and ready
for commission February 20, 1904, making her period of
construction 35 months. A sister ship, the Queen, built
at Devonport dockyard, was laid down March 12. 1901.
and both ships have been completed well within three
years. The cost of each ship, exclusive of armament and
ordnance stores, is $5,602,000 and $5,609,000, the Queen's
cost exceeding that of the Prince of Wales by only $7000.
Thirty-five lieutenants in the British navy were re
cently promoted to commanders. Of these one was
barely 30 years old, eight were under 31 and the average
was- 32 % years. Their average service as lieutenants
was ten years. The new regulations provide for a service
of five years in the commander's grade and twelve years
as caotains, thus making the average age of future rear
admirals 50 years. Of the thirty-five promoted lieuten
ants, ten had qualified for. ordnance officers, six for tor
pedo work, eight for navigation duty, one for surveying
and ten; had no specialty.
There are no lieutenant commanders in the British
navy and the promotion- to commanders Is made from
the senior list of lieutenants. It "will be many years be
fore officers in the United States navy reach the grade of
command at an age when they are expected, to have
the requisite physical and mental capacity for the re
sponsible duties entailed. Thus the latest naval register
shows that the average age of twenty lieutenant com-
MOSCOW GIVES A PARTING OVATION TO KUROPATKIN
AND RUSSIAN COMMANDER STARTS FOR THE ORIENT
From the palace the general was
driven to the nobles' assembly rooms,
where he replied to the greeting of
Prince Troubetzkoy, who expressed the
MOSCOW, March 13.— The day Gen
eral Kuropatkin spent here was marked
by. demonstrations rivaling those of St.
Petersburg. Immediately upon arriving
he went to the Sergius monastery,
where he attended a "Te Deurn." After
this service he was conducted to the
abbot's cell, where he was blessed with
the ancient ikon of Sergius. The nu
merous bells of the monastery and the
churches pealed out as he drove away.
Returning to Moscow the general pro
ceeded'to the Governor's palace, where
he spent several hours in receiving dep
utations of peasants, merchants and
nobles, as well as the city elders, who
were,, headed by the senior elder of all
Russia.
the most humble thanks of the Man*
churian army for your greetings and
prayers. The ikon is not taken away
for me- alone, but for the whole army,
and as soon as I reach the Far East I
will tell Viceroy Alexjeff and the troops
there of the farewell tendered trie by
Moscow and Russia. ~.;."'--'i;
"I hope especially that I shall be
victorious. I wish you good health
and prosperity."
Turning to the Governor-General of
Moscow. General Kuropatkin said:
•.. "I jtvlll conclude by asking you to
Join in three cheers for the Emperor."
A mighty hurrah greeted the gener
al's closing words.
General Kuropatkin dined on board
his private car and left at S o'clock
this evening for the Far East. Great
numbers of clergymen, with sacred
banners, were at the railway station to
see him off.
general . confidence in Kuropa\kin's
leadership. General' Kuropatkin said:
"Russia has outlived trials many
times heavier than those which have
now fallen to her lot. and ever issued
victorious. Without belittling the dif
ficulties which confront us or the
strength and worth of our foe» we can
again confidently await the victorious
termination of a fight which was not
begun by us.
"A mighty host has. been already as
sembled in the* Far East by the Em
peror's order, but if this does not su
fice the Emperor will send out fresh
forces, i ,<; ; ;
"The prayers of Moscow and the
prayers of Russia will maintain us and
give us strength to stand up for Rus
sia's interests in the Far East; we will
not spare life or health In the service
of the - Emperor and the country.
"Representatives of Moscow, , accept
The Modesta Herald says that, work
will begin at. once to complete lateral
2 of the Turlock /Irrigation District
system, of 'which three miles remain
for excavation, and a headgate, nine or
ten drops and a siphon are to be put
in. The lateral is nine miles in length,
terminating in the Ceres main lateral
and White Pine Agency of California,
Fred F. Sayre, general manager;: to the
West ; Side Lumber Company, from
whom the \ great tree specimens were
obtained, and who acted, on behalf of
the Sugar and White Pine ; Agency ; . to
Scott & Van Arsdale, for the cornice
for the partition and for polishing
specimens of sugar pine,' white > pine,
fir and spruce; and to.J. N. Durney. of
Igerna for a full round of exhibits of.
fir, spruce and cedar.
u It' is; confidently ; believed that ah?
exhibit; will be the most complete and
notable that has " ever been collected
and installed; ;. .. " ?' ;; -...-¦ ;•;•
The'Antioch Enterprise says that im
provements will be made in both of the
brickyards Antioch, so that - they
will be able. to turn out great supplies
of building materials., •
Redding, Shasta County, expects to
have a plant for the manufacture : of
concrete building stone.
The Los Angeles Times gives the fol
lowing figures relative to the shipments
of celery by the California Vegetable
Union: For November, 219,227 dozen,
selling for $32,000; December, 499,805
dozen, selling for $78,000; January, 404,
293 dozen, selling for $71,400. This makes
a total of 1,123,325 dozen bunches selling
for > $181,200. This represents net cash
to the growers- after all the' shipping
expenses, have been paid. • • ,
, According to the Nevada County
Miner, three new railway lines will
pierce Nevada County, and their ad
vent is expected to bring livelier times
to the county.
The Woodland Democrat says of a re
cent meetins of the local Chamber of
Commerce: "F. A. Kauffman and "W.
P. Craig of the finance committee sub
mitted a report. The matter of supply
ing the increasing demand for Yolo
County literature was discussed, but no
definite conclusions were reached. ' In
this connectionit may not 'be' out of
place to remark that this demand
comes from all parts of the , world.
There never, was a more propitious time
in which to advertise our resources.
Mr. Reith reported that the California
Promotion Committee is preparing to
do some pictorial advertising, in. the
Ladies' Home Journal, and has request
ed a lot of photographic views taken
during December." >
The Fresno Chamber of Commerce
has refused to indorse any land or
colonization schemes. Members claimed,
at a recent meeting,; that'to" indorse any
private project would .• create dissen
sion and hostility on the part of real
estate 4 agents. •
The Woodland Democrat claims that
no .finer oranges, are raised in the
State than those that grow in Yolo
County. , ' . •'••.,.-
Hollister expects to have a condensed
milk factory established within its
borders.. -
The Martinez County Paper says that
the progress during the past year , at
Black Diamond, formerly known as
New Yqrk Landing, has been phenom
enal. ..The town possesses fine.- sites for
manufacturing enterprises. The plant
established on the south bank of the
slough, above "the old town, by the
Redwood j Lumber Company, employs
200 men on the average. There are
stacked fully' 340.000.QOO. shingles in the
company's yard. Many new buildings
have been erected. A brick' building
will be constructed for the Contra Costa
County Bank. A creamery has been es
tablished west of the town. Above the
lumber 1 company's location a site has
been' selected f or • a mattress factory.
An artificial stone plant will »be estab
lished near Pittsburg, In the direction
of Pittsburg Landing. A $20,000 school
house will be built. The plant of the
Sacramento 'River and Packing Com
pany is giving employment and, wealth
to the place. There is good farming
land in the vicinity. Altogether the out
look for Black Diamond is excellent. '
The Producers' Bank, at Fresno, will
be housed in a new structure to be
erected at a 'cost of about $45,000, ac
cording to the Fresno Republican. -
•The Sacramento Bee figures out that
130,000,000 feet, of lumber were cut in
Slskiyo-u County last year.
Buhach maybe grown on a large
scale in San Joaquln County says the
Lodi Sentinel. .. ,
The San Jose Chamber of Commerce
has received a report from a commit
tee relative to the means to make a
greater San Jose. The procedure re
garding the extension of the city lim
its, so says the San Jose News, is to
have a special election to. ballot on the
question of annexation. An anti
knocklng committee, has bsen appoint
ed by President Scheller that includes
H. C. Doerr, W. T. Brooks, \V. P.
Lyon, J. R. Ryland and J. E. Auzerais.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Pajaro Valley Board of Trade several
questions of importance to. the valley
were discussed. According 'to the Pa r
jarcnian. President Hall reported that
the committee, consisting of W. R
Porter. F. A. Kilburn. O. D. Stoesser,-
A. A. Hoyt and himself, had called on
the California Fruit Cahners' Associa
tion in the interest of the proposed
cannery and that the conference
proved very satisfactory. The pea
seed had arrived for the sixteen ex
periment stations, and had been, dis
tributed and a few had been planted.
As soon as the weather will permit the
others will J>e planted. The question of
procuring; sites for the proposed can
nery and condensed milk factory was
discussed to some extent and it was
the concensus of opinion that it would
be well to look around for sites so a.s
Co be prepared in case of the establish
ment of one or both of the enterprises.
President Hall appointed the following
committee, of which, he is an ex-officio
member, to take up the site matter:
W. R. Porter, F. A. Kilburn, O. D.
Stoesser and A. A. Hoyt. : .
Rear Admiral's Statement, How
ever, Is at Variance With
the Facts.
* ¦ •
Efforts to Cause
Betterments
Are Wise.
GUNS OF OUR NAVY ARE NOT INFERIOR
TO FOREIGN ORDNANCE, SAYS O'NEIL
Earnest Workers
Are Promoting
Counties.
W. H. MILLS, CHIEF OF CALIFORNIA'S FORESTRY SHOW AT ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION, DESCRIBES
REMARKABLE EXHIBITION THAT STATE WILL MAKE TO ILLUSTRATE ITS RESOURCES IN TIMBER
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, -MONDAY; :M ARCH 14, 1904.
5PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT has broken the en
forced calm of his literary endeavor by publishing
in the current Critic a brief monograph entitled
"The Mission of the Republican Party." Though pub
lished hi advance, this latest written word of the Presi
dent is designed t6 be a foreword to "The History of
the Republican Party," by Francis E. Curtis, shortly to
be published. No more dignified and wholly unprejudiced
preface for a book of this character could be written.
The keynote of t"he President's few didactic paragraphs
upon the duty of the Republican party is that little
known speech of .Abraham Lincoln, delivered after his
re-election .to the. Presidency, wherein the great Repub
lican advocated with all the native power of suasion
ROOSEVELT ON PARTY'S MISSION.
In noting carefully the various cxhi
bitiuns of home discipline to be found
by the observant everywhere, what
seems to be the object served by It?
Unless discipline has a purpose It is as
worthies* a* all purposeless thinss. and
DY DOKA MAY MORUELU
<Fom^rly Editor "Tbe Household - v rw
Ycrfc.)
(Ccyrizitt, 1901. by Jo»-ph B. KowIcji.)
Genlle Discipline
In the second place, we can ouly keep
love alive by becoming more beautiful
in character. Do you not know, that
kindness is always beautiful? Unsel
fishness will transfigure even a de
formed body as th«* candles bn an altar
transfigure dark and ugly catWedral
windows. If you have been kind be
fore, be doubly kind when you are old.
If you want to keep love captive, you
mu*t bind him now, not with red
checks, but with gentleness and devo
tion. This In the time to let all your
grar*t effloresce. If you are sour and
irritable, as well as wrinkled and gray,
your doom is fsealed.
Nothing can dp. so beautiful, but
nothing can be so ugly as old age! To
be adorable was so easy when your
step was ligrht and your figure was
round and vital force was issuing from
every pore. To ue adorable now de
mands toii and consecration.
Be courteous! Courtesy is (in the es
sence) appreciation, and therefore be
longs in iia brightest manifestation to
advanced years. There is no chivalry
like that cf the old gentleman! There
Is no courtesy like that of the old lady!
Upon this problem let us advance an
observation. In the first place, the
sooner we recognize the futility of our
efforts to maintain a hold on each
other by mere bodily charms the bet
ter. The delusion -that love is phys
ical dies hard. There is evidence
enough to support it. We seem to
know the soul by its material mani
festation alone. How can a beautiful
eoul be in an unbeautiful body? "When
the body is old. will not the soul be
eld also? Reasoning thus, we resort
to "hair dyes" and "plumpers" to feed
the dying fires of "passion." But it is
like feeding flames with cold water or
gnayxmists.
The great problem of married life is
old age! It is not the problem as to
whether grizzled old couples will sepa
rate or .be divorced. There comes a
time when sheer inertia will keep them
together. But the problem is, will
they continue to love?
Well, it is to be said that if she found
It hard to love this beardiess boy, ehe
would have probably found it still
harder to have loved . a parchment
faced old man.
It is a irood thing that these tremend
ous changes do not come all at once,
like lightning out of a clear sky or a
snowstorm in August. Nature is merci
less sometimes. It isn't an easy thing
to discover evidences of kindness in her
letting these shocking alterations come
at all. But if they have to come it is at
least an act of grace upon her part to
afford little premonitions now and then,
as a single leaf falling at intervals fore
tells the naked tree. They give us a
start. The heart stands still at even
these slight intimations of the ap
proaching winter of old age. But it is
at least not like having the flowers
frosted in a single night.
There is a very dramatic story of a
young woman whose lover fell into the
crevasse of a glacier and who remained
unmarried 'n the fond hope of seeing
his body when at the end of fifty years
the fluw of the ice river should bring it
to an open place in the mountains.
The day arrived, the body appeared
and the wrinkled old lady received a
fatal shock at sight of the pink-faced
boy whose countenance she imagined
would be wrinkled like her own!
And age teets institutions as well as
individuals. Take marriage. It Is hard
fur a young couple to love unbrokenly
through poverty, child- bearing and the
period of discovery, when a thousand
undreamed of faults and even "vices re
veal themselves. But the real pinch
tomes when a woman begins to have to
brush the dandruff and yick the gray
hairs off from the stooped shoulders of
an old man. In this the young hero to
vhom she gave her budding affections —
this old dotard who is losing; his mem
ory and manners? What is there to
love about him?
And it comes to the man even sooner.
What a cold chill those wrinkles and
that false front send down his back.
He married red cheeks and bright eyes
and pearly teeth and a plump figure —
not this thin, sallow, faded old woman!
As for himself, he feels as young as he
ever did. His eye is not dim and his
natural force is not abated (or so he
thinks, the dunce), and the idea that
he, who is still so young and hand
some (and who could still have any 16
year-old girl for the asking), must pass
the rest of hi? days bound by the
chains of matrimony to this venerable
female person excites a spasm of re
bellion.
Talk about the dangers tiud tempta
tions of youth! They are mere popguns
to the Mauser rifles of old age! Youth
tries the fi>sh. but old age tests the
*ou!. When a man runs up against gray
hair, wrinkles, dislflusionments, ad
vancing shadows, bursting bubbles,
open graves — he begins- to know what
Ihe r^al strain of life is.
oulhor of '"The P.eJeirptlca cf David' Ccrson.
etc.,)
fCenyvipit. 1904, by Jcwpli B. Bowles.)
When Age Comes.
Aside from the improvement in iron and steel tne
staples show little change ; from the preceding week.
Provisions are quiet at Chicago, with most of the stock
in the hands of the outside trade, and the packers selling
rather than buying. The hide market seems to be look
ing up, and more steadiness is shown by quotations.
Wool is steady enough, but the manufacturers are buy
ing only from hand to mouth, even though stocks are not
large. The excitement in cotton continues to subside
and the recent agitation in the coffee trade is passing
into history. In fact, all of the great staples have quieted
down considerably during the past fortnight and no
longer exhibit any se'nsational .features.
Conservatism, supplanted by a spasm of speculation
during the past month or two, is reasserting itself, and
even the Oriental war, with its underlying possibilities
of commercial disturbance in some form or other, has
ceased to be a dominant factor in any line. Even wheat,
which for years has been particularly sensitive to even a
bare prediction of European complications, does not re
spond to the daily war news, and at present is governed
almost wholly by the natural law of supply and demand
and the condition of the crops. There is plenty of this
grain on hand and in sight all over the world, and the
market is unusually qujet and featureless.
Conditions in California and its two northern sister
States remain satisfactory and about as previously
stated. The recent rain succeeded -finally in extending
to the southern counties, giving them a good wetting,
and with a few spring showers the region south of
Tehachapi will yield good crops. As for the central and
northern counties, they have been drenched. In most
of them the farmers are already crying enough and
clamoring for dry weather, even as a month ago they
wanted "rain. Our crop prospects for 1904 are now prac
tically assured, and what is especially gratifying, a great
demand for our field products seems to be opening up.
The Oriental war demands are calling on our mar
kets for large lines of barley, oats, hay and other forage,
and if they continue w*e will hardly have enough left for
our own consumption and our regular export trade. This,
of course, means' good prices for an indefinite period and
consequent good times all'over the coast. Hence the
feeling of confidence which has prevailed during the
past five years continues, undiminished and everybody
expects another good year. There is certainly nothing
in sight now to lead anybody to expect otherwise.
This spring trade is now where it should have been no
later than the first of February- The latter date is late
enough in average\ years, but when the spring revival
is deferred to the middle of March the country feels
the lull.
The improvement seems general. Collections are re
ported better, the distributive trade is expanding,, build
ing operations are being resumed and there is an air of
briskness and activity all over the country. Railway
transportation is still impeded by local bad weather at
some points, but this is a condition always expected
during the winter months, and is unavoidable in a country
so wide in area and comprehending so many different
climates as the United States. The railways have suf
fered rather more than usual from severe weather dur
ing the winter now drawing to a close, and the earnings
for February showed a loss of 7 per cent from the cor
responding month in 1903.
The bank clearings have been making an unfavorable
exhibit for some time past, and those last week lost 26.2
per cent, as compared with the same week last year,
with New York 37.3 per cent and Philadelphia 18.8 per
cent in the wrong column. But the situation in these
bank clearings shows this improvement, that most of the
other important cities showed a gain for the week,
whereas of late the whole line has been practically run
ning behind. Even Baltimore, with her disastrous fire,
exhibited a gain last week of 13.8 per cent, while Pitts
burg, the center of the iron and steel industry, gained
19-3 pe/" cent. This may be taken as an affirmation of
the more cheering reports now coming in regarding the
condition of iron and steel, the demand being better and
prices firmer, with a. very good movement in structural
material for building, bridge work, etc.
' The loss at New York may be largely ascribed to the
abnormal lassitude prevailing in Wall street, where busi
ness is duller than for many years, there being no de
mand of any consequence for any class of securities. In
fact, business in stocks and bonds declined to such a
degree during the week that the trading on Thursday
was the smallest since 1806. There were long intervals
of complete idleness, and some minutes between trans
actions. It was like the exchange of a second-rate coun
try city on a dull day. The previous record of dullness
was 86,000 shares on August 22, 1000, but the sales on
Thursday amounted to only 73.800 shares.
The fact is the liquidation in Wall street, about which
so much was said last year, has been even more severe
than heretofore thought and has driven thousands of
active patrons of the stock market out of the market,
not only for the time being but forever. A large per
centage will never again" regain their speculative feet,
and it now seems as if a new crop of public speculators
must grow before the Stock Exchange can resume its
wonted activity. So much for booms. Conditions, too,
are rather favorable than otherwise for stock specula
tion, which emphasizes the present stagnation just so
much more. Money "is plentiful, values are undeniably
low and the chances for a rise are better than for a de
cline, but the public cannot be induced to take hold of
the market. -Vburned child fears the fire.
WHILE a furious storm of wind and rain has
swept over California, prostrating telegraph
lines, washing out railroad tracks, driving vessels
a*hure, flooding lowlands in the country and impeding
transportation over country roads, the weather has dis
tinctly improved over the rest of the country during the
past week, to the marked betterment of general business.
Jts effect is seen in a decided increase in the demand for
merchandise, which shows that the delayed spring trade
is at last under way.
OPENING OF SPRING TRADE.
as great a failure. It should have a rea- ;
son. a vital reason, for upon it depends I
the self-control of the individual. May j
it not be claimed that in scr far as home j
discipline tends to thla it is good, in so •
far hs it falls below this it is bad? j
Taking this. then, as the starting point,
hofr many Instances of proper home
training can you number? The discip- j
line that is punitive or coercive is not j
rare, but is worthless in the higher j
ppr.se. Unless one does risrht \vithcnit ;
b€lns forced into it he is saining noth- j
Ing in himself, though, perhaps, for the j
farr.Hy, as later for the world itself, a j
forced goodness may be better than j
none at all. Yet In considering the in- j
dividual himself that need not be j
counted. In many families cme finds j
only this kind o* training. It shares-,
punishments and rewards with equal j
lavishness and folly. It takes no ac- |
count of the spirit which moves one to j
the act, yet it is not the spirit of the ;
uoer which is of greatest importance. i
Many a mother shows by her course I
that she ccmsiders it worse to break j
a bit c-f bric-a-brac than to be mali- !
cious or untruthful, for she punishes ]
severely the unintentional breaking of
a dish, passes with small attention the
He or unkindness. That is, she places
things above principles, the material 1
above the spiritual, the temporal above i
the eternal. Dues this not seem to be
a mistake? Are not the thing's which
count for character greater than those I
which are superficial? Are not those |
means which lead a child to see right '
for himself rather to be chosen than
those which punish h:m for what he |
did not know? • !
The occultists define sin as ignorance, I
therefore it should be the aim of those i
who govern children to help them to '
see wisely and thus avoid wrongdoing. I
How far this is from the usual course j
of discipline you may learn in an hour's j
observation of parents and children.
Following a natural and proper desire )
to increase his knowledge, a boy in
vestigates the working of a clock, to
the subsequent detriment of the article I
concerned. His motive was as correct
ag when he made the water mill for
which he was praised, but does he get j
praise for tinkering with the clock?
Probably not. More likely he is greet
'. ed with "You bad, wicked boy, tear
ing my clock to pieces. You are* the
j most destructive child I ever saw, and
I shall let your father settle with you
| when he gets home."
That reproof is a model of all a good '
disciplinarian would avoid, because it
i treats what really was a commendable
i motive as a wickedness. The only evil
was the disregard of the rights of the
property of another, and that was
through ignorance which could be en
| lightened by a few just remarks.
Then to "let your father settle with
I you" is a confession of weakness on the
j mother's part. She should settle her
'¦ own accounts, for her own sake and
] for the child's. He should not feel
I that his mother is a moral weakling.
¦ Had she talked with the boy, show
| ing him that she appreciated the spirit
; that had animated him and pointing
j out to him why he should not have
' taken another's property, even for the
i sake of gaining knowledge, she wouM
have brought him to a condition of
mind much more for his welfare.
Most people punish to relieve them
selves.- They call it doing good to the
child, but it is not. If a parent or
j teacher can punish, 'only when the of
j fense is fresh his punishment is use
i less, for ft is merely a gratification of
¦ his own need to let wrath, escape more
or less violently. One of the finest
I disciplinarians had this rule for his
j government: Never punish until the
I offense is a day old. Then justice dealt,
j and there was no personal irritation to
! weaken the forte of the reproof.
The difficulty with home government
lies in the undisciplined nature of the
mothers. They cannot control them
selves; how then can tney s act with
justice toward their children? The
woman who snatches*a little child from
; something It is interested in, saying
fretfully, "Why in the world don't you
let things alone?" is hardly prepared to
teach that child patience and self-re
straint.
A teacher who was unusually suc
cessful in getting " hold of her pupils
was once greatly troubled by a boy
who made flippant, impudent speeches.
She waited a while to find the reason
| for these, and then she had a talk with
I him in private. She said: "Ernest, you
have a way of saying impertinent
things which is very disagreeable. I
j think,* however, you do it because you
j regard them as. witty, and feel that the
] smile that sometimes follows is of ap
j preciation." He admitted that this was
j true. "Well, you are mistaken. Your
j classmates have spoken of this habit
of yours as ignorance on your part,
I and asked me to excuse it for the pres
i ent.". This presentation of the matter
| cured him. The same method will prove
successful in many perplexing cases.
In the home the baby Is laughed at
and called cunning for doing the things
that later he is punished for doing,
which is a puzzle to him, and also
shakes his faith in his parents. A good
J gardener will not plant anything which
j he will want later to destroy. Neither
will a good disciplinarian. Prevention
j is much easier than cure In dealing
I with the faults of children. Perhaps
the greatest mistake conscientious par
ents make in dealing with children is
j in attaching too much weight to trifles.
j and in emphasizing the wrong things.
j The power of suggestion Is reason for
I passing with small notice the faults one
j wishes to have* outgrown. Cure them
by praiaing their opposites. Speak
often of the good_ that should grow.
Find that and encourage it. : Govern
through admiration of the worthy, not
by fault finding. Children will grow
J unconsciously to like the models before
them, and the personal atmosphere of
their parents will count for more than
much preaching at them. "When the
spirit is most vexed within you go Into
seclusion before you express your
opinions. It will be well for you as for
the others concerned. Teach a child
to govern himself and you are a good
disciplinarian whatever the method
you* follow. Teach him to see for him
self why one course Is wise and right
and the other course wrong. Help him
to train himself, remembering that "he
who riileth his • own spirit is greater
i % »« h«» who takcth a cltv."
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS.'Froprieto: \ ......... Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Onice " • • . " Thll " d "^ MaFket Strccta ' a F
MONDAvZ....:. V .MARCH 14. 1904
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 14; 1004.
Out of the maze of conflicting reports that float to us
from partisan and prejudiced sources in the Far East
there is one that seems to be so universally accepted as
to be 1 the truth. It is that the Retvizan and the other
torpedoed warships of Russia at Port Arthur arc again
intact and ready for service. What must we say now
of the effectiveness of the torpedo in modern warfare?
The Russians have lost another of their Port Arthur
torpedo-boats. The fact is worth comment because the
loss was not sustained through mistake, ignorance or in
sufficiency, but in actual, honorable combat with the
Japanese foe. It is high time that the sailors of the
Czar were up and doing even if they have to lose. The
example of their heroes at Chemulpo should spur them
as it thrilled the world.
THE GREAT FLOOD — Subscriber,
City. The great flood in California
which inundated the city of Sacra
mento and forced the State Legislature
then in session to remove to San Fran
cisco was during the thirteenth ses
sion, which opened January 6, 1S6«
Th® flood pecurred December 9. 1361,
and when the Legislature met nearly
a oonth later the city was not in a
desirable condition for legislative busi
ness. On the 10th of January, when
Leland Stanford was Inaugurated Gov
ernor, there was another flood, and In
the latter part of the month both
houses decided to hold the balance of
the session in San Francisco, and it
was held in the Merchants' Exchange
building, on the northeast corner of
Battery and Washington streets.
Riotous students have been making martial law almost
a necessity of late in Prague and Vienna,* and the au
thorities of both cities are distressed to discover a rem
edy. . The tendency of the European collegian to. act like
a ruffian and to demand the treatment of a gentleman
has been one of the unsolved enigmas of the age. Per
haps some normal occupation, such as breaking stone in
a prison quarry, might prove efficacious. .
"The patrons of this paper will notice
a decided Improvement In Its contents
for this week only. We (tfcat is. the
editor pro tern.— and there Is only one
of us, but, to be an editor, must use
the 'we') are left in full charge to do
as we please. We had some thought of
making a radical change in the political
complexion of it and issuing a real,
simon-pure Democratic paper for the
members of that party who are tired
of taking mixed drinks and would like
to try a little straight. There Is a
bona-fide opening, here for such an en
terprise, but the time at our command
would be too short to undo the teach
ings of Bryan and others of his Ilk.
We could tell the 'Repubs'many things
for their individual good, but that is
One of the exchange editors of the
New York Evening Post recently ran
across the following picturesque sur
vival, or revival, of old-fashioned per
sonal and independent journalism —
country style. It was in the Salisbury
(Maryland) Courier, a Republican
party organ, whose editor a few days
before, on his wedding trip, left his as
sistant in charge. The subeditor as
sumed his new duties without embar
rassment and greeted his readers with
the following leading editorial:
Personal Journalism.
CIVIL. ENGINEERING— A. B. C.
City. The chances for a graduate of the
University of California "obtaining a
position in one of the big corporations *
would be the necessity for such. A
person desiring such a postion should
file an application with the corpora
tion and furnish reference as to cap
ability and standing.
The political campaign has been launched in Califor
nia by the call for the Republican State Convention. It
will not be long, therefore, before' we are wondering
how so many men, generally considered to be above re
proach, have succeeded in keeping out of jail so long.
We always have the satisfaction of knowing, however,
that our political orators mean nothing by their abuse
and influence nobody by their praise. *
AMMUNITION— Inquirer, Alameda,
Cal. What is meant by a round of am
munition in the army is one cartridge
to each man of a command. If the
men had sufficient cartridges to load
five times that would be five rounds of
ammunition.
TWO WRECKS— Subscriber, City.
The steamer Northerner was wrecked
at the entrance to Humboldt Bay Jan
uary 5, 1S60. The steamer Golden City
was lost off Cape San Lazaro February
22, 1S70.
HYDRAULIC MINE — Subscriber.
City. The Malakoff mine in Nevada
County, California, is said to be the
largest hydraulic mine in the world.
FREEZING — Subscriber, Alameda,
Cal. Water freezes at 32 Fahrenheit
and olive oil at 60 degrees.
Answers to Oiteries.
GRANT— A. O. R., City. U. S. Grant
was born on a Saturday.
A few days since one of the teachers
in the Buena Vista Primary school ad
dressed her class of young boys on the
subject of heroes and explained to them
In simple language that it was the duty
of every boy to be a hero at some time
and after she had concluded said that
the following week she would ask them
if any one had done anything that en
titled him to be known as a hero.
On the day appointed she again ad
dressed her class and asked If any one
had been a hero. For a few seconds
there was no response. "What," asked
the teacher, "has no one done anything
heroic?"
One little fellow raised his hand and
when given permission to speak said*
"Teacher, I guess I did."
"What did you do?"
The little fellow straightened up and
replied: "I was on the street with a
lot of boys who were stoning a China
man and I picked up a stone to throw,
but I dropped the stone."
"That," said the' teacher, "was a kind
of heroism which shows a good trait—
the ability to restrain the Inclination
to do a wrong. Now tell the class what
prompted you to drop the stone."
"I saw the cop coming," said he.
Saiv the Cop.
"In personal conversation with the
Czar one Is struck immediately with the
shrinking shyness and softly apprehen
sive, almost feminine sweetness of the
Russian Emperor." says Arnold White
in Everybody's Magazine for March.
"The contrast between the melancholy
and reflective Czar and the exuberant
ly vital Kaiser, bubbling and boiling
with unexpended life power, can be ap
preciated only by those who have con
versed with both. It must not be sup
posed that Czar Nicholas II is des
titute of strength because his habitual
outlook on life Is rather one of Oriental
resignation than of the hopefulness
that might be expected from the head
of a great Christian nation. The Czar
is remarkable for a dignity -which is
the more noticeable because he is small
In size, and his voice is gentle and
womanly. The dignity ia like the dig
nity of Queen Victoria, which impress
ed every one who entered her presence.**
The Czar's Presence.
"It was not that the girl's show was
poor, mind you— far from it, for that's
why I remember the incident so well.
She was very charming.and so perfectly
natural that I was much impressed
with her possibilities and have often
spoken of the shame of the thing — to
have to close the house. After all these
years I can play from memory a song
ending with the words, 'Well, maybe
you will, but I doubt it,' which she
sang as ah incident to the play, togeth
er with the old song. 'In the Gloaming.'
I have never seen the woman the
American public calls the great Mrs.
Fiske,. and don't know whether she
ever sings, but I was one who was not
surprised when Minnie Ma^dern Fiske
came into her own. I often wonder if
the successful woman remembers the
struggling girl and the time we had the
house closed on us because no one
would come to the show."
"Have you noticed the custom thea
ters have of closing for a week or so to
clear the atmosphere, as it were, for
the coming of a big artist?" asked one
of the older of San Francisco's orches
tral violinists as the conversation
turned on the closing of the Grand in
preparation for Mrs. Fiske. "Well, I
was Just thinking that they sometimes
close for other causes. The only time,
however, that I can remember of play
ing in a theater which had to close be
cause not a living soul could be coaxed
to the show— oh, don't you go and print
this, now— was when I was playing In
old Dietz's Opera-house. In Oakland,
back in the '80's. The play -was
'Caprice,' and the leading lady was a
slender young girl named Minnie Mad
dern. The play was billed for a week,
but after two nights the frost rusted
the hinges of the doors. I guess, for
they didn't open till the next show
came.
When Mrs. Fiske Was Young.
The first lesson to be learned and one which comes
with painful suddenness to the strategists of Europe is
that a sudden blow, coming without the preliminary
warning of official manifesto, may make havoc such as
no long and arduous campaign could do and is calcu
lated to produce a state of demoralization from which
the assaulted power has difficulty to raise itself. When
Japan withdrew its legation at St. Petersburg Russia was,
on paper at least, its superior in point of number of ves
sels and armament massed in Eastern waters. By the
dagger thrust at Port Arthur on the night of February
8 and the overwhelming advance in force upon Chemulpo
on the same date the Russians had two first-class battle
ships, two protected cruisers and a gunboat either sunk
or put out of use. This one stroke alone gave Japan con
trol of the seas and forced the erstwhile superior fleet
of the Czar to remain, divided in two parts, shut up
under the protection of batteries commanding land
locked harbors.
Drawing a useful lesson from this piece of strategy, a
high naval officer in the British fleet recently astounded
England by declaring that London was absolutely un
protected from a similar sudden attack which might be
made upon it by a small fleet of gunboats flying either
the French or German flag. Were the French to adopt
like tactics /with the Japanese, three light draught gun
boats or cruisers could leave Dieppe under cover of
-darkness, sail past Gravesend before midnight, shell
London and be back in the channel before dawn. That
may be true. Correct or not, the .voicing of such a
prognostication indicates the British realize .that Japan
has set a new standard for the solution of war game
problems. Crowded closely together as they are, with
their ports not twenty-four hours' sail from one another,
Great Britain, France and Germany must realize that
the innovation set them by the fleets of the Mikado could
be practiced with startling results in the waters of the
channel, the North Sea or the Baltic.
It needs no more evidence than that forthcoming from
the short month of fighting in the Orient to demonstrate,
had not the fate of the Philippines already proved it, that
the protection of dependencies at a great distance from
the sovereign country is a matter fraught with stu
pendous difficulties. Already Australia has begun to
send home demands for an independent fleet to protect
its 'shores in case of attack. Well may Great Britain be
gin to take stock of the resources she has at hand with
which to defend provinces 'on the other side of the globe.
THE lightning-like rapidity with -which the Jap
anese struck at their- burly antagonist, paralyzing
the naval arm of Russia's service and completely
clearing the Japan and China seas within the short space
of a month, has come like a bomb into the councils of
naval strategists. From the rapid events of the last
thirty days in the Far East have arisen startling
facts to make something like a revolution in the ac
cepted standards of natipnal defense. Naval authorities
both in England and on the Continent have been forced
suddenly to sit up and take notice of what the little
brown men have to teach them.
NEW WAR PROBLEMS.
A New Orleans .politician was convicted of a felony a
few days since and sentenced to a term in a penitentiary.
Is it required to draw the, necessary conclusion of logic
and locality and add that the convicted man is a Repub
lican? The conviction pf any other brand of patriot in
the Southern city would be a .novelty little less than a
sensation. .
A few days hence France will cele
brate with befitting ceremony the cen
tenary of that Code Napoleon which
In the eyes of all thoughtful people
constitutes the most enduring, as well
as the grandest, memorial r>t the flrtt
Emperor of the French. Other of hia
creations have crumbled into the dust.
But the code of laws with which he
provided France is in existence to this
day, and has, moreover, been adopted
more or less completely by many other
of the old world nations, while in this
country it Is in force, I believe, in the
State of Louisiana. Strictly speaking
the Code Napoleon was not promul
gated in its entirely completed form
until after Napoleon had been several
years on the throne. But, naturally,
the republic does not wish to promote
the cause of the Bonapartist Pretender
by extolling the founder of his dynasty
and so it takes advantage of the fact
that the most important portion of tfte
code having been promulgated on
March 21, 1304. at which time Franc*
was still a republic and Napoleon Its
"first consul." to celebrate the cen
tennial on March 21 next. In this way,
whatever honors are paid to the first
Napoleon as the creator of the code
will be accorded to him as chief mag
istrate of the first French republic, and
not as Emperor. Students of French
history will recall that he only assumed
the title of Emperor some weeks aft'ir
the promulgation of the Code Civil,
namely, in May, 1S04.
The Code Napoleon.
what Alan (the editor) gets paid for,
and, with his new responsibilities, we
cannot and will not work him out of a
Job. He is now at Atlantic City holding
a caucus (secret, you bet) on the state
of the nation, and I— I mean we— are
simply expected to amuse the patrons
until he returns. As his pass expires
on Tuesday. February 2. we expect
him on or before that date."— Current
Literature.
The third will make water color
sketches of Arctic sunsets for the cap
tain's collection, and between whiles
will aid the mate in designing the cor
sets he constructs from the whalebone.
When the three return the chances
are many to one that each will receive
$1 in sole pecuniary compensation for
many days of hard toil. But they all
will be wide awake."
Another of the trio is bound north to
drive the eight-ox teams used in tow
ing the whaling «bark through the Arc
tic canals.
A rude awakening has been the lot by
this time of at least three men who
shipped at this) port on vessels of the
whaling fleet. No sober sailor, and few
white men of any kind, could be in
duced in moments of mental clearness
to join the mixed company of a blub
ber hunter's forecastle. For this rea
son, outside of the Portuguese and Es
kimos, the crews of whalers consist
largely of preen hands. If shipping
masters told even these green hands
the unvarnished truth most . of the
whalers would be tied up for lack of
crews. Most successful shipping mas
ters could win fame in the realm of fic
tion. To the brilliance of their imag
ination and the convincing nature of
their imagery hundreds can testify.
When the fleet now out returns there
will be at least three new witnesses.
One oftthese is a blacksmith. As he left
the Storkton boat he met a shipping
master in search of men for a whaler.
The sailor-dealer engaged the husky
smith in conversation and in ten min
utes had hired him . to accompany a
whaling expedition to the Arctic. He
would receive a high salary and his
work would be to shoe the "decoy
whales" with corrugated steel plates to
enable them to make better time over
the Ice.
Their Rude Awakening.
"It is of course the merest truism," writes Roosevelt,
"to say that a party is of use only so far as it serves
the nation, and that he serves the party best who serves
the nation best. In 1856 and in i860 the party was of
use because it stood against the. extension of slavery; in
1864, because it stood against all slavery as well as
against the destruction of this Union; 'in 1868, because it
stood against those who wished to undo the results of
the war. These are now dead issues; but we can learn
how to face the live issues of the present day by studying
in good faith how men faced these dead issues of the
past. .We must act with wisdom, or else our adherence
to right will be mere sound and fury without substance;
and we must act high-mindedly, or else our wisdom will
in the long run prove to be but folly in the eyes of the.
just and far-sighted."
This calm, high-minded call of the head of his party
for probity and temperate, action on the part of all those
whose names swell the roster of Republicanism has
nothing in it of a partisan ring,, nor does it sound the
Pharisee's "I am better than thou." It could as well be
taken as the watchword of any party, for it is the arm
orial device .of an ideal Americanism.
which was his the speedy obliteration of campaign dif
ferences, the campaign being once over, and the union of
all in the work of prospering the Government. This
idea Roosevelt expands .into a party creed of honest en
deavor for the right and a wholesome sentiment, deep
and fundamental, lor a sane and conservative party prin-
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
6
Special Information supplied 4aUy to
business houses ami public men by tba
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal-
ifornia street. Telephone Maia lOii, •
Townsend's California glare fruits and
candies. COc a pound. In artistic fire-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market «.. above Call hldj.»Home Parties.
Police Bo Not Believe She
Was Badly Treated at the
California General Hospital
Captain of Detectives Martin places
no credence In the tale told by Mrs.
Ray Storck of 2005 Mission street
that she was inhumanly treated
while an inmate cf the California Gen
eral Hospital at Douglass and Nine
teenth streets. In a statement made
to Deputy District Attorney Louis
Ward early yesterday morning in the
belief that she was dying, Mrs.. Storck
again recited the 'story of the cruel
treatment to which she had been sub
jected and It does not differ materially
from the account published In The
Call. £ :
Dr. Thomas I. Janes, who has been
the medical adviser of Mrs. Storck for
some time and upon whose advice she
was taken to the hospital, declares
emphatically that there is absolutely
no truth in her allegation that she
was bound hand and foot and placed
In the basement of the hospital. Dr.
Janes said yesterday:
I nrat met Mi^ Storck two years a*ro. when
I treated her for exopthalmlc goitre. Her
condition at that time waa serious and I held
out no hope of her recovery. She went to In
diana, but returned and again came under my
observation about the flret of this year. At
that time she was suffering greatly and I told
Mrs. Sweet, her mother, that she would not
live ten days.
Upon my advice she was removed to the
Mount Zlon Hospital, and after six weeks at
that institution showed marked Improvement.
Upon her return home she complained of her
treatment there, but I know that she received
the best of care. On, March 0. owing to. her
precarious' condition. I ordered her removal to
the California General Hospital and she was
taken there In an ambulance. If she showed
no improvement on the following morning I In
tended to perform an orieraMon as a last re
sort. ¦ She was suffering excruciating pain
and was out of her head. That night Mlsa
Hoffman, the matron, advised me over the
phone that Mrs. Storcfc was In a dying condi
tion. She was suffering greatly and her
screams keDt the other satlents In .the ward
awake. 1 advl*ed her removal to a private
room, which I believe was done. ! Her tempera
ture on that nlgljt was 100 and her pulse 185,
which would account for a temporary mental
aberration. Orf the following morning I found
that she was so much Improved that the ope
ration was not necessary. On Thursday her
brother took her home and Thursday night they
called me. At that time they said nothing
about' cruel, treatments I know that she -was
treated nicely and kindly and there is no foun
dation for her statement. I saw her again
to-day and Mrs.. Sweet denied the stories that
havo been published^
The last meeting of the St. Patrick's
day convention prior to the celebration
was held in Knights of the Red Branch
Hall yesterday afternoon and was one
of the most enthusiastic of the year.
Chairman Casey presided and the chair
men of the various committees made
their final reports, which show that all
preparations have been made for a gala
day and the celebration promises to
eclipse all former efforts on the same
lines.
The meeting was opened with prayer
in Gaelic by P. J. Hagerty, after which
encouraging reports were received from
all the sub-Committees. A communica
tion was received from Rev. P. J. Cum
mins of St. Patrick's Church, request
ing the delegates to attend a Pontifical
high mass to be celebrated at St. Pat
rick's Church by the Archbishop on
Thursday morning at 10 o'clock. The
invitation was unanimously accepted.
GOLD AND SILVER PRIZES.
The committee on afternoon and
evening entertainment announced that
handsome and costly gold and silver
medals had been purchased and would
be presented to the winners of the va
rious contests at the Presidio grounds
in the afternoon. Practically no ad
ditions have been made to the pro
gramme of afternoon events.
It is earnestly hoped that Michael
Davitt, the Irish author and orator,
will be present at the evening exer
cises and deliver an address. Besides
the formal invitation sent him to be
present, a committee of three was ap
pointed to wait on'him personally and
urge his attendance at the meeting in
Mechanics' Pavilion. The programme
is now completed and may be briefly
summarized as folows: , Morning—Pon
tifical high mass at St. Patrick's
Church; afternoon— field sports and
Gaelic games at 'Presidio athletic
grounds; evening — exercises and dance
in Mechanics' Pavilion.
At the conclusion of the business ses
sion yesterday afternoon the members
of the convention were entertained with
speeches, music and recitations. Ap
propriate remarks were made by Ed
ward I. Coffey, Daniel Fitzpatrick, Mr.
Merigan, P. J. Tamoney, J. J. Smith,
Mr. Rooney, P. J. Moriarty and J. J.
McGowney. The following programme
was also rendered: Overture, Irish
airs, Professor d'Arcy; Irish music by
Irl?h Pipers Club; Gaelic dancing by
J. J. O'Connell, M. and E. Kelleher and
Percy Lorregan; vocal solo, Miss Kate
Flynn; barytone solo, Hubert Murphy.
BALL IN LYRIC HALT;.
Apart from the general celebration,
Division No. 2; A. O. H., will give its
thirty-fifth annual ball In Lyric Hall.
It was formerly the custom of each
Jrish society to give its own entertain
ment, but of late years all has been
merged into one grand celebration.
Division *No. 2. however, has stuck stol
idly by the old custom and Its dances
are always looked forward to with
pleasurable anticipation. The commit
tee having charge of the affair this
year is as follows: Arrangements,
John J. Rogerson, M. J. O'Malley, J. J.
Smith, Thomas Conroy, A. O'Reilly, A.
McQuade, Matt Casey, Thomas Kane,
John McFadden, W. H. Ratigan, M.
Dolan, James Gibney, Professor d'Arcy.
P. McGlinchy and J. J. Conboy; box
office, M. C. Gorham, James Gibney;
reception, James Smith, John -Kenny,
Matt Casey, J. J. Conboy and Hugh
O'Hara; floor. P. McGlinchy, A. O'Reil
ly, W. H. Ratigan, A. McQuade, Thom
as Conroy and M. Dolan; press, James
Smith, Professor d'Arcy and M. J.
O'Malley; door, John McFadden, Frank
McGuIre, P. Duane and M. Cox.
OTHER EXTERTAI NMEXTS.
Sodality of St. Francis nnd St. Patrick's
Parish Will Commemorate Day.
The annual entertainment to be given
by the Gentlemen's Sodality of St.
Francis Church in honor of St. Pat
rick's day, to-morrow evening, in
Washington Square Hall, Stockton and
Union streets, promises to be a great
success. The tickets are selling rapidly
and a large crowd is expected. Mayor
Schmitz will act as chairman of the
'evening and deliver the opening re
marks. The oration will be delivered
by Father Hugh Lagan. The pro
gramme contains the following inter
esting numbers:
Piano duet, Mies M. Schaefer and MIns Ma
ria Ryan; introductory remarks. Hon. Eugene
E. Schmitz: selections on the harp, Mrs. J.
Fitzsimmons; bagpipe solo. Professor Cum
mins; fancy etep dancing. J. J. O'Connor and
Patrick Lynch; son*. "Wearing of the Green,"
11. Murphy; monologue, Alex Rosborough;
song. "Kathleen Mavourneen." Mrs. Cecil
Mark; trombone solo, Alfred Roncovierl; Gae
lic solo. M; J. Connolly; oration, Rev. Hugh
Lagan: "God Save Ireland," by the audience,
standing.
St. Patrick's parish will give an en
tertainment to-morrow evening in the
Alhambra Theater. The whole pro
gramme will be Irish. The- Rev. P. T.
Collopy will deliver the oration. Irish
music will be rendered on the harp by
Mrs. Kimbal Fitzsimons, on the violin
by Pietro Marino, and on the pipes by
the Pipers' Club of San Francisco. .
The songs of Ireland will be sung by
Miss Etta Welsh, Miss Genevieve Sul
livan, the Elks' Quartet and by
Messrs. W. J. O'Brien, Burt Murphy
and W. S. Callinan. M. Thomas Hickey
will give a reading, and the Allen sis
ters, with Messrs. O'Connor and Lynch,
will give the favorite Irish dances.
The programme will be in charge of
Miss -Mary Short.
CLiASS OF SEVENTEEN •
CONFIRMED AT ST. PAUL'S
Loses His pnrse and Coin.
Walter W. Williams, a longshoreman,
complained to Policeman Hutchings
yesterday morning that a woman' had
stolen his purse containing $55 in gold
while he was asleep in a room at the
Royal Eagle Hotel, 23 Turk street.
Hutchings went to the place and ar
rested Maggie Leslie ' on charges of
grand larceny and vagrancy. When
searched Williams' purse, with a $20
gold piece in it, was found on her and
Hutchings got from the landlady {15
in gold, which Maggie had given her
to keep for her. The purse and $35
were booked as evidence against her.
in a private car and are staying at the
Palace.
Manager James Agler of the Southern
Pacific . Company returned yesterday
from-a tour of inspection of theSouth
ern portions of : the company's system,
including the new route by way of
Chatsworth Park.
¦ Albert Marshall,, a young capitalist
of New York, accompanied by a party
including his wife and children, Mrs.
M. E. Pendleton, Mrs.; H. F. Wey and
Dr. W. H.Hasklns, arrived here yes
terday In'a private car and Is registered
at the Palace.; The party came West
to escape'the severe winter in thejEast.
A class of seventeen was confirmed
at St. Paul's Episcopal Church yester
day morning by the Right Rev. William
Ford Nichols, . Bishop of the diocese.
The candidates were prepared by th^
pastor. Rev. W. M. Reilly, who felt
gratified at being able to present so
large • a class.' After the ceremony
Bishop Nichols made a brief address to
those just admitted to the communion
of the church, in which he spoke of
the importance of the step they ha.l
just ¦ taken and advised them to live
honest, Christian lives. Bishop Nichols
also preached the sermon at tile morn
ing service, urging upon his hearers
the necessity of true penitence and
suggesting the Lenten season as a
most favorable time to look back upoa
the, past and look forward to eternity.
Those who received the rite of con
firmation .were Francis Mary Martin.
Ida -Catherine Croxon, Manulita Lo •
rttta Roef ed, Leslie R. Smith, Lyman
Grimes, Charles ' * Veriager. Herbert
Piper, > Morton i Grimes, /Harold Haughy,
Ether Little, Georgina Marshall. Marie
Dickinson Bullard. Frances Marion
Johnson, Anna" Stein, Rose Brown and
Joseph Robert Holland.
At the conclusion of the sermon,
Robert Husband, organist of Grace
Church, gave a special musical service.
When Koosevelt was first made. & Police
Commissioner In New York he was told by a
friend that he could not enforce the law. and
that the acceptance of the position was his
ruination. Roosevelt answered, however, that
as long as he was In office the law should be
enforced. It was, but there are few like Mr.
Roosevelt.
It. Is not the policemen that are to blame, for
falling to make these arrests, for I would be
safe in saying that they are not asked to en
force the law.
In this city there is a law to the effect that
intoxicating liquors shall not ¦ be given to
minors, la that law carried out, or is even
an attemM ever made on the part of the po
lice to see that it Is carried cut? No, -and
what is worse, in some cases the officials are
Inclined to ehleld rather than expose these
atrocities. The other day I saw a small girl
Ftanding on e street corner. She was intoxi
cated, and when 1- approached her to talk to
her, a flask of whisky fell from her pocket as
she ran away.
Not lone ago. if you will remember, a cer
tain restaurant was found to be selling
liquors without having: a license to do so.
Whet wai> the result? The proprietor was told
to stop Felling the Intoxicants for seven days,
but now the place does the same flourishing:
business a« before.
In Rome an officer, more than nineteen cen
turies airo. prayed to God and said: "Oh,
how can I save myself from my environ
ment* ':" And so it is A politician that
may have intended at the beginning to do
what was rierht and honest, is surrounded
on all side* by mercenary dishonesty, and it
is not long before he, too. is corrupt and
shrewd.
The Reverend Dr. Francis M. Lar
kin delivered a sermon last evening
at Grace M. E. Church, which was il
lustrative of the amount of corruption
and vice exercised on the part of poli
ticians conducting the affairs of a
large city.
Dr. Larkin used for the subject of
his remarks, "A Police Official." Be
ginning with a Roman officer, over
nineteen centuries ago, he gradually
brought his remarks to more modern
times, showing in every instance that
the same inclination to dishonesty
prevailed. In part he said:
Keverend F. 31. Larkin Shows
How 3Iinors Are Allowed
to Purchase Intoxicants
llghtful birthday party at their res
idence. 837 Duboee avenue, on Wednes
day evening. March 2. In honor or their
daughter. Miss Sena Outsen. The oc
casion was a very enjoyable one. part
of the evening being spent in progress
ive hearts, In which the first ana booby
prizes were, expensive and select. The
dlningr-room. where an elaborate soread
awaited the guests, was beautifully
decorated with ferns, lilies and other
decorative greens. The Chinese lan
tern effect was worthy of praise. A
china vase stood In the center of tha
table, in which was placed twenty-one
Catherine Mermet roses, the center of
each rose containing a small burnins
candle. Many appropriate toasts were
delrvered and at a wee hour In the
morning the well-entertained jruests
parted with the best wishes for Miss
Outsen. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. H. Outsen. Dr. and Mrs. W. S.
Cheeney, Miss Sena H. Outsen. John
M. Ratto, Miss C. C. Jaggers. Edwin
Adams, Miss Mamie Haller, Frank J.
Ratto. Miss Annie Adams. H. Jasrcers
Jr.. Miss Matta Wolpman. William C.
Inman. Henry Outsen. W. B. Grlffln. L.
B. Wolpman. Miss Lillian Johnson. J.
Frederick Day, Mr. and Mrs. B. H.
Tie'tjen. Dr. W. Byron. Mr. and Mrs.
James TIetJen, Miss Amieta Tietjer*. J.
B. Outsen. Miss Mabel Dannin?. A. C.
Outsen. Miss Annie Griffin, J. Loss
kann and Mrs. Lack.
At their residence. 827 Harrison street.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Stewart were
pleasantly surprised by a party given
by Clarence C. Smith, brother of Mrs.
Stewart, Saturday evening, March 5,
the occasion being the third anniver
sary of their wedding. The evening
was spent in dancing, after which sup
per was served. Among those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. F. Pope. Mr. and
Mrs. N. Sullivan, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Welch, Mr. and Mrs. C. Lasky. Mr. and
Mrs. P. Christensen. Misses de Faunt.
Lund, Laurence, Rc-smarln, Xapp and
Fox, Messrs. C. Smith. A. Troy. G.
Sloan. F. Donoghue, B. Baker, T.
O'Neill. F. C. Treat. Fltz Patrick. H-
Scott. Donovan and H. Rasmuasen.
A most enjoyable birthday party wai
given by Mrs. K. Hlsgen at her home,
1307 Webster street, Monday. March 7.
at high noon, covers being laid for fifty.
The large parlors and hall were decor
ated in pink and green, the emblem of
the Rebekahs, of which Mrs. K. Hisgen
has been an active membtr for many
years. Handsome souvenirs were re
ceived by all. Those present were: Mrs.
Ludeman. Mrs. Meyer, Mrs. Wilson,
Mrs. Reader, Mrs. Monnier. Mrs. Meter,
Mrs. Gerdes, Mrs. Sanalove, Mrs. Gan
der, Mrs. and Miss Greeniger, Mrs.
Windt, Mrs. Sword, Mrs. Van Kater
back, Mrs. Prohl. Mrs. Suhr, Mrs. Ha
ken, Mrs. and Miss Anna Goetze, Mrs.
Ackman. Mrs. Buck, Misa Flenken.
Mrs. Van der Nuerenburg. Mrs. and
Miss Bollman. Mrs. Jost. Mrs. Segel
ken, Mrs. Feile. Mrs. Schliselman. Mrs.
C. Goetze, Mrs. Holman, Mrs. Bos
quet, Mrs. Blohm, Mrs. Hasllnger, Mrs.
Legge, Mrs. and Miss Jacoby, Miss K.
Devaco, Mrs. Zaph and others.
Mrs. O. C. Baldwin will not receive
on her day at home in March, but will
resume on the fourth Thursday in
April at 2415 Buchanan street.
G. A. Marshall, a popular member of
the customs service, was tendered a
birthday party at his home. 2076 Mar
ket street, Friday evening, March 11.
One of the features of the event was
the novel programme issued to the
guests. Those present were: Mrs. A.
Reed, Misses Lora Benhey. Amelia
Benney. Carlie Moore, Julia Sterne.
Ellen Benney, Daisy Marshall. Mollle
Benney, Etta Brown and Mabel Oliver;
Messrs. W. G. Shadman, H. L. Abbott.
H. C. Reed, Melvin Richards, A. J.
Flately, Arthur Oliver. William Reed.
Joseph Queroli, T. J. Benney and G. A.
Marshall.
'mYs. G. P. Jacobs, while ill. was re
moved to her mother's home. Her
many friends will be pleased to hear of
her convalescence.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Adelatein hare
returned from their •weddlngr trip and
are now residing at 402 Scott street.
Mrs. J. W. Wolf, formerly of San
Diego, will be * at' home Wednesday
afternoon, March 16. at 136S Geary
street.
Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Tichner an
nounce the twentieth anniversary of
their wedding. They will receive on
Sunday. March 20. from 2 to S p. m.,
at 927A Howard street.
One of the prettiest of home wed
dings iook place at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening at Alta Mira ,villa, Sausalito,
the beautiful home of the bride's moth
er, Mrs. E. A. Trefethen, when Miss
Donna Bloomfleld Felter became the
wife of Lieutenant Henry Todd Powell.
The ceiling and walls of the home were
hidden from view by garlands of
greens, flowers and ferns, flags from
the U. S. S. Thetis being in the center
of the ceiling .over the flower-laden
tables in the dining-room. The Rev.
Mr. Venablesof the Church of the Ad
vent, San Francisco, performed the cer
emony. A part of the decorations of
the house were in white and green
flags, long, sprays of asparagus ferns
and snowy white blossoms. Miss Felter
wore a gown of white crepe de chine
and chiffon, a long veil and carried a
bouquet of lilies of the valley. Miss
Ethel McCormick, the maid of honor,
wore white point d'esprit over white
silk and carried a shower bouquet of
asparagus fern. Lieutenant H. Rex
Searles of the Thetis acted as best man,
and Clement and Maxwell Johnson,
sons of Lieutenant Johnson, as ribbon
bearers. After the ceremony an elab
orate supper was served and the health
of the happy pair pledged a score of
times. After the honeymoon Mr. and
Mrs. Powell will go to Port Townsend,
where Mr. Powell is stationed in charge
of the U. S. S. Arcata. Miss Felter is
one of Sausalito's prettiest girls and
has been at school in Los Angeles. Mr.
Powell comes from Maryland and has
been in the revenue cutter service for
some years. One of the most pleasant
incidents of the pretty affair was the
unexpected arrival from Now* Jersey of
E. A. Bloomfleld, the bride's uncle. Mr.
Bloomfleld is a practicing lawyer of the
city of New York, whose home is in
Elizabeth, N. J. He is a representative
of the prominent Bloomfleld family
Weddings.
The vocal pupils of Dr. H. J. Stewart
will give a concert at Steinway Hall.
Thursday evening, March 17. at 8
o'clock.
The first grand ball to be given by
the Azureas will take place Thursday
evening, April 21, at Franklin Hail,
Fillmore street, near Bush. The affair
promises to be a great success and will
be under the supervision of Miss Bessie
Borren and Miss Ella Aigeltlnger.
El Alma Cotillon Club will give a
green ball March 17 at Cotillon Hall.
The Sequoia Social Club gave Its
ttrst annual ball Saturday evening,
March 5, at Franklin Hall. Otto Zeus
proved himself a clever floor manager
and the evening was a success. •
Overture, L.. von der Mthden's Orchestra;
vaulting' on Ions: hor*e, actives of San Fran
ciaeo Turn Verem. Professor Hans Go«tz in
structor; soprano solo, celected. Miss J. Budde;
••Die <1ret Keisende." comic trio. Robert Lor
entz Max Dunow and S. Levl. Choru» (a)
"Osslan." Veschnitt; O>) "Roalein im Wald."
C. U. Fischer: singing s«ctton of the San
Francisco Turn Verein, Professor G. Albrecht
director. Vocal "lelections, Mrs. Mathilde
Fltlscher-Kah'.er. Medley (a) couplft, K. Ixir
entz; (b) bass solo. S. Levi: (c) couclet, M.
Dunow. (a) Manual of arms. United States
army tactics; <b) calisthenics with arms; (c)
drum corps; (d) "Hally 'Round the Flair"; (e)
tableau (Past and Present). "Star-Hpangled
Banner," by tbe San Francisco Turner Schut
zen.
The San Francisco Turner-Schuetten
gave an entertainment and dance Sat«
urday evening at San Francisco Turn
Verein Hall, 353 Turk street. The fol
lowing programme was rendered:
An entertainment and ball, under the
auspices of King Solomon's Chapter,
No. 170, Order of Eastern Star, will be
given Tuesday evening, April 12, in
Steinway Hall, 223 Sutter street.
Club Parties".
Mrs. S. Sweet announces the engage
ment of her daughter Mabel to Dr.
Julius Baer. At home Sunday, March
20, and Friday, March 25, at 2764 Pine
street.
Mrs. ,E. Fleisher announces the en
gagement of her daughter Fannie to
Lewis Moses. •
Engagements.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles N. Schwab an
nounce the engagement of their daugh
ter Carrie to Henry Harris of Oakland.
Arrangements Include Invita
tion to Michael Davitt to
Make an Address.
CITY OFFICIALS
ARE CRITICIZED
The Ductless of Marlborough Is a
gocd clubwoman, belonging to five or
ganizations in L<ondon. But the Eng
lish clubs go in more for congeniality
and comfort than do most of our clubs,
partaking of all the luxuries of men's
clubrooms — not excluding, the smoking
room and cafe, where a very circum
spect butler dispenses brandy and soda,
shandygaff — whatever that may be — or
even the wholly Innocent quaff of rural
milk.
These clubhouses are said to be
wholly delightful In their domestic re
lation and dispense much hospitality to
travelers that bring their passports
with them.
The Irving Club, Mrs. C. J. Bauer
president, will hold its second March
meeting on Thursday next, when Mrs.
N. P. Cole Jr. will serve as "chairman
of the day. The absence in China of
Mrs. Seaton Tuttle is greatly felt in
the club, she having founded the or
ganization and nurtured it vigilantly
until it is now a virile factor in club
life.
So we are to hear the rapturous
Griggs once more in the* West. Not
that he himself is rapturous, but he
makes every woman who hears him yo
into extravagant rhapsodical ecstacies.
Of course you remember when he was
at Stanford, Anna B. Shaw, with, fine
d'seriniination, discovered him and.pro
claimed him to all the world as the
ideal man. Now what would you ex
pect* but that he would be deluged with
perfumed invitations to address sem
inaries, clubs, bun-worries and other
semi-intellectual assemblages, besides
.being bombarded when in" public with
eyes, goggles, and even by the dainty
lorgnette" whenever he ventured
abroad. He was written about, talked
about and saulnted at until he fled—
| and fled to Chicago. But he apparently
i has. forgotten and is coming out hero
next season to face the admiring multi
tude and to address the clubs upon his
favorite topics— men, women and chil
dren — and the talks are sure to be
feasts intellectual.
fore the restoration began, and later
with the work in progress.
The California Club, like Its fellows
of lesser Bize, is In the throes of elec
tion. The contest for president, for
Thich Mrs. J. W. Orr and Mrs. Aylett
FixU-enth — Non-members of the State Floral
Fociety Arrlring to compete can do so by the
l-srnvnt of fl.
Keventcenth — Exhibits entertd not for com
jotltloi will be admitted free.
Exhibitor* are reci'**-i't*<l to display tinly the
most pcrftct rprrimen* of flcwers. whether for
c-orotwtltlon or net.
AH wd>'« awarded by the- society will be
rnrraved at the expense of the nortety.
Exhibitors desIiinK thr nam 1 * of th«»lr par
cener In employ enrravf-d. rather than their
«>wn. »re requested to advlso the chairman of
the <v>tnmitt'><-. Mrs. J. n. Martin.
Fifteenth— EmployiV ticket* will be issued
without chare? to surh perBor.s only as are In
the employ of exhibitors — who, !n the opinion
• ¦f the commit t <:•<>. require the services of an
«tt**nrtant — and are not transferable.
Fourteenth — Any material*. Implement* or
rievioee pertaining to floriculture can he en
tered for exhibition under the nam«r of the ex
hibitor*, but they rnu?t be In position not later
thnn noon. Thunrfay. March 24.
Thirteenth— For the protection of property,
xblbitors w:tl nivt be allowed to rtisDcs? of
ut flowers until the official rlrse cf the rxhl-
Ninth — Any plant placed In a collection com
l*linz for a certain Dremium shall not com
pete for anv ot>>tr premium.
¦7 en th — Award* to b« decided on the first
day, and announced a? early as possible.
Fleventh — No pr<raium will be Kiven to
corr-pe? flairs failing to keep up thrir *xh!bitf.
Twelfth — Exprt-FH char*e« upon packajr* cf
flowers <r i'lants intended for ex'-.IMtion and
r^ymir.g from a distance will be paid by the
society uncn »>rpviou« notification to the man
ae-r. " Fuch exhibits will be cared for by the
committee in chare*-
Sixth — The committee on awards is au
thorized to rive ruitabie pile*? for any m»ri
toricuy r-xhiblt not named on the premium lift.
Seventh — No prize Fha'.l be awarded for any
article on exhibition unless It popyespes points
of superiority.
ES~hth— In no case can any article placed
en exhibition be remeved until a't^r the close
of the *hcw.
Fifth — Cut flowers exhibited «?hall. as far a*
possible, be a~eomr>anie<i by some of their
foliar* ariti budF. The committee will welcome
exhibits. liOTrever small, even a single speci
men, if meritorious.
Third— Plants offered for competition must
liavt lxen crown by the exhibitor. This does
not apply to the decorative exhibit?.
Fourth — No cards of a busine.«ti nature will
be allowed Jn the exhibition until after the
exhibits have been judged, and nothing to mar
the general beauty of the exhibition will be
allowed at any time during the phow.
After such benizens from heaven as
have been ours for a fortnight, the dis
play should rival the Garden of the
Gods. '¦• .
Mrs. J. R. Martin, chairman of the
executive committee, 275 Seventh ave
nue, issues the following rules and reg
ulations for the exhibit:
F"irst— All article* for competition mu?t be
properly entered, and be r*>ady for examination
»>>• 12 o'clock on the oi*n!ns day of the exhibi
tion, Thursday. March 24. Written applica
tion* for «i>ace should be made as ea'rly as
TK»*lb!e. ¦ ¦' ¦
Second— All flowers and plant? entfred for
premium? must be properly labeled and named,
hf far an urccticable.
The California State Floral Shmv will
hold its twentieth exhibition in the
grand nave of the ferry building on
March 21, 25 and 26. This affair, judg
ing from the earnestness of applicants
for floor space, will o'ertop its prede
cessors by a mile.
The Laurel Hall gave one of Its con
spicuously clever programmes at its
last meeting, when the day was given
over to the Bard of Avon, under the
leadership cf Mrs. Allan B. Evans,
chairman of the Shakespeare section.
While it cannot be said that there
are many superiors to Ellen Terry or
Julia Marlowe among the club mem
1-ers. the scenes presented from Julius
Caesar were very clever, the following
ladles figuring In the casts: Mrs. Bar
rows, Mrs. Brown, Mrs. Collins, Mrs.
Conrad. Mrs. Frank, Mrs. J. S. Gray,
Mrs. W. J- Gray, Mrs. Johnson, Mrs.
Parnell. Mrs. Priber, Mrs. Thayer, Miss
Bliss. Miss George and Miss Wood.
The music was a charming attribute,
the words of the songs taken from the
immortal bard. Miss Beulah George
pinging and Miss M. S. Wood accom
panying.
The Forum Club heard an excep
tionally clever talk on Wednesday af
ternoon by Ernest S. Simpson, the ver
satile clubman, newspaper man and
playwright. And now to his many ac
complishments is added that of salon
speaker.
—thereby following the lead of many
men, and men, too, that ought to
know Car.d do) better.
But to those women that have a no
tion that "'taxation without represen
ation" Is unjust and un-American, bas
ing their logic upon the row raised by
the Colonies in 1776, the Colorado mat
ter wID have no vital effect; but it may
t-erve to develop the distinction be
tween sex and personality, and that
mentally, morally and spiritually, men
and women of the same status are es
nentialy alike, controlled by the same
Impulses and amenable to the same
laws. And the cause of "equal rights"
will go merrily on, just as though those
Denver incidents hadn't happened.
What 3 tumult has been raised from
end to end of the country over the re
cently exposed election frauds in Colo
rado — the elysium of the suffragist —
jusrt because the political* tricks were
turned by women!
There's not a suffrage club in the
city that isn't discussing the develop
ments laid bare by the Congressional
investigation of Representative Sha
froth's election, its effect upon the con
stitutional crusade, and its Joans, of
Arc. According to the testimony taken
before the House Committee on Elec
tions, it was proved that fraud had
been committed, and that women— yes.
women— were the principal actors— that
th»y had stuffed the ballot-box in the
v.icked old style, "repeated," and had
lollowed religiously all the rules laid
down in the Tammany commandments
for the the regulation of elections. And
the upshot of it all was the withdrawal
from the House of the Newly elected
Representative — and every suffrage
club every bun? in the United States
— including our own— is making it the
testable topic for vigorous sessions.
To be sure, the constitutional croak
er is abroad with his digit shaking
prophetically, and breathing in
huarse whispers. "I told you so."
Said one of the leaders of the move
ment during a discussion of the matter
a few days ago: "Why, pray, all this
tumult about the matter— Just because
the culprits happen to be women? Here
the matter of sex unhappily over-
Fhadmvs ih° vital and primary matter
nf personality, and the world loses sight
cif the fact that lying, stealing and
cheating are not attributes of sex. but
of personality instead. This miscon
ception of sex and personality has done
mere to retard women'* progress than
al! "1 her causes combined. Thus these
Denver women who stuffed and were
otherwise dishonest were so construct
ed mentally and morally, and would
have done the same had they been
men." And many there were who co
incided vigorously with tho defender of
ih*> rank and file of womankind.
The matter of fact is that many
women that should have gone to the
polls to discharge their obligations to
the Government refrained from doing
fo — either from indifference or distaste
The members of the chapter were
greatly Interested In the speaker's pho
tographs o/ the various missions— but
particularly in that of San Antonio be-
As president of the California His
toric Landmarks League Senator
Knowland has identified himself with
the history of the State In which the
league is vitally interested and has be
come a recognized authority upon the
subject, having visited and taken pho
tographs of nearly every historic spot
or building in California. The members
experienced surprise at the work of
restoration already accomplished at the
Mission San Antonio *de Padua, below
Kings City, Monterey County, whe:c
the walls were rebuilt during the fall
and one-third of the roof replaced, thp
rains then causing suspension of the
work until spring. The walls were
carefully protected by sheathing, the
doors of the famous old sanctuary
boarded up. in which condition they
will remain until the rains are over,
when active work will be resumed."
Senator Knowland spoke feelingly of
the Intense interest of the Indians
round about, the Mission, whose an
cestors lie buried in the shadowy
church yard, and who love it with a
love almost unknown to us of another
race.
The Oro del Puerta Chapter, D. A.
R., held one of the most interesting
sessions of the club year when it con
vened Hast week at the home of Mrs.
G. W. Beaver, 1300 Taylor street, U»
listen to an illustrated talk upon the
historic landmarks of California by
Senator Joseph R. Knowland.
• • •
The P. C. W. P. A.. Mrs. Laura Y.
Pinney president, will hold its first
March meeting to-day a^ Century Hall,
when the proceedings will be as fol
lows: 1:30 p. m., meeting of executive
board; 2:30 p, m., business, current lit
erary news, bits about members and
story of the South Sea Islands by Mrs.
Emily Loud. On March 26, at 3 p. m.,
Mrs. E. J. Foster will present a clever
little stunt, a burlesaue on parliament
ary usage, entitled -A Model Session,"
with club members in the ca3t. The
Schuman Club, will contribute to the
programme. Miss Hoag, the clever lit
tle monologist, will read and Mr. Hir
schel-Stein will sing. Mrs. Pinney's
regime has been an interesting session,
although a few rifts in the lute have
been heard to sound discordantly. But,
all in all, the club meetings have been
full of delight and congeniality— as they
should be.
By the way, have you secured your
accommodations at St. Louis for the
biennial? It is said that applications
for rooms at medium. rates are coming
in daily and are being filled by the
committee on entertainment, whose
headquarters are in the Woman's Club
building.
All roads lead to the haven of rest,
for here will be rest rooms for the
weary, writing-rooms and a busy re
ception-room, where functions will be
held every afternoon in honor of the
visitors and visiting delegates. Going?
Honolulu is fast coming to the front
&s a club center. Our own Professor
Mary Roberts Smith is visiting th>?
islands, and on March 4 talked to th"
Women's Club in the Y. M. C. A.
building upon "Influences of Music
Upon the Early Life of a Child."
Somehow these childhood topics seem
especially fit and desfrable for club dis
cussions, although most of them have
had, or are having, "practical experi
ence" with rearing little ones; but we
h'ave all made, or are making, some
woeful blunders in the process, if we
are honest enough to admit it. Say
what you will, the intelligent student
of social problems — whether she's
raised a baby or not — can help us all
wonderfully, if we will only shelve our
own knowledge for a while and take
Jn a few thoughts along those ever
developing lines.
Mrs. Smith may not have reared a
kindergarten of her own, but she know*
a thing or two about normal develop
ment, wherein certain causes produce
certain effects.
The latest sensation in clubdom is
the secession of the Forum Club from
the State Federation. But this club
has been on the ragged edge of inde
cision for months, having in mind the
secession of the Sorosis Club.
The reasons offered have carried no
sorrow nor grudges against the good
old federation, only that the club has
no tales to tell of what it has done in
the way of work when the District
Federation meets in this city and neces
sarily feels a little foolish.
The Forum is essentially a social and
a mildly cultural club, and naturally
hasn't much to say when it comes to
an annual report— hence its defection.
• * • •
The Daughters of California Pioneers
elected the following officers for the
coming year Monday afternoon, March
7: President. Mrs. Sidney S. Palmer:
vice president, Mrs. Henry P. Trlcou;
recording secretary. Mrs. Romie Bur
nett Hutchison; financial secretary.
Miss Clara A. Adams; historian. Miss
Eliza D. Keith; treasurer. Miss Nellie
B. White; corresponding secretary,
Mrs. Ernest A. Lciph; directors. Mrs.
Kate Rov. Mips Julia Xeppert. Mrs.
Millie Blven and Mrs. S. A. Keith.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Ladies' Auxiliary of the Pacific Hos
pital will be held at the home of Mrs.
F. S. Ford, 117 Twelfth street, to
morrow at 2:30 p. m. A full attendance
is desired.
From the present outlook, it would
seem that Mrs. Orr, who has led many
strong reform movements as chairman
of the department of education in the
club, and is considered one of the clev
erest speakers and parliamentarians in
the State, and a good disciplinar
ian (which, hy the way, is essential to
a successful presiding officer of a wom
an's club) has somewhat the better of
It, though Mrs. Cotton, through her
years of patient and tireless devotion
to the club, has won many warm ad
herents. t
But what do you think has happened
now? Why, the ballots have gone out
to the members with the name of one
of the directorate candidates omitted—
by accident, of course — Mrs. Xavier
Rolker. Now, that invalidates the whole
proceeding, unless — well, unless Mrs.
Uolker chooses to withdraw — which
she probably doesn't care to do. There
fore will the work have to ho. done
over again, with the incidental club
women's swearwords, which, by the
way. is not more vicious than an oc
casional "darn." Some cynic has it
that that's all the darning club women
do — but, of course, that's only the
opinion of a misanthrope — and he
doesn't count In the world's work a
mole's worth.
Cotton are candidates, promises to wax
warm through the weeks to come
though the war be waged in friendly
fashion.
BY IiAUHA BRIDE POWERS.
that figured in the early history of New
Jersey, the . great-great-grandfather of
Mr. Bloomfleld having been one of New
Jersey's colonial Governors. Among
those present were Captain Michael
Healy, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Doane,
Mr. and Mrs. St. John McCormlck,
Lieutenant and Mrs. Maxwell, Lieuten
ant and Mrs. Johnson, Dr. Jorn of the
Thetis, Mrs. George A. Knight, Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Knight, Mrs. J. H. F. Peck.
Mrs. R. C. Poultney, Mr. and Mrs. O.
von Rhein, Miss Edna Rhodes, Miss
Helena Speyer," Miss F. Altenberf , Misa
Poultney, J. C. Beedy, N. Gilman. Lieu
tenant" E. W. Davis. Lieutenant Shoe
maker, Robert Chestnut. Bronte R.
Aikin, Harry Fish and Eugene Tre
fethen.
What's doing In society? Why, abso
lutely nothing deliberately planned save
a few weddings, a card party or two
and the occasional dance of a club
brave enough to venture forth with its
declaration for fun. But madame has
no time for aught than an occasional
tea or card party, for the -builder of
Easter frocks and the contractor for
millinery have need of. their time for
plans and specifications. But 'tis said
madame makes time for bridge and 500,
as they help to settle the score with the
commercial artists— but that can't be
true!
Monotony of Penitential Season Varied by a few Weddings,
Some Card Parties and Occasional Club Dances.
ST. PATRICK'S
DAY CELEBRATION
PROGRAMME.
Suffrage Associations Discuss Developments Laid Bare by
Investigation of Congressman's Election.
CLUBDOM FINOS TEA-TABLE TOPIC IN POLITICAL FRAUDS PERPETRATED BY WOMEN IN COLORADO;
WOMEN OF SOCIAL WORLD BUSY WITH MODISTES AND MILLINERS IN BUILDING OF EASTER ARRAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH It, 1904.
Don Porter, proprietor of the Kenyon
Hotel of Salt Lake City, and wife are
at the Palace.
W. J. Morgan, who is interested in
the cold storage business in , Sacra
mento, is at the California-
James Butler, a millionaire grocer
of New York, and the members of his
family arrived from the East yesterday
Dr. J. H. Stolper of New York is at
the Palace. '
W. Sarles, a rancher of Salinas, is
at the Grand.
B. F. Brooks, an oil man of Weed, is
at the Palace.
Dr. Belle Reynolds of Santa Barbara
is at the Palace. "
Dr. Margaret Koch of Minneapolis is
at the California.
T. J. Donovan, a merchant of Ven
tura, is at the Grand.
R. P. Quinn, Mayor of Watsonville;
is registered at the Grand.
Henry Lord Gay of Chicago is among
the latest arrivals at the Palace.
PERSONAL..
Rev. Morgan is conducting a series of
gospel services, and preached his first
sermon Saturday. He is a man of much
magnetism and eloquence, and took for
his next last night the parable of the
fig tree— St. Luke, chapter 13, verses 6
to 9— in which he pointed out the ap
plication of the parable to the life of
man. • '
Rev. Mr. Morgan will speak at the
First Congregational Church every
night this week, Saturday excepted.
G. Campbell Morgan, the noted evan
gelist, occupied the pulpit at the First
Congregational Church last evening
and delivered a forceful sermon. This
is the first visit of the successor of the
late Dwight L. Moody, and in conse
quence every. available seat in the large
auditorium was filled.
Kev. G. Campbell 3forgan, the Noted
Evangelist, Occupies the Pulpit,
AT CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.
DISCREDIT TALE.
OF MRS. STORCK
Mr. and Mrs. H. Outsen gave a de-
A most delightful entertainment was
given Friday evening, March 4, by the
guests of the Hotel Annapolis to their
friends, who numbered about 200. The
programme was musical and dramatic
and much talent was displayed, conspic
uously the singing of Mrs. Cora Hall of
the Native Daughters, who is soon to
Join an opera company in London. Mrs.
Hall, who is a handsome jfcmngr woman,
is following the advlc^ of Madame
Patti, from whom she received the
most flattering praise.
A burlesque song by Mr. Hilton. Mr.
Kutz, Mr. O'Neille, Mr. Rasette and
Mr. Warner .created much amusement,
and some lightning sketches by Mr.
Everrr.an were more natural than com
plimentary to his friends.
Mrs. G. L. Kronmlller trained a half
dozen guests in a week into really very
amusing actors. They gave • a farce
entitled "The Obstinate Family." In
which W. L. Martin and Miss Mattie
"Wellington, assisted by David Hall.
Mrs. Rasette, Mrs. "Will. Boone and
Clarence Bell acquitted themselves
creditably.
Several excellent piano and vocal
solos were given by Mrs. Hilton. Mis3
Mabel O'Neille, Miss Fanny Dam. Mr.
and Mrs. Kronmiller, Mrs. Holland,
Miss Welsey and Miss Mary Hilton.
The success of the entertainment was
due principally to the committee, which
was composed of the following ladies:
Mrs. Georgie Brown, Mrs. J. O'Neille
and Mrs. Will Boone.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Epstein gave a
purim dinner at their home on Mission
street on Tuesday evening, March 3.
Those present were Mr. and Mrs. Louis
Epstein, Mr. and Mrs. Gustave Schnea.
Mr. and Mrs. "Walter Melmon, Mr. and
Mrs. Abe Baker, Mr. and Mrs. Gutch
stein, Mr. and Mrs. Louie Melmoi\
Louie Zydler, Miss Lillie Epstein, Miss
Minnie Gutschstein. Miss Rosie Epstein,
Maurice Melmon, Harry Epstein and
Abe Epstein.
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
H^MI Before the -end of this week we ffllM
Hk\WI will have disposed of all the pianos §§////{
Rw| we acquired- through the purchase . liii\\(
Bral °^ e eno Mauvais business. We gf.w
'Hy offer fine Parlor Grands at $475 HM\j!
Bml • each. The "Electric" Nickel-in-the- B\u|
BH Slot Pianos at $375- (Price here- H||
||aw|J tofore has been $750.) Simplex 11^
>;'_; Bwl ¦ Piano Players — this week only — fr|%
bMI $150". regular price $250. We II
H l |w] °^ er a rnost magnificent "Wissner" §| If
BWJ Parlor Grand for $575- (It has raM
n\v|] never been offered for less than $goo H> )| '
wnui heretofore.)- Parlor and Chapel Or- liiV,!
K||j . gans — good makes— $50- A large K\f
is Mi - number of second-hand pianos in ' H mI
H^y|j prime condition at prices astonish- -.§3 4 /S
WfiM ingly low- Easy payments if neces- /yr
*3^ Ja/lftl Store open evenings this week. Kv/#
*^&^*^V 931-933 Market Street ly <fiz§§wTHE.; SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, .MONDAY. MARCH 14, 1904.
8
LODGIXG HOUSES FOR gALE— Con.
¦
• ',.. MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst -building] .over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3607. or take elevator-to 4th, floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every -sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
•'. ¦ SPECIAL— 9.
GREAT bargain i near Hotel Granada, corner
Sutter -and Hyde; 9 nicely furnished rooms;
a splendid modern I sunny fiat', worth $G25,
price $425; ,14 cash and almost no Interest:
owner has failing, health and must change
climate. - See my- agent v
V ,•¦¦'¦' :¦-•'_ MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL— 52.
GUARANTEED to clear over $200 per month:
f>2 rooms; well and . substantially furnished:
always full and eminently respectable; house
north of Market; rent $3 50 per room; price
$4500; part cash ; and balance as you .earn
It In the : house. See MARION- GRIFFIN.
! SPECIAL— SS.
CUT THIS AD. OUT SEE
MARION. GRIFFIN about that apartmer-.t-
house of 38 rooms, all permanently rented;
first payment only, 5750 and balance aa you
make it;; rent, very low.. for such a house.
SPECIAL— S.
A newly furnished f>-room flat.
One block north- of Market, and-
If you have.$IC0 to p»y down, go and
See MARION GRIFFIN at your earliest.
• SPECIAL— 1C.
Only 200 CASH -.- : ...
And 5400 in little ' monthly payments
Take?« that sunny lC-room house
On NE. corner north of Market et.
Roomers well-paid' white American laborers.
Not elegant furniture, but sufficiently good.
' Rent only 830 month.
MARION GRIFFIN, r.. 406. Examiner bldg.
SPECIAL— 100 ROOMS.
NEW and modern: elegant furnishings: 7-year
lease; Income $1097: total expanses $(V59;
profit- S4.1S each month; price $10.CC0.
MARION. GRIFFIN, r. 403, Examiner bldg.
SPECIAL BARGAIN, j
GRAND sunny corner, of , 40 rfoms, clearing
$173 over all; eale on easy terms: swell lo-
catlon; owner sick. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAlJ-14.
SPOTLESSLY pure; terms about H cash: 14
rooms; well furnished: full of steady room-
ers: clearing over $50 per month; worth
$900; price $6f,0. ¦:: . '
. MARION GRIFFIN, room 406, Hearst b'.dg.
SPECIAL— 21.
THINK twice — First; that we' can eell you a
21 -room houee full, of ¦ roomers for on'y
1 $1200; second., that you need only pay $400
down, for we lend 'you the balance, payable
In monthly Installments.
MARION GRIFFIN, room '406. Hearst bldg.
SPECIAL— 150. j
READ this Item— New corner house of 150
rooms; elegantly furnished; always full and
clearing $514 per month: Inexpensively op-
erated compared with other houses of slm--
liar character: low rent ' .
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 ' Hearst bldg.
SPECIAL— 30.
NEW house. 3 blocks north of Market; 30
very large desirable rooms; low rent; 3-year
leasei-most artistically furnished: ' will cl'-ar
$2CO to $300 owing to management.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 400. Hearst bldg.
_, SPECIAL — 48.
LARGE dividends and eafe as U. S. bonds:
new 48-rooirr apartment house clearing $2fi70
yearly; make effer to MARION. GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL-^50. ~
PERFECTLY appointed 50- room . house: very
centrally located; elegantly furnished la*t
April; electricity for. elevator and lights; hot
water In each room: lease for 9 years; In-
come $490 over rent;' all large. single room*
and roomers all business men..
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406. Hearst ljldg.
SPECIAL— S3. .
BONA FIDE well-established hotel with bar:
8.1 100ms; large dining-room; fine barroom
with big trade: hotel always full o* boarders
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406. Hearst bldg.
MINNA, 322— Lodglng-housa for sale cheap.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The W-ekly Call.
Ifi pages. In wrapper, for mailing.' $1 per year.
¦SPIRITUALISM. .
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium: readings daily, $1; de-
veloping class Thurtday 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
MRS. L. HODGSON.~148~S!xth St., room~lC;
test circle every night ¦ and sittings daily.
MRS. LESTER. 903 Mission; life reader, busi-
ness medium; read.'; dally; 'dr.. to-night, JOc.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
0:30 'to .4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
MME.. LUCRF.TIA, spirit medium; hours 10 to
5;. circles every evening. 14S Cth St., room 1.
ELISE BRA UN, renowned psychic.' My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. ' 8Stt Bush.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
elate- writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
. . CLAIRVOYANTS. ;
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at once and save $4.
His 'former $5 readings this week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. '$1. $l: $1. $1. $1. $1.
NO.CHARGR NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
You consult him.
• - <Ycu to b« full Judge.),
PAUL DESTINE.
The first regiEtered trance clairyovant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fair to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom,
lee to' tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or false; tell whom, and when you
will marry, in fact I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself; I restore lost affections, reunite the
teparated, cause hRppy marriage, make yotl
successful In life, cure* disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and burled treasures and Insure you success
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. in.; Sundays 2 to H •
• 32ft— O'Far'rell St. — 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, 'the .famous clairvoyant
and bu.Mneab medium, permanently located at
17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. ; she nads
»5your life correctly, glvee an accurate de-
svrlptlon of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In
the future; If you are In trouble, discontented,
or not satisfied- with life, or have 'domestic,
lov> or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to over-
come them; valuable advice in all affairs ot
life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
L ns l by lnal1 - TeI - Black 4569.
ISM Alt. the Egyptian gypsy, • clairvoyant and
pnlrr.ist. permanently located at 1104 Market
Ft., cor. Turk: private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to II p. ra.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in. person; 3 questions :'.nswered, $1;'
full llle, $5; tend lock of hair.^dat* of year
of. birth; don't send currency; send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo. money order or registered letter.
JUST ARRIVJED ' ' '¦ ! S _- DAGMAR
¦ The Egyptian palmist, clairvoyant and' card
reader; consult on aU'affalrs of life; If in
doubt. ¦ trouble or adversity, she will help
.'.you. .100 McAllister st... room 8.
A— MME. RAVENNA, -business and test me-
dium: ' names given: readings. 25c up. Of-
. flees 835 Howard,, bet. 4th and 5th.. formerly
of 6 Fourth. st. y ..-. . -.• ¦';.----
A— Miss M. .Wille; 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crya-
tal seer and life reader.' will tell yoiftexactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon; names given; special, $1 ; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted; clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat" your love 'affairs, domestic
. . trouble," .bus. - and -financial 1 success; names;
L.. 50c; P., $1. • 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MRS. A.\ H. KRONEN BERG.- palmist, clalr-
voyant. card readerjwhtn others fall try me;
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
MRS.? BROWN.- clairvoyant," card reader, re-
moved, from 132; to .23^4 Cth; 1. 25c, g. 50c.
MME. MARSEAU, card 1 - reader; ladles 25cT
..gents'OOc. 120 Sixth et.y room 15.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant. 017., Market, rooms
¦11-12: gives dates, names, -facts: hours 11-9.
MME,' WALTERS* great 'card reader; la. 25c;
gents,50c. 0.11 Mission: st., ..nr. "ith: open Sun.
OLDEST. lady .palmist- and. card reader in city.
MM Kearny. room 20;. ladles,* 25c: gents. 50c.
MRS. ; BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, , Is. npw. at 317.Ellls.it. :,
MRS.- SHAKER, clairvoyant, -card reader; sit-
tlngs dally. 44fi^« Jegsle »t.; bet. Bth and 6th. !
• "..'¦' ; CmtES BPPTPBI. i r '\_ -VI.."
WHO! — Hunter. 1206 Market st.: $100; ruptura
cure fort $10; circular explains: send for one.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, v sunburst ¦ and knlfe-pialtlng: double
stamps. on dress linings.- Stewart'^- button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel.Folsoin 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Mlllnery School—
Pattterns cut to measure; eve. class 1019 Mkt.
___^ DENTISTS. .'
DR. LUDLUsTmlC£ri^44TMarket. nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 00: fillings 50c:
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and'
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. H. G. YOUNG — Bridge, and teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1841 Polk st.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver 35c crowns. $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors.235 Kearny. ccr. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;fllllngs.25c
ARTHUS CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.rTl4.lst
floor. Pholan hid.. 80ft Market, cor. O'Farre'l.
EDUCATIONAL. . ~~
; AT home In our new Quarters, the largest, best
lighted and 'most deligntful place of business
study -in_.tbe ' entire West. New, complete,
exteneive' departments. Thorough, inspiring
Instruction. 75- page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE 901-
925 Golden Gate avenue.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket it.; established 18 years; th» school* that
secures positions for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters; catalrgue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day*
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue Tree.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good' position; Gre^c
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping; S.F.. Business
College. 123tt Market st.
STAMMERERS taught to talk:, no drawl!
singsong or motions. Call or write Natural
Speech Academy, laiO East Twenty-eighth
st., Los Angeles, Cal. i
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. Pretldent Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening cessions. Phelan bldg.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun. ;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Danoln-T. 1550 Market, nr. Larkin.'
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be con-
petent stenographers. 1.1S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.:
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day. eve. ; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of MlnesA Electricity, 24 Post
St.. S. F. ;a practical school' of engineering;
, complete eqniprr.ent. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min*. mtch . sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, ev.; e«t 1SC4. Van
d>r Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
KINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk et..
bet. Pine and California; classes now open.
BAN.IO. mandolin a.nd guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 46'J Geary st.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano $3 per mo.;
mandolin club $1 per mo. S2S' Halght St. ¦
ESPANOL — Metodo practlco y progresivo.
Rafael Serrano. 530 California, cuarto nm. 4.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st.— Night class.
PIANO lessons, 25c half hour MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH.French.etc Prof.DeFllippe'EAcademy
of language; 320 Post: estabd 1871; ablest profs.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. *21 Post St.; tel. Bush 135^
Japanese-Chlneee employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlneae help. 420 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau.
504 Kearny St., icom 3; phone Black 4458.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411V4 O'Farrellr tel. East 426.
1 FRITZ'S Emp. Office: Japanese and Chinese
help.- 415 S'ockton. Tel. Grant 163.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE, and Japanese help; eatab. 20 years.
Tel Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOTMEVr WAM'ED— FKHALB,
(THIS office opens at 8:30 a. m. and closes at
6:30 p. m.) — A capable, strong woman with
one child wants a place, in country, to- cook
and do general housework. Send particulars
care MISS PLUNKETJT'S EMPLOYMENT
BUREAU. 425 Sutter St., near Powell; tele-
phone Main 5472.
(THIS office opens at 8:30 a. m! and closes 5:30
p. m.) — Two young, strong, capable second
girls with good city references want work at
' $25 a month In town or country; have good
city references. Call, telephone . (Main &472)
or write to MISS PLUNKEIT, 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell. \ - ' -
S'IRONG, willing American woman wants
work by day, $1 2o and car. faro; washing
and housecleaning hot done same day; car-
pet cleaning and laundry work. 737^3 How-
ard st., second flight, room 12.
YOUNG Norwegian gig} wishes place to da
second work. Call arter 2 p. m.. 200t» Du-
pont st., near Francisco. -' • <¦ .
COMPETENT, woman wants situation to do
gfttnal nous*. work; good cook; no cards an-
swered. Apply 1_41 Broadway, Oakland.
A WOMAN wants to go out -working by the
day. 230A Clara St., rear. - L
DRESSMAKER ann sultmakXr, street suits,
evening gowns; .good cutter and tttter; oniy
first-class work done; lew more engage-
ments Ler ilay. E. C. BARSS, Sherman
House, i!S Eighth st.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by
the Oay or at home; $Z and lunch; shlrt-
waUts, suits and summer dresses. 27B Pearl
St., bet. Valencia, Market and Thirteenth.
2 FINLANDER girls wish positions; one as
cook, cith»r as general housework; best of
references. Address \'.i Hampton terrace, off
Washington st., bet. Powell and Stockton.
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse wishes engage-
ments; best references; $12 a week. Call or
address MRS. WILSON, 474 H Tehama St.,
near Sixth: no postals.
WANTED — By thoroughly experienced sick
nurse, engagement with Invalid or convales-
cent patient: bif.t reftrentes. Address box
4371. Call office. ¦ .
AMERICAN woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or cooking; neat and relia-
ble; city, or country. Address Housekeeper,
20« Eddy st.
TWO reliable girls wish positions; one aa cook,
other as chambermaid; best ; of references.
Address 13 Hampton Terrace, off Washing-
ton St.. bet.-Powoll and Stockton. *
A LADY, would. like four hours' chamberwork
in- rooming-house or hotel. Address MRS.
HARRISON, 20 Rlnggold st.
LADY employed forenoons would like teach-
ing, sewing or any light work for afternoons;
'. flrst-class references. Box 45C3, Call. ¦¦ . "!•-
A FRENCH girl desires position as chambcr-
. maid or governess in a good family. Call
f 1087 Powell st. . ..
A RELIABLE girl for general - housework:
wages $30 per month. Please call Monday,
2911 16th St., • from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A YOUNG woman as working housekeeper In
family with a child 3 years old. Please call
at 1346 Utah st.
A GOOD woman wants house and ' wfndow
cleaning: $1 50 day; does small wash. 151* A
\ Howard st. ' ' . '
SITUATION wanted for orphan girl -of 14 to
assist In work In exchange for good home.
Box '4565. Call office. ... . ._. . ' -,'
YOUNG lady wishes to do copying or address-
ing envelopes. , Address MISS H. E.. 1032
Sanchez st. ' • ¦' • -.-.-' -
I- i .
YOUNG lady wishes to coach children or adults
In primary or grammar studies. Address
MISS A. I.. 1032 Sanchez st.
POSITION wanted by two good Swedish girls;
one as cook, wages $35: one second girl, $20.
Call Monday and Tuesday, 835 Fulton' st.
YOUNG lady stenographer, with knowledge of
cooking; Xcan furnish good reference. Box
43«9, Call office. . ' '
POSITION wanted by trained nurse In doctor's
office;,- best of credentials; 10 yeara', experi-
ence. Box 4372. Call.
A" COMPETENT woman wants work"-. by ' the
day: $1 50; good worker. 37 Hitch st. '
LADY wishes position as housekeeper. 110
, Sixth st.. room 17. ' • ' " V '.'.'
SWEDISH woman wants work cleaning - and
washing; $1 50 per day. 02 Ninth st. '«..<'¦
A YOUNG . woman with baby wants -work [ In
small family: small wages. 570 Harrison st.
YOUNG lady with experience • as • bookkeeper
¦ wishes, position r in office. Box 2287.: Call.
A LADY wishes laundering to do at borne.
Phone Fell 1041. ____________________
ADVERT1SEM ENTS. . supscriptlons received • at
Call ' branch . office, cor. Duncan & Church stB.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken . for > Ths
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister 'st.
I F1M.TS JTO LET.
AAA-HOCSE RENTTNO
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department. <™**JH**
in number; a combined list frora a 11 **«£*«_
let us give you a list and help you to flnd a
place; we never fall: « cr y, l ".^''-~s
STERLING FURNm^E^CO.
OPPOSITE MgALLJ3TK».
ALL of the most desirable fiats and »"«*_» •£
listed In our renting department: tet u» gt»«
you a list and help you find « «• '" S5L_5_J
tlon you want- STERLINO r^;* T ?i R 5
COMPANY. 10S9 Market St.: service* aoso-
lutely free^
FELL. «51, between Buchanan and V ?** ate *-Z
New sunny flat, never occupied: S rooms ana
bath; every modern Improvement.
SWELL 4 rooms and bath. 907 Hayea St.: wa-
ter, garbage; hall lights; Janitor service.
$30-$32 50. .
TWENTY-SECOND. 8538. near Dolors^-fl
rooms and bath; double parlors; rent $13.
ELEOANT NW. cor. flat; 7 rooms (all front);
bath, marine ?law: $45. Phone G«ary **S.
FLAT, 6 rooms: bath: stable; sanitary Im-
provements. Apply 338 Thirtieth at.
'
PULTON. 225— Flat of » rooms; r«nt t!2.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to 1st. Call
on LYON A HOAQ. 116 Montgomery at.
JtTST completed; new 6- room flat: tinted, and
all the latest Improvements. 2413 Tolsom at.
LINDEN are.. 506— Thr«« nlo« sunny rooms.
basement; rent $11.
BUNNY flat to let. Including stalls for 3 or *
horses. 814 Treat av.. near 21st and rolaom.
YORK. 923. bet. 21st and 22d sts. — Modem flax
of 5 sunny rooms and bath: rent reasonable.
CHEAPEST and peat In America— Tha Weekly
Call 18 pages aent to any addres* In th»
United States or Canada on* year for fl.
FLATS TO LET — FURBISHED.
A~XICELY furnish-d flat of « rooit la and bath;
good home ; can rent rooms ; rent $22 per
month; $200. .".28 Sixth St.; sickness.
WASHINGTON. 2S3.1, near Alta Plaia— Beau-
tifully furnished sunnr flat of 7 rooms.
FLATS FOR SALE Fl'RXISHED.
A NEW flat: furnished completa for house-
keeping; 75 yards carpet, good as new; $10O
will buy taken before the 13th; rent $15 per
month. 27 Leslie at., bet. Eighth and
Ninth, off Mission.
ELLIS. 1040— Nicely furnished 8-room flat,
cheap; parties going East.
NICELY furnished, modern 9-room flat; sunny
corner. 026 Van Ness ave.
$350— FURNISHED Cat. 7 rooms; new. mod-
ern; or will rent furnished. 824 Turk st.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
(X. B. — THIS office opens at 8:30; cloaes B:30
p. m. sharp.) •
A working housekeeper for small hotel in
country. $25 (no cocking), far* paid, refer-
ences; a nurse for an infant. $30. city refer-
ences; a cock for a flrst-class German fam-
ily. $35; a girl to help In a delicatessen store.
$20 a month; a woman with on* child for
light cook's place. $15 tsee lady here Monday
morning). Apply MIS3 PLUSKBTTS. 42o
Sutter st., near Powell. ' rr
(THIS office opens S:30 a.m.: clo^s 5:30 p.m.)
A pastry cook for larga place, $40 a month,
no room: must work from 9 to 5 each day.
Apply MISS PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter St..
near Powell. V- *"
(N.B. — THIS office opens 8:30: close* 3:30 p.m.)
T»o waitresses for flrst-class commercial
hotel In city, steady work, $25, board and
room; a waitress to take charge of small
dtning-rccm in city. $23, board and room,
easy place; a younj girl to help in small
restaurant. $20 a month; a dishwasher for
first -class restaurant in Oakland. $25 and
board, no Sunday work. Call at MISS
PLUNK ETT'S. 4'.» Sutter at., near Powell.
A LAUNDRESS. $30; nurse, one child. $3O: 4
cooks. $30 and $35; two second girls. $23;
chambermaid, country hotel, $25; housegirl.
$30: ranch cook. $25. Mrs. Norton. 313 Sutter.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from. A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $lt) per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary at., room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to> flnlstl
In 1 month for $13: positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed a'- $10 per wit up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslnz
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket ft., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve. class; call.
YOUNG woman of gocd aDDearancs and en-
gaging manner: casabie of recelvtng at so-
cial entertainment about one hour each
evening.. Apply Monday afternoon at Y«
Liberty Playhouse. Fourteenth and Broad-
way. Oakland.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
wages. 65« Mission st., third floor.
A— OPERATORS on children's wash suits;
good wages. 656 Mission st., third floor.
WANTED — A talloress to work with bushel-
iran. J. GORDAN. 1124 Market at.
FIRST-CLASS coat finisher wanted. 520
Kearny. room 1. upstairs.
WANTED — A young girl for general house-
work and cooking. 1S05 Laguna st.
OIRL from 3 to 7 p. m. for housework and
cooking; wages $12. 2300 Leavenworth st.
GIRL wanted: light housework; good home.
623 Halght st.
GIRL to assist In housework; small family?
14t3B Mason st. '
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply *«
Chutes S p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
ARTISTS wanted: the Stanley-Taylor Com-
pany desires artist* of the best ability In ih>»
following lines of commercial art: In
wash and pen for cover designing, poster
color work, Ross paper, photographic re-
touching, machinery drawing with air
brush; only experts; no amateurs; samples
must be submitted with application; per-
manent positions. 656 Mission St.
WANTED — Resident of Oakland.: tall, bright
young lady of good family; stylish and good
appearance: responsible posttlon; good week-
ly salary, with chance for advancement; ref-
erences required. Address box 1072. Call
office, Oakland.
WANTED — Refined, m!ddle-ag»d lady, no ln-
cumbrance; companion to lady; small wages
and good home; references. Address box
1075. Call office. Oakland.
A— STOCK girl wanted for manufacturing; de-
partment. 43-53 Ellis St., bet. 8:30 and
9:30 a. ra.
WANTED — Girl for housework and good cook-
Ing In small family; no washing: good wages-
German or Swedish preferred. 1080 Ellis «t.
WANTED — First-class Jacket and skirt after-
ation hands Aoply between 9 .and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS".
FIRST-CLASS button-hole makers on vests-
wages no object. - 2301* Ninth St.. opposite
Clementina.
RESPECTABLE young firl for housework and
cooklny ; references; 2 In family. 2399 Pin*.
WOMAN to assist in house from 9 o'clock un-
til 4. Box 4CS0. Call.
GIRL for housework and cooking; family of
3; references. Call 1533 Fulton. » to 11; $2O.
CANDY packer wanted. B. J. BAUM, 1144
¦ Howard st.
WANTED— Experienced waitresses. Argyla
Grill. 234 McAllister st. , Arw7l °
EXPERIENCED waitress, small restaurant
$S week: half day Sundays. 23S5 Market st.
WANTED — First-class waist and coat hands.
- J. BAER. 1200 Geary at.
WANTED— Girl for aecond work snd waltlnr
Apply, with reference. 2440 Par!flc ave.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on euntom pants -
»t»ady work: good pay. 41 m Kearny at.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 2210
Central ave.: take car; fare paid.
A VEST operator: steady work; good wares.
Apply S. N. WOOD A CO.. 27 Geary st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. co»T Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH office of Th« Call for the recen-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been op«ned at 1008 Market sL. opooatU
Fifth. Open nntil 11 p. m. *»pi»»»»
HELP WASTED — MALE.
an-'
married men. between ages of 21 and «•
citlxens of United States, of good charact-r
and temperate habits, who can speak r#a"d
ard write English. For Information apoly t»
Recruiting Officer. Rialto building, jciw
Montgomery st.. San Francisco, or 102S S-e-
onrt st.. Sacran-cnto. ¦<
A FIRST-CLASS drummer on ettr d«llve-«
wagon; wages $18 a week; German preferred-
references required. Box 43S3, gyy "**»
LODG1XG-HO17SES FOR, SALE.
A. CAMERON _ CO. -Phone South 103<X
8 Fddy «t., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarter" for rooming-houses, hoteli — Qu
all kinds of business chances.
128 rooms; cheap rent: long lease: flrst-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $300 to $600 per month; must
sell on account other business; only with us.
9-room, new, modern flat; 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished, cost over J1S0O; a bargain; sick-
ness. *
50 rooms; elegantly furnished: fine location;
cloee In; new and modern throughout; full and
clearing $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an estate; only face of . mortgage now
on it asked; chance of a lifetime.
80 roomi-_part offices; elegant new building
¦ nd furniture; high-class location; beautiful
hslls; everything modern; flrst-class grill in
connection: best proposition in city; called
East. - ¦ ' -
24 rooms; rent $145;. new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine' proposition;
good- lease.
IT rooms; rent only $70; oak furniture, ax-
minster carpets; fins location: clears $80; fln«
buy.
8 rooms; Hne upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$150. ,. ;
28 rooms: oak fur., velvet- carpets; close In;
can be run as boarding-house if desired; flSOO.
162 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
mcr.t-house in San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent: clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part ca«h.
balance S per cent per year. . ' . . .
18 rooms; rent $S5; well furnished: all new;
$CCO down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
23 rooms; rent' only ?C0: north Market; all
full: clear* $100 per month; price $1800; will
exchange for small chicken ranch. _
106 rooms; new; moft elegantly appointed
family hotel In city: all full an clearing $400
to $600 per month: books open for inspection:
obliged to leave city.
7-room flat; rent $*0; onk furniture; good
carpets; dekness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel: beautiful. furnishings: clear-
Ing $600 per month; every room full; will
Etard the strictest Investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close In: thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
8tJ rooms; corner; rent only $500; best down-
town house in city; electric elevator; well fur-
nished; guaranteed to clear $400 to $500 per
month: books open for . inspection: everything
In flrst-class shape; on account other business.
30 rooms; rent only $150: oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close. in; fine money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house: luxurloiiFly furnished: 6-year contracts
for cheap lighting: grand new building: clear-
ing $400 to $6OO per month; obliged to leave
city.
11 rooms: rent $40; close In: oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 orer all
expenses; $100 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
4<5 rooms: rent oniy $65; well located hotel
south df Market; fin* b«r. well stocked: brick
building: electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time: pries $25(»0:
will exchange this with good real estate for
larre downtown house.'
.S-rocm upper flat; corner; all. runny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms: fine downtown corner house: pri-
vate bathe: beautiful furniture: 2 entranc»-i;
takes" In $30 to ?4O p*r day transient, besides'
regular roomers: will bear investigation.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $S.">: oak fur.:
good carpets; housekeeping; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; «t rooms landlady;
price ?1600.
60 rooms; new; modern a partment-hou?e: 10-
year, lease: cheap rent; clearins .$250 to $300:
very central; flrst-class proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern building; in
one of the best- cities In Southern. California :
electric lights: hot and cold water; everything
up to date; 9-year-lease: rent only ?200; clear-
Ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
2-T. rooms; well furnished: flrst-class. tran-
sient- house: 2 hlocks off Market; 5-year leas-;
clearing over ?100; good .buy for some one.
35 rooms: rent only 5150; close In: thorough-
ly renovated, put In first-class condition; orn
be run transient If desired: clears now $IS."»
per month: part cash, balance time", good
money-maker. ' ' ¦ .
31 rooms:'rent $110; all light rooms; clear-
ing-over $100 per mo. :.. regular snap; only $R00
to get fn: must leave city at once; price $1300.
10S rooms; cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished: up-to-date apartment-house; has
fine bar; can b» run In conjunction If desired:
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can b<» paid out of house; other business
interests demand immediate departure.
12fi rooms: rent only $4 per room: new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
llrrhts; tong lease; clears $100 to $500 per
month; one of .the f+est buys In the city.
C. E. HINKLKY. Phone Mlns 7!>6.
1020 MARKKT ST., OPP. FIFTH.
FORMER PATRONS my best references.
• 0 rooms, Leavenworth st.; snap $300
12 rooms, SuttT st.:- offer wanted... .'. .$500
6 rooms: rrnt $25: a gift at $200
.17 rooms.; sunny corner: rent $55 $1600
10 rooms, north of Market St.; rent $40.?40O
23 rooms, one floor: rent $35 $1100
3» rooms; rent $G0; profitable $1550
85 rooms: sunny corner; lease. $6000
110 roomr; modern apartment; exchange city
property. ,
46 rooms: swell anartments; clears $200;
offer wanted.
Il« rooms; apartment house; low rent.. $5500
Call for our list. .HINKLKY. 1020 Market st.
MITCHELL A CO..... P.hone Jessie 2081
1200 Market St., opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40; sell or exchange; price $650.
65 rms.: downtown house; steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
2<! rms.: choice corner rooming-house; unex.
celled for transient as weir ae. steady roomers.
25 rooms: well appointed housekeeping sultcb;
landlady must sell; -make, offer.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
100 ROOMS, sunny corner, rent $125.. ..$4500
40 rooms, south of Market, rent $110. .' 2000
46 rooms. Mission warn! belt, rent $63. 2250
20 rooms, rummer resort, rent $400 yr. 550
14. rooms, Hne location, rent low 700
Hotels »n«l summer resorts. ¦
~kh. F.ITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
A— $1000; houss of SO rooms, 37 beds;rent $100.
lease of 4 years;good furniture; rooms always
occupied. See R. G.,V/ILKE, 26%. Kearny.
SUTTER — 14 large, light corner, rooms; nicely
furnished: all rented; bargain hunters, ex-
amine this. Owner, 200 Kfarny st., room 1.
FOR sale— 11-room house, niceKy furnished; full
of steady roomers: clears'$52 over rent; own-
er paralyzed: must sell; offer. C43 Geary, st.
CENTRALLY located corner' house; 54- rooms;
nicely furnished; rent $225; long lease; must
be sold. WILSON'. 400 Taylor St. . •' • : i •
32 ROOM?? north .Market: fronts 3 streets: 'nil
light rotms; sale at bargain; clears $100.
Apply own«r. 125 Fifth st. • :¦¦•'-. ' v
FOR fa'.e— Lodging-house.- 20 rooms; onMar-
. ket . st. :' clearing over $135- per month. ' ' Box
45S3. Call office. ;.---•-¦. •
A— 14 ROOMS: snap; all full. Call 212 Fifth
¦ »t.. between^, and 3. p.' m. .!¦¦¦ '¦ •-.
18. ROOMS; rent $70; Jong lease;- furnished new;
clears $C0. . Call .at S56 -Ellis at. ' , ¦..,.
LODOING-HOUSE. 30 rooms; rent $125; will
sell reasonable. ; Box 45f>7. Call office. •-
HOUSE of 30 rooms; rent $50; price $600. Call
. 1110 Mission st. :. .:»•..;.: v
c a it pgT^ H^Z^S^^JJS^5^?J^S:'
AlR.now universally used In cleaning carpels
.on floor, without removal; • prtc* moderate.
E. F. -Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. •'Call
building. Phone Main 0237. ¦ ..
WHEN you become disgusted. with your work
aend for SPAULDINQ'd Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing. Works. 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40. •
DEL MONTE — Carpets renovated on > the' floor;
also beating. - &47. Hayes st.;. phone Page tj.JS.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison Et.; Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 225.:
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 143'.! Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE CarpeJ Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tet. Main r.04. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH fc CO.. carpet-beating works; prices,
reasonable. 1703 Harrison rt. : tel. Mission 203.
CONKLIN'S i Superior- Carpet-beating Works,
433 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East *«,
7OH2T Z>. SPBICKILS. Proprietor.
Ttimz ccmniianns to JOES KcKACGHT. Kaisgcr
\Y. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A«k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Coa-
cect You With the Departraent You Wlsn.
Publication Ofllc* Market and Third. B. F.
Editorial Boom 217 to 231 Stevenscm et.
Delivered by Carriers 20 Cts. Per 3f«* k . 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies JCoti.
Terrr.s by Me.il. Including Postage CCaen With
Order) : «a «A
DAILY CALL (lncl-jd. Sunday). 1 year...*8.W> .
DAILY CALL ilndud. Sundsy). 6 iros 4.00 |
DAILY CALL— By Single Menth '£
SUNDAT CALL 1 Year *¦;_
WEEKLY CALL 1 Tear ¦• 1O °
vnnvrr-K! ( Daily. . .$S80 Per Year Lxtra
E?5StSSi i Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE, \vreekly. 1C o Per Year Extra
JUX POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECETVE ErBSCRnTIONS.
Saxspls Copies will be forwarded when* re-
quested,
lHall ¦cbscrtbers In ordering change of mA-
<reee «ho«ld be particular to give both NEW
AKV OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
J>ro— .pt and correct compliance with their rs-
(MK.
OAKLAND OFFIOB:
I11S Broadway Telephone Mela 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
B43 Caster Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
sUMTTL W. WALL Hotel Barton
XKW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 81
tTtUoo gQuare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-av«-
eue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEVTS STANDS:
Caere '.an House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Psimer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. .Mtrquette Building
<Long Distance Telephone." "Central 2fll9.">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
STEPHEN B. SMITH.... 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAELTON Herald Square
EUSIXESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
«nul 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1C0S Market eireet, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. in.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until 8:30 p. m_
TOO Hayes etrcet; open until 9:30 p. m.
<".':» McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
Ci5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m,
CCU Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ur.tll 9 p. in.
1C*> Eleventh ttreet; open until 9 p. m.
10PS Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets:
open until S p. m. ' r-
Northwest corner cf Twenty-Fecond and Ken-
tucky streets ; open until 9 p. rn.
rC(O Finmore street; open until 9 p. ra.
.meetim; notices.
APYLt'M of Golden Gate Commandery . ¦»_
16, K T.. •'-"¦ Gutter St. — Special 75*)
assembly THIS EVENINO at 7:W _J
•/clock. Order of Temple. All fra- yy
teis are courvously invitfd By ordrr
of the commander.
THEn. KROL1CH. R.cordcr.
6AN FRANCISCtJ Ch-pt-r No. ~ _
R-jyal Arch Masons. me. ts THIS VV
EVENING. li. A. depre*.
H. t: PRIXCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lg<2s« No. 22. F. and -
A. M.— THIS (MONDAY* EVENING Jy
at 7:3o o'cloc-V:. Kim decree. I>y
order of th« Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
KING SOLOMON* P Lodge No. =90. F. m
taafl A. M.. IKS' t'lilniore st. — First **/V#-
<3<-£r*f THI-- EVENING at 7 :3a /VN
O'clock. HARRY I'.AEHR, Sec.
THE rroperty owners of the Fairmount Dis-
trict will I* present at the chambers of the
:'. -.."-. of Sui*rvis<:rs at 2 •>. m. to-day to i
protest arains-t the rrcfx isci quarry nui- |
sane. HKALY.. *?ecrrtary.
ANNUAL meeting— ¦ The annual mefting or th«-
ttocfchcIdcTS «f the WESTERN SUGAR
KEFINING COMPANY will be heM
at the offlw of the Owr.pany, No.
tiTi Market Ft.. Pan Francisco. California,
«.n MONDAY, the _>th day of March. 1904. at
the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose of elect-
ing a hoard of director* t<j f«»rve for the
•-ncUiHg year, and ihf transaction of suoii
¦_tN-r bTiEin^F? as may come l>efore the mat-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday.
March 18. 1904. at 12 m. W. H. HANNAM,
* Eeri-ettiry.
THE annual meptirc of the stockholders of
itlie ficrra Railway Company of California
*i;i he hela nt the of fv os r>f the company.
No. 229 Crocker building. City and County
<f fan KranL-ifcco. ot California, on
MCNDA Y. the Bth day cf February, 1904. at
the hcur of 11 o'clock a. n>.. for the purpose
r.t fl>-cting directors for the ensuing *year
and the transaction of yjrh oihor business aa
may one b*ior<» eaM uic+tinz. DaW at
?an Francisco, Cal.. January 2.J, 11)01. S.
D. FRESHMAN. S«>cretary.
Th* rfhovc meeting sijjourn'd until April
Jlth. 1!W4. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Feb. £. 10'M. S. D. FKE^HMAN. Sec'y.
ANNUAL Meotinc— Hutchinhon Sugar Planta-
tion Company — The r^eular annual meeting of
th« F'f-Siiol-lPre of the HITTCHINSON SUG*.R
PLANTATION COMPANY wlil r* bold at
th* office cf the company. No. .T.T Market
*tre<?t (room 4, tecend f.oer). in the city
and- county of Pan Francisco. Ftate of Call-
:ornia. on TUESDAY, the 22<1 day of March
A. D.. 11>C4. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
'ot the purpose of electing a Board of Di-
rectors to wrvf for the «>n?uing year, and •
for the transaction of ruch other business
es. rnsy properly come before the meeting
Transfer books v.n\ clore on FRIDAY,
March 11 1J>O*. at 3 o'clock p. m.
II. W. THOMAS.
e>cretary Hut<"Hn«on Pupar P1.-ntatlon Cora-
panr. Market street. Son Francisco.
California
fan Franclgco. Cal.. March S. 100*.
(•'"HE CaUfomU "Debris Commission having re^ I
of ived application to mine- by haudraulic
pmesa frorr, F. M. Ccr.n and S. G. Simpson '
in Ln-,1g!«nt HUi rlacer mining claim near
Quirky. Phini^s County. Cpi.. dralnlnc Into
Fpariish Crrek. which reaches Feather River
rives notice that mating will be held at
rorm 96 Flood butMlng. Pan Fnmclsco. Cal.,
March 2S. 10ft4. »t l:SQ r>. m.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENCIES for «v*ry city or ihe Union for the
Marqaic Hair Tonic Co.; liberal t«r— is.' 414
ft.. Fan FrancfKT. Cal.
TTANTED— First -class life insurance nollcltor*
salary $100 r*r month and commission?.
402 Parrott bldr.
AGENTS- -Good paying proposition: liberal
c-omralfslon ; ladles or gentlemen- 227 Etarr
King building.
A^VEETISEMEZTT 'WSJTtnQ.
HAVING recently acquired through "excha nee '
of pror*rty three $40 fcholarships In th» best i
Cr4tec» of Advertising in th- United Suites
I will e«ll them »t 2Ti per cent discount for '
"'•i: the college teaches advertisement •wrlt-
¦5~k by correspondence an<l a»Fi«ts its — rad-
rate* to recure position*; catalogues fur-
n't'ecf. on «pp<lcatlcn. A<*rtrer? box 3O2«. C«II. |
ATTOn SET S-AT-LA \V.
A PRIVATE, quick djvorce for a cmnll fe* '
tEee ire and me mon»y: no pay in advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEI-AT-LAW
r>tabtished 22 yrs.; rm«. 1. 2, :;. ? & 5 i st n
J122 Market n., between Mason and Taylor'
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
n. TV. KING. Attorney-at-Lnw. ExanT bl?g"
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established '•0 i
j-ear*: all ca>««. genera! court and office prac
tJc»: no fee In advance or for conj-ultnt'on*
rv.-r.lngs appointment. .Tel. Red 3061.
DIVORCE— Costs. fl2: quick, quiet; advice |
free; opui gvfnirigs. D27 Market St.. nn. 201.
L. s; CLARIv. l»27 Market «t.; consultation !
fr<^; no fc-:-s in ndvanre; open evenings. '
BOARDI\G FOR CHILDREX. J
LAI'Y will hoard ar.d rare fcr cne or 'more
¦children; room fcr parent If desired; refer-
vnoct. Address '£& Chenery tt.
GOOD horn« for small children: mother's care 1
t'-rn- <.n ir. r'j'.l. 2T2S Ba»naVI«t» av»..AIani<"ia.'
_^ msr .vi-:ss chances. '
"WELL • ESTABIJSHED wholeiaTe^ product
r-r.^inilt.ijon b;isilncf-s; sales about $S0,(iuO
?•ear; account departure: can be bought for
<xn of Hxtores. Box 45T5. Call office.
A PARTNER wanted with email oapltal In
one of the beat mail order business on the
oraet, jaiying a good profit and room lor
enlargement. Btrx 4C1O. Call o.fflce.
FOR sale — Horseradish grinding and delicates-
sen btuiinesi. 2101 la Mission tt.
nr>SI.\E!*!» CHAiTCES Con tlBMl
A— $4000; CORNER raloon, with lease; larg«
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by own-
ers for rears; fullest investigation solicited.
Bee R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearnyjit. _____
A— $3000; GRILL room and cafe; ths leading
establishment in Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 and a flrst-claes paying business;
other investments only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Keerny at.
A— $1200; BAKERY, e«ab. years and kept' by
present owner 17 jears; bakes 4H barrels
per day; daily sales $4&; living room*. Call
K. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny tt. f
A — $1250; DFLICATESSEN and dairy produce
Btore; close to Market and Stockton cts.;
large Ftcck; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in sight; a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $5oO; BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living roonu; daily receipts about $10;
choic<-«t location in th.e Mission. See R. G.
WH.KK. 26^4 Kearny st.
A — $2200; Saloon, with lease; estab. years;
vicinity of Fourth st.. Market anQ Stockton;
place speaks for Itself; all particulars. R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. •
A— $1600; GROCERY and bar, with 18 fur-
nished rooms; 6 years' lease; rent $65; a
business where man and wife can easily '¦
clear $300 p«r month. r-Partlculars R. O. I
WILKE. 26 fc Kearny St."
A — J30C0; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
tt.; rent (40; lease ;3 horses, 6 wagons; busi-
ness eetab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. C. WILKE, 2CVa Kearny at.
A — $1650; COH. saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $30; leas«; a first-class paying place/in
choicest location; $150 per month dear guar-
anteed. R. G. WILKE, 26V» Kearny Et.
A— $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
gallery, averaging about $9 50 per day: ex-
penses about $5 per day; will sell or trade
for lodging-house. See R. G. 'WILKE, 2tt^
Kearny st. *
A— $12.00; COFFEE saloon and bakery in
choicest location: rent $80; daily receipts ;
about $70: a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. L'6'.j Kearny st.
A— JSoO; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar- ,
ket and Stockton sts.; rent $75; a eplendld
location and r«re business chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 2C>» Kearny gt.
A — $2250; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc. :
no opposition; In thriving country town about
75 miles from this city; a rare chance. For
pp. rt i cu 1 ars tee R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 00x100;
house- of 4 rooms. 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.: price $3tXX>: not all cash required; a
good business. Call on R." G. WILKE. 26Vi
Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050,
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters ior all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and ice cream parlors $200 to 52500
Barber shops ¦ $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries ?nd bars $500 to $5C(X>
Saloons $300 to $1C,000
Restaurants $360 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $:K*0 to $1000
Drug Etcres , $2000 to $6OC0
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
FOR sale— Beautiful mountain resort, less than
30 minutes' rid* fro:n depot of . best interior
city in State; less than 3 hours' ride from
San Francisco; 20 acres land; 36-room, furn.
hotel, with barns, theds. etc.; 3 years' lease;
can get longer; rental $r>Oii per year; horses,
buggies. 2 cows; bar well equipped: billiard
table, piano; raises own fruit, vegetables,
hay chickens, etc.; big money to be made;
price 52500; account desth. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines: fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to JJ70 ton; trade
for r'mg-house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for. making own candies; established 8
years; clears over $2<>0 per month; will in-
voice about |1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
FOR scle — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap- rent: receipts $75 to $100 day:, will
bear tnvestiration: price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or .will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; well
located: clearing fWO per month: flrst-claj-s
proposition; will rtand strict Investigation;
price $*O0O. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — $ K 500 cash will buy an old estab-
lished corner drug store in Sacramento;
stock complete and good condition; large
transient trade; expenses light; selling at a
discount on account of retiring from busi-
ness. Addres_J\ O. box 444, Sacramento, Cal.
$000 — PARTNER"* wanted, genteel business;
raying SI 00 monthly to each: short hours;
no experience required. Marln Investment
Co.. C'Jj K<-arny st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale for cash:
Invoice ?".¦><». Call Monday afternoon bet. 2
and 4. evening &et. 8 and 9 or Tuesday any
time, 422 Turk £t. •
PARTNER, wanted in fine paying office busl-
m-i'i*: n> experience required; steady man
wantea; S75 monthly to each. 209 Kearny
St., rorrn 1.
$25O — PARTNER wanted In established com-
miFsion 'business clearing $150 monthly; will
ghc- bank references: experience not re-
<-;ufr<d: grand opportunity. I007VS Market, r.l.
FOR sal*- — Branch bakery, dairy produce,
candy and Ice cream; splendid trade; good
business location. For particulars, address
box 4«56O, Call office.
FOR sale — Good saloon In manufacturing part
of city: 2 blocks from Market st. Inquire
WICHMAN.LUTGEN & C.O. (Inc.), 318 Clay.
$100 — FINE-payir.g office and established
commission business clearing $100 monthly.
10O7',i Market «>t.. room 1.
SUMMER . resort: | finest climate; big payer;
comnlet*: neaT city; sickness: investigate.
1007'i Market et.. room 1.
CANDY and Ice cream parlors -for sal*: near
Presidio: fine fixtures; everything neat and
clean. Bax 4628,- Call office. .
FOR sale — Saloon with living-rooms and card-
rooms and large hall at transfer corner;
lease: rent low. Box 4570, Call office.
BRANCH bakery, etc.. price $140; three nice
living rooms; rent' $15; value In sight. 1713
Eroadway, Oakland.' ... ¦ . ¦
CONFECTIONERY nnd lee cream store in
first-clars neighborhood »nd location; living
rooms; lease. Box 4i;in. Call office. - .
FOR sale in a live bay • town — Candy, branch
bakery. Ice cream and tamale parlor. Ad-
dress box 461S. Call office. : ¦ '
FOR sale — A lunch stand; good business; cheap
account of sickness. Call after 3 o' dock, ( 1301
l|pward st. ; . ' ' * f
SEND or call room 222 Parrott bldg. for par-
ticulars of a small.' safe, honest 5 per ceni
a month investment, besides large profit. ;
STATIONERY, candy and lce.-cream parlor;
furnished llvlng-rcoms: Inspection Invited.
P.cx 4577. Call office. -----•.
DELICACY st-.re: Larkin St.^well- patronized;
piie* $550. Apply 209 Kearny st., room 1.
$250— REPTA URANT ; 3 living rooms; rent
$14; good reasons for selling. 502 Sixth st."
$CT.0-»-FlNE cigar stand; cheap rent: lease.
Opvo*lt* Transport. Kast and Folsom • sts.
WANTED — Grocery In a good location for
business. .Address box 4fi3J». Call office.
$lS00_OROCERY - and bar: location Is good;
well «tocked: cood business. Box, 439S. Call.
$20-^WEEKLY: steady young man with $175
wanted. Apply 2.*!5 Kearny st.
GOOD Ealoon and - boarding-house: 22 beds;
near, water front; $750. Box 4359. Call.
RESTAURANT fcr sale at Invoice, about $R5o!
W. 3. WHITE, 26 Montgomery St., room 6.
$250— BRANCH bakery and restaurant;, rent
$25; water free. 414 Jones et. »
FO71 sale — Half- Interest In a ' first-class fruit
and vegetable stall. Box 4544, Call office.
ROUTE on Call. Apply at office.
GROCCnY and bar -for sale cheap. 3127
Buchanan «t. ".
A BRANCH "office 'of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market St., opposite . Fifth.
Open until 11 p..m. : , ' ¦'
CXOTKIKG RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1 ;< scouring and
dyeing.. Son Marcbe, 40 Ellin st., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenmts ejected for SI; collections made;
city or ' country. Pacific Coilectlcn" Co.. 415
Montgomery. . rooms 0-10: tel. Main 5580.
COTTAGE.' ,TO LET.' t
LIBIJRTY.^BTir^rT Castro — Cottage cf T«u£
av rooms, lath, mode; a: garden. -.
EMPLOYMENT \» r AJtTEP MALE.
(THIS office opens 8:30 a.m.; closes 5:30 p.m.)
A butler with good references from last place
wants a situation In city or country; will be
ready on the 15th- ot March. Address or tele-
phone (Main 5472) MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter st.. near Powell. .
BY thoroushly experienced Eastern man In
leather goods, fancy notions and Jewelry,
position of responsibility with wholesale
house or department store. Box 4630, Call.
.. ___^_
A GARDENER thoroughly versed In all
branches of horticulture" under glass, an-1
outside; 8 years in last position ; with best
of recommendations. Box 4806. Call office.
A — TIME. cost, stock and shipping clerk; fa-
miliar with machinery and engines. Box
4e35. Call.
A YOUNG man would like a position In the
country; understands gardening and cars of
horses. Box 4336. Call office. '•
BARBER— Flrst-class from N«w York wants
first-class position..' Address Barber, box
4405, Call office. V .
CUTTER and tailor wishes position: N»w
York references. Box 4403. Call office.
BELLBOY or- can run elevator; young man
desires position. Box 4401, Call office.
A MAN with lengthy experience in Span— h-
Amerlcan trade, thoroughly familiar with all
requirements, seeks position; speaks and
corresponds in Spanish. English and Ger-
- man; Is a good offtceman. bookkeeper and
correspondent. Address L. T.. box 4642. Call.
TRAVF.LIXG rale.iman, with 15 years' expert- j
ence, covering California, Oregon, .Washing-
ton, Idaho, Montana, Utah, Texas, Arizona
and Nevada selling hardware trade, desires
additional lines; nominal salary or commis-
sion basis.- Box 45TS. Call office.
ENGLISHMAN. 12 years in Central America;
gocd bookkeeper, thorough knowledge Span-
ish, also French; desires pceltlon with manu-
facturing or exporting firm with a view to
eventually representing them in Europe.
Box 4655. Call.
YOUNG man would like a situation as col-
lector in wholesale house; will give bonds;
can ?peak German. Address F. C WILKE.
250 Second ave, ;.»
A COMPETENT middle-aged man desires po-
sition in private stable; capable care-taker
of horses, harness «n<i rigs; handy and use-
ful about place: flrst-class references. Ad-
dress F. W.. C27 Commercial st.
CUTTER, Fifth ave.. New York; a strictly
up-to-date custom cutter desires to make a
chanse for- California; city or country;
practical tailcr; the verv best of references.
A. L. 8.. 53 South Clinton ave., Rochester.
. New York.
WANTED — Position by competent and reliable
man; understands care of horses, cows, etc.;
good gardener and handy with tools; refer-
ences. Address 1105 Twenty-eighth St., Oak-
land. .
ATTORNEY, who Is also experienced office
man," bookkeeper, correspondent, business
manager, etc.. will accept position with cor-
poration. Box '4527, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER— Expert" accountant of many
years' experience -offers services; any work-
on books or adjusting accounts solicited.
Address box 43S4, Call office. '.--,- J-
A RELIABLE young man, good character.wlth
the use of one arm, desires a position as
watchman, or any kind of work. J. JUSLIN,
Cll Waehlnrton st.
WANTED — A situation by a respectable man;
good cock, gardener, make butter, milk; ex-
perienced poultry raiser; references. Bex
46.57. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a situation as engineer:
has 10 years' experience of .oil burning and
stram fitting. Address Engineer, box 45"4.
Call office.
A GARDENER thoroughly versed in all
branches of horticulture under glass and
outside; 8 years in I*t«t position; with best
of recommendations. Box 4C00. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER — Young man. with 2 yearc
experience, desires situation with wholesale
house; can furnish own machine. Box 4«04,
Call office. .
A FIRST-CLASS, exi^rienced colored cook
would like a position In saloon or commer-
. cial lunch parlor; best of city references.
Bex, 4554. Call oflce.
FIRST-CLASS gents' furnishing goods sales-
man wants position: city or country: city
references and experience. Box 45S5. Call.
BOYS' clothing salesman wants position; city
preferred; best city experience and references.
Box 45S8. Call olflce.
YOUNG man wishes a position as collector;
can furnish b.m^s and best of references.
Address box 13CU, Call office.
BAKERS — An employer wishes to recommend
a reliable, experienced man on bre^d and
cakes. Address 4170. Call office.
GENERAL office man. bookkeeper and type-
writer, desires position: best references and
experience. Box 4U20. Call.
COACHMAN— Position wanted hy competent,
reliable young • Englishman; understands
gardening; cen milk. *Unx 4370, Call.
ELEVATOR operator — Reliable young man
wants position as elevator man In the city.
Box 4557, Call office.
BAKER, first-class all-around bread and cake
baker and confectioner; country preferred.
BURTON, 102 Seventh st.
SITUATION wanted by colored man as cook,
city ¦ or country; hotel or private family.
Box 4B34, Call.
YOUNG man desires position as grocery sales-
man; a year's experience; best references.
Box 4644. Call.
RELIABLE, steady man, handy with tools,
wishes position; wages no object. Box 4.V3.J,
Call office.
A TRUSTWORTHY roan wants position as
night watchman: can furnish references.
Address 1. B., 756 Folsom st.
ELEVATOR operator — Reliable young man
wants position as elevator man In the city.
Box 4557, Call office. •
A MAN who Is trustworthy and reliable de-
sires position as night watchman. Addre**
II. F.. 519 Third st.
BARBER — First class, sober, wants flrst-class
. Job; state wages. Address Barber, box 4525,
Call office.
AN experienced operator on Burroughs adding
machine desires work. Box 22S6, Call office.
BOY wants work on Saturday. Box 43B1.
Call office.
POSITION wanted by an experienced wood-
turner. Box 456S. Call office.
SITUATION as a presser. 720 Mission st.
COOK, competent, all-around man; hotel or
restaurant; city or country. Box 4624. Call.
POSITION wanted a« collector; best of refer-
ences. Box 4654, CalL . .
BOY wants Job as apprentice In tinsmith shop.
Box 4533. Csll -office-.
YOUNG man wants - situation as bookkeeper.
Box iZSO, : Call >, office. x
YOUNG man, 24. sober and steady, would like
position of any kind. Address box 49f*n Call.
WANTED — Position in good country town by
young barber. Box '4561, Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wishes steady
position. Box 463S. Call office.
A, JAPANESE high school student wants a
position, as schoolboy; $2 week: plain cook
or waiter. SAKA. bqx 43S3. Call.
A JAPANESE boy wants a. place to do cook-
ing In * small ¦ family; • speaks English' very
well. FRANK NAKA, 1714 Devlsadero st;
tel. Scntt 577. ; »
YOUNG Japanese wants a position to do house-
work. 023 Washington st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at '1C03 ' ftarket' st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until lt"p. : 3i. .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan ft Chnrch sts.
~~ FEATHER KESOVATISQ.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 -Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FURXITURE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods of every description: . flat*
bought. Mission Auc House. 429-439 Valencia.
~~~~ FORMTVRB WASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs," packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD, auctioneer, 1S18 Mkt.; tel. Howard 2756
CHEAPEST and best In America — The- Weekly
Call. • IS . pages, sent to any address In * tit*
United States or Canada one year for $1.
A LITTLE WANT PLACED IN THESETHfr; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 14, 100*.
9
fin.r W»N'TFD — MAM5— - Continued.
A— MURRAY & HEADY ~~GH^63?*Oay"EtT
Pfcone Main 6S48.
Loading Employment and Labor Agents.
ic laW we save During 1WH we hope
work to tXJ.OUU men. to Increase «1O,W<"
DO YOU SPEAK
luliatt, German, Spanish,
Givck, French, Swiss?
We Do
He-duc«d nates.
N*v«<Ja. Nevada.
To Nevada Stat*.
5 b.iurs day. Government work. S hours day.
-"£• learr.evr*; ship to-night; f.2 day.
1" ial«j.-cr*: rts:o to-nicst. *
Bocfcuwa. driilers. Irritation ditch. I
Nevada State. j
Government Work. *
Ehiy To-Nlcht.
To Ari 7.' r.a.
Sh!j> To-NUfht.
<3o"C to Presoott; H10 mllei: ?9.
500 '.aban rs. driller*, rockrnea, «tc.
Pr«cott, Arizona— .Shi? daily.
Woodehorpers.
Zj »-oodctcs"J«r*. differed Joha.
'- <j*rmnr.« or Austrian* to choD wood.
12 men to cbor wood send make posts: north
Oaryectrr. city, ulain job. $75.
lVjokkje#p«?r.
Bookkeej-tr, ranch. $io and found.
*J o«r«nt«Ts, city, $3 day.
Boy for excr*. $0 week. 25 tunnelmen.
- !«-•>• :*iaiir.g. little experience, %H to $»
-veok ; 3 Loj e. learn different trade*. $4 to *j
v.c*k: irardener. flowers and vegetables. $4o.
Kajrineer. run rump.
Ho»tl«-r. ?4l> and found; 2 stablemen. $30 fJ.
l»ay fireman and handy man. $K» and found,
t -.amsters. fare $1 DO; $1 75 day.
1'alriman. Pluma* County, S40.
MIXES
Gold. Silver.
Coal. Collier.
M e!r.c*« & double band miners. $S2 B0 tc $»0.
12 machine miners, good :n::> » *:*>.
Carpenter for mine. $1C5.
X>nl! t"ian*ner for mine; cement finisher.
MILKERS. ETC.
1<5 milkers. di3er*nt Job*, $30. ?35. $40 fd.
Italian. Swi«s milkers'. $33 and found.
KAP-MEUS — CBORKUSK — LABORERS.
UE.N AND WIVES.
3. farmers end wlvee $40. $50 and 60 & fd.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
£ cooks, ciJIerent hotels, ranches, min^s.
etc.. $3'") to $G5: 6 waiters. Ixrll, elevator
beys. $15 to $40 and found.
PORTERS — DISHWASHERS — ROUST-
ABOUTS.
2 laundry— en. extra good jobs, .$15 week.
3 butcher*, country ><;b«. $3*'. $40, $50 fd.
E—Aghter-houee butcher. «0c fare. $45 found.
Eutter-maiers. south, *:..'• and found.
Second cook, fare paid, country hotel, $43 fd.
Solicucr, cjty. $75.
TOGETHER. NEVADA ¦
2 c_t.d cooks, $«0.
4 waiters. camj«. $30 to (35 and found.
2 dishwashers, tamp. $30 to $i>5 and found.
BOSS AT OUli OFFICE
MURRAY & READY.
C34-C36 Clay st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
*2S— Montgomery st. — t>'M.
Phone Main im CPSTAIR3
FEE 51 FEE $1
SPECIAL— SHIP TO-NIGHT.
ONLY $5 FAKE ONLY FARE $5
GOVERNMENT WORK.
NEVADA 8 hours NEVADA
Teamsters, laborers, rookraen. muckers, tun-
r.elmen. *tc. J2 to $2 50 day; climate is
j-ujjerb: water good; board excellent; ac-
cemmodatiens all that can be desired. Bet-
ter come and go to-day.
3 can>enterf. long job. $8rt found; furniture
solirttor. city 92 &A day: 20 colliers to bum
charcoal. 5 years' Job: big mom-y in it.
OOAL MINERS NEW MEXICO
1W I-tbarert. R. R_, Utah; part free fare.
AT THH CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
14 Third et.; jjhone Hush 40S.
NEVADA.
Government job. $ hours.
1<>- t^amttf-rs. f'2 a day.
10 laborers. $2 a day.
t. drivers. $2 50 a <isy.
CHEAP FARE.
SAWMILL.
Engineer and ""__!_"&, $70 month.
l>-.gKT and '-arrias^ man. $50 and board.
iilacks-::. •.¦ £50 s,nJ fcund.
:: hou»^ carpenters. $3 50 day; s hours.
2 stalneiers and lather* : contract.
a lalKirt-rs. cit> job. $2 £5 a day.
CALIF'. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Tfcird st.
GROCERY saWraari. $75: farmer and wife;
n.ach«.EiEts. $.t day: carptnt^rs, factory wor*
$-J day: Iron mold«»rs. $."? Ml day: machine
man. $"" 50 day; men about i4ar*>. $.{(» an!
found: iron^r and p<>4!»«hcr. $15 wet-k; milker:
old man to rare for plare; harness maker;
timber f. !Vr; carrn-nit-r- fcr mill: rfftauram !
cuck, fUQ; waiter and wif*. $40 and found,
znd others. J. F. CROHETT ' & CO., t"2S .
£acrair.t-n't. st. |
AT C. R HAN?::N & COP 429 Bush m
SPECIAL ONLY TO-DAY; BQgg HERE.
r\-e $1 Fair $'.
90 teamster*, b hours. Nevada $2
C! R. H.'X?F..\ i CO 42-rf Bush st.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton s?-— Butler. $50;
valet, $::"i; relief cook. *5tt; French baker.
$40; younr mai to run elevator. $25; pantry-
man. $.J0; waiter, hotel. $"r.; farm hand to ro
north, $.10. «tc.
A— L Jj
Men to !«i»ra th» b«rb«T trnd* In two month*
end »»"<:ure gcod r>os!tior.s: catalogue and fu!l
Information mstled free. MOLHR fc'ystem
Ccllese. 633 Clay 6t.
GOVERNMENT ;>o5iticns — Call at room 14.
fifth ftVscr. 305 Larkin «.. for free information !
tLf to fv-tsitions, Eaiaries, cge limiti. etc.: day
or evening*.
TRY our men's ehoes. ur.ion made, at $1 ar.d
$1 t-0 per pa!r. foot-form shoe* at $2 50 or '
orthopedic ehoef ,$:> 50: best ?hoes on earth. 11
Tfcird et.. Exarr.. tol<S$\, 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Porter and bo-.-tb'ack: I«y lire- j
furred. Arena ilartx-r Khoy. 11C1 Jeffereon
M . ('Kkl.nl
V\ ANTED — An «'xr»rienceo' warehouse fore-
man. Apply tiefore nocn. Paclflc-Portland
'>tu«T,t Co.. Riaito byildinc
J2.V* WITH »r\-ice* will buy IntereFt in pay- •
ing legitimat* businefs. Call 257 Fourth St.,
barber *h :
GERMAN: steady: ref/rencp; handy: tend har.
win»-hou»e: married pr<-fern»d. Box 22*>J, Call. ;
DOY wanted; about IT years old. DICKEL-
MAN BROH.. 100 EJlif ut. I
LUNCH waiter for Final! restaurant. 25S5
Market ft., nt-ar Sixteenth.
BAKBER wanted; steady rvenings and Pun-
«lay morning?. Addr»»* box *4> J Call office.
YOUNG man to help in crocery store. NW.
cor. Twenty-sixth and fancher «».
BAREnR rhop fcr sale; 3 chair*; reasonable;
gocd iriczticn; sjcknef*-. Inquire Call riffle?. ;
WASTED — Tho»e who served in the V. S. Vol.
unt»»r« In the war with fpain and the Philip-
pine rebellion to apply far two months* extra
pey. which Is now due. For particulars, call
or address F. B. WILSON. 45« Parrott bide '
Fan Francisco. Cal.; open from 9 a. m. to 9
P. n.
WANTED— An experienced ceffee roaster for *
a prominent Lo* Ang»!f» firm; must be well '
ref-omnTTTjci, *t*>ady and rellabl**; etate «"X-
p*rl»-nce end f«lar>' csr><"ct<vj. Address hox
1AT3. C"ail orflce.
WANTED — Exprieno^l *hoe salosman to no a
short rtlfTant" from the city. Apply between
•j and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Erp«>ri*ncM janitor. Apply be-
Wtq & and lla. n. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Labortre and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno Houee proprietor. ha»
«<1<5«"1 100 new rooms to the Dfna-er Hcuse,
21" Third tt- : 250 rooms.; SSc to 50c per night. ;
BARRERF— 4-cheir »hop at half its valu»;
good trade; f'irr out of buslnefs. Address
459 Twelfth rt.. Oakland.
, . — _ j
WANTED — A flirt-flai 1 * turner and hand
*awj". Apply '" I-'ALZELL * MILLER.
DOT. Mllvia and A4<Ji«m *tf.. Berkeley. CaJ. "
WANTED — Boy from 14 to 1«J years of as;e for
delivery department; »l!»o waeon boys. Ap- j
ply between 9 and II a. m. at HALE BROS.'
TOUNG man with f*>m« experience as clerk 1
toe retail hardware and paint store. L. H.
KOHN. cor. Polk and Sacramento sts. ¦ •- , • •
ISO TOUNG men, 18 yearn of a(-«». to organize
fr-li'iarjr crsari' ration. Call S. BZANIK. 473
VsUncIa «.. fct-tirwn f, and S p. m. J
BARBER?— Two or thr*<- chair *hop —anted. •
-rith Ilvinc rooms. Adiree* box 26. . 1C08 I
Market ft. ¦ .
PKNPION ATTT-. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14 J
y<*ar»' practlee; reference* from thousands of
parsers for whom I have secured pe-i«ion». i
TRY our men's ebo«i. union made, at $1 and _
$1 tO pair; foct-form shoes at $2 50; we pay £
express cr main charees. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.
TOUNG tn*n. tailors, blacksmiths, carpenters, g
creen hands, for cbips. DENTS. 2« Btetiart.
EAILOIU? rnstA cr*en hands for Europe "and »
Meam whalers. LANE'S. 504 Davis *t-
EXPERIENCED «4"r*rt!slng: man; rood propo- J"
sltion; liberal commiFFlon. Dox 4656. Call.
SOLICITORS for merchant tailor. 1123 Mar- «
kct et.. between Seventh an4 Eighth.
WANTED — Good oyster jriin. «H SeA-»-nth St.. I
Oakland.
P*-r«ion Atty., F-. A. Bnllls. r. «0. Pbelan bWit. i
tkxl Cos. Geo. B. Tkomaa Post, O. A. n»
MHCELLAXE0P8 FOR SALE — Con "
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
barga Ins. Bullard & Breck. .181. Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& Co., 122 Market st. - * -
GASOLINK engines, automobiles and launches;
all ulzrs. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on seconil-hand typewriters; all
makea. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Buyers for the "Veil of I»ls." a
curious pamphlet; Bent on receipt of 10c,
silver or stamps. Hermetic Book Concern,
5o!> Van Ness ave.. San FTancisco.
WANTED— Light steel or iron rails, eijght cr
twelve jjound, in good condition. EDWARD
A. ELLSWORTH. Nlles. Cal.
WANTED — To buy dairy, with or without
cowg; near city. Address 255 States St.. city.
SHOES wanted; misfit & castoff; highest prcs.;
new & 2d hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
cioti.lng: gend pottal. MORRI3. 043 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical good?. Ifi4 nth St.: tel. Jessie 2*51.
C*JAi*4% MOXEti TO LOAN".
AAA— HERMAN~MUIU>HyT~ —
601-C02-C03 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust
etc.; legacies. life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. •
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential
When You Need Money .
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC )
CONTROL $1.1(00.000.
REAL HSTATE LOANS. i
INTEREST C PER CEVT
FIRST, SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES
CITY AND OAKLAND,
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REALESTATE
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-S-9-10-11, CROCKER BUILDING. S. F.
" WILL LOAfT "
A reasonable amount on '
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or '- ¦
Chattel?, in city, town • V"
or country.
Low rate of Interest. 1
Give full particulars,. «
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 403. Call office.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in
4» principal cities. Tolman. CS:" Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
840 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 10 Third.
ANY amount quickly en furniture or piano,
without removal or other security: no com.;
faireet rates; dtrictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. OS Donohop bldg.. 1170 Market st.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal:
no commission; no publicity: S25 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 2« Montgomery st., rm. 7.
M. JACOBSON & CO.. financial brokers, Emma
Spreckels bldg:. rm. 021; -loans and all other
nnancibi matter* negotiated: .confidential.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious atone* bought
. at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth «t.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10.T Grant av».,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
don=ed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooma 4S-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried r*"* 1 " 1 !* without security: on furni-
ture, indorsed note* and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy;no commission; Installments accepted.
BONELLI, .101 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
'mo.- S. F. Collateral Lean Bank. 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no romoval;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. « Eddy it.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. ICQ'i Mutual
Savings Bank building.. 70S Marjtet st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employee. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CAPH loaned salaried people on nott-e without
in^nri-fr. MOREI.L. <"iX» Examiner huHdlng.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — ?25<;0 on hotel ¦•roperty; good st--
curity; will i>ay reasonable rate of interest
Box 4t"*J->. Call.
|2300 WANTED one year; good "¦<*-cur7tyT~ Box
4-Kio. Call office.
WANTED — L-5an of $200 on town property;
will iay 0 i^er cent. Box 4GK". Call
MI'SICAI, IXSTRI'MEXTS.
BARGAINS T?T^EC?)NL^AND'ni>IA3fOS~AS
FOLLOWS:
Two Steinway, one Chickering. one Sterling
one Haines Bros., two Rteck. . one Steinway
grand and or.e Steck grand; also many other
plaaof from ?".*> up and square pianos from $10
up. al! fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
StO up: greatest bargains ever offered In San
Francisco; all makes. We rent upright
pianos for f2 t»er month; new at $3 per
month; all money paid applies on purchase
Heine Piano Co.. 235-2o7 Geary st. Oakland
address 1252 Broadway.
ONLY Diano house in the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
«: months' rent and curtate oft purchase
price; sole agents for McPhall. Schiller and
ether makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 5C0 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos falno furni-
ture) will be i<old to pay ttorage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. lt£G Market st.
SMALL pianos for small apartments; great
tone; rent or sale. Byron Mauzy, 308 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
_ ments. SCHMITZ £ CO.. 16 McAllister Bt.
3-PEDAL^einway up. ;ChIckering baby grand-
Shon:*2er. little use<J. Keeffe'g, 285 O'Farrell.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
most Riven away. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale:. Rood as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON' MAUZY. 30S-'I12 Post t,t.
OFFICKS AND STORKS TO LET.
EIGHTH et., -225 — Two fine stores. ?12~5O:
enrh hn5 2 living rooms, or can be used all
together; Tv.it«>r free.
VALENCIA. 1.-J04— Neat etoro to let; counter,
r helving; rent cheap.
PKRSOXALS.
I HEREBY give notice that I have purchased
the business conducted at 450 Third »t.,
known as the Red Front; all outstanding
claims against the business must be present-
ed by 12 o'clock. Tuesday. 15th. '04. NICO-
LAS PAPPOS.
A fremh, smooth and younsr looking face.
With a teal, genuine "baby skin."
D<*n't forget the nam<\ M. ELLA HARHIS.
The number, 7S1 fVFarrell st.. near Larkln.
Call or write for book, free.
•¦Hint* on Beauty."
A3 SUITS to order at $1 weekly. W« have
cc niracts -with leading house* to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on Installments cheaper th.-»n
others do fcr ctsh. LEON LEMO3, merchant
tailor. 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Mas&affe
Osteopathy: vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism: genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as i
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 116 Taylor, j
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Ira- !
proves Its growth. stops falllng.cures dandruff j
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness; |
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substltue. Star Remedy Co.,1338 Polk.
INFORMATION wanted of John Driver, of
Samuel Driver; John Driver is a cripple., age
about 50 years; Samuel Driver Is some years
younger; information of their present resi-
dence will be rewarded. L. HARRIS. 1409
Wctwter «t.. San Franclcco, Cal. •
A — Mlcrotlne, a positive cure for catarrh, cold
in the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affection*; send for free sample,
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 «th.
THE infallible system; the only copyrighted
. successful method of keeping ahead of the
racee; good forever: price $1. Sold only by
PITTS, 100S Market gt. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
LAUNDRY. - barber shop, cigars, tobaccos,
nt-wspapers, suits cleaned. 300 Golden Gale
ave., corner.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
812 Shotwell: consultation free; call or write.
HAIR grown, gray restored; pimples, wYlnkle*.
all blemish** removed; shampooing specialty.
VMS. ROUME. 231 Poet, parlors 13 and 14.
Continued on Page Tea.
ItOOMS TO f ,ET--Fu rrt . an d Piita rn.
FILRERT, 11J0H- Nicely famished rooms; $5
and «».
FOR single gentleman. In prlvata home (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and st blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624. Call office.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms ;»5c
to $1 25 night: (1 50 to $6 wk.: reading-room.
GRANT AVE.. 7 — Nicely furnished front room,
$2 50 week: 1 front suite, suitable for four.
HYDE. SIO. near Sutter — Lanre furnish",!
room: rent $8.
JESSIE. 363, eaat L\ S. Mint— Furnished
, rooms. $5, $6 and $7.
LEAVENWORTH. 51.1— Elegantly sunny fur-
nished front room; also other rooms; reason-
able.
O'FAKREUi. 1510 — Large nicely fur. sunny
front bay-window room; connecting kitchen.
POLK, 307 — Nicely fnrnlin-d rooms with
phone and running water; eVa;-.
ROYAL House, 12C Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoktng-ioom and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night. SSc to $1 50; week. $2
to tS: month. $S to $.10; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1611— A sunny back room in
private family for gentleman.
SCOTT. 1«14 — 1st floor of a unfurnished rocms;
sunny: $18: adults only.
SUTTER, 406 — A bay-window unfurnished ,
sunny suite fcr gentlemen: rent $23.
THE AVOCA. 837A Misslcn— Furn. room* by
the day, week or month; prices reasonable.
THIRD. 41— Larp", light furnished rooms:
central location. __
Tl'RK. 7.S0 — Elegantly furnished, sunny front
j suite; all modern conveniences; reasonable.
TWELFTH. 232 — Three sunny complete house-
keeping rooms; $ls; adults; also others.
UNITED STATES. 12.1 Eddy, near Market— 40©
rooms. :'.3c to $1 night. $1 73 to JC week: elec-
tric light* (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator.read. -r.iora; freAbus; baggase.
VAN NESS ave.. 51»— Elrgar.t front parlors
and adjoining suite for offloe, or club.
VAN WINKLE. 207 Jones— Nicely furnished
rooms. $2: tunny suites. $5 per week; batha.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
".V to SI 30 night; $2 to $$ week; elwator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bua; baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth— Electric light in every
room; 15c to $1 a night: 75c to $3 a week;
open all night; convenient to all cars.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1C0S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
731 Bush St.. abow Powell; select first -
o!a!»s r«?""td*ntiat .hotel; eleeantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric light; sfam
heated and Drivate exchange telephones in
every room- term* reasonable. B. DLT
OARPE.
HOTEL HATTON ¦
9T7 Pine, near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences: excellent table.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
EARLCOURT.
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: JCST OPENING; EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCS.
HAWTHORNE. 159. bet. Folnom an.l Harrison
— Sunny front parlvr. with hoard; i-uitab!-;
for husband and wife or - gentlemen; f2."« mo.
VAN NF>'? ave.. »944. corner O'Farrell st.—
Large front alcove room, with board; reason-
able. ¦
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41S Sutter— Bunny rooms:
excellent table; from $40: single $23.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Elegantly furnished
sulfrs. vtitn hat.is: a"«f single: homelike.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED. .
WANTED — Board and rooms for husband and
wife In a pf.vate family .in the country,
close to city, on car line: smalt country
home preferred, where they have their own
fruit orchard, chickens, cows. etc. : state ac-
commodations and rates. Box 2939. Call.
WANTED — Board and room in refined privat*
family by single gentleman; civil engin»'*r:
prefer no other boarders ; comforts of hom<*
in '(reference to luxury; reference* given.
Addn-ts frnc 4.'W5. Call office.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively currd; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottir-gham. 201 Sutter st.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
THE MELBOURNE i-'CHOOL for the cure of
• stuttering anti stamrneTirsr. corner Van Ni'«
aveA anil Market st., S. F.. has been estab-
lished in this city for ;: years and shall con-
tinue, for It Is founded on true merit and has
the commendation of reputable physicians
everywhere. It teaches «a superior system
and challenges results. No wholesale class
work, but t" hours' Individual teaching ilaily,
reducing nervous obstruction to speech an<l
leading to thorough control. Within reach
of all.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Th»
Typewriting Exchange. .VtO California st.
A FEW gocd typewriters at $."tO each: get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webtter Typewriter Inspec. Co.. SOS Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
AMERICAN Can Company — A dividend of 2*^
per cent has this day been declared upon the
preferred stock cf this company, payable on
April 1, 1904. to stockholders of record at the
close of business March 21. 1004. The trans-
fer books will be closed as to the preferred
ttock from March 22 to March :>1. both days
Inclusive. Checks will be mailed.
R. H. 1SMON. Secretary.
March' 10. 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Bulld-
lng Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market St.. oppcslte Third—
For the half year ending 31st of December,
1903. a dividend has been declared at ths
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of.tases. payable en and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
PROPOSALS. ~
CNTv-^-KSr^r'oTTa^U^
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men •
' Notice, ta hereby given that sealed bids ar*
rollclted for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for grading, leveling
and terracing certain portions of the ground*
of th« Affiliated .Colleges of the University
ot • California. . Ironting on Parnassus
avenue. San- Francisco. Cat., and said
bids will be. received at the offica of
the Regents. South Hall. . Berkeley, at
or before 12 o'clock m. of March IS. 19O4
Plans and specifications for said grading
have been adopted and may be examined
dally at the offlce of N. BLAiSDE:i_, room
IS. 222 S-insome at.. Kan Francisco, from
! a a. m. until 4 P. tn.
Bids must be in th* form contained in the
specifications. Nf> bids will b* considered
' unless accompanied by a certified check or
bond of bidder. In favor of the Re-
gent* of the University -of California, equal
to ten (1C> per cent "f his bid. With 8ufn>i.ru
puret'es. conditioned that if said hid bt ac-
cepted the bidder will duly enter into a
proper contract and bond to perform the duty
and r.Migatlons in accordance with sai.l bid
and with the plans and specifications, which
«re hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all bids
is hereby reserved.
- B" order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
V. tl. HENDERSON.
Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for gate and ston* wall— Office
Depot Quartermaster, 3«J New Montgomery
Pt., San Francisco. Cal.. March 10. TJ04.
Sealed proposals In triplicate will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. m.»
March 20. 1004. and then opened, for con-
struction nf a gateway and a >ton«
wall alonx southern and eastern boundary
lines of. the FresIJio Military Reservation.
San Francisco. Cal.. in accordance with
plans and soeciflcatlons to be s»en at this
office. . C. A. DEVOL. Major and Quarter-
master. U. P. A.. Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO.' Cal.. March 14. 1904-^
Sealed proposals In triplicate will be re-
celved here.untll.il o'clock a. m-. April 14.
. 1904, and then opened, for construction of
frame subsistence stcrehnufie at the Infantry
Cantonment, Pte?idlo of San Francisco, Cal.
Government . reserves the right to reject or
accept any or all bids In whnf* or in part.
Information furnished on application to WM.
S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
• eral. Chief Q. M. ,
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use;
best is cheapest; second- hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic offlce. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — Se« our new triple-feed ma-
chines; sllffhtly used: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand, $.% $."-, $s : ,!j ityl«s: guaranteed. New
Home Sowing Maohire Co.. 1051 Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES, send your address to 1126 Market St..
S. F.. valuable Information: room 2.
AXD "WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co."furnlture7
household goods stored, moved, shipped. I"£3-
7-11 Howard st. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIcIRCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
rtc* pQgt and Powell st». ; tel. Priv. Ex. S71.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
d!«e. - 3.-« Golden Gate ave. ; Phona Kosi 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made 84i>
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movtriy Com-
pany. 2320 FHImore st. ; phone Jackson "TCI.
BEKINS Van an-t Storatre Co.. 11 Montgomery
»t. : tel. Main l.'UO. Shipping at cut rates.
E1RTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by .
raatl will not be Inserted. They must b« hand«d
tn at either of the publication offices) and b<*
indorsed with tbe name and residencs of p«r-
o i.s authorized to hav-i the same published.
.Notices restricted simply to the announc«maoe
of the event are published one* in tnia column
free of chars*.
BORN.
GRACE — In this city, to the wtf> of FrancU
J. W. Grace, a son.
MOHAN— In San Rafael. March t3. 10O4. t«
the wife of James Moran. a son.
DIED.
Alllacn. Elizabeth Kellly. Charles
Harry, Nellie Lang. May
Hates. Otis R. L*>nahan. John
Brett. Capt. Jas. E. Leonard. Thomas
Brooks. Patrick Loughnane, JamM
Chase. William V. Mey«rs. Samuel
Davenport. t"arah C. Mtchelbach. Charles
Doering, Mrs. O'Hara. Frajicis J.
Dougherty. Daniel O'Hara. Frank
F^nneesey. Edward Olsson. Frtihiof
FUher (infant) Polroll Louis
Fitzgerald. Daniel Rallton. Helen H.
Greene. Daniel Ryan. Thomas E.
Hughes. Bertha Ityan. Angela C.
Kaufmann. El!<>« Stevenson. John J.
Kehoe. Lawrence
ALLISON— In this city. March 13. 1304. Elis-
abeth Allison, beloved wife of Thomas S.
Allison, and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jame*
Patterson, and sister of Mrs. T. J. Gough.
James Patterson Jr.. Mra. W. H. Hamilton.
Mayme« Patterson and William Patterson,
a native of £"an Francisco.
BARRY— In Vallejo. March 13. 1904. Nellie,
dearly beloved daughter of John and Mary
Barry, and beloved sister of Mamie Barry,
a native of Vallejo, Cal.
ff"7"The funeral will take plac« Tuesday.
March 15. at 10 o'clock, from St. Vincent's
Church. Vatlejo. Interment St. Vincent's
Cemetery.
BATE:*— In Oakland. March IS. 1904, Otis R.
Bates, a native of California, aged 33 year.*.
BRETT— In Oklahoma City. O. T.. March .".,
i!»'i I of pneumonia. CapuJa James E. Brett.
V. S. A., retired, beloved huabaad of dallte
P. Brett, and father of Stuart S.. .Lucila P.
anJ the late Herbert S. Erett. a natire of
North Carolina, aged 51 yeara 2 months and
1 day.
CI?"Frien'ta and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. March 14,. at 2 o'clock, at his late
rr.iidence, 122? Fulton street. Interment.
National Cemetery. Presidio.
BROOKS— In Colma. March 12. 1904. Patrick
¦ Brooks, beloved husband of the late Eliza -
b. th Brooks, and father of Mrs. M. Whelan
and Mrs. Thomas Spellman and brother of
John Brooks, a native of County Roscommon.
lrelan<l. aged >1 years.
CTFrlendfl and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Turdday). at 9 o'clock, from, th* residence
or his daughter. Mrs. M. tV'halaa, Holy
Cross, thence to St. Ann 1 * Church, Colma.
whrre a requiem high mass will b« cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at lt>
o'clock.
CHASE— In this city. March 12. 1904. William
Vickery Chase beloved husband of May L.
Chase, father of Fred J.. Wiliam V. Jr..
Laura and Dorothy Chase, and brother of
Harry K. . Thomas D . Malcolm P. and Sam-
uel B. Chase anti Mrs. Jerome Waliien. a
native of .-':m Francisco, aged 4? ye_ s -J
months and -_'5 days.
ICyNotic* of funeral hereafter.
DAVENPORT— In this city, March 12. 190».
Sarah C. beloved daughter of Frank S.
ami Catherine Davenport, and sister of
James L.. Wiliam D.. Gertrude M.. Frank
tv. Charles J., Francis E. and the iats
Ueorgu A. Davenport, a native of dan Fran-
cisco, aged 10 months and 1 day.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respevt-
fulty invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 12:."t> o'clock, from the funeral
I'urii-r.. of the Henry J. Gallagher Under-
taking Company. 20 Fifth street. Interment
Holy Crews Cemetery.
DOEKING— C. L. A. S. No. IS — Man will be
celebrated for the repose of the auul of the
late Mrs. Dorring. Tuesday morning, March
15. at.y o'clock, at All Hallows Church, N
street South. .South *fan Francisco.
MRS. HAGAN, President.
DOUGHERTY— In the City and County Hos-
pital. March li. 19(>4. Daniel Dougherty, a
native of Ireland, aged 3o years.
FENNESSEY— In this city, March 12. 1304.
Edward J . beloved husband of Delia Fen-
nessey. dero'ed father of Eddie and Oeae-
vieve Fenjiei-sey, son of Edward and the laia
Johanna Kennessey. and brother of Non.o
and Willie Fennesaey. Sister Mary Stephania
and Mrs. E. E. Bullene, a native of San.
Francisco, aged 29 years il months and 5
days.
and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(.Monday), ut S:."J« o'clock, from the resk-
Jence of hi» father. 131S'i Florida street.
between Twenty-filth and Twenty-sixth,
thence to J^t, Peter's Church, where a sol-
emn --eriulf-m high man* will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
0 o'clock Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FISHER— In this city. March 13. 1004. Infant
son of William F\ and Suoy Flaher. a natlva
of San Francisco, aged 2 days.
FITZGEP.ALD— In the City and County Hos-
pital. March 13, lwu. Daniel Fltzjcrald, a
native of Ireland, aged Jl years.
GHEENE— In this ilty. March 10. 1304.
Daniel, beloved husban-t of Annie Greene, and.
father of Daniel. Charles. Thoma». Anm*
and Lizzie Gmaa and Mrs. Kate Uelav-an.
ana grandfather of \faaie and Edward F.
Greene, a native of County Donegal, Ireland,
aged 73 yfar«. A member of St. Patrick'*
Mutual Alliance.
C7"Frit-nds and nciju^lntances are respect-
fully invited to attend . the funeral Monday.
March H. al y o'clock, trom his late r.»i-
d*-nce. UO4 Greenwich strtet. thence to Si.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
ma;a will b»! celebrated for the reixw* ot
his :k>u1, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Intfr-.
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
St. ratrick's Mutual Alliance Associa-
tion of California— -The Funeral Comrelttto
will meet at ix> I Greenwich street on Miin-
day mornir.g. March 14. at '¦• o'clock, to ten*
der our last tribute of respect to our de-
ceased brother. I -.iniel Greene, thance to St.
Francl.t Church. All members are Invited
to attend.
THOMAS F. McGRATH, President.
T. E. GIBBONS, Cor. Sec.
HL'GHES— In this city. March IS. 19--4.
Bertha Hughes-, beloved wife of Willism H.
Hughes, a native of New York, agetl M
yeara.
(""""¦"Notice of funeral hereafter.
KAt'FMANN— In this city. March 13 1904.
EUse. d«-arly beloved wife of Otto K*uf-
manri. ami mother of Eugene and Arthur
Kiufmann, a native of InterUkfn. Switzer-
land, aged .'W years and t* months.
(_* Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 2:30 o'clock, from »h» parlor*
cf-H. F. Suhr & Co.. Ilo7 Mt.<wion street,
bptween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Odrt
Fellows' Cemetery. * >_
KEHOE— In Oakland. Cal.. March U. 19<>4.
Lawrence, biloved htuband of Annie Kehor.
and devoted father of Mjry B.. Louise M .
Christopher C. and Margaret E. Kehoe. a
native of County Klldar*. Ireland, aged 31
years 11 months and li days. A member ot
Oakland Camp No. 94. W. O. W. Members
please take notice.
EJf Friends and acquaintances ar« r?-»pect-
luily invited to attend the funeral to-day
.tMonday), at M: 30 .o'clock, from his lat«
residence. SZ9 Twentieth street, thence to
St. Franc* de Sales Church, whers a r*-
qulera high mass will be celebrated for th«
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. March 13. 19O4. Charl»»
Kelly, .a native- of California, aged 40 years
and 21 days. A member of Waiters* Union,
Loral No. 3ft.
CNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Porter £ White. 42J
Golden Gate avenue.
LANG— In this city. March 13. 19O4. May.
dearly beloved wife of Ernest L. Uans. an<t
loving daughter of Mrs. and. the !ata Davit
Hareen. and sister of John; Catherine and
Elizabeth Hareen. .
LENAIIAN— An anniversary solemn rwjulem
high mass for the repoae of the soul of Joha
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
OAKLAND property to exchange for good
country property. P. C. LA8SEN. 460 Tenth
st... Oakland. Cal. .
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'XTS
HEHKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FRANCIS FERRIER. Real Estate. Insurance —
Detlrable properties too numerous to mention
, on every street in Berkeley, at lowest prices;
or will furnish funds and build a home for
you on monthly payments less than rent.
LlFt your properties- with us.
2121 Shattuck avt., Opp. BERKELEY Station.
A SPECIAL bargain— A fine 7-room eott"ig<",
! largo lot: all street work done; good location;
easy terms: prico $2750. P. CLASSEN. 4G<5
Tenth St., Oakland.
ON sunny nide of Essex St., one block from
Ashby station, between Adeline and Shattuck
ave.; house of 0 rooms; price reduced $2. r >0
for ten day*; by owner only. C R. SHAW.
1566 Eleventh ave. : tel. Brook 130. Make
appointment by mall or telephone.
A BARGAIN If sold at once; new 6-room
house, . modern: street done; owner needs
cash. P. O.- box 114, South Berkeley.
A. MURDOCH & CO.. South Berkeley station,
for bargains; we build, buy, sell or exchang*-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HKAL K-STATK.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
REDUCED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.'
OWNER OBLIGED TO LEAVE STATE.
MODERN 9-ROOM HOMESTEAD: LARGE
ROOMS. HALL AND BASEMENT; SPA-
CIOUS LOT. WITH' -FINK STABLE; PROP-
ERTY IN TIPTOP ORDER: EASY TERMS
TO GUARANTEED BUYER; FEW MIN-
UTES TO FERRY TRAIN.
WE HAVE OTHER ATTRACTIVE HOME
PROPERTIES TO SUIT YOUR PURSE.
WISEMAN. HOLCOMB &. YOUNG,
814 SAN PABLO AVE.. OAKLAND. CAL.
tv\ H. Y.
FOR RENT.
Three modern residences of 8 and 0 rooms:
one furnished: beautifully situated on the
heights; one en a corner, with choice mature
fruit trees: finest neighborhood; view and situ-
ation Ideal- these are choice.
WISEMAN. HOLCOMB & YOUNG.
314 San Pablo ave.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargain* In furnl-
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth «t..cor.atore. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR IIOITSEKKEPING.
FIFTH. o4S— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent chaao.
FOLSOM. nr. TwentyTfourth— First floor of 3
sunny rooms, partly furnished or unfur-
nished, with bath. gas. tubs and yard; stable,
if desired. Box 457ti. Call offlce.
FOURTH, 225 — Nice large housekeeping room;
also single rooms.
FOURTH, 4!>1 — Front and back parlor for
houvekoeping; also double and single rooms.
GEARY. 1002 — Nicely furn. sunny front parlor;
-single rooms; housekeeping privileges; gas.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 4"W — Three housekeep-
ing room*.
GUERRERO. 228—2 handsome rooms; fur-
nished or unfurnished.
HAYES, 4fW — 2 or 3 large sunny housekeeping
rooms with 'grate and water.
HYDE, !>28— Nicely f.urn.|t<hed front ' parlor
suite; also 3 sunny basement rooms; phone
Hyde 930.
KEARXY. 21S-— -Newly renovated and house-
keeping room?.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Eunny. furnished 3-room suite*: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
LARKIN. 41H — Furnished housekeeping rooma
and yard.
MCALLISTER. 53S— Sunny suites; $14 and $7;
gas range; hot bath and laundry.
PAGE 27.S — '2 rooms suitable for housekeep-
ing or single.
PINE. l fi 20— An elegant parlor suite ot six.
exceptionally large sunny rooms; can divide;
kitchen, basement, yard; partly furnished;
$40; private.
THIRD. SOS — Two isrnnii connecting bay-win-
dow parlors: Sl-1 only; gas and bath.
VALENCIA. r.)l— :» large sunny rooms; gas.
bath; srlvate entrance; $20.
VALENCIA, >822 — Two or three sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooma; electric lights.
VAN NESS ave.. 70tf — Two sunny front rooms;
complete for housekeeping: $25.
WEBSTER. 1125^ cor! Eddy— March 14. 3
sunny furnished housekeeping rooi>is; private
family. >
WEBSTER. 2927. nr. Union— Two large rooma
and bath: furnl>hed for houseke o ping; 811.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
A ST. HILAIRE APARTMENTS
— LAOUNA ST., NEAR GEARY.
Will be ready for occupation in a few
flays. Everything new. Make your
reservations now. Elesantly furnished
apartments with private bath— 2. a and
4 rooms; steam heat: electric light ;ele- (
vator; private phones; rates reasonable.
A^CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March IS.
10S4 SUTVER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny: 2-S-4 rooms and
¦ bath each; all unfurnished : $30 to $45.
Make reservations now. • ,'
THE LUNGER. M5 Octavla, cor. Hayes— Just
completed: sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments:
elegantly furnished; electric lights; prlvata
bath«* $40. up; refs.; also doctor's offices.
A \TMBEH of very desirable tunny wpart-
' ments; 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc. ; unfurnished or furnished to
order; new house. The St. Charlts. 1560
Sacramento St.. near Larkin.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— Th»
acme of ptrfe<-&ion In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private batha. steam heat, elec-
-\eric lights, elevator, gas ranges: $30 to $35.
MASON. 825 — Elegantly furnished aunnjr 4
rooms; apartments; private; bath; electric
lights; phone; . adults.
ST.~LOUIS. 157&~Jackson St.— Modem 3-4-5
¦ rooms; also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; references. Phone East 1350.
IROQUOI8 Apartments. 510 EUis. nr. Leaven-
worth: 2. 3 nnd 4 rms.: upen for Inspection.
APARTMENTS TO LET.
A. MAN and wife have n furnished flat of 7
rooms; would like to rent 3 or 4 of them,
complete for housekeeping, to a man and
¦wife or 2 ladles. Box 4571. Call offlce.
ROOMS TO I,ET Kuril, and Vnfnra.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
bouse, oew furniture; every room outside;
modern unJ sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this in the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
SSc to $1 per night. SI 25 to $.1 per week and
1 light housekeeping rooms; open all night. -
AT •'The Almonte/' 873 Market st. (or No. 1
; Fifth st.)— Rocms, 25c. 80c. $1. $1 B0 night;
$? 50 to |10 week; house-open all night.
ALL newly furnished, beautiful rooms at the
Waverly rooming house. S41 O'Farrell st. .
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364>— Fur-
' nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Elils, corner. Mason— Elegantly
furnished -sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Ju«
. opened: desirably located; sunny, single rooms
'and- suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights. Piione every
' room; elevator. Phone 'East 1317 If desired.
EDDY, 722 — Nice sunny rooms; rent very
cheap. .
EDDY, 8S3— Two large connecting: i sunny
rooms; • furnished; suitable for students and
clubs. ;..
FERN HALL, 812 Bush — Elegantly furn. rms.;
all sunny; terms reasonable; references..
HELP WA-vTED- MALE— Con.
M n N \^ d ,°J anitor fork for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard et.
W ke\ CI^i STER noteU 4 * •*•' n ~ r M "- r -
ket— .00 rooms: 35c night; reading - rooms;
iree bua and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
or ttdverttwments and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market et., opposite Fifth.
Open unttl 11 o . m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
<-all branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL elzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
j Pr»ce. 'tee Mission gt.. bet 1st and 2d 6ts.
I GET your shoes h«df-sol»d while waiting; 25c
to 60c. irq Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d ats
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
REGULAR auction sales of horses, baggies.
wajronE and harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at C15 Ellis st.; all horses guaranteed
to be as represented. S. WATKINS, Auc-
tioneer. Pbone East 743.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m., SJ7 Sixth St.; every horse mud be
be represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
BAY horse, IC hands; price $200; surrey.
'73; new butcher or' grocery wagon, $125:
tearh trsp. 8 »eater. $."?.V>- rubber tire top
road buggy. $75. Box 4548. Call.
WANTED — Horse: good, sound, gentle, about
7 years, a good driver; ftate pric?. Box 1076,
Call office, Oakland.
FOR --ale-^At Eclipse stable. 1373 Eddy st..
brood mare, weight 1250; 3 buslneEs horses;
two cheap carts.
WANTED — Horses, 1.1C0 lbs. or over; state
No., description and price. Box 4000. Call.
FOR sale for $6u; an open buggy in good con-
dition: ccst $100. Box 45CK>. Call.
FOR sale — r>-year-o!d mare: rcadfter; Flngle,
double, or saddle. 2u5C McAllister pt.
AUCTION every Tuesday, 11 a. m.. of horses,
wagons and harness, at 1140 Folsom st.
Al EXPRESS wagon. !l*ht "camping wagon
and go-cart for sa.le. cheap. 532 Mission St.
Largest asscrtmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey, harness, work.drivinBT hcrses. 15th-Valencia.
HOPSBS TO IJBT.
A— PRINTED list of houses U> let: "end for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
HOUSE on corner lot; handsome home; stable,
etc.. for sale cheap. 800 First ave.
HOUSE of 3 rooms, $6; near 24th and Castro.
Apply 517 Clipper st.
MCALLISTER. 12C9 — 12 rooms, bath and bil-
liard-room; $C0; water frer; modern.
SEE Renting Department M. Friedman & Co.,
237 Post St., for nice flats and houses.
BEFORE mortng get our printed list of hou?es
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post Bt.
HOUSES TO LET — FPRSISHBP.
A — 10 ROOMS, bath, basement, heater. laundry,
large garden, conservatory; sunny side Sac-
ramento st., near Pierce; will lease. For per-
mit to Inject accly to SPECK & CO., 'Hfi
Montgomery st.
A SPLENDID location: 13 rooms; nicely fur-
nlshrd: bargain. 1S55 Ootavia St.. cor. Slitter.
HOUSES WASTED FURMSIIEu!
NEWLY furnished house of S to 10 rooms.
Western Addition. Room 302, Hearst bldg.
HOUSES WAXTED.
SUNNY upper flat of 4 rooms, not too far out,
for iwo adults; reasonable. Box 4ti."t»S. Call.
LOST A.\D FHIXD.
LC^T — Great Dane, lvtht blind'-?; reward for
r-turn or Information l:-.i<l'yi>r theie t'.. 1-1(2
llarrisscn st.
LOST — A brown fur boa: liberal reward to
finder. Address C. W. HUNT. Pacific Mu-
tual bulldiiur.
FOUND — A lady's silk umbrella: owner can
hav»« tame by proving and paying charges.
K. C. H-. 12TJ.-. Markft St.
FDI'ND — A pin In an automobile; owner <ran
have it by proving property. 214 PoFt st.
_^__ ME PICA L.
LADIES desiring ra.fe, cure and quick relief
lrr>rr. lrr*sulirttics contmit me at onue. my
methodi are always '««fe. painless and reli-
able: I nav« r.o fallurt;!*: cure guaranteed; no
•-xorbitar.t fees; 17 years' experience In all
female disorders; call or write without delay ;
advice free; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st.. rooma 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WTKTH. spaciallat for all female
ccmplaintr and irregularities: infftant relief
guaranteed; .'SO years' experience. S'2f> Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable speo,ai:*t for all fe-
male trcubics and irregularities; instant re-
hpf guaranteed. K'OS'i Market ft., cpp. 5th.
I^ADY phjsitian. Eastern diploma, compelled
to reipiiin on **aciflc Coast one year, desires
I>osltion In doctor's offic*-; extf-nsive experi-
ence with specialist having large clinical
and correfpondence practice, also hospital ex-
perience. Box 20. IOCS Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are ilck>r
tn trouble consult this specialist on female
complains: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult eases treated;
advice free. Orflce. 1018 Market Bt.
A DESTITUTE women's friend; fre«» secluded
honir durin-r confinement; also housekeeping
room*; infants adopted in good hemef.
MRi". DR. FL'NKE 141H Sth St.. Alameda.
Drf*. Gcodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in ofcstetric*. female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10: hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' e\per.
SIPS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a jTivate home before nnd during
confinement: beet medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
crig'r.al method cf treatment. 112R Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2035 Folsom st., corner
2Cth; ladles, relief or no feet $10.
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 318 Powe4l St.. opposite
Union square: nil diseases cured bv herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE. ,
BOILERS, engines. 24-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & V.OLPMAN. 195-1U7 Fremont St.
doesTyour roof leak? ~
Repair It with e!aterlt«; .In rolls ea*y to lay;
needb no painting or noatlng; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; bent for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
CD-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, .etc.. efi.. bought, sold,
rented and •¦xebanged: *ce Sunday papers.
U. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaramed
to stop all lesks In the one and preserve th»
new. 205 Front 6t.; tel. Main
A— FINE <-uits, $7 SO; dress pants. $2 60. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny et.,
near I3ueh: open to n p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rent» gear machinery, en-
gines boil»r». water pip». rhaftlng, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Epear s^
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats, tl SO.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny Ft., near
Pine: open to 8 p. m.'; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-fcrm shoe* at $2 50; w» pay express
charges. 11 3d et.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
3Hc ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
rcilM; pslr.ting. tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN. 1302 Webrter. Tel. Jackson 1321.
A 21xd in. PLANER and matchf-r.25 and W h.p.
gasoline engines, motors, generator*, ons!"""*.
bnll»-rs.mln. and mill.mach'y. 220 Fr^mum st.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watch«»«;
«-a*y payments. GARIN. *O.1 Haywnrd %Utg.
FOR nale^ — Piano, music box. organ, harness
and modern house. 422 Orange et.. Oakland.
BAR fixtures of the Rocklngham, Powell and
O'Farrell sts.. for sale.
FOR tale — Computing rcale; first class order;
reasonable. 721 Folrom st. >
' A FRESH cow and ca4f for eale. 509 Twenty-
ninth Et. • -:¦'.'¦•',
FOR sale — Plumber's tools, grinding stone and
barbers' chairs. 953 Howard Bt.
$20— LARGE French range; new water back.
801 Scott, cor. Fulton: tel. Sutter 1126.
Encyclopedia Britannlca; Bcribner edition; half
morocco. KJnc'a Old Bookstore, 61 McAllister.
GA6OLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Eykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
SAFES an<5 cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 467.
SOME rood second-band irasollne engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes, Twentieth
Centoriea. Puck*. BACIGALUPI. 833 Market
DESKS and safes; aee the complete line at 1816
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BRO9.
SAFES — New and second-hand- THE HEB-
MANN SAJTU CO.. 807 Battery K. *
j- ?^* t - S -?' y -*^- Ii -?T7p wnt * WI1 * rt -
Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure blood (affecting
ekin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market ,st.
BOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.', Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancinff. 1656 Market, nr. Larkln.
SUPERFLUOUS* hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr. end lire. Trarers, 1170
irarket.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.); tailors. 729 Mark* t.
LIQUOR habit cured In two days or no charge
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. 097 Market si.
Actina restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIPA CO., 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric noedle specialist, 369 Sut-
ter. r. 600. MIes Eaton. 233 Geary, room 3S.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE *ult $7 50; dress pants $2 SO.
MlafU Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores "Tray
hair to its natural color, SI; at all druggists'.
FRENCH massage in exchange for English
lesson. 1 -. Rox 4319, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
Unired States or Canada one year for $1.
P-AXiUSTllY.
MADAM DEVAS. '
PALMIST >ND ASTROLOGIST, LIEBE3
BUILDING. 139 POST ST.
11. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 515
Taylor st mtr Geary. Phone Rlack 561.
PAPKR HA AGING. I'AIXTJMS, ETC.
ROOMS capered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartn-ann Paint Co.. 310 Third: tel. Main 413.
physicians A.\i) si;iu;eo.\-».
DR. C. C. b-DONNELL-iofo^a ' and -residenc*.
1021 % Market st,. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar aitent:on paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, ekin and rertat diseases a *ueclaitv
DR. BALL. 1073VA Market st.
REMOVED- DR. WONO HIM. herd doctor
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four yeers at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at C«~ Geary tt.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and tea*. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. -MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. th« famous herb doctor — All dls-
earc* cured bv Chinese herbs. 74B-S Clay «t.
1 1 k a l h state — city — foil sale.
bui ldTno "construction compXny
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 012 Callaghan'tild
will build on your property or buy you a lot-
is per month pays principal and interest on
each $100() of balance due, making your In-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lota in the
Excrlslor Homestead Tract; all level, no
grading to do; ready to build your little home
on; clote to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., Room 5.
$1N")O— NEW oottaee of & r. and b. : 2 blaaka
from 29th and Mission sts.. on Prospect ave •
•street work done: fine view; will loan $14(16
on this with rany payments
D. COFFIN & CO.. 330.1 Mission st.
$(JW)(» — NEW coxy homes Just completed: bar-
gi»inr: beautks; se<- them; Clayton st., eouth
cf Frederick ; Masonic-.ive. cars to the door-
traniffer at HalKht or Oak st. J. STIERLKX.
ownr-r. on promises; phon? Page 91C1.
BUILD on your untmprov«d realty^ w» loan.
full cost improv. and part lot at « per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bulldlnp.
$lli"nv_ COTTAGE of 4 roonjs; goo"d locatioin
street work all done: easy terms. 3310 Mission.
PLUMBING, new or old: estimates grven
AHLUACH & MAYER. ST,6 Howard st.
UKAlj ; ('ciiiiitry-— For Stale.
W. J. WH1TB~
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE
EXCHANGES- ¦ ,
$15.51^-103 acres; -all level; I mile ot towni
•-ontra ».o«ta Count/; eletant tt-room house; 2
large barns; 7 voultry houses; •; large' gran-
aries: Income about J.iOOO a y ? .ar; best ranch
In the county.
$;:o.00U — Klamath Co.. Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on Big Klamath Lake; S0O0 acres; cut
about MW tons of hay annually; al.-o iarge
quantitiea of grain; well reme'd and cro»»-
lenced; good S-fffom residence; tarmin$ lmpl*'
merit?; 10 hoj-scs; ;; £<>cd barn"!, etc.
iJlC-^O—In .Sonoma Co.; sw acres well fenced
in :¦ RfldK; hciUM-; 3 larce barns; dairy house;
well wutcied; -;00 acres tillable; all level- Si
acres vytar-old c-rchard; ;'U head cattle;' -J-J
hogs; farmings implements, ttc; $30(H> mort-
ga.se; trailc for bay jToperty
J27.0OO-- In Placer Co.. on R. K.— 1C80 acres.
rait river bottom, all tan be ploughed;- carry
4fi<J head cattle -.ear round; dwelling: :{ good
barns; rarmlnj impltment?-; 00 bead cattle; li
head horsey; plenty whI-.t to irrigate; part cash.
*K50D — Scld by order of Hupenor Court. 1OSI"
aertrs, ntar Paint Arena, -icy acn » hne potuto
land; at)i>Ie orchnrd; 5iki acrea more cou'il be
planted; :i00 acres heavy timber; well Im-
proved and fenced: fino dairy or stock ranch.
$,VKH) — Best ranch In Southern Oregon; "CIO
acres; 2 sets cot<i Improvement*; well fenced;
orchard; 6 horsrs: farming tools; uutsid« range.
*:-:.'5O — Only SE miles of town. 15.% acre};; 10
acres old vineyard; family orchard: <>O acres
clover or u Italia; und«-r 3 ditches; larze new
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows;* farming implements; only
$1000 down. N
$250u — 1(>0 ucres near boat and cars, Sonoma
Co.; good U-room hou*e; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuilclingti, horsos. cow, poultry, ">"!00;
Job can be had with ths place.
?2MMJ — One mile P. O.. Bchools and stores;
235 acres: 40 level: 10 could be lrrigutcd;
house, large barn, outhouses; well fenced and
cross-fenced; 15o hens; new buggy, wagon,
farming tools; eome stock; a wells; water piped
to buUaings; furniture.
$4500 — Two and a half miles live town and
R. R.: 400 acres: 40 in grain on creek; about
100 acres more bottom, land; 10 acres full bear-
ing orchard: balance timbered pasture: hou*e.
barn, etc.; line place for resort or sanitarium:
not iar from city.
$r.0o0 — "i miles cf Santa Cruz; 47 acres; 18
unler cultivation, balance fine pasture; 305
aspiif-ted fruit trees; 1500 grapes; windmill and
tank: water piped to buildings and yards:
tpfcndid fe-room hard-finished houee, good
slBblo and poultry houses; span Kood horses; 2
cowc: 7 dozen hens; single ana double buggies
ami harness: hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
$2850 — ItiO acres, S miles of N'apa City, 2
miles P. O.; .JO acres under cultivation; 15
acres lul! bearing fruit; 15 acres tine grain;
bS acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky: house, barn, poultry houses,
incubator, brooders. 2 wagons. '2 carts, horse,
cow. poultry, tools. ¦
53000 — 1G0 acres, at station and noar Santa
CruK; .""."» acne* clear: orchard; 10-room houye;
Outbuildings ~ "mortgage $2000; trade equity.
$3500 — Near San Jose; 14 acreti bearing fruit,
mostly prune*; facilities for irrigation; build-
ings. • '* ,
¦$:>250—2tf "acres *andy loam, only 2»i miles. of
Petaluma; houee. 3 rooms and bath: part caih.
$750 — Gold mine, with SO-foot shaft and- One
body of ore In sight. El Dorado Co. ; assays
$14 a ton: would exchange for vacant lot.*
$2500 — Ot) acren; .*> miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acrrs under cultivation, balance rolling and
feme ste'p; "=maU orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing; sood 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $000 down and balance
monthly ra>' ment * 'if -desired.
j;55OO — Near Petaluma: 13 acres; 6-room
house; good outbuilding!-; tools; wagon nnd
hor*e: 10 "poultry houses: 400 hens;'2 Incuba-
tors and brooders; a money-maker.
flOOy— Close to : Srbastopol; S acres. 4 aeTeo
beari-iK t'laekberrles; family orchard; good
wll; running water: njie Jersey cow; . spring
wagon: harness; tools; furniture.
$4f,co_xcjir Sebastopo!; 24 acres: all level;
2 flowing streams; 6 acres apples: 3 acres
blaekb-rrres: nice 8-room house, barn; drying
plant; outbuildings; horses; farming tools; ru-
ral delivery. .- - - - .
$2250 — 10 acres, all in apricots Just com-
mencing to bear; 0 miles from San Jose; lovely
! horae; half cash. >
I . $ivco— In Sonoma City; 3Vi acres; all level:
; good houre. barn, windmill, tank house: 13
| po'iltrv houses and yard*: some alfalfa; spring
' wagon: 500 chickens: fesd house.
Sfnd stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE. 211 Montgomery Ft., room 5.
PROPERTY KX C HA .^°JJi s _ A SPECIALTY.
FOR sale — Country homes In every county In
California, at all ! prices, from S150 00 to
¦ $75,000 00. Immenie list to select from. If
-you want land of any kind call on . .
• HOWE & MERRITT.
952 Broadway. Oakland.
320 ACRES flDe fruit, alfalfa or grain land,
near Winters, Cal. ; - property of Good Tem-
plars' home for orphans: must be sold. Call
or address VOLNEY TAYLOR, 1459 West et.
• 'Oakland." ' • * -
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
. ' logucs -ront free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. <M3
Market »t. ,-¦--.¦ - ' -.- - .
REDWOOD tract. 320 acres:- accessible* to R.
. R.; above Uklah. Apply 166 Hartford at. .
¦ .PROPERTY. WANTED..,
WANTED— A Western Addition or Mission
- home; price' from '$2000 to $3500. Address
t box 4626., Call. v"- ; \-"" ! - . ,
COLUMNS WILL BPINCi MMNFOI D DETUPN5 TRY ITThe follOTvlnjr vessels are quoted on the re
insurance list: Englehorn, 1S5 days from
Philadelphia to Fausan. 10 per cent; W. F.
Babcock, 156 days from Baltimore to '¦ San
Francisco. IS per cent; Zwijger,;147 day« frohi'
Havre to Lamina, 90 per cent: Clematis,' iSS
days from Antwerp to Kernandina, 15 per cent.
Overdues.
'ltOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCI55CO. March 13. 5 p. m.
Tr.e fo!lo»!nK are the seasonal rainfalls to
<!ate ae <-ompart<l with those cf earn© date last
reason, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
I-a«t This Last
station* — 24 hours, season ceaiton.
Rureka .... 46.59
Tltd BIufT 0.00 24.18 20.C8
0.00 12.06 12. K5
Sen Francisco 0.00 15.24 14.24
Fl*-sno 0.00 4.52 6.43
: nJ^r^-ndence O.O0 - 1.76 1.S2
: s «n Luis Obiepo O.OO ]O.O4 13.47
I^os Angf-les 0.00 4.95 10.00
Ser. Diego 0.00 2.C2 9.72
Weather Report.
THE COAST RECORD. j
a K 2 o JJ*3
STATIONS. <» i 5 5 = - ~ 5T" *i
F-aker C9.GH 40 52 FW C!ou<5y loo
«'«rson 1-3. P« r.2 34' TV* Cloudy .00
I'i»fno SO. OS «i2 44 E Cloudy .00
riagrtaff 3n.O4 54 10 W Cloudy .00
»'<•. ate!!o . ?A. us ' 4<J S <'loudy"~*.O<(
Ir.der-onde.Kt-e .:i0.<V& M Sfi EE Cloudy .00
Jxjs Augrie*.'. 30.04 70 46 W <:iear .00
Mt Tsmalpaii-.SO.n 51 37 W Cloudy .00
.Vort!) Head.. £1.96 42 .74 SE Cloudy .O<j
f i.otiiis 29.93 74 40 N\V Pt.Cldy .00
Portland IS.lHi 40 34 XW Rain .2*
K«i Bluff 30.0*1 54 44 SE Cloudy .CO
j:»v«-t,urg 23.82 4C 40 \E Haiti -,4«
..SO. 10 M 40 s Cloudy .f-0
Salt T-ake 30.04 4S 26 S Clear- .00
San l'ranciEco.30.13 5S 4fl W Cloudy .00
Pan L.Obiepo.JiO.lO e<$ 4ti W Clear .00
San Diego 30.02 61 4C KW Pt.Cldy .00
fWttle 29. 9S 48 TO W Pt.Cldy .14
Si>okane :«*.tt! 42 34 W £now .03
Tatoosh 29.'J« 40 34 S Cloudy .38
Walla VValla. .30.00 4« « E Pt.Cldy .O6
•\Vinemucca ..30.06 44 30 X CJoudy .»O
Turn 29.08 SO 48 NE Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over the Pacific
? lope. «nd flight rain has fallen from the Cali
f'-rn:a -Oregdn line northward, with snow In
N«vthpa*wrn IVashinfitun.
The pressure, ha* fallen steadily along the
<¦<¦<•« of Northern California and Oregon, and
tfiere are indications of the approach of an
< thM Ftorm from the ocf an. t ,
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary in all districts.
Tbf ri vrs are abont stationary.- .
Forecast made at San Francisco tor thirty
hour* endinr midnight Marrh 14: ~
Northern California — Cloudy Monday; prob-
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. 1 Due.
Missouri Hakodate (Mar. 14
North Fork... Humboldt (Mar. 14
Wyefleld Nanalmo Mar. 14
S Barbara... San Pedro Mar. 14
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor Mar. 14
Xrcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 14
Coos Bay Pan Pedro &. Way Pts. Mar. 14
Mackinaw Tacoma Mar. 14
Valencia Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 14
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Mar. 14
Coronado Grays Harbor Mar. 14
Wellington . . - Oyster Harbor •. . Mar. 15
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 15
Oregon Portland & Astoria Mar. 15
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 15
Kedondo Portland Sc Astoria Mar. 16
Alliance Portland & Way Porte. Mar. 16
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 17
Colon Xew York via Panama. Mar. 17
I I.'matilla Puget Sound Ports Mar. 17
' Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. 17
I Bonlta Newport & Way Ports Mar. 17
! Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 17
Enterprise... Hllo Mar. 18
; Hero Oyster aHrbor Mar. 18
i Spokane Humboldt Mar. IS
¦ Xevadan i Honolulu & Kahulul.. Mar. IS
! Jennie Seattle & Tacoma..... Mar. 18
Anubis Seattle Mar. 20
! G. "V\". Elder.. Portland & Aetorla Mar. 20
; Centralla..~. . Grays Harbor Mar. 21
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom... Mar. 21
Senator Puget Sound Ports.... Mar. 22
Coptic China & Japan Mar. 22
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. Mar. 23
Centennial...! Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 25
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
March 14.
Spokane.... Humboldt l:30pPIer t
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Eureka.... Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Corona -Jo... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
March IS.
G. Undaurr Grays Harbor 2 pm Pier —
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier IS
March 16.
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
March 17.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 0
State of Cal San Diego &. Way. 9 am Pier 11
March 18.
Mariposa.. Tahiti direct...... 11 am Pier 7
i Oregon { Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
i March 19.
San Juan...j N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
.Newburg... Grays'Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
! March 20.
Borita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
March 21.
Cmatilia... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
March 22.
Jcanle Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 20
March 23.
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul. 11 am Pier 7
Siberia China & Japan.... 1 pro Pier 40
March 24.
Sonoma.... Sydney &. Way... 2 pm Pier • 7
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
March 25.
Anubis Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm Pier 19
*7 * : : +
ably showers in north portion; fresh couth
west wind.
* Southern California — Fair Monday; light
west wind. .
Nevada — Cloudy Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Mon
day; probably ahowers; fresh southwest
T.lnd. G. II. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
Movements of Steamers.
MONDAY, MARCH 14.
Run rises 6:22
Sun sets t!:l»S
Moon rises 4:41 a. m.
H Time Time Timel Timel
* Ft. Ft 1 Ft. Ft.
g L W H W L W| H W|
14 I 3:3S 2.5! 9:50 5.01 4:0G 0.5 11:60 4.»
15 |4:17 2.2110:30 5.0!4:SS 0.6 11:27 6.0
16 4:52 2,0!ll:09 4.9 5:11 O.S 11:51 6.0
17 5:2« 1-6111:4.-, 4.S 5:42 1.2
|H W| |L W H W L W
18 I 0:14 5.0j 6:W 1.4|12:24 4.7 6:12 1.3
19 0:36 5.0! 6:42 l.l| 1:05 4.7 6:44] 1.6
20 I 1:011 5.0i 7:22 0.9; 1:52 4.5 7:22| 2.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and tfce successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are bu'. three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is eubtracted from the depth given by
the cherts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
NEW TORK— Arrived March 13— Stmr La
Bretagne. from Havre; etmr Minneapolis, from
London; Etmr St Paul, from Southampton
and Cherbourg; stmr Umbria, from Liverpool
and Queenstown.
NAPLES — Arrived March 12^ — Stmr Ro
manic, from Boston, via Azores, Gibraltar,
Marseilles and Genoa, for Alexandria, and
proceeded March 13.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived March 13— Stmr
St Louis, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg; passed Hurst Castle *at 2:30 a» m.
CHERBOURG— Arrived March 13 — Stmr
Moltke. from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg, and proceeded same day.
LONDON — Arrived March 13 — Stmr Cretlc,
from Boston, via Queenstown: stmr Etruria,
from New York, via Queenstown.
BOULOGNE— Sailed March 12— Stmr Staten
dam, from Rotterdam, for New • York, and
passed Lizard March 13.
BREMEN— Sailed March 12— Stmr Barba
rossa. for New York, via Cherbourg, and
passed Dover March 13.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed March : 13 — Stmr
Campania, from Liverpool, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS
HONOLULU—Sailed March 13— Schr J H
Lunsmann. for Portland: ship Wm P Frye,
for New York: Br »tmr Dorle, for Hongkong;
Br stmr iliowera, for Sydney.
Arrived March 13 — Br stmr MIowera, from
Vancouver.
ASTORIA— Sailed March 13— Stmr Aurella,
for San Franclsoo; stmr Alliance, for San
Francisco; stmr Oregon, for San Francisco; Br
stmr Claverlng. for Hongkong; bktn Katie
Flickinger. for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS— Passed March 13, 11 a m—
Tug Dauntless, with ,8V"" Grace Dollar In
tpw, from Astoria, for San Pedro.
Passed March 13. 4 p m— Stmr San Gabriel,
from Eureka, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE — Arrived March 12— Br bark Ven
tura, from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed March 13 — Stmr Portland, for Val
dez; stmr Montara, for San Francisco. •
SEATTLE — Arrived March 13 — Stmr Ra
mona. from SkaKnray.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed March 18—
Etmr Whitesboro, for San Francisco.
Arrived March 18 — Stmr San Mateo, from
Tacoma. • .
PORT. LUDLOW — Arrived* March 13 — Br
ship Crompton from Tacoma, ¦¦'
EVERETT— Sailed March 13— Schr John A
Campbell from Redondo.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived March 13— Stmr
Rainier hence March 0.
TATOOSH— Passed March 13— Br ship Clan
Mackenzie, from Antwerp for Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed inward March
13 — Br stmr Ping Suey, from. Victoria, for
Tacoma.
Passed outward March 13 — Schr Oceania
Vance, from Port Hadlock, for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived March 13— Br ship
Hartfield, from Antwerp.
ISLAND PORTS.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed March 13. 9 & m—
Stmr Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
Sailed March 13— Stmr Bonlta, for Ban
Francisco.
DOMESTIC POUTS,
March 11. at 4:30 p m — Per stmr City of
Puebla— Passed ship W, H Macy, from Lady
emlth, for San Francisco, under for© lower
topsail and storm spanker, and all sails blown
away; had heavy list to starboard.
March 12, at 6:30 p m.off Point Arena — Per
stmr City of Puebla — Tug Dauntless, with
stmr Grace Dollar In town, from Astoria, for
San Pedro.
SPOKEN'.
POINT LOBOS. March 13. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind southwest; velocity S miles per
hour."
OUTSIDE, BOUND IN— 12 P. M.
Schrs Maria E. Smith and Lizzie Vance.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Sunday. March 13.
Stmr Del Norte. Green, Crescent City.
Rtmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Challenger. Anderson. Astoria.
Stmr G W Elder. Randall, Astoria.
Ship Falls of Clyde. Matson, Hllo.
Bark Edward May. Hansen. Honolulu and
Makawell.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. March 13.
Etmr City of Puebla. Jepsen, SO hours from
Victoria.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, 18 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland. 24 hours from Mon
terey.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 36 hours from
Eureka.
Br ship Xaiad. Davies. 163 days from Liver
pool.
Br ehlp Falls of Halladale. Thomson, 235
days from Liverpool, via Invercargill 72 days.
Schr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. .
Shipping Intelligence.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the tame at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fcrt Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. * For. I Sails.
Cottage City.. Skagwaj- & Way Ports. Mar. 14
Dora Dutch Harbor v. Valdez Mar. 15
Santa Ana.... Valdez & Way Porta.. Mar. 16
Dlrigo Skaftway & Way Ports. Mar. 17
Uumboldt.... Skasrway & Way Ports. Mar. 18
J. Dollar Valdez & Seward Mar. 20
Alki Skagway & "Way Ports. Mar. 20
City Seattle.. Ekagway & \;'ay Ports. Mar. 23
CHICAGO. March 13.— A snowstorm
descended upon Chicago to-night, and
by midnight the fall was eo heavy as
to seriously interfere with street car
traffic. Tho storm is raging: all over
Central Illinois.
Snowstorm Is Raging in Illinois.
The British fihln Butshlre and the British
ship Gunford, which were <Jriven on the mud
banks of RichartUanB Bay during the hurri
cane on Thursday, arc mill high and dry in
the mud. Both ships are lying In easy posi
tions and with a high tide and the use- of
powerful tuj;s they will undoubtedly be pulled
off without any damage.
The race between the picked ten men of the
training ship Marlon and the picked men of
the German read Herzogln Cccelie resulted in
a victory for the latter. The course was from
Missslon-Ftreet wharf to Ala.meda mole and re
turn. The victors beat »ut by five minutes.
Both crewH rowed in shiD's cutters. '
>
Still on Mud Banks.
Gorman Cadets Win.
Speyer to Perfect Merger of Railways.
BUFFALO. N. Y., March 13.— James
Speyer, senior member of the New York
banking firm of Speyer & Co., who is
visiting here, will soon, In company
with officials of the National Railroad
of Mexico, start for the City of Mex
ico. Speyer, it is said, is srolng to Mex
ico to perfect the merger of the Mex
ican National, Mexican International,
Interoceanic and National Tehuantepec
railways which the New York firm is
financing:. . .
ROGERS. Ark..- March 13.— Fernando
Walters and his three children, Claude,
aged 14; Gertie. 12, and Melvin, 10, were
burned to death to-day in their home,
fourteen miles north of here, near Gar
field. A brother of Mrs. Walters, aged
35 years, wan so seriously burned that
death is hourly expected.
The fire was started by a spark from
an # open tlrpplace. The father, mother
and* four children slept downstairs. Up
stairs were four boys. Walters got
those downstairs oux. in safety and then
rushed back to warn the boys. Un
linoivn to him Gertie followed Walters
upstairs through the smoke and flames
and went to a room where she kept
her dolls. The boys attempted to des
cend the stairs, but the flames drove
ihom bark. Two jumped from the win
dowi ar.d were unhurt. The last thing
they heard was Melvtn. the youngest
boy. bepging his father to jump first.
Just tht-n the roof fell in. killing Wal-
TeiF. Melvin, Claude and Gertie.
The rebel leader Rodriguez escaped.
Many men were killed or wounded on
both sides during the fighting. The city
is quiet
WASHINGTON, March 13.— Admiral
Dewey, who with several members of
the general staff and Assistant Secre
tary Loomis of the State Department
are now at Havana, has telegraphed
the Navy Department the reason why
he failed to call on President Morales
of San Domingo when the party were
in San Domlngan waters several day3
ago. The failure- to visit caused con
siderable surprise at the time.
It appears that there was fighting in
progress in the vicinity on the day the
party was there and for that reason
the admiral did not deem it advisable
to make an official visit. During the
forenoon there were several casualties
in San Domingo City from the fighting
then in progress. This was caused from
shots crossing the river through which
the boats must pass and as more fight
ing was expected during the afternoon
the admiral gave up the projected visit.
The admiral, however, sent his respects
to President Morales by United States
Minister Powell.
SAN DOMINGO, March, 13.— After
severe fighting, which lasted two days,
San Pedro de Macoris has been re
captured by Government forces. Pres
ident Morales returned here last night
from San Pedro, leaving Luis Tejura
to act as Governor of the town.
The whaling schooner Monterey made her
trial trio yesterday under the most auspicious
circumstances. The new marine pas engine,
•which is the larsest ever built on the Pacific
Count, proved a success. It la of 120-horse
power. On the- excursion around the bay yes
terday the v»»Fsel mede an average time of nine
miles an hour. B<-twwn s»tated marks the
covered a mile in six minutes. Captain Foley.
the mancptne owner, expressed himself as
much rleap^i Tilth her i*?riormance. About
lf»O people enjoy«u the hospitality of Captain
Foley.
Captain Jepson reports also that on
March 12, at 6:50 p. m., he spoke the
tug Dauntless with the steamer Grace
Dollar in tow. bound from the Colum
bia River to San Pedro.
Xew Ensrines Work Well.
Captain Jepson of the City of Pu
ebla reports that on March 11, at 4:30
p. m.. he passed the ship W. H. Macy,
under four lower topsails and storm
spanker and all sails blown away. She
had a heavy list to starboard, caused
by shifting of her cargo. The Macy
sailed from Oyster Bay on March 1.
bound for this port, with a cargo of
coal.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's City of Puebla arrived yester
day morning from Sound ports. She
reports having encountered a terrific
southeast gale on March 10 which near
ly threw the steamer on her beam
ends. She was obliged to heave to, and
when the storm abated slightly she put
on steam. Again the seas rolled moun
tains high and washed her decks from
stem to stern. A great wave struck
her and stove in several of her win
dows on the port side. After a tussle
with the elements, she righted herself
and finally reached this port, after the
most tempestuous voyage she has ever
made. Her usual time is fifty hours,
but in this case she was eighty hours.
Full accounts are given of the various
railway enterprises in the different
countries and the concessions in force,
as well as the inducements to capital
in the way of Government guarantees
and subsidies and exemptions of rail
way material from customs and inter
national taxation. Commissioner Pep
per comments on the friendly attitude
towards investments, the growing sta
bility of the Governments and their
ability to carry out the guarantees. A
special chapter is devoted to markets
and trade. . Numerous instances are
given of the ability of the United States
to supply South America and Central
America with steel rails as well as
with rolling stock generally. The re
port praises the adaptability of man
ufacturers in the United States in
meeting the special needs of local con
ditions and recites the marked prefer
ence^shown for locomotives and cars
of American make.
An analysis is made of the unsatis
factory status of United States exports
to South America and the figures are
given for the belief that these can be
materially and permanently increased.
In the rivalry of Great ; Britain and
Germany, the report states Germany
has made headway. Pepper says, how
ever, that there is a. reaction from
German cheap goods and the United
States can compete -with Germany in
supplying the better grade for which
the demand now exists. -t-~.
GOVERNMENTS ARE STABLE.
In describing the prospects of Nica
ragua, Commissioner Pepper calls at
tention to the action of the Govern
ment in reviving former projects for a
railroad to the Atlantic as soon as it
was definitely settled that the canal
was to be built across Panama instead
of through Nicaragua. Engineers are
making the survey for what is known
as the Atlantic route. The Government
is negotiating with New York and
London capitalists for the establish
ment of a national bank. If this is
done railway enterprises will be aided.
Much significance is placed by Com
missioner Pepper, on the payment of
$10,000,000 which Bolivia receives from
Brazil as an indemnity for the Acre
tract and which is to be applied to
railroad construction. The report in
discussing the mineral resources of Bo
livia makes special mention of the fact
that Bolivia Is the only country on the
continent which has tin deposits. -..
In Peru significance Is given to the
railroad movement now in progress and
to the $10,000,000 investment of a United
States syndicate In the copper mines
of Cerro de Dasco and in collateral
railway enterprises. The working of
the bituminous coal deposits is pre
dicted.
The completion of the Guatemala ex
tension of the Central railroad In No
vember, 1903, has left only thirty miles
open from the capital to the northern
border and this section it is believed
will be built within the near future.
Importance is given a contract closed
in January, 1904, for completing the
northern railroad from Guatemala City
to El Rancho. This will insure a
through railroad from the Atlantic to
the Pacific and also will encourage the
building of Panama lines to the border
of Salvador.
CROSS LINES PROPOSED.
In reviewing in detail the republics
visited, Commissioner Pepper discusses
the great progress in Mexico and the
actual railway work that Is stfll going
on. Only 172 miles are lacking to reach
the border of Guatemala. Reference
also is made to the. inter-commerce line
from the Gulf of. Mexico to the Pacific
and it is stated that within two years
two through trunk line systems will
have been completed. President Diaz
is praised for the results which have
been had from his railroad policy.
Regarding the Central American re
publics the Commissioner says that
most of them have now policies for
building lines to bring their Atlantic
and Pacific forces into communica
tion and these as feeders for
the Panama route. He "states that
the demand for supplies which will re
sult from the Panama canal construc
tion will encourage railroad enterprises
throughout Central America and he
suggests the probability of further fa
cilities for meeting the needs of inter
national traffic.
PROGRKSS IX MEXICO.
The report says that the general pro
ject of an intercontinental line, which
ultimattjy will place New York and
Buenos Ayres in communication, is re
ceiving much encouragement. At the
present time about 4800 rJUles are lack
ing, and the estimated cost of construc
tion is placed at $150,000,000. This Is
based on an average of 50 cents gold
as a daily wage for labor, with an effi
ciency of «75 per cent as compared with
similar labor in the United States.
Commissioner Pepper cites specific
causes that have contributed to ad
vance the intercontinental project.
These include the progress at both ends,
as shown in simultaneous action by
Mexico on the north and the Argentine
republic on the south, to extend their
railway lines; the settlement of dis
puted boundaries and other questions
which heretofore have caused the coun
tries to be indifferent to railways
among themselves; the law passed T>y
the Chilean Congress for the tunnel
through the Andes, which will enable
the long-deferred through railway con
nection between Buenos Ayres and Val
paraiso to be made; legislation by sev
eral of the republics with a view of of
fering great inducements for foreign
capital to engage in railway construc
tion, and the definite determination of
the Panama canal question, which is
expected to be beneficial both in .the
stability which will result from th^' in
fluence of the United States on the
isthmus and from the overflow of pri
vate capital Into railway enterprises.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— Charles
M. Pepper, appointed by President
Roosevelt as .commissioner to carry out
the recommendations of the second In
ternational American conference, held
in Mexico two years ago, with regard
to the Pan-American railway, has sub
mitted his report to the State Depart
ment, by which It will be transmitted
to Congress. The second conference
created a permanent commission, with
headquarters at Washington, of which
H. D. Davis is chairman and Andrew
Carnegie is a member. The other mem
bers are the Embassador from Mexico
and the Ministers from Peru and Guat
emala. Commissioner Pepper spent a
year in visiting various countries, and
was aided in his work by the United
States Ministers. His inquiries covered
the general subject of trade opportuni
ties that would result from railroad
building.
PROJECT IS FEASIBLE.
Commissioner Discusses Re
sources of Small Republics
and Praises the Project
Admiral Dewey Tells Why
He Did Not Visit President
When in DominicanWaters
Ship W. II. Macey, Bound
From Oyster Bay to This
Port, Battered by Storms
MUCH INTEREST? SHOWN
Little Girl Is Rescued, but
Rushes Upstairs to Save
Her Dolls and Is Lost
3IAXY JUMP TO SAFETY
COAL SHIP SHIFTS CARGO
CASUALTIES ARE HEAVY
Government Forces in San
Domingo Recapture Town
of San Pedro de Macoris
Charles M. Pepper Presents
Report on Proposed Rail
way for South America
Fire in Arkansas Residence
Results in the Death of
Father and Three Children
Steamship Runs Into Hurri
cane and Port Windows Are
'i Smashed During the Tussle
HOME BURNED;
FOUR PERISH
WAVES SWEEP
PUEBLO'S DECKS
MORALES' MEN
DEFEAT REBELS
PIN-AMERICAN
ROAD FEASIBLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. MARCH 14. 1904. V
10
AJIUSEMZENTS.
¦f^^l fe 9 RABBIT sah francisco-j
Last Seven Nights.
John C. Fisher's npjwr^ Most Magnificent
Stupendous I M P " f AU Musical ,
Presentation. M.11U ccmedy 'Productions.
SILVER
SLIPPER
with SAMUEL COLLINS
The Sensational Champagne Dane*.
Beginning- Next Mopday,
MARY MANNERING
In the New Modern Comedy by Leo Ditrlch-
stein. entitled
.HARRIET'S HONEYMOON...-.
Direct from Its successful run at the Garrlck
Theater, New York.
SEATS BEADY TOTgBBPAY.
BEGINNING MONDAY, MARCH 21,
j-^f I Mary of
rlSKB Magdala
Seat Sale This Morning 9 a.m.
Prices, 50c, 75c, SI, $1.50, $2.
Emmett Gorrigan Company
Prcsentins; "Jockey Jones"; Nichols
.Sisters; Loney Ilaskell; Barrows-
Lancaster Company, in "A Chip of
the Old Block"; Pocttinger's Swed-
ish Ladies* Quintet; Ferjjuson and
Mack; Glllo's Artesto; Lowe-Hughes
Duo, and Orpheum Motion Pictures.
Ttecular Matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c, 25c
and 50c.
CALIFORNIA
fS TO-NIGHT. "^i,
Second and last week of the popular gk
MR. TI I \7 1
DANIEL OULLY I
In his treat success, t£
THE OLD MILL STREAM §
I A Rural Romance of Surpassing Ex- ™
cellence. • §1
¦ Next— BEN HENDRICKS S
A Tn A 7 I T"fc Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR s-ttsa
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT — MATS. SAT. AND STTN.
rirst Representation In San Francisco of
Richard Wagner'i Miracle Play.
...PARSIPAL...I
Produced under the personal direction of
Frederia Belasco.
The music Interpreted by an orchestra of
Twenty.
TTo one will be seated after the trum-
pet's sound in the foyer at 8 p. m.
Special Prices — Eves. 25c to $1. Mats. 25c to 75o
Market street, near Klghth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Greatest of All Irish Dramas,
shamds O'Brien"!
l "THE BOLD BOY OP GLENGALL."
A Magnificent Production with Irish Scenery
and Irish Music!
Jle Specialties by Champion Gaelic Dancers.
ppifpC Evenings 10c to 60c
I IUWL J Matinees -. 10c, 16c, 25o
Next — THE KING OP DETECTIVES
LYRIC HALL.
Box Office, Sherman Clay & Co's.
TALKS ON NEW ZEALAND.
By KATE JASTISCH.
To-Nleht and Friday Afternoon
THE EAST COAST.
Wednesday and Friday Nights
THE WEST COAST. -.'
Seats $1, 75c and 60c. Children BOo.
HAROLD~fiAUER
TO-MORROW NIGHT at 8 15
WEDNESDAY MATINEE at 3:20
Entirely New Programmes.
Prices $1.50, $1 and 75o.
Matinee $1,507 $1 and 50c.
WAGITER IiECTtTBE UECITAI.S.
Courae Tickets at Lyric Hall This Week.
>
liaciogl^^^Raciflg!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB;
Racing Each Week Day, Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at tha track taka
6. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12 12-30
1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. Nosmoklng in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladies and their
escorts.
Returning train* leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and immediately after the laBt race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
¦
Palace D0N ' T fail-to
idldtC , ee the beauti{u j
j COURT Lounging
aflQ room, ths EMPIRE
aUU PALLOR, the
£Z~~~A PALM ROOM, the
yranfl louis xv par.
\ii uim LOR< Jmd the LA _
H^i/xi/, DIES' WRITING
notels roqm.
af^ fi B E\ 1 tf^ Ammunition. Hunting and
l S li»*IV Sporting Goods. Largest
Hal 1 B«S f:tock - Lowest f rices. Send
¦ lllIlBl tor catalogue.
U W B 1 5^ EHREVE & BARBER CO..
739 Market «t. and 621
. . Kearny st. ¦
WEEKLY C£LL t $ 1.00 PER TEAK.
MTION SALES
The Greatest Sale ot the Season
AUCTION SALE OF
50 Head PERCHER08 HORSES
These horses were carefully selected by on«
of the ereatest breeders of Norman-Percheron
horses in California (William Brockman. Su-
sanville. Lassen County) and consist ot pur»»
bred mares and geldings, weighing from 13ix>
to leoo.
At same time will be sold one great trotter
and one beautiful carriaee horse-
This la the grandest lot of all-purpo»
horses ever broucht to San Francisco.
All are nicely halter broka and a great many
of them broke to harness. They are all fat
and ready to go right to work. A careful in-
spection of this lot Is earnestly requested. To
be noli) on
MONDAY EVENINC March 21, 1904,
At 7:43 o'clock, at
SALKSTARD. 1732 Market at., cor. Vaa
Ness ave. •
Write for catalogues.
Horses. at yard March 17.
FRHT> H. CHASE A CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALE.
£a £» .&»
MONDAY MARCH 14.
At 11 o'clock, at
615 ELLIS STREET,
Of HORSES. BUGGIES. "WAGOKS, HAR-
NESS. ETC.
Phone East 743.
8. W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
£a» £*> -^
AUCTION SALE
AT ARCADE HORSB itAJUCETT.
327 SIXTH ST.,
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 18. nt 11 A. 2*..
X will sell tho rolltnjt atock of wood, coal aaij
feed store, consisting of 10 good horses, one 3-
ton waxon. 2 small wacocs, harness, etc.
Also 20 head of all purpose horaes.
JOHN J. LOYLE. Auctioneer.
jr\ Don't forget our regular weekly auction
>-** ealaa of HORSES. WAGOX8. SUR-
RIE8. BUGGIES CARTS and all kinds ot
single and double harness, every TUESDAY.
11 a. m.. at 1140 Folsora at.
WM. CLOCOH. Auctioneer.
•ratt.wAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA |
LIMITED TO CHICACO B
LEAVES DAiLY |
at 9:30 a. m., throog-h ta 3 days, if
¦with diner and an traovinri. It
Other Santa 7e Trains:
n 1 ™ S^l for Stockton. Frasno. Bakersfield
8 !00 dI mj Merced. Hanford and Vtsalia.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kar.saa City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. F. Also 1112 Broad.
way, Oakland, Cal. 97 South First St.,
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANu NORTH PACIFiJ
EAIXWAY COaXFABT.
Tliraron Ferry. Foot or SXarket Street.
SJ1.2T FXAITCXSCO TO BAS HAJPAEIi.
WEEK DAYS — 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 13:35
3:30, 8:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra tri»
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
3:30, 5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m. f.
SAJT XAFAEX. TO SAS FXASTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — «:05. 7:33. 7:30. 8:20. U:l»
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40. 3:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 8:35 p m.
SUNDAYS— S :0O, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.: 1:40.
3:40. 4:63. 8:06. 6:25 p. in.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27, 1803. [San Francisco.
Week] Sun- I D-stina- J~Sun- I Week"
Day. I daya. | tlon. | daya. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a »TlO~a S:40a
9:30 a Ignacio 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 n
5:10 p| 5:00p 7:35 p[
7:20 * „ M 9:10 a S:40a
8 :00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:3Oa Petaluma «;0ft p 6:20 o
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:03 p
0:00 p| Santa Roaa.
7:30 * p «a •» , ~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
3.-80P liSp 7:S5P 6:2 ° g
Wlndsorj ~~
7:S0a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40 a 10-20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30p Geyservllle. 7:S5 p «-20t»
Cloverdale.
7:30a 8:00a Hopland 10-40 a 1O-*»O a.
3:30 p 3:30 p and UlUah. 7:35 p «J20p
7:3Oa|8:0Oa| WUUta. 17:S5p|8:2Qp
7 :30 al 8 :00 al 110:40 a'1020 a
3:30p[3:30p[ CuernevUl*. |7:33pJ6i20»
.isasisa oars*,, itisasiigg
STAGES connect at Green Urae for Saa
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulchur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey.
aervllla for Skawts SDrtngs; at Cloverdal* for
the G-ysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood- •?
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Kelseyvtlle. Carlsbad Sprlnga. Soda Ba> LaK
port and Bartlett Springs; at tTtlah for Vlchv
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Spring. Upper Lak? Ir^ra^
i Potter Valley. John Day's. IUversid«(, Uerlv'*'
Bucknells, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle rwi
( Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comr-tche Cun-n
; Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort*Brai!r
Westport, ITsal: at WUUta for Fort Bn«
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo liyTon
ville. C^ummlngs. Bell'a Springs. Harris. Ot-
sen's. Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Bunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-tri» tickets to all oointa
beyond San Rafael at half rates P°mt«
biTldta? ° tflCe ** M>rket " tre * t « Ctawicl.
¦•——- TOSANRAFAEU
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric
Depart from Saa Francisco Daily ?-ut> s-im
0:0O. lO:0O, ll:0O a. m.. 12:2»>. lus. 3:15. 4 : VXl
5:15. 8:15. 7:00. 8:43. 1O:2O. 11:45 p. m
FROM SAN KAFAEL TO 8AM FRAN*CISCO
—Daily. 5:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. H -i» a
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:33. 3:45, 4:45. 5:45. d 45
8:45, 10:20 ». m. *
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAV
CISCO— Dally. 5:45. «:55. 7:32. 855 ft-si
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:13. 4:05. 5:05 6 : 03
7:05. 9:00. 10:.T3 p. m. * Oa5>
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday exceoted-—
Tomales and way stations. r 1
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and wiv
sUtlons. a *
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyea and
way Btatlona. - . * * ilu
TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market at
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
IYIt. Tamalpais Railway
Law TU Stasaiiia fan Krrivi *
i g*»yra°c*»co Tui,t*ul*± SanFrandao.
Week Snn- Pm ~San- Weef
SM
•a5,io:oo A »;*5'I:So:
nOTf » «ffi MAaxarr ar,(Nortl» Shore RiJroXir
, Smas } aad S*n*t.rro Fxut, Foot Miikac 3t
AMUSEMENTS. _ v ';j£
Tivqura
--> —^-LAST VTEHK OF—
THE
Gypsy Baron
Etrauss' Romanic Opera In Three Acts.
FIRST APPEARANCE VH ENGLISH OF
SZG. D0MEN1C0 RUSSO
The Favortte Tenor.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
NEXT WEES 1
Mr. Pickwick
Usual Popular Prices 25c, 50c and 75o
Box Seats $1.00
If ~T Only
You I Knew
What a (Treat musical comedy
The Rounders |
Is declared to be by Press and Pub'.lo
You Certainly Would Not Miss It.
FUNNY— BEAUTIFUL— GREAT
And an "All-Star" Cast.
RESERVED SEATS— Nlgrhta, 25o. BOo and T80
Saturday and Sunday Matinses, 25o and BOo.
Children at Matinees, 10c and 35o.
High-Glass Specialties ]
Every Aftornopn and Eveniaar In tha
Heated Theater.
ENJOY YOURSELF IN CABARET DB LA
MORT.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZEt
Take a Trip DOWN THE FLUME.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c; Children. 5c.
When Phoning ,A«k for "The Chutea.**
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
I f sunsit I^1 Trains learv and mt* ]
I M beocN & SHAsrA] <b I
I . \ „ T " / • I dtto *° arrlT * ¦•
\^*\^^^/(^y SAN FRANCISCO.
\^ f* \ G y (Main Line, Ferry DepoV
*^ Foot of Market Street. 1
luti — Fhom Fibicaet 1". 1904. — imiti
"~ 7 00*. VacaTllle. 'Winter*. Komsey 7.50*
7410a Benlcla, Salsun, Elmlra and Sacrt-
menio 7.20r
' 7-30* Vallejo. Kupa, CalMoza. Santa
Koia, Martinez, San Ramon..... 8- 20'
7-30* Klles. LIvermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockton 7.20p
8 OCa Shaata Express — (Via Darts),
wnuams (for Bartlett Springs),
T71110WB. tFrnto. Ked Bluff.
Portland, Tacoma, Seattle 750f
8-00 a Saris. Woodland, Knlgbts Landing,
Marysvllle, Orovllle 7.50r
I-30a Fort Costa, M&rtlnez, Antioch,
Byron, Tracy, Stockton. New-
man. Loa Banoa. ilendota, ,
?nnona, Hanford, Ylialla,
Forterrtlle 4.20?
8.80*. Port Costa, Martinez, Tracy, Lath-
rop, Modesto, Merced. Fresno,
< Ooshen Junction, Hanford,
Vlsalla. Bakersfield 4.5Q>
••SOa Klles, San Jose, Llrermore. Stock-
ton, (fMllton). lone, Sacramento,
PlaeerTllle, MarysTllle. Chlco,
Ked Bluff 4-20r
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestown. 89-
sora, Tuolumne and Angela 4.20r
2 8.00a AtlantlcExpress— Ogden and East. 11.20a
8.30a Richmond, Msrtlnci and Way
SUtlons 6 50r
10 00a The Overland Limited — Oeden.
Denver, Omaha, Chlcafo 8 20?
1000a Vallejo_ 12.20*
10.00a Los Angeles Passeatrer — Port
Costa, Martinez, Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion, Hanford, Lemoore, VlialSa,
* Bakertfleld. Los Angeles 7-20>
12.00m Hayward. Kiles and Way Stations. 3.20P
tLOOr Sacramento Rlrer Steamers tii.QQr
330r Benlcla, Winters. 6acramento.
Woodland. Knlghta Landlngr,
MarysTllle, Ororllle and way
sUtfona 10.50k
S-30p Hayward, Nlles and Way Staltona.. 7.60r
5.30P Port Costa, Martinez. ByYon.
Tracy, Lathrop, Modesto,
Merced, Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costs 12-20r
5.30p Martinez. Tracy, Stockton, Lodt... 1020a
4 00p Martlnez.San Ramon, ValleJo,Napa,
CalUtot;a, Santa Rosa. 920a
4 00p Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20P
4.30r Hayward. KUea. IrTlngton. San I t8.60A
Jose. LlTermore | Jl 1.50a
BOOr The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos, Mendota, Fresno. Tulara,
Bakers n eld. Lot Angeles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper,
, Oakland to Lot Angeles, for Chi-
cago, Tla C. P.. I. & P ¦ BOa
6.00p Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton....... 12-207
t530r Hayward. Nlles and San Joto ..... 7.20a
E 00f Hay ward. Nlles and Sao Jose 950*
6. 00p Eastern Express— Of V"- Denrer,
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago ana
F.tbt. Port Costa, Benlcla, Sol-
tun, Elrnlra, Darls, Sacramento*
Eocklin, Auburn, Colfax,
Truckee, Boca, Reno, Wads*
worth, Wlnnemacca S-2B?
6. 00p Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I - ...
7.00p Vallejo, Bunday only f '•»«»
7 -00p Klchmond. Baa Pablo, Port Costa,
Martlnes and Way Stations 11.28a
¦ ¦OBr Oregon A California Express — Sac-
ramento, MarysTllle, Redding,
Portland, Puget Sound and But. 8.58a
8.10r Hayward, Nllet and San Jose (Sun-
day only) 11.68a
COAST LINE (Narrow Uange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•-16a Newark, CeaterTllle. Ban Joaa,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Station*..... 8-55»
tZ.16r Newark. Canterrllle, Saa Joss,
Hew Almadeo.Lot Oatot,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way SUtloui tiO.SS*. i
4.1B» Newark. San Joie,Loi0ato» and I tS.SBA
way stations J 110 65 a
•9-38p Hunters Train. Saturday only, Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Retnrn*
log from Los Gatos Sunday only. 17 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN Fit AN CISCO. Foot of Market 8L <811pJ>
-17:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 6.15 TM.
rrom OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway -t«:00 ta:OI
t8:08 10:00a.m. 12.00 200 4-00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad «a«g«).
J3f~ (Third and Townsend Streets.)
8.10a Ban Jose and Way SUtlons 6-30p
7.00a San Jose and Way Stations 6.38r
|.00a New Almaden (Toes., Fr!d., only). 4AQt
8 00a The Coaster— Stops only San Jo»e,
Ollroy (connection for Hollis-
ter), Pajaro, CattroTllla (coa.
section to and from Monterey
aad Pacific OroTe), Salinas, Saa
Ardo, Paso Bobles. Santa Mar-
garita, San Luis Oblspo, principal
stations thence Burf (counectloa
for Lompoc). principal statloas
thence Santa Barbara.San Buena-
Tentura, Sangus. Lot Angeles... 10-48*
B.OOa fan Jote, Tres Plnoa, Capitol a,
8antaCruz,Pac!flcGroTe.Sallnaa
San Lnlt Obltpo and Principal
Way SUtlons 4.10p
ICSDa flan Jose and Way Stations. 1.20?
1130a Santa Clara, Sen Jose. Lot Gatos
aad Way Stations 7.3Q.P
1-30F San Jose and Way Stations 838a
S.OOr Del Monte Express — Santa Clara,
• • Ean Joae, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific GroTe (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crnz, Boulder
, Creek and Narrow GaugePotntt)
at Gllroy for Hollister. Tres
Plnoa. at CattroTtlle for Salinas. 12.1 5p
8-SCr Tres Plnos Way Pas«eneer 1045 a
430p San Jose and Way Stations ta.OCU
t&OOP 8an Jose, (vU Santa Clara) Let
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) tfl.OOA
l6-30r EanJoteandPrlnclpalWayStatlont 59 40*
6.£i0p Bnniet Limited.— Ked wood. San
Jo»e, G llroy , Sa'.ina \ Paso Uoblet,
San Lnit Ublipo, Santa Barbara, t ".',,
Loa Angelet. Demlnx. Kl Pano,
Kew Orleans. New Tork. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cruz
and at Castro-rllia for Paclflo
1 GroTe and Way Stations........ 7.10a
tS -18p EanMateo.Beresford.BelmoncSaa
Carlos, Redwood, - Fair Oakt,
MenloPark. Palo Alto 18-48*
8 30> San Jote and Way Stations. M 6 38a
8.00p Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
1 11.30r Soath San Francisco, MQlbrae. Bar-
llagaiae, San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaka,
Memo Park, and I'alo Alto 945»
•IIJOp Mayneld^ Mounttln View. Sunny-
Yale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Joae t3.4S>.
A (or Morning. pfor Afternooa,
tlvadayexcepted. t Sunday onl?
« Satarday only. ¦ ¦ I
_fj Btops at all stations oa Stmday.
t3T Only trains stopping at Valencia Su soatu>o»«4
«r«s:iOA.M^7^»A.^,U:»Aji( : .8;3(ljrjfc,l:a)rji.a«(*
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Page Nine.
Lenshts father of John A., Charles T. and
Frar.k J. Lenahan aJid Mrs. Daniel J. Shay,
will he *un^ at St. Ignatius Church on
\V>dm*<lay mornir.jr at t< o'clock. Friends
end acquaintances ere respectfully lnvlt»d
t.« attend.
LEONARD— In this city, March 13. 1P01.
Thomas, beloved father cf .Tanies and John
l^eonard and the late Mrs. Horders, a native
of Ireland, aped Cu year*.
L/iL'GHNANE— In this city. M»rch 12. 1904,
j E n(!, beloved father of Joseph, Harry and
Helen Loughnane, a native of County Tip-
2*raiy. Ir«-lanJ. aged 72 years.
E7 Frier. cis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to nttt-nd the funeral to-day
'Mondavi, at S:30 o'clock, from his late
rffidencr. 91'tt Oak etreft. thence to Pacred
H^art Church, wlipre a solemn requiem mass
will be c^lebratfd for the repose of his
s-oul. roir.tnencins: at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. 4
METERS— In this city, Marrh 33, 1904. Sam-
u*I. rie-srly b> loved husband of Pauline
Meyers, a native of England, aged 80 years
'A month* ?nd 17 <3ays.
MICHELBACH — In this city. March 13. 1IXM.
<Tj«!~1«"f K.. dearly beloved husband of Mary
Mirhelbach. and brother of Mr*. Oeoruc A.
Schultz Mrs. Jamee H. A%'ood and Delia and
M illiain Miehelbach. a native of The Uallef,
Or*.. Hired 35 yearfi 3 months and 3 days.
CTIntermer.t at The Dalles, Ore. Re-
mains can be viewed at the parlors of H.
F. fuYir & Co., U37 Mission street, between
Prvmh and Eighth, -until 4:30 o'clock
to-dey.
O HARA— In this city. March 13. 1SK4. Frank
o'Hats. beloved husband of the late Mary
? »'l!ara. ani deariy beloved father of Sadie,
John and Hugh O'Hara. Mrs. L. Bollanger,
Mrs. R. Martin. Mrs. J. Cole and Mrs. J.
Ugi-tvp. a native of Ireland.
{CTR^mains at th* parlors of the United
I'ndcrtakere. SC6 Mission street, between
Fourth and Fifth.
O'HARA— In this city, March 13. 19M. Fran-
cis J. O'Hara, a native of Ireland, aged 77
year*.
OLfiSON— In thin city, March 13. 1004.
Frithiof L. H. Olsron. dearly beloved non of'
Ludwijt and Keretin Olsnon. and brother of
P'.prid and Ingeborp Olsson. a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 y<*are and 24 days.
P0LROI.A, — In the City and County Hospital,
March 13, 1»^4. Louis Poiroll, a native of
Russia, agr-d 25 yrars.
RAILTOX— In thif city. March 13. 180», Helen
tlutton aiuirlt^ad, beloved wife of H. E. A.
Railton. a native of Brantford. Ontario.
4 Vlc-tori* . B. C, Toronto and Seattle papers
rl^ase copy.)
CTFrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
Tuesday. March 15. at 1 o'clock, at 1133
Dolores street. Interment private.
RYAN— In this city, March 11, 1904, Thomas
E., deariy beloved hueband of Mary C. Ryan,
and father of Margery, Edith, Cecily.
Thorrajs E. Jr. and Frances Ryan, and
hrother of John and Hannah Ryan, and eon
of tl>e lute Edward a.nd Margaret Ryan, a
native of San Francisco, aged 41 years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
March 14, at 9 o'clock, from, his late resi-
denc*. 409 Ashbury street, thence to St.
Apnes' Church, ti-htre a requiem high mass
»-tl! be celebrated for the repoee of his soul.
<-omm«ic!ng at 0:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
'rotn Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
THE snembers of San Francisco Council No. 7,
T. M. I., are hereby notified to attend the
•uneral cf our deceased brother, Thomas E.
Ryan, from his late residence. 403 Ashbury
nreet. Monday, at 9 o'clock.. By order cf
M. T. REILLY. Pres.
G. M. KELLY. Sec.
RYAN— An anniver-eary requiem man -will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of An-
r^la C Ryan, wife of Daniel A. Ryan, on
Tuesday, March 15, 1904. at 9 o'clock, at
Hcly Cross Church, E4dy and Devicadero
streets.
eTKVEN'SON'— In this city. Marrh 13. 1304.
John J.. flelove4 husband of Rebina BteA--
*-nFon. and father of Edith. James. Albert
• n<1 TTdwin Stevenson, a native of Scotland,
sifd $2 rears.Well-Known Frenchman Dies.
PARIS. March 13. — Joseph Ludevic
Trarieux. who at one time was Min
ister of Justice, Is dead, aged 64 years.
SOLDIER BALL TOSSERS
OUTPLAY JESSE MOORES
After IVine Fast Innings the Presidio
Men Defeat Opponents by a
Close Score.
The Presidio baseball nine' defeated
the Jesse Moores at the Presidio ath
letic --ounds yesterday afternoon by
the score of six to three, after an ex
citing nine innings. From the early
part of the game the soldiers were in
the lead, though the score was al
ways close. At the end of the'fourth
it was 2-1 and at the end of the sixth
4-3. In the seventh Forsythe, pitcher
for the soldiers, placed the ball between
tho center and the. right fielders, bring
ing two men in and being put out
himself on third. Umpire Monahan
stopped some unpleasantness between
Joe -Wagner and. First Baseman
Mu*r>hy which threatened to disturb
the" peace. The lineup: .
l'residlo. Positions. Jessie Moores.
DouKlas * ... Second haEC... Smith
Cameron.' .'. ... .Center neld M l ?; nc ? r
Janelng Shortstop .McCarty
Forsythe ritcfier • • • e # t ;±?«
Conrad . . . . Catcher ,• • f"^," 9
Hallahan. Fir*t base Murphy
Oannon Third bace fctruh
Lamb I>.-f t fl>M Muller
Oswald U ight Held Miller
C > I Delicacy. ?»_
g jSl >i otia ?§,
CONTESTANTS _ 2. Q2 CS< •» En
I i I-" I £ : $
• .'• : ' * "• •
(* G Youne...... 83,84. &';90.&j86.K 88.8 85.1
Charles Huyck S3;fe7.5«!iH>.4|7tf.S S3.1 ....
F. M. Halsht j.. .78 |8(S.S,b<) 83.4 ....
Kd Bretctt ' Mi 87 |{«.Sj7r».10 84.9 ....
II. <\ Go'.cher TOJS3.4 92.4|7O 81.2
F. H. ilecd 187 »L'.4'85.10;80.1
(i. W. Lane | Sfs.S;S4.2 |S0.5
J. n. Kennlir *7|»2 8>.Si»2.C 86.1 05.5
C It Kennlff 80 92 U2.4jS5.10 89.1 97.H
Dr. W. E. Brooks. ... JS3.4 83.8 S2.8 83.1 63.8
H. B Bperry «4|>2.8i7«rl 75.10 77.7 ....
T. \V. Brotherton.. 101187 |91 SO 85.1
Achllle Itoos 6«;67 |O«.4;7O.1O 68.7
J. O. Harron '62 170.8 01.8 i«>.2
K. 5perry «6;78.4!S3 105 |74
1. 11. Foulka ! MOiSS 194 [80 87 ....
7. Kierulft SliKl I80.8I80 83.4 73.3
V. D. Mansfield I90.4J03.8175 84. 4 J97.3
S RE-ENTRY.
T. KhrulfT 84 S9.8J81 82.6 (81.9 |G8..T
C. R. K^nnlff 198.2
T. \\\ Hrotherton ¦ | |98.6
- SATURDAY'S CONTESTS.
C. O. \oumb j 00:»2.Sj»:j J»O.10!31.11J94.0
J. U. K*nniff lir..:i:{.s.!H 00 90.11 'J7.a
T. W. Brotherton. llQ;S8.4|92.4i»t!.8 94.8
C n. Kenniff..' Oo'92.4 85 89.2 32.1 08.8
O. C Kflwards..,. lnsiSS 85 J91 S8.4 05.2
T. C Kif-ru!fT S5 94 S3.8i79 81.5 72.6
Or. W. Ji. Brook*. IMJln? JK> J92.G 91.3
V.'«lt, m an jrt<J.SihO.t< 56.4 69.8
H. C. K-well 183 03.8 65 75 80
2?°^? £?ne (....35 \Sd.3 »1. 10....
rw £' * an «fle'd-- l -.. 91 ni.fiOa- 93.4 91.1
L>T. F. J. Lane [ S0;S7.8ifi3.8|75 79.4
«E-KNTRY.
\v iV w nxh " rt<)n -|---|S9-4j91.Ri92.6 92.1 ....
la-R^inn;^;;!;;;^; 8 ! 92 ; 8 ) 00 : 1^; 9 .^-
MODFL YACHTS TAKE PART
IX SPECIAL TRIAL RArrs
Are Hrinz Keyed I"p on Snrecfris
I.ak<* in Anticipation of Xext
Sunday's Competition.
Some pood trial races were held h/
the model yacht owners yesterday 04
Bpreckel* Lake in Golden Gate Park.
L. S. Adams' Santee carried off the
honors, beins closely pressed bv r- om .
modore Genung's Witch. The" Same*
v.as fast and clearly outsailed the other
n i O G C 1 S.
Several new boats were out and mad"
. pood Impression. 1L Phorsen's now
'loop Roma, measuring sixty-nine
efaei over all. was tried out and
¦.ii.'-ved lots of speed. Forest and Car
•ei-s new j=ixty-inch scow sloop made
.'.'¦r initial appearance, but her time wa«
i.ot as good as was expected on account
Mf hr-r rig being too small.
The Comedo, a new sloop, owned by
C J. McCleary. is built on differe-u
Ones from any other boat In the club
but proved equally as fast as th«
others.
Several of the yachts that made good
records last year were out with new
rirging. The Witch and Zampa car
nr-6 larce lej? of mutton Fails with no
pnff. The new style of riggrinp proved
satisfactory.
The Dixie, owned by Baldwin, sprung
a l<*ak early in the afternoon and was
forood to rotira.
The opening day of the racing season
!c set for r.rxt Rundny, when all t~e
rr.cdrls win be o n nan«i to compete for
An unusual number of members of
the~^an Francisco Flycasting Club
were present yesterday at Stow Lake,
Golden Gate Park, to take part in the
regular contests. Weather conditions
were not favorable for long-distance
work. T. W. Brotherton being the only
caster to reach 101 feet. The detailed
scores follow:
Xo Hish Scores Are Made in Dis
tance Event, Owing, to Unfavor
able Conditions.
MANY I-T.YCASTEKS COMPETE
IX STOW LAKE CONTESTS
George Janes and Stewart Gayness,
both of San Frajricisco, met in the finals
of the consolation singles. Janes won
easily, the score being 6-3, 6-1.
Second round — Murdock brothers beat Oor
rlll and Heath. 0-2. O-4; Dunlap and Poley
bent Sherrard and Medcroft. fl-4, 6-3.
Semi-finals — JlacGavin and Variel beat
Dunlap and Foley. 8-0, 7-3; Murdock brothers
btat PDcncer and Turner, 6-4, 0-3.
Contrary to expectations, George
Baker of the Golden Gate Tennis Club
won the singles championship. His
defeat of Percy Murdock, the Ala
meda crack, in the finals was a sur
prise. Baker was hardly considered
in Murdock's class, but in a long, flve
set mutch wore out the expert from
Alameda.
Baker's victory is due entirely to
his superior steadiness. Murdork
played brilliant tennis at times but
was not at all steady.- The score was
4-6, 6-2, 2-G, 6-1, 6-2.
In doubles Drummond MacGavin and
Robert Variel reached the. finals by
beating Clarence Griffin and Charles
Dunlap. Dunlap and Griffin made a
good showing and although they lost
In straight sets both were close. The
score was 8-6. 7-5. The Murdock
brothers won the other place in the
finals. The results:
Flrbt rourd— Murdock brothers beat J. A.
Code and A. Brabant, G-3. 2-6, C-2: Dunlap
and Foley beat McDufrie and Church, 7-5. (l-'i.
The Alameda County championship
tennis tournaments were almost fin
ished yesterday on the East Oakland
courts. The singles and consolation
singles "were finished and only two
teams are left in the doubles.
Wins the Singles Match in the Aln
meda County Championship by
Ills Steadiness.
GEORGE BAKER DEFEATS
MURDOOIv AT TENNIS PLAY
For the sake of their peace of mind
sportsmen who expect to wager a lit
tle money on the forthcoming meeting
of Young Corbett and Jimmy Britt
should shun the training quarters of
the man against whose chances th- y
expect to bet. After seeing one man
go through his training work the spec
tator fails to see how he can lose — until
he watches the other man. The crowd
which packed the big" gymnasium at.
Croll's yesterday came away with th'3
idea that Britt could not lose. Britt
helped this feeling along by saying
that Corbett will never hit him wiih
one 'of his swings. He went further
and said Jeffries could not do some of
the damage to him which Corbett's
friends claim the Denver man will da.
Britt looked big and strong yester
day and seemed t<> enjoy his work.
He went foar rounds with Frank
Rafael, which came near being genuine
fighting. He is taking no chances with
his hands, wearing a bandage on hi*
right and a thin glove on his left In
addition to the bic boxing gloves.
He showed great quickness in landing
a straight left followed by a right hook.
His friends claim the oldtime strength
Is in the right hand and that he will
do great execution with It.
Britt says that for the first time In
his career he is fighting a man at
smaller stature thrn himself. SeiKer.
Fitzgerald, Erne and the others were
tall lightweights and men of bulk. Thi?
he considers a big factor in his favor.
Corbett went on the road yesterday
and afterward went in the ocean. H*
then posed for some time before a
rroving picture machine, doing a vari
ety of training work.
Steamship line to Be Discontinued
BOSTON. March 13.— Announcement
was made to-day of the discontinuance
of the Puritan line of steamships ply
ing between Boston and Antwerp. Tha
business between Antwerp and this
port will be continued by other steam
ers and those that have heretofore been
on the route. ¦
"From all accounts of the Brltt-Fitz
gerald fight Fitzgerald kept Britt un
der full head of steam for the entire
twenty rounds, although handicapped
by a dislocated thumb. I have seen
Fitzgerald and Corbett mix it in earn
est while in training, and I have seen
Young Corbett show marked supremacy
over the Brooklyn boy In everything
but gameness. He could, in my opinion,
easily give Fitzgerald a quietus, in
twenty rounds."
"While I believe Jimmy Britt is going
to make Young Corbett step some be
fore the verdict is rendered," said
Johnny Corbett to-night. "I look to see
the Denverite win before the twentieth
round is reached. I base my judgment
of Corbett's ability to defeat Britt .on
Britt's past performances, which in my
opinion have been meritorious but not
brilliant. Britt demonstrated in hia
fights with Erne, O'Keefe. Fitzgerald
and Canole that he is aggressive, game
and clever— a goog ring general, who
knows when to punch, where to punch
and how to punch, but lacks a decisive
blow. No boxer, no matter how skillful.
can hope to defeat Young Corbett when
the distance Is twenty rounds unless he
carries a punch that will stay the
champion's rushes.
DENVER, March 13.— In his coming
battle with Young Corbett. Jimmy
Britt has but little chance of winning,
according to Johnny Corbett, who
brought out the champion and was at
his back up to the moment he knocked
out McGovern and brought the title to
Denver.
Former Mannser of the Denver Man
Thinks Britt Larks a Punch.
PICKS CORBETT TO WIN.
SEASON OPENS
AT THE TRAPS
Unioii Gun Club Members Do
Fine Shooting at Theiu
Grounds Near Ingleside
The Independents beat the Pick
wicks six goals to one in the match for
the championship of the Association
Football League, played yesterday on
the field at Idora Park, Oakland. The
Thistles defeated the Albion Rovers
four goals to one on the same ground
in the semi-final round for the Cali
fornia Association Football Union cup.
The ball was kicked off at 1:30 p. m.
in the game between the Independent
and the Pickwick teams, the Referee
being Norman Logan and the linesmen
Shand and Christie. In the first few
minutes' of play the Pickwicks rushed
the ball down the field and Cowan put
it between the posts. Before the end
of the first period T. Fay made a goal
for the Independents, equalizing the
score.
In the second period, after the change
of ends, the Independents had much
the best of the game, keeping the ball
almost constantly in the enemy's terri
tory and scoring five; goals. The Pick
wicks did not score at all in this period,
and the match ended six goals to one
in favor of the visitors from San Fran
cisco.
. For the winners, the Fay brothers
rendered conspicuous service. The In
dependents lacked their field captain
and Center Halfback Mechels, whose
knee was hurt in last Sunday's game.
In the second half a penalty kick was
awarded to the Pickwicks; Murdock
made an excellent straight shot, but
Forbes punched the ball upward so
that It passed over the crossbar and no
score resulted. The losers* team In
cluded several new men who were ex
pected to prove a surprise to the Inde
pendents. The winners surprised the
losers in team work. The teams lined
up as follows:
Independents. Positions. Pickwicks.
Forbes Goalkeeper Tozer
Lynch Leftback Murdock
Armstrong Rlchthark Tttoinas
McGran Left halfback Mlddleton
Welsh Center halfback Watson
Duncanson Right halfback Warren
Owens Outside left Plrie
E. Fay Inside left Lamb
P. Fay Center forward Cowan
T. Fay Inside right Peterson
Russell Outside right Robertson
At 3 p. m. the Thistles came out for
the cup tie, being followed almost Im
mediately by the Albion Rovers. Henry
Roberts was the referee, with J. D.
Robertson and A. TV. Wilding as lines
men. The play was keen from the start,
the Hovers hustling the champions con
siderably. T. Dlsher secured the first
goal for the. ThisMes, who soon after
ward added a second. Early In the
first period R. Disher wrenched his
knee and, though he stayed in the
game, was not able to render any ser
vice to his team, which was really one
man short in its forward line. The
Thistles playing well together, scored
a third goal from a corner kick. Then
the referee awarded a penalty kick to
the Rovers, which Tweedie cleverly
converted into a goal. Before the call
of time the Thistles scored a fourth
goal, and the game ended four to one in
their favor.
A large number of spectators
watched the match with the greatest
interest. The teams lined up in the fol
lowing positions:
Thistles. ¦ Positions. Albion Rovers.
Lowe Goalkeeper .McPherson
Tierrey Left back John
Forrest RlRht back Glllchrist
Taylor Left halfback Bayne
Duncan...'. Center halfback. .Matthleson
McGregor Right halfback Jones
R. Dlsher Outside left Churchill
T. , Dlsher Inside left Taylor
T. S. Lyden Center forward Tweedie
J. Smith Inside right Duquesne
A. Dlsher Outside right Bradley
Although the conditions were not the
best' for rifle shooting at Shell Mound
Park yesterday many of the marks
men who competed succeeded in mak
ing high scores. Frank E. Mason of
the Golden Gate Club led all his class
mates with the fine score of 23q rings
in his ten-shot string, being an average
of 23H rings out of a possible 25. He
also made 1117 rings in the fifty-shot
match.
August Pape succeeded in capturing
the gold medal of the San- Francisco
Schuetzen Verein. This trophy was of
fered for the marksman making the
highest score in two years. Although
Pape won the medal the second month
he competed for It by a score of 448
rings, he succeeded in making three
other high scores— 449, 452 and 451—
being the highest four scores in the
company for. two years.
Otto Bremer was high man in the
Germania- Club with 225 rings. J. Gut
tenberg of the Shell Mound Club, al
though a new member, carried off first
honors at the bulfseye target with 18
points. At the practice shooting of the
University Cadets, J. A. Burgess made
the fine score of 49 points out of a pos
sible 50, besting all his comrades by a
good margin. The day's scores:
Golden Gata Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
competition — Pistol — Bronze medal — Charles
Becker 61. SO; silver medal— F. V. Kington
S4; r*-entry match — Smith Carr 88, 01. J. R.
Trego S7, Charles Becker 86, 81, 81, 89. Wll
!iam Proll 86. W. F. Blasse 84, H. P. Nelson
S3, 81, 81, 77, 76, Max Kolander 80, 79, 77, '.6,
H. G. Gruce 70. Revolver — Re-entry match —
W. P. Blasse 90, 85, 80, F. V. Klngton 79.
Military revolver— William Proll 91. 8!», 89,
88, 90, Charles Becker 80. Rifle— Re-entry
match— H. Huber 226: M. F. BJasse 223, 21s,
210, 216, 215: W. F. Blasse 218. 201: Max Ko
lander 215. 210, 208, 2C8, SOS, 2O«: F. H. Bre
mer 212; F. K. Mason 2;«. 221, 221, 221, 219:
Al. Gehret 227. 219. 218, 214, 213. Bronze
medals— E. Englander 206, 177, Its, 107; A. M.
Poulsen 166, 109. 120; W. Greaves 138. Silver
medals— A. M. Poulsen 157. 129. Gold medals
— O. A. Bremer 220; A. Gehret 219; William
Ehrenpfort 177, 1C9, lt!0. Fifty-shot match —
F. E. Mason 1117. A. Gehret 1001, Max Ko
lander 1019. E. N. Moore 041.
• San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, monthly
medal shoot — Champion highest scores-August
Pape, 431 rings; champion class and second
clara, not fllled; first ela*s— Captain Henry
Stflllng, 405; third class — Henry Barnholdt
403; fourth class— E. DoelJ 367; best first shot
—William Garms 23: best last shot— F. P.
Schuster 24.
Germania Pchuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot' — Flret champion class — Otto "Bremer 223;
second champion class — \V. F. Btasse 219; first
claws — Henry Stelllne 211: second class — Max
Kolander 108: third class — H*nry Meyer l»0;
best first shot — A. Gehret 23; best last shot-
Fred Brandt 24.
Norddtutscher Shooting Club, monthly
bullseye shoot — Otto Lemcke 271 points. F. P.
Schuster :iO5, A. 1Ve«tfall 3<JS. J. Gefkln 451.
George H. Bahrs 403. F. C. Ru»t 024. David
Salfleld »S0, Herman Huber 1172, Captain John
Thode 1200. H. Mur.sUr 13ItO.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot —
Captain H. Schllchtmann 43. . J. Donovan 2S,
Serjeant C. Iverson 44, P. Schohay 40, J. Kel
lenberger 30, K. Wlchrowskl SB, J. Behlmer
45. H. Reinhardt 41. H. Gaetjen Sr. 2SI. C.
Shilling 37. Corooral A. Dietrich 41. Corpora'.
H. Marzolf 57, Sergeant H. Feire 20, C. Her
ring 41, E. Ruhland«15, W. Stark 2.{. J. Hayea
33, T. Lorenzen 16. W. A. Smith 2».
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club; monthly
bullseye shoot — J. Outtenbere 1H. W. Paulson
23V4, W. Grraves-26, H. Windmuller 20." F.
JIante 30^. J. Cobby 31, A. Gay :H5, E. Rehar
41, W. Guild 44, F. Dubois 43, M. Lytjen 47,
H. Vogel 47, B. W. Estee 47. H. Lange 52. R.
Holmqulst 57. P. Paulson 5"H. A. Greschbach
5S B. Scfcullerts SS»i, L. V. Frates 6O. T.
Xeuwlrth 01%, S. Holmes 02. H. Llndbere 6S.
H. Korod 72. H. P. Nelson 72. W, Crocker
7.J>4. L. R. Murphy S3, A. NIehaus S">. A.
Thompson 00. J. Klrkaldle 03«4. T. Burr 95.
Practice shoot— W. Guild 111. 123; H. Wob
ber 142. 12B: F. M. Burr 143, 11)1: L. A.
Frates 1S5, 137; A. Thompson 100, 143; Dr. L.
V. Fr^te* US. 10S: J. A. Lcgue 182. 160; P.
A. Paulson Iu7. ISO: AV. L. Paulson 17». J7D;
R. S. Wixson 197, 194; S. Holmes 12S, 113.
University of California Cadets, trial scores
— T. Williamson 44 45; A'C. Thode 44; W. L.
Robertson 43.44; S.-E. Montgomery 43; J. A.
Burges* 42. 49; William Lojcan 42: B. Richard
son 41: C. H. Fry 40, 30; J. A. Wilson 40; A.
R. Whitman 40, 41; J. C. Whitman 40, 44;
S. Jacobs 40: K. K. Voorhies 40; H. G. Mc-
Kannay 40: R. O. Hoedel 3i>, 42.
DEMOCRATS PREPARE
FOR THE CAMPAIGN"
BROOMMAKERS' UNION* TO
FIGHT CONVICT LABOR
Commander of Army and Xavy Re
publican League Announces Date
of State Encampment.
• The Democratic State Central Com
mittee has .been called by B. W.
Murphy, chairman, and Al McCabe.
secretary, to meet at Pioneer Hall,* in
this city, at 2 p. m. Saturday, March 19.
The committee will adopt a call for a
Democratic State convention to select
delegates to the national convention of
the party at St. Louis, and also fix the
time and place of holding the said State
convention and determine the appoint
ment of delegates thereto. • It is be
lieved that Sacramento will be desig
nated as the meeting place of the State
convention. Politicians who have just
returned from the East report that the
recent activity of the supporters of the
Cleveland ring of the Democratic party
is creating much comment In political
circles'. There are indications of a big
battle at St. Louis between the Cleve
land and Hearst factions of the Dem
ocracy.
M. D. Hyde, commander in chief of
the Army and Navy Republican
Leaprue, announces that the seven
teenth State encampment of the league
will be held on Saturday, April 16, at
Becker's Hall. 914 Washington street.
Oakland. The encampment will elect
officers who will serve during the com
ing Presidential campaign.
ACCUSED OP IXSUI/TING
WOMEN OX THE STREET
T,he Union Gun Club members held
their opening shoot of the season yes
terday on the San Francisco trap
shooting grounds near Ingleside. There
were many guns In evidence and some
good scores were made. A great cijowd
was in attendance. More than 10,000
bluerocks were smashed. Last year's
average of • seven shoots amounted to
only 5000. The first medal in the club
shoot was won by E. L. Gamble and
the second by W. Hanson of Pinole.
Considerable interest was manifested in
the practice shoot, some of the mem
bers slipping in blank shells to Joe
Pisani, which accounted for Jils low
score in that event. Following are the
scores:
Club shoot, 25 birds, 16 yards— Burns 13,
Finnochio 1U, Wollam 20, Augonnet 10, T.
\Val?h 11. Nichols 11. BUler 13, Schurtleff 15,
Flnnle lit, McConnell l'J. Kobertson 21, Dr.
Hansen 14, White 12, Williams 21, McDonald
15. Lewis 1G. Barber 15, Barney 24, Pltres 18.
H. KlenesalU 13. K. Klenesahl 23, F. Walpert
21. Knlck 14, Slade 22, Klucannon 23. Mur
duck 20, Ilovt 21, Iverson 22, C. t-y Wester 13,
Hutton 13, Chevalier 21, Masterson 15, Nau
rr.an 24, Daniels 21. W. Hatu-on 17. Moore 14,
Hall 25. Leary 14, Gamble 18. Thomas 19.
Pisani 21. O. Sylvester 21. S. Fish 21, Oretne
4, Patrick 12. BV Feudner 23. Creyk 7, Tuckey
6, W. O. Shreve 0, Donohoe 21, Muller 23, W.
J. Oolcher 22, Swarts 16, Miller 19, Shields 17,
Frahm 22. /
Club handicap medal, 2."> to 30 birds, all who
score 17 or under placrd in second class In
club shoot — Daniels, birds 26, score 24; Shrevs,
blrila 3o. score IS: Leary, birds 28, score 18;
Pisani, birds 20. score 15: Kauman, birds 23,
score 24; Hutton, birds .10, score 23; Donohoe,
birds 20, score 24; Golcher, birds 20, score 24;
Hanson, birds 27. score 25; Shields, birds 27,
score 22: Gamble-, birds 27, score 25; Patrick,
birds .'JO, score 18; Muller, birds 25, score 17;
O. Sylvester, birds 20. score 20; Ivereon, birds
20, score 22; McConnell, birds 27. score 25;
Frahni; birds 20, score IS; F. Feudner, birds
25. score 24: Hoyt, birds 20. scorn 23; Hall,
birds 25. score 21: Moore, birds 28, score 18:
Kincannon, birds 2T>, score 23; c. Sylvester,
blids 2S. score 22; Swarts. birds 2S, score 15;
J. B. Miller, birds 27, score 17: P. Flnnochto,
birds 27, score 21; C. Fi.«h, birds 20, score 20;
Nichols, birds 30, score '•>; TV Walsh, birds 30,
score 17; Burns, birds 30, score 2.1; Augonnet,
birds 80, score !): Chevalier, birds 20, score
10; Shurtleff, birds 2SS, score 28: BiHer. birds
SO. Fcore 14:. Wallom, birds 20, score 20; Rob-/
ertson, birds 2'5, Bcore 10; Dr. Hanson, birds)
2S, score 12: Slade, birds 2«. score 23; L»wl*7 r
birds 2S. score 2.1; Flnnle, birds 27, score oi
Pltrep. birds 2S, score 24: J. Potter, bird" 25
score 21; Wolpert. birds 25. score 22.
Fourth event, a possible 20 — Burns and
Golcher divide first and second. Third money
is divided by Kincannon, McConnell, G. Syl
vester and Daniels.
Fifth event — Xauman first. Daniels and
Donohoe divide second money. Third money
divided by C. Sylvester and Ivereon.
Many Firms Said t<* Injure Home In
dustry by Importing Goods From
j Eastern Penitentiaries.
The local Broommakers' Union Is. up
in arms against the dealers in brooms
In this city who are importing convict
made brooms and selling them in pref
erence to those made by the union men.
They will appeal the matter to the La
bor Council and see if something can
not be done to remedy the evil. .
A communication haR been deceived
by the Labor Council from Samuel
.Gompers,' president of the 'American
Federation of Labor, In w;hich he con
demns the practice of street- railway
employes playing In bands after work
ing hours. Gompers says in his letter
that this is a common practice In East
ern cities, and he requests the local La
bor Council to take steps to prevent the
practice in this city.
, The Labor Council yesterday donated
the sum of $100 to aid the locked-out
employes of the Holt Manufacturing
Company at Stockton. A committee
composed of President Benham and
Secretary McLennon of the Council was
appointed to aid the Sugar ¦ Workers*
Union in its efforts to establish a new
scale of wages.
State Organizer William P. Dills of
the New York Stereotypers' Union i3
in the city, the guest of the local union.
He is on a tour of inspection and will
leave for the south in a few days. He
will Journey home by easy stages, tak
ing in all the principle cities en route.
The following contributions have been
received by the Labor Council for the
benefit of the striking lumbermen at
Fort Bragg: Bartenders. $5; Waiters
No. 30, $10; Machine^ Hands No. 37,
$2 60; Beer Drivers No. 227, $25; The
atrical Employes No. 16, $8 50; Beer
Bottlers No. 293, $10; total, $61. v7f
Unknown Suicide Is Found.
An unknown man was found dead on
Corbett road, near Ingleside, yesterday.
By his side were two bottles that had
contained carbolic acid. The suicide
had evidently been dead about two
days. He was found by George P. Sand
of 121 . Fell street and J. White of 70
Silver street. .There was nothing on the
body to Identify it. It was that of a
man about 45 years of age. In his pock
ets were found a cheap yellow metal
watch bearing the numbers 508,238 and
246,439, two keys, a hotel room tag bear
ing the marks "W" and "8" and 52 12
in coin. The watch was of Longinea
make. " v":*.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., March 13.—
John B." O'Hara, associate editor of the
Street Railway Journal, died to-day',
aged 2S years.
Death of an Eastern . Editor.
Chicago Team Victorious.
LOS March 13.— The Chi
cago National League team again de
feated Los Angeles to-day by the score
of 4 to 1. The game was Interesting
at all times. Chicago won by bunch
ing hits in the sixth inning and scoring
three runs. ' The runs w««ce ift&de off
Hall, who , relieved Newton after the
fifth inning. Weimer for Chicago and
Newton for Los Angeles pitched great
ball for five Innings, when they gave
way to Briggs and Hall, respectively,
and the scoring began.
David Wells, Co\Ax>y, and Fred Ooth
ers, Clerk, Arrested for Disturb
; Ins the Peace.
David Wells and Fred Crothers were
arrested yesterday morning by Po
liceman Harry Hook and booked at the
city prison on a charge of disturbing
the peace. Wells gave his age as 2S
and his occupation as a cowboy, and
Crothers said he was 30 years of age
and a clerk by occupation.
Two ladies complained to Hook yes
terday morning while he was patroling
his. beat, on O'Farrell street, that three
men had insulted them, and about an
hour later Hook saw three men talking
to Merle Bunn, a girl 16 years of age.
She was on her way to the Alcazar
theater to attend rehearsal. When the
three men saw Hook, they ran along
O'Farrell street and disappeared In a
saloon. The girl, who was trembling
with fear, "told Hook that one of the
men had accosted her and had taken
hold of her and asked her to go with
him to a saloon. While he was talking
to her the two other men came up, and
they "were iutroduced to her as a judge
and a doctor.
. Hook ran to the saloon and found
Wells, who was identified by the girl,
and an hour later he arrested Crothers,
who was also identified .by her. The
third man could not be found.
Metals get tired as well as living
beings. .Telegraph wires are, better
conductors on Monday than on Satur
day, on account of their Sunday rest,
and a rest of -three weeks adds 10 per.
cent to the conductivity of a wire.
G. Lacy Crawford's fast hound Rec
tor showed class above all the other
dogsi In the open stake at Ingelside
Coursing park yesterday and won out
about as he pleased. Some good
courses were run and while the s?hort
ends did not show often, there was a
surprise or two that made the pikers
feel jubilant. Presidio Boy, which
was looked upon to reach the deciding
course, and. in fact was figured to con-^
test for final honors with Rector, was
put out in the early morning by Prin
cess Savoy.
The talent thought so little of
Jolly's courses that they finally ran
the price up to 10 to 1 against her,
but the short end dog proved an easy
winner. In the next round, she went
the route again and sent Homer Boy
to the kennel devoid of honors. In
her next go, she went against that fast
one, Full Moon, and after an unde
cided course was beaten by a single
point, the score standing 5-4.
Following are the day's results with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official
scores:
Open stake: Second round — Rector beat J.
E. H., 4-2; Doc Burna beat Aeolus, 6-0; Little
Mercy beat Beauty Gold, (J-0; Frisky Boy beat
Don Pedro, 3-2; Silver Cloud beat Pepper Hill,
3-2; Conroy beat Van Alba, S-4; Crawford
Belle beat Lulu Girl, .4-3; Ragged Actor beat
Youne Johnnie Rex. 5-0; Grace Greenwood,
bt-at Una, 13-9; Firm Fellow beat Lady Menlo,
5-0; Terra Cotta beat Lord Granard, 16-7;
Yourc Fearless beat Master Clalr, 6-0: Prin
cess Havoy beat Presidio Boy, 7-4; Hnmer Boy
beat Gold Lily, 0-2; Full Moon beat Heredine.
6-0; Our Minne beat Mark Twain, 16-2; Lost
Chord beat Orsina. r.-0; Roy Hughle beat
Slievenamon. 4-3: Texas Hoo Hoo beat Bonnie
Pasha. 3-2; Reckless Acrobat beaf Tralee Lass,
5-1; Honest John beat Barater, 5-1; Jerry
Wright beat Clover Blossom. 0-1 ; Fontenoy
beat Little Lucy. 6-5; Imperious beat Equa
tor, 6-4.
.Third round— Rector beat Doc Burns, 4-2;
Little Mercy beat Frisky Boy, 3-2; Conroy
beat Silver Cloud. 3-2; Ragged Actor beat
Crawford Belle. 5-1: Firm Fellow beat Grace
Greenwood, r>-"; Youny Fearless beat Terra
Cotta, 5-0; Princess Savoy beat Homer Boy,
5-2; Full Moon beat Our Minnie, 6-O: Lost
Chord beat Roy Hughie, 7-0; Reckless Acrobat
beat Texas Hoo Hoo, 0-0; Jerry "Wright beat
Honest John, 4-0; Imperious beat Fpntenoy,
5-1.
Fourth round — Rector beat Little Mercy,
3-1; Rajrred Actor beat Conroy, 6-0; Young
Fearless beat Firm Fellow. 4-1; Full Moon
beat Prince?^ Savoy, 5-4; Reckless Acrobat
beat Lost Chord, 9-6: Jerry Wright beat Im
perious, 5-O.
Fifth round— Rector beat Ragged Actor.
0-0; Full Moon beat Youni? Fearless. 5-3;
Reckless Acrobat beat Jerry Wright, 7-4.
Sixth round — Rector beat Full Moon. 4-1;
Reckless Acrobat a bye.
Deciding course — Rector beat Reckless Acro
bat, 5-1.
•J* ' — "F
It became necessary for Mrs. Caro
lan to make a personal request of a
number of peisons to move from this
point, which they did, but it was an
unpleasant duty none the less. There
was also some disorderly conduct
among some young boys. While the
polo players are glad to have the public
witness their games gratuitously,
common decency demands that those
who attend . conduct themselves be
comingly. The international cham
pionship match will be played on
Tuesday.
Hobart scored twice for his side and
Duval and Lawson once each. Cap
tain Haig made four of the five goals
accredited to his side. Captain Chap
lin scored the fifth.
In order to better accommodate the
public, Francis J. Carolan, upon
whose private field at Crossways Farm
the great match was played, has erect
ed a large grandstand on the south side
of the Held opposite the clubhouse.
Notwithstanding the liberal provision
made for spectators by the owner of
the field it is unpleasant to record
that thoughtless persons take advan
tage of the general invitation which is
extended to the public to attend the
games and stood in front of the club
house, which is reserved for members
and their friends, thus obstructing the
view of the game.
Though losers on a technical decis
ion, the "Whites have evory reason to be
proud of their game, and they are by
no means convinced that the other
team is the stronger. In fact they are
eager to repeat the match and, It is
said, are willing to place heavy odds
on themselves. The sides lined up as
folio \vg:
WARWICKSHIRE. BURLINGAME.
Charles Garland. Francis J. Carolati.
Captain Cbaolln. 'Walter S. Hobart.
Iiiu-Il Williams. C. Kaoul-Duval.
Oaj'tain Xeil Haig. John Lawson.
FOUR GOALS FOR HAIG.
Thi3 made the score five to four, in
favor of the Englishmen, but their op
ponents claimed the last goal should
not be counted,' as the bell had been
sounded before it was made, which,
they held, closed the game. Referee
R. SI. Tobin consulted the rules and
finally decided in favor of the visitors.
REFEREE DKCIDES.
At the close of the third period the
score stood at a tie of four to four.
When the final period opened, t'here
fore. the excitement was tremendous
and was shared equally by the per
formers and by the spectators. Each
player seemfd to feel an individual re
sponsibility for the final result, and
each strove his utmost to get the ball
between the goal posts. Finally an
opportunity was presented to the Na
poleon of polo. Captain Neil Haig, and
he sent the ball hurtling across half
the field straight to the goal. A tre
mendous cheer went up from the spec
tators when the little sphere was seen
to pass between the posts.
The polo match at Burlingame yes
terday afternoon was played for the
glory of the two great Anglo-Saxon
nations and for four artistic silver cups,
offered by the generous Briton, F. J.
Mackey. It is perhaps no more than
poetic justice that the prizes should
have bfi<»n awarded to his own country
men, which was tinally done on a score
of live goals to four in their favor. It
was the most strenuous game played
this season and was witnesod by more
than a thousand people. Every player
was on his irR-ttle and put forth his
best efforts for victory.
Lovers of long-distance races will
gather at the Oakland track next Sat
urday, as on that occasion the Thorn
ton stakes, at four miles, will be run.
For many years, commencing with the
day? of the Bay District track, this j
event has been a feature cf racing and
Borne fine contests were witnessed. One
memorable race was that of 1S96, when
Star Ruby carried the colors of Green |
Morris to victory. Other winner? were ;
Schiller, Judge Denny, The Bachelor,
Forte, Loeochee. Siddons and Rio Shan- j
noil. There are forty-five eligibles for
lhf» race this year, including Our Bes
eie and Keynote, which were added
when the stake was reopened for ad
ditional entries.
M. J. Daly has decided to start the
clever x^rformer Claude, and he is the
1-adinfT candidate. The day following
"the race he is to be shipped to Mem
phis, together with the other Daly
horses. Sailor Knot and Play Ball were
also Dominated by Daly.
Another eligible is Rin Shannon,
v. hit h win th<? Thornton last year. He
vi!I carry the Coffey colors. Grafter,
winner of the Waterhouee cup, is an
other eligible, and among others on the
list are Horaiius, Outburst, Veterano,
The Way. Nones, Expedient and Baf
fl*d.
The stake will have a value of about
j:;r>fto and it is attracting much atten
tion. I'nder the conditions three-year
clds carry 86 pounds, four-year-olds 109
pound*, hve-year-nlds 115 pounds and
eix-year-olds and over 116 pounds.
oi Wednesday there will be a $1000
handicap, at a mile, and a furlong, for
three-ycar-r.Ms and upward.
i-.XTlUES FOR TO-DAY.
First *•«?— Futurity course; three-year-oMs
and ui>; i-ar^s: tilling:
6518 •CtlUllo i-'layton) 107
«V2 •Mtd»-y 'Pieimont Stable) I»S
£29d Oaj't-ivue F.;a:,chi & Co.) ,.1<>7
, B2SJ Ttecfcalq* Clifford & Co.) -.CM
r iviaodasste \* U'emlon) 112
•>l«-» Btiytta H .Mrs. H»rujell> 11:1
<;::i* *I-ady Alfclij- <Hyle) 05
61M PriesUike Jr.i<>r) T>**
G2iO*Pure I*" 10 Thomas ic Reavey) f*»
<»i2CC)"Hirtle lX«tt 107
r«KS "Alsweta '*;rray> loT
6251 Dor» 1 ' Vl '"''*n) 112
• 630S *Bene 4.Lama. eJ . u ro <=.) Ur2
(C38 Cfaerrie* <?f>v, n2
?rj!«4 CarHee <ArP'-<*_& Co.) 112
Second rae* — Four j r i O r.£s; two-year-olds;
felling : _ .
«mr. Bill S^iort (Dobs<, 10( ;
•Lansponl* <* Irs - jlier) !.lt»
C.15 Pr. Leggo <Mc<-afr« y) !,,„
•VCl Marie J <JoneE> .. jqj
. <.2i- •Senator Poynti <jH5«ald) 103
"V.'TIOBob Raeon (?umlrlcrf - . ".' " J " i ". .10S
Third rac*^-Futurity cov, three-year
oldi; s*l!ir.p:
•Brookwood Bell^ fBlalc, lfK>
. <^2Sj« •«; ir Aroifby (TiPrney* ' l<>->
• f-tUTCFoxy Grandpa tCorey) " "if.-. I
C3O2 *Du«y Miller *Sh«?ridan) 1<ci
niSGrlcU «GruweIl» ]tl - '
CITT 1 - *Ko«!gned <Macdonal<3) ..."* if»o
«£1* Harka <Wf!!rran) \ l4l -
B6I8 Abydo5 <Ryan) '•*" '"ir,T
• «S2 Orj*eom Push <CMffor<!) .*" '"\\(\
R2S0 *.-'aitf) 'Fountain) "" *"if<>
• •^10 t^.r.iabar <?mlth> , ( Z
'¦.¦¦J Standard <McAlester) '.'.'.'.'.' 105
Pourth racp — MiU? and fifty yar<ls«,, r ,- Aal 
r.;<".;- rrd ud; sflline: our-jear
• •r:i7i*"hickadte <McCaff«>rty) 1f)ft
KSOCdovajM fPtover) i ln
? 0231" 'Montana Peeress iCoTey) ... ijL
r-i lobsltlta (MrXamara) ' i.J.
fl*M Lady Kf-nt < Well mar) '"my,
f,?,l •Knutonnier* (Jone?) f«
6^27 'Silurian iLamatney Bro?.).. ..'. ,,|:>
BpT^SlI^r 7^** farlonr5: '"•"¦-year-os anj
?^150 •Our rride ainwe Stable) i fl ->
OC!V1 "Alice Carey . Rcwell) ! . . • tS
en««Mr. Fiirrum OScCaSerty) . " K , ..
«ll« Oalanthu* fCoCey) .. .. " irr
Prur.wr«-K! <M»-Ale«ter) ,JJi
«2S4 mar-kthnrr. (Fir.k) ' Xv"-J2
C3I« 'Pickaway Uackson) ."."." .'.,,,"
Sixth rar*— Six and a ha'.' furfen**; tl*.,,
ffXTl Ui:rrh McGownn fRoxrc!!) . o
••^tS PfcUcr Knr.t <Da!y» a
R271 claims <J"nnir.r») >e
CSS1 Odcbnat Stable) '.'."""¦><,
•Arrr»r.ti<-» al!o»i-anc<?. *"
FSOBAELX Wlflai'BS.
Pirrt race— Hirtle. Dora I, Pure Dale.
Seconfl race— Bill Short, Li?ht of 'DayJ
Bob Hxztm.
Third race— Poxy Grandpa, Stlto. n«
¦icned.
Pourth race — KToataca Feereas, nio
¦wato. Chickadee.
Fifth race — Galaathm. Alice Carer
Pickaway. '
Sirth race— Solanns. Sailor Knot Cel
ebrant.
»
Classic Contest Has Been
Won by Star Kuby and
Other Celebrities of Turf
Avoids the Gymnasium but
- Poses for Some Time Before
a Moving Picture Machine
Captures Trophy Offered by
San Francisco Schuetzen
Yerein for Two-Year Score
Pickwicks Tie City Eleven in
First Half, but Are Beaten
Hopelessly in Last -Period
Princess Savoy Furnishes a
Big Surprise by Beating
the Clever Presidio Boy
Spectators Fill All Available
Space at Crbssways — Inter
national Game on Tuesday
Silver Heels, the fast Sacramento
greyhound, was right In her element
yesterday at Union Coursing Park.
She displayed a world of speed through
out the day, her only hard course be
ing with* her town dog, Sacramento
Boy, In the fourth round, when the pair
ran an undecided course. When the
trial was run off Silver Hee!s had
everything her own way and won with
out an effort.
She ruled a 1 to 4 favorite over Jlaby
Aurora in the* deciding course. Th3
letter never had a look-in, for Silver
Heels killed the hare after a' run • of
sixteen seconds and shut her opponent
out without a point, much to the sur
prise of the spectators.
Raby Aurora was among the go&d
things at the park yesierday. None
of the wise ones conceded her a chance
to go as far as the third round, -yet
she showed remarkable speed and en
durance in every course, beating Black
Coon in the third round when the rul
ing price was 4 to 1 against her
chances..
The dogs as a rule ran true to form
yesterday and the shortenders did .not
land as often as they are wont to. The
only important upsets outside of the
defeat of Black Coon were the victories
of Apple Blossom over McVey in the
second round and that of Real Article
over Lord Brazen in the third round,
the odds in each instance being 2 to 1.
In the first round eight 2 to 1 short
enders came in winners.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge P. J. Rellly's official scores:
Open stake, first round — Cloverdale beat
Prometheus, 13-0; Frisky Barbara beat Mellin
wood, 7-0; Pasha Fleasant beat Amandan, 3-0;
Ruby Sankey beat Texas Ginger, 11-0; Eagle
beat Snapper Garrison, 5-1; Real Article beat
Vina, 4-2; Cubanola a bye. Advertiser with
drawn; I^ord Brazen beat Pete Mclntlre, ti-0;
Filver Heels beat Wave of Fortune, 7-3; Sir
Winton beat Haughty Helen, 11-8: Concord
Tralee beat Royal Friend. 6-0: Friendless
Boy beat Sofala, 5-3; Fair Tralee
beat Free From Flaw, 7-3; Rusty Ax beat
Miss Green, 8-4; Sempronius beat Pepper Jack,
3-1; Game Bay beat Picker, 3-1: Apple Blos
som a bye, Shadow withdrawn; McVey beat
Renegade Apache, 5-2; General Dewet beat
Merry Go Round. 7-2: Sacramento Boy beat
Queen's Motto, 5-4; Free Born beat Mi AmlRO,
8-1; Raff Time bvat Money Musk, 5-0; Com
mercial Traveler beat Idaho Boy, 4-2; Frisco
La4 beat Liberator, 1S-0; The Referee beat
Viking, 10-7; Black Coon beat Tamara, 4-0;
Raby Aurora beat Donnybrook, 4-0; McHenry
beat Tralee Boy, 4-0; Adonis beat Sir Pasha,
18-10; Red Rock beat ARKie \V, 7-.'.; Bill
Dugan beat John Heenan, 21-10; Vandal beat
Fenli. 5-0.
Second round — Frisky Barbara beat Clover
dale, 3-0; Pafha Pleasant beat Ruby Sankey,
5-1; Real Article beat Kagle, 11-3; Lord Brazen
beat Cubar.ola. 0-0; Sliver Heel? beat Sir Win
ton, C-4; Friendless Boy beat Concord Tra
lee. 4-0: Fair Tralee boat Rusty Ax', «-0: #
Game Boy beat Sempronius, 3-2; Apple Bios-"
mm beat McVey, 14-12; Sacramento Boy beat
General Dewet. 5-0; Free Born beat Ra-g
Time, 3-2; Commercial Traveler beat Frisco
Lad, 11-5; Black Coon beat The Referee, 3-1;
Raby Aurora beat McHenry, 0-5; Red Roik
beat Adonis, C-5; Vandal beat Bill Dupan, 0-0.
Third round— Pasha Pleasant beat Frisky
Barbara. 16-9: Real Article beat Lord Braren.
4-1; Silver Heels beat Fair Tralee, 4-0; Friend
less Boj" beat Game Boy. 3-li; Sacramento Boy
boat Apple Blossom. S-O; Free Born beat Com
mercial Traveler. 7-0; Uaby Aurora beat Black
Coon, 3-0; Rod Rock beat Vandal, 6-3.
Fourth round — Real Article beat Pasha
Pleasant. 8-3; Silver Heels beat Sacramento
I5oy, 3-2; Friendless Boy beat Free Born, 14-10;
Rabv Aurora beat Red Rock, C-4.
Fifth round — Silver Heelp beat Real Article,
4-2; Raby Aurora beat Friendless Boy, 3-0.
Deciding course — Silver Heels beat Raby
Aurora. 5-0.
Wise Bettors Overlook Her,
Yet She Remains in Run
ning for Deciding Course
"INDIES': ARE WINNERS
GALLERY IS LARGE
CORBETT ON THE ROAD
ONE NOTABLE LONG SHOT
BABY AURORA IS FAST
PAPE CAPTURES MEDAL
Britt Puts. in a Busy After
noon Entertaining Crowd
of Interested Spectators
GOOD FIELD EXPECTED
Daly AVill Send His Famous
Derby Winner for Thorn
ton Stakes at Four 31iles
First Match in Semi-Finals
for Cup Ends in Easy Vic
tory for League Champions
Leads All His Competitors
of the Golden Gate Club,
Making- an Excellent Score
Proves an Easy Winner Over
Reckless Acrobat in the
Open Stake at Ingleside
Rules a Favorite at Odds of
1 to 4 and Shows Much
Speed in Every Event
English Team Defeats the
Burlingame Club 3Ien by
Close Score of Five to Four
POLOISTS PLAY
EXCITING GAME
CLAUDE TO TRY
DISTANCE RACE
THISTLES BEAT
ALBION ROVERS
FAST RECTOR
SHOWS CLASS
SILVER HEELS
ANNEXES STAKE
TRAINING WORK
GOES ON APACE
MASON PROVES
A CLEVER SHOT
ENGLISH POLOISTS DEFEAT BURLINGAME MEN AND TRAPSHOOTERS OPEN THEIR SEASON AT INGLESIDE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 14. -.190-1.
Many Seals Off Newfoundland
ST. JOHNS. X. F.. March I?,-La rCe
herds of seals are beins: carried acalnst
the XoVthern coast line of Newfound
lard by the in-shorc -winds, thus en
abling the coast dwellers to kill them
Many pealing steamers passed north on
Saturday and are working through the
Ice floes. It is thought they will be
nble to reach these herds without dif
ficulty.
Richie and l> e Coursey Training.
|fA» DIEGO. March 13.-Johnnie
Richie of St. Louis and Billy de C«ur-
E ey of Los Angeles, who have signed
I articles for a twenty-round boxing
match before the San Diego At hlPti^
Club on the night of the 29th inVt? a«
getting down to hard work. Richie* w
training at Armory Hall, on Eiihth
street, with Will Bryant of Los a5c*
lea as sparring partner and trainer
De Coursey has quarters at the Modi i
bathhouse, with Jack Montana, also of
Los Anseles, as trainer.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Never j]
I Boiagiht 1
*j£B&&&>n MENANDWQMEft.
v «^mM;CBX^W9 C§« Big G for onn«tttr»l
tiSSW •¦ » •» » «"r^Tl di«ch»r«t«».lnfl»iummtioni.
BaB QurmatMd II Irrlutioai or nlceratioat
¦ 4bV »«t i* nrtmti. ¦• of mucous membrtDsa.
M^rmtrt cmu^« Paiu'iou. and not Mtria-
WT* TTAl Et MS OiEMlUlCO. «*nt or pcinonoas.
VfA nW1.1SATl,0.K?J kid *>T Drarr1»U,
VM^ C.H.A. |S5P of i»nt In plain wrapper.
PKT|Oh br •xpreiu. prepaid, foe
A."Sg5Jl.ftJ»a.WPVW »l.0O. or 3 bottle* «3.7».
¦ circul*/ i«bs «a m«AThe police were . notified yesterday
that a toolhouse In ithe rear of a build
ing in course of construction at Wash
ington and Baker streets' had been en
tered during the. night and a lot of
tools stolen. A description of thp stolen
tools was given. •
Toolhouse Is Robbed.
Fred/ Moody, a bellboy at the Grav
stone* Hotel,' 6S Geary street, was ar
» rested* yesterday, by. Detectives O'Dea
" and • Mulcahy and locked up in . "the
tanks". at the City Prison. He is ac
cused of. having stolen an overcoat and
¦cme underclothing from the room ¦ of
£."•& Porser, one of -the guests.-- The
overfcoat has been recovered. '
Bellboy Placed. Under Arrest.
The British ship Naiad arrived in port yes
terday, 162 days from Liverpool., She reports
a succession of heavy gales, varied ; occasion
ally with mild weather. On March 10, when
In latitude "33 N. longitude 124 aW., she en
countered a strong southwest gale, . which
threw her on her. beam ends, filling decks to
the rails, flooding cabins : and forward houses,
carrying away brldce and : doing considerable
damase to the decks. V The etorm lasted two
days.
Naiad on Her Beam Ends.
SAN RAFAEL, March 13. — The body
found near Bolinas yesterday and sup
posed to be that of Captain Ross, the
missing bay "pilot, is yet unidentified.
Coroner Sawyer .returned to, .this city
with the corpse this morning and the
missing captain's brother visited the
Morgue, but asserts that the body is
not that of- his relative. From iden
tifying marks the man was an officer
from some ship. He was about 6 feet
tall, weighed 170 pounds and waa
about 45 years old. Two gold crowns
were in. the front teeth, one upper and
one lower. The body was found near
Duxbury Reef and had* apparently
been' in the water about ten days. , ¦
Relatives Declare That the Remains
Are Not Those of Captain Ross,
the 'Pilot.
BODY FOUND AT
)' BOLJXAS UNIDENTIFIED
FRESNO, March 13.— Fisher's Taco
ma team, won'from Vlsalia today by a
score of 4 to 1. , Overall pitched a good
game for Vlsalia. He will remain with
Fisher and probably pitch against the
Chicago Nationals on Thursday. Score:
Tacoma 0 O O 2.0 0 2 0 O—4
Visalla ••<> 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0—1
Batte»les— St. Vraln and Graham; Overall
and Hosan. . ..
Overall Pitches Good 1 ' Ball.
Money match, 25 birds, distance handicap —
First class — A. J. Webb. 22 yards, broke 20:
Dr. C. C. Payne, 16 yards, broke 18. Second
class — J. B Hauer 20 yards, broke 20; W. O.
Cullon. 18 yards, broke 19: L. E. Lea veil, -20
yards, broke 10; Dr. George Gere, '16 yards,
broke 15; L. H. Allen. 18 yards, broke 22..
Cash prize race, distance -handicap, 20 birds,
10 sinslfs ond 5 pairs — L. H. Allen. 18 yards,
broke 17; Dr. C. C. Payne, 1G yards, broke
10; A. J. Webb, 22 yarda, broke/ 15; R. C.
Reed, IS yards, broke 16; L. E. Leavell. IS
yards, b:-oke 8; J. Peltier, 16 : yards, broke 0;
T C. Van Ness, 16 yards, broke 13; J. B..
Hauer, 20 yards, <¦ broke - 14; Dr. A. J. Syl
vester, 1H yards, broke 11; S. -. Prlngle, 16
yards, broke t5. ' " " •
Sweeny record medal (miss and out match)—
Allen 7, Reed 2, Dr. Payne 5, Reed 4. Webb
11, Dr. . Payne 4, • Reed 4, Dr. : Payne 3, 3 Allen
14. Webb 0. Read 15, Dr. Payne 0. Webb 12.
Reed's run of 15 was high for the day in this
event. . • ~ '
The members of the Empire Gun
Club opened their season of trap shoot
ing yesterday at the " Alameda Point
grounds. The principal scores follow:
Club championship race— A.' J.' Webb 24, R.
C. Reed 21, Dr. Clyde C. Payne 21, J. B. Hauer
10. W. O. Cullon 19,>L.. H. Allen 19. X,. K.
Lea veil 17, Dr. George Gere 17, Dr. A. J.
Sylvester 16. V. L. Haupt 13, T. C. Van Ness
Jr. 1 11. J. Peltier 0. -
Members Open Their Season at the
Alamcda Point Traps.
E3rPIRE CLUB SCORES.
YOUNTVIIXE, March 13.— An appre
ciative audience filled the amusement
hall at the Veterans' Home at Yount
ville on Saturday, night when one />f
the best entertainments that has yet
been presented there was given under
the direction of, Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-
Blinn. The entertainment was opened
with a violin solo by Miss Isabel Seal,
who responded to the applause which
greeted her efforts.. Solos by Miss Zeta
Fahey, contralto; Miss Belle Thorne,
soprano, and Richard Hunt, tenor, were
all enthusiastically received. Miss
Thorne especially aroused great enthu
siasm when she anpeared with the
American flag drapea around her. and
sang "The Star Spangled Banner." Miss
Elsa Tolon made a hit with her danc
ing specialty. The dance , "MiHtarie"
took particularly well with the old men.
The buck and wing* and waltz clog
given by Robert Stack were splendid.
The Misses Belle Thorne and Zlta Fa
hey and Messrs. Richard Hunt and
Harry Wood Brown did some very fine
work in scenes from the second act of
"Martha." , : U'£i&
"VETS" ENTERTAINED
BY VAUDEVILLE SHOW
The Rev. Mr. Rader then referred to
the Salvation Army, expressing a hope
that it would never be turned from
the streets, for its members have raised
their voices for fallen humanity. He
said there was no anarchy there, only
sweet words for humanity's uplifting.
No young man or young woman of the com
munity should .hear the doctrines of these
"curbstone ' orators." ; ,, .'
They are amonc thr«e that should.be re
turned to the Old World anarchy; they are a
subtle enemy, and not until » a ' President Is
assassinated are we Aroused to their presence,
and then we admit having known or tbeae
enemies in our midst. .
When he assails the flag that , protects him
he Is not worthy I the protection of that flag.
We have had three President* assassinated
and two of them were assas*fnated -by the
license not only of a certain prws but of rabid
speakers. Speech can be as powder — It can be
explosive — and In this connection I may remind
you that anarchists have arisen here until to
day San Francisco la full of them. -
Anarchy Is spoken of in 'other names, in a
sugary disguise, and it is subtle. There are
many men tn San Francisco that ! do not like
our Government, that do not like our flag and
that do not like the success of the people of
the United States — men. too, that fling mud
at the fair name. of Christ. ¦ , •-
NOT WORTHY PROTECTION*.
Thought Is private property that all should
respect. My friends, never let any one think
for you One thins always hold on to, that ts
your own private convictions, and the- man
that sacrifices them has no self-respect. Be
proud of your thoughts and die before surren-1
derlnr them. Swap them for better thought;
if you will, but do not surrender.
If a man makes a hoe he has a right to u»
It. at least he did have before the labor uni<n
or-anlxatlon movement, and if a man has*
thought he ha* a right to use it. If he pp
ducea an idea surely he has a right to exprns
It, to utter It in public speech, put it no
music or In words give to It the expr»»«Ion
of his Innermost heart and soul, and I trust
that there will never be anything to eliminate
Individuality and Individual liberty.
But there is danger In the liberty of speech.
It la a serious matter that the United States
gives so many liberties and yet those liberties
are rl«ht when they are respected.. '
There should be free speech for everybody,
provided that everybody keep within calm and
cober limits. In this present question of re
stricting speaking; on the streets Of San Fran
cisco. I say here that any man that assails
our Government* slanders our Government and
Insults our flag ought to be bottled up and
sent to the Old World 'Where he cams from.
DEFINES MAN'S RIGHTS.
"Free Speech, Its Meaning, Function
and Dangers," was the subject of a ser
mon by the Rev. William Rader at the
Third Congregational Church, Fifteenth
and Mission streets, last night. As is
usual, there was an extremely large
assemblage of worshipers in tb^
church, and the utmost interest waa
shown in the reverend speaker's utter
ances. The Rev. Mr. Rader said ii
part:
Free gp*ech Is The manifestation of pereonfl
liberty and right to speak. The ballot Is a
privilege and speech Is a right, but remembir
that no man has a right to »p«ak unless wlh
authority— by that, 1 mean that a fool has w
rl^ht to speak, nor has the man that las
nothlnc to say. In the sam« way a man. his
a risht to do as he pleases when he pleaies
ti> do what Is right.
There i» a difference between a privilege
and a richt. as Is evidenced In the fact that
every man has not a risht to vote. And let
me say that the man that ought to vote
should have the full capacity for the privilege
given him. ¦ . , ,.'.'.
The wagon was driven by James Ma
loney and was stopped on Market
street, near Fourth, by Creely, who
called Policeman Tom. Murphy* and all
went to the Southern police station.
Dr. Dillon was called and pronounced
the meat unfit for food, and Maloney
was locked up on a charge of having
diseased meat In his possession. The
meat was held as evidence and stored
away at the Hall of Justice.
Aftergut says that the beef was pro
nounced ' sound by Meat Inspector
Brown just before it left his place, and
that Creely's interference was caused
by a desire to secure revenge for cer
tain testimony given at a recent trial
In which both were Interested. . •
A wagon containing two and a half
carcasses of beef /was stopped on its
way to Chinatown yesterday afternoon
and the driver taken into custody by
the police. It is alleged that the meat is
diseased and unfit for use. Dr. E. J.
Creely, a veterinary surgeon at 510
Golden Gate avenue, caused the arrest,
and Health Inspector Dillon after an
inspection said that the action, was
justified. •>;:#¦•
The meat came from the premises of
Samuel Aftergut, a wholesale butcher
at 4301 Mission street, and was con
signed to 101% Fish alley. Aftergut in
his defense claims that the meat is all
right andrthat the holding up tof the
wagon and the arrest of the driver are
matters of spite work on the part of
Creely, with whom he says he has had
trouble. : .: V
Wagon Load of Beef on Its Way to
Ch Inn town Is Seized by
the Police.
SAY MEAT IS DISEASED
AND UNFIT FOR FOOD
Agitators That Assail Gov
ernment, He Says, Should
Be Deported to Old World
Dr. Rader, in an Address on
"Free Speech," Seriously
Scores Vicious Oratory
ANARCHY HIT
FROM PULPIT
"In the coming Presidential election,"
said the speaker, "if men exercise these
principles as Christian citizens the re
sult then can safely be left to -the
God who gives victory to the right."
With regard to political affiliation,
Commander Moore said every man
should make up his mind as to his own
belief and then he should study the
opinions of others, I and [ when firmly
convinced of the principles , which will
most largely conserve the interest ,of
his town, State or nation, should ally
himself with that party which mo3t
nearly embodies those principles.
It was far more important that- a
man should have/ well defined prin
ciples rather than he. should, be .'an
adherent to any particular party.
Commander Moore at the outset ex
plained his reason for taking such a
subject, saying that nothing was more
appropriate than that Christian prin
ciples should be applied to our political
as well as personal life. When Con
gress declared that all men were born
free and equal it did not mean' that
all men were equal in property rights
or ability to attain wealth and . high
position, but that men were born to
"the right to life, liberty and the pur
suit of happiness." £
Every man, he said, "had the right to
live and attain a position in life ac
cording to the ability God' had given
him.
Commander Moore, United States
navy, addressed the men's meeting at
the Y. M. C. A. yesterday afternoon on
"The Making of a Citizen." There waa
a large attendance and Henry. J. Mc-
Coy was in the chair.
Addresses Large Audience at Y.; M.
O. A. Auditorium on "The Mak
inz of a Citizen." ,
COM3IAXDER MOORE SPEAKS
OF MAN'S RIGHT TO LIBERTY
The attendance at the Kopta novelty
concerts nx>tably Increased with the
house of yesterday afternoon at Lyric
Hall, when the piano quartet of Rich
ard Strauss was given for the first
time. The chief Interest of the after
noon centered In the Strauss number,
that was excellently handled by Mr.
Kopta and his associates. Like much
other of Strauss, the quartet is dar
ingly ugly in places. It has the char
acteristics of the middle period of its
author's development with some of the
earlier, almost Mendelssohnian sweet
ness, particularly . In the . slow move
ment. There is also the psychological
quality familiar in his later work ac
tively prophesied, and here 3 as there
the composer becomes what can only
be called ugly. Interesting, profound
ly, all through, the quartet Is, in spite
of this, and the handling of Its nota
ble rythmical and other, difficulties
was most creditable to the players.
The American string quartet of Dvo
rak was also very • pleasingly given,
with two smaller string numbers, and
Mr. Kopta was heard in a brilliant
rendering of the Ries "Perpetuum Mo-,
bile." " .*/ ;¦-?¦'•.
Complications arise from the com
mencement of the play. Gus Shultus,
an old settler, which part is ably taken
by William F. Kohman, attempts to
ruin Ryan by breaking a dam and pre
venting a stream' of water from supply-
Ing the latter's mill. Ryan forestalls
this by putting in a steam plant, but
enmity continue*? until the last act.
There are several love affairs, all end
ing happily, and money affairs that
carry the piece to a finish. The cast is
particularly strong. The ten persons
that compose it are thorough in their
work, even the baby that smiles and
b'links and waves its tiny hands at the
audience. Harold La Costa, as "Sam
Wilber," is an artist, and Virginia
Cranna. as "Gill Cooper," is graceful
and winning. C. O. Wallace, as "Abe
Shultus," and* Olga By wen, as "Mar
garet Ryan," are good. Bertram Yost,
Willam D. Reed and Ethel Carpenter
complete the capable cast'.
"The Old Mill Stream," which opened
at the California Theater last night, la
one of Daniel. Sully's opportunities. A
perfect arrangement of comedy and
drama affords chances for the well
known actor to display his versatility
and he loses none of them. The audi
ence was appreciative and gave ap
plause without stint^ The production
is one of the best seen here for a long
time and deserves a good attendance.
The play is in three acts and from
the pen of Fitzgerald Murphy. The
scene is laid in the heart of the Cats
kill Mountains and Sully assumes the
role of Robert Ryan, called "Uncle
Bob," a rural groceryman and post
master. There are no stirring situa
tions in the plot, but it savors of easy,
everyday life and contains no im
probabilities. Sully, through the actw,
maintaining a character distintively his
own. He works from life and overdoes
nothing. He passes from the senti
mental to the ljumorous in a flash and
with a grace that has won for him his
fame.
"I heard the reports with much sur
prise. So far as I know Warden Tomp
kins is not short in his accounts and I
have never thought and do not now
suspect that he was or is. I have no
report from any expert at all on the
condition of the prison and know noth
ing about the contents of any report
that has been made. The deficit in the
funds of the prison comes simply from
the fact that the board of directors,
owing to the threatened drought be
fore the recent storms, was unable to
sell the stock of grain bags that was
manufactured during the last fiscal
year. The late rains, however, and the
improved crop prospects and the condi
tion of the grain bag market will en
able the prison directors to dispose of
their stock of bags and the money they
receive from this sale will, we, hope,
do away with the threatened deficit.
And that, so far as I know, is all there
is about it."
I Prison Director Charles N. Felton,
Warden Tpmpkins of San Quentin and
Governor Pardee emphatically deny the
report that as a result of an Investiga
tion by the firm of expert accountants,
Knight & McLaren of this city, into the
books of San Quentin prison, serious
discrepancies were discovered.
That such an investigation was mads
is admitted, but Warden Tompkins de
clares that the report was not present
ed at the last executive session of the
board of prison directors. He says that
there is absolutely nothing wrong with
his accounts or with those of the other
prison officials.
-Prison Director Felton declared that
so far as the Warden's accounts were
concerned they were found to check to
a cent. He admitted, however, that
there were, some small discrepancies in
the accounts of the turnkeys, some of
which dated from the last administra
tion and others that occurred since the
change in wardenshlp. .These, he said,
related wholly to money received by
the turnkeys from prisoners upon their
Incarceration. "The amounts acknowl
edged to have been received by the
turnkeys are greater by a small amount
than the actual cash showing.
The. investigation was made, it is
claimed, not for the purpose of Im
peaching Warden Tompkins, although
his accounts were examined thoroughly
at the same time, but largely to ascer
tain the truth or falsity of many
charges made by convicts that the
prison officials were converting to their
own benefit sums of money taken when
the prisoners entered San Quentin.
Governor Pardee was Interviewed at
Sacramento last night concerning the
financial affairs of San Quentin prison.
The Governor said:
Finally Detective Ross Whittaker
and a patrolman arrived, just as Brad
burn, leaning through the cashier's
window, was heaping abuse on Assist
ant Cashier Bettman. Slipping quietly
up to Bradbufn, Whittaker placed a
"twister" on his right wrist and before
the mining man had fully realized that
he was under arrest his gun had been
transferred to the officer's pocket. A'
second later another' handcuff was cir
cled about Bradburn's other wrist and
the man from Utah, who, but a few
minutes before, was prepared to con
vert the hotel lobby into a morgue, be
gan to look as docile as a pet fawn. He
began to make all kinds of excuses for
his conduct and even Insinuated that
the hotel watchman had placed the pis
tol in his pocket as a joke, but the offi
cers turned a deaf ear to his protests
and apologies and placing Bradburn in,
a patrol wagon whisked him off to the
Hall of Justice, where the two charges
mentioned were placed opposite his
name on the prison register. Mrs.
Bradburn later settled her husband's
bill at the hotel and departed with her
baggage.
Immediately he began looking for
trouble and when the watchman asked
him to be quiet he drew a big revolver
from his coat and, swinging it around
under the nose of the watchman, loud
ly informed that peacefully inclined in -
dividual that he would blow his head
off if he attempted to interfere. He
made a similar threat to rf colored por
ter and then, apparently realizing that
he was having things all his own way,
he strutted about, uttering all kinds of
threats. Meanwhile, however, a tele
phone message had been 'sent to police
headquarters, but it was nearly half
an hour before assistance came and
during that time Bradburn and his gun
were keeping everything at bay.
Henry Bradburn, a well-known min
ing man of Utah,' whose rough and
ready appearance plainly suggests his
calling, loaded himself with liquor and
a big-sized firearm yesterday after
noon and then proceeded to break in
on the usual tranquillity of the Palace
Hotel. As a result he went to Jail,
where he was charged with carrying
a dangerous weapon and disturbing
the peace of the lodgers and employes
of the big hostelry. Bradburn and his
wife and John Harnan. ... another
wealthy mining || man of Colorado
Springs, arrived at the Palace Satur
day. Yesterday forenoon the two
miners took aboard a large quantity of
liquor at the neighboring saloons and
then adjourned to Bradburn's apart
ments at the Palace, where a sump
tuous lunch was ordered. Table talk
eventually turned to the question of
their individual strength and to dem
onstrate their prowess as collar anS el
bow wrestlers they doffed their coats
and went at it, while Mrs. Bradburn
and a lady friend stood by and watched
the sport. —
As the struggle for the first fall pro
gressed, the contestants enlivened the
scene by smashing a lot of dishes and
creating enough noise to startle nearly
every guest in the hotel. It- was at
this stage of the game that Watchman
Patrick McGowan^ushered himself into
the presence of Bradburn and Harnan
and ordered them down to the office
to settle their bills, which is the meth
od of procedure In cases of ejectment
at the Palace. Harnan meekly com
plied v«th the request and was paying
over his coin at the cashier's window
when Bradburn, in company with the
watchman, made his appearance in the
office.
The "something different" is to be
seen at the Orpheum this week in the
sketch introduced by Emmett Corrigan,
to wit, "Jockey Jones," by Edward J.
"White. Mr. Corrigan is no stranger to
most of us. Those that saw his creepy
Jekyll and Hyde at the Grand Opera
house some time ago are unlikely to
forget the fact. Since then the actor
has fallen a victim to the . wiles of
vaudeville. Lucky vaudeville! More of
Mr. Corrigan's kind and his kind of
sketch would persuade that variety is
various and the legitimate a snare.
"Jockey Jones" is a racing sketch, the
Jockey's part being played in a hospital
cot throughout the playlet. Jones. is a
jockey that is riding to win a bride by
losing his race. Then Jones' '"pal"
comes in to hear the jockey promise his
lady love that he will lose the race if
she will marry him. The "pal," Carroll
Stone, has put everything on the race,
knows also that Flossie is false to
Jones and so tells th'e Jockey. The
jockey then says that the race shall
be won. but not by him. We learn then
that he Is In the iiospital, minus his
knees down— an accident of the day
before. Then lights are lowered and
there is a sort of Valkyrie ride— the
jockey's vision on a screen behind,
Jones in a jockey cap and coat deliver
ing a sort of Ben Hur chariot recital
sitting ud In bed. We can see his horse
win, his "i>al" brings in the news, but
the jockey falls back dead. One won
ders if the cutting off of a foot would
not have served the author's purpose
sufficiently: Mr. Corrigan hardly con
vinces of the larger tragedy. Also the
donning. of the jockey garb is super
fluous and misleading. But the little
story is admirably told and admirably
acted by Mr. Corrigan and his com
pany. The illusion was strong enough
for the gallery to hiss the naughty lady
as she came to the front of the curtain,
even after the Valkyries had just been
seen galloping through the staircase
transparency that should have hidden
them.
Loney Haskell is also new this week
and seems to find his jokes amusing.
The audience occasionally agrees with
him. The Nichols sisters, if they would
sing without chewing gum at the same
time, would please better, j They are
clever coons, well voiced and with a
noble laugh between them. But modt
of their words are lost to fame and
from what are not should be worth
while. BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Play Eeplete .With. Heart
Interest Opens at Califor
nia—Kopta Concerts Please
Turnkeys at San Quentin
Cannot Account for Part of
Coin Taken From Convicts
Threatens Watchman's Life
When Latter Escorts Him
to Office to -Settle His Bill
"THE OLD MILL STKEAM"
DISCREPANCIES SMALL
LIVELY SCENE IN HOTEL
Reckless Display of a Gun
Gets Henry Bradburn, Utah
Mining- Man, Into Trouble
Versatile Actor Appears in
a Sketch That Is Both
New and Interesting
Director Felton, Warden
Tompkins £ arid Governpr
Declare Accounts Correct
PALACE GUEST
GOES TO JAIL
DENY REPORTS
OF SHORTAGES
CORRIGAN STARS
AT THE ORPHEUM
THE SAN , FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 1C 1 904.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. Richard '& Co., 408 Clay. «
Ilnrnrft'n .. Extract ; of Vanilla— In
purity and, strength pre-eminently «upertor. ' •
12
LATEST IMPORTATION OF
1QO4-
We are now showing all the latest weaves
and makes of NEW BLACK DRESS GOODS
for Spring and Summer wear. Among the
assortment are "Lattice Voiles," "Chiffon
Eoliennes," "Crepe Chiffon," ll Silk and Wool
CreDille," "Silk- and Wool Veilings," "Poudre
Voiles," Silk Etamines," "Imperial Crepes/ 1
"Chiffon Voiles," "Black Mohair Etaraines,"
"Lace Voiles" and "Silk and Wool Eoliennes."
Five Extra Values.
44-inch French "Etamine," all wool Cj-00
and yerg handsome fabric •• «P" 1<
42-inch French "Crepe de Paris,"
pure silk and wool • *P B B d -
46-inch Freani "Chiffon Voile," a CI-50
verg soft and clinging fabric *P" u^
45-inch silk and wool "Chiffon Eoli- <t J.75
enne," a bright, lustrous material B vi-
46-inch silk and wool French "Crepa
Eolienne" 4^
We have also opened a full line of
ENGLISH SICILIANS and SILK FINISHED
MOHAIRS in black and colors.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OP ABOVE GOODS.
HI, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POSTiTREET.
Groceries
Cocoa— Van Houten's Silicon— Silver Polish 4 for 25
rWI'y I Ib 25c i Ib 50c 1 Ib 95c Reg'ly 3 for 25c
Special 20c 40c 75c Briliiantshine— Metal Polish
Cocoa— Epp f s~Reg'ly 22#c 20 Regl'yi ptl2ic, qt 40c-special 10 & 30
Salt— Table and Cooking— Alcalde Sausages— Frankfurters 30
RtzVy 10Ib20c 60ib60c 4-in can— imported 2 for 55c
Special 15c 45c regl'y 35c can
German Lentils-3# lbs 25 Figs-Smyrna , 20
SuFy 10c Ib Good— wholesome— regl'y SOc lb box
Shredded Wheat Biscuits 10 Currant Jelly-pneidaCom'ty 20
Rezl'v 124c nkee * lb °f currant juice and granulated
t i /t u\ f«- u t sugar— regl'y 25c jar
junke Tablets-Hinson's p inea pp le _ Grated 20
Retry lOcdoi $1.20- 3for25c H awaiian-for fruit ices- 2.25
dorwc cakes reg'Iy 25c-f 2.75 dot
Old Virginia Sweet Pickles Lima Beans— Warwick 15
and Relish Extra fancy— fresh flavor 1.55
Hpt dot pt do« Regl'y 20c— $2-00 doz
§&21 i SS £ < i8 Bovril-Fiuid m§Mmg
_ cpcuai Strengthening, soothing— 4 oz 50
CaperS— Capotes— reg'ly 20c 1& Regl'y. 35c and 65c jar
Durkee's Salad Dressing Candles— Stearine 1.15
¦mtu dor Urge do* Self-fitting ends, elves dear steady ¦
Regl'y SOc $3.50 50c $5.50 light-regfy $1.40. J: $1.50 box of 6 lbs
Spedai 25c 2.75 40c 4.50 Sizes 6 and 12 to the lb
Worcestershire Sauce-p££s Orange Marmalade 2254
»<pt <i<w pt dor qt dor Keiller's| made of Seville 2.55
Regl'y 2oc J2.90 45c $5.25 75c f 8.50 oranges— regl'y 25c jar, doz 2.85
Special 22Jc 2.70 40c 4.75 70c 8.00 ~r-
r\ i^ c r fl | flnf c^i r 1= Crystallized Ginger 10
Durkee'S Celery Salt 15 * TropIcaJ Wholesome confection 1.00
Regl'y SOc bot . i-lb can-regl'y 15c, doz $1.75
Prunes— California Night LightS-Pope's Head-5 for 25
20 to 30 prunes to the lb regl'y- 20c 15c 90 lights— each burn 8 hours 90
25 Ib box regl'y $ 4.00 3 00 R eg p y 10c box— 1.10 doz
BO to 40 prunes to the lb regl'y 15c 12Jc * y ,-
25 ib box reg'jy $3.00 2.50 Pea Beans— 6 lbs . 25
We have special express rates for Clean white selected stock
sending boxes of fancy fruits of Cali- Regl'y 4 lbs for 25c
forniafcast. Tr^rLrprc
Uleniieia btarcn Boston— regl'y ' 12Jc 30c 80c
« .. \} h J°L «V b -o d -°A "¦ special 10c 25c 65c
Rfgl'y . 15c $1.50 25c $2.o0 p retre l e tt c s 15c 35c $1.15
i pec^,u J^ c Vk° ** 2l2 ° " special 12Jc SOc . 1.00
Box 2o lbs, 20c per lb Frisco Lunch 123c 25c 1.15
Used in the laundries of the Royal «« S pecial 10c 20c 90c
family of England. Ginger, lemon, raspberry! straw-
Oneida Community— N. Y. State berry.vanlllawafers-regry 25c can 20c
Huckleberries, strawberries, black- . Stuffed Dates— regl'y 25c box 20
berries-regl'y 25c tin 20 Stuffed with nut meats
Red pitted cherries— regl'y 30c tin 25 n • r» j
Pnvan n *r. 19U Raw O" 10 " Powder 20
Koyan baraines— d.&g. 12 % . R eg r v 2 5c bot-for sbu P flavoring
Royans a PVatel— Bordelaise— 1.35 _,**-,_ , \ 6 ,
Pdntinaire— regl'y 15c— doz $1.75 Golman S English MUStard
Babbitt's 1776 Washing g? g r y 20c SS eoc $&
Powder • 8 Pkgs" 25c Special 15c 25c 50c 2.00
: Regrv '6 for 25c case 3.00 Meals . - 10 lb ,. ck
case 100 pkgs $4-00 Corn Mca *, , wh , te w . ™g
Pearline Washing Powder Corn Meal extra ?yellow 40c SOc
Regl'y ¦Mc-ll.aOdS 3 for 25 Hominv, Pearl Grits 50c 35c
„ .*/, ..*.. , ..... ° Homlny,small 45c 35c
Horllck'S Malted Milk Rolled Oats . 50c S5c
•m«n medium hoipiui " Wheat « 40c 30c
Regl'v 40c 75c $3.00 rn^o ;
Spedai 35c 70c 2.85 Ukra_ R eg |» y 20c tin 15
Arrowroot-Taylor's Bermuda Jc^teJ^f] W. I making
Rtg y< *!'S 2^ t? $5<5 2 Pa sha Blend Coffee . 30
special 12ic 1.30 20c 2.25 35c 4 15 First class-Regl'y 35c Ib 2 lbs 55
Nestle's Food 2 cans 75 Mi , nl . q,..,,^ .„ ,
r Reg'ly 40c-to dose out Maple Syrup^-Ha^enV
' Toilet Ammonia 25 WY &c .75c $i?50
Greers violet and lavender-2 for 45 W*™ 35c 65c 1.10
Regi'y 30c,bot Jamaica Ginger
Lard — Sea Foam — pure leaf ' r^i't specuj
sib« 5 ib» ioib« Brown's — 6 oz - 60c 40c
Regl'y % 45c 70c $1.35 Mitchell's— 6 oz 25c 20c
Special 35c 60c 1 10 HamameiiS-Witch Hazel_ qt 40
Pillsbur/S VitOS^fe 15 Half Pint ISc-pint 25c .
DrA«,,nLl n n r> Heals hurts, soothes skin Irritations
BromangelOn-regl'y 12Jc pkge 10 -Dont you think." ..ked. M ™. oidc.»ti c .
Marvelous Cream Jar 50 'ffi^Ti m^J£!?^£^£;
Hudnut'S, healing tO the most it mightn't b^nythinj bat the pricklyh e .t.»
delicate skin-^-smooth as velvet - American Toi 1 et Sbap-3 ca kes 20
Hoyt's German Cologne 30 ' Re g' Iv 25c box of 3 cakes-doz 75
Regl'y 35c bottle ' Rubifoam— Toothwash bot 17#
House Furnishings
Ironing Board-White Pine Clothes Baskets-oval 1.30
~ rtgry 76? 85? >1 6 .OO regl'y /1.75-rattan
_ spedai 55c 65c 75c Adjustable, Curtain Stretcher.
Flat Irons— Geneva £asel back— movable non-rusting
Nickel pounds 5 6 7 8 9* P«hs-regl'y $2.50 1,95
pitted Reg'ly 40c 45c 60c 60c 65c Sink Strain Pr Vr««m,n K
*•'•¦¦ bottom special 25c SOc 35c 40c' 50c ir *5 tram er— Vrooman 15
Wot her w««poa : " U your wife a dub woman Rcgl V r° C T ¦ eej>S $lnk cIcan * nd
Mike 1? r •: Xinj the yket •• that, §ir ; the use* « waste pipe from clogging
fttiren, tor."— Detroit Frit P.tit. q. _,. A D-.^^U
Irnn WavVr<^_ -,','n Stove B rush-R e gl' y 25c 20
iron waxers-- 10 Curved back-all bristles
Regry-lfc-Makes Ironing less irk- o .... -,, - . . ¦ ... ¦¦';¦¦ ¦-;-¦
: some— waxes and cleans at same time rallSning GlOVC Cl Dauber 10
Clothes Unes— 100 feet 30 Sh «P'$ wool-regl'y 20c dtore mitten)
- RegKy '-Wc-galvanUed wire, won^t Flat Iron. Holder— Asbestos 10
/"^ . 5 inches x 5 Ipches— regl'y 15c
; Liquor Department
Whiskey— Guckenheimer Rye Golden Riesling White Wine
Ten years old-reg'ly $1.45 1.15 dorju 6 g .j.
-full quart— $5.00 gal 4 on . J2.25.. . 14.00 tl.00
..-.,'., - UU special 1.90* . 3.35 65c
Whiskey-oid stock Bourbon ' The Scottish Bard Whiskey
Reg'ly $1.50 bot $15.00 $6 00 Superior Old Highland— DCL •
special 1.15 13.00 4.50 Ballynacree Irish Whiskey
Jamaica Rum— Old Superior Blended by Distiller's Co., Ltd.
<jl dof ml Edinburgh ;•.-,
Reg'ly $1.00 bot $11.00 $4.00 RejrMv «S tf?™
soecial 75c R7K no • ,X * 1 * /o -Ho.W--fl.tO $20.00
special <oc . 8./5 3.00 special 1.00 11.00 1.50 17.00
Sweet Wines— imported Miniatures 125/
Port— Sherry— Madeira Marie Brizard & Roger— regl'y 25c bot
Keg'ly. ll^OObot I1LO0 $4*00 Anh^clf^ W ** "l™^
special 75c - 8.50 \(«
Porter— White Label -1^85 —Distillers Co.; Ltd., Edinburgh
Ale— White label 9 m H if ? h ' an ? CI , u , b Highland Nectar,
A u- u . I . *„ *„ n J , Caledonian Liqueur Killycroy— Irish
Health ton c— reg ly$2and $2.25 doz' DCL Scotch whisky • * ¦
• . * £' :;^x ADVERTISEMENTS. _ _
FOUR BIG 'STORES g^° ffnTc.O.D.)
Quality and Price Sale All the Week
i .The wprld makes way for the
! man who knows where he is going.
David Starr Jordan. *
ijL Candies V 7& E
ShF Chocolates WS;
11 Bonbons Jl |
I .riven Away Free li
Q With jfi
! R :eas, Coffees, Spices
I Baking Powder
I It Pays to j
I Trade at \
Kreat American Importing Tea Co's I
I Stores I
I 861 Market 210 Grant av. MftPbTk B
J 140 Sixth 1819 Devisadero 705 Laxkin &
li 475 Hai?ht 3CC6 Sixteenth V', Hayes E
S 3285 Mission 521 Mcnts'y are. 52 Market F
S 2008 Fillrcore 2516 Mission 14f> Ninth -
g 86S Third 2732 »4th 489 Foqrth V,
Cross babies become good*
hatured babies when fed on
/Mellin's Food. Mcllin's Food
nourishes and pleases. ;
Would you like a tample of MeHln's Food
to try ? You may have ope for the asking.
MELUN'3 FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
TURPIN^
1 ARROW COLLAR 1 *
i'4 IS CENTS, 2 FOR 23 CENTS g
¥j CLUETT, PEABOOY i CO. K
IB MAKERS O« ClUETT ANO MONAftCH SM|*T* E
|ASTHMANOLAj
! la the only extra for Kervona and
: Erraciial ASTHMA.
; Tour Druggist or at 5i«» maIGHT ST..
San Francisco. Cal.
[ ¦ ; — _
I BABWAT'S BEADY SEI.IEP has stoo.
unrivaled beiorc the uuMiu tor Z.o years as ¦
1 Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and qulckl'
> cures all Colds. Sore Throats. InftuenM. Brun
. chltis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internal!
• lor Malaria and all Bowel Cain. All dru^zuu