THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at Sur Praa
eisco for thirty ' hours ending 1
saiani grht, ISr.rch 1 : "% ': *iX-
San Francisco and vlciaJty — .
Cloudy, unsettled weather Tues- "
day, with showers; fresh ccutL"
cast winO. A. O. KcAJ)iE.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 92.
MOSCOW, Feb. 29.— The T$aXrtZ&
Club here" has voted S56.00^<ioT^the
navy, fundland $25,000 .for/' the*' Red
Cross .Society.- A aobaccontpt£ia«Mglv£
en ,2,000,000,5 cigarettes,^an\£ (a^Bugar
runner ; "a "carload of Vugar forxthe^Reol
Cross Society. '¦¦.¦¦'^\'V~' ¦''";/•/ ;' : <",^ Sl >iA''" f^
Cigarettes for Czar's Warriors.
When the. Government receives an
official: report:' of the aid rendered by
the Vicksburg to the Russian /tvounded
it will. exp'ress to the United states Its
formal thanks, i as' in l the case of the
British, French and Italian warships.'
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 29.-rThe
statement of the, commander of the
United States gunboat Vicksburg re
garding the Chemulpo affair - was coni
munlcated to the Foreign Office by a
press correspondent to-day and was
received as a complete and satisfac
tory explanation. Regrets were • ex
pressed that the incident had created
so much' feeling here.
"We had no official advices on the
subject," said an official, "but as the
incident was attracting much attention
here it is a source of gratification to
learn that the statements were not only
untrue, 'but 'that .the Vicksburg was
the first" to render aid. We desire to
preserve, the most amicable relations
with, the. American republic and when
the- truth Is generally known, it will
doubtless go far toward , allaying the
irritation caused by the original re
port."
predominates in the Orient than if Rus
sia is victorious.
The Bonaventure is a third-class
cruiser of 4360 tons. # She is 320 feet in
length, 49% feet beam' and draws 19 feet
of water. She was built at Devonport
and was . completed in 1894, two years
after the launching. She steams 19.5
knots and carries 312 officers and men.
VICTORIA, B. C, Veb'. 29.— It is re
ported here that H. if. S. Bonaventure,
the new flagship of the North Pacific
squadron, en route from Portsmouth
to Esquimau, Is ashore' on the South
or Central American coast, and is in a
bad position on the rocks.
ICEVT YORK, Feb. 29— Clarence H.
lackay, president of the Commercial
'able Company, to-day addressed a
ircular letter to the stockholders of
he company. Inviting a deposit of their
stock for exchange for shares in a trus
teeship created under the laws of Mas
acbusetts under the name of "the
?lackay Companies."
The capitalization of the Commercial
Table Company, which also owns the
I Postal Telegraph and Cable Company,
I s $15,000,000, upon which 8 per cent
I dividends are paid. The Mackay Cora
[ antes have authorized for exchange
y rr 'this stock $30,000,000 par value of
j I a own 4 per cent cumulative preferred
i) hares and a like amount of common
|[ hares, eo that each stockholder in the
I able company will receive for his hold-
H igs 209 per cent in the preferred and
I K) per cent in the common shares of
8 >ie tew concern.
•j Th<? Mackay Companies is an Invest-
II lent trust designed by Mr. Mackay
II o perpetuate the name of his father,
y o jirovide* for the development of the
j ompanies which he founded and- to
',¦¦ afeguard on an even basis with his
¦ mi 1 the Interests of those who have
invested in the enterprise with which
; I ohn W. Mackay was most conspicu
1 ufly identified.
I The trustees, with power to. fill va-
Sarries arising from death or resig
gau. n. are Clarence H. Slackay. John
«5. Waterbury. president of the Man-
W t tan Trust Company of New Tork;
j Jeflferson Cooliidge Jr., president of
A * Old Colony Trust Company of Bos-
J T. both directors of the Commercial
— 4 'ole Company, and William \V. Cook,
j it-el/.'f the company.
J he plan is practically an accom-
I Fhed fact, a larpe majority of the
i maiercial Cable stock already hav- j
9 1 be*-n deposited under the agree
1-nt. The remaining shares will be
irol ;cived for exchange on or before
Iirch 30, 1904. by the Manhattan Trust
S gl mpany in New York and the "Old
Jlony Trust Company in Boston and:
:OSt|»sprs. Baring Bros, in '-; London-j "Ac- j
-Irding to the circular, the first divi-
JOOl^ upon the preferred shares will be
- I !d on April 9. 1904
A. good 'dear of gossip is put into'cir
culation in the diplomatic corps .that
Secretary. Hay especially is bitter to
ward Russia. This is stimulated by
diplomats whose countries are. opposed"
to Russia in the , world of . diplomacy.
Hay's colleagues unite In declaring that
there Is no reason by which the' United
States can be Justly described as, lean
ing toward one side orthe other. There
Is- no use denying that at one time
there was more sympathy 'for .Japan
than Russia, ; but the pendulum is, now.
swinging the other, way; aiii'many'offlj;
cials are taking the vie vr ¦ that this Gov
ernment has less to exiect " if VJaiJin
The news , that Count; Lamsdorff, the
Russian" Minister of. Foreign. Affairs,
had asked j Embassador . McCormick to
convey to Commander Marshall the
high appreciation of the 'Russian Gov
ernment for his humane conduct to
ward the Russian seamen . when the
Variag %*as abandoned created a better
feeling here. : " . . "
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. Feb. ,29.— The Russian
embassy in Washington denies that the
original report charging that Comman
der Marshall of the American cruiser
Vicksburg had refused to rescue Rus
sian sailors at Chemulpo came from
Russia, and says it came from English
sources. It is asserted that Russia
will investigate as to the origin of the
report, believing It was part of a plan
to draw the United States Into the
troubles In the Far East. The Rus
sian embassy does not deny that its
Government protested against the re
ported Inhumanity of Commander Mar
shall, but this -was on the assumption
that the report was true. Neither is
ft denied that' the report created great
hostility toward the United States In
Russia, but this is. said to have been
Just what the English opponents of
Russia desired when they circulated the
statement that Commander Marshall
had refused aid to drowning Russian
sailors when their ships were sunk aft
er an unequal contest in a neutral har
bor. The Russian Embassador .has
no criticism of Commander Mar
shall since his explanation was given
to this Government, but he intimates
that the whole misunderstanding is
part of a scheme of the English press
and English diplomats to create a
breach between Russia and the. United
States.
Epedai Dispatch to The Call.
Bonaventure of the
English Navy
Wrecked.
Millionaire Injured in
a Collision in
Link oi Transconti
nental Line Is
' Inspected.
Special Dispatch to Tha CalL
LONDON. March 1.— The Telegraph's
Shanghai correspondent cables that the
Russian gunboat Maridjur's position is
unchanged. The Chinese report that
the Japanese Minister in Peking has
again threatened , that if the Mandjur
were not disarmed a Japanese cruiser
would enter the port and sink her.
The Russians continue to contend
that the Japanese lost two destroyers
in last Wednesday's attach on Port
Arthur. ;tV- - >'.;^^
VIENNA. Feb. 29.— The Zelt pub
lishes a St. Petersburg dispatch stating
that the Czar himself desires to go to
the Far East, much against General
Kuropatkin's wishes. .
The newspaper says this statement is
confirmed by an Sxalted military
authority, who declares the ' Russian
Emperor is anxious to maintain the
fighting traditions of his ancestors and
is convinced of his own ability. Be
sides, he desires by his presence to en
courage his troops and to check dissen
sions among his chief officers.
Immense demonstrations for and
against Russia took place at Prague
yesterday. A mob shouting "Down with
Japan, England and America" attacked
Ger" n students. Czech socialists or
ganized a counter demonstration and
the police, with the greatest difficulty,
prevsnted. a conflict between the mobs.
JAPAN NOT SEEKING
TO NEGOTIATE LOAN
IN THIS COUNTRY
Stwetal TMspateh to Tho CalL
AUSTIN. Texas, Feb. 29.— The E»
Paso and Southwestern Railroad,
which is now owned by Phelps, Dodge
& Co., may pass into the hands of the
Goulds and be used to form an impor
tant link. in a southern transcontinen
tal line of that system.
It 'was learned to-day that George
Gould went out of his way on his pres
ent trip to the Pacific Coast to travel
over every mile of the. El Paso and
Southwestern between El Paso and
Bisbee, Arizona, including its branches,
and that he made a careful Inspection
of the property as well as of the min
eral resources of the country through
which it passes.,.
Thi3 road Is more than 600 miles long
and Is the only road on the continent
which -crosses the great divide on a
grade of less than one per cent. It has
been persistently reported for some
time that the Rock Island was "negoti
ating for the, El Paso and Southwest
ern. It is now said that such a deal
was in progress at one time, but that It
has been broken off and that it is al
most certain that the road will pass
intovthe hands of the Goulds and will
be extended west to the port of San
Diego, .Cal., where land and port and
terminal facilities have already been
purchased by Phelps. Dodge & Co. The
road connects with A he Texas and Pa
cific, a Gould road, at El Paso.
Special .IMspatch to Th« Call.
HAVANA,- Feb. 29.-rJames L. Breese,
the millionaire artist and automobilist
of New York, was seriously injured
and Honore Laine, who was, at one
time threatened with death for mak
ing public certain letters from General
Weyler, saying that v -the latter had
prepared Havana harbor for, the bat
tleship Maine; was perhaps fatally In
jured to-day in • an . exciting automobile
race between reveral millionaire Amer
ican and; Cuban, contestants,' including
"William K. Vanderbilt and members of
the W.S* ward Webb family. ,
The Breese party, including William
K. Vanderbilt and two other men in
a Mercedes, • was immediately behind
the Laine motor, when a terrific crash
occurred. Racing witl. the speed of
locomotives, : four „ machines were
rounding a sharp bend In the road just
this side of the little Cuban city, when
three : mounted • policemen . were • seen
riding in an opposite direction.
The big Daimler of forty
veered sharply '{to the 'side of the road
and 'after running for nearly ; 500 yards
on -_ practically two. wheels, 5 : toppled over
and ! spilled the occupants" do'wri a steep
embankment. So, close r. together were
the four s - racing' motors _that the yah
derbllt-Breese party, ..with: Breese guid-'
ing' the monster jmachlne,, crashed into
the|Laine*mbt6r. ! Vanderbilt waVbnly
slightly, bruised. , ; ;,
Cruiser Disembarks ; Slarlnes.
COLpN/rFeb.;29.j^TheJUnited States
cruiser Prajrie'* has] returned" to \ Colon
f rom'Cuba; .where shV"disembaVke.l ; the
United . ' States V. marines ;';~ taken ;"! from
here? It Vis, 'expected; the of
the martrt'es ; on .the) islands ".will 'shortly
embarkTbn J the jPrairie^ 1 ¦••:¦'¦¦ ;-_• «v
.'.NEW -YORK,' Feb. 29.— Japanese Con
sul General Uchida of this city said to
day after receiving a cablegram from
J. Komura, Minister of Foreign Affairs
at Toklo: > - •
"""lam: authorized to : . state . that the
Japanese Government has no intention
¦whatever of. /raising any loan. in the
United ; States, "and the .rumors to_ the
effect 'i that represents ti ves of ¦ our ' Go v
ernment are sounding New York bank
ers-as • to i the . possibility • of negotiating
W loan ; here are absolutely unfounded."
Britain Fortifying Victoria.
SEATTLE, Feb. 29. — England la
hurrying supplies, guns and ships to
Victoria and plans to make the capi
tal ¦>' of British Columbia a Western
Gibraltar. These preparations for de
fense have^been long in progress, but
it " is only' since the war in the Orient
began, with- the possibility that Ens*
land rpay become involved,^ that the
work has been rushed with energy.
Legacy for Preacher's -Wife.
..; ST.v LOUIS.; Feb. ; 29^-The^vif e f of ; the
itlrierantTMetnodlst -pfeacheiv" the ; Rev.
J. JPickettfof | Fentoni; -? Mo;, has f fallen
heir i to"! $500,000 jUhrough^ttfe'/deatn^ of
Mfi.f Charlottej^. ; S. i Miller,
In : the island "of f Jamaica, ;. who died i last
Professor* I Iarpcr_, Goes to a Hospital.
-r CHICAGO.'* Feb. 29.— Professor W.
R. , Harper., of -the. University of Chi
cago !' was '-taken "'to the "Presbyterian
Hospital for the , purpose of
unCergoiivs an operation for. appendl
o '\~ \ 1 ¦ ¦ -
Piljfrims Visit Scrnphln's Shrine.
XI JNI NOVGOROD, Russia, Feb.
29.— Reports from Saraoff, province of
Tamboff . j say .-, that ,-. pilgrims from va
riousl parts ' of Russia st - are .'arriving
there: to solicit, the Intervention of
Saint ; Serabhin iii behalf ! of their rel-
Clarence Mackay to
Perpetuate Fath
ers Name.
Czar Nicholas Eager
to See Service
at Front.
Fomenting Discord
Between America
and Russia.
RAILROAD
IS WANTED
BY GOULD
VANDERBILT
IS HURLED
FROM AUTO
FLAGSHIP
PILES UP
ON ROCKS
MILLIONS
ARE TO BE
EXCHANGED
Japanese May Sink
the Mandjur at
Shanghai.
British Suspected of
Circulating False
War Reports;
A dispatch from Chef u to the Stand- "
ard, dated February 29. says a Jap-'
aneee cruiser and a torpedo boat en
tered that harbor without lights at ,1
o'clock on the morning of the 29th and
It is believed they embarked : the Jap
anese who took, refuge there after the
attempt to "bottle up" Port Arthur.
A' correspondent of the Times at
Welhaiwel, cabling under- date of Feb
ruary 29, says:
"A Japanese -fleet was seen off ; the
Shantung coast this morning.*jgj££gs838|
, A" Toklo correspondent , of ' the * Times
'cables, that the steamships 5 sunk -by
the Japanese* dn el therrslde of the Rus-'
sian . battleship! Retvizan 'at* "Port Ar
"thtK^practlcally, obstruct the entrance
tq^the^bai-bor. 1 ' - "¦'¦'' " ".'. ¦"
_. TIENTSIN.'' Feb. 29— Twenty-five
Ijundre'd- Russian [troops are reported- to*
! riav«t reached i the :Yalu River arid two
'v^T ftntjniied ; on , Pojes .2- CoInmn^S.^'
A dispatch from Shanghai to the
Dally Graphic says the Russians are
transferring the guns from the dis
abled ships at Port Arthur to the forts
there.
REFUGEES PICKED UP.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily Express says it has been offi
cially announced that the Japanese
mail boat service between Shanghai
and Japan will be resumed on Satur
day without naval escort. . Many al
leged dispositions of the opposing forces
are published this morning, but they
differ too much in detail to be of any
great value.
According to a report from St. Pe
tersburg, a body of Cossacks from the
South Ussurl Province, with quick
firing guns, is advancing along the east
coast; of Korea to prevent the landing
of the mr' - ' Japanese army, and. the
comment is made that possibly the
landing afPossiet Bay may have been
made with the intention of. attacking
this force. -
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 29.— An un
confirmed rumor is current here this
evening that two Russian battleships
and a torpedo-boat have been sunk at
Port Arthur.
LONDON, March 1.— The pause, in
the war operations in the Far East
has been broken by another Japanese
attack on Port Arthur, of which only
a brief .account is yet at hand. This,
report, however, shows a repetition of
the now familiar tactics of Japan, and
it is presumed that this attack was
made in bad weather, previous tele
graphic advices having reported a se
vere gale raging at Port Arthur. As
usual, the Japanese did not remain
long enough off the harbor to enable
the. gunnera at the fort to get their
range. Again at this time the three
cruisers — the Bayan. the Askold and
Novik — came out to meet the attack
and this suggests that either they were
the only effective ships there or that
the larger battleships were unable to
get out.
No news is published here this morn
ing of operations or movements other
than af Port Arthur.
MAIL SERVICE RESUMED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RUSSIA'S; GREATEST /DESTROYER OF TORPEDO-BOAT- DESTROYERS— THE CRUISER NOVIK— REPORTED
TO HAVE BEEN. DISABLED BY'SHELLS FROM THE JAPANESE FLEET DURING THE LATEST AT
¦< TACK UPON "PORT ARTHUR.! ; . "
TARGET PRACTICE OF THE S'EW- RUSSIAN- -TORPEDO-BOAT FOREL, ONE OF THE SMALLER WAR
CRAFT PARTICIPATING IN THE DEFENSE OF PORT ARTHUR AGAINST 'THE 'POWERFUL JAPAN
ESE FLEET UNDER THE COMMAND OF ADMIRAL TQGO. '-' ¦ ¦••..- 1 • %
Fact That Only Thr^e Russian Cruisers
Wtv/e in Actioif Ma? ; Hean J%d: %
others Are Disabled.
Fleet Retires Before the
Port Arthur Gunners
Get Its Range.
Delivers an Attack
ipHilil
w q npifirp
TOGO DEALS
HARD BLOW
TO THE FOE
YINKOW, Feb. 29.— Fifteen Japanese warships appeared at Port Arthur at 10 o'clock this morning and
opened a furious bombardment, which continued until If ip' clock. The cruisers Novik, Askold and Bayan, with four
Iqrpedo boats, steamed out to meet the attack, but were -forced, to retire. The Askold was in a sinking condition
and the Novik badly damaged. A torpedo boat was sunk and the Retvizan was again damaged. The bombardment
lasted two hours and the Japanese fleet withdrew in-perfect order. Russian artillery has proceeded to Pigeon Bay.
Special Cable to The Call and New-York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the New York Herald Publishing Company.
JAPANESE DISABLE TWO RUSSIAN CRUISERS
AND SINK TORPEDO BOAT AT PORT ARTHUR
Aleaxar— "Mi«a > Ho!jt>ar. > 'V ;
California — "Sag Harbor.** ~"^
Central— M A Break for Liberty."
Colum'bia, — "The Old Bost
- stead."
Chntes — Vaudeville.
Pischer's— "Soly-Poly."
Grand— "HiU» of California."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli— -"The Oypey Baron."
V ¦ ¦ -.
TBS THXATEKS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1904.
The San Francisco CallJtchlng.'; Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Plies
Toun , druggist :. will :j refund*/ ¦ money i if p a2 o
Ointment fails to cure you in 6 to 14 day's. 60c»
A Guaranteed Cure 1 for; Piles.
; The old riegresses - of San Juan,'
Porto Rico, whosell "vegetables in the
markets,' smoke long, black 'cigars, and
theyTsome* them' with': the* lighted ends
in ; their' mouths. J;V- .
PARIS, Feb. 29.— Vice Admiral Bayle,
in command Of the French Far East
er.n squadron, has cabled to the Min
'ister of Marine" that Russia has char
tered a ship to go to Saigon, capital
of French Indo-China, to take on
board refugees. It Is presumed, that
these . are - the . Russian , tailors .. rescued
Vy the French cruiser Pascal^ at Chem
ulpo, Korea, and that" it (may involve
'Paul Sutton and Mary.«Garly were
arrested at 2607 California street' last
night by. Policeman Martin and placed
in the tanks at the City Prison. ' - ' They
are supposed. to have been implicated
in a bunko scheme.
3fan and "Woman Arrested.
FRANCE MAY GIVE
PAROLED RUSSIAN
SAILORS FREEDOM
LOXDON, Feb. 29.— Sir William
Vernon Harcourt, Liberal- member of
the House of Commons Jdr the' West
Division of Monmouthshire, has an
nounced his intention of retiring from
Parliament.
HarccJmt Will Resijrn.
". ¦' . » . " ¦ ¦¦
SUEZ. Feb. 29. — The Russian
cruiser Aurora, with five torpedo
boats, has arrived here.
The British coal-laden steamships
EttrickdfJe, from Barry, . February" : 3;
for Sabang, and Frankby, from Barry,
February 3, for Hongkong, and -the
Norwegian steamship Matida, -from
Penarth, January 3, for Saseb6r'-als6
laden with coal, captured by the Rus
sian squadron In the Red Sea, have
been released by order of the Czar.
. The cruiser' Aurora and some of the
Russian torpedo-boat 1 destroyers have^
entered .the canal. "Y j
MITISH STEAMSHIPS
ON CZAR 'S ORDER
Increase In Ocean Passenger Traffic.
The annual-statement of the Landing
Agent o? the port of New York shows
an increase of 21,428 in the number of
first and" second class passengers ar
riving at New York from Europe dur
ing the year" just clo.sed and an increase
of 68,683 in the arrivals of steerage
passengers. The North. German Lloyd
Bremen service brought the greatest
number of steerage passengers dnring
the year, a total of- 89,503, with 89 voy
ages of ships, as against 81,074 passen
gers last year, with SB. sailings. The
Bremen steamers of the North Ger
man ¦ Lloyd also .brought over- $2,184
cabin passengers during the year, as
against 24,588 in 1902. The Hamburg
ships . of the Hamburg-American line
in 84 voyages .brought over 88.728 steer
cge an(J =22.702 cabin passengers, as
against 84,21*5 steerage and 20,106 cabin
passengers in 1902. The Red Star, as
usual, comes third in the list with 54,726
steerage passengers and S§66 cabin pas
sengers.' The -influence of the' larger
ships of last year is shown in the rela
tive'increases in number of passengers
carried over number of yoyages.-r-Rail
way Gazette.
THE' HAGUE, Feb. .29. — The pro
test of the Japanese Minister against'
th<» remarks mad.e by Muravi*ff, presi
dent of Uie Arbitration Tribunal and
Russian Mjnister 'of. Justice,- in the
speech" which he made on February
22" after annou-nclng the tribunal's de
cision in .favo'r' of the blockading
powers- as against Venezuela, says:
"The Government of Japan, con
vinced that the.' permanent Arbitra
tion Qourt cannot properly be used as
a means of attacking the 'action, mo
tives or good name of a power signa
tory t<» The* Hague convention of 1899,
protests formally and seriously, both
in defense . of "its honor and . dignity
and to prevent further misuse of this
high court, .against the issulting re
marks of MAMuravieff. concerning the
Jap'anese Government. Japan'further
requests th6 "insertion of thl3 protest
on the minutea^of the court and that
it be given publicity equal to that
given to the remarks which called it
out."
TEXT OF JAPANESE
PROTEST AGAINST
MURAVIEFF'S SPEECH
Snowstorms are - raging here and. the
frost .is- intense. The railroad is workr
ing perfectly and troops are' arriving
uninterruptedly. . Their health and
spirits are excellent. :;'•=;
¦ MYSSOWA; Siberia, Feb.. .2 9.— Gross-,
ing over Lake Baikal for those not
going -b'y the. ice railroad is comfort-,
ably organized.. At "every seven versts
are warm- barracks, with tea and hot
food for the soldiers', who easily march
over in one- day,* the baggage and. food
haying been conveyed by horse draw
ing trucks. ' ' .
In. the middle of the lake" are stands
arid refreshment -rooms for'ofilcers. and
civilians driving across in sleds.
Telephones" ecmnect .the barracks, with
the. shore -stations: The weather" is.
fine, but very cold.' • '• .
"HARBIN,"- Manchuria, Feb. 2dt. — This
town I'd quiet" and the Chinese are
working willingly, providirrg food for'
the Russian" community and collecting
cohsiderable sums' for the hospital
trains which are being prepared. The
'women.- sit up tiigiits working^
- . ~ .- « : «
" "LIAOYAtfoV. Feb. 29.°.—: General
/ Mteht,che'n'koi ".with . a detachment ; of
mounted 'Cossacks,- has reached Kas.h.
anja,- Korea, and. is expected to arrive
at Ichio Yang to ? day. His- men and
horses arc, in, good cppditjpn and he is
well supplied .with • provisions'. The
Korean, officials- are fleeing.' from the
places -traversed and are informing
the Japanese of the approach of the
Russians.
The Cossacks, have seized the tele
graph line in Northern Korea. A
Japanese.- major an-d five, men, cap
tured by' Cossacks at Wiju, have been
brought to Lia.oyang. •' :
•' The concentration of Chinese Jro.ops
westward of Mukden, in the district
of Gubantsa, is not relished by the
Jtussians. War material is being
brought' up and- the military posts are
beinig strengtheped. It is. doubted if
the at'titude of the population cart.be
relied on. The people at several points
refii.se to sell produce to' ' the "Rus
sians. ' '."
regiments of mounted infantry with
artillery -h'ol'd the mountain passes;
same thirty-five miles south of Wiju.
'¦¦'¦- ¦••'" • •'. ?— : * ' .
COSSACKS SEIZE
NORTHERN KOREA
TELEGRAPH LINES
Continued From Page i. Column 4.
When it \yas found that the scheme
"was. a failure Jhey d.ropped anchor and
.the crews crowded into the remaining
boats. They then blew up the steam
shin?." A strong wind and the glare of
the lights prevented the men reaching
the "torpedo flotnja, a'nd at 'daylight
they were-out of sight of trie fleet, hav
ing been -driven in an easterly direction
by the wind to the Miaotao Island's,
which they reached the same evening.
The. boats did not land together, but
the men found one ano}.h°er on the'isl
ands.= They chartered a junk, in which
they went to Tungchow. TIjey walked
forty "miles to Chefu, going" two days
Without food.
The Japanese sailors, on landing
hero" shaved their heads, as a mark" of
the disgrace they fe°lt at the failure of
tlielf project. The°crew of "the Jinsen
Maru wrote their names- on the fore
most flag,, which remained above water
.when that vessel wont down. •
The Twenty-nin^h Japanese. Infan
try, occupying Pingyang, midway be
tween", SeouK and the Yalu River, on
"Sunday met a body of Russian cavalry
scouts north of Pingyang and drove
them" back*. ¦"
CHEFU. Feb. 28.— The twenty-nine
Japanese, sailors 'th^t arrived here on
Saturday # were-from the Jinsen.Maru
and the Bushiu, two 'of the five mer
chant vessels withwhich. Admiral Togo
attempted^ to bjock the entrance to
Port Arthur an the mor'ning of the 24}.h.
Lleutenaat Saito commanded the Jin
sen Maru and Lieutenant .Tarisaki the.
Bushiu. Each steamship was manned
by thirty, men. " . ' » . -
One man pf Lieutenant- Saito*s; e ct)rtT
manG was. killed -white'lowering a boat
on the Jifisen . Maru." Tho' details o.f
how the'steamship.s were ta"ken into the
entrance to tbe hanbor and sutik are
beinff withheld 'by the eeilors, but Lieu
te.nant Saito said that they got so close
to the Russian battleship Rotvizan
that t>ad they been arme.d with rifles
they could have hred iptoiher crew.
SURVIVORS TELL
OF THE FAILURE TO
BLOCKADE CHANNEL
The interpellation finally • was ad
journed, by 32S to 251 : votes-. This un
usual .Government majority is looked
upon as being favorable, to the avoid
ance .of a war debate. • " • <•
•Premier Combes insisted the inter'pel-.
lation be postponed. . He -declared the-,
navy was ready to fulfill" every- re'r
quirement. . He- added that the " Gov-
ernment 'had .assumed full rcsppnsi-.
billty- for' this declaration. As it was
a question beyond that which any one
Minister' could answer, he asked' for
a postponement, not through any fea.r
as ta/the results," bat because the.op
position ivas: trying' to' force a^debate
on the entire range, of exterior .ques
tions-. THe Government' did not Con
sider the moment •opportune for such a
discus.sion. "
During -Ihe debate Jaurez (Socialist)"
caused a co-mmotion by ehoiiting to.
Ribot (the former President): "Do you
want to declare war?" . "
the .question of the propriety of their
being turned over .to Russia. ' " .
. There was an exciting debate" in the
Chamber of ; Deputies to-day on the
proposed Interpellation by Firman
Faure (Nationalist) on the measures
.the Minister of.. Marine proposes -lo
•adopt "to assure the. national defense.
The" deputy bitterly assailed ".Marine."
Minister Pelletan "and sought to'-opjen.
!the entire question 'of . the Russo-Jap-"
anese war.- "..'.. " .' •.-'.''
"PARIS, March 1. — The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Echo de
Paris 'confirms th°e report that the
Russian squadroii. under " Admiral
Wireus (whidh. was last reported' in
the-* Red Sea) is returning ''to Libau
ar>d says it : will* remain in the Baltic
until June. ?!
"Unless vi-gorous steps are taken to
•trffset continued statements -of the Brit
ish press that the ."American Govern*
ment is. hostile 'and the exploita-tion.o°f
every incideht that can arouse mutual
distrust .and hatred our merchants and
manufacturers may as wetf leaire this
field, to -the Germans, who know how
to profit by this alleged, hostility." ' '
• • Russian' Squadron llcturning.
CHICAGO, Feb. 29.-T-A cablegram
Was Veceivedr in this city, to-day indi
cating th.e attitude of Russia" in a com
mercial sense toward the United States."
The message was- sent* to Chicago by
Thomas .Smith, American -Consul .a-t
.Moscow, and., was directed -to a busi
ness house in this .city. The, message
was as follows: • ¦ ' :•'• : "~- '!¦ '•"¦ -;v" * •'-"
FALSE REPORTS
DISASTROUS TO
AMERICAN TRADE
'. The, Czarina is untiring. In her "efforts
to .provide' comfort for the troops going
lo the Far East and far the Red Cross
Society. A well-organized department
is now working at the^ Hermitage, ad
joihing. the "Winter. Palace, whero pat
terns and "material for every kind of
warm clothing are. issued to ladies to
•take home and. make up.. The American,
English -and other ladies are enthusi
astic in this work. The greatest suc
cess was scored by the ypung Czarina
in the. opening of the exhibition of his
torical art objects at orf e .of the mu
se-umshere, the proceeds of . which will
go to the Red Cross Society. Tickets
were Sold by the Princess Belozosky,
mqther .of Princess Serge Belozosky,
-who was a Miss Whittler of Boston,
and other ladies of high rank. The
tickets nominally cost $2 50, but many
persons paid much more. State; Secre*
tary P&lovtzoff, 6ne of the richest men
In St. Petersburg, paid JSOOO. • Their
Majesties and diplo'mats, members of
the -higher nobility, and all the. fash
ionable-s"et were present. • '¦'.'¦•:
-A, further consignment of guns and
ammunition was dispatched hence to
•the- Far East to-day. All the churches
are filled with soldiers offering up their
devotions :ptior to their departure for
the . Far 'Eas.t. • i - r "
• ' ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 29. — The
Courier de. Tientsin says that, ift spite
of vJapanpse. measures to' conceal their
losses. It is known that the battleship
Yashlma and the armored cruisers
Asa*ma ond-Tpklwa have been towed
to .ICagasaki- to repair the damage they
h,ave sustained. .
GIVES THE NAMES
OF THREE DAMAGED
JAPANESE WARSHIPS
Admiral Togo Disables Russian
.; . Ships at> Port Arthur. .
BERLIN, Feb. 29.— Count von Bulow,
the imperial Chancellor, began a speech
in the Reichstag to-day by saying he*
had left his Pick room, in obedience to a
telephone call informing him that Herr
Bebel, ..the Socialist leader in the
Reichstag, was going to make a "thun
dering speech."
This statement apparently reflects
the importance which the Ministry at
taches to the Socialist attack on the
Government arising from the activity
of Russian police agents in Prussia
against Russian subjects who are sus
pected of leing anarchists. The discus
sion of this matter was resumed in the
Reichstag to-day before crowded gal
leries.
Herr Bfbel and Herr Haas (Social
Democrat) reiterated substantially the
charges they made on January 19, and
the Socialists offered a resolution ask
ing for th« denunciation of the existing
treaty of extradition between Germany
and Russia. To this Herr von Kardoff,
the Conservative member, replied that
It would be an unfriendly act, infring
ing on neutrality, to make such a de
mand upon Russia under the existing
circumstcnc.es.
Herr li?bel read a statement made by
Russian students protesting against the
Imputation of Foreign Secretary Rich
thofen that they were anarchists, and
asserted; that the Government was
going sojfar in Us subserviency that It
was undermining the honor and. dignity
of the country. ¦.-,'•» ¦
"No hMf way decent man," he de
clared, 'Van defend the maintenance of
the present treaty."
Count jvoh Bulow asserted a second
time that the activity of the Russian
agents tyi Prussia was confined exclu
sively tiward anarchist suspects. No
Innocent foreigners were molested in
Germany. .-He referred to the recent
declaration by Slav students as 4m
pertinent and' asserted, amid loud ap
plause from the Rightists, that he
would like to expel such students from
German}. . &}7x-&
Herr Haas said Germany's present
attitude toward Russia was a shame On
civilization..
• Dr. Schoenstadt doubted the sincerity
o* the Socialist assurance that litera
ture smuggled into Russia was harm
less and not of anarchist tendencies.
He said the fact that documents had
been shipped about the country labeled
"shoes" and that such a package was
found near Tilsit, which, the shipper
said, came from the office of the Voer
waert3. This made a singular Impres
sion.
V.on Hammerstein denied that Rus
sian agents exercised functions belong
ing; exclusively to the Prussian police.
Baron von Richthoefn said:
"As. the United States Government
has prohibited the immigration of an
archists, we also intend to keep these
people at arms' leneth."
Herr Bebel recited an instance where
two Russian spies were flogged In Paris
upon being discovered in an assembly
of Russian students.
"They seemed to have no appreciation
In Paris," said he, "for such dirty work
a3 .is tolerated and indeed boasted of
In Germany. There Is still "so much
of the. old spirit of the lackey In the
German" character." :
• • .ibiihu Root served as Secretary of
War at a great pecuniary sacrifice.
His salary as a Government official
was- a mere drop In -the bucket com
pared ta what his income as a corpora
tion lawyer would ha've been. Mr.
Root had' been in the. Cabinet about
two months when he received a letter
from": some people he had represented
in a big suit to break a will where a
couple of million dollars' were involved.
He won the case for his clients, and
the. letter 'contained a check for his
services. The check, was for $125,000.
Mr. 'Root received $8000 a year as a
Cabinet" officer. ; :
.As soon as it was announced about
.twp. months' ago that Mr. Root would
l?ave the War Department on Febru
ary 1 letters began to pour In on him
asking for his legal services. Retain
ing fees were forced on him before he
even had a chance to talk with persons
who sought to- engage him. This thing
kept up to the day he left the War
Department. Of course, he was
obliged to turn down many of the of
fer's he received, and it is safe to say
that he could have taken on enough
work that came unsolicited to keep
him busy for the next two or three
Years. ¦
Mr. Root's prestige as a lawyer has
been immeasurably enhanced by his
services at Washington, and he ¦will
be able to pick, the very cream of New-
York's legal business.— Chicago Tri
bune.
Root Lost Money in Washington,
TOKIO. Feb. 29. — The Korean court
has donated J 100.000 to the Red (Cross
hospital fund. The Ministers of the
United States and Great Britain in
Seoul are favorably inclined to the
Japanese-Korean protocol. The Tokio
Government has instructed the local
authorities to extend special protection
and facilities to the Russian Consul
at Fusan. Korea, who is to reach Moji.
Japan, to-nijrht and proceed hence for
Nagasaki, whence he will sail for
home.
Korean Court"*. Gift to Japan.
The State Department has received
a copy, through the Russian embassy,
*<;f the imperial decree fixing contra
band of war during the pYesent strug
gle, precisely as it appeared In the press
dispatches this morning. Relative to
the declaration that rice and foodstuffs
are contraband of war. it is said at
the Siate Department that the desti
nation of such goods must .determine
their character. If they are intended
for cither army they are contraband
and rubjf-ct to seizure. If they are in
tended for. the use erf civilians, except
in the case of besieged towns, they
must not be seized, or If seized they
must be paid for. That is the doc
trine !aid down by the United States
Government in the Transvaal war and
will be upheld during the present war.
Russia has made no prcrtest to the
Government against the granting of
permission to land the cable at Guam.
It is assumed by Washington officials
that if a protest be made it will be
filed through regular diplomatic chan
nels. What action the United States
would take in that event cannot be
foretold, as it would depend entirely
on the circumstances of the case.
IU.ShI.VS PROBABLE PROTEST.
»t t<» ascertain how the United States
v.ould view such an application if it
were made. No decision has been
rei.rhed. although in the light of pres
ent information there is a manifest
disposition to regard ?uch a6 request
as entirely reasonable and proper.
SECRETARY HAVS ARGD3IENT.
It is considered that "the laying of
the cable would be a purely commer
cial transaction and that the granting
of permission for the landing of the
cable at Guam would not violate in
any sense the position of neutrality^
which the United States has assumed
in respect to the Russo-Japanese con
flict. As heretofore indicated. If the
permission should be granted it is quite
likely that the use of the cable, dur-
Jng the progress of the war at least!
might be hedged about by certain con
ditions, but even as to that point no
«2efinite decision has been reached. It
is said at the War Department that
this is the only outlet possible for Ja
pan under the present concessions. The
Great Northern Company, It is said, is
the only company which has cables^
running into Japan, and that Is a Dan
ish company which is under Russian
control, it being ihe land line along
the Siberian Railway to the Asiatic
coast.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 2?.— If an
attempt i*> made to lay a cable from
the inland of Guam to Japan during
the continuance c-f hostilities it will be
repaid< d as i-<>niraband <>f war un
dtr the proclamation promulgated yes
terday. As pointed out to the press,
the proclamation is ppecific on this
I»'im. and it is not believed here that
the I'nitrd States will undertake or
authorize su<n a cable now, as it would
constitute a breach erf neutrality, ac
cordlng to th«* Russian view.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 29.— Thus far
s V .. . -
the United States Government has not
received formally an application from
the Commercial Cable Company to land
a Japanese cable on the island of
Gucm. The Government, however, has
been approached in a tentative way
l>y representatives °f l "e company, fo
The officers who have been desig
nated for this service are Colonel J.
B. Kerr of the general staff; Captain
Carl Relchmann, Seventeenth Infan
try, and Captain George Gatley and
Captain William D. Judson.of the En
gineer- Corns. All are in Manila ex
cept Captain Judson, who is in this
city and who will- leave at once for St.
Petersburg. " :
United' States' Minister Allen cables
the. State Department from Seoul that,
in pursuance of an arrangement he has
made with the \ Japanese' Minister, a
returning transport will bring Ameri
cans from Pingyang, a point in North
west Korea, near' the border of Man
churia. The Americans in Seoul and
vicinity have already- been sent tb the
Philippines. Allen says that Russian
scouts, on arriving at Pingyang yes
terday, were pursued by the Japanese.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 29.— The Rus
sian armv formally has granted the
request of- the U-nited States that cer
tain officers of the Americah'army be
permitted to accompany the Russian
troops and witness their operations in
the war with Japan. Embassador Mc-
Cormick, in .a cablegram informing
Secretary Hay of this fact, say.s- that
the officers cannot join the Russian
army before April 15 of the Russian
calendar.
IRKUTSK,- Russia, Feb. 29.— The
price of horses is rising rapidly. "More
than $40 is now offered, 'while a week
ago ?2D to $25 was the price: This Is
explained by the demand for horses at
Baikal and the probable requisition for
the army.
TIFL.IS, Russian .Trans-Caucasia,
Feb. 29. — The Caucasian Sheik Ul-
Islam has called 'on the Russian Mo
hammedans to defend their fatherland.
He reminded them how they fought
their co-religlonists, the Turks, twen
ty-live year? ago. wt««i
GRAJEVO, Russia, Feb: .29.— The
Hebrew community here crowded .the
synagogue yesterday to pray for" a
Russian victory. The rabbi compared
the Japanese to the Amalekites, "Jthe
memory of whom would be %vlped out."
The congregation raised a popular sub
scription.
MOSCOW, Feb. 29.— A -large repre
sentative meeting of the. marshals,, the
nobility and chief. Government officials
was held here- yesterday to discuss the
best methods of assisting .the Russian
wounded during- the war In the- Far
East. At the .close of the .meeting a
telegram was dispatched* » the .Czar,
expressing unbounded loyalty to him.
He Immediately replied, expressing hk«
heartfelt gratitu.de for .the not)le
thought which Inspired the message
and the sentiments voiced toward-him
self, adding:
"I see in these- expressions tiew tes
timony of a determination on the part,
of the Russian nobles to serve . tHelr
Emperor as they did in former. daya
and to work in common with the sons
of Russia for the welfare *of our dear
fatherland." : '„¦:"':
PLANNING TO ASSIST
RUSSIAN WOUNDED
DURING THE COMBAT
"The most brilliant success of the
State Department has certainly been
the telegraphed ratification of the trade
treaty with Chin*. The Paris Temps
very neatly compares this with a "cus
tom said to be in vogue in the United
States of marriage by telephone. Cer
tainly this new editioti of modern poli
tics has not been much to our taste.
"At the present moment the appoint
ment of American Consuls to various
points in Manchuria is singularly in
appropriate, as Is also the demand to
Russia for recognition of those Con
suls. Having effected that master
stroke, Mr. Hay's next move was to
obtain the neutrality of China and ad
ministrative integrity of the Celestial
empire. We cannot but admit that this
is ahother feather tn the cap of the
United States' Secretary of State.
"At all events, we cannot bUt regret
to note the tone of hostility prevailing
!n Washington. This to a large extent
w ill counteract' a'li friendship that has
hitherto existed between ourselves" and
the United States.- Surely intelligent
Yankees will find it difficult to point to.
a spot where their trade, interests are
being threatened by Russia." • ' /.
The Bourse Gazette says: "There Is
no need for alarm over, the blockade at
Port Arthur. The war will not end
until not a single Japanese is left alive
in Korea. The successes of*, the Rus
sian arms will reassert the interna
tional laws defied by London and
Washington, which have realized Jap
anese subjugation of neutral Korea.; 1 ..
The Bourse Gazette | urges the Gov
ernment to Issue patriotic stamps, Ule
proceeds of which shall go to strength
en the navy, all patriots' letters to
carry an extra kopek stamp, which will
bring In $3,500,000 a year. Tradesmen
also, are invited to affix a kopek stamp
on. every' purchase. Other Independent
contributions are expected to yield $15,
000,000. . np:V \'. •;;;';•
. The Korean Minister here refuses to
believe the reported Japanese-Korean
treaty, which he describes as "an Eng-.
lish invention." He declares the whole'
document is absurd. The Minister has
become a popular figure since he cami>
out as a strong partisan of Rflssla and
gave $25 -toward the fund being raised
to strengthen- the Russian fleet. The
papers are publishing special sketches
and. portraits of the Ministe.r and th«*
legation, both of which were scarcely
known' before the war. 4 *'"'¦' . " . '
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 29.— People
here wonder what the United States
can mean by doing almost everything
passible which can be disagreeable to
Russia at the present time. The Novoe
Vrcmya voice* public sentiment here
by saying:
"Official circles in Washington have
shown an amount of hostility to Rus
sia for which we are at a loss to ac
count. So far we know of no efffense
given by us to the United States. The
Washington Government, however, ap
pears to- lose no opportunity of fixing
upon evidence that can be raked up in
order to show Its ill-feeling toward
Russia. But the sum total .of such
facts can only at best be very insig
nificant.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
II. i .-* 1. 1. Copyright. 1!M>4, by the New York
Herall Publishing Company.'
Believes Breach
of Neutrality
Is Planned.
Czar's v Govern
ment Grants
Permission.
DenounceAid Be
ing Extended
to Russia.
Cannot Account
for Hostile '. .
Attitude.
Japan again threatens tb send warships into the harbor of
Shanghai to sink the Russian gunboat Mandjur, which the Chinese
have failed to drive out. " ;. j .:•; } % y
No news lias come from-. Vladivostok in. a week, wplcli indicates
that not only is the Siberian stronghold blockaded by sea,, but thatl
the. Japanese have cut pPf communication by land.
The report of the commander of the American cruiser Vlcks
burg, setting, at rest the rumors that he refused to succor drowning
sailors from the Russian cruiser Varlag, destroyed by the Japanese
at Chemulpo, has done much to ameliorate the bitter feeling .to
wnrd the United Stales In Russia. The Russian embassy in \Va.«4i->
ington suspects that, the false reports* emanated -from British j
sources and has begun an investigation., --';¦:•..*
It now seems improbable that the present war will; develop -•;
modern naval battle on the open sea, as rhe Russian ships in 'the'
Far -Kast-are at Mich disadvantage numerically that they dare not
risk an engagement away from the protection of land batteries. .
>1 Russia has declared that, should the United .States attempt to
extend the I'ucifie .fable .from Guitm to Japan in order to .prevent
the eom"pletc isolation of Japan from telegraphic communication
during the war, "the cable' will be regarded as contraband and sub
ject to (seizure. It is asserted also Unit Russia will regard the act
as'n breach of neutrality; Secretary Hay takes the -view that, the
proposed cable extension would be purely a commercial -measure and
as" such could give no ofFcnse to the St. Petersbui*g Government,
.Xews of another Japanese a f tack on .Port Arthur comes from
the Manchiirlan port of Yinkow, or Xcwchwang. Admiral Togo's
fleet is credited 'with having sunk a torpedo-boat and seriously dam
aged two of the three remaining cruisers of the Russian fleet fit for
active duty. .The stranded battleship Retvizan, which, since the first
naval engagement," has .been 'aiding; In" the defense of the harbor, her
guns being in position for use, \Vas further damaged. While no con- s
Urination qf this report cairio from either side, It was not .unexpected.
Iliissia has heard that the Japanese were to make a determined ef
fort to capture Port Arthur by March I. .A naval attack was looked
for a« part of the plan to land the troops believed to be on the
transports* with the; fleet'. Confirming the Russian expectation ' of
such a move .is the remarkable atldress of. General Stoessel'tb the
Port Arthur garrison. He warns all to be prepared to tight to the
death, as he will never give the order to surrender. ,\ . .', \ - ..
Russian infantry Is . reported to bo following the Cossacks .south
In Korea. The cailiest. fighting. 14 looked • for . along a Hue drawn
across the country from Pingyang on the. west to (iensan on the
east. *¦•.'..' '¦¦¦¦'.
Czar's New Grie
vance Against
America.
Muscovite Press
Scolds This
Nation.
Americans to Ac
company Slav
Armies.
German Social
ists Attack the
Ministry.
SUMMARY OF THE DAY'S WAR NEWS.
HAY'S CABLE SCHEME INVITES CLASH WITH RUSSIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, TUESDAY,. MARCH 1/ 1904.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Shoop's Restorative
Book I on Dyspepsia Book 4 for Wom*i»
Hook 2 <ai LhV. Heart t - Hr^k « for »I*n >**.i Jed)
Pwk 2 on the Kidneys UogIc € on IthtumaiiVm
Al)he.-pcc!J]r*s Risk;, i
And to Whom Shall I Send It?
That 1* ell I ark — jtiFt a i<n«ial card. Just
the spending of a penny to aid a nick friend.
He or she is your friend— and a stranger to me.
Tet. if you merely tell me hi* nam». I will
rladiy do tbie:
I will arranee v.ith a drursrl't near him ko
h» may take Fix bottle* Dr. Rhoop'n Rentorative.
I ulll let him test it a month to provr what tt
• an do. If It Fucce*-d«, the cost In JVW. , If
It fails. I will par the <irup«r!st myself.
And the hick one's mere word »hall decide It.
•Could I meet you — for even ten mlnutf-* — I
would forever convince you that I have what
there eirk'one* wtA. More than that: I have
th»t without which mo»t of them can never get
well. I wculd overwhelm you with et'idence —
Irresistibly convincing. You would gro away
telliru? all your rick friends &bout it.
Bat I can raect only a few, fo I have put
what I know in ctx books. And 1 take this
means to ask you who needs those books.
fould you meet me. I believe you would will-
ingly take my worfi. But you cannot — so I tali*
>ouri | . I trust to your honesty. Make the test
»t my r!*k. and I will pay. or you can pay,
Jut-t as you deride.
Can rou conceive of a flck one who will r.«-«-
I«*t an offer like that? I tan afford the oiler
because failure* art few. They occur onljr
when there ere causes— like .career — which
medicine cannot cure.
I have furnished my nestoratlve to hundreds
of thcusands tn thle way. and out of each 40
have cheerfully paid— because they got we|.
I pay Jurt a* wiillr. S !y when one eays I have
failed. I don't warn the money of the hopeless.
My ReMoratlve forme the only way to strenjrth-
fn the inside nerve«. It I B my discovery tha
result of a lifetime's work. Instead of doctor-
Init the weai: ot«ans. I doctor Oie caure of their
weakness. I bring the nerve power which alone
make* the vital orpahs act. Th«« is no other
way to make any weak vita] crga* do its duty
long. Won't you write a portal that some kick
friend may learn about a remedy like that?
Write now — to-day. Dr. £boop,' box 8030 Ra-
cine. Wie - ...
Mild catee. not chronic, are often cured with
one or two bottle«. At drumtlstK*.
Which Book Shall ISend
BE. SHOOF'S REMEDIES.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
PAW=PAW
Col. Swaim, or the Government
Bureau of Eng. and Print-
ing, Wash., D. C,Curei
l)u Paw- Paw.
Paw-Paw has cur»><l me. absolute'*", of n*rv-
I ousness and general ln(iN;>osition arising froni
; rheumatism, lonjr-rnntinue.l, anJ serins to have
¦ also curetl the rheumatism.
i I was a great sufferer before I becan to U39
Paw-Paw. One bottle has effected all i thU
and I now feel as well as I ever felt in my; life.
(Slrned) W. T. SWA pi.
Don't let the skeptical stop you from mtiklng
a trial of Paw-Paw to-day. You're tiv^ on«
that !s most interested. ' t
If you have Catarrh. Try it. , 1^.
If you have Dyspepsia. Try it. \
If you are Nervous. Try it. /
If yo« are liescondent. Try tt. /
If you\are weak anil run down. Try 1ft.
Cast away all tonlrs. all medicines. jAfld all
stimulants and let Munyon's Paw-Pa^f rr.aka
you well. It will lift you Into th* hli*h altl-
ti'des of hope and hold you there. It y*IU Jtlve
exhilaration without intoxication.
Sold by all drui^lsts. Lance Njttlem, fl.
Paw-Paw Laxative Pills. 23c a botUfk
SHAVE j
YOURSELF?
It will pay you to !«arn. prPjWhi* yon «se
one of my $2 Razors. ThU «aior Is «Tia»
to any b«ard. no matter fc° w ¦«» « r
¦tumpy. Made of finely teV">* r ' d , "". ei>
will hold Its edge and wlU t^ 1 *> uIL Tou
can't (all to be pleaaed with kt -
I've many other grade* at P* 15 * 9 to eor *.
respond— all sood. dep«ndabi« cutlery. VJ
POCKET KNIVES. In *r.| at »*'»•«»• M 'i
low in price as iiOc. > . „_ A.
SCISSORS that y-su caa p 1 * OB « *** e /l
and u->. • / '
RAZOR STROPS, from 2."^? J?P- -_ T^
Two bars ¦Williams* Sh'\TinJ^P O !I I> i ?
Mall Orders Promptly At;* nde1 t<x '
THAT MAN J?rxrsf S «
T. W. PITTS, Th» Btat7 ontr -
• 1008 Market Street, abor^ *< rw * iL
San FraacUco. \ .
We Challenge the World
To handle fine linen, more carefully t'^an
we do or secure better results in | its
cleansing.
Particular tastes appreciate our efforts
in this direction and that's why tr«>r«
handling the lion's share of this
We're not too bu.sy to handle y^urs.
though, and 'twill require but a ptstal
or a telephone call from you to s4cura
'satisfactory laundering of your llne^.
No saw edges. >
UNITED' STATES LAUNDKyXj
orriCE 1004 maeket stbeet, l<
Xcsr Powell
Phone Sonth 430. ' IN
Hv3tS JW h\« VELOPER and IN-
B w H USB M \3 nral restorer ef lost
strength and visor. It Is the ONLY means
which will expand and develop the organs, used
with our Improved " Perfect " Soluble Medlci-.^d
(Direct Medication)
Crayons, will quickly cure unnatural louses. st!c-
ture, premature decay, prostatic affections, etc
, j- -^. >or VARICOCELE onr IM-
t/7T\h, rltOVKI) DETELOPEB, mm-
112/wV blned with our new patented srS-
\>^Sr PEXSOKT and COMPBESSOR,
only by us), will cure even the
y T worst cases. Don't fall to investiirate this.
J 3 Call or write (br new (copyrighted) pro-
9 81 fusely Illustrated 100-paxe book,"Hea:tl»,''
I Jl for ME> ONI.Y. Bent securely spaled
ajj FBEE. Our physicians are experienced
' JKft and strictly reliable specialists. fee*
moderate. Treatment given oa 10 day**
trial and approval.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.,
6 O'Farrell Street. S. P.
visit DR. JORDAN'S qbeat 1
OF AHATOHr.
b (9 1=" KA22ir ST. t«t- 6:hA7ti, S.r.^1. ( •
\ Hr The Lit yf it Aaatonica! Hvna t> tie
A ' jtiTi Wot Id. Wnkinnt or uy eoatracted #
< 15s )S\ «iH«*i9 ••••••»««T«»r««l) T the«l<Uit '
O f •531 b P eu *"" °" tl>e Cotti. E»t34ye«r». (
A J§ff J 03. JORDAH-OISEASES C? HE.1 (
0 1 f»H TtMtr«ent p«rional!y «r by letter. A i
W 4 if Till i>«lni Ortm«ttrjt«wmi!fn«lit». *
A B ,/ II ft Wr *« toT Boek ' r"UL«Momir •/ .
tf % 1 fl*nnuGK, mailed rasa, (a'
\ J II' nluable book for mm)
9 OR. JOBDA-N «* to .1051 MarkntStiS. r. •
,______^________^— — — — — —
FOR RENT FOR ONE YEAR
In the Montecito Valley, adjoinb
Santa Barbara, the residence of M
I. G. Waterman. Apply to Santa Ba
bara Realty and Trust Company,*
other agents at Santa Barbara. -
A Every Woma
f&SlSma ttW-I^s&^?w58S
SrS^iHft MARVEL Whiffing Spf
5fi5^ tie* and A-*-Jto». Best-/
¦**— "^tV—^* > UO»»m»« lm»u»
Ctt jm «r«p« ftr 9. \S. flSbrm'rdpp^'
]f henirnotsu?V'T «a \lj/'W '.. ' ,O .
MARVKl..acceptno ».. - 'ftf/Zfcr
rther.bot send ttamn for U- \^ / **/^\
foil Mkrtleulant and rtire^tlons in- Pit / m
SteiWa to Udies. MARVEL CO« y^^jIggW
¦extractWant Tobacco 'Tariff Reduced.
WASHINGTON.. Feb. 29.—Secre
tary Taft to-day transmitted to the
House the petition of the Tobacco
Workers' Guild of the Philippines,Isl
ands praying /or a reduction in the
tariff on tobacco. The guild is de
clared to represent 6000 tobacco work
ers. The -petition states that these
Avorkera received, twice the amount of
wages under Spanish rule that thy
do now, the daily wages at that time
being 50 gents. Prices of the neces
saries of life, it is said, have increased
three-fold under American rule.
The horns ofjthe moon always point
away from the (sun, therefore they, are
always directed' upward- in the even-'
inff — — — .^j.
The members of. " the^ constabulary
who revolted at Vigan are all in cus
tody. The arms and ammunition taken
by them have" been recovered and the
troops have returned to their station..
WASHINGTON, • Feb. 29.— General
Wade In a cablegram to the War.Def
partment, dated at Manila . yesterday/
advises the department of a report of
General Wood concerning an engage
ment at Jolo on the 14th! Inst.: with the
remnants of Hassan's Datto; Moros:
The American expedition was in charge
of Major Hugh L. Scott: During 'the
MANILA, Feb.-' 29".— General Leonard
Wood reports, under date of February
15, an engagement, with the Datto
Moros under Hassan on the Island of
Jolo. Lieutenant West and six privates
were wounded. One has' since died. The
Moro loss was heavy. Hassan succeed
ed in- making his escape. His original
force of 3000*. has how been reduced to
fifteen. The island is now under con
trol of the American authorities, and
influential Moros are aiding in the pur
suit of the outlaws*.
Artillery Lieutenant and Six
. Enlisted -Men. Suffer dn a
Battle' in the Philippines
MOROS WOUND
WOOD'S TROOPS
fight, General Wood states, flrini? twice
was stopped to give the Moros a s-hance
to 'surrender, but they declined. ' The
entire body, he adds. with, the' exception
of Hassan are either clead or. captured
and Hassan is iocated. Second Lieu
tenant Eugene R. West, Eighteenth
Battery of Field Artillery, was serious
ly wounded in the thigh. In addition to
Lieutenant West the following also
were 'wounded: .Hurlbut, Troop I;
Fourteenth Cavalry, right side; Hin
derer, Troop I, Fourteenth Cavalry,
shoulder; White, Eighteenth Batter-y
Field Artillery, right knee; Gallaway,
Troop M, Fourteenth Cavalry, right
arm; Cox, Eighteenth Battery Fteld Ar
tillery, shoulder; Hanlfan, T-roop K,
Fourteenth Cavalry, thigh, slight.
Friendly Dattos, states General Wade,
assisted the troops in. the attackr
It is said at the War, Department
that this destruction of Hassan's band"
is a case of retributive justice. Major
Scott suffered at the hands of this fan
atical, Moro. The chief enticed the
major off into the jungle, pretending
to. be friendly, and in ambush shot
him. Since that time. Major Scott has
been< on his trail and now' has "de
stroyed his band. '. J - : • ,--; .
Hassan, Who was a priest; is one of
the irreconcilables. ( -When the navy
was making some surveys a* year ago
off the coast* qf " Jolo, Hassan con
strued the' setting up of survey marks
as an act -of.; hostility and attacked
the troops. He came into General
Sumner's headquarters under'sum
mons, but made his escape and; ever,
since has been at. war./ His; band, is
believed to have numbered 600, and 'if
entirely /destroyed;'; as .^the cablegram
reported, the battle must have* been
bf some ; proportidns. .. • ' : ; r
JMgarton »* pottn^aBti.T. nt I'uyailuj-. W«rK
Fcrfrntl JimIxt'9 Wife Dcart.
SPOKANE, WashV F*b.> 38. He UTM.
Clara \ Mi Hani brd; tv-ife: <*t /United
States District .JudgiC. H.. B'aftford,
dieVi ft t the I>caconcsse s' Ho me to-day.
She had been an invalid' for years. Mr 3,
Ijafc* ord "¦• tvas born • in ; iOIympla, forty.-.
e>veni : .yt ais» > «o. :- ; ;. : Tbexe" are- «ix . *>r-
SflyWg,CihUdTen.vv ¦/-•:•-/¦ .¦.;^ : ;:;-:; : : V^^-r :
• . On account "of Admiral Togo's suc
cesses at. Port Arthur, the" reopening of
the sea to the Japanese merchantmen
and ¦ the- revival of; snipping, the Jap
anese Government. does not -ixpect'that.
it wl!!^ have'f iirther need for the aux
iliary crufsers" America Maru. and. Va
\uata Maru, and . they will" be disarmed
a.nd returned to their owner. Nothing
now prevents 'ihe America Maru re
suming her place on the San Francisco
In ;reganl. to the. "opening" of Wiju.j
:sl\ V'h'r>i. UnitM i9tat*C ATJ.rlst^r; Alien
has. lbng 1 been. pressing, it has been de-.
cided to a-walt- the' formal ahnou'nc'e
ment of the Japanese', Whose "influence*
is now dominant in. Korea. . Japan un
doubtedly '.will -appi-qve, and .this" will"
have'" a significant bearing" on. the "fu--!
tur'e^ of.- Korea, /assuming that Ja.pan
be triumphant.'!'" ' . " : ;?O ¦-*
ijxers. to Resume runsT- 1
TOK1O. T"eb. 291.— As the carnnp*^
progress<w Jt seems that the cfaftiioes
are- gjo\i u4^ ie^s for a great riftefred
bauie <»ti t h^ «p<?n . sea bet weep:» fleets
of rootJ^rn battleships, which the world
has' Umg- avs-»itc«i. .It is believed here
tha-t thf Russians lack the atrengtli to
a E^ume ,-th*' .-.offensive -and that they'
probably win stick to Port. Arthur
doggedly, to await a sea and land in
vestment. Whichever side wins .the
Avar Port Arthur undoubtedly will
cease to be. an .important base. The
•fortification probably will be dismanr
tied, as it -is small and cramped and
its Runs are incapable of insuring pro.
tectio'n. ° 'It is estimated that. the -Rus
sians have 200 guns. o mounted at Fort
Arthur, making it theoretically, one" of
the - stronsest forts in" the ¦world-- '•'•"
Great Naval Battle
on the Open Sea
Improbable.
Foreign naval experts say. -however,
that-,, making every allowance for the
daring, fjkill and persistency- of .the Jap?
anese,- .the Russians are largely to
take hazardous duty. ; ' , : . • ¦'
Togo's ships are apparently'in better
condition, than the • -Russian : vessels;
The heavy scoring of the torpedo craft
is one of Xlw. surprises of -the war so
far.' . ' " . • '. . / •
At the outppt the* odtiallty 'of/6avaf '
strength and the' probable necegajt^qr
fighting thef.Russians under the batter
ies of Port Arthur made extreme caji
tion essential. -The loss of a few ships
would have endangered the ultimate
success of the Japanese" arms, hence
the brevity of the engagement of Feb- i
r'u'ary 9 and the avoidance of' an ch- #
gagement with the fortress. The same*
tactics were followed In Thursday's en
gagement and bombarament.
Thfina riasbes. brief battles rnd spttKly
'withdrawals are a novelty " in naval
warfare which warrant the considera
•tion of'strategists. Admiral Togb's re :
liahce particularly on gunnery is fully
•warranted by his gunners clearly out-
Bhootlng the Russians. He constantly
fought at long range,' punishing the
enemy severely and escaping without
serious damage himself. The person
hol of his forces is shown in 'another
way by the superior ity.. of the officers
and men. who are anxious tg under-
line and the Tawata Maru on the Aus
tralian run, , .. . •.
•-.In preparing: for the war Japan
armed; a bis fleet of fast auxiliary
cruisers, on account of .the equality «jf!
naval strenRth between the }
and Japanese, but it .is beljf^^ . that .
the :.-. -au.Kjtlary : V v; cr'ujsei?Vj^;irft*':.:Jb«jgteir'
needed. - It is- e^pftcted pthjr'^uciilar'y
v^f«pl»; wi|-lc b^ .disarmed and jjort^sed.
, Th*V NIpp>n /Ytxsen -'Kaislifi'jCouipan^^
is. c^-arJ-e-tth-^aV^eet of BrttisjTvesjfe^'
Pen; r^stawl^ting jthe Chin«sel^6fl«t
$0fc:y s^ •://,'-' :^'-:^
\- /tilfli ;of/'flfitnil8 w,fonna,pdti> ;t €V-«Itr.-'.
ilo"n»* a aoV faring lenires preVoiitTS a tqit"
u«j ; di>S«tan(i*TJir au<2 Bpprcciatiim.-xir.Afl-.
•DiiVal TqQoIb tejstk?©, He scema^t^' 1J& ]
' ,a^ea.v<Mxik t<> .aoeompHeh.:^ th^-'raAjct- ;
faJjnV^iestj^eti^^ith th« bMnimum of
/ e»pp3urff.-" i : J He is/ carefully balancing.;
th^e-Wijsidf&rajions and relying upon
sop'erior 0 mo^iHy. /.nrarj^smaQstal^ ;.ap*
ammVAltion^ j»'/ / ,/\ . :V;:.' i.v :..:"?•
blame for a lack of watchfulness and
poor, rnarksmariship. : • '
.The first shots of the war on land,
were exchanged yesterday at Pingyang.
[A small detachment of Russian infanr
\ttfc evidently. scoUts. appeared tW»
thofnlne to the northward of the town.
T'hfj Japanese : outpost* opened fire, from
-a-^aiige of 1700 meters and ¦ the ' Rus^
wa:n"S-7etirejJ.; The teteKram reporting
| We.iio'ia^rltSfarflB tg^mentioh any caa-
Tfa^MeSr;: 1^.*? - .pre^Urned there wece'-nonf .
; rufta^ed^^aiia "Hfie"^H«raiK» ;^ejia>rattng
dtfafr(>i<as&hg force^2> • _l^-^^>--— : v ;
''^'j^j&p&irtitigTfi Jtinat there wHlJSfi"
anpialj ' eoffajjemenjUwwn-eWnVS-'ttere io
jtf orthe^~"£ofcea*^Ji?erf._£9e; * tttossKiins
§eoM|t?n j; ©ve'^ait ': 'r witen&etic % ¦ rca
,' .close (:to\yie^tt^^5Jje^-T»osttipns,'^ : ,hat
du g^n'crirt eiwa'ge'rnent is not' expected
t i9 weenTc Jfo^ s^nne timp —^- '. '^ < • '
j' r QiG J RuSMriiftitf^ S&iTri* ¦tttiLyam
lllfver is^ ijxoAKsijiffable, Ai^' gr«»s»^«st
.*rr»fi<^^*c»(!win^'to~^e"-in A t5ie-vic^nit7
't'^^fiw.'. JJortgof the^-ralu the Rub,-.
'^a«~-OTTTiyv-; is^cons^arftky Increasing 1 . in.
numbers and is being .inoblHzedv^but
• the 'chaTfee- Cfifrt~i-toW-ttr assunje'the of
fensive Is still gJLght. ¦'...•' ;, l s ?, . y.
' . Japa^n is cohstamrly-strength.enfhgr her
position and , fhcreasing "hei* force; in
Korea*..' • "• --I-'" w '¦¦¦-'¦. ¦-'
Recent communieatlona from Korea
express the satisfaction of the mission,
arles in the mutual relations which
hav<& be»^. entered into by the British
aikt;F«reignB»bre Society, the National
Bible Society of . and the
Aowican Bible Society^; Tor the Joint
©ccTipancy of.Koreia* '-a field tor Bible
¦work. The American Bible Society has
ftm" jrid^e than twenty years becn,.ln
teiesfed in work In Korea, an<5 during*
that tune"' ftakagent for Japan has also
i)ecn agent l«jrKor«a, niaWng Te«u|ar
visi t o. to Xh\t country and superin tenrt
tri'£ tKe^smatt' rou^lay -Wbioh hag been
¦mad»-"to"83?sfert In mtestpnary transla.
tlonar 'of'lhe' v "S<jtl^tur«e. The Britlrb
and 'Pofeigh- Bible' Society has for
some years had an agency estab'Us'lied
In kbrea. with an 'agent resident in the
field. Now.Jbry tt« new. arrangements,,
'which went ''lntjK'ettect' Jah'uary 1. 1804,
the agent in Korea represents the three
societies, ami each of them will bear
its proportion of the expense: connect-.
,ed \vlih:the work of the agency, which
is also under the care of a permanent
executive committee, operating untfer
;a new constitution, adopted not- ehrjr :
by the missionaries, but also by the Bl- ;
ble societies.— Exchange. ; ' ' X- 1 '¦¦'¦:
Bible Work In Korea.
If radium "should prove to be «bte ti.;.
do what Dr. SchcncK failed tor do--<te» ¦
termine sex-rl t will be another of ihott '¦;
lltile ironies of fate that itidlacoyftrer j
was a Woman. For If it ever happen*
t ha t sex can be determined in ad vane «
of birth it H known it will go "hard with
¦women. -The : boy babies . will ; sa :; taf ¦
outstrip the girt babies In numbers that
in the eternal conflict between the two;;
sexes the female wM be overwhelmed,
if not by superior at least by numer
ically ffreater forces.. Sven.Sosao B.
Anthony, it Is believed, it. she, Jiad. erer
had a child and could : have ch/»«<rn tu
sex would* have taken « horrid ' bey.
Bar to. suppose such a thJnc ai ?JJU3
Anthony! Is a Rood deal like luxrd Dua
dreary's method of oarryUur ooadJ** .
cus«lon-- 4 .'8uppose you had ato-b-ttrotb>
er, do ypa'thlnK He'd 1-Wlke.cfeccse ??'-•"
New^Torlt Globe. . : v : C ¦
Prenimn on Boy Babies.
VIEW OF THE PORT ARTHUR FORTIP]CATIOXS A\D PORTRAIT OF
THE RUSSIAN COMMANDER WHO DECLARES .•; - : TIIAT THE GARRI
SON WILL NEVER SURRENDER TO : ATTACKING JAPANESE.
'"'; '';:itjf*ri has i .form'-'l th^ subject of 5rv
• rai : . uv»dtcai .aiti«I^<» and Is js^n^rally
«« v t'f|»v-a ¦¦tii'a ph'e-uottitnion'.hy xhti i>ro-
Vsyiuii ' Th»Uah hf,'-:.<J>HiM* vj«.-
Vnc? t'-werd a y.ounjcr woman it*'- wh<>m
lie •was paylns at tentlitn,' hi? ' ha» ; K*n
fially ..;wch tracableV uhdec nit . V.r his
i^-rsonciities. ¦ " Under ¦'. nflu'eno* ; ; N . .. ; l
he baa > n£ 'character. urvfler -ea«rh [uf the
oth^r v.n : he ta different. In i he M.u
nicipal Cbi*rt: this ;; morning ¦"- h« wa»
<;I«*pely iuesftoneci...-but all m^moiy of
bcihf; ir a sciioolatKise ha«l J,-ft nim.
fa<bX?TLA3tp. Or.. »h. 29.— Is Earl
*VT. Voo4 a flrebujt in one of his thrp<*
sepa.rs.Uk^'peTzn'a&'ltiUs'! 8u<jh is the
•q-ues iCn">rhlcfa Pr. J. AUrn «»Jlbcrt.
w ho rroVed. the T3er5>f»nalJties to the
'.^ w'tislactioin • of \ the .mpdif«l profession
vi^Tv i^ycirai ago, will V$ to d^l - r "
<jzifji440-day.. -.*, '"> .""".'* •
.- : lltn -^ was iarrtJEtedVcarly;: this »r.orrt
¦fuffir'-liie'baSiMii'rnt of' a suburban
Vvhoo ¦¦' : . He **»'. «"harge<i v. it.h intended
* iWc^n-liirisoi.' ilC-ou sayir.tbat ¦ -the last
* iw. ¦'-. iv.-aejcpbfrs.'vl? o« .tiding 1 in . a # street
: ';a.t ¦¦>*• ilh Va : !y6.tinc ' vromani ¦'Then.' his
P-taiv^Wy^hiiig'^l apparen«y and.ie
turn* ' this moroinq ••-. when.- *«/;. found
hini^'-.f . :b^in4 ; i:'rjayn-barp; "S\-'-;'^ ¦'¦ .
By; 'lypvitAfem'; Dr; Gfincrt is able to
¦ hr«f"A tlood front « no personality to
.'.'¦noi.b--*'. When yfldbr. V*ne -JnTllien'cfl h<?
iVj!k » 4 io trtith am t.i'vhat has happened
: .:t>>; hin under thai m'rsanaUty. There
?i'TirX.r. Ciih^ri.if'Tp^ilo Ivarn if Hoo<l
i:ri«er jscrfonsjlity N<t. 1 trr'Xv. S was
jv^persiWe for itorne «f ; the incendiary
• *rcs ',f the ';¦• -ciljT^-'- .Ho has v.ha4 .Hood
tvly In his . i*vr >- r ,.* >n several o'c
.¦¦¦VrasJom. 1 --'-'-'-."^-^.' •'::'¦¦"; ¦ : -- .-. ;¦:'.-• ¦"':¦:•' :' ; "
apectsl »lspalcii tA TSj» Oill
The following "is th'e monthly state
ment of earnings for January issuea
by the .California Gas and Electric
Corporation: 'Gross earnings, $276,
513 05; expenses. $147,763*88; profits,
5128,749.17; interest on underlying
bonds. $35,765 74; interest on'corpo
ration bonds,. $33,333 33; net surplus,
$59.650 10. ...
The purchase price raid for the two
concerns is kept secret -by the corpora
tion, but it is known to be a. high one.
The Stan<1ard : Electric Company has
its main- pteht ia AmAdor County and
supplies the: counties uf
and >»an Joaquin. joimng :; wjth '. the
United: CJ-as an<J : EVPCtcic \Coninany.. In
supplying the counties .around San
Francisco Bay. with- lines, running
through San Jose up the west side of
the bay into this city. . , # . '
" Tlw> California' Gas and Electric Cor r
roratiyn's holdings. in- the production
arid. distribution of • electricity and- gas
supply the porthernVand central west
ern portions of the' State. The lines
>>f..ihe corporation .extend from Butte"
Opanty^ on the north to Fresno County
on th«?south and from Placer and Ama-;
dor counties On-'-the- east" to San Fran
cJsc^.^jid the other l/4y counties on the
west.. "In ..brief, theV supply "all of the,
Sacramentd and'. San Jo fluin valleys
and the central t-ounjties o^'California. -•.
. Th«^ gas and '-.electric- ooicerns be
5onginJ?.to the" above corporation, ex-;
elusive" of the two. purchased;'-yester
day, ape the Oakland. Gas Light and
Heat Company, Sacramento Electric,
Gas and RailwayCompqny, California
Central Gas arid Electric Company,
Bay Counties Power Company, Fresno
Gas and Electric Light Company, Val
ley- Counties Power Company, Capitot
Gas Company, Central Electric Rail
way Company, Butte County Klectrlc
Light and Power Company, Chico Gas"
and Electric Company, Colusa Gas and
Electric Company, Marysville Gas arid.
Electric Company, Napa Gas and'Elec
tric Company, Nevada County Gas arrd
Electric Company, Petaluma Gas and
Electric Company, San Rafael Gas' and"
Electric Company, Santa Rosa Light
ing Company and the Woodland Gas
and Electric Company.:
The board of directors of _ the cor
poration are: E. J. de Sabla Jr., presi-'
dent; John Martin, vice president; -John
C. Coleman, second vice president- R.
M. Hotaling. treasurer; John A. Brit
ton, "general." manager; C. W. ConHsk fc
secretary; F. W. Zie.le, president of the
Mercantile Trust Company; F. B. An-'
derson, 'vice president of the Bank of
California; N. D. Rideout, banker; J.
Henry Meyer of the Antone Bcrrel
Banking Company, E: W. Hopkins and
F G. Drum.
The Standard Electric Company of
-California bore, a capitalization of
SS.OOO.Ch'iO authorized stoik and $5,000,0'>0
in bonds, all issued anc .out^tan-lin?:.
Trie I'r.itrd Gas and Electric Company
'.vai; < > apitaliz.e<i at S2,o00,00n in author
ized .Ptork, of. v hkh $2.2^6,000 is out
standins. and S2,P00.O0O in authorized
bonds, of which 51.100,000 is outstand
inff. • i; .
One of the largest deals that ha?
taken place in this < ity for some time
was ooni'uinniat^i yesterday at a meet
ing of the board of directors of the
I'alifomia C?as and Electric Corpora
tion, whrn thie, fystems of the Siar.d
ar>\ EHectric Company of California and
the United <Jns and Electric Company
\vr>re purchased. The Cal'fprnia Gas
and Klectrie Corporation • 01 assume
loutrol <tf its new lioMings t^-day.
Th»- deal pives the California and
Sltitrio Corporation a monopoly hi the
supplying; of electric power to tut.nty
of the principal count ips in the State.
Thf two companies ab3orbed yrstfrday
ar»- extensive concerns, eaih capitalized
hiKhly. I'.'";'-. ..'
Eari^Hbod of Portland Is
thfe Stibject of Deep Study
l3^-^| Medical Experts
California Gas and Electric
Corporation Buys Large
Power : 'Supplying:; Plants
ABSORBS TWO
BIG COMPANIES
WEIRD FREAKS
OF OREGON LAD
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. ». — The
No voe Vretnya publishes a remarkable
editorial on "the parallel between". Port
Arthur asd Sebastopol. pointing • "out
that the forts are Identically situated.
Golden, Hill cortespondlng^ii*:;-; the
Malakoff , Dalny to Eupatoria, Ad
miral Alexieff to: Admiral Naehlmoff.
ami the Retviian to the .Tria Sviatltelia.
PORT ARTHUR, Sunday, Feb. 28.—
General Stoessel, commander of the
garrison here, has issued a general
order directing the attention of the
troops and inhabitants to the fact that
the. Japanese intend to land and at
tempt to seize the fortress. The general
declares the Japanese consider the
seizure of Port Arthur to be a question
of national honor and, from their ob
stinate attacks and bombardments of
th*e fortress and bays, he can only con
clude that the enemy will make every
effort to capture the fortress, failing
which the Japanese will destroy the
railroad and withdraw.
"The enemy, however," proceeds the
general, "is mistaken. Our trOops know
and. the inhabitants, are herewith in
formed by me that we will not yield.
We must flght to the finish, as I, the
commandant, will never give an order
to fcurrender. I call on all to become
convinced of the necessity of. fighting
to the death. Those who- leave without
fighting will not save themselves. There
Is r.o way out. On three sides there Is
the sea and on the fourth will be 'the
enemy. There is no means of escape
except by fighting." ."-.: .
Notwithstanding the heavy gale
which Is blowing, the lights of Japan
ese ecmiting vessels were visible in the
offing during the night. • ' \
* MUST HOIiD PORT ARTJITJR; :^
-.- ¦-.-.- « —
LIAOYANG, Manchuria, Feb. 29.—
Foreigners living at Yinkow say that
the Japanese fleet has received orders
to attack and capture Port Arthur on
March 1 at all costs.
"It |3 confirmed that a Japanese tor
pedo-boat destroyer was blown up and
another sunk during the recent fight in c,
The wreck of. the latter vu ;_ subse
quently washed whore."
An official news agency to-day pub
lished the following dispatlh from Port
Arthur:
" According to advices from Peking.
Prince Chlng has pointed out to th©
Japanese Minister that the attitude o(
the Japanese living ij*. China, who for
more than a week have been spreading
mendacious report?.. Is calculated to
cause a rlslns against the Europeans.
The Prince. therefore, .requested.; the
Japanese Minister to take the necessary
preventive measures. v^v 3 -v y
INCITING A CHINESE RISING.
Official opinion continues to be that
the Japanese will make no attempt to
invest Port Arthur immediately, al
though it is added that they are evi
dently determined to force matters as
rapidly as possible. In 1S99 they landed
on the northern part of the peninsula
and the. Chinese made no resistance;
still it took twenty-eight days before
Port Arthur was really invested. The
object of the Japanese may now be to
avoid this preliminary delay by" disem
barking their troops at Pigeon Bay.
"It they do," said a naval expert.
"they will meet with opposition which
will render their plan impracticable."
The editorial, however, warns the Rus
sians to abjure from fatalistic beliefs.
Although written without the knowl
edge of General Stoessel's equally re
markable general order, issued at Port
"Arthur yesterday, the Novoc Vremya's
editorial comes as a . reinforcement of
the former's purport, that Port Arthur
must in no case be surrendered. Both
seem to foreshadow a siege of Port
Arthur and a bombardment, which, a
dispatch from Liaoyang says. It Is
rumored at Xewchwang will occur to
morrow.
• ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 29. — Di r
rert confirmation of the report from
Hakodate that Vladivostok is block
. Hded by the Japanese vessels cannot
jbe obtained here, but it is considered
\>robable. During .the Japanose land,
operations in Korea the Russian war
shvps to the north were a constant
mebsce and blockading them would
be llie irost effective means of secur
ing 73nr-lnterf<»renc* : . Furthermore,
it is worthy of note that for more than
one "weeJt no vrord has been allowed to
come from Vladivostok' and this in.
itself swims strong evidence ftiat im
portant e*vents are transpiring.
The report from Liaoying. -M.an
churia. ttlat the Japanese fleet has re
ceived orjders to attack and capture
Port Artlxur on. March 1 it all costs,
coupled vptii the comparison of. Port
Arthur and Scbastoi>ol made by the
Xovoe T.remj;a, has created a pro
found Ir/pression and has added to the
"The day. after the outbreak of hos
tilities the authorities ordered, all non
combatants to leave Dalny, in "order to
have as few mouths as possible to feed
in the «»vent of a siege. If the Jap
anese invest Port Arthur there are
pnough provisions to last eight
months. We passed a continual stream
of troop trains going east." '-..- *
According to a. story printed "here
Count Xirod, the midshipman killed
•in the battle of Chemulpo, was stand
ing in the fighting top of the Variag
calling off distances when the mast
was struck and the Count fell from
his station into the sea.
belief that the Japanese possibly in
tend to commence land and sea opera
tions against Port Arthur sooner than
was expected,
The family of a foreigner employed
at Port Dalny arrived here yesterday,
having made the trip in eighteen days.
One of the "members said:
Commander of the Port Arthur. Garrison
Declares It Will Be a Fight
to the Death.
Week Passes Without Any News Being
Received From the Blockade!! Rus
sian Port in Siberia.
VLADIVOSTOK CUT OFF
FROM OUTSIDE WORLD
"WE WILL NEVER YIELD."
SAYS RUSSIAN GENERAL
JAPAN WILL MAKE DESPERATE EFFORT TO TAKE PORT ARTHUR
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, MARCH 1, M 904.
3
ADVUBTISftm rVrJTS*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Why is" Pears' Soap-rthe
best in the worlcj,. the soap
with' no free alkali in it —
sold for 15 cents a cake?
It was made for a hos-
pital soap in the first j
place, made by request,
the doctors wanted a soap
ihat would wash as sharp
as any and do no harm
to. the skin. That means
a soap all soap, with no
free alkali ii* it, nothing
but soap; there is nothing
mysterious in it. Cost de-
pends on quantity; quan-
tity comes of quality.
Sold all over the world.
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
Schilling's Best make -gen-
erous business. Your grocer
is generous with it. Money back
costs him* nothing; 'costs no-
body, anything.
t;..^-Sweatersfete^65c
• * ;, • \ .. z i ' Before bur spring stock of sweat-
V7\-./J«gik* *^ (> 4 «, 'ers arrives we wish to close out our
"¦'¦ '''W' <3^« * e S 00^ here 'offered are all-
ySJi ¦'•¦ - '^^^3 ' '- • ' W00 ' n most durable stitchings.
"¦• \^3 ; . .._ > <*^^^^^*r^' • " They will give excellent wear. Pre-
: * yff •¦ " '/^W^^£§B^ • .vi'ousto the sale the regular prices
'^^^^^B^^^^^^k - °* the goods were $1.00 and $150.
llPlaK^^^^ * .'The colors are gray, black, navy
and garnet in solid colors and fancy
t^/^v^^ \^\' We can ft an y man measur i n §
(ff I \wk iSi : W^ As the sweaters will sell quickly
fj pMlw M we urge your buying- to-day. The
mb ' ih 1 Ml C sweaters are on display in
f W 'Wki J °^ r ear y s t reet windows. Under-
l$iml fmSfa stanc *' however, that you are as
•'¦'"•""¦ lifflm mm* welcome to view the goods in the
IfflM iM.il store as you would be to^ ins P ect
J=^^' iLifclM Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
miM • """"¦¦**' T-4O Market Street.SECRliTARY" 11AY : IS
CONFINED BY THE GRIP
Recurrence of Old . Mnlady Compels
the Official to Remain In
Ills Room. '
,' WASHINGTON, Feb. 29.-^Secretary,
Hay is confined to his room by a slight
recurrence of his old malady, the
grip.
; Assistant Secretary Oliver,- who has
been'.conflned to his . bed .for a long
time "* by ; the grip, t is - somewhat im
proved i to-day. * ; V .' '" "' ¦ -V*.
CHILDREN ARE BURNED
. IN CANADIAN FIRE
Dwelling Is Destroyed nnd Twelve
Persons Lose Their • Lives in :
Fln'mes. \
ROBERVAL, Quebec, Feb. 29. —
Twelve lives w-ere lost in a fire which
destroyed the home of Thomas Guay
at St. Felicien to-day. When the fire
was first noticed by neighbors, who live
at some distance, the house had been
burned to the ground. In it at the
time were the small children of Thom
as Guay, Mrs. Phillip Guagnon and
her three children. All were burned
to death.
Guagnon and Guay, the fathers,
were absent at work in the woods.
CAMP OF WOODMEN' ¦• .
ENTERTAINS .WOMEN
Ncighbors of a- Mission .Subordinate
• Greet Members of San Francisco" :
Circle a ( Banquet.
A few weeks ago the ladies of. San!
Francisco Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft called on the membership
of San Francisco Camp of the Wood
men of the World in. Mission^Masonlc
Hall and asked for the privilege of
the floor, which was granted. The la
dles made a request that the camp close
in dueform and. accompany them to
another part. of the building without
asking "any questions. .
The neighbors of the camp; who are
renowned for their gallantry, realizing
that 'this is leap year and that the la
dies must be obeyed, '.aid- as they were
t>id and v were led to the banquet hall,
where theyyfound a. banquet 'awaiting
them, WhlchV^lt wa«j stated, was an of
fering in appreciation of; many acts of
kindness and Assistance from the camp
to! the circle. V
Not to be outgone in hospitality the
camp 'last night the ladies of the
circle as , guests alt (a banquet given' 1 in
the same hall. tne ; affair; having been
Cot up* by a committee composed of 'A^-
Apple, chairman; George. Rice and A.
H. Freund. After a bounteous repast
Chairman Apple, acting as -toast
master, called for tfiree-minute
speeches and the responses were by
Consul Commander Charles Elberling,
Colonel. Clark of the Uniform Rank,
Past Consul Commanders Parks and
Penn, Clerk H. J. McClintock of the
camp. Guardian Neighbor Smith, Mrs.
'.Walsh, captain of the. drill team, v and
Past Guardian Neighbors Seary and
Piersori of the circle ; and E. C. Stock
of Golden' Gate Camp. After the re
past there, was dancing for an" hour. ]
One German city. Chemnitz, sold in
the United States lust year $«, 910.01 1
worth of stockings and $2,239,000 of
gloves. -
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Departments nt Washington .'Make
Changes in Postal Service and
Issue Many Army Orders.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 29. — Changes
in the postal service have been made
as follows: .
Fourth-class postmasters—Califor
nia — Brawley, San Diego County,
Edith Melder, vice Frank H. Stanley;
Edison. Kern County, Curtis C. Booth,
vice William T. Sterling, resigned;
Globe, Tulare County, Nora E.' Miller,
vice James W. Bursett, resigned; Im
perial, San Diego Counts', Horace E.
Allatt, vice Margaret S. Clark, re
signed; Midway, Alameda County, Mr3.
Ottlllle Clarke, vice Albert O. Barth
old, resigned; San Bruno, San Mateo
County, George A. Hensley, vice Dan
iel McSweeny, resigned.
Oregon — Glenwood, Washington
County, EH Smith, vice George E. Lee,
resigned; Santiam, Linn County, Sarah
D. Harris, vice Dayton Harris, re
signed.
Fourth-class postmasters commis
sioned — Lester V. Parker, Poleta.
Orders to officers of the United
States navy—^-Warrant Machinist J. E.
Jones, sick leave revoked and ordered
to Mare Island navy yard. California,
March 11, 1904, for examination for
retirement, thence to procaed to his
home to await orders. t
Special orders, War Department-—
Post Quartermaster Sergeant .Ed
ward Relmer, now at' San Juan, Porto
Rico, will proceed to Port Pickens,
Fla., to . relieve Post Quartermaster
Sergeant Clement G. Colesworthy.
Sergeant Colesworthy will proceed 4 to
the Presidio, San Francisco, and re
port to the commanding officer.
BUZZARD SWEEPS OVER
THE STATE OF NEW YORK
Heavy Snowstorm at Rochester Is Ac
companied by 'Thunder and
Lightning.
NEW YORK. Feb. 29. — In many
parts of New York State a blizzard is
raging: to-night. At Rochester a driv
ing snowstorm was accompanied by
thunder and sharp flashes of light
ning. The storm at that pjace was one
of the most severe of .the season.
KING EDWARD GREETS a
GUESTS AT A LEVF&.
Ceremonial in the Palace of St. James
Attended .by the American
Eihbassntlor.
LONDON*. I*eb. 2». — King Edward
held the first 'levee th!a year In the
throneroom of St. James Palace to
day^- The function was unusually
largely attended. The Prince of Wales,
most of the members of the diplo
matic corps, the Cabinet Ministers.
many peers, many members of th'*
House of Commons and naval and
military officers were present. Km
bassador Choate and staff o? th*> Unit
ed States embassy were there. Major
J. H. Beacom, United States military
attache in London, was present in the
diplomatic circle.
BERLIN, Feb. 29. — The native
troops in the Cross and Nsanargry
River region of German Kamerun,
Equatorial West Africa, have revolted.
Dispatches reached the Colonial Office
to-day saying that several factories of
the Northwest Kamerun Company
have been burned and that four Ger
mans were killed. All the German
African colonies are In a ferment over
the statements spread by Hereros run
ners that the Germans are being
driven into the sea. y >.
Colonel Leutwin. Governor of Ger
man Southwest Africa, telegraphed
from Swakopmund yesterday that Ma
jor EstoreflTs column on February 25
had a severe ten hours with V the
Hereros near Otjihinanaka. The Her
eros held their position, against which
artillery was not available.
Toward evening Frankes' company
broke through the enemy's formation
and the natives retired.- Their strength
and the number of their losses are not
known. One German officer was killed
and four officers, among them Baron
Schoffau Weihr and four men, were
wounded.
AMERICA REPRESENTED
AT A PRINCE'S FUNERAL
Natal Attache at Berlin Attends Ser
vices Beforr Burial of Henry
of Prussia.
KIEL, Germany.- Feb. 29. — Lieuten
ent Commander Templeton M." Potts,
the United States naval attache at
Berlin, represented the United States
embassy at the funeral of little Prince
Henry, youngest son of Prince Henry
of Prussia, who 'died here Friday, in
the chapel at the castle to-day. Em
peror William, the Grand Duke of
Hesse and the Princess of Battenberg
were present. Prince and Princess
Henry were deeply affected.
President Roosevelt cabled his con
dolence to Prince and Princess Henry.
Alarm Throughout African
Colonies Because of Reports
Given by Hereros Runners
NATIVES DRIVE
GERMANS TO SEA
The Twelfth Infantry will sail on
the transport Sherman at 12 o'clock
sharp to-day for Manila. These troops
will 'be brought early in the morning
from the Presidio by the tug Slot-um.
They will be in" command of Colonel
Johji W; Bubb. The 400 infantry" and
100 ca% - alry Vecruits will also be
brought over from Angel Island ¦ and
all will be on board the Sherman by
10 a. m. • They will be in command of
Captain Willis tlline and Lieutenants
John S. Uuham and Jesse Gastcn. .;.:.*
These officers will return to the
United States as.sjoon as they have re
ported to the commanding general in
the Philippines, .
The following officers will go on
the Sherman to-day: Colonel J. W.
Bubb, Lieutenant Colonel H. S. Fos
ter, Major P. G. Wood, Majpr William
Lasseter, Captain3 R. L. Hirst," W. J.
Pardee, F. L. Winn. -W. UHne. F. S.
Cochen, G. H. Davis. F. S. Hutton,. J.
W. Clinton. A. T. Smith, R. C. Dewey.
U. S. M. C.;' B. F. Rittenhouse, U. S.
M. C; W. P. Chamberlain, medical de
partment; F. D. Wickham, M. N. Falls
and B. L. Smith; First Lieutenants M.
Childs. G. H. Shields. Alfred Aloe. K.
Epperly, A. \V. Foreman, R. Smith. R.
Jackson, A. C. Wright. R. W. Kirby-
Smith, medical department; E. E. Ful
ler. W. W. Taylor. F. H. Adams; Sec
ond Lieutenants M/ M. Keck, J. S.
Chambers, P. W. Brabson. G. V. Heidt,
Charles A. Hun/. A." Hardman. J. S.
Hamilton. ""R. T. Phinney. L>. H. Bower,
J. S. Uphafn, J. Gaston. W. V. Gal
lagher, I. M. Madison. W. F. Harrefi,
C. B. Hodges and Frank Curtis.
The regulation monthly muster and
inspection was held at the Presidio yes
terday merning. The different regi
ments were all In first class shape.
The Third Squadron of the Ninth
Cavalry, under command of Major
John Bjgelow, was. mustered on ; the
golf links._ After the formal Inspection
the troops dismounted and went into
a hand tv hand, fight on foot. | Then,
remounting, they made a brilliant
charge oven the links from one end
to the other and executed -numerous
maneuvers and evolutions in a/scientific
and dexterous manner.
Colonel Enoch H. Crowder, assistant
judge advocate general of the army,
will arrive in San Francisco to-mc-r
row night and will be the guest of
Major -West at the Hotel Clarendon.
Colonel Crowder will sail on the Doric
on Saturday for Japan, where he will
be attached to the Japanese army for
the purpose of taking observations In
the present war. "* /
General MacA'rthur, accompanied by
his aid, Major West, will make an in
spection of the transport Sherman at
10:30 o'clock this morning.
Captplii Frank L. Winn will not sail
with the Twelfth Infantry on the
Sherman to-day. Late yesterday af
ternoon telegraphic orders were re
ceived from Washington appointing
him as aid to General rMacArthur.
Captain Winn Is very A well known In
this' State and while hla appointment
comes as a great surprise to his many
friends here, it is nevertheless a most
pleasant one. He will relieve Major
West of many of the duties he has
previously performed,; principally that
of overlooking target practice.
Sherinaii Will Begin Voyage
fov Luzon at Xoon To-Day,
Carrying Fighting 3Ien
TROOPS READY
TO BOARD SHIP
are' rs full of care as the members of
the other chamber. A member having a
bill that is dear to his heart has be
.fore him an enterprise that requires
diligence, patience, tact and persever
ance if he hopes to convince a majority
of that big body that it should become
law.
CALIFORNIA'S DELEGATION
I ha\'e- gone over this familiar
ground' only" "by way of prelude to r - a
brief personal reference to 'the individ
uals' of the California delegation in
Congress, what they are applying
themselves to particularly, their com
mittees,'how they. work and something
about their home life in Washington. ~
The Senators have their offices and
committee rooms in the' big brick
building known as the Senate" Annex,
Just out of the Capitol grounds and
north of it. Their rooms are on the
third floor in the same hall. Senator
George C. Perkins, ranking member of
the. delegation, ia chairman of the
Committee on Civil Service and Re
trencTtment. He is a member of a long
string of important committees, the. list
being: . Appropriations, Commerce,
Fisheries, Forest, Reservations and the
Protection of, Game;. Naval Affairs and
Transportation* Routes to the Sea
board. He is prominently placed on<the
subcommittees of the Genera] Appro
priation Committee and is an effective
force there. He is chairman of the sub
committee on Fortifications and a
member of the Sundry Civil Appro
priations and, as a member of the
Committee j on . Naval Affairs and of
Commerce, 'he has to do with the ap
propriations bill for each of i these
branches of the Government: In his
capacity as of -the Commit
tee on Fortifications he has been "active
and potent in securing appropriations
for the defenses of the Golden Gate
and along the coast. His secretary is
Frank Sawyer of San Francisco, who
h.is been with him In that capacity
many years. He is aided by a compe
tent typewriter. Senator Perkins lives
at Stonclelgh Court, the magnificent
apartment-house but recently com
pleted at Connecticut avenue and L
street, built and owned by Secretary
Hay. His daughter, Pansy, is with
him. f
BAUD AND IRRIGATION.
Senator Thomas R. Bard, junior Sen
ator from California, is chairman of
the Irrigation Committee and member
of the committees on Indian Affairs,
Public Lands, Railroads, Territories
and Woman Suffrage — the latter a so
called select committee. As chairman
of the Committee on Irrigation, the
big projects of the Government in the
West to redeem the desert will come
under, his especial study,."
. Senator Bard has been particularly
active as a member of the Public
Lands Committee, and has interested
himself in the movement to extend the
forest reserves and to secure the
Calaveras trees to California as a park,
through the aid of the Government.
As member of this committee, too, he
secured a report for the famous "5 per
cent ' bill," introduced , by Senator Per
kins, the bill which .proposes to give to
California 5 per cent of the returns for
the sale of Its public lands since the
sale of these lands begun. '
• Senator Bard's private secretary is R.
W. Gates, who served "in the same ca
pacity for Senator White.' W. M.,Hil
liker acts as stenographer and H. D.
SENIOR SENATOR FROM CAL
. IFORNIA IN* THE. NA
TIONAL LEGISLATURE.
WASHINGTON,' Feb. 29.— The archi
tectural changes made in the White
House was the subject of a large share
of to-day's discussion in the Senate
and thev were generally criticized as
falling far short of the improvements
which should have been secured with
the ' $500,000 appropriated for the' pur
pose. The discussion arose In connec
tion with consideration of the bill pro
viding for the erection of a building
for the joint use of the departments of
State, Justice and Commerce and La
bor. Consideration of the bill M r ao not
concluded.
Gallinger referred to the White
House changes, saying that the work
had' been in the hands of an architect
of great reputation. He said that aa
a result of his efforts a part ; of the
executive mansion had been spolied and
that the office of the President was an
eyesore and not fit to accommodate a
second-class lawyer or doctor. i"^
Dryden, who contended for liberal al
lowances-to architects, said he agreed
that the White House additions are not
of seemly appearance.' "But," he added,
"it- must be borne in mind that archi
tects are often placed at a disadvan
tage by the dictation of the employ
ers'."
NeWlands said thai the architect had
to decide whether to preserve the orig
inal character of the White House or
to^ alter the character of that building.
Bailey called attention to the- ne
cessity for an office building for the use
of Senators, saying' that the Senate an
nex was so unsafe that Senators were
not -allowed to carry books to their
rooms in that building. >;-"- >;
Newlands suggested that an annex to
the Senate be constructed like that to
the White House. .
Without completing consideration of
the bill, the Senate went into executive
session at 5:34 p. m., and at 5:29 p. m.
adjourned. •.,-_¦ -
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2^:—The'Presi
denf to-day sent to the Senate the- fol
lowing nominations:
Chairman of • the Isthmian Canal |
Commission — Rear Admiral John G. j
Walker, U. -S. A., retired. District of j
Columbia.- Members of Isthmian Canal ;
Commission— Major General George W. j
Davis, U. "S. .A., retired, District of ;
Columbia; AVIIliam H. Burr. New York; j
benjamin M. Harrod, 'Louisiana; Carl;
Edward Grunsky, California; Frank J. [
Hecker, .Michigan; William Barclay;
Parsons, New York. !
The commission, as constituted by the i
President, is essentially a body of en
gineers, sis of the seven members j
having distinguished themselves in en- !
glneeringworks. The law under whl<:h |
the commission was created provided j
that four of the members should be )
skilled in the science of engineering, i
Colonel Hecker is the only man on the j
commission who may be classed as|dis- J
tinctly a business man.- He is a man of
large affairs, and during the Spanish- j
American Avar served: the Government >
as director of transportation.
Rear Admiral Walker , has : be^n
Jde'ntined with this Government's In
vestigation of isthmian canal routes for
nnny years, and is regarded as the best
informed rrian in the country on that
subject. Arrangements already have
been made for an early visit to the
Isthmus of Panama by the commission.
It seems likely now that! the commis
sion, as a body, will go to Panama
within a - month. Preliminary work
will be begun Immediately.
The Senate, in executive session, re
ferred to the. Committee on Int»roceanic
Canals the nominations for positions
on the Isthmian Canal Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 29.— During
consideration of the District of Colum
bia appropriation b.ill in the House to
day Scott of Kansas made the declara
tion that a negro, had. dined at the
White House with President Cleveland
during the latlers first administra
tion. The Ftatcment- was prompted by
a reference toy jGilbert of Kentucky to
the dining of Booker T. " Washington
at the White Houfe.' When the name
watt demanded Scott said it was C.
H. J. Taylor, who was appointed by
President Cleveland a* Recorder of
Deeds for the District of Columbia.
Gilbert observed that he and others
never had heard of the incident^ but
the Democrats were not "particularly
claiming" Mr. Cleveland, and Cochran
Of Missouri said iP was but evidence
."that there is no better Republican in
the country than G rover Cleveland."
DalzeH of Pennsylvania, discussing
Canadian reciprocity, said he had been
unable to find in • an exhaustive • re
search a single argument which would
Justify the negotiation of a reciprocity
treaty between the United States and
Canada.
Levering of Massachusetts aroused
the minority' to applause when he de
clared that "while we are talking
about standing pat, the great ship of
business is drifting on the rocks, and
our bbasted prosperity is fast coming
to an end." • .
Lovering prefaced ' this by saying
that of dollars: had been lost
to manufacturers : and . thousands of
laborers had been deprived of work be
cause the Government had not en
larged the drawback system. The rem
edy, he sa'id, was easy. The relief de
manded, he declared, could be secured
by a simple amendment to the draw
back feature of the administrative act
of the D-ingley law and this could be
done, he said, without interfering with
a single schedule or in any wise re
viewing the tariff.
Ho differed, he said, from Dalzell in
the matter of a demand for -new .mar
kets for goods of American manufac
ture. The manufacturers wanted an
outlet for their surplus output and the
demands for the new markets caused
them to realize that production had
passed beyond domestic "consumption.
He urged the South to increase the
output of cotton and sr:id immigration
was needed greatly in the South.
These things, he said, would aid ma
terially in solving: the race question.
The House at 4:15 p. m. adjourned
undl to-morrov.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 29.— It is a
mistake to imagine that an election
to Congress is all honor. The glamour
that hangs over Washington borrows
its enchantment from distance. A
near view and the most dignified and
stately Senator is found to be a pretty
hard; working man. The Senators have
their office hours and their hours for
attendance upon one or the other of a
half dozen committees; the afternoon
is spent in the Senate chamber and
the evening— what with its social obli
gations and the conferences and- the
people who insist upon an audience by
right of a residence in the same State
—it is by no means the Senator'8 own.
In fact, a Senator'8 life is a life .of
labor. The eminent ability that is re
quired to land a man in the United
States Senate must there be employed
to the utmost. To the vast amount
of work in .which the Senate takes the
initiative is added the other vast
amount that comes to It for review
from the larger body. Together they
entail an immense amount of study
ing and "research. And as for the most
part this . is conscientiously given,
the life of a Senator is considerably
mo're than one of mere dignity.
The work that he is called upon to
perform is of a twofold character.
There are the big and broad things,
the Panama treaties, the canal build
ing, the army, the navy, the harbors,
the interstate waterways, the recipro
cal trade relations with foreign coun
tries, the vast system of federal courts
and the still vaster system of the civil
service and the diplomatic and con
sular service Extending round the
world— the things distinctly national
¦that concern the people of the whole
country.
WORK OF A LEGISLATOR.
Then there are the things local and
that co'ncern fhe people of his own
State and more especially that part
of the State, the north or south, from
which* he hails, as distinguished from
the south or north, from which his
colleague comes. He is assailed every
day by a mail pouch full of petitions,
advice, complaints and plain requests.
Each 'of these must receive more or
less attention, though the letter writ-,
ing and other details which they de
mand may be entrusted largely to sec
retarieF.
Every Senator has a secretary and
the secretary one . to half a dozen
clerks and stenographers. And the
man who comes nearest to earning his
salary in Washington is the secretary
to a Senator. None but a man with
a clear head, good general information,
genius for detail and large capacity
for work need "apply for that job. He
is employed from morning until, very
frequently, late at night — he and his
assistants. The secretary to .the Sen
ator is often made the secretary to the
committee of which the Senator is
chairman. It is as member of a com
mittee, and especially as chairman,
that the Senator is effective. If is the
committee that has the first say as to
whether or not a bill "do pass." If
the committee to which it is referred —
they all go to the committee, of course
— does not report it back, the incident
is closed. ' But of the many that go In,
the few— that is the comparatively few —
that return may greet Faith and Char
ity with effusive familiarity, for their
name is Hope. There is something
radically wrong with them or their
champion if they do not stack up in
the law library.'
DUTIES TO CONSTITUENTS..
Therefore the committee of which
the Senator is a member is not only
the measure of the quantity but the.
quality of the service he is able to ren
der the country and his constituents
from his place in the stately building
on Capitol Hill.
An important chairmanship speaks
for the Senator in two ways. He is
recognized by the President of the
Senate as a man worthy to be'in
trusted with its responsibility. His
worthiness to be so intrusted is dem
onstrated in his having secured ¦ the
honor, for these are prizes that are
contested for by strong men. There is
first, then, the Senator." Then there Is
his committee. The rule is not abso
lute, of course, but It is a rule that the
one offers a measure of the other. The
ultimate test Is as to what the other
does with the one. It is an indication
of* the character of work, often, to
which the Senator Js adapted or might
be expected to be adapted.
All this applies in some degree to the
members of the House. The member
of the House who Is in himself big is
smaller as an individual 1 because he is
member j of a larger body. Those of
them who take the Initiative and.hafe
things to -accomplish labor, as hard and
Members Propose an Im
mediate Visit to Panama
and Beginning of Project
American Immigration Laws
Are Suggested and Metric
System **\Vili Be Utilized
WASHINGTON. Feb. 20.—Represen
tative Cooper of Wisconsin introduced/*
a bill to-day amending In several ways
the act providing a civil form of gov
ernment for the Philippines. The taill
was prepared by Secretary Taf t. /its
first provision is- that all bonds btsued
by the Government of the Phili^plnesi
shall be exempt, from taxation! either
by the Government pf the United States
or the jpoverhme.pt of the Philippines.
Five Dfx cent bonds to the efmount ot
$10,000,000 are authorized for public Im
provements in the Philippines. These
bonds are to be approved by the Presi
dent arid Secretary of War . and are
to be used to provide for por : and har
bor v.-ork5, roads, bridges, ; provincial
and municipal schools, courtnduses and
penal institutions. Five, per jcent mu
nicipal bonds " % -are^ also- authorised to
parry on municipal improvements, such
bonded Indebtedness of any lone mu
nicipality" not tor'exceed 10 p'r tent of
the assessed valuation of property In
such municipality.. ¦ •,
The*, bill provide^ that the .immigra
tion laws of the United Statesun force
In the islands shall be administered
by the officers of the Philippine Gov
ernment. The land mrmsurettnentsi.
which in the original act \\x-.e inl acres,
are changed to the metric system,
which prior to that time prevailed in
the islands. /
A provision guaranteeing *artilngs on
railroad capital to be .nvested yn tha
islands, which is regarded as a.-W im
portant step toward advancing the\:ivll
conditions in the island*, Is eontanred
in the bill as follows: I
"That the Government of the Phil
ippines is hereby authorized to aid in
the construction, maintenance and op
eration of railroads In the Philippines,
either by guaranteeing a certain num
ber of bonds to be issued for the pur
pose of raising funds, to be invested in
the construction and equipment of the
said railroads, under proper restriction
to be enacted by the Philippine Com
mission, or any succeeding- Legislature
of the Islands, to secure the actual us<?
in said construction of the money to
be realized from said bonds, or by a
legislative guarantee of said Govern
ment of tl\e " Philippine Islands, that
the capital actually invested in the.
construction and equipment of said
railroads shall yield a net Income not
to exceed 4 per cent per annum, pro
vided thaf the amount of capital to
which said guarantee shall apply shall
be fixed .and set forth in the j act of
guarantee, and that the same ait ahair
apply sufficient rules and governmental
supervision for ascertaining clearly the*
capital actually invested In such rail- •
roads and the income actually received
on the caoital so invested; provided,
further, that the annual pecuniary lia
bility of the Government of the Philip
pine islands under this section whether
In bonds or any guarantee of Invest
ment shall never exceed $1,500,000 in
United States money, and provided,
farther, that said guarantee 'in bond or
investments shall not be valid unless
approved by the President of the Unit
ed States and the Secretary of War."
Gallinger Declares Presi
dent's Office Is Not Fit for
• a Second-Class Lawyer
Missourian Says Cleveland
in Dining . Colored 3Ian
Proved a Good Republican
BY S. W. WALIi.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
Likens messenger in- Senator Bard's of
ficial family. The Senator resides with
his family at La Normandie apartment
house, on Fifteenth' street. His. son
Tom is attending the Washington
School for Boys, on Fanley town- road.
MEMBERS .OF THE HOUSE.
Of the delegation In the House, the
Hon. Victor H. Metcalf and the Hon.
James C Needham have- served three
consecutive terms, and the Hon. James
McLachlan three with an interval after
the first. The other's are all first term
ers. The Hon. V. H. Metcalf of Oak
land, as a member of the. Ways' and
Means Committee, .has a position 'of
great influence on the floor of the
House. He has been very active with,
regard to CaHfornian interests and is
the author of 'the bill providing for an.
additional Federal. Judge for the North
ern District. Mr.'Metcalf Is in the con
fidence of the. leaders of national poli
tics in Washington. With his wife and'
son, Howard, he resides at the Arling-*.
ton Hotel. . Howard attends the Wash
ington School, on Wisconsin avenue.
The Hon. James C. Needham of Mo
desto is a member of the PuWic
Lands and Insular Affairs committees.
He is taking. advantage of that fact to
secure free roads in Yosemite National
Park. He is working to secure the
passage of the 5 per cent bill, and is in
teresting himself in forestry and irriga
tion matters. 'He x will oppose In the
House the. bill introduced by Senator
Perkins providing for the building of
reservoirs in the Hetchy-Hetchy to
carry water f6r San Francisco, on the
ground that the San Joaquin Valley
needs- the"' water for Irrigation. With
his wife and little girt, Mildred, S years
o\ age,-, and Cnauncey, 6 years, Mr.
Needham resides" at the Cecil, a nesv
apartment-house. The children go to
the Force School, on Massachusetts
avenue. ' ¦>- ¦'. '¦-' • .*"
RIVER AXD HARBOR WORK
Mr. McLachlan of Pasadena is "on the
Rivers 'and Harbors Committee jand is'
devoting himself to work in that 'con
nection. "He has been also making a
strong effort in behalf of the Los An ;
geles postotflce site, over which \ there
has been so much trouble,." and is^the
author of. the new bill in the. Hoiise, to
secure the site without increasing the
general appropriation", ; relying upQrt
rext year to get the additionaj- amourjt
necessary to carry out the plans aV-.
ready designed. \ With hi.s family* £Oft
sisting of wife and four; children, : Mri.
McLachlan. lives at 142S Q street. • - .
The Hon. James N. Gillette of Euf&ka
is a member of the Judiciary Commit
tee and the Committee on Expenditures
on Public Buildings.- As a member of
the Judiciary Committee he has had to
do, with' the creation of a new judicial
district in the State of Washington and
the bill providing for* an* "additional
Judge in California. He has for two
weeks past been down in. £*lorida with
a sub-committee consisting of two
others with himself, taking testimony
in the impeachment proceedings
against Judge Swayne. Mr. Gillette
lives 'with his wife and little three
year-old son at the Portland, on Ver
mont avenue. The little boy has been
under the doctor's care almost all the
time since they have been here.
The Hon. Milton J. Daniels of River
side is a member of the Banking and
Currency and Pacific Railroads -com
mittees. Besides working with the?e
committees, Captain DanielB is inter
ested in irrigation Work in Southern
California and has a bill granting- the
California Development Company the
right to divert water from the Colorado
River for that purpose. He has been
also active in behalf of the California
camp site project. With his wife and
daughter and son-in-law he. resides in
the former home of Senator Vest, in
Iowa Circle, at 1204 P street. His son
in-law, Pembers S. Castleman, is act
ing as his private secretary.
This completes the list of the Repub
lican delegation. Of the three others,
the Hon. Theodore A. Bell of Napa
was alone elected as a Democrat and
nothing more. He is on the Committee
on Irrigation and Arid Lands. He is
devoting his energies almost exclusive
ly to agricultural matters and Is work
ing with that department. He has a
bill for the. promotion of the grape and
wine Industry in California and expects
to secure its passage. J. D. Cornell of
•Sacramento is his private secretary.
With his wife and little girl he lives at
the Driscoll apartment-house, on B
street, near the Capitol.
The Hon. E. J. Livernash of San
Francisco is on the committees on En
rolled Bills and Immigration and Nat
uralization. --*,':; •¦¦_'•'.
The Hon. William J. Wynn of. San
Francisco is a member of the commit
tees on Pacific Railroad^ and Indus
trial arts and is bending his endeavors
to secure for the Lewis and Clarke Ex
position at Portland an appropriation
such as he thinks Is due it as a West
ern enterprise and In view of the large
¦sums granted by the . Government to
Chicago and St. -Louis.
WALKER THE CHAIRMAN
COCHRAN'S HOT RETORT
BILL DRAWX BY TAFT
SAY FUNDS ARE WASTED
Booker Washington Dinner
at the White House Pro
vokes a Heated Colloquy
Senators Are Unsparing in
Criticism of Architect's
Design for an Addition
Proposed Statutes Provide
That Philippine Bonds Be
Exempt. From Taxation
Senators and RepYesentatives in Congress Are Compelled to De
vote Themselves to a Tremendous Volume of Work in
Committees, Besides the Activity Demanded on the Floor
President Roosevelt Submits
to the Senate the Isthmian
Canal Board Nominations
NEGRO ISSUE
STIRS WRATH
WHITE HOUSE
ANNEX SCORED
COMMISSIONERS
ARE SELECTED
ISLANDS WILL
GET NEW LAW
LABORS OF A NATION'S LAWMAKERS
SERIOUS AND STRENUOUS BUSINESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, : MARCH 1," " 1904.
Kruger In K-xcellent Ilcalth.
MENTONE; France.. Feb. 29.—Con
trary to the alarming circu
lated 1 in' regard to''the" ; health of Mr.
Kruger, former President of the
Transvaal." Dr. Huysmans, his physi
cian, says that not for. some years has
the health of; Mr. KrugV been aa good
asfat present; '¦;'¦ ¦
Venezuela to Sell Gunboat.
• SAN DOMINGO,. Saturday, Feb. 27 —
The Morales Government has decided
to; buy from , Venezuela the gunboat
Miranda for 1200,000, to be paid in ) six
installments, as well as 5000 . Mauser
rifle* -'and: 1,000,000 "rounds of. ammuni
tion. This j offer ; of war • material
made by 'President -Castro .through .the
Dominican Minister at " Caracas, • Senor
Murder Closes Their. Quarrel.
SALT LAKE, Utah. March 1.— George
G.Porterjwas arrested early, this rribrn
irigr and placed in Jail charged with • the
murder of - his father-in-law, Benjamin
R. Haddock, a former constable. The
killing occurred. at the home of the
.Porters. last night and is said '.to have
been the outcome of an attempt oa the
part of. Haddock to interfere In a quar
rel/.between Porterandjhls^wife.
4
DE. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
HANDICAPPED.
The man who started to ran a race ia
chains and fetters
vrould be visibly WJ /*v| A
handicapped. No ig I s 5 / TO
one would expect ffi \^t/ \J
him to succeed./ 1 1/^ fS5y> Wi
The man wbol 1>. #\ § \ '
runs the race ofi \}lt \'\ f jf /
life when his^-T^ J.J INjf 1
digestive and nu- \T <A \jr*^
tritive organs are jEWa ligy
diseased is equally 1
handicapped. In I »' ¦
the one case his R 11
strength is over- 11 rV II
¦freighted, in the S \\ ||
other it is under- II J \ Jl i
mined. Snccess jl / V II
demands above ||\' Ml
all else a sound ill / \ J\
stomach. SI' \lf A
Doctor Pierce's IW SJW
Golden Medical jp3 (?£_
Discovery cures £j
diseases of the
stomach aad other organs of digestion
and ni^ritioa.
$3,000 FORFERIT will be paid by
World's Dispensary Medicax. Asso-
ciation, Proprietors, Buffalo, N. ..Y., if
they cannot show the original signature
of the individual volunteering the testi-
monial below, and also of the writers of
every testimonial among the thousands
which they are constantly publishing,
thus proving their genuineness.
"The praise I wonld like to gire your * Golden
Medical Discovery* I cannot utter ia word* or
describe with pea." writea .James B. Ambrose,
Esq.. of 1205^ Mlfflin Street. Huntingdon, Pa.
"I was taken with what oar physicians here
said was indigestion. I doctored with, the best
ato-jnd here and found no reliet I wrote to
you and vou sent n»e a qaeftion blank to fin out,
and I did so, and you then adrised me to use
I>r. Pierce's Golden Medical Discover*. I took
three bottles and I felt so good that i stopped.
be:ng: cured. I hare no symptoms of gastric
trouble or indigestion now."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, etnt/reeon receipt of stamps
to cover 1 expense of mailing only.
Twenty-one one-cent stamps for the
book in paper covers,. or 31 stamps for
the cloth-bound volume. ¦ Address. Dr.'
E. ; V. Fierce. BuflalaN. Y. \ ' 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AVOID . ¦ : I
THE CAUSE
OF {
DISEASE .
Nine-tenths of all our diseases. | |
have their beginning witk I |
GONSTIPATIOR I
It is a daty we owe to our |j
body to, secure % free move- 0
ment of the bowels once every H
d«y. The one reliable remedy
•for constipation is jn
HUNYADl JflNOSl
THE HATUBAL LAXATIVE WATER. I
Half a glass on arising gives q
prompt And pleasant relief. g
BROWN'S Bronchial Troches
i^JJZX Give Greatest Relief
frHjjrS Throat Troubles,
.^tt^Qjfr i Sixes omtg. JLf'f/? '•':¦ JS
Aoold Imitation*. <&** <>^<*>AIn 'Japan the nose Is the only fea
ture which attracts attention. The
nose determines the^beauty or ugliness
of the face, according as it, is big or
small. This is probably due to the
fact that difference in noses constitutes
about the only distinction between one
Japanese face and another. The eyes
are invariably black, the cheekbones
high and the chin receding. In Japan
a woman who has a -huge proboscis is
always a : great beauty and i reigning
belle. There are ; a * few large' noses
among-the natives and' lucky is he or
she upon whom nature. lavishes one.
In- all Japanese ; pictures "representing
the supposedly beautiful ¦vvoman'the
artist invariably improves on nature
by depicting this feature as abnor
mally developed.— New ?York Times.
Victims of Xamcs They Bear.
! Many people go through life the vic
tims of their parents', lack of judgment
in naming them; but few are afflicted
as was an individual who lived some
years ago in Augusta, Me., and whose'
tombstone in the cemetery attests the
burden that he bore'. The tombstone
says: "Here lies Ansel O'Gansel Anselo
Ganselo Chandler White Huntoun
Watson. Weep not for me." Scarcaly
less burdened w#s Mrs. Henrietta
Tineratta TIngtong Terio Thompson
of Wisconsin, formerly Henrietta Terio,
which w&s the actual name of a resi
dent of Oshkosh a decade ago. and
Sara Ann Gridley Hatch Holmes Pan
ken Raymond Waterhouse of "Nan
tucket, whose relatives were all re
membered at her christening. To
have escaped such a fate as that -any
plain John Smith should bless his
stars! — Boston Transcript.
Seamless welding of iron and steel
is done in Birmingham, England, by
the use of acetylene and oxygen in "a
blowpipe.
Passenger find the Worst 'of It.
"This dispute about heated trolley
cars," said a man who reads the pa
pers, "bring to my memory a queer
incident of a few weeks ago. It was
during the first few days of the cold
snap and instead of taking my even
ing exercise — that is, walk home from
the-ofTlce — I would ride home on the
car. '•"; \.\:"
"I sat near the front door of the
ca'r and when I saw the motorman
turn his head from the gust at every
intersecting- street my h'eart .went out
to him in. sympathy— in fact, I ex
pressed my sympathies to the conduc
tor, and was sMrp'rised at the answer
that he gave me. He said I was suf
fering more from the cold at that
time than was the motorman, and" the
reason was that the motorman had
paper wrapped all about his b'ody,
from his neck to the tip of his toes,
and that this kept him warm."—Phila
delphia Press.
The Power Behind the Crops.
The colored man, the old mule and
the rope harness may not be a very
up-to-date and attractive outfit, but,
just the same, it is the combination
which is mostly to be credited with
the production of the most valuable
crop in the country next to corn. If
it wcr*> not for this hard times outfit
the world would have to Ret along
with one shirt and go to bed while it
whs being washed. — Rockford (Iowa)
Register.
French Crii!c en \Ysisrc«.
Discussing the American wage ques
tion Efter a study of our last United
States census the Economiste Francais
eays: On whatever basis thpy are con-
Kider^d the conclusion must bo that
American wasres are the highest in the
¦world, and that even if the movement
of In<vea5e Is ju^t now le?s rapid than
at othT thnes nevertheless the upward
tendency is Ftill general. This high
•wage scale fully; justifies the economic
theory that the great regulator of
wages is the rr^iuctivlty of labor. This
is incontcstahly greater in the United
States than anywhere else.
Established thus on the basis of
highly raid but extremely productive
labor, of bold and procrospiv; capital,
a Fpirit of enterprise' always awake to
search after better things, and finally
on a natural v.calth which is really
colossal, no one need he surprised if
American industry should brcome the
most powerful in all the world. — New
York Commercial.
San Jose Nurseryman Dies.
SAX JOSE, Feb. 29.— Mark S. Stone,
a well known nurseryman of this
county, died .it the O'Connor Sanita
riurn^from an operation for appendi
citis/ Deceased had been III about a
week. He was a native of Contra Cos
ta County, this State, and was 39
years of age. Fora number of years
he conducted a nursery in this city.
Stone was never married. Besides his
parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. Z. Stone, a
brother and sister survive him. The
remains will be taken to Martinez for
interment.
Prominent Icmtessccan Dead.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Feb. 29.—Col
onel Jere Baxter died to-day after an
illness of five weeks. Colonel Baxter
was one of the most prominent citi
zens in the State and played- a con
spicuous part in its military and civil
annals. ".".';'
•The English Co-operative. Wholesale
Society Has 1.392,399 members and
does'an annual business of $89,500,000.
The similar Scotch society does $29,
500,000 of business.
So important is the Pasteurizing of
milk tieemed by Russia that the Impe
rial Minister of Agriculture has an
nounced an international, competitive
show of apparatus for that purpose in
St. Petersburg next spring.
Are Statesmen Doomed?
Ernest Wurn was arraigned before
Magistrate Crane in the Jefferson Mar
ket Police Court, charged with the lar
ceny of $4 00 from the firm of B* Alt
man & Co. When Wurn's case was
called Magistrate Crane asked:
"Do you smoke cigarettes?"
"Yes," Wurn replied.
"Cigarette smoking is the ' direct
cause of crime," Magistrate Crane said.
"It befuddles the brain."
To the complainant, who repre
sented the firm, the magistrate said:
"The best thing you can do is to get
up a petition in all the cities of this
country for the United States Govern- J
ment to prohibit the sale of cigarettes.
Ninety-nine per cent of the criminals
brought before me are cigarette smok
ers. It weakens the will power. In
thirty years there will be^no statesmen
left in the United States if the use of
cigarettes continues." — New York \
Times. j
. yjy. Sally Sharp.
A charming dinner was given in- the
palm garden of the Palace* lasf night
by Mr. -and Mrs: Joseph S. Spear Jr.
in honor of Mrs. ,L. M. -Shaw, wife of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and her
daughters," Miss Enid and Miss Emma
Shaw, who are on a short visit to the
Pacific Coast. . . ' .
. The table, set amid the palms, was
exceptionally pretty in Its garlanding
— fruit blossoms in rich array lying
upon the cloth; tied, with pink and blue
silken streamers. Bouquets of violets
lay at every place, while pink and sil
ver shades sent forth a roseate glow.
Besides the guests of honor there
were present Colonel F. S. Stratton and
Mrs. Stratton. Colonel John P. Irish
and Mrs. Irish, William B. Hamilton
and Mrs. Hamilton, Chauncey St. John,
Frank Daugherty, Judge SamiJel P.
Hall, Dr. Blue and Mrs. Alexander
Sharon. ::^:j
Next Thursday -afternoon the emi
nent Shakespearean reader, Marshall
Durragh, will appear before the Chari
ning Auxiliary, in ' the Unitarian
church, in his clever interpretations of
the bard of Avon.
The lecture and those that follow
promise to receive the attentions, from
society folk -they so well deserve, and
it will be distinctly bad taste not to
have attended at least one of the three
talks. "Twere better form to wear your
last year's hat than not to .be seen at
some of them.
Commander Reginald F. Nicholson
and wife left on Sunday for San Diego.
In his popularity Commander Nichol
son is ably abetted by his wife, in
whom are centered the qualities that
make toward hospitality.
Mrs. J. C. B. Hebbard entertained
a coterie of friends at luncheon on
Saturday, "which added fresh laurels to
the popularity of the hostess. The
docorations were red — the color of the
hour — and the name-cards were little
gems of wit; each one bearing- some
clever skit.
The following ladies were enter
tained: Mrs. John I. Sabin, Mrs. A. P.
Duzer, Mrs.. Henry Payot, Mrs. Charles
Goodall, Mrs. ' J. M. Litchfield. Mrs.
Byron Mauzy, Mrs. J. : Homer Fritch,
Mrs. 'H. H. Young. Mrs. A. J. Raisch,
Mrs. Frank Fredericks, Miss' Alice
Schroth and Misa Florence Q" Schroth.
A theater party will be given to
night at the California, where 'ISag
Harbor" is the attraction, by William
B.' Gross, general manager of the
Herne attractions.' The party will be
composed of Mrs. Leslie M. Shaw and
the Misses Shaw; wife and daughters
of- the Secretary of the United States
Treasury; Commissioner of Public
Works T. P. Woodward and wife, ex-
Congressman 1 Julius Kahn and wife
and Mrs. :Prag. Mr. and Mrs. Kahn
entertained^ the same, party at din
ner "on. Sunday, night and after dinner
a tour, of Chinatown was made.
Sixty, and tlie Motlier of- Twins.
A Christmas present • for " Charles.
Ritter. an aged farmer of Bristol pike
and Pennsylvania lane, was a fine pair
of boys, who will be named Joseph
and James, as soon as preparations for
a christening celebration can be com
pleted. .
The boj-s have three -brothers, but
they "will never have them for play
mates. Charles Ritter Jr., the eldest,
is S3 yesrs old. and Albert, the young
rst of the three, is only ten years hjs
junior.
Mr. Ritter. .-who is 70 years' old. and
but ten years older than his wife,
csxne to this country from his native'
town in Saxony in 1S50. For the last
forty years he has been engaged in
farming: in the northeastern" section of
th J e county. His wife is also of Ger
man birth, having come to this city
from Cassel, in Hesse. Nine children
have blessed- their union. Mrs. Rit
ter does not look more than 40 years
of age, although she is 60.
Mr. Ritter was the picture of hap
piness this morning and expressed his
Intention of continuing work on his
farm as long as he should live. The
twins are healthy and strong. — Hart
ford (Ky.) Republican.
Cost of Ix;ap Year.
The fact that this is a leap .year
carries with it an effect apt to be
"oveHqoked, which is that the annual
expenses of governing the nations will
be considerably increased by the in
clusion of the extra day. This comes
home with the greatest force to
i those Governments which have the
! largest armies to feed and provide for.
i The French Budget Commission, now
l-sitting, is met by the fact that the one
j day will add to the expenses of the
War Office for 1904 a sum of nearly
800,000 francs, which will be expend-
I ed In rations for the men and forage
} for the horses. When all the various
j state departments are separately con
sidered, the total sum runs into sev
eral millions of francs. — London Tit-
Bits.
DINNER GIVEN
IN HONOR OF
MRS. L. M. SHAW
Daniel on Negotiable Instruments.
Senator Daniel of Virginia is a dis
tinguished lawyer and author of one
of the standard law textbooks—"Dan
iel on Negotiable Instruments." He
used to «ive lectures in a law school,
and one day he explained how he
came to write the book. He sa4d he
was in his office some years ago when
a man came in and asked him If
sight drafts carry three days of grace.
He didn't know. None of the other
lawyers knew, and it took a visit to
the bank to find out. He then deter
mined to write a comprehensive work
on all negotiable instruments, and he
did so. As the Senator was finishing
a young man in the class said: "Sen
ator, do sight drafts carry three days
of grace?" Daniel hemmed and
hawed, looked confused, and finally
said: "Upon my soul, young man. I
have forgotten." — New York Tribune.
OPPOSES GRANTING OF . . .
•AMATEUR BOXING PERMITS
Pacific Athletic Association. Calls At
¦ tention' of Board of Supervisors .".
'. ' " .' to. Existing 'Ordinance..- -: ••'.'•
-'• The Pacific Athletic Association.. -pe-.
•titioned the Board of .Supervisors yes^'.
terday'to defer action on all applic'a-:
tions tot amateur boxing permits until.
the organization has been given -an/op
portunity, to- explain 'why' such' 'permits
should notbe -granted.'- The pe'titiq'n;
which was referred to the" Police ;Com'
mittee, is. signed by E. -J... Ljnch^T.'-I.
Fitzpatrick .and George' James, '.'and'
.says: ' - /•*,'¦ .
"Recently some of the clubs giving
these contests grossly violated- all ama
teur rules by giving the contests but
.side^of -.their own gymnasiums and by
•paying the contestants a percentage'-of
the receipts,- ia one instance amount
ing to $1300. The clubs were' expelled,
from the association and they are now
applying for boxih*, permits, ¦ the
granting, of -which'. wouVd be-in, con
flict with -an existing ordinance passed
by the board.'.' t;"*.i' \:
•'The' Lincoln. Athletic Club was
granted a permit. to hold an amateur
boxing contest on Friday evening,
March 11. ' The club is one 'of those
expelled from the. Pacific Association.
OAKLAND, Feb.. 29.— George P. Mor
tow, a well-known, grain broker knd. a
••prominent clubman and politician of
•this city, died -early this morning at. his
home;. -416 Forty-ninth 'street; after. fC
brief i'llness. / Deceased \v.as a native" of
San Francisco,- .wh'ere he was in busi
ness' up. to' the time *of his death. '• Hfe'
-.was a -.member of th^' Produce' Ex
'change anH the fihamber of Commerce
o£ that. city.. '•'."¦• • '.-.' •'••'•• '.' : ; -:\
Mr:..Mprxovvwas a member 6f> th.e lb-'
cal. iod'ge. at • '] Elks an'd . also . of • -.£ he
Athenian Club, with" 'which' h.e. had-beeri
associated. for many years. " He was. a
prominent /politician .and was .one"; of
th'e.organiz-ers'.of the' Republican.'AMI-
•ance qf Oaklartd.^of which he- was also:'
twice elected president! '..While 'ne'ver';
.himself an aspirant- for any office' .JVir.
Morrow took a deep' interest' in' loCa'i
politics .and was an untiri.njg campaign-,
er- in 'behalf '"of . his friends.
. "Altho'ugh . Mr. Morrow" was' -born In*'
San. Efancisco. and carried' on his-busi
ness jn that city, he has lived- nearly
all his life in Oakland. .He studied in"
the public schools of this city. and is-a
graduate of the .University 'of Califor
nia. -" - -
TJie deceased was a son of the late
George M6rro\v," a \ pioneer hay . and
grain mercha-nt of San Francisco, and
at'the time of his death, which was
caused .by brain' trouble, was 4G years
of ag.e. ..He leaves a wife, Nancy J.
Morfow, 'and two children, a so.n,
George W. Morrow, aged 21, and a
daughter, Rachael M. Morrow, aged 18.
The son is now in Nevada and ar
rangements for the Cuneral will not be
made until his return.
SACRASffiNTO NOT UNEASY'.
R'.Ter Is Falling: and Levees Protect
the City.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 29.— The Sacra
mento River is steadily, falling, regis
tering 25.9 feet at noon to-day. So far
as Sacramento is concerned this fact is
of. merely .passing interest, for there
.has never' been a. time during the "pres
ent htgh water that the. least, fear frojn".
floo.d has-been felt The. levees about'
the city-- offer 'absolute protection.' : : -v.
.' T.he~ back water -which- has. inundated
th% country south 'of the city limits' is
falling -steadily- The -water which has.
it's ultimate ..outlet into' the Mokelumne..
River, had been held in check by. a -nat
ural ridge northeast of .Freeppft, which
caused' a steady. ¦' ris'e .between' t-haf
poiii.t and .'the Y.-s.treet levee". for, a cou
ple ''of. days.: This ridge has been -topped'
will'not go higher, i
The. water -which escaped through 'the
Edwards break reached the vicinity- of
New Hop.e yesterday and last.night be
came •troublesome. The flood- plane .of ':
the, Mokelumne was -already at " its
highost-and the'added water.' frorn' the -
Edwards bre.ak caused great alarm. •
• A special- to; the -Bee; from. Walnut*
Grove; at rtoori states that the.-cro'ss-
levee ' on the Crawford-Clark ranch •
near" there went out at 2 o'clock .this
morning. This was due to the pressurd
of the- backwater from the Edwards
break. A ¦ telephone -message from
Clarksburg eafly. this afterncon -stated
that Grand and Merritt islands' were"
all right and that the Lisbon district js
safe. The river at the location's named
was falling' and the' backv.f.ter from
the Yolo Basin is at a standstill.. • . '
A special message to the Bee, from
Rio Vista, at noon -was to the effect
that the water in the river at that hour '
was an inch higher than it was during
the flood period of 1902, but the levees
in that locality were reported to be in
tact* Rain was falling at that place
and great uneasiness was felt lest' the
rain should be general throughout the
upper valley. ,
Railroad traffic has been reopened
between this city and Oroville.
Snow Is ten feet deep at Summit, in
the mountains.
Waters Are Highest Known in Thirty-
Six Years.
AXTIOCH LEVEES YIELD.
ANTIOCH, Feb. 29.— Sherman Islana
is withstanding the flood. There are,
however, two large cracks in the cross
levee on the upper division on Mayber
ry Slough, through which the water is
pouring. The levee between the cracks
has begun to settle and water is boiling
under it between the fissures. A force
of men is at work strengthening the
ievee with bags of sand. About 200
acres are under water. They are try
ing to get a dredger, and hope to have
one at.this danger point to-night. Mr.
Upham, one of the principal owners,
says that it looks pretty blue, but" he
hopes that the levees will hold out. To
day the water here was higher than it
has been for thirty-six years. The riv
ers are full of: floating debris. The
levees on the Tyler Island and Sargent
tracts have given way and the fertile
land presents the appearance of an in
land sea. '
Boy Wanted Full Instructions.
"During one of my vislis through
the country districts," said the profes
sor, "I happened to reach a small vil
lage where they were to have a flag
raising at +he schoolhouse. After the
banner had been 'flung to the breeze'
there was an exhibition of drawings
which the pupils had made and of
the work they had done during 'the
year. •
''The tea'ch'er recited to them 'The
La'nding of the ¦ Pilgrims,' and after
! she had finished she requested each
] pupil to try and draw from, his or her
(.imagination a picture of Plymouth
Rock. . . .• '¦; V; - •
• ."Most of them went to work at
"once, but" one little fellow, hesitated
and at length raised his hand.
."'Well. Willie, what is it?' asked
I the teacher.
" 'Ple.ase, ma'am- do you want us
to draw a hen' or a rooster?' "—Phila
delphia Press:
George P. Morrow,- Prominen
• in Business and Poli
tic?, Passes Away.
Archacolosy in Greece.
/¦;A French." archaeologist ha£ pre
sented the" sum of 50;000 franc3 to the
French School of Archaeology for con
tinuing the excavations of the school
in Greece. . The new Minister of Edu
cation, 31. Staes, who Is a native of
and member from the island of
Kythera. is taking steps to have fur
ther explorations made at the bottom,
of the channel near that island. * It
will be remembered that it was from
here that, during M. Staes' former
tenure of office, the famous statue,
variously known as the Hermes. Per
seus, or Paris of Antikythera, was
fished up. It is believed that other
treasures might be recovered by divera.
so that much interest attaches to M.
Staes' efforts to come to terms with a
company which is accustomed to such
work. — New York Commercial Adver
tiser. •; _V"
WELL-KNOWN POLITICIAN
AND BUSINESS 1 MAN WHO
DIED IN OAKLAND.
SEATTLE. "Wash., Feb. 29. — Marine
surveyors representing th« underwrit
ers to-day began investigation of the
damage to the steamship Queen re
eultingr from the fire aboard her while
et sea Saturday morning.' Though the
disastrous work of the flames Is plain
ly visible, a report giving lrr detail the
loss Is required. Her cargo. 'amount-
Ing to 1300 tons of general freight,
was damaged by flre and water, par
ticularly the latter. It is roughly es
timated that fully 20 per cent of the
frelg-ht stored beneath the saloon deck
has been made worthless. • - ¦ ¦
Th» survey will probably be com
pletfd to-morrow. . With Its.conclu
sion the agents of the underwriters
and the manage" ot the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, which owns the
vessel, win confer respecting the ad
justment cf the loss'. :/'-'¦ ¦..'¦"-¦¦
General. Manager F.ord of the Pa
cific Const Steamship Company stated
to-fiay that the Queen would be re
paired, but that nothing would be
planned until the surveyors had con
¦ du<Je"d their labors. The steamship
Senator may take the' Queen's place
on the San Francisco run. ' • .
'•• The Queen Is still at. the dock,
which was thronged with- people all
<5av. Only those with passes -could get
'aboerd. for. free acepp's lyould. haw re
tarded the work of the surveyors and
those discharging .her. ' t..*
Captain Cousins "was. about the ship
ell day. He was congratulated and
varmly praised for the wqrk he_ and'
tils crew hail rendered In saving the
vessel. Most of the- credit.'. he- said.
fhould be bestowed .uptfn trie cr*w and
passengers. He requested special men-'
-*V»n of the men in the engineer's.de
partment, the first," second, third and
•fourth cfFcers. ¦ •
Captain of the Yessel Gives
Yery Generous Praise . to
the Officers and Also the
Engineers Department
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or w Feb. '29. — Al
though F. D. Love Is 53 years old, his
own son has been'appointed as guar
dian to prevent his father from dis
sipating his fortune. Love, who has
three grown daughters In Oakland,
Cal., is one of the £elrs to the Cap
tain Love estate here, valued at near
ly $100,000. He realizes that'he has
made mistakes, and admits that he
might do so again. He expresses satis
faction that his son ha3 been ap
pointed to take care of his property.
"I took a young lady as a friend,"
said Love to-day, "when she was
homeless. I spent * large sums of
money on her and now she spurns me
after trying to . rob me of my money
and real estate. She promised to
marry me and I took her to San Fran
cisco four months ago. There I spent
at least $5000 on her and deeded her a
house and lot. Then she got me to go
into the saloon business in San Fran
cisco with her brother, but he lost
money for me." I scarcely can believe
that she would treat me so."
Facial Dispatch to .The Call
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 29.— Alleging
that her. husband, Sf. J. Delahunt, has
been cruel,' Mrs. Mary Delahunt" to-day
filed suit against him for divorcerDela
hunt is well known among commercial
travelers. The couple were married on
January 2, 1893, in San Franicsco, but
have resided here for some years. In
Tier complaint Mrs. Delahunt says that
her husband has frequently threatened
to beat her and that he recently drove
her out of the house. Eh* went with
her two children to the house of a
neighbor and has lived there since, re
fusing to return to her own home.
The Delahunt residence is a fine
suburban house 'valued at $15,000. Mrs.
Delahunt asks for a third interest In all
the real estate and lor $200 a month ali
mony and for her attorney's fees. She
also asks for the custody of the chil
dren, and wants the .court to order
Delahunt to pet aside a sum of money
in addition to her alimony for their
education. Delahunt's Income is quoted
in the complaint as being not less e than
$5000 a year.
Mrs. Delahunt s'ald that her husband
after* driving her out of the house had
sent word to her that If she sued him
for a divorce he w.->uld kill her v and the
court accordingly issued an injunction
forbidding Delahunt to see, mojest or
speak to his vrife during the progress
of the suit. • . ' • . •
¦ VAL.LEJO, Feb. 29.— The body" of an
unknown man was found on the beach
back of the marine barracks on Mare
Island this morning. McDonald's un
dertaking wagon* was sent over for the
body and It was brought to this city.
Under date of February 19 Coroner
McDonald received a letter from W. C.
Croxon of Black Diamond saying that
George H. Booth of the Sacramento
River Packing Company had left Black
Diamond in a duck boat on Sunday.
February \i, to cross the river to Col
linsville, and had not since been heard
from. The boat was afterward seen
floating bottom up .in the bay, and
Croxon asked the Coroner to notify him
if an unidentified body was found. Cor
oner McDonald telephoned Croxon at 1
o'clock this afternoon, and the latter
will come to Vallejo to-morrow morn
ing to see if the body is tha£ of Booth.
The body had only a pair of shoes anJ
belt on when found, and it is possible
that the man tried- to swim ashore
when the boat capsized.
. STOCKTON, Feb. 29.— The east bank
of the Sacramento River broke fifteen
miles north of New Hope at 3 o'clock
this morning. . Sixty thousand acres
north of the Mokelumne River were.in
undated. The flood waters carried
.every levee .before them. They poured
into the Mokelumne River, raising that
stream until it burst the banks on, the
south .side, 'flooding 7000 acres In the
New Hope djstrict. It Is the most dis
astrous flood In the* northwestern part
of this county since 1881. *?£.$%
While all danger of the flood has
passed bo far as Stockton is concerned,
the country to the east and northeast
Is not so well off. The Tyler Island
levees have broken and the water is
pouring through gaps which it will be
Impossible to close.
From Ryer .Island comes the report
that the water is up to th'e top of the
embankment, with prospects of an
overflow at the first high tide. Grand
'Island is considered safe. It is not be
lieved that the Staten Island levees
will hold out the day. * •
. i BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Feb. 29. — Ac
cording' to" reports received by the of
ficials of the Alabama Great South
ern Railroad the shooting of two
¦postal clerks on a northbound train
to-day,- two miles north of
Miss., was part of a plot to rob the
train. . The shooting was done by Jim
Paris, a negro, who boarded the train
in the Meridian yards as it was pull
ing out. Before it was under good
headway Paris entered the postal car
and opened fire on Clerks J. T. Stock
ton and A. J. Bass, killing Stockton
instantly and wounding Bass in the
arm. "Jhe negro then seized a package
of registered letters and Jumped off.
In leaving the train he fell and had
one leg crushed undei-'the wheels, but
managed to drag himself three miles.
Bloodhounds were secured at Meri
dian, the train having backed to that
place. Their scent led to the capture
of Paris. Several of the registered let
ters were found in his pocket, tie
was taken" to jail at Meridian. The
railroad' officials say three or "four
negroes were involved in. the plot to
rob the train, though, only one of them
appears to have 'entered the postal
car. • , ¦;:;¦¦'"
MERIDIAN, „. Miss.. . Feb". 29.— J. P.
Paris, the negro charged with the kill
ing of John R. Stockton, a m,ail clerk;
the serious wounding of JohirA. Bass,
another mail clerk, and" the robbery of
the mail car of the Alabama Great
Southern train, which left this-citj: this
morning for Birmingham, is in - the
county jail, which is guarded by thr.ee
companies Qf State 'troops. • ;
I'aris' was captijred, ea'rly" to-day,
bloodhounds-' following, a. bloody -trail
'strewn- w'ith"' bits of registered letters
to a *ne?rb cabin.*' w.herg Paris jvas
found. .A •spe.clal .session of the , court
h'a.S'been called .to. fry the "p'rlsoner.* It
Is thought that more, than one. person
wasjmplicated'in.the robbery alndothe
negro, family jn whose cabin. Paris was
captured ha.s been placed under arrest..
CROWDS ON CRAFT .
C . ..AT SEATTLE DOCK
Court . at Portland ¦- Issues
Injunction That Prohibits
a Meeting of the. Couple
Grand Island' Is Safe,, but
• Bad- Reports Come From
Antioch Farming Districts
Bloodhounds Track '.One
to Hiding Place, Where He
¦: Is Found With the Booty
'in a Duck Boat and Friends
Believe He Was Drowned
He Leaves Black Diamond
Elderly Man's Affection for a
Young Woman Said toHave
• Cost Him Many Thousands
MISSING FOR TWO WEEKS
* of Under
.. "writers .Busy With Dam
' aged Freight on the Pacific
..'Coast Steamship -Queen
COIN DECLARED IN PERIL
SEVERAL IN THE PLOT
SHE TELLS OF THEEATS
Waters Cut Through Banks
of Sacramento and- Inun
date'Lands Near New Hope
MOKELUMNE IS FEARED
Lawsuit Filed in the Ore
gon Metropolis by Spouse
of a Well-Known Eesident
Heir to a Vast Estate in
V-Portland Meets With Ob
stacles on Love's Highway
Officers Learn the Motive of
Negro for the Attack on
' Two Express Messengers
Remains of a Maii Picked Up
on Mare Inland May Solve
Mystery of G. H.- Booth
SURVEYORS
DELVE IN
THE CARGO
SHOOT CLERKS
TO ROB TRAIN
SON TO GUARD
SIRE'S WEALTH
FLOODS MELT
STRONG LEVEES
BODY IS FOUND;
ON THE BEACH
GRAIN BROKER
CALLED FROM
LIFE'S SCENE
WIFE ACCUSES
THE HUSBAND
THE SAN : FRANCISCO CALL,; TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1904.
.:- The Office of Premier/of Great^Brit
aln, as feuch, r does not * carry; with ' It
any salary.- *
The Danish Co-operative Egg Ex
port Society, with 30,000 . members,
sold last year $4,380,000 worth of eggs,
principally In London. ¦
Beating the Old Country.
Of photographs, chromos, drawings
and engravings the United States sells
Canada 5250,000 worth, as against $40,000
worth coming from England. And the
sum spent by Canadians on' English
Bibles, prayer-books/ psalm and hymn
books has diminished by a in the
¦fast. five years, while- our own exports
Across our northern frontier have ex
actly doubled in the same time.
Robbers Make Use of This Herb.
In-New Caledonia there is said to be
a herb which , has the -rare property
of revealing one's secrets. It is known
as the datum, stramonium and has
white flowers . and : rough ' berries, " full
of dark grains.* They are treated of
in the current . number of Annals of
Hygiene and Colonial , Medicine. A'
person' who has swallowed the tea.
made "of this herb will after falling
asleep -tell-where; his money is hidden
and^will -also 'arise and go direct to
where his treasure is concealed. Rob
bers often use; this tea "as^knockout
drops with which. to rob .their, victims.'
—Boston Globed
The Nose in Japan.
5
SALEatSLOANE'S
There ccyi be no possible doubt as to the
truth of these reductions. The values are re-
markable, representing an endless variety of the
best, examp es in Furniture for hall, Parlor,
Dining-room, and Bedroom — in Upholstery, Lace
Curtains, Oriental and Domestic Rugs— marked
down 20 to 50 P-r cent. We cite these examples
for illustration:
COLONIAL ROCKER- CO Rfl
Wooi^eat. $5.00 to OOiOU
Cathedral Oak ARM CHAIR— 07 nn
Rush seat, high hack. ••' $12.50 to OliUU
Ladles' French WRITING TABLE- pqa nn
Solid mahogany. $35.00 to OZH-iUU.
Old Mission EXTENSION TABLE— QQn nn
Top 50 inches hg 10 feet. $50,00 to OjUiUU
Weathered Oak SOFA—
Seat'and hack upholstered Dyir nn
In Spanish leather. . $72.50 to OH-UiUU
TWIN BRASS BEDS-
Finest finish, 3 feet 6 Inches. 07R flfl
$120.00 to OIOiUU
{Per Pair*
You have now the advantage of a large choice
from the most exclusive assortment, which of
course will grow less. as the sale advances. Goods
purchased at s.ale can be. left here to suit owner's
' pleasure," but special • price pieces cannot be ex-
' changed nor returned.
SLOANE5
PG)ST,earKEARNY
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WL 1 PINNERWARE?
/^^ S^0Zx3 rk IF so Y0U WILL \
\W$^T^^^!^0M Yq recognize the >]
jfcS^ e e^J Vc OF THIS HIGH-GRADE SET \(
! •^ l — -r- ¦T75j«yf'C^.-i, - „¦ ~r^J\\ *¦ F dOHN MADDOCK & SONS' ' (
; I^RpYAL^TREOUS' ' fSK^hr - »¦
.Ij , 103 rMbwfcb $IO.O5 BE HAD^WANTCD 'I
>/ TAKE A PEEP AT OUR bUSH STREET WINDOWS <
I -. «
in 12,2.-132. SUTTERST;
1,1 I' - . ¦ . ! - . \ ¦¦-¦. . .Vl.lIn Northern Italythere is a co-oper
atiVe association ¦ for every 1000 In
habitants.
Burglars Loot Woman's Room.
BERKELEY, Feb. 29. — Burglars
entered the room of Miss Bertha Bur
dels of Dwight way and Milvla street
for the seventh time -last night and
stole $7 from a bureau drawer. There
is no clew to the burglars. Miss Bur
dels found her room ransacked six
times previously,, but in . spite of a
vigilant watch has been unable to cap
ture the thieves.
.BERKELEY, Feb. 29.— The first
serious effort to test the qualities of
the , California climate and soil for
growing date paljns is about to be
made in the south. The plant intro
duction bureau . of the United States
Department . of . Agriculture has just
accepted a . tender of fifteen acres ¦ of
land* at, Mecca, Riverside County, and
will begin at once to" plant the j young
palms" with which the. experiment will
be made; „ It", is proposed to , plant five
acres the first year.'
Date Palms for the South.
Free sample ' given of "De Carleton" cream
and free facial massage all this , week. Miss
M. A. Bloedel & Co., 025 13th «t., Oakland. •
Fines Too Sportive Negro.
OAKLAND, Feb. 29. — Police Judsr*
George Samuels fined Alfred Gaston.
a negro, $50 this morning because the
colored man while Intoxicated pulled
a pistol on William Ward and Asa Co
burn on Eleventh street ' to compel
them to do a Cakewalk on the street.
The police interfered with Gaston's
sport in time to prevent casualties.
Burglar Steals Jewelry.
OAKLAND. Feb. 29. — Mrs. Alfred
E- Frontier, residing at 479 Twenty
third street, has reported to the po
lice that a burglar ransacked the
house yesterday and stole a gold
watch and necklace.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Feb. 29.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Fred H. Mook,
28, and Sadie M. Day. 25, both of San
Francisco: William S. Quest, 31, and
Lena F. Bookhout, 25, both of Oak
land: Henry W. Attenborough, 3", and
Susie Leathorn, 30, both of San Fran
cisco.
The building will be built "entirely
of brjck and stone, and will front on
both Fourteenth and Harrison streets.
It will be 100 by 100 feet, and will be
approximately 70 feet in helghf. When
completed and occupied It will have
cost about $100,000.
When the building is finished, the
members of the Scottish, Rite in this
city, numbering about 400, will be in
possession of the most perfectly ap
pointed cathedral in the United States.
A portion of the second floor will be
two stories in height and will be used
as an assembly hall, being lighted by
windovrB on three Bides and a large
skylight. In the other section of the
second floor a stage will be built with
a proscenium arch 30 by 35 feet, a
length of 65 feet # and a depth of 35 feet.
The stage will be thoroughly modern
and fireproof and will be supplied with
several sets of elegant scenery. The
stage will be used for the exemplifica
tion of the work of the order, and for
entertainments given under 'the aus
pices of the Scottish Rite.
The new cathedral will be three sto
ries in height, the first floor being one
story and a half after the plan of the
Central Bank Building, the basement
being lighted Jby windows on a level
with the sidewalk. The basement will
be used for a kitchen and store rooms.
On the first floor, the ladies' and gen
tlemen's parlore, library, billiard, read
ing and smoking rooms will be lo
cated.
TI.e association of members of the
Scottish Rite of this city, which is to
erect the new*Scottish Rite Cathedral
on the southwest corner of Fourteenth
and Harrison streets, has agreed upon
the plans desired and instructions
have been given to competing archi
tects which must be followed in the
preparation of plans for the new
structure.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 29.
OAKLAND, Feb. 29.— C. S. Mac-
Mullan appeared before the Board
of Supervisors this morning and
asked the board why it had not al
lowed his claim for $21,790 80 for find
ing unassessed property on the Ala
meda County tax rolls. Chairman
Mitchell replied that his demand had
been referred to the Finance Commit
tee, which had reported adversely on
his bill.
MacMuIlan Wants Money.
Scottish Eite Association
Agrees Upon Interior De
sign for New Structure
PERFECT PLANS
FOR CATHEDRAL
The Glee Club, Hart Greensfelder,
editor of the Occident; the university
band, Merrill and De Leon, Hopkins,
Duncan and Keane contributed the
other numbers of the entertainment.
Student labor day is an institution
entirely original with the students of
the University of California. It was
founded eight years ago and was in
spired by the university's poor purse.
The treasury was empty and improve
ments were necessary. Some one sug
gested that the students do some neces
sary work themselves, and "the idea
soon took tangible form.
The students were organized and the
last three days of February set apart
for. laboring. There were not so many
students in those days, so it took all
of the three days. to! do the work. On
the last. 'day then a celebration was
held, just as to-day. '/
This evening a big celebration was
held in the Greek Theater. The the
ater's seating capacity of 7000 was fully
taxed and its walls reverberated i with
the yells and songs of the students.
There were fireworks and speeches and
music and "stunts." Max Thelen,
president of ' the associated students,
presided, and J. E. Roadhouse, deputy
yell leader, directed the yelling iand
singing.
Dr. George F. Reinhardt of the class
of '97 told the multitude how the labor
day was founded in 1898 and what the
students did in three days of hard
work. Professor Edmund O'Neill spoke
upon "The Significance of Labor Day,"
and Professor C. L. Corey, who la
bored himself for a while among the
students this morning, told' what a
fortunate thing the new tradition is
for the university.
made the target for all the cast-off
bread and pie because he did not yell
loud enc ugh and empty pie plates filled
the air. Miss Elizabeth Arneill, com
ing in late with a case full of pies, was
surrounded by a swarm of the unap
peased and almost crushed in the
struggle for more pie. All of the pas
try was lost before it could be sent to
a safer place.
The luncheon came to a halt at last
for sheer lack of anything else to eat,
and then the students went back to
finish up the work so gallantly begun
j in the morning. At 5 o'clock the bugle
rang out again and the second student
labor day had come to an end.
RIG CELEBRATION. };*
The whole feast ¦was-; the handiwork
of the women students themselves, who
assessed themselves 15 ! cents apiece to
buy the bread and flour and, coffee.
Hearst Hall's cooking range furnished
the heat and there the co-ed pastry
cooks toiled and toiled all morning'on
the pies, while the less experienced kept
two- hands . going on sandwiches and
lemonade, and beans.
.The feast over the workmen spent
what, remained of their hour of grace
in giving .went.. to, their college and
class yells. The "Oski wow wow", and
the "Give • me ,the .pie", and other ; . fa
miliar "yells' were hurled back and forth
across , the courti "Little V Mini," ; thef
hero of last year's varsfty eleven, was
By. some oversight the supply of
gravel was allowed to run short this
afternoon and it was necessary to call
a recess until thirteen more loads could
be contracted for, the interval being
occupied by the students in running
races and doing other "stunts." Among
the diversions was the ducking of Rich
ard O'Connor, former editor of the
Daily . Californian, in the stream . of
Strawberry Creek, this punishment be
ing meted to him for playing "hookey"
for half a day and then appearing in
his Sunday clothes.
At noc-n, regardless of jumpers and
overalls and old clothes, the toilers
formed the lockstep and marched -to
the basket-ball court adjoining Hearst
Hall. There they were welcomed by
the co-ed contingent, marshaled by
Miss Margaret Henderson, chairman of
the women students' committee. The
pleasure of "passing out the feed" was
for all the women ' students, who had
gathered there 'in response to the call
of the president of the Associated Wo
men Students, Miss Martha Rice." The
committee of assistants consisted of
Miss Sarah McLean, Belle Cooled^e,
Edith HatfieM, Eva Gray, Nettie Haw
kins, Madue Cope, Bessie Forse, Na
talie Wdllenberg, Bessie Trowbfidge,
Alice, Phillips and Marlon Craig.
Sandwiches and pie and doughnuts
and tarts and coffee were served to
the hungry and clamorous from tables
spread in the middle of "the court.
Among these the students swarmed
and received their "hand outs" from
their co-ed friends. Wooden plates
served in, the place- of the more'gen^
teel kind and one tin spoon did duty
for coffee and pie alike.
HANDIWORK OF WOMEN.
it was deemed fit for use. Then it was
shoveled into wheelbarrows and carted
off to the paths for distribution. It
was spread out to a proper thickness
by gangs armed with tampers and aft
erward rolled over and over again with
a heavy roller. • r v-f-
In lieu of horses the students turned
themselves into steeds and dragged the
rollers and scrapers after them. . This
idea was conceived by "Sam" Stow, the
big left guard of last year's varsity
football team, who was lucky enough
to be appointed a foreman. The steeds
were mostly freshrrien, who were forced
to submit to a hitching process by their
upper class superiors.
GRAVEL RUNS SHORT.
day in May. .
Fitzgerald explained that his pur
pose was to insure the Council against
any chance that a basis for fixing wa
ter rates might not be secured before
the new fiscal year begins. The reso
lution also provided that rates shall
be fixed by ordinance. After discus
sion the matter was referred to the
City Council without recommendation.
Councilman Fitzgerald introduced a
resolution directing City Engineer
Turner to muke a report on the valu
ation of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany's plant. The resolution provided
that Turner's figures should be placed
in a sealed envelope and be used in
the event that the proposed arbitra
tion committee should not reach a de
cision on valuation by the third Mon-
OAKLAND, Fe.b. 29.— The- City
Council to-night in committee of the
whole resumed the water rate fixing
inquiry.- President George W. Dor
nin declared his belief that_ the only
logical way to fix water rates was on
a meter basis — so much fpr each 1000,
gallons consumed. A. L.- Adams, the
engineer for the Centra Costa Water
Company, read a report which com
bated the meter theory. - * " •
WATER RATE INQUIRY
RESUMED BV < OIXCII,
Then leading from this is a nqw
path that connects the high, road with
the Faculty Club. This path is sup
ported with stones that were dredged
from the bottom of the creek" and piled
up in the proper order. A long line of
workmen passed these stones along
from one to another out of the creek
until they reached their destination On
the road, where they were finally" fitted
into -place.
Over on the Hlllegass tract -there are
two new paths, both of them very nec
essary to the students ,who pass from
the main buildinga to Hearst , Hall and
the physiological laboratory/One leads
from the creek, bottom directly to
Hearst Hall and the other ls*a branch
from it to the laboratory. •}'
The gravel for all these paths, was
jput through a screening process" before
For ail the fuming and sweating and
grunting that was made there might
have been 12,000 workmen. At least,
that is the way it seemed to most of
the spectators. These men of much
brain and little brawn were spread out
in three or four groups and the ob
server might not go anywhere hardly
without running a gauntlet of pickmen.
• There was any amount of "rough
housing" and rioting to give zest to
the employment, and the wonder is
that it did not all wind up in one of
those old-time "rushes" that the fac
ulty is so much set against: Every lit
tle while some student thieved away
with an emblem or Implement ¦• of a
rival college and made for the high
ground, .with the whole of the outraged
pack of rivals after him. Away they
*ould go, their work all forgotten, to
remain until the chase ended in victory
or defeat. A local merchant with an
eye to business sent many gal
lons of lemonade to wet the throats of
i the workers, but this met an awful
fate when the crowd made a rush for
it, most of it in the struggle going
down to swell the volume of Strawber
ry Creek.
But in spite of the rough housing and
inattention to strict duty something
,was accomplished. Twelve hundred
men can do a, lot in a day, even if some
of them do "soldier," and all that they
set out to do was done. For one thing/
there is a good, new path on the south
side of East Hall and the Chemistry
building, leading from the Botany
building to the College-avenue gate. It
is now five feet wide, inlaid with yel
low gravel and* fitted with gutters of
the proper depth.
.PATH TO FACULTY CLUB.
Altogether the thing was more of a
success than the heads of affairs had
bargained for. There were predictions
that' it would all be more or less a
farce. Some estimated that there
would be more shirkers and skulkers
than shovelers and wheelbarrowers,
and bets were laid that the work would
have to be done all over again.
But nothing of the kind, for "when the
bugle sent its clear, glad tones across
the campus at o o'clock this morning
there \v*re more student- workmen on
hand than there were picks and shovels
for. The laborers outnumbered the im
plements, so that the bosses had to
make water carriers and horses and
more bosses out of the surplus. Even
the most conservative say that there
were 1200 men at work.
GAUNTLET FOIt PICKMEN.
BERKELEY, Feb. 29.— Student La
bor day has confe and gon.e and there
are more . blistered hands and aching
backs and creaking limbs in Berkeley
to-night than ever were dreamed of
within the precincts of a slumberla'nd
disturbed by a stampede of nightmares.
The whole student body is suffering
and the plague that poor Job suffered
in the ancient days is as nothing to the
visitation that has'- swept Over the,
campus of the University of California.
Primarily, it was the picks and shov
els and' wheelbarrows that induced. all
this physical discomfort. With these
humble instruments of progress did
these intellectual laborers, of the uni
versity-wound themselves,* and all for
the glory of serving their alma mater
and absorbing a "ha.nd-out" with pie as
an entree from the fingers of some fair
co-ed. vV- N
SCENES ON "THE CAMPUS OF THE UNIVERSITY. OF CALIFORNIA
YESTERDAY. WHEN THE STUDENTS TURNED OUT WITH PICK
AND SHOVEL TO CONSTRUCT A NEW PATH.
During the mass the music ".as sung
.by a cuartet composed of Mrs. Mar
tin Sehultz, soprano; Miss Ella V. Mc-
Closkey. contralto: David. Manlloyd
Jones, tenor, and V. P. Wanrell. bass.
Miss. Elizabeth McNally was orpanist..
Father" McSweeney made a feeling
address, laying special stress upon the
consolation offered by the church and
by religion to those in" sorrow and af
fliction.
The honorary pall bearers were
Frank J. Moffitt. ThomasT L. Prather,
Georye W. Reed, M. C. Chapman, John
A. Kritton, Dr. D. D. Crowley, Edward
H. Hamilton, James H. Pond, Dr. J.
P. H. Dunn, William H. High, J. C.
Adams and John P. Cook. Those who
served as active pall bearers were
"Henry D. Durham, Charles Boek, Wil
liam L. Price, William T. Vahlberg, A.
If. Norton and Henry Schutt, employes
of the Tribune Publishing Company,
of which Mr. Dargie Sr. is president.
The interment was in St. Mary's
Cemetery. - ." '
After the private services had been
held at the Darcie residence. East
Twelfth street and Lake Merritt boule
vard, the remains were escorted to' the
church. There was celebrated the sol
emn service for the dead, the celebrant
of the requiem high mass being the
Rev. Thomas McSweeney. pastor of the
parish. He was assisted by the Rev.
Lawrence Serda, nastor of Sacred
Heart Church, as deacon: the Rev. J.
B. McNally, pastor of St. Patrick's
Church, as subdeacon.'and the Rev. P.
C. Yorke", pastor of St. Anthony's
Church, as master of ceremonies.
About the bier and across the
t-ra.nsept, flanking the casket, were dis
played a mass of magnificent flowers
and those were only a fe,w of the great
number of lioral messages of grief that
were sent to the bereaved -parents and
relatives. ' " '
The funeral of the late William E.
Dargle Jr:. son of Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam E. Dargie, was held at 10 o'clock
this morning from St. Francis de
Sales Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass was celebrated before an
assemblage of • mourners which filled
the house of worship. Impressively
sad were the last rites. The concourse
of friends, the touching: words of hope
and consolation, the exquisite music
and the numerous floral tributes of
sympathy combined to form a beauti
ful offering to the memory of one who
had endeared himself to those near to
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Feb. 29.
Mr*. Margaret Arrastrons and her
fcon. Lemuel Carter, had a terrible
etrugscJe about noon to-day ovrr a bot
tlp of carbolic acid, with the contents
of tvhirh thf> boy whs «>ndeavorlns to
destroy himself. Both wore severely
bumed by tli" odd. $h« liottle breaking;
in their hand?, nfier young: Cart'-r h.id
»ra!lonrd a putrici^nt quantity of* the
cci<3 to jtpiiouFly endanger his life. Mrs.
ArftJStrbng'H hands and wrists were
peeled from the effects of it and she,
as n-cil a? her foji, had to b^ treated
::t th" receiving hospital. It is believed
ih.-u Carter's life will be saved, ne Mrs.
Armstrong: lo«t no time, .ifter the bot
tle nti broken, in having her son hur
ried to the hospital.
Carter Is 2i year* of *»ge and lives
with hi? mother and Ftepfathrr at SOS
C»«tfb. street. Throe years aso h° broke
a bon<? hi hi? foot, which resulted in
trjpplinj: him for life. Irately h»* has
b'comc very u'-fpond^nt over his con
dition ?.rtd was in the art of drinking
the carbolic acid in a bottle kept in the
house when he was discovered.
Mrs. Armstrong rushed upon the
*vo.uld-he suiride ;\nd tried to take the
bottle from him. He resisted her ef
forte,' in order to complete hi? work of
ftelf-desirm-tiorj." The Finite was
prolonged by the strength Riven the
mother, who was attempting to save
her own fleeh and blood from a hot
rible death, but was about *o give up
when .the f>ottle. breaking, sent the
liquid fire over them both. She hurried
out of the house and summoned assist
ance, and both of them were talcn.to
the hospital. Carter is not out of dunper
and it will J>e a Jons time, if he lives..
before he recovers from the effects of
hi* rash act- • \*
Oakland Office San Franeisro Call
HIS Broadway; Feb. 29.
During the last session of the I>gislature
our organization had a bill Introduced requir
ing "all railways In this State to place two
brakemen on every passenger train consisting
of four cars or more. The railway companies
fought the bill and finally defeated it by a
small majority. But the Southern Pacific
promised to adopt the requirements of the bill,
even though It was not enacted a law, and
this promise ha» been keDt.
The Santa Fe. on the other hand, has mail*
no Improvement, and still pursues Its cheap
policy of plactnc' only one brakeman on. a
train, no matter what Its length. This man's
station Is at the rear of the train, and when
a stop occurs It Is his duty to run back along
the track to flag any trains coming from
that. direction. The negro porter is then left
as the only trainman In charge of the lives
of the passengers and the property of the
company. He is not an experienced brakeman.
has to pas* no examination and Is generally
wholly unfit to be entrusted with the duty cf
switching trains.
Yet this is Just what the negro porter wa«
required to do at Luzon station. The train
had- stopped and the brakeman had run back.
The porter was at the head of the train, near
the switch, which was closed to oncoming
trains. But he got rattled, being inexperienced,
and when the overland dashed down the track
he ' mistook the position of the switch and
suddenly threw It open Just as the cwlftly
moving" train came near. Had a. brakeman
been there, a man accustomed to this work and
familiar with the signals, the accident would
not have occurred.
The next Legislature should pass the bill
that was rejected last year, but before that
can be done the Santa Fe . Company should,
for ', Us own and - its . passengers' protection,
adopt the rule there laid down and put at
least two trained brakemen on all Its long
passenger trains.
Regarding the responsibility for the
collision V. Heck, chairman of the
legislative board of the Brotherhood
of Railway Engineers, yesterday de
clared that the accident was due to
the railway's policy In refusing to em
ploy a sufficient number of trained
brakemen. He said:
As the headlight of the oncoming
train fe.ll upon the waiting cars he
realized that he had made a terrible
mistake, but it was then too. late, and
in another moment the crash had
come. Taylor's statement that No.8
had always held the main line, allow
ing No t 3 to take the sidetrack, is
looked upon with doubt by local rail
road men. who say that incoming
trains are always given the right of
way over those bound eastward, and
the fact that Engineer Baker did not
slow up as he approached the switch
lends color to the theory that he was
accustomed to passing ithe eastbound
train on the main line without slowing
up to take the siding.
If the statement made by Taylor it
true • and the passing orders were
changed, it was an act of criminal
carelessness to. send the porter-brake
man ahead to set the switch without
informing him of the change of or
ders. Taylor has- made a statement
to the officials of the road, but this
has not been made public and will not
be until the inquest, which will be held
the latter part of the week.
The funeral of Engineer Baker
will bo held at Point Richmond at 9
o'clock to-morrow morning. The ser
vices will be conducted by the Rev.
Dr. McDonald, pastor of the Presby
terian church at Point Richmond.
The funeral of Engineer Bennett
will be held at Stockton on Wednes
day.
The local officials of the Santa Fe
road were not disposed yesterday to
enter into a discussion of the train
wreck, explaining that they had not
yet received a full report of the affairs
from the officers In whose jurisdiction
the accident occurred. Said one of
the officials yesterday:
Jt is apparent to our minds that the colored
pdrter did what he thought was right, but
evidently his mind was rattled. Usually these
unfortunate accidents are easily traced to the
act of some excited Individual who cannot be
justly accused of carelessness. The experi
ence of the Santa Fe road with its colored
porters is that they have been faithful and
courteous servants, and there Is ¦ no rule of
nature that would suggest that a colored man
is more carele?s than his white brother.
The porter that Is responsible for yester
day's accident Jumped at the last moment to
swing a switch that he thought was wrongly
set and he did not realize his mistake nntil
It was too late. A few years ago we bad a
case similar to this, where one of our most
faithful men sst a switch. While waiting for
the train to pa»s he fell asleep and dreamed,
in his nap that he had not performed the
duty that he had been accustomed to for
months Awakening suddenly and .hearing
the roar of the train near by, he Jumped to
the switch and swung it back and a few
peconds later he saw, to his horror, the train
ditched before. him.
Like all other transportation companies, the
Santa Fe endeavors to employ the most re
liable men and prides itself on the fact that
its judgment has seldom been at fault.
The responsibility for the wreck of
the two limited trains of the Santa
Fe at Luzon station, which caused the
death of Engineers L. L. Baker and
James Bennett and the serious Injury
of Fireman Edward Thomas, rests
upon Alvin Taylor, the colored porter,
upon whom the Santa Fe Company
had imposed the duties of head brake
man of the Chicago expreas, which po
sition, when the test came, he proved
woefully unable to fill. Taylor, who
has been arrested on the order of
Coroner Curry of Contra Costa County
pending: an Investigation of the wreck
and is now confined In the County Jail
at Martinez, made a statement to th»
effect that he had misconstrued his
orders and had thrown No. 3 on to
the siding instead of letting it through
on the main line.
He eay's that he" was in the chair
car attending to the wants of the pas
sengers when No. 8 stopped at Luzon
switch to allow the westbound train
to pass and was called out to go ahead
and set the switch. . Taylor says that
the eastbound train had always kept
the main line when passing No. 3 and
that when he left the cars he did not
notice that his train was on the eid
.ing instead of on the main line, . and
that he went ahead and set the switch
to let No. 3 in on the siding as he had
always done before.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
/ ¦ 111S Broadway, Feb. 29.
Says He Was Busy When the
Train Stopped, but Hurried
Forward to Set Switch
L. E. Martin (single) to Elizabeth Lewis,
lot en W line of Regent (Manoa) street. 100
X of Parker, X 3.1:4 by W 100. portion lot 10.
block D. maps blocks A to D of map No. 3 of
Hillegass Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Louisa E. Price (widow) to R. S. Xaylor,
lot on X line of Haste street. 200 W of Fulton.
W 40 by X 135. portion of lot 6, block 3. map
of property of College Homestead Association,
etc.. Berkeley; $10.
' Same to Berkeley Friends Church (religious
corporation), lot on X line of Ha«te street,
240 Vi of Fulton, W 10 by X 135, Dortlon lot
6, block S. same map. Berkeley: 1 10.
Eruijruiere Corrfpahy (a <*>rpora«on) to Mary
L. Zappetttni (wlfe> and P, H. Zappettini, lot
on NW corner of Liese. avenue and AVashinirtpn
street. N 5O by W 125. lots 2O and 21. block «,
map subdivision Mock 17 and 24 and JE half
of block 6, etc.. Sather Tract, Frultvale.
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Eleanor S. Deerinjr (widow) and Chester P.
Deering (by Frank H. Brooks, their attorney)
to Clarence W. r-ailey, lot en E line of Deerinjc
avenue. 2S9 X of Its Intersection 'with X line
of county road 1525. Oakland to San Leandro.
thence NE 25 by SE 115. beinff JT 23 feet of
lot 3S. maj> Fruitvale and San ' Leandro Road
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Joseph .loaquin Rezentl (single) to Ernst
Zerweck. lots 01 and 02. Elmhurst Square,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Allen D. ahd Amelia E. Wilson to Edward
L. Gibhcns. lots 14 to 20, block C. map subdi
vision block C of revised map of Prospect Hill
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10. .
George D. and Ella Hutchison to Sarah L.
Hawes. lot on SE line of Pomona avenue. SW
tl7 from SW line of Washington street.. SE 123
by SW SS. portion of lot 1, block 10. map sub
divisions of NE portion of Sather Tract. Fruit*
rale, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Rosa M. Fhattuck and Jphn W. Havens
(single) to S. 5>. Petrovich. lot on X line of
Carlton street. 1K5.46 W of Shattuck avenue.
W JO by X 129.63, lot IS. block 11, map No.
4, Shattuck Tract, Berkeley; J10.
Isabella A. Rogers (widow) to Glennie Da
vies lot en S line of Parker street. 100 E of
Fulton street. E 25 by S< 9O, portion of Iot3
14 and 15. block 1155. Berkeley-, property maps
Nos.. 1 and f. Blake Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Silas G. and Elizabeth B. Hickok to James
Chester Hlcteok. .E feet of lot 8, map of
Pcovllle Tract in plat 51. V. and D. Peralta
Rancho, Berkeley; $10.
Calvin P. and Mary L. Winchell to Daviw
C. Ros«brook. lot on E line, of Harper street.
141.81 S of Mason. S 41.61 by E 122.01, Berke
ley; sio.-
Peter and Elizabeth M. J. Petersen to Alice
E. Freeman, undivided *i of lot on W line
of "Walnut street. 55 N of Virginia. X 45 by
W 04.73. portion lots 4 and 5. block C. pl-*t
Percy Tract. Berkeley;' $10t>.
Dell C. and F. J. Woodward (husband, anl
a< attorney) to Robert E. French, lot on X
corner of East Twelfth street and Fifth a ve
nae, XW 75 bv ME 100, block 48, Clinton.
East Oakland; $10.
George B. M. and Alice M. Gray. Thomas J.
and Mary J. Walsh -<by Clarence Cro-well. c<>m
mUsioner) to Home Security Builtiinr: and 1- i.i
Association tat on W llnp of Linden street,
50:8 N of Forty-fourth. X 30 hy W 90, portion
lot 2, block 2105. Alden Trait at Temescal,
Oakland: ?7t».
f>. W. and Jennie U La Fortune to lil*
Chrlatenyen (wlfp ot Chris Chrl»tensen>. lot t*,
block A. map Peralta Heights. V.:\*i Oak
land; $10.
H. M. Wood (single) to Anna B. Mclntyre
(wife A. C. Mclntyre) lot on E line of Fil
bert street, 73 8 of Twenty-first. S 40:10 by
E 125.. portion lota 19 and 17, map Jahn Tract.
OaklanJ; gift.
Saving"? and Loan Society and E. A. Heron,
to George Sterling, lot 1, SW 10 feet of lot 2
and lot 17. block D. map Thermal Hill, form
erly Howe Tract. Oakland: *1«.
f. N. and Theodlne Christiansen to Oletta
Pedersen. lot beKlnnlns at common corner of
lots H and 7, in E line of -Wain worth avenu»,
th*nce KB 93. thence along NW line lot 2H 27:>».
NW parallel to E line Walsworth n venue.
thence alons xald List line to beginninc belns
S 27:6 of lot 6, Oakland View Homestead, Oak
land; $10.
Dell C. Woodward and F. J. Woodward ari'i
(a» attorney) to Clarence Grange, lot on NB
line of Bast Twelfth str«r»t 15«> 2fW of Flftii
avenue. RW lll':>J by NE 100. block 48. Clin
ton, East Oakland; also let on NE line cf
East Twelfth ytreet 73 S\V of Fifth avenue.
NW ;:7:« by NE 1(X> b lock 4S. Clinton. East
Oakland; al!>f> lot on fUV Jlne of Ea*t Four
teenth street. 1O7:« NW of Fifth avenne. NW
37:0 by SW 10O. block if*. Clinton. East Oak
latid: aJ.«o Int on SW line of K:i>t Fourteenth
street. SO SE of Fourth avrnue. SB 37:6 SW
143. XW 117:6. NE 45 SB KO. NE 10O. block;
4.S. Clinton East Oakland; J10
f'arah E! Jensen to Marjraret J. McDonald,
lot on N line of Dwight wav. 150 W of Tele
ffraph avenue. W 75 hy R l.n. 15. map College
Homestead Association. Berkeley: $10.
Margaret J. MacDonald to Sara E. Jensen,
lot en N line of Dwight way, 225 W of Tele-
Rraf.h avenue, W 75 by N 135.15, same, map.
Berkeley; $10.
Edith Heyer (administntrlx estate of 'Gor
don Winsloiv) to W. II. JLirston, all interest
in lot on E lin? U Arch avenue. 140.01 S of
Vine street. S 15'» by E 27i>. lot* « and 7 and]
S ::t> feet of lot 8. block 2. Berkeley View
IRmestead Association Tract, Berkeley; %Q&>0.
pacific Coast Ls>an Association to Sarah T.
Allinger (m.irrled). lot on E line of Court
street. 10T.:ft 9 of Lincoln avenue. S 5.1 by E
117.6>i. lot ML block B. map subdivision of
Sather & Robinson Tract. Alameda: $H».
Eilward. K. Fainter to June O. Fainter, lot
on W line of Regent street. S?:8 N of Sail Jo*9
avenue. N 5rt by W 12S::;',i. Int A, block 4ti,
Alameda Park Homestead. Alameda: jrlft.
James English to Mary English (wife), lofon
N lire of Pacific street, distxut E VK*:3 from
East Willow, E 27. by N 1<«>:7. lot 33, bfocle
4»i<5. Gibbons proptrty ht Oakland Point. Oak
land; gift.
John G. Kiumr- isir;>r!'-> to M. O. and K.
M. Wyatt and c». S. fonnor. lots on lin* be
ginning IIO SW from Eofi Twenty- third str^t
and l.iO N\V of Twenty- third avenae, NW "0,
S\V 3l>. SB til. SW »>. SK -'9. X 53.« beln?
portion of lots 1 to .1 and 16. Mock B, may
subdivision of Heald's Twenty-third-avemw
Tract. Brooklyn Township: quitclaim deed. S1O.
Hattlc (or HattiP E.) and K. J. Murphy tt>
James H. and Katie Younjr/ lots on S line of
Twentieth «re«t. 523:,": E of San Pablo tve
nue. B 32 by S .H« betngr portion of -lots -4
and 25. block 200% llogan Tract. Oakland; $10.
Jennie and Nils CMber* to Jess<« H. Tay
lor, lot on E Jlne of Chestnut street. 135 S of
Tenth. S Sv by E? ICO block 5« Boardmana
map. Oakland; Si"
Harlow R and Sarah E. Bancroft to Calvin
A. Shaw (single), lota *\s an-1 «*'>i. Amended
Map of subdivisions, Masswood Tract, Oak
land: 110.
IlEAI, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. • A .
lametla County
CALLED OUT OF PULLMAN
Claims His Train Should
Have Kept Main Line and
Other Taken the Siding
Pastors of Four Parishes Of
ficiate at the Solemn Ser
vices Over the Departed
HIGH 3IASS CELEBRATED
Church of St. Francis de
i Sales Crowded at Funeral
•of William E. Dargie Jr.
Legion of Collegians Work From Early Morn Till Evening Lay
ing Yellow-Graveled Paths and From Hands of Fair Co-Eds
Receive Refreshments That Lend Strength to' Further Effort
Lemuel Caller, Cripple. Tries
to End Existence, lint
Parent Comes to IJ^scue
3irs.- Margaret Armstrong
Battles With' Offspring-
Over Bottle of Carbolic Acid
BOTH SEVERELY BuSMd
SAVES HER SON
FROM SUICIDE
PORTER TAYLOR
MAKES DEFENSE
ACHING BACKS AND CREAKING LIMBS
MARK CLOSE OF STUDENT LABOR DAY
MANY FRIENDS
AT THE BIER
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
r.HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. MARCH 1, 1004.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Crooked Teeth Straightened.
Diseased and inflamed sums treated
and cured and teeth cleaned free.
Roots and broken down teeth can be
saved for years and avoid the incon-
venience of wearing a plate. All work
done for the cost of material. Week
days. 9 to 9. Sundays, 9 to 1. Pain-
less methods a specialty. Extraction
free. Graduates only. Full guarantee.
Post-Graduate Dental Collegs
Sacramento— 407 J Street.
San Pranciico — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Washington Street.
San Joie — 43 East Santa Clara Street.
Is the great flesh producer.
Thirty years have proved its
effeciency in throat and lung
troubles and all wasting diseases.
Do not try substitutes, es-
pecially now, when cod liver
oil is so scarce and high. They
are mostly all adulterated with
seal or other -cheap oib.
Scott's Emulsion, is always
the same. The cod liver oil
used is absolutely pure ; all the
other ingredients are also
carefully selected and of thV
finest quality.
Li
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
214S Center Street.
Telephone Xortli 77.
ALA3LED.t.
1135 Park .Street,
Telephone Eagle 502.
BKAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY-Frederick Edward E. Freeman died
suddenly yesterday, afternoon: in his
"room at 276 'Turk street. In his. pos
session was a. note readins: as follows:
"I 'am ;! subject to -fainting shells.
Should I '.be taken with "one lay me
flat oh my back and apply cold w.ater
to,*niy head; and I^will be ; all right in
a; few. minutes." If I should notify
my" wife, MrsT-Fred Ed E. Freeman,
607 East -Main street, Walla Walla,
Wash."' .. V ' «:-
Dies In a Fnint.
' Harry W. Knoll was appointed" adr
mlriistrator of the estate "of the: late
Attorney Mbses G. Cobb yeste'rday.
He sought the, appointment on behalf
of Cobb's widow, who was not remem
bered in her husband's will. Mrs".
Rose Barry, a widow, who cared for
Cobb during his last days and 'who is
the sole legatee -under the lawyer's
will, also applied for letters of admin
istration. Her application was denied.
» Knoll Is Administrator.
The executive committee of the
Pacific Coafet Hardware Dealers" As
sociation was in session at the Califor
nia Hotel yesterday, completing ar
rangements for the annual convention
of the organization, -which will open at
the hotel to-morrow mornlngr. Be
tween 250 and 300 members of the as
sociation from various. points on the
coast will assemble here. The con
vention will last a day and will con
clude with a banquet at the Califor
nia. Thursday will be devoted to
sightseeing and a large number of the
delegates will visit Mount Tamalpais.
Hardware Dealers to Meet.
It was announced yesterday by the
officials of the Southern Pacific Cohi
puny that the new Chatsworth Park
route. will be / formally o"pen*ed on
March 2Q. At present trains up" and
down the coast are* operated by .way
oT Saugus, but by the new route they
•will' run via Mountalvo, Oxnard, Santa
Susanri, through "the. new tunnel to
Chatsworth- and thence to Burbank,.
which will lessen v the distance from
this city to Los' Angeles six-miles and
afford a lesser grade. Four trains" are
now running, dally betweenSanta" Bar
bara and Los Angeles, tw.o local arid
two through trains, and on and after
March- 21) the through trains will go
by way of the Chatsworth Park route
and 'later, other. -of the heavier trains
of ,t*hie. company will be operated over
the same line. » * . ¦
Southern Pacific Company's New Line
Will Be Opened About the
Middle of March. •
Duncan Mclvinlay's Rooms Looted.
The rooms of Assistant United
States District Attorney Duncan
E. McKlnlay at 632 Post street
were, entered by burglars last
Saturday night and all his
wardrobe and some valuable jew
elry were stolen. Mr. McKlnlay was
absent In Santa Rosa with his fa.mily
at the time'. Among the articles" sto
len was a Mystic Shrine Jewel valued
at $500, which had been presented to
Mr. McKinlay on his retiring from of
fice in that order. The detectives
have been notified. -.' Mr. McKinlay is
of the impression that had he been
in his rooms at the time he would
have had to sally forth In the morning
clad only in a bath robe.
TRAINS TO SOON RUN
VIA CHATSWORTH PARK
•Frank Maguire was convicted by a
Jury in Judge'Cook's; court yesterday
morning on a charge of grand larceny
and will be sentenced on Thursday.
Ou December 19, 1902, Maguire and a
confederate drove in a buggy to" the
sub-station of the Postofflce at 36S9
Eighteenth street, kept by Mrs. Phila
mena. Nolan.. Maguire remained In
the- buggy and his confederate" -entered
and told the young woman in charge
that the man .fn the. buggy wanted
.some, stamps. -She went outside, and
the confederate. stole a bag containing
$51 50, and' some stamps. They drove
away- in- the rig.- .Several-ether store
keepers were victimized in the same
way by .Maguire. • ;
. i John Kelly was also tried yestorday
by a Jury in Judge Cook's Court on a
charge of grand larceny and convicted.
He- waived time for sentence. and the
Judge ordered him .confined' in San
Quentin for one- year. On the m-orn
ing of December -13- last Kelly met
James' Sefnp.le, a teamster, at Third
aad .Ho\yard ; street and while JSemple
w.a,s counting his moriey Kelly grabbed
.$3 25 but *of his, hand and ran away
with the.cojn. -Semple raised an -out
cry and Kelly was phased and cap
tured.
Frank Maguirc Will Be Sentenced on
' Thursday and John Kelly Sent
to. San- Quentin. L* . "
PRISONERS ARE CONVICTED .
ON CHARGES OF LARCENY
Policeman J. J. McShane was re
pairing a street lamp at Pine and
Kearny streets early yesterday morn
ing and severely cu* his left thumb
with a knife. He was taken to Dr.
liver's office, 546 Turk street, where
ihe wound was Ftitched and dressed.
Severely Cuts His Thumb.
Amos K. Zeigler and Ung Ting Bow
must die on the scaffold, at San Quen
tin, according to decisions rendere'd by
the Suprenne Court yesterday. Of the
many arguments advanced in behalf
of each none was deemed of sufficient
importance to warrant a reversal.
Zeigler killed his wife with a butch
er knife in a peculiarly atrocious man
ner at Doyle's Gulch, Santa Cruz
County, on August. 6, 1900.' He was
tried, found guilty and sentenced to
life imprisonment at San Quentin. He
appealed and was granted a new trial
by the Supreme Court. At the second
trial Zeigler was given the death sen
tence and appealed again, but to no
avail. His defense was temporary in
sanity.
Ung Ting Bow killed a fellow coun
tryman in Kings County in a' high
binder war, an act which, under the
Supreme Court decision, diminishes
the "yellow peril" numerically by two.
Supreme Court Holds That Uxorieide
Zeigler and Chinese Highbinder
Received Just Sentences.
TWO MURDERERS MUST
DIE ON THE SCAFFOLD
Mont Pelee, which blew off ISO feet of
Its crown when It overwhelmed the city
of St. Pierre, has since been extruding
from Its crater at the rate of three to
five feet a day a shaft of lava 300 feet
In diameter, which now protrudes 800
feet above Us summit.
Our Idea is to hav* the men from California
work for the whole State at the expc?L
tton. That Is. we do not purpose that any
(hall quietly boom the!r own section of th"«
State at the expense of another and at all tlm*s
they will be expected to stand ready to defen<t
California against any detrimental statements
that may emanate from outside sources.
It Is part of the plan of the organization,
which was discussed at to-day's meeting, to
Impose fines upon any member of the California
delegation who Is found to b« working In the
Interest of any particular section of the Stat*.
and a second offense of that character wilt re
sult In his being sent home. If the delegates)
find any one abusing San Franelsco or any
other county It will be tha duty of thn other
delegates to immediately unite In Its defense.
Unity of action la to be our motto, with •*
view to gaining for the entlrs State as much
advertising as possible, and we believa that
tho only wny to accomplish this is by creatlns
rules which will carry with them punishment
for their violators. Although tha coast coun
ties were not represented at to-day's meeting,
we hava received assurance that they will
join with tha valley counties In any agreement
that they decide on.
¦ » ¦ B»
A meeting was held yesterday at the
Lick House by representatives of the
commercial .bodies of the counties
north of Tehachapi for the purpose of
effecting an organization that will in
sure a unity of action among those
counties in advertising California at
the coming exposition in St. Louis.
Among those present at the meeting
tver"e Dr. It. M. Green of Oroville and
W. A. Beard of Sacramento, repre
senting the Sacramento Valley Devel
opment Company, of'which the latter
gentleman is secretary; Fred Buck of
Vacaville, representing Solano County,
and' Colvin B. Brown", secretary of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce. In
all about twenty counties were repre
sented at the meeting. In discusstng
th"e purposes of the meeting Colvin
Brown said last evening:
Representatives From Northern Coun
• ties Discuss Plans for Advertis
ing State at Exposition.
(A voluntary petition was filed by H.
F. Anderson^ importer of mineral wa
ters, San Francisco. . His .liabilities
are $16,443 and his assets $4500. His
principal creditors are the Security
Loan; and Trust Company, $1200;
Charles M. Dufflcy, $3500; AV. i. An
derson, $1300; Mrs. J. -R. Anderson,
$1500; J. Clifford Wilkinson, $4636.
Henry Orth, a laborer, Sausalito,
filed a petition, stating his liabilities
at $193. He has no assets. ;^t.
A schedule in involuntary insolven
cy was Iiled by the Uri-iversal Auto
mobile Company of San Francisco.
The liabilities are $76,776. of which
$20,000 are secured,, $38,589 unse
cured and $3108 are wages. The as
sets are $41,245. The heaviest credi
tors are William H. H. Hart, money
loaned, $17,500; Automobile Traction
Colnpany, $2250, .and A. J. Meadows,
$1591. '. ¦'¦¦[-:^ ¦
.Allison, Neff ."& Co.- co.m mission mer-.
chants of. this .'city,- 'iiled a schedule in
involuntary msolv.ency. yesterday in
the United States'. District Court.. Their
liabilities are $31,184;' of which $19.-'
81*5 a.rft- " -unsecured and "$6'609
are accommodation paper". The assets
amount-to $25,774, of which'. $10;-0 00
represents stock' ih trade, $3438 notes
and $4 60S debts on open acoun.t: . TJie.
lie.av.iest creditors .are the .Donph-oe'-'
Kelly" Banking Company; -$3'200; Has
lett Warehouse ' Company.'- $'2305;
Rock Island .Plow Company,' $14.17°;
Main &. Winchester. $1300; William
Cluff Company. $1040; International
Harvester •¦ Company, ' Milwaukee,
$3000; FlrstNatlonal Bank, San Fran
cisco, $1000*.
.the:Uuiversal Abtomobllc. Coi>
• "poratioir Js Slioit $76,776.'-
Alllsbn, Neff & Co. Owe $31;184 -and
UNITY OF ACTION IN
ivT: V^; BQOMING CALIFORNIA
IN'YOLUN'TARV: BANKRUPTS ' ,
, . . ITLi^ TI1KI R . PETITIONS
IL' J.' Parkison.. puardian of..M;rs.
S.trVih -Woodward., the aged San Jo^e
Ionian whose property and. person
Iipvc boon' the su.njoct'.of many bittor
court Etri-jbrteS, filed an action, yester
flajr a 5a mst Attorney . Henry " French (
trustee of a portion of .Mrs.. \Vood
ward's . property, for an accounting.
He claims that "fince. December, 1897,
French has rollected sums largely in
excess .of .tho money he expended for
*!!<¦> benefit -of Mrs. Woodward and re
fuses't'o account for it.. "-" ..;._"
Parkison also asks that a docu
ment- signed by Mrs. Woodward con
voying to French . part of her estate
¦with. she understanding that he should
pay her $50. a month during the rest
of hf-r life be - declared void. Parki-
Kon charjges that a< the time the agree
ment was made his ward was over the
Bgc of SO years and did not know the
true import of the paper.
Claims Attorney Refuses to Report .on
-Condition of Instate of .Aged " "
Jkirs. Woodward. •-..•• :'
PARRISOX FILI25 SUIT . : . v
AGAINST HENRY : FRENCH ;
He further says that Hynes properly
qualified and based, his claim to the
office on a valid certificate of election.
"Hynes," says Judge Sloss, *"is enti
tled to the offlc«} because of his better
apparent legal right. The law provides
that where there* is a contest over an
office the one making this showing
shall be declared the de facto officer."
/•Judge Sloss" opinion is a very short
one. .He does not go into the question
of- whether a Public Administrator
-s-hall .hold office for four years, ile
says, in referring to Hynes' -contention,
that Farnham had no rights In the
premises; that the. former Public Ad
ministrator, on January 8, gave up the
office and for a. week after Hynes took
possession did nothinjr that would in
dicate that he' intended contesting his
successor's claim.
M. J. Hynes Is entitled to the offlca
of 'Public A*lr.inis*i.rator to which he
was- elected lp.st November. Judge
Sloss decided yesterdav that his claims
to the office were valid and refused to
issue an -injunction restraining Hynes
from taking possession of the office.
Th*-*' injunction was sought by John
Farnham, Hvnes' predecessor, who set
up the claim tha,t Hynes could not suc
cted.him because he had not properly
qual'/ied. / ;• * ¦ • V
bought for $85,000. Nos 2342 and
2344 Devisadero street, the southeast
corner of Jackson, with lot 62:8*4x110
feet o,nd with two modern houses,
went for $20,500. ,:^
Nos. 2321 and 2323 Devisadero
street and 2811 Jackson street, the lot
being 69:3x137:6 feet and improved
with three modern houses renting .for
$200 a month, brought $40,000 under
the hammer. A choice lot. unimprov
ed, on the south line of Pacific ave
nue, between Devisadero and Broder
ick streets, was sold for $36,500. ' An
entire block of tide lands consisting
of twenty-four lots, between Thirty
second and .Thirty-third avenues and
A and Ship streets, was -sold for $1100.
Four lots between S and R streets and
Nineteenth and Twentieth avenues
brought $850. All the foregoing prop
erties were sold for the C. J. Weln
gerter estate. v '- s ;
The' last offering In the catalof*rue.
consisting of 55x137:6 feet on the
south line of McAllister street, be
tween Gough and Octavia, with store,
lodging-house of twelve rooms and
two flats, ""the whole renting: for
$122 50 a month, was sold for the
Henry Levy estate for $19,200.
Nos. 2713 to* 2735 Clay street, in
clusive of all the intervening odd
numbered properties, and 2139 Pierce
street, with five modern houses that
are rented for $365 a month, were
A large. number of men prominent
in real estate business and other In
terested as buyers of city realty or'
as spectators or students of realty val
ues attended the auction sale in Gold
en Gate Hall yesterday, at which G.
H. Umbsen . & Co: sold every piece
offered. In a. catalogue that enumerate?
valuable- prbperiie's. The gross results
of the sale "•¦n-ete $605,400.'- This
.marked., one )of the grretUe"st successes
in the history of. reqlty -"dealings un
der the hammer in this citr.-/ / ¦'..
. The southeast .corner of* I*o3t. and
Stockton- streets,. 25x70, ivith five story
and basement brick building,* renting
for $385 amotith. was .sold" .for $121,
000. ' The northeast' corner .*6f Hardie
place and- Kearny street, 38x40, with.
thre.e-story and 'basement brick buIUl
in-r.-'ren ting. for $43J a-month. Drought
$106,000. ,Xos." > 6G"5.and 607*Kearny
street, west line) betwoen Sacramento
and Clay, with, three-s'tory and base
ment brick' building that br'ings In a
monthly rental of $"13">, was sold for
.$25,2501- Nrts. 1209 arid 1311" Stockton
street, . w*?sV line., between Broadway
•and- Vallej'o, 45:6x6S:9'.' feet, the- frh
prov'errtents consisting of a three-story
building containing stofes and rooms
•'above that, yields a revenue" of $205
a. month, went" for $39,250. ..-
Xos. 212 and 214 • Leavenworth
street, on .tjie east line, between. Turk
and .Eddy, with-two two-story houses,
renting for "$130 a monih, brought
$32,000- 5»'o. 221 Leavenworth street,
west- line", between Eddy- and Turk,
tjie ' improvements- .being" a two-story
house, was sold for $15,100. Nos. 2121
and 21jT3 Fillmore street, west line,
between California and Sacramento,
with store and flat above, the "rent be
ing $60 a month, was sold for $19,500.
Nos. 2702 and 2706> Sacramento street
and 2123 Pierce street; the lot being
13.7:6x127:8 U. with" two houses of ten
rooms- each, brought $39,000. Xo.
2714 Sacramento street, norjh line, be
tween Pierce and Scott, with
house .of ten rooms, sold for $19,500.
The lot is 6S:9xl27:S*; feet in size.
Judge SJoss Decides That
FamhAm Is. No Longer
the Public Administrator
More Than v $600,000. Given
for City Properties Which
Are Sold Under Hammer
GIVES JUDGMENT
IN HYNES' FAVOR
AUCTION SALE
RESULTS WELL
. If ¦.ih.f . Beard, of .'-Education 'cannot 'regulate
tho salary of appointees u-ho?e functions -re
late, to thp School '-rVRartment it can; scarcely
perform the'dutlea-.iniposeri upon:^lt' by -the-, sec
tion-of .the charter last mentioned. If," there
fore', -the Board ot- Public Works had. the
power ta employ petitioner 'then he Is.. In fact,
the lawful employe. *>i .Tuch department, and
the auroval of Us officers Is the only official
t-ahctjon required by law to secure.- the -pay •
nif-nt of his salary'- "Furthermore^, tfls evident'
that If the Board of Puhlic- Works has' —ower to
appoint one insDeutqr of public school bii-ll.d
iii«s and- fix the. amount .of his salary and -re
quire that If be paid out of the common school
fund, jt may employ many such officials and
thus impair the Integrity of that fund, for In
that event the Board of Education would be
jvjwerless to regulate or 'control the amount of
said expenditures. ¦' • ... *.---;¦
Attorney Stephen- V T . Cbstello made
the legal fight for the School Board. »
PROTECTS. FUN'DS,
The surr.is.'.t'he' ; feSur£ <jf ai|-' apparent
conflict .bet\*/een° the. charter;- and ihe
statute jri 't'eterent^.t'q'iilK.V^'.&r^ of
the ; Boar'd° »oj '.Ed\irjrtl<ynr. "^ T-he'-.-L^gt?-
lature. in '.secilidft • J£J <,. iubdit.fs'i9*i ; . '~4g
up;irh ; ]t.he iBoa^-3o^^^fro*'7^*Tii r isiA-; "the
•Political % Code; "gives* 'ip : - ihe'-^6&fd 'of;
E^ucaLtion\.the ri'ghJt .Jt9^'"m'anage'. : a.rid
coritror ihe isch'ppl . pfop'ifrty,' wlthlrt-'it'sr
district.'.': ; V-The VcHarter, gives - to "the
""3(?ardL of ' T.uW'ic< ..HVbrks '•the..right'-'of.
construct io.n, :• repdic.a'n'ci ¦ Tnairiteri'ancs.
of _-aJl ; !pubKc.,bij"ldinj5s". fv. *••¦ . -'*. -
; Judge iHunt'. h'o^s .Hh.at. •Ikere" .is"-' -no
confUet -. b,et'weeii. - .the. :.charter.< " and ; the
statutory prpi'isidn^'- relative -vto- -thQ
powers-ojf 1 fhe/Bbard -.of Education lh
the.. rnatters.".iny'6lved: In -this...connec'-v
tibn' he yskyts::'''- ¦.'¦'" :>'.y': : ' ".'¦'•'''¦ , .;"V. " ¦¦
¦'Charter". 3T- i>i^ -¦rJ'i'cfe' -T. of- -the chart.ijf ejf
press.ly;'declaims '-itiit-. "'rn'.^adilitpn'.- to' ihe
potoetfc. '.conferred .uDon" tJje Board ' of Educa
•ti'm b"j;- the- Political -CoQe' it -sljijill- have. .the
powers in. jh<?- Charter -rpuBierated."' •" T'jius tKe
charter makers; have "virtually' read Into .The
. rhar.t«T section- 161J of th^?." "PoiHlcal Cude,
"Which defines .'.the-ikiwe™ qT tbe-lio^rd of -Ed
ucation.-and confers, upon thit hoard' Oie\ right
tf* manage. -control 'and -repair the.Fchoof pfop
erty-u'lrhln. -Ufi.-.dJsjrfci; employ ' teachers,
j a :il fora.. anJ enij,io}*s of : st-lIcHjls- and --to :f"x
the 'amount .of thplr' compcYisatidtr. .. .'
. ."The ''repair, jnanagement and .con
trol.'of'the public school buildings be-.
Ing "expressly vested by. the statute and"
confirmed, by 'the charter In "the Board
oi "Education, -there' is, no reason why
another department of . the municipal
governrnt it .should hav* the/right .to
employ : an ihspe.cto.r. of Bchbol" build
lngsir^ :' .\\':-; '••,.'• -\ ¦ ¦ •.-..¦
This 'ibRlhlon' handed down: yesterday,
•by Judgja Hunt" oh* .the demurrer' .of ..the
Board ;-dfv ..Education-. -to ...the -suit -'of •
•Jarhes.[.SlcSh,e^hy for. -a' wi'ifijf mari-.
date "compelling the : bqa'rd to; audit his.
salary., demand^ 'aa : inspector! -of : sch'ocj
buildings practically; 'ends; .the. struggle
for the eontrciV of pax'r.oria'g'e *th'at°- has
been going: on . for ' scrme" "months - ber
tweerr the: School Department; and:..the.
BoJtrd'of PubihJ. : .Wbrka.'. : Tl)e' 'decision
.rneatts- thai^ -the Board ot Public Works;
"has /.'nji.yjght' to •jT^^toiEtliOtt'.^oCadiaV
Partmeut of, Pub^^vVjfks.. fo^'ln.sta.nc'e;
such.duties.aa'.dev.plve upon.aii l'rispec-,
. tor of jbcSiooI bulldrnija.'* : ' v -- -.¦"'. :/•.."¦ : .- ' * ''
Suits for divorce were filed by Carrie
J. ' Hayes against John B. j Hayes, a
Mason street saloon-keeper, fo'r intem
perance and cruelty: Lillian May
Mitchell against -Marshall Mitchell for
desertion, Samuel Glasaon Jr. against
Hattie Glasson for cruelty. James B.
Payne against Estella Payne for deser
tion, J. Murdoch against M. E. Mur
doch for desertion, Henrietta Rodgers
against Henry Rodgers for desertion,
Lizzie Barney against C. Wi Barney for
neglect and Millie M. Johnson against
Benjamin S. Johnson for neglect* .
The. marriage of Grace Williams, the
white girl that. eloped to San Jose .and
inarried Chan- Ah On, was annulled by
Judge Murasky. She was under age at
the time the ceremony was ' perfo'rmed
and did no.^ secure the consent of her
mother. .-
• AU.eh G-.-..F/ddy. has been cited "to ap
pear beio're- Judge Hebbard on- March
4 \ip' show .cause why he should^, not be
compelled, to support his wife, Zilp'ha,
pending the. trial of his suit" for dl
j'orcc. -. She says' he gets $1-25. a month,'
and asks. the court to award her $40 of
this ainount. • . : . •.'"•.• • • •" •'
'•• Judge Sea well has refused* to grant
Sophie : - McFall: a divorce 'from Joseph
Mc.Fall, arid -.also denied tke latter's
prayer for a de.cree on " nis cross-corn
piaint. •• • '.' ' • • . .'"¦'.
' Decrees of divorce were- granted yes
terday-, to Florent Hoffer' "from" Claire
"Hoirer for. desertion, Grace M. Gerard
frorn George .L. Gerard .for cruelty., J.
;M.:PerkIns from'G. F-. Perkins" for de
sertioh and Barbara. Till from W. H.
Till fbr.cruelty. " . " / " • ,-• "-.'c
WANTS. ALIMON.Y.
In her answer Mrs. 'Clarke avers that
there is not a particle of truth in any
of her husband's allegations. She: says ;
she never planned to entrap him into
¦marriage or In pursuance' of the plan
kept hlm j drunk until he made her hia ;
wife,- She says he was sober and sane
at the time he married her and fully
capable "of understanding the impor'-,
tance of the step he was taking" when
hit accomp'auied.her'-.'ttf Oakland -and
married her.' She says further that but
for .the interference of his relatives the
marriage would;have-been a happy one'
and he. would not -have abandoned her.:
.Sadie-. Prewe.tt.-..wh(> is the, defendant
in' a suit fdr" annuljn.ent of. marriage
brought by J, Jlar-Prewett, wants her
husband to- pay "fdi*.h!S;-matrimonial.ex
perience. .Jn-an affidavit, filed yesterday,
she '.says that she- wants -'an alftnyarice
of $75' a mon(li out of his.'salary of $140
and sufficient counsel fees- to epable he^'
¦to.-de.fendthe auit. .She avers.'also that.
natwit;hstanding • P.rcwett's allegatlpn
th'^jt he" was .under: the age of 'majority
when -he made her his. wife, he was 21
yea.rsVof.-age and over. .' ' •".' '^.' "•
•In her cross-complaint Mrs. .Clarke
alleges that Clarke deserted her' two
days after • she became his wife and
that since that time has done nothing
toward her support'. She asks for a
divorce on the ground "of desertion, $250
k month alimony', $2500 counsel fees and
$500 for costs. She. says her husband's
income. from his":.$100,000 estare is $500
a" 'month and that, he can well afford
.to. pay the amounts-asked for.
'.-. • ; SAYS HE WAS SOBER.
Mrs. Rosalind X. Clarke, the "Sweet
Pea girl" of Durrant trial' fame, whose
recent sensational marriage to Edward
H. Clarke, the capitalist, caused a mild
sensation, do'es not Intend to have, her
marriage vows lightly treated. Tester
day she filed an answer and cross-com
plaint to Clarke's suit for the anuul
ment of the marriage.- She denies spe
cifically all 'Clarke's charges concern
ing her "alleged scheme to entrap him
Into a marriage, and says that during
all the days preceding the marriage,
when, according to Clarke, he was be
ing piled with liquor to make .him like
clay -fn "her .han'ds, he was in his sober
senses and well knew everything that
he did. .. ;•"
.¦!:ou£fekee.per; he inaLkes" a- erreat many
< hargea agaftist the good name of the
plaintiff. • He accuses hec -of. taking
advantage of his regard for/her and
mis'Jslng the *unds gave her c to
run. his household,, of cheating him
while "he was ahsent from home ; at
tending to business and of doing cer
tain othen things- "that. caused him to.
worry and fret, incidentally b© asks
that .the document he signed In which:
he -agrees to pay . Mrs. Richards 5500
be s^t aside on the ground that it was
Xraud.uJpnily obtained.. >>*> . •/
It a-sppesixs fronr Deimel's cross-com
plaint, tl>it in January of last ywtr h*
employed Mrs. Richards to manage his
home/at FanXa Pafbara and also.. t«
look" af'e'r '.the', interests, ttt ,"his • tyrq
daug-hters. He trusted her Implicitly,"
he 'b>ys", «und Cbonstif so. much -.oJ^ Mf
tJia't-he apl-^ed "to- pay her six months'
.•vi ages If. nt'any time' he ever dismissed
h«?r. Shortly after engaging llra.-Rlch
artls-ke rhade -'a .busing's trip to Europe,'
r^turriihg- In- October. .'cf r last year.. •
It vra-s -then/he^says, <hat.he learned
that. his. confidence had-.been ihisplaced.
He 'Fays he 'learned that hjs.. huuse
•kepper'had cheated him' right and left;
h'ad.'ente.rtftlr.ed 'tier family at 1 his ex-.
pens'e'and sjr'condueted hi.s.houfe that
he- was -comnclied . to discharge, her! He
-riald her. 'J163' and. save her a Vi'Htt«n
ij??reement "to .pay. '• the : six . .months'
he had promised ixe-r' Vhen. she
,/pRfcred his- employ.- • .-. .,.:•'••''.•":",'. : :
•Arfiong other things belmelsays he
learneJ lils'.hpuseTceeper had- .done' .'was
exacting commissions frorn tradesmen
with" whom. she. ijcalt.; She- -also.' he
.s&ys,: helped ' -herself • tr>'- many. : little
ihiugs. .th.at he 'valued,. "an"d.t6 . mak-fe
matters, worse 'kept' up "a 'coires-nond-.
ence through -a matrimon-ial. . agency
with lovesick swains and -showtid" the;
lcttersto -his two irihocent.daug'hte.rs.-.-.
; frt. fen'* answer and cross-complalht
tTiek yesterday' by Henry L. Delmel to
;he!sult c for $500 brought against h(m
by 1 E. V?. Richards, his- former
Court, Refuses to Compel
" Directors to . Audit De
•• mand o of James McSheehy
Avers There Is No Truth in
the Charge of Capitalist
That She' Entrapped Him
SATS" SHE- CHEATED .HIM
.'Alleges -.That She .Took Ad :
• . vantage, of. His Trust • in
vjifcr *;tp Attain Her Ends
CHAETER'GIVES POWEK
FILES CKOSS-COMPLAINT
Luke Crider went out* for a trip
with Freda Belmont. Sunday night
and gave her the best time of her life.
He Is a soldier lately returned from
the Philippines 'and he had a bundle
of money. He bought her cracked
crabs and beer and ' took h$r~ to two
continuous performances In the terider
lQin.
OneoCthemshe admired and he told
her to stay as long as she wanted, even
if It V'cosV'WSO cents. Unfortunately he
slumbered" through the moving ptctufes
and when he awoke the companion ; of
his wanderings • was on her way. .->With
jepeclal Policeman Higgins heard the
patter of speedy feet on the pavement
and went in quest.* He found Haffer
man spent and 'unable 'to talk, so he
went o'n the trail of the pajtters. By
superior sprinting" ability -he overtook
Newell", who was digging his tjoes into
the. cement sldewallc in a pafnful ef
fdrt to make a get-away. When Newell
was searched the missing money, and
watch were- found on his person. He
was arraigned and given two days .by
Judge Cabaniss to prepare his de
fense. .
John Newell was charged with rob
bery In Judge Cabaniss' court yester
day. He is alleged to have swatted
Patrick Hefferman heavily at 2 o'clock
yesterday morning on Harrison street^
between Fourth .and Fifth, and
dispossessed his victim of $9 in money,
and a base-burner watch, equipped with
safely catches a-nd guaranteed to run a
mile in l:38l£. "-'.'/ V.v.V-I
McCue grappled with his assailant,
and with j the helii of Policeman Mc-
Kinney overpowered him. Then they
dragged the conquered conqueror to a
beastly prison cell. Ingram could give
no reason for his rash assault further
than that he had been absorbing a co
pious quantity of Presidio saloon booze,
and the-uniform worn by the policeman
made him think that a generalissimo
from the lake of Mindanao was .before
him ready with a bolo. . ¦ • '.;
The defendant was Instructed and ar
raigned and further hearing of -hi's case
will occur Wednesday next. ¦ ; .''-'v
Garnett Ingram, one of Uncle Sam's
thin line of blue, was accused yester
day before Judge Fritz of assault with
a deadly weapon. Policeman McCuci
who is detailed to the pleasant duty of
taking care of the district where the
warriors .of the nation mostly congre
gate, told the Judge thatlngram, with
out provocation, rushed at him with a
drawn knife at Baker and Greenwich
streets Sunday night and tried to cut
out his vermiform appendix, although
the policeman did not need such an op
eration.
A.po.liceman arrested both men 'and
they appeared' before Judge Mogan yes
terday. Aubrjng.was charged with bat*
tery arid found guilty and will be sen
tenced to-day. -Brewer was' acquitted
of .disturbing the peace on- the'grOund
that the strict neutrality maintained by
this country does not make it. a crime
to sing the Russian national anthem
in times of war, even though it-be pain
ful to listeners. ¦ •
• Casper Brewer. is a sailor man.arid
¦first; blinked -at the-, light, of day .ah. the
¦Russian, shores of the Baltic-.-. .--WHerr
.he learned blrally from a fellow coun
tryman .that General Kuropatkialrad
bqen;"put in charge of the Russian land
forces.' he. begari to .sing, the-'songe of
. his .¦ wild ." native . land arid particularly
the. Russian, iiatlohar anthem', which .'js
tihflt for. pubilcatibn in the" mariner in
which.it is originally spe'Hed. ;"• Besides,,
¦ft. might ; .ruin"lhe .presses. .7,- ••-.•, ••""•; . .
acoustics- of FDlsom/Rtre.et were"
inadequate 'to -bring- out-the.timbre-Qf-
Brewer's: , voice, -so; he. sought tlie'..jia'll
•wa-V • of a Modging-house. .JnfSkr ..by, , "be
tween .Third and '.Eou'rih streets. The're
3ri.-Bl.ept 'another. Pallor .man', named "Ar
ihur. AubF.ing,- with the Time bfcount
less seas limned Into picturesque curves
arid "(lashes ' on his countenance. ; • He
.awok : e.-frqm "'a. deep dream of peace' 'to
hear'the w-eirdcantatory efforts of.ttie'
Russian. Speedily-, he arose, and -w^ht
forth- in his. pajamas to battle. When
he had finished with IJrowef there was
.no song-left -ln : the victim-7-not .-even a
. teeny -Ayee'ny . squeak.. Also' there, was
very little unbroken skin, but a profu
sion of 'rich, coloring'' on face and £>pdy.
:..;Th.e policeman .pp'oedUyfj d£ated tb-e
.one-legged "athlete Just as lib- had 'land-,
ea, a'. . Divot . blow" ,and "cleverljf .; -.sidey
-etepped.'a ; return swing from tH'6'barg.
Remilson :w;as taken into custody. and
spent the rest, of the night in -jail.'.
Judge Mogan viewed" the" case; leniently
ahd- discharged the defendant! '.' ¦ .. •
:• •' ; ':i : ; .^.m a. ¦ strQrig . believer Tfr" atlilet^c:
.develo'pm'ent.:;^. he .said,-, "and when. 'I
.firid.si-ima.n'witn'only. one-phi w^io-has
energy Vnd- ability to'give-.a-punching
bag a'soiihd beatfog I thinkheshAurd
be!; secured. .for: a • prelimuidry.' "by ' Ate?
.Greggains... Instead of /"being', changed
;\vith".vlp1ating''the Jaw." '¦•• .' : '. : - v.- . • :¦ •*/
William Remllson Is the only orig
inal one-legged athlete. He was be
fore- Judge Mogan yesterday on a
charge of disturbing the peace and the
outward and visible signs. of a missing
sprout from the 'thigh down secured
his acquittal. *>;, ' .•
Remilson wandered Into a saloon at
Eighth and 'Folsom streets Sunday
jilght as the clock was striking the
.hour of 12. Therein he found a punch
ing bag loosely hung from the ceiling
•and he made a vigorous assault on it.,
Wha,ng! Whang! Whang!- went' .the
Inflated ball against the ceiling, while
the'-bartender leaned two-thirds of
his body- over, the counter arid* re
marked to. an- admiring 'throng, ."pid
y*-ev.er" see such wonderful footwork?
"Send." In a hurry call. -for Jimmy" Britt
and l'«t -him get some'- pointers."
:"¦ Unfortunately.-, for. "-Remilson". there
is--.a- "curfew" ordinance "against batter
ing ji punc'hlng.bag'after l-l- o'clock- at
rUght in a place -where a lodging-house
.occupies .the.. -uppe'r premises, Two
men- ¦fkom.theVu'nibn •Iron-:Wo"r.ks -oc
'cupied the- rppm' above., the- punching
bag ahQ-so forciblq'.were .the reVer
..berations ¦on'Jheir floor, that they-cqn-'
clude'd inirglars.'-were trying to. break)
tn.-^r»d steal. •" .'One .Qf 'them ".sat «n their'
tLeloiigings/ determined to" .'resist- until
.death;",'whlle o the- .rother/ hunted '-up <a
p.Qlice'man-and told bim'thelr" troubles.
'•' R.' Syrte.f. &"."16- year-old boy, likes to
see the, fire-.-engines turn out. Sunday
night he rushed into the grocery store
ot-Hv;' Johnson at McAllister street
and, Central avenue and.demanded the
keys.'.to tjie fire alarm"' box. ; ."De-hull
of de Odd Fellows* cemetery' Is afire,"
declared the kid. ."Vat^iss?" said, the
grpcerytnan as he handed over. the key.
"Gesundheit, •aufwiederaehen, s?Rt quick
ly a roovement on," i-Then he wentout
ln : his white apron, and; .looked for the
conflagration'. ..• . ;'. '.' • : ... , '*, *
"•' Presently flre'«ngines,-hd6k anO^iadf
der trucks- and;. Water- towers bega.fr to
•arrive "on -.tho.- scene, but: the only" fire
"that 'c'ould' be found was; on. the edge
of a oigarette held daintily' by Syne,
wH.Q'was; smoking languidly oirthecor
ner and enjoying .the excitement.'.'
• Th.^ firemen ..thought .deeply..' and.
.finally, came ;tp "the'.conclu'siQri that -"It
'wasthe/Dutch." "-. Thfe groceryman' pro
tested dnd ppihte'd out the-lartguid kid
afr the. corner -as- the- instigator -of Ithe
•trouble. .'Syre was bpfo're Judge' Mo"-.
gari- yesterLJay and was", found -guilty
pt- .violating' the.- fire" alarm'- bMinancW.
He '.a>- i.11- be sentenced to-day. V '¦"¦': ''¦-.'
• James. Bry'son,' whose other name is
Burke,..-wa-s .bound over to the ,Sur
-.perlcir Court yesterday' by- Judge Fritz
In- "bail- -"of 52000 on. : a charge of bur
glary, tie'ts accused of entering a.
room" In the. rear of* a pawn shop at
6pu Clay street and attempting to 'steal
a Quantity of clothing. , The proprietor
found him before' he had finished wrap
ping up the "bundle and .locked, him
into a rear room ".while a policeman was
summoned;.'.' who took -him Into cus
tody." ". . ,• " V '¦" ¦• ".-..' .
•" '1 •"' \.V; '-I. • ••: .';•-¦'.• . ' . ¦ t V' ¦¦,
.Paul Frledofer, who resides at 778
Mission street, was driving: at a furious
rate along Mission street Sunday night
and succeeded In running down a 13
year-old boy named William Gorman,
who lives at 3562 Mission street. The
boy was severe! v/ bruised on' the body
and was ( unableto appear in court. Ac
cording to the -testimony Friedofer
continued on his wayward career un
til some pedestrians held up* his hoYse
and took him back to the scene of .the
accident.
Judge Conla-n found the defendant
guilty of an- aggravated offense of bat-
Xery . and ordered', him • into .custody
without bail". His sentence wifl. be de
livered , to-day. ' , . ' . ' ¦'•'•• '•
¦ . , •»»• * . • • y i ¦"•
her, so the eoldler asserts, went a purse
containing $260. :!V
She was In Judge Conlan's court yes
terday to plead to charges of grand
larceny and vagrancy and her cases
¦went over until Thursday.
Judge Hunt Decides That It
Has' Entire Control Over
Department's • Buildings
Henry DeimeL Answers' Suit
of Mrs. E.*W. Richards by
'• Making Serious Charges
* _ •¦• ¦-••V • - , - i\ ;•¦¦•¦•- - Tf • I"" 1 ' •.¦¦-...-¦ ¦ . -
Judge Mogan Approves His energy and
Ability,. Even Though Sleepers Object.
.Aubring ..Breaks the ! Neutrality Law
"Sweet Pea Girl" Is Will
ing to Be Free, but She
Wants Decree of Divorce
CLARKE'S WIFE
OPPOSES SUIT
SCHOOL BOARD
IS SUSTAINED
CLAIMS WOMAN
DECEIVED HIM
ATHLETE WITH ONE LEG
MEETS MERCY IN COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1904.
The Mary'Patton Hospital.
•-, Post-graduate course and training
school" for nurtfes. 1106 - Post St.. San
Francisco. . . .: ' * :.¦
B. H.- Madison, mortgagee of the
American barkentine Northwest, % has
filed a libel of intervention in the
United States District Court in the suit
of Peter Thompson against that vessel.
Madison Files Intervention.*
7
much sickness and pain, says
Miss Alma Pratt, if they, will
only have faith in the use of
Lydia E Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
Judging from the letters she fa
receiving from so many young girls,
Mrs. Pinkham believes that our girls
are often pushed altogether too near
the limit of their endurance now-
adays in our public schools and eeniin-
arics.
¦Nothing is allowed to interfere -with
studies, the girl must bo pushed to tho
front and graduated with honor ; often
physical collapse follows, end it takes
years to recover the lost vitality,—
ct tea it is never recovered. Miss Pratt
«o's, — BS
"Dear Mes. Pctehak: — I feel It
my duty to tell all voung women how
much Lydia £. Pinkham's won*
d-rful Vegetable Compound has
done for rae. I was completely run-
down, unable to attend school, and did
not care for any kind of society, but
now I feel like a new person, and have
gained seven pounds of flesh in three
months. Bg
" I recommend it to all young
women who suffer from female weak-
aess.** — Miss Alma Pratt, Holly,
Mich. — fSOOO forfeit If original cf at»v* tetUr
prying penvtrentii eanaet b* pretueti,
THE ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
: : 1 The Largest, Finest and Most Thoroulhly
"The Electro-Chemic Treatment . Equipped Electrical and Medical
cures painiensiy and . Institute In the West.
Without operation:
25SS2HF*?!*- ALL CHRONIC AND SPECIAL DISEASES
XIOK^UMPTION, "Which make life ml«er»bls and happiness lm-
DEAFWESS, - possible are auccesstuly treated upon
2&S3S. . THE LATEST SCIENTIFIC PRINCIPLES
.NERVOUSNESS, *" - THE E"UECTRO-C HEMIC TREATMENT
DEHILITY.' PAKALYStS. itand» pre-eminent anu alone, la unequaled and
TftroMnTOR atama «• » h « mo8t advanced an d successful method of
LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, treatment known for alt classes of chronfc dls-
CAK3EB, TUMORS, eases. Hundreds of persona suffering from seem-
LIVES DISEASES. lnglr Incurable diseases, given up alike by phy-'
pvTnir<P<ll TiTB-BASS alctans aod friends as beyond hope of even relief,
5?J«?™T« nwwwiTA *»*•. under the magic influence of th. Electro-
DIABETES, DYSFEPBXA, Chemic Treatment, been restored to perfect health.
BLADDES TE.OTJBI.ES,
aid the special and CONSULTATION T^ T^ T^ T^
Kervous Disorder, ot m d \ . H- K • H H
Office Hours: Dally, 9 a.m. to 5 pan. and 7 to 8 p.m. Sunday*, ZO ajn. to 1 p-m.
The Electro -Chemic Institute,
118 OBAHT AVE., COB. PO3T ST., SAH PBAaTCISCO.
Separate Apartments Tor "Ladles . and Gentlemen.
"ADVEBTISEMEirra
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'youn? women may avoid*
n. *B9EH •t»» ¦* ¦ V >•* / JKmi ¦6"sr ¦'«¦* flnft? ¦•>••-• JrmASpecial information iupplled dally to
business houses and public men by t*a
Press CliDPlns Bureau (AU-n's>. 230 Call*
fornia street. Telephone Main ifar '^ii
. Towx-send's California ulace fruits and
candies. 60c a pound. In artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market *t.. above Call -bid* •
• 'Fra-nce»arid the United States fiaVe found time recently
to give casual discussion* to the feasibility of a treaty of
arbitration tJiat-shall be so sweeping in its obligations" as
to minimize the possibilities°'of,\var. While nothing that
makes for the, peaceable solution.- of, internationaj diffi
culties may* be. considered Utopian w-f must. not forget the
Czar of Russia's vision of universal peaqe when he pro
jected The Hague tribunal.
Viceroy* Alexieff. has adopted the unique expedient of
establishing % his Manchurian headquarters^ oh a, fortified
train that may be moved wherever the situation <-tnay de
mand. • There is little wonder that japaneip daring
enough to obstruct, the Viceroys speedy communication
with St. , Petersburg are summarily hanged. Why
doesn't the valiant Russian hire a balloon ?; • >
WIT-HJN'two weeks after the total destrurcti'on of
Tts establishment and pJant during the .great
.fife, the Baltimore -News resumed publication in
a- new plant of" its own. That is a single illustration of the
spirit of thV people of the stricken city and of the energy
with which '-the' work of rebuilding has been undertaken
and is 'being carried on. "
There is. of course, nothing surprising in such reports.
A simjUr dlspla'y of recuperative force has followed every
di?aste'f that has befallen an American city in recent
•times. --It has mattered not in what section of the Union
the disaster has occurred — : North or South, East or West
—the sanguine nature of the people is everywhere equal
.to. whatever calamity befalls, and whether it be Chicago,
Boston, Johnstown,"- Galveston or Baltimore,' the report
that follows a story of destruction is always a story- of
I. .
Every student of English history or
fiction has read of ancient leases of
property which require rent' to be paid
in peppercorns or roses, or in some
other curious way. The Windsor
Magazine describes some customs in
connection with land tenure which are
still more cur: «>us.
Whenever a certain estate at
Chlngford, In Essex, passes Into new
hands the owner, with his wife, man
servant and maid servant, goes on
•horseback to the parsonage and pays
homage by blowing, three blasts upon
a horn. He carries a. hawk upon his
fist and his servant leads a. greyhound,
both "supposed to be for the use of the
rector for that day.
The newcomer receives a chicken
for the hawk, a peck of oats for his
Strange Land Tenures.
A MORE BEAUTIFUL BALTIMORE.
CORBETT-SHARKEY— M. D. F..
City. The match between Corbett
and Sharkey .In the Mechanics* Pa
vilion, San Francisco. June- 24, 1SD6,
which resulted In a draucat the end of
four rounds, was under Marquis of
Queensberry rules, with 5-oz. glovea.
The match -vas under the direction of
the National Athletic Club and the
following conditions: -Sharltey "to be
awarded 35 ner cent of the net pro
ceeds if awartled a decision. In ths
event of a draw he was to receive but
25 per cent of the net proceeds,.Cor
bett to receive 50 per cent of the grbsa
receipts. The contestants to select a
referee at the . rinsside, and If they
could not agree the clubs to select
one. The* referee to decide at the end
of the fourth round which appeared
to be the stronger and better man.
THE 'ARCHER— l, j.; Berkeley,
Cal. Sagittarius is the southern zodln
cal sign commonly called the Archer.
It represents a centaur drawing a bow.
The constellation la east of Scorpio
and "is specially in the Southern United
States a prominent object in. the sum
mer evenings. Any almanac will give
the dates when it appears.
The San Francisco Call, with its cus
tomary -ente'rprise, has already dis
patched a special correspondent, Oscar
K. Davis, to the Orient to report the
confHct'now raging in the Far East. To
get authentic war news and get It quick
Is no easy matter. The world is anx
icusly wa'tching, it might tre said, e*very
hour for . the important events now
'transpiring "at the seat of the conflict.
A special correspondent only is able
to furnish this news, and the special
must have marked ability and expe
rience if" the first "report of an im
portant event is to be relied upon. Mr.
Davis has* both experience and ability,
and The Call's war news we believe
will be authentic and up to the hour.—
Paso Robles Record.
About Our War Nexvs.
LEFT-HANDED MAN— L. O.. Frait
vale, Cal. There is no record of the
number of left-handed men who have
become first-class mechanics or book
keepers. The fact that a man is left
handed does not prevent him from bv
ct'Hningr a good mechanic or a good
bookkeeper*
- COPPERHEADS— A. E. S.. San Joso.
Cal. Copperhead was a name applied
during the Civil War to Northerners
who 'sympathized with the South. It is
the name of a snake that prefers dark
and moist places and la said to stlnff
from behind, hence the allusion is ob
vious. vi».
FRANCHISE— A Constant Reader,
City. The franchise to : the Ferrie3
anft Cliff House Railroad in San Fran
cisco was granted March 19. 1S84, for
u period of twenty-five years. At thia
time there is no information as t >
what will be done with the road when
the franchise expires.
The keenness of • Attorney * Thomas
Hlckey won him a case in quick fash
ion before justice of' the Peace Daniels
the other day. He was the attorney
for the defendant in an action brought
by a man named Dodson. It was an
action to- recover 5100 on an alleged
cofttr.act. Dodson was", placed 'on the
stand and questioned by his attorney.
The plaintiff's answers practically null
ified hid suit and his attorney, tried
by £very» means in his power to pre
vent him from talking wildly. Hickey
smiled pleasantly during, the proceed
ings, and when Dodson's attorney said,
''That's pur ca'se, your Honor," Hlckey
jumped to his feet and said, "It's the
case for the defense also, your Honor."
"Jud.gm.ent for the defendant," said
Daniels,, much to the disgust of Dod
sonVwho could not see that by his own
volubility he had ruined his own case.
Talked Too Much. ¦
. In this the aroused valley is accourited-'for." fhe buyer
is-getting his holding at raw land prices and will receive
the : i ncr erne Jit of value, put upon it by- his own labor.!
If this* goes -oil that, valley wiH soon teem w-ith popula- I
tion and it's. --tawn-S will" g"et an impulse that will" startle!
them... The "-State has heeded just such conditions.; There]
Has' becil too* - -ruich tendency .iii this State to hold land |
so' high" that the" buyer can ¦ add-no increment' by his
labor.,' He .has been. .-expected to pay for undeveloped
land- -alT that* if will be. worth when developed. 0 Wise
"men*'wh/»are a desirable addition, to the .population of a
.State, -will-'not. buy l.and- under such circumstances*. They
w-ill not "put upon it". improvements and intensive tillage*
iri tbe certainty, that <hen *it will °be .worth only what
theypaid for it.: Al| California may go to. the aroused i
Sacramcrjto* Valley', studj' its waxs and be wise. j
\-.' .iJiulc^ ytiieser'.- cir:cjii'msta:hces : the smalf- Jand-liolders
>*vcr?. th.e. ; nrst. vjctirn*3 ,of -.the decjine pf- ah industry. They
;kept. tip th-e-fi^f-h't as" l.oriig as they cbuid-'a'ud. then' sold to
'fhc:.larg£ 4a-i>d r h6rders, .resulting, in a- l.*Jp^e'a"f pop'nlation*
.and the' aggregatioii- of landed estates into. larger hold
ings.' • The' ".owners-;-. of .'.these ' h.ave held on," sowed wheat,,
.sold.it d6\V'ivt6 the'eosf o'.f production, endu'red the losses*
¦of bad" years and. hlatned the railroads, until at last they
.are up against the same. problem.'that .overtook the slnall
lan-d-holdcrs," years ago." '¦ The result -is. a cessation of the
aggregation of' estates- and their progressive subdivision
into. 'small holdings again. .Adversity .has conquered the
•pride of possession.'- The land has nobl'er • uses- th-an
wheat growing and these uses, support a greater- popula
•tion, because .they enable ,\ family .to' live well a"nd-acqirife
• a competency on a less acreage.' ' • ;• -':;.¦' •
It is especially inspiring to rcad'ih the communlcatiah
"to The. Call by ?ili*. Bpard> .secretary of .tlie Sa-cr'amenio-
Valley. ' Development Association, tiiat the present land
values are based, on what the. land is worth £or- 'wheat
and gracing purp.o'ses.. That means that buyers can take it
hn.the Valuation' fixed by an industry that is passhig away
and, by subjecting, it tonobkr uses, get t'he profit of the
.increased value ; -fixed by. such us'fes. Mr. Bea-rd says that
n?a.ny Sacramcnt'o -Valley orchards give a net- profit of
$ioo per acr.e° annually; .while alfalfa yields. $25; to $40
per. acre, and where dairy cows arc .kept this is increased
to- $60 'and $70. The land that \vill- do this is- to be Had"
at whea-fland prices. • -.'. • . . . '• ¦'•-
>-t--v I FE.- /.inertia of*, the." population- -of : th.e':' Sacramento
j ¦'.Valley Has' been for'ye v ars].t.he d-e.s.pair.'-of*.the.. State.
.-;"•* : * .Counties in. thaf, ;par^..of" tfi-e " State .have gained
population' slowly,/ anft; spine. .o l £-th.ehj.*.ha,vfe; -ibst-, •eS.p'ecidlly
in.- the rural ' "districts"-] ¦'¦' .'>.':•• • ' '.-/¦. ¦': ' •"* ';•
-.'• :Vi is; wo;\v .seen -that. \tfi-is- h^'s been" ..due to' the economic
dfstuFbarice.-.wluch- 'attends jupofi- ttK change, of industries.
•Tha-t valley- '.won « its 'nrst' rio'iice -as - a : -\vheai producer.
When- .its : wli^at- paid-iu^lv-ffeighis by'.river J; high prices,
and; » . gceat -yield p.ef,faG're : .o'vercb'n.e*'th'e'cqs.t.pf reaching
mtirket' U»d- left -.suth- a,'.mar"gin-";as- made th<r vyheat- grow-.
¦er^ i be)iete % fhVt.'f.lveir;jiidiis.t'r^ \vas".as permanent aS r ! the
;sqtl 'on ••which'! it dep-enjJed:; ,' .;Tlie-.- railroaii^ . running up,
.b<;*ili -si.d.e.s vdf the. ralley,;an.d'. : Hle •f.ecdie : rs..w'h'ich. crossed
it-.in due; ti-mevreducleB tlie. 'rdVet/fr.eight.s.-; "B-ut tlie. yield
dec'linect . : un<|e.r persistent- : c'r6pl3.ji'ig.\v'it4ib.ut. iotaticjn .an.d
Uie -price- !fel_l -iiwder^t-he.-conVpetition "oincw -wheat fields
ni; otlicp' p^ir.4s-'.c)f the- .w.orid! ••.•.-'• .-•• •'•¦'. . '••' .
AN AROUSED: VAttBY.
"The for.lc.-m athlete gazed longingly
into- the fac(» of the doctor before he
answered. .* "Was. just thinkir>g," quoth
he; "whether or not I -will be able to
play the piano when this bum arnVof
ihhie is healed." '• .
. "W.hy,t of course you will." answered
the doctor. ''There is no question
abrjut it."
"Well, I am glad of that," replied
the athlete, "for I never could play be
fpre:' 1 ' - * •*;•':
The doctor Ayas'as kind and'thought
ful as" most doctors generally are and
exercised a 'deal of patience with his
inquisitive patient. 'One morning .the
latter strolled, into the oftlee of the-
M. D. looking "a little more* sorrowful
than ever. * * -
"Why, what's the matter now?" in
quired the- physician, looking up. • *p •
A well known local athlete became.
a trifle too strong and energetic •some
time ago-.'and while trying t-o s'pllnter
a ferxy world's records in -the- -gymria.
sium one.jnorning broke, his right arm.
He 'Went to a physician to have fhe
injured- member dressed and while un
der the care of the medical man. made,
the latter':? life a burden with his ques
tionsv,as to how .long he would be laid
up and what he -could or could not do
after the arm had healed.'. .. .
Wanted to Knoiv:
•All classes- in,"R ; ns,sia'i".t-he : prt)iodo.x,..'J.e'w, Catholic ; and-
MohammedrtAj- are- contributing liberally* and' patriot
ically to. t.He war..fund.' ¦"iro'weyer^a family may be divided
against;. itself. *in dchnesiic 'diffi'cu'ltie.s., it is after all. the
family' against *.:a f<;rre.ig'n;. ; disturber...wh : en "outside .trouble,
•presents -itself.. .'.¦.'•...•": :. : "• .'.- • "•• •'/'... . * 1 •
"As already said, the Rup^ians occu
pyiji?? this central valley. of Fouthern
Mrnrhuria ar<? protectad on the o.-wt-,
ern iJank throughout, the en Urr. dis
tance, extending from N'ewchwang "to
Vladivostok, a distance of 600 or 700
miles, by the lofty, tnow-clad Long
White. Mountains, which can be pen
etrated f rqm • the Korean side by an
¦;-. .The .'plain 'of. the campaig-ris against'
•.Chiria ¦¦_wa-s.':e'sse*hti'ally" similar to that'
:.UR<3n; tyrij.dlr the J-ipaneseftijve'set -out
against ' Ijusjia."-. .-.The ttee't was first-'at
¦riclted- 'an'd';disaT>lt ; d. iijrl .Uriveh ' int'o
¦ "Wefhajwei". .where. '"It .-was .finally d^
¦Bt.rbycd^ .For -the" (-apture rcf Port 'Ar
thur a force \y-as- Lanried on the.i,iao
*.iirig.Peninsula "to/the north of Port Ar
thur, Be£** : e«iw.*the3ne" and Newc-hwan^.
¦"Thence, _app'.ri«arhir.R-P«irtAi;thur in th'e
.'r^aiv.'the- Japahet-v'-easjiy Overcame the
Chinese, forces' ti.ri'j .'made their victory.'
-.xormplete l>y the capture* of the fort.* A
sihiilaT.pton-'Viis tibrfcued in capturing
Weiha'iwei. .Both "jhes>. "fortifications*
had betn- laid *.cAJt--1.'y -the highest ".eiir
giheenins "j;k-iH and.tvere" supposed- hy
JLf KuK-g «Charig to >>e rmpregrnabl'e.
.W*hen vhis.' '.vas provjed -false' by their
capture- he is TfpiiMed to-have'sajd that
th.cy "were"-*:imprt.'sr:"ab'le only i.n. front,
and th-it-.-it'-'was .u:%fajr to take thejn in
the rear. It'.- remain^ to tje-lseen whe'tb
*er the -Rlis^ihjis iliv- oVertooked tfje
importance of "rear fortifications, • liut
mofe [xdpdrtant el-ill to see whether the
Russian "soldiers fighting, on "a retreai
ing line behind fortifications can* -be
overcome' -ks <?asi!-r-. as .the, Chinese soJ-.
diers -tvere. "...'"• "; :-.VivJ.v . * "
But even if" Port : Ar.thu"r shpul-d be
taken- that would' be "merely an out
post. TJ>?" fe*a1 position of R"us?i.m
strength lie's *in.the valley" extending
500 miles- from*- IS"e'wch\yaiigr u?i Lhe
Liaotung- "River an'd o.ver,tli-e low pass
into the Suneari River*, passing by th>
large cities of MuKden. Telinj. Kai
wan and-Quarrchentze. This is an ex
ceedingly 'f rui.tfu'i r.illej; from , 50" to*
100 miles in \vidth, penetrated through
its entire length b.v the Rur~ian-Chi-
nesc Eastern Railroad, It is in this
portion". of- Manchuria- that the ia'rp>?r'
part of the population of. the'prOTtace
Is concentrated. • The resion can am
ply supply- tho. iluV<ian" jirnry with aJl
the food it n^'eds-for man "tmd_ beast.
One of the first things .aco.6m"p-l1«h«l
by the Btfig*ri**JTil afl-er_ coniplctingr. the
rai>road was -to b.uild-stpn.m..liour mill"".
at various points "along the line.- .Only
a A|w months ugu I rJecei\";cd a latter
from one of "the ¦pfb.minentl Ru:s"sir|n
t-nfrineer« aslcing me to put hhjx."iu-to
communication with" an American firm
that could. supply his pteam gTtst mill
on th« Sui3i-arl .Riyor with tke requ'i-*
site machinery.. T-wo other, such n\il:s.
I know "have* her n. buiU ,'it H"ifbln."-So-
Ihe"cotnniJ«5ffriat of the Tlusj-ian-arijiy
xylli -inefceht /;o yrolAem. The R-!is-
Uan .arciy- cait-. never- b^i («*>" from. Its.
¦ha'f-». of/KuiT-'i.e's.* . '.- • " *;; .i
As oa*vaii-y is like"y" to play, a, hvort
HfTporta n i "\>nr.t .in; the v.-.-iv it- is 'Ppe
c-aliy worthy" of rio.tice-.t'nr-t the'north
ern part of .i his valiey -di ¦•famous tar.
Us horses*.' .QuiinrhentiJe bclhff one. of
th*-'* orrentept hnrsw markets "in -th'a
.vrorld: 'for.- -5tr?tt-hJns*-l-irlH'e.r oK-'ui
the. . north «»sf' tju«re are" vast" jjiaiij"*
not yet ; brought /under." cultiyatioij.
which are .occupied "hi.ostly. hy -royfnj
bands <*»r*Lfr.nchu Tartai.*sf whose -pfin
cljtkl "wealth* <"ft.nsists Jn horses. ••An.
is \v*>Jl knoUii, fhe-CoKficl:*". who forni
a iargre porlion".<»f th? 'Russian army of.
"ocrupaJion,, .feel •njost . fit home or/
hc-rsebark a-nd thin" is the branch o : f
the ser\*ir«» ir> ¦rhlchutheT Japanese ari» ,
specially . <rlcri^i'"*nt. . There arc? no
"lonjcs -worth ipeaking of in Japan,
ar/1 tl^eir * cavalry is . con.""enue.ntly
scarcely, more- than h. caricature. In-!
howemsnfhlp. .tlv C.ossa<:k • has the
same superiority over the .Japanese
that the .Japanese has over Rues la in
ser.manship. * •
, Korea is a mountainoue^peninsula, re
lated t_d 'Manchuria 'somewhat as Italy
Is -. to Central * Uurope..- It '.fontains an
area oi"8*^0<?0"square miles, beingr about,
as karge as c Xe\v'~EngfaTid' with half Of
New York- aclded. " ench.«ria' h*as* ah
area ornearli-.-400.000 square miles." he
'ing about. 'as'lcrge °s that portion of
the "tTiiiteU.' States' "east, of the "J^isfis
miijpl River -and north of the Ohio. ' •:.
• Across 'i.ts entire northwestern border
Korea Is ¦separated from Manchuria Uy
a range (Jf-rn-ountaifis = almost .as/inaci
cesslbfe' - the Alps..' \vhlch separate
ita.IX'.ffom'Ku-roi'e:' 'The soy.thwestern
.termipiig '.<t>f'-this iiiountain- range -is a
prarn'o'ntb'ry. 1%:. the \ Chinese.-. Sea-, and
*!ih"e" remar.kable harjjprs of
'PorfiATfh-ur 1 ' and-JDalny/. But i line <jf
.inlands. pcatticallV cent! Hues*, the ranga.
a'crdEs/the; rpp-uth. of the ariiif of Pechiji
-to'. 'the -Shantjjng.-Pjeninsu.la", Which is
A\sa.ai njOyntaippus-mass: Port:Artlii;r.
Gni"th> BortK ; and Vm-thje
snutlj .'.were- the' " strongest fortresses of
'l*h.e Chinese e'irivltQ, "which .were ta-ien
•I'V'. the • • j'apar.'eie ' .in "/(heir war ivi'tli
Cfc|BA*ta-l8S5. ¦• ' .'¦ ". ..'¦*.' . .
BV G. FREDERICK WRIGHT. LL. D.
* Author* cf. *.-Asiatic Kussia,"' elc.)
' 'CopjTig!!t. 1304, by Jospph B. BowleB.)
• The war" between Russia and Japan
is aptly compared to a contest between
a whale and .'a*n elephant. In the long
•ran It. will he 'ol- little avail for Japan
ttb w-in .viVtofles on the sea and ob.lain
a fppt"hoHi. u-H>n the.,4>order of -the
Asiatic Cpntinenti Even the po.=!3«ssion
«f Korea _iyill give them little perma
nent atlvaVitage friccoritendinfr 'with an
?-xjjanding- l? v nd power .'ucb as Russia
approaching t fro"m-the west. A little.at
teritlon. to the physic.-al geographj' of
the regio^ will show how strongly in
trenched"'is tlie Russian- position, even
though she 'temporarily "lo'se her su
premacy ui>oi*i the sea. • " '" c_
The- Seal' of War.
WE recently, noticed the report- of .tlie -Massa
chnsetts comm.ission against compulsory arbi
tration.' That, report covered aH of "the esseir
tiah points, and -seemed to exhaust the subject. Since
New Zealand has been so widely advertised as the lan-'d
of no strikes, because of her= compulsory arbitration- law,
theorists in this' country have been enthusiastic over the
plan. -They leave out of their calculations, two impor
tant elements, one affecting the employer and the other
the employe. . * .
In New Zealand the law soon became a matter o'f poli
tics. The.'vote of the employes far exceeds th'a.t of the
employers^' As a result the, decisions of the arbitration
officers,. who depend .upon -politics for their places, .fav
ored the greater number of voters. But it was found im
possible to compel employers to stay in business under
conditions that left them no inducement hi the shape of
profit. So there began, and continues, a • disappearance
of the industries which employ labor. °As no law can
compel an", employer to dp business in- order to employ
labor at a wage scale arbitrated to his disadvantage, so
nothing can compel a laboring man to continue- work at
a scale -that is below what he believes .is a proper stand
ard of life". "The New -Zealand plan is an illustration of
the evil effects of a purely arbitrary and artificial inters
ference with the .natural law of supply and demand. ° •
The bill* now before Congress, to provide a permanent
and costly tribunal for compulsory arbitration, has all- of
the pernicious features of the New Zealand plan. The
committee that has it in charge is consulting the' labor
union leaders .of the country, and their- answers are not
favorable to the proposed law. The principle cannot- be
tc*> often stated that in this country there is no power to
compel a tree man to work. When. by voluntary idleness
he incurs the penalty, visited upon vagrancy, -he legally
loses his status as a free man, and- the consequences are.
upon him. ». " . '..•¦•
Our system docs not permit 'lie infliction' of "cpmpu.1*
so.ry labor or compulsory idleness. ¦ Urid.er it no free
man can. legally be compelled to work nor to be idle. This
"would be an. interference with natural right, ..equal to -the.
holding of -men in slavery. We have explained before
that this is the reason which even vitiates-, a. labor, con
tract. . A workman may riiake a contfact.'as an individual,
and niay perform it as far- and a£ long 'as suits him, and
no. -longer,- While" lie' performs it he must live up. -to' its'
conditions. His employer' can be 'compelled,. ;in like man
ner, to keep his part of. such a contract, only while it is;
¦i'n : -performance by the other party.- ..-.';... * •
• The variations from this rule occur orilywhen property
is ill judicial- custody, or in the ca.«e of contracts on 'the
high seas, or in the public service. "When- the undertak
ing, is between cirizeh and citizen .its- performance .by the
laborer is voluntary. .Of course this, condition of" -legal,
respect for the rights of labor is associated with'th.e"free-
dom of labo.r. When the party to such- a' contract .teases,
to-.perfonri it, it is the right of the employer to";.'ftlthis
place, and.' anj'thmg which prevents' another ' man tak'iiig.
it; if he wish to do so, is an illegal restraint upph both tlie;
employer; arid tHe employe. . " '. '. : ¦;¦:¦. ¦• ¦''¦". .'".
-This bciiig the natural and legal condition oiAzhtir.'ui.
the United States, a compulsory restraint -.upon.it; .which^
would trompel the employer to run his busuiess :.t q- . f iu*-
ni«.h work and pay wages-, • or . the- employe -to' .cpntiriuc
labor under conditions that' are not to hi's.ii-itef-eSt,; : i«i- iu-:
siifterable. . We have no doubt, that if employers^ar.e alsft'
consulte.d by the committee thefr opppskioiV .will: -b.e'
found to be as. emphatic as that of the labor, lea-cjefsf. - .K^i*'
them it brings in .sight the conditions:'.';tha-tS'are'r.,over
whe'lming and otisoleting the industries of. New; Zealand.
Politics enters into such questions here .t'Q..a,')gfeit'CT;<Jev
gree than there, and no one can insure tfie docisiDns .iii).
der compulsory" arbitration, from: a tendency. • that \yi;l>
drive the employer to the wall and "compel"him-tdaban-
donbusiness. • '. . . ' '.. -.¦•¦'• ¦¦' ¦ .. .
Taking men and politics as they are, such a result may
be confidently anticipated. In the superficial vjew- it- may
be said that the labor leaders should favor a : system
which throws . tlie disputes over wages arid ; ljoiirs into
palitics. which will in effect? make th-e wqrkingmen them
selves the arbitrators, ex p-arte, of all issiies-agairijst the
employers. It'dOes thorn much credit that they look up
on this as an apparent and .not. an 'actual advantage, Tje
cause no power exists to compel one man to employ an
other. When the pressure of practically ex parfc arbitral
tiou reaches* a certain point, capital, the employer, aban
dons the field and industry ceases. ' '*-*- s i . • . .
Stick a law is no "remedy. The real cure lies iii pro-,
tec ting the legal equality of" ajl men, and right, to
work or ' to quit, without arbitrary interference. £rom
any. source,. This is the same, as saying, that the .solu
tion "lies in the free exercise and enjoyment by . every
man of his 'natural right.. • . ' . • '.- :
Theorists .are amiable people, who are no' '.doubt. Jrijir
cercly impressed by the "woes and t"he mistakes and mis
chances of humanity, and really believe that they -are.
susceptible of purely artificial' remedy. Kilt the equality
of which they dream can never be, for it means equality
of achievement. * Nothing can-destroy equality. of oppor
tunity undcrou'r Government, and nothing''' can create
equality of achievement. Men differ in the qualities of
thrift, industry, temperance and judgment, and no. way
will, ever be found to abolish that difference. -InsC-eaud of
yiejding to artificial remedies, it is "increased by their ap
plication". The personal' equation vrill afways-rtrqain tl\e
great and ruling factor in human affairs. -Every man is
entitled, a..s an individual, to benefit himscjf'.hy his' su
perior skill-, strength, endurance and enterprise, and so
ciety is injured in proportion as this, right "is in "any. man*
ncr interfered with. •• . . ° •* "
The proposed legislation.- is of doubtful constitution
ality, but there is no doubt of its inexpediency. ' . ' •'
BILI*Y EMERSON— H. A. P.. City.
Billy Emerson, the minstrel, died in
Dlnan's " Hotel, Boston, Mass., Febru
ary 22, 19*1?. ' ,'X •
. T-hat's all the world .to me; . '"•-/
Now, that sweet, lon.e rose is the glad
dest thing. " "
In the days thaX come and go;
It's like to the si'mple -sons you sinff.
• • When the c-indle lisjht burns low.
'. • — Paul Du Shay.-.-
Answers to Queries. /'•¦
Leith. ' . . \
In the l<>ns. the'long ago.- - :•
Now that rose which grew on the* blasted
hi-ath.
Agex and ages ago.
Was the on*- 'bright hripe. to .the daugh
ters of Lfith " '••
In- the long, the long ago. . •
Th%re is a single, rose in our garden fair.
In «>UF-tiome beside tfie aea;
There is ;i single rose "in -your Titian
hair :«•. %
A rose *tii<;re gi*ew oa a blasted hpa'th, *
Ages and ag^s ago; * .-¦-'-
That rose whs fed by the.* water* of
A Single .Rose.,
horse and a loaf of bread for ht*3 grey
hound. After dinner the ovfner .blows
three blasts and then with his. p*arty
withdraws from the rectory: ;
The "Castor-Whip Tenure" is even
more remarkable. On p*alm Sunday
every year a servant 'from the
Broughton estate , attend? service* at
Castor church with a new' cart whip."
and* after cracking it- three times tn
the porch, marches with .it to tlio
manor house.
Yv'hen the clergyman begins the ser
mon the servant quits his seat. A
purse containing Jthirty pieces ot silver
is fixed at the "end of the? whip-lash
and, kneeling on a cushion, he.' holds
the purse suspended over the head of
the clergyman until the end of the ser
mon. Then purse and whip are left
at the manor house. * • • . • '
The "Whisper Court" at Roekfprd.
Essex, is a- strange Michaelmas ob
servance held .under the.superintend
ence of the steward of the maner-. ThV
business' of the. court is C3rried out
at mi4nlght..ln the" open air.
The^absence of a tenant is punish
able* by" a fine of double his rent .for
each- hour he Tails ro be in attendance.,- •
no artificial * ligh-t except a
is nermitted; the proceedings are. re-'"
corded by means'of one'of the embei*3
of the. brand. JThe rp.lf of fourteen
tenants is called- over and- answered to.
in a whisper; and' tKen they kneel and
swear allegiance. .- . - V -" •"* ;
The explanation o'f -.-this " qld.'. cere-1
mony- is" that' very many" years ago*.'
t.he lord of ' the manor,.- after -an *ab-
sente-.from-.his'estate, was returning
Irorne by night. Passing over "King's
Hi-11 he. accidentally heard some- of 'his;
•discontented .tenantry .plotting his 'as'-*
sassjnation and, .thus* warned, he
reached home by ah unexpected -route.';
He enacted that from that tim-e*. forth
the tenants' on his estate should * as
semble every.. year exactly, at the same,
time to"- do him homage round a po:«t
w.hich he ecevted on the precise spot
ivnere the plotters met. * '• % "• •
"Hundred and fifty." *.
* "Too much. Give you a hundred."
"Split the difference. Make it one
twenty-five." . . * .
¦ After' some apparent hesitation, but
with many a-n- anxious glance over _t*he
side df his rapidly settling vessel, the
Courser's captain agreed to pay J125*
and the tugboat's., hawser' was "made
fast.. Tke securing the big rope sealed
the bargain, and haTdly was it ar.ound
the Courser's forward bit when the
sailing vessel's skipper sang a out; .
"AH hands to the pumps and lively.
Dan, we're leaking like a .sieve." Go
like hell, and take me to' Mission flats,
where she can rest on the mud."
• "Want a. tow, captain?" asked Dan
llaskell, who was in command of the
tug.
"Guess I'm' doing 1 all right as it is.
What'll you take me in for. Dan?"
¦ Since the 'day" When the first, tow
boat pulled a helpless vessel from dan
.ger to safety and charged handsomely
for the service towboat men and master
mariners have waged a war of wits.
The big .-ship's necessity has usually
been the tugboat's opportunity, and
none realized thi3 better than the ship's
commander,* whose only hope of secur
ing hel-p.at regular rates lay in con
cealing # the extent of his necessity.
The old shiD Courser, .whose hull is.
now doing duty as a coal hulk, once
sprang a leak on her way here from
a northern lumber' port. She was load
ed with redwood and could not sink,
but if she became water-logged the
chances were very much In favor of
her turning turtle, drowning all on
board and going to pieces. All hands
were kept at the pumps, and by dint
of constant labor the outrush of water
from the pumps more than kept .pace
with the flood which pouredMn through
an oDen seam. As the Courser ap
proached the Golden Gate a tugboat
was setn approaching. The sailors were
•worn, out and cguM not have kept up
the battle much longer.- The captain,
however, did not like the ideal of pay
ing *the emergency rate, to which the
towboat that saved his ship would be
justly entitled.
"Stop, pumping." he. ordered. "Get
your pipes, light them, lie down on the
beck load and take a smokt?. Keep your
mouths shut about the leak."
The Wilv Salt.
, This, however, the. Russian Goye-rn-
Jjierii has 'tseti&bout accomplishing and
brfofe another winter will -have ac
complished, so .that -there ivill be,, a
_<-ontmu<5ii« .track from'Rt. "Petersburg
to- Vladivostok an<7 Port Arthur.. But
•this obstruction ia temporarily over
come,- for- the present .emergency,." by
laying a track across th.fi ice, which will
be", reasonably free- from interruption
until May i. For "hundreds.. of years
A ' 'continuous stream of sledges / have
'crossed jlhe la|<e between- the«e points
upon the ice duriii-r tho wiuter. -"There
.will be. nq.Qifflculty therefore in trans
porting to. the seat of \ya» this.com
ing Rprinsf . 3OJ5.OJ3O well equipped
troops* from Eastern Siberia and EJuro
•pean Russia to augment th'ose already
in the field (numbering, I suppose,
about 300,000), and the equal number
who may be "brought into, the fleidr by
nlling-up and mobilizing the skeleton
regiments in Eastern Siberia. ; Such is
¦the elephant "which the *" Japanes*e
whale has attacked. The* situation is
the most remarkable in the world's
history. The issue, will depend upon
th« -. patriotism of th.e Russian people
and the ability of her military lead
erc IPS ' • '
Lake Baikal is, -however-, a 'serious
Interruption .-.to " tJio. Trans-Siberian
Railroad, .and for the present greatly
aimimshes .its ' military value.' The
lake is 400 miles long and on th& aver
age thirty: mi tea wide. It. is surround
ed oh every side by -precipitous rrioun
tams several thousand feet in height,"
which are penetrated only by two or
three river- valleys coming .intp it from'
th« - cast and. by a single gorge.throug-h
which the Angara River conducts its
waters into the plains- about. Irkutsk.
Such .is the contour, however, that
from the point where the*, railroad
reaches it .at the head of. the Angara'
River to .the" available terminus of
the railroad upon Ahe other side Is a
distance df fifty .miles, .which, the
ftteain t crrle* have to traverse to* make
the/connectlon. To. get around the
pou.th eiid of the l.akewith a rn.ilrq.ad
bfvojVas the builtling'-o.f nearly 200
'miles of {rnck'thrqugh one. of "the. most
drnVult regions in which a railroad
wa^rivercdnFtructed. "• -'•'" .
.There .is. much discussion.- over -the
'military value of the Trans-Siberian
Railroad. The Japanese and -some .oth
ers take the view -that it is so Jong a
•line an,d so poorly- built that it will
not.be of milch worth in forwarding
troops and supplies. But this is a great
miftake. Though the read is. long and
a single track, the sidings are ample,
¦and the gauge is such thaf any amount
of rolling Mock -can 'be-, utilized upon
it'.from the' other Government • roads.'
When traversing the road : ih -1900.-. at
th^-jtime- of .the -Boxer revolution, we
had ample opportunity to learn muclj
at first hand, of the capacity for- trans-,
porting troops, pay. aftnr day for sev
eral.-weeks, • as we' loitered along, this
groat highway, we saw very regularly
tws/ -military* trains a .going .east
ward, each- carrying a "full regiment"
of l30fi men-, with a. fair, proportion of
'horses?* and military stores; and there-
Was no visible reason why there should
nc;t -have been twice that, number,, ex-'
cept that at- that time th'ere was only
one 'steam f«rry-boat for transporting
trains across Lake Baikal^ But upon
that ferry-boat I have seen, thirty cars
at. one time' vith 1500 soldiers." The
boat, .however,, was able to make only
two trips a day.. But later a .second
boat of equal capacity was put- on| o so
that COCO soldiers a day could easily
be carried". across; -while In. the winter'.
When the lake is frozen over from Jan,-'
ua.ry to May, the track which .is laid
across will make the transit even eas
ier -than i'nsummer.
Everything: turns, therefore, upon
the facility with which- .the. "Russian?
can reach this fertile valley In south
ern Manchuria, so closely in the rear
of Korea. .But supposing that the
'Japanese should command the soa and
thus cut -on* access to the valley from
that side, it is still approachable by
a .well built railroad in the rear- which
not only comes all the way. from the
center of Russian power, but taps the
resources of the vast empire of East
ern Siberia, which is nat far away.
In much of the "speculation upon this
campaign the writers seem to forget
that there is a large population -of
.Cossacks, the most warlike, portion of
the llustsans,- already in Eastern Si
beria, so that the Russians have but
t<> mobilize the army In that portion
of the empire to more than double the
forces already in the field, for there
is already a Russian population of
nearly 2,000,000 in the provinces east
of Lake Baikal, of which men in mid
dle Jife w the predominant element
Among these there is nearly half a
million 'who are subject to' military'
duly, the r most of whom would take
to w'ar as na'turallv as did 'the 'Ameri
can pioneers in the time of the revo
lution. Xor is this railroad in '.any
special danger of being interrupted.
The only point at which it is possibly
accessible to Japanese invaders is nea.r
its terminus on the Jyiaotung Penin
sula, -while 200 miles of the Port Ar
thur end could he cut off, and' yet
leave the Russians in possession . of
their most important vantage ground
between Xewchwang an:d Mukden. .
Uirssia's 'northern' fortress on the Pa
cific Coast is Vladivostok. This is of
supreme importance, and is more thor
oughly protected than any other naval
Station in the world. Situated, on a
bay as magnificent as' thaf of San
Francisco or of Rio Janeiro, it is sur
rounded with mountains and can be
•approached only by' a Jong and tortu :
?jus channel, and is. therefore pratti
c'a'bly invulnerable from an- attack by
ibea,."\Vhile to the north an inhospitable
coast bordered by an' abrupt and ini - :
passible. mountain. chain -renders -an. at
tack- from. the flank or. rear entirely out
of the question. Like, tne interior val
ley of Manchuria, also, tho one stretch-,
"ing" 400'. miles- north of Vladivostok- is"
rich, in agricultural .resources' and ca
pable- c-f - supplying all the food pro
ducts that ¦ are necessary, while coal
mines render, them independent of ' for
eign nations . for their supply of fuel.
army only with the greatest difficulty,
fince 'the Russians, already occupy the
only practicable passes in the lower
portions of the range toward its south
west- extremity. From the mouth of
the Yalu. River to Mukde.n » Japanese
army would be compelled- to fight, a
continuous battle along- a road that
could e:\silybe fortified for a distance
of "1 DO mile's.. . ¦•¦ ¦..-¦" ¦ •*• )\ ¦i'.j'.'--^ '¦'
reconstruction begun- at once and pressed -forward .with
indomitable energy.. . o • . " . . •¦ . •'; •
In each case, moreover, the work of reconstruction is
undertaken with a view. to making- the new .city far- su
perior to- the old.' So often, indecd,'have great. municipal"
improvements followed destructive, fires or floods that in
some respects .the calamities might be themselves looked
upon as benefits. -The rebuilt Chicago, Boston arid Gal*
veston has each been- fkr'..s.up.e.ri.or. in the magnificence of
its bujldings and.iii' its sanitary arrangements to the old,
anda : similaf-.b'erient c is likely to accrue. to Baltimore.
A - recent. report -of the st.eps taken toward profiting by
the- fire to make much needed improvements ih-the city
says': /'The new ; Baltimore— -an ideal .city, with straight,'
.wide" streets in .(he business" difitrict; with buildings of the
latest, pattern- and most- modern construction,- and here
¦and ther"e small parks where- houses stood . before — has
been planned by the ' Mayor's' advisory "board and «the
work of putting the plan- into execution ivill be begun
this week. *'.}i* *.*The - committee first, will decide
where the- initial buifdiiig .operations are to. be begun.
The work of clearing the old streets has been carried on
with the. idea of opening .up the most important thor
oughfares first an.d on such as will retain their old lines'
the first, building will" b£ begun. *'*.!* Where new
streets, are' tq.be cut through the cityrnustf condemn the
land and this' will -take some little time. The land .for the
small parks also .must be secured, but it is- believed "that
ciric pride will. prevent the property owners from throw
ing obstacles. in the way.". ".-.*.'
Such rs the spirit with which- Americans meet disaster
and 'turn '.calamity itself into the service of progress and
improvement. . It* 'is," of course, not. to be expected that
all the great things planned for Baltimore will be carried
out- Tht?re-.are always- some opponents of progress in
every, community and, '.moreover', there are always per
sons who- will antagonize anything. which they. believe is
going. to benefit some one else; consequently, much that
l's.desir-ed in .Baltimore will have; to-be surrendered for a
time .at .least: ..Nevertheless, the tte.w' Baltimore is going
to be a .more b'.eau.tiful 'Baltimore and it may be" that in a
fewi years .the people.-'of -the city. -will be talking of the fire
as/av date; -from -which- .began- a -'-new era of progress' and
improvement: •.. ' ' -.¦..'. :'¦¦., " .-: '• • . '. .- .' ¦
THE ARBITRATION BILL.
' THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. MARCH 1,. 1904.
THE SAN FRA.NGISCQ -CALL
JOHN D.. SPRECKELS, Preprietor ....*..... . Address'. All Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office .' ; . <i^^^^>> ... i .....:.. .,..;. .Third and Market Streets, S. I?.
Tuesday.. ........ f .....^. ;.......... ;.....;..,..::•....;...,;•........ ;....:,.:..\. /march i. 1904
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast is richand
mellow. Java and Mocha , *
The cost of city, elecf He lights
rans<*5 from 2 to 3 cents an .h'oiir a
Arbitration Treaty Is Slgnnd.
" LONDON, Feb. 2S. — The arbitration
trV»a*ty between Great Britain and
Tpain, which* it wait announced Feb
ruary 20 was on the verge of conclud
ing, was- signed Saturday- \
CRMforniuns in 3fcw ¦ York. • . •
. NEW. YORK, Feb. 29.— .The follow^
ing Callfornians have arrived at the
hotels: ' . • . . .
" San^Francisco- — Mrs. Conger, at the
Girard; g. Greenbauni, at the' Nether
land; S. P.* Juda, at the Herald
Square; 11. J. "Jose and wife, at the
Marlborqugh; S. P. Morse; at the Ho
tel "York; G. A. Starkweather Jr., at
the Herald Square; A. A. .Attell and
J. Wensehler, at the Imperial. . . ..
Congratulates President.
•The Merchants' Exchange s'entthe
following telegram to .president
Roosevelt ye.sterday:
. The Merchants' Association of 'Han Fran
cisco desires to exprewt to you'ltB great pleas
ure at -your rfcent Hppointroent of . Mr. C. E.
Orunsky n» a "member of the Isthmian Canal
Commission and to assure you that thr high
qualities of Mr. Grunpky as an < engineer, a
business man and a 'gentleman cannot fail to
reflect credit upon the commission and upon
the nation. . , '. '
No- One Know.
Thousands arc asking when /the St".
Louis cheap rate (lcKets will "be "on sale.
No one knows! But'the Kani.'i Fe knosvs
trie ccst and will gladly tell you at 641
JVlarkel street, San Vranclsco. ' Moral—
The Santa Fe is the Popular \yay. .*. ,
Youth Receives Father's- Estate.
SAN JOSE." Feb. 29.— George W.
Rutherford,- sfter .fourteen years, has
come into possession of .the big--es
'tate left by : his father, whg was a
prominent capitalist here. The young
man is now of age'- and -finds himself
the owner of "the Rutherford block
and other,, property aggregating $70,
000 in value. . .
Fires at Two- PoUcemen.
William' J.. .Cameron, ;an old man,
wfcb' 'lives' in a shack at Point Lobos
and Thirtieth avenues, .was arrested
yesterday ' "morning by- Policemen
Walsh and Cleaver, and booked at the
City. Prison on a charge of assault. with
a deadly weapon. The officers allege
that Cameron was disturbing the -peace
of the neighborhood I early Sunday
morning and threatening to kill. J.
Marsden. They .were . sent' .to arrest
him and he hid -in the brush and -fired
two sh-ots at. them. Cameron was re
leased on $200 cash bail. He was ar
rested last December for disturbing
the peace, .butVas "allowed to go on
SAX .TOSE WILL PtiAXT
V .- ' • TREES OX ARBOR DAY
Xormal School Ground Will Be Bean
tifled and Roads .Will Be Lined
With .Pines.
• SAN JOSE, Feb. 29. — Arbor day will
be fittingly celebrated ' here on
Wednesday. ; " President Lyon of ° the
Highway rlmprovement Club" reports a
[great .deal o'f interest being taken in
tree planting about the 'county and
especially of " communities that will
beautify the roads. ' Last year, miles
and' miles 'of 'roads were planted with
shade- trees. This year the vacant
L places will be filled" In and more trees
planted.- In a few years every fmile
of road in Santa Clara County will be
j lined with trees. Palm trees are to be
'planted . around the ' State Normal
Schpel grounds by the City Council.
These grounds .are situated right in
the heart, of r the city and contain
twenty-eight : .acreB and th'e palms will
make" this' one of the most attractive
spots in the city. Many citizens -have
also agreed- to plant palms and or
anges' and" ot,her. semi-tropical trees.
A corisiK.nraerit " of 250' Monterey
pines -from the Pacific Improvement
'Comprtny at Monterey has been re
ceived for .planting along the roads,
jjear this city.' ;'The club has also re
ceived'a consignment of 100 palms.
PERSOXAIj.
Dr/Bie'n Reynolds 6f Santa' Barbara
Is at .the. Palace..- " . • .. .
• State Senator Thomas '. Flint Jr: ar
rived .at the Palace- yesterday.
W..A. Clark' Jr., son of United States
Senator Clark, is at the Palace. ..
.W. R.- Thorsen, a wealthy lurnfeer
man of Wisconsin; is at the Palace. "..
Edward Chambers, '.general freight
agent of. the Santa Fe Railroad, ar
rived from Los Angeles- last evening
and is registered at th.e Palace. . .
Harry W. Goode, presiderlt and gen
eral manager of , the Portland General
Electric Company and general man
ager of the , L'ewts and Clark Exposi
tion, arrived from the -north yesterday
and is staying, at the Palace.'
'¦ F. -A." Hyde of. New. York, president
of the Equitable Life Insurance Com
pany -and' a df rector of the Southern
Pacific Company, arriverl here* yester
day with his secretary, C. F. Williams,
and is the guest of Mr. a'nd Mrs. Peter
Martin. • - - '*• . .
pTank: J.- Hume, the newly, erected
president of the Colorado Goal a'nd. Fuel
Comp.any, -accompanied by- the mem
bers of his family and' his physician,
Dr. R. \V. Corwin, arrived from Denver
yesterday -and is staying at the'Pa4ace.
Mn-Hurne has come to the coast for
hishpalth.- • \ •• . -. ¦
Richard H.- Rogers, aprominent man
ufacturer of Springfield, Qh!o, who is
'associated wit'h 'Assistant Secretary of
the United States Treasury Francis P.
.Loomis in the Horseshoe Bend Ranchp
mining property In this State, is at the.
Grand, having come West to look over
his holdrngs". . • " .
1 *-ri>*)mMS.:'lirt-at-. Jail.
% '.V^^^^^^i^^^^At I YvoViirk
'.ilp^hfiiuw^jai/^otC^-wfei*
'•'-¦• V ;/y wri"ri ifsg: :;i'rXa1 ; '.in --^%s"" •' Superior
ty u tt for. p-u rglarjv.- an d .Ad o\ ph .-Wfe ••? r
ht> :a-. : sent.erfte' oi six
'iy!>-¦?iii>V;^^.for* petty- larceny-, :-broke: joiil
h t ; Fainfi.f''!?i r : ..- >1 *" rgoi t ' sa \x? d ; 1 h-r O u g.K
thpv/bars-.o'f; his. ' oeH-=jtitd : <he { two mefi,
¦«-«/ajip.d;.;tr; --{tie" dirXn??? -and .have -not
well rr s<; *J a: 'i>- t 'fr?'3-- ' : '¦; "• ." • : . • ¦.¦:..' ' ¦ : ¦ ' ' ;¦ ' " :
Smuggled "Cigars J»elzett
'. ' Custom's \ ' Inspector ;" Joseph . : Head
sei.ssejd .MOO "smuggle*!. Manila.-- .cigar*
yesterday that. he found, cbncea.l/'d. on
itTi^.'-steamshlp' -Doric. •: ;. .'. ;. : ' ". ¦'< " -'
•To- .'ft old. Runiiiiaso" -Saie.^
' ...T.JieVliaaies' 'AttxHiary of .the .Broth-"
jerhopd. ;pt- L6comoyve:. Engineers" wlji
,hbrd ja-r(immage sale at.-515-.-.Secend
street; .b'eglrnilng Thuraday'rhorriing-at
•i-.o-"o # i-i6ck..' -:"..-• . ..- -'/ :'",. ¦' •".."-'•-".;"••.
... : LKA I>I XI IX 5OCI h7T V
v^i^ ; JJict • \M c : \\iille \ »e^
"Ditegrace-
LITTLE K.OCTC. Ark-, Ffb. ??. — jirs-.
•¦'.'j ii'Sr leia ji er J n ; ili1s : Vit j% : .cQinrn rtXeil f»u t-^i
: -:•:'•.- i.o-day- at . the-Cotitity "Hospilal by
;': :>?; *?; rj.S-.:J .."; ifer* ; iruslja rid-; -i& ¦ fyti^ ¦ ; -_-; \ I jti e
; ;,"k--' ; i |<a>i ti^iit: 6f '[-iiifi- : Xat.i frnal /Ban fc- <rf
I 'ii: -s;-.- >;iiy-; : aiVtf .: yra.?< "¦ f enienced ". ;tb :.; jfiy.ip .
; ti^ .'pen;t»>H'tla.rS',fcr-w.rec-ku>a
:. V.'i ; 1 1 '¦ i > : s-ii itxi fi o 1 i '.; .;.,' 'iTlie.; disgrace ; a'tten <!•;.
; : .:p ..i^r/iVusbi»hd;s.: doi'w'rifctJJl . serit -Mfs.
.'-•¦¦¦'•.'¦-¦¦ '. : '; :''..-'': ".-;'
S.alt^ for ?26.0d
• • " -. ." -.- • . Tills -Weet;.. ; ". " ...-
• All .this .week- ' at" '.the- -PATTOSlE^'S.
"the '•'e'nt.lre' line" ..of ' $40.00-"'Bedroorn.'.Se.ts-.
•Will 'be -.closed Oyt -for -J26.00 at-PATTO
,StEN"OOMPA?CY.. "corner .Sixteenth. And
' streets. •• . : .•.'..¦.•• .v-- •-• '¦¦.
Will Bless -Xcw Church Bell.
".. The. ceremony of blessln-g the new
60067 pound, bell which Is the -latest
acquisition-- • of the Sacred * Heart
Church; will be performed by the Most
Rev. Arch"blsHo"p" Montgomery to-mpr
row everilng-jat 1:30 o'clock. # The bell
;*cas recently. presented to- the church,
by >lrs. Maa-garet Hartigan.; Thel -ser
vices wiil.be concluded by selernn ben
esdictlon. .- .. .-. - .. .'¦.*.-.'"..•;..
Famous Pianist to Give Recital To-
XlglU at- Lyric nail.
Harold Bauer, the) greatest pianist be
fore the public. M'lll T>e heard- to-night
for the firat time In San Francisco 'at
Lyric Hall. A splendid programme will
be presented and an immense au
dlenee is assured. Mr, Bauer's other
concerts will take place Thursday night
end Saturday 'afternoon. . • 'j~.fi
SAN RAFAEL, • Febi 29.— Austin
Hooper a«d Chris Carson, the two high
waymen, this afternoon pleaded guilty
to robbery and" were each sentenced to
serve .life - imprisonment In the State
prison at Folsom. The men were
brought up In the Marin County Supe
rior Court for arraignment at 2 o'clock.
Both assumed a ' nonchalant air and
were not visibly affedted by the sen
tence they received from Judge Len
npn. They were represented by attor
neys, and no plea was made by them
for - leniency. The prisoners made
speeches and asked for mercy. Judge
Lennon In response only asserted that
he did; not Care to make their punish
ment more severe by a lecture, there
fore he would give them the extreme
penalty which was In his power, life
Imprisonment at hard labor. Hooper's
relatives, who live In Petaluma and are
very wealthy, were not In court to-day.
The two men .will be taken to Folsom
oi\ Wednesday. ¦.
An ordinance was- presented to the
Board of Supervisors yesterday by Su
pervisor Braunhart which describes a
proposal to. the qualified electors to
amend the charter giving the Board'of
Supervisors power to fix the limits in
whic.h quarrying or rock-crushing shall
be permitted or prohibited under such
rules and regulations as the board" may
prescribe. The proposed ordinance,
wliich was referred to the charter
amendment committee, provides that Jt
shall be unlawful to conduct any quar
ry within .those portions of the city
and. county bounded as follows:
. By Van Ness avenue, B4y street. BrcKjericls
street, Halght street, Scott street. Tbirteentfi
street, Castro street. Seventeenth street, Doug
lass street, Itomain street, Corbett avenue,
coln avenue, Thirtieth street. Fowler avenue,
Sussex" street. ' Hamburg street. Flood avenue,
westerly boundary of blocks 2 and X of Sun
nytiide, northerly' and easterly boundary of
House of Refuge lot. Havelock street, San Jose
avenue, Army street, York street. ! Twenty
fifth street, Potrero avenue", Brannan street
aid the waters • of thfi bay from Brannau
street to Green 'street. . . : -.-.".:_
• The. ordinance provides further that
It shall "be unlawjtul to conduct any
rock-crushing within that portion", of
trie city and county bounded as fol
lows: , . 'i'V^'i ': •
' By . East ' "street,. Green street, Calhoun
street, Union street, Sansome street, Green
wich street, Lombard street, . , \Tlnthrop
street. ¦ Chestnut street, Kearny stceet.
East street.. Jefffrson street. Van N*-»* ave
nue; Bay f>.treet. Brbderlck street,' Haig-ht street, '
Scott' street. "Thirteenth street! Castro streef.-
Sefentt-enth street. Douglass street. Ilorhain
sti'eel, ' Corbetf avenue,- Lincoln av».iue, Tlflr
tleth street, .Fowler avenue, . Sussex street;.
Muiub'urK' street. Flood avenue, westerly boun
dary of blocks 2. and 1 of Sunnyslde. -northerly
."and easterly. boundary of House of Refuse lot,
Havelock street. -Sari" Jose avenue. Army street,
Y.orK street, Tw6nt>'-rlfth street,. Potrero ave
niie, '• Brannan street, qnd the Waters of ihe
"b'a-y from'Branriah street' to Green street.
The ' Veto -of. the" thfee ordi
nances extending the' Umits.. within
which" "it 4s unlawful' to. carry "o,n rock
cru'sjjlng-'arid"- blasting' operations anfd.
.requiring" a -permii- and .bond'.to.crush
rock-outside.of. the prfihibited. .district
w'ere'p.fdered.Jo be printed- fcrr..,6ne" "day
•and.'- referred -.to*..' the" ".' CQmjn.Utee'" on"
Streets, for a.-report'.' . -:. : -. •'. * .'. '.'¦>'¦' -.
• •"Ths Board Jof PubH'c.-.WorkS jvas Jell-.
rec.ted to rep.o.rt'as to^Chetlier'.'any'per
"soii.'assoclatipn-or" corporation -Is* gra'd«
irig- Thirteenth- street',, b.etween- Diamond
and" Noe : streets.-Lti, viola'tipn' o'f .chapter/
1; /aVticl^. VI,' of the : charter,; .arjd.Jf rse
to', rake "imrhediate, sleps'.to 'prohibit! the
¦sanae." .'•.-' "['" •: .••¦.•'•.".¦¦¦•'¦•.•'•'••"•¦¦'•." ".•"
."•The. OT<li"h"ance i .:prav"idin"g.'fo"r "the
tailing pf ;a- poH'ce" officer' to .theaters %A\<£
" ot her., plaee^ ot-.amqse' rneri.t-arfd; Bss'efrt
bfage Va'a f^w<e4*ttf!tliiiFI^ ; C^p^ty
.teei'The.oc'dtriance-./requires- the; pollee
ofllcer^so (Ieiair»d- to.reniain in= coiistant
vatteridaijc.e "d"urir»g the" perTprmance'a.nd.
.en'force"- : aIV taivs- relating tu'the con'trp'l.
: "of- theaters. arid.hallq. - -.-"'. ; •.-". ¦": r - • '-.'
. The' ordinance submitted. Uy- Ghief. of
. V"pVi.ce '"SYiUman; pfohibftin'g' theholdirrg
of 'meetings'^ri;: p'iibli.c. itl-etfts. \Vit"hin -a
:Sjllvatlon 'Army aghinst thfi'sajn?".- V;'ere
referred';." to -.'.thtt ! . ¦jolnt.'.Ctfrnyri.ittee' on
'Streets', antl- Juditi.a'ry-- 'Chief /Wit.tmari
States that; the". "Qraipa'nce will. n6.t-pre
-vejit "the.'-.SalVatlo'iV'A'fniy : frprn' holding
Its' seryiceg :on. the'.stce.ets.- Trie p rphlb- :
ited, diBtrict for' meetings follows-.
..". Commencing- at the..iritertec.tion of the.^oiith
'-'easterly line of. Market street wltrr-the.soiUhr
.•«£sterly :H.ne of Ninth' Btr-eet; runntnK lh.ence
'a Ions .'the' said, line -of .Nint;h .street, to the
northwesterly U.nfe of Mission street-: theni-^
alopg sald-.ltrip Of Mlssion o strert to'the north
easterly line of Second "street; thence, alons
iald line of -St-cond street to Market street;
tK^nce'-in the- same direction • to." the" north
westerly -line o'f- Market strefet;lhen<e along
eatd line of Market street to the easterly line
of Montgomery.' street: - thence- alonfe safd line
of Montjtojner'y street- to -the north line of* Bush
street- thence alensr said line of Bush street
to'the east line "of Stwktoh street ;.jihence dl>ng
•said 'lino of* Stockton p.treet to the south. line
of Geary, street; thence alone said :in<$ of
Geary street to'the west'llne of Powell street;
thence alone said line ot Powell street to the
riorxh line of pills street; thence alonst said
line of Ellis street to 'the west line of. Mason
street; the"nire alone said line -of- Mason str«t'.
to the north line of- Kddy street; thence,
line of- Eddy stree* to the west lino of
¦Taylor street; thence along said line of Taylor
street to the north line of- Turk street; thence
•Ulcrijf said line of Turk street io the west line
Af Jones' street; thence alone said lrne of Jones
street to McAllfstcr street;- thence In. the same
direction to the northwesterly line of Market
street: thence .ilorip satd line oi . Market, street
.to the east line of T^arkln street, and th.ence
-to the. .point of commencement. .. .
The Prisoners Make Speeches
and Pray for Mercy, but
tho Court Is Inflexible
Chief . of Police Wittman
. >Submits Ordinance Limit
in 5: Area . for • Meetings
Judge Sloss of the" Superior Court
: ria»s granted the" injunction that was
asked. for. by Wetmore-.Hros. to restrain
the! -Board "0t- •'•St'ate Harbor CQnimiSr
sio.ners" from interfering ; with 'their'
•buTsi'nesj?;' uivderV the -Woodward Iaw7
which, was'eijacte.d* by "the- State "Legis
ia'tui'e to. prevent digcfrimi'nafion.in Uie
•buying =and seUing-'of perishable pro
ducts on the State's wharves- or other"
• "property in- Sin Francisco.
¦ The. Harbor Go'mmisyioners, .after ii
liea.ring, took "away- from'' Wet'm'ore
Bros, their perrjiission" to do business"
-on the wharyes. ' .The' board also took
away" the permits that had been is
sued to- Scatena:.& Co., Wolf & Sons,
Itfc.Dpnough' & Runyon «ind five other
firms. 'Suits .in injunction were then
.brought against' the Harbor Commis
sioners, in which the four firms. that
are named in the foregoing were con- :
¦cerhed. It was" agreed- by counsel, as
the facts were the same in all cases,
that but- ope should be tried— that of
Wetirlore. Bros, "-against the board.
'. Judg» Sloss decided that "the pro
ceedings before- the Board of Haf bor
Commissioners on December 3, 1903,
were ineffectual to take, away the
rights of theplaintifC under the permit
held by it."
.This means that for the present at
least' all .the firms who have been de
.pxivod 6f. permits to sell perishable
products, .on the State's wharves in this
city will continue to- do business. What
action wijl be" taken 'by the Board of
State -Harbor' Commissioners, remains
tobe-seeh. • Judge. Sloss in his decision
did not deal with the question of the
pow'er of. the Harbor Commissioners to
interfere with sales-. of perishable pro
ducts that take "place, off. .the property
of the State; The decision was .based
entirely; upon the defective nature, of
the proceedings conducted by the Har
bor.. •Commissioners' as a preliminary
to, taking- awuy the permits" from the
wholesale- houses that- deal in "perish
able products. I The notice ¦ that "was
given preliminary to-'the hearing, was
found by Judge slo.ss not to be legal".
The-.-ciealfrs, he said, were entitled to. a
ppecifiq, notice' relating to.fionie- parv
,tlcular pffense;: but- none was given.
TO l'lKTJIi:u COXSIDKH.
; ; " Copies -ot the decision by. Judge- SJoss
Jiad. not. .been received by the Harbor,
.Po : rhmis}«ioners' or'; by . their # attorneys
l^st'-.e.ve'jiingi . . W. H..' Davis said that,
any/opinion con
.cerning. the futu"re "course . t.o be p.ur
sued, .not" -haviog read'the decision.- v A
tnse.ting of ; the -Harbor Commission:
ers'^vill- take, pjate . to-morrow and
probably." the- Woodward" *Ja\v ' and .the
.iniynctidit • granted under ."-'it in.' the
F^fcii t "- jproc-i-ed i rigs * vr-W b'e- a ' 1 fye ¦ sub
iec-.t ; .fo'r.- : ."dlscas.sion. " " The-' \yhojesale
deAlers"." In '".perishable products '¦ -were
liotihed ' tiy thnip aitorneys- .yeyft.erd'ay;
•afteniiion- of the decision. -that- -Judge
Sloss 'JiajT hand»>.d down; ..--."•• .•¦-... " . '.'¦'
• ." T-he-de.elaloh opens \vith.a reVItal" bf
the "general "rtrovision's-'of c't.he \\'«odf
wjifd'- :ia"\v;, stating:. ."..- .. ••':..¦• '-.: ' ;.
••'Xhe. act -of -Ihe l^K^liitiu-e. oT,-tti«v Si-tftv' pt
•"lillfttrnia,-. appro-red Starch, .2... 1»(X<.. l-ominunly'
'feiu'iwn' as the' VV'ootl'ward vet, provUlM '-'.)liut it
i-liall b>- 'unlawful fO| any penon to'.sell .upon
\h<- .public, wharves '«r Otter Vropihj- belong
-ir.jif'l<.t.thl» Sta*,^ ln.tbe'^ity and.j-oumy of- Sail
-Fr»oct*co 'Jtna . wtthin -'Um jurl'sdlctlun of 'the
.Hoanjr "of: State -Jlarboi"" -CoKimls.-»lcii«rrf .aoy
•- • ».'¦ ftw'1»liWhl« prii'iuclfi; .unttfsi Such, person.
• .• :*•• shall rfoid lUuj permit -'" ••-¦• autlioHz
inK'duch .sales" to" V« made.". The -act .further
.provides, that, upon- .application-.-^! "Siny |»ersoif #
ihe'U'oa.rrt of. Stale- ilarbor I'oiriltiimhjnera shall
i.'sue to.the apiMli.a.nt a -permit auth.orizi'ng.hlm.
tij.s;ell-'«u<:h. per':«ha'ble products .When •delivfreil"
on. .'the'-'wharvf-s 'o.r'-StaU'^Wptfrty during • the
iitbg su"c>i"r«i1}^itit>la : "pnKluit» are pi-rnlitled to
M'marn there, pfoytd«d the- au'|Jlicaht.sl>aII have
signed an .aiiplicactioii In . Which- be", agrfcen "tu
/althfulJy- observe ¦•al!' thp ngnUttau whl*li
are cr may b^.pre.8,i-rlbe«l'iiy .the. Board of Statjv
Harbor. CommlssionTH in regard -to 'surh'- sales,
and. in particular; that he'" will' not during the'
.life .of-puch. permit be -a party to\ anj- t con-'
splracy', agreenfent.'or.underisianding' whereby
he shall refuse to-'seJl to any *nlyent purcfiafer
or-buy from any. person whatever; and that he
'will sell; Impartially and. at the- same price to
"all- wlior.desire to purchase for cash without re-
K.iFd to their "business or intended dipposltion
.of -the product; and will exercise, rlo .discrimi
nation whatever between buyers or sellers- by.
reason of their ftccupatlon, aftiliatlon or n'on
¦aftiliation."" '.•..-'• • " '
HISTORY OF CASE.
• Judge Sloss, quoting further from
the law, saVs'that- in case; pf .violation
of the terms of a permit ; the holdeV
of such permit. would under the. law
forfeit the same "tipon a hearing" after
.due. notice to all parties concerned,"
The decision "deals principaHy withthe
question' whether" notice was given to
sdtisfy.- the legal requirements.'. .A re r
eital of ' the facts relative to the pro
ceedings before the Harbor Commis
sioners is the.n made as fojlows: :<¦*"£'!:-¦•
Pursuant to' the provisions- of this act, the
• plaintiff, on" the Sth 'day of Maty, 11)03, applied
for and received a permit. On Decerrtber 4,
1003, the ILar'bqr Commissioners made an order
revoking and canctling the permit. "In tho
present action tl)<i plaintiff seek* an injunction
to restrain th?" defendant from interfering with
his sales and. bases his application upon the.
contention that the* plaintiff has never had the
notice or the hearing provided' for In this act,
and that .therefore the .attempted revocation
waa Illegal and void. ' ' . • /'¦
It appears that on November 27, 1003,' tho.
defendant, caused to be served upon tho plain
tiff a notice directing- it to appear before- the
board on ThurFflay, 'December 3, at a stated
hour' and place fnr the purpose of investigat
ing the .alli-sett violation of the Woodward law.
On Nfvember.3ii and again on December 3 the
.plaintiff- In writing requested that the com
plainant should file specific charges pf the vlo
•la.tlon ccnfplalned ci, giving time, place and
circumstances.' and "that we shouVd be given
a copy of such charges, which we will b,e glail
to answer on twenty-four hours' notice." \
On- LK-cerribef u "the board proceeded, without
any other or further or more specific charge or
notice, to hear the, statements of the plaintiff
and others, and, after, hearing eald statement,
passed a resolution revoking tho plaintiff'* per:
init. • ••** >''.-.- ¦ ¦
rOWEltS OF BOARD.
|» Judge Sloss next consider^ whether
the board had the power to order .the
revocation of .the permit to "Wefcmore
Bros. Gn this- point he says in sub
stance: . ". • . .
The purpose of the- notice and hearing pro
vided for in '.the. act is to enable the- bolder
of a permit, whp is charged with a violation
of ..the agreement pursuant to which he holds
It, to appear before, the • board, and" " defend
against jhe charge of -such violation 1 .- It Is
clear, further; ihat before one -aecuBed of.'vio
lation, of law can defend' against euch charge
"the.re must' be an accusation, or some ' specific
offfenFe, and 'he mutit have nptice- "of -what he
is char«i"d with.. . • . ..
Tlie j;rlnclpl.e/that there must .-6e ; citation
before. -hearing, "and. -hearing. or opportunity. 'yt
being- heard' before -Judgment, is «fs<>ritf«l "to
the yocurlty. : -«f "all. •private. riKjit8: The notice
ht-re relied on mer(4y. calls' upon the -plaintift
•to appear before "the' bbard for: Ihe. purpose
'¦of investigating, thfe .alleged- violation. Waiv
ing, the iiijf.-.t '.that H i». not 'feven. stated that
such "violai-lor! hUw been .•committed b"y the
plaintiff,-, there, is. abso"rdtel>p". nothing" to Indi
cate to the -"party J Hunimqnei) what particular,
.violation- of the- law. Ke' Is accused of. . .'. .
JlKJl.lT !^ ;VALVABLE:
• The 'cause ."for which, unddr 'the- law, •"•t'he
permit may. be "revoked, Is 'a. vfolritlon of the
agreement provided j'or In thli-at't. . 'This
agreement containif'^i nurnbsr of. stipulations^-'
•ahy one' "of them' may be violated, in a hum-,
bcr of. ways-- Ce'rtainly- a Tarty .whp Is c'lalthed
ta" have .violated. 'one or,"n1ore of these'.stigula
tfons. In .-pne'-'or; more 3>a_rtlfcular» cannof ' -Be
said to^'havel "due" n'oi-lce"'. when the.' only -1-n- '
'formation.- giWn. h|n> 1^5 th?\t '.he -Is ch8r»ed
wl^h "¦a .vhjlatlon .of- .the provisions of- the .law"
repijlatlnis the sa'lej".of c perlshable pcoducts." , v .
1 ft Is conceded' by.' learned counsel -"for the
defendant that." -.the term, "notice'" "and "hear
'Inn*' Impiy.'.th'a.t the accufw'd. shiill have oppor
tunity to -appear '."b«;fore 0 lhe "boar J and 'defend
the charg«'s-'.mafle". •-. It. is jirgetl, however, -"thaf",
inasmuch., as;, the act does nof-"r>i»oy1d» (or -any
specific -.f/irm o't nbtlce' wr/for.any pairdcnUr
kjnVl 'of. hfcring. -tfip form tt . notice and' '¦ the
nature />f the hejiri-ng are-'ln- 'the' Ulscretioti" xrf
the-toaj-d." ~. •-.;.•"..' . ' •" ..'¦•.'. •'.¦'¦'. ''-'.^
VniluerAiooably the lirpeS'eilfng'rontem'nlaiMl
.lh thts act 'is' ntH. .-required;- to .be .'condaqh^il
with tht>. rurtnaMC'y..and strfctjiess- of !pr<yecTure
obBcrvVil In a!. trial -in a vuur't' of .'taw*. Th# no
tice" pr.or\-idrd .fur In;. tire act- need". hot-, cpntaih ;
* t li*» '.iWiuirrmeniir of ait indl-c.tm.ejVt ln"-a
crhYiiiia'l jiriH'eed'lnk-.-'-npf 'neefl .'the -hearing .be.
oonduejetl. in. 'accordance -with Die-.' r.ule»'-Qf
vvldeiic'e' gi.Ae'rjiInE 'coivts-.'of. Jubtlce. . 'I!at "the*
noticW aild iieu/liig 'provided 'ffif-ln'.Jhe!: apt are
a "substantial/ riicht'. guarKriteed to . ttievpettnU
holileV "by "the ."law." ' However Informally ."'t.hii.
vifarVe- rhay l>e tn^de,. a. notice Mf stttn* wpeclfl*;.
Al.'ilatloji .'{/. : ."tli« ui(rWi°iiiVi|£ '. and » Invvs'tlK-atipn
of th'e' fat'ts n"«-I:i-t i tu? .ti> such'.spe.jlflc" t4iarge««,.
"arc inVolVed.'.'ln -the °.''n.otleK'apd.'
hear'i:tgi" '. :. ¦' '• .'•:•'• * *;"i '-• ¦"-'';'
¦¦"'The- rlKhf-'krartte'd. to-. +»frmit •¦holders •.'bj'; thft-
Woodward"' la>-').a--a..ya.luaf>l« one.'-'If- lV.
ffd.fy ' urue-'that- 'tnlV privilege is oa^. wiiit-li"
tliV* KtMi- '.«nav"Rrailt. v r withhold, iff Its .dta
rretion." "antl -ihat "the Stare might have" •mad«"
the pri'vllt'ke rcyscabla Ut .the 1l«cretlori-"of fh"e
Hoard «-/f. "State 'ilurbor' .ConirnlssiofteFs; .Uut If
ha*'not" Keen.- fit .~U» •/!«» "»iV .'The l.t'KUlattix?" h'aH
provided that "tlie-flKht ' shall .-tfpt be r>.voki*il
except iipoh' «hi.i>" rrotJc^ and:"atter- a. liearinij,
anj has. thereby- i-oit/ep-ed * upon -th«*'..p'er^nlt
holder -the' safeguard? • "whioh • a'<-« ifecejssarily.
implied in" the -term "hearlnu. 1 ' '".¦,"• "•.'.¦•':•¦"•
I flo 'poc-.thihk .-that .th^ .fact' thart- the* plain-,
tiff "ajiueared. at -the lime and' place "net.-wtia
a wa,l\er xl' Bp'eeifl'c chaFKe^I It; Is "sought b.v
the -defendants' tn draw an- analogy between
thi.s liotH-fi and the. hihiiku'iis In .a. civil sivtiuhi.
ami- to- apply-' the r.ule that -a" .voluntary; ap
pearance In "court .by defendant '.without' proper."
eetvlc* o'f a summons". Is a "waiver- of .any-'de-i
<ectn In 'the service. But -the notice provided'
for In this "act is more thin a : summons." -It
•is "at once -a' summons, with a complaint; and
while the appearance of th» pemo.n cited miklu
a'nd probably would be a waiver of any
in the notice refcardlng the time a'nd \ place
of -the hearing 1 , It cannot dispense "with the
Teo.uiremerit pf a charge upqn which the. hear
ing is" to oroceed."
I conclude, .therefore, that the proceedings
before the Board • of Harbor Commissioners en.
r>ecember 3 were Ineffectual to take away the
rights of the plaintiff under the permit. -
MEX SEE3I INDIFFERENT
TO EESTEICT CROWDS
Hooper- and Carson Plead
Guilty at San Rafael o and
Are Given the Limit Terni
Supervisors Want Electors
to Give Them the Power to
• ilestrict Itock - Quarrying
AIM TO AMEND
CITY'S CHARTER
LIFE SENTENCE
FOR FOOTPADS
SAYS SELFISH
SPIRIT RULES
: :^%> if>E*r-b; ;Pjch-> ji5A-^u;;a;:Eene : i ; ai'
¦li;i.e.t?ii?i^; flus-'-cyeiiilic: 'axe ; cpmmiUees
"iUe; ;.big.:. jrfigaiion
.;%;c."i-r^"e;.;t6 "^be.V li'frid- i.at." 'iKis'-^iace-' .bri.
'¦-'.;V'i ; .r.!l'-X?/-iijV <i ;" '2-5:."jhad« 'a-vejiorl ! ;show
>;-.rVS'.; Kr?^ ; t pfoflcreo^n the' .wdrjk> ". • The '
: V-;.>v, r Ujipii ;\i-iii -EjgniiUze i\\e
v;^Ui. : ;6paer'- the Wright law'b^ihe. Tuir 1 -.
'k VAnd . Madestb' ¦.irrix^tioa. yystern^,
-.;\v.hVch .^-embrace . 2€0 f -0OQ acres, •; Five.
;-;;ji.T>utarid' ; -dollars' has. :b«>e'h raised by
¦I'lif*. tm'ain-ce • committees.: for \ the celer
:^riruo^;> '.Mb'd'esio-wiil !be in^aja'jitr
.lire" on th<> jubilee' days a.nd bi\ the 23d
.AJov.eru-or Patdee.- an?i. other . notables .
;\v ill .be. present. -There will be' a. grand.
i'L a r becii e I n' l h e ct ty " ltni i ts.. • ¦ Elec tri c'- -
.i.rj-.'ciil.play.a i>rorninejit part "in tlie
•'•jK-ora'tion . 6f- "twelve- .blbckis. -Theie
*W."bVV^c^'t^teiOpk»-.and speaking.
". -. -The .comrnittee. in traiisiLortatibn re
;,^cjrts,inat.-theraihyays win praht" half
: X-.iies-fr6m. Los- Aiigeles .and tiedding
V.i-i<i'near'*by jip.in.tfv; . Excursions- ffbm
: ";Si'n-"/^rajnrls!cb:.:and- Sacramentov # via
.'Skickton, •will be jjun: .'Therp'-will-tJe'
Xr^:fekc4rBlou '. trains . from -Modesto'
SpVfiS yhe.' Irrigratioii districts, -. covering
¦¦^^my.^ana^.'.'-Trie ite^hJun^Xeoa^".
:.;s>Jiiop'"pf :^an ."Fraiiciseo -willattend-.on
¦:; t. : :?rKJ : cial : - train and .ah ; effoVt is, b^irrg
:«j^;iie;Jto ; Iiave,.<h0 ' Caliifornia' iProhib
ii^nCbinmittee'join.' .'Invitations "'-liave;'
,r.e^n.\*ent -out tcf ;tii& San. JPraricilsco .and
l^rjUf^ftiier ' .eomrnefcial s bodies 7 irk ' {tie
.^la^fe. vtov: tuteard.-.. •¦CjorCvieya-n^es- iyi.fl}
; ; , ; ih e 5^a ri.ta' -Fe . tra i h?/ a t- Cldustb n , :
;'•¦'.;¦;•¦¦.'•• : .;^iieVAfa^t-i.c^.-^odei^:Jv^*4hl»
; M-L -zU . .is so Vf ar:a^.
¦¦;-¦ •;•..! I exhibited :-i;nt a ;jprpmi.nein -pla^e:
LVmt i.e-". hotel. arccrrnnfib^latApps : tirrtl :;b?'
;HXr^vi^ed."ip;r;;iie.';gu^!^t-^^l^k r -jJLibrietj
"xviJjT;^;: ;oi"- ifire^: : '..i>ehVflt Vtoyafl ;-iirteW :
v v^ ivU;{rh;Jrri^UcMi ;anii^iyilt^be^'bf : ;-vast.
, •:il<ni-r..t'e^ rhiikitig '.Juibu-ji :'lhe re'
.¦sou£c£s'Jpi^*-\-^ ;; ". ;
j-.o^ie of _ th'e . mJUtt- prb-mj-neii^ '•irrK
:'zlitpfs : of jth'e- "6taic : wiil tje.' Eie^ev a : aibng •
; :V\f ¦¦i:?-h.t; : lay; ;. -Teu :' ttious:j:ria^.'yi¥ii<>fe
¦;¦¦.-!.!•.*¦• fXfrt?Ct*d.:-.-- ¦-.-..-; ¦.•-¦: -.:•¦ ¦ •¦."•":.-
Wix>u ?;au ds ,v\V il i liispec p the
fi|i$xs I /Ater^ivTOiiATfi
MODESTO WILL
HOLD JUBILEE
0tfzeri< :<if fcfcmi*:laus Will
.;Coninlefi{«i of
S^'fe^rimiratiuii'..-. Systems
»•*.. • >- ?
Itev. Voslh'irgli Addresses As
,.seinbledTiistoi's oil "Tweu-
tieth ; Century Iteligioir
H1GHT.0F FREE SPEECH
51 1 u i st ei*s X)ppose : Aii^' "Infer-
;Tlre •secoiid..'fifth-Slonday"'""meetins
tit the minister's of l'rancisco 'was
held ypsferdiiy ntofnlng in' the.'audlto"-»
Hiirri of tbv Yb'u.ng.!Men*s Christian As-,
s-ocfatlph, tiie.Jiev': L. J. Sawyer, pasto.t'
of the IIamiltcn>Fcjuare Baptist. Church','
¦presiding. vA.il- the evanffellcal churches
of the city, v.ero lepreseoied/
• The' session opened with two-rrjiriute
reports' from the denominations, E>r. .W:
•at White of the Christian* church, the
Rev. William Rader ot the Congrega
tidnal church. Dr. II. B.' Heacoclt of
the Methodist Episcopal church, the
Rev. Jri. N. Bevier of the Presbyterian
ciiurch. and" the Rev. H. A. 'FisH of .the
Baptist .church making reports' of the
great.;growth- of their • respective con
gregations arrd. the general ¦conditione,.
which in each instance, were shown. -to"
be of a iloiirishing nature. ' ....
. The Rey.. K. J: Vcsburgh of the First
.Baptist. rChurch,.. ¦ Oakland, spoke'" on
vT'wentieth/Ctfhtury Rellsiorc"and:sald
in part:, ' •'•'.¦ ••• .. ¦' . . * • :".- •
. ". We alt .Will admit -there'. i«. only one" -true
religion^. The "Jews read Je.sus Ctirisl." with a
v«^ii. -before their faces ind «'.ri<-e--thej» .riianv
, have.'tead him in the fa'ime way. . The in^er/
prfct<ni«>ns of truth must "agree. A yarla'ti^n of
tts^ -application- may toe -logiUtriate;.. ' ••".¦•
•- J ijo not thiak "the reunion of : .'t-hn? twentieth
ejpntuj-y.v.'lU be entirely a religion- of love. .Th?
rehigicn of ..love -commences at. the cr.o»*. • It
.is.'. & a';Jt»Jfctlv« -pr-incrp'!** .and U-"- I* .ther^f^r*
dangerous -to -take'love" apart fr'om rlghteous
c*is^.-." • ;' - '..'¦ .-• ¦¦-¦ .•" : .-. • ' - ; '. : -. • - :
. V SELl- N isilXES.S JX II^MAXITV. . .
• ' Th»>je • are; three or' fouf .furida-nientaf pr.i.n
•ciples-.tTiat beronte l'o-'th* r^llKion.of ttM'twen
•tVetn-.'-certtury. "•'•' -Finl i-t '"•will' be tolerant", <Vnd
¦¦mLr»''.;comi«ft-JK?pfitve. . ; N*otrt'lnR* leads we ¦ to
.think": that-, people^ are" 60 In 5. to. W-corhe-.pleu?"
¦j'ii--a:rrtirr} ;-"tRe. griy.of. s*Cfi/hnc.ss"i« en human
.try.' .'.The-.Tewient •"p.»-r}i><r- -i» 'ciitrracterireil -.by.
"<; iri]iny-|lii.rnrttii'''. '. '. "'" ¦ .."-¦¦.:;' • - : .
¦¦'.-•The.' feli&luTi- '..'o£..the\ cntuCy' mU?t be."in-'
ually' .'.fearieW. ¦ ¦•- Prutfetantlsm n/ust 'ru'>t ¦
¦l«»- : 3shrrnHine:.,t>etort;- any "imaKinui-y .'foes'.". In
¦jhe. : "he\Y '-fcrtn-". ot.-i-thlcil.-" ri?li^in. 'ne .rxed
xlsrpr; ; w* tiuVfi ,thv-o"ld 'l'-unum cM)sclence iu
..Hs'apKiication-to mEihuijs.' l.t'fs 'hard'. t» take
c --F«ifmoir.' .on :.the '.inokrit- : .andVai'j)!y.-. ii\ i>q.
.our.ilales.";. •...?;¦¦..'-.'. '".¦.. -..•" '*'¦.' ¦¦''¦.¦'¦
.-¦.'Ib'. j'res£nPe;o/..riew-ctm<Htipris rsprcsmtod by
; urnulatli>n-- of "••. »-ealif'..;-Sa;bbath '
¦.desWratiori* ."'anJ. "tabor r have- ' '.const-.
: .i"hree- or four. •m.oati'oUFts ."cuptrtil" tDe.'wealth
¦ a'nli .-.Irfenr' '¦urllon* -coiitfol ¦.*be4.wf* ; n . .three ' and ;
ffjur ¦¦million", inert.' ."ty a. jiffy l»et».een -iiiem.-.an<l
.wl-at -ah?-.' we rot .do? :'• "¦•••• .- J-';V-' r *-: '•'.', •
• .Jhe- W)ie)on,.Of; th;e. JTutur* "wllf "riot ".be \a
•rrew-viyacrrtis'tri." ' ' We ' ha ve'-sAen'Va .rriany-- i?ood"
-.things • lit. : the. *tlrnV : "^eliSriciriii. .ihai Jom'f' -l>e-v:
:iiev.e"-t'he -nelicilcji ,<>f .lhe;-«uXui* • wjlpfcs-'a'rotn;-.
.p^wlie:-oJC-.ipleinen'Jiu "deriveil.'ifrnln- '.C'lirif'tlanlty.
.•and.' 'Other.: fej-rtems... • fiiHJ" "Kranf.t.ne
-.good : i»lfment.s -'1n 'these • -.ref if lo>.»V "wh'af'lm
.pfe'*?es ¦ 4s ¦."-"cWleft>V ¦.ccnce'rrilnK.-; thepi Ms tjin t\
OiflUre j»rd'.-hot: '.their: suet-ess'.:-, j :".. " . '•".;•. "-. •/ ;
¦ •• Every.. -.virtue' "theV, Pti*s«»i«'-lf-i*eB. In- -jTI/rt*
~«a.Wty .Uv::V- : ¦ anil : -IV. 'is :codtr«tnr
•Ur'the- \c»e;: iirirjt.-.of <-hUtOfT -to-'..rfsk;- the " rp
¦liulcir '^hat'. 1i*« lt.tVin- .-;hBaJan-..pr-OKresii-- to
.'VuimixT-. rti^jr.."l3y' «i:Un<;e» "-wlttt -rjeji^lumi '.Uiaf
'iikv* .ijianKei't.ly; iti'lwl'/. - ••."'.- "-.. -:.. • ¦••¦•"
:-;chfiw"riirvity 0t.to;i»f) HMirt* ty .c^mnjciferifctd]
i>i ; '<!X'ajiK'*!istlc efTi>rt, - ;Not4ifriif.."i.><' lijor.e lirReflr'
ti^.prv^u^.-tneiaj^UfAU^^Oitt. '¦"¦ ¦.' . \-i
¦ ~-;>::;3fAkK HTUOX<^ FKOM'KS'IV'' • ¦
V^-h'e -. address .was' al/iy .-dUun^sse4
L>.r. : jr,-. C'/.Mekei'ye, tFie.He.v-. • .WiJIJarh
¦^pa#iv'-rt» HtV; • H;,-.X.;Bevier" and. -llie
¦lieyV i.: il-.-. iaicElhlhriey./- after •.whif'h.
o.yer «me- ;hu.hdrea;'of:'tlie .^m-itiisters ¦ a<l-.
to Mt^lown.to.aHuacheori.. • ' .'
: puVi-rig itiip'.iTif'etihg ..p'r.. i. f . v C:.IIarri3.
fticJC- the • tiour .and • • jaildressf-d ; a; few;
\vpr<ls.jn "defense. of-., the' Japanese -Jn
their : JCQnnict'.. with- Russia, and lien
r> ; - W;\i>ayis,-.the- new religious., 'in
struc-tflr at: the-' Yotrn^ Men's Chi-i?tjon
Association^ was; introduced. to the as?
semblnpeby Mr. McCoy. • : .' .". . .
: .-In .'the afternoon there; vai^iuo:Im~
portartt 'meeting-, of the Interdenoming
iional EvangoHstic' Unlpn : of SanFra.n
cistpi -which ' vva s' largely attended., j Dp.
J. ;C-- MfseVve presided. RepartV. of un
ion-" meetings during, the month .were
made:. atidthroilgh;tlie InUfaMVe of... the
Rev. James Wobdworth; who ventured
out for the "first time .since his recent
serious iltness, the .matter of the threat
ened suppression pf religious meetings
on the streets of the city came up, and
there was" but one opinion as to the
contemplated move toward passing an
ordinance relative to the matter.
Dr. John A. B: Wilson moved the fol
lowing resolution pn the- subject,
was carried, unanimously: ' i^
Whereas, We have learned of . a movement
before the JJoard. ol Supervisors to prevent
public speaking:. Including the preaching of .the
Eospel. in "the public streets of San Francisco;
ther«-for«. be it . '
Kesolved; That we. the ministers and mem
bers " of the Interdenominational .Evangelistic
Union o'f San Fra 1 *^ 800 - enter our moat .solemn
protest against th'.« movement forbidding .street
me^tlnz!. •
RefOlved, ' That a committee of .be-ap
pointed to present the position of this body
on the subject befo^ the Board of. Supervisor,.
WILL PRESENT PETITION.
The following .were -effosen a com
mittee to present the resolution to the
Board, of Supervisors: Rev. John .A. B:
Wilson, D. D.. ¦ Rev. C. C. Herriott,
Rev. Fred C. Keast, Rev. J. C. Meserve,-
D. D., Walter Duncan, Rev. W. S.' Mat
thew, D. D., and Rev. F.. W. Fischer.
The ReV. William Rader gpoke upon
the matter of liberty of speech In -the
city,- .\vhiclvhe favored, 'as dh3 also Dr.
5I«itth'eWi the Revv .James
the Rev. Frank S. .Ford, the R^y. Mr.
Hevicr and the Rev. Mr. Sitton. .
. Arransements.were made' yesterday
by the executive 'committee . erf . the
forthcoming missionary convention and.
meeting; of -Bisiiops of the Methodist
Episcopal church to iJtn<\ speakers to
Oregon andWashingt* to attend pre
liminary rallies. in- the interest of. the
convention. •• Rev. Dr. W.-.C. Evans and"
Rev. O. E. Hotl.e were appointed .for
this service." ; •
PJans were- m»de "to give -a recep-"
Jion to the Bishops at- IJoward -street
Methodist Church on. Monday,* 25.
Arrangements were made to hayc the
pulpiU? of all th<* Methodist churches
supplied by visiting Bishops on..Sun
day, May 1. ¦ • "¦•-."
The- Mission Evangelical Alliance and
Mission Federation of Churches. wlM
hold meeting's to-day, Beginning this
afternoon at the OceJh View Congrega
tional Church. -At 6 o'clock a banquet
ttiH bo served. " v .
JUDGE SLOSS DECIDES
AGAINST HARBOR BOARD
Holds that Proceedings Resulting in Revo
.. '• ' cation oi Permits to .Sell Pertshabie -"Prod-.
' • /¦ ucts'on the" Water FrontAre Insufficient
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. .TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1904.
9
XtAIR TSIiIiS ' CHARAdTEB.
Color of Hair Said tolndicate a Person's
• • Temperament.
". ¦ Many •• peopls believe that blonde, or
light hair denotes affection and dark hair
constancy. A person without hair is not
devoid of character: far from it. The
disppsition .of the " average bald-headed
man is to show such solicitude for the
welfare of others that he negrlects him-
self. A germcauses baldness. . Prof. Sa-
bouraud of Paris, France. , Inoculated a
rabbit with dandruff germs, causing it to
become totally bald in^flve. weeks-' time.
To rid the scalp of these dangerous
perms it is necessary to apply Newbro's
Herpicide.
"Destroy the; cause— you remove tha
effect." .-
- Sold by leading druggists. S^nd 10c in
stamps for sample to Tbe Herpicide Co..
Detroit Mlcb. ' - . :- -"
NEW . ADVEBTISEMENTa
AMTJSEMEI7TS.
COLUMBIA KS
PARFWFI I SIX *ionrs. )
I rtlXLTTLLL, gAT. MATINEE.
DENMAN THOMPSON
(HIMSELF) In the treat rural drama. THB
OLD HOMESTEAD
Y-.jf- Last time next Sunday night.
"TESSrf, TURN AWAY ROUND,"
And secure scats Thursday for THE
SILVER SLIPPER
The Latest 2*usl<ral CritnwJy. toy the Aa-
thors of "Florodora."
First Hire here next Monday.
CALIFORNIA
ffl TO-NIGHT. B^.
Return EnKagement of Jam«s A -^W
Kerne's Beautiful Comedy. Sjj
SAC I
HARBOR I
EXCEPTIONALLT SPECIAL If
« STRONG SCENIC S
| B CAST. EFFECTS. ||
! fi N«xt— DANIEL SULLT In "THE ¦*
I H CHIEF JUSTICE." PJ
VALUABLE VAUDEVILLE
And Her S unite Horse, "JLokl"; Carl in
and Otto: Al. Anderson and Bill
Brigs*; Filson and Errol; GIrard
• and Gardner; Geo. \V. Day; Morris
and Uowcn, and Orpheum Motion
Pictures.
Regular Matlneea «very Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c, 2Sa
and 30c.
. * * MATIHEE SATintD AT
¦ THIS WEEK ONLT. .
THE DELIGHTFULLY DROLL COMEDIAJf.
FRANK BACON
• "¦ ' .:, AND'HIS'O.WN COMPANY
¦ • • In Judson C. Brusie'a Comedy Drama,
JIB HILLS OF CAW1A
(>D|f»rQ EvestnK» I3c. 23c. 50c. 73«
. riUWLJ Matinees.. _.-." .' 18c. 25c. Sou
¦ MARCH glst^MRS. PISKE.^
. '. ; • . . Oenaral Manager.
•¦••' TO-JrflGHT— M*t«. Sat. and Sua. '
Jerome X. VJ\ I aj |J AaaU
¦ J.eroma'i m|V¥ : BaiuU'i
t -t HOBBS """'
-Evgi-.: ;.V to 75c. Mats.. Sat. A Sun.. 25c to 30«
' NEXT MONDAY— The Comedy of the Tyrol.
jit WHITE. HORSE TAVERN
: Monday.' March 14, FAB8Z7AX.
¦ ScUt Sale Next Monday — Special Prices.
CENTRALS
I 'Market street, near Eighth. Phona Sooth XIX
. . . TO-NIGHT^-ALL THIS WEKK.
•. "MATINEE9 PATVRDAY AND SUNDAY.
'; • .' - Th^ Sensational Eastern 8uecesa.
A BREAK FOR LIBERTY
Founded on the Famous Pittsburg Tragedy of
the Blddte Protheri.
Affi The Great Robbery '¦
VLL- The Daring Escape from Prison !
OLL Tht * r - afe for u ' e wlth "one and
w ~ Slelirh !
Tbe Battle to Death in tn* Snow !
Marnifleent Scenery! Novel Mechanical ESacts!
PDITVv Evenlr.ES 10c to S<-a
rnlWC3 Matinees :..10c. 13c. 25«
Next Week — "RIP VAJX WINKLE.-
Little Cost, but "Great Satisfaction. »
The Best Musical Comedy of the Year.
"ROLY POLY"
. This is the Last Week. Remember.
Tar*w*U Apv«»rajic« of
KOLB AND DILL. . . .v.*
Hear "Ramona" and "Dora," — Sons; Hits.
* Uatlnees Saturday and Sunday.
NEXT MONDAY NIOHT '.-*•'
.—"THE aOUJIDiaS".— . '
Tbe Great New York Casino Success. 1
First Appearance of Richard F. Carroll ant
John P. Kennedy. " - ¦ . . ••
SEATS NOW ON BALK.
KELLY AND~VIOLETTE
....JtlTO A QSSAT SHOW.-.,
¦ STtry Afternoon and Evonins; la ti»
-v . Heated Theater.
SEE THE INTERESTING BABIES IN THsJ
INFANT INCUBATORS.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
AMATEUR NIGHT. THURSDAT.
Admission. 10c; Children. Sc. '
When Phoning. Ask for "Tha Chutea."
Racing !^^^^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
' NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKIT CLUB, •
Corom^nclns February 23.
: Racine Each Week Day. Rain or ShJo*.
Six or More Races Daily. |
Races commence at 2:13 p. m. jhai-p.
For special traln^ •topptnir at the traek taJt»
8 P >*rry. toot of Market streeu at 12. t2:ju
1 00 1 '-to or 2 o'clock. No amokinc la last tw»
cars, which are reserrtd tor ladle* aod th«ir
'*Beturnfn» trains Iea»« track at 4:10 and
4-i$ and Imrm^llately after th« last r*c«. <
THOMAS H. WILLIAM3, Pr«nldent.
, PTCRCT W. TREAT. SW«r«tar*. i~
WEEEYJALL
16 Pa^cs. $1 pep Year
• iElttBSnBsiBail^=iS9nSBB9Be0&?.tfna>BEBBBBBBMBWSB«
OILAPE-NUTS;
!¦;.. requires, certain food, ele-'
..;rneins. (there's .no. .other
i ;A\jay:).. these elements are
• | . fpiind.in- . •...'¦ ••• • • •;. - ;
Iyhvihc correct proportion sci- : .
.ciriii'ficafl v .. pr^igested; a]l .
•Vregii\:.:.for" ih'e "out of busi--
¦.riie?s". ! "stomacii to assimilate.
• *_ * 'a . * " ¦. *-* *- '. - " r V • ¦ " " • ¦- * • •
•"¦¦.-*- •-¦-.- *. ." ' t * •
, ..scetns;. sluggish- -and. # dull
. : k; indicates . lackV of proper
•fr^od- and Jo days' use oi
'Qrapc-Nuts wiH show
. von the way. back.to # brain-
.* Health and strength*.
'Get the little "book "The-
I Koad to Wellville," in each
package- '
Efjtfr •"; : • ADVEBTISEMENTS.; . / ' • I
|^H^EyE&;co.||.
;: .Ms^ATIONERV. : :..l>e .
. advantages of a complete eguip;
. ment in .' tHe" -work r rooms. q£
\[ Shrevefic Cd:*s Stationery De- ;
i partment are available, for', the
prompt and intelligent execu-
tion of- orders for Wedding
•¦ Stationery, Visiting and Recep-
¦ m ¦ ¦¦"^•..¦•¦"¦"\f.' •'¦ *¦"/¦ -
! tion Cards, and the Stamping of
Cbrrespondence Papers.
POST & MARKET STS.
PfllflfP DON* 1 FAIL TO
laiUVV iee the beautiful
* COURT Lounging
/Mill ro6m,tht .EMPIRE
flUU . PARLOR, tho
r j PALM ROOM, tho
iTfHfin LOUIS XV PAR-
D J. 1- DIES' WRITINQ
t notels | «ooM. |
ASTHMA CURED
-To ata'y cured. !!• al^h restored. Attacks nerer
return. Write for Book 60. free to any Asthma
or Har Fever sufferer. Address P. HAROLD
HAYES. Buffalo. N. *". ."¦ .>.
AMUSEMENTS.
T\\I(S\ lOPBBA
I I V-ULl HOUSE.
• . aVjcujphmdotts arrjccrs8i . V;^
Ua^nlflcent Revival of Johann Strauss' Master-
piece,
THE GYPSY BARON
.A Romantic OceVa In Three Acts.
• -FIRST APPEARANCE IX ENGLISH OF
SIC DOMENICO RUSSO
The Favgrlte Tenor.
MATINEE gATURDAT.
.SECURE SEAT8 IN ADVANCE t
Usual Popular Prices...: 25c. 50c and 75<j
Box Seats Jl.OO
MISCEU^ANEOTJS AMUSEMENTS.
Harold Bauer
THE GREAT PIANIST
LYRIC HALL
SEATS AT .SHERMAN, C1.AT & CO/8
$3.00, $1.5d and $1.00
HOMER DAVENPORT, fcarofc 10 ud 12• : Rouna.l— After some -sparringf- Sullivan led
.twice with- lort. falllns- short. " Carbett then "
.swAitie tnefTectually. with right "for the Ja.w and
.t-rieti a ..left, crosa, whieh failed to conpect.
Ccrcbett mlesed ;" left- and . right swings * for tlie
face # and Sullivan neatly blocked similar* at
.terjipts: . Sullivan- landed lightly "with left on
t>.4 ear and they 'closed in.- ".Both nieri dle
rilO' ed Stoat cleverness and Sullivan, again
blocked left and right swings .for -the head.-
FlnsillyCorbett eofhls right to the Body light
ly and a left Jab to the lace. . Sullivan tried a
left swlnjr. missed and slipped to the floor.- As
he arose Corbett chopped a right' .to the race,
sad as the belt sounded sent in, a straight left
to the face. . No danjage* was donST :in-.tbli
round arid thcrt was but very Ilt'tle flghtlns
of consequence. Snlli van made . a . favorable
Impression by his cleverness apd . was cheered.
- Round 2 — Tbfy went to a clinch. . Sullivan
missed a left for the face, and the chajnplon*
countered ¦ with left and right swings ¦ to tha
face. Corbett began -his usual .game of, talk-
Ing . and .••Jollyln.S"" ,hls ¦ antagonist ana. then,
quick as a flash, drove his' tight to the body.
'. "Following Its a" description of .the
CoFbett-SuUrvan .' fight by* 'rounds'^ us
ieen.'.by: an exjiert -at the ringside :' *
In the . Fourth ' II on nd.
Sullivan VPractlcally-." looses "th'e g Battle
CQRBETT • LEADS .* ALL THP'WAY.
• •%T*ie opening •jnJ*ll;-pf.*the.;hi'ght ber";
t,ween feecJr&e.:'Sanfr^nsoi>,: the. sludger
from" Gap6 [ flvohje., 1 «id!" Ceasar*. Attei
was* .'J:he "funniest* ' tlUhg : eVer-'seeri, at*
Mechanics' 1 After tb"e*. 'men.
"brjd •b.'een .'.^gb't|n"g *^6'i;".*ibdHt"a "minute>.
'Et-efe*ree.McDeyitt o stcipped ihe go .an.d
gave AtfelhtKtej-decisi&n-'qn "a » supp.qr3.e^:'
fqul*. *;s'aijf ra'osori | tap.ped . Attoll' Avhiie
W)"e {latter, was' down*. •; : £.fter .'th;e" ".men '
left " Ihe *ri«g' {the. "crowd' began, to .'yell
for 'actfon*&fl<} "flnaJJLy. {fie "borers .con
seht'ed^to c <j6rhe baek and try jt'.oVer: ."¦"'
• .Attell devoted. K •.•'¦rl£,-'a-ll his tfnie in
tSe yirst°th*re^Toyniis io* fallfng dq\Vn
every" .tbn*e*Stfnfranson o cahie near Jifm.
In 'ithe^'s^qond 'round Attell hit tne.car-.
pet elevenV 0 tf^ies..o."The ( ' prow4*. becqm'e
so sore thdt Atteli-ffrraliy **dt. J^erry and
began to fight a. little? •He* began/ to^
.feeat Sanf l'anson up -badly in '. the •' fifth*
round. The; latter was 'game and^aKj
• ' Soth ine-h cp-nib- .up-.stroog. for \h§
iiinth.*. -Rafael started'-, Hi? man;
a»t" t"h^' tVp.'bf t;he. gon"g-and'^laiided."sby-'
.lefts. a on : i.ace, -wJif c'h .staifr.
gere^."the /: "Iroh'"Mjari:"."Ilt 'was tfue W
Rafael's jadt work . in. this round • iti$t-
Jlef^Tree Mcp^yitt ..'.called the.*; bout- a.;
draw.* *• v .•*.:•" \.' -.*•* : "."¦•. '.":•
¦ ;-.The. eixth'atTdj.setyeTl^Jfi were a;b6ut
even.'tij>,* but- in- the*, eighth- arid ninth-
Jleiger- ca^nej .to the" front' ajja|ri.!.and
had.IJafaei bn-..tne. "wane.. •"' ' .-. v " ••-••. . f*"
•feelger madfe tlie best showinjrf'of.his.
.career .on- the Paplflc Coast.- *Hp. was
always "ready *tb .niix*" It .'and . neye'r.
wlneed" Whenr'.he was -hit.. Jlafaer
se£*ie{i"a"fFaid of -his orppon'ent, for 'f he
•latter -was much .heavier". and;. looked
Uke" u . weiterw.eigkt. '••- !. : ; ..".".". , •"-.
Rafael seemed 'all -but- gone '-.in* the
third round, w"he.n; Seiger planted • a.
"straight; right on hi? ja'v* and sent h;im'
to the carpet for eight'-' seconds..-" Soon'
'afterward-. he'"repeate;d. '.the.'-trick; wh-h^
a left hook. • •Rafael, gained- M.r.fep^th
in th.e. ne^tt round \and" "s'eteined. [to fare" •
ajitile -better: v ' X . .;"'-> "-' '¦'- . .•*.• V; : " ':• "
• Fra-Jik.. Rafapl- 'and- Charley." .Sejger.
"the-* Irori-'Maji;". . fctught [a.:ten-rqund
slugr&in^ gjo of the iqe vagon •tyne".
B.oth vtn'e-rt. were ;figh,tlftg strong" wJien'
the .gong: .TOunde'd"; .tl>ough-""jf anytnin'g
Sdper"' seemed, lo* .\iayer.a* shade 'the
•bettjer" % df the" 'argument,. •• for . h*e". was
,lhe aggressor '" thfo-jgh-out. and .thre
fresher, 'of. -th-e" .pair" at 'th""e finis-h. j •-.
Boxers" -.rnt Up S(6>v Slugging Match
for Tcn-'ubundi!. '• . . .'.
RAFAtelj I>RA^Y&' WITH SCIGER.
-There were claims" of foul, but "Referee
Graney Triiptioned-'the meh to continue'.
Sullfvan' held. .on .eariy' to tlie eleventh"
round. Corbett sent two : rights to the
head Vand.;. kept, pending" In .'jolty- .left's:-
Corbett was flghtrng. like'a'.llUle'whirl.
wlnd' ajrf.-^.uliivan washoijelessiy-out
of.. it. JHe'-.werit down tor', eight seconds
from a.le£ttb' the- 3aw,'and-was on .the
V^rse :pf. '.bp^ng * knocked," put • when
¦Rerf eree. Graney liad It stopped. • .- '¦ '
The total receipts; wer$" *$6000.- Thq
club inatfagei^s said • that of . thiB ; fhey
received ',40 der" cent, or. 52400. OX the
j;em.alrider Corbett received '60 pjer cent;
or. $2109,; and- Sulnvan -the remainidg 40,
per cent, >mbuhtln'g;tQ $1440. ." . : ; " .
•-. Corbett 'was.. : seconded' -by '.'Harry
TuthllJ,J5illy. dtts and Tin* Mc(3rath.
.Siil.liVa.h,bad Jlmniy Barrjr, -Frank Mc-
Corfit^il " and *. Frank licDojaald .in. hts
corner.-/ There . werV tthe •*-. usual, ctiaU
l-eh'ges ; ;and Just" before- 'the "men* were
sfent; tpgether. jjjminy ' Rrit't'* was'.-calfed.
Jn'to the'ririg and u-as' introduced amid
great. • applause, . ."'•'•*-, :••:.•.••;
the sixth" round. Corbett Staggered Sul
livan once' with a- -left to the head,' and
y.-as .insidtf.a'ldt of SuUivaftV swings.
Corbett .tried ott£a ih'the seventh tound
¦to Jand W$ right," shooting it 0\>er with
great: ra.p5d.ity .-and barely missing-, the
mark 'Oxv .each occasion. '.Cprbett "was
busy-at- JiKadand body in/.the eightli
roiipd.; -a pd Sullivan hupg:ori repeatedly
to 'escapf*. punishment. •."'
' Sull'ivaCn^.rushed.Corbett to. the; ropes
in ihe. fifhth'round "and pushed him
: o.utside , thje upper * rop-e': Corbett-' came
bacK/flShilng:. •.' Then ' they Kad k;;alv9
'eing matQh.- Corbett pjinished Sulli
: "van tertibly in- the tenth, round, lie
sent, him" ]to his knees with a: -right to
the* Jaw *nd. Bta.rted -liis led f6r" the
hesld "at ,<he'."8am.e time. This landed
lightly- *" wvhile.' "SuJJlvan was on :".hls"
knees 'an"4" 'the "crowd" hissed 'Corbett
f or \ this ¦'¦ viola tlon\ of ring etiquette."
':""• . ; '-\ J^OlJli IS. CLAIMED! ','¦}: '¦:'¦.
6t7"i' •Anvil (Murray) ....'.:. ..:.... ...-.>.;... -*O2
WTQp »E:mier • I. (Klunder) ., ; ii •**•"« • • • JS*
G19O-- •Chickadee (McCafferty).- ;....,i..»..-l0w
•i&lOliady \V'adsworth (Blancnl &. Co.)..".....Hw
G1W; Prince- Blazes (Ba<H &. Ca.) ..........1(^
C172»Carilee' (Appleby & Co.) .;...'.. -.,.. : i<JO
H ; J1f th race— : Seveh - fuclonrts: four-year-oMs
}fthd upward; selllnK: . • .; V. ..
|ll«2 Yellowstone <Fm«) .yi. ...... ....Ill
3 «ffTS *K lckuir.bdb ¦ < WaJzV ; - : • • , • mvO
' /J17»-*yuung aforello .(Scharetg) -...10O
1 6tf>5: 'Klaneur (McCafferty) . :. .:.... .v.V. . . lft.
i 6170 Poasart <Case> •.:...*•.. .-/....». .'•.-• ......lw
fiOX) Flyer (Ryan). <•¦ .-,."• i.-i.. ./.....%' : v^...iC.>
AfSOl ."Montana "Peeress (Coffex) ........... 90
«BW 'Marell*. iQuUllaV) .'.:..y..,^.»..., .:\.10O
*.Sixth«"race — She furipngst- th"ree-y ear-olds ;•
s<»HIn!-: * - "'•"""••*•.-"••.*/-
S&1 "St. Tusef (Summer;^ .*..-. ...^....>.- »«
6n>8. 'Midway f Piedmont Stable*) -..* ....'»?
6l38*George Bfrry (Boett/jer) ...v 10.
......Salto (Fountain) i.i.:..\\...... 96
jfi\k(i Sir AppleSy (Ferguson); ,..;..10V
"B13y Scherzo (Pueblo Stable): ..»>-..••"••••• 1<>7
6J5S •Dusty Miller/ fSheridanT, W*
613^ Et Tu Brute (Moran) ...'.\.... .%.;_•••, .-.104
• allowance. '.- :'
Results- at-.Bssfex"';Pajrtfc.
HOT : S J*RIN€J S, Ark,, Feb. r.9r.-r-iE*
rex'Pari; results.:-. -.-."• yC : \' : ' :^.'^; : " : - "
. Fifst ii^e/";Ot^;'x^(aJ:i^<i\fMe^^ti(.
yards— -Jcrty-^von.: Kingstelle- ; second.
Judge Cahtrell third; •":Time..'.lV4 tji.'.-.':-
¦ Second^rac^,- ' three and .a. half; fur
longs— HaJtrrl'a'ri- •. won, " Marseia- second>
Tom Shelly sthird> '•• Time, : 4 3%. . : .; ; •¦''¦ '¦¦' -
Third -Ta.Jcjs . five; arid a half .f url.ongs'..
sellins^ — Joe .Martini won, Mike. Strau-'W
second, lilllianette third.' Time. 1:0 J.
Fourth/race; one; mile-:' and a! six-,
teenth — Honolulu ivvon. Marnselle sec^
ond. Easy. Trade • third. ¦ ' Time, 1 : 4 S «i,
Fffth racife. ttvearid a. half furlorig*
j — Moor iJeh woii. Sam Hou?t6n «*ec>.
ond,- Caithness, thirds Time. .1:0$^:.. .
Sixth rac?. selling, . sis fiirlongjv^
Ralph Young won, .Tennessee set'bnd,-
Annorad third. Time." 1:22;. '"¦¦..¦. ¦
probable .wiwinats.
• Tirrt race— Ttdx. X»dy Anna, Capti
vate, AUpe '.careyl .• . -
• J. Second . race—Cardinal ..Bute, «ooll
traa, Llffht of Bay. ;• ¦ -.
, " Tlilrd race— -Leader, Olympian, Titn«.
' 'pourtli ra.ce-^-iady;.Wa4«-worUij Chlck
adee;" Carileei" -" ' ' " ; - - * : . . ".
"Tifth race— PoBtart,- Marelio, rianeur.
.' .Sixth: X*ce— Sir- AppieUy, Salto, Et Ta
"BEute< ". •' * : . :• ' '¦'.-¦.' " .-"•¦• '.
Rat-ins at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Febl
City results: .:•.¦.•. . • : • ';¦', '
vFirst race, seven and a haVf ¦• Yhr
longs> selling — Maritana won, St. Cufn
second. Sparrow Coop third.- .'"time,
1 :?4i4. •.•.•.."¦¦-. ""." ;^ : { "; : ' •
.Second race, six furlongs, selling — '•
Cypriane 'won, TVreath of Ivy second;
•Shortcake. third.' Time, 1:14. . ••
•• -Third?.' rac«, • half njile — X'lporine
•won, -ModfeQ'i Law second. Lady
Greenwood third. . .Time. .'1:48. * . *
".-Fourth race, handicap, one. milo-^-
Lotf Porsey won"; N%w York, second.
Trogbn third,.. Time, 1:39 1-5.*/;
"j'ifth race." one "mile and seventy
yards; selllhg-r--P'rohta wojn; The lies?
jrjenger " second. Icicle ' third. .Time,"
1:44. •- • : •' - -.."." .
. "Sixth race,, six and a half "furlongs^—
Malster won, Sierra . second, A'racltuo
third. Tim.e. 1:20 1.-5-.'
* ASTORIA, "Or.. .Feb. J*fl. — "An., examination
"•was made -of th« BjeamBhfp- Graeo Dollar ttf
day.l It. was-^bund that 'her tatrshaft was
•broken and her bronze wheel wss.ha.nf Ing op
Ker she*.. Captain Olsen h^s not heard 1 town.
her' owners, so at present nothing can .Be told
of -her futu^e. plans.- • . \"
WABHI^GTON.' *j*eb.' 29." — Cofombta has In
creased ' Her customs' tariff, considerably to
meet the heavy "Judgments rendered.' againet
her by "tha va/lous arbitration tribunals which
have Just concluded their work, according .to
s. report frb'tn" Cohsul Qifntral Snyder at Bo
gota. • . ; ' " • ¦¦•¦•• . ... . ' .
".'TOUKG : ; COTtBETT, 'vfefQB
... -IN BATTLE
• .-•• D'A\ ; E".suDi:iyA^'.-."' ;
' SuH iVan "was 'knocked db'wn esttiy-ir{
i };e .fifth .roundjVilh* a showe'r -o/ .oard
'Wows. .He' was down 'ajjain Tor eight
seconds 'and- Corbett tried his *est to
stop "hirp.- Corbett leaned against .him
with hts on his chest and, was
w-Jnging over his* right and Jeft, doing
terrible execution. •. He staggered Sul
livan with a right to the head and
the latter hung on to. ayold punish
ment. There, v.as a great mixup at the
end of the round and CoVbett came out
of It. unscathed. »' #"..
The xnen slowed down j noticeably in
.' •',^.ffreT;'*cre'. : ugb < .Tuthors "flying atsout"
,;'l>c0re;.l^je;-.flgiit-t'riaj "Sullivan . : g «cyas in
;^*Ucy«vS.ta7id;fi3r jj tirne -and. flieh lose
,-»iri _ T a.-*"fou>;>. Th« :Xev.\ Yprker deAled
:.?t<)Uti-y:;;ilj&,t; jie /had", any "such. t>r$
.i'*^ar^melIn>Mew,-andvlJie; fight bore but
"• •hi!!' .cjjntejitlGii. ¦-."-'lie " -t'opH ' an" Incredible'
• amount, -of ¦' pajmshhie'rit; as;. Ws'dilap'i--"
iidatied; ¦¦jai)iieafafice ¦ (aitfer.'-'thg . fig^i.
''eVi^r.ed^anir.did Jhilfl best thrbugjiout;.
"Ul8'tiead-'wa's iiuffed.;and.fip'611en aftejf
-.t! :^?.;t?<jntest.:i*-}jne :h'is." jntiiith sras'cut"
Vsihd" bleejjin-g •severely!-. :•¦'¦¦.". •'¦:.'. i* •'.
."-.. . •The"-..e^g^^erh'e«'t . ; sra* . ,renrarkat4e.:
for" V th« ."", am&un'f, erf. inSshang. v.hlclj
fopJc. : jplaefe.. the • men .'.being locked.'to-;
: f5ftt*)e"fyan"d j)'unc"hihg:..for minutes -at;
a.tlnre;.irl.etery:'rpund. Sujlivain wa^
th'e .bffrtffler":-i'n : ".th^ hanging on, the-,
little "chanYpVori uisuaJly trj-ing.to fight
; himpelf -fcle"arv:".H«-feeemed .at)l^ id; hit'
from "any poTfjltioo. in which he- fotind
himself . and •" **rt( h '• great force. "• T^heij
hft vent gt SuHh-An jli was.Jlkea rb»
tftry-.;plow. ijoinj". through-, a
smif. ."'". : •;".-•!•"•". :":".¦.. .' •""• * .' •• *
IX>5"ER:8 : piXitl ; 8 JACK FORCE. • '
,- 'Tr.t.en- "Stil-JlvAn"; landed ;hls ' blb*w's.
Beeined: to'-:have.*. no" iorce,' as "they-."dJd :
hot ee*e.m to-"bother Cbrb'ettin %he least..
The latter .B^eimed -posftlvely fat and
not "a muscle.' showed, 'above .tjie "sur
face on his. plump little? -body.- He .was
undoubtedly ire11-lralned t however;' as
he did" not breathe hard 1 ; and the most
violent exertlongjdid not Ore h^rn- : '."
When* the'ifnen. .fae?d'.-each other-'in.
the ring: Corlrett -see'rhed- ais/plump. aef- 1
a partridge,' nhllt g'j^lHvan had- the. sin*
fwy. muBCU-lir-'appearaTCe. of a" higWy
trained athlete: " Sullivan' wais .first to
l^ad "arid sent" a. right .and. left Jab" to
the head./- Cp.rb>U" : earner back, -ivlttt.a,
left ¦ and., right "Vo'the "fjead;* He -fan
Sullivan ."into ~Opr*>etr»." corner, .where
SuHiyan. \" slipped, down. ' C'orbptt "was 1
busy fh- the.'.-scpo.nd" round,- scoring...re=
pcatedly -u-'iYh" iff Slit -and left- -.to. -bof-h
head *and, / hod.\i ".- jie.'sehtJa .hard xrlght '•
to.th'e" )xea*tt"-'ahd t"hVn.-kn6cRei3 -&ulUvan :
doW.^|th"a."rc<t-:£o\h« tica-d^- Gorbeti.
xvas JPsr^ti-n^ifer^plyi: "Vbeii."''.^ t-piind.J
ended:_ !:'.-,'•{ '•V^-V-'^v--.". 1 -! ¦.'.':•• ".'¦.'.". ¦/
back. bf ; -Sjril£\-54n*!?fc; Head; ".fbJrq.vi"ed. wtth
r-'ght,/jis; ¦yi^X "*;anie--.)out'.".pf "'-a' .'clinch,-
Sulliv-a'n" 'inad^./Ciirbe.jt ':io'olc':"-s'eriou$
vlt'h a right- and-- left "to*.thevhea"dL 'but
got -a left ;iiv ret.irrji •that.'stagger'ed. .hihiV
Corbetf.sta'frerGred- S"ulllf an" early. Sn. the'
fourth "fbuhd-,TrHlt-"a-]rjght -tA'.th/e "ba'elc
of the ftrad.*:a a "£^vqcUe-'.blow : wl'ttt"him
lastf ni < ?h.t: - :-Suiirva"ri-. ivas' knocked "down
nviih a"*itght 'to't-he -stayed:'
down . n'fne second^, *lle was knocked
,«To\yn again I'riear *t*e enft -of th'e 'rounds"
.Jt.s'eomed he'could hardly icecov.e'r* •• \\
'. \ SUL.MVAX K'XOOKEp 'p6\V$+ Y
V'TTo . : .fcaX;e !sft. -the bdut ¦proceed, fur^
J?^> ; . ;as.';*Sulijyiirf -had ..been' bje-lten" to
rf .KtariasriJl. /.-white ll^tl?
i ngr..m*ii : &ine- inVf'rotit "of : him re^
Ca.inejj ,ajTL' JiTs :t^rJ*iJ?Ie ¦hit'tJn*g : po-a-er. • -"
¦rV.)ToiinjBP':iCbrt»et-t,' iite'.i- : iii : !nviQn : .f-ea.tiir'
fefj7rtfefet^j>xe?.*of .the world," gamed 4n
'irKIiribssiye . vVct'oi-y-- 6've'p .Dave Sullivart
'last^^.i^tCin'-ilctljaiiics' "PaVilipn. : At:
t.tie. -insfaTice .'of " Ilirf tree Eddie Gra^y*'
¦>?u>] {¦ra'ri-'B jfeetonds' i.tcjssecl .a. t'oi^er-. into
%hv':.rXrip(.iA .'. tJie;.ei*Vei?.th-r6uiKl' as k
:ijrtH«". s'grjal .- thaC .tfaejr'-.ackn'o'vrledged
JefeeaJtv- - ¦¦}'¦ * •-. .'•-•: :"'*. ¦'¦'¦ ••..•"•
Round. 9— T*iey at once- mixed It.* thfj cham-'
plon lanUIng several* rights on *he body- and.
i^fts Xo the face. Sullivan was outmatched
In this -kind of fighting and* Corbett had not
much, difficulty In landing.. Sullivan backed
Corbett agalAst the. rope*, nearly, forcing hlnl
.through, and landed several good rights and
lefts on the bojly: They worked their wayTto
th« center of the ring." Corbett finally landing
tw o rights, and a left swing on the Jaw. Sulli
van fought back gallantly, but his blows failed
to * find . a resting place. They again • fought
• -Round 8— : C&rbett. missed, right swlpg •foY
the ear and .-they went, together. 0 . '^Emerging*
•from, the- clinch.. Corbett Jolted Sullivan, with
right to thtf jaw and qulck/aa a flasft planteS
hjs Jeft hanj to'*. the nose, and a .moment later
got In* a left to* the head and a -right to* the,
. Jaw. • They ctood "close tbgether arid •flnally as
¦Sullivan backed away, two .rights caught him
en tfte'.'.jaw • and.: Jie quickly sought -refuge m
a mlx-up. In w^iich. he received -two /earful
Tights to the '.body. 'Corbett. misled a rlgnt
swing alter, recelylne a straight, left to the
face,- drove In a. straight right, on Sullivan's
face, fdrclne him to" a clinch. VlcidUs ln
flffhtlnB • followed, with Corbett having . con
siderably th'e bettes of It. - l( was easily Cor
be.tt's rounds • the . champion's • bl&ws , -haying
great force behind them. . Bullivan looked a bit
.worried as he went to hta corner. ••• -, .-; ..
. * Round . 7.— Solltvan wag short w|th left and
they dlrithod. » Breaking away, both' swung |h^
effectuaJIyi wi«,h righjib and c Corbett put two
rlEhtB-\!*iv*r the "lcWne.vS and°thejj a o wicked
right, sjylnfc to r th'e, bpdy.o 0 Sullivan c planted
vicious- ;le'ft- iiook to theo body that rhade Cor
fcett.wjnee. They clfnched c ahd« Corbett? after
the 'breakaway "• missed a fearfijl,"left swing'
lor the Jaw. a H«? offset this by a hard right
pwlng .to.the head and escaped a Counter? o Cor
*ek siwung.'his 'rlBht c to the ear arid missed
a. swing -with his .."right ,#>r Jthe >'w. ;Sulftva°n
fufced-'the champiph to the ropes, ''landtag lef,t
fliifh toi.the face- and, n rlpht. -t6 the 5 head,
fhey jve'nt tO'-cKose. quarters, jnixmg It wilh
put damage. *Tli«. ben .clanged* - trt this stage.
SuHlvan .continued to show Improvement.. •»
• R»un3 C— They rushed together Without re.
sult. $ull.Ivan appeared to have recuperated
somewhat,.' Corbett swung , left to . the • Jaw
Hghtly... and .was .eoupfefed with left- hook-'. to
the stomach. . •Cofbetf. missed a -ter'riflfi left
swing, for 'the. Jaw and a right'-'- sw-'lng also"
Went -wild, as did a &tra.lsht left by Sullivan.
Corbett xnlssed- .t*o left hooks for the bodS;
and 'Jailed In "an . attempt-* to land a right
"swing:.* Sullivan nuf.ln a straight left *to the
face, and followed It with a right swing and'
they '"clinched.... Corbett sent SuUlran .back.
V4th. a. straight left to .the face an'd In, a mix
up thi»y. exchanged lefts to the body. Just -as
the bell -rang Carbeit sent in a' straight "rljtht
to lhe-'fape.. Sullivan showed ' great • ithprove"'
jrieht ; in tHfa'rouq'd and Cofbett .acted more,
cautiously. •.** •."....'*•.
. Ttourtd 5 — Corbett drcive"re4rful rights and
lefts on his ahtagon*lst'.s. Jaw and Sullivan
went to the floot'-twlce tpf the"count "of seven.
Corbet* * «iet Snllivan with a. fearful Jolt to
the', stortfach.and'-" the 'latter cluog desperately"
to the • chanipldn. ' A wild- siting by Sullivan
caught .Corbdct tin* the 6tomach, ' but We waded,
right In after Sunivan. sending- hini to" the
ropes with left* and right hooks, to the Jaw*.
They mlx-ey It,* Corbett dellverliig. terrific pun-*
ishment on (he botjy ana face; Sullivan? bled
f«-cm the nose.. Curbett^ drove his left, straighi
to The face, *but..SulU van surprised the cham
pion ' by eendlntr in two tet-rlljc lefts', one .to
the body andvond to- -the face. .Both totrght
.-desperately. .Stilll van making a rally *ha"t, sent
the rav.ljloii.- lntp "an.-"u-proari -".t . looked * very
jnuch (.fke .a dy.ing man's effort, however, "but
..-geverthtle^s SUllTyan Inflicted ba4 punishment
,qn "the champlpn "as the round *en«ed % , U was
'.Corietfjs found; .'•-.-. • * .
¦ Round 4— SulliX^ji -Jabbed the champion on
the face with striiglu [eft and eemd'fatt in
.llghUnn followefl,' Corbett planticr his left to
Ihe Jaw and then tollawinir it with Wt to the
.body. Corbett 6hot .his right viciously, .-to the
Jaw and Sullivan.- ; reBorted Co 'Inflsrhtlng." la
which he was;.*4t)rsled. . Sullifan<=plantcd two
hard -rights daVthe. champloo'^ *ar rand tlie
men refused tp break.. .Th'ey h.im«l breast-to
breast,-; bgth '.g.lving 3 and ta^liip hard face
blows. " FlnaUy .Cor bctl broke- and ettopjwd a
vicious right to tbc Ji»-v, rending SuHivaa tQ
the -floor for th» c&unt of nine 0 . cam/?
«p Brogg'y and" a l«ft up'percut to tha Jaw once,
tnore sent. Wtn to the -floor for the 'count of
nine. It looked easy "for .Corfbett. Sullivan
came .up, clinched, and the bell practically
"saved blm from a. knockout. Cotben's* "blows
•A'ere clean tm-aid ft looked -as If SulllVan
would 'not last- *anoTrher round.- ,
.fotlo.wiiig • U -..-rWlth. • • . light" left.'.tb
.(l.ie fate". . Corpetf' .had " .Sullivan ' UukIi
; ing • at.", his'- -witty. Badinage.. '-The cham-
PJQtr tnlesed rfglit;: and left i\vjhss for the
-foody ."and! EulHyan -Just missed a" vicious left
?.w.lrg..-ibat 'graisd-; Corbett's .face, Sullivan
Viapni-x right . : BVcitig over, the kidneys end
»ep'«lte^"-a strafght- left to tbe .Tace. After
: l.«n4lBK.'. a- .straight J.ef.f.oil Corbett's nose Sulll
•Veji weht to the .floor '.for a. eount of seven
frp™ a 'well directed right flush on the • law.
¦l}b was- up quick];.-; however, and previous to
rhp BCKiyi of theibell pjijeed it viciously with
th^vch^mpion, buj received . m*ict\ the worst
of the./iall^'. If was. Corbett'* round. .
. : .lU)und .3— Cdrtsett swung with his right for
the- ear. but "If went wild. He <hen missed- a'
J^rt for. ihe bod^.. and" \he referee caution.ed
bqth fti^n : about holding on. 'They mixed "ir,
fiorbett--m!E8.ing'>.0me. lefts for the body: A
vicious, left' $wi)ig. hy the champion, grazed
lb.e top. of Sullivan's head. Then followed a
liilx-up, "Corbett jnisplng. several lefts and nghtsL
.for' the "lace, .'fc'ullivan .made the champion
st(?p talking by.'jjfantjnir a left ; and- a right
fiard on. the face while in a mix. Corbett sent
.Sullivan'* head ta^k »'<th a left-, to the Jaw.
.The latter. cllncAied and W a mji Carbett got
111*, two. fhortrkn^ rights to .th«" body. Cor
b*tt rockiMr&'.tJJvaB'B-head With u raking rigl\t
¦pn .the '.lite a'i*3T \ite heTl. .found 'SulMvan Blug-
Sing IneftectuaJVf- at the champion's body. Jt
was Corbett'3 rouiHt. ' . »: * '
OAKLAND RACETBACJC— rMONDAY, Feb.' . 29. Weather fine. Trgigk heaivy.- ,-.
Q104. • FIRST- RACE^H-Flve and a half furiongs-'-semngr;. mare's: 4 : yT.-oiAutt op':.flrst-. fg3-
Index " • ttetrsfl and Ownerl .- Wt Stx ii.'Ji. '.%•." Str* F1 °* 1" Jo c^ e T-.V"t. -°P- =" ?}:
68S0 Cas»l» -W, S .(J C,- KealonJ- . 108 2 ... 12 t 1 . 1 1 .1 5 Banner". ,;. . . .. 7-2.'. &*
6182 Ataoruiia.'"4 (P. I^cGulre) . . . . 92 3 ..-., E 2. 1 »* 2 1-..2.S ', . Cross^ralt* .. 3ft-. »O
C10O Rustic Girl'. 6 i[Ei."F > it?geraW)' 103 .* ..i'4.3. 33" 3.2 4-8: .Roach .:..... »-- .*.•??:
. RS70 Argot; .6 (J: Y. .RfchK .-. 108 » ' .. . .8 2 • 8 -7.1 4 3-Traveti:,:: • 8 , * »•
57SS'. Tenance. 4 (J." T McCarthy). :*9-.i '..v 6 n" 8 % 3 ft 8*4. SherwooiJ ... . ¦ W ; -SO
• 6182-Egjp. Prtnce«»,-6-(I.O'R.ourke)jlOa 6 „. -3h 4 2 41J3 rYandxbout; -.- ;4 V^i.
• 6181- Peart Diver. 4 (CarllsTe Co.). 1W .7 ..." "T ft ,* ft -6 .H -7 1. '. J. T; • 63iehR • .-** ••?.
.W48. PrlestUke 4 (Frisco Stable) . 104 "8 ..-.• 9 h * "H:8 •".-• 8-"\. ¦" BaztOOv. *.»,*'. -..« '.: J "
C08S. Little Sister. "6 (iQraffort. C*-) 108 9 ..'. '9 ¦ .:Bl»d.. ...... ..¦'-.• Knapp '¦->•'• ••?... "-.
• Time— .:25 ":B2.'i;ll% "At- .post lft mlnutei;'-. Off '-at ' 2:iSU. " C&ssVe. .piacfr show.".
-6-5. " Amoruna, Tlace 12'. show^- 6. GlrJ • know, l.-X ' ..Winner.- cli; . rri. by .. Trentola
. Catallna^ Trained .by J.^C.- >tealon. Scratched 1 — Penzanc«,. Dora. -I. . . Start-, poor. • .jv\ on
. • easily. Second an.il third' eaaily." Wtnher had • plinty 'of .»peed-.' ¦ Amoruna .h 11 **,^
. . knee* and .track eUlted her.- Rustlo Girl -lacked .'«peed. :iilttl» '.Sister "bunt '.a...plxjoa
•¦.^v*sselindj*irdead^ ; " ..:.';. "' ';" '.'•; j: _.'_ '_ _ J 4 j!,^^^. ,^ j:^^-^
. 6105.. SECOND" ¦RAC&-.S1X furlongs; ie.UIng; 4-yeat-oMs and up^ ,vaiu« to 'first. $323;.."
Indexj- •" [Horse aad Owiier; * Wt St. >.i . -ft. '%,.' Btr". FJnv'J Jockey. ..Op.: . Cl. '
61Y4 ', La-nSdovne, 4 .(^.---Fltts/ei-al'd) 99 4 "-... 8 ft ?.2 -"-S ft i 1 Roach v.::: . 11-' 5 13:9.
6151. Muresc*: 5 (Mrs. MllKr) 102 2 ... 1 n IS 14 2 5 Knapp .... 5 : 2 11-2
(6148) Lady Kent, a (Wellman) 102 3 ... « ft 7. 6 8 1 3 2 ' Holbroolc . ... . 6 . 10
6174 'So! LlchferJtein B KRomlgh). 101|.8 ... 72.8ft 7.8 4.1.. Reed ....... . * '" .«
(J163T Flaneur. 0 (C McCafferty) . . |1P4|' 8 . . . . 8 2,31 5'ft'52 Bouner ¦ 8 • ;.».-2 :
(Cl'46) S!r\Prestdn 4 -(Scharets) v lj>» •"». ... 4 1'4 ft 4 H •-> Tra.ver«- ;.. ,.¦ *6 • • ••"
0171 Plckaway "4 (A.- J. Jackson), ...On;' 1 ... 2 3 2 2 -.2 ft. 7 10 Sh^rwoo<l :. ' 10 ; 1O.
G17.4 Contestant. .6 : (Diamond *J,)flp2| 7 .... 8 . .8 ¦¦¦ .' 8- ¦»¦¦;. fJ.-T. Shehn* SO . lOP
¦Tim'-J— :25." ;&0. 1:16U. At post 8 minutes: Off at 2:43. LansdoWe ; " p1*ce; I;- show. l-2 ; '
¦ •; Muresca, place; 2; show,' t: Ketjr. show. 2. Winner, b. f. by\ Russell -Fancy R«m;
.. ' nant. Trained hy 1. P. Fitzgerald. '.Sci-atched— Yellowstone.; Start Rood.' Won cleverly.
-. Xexu three driving. Winner best.-: Muresca • could have Won' in sloppy gojps- I^dy
Kenf fan her race". ' Hchtensreln awayjoorly. Flaneur can- do better. Sir Preston
•' -passed -it up! ¦ go -did Plckaway* .'.••¦ ' .- ~ _¦ '_:_ ._• :.;*--)*, r-.^/^ -
j«19«. '. THIRD RACE^F1v«r."and a half furlengs; seUln*; S-jear-olds; valoa. tor Orat. $325.
iTdeTj Horse and -Owner. -' - JWtlSf. &;"'%•'• %. Str'. -• -FIh. |. Jockey. . Op." Cl.
./5171 v Hoceo (Photo Stable) .". .\ .-.-. : 104 1 •' '.-.- ; 2 3 2 3 . 1 h 1 2 J. Martin.'. ' 6-5- " 6-5 .
.5151- Boat. Elder fHamirton S.table) . . 99-3 .;.: 1 h 1 h 2 3.28; XV. iDJaly'... ¦ 3 18-»
ClCff Targette . (D. S Fojihtaln). ..' OT 2 ¦ ..". 3.1J8 3S ff Vindrbout 4 . B
"590.V The Jew (R." •WilsOTi).;:..' 99 7 ... 61' 62«1 4 3 R. Wilson., 20 ¦• HO
C002 Mcndota . (Napft- Jjtflck Farm).- 97 5 .:. 7- ft 7 ft 7 2 : 5. h O. Bullman -3f». *•:•««>
615S I Red Bird- (B. Slaughter) - . .'. ¦ .97 .8 '... 4 2" '4 '3 -4 1 6 3 Ro.acl>. , • 4 ; 4
•615S IHannknVan <Lee & Soo>.'..- lCCL 4 ;.. S'4-0 1 5. ft r 4 . HolbrpoTt . ., ".30 30"
6294 {County . : 'Pown- (Haskell). .'.^.. {« 6- ..." 8 8 .8 .8 Cross ¦•' -30 .. .60.
Tiine-^-:25 oulft.l:124i.- At post- 1 minute. Off -at 3:08.. iloceo, place, i-2: 'shoV. "out. •
• Klder. . place. C-5j show. 3.-5. Targette.' show. 4-5,; Wliiner.br. f. by. Take N'otta?
•• Happy JI«ldeh. Trained- by. D.- Anthony. Start fair. . Won all oat..-' SeCon't and. third..
handily. Martin • astride ;- winner . buiilped. Box' Elder .-on stretch tu»n. Winner kf.pt
'¦' very busy. -Targrette has gone back. Red Bird- won't do. .' . " : - '_ . '¦ .
G1J>7. FOURTH RACE — On« mile; aelllng;' 4-year-olds and. up; value to firat. $323l\ ; - ;
IndexV ¦ " .' Hdrsc. and: Owner. • • |Wt1St.'T4. . ft •:.*>*• Stf» Fin-] Jockey. . • Op." • PI.
C175.Mr Dlngle.'4 (E. Tterhey.):! . 105 B 6 1 7 2. 4.h 4 112 IBuxto'h; : : ..;. 2 . 6-.S .
.6175 Outburst.-a (J. J.'McAlesteY) 112 1 -2 1 2.1 2h 2h 2 ns. )3ee ......... 1.5- . "1*
" 6172 -Fafnum .'4-.(McCafrerty).. 107 5 3 h- « 1 • 5 1 B 1 -3 ft r.Bonner '„ . . . ¦ 6. . 12.
616O ' Searcher 6 (6: P.- Romlgh). . 97 4 S . 8- " 8 .. 7 3 4 2. Grqsswatte 10.- -. 13
(610O) iMbellita; '4 (MacXainaraK,.. lfK> • 2' • 5. t\ 51i «ft«2'»V4 traver» ... ¦ 9 ; ••*
eiJO'lBilly'Moore.'a- J^T. T. -Rector) .1 VX « .7.3 4 h : 3 1 3ft « 1. Holbrook ...... 6 r « ¦
6172 Sue Johnson, a' iE.Fit2geraId)|10O 3 I 6; 1 fi 12.11-7 12 Roach- .6 .,15
6172 El Fonse. ¦ S ' ("C. P."-.Flnk).;...)«)7 7 4 2 .3 ft 7 3 8/ -8 .. -jj.:. T. Shehn ;;S -.;'. »¦'
Time^-:20,. :51, 1:18 .l.:<6^i. • At post 3 minute*. ". Off at S/.54. ""Tingle^ : -place. / 1-2: sbo.w. '.
1-4." - Outb-Jcst place; 4: shovr' 2-- f>"Mim show: 2. . Winner, ch. h. by Ornamc«t-..
• Nellie- C- Trained .b-jr- JR* Tlerhfy. " Scratched— KeynotV," Flyer. Dftndla •^eTTe." Joe John.
\A1nrie? bid "up to $705 by H. "Riibinsoii: retained. .Start jSood. Won cleverly. Neat "•
. -• .thre?i driving.. A soft" «pot- for:' Mr! —Dingle; .. He:- was ¦¦away poorly .and then. tot. cut
¦'•' • ohT : several -.tl Bits'. ' Mr:- Fsrnujn -ran- bis. racei. : S-earcher.-did'. fairly .welt. Billy Moor*
:. " q'.uit.--El' Fo.n^e. *»topped to nothfijg. • ' ' '. ' '. ' ; - ' :.¦••¦.' : - ... ¦ ••.' '. . . ' j ¦¦'._. '_ j _ '/'
<llt»S.-' TiFTFt"- RACE^-r Futurity course? purse; '3-year-old3; value.- to flr»t ; %ZZi. ".. > ' .— -.
'.Indfi*- ."-";. : Ho"r^. aritj Owner.': • '•.iWt!St.:>i.i'' H^ %-. Str. ¦ Fin.. [¦ ""¦: Jock'eyt; .] '-Op. .-.Cl> ¦'¦
'5371 : I^ord W^dsworth" (Ferguson),: 102J 2. ¦'... Si 1 .ft I 1 1 .1 ¦ fTravers" '."."'. lft. : .15
.(«138) Rfd C Kurse' fG.'.McL. Brown) 102' 4. ' .... • 4"; : 4- ¦ ..3, X M'i Hnlbrook ,. . ' 7- . • H
f61SG)rCelebra'»it t Hamilton Stable). . 109| .1 • ;;i 3 i-2 '.:»5.S 1 3 15 J. .Dalyi.. . 11-10" 3-;.V.
' 6SSrt Young \P«pper(F. D'Rourke).. 9!>j S"... ' 1 h-.3,l : . 1. ¦'• 4' ¦ Sherwood. . 6 * • 1.0 ;
• CISC. Solaniis (Jennings & Co!)-. .— 104. 5 ..,, Pul!edup.,J. * ., - -. J.wilartln. •-. . ¦¦: «....».
'618«" S.oufrlere- (Dayton. & :Co.>.... 1024v& ..; - PuMed up ... •,...". Jf-'T> Shehnf . . 3 ; . ft ¦.
Tirafr^;?5>'..' ;SOV»i ' liloft. At' post .1 minute.' Off at- : 4:00. ' W a d>woriiv place. i:«how. "
' "2. Nurse place, fl-5: sfiow ; 4-6.' Celebrant. shf>w ; -out. " Winner, trh. \pv. by: St, Cccrjte- ;
. Tj-opbv -Trained ..by T. G. Ferguson. Scratchod^Ananlaj". : Stkft- bafl.-. Won. : easily. :
¦ .' Second handily. ' Third driving. ¦ Lgrd-Wadsworth breeiedln. -Rfd- f ross:- Nurs^. fati he.lr^ ;
"' race. ¦ "Daly *ut up a bungling rjd'e 'on Celebrant thrp/ufjh.: thft "stretch. ...Youns .Pepper' i
•ran out' oir stretch; turn.. ¦ Solanus and Soufrlere- were left: -. ;¦ • " ; " .« . : .-: .'.¦¦¦"¦¦¦'
• SIXTH .RACE— One aridr'a sixteenth .-miles.; purse ;.3r year-olds i up;'f6 first. $d?3v'-- : J
Ind«x .Horse' and. Owneh..- ". [WtlSty ".'ivi/Vs. : »;. .Str.. ¦Fin...!- ; Jockey:: ¦'. ; Op.. .'- .«:Ti-.
5i)35~ Velerano''4 (W. C. Vi'vell);.!. 104 i '6 4 >i .1. »i- 111 2 |J." Ifartin.-. ' ' • G j fl 2- :
61S5 Dai*y Green. 4 iFoliansbee).: !>5 2 1 h 3.1 2\ v, 2 h . ¦', 2 I \V. Paly... ' . 6- . . ta {
RJ 73: Chickadee. & tMcCaffert-y)..." 10."! 3 4 h R.'^. 5 '- ...>3 .3 2 . Ronnef ... .V. ', .in :. • 12 ' r
<il7.1 O'Hagen • -5 "(Mrs.- Bender): ... 1C5 4- 5 :ft.2-.h 4 1.: U Jr.' 4 8 Tra'vets • .- . •.. . '4-R. .."*-.T. •
C127' Esherln. 4 (J. F. Schorr) ....... -95 5. 2. ft 1 h : 3 1 4 ft .'. lt> Ree^T ....... .5-2 lft- 5 .
• -5820 n he Way v 5 <K. H.-Clark). . ¦ -ilO5 B yft- 6 -6 .-8 v 6: ..-.- ,.)J«'- T:. .ghehn. > ;3»'-":?-0» r -
Tinie— -"ieVi :51V.. l:17-" l i lMfrft. 1:53. At "post lft mrnutes-.. .Off, at 4:24ft,- VcTefatir>,
'place T-5-'show" 1-2 Green,, place. -3 : r snow.- 6-5. ¦ : Chickad.e«v show. 4-.?.-v"\V.lnn>r.- -b:.'
" h by'-Kcl'El Santa Anita-Orange Leaf, ..Trained 'by- Xfc C VivelV.-'- ScratPhe.J-*Print<» ;
Brazes Start. good. 'Won flfst three, driving;. Winner was heavily played. I>ajsy Gr^wo:.
• did well In a cheaper cla<%' O'Hagen cut off: and --In jirar going inosi qf . th« .^ajr. :.
•• Esherln weakly ridden and bumped on. stretehl.turn ; by .winner: . ./ • :....¦ .:r-:"/-: : - ' "¦- -
. A lai'&e . Crowd saw.tfte boxers .^"«i^h
in.'- at.'-.Harfy . <5orbetL's- at B', o'clpck
last night'.- ;• Y6kn& iCorbett' and ,-t "party
bt friends hashed up in hi« : aiiti?nit)Kii«", 1
which be. was.-.driving lUmself. " A3
uftupl. the chatnpion was' iiqt . eniirely,
sure ifiat." lie would .weigii in properly
and he .-was oh hand early' to-.rest his
weight ; .-;' j ' ¦;' ¦ .- •-.-." ¦•¦;- " "• .¦
H.e '.'tested, himself in prj.va.te .first and :
wjte- then jrea'dy.. for '-tli'e" ofliciaf' trial.
When" -,the.} tin\V> •arriv.Qd. arid . Corbett
steppeii • on/ tlie scales, thfr-bar raised
wjth-hiir).. {He" sterwd. off .quickly :an.irl.
SullK % «» wiCs" iftd.t' satisOed. He 'made'
the champion «tjpp "on the. scales again
and tfils .ttfne- "the .weighing 1 ", proved
satisfactory, feulliyau Was .well within
the Wefp^ht." In-'the.ringr Corbett. looked
big and" fat; ¦ .• ¦'"'¦",' " ••'
-' ° The- straight bettjng remaihea atli)
id 2'.' There was, some, even money
'betting tharLCbrbett wou'ld win inside
of fifteen rounds^'.' There was- not much
wagered. .-.. ¦ :•'; • ¦ . ' " ''•• . "
Corbett 'te Kcpb'rted" at 'the "Reqirirrtl
"• ' Xotqii — Betting • IS.-jjigh}.' '*.
THE MEX WEIGJI I.V.
•N^JW-TOtlK, Feb;-2S'.-^Jim Jefffes
and" "Jack Munroe' signed ai"ticles tor
day. to fight for :the .' heavy-weight
champiansh,ip Of. the .world before the
Yosernfte' Athletic Club, San Frahcisio,"
during .the last weeTc in MaS*. vA. purse
of .$25,000 is guaranteed. . •• " *
• The; pur.se- will be divi-ded-, 65! "per
cent'to-the winner and' 35 per cent to
the Joser. -. The stakeholder will-be'
Harry Corbett" of Sari Francisco. Each,
man is to'put up a forfeit of $5000'
and the club also Is'to.' post a: forfeit
of SH&OD: James C. -Ke.nn-edy" Of the.
Yoeemite Club .offered . .520,0*0 first,
but w.Uen -th.is was declined he raised
: his. offeK • to $25,000. Billy- D"etaney
r^p'resented, Jeffries'*) and HarVy Pol
lock spoke for-M.unroei ¦'. ." • ¦.
Eddie Graney of San" Fran.cfsco was
agreed on for referee. . ¦ • *. '. •/
.J. : 1. —— ' • " * • . :|-
breast to brea.at. Corbett doine.the most exe*-'
cutfon. However. Sullivan dr'6ve his right'
twice Into the body 'and. a left kilo, the
place." He rorced Cori>e"*.f n^amsi ' tin; 'roije's
In his (Sullivan's)-tornVr and. gave the'eham
pion as much as he took. It was a grueling,
finish to {He. rpiind.. with bonors even. Cor.b»tt
had the .better of the early part o'f't.he »'ound.
: Rijund f0 .—.They mixed it" again fl.ereely,
excnanglrtg-rights and- lefts "to "tire bodj'. Cor
bett. however, out'fought his "antagonist " a'nd
sa.vj threV blews- -.to- Dave's- one. • SullLvan
iolted the' champion with a - rl^'bt ¦ upperctit
and was 'ordered to di»<?ontinue tioldlne- bjr-"
Heferee qi-aney. Finally- Corbett. Caujjjit Sul-.
livan with a ' bard right- s.Vvlng.'on. ¦ the Jaw '
-.a. left' pn ' the saifie place;' C<?rbett re
ceived a ftrafght left oil th-e Jaw an. he' brQUe
Awj4y" anjd. t^e.y- mJJce'd-.H again viciously.-' jBor""
bett«pJafcU.ng-t-]ght,!.aria i'efx'oh- tlje Jaw.:' Coc
bett- syn.t- SulHva-n." to-Uhb Aoor"ymU a .blow.j
v/>ty :lo'tv;.- * and the -criivd' y=f\lfp: .•'JoU.)." ' "He"
foH6w'cd.'."it:"jv.itli -a.'rightc'ljna i'pfi. oxi iKe. jaw .
•and 'the- bell -ranff: . T+fe foUl,'" wh'He .iinqupsi--:
tionably- denyered- '.vau' plwln/v accliJppfaL-•'
The. Crowjl ¦ Rapt pa'yplllhgr "fouli" a<*the" fend-'
of Ihe round,'.tiut.K&f-oMft Gr'aneji" paid "no atv .,
tenttnn" to :th>..claiih-'pf-'{5.u!|ivan'g,secohd?."-. .
f?tiund'.'ll-^Ih a* m'ix» CarUKt planted twtJ.
tights .oivtr. -the"..-KKlney's. ..: «q swMng "tlire^v
hard r le'Tts*Qh':l>a»-e's. "rH.<!e-nnd- farced-the'llafT J
ter'.to a-clinch.. C<jrb<jt,<-jarred -Su-lUvan • wj.th j
an--?va*lancbe'-: <>f rfgh<sj'and-lpfts on the • jaM- \
and Sulll.van Aplt' b'l.ood.'all ¦oVer'the'rlnK*.". lie-'
ea.\'eti h>tnFelf-.onlj:.''by ellne'hlBg'.-"' Corbett .'fen*
Sulllv<jn"t& tlfe'fleoc-WUh a-. fearfulfrlRlit .and
left gw'Xnf? pnd, aa Sililiyan- came 't0:Wi4 feet,
,t«rbctt: tieat-h.Is jfjtfcfi t'ntof i-.ie'U>v.-tjulHvan
clung Uesf>era.\clV • t.» ¦ fHe . chaiiij>lo'fj-. .••.Cbrb'etf
beat his opponentliJ'nerc'iVe'ssJy -about'Ore Xace
and jaw.'^ flcarly. ¦«en<ilngi him -ttiraueh.' j",hi> "
ropes. T-Re <>rt>w<j ye.l.led. Tflr.'-Grapey to" flop
the cqritest. jthe- -f rts'htnan Wlii^ .-rirac---
Hcally iielpless. -'ilrariey • finaHy.-c'topped.tUe-.'
cowtest" an,d ' kwar-ded-.tbej d"ec!'slob tjj' Carbon.'.
SflHlvan'.««wHHe nof'k'riock^iJ 'qut.t •was libpp-.
lessly aefeat*'d •whe.n.-tTie .'decision wa^gHe'n.
against htm. " •' .-. •'.. .-¦'." ••:'''.¦ - "".V;
The
tee Oi % §^,dQO 'Piu^-Ed'
Graney :%med iRef^ree
A BIG OFFER IS MAliE
•in the. first, cveiit; Little Sfsler burst
i bipod v.essel and.fe'lJ dead opposite the
three agd...a half furlong pole^ >r Btg
Bi'n"-Kndpp escaped any injury. Horses
addicted to the habit; of bleeding" shpnld
,nV)fbe pefmitt'ed tb.«tart. V '-. ' :" * • ' •
' -M.r.. Dingle was bid up "from Jo
$709 '• iiy " Ilaf ry -Ijobinson. The stable
retained tlje hdrse. ' '• / •¦•'....¦..•"
'. Entitles wilh ; close to-day forth© thif
teen stakes of the Harjerrt Jockey. Club,
Chicdgo,;".in.cludin < g -the 5151600. ".Harrem.
national '.handicap., fcfr-.' which" : the
weights Tvifl." be armouncea • March* "29;
also for;the»ten stafcerj to be' run at.th'ie
spring njeetlng^of ;the. : : Kansas- City
Joc-Key Club. •" . .:.":' • .'.'•
'Following are. ttvday'g entries: •" -
" Fif et. race— Five fuFlcngs*; feurt*ear-pld»" and ,
•«lt31 'i^alc t«dy Anfift-(lAcChCterty)...'. ..:.VIO2
' 'rilS* 'Alice- Gariy -(BelU .:.;:.:..: i: OS
"61S1 (ioddeas et Night (Parks). ... .... ...». . .103.
5M2 Cqpt|vate^(^«anchJ'* Co".) ...100
•«>tiH' "Rustic. Girl (Flt-zgeraM) .-....•-. l»5 ¦
• CSS3"Waterpower ."(Stov.er)-.....::^ -.'.«..'.. .105
•'. S .V: Scaforth (Redtnoqd).. >..... :.M02
.6122" *Penlash-. "(Jeuness) . . ... . ' . .- .. . . jV. . . . .v97
'.•¦•Be.c9nd':".raceATKree' -and .a.":'half.. tnrlongi; •
ma'HJe'n't^a-ypir-olds: ptur^«: '• , ..... ,• . • •
•0147 "A-hqurus''CB>; arl) • • ** «•*»• - : -'< • ••'••"•.. :.nO-.
.-¦6159-In?pecX«3r .-Halnm' -(ScHrelberJ. :-.;•...- .113 •
.'...-. *:'.L,ady .: ..:.;: .C-., . .110
-.'. . ••". Yo" El- .tffey^Alcyone.' *. .•• "• ..
' '6150 yelna"(Van-.Gorden)..' v .:>;...,:.s t Y.ll&.
.'if'. Hoollg'a^^JJums &-Waterhouse)..,«.-..-110
."." •¦.-' • . - "fccldie-JAnes-HooIou.'. '. • '. . .'.
6150-LIelifof: bay (Cotiey) .>;... :':',:..:.'..: :\M
! ; COSf "Cardinal^ Sarto ..(Su.mfher8).i.i^...". ...... J09
" TJiJrd :Vac8-i-"Futurity course ; four-y.ear-olds^
"ai»d up} ptirscv- "••".' .-.''•".*¦ • • "•" " ¦•
.6-182. Blacljtharn* (Fink)*. . . .y. . /... ...:.:.».•.: 1 00
' /. . . Extisfijnct (Wolf) i .-...¦. •• J.05.
• ftiSS ()lyjnplan"-(Schl)rrT.'...".*. 1 .v.v..O.,-.^..->r09
532« •Vigocoso.(Appleby),. : : :, . . .". . . .V. ..... . .102
SCkJO Charles (Fins). : ;..,....... i-. . •> . . 100
¦::ciVJi. -.impFomptu (Painter) ....... . : .'.: . 109
> 5C5O Jim iioberih(IIuehes). •.,.;.¦ v.-:.'.10«J
•" 5.TJ R" MolloT " (Shanijon). .-. •*....:. ..•—....-. :.ilO2
vfilSS.Titus (Meek) .. ...... : . .•.;." . . ,,". . . ., % . .iwlO2
-..'C127.Leader. »• • • •'•-"• • • •'"• • • •.•' •.•"• -HO
;'• Fourth '*r.ice-j-On?"' m}lt; * ftfuxr^ear-olds, aad
.'upward ; sblUmr : . ' ¦'. ¦*; . *'• * * ¦'"••.
•6197 ; •fsaBelllta /•iJcNaina'ra.) ...•:..•.-.•".•..... 100
ways ]w4jlihg. tb g'6 v but he '.exhibited
'signs' "of • e*fcr,e'm"e" wiLdnfess and always
¦¦h;it;the,* fopes. when he aimed a punch
; at Attell. • " . • ¦'••¦• '¦ '. : . ; .. !-. .'. •' ;•'; • ••
•TKcr : fight was Slightly in 'favor of
At{e4f [¦when*; the" l£*st round /opened.'
"Then the.** Nome ¦ Jhan •reqovore'd; hinir
self and began to.'land- a. few. wallops;
..He- "jarre'd' 'Attell ••with • severaj nasty
jolts and' swings, b'ut never seemed
abte.tb : follow up his advantages'.. . As
the* -figh t closed . Sanf ranson. sent *in a
•bard i eft- to the jaw. .The re'feree*call
'cd'iX a; draw.and the crowd hissed
loudiy^KffiKKSBSQiraual
•-,..'• •• , • • • •
. Jamaica, -Fort Erie . and. Highland
Park sta.ke- events olose to-day. : . •/• \ '
•'.••"•Caesar- Youns "'did' not lay prices yes
terday. • -. . . : ".' "•*- N * -.
Petfi Ronijgh purchased Searcher "be
fore Vhe. for $60o. ¦..••¦•.•:,. .:' ',..••
Jack Martin was the' only rider 'to
pilot two winners. In the last race he
¦nearly' knocked iJsherin dx>yrr» .on", the."
stretch tutn with Veterano.. ; • v -- '
"•••*; Jerry Roach; "who -rode Rustic -Girl',
friet .with- better success astride /the
, next. favorlJtfe, Ltandsdo'wne. The geLiinp
always; fTiypred. • a'heav.y. • track avnd
closed 4t odds' of 13'to*5 for the. si x>
furiahs.". sprint following. .- Kriapp, ' on
.'Muresca.'beat the. bunch &.\vay frOrti/the'
:barr.{e>,.'but the- fayoritfi gcaduallywofe
.tfb.wft.' the "lead of the Millet* wj'are.-.Vln
.iiing- Cleverly: at the- wir'e" by" a' length'.
Away.poortv,.So.l 'iblchferisteip-Iost the
show tp • Lady; Kern by." Wo lengtH:
•Pfcka\v&yyshowed'e$rly speed, then fell
.back beaten.." ' .'•• " I..".' ' " '.:.- : ¦\" :
'. A : vexy "ordfnarV .dollectibn. Qf .platers
.'lined up '.io the split of the. five dnd a
half -.furlong Tiiimb'eiv lioceQ.wa.s :iij-'
•s.tali¥d.-" favorite . at. 8" to'- 5;j and -after a
.^itotliHg ride on thi '-part of- Jack "Mar
tin '-disposed of the seebrid.. Whol.ce, Bbx
Elder, t>y"a length.- TargeU'e-tkt? a" poor
.twr.a. :".'•• ; ; :.• ... ;- , . .;v '•->•;•••
•' If .tvorth ' $30; tlie • rriile ¦ affair
eertaJnly lpo.ked- a set-up for Mr. PJn
;Cle." '.Opeiiiihg -ai ;twos, the . .che'stnu-t.
hrtxse's- pd'ds were nounded.do.wn to 6 to>
u;"-aTid_thi3 looked a. liberal .quotation,
lie -Ava's' piliitgiJ'by Button, and /after
;.se'ttfn€: away, from the. -post-jjoorly and
: beJTis, .Cut" off- on '.two. of ; . three" pec'a
s/ioji^ • "won •. easily "¦ from Outbu-ifst, a'
12: to. 1 ) shot. .Mr. Farnum 'catne ' next,
¦only* iosing the placo by •&. noee. :Sue
Jon'nspn-.brew "up after ieadin.g -into. the
stretrfi.-. - -. .' •••'¦'"..;¦. ¦ V> •
.* • Potlr CTIjageil. and first, and
second •" oliofees, 1 - respectively, for- the
concluding; rqile and a sixteenth event,
aGqultte'eL themselves nobly, one finish^
ing "fourtV," tiife -other, fifth'. The winner
turned .tip.' in Ve^eraiio;.;. backed down
from.10 to-f^.-.jliewas-sen.t to the front
bh the stretch; tutfi; by Jack Martin and
finished -three; ' lengths . before ' Daisy
Green"' at the -Chickadee, another
Outsider,: Tan third. ". V- ¦ .' :"
: -SoTlvS.OF THE TnAcKT.
; ijorfl '.Watf.sivorih, • a: -cheitnut; .*oit
f rota" tbe | stable-- of Qarnet •'• F^susory
furrrighijd th$. bi-j sui-prise' o'f the rac
ing /at Oakland track . y*ekterdii.y, . On :
the str6rrgth'Vxf-fils.'liTipres^ive Avin over:
M;". ' J-. . D'aiy's dolt '¦ jJudge • last Saturr
day -Celebrant jta's : 'Ioo}ted\ 'upon Ws a.
certainty 'i or.'thfe'Futu'rity course" ?Wi?t
'fp^thfe : e.-year-6lda.' and the/TJooks-were
forc-ed'to- rub the odds, by- d'egreep from
11 to 10" to-3.tb'5> . iiio the: Interim. Lord
•Wads\yc-rth was neglected, his odds re--,
ceding.' to 15. tb 1. .-at Which- figure his
.Owner. bet 5300- acroj?s the ¦board;'* When'
Young. Pepper started, nrnnirig" out. on'
the strfetch ' turn ..Traverse astri'de'.Lftrd
WadsMprth;- toofr the "lead, w.rnnirrg eas
ily at thejudges'stanci from.tted Cros3
Nurse;' "Johnny Daly ro.de" a" f.un>bling
sort of .race" on.. the- favorite- through
the- stretch and after looking a p'rbb--'
able TyirmeY.at one" stage/ ended 'up- in
the sliW.- .The .start.. yvas bad; "both So-'
lanusand'Saufriere being left.- "' .'" •'
Altho.ugh- the" track was very.' heavj-
•and holding, form. was well maintained,
¦favorites .taking half of the purses.' The'
attendance was lip to the ayerag.e,.n.ot»
wUhstandi'ng. tha.t the card wore aveCjf
fluffy look. •'."''• '•• •. '. '• ' •/.'•
. There' was not a formidable array of
racing hardware .in the opening sprint,
ajid as Rustic Qlr\-. looked .'the most,
eligible candidate she- "was- played down
to- 8 to. 5 favoritism. The mare lacked
sp.eed.and ra' n an "indifferent" third.,
jajnes. Nealon-s C'assie-W; .ridden .by
Bohner and 6" to. 1,' won all the- way,
beatfh^ the 3d ta-1 shot. Arrioruna out
five lengths. . . " ¦ "-.' . ! : ' . ." .-
Men Are to Battle: for the
Heayy^eight Cliampiioii-:
. ship .in This City *; in-" Say'
Three .Favorites Run
- Fir^t; Dyer a : Sbwy
¦"¦¦: '¦.'.¦ ;V Track. -^ ¦.•;••.•
MUNROE SIGNS
WITH JEFFRIES
LORD WADSVORTH WINS VERY EASILY
WITH THE BOOKS LAYING 15 TO 1
YOUNG CORBETT STOPS DAVE SULLIVAN IN THE ELEVENTH ROUND
THE -SAN' FRANCISCO CALL," TUESDAY,' MARCH 1, •1904.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM : .CHART;.
Victor -Makes a.v Brilliant .Showing and . Inflicts . 'an Incredible
, ¦¦':. •; ; Amount 'of ;. Punishment : oh : His, Game- . Opponent--- Bout Is
1 ':}; I Fferii2|:rkat)le : fo^tfie Amount ;qf Infighting Done. by; the Two Men
CHAMPION FEATHERWEIGHT OUTPOINTS
THE NEW YORK BOXER IMPRESSIVELY
10
CENTURIES- ©XrB' : -^^j- ¦ :
.. , The disease which has brought /more suffering, degra-';. • . W^> '^^ •
dation and r d«grace. upon the Jhuman' race is tbe same",'.! ?Ss£&g9l
to-day that it "was centuries ago. ' It. is called Contagious ; ; •_^W&§S&£^
.Blood:' Poison,' ¦*' The Bad Disease,", -and-ia given' other '""^^r^^P^^^
names;, but "aniong all nations is regarded* as the blackest
and vilest of "all -huinaa ..diseases. .It.'goes'frpin # T3ad.t6 ..
.v^orse ; -the- little* sores th*it first appear- are sooir -followed* *fl *t\ [¥.f
by '^SJ Iwa. afflicted with blood p^mlud'.^ be.V
groinfi STYell and inflame, a doctors did me no icood, tbonsrh I took their treat-
ted eruption bfeakSOUt on the ment falthfoUy. an fact.lBeomedtOBrrb'w'wcrrs*
"C- A ' *L iSzJLiii *~A ?i,,-«X«.-» llth# wnUe - "" Was disheartened, for it seeined.
body; the- month and throat tnat j WO uld novef-be cured. At the advice of a
become ulcerated, the hair and friend I.then took S. S. S,, and began to improve.
*^« k™tt-o A rn n ««t *l*A «<r1w J continued the medicine, and it cured me com-
eye-brows drop, out, and .Ugly, pietely.bnlldinarnpmv health and increasing my
yellow" blotches make .their appetite. Although this wij ton years aero, I bavo
aronearance' and if the disease n8 T er h » d a » lffn of the dJ«»se to xeturn. ;
every bone, muscle," tissue and- nerve fn the body beconies infected- with the
poison, and from the roots' pf the hair to the soles of ihe -feet there is not a
sound spot anywhere. T/>. cure." this awful contagion
'(iF^(fc^ f^*^ tfie blood must first be purified, and nothing will do
V^^ N^\^^^^\ ' tnis nic . kl y and surely. as*S. S. S., which has been
Nm^J^^V t^^# lepown for* years as "an .antidote, for the poisonous
'^^ tirus of Contagious Blood Poison. "Slorcury and pot-
ash may check it for a time, but it comes back in a*stHl "more, aggravated
form.' S,S. S. is gu-aranteed purely vegetable, and $1,600 js offered for proof
.that it contains a mineral ingredient. Write for our home-treatment book,
and learn all about Contagious Blood Poison and how,to treat it. .Net charge
for medical advice. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA. GAm
•'"¦'. . ¦ ' ¦¦ ¦
ADVURTISEHZNTS.. Old London bridge took the record
time of thirty-three. years to bufld. : K
was begun in 1176 and not completed
till 1209. The present bridge was be-'
gun In 1824 and finished in 1831. It
cost £500,000
• There will be six ra^es the "first day
and peven the seconds "'- ; The • average
purses will be about $100. In some
events the amount will be more and
in others less. - The ofliciai programme
of 'the double event probably will.be
ready this --afternoon.- -The entry list
for the pony races will close on
March 3. * ; :
In ooHhe.ction wUh-.the.. polo.' •event
.there wilf be'tVo d:lys ef.'po'ny racing
at Taiiforan track,, to .'-.tye -held on'
3Iarcli 12 and 14. The "enUy list wilj
not.be confined exclusively ".to", the-
Hfemb'ers of. the California 'Po'riy Rac
ing "Association, but will be "open" to' all
owners af ponies "on- condition" th/it* the
animals b.e ridden by amateur riders
and come' within the size' required by"
the rules of the. association. „-' "'-'•;
• •. T h e'.-.'eo rn i ii g" • po I p '-' m.atcll.t?s : -.f $P ¦ ' t h e •
chfifnp'lo^s.nij? -oit : '.; i H e.- .-Fa.e We :^J.i«i?t; .' 0.
""bA fio\4"at: i0ufiinff.arii/?^qn-.^Iar;cii...lO;:
1.1 • an' d ; 1 3 /, stre- "aftr^ic U"ti g- a ._d e al ¦¦ of at -.
¦•'tent i oh" '.ara'ang: .t-he-'" foiJoAVRr^'.'-of : ::.th'e
ga-tile -.•.aJl; : bveir- t.He^-. BfaC*?. .(.-AlK fh'e
c'racK players wiir be-eijler^d and the
-tournament: "¦¦«;ni-\Whd*Q.o'btedJy." .'prov.fr
one «'f:.'the.'.irn'oyt. exciting/and-closeiy
coriteste.d-ever lield in- this. State. - ••.-."• "¦'¦
1'OiyQ ¦••' Pl.AKKRS -V0y "COSlPJKT.13- ". v--"
. . Antonio. M..' p.;.Yp.azo;:aF41ip{ri6 ; d.e
ipiri'ng". \6" iettle.'ftt- tUis- cduntrv.-.waft
.d<; : r.4ed nii.iiirnlizarion :pa.-p>ts"".a£-.Wask
iufrton last ' \VeVk : -<5rv . j he ynoyeir Brduiid
.th'afVhe -;had no :n^iion»)\iy : ; ip\:.:jr.e^
yiouncc.' . .'" • "'¦¦ ¦ .. : : '^--.; :~\"'.----:- / '- *s '.v*'i* m \
¦ The : thankfuj[". spirit fiad.s: .occasioo.
.for -."gTaii-tude".. for '. . the- '_' smallest" "cdmT
forts.- ": •LipRl.hcott's;. ;Ma^azi'n'£!;. : .'te1rs'
¦t h is" ...A \ ca-fn-p -rn $e i j rjg'.-.was-; 'I tyjproigi
j^^^ r^h(6^aft^nobtt^^^i6ft!vwiR^eo^*
:i'i\fi oice rlt-.;"Q f '.' f> 0"oK../iea-r: n 1 n& • V. ]tte * iopk'.
: w.tia.%-s6eyj£r "State \t :a,m tive.rjewith" td" bB •
minjites o.n' tji'e.'beauty q€ ¦contejitment^
f r ora'-'a-. Clirjsli.a.p*s-.' ppjfjt; oif' .Vie"V\'," -\lie
suddenly 1 'annou.rk'e'd/that : .ne :^as"g6T:
infe ; .i6";Vtfi:TOW; "the- meeting" 1 * -IJis
invi'tatJOn was: • .-• '? If -.you^vo" got.'any
thing to"".be,.thahk-furfor,\git u-^ ana"
say- so.'.' •.¦.One-after-"°anoth.fir'.T.dseIand"
6pb.k« of pdac£.'and."c6ntehtm"ent under
ilfrcurnsta'nces.'that seemed, 'irn possible :
Judged''. Trom . a. -wprldly ."standpoint.;
iSqme sai.d theyl were "thankful .-"for"
things" they -had .missed, and at- la^t
.an old lady '.arose, .pushed back her
sunborinet and, with -a beaming coun
tenance, .triumphantly exclaimed:
"Well. Brother Mose, I hain't got -but
two: teeth, but. thank Cod, they "hit!".
.—New- York Tribune.
ThaitkfUl.for:T'ivd Teeth:
; -The'. room: in. which Napoleon .died is
no\i'"'used'ns a' Rordah Cat.h'-oiic;. chapel
for'.soidiers; .and the ". vestments, worn,
liy -the priests; -in the" celebration -' of
rrias?: .as w^U. as the" altar, plate.yrehe
the.'.Rif i: of Napoleon III. '-. '"'...'I'he'.'princi-;"
pal..rhoraus?hfar.e'.6f .-' -Jatnesto-wm", th-e'
<a.pital}o.f : sil Helena." has. long 1 , borne
.the .:nnm~..oX ' . Napoleon:.: Tsfreet.-T--St. : .
HeJejria.G-uardianr ...;.' ¦¦'.' ¦'. .- '"."".
\a>)blcon's I>ca.th Room.
• '." # W,af#-o"rthe last ¦3p0d>'eSira are-sup
ppigd. 'to hayfe-'-'cost -j6.(H).,;pjj6"qp.o'.'ooo..
•Each-'irnan.' w-h : o- "f aliV'..-oil : " the ..' battle-^
field. •c.6sts-.$ 2 1\Q [to "kill', ktid- the; coun-;
tries'- 'ifX : -fiur^'p.e "to-d-ay. .a.fe pftyfrrg. '. to"
.rhaintain'.en; .^rWe!d'he'utraiity" : . '. \he
Srnall-suiji"."6f'-S.5O .a'-seco'nav.-. .•.•'•; : ; .': y.':
•: ¦" TH e'\a'«t.KpT.i.t*ifis \bfs&Vpjftj'it&wJ!** : i
prize ,- 'of .-;.$ :.i-9-."3 P.-O -" fcj r ; a n ; . a4 rsh.jp ' co rrif
'p.etition'.-_ •-.•:•¦".¦•.'. ¦.'..••''" •' 'O-'i-'r : "?J:V-'-:
t^H^hfeftpp'^^bspe !-.i*ie-- "Vfa4s'. t: -5c'oiiie; from,
!has7 .its; dli!t:y.'.?)^;f}i.rriishing a."
;l JstV o i -ith^rij ? fe; t h%^pubri ci^;. 'jA-;ie^r, mai^
: bAV^-iv^;.;%way^S^t,:^6>-jt;^fn^
ttffia&sl^ £)*}&.; has;:cb.6ip;p;ir^d : : tlifs^iiat
'ipf ::th'e."^'-f^iffsJ-V th'at.jnb^t- fLt>.o'Und'i [:¦ i. '"-•: ,". ¦ '
0 YelWyrVlp jicila-lisrrK}^ •>'- : ' •"; }.^1 ; ..v^ " \\ ' ¦'
AtJtli^i^ uith long names,
Side talks \\Uh ,\
: V. Treat^.pn tsH^
¦iap\e^':^ : : r^' 4'.-:>- 1- :¦:¦¦¦¦ r '•': :X''-.*% - : - •• ; ••-v.'-.'c"-"^
. Dinne ra f or rn pnk&y si- > ...;¦-.: • . ¦¦. > ; : : : .•
The' historical novel.
Bdoks with rough edges., '
i^ujj&e-ribf /^far'^vForid"" :frV ;b!pokS/;'iji^ad'
Qf;:l"pt.efac5..?!.' : ;.;'\Viv-';-:': yyX : . ¦ ,.-".-; ; > '-^it-r
' : : i: ;fi^u.rhe ; d ; i ufctr&xiseisi'./l '.{¦ ':\]':^ >^.'-- :•'¦ .{ :
Burnt wood, . .- ' • - ' • i 1 - . ;
' : ,:-.-' Vis jtiiigy- '^^^^o^^st bjrta,' :'] iiNe">^
: Ami^x:4ri^hlcago;'. '.;- :: - ''k'" •./'.'
)• • i" hie'^lc^g^rbp^walk/ : > : - Z'.: : \' '¦. '-. 'v : ;>,-;
- aithleti^girJ^: :--i/';Vu ; :"j ;;_•='. ;v _¦:..
;.. -°(^iarr)p : Kes.s : e.d'.-f0'ddL-''tabilets:^ i. • - '".. ';• ; - [',::'¦
: ';^h> : .Hp : bre^fa^fad/ : .;o.:;;' -...'; •;.'' "'£¦"'. ;- •',":
•.-¦¦The ;-u.ncoQkedrfoo.d".no.tlon;'. ¦'¦; : : ¦.•!".-•-':.
¦ i- Th e spaked. ra' : w" -w Ji eat. ••er-aize.;.;: i : ; " • •¦
• i-jlie-. "peanut • pure' for ' .irisoijirifa!;.! : . i.;' ;-'v .
•/The ahti-baking-pflw^r^^^
i,! The; midrbbei In- e.yery.thfn.g.V, '.,.'. ;-. .
• By .g. ¦'. stratige". " oversight -. the... cliib
jbrhltted Chicago's ?. .lai^st ' :a d ditto n;-tp
.thl.3. ii^trrthe : ¦.••'nd#bath ! '- : "fad':'ad"yqcated.
hyi; Dx: .'Robertson.' ••¦¦.IJo'we'ver;" /a.s -'.the
¦ Esquimau V-/Jfpr.! ... cejituries-'jiaveV/rJrac^
Viced' ; absXe.nt|.on .iroiri -U'h'e; external, iiise;
ioif ;u'a"ter, ".possibry the- recfirrt. -eniunciii
¦iibn~.pt this : -gospel- is.-' not so nTu'ch -a
fad, -a"s ''.a, ..re"disQ.overy.". ¦¦ : ;N6vv. jtjKfi.t^'ilie;
ts^Yhl^^^^tiojt3X'nntrki^d'li% wilT 'be
jrit.ef'estin^ /to: : knd^. -TyTiaV .t>i.e'." Ityi.ng'
P,irk. Glub" proposes. -to. .do, : a]t)0ut'- themV
The/rtiere.eriurnerationbtthem. is likely.,
ito'.i'ncrease ".their : .p'reyalehce- asfrnakfrr'g
,kh-6w-jj .'to; jfad-rfo.llowe'r's .'-th'e .crjtlre' P.osi- :
¦sijjijlities- ¦;' of ilhe .'.scJiedule -they- have
heretofore tjollowed.ohly in' ; .p.art;. 1 rNe'\V-.
York World:'.;" V" "."'. ' : .'^.' : ' '-••' .-
jA; Ge/rifeus^bfviCads::
;.<lesig-.n"..a'n'd v : sex eat! 'antiquity,.. beioBgin.g'
¦• J.o:'a;.".ciiii-rcJi! "in.. thp:' ti$\Vji <££¦'. C"a.ve, Siriea'f ¦
. : Rom"e; •;whicK".\p-r%v-iplJSl.y-..ifb"rrne"<iL 'pa,rt.
dt ' V;s.o"rne: \ '.fancicnt •¦ .rno.nAjrnerit, "- .' were'
bbugh^ : -t)!y a' iFlot-e.ritfnfe.. agfeht;-r.ecr&ntl-y'
'and', -taken ¦'•%& Ri5»jh<*;. vpFipr --'.to '-'bairig 1
?iflpr)fe.d^ .t'6 : . .an' •• A 'fnerrcan: : .Cif.sH.p'iin'ejf.:
-T,ti'B/^.{aU."Ah'-Gpyerni^epl/d.iscoyered".the"
;"tf6.njfeJiip-lat«(J'-;exi^p'fttat-}QHv"6f''a-.'TCorit of
:pirt'..'iind; seizerd: .thfe'.-'coiurhfis; :• refusing
t'o. ref u*Ad '.-to' ¦.•'the"*.q'n'U'|iuar'1an i :-the.:sum,
GotoitniB.t-.ci,ai. A-d^eTtiserV . • :• •'•-.. '-.. •.;'- '•..'.'. . '¦'¦
Wort? .of \Avi f-Cbiifisicatetl^
.'- "OAKLAND/'-Feb": '^S.-^-Ge.org.e Gaine,:
•'a .yq u : rig'!"rri.echaiilc;- ''pleaded". .guilty. : . : Jto=
;ohar^e"-6f batterjy :-{h.---the" : PoHc?
.'Qoo'rf ; *thjis ; - rHo.r'o"ing.". bb.f- JFad^' isojtiie
iiplanatioVfs"'-. ';wKich-. "eatiSQij." lOPolite
¦jiidg'e-^ •Sa;.rn-u^sy to. .^"orttinUe- -the". : case"
iliritil- "- to- mb'rrqjv ' .before';" parsing . fep.-:
j't'ence..-': •¦ Gafrre.rsaid iris arrest .'had;. beefi-
Ga liaed-'bi? IA.J bor 't'. S .wea^eir,; V(th' wbro.se.
isiste" r,; 'Mrs,- .-Melissa;. D wVer, • Caine! ;had
..b'een. rj.efepingVomi>ar\y..'-'i- : ¦':,^V;":/;' .';•;¦ Vv
."•.I'This: ;ma-n-""sertt-..\rne" i a"'.bulifrt i bK;"hl*
;&iste.'p,'.'- : - sk'i;4 : : C^'rteV-'" rne\.; -to :
srn'eli-.rt," ,and"that I T wo"v»ld' get Anevlike.
¦hkv/' ; .'//¦<"..;. •::"/£ v •••--¦.'•;'••¦:¦ ¦¦':;':'¦: .v.'':, : . : \
:^j?|ai^J^|> t^ry%aft;'^
»Xuies "•¦ijwyef", ,fpj "a" dfyorce..--; " : ...; '•' "•
;. "dajne ' 'rh'efc.-S'weasey'. and- .t.wtt -otliex
. frier? ; : pn.'thQ" street- that' .he
struck :Sweasey arid.pil-ered 3 Vo.-"wihip"
~h'&-:Corii*panlprisCv ••' " • -..- V .1 ;• ;"' ;. *.*.:,: '£• i
George .-.Cairie : Resents" InWrf ei-ence b;
•¦ ¦:¦¦ tlic' Brother. ;bf • .Woman. With;.. •
I. •';' •r\Viiem."ilc\Va's Friendly.- ¦••'.¦"
TIIR ASHES.'. MA.\, VVIIO- " : - • -• .
• - - ¦-"'• : ; , S.KXT" IIIM" A. BUriLET
¦¦¦; OAJ<t'A"^rp',. ; Ffeb."2'9.^-Ari order" was'
•made-by Jiidge-'Ogdeh'.tOrday nlr.thor.iz--'
¦ IMS'\ .tlie : tnking- ' of ¦' the...-d?p.Qsitlo.ris- p'f '•
;Mrsl.--'VKa : th'e"r'ine . ..jraurer." ksid 'ilBejdC-
Maurpr.'.of Ga-ttaraugus. <ipunt>v'N.-. Y.,
Vvihom-V Mrs." Alice.- C'.' -iVIaareF ; of " thTs
city 'say's.-jtre Vthe. legal .wife" arid "c'jiii.d
'of Ja'jn.es -^.I..'-.Miaur»ir, ; whom s.he" is. -now •
siiirjg 1 ': -ion' -.'n.n'riijl-fneTit. -;'.of •..'rnajrriage, ...
.qhargingr- th^.'t."Hje.'."is.-.a hijEfarh'ist. .-.;.'•.: : ! ".-'
i ; " Iti; fi'er. -c o mpl ai nt f b e }p la.i rit i fC • s ta.ies;
-that: •she ¦marxIe-d-:Matirer.-."ata6ot. a'.-year 1
¦a go "A n rEe^h nsy-j.va.ijjfiy ' .. 's rr>'ce."..t h e.n"..'-sjie"|
has- 'J-earnedV-thq t" ;he : ¦h.as'- a Mite', and "
i^rbiyiv-sp'n •JjVfpgiji/.-th.e." $.tate..6fe N'ei\>v.
•^p.rki ;v ';^iaiirer\. lig : ajt" ; p.r*eiei*t; '-.lrt \ii»>ft.
¦itioiisi : pp':iti$tti$r/£n&^
prby.$ : ti*iv sz&e.'.'/t '¦/•;'• •¦;v- : "' ""';¦': ¦¦¦'.'\S; >/i.".".*i }\"
Mrs," AUcc".3fa»rcr "Alleges -irc'r Bct-
W ; tri- ilalf • lias. Another- Wife in ' ;
\ .¦•¦-•^ : . •'. ¦¦=¦'¦ :*•'/• NcU'..."York.' : . •¦.."• • :¦¦'/¦'
SAYS HUSBAXD, IS ' . . ". :" ;
>. i / ; '. -GUILTY OF. BIGAMY
¦..A- conference -committee, from, the
piailcjand Building Trades. Ctfuncir an-d
•the" Aiameda Federated \Trades' Will' .be
Jteld to-morrow: wfth, the. vievy: .to^. set-'
tlitig ithe strike now' oii - hetwreien" the.
Iionpsjib'rernen'iB .Union, and the Lurh
btF.deriaf- Union;... ."-*". •¦"-:>¦.-;- . . . .':
; \ "¦¦¦A*at:a^t ; 't.hairs;--.c.a:U5f"d;:-t»j< death:;.Aitd;
resignaijori: : th.e---.T^pp^.
tfrapMcal Union Sunday by the elec
tion of W. V J. French -as. president an.d
H. M. AJexinder as delegate to the
;l^bpr:C9u:ncii;-,.v?
;tHe>^ppflsiti'pin.":6f..."tb"ei.-;u-nJ'p"n-. |rpak'ing^-!a.";
!pf : the..uri:i6n^ ;rn'femi)ei?:'';':¥he".icoraknii.f-:.
suttabie resolutions :;..fn .rn^rnory .."of -".the
; J.ast : .pi*esid.erit; \V>- ;W>' .- jGopelarid, ; -.will
report; sot the vnext !xneeting..-'..'- '.-' ".-'; /! ; ; - :.} ; V
ttaikJ&^iainfex&tii^WlJl.ife: received
ijyvj;. K;.lJoy.le,:JBd J...C).
iWalsh. WJIliarn Pv ;De!aney a nd .Fred
.-ericici Rubv. .. autViprized ; for .this" .purv
f>x>f$is- by' .:t ; he:. .San -..Francisco' L.abpr
.-;¦". '-- : "'¦.¦.:.-.: : '¦¦¦.'¦ ¦¦''!:-'.J '-''¦.' ':'¦'- '¦*'¦. :¦.'¦¦.
Wi.Ga.^y'r^rs' l*ru.6n."-"jC^V:
"atviis;^ list- :^nf et |jng> . -.tipt ;. io! ;..-^e;:;!'.d'ffltJfh;
fntp^the.: •;h'o\i r .'-'fi^iH.S'. : ?!itiV&S-;.
.t^feaVvth'e/^t-Vtf^^
PaiT»lers > : t*jitori; : and- their district
;coajK|l:-Tli >>; : is^ii'f ;: lir«' twee riui he^e" if xro
•^qdi^'sv'in'u's't, ."be;- dpeid^"^^^^^^^..^^^^^!*
ot'ih^. .unioris.i'irnjvti.! alf-.d wUh.out! the
ttioral iu ip.pGTt "<if! %\\e Ci^rjp^ritersH-Th^;
; s..ta
instructions fro.m the headquarter? of
the Brotherhood of Carpenters and
:Jflinp"rfl'.oT:-Ara.eri^3-^"V!- : \'!.-. r --v'"->'-'^----"v-V*'?? e 'T£
Vsy st em ; of the- : Souther^^Pacifl c
'-.-CpnjpaJnjV.'-..- .which .'¦ : w.a3.."3nau^rate<l
-3imra;a'3r "': AlierojoQn] '¦¦ -aind,; ¦ tpr/r \k- ":¦ i iin«.
¦waii . ¦ ex pecteA'. i&. deyelb.p^ititD a serioiis
: kCalr,.;€hded '¦.tuddenl Y ¦. ye's'terd ay ¦• f qr.e-
AOfl^,'; if ter a . cpniereiice. ¦ at . the railr"
: rba.ii :. tjufldlhg: ¦betweert ".4'. : committee,
.-from.-'th'e ;';Bpl]Ler^j^'ers;""-.}C'nIo^./a'rtd-"-;ij.'
; j-.; ¦ •'.SJt»lI, '"¦¦ ;^enerai v sup<eriniendent:; o.f
¦robtor power: cf the cornpiiny: * IHasted
the-.*taet' eohdUlona : .ot- which neither
•sid.e: treujd state. ; It was •learned.r.fco wy
¦.e.Ter ; , : ..tjiat tlie cornpany- agr>e'd to meet
.',Qxe .int.cn; jiklf: .their! ."demands-, by
-"sran.ting:. a. Tyagje schedule .to? 40: e'erits
•an.fcpjir, aijd thelatterprprnised to rer
imii^$ff;'V(tft^i . immed iateiy- ¦ ; Slany; ! of
;ihe-.,;nieii in : "' the' nearby .shops, Avhcr
iJBffl^.^i^.;h*iiml|!'\h^lM.V^'.sttt4^^tj^'^
m^jrti reported for work after ithe nopn
;f»pup,.^nd the others -were instructed t();
¦go '."-. -bati-k:' tpi work this morning. ..The
-piimijilttee from the union and T the
rkllroad; represejitatlycs will meet af aiii;
ilo^flay ;f or the purpose of formulattrig
Vajid-.isl piling a new agreement/. ¦.."•;:,v"o- --"-:- :
'."' : j\!tiiile;'H. J^; Small was : . busily ;'^en-- ;
jfea'gre'd-i". wltti! the! bo.ilermakcrs. .a.:<xim. v !
¦^f tte* f rbm. the /errgrineers . was : awai t
;.fc"5---;.trt-..''.cpnfejr /ycitti:!;hTrn . relative: toVa
;rieadju £ttneh;t.. ; ©fi^heir ¦ wage sc'hed.iiie
-afri^J ¦ ¦ other ; pffelOaooiJ'" ! It was \-^.ated':
represehta'Uy J e .of .- th«( e.ngl.neef.8'
i.that .ho •" material .'advance . was .' being
TPCKisrht andi that "the gTi^yanc^ w^re of
iTnportaiK?e v " ;-.;,-. •'.;'•; ¦.¦• : :
>'K\V FEDEItATIQN" JS FORMED.
.V;At t^
; i"Q^^'--^fnt-e^.Vf :^.^^^/W^J^i^H
Hftc- {¦¦iji.'ia *t: -i^FV^eralirvii.: -;oif •/ .'Paih.te : r^.^
: ©reorM
•;'potii^d;Ct^^eT;i^f1>e : i5Sta-t§- iiawsofi <3aU-i
;ffl^iS; -^Th
, ¦ ?lj|^fina(6^ - r?riir.da;co '.f.adt-i^n jpsue*!
¦-. 1 Ylzitit-iix? ."ii«»-.*;by ¦¦^ii"f;i'ihaji- : i;-fa.e;tio-nV'.a«-. :
¦¦f<ii!oTA-5 : * A!'*r* \> .11.1 ,Fol<?rta . 'c"iftw»lttfe<e :<>f ;
a Finulir r.ir:>iJ>»r; these com.mittee^ to
-.fel.f^t ;: ii^y »;n> hv 'whfi^ i^ io ire :^itra"JSfa^
: :.:
'¦¦ !:'.?. - r • > : r. rr. ; -. t •- •-¦. t ¦ i : iiivirgi ifi'si-e.' :a'.nd ' • t'f y[
'irrikyjirit.-f'js':'¦ nd-w peBdth-fr. : ::The.; 'doc'i-FLbn:
;ijs -r. t.<» b-iRiS'rj-a: t-afroili :paTti*>S:'.' . ¦¦•. :
'.' < • :hn;ri ;!30 : fti ; ::paTri : t^rs ;.p;gh^>l '-\th>*-. : .
Voll of thf i:ew federatiqrt.
% 3 r v.-p.j. il.». v'od at .thii* mpotintr' that
>'n^ •-Iif ib aV)fi;u ; a.l; r»all: .jo£ fho 'brother^
¦htfto, ft \; Will :T hIj <>; Jvia c>^at-.E 1. ri (racii t t^
pri'.^ftlurday r^¦.pnulJ^. :'A^>rji.'.:23: :¦
: -<f^if'I ; E>TT\i:Kfe.'ST;v^: : :,At^
: These rates. are." 30 fcents'for each lftOO
gallons -".to "the .general-" rrubjic.. -and -15
cents .Jfor each- 1000 -gallons used by. the
city f6r Ktreet sprinkling", schools," parks
and sewer fhish4rig. v The minimum
"monthly- b.llf for" private .consumers Is
$lj'wi"th- a rental o.f $1 a'm'onth fof each
"fire hydrant and" sewer flushing tank/
. The City- -Trustees .'that voted for the
passage of the ".water rate- ordinance
\yer6.Jl.R- Forderer.B. E. Combs; W.
M.. Bowers and Pr. H. AL Pond. .Trus
tee Q. J. Hammond was absent .because
of -illness. ;•" ¦-. " ;¦ -
.In asking for an increase in the rates
'.Manager Morris said:. • : . " • ' .
I. am -h?re to '. request • that you-<sive us »
I Httle. raise, which I Relieve we are entitled
-to.- We are.-' going behind Instead of increasing
¦our .profits and- I think the city should pay us
'the same for" Its -water 'as private consumers
ao. It wouUVrnean -onty about $3000 "-a year
-•more-.tq Alaroeda.- .'The-- cltjr would not- feel
thf>.loss-pf that -riluch' and It* would be a-con
siderable'. gain to us. Our business is'-so emal.l
¦Jierc that' the" tomDa-ny has no show. "
".'. Presideh.t i^orderer ' in '.¦-'• replying • :to
•.Morris said' that .'ail .of the; City Trus - :
..tee.s"-wore.agfeed that no r.aise s-hbuld'.be.
made -this year. ' . .- • .. '.- . '• ;..' -..: .
i ALAMEpA, • Feb." 29.:— The' -.Ci.ty'/Trus- ;
tees' to-nighf-'cefused/.-to" 'grant .the- "rev-
Quest of- l5a;via- Morris, -.the local*man
ajger.df "tha':Contra-Costa-Water.Co'rh
pahy^'that-the "cbfporatidn" "be given an
¦increase- -irj ;"lts" Alamed*- rates, -and
passed in prdlnahce 1 - fixing the 'rates for"
•wafer-. ;to. -private. - : consumers and the
munjclpan.ty at-.the same; as. those/how
in:foFce."' .' ' •', - ;* '*'; ; ''' '";¦'.'
¦¦;¦¦ :H i>tU-:"ra"pj!C:" : pTi*;inl.le; selUnrg-^Al^rt/Hrni-ight'.''
IflT-' (JtOhnssonl; '.30" 'to :ll' •'Wi>n: *I.ijViwelsi?av.'-*1.03.
XMBUiit«lij)v--;-5 "¦' tb. : 2,~. : tfetorvi"j--arajf »\Wxon. .107'
cTv: : 'uo*i*y, ;:i-<o' <."¦; t-^rta,, :-T.im^..i".: •»*•.¦-. •piea..;
Sijy^r',0r. .".^T,- : Rp^i.flian, 'Tuftfe.-.'Sfcf jyap '/ an'J
•, I . : -;O.;: '•- J "^ >:•'•. V.
¦•¦: Fifth : ra>-f, ¦fl:mv.i;i ¦» ;^S v ino.n.-'-lI-.5",V\ii-F
'dcbrandV, .'4 ¦'• : to-"."J^ : yi:ojj: ¦^irns'a']".M0iJLanTVjitfr) i ;
:30 -ib-l;--s^Dhdv"MflUM-y;:' i Vi V>i:iiP?).-^)',-.ta-.l;.
AjiTcdr"." -Tiipf;.-; : -lil"l- 1| -j%-'-.'*l:;idrefl.' '.-SlacFhefkno^.
JC^rffwesl'l'top. ,: Miicaii,-'-- SaJiieV ..Goii<lwin;«.->4QtiP
'^Ci'gJiftV: ; j"afjfte<C Jim"; agVgnAtir .Stid-.ferfssrGross:
iaOs.o'.'.rap;".-:' :. ;- : •• ". ¦-'.;¦ ¦;.V : »-'I. : . *"•""• --.- A'-' -.V.vV.. ¦
¦ ¦¦; ¦'. F-itirth ; • faV-.fr-. - '¦-crtie : :njl'tf : :'anil . Isf.vent-y- " vSrd* : ,
*f-li'Jnif<^MPZ>'./, ;Oi ¦(•[l t I(lebVart.<I).. ; -"- Cp: 6/ Si'rfn:
Kir.i^i^-r; .I.1C1. y -i : J :¦'¦¦: ¦l>:>)]i'.«>rXi.,: } X-.y-it>: -I.- Sftrtnd-;
i; id;;.; ; J.ii' nry : > -lay • Jt>;e"ao'(l. . IJiipp'rit. ilsa-i-aiH; .-• \
r\ rrhir.'d-"i-a<j*',: ' ftv.e r -Jurl&ng's • -purs?— Ameffeaja'd'
ipi-j.Hn3ebrkTid);'-'0'.:to
.ii •W^tnieHy.)""-.1V.,.to'. .-20; -^rpri'd.-..-'. J?ervajqr,""{ 301'
..tM&uijtafn);. 1 " : ?^. tq.-i-; •ftird.-;- Time; "lVctf. "-'E-u'-"
psrile -!.JJ>. v Uii.ysf u};.-. H-epcufea -iAnd " ;Re.y.6.U- ;-al?a :
. taii>' • ¦¦¦ Arfi? sicJa ti <?-, a n'd" .'6ru iijl il c 5 • ;c>j'Util>sJV;.."; v '.V-.r':;
•' .'The;,|ast . rac'e- .^'fnt'.tp" a. Johg.'.shb.t,
;Albe;rt-;- ; EjQrtght/: ;."a".t : 30 ; ip.: X, SwmnJnjj'.
.froqi- ':l;Q'uwelse.i,.'."; while .theVfayoritfej
Majqr. BXx'oxi,'.. qff.. ' i)Jadly, : ".; \\is . 'thiird. •
Summary.:". ••.:'.•.-¦ "V-. -. -.•.' ".: ¦; : .'. : -"- ¦¦'.. ."••.
• First . ractv fcnir." .furlorig*. • rsinn'fii^-PegKy.
.Mljif ,•.;!© ¦ Stififterjiy,- 4'..<o J.":\vcfn;JIUona,. 0(5
. (H>J<}«>bra"ni'ix. • T •tff'&,"- second;.! i'irelj^," " UKl
(UlCuntfiin). .WtoVt/'tnird.."-- Time,--:J49- ... MUltfr"
and;j{"rb.wn Ktfid.v-.' ?lso .-ran. :¦¦'¦••':.• .- "'"::•.¦'. ... "."
'.'-, stcbn"d..-rgce ; .'^»"3t > :Iurlotiff*.-X*.elUiig^C6lpner
DoFej-;-.l{f<>.".<.'?:. .Miiin>hS-> v - 7 to 2,Vw(jflt." Me>la- ;
•"katki, 1 t>T." cHj-ldehJ-anjJ)'.- • fl- to" 1, secdrrf-;". Durbsj r/
B»*-<*!." : -Bopk*r)",:.2.o;f6".;i; -thicd:- :T}n\e, ¦ Vil"5
¦E>a"rKin; -Sna'-. Eva -D'lftl^fa'-riari.-." =' .'¦.-• '.'•• :'". ¦ :\
. Ei " J; ; lBal.d%vMn'3-..en.t,ry", ... Americano"
and were die". w'eH-Rlayed £»'->
vorites! '.i>i- ihe .thii'd: ArnerJcano.^wo'n;
easily". by= thre,e lengths; !.CruzadOs'-'^ei:^
o.nd t vl^en,;atar/thirdl "..': ' ' ".. .•;..•¦.
¦ VMezzo.^prohib.itiye favorite .at..?, to f> :
Avph..by ;ha1f:"a length" -from" Siraggler;.
an; . cutsfd^r, - ;PJatbnius''- ¦g.e.ttiils'.-.tne
shpw.:-.;- ':-.''¦ *¦:;.'¦ -i>,\ : .. : --.'•.. . \] ':/ :'/.¦ ¦.¦"':';.
. .' Farmer ;yiJim,"-.'*rl/ : .his- : Jasjt-.: : race, '\i\ v a.s
ibackfd ..-•: t.o.. : Vin"".; t.he. -fifth;' -but' Na
nevni ..at " 4 . t.o : L. :we.l.lrrid4en!'.by -.ii.i.ld'er
brandi : did " ; tK?. tridk,' Maresa and Mili-
Uuty/ getting' second an<l .third; money
.respecti-yely/1..^ ''\.--'y^"[.} : ' : : : ;:' : - : :..;'-;-.
;;.;.L,Q ; S.:: .AKGl^tjEB; : -Fob; : • ;29 i4L.h,dieist
'day.-br;^
Ascoj-.to-dky.ah^ithe •¦^' t: M*^' : -'V®f l: ,-^?"
:-iy-':.Gnli"^ 'tiy'o; i favorites ; re\\;af ded vtlieir
;b'ackersiV >.*"•.¦¦'• : .-V ! .":v.. : '/'-;. \>'.'ii .'-'/v'.v": :.'.¦''• ¦;¦'.'.
; : V^yX^e\t^.o^yenr^-Ji^ ¦ " firsit
: pfr : :the; ¦ ¦&**¦<}, ..liliqna ; b.acK.ei] l " at"
:^iiTpY^*tt'"\ta^e^^fl money. ' -Melar.-was
rjjctfrrd {choice,' pTayed* f^orri -3 -.down -to"
iL.t.q.ii.VPeggyrJiiiie.-at;! tb 1, wo.ri'an
]the. way, : Hii9iJa-'g.eittlhg ujp". -1h. time lo
"g«'t : .:th'e "place- :fr/cfm-.Pirelfa.,aJ 30; tp \.
,'i Darpin'.-;was- • ftea'yi.iy- : played.'." -by. -the"
ialeht . ttj -win-' tjhc seco.rid.' - "raee, •'birt.
•wheeled- as the barrier -went up'and
was • nf ac.tlca'ily- left-' at ...the ¦jpps't. . Rlet^
lakatia. led until .'cppo'sLte.the- paiidfock,
when "CoXott'ei Po^y-paniefwith a 'r.usii.
•arid ... Won", .by half, .a..." length, : Durbar
thiTd. : "i/; •Vv-.. v ;- : -•: "•¦¦¦•':.¦•¦".¦.' '¦: ¦.''¦'¦'¦'¦¦.¦
:, Mr,. Harri'so-n -scouted. -th« idea ;6f
ain-Iversai ; p.eace'.so eloquently" jidv.Oca ted
by. : Mr:."- peering;.." -Pe^ce "an ;. earth ;is
Impossi.ble^he said, because" all.' nature"
¦is- corisiarit 1> : -at. -war, arrd. rrt.an'-- is.. ,a
-part .of ¦nature. / .^V'ar has. an. drdained
purpose- .ih'.the. scheme of. hitrma'-n-- iifd,
jhe": speaker ."toil tended,.: else, the .Great
Mister -of -ftlie : universe:' would " : haye
fi.ls lattenfion .to. jaw ;an;d lawyers',. Mr.
Harriscm'deolared: that. most- bad jaws
are :mad<i'.byIawye'rsJ ''LaW^'he said,
.•''is.\;rner<?ly\a -legalized term' for ;cus-
torn and-. custom .Is'.tnade;; by riayitien.^
Her opined ,alsd. that. lawyers, have, less
r^al- rJespfect' -far : ia[W .-.tha'aCisf sho\vri .by';
laymen-, V.*- /¦.':-.¦ •¦••¦¦.¦••,'• •¦'. "v- : -V. C<
f;- : ;Th"ie''^p.eak^f"*aW;vh.e;3tod;."fie^'d^
.y.Vr'sVyyho^/^'ere:ari : : y:qi0 ;^nA:^.
: :h;eia;rd:them;^tu^d;io\^V'^f^
iaJivjrSi'rs,"^ though- he^ could :iip^und^?^"
-s tarid ¦ In ow- a : so ijn d 1 aiyyef- .could bfe^all
•;hoJl^r.^ : ; : {ihffseVera:i stories
Ulustritiy^. Dtvpec^ilarrties of the. legal
pt-pf^esslon Ju^geHantsblmenTy assured
his-; Hearers-; that./.: tfiey ; • ri'eed, \t»6t :*6
afrald-th'e profS^i»;wttfcper^|^ ;^riift
iaVj-er -Is; HeVeJ.ta^ stay -as. "long. r
¦.th.e'fcb-njf<>rt"i7is:^ conjclusibn;: "and- when.
one; jof • hiiri ;<iie;s thiq epitaph ..niighr be
inscribed. .u.pQn, his .imonurrientL: \\njbi
a"riy» a : rid 'f orget.his .vices-Mf ;\ye CaW";
¦^•TKen.Vth.G ; that;; Ti.
i^t^suii:^. Ukfrpa'^W^^iVpontest^vin^
$$
jusirastt^icito -Wt
p|rt}^^Naw;J^a^.^a';t^iev&t^id$^
EI'ITAPIl TOR IWVWVEft,S.
i ,h/ .'Lri^v And C-'l^a "\iyep»;'*- ; :;a"o^'-.V^H^'. : "HV
: :t^Je^ :^a3jnian;^^^
nutJCrn ".of grrssles:ai?d roars, Xo nw?rvo
¦Ib^i^ti eyep; 6tP<>oV -uppxi :the^ .Qxpheilni.
-it&jze. iand^^(ieJiy^e^suth^^fea^iyioTj:
; his - ityhiat; :a t: ; Vt):& ',. frp pxe^ia ; tlye^ : :iba]ni¥.
¦^ueteors-f / 1 i is witti^^^vKai^ .^h^Cii^fitTi;
:e^^i^i^i : ity. : ;a7idyW& ; :d^y; ; r^
¦ysLXiTlQiung '^liLetn^^i^di mueh-vto i
-their effectiveness. "J( I over <iuF:tpe
ii hg-.k : Ju<iige± X'Al; st^id y} tq ibe^a ; 1^ wy e&"
o*ja»Vp.n>_ of hisipi^ttte^AndJt-was^Jnt
moaiately followed by -an opinioivjthat:
"the lawyer is not such, an inferior
itftiififpBvpf ffr%e&£'&&finu 'fteo Vi^:th6.'
Jruid&et" ;th<^ '-iury^'the' jothe^. -^dfe : "«hd:
himsejf/'
; . i. in ; civ.n '.cJisea,. 'hpiVeyer,;' "q.ue.stiops.-.bt
]of/ Jiymferi: Ar^ta^k^d'Xo^by.; la^-yef s iwha
ynpuJta"- siot. jakre; .to- jiiad?es§ : :^UGh;;ilrgU"i
Tnents ,lo :;a : :^ury ; ; 6$ \ law'yfer;s/; ;?Fdf : :,thii't;
Tea9on.Vq5ie'siio*i«: of;- la^ ; . purely -ish^tird;
iy^ : . radjudJcsted- ¦-.^^by^exj^rts .in Ja^.-aiiti"
.to'-ttiak* the: Judges fearless and expert
they •&h&uldbe-.glv«n:long . terrria- and
<Hjt^ -'flivipffKftiCp'.-/ ;?ind;vtha.t; : can : ;<in"l y^tue^
done by pi«icl^j* th"<nn Tjpyond t"he
ivs^ssltjr- of} ;:;TOinglinfe^M.;-peTitifc^ii^;
. ¦ : "The'. Adyahtagejs -land Defects': of ; th.e. :
llez-apr
'51 rp vpd.t he: eh ils t me h t ; of-, t H e p r p ye r bi al
''Xy^lSy m^n : ' aud, jtituft-'!,; ;. the
j^.tirfal Vo{)crlminai -cafefesv
}^i)i£efe£e^Jicfc .^trlayrheft irv/the./ hfejaririg
{" Af ; piyiJ ;^se$iYTtf ihe iiiry.. syst&in^taii.
|'be;."tya;c^d ¦';' : 1^'atly.vjre.forn^'.;;-jh'--;_icnmlpar
: -*;aXdV-''.'Th'e;i : ia->y;..fii&t : pre>seribedt
|.d.ieith.-for\th : e;wpm;a.h^ \vho^.s.t"6'le']iT;^a.'d;-.to :
!. fprhofed. ;h^ ; ti»6''*0.m^n ; .»5iisle;;a'n"d/^u%
j .in^ii jxistiee -ot Juries,: ,as: juries, ol ioy ;
;4^;-fln^the,l^-;^heh;lt.tbnhicts.;\vU.b
¦advanced. fiTimanity;. -;; : - . : . ; : ;¦¦¦'': ''¦;¦¦[• /}.'y--\
i; .Mr. :.Di?cfing's. subject was ."ititefha^.
lii&riat ;-A.rbl]tT'^ipn. : ;ati^';tte^-TTib;wrial t "it
]¦ The /Hague,," and • he - firofesse'd to • see.
»fl^"i^*ifif'^3^" : 't^it^t<^ire3'fl^Dr'*
Verbal /EubstitutiQh' of .qaJrh" argument
j. <Hhg; : differences <betw'een ; -niations^': The
: fatjt; that iWenty^five countries, have
•¦j.'ado 'pfed The Hague, tribunal as a coiii.r
mon: T.oui't 'is. ojrie of .theise Signs,' and.it
is -hoi. b:e:dinjm<?d by", the.smoke .of battle
in the. p^rl^nt; ;he . said, .. Irl' .the." riot- far.
aigj^dtj/fatitr&Xth^^aj^hineJ guns; Sviu
] haye; been . wolrked " Jpyec ..in to ' .gfai.il
threshers . and: -other, implements, -of
peaces-'-: ':. \ . ; .;"rV-'-'.:"^ '..- : -V : . "¦ "\-'\ ';/'¦
.|>V . : ''Law^ -& rid-^stw-jrer^^yrsis, t pe.^eiieirsl
.lopfe Jot^is^tL^im'^i-'-^tlnfi^^pxiBiv^Pi;
;<Club"s pinner Jast;^e^lri^^ ; thie -ro^rns.;
I of :the •Mercb.ants* jQIufc 'and. iije^Spdffiir
|:;era ;:: viere^At txirney V-J^rink;. P^"l>ee;rtnig;
iand;vP^t^fr^/v.i3^hnev^
j son,.: ithe latte^r^gerifjejrlatt' taking the^
¦ "t?re'$ideict. I^aiils . L;isser : thtrflduoed -the'
f taikersi. • •;¦-•-¦ •';¦¦•.;'... -.'¦": : :: . '¦'¦' ',": " --V '¦¦. :¦ V.-r
• v ; -yOaKian(3.Crfflce. S.an-. Francisco" Call,
.<- : r~vV:-"; : "'V •^ 1 ? " proidvyay', • --Feb; ; 29, '-f
• •:. !TJic -design •> fp'r .the. • Al(frrieda. : " fcnd.
•Contra- £ostd counties' exhibits "at -the 1
-St.; J^ouis.r.Falr, ".prepared by. Cdrhrrii*-":
s4oner,".W.-H. c> .W.eIlt)y-e. of theVAlamfeda
County'. Cofnmifesi'on, .were "appvbvfed"
this' ihor'nijrK. by the "Board" of " Super-'
:Vjsprg, :and';Corprtilssipner. Wellbye' will
"s.tart-.for "St. "Louis- next week" to su-.:
¦ perintend- the' erection of the booth '-in.
..\yhich'.the exhibit, of.- the two counties,
.will be displayed- .All the-parts; of the
.Structure, fhe stands, column's' and fa
cades, were made' here, and'svlH be;
freighted east In sections.- . •
• T.he •Commissioners have appointed "'
•Webb N.'Pearce custqdiaii of the Ala-'
meda County -exhibit' at St. Louis, and.
this.-iriprriin& the Appointment was rat-.
1 fled -by the -B.oar'a af . Supervisors.
Webb" N." ;Pearce -.was formerly- secre'r
•la'ry -pf .the Merchants' Exchange and
".is -we'll qualified to care- for the county's
exhibit -at the" exposition. Mr. -Pearce
will, leave far the Ea&t at- the. .tibie.that
the • •first "of the : exhibit -is
•sh.ipp.e.d. '•¦ • '•" '. . : - -' " - ¦
Eipfiil I e § u te; -in ¦¦ j j>e
* ficit • . 'Titste'ail of "--AVlPro-fit-
1 'a i n 1 ers I'eMilts in Form
ing 1 of New Organization
Hilona. a Strong Choice, Is
Beaten by Peggy -3IilH}, and
Drtrgin. Stops at the Post
Delivers a Monologue. That
Serves to Keep life Hearers
in a Gale of Laughter
:8p|SS|^^lo®ciffi:
mmm m akes-^dd&esS
mmwmmss^msmiMO
mm? "MmMjm&M&
Alanieda: V Trustees Sefuse
: J6;; Grant • Request : for : an
inci'ease : of .Waiter • Rate
Souliieju Pacific Meets Its
Men H.-ilfWnyiiL Their De
mands for Increase of .Pay
Design fdi; Alameda County
\ ijfeoqt 1i • at" JFair Is
¦¦' : Accel>&(t '/.'by.: ; ifelie Board
JUDGE- HOST POKES FUX
and Lawyers" Dis
cussed at a Dinner by 3fenir
licrs of the ; Profession
DENY CONTRA
COSTA'S APPEAL
BOILERMAKERS'
STRIKE IS OFF
SUPERVISORS
APPROVE PLAN
CROWDS ATTEND
ON LADIES' DAY
LEGAL LIGHTS
TALK AT TABLE
mg -SAN : FRANCISCO • CALLV TUESDAY,- (MARCH .-"' % 1904: :
11
-' .. ¦' " •" • ORDER FOR THE'-' " " • ' •' .'• '
MApTWENTiETH GENTM COOK B&OK.
• : ." . ' " MaH ThjtB Order to- The San rranelaco Call WiU» 750. • " ' • •
i \ The Sari "Francisco" Call, ' . - . ;'. . ". .. ' • •" •'¦.'"
"."..• ' San -.Francisco, CaL: ••.""• '. ..'" ..." • . .... •' •
"Inclosed herewith prea.se find 7Sc 4 fpr which send me out "
copy of The Call's Gr<eat " Twentieth Century Cook Book. ( Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to" aH its" six-month "subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sun day '."paper, and the", additional- 25c is - '
to prepay shipping charges.) . .. . .".."* = ¦ ..,",-
. siGNEr .....:;...... -.,..-. v .. •.•.... ¦;._.'.;, ......v.:. ..:.....;.,
STREET ...;..„ ...."... ...V.......V..i..:..
city ..;.;.._.......... ;..l ; .'„'....'...'.. .....:.....,...;.^
STATE . ............:............ ...... < : '-. ..'... ..'.!.*. ...';..,.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
SHou-M knoyy. that perfect ,<liges" :
.iiqn anJ. assimiiatioriof the food,
is 'th c first essential' to 'the putting
.on .of solid '¦ flesh'.. Persons, who
have, a. weak: stomach and suffer
from Dyspepsia, Indigestion .and
Constipation arc alxvaj's thin, be-
cause, they fail to' derive proper
nourishment from their food. Try
Ilostetter's Stomach Bitters at
once.- It will strengthen the stom-
ach,' perfect digestion and build
up firm, solid flesh. It never fails.
THIN FOLKS
I B III I . I Vkllv
ADYEETlS^MENTS.
' ; RAILWAY TBAVEX. . .
• ' ¦ l^jBa /M ¦¦" •¦- ¦'•• : -
... IIbisB v^r . " • "¦' '" •'•
< - J i*Bfl*j*^*j**i**r*j',^iayp-^**^ M gf | i^ r^^^u^i 1 1 |****J
i: CALIFORNIA • : / I
LIMITED TO CHJCACO §
LEAVES DAILY. ' — V-''" ¦
'¦ ' at J) ::{6 «u m, tiroug-h. In- 3 days, 9
. ".with diner and. all trappiny«. * ; " a
f^^^y*^***fl^*g*JBJ*J^J^^W^^- T1 l| .
• ' " •* • ."Otier Santa- ?.• * TrainV| \ ¦; : ': '¦' ;
; A-'i!^*** tn; "V • for ".Sstor^t'o'n'.- Fresno." Bakersfleld/-
: i' : & '£;¦&")¦ Wanfpr**"'! VisaUa.' • ; •
• -tjoo'-o.' m. fo 7 r "stocktoiu . i; ". ':¦:> ¦;¦.•¦".••.'•::¦'.>
8 :06'p;. m.. Jtop- Kansas 'Clijr;...Gtan.d 'Ganyoiar/an.'i.
.'.-. \ '¦ -CTl'tciErgo..'. -..•••'.'•¦•.-.¦.¦.•". -.-:.' '....;.;'¦¦ .;-.;, '••.•_•¦
: Tl£»3B-r'.'Qr.EI.Ci;^cii' K«i«t St^' and
I --.':P.err^y" Depot, '8;. : T.'± : Al9<> -Xlia. Brqadr:
'¦ ! . t: wa'y;-".olti»klan.di' Call ra7^Spfctli riiifV.StV
¦; - "i.Xair '¦ jqae.- --.¦)' .'"¦'i->.',~'"; '..'¦;-.* ".-'. *'•/•.' :':>' : .- '¦/¦ .'¦ y '•¦
. .-¦'.'•.¦.••••• •• •"•IjHj^SBEi.'7:.". ; : '.x : " ? ;
; .".'•.¦;. --:"-- ; -iBvi-xii.wA*- cbai»Ainr; : i^\ •".;"• : '/ :
viiburon; t!'iTTj'..Yop$'. pt;' Market..! Str««i :
SAN PBABT CISCO . TO; SASr.'.'Bi'PAx'xJ;
' * W-^DK DAYS— 7:30. -yiOq. ll;Uy a.;tn; i.l.2i3*,-
LrSl^tQ, 5:10,* «:30'.'p'.'.m: vThurs<aj»— Extra trtp;
J'at. ll-:30 p.. ra'l . '• -•' * .7" •/• . .v '• • . -'V '¦ :¦ : . •
: - Saturdays-^Eitra. trip at 1 :50 and H":-3O p,..m>-
• '-SL'N'PAT^-**:^ 0 . »":o*>.--n:00:f;.. ! ipi.v"."l:3p,
¦ 3:30." &U)V.'*6j5O.-UI-.3O p." mi" . <. ."..:..¦ *-¦.-:.'•¦ : :
SAN- aXlAEL TO _SAITir»AKCISCO;
".-..WEEK L).\YS — 6:u5. 7;53. Jt:6O. ,9^ '.-ll-riS
•''a; n>. ;-'J.*J:O*. " 3 «-f 0.-5:00" S:2Q -p. 'rh:-. '•:.-- .-"...'
• '- '.-Saturdays— "Extra, trip -at 2:05'-and'-6-:S5 -'p. .ifl;."
. '-.SUNDaVs— a<QQ." 9:*0.*Ml,:13-.~a" -m.::'-l",it/;:
' • 3-:<'>. - •* :55. :5 105;.. 6X25° p."- Jm-. •. V :¦' v '. '-. - *.;¦ • '¦; ¦'¦
" . Leay«'- ; .*|.-." lif Effect J :¦.)"••. A*rtlve'"-..' ¦•: «v
: - Sai>Franclse6.-| -Scpl." S?;...'1OO3;' ' [gan-KTarfciaco.-.
' .'v^Ve^K I- Bnn.i"J" • D«auria»- : :;-" fc.fintfc;" f. Jf4t£"i
¦ • Jlq. : >-3---{-daiys..L-' •• -•titjn-;.'.-.'. ."| <ja'ya. WXMy »:._.¦
¦¦ ¦ -7:30 aj .8:00 .a" .. . :¦¦:'' " ¦••'. ; - •"•» »;l9.af 8:4(^a"'.
: ' ' .- . • 9:30a '¦.'.," Iknacloi.'." .".-'. 10;40*ail0:2(>-a'
: '3 :30.p . 3::30 i> ,.'.•..•¦- :- "... ' ... 6-;O5= p t « -.'^p-
¦ : ."'S.'1.0 P ' 5.:00 p|^. ' •¦"•¦¦'¦;> ¦¦;•¦ J ,7:35.<>1 : .' ..;'-:
• • 7 "so'a .- '• .- . •".••.:",•.• -..- ' : - : f-9":i6«rt.a:4()"a
•"••••••• &:«o;i ¦•¦'¦Jio\-^to.';:i.\X0ii\}jc'^pv40 : »:-
• '¦ 3:$0 p lB;3t(:» "-.;v. Petaluma- "•' . 6:p5>i;".6^Pp
.&:IO.p .p'Ji>p . .' -.and -;¦(;?; *«lfo''j;a
•' *. • '..¦ y.po p" ., Santa -.fte^a— • .- ... : ".\. ,:¦;¦ "."¦-
'. ' .7 :30 a :-" .*•" •-'.•' "-':"• •.'•''.' -'JtOr-lOa 1D:2O"»
¦• '. * "8:00a...- Fulton.- ,¦:••• J.r33i p. .'6:20 if.-
• 3* : 3°'p g'^M-P •••'•/ .'-.• ••'-•¦ '¦¦•- J "'"•'¦••• ' " ' :
•*:- '".'<• •: " ¦•"" Xv'indsor; •¦.'' • : l":. : ' : .' 'V
• 7:30-a 8:i6o"a ¦ "-"JJeaWsburg; • 10-:.40 a 10;20a:
• •' " • --.'. : V -' .'.' •. V :-.L3rttOB.. : : .- • -. .:• -..-. : . -.'• " :"•
-. SrSQ-p 3i.3p.-p - •Gexfler'vllW. -• ¦ . "7-.3-3 p 4:20;-^'.
•[•-. - * ~-.\" -.'. Clttyerdalc,.' •".'-: '.'.'-•' .; ¦¦¦''.
7 :30 a]' 8 :0O ••««pland -.-".- • 10? 40 a 19:20a.
'.3:3Op -3:3O.p.' and .\;>cl.ah.'. ' -7.:33 ppff^t) p- ;
7-:3O a[.-8:(H? aj ';' .'-Wjlllta.; ' ; .|,7T35 p[. 6:y>j) ;
".7-:30 al 8i00ai" ." .. ".-." ¦•'• 110 :4{>ai 10:20 i,
-. 3;3Op|. 3:30"p['.. Guernevllle.. ;" | 7:S5"p|.'.8:2Q p.
. 7:30 al 8:00*1 . ¦ f 9. : 10 al . 8 :40.a
¦ •6:10p|'S:00 pi -Glen EUeiy |' 6:05. p'- 6:20 p
¦ 7 :30 al 8 :0O aj ' ' ' :-," '•" 110:40 i|10:20 a
. '3:30. p| -3:30 p|. ¦ Sebastopol... | -7;35 p| 6;20 p
ST.^X;ES connect ; . at- .Green Brae' • f.or -. San '
Quentln; at Santa Rcsfi .for-- -White- "Sulphur
Springs; at.FBlton for.Altrur|a ahd Mark- West-
Springs; at-Lyttoa for Lyttoo Springs; at Gey--
' servllle for-Skaggs Springsr at Cloverdale for.
the Geysers, Boonevllle and. Creep wood; at'
Hopland for Duncan Springs; Highland Springs'.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, .Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Kartlett. Springs ; ..at Ukiah rop Vichy
'Springs Saratoga Springs.. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. WKler .Spring's. "Upper Lake. Porno,
'Potter" Valley. John Oay^s, Riverside; LierlT*s,
Bucknellg, Sanhedrin -Heights, HullvIUe; -Orr's
Hot Springs, •H/irf'way House. Corhptche, Camp
Stevens; Hopkins.' Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,-.
Westpprt, ' Usal: at.TWIllits for Fort - Bragg.
' Wes'tport. • Sho.rwood. Cahto.. Covelo.. .Layton-
vllle, Curpmings, Bell's- Springs,. Harris. -Ol-
sen'8. Dyer. ..Garberville." Pepperwood. Scotia
'and Eureka. . :.-••. : . . ••
Saturday- to 'Sunday round-trip tickets, at re-
. duc-U rates.
On Sunday .rcurid-trfp tickets to ail 'points',
beyond San 'IJafael at half rates. -¦"-.• • . :
Ticket offices. 630 Market- street. Chronicle
building. • ' . ' • ¦•¦¦¦.' •:
• H. C. WHITING. ' Jt. X. RYAN, . "
Gen-. Manager. * t -Gen. Pass.Agt.
¦^ TOSANRAFAEU .
ROSS VALLEY/
ME.L VALLEY,.
CAZADERO, Etc.:
¦ .Via Sauaalitq" TtXij'.-
Suburban service/standard. Gaugre'-Eleotrtc— ••
Sena rt from •' San.Fp*nci«co Daily? rOO.- 8:00.
'0-00 ?IO-(X) 11:00 a. m,.- 12:2&. 1 :4$, 3:15/ 4:13/
¦ •FROM-SAN RAFAEL TO.S-A.N^rRANCJSCO'
— DaiVr B*25. «:35: 7:40... 8:35.-^.3X 11:05 -a.,
rb..- l-|:20. 1:48, 2:63. '3:4.5, 4:«;. 5:45. 6:45^
8: rROM 2< MILV' VALLEY-" TO SAN .FRAK-'
ClSCO^Dailr. 8:45. • 6:55. -7r32. .8:55. -. 9:53.
llf-WaTm, -12:S5. 2:00.- 3:15. 4:03. 5:05. tJX.
7sO5."O:O(J. 10:35 p: m. ' .'. • : •••-•-..
v" . THR oupH. TRAINS/ • . /
-' 8:00 "a" m.'dallj'- : -^a«ade"n>.and way ststioni;
• 6:15. p'.-rri. we«k day* (S4turday execpted)— .'
.Tomaiea'aijd.wa-y stations'. "... • :
• 3:15:'. p. .«n." Saturday's — Caiadero -and -way.,
stations. ¦•'• -." • • • -• . .- '
*. -Sundays only— 10 ; a. m.. .Point Reyes"- and
'way stations- • -" ¦ ..'••"•..
-TICKET OFFrCE^«26 Market st. •
• -yERRY— "Union Depot," foot of Market .St..' •
• Mt,T am alpais Railway
/ ¦ . " Leave Tia Siasalii* f arry • Arrive
/ SaaFrancbco Fsrt af MarUM fc gan Franctsca "
' Week] Son- wm Sun- (Week
Days, days jfjflMirmlL. days Days.'
' •TOn •8:OOa f**t*tok&A 13:0Ap f5T*0l
•1:.45r 9:00a WZjKS&tifS l:35p a.-fiin-
S:iSr 1O>OOa Vgnw l:IOp 5:5Op
'.. 11:OOa 7 - '«:»•• »:*©»
j l:45p ' TB&ltfr B:3Or •
*8— mi wltt tti0 >e K-wsa mi THOn ftc»
' l TlCUr ( 636 Makicst St. (North Sbote RAib-o*dT
/.UKCB | and SAU3Aj_rro Kn**y. Foot Market St..
A. .IT m yL-il "^i Q y\j/?\Jf.\ T ¦ wLmm .-. • h } xs-r . I T. ti H-- • .0
'¦*.-?"• ¦•::••"; ::•";." . :;'7- ; ' .'-. ' '{. -V-V :• -. : -', "•'. >'• .'>V-:.v'..'-;= -.:,•.•::. "".V : -; "O^
:&. ¦.":¦¦¦,:'•> ••.;.¦•"••" : ."'-'.. : : ." : .. "-.',•;• 'V-"-' ; ." .":;¦•'•• -V : -v.if -y6ii •doitv.feei.iigrx- i;.©
a- ...•¦••..•.„.':.';;•.• •=¦-.•¦. .-" • -.- : .'¦/^~ r \i'-' . •"-••"'¦' •:-";'jc'ari 'c'ure'.yb'ii witti.my'..Eliec* /&
'¦*••-¦"¦-.• "¦¦-••*..'¦¦.'.- ; '-.¦¦ ¦^f**:—' v* : --Cf -,'.\ .'¦•""¦ .• :;• 'trie. B.^lt^.- If .you-arje-yrealc,--! '.0
••5 •• . '.'." ; ¦-¦•¦¦¦' /^- * — *SITVbV • # t*'-" \ ; --.' '• ..rCaVi'jnak'e* you "strong'. ' If. you . a
"2' •¦•'¦• -.; • •'"• / /f/r.? ' *Vf ¦ '.vNesJ-.-'V • '• 'aTe.; full qf- rheumatic, pains. ". Z
¦5 .-•"•"•' ¦ • j/mA. •• T ¦••¦¦' .-vV' ' . V '•' ' -1. tan. -knosk" them out; I can ,z
•.""•• .•¦¦.¦••.•.' Jvia^iR* <-^) ' "'¦' -I • \' •' t?.O'ir oil ."into/your -.joiiits ami . W
¦O-. ... ¦;.- .. «a?fe'v^ '"¦A ¦" ' -.' •' \V \ -•"." •iirri^ci- tVicm . up.. -I- ,1iavR ¦ »"
•&'¦.¦ •'. ¦. ' ¦ \BS*O ' ','-."'. r-X -\ '• .-".-often said" -that' pain/ an"d..O
¦#'.¦;• ••• -'•'- ' "' flV\.--\ ¦&¦' '• ¦ f . V • -electricity -can! t- live jn- the-' %
i^.-'.' jei^t' c - . S _ '• ¦•[ "1 . -\ " .-'•safne house, , and I prove it 0-
A &BW&W y^ '' '• '--.'i • '• ' " V • J ¦•'¦'' Mr. .-Geo. M. Curtis, Llvink- ' q
#fc I^SSa^^*' : • ' •" *^~ '¦ ' ; Zs- "jy • et - on - Cal.. -writes: I- suffered' , a
¦ ' wlfSKr . ' • • •' ¦ > s . • with' Chronic.. Itfme back for' •*
O ' EBMT . . ' ' V ' V.-' '** i> '^-— - - 1 ' ' 'years. .-I am pleased to say th!U . ©
tk- ' ii mHbT . ' "I '• V» -. . ' ~C~ after tjirce months' use at your" Q
A " BHwBF I •' 'V , v '--.¦'¦ *^y Belt 1 am completely ou'rod-and- A
"a- war "Av"' • ' V.' / J&^$r3£Sr ' as wcl !' a? -. 1 - e >' cr Wi^ s - - - a
2 '-mm -VO ••: % "• 'j$&0mBy •" - If it" were not f or the pre- A
¦Y ¦ JB-y R'* ,i I ¦ . .. \ SrSSuSSmm iudice duo to the srreat num- . a
•2 'H : '/m. \\\ Xx.iY^C y«HMM^ beI T of fakes in the land. I 2
Z '&•'• 5 '' 'Jfc&$?>$®SMW ' would hot be abl * t0 handle .?
9 fi Jsg&££z±*< ! !2£X VE&mSs&lM&J the bu 8^'e«s that would g
® 0 '^mS^^^^^^SsSS^WBw • '' come, to me. The "Free •"
O M ¦'¦ Belt " fraud and the "Pree •
m ¦•¦'¦ .W&±- '¦ •' ¦ .P-rusr" scheme,, which • are O
O" JeiSraSL.' • not -free at all. have made" O
••2.--^B^ShL ' w4^J//l^W^^^^^^^«- - evei T one skeptical, but I Q
9 ..••..T^ggjF' . >*i>f- . \ ..thinsr-. and I'll hammer away 2
9 .¦¦ .-• • • * '..'";,•' .' " ' '-Until -yon.' know. it. '. • .' - .5
..O-'.' ¦• One ."thins every roan ought- to know is this 5 • Your. body is a jnachin*\ 2
.• " It is run by fhe-stea'm-in your blood arfd herves. -}Vhen"you "besin to-break •'•
©.! down i'n.:any.yway ydu are out of -steam. -That's "just what I Want to give ©
.# .you^back: '.:¦. •• ••.."• . • •-.••. - ' ' ¦ ' •¦ ' " . • ' •" €)
A . •• Mr. John O'Brien, 1453 fifth st:, Oakland; Cal-.', .writes.: I. Buffered Intensely froiji . O
l«m ' .'.very severe* lumbago.. . rMasfjMa-and medicine afforded, no .relief. Aftpr using' your #
a '' Belt for.nlno;cJ:;yB*my.palns were, pone and'I have fee'en 'free. from suffering ever. *Jncc- Q
•2 •-.¦.' I have a-cure in everytownv Tell mo. .where yon. live and ill- give you A-
'.S 'the name jof. a man I've cured. ..'• . •" •-. . •• . . ".. q
•2- '• T-ell me .your t rouble and 1/11 -te^Il you honestly whether. .1*. can cure you »
2 or not. If I 'can't cure-y'ou, I ctori't'.wAnfyour jnoney.'. I have- been in-this Z
'.•'•• business tTV-cnt-y.-two years, ahd am the. biggest .man in If ta-day by long "2
•: ". odds, and "F .am •¦ growinj? •yet; .-because I give every. man- all he pays fer. 2
,J©-"- : " 'l^*o"w -would'n'-t yoii rather wear .my Ufe-glving. appliance while ypu 'sleep "•
•'' every : h!gHt and [fefil'its giowingl warurth. p»urin>?: Into you. and feel your'- •"©
A --'solf taki-TB-on-a-ricw lease of life with each 'application, than", to .clog you,r- O
¦Q: :intr.sUno3. ; up;.\vi.tt)-a.*lp.t. .."of ; naus'equs : -drugs?..: purely. .'Try -me;.- •• •• • • . : '0.
•^¦- : CayJerl'B.eno*;^iv^^itiki I" Jiave' used- ypjir Electric •Belt'and -can A
"'Z':- "(nut'hfu-lly say.'thkt.'-lf-h'is 'cured me of •' wh'at "was mipposed to -.be. a hopeless case of - gi
8*''.V-Iam?""bac(cV.-'J,*.rn-oo'w.-!l-n -pertecfh'ealt h. and thp. credit is-. Sue. .to -yoyr. trea'tmfnt. "' " Z'
¦• • "' If'VoU.^ili'^omoandsae m? I ! Il-.exTjlafn" to' you." If- you-'can't "call; let : 2
• : '''me;'seii/l-.my-.b'6ok,--'full-6f.fhe things a.rnan flnds' insplrinjg: to strength" and- T'
:.©.¦•¦¦ courage. ."F'roe,^f-jx)u*£cnd.th.js fld.*. -.". . . .\ .". . .- •"'. •¦ '. .-' .. ••
:S ;; i)RviM^ii^McI^UGHWN,'-^^
• '.. : . % •¦.- '. •' . : " ' • . '" . .. ."Of fl"c«r 1 fourss— 8 .k. jfu -to 8 ~p. in: *. SundayR. 10 to t. • [ ' ¦ ¦ - * -J
advertisements;
. ' BAILW AY TRAVEL:
I / - iuniit \*9\ Trains- lenT«.and mrm
l"\ ~ t **'™* ¦ 1 .¦:]¦> due to.»rrl.T* at
:• V^V^^yy/ S.iN FBAXCftCO.
: . Vj pjf/ -."•' (Maltf-ljno.. Ferry DepoK'
-. .-¦¦ > >sLy*. V<*^'-- ¦'•"? oot of'-Maritet aw'eet i '
. LKA.yit ' — ¦ F»03t Fkp.bc4.by 17: 1^04..-..— AnaiTiT
• .700* VnoTirie. -vjrin'ier*. Kmii'sey... .-....- 7 50p
¦ 7Dff*BenKia, Sulsaa. Elral/aaad -3acr»--- . •
'.'..••¦ •¦' inrato- V'i... *'-..'¦ 7. 20p
¦¦ 7-3Q< Vallejo, ' Napa. 'Callstnita.- Sant»
i:>>*a. MarUoez, Sna-U»m'on ; 8.20c
¦ .7 30*- -Mien. LIverniore, TtSMJ, Uathros. -'
"•. ' .. ; " ¦• . a:pel(:on •' 7.2u»*
: 8.00a Sh«st».-Eipre»» — -{Vii : I>av!»>. '
• .- " • .-' Yhnr»m»-.(fnr. r*rtz«tt S?r!fls'>.
;.. •;' .vriliow*.-..*FniJu..- '.Ueil.- bluff.-' •
• • • " ; " " " PortUaJ.- Ta<;oin;». Seattle » 7-SO'
•"8.00*- DaTjs.AVp.KlIaTKl.KnluhwLAndinsJ.
-.'•¦¦• " '" '--SfcirjiTlUp-.OroTlUe. .:.;....-."•..^'. " 750«*
: .- i.SO>-PoTt...Co>f(i. Mnrtincx'.. . AnttocH. *; .*"
• ¦: • '•"; '-" -Byraa.- XracJ- 8ioclttdn,-'N>w:- •" •
-.'.¦'•..•¦..•.•'. niii," Lo*;.Uaho».;-Sl e nJbta. .. ;
¦:'•¦:¦ ¦•" .-A<nt><i[«3.---irant6i:ir.' -VJ-».alt:V-. -
-"•¦-' . : -Kortrryn!* :..¦.. ; : .w % .. ¦..-.,».,.-,.. '4-. 2 Or
-' " ; JO* "fort Coita.' MartfciM:' Tracy.- tai!>- •'
•¦¦.".'..-.¦¦¦•, .rip,' .ModfiU),-' HerCed". .Fresno, '.
•"•:-:•.'••«• i.(,»*i,-!i .••Jtracttori.' • II »ti^'o'rd, '.-•'.
: " ¦ •• ¦" . • 'Vlsina; n4k.ert'fteld:..;:.. : . :..¦.,'..;." " .4 53?
. ' 8-3O»- SHei. Saa JoAe. Lryijrmbrt;. S*ocS-. '.."•. ¦
. • ''-¦".' •' .•••¦toB i :(">MIHiin>.I-oaf..Sacr«rfient9;.- :.; •
;.'¦•' : - •: ' ' Pixcwlli*. . i;Tarj»*U!is, -.ChtCo. .. •
: -..'¦¦:; '...'¦ Beit-.BiJi.ff-_..-.,.;i.. .•......¦•.::•¦..• ....' 4 20i*
: ¦ B.30 *. "dakdale -OhinesB. Jamestown. -So 1 ...
: " •.'.:¦::.. j»oTi."t'i'.flumne"iii(l-An(fel» ...-.-;.- .'420p
'. '900-i .Atl»nacKi.pre»»— Ogcdtil-.-«odE»ic N --lT.20»
' ; . 930> -Martian '.-.and- , Wpx . - .
'¦¦•.". •' •";•• StAtloM vV .:«'•.¦¦ :•.".•'•". .'..'«-..'...:.. .6.50>
' 10 QOa- The-- Overland. LtniUerd — O^Aeri.' #
: •'¦ . - " , . -. 'Denir«;f, &ipHtM; O}»lca'so. : .'.-.".•. .- . . 8 20«*
:-10,00'a Vallejo... ',;,.,.,..:., .^^A^.^.. 12.20*
: .IO^OOa.Iws. ' Anft<*!«» .'. P.iis»engrer-.Poit
.--.-... •¦.¦•,Ce«a»Ma'rUne.z>:BjToji.. Tracy; -•'• •
• ¦.'.'.¦.¦¦••.¦ •¦ K.ilhrjip. ¦¦•.Stp'c'kirfn:- Merced...
¦ T . -.'.."•:_¦..• Knjiriond; -Frejno,. ftosbrn June-- .. .
•¦.'•--'.¦;¦ '¦ ..-tlon; Hiinf6r<i-.'--Lemoi>r^; Vlsali-a...- •
;'¦'•". .- .-¦-.-• ~.' 'Bater'sfleld; -Lpn.-'ineeles..". -....-" 7-28V
¦12 COM. Buy wart!. N !!••• nnd -^Vaj- SutlCna.' 3-20P
• tVOOF- fl'»CT«n"en*o Klvpj-.&teamer«.'....s..t11.00F
¦•"•"3-30i; Betilctn;'- • tVlnter*.* • 8acrBinentiJ.'
. •¦ '....."-,¦.: Woodland-. .KnlRht* . • Land'.u?,
: "¦ .".".•.¦'- -irar jsTille. : .OrdVllla" ..aad* way
¦.¦•¦.:•• ' ita.ttoo ».-.:.. -.."..;.:: v."U •>... 1089*
. ' V3".3pp- Hay.wsrdi Ktiea abd W-a'y Slatlon.f.. 7-5Or
•'-' 3'30p J*.o*S Co»t'»;: Martinez.- .-Bjrrbo. •
•"•-.. '¦'..''. 'Tracy.' .Lathrop. .- >[•<> <r e.n t o,'
.'-.-• .-?= " • •¦..••Merced. Jreshp-.-inid -Wky.'Star
:• : '¦ -•».* tfons beyond Port Costa." 12 20r
:J.30f "Martlnw. Tracy. Stockton.' Lodf... 10.20a
4C0.1* Marttnei.SBnU»mon.y»neJo;?Iapa,- .
.. •• -.-•"¦ Caltitoga, Siinta.UoM.., .."..-. % .- 920*
¦4 OOF"Klles..Tracr.-.Stockton. Lodl ...-.:.. 4. 20?
' ' 4 30? JBayward.'-' -JJjles.- Ir.TlngtoD^'Saa I ?850*
"¦'.-¦¦ .¦"-•• Ja»e. Li'f-ennore..--.,^. .:-... ¦..-..".) til. 50a
• vBOOP-The Owl; Llmjted— Se^min, Los-- ;
;..V,: ..'.-¦¦ ..Banas. Mrndut«.'Frei«ij6,.Talare, ". • .
. ¦¦'.:..'¦.:.. Baker»Beld:L«« Anuole*."-
.-¦""'¦ ;•'• • .Golden Statts. i,lmited • Sleeper, •.
.: . " "••• OaJtland-to.^o* AngHei, for Cht- >
?.•-•¦ .-•".•'. ".c«»o.->i»C.-K,J. * Pi. .".;"..-..."... 8.50a
: -5.00pPort^Mt».VTracy.-8.toeliton. :.;..> 5 12.20r
r t5:30»" Hayw.iird."S lies aaa. San Jose'..... ' 7.2ov
' 6 OOf .llaywa'rd.-N flea and SanJoK •. ¦ 9 50a
'. -:6.00r Ef»«t'e'ra..'Eipre»»rr : .Oi?deji-.' DenTer; r>
'..'.'..' '"¦.-¦' <.)ii;at)»;. St. ¦Xou'li. . Cb!c«u;o.iad
-'• • "-•;-. Kast. ' -Fort-'Coats. UVnlrU. 8ul-
'¦. .."• . : - -iiia.;J-;im!r;k.--l>«vis. Sacramento.
¦¦.."•. ••• ''Ifockl + n.. "Auburn."- Col fix,'.
:¦'¦¦. ",-.": '-Trucke*; Boca;. Uen.o'.'Widj- .'
:•:¦'••"••.- Vgrth. Wlflaemuccft.;.. ;«•. .5-20>
: -. 6:0Qp."VtneJo,.<lat]yieicent:Suliilay.....-l T --_
•". : 700r .Vallcio;; isand»y./)nly.: . . . : f ' avr
¦ 7-OOf 1 hichmoad. rian Pablo, Port CotuL
I.;-.-; : -.-: Martinez an*WCay 8tatf6.na.....\ .1>..28a'
'.. 8^5r OrcRon * California' Express — Sac-
'-¦.-..•¦. "¦ ¦'ramento.'.'l^aryaTtlle.' -Keddlas, - *
. "•; ¦*..*"'¦ '¦ .'Purtland, Puget Sound and Eujff. 8.60a
• ' ' 8.1 Or .Hay wan!,- N.t!e» and San -Joae (Saa-
•¦¦•¦- • -.dayonryj.'....-..;....; .-...'.-. . . IT-SOa
1 -COAST LINE. Oirnm. un^y. •
.¦-"'¦• . (Foot of Martcet Street.). •'
. • ¦ 8-15 a Kewark, ¦ C«mj terrme, San Jota, *
¦ ¦ ¦ F«lton. Bonlaef Creek. Santa
¦ :-'..¦ .'. CrniandW.ay Stations...; 5-5S>
... t2.1B»: Newark, .Centerrllle, Ban Jose. -; ¦
. . 7 • ¦"-¦- New Alm.'tden..L«9 Gato».FeUon.
Boo Id er. Creek, Santa Crux and
." "• . Pflncisal Way Stations tiO-55*
4-IBr Kewark, Saa Jose, Loa Qatoa aad-l 18-55 4
-: ' •• wajtiuiiion*.... «..: -:.-..) 55*
'.*9ZQr .llnnters Train, Satnrdat only. Sna
¦ '• " .. Jose and Way Stations. "Retarn- '• .
¦ • Ins: fronj Los Gatos Sunday only, t7 25f_
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN. *'K AN CiSCO, Foot of Market St. (311p<)
. ..— tt:13 .9:06 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3.00 5-15 r.M
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tS:0U t9:M
1i-J» .10: W a.m. 12-00. 200 400 F.M.
COAST LINE (Broad. 6«u*»).
" tV" Cf bird and Townsend 8trc«ts.j
8-10a San Jota and Way Stations.... 8.30F
7 00 a San Jo«'o and Way Stations.;.., ... 5.38'
' 8.00a .New Almaden (Tnea., Frld.. onlr). 4.10'
- 8 CCU Tbe Cl>a^t^^ — Stops oalf ?an Jo*«.
: - Gllro'y (connection for QoJlla^ . <.
ter)', .Pajaro. Castrorillo (coa- :
-. . ; necjion' to and from" Monterey
"... .and Pacific GroVe). Salinas.. Sa*
• •' .'Ardo, Paso' Robles. -Santa Mar--'
••"•' • . feartta. San LaUOblspo, principal
¦ ..":-,•.' stations thence Sort (poAnectlcn
: - Tor Lompoc), pride! pal statlona
¦ • . '• . ttience Santa Barbara,Aan Bnenar.
7~~ '¦¦¦ ve'ntura, Sa'uirni. Los Anceles... 10.41*
. 9. C0» 6'ai" Jose.' Tras Plnos. . Capttola^
.--...' . HantaCraz.Pacln'cOroTe.Saltoaa, ' *
SaQ Lul» Dbispo and Prlnetpal •
' ' ' ' Way-SCat'ons ,...:.. 4.10>
'10.30* Ban Jose and Way. Stations.. * 120?
11.20a Santa Clara^ San- Jose. Lea Gatos — • .
. • . and Way Stettona .*. •7.30f
¦IIOp 8an Jose and Way Statlona .....*.. 8.38a
-.3 UOr tin Mofrte Expre'as— 8anta Clara.
•. ¦ '. . Eaa.Joso. Del Monte. Monterey.
-. Pacific Grove (connects at Snnta •
• '¦•' • ' ••' . Clara for Srfuu Crux. Itould-r
¦' .'..- Creek and XarrowGan^ePolnsi)
.;• .• •• .at'. GIItot t OT HolHit*r. . • .
. • • ' ' P)nos.*at Cas'trorflle for SajlnM. 12:1»> .
; ' 3'3(h r TresRln'os WarPansemrer: 18*45*
. 4.30P Ban Josa and'Way Stations.....^,.' t3 00 a
°t6 0O.R ban Joae, (»U Santa Clara); Lo«
-. ¦-'- • . Oatos. and. Pr-tnctpah War St*-
(Jons (eiccpt Bnnday> *.. fl.OO*
' >6 20r 6anJoseandPrlncfpitlWaySuUoas.l9:40A
,6.00a bdnset Limited.— Redwood^ Saa *
.. •': . "- Jose,Qllr.oT,Sallnas,fW*.soRohles,
-.-*.-• Ban Luis'. ObUpo, Santa BjtTbara.- , •
•'.' Los Anfe4cs.-Dem.tB2. El Paso,
. ". * KewOTleana; New'Tork. .Con- ". •
".-,.'•¦-. .' nects at Pajaro fat Santa Cm* •
¦ •¦' . -a ad at C«$tro villa for Paclflo *
.- - GfOTe and'Way Station's.! 7-10*-
-. * tB -1B.P Sao Mateo.Beresford.BelmoairSaa
¦• '. ". Carlo*. .Redwood. Fair Oaks, :• '
¦' . ' Ue'nloPark. Pilo Alto............ t«.48*
8 30> 8aa Jose ahd Way Sutiooa. ...... M B.38*
¦ -SOOr Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15*
II .iO> south San Francisco. MlUbrae. Btrr-
limgame. San Ma>eo. Btlniont,
' - Ban Carlos, Redwood, Falr.Oaka,
¦ '. Menlo Pur'* and Palo Alto 9 45*
••11.30*-M*Tceld,- Mountain View, Sunny-
• . . Tile, Lawrence, Santa Clara and .
. . • • Banjos* ...;."...t. ....^ t9-4o>
¦• .A for Mornintr. P for Aftornooa. ~~*
¦ /t Sunday ezcepted. ¦ . t Sunday oqiy.
. .a Saturday only. • ¦ .
I Stop, at all stations on Sunday.
W Onlr trains itopplnjr at Vaie&cis St. wmtabovsil
• r««:10A.»..7:0OA.ji^n:&)A.ii..S:bO»J«,«:S0F.j«.and
1:00 »Jt . '
Coal Reduction J
American Cannel f
Sold by All Reliable Dealers. J
ADVEETISfiMENTS.
ThQ Kinrt. You Have Always Bought "has borno the sicrnft-
• .." tu.fe>f Clias. H. Fletcher, and haS been liiade untler hfc ;
-. ..personal ..supervision for over 30 years.: Allow no one/*
.-...to aeceiye you in this. .'Counterfeits', '.Imitt\tion.«t and"
': ••¦'- •?Jiist-as-poo^l^* are butJilxpierinieTits. and" endanger the
:..liealth. of -Children — Experience against Ksperiment. •* "•
f What is GAStaRl^fV /
, • Castpria is a -harmless substitute for CWitor .Oil,.P&:*c«- .
... 'V;"gotlc; -Drops and goothincr '^j-rnps^ -'.It. -is: Pleasant;'- It"
.". contains i' neither Opium, Slorphino" nov .otlier Narcotic* •
"... Substance. Its.a^e is its guarantee'... It destroys "Worms •
• ... and 'allays. Fcverishncss. Itr.'cures Diarrhosa and. Wind '.
".. Colfc/ Jt relieves. Teething- Troubles, cure's. Constipation' .
• and'F.latulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates tto .'
Stomach^ and Bowels, giving 1 healthy and natural sleep* •
•' The -Children's. Panacea-^The" Mothcr>s Friend.. ••• ?' ' '.
M w| Hayailwajs Boupt
. : . ¦¦'] • >i Beara the Signature'of'-. ./ .. . ..".
.In Use For Over 30 Years. .
• THt CCNTA'JIV COWflNY, TT MUHHAt STflCCT, NtW TOttK CITY. * • * • .THE SAXNFRANGISGO C^I^gTUEStiAYi^^A^C^Clv-i-iifiO^-'
12
¦'- *• : ¦ OO.IiMOTXO"tT- OrFICESj.; - > ':'^:_ n ¦
•BAD; tenants -ejected for $4i- collections "made.:
." olty-.-ox" ,CQ'uhtr>". " Pacific pollection "Co:. .415'
•".'. Montgomery"; roonas. tel. Main 5560. ...
'¦".'• .: COTTAgES. TO LET. '¦'.'.'' -..
:"CQTTAGE 4" rooms, gi?,- bath "and cellar* rent
$2-0. : 2769- Howard St.* ¦ " ... '¦¦ ,..'¦' ¦"¦
T.O-Iet-^-t-rooirf. canape"; large yard! • 4l4 -Col-.
." i ing wood st:. *bet-. Nineteenth an..d"Tw.entieJh-"
FURNISHED cottage to let'; 5- rooms awi -.bath.
¦ ;;114. Haw-th'or-ne st:-. ne'ar.'FQlgc»ni..-. ... - •*.•¦
'.'_ ¦'.' :•''¦ '¦": CTJB*ES:"BTTyTP.jR"&;'-*^ '*"•¦¦*•• '¦
WKQi^-Huriter,-' 1200- Market s't.":- iioXK rupturV'
•• cure- for S10;- circular expfaltis;.' seatt for.-.ong.- .,
' •"..'• ¦".¦¦• ;.'-. •' DKXTISTSI' .-.. \ . '... .'>.
PuTmURPHY. ; 504-5-6' Callagl\ah bidg'.'-.AIarkrt
'..' and 'McAllister- stS;,- .uses the B&sford'O'b'tun-'"
• -der; theonly. device. ever." invented ' fbr=
• lnr, "Uriillnc and ' "excdvatlhs teetli' ' without
" pajn. For "demonstration c.all at of Hire. ." '."
DR. LUDL.UM. HILL, .1443 Market, nr" Eliyenth
. : —-No .charge' •for' extracting: "when -plates, are.
• -.made; 6ld'p"a-tes. tnad-e 'over- like .ne^i teC^h-
• from. $3;per.s.et; extrafctinc- 50c; yas" glv*n.
:A NEW plate—^The WhaleboheU-cannot break:
¦ /warranted" 20-.yrs;.-.crown; $3"50;-#lii'ngs r '''5(k:r
'•plate?,- J5; full set; a'll work. -painless "and
' warranted. Chlca-go Dgntal- Parl'o.rs..24
GOLD flmng-a," 75c; sllyef, 35c: crowns,. $2; ,no-
• p.aln;opeh Sundays. 'Dr. O,B.'Hew'ltt,-264. Sutter
PARIS 'Dental -Parlors', 235 Kearny. cor: Bush--
¦ Set teeth;' $l-50iip; c'rbwns,?2 Hp;fllllnss,25c:
ARTHUR .OIIISHOLM.-surceon'rdentist-,r.a4,lst
floor. Fheian -bid.. S06 Marke't. itor. 'O'r-arrall.-
' OUSOSsSlAKERSAIvb SEAMSTHtJSStj's-
Accordion, .sunburst and 'knife plartlng;.doubie*
stamps -on dres; linings. Stewart's button and '
buttonhole factory. 110 .Taylor ;X«h Folsoni.2121.
.McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery Scbo6l—
-. Patterns cut to measure:- eye, class 1010 'Mitt.
• ' E0VCATIOK All... .¦¦!.••'.*¦
NIGHT 'AND^DAY SCHOOLS, for men -and
working boys', Instruction 'from : tbe fifth"
.grade- to preparation for the University.;. day ¦
. school of mtere'st to all. men; business .rpeth- '
.o<}s a specialty; personal -attention 'glve,n: •'
thirty . Instructors;, iirivale coaching; .'night
• .law school ;' instructors : front ." UnlversHy- .of.
California And J"tanf,ord Unrvers'ty;. i'ndus-"
" -trial elates; men have tile advantage of our .
'extensive engine room; complete plant. bo41-
' ere. dynamos. Tenglnes, pumps, • etc. ; el.ectrl'-.'
'ca.1 engineering, assaying;' students have all
! -othjr privileges, of. the association If deslretl:
international certificates . given to studenta-
complet-ing the .courses apd passing the exam-,
lnations; -young men, strangers coriing to-thft
. 'city directed to good hqrfaas;-associatlon"em.r •
'•ployment agency, for .all graduates -of- our'
school; the' beneficial influence, ot a. great.
. jnoral" institution; our work is Indorsed by all.
the leading' business aria professional '.m'en. of
¦ the city; our educational work.'; accredited" 'by
more than 115- universities' and'coj'egea'in'the-
.- United States; mechanical. . freehand "draw--"
Ing: nara! architecture, stenography, -.type-"
writing Andortier spccia;lties;-adviintagej.over-
.other ecboois; .tuition -less : instruction, supre-'.
. rlor; we are not in business to make, money. -
but "to make men'*? especially, advantageous
to young men .cpming frqm the interior. .Call--
or write lor descriptive "catalogue.- the Young'
' .Men's Christian . Associatron .Institute •* erf
. Practical Education for Men -and Boys. il. j. % .
. ilcCoy. General I Secr'fitarjf, San. Francisco,'.'
• Address all communications "to LE *ROY'
BURNS Shi ITU. Educational Director. . ; ; ..
.AY.RES. - the 'leading business college. -723 Mar-
ket St.; established IS years; life scholarship,.
f50; Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch, .typing,
arithmetic, spelling,, -etc. ;* positions se'ouredy.
"the college refurnished with- ne'w, typewriter* ¦
• 'arrd..iurnltUrA 'January. 1.". .-Catalogue *free." *•
WRITE to CallfoVnla tiuslHess .'Goilese fpr.ln-'
• formation .'-cpncerhin5 .February, club .d.ls-
' -<;ount; on. rooming into our -new and- elegant '
•building' ve want" 800- "-students? come- and-
• •Join the great school of the" West: 75-paga
• catalogue. . 901-925 Golden Gate" ave. .'. *
"THE .Lycewrij. an accredited 'preparatory .sch'ool-
"for the university, law an'd medical colleges;
: : ref. President Jordan "or.'a'HylStanf'ord.prbfea-.
j" .'sor;*dax and evening session. Phelan bldg. c
.HEALD'S BUSINESS .COX.I3EGE • "24* POST, S^
*' F':— iBookkeep(,ng, • shorthand. " touch -typing,
lapguages. telegraphy, "English brandies".;' day 1
¦ and nlght'Eesslon3;' niustrate*d.cataloguo t free..
X LAIlGllRana better sch'ool thah'-e'ver; erier,"
'. at ence if *ypti 'desire a good, position; Gregg:
thorthand Ellis bookkceplrfg. S. F.. Business
• College". 1236 .Market «'t. ¦ . . ¦ • - •' * .
'AfTEND Gallagh'er-Ma'rsh Buslnejs College Wn ¦
• advice* of of flcCal court repqrters and-^be-cotn- .
• „ petent stenographers. 3 .1332^ Market; catalog,-.
WESTERN Business Totlege. Odii'Fcjl'owS-'bld;: ,
..bookkeeping, shorthand, "toucn.typlh'j, -arith...
• spelling;- -writing, etc.; day eve. j. $4 too., evp.-
HEALD'S School. t>f Mines 4: Electrlfllty, 24-Post
»t.. S.:F.; a. practical school .of engineering;
J complete* equipment. Special catalogue " free* .-
ENGINEERING^Clvii,"elec:;mrn.. mech.-.* -F^rT
• vey.. assay.. c,y.anlde: da°y; ey.-,est.l864. .yaa
fiec'Nailler»' School..- 113 FuUpn.' jir. City Haft. ¦
DANQING Tuesday." Thursday." 'Saturday, : Su'n-
dary evgs.. Teutorjla Hall;-. Howard st...near-'
• 9th. Prof. .Foster; society" dan.cin*g -.taught. • ...
.HINMa'N'S -Academy; a"' thQrou'irh.' sch-JOl . of
dancing- estai.llsbed 20 years. 1412 Polk rft...
. b'et. BineVsod €aliforrila'; .clksses'-'now bpen.
.;b_ANJO", •' m.anddlln : and. '. gul.ta'r.. thoroughly •
'taughti orchestra. j>factt(5e. -462 • Geaxy "iti
..GUJTAJt. -m'andolfh -a.n'd ;'plan.o ; . $3 per' ma',"
tnanddlin- cjwb-.$l pe'r " rao. • '-.828 "jtaight .at.'''"
•KENX Law* School; always open-'.conducted by.
".' practical. law.ye.rs. » 53G r.arr.6tt JbuIM-Ing^.-' •• • .
' ESPANOL-"Metodo practice. ..y ' -.."progresjvo. ..
" ••• Rafael- Serrano. &30 i.-.'a'H£oviila. .tua'rto nm. 4.
SCHOOL -OE ILL.USTRATION-^-^— Day .".and.
.PAKTINGTON-'S. -424; Pine st.— NMjght jCla*s,s;
PIANQ * lessons". . 25c ' half -hour. MRS. • .PECK,
experienced tehcher. 'J013 Mission' nr. ptxth. _
K!»>I,OY3IE^iT WPglCES. " ;• [
' GET your helv a£- p'lNE. JAPANESE EMPLOY- '
-. MENT O.VFICE and lJoUs«cJeahlng.eo. -1333.
" • Pine, nr. Jap. .*&!.. E: ; Charch; phone Polk *3<}ga. :
•*GEOJt«E" AOKli 421 Post' St.; tel.I Bush -135—
"Japanese-.Chlrjese employment ' office.; -.f.ur-'
nls.l.f :i . best lwip*.; .contracts for Tafm-h"elp'; e.tc! ,
A— ORPiiKllM Employment- Offlce^-Japahese-
• Cftlnese help. I2fl Pow'ell-st. Tel'. '.Main 5732.
"CHINESE v £mpkiymerti Office — Best" .hplp" *t
I>son Seung's,*.411*a p'Farrcll-, tel.. East : .4";t>.-
FpiTZ'S'Efnp. Offfce;- Japanese jmd .' Chlsese*
' -help. .415. Stoc.kt.oh. Tef. Grant" IBS.- ' ¦ . •-.
RELIABLE- Japanese-ChlneSe EpipJoym^h't Of-
fice; all.kih'ds help. '315 Stockton; "Main. .51SS.
.CHINESE and Japanese help! astab.- 20 years. "
¦' Tel." Main 1D07. BRADLEY & CO... &40 Clay.
;"a>tPLOYMEXT-A\\4yTE"bj^'raM'At.lT.-"
WANTEIiyA position to. do gcn-sral.'housewbrk
In a -.small American family 'by, .a young
Sw.edish feirl: .w-ages $20 a mortth. " Address •
- box 240l»At^aH office. -... .
WANTE3' :) - : - gltu ' a tion by re'xp'erle'nced cooh and
-. helper.; pa'stry and -meat cutter; Hotel ref«r-
• encosi.no- .pMvate. -family; cjty or .country:
• Address.-22S Natoma .st. . • .-.-.'•
! RESPEGTAB.LE lady" wishes working "house- •
" keeper's position; ri>at; good cook.; no objec-
. tlon to country.- Address. House.HeepelV 206-
! Eddy, st..- . . • "• • '. • ""; .. - ... ;*
•COMPETENT woman wants, work' in ' private"
' . family; gtiod -cook srnd . washer.' 'Address A;
" B., .Call brailcK, 1941 ...Miselqn. »t.--'V. ".'
YOUNG German -girl woulfl like: a "situation 'to '
••do" 'uDsrairt Vfork. "R31- -York- «rt'., ; " between
•Tweirty-flr.6t.and-Tw"enty^secon"l.".' • * *.. ; .-•
SCANDINAVIAN '.girl- >fcants -a- sltuatltm" at.
' housework and' pfain-cooking.. -*U13. .Fifth.
"• ave... South San Francisco..-' ' " -'. ;•".-. •
•REisPECTA-BLE-' wohiart wants -.a •',«! tuition,
. cooking, and housework,.' in small' family; riQ
postals'. .-14.07. Scot-t St.' ... . • - :• •. . •
"GERMAN girl "wishes situation for" 'genera],
. house w.6rk. Call at 09 Carmellta»st w "corner
'Waller: . ' ' . •....•.'•¦« ••-. .'..•:
• A FIRST-CLVVSS- Swedish -cook- wishes a place'
In a smalr American Tamil*/;" wage»-$J0 or
' $35. Box. 2055, CaH,. .-.:-.. .• • * •¦.¦-''
WOMAN would -tlkfe to;do washing* and^ "Hean-
• ln^ by the. d'ay'; $1' 50.- Address. 0*2 Ninth. st. J
A LADf .wants'- to* do hausewsrk. .for ah, .old
..man. * M-ISS GOLD: '.inquire J5.6 -Sixth. St.,
room 41. "'.¦••.- " '¦ . ¦ '.•!*'" •
YOKNG Scandinavian wfrrtts jjlace. °13
. "Hq'pelon place, near 'Washington, st... ket-
' ..'. Powell ,and- Stx>ckton" .-'" •**.••.-•
•SWEDISH.' KlfT .rjvlslies* situation a« chamf-er-
' maid, in -bot*l:- experience..: Apply -2J0 Eddy-
St., downstarrs. . ¦'"¦-'.¦"* ', . ' " .'
• AMERICAN worpdn, ijay vorker, , some days
unoccupied.- wlshrs .home In .'• ge.»tl«man's ;
• Jiousc in Peturti for services: bes.t **sef<^rencVs. I
. Advertiser. , 1204. Mission Pt.* . .
WANTED— Confinement ; surslnK.'-" Tel. Paga
1833 ;^ residence .774 McAllister",, sti ." %
GERMAN woman wants work housecleantng or
-washing by the- da/v 203 Natoma at.; rear. ,
¦FLATS • T,t» - t-ET— Contlnn**!. .. ' .'
¦*COJL.E.- 7Ul>^New "UppeV •u"n.6> -'corner^flai: "«
*-rooVl'--'a»idb f i.th- : -mOst-b«l-9een to be
' ..elated"; . reh't " $1U ".- . ' •* '• '_' •,' •• -•
'. '$K:- c6Vi'l-stoy^.K-bn n ec:ted::with..hnt.^ater U
V'desUed',.'.'.CO".'Pdr'la.nJ.sf>. " •"•" .•..--. . '_••¦••
.A'-NKW-'.-T-room". H^:"- •.^f.e.s"t •'•^rqverpentsr.
*Ml^.lon-.«!t: H "-i>et-g'.d «pd.a-Uh.
.yVi/rqyi irz-KJ-riKJeVn.-Wnny-flat.-pf s . rt^ >ot ! lJ Vr-
<" Eevr." ""••••.' " ;;":. >¦•*•* ".• ; .•.";' ;*. * • . '• /,*.'
.S'Jripi'E Y; .25~t^A'f?at.-. of f *!bb'n?' 3 ' "^ ent " f^:-.-.*
$3(wiEiCH"r-ROO5t- neW. flart'. il^-Brpderlcfc/:
,. ¦st^.-.iwaV Tost..'. jphcne^Scbtt-^RtW.". .. •"¦¦'.'",
t£5Q2k*apx? loWVr-flati. '^e^ '&*&£.*•**
; Tont-pr &>.;:¦'¦• ¦¦¦::' ¦'-';'.•::•. •'. :*••".•¦• •••"•
'Foh'S/ALE^At- onVe.-'^umltire ->6f"-.a: 5-rqomJ
- fiat, /complete*;- all' Tnew.i flat • to. let;' sunny .
_¦ :.c"fil.-a'ft4r'ho<ih»-- . 3'g7g Tweatteth-st:' . ¦ . ' •
CIIPAP-^ J3*au ti f'ul! 7. "we wly .furnished " flat; :'*¦
'."¦ ¦fo.om?;'i:oniplelV.:'C{ill- afternoons, 13«*.-vVei>-.
.*. -ster" st--'; ;.•'•. .•- ••¦•."• •'.:¦•'/• •¦'.*• ' •':" '
• ":-ym.nixi'RE "FOii--. salB. • •- •*. * •
GOOn .oaX* and w'alotit.'. furrilfOr*- of .«¦ rboni»
"-. for aaf« che.ap: rent, of noUso ,$10. -. Inquir*
" : .at .204. Flllmpre sr..' " : . .*,/-•' •' - •* •¦ 'I ¦
'.MJSSION s'Anc'tfttl .Wqu?e^For-"«tove>,;. fitfnl-.;
: . t-.u'r? and hcusehold ¦ foods'. .,iO3 Valencfi st.;:
'-.¦ ci3r.,'Flfteeath.: :".". ••" "¦"• .. .* ¦"."¦ . . "¦.• •
'¦FURNITURE: of ; t rooms • for ' sale ; niust- iell
'.. by* Marth-B-;.Bo^ 2904. ..Calt office^. ¦. •"•"•¦¦¦
'¦;¦:¦ :':. . yi;«.yiTVKg.>vA.vrEP.' y •'"'•':;'
; A.:"W'OLt,PER.T. "73 Mission,' p!jpn« Re« **&£
,-; biiy»\: i-en'ts, reRalrs.'packa- fujmlture. carpets.--
HIGHEST prices for furniture nd mdae.- ' U H. .-
L .BURP, auctioneer.1818 Mkcr tel. Howard 273*
• .-.. : iiEJLP- ¦'r.yAX^rED-^-gJeMAi.H. -. '•;•
COOK. : '3 . ik ' f anj'iy,*" hit .*•¦ .- wash" . , > v. . : , - . -$i3.
"•".¦Cook," 5 in fa-mMy, . no. washing -i .-'-.. .':..'.*.|35 '.
: • 'J G.errna'n-style. cocks'- .'..,; ...'.;::.¦.'.»•». ji^.»j>5 .
" .-.-.A "derinafi .co'olts,' JlttV-washtpr ,.i»v;|30»$""3 '
"• - 4- s^t-ond" girU •.".;. .''. l..;> .'.'' .•"..*...:>";.. ,:.$20-iC5 ;
'.' Nurse jjfrl,."-2. c'rillifrun • ..-»'%. ..¦.»,...¦,•'"•.•• -$3U.
;. Ti-ay- girV-.-saaltarium: ;.'.-.¦.•,..:*:::. .•.-^•¦•? '$15'
.' l>aundre?s, 'rrvust do '¦"jfcts" ..".".". .¦';.: .'- 7 -'- ;:$3O."
.-.-• Laundress - iiay- work. -steady--.". . 1 .fl 5O day-
' -A-nd; "I*"-* houseglrli' »t $.20;.$23J 430. for '.city:.
'. .,goo<i plaoes tpp'.-many^o enumerate. Call:'
'• *&&&.. " J'.F. .CR'OS.ETT.ifc- CQ.;' 3g4. iJjitter..".
;." : •¦'-.•".••¦• .'.;' FpR :bqr>"TRT:,- ''¦;•: '¦-."•-"!.." '••¦-'"• : :' : .
• "-Housework' 'g.lr! • country .",..'»•;»,:... .'j...i~i$-W '
'. Cbpk,' Pkei tic- Wove; .. 2- ; ln. .family.' • .-; . . i -ifSa
¦ .- .-¦¦•See' fady. artofflca.'lO-.ft-cjloek. .""•" ,'¦'•'¦; '••'•* "iv"
-"". I'lousVwork" glr'f, " -t In' totally j "_Belnioht: : .;V i $25>
¦*. ;-.Copk,*. San' i^rJaer..;inU«..-y. % a : sh:' . ..¦.-.•...--.•_;>*.-M>-";
"'-. ebb"k,--2. in family-,. 1 ' noi •washv">-Saxi".Kafaal.'.'l'J?.''
¦; .;Dinirr5-r.oom.:girl .fbr-.'ki3tl.tutron'.".8'aory"dls j -'
. " -" .t^irbce- ,v: '.'.. *:.r.' f :: '• ... ;-.- . . ...»*> ;,",' ..¦,•".•..".¦. ".*?5 .-
• .--. Chatai"eTmaid '.and- '.waftre'ss,' \r.esbrt.'"-fiT*-
.. - .-piid . . ,,.-. •. ':-..;•. .; ...¦. : .- : „•: . ". .•.¦;•.•.•.•.•.;.¦. 'asx*
.'. 2 w.srltress«i,.-,C"omrijercia : I.-'hoteKHfar? !r paia'i.$25"
¦ • -' Cojotreti'.srtrr. &ous«rwo'rk "'.Oakland- ",.••".*. vVt.$?3-:
-: Second "ciri-" IS in 'family.." ftHtnngiune. "..•"•'.'•¦$'¦»•.
¦"-.GeheVarjlbusework."- 'Oakland, A4arheda, '.?aaV~
-. " sa'Ut'o and- air- heilrby towtjs, -.$25,- $301 '.AppJJ:'-
v to' j., F: CJCOS ETT ¦&-HO\-33\ SuttBr. Bt. ¦.'• ;
. A" NEAT -grr J .' H • jtaK'e' ¦ car? .of cht'ld • 8- > i tar» '•'
• • b.|d ' and act "as -ijiay'a Aaid.- '^O:. .2'-laimfV
•dr-est.es'.; toO ea<3i;-CQok.':8ind -.aetond girl".:.f33-.
-.-""and second -girls'. $25 *arr4;.-'
..¦. r 'f{O;*2. c-Obks-. .$3O;-.tJJaapnb?tmaid. -M<\- ¦"
."" tel .$JSV waitress .*C"3>- -4 h«rs«- -Klrls".- $23'.
; aad; .-$"50,- -M.R9. NOtl-TON*.; 313- .Sutter .ay; ¦-./•'
¦ Ar^WA:;T-EEr-r'.Gir.ls' t'a'l -leirn: -/hairdrtaskig:;' ,
mariicvrinc;. -eV.v; taught., •froih-" 'A' -to'-.'Z '
':•;• in '-2^ ; eejcs:- K>-.t(>.thosie''entej l ln"s.^ow:-:3\jjf>-".:
• . .{ilUbnii-.'to-.f.U 4mm«ciia,tejy^positlo'n3.jguar"ath-r '.
,.:. tee:d--at ?10.'per." jfe*k..ups leading • school, JaC/
"- : .Wje^t. -.'333-"C?ary. -sti. room .."13. -'.." '." '•;'. -". .••"'.
.iiAbl-ESL'wanted "everywhere.- cbpyVngr-lettets-.a* ;
".•hcmi»; 7 M"enrngs.:pr"spar-a -time, knd leturn. t6,-
••••" us^.vt^o". "ni4llhig:.or .-qanTas'sln'r'; -S3.'. weeKljr-
•¦¦''earTied; materials J'ree,* enclose self-addrftsse^"-
;.- " envelope -fcr .-particulars, .GUARANTEE <X>,. '
' : jNo.."8 '-r.* -Nlfith-st.-.; P.KJlad\eljh1a; Pa, .-.;-...
A-^fQlrls •'td'..l<?.a.rn'ij\;Minerynow Jctr'.'sprtng; se*--^
' ';/ hnhi Vdtto season's Xajig-hf from. start to- flxUab -
V in' l-'month'- for.- $l£f rc«U!ona "as-'.lrjniixvrsi- 3
1 :• .as*lfsla.dles.'*et'c.\ gqaxanteed-at $"lO"per wTc up; :
' .- day>na>-.*-eBing cWs.* • "143'Stocktons't.;'^.. -13; .-;
. A-^LAri'ESr/tD ljarTi -a^J "b»A.ncni;a'-halrijfei(slrii "
'¦' traae; mrtnidiiTing, ••massas?, etc.- 1238-Mar--. .-
" "JteV-'St:. "tor.- Jones,- rbpm 94; posTt'dna .aecurrd.-
•-.:* at highest^wag'e3;..day "and vte. .elaaj:. call. -.".'"¦
-;A;*C?>"Jii > ETENT Gerip'an'-glri;-,ln'ddn*»-"igied>.-.toy,""
."": gejverUl- ioysewof k':>fl^d '.- 'crooking'.' for : . sm4*".''
• ' .'famlly-;.-ln: Oakland.: • Apply before " 12-. o'clock^:'
-.' TTleSday -ar.a.-.Weffnesclay- it-.il. OciaVla :st.,-
: •; a-ga'rt men, t - H-. . •'; -..'• ='•" .':'.",.•¦""••.¦;•:'..'••••• ..;¦-.'
TW6-e^pecieneiPd".saies-*Qm>n..*'for siilt" depart- ¦'.
• -msptr •mu^t.-AV.th'orcAighly- "competent. • Ap-.".-
'" . : ply- beiw,e«T* .> -ana .Ji»". a. ..m\- -CJ -CXJRTTK^- '
: ". ¦«ll.-*mJ 913. ..Market;. .-at. *• -...•¦- *, : -".- -':-." ; -, -. '
•Ai9"PEE ; A*TORS v "c>ri' -ladieir." waists. "te» Miv
.-• - rion -st*. .<hjid fiopiv • •.._ • V. . -...- " ¦•"• "'.. ' .*
' A.-^OPE-RAT6.RS'o'n-.:iftd.Ie's'.-, uri'd-r"w>ar. : <EJ« .
' ¦'..Slf*'jUpn'»t.',.*"thh:d; "floor.- .* /_._¦_ •' .-..'•, -.. V." \\
•A"-.-OPK-R'.V70'n3'".'on"- chlli}ren':s "'wash,' -»ulta-:"
•*op«J-'Pay-. f3'".- Mlssidn 'at.-. •"thi^d'.fUjor.. •"" -.-
• A^— i/lO5.'-E«S>:<Tri .-la/lies':.' and 'ch.iMren:s wearl'
• •.Ari)ly e5t> .Mission: st. third itfo.or. ;¦'.;'.. .: ¦-. ;• '
' APPRENTICE- wapred- lor- nillliiie'ry!'" *• 1*ilrt' ¦
; •man'-s.'Milli'n.^ry Store. -435 Ge"a*j: at;: • . • •-.•.:¦..'
tT-SMA-N^N'T "Vi6sltJ'i»ri" : -fo-'"a;ood.- solicitor- few"
; *lty wdrk. -512 Starr K*"hs bldg- ; 10 t» S p.- nju -'
•EXPERIENCED -Arm-, waltreis. "scanted; $9 a,-.'
.w.eeK; (Qperf hVilse- restaujaqt).".. 631. Clay St."; .
¦VV'OMJiN- -for- -country *; nousewpYk ;*¦ smal> fam.- •
• •'.lly; »ia.-. : Cail 3884 Seventeenth st.; »' to-2-.--'.
WANXCD-ftQitPt b<rdy lrofief; -also- sh4rt prU-'.'
¦ . . i>her" . . : fre.nch. Laundry '.Cb f . ; 337g Mission, st.- "
.WAIST harfdst and' siee've ¦ makers'. and skirt
hand-.* Xi'SI -Post at. " . • . ' • "'¦...-.
WANTErDr- First -"class -skirt -Jiands a«d also ¦
" waist flnlsheris." -CALLAGHAN, S30 O'-Far-.
reJl. st.'.. .-.. ' - ; ; ' : •*- \ " •• .
WOMAN "warned,, scrubbing "a'ntf dishwashln"?.
"-. Apply . s to It "a-, m-.. Hebrew Orphanage. 60O
•' £>f>vUader.o Vt. ;:good wages. ¦; ¦ . .:_••
¦ WANTBD^EXperlenced. waitresses. . 20 ThfnJ
str.pet.. "Call -after 10 -a'cfook •». "m»"- . .'
•TALENTED [antatetk* performers. Apply at
'.- Chvit-ea'© p." m. Wednesday! sala'ry n» object.
LESSONS. -given. In .ctittiiig. fitting for ladies'*
" tailoring- -or .any part -"faught. ".HOENIO.'
S19 .Fost st. ¦•'•.¦• ' '¦'¦ . • ' - m *
•.WANTED-^GerTna-D '.*6r Swedish' girl .for. lijrht-
• • house wbrx. •• 7.06 . * Hampshire; . st. .between
" ' Nineteenth' "and Twentieth.'" •'¦
-&T&"NOfinAP>IEn and >ash"ier.; • must, be *oo<J '
'"¦ lbcklng-.anii'.pleasinir mariner." Box tods'. Call
" office, Oakland. \- ,.•'-.•¦ -. ' * ,•• ¦ ,
-. WOXrAN to do men^lRX in" Institution, 'near*
' city. "525 a. "month "-and", fptjnd. CaC imj. *
"'Agency. U- TKlrd -st. . ¦ '.- - . *
" MACHINE . girl. "and "flri.isher. ca -»eats. 6fl.*4"
- ' !>t.9vens«iv if. . ¦ ,?-t,*.'aygy._iamf.|»i^J
•TVOltAN- tt>. establish "branch ' office In Stata.
Box" 237^.'. -C'aH-. ".-¦•'.*.'... • . ' • . '•
WANTED— Girl to assist with hpusework.
Fulton si^,- near FlllnJore. _ ." # •
•EXPETIl'ENCEp"' -ciiorolafe' dipper; piece, work. •
: Apply 22t BatteTy st.. ; / -^ .
. A 'VEST 1 operator: stead? work; good wages.
• App.Iy S..N> WOOD &:QO.. 27 Qeary at. >
.. .'¦ jfEtP.. WiATIib— 3»aLjS.. •-.:„""
•' AT .TIf E • CALt . EM P. • AGKNCT. ~~ 'T ""*.
•:-.'. '14."rhn-tl -st,; phone Bush *405. ; '• '
• ¦¦ Trtanrr.er.- 'sawmill,- $4O and boar<J. " •• ¦ ,
.. : ltall'an an^. Sla\>>pian-sblicif»rs. $2 a day. •"•".
•Pq'rter fnr lobm'fns-honse. ¦ $4*> and room." "•
Man. and."w"Jfe.. prune orchard: man- mu.»* un-
• ' derstand- .pruning, -cuUivaJilng an<J packing
.' prunes; wlf). to cooit afi.l BcAra t-he men;- $60."
PACIFIC ' FJU'tOYHENT AGENCT. " •*• '"
• * " " .' 52n— Montgomery sf.-r526.
:.•'¦ Pbrtn*. Main UtU-'-I.'Dslaira. - * "
. Machinist, d»e<"ger work^ xed.*bo3s her*"" $80
."and- found .and--lpereaiie; .5- voting; men, a^>-
' ¦ prentices; sash • and door fac.tory". country,
yi-Sft.day.. Increase: colored" cqo*«; prtvate
. "*amlly. $a.>aniffcour*d: mlliie'r and do chores,
. -n*r»r*.'-clti' i # $25 apd; found. " • • ' •
"Coal *mfr?ers. *te^" Mexfco; cafpentera. • "•
•A" COMPETENT foreman.* With r»ference». to
• manapp -U Rfntlfn^an'.s. larg^ coontry place;.
• . mint 'understand gardening. da4ry. poultry
general farming and the handlfng of men!
• 'Apply ANpi»E"S. :U7 Stivkton st.
• A— UOTEL G-SZETTI^rSjliontitomery, r 12-r
"' -Dishwasher; -country,' $C0; bellboy. $S6, no
rcom.. • . . . •
A— • " ".""- .T. * ~ * X»
, 'Men io learn the barber trad* Itt two mrmth*
'and sevyse good positions; catalogue and fftll
• 'Jn-f^rmatton mailed free. MOLER System
. College.- «35 Clay st.
".COMPETENT -bookkeeper for German hospital;
single man;, nufst speak and write German.
• -AdrSreSs, * giving reference. HENRY EH-
"STEIN, care German' benevolent Siwlety. ;;uo
¦<;¦ ary st. Maryaa^— «y
f 150 YbUNG men.- IS systrs of age. to rjsranii*
military organisation. .Call S. SZANiK tti
\ Valencia it., betweca 6 and 3 p. m.
.-..•.'¦
.'«. '• "• €.'¦ ." '' •":-.¦• • : - •' •
?iH3ISi^l-'"_? : !" TTSF;s ' Fctlt ' '?¦* '.•?~~r- w "-" •
£ s *'.'- '*•'.. -•' • .¦ • „'-...•. • t '..:- r . ¦'.'.
'.-:': • '¦;' ' ¦' '. ..MARfiON.-GRIFFINl". " '." ¦ .". '. ";
4W} Hearst- bu'lldln*. 'overvExamlne.r .entrkhce.
Modern -.business -methods in fine front offices.
Phone. Black.3607. or. tako elevator to-4tK- flo<>r.
¦Up-to-date- title -abstract 'free. -with, every 'sale.
>V e. do. business^ strictly : according .to' law"/. ."•
-.-' : - '!i'' ;. ¦'•••' SPECIAL NO.' ll '." . : -. ' : - " • •'..'
•; : CORNER, flat,. .8 "rooms;- tent '.$'>0; • 5 rooms
•rented • for. 552; splendid bathroom; new. porcer
•laln-baihturb; price .only''$450;. $1.30; down..' : .
."-'-. • '-. ¦"¦ - : .!-"SPECIAL" NO". 2.- ..'.'. J ;..."." "}\
. ."EL'KGANT, '.'new, -niodc-rh' downtown., house
¦P.f.-CO- rooms; hot and- "cold water;, .electric- -elgr-
.yator;.. steam .heat; In spjend'td nBlgh"borhood ;'
the-furni£hing's are of- the best, coriststihg of'
oak% . enameled -Irb.n -and" brass" beds." Brussels
•and-.Axmlnstcr' carpet's-, and -elegant hangings;'
leuse ./or.-8--year9; clears ?4(X»' a." months suit-
able ,rerms.". '.- • ' •¦'.¦.".'
. ' •'"• • ' -SPECIAL NO. a...* •¦¦".-. '.." '."
'.'UiiST- furnished. .3Q-rob'm"' house *in ' thisclly. •
•BEST lald'-out. 30-robm house ..In tHis elty,'
N.EW building; central; 3-year lease. ¦• . "
. . IfOirSE now clears about $200' month. '¦..'•;.-.:. !
:•• "• *• SPECTAIiS NOS.- 6 AND -7. " : ".
21 jooms" for salo because. qf family troubles;
worth 51SC0;.. ,wHl- .'sell for $1800; -low- rent;
cle.a.rr $75: month, " which can" be greatly ln.-
"creased; "roomers 'all mechanics, -good, honest
p.eople;. mortgage * ($9G0) rflay remain. ' : ..'•
.••.¦.\* ." .'" SPECIALS- NOS. 8 and 0-; .»: '
. . HERE'SlVOtJRCHAN'CE.lfyeu.act quickly".
-. NE\\.- MODERN House of. 45 rooms."' ¦ ¦ *•
•/NEW' FURNITURE; in good -location. '¦¦¦'
¦ 1AZASE for 5 Vedrs at a law rcntah •' • .
/ -ROOMING-HOUSE full of nice people,
• -ALL .you ne.ed to pay do.wn" is $1200. " '•"
• •'•• '. ¦ • '• NO.. 9. " .- "
tfOVf Is your opportunity (It taken advantage
.oL.at once), to purchase oije 'of the finest 1C0-
ro'crm" apartment-houses "in San -Francisco; the
p>ice. is nominal' for' such a' house: exceptlon-
•allj'-;, well 'located; beautifully '.furnished
throughout;- long. -Jease at-$5 • per-room; .the
A-ery best bargain., which we* will prove -to.* you
.If* j;ou,wUI. investigate. *.'
' ' "' ' ' "isPEClAL, NO'. 10. •-. • '•
: 20 RQOMS,. $t'5O; rent $40; -electric lights in
all roorfs;* lease If desired;' north 'of Market'. '
: MARION GRIFFIN,- rm.- 4.0C Hearst bldg. •'
¦ *7~7 : .' • '.
'.'•.•¦ " SPEOTAL' NO. Ik' •• * "
. 12 ROOMS, NE.. CORNER north .of- Market;
rent flQ; fine location: "9 rooms- 'nicely fur-'
.n.lshed and- '3 rooms, rented unfurnished:" price '
.cut «o. jrioo.- ] .i t-ash. • .- • ¦[•:.': i •
- 'MARION GRIFFIN, ran... 406, 'Examinee bdg*.
.-•"•. • SPECIAL XO. 'lS". . '•• : '-'
$27& PER MONTH inc«?nie over rent: -lafge
hoiiFv; .central; "vice $330O; if, cash *tnd little
"morithly installments:, furnishings ln-gcrod -or-
der,-; it's A No. 1 for" you if you have $'l7."i6 in
cn.vh. "...... ' • . .':.:¦• I. •'•';."."••.•;'•,...•.•••
•;'.MA*RI0X; finiFFlN',. rm.^OG.-Exarriiner.bdg.
A-*r$i000 Chouse of SO room's,- 37 beds; rent $100,"
,- • lease of.4 Vea.rsi.good' furniture: joom's "always
; occupied. See R._ GV WILKJE. 26 Vj Kearny St.*
•EDrjX. ••51S— An upper flat' ot 8 rooms; .sunny
. all day; 'well furnished'; a .bargain.. •¦ * •.
;$16<)d; 23-.liQOMS;-flne furniture and carpets:
' .-.north of-.Market; gogd" Income.' Box 17.54, Call.-
'.A: WE.E1C-S' news for. 5 cents — The Weekly. Call •'
. 1.I8 paggs.ln'wrapper. for mailing. $L-pep'ye4r, •
.'CARRiST; BKATfNG AND ¦CLKA.M.Vfi.
Aljt..ndw -unlveVsallyluseii in- cleaning carpels
• on .floor,, without removal ;• price ' moderate.
• • g.» - F..-- Compressed • Air Cleaning Ctr., Ca*ll
. : : -boildlhg," Phone- Mai.n 5237. ' -.- . '•'••••
you b.ecbme- dis'grusted wlfh'-your Work
•¦ .s.end.for SPAUi,DING'S"Plo-neer. Carpet-beat-
• ¦• ing -Wor){«. .'355-357 Tehama St. ;tel. South A0. \
iYEStHRN." Carpet Gleaning Works. lSM'Har 1
;.. rl?on Btvj-Al. clMtnlng; 3c.- Tel. "Mission 22.A '
fi'OP,KE -BROS.;' excellent carpet'bea.ting-;'rriat-
• presses made oven 1432*Howard:t?l.St>uth 21ft.'
".ADyANC'li Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.';.
-. --'tel,- •I!ajn.-"S"H. > G"EO. WVCLCOMS; CO.,- Props..-
¦!R"U-p.O£.PH-&GO:-. carpet-beating works:' prices
- rgasbnatile; - 17D3 Harrises "st. tel ". Mission 2lJ3.
:.GONKLlN'S'. -Si/perlor* Carpet-besr{lng .Works, •
:-..53«VGold9n" Gate ave.'; telephone East 26.. '
: % ". '.' • " ." : ' • SPiniTUALISM. ." ' " ' • "
"MRS.-DR.'M"ARTiS-. wondertul spinitual healer
j an A business medium; feaUlngs dally. $1; do-;
velbping- class" Thursday S'p.°nj. .502 Eddy s't.'
:!M^E-"*PHILL"IPS^-Cnair\oyahjt;cardfeader,25(f'
:¦". apd 50ci.flUyre revealed,'" sat; guar.; hrsi,. 10-8-
>. .tiail-y .except Sat. $23 Market s^.; suite 81-2..
'MRS. t-ESTER,- 32S.-Tur.k st.-; life reader, biisi-'
•ness medium; read. daHyscir.Tues.&Thar.25c.
"\V. O. KEEGAN. holds test' sekneesfevery til'ghC
'• ..except .Sat-:. .10c; -sU:'"10 -to.5.''I48 Sixth st. ¦
MME.- XOUN^G'S-- genjilhe' ••'spirit., messages- to^
. night 16e*; readings daily. 01,i> MQAUlster st...
•ELISE SRAUN. cenowned . psycHlc.-. My r.ead-
" Ings-- demonstrate w.6riderf'ul'hpwers. SSO Bush.
.EDWARD' EAR'LE,. 1052 ElMs; readings dall-y,-
,* .0:3(>-U> 4; -stances Sunday 'and "Thursday.' •
PRPF.'-FRED EV.ANS, ¦nofed- clatrvpyant "aivl •'
•.-•slate-writer. 1112. Kctiy 'st.-. Phdhb •ScO'ti 857/
, • '; ... ' .;. ciiAin-vpYAivTs."- ¦;.•.••-;•: ..
A ".GREAT.. CJUT .IN PRICES.- '•].' ¦¦"'' '¦-.
'•..¦•."'.•:• • ' Call" at boce- ami' save |4. .
His former. |5" rtadings this.- we<eX' tor." ..
"' . $1." $1..$!.- $1.. -SI. $.*.. -fl.-; «l, -$L- $1-.."..:
• >"0 CHARGE * ; NO CHAROiE •¦•
Urifeps -you* obtain ."the lnfor'rtiaUgri.foF -which'-
•.-•You corrsult him-.' " . ' •
. •' '•-.'• -.-'(You'tofia full Judge'.) ".- -...• •'.
PAUi.. DE-STINe!'.' • " "
The -first registered trance cjalryot-an't "ind.":
'• .' .Palmist ever' in- San Frapclsco. .' • ..
• Read .carefully." ' An- honest Rronosjtrbn.
. 1 do hereby -solemnly agree ana guarantee:
. to malic no charge If 1 fail to. t'ell your iams, 1
•oscupatlon and"-wiiat y»u called" for; I prom-
'Ise to tell you If husband, wlfe'or sweetheart
¦ An true, or faJ;e;- t§ll whom and when" you
' wlU marrj'. »ln fact I .*wiH.-tefl -every .hope,'
fear or. ambition better than" you can tell
yourself; I restore lost affections,, reunite the
separated. «?ause bappy marriage., make ypu
, Bucce"ssfuj in lite, cure dfSease »nd lost -vital*'
Vy, dev-tjlop .medinuri's, grive advice on mines.-
" a*nd burled treasures .-and ifisjire you success
or charge rlotbln'g f cfr "my services; 10 a.-m..
• to 8 p. m.; Sundays 2- to 6. '. •"
, # 32£"-O'Farfell st.— ,126.'
M,ME.' M. BfcRNARD.' • . T"f*E FAMOUS,
Clalryoyanfc- and business medium, perma-
• nently located at 17-Third st...riext Exftmtrwr
" b!rljr:-;.sl*e reads your life* c-orroctly, gives an
accurate .d^serlntlon of .the, past.' reveals' the-
• p"resent happenliigs a^na portr'ays' events to "
occur" In 'the 'future: rf'you. ar^ -fh trouble,
dlsconterrted or not'«atlf<fied "wljth life, or have-
domestic, lov'e or. business 'troubles, consult
this great medium, and you- will be told:hpw
' 'to •vercdme them; valuable, advice" ii> all.'
. affairs of life; 25c upi s?uisfa6tion gua-ran-
• toe*!; reAdinKS by mall. . Tel." Blaek: 4,"it'9: - -
1SJ4AR. tlie- EKyptlan 'alairvoyant and
palmist, pernianentjy -located af 4104 Market
i«t.. .cor. -Turk; private readings 'dally. • 10- a. •
. m. to 6 p. ra. ; re'adlngs bjr maii as -satisfac-
tory .as Ih person; "3 questions answered, $J;
full life. $5; send lock of" haJr. date of- year
• of. birth; don'.t send" cnrj-ency; send postofflce,"
. Wells-Fargo money fit regis/tered.letter..
TilE' only prfglnal. Roman Gypsies. 1 ri" the cUy;
palrrfiatfj, -clalfvoyants..' card, readers, trance-.
•mediums;, we have given readings to. 10.000
•. people In 'San Fra'hclsc'o .- since our arrivals
-thejr are 'satisfied. *p. will -you b«.' 285 Gea.ry.
. •"'. • JMRg. El -M" SANDERS. •• ' ~ '
Palmist- and; ps>'ch"ic; 'advice, 'on business;'
;e.acnVr of merrtar suggestion -and the hew'
thoughts lOCJr Sutter' St.; Phone 2563 Pplk.
Evenings-and Sundays by. appointments.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gjfted^rlair. & -palm*.;
•. I correctly, treat your love affairs, domestic-
trouble, bui. and - financial, success; names;-
. ;L-.-50c; <i.. $1.' 714; Franklin. nK O. G.'ave.-.
MI8S M." .WILLE. cnys'taf- seec 'life- reader;
• without asking aqiestlon reads, your entire'
• life; special; SI this week* only. 460 Geary.-
M.RX A. II. KRONEN-BERoi, palmist.'. clftlrV
voyant.card leader* when qthers /all try me;
good rendlngs .l©c. 721 Franklin. -nr.G-.Q. ave.-
•A*— Mme. Ravenna reads life.; business* advi.ee;
names Riven;* 25c up." 5 4th at., hear Market.'
MME. " MARSEAU, card. ' reader; l'adlos'~25cl
gents 50c; hours 1 to'tf. 120 Sixth st. '"':'.'.
OLDEST lady.palmUt and card reader In city."
2(>Hr Kearny,- room 20: ladles. 25c; gents. 50c."
MISS WARD, clalrvo'yant. 917 Market, rooms.
11-12; piV^s, dates, names, f»ic»s: hours. Il-!>
MME. 'WALTERS, great card reader? laT^Sc;
g"ents 50c. 051 Mission s-t.V nr. Cth; open Run.
MRS. . BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, * re-
ir.oved from 1.12 6th'- to 2.3",4 6th: 1. 25c t . g. 50o.-.
MME. LE FERN, card reader, of 100 F|f.th
St., has ramovfdtb 1.1S Nlnthtsf.' ;"
MRS. BAUMANN,- "the- well-known Iortun.e-
• teller. Is now at 317 Kills at. . "'
"MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: «lt-
.-.tings'dally. 44S"i Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6tb.
: EMPLOVJ!I*XTWAXTEP- r PEMAI.B. I
¦ ' f . ¦'¦* — *¦ »'» \ — y>-. »-f '¦ '¦ ¦'. ¦ 1 -.- i
YOUXG .respectable married ".woman of expef 1-
'• . enc"?,- no . incumbrance, wishes tp_ -njana^j*- «.
*. roojningthouse' oh. will ...buy ..pn". payments.;
.. -.Box- 1057. CaH'otffce". Oa*klarid;- -.". '.:..'" , •'
A'SjVEDl'Sri' lady. Wants to." do. chlimNjrwdrX
'. jri ' rodmr'ng-'house 'from- 8.. t-i . 13 : first-class.
•" '"werke'r: 'Address- MRS-.' " H^N'Sb'O.V, ' -2f
•¦ ;-Rlngeld V ;¦•'•*. ¦¦' : ':' : }'. ' :¦ -.' •••'•-"•:-•" "•"''
.STRPN-G German girl.'.jrood "pook.--" w'apta. 'po? :
.'¦sHi6^- for' kitchen '"ani ••h,bust-w"6rk;.;.Anleri ¦-.'
• ? caft famllSv. '. A'ddre.ss.-box 2S2O.". Cair.o?n.Ly..
SWEDISH" pirl . v;ii?h<;* geh'erat hbasev/ork ' fer-.
• * foefkirig "in : an •'Akdcrlccn*' fam'ifjr. .-"AddTe'ss"-
22S\ ChinUU.t'bec st.';.- wages. $;«); ¦'¦car:.fgyev ; '.
JiY •yo'ung": lady", -position, .aa" .aas'.stant -booK-r-
' -keeper or: bill "cleVk; himb*r-" business .-pre-;
•; fe-rrecL; fefereftfe»,;-Aa:dfeiis.;B:". 'bo.t 2242; Cilt;-
GOQD'cook wanjtp kitchen w-orkVcan give, ref *
' -'..Address 'box- 2993." Ca>l office.' -, . '.
•A "LAD.Y". ta-k"."»-'wa^hln"^-'Korne;-"opeh..'.a':-E .dry. ,
•' JEmone...F*i1 ;i on,. ".'•...' . .'.' ; '• •" ' *¦ * •*.*¦ "¦' '.' '.-••./
¦AN ; experienced •tenqgraplier. • and * a-ailstant •
' " bookkeeper ' deaires-pcsltloni.". "^ox '-2JVK' Call-.'
A JAPANESE srirl '. wato'ts. sicsjtioh;- t(J.: * heij)'
dressmaking:" wa'gf*:. $1 j5Q a flay. .v Please.
• •call.er'yrltfc 325*-; O'FarreJI st.-'- '..- '.. . ' ¦•
JAPANESE- girl- wlshea •'•position.' lzx :prtYat»
. '. family ;.'oan do plain- cooking:.. Call 2J43F1I1--
¦ -rn'or.e .sti . .." . . • " .* • . ' - ¦¦.•...-.¦."¦"•''¦••
ADyERTlSEMENT.S..sUDscrlp.tlop> reeeiv«d »t :
•'Ca,Jl'"-braDcli office, cor. Pu'nca.n. & 'Chu rch.'als. ;
"W;ANT-.ab> '*.ad'- subscrlBtlons. iaken" tor'Tiie.
Call a-t.'Eaton's Bazaar. -633" McAllister 'sr.' *
j 1 . . '.. . ' ' ¦ .¦ ; . ; ¦ — —
'• EMPLOV-MEVr.'. WAXTia.b^MA^Bi; ¦ i* "
"COACH!! AJ.* wants- situation;.- uAd«rntan<r»-"h'(s:'
'¦ Jjuslnesa; well; -good, -""careful driver"; . ".car#, j
• garden-; caa. milk-,. good "city "and- cG'inrtrjr. ref-.i
¦ereness"; s&lierj.. respecta.ble;.'-'- E. ••Si,-"Me,w.j
'* .\Vestt;rn*H.ot"el. ' .: '. • '• " ." ' '¦'<;/'-. V : .^"'
: o " ' ' '-*— * ' i. '' ' '.¦ .. ¦"'.¦' .. ¦'. 7* 1
Ji'AN- wants work; • housa " qla'anlng',- window
." washloRt farpets taKen. lip -and.-relajd;. paint-;
• l»j'g-.- wbltecwnshlng." garden wock, etc. ,\ddreis-
•A,.PAYXE, Howard Hous>. 81$ : Hdward -.Bt»"-- ¦
•A" GARDENER :.who .know* his . '"ddtieV '¦' la
floral.' also* vegetafple" prbp'a.gatlo'nv. a*30-;fleJd-
•' fultuce, jiairy work,'. etc. ;' t'allfcrnl.a: refer r :
e'riccs. Addr.rts, Gardener, W7 Minna, tt.:. '.• .-
W-AN*'l"liD— By ."experierrced ". yeunsr-- florist .anil.
• .t'q 1 .' take -charge -.of. big place, either
•= prlvaje :or. cbmmerdlal : singly; '."refereaeei.-
Addresa.-B._"H.. .bo< . 23d5.-"Call of flee-. / •'. .- . ' .'
SHOE "saiesBia'rj ; -<horoUghJy experienced* i • some
. experience' in department store;, cemp.ewnt^ij
:take't;"harge of.-'dep»rtni«n.t:-'g"ood* referenc.?"*..
: Address' Uox "-'S6^.- qa.il; office. .¦•;.' .- ¦¦¦ '... • •;¦
WaK'TED— -Situatlpri tty elderly- "man ;.*ri/:'U6P>
-.." ; work^ assist, in lau-ndry': can." rid": pcerfaises" of:
• rats— eail'.or -address -ll.:'J:'. Central -House.-
• " .'-' :¦.¦;¦ " •.^*'.' V . .]¦..•¦¦.•_¦:'
..CANXpiAN cl^fk : deslres .position; In :flrst-.c*aS3.'.
• • lki-ue'r store; 'capable- of taking charge; .best'flf-
• references- . Apply bp$'2Sll?» C.arT-.of flcg.. r y- '
BAItTENDER wlio-play«. -piano .and' s"ini»'-waijtB ¦
work-:' country roadhous.e or. hb'tel- ' Address-
" . box" 240t.- Call; x>fftce. •"¦..••"¦ ; ... * -¦ ' • '_
•'WAXTED^-Posit'ibn '-arf-iboo'likeepes, • -c-ollectcir ¦•
" "or" "manager, of, small "business., "couptr.jr or'
' c"lt»'by young irian 27' years jjf.age;'-«;an give-
bent of "references, "and- .any km6unt- of .boitd. ¦
. -Box- 2204. -Call "office"-'' '. -.* ."., . . "' . • • .- "' . ' ;
PLUSjBER-^'jitric'tljc "first-class, .-.will .=wirfe .fdr-
". property -owher ' or. .estate -by- 'the w.eelc-..or -.
. -nionfh:.'has-aU'-neeessary sftop i -tools.; '.city pi"
: country. Bgx 2943. ¦Call;*-offlce.; * ; -.. . •-••.¦
.WANTElhT'By' e,xfiertew:ed. y*6unj : .florjst : arid
.* card^rierttb take"- charge *of: big- pl.ape.","9lthe"y:
¦' prlv^t'fr' or . cdnrmetcial-; ¦ sjlngle;. -rererencea.--
'¦ Ad.<ces!r'B..)H.,..box 2305,: Cp\l' o'f.flee.' •*.; : * .
A TRUSTWORT>iY n»*»n..'3S",. wants "pojrlti.oh".
" as- nisht .watchrftan;-. carl fnr"nish.-ffrfere"nceS..
'•liAddres's:'!/ .B.,- 756- 'F-olsorn- St.. ;'¦ .':.•¦ J " "y '.. .
CHra6PODIST — -First-class-;-- wants", "position;
. state eaJary; -"Address" Doctof. K'JSr.rjarw.e.ll.st.
'A "TOUNCi mih, .'"g'ooja ref*»renc«;s,"un^erstahd's-
• hbrses'.'apd cows, wls"hes al posltlpri.jpn pYivate- •
. ••place, or .on a cTiic"te.h/i-a-ncli'.v--Addi-esa;i>p-x
' 2S24"; Call office.- . ••'•.'•'*".'.' . "¦•¦' : -'* •;..:'-.:_..
POSITION of- trtist --or" collectdr. by .-a." .mlddler"'
, aged' married m4n; rfrst-cla»s"r!ffer.enee;-froif».
• last position -ot • 30 .years. -Address box 297JI..
' CaH office: • "• .'; ' ./'•• '¦'. :;.'- ;• - •;.:".
SITUATION" xCan'ted^— Barljer;." "flret-dass ydung
• American", desires pcsUlprfat.anpunfaJri res'o.rt
¦for'sea-sbn 1904;. 8«ady- "reltable; .cttr re"<e*r^
• ="e.ncfe. - Star^. particulars. 'et.cV:-gox 2241., Call:
"A^ RELIABLE, -sober -*"ana ' inaiistrJSus* min-
.wishes work -of . any kfnd;-'."clt>- .or
•• writos a -good* hand and •ls-qulck'.-a.t figures. •
¦" Bttx-g>27,' Call office. • .•.'.' .". - - •'..-'•..••
"YjOUNG married -man".' giod bablts, -want's "dc^
•' Rttlon- in Stock. Exchange :wltJV opportunity .-
• *of. learning- business. ."Adiress" bbx.2236 > "Catl-.."
STENOGRAP'HER. flr»'t-clas»;. m'ani" il years!
.experience • th of flea -work"; .desires "posHloti;'-
• • good, -.reference. . . Ad>d;re*.s . Bo">c • -2070". -CaH"..* • .
A'YDU^G m'ari" wishes* a, clerical po'sU-lon -in •
• fftercantlia . hojase;'. satlsfa'ctp^y • 'references
' given. ..Box. 2091;. Cal'j, 'office.-* .- * • : ; ¦¦*-¦• •-
ADVERTISER'" (ag»d 37) w£nts : place is "clecH'
• or 'collector; 'good reference!): bond. • A^di^ss
'• G. xi-NAU. -.701- Stt»ckjt>n.-«.t.",. -cUy-.".:.- ....*•.;'
'A l"HbiibL'itfHJ.iT-u'p-tOTdate, saldsrniin want*
: OHe ; o.r morfe- artlcjss to •'¦el*,---to-: this'- t-tade. '
•' "Box 2S02;*. Call office: - .-¦ '.'¦•';' _'-. ...*• •¦; •'
POSITION- wanted -.air-- coAch'ma.ft; .Crs't-cla-«*
' re/erencrs; 20-years". expertence",. .. Box-.202.4j,
'. 'CarU: office.' ' .'.' . : * * - : * ."•'-"¦*¦-
.-ALI. round- cook, 22 years' eiperl.e;ric«;..r'estau-
. . rant jot', hotel. ' city or- country Address ..box-"
-..'2'82I, Call' office.' .".' .: * • -.".- ' .-. : ..-- .-*- •'."• *.-
"A FtRST-CLASS bartender apa. mjxer." fishes ;
• a position: good feferane'e. . TelepttiJne Geary
¦3124. j .Addtesa 15' Masonic . : aTe-.' .-'; ¦ ••"
A MIDDLE-AGED all-r»un"d : handy Jriaft. 'boV
ber and felHh'e-. *desirip» .-steady, "ff.ork: -. 2-
Hatnptort court, rear 66S Harrfson st. : ". • *
WANXED-^Posl'tlon as Jvad janitor 'or ¦ superT.
lnfend«nt • of. building; • best ¦ of. references,.
•'Box 2009. CaH .office. ¦ .••.'•' .-..
YOUN*p- draugntsmah wa«ts home wdrk". .S:
. T., '4' Carlos _p lac?.-. . v. '. . • . "¦ . .- . .".
-YOVXG.man Wants work" Sat'ufday;,i?ve.n."ln'gs.hi
store.. Address box -2S27,. CftH. office. .-. •.- •
BOY. 'age 16," -wants ppsltltrti in wholesale .
hj)iise." Box 2Sl-f», Call office. -. .• -..''"-
WA-Na"El>n-Sltuatio*n' -as -second ' butch*r in.
fi"rsf-rlass hptel. :G," HILL.' 452 Natbma st.
YPlj'NG.'man" wishes position. -Bpx'2.773. C>li-
"office. . ." --.. • ¦ . ; • " . ' " ¦•' - • •"
•STOUT boy"- wants, job; good, "referendes". . Box'
• 230^ Call office; ' .-" .* ' ¦¦ . *V. *.-
STOt'T* bov wants Job: good references.- - Box"
¦• '2392.. Call-- office. -•.-¦¦"¦- • " . • • :
I WANT to take Charge of
In" absence -of owner. Box. 2375," Call.-* .••"
PIPE fitter, machine operator'.a-n&'-dlerriaker.
148 Sixth at.-, city. . v .- . " •
YOL-NG- Chinese wcyld like a sltuatloW as eboje V
•wakes -$o5 to- $-10, Address Jj., S.INtS.'; -7.
•Brerjnam. place. ' ' . . ¦. ¦' -. .- ¦
¦A N^Cli Japanese bey w.aHt's a Rosition as
' .Ilshwasber In hotel or.hoa*7llnff r hpuse-;'speaV!S
. English very well. .Addross GEORGE. '528.
'.Stevens-on'st.; phone Mlnt-324L" •• •" • . . ..
JAPANESE. schoolboy- who was kept 3-years.ln ¦
. his'flrst family -waijts- "second family. A. .T.*...
.' 121.Haight st. .-'••.. ;- ' *• .-•¦'
¦ . ; > * . ' ' . M ; FI.VANCIAL. •' , V " '':
'¦' .;• • ".'•"•• ' 4V4- PER CENT .' .' •.•'.•."''
Is" rali on ordinary- sayings' accounts an,d «
¦• .per -cent 'on term acobum's "by -the- phoenix;
SarvingS'Bi ah.d-L. Association, 516*CaTi(6rtiia-
. st..- A. A. Watklns.- bresldertt; Charles R.
• Bishop; vifee-preside-rit; .* S. • .Prentiss . Smithy
'tr-eaaurer; Clarenc.6 " Grange,- secretary- and.
•'mh'naglng director;" :Ga via. McNab,- attorney;
George' .<?¦ Boardman and.'X:har>e? E.. La'dd,.
' directors; .Walter K. Smith, ctfshher.. ....
' Snb#cfi*ed-' capital. $S:QO0;00O: paW.ln'Fapl-
•*.tal. $1.060.{)0p: reserve fund. $2<K),0OQf. ... : "
COMPANIE-S lncdrpbrated." financed and stocK
' J. floated. " W. H. BLTTNER. Lawyer'.-and/TCI--
'•nanclai "Agent, 323 Emma- ffpreck.ejs" bldg: *
• * ."V. FEATHER REXOyATINft. '¦ *. * ".'.
BY -neV.* healthful process:. Cat Steam FeatheJr
. Co- "S25. Vkfl Ness .a.ve. :. tel: Ho war* 3187. .
•'•¦ ... j. . FLATS. TO liKT. • .' *-. .-.¦ ,"•"
•A— HOUSES afid flats tor let« an Immense list:
" -service absolutely CaX.e a'dyantage "of
•thin department: It will "save yo"u time atid
trtrjble. Cordts Furijlture Co., 245-259 Geary
• ".at.. on the square. ' .- • .
1 ' . . - ~ * -. •
ALL or the most /iestrable flats" and. houses are.
• listed in - our renting department; let us give
you a list and hfclp" you find one In the. loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
. COMPANY, 1030 Market at.; services abso-
lutely free. ¦ - BBFH5HE3M
LARGEST list of. houses and flats to let. Call
• on.L-TON & HOAo, 11H Montgomery st. . .
SUNWY. flat, 5 rooms, batlv yard; 525. -218
Willow avc, nr. Van Ness, bet. Eddy & Ellis.
J 03N. D.; SPEECgEIiS; .proprietor. '
j/ffhgj frtSiairas jojSgrjScSAD&HT.'Kaiia'gEJ ;
W.-.J. MARTIN* -. ¦: .Business. -Minager
- •- " V- • '¦.'¦rELEPHOXE,;*;.^' " .*-,. •"/. ¦¦
A^k frr' THE.CALt. The Operiitor- Will C°a-;
isCct You .;Wiih' the . pepartment;. Yau AYtslk '.-^
PL-bficsitdB Ofhce': : .-'.^larket a.nfl Third.. 8, F. •
CAitorXal RbdmV; '-. 1..;.217 to . 22L .--gteVenson. .*t.
D*:iOe^e<j;by. da'rriera;--i % 0-'Cts: >ec :-Week; 78",
'- Ct«. -f-ef "Month. - Single Oopjes -6 Cent*. " ¦"
T«.iii:V by Mair -Including" Postage <C8>h With
." • ••'•-•; " :':¦:: Order): "••' *: ?'*. YJ'Zj'li
DAILY CAI^LlVihclud.' Sunday*).- 1 year., v .$S:00 .
! :'-«in..VcALL (includ.-Sun^ary)', e.'roos. ¦•'.-'¦ 4 M>
. I>A 1 CA* CXL*1>-By jBiBtik- Month.'-. . .'.-. •> r ' •6^-":
>l VOAr CA.CC: .1 YeaT-.......'......... ; ".- : :.2 : .W
«Tr:CLT CALL. 1 -Yea.r.. ;..-.."...../..-.< 1 <*>
¦fC'E-av ¦ . f Dally'.-. .$S.S0 Per Y*car Extra ¦
rcfiScP : "" n*Supday.":4.T5"-Per Year Extra
rCfc.TA.GE..- \ w «kly:.l.y«.Per Year *Extra
ALL POETMA : t?fE-^S A"ftE " AUTHORIZED
. • ' TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS." "V "
Cample. .Copje* .jwffl; be forwarded- when xe- :
" ••¦•"•¦¦." qiiested. '¦.¦':¦¦'¦ .-'."¦'¦ '..
. M * ;1 B{:becrlb'ere ' t-n-." prderlnir "ibanx* . of -. a£r .
<•->? rhould be ¦ particular to Tlv? *oti- >'EW
AND "CL,D.-ADfiR.ESS -Jn .order -to. "Insure- a>
prcn:;t ata " correct compUatrca with -their: re- •
¦¦¦ .•¦•".:; ',' . ¦ • ;• ••". ;- ¦• ; ' •.'.;-.. .'
..-.'' '" ' "' • ' O AELAK*P '' OFFiCE.- . 'i^-' - -'^.
IJ is ; Broadway .;. ; . s . . . ...-. '.Telephone Stain 1083 :
'¦••" -.¦.'.' ' -OFFICE.-'" "••'¦•' ':_;¦
J"*^ Center -Street...--.-. . . .Telephone _N ertli Tt
"¦; ¦ WA-EiriNGTbS- CORRESPONDEN'T .
¦ C A ML'ELj- W: W-ALJU ..i .*..-.". .*. . Hotel Bartpn
' ' S " • ' X ?F" TORK. NEWS STANDS: ' . :
¦f*a:4orf-Astcr!a • Hotel;- A. • Br«tanp.' .SI
Vricn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth -are*.
*~* HcteCahd :Uofeman' House. "-.; l\_ V.'-/ . -.. ¦¦'.'..
- ' " : .CHICAGO. NEWS'STA^DSV >-.-'-. I'..
' :fh»fBua "House;. -.P Oi .Sfewa . Co.; .Great
Ncrrhern Hctei-; "Tremonf- House;' Au.ditorium-.
¦Hc.c!;..Piiiaer -Hp'.nse].." .'.".* ..• ¦" ."•¦'...-,.. : "-".
'-. ' ' CHICAQO- REPRESENTATIVE: .:"
C. r,zoii.GE kROGNESS..MarqueU»s BuiiaiEg-
«l-or.g. D>s.ta.nce' Telephone.- ."C«ntra4.-2619.");' • ".
. **.'. NETW TORK REPRESENTATIVE :, ." ¦] :• .
e"IXPJiE>T;.B:; SSIITH. ..':."30 .Trllpupo Building •
. * • NEW • YORK'. CORRESPONDENT: '.'
••¦C. C* CAKLTON -¦-;.•... ,;..'.»; ...Herald iSquare
•_'E"FJN.ECS. OFFICE- of- 'The.' San \F.raa'fc"f <jo <' :
¦ t -Cel!.. corcer JJarkef and Third streets;- open
¦- ." UKjl 12 -p' clock every "nipht in'the .year"
• '- • . : -- .'BRANCH OFFICES:" ¦ , . - '
:JOf>S .Market etreet,' opposite .Fifth: open, until".
. •¦ll'.-r.'.-m.." ¦¦".¦.-/:;•¦¦ ¦' ¦••..¦I' ¦-.;•.-• ..'¦-¦•.
•*?7 . MVirt-gcjrj.ery- rtreet, corner Cla'y.;: epeq »*"-'
. ¦<«'».*30,'p.'-.-nL,':. .'.-.• '-¦,.".•¦•-.¦: '.". •-:¦:•'
t( a .rjayes* Etreet ;" open Until. 8 :30- p. -nv -. ' 7
•VZ> Mo Alfister. street: open- vntijh 9-.30' p.-. a- ;.
CIS .Iiarliln 't-treet;' open until P:'M).p;'m.- "'.. ¦ -.
..3r<;! Mij^io's'itreet;' open until 16 p. pi". : .: '. ..
•5.261 Marker- "street corner 'Sixteenth;'* open sa- .
-" t!!-a p. ni. -. •""-. • "•" -." ; - ... :-.. • • ,v~."---
¦¦Uf.. E.vvenrh ftreet; open ' until • "8 p. m.' ". - - •
• > r t« Valencia' street; open ''until » p.- ml ¦.•¦.."., -.
. N6rth*asf ccrner" Ciurcb abd. Duncan streets:
;* vpeh .u'r.til 3' p. m. . • ". :•.•¦'..- .-.".. ;;-.
'•Ncrthr.-csf corner 'of ,Twjen.ty--seccn4-an4.Ken«
."• tuck'y. ttreets.; .ep<-n unUl--9 p..'m..- .= " : -.'.'
.-.;¦ \ : .' : :. ' inkETi\« "riQ-TicEs.;"..-" V :¦¦¦ '¦
.-"'¦>..'-Ai.IFORKiA'- r 'Ghapter." X6."-'5.- 2R: -A,{: ' «¦'.' ¦ '
."."¦M.. -:w.m- -meet •-. TftIS "VST - :
'.-• ;.'E\'-CNlNG;.March".*L*. at 730 o'clock.; /\r\
.• . S:4te*i"m«etirig.' and. R."A\" degree. -BV"'. ¦'¦':¦ '¦¦
¦ prdef bt'the'Hv P.'- •.¦'¦• "'¦¦'.¦'¦ '• . v; » -¦
¦'•"'..: .'._ ;¦. ¦¦\FRASi<LjS;H. bA'-g.Secret-ab'-;. ¦¦'::
¦ORIENTAL" Lodge- . 'Np,:. -T44;.'F'; -ana A. "'•' « " . '
".M—^Stafed ¦'¦. mcf-tins X'fIS'- ¦¦(TUES-'VY :
* -. : DAY>- SVEN1NG at )5 'o'-ClAck."- - "¦ ¦'¦¦
¦. _¦¦.."• ;•;"•>.¦ A. .P.- W.yjBB-VRD:' . Secretary^ .:¦ - . ..
' G«?L1»EN GATE .'L~Jg<» 'NO: ;3<V F; ind -'2! '"¦'
..-A. 11. ¦^Stated me'-tlng.--tKIS-"<T^"ES-.".*VY-
: j -.1 rA rKEyg-SPfQ tit" 7 :30"t)fclooki-,-- • ¦ /\T\
.•"'-•'¦I ruWIN L/.-MEV^ER,' Secretary..- .'. ."; .- -;.
.G-'-i-U'EN. GATE; Lodge N6: 2tit,; J : ¦¦'.. • jW^. "- .
", 'Or ;«i»_. "K. — *Memt>er!=. j-ou .'are re ; q?jitf3l£.*jx&- '
¦ ' , ¦¦ ' ¦-*¦ '¦'•'>'. atteiid- .'our. ' n 4 x l ¦ '?-^--.<Sfe^^ 5
.tiit«tin*f*il-8.rcJi libavizisisjpi.ini-:- "^^S^rt^ 5^
• "• jxrtiac* -.Tviil "-be "xj'anEacted;. -d-i.scUssion - oh .
. ft'i'tipn <if *Grai;.d Lodge. and inl-
.- li.ation.; " .. ; . -FRANK- LU'TUEY." .X".- <>. i ;
¦'XKtOOASl- • B.^hevb.lerit . • &."cjeii "^The' Vj^J^-
.••:-.---.r 'quarterly -meeting wtIV : -be-a55&M'
' : Id .-atrih-elr-'iali. 413 '. ¦ -. r^^^?. •
. WfcDXESDA^Y Ey-E.VING.-Marfh. 2. <?&£& '
."-. l"it>4.- at 8-orcJi>ck iliarp..: '; Appropriations a/i.r
• aerations- and ether '.yerj-'irnp'vriant "business
' 'tul be'tra-nsact"ed.. -Each -aiid every, nrembiet
. "is req'iie'sCed "t.q 'be "present." •' Fines ''.toF-n'on,-.
' aitenai'nce' w : .;il' b'e-5trjctly--*nf6rc'ea. -By^Vder.
." • of . " " :¦'¦ . i.".V?.-. stANfeARf ; '. President: ¦ .
: ' ' /LE- W.ITT W/'TOLli/ReA. -Sec.-- ¦',.:. '¦'; :^-'
. AX.\t"AE MESTlN*G-;Paa.u*hau ."Stj^ar. -Pliata-
-.<t1cn" Coinipa^y-^The feBular" a nni^iil ."meeting..
? f- tr.e'.ftockhclder* .Xf :"the" P&aiihfUi- -SUtta.r
•Plantation . Copr.any-.. wfil -be ' "held; ' at.
" cflfce. *c*. tbe. corspariy,"- 327 '.Market 'street,
¦- rccra"4 i '*ecqnd floo'r, -.ljr Ihe. c'tfy.a'nd.* county ,
• cf .Silzi Fra'ndifpo. .'"Sta'te- *of : - -California,.- on'
• SA.TURDAT, : the. Sth-' <Jay; of Man5h, -lA.- J\
1904, -at •" the bour.^pf.'ll ,o"clock a. m..-'for-
the. purj>c?.e'6f elect lnjj - a Board' ot D'lreetor*
- to/e«"rve- ft^r the .-ens-ai-nK. "year and f6r the"
• ' "tra.r.sac*icn- fc"f • eji"cli*s Cthsr -business' *.ai'rna;y.
. " properly, come before Tf-.e ineetmg. ' Tr'aiisf er '•
.fccoks wnr'tloee.:cTi"TT-ESDA.Y,'j-e*bruary- £3.
. ICD'4. -at-'the-heur ci['X -o'clock .p."*m-.- •" -'.-: .-
H. W.- THOMAS, ¦.SJEfre'ta.ry-.Paauliau.- Sugar'
Piartationr Co'rrpar.y r .'327 M;arket **tli "Bin
Francisco*. -Cal-. -..'I- :'.'•".- : '-'. : '.-' " -..":.• -.-.. •"¦
ANNVAL ''Mee'lpc— liakalau: .Piahratlon!. Coin-
pany- 1 — The -r»-ffular- annual rn'eetlng'.-r.f ¦ "the."
' ftocktiolder* of ".th* TJAKA^AIJ. PLANTA-'
TION .COMPANY. .-¦"I!* b* herd- *t Ihe -office
. -cf the mthpaaz, ,*527. IMarlfe't et. (fpbm "A,--
•eccr.d flocf >:. 4n the city-and. 'cqtihiy .of Saa-
Francisco. State -of . 'California.' /on WEt>--
N-ESDAT, . the -24- <5aY'."af March. . I9Q4-J "at
•the hour r.f 'll .0 clock..*.' tn.v for-- the. -pur-"-.
r«* of -electing a - : Boar"d' "of: Difectbra"- to '
*»n* for tb» ensuipg: . year, and . f or" • th'e
trantacjion of- euch" -other' business -"as- rr.ay"
properly com* before the- meeting:* Trans-
fer bockr will close on' SATURD/ > Febru-
ary 20. 1904. at. the hour of 3' ' 'cloc< j>. m -
H. W; THOMAS. Pecretary Hakalau Plan-*
taticn. Comr-any. 327* Market st.. Ban Fran-.*
ct»eo. ' California.-: -San Francisco. Cat:.' Feb"
I*:. 1004. .' • • :
AGENTS * WAS. TED. • ''..
"AGENTS — An agency .Tor a proposition tbat-Ms
a «Jtci<lM irrprovsmeht oh building and loan
i« worth .hax-ing. -Great Western Imprqye-
• nwr.t Cjompany, Parr.ott building.
POr'TKAlT rnllciior*;' b»st f>rheme to .V»-(
<vd*-rv; $12 we*-k!^- ralary ¦ and .commissions
TZi Valencia rt. . • ;.- • '
ADVESTISEHE^T WBITOIO^ ¦
HAVING recently acgulrt-d through* exchange
of properly thr«? fiu scholairhips in'the best
• roil^p*- of Advertising in the United States
1 will tell them at 25 per cent discount for
carh: the col>re teaches advertlf»ment writ--
tr.g by correspond'-pce and assist* its grad-
jiates to c*cure pr-Flfions; catalogues fur-
rifhrd arpllcation. Addreas box 3020. Cell. ;
. yfTOItXE V .? -AT-LAW. ' --
W. -H." BITTNER. ' '•
ATTORNEY.- AND COUNSELOR AT LAW .
Advice Free. • Phone South 74S. '
Buite 322. Emma . Eprckels Buildlcg.
rivorces quietly ¦ and legally obtalnM for
eijrrit causes; damages secured for Injuries to.
. r*r«on cr estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and Karaiah-
ments for debts; bends fbrni&hed; bankrui>tcy
proceeflinBs; wills probated; tfiatn settled;
collections mad* in all pane of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fe«.
• 6«-e me and save mon»y: no pay in advance.
G. W. KOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
EstaM'shed 22 yr*. ; rmf. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 8." f«t fl.
1122 Market «.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice fre* all matters. Detectives employed.
n. TT. KING. Attorhey-«t-Law. Exam. bid*..
Cth floor. ' <>ntni.n'<*r room .fill; <-M.ihIl«h«l 20
¦J-earr: all ras^s." general court and office prac-
tice; no fe» in advance or for «"on?ultatlon;
fvenings \ y ppf-intrn'-nt.' Tel. Red 3flfcl.
L. 6. CLARK. 927 Market ..».'; consultation
free; no fees In advance: -open evenlnirs.-.
DIVORCE; — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: open «<T.!no. 827. Market et.. rm. 301.
A WEEK'S news for S cent*— The Weekly Call,
\% pages. Jn wrapper.for mailing, fl per year.
5E5i^S55~ CHAJVCES.
a"..... TRY KREDO & CO.V."..!.".."."."7a
7«5 MARKET PT.HL'CCESSFUL AGENTS
A — t'Uti; CORNER cigar ittand. transfer point!
J175; wood, coal and exprwa»ing business.' "
t40«; B. bakery, books, .iot*oni<. etc.
tlliOO; restaurant and dellcatc?ben; worth
fiaco, -„ -•
" $7C0; saloon; ciclrnrss cause sacrifice.
{*«); rbadhousr; Butte Co.: realty Included.
(MM, baker}" counter trade $20 dally.
THE RELIABLE AGENTS. .KREDO &. CO.
A OULTCACV and branch bakerr; «n<> of the
.'••tt ;¦!¦<•;•• Mt'.tinx In the city: established four
\f»rr; 4 furnished living rooms; only ?.V»o.
SKIRM, «f Eddy rt.. room 72.
nAHPHRfi. attenilcTi! Fine downtown shep, 4
r-h«lr»; AI tiolneTF; only $300; 10 others.
EKIBftl, 6 Eddy et., room 72.
V".«.r."TErj- By rood trnant party with lot
who would b* willing to erect building
S5x»tf» 2 floors for rteam laundry already es-
u L :;. l.« J. Bex 2874. Call office.
;¦ BCiSIJtisSS.' c 2£^^ K^^P^Bll°. 1|I)ed> "
-A— $1000; PHONO'ClRAPH-pa'rlor/and efiosjilns.
¦"• ifr.alljer>-; .averaging aJ3o"Ut.-59-50;- i>er". daj;; ex-
" .pen'sea about, $0 j>«r." "day; - win sell or'.irade
. -, for rodEic.s r lx;use N . See R'.-..G. .\\ll.KE. 2«H
• Ke'a'rjcy st. '• .* ' •• '-.''. :¦-.. . • • ¦'.'•
A'— $-1200; GOFFfiE" saloon* and bakery lnchplc-'
'est- local'lon;' .rent.' t^X; -daii'iy ¦'- receipts: about
" $70; -a* eood-'biis"lnes< "hut- elekhesi ot owTier.
. compels • Him- tp-".retlr«. Particular*." H. -."G:
. ..Wr;;KE. : r.-G.ib'. KVimr. ?.V"' • •'- - ''-. : -. ''¦¦•'-'•"'''*:'-
. A— $S5.o;;" CORXER cisar; sta'rid, dose.-'to' .^iifket
. : •and'.^io'cktbn'su.'j .rent. $75i.a'.splepdidloc'a'.-
.": • tlbn -and rat &¦ feusineJis. chaHce." -See.- R.. G.
• : /W.lLlCE^ : 2U*£.Kea;my -.'st:,- : . ;:..-, 'J ]¦':. ' f.j. ' ¦ ,'.¦/.
A— $2250:' .-.S'TE'AM..''-.lauh^rx" -.• amd •'• '.property V
,.' r - equipped" Vwltb". ratejl.'rnachThepv wagon," etc. 1-
.. Ti'o-oi'pp'sjffcn;"in -thriylns:"^coah'try't.b:w.n : t^bqut :
':• : -.'75:Xniresiro'm UVi's ci'iy; ¦ai-j'are'eha-rree.'"'' Fcr
: .particklars -.sfe" •R;-;G: ;WlLiCE; : 20V»'K'earny» '
A". BAKERY, across t'he.-.bay, w.lth lot' 56x100;
-• house of 4° rooms", "2 stories;" 2. horses, .wagon,'
• etc. : ."-price' J:;«.L'O; bot- all" clash, required; -at-
' »rocd-.busine»».'. 'Call . R. ..G. WiLKE, .¦26J4"
¦ -Kearny -su ""' -.* " •..'¦•' -. • "' .. -..- .. ¦ •-
A-^$750;..SALOOJ»: estab.- iijany." yeaw;-3 years' .
.lease"; rait $00} "located close 1a -Kearny- and
. California' st's.;- elegant fixtures: .a go9d busl-
.• ners and "a. bargain,', lhat'a. all. See. R.- G'.-
WILKC;-20H.KetCrny:8t : - - . . . *.
>— $4CO6;"-CC)R>:ER. eVi.o6n,."wl.th lease-; .large
; .fcellar; " "card-, and .private rooms: :kept by'-
¦- '¦; owner* ".for years; -. fullest ' ".lnveetlgation •»«- •
. '¦ llcited.; See. R.'.G. WILKE; 26*,-, Keacny- st".
A— $3000; 'GRI.Lt.. room" and cafe; . the-' . leadjng '
' establishment- Jn .Oskland; '.close, to theaters;
, rent.: $.70: and a . flrst-claes paying", business ;'
' ether Investments' 'only cause of sale. " See •
¦ R. O. ' "SVILKE. 2C^": Kearny . st. - " ¦ • "•" " - ."'
A^-$i200;"BAKERY. estab. : years '.and kept by
present owner 17 years;, bake;' 4*4 barrels ¦
¦' per. day : ; daily- sales $45; lMrig rooms.- v Call'
'. , R.-G. :W1LKE,'26^"-Kearny sU. .¦ " .:. • - ' ';
'jL^HiSlti 'DELICATESSEN," 'and"dalry produc-j j
: '. etoVe"; rloee : .f o'. . Market and Stockton' jsts-. ;.'
.. large- stock -.clears «t" least $250 .per month;
• full-.\-alue-in slKht; *¦.' eple«ai"d"o£fen"" ,Se*'EU'-'
.'• .<?.-' WILKE. :26'% -Kebr'nyrst*. '.' - ."- ' ¦" ¦'¦.';_
'A — $500;vBRANCH- bakery- and 'candy: -store,.
••'. with Uvin'g-.robms'; "daily -receipts about- J10;
. chbicert location, in the "Mission". See. R. .&
. VWlLKE.'.'Sl'Vi Kearny, yt.-' • '].'.:. ¦'.';¦
. A— $2200;- "SALOON.-. >rith*. lease; .eitab. years;
s "'-vicinity Fourth" st'..'- Market', and. Stocktbr.;;
. ' .'place, speaks -for' itself ;-.all. 'parUculart. .. R.
". Xi.". WILKE. -tj*^ Kearriyst.-: .. - "." ."_" -.-;
"A — $150e;VGEOCERY- and bar, -.with- 16 fur-'
: "niehed -rconis; ¦ 5'.' years* ; lease; -rent ¦ $65V*-
:•••". bbeines's wfcere'-man and- wife" can easllx
: clea^ $300 .'per' month.-- Particulars. R.-..G. •
• ¦ : ..' vv ' IL^..'-" 6 > Kearriy.st.. ¦ .':...'.,•;'¦-; • ;••"'
¦ A-^tlO'i. FURNlTf RE store oh .Valencia st'.; .
-¦"with" larg^e ba'«'em^nt." 2 .living- rooiiis; iren't
":-.'. $22'50-; rirvestlgate' this cheap .offer .arid -a'
' , bargain. ¦ H, G:' WIL.KE, -2Cfo- Kear'ny.;
•A— $30<X»f COAL'. r fiay.ah4g.ral.h-y-ardr.bn Geary
; • ft.: ".rent'$-10:-leaie:'3 horses., 6. w'itgons.;- bust---
• •ness. esrab.- years;. 'investigate, at'cncc.-'a- far-e
,.; cKance.-.Calf R: 01. WILKE.. 2W, Keariiy.st.
a—'. ". '-. ;.- . jioo'-. bbwarC. 1 '.:- .•.'..¦ '. ¦'¦ ¦
: " w~ll'r:t>e paid 'for-leial proof- ih.bwhig,..tha.t '
. '.. any : .p".ereon "ayer .lost; a': .dollar." -who . invested
.any" money-" lri -our., company:- • '- ¦ ..'.' - ' ,, .-
. GEP^VI ANTA* ptVESTMJENT COMPA.HT; :
"Inco.rijerated.uiider.. "tile :I^\vs of" CAlif prnla. . -.'•
'¦.••".'." •-. Capital. .-st'Oot." $50'.000; ' . : ¦•' '
, 927' Market;. Ft-.;, raoms.31'1. S22.'323y 32.4. ¦ .'.
/-•¦".; " :'"-.¦• "'HoteL 'for: .sale.' "' '; '•¦¦ " "¦¦¦
New .and'modprri^ : -.hd rq'o'm"-; rlchly-iurn.Uh'ed,-.-
. coiniplete. and .ready f or ;pocupa'ncy -'loirKe "din-'
}ng-ropm .Vith 'Iti t ante's. and-. irriporte'd "Vieirna"'
¦."¦/•hairs':-.. jthV "best '. • - : c.arpt-ts"\ -. money -can buS;.'
. ' throuelieut;" frnest-. UfaietJ- and "besr. "silver.- eer-. ¦
¦' vice; ¦ 10" years' . Tease:' !flO,<H;>Oj>asy"-t'eT-.ns: ."" ; v
G.KnM.ANrA.INy.Ii:ST:.r'O'..'927 Market. et.." '
'/ -¦'¦'". '¦'".'. :A.'5a'FE. iNVESTMENTV..:'.:' "' •¦ - : ..'- ;
$.lOOO--cas-h-- *n-d -'?ei:vlces"'.secujr.e '¦.in.terest.-'.arid'.
;. office .ol'irea-s'urer. ; in-. an Wcorporat<!d' realtj'..
, : "ar.'d. .inrestment iorppariy'U. $150" m6niri:y.. asr""
.eufe(t:.iiiehest- references. -."".". •: ;¦ ~ '._ 'v :-'.'.'. ;
V jGERMA'NJ A- IX VEST. :<C<Xy ,0.27 ".Ma-rkct St.- . " .
A— : ;¦'• ,":.",- 3 'prR'eEN"r'M6.S ; T'iJ.LY:." ':- '.-.', I "•..
• '•'" Qrr ihv.estm.e"nts--qf' $100'. ;and" -upward: 'no.^'getr
¦rich.-qukk'-' •swisrdle-'or. gambljhg »cheme, : but
¦" a reDufatle buiihess, estab". -3 'years Ip'S.-E."'
GERMANIA' INV-E.ST.. CO.'..' 027 > Afari* it "; rt. - /,
. • ¦ ' . V '.;.THK . BEST •iN-VE.STMENT.. r ;~ • V: ' \~'..
TOO- ishares -of- gold stock of" the. Norton" Bay-
- Co: .$25.-; wijl -be ."worth" $200" fey August, -1904.-
. .GERM-ANIA INVEST. CO:.' 'J2r-Mar3c<t. yt; ¦ :
$(kKM-LA ; DY""6r. -eerit. partner t\aritedi -genteel '.
;.-. arid- .profitable' manufacturing buMn«s;''; : part •
.-' caek -.If desirea; •; .",".-• ..."¦"•"; .-• • . ..:'¦': : :. :
¦ ''. ' ' -.Marfn -I.r;vestment .Co.', '. 235 " Kearny 'st. ""¦."
•$25Q0— -PARTXEfi '.wa"nted': in _. maiiutacturlng "•
and- ¦' contractirifr- busin.ess; .' established ' "M ¦
'.' yearsr clears- $400 --rnoptWly*. ¦*¦'• .-- '"*
' :• " "•; ilarin:.Iiivestment.-Co.", .235 ' Keartiy*.. sj.- *."
$35f>f SALMON, we]i. fitted up.:- owner- retiring-:
.*.'¦". ' s Marln ilnyestmjent ' Co..- -235- Kearny. *t.. •
PACIFJC REALTY' CO.*MPAN.*i".:209 -Keajriy.'st;.;
•m-:fn 1, "tia-ve •sevfral- ftne .business chances to-
•;'offer;;. :.V > ¦ \ •¦[ ." '¦..•.;." •"**. ¦";"•• ,-'. *• : '. '.: .
•..-. "Oornc'r. cieair jsta*nd':''rent-:$25: price. $175. '" ...'
• - Cqrh>r.-*igar -stand" bjg trade; price. $1300.. '¦•"
" /Branch .Bakerj-;-dal!y..receipts .$10; -price, $C0O. |
' • l>elirac.y.sto'rPi:rehi "$'^0; barga4a:. price, $200.'-
"..'.Restaurafit'-and jchopnouse-lbargaln-rpfioe. $"C0^-
.Ro^rriinB-hCus-e; ".Mafkrt s #t. : • fine ' losaUon;
..- . ' clcar«>-"-$15r> montfilyr long lease,: 20 rooms.;"
• ..- efrgant carpets and'turnlture:- price reduced
."• to $2.>>0* r,= .*,•'-. ¦"•¦".¦.•". . .. .'•
•WE r >re. ; fcftabllshln'g .-a. "depantme.nt . "s'tqr* • ln=
•".lx>! 1 -. Angelas located --In" 1-he "cen.ter:"9f -..the'
• ¦in.t'Jlig.orrt' middle tlscsses. mechanliis an'd; la-t
'.".b'orihg: people, and-' Willing : to negotiate'. .w'i-th
.'.merchants ri'pslring.- jo* .'take- fpa'ce;' rare op-*
.'l.p'o.rtjinity' -fof -d^ry. good*, ,'' jiottons, * clothing' .-'
':-' e'hofs.' ¦cniija.-a'na" crockery..-' cloaks -«ind.aaits,-
- - TEtatlonery.- <?ai'pets -and-.'dr'aper}'.: ¦" QALIFOR'-
:'.nia':ge-ner-a.i/»ercaSti : le 'compaxt.
"•"•223" •FrSnRli^.st.'.-.O-.Lbs '.Angtles;. 'Gal; . '-"¦:"¦. •'
."FINE" -grt^erj-}arid' bar, eorner .north, of ¦•M-arKet*, .'
•, •lohg.Ioa'f^,' low rent: *$25riO,* part cash; corner'
• .; "Fa.lf>r5n; oii'rtatef front. -$1100; paying brewery
; - JJusinfy'K,;" '$2*0*1. '.or '.will sell part:." paying*
• ¦¦buFln-eEs'MsIof atl. kinds-;. liotels""apd -lod^lrig'
. "-h<>ui*p,-for- iale ".piid ' «>«.chanEe.- ' EIT1JL' ,&'
••'CXRnOJJv. 212: Kearny st.'..- * .* - - * . •_ .
A-*-?C^^-PAYING fruit stand;. -cash -business;
." ftr.* 3 location; rer«>1.pt.s .$20 dally: hort'e.w^gon,
"lUttirei?. etc. ;. rare rriance.' KREDO & CO.,
' -;G5 Market et v " . ." ¦ / .' . :
CA'ND-Y factory and" icecream 'parlor's in town,
near -San Francisco: equipped with all ap-
plUnrop. neceKEary:- best location In town
• and good trade: will sell- cheap,' as I • have
'to Wye on account of eickness. -Address fp"
{¦aitl^ilars. box-.'2S63. Call office.
WANTED— A partner with $500 in a" manufac-
. turtng business; articles, of everyday use;
-." feajno. trade .supplied • each .day; the profits
are J 00 -per rent; but.it requires two per-
/=iyis to run the business. Address box 25sb. I
-•Call o'fflce. . * .,
ADVERTISEMENTS. WRITTEN. circulars,
• -public .notices. pamphl«3 prepared: consult
• R. J. ."PCHIRM'AN. expert art. writer, room
720, Emma 4ipreckels building. . ~. ;
$5fifl — PARTNER: man and wif« or two ladles,
to take' half interest in'a good. paying, tem-
perance rf-fresh-npnt parlor: Redwood Grove,*
.45 minutes frpm S. F- .Box 2408, Call office.
$500 — FOR sale — Downtown lunch 'place; can
. ?*at 48 persons. Appfy FORNERIS, ltith floor <
Call building. b.*t. 11- and 12.
$100 WEEKLY playing slot machines; my
method. E. W v box 61, West AUis, WIs.
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap. 3127
Buchanan ft. . '• •
FOR SALE — On account of. sickness, grocery
apd liquor license; also. paper agency; low
rent with lease-; a'good business stand: .must-
• 'fll. -Hex 832, Call office. ¦
WANTEDt-A* partner. ln-a*good river, beat «a-
. tarrrlse. Box 2055. CalL office.
THE Twentieth Century Co..- 02r Market, st.,
.. room 218". ha* tfc« best rooner maker for-
vaievmen on the market; It Is a ready feller
and big proHf. .*
DELICATESSEN store near- Park. In a good :
business location; living rooms; rent $27 56;
will e»>11 for $%50. Box 2552. Call office.
GROCERY and liquor* In Western Addition for.
sale. • reasonable; stock in .flrst-class shape.
. Box 2609. Call office. ... ¦
$150— ELECTRJC-LIGHTED candy and pastry
store; 3 furnished rooms; central; bargain.
Pox 2380. Coll. ' '. . • ¦ . • i
A— $350— PARTNER; take, cash; cigar stand;
$75 mor.th guarantee. 3.** "Mason at.
WANTED— Incorporators for cyanide ore^test-
tng'ard brokerage company. Box '2.184. Call.
WANTED — A ' saloon In good location: 'st'ale
price asked. Box g»05.. gall office. ' .
FOR SALB— Grocery a'nd bar In Mission; good
bar trade; good corner. Box 2593,' Call.
VERY good paying restaurant, 6 furn. rooms;
good locality; retiring. ¦ Box 2374, Call office.
NEWSPAPER route In San Franclsoo paying
$125 a menth. _Room 10, 235 Kearny st."
FOR *sle — Complete dyeing "and cleaning
works. Box 2W1, Call.
THE Twentieth . Century Co. has tbe best
money n-jker on market: R. 218. 927 Market.
WANTKI>— A rood salesman. Room 218, Em-
ma Bpreckels bldg.. 027 Market st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* ha* been
opened at 1008 Market at., eppostta Fifth.
Oreo until 11 p. a '
• '.Py5»>'E8».'CH-A'KCias-— CcnJHimejL^ .
'.V-'GAMEROX-i CO.. ...>:" .P.hohe'^oUtl> 105l»
. ; . :.- 3 'Eddy: St.*. ixir.'- Market- '-anft -.Poftell-."- . ¦•-.-
"Headquarters' for all ki-ndpef'.busi-hes^ -chance's.. .
• 6y?teV';'and ¦eh6phouse.s-.'.\. : :-..»?3. p i0 to $1000"
-Oandry and: jc^. cceam.-'par.loi's.-.".-S'-'iHj to'S^MX/.-
..-Barber shops : : . .4 :'...-.. .-... :..'. .^StOfo $251X> ¦
;• -Ci^ar; starids ¦ . -i. ;'..' .V.V.'-:-;". .-V^-?36O-to Siruw
'.iiiocerles-.'aTid ba.rs •::.•.¦:.;...»¦ .¦'.<:'. ."$5<xr to:^500O.-
".: - saican;s;- ;--. Z :.x*: ¦¦¦ :¦¦.". «J :::~ ;> :"."$3QO;to"3|iy r eoo
¦; : Restaurants: . .: ', .;".", ; : . •. . ,\; .'.-.^jU-to.Jl'q.OOO
--.' FiaiU-.and.vege.ta'ble-;st'Qres.-.":'./. vf-'lOo to SIOQO'
• :.I)r'ug, stores •: :v. >:.;'.vJ"..v. i '.'.\:..^'" l J<K>t.o |UOuu.'
• ;:-J)GllcAtes£en. srofes ..'",:. Vi\-i;:/-.-v$iJj<) to.$450t).
';. : . Wood' aftd.' ypjti-.yfer^j • j' .j:; .
>FDR."- sa-ie" c-c trad.e^rQiWTiz mine.:' fine prospect!;''
" lM'a.ted.:in.-Ca-lvr"ass!iys $4O.°.tp'' $""<¥. 'toji; trade-
¦ ¦fqr'.y mg-liqusie pr : busirie^s.' : : CamerOa,3.Eddy>~..
FOR saJ.e^\VHl'iocated'can'dy'.8i0£eV.ajl 'equip- •
¦¦ :raVn,t for. m'akip'K-6'wjT. c - a'n-4ies;;'-e?tabli'sli^d S,
..' yeacs-; clearB"<Jvei l -'f200 per'^ month;' will -in---.
.. -voice- .about. $fiJOO. CAMERON', :f Eddy st.
FOU.E'alfe^-One-of -'the b'est.restaurar.ts inclty;*
• ch'eap- rent; jxcelpts $75r."to $100 day; will
".-bVar -investlcation; price * 51500. CAM-ERON
; :¦.& C0. v 3 Eddy.-st. ; •' ' • • ' • ' , ..
FOR. sale. 'or will .trade, for small ranch— Fflje'
••• hardware -and elecfrlcal supp"ly'."store; well;
:;located^ -cleartng J300 "per. month; flrst-class"
- .proi>ositipn;-'.will, stand strict investigation;
... rprlce-'tSOOO.- .CAAIEROX & CO., 8 Eddy St. *j
• FOR *ale — Beautiful mountain resort, less than.
• 30 .minutes' rlUe. fronr depot of best Interior.
-. city in State"; less than 3 hours" ride from
• • San- Frtrncisco; 2O..acres land;; 30- room' fiirn.
' ..hotel.: "with" bamsi-sheds, -etc...;-3 years'- lease;
--. "can- get ."longer; re'nt.al*$r>Oo per year; horses, 0
bu'retes, 2 "cows; bai" .well.equlpped; o °bllllard
-..table, piano;-- r'aiBes own . fruit, "\-egetat)Ies t °
-."•hay; chickens, etc.; big money to be made;
¦prtce- ?2jOO:.. account death. .CAMERON A-
CO:. 3 Eddy st. ¦ - ' ' ¦
: " LODGIXG^lioUSES. FOR °SALR,
A'. CA5IEUON 4= CO.: ;•' . -phone South' i050.
• - 3-Eddy at,., cor. Market and Powell.- ** ;•*•
Headfjuarfera for roomXng-houses. hotels and
.- .. ; . all kinds of business chances. . . .."•'
;' S6 rdoms "rent only $50O; best'tiown-
town- -house ln.ci.ty; electric elevator; well "fur-
nished :•: guaranteed to clear $400 to $500 per
•xnonth;. books, 'open for inspection; everything'
in"-flret-class 'shape;. on account other business."
• --"-room, flat: . rent $40; oak furniture ;-:gbod
carpets ;' sickness; price $350." •-.-.'
"> 72 -rooms;, rent -$4Op' efeeant n«rw building;
swelTfamily hb-e\; beauy/ul furnishings; clear--
ing: :$0C0- per." month; every room' full;" .win
stantl" the"- strictest: Investigation; location- un"-
".surpassf d. ". ¦' *. : • •" . . • ' ' .
:.' 19. rooms:. 'rent' only $100 ;" well furnlshed;.'lit-
.'tle apaftment-hovse; 'reduced to 0 $llCO. -• • . ;
' : :lh& Tqotns':- cheap' reht; flrst-class. 4ip-io-dat'e
"-cOmniwciar- houae; clearing $350 -to' -$100 . per-"
•month; -gainB. East. .-... • ":' , . •• ;.'-";. ",'..- '
• .-¦fitoom's;' upper.'- flat; elegantly" furnished; o,aU'
• furniturer. Axmtaiter. carpets; '¦b'eavtUuh.flat. |
: ' 102 • room's; -.most etegantlv .appointed"- apart- '
-.merit-: house in San :FrancjAc>:. 'beautiful, "inod-
erfi.'bUj'ldlriarr'.fln'e entrance-; '^"heap rent.";- clear-
-Ihg'- $.400 per month; 5-y"ear lease; ,p.ar.t* casli,
.balance S ptr' cent per year. *.- .. • • •"". ,"'¦* ' :
.-. 18'robmsV.ren"f$S5; well furrifshed-.' all qew,.
$600 down,' "balance- tU per ce.rtt-; fljie b'uy;'bnly'
ii25o..}i'.".'-. •¦ ; • •"•;¦ .¦•.;.•;....¦ ¦,'•;• ."
"126. Tooma;'. rent, only .$4 oer roo'm.; new- -'and.
u'p^ta-'da-te-. houses .all -men;- electric-. elevator,-
" lights; ..'long-'leaaf?:.' cleare $400 • -Jo . $500 pe'r
."-month";- one 61 "the.tfest "buys, lit the -city..- .-.¦-• ..
¦ • 8-"room."upr«r.\fiat';' : co"rnerT all, s'uftny rooms;,
.'¦beautiful. "litt.le.'geni •ot.-a. h<fme;-prlce-'$7po..*- .*. .
.".' -126' .'room? ;', fine.' do.wnt6n'h* corn'eT--hp.use;- prf-
-Vate' baths:; ¦•-.•bejwtlful- -furniture;-' 2.-. 'entranrces ;
takes .in. $^0--t6:$.4tf per; -day transient. •-. besides
'regujar'. roo-mer's; •'w.ill; beaF investiRation-. - •" . J
'.-. • : l2'*-room9-;'r*r'o'sk..s :oak furniture ; "bruss'eis-" car-"
¦p.ets:" clears- $5u: ¦.$300-cash i " baiahqe. oa-ind;ail-'
•.m^nts.:-:price.;..$scp.- ¦-¦.¦•¦.••'¦¦- ••, :.;':.• :;.--.' ;..- *•..*-..•. ¦'
'¦'.' 9-rho.m.- h«w.;; ; rn'odVrn-flaf;'4-.fnohths; elegant-.
' Jy'-fu'rhished;.;C.ostover;'$lSOO; a.-.ba.fgralh;-.?i( i ?k-/
¦peVs... .¦•:¦:•'.•.'-... v; •.-'!'-..' :¦¦- ':.-.'¦' ' '.'¦ .'-.:¦¦¦.. •'.'¦'. .
I'.-OO-'rocms.V .part." offlce-sj. elegant n«wV building,
a'n'd. furnjivro; ; Klgh-clas^-..Uocatrort;-. beautiful
halls';. 'everyth!»Jg' modern;'- flrst.-cla6a grfll"-hx
connection'' : -best . propos'ltloh .iA"-:«lty".r • called:
..Eiis.t:;./" ; .";.. -.-;.-.. .--.¦-¦•. :• f-'-V;.." a-.. ! .'•¦;':':¦,:'.--•/.'.•"
' ¦ 'i3.re6nis;rerit $25[:.sbme hpMsekeepihg:. olea'rs •
.'$30r barni'-'tylth-'.flne-.Tard; half '-caeb, -.fealaace
"••.¦.'¦-; ;'•:..•'..;• . ¦:.'.'¦'<'."¦' '¦¦='-¦•¦'.:"¦
:. .220 "rooms";-. "/lew •and* up-to-date' a'partinept"-'
house; ' luxuriously ./Urnisljed;' .6-yea.f 'contracts."
¦t:r cljeap-.lighting: prand-riew* buildjng; .clear.-". •
:irig-.$400.-.tb 4000 ".pex. -month-; -oblrgea- to -leave
.-city,.;- ;¦:• .•••:¦:•'•¦•> •'•-¦•¦•.•:••:"•:¦•¦- '-•"{:¦-¦
¦ ••• 30- rob'ms'i. rent- $ i 65;.-f)ne.- locafi'on';' all- o'h- -2.
: floor's: 3- years'. leas?;, clears" $100; "fUll;. $2000.- "• •.
•• .-.11 rcoms"rTe.nt : .$.40; -close' inj 'oakV.'c'herry-fur-
•hitMFe:- Brus^el* " carpets ; clears.- ."$55 "6\^r i all
expin?es;'$400 cash.-'bararke.tiniiei'silap; $700..-
4'Si rooms;, rent -only;' $65; -well, 'located ; hotel '
south'.of-'Mark'et; fine bar.. w*ll stocked; briek'
.bui"lJlns;--elecj'rIc •Tights' '-everything good coh-
dition;'. Dart c»sh,, jMilance time; 'price $2500:
will" oxenangf":-. this .with goo*d real estate for'
• large-; -downtown house •>'.- • • '. • . .*.""•.
• 25 rriQmsi-.reflt"$-i-4D:-.h6t*.and c6ld-.wa4er; i *3ar"|'
"hbusekseping'V.ail full;- 'clear?. $JL50' per fnonili;
:w«ll furnished r. leaving-. city ""gUti $1200. . .-.-.I •-.
' '-S0. rooms"; new< midern apart-me'nt-hojx6e;'-10.- •
• y*a"r leasij";-". ch*ap" . reht;" clearing $21?} t9"$300;*
.•yerji ce.nlnal; .flrsjl-classi proposition. ..'.-:•;.. . ..
".•'•71 •ro^msi.vi.eganT.'-new,'- modem" tj'uildlpg" fn.
...one .-of the'.best -oltles. fr>- Sputhern* California.:"
¦"olectrie"- lights; -hot.-' and *c.old- wAter; e\xrjtbfn.g'
• up- to •¦4ate;.'0-j i e'ar.leas*: rent ojily $200;' TJear'"
;.ln«? -$250; to "$3'K)' per ¦rebnth ; .6%her.sjc"k- a,b'ed.' . .
•23- rooms? weH''.fufnls"hed'-:. fir'sKclas'sr .rran^
sl^rit liouse; 2 -blocks .oft. Market;- Siypar lease';-
clfc'artijg-over *100; good-'buy for some" one". • •"• "-•
'"*. 3A-foomSi re'n't cirtly '$150;"clo'se-lp: 'tho"rou"gh r -
ly renovated^ "pUt In -first-class condition; -can
tee ' run ' ti-an'stenf. if * desired ;' -clears, now $1S5" .
per' .month; part' ."cash, Valance llnve;- good
'.money-maker. . ¦• ' .*•¦•"•..¦.•
14 rcoms": cheap "rent;* furnlfhed" In oak; -Ax -
"minster ar.d BruRsels- carpets; new; half cash,
balance -long time; make offer; departure. _ ; . ,
Z\ rooms,; rent $110; all light .rooms •* elear-
•ing over -$100 -per mo.; regular snap; only '$800
to get m; must leave city, at once; price $1300:
21 rooms, well- furntehed; ftne little down-
town transient hou?";; clearing $100 per .month;
obliged to. leave the city; -$1700, •
20 rooms: cheap. -Vent; oak and cherry, furnl-
•tut;e; Moquet carpets; good" lease; clearing"$125
j>er month: -part. cash; balance time. •• ¦• - #
17 rooms;" rent only $75: Ellis-,. «ak furnl-
'ture; trood carpets; 'clears $60; leaves H rooms
fr.r lanrHady': fine opportunity to get good- liouse
rei?onable; . * • •
<?. E. 'HINKLEY. '" '. PHONE-*MINT 796.
1020 Marleet St., opp. Fifth.
. Country correspondence promptly .answered.
Clear titles. Reliable dealings. . Easy ternis.
30' rooms; mechanic*' .house; rent S40. .-^..$575
• CO rooms; tradf for. ranch: cleffrs $350.
14 "rooms: »cnt $30; amazing low price!.. $350
• ."U'rooms;" rejit $*"0; Just think- .f\r 50
23 roorn.s; rent* .5*15; one floor .'./.. .'.'.$1100
6 rooms; rent $20; a pick-up .-,... $130
20 rooms: clears $<"0; rent $40 : . .$850
. 40-fooms; mechanlan* hngse: rfnt4<>0 $1^00 _
• 10 rooms; rent $50: clears >$J53: terms. ., .$9.50
31 roorfls; sunny -ebrner; rent $55'.-. . .'. ..$1600
12 rooms; Callfdrtilii st.:. rent $.V>:' snap. .$750
• 10 roomp; Geary 1 st: : clears $40; rent $2«.$5W)
18 rooms; 0 unfurrrishwl; rent $»5.-. $425-
Q5 rooms;. transient; lease ".*. .. .V. .-$1500
. 8 rooms; Post s't.; rent $32; only...' $250..
12 rooms; Polk st. ; partially furplshed. ..$450
SPECIAL BARGAIN. "' ' : •'
NEW- ROOMING-HOITSE— 5« rooms? rent $75;
clears $TO0; prire. only" $550;-' call early' for
rhis snap*. HINkLEY. . . . •*
MODERN transient* house; f«0 rooms;." "down-
town; ! furnished", llqurir license;
. . long l»a.sp;'"rn,one'y-niakpr. See HINKLEX.
SWELL-.' APARTMENT HOUSE— 220 . rooms;
'.grand ' -e'ntranre; elegantly furnished Vy.
Sloane;. will self whole or ono-half Interest.
• t;»e .my agent, HINKLEY, 1<12O Macket st,
MJTCH ELL. &' CO.'.' Phone. JejMe. 'Z!>«
' " 12OJ5 Market -St., oipposlte" Slxtli.
U5 rooms*; neat.- *unny, two'- floor -house; cent
$40; sell or excljange; price $650. ' .
65,r°oms: downtown house; jtea<"yr.transient;
clearing $3.50 monthly; hfln'dsomely- furnished."
2S-rms". : choice corner roomlng-htfuse: -unrx-.
.celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
35 .rooms*;, -well appointed housekeeping"
•suites; landladj- must sell; make offer. •
MITCHELfc & CO.. 1200 Market st. :
TO .let— "t'lne rooming-house, ICO rooms, unfur-
jilshed; splendfd location; cheap rent to - de-
.Rlrable tenant. Box 2243, Call. . '• . *•
BNAP— »Lodglng-hous*,- 100 rooms; furniture*
new; this week "only, at 34 Turlc st*.
18 ROOMS rent $70; long leas*;, furnished new;'
clears $00. Call*at 856 Ellis st.
54-ROOM corner house: Sixth, near Market*;
•house always full; must sell., Box 2116.. Call.
FOR pale: roornfng-bouse: 9 rooms: neatly
furnished; clean; reasonable. Bex 278(", Call.
25-ROOM lodging-house; good payer: 'close in-
.11050. 660 Tenth it., Oakland,
f^ i^r^Y^ G12] \ A l^Y 1^ : 40-/i CZ> A 13 1 -E- ' ;: 'I^'tff F^-'P' ;: -^^^ "BE-'-li-AiP" forContinued on Pose Fourteca,
NEW- HOME
THE SAN "FRANCISCO 'CALL. TUESDAY..- MARCH 1, ¦ 19.04.
13
rrnrr \iA\Trn— male— Continne<iJ
MURX1AT A: READY. C34-C.6 Claj'.>t. '
I«]-.c=e MaiTi S?*". ' .-•
' L*a«lr* EmpbqrmeM aad- Labor Agents. ' ..
' In l{K)3>e-'pave.e:!ij.i:oyr In T."C>4 we hope to .
rr.(?r.t to-60.uOO«cn.' -incrcnse that numbe't."
.: • ' . y TO STATE :<JP; : • - '
. . .•-¦¦ -..'..:•:... ' S'KV.ada. •..'•¦'¦ - ''..'
. 20. tira."rr.>:>rs.' :$C0;. 20. laborers. -JGO-r: 15 rock-
':r>n- B-n.li-dr;'J« > r5, 2 veirs' jub, S-hour» a- day. .
. "tiap; T J-nisfit. •--. ' ¦* ¦".'¦ ¦ .Pare Refunded. '
; r".... : .-...-.-.. •y^^_.. A ni?.ONA--7— •¦:.--. " -. .
¦ ¦-¦*.- .-:•.-- ¦" . Lan*l <it ¦PanEh.ine.y~- - : .- "-;..'
" AIU33t>VA. MilP 1/AJLV-. AP.IZONA.
::ri4mi7*l.Q Pnn.scoTT-=-i*m mt-*?^— -r$* io
•¦fkito. libisrVrB;'.' ere.. .for • wcrk;.'
'. .gtxij' jnagfjs. ".¦..'"¦¦ ••.•••• ...¦.•.-.•.
::v-- : ..- i :;viA' . ship to-njght : via v
.. S.F.P, i P.R.It --Artzona- £.f:P: & P.H.n.
¦ '.. ; ;.".yt:.KR*.V ¦& BEAlJY. «4-«30 i Clay *t. :
A^-. ' "i->. -.¦: " TO THJI "'." y '-.¦¦'¦¦ :¦- ¦;'
'¦¦: "J.tlN-ES y . COLQ AKD- SILVER MINES
-; '•••¦.<¦'.:¦;•.¦¦. '-.- -¦.¦•.' ,:.-' -MINES.- ¦¦¦ ¦¦/-¦'.: :.'-.:¦¦
¦ ¦ Ehginefr.. rhine, 500..- . : ¦ . ' •'•¦ .': • '.-'¦ '
l'IXi3ot4&a'rpcn«f. guld rnin;e. '$90: . ' : . ¦ ; '.-.• \
> 5 'coacentra toir; men. $90. . : •-¦ ' ¦' - • ". }¦':'¦.
¦"• A'trfalf-aylator- rna:i, • $aT .50.' .. : ¦•.-.' '. ¦• " .'. y ... ;
.Tiir.bfr 'frarreJi.5i.Hi.. • V • .' '•• '."' >."¦..¦' ¦.-'
v "¦ rook 'b'renkor ' rpfh'-,-. $67 60 to $7S, . • .'; .'
.:•:'. ti-r«bertjii-n.-..Jf2 7i- day.- •. •' . .• . • - ; .'.y
-..fi rna.chine miners. $:H»/.'. -•" ' v ... .
• <>- niuckVrs. f T'.'i; .->. carmen.* $tJ7 5rtj ¦:• . '. ../¦ ; '
.-.- a-"tkip ; teridf rg. • |2 75. ¦-'..• .'.'.:'':'•::'/•. - . -
vfO Jha-nd rhinen>. geld rnlne; -f82'80L.- . ¦ ¦• ¦
Cuck ¦for"mfn.e,">:H' and -fciund.- ¦ " ' ' ¦ "¦ "
j ., - MUHRAY & .READY. aii-CSSCJay et.' ';;'
• . • •'¦ '-¦ - ". ¦ ' jSiscnLx^ANWofs.- "•-'¦¦ '•¦•.¦ '
. S=hop •¦butcher." city. $7S; ,1 oiirrenteffi.. city.
.; $o. day; biafkfmit.h- holi'reri citj-.: yi.>ung'.'m5.:i
r '- IK ¦•oU.ciJtpr..- city.- dairy:. t'lack'fTTiHh.- ' W<xv1».'
• ¦-*.<•"¦' *nd Mound':-.- planter, .mf'-rtmaicer.' <fjTa»'
;-<-otta worker; rniikrr «r.d' -wif*.' Son<?n:a -tiburi-"
" v '«> :. eardfiser an1 v.-ife. sce.lxjs? ;li?re; jiO.and.
' f.M>t:!ifr;.. pari^ricr,'; vputitrj'. . -tpath.-i-sec'- boss!
••-here; .-jobbing Kardrnt'r,;.city:- y"bur.g: : mati" for •
y prbCery. ejiore".- ? 20 .ard found ;.. barker.; institu-..
. .'tion. 'rr<>ar-cltV. $ii>. and. found: .d4(thwiis!3ecs. :
.kitchen- harid«-> eievatiir ljo>v J1S' arid.fouwJ;".
fitrm . ha n.lK . n< ilkeri. • cTinj opien ; "? -Port Bsneae-
-• -Mrn.Uk« > r>. : .- fv.n '¦ and -f-T-V ,»r.d-' found; -.nfllkers-; •
. fere- -.-pja-ia. •$.-:<-> ,^rid'- f«in<i,'- ,«'wee'p'.-
¦ .<:rt>V. : >teady'J©b,-..'s;i>qd-"wagfs': :':¦¦:<"¦¦¦=.. " •-..
-. ,\ . ; ¦- .--. • .. . —XT-— — • " " v ' • ' ¦ * - ' "' '
j:M^iuiA;)y_i ¦-:RfcXpy.s;-..'63'iMa'6:' &*? '••«.',: :
;>;n*jtta," nKTvhahdise exwrle-ice; $75'
-."¦nfl irr.creaf-pV-caTdcner..- f Z5 -and .found: Ran-:
. nUr.\K .plat"*, :.fsr> 'fcnd.'fou-ml;. .chorenvsn-' £o» :
¦ .•.•rpncJ1.--$2S and; .found; milkers; married "farm-.
;. r'.f: -Vr«*sB.i-"u>; FasV'r, '"$35 i-/ajvf fbphd:- <ih:t>er
.;'r*-ller, :$C5 a'nVJrfrtindj "errsfiS. boy, .'*3 ; -».et?k. : .
;- -.ci'-.vat or. bty; baker,. #hort $15 .."weeV
'.;' 'nT.ii fr;und ;':wait<er. v . cpuhtr>*',"$30-jkra." f ous'd ;'.
: -anH o!'h<>rs ; ' 3. "-F. ' "CRGSfiTT- 4
-.yttv ¦*j?S'&&rr*meiite> *U\-': '^v';/^-' : :" '¦ .'¦'-. '
.£XPiiriiESCi:U ; tai'Srcaii Tor; -aVidystfit"-
. ¦ .. <l--jBTte-/prit : -niv *t [ ha ve; -good reforeiice : ft hd.-
. ;. "hei't-hi-njuj-h?}-- i<-,nii;«f.-!t. 'Arply'-ibetV^Cn.'.-J).'
~-"-*n^":J«'.ji-.V.m\;.'-.<^:;Ct-Jltl"S\:.vh:--B'q"d-»l'3: : aiaii.- :
: ? yj»*tttv--y ;;.;-:¦::..:/ .-."-^yyy"-;-- -/:¦•— "r ;¦:;•.¦-:¦:;
l.'V.l:-S".'^ in».a:^:'ro7^:h«re,.-.co^
';.¦¦•> ' v-*:' r :'--^Vv." S!« •ri»-yc*k-- send ttdd-rtf sod envelop*;
-. ; '.y-T ¦: ¦{•artl^ula!.s*-.y.-*ira-fta.-se,r,Vj^i)tvv'-S'-*'-l;','-.-<^>J5-- ;
.'-.- \n': i'y:::-->.:r!v.a. i'a: ¦ -. ¦• -.¦/.-.;¦. -.;-¦: ;..-:'.
> '• .'¦': - - 1TKX-, -"-(Tiorei* liuHWlrvE: : ¦¦iji'p^jj.-'lrhtitrhjne'':--.'
. '-;.«"f^:yli?iB-:.» v r\.tfcah"...Jjfi:.;i£.V:\'c>n«rli'i tioiVvvpi-rti
.._;;.> i;:-* ae^5Ja*J^v :.iIAeK.«;; ¦C^a^Tp^r^oT.Coni--
;"4Pi6X<2JISS--1[it}f.'ii>'-e'ry.:t;ity; cifytri.f X'tiidn.ibr'ythf
¦¦_- tfitrSiuic :Hiir:Ti-wV:"i:o:L : liC*rkritefnK%V^1.4'
' - -:;"/.T.'y>.t->.c;':'-y^n-'J'Tancigt^..'..Ca[i; : .; ¦/^\-'|..".'"-..V? <:
14 -'io.-l»i ."vi-a'J* :^!a;;tyj"leart;^garnyaK+np.:^
V H^ti :yf}ii'e' iea'rRH.nf; ;' , ->{VpJy .'.at' .2J»'-". fSiJ^Oa^'.
..V» : ti.'."3B'Cter.''S>--'a^ ¦¦'tri. \:.-'. ''.':¦: '.:":'.'-¦ V '•:'.¦' V ' ¦ . -" ' : --.i: \ '
;Ji»r?Brir-^r^::''uriuMVp>M^;r^nr;';r!'c'shopA.«^.'
, y-i't,l:Pr -•^¦j.i'M-h : 4-riJrw.:k'». '^.'0 jiain 1 *!:"-^'^-^ -. '.-
;rt^KT" : rl/X<S : :.:tii! J !-t:sn!ib!t-ti5aifr'rs ; - - : -'in;:Pye'iE':{S:-.
• ¦ ;.vjj;".a ;-j:V«'.' = ;N'i:H)r fi..- -.;<a'5>'r>sli«- fVn?er..tina-.-,-.
:j'. ; .'Nivii^f;K: 'in.r '-xirJiiirjyp-.Avgly-:- HEISS'
iy^BSs^P.. -<t. ix-t.. ' ; *r* smie? ct.: : -' ; ; '¦:•:'¦:' --.'••"..' -;.'. ; ;
\i:^p ;ra;!;-.r : v u:\lr2. 'ior.&eneriv : V^t^-'- : ki^y'-
y r.^:.; V'3tVen<ia. i\.'. : '..:¦'..',';. -.:'.;.; •". • •:.¦¦'•; '¦ ',-".':' £C::'. K -
-.y ¦?¦:?- yijlth.; k.: v- "; -¦• ¦'. y .'¦ :; : ; ;.>: ; : . ;¦ .-: -.-;¦-/ ¦;¦ -¦;,-/- ¦; ¦
"i:l.ir\ -AT-rjK pisr Aivit.* >.;ith'. :hacepl's..' : ; >r2?i-"E}>'y
¦;V tis'-jst....- -•..-¦" yy:y" y ; .':'- ¦'.¦.':<..'.¦¦ "¦:'-.:¦.. : .-.';;. -.*'."; "\ :: - '
.'OK'b-it'.ri-XiK Jiarij^r pallor $20^ 161 •
?'l., ¦Cj\i'T.\lX liATZDZtiRS . V/- /:;;; '-'-.
t.'-TIB^R- shop and c'ijrir -trand •.¦••fpr.'«abe-'.--wi'tn : '-'
-yytlj::^;. -;l"}v-:.!iK.; i-bx-ntf. ..' ' ji3t FijprVi :^t.'- ¦¦•: '.?¦"¦ :.:-i ¦ .*
'..¦^'.A.X-Tli.'^-Ay'Urjr' rp'an ";-aU>Ht'-"lSf"'.'i'e«fs-.''rt!Ji !'!'¦/:
;¦'•¦'¦ Jf - > f. * •¦•. ¦ '¦; f ¦.:•.-¦ n; ir.jr : .* ~ne ft ayln* *.8omer-eS"pe"HV.'
;.y.--ry^ : :: .->! ; A.KICS.: r.VLt.f-- lil'il MarWl. ;*t. _-.- ;•'..>'
liA.i-i:t;i:>. •¦aW^:KMi--^^Tl:t,.:r;f.nce : ,b'r'.'--se6rev"
'. ' ptT%--Ma€...-r-?<° Hm«li>Tr.t>nt Bu'rc'.aU* ''hns:'W-];
-.•;.r.i"ijr«."dl ; to y t'tty HaH. i-q..- or 1504 :M«r^ct";«tV
¦:.-. 'Joarn*y.rp.efl Bcrbe'r*" tr.'.cn. -Lci-fei : 148;.' JOS.'.
;,-.¦ jvit; ;li-L;niL>V-'.^ecrMiry;." : . : ;-, ' ¦ • :. .' ; -'v v--;;V---- ; .;."]
¦Tnf,.cpr : •rt^n*«;.* r hoe«;-.£iiilon. fiifi&?, : .'at . f 1- jtpd'
. SI .¦'¦..*• 'r->r . 3Ttir ; f<?«t-.fpriTi ihu^f.- at '$2 TO- -or".
:, ;.'-«Tth v fi i .-^Tc. «J»oe*i»'a*l' bcst.is'ioes iTn'-ejirth.'-li.
. .""yh:fd>t., .Kxarn... bl :^s:;. #: 5 -.dimr? -J toia. -^at)tet<:
r .l?OT->jt'n<fd. ; ¦'R33...Ni>s"ion jst-i- '¦: f. "¦••" \ -.V '¦'¦'¦¦''"'.¦'•,¦
¦StEJN 1 a:i4 : ; (*n>Mi."Wtn:«} to- -lenxjj : '-the-' baiter.'
.:- .¦|iac«.:ia: K ' *.e!-'lj:s..Ir > r:-J!>13- Vsiridfjr. -poitiprtfint-
: -..¦j-raVrhe.Tv. /\y.e*itern . /Co;: U-Rf- 'lit'; ; 'l2a.rter$; - f.t7;
;•¦:¦-'¦'¦. r ':: ¦ y;,il *"t y. .~f,h.'. IY^ fiOtsco'.-.. '¦'... ¦',.;'_ ."¦;.'"¦ : /
¦;\\*ANTi::r»— !iih*irsfi! atrf.'.h*,.^ ; h'arVc*; i 'f<it' : ftnftw';
/.•¦thkt;.n"<r-nbikCi;;:Itf'rib-:it^
-.' ''':'.-* flfci ': Wi "ivfw: roirh?'. to- -.the ;Vr>^nver.'.'H6ui*e f "
." :^2VZ ?'}ifrft xl:;.&&Tr*gri'2^irt.!Hx.:piei-yiCghii..
i^lrifiTrCil-ASS. tw5-th«\ .bfcrbe>. > ihDp/.tTrnlte» ¦
: -¦-firoci"- ¦city-^'iruoii. Ua*jn»--».: y for- sale or'. ,e%-
.-• '.-rha-rr^e '..' ..-Jcr' tiiy -thop.-'L'. .-DJ^"- RITIS.-; -3il8.'
.¦/J. Gretr ft% .¦¦; T^K'^ .';.;¦ *¦':'.' -\. ¦'_ ¦'*:.'¦:''":'"•"'] ; } '¦.'.¦¦': '.'?• '•' '¦
.ti< <-V i-::rN" StK'NT: ¦ J)r.si't:.on"s^f ill", -at ¦¦¦• rocsji. • 14.. "
, ¦/¦'t/.'A-tictyz'-li -LijkHisf..;: SJ3r. : freV:ltirorii»«t'i0fl-
.'•¦Li 'iii ?j-:f-JL[tns.' t »ala.ne«.- ¦agelir6it*,''.-etc t .;:..'4<»>'" :
• Tv : A x.T.i> I ¦>;- ii . 'sVri ..-ha'riicsi i^ii h' : S.ist *>. JMft-i} ? :r/> .
¦. ; .-i7.;:^^'..a-. : w: ; *f"re>;^
i^*"|tBt^jfl^»W<i---/dr'-^a&:«ri4:.ivJi>L:-- -O«x.'~4\*6.' t?»'ir.-.:
AV .ffxif: !;)^:'« '•' f \i t-te'rsi' icTciSt^S^^*^!* 7 *^'
/^.Viy.ff,- ; -J. r / : sirrts .:-Bltf(*ff.?\i*a$x~ for-- wdflc-.:
:;.-:^&rc!i;i;.f--r^ ! -b.;yia;d : T-air3ry;i(jyi»'vM*rl<et :^L j
si.. j.i A.^iiis. Vo-.kini' »t. :.ii"
;,/>i"faWi-"«al-t)/^^-r.frf/ l .rter;w.-';r-roTri'-rtoyi?ap>l« of
'¦;:~Xi<ttfr'T.e' lex '> hcjn.'J- tiave. Beyrunetf-jjensifpri*;.
.'TTBT' rxir- zrx •j'-s-'rhyey.-.-C-hi'/ri. 7na.de'. ;-aty$'l- a-ird-..
•y-V.l,v'( j :-if>-Lr:-.-'qri"Tf- io^t-rh.M-k'at Itz Mi xtp'pmr,
¦'¦ : .« i.vn<yt- r^" rrja:i.>t?afjc.^g".'ll '%i ajfci;-'glta»; bid. ¦
:X ¦'>!.-AN'.",r,f ihd'.nUjabre'.ereVgy "and ='pu«"h!« "eo«j"4 : -
: »rt :v ¦fa-F^'r.: to. rtakV; fivoiif v: '_ F. ' JfliRSQN.:
. .y«TT r, r.«T 4T«;.I.:'a*rott ;-'.hjill«2in>r.'. ". . '.'•• :' ...-/¦
L.T'i^A'-g'^zsi^T^a'Ti. .'• li-ofe'm- ClS;'Eri»-'
¦- :-rjia.'^pr«tlwJ8-'-b'ld.gi 8 " 92T.Ma'rket a <ctt:.°. .. •' V •/-.'.
; 1 : U".M K S S LT i V>». : -r*f; itiWn,' ' jpre*p " Tja-^id s -a nil •
¦.¦¦-.7.aSivrs'.f.ar : i*-hallng: ;i>ent'» place. il6.SteUa.rt-. j
it %V ift-tiir, '-. Jj-ni'tnr' : »v'.rk."f<ir"'-Ji:iUcrjr'ln S. * t'.
'^^*^^y^2 .¦Z*V}tav:£t* Vt._-;.-' ¦--' -. "••',¦.'
¦¦EAH>>r.&.*,'rij-.'f rriififl/y. «^aTfio'r> '.for- derr'-wMter'-'
' , r "•^' yS ~: *¦ A • t ' t ' 1 -^ ' I/liii. FS ."p la f e. '¦ -2*> 'ot^u'jirt it.-.."
l'-'.v^'n. Ary.";-:!:;- A'. Bu1i£a.V*V 4<r-.VPh>lkh *ldR-
"?;a>-.t ¦ysjr- " Gy>. t 'jjT- -Thbinaj • Pott.;- .*i. \Ji, ft
avi aJebEETSn «6t»l/« ]Tfc'^4 Woeit Mari
._; kPt— 7<rff.-r:<irt 1 ib-; ;.'3Sff : ' nirht': ". r<;a^ine-tT>0rr.s;
; . frt f . "--Bit* -6n-3 >»»y jr«'gy -jU; arid- fi-rrfn" ferry.:
A BItANVuTi-rnce C*li ror. : rt.e rVcVprlon
- of M«£ftttetB*Ql«: and. calufcttptfotia has b^en
..¦¦;r>!«>n'd'-.ut' KKjS: -Market' :ft-.".onDo«i»£ -Flfxh.--
;' 'i /yn : ,'iinri*.:il'.'P..'. t.v - : .- •'" • ¦.'.¦•"• .'. I
.AnVKPlflSKifKNTf:, VubVc'riptioiis" reVef-vd st
'.;*CaH '-TV-Hfj-eh -offto*". cor.' I>Jui-ari.& Church «*.,'
CJiKAI?E5ff : ''iMid.-'beEf <n" An)-r!:«-The .WeV'xIy
; ;..Cal!.-.-l.n .,i.-.^c?-; »»nf" .J« 'a^ilrrss- jri til*"
¦ Xeww Siatesor Chna^a..ons; year f i>r.j5 1. [¦:•¦•
.ALL fi'x-n n » : n<*. rt ,o<.': illjtrrtlr dairistfpdVlhalf .
»r,ppce.» ftQ-'Ml«gl6a : ft^ b*t. l.n aad.*ga->U.^
.GET Voyr.-.».ho«>« .half-i;led -while: jval'lns: -SSIB;
¦¦¦•'"*- v -' ¦"' :*• .Mi^t^n- >!.. t«-i' jrt-'awd *d.-*n*. .
.'.'¦.;.• ..HailSEi -.- '.
'Ri;G"l'LAR "vuriLon .¦"•aleW'or rrorieic busjclfT.
. vvBTrr'f asd.ham/M *<*v»;rV-"-Mcn<i!iy at" ill"
-. o'clock, at" ; <:i"5 Eilis" fct;''»ll *ic"r*»^» .ici'i'ran- .
. --trf-d. -'j. l-e . a*" QQIfC'ttOtttf. *&'• \V'ATKI\."j ••¦¦
Auctaia*^*. • rfaog . Eiit^nt ".••'•;'. *•" '. •'
AVOTl.ON'ifalo «f hirers »vcr^ Av.r*ne«jiy':^r '
U,!.:'m..'.'I1.7 fix'h *l.;. fy-ri'- ho/sc : n>ust''b«
. •*¦-. tri;rf«nfr't or* rgoncy. r<>furjd»(f. '. JOHRT'j '
' ..nQVLK. Auctipn?«r>".'.. -'-^ -,>¦•... -..'•"•.•.,!.;
' & ANTED-JfA-' " r tod".- ' -s<2«rr3 ; "bor>K - ''*t><i ' T-aponi '
•.'.-.7*:i'«lv>-fqr vlflivf ;:y; . rt a t «; :a pa' 'a o'd ttflcht-
' ' .vt- Kors^'and'.'w.ndljion'of-'ix-aRv*'.' ¦ U^nt'2tiO2'
".-'•^afc •fifftf*.?. '.'. '..'.'"¦¦.¦¦¦.'. ¦:" .'" ; -.' .•.-•
: .-'.•rj!L'5fJ'NXSS' > buRB:i*a.'!»"en;air t*^agan*k/ r, Ttfb-:'
¦.."; *Mf*-.trrrd-'- i'a'rk.;Vjj;fcief . an3 S surr<-jr» .'for
'-•Bite fjtcap.-, -1SOT, Kplfccni st. . .- . r . "". .-.
¦•K.'-Tl'.. ra"l»- "«t- t-Mtfain — lAghr ¦ifts*r*trr su«»«t*
: .ta-jT^cpirflHntr, If.OP.w'EW...
LG609 ;i-s> '.wanted'; -brihV cat rtoaaj'." 'XTS
, ; -M^tf>n. tt '.-*.•' .'."• •"•""'. .-""'' . '"' '." ".. ..
.CXiD r»slure.";.r.artfd •fcV-2''hcrsf«.. 'Box 290t '
.. Cp.li .of fit*.. . ;'. . ; '.'.•. . ..-.-•
AlXT.I<T)N..«-very TuwdaV.I Jl'^r-m-. ' «f hprses.
¦^ r-ajrer-g-.-.-.n^ h.ywr;. a'fl"14« rolsnra it. '-.
Al . J.'Xl'EK'f-Ss •wa-jpn. llriu c»ni')f-jR 'wagon,
r.nd.c.-can frr mU .cbt-ttr).' 53*i tJlMioh l*t.
I.arjrrM ' umiort < 2<l-»iand « a sons. liuckM. rur-
r»v.h3n.ryi».w.-:i'k .^Ivlnahr rhea. lBih -Valencia
A—I'IJINTED lift c? *ioi:«'» to IrtT^end fo'r^irT
• «Ti:ar. O. H. UStUPgN g.- CO.. 20 MontcomeYy
MrALLIisTKn. 12C5»— 12 lootr^Tibath. and bit.
lierd-roum; jfXO; water free; rnod-rn.
ttEFOHB rrovins r^t cur prtrted lln of hou«*s
to let. BALDWIN & HOWF.LL. 2.*. Post at.
T17— HOirj-'E. r, rooms, 171 Collins -st.; near
Goar>-et. cars.
REAL KSTATE-^-CITV — FOIl. SALE.
" ' •¦¦ PEREMPTORY. AUCTION;- : v.
'•'•'.•••• PER-EMPTpRY At.CTION. ' . ¦' ''.
By.- order, of DR.. EMMA. Li MERRITT. .
;¦ ExwUtris.of the Estate, of' '. , ¦
¦ : '. APOJifH SUTRO. Deceased.; ' .
'•• ' .THURSDAY. MARCH 3.-1004.
. ¦ • -.'• At our office and salesroom,: ' ;
. . . . -25 Post St.; at 12 o'ejisck nodn. ••
.' -." We" will^ offer at auction to b'e -. -" ¦•.;.
T '.. ¦•: sold- to the • highest blddera an4'; .-
; '. •• ¦• Subject to: corifl'rma.tlpn : • . :':';.'•
;' ;':.;•'...•> V by- the. Superior.- Court -...'¦. . " • y
Ocean. Boulevard Ji,ots; ;Oceiln Bou|«V»rdt<oti-
"Frontlng. on Fourty-elg.hth -av'e^ and Ocean bou-.
levard. between O and P attf.. Lots 2!iot 130 feet^
w:lth double frontage, adjoining a . ma,gnificent
$7«00 residehc'ei The grand-. Pacific" Ocean, at
your. frpnt door. ¦ • ; " '• -. .•¦¦•:'.', '¦ . ¦; .. r ..- .-
. r- PARK "AND MA'niNJ^ VIEW BLOCK; : '¦;'¦'¦¦
•'Whole *locH in J5f> BUbdlvJsioiis, ; 23*10<> wnd 25i
J 20- each; " fioril I ns .on-" Fu Ueh ¦ and C sts. , Forty--
rixtn and Fofty-sevemh. ave j; ; 2 -btock*- to the
..bouleVard" . atd car lines.' Superb •-" vleTf.'.of
'."jf ;""".. --Golden Gate Park arid" Ocean;. ¦':.¦'¦'¦ v'-'
'.'¦:•.-¦" ".¦¦ ; . ' : J>rr-.UNSbL'D. LOT&^HI y ¦''-.:- ' •'•"¦.' .'-I:.
Pn .hUt.h,- sightly ,eliy*flon(n block ?25t oh Cllft
'a;v.J».\<T)emeht;'«t:. ITorty r fourth, 'ahd. 'FoWy-Bfthj
-ave^.-; •¦surrounded "by. pretty... homes'. •; «hd- cbm-
liiandlng' vi»w-of *he •.Ocean;, .-Cliff' House, Sutro;
Heightii: arid. the.Park. . The-lasi: lqtBtobe had
in- Iliis" deelrabie loc^tron;- :•.;¦•.." . :. ¦•.•>' "¦¦ '¦..•'
¦
.EntrJreVbioek ony.thifi'.fteUchts'. or. In subd.lyisl'oni; :
doubje. frontage -./lots ' on'- Ctairendon-'ave;' andr
:A*h > b«rj / 1-'-'.- »t :•'• fen --eleCtrle -ear. ~Mrie. - : Transfftr.
priWleges' toall parts of the, elty. JlaEOflicaye. .
¦and BlBh{e<:.nth-6t, -car* passing," BplehdW VItbw
j of 'eity..; .¦Chahe'e-.fQr speculator^.- ';". 'I'; '.",'. i ;,;':'.'{.
t terms of sal&tCash; •.•;••• ;' " : .\ ; }:
¦¦';:;¦:¦':. -Map'. :and -parilculara : at. Our- QfBc«.- ¦'..!.,, '-,
y- :\ -baldwi/n: &.HQj\y3Liiv''2ni post 9T.;' ¦¦'¦» ''¦"¦¦
¦:.:¦ ;-.- /,;V;:.''.- V AUCTIONEERS;..; ; .'.r ., > ¦¦fl>.-y
:;'.vV.'^?.-7>!:-;B^lMVY^:;ifcrHQWEftt.i>"'';-!": ;•*•!•..<;
,.-.•:.'.:¦."..;•.;'.:*:¦-¦ ¦.¦¦"p-..poot'6.tf".-.: .•. ¦:-. ¦¦..- •¦ ¦;.'¦••
• W2.000— '4\ -new •'"flats,- ¦ well .* located' in ' : the
,-.. • • .' . . 7") y f e'et ;¦'¦ . rents- ' $105 ' per ; month-;". Vialf ' a
¦..••¦" .(-/Wecft' '.trb*^;r'9£^i^i^*it.VtttnU'V. : : •..-:.- •-'
$10,56€r-^EIegan£ ; - Ea»t.lake; .modern •' reMaecee^
... r • .-rbntaififng- -12" roomtl.: batb;; f-tc, ;v.liirgf
: -'.;. ; . ¦ o gf«runds,' 60x1.37:0^" on tibrth:lln>5oX Cjay."
¦$i©r50p-i^hrader;-st.:' lot-'SSgcUi'^i 2* flat's "con- '
.; ;• . . ; : "tjilriitis 15 -roams;' j-.etks.$30'<jer- yiriphi.h..-
"$i.3/6(!«)pCilf fornU' st, '-(S^rtn- line) ; : 'lpt -ri(»-xOfl(-..'
.-. ';-. • y^' dtvelUngs of: 9. roofni : ai3d' bath: . each;'
'.'.;:". ; ; j>.ri.ti» '?S5-; rex^-moii'fii; U't. ¦->."¦.-'.': : ¦':. ¦¦'-. '-'-.;
¦ $12-,BpO'-4priee '= rddueWi " 'f rpn>V $i : 4\bo6 '. t6=: effect
. -• -". . • -immedjat* £^1«: kpUn^id:'.NE. . cor.' on
;.;¦-, : .- :.'' Clay'.st. ,-"10t- 27:"S:iiSClpQ'; trhprovenxettf '
-'¦ . ¦'•: •;' -t'piVBlJrt' />¦£. : EuWtanfiai '. '."y^sldenee . .Con-.
-.'..• f-Otattiliigf -1"3 ro^ms'and /bath; : a iJargalhV.".
: ' iJ',JX>O-^WeJis{er st.'': i^aU.-oX-Cand 7'.'ro.?ms '
-". ' ¦ : a'nj bi«th'>ai!h: -ljCt- SSjoIOO; rejifs: »5i:50.
I ..'.-¦ .per'..-Rio*ih-;-.^j 'bfsfck' futfm. -cayii,. -••¦:'-; -.;
- $7,0JiO^-jFlrstv'st:.- Vprn?.r.V. Tot'.' 25x75;- :2-^tor.y
:'.'- ¦•"... " -'h.o\ise:'6f. -.lJt»-.ixxjtoi> . arid, '.bftth.;' : "brick.
y;.. ; .'•.. Xpjinaa,t^v> : '-^^H?^' 1 i s '-^'^r?S- t ;* : '-"' '"••"••"•¦"'¦-
¦ st.. c'orBe'r ;.' lot,' 77:0x6'); fesi-;.
;'¦"¦-. '/ [de-nceypf '12 j.obfi\*,y. t -' : ' ¦':. V:-.yvy ;^yV
il^OO^Rents- |a^Bg| r per.'-.'m^n.«:.&w;*:bjQ('[4.'--: >
;¦; " '. •¦'¦ ''.. trig' on G.oprrer(r-<i ! .-efeciric : lin».;'latr itflxv
¦ . '-. •;•• . ftijr. feet. to' a rear stteet.; «. separate apart 'i-.;
'¦".•".' ¦ ¦ •' .merttir of- ' -j rpena? »rtd b<rth 'eaeh;. mbd* •
. » : - erri -and. ¦up-td- date .'hi yeyery; rcapec.t;'
,- . .V --«plend;id; JnyeitnVcnt^ ..".:'; -" .-' ; . 1 ¦ ;.- yy V
.'•': $4,dOO^R<infs. J42. p.er.! month': ; *. s.ep^r&Je; flats:
'.' •'"¦¦'.' :..<?f. 4 r6o.ins"e:ac>i;-<;.108e' to Third- st.' arid.
¦ .: ¦ .HouiUi-rn. Pair I lib- ; tlepbt ;. let ha»- d.quWe"
••'-.•/• • yfrorito^s.yy'-.-Jy'v: •¦¦••¦ ;; •'•'¦'."•¦"¦ " :'.'¦¦'
:?j,2.bOQ— JORji'sti.. n«;ar^ enifan.c.e to. Gbiae'ii Gall*
.. -. ;'.- . Idf :L'5x-137 :*>¦;¦¦ pt-w. building qt,:i;
:¦¦: •-, •..?e;p8rdti..ns»t« of <X 7 and f 7 •ro^msl ;anU
: •• '. . . .:. •.bath'tla.eh;. r*ni« ,^V!'5 p>t w.anth. -.' --.'¦' '.•'
' .ft. SCC^vrTWov'stbry Hou?,e Vif. 1 . roo'mji. and '^athi.:
."•?
.'I'. •':¦• .'..laoa-tljjn*-'..'." 1 '. ¦''•;"• * : "" ¦ ' ¦'.'' •'.''¦¦ •.¦•'*'.'••.
$7;5fJoi-Po>eH st. ; '¦.: |ot: ; 40x7.a;V "reots .$7B • per
.' ; • ";. I" r JK'^l^<%ur-'Mf%; .. , ;
;J9y75/i-^Rent.s $3S1 :'vt*~ :aritj.urni "..". .'•' ' .;. ; '.-..'y;
'^oSt^^vi^ht'iioniyoi'AM'^'-^ ¦ • "• • •";.
.. -wtth.in.2 blocks of -.Market jstreet.' .
'. ten' -.mlrtutv.H . to- City : ttijl; . ' -.-':' ¦ ¦•."."• v . ' •
• '.3 '-elegant, "liars,; : ju*t .c0hii>i«:tPd, t" :'. * .- "•• '.'
v.'ajr.rejjted-.antf ! tnodefn: In. vv'exy ."--. ¦'¦.''-' ; :'¦•¦¦'.
. : - respfect;-. 'mirble.- steps '-'.extra/ Ilghf- ." '•
..' - and - Biinny .". • Proper ty. ,h.ki,- ne-v er . been .- • ¦ " • ' ..- - '
'i>ff«red':t)tfpr.e, ; ;-. -. -." , '. .;-..'• .¦.:•,¦.•¦'.¦'•'
•; .; :•••'•. '.¦¦'"BA'tJi\Vi^-"&-H:6w'feLLV : '' : '*¦ •
•.¦"•."¦•• :.."¦•. '¦•:¦'-.•' .'5S Post ¦'st;.y- •¦;•• '.¦¦:¦.¦••¦;.•';
. '¦: '¦;'. * '¦ °. -WESTliltS AbhiTlpN'.' . i. '..* • \
" : . : ' : : ;'/;' ...' '- , BLOCK "653; : . ' : y .".•';'
: .. • '•'•:.' .; JURUAN TRACT. '• , *¦
' :f"43-EX,TRA iARtJE LOTS.' ' .' . :
• .43 EXTRA LAHOE. Lt*J"S.; .'
> : ::;r:4s iso. •; ¦'/ ¦' ; '" : ' :: -
'.-..'• . .". .¦.-.' .33;'4xlS0. • . ¦ -. ;."- •' . ¦ '. -. ...
'. '. " •• '.' '• ;SlG5a'to $1850 ; '" : :¦ '••'.'-''.
•;¦"•.-¦ ;• .$W5O : J.O- '$'1S3O: ,:¦•':
".This is the. first anriounceinent of t'ha subdi-
vision of a 'portltin ot the . well-known -. Jordan
Tract. . •¦ ' . - ;;...'¦ . ¦ ..,'¦'•' • ';• ...
iSo. andy. see- this . block', at v once' and 'Bccure
¦ybiir. choice." .It IV- near tlw corner, of • First ave; ;
aVid ..C-alifQrn|a'st.--ana" cart-.bc easily reached by
tak-lnu. . cltlief-.-tiw Eddjf r Bt; ' cars- or.-the Slier iV
:nieiilo-st." oars. and-. get off -at- E11».t »ye. '.'•.' '
' Kasy \ ternr.K — flne-ftfth'-, cash; .:-' • • ¦• .. •".: '¦¦•
..-.Kafiy • terrr.s-^orie-rifth'. qft's'U.' ¦' '¦ ¦ ¦ ' '.'¦'.'¦ ".;.
J?al-4.rit"e- In 1; 'J; .'» and. 4 re«r*- : K6ne--ft ; Cth each-
yfiati. .-.•/.'.••:•."•¦¦" '¦ -¦-.- '.•'..¦'""¦ '•'
• Tfie; .blb.ck- i» e..vceptiorially.' -harifrsome'. and- is-
level, -yTbe tt^Crt are -Ifrnde.d, jniacadami^etj
¦ nd .- sfrwe.rfd.. ' and' f v«ryihlrig. read'y : - foi*'" thai
buH.rvisc-.-- A .new -foature-Ji'^s been, inaugg rated
'In the. sal^-nf thisl'jiroperty ':injh«.»>taf6rceniefit-.
of %l\e fbllowlrrc.- fpstrlctiona.-" . which arc riinrle
'.for the. -p'r.o.t-ect losi of- nil; and wn|.rl\ ¦ >ve; h'av<>"
¦ rib 'Uoulst, i -wjll/ aKfd- much .to '¦ the- valu*. 'of- tiro
. land nri'1 "bo nppr<iclated : *y iall! rraf lioino gw*',
iers::- -'-".•.;....'• •'.-'¦•'-' -v '¦.¦•••¦'..; '¦ .''-.¦-•"..-.V". '
"-.•No -jot- ¦will. be>.. wild-. ffij 1 ftp'y. .-hut-, pe^ldence'
prorioriios, /Lrvcluairig nal.-rrto.re' trian.'two'.^flats^-
. -No." scores,.' -churches; Ftatiles; "couj* yards' .-<>r'
Jtny ¦«b;ieetio'n'ab*lft-:biirjd|tiS6; : . : . The . riVanT»p ; r vl'
enftrrci-nK • thesV .reat'rictlpns -wiif -'.be ,-expialncd
fulry.-at:oiir of Oce, .-;•.• -..-.-; >.;-..: - :•.- :.'.". ;..'-.;¦
' The Idfttt f»..td.rViakft It poF.liWe for 'yeu'to b<ty
a' lot 'and', build., a homo .\ylth.out bring ryliwd''
-or • flahWRed My. n.Hgh.bortnK. build.lnKs^ . Tlwir.
sands of- pebpl.e in' this" €tty 'who hilvehullt •!«¦.
" BiTabta horties lTB.ve : ')>ad-them. rulrfed'by -tli're'e».
. 'story . : fla't.s,-.'«tore«,'-cipar. yards,- etc: -Owing- to-
the- .restriction* nnjr.th*«:laTg'e' lots; this' Uloefc:
: -will", be, bu(J t . up. Into. e-e'l>ot- -iresidehce' property-,
andl bccprjie- very- .vftiuah.i.eX- :.--. .-." ' ¦- •'
¦ 'it Syin'pay you t.o:b.oy n-Xatge lot- Instead of:
a 25-fnrot" ldt# as >'ou-.'c3,fyF.av'e -the price 'of the
extra'lahji'ln the-coit, of >:oui" butldjrig.-nnd be:
-pldes this s>cure; an abiinf\anre. af light an*;
¦jsun'.-flnd-'-b'utM'.'a more -a.rrfptic* b.onie^ / "
'" Our axcjnt-.wlll.be 6n-the. block "Sunday' with
"dta'sram, -'.or- you;- rnay rail- at our .'Offlrio.- for',
¦Ynore'cbmblirter Information: ¦ :-Btit' t«K« ¦ our' 'acl'--
vli-e and sec- the ruT>T>#fty at once. \j?'-rltfj
' • .. '.. ", LYON &: H O AC,; . X 1 » Mon tgotn ery . st. •.
¦ $10.850--CASH' $2000; neoriy ' completed; rents I
il^OO'ftfr year;-' 766-02-64 6eventh-ave. Isoule.'
.- vard near' Fulton St.; 17 minutes from City
¦ " llallr atl-rilffht car service; . ev.ery possible ;
'. latert Improvement; .215x120. .- Apply- on •pram-
| Urn. I to t 4.'.' - ' ' .''; -." • ¦ ; " . - ¦ .
$50<> COWN arid" $20 -per I month for ' new <cot-
•tu'Rf. 4 r- ami b.; «n .China avt. and Mission.
• . $2"3iV— House. 0 r.. and- b.. ' with stable;- !
¦ '¦ 40iil» Twenty-sixth- »t, .... ¦ / • ' ¦ ; -«^-j
' p. 'COFFIN & CO-. M03 Mission Street.^:
BUILD 'on 'your: unlmpfoved realty: wa Joan
. full, cost Imprpv. and part Jot at 6 per cent;
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building..
REAL KSTATE— CITY-—FOII . ¦ SALE.
: : NEW FLATS. .'"-'.-•.' •'¦ • ¦
¦ Only two- left ;• ??fo6: rented ¦ for. ' fS70. per
year': .?3O0O at 6 . per cent can remain.. See
GEORGE STIERLEN, owner, at 1.17.1 Masorilc
ave., between Waller and Frederick /sts. -.- :
• AUVERTISER " will pay HCOO cash Tor Iats Irt
"vicinity "of. Golden Gate- Park.. E.' .S. " "J.,
..box 2*77, Call. . -. '. ¦ ". -. • . '. ••
DO you warit.a'. nire bathrocrn?. Call on : AHI^
.BACH A MAYER. P.lunjbers. 8.TT. Howard st. -
HEAL . KSTATE" — Conn it ft— For Sale.
$.10 A MONTH >u'y* a lO^acfo farm, f
$200 profit per annum' per acre. • • ¦.'"¦¦ : .'
-Write for booklet, it'a free. 603 J -'at.'.-''
-. WR1QHT& klMBROUQH.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALFALFA ..lands,' stock ranches,, orchards,
.'. vineyards: '.Inspected' bargains rmont'hly cata-'
. logues sent free- ¦ C. M. W^OSTER CO.. 9*9
" .Mp rkft •«*•; '. : : ; ;; - ; : : ••.. •¦- .-' v'; : ¦-;- - - : ;
A WEEK 1 s" hews for. S»i;«ht.8— The Weekly. Call,
'¦•./¦IB par?*.- In 'wrapper.- fpr. mailing, $1 perye&r.
¦X'i^X '" £$?}'$* J?l % } F ':V'
WATER front lots- and bargains: all tracts:
' roapg. TihKtfie.- etc. ' BKI-L.- 417".Parrott bl'dg.\
AliAM^liA;
¦•¦.,. \-AhJWKi>\ :jiEAii /&&?*"?&*.)¦: J^'
8- FINE lots. VadjcflninB 'University"
' groiintls: 'corner on' main !drive;. will jex.'.
¦ charge for A lameda property. Box 203i8. Call.:
$iCC<>— .CO-TT'A'q*; ¦'¦'of .4 roem> and bath ; lot 2f«4
-• klSTHi-Caiy see; Gr.Dvej»t.;.;Sart Francisco. .
;'.;y.';.'pKi^.B^ ; -' .
*725^3i!if?OOM eottasfe,- t .block •¦•from 'car- line: '
.lot; aOxXfid.:: easy y.ternjs; : situated, -at -ioOrf
:¦: Grayson i : .st.. : :W«t, Berke!e.Y.- ; •¦ y. "' ¦ .'¦: ¦ •"• "• -.
'," : -MOHAN;" &' . SW-Vt^; : , 213t .. Shattuek a vc;'.
:-ppp»y. Berkeley '.iiatlon; :.-• ..- :- : .:' v.y-.y .•..-': '.' .'.
A. • MTXR'lKDCk ':¦&. £p,, : . South}. B'erftelex • «t»rioii;:
! .'fof^bargajni': "wel-biilfd. buyj f£\\'-6ij
FKLTTVALE AiJV'HT'S'M'Ni^
.4 AC'RES;jri*a^pSuS^S?^ind- caf ..Une'-baJI-'to
'¦-¦ .Qri-iiarti; .' ; : large.'. • $-room .cottag» J '-«W^ a'.Ufi-
-. vrln-dmltl. ' tahkiioubc;- barnV. ' carriage.- houi^ :
¦¦';[¦ and. *ta bl»,: $»»>» ;'." half ta »h. H YN IilC ATH"
'. 1 XVESTMKNT ; Fru It vale -gtattia A . ; ; ;¦ : -
¦; : ;'iiBW^iM|^A^'Eirffl:. ;
¦ SEND- f Ot> ¦ 11 lils.tfated ¦ boakle.C tit 'the beat ¦ trftt.t f '
'-'. fight at. " : «>('atl^n; jOO. 'Idt's: Sold In riiorkha^
¦ *1Q riionth'ly' -pjBVmentsc big- lots at? 400 to
¦¦ .^TBg.:- ; ;L¥ON & HOAG. 116vMontgpmery. ».,
.'^y^^K^A^.I?.- ItKAli. 'l^iiTAT?^- '¦{"• V-':
¦>.."•'¦' ." : ;"BECI)En's. BAliOAiNk^ ~ r :-. ?¦• " •.:'-"'
•$3200i -new d*i«. and a..half story- t-robrn hotfse
'|^tl(^;^j^'^UO';'.Viear.''^d.''aV^v^^OjBjk)|^a-t'
."easy '"'term's-. ¦¦.-¦ ¦'-. '•. : ¦>• '.•.'¦ '¦-.;'¦ .'•.'..¦¦ • :: : " '
. .$BOQ.'tf>->ftW:: l«ts:28kJ23 at. corner •Mth-'and
>'Ma"rkfet. 'aii. i- qn.<? -«1.6ck %o 'fe*a4 I-'-a!'.io .ave.' a'-n4-
• short -_tvalk.'.to'_ bosjofess; .<etner i .cheapest ; lots
.ih'tdwn- '? ¦ ',¦;¦¦':¦• :. ¦;•;' '¦"¦ -¦'¦¦ ~S ' '•• ¦ ¦"•¦¦:.- ' '¦¦".
.¦¦ Jj)ioi>i Wuh'ny Io* SS)C;125'; hear .ff»n .-fablo ave-.
"artd B5th: tt/- ¦.'•.-•".. •' ' • ': : . : ' : "-¦ '."'¦ V . : " .-•
;4q<!7y wUl'Vbuy. 33»n*l 13 oji" Edivard it.";
"betwre^ .5"e,l6j?r,aph. ftver ;and- iircadwa-y:. . '• '.¦.'•
beftutrtaf; buiiaffig 'Wt^xJSi
Dh-Vfiiiqii -st., ; Wrrfoh 'Heigp'tR; ifand view..
'¦ .- ?1O7S:; 3tl-f6ot lot opposite-: tlejfcot • irians'lob
.of Heiiator Perkins, Vernoh. •Ifclg.hts; .-a- snap.- •'-.':
.' $*UK);. lot 2S)ttO»- 0n >: 2.StM. .et-t- <-'ioi«e. to .tfari
vPiblii .aye-. ¦'.'-.. ¦.'.¦•':'.¦:'* -";¦¦ ' ¦¦' -. y---:' v- . y.'-. •-•; ¦[
::..;¦• -BELbEN; REAL ESTATE. ., y :¦".
'• .- '. .• •' .; '• J i i 2 ' Br^ftiJ *a jg t>aWa nd- . ; '•; - • •• . : •'
$'J5o .CUtQ^f^KlQo^^^)^^:'/^^*^^ 1^^};
;¦', ;cnftagrj?. .>,urjoondea .-by- irn'mensft. la.urtl '-h.n'd-
¦ : .oak:rre:«-p',.r.unnJflK.!jt.re«tm..of:tho.UTitgm o w»it*i>;'
-. '¦ sahdv ' loam.'"?oil ; ti -to-. 10- f?«rt .dBeii; lovily'
- :.«urro"un<finKjrj -«ecfton.- .^bfllldl-n*-- up- rdfift! y :
. • up*]'- -t-af . : |"iiVie. ; : -;f\ii&" gbod- "»Bbj-.
-. °itaiiliaf c;6nunurtlt> ; •see-f^ and. yb.ti.\ylll buy '
• ' .it," ..KJir.« V adjoining Ejis't .Oakland;' 5a way ¦ f Kom
:'cpld- winds. "atid. rog; prfce air told.* S(JT.5; A!
': lojs; • Mx ICO. .Can or send' fop-: cjreplat.' .453
" -'seventh'^ St.;'-.opp. IHroadiyiy' Etatlingr," .O.akland-;
: :. -fajrt.ig'ge. fiyft. it, :? ¦¦JpNES'.= oytieiv ¦;. -. ..'¦•;
$S0e^rfNE W- -.mddei Jl- cottips. ' 4 roorns-. dnd Kit rr; '
, Tit -.160x1*40.. -on a sunny- corner 'In' filmhHrit;-
" "fic. "terttp" cyaki<jn*:. tlji» pfl^e hus : '.beer> re : -
;¦ :au.cfd;, ftV a' quick sale* owner ••goioir .EasJ.
' ftifxf w+»\t; :?na& ba'SOkl. "C. K. MARSHALL-,'
i lttfr .'Bebadwayj ¦: ¦ . :y. ¦'. ¦'-;". ';. ¦¦ •-> -- : - : .:
A DESlflAIlL"E" place fpj aV-teowBy". ¦fjroqr "dW-a'
¦: '.'• terms:' .' Sef..t1ie ; o^ner, -P. JV.'K'E-HLEfi,.'of
' ,R6s.e a^ .'n-th'ahd Siith-.srs.t riedmbnt 1 kve.<
.'f/flvg; 4«U : NJ.nth> st....- Oaklarid. • ¦"/; "¦ • . ... • . • '.
: .•"¦;,'';'0.A-K.^'Al\Q"'..Hg^;s-g5.''Ti>^Ll^T'i.'.- ¦
C THIRTV-*1XT11,'; 'ti)«fVriear "ii*y ¦; foute-^Jciy'.
¦;• r«»Ktr *<joif: -.7. .rooms^and' tiatri.;' nickel- -pl'uml?-
' - -lng|'"- very sunny.;: cpftifeUia't-iort .g'a» arid e'lec-
Xrlc, U«htl.n«'-.Tvn4: . fr^z'^itft :tfee.-.- \ . r
V- ; :- :.:-y.\: ; ; O;; W: Ay;STiy..'lipp2 Broad way. -.
BI(5 ; .cat«tioKue.:.bf '.'Jioiiies/- both, /for- -fale'. and
; . .'rentj ¦JBsue>lvpv» ! rfy' JIo.adAy.' hiortflrig;. get It.
,t>KQ.-. \\'.: AtrsJiN. 1002 Broadway; Oakland^ :
¦' ; 'Mfrntjer'.^f lUe. Ortkr'and. Jtcal Etttife A.sgh.- ¦•'
; lK>(;SE'.'Of yp'nlce • clea'ii, 'furnishfed' .-rootns, .bath
"... and-' «as;- .ftaiRI-ng'-dljBtapeVi. to'. local ".tralh-;.
• rent ,$3Sr .rffeVences:. . = 1422*, Thirteenth a>e:.
'¦".¦Eaiit-Qakiai.ija..' ; -.-'¦; •:.;: y : ,"¦ ;---y ..'!":-' ; "¦¦¦ -
• flAjct,A,vr> ¦¦:• ». ; i"ivviTi.'nB i'oii- \Jialb.-
TO-"!V10'liROW''tf}*e day'. for.'. bargains ih;*uirql-
• tu'r^'H..'Bch»|naa.ii.'llth'at.,ct?r.Btpre,paklaiiJ.
MS ; ,FOR . llbusBKKiCPiXG. y^
BIRCH'.aye.-,. 6iO4-f8.' !a. fiat of. 3 good 'rdoiha;-
¦' -ujjfuxniatiesl. 'Apply .«42- Grove "st: '. . • • .' • .".
CHELSEA," «,- toulh Side Bush; betT. Powell.and-
• ytocktofi— i'arlOr sulte;hkpfe. privileges; auiet ;;
ETE 1^OR^itAla5' : '.^Q5"Tost-7 NlcTly fufn. rras.. "
•"¦ $2. week up", ¦ttl.soi\Jkpg., : $4 to' $7 t week; ¦•
"ELliV T EN.'riJ. 211—" sunny -furnished' rooms., for
•il«ht-. housekeeping^ rent "ch^ap.. •' . . .' :• .' _'
FOr.'R-TH,:' 401— Two *unny -C'MfipJirte' houi's-
• . keeping, rooms, w|,Ui toal. 'iov* shd .Wtish-
¦ tub;' no'.cniMi'enj-runnfn.B water; -rent *W.
G°EA R Y, ICOiJ— Nicely "furni sunny front parlor:
single .- room* ; "hqusekeeiilnjr privileges; gas..
Gt'EJRREnb. ' 1131— 2 tm 4 furnished, house"-
'. keeping rooms-' ' piano,. bajh, poreh; -IS-to .$20..
•HOJWARX)^ 1:ji0-=-T5vo -sunny .furnished house- ''
k'eep.lnj" ro&ms; also .one ulngre room ¦
JESSIE.' 323-- I>arge . sunny '.rooai; fumi'shed:. 1
' ¦ housekeeiil^s; -gas range,, rlos'tt, wate^; J12.
.. . rpcihth. '• -¦ ;.' . ..¦•¦•'•' ¦•'. •-..'•'• '.¦'._
i^lrCKftRBOCK-ER ApaTtments; 1540. Pipe—.
¦. iSiip.ri>% f.tnrnl^lTPd-.-3-r'oom' suites; ateam-heat--
'• •¦.ea-,..c')ectr.tc.liKhtpd;- -fr*« baths; ra«e $3p'-up.; "
M(5sP, -l."i,-.off ir.owiird,.. nr. 7th«-2 'sunny (rtvnt
¦: ;-rqarn'f, flirn{ih«tdv-fpii ho«»ekps:
LARKIN, Sl7l6— itarge; • nicely : furnished ' cor^
.' : nef.'r<>om.: Y61dlpg.l*.-<1;' Ba3itov<f:..rea>onahl.e.-'
NoS/- "47— .TV.rec: - sunnv iurnislied roomjf for- 1
¦ -- hou.sckfecfiink; .nduHs ferity: . American family.
• POWELL; : 1006. 'The- Virginia— Klccant I ur-
0 nlsJi&a* bajt-tvlndow with.:, gas-
• F^ngg/j eloctrfcfelevAtcr.. nlJo .Alnsle..*
•TmRl>v30Ji— Two surinyvfront rooms. '$12 i su;te'.
¦ Xif-^3; .¦•$.!«: anpChe x ; ': «S.*' ; r .'v'y.- :¦'.. '-".".¦ .'-. ::^ ' " -
/.VAiN.NF.sa." O^P^JEle.gint' siinny .suit* of' 2, S
¦or.4 ¦hottggk'eer'I'nR-. roo.rr.ii" fh 'tncdern.- fiat.-.- ¦
: :;. .:;.-'.y";A^irI5Ta^»^ao^s^^^ ;^v;
¦'¦. cornpleted: ninny: modern 3frm. arjartmenfs:
:". elvg*rrt!y furnished: electric. IJghts;' private
.- • b4th»r $40 up: -fcts.i' alag doctor's of tTcea. ."
ST: CECILE; 115 "F.eIT..ab"o« A'ari -Ness^TChe .
: acm* of -perfejitlch' In' elegantly fprn. 3-rboin
:. aparrt.niSrts; nrlvate- baths.; steam-. he«t. elec-
•tricirght?. eltvaVo'. (jail ra.hces; V>0- to-. $Mi ; ."
J St.' Andre, .1230 Pine— J?ew nja'nagemcnt, superb'.
1 • aptrnt^;stfjctly n'rst:«|is>; ifeapi hAtrrltctrfo
' llKhHsjwiv.rphon-iielev.iVlo 5 rrhs.. wl^.prlv.
."• bath r turn.- or unfurri.'MRS. W: WEIR, prop.
ST 1 ? LOUIS, 15?."»~J«(eks6rv et.— Miidcrn . 3^3-
FuoinF,.alsp' sing!*; furbished or unfurnished;.
• 'marine vlewf. now- «3pen; refarence*.-" •"
GRAND view; 'new. modern apartment, resl-.
dence.- HtOl California st...oorner # Lydri: now
open' for' inspection; convenient , car . lines.
iR.0QU6lS ArwirtmenU; .510 Ellfs, hr. Leaven*
.worth; 2.: 3 and 4 .rrhs.: open for.'lnspeelion.
¦" liADDON~l4 ALL~ " '. V '¦¦ "?~:~ ~
.¦¦-'.-:>• 031 Bt'DY tST. REFEREN'CES.
APABTMENTS WA"NTEIV.
WANTED— A :ttiree-room apartment complete-
• . Vy furnished for houwke'eping. Box $3o.Call.
MODERN ' apartmert." bf 4 .rooms, wanted,' • fur-"
hlebed,.Box 2601, Call office.
r o o m s ti> .'*-'**: R?*m?i,
"AURORA, corner Second and Folso'm «ts. — New
house, r-ew' furniture: every room- outsida;
•modern arid sunny; prices from *1 50 per.
• week up;- this Is the only up-to-date, housa In
this vicinity;" flrst-cla,ss grill attached. ¦
A— 'BRUNSWICK. HoUso... 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c- to $1 p<r night. $1 25 to $5 per w*ek and
. ¦ light hougekeeplhg rooms; open all night..
AT "'Jhe Alinont'e." 873 .Market at,' <or No. I
. Fifth M.)— Rooma.'?Se. .30c.-.tL $1 50 night;
, $X 50 to $10 wetk; house open all night. .
ALL newly furnished beautiful, rooms at.- the.
AVaverly. rooming house. '841 O'Farren sU ¦
i BURNETT; 1420 Market (old No. . 1-64)— Kur-
nlthtd Tooms. suite, alngler. al.so. tinfuTnlshed.
CUMMINGS (The),. 61S-.Post.'. nr. Taylor— Jrjst
•opened: desirabjy located;s"unny, single rooms
- and -suites." with, private baths, hat asd'.cctd-
-. water, atfearh heat; electric Hgn'fs.. phone eVery
. ' room; i.eieyator. 'Phone .-East 13t7. tr-desirea. •
CLIFFORD^ 204 E!llf a,, corner Mt;pri-r- Elegantly
• furnished sunny roOnis-;.. prlct* "reasonable."
DlAMONp, ?'l»^-'2 : ftitnlsped rdoms", and
. ;2yuhfunHsh>d. $6.- •¦ : '. '.•.-..: '¦ '
EDDY, 44«^--N«Ce -furnished : room' for on* o*
y jwo persons.. '.'¦''•'.. * •¦ _' \ -',- ¦" ; '¦ ¦ . ". ¦
. EDINBURCrH,' XHE.- 239 . Powell., cor. -Geary4-. .
: _"8ttriny?uUS». *nd'- offices: als« slngl* rooms. --.
EbDY.-JlO^SIngle ami' /loutole; sultabie, for
..- :gentle'man; : 'f ait, -.bath; reasonable-.. -. • '• '.¦¦..¦'
FOl'Rtk,'. 4;jWSunny riooms: Bultable Tor one
: -pry two;" new.; -good- location; 'quiet house;-'
' _ re.n.t.jf6"'tor."$12. . . . '. ' : * .«*. -.:¦ ¦': ;"••;•
FERN HALL. "12 Bush— Elegantly" furn. romi;
-. all stin'ri-yj terms ;'rea»dna.bl'e;.. reference*,. * "'
FJOL^OM. K.14— Syn>y^room».'. *itBcioaets and-
. fcatji; *lPilo "and doubl? ' beds;, .fl'25.- \xeek.
FOK ktrisi'e ientlferiian;' In privat? ->ome. Kno.
Ipthc'r rloomers)-, a larjre- sunny ' furnished -
• room. .Vvlth bath .ad^oinirir; '4, blocks tfom
." parit Entrance and" H blocks from .pjinhandla.-
..- Address: ;.Box".2C24. ; Call of flee'. - ; , • .• . .- -
• GRAND ebHt'herf»:.rth and MIsstoc^Robms. 33c
'.'• to. .8X'2S night: St 50 to $tt;wlc.';.ri8adlng:robni...
.OOnDfifN- GATE; jUa—LoVelx ''s-JrVny. " hay-
, •• \vlrifiow. -parlors :'.cornDlete'.- for' ."h'otiackeeplrtR. .
G'OHGHi JjisjA-Sunny . tu.rnis'h»d'. rooms .with
;• ' larrge. -closets^. 'ai'so: hpuaeTt'eepinki. ; reaganttble. •
HEBMANN".."Ce«. teti. FiUmbcii^and" St«lper sts. : .
¦ • .^-^KUrnlehed ¦- rdbm..'wlt.h f.r«.t-class-.^bctard-. for .
•.'..rtspectabJ^:.-j-.6uni;.-.raaB.v'. •¦:.¦¦¦;¦ " .; . •-.-. ; , ¦.-.
¦HOT'EL.- "S^/-' PA El* ¦ :4tJ3 ' fitiii-'atr-!?** . hdqse
' . -ahd'-new; ftifnitjure: • :«teajn. heat > .hoty wafer. ;'
- free'- b£th»;;' hcHige'vopori'. and'-jeleyator-pervlce-.
": ; ail.- wight ;•' iraf.slei»t- . M.: : fi. -GRAjNT.-: ¦Jotmi'^
' '}y at:,th^. : jyeh4p4ne:--;'llM; Al^iilcet .at...-"-;- " V- .-.-"¦
"Iib..\Y AJt'li; 640^ Large- Jroonn;' $ 1. "50. xoooiHx; xi<~.
' Vpecla.bVe .xiq -child ce^i : .' qu 1 *fc ¦¦ ¦'
LAMB6.UJVN.-E '¦'. 4^pi. ¦EadV^EIefeWtly'i'-Wrnisntf'i
'.-. 'foOOis. «ii: 9 .ult«-.a;hils;lrrkUV .i1 ? hf..a.rrd»»rtny;
•' .'a.lj; s^^'^if^tttvtW^^^W^y^siS^ - *
' Ml.S.SIQN;". ; S;i7 A^'^ur^h.ed;^
: >.'.- ; .yjyk'"-^'-.'-'Bj3Lii.th:'-'.pri<?ea.. rejiso^iibleu.'.;.- :;••:¦'.-.;•;:'.;:¦•.
: Jj^SjO>li';^^^OJ*^ih^41iW|^4?*^"'tf."Tp*?:
1 'yjatcr- ttfniiryv'-.- -:' .'-.-; yy T V-/ " ; .".-/ : *. .' i. '¦:•''¦ '/:'¦'. •':', '¦:' '¦¦;.
vOC^A.y^''i^TOrn'jsted.vf^#;^&"38*|K'S^»-
.-/prlVltt'e '.fiomeif- v; -'s";.;;!;:'-..-.-'... '•¦¦-..." :'.i'-; ":¦:'. •.¦¦*='-;¦¦'.'¦'
ffFAHftE'L-^rtie^Su'nniX^fonit^V'Wntonlsh^a:'
/.'double' : p4rlor»; .rent:' "reasotsa-bl*.; •¦;.'.: V- : - :v :"- :
POLK*. tflS^S i'4.i b; dro«m: . arid striali '• Vlteften i ;;
: '. ' feas-- WCov*,. •' bath ; ' "; h6 '• clUldrwiU; ..v'. : -.'.--*-yl'...y'':.
-RO. YA L Hbusei .- ! 126'- :E|ils^-lncahaeRcent lights.
- *>e;ad.trig-rCKUTii ' wnoking-coprfi.an4 ladlfes"' pa?---
¦;'•" UtC rooms per, night.'; 33c to U 50; week^ |2
¦•'-' tc $8:- niont]i. ; •$$ .to :$.?0:. <l?vator on ; srounj. :
. .." •fio»t;;fbctar.tWft-.-.h'(>t;.>^ : "-c>^d.-.yat.e^
S^Vi^atj^'SlS^^t^^'l'tu^W^^^Togia tor
'-.-¦.•gejtti»'n»ii; :.:•'¦'-;-.-'¦ ; y- : : : v.':::'- '.'..¦'
• SC'ifTiEK,'- -li2f>f^4 ¦.''lar«6.¦'¦^¦M^>^.IRVto :^Mt¦. : i6r.
¦¦;¦: ruifltresiy-.- ;•.';•• "¦'/•:.v ,-v; .--.:]:'.•/. '¦.•-V.'.'t'-- ~-'?>i .• ¦ ;'¦ ¦. '-¦;
i tilih'D.V'-;*.'*^^'-fvioTO? 1 ,- 25<-v- '-iCc;v7.a!c~:.a*'cj-'-l.i : .•'?*»:¦:
! '.;. ritghtf : $4.we^fc;'^cel-*iuje.ti»ba<h:;.'/v;^ .
¦..TTJRIC,: Ui^-Suhny: Xroktr : r'ojaro ; '/ faririTshe'a. : ¦' :¦ ;; ; ;- :
•CM*EB^T^OT^"IR-S3^i^*3^r^ ll^'^ i -^*fe
•¦ ". fponi.s.aScytb. >i.fll$:'h.tV.$l-75;t^*&w!'ek:-e.lec-.;
-trie 'iights: <no- gf»!)., : ranntag: water.frtvev^ry .
.'..'Vfioni-:'' t\z*k tor. r(M&*'ra6m-. 1 rjfc.btiM vbugtiiK*::
" irt. .modern' 'flat; -a.lsp :=in£l:e .rm^.:> rea«onabte.. : -
: %*A^ryE^k^va'fl^^iMt'gi^ft'y^^>j»^
• '- ¦'rfto'.nfjg-fU.Ke'' ft>r' fif.^cevfeir <;lub.- .;;-.:; y :;.';
VA'NlS'KS^ave:,T«07.5aei.a>rfrf(nt. mi\l*-i f"M);".
:a^.;Kiius>!^cp:;!S-ro>. : ma;-.caU"Rfter^^>-I6ck.^
' W BcCliE^TfcR -Ho-tilV^i' -?^t : sp.'. 'wa*- Market -^ '•
•." JTcit' con.veni«nl 4nd respVctabie;- . iC0:.rp6ms; .
' ¦•¦ :wc- to' $i ao: -hJjtKt:--.|2-''tft.;«l>«fcak£rt|«t*fprS !
' : tiec. jighrtr rifad.lrvg^FOic'ni:- free . pu'a: .batfgage/'
TVO-LF- 'iloWff, : '.2ej- Si'ith :.-^ : Electrt^; ¦ Vl^ht ¦ : In,.
• '• -every; feCkir',-130. :toy$J;"a" nlfht";:-75e -..to *3. *
- wykV ofen H ; U niK.at:rcqriyenlen.t to^ ajl e»rs. :
; A-fiSA^Cft"Sfl^*^-1?!^"^^' J '«*^^ jW **^^ :
' .'of .'aq'vertlse'nSei-.tii anflyaubscrtptJoniiyfcas^hefn.-
:. -ritenta' a», :V& -.litarket ;«."."". opposite. .Fltth-
• *• Open-, until. \i ,p< xp.\'-' '.¦'...'-•¦.'¦':'.'= ' -_ili^_li_lll_ ."
Z-S^^^6^^^^h: '''¦•¦•¦¦¦•'" ;':;ltf'
' 'tH7 .•Pltie,: near" Tayieri-eiegSTitly; furnjshed-
" i'.fcuite's: .pri.y*te..bxlW; ¦ atl ' mdatrti. cpmen.^ •
. •:le'rice'si-'f.espe1l_ent''. : table; ' -..^ :.'¦ :¦ .. .'-,-:- ¦¦-. '-. V
• : •; \: .-" ¦¦'"'¦ -. aof el" B.ALtJAioRE. . " . -¦'I ¦ ¦: •;;;¦
" iO13- VAN ¦ NESS. AVE.. NEAU .-GBAnY- ' ST. '..
' ' : •' . ¦¦¦¦¦ /-SELE^J.^Nt) jaBST --CLAgS, .' = •'"." .'.
• PHOXET PRIVATE. EXCH AN* GTf 7A«.~. ¦¦-'
•'-,¦¦ '¦• -'-'.¦ : ---: - ; - '.E : ARL'cbi.-RT;"- ... : ; :,-• -'¦ : - :-'•'. ¦ . ; '"
JOII- "PINE' S.T.— A ; "BEAUTIFUL- fiVkV$i.
HOTELlJ.VST OPENING: EVERYTmNO
-NEW- AND E.LEO ANT- APPLY • AT OSCG,
HOWARD. '84,1a— Flr>t-'cla»ybGari with :rocni',-
Wngl'e of.d"oubleiv>> .&) «rid $5..-»ftek-; Afneri-
: can;.raTr<Uy;' h6nie.-c"<Jokinsr.".h9« ne - c p mf ? i; ! t *''.
: ¦ v^ tl °' ¦¦¦¦¦' *" -'¦¦ ; -' " •• .'*'"•-•'•-. ;' '-'*•¦
A jijER-l-QS .(the). . 1 6ftl- Octavia, .near Slitt-r-r?
•'. Large '-. sunny- airy- suftf«'.-'.and- sfncle- rooms;
. '. beautiful.' Ik^n;. •s'cellent- board.;- .re'aa.- : -rates. .¦
A FCITE *6f : three lirge' .front;- rooms •• rfml
' iKithi FiiUable fcr two joins' rnep or couple;.
• tmusually fine .location.. Ba» 432a. Call. . •-
"¦PpRLX'Np..-. 24.—^NlL'ely- ¦¦furaished.. rcorii -and-
" . boarij for * rr.arriffd ". couple ¦jor'; -2 -gentlemen 1 ;.
. !¦ hmne pTlvUeges : references.' re.qul.rfd. : *'- ¦ .
¦KICE1.Y ' -furnlfihea. i front- .iroorn-;." 6nei .; or . two
' gentlemen;-' with er j wUhout ¦ Uoafd. . 140.2
'¦' Wafhtpgtbn-ft. ..-';., y/- '"•'•- .-¦'¦.. '"; -. .* »• '-'
-TliBrAtrOtIBQI»r..H»r. . -Hyde "and^California—
'..-• "PlMisarit-romsi. now-, vac^rtt :." \-4U11jj. or";»lngl"e':
" .. excejre-Tit'. bftard; ¦ .-'.-. y" ;. ~-l j ' ''-.¦' ¦ . ¦¦'¦¦
f'yrdUhed.:. *i»nny rn.omf, .teltn Vari;-
private family: terms- reasonabl?; -035 OFaf-.
.-"-¦ rell >t.-' ..• • ;•¦'¦''.''¦'.•¦¦-;" "","•*• '.- \'/--. : '-"- :.'¦;'
MISSION, '.15 J7Q^Sober -yoticg' mail . to Tbdti>an.d '
" .board; mechanU;-' preferred.-:' -.;. - ' V : -¦ : ¦ •
'.VAN '-NESS a-ve.,; llli— .Elegantly: furnished
¦ 9<uHcs. .wiin -<>atn'si-al«6.s"lngle_V.tiqH>eftke... .-
Goldfn pate aye.',. 1221— {vflce.ly!.fnrnl.t.he<| reom
with b^ard4'.rno.rlerii.convenierces;;gentFfmftC.-
Stevenson niarislon '-.S07 •CalltoFnia-^.Flne.'rooms;'
. ; new- chefs ; .cQldred . service :• table ¦ spe'daf ty.. •
.'SCS'-N.Y.Tiiom'.with b'oa'rd-. R&x- 2t:ps ; "Call orflce..
r A ijRANClT-tVffiCC for-^aK advertiF^merit* arid
. .'¦ KUbscrlrUlani .has. ijeen' ertaWlihed .*t. ; l.«W;.
¦.'. 'Valfhcl.a 'it:- .¦ ' • •¦'*.¦'.'• ¦; •'¦.'¦¦'.'¦':, ''•¦{¦¦ ¦'¦
'.'.:' niiayii :>Sw imuki)- wMTCb, .
WANXEP-^Board " *hd/ rooms for . '.'ma n: a.n<1
. : -wiff> «nd .sr^W.n. daughter.; "rJoa>dltig-:house.ot
' -hot>l --ts-rferyed:" must ; be -modern- and-'. first-."
. " tiasa^ sta-te.'fates. .«n6-x 25<tet. ¦ Call- office. ¦ .
BOABP.^Ddl •iroom.'.-.vaMcd '. tor- &.. 'gcntlejiiari:
(Arriorirari)'-. In- v watklrij»' distance of. TWrd.
*. "ami -Mar^e.t.sK-.'fto*' -p^*.- QM' ?+$¦*>' \ '.¦>
-GENTtiEMAil wishes board-a-nd'xbt>ni-.l'n'.ai.rre>
1 . ' ffn»<l.- nfJ.V'aie-. family, -A'dd'res<r.b*ix:26 : lO..-Cal); .
"• y ..:\ ¦.-.': "' Jiok>si.M-:-'\\'ANTE;n.' : . y' : '-": : "- : -?
XV VNTEl^For' aftu'lts, foiir. ur five. roorhs-' (ur»
rl.siiPtl. Tor- ".hrvu.sf keeping": north." of .Market...
3 nox-'a.7j>rj,:.'.caji oicci.;. '¦•¦: •;. 4 '. •' : '."¦ • . ,- :
'WANTErir-i*' urifuVhlsheci- nrarhs;- a'round'-H-ayer '
• ¦ •' Valley.; '-. Aodr*9».*.McN..-". : WJiT-lff a rir ave."'. .
.•" . : '¦*-• SPKqiATL". -SoflcKSiv 1 ¦.";-•." .".
1 h*aVE' bouBHt' the' eonfectJonery busrness 1 of
CHARLES- ;OUWAEt- at 00.% Lvkln. st...
San" .Francisco, Cal.-.. ana will- not b« rctpqn-
slble for any d»bt* contracted -by th* above
' :CHARLE» GUILLET. "E. 1?.. PAULSEN-. ' "
Ladies'.- 'Chlche»ter~». English pennyroyal .Pill s
- are best: >af£.- reliable; take no other'.' Send 4c
(tamos for particular?.. "Relief, for Ladles"
.' In letter by return rqalK' Ask your druggist.
Chleheater- Chemical 'Co.7. Philadelphia. Pa.'
|50 REWARD for th» body «f rrillfp Slmon-
' ettl. ' fls.heniian." drowned near ' Sduaalito.'
ONETO BROS.. 410 Bay- St.. city.- . . ...
LADIES. "ferid you address ¦ to il'29 MarVet »tl.
B. F.". valuable .Information:' room. 2..
' •• ."¦''". :'••¦¦'¦; ." •
CATARRH; DEAFNES3 and NOISES Ih EARS
positively care-d: new-methods:! we#k"a treat-
¦ K ment free. Dr. Cottlngham, '. 204 gutter et. •
* - .. PALJjSa-TRy.
MADAM DEVAS:
PALMIST AND A-RTROLOGIST. LrEBEa
BUILDING.- 13» POST-8T.
If. JEROME- FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 313
Tayfor st.. near- <>ary. Phone Black 5«1.
PUYSICIAX9 A.>D SL'IlGEONS.
D^c7"c7^b T EoNN.£LL-i-Offlc« and resldene»|
. 1021 U Market st..bet- 6th and 7th; partlcu-
' ia'r atter-UCn paltt to .diseases of wjmtn.
BLOOD,- ekln and rectal' diseases a specialty.
DR.- BALL. 1073H Market it.
KEMO-VED— DR. VV'ONO HIM. h,erd doctor,
.treats all. diseases of the- human body; for
past .four years at 119-117 Mason; now Io.
¦catcd. xl '<Bt Geary st ; . near Leavenw»rtb,
PR.TQNG-PO CHT. a.ucc*aaor to br.. LI Po *
' .Tai. hefb doctor-, cures all disease* of human
. by use -of herb* and t<^>»: 727 Washington »t.
UR. M. MAT5UDA Has returned from Orient.
¦ Now at.SE.. corner' Geary and Taylor »ts.
WONG" *Y'0O, the fjimous herb doctor^All~di»-
ease's cured by CMInew herbi. 74»^ «71ay st.
¦' . ,.."." ; " •'. TO -LEASE.' '
•FOp r*nt for one year*. -In" fh^ Montecitn Valley
ad^pinlng'-^anta' Barbara, the restdenc* of
,'" Mr; J. G: Waterman. Apply t<» Santa 'Bar-
bara Realty arvV Trust Company, or otbar
". ¦ agents at Santa .Barbara. .
ip.AVI.\G'3IACIII.\E9. A3JD SUPPLIIB^
• tiOMESTIC — The rnaehlri* ' Jor . family us«;
. '"beit'...i» cheapest':' secpnd-kand all makes at
any ...price; all kinds rented .lowest r»tr»,
;. Dj>rn?*t!c "ofHce. ,10"Jt Market, neap -Sixth.
NETV"- l!QMEii-Se«' our uew. triple-feed ma-
chine^: '.alightiy used";. '$!.£>. -".$15, $20; second-
' .'hand: ?3," Rk'fS: AiX stales; guaranteed. New
:.}lv : m* Sewing' Machine 'Co.. 1C31 Market st.
'¦: '¦¦¦¦ -: -.- STAPLES -TO-. tBT.
gTABLto'for foMr hoX 8 **. *"'* ' tw <> wagons; hay
. ¦ h5f.t{ JCwlrig cte'e 1 ; oft- Lacuna, between Po»t
• and :S3t«.er:srt».".- Apply MADISON * BURKE.
¦ 3f! M'nnt'go'riiery* »'t.-' .:"¦>. '- _i_L*II_
~~^O^AGBJ^A^D^^
•A^rEiipGRIUM Storage'^ "Vair.Co. ; furniture.
¦household ifOods f torwl.- ; moved, shipped. 72V>
7ai Howard. »t. v nr. Thtnl; phone Urant Iril.
PIERCElROnOJ-PH Storage * : .'jlov!ng C<».. of-
| fi.cw* Peat- and. PpweM-itv-, t«I.-Prlv. Ex. B7L
CONkLlN'9 storagprr-FufnltOre'Tand merchan-
..'dlse; '..- g33. Golden .Gats ave. : phone East 12ft.
GULDEN"; West Storage,:: advances made; JMl>
.MlijglQn ¦t.';yt«».-;.HrMyard 941.-: F. W. Zehfuss.
PA'CIFIG &t»riare 'and. Fulpc!tur»' Moving Com-
•"¦ .pa'n'y.:.: '¦2."{2O- Fuim^rW t*:-: -phone. Ja'ckaon 281.
BE'lvINS Van an<t •Storage Cck,'ll Montgomery
r»t.:- te>- : 7iIala'.134tX : .. 5hlpplna;. at..cut rates.
'{^v^.plJW-l^iTE^.-^A'SO'.SJIPKJBS.
AN .e"ir:e.ptlen9Jly-.goo.d : .No:'2.ReJn1ngton. No. %'
¦ :S>mlth>. • Premier. ' $2$;': .- . 6the* : typewriters* ac
- ¦-Kigher-.a.ndrlO'wetprtceS-r' re'ntihi (2 50. Th»
.•¦¦Tr^.p>.writi>r.'^<c : hkag'ev; ; 8^. ; fcs^lforwla at.
A Ffi>V"-good typewrt.ter!i..ai- $a6 ea'eb:"* get "par-
tlcu4ar> *f..t» '4 M, ALEXANDER, :110 Mont-
-: .it!r>fes»'y,'.iit.-.'.;--.;'.. : ;.-;-..v-; . -'v "...'-•'.' •. • • •
ir^riAND. typy Writers i -«old; reritad". 1 repaired.
.Ay»bster.TYpew.rUer Initpec. .C6.-.-JM»''Marlnt.
.':'.;';:V:'l.):/|'. : 'iVjlVipi4X ; b.';'.Bj6Tlcfek.'-.'- "¦ ~ ,
biytpENp. :nptiup-^Tbe. Giint" Powder Com-
.•¦¦•piihy- .•.iC'oh".-.)- i ?A'\.dlyi.tJemii NoV. '«3 ; . of .fifty
¦ ¦ ;: ce(it-s-. (5(K-J -per -.Jhve on.'.the'' issued capitel
¦v sttitk. : .b.f .tbtrcarhpany .has been' acclared, pa> -
-'. -«UJb.- at t-htt pfftce-of the-.eom-pany. rooms 3>2,
;..v20*;-ajnd;';20«' 'H'a'yward. .building: j'San Frun-
'. ci*ep,- '.on JUa'rch: .lO.-"- 1JKH..- -.Transfer. b<»k-«
. cleser. ila>ch -3i 1UO4,, it -noon.; -." C. ::c.' QUINX.
.- MtiCT^ircry!.{\ V,--:.' 1 ' '¦:¦:-'¦; j ;:?:..<¦¦¦ -^ ~ ¦' •'-' -^ -i-
SAN -.FitiXfiCtpeQ and SuburCan. Home Build-
¦ 'in';?'- coci»t>v'- 5th":. tiqoti: Mutual' S»vlng9 Ban<
. tufldifig". -. '7CS- -itark:8t .'.st.l. -. »p'pb»ite Third—
.'-' for. -the talf :yeja:r''efn<flrtg of .December.
¦ -vlSlS,.-- -a 1 . " : tffvtb>nd-. ha* -b«en .declared at th«
y-':p«a- T*«r : afrn'am-. ;cf: "O2)';.twely«; p»t-"c«nt oa
".-¦: ««-pital -«tocj< '-.a.rid-.'partffipittrf*- ce'rtlflcatf*.
'. Jfee. <sf -ta^e.S;.'. pa>'sbl«-on' arid after SATL'R.
. h-AY.':. Jahuaj-y ;2i:-i9flCf: "JQSfiPH;Al .LEO.v-
.* ..A.Rp: -. -3>f jnaaen .' -H-t?OH -CRAIQ- gecretary.
t//if. EN^NEtn. Office... Fl6od..'Buitding. Saa
.•'FTiliulstic^ "j.'aJ:.;--JaYi»- : VS.' '.190-i.' — iSealad pro;
¦';. •'po'snls for".d.jrccigtnK.'in,-S)in -'JPablo Bay, tra'..
-¦-.• wfit iirUji 13,' noon. March Z.
- liMrt.-.-. Inf6rrr.a.tior».on-'apj>lioatfon*
- . . -- . -^ iiECiCR. Lieut. Col. Efnglneers
yi'V'l^i^tt;* ti ; \. : AJVP':'._ : •b'P^meri vuT .
i SlfcLpMtrRNjB' Sch'obli.Van Nes'a-MarJcftt — Cur»
" in rvery. r-rtse':. .in'rltvidual teaching: no naedi-
•'. .'cina.' l.Kjuirjf ifitij wi ntierful cures: home cur*.
-y'i'he .following- rriarriige' license* werf
yesterday-:.". '¦-'¦'•"¦¦. ;'¦';[.'¦ '.'¦ :..:"_ ".'-"*.* : ¦"¦
. ..William -.S^rden^aV^O.".-. Portland, Or., and
C4teriha ratelji. 20,-no -Grcep 8tree.t»
.-y'Schat ¦Qeg¥*£ S(\.-Freansr.-.and Maude Fra-
:Eer, 'T.i; .Frp?noV '*'."• "• ¦: '.- •"••". • ••"
." "Ralph' -w.:. Il4rr,-'S4'. city. and-Hirda-M. Bax-
Jery 21. 1T2TS" CaUfcVniaystrset. ' •'
, *'loydVJ.. Rlppey. JCJ. 114.H gutter street, and
R/>Ki<>. '.llaV.f iV.<jnn... 17, 1U37 Howard,'. ' .
»>, ' Oakland, . arrd Allca
Bean,- 2i!.'. Oakland,'. .•'."¦ ;¦"• " . .
¦•''Alesainr '.- Raiharclo.ttl, '$J. ioJ» <:ia,y street,
ind Jia j-'la- POole* tl; 27-. 221 Broadway. >...-,'
•yWiliiam.T:" Elchjer." 2»j; '.Ty -.Sanchez atreet.
and Lulu A\ Sfsfipeon, 1*», "232 : Ranches "street.
." ; Ernesitci .' ifc-ttramo,. .'{7,- ."39rt CfFarrell »tr*cf.
*fifi Luigia'lSa'.va.- 24;'"-7H>-.'Gce"eh. : -
: "G»orBe L\ -Seyey,- 3«. 130 Castro street, and '
Niffllle Cttrenithgs, 2«^' 215. Austin .avenue.
Mafcca CHarboya. 2S-.. : l'iM> Powell street, ajid
LpJ» Kefrexa, -24.: 1502- Powell.- "•.'.
'".j'ohm-' ¦¦JJey6T»;-."VS, -West Berkeley, and Lottia
¦GjUtspie/. .15, -1.5'; Churi.-h;.'iivenuai
¦ . Arne' "C tlg^cn.: 27, -<-Tt Jennie street.- and
Gertie --IV W*l.den;: 3a. 4 ; "U Jenie street.
.••Thoraasi "pafconei. 22-.- FTesno;- and Mary /.•
-JtuggieroV II, "t>'.\'ulcan La.ne; -
'. -'GluiFenpe Bertirottl. 21>; ' ."VJ5". Union street,
and. Jl«ria'B»r6rtt, li», '."ns L'riten' street.
" Wiarl'es- C. Hatfleld. 22 211*\ Howanl street,
and .Claire Staley,. is.' Z119 Howard street.
: ;:EIRfBS^MARBIAGES^i)£Am
. .Birth; "niarrtage 'and. death notices sent br
mail- wilt not- ba Ihaerted. .They, must be handrd
tn at' either of the publication*- offices and b«
-.l-ndortr'd with- thf.nanie- and residence of . per- *
.•tons 'authorized' to; hav« th« iam« pub!i5h»d.
Notice* restricted Atrnply forth* »nnouncerr.*T;
o.f'th«' event aro published, once In thla colurr>-»
AHLBORN^In this.. city.. February. 2t», 13t>l,
"••.to the- w'fe 9'. A., n. Ahlborn; <i son.
FRIEDMAN— In vtfiia -c\ly. February 28. 19O4.
. to (he wife of Samuel Friedman, a son.
RO.SESiSERG^Irr this city, to th» wife of Jo«
¦¦ Ro9enl}erg; twln>^-a»on and a daughter.
4lIEA^-In:tKl« city". February 23. UXH, to th«
:w»f.»6f.D, W. Shea, a son. '.:. ! " .
SMlfli— Jn ihis ciO". February 2S. 1004. to
the. wife of John J. Smith, "a, son.
V . ... MARRIED. /..'¦•
BR05v"N^-.OESIMONlE-7-Fei>ruary 27. 1904. by
• ' the Rev. William- C. .Pond. Everett A. Brown
of Oakl'nnd:' and. Jennie '.M. Desimone of thla
!'¦ ctt"y:. ; ¦ . ':-. '" •.•.'•
kEVWFONVt)E -*:iNT0N_ February 23, -10CM,
' bj'.'-tbe-Rev. ' VY. C Pond. .D'.D.." James W.
'• '.-Keyntoni JK' arid. Effle- M'. ' i\« Wlnton. both
"of this city.' ¦' -.•...•-" -;•.
la The Dalles.
• -Orfe..-tie>erober 1». 1JHKJ. X. B. Rlchardsica
•and" Alice E.- Collln>, 'law of. Sin Francisco.
•-. daiagh\f.r. o'f.'Gjporg« : \V.'. and Sophia. E. CoU
J.iw." .;-;.,' : ¦ .-. '¦*'¦ - :; '. ,"- ' •
KCSSi-MiLL-ER'^In' Pan, ' Rjafaef, Cal.. Se;~
! " tembVr.2O.".19<n; "by. theR«v.-J)r. Hall.. Rob.
¦-¦•'e«'t-B. R6«s : aod "Blajiche Miller, both of this
. NeJtV;. : - • ¦' -j-c : ..- '.:., y-.' •" ; '. ,- •
TAYLOR— SILVEB—Tn : thls ,*city.-.'at. 13401,
' . -Uowa*<4--£treer,'. Fepr.i*r7.--27. .1»04. by th»
-Rey." Df.-:J6hn..A\. B, .YVIl!y?n. John* Walter
." ..Taylcf «nd -glairy £>«vls *'|lv«r, both of San
¦ -Fra"'nc1».tt».*' -.". '¦ ¦ •' .-.',/. . •
:'.;:•}> -'.'/a- DiEi>. . ;;.:"
¦¦¦:B«cou»; Richard -l>. ' -Kellv-. FnancJa C."
..••Cnsrxfl.-. Harry "&-: ; Kettle. .M'urv .- >
¦ " Cranfbrd". Mary A. ¦ -McDonald. Murdock'
¦ IMirnmand. JCos.MI:" -. HcLaugiilla. Bfidget
. .FannlWv' John '"••'- Mld.ireton^ Abofe
.-• Ferrer.' Rafati L. .-•'¦.. Moore. Wwllntey Z.
•.Frederlcksoh. €.'. ¦ . Morr'o*"..' Georga P.
¦ 'Friedman..' Infant'-'. Mul'r. Frances
!Furgl«Jn. . James. . •' . Peterson,. AnnMte
Oartick.'-Fannle' " .-. . -ScVlven. Richard
"-.Hakest" 'MT».- Holmes Hhep»rd, .Mary Ann »
-Hughe's.- Kljaibeth . Mornin. .-Aleaandr*
Jones. Arthur W. ' : Whi»ehurst. Jaa. J,
Kelly.' Katie' M. .. . Young.. J«rem« E.
BACCV&rln tW» city. February 29. 1904.
Richard D.; dearly beloved son' of Charles
j arid Maud M. Baccua. a.natlvs of San
Krancljco. Cal.. aged 3 years. « month* and
" 11 day». . ' ; •
CHAXEL-r-In thl» ctty. February 29. 10O4.
'•"• Harry B. Cbasel,. beloved Infant child of
F. A. and Gu«sle Chaxe!. and grandson of
Mr 'and Mrs. M. A. Samuel, a native of San
Francisco". Cal- aged I year and JO daya.
! ' ' MON3GVTO LOA>. =
-AAA-^-lIi:KMAN MURPHT, •' .:; '
• .: .. eoi.-tiUU-OCW Examirier .Building.
. Qtilok settlements; no dlrappoirttment.*. .-
. • ' Save expenses by pealing directly.
• Estates, Vecond mortgages, . undivided Ihter-
• ests, assignrrjer.ts of" rents, property in truati
etc. ; '.legacies. il£e. estates and unaivlded In--
•erects' In' property'purchaSed. • .- ". .'
.jCourtedps. -treatment." • • Strictly .conflde^tlal.
- ' '. Wheh 'Ycu Need Money. ¦•
' i Seat HERMAN" MURP.HY.. - .. • ..»' . ' .
7- • '" WILL -LOAN •"'¦ ": ' ." .. -•'••;
. . '.A -reasonable amount- on-- ¦"¦*;.'
¦ -.;.'- ¦-'-'.: 1st, ;24 or 3d' .' ¦-'"..' ¦ •
'..•' ¦-. Mortgage,- on reaj estate' or" ;;¦'.
.: -Chattels, rn c'lty,.towa- ..".
¦¦'¦'' " .".'¦¦ •' ...-or" country. • .- - ". '• .. °.
- ; . '; •••¦ •-.. Low-rate .of Interest. . . ¦' /- /
-¦• • • '. : ..Give full particulars' • .- • • • .--•
•',- .. " ;. - : -.'. > ef : property '-or" chattels. ' ' ¦ •
-. : ' • ¦¦•'. . Location, etc. y •'."•
.".. '.' '¦••.'- -Box 40!»,; Call offlge. . : '..'.".
A-N-y:. a-riToiint.-. qij'ckly. "on-" furniture -.or "p'l'sirio,'.
¦ wltoour. .rprrtrival"er-(5ther security; no com.;"
-•' fa-irttt < rates; strlrtly conndenrlai: • Natfonat:
' .'fr edft .Cc;.-.'-«W -Donbhoe bldg.. ,117Q -Market .st.
.JHOK.EY : "lfJflnPd to 'Balaried. people,' retail mer-
; chanti. -teainFfe.ps,. rioardink-lio'us'e.s.. without.
¦ security :-'-'eS-?y- paytnrnts; larg* -business JB 1
. ' 4g-pFln'ci^al cllies.-Tblnian.- te3"Parrott .bldg.-
JIIGlI'LY 'rejpeciable. prtvafe' place, to. oijtafh'
¦ --liberal ad\a-nc>s.oa 'Jiamun.ds', -Jewelry. ' at '2
' per -cent, interest.- '-• Baldwin Jewelry. Store,:
..•.S'ljS'MarKy.U .te^-Mrltn 1J144'. .Pranch.l^.Thlrd-
A'-ifT c«"fit-on fWhUur'e'op pran'o;-r.o fcrtioy-,
•j.4.'fi.i>:c:(immlsslitn.:no'.pU.blicity:42f> ur: quick;.
¦ •¦¦private, confidential.; 20 Montgomery,- rm.-.T-.'
¦ M.-- J A fOBSON ft"C.9.--.ftn'am'lal- bwk«ri,' ; ftmttsa :
¦. Fprerkels >bldg.:- rri^ loans Srid airnttier--
. ;.fTp*no;?>l' : -inatterB rvftotlated: cqn-ndeni.tlal.. :..¦';
ilONRY- toiloan' on" lcrtv';lnterest:.'*;'jl.di ; silver.. .
•diamonds,.' poafls 'ah'd .precipus'stbnes :be.ught
. -ijt \\'. J/.HESTHA'LJS.IO Sixth. >t,'-' ¦' ;•;;.- -.
ilUNlClPAXi' LOAN- OFFICE". .idV^Jraivt avei.
; ;. '•-• ' ¦ ¦ -tfiAXS FUOM -$1'. TO tlO.OOO:.- :. ; '¦ ...
NEW- easy, melhofi — To -wage-'ea'rh<!rj «h unln-'
-.doT>'e : il ncte.ji; a>sblufe. prlvaej-. Fid»lity..-Loaa
.-•Compaij-y..-.room8.- 48-4!) t -'Chronlcl.e;-bldg. •¦:'.-•'
yo'-BaJarie.H ypeopl*-' without- secufHyf on furnii-;
-' tufe, tnJbreed'-'notes ajjd other .security. "S. .P.
i :''"Dlsc<JUn{ ••Ag'ent>'.. •Hffr.'Ph.clarr "bldgr..; :•¦¦ •••.••,-
AT?. -foji-esti-rater oh. furniture and ! p4an'o?: «trieV
'• ' privacy;- -no c6mn-iSsi.bn:lnstallme : n : ta accepted.
-.'¦• BQXELLI...S01. JRd'dj-. Conse.rvatory .bull J In .g.- :
AtJj lc^rs i >in ; dlam(ifii*!' and Jewelry. 2 pec-ceni'
''tub.'- 'S.'.F. CoHa,teral- Loan Bank-,-.63S. Kearny^..
: '?%bs furnfttirn '&. -piano's ;'$1 5 up'.;' .nft removal;-
• -. no; febm. ' •'-.y.. TREM AIX.- voom..8.1. . 8 |t>
.1 PER-.'cent.'en ; furhttu<e-dr piano!' 1003'itiitual
.- ; TBtt'vfagi -ganlc' . .troltding.; :.7O8 Matk-e.tyst/ ; :.;-^.
STA.-R "Lcati.- Co: v loif : . vit'yoirilnK' .loans' moriey <o'
¦ .ysalari.ed .*<mHioy*S. .R.--?.ll,'.itutua'l : SaV-..Iik:bld.:
'GASif lc'aj&ed : fAjarCed- r«opie.6h'.iiQ.{es : .-without .
, '/mdorser..-. rSl-ORKLL: .C0{> EsanilneripuHdi'ng;
.-/^' Vy V?!i|U'XbV.'/WA-yr.BP;:.' y'-;Y\ 'i- .
¦.WANTtETbr-pParfy -¦.'w.iUi'_' capital; "to ¦'.'. iriVeist ': ljrf-
y. manufacturing'.' • fopd -.busfness ;-'.¦•!. .btB;'.-prpfltst-.
-.-'bualnvas^in^'Feaslns^ao't^pMi^'th^t.'r^arA'^pjS'.
¦•- "ia'f .requrr>ed.t:>A.'-.'R-. • Ccrufspn • Co.; .'"Pet^lUipaL-.
¦\\ : ANTJi;DT-.y ; 17o0r tinrpropf rty In :prpbat«'c.outt:,:
: ,'• v^U j. : - soph te ''sprtie-d ;. >ta te'- rate'.. pj 'Interest
:.\wanttd" : ' 'p.6.x;;256B'.- .Call. 6f flee.. •..'- ¦ : '•.•'.'.¦;."
•WA 5f T-Iib^; A. . ia'ari- bC$22.VV' on a':fru U">a'rt«3i : :
-. of- 4tv across ¦¦•¦»¦ e'M- lra."prov'ed' : a'ijJ.' Ip" •t$M "bea<>
-." 4ilg.;" namg -.fate -fof : ln'te'rest; . .¦B«.x.'25S7,' fi^h
t\rAN i rED— %Si)C>0 -'ion good- •^vallej0'-'!ind';.''^H-
,' -fiay •><.pti'"c»nt "-inaTJesti'rsifcTurity^gdod.. "Box.
.-' -STl "..Calt 6/ftce. -. ;. •'.--.'. : ./_•; ;• ;, ,:• '.•.'.•• '-
¦-.'¦ ' aijrf's'V wilt" pay" T.'iV.ppr.'.cjeni:. -IIq-x .2yL** s .Cfcll.-
.•,:'•'! '. ; M-tJ^^A^;<^^RTCttgWT^r^;:r;
¦ A:4ClNl!iiit;L,iCC'illtt.N Ot' I'i-AN.y- BAKliAl>.-i.
:. ¦ ." • ~. ' •.-' " ..ALL'UPRI&HTS,- .".'• ' ". ' .'• •¦. . .-
•¦ChlckfriBg-^ "walnut ' case-.';.. n*ft.r;y-;iiew. : .-''
. .erefnway', about. *; -j^ar-old.. ..,.' ."'- . : .:.
' .'KnaBe-'-' WAlniit; 'Cxset* fln«sst..-largest:"*.l«.e;-'
'": • pearly -'iiew. '.'}¦'¦ ¦¦""-" '-' : : -. " ¦*. .' . -¦..:¦'¦ '.'¦¦¦
¦¦ ; 'St?jn'wayV r>* r e«rt'.sfze':'- One ,coo'dit-loa., :-' ••••":
" -'6{erlin.s:'.tna'h'05any...case:;.":'lar6est »f»o r ' ;.-.•.-
¦ £tai»da'rd.-: nak' case';, ecsd: ;bs new. ¦'..., ...'• ;¦ ", '
'-.-'Haihes • Bcothers"..; .the - -]gen.uin.»; 'mahejeanr.
.'- -case; - Bieftrly. 'new.'' ' .'* . '- : • .-'• .'• '.:.¦¦.¦
" Stetk; .l.ars*6t- siie. '-.V ¦:.'>¦¦¦"¦'*. :, : ;-:-'.- .
."- Steck; -rocdluni 'site.: .mabojfany -case'; rncarly
•.:..•.' 'new.' •¦ "•_•¦•¦'.•'••.•...... ..-.'; .•¦.•¦¦•. ;•'•.; ' '¦
•'.'.¦¦Two-ISeti-mahns: .good- -.coriditlon. < ¦'• _ .-' /• / •¦
¦ ¦' 3ttt>k 'grand - piano; gQqtJ.as 'new,. - '¦•'":' ' .•
¦•'-¦Btelnway KTapd.'pJa-no>..'tn .good order. '•:-."•"•¦•
V - • '. PRICES' F.ROM -.flSSlyOP:'.- ; '!
-"'.•' -••'.'.;. SQOA.R5E. PIANOS,... ' .' •' - .':. ¦
¦"' Jticinding" yirfh.-rfjalie.B" .v» W'ebei-1 'Stetnway.-
. t Halnes .KrhnJeh. Sz J3a^ti and' ot>i»rs^ I from'
:f\0 VJ>' ¦'¦"¦':'¦ ¦ BfcNJ.-.CURTAZ &"• SON, • •'
' -.- I"--."-.'; ' . ."::•¦.•." • Chlnkcr : ing.'-Asent'ii.."
'.-¦'¦-• CurtHC niilWihi: 10 O'farreli. «tl. ' .'
¦ :-. tlpEja" SA'T.UR-p.VY. -EVEN tNGS. ' • . ':¦<' .
A •'C'LEAKANg'E 'upright ' piariOB.-fr'orn"
•|5p. u'pi'.sreate^t bargalu'a «ver Offered in 8an
• .KcrjHcifeto;-,«ll. ;siakes. ..We rent, : upright :
¦ -.priiiios inr', $2 'per • hvoijth;-' nfe.w- at $8 per-
y-'.m'bntfi; 'all mcrtey.' paid applies/ ori--pur'chase;'
• ;»e1ne P.i.ino'Co., 2.T5-:*J7- Deary etu Oskrand'
.¦.a'ilresB..12ri2 Broadwajf. ", • '¦.¦'' ; ; ...'y-".
• .OXLY- p'lino ho'use'i'n: 'thjj city, "that" KH4.''r'tnt'..
.-¦ you-a/new- piano fiJr-$3 per inotith'.and.-alibw
•=••6 months'. rcivt' : :«nd • cartage -,pCf '>iircha«i*i
. vpTic«;..i6Le agents .for McPhalU -SchlHv
.-. o^ier.-'rt.aVe's.' -SCOTT-OU^TAZ. -SeO^Hayej.
"A- FE^y.-unredeemecl .storage pianos-' (aisa'furni-"
¦ -.' tyfe) will br sold- to pay storage'cjlrt- ''cheat." '
¦ •'.IVHITEHEAps Vtora^e 'lgiO'Mar.ket >tj .';,; . ' '
¦ CHEA^'-'squaris. ah^l '-upright pianos 1 new. arid:-,
• -.¦.rtcon'd-h'.a-ftd:' organs.!- 'very -easy, .payments. •
Jt'Qi'} Market st.," -kecond floor, "..'¦¦ :¦.:}¦'. : '.' '.'¦•:¦
IK .'you .want bargains .vprne now: air
/jrndfet Bjven awayj. "Jlornung, 210 'MeAliiiiter.'
N-EW " pranrts sola': '6n $5.' monthly • p^ymeiita.-
It iOB.'i gCHMTift; & CO!. 10 McAJJlstor 'st. V ¦ .}
. A FlifCHKH vprlght'piano for- kale,' good'. ¦»
• tieW; $1S6. -' }T37 fl'eary «t. ' ;¦'. .:; . i.--: "\ - ;
BE;AUTfFU'L 8-pedaI'" Steinway 'Tiprighlt plahct;
Rfrf-ect.6rdpr; sacrlflce.-Keefra'i.2y.5jQ'F»rteilv;
£O')rtlER.. B.yron -Ma.uiy pianos;: Geollian- pl'a-nb'
•plajeV, BYP.ON'atAU7Y. HOji^ig '-Post;*!;- y
\~9FfJfi ES AXn-'sTOUHSyTU MC'lL.
VNFl'RNi.SUEU '.rooms and. o'tAcea to Tent.'
'Ain.iy- MO Geary Bt.. Ofp." City of.Pafls;. •
'• -." •¦•': ' I*I2liS0-\ALs7^ '.\- : .' m '¦'¦';. ; •'
Ai.SUIT.a- to -order at: $1. weekly. - \Vc ¦ tiivo.
contracts* with., leading., houses- to ¦ take ¦ all-
• -their itijort ends, railed remnants.- AVe.j'nake'
• . .j'.iu . a' fine suit on installments cheaper" than'
otters. -db TQr.cLsh. .. LK0>' LEMOb 1 ; m'erdi'ant
ra-llor,. ri27 Mar.kef pt..-.beV i: -7th- arid 8th. :
•GRADUaT'ES of New: York £chot,\ tit Masaatfe
.('steop«thv; vapo'r." and dectrio .'baths; ' face-
• v.fbfatlnK machine for rheumatfsm; genuine-
I tjjbi.."hot an>J c'olcf 'wate;> traineij. nuWcs :aa
! attendant?."- P'nof : 'and Mrs. Myrris.-.'UHI Qeary;
T^rE'S-tar Hair Reniedy restores gray: hair, Im^
• proves 4t.s. grow. i:. stops falllrig.-cuTifs' dandruff
abi itfhing scaiK" 1 , no •stela or stiOklness; r
clc.ante's-Voalpiaf.druiggiats'. hsirrlre^sers" :" ac~.
"• V<?pi no-mibsritutf. -Star Reniedy "Ct>"; laaSPoJk
i. i .• —^^ — . ¦ — -• — » {, — '"'..'¦¦'-'
1. HAVE", nurohasf-d the biislnces enttdu'eted -at"
-'il>» ill&yes. yt.,, known, as- .. . the ", K'eni-u'cky
(.'andy -Ivitclieii, ..a:>d .v.lll ivoi'liS •t--.P«>>onslb!o.
'.for any'.'lfeWs contracted by .said firm. .JOHN*
. • " ' . -.- • . .- ; :
. Ca.rj.*eroii3 lumps, • 5orea. impure' feiofad- (affect-
. -in* tftin, mouth,, bonrs. etc. 5i.. speedily .cured
bj-'RkiKrul *pecfcl(i*< from Kilro.pe. Apply Ceri--
• p.tra< Phafnacy; -ol-Gr*nt a'v«:;- \v<.rsi,-eu.rc.d-
l£ -ELLA BARRIS. the «kln'«peetajtsv¥bows
: thp woVk friai it die ImpOrta-nt Item to pertoha
rfntemi^atin'tf fqi'inl- treatment "78.1, 0'F.arreJi/
bwCNKKNNEPa. ."rnorphinc n-rvri «l'r : deu'jr di?- :
-'ps*e«- positively ijirei by WIIJow .fcaxk : - Go.';-.-
. i;<7.'t \>'all»r; fonsultntion n-e.e.; .<?afl or write.'
ft.AIll grawn rniy. • rrctore'd : pimples' wri.nkloii,.
: :ill bfeDisru'SL romrrvod: rjia o irir>'j6lt>s )""p'eclaltv.
.MME. TiOt-ME;" 251 Post, jmrtor* !;i'ind ; lV
• LtQUOB habi't rlir.efl,: we guarantee-a "fi-irt'ln?
' ; ilny*-«^r -po oharitPs. Acme,. Lldjjejr'- Cure' Co.,'
¦ fiht Market Ft:. ;room 2OJ5. .• :. • . : ." ; : .%_>,-••
' AT" l«s -Jlran cost: nnralled for i-uHfl-..- ovefcrwiis
..and troi;prrf!-at rjJAHLES-LYdXB'.'.L'bncl-brr
.•TalloV. 721. Market tt. ¦ -V ¦..'¦'•:. ..":.. ..-..-•..•-
BANCING Ti4e S a«>-. ThurJ-dB-y.. 8a.turd«y;.>8j[inr'
day evvf.. Teutbnia Mali. ..!lx>ward- st.".. n'eitr
iOlb: Prof.-_ Fobier;" soclfty-dang-lrig .taajfht;:...-
J.. .XV. SPARROW.;' *Jow.*lc"c, -fottVierly of. 1CT.
• .prafy.st.j' hq?" naoved tV 213'Post. at:'- ". . ; '? !
SI Wii.L <-nr» in.flamrnatory -rbeumatrsm -and-
" cbut.' HfiS Folioro-it. ' •¦-.;.'.•'. . -,• '•¦¦-... ¦
Actir.a'restore's lost eyeSlgbt:cure ; s deafness arid
. rata.rr>;. A'VIDA X.O., 0S21 ; 19(h, hr-Valencla.'
Mil?:. Eaitn. electric needle speclaHst/SfJO^ut- }
""tN*. & COf). Miss Eaton. 233 Gesrry,- -roorn..'3S, ;
Bon MarcJ.a J*arirs Co.: special ?5'prWs Xn flfH"
"der. Rty>mfc 14.&.10. 40 Ellf*. Tel. Drumm 44."
MASQUERADE costume*, .-play : booksV ' wigs";-
¦country orde;«« GOLDSTEIN & CO.. TXt Mkt.
•SUPERFM-'OUH hafr- & moles 'rerjnbv«d byelec-.
trie needle Dr. and Mr*. .Trave'rs, jlJQ-.M-kt.
TAILOR-MADE Jiu-It $7 60;' dress jjanfa H-lfi:'.
• "MUfit CIctMng 'Parlor, cor. Bush andDunont.
•ALKRI'UiUM'S Es>'pti>in Henna restores' -gray. "
bnlr to it-a natur-aJ color.- $4: at alj d'rui;glj)ts'..
A BRANCH ofnre of The CplI for the' reception
¦of advertiscriipnts and subscriptions -has been,
opened' at IMS' Market' st..' qppoMt»» Fifth •-'
Onen tinilt )l t>. mu '¦ '.*'•• •'¦¦¦''¦>'.'<¦'¦ ¦
ROOMS • papered. $1 up; tinting. ''¦'-- painting..
Martnfann Pa-lnt'Co.-, 310 Third; tel- Main .413. ,
.HOUSES JO I-.ET~irJURXlSHEP>" j
A SPLENDID location: 10 roams-;' r.'cely fur-;
JPlBhed? bargain, -1J55 .Octavia- st.'.cor_Sutt«;.r.-
., HOL'fci: of U furhii>hcd~riwms: chiclCca y^rd. .
vU<3'i'.irhore. near. .Pas e:. rent (15. ." 1
IltitSLlS rthX'lSHKp—KOK 'SALE, ¦
$6TjO; MUST- *ell -to-day; -parties g'oin^ away;:
.. ;F-ro6nr.ed .bcusc; new .fu-rni;ure. •" 10OJ) Sut--
• ttf-st.- - ¦..'. ' -. • • ; ' " -•" ' ".:• --. . ¦
: L ¦ '¦¦'¦¦' ix y i-;>i'>i i:Si's. ¦" .;¦¦'. .''•'.. .-
At- - : -.'": -SleCP crEVT '¦':'.'
.On inveiimeritE-.of-flcO iyid .upu;ard:..'ncf "ir-etV;
-. ¦ rich'quick" s-w'indJc.'ar' .ga-mbiing Bchetne, but j
a' rep.utsble buFinerss -cVtab '.3 : years in S.iF.'
'GERM AN! A . I.N:VESt.. rO.; . &27 Market .st.. •
. BbNDS. StCCKfi AND MORTGAQli?- ' •
• ¦ AH. i$ividen<J--paylTiE- see'V-iUes -for sale.. v . '
• C-RUMAXIA -TN-VKSTrr);..;*;? ,MarV>t «t. .*'¦„.
:;.' ; ; :¦£', ' ¦•-IjOS.'r'' : AX«;l KOUXtj-:' V - • V '•
i/'S-T^-A paEs' bfiok'; with, i be- . Hi-bet n fa- 'ijav Ings
• and iw.-.i'.i Society- -of- San. Krancreco. 4a trje
nan-.e or fto.«k. SiriVEN", ..No..ai:4;407..' -The
¦-.'.fl'jider 'wrir .pje'sse. T>etu'ro : tobarik.". -'. . .. ' . ¦ -.
$.16i> RE>yAUl>— L-.TSt;.' Thuridai-..'- laflies' .g.o!d.
. 'n3'<irrit»»d purfe,- contafnihg bar-pin with .seven .
"diahipr.ds; also a peari pin.".' 'Iteturu- to-'-iT.
.- Firn'sft^. ' - : ¦ "•• ;. ¦¦.¦ •;%; ,;•••. ' -j'-.". : ¦-;:.;,;
Wd-RErWARDiLost/; in the • .vtcihify of Lllcf--
-AlilstttP and.. North -.WlJktd. sts.; -a" uolltalre
'¦¦.•llaniV-.rd'-piniltcturn.tT) 22G. 'North! Willard st, ,
. L*J»>T— .tiolO ¦'. f t A». .' Huq'da>y ' afternoon.- 4.t ' Spre-.-lt- -.
'.els-Lnke, -Qrtlde-n'Ga-te Parki-revarfl'.- Return'
• -to-VICMAEIx. KSPOSITii ¦"• 300 .Pennsylvania;
• IjOST— An-oaFsmah'fir?e.dal.' -aUacJiedittJ-. wateii
¦- ribbon. : on !.!?rliet.et.' neai'-Ffrst.- Return to
. i^'.Mi^slon'M. ;. reward. ¦'•"• •; •¦."¦; •.•'¦...;'•.:
l^bisT.' ¦Cuaday niEiit'.'on'-Sju'tter' et;." be^>. Hyd;« •'
.. . arid.' -Powe!.f« 'black' ..feathe'r.-boa,' ...Bfturn . to ¦
."¦'J.Vl Po«i : st..;. reward'.-'--'.-' ' -". '¦¦;¦:' .. ..-;: •¦"..' '.'¦ \ •
L'OSt 1 .-- An- lrrltia!e.(i-.m'uffl?r:'.'valJ2ed a^ .Iceep'^
; ¦; -r ake.. If rftturnod.fo- 2«J<> Fagest.. [ -.. '•
TiOsfViyh'tle ;'buiia(>t': .'.cars ;.c : !i{ipi"d'. -V: W.'
i'Earl .«;n.-'c61lar;!rew'ar.d. >ii21 ; : Laguna-Bt.' :'-
: GR.EAT.: Dane " : dc^/ figbt .hriiidle- CCThir-;/ Kind'-
¦'¦ : ft-6i.*sTe":. reward." .^Sl^Tfejiihyst'. '•.*.;!:¦ '.-''.'¦¦¦
iipST^Foy. tcwlelt ' a'og.-'puv ; child's, pet./ -1^05
; .-ElTis .'et.-; ¦ tihhv a.l ' re'wjtrd-,.- -^'-'Vy--.-.' .;;'¦.'¦.: -•_?¦"
LPSt^A.pasttbcilt' w-/th"ih-e. tTi.b^rriia 'gayfnxs.
¦ • ai>d ,-LoSJi * Sooi*t>v. of- San -Fi.aSci»cp"ln ' t.lie
' '.'hanrf- 'CT .M;\ItGAR-EtvA'v .CpXN v .ELt.Y» i^y-
• '"'iW'-.l-IJl,: Th.*. finder- wilj .p'le'a?«< return • t&.
. : t.arit> -; : r -\- • • "V'".''- : :r-' ; " 1 :¦-- v-- ; y--: ~;
l^OPf^rJia.mbmi irtng: at
¦'-•.Kiiu.rn.-tii M IS S'^l./g.- . . O. Fk^yel T; .r^'w^rtiL ¦ .
• tQST^A.T*iafaoi»a ¦.Tlnfe^a^T^n iriday^'. .It'.
. .was tn:«t^d- in a boy's . care : - and A>"iil avoia:
¦;-.".:t"roab"l* : - : *ti'd; 'a.- n.be,Tai;->:*war.<1, :¦/ n«u-rri.=- t.ov
".' .^ i SeCond : -.'ave.v-.R\clj*raLvna;',l?tst-rii!.t. .; .-. •¦-;
.LOST— P.eiri -rneckiare: infl ; -p^af'l.:i4c.ket-."V;{Ui.-.
'•;. diamond centeV.;- Su+tVy'ifearpjr-br.. Geary .-sr;;;
¦'.¦¦titl'tier •KiIl'rece>ve.£iV^'rtt.T»|Fj^--l6y;il^r*u|ij^
;¦¦ .'-. lng.'.'tarbe :X'C : , S*iy a'rivJ-- SS; F-trsC/Bty.--'. ¦"..-.' .- - '., .:•¦¦.:.•'¦ >
' '¦ - -fl UV '(Jr j-« ih w 3 cii J 6t : ..r i-ryard; ;-;,..' .:'•.*'.•.¦•".;'-. /;. ¦¦ ¦-.
FOrXI^Dep.. >3V -a ..li^.y'*-- p.ujse '.'¦cbiuajning > 3 .
: ;'- : wattles'- a;n^ ':j 3.-'y Irni'diTg" 'jl-SOCt Va r^3hnei '^s't:; . ¦
•¦^.EiI i £.ST\'a«a':b!«st''iii'-'*.nie*'l'ca--^T^.e.'.'We«k"Iy
.:''Cal!^. l« : .pa«rs»^ rtrtH 'to-. any.;.a4ai;e>s . In . thft
:'..; yjiite^ B'Jat^s.-or. Cariaaa : jbn> y»ar ;fo'r-$i; . : .:- '
:^ : ;v; : • r^^.;o
'LA- DIES "risgijini.. ki{e.,'"-v«u're .^ndV'.ijsiltk; :'r*ejle1t;--
¦ 'fioftr Jrpfg'alantlRs. -.corijuit: riie-.-aj .bnr«;. my "
" yhif\h6d*;,a.r8 alstfys- "^af^; •palpleg*- and : - jreH^"
•'¦ " able ;• I'have".- ijo Y*ilurps :-.curir.'gua;rap.tee ; d;. : rio. .
¦ ¦ 'evorbi'tsrhf- te'esj.'-lif .' yfa'r?.'' eaji'e-rle.r.ce.Vhx" all .;
-' ¦ ftii>aje <Jis6j-»ier*V.cali '$?¦ -Vrfite. w:jthcii-t.,deJa"X}- ".
.- : -jjrdvice ¦frcef. C(u-.rrs.i>oiid«'h°ce' •"c»5'nn<lential.'" s : -. .- .-'
; : . •i.Dfc.'.ti'.att-E, '?(a -Ma fj^et ¦:»>'. ..-rofrcrg r.a.n|l..S.--
¦iiRS.-'tiR: ' ; T0VETi.i;:V&p*^i2iHEt '.'tor.'^vr-'ffjnal.e;
:/' .(kijaiplaints srii •¦^rre£^a-rlties:'.-4risti»n't " : wli^f '
.'/. KCaiariv.^di THy yc-a'rS;' gsperi^irce.-- fStf-'P'o'sf st^ '
]|tOT^J>iC ; -lKOHii.r.elriM*:«pVr.iallEi- for all f-»^
'•¦.'•¦ rhalt Jtroiltles!- and .jTr'egji'lflr.ltie.sr..inVt.ant "rje.-: .
yvl^t :gokr^'r.jeea.;. ft*;^..MiIvkft->t.,- .OppV.'at.h.'
.-yALr'EAX' > ;St'fcm'ilA : piV!6;-b'e S t ; r,e£uiallnjE' pills '.
,- • : ; V price" .i'SbQ ''.t'y", 'eVpresk '..; -Pasteur'-s'
,'•• ¦ «yrinig'e : . atid.'. •atle^Bi' "•pr.l.et ;$3.'- -.IJy ..' exfiresS
;.-'eir^j-.-.pn 'ieieejtt af-1 price; --OStjOOTJ- J?ROTI.I.- ;
v.-.KRS»;%-i*-ho'l«iaIe-; '^drtfcglSW.' \Se.y>nth ;
.^'..'Bfcadm.ay.'.-jJajv-iaria- :;- :.¦*¦,';".:..'•. "; V.' "•.•:..'.
pft.-: G^:-\V.^--O'l>0XN'ELif^Aii'V»o.'.-ar«;sicTc-'-.gr /
¦..'in -trouble, censj-lt thja' epii'cloits?-..pn'--fe.mfi;tf
-.: -tCThpla'iiftS-r 1 -pbsiti'\»ely .;ootre<jted":-"Oi>J-'unfp'rtU-.
: ;".'i5Vr>.' hejpe^-, rte-.JTipSt. -d-if h^cult .cases treated;.
' ¦'.•-a*U*|c'e:ifw^-.'-:Oi[ficy!..-101'S''J>la'i:ket *t.'- : - '-.• ;- : -
•i3rs::G / y>d-wrn.'. 73'VT'urk,-. n;:.-. ; \'«n >fR«s^rEiV>es-t"
-/. ih .ql)stVtric>. .-fefuale; crmpl}ilrtts:'.in»r^ rejlt^f ¦ "I
, :; .-ices fin eiU £i 0 ; ¦ Jiolijy v 10- to; &; '25- years."-' |»»ptr.-
: 5I«-§.-- .L»:- AL^EN.- 1ILK -'M'afjf/t:— iiVitsitJl^aaaies- 1
.'- '.->pe'dal*if.:'ja- 'pr-U-ate'f.Ome beT&re-.and durlpg •
¦'-¦cpngyfrpe'i^t; •_b>?i..'rbe,dioaj -care -¦ Jew 'ifeejL- •' •'.
'bn'.'.anl". Mtis.;DAy.n;s and~TiiNt>pcFlIE.RBj:- ':
;-¦*. t>r}gipal'-met'tiod 8t. trfanrieiif .-' '112S '-Market e't. '
. : pn.'='WK'STO;N—rty>!xixt'Vejief "for : ladles l'-COT-
. " «ult vhip Tree,; .;-{h5 Kea/ny/st. i.tel.-'SJaifiy4*l.
¦ DR •¦ :jppH-Kti: >osi-.irn. "- >^)5 • 'EolKom'.'St" Corner,
| - . .Jfltrj f.-la^ies,; «*e rit?f- or -no -fee- ; $>0. ' : .;'. " : ; ; V -
fe-fii Na^TQ-V' KK57'5?5 T rowcn «... pprosit'e .
t-? JPaltm aV>a<*e:.;»ttl.diaemsfcsf ctareVI by-.he.rV'K. '•.
¦'¦•^¦:-'. ? - : "> v'-' ;-^ v^K 'ANXf Miy i>«^.^ L ;}^,.;_ .
J«O.-eha'rV>i! pT-'.goId: stock- of" the •-•''Nortoh Bay
•: ,CeJ Si'SV. will -be. worth. $a00 by' XujrOst.US.04^
-: ' -"G.ftRtyiNiA I,V\T-;gT: CO.. P2>- .Market, tt.-
. ' . -ansgiaLLA.Martus^Fon • aAxJSi'.'/i-
ilCilL£>K8. engine*.. I!d>haiid- machinery! WcINi .
; ¦'-•: TiK»- &¦ y..0LP;M AN; ¦ l'J.5U9t Frbmcnt jst.
Poes >our .liopt 1 .leakt:-"-. T^ ¦.••:.- •.
¦_";: P,<-pa|r: lt;'wUh'.»laterite'y.ln:T6H.s'>.asy te-.la.y-;-
;¦:• Be-e<ls'- no ;paint!nt.'-of; creating; -good, over -clcl'
. ;•: irc.n '¦¦'¦ tin .6r '. fchlDgler:..-.lbesti-ft)r- 'new roofs'.
, XX-AXptOTE .RPOFIXG. C<5,.. .71^ Market At.
.'ALMOST new; :i/. trkh.Wjt, a'nd. level
¦-•"co.frjuinvil.-lnijjh jsoy-.er teles'coi*T original' c«s*t
.- 'f^Ssj-'c-riv-aii- fjr ca^h. ''AJa-ll. or adcJrH-i* C'-iL
' .IKiLtroMf'.- •>.nSy. Engineer-' 1 office. City /Ilall.-
•¦.t>an-. J^J-anL-iuto.-. ".•¦'.¦ ; '.."¦• ¦•'".. '.-."-. ";¦ y
CD.-JIAND- -macijrherj'.'-ixjil^rs.. engine*, pirmpj,
..-pulleyi; •ifchaftliig."-: tt<!..:; etv,-."- bousnt. 'su.ld.
.. -rented • ing eschar s^d; ¦ pee ¦ fSUnday- parperS'
: . M." " g. Wli itK .;M C»V.' CO., :lVt>-r£!. Beare. at. •
•A-i-FlNE'-'Uite. .$7 •Oi'; -dress, pantiv 52 60: Otig>
' •Ir.sflSAisfit-Crcthing 'Parlor*.. 2.'iS Kearny. st.'.
' -rear' But h>; oPfn -to 0 -p. m;; Sunday -to -nobh.
A-riBUY-SI- ..keihi or rent? gear macBfnery: -cij -
• -Ik ines'- boilers, water pipe, thaftlns.i pulley*. ,
- *to. . WHiTEtAW. 253-255 Spear, st. ' . " '
I'AL'TEnATi^lN tale— Beet- ' $2 60. haf«. -$1 60.
V .Popular ..'Pilee-. Hatter." WO Kearny 8tl..rteaT.
:PI6e-;" npen to.!'- rf. m.-; -Sundays to nppn. '• \
' TRT- our' men's Ok>s at Jl.-and Jl 5(i-'pair:
. • 'foot-:icm> *hoes at*^2 5«;"we pay express'
- . charges..' \l 3d ft.; Kxjin. bid. ;". catalog -fr^.
' «Hc "ROtt -and-.jjp: flti'e waH paper; . samples
• -' rjalUd;-p>inting. t'intirfg.-pa|j«'l-ing-. M. MCR--
•". IGAX. l?02 Webster." ; Tel. -'Jackson "-1321. -.
•'\V-ANT-EI)»-A- tiuver for 'air invalid wn#el :
.'••c!:a!j: -nearly lir.w." .2^;) jCtk t%£ nr-. Voinovi.-
l-£nc>:clope<ria Uriian'nlc«; ScHtner edit'ionVhalf
. trtoriK-c-ojy lng.'"ij OJii •Doo.kitore."-6r^loAll.1rt^r.
' tiA.^OLIN.l? '.enpiii.'»H.. tnught.- trjil; "exrhanKed,
".". •repaired^ fykes^'^rson .<-"o-.- 254 - neaie } >t.j
¦\T>t> grfS&T'.CIaWBOa patent Vhl'mne>-.-. Apply' 16
'.'.¦.Zoe".Ft.'.Mbff-Bp'a"nt, bet-' Third, urnf Fojmh*
:AL"ilOPT ! hfw> a-ecUnlns, go-cart-. 3Cl"."E<!d>'
; , r^ree-t; | ' '¦ .. > "• "
.'FbR^Vile'-'-'l^iaro. musi" 1 " box'.-nrirnn. bilury bar..
. -nf-M-.«nd..Uay/ctitter. 422 Orange 5^.. <T.)kIaml.
' JarewFivV.caClret oval Miowranes; thre*
• j"fXee't: qjie 3 fe»t |ind one 6 feet. 2W.'Ea^t lit.
BAfe'ES arid car >v Teglstern. n<T»r. «U>d s^cond-
„ .band. f. ;F.KE£M'A7t; 1383 .Markat st. • ". ;
UE.^lCS'Boupht..- sold and : erchanjted." .T.' 1>..'
'¦ >tcCAT.TIiY CO..,-7»2 MiiMdm tel. Bush. 1467.
: MILES *cY Yilre <art<l* flttlnxs: 'nil xfzes. EU-.
-.•'GE.N-n'riTLET*-fiONf!. J0» A'allQD" St.- -.
. SOMK-'K^cd «ec£nd"-ha.nd gamline engin«-!«V- 1 • to.
. 12 ;h. ;p v .cheap. E. B..".Drck 1 & Cq.". : 12C Mkt.
•ELGT.:marhln»* cheap;", crjmgvs, Twentl'rth
' Centuries.. PvrcUn. "JJACIO-AVl-'PI.- '••'>• Market.
•DESKS aiirf safes; »>ee" the -complete Jlne at 1816
¦" •.MarJjet.'.jBb. V^n "New.- RICHARDSON BflOS,-
¦¦EAFCS-4p.'ew .arid isiSohd-niiri^
: . MANN-S-AFE QO.. 307 Batfery st." . '.
j M6vfNO--prctu*»9; -magic lanterns. .«!*.' rental;
! barce^rs: Bullart h Ereck. 131 .Post it.', .
•6AFES— New lind~'s*rpnd:hand.-" E. B." DECK
* : CO.. 122 Market st. - . - .....
CAfOMXE engine*.- automobiles a«d launches;'
. all Jjlies.. £._r:. UOAK. 4~6 Fremont st.;*>y .
-Afi'K fpr prices on second-hand' -typewriters; all
meke». ALEXANDER CQ-. 110 Montrr.
> J •^|SCKLiLA>4j;0us WA5TS. j
• WANTED-^-To buy; a small cooking atove wjth
o"vcn. to burn coal; state size. n»ike. number
of l:olec and* price asked. . pox 2011. Vail. . -
I PAT highest price* for all kinds of cast-off
dothtr-c: rend postal. MORRIS, lit Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries bought.. H. C. HOLMES.".
JJ49 Market et.: ph'one Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good fecond-hand clothing and
. theatrical coods. ; lfi'4 3th at.; UU -JessU 2S9L
by'st-ating your ; ¦ t |V j ¦ fT''LJ[ C IBiliSlilil I A/VNI C : : i^S ;'C" : "'' llSWPlSS^r^SKf T
' WANTS:;: . | [M . ii.vFlC . W^'liUiMixSMISS LOTTIE PATTEN AND
AT THE TUG'S
LAUNCHING. , ¦ . '. '.. ¦ '
Must Care for Insane.
OAKLAND, Feb. 29. — Following the
I communication from the State Lunacy
j Commission to the Board of Super
1 visors last week. District "Attorney Al
j len reported to the board to-day, that
. it was his opinion that the county
j would have to care for all indisents
returned from the State Insane
asylums. The harmless Insane in the
various hospitals number several hun
dred, who arc to be sent back to the
several counties from which they
I came.
United State? Coast and Geodetic Survey—
¦ ' Time and Height of High and" Low AV-aters
¦¦¦ nt- 'Fort Point, entrance" to San Francisco
Bay. Published, by- of fldjal authority of th» :
'. 'Superintendent. ;.. .'*•'•
NOTE-^The high and- low. waters occur ' at
the city front (Mission-street wharf). about 25
minutes later' than at Fort- Point; the -height
of tide' is the same at both places.
Time Ball. -
Branch Hydrographi.c Office. U. S. N." Mer
• chaYits' Exchange. -San.- Fran.clsc.0, Cal.-,-
February 29. 1904.' •• • ¦ ...'.- --
The Time Ball on t^e -tower of' the -Ferry
building was. dropped exactly at nooo to-day>— '
I. c'., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at' 8
p. rn. Greenwich time. J.. C. BURNETT. ' .
Lieutenant, L*, S. N'., in charge,*
TUESDAT. MARCH 1
Sun rises. ...'...... ......6:42
Sun '. sets .0 :tK;
Moon rises ......> 0:00 p. m.
B Tlmel Time Time [Time .
p _ 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
S L. W| . '¦ H AV L.--W |H W} ¦ ¦ ;
T 4:261- 1.811-6:421 5.9 5:02j— 0.3111 MS iTi
3 5:161 1.4J11 ::»[ 5.8 5:451 O.OJ •.
H \V| J |L W| |H.W| [L W
-3 0:241. 8.6 fi:0t5( ' 1.1(12:28 T..6I G:31 0.4
4 1:U*!| 5.C 7:00i 0.0 1:22 6.£| 7:13 1.0
5 1:43 5.6 7:52 O.»[.2:*.>2 ,4.t 7:5S 1.5
« 2:27' 5.5 . O.I) 3:27 4.4 S:4r» 2.2
7 3:151 5.410:57 O.Sl 4:37 ; 4.1 9:37 •.'.«
; NOTK — In'the. nbove exposltlQn of the tides
the early morning, tides are given in the. left
hand column* and' the successive tides of the
day ' in. the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth 1 . time column gives the last 1 tide of the
day,'; except when I there I are but three • tides,* as-
The ferry-boat Sausalito broke down' yester
day on the 0 o'clock, trip . to this city. -She
reached her slip on this side at 11. o'clock.
.The accident diFahlrd one of her whee.'s anil
»ith the remaining -wheel she made slow and
Sausalito Breaks Down.
The : Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao, Captain Paulscn, arrived yesterday
from Guayinas with twenty-seven passengers
and a full cargo, including treasure valued at
SlOO.'tf-O. - Among the passengers were the fol
lowlns named: Mrs. A. Ottinger, Miss Ethel
Nichols, Mrs. iU. Owens, H. H.. Brown. Pres
cott Sawyer. Miss H. Tayg. E. Tays, G. M.
Morris. J. Pearson, Dr. E. E. Hicks and Mr.
and Mrs. A. Abbott.
Curacao Arrives.
: Anurew Carlson <owner)*-with O..C. Guntjor
sen (contractor and. 1 architect).— A)l" "work *.ex-.
ce.pt • msntf 1b. and " gas fixtures . for- a two-gstory.
frame budding HAaif) «w " lot .'on- >' line""o?
Twenty-first street. : I25 E- of :-Caa^lr>;"- E. 25-.p"y
N Hi. block 1H^. 54USO".- . • '.
.-Joseph -T." PoheJ'm towmrj ."with * Richard
Leach (cojitractor)/ archi.tec* A. W." Marquis—
.Alterations and addltrons to store. building on
lot en NW corner'of Bueh and Mt>ritsomefy
streets: $1-50. .. " •* *'.
' i:eter'-Ue?ln(?mini lowner) with Ahtonip Cuneo
antf" John -Cuneo tcontractors), a_rchl'«ct owner
—All work except' *ewtr for a 'two-story and'
basement -frame bulldlns". on lot on S line o{
Twejnty-nlnth "street.. lt!S:43i. XV of .Mission S
25. W 1*4:2%, E 4J:W!4. E S3:5»J ta besin
ning; *465i>.
Frank S. Kelly (owner) tfufc Brutcher &'
Scrna (contractors), architect Theodore W.
Lensen— AH work except lathing, phtaterint;.
eewerin?. plurnbing. gae fitting, pa.'iuiq?. elec
trical work; etc.. for a two-story frame bund
ing en lot ' on NE corner of Valencia and
Twenty-fourth .streets. 34:5 on- Valencia by
!)0 on Twenty-fov^rth::$5S"J5.
game owner with George F. Bsrnard (con
ti*ctor). architect same — Sewerlnjr. plumbing
and Ras fiuinjr for same on satne: $1219.
* Edmund Mccombo (owner) with N. A. Carl
son (contractor), architect -T."F. . Mitchell— All
work. for alterations and additions to make a
ore-story cottage Into a two-story frame build
ing (two flats) on lot on N line of Twenty
second ' street. 50 E of Florida, N 100 by E
25; $2100. .
Builders' ContraptvS.
ALASKA
Ilevillaglgedo Channel, page S7 — Cutter Rock
spindle.- found missing February 4, was rebuilt
same doy.
Wrangull Strait, pages 00 and. 01— Keene Isl
and or East Ledge Beacon, found missing Feb
ruary 5, was rebuilt same day; '..,
¦ Burnt Inland, Ledite ' Beacon, found partially
destroyed February .V was repaired same day.
South Ledge 'buoy 'No. 4/ a red. second-class
•Wlllapa Bay entrance, page 69— Inner buoy,
a PS. tlrst-claes nun., heretofore reported miss
ing, \ras replaced January 29.
¦ Grays Harbor entrance, page 73 — Trustee spit
buoy No. 0, a red, . first-class nun, ¦¦ reported
missing .January 2S. was replaced two days
later.' ¦ .. •; - ¦ : '. . ¦ .-
Columbia River, page 53— South sid« of mid
dle ground buoy No. 11, V a second-class "spar,
found missing December 14, - was replaced the
following day. ¦ . ¦- - . .
WASHINGTON. .
OREGON.
Lower .Willow Bar lower post lteht page 34
after Ncr. HO (List of Beacons and Buovg, Pa
cific Coast. l'J03. wage C4)— February 23- the
Btructure from which this light was shown was
carried away.. The structure will "be rebuilt
¦and the light re-established as soon as practi
cable. .- • •¦--.•
The following affects the List of Beacons anS
Buoys-, Pacific Coast,- 1903:. -. . :.-• .
' OREGON r AND WASHINGTON.
Columbia Itiver entrance, pages 43 and 51
Calumbla .River Bar outside whistling buoy.
Ji&WPS. marked -"C," reported mUslnr Feb
ruary 24; will be .reolaced as soon as practi
cable.' - ns^ttftessaiMfc
Th« following affects the List of Lights and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast, 1003: .
WASHINGTON."
Xbtlce to Mariners.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Captain P. T. Browne, whii for fourteen years
baa been superintendent .of State tugs and
drede'ers; yesterday "terminated 'his. Service
under the Board of Harbor Commissioners.
The engineers ¦ and others in his department
yesterday presented their retiring chief with. a
handsome Shrlner's emblem as a token of thair
regard. Capta.in Browne will return to Stock
ton and with his going the water front lo!.ts
one *df its most familiar figures. "Under
Browne's management the State's fire fight'lng
riant developed Into a -valuable protection to
shipping, the two. tugs Governor Mark-ham and
tJovernor lrwln being fitted with . the latest
devices and manned by crew* carefully se
lected'and well drilled. ' Captain- Browne can
look back upon tourteen years 'of < work- well
done. He was probably the best known man
alone the water front* where he numbers hli
friends according to the census return*. ; If Wo
has any enemies the^ 1 do not go on record as
such In the shipping district.
Captain "Phil" Browne Retires.
The nai-y .'supply steamer Supply arrived last
evening from. Guam, getting into port tod late
to pass* quarantine 'Inspection. • She has .on
board" Commander William E. Sewell, who had
to leave bis post as Governor of Guam on ac^
count of ill health and will to-day- be taken
to the hospital at Mare Island for medical
"treatment'. Whfri the .Supply reached Honolulu
Commander Sewell. who Is suffering from a
tropical com plafnt, was still confined' to his
cot. With" him on -the. Supply are his three
daughters and their governess. After, passi'ng
quarantine this morning the Supply ¦will prob
ably proceed to Mare Island. . : * j"
"lias Sick Governor on Board.
¦ To', Mexleoi^-179 "bbl*' flour, 931 gals 24 cs'
wine,, 1 42 pkgs potatoes', 11 pkgs 0nlon«,.-25.30b
lbs rlce, ; ifsjr lbs sago, 12 csibeer, 1- bbl whis
ky, 9 cs liquors. ' 7 cs rniherat". water, 1.7 ¦ pkgs
paste, 102 cs canned goods, 0S0 lbs.drted fruit
SJOpkgs groceries arjd. provisions. 900 lbs spices,
1204 lbs, meals, 0 cs olives, '' 2i pkgs bread,
2420 lbs raisins, 270. lbs. candy, -MO'Jb's lard,
4»« lbs butter,- 330 lbs 1 cs- cheese, .400 lbs
sugar, 1 703 lbs .ham" and bacon', 25 pkga acid,
COO.bdls shakes; 7- bales duck, 1» pkgs drugs
and medlcihes, ,39 kegs halls. .3415 -lbs sod a, - 5
bdls 6 pc*s pipe, 1'5 bars Iron.. 21 pkgs wagon
material, 4- drums carbide, ' 17 cs : paints. 8 cs
arms and.' ammunition, 350 ca blasting- powder,
4 ore cars, 1120. lbs potash. 301. tons coal, 3S,»
m\ ft lumber, 10 cs coal 61), •" 13 pkgs dry
goods, 1 pkgr machinery.- ' • . " •; •
To' Centra.) Arherica — 516 bbls flour* 20 cs
whisky, 534 gals wine. 10 cs liqubrsv 400 lbs
codfish, 9 .pkgs groceries and provisions,: 4 cs
canned goods.. 4-cs coal oil, 25 cs. tar 25 cs
dynamite, 7094 lbs tallow, 131 bdls iron 20 cs
gasoline-. - # -• ¦; ¦ ' . ¦ '
To Ecuador — 775 bbls- flour, 3' colls rope,. 2
bdls oars, 3 cs bocts and shces
To Peru^l47,.8S5 lbs . malt. 55.0 ' ]bs --dried,
fruit,. ; 435 cs' canned salrnon,' 101 ca assorted
canned goods, .2 pkgs groceries, 10 drums acid,
3 cs paints. 2C0 colls rope, 4 cs leather. .
To Chile— 150 bbls flour, 40 cs canned goods,
4921 gals lubricating oil, 50 oars.
The. German steamer: Mamphis of the KotmM
line sailed -On -Saturday .for Haiii'burB inii' way;
ports' with an assorted merchandise' cargo con
signed to the princljml "ports dn the . southern
coast, valued at t.WiSlf).. to be distributed as
.follows:' For. Mexico. $19,166; Central-Ameri'
ca.- $4684; licuadpr. $3504; Peru, |7J94; Chile.
$l. r >77. The leading exports' were as follows •.
Exports to Southern Cpjist;
.' The Government: steamer General Mifflln
wan successfully' launched yesterday .' at . the-
Risdon iron Works; Mifes: Lottie Patten, daugh-.
ter of Colonel William S. Patten^ • thief" quar- :
¦termaster. United States arniy, christened' the
vessel, which slid from her- .cradle Into- the;
water in the presence ofr'a large company' and.
to « chorus of eteam-fed shrieks to. which: every
Whistle' in the harbor eeemed: to contribute.
The ' General' illf-'tlin will form a valuable ad
dition to the hartor fleet. of the quartermasiter'g
department. She will be used ' primarily .for
carrying water to .the- military ports located In
tlifs harbor. She is stanchly built,, however,
an<J tit to take an ocean voyage should ' her
services be required ' elsewhere. She also has
accommodat'onii for passengers i. and. freight. *
The. army people will welcsirie her advent, as
the service now contributed by the General
"McDowell is necessarily limited. The General
Mifflin is 1"C! feet long and. will have. a. speed
ot about' thirteen 'Ijnoie, •• ' ¦•.'¦.
General ; Mifflin LA'nnch'ed.
This British stearher Claveririg, which eailed
yesterday tor ¦ .Hongkong ;»nd ¦rt'ay ports ' via
Portland; qarricd as Cargo from this, port ' 419_
770 lbs tanbark, valued at $1320, .c<5n«isHed to
Kobe, Japan. ¦ .- ; •:..";• : "- ;.-•'.•."¦. ••-•:¦¦" ¦••",
Thirbark'.for Jgpari.
i.8t«*ip.er. ' •. •". Destination; '.:'. I Sails. I^ Pjer. ; .;
"•¦"••¦ ¦ ¦¦••¦ •'¦¦ :':.Ji*rcix~i: ¦ ¦'¦¦¦ : \-.:-r:-'i~i'T T \
Samoa.,....-. I^as Ahgeles P.oliS.t 0 amtPier' 2
.Centennial.-. Seattle & :v. .'jPier."'5O* ,
Czarina . . . .' Cods • -Bfty. ": -dircpf.'-i •i''prtij.Pfer ' • ».-'
CTayeri'ng. iii Hkong '^..-Portiandi.'-. . . . :.}Pler;*rT \
:B; Montcav. Lets Angeles: Ports.|?0: afm'tpjei- '2-j
Alliance., i . . Eureka *f ' Cb»S B: Ui urii Plei? li; <i
Empire. ¦¦'• • 'C66s". Bay -direct, -'tis .'th PJe.r 'J3 ;i
City P.uebla- • Puget- Spii-nd "Por'ts-I J.1-" Jim. Pier "• 0.-]
- : •¦••¦¦".¦. ¦¦..;¦¦ .-.¦'•:': -Jaarcb.; a. -..' ..' ';• ¦¦}".-:¦.¦¦ "¦ :.
Seqiioia.. ... -Wlllipa IJ^rfeor; .:...¦) '4'.r>jY»i.Ptey 20.-
Cehtralla:-. . hoi -Angle's :pp'rts:-|J.O.am|Pier 10";
Elizabeth . * . CoqvHlfe: itlVtr ... . .: trft anvlPier. -20 "
Bpokane; -. ... Humboldt. . . .'.-...•. . ,jl :30 ptPjer ;.0-j
B," Barbara; . Lbs "Aripcle?. 'Ports'. "... 4 '-.pinjp.'ler..' 2..;
•' : . : • .'•¦;• ¦ '¦¦¦. UliLTCln 3.\ ¦: '•' ' T' ; . '" 1
Aurellalv.. . Antoria ft. "Portland 10 ainjPier 2.!
Humbpldt.'. "PeatOp : -&- Alaska: 11 aiiiiPier !) j
' Sle.rrai ' fc'ydh^y •¦ & ' \Vay. •. . -. 2 tfm ! Pier . . -7 ¦ !
O. W. Elder AstoMa & Portland 11 araSPler 24: |
Pomo..->i. : . - ,Pt.' Arena &: ¦ Albion "C pinll.icr "i ;
Stats' 0f -.Cal. San. Diego & Way.: .!) arflrPiei* -It':
Goronada... Gfays.Harbof ..:•. i pinjlM.er 10 J
•- '• -.-¦ ..'¦.• March" 4.. 'v '¦'"!' ' ¦•¦' :
EUi-eka. :.i. Humboldt .,...:,*.. »¦ am'Pier 13: >
Ar.cata.-;.:. Coos B. &. Pt. Grfd 12 m|Pier 1.™.:
Bonlta:.... Nevip«jrt &". Way, .f 9- am'il'ier lU
-' ¦¦ ¦'.'.. March 5. •• V ;: - M- . " .V'-i
Pomona ;.--¦- -Humb^Wt '. .. : . :'... ..|1 30 jifPier- 9"
Pt.- A' r *na.» 'Pt. Aretia' &. SIdcnol "4 pm Pier IS
' Doric. . .:". . . ..China & Japan,-.: .¦ 1- priil'Hirr 40
Acaptilcp. ... N V Y., via Panama. 1-2 .rulPicr- 4I>
NorthFork. 'Hurnboldt : .:....."... .">.pm|Picr..2O
Rainier- ..;- Seattle &' TYhatcom -4 pfnfPJer .1Q\
. ¦-.-.: ¦' .* • • March 6.' " J " ( • ;
S; : Rosa. . . .' San Diego & Way: fit art) -Pier; 11
Arctic..;'. :¦.- Humboldt.- ;..;:.'.-.. am Pier '2'
Chlcb;'. : Coqulllo River ". . ,'.. . B pm Pier li
J Jmatllla . . . Puget 'Sound Ports.. lV-am Pter ft-
J.eanie : Seattle & ".Tacdijia.- . 5 pm Pier 20
'::' ' -. ¦ '¦'¦ -. ' • Marcli 7; • • .-J '. ¦':.
Curac'oa.:-!.- .Mexican.' 'Port's .,'... It) am | Pier 11
"... .••"'.. .•'.'• • March. 8.- ¦ • ; * :¦'
Coos Bay"... ijan; Pedro & Way; & am|Prer 11
• ." .¦¦¦¦¦ FROM' SEATTLE. .'.-• ' .-."..
' Steamer.'.--' '.: ' ; ' 'F*>r-. ; ". i './ Sails.. :
Excelsior. :-.,'. Vaide^ 1 & : .\\'ay Ports.", Mar.. 1"
Farkllpn'... . : ». . Ska&way -4; A\*ay' Po.rtsJMar. '¦*
Valencia... -..' Skasway" &> 'Way. -Ports.JMar: :4'
DUIgd Skagway. &.W»y Ports. Mar. 10
Bertha. . ;.'... -Valde'z fc Way .Ports.- Mar. ip
Santa Ana... Valdez & Way Ports.. Mar. IB
J. Dollar. .„..'. .Valdez & Seward. .;.». Mar. i'O .
to sail;
• ' Soundings showed: nine: Inphej , cf '-water in
the hold.' -The. pumps soon. reduced .th!« to tftree
Ihrlica and. there it was held. When the..yes,
iei anchored at : •¦ Fbve'stux .Straits the crew
.mufin'led..* Th« members :refiised '.to.' raise the.
anchor^ but Paptkln Thornjisonand his- offleera
¦re gaitied ©qptrol' .and. the lifttladale . exrentuajty.
put to, 'sea -with six of the cr«w In irpps.. •:.¦; .-•
*¦ The ahlp. lert. Liverpool: '.Sl3 days, agoi.; •.8h«
*;as •off ' Cai>e Jlbrn oh Septemher. SOand for
thrcp weeHB f.bllowihg' that date. encounte.*red
a j«u'cci : s*iori. of Jiurricanfs.: witl) : wild squalls
Jn! between. •' The galley was- washed put Octo
ber in 'and for tbe'tXme' being ;co<}klng' was, -ah.
: irHpossibllily. Soine .the men refuspa -duty;
•tout • we're nericuad^d to turn ,'to. -'. Wal?'r • had
got. below,., melted th«. salt in- No, '..'*.. ha.t<h .and",
iii- the' brine' "casks ¦ of caustic «oda. .floaj^d,'
battering-- I'h^'. confining. :'et(les. and -Btartlng. a
•number of rivet*. .¦'.: '•' \ .-. -..;'¦': .- •;.¦:.•.•¦'.•¦'.¦
-.'The 'Brit r?J) ship FaU'sVof Halladal*. bound
.from L.iyerpool- for' this ' port, was .reporttfd .'a.
few week* ago as* having., pat Into FpVeaux
'.Straits;'.New Zealand', In; '-distress. ' -.She- \ya«
short, of provisions,'; had .sustained.' extensive
damage "and thez-cfew had .proved ¦ refractor^-.'
More ' complete ' details • of the . • Haltadal«* s
t'ioubles.'.reachtid' here yesterday. .)¦'.'- - : '-\ ¦ ';. -.
Officers : Subdue Mutineers.
.:.. '.Th«.'. British : 9i\lp: Ca«tl<>.: Rock' is': charteredl
for 'Umber from Puget Sound" tb' Fremaritle, 1
Aust.rali.a, at. :4Ds; . schooner Mlndora, • .sain*
bUBl hess from Puget Sound to Shanghai at
at;s;.3d;:> ¦;:¦:. ¦;.'. '..v.,^ ;.-. :'.-•- - • - ... : - :-¦:.-:¦ ¦¦;¦;.
XEWS.v OF; THE OCEAN;
•the- .vessels on the overdue list wtr* . quoted
ypsterday- as rollows; Theodor^.iO per- cent';
Robert Rickrrier*. 35 per cent; \y. F; Babcock.
J5 .per cent, and General Me'Une.t,;"13 per cent.
The Overdue List,
. The .Norwegian bark Tobias from Newcastle,
Australia, ¦" for ¦Honolulu, put ¦ into. Auckland
yesterday leaking. -She grounded*. wh.lle enter
ing port, .but wai got o.ft with little damage.. '.
Bark Tobias in Distress.
.'T1i«- bark Gerard C. Tobey, 1 wbich # arrived.
Sunday,-, left Honolulu in company with the
barkentlne Coronado, a four to- one' favorite
with: the rh^rlne/ sports of the. Ha*altan capi,
¦tai: The..foron«do. came up in. twelve', days
arid. fourteen hoilrs,- winning, the. race and up-.
settlne' many . li.onolulu calculations on .easy
money. The. Tobey was fifteen. days, making
the trip.-"' ;..;. ; " ••: ¦ . ' .' :.:• '. " - •..:.".• :•/ ¦ :
awkward progress. Several towboats offered
their. Services, but all assistance was declined
and the. SafiMillto, after tx»» hours, limped un
aided Into her slip at this side. . -. ¦ .'
' .. .' ;; . -."'. V '.' . ¦ ¦ — — : • r ¦" ' ¦¦¦ ".".'•'
Gerard C. Tobey a Bad Second.
' Steamer. \ ; . -. • ' ; ':. ' ...F'rorh. : _ ' : "-. "'. . < - '-. Due.:.' <
Hero:.... .,'i., Oyster^ Bay..........;./. Mar. : J
Empire. ...... Cobs Bay & Pt.Orford. Mar. . 1
M, Dollar;:.. .Tacoma .&, Everett'... .. Mar.'. I
Montara. ... . 'ScattlV; ' ¦.,...:.'.,.../.'.. Mar, 1
Maeklniw,.;., Tacpma :. .'. ..i.i.i....... Mar. 1
•Wellington . . . . Oyster Harbor ' • : -.•'• • •'• Map. .1 .
Tltanla. ..;¦.. Nahalmo .;."....¦....'.'.. M^r. -1"
G. \V. Elder..'- 'Portland &. Astoria.... Mar. 1
Iaqua. .'. "Seattle & Tacoma.. .;.- Mar., i
Rival..:..... AViliana Harbor .,...» Mar. 1
Centralia-,. . . .'Grays Harbor • ......'..; jMar. I".
Ppmo. . . . i.. ,' Pdltn Arena: & Albion.. Mar; 1
Del Norte -.'-. . . Crescent '. City . . . . . : . . . Mar. t :
Bonlta : : . . Newport " & Way Ports. Mar-'- X:
•WVH, Kruger Sart "Ppdro. .'.'.. .:..... ,'Ma'r. ".2-
Eureka.'...,. Ilumfeoldt. i.... : ..."..¦.'. Mar.'. '2
Jeante ; i '. . '. Seattte & ¦ Tacprtia vii '. Mar. ' f -
Umattlla ;./..- Puget Sound Port's:..; Mar,' H.
Rainier.'.'.-,.. Seattle i \Vhatcom . . .^ Mar. ''I
North Fork . . . Humbo'tdf ' .;....« ...... '-. Mar; -2
. Arcata...."...:. .Coos Bay <t Pt. Oriford. Mar. ',2.
S. Barbara... . Seattle. .&' Olympiad;. .- Mar. ¦•'£.
Arctic.,.,.... HumbbMt ...:......;:. Mar. ."J '
' Chico. ;,..:'..' Cofltillie River .i.i'.i..'. Mar/.:t
Pomona.:.'... tlumboldt -..v. :'..'.. .-.,.- Mar. J'st-:
Pofnt Arena. - Mendoclpb fit Pt.'. Ar"ena[-Mar, ; ':«
Santa Rosa.. Sari plegor & Way. Pts.lMar; a-,
¦peril.'.'. .-I". ... .New York via. Panama, |Maif. .4
Coos Bay.. ... San Pedro &...\\'ay Pts^aia'r. -:'
Oregon. . .•; . . . Portland & ' Asto-rta-J i.1"il MVr.i ">'
Spokaiie.V.-,«. Hiimbotdt ..'..:?.....•...;:. Mar,- :«
Sah Pedro. .'..'' Grays Harbor.'. ;. Mar. J-
State, of Car. . Sah Diego & Way Pts. Mar; -7
AlameaaV'. .i..". 'Honolulu: '•¦¦'¦:¦/.. .-.'.'.. Mat-. S'
¦Rah Juan.'. .:. Ne.W-.York via Panama: Mar. . fl
C«nt»nhlali.vJ Seattle &¦ Tacoma;..;.' Mar.- 9.
Martp<?saV. ; . , Tahiti 0Zii ». ." . .'. . . ; JMarJ 10
O.XX. Elder.. Portland &' Astoria. >¦'... |M'ar': 10
S. rjioilar.:,... Hakodate ..,.;......,.:. o ]M'ari 1.0.
Mr 'kAd Mrs. Horace Parker Mclntesh,. Miss
•Mcfn'tofh !>ouis- BersenSahl. Carlos Van lsao
hot ' T "Li B.radbuo. !'• Bradbury,. -Mi*s Louisa
Bradbury. Miss Caroline Winston. .11. II.. Ward,
Miss Clodia Seguame, C. Eetcllff.'. C CWsoji,
MiVadiila, T. C. Armistead, wife arid three
children.': . ''•¦¦'¦:; .' : - "";-'/ : .'.:.¦"• ' ]; .
. 'Among the p'as3eiJge.^ v O!9'ttift^Att.uW?.
was Horace Parker Mclritosh. av.re
tired .officer of the; t>riried. States navj.%
who .has been " aV Valpariso estabHsh
ing a ¦.hydrographic office '.for the Chi
lean Government, 1 ; Lieutenant -Mclh
tosh was in cltarge of the branch; h>>.
drographic offlce at this port -from '1S8S
to 189.1 ills, wife and daughter.' ac^
ctrmpanted- hini to Valparaiso and re
turned wKh him yesterday on the Anu-
bTs. ''''¦ ' / ; : '¦ ¦".;¦ .'';"-.' ¦'.¦'.'¦ -'•'¦' r '. ¦'
; The.Ariubis' passengers Included the
.following nam'^d; . : . ¦ /. .
The Cosmos, lfner Ami b'ls -Skived- yes
terday, 'fronr Hamburg vla'lSoiiih and-.
Central AmericAh feorts. Slje' .brought,
nineteen papse'11'gers.'.an.d 2183 .|5)'ns ot
cargo.' .-Captain .Redmer repbrts-tlrat
the British •5toam6]ijp. Lime Branch.; Has
been a.shtrre at Corpnel ahd.-t'h.a.t.a-djver
sent down to make*. ah exaih.fnktipff Wag
d"ro*wrre"d. "The .'officiers 'pf • j.h*- AHubis
also, report a" tiri.tisjfcbarH' oh-.tHe beacli
at Guayaquil.- "They- w.^re-.dpubjfu l l, a.s
to "hef. Identity.-'but -one of;them ;s>fA
he" had : read her; "nachiefjlucLpafk.':. The
Lucipara-is iX-e'lJ kRa\vp tttvi&t»./*?ofei
and is now sorj>ewhere- beivv'een . Nfew
castl?^ England," a!nd Seattle. 1 The. bark;
at Guayaquil'- *wentj f Ji^ore2l^iitffly«j i
weeks, ago: ' /•.:'•'• :'-\.'-/-~. •' ••;'.' ¦-.' : .'. "'• . • '
Mpycnicni; of Steamers. J|
,TO:. ARRIVE.
n-iin,- heretofore reported 'out. e.f;.po«ltlori". . wa's
replaced. • February • 5. • . • • ' ' -. .'•.'.-.¦.' • " .-:
. Northern Ledgo bilojr ffq. ft- a-red.,'iiecond'
clats nun, ¦ found : out of ."position.. February- ' 6,
was' 'replaced "came day. ' "¦ • ..-'.. • •.'.'
».'Panger PoJjit budy N<J.-8 r a .red, second-class.
ap>ir. »ouijd-- hU's'slng- -.February -6. - was.' replaced'
by .a. -red. flrst-cl&gs.ppar'.same day. "' '•'"
• R-ack; Point buoy '.No. .'-10, a., red, first-class
spar, heretofore. >?port.e*l:mjssl : ng, was replaced
FeBruary ' ¦..-¦•.••'. ' •¦' •¦.•.¦•' ;
Bluiit ;P6lht Reef >buoy No. . 18. a . red. flrst
.class spar, heretofore reported .out of ppsltlon,
¦was replaced- FeBruary. 6.-.- '• v.' . '¦ •' '•- ¦ V
" Turft. PoliU'-bMoy.'-Ndi. ft-.' a.black,.'Becon'd-t:{ass
loe. tound-jmissliig'. February 7, was replaced by
a -black, "first-Class ssar !>ame day.-' -.'•' V" -.
, -Prol*wy Rock Spindle, -.Touhd mlsslhg Febru-i.'
ary "^ -wiui-' .rebuilt same 'day. '. -\ ¦ ¦'.'. ¦'• .
' Perll'-Stralt. page ,*>S— rlif-e«rtpi .Shoal huoy Ho.,
8.' «".blac1c. .can,' -reported rhlsslng
'February'6, .wlfl-'b* Replaced as. so&n as practl-.:
eAfele; . ' ..'.'\. :j.', ;. 0v- ; : • .: « -".:" " ; : : "'¦
'. By -.order, of .' the- Lfghthouse .' Board;*'- .
'".' "•;.-•-' ".. ¦¦•'.•¦ • .¦ : c. : g.: Calkins. ';•'
Commander.- Ui. S. /N.; Lighthouse -Inspector'. ' .
GIBRALTAR-rSalled " Feb -29-^Stmr- "CTOn- 1
IgeiVLulsCi from' Genoa : .and Naples"; for New
York.*/ - '. " ' ..- ; -. . "...
fiRI^B'ANE— Arrived Feb 29-rStrrfr Aorangj,
from Va-ncouyer, .vi^ -Honolulu, for- Sydney,'
n:' s. xv. ¦ • ¦ ¦ .<..'¦• ".""•¦-' . .".'¦.• " :
LIVERFpOL^— Arrived. .Feb . 29^-S.tmr -Ivfrr
nla. from:-N«TV T^i-k.:"-. V_ .,'".'.' - - I.-.-:
PLYMOUTH— S.ajled -. 2S>— Slmr • Gfaf
¦Waliirrsee." frarri-lnimb.urg.' .for.-Nfew York.' .
* GLASGOW— Sailed, Fe.b 20^-Stmr;Corlrtth!^n.
for New. York.,. ¦ *. .. ". f. • ". " . '.. .'
.. ¦ ' : - .rbRErGX -PORTS. 1 .. ¦'¦ : - :' "' •' ...
.i.tJlERI«rit-^.AirrU;ed'i i 'e"b -27rjB«-jrtU(»*QQWB
A'ictorla, hence' Oct. •«., •¦•¦.':¦¦ • '. •• . : .- • -\-'
MAZATLAK^-Sali«d Jan .22^Ger.stmT-..S»r r
bfa;. lor H»jnburc:-. ¦'. •' ' j.-- . • : "¦.•.."¦ . .'•;
SINGAPOREr-Arriypd'. Feb 2<»— pt : atmr. St:
Bed'e. , fFom'New.-.Vdrk','- fo.r Manila'. * •
"V-ALPAIlAlSOr— Sia'lled -Feb : . JU^Br - *ark.
Aujdeipth. . fior Sari. Francisco, via- Nlt-rate-. Pott/
Sailed Feb 2?— Ger stmr ;• IIeTrnon,t.h,is, -..for"
San Frariclsco. ;.'-..¦ ¦...-. ; .; .' .' ." ...".'
BRIisBANE-^-Arr Ived ;FeJj . 28— Br : sjmr ."Aq
rangi, -frorft' Vancouver.'. -.-... '.-'•¦ -1 •
• . HAMBURG^T-Sailed •Fe.b.'24T^Giei> stiiir'.Luxof.
for fan' Kianclsco. ..- 1 ."¦¦., ' ' '••• • •' s - ¦•
• ¦ . '. : - : "OCEAN. STEAMERS. ¦• ...' " - .-• 7 "
¦Salfed- Feb. 24— -SCKrs' '^'abef Gn\;-«id° DJoca
Bluhni.- f6r San-'Pcdco; schr-.-OtHMe-.-FoiviJ.'.f.oi'
Sari Francisco; '.' '• ". : -' ;.;' • •."¦•"••. '••.'..."•
t-LAXrL.AM.-^Air.— Ahcriored- ta bay. Feb 29—
Sc.hr Wi'lltBrri HI Siriltfe. '-.tot- Rea.ohdo:. stiir
Marion.' foj«..isan..Pe.dr.d.:" shrp-"*ii«?eli..\fo'r 6yd-:
nb'v;'- Br- stiip-Laniiii-na. fbf ..QUce'rtMojvn. " * '--.
. .EUREKA-^Aryivytf.'" Fc"?. : .'2IWSuhr. Bectie
¦Miht'K-ffom- San" .fed r'ov- '." ¦ .'; • V" -."."-. "-..'¦.
• :Pdli*"- LOS ¦" ANfiEL^?r4Arrryed . Feb.. *9^.
BkOiJi&rdrnef Ctt>V."frona .. <^l.uTObiSi "River;
iitnir'.L.e.e«.aiTia.w.'frpia' Tjcoma. -.•'.." • ;•.'"¦ : ." • •
'. Arrived Teb 2&7^Fr «lilpi La*nn*e,; from; Apt".
*l*Oi'TL : ' HAjDLOCK.-^ Arrived '.Feb »^Stta»
'Santa ' Ferrbkrav -frbm. 'S.eait.tl^ : . .aj.vi-; railed . ; 'Wr.
San-. 'P.cdfo.. ';-.-•". '•.'•. : ".'¦"•':.'.-.:•"¦'.•- ,."';. '¦¦¦'¦¦- ."
' '¦ Arrived Feb' • 2fl — ?ch'r. -Oeeahla' V4iije.';trOTn-
Sah. p;itib'.'- . i'v; •-..;-.¦; .V . ..;,• • ¦:'.- - - ¦;
¦VPQltT tUDLCvy-T-rArrivfid" 'Fjsti.:. S9-^EUctn'
KHckiia't. -JVoih • li<in6)ulur • " .'. ..' : : .; ; • ".". ... "
'. Sailed Ftb- 207^50 fir' Ban'gor;' for Port .Garft
:bie.---- -.-.- • ;•'.'. '.'¦ '¦ - : .•.•'/¦.¦':••'. "¦..-¦'• " : - ' ; -- •
POINT .REtES'-^PaMed Fel>'. 29^-Stnir. Sad
Gabiit»». frcim- $&n- .P&tp, '.for. -trmptttia. : . '•¦..'- ;
. P<?RT H ; AB,FQRI>^Sal)cd:. Feb ¦&~e3wf-H&-:
nita, lor. San Frahciscb. ' '. ' -. •:.'¦'• v •.•.•:•:...-,•"•
. PORT . Bt AK.ELEy-^A^rfved . f *.&.
itary':E> -Foster,:- from-. . Honolulu r "tfktii; VMslry:'
T\*ihkclnian. -iierice: Febt 2K- .-.:-..;• . -."; .-, '.:¦¦; : . '¦.-•.
' .'Arrived .F^b-iS-^TBrr'shlp Simla. . f rotd rort
(J'aj'MlilA 1 ¦' : ¦'¦ "'¦-' "*•¦*"¦¦ . ' ; " "."¦-'•'¦¦ ¦ ¦'¦'¦'¦¦ ¦¦ -' '•" ¦ : -"-.-
Sailed • Irefc' •. iQ^Br; • ¦ barK . 'F«i» ; of- XlHier
erajvkie^ f«ir. Ihu\que. .'. 'r\.^'-'-:'L-'. :^''<' :: '
' PORT ' -(JASiBIiE— S4il«(i .- Feb : .'29^-6^ ship
Simla; Tor .AU^rallaV -. ... ,: : \". : -;.V. ,-j-' f.."-*-:;>3'*iy.'
:.'• Afr.iverl'.J'et}'. 20^-.Scbi? . Bangor,. '. from '.P<?rt
tiGfilow*. ;.. • .!••¦-.• ': " : -' •-."¦ •.."•:•..''¦¦•.' .'.,:' .V'Ji: ".¦•''.-•"¦ v
: ' Arr-Hed K»b : 23-^Sch;r .-Qbeep;;'. hence ,Feb : . 21;
><?hF-.'l"ohri- Of, •Sforth. Jience Fcb 2a- : - }¦:¦¦¦">'¦ :':¦'
¦BANC0S— Arrlv.ed."-" : F;qb.:' -^S-^atnir ".Chicpj
hewe F"e0" 27'.".-. r.: : -.\ .' :C v. ' : .-';"Y ¦•• ¦"*>¦"'": ""L-.-r- '
•. 'SEATrtiErVAcriyeXi- JVb.'.29^-Stfhif. -..Gearge.
IJQon)fs. from.- •San...F-ra)ncl9C«H- ; : :,.- '.••;•'.'.¦ V , . " ";¦.-'¦
' -.fiaU^^eb;;!j^5tinr;;t!S'ftt».^rbi^v?cbr-i!iW :
•T?'rancl*co-,': v^a-TbTV. Hadlock./.. • ';..'.", •; "v ..'.•..•;
idalcna""' clAu*d. from .->**•¦ .-fa-day. wJtVilGOr.S;!*)
bushels-.-w^cat" ftfr'-QtVeenMown' -or -^ah^duth.- -"- :
'•¦ I S&ir$<l. Keb-'Sar^Stthr' Px.eiHiS9,:tot: S'^rt- Wan-'
"cfiiCQ.- "¦-•'• "." •'* '."..-.'. :¦'¦'.'¦:¦' •'-"-'>' '-:.*-' .i : -r-*- V- -."*
' ' •' AS-TpKIA.-^Arrited, P.«Jb Z^Schr. Henry. W-lt ?
eoil^ l;ene.ei r«b" : M; : st>)rr Eoj)hi» •• ChftSteHspri,.
¦te^ce-rei C5..-." .¦.••¦>.-:'."i- ; ,=-"A-'. : : .•:;-'¦ V V..:o
. :PO.tST't>pBQS.-i-P"aas*iJ.;F:eb: '^t^Bkta- <s«p
.posed; ¦ I44b«ri !:SVdiieiK'.rrorh • Tapema, • tor. ?an
redxi>-' ' .'. :': : :' ¦'.;-v".v.-"-:.; J O'".' : :"*-" : " •'•¦"'¦ '-.. ' '-'»."
.-JSAN"' P.EpnlO— -Arrri'iSji',F.<b..-2tJ^rBktp. Arago,
'.froijv .\\"^nafia .cHaibSri'-bk.tr, - Qn^kA^ep; ;? tbra
-Taco'jiia. ! .: ¦" .:¦':,'¦¦. ¦'•¦. : :"-"-'' : - .-!». ¦ "¦.'* ">" ;- . ; .- ¦¦¦.'••..
edMESTiq' ports
• POINT L6B0S, Fieb., 29V..10. p,- «n^-^ Weather
clear; wind west-; Velocity. & mtles. per; hour- :
TELEGRAPmc.
F*eb 29, 13 .m-.-^-Scijr Ott|Hl«f .F6M..ir<?m Eu-;
reka'. . '"-. : '¦' . . ; ¦' • >"*¦'." ':-•".' .''¦'• : .-'- : "..:¦ •':.'¦-":¦•- '•.''
' ' . -. '.'.'• •. :..'¦ :.:¦• .'>iondari. February 29» : .- :
Br BtmrOaverlnri. BartOa, Portland : *n(J
Hongkong. ; ' '.'. ''¦:'.¦ ¦¦¦'¦¦.. ~: : : < '¦:.¦¦¦¦:¦.'¦'¦:•'¦[¦ :'-¦..
. Sltnr Cfiehalls. .Martl-n, S3an PisdrQ. ¦•. - :. ..
• Strar Coos Bay^ Ntcotson; .- t'an. Pedro.. ••¦: .;' : ;
Btmr O." C. : Llhdauer, Allen. Astoria. ... •-;:¦
Br bjark £arnmpunt,_ Baxter,^ Llverpobh ••'-.¦<'
. *. '-.. ."• : ¦ ."OUTSIDE BOUND t^^': : .\:/.:';':-X:^
SA1LET>
•"•¦* ¦••'• ••.:". '-..ARwvEDi. • "::¦.':'. , : ::¦¦¦ ¦¦¦. •;¦
• "-. .' '• V •.• ;'. •'" " Sidndayj- Frtni»Ty ..._2du :¦
: U' g. kmr" ;Sup^!y. , 5cbofiei*,--3tt ..tfajHi. Iroja'
.auami-'vJa.-HonoUiru. ¦•''• ..:<:";•.-¦.: .;.."-• "¦¦:¦
¦'Oer- BttUr AhUbis. itetmerf.: .115 days fro^i
HJimburji/et*.-' .•¦ : .'.-" ¦'¦'.' '-. V . ¦ V '.'.¦'-. -
••.'.•fetmr.apokariei'. XopanderH. ; 19 ¦ hours :£rom.
"Eureka* •'-."'•". -';¦ ¦'¦ •.'••"•'"•!¦¦;¦'•"¦¦.•:'.¦¦¦¦.
• Btrpr . Bnintfwlck', . ' EUef »eir. : 1.4 .bouf* : * from
Fe'rt -Bragg. '-.. -••• .. ¦¦•". .¦-'.¦',•..'¦...•' : .-; ; , ..,¦•'.: . ..
feirnr. State- of. Caiifbrnia. , ThpSAs,, . 40 Jj.ours.
frem.-San ji'.eco. .;¦¦¦'; ¦ ¦ : :':~. ¦¦-¦¦>:.¦¦ • / " :
-.- S.trnr *I*b'oeniX Odjandi .4«. .houjf . = *ron*7 Eu-j/
jrcica'.V . • -.' ':. ¦•' - -. ' --. >-'- : - : - ..-..' . .- '- ''•-'" •'•'-.• ; : ..-.: '.'-.'
' ¦ . iatmr " Mel vflle .iJqHIir;: • Foseqi 1ZT -hours from
Evt-rett..'- • '. •" .. .' .'¦'¦."". :::¦¦.'¦'..'¦''¦ " '.* ¦ '/'¦ ..
" Sjttfif ~ Curacao.. Paulsen, -11 days froia Guay T .:
inas' a'nd *r*y -por.ts.- ••. •¦¦ ..•'.'.•¦•¦.¦:.' •"' .:.; ¦.¦'..:.¦.••-¦
;• Strhf Gexiisi .W. Elder.. Randall. :7S -bbtiri
from Porilarid, vfa, Astoria: '.;...' "-'.. [¦', - .
. ?i Sfmr Moiitara t ": Reilly. -. .168 ".lours f rom : 6e
attfe.^'i V. .-.,¦'..¦• :'.'--.' ¦¦•¦.•.:'¦."..:. .-. ;..: :''.-¦'.., '¦:'•
' ,T<p ehlp. prumptafg^ McCaHuhs; Ofl aavafrein
.'Sytiriey.''- ' .- ¦ ¦¦'.'¦¦¦ • ¦'¦¦ . ¦' ¦ '.-.'¦ .*.-'" : ¦'.'¦'¦:¦ .••'•'. V.
;Birk Martha- Dayis, ¦¦McF«nL;:jS -dajr» frpm'
.li'ilo. :¦•¦.:. - : '- •:../•:¦•.•"••' V -• - : . :':':.. > --V."-'
: Schr- W*:A > -Carnpben : .. : .5 bt-jr* ffod ¦ Point ¦
Reyes. ¦¦..•;.•¦"." ¦-.. ; .:'= •¦ :: V ; ;...-:- v-:'v?v- -•'.:>: i -v
¦¦ .' •-.'. • .'.CLEA-red.. ¦¦¦¦•'.:¦¦¦:..•--..".••.¦
¦¦•..¦•.;- • .;. --; Monday, ¦ Febrwary. 29. .¦;
¦ Br' " Btm'r ' Claye'rlng, .- Barton. : Hongkong, .- via {
Porttarid,.' China '.Cpnirnef <-i*l S-.'.'Si- Co. : ; y.::.; : .'-. :
Ship|)ing Intelligence,
Frmetlnjes pc;ou*rs'."» The-, heights -given, ai* -in
ijddHlbn td.iftV sounding*, rrf '.the United States
Coa?t-.-.Siitve5? 'Charts, except When airu.n.qs (.— *
rtjfh' precedes. t'Ke height, ind. then -fhe number
given f»"sTibrracted.. from- the: d*pt-h gjvesi by
the charts-." The pian.e of "reference" ts'the meair
Cf tlje: jlovrtr Jow .waters^ .• ¦.:'.'..- ; -' ¦¦'¦'.:.'-:.'..
M0XPA.T. =rEBRUARYi». "
Thoma.**E. -Ore»n. Geors% 11: and "Bes*.le "H.
L#nt to'.Emanuel !-asar, lot. on. W line of
Buchanan etree^ 113:6 Sot Po6t, S 24' bj" W
S7:6: -?10.-. . ' ....
WOllam^TVolt to'Flora Ossesky, lot on W
line of Bu.rhanan . jtreet. C2:C".S of Fulton,- S
25 by \V S4; $l°,5fiO. ' . ' •"
Harry N. Hlckel. • William B. and Ella
r>cwlinr- to Kdwafd F. arid -\nnle E'. Franks."'
kit' on- S line <if" Tlei ma n^n street. 55:6'"VV. of"
Cfciiich." S 80:4"^, -".W 24:6, Xfi. 13:l.»i. "N 65, I
E'30; fi<>.. ... ... . . ¦ ¦ ¦
llatthaw and Catherine' Kavahag-h. .to. Mary
E.-.Ebner, lot on' E line- ot Stelner. «treet.-'10S
N of-Haieg, N 23:.1 t»v E 75;.'?.l6. '\ ' . .
Estate of ..ian>> ScjSbie- < by .George Bennett
and. A. .P., Black, executbre) to Julie DepJerre
iwifo of.E. Ueplerre); lot bii.NW conner-o*
FHImore and .Uak '.sueeie, t'W'- 84 bj- X r00;
JCbOu. - . '. ' . • . .: ' ' ' • . . • .
Aune. a.- Scfob'l-e'lo fame.' same; $10. ' ;
"Em.il De-plerre to Julie Depifrre, e^me; "gift.
Au-Jrey -c. '.and AlicA C Moore to Hilco K.
/Cs-her. lot *n tf line -.of Suttfr street. 1U5:9 W
of. OrvlSaderg. W 41::; by: S 11'3; $10. ;•..." *
. Frederick .T. -and I^eonora. • S. : Duhrlng 'to.
Harry Mcrtenscn lot on S line of Valiejo'et-r-eet,
.712:6 W of Brj>.3erlck, \V (Si:'l0, EW 141:5. E
3«:i».C. X'.137:«l; $J0. ¦
. Mar> K. IWiran < > ftenjarnln F. Currfef. .lo.t
en W line' of Kyon <=rre«t, SO -X 6f California;
.N 27:7'-,, by W 1«H>: flO. . " " - . •'
Kichard Kenner-ti> i'fara B. Henner, • lot on j
E line.'of Mavoolc avenue, 2.39" S of Wallfr j
street. K 2i bj- K l.'.O; dft. ' * . •" ;
Williarr. H. and -HM» ! M." Basse to '.Daniel I
F. L*ary- Iwt- on X lfn'e of . Sacrafnehto :*ireet',-
C2.C W of l>ocust," W 25 -by X 160: $10.- ' -
¦Tlli-hard <". a.nd Fl-ahk A^Jories to- A dele.' D.
Eec-olle. ipfon'K line of -Shnader street,' 125
t? of Carl. SJ25 by E 125; $10. . -. ' " 1
¦ Augustus J. jla'nfccn ti> Vincenzo.. J. and.j
" Marfeartt K BuchiKnaM. lot oh TtV line of -San* :
, i-bez street. 2»>4 X "of Fourteenth, -X "6. by' W
125: .$10. ..'I-'. . . ¦ . ".
Henry Rich to George J. Dean, .lot .on- XK
corner .of Severn eehrh and prosper streets, X
9l:T..»>y. E. 25:. $10. - • • . "¦ " "
n.- H. " Lloyd to Osmer K. and Adeline M.
<Tark; undivMed half of following: I>pt on SE.
ccrn»r of Twenty-fourth Bnd Do.lores PtreetPi
•K 25 by S 100; a!sn.!ot on \V line' of Forty
foarth.ayenw; 135 X from !>W corner of For
ty-fourth avenue and 1) street. W 100. X' 142_
XE S. E"l«3:l.- S 150: also lot on W line of
Forty-fourth* avenue,. JS5 8--of-'C »tre>t; W
>*»:£. .SW-13.*.^ E 63:11, X SO. E 120, N
100: $1. ' . • .v '.. . • .
. Fame, to Mary E. Keypr. lot on P. line of
Twenty-fourth street, 25 E.of Dolores, E 25
•by S 100: $fc -. ..:••
Frank Marvi-nl to Margaret Brady, lot' on X
line of Alta stree-t. 220 W of° Montgomery. W
27':6 by. N C8.:9. the grantor to have easement.
•for sewer purports, quitclaim doed': $10.
Henry I,. Dodre to Arlplied H'eitzelberg, lot
commencing on Turk street, at XK corner of
50-vara lot 1430, S t>T:H by W 28: $U»0. *
Agnes and Q. V. Hu-llivan -to AliceH. Kelly,
lot on XE line" of Fremont street, 114:? SE of
Folpom.'SE 23 by XE 70; $10. ¦ ' ."
Alice .11: Kelly to -Kelly Real Estate and
Mahk-et Company, same; $32,000. : • . • '
Anna and -Joseph Affolter to. Caroline. Drey-..
fuvs." lot 6n SE line of Minna street, 137:0 NE
of. Third. KB "17:6. by SE ; 8O : S1O. :
"William and Katharine: A, Kde to" Albert 'VT.-
Scott., lot orf.XK line of Seventh p'treet,- 12D-SE'
of Kerry.'XF. 43:10 bi BE .t*"p; $).•
. Jeremiab O.Cunnprto Edwa.rd U.« ferry, lot
oh SE- l'fne t<( Xatnma 'Mtmet^ S7t S\\' '6f ; Fev-.
enth.S\V C.""by"VE T5;-$2Seo. •- . .-" " '¦¦'-
¦Ru.th.-Mol.ay to' "Jleilrjr J. Juchltr; lot oh XV.
lifee «f Bryant street./ • ltfO S of ¦ Mariposa S 25-.
'by .\> -100; $10. • . " - ..." .. ° . ." : . ; . •'
.-.Olambatlwd. or' Gloxibatista a : nd .John Sera-'.
mag|ta. to'Zfllnda Jfchnam. 'wife ni Fred C^, lo£
on.^.linft <)f I^ke ? trert, 70 K of
1 atvenue-.E-'iO iny'X 72; $10. •.-•.. " '".' .' . •
E. B.'.irid Emma -C". Halletfand V.'. £ : " an.1
.Vesta 1j. Gee to Anba Connolly, kt: f/ri k .lln'e
¦Af *:ixth av.cnue, 300 "S of f^ake street, S. 23 by
¦ E 120;$10.c' . ,:• .¦ ' '. .. ' .. .- ..;¦ - -.
¦XV'illiani 11. Bar'r to John BuTgoyne. lQt-on.E :
•line -of Eighth avenue;- 175 :N of U street, "N 60
by E120t $10.' • ' ' .:¦ .¦".'. ' .- :¦ • .
- -6CBM to same, lot on Wlrneot Sixth avenue,
225 S of A street. 8.75- by .W 120; $10. ¦¦¦. .
¦ John and' M eta Burgoyne to; John A;' John
ston,' same; $10. : ; . . - : ¦ ¦ ¦. . ' :
I'aJoniares I-and Company, to Minnie Beck;
lot on -9 .llrie of C 'stneeti 1Q7 :<5 E of Forty
first avenue, S to. land of second- party, XE trj
¦C stFeet at jxilnt 12S:3- \\" of Fortieth avenut-;
W 4-.."l; also lot on E line Qf Forty-first, avenue, "
-275 S of O ttre.et. E .to land .of pecond party.
SW .to Forty-first avenue at point 144:6' X of'
D "street. X, ISO :(5; $10. : • .'
' Pajarp : VaUey -Bar.lc. Thoma*. and Emellrie •'
Beck to Same, lot on SW corner of Fortfeth
avenue and C street, S 239:3, SW 435:4. X
I 144:4. XE to C street. 129:3. W of Fortieth
a\enue. E 128:3: $10. . " • . . •'
Stephen -A. arid Mary li. Born to Samuel It.
Crooks, lot cm W line of Sixth avenae, 35 N
of I street.. N 25 by W 05; '$10.' ' . ' ¦ ',
GKy. Realty ('o.mpany (corporation) to Many"
E. G.-Amrath. lot on XV line jot Fourth, avenue,'
50 X at Hugo ftreet, X 25 by W S>5; $10.
Joseph W. Amratli to same, same; gift.
l^ouisa Bingham to. Aurellus E. Buckingham,
lot on E line of. Eighth avenue, .100 "S of I
street. S -25 by JEE 120; $10. ' . •
Marj: E. T>rwla and Eleanor V. I^ickmaftn
to John J.-McMahort, lot'on XV line, of .Twenty-'
-seventh'' avenue' 200 S of J street, S 50. by-W
12')^ —ift. ' ' *
¦ Andrew L. and. Ariadne Edwards to George
C. Clare, lot on E line of Tenth avonus, 262:0
X of X street. -X 37:6 by E 120; $10.
Alexander Foster to Margaret E. Galltvan,
j lot on'E line of Thhrteenth avenue, 125 X of
! -X Ftreet, X 25 by E 120; $10.
' Emma and Firederlck Boehme to Solomon
I Getz. .lot on .W Une of- Eighth avenue; 200 X
of O -street. %• . 25 by \\ r 120; $}0.
I . James Paine "to Charles R. Paine, lot oft SW
1 line- of Sixteenth avenue, 50 SE of Q street,
SE 50 by KW. J00. lot« 3-'and-4, block 332,
; OS. and H. Tract; $10. ' ' . .
j . Rowley Investment Company to Annie B.. or
I Roxannah A. Joyce, lot on SE corner of old
I Kan Joseroad and' XagVee street, £ 134:4, E
I 1115. X 25. W 25, X 105, W 125, block 3, -West
j End map 2; $]0. •
Fifoxannah A.- or Anna B. Joyce to Mary E.
j Alameda lot on S corner of San Jose' avenue
and Xaglee street. SW 81.20, SE 104:0. XE SO.
I KW I2S. block 3, West End map 2; $10.
: • Xichplas and Maud* MeMeno'my to Solomon
I Getz. lots 11 and 12, block C. Getz Addition- to
j Lakeview: $10.
I Henry J. and Alice M. Pfafrffle, J. J. Kerrl
! pan (by' Charles C. Morris./ commtFSi'oner) to
..Teffeifon G. J-amw; undivided half of lot 1,
block 25. Xoe Garden Homestead; .$500.
- Maria Stensoh to' Emlle *U Ducotey'and C-
Rkinn'er, lot on XE line of Holly street 58:3
XW of Crescent. XW ?9:]«,i. E 118:2. S 25 W.
103:3. lot 53. block 5, Holly Part"; $10.
I ; DureassoE. Goodmon and Lu'cretla- Thomas
" iGoodman) tcr A. A. Frledlarider, lots" 1556 to
lOep. gift map 3:. $10.
DahielT. ItonoVan to Mary E. Donovan, lot
5S. gift map 2': gift. ¦ •
!" Simon. Arthur and Amy R". Bachnian and
\ Enberg. ' Bachnian . A Co. to Oscar Heyman.
! lot on XW line of Chenery street. 3S8 SW of
Roanoke, SW .25 by NW J00, lot 159, block 3,
Fairmount I^and; $10.
j Estate of Mendel Esberg (by 'Matilda Es
¦ berg, executrix) to Arthur Bachman tame
I property as derrribed In order conferring eale
J recorded December 24. 1R97, Liber 1761 D. ISO
j order conferring gale abstract 1909. De
. cember 27, 1S97); $10.
HKAL 1 KSTATi: TKAXSACTIOXS.
Bullion ..*.. 11 12 Occi.l^ntal ...: 82 . S.1
falfdonia ...1 15 1 LM'Ophir .-' * 70 4 SO
Challenge -Con -::«' aijOverrhan :... «0 3-'
tThoJlar is 19JPotosl .<.:... l.JJ ; 18
Confidence. . ..I' 10 l-2<»iSa.vaBe ....... W . M
Con C & Va.l f.O I 70 Scorpion V 02 03
Con imjKrial. »C " Kl'Se* Belcher.. «7- 08
Con N- V *> 4 < R 1 Sierra N>v . . 63 54
<'fown. Point. 2.1 25 i Silver Hill .. 65 ««
East Fierra N OS .— ist I^iuis. .i.: — 10
Eureka «."on.. --. M\ Syndicate ... 0* 05
Exchequer ... 15 16'1'nion Con .. 85 .• Kfi
fiould & Cur. 4(t 42lftali -..' 21 22
Hale A- N<5rc. S>1 Ml Veiled- Jatk'et 47 IS
Julia 'V* - CSI , -.-¦:•
* ,' v: TONOP.Ul MIXES.
. Bid. Ask. I - * .Bl.d.A5k.
Co'ehan "V • 18 Ray Ton ... - 20
E?peranza ... — . 01 \ Ray & O\B.. . — ' W
Oorden .\n"h. — -2.">-Rescue 09- 10
Gold Mt Con. — «>n;Ton Bclmont.. "5^ r.«
Han M M&3. ~ lf.-Ton A Cal .'I — 1«
Hap Mutual^ -5- 25iTon Ext en.*. ' «5 .75
MacNanaara . 1« lpjTon of >'Nev. .5 SO • —
Mizpah mten. 1O • — ]Tpn N Star.. 32 35
Mont Ton ..1 2? 1 SOJTon Midway-. S9 40
Nev' Chief .. — .40;Ton &"S I^ake — R0
NT Tan... — . 02 Ton Superior. — 13-
Paymaster ... OS . lOiJ.'nlted Ton... — '13
Uay ExterV.... — 15! .. ¦ '
Continued From 1,'ag.c Fifteen..
COMMERCIAL NEWS
! LOS -ANGELESy $eb. .- : - 2$.— Closing
'argument .by counsel .in the. trial o t
Colonel-Griffith : J-. Griffith, ori aeharsb
.ol. attempting i& rhui;der; his N»lf« at
the Arcadia:- "Hotel; .Santa Mdnlea, ,oh
September 1 ?.' began: in. Judge. Smtth's
-division, of .the Superior Court to-dayV
The i case.ha« 'been .in ;court for nfeafly
¦ a mo.rith, . atid> expert- .-witnesses., have
been "brpught froj» S.aer.amento, . San
: Francise6 : and Snn Diego: to testify sis
to the_ defendarit's sanity. '-.. Three daya
•Trill be [corisurped by coUnB^l in sum-;
rnins- up the case ; for the prosecution
¦ and .defense. On- the. side of the prose
cutloti are ex-Governor Henry T. Qace,
District Aftbrney JFredericks, Isddor B,
ppcJcweileK and' on the ; defense Parl
R0ger»; former. .Judie J..-XVL';aicKinley
arid. LutMer' Brmvn: . District Attorney
Fredericks: 6p.en.e4 .to-day for the State,
Eestilib: ?of Sensational; Case
at HaM iii Saiita ;Hpnica
; Awaited 1 With; Interest
THREE DAYS! OF SPEECH
Argiunenti Wv and Against
¦ Colonel Griffitli : of Los
Angeles Is^ NawT i;occMin^;
LAWYERS NEAR
CLOSE OF CASE
DEATH NOTICES,
BRITISH BARK LUCIPARA REPORTED
A WRECK ON BEACH AT GUAYAQUIL
THE SAN;- FRANCISCO CALL'. -TUESDAY. MARCH i, 1901
14
r. 3. Idosahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
M0NAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
-SCS-^ll Mlxslon it., near Nineteenth,
ban Francisco. '.-.-..."-
James McGinn. Henry llanien.
james McGinn a co..
Formerly With McGinn Brc#..
Funeral Directora and Kmbulmer*
¦HI* Eddy et.: Tel. South 676.
{ " IPositiTcly cured, by these
[¦;:¦•.;- ;.'.V.UttJo Pills.' • .
I . Thzj also rcHera D.'strsss firom Dyspqjsfa,
1 Indigesiion and Tco lliarty JEating. A £ "*"-
, feet tezocdj for T>kzi:ics$ t Nausea, Drc^sl-
; a«ss, Bad Taste in the Jlouth; Coated Tcngua *
j Pain in the S:de,. TORPID LIVER. . They
! Reguiite the Eptrds; Purely- Vegetable. / ..
I Small Ptif. Small Dose*
\ ¦•; : Small Price r
Al#aya.ReaJ2=fcer the Fall J<5ffl« *
I axative Rromo QTzrnnia
Cores aCoM fa One Day, Ctfy m 2 Daya
'^'-J&'-iPTL'-Jfy • ODewy '-
I %Q. Sfcj£Zr&&%4* hot. 25a
j : . .,;,',:.. .^— r - ' J ' .
V - - ., . : -OCEAN. TRAVEL. •'
"• ]yi r \FT7''^.' ' Stsamers l<*ave Piers O.'a.i4 :
"''¦' j£x!3r t^*SU\. 11,' San Kutncuco: "' -
. /VrZl^lTySK ? or Ketchikan. -TV'fargf I. ¦
• rtJl/ ttBRSft *M Juneau, -Haines, • "SKagtjay. .'.
'|' [¦ 'aK^R I"} e V-- Alaska— 11 a. m.. Mat.r.
\"*^ '•• \i^7 %°f- '^- Changs- "to-" corhptfny. ¦.¦'.'
I" x5^ s -ill_>-'o jf- " «t(UU»ier at" -Seattle. . v ' .- • .- .
.'"¦¦¦ ' For Vli-toria. • Vancouver.
».; .- *r^7*^"- '-.'-Pfrt *Tov»nai;nd. Seattle. ' iv •'
J cToma, .'Kveretrt; Bellimjham— ll-a. .m. ; ,. M»r. L.;'
j«, li; l«l;'-:-l, $C*tt. Apr. S.* Chanite-at.-Seattl« .-
( to thiai-eojhpany'ft t'tegtmers for Alaska'and'- <?••;'¦
I: N-". Ry.-:. 4t' s*.o.attU; .or .Tacoma" to vNf.. 'P. Ry-<. '
at- Vancouver -to '(.'.. P. Ry.-' : .' '¦ .'•' ••*" .""•'
• -. For. EiiireiiM Humboldt Bay)- : -Pomona. .1 :30 '•
p.'rn.; 'Mar. .5,.'ll. l~.:23.'2a. Apr. 4. Sprakans.. -.
l;2»p.WC Mar: 2. 8', 14. 20. 2fl. Anr/ 1. *.•.-• •.":
For Lbs Port Los Ankele* arra- ...
;Ketl<5Tidd>,.San. piegto and Santa Barbara-^-Sanr- •
. ta. Roa, £ucda>^,' fl a. m. . "'. - .'."•.. •.-•".-;
' State 6'f Calif t>rhia. Thursdays, da. m. *. , •' .
For .Lb«— An'ftlea tvla Kan Pedro and East'-"
•Ban Pedro K .-.uita Barbara. Santa Cru?^ Mnn- ".
t'ereiviBjrn.'glineon. Cayuco*.- "Port Harf.oitl.4Sao--
Luls .Obtsp/J), V'&htura «nd Huenem«f. '• .."¦•¦••'•:.•¦:
Cdfts Bay. 9 a. jh.,"SIar. <*, 16-, Zi. Agr~tm'i
: :: WnJJja/e.i.- ¦hi:.- Mar. 4. 12.-2O. i"». Apr.- *».•••"• "."
":-'F$r-£'&9ertad i 8i-'Matrda1e'na Bay. 5an Jose'fl^!."';
¦Gabfo; .Jlrtzatlap. Altat*. La- Paz. P^nfa.'Ro* "*
Eiliav tiUiyTTTan- iMex.>.'. f>. a. m..' 7th; each •.•
irt^.i."!-.- : iv..r.fuf theu. information obtain : foWec-
-Rls-tlt- f*V|.eac> ved : to change atcamer» or sat'lax ..,
a TXC?KJ;T OTTtCZS^- 4 NeW . Montgpra- v
ery Hl^'iPalace.irotcl". lf> Sl.irkPtst". ami.Br.oaH-". .
yhky Wharves;; Freight office. ¦ !«- Markef-st.. ' ¦• •
'.'t':;p.' tvtJNAIfR, (fenernl Pasjensrer." Agent', ;• * *
•:::'-'.--' "Id Mirket . sf .. Fan Francisco.'- • -. •"' •"
TPf'Paclfii- Transfer rn.. 2f> Sutter.'yt.J -tr>U *,
calt ior. jtnfl.' 'oh"'lf bansatre fr«m -hotela-.an^'..
tesWencea: : -.Teleijhr)ne Kxchang* 312." *. *."* . .;. ¦_¦
¦V: ¦• ' v .'¦'. ' • AMSB7CAZT LINE. ' : * : ' "•; ; ;.-» •
¦' Plymouth— Ciierboarr — SonUiaunpt«n. ' ¦...
. ; Fr/im N«5w York SatmMays at "5»::i« ». !m.. / "•
New- York.-. J-.: IMar. \2 Zetland.Xrar.^.lft^Xam-.,
?^gf- raut. >..-..;.•_ ifar. i:»iSt..T^-.ui» ." .• : A pr. ;-
f '¦"¦- ATI.ANTIC TSAITSPOST IiIITE. '
• . • " :•'. IJ«w York — Icsdca Ditect. " " • ¦ ' ¦• '
L Meriorninre -.'. . .. ."- . .'. .". ...xl.ir. 12.-T»a."m. •;,
|.3BJtrtieipo"l»".:\ > .-,'. ...;.. Mar. iO, T'a.'-rnv
I Mesahjt' :• .v.':' '. '..-.'.. M a r..2rt." !>"*.- m*' .
ilthne'tTf^va- ...^ ." . . ;. ." .".".-.. . . V .-.¦'. Aj)V.'-2.. T "a, m.."'
•'.';•"¦ ..'drily flfFl-clai-s F»«scn§r» > .rs carjiei" " ; •' . •'
."••?;•'.•• DOMI17IOW LX3STE. * " : ".¦'¦..•':¦¦'.
Portland-^Iiiverpool— riliort sej«. ..passage. ••'
.«7anadi' \ .\.-.. . .'.Xldr. 1"Jir.f..-r?;rfc>n /. . ... .'v.Vp.r.. U*-
VantouVer .-.-. . .M:ir. SO l/a^ihr'u^n' . .''. . .Anr. }>:-
: HOLLAIID-AXS-ICA I.XNS. '>':,';:
¦ ... " •" Ntewr r fwin-«sc.sew ttiM::i>.-ra o/.l^,iuO. •'Kons.;.;-. :
New 'York— Kdttsr dan. Via Boulojrue,. '
¦-•' •'.'-. fc'atMhjf TutSii.i.va'ar..!'* a. : m.' . -.- • '..*•
¦Rott^nJarh ,'.-:. :\Mar. B£tat«adjun .^ '-". .Mar. ; 5». •
.Noordam "¦;..'• -vMtir. i-j.Pi;t?.l,'ni "..•.'. :';:.JApr. -5 -
•: V""-. •¦:-¦". " -".. BEiy STA3S LI^fE. • '•"• "." ¦'- • .
: : .-'. • : 2}*e^."*rcfTk — Antwerp— Parish- V ." -..•. .
• . ; Front New " YorV SatnMtam at 10:.";0. i. m. ' . -"'
V>d>'r^af.rt' . .-;.'U '. >r:tr. 13 T^bpA '. :. .: . .M"ar'.:3* •'
. 'Krpotilapd , ,. . .M;ir. KiKSnUnd X ... t .... ApiyS .
••. -•.'..¦•- vmrsT. stas line. ¦• .'.'.-... ¦ -.
v •• .Weur Tpr}t^-Qneeastoi»Ti — Llvtrpool. .': -•=
.'••¦.: •••'.••;-¦: ¦.SefUiR^ AV".io«i'0ay!<. ¦ • ". : . •"
..:i5cr«rir(; ..".i3Tar:!» ijoor.. Majestic. Mar^JO.ltra.m^: .
: O'elllc, ". ,llar-' 'l«"."-» P- n: i Arahir...Apr. 1.. .Vp.rh..""
; sfedrlc . .irarliV&^-m- .Ov-arsU". Apr. ,H.- lo.a.rfr.".
t ' ' ¦"¦¦'. B'o»tcn- : — Qneesitown — Liverpool. ,. •=" :
f^jniric.i. •./-•/.•.•...:• .".'Jar. IT. April I*. M»v 12-/.
;t*t»U*-»{ • »• ; - •"•.•"• ¦-•.-.•' Mar- ::i. AirH ._n
•eOSiOil *M*CDrTEEBA3IEAN SUT.TICZ.
¦ --AzorcSi. Gibraltar. Ilaplea. Oeaoa.. -.'
. : R.»N?iiJ > ICi....-."..»y.Mar. 11', ,\pr.*r;. Mas -**••
RRPVBM«^'<ne«i*V •' - • Maf-.\M-
•R<JiIANIiJ-,.:..V;.\....»ftir'.l O.Mav ik.Jbn*-, H.-
; .C-.U-.TATiLOt:; Pdssers»r A?rnt Paclnp -Coajt: .
."." ?'.;'. ••...-¦-"•. :Cl- : Posi ?t.;"-S.m Frmn»-Hco. . .•_ •. . *.
j.; ™^^"^"^!^^^
.?• ¦¦•"" V*ANt>Vti ; . ""»¦•. .:.'.>Iac.".i-. 23. May 2S : . :
¦/ '¦'.• jv.ifi:.v:t.ir.:'(r.t*.) .¦:.- * :.*tar. 2* *
'i'. .;¦' J;P\LANiC I.;."..;.":. Apr. 0. May 14. June IS !
.1- ':-.' -("BeVtl^cr-rattij -and.. Ulustrated. book lef'Vv '
• : "•'*r*:eSe: : .'stear.ier6-: 'are the "largest In the
.'I.' "'i!'.>di'tVr«afiff-'servix-e.- .: .*",•.
•I. ¦¦-.'5Tr.Si-;e!ass, '5e5;.iip^arjt!. _. •_ • .'."•
I ;;;Ep)iifeLlY3rpaoI: Qn.«Sio^i •
"I "CYXlUfC}. i-.;...i : :Maci .17, -,\pr. 14. May 12 :
.!• •' cn.E'tU? -v .',!..¦ :..;.:¦.•». V Mar. 3t. Apr. 2S
.' -. : - lfftjtjXHtam, Xitf 'tituX. $.GT» upward, ac^ord-
."---irSjr to- Kt'am^r..' For plan^.*etc., address.
¦ ¦'. WHITE -^TAR -LINE.'. 77-81 .State. »t.,
. 'Bos'tot). '.rr.t-o (\'p.-T-\VTf.<pR, 21 post gt.
ySv0,'V/^>---4^' Ni, CO.
t..' OT.EQ<Sn ml!!,< M.arc'h 8. IS. CS. Xprjj "T." IT.
tSt^TAmy l.tivii-lf. .S.S.-.Ort)?on is temporarily in
J. s'efvlee* -in.-*'Ja'i \ { f t!T» "CoUimbla. OEO. W.
EL>n:r. wilN-Mar^i-:;. 1*;. 2?s.'AvsfcZi-t2>.t%
JK.iy "i a'TuVj;. ffwly. stehrhsjilp line \<J roRT-
1 l.LAKD.-'OR!," irtft' short, rail .-line from Porttefid.
: {• 1q -«klr p6iht9.E^'st..Tlirouj!ti't|cket3 to all po.tm«.
.aH ><*!! "ci'-'-s ream ship, a'n'd .raft, at 'LOWEST
•".U.-VTJ"£?."/ Stcani>-r tR-ket.3 Include bertli a"n<i ,
"1" rp't-ais. : - St^^m«r"-!!allB-"foo'£. of ; Kp«»ar St.". at 11
• "*. jn. P. V.- ¦COOa-U.-rr^iV. *V*t-. Pass. Dept.. t
• MontKTTWPTy *t.: -C CI^H^FOR.D, Gen. Agents'
."( Frelsht'-IVpt:. .** lton;"5qmgry gt. "
r AmericQn m
V- V &l-w'eeil3T Twta-5f r^w Service. ; •
'¦ ¦*" Pot Plymouth, cacrboarsr. Harabrfrsr.
: Patrr-cla" "..Feb. 27|*Bluecher Mar. 2»
:*»a!o|'tk.e"*. Mar. *I;*Moltke .'Mar. SI
'*(, r.mor»s*. .^ ...... Mar TJ! Pennsylvania ..Apl. i
.r.'Wa' 1 *\eCJee* *. . . .Mar. -13 'Deutschla nd . .Api. I
• '"' •Grillroom-- and gymnasium* on board. o
.'.• : "iiA5jB*aaa-AMirEieAjT uzrs.
¦; '* Offices;' S3 arid. "7 Broadway. New Terk
..- HBR^OQ &"CO* 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST. *
' ' S*.' S. -SlERKA. fof UqncCu'lu, Eaftnoa,. Auck-
• '"'Jand and Sydney. Thur.. March u, 2 p, m .
. ' S.S. ALAMICPA.-.for Honolulu. Mch. 12. 11 a.nu
" S." S.. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, ilch. lS.'M a.m.
f 'iJ..'?lJ£!«U*B23i.B8..lja..T6i!:Sa.!«Eartita
• lss£UZ£i.ill IJ-rt:: ?L.fir I*u,7;?ac*e !L
» tOM?AGHIS *GE5tSAI.t TIU531TI.\NTI*IJ1
' DIRECT LIXE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j,*.^'
• falling every Thursday instead of •^rSjjn'o
'I.Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. >^^sTP' 1
•| Ncrth River, foot of M>;rton st. MTlB
A .Ffrst class to Havre. $7l> and upward. S<k:-
! ; end class to Havre. $45 anil upward. CEN-
1 I ERAL AGE1NCY FOR UNITED STATES A.N1>
I- CANADA. U*J Broadway (Hudson KuUiMi.ci,
.4 N«?w York. J. F. FL'GAZI & CO.. Pacific C"oa>c
, Acnts. 5 Montgomery aTenue. Sa"t> Franclscoc
¦ Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
- ' Mara Island anfl VallBJo 8t»am»r«.
r Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO^T
8:45 a. m.. 3:13 and v.::o p. n>.. except Sunday
. Sunday, 0:40 a. in.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vall.-jj
, 7 a. m.. 1--.00 and C p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
• day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 6o cents. Tel
Main 150$. Pier Misalon-st.. dock. HATCH
I BROS.
• WBiy Gal $1.00 iierYesr
CRANFORH— In. tni*. clt>\ February M, 19W.j
Mary -Anna, beloved nite of the late John j
A. CranU/id-. m'rtlwr <¦( James A.-. John 11.-,
sn<J Mar? A. Oinford. "and . daughter of j
the late -lamps I), and Eliiabeth Keith, a.
ti8ti\*> of -New York City, aged 43 vears" > i
mint hi- and is day*. " .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully United to attehd t»ip funrral to-morrow
• Wednesday ». at 1 o'clock, from the chapeV
of Chart*-* H* J. Truman & Co.. 19C9 Mi»-
*if>n fiwt, h«-t»«"-n Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
« Vernation Cyi>i<-5i> Lawn. Cemftery-, Uy car-
riage.' ¦ ¦.•-!-..:¦¦¦"..*-." .- ¦ '
dri:mmoxd- is this etrK; rtXrvarr'H. iwx. '
et h»s residence. S03 Oementlna street.
MttttA H.. belpvcd husband of Ma! la Drum- |
rri.ond. father of JpFt-ph and- Stephen 'Dru'm- j (
m'ond. M»s. Maria Ault and Mrs. John Shea- i
non. a native of Ireland. a*ed C8 years- 10 j,
months and 16- days. *•' ' :. J,
-CT Friends and acquaintances are respect- 1 c
fuily Vnvfted t*i attend a requiem mass to be ,
¦.?lebrsted for the re^ojie of his *oul . to- J ,
m«rrrnv « Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, at !
6t PatriefcVQmrefc, Mission street-, between ¦
TVird and Fourth.' Interment" private. Holy.
«;rnfy"Om»-trry. Kindly. omit flowers. ' I,
FANX1N<J- In tht" -.< ity. " February 21. lfKM. j
Jchn Ka-nning. a native of Ireland, a*ed 72
FERRKR-In this Jty. February 29. 1904. Ra- ]
£«e( Labrot Ferrer. lvlo\*d husband or Jo- [
**<i L. Ferrer, and father of FHrinda and !
Tran-is. Wrrr r. a native of "Granada, f palrr, "j '
afr-d >'«r*'«nd 1" months.
|Crk«>mKins af parWc of Vaiente, Ma.)
rini-'*- >v>.. IT.2* Sfy-kton *treet.
FREDERICKSON— In this city. .February ,S«. »
I?** CDriktUlJ bel«v«d father of Thoward ,
Frederk-ktfon. and Wither of Em'.Ia Freder- .
S'.kson. a native of Denmark, aged Or years I
r. month* artd.2O -<la>*..' •
Zy Friends, and jjequEinttfncrs are reject- ,
fullv "in\it*-il t<-"> «;te"nd. t»ie funeral tcS-day ",
• Tuef'-Jayr. Ft \<> rfilixk, from hi* late r f «=i? j
<1»nc«*. .*. .<=hirtj\v *4reet. .Interment Cypress
Lawn- Cemetery- ;..•',":¦
FRIK.r»M'AN-. In'-thi* vity. Infant *cri cf Sam- ¦
i^l .6;d fJfrtrurte •Friedman. .
FlRGtPuN— Irr.th.ls. olt-y,. February" 23. 19^4.
."•i"mes,. b*lo\ <vi non of.-Jajneii and JervnW*
KurirtVon. an<J brother of Jatner. Engup and'!
• . TBuvia'c Kurjrlfon rfnd J^nie* and Davle : Maji- |
. .- T:t3l',.'a rwiive* of'sran Francisco, aged 1 >ear
¦ ernj VI daj» ¦• . •• " " . *- *
'C/CRUCK.--(n* "tbit cijy; -Febroary 2*. • I**.
'. Vannie. 'ilearly .'I'Vlcved v-'tfe of the late
V.P>inicti" OarlP-k-. and'fdriHS^d mother of Mrs.
" •¦¦.^t"arles..K.;.Mapkn'.an.".Mis. .1 . B. Ooldstonc. .
.-.•M'T5. '.!' "B.. Coi 1a!-'<>Fa#.*.Teu,r nnd* George.
"•• O«l lick". : Mrs, W. E. Hblbrook. Mrs. Colgate I
¦- Baker-JV . <ft»rmerlv Fred?-C:al!ick>. and the]
". lfe<f~Falila.n Garlfck." * .native of Germany."
%faiSf4r43i 'Xear*. 'and- « .months.- <"-Netv York', .
• « ¦J<ir»E<y..a'nd^.".'I>u"is pabers 'pleaee cop>'.-f. : j
: ¦'. cy.FtiCTid? and' -acflyalnjances-are : _r*spert- \
"v .f>i"I.iy ."-tiTt i:»fl to' atter.'d the funerai-' to-day j
'. .-,<."K:.e5'i»i>'- at, 2 b.'.clock." "tromher late- resi"- 1
"- ' A'-oVje.V. i^l fteinfcr street, fcetwee'n Hermann-|
V-'-f!ii<!/CC\"£l!tr. ' l.r.texmenl 'jyivate,- Xe«y- Salerii j
'•JCfttfrtctVij:. ';-.•¦ ;". " '¦.'¦ * . ' . .".,":
r'QAjtC^^fa Ha.v Kebroary. 25,. j
. '•..1!>r f 4. "Mis.. Holmeo' Hakes/, mother of Mr«. j
*.-"¦;. yrMa flake* Mltthel! of -this cify. Mrs. I>.'.j
' /'it. • Ifea"ton <¦% Hay Springs. Nebr,: DavtJ
».--HJiVct* iff, CmjfcTBW. Mo.; George" HaVes of
". "^feTjfOrlran*. -apd grandnioth,er of Holme* H.
; :;:>lit"<he:i. -llarn \v. Mitchell' and Mri. .Vk>-
**'V^ - llcOCftf Ot this city." a, native,
¦•.*.» r" ly^i'itutk'y: : *f «l"St year*. ' •' ' •¦ j
'arCf/ES— l'n- '¦-< (akiand,' ' February CS. 1904.. j
•„- ..Elf.-atfth", bVlT\:tft wife of Richard H'JRhe^.-l
-.mtii -UAwv-inf-- ni^fcard. -'John .sj\d' iJavid \
••Vfjuphss 'ai/<f '\he. : John ' 'vYorthinKtpn, a .na- '
¦:!-'Jivt''"t7f"..\\al€5-.,?f<-d C7 years .2 mbnths'aiid
*.''4 : ..d2ys-..;.. '.'. : '•' • .' • ¦-
".-."" ..¦.•Ci?'F_ri< i <n'ls;;an<J a^QCaintam-es a»» respecl-
".'." ful'.y. CntU^d .to -attend -the funeral services
•.-.*pu"«*s'aey..-'aft.«-rnooa. March 1; a( £ o'clock.
'¦-"-.jit-;fl<. 'We lsh-'fr-rsbyrecia.n «'hurv;h. on Har.-
. 4" 4"**<>if".ArTc.t."- Mafn' Thfrteenth and Four-
'_•"•";. |»ei^t& O«lll«o*- hiterment Mou.nt^ih .View
'•-*"CeriV?ury. '• • • ". * - • . . • ¦ .' ¦ '
»ni.\PS=- ia. Vi&kland. Ckl4 .Febrtiar>- 2S. W*. ,
. T-"i>nliur." 5Vr. "Jonep. »*toved. pon -of-.Mrs. M. F:
: •..l''fi«f*. ¦'.TT.-thef.' of.. Mrs.- J. ".!.' t>avt.s ard' An-
/ '••jji';'\|oc^. :-^ahd ¦uncle .of Gertrtide .-Roberts; I
'." . if .rrtatfv'f "«f -.-Virrtnla -CUy, New. deed ¦ Si i
, .' ;» MTii> arrtf ; S; da > s.°. ' . -." • '• - " " . . j
•"^<E.thj --jir t-hjVf ity. February 29. lfW*. Kati- -,
.--.-;:^t^ : KflI>v"dearry. b<^lo\ed daughter cf Kate .^
:*,"B.na" : t'fie "late. Mortimer Kelly/ and'Fister tin"
• • .4..hn-.M.'-and;Tnocnas E. Kelly. Mr*. A. 0.
¦.--. i'<VairniMTifan4 th* late Nellie T. a-rid "Alice J
>. .^r.-.lx'V-lfv-/. a .tiatr\e of 'Virginia . City, "N>v'.' '
. ."'. "^"ir^iVfia '. City. Ne*.-. and Washington, • L»: !
i S<'~:.i'aiirjf • Please copy-.) « -'-.
./ ,'v^?'Fyienfjf> ac«juairttances 'are respect-* |
¦•.¦'!•. iiili:.*.invijed' to attend the funeral to-morrow i
..'-¦ ¦¦•"u'ednefdav.i." at- *>.:3(>' o'clock, from the -par- |
Y: : -.-l' ; rV-of +he .I'-nited' I-'ndertakers. 866 Mission)
:.-''.-.Mreet; between Fourth and Fifth, tlience'to!
;*,.:'-Kf..".r!r.rricR's /Tiurch." where a." requiem rea!»s i
'.v -..-r-jil f>« i-elebi-ate^ for- the. rejiose of her foul, f
'¦:..'< .inrtnv-nolni; .at !9 o'clqck. ..Interment Holy I
.-.'r'./.'S-ojw-Venfeterj-.;' •¦• . ¦ '¦ . ¦'!
;.Kr:iXY;-.ln'oaklan.d. C«K. February- 23. I9t>4. !
;. '.¦i'raTir'is • C.- KeUy.' belev«d Nisbajid of the j
• .".yis'f>" Margaret' K*lly. and father Qf Mrs. Ed-
' -.- -*war°d-Ner»on:-Mrs.. A. J. Trimble". Mrs. E.'. R. i.
• '•'.AVliitiker. •«)»: Jose Colon and. the late \V1I- [
•'.V .liairi- and Frank- Kelly, a. n*t^e of^ County j
•• 1 *vJ'*2? 'J*'*M.' ae^d «H year«^ • . ' " .•]
• ¦_:'. ;." CT'T-Nottce «>f' funeral hereaTter. . ¦...•.!;
."fenTTLn— In this, "c-ity." February" 28, 1904, J
•;-'-:iItrr\l belo\ed *.'ife of the late William "Ket-I
•. f >, : -.jird mother. Of* Wilijami J"oi-*ph and.'
;• ¦ Nisrriie. Kettl';.. ani" t.-h" lat> Winnifried Kct- |
.¦/"..'»'« kt&.yS* •lat"" Mf?.. 'Michael O'Connor, a!
'."¦-iiai.ixe" Viri -«Vunty -Galway,. Ireland, aged' 4li
.- *&mx*Z' :¦' c • •. . '-. •••.•.¦
"". .. -,CX»ifnds "a.nd ;arquaintance? are- respect-
.' ".¦"rony invitcd.--.t'» ."attend the- funeral to-day
'v "* itu'eBdawi. at !»"»'clo^k. -from her late re*l-
" ••«]«-'b<*-. •2r<64 AjerKft. street, thence to Sacred i
•.."."Hea.rt. rhur-h.. »\iere "a -requiem high ma"?s
... Tifl)'. h'p i't lebiated for the repese cf her soul L
i ••^•©mrnen<"-iiig |t-"9S0 o'clock. ' Interment" Hojj
'¦••,'-' rosjs.Ojmtthri". " - " ¦¦ ' ." .•¦.'.-
McOdKAU>-^If this- cjtt". Februftry 27, if^M,
• .-- \Murdock Mclxmalfi, .a. nfftlve of' San F.ra'n- I
¦.- < fsof*; •jr"d •Sl.jreafc. .• • * • • '. ¦ j
¦.Mi"LA s tGIlLI.V--In.. this • city.' FebsuaVy -2P, *
.. . 19-H.. Bricf^ft Stcl^aughlin.- wif» of thelaJe I
. :.\!srph-^lctjktif;\>'ln- arid beloVed mother of ¦
... .Joseph; Wiliym-and. Fca'njt McLaughlin, and
¦•. kistfcr .oT >!rs A.- -Digging and the' late'
•" -.WjJliam.. McEUigctt. and grandmother cf!
,-. . Eveta. Hanty and XlMUle McT^ughlin ' a ',
— fmtive '<« Ir»!amJ. -a^ed 49 years and- CJ >
. . ..days. ¦<5\.a«h'inplon. TV. C-. arid . Virglnl* i
. •• «:ity. paper* rpUi^e .copy.) . .... . !
. . C^Fri»nds are^ resprtetfollr invited to at- !
t»nd 'the- funeral Tuesday; March 1 "^t S"13 r
. .- -«clpck-. .from the reft»i»hce of her son: 2C5
•••Virginia avenue, off- Mission street, between
. -Twenty- ninth* and" Thirtieth, thence to St
r ."PauI'K Church Where a "solemn requiem mass
will, be 'said for th" repose of her soul • In.
. • terment Holy Crosi <;emetery, by electric
tar .At •!<) o'Hock from corner of San Jose
•ivfnu*. and Thirtieth" street.'
WinnUETON— An. anniversary mass will be
«*lebrated for the. reposp of .the soul of th^s
late Ahtoia .Mlddletoh <nee Kennedy) be-
. ioved wife of, the late Arthur Middleton and
.liel&oJ «i«er of M*rs. .JErnest 'Barada, - at
• # .«t. Boniface> Crrjrth, • Golden Gate avenue
• .W«anee^lay. March 2. at 8 ' o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are invited to attend.
MOORE— In Alam<4a. <"al. 'February 29* l»04
\\ ellesley ZM. l^loved'and only son t)f Well-
. lesley-Moore a.nd" Bf-rtlia Louise Moore, a na-
llve rtt CaJ.1fornia. br«vj S yoars.-
. . -t7futn-f»l at'Unrmjln I'mmantlel Church
l.afaye<te street, -.betweeh Santa Clara and
Central avroue*. Alanvda. at 2 -o'clock-
. W tflncJday, Marcli 2- Take 1:15 o'clock narl
Tdw jeauge -beat to. Chestnut street. : ¦
o MORROW-In Oakland. Cal.. February °3 j
. 1IK«. Georg*' V.. beloved husband of Xanr y*'
J. Morrow. - and. father of George W and t
Jlachcl "a-njUve of San Fnanclsco
«urcd 46 ycar» 1 "tnohUr and <4 days.
• Ml'IR— In tbis city, February 2S, 1904 Fran- I
: ces, beloved wife' of Wiyiam Mulr. and Mstex !
of Mrs, • Janet. "TodhunUr (ft Sacramento a!
native of Wisconsin. • ; '. ;
C7Frl«pd« and acquaintances are refcpecf- I
• rfilly. Invited '.ta. attend the /uneral sen ices !
to-day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the par- ;
. tor«.of-the Western Addition - Funeral Dl-
rectore. K24 Deviradero street, between Kut-"'
te.f.ahd BuBh'.--.-Inten5ient Hicksville, Cal '
p<m arrival' of train leaving Sah Fra'nci?>co '
• Wednasday, S:30 o'clock a. Vn. • • ". . .i
OFFICERS and ' members of San FranciWo
Hive N.o. 8., L. O. T. M..- are' hereby notified
« to attrnd the funeral servicei of our lat«
• Lady Commander. Frances Mulr, • to-day
¦(Tuesday). «t .2 o'clock, att the parlors of 'the
Weatern Addition' Funeral Directors. 1714'De-
vlsaOero street." between Sutter «nd fjiisli
By- order. . JESSIE .M. CONSTANT.
¦ • Lady Com. oro tern ;
C. M. GIRARD, R. K." .
TETERSOX^-In thus city. February 27 1901
Annette Oirlstln*. beloved wife of-Gustavi
Tetcrton, and • beloved mother of Ellen
Augusta Peterstfn. and. swtcr. o.'f J. A. Peter-
K>n of Galveston! Tex.l .and Frederick Peter-
son of Oland, Kwedcn. a native of oiand
£»-eden. aged 45 year* 7 months arid -3 day*'
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect j'
fuily invited to attend .the* funeral to-dav
<Tuesday). at 1 :30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3005 ' Harrison- street, near
Twenty-fixth. Interment Cypre'sa Lawn
Cemetery, by electric car from Sari Jose
avenue and Thirtieth street.
BCRIVEN— In this 'city. February 27. 1904,
Richard Scrlven, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 74 years.
. SrHEPARD.— In this city, February 28. 1904,
Mary Ann Shcpard, a native of Madison
County, ti. Y., aged 68 years 3 months and
19 riaye.
yORXIN— In this city. February 29. 1904,
Continued From Pare Thirteen.
".Alexa'ndrp Fornin. b.»I«v.ed' fatJipr of' Noerri.ie j
¦gprnln and Mrs. -A- de St_ Germa.ln. a native
of Lyons. . France, aged '78- >\e'ars. & "morUhs
'and 12 days. •"..-•.*"'
VVHITEHL'RST;— Jri" Uii* "city.".' February 29.
1904, James I., Intent "ron of John a"nd. Mary
Whitehurst. a .native of S?ffn Francisco, aged
"2 months and -7 days. :" '.- ¦• - '-. ".
TOpNG— In tliis * city. February 29, l!>04, ;
.Jero(m»i E. Young. bHrwed husband of. Mln- j
nlf H. Younc. a- native of Tcnnease<\ aged ?
.43 year* « mont.li!" and 2:" days.. (Chicago.
III.,- and Stockton, Cat., papers please copy.)
ADVEBTISEMSNTS.Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 6s.ll9miO*4
Bay CPC 6s. — — Do 5s ....110%m*4
Cal C. G 5s. — 1O4»4 Do con. >s. 100 103>£
Cal G & E g Oceanic 8 5». — 75
* m & ct Os. — 104 Om Cable «p.123 —
Cal-st C ; 58.116% ll'tt Pac G Ira 4s. !)4 98
C C Wat 5s. — 100. P E Ry 5s.lO5U '-»•
Ed L & P 63.125 131 P & C H fls.lWJli —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
UNITED STATES BONDS.
• Brd.A«k.f Bld.Ask.
4a qr cpup..lO7%10SH Us qr C p newl.12*, — •.
4s arrcg...lO7VilO8»4l.'5s qr coup. .lOGVilOTU
MONDAY. Feb. 29—2 p. .m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Business In local securities was quiet again
yesterday. There was something doing In gas
stocks In the afternoon and Gas and Electric
Fold higher at $57 75, while Mutual . Electric
sold «it ?10. . . '-.¦'-.
. The California Gas and Electric Corporation
announced yesterday that it had acquired th»
properties of the Standard Electric Company
of California and the United Gas and Electric
Company. • The Standard runs power from
•the mother lode to the bay -and the United
operates aroun«l the bay. The board of di
rectors of the California met yesterday after
noon and formally took over the two properties
and will assume charge to-day.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Pacific Coast Borax
Company, regular .monthly.' $1 per share,
amounting to ?l».00O.
The .'.Giant Powder Company Consolidated
has declared Its regular monthly dividend of
50 cents Der chare, payable March 10.
The Ophlr Mining Company declared a divi
dend of £3 cents per share yesterday.
Local Stocks Quiet, ' With An
other Ophir Dividend.
The unsettled weather and the breaking up
of the country roads that will . follow caused
considerable commission-house buying of corn
early in the seFsion, and the market was firm
in view of the weakness In wheat. -Tha,mar
ket, however, naturally felt the effects of the
eevere decline in wheat! prices and 'the profit
taking due to that weakness. - The selling was
mainly by longs. . The May. option . showed
greater firmness. than July owing to .the scarc
ity of contract corn." The ' close J was steady.
May opened unchanged to He Wither, at 50*jic
to 56*£ C .' After selling down to 55»;c the mar-
CHICAGO, Feb. 2»: — Under an a\'alanche of
commlsslflri-houFe selling, w.hlch" set in shortly
after the vop'enlng -to-day, -fhe whe'at market
went . to" pieces, extreme- weakness prevailing
tho greater part of the day. The opening on
Ma*' .was *fcc .higher to 2*ic lower at $1 01*4*
to |l'03fi.. July was unchanged to %c lower
at OCVic to »6"ic.' Around $1 O2»4*.the May
option hehi steady -for a time on' a /air com
mlssfcn-house dem.tnd, .but there was great
difficulty' experienced *in lillinc selling orders,
as the general Inclination .was to sell: The
If adln~ long had May for 'gale. The impres
sion prevailing among the dealers was that
he had practically closed out his doal in May
wheat. With the big operator out- of the mar
ket for "this, delivery, smaller holders became
urgent sellers. Commission-houses also Joined
in' the movement. ' For a time it looked as If
there was no bottom -to -the slough. Into which
the market had fallen. From around $1 02
May dropped eunddenly-to 09% c, a loss of prte
cisely 4c from- the high point of the day. July
wheat went down to 03%c, or 3%c below the
toi> figure. There was fome buying of July
by the big trader, who had apparently Just
closed out his May line. . Shorts also bought
moderately, the result being a partial recovery
In prices. The close was fairly steady at the
decline, with May at (1 01. July closed at
94V,@04%c. • ,
. .Future Grain and Provisions.
SIAEKETS.
STOCK. MxVRKET.
Morning Session.
300 Evelyn 33 IOO Ton Belmant. 57
50O MacNamara . 19 500 Ton Belmont. M
100 Mont Ton..l 32S 50O Ton Belmont. 59
100 Paymaster ... 12 20O Ton Belmont. CO
200 Ray * OBrlen 99 S.TT Ton Midway. r.u
IOO Rescue ...:.. CO V'i Wild Goos«..2 SO
Afternoon Session. '
4C0 MacNamara . 19 200 Ray * OBrlen 09
40O Mont Ton..l 27*4 400 Ton Belmont. 60
500 Mont Ton ..123 20O Ton Belmont.- 19
ICO Rescue Cd 250 Ton Midway. 40
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Feb. 29 — i p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid.-A.sk.
A1l>h - M C7 Justice M 07
A fa 07 09 Kentuck 02 0.T
Andsa" 43 49 Keyea Orae«.. — 1 75
Belcher 3*- 3* Lady Wash.. — OH
Beit & B«lch.2 15 2 SOiMexican 1 TB 1 SO
Following were the files fln tlie San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANaE.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific *
Stock Exchange yesterday:
i. Morning S«ssion.
400 Belcher 32 100 Ophlr 4 70
100 Caledonia ...1 IS 60 Ophtr 4 so
IOO Catedonia ..1 17Vi 50 Ophir 4 S5
IOO Challenge Con 38 IOO Savage 54
200 Chollar 21 IOO Savage r>C,
100 Chollar 20 300 Savage BS
450 Con C * Va.l 65 IOO Silver Hill .. 6G
400 Hale & Norc. 93
¦ t Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 31 100 Julia «'4
ICO'Chollar ..-i.. 20 IOO Overman .... 32
200 Con C & va.l 65 IOO Potost *7
2fO Crown Point. 23 20O Sierra NeV ..- 5T{
200 GouM. A Cur. 41 SOO SUv«r HU1 .. «*.
Produce..
Receipts o
FOR MONDAY. FEBRUARY .29."
Flour "qr sks .. »."&' borts. sks ... 200
"Arhfa't ctls ...-. -t.21- r - '«lt!«. No. .... 1,700
•Rarley" ctl's .... '2.24f *1dpj. No. '..-.. 3<14
Corn. Wfst ctls l.CTC "Sugar, ctls . . .-. 3.PC0
Bears, sks *¦ S.7PT Leather, Tolls '. . -21-0
I*ot«toes sks .'. 4,080 Wine, gals 57-.55ft
Onions "?U3 ... 14 Tallow, ctls'... 10
•Brant sks 4«5)l.lme. Bbls .:.. 408
•Middling* sks".. 105|Paper. reams .. 1,905
•Hay tons «*70> ,_•- ;^- ¦ <¦.
;: : oregon. • r-'' *
Whrat. ctls.,.. 0.R21I Potato's. .. 1,708
; Giant Powdeii Company .has declared dlvi
de.nd C3 of 5Cc a share. v^:-;'
Stocks of Fruits are broken to almost noth
ing and Pears and Kectarlnea are about clean
ed up. Peaches* and ApHcotg are fractionally
higher' and very firm, with a fair demand.
Prunes are quiet and easy. Nuts are steady,
with an advance in Almonds, Hon^y is quiet
and tmchangeu". ¦ ¦ . .
FRUIT — Apricots. 8V4@10*4c for Royals and
8di2c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. *M&
5%c;' snn-dfled. 3%®4Wc: Peaches, 1 3© 7*4 c;
Feare.- S@llHc;- NectarlneB - *»@5>^c; Figs,
white.' S®4<! in boxen; black. 4 "4c; Hums.-pit
ted. f>Q8e per pound. .
;/ PRUNE6— 1803: crop, 2*4@2%c for the . four
sizes. . • ¦ . ¦ - • ¦¦'¦¦•'¦ • . ¦ ¦
RAISINS— The -.. AModatlon announces th«
following new prices for 1804: Standard grades,
50-lb cases— 2-crown Loose Muscatels, 5Uc per
lb: 3-crown. 6%c: 4-crown, 6"4d; Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4V4c: Seedless floated, 4 Vic; 2-crown
Malaga loose. 5c:' 3-crown Malaga loose. 5-% c:
Seedless *. Sultanas, ' unbleached. 4 %c;' Seedless
Thompsons. ¦ unblencb»d. ¦ 6*4c. • Layers, t per 20*
lb box— 6- crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dried Fruits,Nnts,Raisins',Hone\.
Trade. In thi Oran^fi market was unusually
lively 'for 'Monday despite the unsettled w.eath
e'r. The milder terfperature.-of the.past few days
ueenjed to stimu.ate the ilomand nnd dealers
who had been carr'ylng light stocks last week
\-ere busy- replerishlng their depleted storps.
l.'hices ot nil graUes were • firtn-er' but the
standard and choice grades showed the- most
activity. «Aii »' result of .the Increased demand
In^the open marlect the. auction sale was well
attended ny Job! tr& and the bidding was more
spirited than for some little while back. El^ht
"iNirs, including t**'o of extra fancj Redlands
fruit, were sold. 'The managers of the nuc.tlon
bought in the two cars of extra fancy fruit, at
pilcee ranging from $1 40 to %'l 40 per box., the
top price .being ' bid only for one let of twenjty
boxr§ of the "largest size. The othe» six cars
sold, as follows: Fancy. $1 ftSol «0; choice,
$1 10(51 45; standard. 7f.c®?l 05. Mexican
Limes were, closely cleaned up, but- prices were
no higher, bs th& ptenmer due next FrIUay Is
expected to bring "liberal supplies. The other
Citrus fruits were plentiful and prices had no
quotable variance.
'The market wa9 < overload.!*" with common
Apples, which were being offered at reduced
prices, but to no avail. The medium, and fancy
Kradest were In ample supply, but nrmly held
at previous prices. ¦ Ripe- -Bananas were; Mill
plentiful, "but continued to meet with a fair
demand. • ' . ' ¦
APPLES — §1 75®2 per box "or extra fancy;
$1 'X><Q\ 50 for ordinary fancy, S5c@$l'- for
choice and 35(3C. r K! for common.-
PEARS— Winter Nellis from cold storage (re
packed). $2 B0«"l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50?fi2 ."VO
per box for fancy.- $1©1 50 for choice and Socfl
$1 10 for standards; Seedlings. .50c©$l; Tan
gerines. 50ctT$l 25 per box: Lemons. $1 75!g;2 50
for fancy, $1 25(gl 60 for choice and 75cR$l for
standard; . Grape 'Fruit. $1 25fi2 2*>:. Mexican
Limes. .$64J6 50;. Banana*. Sl@2 per bunch. /or
Hawaiian and $1 50©2 25 for. Central Amerl
can{ Pineapples, $1 50@2 50 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus. Fruits.
FLOUR— California Family Extras; $4 SOifj
6 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, |4 70@5;
Flour, and Millstuffs.
I CORN— The only j changes were fn Egyptian.
The. other descriptions ruled .firm. Arrival
of 1800 ctis Western.' There Is very little
State coming ; in at the moment. •
Western sacked. $1 37>A@1 40 for '.Yellow.
$1 37V-&1 40 for White and $1 35' for Mixed:
California large yellow, $1 37%@1 42'/4; email
round do. *1. CO; White, fl :{7%@1 40 per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 45&1 CO for white and $1 27^4®
1 30 for brown.
. RYE^-$l 80©l 32>4 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— %\ 76®2 . per ctl.
Open. ". High. Low. • Close.
May $108* -lilli ?1 07% $1 07%
December .... 1 02% 1 02% 1 02% ;l 02%
OATS — The week opened without change, tho
market being quiet but firmly held.
White ¥1 27*4@1 37>4; Black. $1 25@1 65;
Red. $1 25@1 32 V4 for feed and $1 30@l 35 for
seed: Gray. $1 32% per ctl.
. Open. High. Low. Close.
May ..: ?1 07'4 $1 07% $1 O7>4 $107%
December... 1 02Vi ••102% 1 02',-i l O2'/»
2;--p. in. Session.
Feed. $1 0S-?i@l ll 1^: Shipping and Brew
ing, $1 15©1 X1%: Chevalier. »1 Z7MQt 40 for
fair to cljplce. ¦
FUTURES. ,
Session 9 to 11:30 a: m. .
'Open. High. Low. . Close.
Mny ,?1 45% *1 io% $1 45% $1 45-r,
December ... 1 4'2>,b I"- 42% 1 42^ * 1 42'4
" BARLEY^The week: opened with lower fu
tures, but the cash grain was steady,, there
feeing some Honolulu orders forthright Feed
on the market. Otherwise there was noth
. - CASH BARLEY. '
2 p.' "m." Session.
' : ¦ FUTURES. " '
' ' Session 0 to 11:30 a. m. '
¦'¦ : ; ¦* ':/. . Open. High. * Low. • Close.
>!ay $145^4 ?1 40 $145-. $1 45*i
December ... 142 1 42% l41?i' 1 42*i
California Club. *l 42V>#1 47^; California
White Australian. *1 E2Vi#l 57^4;. Northern
Club. $1 43Hffl 47%: Northern . Bluestem.
$1 52H61 57% J>er ctl.
CASH WHEAT,
The Ann 'Francisco market was* lower as
1<; futui«'i«, bjit urfchanged. as to cash grain.
Holders \vcr,o firm.
WHEAT — Ef:sIIsb markets, were firm nnd
French markets steady. Futures Atood about
as before. The world's sh.IpmPnts for the
week were as follows. In quarters: Russian,
300.000; Danublan, 2S,C0ff; Arg'-ntlna. 402,0«iO;
Indian, ?',,•{.000; Australian, lUfl.OOO. "Ehe Amer
ican visible Supply decreased "1.28S.00O bush
el?. • - "
The f«*r.elgn markets showed hesitation:-, with
less activity, qnd Hroornhall cabled that Liv
erpool was-' steadied somewhat by >»• strike
in the ArgentfnP.
cJhlcairo dropped from Saturday -about 3c,
hot BUbsequently recovered somewhat. The
Southwest is still wrthout rain.
Whcai and Other Grains.
•'sterling Exchange continued firm. Silver is
a t faction lovuer. . •
SterllnK Exclirtiigf-' sixty. day6 — 44 J>4Vi
SterlinK Kxcfiange. sluhf — 4 S7-T t
Sterling Exchange, cables -w- -4 8.S*i
New York Exchanze, "siKht — . 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic.- — I" 1 ,!
Silver, per". onnre .'.....'..' ,. ->- 5St^
Mexican' Dollars, nominal — • 4"lj
Exchange and Million. •'
.-•-¦¦¦•.-.-.-¦•.•"•¦*-.- ¦'.•La^t;' •" -Tt'iS. ¦ - '•: VirflEt
. iFtatippB-^ '•.••...-'. 24 Sxmrn.V.\Be*mtn.-. : Bwoffi
.•Kn*ektf ¦:«¦'. .-' -i." .- . T . . .-'. -O.: 48 : :w .'5S ' - .' 4 1'. S I ".
,Ile.d : ¦Bliift. ".•'*. I.'. ...;'-'¦ Trace ¦ ""¦2O.«S ¦- 17. " t v.
.'s«[C-i*mert»'. :-.....-..•. ;.0.W-- . l«j.-C'l--' -11^33*
:e*»;FrtUjCttCt»'i : >f»..'V: i ©.p0 :"".12:!W ' .1 f . 4»- -
•¦gVyfcnfr ¦'•\ r --. ; _'-'* ,' T t ;, : . - ri.*ift- •• .•:{..»;¦' r>;v2
.irde>enfi.ence'.i »,.'.. Vo'.fiio; - i.W '•': '- i»M •
:.Pii'n..'-£*iU» .<Obl«rpq, '.-.,¦; -O'.no.-" • R."fi»>- - II. vr, "
?>?« ; AaKel.es ;•:.-. :.:;o-.iV> . - "• .1.22" ¦ R.V.B
€aj-p.le^o ¦-.:..:..-¦:¦. /t.f>Q. . J ,Q3 ¦ ¦ ¦ 9.05.
: :/-- : '' : ';:'-TiiE : 'CQAST; RECORD. .'
'•"¦-•".•¦¦:.-.-'"¦• -' ' t3 ¦ • ES — O "¦ * '"3
•.¦V:'''' ¦:'-.':¦:'¦' *'-H2 !?~ '£-5" j:? 3 ''
¦ -¦:..•¦ . ' • :•• Jo- * * • n ~ * •% 'i '
••*"¦'¦'•¦¦'¦ ~\v ; •' ' a - E 5" B1"<!1- 2" •="
: •'¦•:.";f*ATl6»i:-'*: :"5. 5*-~
>-:}=>;• ¦^' : :..V' ; ' : ? /I 3 :' 5 f — ?. f
~T*?aIloa- : ..i.;..30,16 f>a Tj2' W Cloudy .00
.Biker ';'i"»'.-:*..fflL'>S '4(5- 30 'SW Ooudy T.
¦.Carioh :^.» 5i :.-2a>*' f.2 S6- S '. Cloudy .VO
:f>jrfka:,';.%....'30O4 " M- 4(5. S Ral» . :48 #
f^MBt U.2.S.. -TJ0.J2 GOt .".S e<W i;i«ir"' .in>
n.a*ytifr •,:..;. so. <)2' r>8 14" bw <ne 3r '-. :(».»"
"Pofcsutelhi^.-.... .'3CHO0 4ft 1 30 -PW." .Cloudy • JKi
.T*Q!nt-.TteyesV.rV>.l2 .'.*..¦» • 4!» U: Cloudy "j<0
.rndependence 130..O4 f.8 3<; "f=E^ Cloudy .<»)
¦ l>o*;Aricele« .. .3O.<*2 72. 4<* -A%: Cloar *.<Ki
ICorth .H*ad .':2J>.80- .42 rvt • S . ' Cloudy .16
Mt" Ta.malpai«r..'50.i7 4.S 2S t'alm <"loi;dy".Oo
Phoerjlx ", :-.:¦.. T.i M • 7S 41 NW (hear .<«|
rprtlan<5- :.:.. ST.84 42 86 FW Rain ..".»
Rf^ Bluft .."..30.12 M 4<i *B "Cloudy T. '
Ris^buri:, „.-..; :3O. <r£- 4* 4<* BW Cloudy .22
*?acrampi;to '..30.14- r.C 42 HE- "Oondy .iff'
Fa!t LaJte -...:t«.O0 41 24 S . Pt'.CIdy .12.
i?a.n FVa.pcftco.30.18 Wl 4« • \y Cloudy .<XI
P. L.. .ft hippo.. 3O -OS «4 44 .XV near .<rQ
Fan Diego' .*. .80.00 "ft*' 4S .-XW »Tear .Hit
Feattle-.- J5>.?2 -40 S2 F- It.TMy .'72
Fpokani? '.:.¦.: .23. SS. "3S . 3a SW (n«iu'<ly .:#
'Tetoosh' ' 2a.«4 4i) 34 W 'Cloudy .2<!'
' -tra!hi:".-Wji!la.,S».!H 44 S4 SK.' .Pt.Ody .IK
WltWmuVc^. ,25».1W« 4.S is- SW Ooudy
. Tuma ...'•...'... '2».' S J«- 78 r,2 NW Cleax .00
¦TVEATU^li CONpITlONS jyNI> GENERAL
, '.•.¦.-.: .; FORECAST.
•" 'The. "pressure ¦ has faji^n -rapidly over Call-
¦f crfija .npd" ha» , risen" r«i<ldly over Washington.
.XTloudy- ttr.tr U\f4 weather T>revails <in the roast
frosi f-&n 'FriKndyeo northwar<i: Clrar weather
prevails 'in. Southern Calllcrnia. • '
¦ The ri^ers,-rfre .-fallJng at. all points exept
rear the Junction* of the- Sacramento -and the
Fan Joaquln. »herf ihe"Fta»"p continues high.
Rain Is TaUlnir in XortherH California..
For»ea!it made «t 5an Francisco for thirty
hours rridlr.* -midnight, March 1 :
Northern .Callforrila"— Cloudy and uhVettW •
treather .Tuesday,' with showers; frei>h-fouth
*a*t winds. .' ' • •.••- '•--
Bouthern California — Fair Tuesday, becoming
cloudy at nicht;. f'rwsh westerly winds.
Nevada^-Cloudy Tuesday; light rain or snow
In northern ;x>rtion. ' . • • . . •
' Fan .-FraririFcp and vicinity — Cloudy -and un.
oettlefl leather .Tuesday, with thownT; -fre>h
•outheart'-wind. ••. • -• . A- G. -McADIE;
.•-,-. ; "-•.-". ' District. Forecaster.
SEATTLE; Feb. 29. — ClVarlnss." ?5I2,4!K);
bala.nce».$143.l4S. ' •• . . • . - -
. TACOMA, Feb. 2!).— Clear.ings, $3(jO;939; bal
ances, $42,301.. • ." " . •
PORTLAND. Feb. '^3.— Clearings, $751,912;
birlanceK, 132,434. ' '" - .' "' "'"
• SPOKANE,. Vcb. 29.— Clearings, .$315,120;
balances, ?US,'JS3. ' . . ' .. ••
N orth'cnvBusiness: .
• . -. ' OREGO.v.". ...
.PORTLAND. " Feb. 20. — Wheat. — Walla
"WaliU, . 77c; bluestem, '£2c:. valley. Sic: '.
' WASHINGTON.. ••• • ' ¦"
TACQMA. '-Ft'Ii. 29.— \Vheat; unchanged
Bluestem, Sic; club, 71>c. " • ' " ;
Nprth-eni Wheat Market.
There was" ho further decline In Butter,"- and'
.In fact the market 'showed' signs "of more
steadiness, as pj-l.ce's have "now goT down to'a
polnt wher.e shlrn\ents'.tan -be" ,mad*e. and .In-,
deed", some »ma II. orders, for. tjoth stuth and
nonth are 'already coming; -.in.- .They". do pot
amount to much. aR. yet; but they Vfl&y trt
crease. " and are hotter *t.han none at -all.
Some dealers go ?o -far as .to ?Ay that there
¦Will be. no. further -'clec'llhe- at present/: •' '.'¦'
• " The. Cheese market "Is as dcmoralljted as ever...
Bto'cks continue 'excessive; and. th'ei;? is. no
"outlet except to the local trade". • The: -north.
Is as heavrly supplied as Sun- Fra.nclFco-; -and
*ttrcks at ' Seattle • are reported entirely too
large, for. that market • Jo handle. ¦ The ten
dency- in prices .here I? "still dottnwfcrd.
' The- wtek opened with continued, 'heavy' re
ceipts of Eggs- and -tho feellnjt -was as "wrak
• ns ever. Ranch" wore offered by cne'hou«c' as*
low as 17^rc and store at. 15c. .without find-'
ing buyers. There" -were some houses wlilch
still huHR out for 20c. but posted. buy»rs a«-'a
rule did not pay oVer IW?l!>c. -. Stoojcs are *x-
tremely lacge. " The shipping • demah'd, lias
ceestd.- as -Montana, which ha?' been- draw-
Ing on this market, wires that the. trade. there
can do better in the Eastf than .on this nfar-
Jiet. -. •• .- " -.'
Receipts were .IS.SOO lbs- Butter,." 1312 cases
Eggs and U500 lbs Cheese. _ -. . . -
BUTTER — Creamery - at' first htHids. 23c
for extras.- 22c for .first?- ahd 20@21c for »ep
o.ndp; dairy. lS©"21c: store Butter, nominal:
cold storage.. 20<it'llc for extras. 18{>19c for
irec.TndH nnd .ltifilSC- for. ladle-packed.
CHEESE—^Oiff 10c for pood to .choice : "new
and ¦JfftSVic for lower grades; Young Americas,
10@llc; Eastern. 1.5<flHc; t Western, 14S15c
per lb.
EQGS— Ranch, 17 > H<82Oc", store. 15<§l7Hp : per
dozen. " " . ' " "
Butter,- Cheese aiid Eggs.
California Stock .<S-. Oil Exchange.
Oil . Sfock"*-; " • ' ." : VT •Bid." ' Asked.
Apollo.... •.:..-.» ;..., '45' • ....
• A»*oclated Tnist "Cect..; '...". 20: 23
Aztec :..'.:' -..-.fc.'r.. •..-'• 73 ' ..-..
California ' Stamlafi- .;» -.. '13 " ' ..,.'
- Caribou .-....;.'. \ - • 2 00
Central • Point. Cbn '•.".. '....".... Kt ' 67
ChicaKbCni.de- .'...-- . ; . \< . ....•
Claremont-.^. ...'.".. ~. ;¦• I'.'.-... 49 " ' ....
. Esperanza '. ¦. .^.:;..^.: - -1 50 ' ......
Four ..../..'._....:.'...¦. ../. • 70
•Fulton. ...;v: ."...»:%...•,. ,...:. ... : . *4 CO*
Giant •. ". .:..-..•' 17 • ' •
-Hanfora- •.:,;-.. '.;£.. ,.".-." |35 CO " ...:.
¦Home .-..-... »:.'.- ".",.-. ".... 1 20 1 25
"Independence ..¦.'..-.-..•.....%. . .15 . . Irt
.Junction.': ...¦..¦.,'.'. ;.. i -... 15* . " 1«.
Kern "«. ,'.*•. •...'..-...-.'.'..;• 50 ' S CO"
-K«rn 'River .:,.":." : : .-.., ...s '13
Monarch -.of Arizona .'...;;..-. '41 1 . . . . *
Mont? Crltto'v ",,. .-*..'...-• .77*j- •• • *5 •
¦Acldental" of" W Va. .-....•.......- • *.l?'
Oil- City "Petroleum" .'.-. 3rt" .'."34
Peerress -..'.- 13 5O . ....
Reed Crude. .' 1 to ...i
Senator ..'./.. .-.*.-., i «.1 • ...i.
Sovereign ..::.;.¦.... ....... • 60 . ....
Sterling .-...: : 2 25 " ......
Toltec .¦••..-.:;^...-." ....'.....-..'.' 1»
Twenty-eight :....'.. -.V... ~.\. 4 SO
•Wtst. Shore 2 50 '2 75
•' . MisoeHanequs— -' . ' "•¦'.¦
Abby -Land •& Improvement.. . 1 30 . 1 65
• Chutes' Company .....-,...'.. TOO ....••
Plscher'* Theater . .' • 1 ft© ....
North* rn Cal Power.-. 9 374 ' 9 874
: .' ¦ • SALES.
•""''. ' Morning SesMon. \- ';
35rt. Sovereign '.:....• ".. ' 50
20W> Aztec - 75
ICO Twenty-ctuht Oil .-. .- 4 Rrt
10«X» .Independence ..*. IS
. "¦";; ' Afternoon Session.
400 Az'tee ..'. : T5 .
350 Four Oil 1 70
100() Independence « • 1$
2.V) Kern Oil : « 90
IOO Sovereign 43
. . Mining Stocks.
.SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
• Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Horning Sc«lon.
2*10 Andes ..» 49j 100 Ophtr 4 75
IOO Caledonia ...1 ISt 150 Ophlr 4 SO
100 Caledonia . ". .1 10 2or> Potoal 17
ion Challenge Con .*» 2<X> Savag* Jtt
40O Con C & Va.l «5 ICO Savage 55
200 Gould & Cur. 41 100 Sierra Nev .. JW
IOO Hale * Norc. 93 IOO Sierra Nev .. 62
100 Mexican : 1 73
.*£'•¦ * ! Afternoon Session.
800 Andw 491 300 Mexican 1 8<>
60 Caledonia ...1 20 200 Ophir 4 SO
SOO Chollar 19 ICO Potosl 17
100 Con C A Va.l 65 100 Savage 58
2OO Con NY... Ot TOO Sierra Nev .. 6:t
200 Exchequer ... 1« 50© Silver Hill .. ««
500 Gould & Cur. 41 60 Union Con . . 83
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
panj-- quotes as follows,- per lb. In- 100-li> bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed! 5.5Sc:
Powd»red. 6..4Oc:'Candy Granulated. 5.40c: Dry
Gronulaied.- fine, 5.30c; Dry G^inulated. cjoarw.
S.SOcr Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Granulated
riCfi-ib ba«w only). 5.10c: Confectioners' A.
&3Oc: Magnolia A. 4.00c: Extra C. 4.80c: GoVden
C. 4.70c: "D." 4.POc;. barrels. 10c more: half
barrels • 25c more: boxes. 50c more! 60-lb Mrs.
10c .more for. all kinds. Tablets— Half barrel*.
fl.fOe: box<*». 6.05c; H. & E. Crystal Dbmlnos.
8.30o per Ib. No orders taken, for less than
sev*nt>-flve barrels or Its' equivalent. :.:; -
.' RED ANP-WHltE- LEAD-^R* Lead.- 6H®
7c per Ib; White .Lead.- 6Vj©7c.- according' to
Quantity.' • " > ,• . • • .'-.-.
COALOII^— Water White Coal Ol!.. in bulk,
loc; Pearl Oil", in cases.' 2rHc; Astral; 21 l 4c:
5tar. -21%e: Extra Star. -25^c:". Elaine, 27Vjc!
Eoren<\ 24 Vic: Deodorized Stove -Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c: In ca*e», 22V»c: Bentlne. In buHc
13c: «t> rnscs. 19Uc: SC-degrre Gasoline. In
bulk. 2.V: in ca<«eij..31c. ••' .- • -, •
-.TURPENTINE — 84c' per" gallon in 'cases and
.~$a In drums and Iron ' barrels." • .- • ••-"
BAGS — Grain' Bags, .-?4©3%c -spot and'5%c
June.-July; " t-a.n Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bags,
32({j35c; Fleece Twine. 7U®8e. •' .
' UOAL— Ws?lilnKton v $S .per ton; New .VVel
lihstpn. ?S;' SftSttU?. $0.50:.Bryant,'$« CO ? Bea
ver Hill, $6; "Standard. -$r; Roslyn, $7; Coos-
Bay. *5-5l>; Greta. $7; Wallsend-. $1; Hich
mond. $7 50; .Cumberland.-. .$13 in. bujk ¦ and
*14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg."
J14-Welsh Anthracite Egg'.' f 13"; Welsh Lumu.
»11. 50- Cannel. $3 50 per'ton: Coke, $11 SOijj
13 per ton in bulk «md -$15. lh sacV <; Rocky
Mountain ' descriptions] $11 46 -per 20k- lbs. and
$12 '80 per fonfr ton. according' to brand. ;
• OILS — Quotation* .are for 'barrels:.- for cues.
add "5c: Ltnseed.-' 41le' per- gallon for -boiled and
47c- for ra'wj Castor Oil.' in ¦ cases. -No^ l,.70e;
Rakers'. AA. ?l 10@l 12; .Lucol; 44e for bojled
and 42c Tor raw; China Nut, 6O@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil, In barrels, 58c for" -Ceylon and 55c
fnr Australian; " extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. $0c; -natural winter' sperm OIK 75c: ejtra
bleached winter WhaJe'.Oil. «5c; natural Whale-
Oil. «;0c; extra winter strained La'rd .OH. Me:
No. 1 Lard Oil.- 7Rc: pur?" Neatsfoot OII..75<r.
No." -1- Js'eatsfoot- Oil.- «5c;- light'. Herring -Oil.
4.V: dark -Herring- "Oil. 43c; Salmon Ol). 39C,
tolled' Fish Oil 40c; raw." Fi«h Oil. 38c; boiled
Ealnt Oil." 35c; raw Paint Ofl. 33c. •. - -."
Gcucral Merchandise.
Foreign .Futures: .
:'.. . ," " ' LIVERPOOL." . " '
Wheat — • . . 'ijtarch. May. ' July.
Opening 0 11J4 "• 0; 10 li i)%
Closing . : . -(illM," 6 9T« 6«i-,
¦-¦ ¦¦¦:¦ .->•¦-- ¦•••.- PA RIB.---'- •--.-'.-- ¦-•'-.<..
Wheat — '•• .' • ¦ Feb.- . May-Au'g..
OF'ening . « : .'. 22 05 ¦ 22 50
Closing -..'..... 21.115 . 22 45
. Flour^— . • •" . . • "•
Opening :.. j .:...:...: 30 tiO • .'JO 45"
Closing :.. ;....,:. v 20.50 , 3.0 30.
St; Louis Wool Market. •
ST. LOUIS.- Feb. 20.— WOOL — Nominal. Me
"clltim grades. 'combing -and clothliiR, 17@21%c;
jiKlit fine." iri«; 17 M(C; heavy fine, i.2gl4Uc;"tub
washed; 2O5;5uViit. " .". ' . . '• " ' ' .
. ¦ 'OAJ5E — GrayGePse. ?!{ per doz; White G*>e«ie
$lf?l. 50; Brant *1 50 for small- ahd .$2 50 fbi>
larse; ITohkers. ?t..for vrnsill and .5r». for larK»:
RabbitP; *1 50{j2 .ror Vottbnialls and' ?lftl -25
for Krush; Hare. $1. 23®1" 00. • ' .- ~ , "
• Ppl'I/TItY-^Dressed - 'Turkej-s, -. nominal;
live" Turkeys, 13@17c per -lb-i Geese, per pqtiv
•J2JT2 25; -Goslinss, — — ; DucUs. $5 50®.t> -50.
per : dozen for old and .$6 5pff7..5O for- young;
liens. $0 50<g7 50- fi>T larce and $5 OtMiO 50 .for
small; young Rosters.. S(i oOR7r.O: old -Roos.
ters, *5-5(:@e8;,Frye'rs. $r^'o 50;. Broilers, |. r .a
6.C0 for large a-nd $4.50i85 fnr small i 'Plseons.
$1 25^1 50 per. dozen, for old and. $2 25J/2 50
<or Bqua'bii. . . . - • •. ' . .• ¦
There .was practically n©' market for "Poultry ."
Orily three co'opa of domestic -'w-ore .received
arirt. f.ft -Western came In. \ A car of Wrsterh
falls. due tp-dax. ¦ • Qamf was In good, requpst
owing to -'the scarcity • of' Poultry.-. " and- B.5 th6
stock came to hand ln'ifeoodr condition all der
scriptlona met with prompt sale at h^ghe^ rates.
P6jtl/r-\! and Game.
Chicago Board of Trade.
• Wheat, S5.riptt.C0O bushels: derrcasf, l,2'»0,(K»
buFhels. Uorn,' 8, 7!),'!, 000 bushels; • in»rense,
M.000 bushels; onts, lo,?13,0»t0 bushels; jn«
oreaue. 107,00fr biishrls; Rye, I.IS^.OOO bush
ers;:ipcrea«!e. 70,{«W bufchels; bkrley, 4,311,000
bushels; decrease, 85,'COO. bushels.
NEW YORK. Keb:' 20.— The visible ' supply
of grain Scturdfty. February 27. as compiled
by ' the New . York Produce' Exchange, is as
follows: '.-If. ¦•-..-.
Visible. Grain Supply.
NEW YORK-, Feb. 20.— Tin was cather In
tone-.-in the Londrm markrt. Spot cloyed un
changed at £123 lCs'-and futures Os high'er at
£123. 15s. .Loftily slocks of tin are. light and
demand reported fair, so lhat tho market ruled
Hrrrier, fpot closing at $2S 10(^28 DO..
Copper wan ' lower" in " London, spot closing
'at a deolln* of 12s fid at £5« 12s. Cd. and fu
tures 10s lower at- £55 7s Bd. Locally copper
was -unchanged. Lake, 12. 500 12. 76c; electro
lytic and casting. 12.37>i<S12.»;2Vic.
Load ruled unchanged, nt £11 12s -In London
and .4.504* 4. »>0c In the New York market."
SpeUf-r remains steady at 5.15c in New Ywrk
and at an. p.rjyance of 2s «rt to £12 In London.
'Iron olnned 51s »1d In Glasgow and at 42s Hd
in Mlddle>boro. Ix>c»IIy iron wan unchanged.
No. 1 foundry. $14" 75^15 25: No. 2 foundry,
northern, J14 25^14 75; No. 1 foundry pouth
phi and No. 1 foundry southern soft, $13 2i"i'y>
13 75. • •
Yrrt 1 York. Metal Market.;.
EA'APQUATED A-Pl'LES-Are in" liRht" de
mand and. the market rul«n quiet. Common".
4@5c; prime. 5%c;- choice," SUtffOc;. fancy, tji^
«f7c. . . ¦ " .....
PRUNES— Are still moving rather slowly,
but holder's " shew- no dliSposftlon to grant con
cessions. • Quotations'" .-rqnge from ."'.'.c to' ti'i.c.
PKACH.ES. 'and APRICOTS— "Both peaches
and' apricots are in light supply and are meet
ing' wjth sufficient demand to Impart a firm
tone- to the market. Choice apricots, p^JJlOc;
exjtra choice, 10".ifilt)»4c: f'an-y, 12«xlo.c. t.Tiolce
peaches' are held af 7 1 4'27'%c; extra fhotce.
T%©>>»;c; .fancy, 9(&10c. : ' • •
SUGAR— Raw, firm* terftrifuffal, I>« test,
8H03 l.VCc;. fair refining. 2"^c; molasses,
2%c;. refined, firm.. * . •
. •' •'•¦ "DRIED. FRU*ITS. ' ' ' •"' "
' COFFEE— Spot Rio.' ateady-: mjld, steady. •
Coffee fu'tures closed . steady "at a partial
decline 0/ 5-- points. • Sales, .'.',8.500 .'bass. In
cluding: March, 5.25?lO"j!IJc; May, .").,V><g5.6<!c-'
July, 5.75i5 5-.fKJc; September, 6.00(56.*20c;- De
cember, ti.3O3C.40c. ¦ " •
NEW YORK, Feb. 2!t.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20.5S7 barrels': exports. 22.155 tiarrelii. Market
steady, but .i'nactl-ve. Winter Ftraights, .- $5®
5 3.">; Minnesota patentsw" $5 30^5; 75,
. WHEAT— Receipts, 40,050 bushels; exports.
29,077 bushels. Spot steady; No. 2 red, $1 09
elevator; No. 2 red, n 10f»l 10 f. o. b., afloat;
No. 1- Northern Duluth. $1 11% f. o, ti.. sffloat.
Op.tiomt opened steady- at .Vic net decline, re
covered en coverlnR. weakened l^ic t.o 2U>c un->
der liquhlatlon and clewed -1%®2>ic net lower.'
Miay, ?1 <r,J?l CT>"X,. closed SI 0;t»i: July, O."%@
l«li(,. cloWd -Wfl^c;" September, &l®03%tL
clesed'fllVlc. ' ' -.'¦'¦
HOPS : — Firm.-
HIDE?— Firm. • - '
WOOL— Firm. • . - '
PETROLEUM— Qii 1st. • '. " • . "
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Feb". 29.— The cotton market
closed steady at- practically the best prices,
or 19QC4 points higher:
Nc7u York. Cotton Market.
Miscellaneous Markets.
¦ ' ' - ."¦• ¦ < 120th ..Merid'.an^Pacinc Time.')/ ':''¦:'.
.'.:-. ;.PA>':'FRANC.rSCQ, Feb. '29^5 -p.- m.'.
¦-.The'foil pVVnR-r axe .the-'sieaso'naf ' ralh'falle -to
.<J£re,.;ag toinpired..v.;.ith .those .'ol . the' >a:ne date
Idft'.&easpn.aivd -rainfalls' rn' last . twenty-'f<juj
hourf ¦:¦¦ ' ''_.'¦¦¦:_ ¦¦ ' ¦¦ : \ ¦'..,'¦.¦', '¦.:.¦[' '
W [cat her ReporL
: .v..'Bocjil; "hs'nK c'.eh'rinss- '.in February .were $lftS,
4S1-.9S0; /-agTairi^t . jJfl5"TSS.'7S7 .-for! Ff tirua/ry. 190).
ehifwirig' a.;:decrp«[»e last month of. ">7,330.S"7-.
¦F^r.the frst t.wo rBbjiths -of the year they wore'
¦*2iiS.Cl$523C-.*«»3a«t $243,ES4,477- for- the saare
iim>,."ln. '.1.P03. •'. .: ;¦- ' • :. ."• ;"¦-. . - ; -. . •-: ' '
Bank ; : Clearings.
•¦.THejreceibti: of • duties .'on Imports at the
.Custrtni-house in. F^braary were
J519. ! 11'9; -' against $04,'8OS ia February.' 1903.
Por- 'tlJ*' first* two \montbs of the y»ar :the. re
<<eipt* -u-ere. .¦Jt25i.2»i7. ac?ilnj--t f },o72,3^0 dur
jnk. jbe.Vfcarne twri.«Dd ia .1THC.'.: .' : -. • . '•..-'
Djitics on Imports.
¦': The colaate. at -the 'United/ Ptates ¦ branch
mint, in this- : city, irt rebruary," ccn^ i?Jed. of
f23.6SQ.0Q0- in ' double ¦•e^'le&-iind; $216,001.- in
f tac^ard. ellver-dbiiaiT. jnaklngratotal of $21.. r
TSCWO, -the .¦"-. largest .rnisr.thiy coinage • in the
hl?Jory-cf the. local --.or en>" -other mint in the
.Clirted Btates. ••The.unusually heavy .coinage 'of
dcu-ble. eagles -w.a-s'ilue ..largely -to. th» : I'.g-ln
E.uppiy 'Of.':^ that . flenomtnnti.o.n -.in the ' treasury
e*t.:AVashinctoa orid iBflOie T.-eeks- a?o the' IooaI
¦rnJnt' .-official? ' w.ffe; ordered to . work ¦ to. -full
ceiracUy : on t-hat-deacribtioD. ' ¦ .' . ". --. . •
Coinage in February.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 50, 0C0; to--morrow,
2o,i)*)6; 10c lower. . Mixed' and .butchers, $5 30W
5<>i>; : gbpd to- choice heavy $5 556-5 70; rough
heavy, $5 30@9 3.5; light. $5 10@5 35; . bulk of
salv, $5 30®5'C5.' ;.;-¦'. . : . • •
SHEEP— Receipts, 35,000. Sheep arid- lambs
lowef.- Good to ' choice wethers," $4 25.<&4.5O;
fair to choice mixed, • ?3 «J5@4 25,- Western
sheep, $* 2.164 «5; native .lambs,- ?4 pO@G;
Western lambs, $4. 30/gO. • ¦ ..'
CHICAGO. Feb. -. 29.-^CATTLE — Receipts,
24,000. Steady to strong. * Good to prime -Effeers,"
54'JKHg5 75>poor to medium, $'3 50® 4 "60; stock,
rrs and feeders, $2 S0©4 20; cows,- $l."»0@4;
hi?lfers ( $2^4 50; .canners,, $1 50S2 40'. bulis, $2
©4; calves." $3 Bftg't; Texas fed steers; $4@4 «0.
CHICAGO
Livestock. Market.
The -following quotations art' fOr good, sound"
Livestock, delivered In t^ao Francisco, le*» 50'
ptr cent yhririkage for Cattle: •• "-.-•.
• .CATTLE — Steers, 8^9c; Cows- and' Heifers,"
VfiSc; thin Cows. 4@5c.per lb. . '• •"
C\LVES — H?4Uc per lb (gross weight). . . .•
¦ SHEEP.— Wethers, 4>2<j3c; Ewes. 4V4g'4l4c
pW lb <ur«)M weight): " . . . • " • % .' • ••
LVMBS — j'*tft : r vs'i lb. ". ' ¦ . -.'
.HOCrs-rLlve-Hpfrs 14.0to 200 -lbs, 6X&5»ie;
o\'er 200* lbs.-. O^ftSHc; soft Hogs. AV,(i4%r:
tuiws 20- per cent crt;- Boars. 50 per 'cejit oft.
and Sstags, 40 .per cent off from, above qubta
.Uohs;-'.-.. .. • . >. :. . •¦...'.¦.•-•.'.
' Wholesale "*ates .trom slaughterers to" dealers'
art- -as follows: ¦ .- • . -.--.•.
'BEEF — cy<&TAc for. Steer* ..and 6©6.%e' per
!b. for Cows. ' ¦'.¦¦' . ¦ • . . • .- . •.,-"•
•VEAL— Large. S#9c: small. SKfiQ\$C per lb.
"MUTTON- \V*U.ers. 9!i@10c->. Ewes, 9@9H.c
TiPr- Jb. • . ' • •'¦
. LAMB— Yearli'.igs, lie: .Spring, 155? 16c., ' :
•I'ORK — Dre?sed. Hcts-. XSt^%c per Ib'. -. "
• *. . ' LIVESTOCK MARKET..."
Quotations for Hf>gs remain, about jlhe sam.e.
Receipts. 0/ Hogs. -though light, 'are'sufficient..
as -the packers- are doing nothing. . • -.' • -
Mutton" nlles firm, with %c .hifthe*
on the lrside' quotation. Lamb is -also -higher..
Nevada and California hay-fed J5h«ep are abou£
gone' and thcr«--is no grnss : fed stcck as >'t;.
Which explain? the firmness. -Most . of:- ihe
Sheep now -arriving are coming in from. Iduno
•cud. Mtmjana '-' '. .. ,-..•...
- " "• DRESSED MEATSJ .;
Meat.. Market.
Conjs "money. ..85 11-16 N Y Central ..i.117%.
. Do account ... SO Nor & Western. .\56%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd ,.. SJ*
Atchison .,.",...'. fid%' Ont 4; Western. . =20 '4
Do pfd 81 I Pennsylvania .... 57%
Bal & Ohio-"....:. 76?ilRand Mines 8%
Can. Pacific 113U Reading 20
Ches -A Ohio...... 30% Do 1st pfd S9
Chi Great West. 15' . Do 2d pfd 23 '
Chi; Mil & St P.141»4 So Railway . 19
De Beers 19 Do pfd 81
Den & Rio O ... la^lSo Pacific- ...>.. 4*t{
Do 4)fd..>-. C7 i H.lUnIon Pacific ...'75^
Erie. 22% j Do pfd.- "... 90
DolBt pfd C3U1U S Steel. ....... "10*1
Do 2d pfd.- 3S%"|" Do pfd.." Rf)%
III.. Central' 130 Wabash "..., IS
Louis ¦& Nash.. 104% Do pfd .....'... 83
M. K & Tex". ... .. 15% - ' .
Bar' silver — Steady. 2G"$d 'per ounce.
Money — 3 p«r cent.
The rate of- dK-6urtt !rt the- cpen market for
short . bills ' is ."<iJ3\& ' per cont and for three
months' bills- 8Q3H per cent.
BERLIN, Feb; 29.— Trading on the Boerse
to>day was- quiet la. all departments. ' •
London Closing Stocks.
CHICAGO, .Feb. 29.-rOn the . Produce EX^
rhatiKe; to-day; the. .butteV.. market- wi^s easieK
Creameries.- 14@2Cc; dairjv ' 13%@22c'. £ggs,
weak, :17©lSc- Cheese, firm, -10%'®ll%'e. • • .
ELOINT 11.1., Keb. 20.— Butter' flrtn to-d«y
at. "fifi per 'pound. * Sales, frfr' the-w'e%k were
427/500 'pounds'. . •" - .
Butter, Cheese; and .Eggs.
: ~yi!tfm:t» = aittfcbeU. Jlulcaihy 4 Oo. from the
¦iiit ,y««tepCay ' eald'that'-in splt<s . of ¦ the Pan
arj*.<*i:al ; Ttymeat tlie supply • of cash. Is 1 n
exc«B» "^f ...tSV-ieniaiid- ¦ .Tiie New, .York stock'
mjarfcet cwitinac* ©f '.a-nafrow/ and.professional
¦'t--act'.r t;., Ar.:.r>-iiii t to-, ks in London at*
iaie-'iaaa feattirieless. ¦ Therw'is. abthlng to *n
c----ir *t • : buying .of . etocts. '\. .Berlin , advices ' re-?
•ported an , i.iiiiiortaat •'. banking -failure '¦¦¦¦tljeng
«»l.-a. ; failure .at Hemburir.. and -Turin., and
theT»:'.w:ere-;V»xlou« report's of impending' flnan
cial trovbleat.Ptrls.- The' CotM&ent.was'agul'a
a .heavy 'teller -in. Loniich, '.and .that market
wai depressefd-^ Although. Wall street was ¦ firm;
on. tte';-fiay'.tw?lve induBtrtals declined 8 per
cent. ¦aadNt^'-etity.' active - railroads 5 "per -cent.
Beslfi«« these, fcparvsh- features the India-napoll*
¦'c($o vent ion of : inineTs . and CDerators . was ra
j>prted- to. 'have ..* -broken up in a -row" oyt?r
the!;.irage;. - scale., ", «-1th .the. ' probability of • a
•trik.e.bcinc ordered; : • . "..-"-- -. ' .'- . '¦¦'.¦¦.-
Ftelhig on the Exchanges.
proves ecs,tally rigid against attempts to mor«
it In eithtr. direction. '.Thie opening movement'
was inclined ' downward to'-day. ' Paris, was re
'.porte<l-to ba in a condition of nervous uppri
'.henaion over the- preliminaries to th* settle-'.
,'tneat.'; Jn this market the Ertes were slightly'
. heavier than the average, which was accounted
for by. the extremely unfavorable enpwing of net'.
earning* for January, with, a fall of nearly a
millio'n dollars from the' level of last _Jasuar,y,
due : both". to an itlcreaso in operating expenses
and a- decrease in gross. earnings. Railroad re
ports for .the day were generally unfavorable
with the "^notable- exception' of Union Paclflc,
¦ which . was ¦ abl« • to show a retfuctioa An e-x
' peni-es to belp out t|i.e increased grosg. The
Mock got no benefit from it until the pressure
upon Erie' and the 'general! list was' relaxed.
Ihe "break in -th& Lionjeh .copper marXet hurt
Amalgamated ¦ Copper in the ' initial .dealings,,
but it reepve'red. ' The. dread of. a. Northern Se-.
-curltles '. decision' was- plainly an influence in
the market, but the postponement' with another
perlbd-. of '.suspense for the market -provoked no
animation In the trade. - Prlte» 'hardened *»p
1-recUbly in the aft«i-pocn. . The belief 1« thus
¦ engendered that Btocks Tire. In- strong hands,
but -it is equally -an article of faith that those
hands.. are lull, or "at -lea.«t' that their owners
are -'unwilling . to take ©n.more ai present.
¦ CnHed Mates Sttel preferred was benefited by
reports of a ljirgfe "purehate. of pig iron by' the
corporation. The .clobing was very firm, hut
intensely 'thill. ' '. ' . '
- Bonds became -*rregular -.after. ea.rly heavi
ness. An ajlvanfee in. United Ftates -Steel sec
ond ¦ 5s helped ¦ t'he • general, list. ' Total sales,
! par value, .$l,:-J15,0(!O; • •'-.- ' ' ' . '
¦' L'nlted States ©Id 4s advanced U-per cent on
call. ¦ -' ¦' ¦"¦ .". " • , :
.NEW YORK STOCK • LIST".
¦ Stocks— . ¦ Sales. Hlih. Low.' -Close.
Atchison ........'.. IS, 4<K»- Bft^ - 04^ U53i
AtchiF&n pfd . . .'. .¦ . lOO 8&V» • ' 8»»H •' »%
I ttakimore A; Ohio. «.3w 74^ .74 74^
j:alt & Ohio frid... 6«
Canadian Pacific .. .2,400 114". 114ft 11:5%
Central of N J. w . ..... .... • 153"
Ches & Ohio....... : 3<K) 30 ". Wi - K -^i-
Chicago .Ac -Alton ¦ 33
-Chi & Alton ptd... .:...' ...'. ' bl
Chicago at CJi West : 2uO 14% 14% 1«%
.(.liicatto <t N W....-' '. • ¦ ¦ ' 1U1
Cfal Mt! & St Paul. 10,000 ' 13S% 13»% . I3»7i ¦
au'u*'|t.p pm. --.-- • ••-••: 173i
¦Chi Tenri and Tran ... ." ...'. ....' t>?i
Chi-T&T.pfd : ..... .... i»
CCO & Bt Louis . •' : '. 72 ¦
Colo i?outhern .-... . 2U0 10% 10% .15'
Colo So iM pfd..... . 3U0 53.^5 C2% !W
Colo So 2<i pfd. . : . •• ' • 'i^Vi
IJel &¦ Hudson..,:. 1,100 155 154 155
l>?r/L«ck A Wm( ' . ........... 2(A
Denver & P.ioOr.. ' 200 1»" .19 1«? 4 -
L«en & Uio .Gr pld. 1<M>- ¦ 05% - C5% O5H
Erie .- ' 13,100 • K>, -22% 2?
Krie 1st ' pfd...-.'. .1 1,'JOO C2 - Cll, 62~»
'Erle--2d '{.fd. ...-..- 'l.-'W '3S% 3tH .38^
-Hockir.g VaJIey .:.• , .'.:., '.: . . 72
Hock Vallt-y. pfd... ' -..'.., 7»*i
IHInolS-Ceptraf ...-¦ • lixi 128H 126'^ llK^i
•Igwa'Ce'nttal ...'., .100. lSVa l?>Va; 18-.
j Inwa "Central p'fd.. ; :...' .'...'. 33
K C Southern.- • '.' .'.•.:.- 1«^'
-K <J Southern pfd. '..lix) . 31: ?!¦• • . 3J»i
tr-ukv&'-Sasliv--." "UK) .102 102 - 102
. JIafihatt-an L .V. . .- • '3i"*3 ; HIVi '.141 ¦ 141H
' Mc^ropoL Securities •:.¦¦.:.• -.-... '£4
'Me-trcpbl St Ky..'. .- ....'.. ' . • .'.:.. l"14>i
Vizin Vt-Ht Jsiui*. '...-. .' 58 '
MStl'i's'SM.. :..•'..' 59
"M Ftp & ps m pfd :: ' .-..-.» 11s
jrist^uri" 1'acifip .'.i 7,600 f>7"-« 87^g 87%
¦Mlf Kins & Tf"xa«.- 2X> 15-". 15 It'g
M K & T pfd " UO» 35«i" . 35V» 35' i
K n -It of Mex pfd . .' • 24 u,
N Y -Central..;..-..- 1,300-114% 11334 U*%
Norfolk & West... " £00 ' 3OVs 33 !v $S%
Nor & W/-st- pJd.-. .'..'.... .....' .... 85'
Northern "Securities- ...'.'. . .'. . .-••• 88^.
.TOntario & Western". .°.i» Sii^i "204 5,0,4
¦Pennsylvania 1 .V.'." 27.300 1 113% 11?% li:«H
; P c V- 4- St IjouIe. . . . .' ' -.V! •
Reading ,.-...-. 1.4OO 4O>4 S9%. :W%
Readipg l^t prd... ..... ¦''...,. : • "5'
?lfnding-2tl pfd-. ..." " .t<H) 56 : ftfi tO%
Kock- Island 1 <:o. . . ¦' -2.8<>O . " 2i>*i . iS'i 20*^
.TVj^k "Island Co ji<d • .l.fK'irt -fil ' 60 • CO.
ft L-& R F 2rl .pfd" 2fJ0.' 42* . ."41>& ' 4'14
Bt Loujg S*W. 4 ."_ . -. . .... .... \i- /} .
6t U S W pfd -2-O' M*i 30 vM>
'rmthprn Pafiflp . .' fi.-lfxt . IVik.- 42% " 43?i
Bout-hern Hallway. L7O01 18v4 is% in\
Knuthrrn Ry pfd,. ." P.W 7ST4 7«ii 79 U
•Texas ft Parlfic loo -22>S " 22-«, 22*4
Tel St L & West..! -200 . 21 -24
tsi L4 w prd.. r.i»o m>i :w -<»
I7nlnn' Pacific ,... 11.1OO .73% 73 7.TA
I 'nioTi Pacific pfd..- -hfT?^
WahaFh . . .' ftW 17S T7'i 17>".
.WaWifih- pfd 1.S00 . 33 U -33 Zi>£
V.h<-tl S-. Lake K.. ". " 14 •
WiM-tfn«ln Otjtrnl. ' 1*> • 1.7 W: :f.'>i !71J
U^acontUi Cea pfd. ¦ 2(»0 30 U S» 39
Kxpress Comnanl<»i*— »
¦AdatnF ; ....".220
I'nlted ptate«. ..;.; "! . " *.. jni •
WfllF.FarRO ' .... .... 205
• MiPcellfineou!"— ' " "
'AuiaiEam ("oj^>or.. 12.7^0 4f' s 4 •" 45*« if,%
.Am Caf& Found.. 400 10>4 1» ft)'
Am /"ar A F |ifd.. 100- CS^i CS»; -C7V4
Aru frtt'or. Oil.'. ¦ .... 28^i
Am Cot on Oil pfd. ... ..' ?JS
American* lc<». .-..'. 700 -K " R' 7%
iimfViln Ic«»t)fd.. 100- 31 'i 31 >i SO'i
Am Ivlnpeed' Oil .•. . .... "9
Am Llnsned Oil pfd -.."..'- 27
¦Amrr Locomotive'.. .' 200 22',4 . 2C14 22U
"Amrr Isico pfd..' - 7S
•Am t-melt $ Kef., WO 47- :i i. 47U 47VA
Am P .* Hrf pf.l . . " RdO. t»o RUT*, SOU
Am Supar Itef..'., 2,100' 124'j, i2?t% 124*i
Anaconda Mln <lo ¦ .... •;., 03'
•IJrklyn Ilap Tran*. 7,'4<V) 41)% -3Jt'i- 40U
Colo Fuel &¦ Ir"n.. joo " :in% -30% < 80V4
ConsolMatcd Oat.'.' :!<K» l»f» ']K9',i' ltMjii
f-'onf -Product!^. ltO- 17',4 17^" ITU
; Corn Prndu<-ts. pfd. "" ; . . C8
nistillpn." B»c(« '100- 22% -22»4 22%
Opncrnl:E!rctr]V s .. lf»f» KiO too- jfifl
rntrrnatlonal n^per' • 100 .11«J ]i^4 H'A
Intrrnatl Pap?r pfd ...•-. •
International Pump ., ''LI .
Intet.natl Pump pfj .: ... .".... .-..'. 71 W
National Lead.;.,;.- ...'.; ...-. ¦ •..-.... 14%
North' American.'. '. ...-..' .-. Rl*i
Pacing Mail . 200 • 25 " 25 2.V
People's Oae ¦• S00* »7»i 07U 07.14
Pressed Bteel Car.. . 100 2SV 4 2SVJ L'"H
Pres'spd P -Car'pji. .'...:• '. . . . "...'. fig'
PuiliRan Pal Car.. .... 20i»
Republic Steel -. " 1O0 7=4 '7% 7%
Republic Steel pf4 ..... ' .42
JUibber «Oods ....-..- .... jh%
Hubber Ooods pfd. ..'../ . 75%
•Ter.n Coal & Iron.. iOO 33 % 35% 35 '
U S Leather 400 7 «ft CvC
U S Leather pfd.." 77»4
-IT R Healty 200 7 7 7
U S Realty pfd.... 700' 49% 49% 49U
X) S Rubber ... " j)U
U 8 Rubber pfd.. ...-". .47-
USSte*!.'..-. 3.700* 10"i WH J0«
IT S Steel pfd 12.500 56% .55% 5C
\\ estlnghoue* Elec 15a '
Western Unicn 200 87% 87% 87%
• Total sales...:'. .171.000 shares. .
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
¦-. NEW YORK, Feb.. SO.— American- Can Com
pany: Common bid 4, asked 4>i; preferred bid
33%. asked 36. ' ;y.n.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U A re-f 2s reg..l04% L & N unified 4s. 98%
Dt' \ coupon. ,...105 Man con gold 4«..iatu
Do Ss reg ....106 Mex Cent 4s 64%
Do coupon .106% Do 1st- inc; .... 13
Do new 4s reg.106% Minn & St L 48.. BStt
.Do coupon WlVi M. .K & Tex 4s. 07U
Do oM 4s reg. 132% b 0 2ds 77
"Do coupon 132% Ml of Mex con 4s 72%
Atch p>n 4s ....100 N Y C gen 3%s.. 97
Do adj 4s 87*4 N J C gen 6a... 128
Atlantic- C L 4s. 02%jNor Pac 4s.:.. ..102%
Hal * Ohio 4».. 101 »it Do 3s. ...... ...'70%
D0..IV&* •••.-•- !>3%!Nor & W con "4s. B7«|
Central of Ga &s.lC5%iOSL 4s & partlc. 91
Do 1st inc COVilPa conv 3>is...01>i
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brand* «ell
about %®lc ujidiPr quotations'. Hea\-y Salt«l
'Steers 0%c; medium. S%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hidex.'Sc for heavy and 8e for light: Stags. 6c;
.BaMed Kip 9c: Salted .Veal. 10c; Salted Calf.
10%c; dri' Hldfs,- -15@iec; dry Kip. 13e: dry-
Ca'lf 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 2B1^30e-each;
#hort Wool. 40g63c each; medium, 70®O0c: long
• Wool -$1@1 SO; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
larpe and $2®2 50 for medium. $1 25«S1 75 for
small . and* 50c ' for- Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
ipTB for large and $l'6O for medium, $191 23
• for small and 50c for C&lts. Buck Skin* — Dry.
.Mexican 81c: drj' salted Mexican.^ 23c; dry
Central- American, 3.1c. Goat Sklns-rPrlme An
goras" 75c; large and smooth,. EOe: medium. 33c;
small. 20c. ' • ' ~ ¦ •• . * ' '
: TALLOW— No. -1 rendered. 4c- per lb; -N.o.
2.' 3%c: grease. v2%@3c. . ' .. - •
WOOO— Fall tellp— .San Joaquln Lamb*. 6.9
lie- Middle County.' Ilfrl2c: Northern Defect
lv« '9@10<>; Nevada. 13^ 15c:- 'Oregon.' fine. 18ff
,19c: Oregon.- medium. . 17c per .lb. ' . -
1 HOPS — 25S30c pec lb for California,-.- J»03,
, and 20c "for crop. bt 1904. . • •' . „ ". ¦
Hides, Tallow, Wool and. Hops.
CHICAGO. . Feb. 2n.— pash quotations were
as follow?:'- Flgur, easier; No. 2 spring. wheat.
03c<0$l; So. :i, 00o®$l; No. .2 red, "JS%c©$l 03;
No 2 corn, T>3c; No. ii yellow, Me; No." 2 cmts,
42%4fi3<:; No. 3 white, 42>A«?'4t5c: gocd;fe«dihg
li'ai-layi.4(T!342c: fair to choice malting,- 48>g>58c;
No. ¦':'. I i flaxset-d, '. ?i'll; • No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 17: prime timothy eeed,"$a 10; mess pork,
per barrel; ?!? 25@<15 60; lard, per JOO lbs,
$1 li0&,7 i£i; short, ribs sjdes <looee). ?7 02%@
7 75; short clear sides, (boxed), $7 7ri@S; whis
ky, ba.nls of high wines, $1 27;. clover, contract
grauo, -sil . r ,0. .... . -.. -
AjtlcU-s ¦'— ¦ ''. • ¦ - . Receipts. Shipments.
Flod'r. bBrrels .' 2O.8(X) ' ¦JSl.CCO
Wheat,- TTu'stiels-.-... "."¦.•.;;.. 22.400- '. '24,800
Corn, bushels. .¦...¦.¦..',.".'.'. 213.200 ' ¦ SO, 700
Onts,: bushels... f... ?..».. \252,;«X» . 117,700
Rye, busftp.is ¦..".•¦¦. ?,'.;.¦ 5', 700 ¦ 8,200
Harlcy, - bushel's. .'.... "....-.- 78,000 • ' 8 J 000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
"Egrg. Pliht and 'Greeii' Peppers continued
'scarce' and high, but all other vegetables? from
the south' were In fr.ee 6 Jpp^y" and there was .a
•g^nero.t .<lecilne -in -prices'. Offerings of String-
Boanp consisted "•alm!)s>t entirely .of .'poor and
hard ".stock, a hd some .very poor lots were offer
ing below the. minimum -quotation, Asparagus
was offering freAly -and- '.prlc»a of. No." 1 stock
were shaded. • Mushroom* .-did' better under
light -receipts. ..•: •".•'•
• • POTATOfiS-r-liurbank-j. from the river, XI 10
@l 20 per -cti;- Oregon Burbank^'. -$1. 25<31. 50
pef ctl; -Petaluma. and Tomales- Burban,lis,
$1 15<?1 23 pep ctl: Rlve'r- Jteds, .$l(gl 10 per
ctl; small Oregon' B.urbanks foe seed. . OOc<g|l
•per ctl; Garnet Chiles.' $1 iff 1 10 per ctl"; Early
Rose. ?1 25®1 35 -per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $2 50
p?r cU; ne*> Potatoes. 2Q.1\jc- per'lb. . .
. ONIONS.— Yellow. $2 50^2 «5 -per ot|. for On
egon and $2-85@3--for. NevaSanV Green' Onions,
63&f76o'per.box. • ''.. •
• VEGETABLES— Asparagus,- 17V4<giOc per lb
for $Io-. 1 «nd.- 10615c for No. '2: Rhubarb.
10c, per- lb; Grejiri Peas', 6517c per 1b; String'
•Beans, 10(gl5c. per .lbi Wax. per' lb-;
Tomatoes "froin Los Angeles.. $t((ll.50 pe"r box or
Qrate;'. Summit Squash from .Los Angeles", $1<3i'
1 25 per box; Cabbage; ?1 10 per cM; tTafrcxts.
£0c per s.'ivk; Hoth<?use Cucumbers. T>0@7r>c |Vr
dozen for »maU"and $10125 'f6r .large;' Ga'rjic.
5S»jc- p.erlb: Egg. Plant,. 20!ff30c- pVr -It): Dried'
Peppers, f><t/8c per lb.-fQr Stpckton arid lO^fJlS^c
for' southern': Drlea- Okra: 10(frf2Vic'ppr lb;
Green Peppers, 20^.'!t)c per lh: Mushroom?.' it)®
iric Ikt lb; Marrowfat- Squash, l@l'4c per lb;"
Hubbard; »ic per 16. .•-.••¦'•;¦
Receipts of River Burbarik».were rather large
over Sunday-, but .there was no decline in. prices,
the bulk of the supplies being held by a 'few
dealers who controlled- 'the market." : Oregon
Burbanka .were, steady priding t'«? .arrival of
the steamer G. W. Elder, wKIcM.was hourly ex-'
pected with about --SO00 Eatk». .Air kfnds of
¦seed Potatoes were ,ln good' <-eqnpst -and firm
at previous prices.' .The market wa's "bare tff
S.weetH . at the opening anlj -a carjoa'd .of -fresh
stock, which- came lh. .early, was readily" mar
keted at an advance,'. ' Onions; were still .bring
ing good prlce.r.. '.-,•':' ;.•'•.- "'••...
Potatoes, Onions, and Vegetables.
The flooding of large areas of land along
the Sacramento River Is attracting the at
tention of k the Bean -trade, as It may .Inter
fere with the planting,' of a. good many fields
later on.. Otherwise, there Is nothing new In
tho trade; the 'marker ruling firm, with a con
tinued inquiry for overland shipment.
BEANS— Bfcytw $2 35fe2 35;' 1'ea *3; But
ters.. ?3 60; small White. $3 10©3 20; large
WJilte. $J 70«2 85; Pink. ..«3£3 25; Re.d. $5;
Lima, $.'{ 2Cfio 33; Ileti Kidneys. ?5; .Blackeye,
$2 1502 25 per ctl; Horse Eeans. $2fi2 50.
SEEDS— "Brown Mustard. $:» 73Ci4f Yellow
Mustard." $3@3 25; Flax, $1. S0#l ttO; Canary.
6®5v: c for. -Eastern- Alfalfa. 14®14*ic; Rape.
l.Vi^'2?: Timothy. ?:g i i>%c: H4mp 3i4®3%c per
lb; Millet, 363%c: Broom-Corn Seed.' $20^21
per ton. - . ' . - •
DRJED PEAS— Btackeye. $2 25Q2 DO per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Chicago opened th« week with ».»hai"P
break. Wires to Mitchell. Mulcahy A Cf>.
said: "Look out for Provisions. The country
trade is heavily long and the packers are sell
ing. Pork wae about 76c per barrel lower on
the day and Lard and Ribs 10@15c lower.
There' was. a much greater break during the
day but the market reacted sharply. It was
a case of liquidation by an overbought mar-
There was nothing new here. As intimated
In the last report .the advance anticipated for
yesterday did not take place, and when It will.
If at all," is- a question, in view of the dispo
sition to cut among local dealers. -¦-<—•-
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, HUc for light medium, 13%c for light,
14c for extra light and ICe for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams 13%e; California
Hams. 12W013C: M«s* Bsef. $1" &O&U P«tkW:
extra Mm. *11 50®12: Family. $12 .$9f "i
prime Mess Pork. ' $13: extra clear. $24@23;
Me58. $18: Dry Salted Pork. 10%®llc; Pig
Pork.. $2.7;. Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 143
Pe LARD— Tireces quoted at 7Hc per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure: half-barrels, pur*.
10c; 10-lb tins, 10%c: 5-lb tins. V>%c: 3-lb
1 COTTO*LENE— One halt barrel. 9%c; threa
half barrels. OVic; one tierce. »%c; two tierce*.
9c;. five tierces; 8?ic per lb.
Provisions.
F & C H fis. — 119 P & O R 89.11* —
Geary-et 5s.. 45% 90 Powell -st Bs.112% —
H C&S 5%s.lO4 — Sac EG&R5S 09V«100
Do 5s 98% 99 SF A 9JV5s.ll8 —
Hon R T 6s.lO8 — Slerr* R 68.111%112^
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 59..113 — (1000) ....105H —
L A L Co 6s — — (1010) 106% • —
Do gtd C». — — B P of C'«i
Do gtd 5s. 1 OR % 105% (19O0)Sr A.104% —
LAP lem 5s.lOlM02 • (19OR)3r B.106U —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll<J — (1006) ....107 —
Do lem 5s.ll6V; — (1912) 113 —
MV4 MtT5».103 111*4 SPC 1 eg 5». — —
NRR of Ces.107 — Dd stmpct.109 —
Do 6s ....118% — S P B R fts.134 —
KPC R5s.1O3 — S V W 6».107H —
S C Ry 5». — — Do 4s 2dm. — 'ICO
N C P C 8s. — 100 Do 4s 3rtm. »9%100
MSRRHi- 100U Stkn O*E«s. — 10O
O G L£H 5a.lO8 — U .G A E 34.105^ —
O W *td 6«. — 89 ¦ ¦ ¦)
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 3S% 41 |Port Costa..— —
Marln .Co... — «3 Is V ff Co. 40 40%
OA8 AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 2% * IS F O A EX 57% SS
Mutual E L. 9V« 11 Stkn a A B 5 — -
Pao L Co... 55 — ju O A E Co. — 37
TRUSTEES' CErtTinCATEa.
8 F. O A" E. — — | . .
INSURANCE. ..'
Flrem's Fnd.310 345 f
BANK STOCKS « !>
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 L P A A... — 170
Anglo-Cal .. 87H — Me r Trust... — *23 '
BanHof Cal. — 432% Mereh Ex... — —
Cal Safe Op. — 150 S F Nation!. — — , ,
First Nation!'— • —
SAVINGS. BANK3. .
Ger B & L. — 2300 |Sav 4- L. So. — 100
Hum 3 <fe L. — — 13*c Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.100-. — lUnton T Co. —
8 F. Say U.625 — |
STREET RAILROADS. .
California •.^ — -200 i Presidio .... — 41.
Geary ..-.....—•• 80 1 " .• . .
. ... - ' . "• POWDER. ¦ - •• *• ¦
Giant :•¦.>,.. «t .62 | Vlgoiit ...... i% —
- ' " ' . ' '¦;• '• '. SUGAR. .
Han». P -Co. — " *-£"-' Ki!auf» S C. — »:•
H*wallan-C...44% 48 ¦ Makarvell C: 20 2O*i
Honokan S C 11 12 Onomea S C — 29
Hutch. S P C 8 8% PaauhatfS C 11% 12\i
• ' ' .• • • MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska. P-A.135%137 Oceanic 8 C. 4% ft
Cal JT C A. 9ft. — Pac Aui FA. » «•
Cal- Wine- A. — • M. Pac C Borx.187 . — '
MVi.Mt Tm.'9O —
- • • ' ¦ • Morning Session.
.' . ; Board-r- -. • ' -
20 Alaska Packers" 'Assn.- cash. ..183 SO
• • • 10 Hutchmson 3 - P Co 8 60
.$5,000. L A -P R R 1st coa 6s 101 60
$9,000 Pacific Electric Ry- 5 per centlOl 50
• $5,000 3- P Cal Is v con 6s (stamped) . 109 25
• Street — ' ¦• ,
.• - 15 Alaska Packers' Association... 133 80
¦..-'oO Spring Vall»y Water Co 40 CO
•..-.. • ' .Afternoon Sesstbpl
-. ' : • Board.—.' . - . - ~
lOOMutual Electric Light ........ 10 00
¦' -2C0 S F-Gas & Erectric ".... 67 75
•'.•¦•20 S F' Gaa & Electric, b tf...:.. 57 73
• ' ' • ' Street — ' .• * •
\ 7.25 Makawell. .. . . , .' 20 25
•: .•;.-.' '; : Unlisted Securities'.
: ' .. ...^MISCELLANEOyS BONDS.
.¦-•...¦ Bid. Ask. I. * • * J Bid. Ask.
f Bay.CPC '68. Q» 102% S P C6 4%9. 98 93
B X. Wat 6s. — . 120 Sun Tel (5«..1W —
Cal. NW R5a.Hl — Do 5s -....102% —
I SF Droll 5s. -r-. 113% Suttf-st "R3s.lO3 11.1
I SF A NP. 5s.llinill% VR of SF 4i TS'i 7»i4
SPC Ry.5«. — J.00. -. •-
• • ' MI3CEL-LANEOU3 STOCKSj f •
Ala S .Co...".-.— : 25 SIHs Nat Ck.300 \ ' —
I Cal Cot Mlls-.-r- »5- Nev NafBk. — 210
Caf G&ECor-..40. •— N S R R 11 • —
t C Jockey, a.. K» 120 N. Ca,l P Co. 8 —
.Cal, Powder. 123 . • oak Bk Sav.112%' —
.Cal Ship Co. 15 " 30 .Oak T. Con.'.'fA. —
Cai-T I-A T.115 140. \ IOOF Ha"ll A'l 6% —
Cen Bk. C>ak 637i. — Orpheum Co. — 1«*I
I Chutes Co -. . C% 7% Pac a Tel Co — luo^,
! City "A C Bk. — 112- Para'f Paint. 3» —
East- Dynm,10O 230 S F Drydock CO —
FN.Bte.:Oak.l20 — SF&SJ Coal. — 22%
Fischer' Thtr I' • -r.- S J Wat Co. — 10«
Frneh-'A Bk.103; : — .•'• SO A MTgbt — 1(J5
Gas C*on .A., 19% -21. 3wlss-A BK.114 —
Hono P -Cftl .9%." — . : Truckee Elec — 13
!-L6oA SF Bk..— '. 60 UR InC pfd. 44%- —
, Mat Na.V Cp.-^-. »<> Do com .. 10% —
Vocal 'Bank -Clearings lose $7,390,600 in February.
Local 'Mini Coinage heaviest ..last month ever -known.
Fcclinjg' on'fcrc'gn bourses still' very sensitive.
IValt-st'r'eet Slocks .firm on the day. Cotton higher.
Sterling Exchange, slightly firmer. Silver a fraction lowsr'.
Cotjiijiued inactivity on the Jocal. Stock Exchanges. "r ¦[
Local IV heat and ' Barley .quotations show little change. *\
Oats, Corn and Rye about as before quoted. . .
Blooded leni'ds attract the attention of ihe Bean Trade.
Baiter steadier, with- sortie shipping demand reported.
CJCccst 'market still glutted I all over the coast. .
Eggs continue to decline r ivitli receipts and stocks excessive.
Provisions much lower at Chicago and unsettled here..
Hogs quiet, with the local packers doing nothing.
Mutton firmer, with receipts much, lighter.
Dried Fruits firm. Almonds higher. Prunes and Honey^quiet.
Potatoes and Onions about as before^ Vegetables weak. •
Receipts of Poultry light and Game higher in consequence. )
Oranges in much better demand' and, firmer. .
Apple 'market overloaded and weaker. ' .
i^alcustpnis receipts decrease in February. '.\ . ¦""¦:'. ¦:
Money— U 8 Steel 10»i
Call loans 3%®4% Do.pfd 56
Time loans ...4»;@o% Westing Common. 77
Bonds — ' ' Mining —
Atchison 4s - 07% Adventure- 2U
Do adj 4s 95- Allouez 3%
Railroads— Amal Copper 4S%
Atchison ..:..... 65% Amer Zinc . . 7%
Do pfd 88 Atlantic 7
Boston & Albany. 245" Blngham .: 19%
Boston & 'Maine.l6Q3( Cnlumet & Hecla.450
Boston Elev ....137% Centennial i% 16%
Fltchburg pfd 135 Copper Range 30
Mex. Central' 9% Daly West '34
K Y. N H &H..191. Dom. Coal ...... MVi
Pere Marquette.. 78 Franklin S
Union Pacific.... 7394 Grancy ...... 3%
. Miscellaneous — " • Isle Royale .... 7.
¦ Amer Arge Chem. 13 Mass Mining .... 3%
Do pfd 74 ' Michigan ........ 4
Amer Pneu Tube. 4^i Mohawk -34%
.Amer.Sijgar. ... ..124»i Mont Coal AC 2%
Do pf!5 :..12:'.%;oid Dominion ... 10 ¦
..Arner.Tel & 'Tel. 12.1% O?ceola : '.. 63
Amer Woolen 9% Parrot »..23%
Do-pfd.. •.....,. C9% Quincy SO
Dom Iron & S. . . 8 • Shannon : .* : 7 a i
Ed Elec- IUum.'.-.23O' Tamarack 05
Oeh Electric. 150 Trinity. 4W,
Mass Electric ... 18^ TT..B Mining 20U
Do pM.. s ...... mis xi s on.. 8*;
Mass Gas ".•...;.. 38% Utah 32.%
United Fnjlt..-. .. 00 • Victoria 3
Un Shoe Mach.. 45 WInona ........... 6
Do pfd 28/S-i Wolverine :. 'I-
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Ches * Ohio 4%s.lO3 gen 4s.. 95%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 76% SL & IM con-5s.H2»i
C. B & Q new 4s. 81% S L & S F fg 4s. SOU
C.M &SP gn 4s.lO8% St Louis SW lsts. 93
C & NW con 7s.. 129V* Seaboard A L 4s. t>5
C, R I & Pac 4s. «8% So Pac 4s 88%
Do col 5s...... 80V4 Ko Ry 6s Ill's
C.C.C & SLen 4s. 98% Tex & Pac lsts. 115
Chi Term 43 SO T St L & W 4s. C9
Cons Tobacco 4s. 05% Union Pac 4s.... 102%
Colo & So 4s 85' Do conv 4s.... 94ft
C F & I conv 5s. 71 U S Steel 2d Bs.. 72%
Den & Rio G 4s. 97% Wabash lsts 115%
Srie prior lien 4s. 96% Do deb . B.....V 60%
Do gen ' 84 W & L Erie 4s".. 88%
F W & D C lsts. 104 Wis Cent 4s 88%
Hocking Val 4 %s. 105- 1 : '
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Ontario 4 50
Alice 25 Ophlr 4 50
Breece 10 Phoenix 06
Com Tunnel " CG Potosi 14
Con Cal & Va... 1 50 Savage 00
Horn Silver '.- 1 15 Sierra Nev 45
Iron Silver 1 45 Small Hopes ..".. 20
Leadville Con ... 02 Standard 2 50
Little Chief ..... 0(iJ' •
SUMMARY- OF THE MARKETS.
The death of George P. Morrow', one of the
oldest Hay merchants In- the city, was posted
on 'Change, as will be seen in the local col
umns. ¦ .
Hay was quoted steady "at unchanged quo- ;
tat Ions, and the depression of last week was
no longer visible. There was- no change In'
FeedstufTs. - • .
B .BRAN— $21@22 per ton. 7 .: 7 •
' MIDDLINGS — $27 C0@29 per ton.' - ; ."' ?
SHORTS— J21622 fin ton.
FEEDSTUFF8— Rolled Barley $24^25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the Mill. $29 50#il;
Jobbing.. ?32; .Cocoanuf Cake. $21^22; Corn
Meal. $20 50®30 50; Cracked Corn. $30@31;
Mixed Feed. f22@23; Horse " Beans, $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn feed, 90c per ctl. .
HAY— Wheat. $15«S18; Wheat arid Oai, $15«J
17 60; Oat. $15@17; Wild" Oat, $14@16;
Barley. $13@15; S^ock. nominal— none here; Al
falfa. $12gl3 50 per ton. ' " " ' ¦* ¦
STRAW — 50@75c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at |3 S5^4 25
per bhl. ..
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 .per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7: Corn Meal $3 25.; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 C0@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75.' Fa
rina ?4 50; Whole Wheat-Flour. $3 60; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25@8 60; in sacks, $tf 75@S 10;
Pearl Barley. $«: Split Peas,' boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 10O lbs.
Wheat No.. 2 — . . . ... - .'.-
May .,..: 1 031i. 1 03% M% 1 01 -
July 87*i - »7%< -94*4 .05*4
July (new) 0<?Vb 9CH .03%, 94%
September -....• 91 .91 ': : 88% .- f>9 .
Sept (new)..... »0^ 00% -87% -88^
Corn No. 2 —
February — . ' .... .... 53"&
May ".'.. 5(3% 50% ! 55?i ' 50%
July ....... 55^3. 55% ¦ 63*4 • 55H-
Oats No. 2 —
May 4uV s : 45% 44^- 44%
July ."... 42 42 41^ 41Vi
September :i«Vi 36Vs -35^ .35^
Moss Pork, pe-p bbl — •
Mny 13 8» 16 00 14 95 15 ~.-i
July ::15W) 10 00 14 05 15.42^4
l^ard, per 100 lbs—
May.. 7 !>2^ 7 05 7 C5 , 7 87%
July ......8 05 8 10 7 80 S 05
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— . •
May 7 !>0 7 02% 7 47% 7 82%
July .7 93 S 02% 7 52%'. 7 90 .
ket rallied on covering by shorts, the close be
ing at 5ti%e. July ranged between 53%c and
Sf>^4e, closing %c lower at 55VgC to 55?4c. ¦;
Oats' followed the trend ot other- markets,
but the selling was of only email volume. May
opened unchanged to a shade lower at 45& 1
45^»c and. after selling down to 44%c closed at
44 | k@44%c. July ranged between 41'fcc and
42c and closed %o lower at 41 ftc. '
A sensational break occurred in pork under
liberal liquidation. . Heavy Belling! by. packers
and a lack of support caused a loss of $1 05
in tke price of May pork. The weakness in
pork spread to lard and ribs, but j those
products showed only moderate declines. Trad
lng was active and the volume of business was
larse.. Liberal receipts of hogs" and lower
prices at the yards, were factors In closing the
heavy selling orders'. There was a good com
mission-house demand on the decline- and a
fair recovery was made. , The opening on May
pork was <3own.l2V4c to 32%c at $15 80 to $16
and after selling off to 514 95 the market
closed at ?15 37*4,~.a'het decline JTor the day
of 0214c. May lard closed 10c lower, at $7 37 Vi , :
while ribs were down 15c at ?7 S2*£.'. ¦•'..¦•¦
Estimated receipts for . to-morrow— Wheat,
65 cars: corn.' COS cars; oats, 305 cars; hogs,
3S.000 head. ¦ . ¦"¦•-'.'¦ •-.
.The leading futures ranged as -follows: 1 •
Articles— . " Open. -• High, v." Low. Close.
Dehesa clusters. |2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters,
$2- 3-crown London Layers. |1 38; z-crown
London Layers. $1 25;. usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 18-os
carton*, per lb. 7%c; fancy 12-oa cartons, per
package $%c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7%c;
choice 16-0* cartons, per lb. 7>£c: choice 12-o»
cartons, per package. 6%c: choice bulk car
tons, per lb, 7«c;. 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per lb. 7c: 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. i^c: bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb. 6%c
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. ]*%**}**•
No. 2 HVial2c: No. t hardshell. 13«rl3*4c:
No. 2 1 " llfillHc; Almonds, 11H<" 'or .Nonpa
fciels, 11 Uc for I X U He for Ne. Plus Ultra
ftn.d 9V*c' for LanCued"oc; Peanuts, d»Tc for
Eastern; Pecnns. ll#13c; Cocoanuts. ii K^s;
Chestnuts. 5@7c per It?..
'HONEY— Comb. 10&U^ie for white and SHJJ
0>4c for amber: water white extracted. 50
5Vic; light amber extracted. 3$i@4V4c; dark.
6>4c; light amber extracted. 4*494%e; dark.
avi@4c.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb. "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. TUESDAY; MARCH 1, 1904.
LOCAL MARKETS.
¦¦-.NEWTORK. Feb. 29.— The feeble wavering
of prices In to-day' « stock market represented
'nothing rr.ore than the. fatuous attempt* of a
¦ few email room traders to find a movable spot
in "the rnarkct for diner an upward or a
downward course. The range cf the day's ex-,
(trctne movement vra* at rn average or coni«ld
rra.hly Ir? s than a point, and the extreme from
Faturday".* level was no more than a email
frgctlon. The afrgrcpate sales Tor the day
were 171.000 t har«-s. There was a day's record
of less than I»M).000 chares in August of last
year. The low««t for the <-urn»nt year until
to-day »a* touched on February 15. when
1T3.f«iO' chares wr-re fold. Thow- who mtb> a
profrrvicn «".f Stock Exchange dealing*. etth«r
«' trader* or n» commission brokers, look with
•.rP*T-h*wlon at tlie normal i>rr1od or dullness
«ltb this unpromising outlook. The market
AVa« York. Stock' Market.
Tiir? money— Sicady; sixty days, 3H04 per
rent: ninety' days. 3'.i04 per- cent; elx months,
.4^4 U PtT. CCE.t.- . ¦ . :
¦¦ NEW "CORK. Teh. 29.— Close— Money- on
call, easy; e.t 1*402 per cent; .offered at 2 ptr
cent. ¦
N-eiv York Money Market.
Continued on Pa«e Fourteen.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
*\_ By order cf Thomas Sheldy; contrac-
<H? tor of Nevada, I will sell at auction 3
fine moles. 10 heavy draught • horses, 37 all
purpose horses, 100 styles vehicles. SO sets har-
ness, at 1140 FOLSOM ST.. TUESDAY. March
1. 11 a. m. WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
*v^ AUCTION SALE AT ' ARCADQ
*-** HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST..
WEDNESDAY. March 2d. at 11 a. m. By or-
der of Milton Paterscn of Merced. I will sell
45 good work horses and marea Every horse*
must be as represented or money refunded.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.iExposltJVii Speeihi.
"'.One pfwir <6.O<)' Triinkii'jplll be -Just"
-the thing to .take Vl.th'.'you "to: the Erpoi
sittdn at St. Louis." Regular price "of this
Trunk is *9.6a. A, Bl. Smith- Co.. 133
Ellis st" •..-•• : .• . . * '
A.-- J. de ZeyK- was' found '"dead" last
•nI^ltt.-,"Anotnar 'vfdtirri. :of : .p6i'sxj"n
ijip.in -his- room aV"9?3' Ppjyeli street."
.t<4st . vreewD'e -Zeyk'and .his wife" rent-.'
e<$ the •apaMmenta. and • o.n TKuraday;
Mre; ' jde'- jZo'k wprit; -to : lia Ora!riae; Aif
fer "beV .departure her. Ji-u'sband com
metneed. ;drinkldfi: to. ex.ce'gs and -was
probably, ."drunk. *vhe;n asphyxiated-. .
Last night -a pjo* r erf"iiJ bdbr" "o ; f ; gas
pervaded the • hotel" anil ; :Rober-t iUIrin;.
t4>e proRrietdr "of."lhe estAbiisirhiejitt
m.. company With : Jana.es.: BrpWn,- ' a
rcorrier.- in th.e " hqu'se." went : to -.the
apartrrie.rits occupied" by' {ne-. deceased,
brake" open the- doiir". arid foun.d t)&
Zeyk Jying on the; bed., dead. .. ITe'^-as
partly.'. dressed. '¦','• The-'rop'm .was fiJled.
Avith the .deadly monoxide... Dr." Gil i '
was" summoned, bul his'"efforts'were
jvll inA'afn, as D.e Zeyk "was stone dea'd
before/ he arfciyed.-. An' examinatipri
•proved that the stopcock " of . a walj
bra-cket- connecting with a gas stave
w;as partly tu'rrjed ; oh; arid; Detective'
Colenian, ." who made -an- ! investigation
of- the affair, Is^ ot the" -opinion that
death -was accidental. The urtfortun
te .man r formerly conducted a lodg
ing-house for laborers at , Lime Point
• Chiatesi
• CpfemarJ: and' -Kle'xJs,. l-ri..a^.m;a'rve.Ious
exhibftfoh. ;-of •«h;arpsh.optlng,'; ipje^sed
audiences -at ."the . Chutes yesterday,
afternoon • "and ¦eyenlrig,-. jand.-. Jarhes..
Hennessy,! •• "the : . ; mQnoMgue- tfi^n,!.'
proved .-Very arnwstns )h; a.ipt' of. stories/
qTd ¦ and new. . KiE'lly " ahfl . yioleii^j the"'
'ifasrjiori. "plate ••'sinking: djio,!" "ciiaingedr
thetr sdng'a a!qd costiirnes:v the JMelnotle
sisters,; dashing •'spub.retfesv save- hew.
son.g : s'.and : dance's, '.aiidTippel And KH-'
meht, novelty ftiujcalicbrriedlan^;
iiafesoni the'.sLhge]p of-.tilustrated Bongs,"
and ' the aTil-mat^SjcOpe'. sKtfwI-ng'. many
interefting moving .pictures. Including
Bcenips i in.;" a ' &endocj no ' lagging cam^,
eoim.plVted an unusually/ stroh-g: ]?ro
gramnj'e. ¦'¦'¦. • r : " ' ¦• , r . ¦ • ¦•" ' :
DEADLif FUMES CLAIM. : . V -
?. • ' AS'QTttEk UNF6.RTC> t AT0
-..Murine Eye Remedy cures S&r? Eyes.
Makes -weak. 'Eres! strbng. atuFlne' doesn't*
smart. *Jt .soothes. ' •• • . • .. • ' . *. .
F^qher'i.
• "Roly Poly'-' is f uhnirtg jthe- la's't .we'eiq
.6f its e^ngagemejit;at JFisc : her's : Theater,
aiid. Inclde-rttiilfy rAarks- the' farewell of
Koib and ".bjll/ .:-"• : V: 1; ••''.; ;'- ¦¦¦ [
•": • Colombia-. •
.'. v The .Old-H6mestea'd"-is ndw'.in the"
second and la«t week of- [.ts prosperdus
engagement at the Columbia. ""Theater:
SQCIAD* ftY .TIICliAblES'"' ; ; " :
• ' AVXTLJARY" QF TIIK KXKSHTS
DelightXiU'FiincUon 1.4 Held, at Wiiipb
: .3Iembdrs 6J. Orgarilzatlon "and ¦'.
Commandery Participate. ' ' • " .
One" of the -most- delightful social
furrctions bf- the_ season was the first
qt .a- series' of three, to be given this
"yeai". by. the-La'dles,* Auxiliary of Cali
fornia ;Co.mniah.dery No.- 1, -Knights
TVrrqf>iar f - in- SteJpway .There .was
•danclnsl in -the I main: Jiall and progres
sive 'whisf in" the" ladles' parlor, ; * •';." :
: The -affair' was" alterided by- the..e"n-"
tire -'rnfi'tnbers'hip '61'. the auxfllar-y -&id
many. Sir "KnYghts : of .the Gommandery
that hadi'befi'n frtvlted to be-' present.. .'
• During ' .inierftilssipn the coih'mfttec
served -a dainty luncheon' ahd/coifcee
to "all, after which: :dariclng;wa&" again
"in drder uiitil .a\late ".h»ur. ; The func
tion was : under. the direction of Jles
dames'"Young," Ntehols t -and . Newman
assisted, by ]yjrs. JW. Jones,- presi
dent o<- the au-xiljary.. -'Theoddre" >Iar
tensteih. was the Vioor manager^ .-'"
- Cejitral.
,n Howard-; P. .Taylor, the veteran -iplay
wrig'ht, has written *a remarkably ex
citing pla^' -which he-cajls *"A Break"
For- Liberty,"' paving' constructed .his
plot on- the escapade "of the. Riddle
brothers, who made .th.eir desperate es.
.cape-from the Pittsburgh Ipriso'rt' with
t"he.ald-.bf the "WaVden's wjfe-.' The play
was' pre'sented- at 'the Central-last nijfjht
fdr- the first time here 1 ,' is plot
epough for. two pFays. there, are" situa
tions enough .tp serve \a dozen an.d" there'
are. exd.ting incidents irr plentjv "- "
.-' Peru," with, nearly X,-CH)O,(>;OQ 'Stjuare
miles,'' has only 4.00<).QQo' Ihhab'lfiht3;
and "tbe' population" has been, declining:,
or stationary for several ynars. •".". '--.: : "'* ;
-. KAKEAB >M.T4'. '.".*VbV: •.•».'— 'Jpfefli* .Rejah 61
Broicklyil. %n&- Clmxtot*. forO* of .Chioajro
.J«uRht;t.*ep.<5- r*uc'a* 6b ; ;a . 4raw'-here to,niKht.
.""What time did that young majj- kratyij
last night, Jane;?." .. M Abput 11 -.o'ciQck.,
papa.'* "It seemed latpr. fhan-.tha^t,'*..'*!!.
might have been -a Uttle la^r. bu<;jf
•ivasn't.his fault. You jseey I pa,v-fe-' hini
a iiheral ;tlme. allbwa43ce."-^cierv#Ian'd'.
Plaln.Deaier." • ' •'• ~: V' ;: . : r"'
Tour throat iroublesi- y«)U.-I Wso** Cpr?...irtll
stop.lt *R<J ctire It. At tirugghits.' 23c;'-.'," .."•'.•¦.
maLDI-Vf5 OPiTnATtOXS. -. .-' ".'¦:
¦>/ v V ' . ."Bltfijlv iS . FEBRUARY
I'tfrmjtj. for J36 New Stroctprts Js
' .t 'v*>'tied- at "an .^Vc:jtrfgale ; C<>vt .of;
:•;;:';/ V'; : -:si;(»39i93-;- ¦-••• ; '-. ;
¦¦ • -ThV .jipvi: "Jiun.'t. jg- 'operations' j>fo
;jpjrtcd- • ddririg 1 agigfegatecl
ll.ftS9.;&3.>\/arcord)rij5.'t6; figru'res- to'm^
piled 'fti. fhA.4jureau;ijf buildings;j.'es
.tcraaj'." • -Thil arnbaht : reiyrcgpnts. the
iESTranV-e ¦ of- \&€] Vr>eymfts : for', as mkri9
txjem$yAl6f&g$L\ >"::¦?'-. :-f- ";¦•'•';•¦
; ;. r -.There " :>«r^ ft, rvy-f b \jt r 'pertniis -i*
leue'd: fbr iltfratieris;- t.o'.oM'.b:uildrngs
a.tva;cij5t/r^tinvitF''o"f' i '5 i 038.^=9 6.- ... : ' •
The work of impaneling a. jury to try
the case of Joseph Feld, an ex-police
man, cha.Tged with the murder of his
father-in-law. Fritz Dirking, took " all
day yesterday in Judge 'Dunne's court.
The jurors are Henry T. Bray, Joseph
Michael, J. Sta-mper, Martin Keating, j
J. S. Bailey. F. M, Rust.. S? Jacobs. H.
. Schrbeder, Ei W. Ferguson* Alexander.
THain. C. P. "VV right and -Henry Brulie.
The defendant was represented by At
torneys Alford. and Spinetti. and the
prosecution by District Attorney By
ingtoh and Assistant. District Attorned
"WhitJjjg. The defendant evinced a. deep-;
interest in' the selection of the jurdrs*
and was constantly prompting his at
torneys. ' His aged mother was in court
and sat behind-.hfm. Owing to the ini
disposition, of Attorney Alford the case
was continued tUl to-morrow morning.
The story of tile, .crime is as tollows:
"Feld's young wife" left him. owing tp
his alleged HI treatment and went with
her baby to: the home of. her father,
Fritrf Dirking;- 11 Fair avenue. Qn the
evening of JCVtvember S Feld called at
his:rathcr-in-lavv*s house> He went, to
the rear ; door .an.d demanded admit
tance, and when It was refused -he tiied
to kick the do^open. Mis. mother-in
law, fearing. s serious' trouble, ran to- the
fr.oht door and shouted f-qr help. F&ld
went to the front doo'r*and,.it is. alleged,
struck Mrs.- Dirking seve'rai blows 'on
the head and body wf^h. a ple.ee of iron
.pipe. ¦ * ' ' • . :.'•.'•.¦•
• birk'kig's- son. had given his father a.
bread • knife, and Dinting .went to. hia
wife's assistance, Feld was trying to
force «his way inside, and "Mrs. Dirking,
and. 'Mrs. Feld Were Irying to .close the.
'.door- on •him«. pfrkiris" brushed »the two
wOmen aslde-.and faced F<»ld. -It. ."is
claimed jthat Feld struck". Dirking sev
eFal Wows" on • the head with the butt
end of his "revolver 'or a piece of if on
pipe, and^flred a- shot-.at him, -Whioh
tot>k effect. * _* .. • .-",'.
¦ '- Feld's wjfe -took* the revolver ffonr
"him, and. when the police arrived Feld
pointed to youhg Dirking and said he
(young Dirking") .had aone.tHe shooting.
Mrs] "Feld- enlarged"' her hqsband wi'th
the- shooting "and '.handed .the revolver
to •Sergeanf .Blank; "Dirking was. taken,
to- St. : ' Luke's lilspital- and died, next
mornfng. Before he died he Identified
Feld as the man, that Shot' him:
.It is said that a* pica of seJf-defense
wiilba maiie for. th<» defendant • *' •
Trial of Ex-Policeman on
Charge of Murder Begins
in Judge Dunne's: Court
IMPANEL JURY
IN FELD CASE
GrV'IIi : SERl^CE CO3DnsSlOX v. .v
GI\XS ATJDITOR 3IORE . TDCD
Haxry. Baehr Is Given. AnottieT. Week
In Which to Explain Alleged* '.'
" • Violation of Ihe Charter. '. <"-/•'.
At the regular meeting o{ the Glrll.
Service Commission" last night Auditoj*.
Baehr, through hfs • attorney.: Wj : IT.
Cobb, was' granted another • wisek In",
which to prepare his explanation' Vaal
to the alleged -.Illegal, appointment --of.
ja. number of deputlfs..'to assist =h'lm.
tfurTn£ the rush of tax work, last .year;
The Civil Service Commission -claims"
that Auditor Baehr made .a number' 6?
appointments*, 'of "clerks Xo assist .Whi
in his. office who .were fi'ot certified, tw
by" the' commission. -.BaVhf ¦ claims •
that the commission did-, not' 'furnish
him enough men and hi. view -of "th-?:
fact that he" is under- heavy' bdnds
';ornp!ete . the . tax . roll oh a certain'
•latp he was compelled; - : t6"-ap'ppJrit"
clerks that the -work" might : be donas'
In time^ • * .• ' • _••" .- •""..
The commission " hap ".no power. " to."
try the- Auditor-, but merely wants. hiar
explanation as to why he made the ap— ,
polntnierrta '-in.- to - as'cef'tatn.
v.-heth'er h» has violated .the.pr'ovi-.
slons of. the charter^;" ¦•-••. ".- . " .: ."-. "¦
"* The case will conie «p. .beforer the
commission next Monday niffht at the:
regular .m-eeting. The. commission- last"
nig.ht refused " tp of trie ap
pointment, of W>.C ' Commary,- st<ire-"
keeper of the Board of Public Works-, •
clainiing that there were eligible' men.
on. the civil ¦ service rist.,'.* ••.•••¦;"•"- ••"
County C?3erk Greif yesterday filed
•a report trith- the Board of Supervisors
¦In .which he states that at ..the present
time there: is in the neighborhood of
J200.000' inheritance ' taxes du^ and un
coJl&irte^ ffoxn 'collateral -heirs., of. de
ceSents -and which could and should
if. paid Into, the city treasury- Gr'eif
"asks that -.a competent clerk be ap
pointed to. give his undivided atten
ti.on'..to. the matter."' Under the charter
his ; cnTce "force ' has -been "reduced : to
X^rtv-hlnfe -.clerks. : he says, and thebusl
-C.c'Sft "In ' the effice "has" materially'- in
<:he.a^ed: Oreif vi'ants. authority to ap
ppjnit'a" clerk, who' must be thoroughly
fafnilfar u'itli -proba.te law. . ..
:- -The >omtnuhicatiop from the deco
ration committee of the Knights Tem
,'plgr ".r^rcjue'sting-tHat; Jh6 privilege be
AccCMTOd in -use .the poles and. sockets
lfi-'lIarket'-siTeet with Additional . poles
•¦extended to. the ' ferry; '• also that the
•dopre -of the'; City M^l be lighted d,ur<
iii|:'th'e".Veek ef the' Twenty-nfnth Tri
«rintai.:.<r'iactaye,'- t^gtnnlng, ' September
¦%, jiw'ftf<^M t6 the.Srreet Committee.
: "<Jharl.es 'and Harry ;Bush petitioned
thejb'oard" to' xjijecf the Oity Attorney
:tp: : afs]fn\ss"' the action' brought by the
xit-'y," tc c-qtrrpel - fhe rerhqyal" of certain
itie'PS p.roj.ertipg .cfgntepn Inches on the
fcidiwalk ' at the' northeast- corner -'. Of
£<3<?y' ajidTrttUMn streets -fn. front of
iiiirinltjwH «>.lfcnf»t jij the petttioner. =. -
V. The -proposed ordinance providing for
•thxf/jesta'blfsEroeriit. of. fref publje flower
Kiark^ts a.t the' . corners of Third and
ite'rkeX". {kearny .arid • Market; :• Geary
aVid.-. Jvearhy and'-. M.arke't : and. Powelf
fir^etff.and' ofher' locaticHis desiginate'd
. vas:' .r*t*f<j"rr^a ;. to fbe".Street Gom.rnjt T .
"teel,. •• C«'nnor 'e-xplajxied that th£ .retai.l
iJo;wei""dealRf€;".werf. unaware tha't .sttch
;a-la'-K'5va& t«T.o<> enacted.' • • : -
••:Tht...r^f'oIutiorr : appointing an adyis
cry'^cmrnjttee to .aot" w.ith-; ih<? .Mayor
Tioftrid. in- Oi<?. matter bfijibe
¦distrib'ut'inn' o^ the'Rn'blr.sdn.'a.nd/Heriry
•Wiftdel b^^Uest'fiindfr.vi-ap.aacrjnpd. ."
\. City. 'Attorney Ljorig filed ;a statement
ebjn* : !*3?' 'rhaj , hel nil!" ne^d T22-.040' to
iohQucx- hfe".offii-e. during -thf next- fiscal
ire^K /'; •->¦ .. - .- •"-:, .- •".....":¦•: ;
:"•" ¦¦•.'Srhe .'Sail .•.F*ran r c|ycf»' Art -Association
fi^d' a'.^rotppl against- thp ! removal, of
¦ffott'er.^veiiflers. from ilie sidewalks, ¦
'vOt'di-nsn^es nei» -jjafppd to print xtrr
deiiirig-.thf? .fr-pstr.uet'fori of:st&n<}-8ld5|r
j^filfi»;«tx'-{e«t in jvvj.(Jih on. Eleventh
avffcuj*.' BetircenJ H. and I ¦ street s. .a ntl
:.thi?;.rflrist-riuctron .of.R.'.senfr in Ninth
av*hxi» '-"SouthV near- K street "South. '. •
The lot of the visiting comic opera
company in town- here Is not the hap
piest one. . Nor wiH such performances
as the Tivoli gave last nfght make 'it
any easier. Much was promised by the
management for the new : comlc opera
regime with, the opening of-, the new
house! Much was performed last night
In the production of "The .. Gypsy
Baron," given In accordance with .the
promise of the management to revive
some of the classics of light opera.. The
house has spread itself on the produc
tion. Signor Russo, who reappears .as
the gypsy baron, is probably the most
expensive thing there, but the cast has
stars "to burn." And the chorus—Lil
lian Russell, fresh from Gotham show
girl visitations, might well praise this
young and vocal band. Pretty It Is,
too,- 'graceful and alert, '. and -we are
gratefully yours for it. Director Stein
dorff.' • •
SIgnor Busso's welcome was of the
6bstrepe.rpus sort. The large audience
was peppered with' his friends, who
held up the. opera for several seconds
•to greet the little tenor.
There seemed to be, in fact. ¦ the
sneaking hope of a speech in SIgnor'
Russojs brand-new English, . He, how
ever, declined, but hurdled over a very'
Italian high C with evident gratitude.
As mav be imagined, he fits excellent-
ly well Into light opera.— the pity oh't
is that it Is not lighter, libretto-ward.
He* has the right mercurial grip, the
spirit and shape and lightness and
fun essential to the business. .And
Sigrior Russo's English would serve a,
fuller turn than Strauss permits. He
still "lofes' you," but'th'e tongue is evi
dently not made in Germany. It -" is
perhaps- superfluous to mention that
Russo's singing is a delight.
The comedians have less of a chance.
Hartman has a good part as Keltrier,
the swine owner. He 'is ausge-noble
in the role. Webb makes the most of
the part of Count Homonay,. and Ar
thur Cunningham of the Count Camerb
role. But the Strauss librettist was
chary of his fun. : wherein Jies the
weakness" of most of' his operas. Luck
ily there is much else to compensate.
The music, with Its prevailing: Hun
garian color, fine trios, stunning cho
ruses, is amply .charming. To Caro
Roma, who, as the gypsy girl SafflVsang
delightfully, the production owes
much. The role suits her admirably
vocally, and she did sing: A pleasing
surprise was afforded by' Nettie Deg
low's Czlpra, an old gypsy hag. Miss
Deglow's make-up was exceptionally
clever, arid her acting highly promis
ing. She has a voice., too. and is learn
ing rapidly how to use it. Annie Mey
ej-s sings pleasantly the Arsena part,
and Bessie Tannehill is useful as Mifa
bella. The Tivoli has. outdone itself in
• settings and costumes. . ..
. BLANCHE PARTIXGTON.
Alcazar.
One of the smoothest first-nights. that
the Alcazar has had for many a week
occurred when: "Miss Hbbbs"- opened
the. week's bilKJa.st night. ;Tfie delicate,
subtle little corrredy". of Jerome, with
its- perfectly . artistic situation^, its
sparkling dialogue arid its underlying
satire, might easily be rendered nil by
the least' overdoing, the failure of a
climax or' a dragging of. the- lines; -"but
tftiriKS were mere' tliari satisfying- last
night! .'.' . ' • •• ¦ .'. ' ¦ . . . .- '
% - It is in light, 'sketchy comedy of this
sort that" Mr. .Durkin and Mis? 'Block'
seem "to find, themselves •perfectly, at
horiie. : As; Wolf, JCingsearle. the eaSy
going man of -the' world arid knowjng^
squire. of .dames, the. leading tnan'.s part
is all one of quiet" suppression. JVot a
iljcker of \he eyebrow must e*?ca£e. -as a
sign of- excitement. .TMg".-. Mr, Durkln
carries out.-to.tHe ddt. .""-". . * * -.
Ib the man "held for observation" at
the Central Emergency Hospital John
G. Meyers or Rev. W. S. Eldredge? Is
he shamming or has he really slipped a
cog mentaliy? Has he actually, forgot
ten-his name and his past. or. is his
declaration of a blank in his memory
mere feigning? These are questions
which the Insanity Commissioners are.
trying somewhat blindly to solve. The
case Is one of the most perplexing that
has recently come under their notice.
The man came to the Emergency
Hospital last Wednesday afternoon,
saying that a little while before as he
was stepping off a car at Turk and
Devisadero streets something In his
brain went wrong and he suddenly
found himself unable to remember who
he was or to recall anything as to his
antecedents. He had a memorandum
book and an Episcopal prayer book. In
his pockets, but these gave no positive
Identificatioh. .One of them contained
the name "John D. Meyers." and he
said; he. thouglit this, might be his
.name, AmorighlS' few possessions was
a .card, "of Rev. Henry B. . Collier, an
Eplscppal Clergyman ¦ .residing at 85
Bartlett. street, but 1 .when Mr. Collier
called on the patient. at the hospital
neither was able to remember the other.
THE MAN'S OWX- STORY.
¦ Yesterday! morning Drs.. Wadsworth
:and- tiustlg, the Insanity Commission
ers," spent -some -time in; questioning the
but reached no positive con
•clusioh as" to. his case. He complained
of s.eyere- -.-pains' in the.- back of the
•head." No marks pf a blow were found,
however, a,nci the physician^ do not
take much stock In his "story of physical
sufl^riilg. H-e -t old ¦ them .also that his
only recollection of anything preceding
h}s .gettinig'.bff the car on Wednesday
ivas thaJt he had been in Portland. Or.,
about February 10.. but hov, v :long he
>v;iA ;;there.;. whom he met or what lo-'
.calities" in that city he vjsited-he pro
fessed utter inability to. remember. .
! His von.verpatio>i on other lines was
yery.fnt.elligent. indicating a good edu
cation. . He is. of. refined appearance,
about 38 years old. with dark hair and
m$stacbe *nd' two weeks' growth of
beard. 'He- entertained, the Commis-
Fioners t?r Writing some amusing dog
gerer and drew for them several
sketches th.1t • showed him a clever
draughtsman. . To the . best of his
WrpIJeptioh. he said^ his home was
formerly iTi.: Virginia- and he was- a
y a le • .gralduate. ; Dispatches .received
yesterday from Xeiv Haven ladicate
that no Yale map answering to the
teie'graphed description is. known to be
missings • - . ¦. • .. •; - • • ¦:'¦ •
' • More do!jnite and likely information
a? to the : -man's' identity came last
•night in a dispatch from Butte, Mont.,
saying that jlev. S. c: Blac'kistoni rec-.
tor, !of. St. John's. Episcopal Church in
that cit>'. declares '.thai the man. at the
Emergency .' Hospital here ; under the
name of Meyers is really. named Eld
•redge-. and that he had called on the
Veetor • jjeveiafci weeks ago; when' he
acted irrationally. ..He' then had a
Binair Episconal|ap : prayer-boiok with:
hini, aiid aditiltted Jhat he had -de-'
s'erted. his' wjfe and t\yo "children : at
Sheridan," M.ont... 'adding; • that- he- was
!then .on. his. way. to. gan Francisco; ..to'
lake '«n editorial ". position' on. ; the
Examiner!.-" ¦? •'.¦¦-.;".¦.".¦.- .-• '"•' ; "- ./ . -"
SlAY. BK MISSIX€ CJjERGl'lHAXi •
¦ A" 'sOll .later, dispatch" from; Bu.tte
;gave further details regarding the man
Eldredge. believed' .to be the same per;!
soirnow. conflned" in trie "insan-lti^ ward
at" the hospitaf: It .is'-said the nia'n "in.
custody (raii. ReV.'^W. S. Eldredge, "an
Epjscppa.1 clergyman, "who came fr*om
Chicago' a' .few- months ago and- took
charge of admission at Pony., Mo.nL'
He also, had a second misslpn at Sheri- ]
dari. in the. same State. He had dis>"
«o.pi>eare.d.-six -weeks*' agro'. and. his.. wife
arid. family had. not. since heard-o.f him.'
They repbrted that he" was subject.to
fjts : of dementia^'.. ."' .
•Eldredge.. -6v Meyers, was seen "last
night at .th'.c hospitaL On. being sud
tfrnly addressed as "Mr. Eldre'dge," he
istaitled,' st'anvmerod; "and" then," collect
jri{r:Mrnself. : said with studied courtesy
and Oelfberation:. "I do'not think, that
is nTy name,; .Jt rrtay be. 'but I- am
fcu're'it is'npti" ••* ¦ ' -"• ¦' ' "¦'
¦fDen't - y.au / re'menrbej l ...ypur f rienS.
the- Rev. ' Mr.*- piack.lston '• ot- ¦: Butte, :
Montana.*?'.'- vfas % '. ¦ :• V • .•.
•f*Ko? I -do not. recalj- that .1 was. ever
in'the State <rf- Montana," he ?aid'.' - ;
••"But .y'o(i..Td;oubtless rernembej that
.y-&\> -weVeJIh charge ef. an . KpL«c<«pal.
rnls : si'oH .at. Pony, arid anqther.ai igheri*
'dan.. Mont.,. do y'oiinot?"' . : '.' ¦¦ ¦. - ..'
.. : "X.o;- , I' '-"carjinot : remember .= (hose
•places.-. I do' wot think I wasr connected,
\yith the Episcopal .diergy,- although .1
seem fe .have .been, a 'ch.utcJhftnaB."'"- " ..
-. _Jv.Wheh."-and where d-icf you |last -.see
j:ou,r wife .and 1 '' ' -. ' • '
';*i;haye- neither. I-'aoi-ndt a. married
.man. .Of;tha't lain positive." [¦ " . " "
The :. : sp<jak?cr ¦' was" apparently-, frahlc .
and. read.ywith-':h£s answers.. His rebplr
JeVtiQij tbat have .occurred
since} Ws coming' to "the .hpsplta'i is per-:
fect._ He 'has been" very tractatjl^, and
e«e.n>s t6. : bip as; anxtous as : a're : 'the hos
pital authorities to establish hts' ideti-
pfjt. • NeverthclesSi;.ther<jjis a sospicion"
that he ; ts feigning- mental ¦.atrerr'ation.
and. "that the flnaV igsnravellng • or the-;
rnystery will'-sliaw 5."- cau"se:fbf his-prev
suraea .desire to-ccjnceal his *eal person
ality;.' "He o'bjecfea strejiuously. yester- :
day tor heing photografjhe'd,".'. Copies "of",
his picture will- be. sent to tfte .Montana
towns named in order. 'to • determine i
\yhether' he' ik' "really -the mjssrng 7 eler
eyman, JEWredfee. : V". ; \ •" • ; "
Street Committee to Recon
. • sidex Ordinance Providing
for '.-free' Public Markets
"Miss Hob]bs".at Alcazar and
"A Break for Liberty" at
Central Are Finely Played
Man May Be Rev. W. S. El
dredge, Episcopal Clergy
man, Missing From Butte
SUSPECTED OF FEIGNING
OPERA WELL RENDERED
The Supervisor* last night by a vote
of 10 to 8 fixed the gas rate for the
next fiscal year at 90 cents a thousand
cubic feet, as against $1 20 for the year
Just closing. This decision was arrived
ai after deliberations extending over
several days, during which time a mass
of evidence was. taken and. the records
encumbered with figures in which mil
lions were as plentiful as flowers in
spring.
The meeting yesterday morning was
thrown open to any that might wish to
make complaints, but only two , pro
testants appeared. One of these claimed
his bills are higher now than they were
when gas was sold at $2 a thousand.
The other was a woman who keeps an
apartment-house and considered her
bill exorbitant. None of the improve
ment clubs were represented.
This" rate of 90 cents is the lowest
ever fixed In San Francisco. Regarding
the rate President Bourn of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company,
addressing the Supervisors, said:
I wish to do nothing but call attention to
the figures already given. The rates of the
Equitable, have been quoted, and we can enow
that we actually make it cheaper than the
Equitable did. as the figures quoted for it
were unfair, as they were only for one month.
We have kept all the promises we have made
and reduced the rrlce below the maximum
Placed l>y you There has been consldcrablc
talk of people telng dissatisfied. \ou met
this morning to hear the complainants and
what, was the result? Two people came before
you and said that their bills were too High.
This we consider a good shpwlng. .
WAISTS TU E OLD RATE.
I ask you that the rate be flxed at $1 20.
that we may be able to give a fair return to.
our stockholders. . .'/'';
The company is selling gas at fl at pres
ent chiefly to- get the Rood will of the peo
ple' and Increase the consumption of. gas. .If
the consumption is increased ¦• sufficiently wp
will be satisfied with a$lrate. Of course it
is to our advantage to do this, as we wish
to keep out competition., "^d we would re
duce the. rate to SO cents, if possible, to keep
out competition.' » • • '¦ '
On being questioned by Mayor
Schmitz,. Mr. Bourn said. that at pres
ent, while the maximum rate is $1, ow
ing to certain old contracts the aver
age is 91 cents. At this rate the com
pany is making a profit,' but this, he
claims, .is a -showing due chiefly to
bookkeeping, as. th.e depreciation ac
count had not been charged up. Gas.
he said; cannot profitably be sold for
less than 51.' and at least 2Vfc per cent
Should be set aside for depreciation.
As regarded competition, Mr. Bourn
said the Independent Company, could
hardly have been considered a fair com
petitor, .£s it entered the field not so
much to make, money as to impro%'e
ttie service. This, he said, it certainlj:
did, and the head of the company has
greafiy benefited the public. He dc-es
not under present, conditions consider,
it possible for a competitor to enter the
field and make money.
Attorney Samuel Knight for the com
pany said:. - * '..' ¦ •
•We consider • the present rates of the com
par.y should -ba . sustained. It has never been
th* policy of. the company to charge the traffic
all It would, bear. As A matter of fact, we
have not chaired the fufl -maximum and will
not do so In the future, provided the consump
tion keeps up as It has been apd the cost of
labor and other supplies are not Increased. V
the anticipate* raise in the cost «f oil. coal
and cok-e iakr>. place and the concessions to.
workmen- are. jrranled add a proper depreciation
run'.i Ik oet aflde. the cost of production will- be
increased 10- cents on the thousand feet: -
PBEPAUES OUDIXAXCE.
At thte- poinf a recess was iakeh
that the Artificial Light, Committee
might prepare an ordinance.'. Jt re r
turned the. following':. - ..." ".•;
Your "Committee oh ArtlflclalXIghts.' to-whom
has-been delfsrafd the prei>arat,»on of .bills flx
liig ana. -establishivix ' rites to.b« charge^- for
hcat.iipht and po'wei-. to tHe city .and -cou;i'ty
•andj tho Inhabitants Jh'erepf for the- fiscal 'year
commencing July .1, - "inftl.- begs " ."leave to -«.tate
that. It h'as.givn the^ muter care/ul'corislderaV,
titin and now ' repo* 1 * 8 to J'oijr 'honorable' board'
j'he following bills, with the r^.cpmnienilatl.on
that the- .same' do pass, vlzr'. ' '•¦•'• .' '• • ¦'• '¦• '
• BIH Xo. ' — ~, entitled ."Fixing the minlmunv
•Standard quality and "illuminating., .power -hf
gag-and the rnaxlmum. rate and '.price -to. be
charged therefor ttoe the year commcpc'lngr July
1, 1004. anl ending-JUne W>., 1WW." •" ¦-
Bill So. -— -, entitled "Fi!*w.K the maxdmunr
rate ani price to 'b&ch.arged for Incandescent
and •" electric Hsht* -arid -fdr ;' electricity -for.,
heat- and 'poweV' purpose? for "ttie ye(lr <.-"tnmenc-
Ing July V, lJKHi. anaenHIng j;une SO. .-1005."
, "-Th<» :rates..fl.\«» for gas. cotite.ivp1aite« a. rf-"
Auction- 'it: th* ' present .prlcv" of gas. from |1 "0.
now'fixed "by. taw, \to -riinety (90) -cents'' per 1000.
cubic, fe.et. • . .'..--, " '. • • \" .
'Ynjjr committee recommends' by * Its bill for
the i3rlce«- to "be Aarited for electricity that
tie-rates.be unchanged from fa.st .year, w'ith"
tho exception* that In the matter of arc lamps
burning ¦ from .sunset to eunrlpe the. price b«.
•fixed at $2 K).a week, and for are lights burn-
Ins fi;om eunset to mMnlght at $175 a tveek.
It appearing that n<> cotnplarntB ha've been
made ajs to thf prices charged for- electricity,
and: your commlttee--<leenTlrtB .It- a fair price
from the evidence adduced during It? .Investi
gation. ¦ . ' • .. ' ¦ '¦ \
: BltAXDEXSTEtX OBJECT*.
Rraridonstoin moved, that the] section
of/.the ordinance, fixing the gag rate be
amended to fead (1 .inste'ad of 90 cents",
though" be'^ald the boardhad frequent
ly-bee.n laid open-', to. charges ofbeiog
under the-.' pay of corporations 'if it
voted t6r a' fair fate.- An- increase- er
reductlon T of 10'cents fnean$.Iit.t!'e to the
r.Bte payer, but much to -the company.,
which' has h»<3' considerable to -contend.
with; d-urlns' the last year • "^ " -I ¦'; >':
'. D'Ancona; asked if • .the .committee
*had : estifnated what the. jjet revenue
w.c-uld. be' at the .prQpos.ed ra.tc. . :
• 9-andprs'ori replied* that- he did. not.
Ijayis the-flguTes. at his disposal at.t.hat.
tiiii.e, but ¦ they had . ell -been,
to 0e .feoa-rd.- H*' xorisjaercd ;&Q cent.? 1
a' fair raie % ¦ ." : »' : .. '. • : .- •
. A; vote was . -than takeTi' \on . the.
Amendment and ft, was Lost- by. a -vote
of t'O.rto^' /The* .original bill was. carried'
by.'a vo.ft-.of .10 ttf; 8. " ' •' .-. , .
After, the • yqt'e ; was taken' PresijJent
•Boarn '"-.eafd": -'. . -. '• . . " '•;, .:''¦:.¦,
.- ln-"hop*s*tf>at of you may ' reconsider
your ><rUfln. 1' trill pikTieT a >tbtunient. Just
«-h»t -y.du ,H-:ilr'dp I- do not *ndiir, but ¦!-«*&
•know fhat.-lf -you reduce. <he rate-to no ceitfs'
the. •oitiawis- of San Francisco." fi\\i /eel- the
¦aift'.erepce. 'JVC* will '. >ts- "we" are .' eptltledi' ttt
.•clmfsre £1 20 a. thousand 'taMll/tlre" ofdlnarrce
ppes inio- eftea>and -tvilj" piake no. concessions
to the clfy; . • •. \- " . : . ' * • . • •
Shortly after midnight the Water
Committee of the Board ctf Supervisors
presented its report, which was adopt
ed after "a brief discussion.
The adoption of the report will make
practically no difference to the rate
payers of the city, for, with the excep
tion of changing the hydrant rate' from
$2 to $1. it re-enacts the ordinance
adopted a year' ago. This ordinance
was never enforced, as the company
objected to it, took the matter into the
courts and no decision regarding it has
as yet been rendered. Irt the mean
while the company, by agreement, has
been collecting, on the rate fixed In.
1902. "
Supervisor Comte alone 1 objected to
the adoption of the ordinance and of
fcredas a substitute the 1.902 ordinance,
under which rates are now being col
lected.. His amendment was defeated
by a vote of 17 to 1.
Supervisor d'Ancona said the report
of the committee was based on the val
uation of the plant made by the City
Engineer, with" a reasonable allowance
for taxes, operating expenses and in
terest on the money invested. Braun
hart also favored the proposed ordi
nance and it was finally passed to
print.
KELLOGG MAKES PLEA.
At the afternoon session of the Su
pervisors, sitting as committee of the
whole. Attorney Kellogg, representing
the water company,- made a plea, that
the rate established in 1902 be retained
at .least until a decisioa is given by the
United States Circuit Court on the dis
puted rate fixed in 1903. He said in
part: . : . .
"During this investigation some seri
ous inquiries have been made regarding
the capabilities of the Spring Valley
Water Works.' It has been stated. that
the company was near the limit of its
output, and I wish to brand this at the
outset as a misstatement, as the com
pany has planned ahead, and at the
normal rate of # growth the present
plant will be sufficient to supply the
city seventy-five years hence."
He then read a : statement regarding
the supply, in the various watersheds,
which showed that the company could
supply <a city of 2.000,000 inhabitants.
Coming to the niatter of rates, ¦ Mr.
Kellogg said it would be only fair to
again fix upon the compromise rate
of 1902, which is now . in force, as It
was based on a valuation made by the
Cit>» Engineer smaller than that of the
present year.
INCREASED COSTS. •
In fixing the rate according to the
valuation of property he requested that
cognizance be taken of the fact that
the cost of labor has increased 50 per
cent and labor is one of the largest
items of operating expenses. The cost
of redwood lumber .also had advanced
100 per cent and large quantities of
this must be purchased to construct
and repair flumes. •'
• Kellogg criticized the report of En
gineer Dunn, who, he claimed, did not
figure, on. a sufficient acreage at the
reservoirs and catch" basins to prevent
the. water from contamination.
VRTpICS OF WATER BILLS.
Bontd of Supervisors Refers Thcin to
. '. • City Attorney, for IiCgal Advice. ' "
. .The . Board of Supervisors ¦ yeste.r-,
day referred' to" the City' Attorney for
legal advice the .'Mayor's . vetoes -of .t.he
demands of the '.'Spring VaHey Water'
Gonrpany for ' 'water furnished 'to- the
city -dar-ing.- Jariuary.'. The -City-. At^
tbrney'-'wlili -advise 'the . board ;.if -the.
.Mayor. V technical ¦ bbjecfions are'- suf
fieient to" withhold' the-payment of the
bills. ..,¦..¦'¦; •/... '.¦: ;' •.. ' • "
• : Supervisor.: Brandenstein-' explained
that .the chargre^- for water Were made
i'n! ' accordance '.with jjn' agreement
made..\vith the-Sprin^ VaHey.Compiioy
at. the'ti.me of : 'fixing: the budget: A"
flat rate of $2- vyasmade for hydrants
arid' the sum of- '$1-4, ()00 appropriated,
for water for: pu&lie buildings, whicfi
was less than would liave_ to be paid.,
under the ordinance. noW «bpirig: llti-*
gated • in the United * States courts,"
Rrand'enstein said, .
.Mayor Schmitz insisted tha't the
.bHls. did- not .specify the quantity of
wSter use"d nor under what confrgi-ct,
agreement or ordinance they were in
curred.- •' • .. . .•
: 'T1)OW. M said the Mayor, "that pri
vate consumers carinot be made to pay
foTwa'ter until sychtimp as # the.'vaUt!
lty : of .tire, ratos fixed by^-the'Supervis.'
ors. Is finally determined by- the
courts.".' •¦•• ¦..•".*¦ ..
'Special Assistant • Engineer Duna
.said *he had 'advised -the Mayor t\6t to
sijr.n "the" demands .because* they did
not' specify that the. amount wajg _a
reasonable value .qf the water iiir
.nfshed. 'bunri claimed -.that the bills
are"noL dj/ferent. from '.those 'fiifnishexj
tofpriViit^ consumers.- of water.'' ¦'¦:
TO- HEAR FLOWER 3IEX
Friends of Little Tenor Vo
ciferously Applaud Hiiii in
"Gypsy Baron" at Tivoli
Mysterious Stranger Avers
That His Memory Is Whol
ly Blank as to His Past
Cfimity Clerk Greif Says
¦ Considerable 3Ioney Is Ow
ing on Iniieritance Taxes
Supervisors Order Substantial Reduction in
Cost to the People of Illuminating Fluid.
Re-enact the Contested Water Ordinance
WOULD COLLECT
CASH DUE CITY
CANNOT TELL
HIS OWN NAME
NINETY CENTS IS RATE
BOARD FIXES FOR GAS
GREET RUSSO
WITH CHEERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL', TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1904.
Adverttslnir ."malllnf; ¦ cards printed ¦ by : Edw.
S. KnQWle»,'24 Secupd street." . ¦; .;. .• /
Log Cabin! VThe .bread'. with a 'flavor.' 1 . A«k
your dealer— wholesale — 300 Dolores st. •
Admiral Schley hag beeR attending
the yacht races as guest of : the New
York Yacht Club, butmanaged to keep
himself -in -the background in spite of
efforts to Ho'nize him. While 'bn* board
the club steamer Monrnouth he care
fully avoided sailor talk, and made
landlubbers happy by.saying, "Let's go
downstairs" instead of "Let's . go be
low." ¦¦.' .-'.
Ityvili r teetwre.- po . thp .war.:
" pr.:M / ,C.' Harris- willgiye. a : frpe il
lustrated 'ie"ctureat--the- yoting" Meri'3
Christian 'Ajssoc^^on audHoFium'i Ma
son " arid Ellis '.streets, Tto-riigllt at 8
o'clock- on. jthe Japajfiese-iKussian; war.
The' public {is invited to:- hear.- this'lec
ture 1 , botfi men and ,women!\ The lec
ture 1 will ,lbe '.iilustfa'ted '•" by- several
beautiful iflissblvirii: views. " .
.Ctfvc' Interesting: CpneeM.
TtiS concert by the. Boston LyceuVn
coropany, under." the auspices of the
Ladles' Aid Society, was .attended , by
an appreciative" audience at the : Younf
Men's Christian - .Association aiidkor
iumi ltfst night.; .Amahs" the partici-'.
pants "i rn the .prpgranimfe were; Miss
Louise . Grosse.t, Miss Beriria '.. -VilasJ
Miss M. Slocombe, . Corinne McCarthy
and Miss Gordon. : T'he different num
bers were 'well received. "' .
'.'!•¦ • I1Y A -NEGRO'S EXE31IES
Objection by. While Citizens in Arkan
• sas to Colored' Official Lcacls . :
" ' -. to. Violence." ; . ... - ,
CLARENDON; Ark.. F,eb. 29—Be
cause of objection to . the pegro. Post
master at Humphreys, in Arkansas
County, ~ who , It is said was appointed
notwithstanding the protests of a greai
majority ctf the white citizens, the post
office there was dynamited and com
pletely destroyed early to-day by ¦un
identified persons. EflrfU
16
Cfiinjlete Treatftenf % Every
:-; vi aq Scrofula.-;; 3/-
.; The -Itching tad ..."hnrifngf
of 5he.«k,ta,a : > la ecz.emt) the .fri jfh {f i5;
ecillDg, is: In piiorl wis ; the loss - o f
hatr and cnifltlng 'of the scalp,;, a* .In
•ciilled: head f tbe, facial dlsajfnrenjeni,"
es in plmpJes' snd lio'g-Wong! the awfiir
euffering ;of ihfaDts aiid^lb«jtfiiet5:o,f
worn-put; parentsi m in xnilk cfiwt,. t {;t-
¦tfir. and salt .rhe'Ora, fill (lernend a fcrnr-
•edr. of. alinost superhiamaa virtue's '^>
successfallj : cope, with • tLeini. : . Tfiai
Cattcpra Soap, Ointtneat. and Pills are
¦each jBtands provdp bejpnd all doubt.
#0 bt^ttemcntls 1 raade.VepftTdlng them 1
that. Ik not .justified by 4b ib "utrons^t-
evidence. Th.e p.nrltjr and '-«tr'e.etoi^>,
.t&e power te afford Inrmediate reUcF,
the certainty of. speedy and "pernjarieot
ciire, "the alwolnte safety: add (treai
economy; naVe made them. tl}e". stand.-'-
hrd skin core's and humour remedies of
ihe.drniredfwrld. V : . ; " ."
'. The. grandest legticnonlal thai can be!
.fiffered-the Guticara remedies Is. ttiefc
Trorlrf-wlde «ale. doe*, to ihepersQoal
recbmniendations of (hose xrhq hay«:
txsed them. . Frbia a. email bc?ionlng
In tise simplest form; against prejudice
and opposition, a^aiD«t. monicd hosts,,
countless rivals, and trade-indifference,
Catlcara reipediea have, become the
greatest- • curatives : of their time, and,
in fact, of all time, for nowhere In the
history of- medicine is to be found
another approaching them In popularity
and sale. In every clime and. with every
people they "have met with .the same
reception. Tbe confines of the earth
ere tbe only limits to their growth.
They hare conquered the world.
f"\<i tfcroB/fctut th*. world. CmUean K*.ol»«t Me.
fia fena •( Chacoiat* Costf d mil. tic. per rUI ot M*.
Ointncat, Vk .. Se»p. tie. DrpoU i l»cdon. 37 Charter-
honK Pfl.i Part*.* Bur da ia Palzi C»U3, VS tolum-
»»• *»¦ PaRcr Dnt * Cbrn. Corp.. bela Fi»piiat*n.
mr- (.«*!«- A boci «»cu; Coutcnu-
PRICE THE SET $1
Soap, Ointmenj and PiHs
1 M Worltl^ |r6atest
; ; Skiii: Cures.: .';
advertisements;
ApXrEJlTXSEJsrEl^TS^
¦ : ¦ : ' ¦ : - •^i j^:.- ; :vfe^'V^ : W*^A ¦¦: lapel;: ¦
CONCAVE SHOULDER==SNUa=FITTING C0 ih
LAR-ELONfiATEi) iiPEL ;
Good dressers are looking for these faints ;^ ¦ -
in their Spring Goats— they are fptind.in Wgh- . • .: ';
priced tailor made garments— and in BROWN'S ;.•¦•:
; coats: . All the latest weaves a^nd; patterns ; ; : • •
; ¦' have 'em. ; . ;'• - ; . ••."-' : . V :/¦,; •/-.;.; :: .'\ ':-¦¦¦ : : '¦
. ! It's Easy to
Come to Brown's : . : : : v,V :.
• •¦ ¦ / .' miLL to 'mAN;--.;.-: ; V;: ; ;!';;;';:v
ADVEE.TISE2IE2XT3.
..'m • Oiir prices! onV-J>Esks. J ,
•./ ar^" way do\?ri^\vc /have '. ¦ :
( J : them in every •.. finish.. ¦.¦..
I r^Sj" ;• Fcir anything. Jri'.OFJBiClil -5^
: .: jp ;yuKNiTURE,tHtfs; : g<ipti- 1 ¦
h. quality yon- want.! at- Vea- .
. • soha^Ic figuf cs,.]byei'tcr; took .
¦ i at o.m: : disniayv:.,;. : ! f- ;¦.;..=
: :62iKii.FBil^PeS^di: ¦
-. 646-C50 Mssio"rl : .atreet;-. ..;•
IFremiiim #::! I cbifeesi
I-" Free"'- V.- W; ; Spi<is' I
a : .: " : •' • :¦ ; • AV< y t ".-.- .. Ponder 9 '
jW^Theyjare' Beauties 1 . . pi
4^f> : . A thousand, kinds :'jto S|
3 . to 'Select from. +f*& K
I Great American Importing Tea Co>|
« 8S1 Market 210 Grant st. , il!9 Pone" El
B 140 Sixth ' 1819 Drrljadera JCS L«rWn i|
¦ 475Haisht C006 Sixteenth . S» Eayw 1
3 3235 ML'Bion • C21 Mor\t^r"jr ar* E2 Market '
g2008FUlmor« 2618 Mission . KSM'nth 0
¦ 868 Third 2732 34th 4^9 VooHA K