Continued -on Page 2, ' Column 3.
¦„ — j —
11:15 o'clock last night and soon
the entire block was; a mass of
flames. The Lyceum Theater,
one' of the Reis circuit of houses
and owned by . D. C. Robinson,
was destroyed. The rest of tlw
block was gutted. The loss is
$120,000.
At 1 o'clock this (Monday)
morning a burning rag was
found on the Auditorium stage.
This theater is in the Realty
building, next to the Lyceum. It
is thought from this that both
theaters were set on fire.
N. Y,, March 7.—
The Auditorium Theater is now
burning. It looks as if the Realty
office building might ' be des
troyed.
/ ELMIRA, N. Y., March 7.—
Fire broke out in a cigar factory
under the Lyceum Theater at
The official 'dispatches; received
here concerning the bombardment
do not merition any-^ ; Russian
losses, but private advices say.that
five \ persons ; . were - killed—four
sailors arid ¦ the wife of 'an en-
gineer. -It l is apparent the - Jap-
Mukden, bearing to-day's date,
says:
"I most humbly inform your
Majesjy that the commandant at
the fortress at Vladivostok reports
that at 8 150 o'clock this morning
seven vessels were sighted south
of Askold Island. At 9:45 o'clock
they were seen to be warships
making for Askold Island. At
about noon the enemy's squadron
was midway, between the coast arid,
Askold Island, making for Ussuri
Bay. They were out of reach of
the shore batteries. At I 1 :3c
o'clock !the enemy opened fire.
Two vessels in the squadron were
probably the first-class cruisers
Idzumo arid , ¦ Yakumo, v but i the
names of tthe other vessels are un-
6. — A communication from Vice
rov Alexieff: to the Czar from
PARIS, March 6.— In a dispatch from
Rome a correspondent of the Figaro
says it Is reported that the Russian
Minister to the Vatican has protested
against the hostile tone of the Catholic
press toward Russia.
Protests to the Vatican.
PARIS. .March 6.— A dispatch from
Athens published in the Echo de Paris
this morning says that the Queen of
Greece, with the assistance of & num
ber of ladies, is preparing clothing, etc,
for the Russian wounded.
Queen of Greece Aids Russians.
PARIS, March 6. — The correspondent
in London of the Echo de Paris quotes
Colonial Secretary Lyttelton. whom he
saw at the Colonial Office, as follows:
t'Great Britain desires to remain on
good terms with France in spite of the
circumstances which seem opposed to
such relations. Great Britain is allied
with Japan and France with Russia.
Notwithstanding the efforts of inter
ested persons to embroil Great Britain,
not only with France, but with Russia,
and in spite of attempts made in cer
tain quarters to -create the Impression
that the attitude of Great Britain at
the beginning of the war was not cor
rect, the Franco-British rapprochement
and the evolution of reciprocal senti
ments between the two countries is one
of the most remarkable events of re
cent years."*
The Colonial Secretary closed the In
terview bv expressing the hope that a
satisfactory adjustment of all colonial
questions between Great Britain and
France would be reached.
BRITISH COLONIAL
SECRETARY WANTS
PEACE WITH FRANCE
Conflagration Makes
Ashes of Elmira
Playhouses.
anese were afraid to risk exposing
their ships to the plunging fire of
the.land batteries and it is con
sidered probable here that the at
tack was really for the purpose of
drawing the fire of the Russian
forts, compelling the Russians to
disclose the position and caliber
of their guns and for the purpose
of ascertaining whether the Rus
sian squadron is in port.
BATTERIES ABE SILENT.
If this was the object of the
Japanese,. it is believed to have
failed signally, as the batteries did
not fire a shot and if the squadron
were in port it could not be seen
from the Japanese position in. the
bay of Ussuri a 6n account of the
high land 'which rises from the
coast oh that side, obstructing the
view, of the harbor.'
% ": Gpssack scouts that .the
Japanese columns 'from Plaksin
Bay,; on in .the snovv
blockaded defile of the mountains
separating Korea from Man
churia, -was forced, to halt, owing
EEP0BT OF ALEXIEFF.
ST. PETERSBURG, March
VLADIVOSTOK, March 6.—
There is great anxiety here over
the fate of the Russian squadron
of four cruisers, which left Vladi
vostok several days ago to cruise
for prizes in Japanese waters. Its
retreat to this port is cut off by
the Japanese ships, which to-day
bombarded the town, and the sit
uation is serious. It is feared
that the squadron will be over
whelmed and destroyed by the
superior force which Japan has
sent to intercept it.
The Japanese ships which to
day bombarded Vladivostok were
covered with ice! The attack re:
suited in no loss to. the Russians,
but cost the enemy 200,000 ru
bles ($100,000) in ammunition.
Most of the projectiles were 6 and
12 inch shells.
\ The population of Vladivostok
was warned this morning of the
presence on the horizon of a hos
tile fleet and the prospect of at
tack during the day, but it rt~
mained Tranquil.
Four Russian Cruisers, Cut Off From Their
Home Port, May Be Intercepted and
Destroyed by Mikado's XDarships.
Sensational Robbery
of a Former Leg
islator. •
Special Dispatch to The Call
LE SUEUR. Minn.. March 6. — The
most remarkable existence of a human
b-inr— one who came into the world
psr«=r.tiess. who lived 111 years and who
d:<?o here, leaving not a single descend
ant, is that of Mrs. Pureheart Wake
ley. After a very short illness, Mrs.
Wakeley is dead at her home in Shai
cn. this county, and by her death th *
oldest woman of Minnesota has been
removed from the scene of her remark
able life.
Mrs. Wakeley was 111 years of age.
respite the fact that she was married
three times and became the mother of
fourteen children, who all lived to the
age of 20 or more, and many of whom
married and became fathers and moth
ers, yet all of Mrs. Wakeley's hus
bands' relatives died before sh*» did. an<l
at her death she left not a relative to
survive her.
Her life experiences were remarkable.
Three months before her birth and on
July 3, 1793, her father, who was one
oi the imperial guards of the person of
the Dauphin of France, was killed by
the Jacobin shoemaker, Antoine Simon,
to whom the young prince was given in
charge by the revolutionists. Her
mother, who was English by birth, died
in giving birth to her only child and
b. distant English relative named her
Pureheart. Her father"s name was Isa
dore Dumouriez.
At the age of 16 Pureheart Dumour
iez was married to a captain in the
English army, who. two years later,
was killed at the battle of Waterioi.
The young widow, shortly after her
bereavement, came to the . United
States with a party of emigrants and,
four years later, married a man named
Edward Gray, who enlisted in the army
and was the first American soldier kill
ed by the Mexicans, August 19. 1S47, in
the first attack on the City of Mexico.
She then went to California with j a
P3rty of gold seekers, in 1S50, and
there, in 1RC0. married Oscar Wakeley,
a successful miner.
Two years later the Wakeleys re
moved from California to Johnstown,
Pa., where all their numerous descend
ants lived and wh^re forty-three mem
bers of the family, all of them
except Mrs. Wakeley and one son, died
by being drowned in the flood of May.
1K89. "With this son. Mrs. Wakelcy
came to Minnesota and here she bought
a large farm in Sharon township, near
this place. Six years later they rented
the farm and moved to Galveston, Tex.,
¦where the son lost his life In the storm
and tidal wave that overwhelmed that
city. Mrs. Wakeley escaped and cams
back to the farm here, where she re
eided until her death, dying intestate.
Jn default of all heirs at law, her prop
erty, which amounts to about $10,000,
will escheat to the State.
Special Diepatch to The Call,
LOS ANGELES, March 6.— "William
Robinson, a wealthy cattleman, former
member of the Wyoming Legislature
and one of the most widely known men
of that State, staked his wits and in
genuity against the deftness of a pro
fessional pickpocket and lost. The ex
perience cost him just JS20, and bo
chagrined was he that any person
could be able to rob him without his
knowledge that he has refrained from
reporting the matter to the police, de
claring that he would rather have lost
ten times that amount than to have
sustained such a blow to his personal
pride.
RobinBon is a bachelor, 70 years old,
an old plainsman, well versed in the
ways of the world. He came here with
his sister and her husband and the
party went to a' band concert in West
Lake Park. Robinson took $800 in cur
rency with him, Which he placed in the
leg of his sock. In his hip pocket he
placed $20 "just for pickpocket bait."
he said. He had stated that he would
wring the neck of any pickpocket who
tried to rob him. \
In the crowd at the park he missed
the $20 and told his companions that
he had been "touched." Then he
looked for his other money and found
it intact, but in doing bo disclosed its
hiding place. Ten minutes later, while
he was standing in a crowd, a deft
thief -cut a slit in his trouser leg, ab
stracted the $800. and got a w'ay before
he was discovered. # The loss was dis
covered in a few minutes, but Robin
son could not charge anybody , with
having committed the theft, because
he did not know when he was robbed.
A friend reported the matter to the de
tective*
VIEW OF VLADIVOSTOK FROM THE LAND SIDE OF THE TOWN, SHOWING THE HARBOR. AT THE EN
TRANCE TO WHICH THE JAPANESE SQUADRON TOOK UP ITS POSITION. WHILE BOMBARDING
THE RUSSIAN FORTIFICATIONS WHICH PROTECT THE STRONGHOLD. L'
THEATERS
ARE LOST
IN FLAMES
CATTLEMAN
LOSES HIS
HUNDREDS
At 10 o'clock the Ice had formed a
temporary gorge five miles above the
city. At the bridge of the Toledo Rail
way and Terminal Company, a mile
below the gorge, the water is nineteen
feet above the normal stage. Th«
gorges took out three piers of the Ur
ban and Interurban Railway Com
pany's bridge across the river at Mau
mee City and also did much damage
to the wagon road bridge across the
river at that point.
In the city the water was about seven
feet above the normal stage and was
rising at the rate of about six inches
an hour. Guards are stationed at
points along the river and are keeping
the officials in this city informed aa to
the situation.
TOLEDO. Ohio. March 6.— Th& city
Is in imminent danger to-night. There
has been rain during the entire day
and the ice gorges up the river have
been gradually moving down toward
the city.
Woman Dies Whose
Husband Fell at
Waterloo. -
CENTURY
LESS THAN
HER LIFE
Toledo Is Endangered
and Guards Watch
the River.
ICE GORGE
MAT RUIN
THE CITY
directed their fire against the shore batteries and the town, but no damage resulted, as most of their 200 lyddite shells failed
to burst The Russian batteries, commanded by Generals Veronetz and Artamanoff, did not reply, awaiting a closer approach
of the enemy. The Japanese fire ceased at 2:20 p. m. and the enemy retired in the direction of Askold Island. Simultane*
ously two torpedo=boat destroyers appeared near Askold Island and two more near Cape MaideL
VLADIVOSTOK* March 6.*~J} fleet of five Japanese battleships and two cruisers appeared off this place at 1:25
o'clock this afternoon and bombarded the town and shore batteries for fifty^five minutes. The fleet approached from the
direction of Askold Island, at the east entrance to Ussuri Bay, and about thirty^two miles southeast of Vladivostok. Enter*
ing Ussuri Bay the enemy formed a line of battle, but did not approach to a closer range than a mile and onedhird. They
JAPANESE SQUADRON BOMBARDS VLADIVOSTOCK
AND CUTS OFF THE RETREAT OF RUSSIAN CRUISERS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TEE WEATHEB.
rorecast made at San Pns
cieco for 30 hours ending mid
aiirht. March 7. 1904:
San Francisco and vicinity-
Cloudy Monday, probably show
ers; lisrbt southerly wind.
o. e. vra&soxr.
Local Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call
THE THEAT2KS. \
Alcazar— "At the Wblta Kors*
Tavern."
California— "Tlie Ciief Justice."
Central — "Sip Van Winkle."
Columbia — "The Silver Slipper."
' CTimtes — Vaudeville.
Pit cher'i — "The Bounders."
Orphemn — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "The Gypty Baron."
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, -MARCH 7, 1904.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 9S.RIGI. Russia, March 6.— Several mills
have been notified by British coal pur
veyors that they must hurry their or
ders, as the export of coal may be for
bidden.
May Forbid Export of Coal.
STOCKHOLM, March 6.— The Nya
Dagligt Allehanda says that Russia Is
hurriedly strengthening th*e Sveaborg
fortress, which adjoins Helsingfors,
Finland. All the wooden buildings in
the vicinity, have been pulled down to
lessen the danger of fire in the event of
a bombardment. ; .
Strengthening Svcaborg Fortress.
SAN JUAN. P. R.. March 6.— Th<s
House has unanimously passed a bill
recommended in a message from Gov
ernor Hunt, the purpose of which is to
prevent the desecration of the United
States tlag and the use of the black flag
in Porto Rico.
Respect for America's Flag.
CHERBOURG, March 6.— It is report
ed that the French naval authorities,
taking a lesson from what has been
done by; the Russian battleship Retvl
zan while stranded in the channel at
Port Arthur, have ordered that an ob
solete warship, the Vengeur, be re
paired and anchored at the mouth of
the harbor for defensive purposes.
Old Warslilp to Be Armed.
A . Russian ofllcer who was formerly
military attache at Teheran, Perela,,ln
forms a correspondent of the Echo <Je
Paris that the Shah of Persia had sent
30,000 men to the Afghanistan frontier
as a precautionary measurer
PARIS, March 6.— The Figaro this
morning published a St. Petersburg
i dispatch saying that a member of the
Russian committee on increase of the
navjy had declared that $7,500,000 had
thus Mir been subscribed to this end.
Count 'Ortoflf DavldoJT has telegraphed
from R<iir.e that he has $1,500,000 at the
disposSti^n of the committee.
The Czar, the correspondent contin
ues, has decided to rebuild the cruiser
Variag ai*d the torpedo gunboat Ko
reitz,. which were destroyed at Che
mulpo, out* of his private purse.
A dispatch to the Eclaire from St.
Petersburg 1 ! gays that trains now run
directly from Samara to Mukdea and
Vladivostok as a result of the comple
tion of the rai!road across the ice of
Lake Baikal. This branch of the line
was open'XJ on March 2 in the presence
of Prince Khilikoff, Minister of Rail
road Communication. After the cele
bration of mass the first train, com
posed of twenty-five care, was sent
across the lake. Each train carries
fr.#m 600 to £00 men. The service is
jegular, and between 3000 and 4000 men
iare sent every day toward Manchuria.
t By the mobilization of Teservea near
•j the scene of war, the correspondent
' continues, 120,000 men hav« become
nvallable for duty.
OAKLAND, March a. — Mrs. Jennie
Horton. wife of A. E. Horton, a cap
italist of this city, died this evening
at the Hotel Metropole after a serioui
nines'* of four months. The family
came from St. Louis six yeara ago.
Mrs. Horton had been in ill health
for some time before her last attack.
She was SS years old. a native of
Michigan. Besides the husband, there
are three daughters. Miss Marion A.
Ilorton, Miss Hazel B. Horton ar. 1
Miss Jessaline M. Horton- The fu
neral arrangements have not been
completed.
Capitalist's Wife Die*.
TWO NEW WARSHIPS
TO BE CONSTRUCTED'
AT CZAR'S EXPENSE
the interlocutor not only au
thorized a repetition of the
King's words, but read the cor
respondent's dispatch, affirming
that his Majesty's words were
correctly rendered.
The St. Petersburg correspon
dent of the Echo de Paris says,
concerning the bombardment of
Vladivostok yesterday afternoon,
that the opinion of competent
men is that the Japanese wished
to learn whether or not the Rus
sian sqviadron was in the port of
Vladivostok, in the belief that,
should it prove to be absent, it
would be necessary for the ves
sels to return and defend the
place.
TOKIO, March 6.— -The Rus
sians are briskly fortifying An
tung, which, it is believed, they
will make a base for resistance.
Scouts near Anju are t)eing with
drawn toward Kasan.
SAN JUAN, P. R.. March 6.— The
United States lighthouse tender Nina,
the sailors of which recently were
charged with mutiny, has sailed for
Pensacola for repairs manned by a
crew from the gunboat Gloucester.
The members of the crew of the Nina
who were arrested for mutiny have
been discharged, and several of them
will remain here to swear to a com
plaint against Captain William G. Cut
ler for alleged false imprisonment. The
members of the crew allege that they
were shanghaied In New York.
Sailors Who Were Clmrged With
Mutiny Allege That They Had
Been Shanghaied.
MEMBERS OF THE CREW
WILL FILE A COMPLAINT
NEW YORK, March S.— Leon Melle?..
a theatrical agent, died to-day at his
home from the supposed effects of
•knockout drops." Ju3t before he died
he gave the name of a young woman
with whom he had been on friend!;.'
:<Tns for about a year and who h'j
sail! was responsible for his condition.
The police arp looking for the woman
THEATRICAL .1GENT
DIES MYSTERIOUSLY
Japanese Student Summoned Home.
BERKELEY, March 6. — T. A. Mura
kami, a graduate student of the Col
lege of Chemistry. University of Cali
fornia, has been recalled by the Jap
anese Government, with orders to ac
company the British army officers de
tailed by their Government to watch
the operations at the scene of hostili
ties. Murakami, before entering the
university, was a cadet at the United
States Naval Academy. Since his grad
uation he has been secretary of the
Japanese Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation on the Pacific Coast.
CHEFU, March 6.— It is reported
that a number of too adventurous war
correspondents got into serious diffi
culties In Korea, through attempting
to get to Pingyang. The Korean au
thorities mistook them for Russians
and refused to supply them wjth food,
escorts or interpreters.
?
ST. 'LOUIS, March 6. — Francis A.
Carl, commissioner of the imperial
maritime customs service of China,
and assistant commissioner In charga
of the Chinese World's Fair exhibit,
arrived from the Orient to-day.
Speaking of the Russo-Japanese war,
Carl said that the Chinese would un
doubtedly attack Russia should she
invade neutral territory, though such
a liberty might be taken by Japan
without serious consequences.
China's Hatred of Ku-sia.
WAR CORRESPONDENTS
MISTAKEN FOR SLAYS
AND REFUSED FOOD
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay. March 6.
— An importapt battle has befri
fought at Paso del Parque, depart
ment of Palto, between (Government
troops under General Bonaventa ar.'l
rebel* commanded by General Cara
via. Heavy losses were sustained on
both sides, but the result of the battla
Is not yet known. ¦
Government Troops and Rebels Sus
tain Heavy Losses bat llesnlt
Is Unknown.
ISIPORTAXT BATTLE IS
FOUGHT IX URCGCA5T
SEOUL, March 6.— There are danger
ous symptoms portending 'anti-Japa
nese demonstrations by the powerful
Korean Peddlars' Guild, which strong
ly opposed the recently signed Jap
anese-Korean protocol. It Is probable
that the attempted dynamiting last
week was perpetrated by them. No
trouble to other foreigners is expected,
as the Japanese are taking active po
lice measures to prevent a possible up
rising. Kil Yung Soo, chief of -the
Peddiars' Guild, has been deposed as
Governor of Seoul and relegated to an
obscure magistracy in an Interior dis
trict. . ¦
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 15X4, by the New Tork
Herald Publishing Company.
PARIS. March 6.— The much talked
of duel between the Italian fencing
master, Plni, and Faron Athoa di San
Malatos was fought at noon to-day at
Novilly. It lasted two hours and fifty
minutes and was finally stopped be
cause Baron Malatns' hilt had raised
a large blister in thp palm of his hand.
The encasement developed a wonder
ful dlsol.iy of skill between the two
rival schools, that of ; Which Signor
Pini is the exponent being especially
devoted to thf fail and that of Baron
Malatos to the sword. The duel was
witnessed by a large number of distin
guished French swordsmen. The ad
versaries were reconciled after the
fight.
LONDON, March 6.— The SCbck Ex
change experienced great relief be
cause the settlements In Paris and Ber
lin passed without serious difficulty,
but transactions during the past week
were almost non-existent, waiting for
the next move in the Far East, the
American market being idle equally
¦with the others. The movements in
prices in all sections were therefore un
important, though a rather more hope
ful feeling prevailed.
It is reported that German bankers
offered a loan to Russia on favorable
terms, but the offer was not accepted.
It is supposed that Russia attaches im
portance to impressing the world with
the extent of her resources," and win
defer borrowing from other countries
for the longest possible period.
RUSSIA REJECTS
OFFER OF LOAN BY
GERMAN BANKERS
Italian Fencing 3Iaster and
Baron 3Ialatos Make Won
derful Display of Skill
The Daily Mail's Pingyang cor
respondent, underdateof March 3,
describes the great difficulties en
countered on the road from Seoul.
He says that recent thaws broke
up the roads, which again have
become frozen. over, while. from
time to time there are severe
snowstorms. One. pass which the
correspondent traversed was cov
ered by sheets of ice> He says it
OVER FROZEN ROADS.
PHANTOM SQUADRON.
LONDON, March 7.— Only
Russian reports on the bombard
ment of Vladivostok have as yet
been received and these give no in
dications, as to whether the Riu
sia,n squadron is still there. Ac
cording to a report from Tokio,
the squadron was seen off .Gensan,
Korea, last Thursday, but on this
point there is no reliable informa
tion. Speculation, however, most
ly inclines to the belief that the
Russian squadron is not in port at
Vladivostok, as neither the official
nor the other reports of the bom
bardment mention Russian battle
ships.
Port Arthur dispatches of Sat
urday and Sunday say that every
thing is quiet there and on the
Liaotung peninsula. The Jap
anese cruiser squadron was seen
reconnoitering off Port Arthur
on Friday night, during a heavy
snowstorm. . ,
MOUNTING MANY GUNS.
The Daily Telegraph's ' Chetu
correspondent says the Russians
are still employing thousands of
coolies at Port Arthur and Dalny
on entrenchments and new forts
and that they are also mounting
more than too guns to protect the
neck of the isthmus.
The 1 correspondent of the
Standard at Tientsin gives a ru
mor that thirty Russian sailors
were caught in an attempt. to es
cape from Port Arthur arid that
they were shot, the same day.
The Standard's St. Petersburg
correspondent telegraphs *a storv
to the effect that a party of Jap
anese, disguised as Tartars, were
arrested by a guard of the Si
berian railway bridge at Sysran,
on the river Volga, having pack
ages of dynamite in their posses
sion.
A special dispatch from Tien
tsin estimates that there are 30,
000 Tungenese irregulars in
Southern Manchuria, largely led
by patriotic Japanese, who volun
teered for the dangerous work.
The Russian cruiser Aurora
has arrived at.Suda Bay, Turkey.
to avalanches and other obstacles.
The scouts say that one-third of
the strength of this column is in
valided. It is now supposed that
the column is. returning for the
purpose of seeking an easier route.
FIGHT A DUEL
THREE HOURS
The correspondent adds that
IS CORRECTLY QUOTED.
PARIS, March 7. — The Ma
tin's London correspondent
sends to his paper the report of
a conversation had last evening
with a personage intimate with
King Edward, who had just left
the palace. This personage said
the King spoke on the subject of
the war in the Far East and he
repeated his Majesty's words, as
follows : t
"I am much distressed at the
Russo - Japanese war, which 1
consider a most deplorable event.
On the other hand, I consider
that our good understanding
with France has never been more
useful than it is at present and
believe that it is likely to become
more and more useful, not only
in the^ interest of France and
Great Britain, but in the higher
interest of general peace. Should
complications arise despite all ef
forts to prevent them the unio.n
between France and England
will render the greatest service.
That union must be closely main
tained for the good of all, what
ever may happen. I hope the
press of all countries, the Eng
lish press included, will strive to
attenuate difficulties rather than
to aggravate them." /
KING WANTS PEACE.
Refugees arriving here say -that
Port Arthur has not been attacked
since February 26 and that stores
and ammunition are still arriving.
The foreign engineers, being un
able to raise the Retvizan, have
quit Port Arthur, together with
the other Anglo-Saxons there.
That considerable damage within
the fortifications has been caused
by the Japanese fire from Pigeon
Bay is corroborated, and the de
fenses on that side are being
strengthened with barbed wire
entanglements and additional ar
tillery.
Street traffic in Port Arthur,
the refugees say, is largely con
fined to the ammunition carts.
All of the forts have been pro
vided with naval signal officers
for the purpose of . identifying
Russian ships and preventing the
forts firing upon them when they
arrive.
Ghwang. The bank authorities
have arranged to leave French and
German agents in charge of their
interests.
A large force of cavalry is ex
pected to return to Newchwang
before the river opens for the pur
pose of maintaining patrols be
tween the main railway and the
sea and of reconnoitering the
coast.
Russian private letters
the fact that in the recent engage
ments between the Yalu River and
Pingyang the Russians, with su
perior numbers, defeated the Jap
anese, but lost heavily.
YINKOW, March 6.— The re
moval of the furniture of the po
lice and military quarters at New
chwang, the withdrawal of un
necessary rolling stock and equip
ment from the Newchwang rail
way terminus and the removal: of
silver v from the bank indicate an
intended evacuation . , of . .. New-
is piteous to sec the terror of the
Korean refugees, fleeing through
the snow with their household
goods. ¦
Cabling under yesterday's date,
the same correspondent says that
the missionaries are averse to
leaving Pingyang and are not
likely to accept the offer of United
States Minister VAllen (to allow
refugees" to* golaboard the United
States cruiser Cincinnati), as they
believe they will be able to escape
later, should the situation become
acute.
The London Daily Mail's
Chefu co^respcrident describes a
visit he made to Chenampho. He
says the country thence to Ping
yang is impassible, owing to the
thaw. The villages are deserted
and horses and provisions cannot
be obtained, everything .having
been bought up by the Japanese.
"I am informed," adds the cor
respondent, "that there will be no
advance until 100,000 men have
been concentrated at Pingyang.
It is thawing inland and • the
waterways have greatly helped
the transportation arrangements.
The Japanese are busy at every
landing place and are buving all
suitable craft along the"*- coast.
Cossacks are keeping a sharp
watch; on the Japanese move-
NEUTRALITY IN DANGER.
A Times correspondent at Pe
king has visited the railway out
side the great wall and comments
on Russia's refusal to respect its
neutrality as opening the way for
Japan to similarly disregard its
neutrality. The correspondent
says:
"Russia is patroling the rail
way nearby to the great wall with
small bodies of cavalry.. At 'every
station there are two sets "of
guards, one composed of General
Yuan Shi Kai's well behaved
troops and the other of undisci
plined troops sent by the Tartar
general of Mukden. There are
twenty of General Yuan Shi Kai's
men at each station, with a larger
body at Sinmintung.
"It is believed that when the
river opens the Russians will de
stroy the gunboat Sivoutch at.
Newchwang to prevent her cap
ture.
"All accounts agree that the
Russians have commandeered a
large number of Chinese carts
and' are concentrating on the
Yalu River, where the first battle
is expected."
TOWN TO BE ABANDONED
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
Mikado's Soldiers Encounter Great Hardships in the Advance
Through. Korea Toward the Manchurian Frontier.
RISING OF KOREAN ,
PEDDLARS AGAINST
JAPANESE FEARED
TOKIO, March 6.— It Is denied here
that the French Government in behalf
of the holders of the French conces
sions has made any objection to Japan
completing the Seoul-Wiju railroad.
PARIS, March 6.— It is not expected
that Japan's intention to build the
Seoul-Wiju railroad will cause any se
rious clash with the owners of the
early French concessions. The original
concession was granted to a French
company in 1896. Later the concession
was modified, so that the road was to
be built by French engineers and with
French . material. A considerable por
tion of the line has already been laid
under French auspices, and it is un
derstood that Foreign Minister Delcasse
has sought to protect French interests
along the railroad, the same as he pro
tected the rights of the Panama Canal
Company during the Panama uprising.
But, while giving all due protection to
French interests, the officials say this
concession is n»t one which Is likely to
give rise to serious complications. '
FRANCE AND JAPAN
NOT TO CLASH OVER
BAILROAD PROJECT
The Prince had an interview with
the Emperor to-day and requested a
command. His request will be granted.
Prince Louis Napoleon, who has been
in command of a grenadier brigade in
tbe Caucasus, has arrived here and the
understanding is that he will receive
an important command on the frontier.
The officer's 'wife, with an infant,
tftok a ' train from Pnrt Arthur in the
morning, and she describes the awful
crush at the station and also at Dalny,
where she teamed of the fate of the
Variag at Chemulpo. Great hardships
were suffered by the travelers until
they reached Irkutsk, eighteen days
lat^r. The trains and station were
crowded and the woman found it im
possible even to lay her baby down on
tho floor of the car, which was covered
with baggage. She says that mothers
fousht to get food for their children.
* Direct through u-legraph communi
cation is now established between
Viceroy AlexiefTs headquarters at
Mukden and St. Petersburg. This is
believed to be the longest circuit in tho
svorld, being more than 6000 miles in
length, whereas the direct communica
tion between London and Teheran, a
distance of only f.000 miles, has hith
erto he-en the lorgest.
AWFl'L CRUSH AT DALN'Y.
"John Bull believes he has a better
chance of reaching the winning post
with Great Britain and Japan in dou
h].\ harness than with a troika, in
cluding the American mustang."
The wife of a naval officer gives a
graphic account of the bombardment
of Port Arthur on February 9 and the
flight *">f women and children the n^xt
day. She wa« awakened in the middle
©f the night by the heavy reports of
the puns, and her first thought was
that they were due to blasting opera
tions at tne dockyards, but when the
puns -of the fnrtress beeran to boom she
awr,ke the servants, who were terror
stricken. She then went out on the
balcony. and. paw the searchlights wild
ly swirling. The town was deserted,
except in front of the residence of
Viceroy Alexieff.
The Novoe Vremya also discusses the
offers of British friendship, but with
bad grace, saying:
The ¦ Novosti prints a significant edi
torfal article, which is very conciliatory
toward Great Britain. The paper
argues that the understanding between
the two countries with regard to an
Asiatic policy will a??ure peace in Asia,
without which the normal development
of Russian and British interests there
would be impossible. If Great Britain,
the NovoFti says, would agree to an
outlet for Russia to the Indian Ocean.
Great Britain's possessions in India
would be unconditionally guaranteed
by Ruffia.
NOVOK VREMYA SARCASTIC.
The naval mobilization foreshadowed
in these dispatches was partially de
cided upon to-day. Three eastern
provinces of Europr-an Russia — Vyatka,
Perm and Ufa — are included In the
plan, the purpose stated being the
strengthening of the crews of the Pa
cific squadron.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 6. — Ad
vices from Vladivostok say that the
£500 Japanese troops who landed at
Flaksin (on the oast coast of North
Korea) are advancing toward Musan
(218 miles from "vTonson) with the in
tention of ultimately reaching Hun
chun (on the left bank of the Tumen
River, about 100 miles west of Vladi
vostok) and threatening the Russian
flank. In order to checkmate this move
the Russian outpost, 1^00 strong, which
recently crossed the Tumen, is ad
vancing to occupy Koyryong, on the
Tulen River, a walled city command-
Ing the trails along which the Japanese
must pass.
LONDON, March 6.— The Mail says
one of the most important signal books
carried by the British navy has been
discovered, missing from the Prince
George, one of the ships of the channel
fleet. One lieutenant, one warrant of
ficer and two seamen have been placed
under arrest. With the exception of
the secret war code, the lost book is
the most important supplied the navy
and would be of inestimable value to
a foreign power. • .
This is the third disappearance of
important naval documents in the past
few years and excites much uneasiness.
Special Cable to The Call and New. York.
Herald?' Copyright, 1004, by the New York
Herald Publichins Company.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Echo' de Paris cables that he has
had an interview with Finance Minister
L. Kokovisoff. who declared that the
issue of the war was not doubtful. The
Minister said that, even assuming th
most unfavorable hypothesis, the vital
resources of the country would not be
touched. The Minister denied that there
was any danger of panicky withdrawals
from the savings banks, and said that
the greater risk of panic would be
among the foreign holders of Russian
securities: but. he added, the foreign
holders appeared to be reassured by
the events of tho last few weeks.
The subscriptions to the war loan
opened on March 1 now amount to $33,
500.000.
PARIS, March T.— The correspondent
of the Matin at Tokio says that at a
banquet given on Thursday to the
American war correspondents the Vice
Minister of Foreign Affairs, in thanking
the American nation for the support
hitherto given to Japan, declared that^
the Government reckoned upon re
ceiving even more effective assistance
from the United States in the future
The correspondent says he has reason
to believe that the Vice Minister al
luded to the proposed loan, in connec
tion with which Baron Kaneko, former
Minister of Justice and rice president
of the Bank of Japan, has gone to the
United States.
Preparations are going rapidly for
ward for the commencement of land
operations. . I expect important events
will be heard of in the course of a few
days.
The Japanese Government is not anx
ious to begin its land campaign prema
turely, and is organizing its forces with
marvelous foresight and completeness
for every possible contingency. The
opening of hostilities ashore is likely to
give Russia as great a surprise as did
the naval actions. It is impossible, of
course, to give details, but events %vfll
soon show the capacity of the men
who arc directing Japanese affairs and
the quality of the troops at their dis
posal.
The Foreign Office here has issued
passes to war correspondents, but the
correspondents are not yet permitted
to leave Toklo for Korea, a* events are
not yet sufficiently developed.
According to reports received 'here
the Russians are moving large masses
(ft troops toward the Chinese frontier.
The population Is in a state of unrest
and is leaving the large towns. Russian
troops have occupied Denshodu. Che
nampho and Kohochl. but they are said
to be evacuating Kenchau.
It is reported that 20.000 Russian
troops are south of the Yalu. No seri
ous encounters, however, are expected
for gome time.
TOKIO. March 4.— Affairs have been
very quiet here after the excitement
consequent on the opening victories of
the war. The Japanese do not give
way to emotion In the same manner a3
Europeans when engaged in war. The
people are going about their business at
Tokio 89 if nothing in particular was
afoot. There Is little news from Korea
or Port Arthur. The newspapers have
ceased to issue special editions. The
present situation, however, Is only the
lull before the storm.
Special Cable to TTse Call and New Torle
Hwald. Copfrfght. 190*. by th» New fork
Herald Publishing Company.
Two and Two
Seamen Are Arrested
on Suspicion. .
Slav Outpost Is Sent to
Oppose the Advance
Upon Hunchun..
Russians May Receive
Another Surprise in
Northern Korea.
Vice Minister's Words
May Refer to Negotia
tion of a Loan.
In an article evidently inspired, a Russian newspaper intimates that If Great Britain places no obstacle
in the way of Russian gaining a seaport on N the Indian Ocean, Russia will in turn .unconditionally guar
antee Great Britain's - possessions in India.
Czar Nicholas Is to bear the expense of the construction of two warships 'to replace the Vririag
and the Koreitz, destroyed -by the Japanese at Chemulpo. The Czar has granted the request of Prince
Louis Napoleon to be appointed to an Important command at the front.
'- ¦¦ ~'-< ¦¦'¦' ¦ - '..-¦:"¦¦- 1
Vladivostok has been bombarded by a Japanese squadron, the firing continuing fifty-five minntes.
According to the official reports from the Siberian stronghold little damage was done. The appearance of
the Japanese ships off Vladivostok, however, creates an interesting situation. It indicates the correctness
of the report that a "flying squadron'* had been sent northward . to Intercept the Russian Vladivostok
squadron,' which was reported to be again cruising in .Japanese- waters. Ag the Russian warships most soon
put back to port to replenish their fuel supply they are likely to find themselves in a serious predicament, with
the Japanese between them and the harbor. It is .probable that the squadron which was sent to intercept
and attempt. to destroy them is strong enough to place the four Russian cruisers at a disadvantage.
Advfccs from Vladivostok reported that the Japanese force. which recently landed on the eastern
coast of Northern Korea was proceeding toward Hunchun, west of Vladivostok,; and threatening the Rus
sian flank, and that a Russian force had been sent to oppose the advance. A later dispatch pays that the
Japanese failed to penetrate the mountain range lying •bettyeen . them and their Intended desti nation and
that they were compelled to turn. back.
The Russians are briskly fortifying Antung, on the west bank of. the Yalu River, which they evi
dently expect to make the base of their operations on the Korean frontier. Private letters received in Yln
kow report that sharp engagements have taken place in Northern Korea, In which the Russians gained
the victory through force of numbers, although suffering heavy losses themselves. \
Refugees from Port Arthur report tliat there has been no attack since February 26 ami that the
line of communication to the north of the port is, still kept open. It 'is added that much damage was done
within the fortifications during the attacks by the. Japanese.
The Call's special correspondent In Toklo, commenting on the. completeness of Japan's preparations
for the land campaign.- predicts that the Russians will receive a surprise as great as was that ln'connec
tion with the naval operations. Like the Russians, Tokiq's tacticians will attempt no decisive movement
until their plans are fully matured. The advance of the Japanese army through Western Korea Is at
tended by great hardships. The weather is seveVe and a thaw one day is followed by a freeze on the next,
making the roads almost impassable." - -. - ;.. "j v ¦: , - . ¦ r
There Is danger of anti-Japanese demonstrations In Seoul, where the powerful Peddlers' Guild Is
bitterly opposed* to the treaty between^ the Korean and Japanese Governments. Dynamite is the favor
ite weapon of the peddlers. It L? hot believed that the factional strife will endanger foreigners.
JAPANESE FORCE
SEEKS TO TURN
RUSSIAN FLANK
LAND OPERATIONS
OF JAPANESE ARE
WELL DIRECTED
TOKIO LOOKING
TO THIS NATION
FOR ASSISTANCE
BRITISH SIGNAL
BOOK DISAPPEARS
FROM A WARSHIP
SUMMARY OF THE SPECIAL WAR DISPATCHES TO THE CALL.
JAPANESE OFFICIAL SAYS HIS GOVERNMENT EXPECTS SUBSTANTIAL AID FROM AMERICA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1904.
Additional War News on Pace 4.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take ' Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. '- All
druggist* refund the money if it falls to cur*.
& \Y. Grove" a denature U on each box. 23c: •
TIENTSIN, March 6.— A native paper
says the Chinese frontier guards are
deserting. China has purchased two
field batteries of artillery from the
Krupps.
Chinese Soldiers Deserting:.
ST. LOUIS, March 6. — The Irish
Nationalists of St. Louis at their cele
bration of the birth of Robert Emmet
to-night adopted a resolution uphold
ing Russia in her war with Japan and
expressing "sympathy with Christian
Russian against the pagan horde."
A copy, of the resolutions > trill, be sent
to the Russian Minister at Washing
ton." '- >. .- '• ..'" . .'j 1 ; * -
i Sympathize With Russia.
KRONSTADT, March §.— Four Japa
nese spies are said to have been arrest
ed here. Admiral Birilef has inspected
the ships which are here preparing to
be put Into commission.
Japanese Spies Arrested.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Aches
Of some kind are the heritage of nearly
every one. from the Infant and the colic,
the middle-aged and the distressing,
miserable headaches, to the aged with
nervotts. muscular and rheumatic pains.
A remedy to relieve In -all cases must
be founded on the rlgtit principle, and
that accounts for the wonderful suc-
Dr. Miles*
Anti-Pain Pills
They never fail to cure all cases of
pain, because they treat the Pain Source
— the nerves. By soothing the irritated
nerves they lessen the tension, build up
the strength, set the blood coursing
through the veins, and thus allay ail
pain.
"Periodic headache that unfitted me
for business for several days at a time,
has been my life experience. I found
first relief in Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills,
and since then I invartably ward them
off by taking a pill when I feel them
coming on."— E. M. MOOBERRY. Wind-
sor. 111.
Sold on guarantee that first packago
will benefit, or money refunded.
25 doses. 25 cents.- Merer sold la bulk.The first sleeping car. seen in Cuba
is now on exhibition in Havana. This
"dormitorio" is for use on the recently
completed line ' to Santiago.
Of the brides led annually to the altar
the Christian world over a measured
but extremely moderate percentage re
fuse to -repeat the ; words of the mar
riage . service* binding them to obey as
well as to - love and • honor, their hus
bands. - - -
'; A mass meeting of all painters affil
iated with the District Council of Paint
ers will be held on - next Wednesday
evening: at headquarters, 2S0 '- Jessie
street. .Matters appertaining to the
trouble now existing between the two
wings of this body will be discussed.
for the discussion of public matters.
1 Henceforth the executive committee
of the Labor Council will hold its
weekly meetings on Tuesday evening
instead of Wednesday, as has be.en the
custom.
Whenever she visits her native coun
try, Denmark, the Dowager Empress
of Russia has some Danish black rye
bread served to her every day. She
has a great liking for this bread, which
forms part of the rations of the Danish
soldier, and is not very inviting to the
majority of people.
Paper telegraph poles are one of the
developments . of the . art of making
paper useful. The paper poles, now
used to some extent in Belgium, are
said to be lighter and stronger than
those of wood and to be unaffected by
causes which shorten the life of a
wooden pole
An- Interesting comparison of the
physique of the modern English school
boy, with that of his predecessor of a
quarter of a century ago Is made from
careful records of height and weight of
pupils which have been kept during
this period at Rugby and Marlborough
schools, which show the advantage In
both' height and weight is with the boy
of to-day.
A man in North Waldoboro while
cutting wood last week had the misfor
tune to-cut^ a deep gash in his leg.
which, owing to a very peculiar mis
take, came'near being much more seri
ous than- the circumstances would war
rant. His leg was corded and he was
taken to Waldoboro village, a distance
of six or seven miles, for surgical treat
ment. Upon arrival there the injured
man was found to be at death's door
from the loss of blood.' and It was then
discovered that the, cord had been tied
around the wrong ,Ieg. He is now re
covering.—Kennebec Journal.
They -Bound : the Wrong Leg.
The Janitors' .Union met yesterday
afternoon In the Alcazar building. Four
candidates were admitted to member
ship. ' The meeting of March 20 will be
an important one as the union has
placed itself on record as being op
posed to the'ordlnance restricting pub
lic meetings on streets. The union will
give a picnic at Glen Park on Sunday,
April, 17. ••'
• Carriage' ¦Woodworkers' Union at its
last meeting agreed - to affiliate with
the Carriage : Blacksmiths' and ;Car-;
rlage Painters', unions with the view
of regulating a. scale of wages satis
factory to its members. '
All labor unions in this city have en
tered a "protest 'against the "ordinance
now before the Board of Supervisors
regulating open "air street "assemblages
Bakers working in cracker factories
are complaining that their remunera
tion is not equivalent to the amount
of work they are doing. They say they
are working for $6 -A week and should
have more. The cracker bakeries are
controlled by what Is known as the Na
tional Biscuit Company, which has re
sisted all union rules and has employed
none but non-union help. As a means
of bringing the. biscuit company to
terms all union men and their families
are instructed to ask for the union la
bel when making purchases of crack
ers. ... . -
Civic and labor unions are taking ac
tion in opposition to Chief Wittman's
ordinance. T. E. Zant, F. C. Knight
and' I. Shenkan, acting as an organi
zation ; committee, have issued invita
tions to all unionized- bodies, to send
delegates ; to the Labor Bureau, 915V4
Market street, on next Saturday even
ing, at which time a permanent organ
ization will be formed with the object
cited in view. -- - -
Assert That the National Biscuit Com
pany Refuses to Employ Other
Than Non-Union Men.
Lady Canvasser (verv much up-to
date and under the Impression that
every one thoroughly understands the
fiscal question) to wife of voter— Well,
my dear, and what do you think of
"Our Joe" now?
Young Mrs. GI!es (coyly)— To tell you
the truth, ma'am, rny husband. Dick.
Is a bit Jealous, and says J oughtn't to
think of any one else 'cept him. — Punch.
Citizenship In Switzerland.
The vast number of Swiss watch
makers who- have taken up their abode
in this country will no doubt lie inter
ested in the following warning to
Swiss-Americans returning to Switzer
land, by Consul A. Lleberknecht, Zu
rich. Switzerland:
"The attention of students and others
intending to remain for any length of
time in Switzerland is called to the ne
cessity of providing themselves with
passports. Many naturalized Ameri
can citizens who were formerly Swiss
citizens labor under a misapprehension
as to their old and new citizenship
rights and responsibilities. They re
turn to Switzerland with naturalization
papers or passports only to find them
selves Swiss citizens again. '"<:',
"In this country a' person never loses
his .citizenship, no matter how long he
may absent himself, unless he goes
through certain necessary formalities.
If he returns and is owing a military
tax, he is compelled to pay the same
in spite of the fact that he is an Amer
ican citizen. The only way to be re
leased from old responsibilities .Is by
making a written request to his home
community for such release, submit
ting proof at the same time that he
has acquired American citizenship."—
Jewelers' Circular.
A Curious Hostelry.
A hotelkeeper who kept a remark
able hostelry has at last been run to
earth at Paris. He kept a good sized
hotel, and attracted the attention of
the police by turning away all guests
on the excuse.that his house was full.'
The officers searched the place, and
found that four burglars lived there,
and had been stealing travelers' bag
gage, which they sent to the hotel.
The hotelkeeper sold the goods for
them, and what could not be sold was
packed away in the different rooms.
Over $100,000 worth of stuff was
seized. — New % York /Tribune.
"This merger question must be pretty
important after all." "What makes
you think so?" "Well, I see the Feder
al courts are deciding it both ways." —
Detroit Free Press.
A couple of years ago when stocks
were booming and everybody was flush
a New York jewelry firm secured one
of the most splendid of the ornaments
collected for the crown treasury of Rus
sia, expecting to dispose of It at a great
profit to some wealthy patron. It is a
pearl' necklace, said to be the finest of
its kind In the world, and Is valued at
1350,000. There are 497 pearls in the
necklace, their weight aggregating 5600
grains. The seven strands are caught
by five brilliants, which are paralleled
by twenty-two smaller brilliants. It is
possible to make eleven single strand
necklaces out of the ornament as It is
at present arranged. The pearls in each
of the' seven strands are about even in
size andx represent years of careful
purchasing and matching. The jewelry
firm's St. Petersburg agent paid $750
for the privilege of Inspecting the neck
lace, and it was brought here in confi
dence that* there was surely some
woman In the city who would pay $350.
000 for such an ornament. But although
its fame has spread there are no ac
tive, bidders for the jewel. The mem
bers of the firm, however, are confident
that it j will be sold ultimately.— New
York Commercial. ,;.; v
Crown Guns for Sale Here.
The interesting story comes from Ba
varia that experiments are being, made
there to manufacture cotton out of pine
wood. The method Is to reduce the
wood to the finest layers possible, then
to subject it to a vapor process for ten
hours. The pulp thus obtained Is then
plunged Into a soda bath, where It
stays thirty-six hours. It is thus trans
formed Into a kind of cellulose, to
which a resistant quality is given by
adding oil of gelatine. Then it is drawn
out and untangled by machinery. The
process is said not to be expensive, and
it is thought that if this cotton can be
made of practical use Europe will be
Independent of America and India. The
immense forests of Scandinavia and
Germany would furnish ample material
for her "cotton" supply. — New York
Commercial.
Cotton From • Pine Wood.
BAKERS CLAIM THAT THEIR
SALARIES ARE TOO SMALL
With him was the Princess Marie
Berta de Rohan, a pale little figure. In
great contrast to her giant lover. Don
Carlos r\ever addresses her in public
and answers all her queries with mono
syllables, as if to Indicate the difference
that separates their respective social
stations.— Exchange.
Don Carlos, who for many j years
•was the pretender to the throne of
Spain, Is a familiar figure on the
grand canal of Venice, which he has
selected as his place of exile. His
automobile-gondola, adorned with his
private flag — yellow and red, with the
Bourbon coat-of-arms on a yellow
ground — Is to be seen at all hours of
the day in the watery ways of Venice.
Tall, majestic and severe in appear
ance, his brown beard carefully part
ed on his chin, he sits as still as a
statue In the little boat, his left hand
resting on the side, a dreamy look in
vesting all his personality as If from
every street and canal and balcony
thousands of painters and photog
raphers were waiting to take his pic
ture and send It to Spain as a pre
cious memento to posterity.
He was at the Goldini Theater, occu
pying the central box in the second
tier, as becomes a royal personage, the
night on which the report had spread
that his daughter Alice had eloped with
her coachman (a report subsequently
denied), and the eyes of all Venice
were upon him. He stood the staring
silent and impassive, as at the time
when Donna Elvira, another daughter,
eloped from Rome with the painter,
Folchl. >•
How Don Carlos Enjoys Life.
Albert Buttgenbach occupies a cell at
the City Prison suspected of having
shot his father, Joseph Buttgenbach,
Saturday night in the establishment of
the Pacific Packing Company, Fourth
and Shipley streets. Louis E. Brune,
the bookkeeper that was present when
the fatal shot was fired, is also, on the
detinue book owing to his reticence to
furnish the police with details of the
affair. The victim of the murderous
bullet is hovering between life and
death at St. Joseph's Hospital in an
unconscious condition, which precludes
the possibility of a statement at this
time.
Evidence of a damaging character
has been unearthed by Detective Thom
as L. Ryan which seems to fasten the
crime upon Albert Buttgenbach. A
witness has- been found, whose name
the police refuse to divulge, who eaw
Albert Buttgenbach transfer a revolver
from his right pocket to the left one a
short time before the crime. Jean
Nichols, a laundryman that conducts a
French laundry at 322 Fourth street,
has informed the police that no one
left the side door of the Pacific Packing
Company after the shot was fired, as
Albert Buttgenbach in his statement
to the police made reference to a blow
that he said he had received from the
butt end of a pistol In the hands of
an alleged thug. An examination of
his scalp fails to reveal even so much
as a scratch and no swelling Is notice
able. The bullet that struck Joseph
Buttgenbach was fired*' from outside
the office. The hole In a glass pane,
of which the office is constructed, is
on a line with the head of a man that
might be engaged In working over a
desk. The bullet passed through Butt
genbach's hat and entered his skull at
the top, near the center. The only
explanation that- can be given of the
broken glass door is that a scuffle took
place previous to the shooting. The
wounded man as he fell to the floor
clutched the jagged edges for support
and lacerated his hand.
Jean Nichols, the : French laundry
man, says that he had put up his wag
on for the night, and was engaged In
cleaning the harness when he was
startled . by ¦ a pistol shot. ... He opened
the gate on Shipley "street and looked
out. His eyes," he says, never. left the
side entrajice to Buttgenbach's' estab
lishment until the arrival- of the police
who entered the store and he Is positive
that no one left the building. This
disposes of the' holdup story.
monkeywrench, but the witness de
clares'positively that It was a pistol.
HEARS PISTOIi SHOTS.
Young Buttgenbach does not appear
to be affected by the seriousness of his
position. He declined to make a state
ment last night before being locked up
and Brune also remained silent.
Yesterday the police also took into
custody Jack Riley and Edward Gon
zales, ex-convicts, on suspicion that
they committed the crime. Gonzales
and Riley were arrested in a room at
325 Fourth street, directly opposite the
Pacific Packing Company. Riley was
known to have served time for burg
lary and Gonzales spent five months in
the county jail several years ago.
Patrolmen Moriarlty, Tyrrell and
O'Connell entered the place about 10
o'clock yesterday morning and found
Gonzales lying on the bed, fully dressed.
Riley was caught a few minutes later
as he was entering the house. The room
was thoroughly searched, but nothing
One, of the most peculiar circum
stances, in the entire affair is the ac
tion of Buttgenbach and Brune kicking
down the partition to the saloon to es
cape, they say, from the alleged thugs,
when they could have locked the heavy
door .leading to the factory and have
been safe if thugs were really In the
place..
Brune, who says he was only a few
feet away when the crime occurred,
asserts be did not know of the en
trance of the alleged thugs until he
saw' his employer struggling on the
floor with a man. This assertion the
police regard as peculiar.
The men had roomed' in the house for
eight months, and according to the
landlady, Mrs. J. T.. Stelzner, always
conducted themselves in a manner
above suspicion.. She was very much
surprised to hear that .her roomers
bore an unsavory reputation. Mrs.
Stelzner. stated, that; if they had been
accused of .the crime' a month ago she
would not. have .been surprised, owing
to their straitened circumstances. To
the detectives Gonzales and Riley said
that they had run' out of the house
upon hearing the shots, but had not
gone back to bed after the excitement
subsided."
Gonzales was arrested in 1893 for
fraudulently securing subscriptions un
der the pretense that the same were to
be used to aid the families of the brave
firemen' killed at the Ashbury Heights
fire. He was sentenced to five months'
Imprisonment in -the County Jail. Jack
Riley. alias J. H. Davis, alias William
Earle, was sentenced on August 19,
1892, to two years in the House of Cor
rection for burglary. On October 13,
1S95, he was sent to San Quentin for
four years on • the same charge from
Los Angeles County. Their move
ments up to 2 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing have been ascertained by Detective
Ryan and nothing suspicious detected.
LANDLADY SURPRISED.
of an Incriminating character was
found. They, were taken to the Hall of
Justice and. after a "sweating.™ regis
tered on the detinue book.
It has also been ascertained, the po
lice claim, that young Buttgenbach re
peatedly made ' threats against his
father. Several disputes, the police
allege, occurred between father and son
owing to the latter's spendthrift pro
clivities. It is also asserted that the
young man played the races heavily.
Young Buttgenbach. who was arrested
Saturday night after the shooting,
while forcing his way through a parti
tion leading Into the grocery of Alpers
& Heiede, in an endeavor, so he claims,
to escape from the -alleged thugs was
released yesterday morning after an
examination by Captain Martin. Louis
Brune called at headquarters and was
also questioned at length. They were
again taken into custody last evening,
however, and after two hours sweating
by Captain Martin and Detective Ryan,
it was decided to place their names on
the detinue book, pending further in
vestigation.
The witness found by Ryan states
that Albert Buttgenbach, while in the
saloon conducted by Alpers and Heide,
adjacent to the Pacific Packing Com
pany, a few minutes before the shoot-
Ing, took a revolver out of his right
side pocket and transferred the weapon
under his coat to the left pocket. Butt
genbach claims that it was only a
he was engaged In putting up his
wagon for the night in a shed directly
opposite, on Shipley street.
SAY HE MADE THREATS.
People who have suffered from the
alkali dust In traveling through south
ern Arizona, New Mexico and Texas,
find the old plague has practically dis
appeared. This baa been accomplished
by sprinkling the track with oil. The
principal reason why tht oiling of
roads has proved more successful in
the West than in the East is that the
California oil has less odor, is much
less volatile, and contains a larger
amount of asphalt than the Pennsyl
vania oil, and therefore forms a more
perfect crust of asphalt and sand.
When this work was first taken up
three years ago, many difficulties were
experienced in handling the thick,
mucky, crude oil. but at present it is
possible to distribute it the full width
of the ballast on the roadway, and that,
too, while running at the rate of about
ten miles an hour. From 4000 to 6000
gallons of oil are used to the mile. It
has been found necessary to follow the
first application of oil with subsequent
sprinklings from six months to a year
and a half, depending on the amount
of rainfall and the character of the
ballast. In sandy regions the oiling
must be repeated after any extensive
working on the track which breaks the
gummy crust. — New York Commercial.
Oillnc Western Railroad.*.
PRINCIPALS" IX STORY OF TRAGEDY THAT IS DEVELOPING INTO ONE OF THE CRIMINAL SENSATIONS OF THE DECADE.
y - ~*
ideal state?" '
Poor, hungry, bedraggled dream
ers: Bat they are not alone, for the
Japanese of all ranks outside of the
bo-rgeoise and the great nobles are
asking the same thing. With emi
nent practicality they ask: Why is it
not as easy to get a government that
represents the best conception of man
a* to worry along with a makeshift
that Is manifestly imperfect?
Before Japan lies the sinister shad
ow cf an Irresistible conflict.— London
Mail.
"why will it not be well to go the en
tire route, or at least so far as the
In fact, the industrial plutocrat was
unknown. The nobly born were rich, if
rich at all, only Jn land and rice, and
they were not envied, as th«y seem to
belong to the natural order of creation.
But to-day the tradesman and the
rr.anufacturer, who were once almost
the lowest of mankind. Infinitely below
the tillers of the soil, are becoming in
fo'ently rich and are the real lords of
Japan, while the children of Samurai
are glad to get small clerkships from
those whom their fathers despised.
I have been spending much time
in darkest Toklo cf late, and the micro
scopic misery to be found there would
make a story appalling to those who
fancy that Japan Is nothing but sway
inp lanterns and softly falling cherry
blossoms. Buying and* selling is con
ducted on such an infinitesimal scale
among those submerged wretches that
the sum c? sixpence will provide a
handsome stock for a hawker in popu
lar lines of food.
Among these unfortunates -who of
ten walk the streets at night for the
want of a halfpenny to engage lodg
ir.irs on a damp floor swarming with
vermin, one hears "the doctrines of
Proudhon and Ferdinand Lassalle dis
cussed volubly. Their works have
been translated into little pamphlets
and read to the illiterate by the occa
sional scholar who carries a few
thousand paragraphs in his brain.
"Japan has come so far," they say.
The Industrial Plutocrat Was Not
Not Known In the Old
Feudal Days.
Of eld Japan there were few violent
contrasts between rich and poor, end.
HOW IT WAS IX OLD
AXD HOW IX XEW JAPAN
Albert Bnttgcnbach Is in the
City Prison, suspected of hav
ing shot his father. Louis E.
Brune, the bookkeeper, who was
present at the commission of
the crime, has also been taken
Into custody, as the police be
lieve he knows more than he has
told of the affair. Notwith
standing these arrests, Edward
Gonzales and Jack Riley, ex
convicts, who roomed directly
opposite the Pacific Packing
Company, are -locked up. De
tective Thomas L. Ryan has
found a witness that asserts that
he saw Albert Bnttgenbach
with a revolver shortly before
the shooting. Jean Nichol, a
laundryxnan, who was at work
across from the Shipley-street
entrance, declares that no one
came out after the pistol shot.
Meantime, however, it has been ar
ranged that Cleveland shall be visited
at his home in Princeton for the pur
pose of going over the situation and as
certaining whether or not Cleveland
stands ready to accept the nomination
in case it comes to him absolutely un
sought and without an effort on his
part.
Murphy is confident that Cleveland
stands ready to accept the nomination
If it comes to him in that method. His
present confidence is due largely to
Cleveland's letter several days ago to a
Representative in Congress denying the
statement that he once entertained a
negro as a guest.
Murphy reHes first of all on the popu
larity of Mr. Cleveland In Brooklyn to
give him control of the Kings County
delegation, and on the fact that Hill's
open espousal of Judge Parker's candi
dacy will cost Judge Parker a consider
able percentage cf the support ha
might have received with a different
man as his campaign manager.
Murphy will leave the city In a few
days and will remain away for several
weeks. This is for th» purpose of elim
inating himself from the fight as far as
possible so that the natural animosity
against Tammany in some of the up
State counties may be reduced to a
minimum.
NEW YORK. March 6.— Cleveland
versus Parker is to be the issue of tha
fight for control of the Democratic or
ganization of New York State between
David Bennett Hill and Charles F.
Murphy. With this as the sole Issue fo
the fight Murphy Is confident that he
will be able to control the required
number of delegate* at the State con
vention in Albany on April 13.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 6.—
President Mitchell said to-night the
Eimaticn aa between the miners and
operators of the central competitive
district -had not changed since the ad
journment of the Joint conference yes
terday.
"The special committee,** he said.
"was appointed yesterday by the min
ers' crg"anization to consider the situa
tion and appointed a sub-committee
to frame a formal statement of the
position trhich the United Mine Work
era will now take. This sub-commit
tee Is at work and will report to-mor
row morning to the full committee.
which 'will submit its report to the
rrJlners In national convention at 3
o'clock. It will then be for the con
vention to accept or reject the report."
Tfcere was a conference to-day be
tween F. I*. Robins, leader of the op
erators, and President MItchelL
JCelther would say what, if anything 1 ,
was accomplished toward a reopening
cf , negotiations. Later In the day-
President Mitchell and many other
leaders of the miners were in secret
consultation.
Tammany Leaders WiU At
tempt to Break His Power
With Princeton Statesman
Report on Situation in In
diana to Be Presented
to a Convention Committee
HILL WANTS CONTROL
CONFERENCES ARE HELD
Labor Loader Announces the
Conditions Existing Be
tween Operators and 3Ien
Indications That Issue Will
Be Waged Between Parker
and Former President
MURPHY LOOKS
TO CLEVELAND
MITCHELL TELLS
OF THE STRIKE
Damaging Evidence Found
by Police Against
the Suspect.
ALBERT BUTTGENBACH IS TAKEN INTO CUSTODY ON SUSPICION OF HAVING
ATTEMPTED TO MURDER HIS FATHER AND THE CASE BECOMES SENSATIONAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, MARCH L-7; 1004.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne, or other skin troubles,
promptlyrelievedand cured by
This scientific germidde. which
is harmless, ceres by killing
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
rr.y signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
\tr*atir»t »t <Uo«Mt.
Try one drop of Schilling's
Best lemon extract in half-a-
glass of water.
Try how many drops of some
other extract it takes to flavor
SlS much.
At 7*or croccr's ; jtonrj-baek.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•: ?Good Fahh and Fair
Dealing."
We conduct no lottery.
Every suit of clothes leav-
ing- our establishment is
a prize, for with it goes a
guarantee of satisfaction.
Our customers have
$50,000 worth of material
to select from. Twenty-
five years of success is
assurance of our motto.
Suits from
$15.00 up
TrouserstoOrdir
$4.50 up
Samples and self-meas-
urements free by mail.
Ch&sLyonvSf
LONDON TAILOR
72IMa,rkeftMgt«Mrnyjt
¦|TpJ Perfect Fitting \\\
vy Eyeglasses sp
£j At Moderate Cost Lj"Sir," caid the stout stranger to the
crusty citizen, "can you show me the
nearest way to the center?"
"Do you take me for a city guide?"
snarled the "crusty one.
"I very stunidly took you for a gen
tleman." said the stout man.
"You are a loafer," cried the crusty
one.
Whereupon the stout, man's arm flew
out and his clenched hand smote the
crusty man's nose in' grievous fashion.
"Take no further, trouble." chuckled
the stranger. "I have found the near
est wav to the scenter without your
assistance-" — Cleveland' Plain Dealer.
Dinah Ebony— Aunty, de papers say
mebby de black plague will come to dia
country.
Aunt I" >ny — Don't you worry 'bout
dat, honey. It won't show on us. — New
York Weekly. - •- .
The Brute — I thought you had a far
away look in your eyes.—Princeton
Mamie — I am dreaming of my youth.
The Brute— What are you thinking of,
Mamie?
"Dor* said Grandfather Dutton,
shrugging his shoulders. "Why. some
time z I had to wait two or three min
utes before I could find cnother boy
but not often. There are alw»y»
plerV of boys.**— Chicago Tribuaj.
"Well." said Grandfather Dutton,
"when 1 was with Nixon & K«mp's
circus, forty or fifty years ago, one of
ray FTect acts was to get a boy to put
an apple on top of his head and then I
would stand ten paces away and shoot
a rifle b-.ll through it."
"But didn't you sometimes miss the
apple and •>»"«*» the boy?"
" "Not oftenTbHf it~'1ifrpeneaTone«~
awhile, of course."
"What did you do then?" they asked
breathlessly.
"Grandpa," said th* children, "tell us
another story about the time when you
were a "young rr.an and traveled with
the show, 'w -
NEW YORK, Mar»ch 7. —Charles F.
Aldrich, a twin son of Thomas Bailey
Aldrich, the author, is dead at Saranac
Lake from consumption. He was a
Harvard graduate and had entered a
business career in Boston which he was
compelled to relinquish two years ago,
when stricken by the disease which
caused his death.
Death of Author Aldrich's Son.
A well-attended meeting of the prop
erty owners of Noe Valley was held
at Twenty-eighth and Church streets
yesterday afternoon to enter their pro
test against the continuation of Gray
Bros*, rock crushing works in their vi
cinity. The meeting was presided over
by Daniel Ward, who stated the object
of the meeting. A resolution was
passed requesting the Mayor to veto
the ordinance permitting the rock
crushing when it comes before him for
his approval.
9 ¦ ¦
Oppo-ied to Rock Crushing
tory girls among the members.
"The essays that the girls ar# re
quired to write have developed some
pronounced literary ability. One stu
dent, as a matter of fact, fajui had sto
ries published; but she still earns her
living as a stenographer. Girls in
dressmaking shops who expect to fol
low this calling themselves attend our
drawing classes. Teachers and other
professional women spend two hours
an evening here on the languages. Our
students vary in ages from the young
girl to the gray haired woman. They
represent many walks in life, bat all
of them are working hard to Improve
themselves.— New York Sun.
AMBITIOUS GIRLS WORK
BY DAY. STUDY AT ' XIGHT
They Want to Get Along In Business
and So Attend the Evening
Scliools.
"Ambition centers is what I call
them," said the principal of one of the
three evening high schools for women
In New York City. "With very few
exceptions the girls who attend the
schools 9ve nights a week work dur
ing the day in offices, stores and facto
ries. Their hours are long. Most of
them are tired in the evening, but they
come here Just the game determined to
learn the things essential to getting
on in the world. They are girls who
are willing to sacrifice a good deal of
comfort and pleasure to their aspira
tions. • <
"The classes In stenography are the
largest. The majority of their mem
bers already have places as stenogra
phers, but they have been made aware
by employers, painfully In some cases,
that their transcribing or spelling or
English is not up to the mark, so they
come here to increase their proficiency.
The other night one bright girl told
me. with a suspicion of tears, that her
employer had discharged her because
she couldn't spell, but bad eaid that If
she would learn he would take her
back. She told me that her weakness
always had been spelling, but tbat sh*
had made up her mind to overcome It.
I think. she will.
"A great many of the girls are study
ing languages, French,; German or
Spanish, with a view to using them
"Some of them are already in train-
Ing schools and a few are graduate
nurses who attend our classes when
they can. Most of the prospective
nurses also take an hour every even
ing in physiology. Besides this com
mercial and scientific instruction, we
have a class devoted to Shakespeare
and other great writers, and this is one
of the most popular of all. In it the
chief aim is for culture rather than
practical utility, and yet the te are lac-
commercially. Most of those from de
partment stores take French, It being
th'eir ambition to become buyers for
the house and thus go to Paris to pur
chase stock. One girl, who is quite
pretty but has a strong business head,
is studying bookkeeping and commer
cial forms with a view of taking charge
of a grain and feed business. It belongs
to her father. She is in the office now
as stenographer and general assistant,
but eventually she expects to conduct
it herself, and from what I know of
her I think she will do it well.
"Arithmetic and algebra are not sub
jects over which women ordinarily
grow enthusiastic, but several hundred
of my students are grappling with them
bravely every night. These are the
ones who are preparing for the regents'
or the civil service examination. Chem
istry would seem to be no more inter
esting, but our laboratory Is well filled
eyery evening. Most of the girls to be
found In it have their eyes turned to
ward trained, . nursing, and to make
their equipment as thorough as possible
are starting in at the foundation of the
science of medicine.
NEW. YORK, March 6.— The Rus
sian gunboat Mandjur will be given
into the custody of the Chinese im
perial maritime customs officials, ac
cording to*" a Times dispatch from
Shanghai. The local authorities con
sider the landing of the crew unneces
sary and will so advise the Chinese
foreign officers.
NEW YORK, March 7. — Having
practically abandoned efforts to ship
supplies of foodstuffs from the Pacific
Coast to the Far East on account of
the alertness of the Japanese, it is re
ported that Russian agents are now
seeking to purchase stores through
London and New York for shipment to
Baltic ports.
Rates to the latter are extremely low
at present, favoring such an operation.
Red Alaska salmon, of which there Js
considerable stock in London and on
the way there. i3 .said to be chiefly
wanted. The bulk of this is controlled
by the Alaska Packers' Association.
_ ¦
China Will Take the Maniljur.
RUSSIA MAY BUY
SUPPLIES FROM THE
EASTERN DEALERS
'I was in a saloon on the corner
of Pinckley street and Broadway,
kept by Horrigan Brothers, when
Paul • Ludecker entered. Suddenly
Lud*-cker pulled a knife and plunged
it into my stomach. He then tried to
Btab me in the breast, but I threw him
off and ran out of the place.
"I had trouble with Ludecker and a
man named >Tunan before. Some
months ago they inveigled me across
the bay on the pretense that my
mother wanted to see me, and tried
to hold me up in a lonely spot in
Berkeley. They were arrested, and
during the prosecution a man named
Smith came to me and said that I
would be killed if I persisted in giving
testimony against the prisoners.
•'Finally, at the solicitation of Xu
nan's mother. I let the case go and
went to Portland, where I remained
for several months, returning here in
the latter part of January. To-night
was the first time I had seen Ludecker
since my return. A man In the saloon,
whom one of the proprietors will be
able to identify, left the saloon shortly
after I entered and brought Ludecker
back with him. Jly friends tried to
interfere when Ludecker assaulted
me."
Kriskey is not expected to live, and
Assistant District Attorney Louis Ward
and Detective Colenian went out to
take his dying, statement- Ludecker
was arrested in a saloon at the corner
cf Montgomery avenue an» Broadway
by I>etective Reynolds and Officers
Jack Kramer and McManus and placed
In the tacks pending the outcome of
Kriskc-y's injuries. Ludecker denies
having cut Kriskey, and claims that he
was not near the scene of the crime
after 6:30 o'clock-
Ludecker is known to the police a* a
bad character. They claim that he was
once prosecuted by Krickey for rob
bery, but escaped conviction.
At the Emergency Hospital, where
an operation was performed on Kris
key, the unfortunate made the follow
ing statement :
o'clock last night -wh^n, he says, Lu
decker and another man came into the
saloon. Kriskey says he at one* reccg
nJzed Ludecker as the man. that stood
him up in Berkeley several months ago,
and made a statement to that eff¦<^ct.
The men began to quarrel and the
saloon-keeper made them leave the
place. As soon as they got outside.
Kriskey claims. Ludecker stabbed him.
Lud<^ker hurried away and Kriskey
was takc-n to the hospital.
Wjllian Kriskey, a cberk employed at j
a grocery atahe corner -of Webster and
Washington streets, was seriously
etabb*-d last night at the corner of
Kirsckj^y alley and BroaxSway. Kriskey
charges Paul Ludecker with the crime, j
Kriskey was taken to the Emergency J
Hospital, where he lies in a precariou3 ',
condition. The unfortunate man was j
in a saloon at the corner of Hinekley I
a'l«*y and Broadwaj* shortly before 10 !
"The necessity for the relief here
sought is very great, and can be se
cured in the manner indicated without
sacrificing the efficiency of the service
to be rendered and at a. minimum ex
pense to the. Government. The only al
ternative which would afford .relief,
namely, a suitable Increase' In the
number of officers. on the active list,
•would involve so .large an expense as
to be. prohibitive/'
"A form of bill is submitted herewith,
which, if enacted into law, will accom
plish this and enable the department to
at once restore to their proper arm
and corps and to their appropriate
duties ninety-eight officers of the active
list now detached therefrom; some fur
ther reduction in the number detached
could be made by substituting retired
officers for active officers In the per
formance of staff duties.
Lieutenant Genera! Chaffee, chief of
staff, has invited Secretary Root's at
tention to the impairment of the effi
ciency of the army which results from
the very large number of commissioned
officers on the active list who, through
the requiremects of existing law and
the necessities of the service, are de
tached from their proper arms or corps.
From statements submitted by Gen
eral Chaffee it appears that there are
at present 423 officers of the active list
detailed away from their proper arms
or corps for detached service within
the army for stated periods, and that
the Saw authorize*, and the necessities
of the s^rvice may require, in the near
future, that this number be Increased
by, approximately, 77 men. It further
appears that there are 53 officers of
the active list similarly detached for
duty outside of the army under laws
which permit the number to be in
creased to something more than 200.
In other words, he says, there is a
minimum number of officers detached
for wrvice, both within and without
the army, of 4S2, and an approximate
maximum of 700. When to these num
bers there is added the large number
of officers of necessity temporarily
withdrawn from their customary duties
in attendance upon militia encamp
ments, as members of special duties, or
through sickness or leave of absence,
the percentage of absenteeism In the
army is shown to be very great, and
the difficulty of properly officering or
ganizations of troops and of main
taining their instruction and discipline
stands fully revealed.
TO UTILIZE RETIRED OFFICERS.
"One remedy for the evils herein
pointed out," says General Chaffee, "is
to Increase the number of officers on
the active list, but it is not thought
that Congress could be induced to
grant such increase in sufficient num
bers to afford adequate relief. A bet
ter remedy, and one which seems to
be entirely feasible. 1» to utilize the
retired list to perform all of the de
tached service within or without the
army which doeg not involve arduous
?ervice, and which for this reason is
presumably within the competency of
retired orScers to perform. College
duty, duty as Indian agents and duty
with the organized militia are exam
ples of detached service without the
army which retired officers can effi
ciently perform, and recruiting duty an
example of detached service within the
army which is clearly within the abili
ty of many retired officers; nor Is any
reason perceived why certain staff
duty, both within and without the
army, not involving service with troops,
should not be performed by retired offi
cers,. It is certainly not an unreasona
ble requirement, considering the gener
ous provision which the government
makes for its retired officers, to exact
from them the class of duties here
specified.
"I have therefore to propose the
amendment of section 1225. R.S.. sec
tion 20, of the act of January 21, 1&03.
and the act of July 13, 1892, so as to
limit details to duty with educational
institutions, with the organized militia
and as Indian agents to retired officers,
and that legislative authority be re
quested for the employment of such of
ficers, in the discretion of the Secretary
of War, on recruiting duty, as military'
attaches and staff duties not involving
service with troops; all retired officers
so detailed to receive the full pay and
allowances of their grade.
DRAFT OF BILL SUB31ITTED.
The thief then dashed down Golden
j Gate avenue and was lost to view in
j the mist. All kinds of descriptions
t were given of the thief. He was de
i scribed by some as being short and
stout, and by others as being tall and
thin. On one point, however, they all
agreed, and tb«at was that he was a
sprinter. The stranger and his little
boy disappeared in the meantime.
At the time of the hold-up the streets
were brightly lighted and many people
were passing by.
Loud yells of "stop thief!" threw the
resident* in the vicinity ot Hyde and
Eddy streets into a great state of ex
citement last night , about 7 o'clock.
From what could be learned from the
people la the neighborhood, a stranger
was walking up Hyde street, leading
his little boy by the. hand, when sud
denly a thug sprang upon him, and
leveling a gun at his head, demanded
that he hand over his valuables. The
stranger produced what money he had,
and also handed over his rinrs. The
thug then started down the street and
the stranger began to yell. This
brought about fifty children to the
scene* The whole bunch chased down
the street after thfc flying figure,
shouting Hkei,a 1st; of Indians. The
thief dashed into thV&fde door of a bar
back of Frahm's grocery store on the
corner of Hyde and Eddy streets, and
while his pursuers* were clamoring for
admittance he slipped out the front
door and tried to board a passing car.
The children paw the act and again
began to shout. This attracted the
attention of a farmer, who grabbed the
thug and pulled him off the car steps.
The thief pulled his revolver on the
farmer, who dropped him like a hot
cake.
William Kriskey Stabbed in !
Front of Broadway Saloon, j
He Savs by Paul Ludecker
Thug Holds Up a Stranger
at Nightfall and Believes
Him of 3Ionev and Jewelry
Would Utilize Retired Of
ficers of the Army for
the Itetaehed Service
BOLD ROBBERY
ON THE STREET
GEN. CHAFFEE'S
GOOD REMEDY
GROCERY CLERK
SERIOUSLY CUT
After a .&;?¦- of nearly forty years,
the identity of tt* "uakao»n b*ro" who
«>»ps In the lone grave in Aitoona
Pa«f, cear Kesnes**' Mountain, ca the
¦west ride of the track, has been made
It *^aiF be*a '.«rarr.ed that John Arm
etrenjr. a Ccr:fe«f*rra:e »oldieT. a mem
ber cf an Aiaharra. regicent, -cas
bsried in the "unknown grave." He
¦was killed as the confederate forces of
Johnson, retreating before the army
cf Eherrr-as.. inarched throtigrh the p&em
en route from Chattanooga to Atlanta.
Tbe mystery cf the solitary grave was
cleared away by John Lathes of Viola,
Ala., who acquainted I. P. Be* ell of
Oobb Oour.ty «;:h :he facts while the
latter vai on a i"t?.:i to Alabama.
Ever eince the- war the grave has
t**m kept up by the V.'estern & Atlan
tic Railroad. A ftf^l railing was placed
:¦--.¦.• •:.- r. :r.i kz.L a r^r:/- dab
erected, on which appears the following
isiKTiption:
*~ A- ':i:.:t^ H-r-,.
• •
The r,r*-s*nce cf th* grave in the pass
has bxnra known for years throughout
this sectioa. but no on* was ever f aund
wbo coaid cJ^-e ar.y light on the ques
tion of Use identity cf the . occupant.
Aft^r tfc* '.ar no *Sort «a* made to
r»rr;o'. - e thfl d'-a.'i folii^r. and the au
tboriUes of the *»V»«;*m & Atlantic
Railroad took the matter and de
ri--l«-d to rzrtr for th*- grave. It has at
tracted much attention from passen
f-n nho noticed the mound as the
trains fj>«*2 through the pass.— Atlanta
Ccmtltction.
She— Ah. yov m«rnt Before marriage
5-r«u -ay c*/«:r>limei:tF. but after —
He— Aft^r? Why. after, we do better;
¦»e pay bill?. — Life.
Confederate Soldier tn Lonely Grave
at Sanunh of Altoona Pae*, Ga-
Wv John AnzuFtroaz.
AX UXKXOVTV HERO
AT LA-ST IDENTIFIED
Spencer Wilkinson, in discussing ' in
this morciEg's Morning Pest, ihe news*
that fix Japanese cruisers escorting
ten transports had passed Chefu on
their way w the Gulf of Laaotung on
Thursday, says this points to theland-
Snsi>t.as Infantry brigade with some
divisional troop*, which by this time
will have landed somewhere, but adds:
*'I am a little doubtful of the idea of
landing a small force in Liaotung
peninsula while the Russian field army
is intact.' and imagine that the port of
Xewchwang is not at present a suit
able place, both because of the prox
imity of the Russian forces and of
shea! s and of fee. but there are land
leg p*aces at ard north of Shanhaiwan
and & force landing on that coast may
be. able to use the railway for the
transportation, of supplies as it works
northward.*"
evident 'that Russia is not strong
enough to risk any serious fighting in
Korea."
WILKJXSO.VS COMMENTS.
From the ce-wT«Vof the appearance
cf & ezrorjs ' iyin* eQ'iadron' before
Viadlrostok and of its taking pos
f'M.'.'. at it* ease. *wst cf ran^e of
the fortrees gxizxt and subjecting the
"Key to the Eest" to heavy shel^i^
for «..-. hoor daily, the Telegraph
draws the foKonnrx coaclasiori:
"Ttt fcrar P.ussms embers lyirr in
ti« haroor Hi not venture to come
out. Tt.*lr eiskiiyc of a traiap steam
er w*j th-^tr ard csly exji'loit and
they are lytr.* under the taueries. as
LOXIK3X, 3Iarch 7. — Once a^ain
ther» has been a lifting of the scre-*n
vtdcfa covers events fa the Far E^st.
tsd e.»*s cf rhe bombardment of
Vladivostok r**-etved in London yes
terday rev-ve-3 latent Interest is the
war. It Is taken -as evt-ient that Jap
an**; t2rtlcs are mc-ar.t to harrass
the enemy ail ! alorg the lice and
make Russian >.cocctntratlcn Impos
ciMe.
"The znain part of the heavy ships
cf the Japanese fieet are on the north
eastern side of Korea. Vladivostok
was shelled by these men of war. co
doubt, under tl*e nmrerae command
of Vice Admiral Toro. It will be no
ticed that while the attack was in
progress forr torpedo craft eraeryed
Rear Admtrai In^lis. writlny in the
iztt.* newspaper, says:
PROBABLY TOGO'S FLEET.
t^seless for all naval purposes as if
they "were lyiry? at the bottom.
"From the eta-tensent of an oScial
telegram that the Japanese ships
were cased with ice. we should as
pcni* that the RcarLsa vessels are
frozen In and that the ice breaker. In
view of the dreaded prorJnxity of the
hostile destroyers, can no longer at
tempt to keep open the pa&sage.
"In other words, Vladivostok, for
all eerious purposes, is as effectually
sealed as Port Arthur fcself, and the
Ccar*» trvtign Is the Far East has dis
appeared fronj the hiffh seas."*
from the shelter of adjacent land
ready for any t&ska."
The naval expert of the Daily Mail
b»Hev»« the object of the Vladivostok
denioiatratioa " was to ascertain
whether four Russian crh!ser»-^-the
GromoboJ, the Rossiay, the RtiriSi "and
the Bo^atyr — ivere inside the harbor.
**Oa this head the Russian? do not
enlie hten us,'' he adds, "though the
fact that their tflcgram makes r.o ref
erence to the ei:perb , bravery ef the
cruisers' cre^* ratb*r sn^gested tiia*
tb*y were not !n5ide. and thi* conclu
sion Is strenrtheced by the Tokib 're
port that they -were sighted last Thurs
day oil Monson.**
The Daily Chronicle naval expert
eay«: ".The isias<3 of Afkc-i from
which the Jai>a'ces» approached ard 1 to
which they retired, lies about fifty
miles southeast from Vladivostok and
It Is possible the fieet has established
a temporary base there to watch for
the cruisers or for breaking up the lee
in the harbor.
"On the military iid<?. It seen*.* nrrx
Special Cable to The Call and Xew York Herald. Copyright, 1KM, by the New York Herald Publishing Company.
London Telegraph Says Czar's Ensign Has Disappeared From the High Seas in the
Far East and Asserts That Vladivostok Is as Effectually
Sealed as Is Port Arthur Itself.
BRITISH EXPERTS PRAISE THE ENERGETIC COURSE
MAPPED OUT BY THE NAVAL TACTICIANS IN TOKIO
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 7. 19Oi.
4
Pretty Maids of the Orient and
¦ What Strange Scenes
They Witness.
JAPAXESE RED CROSS GIRLS
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
TELL YOUR NEWSDEALER TO SAVE YOU
Thc^pDriton^gjpl]
It's Free With Next Sunday's Caff
£¦?¦* -•"*> '- % i^"*5 - 1 " **^ : X y^5*^'?^ ** *^^Jk^^^^5^BsB MrL^^^wFi^f *'^?^ i -i^-^S* -^y*^v'*A<t^s#SBBss^PBtVHssPlfl5^3HE/' Xtf9^r»^^r^^^ * ¦ * - *
' - ' ' ' tffJSSSEsssMssl^fc "THBBSSp^ll^^TftaBsswHr^jfisfcr '~ '*- "^ 'v"-
'- * ' ¦*-'"•* * !H - "" -~ -,, J^: -' ¥\J£r4tm -7*2LjMBS^tt^^E^ '.-* ' * - *£> " ' ' 1 "sff^^fc *£fP^^skJ
"PURITAN GIRL."
A beautiful rrnroductlon in exact fac stmlle of the original by TL
Percy Moran. a picture of a sweet- faced Puritan maiden gathering hollr in
a snowy New England wood.
The quaintne."*s of her garb, the pore and Innocent expression, com-
bined with the delicate coloring in the figure and winter scenery, make
this a mo*t appropriate Lenten offerins.
Thfe Puritan Girl is beyond question one of the rlcrw-t of the many
art pictures that have been issued with The Sunday Call and will be
eagerly sought after. The only certain way to obtain one is to order
NHXT SUNDAY'S CALL
The Call is sold at all the principal hotels and news depots and by
all stationers and all train news agents.
Register a strong complaint if you cannot secure a Call.
ADVZSTISEMESTS. !
WORTS SIOIiE THAI.' J2.
XiW! »!i»vlrr yoora^lf a r*»l p!»a»srf.
trd . h.t i. «oft. »«ivet touch. Better gtt
ce*«.
PO7XET KXrVES u }<rm a* SOc la *il
»T*!i't*r<i ~*»"
eCISSQIiS frvia 25r up.
ETAB SAFETY RAZORS. t*tjUx «2 kind:
try prifx P1.5O
RAZOR STROPS. 3c en<? uj»crtf.
iia.ll crcrrt ;r_n.[*.:- t. . C
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS Tie Btatlcaer.
10C3 Market Street. Abor* Powell.
visit DR. JORDAN'S ohcat C
jyUSEUB OF AHATQBY*
T X?f ~*-' •-*"-"" AritCMirO Matmai ;r ¦!:» \
A ¦ ,j^jL. WartcL Wn«i«« m - j imma*at4 A
' fcS r~£) t«M f*iUI«r4r raml ft. «M«| 7
A Iff* I 62. MBDAM-D'SEASES OF tt£h 4
\ life 3 Crt«!u«n Utt i=4 *»r>fjr pri»»tr *.
A f Jj£7n ''«'«« f*r%or*:.f r* *>j \r\tr, . A g
" f %f el M An m every a-* cadouke*. T
Ari It ak «i«i far BmIc rK|L*seriiT *r 1
V • I i 1 * BtRiuce, muto pecm. (A.f
Jl J\ II *%<sl..t b*a* tot ir.~» ) \.
V B8.JOCDA5 4tCO«l»l 5i*rk««t,8. F. 9
IERCES
FAVORITE
SCEIPTIOM
R WEAfii WQMEM.
Prescriptions '34,406 and 7.
OTTAHAMTi:n> CXTKE 7OS BGBir.
HARKT.EE3 US JXCTXOXT. Cures ordinary
ess*! In a few days. Warranted to cur*
worst cases. SO OTEZB TiEATKEIfT
XEQTmUEB. Prevent* and Cures Stric-
tures. ntSTEVTS COVTAOZOV. Harm-
)*cc tl.W x*r tocttte. expre«Md. For •*!» oaly
T. S. JTXU.Y'S rira«sTflCT, 10) Eddy.MEMBERS OF THE EASTERN
STAR WHO ARRANGED
FOR TOURNAMENT.
"I see that Delaware is the only State
that has not provided for an exhibit at
the SL Louis exposition."
"She'll make the same old excuse, I
suppose." {/
"What's that?"
"Failure of the peach crop."—Cleve
land Plain Dealer
"That summer -boarder caught some
fish this morning," said Mrs. Corntos
eel. "Says he threw his line Into a
school of 'em."
"Any fish that was foolish enough to
let him catch 'em didn't belong to a
school," rejoined her. husband. "That
must have been an asylum." — Wash
ington Star
* SEATTLE, March- 6.— A dispatch
from Skagway to-day, states that there
have been continuous gales there since
February 1. The train from White
Horse reached Skagway on : Monday
afternoon after fighting for | four: days
the worst storm in years. The rotary
plow; bored through snow fifteen feet
deep. - ¦ - - • . - - *;
Gales Sweep Through Alaska.
• In the dead of night the landlady was
heard: hammering on the door of her
illustrious lodger's sleeping-room.
• v 'Wake up, \ doctor!" she exclaimed.
"I heard somebody trying to raise your
window just now!" ' * ,
"Nevier mind, < madam," grunted the
greats Dr.. Johnson, sleepily. "It's only
Bos well. He is trying to find out wheth
er or not I snore."— Chicago Tribune.
"The landlord, ma'am," quickly re-
V.ied the little boy, who lives in a flat.—
Fonkers Statesman.
"Who was it who saw the handwrit
ng on the wall. Freddie?" asked the
Sunday school teacher.
SEATTLE, March 6.— That the offi
cers of the vessel are free from blame
for the loss of the fifteen lives result
ing from the fire on the steamship
Queen on February 27 is the text of
the decision handed down by Inspectors
Whitney, and Turner to-day. The deci
sion contains but half a hundred words
and is to the effect that the officers
did air in their power to save the pas
sengers, and that the inspectors are un
able to ascertain the exact cause of the
conflagration.
Inspectors Exonerate Officers.
" W. G. Douglass, a capitalist of Car
son City, is at the Lick.
James M. Melghan, a mining man of
Groveland. is at the Palace.
F. J. Tiffany, a merchant of Japan, Is
at the Palace. He is en route home
from England.
Walter Maxwell of Los Angeles ar
rived at the Palace yesterday from
Mexico, where he is engaged in mining.
Former Congressman AlexanderStew
art of Wisconsin. Who is largely inter
ested ln» Calif ornia timber lands, arrived
at the Palace yesterday.' \
PERSONAL.
LOS ANGELES, March 6.— When
Colonel Griffith J. Griffith, convicted
of assault upon his wife with
a deadly weapon, appeared in
court yesterday morning. .„ Judge Oli
ver deferred the passing of sen
tence until next Tuesday, when Judge
Smith, the trial Judge in the case, who
is now engaged in the trial of the Box
all case at San Bernardino, is expect
ed to return. Griffith was returned to
the county jail.
Judge Smith, Who Presided at Trial
of the Case, Is at Present Absent
From Los Angeles.
PASSING OF SENTENCE
OX GRIFFITHS IS DEFERRED
To Lecture on Philippine*.
Chaplain Bateman of the Twenty
eighth United States Infantry, who has
Just returned; from the Philippine Isl
ands, will give a free Illustrated lecture
at the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion auditorium to-morrow evening at I
o'clock. The lecture will be Illustrate-!
with views showing costumes, arms
and methods of warfare. The public ia
invited. JC
The excellence of the work of Mar
shall Darrach In his Shakespearean re
citals has attracted such widespread
attention that the parlors of the Chan
nlng Auxiliary prove inadequate to
hold the audiences desiring to hear
him, and the ladies of have
secured Stelnway Hall for to-morrow
evening, where at 8:15 o'clock Mr. Dar
rach will present "Julius Caesar," and
on Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock
the "Comedy of Errors" and selections
from Browning. Those persons hoWing
course tickets will be allowed to use
two or all three admissions at one re
cital if they desire. Tickets may be ob
ta'jied at the door at the time of the
recitals.
Darrach Recitals.
Will Talk on Southern Trip
OAKLAND, March 6.— Edwin Stearns,
secretary of the Oakland Board of
Trade, will address the Women's Civic
Improvement Club at Chabot Observa
tory Hall to-morrow afternoon at 3:S9
o'clock. The subject of Mr. Stearns"
address will be "What the Boosters
Heard and Saw on Their Recent South- k
ern Trip." All those interested in the
subject are Invited to attend.
The varsity b*sket-ba!I team will meet the
Occi-lpntal Athletic Club team In Hanr.cn eym
narlura at 8 o'clock on Friday night.
The Faculty Club will hold a club night next
Friday eveninp. Professor Irvinic Strinxham
win be the host and Professor Edmond O'Xelll
th«- rpraker. <
Candidates for teachers' certificates will meet
Mr*. Cheney, the appointment aecretary, in
ror>ra 22. South Hall, at 4 o'clock on Thursday.
The distribution of the tickets for the Art
Association Illustrated lecture on Thursday in
Heart! Hall will brfia at the co-cperative
rtore at 10 oViock on Wednesday and continue
until 2 o'clock. The lecture will be delivered
by Stmuel Adelrtrin. who will speak on "The
Temple of the- Tloly City." Horatio Cogswell
will Bins two numbers.
"Bin* and Geld Josh Day." a new institu
tion, will be inaugurated at the university on
¦Wednesday. On that day every student will
he expected to put Into a box at the co-opera
tive store at l*att two joshes on their fallows.
These wUl be assorted and the best ones put
in this year's Blue and Gold.
Miss Era^mar Whit*. '05. will address the
Young Women's Christian Association next
Tuesday afierr.rx>n at 4:15 o'clock In Stiles
Hall. Her subject will be "God Is Wive "
BERKELET. March 5. — Captain Frask I*.
Wlnn. quartermaster of the Twelfth Infantry.
TC. S. A., and formerly instructor In military
tactic* at the university, has been appointed
an aid-tfe-CAtap to Major General Arthur Mac.
Arthur, commander cf the division of the Pa
cific. Captain Wir.n was chosen to his new
station as he was about to leave with his regi
ment for the Philippine*, where he served dur-
Jnr the Spanish-American war.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
TACOMA, Wash., March 6.— To save
the Hf6 of a •wounded and suffering
Eskimo P. C. O'Donnell traveled 600
miles over the frozen tundra and
streams of the Bering Sea region in
December. He suffered from expos
ure for twenty-one days, was com
pelled to Bleep in the open most of
the time, waded for miles through the
Icy water of mountain streams and
all this time cared for Isaac Wood,
a native, who had met with an acci
dent while hunting, which severely
wounded him in both hands. Wood
accidentally discharged his rifle and a
heavy 44-caliber bullet passed through
the center of his right hand and tore
away the thumb of the left hand. The
accident occurred far above Cape
York, 600 miles from Nome, and ade
quate medical attendance was procur
able only at Nome. O'Donnell quickly
perceived that heroic action was nec
essary if the Eskimo's life was to be
saved. Loading provisions on a sled
he started with him, but they were
soon compelled to abandon the sled
and carry the food on their backs.
They reached Nome December 22.
Wood was truly grateful, declaring
O'Donnell had saved h's life.
There can be no cause ascribed for
Young's desire to do away with himself.
His married life had been happy, he
wealth and fewer troubles than
fall to the lot of the average man.
Coroner Blackburn's jury determined
that the deed was done while deceased
was temporarily insane. Young was a
member of a pioneer family of Healds
burg and Alexander Valley, and his
tragic end caused a sensation among
his friends there. He was widely known
throughout Northern California.
\ SANTA ROSA. March 6. — "While
laboring under a spell of temporary in
sanity, yesterday afternoon. Elwin
Young, a resident of Healdsburg and
Alexander Valley, took his life. The
man used a Winchester rifle. He placed
the muzzle of the weapon to his breast,
over the heart, and pulled the trigger.
The sound was muffled by the gun
being held close to Young's breast, and
his wife and a lady friend, inside the
house, were unaware of the tragedy
that had been enacted until they came
across the lifeless form some time later.
Young came up from the barn, where
he had been laboring, and secured the
rifle, but his wife supposed he intended
to kill some animal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
This means that other war vessels
will be sent to Bremerton if the New
York is not.
Secretary Moody hag given me positive as
surance that our navy yard will be given equal
consideration with that of Mare Island, either
through assignment, which you suggest, or
otherwise. ¦
TACOMA, Wash., March 6.— The
commercial bodies of the Sound cities
have been keeping wires to Washing
ton hot for several days in an effort
to obtain assurances from Secretary
Moody that work at the Puget Sound
Navy Yard Is not to be suspended.
The work now on hand there will be
finished In April. Eighty-five men were
taken off the pay roll last week and
since December the force of nine hun
dred men has been cut in two. Some
have feared that Secretary Moody
would close the works at Bremerton as
an effort' to cut down the price of ad
jacent lands which the department
wishes to buy. Negotiations have been
suspended lately because of high prices
asked by John Bremer and others.
The Washington delegation in Con
gress has urged Secretary Moody, to
have repaired at Bremerton the cruiser
New York, on which something like
$700,000 is to be spent.
Last night Senator Foster wired as
follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Miner Travels Six Hundred
3Iiles With Injured Native
in Search of Medical Aid
Commercial Bodies Are Fear
ful That Work at the Navy
Yard May Be Withdrawn
Prominent Citizen of Alex
ander Valley Fires a Rifle
Bullet Into His Heart
OAKLAND, Mareh «.— The members
of St. Anthony's pariah, in East Oak
land, will give a fair during the last
week in October to raise funds to pay
for the recent additions to the boys*
parish school. Those who will be i:i
charge of the different booths are: Vio
let booth. Mrs. E. J. Koenig: forget-me
not booth. J. T. Harrington: carnation,
Mrs. M. Fitzgibbons; geranium, Mrs.
R. Fitten; sunflower. M. A. Mclnni?:
country store, the Misses Moffat: mari
gold. Miss Josephine Nesbit: cosmos.
Mrs. Frank Garcia: daisy. Miss Lisa
Covington White; fern. Mrs. A. M. Ro=«
bcrough: chrysanthemum, Mrs. Hugh
Hogan and Mrs. M. J. Keller; ivy.
Brother Felan; poppy. Mrs. Geors?
Schmltt; refreshments. Miss Hazel Ho
gan and Miss Mao* Harrington.
Fair for Benefit of School.
SAVES THE LIFE
OF AN ESKIMO
SOUND CITIES
ARE NERVOUS
KILLS HIMSELE
WHILE INSANE
SEATTLE. March 6.— Adolph Krug.
formerly City Treasurer of Seattle,
who was found dead on January 1
under circumstances which indicated
suicide, is charged in two suits filed
Saturday with having forged the names
of his wife and her brother. William
Ritterhoff, to notes aggregating con
siderably more than $10,000.
On December 31, the day before
Krug died, Mrs. Krug went to a bank
which held one of the notes, although
her husband tried to dissuade her, and
there ascertained the facts. That after
noon Krug crossed Puget Sound to
Pleasant Beach, a few miles away
from Seattle, and the next morning
was found dead in bed in the hotel
at that place. The suits are to have
the notes declared void.
Krug was formerly Treasurer of the
city and spent a term In the peniten
tiary, being pardoned, however, before
it was completed, for a shortage in his
accounts. It was generally believed
that he was guilty of no wrong intent
and that he was a victim of his friends,
to whom he loaned the city's money,
and that his shortage was the result of
his own Ignorance of business and
bookkeeping. It was on this theory
that he was pardoned. The case was
quite a noted one at the time.
Serious Crime Is Charged to Former
Official or Seattle, Who Died In
\ der Strange Circumstances.
ALLEGATION' OF FORGERY
MADE AGAINST DEAD MAX
BERKELEY. March 6.— The Rev.
Edward L. Parsons, the newly choseu
rector of St. Mark's Episcopal Church,
preached his first sermon at the
church this morning. A large congre
gation was present to welcome the
rector, there being some 700 people in
the seats.
The Rev. Mr. Parsons took the text
for his sermon from Matthew, v:S,
"Blessed are they that hunger and
thirst after righteousness." A com
munion service was afterward held.
This evening the Rev. Mr. Parsons
preached again, his text being: "What
doth the Lord require of thee?"
The Rev. Mr. Parsons succeeds the
Rev. George C. Swan, who resigned
the pulpit of St. Mark's on account of
falling health and took up missionary
work among the Indians of Modoc
County. /
The Rev. Edward L. Parsons Is Wel
comed to Xew Pastorate by a
Large Congregation.
PREACHES FIRST SERMON"
AT ST. MARK'S CHURCH
and Peralta streets. The committee in
charge cf the affair has provided a
large number of handsome trophies for
those that make the highest -scores.
The tournament Is for the benefit of
Unity Chapter.
The entertainments given by Unity
Chapter are always thoroughly enjoyed
by the patrons and the ladles In charge
of the whist tournament promise that
the present affair will be no exception
to this rule. Play will be commenced
OAKLAND, March 6.— The members
of Unity Chapter, No. 65. Order of East
ern Stars, will give a prize whist
tournament next Tuesday evening,
March 8, at Alcatraz Hall, on Eighth
The members of the committee In
charge of the arrangements are: Mrs.
H. A. Glinck, Mrs. Charles J. Krvster,
Mrs. A. W. Payne. Mrs. Alfred Pea
cock, Miss Minnie Hartman, Alfred
Peacock, P. J. O'Neal and Ratt Austin.
man. Miss Claire Kryster, Miss
Barnum and Miss Carrie Cobb.
at 8:S0 and as a large number of ta
bles have been provided every one will
be sure of a chance to win one of the
prizes, which are now displayed in the
window of C. J. Heesman's stor^.
Among the young: ladies that will act
as scorers at the tournament are: Miss
Sadie Hallett. Miss Mae Bishop, Miss
Hazel Chase, Miss Ha2el Coombs, Miss
Minnie A. Hartman, Miss Tillie Hart
thoi
All this time he is unconsciously ab
sorbing the great lesson of systematic
application; he is learning to lay out
work on a definite plan, and then me
thodically following that plan to se
cure the desired result, exactly what
/.he skilled blacksmith docs.
It is not the purpose of those who
advocate blacksmithing for boys to
teach them even the rudiments of the
trade with the Idea they will follow it.
There is not so much even of the mar -
ual training idea to the proposition.
The thought rather is along the line
of play, but play which will develop
the body and pleasantly discipline the
mind. The equipment is to be of the
simplest character— a light hammer or
two, tongs, a slight sledge, a small
anvil, an open coal fire and small sized
bar iron, round and square, cut into
short pieces. The little blacksmith will
have a leather apron and will wear old
clothes because of the sparks.
The entire outfit will rot cost much,
and If desired this cost can be decreased
by getting a square block of cast iron
from some foundry instead of buying
an anvil.
It matters little what the boy may
attempt to make, he is bound to use
every muscle in his body. It is well
known that the left arm and shoulder
muscles are exercised less than the
right side, but the young iron worker
will grip hi3 tongs with his left fin
gers, and every time he strikes a ham
mer blow he will instinctively oppose
it with the muscles of his left arm!
The mere act of hammering will bring
into play all the muscles of his right
arm, back, loins and chest, for he will
work stooping over.
He will be directed to heat his Iron
and then make a square bend. This
is not so simple as it looks, and his
first attempt will result in a curved
hook. After a few lessons he will be
required to point one end of a square
bar, and so he will be led along until
he can circle a light bar around the
horn of the anviL
Progressive educators have taken
note of these results from manual
training, and some of them have de
cided that blacksmithing contains
more possibilities for physical and
mental good to boys than any other
trade. They reason that it is boy na
ture to love action and noise, particu
larly when noisy action is brought
into play to make things. The ring
ing of the anvil, the clang of metal
striking metal and the activity re
quired of one who is working with
red hot iron give the boy the action
and noise v.-hich appeal to his nature.
It also has been observed by those
who intend fitting up miniature black
smith shops for youngsters that iron
workers who handle the heated metal
are, as a rule, strong, healthy men,
above the average intelligence. Black
smiths, rolling mill men, iron molders,
puddlers, steelmakers all measure
well above the average in physical
and mental strength. It would seem
that iron enters the very blood and
tissues of those who handle It: that
it imparts Its characteristics to those
who subdue it.
Blacksmithing for the physical and
mental culture of boys is the latest
proposition advanced by educators. It
is proposed to use the fire, anvil,
tongs and hammer of the iron craft
to build up boy muscle and develop
boy mind; ax the same time. Observ
ing teachers and parents have noticed
the fascinating influence which the
blacksmith's shop holds for, the
average boy. Principals of manual
training schools have seen physically
weak lads transformed into active,
.sturdy boys .after a year's course, in
the school workshop. The. training of
the hands to use tools also has trained
the mind along conservative lines, and
the muscular energy expended has de
veloped physical strength-
Crafts.")
(CoDj-rieht. 1904, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
(Author •"StacD Talk en Wonders of the
BY MALCOLM MCDOWELL.
Xrj> Sport for Boys.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
' 1118 Broadway, March 6.
The body of a man that had commit
ted suicide under unexplained circum
stances was found this forenoon at
Arden. a railroad station near Newark
on the narrow-gauge road to San Jose.
Evidence of poisons that might have
been taken by the unidentified despond
ent was brought to light in the shape of
two vials, one of which had contained
cocaine and the other hydrochloric
acid. The remains were taken to Cen
ferville by Deputy Coroner Francis.
The vials were labeled from Jorgen
son's drug store, Kearny^and Wash
ington streets. San Francisco^ Besides
these there was found in the pockets a
number of surgical instruments and
dental appliances. Thrre was a belief
expressed by Deputy Coroner Francis
that the decedent might have been a
dentist, the instruments, as well as
the empty vials, pointing to that. Both
cocaine and the acid are used by dent
ists, the acid being utilized extensively
in cleaning plates.
Any papers or other clews that might
lead to identification had been de
stroyed"^ gotten rid of before the
man ended his life. ,
The body was that of a middle-aged
man, perhaps 43 years old. and of Ger
man cast of features. He was sandy
of complexion, light brown mustache,
weight about 200 pounds. The clothing
was of good material.
Deputy Coroner Francis will hold the
body for identification.
Unidentified Man Commits
Suicide at Arden, a Station
Near the Town of Newark
Evangelistic services were held to
day at Calvary Baptist Church, the
Rev. M. Slaughter officiating.
The Rev. J. K. Harrison delivered an
address to-day at the Fourth Congre
gational church on "The Home Mis
sionary Fields."
The Rev. Bradford Leavitt of San
Francisco preached this morning at the
First Unitarian church.
Mis? Virginia de Fremery gave an
organ recital this evening at the First
Presbyterian church.
The Rev. G. Campbell Morgan, suc
cessor to the late Dwlght L. Moody,
will conduct afternoon services at 4
o'clock daily for a week, commencing
March 12, at the First Congregational
Church. ,
The Baptist churches of Oakland,
Alameda and Berkeley will hold a mis
sionary conference Thursday afternoon
and 'evening at Masonic Hall. Twelfth
and Washington streets. The Rev. H.
P. Cochrane of Toungoo, India, will
deliver an address, and Professor M.
B. Vail of Tokio, Japan, will speak in
the evening on the "Significance of the
Present Russo-Japanese Conflict."
The Rev. C. E. Hewitt. D. D., of the
University of Chicago, preached to-day
at the First Baptist Church.
The Rev. Charles T. Walkley, rector
of St. Paul's Episcopal Church, has or
ganized a Bible class for men and wo
men, which held Its first session thld
evening.
The West Side Pastors* Union has
arranged an interdenominational con
ference on evangelism, which will be
held for two days, beginning March 21,
at Union Street Presbyterian Church.
Twenty-five speakers, clergymen and
laymen prominent in the work, will
take part in the conference. Efforts
have been made to gain the co-opera
tion of the Christian Endeavor union*,
Epworth Leagues and Baptist Young
People's Unions. The last session will
be devoted to the young people.
Special topics for discussion during
the conference will be "Present Needs
and Conditions," "The World Tour of
Torrey and Alexander," "The Causes
of Prejudice Against Revivals." "Win
ning the Children," "Spiritual Force3. 1
••Practical Methods" and "Personal
Evangelism."
The Christian Endeavor societies of
Oakland Presbytery will hold a home
missionary rally at the First Presby
terian Church. March 11, at 7:45 o'clock
in the evening.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. March 6.
Some time during the night David
Tisch, 672 Twenty-fourth street, enter
tained a burglar unawares, who went
out by -'the front window with $34 of
Tisch's money. J. T. Roach, 662 Twen
ty-fourth street, a neighbor of Tisch,
also had a call from presumably the
same thief, who departed likewise by
the front window with $15. At neither
place did the burglar touch Jewelry
that could have been his for the taking.
The police were notified.
At O. H. Beer'a residence, 930 Myrtle
street, the burglar called at 1:30 o'clock
this morning, entering by way of a
front window. Beer was awakened, but
only in time to see his uninvited guest
disappear through the open window.
Beer's loss'was the $3 and the watch
and chain.
In two of the houses ransacked Jew
elry in plain sight was passed by and
nothing was taken but money. The
third home entered yielded only $3 in
coin, so the burglar eked out by taking
the watch and chain. v
Discriminating burglars with an eye
mainly for the coin of the realm paid
three more or less profitable visits to
Oakland residences last night, but,
luckily for the householders, {he intrud
ers* rewards grossed only $52, with a
silver watch and chain on the side.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, March 6.
"If th*; present activity keeps up this
year will be better than last, and 1903
was the best year in the history of
Oakland for real estate."
William J. Laymance said: "There
has been a general advance in all de
partments of the realty market, and
property values and rents were never
in better condition than at present, and
plans are being prepared for several
more large business buildings which
will afford mere room for stores. Much
outside capital is coming into this city
for investment, probably more than
*ver before at this season of the year.
This influx Is largely due to the fact
that the San Francisco Call is running
the news from this city in all editions
of the paper and letting people in other
parts of California and in other States
know what is going on here. I have
met several business men who came to
Oakland from outside the State and
who have since located here, who have
told me that their attention was first
tailed to this city by the Alameda
County news printed in The Call."
said: # -
"The regular spring business is just
commencing now and the market is
exceptionally good. Quite a good deal
of outside capital is coming in and we
have many inquiries for business and
residence property, with but few offer
ings at present, as owners seem in
clined to hold on and await the open
ing of the summer market. Desirable
business and manufacturing sites are
hard to secure, and it is almost impos
sible to get enough houses to supply
ih» demands of incoming renters.
Real estate dealers report that the
market, during the two months Just
passed, has far exceeded ali expecta
tions, and they say that if business
keeps up as it has begun, this ¦will
be the greatest year for real estate
ever known in the history of the city.
Although early in the year, much
building is already being done, and
many more structures will be be
gun as soon as the weather settles.
One large contract for the erection
of ten houses on Apgar street was
recently filed by C. T. Johns, who has
let the contract to C. M. MacGregor.
The ten houses will cost $15,594. In
spite of the large amount of building
which has been done during the .win
ter and the early spring, prospective
renters find it difficult to secure
houses of any description, and nearly
every structure which is built to rent
Is taken before it is completed.
Frank J. Woodward, president of the
Oakland Real Estate Association, in
discussing present market conditions.
A resolution indorsing the action
of the City Council in deciding to sub
mit a proposition to the citizens of
Oaklasd to issue bonds for needed
public Improvements was adopted
by the Oakland Real Estate Asso
ciation at the last meetlne of that
organization, and a bond committee,
¦which Trill act in accord with like
committees from the Board of Trade
and the Merchants* Exchange, was
appointed. The members of the
bond committee are H. B. Belden. A.
J. Snyder, James S, Naismith, John'
T. Bell and C. H. Taylor.
The plans for the proposed lake
park between Eighth and Twelfth
streets were examined and the
members considered the allowance
made in U»e proposed bond issue very
reasonable in proportion to the im
portance of the improvement. The
members of the Oakland Real Es
tate Association believe that the peo
ple of Oakland realize the need of
public Improvements and they are
satisfied that the bonds -will carry.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. March 6.
FINDS DEATH
WITH POISONS
Professor M. B. Vail From
Tokio Will Speak on the
Russo - Japanese Conflict
Take Money but Leave Two
Houses Without Collecting
the Gems in Plain Sight
Good Business Locations Are
Being Sought With Arid
ity by Prospective Buyers
JEWELRY IS UNTOUCHED
MISSIONABY MEETINGS
REALTY MARKET LIVELY
Prominent Churchmen Call a
Conference to Discuss the
Spreading of the Gospel
Burglars Raid Three Resi
dences but Are Compen
sated With Small Returns
Oakland Beal Estate Asso
ciation Indorses Action
Taken by the City Council
EVANGELISTIC
WORK IN HAND
NIGHT'S WORK
YIELDS LITTLE
DEALERS FAVOR
BOND ISSUE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1904.
Members of Unity Chapter, Order of Eastern Star, Complete Prepara
tions for Prize Whist Tournament to Be Given Tuesday Evening at
Alcatraz Hall, Eighth and Peralta Streets, for Benefit of Organization
HANDSOME TROPHIES FOR PLAYERS
THAT MAKE THE HIGHEST SCORES
5
SJ ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK,
M*U Tills Order to Thm Saa rzaaolsco Can Wlt> 73a.
The San Francisco Call.
San Francisco. CaLr
Inclosed herewith please find 75c, for which send tns on*
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Coot Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
SIGNEP ....« ..« » — •
STREET. „.. ™., ...„« ....,—
CITY -..—«,
STATE - .r.~—
SEE THE PICTURES.
THE SCRAPBOOK PAGE.
Everything for Everybody.
Things Yon Will Quote Every-
where.
>*ETT SUNDAY CALL.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAXD.
111S Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2143 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Ea^le 503.* Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men fty the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal-.
ifornia street. Telephone Jiaia 1013. •
Townsend's California glace fruits *nd
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids."
Emperor William has expressed his purpose to greet
Admiral Evans on his voyage home, shake hands and ex
change compliments. Let the meeting between- the sail
or man and the war lord be significant of something
broader and deeper than the greeting of two individuals.
Let it express the sentiment of two great nations that
want peace and friendship, not strife and war. . . •
To Petersburg came three American
business men to secure a gold mining
concession. There are 851 places whefe
gold is found in Russia, and our friends
wanted the privilege of working one of
those places. First, they had to deposit
550,000 with the Ministry of the Interior
as "good faith." - So much for the regu-
Groftovich.
THE public is for the first time getting authoritative
statements of the Mormon faith and practice, in the
interesting testimony of, President Smith before the
Senate committee.*
There has been much mystery about the Mormon doc
trine of revelation. While the seat of the church was at
Nauvoo and Joseph and Hyrum Smith were in charge,
revelation figured in politics. During that time Colonel
Hoge and General Baker, afterward eminent Califor
nians, ran against each other, for. Congress in the Nau
voo district. General Baker arranged with Joseph Smith
to have a revelation that the Mormons should vote the
Whig ticket. The revelation reported on time.and prom
ised to be worth what it cost., .When Colonel Hoge
OBEYING , REVELATION.
WORLD'S POPULATION— A. C. S..
Cloverdale, Cal. The population of the
world, according to race, as estimated
by John Bartholomew, F. R. G. S., of
Edinburgh, is as follows: Indo-Ger
manic or Aryan (white) in Europe.
Persia, etc., 543,500,000; Mongolian or
Turanian (yellow and brown) in the
greater part of Asia. 630.000,000; Semitic
or. v Hamitic (*rhite) in North
Africa, Arabia, 63.000.000; Negro
and* Bantu (black) in Central
Africa. 150.000.000; Hottentot arid Bush
man (black) in South Africa. 150,000;
Malay and Polynesian (brown) In
Australasia and Polynesia. 33,000,000;
American Indian (red) in North and
South America, 15,000.000; total. 1.440.
650,000. That of the Chinese Empire is
given as 426,447.000.
REGISTRATION — J. I.. Gilroy. Cal.
When a citizen who has the qualific;t
tions that entitle him to registration
to enable him to vote he must take a
solemn oath that he will give true an
swers touching such qualiflaction to
entitle him to registration. Should he
make a false statement as to name or
any other material fact he would be
liable to prosecution for perjury.
SENATORS — H. S. B.. Ukiah. Cal.
Any Senator of the United States will
become possessed of letters addressed
to him. directed to Washington. D. C.
If such reach there when the Senator
is absent they will, according to in
structions, be forwarded.
BT F. L. OSWALD. «\- M.. M. D.
tAuthcr of "Physical Education." "The Reme
dies of Nature," Etc.]
<Copyrts1it, 190*. hy Joseph B. Bowles.)
A few minutes, rescued from years of
educational absurdities, would suf
fice to acquaint millions with the char
acteristic symptoms of many diseases
that yield readily to simple- remedies
applied Jn time. " .
Th? knowledge of* predisposing con
dition Is of . almost e)jual Importance,
and that cincumstande would . often
give home treatment an advantage
over, the b^t professional assistance. f
Friehts About Disease.
¦ > * •
A Guess. — Sunday school teacher —
Now. can any little boy tell me what is
meant by "profane history"?
Tommy Boggs— I guess it's the kind
yer swear at when yer have ter study
it.— Philadelphia Ledger. -•
PAYNE AND OTHERS— H. A. M..
City. A full report of the trial of Payn<\
Mrs. Surratt and others for conspiracy
to assassinate President Lincoln is to
be found in the folios of the New York
Herald. There is a file of those papers
in the Free Public Library of this city.
The London Globe of February 16
contains an item which should interest
our frisky young college youth. It
says:
"To-day being Shrove Tuesday, the
time-honored custom of tossing the
pancake was again observed at West
minster School, in the presence of a
considerable number of visitors. As in
previous years, the ceremony took
place in the large hall. Shortly before
1 o'clock the scholars were assembled
under the direction of the headmaster
in the hall, those selected to compete
for the prize of 1 guinea, which goes
to the boy who secures either the
whole or the largest part of the pan
cake, being drawn up in order at the
entrance end of the hall beneath the
bar over which the pancake is tossed.
The other boys were stationed on the
far side of the bar, and eagerly fol
lowed the proceedings. At 1 o'clock the
school cook, in his white apron and
cap. and bearing In his hand the pan
containing the pancake, entered the
hall, preceded by the dean's verger.
Marching to the far side of the bar,
and taking careful aim, he threw the
pancake over the bar to the other side.
A stern struggle took place for posses
sion of the cake, and eventually It was
secured by H. F. Saunders of the Sci
ence Sixth, who emerged from the
scramble with the largest piece in his
hand. He was loudly cheered as he
was led away by the dean's verger to
receive the guinea whicl. he had won."
If President Wheeler, for example,
should advocate the annual tossing of
a doughnut frdm the clock tower at
Berkeley the spirit for "rushing" would
vanish Immediately.
Suggestion for Berkeley.
TREE FROG-J. D. R.. Oakland. Cal.
The color of the tree frog varies from
pale ash to dark brown, with several
large, irregular blotches of greenish
brown and white, and abdomen yellow,
ish near the thighs. This frog can
change its color, apparently, at will.
DRAW IT MILD-S., City. It is said
that the expressions "Come It strong"
and "Draw it mild" were originally used
by the leader of an English orchestra to
violinists, when he wished them to play
loud or softly.
Answers to Queries.
The Tokoyo baseball team is an ef
ficient organization, and It frequently
drubs the teams from other ports and
cities. At the Yokohama cricket
grounds excellent and sharply contest
ed games may be witnessed occasion
ally between the Tokio native team
and the Yokohama foreign organiza
tion. — Outing.
So deeply rooted is the native love
for the strenuous life that the national
sports of other lands have been tried in
Japan. The Mikado, with many of the
imperial family, attends th« annual
spring races in Yokohama: but nothing
in the line of imported sports so ap
peals to the Japanese as cycling and
baseball. Cycling clubs are scattered
all over the empire, thousands of
American bicycles spin across the isl
and and the foreigners experience dif
ficulty in keeping even a few of the
records and trophies out of native
hands.
In a Japanese town one cannot walk
far without being confronted by ath
letics in one form or another. In the
streets you can rarely escape the
painted and gaudily dressed tots, who
turn baby handsprings, execute somer
saults and do other infantile stunts in
a wheedling effort to secure the 'hairy
foreigner's" wealth. A Japanese
matsuri were not the fair it purports
without the bespangled tisrht-rope per
former, the bamboo ladder climbing
youngsters, the wrestlers, tumblers,
spearsmen or fencers.
The Athletic Japanese.
on Admission day.
It is also proposed to run two special trains to St.
Louis to carry the great number of those who might be
expected to take part in a California celebration in the
exposition city. One train would start from San Fran
cisco and one from Los Angeles. The special trains
would carry only Native Sons, representatives of the
State government and writers for the California press.
Governor Pardee and all the members of the Grand
Parlor would be on one train. An application has been
made formally to the transportation companies for a low
rate to St. Louis and return.
In the text of that application it is set forth that "we
expect to organize the membership throughout the State
in order to have a large percentage participate in the
celebration upon California day. We believe that sev
eral thousand can be induced to make the trip providing
a very reasonable rate can be made by the transconti
nental transportation companies. If such rate can be
made we propose to arrange a parade, by Native Sons
exclusively, that will attract the attention of visitors from
all parts of the world, and in this connection we desire
to state that, with our twenty-five years of experience in
parades and public demonstrations, .we believe that the
people of your company, like the greater portion of th'a
people of California, will not ask for any better proof of
our ability to get up and manage. a successful parade and
demonstration."
The decision in this matter, rests with the Native Sons.
The proposition indicates that the younger men in the
order are alive to the benefits of having Califorina talked
about and that there are many among them who would
willingly give their time and spend their money to
achieve that end.
HR. McNOBLE, grand president of the Native Sons
of the Golden West, has just completed a tour of
• the State, during which every parlor of the Native
Sons was visited, for the purpose of getting the opinion
of the members regarding the proposed celebration of
Admission day at the St. Louis Exposition. Mr. Mc-
Noble reports that three propositions have been sub
mitted to the Native Sons and that they seem to be
about evenly divided in their preferences. It was pro
posed either that there be a general celebration of Ad
mission day by the Native Sons at St. Louis, that there
be one celebration in California and one at St. Louis or
that the Native Sons be represented in St. Louis on
Admission day by numerous delegates.
McNoble says he is in favor of the first named
idea — to have a great Admission day demonstration at
St. Louis by the Native Sons. As this proposition is
novel to the general public, although it has been dis
cussed for some time by the Native Sons, much interest
will attach to the reason that Grand President McNoble
gives for his advocacy of it.
In the first place it would be a great advertisement
for California," he says.» It was voted at the last session
of the Grand Parlor that the order take part — how much
at that time not being determined — in the St. Louis Ex
position. It was also admitted that it would be appro
priate to have a California day at St. Louis, and Admis
sion day would seem to be the most appropriate for
making California manifest. A committee was ap
pointed by the Grand Parlor to ascertain material facts.
This committee consists of H. R. McNoble, Lewis E.
Aubury, H. C. Lichtenberger, Charles H. Turner, Charles
E. McLaughlin and James L. Gallagher. It has been
organized into sub-committees and has considered the
situation from various points of view. The committee
has not decided on the adoption of any plan for the Ad
mission day celebration in 1904 yet, but the liveliest in
terest exists among the Native Sons in the outcome of
the deliberations. '
The grand president says that to have the entire State
celebration in St. Louis would furnish an event concern
ing which there would be a vast amount of talk. The
newspapers of the entire United States would discuss
it. The proposition is to have the usual costumes, bears,
bear flags, floats, reproductions of early mining scenes,
etc.; indeed, to outdo any similar home attempt at typical
Califorina pageantry. If the celebration take place in
St. Louis several counties, among them Stanislaus,
Fresno and Merced, have promised to send a carload
of products each to St. Louis for gratuitous distribution
NATIVE SONS AT ST. LOUIS.
Attorney Garret M^Enerney sel
dom takes a case that is not of some
magnitude, except it is to oblige a
friend. He recently had a case in
the Superior Court which, though it
involved only a few dollars, interested
him because it was to right a wrong
done on old man, a friend of his. It
was an action to set aside a judgment
obtained against the old man by a
collector, which judgment robbed the
old man of his savings of a year.
McEnerney is blunt in his dealing
with people who take advantage of
the law to further their own ends
and has no hesitancy in using plain
language. It did not, therefore, sur
prise the court nor those present at
the hearing who knew McEnerney
when the attorney, after calling the
collector to the stand, said:
"Mr. Blank, what was the first
thing you did when you made up
your mind to shake down Mr. Jones?"
The bluntness of the question flus
tered the collector and he remained
flustered during the proceedings that
followed and the judgment he fraud
ulently obtained was set aside.
Flustered Some.
"If you want to scare him off quick
ly, Ju3t take a deep breath and holler
'fire!' for all your lungs are worth."
He enjoyed distinction in the under
world as a man skilled in crime and ac
quainted with the internal economy of
many penal establishments. Highway
robbery he had reduced to a science
and as a footpad he had no equals. His
system played him false at last, how
e\er, and arrest had been followed by
conviction and sentence to a long term
at Folsom. The day before leaving the
county jail the felon was visited by a
newspaperman seeking an interview.
"No. young feller, I aint got nothing
to say," replied the prisoner. "Here's
some good advice, though, if you'll take
it and follow it if you ever get up
against one of my'kind. Its* me to the
woods now, so I aint hurting my busi
ness none. If you ever get held j up,
young feller, never holler for help.
Shout 'help! murder! thieves! police!'
and every window that may be opened
will be closed and fastened; doors will
be barred and bolted; ears that may
hear you will turn deaf and two out
of every three cops will take a wide
circle in search of help before they
answer your distress signal. The foot
pad knows this and all your yelling
went't phase him none.
His Advice.
Murderous cranks, bent on the assassination of any
body in authority, appear to be an uncomfortably estab
lished feature of Washington public life. Wnen a fellow
has to wear a coat of mail and distort himself in a daily
effort to dodge bullets his impression that a public office
is a private snap is likely to be corrected.
"Who are you," I often feel like ask
ing a girl who expresses this wish,
"that you should put the desire to do
for self above the desire to do for so
ciety? Do you imagine that you are
helping society any by turning your
back upon that which upholds and con
serves it to gain for yourself a tem
porary thing not worth having? Do
you fancy that you are 'independent
and self-supporting when you take the
time which belongs to your home to
earn an amount which you could not
decently live upon without the help of
that home? It is not all of life to earn
money, my dear. It is nobler and bet
ter to earn a rounded, useful living in a
sense which makes your life a center of
helpfulness, your personality/ a key
stone in. some strong arcli of the great
social structure."
The restless, uneasy desire to be out
and doing something for herself, which
so often possesses the young girl who
has not yet got her bearings toward
life, is a thing to be held in check". It
must be examined critically before it
is pronounced good." It is not neces
sarily a wholesome or desirable im
pulse, any more than a habit of inor
dinate novel reading is desirable as
showing one to be intellectual or a true
book lover.
To begin with, this idea of Independ
ence is In Ittelf fallacious. It is like the
little boy's description of a certain road
which he was asked about. "It don't
go nowhere, and if it did there ain't
nothing there." The notion that a girl
at work in any of the avenues usually
<jj>en to her and for the average wages
laid is independent is stultifying to the
intellect. The girl who feels that in
such work she is better off and more
erlf- 1 effecting than in her father's
home is stupid, or has not grasped the
fundamental idea of pelf-respect. She
nay be earning enough to satisfy her
wants if these are reduced to the low
«?*t possible torms; she .may feel freer
away from the restraint of home, but
instead of being independent she is in
curring a moral debt to the community
which she can never discharge. Her
so-called independence is, for the most
part, only indulged self-will. She has
turned her back upon a place in which
society needs her to enter one which
curtails her own time and opportunity
and which tends to lessen the opportu
nities and the earnings of others to
gain that which profits not.
Society does not need the girls. By so
ciety I mean the body social, which
makes up communities. It needs them
in the gatherings for social intercourse,
and it needs them in the work of pre
serving the social state. This is the
work of women. They are the con
servators of socipty, as men are its
builders. The home sense becomes
dulled by disuse, yet the home sense,
th* home-making talent 1 in women, is
the very bone and substance of the so
cial state.
She feels dependent upon her
father and mother because they give
her food and shelter. She is a p°or
Eort of daughter who cannot make
a more than adeauate return for that:
But she wants, forsooth, to be "in
dependent-" The idea of what they
consider economic independence is
curiously fascinating to many girls.
The independence bacillus is even
busier among girls than is the the
atrical one. and it inoculates its vic
tims with a far vainer delusion. The
Ftage-J,truck period of a girl's life is
usually brief, but the yearning to go
to work for starvation wages, there
by lo feel independent. is usually
« urable only by large and bitter doses
of experience which leave lasting
traces en character.
Now, this dear girl not only has a
home, but a good one She is needed
in it. moreover — a daughter always is
needed. Her social position is good
in her pniall community; a horse and
buggy at hrr disposal when she needs
it and her music teaching gives her
enough money to clothe herself nice
ly without taking her tod often from
heme. What more does she want?
What does she mean by being inde
pendent — on the salary of a. sales
woman, or a clerk in an office?
I received a letter recently from a
young: girl living in the country. She
writes that sh*> is living at home and
leaching music in her village; but
that Fhe is weary of the monotony
of country life. She wants to come
to the city and become independent.
Fhe says she knows she could not
teach music in town; her attainments
are not sufficient (not a word about
wanting to study in the city). She
afkF if I can advise her. about get
ting a position in an office or a store.
£he is sure she could give satisfaction
as a saleswoman.
rrcnr.eriy Editor 'The Household." New York,
Author or "The Boy and the Baron." "The
Story of the Philippe*"*." "Upland Pas
ture." Etc.)
(Copyright. IfKM, by Joserh B. Bowles >
BT MIES ADELINE KXAPP.
Girl's Independence.
lar, legal part of the programme. Now
for the irregular, illegal part. They
kept in their room at the Hotel Europe
a bag of hard, cold cash in golden
rubles. This cash they doled out in In
stallments, first to this Prince, then to
that Count, for "influence." Each time
they handed out the money they were
told that their proposition had been
found good, and promises were made
that the concession would be speedily
granted. Each time the would-be con
cessionaires believed that they had ac
complished something, and each time
they were disappointed and had to re
fill the money bag. The wearisome d»
lay in the negotiations continued week
after week; technical obstacles, each
more serious than the preceding one,
were brought forward; and so weeks
grew into months, and the Americans
were not one step nearer the goal. De
ciding that bankruptcy would come be
fore any kind of a definite conclusion
could be obtained, they went away with
what cash they had left and an accum
ulated amount of disgust. Their $30,000
was returned with all legal formalities,
but considerably more than that sum
was left in the hands of the Princes
and Counts. Such has been the experi
ence of many other Americans seeking
to do business in Russia, each in sheer
desperation abandoning his enterprise.
— Leslie's Weekly.
Less is heard off cotton, too, though the market is
still unusually active and attracting a good deal of at
tention. The situation in coffee is similar to that in pro
visions. The collapse of the upward movement, which
began with a legitimate basis of low prices during the
closing months of 1903, is due to an inevitable reaction
from a vast and feverish speculation. The liquidation of
this particular speculation was enormous during Febru
ary, so much so that not only have the plungers come to
grief, but the regular dealers have become scared off
the market and are purchasing no more than they actu
ally need, and even then with more or less trepidation.
So much for plunging in the necessaries of daily life.
These, as well as stocks, burn the fingers. But if the
American will insist on speculating and rushing reck
lessly into trading arenas where angels fear to tread,
he must take his medicine' when it is handed out to him
with a leaden spoon, as it always is, later on.
The American money and stock markets continue in
the same condition/as for some weeks past, both being
quiet and featureless. The former is easy, with plenty
of funds at reasonable rates, and the latter is flat. The
public still refuses to romp with the Wall-street tiger,
and as a stock market without the public is like the play
of Hamlet with the character of Hamlet left out, there is
of course no business worth talking about. The war,
too, has its effect, by depressing the foreign bourses,
which unfavorably affect our own stock market through
sympathy, so the stock exchanges all over the world
are at present comparatively quiet places.
Such is the commercial and financial situation through
out the East. As will be seen, it is the reverse of sen
sational. The situation in California remains as for
weeks, with the exception that the recent copious rains
in the northern half of the State and in parts ot the San
Joaquin Valley have placed the country in most excellent
condition for farm work and given us prospects of splen-'
did crops, upon which we are how; basing estimates for
another year of prosperity. Our banks have all the
money necessary, the light stocks of grain, hay, hops,
dried fruits and other products of our soil, on which we
depend so largely for our prosperity, practically, assure
us of good prices for our 1904 crops, and what more do
we want? Our local and export trade are both keeping
up well, real estate transactions are numerous and large,
building operations are active and the great influx of the
new population of homeseekers continues. The last is
the best sign of the times we have. If the railroads con
tinue . their present broad and intelligent policy of at
tracting homeseekers to this coast by means of reduced
rates of transportation, we shall be surprised, when the
next census is taken, to see how the State has grown.
And our increased population will make ' us stronger,
richer, more famous and more important among the
States.
In spite of this falling off in the volume of business,
however, collections are reported good in almost all parts
of the country, and funds are plentiful everywhere. The
failures, while more numerous than in 1903, are as a rule
not large, and none of them have been sufficiently seri
ous to cause apprehension.
The current speculation in staples, alluded to last
week, continues, but is abating and no longer feverish.
In provisions it has begun to wane, as the outside spec
ulators have at last woke up to what everybody except
themselves has seen for a month, that they have been
eagerly buying high-priced goods which the great West
ern packers have been industriously unloading on the
greedy and unreasoning purchasers. The speculators now
find themselves carrying a load of pork and beef prod
ucts over which they can ruminate at their leisure and get
rid of as best they may.
THE chief feature of trade last week was the marked
backwardness of the season. This has been ap
parent for several weeks, but last week it was es
pecially pronounced. Deep snow in many parts of the
country and extremely cold weather almost everywhere
except on the Pacific Slope have respectively retarded
transportation on railroads and country roads and thus
impeded the distribution of goods and deferred the de
mand for spring goods, which should have opened sev
eral weeks ago.
These unfavorable features are reflected by the coun
try's bank clearings, which showed a decrease for the
week of 18.2 per cent, with almost all the very large
cities in the column of losses. The decrease at New
York was 28.8 per cent, and while much of it was prob
ably due to the lack of activity in Wall street, it cannot
be gainsaid that the holding off of the usual spring de
mand for merchandise was the cause of a good deal of
it. Pittsburg, which reflects the condition of the iron and
steel industry, fell x>ff 24.4 per cent; Chicago, the center
of the grain and provision trade, lost 4.5 per cent; Balti
more, probably on account of her recent fire, 25.2 per
cent, and San Francisco 18.3 per cent. New Orleans,
owing to the continued large cotton speculation there,
gained 30.9 per cent. The aggregate clearings made a
little better showing than last week, though they were
still below the two billion mark, being $1,967,687,000.
The failures for the week were 236, against 229 last year.
The above exhibit is unfavorable. It may be almost
wholly due to the inclement weather, and such is the gen
eral opinion expressed in the regular weekly commer
cial reports from all over the country. The opinion is
also general that with the return of good weather the
deferred spring demand will appear and business resume
its suspended activity. Another condition, illustrating
the effect of unfavorable weather upon trade, is found
in the railway earnings, which show a loss of 2.2 per
cent in February as compared with last year. For five
years or so these railway earnings have shown a uniform
gain over the preceding year, but some months ago the
increase began to diminish and now they are showing
an actual loss. ¦ "
Judge Henry A. Melvin of- Oakland,
who returned from New York Tuesday
evening, has recruited his stock of good
Stories. Here Is one he tells:
"My fried Captain Champe S. An
drews, a brilliant young attorney and
one of the most charming gentlemen
I have ever met, took me to the Dis
trict Attorney's office and introduced
me. to District Attorney Jerome. The
latter Invited us to go to luncheon
with him and we had a merry party at
the table, composed of Judge Jerome,
Captain Andrews and Chief Clerk
Henneberry of the District Attorney's
office. Judge Jerome is a past master
In the art of story telling. He told one
on Mr. Purdy of the New York bar and
former Recorder Smythe. Purdy was
defending a man before a jury in Re
ccrder Smythe's court and the case had
reached that stage when It became
proper for defendant's counsel to ad
dress the jury. Rising and placing his
hand on the defendant's head, Mr. Pur
dy said: 'Gentlemen of the jury, my
unfortunate friend is a soldier of the
king!'
!* 'What's that?' roared the Recorder,
who was a stickler for decorum and
frowned upon any attempts to go out
side the record.
"Nothing abashed, Mr. Purdy replied:
•I am glad your honor did not hear, for
it gives me a chance to say again that
my unfortunate client is a soldier of
the king, and I mean, your honor. King
Alcohol!'
"He then proceeded successfully to
convince the jury that long-continued
excesses had made the defendant In
sane."
A Soldier of the King.
A brief experiment will suffice to set
forebodings aside. Get into weather
proofs and take a twelve-mile tramp
through mud or wet snow the next
rainy day, and notice the result on
those problematic swellings. Ten to
one that they have not only subsided,
but vanished, and will not reappear for
many a_ day. True dropsy cannot be
scared off so easily, and its appear
ance is generally an after effect erf
serious heart troubles, or of the liver
derangements that average reckless in
temperance.
The grip ("grippe"), alias influenza,
is fast becoming a synonym of catarrh.
"Caught the grip, poor fellow," remark
the neighbors of an American citizen
who is confined to his bed as a result
of exposure to the vitiated air of auc
tion room or crowded streetcar. The
patient accepts the explanation, to
gether, perhaps, 'with gifts of cough
candy, etc., but. instead of being be
wailed, ought often to be congratu
lated o-n his total lack of acquaintance
with the grip of the actual grippe—
"influenza." influencing a victim's sys
tem for years, and, like caviar, import
ed genuine only from the depths qt
darkest Russia. Its sources of supply
are the crowded and unspeakably
squalid hovels of the East Russian
boors, in the treeless steppes, whtre
animal warmth Is made to supply the
scarcity of fuel, and where a dozen
rustics often crowd into a twelve by
twenty cabin to fuddle with quass, or
dry their reeking furs on a smolder
ing brick stove stuffed with peat. Be
fore the end of winter a dug-out of
that description becomes an arsenal of
lung microbes, and early in the spring
the accumulations explode in the form
of pulmonary epidemic. . Sweeping from
town to town the conflagration gath
ers Btrength, till its sparks travel
whole continents, and after a brief
chilling in the damp of the -ocean fer
ries, blaze forth again on- the west
shores of the Atlantic. •
Kut the misgivings caused by an oc
casional trace of pulmonary hemor
rhage can generally be settled by home
diagnosis and a few pertinent ques
tions: Alcoholic excesses? Overexer
tion? Region of the chest injured by
fall or blow? No night fever? No
hereditary predisposition to lung dis
eases? It isn't consumption then.
Dropsy is not rarely simulated by
swellings that may indicate nothing
worse than a transient irregularity in
the action of the heart. Ill-compound
ed blood, in the form of a watery fluid,
is deposited here .-.nd there about the
region of the main Joints; the feet es
pecially become swollen to- an extent
that obliterates the intervals of the
sinews, and can be felt more or less
perceptibly by the tension of the ex
panded skin. One very frequent pre
disposing cause is physical inactivity,
following protracted periods of active,
outdoor life.
Disregard of the warning, indeed,
may develop tuberculosis in that spe
cially horrid form known as galloping
consumption.
Hemorrhage is a suspicious but not
altogether conclusive symptom. Con-
Fumptives have been known to perish
of a gradual decline without ever hav
ing noticed more than a faint admix
ture of blood in their sputa. On the
other hand, blood-spitting can be
brought en by the irritation of alco
holic excesses.
The health inspector called the next
morning. Should he confess? Not if
he could help it. Much easier to pose
as a victim of neglected sanitation.
Only on the third day his wife discov
ered the enormous deficit of wurst, and
to obviate a sanitary blockade com
municated her suspicions and at once
straightened out the tangle of grew
some conjectures. ..
Chronic catarrhs are still oftener
mistaken for more>erious disorders.
Sleeping night after night in an illy
ventilated microbe den at last over
comes the resisting power of the
stoutest organism. The lungs begin to
fester and nature has to remove the
wasted tissues by the expurgative
process known as cough and expecto
ration. The risk of a final aggravation
always exists, but. even after a year'3
persistence. catarrhs will yield
promptly to the specific of nature— a
liberal supply of pure air— cold pure
air preferred.
Tuberculosis, in all but the last part
of the development, admits of the same
remedy, but recovery is less rapid; the
deep-eaten sores have to heal before
the cough stops altogether. Consump
tion can also be recognized by the fre
quency of night fevers and an abnor
mal increase of temperature above a
100 degrees Fahrenheit every evening in
some cases. But the two most char
acteristic symptoms of consumption
are the hectic flush, glaring on the
cheeks of the patient's otherwise pallid
face, and the steady progress of ema
ciation. The muscles shrink: the con
gested lungs are no longer able to ful
fill their proper functions in the work
of blood manufacture, and the starved
system has to fall Lack upon its re
serve stores.
Fevers, closely resembling some
forms of typhoid, are often induced by
dietetic excesses, and I remember the
case of a glutton who caused an epi
demic scare by concealing his freaks
from a board of health officers. Coming
home too late for supper and finding
that his wife had stepped out for a
chat with a neighbor, he revenged him
self by raiding the pantry and devour
ing about a yard of stale liver sausage,
berides cabbage and pickles. After
midnight he bacame very uncomfort
able and the next morning felt the ap
proach of a fever. Rest and a day's fast
would have allayed the domestic panic,
but the mystified doctor remembered
complaints about contamination of the
wcter supply and ordered the patient
to bed. Closed windows and a red
hot stove completed the mischief, and
before night they h%d him in delirium,
and the neighborhood gossips in a
shriek-and-cackle sensation.
Patients of all classes are now and
then apt to be more candid with them
selves than with their doctor. "The
devil knows what made him bald
headed," says a Spanish proverb; but
even baldheaded deacons might hesi
tate to confide such secrets to their
medical advisers.
We are ofthe opinion that the enlightenment that will
follow these disclosures will weaken the Mormon
hierarchy. It will not destroy the church, but will take
out of its practice the mysteries and secret ways, and
conform it more to human reason and common sense.
heard of it, he went to Nauvoo and "saw" Hyrum Smith
for a democratic revelation. On election day Baker got
one vote in Nauvoo and Hoge got the rest, and was
elected. Baker was "indignant and taxed Joseph Smith
with bad faith. But the prophet declared that under the
rules of the game the last revelation bound every mem
ber of the church except the one to whom the first reve
lation was made, and claimed that he had kept faith by
voting for Baker. Hoge claimed the distinction of being
the only man who was ever elected to Congress by di
rect revelation.
Again the church has a Smith at its head, and he dis
courses interestingly aod under oath about revelation.
He says that a revelation may be followed or not, as
one is inclined. , It is' evident that the revelation busi
ness is a fast and loose affair. The revelation enjoining
plural marriage was obeyed in a spirit of resignation and
alacrity. But the later revelation in 1890, canceling it,
when the divine source of revelation got wind of the
Tucker-Edmunds law, has not been accepted with gen
eral pleasure.
The gentile world will be surprised that the Mormon
President looks upon revelation so lightly. But all must
concede the convenience of the system. If a prophet get
a distasteful revelation, he waits till the ticker grinds out
another more agreeable to him, and then becomes obe
dient.
SPRING TRADE STILL BACKWARD.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1004.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ......... .Address AH Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <J^||i^> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
MONDAY ; , • • • MARCH 7. I9O4
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESGUTHUIE. O. T.. March 6.— It in reported
here that the negroes and whites at Bokoshe.
I. T.. enKaged In another light last night.
The negroes were driven out of town and
about twenty- five ehots were fired. No one
was injured.
Log C«bln! '"The bread with a flavor." Ask
your dealer — wholesale — »00 Dolores st. •
YORK. Pa., March 6. — Flood con
ditions along the York County shore
of the Susquehanna are to-night rather
uncertain. The ice is being held by
Hartman'e Island, near New Holland,
but it is expected to start again at any
minute and, if It does, great damage is
expected. For miles towering gorges
present a magnificent spectacle, and
here and there is devastation and ruin.
Sheely's Island, near Goldsboro, Is
partly submerged to-night, and on it
are Jonn and George Burger, their
mother, their wives and eight children.
The Governor will to-morrow send
State officials to the scene, in an effort
to rescue the families from their peril
ous position.
Ice Is Plied High in Rivor and Great
Damage Is F'earetl.
YORK COUNTY UXEAST.
Kaiser Wilhelm's .telegram habit
has seemingly got him into trouble
acrain. It will be rgmembered that
his wire to Oom Paul resulted in the
mobilization of the British navy. The
other day. just after the sale of the
Argentine cruisers to Japan, he tele
graphed, or had telegraphed, to the
firm of Ansaldo, the builders In Genoa,
the following telegram: "The Argen
tine ships are at present the best type
of armor-i>lated cruisers now existing
in any navy. The perfection of that
model of ship is, to my mind, un
doubted. I congratulate the valiant
Argentine navy on their excellent type
of ship." The cause of sending the
telegram was the Ansaldos' sending
the plans of the ships to the Kaiser,
but when he sent the message they
had started on their way to Japan, and
Russia is asking what he meant by it.
— Exchange.
The Knlscr's Latest Break.
When Hollensteiner held up his hands
the man who was drinking the beer
vaulted over the bar and quickly
emptied the cash drawer. He was
about to tackle the register, when the
man who held the gun turned and fled
and his pal immediately followed his
example.
Ernest Hollensteiner, one of the pro
prietors of the place, was behind the
bar at the time and in the saloon with
him was Arthur Low, a cook. Hollen
steiner was preparing to c1ob« up for
the night, when a man entered and
called for a glass of beer.
' While the stranger was drinking the
liquor, the masked man entered and
pointing a revolver at Hollensteiner,
commanded him to hold up his hands.
The latter seemed to take It as a joke
at first, but his customer promptly
obeyed and Hollensteiner then followed
suit. Low fled to the front of tKe
store.
Three men entered the grocery
and saloon of Meyer & Hollensteiner
at Polk and Geary streets shortly after
midnight yesterday morning and while
one held the member of the firm on
duty at bay, with a big revolver,
another, who had come in as a cus
tomer, vaulted over the bar and took
all the cash in 1 the drawers, amounting
to about $7. The third man stood
guard at the door during the operations
and they all fled up Polk street.
Three 3Ien Hold Up Meyer & Hollen
stelner's Store and Secure $7
From Till.
OXE ROBBER ENTERS IX
GUISE OP A CUSTOMER
LAWTOS, O. T.. March 6.— The flr« which
broke out In the military reservation north of
Fort Sill last night Is still burning. The sol
diers and Indians have been busy all day
fighting the fire.
PRETORIA. March 6.— The Bo*r continent
which it-ill give exhibitions at the St. Louis
Exposition left here to-day for St. Louis.
PEKTH AMWT, N. J March «. — Fire yes
t*r<?ay cauf>e4 a lr** of $100,000 in th*> buildinj?
o*cupi»><J by RfvrioliJs * Hanson's dry goods
r'T*: 3. H. 4 P. HHshSt. irror^rs, and Stwld
(wilrn Brother*, nhoe dealers.
th« executive tM?ar<! for 86. S. The i*su«-s are
ftoo.ooi) of Morrtsrrn-ntre** bride* bonds and
$M>.<Xtf» of Albina Kerry bonds. Thp buyers are
O"hl<-A*ro firms.
PORTLAND. O.. March «.— City bonds, mg
imcattMt m far* valu* >4V>.or»o. b*artn* 4 p^r
cent mtereft. »Tr» *.>Id yesterday afternoon by
WASHINGTON. March 6.— The plans
of the Senate managers coptemplate
keeping supply bills to the front to the
exclusion of other business. Consider
ation of the naval bills will be re
sumed to-morrow and then the army
appropriation bill will be taken up. "It
is expected that by the time the army
bill shall have been disposed of the
bill making appropriation for fortifica
tions or that providing funds for the
District of Columbia will be ready.
An effort will be made to secure con
sideration of the nomination of Brig
adier General Leonard Wood to be a
major general during the week and If
time is found for executive sessions
this matter will be given precedence.
Senator Foraker will have charge of
the contest In favor of confirmation
and Senators Scott and Blackburn of
the opposition. If the appropriation
bill and the Wood case do not consume
the entire time. Senator Lodge's Phil
ippine shipping bill will be further
considered. Senator Beveridge will
make another attempt Thursday next
to pass a number of pending Alaskan
bills.
Confirmation of the Gcmtral May Be
Up This Week.
WOOD CASE OX CALENDAR.
Roports received late to-day are en
c-^uratnng and the indications are that
the water will go no higher. The great
fi^id of \ro at the head of the Chesa
: •' Bay has moved off and thus re
dnred the length of the gorge from ten
to four miles.
Divested of Ice.
PORT DKPOSIT. Md., March 6.— The
5c« gorpe in the Susquehanna River at
this point has resisted the pressure of
the flood for thirty-six hours, but now
«hows signs of weakening. The tracks
of the Port Deposit and Columbia Rail
road, which follow the east bank of the
river, are submerged for a distance of
three miles, and North Main ptreet.
v hich parallels the railroad a few yards
distant, is the b<*d of a roaring stream.
The dwellings which stand between the
tracks and the streets have been va
cated, and are fillpd with water to a
d<>pth of P*»vpral fw»t.
A line of rlprapping which the rail
road company constructed for the pro
tection of its tracks has prevented a
p? neral movement of the ice shoreward,
and so long as the ice is retained
wMhin the river bounds the damage
Is reduced to a minimum.
Susqnrhanna in Maryland Is Being;
OUTLOOK ENCOURAGING.
The Barrows - Lancaster company
were welcomed hack again, after a
long absence. The members presented
a unique little sketch entitled "When
Georgina Was Eighteen." It dealt with
matrimony and lovemaking in Missouri
and made quite a hit. Glllo's automa
ton was interesting. The holdovers,
Briggs and Anderson, Carlln and Otto,
the Lowe-Hughes duo and Nirvana and
her trained horse all came in for ap
plause.
The rain played a joke on part of the
audience at the Orpheum last night.
Carpenters who had been working on
the roof of the showhouse had not fin
ished the repairs when night came.
During the heavy downpour that oc
curred about 9:30 o'clock the rain fell
merrily on the people seated toward
the rear of the theater. All those who
eat in dry territory enjoyed the fun
immensely. The rain made the hit of
the night. One man, who must have
been a comedian in everyday clothes,
raised his umbrella and looked peace
fully at the^ German act of Carlln and
Otto, while his neighbors were forced_
to take a drenching.
The other acts on the card were all
up to the usual Orpheum standard. The
Swedish ladies* quintet was *»voted
by all to be the best thing on the boards
this week. These five ladles are all
fair to look upon, possessed of sweet
voices and are po graceful that they
were called out many times by the ad
miring throng. Ferguson and Mack,
In a knockabout act. did some hurri
cane funmaking work, and were so true
to life that the crowd could not be re
strained, although the stunts were old
ones.
Daniel Sully appeared last night in
the title role of Fitzgerald Murphy's
drama, "The Chief Justice." While
there Is nothing particularly new in the
play, it runs smoothly and avoids fall
ing into the pit of lurid melodrama.
The actors are all heroes and the
actresses all heroines. The nearest
approach to a villain is in the
part of James O'Connell, played by
Herbert LaCosta. He is caught in the
act, however, before he can even begin
to carry out his evil design, and im
mediately reforms and once more be
comes a shining light in society. There
are flashes of wit here and there, ac
companied by more or less horseplay-
Just enough to balance the pathos.
The company is of the average kind
found with road shows — men and wo
men who do their best, but at times
show some weak spots. Of course, Mr.
Scully, who perfectly fits his part. Is an
exception to this, and Helen Whitman,
the fashionable widow, does some
clever work. William F. Kohman also
carried out a minor character role
splendidly, but there was not enough
of him to give the audience a fair op
portunity to Judge of his abilities. "The
Chief Justice" Is on for the week and
will be followed next Sunday night by
"The Old Mill Stream," another play
by the same author.
Martin of South Dakota expects to
request unanimous consent to-morrow
before the appropriation bill Is laid be
fore the House for the consideration of
his resolution directing the department
of Commerce and Labor to investigate
the causes for the differences that ex
ist between the cost of live cattle and
dressed beef, and on which the commit
tee on Interstate and Foreign Com
merce has ordered a favorable report.
WASHINGTON. March 6.— Postal
affairs will occupy the attention of the
House for the better part of this week.
Overstreet, chairman of the Committee
on Postoffices and Post Roads, will call
up the postoffice appropriation bill to
morrow and it is anticipated several
days at least will be consumed in its
disposition. The minority will vigor
ously oppose some features of the bill
and also will urge a general investi
gation of postofflce affairs.
The bill will be laid aside tempor
arily Tuesday, as by special agreement
private claim bills, which gave way
last week to the Indian appropriation
bill, have been made the special order
for that day./ Before taking up the bill
to-morrow the Poetofflce Committee
will report the Hay resolution request
ing certain Information regarding the
use of "influence" by members of th«
House to secure increases in salary,
etc., for postmasters. The committee
will recommend that this resolution be
laid upon the table. Unless unanimous
cor.sent is obtained there will be no dis
cussion on the motion to table, but it
is indicated that an agreement will be
reached whereby a brief time will be
allowed so that some statements may
be made on each side before a vote is
taken.
At Middletown the water is still high
er than in the great flood of 1S89 and
the water supply and the electric light
supply of the borough are still cut off.
The tracks of the Pennsylvania Rail
road between Lochiel and Middletown
are covered with ice and water and
two largw loccrmotives with enow plows
were sent there to-day to try to clear
the tracks, but they failed.
The iron works in South Harzisburg
and the Pennsylvania Steel Works at
Steelton will not resume, operations
until the water goes down. Precautions
have been taken by Mayor McCormick
to warn residents in the low lands in
Harrisburg in time to leave their homes
If there should be another flood from
above.
MARRISBURG, Pa., March 6.— The
Juniata and Susquehanna rivers have
been falling ail day and Weather Ob
server Demain said to-night that they
vill continue to fall for twenty-four
hours. The gorges above and below
Harrisburg are still intact and there
has been no movement in the Susque
harna since the break of yesterday and
in the gorge at High Spire. The con
ditions in the flooded district show an
improvement over yesterday, and un
less there is a sudden rise In the river
it is thought the worst is over.
Electric Light Supply Shut
Off and Pennsylvania Rail
road Tracks Blocked bv Ice
Clever Vaudeville Artists Ap
pear in Pleasing Special
ties and Are Applauded
Martin Will Ask Consent
of House to Take Up the
Question of Beef Prices
"Are you In want of any more capital
for your work?" he was asked at
length. The question loosened his
tongue and he spoke somewhat more
freely of the difficulties of the under
taking.
"I cannot tell jjust yet what we can
do or how much money we shall need.
The fact is, we have had to suspend
work on the wreck for a few days until
the water clears. Three days ago my
divers went down and walked about
the deck of the vessel without difficulty,
but yesterday the water was so muddy
tnat they could see nothing. It was
pitch dark down there, and this made
it so dangerous that we decided to wait
till the black water from the Sacra
mento freshet passes and the blue
water comes back again.
"I sent down three divers yestrday,"
Collins continued, under gentle probing
cs to what he was finding below the
surface of the bay. "They brought up
a heavy piece of iron which one of them
stumbled over on the deck. It was ap
parently a piece of a deck pump, such as
may have been used on the Rio. One of
my men was down forty- five minutes
yesterday. This is about as long as
any one can stay down at that depth.
The deck of the Rio Is about sixty-five
or seventy feet below low tide, so the
pressure on a diver in armor is terrific.
Then the current down there is like a
gale above sea. It is so strong that a
diver can keep his feet only with the
greatest difficulty. The task, as any
one can see, is made much greater by
the darkness. The men are constantly
in danger of being swept off the deck
and over the side of the vessel. This
might result in getting their lines and
air tubes tangled up and making it
impossible for them to reach the sur
face again. Hence without better, fa
cilities it is impossible for us to pro
ceed until the water clears.
SURE IT IS THE RIO.
"Yes, I am sure the sunken vessel
Collins was found later at his home
suffering from a severe cold contracted
in the hard work and frequent wettings
Involved in his wrecking enterprise. He
Is a man of BO years, a native of St.
John, N. B., and a familiar figure on
the San Francisco water front for
many years. After quitting the sea he
was employed for a long period as a
cable splicer for the street railways.
He was greatly surprised to learn that
his connection with the attempt to
salve the Rio had become known. Evi
dently he had tried to keep it a secret,
and beyond admitting the bare fact
that he believed he had discovered the
whereabouts of the lost vessel he was
disinclined to talk when seen last even
ing.
DIFFICULTIES OF WORK.
The supposed position of the Rio's
hull at present is clearly indicated by
four buoys the wreckers have station
ed about 700 yards off the shore. These
can easily b<? seen with a glass either
from the beach or from the bluffs
above. The buoys are anchored with
strong cables and form a quadrilateral
several hundred yards ' in dimension.
They are about 200 yards northwest of
the largest of the two rocks that rise
conspicuously above the water south
west of Fort Point. Some of these
buoys have been In place for a fort
night. During this time divers have
made frequent descents, they say, to
the deck of a vessel, which they now
declare Is without doubt the Rio.
The man that claims the honor of
solving the mystery surrounding the
dead ship's resting place is John Col
lins, an ex-sailor, who now follows the
calling of a rope splicer and lives at
2519 Larkin street. So much was learned
by The Call's representative from the
Presidio guards who patrol the beach
below Fort Point. These guards, as
well as the men connected with the
life-saving station at this spot, have
been h:terej?ted spectators for some
days of the operations of the men on
the launch, who daily came and an
chored at the same place and finally
sent down divers that were seen to
bring up pieces of wreckage. They are
all convinced that the Rio has been lo
cated.
WHERE THE SHIP LIES.
The probability that the wreck of the
Pacific Mail steamship Rla de Janeiro
has been located off Fort Point, as told
exclusively in yesterday's Call, was the
principal topic of conversation along
the city front and among shipping and
marine insurance men throughout the
day. The report was generally ac
cepted as credible and In line with the
best theories as to the whereabcruts of
the Iiulk and its ultimate recovery. It
was pointed out that no other vessel
had sunk In the vicinity of the point
In many years, so that if any wreck
has been discovered at that part of the
harbor it is doubtless that of the Rio.
The Call yesterday located the men
that are at the head of the undertaking
to salve the cargo and if possible the
ship herself. They tell a circumstan
tial story of their work to date and
claim that, although little progress has
yet been made toward raising cargo,
they have found and brought to the
surface pieces of wreckage bearing the
name of the great trans-Pacific steam
er that went on the rocks in the dense
fog of early morning 'on February 22,
1901. Laboring under some uncertainty
as to their rights in the matter, the
wreckers were reluctant yesterday to
speak In detail as to their plans for the
future, and what was learned was in
the way of admission rather than a
willing statement of their purposes.
A visit to Viscato beach yesterday
afternoon discovered several matters
bearing on the supposed finding of the
Rio. None of the wreckage strewn
along the sKore south of Fort Point
showed the name of the missing vessel,
but several pieces of painted wood
were found which residents of the
neighborhood and at the cliff at once
pronounced similar to pieces picked up
along the beach for days after the loss
of the Rio. These are painted red on
one side and are covered with a heavy
white enamel on the other.' At the
time of the disaster such pieces when
found at the seaside were described as
fragments from some of the Rio's boats
that were broken to piece3 in the dis
aster. _
If Collins has really discovered the
Rio, as he firmly believes, he and his
partners are doubtless in a way to
make a handsome stake. The rights
of salvors in such a case were stated
last night to The Call by Charles Page
of Page, McCutchen & Knight, attor
neys. Mr. Page is well known as an
authority upon maritime law, and his
connection with the litigation over the
Rio as counsel for the ship owners
especially qualifies him to speak on
the case in point. He said:
"Whoever finds the Rio will be en
titled to salvage on so much of the
ship and her cargo as he may be able
to recover. The legal title to both ship
and cargo remains in the owners as
before the wreck, except as effected by
insurance. If the insurance companies
paid a total loss on either ship or
cargo then they are holders of the legal
title to the ship, if saved, or the cargo,
if raised. My recollection is that the
ship was not insured at all, while the
cargo was insured and paid for by the
companies as a total loss.
"If I am correct In this then the
salvors would look to the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company for salvage on so
much of the ship as might be recov
ered and to the owners of the cargo, If
anything of value is raised from the
hold. The courts would act as arbiter
on all questions of value and after
awarding the salVors their expenses
would allow them a liberal share of the
value of their recovery."
The possibilities of salvage on the
cargo of silks, rice, tea and opium car
ried by the Rfo on her fatal voyage
are, of course, small after three years
under water. The wreckers, however,
are counting on the recovery of the
bullion which they believe to have been
in the ship when she went down. Im
mediately after the wreck the amount
of this was stated to have been $600,
000. The Pacific Mall officials have
denied that any specie was aboard the
Rio on her last voyage, but a large
part of the public has steadfastly re
fused to accept this denial, and Collins
and his fellow wreckers are working In
hopes of recovering a fortune in coin
which, they are sure, now lies at th™
bottom of the Golden Gate.
POSSIBLE PROFITS.
"The public is welcome to all It can
learn about this thing, but I do not
intend to make our plans" known."
Collins showed some uncertainty as
to his rights in the matter of salving
the Rio or her cargo and said he was
in doubt as to the attitude of the Gov
ernment toward such an enterprise.
He had visited several marine insur
ance offices, he declared, but could
get no information, as to any claims
upon the ship or cargo that might be
made by the companies. His new boat
is in charge of Captain John Ross, a
well-known water front man, who was
formerly in the employ of the White
law Wrecking Company and thus has
some experience in similar work. '
Collins' other partners in the un
dertaking include a diver named
Eloise and other persons of small capi
tal. Collins himself gave as little in
formation about them as possible, say
ing:
"Now, if we are to succeed in our
enterprise we must have the best pos
sible facilities for our work. I worked
for a time with a launch called the
Gazelle, but that was too small, and I
have just got a new and larger boat.
I intend to fit up this craftf with all
the latest appliances for wrecking, in
cluding electric lights for submarine
work and the very beet air pumps and
the like. It is too soon to tell whether
we shall need to pump sand out of
the hold. My work up to the present
time has been confined to making such
exploration of the deck as we could
and to bringing up the few loose
articles found on it. Our facilities
were too limited to permit us to do
more, but we know where the Rio is
and have marked her position. Those
buoys you saw out there are anchored
down on each side of the wreck, not
fastened to the ship's mast9."
'COLLINS' PARTNERS.
"The ship is lying on her side,
wedged between two great rocks.
There is such a heavy list that it is
hard work walking on deck, which is
covered with mud and very slippery.
is the Rio., I made the discovery of
her location myself, after diving
around in different spot off the point.
I have always believed she was lying
off there near those rocks, and now I
have proved it. We have brought up
pieces of timber from the wreck that
bear the name of the ship in plain let
ters.
MIDDLETOWX'S DAMAGE
THE MINORITY IS ACTIVE
0HPHEU3I ATTRACTIONS
Hay Regarding
"Influence" Will Probably
Be Laid on the Table
John Collins, Head of Undertaking, Tells of His
Work and Plans— Position of Vessel Described.
Enterprise Temporarily Blocked by Muddy Water
Does Good Work With Aver
age Company in an Average
Drama at the California
Juniata and Susquehanna
Rivers Continue to Fall
iiii«l Dangers Are Lessened
WILL DISCUSS
POSTAL BILLS
DANIEL SULLY
WINS APPLAUSE
FLOOD WATERS
ARE RECEDING
WRECKERS ARE SURE THEY HAVE
LOCATED THE RIO DE JANEIRO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .MONDAY,* MARCH .•• 7. 1004.
CITY OF MEXICO. March ti.— A number of
cotton SEllls In Mexico have announced their
Intention of temporarily shutting down owing
to the Increased price of cotton. . -
7
You Know All the People and
AH the Scenes in the Book.
XEXT SUNDAY CALL.
Third Installment of
"TO-MORROW'S TANGLE,"
The Intensely Tinman and
ThrllUngly Absorbing
California Xovel by a
California Author.
THE BEST YET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BBHHEBHSBBHBUBHBIEB
JThe... I
¦ . fl
[Scotchman j
I IS GROWING FAST f
B — — —^— B
O B
g He will be in full bloom J
¦ on March 12th. g
o ¦
B fl
B ¦
g Dont' forget §
? to attend the u
I BIG OPENING |
jj MARCH 12th. |
B El
g He is the largest Scotch- |
n man in the world. . §
B B
B B
|l009 MARKET 1
a a
eSBBSaSBSBBBaBBBBSBKBB
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Ha!-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
60c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by ail dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4. p. m.
•
Weak Men aod Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTEnS. THE
Great Mexican Itemedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 223 Market.
NBW APVEBTISEMByTS.
YOUR SAT
May Be a Stylish One, Bat It Makes
Trouble.
A man usually buys a hat that's "In
style," but the modern hat for men has
lots to answer for.
Baldheads tire growing more numerous ;
every day. Hats make excellent breed- !
tn(j places for the parasitic germs which i
sap the life from the roots of the hair. ;
When your hair begins to fall out and ;
your scalp Is full of dandruff It is a sure i
sign that these countless germs are i
busily at work. j
Thpre Is but one way to overcome the '
trouble and kill th#» germs— that way Is !
to apply Newbro's Herplcide to the scalp !
— It will kill the germs and healthy hair j
Is sure to result.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c In !
stamps for sample to The Herplclde Co., I
Detroit, Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /rf /^TT"
Signature of C**V- ¦ jC tX /•C4&&6/Z£
AMUSEMENTS.
Complete To-
Change. Night!
A New and Artistic Innovation.
FIRST TIMK IN BAN FRANCISCO.
The Greatcat of All New York Casino Sue-
THE ROUNDERS
A Musical Production with a Plot.
. WILL BE STAGED MAGNIFICENTL.T.
Everything New and Charminjt Music.
First Appearance To-Nlght of RICHARD F.
CARROI.T. and JOHN' P. KENNEDY.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights, 25c. 60c and
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 25c and
BOc: Children at Matinee*. 10c and 25c.
Racing lS§|^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB,
Racing Each Week Day. Rain or Sblae.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trainx. stopping at the track take
B. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12, 12:30
1:00, 1:30 or 2 ©"clock.- No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladies and . their
escorts.- " '
Returning train* leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and Immediately after the last race. .
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President
PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Good Stomach Keeps Every Part of the
Body in Perfect Condition and Disease
Cannot Break In.
A POSITIVE CURE FOR BAD STOMACHS.
HBP BrW^EZflSBhBfi^^^^^^ 1 '• al % 7f
You Can Also Enjoy Mince Pla if You Tata Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
If your stomach Is all right, you are all right. I and well. They act In a mild, natural mannef
Why are growing boys nearly always healthy? and caiys no disturbance In the digestive or-
Because they have not abused their stomachs rans. Thejr prevent any fermentation of th«
by excessive eating and drinking and weakened food which causes *our stomach.
or destroyed the functions of that orgnn. Be- Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets InstU health mt»
cause they eat what Nature demands of gocd every part of the human tody. They compel
wholesome food and then take plenty of exer. perfect digestion of the food and perfect «*-
d*e and run and romp and help out In the pro- slmllatlon of the food n»trlm<>nt. Every orgaa
cess of digestions and k*«p their stomachs and part of the body is kept In repair and good
strong and well. The same Is true of men health necessarily results. At the same tima
who lead active outdoor lives and engage In the stomach, being relieved cf the work of di.
physical activity. Their digestion is perfect, gestlon. gets well and strong.
the food nutriment Is properly assimilated, the A prominent Detroit physician says: "I pre-
blood Is pure and healthy and you seldom hear scribe Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets for all casea
of them being affected with headache, back- of stomach trouble. I have tried many prescrtp-
ache, kidney trouble, liver trouble, constipation tlons. Including a number of my own. but flad
or any other cf the common Ills that always nothing that gives such universal relief as this
afflict thoee with bad stomach*. remedy. They are natural, harmless and thor-
If there is anything wrong with you, be sure oughly effective in thetr work, and while I have>
your stomach is right. If it Is not right, get it a natural antipathy to patent medicines. I do
right and do It In the right way — that Is the not hesitate to prescribe and recommend Stu-
natural way. art'a Dyspepsia Tablets on all occasions."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a natural rem- The above Is no exception. The best physic
edy for all stomach disorders and weakness, etans are prescribing them all over the land.
They poesees exactly the same properties that They can be had of any d/uggtst for SO cents a
the gastric Juices and other digestive fluids of box. and If your own doctor Is real honest wltb
the stomach possess and they actually do the you. he will tell you frankly that there is noth-
dtgestlve work of the stomach and enable that I Ing on earth so good for dyspepsia as Stuart'a
organ to rest and recuperate and become sound ' Dyspepsia Tablets.
AlHrSEMEUTa
TIV0LIS
SECOND WEEK and Tremendous Success of
Johann Strauss' Masterpiece.
THE
GVRSV
BARON
A Romantic Opera in Three Acts.
FIRST APPEARXNCE IN ENGLISH OF
SIC. DOMENICO RUSSO
The Favorite Tenor.
MATINEE SATCRDAT.
PECXJRE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
NEXT MB. KCKVICX
Usual Popular Prices 25c. SOe and 75c
Box Seats f 1.00
CALIFORNIA
TO-NIGHT. Kg
I DANIEL SULLY
I Presenting his latest and greatest
si success,
I THE CHIEF JUSTICE
H By FITZOERALD MURPHT.
j A oowerful romance of modern society,
M of financial schemes and po-
ll Utical Intrigue.
M A ma»tert>lece in dramatic construe-
A BIG, NEW SHOW!
Barrows- Lancaster <?ompany; Poet-
tlnger's Swedish Ladles' Quintet;
Ferguson and Mark: GHlo's Artesto;
Lowe-Hughes Duo'; Nirvana and
Her Statue Horse "Lokl"; Carlin
and Otto: Al Anderson and Bill
Brfggs, and Orpheum .Motion Pic-
tures.
Regular Matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c, 23c
and 50c."
LYRIC HALL.
HOMER DAVENPORT
Will Oive "Talks"
NEXT THURSDAY NIOHT AND SATUR-
DAY AFTERNOON on
"THE POWER OF A CARTOON"
Seats at Sherman, Clay A Co.'« Wednesday.
60c, 73c and $1.
4— XXtXiUSTBATED LECTTTRES— 4
On "NEW ZEALAND"
By IATE JAWISCH
Mon. Night, Mar. 14; Wed/ Night. Mar 16-
Fri. Mat. and Night. Mar. 18.
COLORED VIEWS AND MOTION PICTURES.
Seat* at Sherman. Clay &. Co.'a Wednesday,
II, 73c and COc., Children Best Seats at Mati-
nee. 5flc.
sf^fg IRI A Ammunition. Hooting and
I II inflfL. Sportin* Oooda. Largest
MsjaB 8 Be! stock. Lowest prices. S»nd
Oil Sifl a ? or catalogue.
U %S I H %JB SHREVE & BARBER CO..
w w " 73U Market st. and 831
Kearny st.
\A/. T. HESS.
Votary X»ublic and Attoraey-at-Z^w. '
I Tenth Floor, Room lolS. Cuius sprecKeia bidg.
Teleonone Mala 083.
Rtsldence. 1803 McAllister st
Residence Telephone Pate F6U.
A24USE2TENT3.
COLUMBIA !WS
Bsaxmmro to-wioht.
Firm Tln-.e In San Franflsco.
John C. Fisher's Stupendous IW.H'1 Production,
THE
SILVER
SLIPPER
By the Author* of "Florodora."
With 8AMUEL COLLINS and 121 Comptar.
The Sensational Cluunpaffna Due*.
THE FAMOCS BEAUTT CHORUS.
Nightly. Including Sunday. P*t. MattneoL
ALCAZAR Iro;
i Ctoneral Masagw.
TO-MTXCmT— Mata. Bat. tat Boa.
The Merry Comedy of th« Tyrol.
AT THE WHITE
HORSE TAVERN
With the Real Rain Stono.
Cvgv.. 23c to 73o. Mats.. Bat. A Sun.. 2Bc t» Mb
NEXT MOXDAT— WAGNERS MtTSlC 1»LAT»
...PARSIFAL...
Beautiful Effects— Orchestra of Twenty
SALE BEGINS THIS MORNING.
Sp'l Prices: Evgs.. 25c to IX: Mats.. 25c to T3e.
No One Seated at "ParMfal" After 8 o. m.
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 833.
TO-NIGHT— Ati. THIS WEEK.
MATINEE3 SATURDAY ANT> SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Ererla.vlaf
Favorite of Old and Tounjr.
RIP VAN WINKLE
XEMSCSDBX, 21ATAX.X. u XXY.
Af fi Th<K Beautiful Catsktlla. th- Storistl
\LL Hudsnn. th« quatnt Dutch Village,
¦ILL. the Wonderful Care, the Mountain
w Elve*. and a Matchless Play.
p»If EC EVENINGS 10t to Me
iftlVCJ MATINEES 10c. 15c. 23a
ST. PATRICK'S WEEK. MARCH 14.
"ggAjras oramnar*
RICBJVND~ELMER,
KELLYMND VIOLETTE
&JTD A OBZAT SaOW.»..
Srcry Afternoon and Evsntar In ta*
X**ts4 Theater.
8EB THE INTERESTIXO BABIES TS TUB
IMrANT INCUBATORS.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MTSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
AMATEUR NIOHT THURSDAY.
Admission, 10c; children. 5c.
When Phoning. A»* tor "The Chutea.'*
Pafari* DONT FAIL TO
laiaWV K, the beautiful
-rV 11 : COTJRT Loaaginj
flfm room. th4 EMPIRE
dim PARLOR, the
m. j PALM ROOM, tha
frfflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU lor, and the LA-
n . I DIES' WRITIKO
\ Hotels 1 *q qm -
WEEKLY CALL, ? 1.00 PEB TSAB.BRITISH DESIGNER OF WARSHIPS WHOSE EX
CELLENT WORK IS UNDER DISCUSSION
BY ENGLISH NAVAL EXPERTS.
The new free library of Santa Rosa
will be opened to the public on March
10. The presidents of the women's clubs
of the city will have the affair in charge
and will elect committees to assist
them.
The Ladles' Improvement Club of
Healdsburg.wlll celebrate March 10 as
Arbor day. Maple trees .will be planted
on the county road, between Healds
burg and Lytton. TKe Woodmen, For
esters and Knights of Pythias will take
part in the tree-planting. Midway be
tween Healdsburg and' Lytton the
ladies* will serve luncheonj'and at that
point exercises appropriate to the oc
casion will take place. -,.
San Jonqiiin County Hopes Enterprise
NEW BOTTLE FACTORY.
Is' About to Be Established.
The Stockton Mail says that a bottle
factory may be built In San Joaquin
Ceunty. The following regarding the
matter is from that paper:
An expert in tlie work of constructing glass
factories has been investigating the facilities
not only here but in the northern part of the
county. He says that from the San Joaquin
River, tho Cateveras and the Mokelumne. sand
excellent for the manufacture of bottles. Casks
and the cheaper grades of glassware can be
obtained In any desired quantity and at nom
inal cost. The facilities are much better than
In San Francisco, where the bottle makers Im
port trend from Monterey.
The glass made from San Joaquin River sand
Is | especially valuable for champagne bottles,
as It ls» strong and resistant. In his opinion it
is equal to that produced at Bordeaux, France,
where peroxide of iron Is mixed with white
glass rand to give It strength and Incidentally
the dark green color to be seen In champagne
bottles.
The Davlsvllle Enterprisa says that
the peach, prune and apricot trees In
Yolo County are the wonder of the
State, and that oranges In the county
ripen and reach market Very early. The
county Is about to perfect one of the
most comprehensive irrigation sys
tems in the country, which will pro
vide for the irrigation of more than
100.000 acres of rich soil. Good prices
for products are assured by the or
ganization of the Farmers' Protective
Association. Yolo County has a fine
climate. Its soil produces a great va
riety of fruits, vegetables and cer»al3
to perfection.
TRINITY COUNTY MOVES.
Development Association Formed In
tent on Making Resources Known.
The Trinity County Development As
sociation has been organized with
James W, Bartlett as president, W. I.
Hupp as' vice president, C. H. Edwards
as secretary, C. W. Bremer as treas
urer and D. J. Hall, Dr. D. B. Fields,
S. Karsky, R. L. Carter and J. H.
Boyce as directors. Twenty-five lead-
Ing men signed the roll at the first
meeting of the association. - It Is in
tended to advertise the county as much
as possiblef The Trinity Journal says:
The association will be general In Its char
acter and will embrace within Its scope every
section of Trinity County and every Industry
carried en. All mines, whether developed or
undeveloped, will be listed and accurate In
formation of, the same can be obtained at
headquarters. Also the agricultural and stock
raising Interests will be fully cared for. Among
ether things It is Intended that a prospective
Investor In any enterprise or business in the
county can obtain full Information regarding
the same at the office of the association with
out cost.
From time to time the association will pub
lish in pamphlet form full statistics concern
ing the county and distribute the same to
points whore they will do the most good, and
Trinity will thus be represented with other
counties of the State with a representation In
the important centers of the country.
The association will handle no properties and
will sain nothing from Us efforts other than
they, -as individuals, will be benefited by the
increased prosperity of the county.
Owing to the fact that the bulk of the re
sources of the county - He outside' of Weaver
ville, 'the benefit of the active and Intelligent
efforts of the association will redound chiefly
to the outlying . districts, and for this reason
there should be a large membership therefrom.
Owing to the regulations of the committee
having charge of the State exhibit at St. Louts
It will be Impossible for the county to parti
cipate therein, as there is not sufficient time to
gather and prepare a suitable exhibit.
IRRIGATION JUBILEE.
Modesto Plans Brave Show to Cele
brate Good Results of Labor.
.The Modesto Herald supplies some
facts relating to the irrigation jubilee
that will take place in Modesto In
April. It says:
It Is planned to have open air concerts and
addresses on the east side of the Courthouse
square.
Six or seven lines of six-foot and eight-foot
flags to each block, every second line draped,
and a line of the Jubilee, colors— orange, red
and purple— running down th« center with the
course of the street, will contribute to the
cala attire of Modesto on the occasion of the
irrigation Jubilee, on Friday and Saturday,
April 22 and ' 23. The committee on decora
tion. £d J. Phetan chairman, has definitely
decided on this. They have night Illumination,
with varl-eolored electric light globes, yet to
be arranged for.
Nine blocks will be included in the scheme
of decoration, from the depot east to the end
of the Courthouse Park, on both' H and I
streets, and half a block south of II street and
half a- block north of I. Special decoration at
the depot, to embrace streamers of flags ami
Jubilee colors running from the big flagpole to
the telegraph poles on the west side of Front
street, are embraced In the scheme of decora
tion, and a spclal feature, yet to be definitely
determined, at th© intersection of I and Tenth
streets, over the fountain. The decoration
and illumination of the Courthouse Park Is
also contemplated, and very likely the county
will make provision for the decoration of the
Courthouse.
"Another important thing for us to
have to attract people here is good
roads. Make our streets attractive by
planting palms and beautiful trees.
Make our country and mountain roads
wide and have them macadamized.
Have all mountain roads on an easy
grade— not steeper than five or six per
cent. Allow all kinds of vehicles to
traverse them. Another attraction
which we might establish here is a con
servatory of music. All these and many
other things accomplished and people
would visit us by thousands and men
of wealth from the cities would come
here. Invest in real estate and spend
hundreds of thousands of dollars In Im
provements. Let us take advantage of
our opportunities."
These remarks are indicative of the
practical purposes of the Board of
Trade. The board Is determined to do
good work and the handsome city of
Los Gatos is certain to thrive. If the
energy displayed In Improving it is
at all commensurate with Its very great
natural advantages.
Body Has Strong Array
of Officers and
Directors.
PUBLIC SPIRITKD OFFICERS
OF THE LOS GATOS BOARD
OF TRADE.
At the third annual meeting of the
Santa Clara Commercial League Presi
dent Menton advocated greater support
on the part of business men. The
league has erected two signs, each ten
by thirty feet, one on the Pierce prop
erty south of the station and the other
on the Menton tract, north, which will
advertise Santa Clara to the passing
tourist or the sojourner for a day. On
these signs is inscribed: "Central coast
counties. Santa Clara— Noted for its
municipal ownership and educational
facilities." The signs 'also give the pop
ulation, the altitude and the mean tehi
perature of Santa Clara. Similar sign*
have been put up along the railroad at
towns comprised in the association
from San Luis Obispo to San Mateo.
The new officers elected for the com
ing year are as follows: President. li.
B. Roll; vice president. F. A. Alder
man; secretary, F. A. Qulnn; treasurer.
Earl Jordan; board of directors) — A. F.
Killam, W. C. Raymond, C. F. Emig,
Manuel Vargas. J. W. Black, R. B. Roli,
Dr. H. O. F. Menton, C. A. Nace. Earl
Jordan. F. A. Alderman, A. Raventoa
and L. W. Starr.
The campaign of the Sacramento
County women for better conditions
in the city and county of Sacramtnto
has begun. The first meeting of the
executive committee of the Women's
Council — by which name the organi
zation formed by the women's clubs
and societies is known — has been
held. Mrs. R. T. Devlin is the presi
dent. The most important move
made at the first meeting wa3 the
adoption of a memorial asking th^
Trustees of the city of Sacramento to
submit to the people a/propoaition to
authorize an issue of bonds in the sum,
of 5100,000 to provide for a new high
school building. The text of the reso
lution that found favor with the wom
en is a follows:
Revived. That the executive committee of
the Women's Council of Sacramento, repre
senting 230O women of the capital city, hereby
memorialize the honorable Board of City Trus
tees to submit to the people, alone and unre
lated to any other proposition, the question of
a bond issue for a new high school, the sum
of the bonds not to exceed $100,000.
At a meeting of the Sacramento
Chamber of Commerce the following
was adopted:
We, the directors of ths Sacramento Cham
ber of Commerce, bearing In mind the many
needs of the city, and after due consideration
o/ the order of lmi>ortance of clear water,
¦ewer system. City. Hall, etc., feel that all. or
perhaps the most Important, if there be. such,
would not carry If all were submitted to *.
vote of the people at once. The very magni
tude, of the. expenditure that would be neces
sary to give ua all these and a. high school la
addition would probably defeat each voter's
pet proposition In Its turn.
We feel that the proposition most apt tr»
carry at a bond election is that for & new
hlsh school. W« know of no serious contro
versy as t© th» manner of providing one. It i*
certainly a pressing necessity and one which
win certainly be attended vary soon. If not
now. If the City Trustees will hasten to sub
mit the proposition we. promise to aid them in
every reasonable way within our power to
carry a bond issue of $200,000 or less.
We recommend to the City Trustees that an
option be obtained upon some such site as that
now occupied by the Orphan Asylum, and
that the site and the amount to b« paid there
for be made a part of the. proposition, so that
the voters may know what la to bs done with
the portion of the bonds Issued to buy the
Important Themes Taken
Up in Wide Range
of Counties.
One of the most active and promising
organizations in Northern California
for the betterment of existing condi
tions is the Los Gatos Board of Trade.
With this article the pictures of its
wide-awake officers are given. H. D.
Curtis is the president; A. B. Smith,
vice preeident; Martin 'A. Lathrop,
secretary, and K. H. Erickson, treas
urer. The work of the Los Gatos
Board of Trade is to promote the wel
'fare of Los Gatos and tha^ surrounding
country as much as possible. In this
the officers, directors and members are
concerned.
The opening of the Interurban
electric road between Los Gatos
and San' Jose has stimulated
the expectations and reasonable
hopes of Los Gatos measurably.
In addition to the board of offi
cers mentioned in the foregoing, the
board has as directors E. L. Ford, Lee
Darneal and J. A. Tudor. Herbert E.
Law of San Francisco has interested
himself in the work of the Board of
Trade. At a recent banquet Mr. Law
spoke earnestly and made recommen
dations that are summed up substan
tially as follows:
Mr. Law's theme was "Opportunities
and Good Roads." He said it was cer
tain that Los Gatos was losing oppor
tunities. He recommended the culti
vation of flowers for perfumes at Los'
Gatos and said that a small tract de
voted to such a purpose would yield
greater returns in Los Gatos than many
a 60-acre fruit ranch. He found that
there were numerous opportunities at
Los Gatos for making various charm
ing walks and drives. The canyon
could be converted into a veritable
fairyland by trails, walks and pictur
esque foot bridges at intervals to cross
and recposs the stream.
"We are likely," he said "to be lulled
into Inactivity by our profusion of ad
vantages,. People will come here if they
have something to come for, if we have
something attractive. When they com-.'
to look at orange groves and palm
lined streets, let us be able to show
them what they have come to see. Show
them clean, attractive back yards along
the line of the railroad as well as beau
tiful front yards. Extend our sewer
system to every part of the town. That
Is one thing that prospective citizens*
will require to induce them to settle
here. \
Los Gatos Trade Board
Takes Advice From
H. E. Law.
BY A. S. WOODS.
The work of the Dunbar Club of the
Glen Ellen district has been praise
worthy. The club has a membership
of more ithan two-thirds of all the
farmers in a large^district that ex
tends ten miles north and south and
eight miles east and west, having the
villages of Glen Ellen and Kenwood
within Its boundaries. Meetings are
held once a month, at which com
mittees make reports and road and
other matters pertaining to the welfare
of the farmers are discussed.
An account of the procedure is of
interest as it may be of application'
in many communities similarly situated
in California. Besides effecting the im
provement of roads this club has se
cured a plat of land, about a quarter
of an acre in extent, in the hfjart of
Glen Ellen as the site of a public li
brary. It has applied to the postal au
thorities for free rural delivery of mails
and, at its' January meeting, put Itself
on record in favor of the Brownlow
bill for granting national aid for road
building.
METHODS OF WORK. '
The method of work Is this: Some one
who will be benefited by a change of
road or the Improvement desired first
makes application for the club's aid.
The applicant sets forth how the work
or change will benefit the public and
offers a resolution to have a committee
appointed to draw up a petition and
to get the signatures of interested par
ties to the same, and, when it Is neces
sary, to take the petition to the county
seat while the Supervisors are in ses
sion and present it.
A special meeting of the Dunbar
Club was held "on March 5 and the date
of a good roads convention to be held
in Glen Ellen was fixed. The gathering
will take place on April 30 for the pur
pose of formulating a recommendation
to the Legislature relative to new road
laws such as the convention may think
to be best for the people. This action
will be taken in accordance with the
recommendations of the Sonoma Coun
ty Grand Jury. The delegates to the
convention will be the Boc-rd of Super
visors and all ex-Superviaors residing
In the county, members of the Grand
Jury, members of the late Grand
Jury, Trustees of the several incorpor
ated cities in Sonoma County, delegates
from each improvement club, delegates
from each grange, all members and
ex-members of the Legislature residing
in Sonoma County and the County Sur
veyor and ex-County Surveyors. The
Importance of the movement to Sonoma
County Is apparent.
TWO YEARS OF' SERVICE.
Since the organization of the Dun
bar Improvement Club, two years ago,
many important improvements have
been made on the roada. The changes
and work now being considered for this
district will be of lasting benefit if suc
cessfully carried out.
The basis of distribution of the $24,
000,000 to be appropriated by the terms
of the Brownlow bill would give Cali
fornia $430,000 in three years from the
national treasury for the public high
ways in this State. The conditibn is
that a like amount fehall be expended
by the people of the State for roads.
The bill is strongly favored by the Dun
bar Improvement Club, j
Good roads are of great importance
to California farmers. The Dunbar
Improvement Club has proved Its good
faith In this regard by Its deeds. As
an instance, there was an old wooden
bridge crossing Calabezas Creek, on
the Santa Rosa and Sonoma
road one mile north of Glen Ellen. A
new wooden bridge was proposed. The
Dunbar Improvement Club was against
such a temporary makeshift. A stone
bridge has been cpnstructed at the
place mentioned, on the site of the old
wooden structure, and not one foot of
lumber was used In Its construction.
The foundations were built In the bed
rock. Great interest will be taken in
the coming convention for good roads
In this county.
Bad roads, like the poor, may always
be with us, for however much aid may
be secured for road-building purposes,
there never can be sufficient money
raised to make all the thoroughfares of
the country good, although most of
them can be made much better than
they are. A physician, when called upon
recently at a meeting of the Woman's
Club of Sonoma to give his views, said
that he did not think the roads of the
present were very bad.
In early days the roads near Sonoma
were so bad during the rainy season
that he took his saddle along with
him in his buggy so that If he
got stalled he could continue on
his way on horseback. He did not tell
his fair auditors what he did when,
after mounting the horse and riding
a short distance farther, the animal
got mired. With such an expenditure
as there is annually on the roads, they
should be better than they were In
early days.
Information is had from a reliable
source of a valuable horse that- was
lost while being ridden over a private
road near Kenwood a few years ago.
Two young men were out on horseback
looking for stray stock. One was riding
a little in advance of the other when
his horse plunged forward into what
appeared to be a pool of water. By the
assistance of his companion the, rider
of the animal was assisted from his
dangerous position on the horse, but
the horse was suffocated.
Dunbar Club Calls
Convention to
Consider.
Sonoma County Road
Improvement Is
Proposed.
BATTLESHIPS PURCHASED FROM CHILE BY GREAT BRITAIN
REMARKABLE FOR SPEED ATTAINED ON LIGHT TONNAGE
Naval Officers and Experts Are Dis
cussing This Achievement of Sir
Edward Reed, the Designer.
Prior to 1S99 the length of guns ranging from 6
inches to 13 inches were from 30. to 4 0 calibers. The
models of 1899, designed by the present chief of the Bu
reau of Ordnance, increased the length of the twelve-inch
and ten-Inch guns from 35 to 40 calibers; the eight-inch
from 40 to 45 calibers, the t>he six, five, four and three
inch guns were lengthened to 50 calibers. The increased
length enabled heavier charges to be used, thus increasing
the velocity of the projectile, its range and penetrative
power. Thus the twelve-inch gun of 35, caliber, with a
charge of 550 pounds of brown powder, having a muzzle
velocity of 2100 foot seconds, was increased to 40 caliber
length and using a 350-pound charge of smokeless powder
attained a muzzle velocitv of 2800 foot seconds. Xow
the charge is to be reduced so as to decrease the velocity
from 2800 to 2700 foot, and that of the older twelve-inch
guns from 2250 to 2100 foot seconds.
It is especially the older guns in which a material
reduction of charges are to be made, the eight-inch guns
having their initial velocities decreased from 2300 foot to
2100 foot seconds, and the six-inch guns from 2400 foot
to 2150 foot seconds. The effect of this diminution of
powder charges will place United States naval ordnance
pretty low in the scale of effectiveness as compared with
French, German and British guns. Thus the Canet twelve
inch gun has a striking force of 53,500 tons; the Krupp
twelve-inch gun develops 59,200 tons and the Elswick
jjun of like caliber has a striking force of 48,800 tons.
The United States twelve-inch gun with reduced charge
will have a striking force of only about 43,000 foot tons.
It is apparent that In the effort to produce the most effect
ive guns the margin of safety has been almost overstepped.
It is a serious condition of affairs that confronts the Navy
Department, the first inquiry of which must be to deter
mine whether faulty gun construction >or dangerous pow
der are responsible for this sweeping reduction of effi
ciency.
STRENGTHENING OF BRITAIN'S XAVY.
The British naval estimates for 1904-5 call for $184,
000,000 in round numbers, and exceed those of ten years
ago by 585,000,000. The personnel for 1894-5 was 83,400
and will now be 131,100. The amount voted for new
construction has increased from $22,600,000 to $58,270,000
during this period of ten years. A like increase has been
made in other navies, notably in that of the United
States. In 1894-5 the total appropriation was only $25,
360,000; now not less than $96,000,000 is likely to be al
lowed, showing an increase of about $71,000,000. The
personnel in our navy has increased from 11,300 to 38,000,
and new construction has been raised from $10,100,000
to nearly $32,000,000.
A river gunboat named the Vaterland has been built
at Elblng for service in the German colony in China. The
boat Is 164 feet 5 Inches in length, 26 feet 3 inches beam
and displaces 200 tons. It Is fitted with twin screw en
gines of 1400 horsepower, which on trial gave a speed of
13.5 knots. The Vaterland has a light armor protection
and carries a battery of one three and a half-pounder,
one one-pounder and throe machine guns, and its com
plement is fifty-three officers and crew.
The latest Spanish naval reconstruction bill provides
for four dl3tlnct departments at the Admiralty — a central
naval staff, a department of naval construction, a naval
supply department and a general department of naviga
tion, fisheries and naval industries. A sum of about
$9,000,000 is to be expended upon dockyards and ships, of
which Ferrol is' to have $2,500,000; Cartegena, $420,000, to
fit it for a torpedo station, and $1,222,000 is for improve
ment at Carraca. This would leave the modest sum of
$4,S5S,000 for new construction and armament.
The firms of GIo Ansaldo Company at Genoa and
Whitworth, Armstrong & Co., at Elswick. have combined
to build warships at Genoa. The new firm's capitaliza
tion Is $6,000,000. The company's statute9*jjrpvide for a
distribution of 5 per cent of the annual profits among the
men employed in the shipyard.
The frequent acridents of late to guns on our naval
vessels have prompted the Bureau of Ordnance to issue an
order reducing the smokeless powder charges for all guns
in the navy. It is virtually a confession by that bureau of
its lack of confidence in the guns and powder manufac
tured under its supervision, and the effect upon the per
sonnel, officers and crews, must be depressing. There is
nothinp more destructive to the efficiency of a fighting
ship than the suspicion that the guns are dangerous to
those who handle them, for with confidence shaken the
pun crews and all hands lose all spirit and may become
thoroughly demoralized. Our navy had a disastrous ex
perience of this kind in the Civil War, when, during the
second attack on Fort Fisher, bursting guns and prema
ture explosions on our ships killed and wounded more
men than the enemy's fire. The gun accidents during
the past three years have fortunately been without loss
of life, but the blowing off of the muzzles of two eight
inch guns/on the Iowa while at target practice m<ght
have been highly disastrous to ship and crew if occurring
during a battle at sea. It has been repoVted that the
beard of inquiry discovered that the forgings for the
burned guns had at one time been condemned, and irn
investigation is going on to ascertain the responsibility
for this act of treason, and whether It was premeditated
or due to a blunder. There may be other guns of that
kind on board ships; defective shells, causing premature
explosions, have been in evidence, but the chief trouble
seems to be with the smokeless powder. Our navy ex
perimented with this powder for many years, but not
until the Spanish-American war was it introduced in the
navy, nearly ten years after it had been used in the prin 1 
clpal European navies. It is conceded by all naval
authorities that this new powder is more destructive to
puns than the brown or common powder, but its use
abroad has not been attended with such serious results
as In our navy.
at an average speed of 1 4.3 knots, thus beating the Kear
rarge"«! average speed by 1.18 knots. The two ships are
¦jioariy of the same rise, the Kearsarge having- a displace
ment, fully loaded, of 12.yO5 tons, and the Gaulois 11,667
tons. The maximum horsepower and trial speed of the
two ships are 11.954 and 16. SIC knots for the Kearsarge
and 14,500 and IS knots for the Gaulois.
REDUCING I»O\VDER CHARGES.
as this record was, it ar>n°ars to have been beaten by
ihe French battl^shijt Gaulofsj which made the trip across
the Atlantic last June, covering 1 a. distance of 2834 miles.
the Kearcarge a:itl was launched before the latter was
begrm. Their dates of completion were February, 1898.
and February, 1S00. respectively.
The battleship Kearsarge made two good runs last
yesr across the Atlantic, establishing, it was believed, h
new world's record. To England the distance run was
3^00 miles, which was made at an average speed of 12.62
knots an hour. Returning from Portsmouth, England, to
Frenchman!? Bay. Maine, the distance of about 2900
miles was made at sen averaqr** rpeed of 13.1;: knots. Good
The French service journal, Arniee et Marine, good
naturedly criticizes the "yellow papers" in the United
States which declare that the American navy is the best
in the world. This practice, it is contended, Is reprehen
sible in that it gives the general public an erroneous
idea of the rt-lative merits of navies." The Armee et
Marine admits that United States war vessels are excel
lent, but it contends that other naval powers have also
good ships and instances the records made by the Kear
sarge and Gaulois. An important point in this connec
tion is this, that the French ship is two years older than
There is one interesting fact in connection with these
two ships not generally known. They were designed by
Sir Edward Reed, formerly chief constructor in the
British navy, and at present with the Whitworth & Arm
strong firm at Elswick. The long and successful career of
Sir Edward Reed as a naval architect has made his name
familiar throughout the world, and ships of his design
have at one time been found in nearly all navies during
:he past forty years. He was born in 1830 and after a
Fix years' apprenticeship as shipwright at Sheerness dock
yard passed through the naval school at Portsmouth and
then left Government service. In 1863 he was offered
rnd accepted the position of chief constructor in the
British navy and held that office until 1870, when he
resigned because the admiralty, contrary to his advice,
had Captain Cole build a ship which Reed contended was
unseaworthy. Two months after his resignation the ship,
'named the Captain, capsized, drowning its designer and
over 400 officers and members of the crew. In addition to
the designing and superintendence of building war ves
sels and steam yachts during succeeding years. Sir Ed
ward Keed has written the best books on theoretical and
practical ship-building, and when Philip Watts left the
Armstrong company in 1902 to become director of naval
construction in the royal navy. Sir Edward Reed took hi3
j.lace as naval architect at Elswick. Xow, at the age of
over three score and ten. he has succeeded in designing
two warships which are admitted to be the best com
promise of all essential Qualities, on a less displacement
by nearly SO per cent and reduced cost than other navy
builders have done.
FRENCH CRITICISM OF OUR NAVY.
The purchase by Great Britain of the two small
battleships from Chile has caused discussion among naval
officers and other naval experts on the Continent regard
ing th© merits and faults of these two remarkable ships
ae compared with other somewhat similar vessels. The
London Engineering in a recent issue devoted no less than
twenty-five pages to this subject, and the critical com
parative data of the world's battleships and armored
cruisers are interesting and valuable because of their ac
curacy and the manner in which they are presented.
Experts are not agreed on what constitutes a typical
battleship. Size, armament, protection, speed and coal
capacity are factors in which compromises must be made,
but taking the Russell type, a battleship of 14,000 tons
and nineteen knots for a comparison, the designer of the
Chilean ships has succeeded in attaining on 11,800 tons
a. speed of over twenty knots with only a slight sacrifice
of protection, and still retaining a battery power equal to
that of the British designs.
BENEFIT MASK BALL
ATTRACTS TjAKGE CROWD
made to keep them secret. They will
doubtless be brought before the Police
Board. It is a misdemeanor for a
member of the police force to leave the
city without the permission of his su
periors.
At a called meeting of the San Fran
cisco Retail Grocers' Association, held
last Friday night, in relation to' the
Pure Food and Industrial Exposition to
be given next May under Its auspices,
a committee of the Amalgamated Re
tail Association was In attendance. It
¦was decided to. hold a special meeting
of the various retail organizations of
the city at the grocers* headquarters,
in the Parrott building, at 2 o'clock thi3
afternoon.
Retail Grocers Will Meet.
Dancing was inaugurated with a
grand march at 9:30 o'clock andcon
tinued till the early hours of the
morning. None but' maskers were al
lowed on the floor. Sixteen valuable
prizes were awarded the maskers ap
pearing in the most elaborate, and
unique makeups. The following com
mittee had the affair In charge: T.
Jensen, C. Breunlng, P. Jorgensen,
Mrs. Hansen, Mrs. T. Jensen and Mrs.
Sillensen.
The annual masquerade ball /under
the auspices of the Danish Brother
hood and SIstehood attracted a large
crowd to the Turk-street Turn Verein
Hall Saturday night. The ball was giv
en for the benefit of the sick fund of the
two societies and a large sum was re
alized from the sale of tickets. -
Pleasant Function Is Given by Danish
Brotherhood ami Sisterhood for
Sick Fund.
The love of a good race, with a lit
tle betting as an appetizer, on the side,
is not to be encouraged among the
members of the San Francisco police
force. Chief Wittman recently discov
ered that the Oakland tracks were be
coming extremely popular with his
men. and Saturday afternoon he spent
all the five captains in the depart
ment—Duke, Anderson, Splllane, Moon
ey and Dunlevy — across the bay to
spot any members of their commands
¦who might have strayed from the
straight and narrow path of duty.
The captains made a pretty thor
ough search through the crowd about
the betting stands. Their expectations
of finding the missing "cops" there
were fulfilled. Eight of Wittman's fin
est were discovered in the act of put
ting their spare cash on long ehots,
cure things anrLJhe like. The names
of the offenders could not be learned
U£t night, everj' effort having been
Wittman's Five Captains All Visit
Oakland Track and Make a
Rich Haul. *
EIGHT POLICEMEN ARE
CAUGHT PXiAYIXG RACES
The Servian Club of this city trill
give an entertainment and dance at
Lyric Hall, 121 Eddy street, next Tues
day evening: in honor of the seventieth
birthday of the noted Servian lyric
poet. Dr. Jo van Jovanovich. An elab
orate programme of musical and liter
ary numbers has been prepared for
the occasion. — >
Servians Will Honor Poet.
It ia claimed that the record for
life saving: 1b held by Joseph Danglols,
a Chicago policeman, only 37 years old,
who has rescued at least 100 persons
from drowning;
MANY KINDRED ORGANIZATIONS STRIVE EAGERLY TO PROVIDE FOR THE STATE'S BETTERMENT
BY PERFORMING THE WORK THAT IS NECESSARY TO MAKE THEIR OWN COMMUNITIES INVITING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', MONDAY, MARCH 7. 1904.
8
NEXT SUNDAY CAIJj. •
A DISTINCTLY UNIQUE AND
FASCINATING PAGE.
THE HAND THAT ' V
ROCKS THE CRADliE.
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.Mr. and Mrs. Jack Harris will give
a reception at their residence. 1S6
Julian avenu". on Sunday. March 13.
from 3 to 5 o'clock.
Miss Augusta May was given a leap
year birthday, party by her parent*
on Monday evening. February 29.
1904. This young lady is 15 years
old and in those sixteen years haa
seen but four birthdays. Those pres
ent were:
The Misses Georsi* Tullech. Bertha r»e!»r»ls.
Augusta May. Elsie Holgemen. Julie Prun.
Irma Hau»rkln. L»n* F»»»r3. Evj Peters, M!l
dred Pray. Beatrice May. Iva Otta. Llxzla
Prtrrtsce. Delia Prontiee. Lena Pelll. Elsie
Flach. T»s^te SlJtwrsrelirn Ri»ni» S!lber»tel»a
and Mr». G. May; Messrs. Earl White. Ralph
¦Whit*. William Cogiey, I.eland Marcus?, faul
Marcu««. f»ui? May. Pers»y Pray. Goudon
Otta. Frank iteGrefon, Evy Pelaney. Carl
Nelson, Jewels f'elli, Lnuis Brun. Harold May
and G. May.
• • •
A most enjoyable evening: was spent
at the residence of Mr. and Mr?. Peter
I'arigalupi. 1615 Jackson street, on
Monday. February 22. at a domino
masquerade party, given to their
daughter Rose by Mi5s Dorothy Con
nolly. The house was beautifully dec
orated with bride roses and greenery
and flags. The evening was spent in
dancing and all guests were presented
with a tiny hatchet. The puests werp;
The Ml».<«e» Ouysie Ourieux. Brssle Gre^r.
Jennie Conian, O'^vtne Plant. Anj»!a ShTtall.
Isabel Arnott. Gretta Waterman. Hirdle Rock*.
Florence de Haven. Ethel Rooh<\ I»orothy i'on
nolly. Mary and Rose Hacijral'ipi. Messrs. Cas
per Bores Percy Jeffries. F. Friedman. G.
Kelber. Harry Brar. J. Farrin. Em*ry La Val
lee. James DctsveU, Milton Rafael and PetT
Bacigalup! Jr.. who came from Vc* Aas«tM »»
pe<~iilly for th»- rx:cas!on and surprised hts fam
ily and the yuc s " very much.
PERSONALS.
Dr. Nathalie Selling of Palo Alto has
gone East. She will visit the princi
pal cities and hospitals and will later
go to Europe to complete her medical
studies.
M. H. Steinberg has gone on a busi
ness trip North. He will be absent sev
eral months.
Miss Louise A. Levy, prior to her
departure for abroad, will receive her
friends at her home. 1333 Laguna
street, on Sunday afternoon, March 13,
Mrs. Clara Foltz, the well known
lawyer, has pore East and will be out
of the city for three weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Marks of Portland,
Or., are visiting their daughter,
Mrs. Sol Goldstein. 2075 Bush street.
They will be at home on Monday.
March 7.
Mrs. Arnold Glaeer and daughter,
who have been visiting here the last
two months, left for Seattle yesterday.
Dr. Arnold Genthe left last Thurs
day for the North. He will not returr
until the 23th inst.
IIOME PARTIES.
Mrs. J. C. B. Hebbard was hostess at
a charming luncheon Saturday, Feb-
CLUB PARTIES.
The Ladies' Commandery Euchre
Club gave another of its pleasing en
tertainments at the home of Mrs. E. O.
Rieser on Friday, February 26. Re
freshments were served In the red bil
liard room. The table decorations were
cardinal red and green. Those present
were:
Mrs. A. W. Peott. Mrs. Thurlow Miller. Mrs.
A. Cotton. Mrs. C. I>. Warren. Mrs. F. W.
Marston. Mrs. George Law Smith. Miss Maud
Smith. Mrs. RusI*, Mrs. Luhm «.*utting\ Mrs.
Arthur Cornwall. Mr*. L. Runyon. Mrs. A. Me-
Fayden. Mrs. I. Marion. Mrs. L. Haskell. Mr*
Edward Head. Mra. John Bennett. Mrs. L.
Blekel. Mrs. U. N. Carson. Mrs. TrowbrMK*.
Mrs. C W. Gould. MUs Flora Ku«tel. Mrs.
Knuston. Mra. G. F. rHiftVy. Mrs. J. J. Col
lins. Mrs. E. P. Schell and Mrs. L. Grothwel.
• The California Women's Whiat
League closed the series on Thursday.
February 25., by holding a reception to
members and friends and awarding the
prizes for* the series; also a special
prize for that day, which was won by
Mrs. H. O. Trowbridge. Mrs. B. E.
Miller won the Monday prize on Feb
ruary 22, Mrs. John Costello the Mon
day prize on February 29. For the
month of March the club will play
compass whist, excepting the second
Thursday. Members may choose th^ir
partners, but will draw for positions.
There will be two prizes awarded each
Thursday during this month. This
programme enables the directors * to
open the last series on the first Thurs
day In April and fittingly close it In
due time to allow the ladies to take
their vacation. The opening compass
whist game was played Thursday af
ternoon. March 3, and the ladies show
ed their appreciation by the splendid
attendance. Mrs. Eugene Grace and
Mrs. Eugene Duffey were awarded the
handsome prizes for the day. Next
Thursday will be the regular day for
instructions in the different new games.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Miss Gertrude- White of Canada, who
has been spending the winter in Los
Angeles, will become the bride of J. J.
Goodlng; the popular officer '• of the
Oregon. The wedding will occur during
the early summer at the bride's Cana
dian home.
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Nordman will hold
a reception at their home, 2S59 Sacra
mento street, Sunday afternoon, March
13, and Wednesday afternoon, March
16. In honor of the engagement of their
daughter, Bessie L., to SIgmund W. Ot
tenheimer:
. • •
Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Llebes announce
the engagement of their daughter. Lin
da Helen, to Dr. E. Delmore Lederman
of New York.
Mrs. D. Lang announces the* engage
ment of her daughter Helen to Milton
H. Ellis.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Gibbons an
nounced the engagement of their daugh
ter, Mattle E. Gibbons, to William J.
Harry at a theater party at the Colum
bia Saturday afternoon. Those present
were:
Mrs. A. W. Turpln. Mrs. r>r. H. Keen"-, Miss
Alice Reynolds. Miss Nettie Stoddard and Miss
Lydla Gibbons.
WEDDINGS.
A very pretty home wedding took
place Wednesday evening, February 24,
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. W. H.
Nieman, in Berkeley, when their
daughter, Emily B., was wedded to
Walter Milton Woodward, son of the
late Charles J. Woodward and nephew
of Robert B. Woodward. The ceremony
was performed under a bower of roses.
The Misses Wallace, the four' little
nieces of the bride, served as flower
girls and led the bridal party through
the charmingly decorated hall to the
drawing-rooms, and were followed by
Miss Lalla Nieman, the bridesmaid, and
Harry Stetson, the best man.
The. ceremony was performed by the
Rev. Oscar H. Gruver and was followed
by a reception and supper, after which
the happy couple left for an extended
honeymoon trip.
One of the prettiest weddings of the
winter was held on Thursday evening,
February 25, at the residence of Mr.
and Mrs. W. W. de Winton. 1141 Dolores
street, when their daughter, Efne May,
became the wife of James "Woods Key
ston Jr.
The ceremony was performed under
a bower of smilax, asparagus ferns and
white carnations, the Rev. W. C. Pond
of Bethany Congregational Church of
ficiating. The little daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Evans of Niles pre
ceded the bridal party as ringbearer,
followed by Miss Jane Garton Keyston,
sister of the groom, and Miss Agnes
Blair; bridesmaids, attired In gowns of
white net over pink silk, and Miss
Ethelwynne Wilkins de Winton, sister
of the bride, as maid of honor, In pink
liberty silk and pink roses. The bride
wore a gown of white silk chiffon,
trimmed with escurlal lace and pearls,
over which fell a soft veil of tulle. She
wore a handsome necklace and pendant
of pearl3, the gift of the groom. A re
ception and supper followed the cere
mony, after which the bride and groom
WOMAN IS ARRESTED
ON POISONING CHARGE
Alleged Perpetrator of a Crime by
Means of the Mails Makes
Denial.
BOONE. Iowa, March 6. — Mrs.
Sherman Dye is under arrest here,
charged with having sent sonr*
poisoned candy to Misa Rena Nelson at
Pierre, S. D. Miss Nelson, who is re
ported to be in a dying condition, was
formerly an operator in the Boone
telephone exchange. When arrested
Mrs. Dye denied any knowledge of the
poisoning of Miss Nelson, but admitted
that she had cause for s^-ievance
against the young woman.
WILL WASTE NO MORE
OP THE FEDERAL MONEY
Agreement That Incapacitated Persons
Shall Not Be Kmploycd and Cab
'Bills Will Be Cut.
- WASHINGTON,, March 6. — The
conference agreement on the legisla
tive, executive and judicial appropria
tion bill makes the total carried in
that measure $23,556,913. The con
ferees agreed on provisions declaring
that no money appropriated in the bill
shall be available to pay any persons
in the public service incapacitated
permanently for performing service
and limiting the use of carriages at
Government expense to those used by
the President, his secretary and the
heads of the executive departments in
the District of Columbia.
KING GEORGE ORDERS
PARDON OF GEXTZSCII
Bank Director Said to Have Been
the Victim of Others' Mis
givings.
L.EIPSIC, March 6. — King George of
Saxony has pardoned Dr. Gentzseh, a
former director of the Leipziger Bank,
and ordered his release.
This pardon meets with general ap
proval because Dr. Gentzseh is regard
ed as having been the victim of Herr
Exner, manager of the bank, whose
extravagant financiering caused the
downfall of the institution. The sym
pathy for Dr. Gentzseh is strengthened
because he abandoned a lucrative law
practice a few years before the fail
ure .to accept a directorship In the
bank, where his duties were mainly of
a legal character.
VON WALDERSEE WILL
BE BURIED WEDNESDAY
German Sovereigns and Notables Send
Condolences to AVldow of Late
Field Marshal.
BERLIN, March 6. — The funeral of
the late Field Marshal Count von
Waldersee will be held at noon on
Wednesday.
Emperor William and Empress Au
gusta Victoria, all the members ot the
house of Hohenzollern and the sover
eigns of all the German states and also
many eminent persona abroad have of
fered condolences to the Countess von
Waldersee.
Archbishop Guldl to Call a Council.
ROME, March 6.— Archbishop Guldi,
the apostolic delegate in the Philippines,
has informed the Vatican that he In
tends to convoke on St. Peter's day.
June 29, an ecclesiastical National Fili
pino Council to establish rules for the
Catholic heirarchy In the archipelago.
Iowa Republicans for Protection.
DES MOINES, Iowa, March 6. — The
Polk County Republican Conven
tion adopted resolutions declaring
"faithful adherence to the time
honored principles of protection," as
opposed to the so-called "Iowa idea."
The convention was made up of dele
gates instructed for Congressman Hull,
who won a victory over Judge Prouty
in the primaries last Monday.
Use Dynamite on Potomac's Ice.
WASHINGTON, March 6.—Dyna
mite was successfully employed to-day
in breaking up the ice jam in the Po
tomac River, several miles from this
city. The work will be continued sev
eral days with a view to having the
narrow channel reasonably clear so as
to avoid a threatened flood at Wash
ington when the thaw in the upper
river and mountain streams 'sets in.
Cotton' Growers Want Railroads.
MUXICH, March 6. — The Chamber
of Commerce has voted to petition the
Reichstag liberally to support railroad
building in Germany's African colonies
in the interest of the entire German
cotton manufacturing industry. The
Chamber asserts that cotton planting
in the colonies without railroads is
useless.
Urging Russians to Exhibit.
MOSCOW, March 6.— St. Louis Ex
position Commissioner Smith is work
ing to induce Russian firms who in
tend to exhibit to petition the Govern
ment to reconsider the withdrawal of
the projected Russian display. In an
interview Smith declared that "Wash
ington was friendly to Russia and that
the American authorities were not re
sponsible for the anti-Russian utter
ances of a limited section of the press.
Bodies of Workmen Recovered.
NEW YORK, March 6. — Three
more bodies were recovered to-day
from the wreck of the Darlington Ho
tel, making the total number of fatali
ties twenty. They are believed to be
bodies of workmen employed on the
structure.'
Heavy Rainfall at. Napa.
NAPA, March 6: — Rain fell here
last night and this morning. This af
ternoon there was a heavy downfall,
amounting almost to a cloudburst. In
dications are for continued showers.
The toal for the season to date is 21.1
inches, as against 15.54 inches for last
season to the corresponding date.
San Francisco Doctor to Wed.
PITTSBURG, Pa., March 6.— The
wedding of Miss Margaret Benton,
daughter of the Rev. and Mrs. Robert
A. Benton of Sewickley, ' Pa., and Dr.
Frank Ross of San Francisco will take
place in May. They will make their
home in Washington. D. C.
PEWAUKEE. '-TV-la.. March 6.— Fire thl«
morning did only $5000 damage. The business
section escaped. ? •.
SEATTLE. Wash.. March 6.— Bid* on o»ts
for the Philippines- arted for by the Govern
ment some time ago were opened - yesterday la
the United States Quartermaster's offlce. The
award will not be made for several days and
it may go to either Seattle. Portland or Saa
Francisco.
GERMANS WANT
CHEAPER RATES
SALT LAKE. Utah. March 6.—Brig
ham H. Roberts, who was expelled from
Congress because of his polygamous
practice a few years ago, declared in a
public address here to-day that he was
delighted by the testimony given by
President Smith before the Senate com
mittee because in this way a larger
audience was reached than could be by
any other means.
"I see the finger of God in taking
these means of putting the truths of
Mormonism before the whole world,"
said Mr. Roberts.
The subject of Mr. Roberts' address
was, "Witness to the Book of Mot-
Expelled Congress
man Roberts Talks
oi Inquiry.
:The social science section of the
:C«lifornia Club will take up the matter
at its next meeting, and help Judge
Murasky and the indefatigable Miss
£iebbins— who is foster mother to the
little sinners— to f} n <j a decent place
for th*ir temporary abode. It is necd-
I*m to remark that the greater part of
Mrs. H. L. Seager, chairman of the
decorating committee, with her corps
of assistants, deserved much praise for
the beautiful decorations.
We of San Francisco need not pat
CSrrelves affectionately upon the back
'Aboirt our wondrous achievements In
the Juvenile Court matter. This Is a
Tltal thing and we as an intelligent
• body of citizens should see to it that
something is done — and done notv—
about a proper place of detention for
the Situ* lawbreakers that the new
law herds into the bands of Judge
' Prank Murasky. The court convenes
"but weekly— on Fridays— when the
•fmall unwashed" are haled before
the bar of justice.
;Offers to hold the little tykes tempo
i^rily have been received from local
/Philanthropic organizations, but noth
•ir.g has been done as yet to relieve a
condition diametrically opposed to the
spirit of the new law.
The Corona Club held an interesting
mef-ting last week, when household
economics was discussed by Mrs. H.
W. Thorp. The rest of the programme
¦was devoted to the fads and foibles of
the different nations, Mrs. N. H. Mar
tin tellirig of American piccadillos, Mrs.
P Duncan of the English, Mrs. William
M<:Manus of the Irish and Mrs. C. H.
Ham talked of the French. February
2? was the annual reception to the of
fkerE of the other clubs, who were re
ceived in a charming manner in the
clubroom*. which were very attractive
mith ferns, hanging baskets and mas-
Five brakes. The reception committee
c< r.fisted of the president. Mrs.- E. G.
Denniston; chairman, Mrs. Neve Hulse
Johnston; vice presidents, Mrs. Robert
Wallace and Mre. N. H. Martin; secre
taries. Mrs. Ella Dalton and Miss Bry
er.t; treasurer. Mrs. Perry: directors,
Mrs. Boynton, Mrs. Falrchild, Mr*.
Ruggles, Mrs. C. A. Brown and Mrs.
Rector.
The following excellent programme
v.as presented:
"Springtide" axid "Sings Alway," Miss
Clara Le«ys; "A Dream" and "The
notary," Delevan Bowley; "Reading,"
'The Euchre Party" and "Trouble In
the Family," Mies Corlett; "Were I the
Rose" and "Oh. That We .Two Were
Maying." Miss Fayden; "The Old
Plaid Shawl." and "Robin Adalrl," Miss
Clera Lewys.
Among the visitors were: Mrs. F. G.
Sanborn. Century; Mrs. Bertha Bro
eius, Contemporary; Mrs. H. C. Bun
ker, Mrs. Nathan Frank, Laurel Hall;
Mrs. Emma Ruthgel. F. S. Brush, F.
W. Ray, G. Henderson, Alameda; Mrs.
N. N". Ryan and Miss M. Ryan of the
Ebell, Los Aneeles; Mrs. W. Gorham
Clionian. Mrs. Marsden Manson, Mrs.
E. J. Flint of Petaluma.
There are among us some club
votr.en who are mnst excellent and con
prier.tious women, who attend to their
«*»mmittee work with fine regularity,
but alas' they have not been endowed
¦with the kind of gray matter that
.makes executive officers. So, ladies, if
you love your clubs and cherish them,
l<-.r,k well into yo-ur politics, and assure
yourself that your candidate can make
an i.t<?llisent impromtu talk if called
upon, that she can pacify the.belliger
er.ts by her tact and diplomacy (in the
uords of the ward politician, is a good
mixer). When you have lorgnetted her
thoroughly and gauged her worth, then
F<» ahead. And here's that the cleverest
woman wins! The chair is no place
for incompetents, however lovable.
Clubwomen, on the threshold of
your election see to it that friendship
—beautiful outside of politic? and busi
neS t S — does not entrap you into being
false to your club. The first end upper
most thoughts should be "Is Mrs. A.
physically, mentally and socially
equipped to assume the presidency of
the club? Has Fhe a pleasing person
ality, a good clear-speaking voice, a
quick perception, a grasp of situation,
a knowledge of human nature and.
above all, control of self?" Herein
lies one of the fundamental elements of
all leaders cf organized bodies. Without
p..F«s<>sf-ing solf-mastery there will be
no club government; without club gov
ernment there would soon be no club.
"The melancholy time has come, the
eaddest <->' the year" — for election is
nigh In all clubdom, and they who
bore, with unctuous pride, the emolu
ments of office must now prepare to
lay them down and obliterate their per
sonalities in the marses of common
place numbers— and that's hard. Some
of the officers, bowerer, are rather
gladly welcoming their terms' ends, for
they have labored faithfully and well,
attended their committees with re
ligious regularity, steered straight the
little bark they captained, and kept the
club In a Irealthy nvA vigorous- con
dition by their strong personality and
tactfulness. Of such are Mrs. Henry
Payot. president of the Forum; Mrs.
G>orge Law Smith of the California.
Mrs. George Haight of the Laurel Hall,
Mrp. George Dennison of the Corona.
Mrs. James McCauiey of the Mills and
Mrs. Dunbar of the SoroMs. These
¦w^m*»n have *t«?adi^d the fhstitutions
over which they preside by their owrx
personality— and therein I'.es the first
requisite for a desirable club president.
At this time of club campaigning
women should, before all other con
eidf-rations, look to the "good" of the
club. The club is not an entity of
itself, with an organism of its own —
it must depend upon its members to
furnish it with proper brain-force to
gruide it aright. N'ow, herein Is where
zr.B.ny good wotn^n make bad club
women. They have a friend, for in
ttance, «h" has expressed a desire to
run for a minor office. The friend—
efsentially because Fhe is a friend, and
r^t bf*-ause of h*r fitness — i? nominated
an<l perchance elected. Playing: a think
ing part in an unexecutive office, how
ever, is not a severe tax. either upon
the officer or upon the members. But
lo! when embolden*^ by her previous
she fares forth later as a can
didate for president; then has "the
d*vil done his worst."
Mrs. Horace Wilson Is dispensing
sunshine in a very' delightful and orig
inal manner to the members of the
Alden Club of {he Internationa] Sun
shine Society, by giving a series of
parliamentary lessons, so essential to
all HneB of club work. The lessons
are given on Tuesday mornings. at the
home of Miss Ayer, 1622 Clay street,
and the members of the club who are
Mrs. Wilson's guests, are Miss Jean
Pedlar, Miss Alice May, Miss Jennie H.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Sempervirens Club was held on March
3. at 1616 Clay street, with a full attend
ance of members of the board. A meet
ing of the council to be composed of the
district vice presidents from the sev
eral counties is to be called for the first
Thursday in April, to discuss important
measures.
Local Sempervirens clubs are to be
formed in several localities where for
estry interests call for such an organ
ization. . ,
Now, clubwomen. hadn'$ you better
get busy and build you a clubhouse?
Berlin women shouldn't distance us in
that manner. 1 ; '*'
"Great enthusiasm prevails among
members, and the home itself is a de
light to the eye. From the large re
ception room, where all formal gather
ings are held — conspicuous in which is
a large statue of the Venus di Milo —
one passes into the dining-room, where
sparkling silver and shining glass hint
at the linen closet's treasure near by.
The kitchen Is also a picture, with its
porcelain jugs, tiles and shining brass,
that is truly worth crossing the Rhine
to spc The club has a well-stocked
library, and In the same room are
racks hung with all prominent German
dailies. Another room there is into
which those with American prejudices
enter timidly— the smoking-room.
"Periodical receptions are given in
which, as in America, the rising aspir
ant for public favors may make her
debut, but at which, too, opportunities
are given to come in touch with the
brightest minds in literature, readings,
etc. The Countess von Beroldingen.
well known for her deeds of charity,
her patriotic love for- her Suablan
home, and indeed, for all goodness,
here gives readings of the Suabian
Folkslieder. At a notable 'evening'
of this character she entered the room
in costume, and during the entire hour
received continuous applause for her
recitation of the dearly loved German
traditions in verse. Afterward all the
women gathered about her and joined
in singing the Suabian Lied (that the
German ships' bands play as the steam
ers here go down the bay outward
bound). 'Muss I den"; then the audi
ence received tiny cakes that the
Countess herself had baked, known by
the pretty name* of 'cinnamon stars.'
After 'butterbrod,' lemonade and the
interchange of good wishes the enter
tainment closed.
"One cannot realize in America the full
import of such a center in Berlin where
womanhood is little in advance (re
garding privileges) of the condition* of
years ago. The courage, too, required
of the leaders of such a movement can
hardly be estimated in America, where
such action would elicit but passing re
mark, perhaps, wherea3 in Germany it
stands for a very genuine self-sacrifice,
sisterly love and devotion."
'"To make way for new buildings it
had to leave its fine house a short
time ago, and is now occupying an
apartment of about eight rooms on
Potsdamer stra.sse, near the busy
bridge of that name. Among its mem
bers are titled leaders in social life,
artists like Carreno. exponents of art,
literature and music, so that it is a
really representative club for women
at the German capital. There are two
other such clubs in that city, one for
teachers, the other the enormous or
ganization of working women whose
inception was due to Frau Cauer.
"The wife of the Kaiser's physician,
Frau von Leyden, president of the
Frauen Club, is charming in personal
ity, dignified, tactful and always taste
fully gowned.
."Invited as her guests, a party of
Americans was chatting at 'one of the
little club tea tables one afternoon this
winter, and in answer to a query Frau
von Leyden said: 'The club was or
panized to bring .together socially
those whom class distinctions usually
separate. Class divisions are so
marked here, it was felt that misun
derstandings by business women as to
members of the leisure class would be
obviated, and, reciprocally, the social
butterfly would better comprehend the
difficulties of the worker should they
now and then come together in friendly
intercourse. Barriers are broken
down, prejudices' laid aside, as In
tasteful surroundings each meets the
other at home.'
What do you think of an Old World
club, to which the club spirit was a
stranger twenty years ago, being
talked of thusly— the Berlin German
Woman's Club.:
Our old Spanish missions ,are receiv
ing- much attention elsewhere - than
within our borders— where we have
taken them up rather reluctantly and
sporadically— for in Seattle the Rainier
Chapter, D. A. R.. held a "Spanish his
tory day" on February 27. when Miss
Jessie Reeves gave an extended talk
upon our California Missions and their
wonderful history. There's an old
story about possession breeding a lack
of appreciation. But the landmarks
section of the federation, Mrs. A. S. C.
Forbes, chairman, sees to it that the
legend doesn't make good in California.
¦ • ¦¦ ¦ ¦
charming folk song from the Norseland.
Rev. Philip Cone Fletcher of Virginia
talked upon an Interesting topic — one
that ne'er grows old— "Love, Courtship
and Marriage." •
Tea was served after the lecture by
the reception committee, Mrs. A. W.
Pattiani chairman. The following la
dies assisted in dispensing the pleasant
club brew— either Russian or Japanese,
according to predilection: Mrs. William
Craigen, Mrs. B.' J. Holt. Mrs. Edwin
Palmer, Mrs. Henry H. Dana, Mrs. L.
A. Redman/ Mrs; Emma Rathgeb and
Mrs. J. R. Sloane.'. The ekib rooms were
dressed with bamboo branches, aspara
gus fern and huckleberry and a profu
sion of pink and white carnations.
The Adelphlan Club of Alameda, Mrs.
A. J. Samuel president, held a delight
ful meeting last week, when It dedi
cated with due ceremony a fine new
piano. Hugo Mansfeldt officiating by
opening it.
Miss Resh Pettersen rendered some
The music section of the California
Club held its monthly meeting on
Thursday last, Madame Emilia Tojetti
presiding. The subject of the day was
"The Development of the Violin and Its
Music." August Hinrichs, accompanied
by Fred Maurer Jr., ably illustrated the
subject by playing the following choice
program me : ¦,'¦.-. ' -J
Aria on the G string, by Bach; "Ronde
des Lutins," by Bazzini; lento from the
D minor concerto, by Richard Strauss
(played for the first time in San Fran
cisco); "Serenade," by Pierne.
The Strauss number, with Its impas
sioned melody, was -well . received, and
Mr. Hinrichs was warmly applauded
for the treat given to the club. The
musician used a fine Amiti violin in his
interpretations, which was attentively
examined by the members who have
been studying up old violins of" Cre
mona.
Fred Maurer Jr 1 . as accompanist re
ceived a generous share of the plaudits.
In fact, both musicians were petted ex
travagantly by the ladies after the per
formance and treated to a real strong
cup of tea. handmade. The day was
unquestionably one of the beat ever
given by the section. .
• . ¦ ? .>, *
The Mills Club, Mrs. McGauley
president, will hold a general recep
tion to-morrow at 1620 California
street, when the following programme
will be presented:
Violin polo (Chopin-Wilhelmj), Mrs.
Edward Norton Ewer; vocal solos,
summertime song-cycle (Ronald), (a)
Daybreak, (b) Morning, (c) Evening,
(d) Night. Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter,
accompanist Miss Pauline Collins;
"A Summer in Brittany," Miss Ethel
Clement (In costume), illustrated
with sketches, photographs, laces and
embroideries.
Members are called for 2:30 p. m.;
guests for 2 o'clock.
Mrs. Jacob Bertz. 1366 Hayes
street; Mrs. William Thomas. Palace
Hotel; Mrs. W. O. Leake, Palace Ho
tel; Mrs. Frank V. Wright, 601 Stock
ton street; Mrs. Guy E. Manning-. 3675
Clay street; Mrs. James L. Gould, 1816
Encinal avenue, Alameda; Mrs. O.* B.
Burns, the Van Nuys;. Mrs. J. J.
Spieker, 2100 Devisadero street; Mrs.
Albert Dernham, 2505 Devisadero
street; Mrs. James Elder. 3402 Clay
street; Mrs. J. J. Theobald, 2010
Pierce street; Mrs. William L. Gerstle,
2340 Washington street; Mrs. William
Hollis. 756 Oak street: Mrs. Herbert
E. Law, 1526 Vallejo street; Mrs. A. H.
Martin, 3434 Clay street; Mrs. Homer
Osborne, 1014 Paru avenue, Alameda;
Miss Maud O'Connor. Hotel Granada;
Miss Adelaide Pollock. 909 Broderick
Etreet: Mr*. Edgar F. Preston. 2336
Broadway, and Mrs. George B. Sperry.
2308 Devisadero street.
• * •
The San Francisco Nursery— a pleas
ant refuge for poor little homeless ones
--will give a whist and euchre party on
April 7, at Native Sons' Hall, to aug
ment a building fund for the nursery.
The hall will be arranged to seat 150C
and from present indications it will be
fully taxed. "Going?" Why. who's
not — to help the babies to a home of
their own — and incidentally to have a
little sport on the side. That is such
a charming manner to administer char
ity. Isn't it?
The following women and Sherman
& Clay have the tickets in charge:
The Association Pioneer j Women of
California held a lively meeting in Gol
den late Hall on Friday. Through the
energy of the president, Mrs. Mclntyre,
and the liberality of the ladies, the
building fund was increased to a very
respectable sum.
Matter? of interest were considered
and acted upon, the most important be
ing an amendment to article III of the
constitution, -which admits as mem
bers to the association, all pioneer wo
men and the female descendants of pio
neer women and pioneer men who were
residents of California prior to and in
cluding the 21st day of December, 1S53.
This association is probably the most
remarkable body of women in the
United States, as nearly all of the
members came to this western wilder
ness prior to '53,-There are among them
a few daughters of puch women, but
they fail to possess the Interest that
clusters around women themselves who
fcught their way. over the plains and
mountains or braved the seas to get to
the Land of Promise.
It Is remarkable that at this day,
after all their privations and hard
ships, they fix 'their pompadours, ad
just their bonnets and sally forth to
their club meetings with the chipper
ness of a debutante. Long may they
live and prosper.
"Th» Burtar. ln<\ia. acd Personal Remlnis
o«i!»s of Kor^ifn Travels." by Mrs. W. A.
Child* *EbeIl Club, Oakland); vocal (lelectloni!
by Met calf; solcift. Mrs. Edgar I*. Dow.
The Forum Club has never been ac
cused of dullness, but its March pro
gramme is more than usually clever.
On Wednesday last Tirey L. Ford;
the clever clubman. and railroad attor
ney, addressed the club upon "The
Lady and the Law," and as a combi
nation of fact, fancy and wit it was in
a c!ass all by itself.
Talks of this kind have a vital value.
They possess enough of imagery and
history to stimulate the imagination;
and at the same time have a practical
bearing upon the lives of women of to
day. .
The following programme will be ren
dered during the rest of the month:
Wednesday, March 9, 2:30 r>- ro. — Lecture,
"The Se\*nth Flcor." by Ernest P. Ftcipsori:'
vocal elections from ancient, modern and
Easllsh cctEpos-re by Miss Ingelborg Recch
Pettersen.
Wednesday, March 16, 2:30 p. m. — Current
topic day: selected programme; leadir, " Mrs.
TJrey L. Ford.
Wednesday, March 23, 2:30 p. m— Lecture.
them are r.ot desirable additions to a
weir ordered fireside — unlucky little
wretches. They chose the parents
badly. -, ~r ; -• .'v.-;:\-:
BY IjAL'RA BRIDE POWERS.
Card games, Including whist, bridge,
500, likewise the perennial poker and
seven-and-a-half, are serving nobly to
pass In a semi-quiet manner the time
of social hibernation. Easter, how
ever, Is : looming up ahead, and the
merry milliner is beginning to demand
of madame's time such moments as 'she
can spare from her entertainments.
Miss Nannette Reiss, daughter of
Mrs. Isaac Reis3. and H. Morgenthan
were united in matrimony last night
beneath a wedding bell of orchids, the
Rev. Dr. Voorsanger officiating. The
bride was attended by her sister. Miss
Lillian Reiss, who was attired In a
handsome gown of white crepe. Th»-.
bride's gown was an exquisite creation,
white chiffon crepe with Duchess lace.
After the ceremony, which was wit
nessed by about seventy guests — rela
tives and Intimate friends— the yoang
couple left for an extended trip to tht
south. .
Miss Abbie Pease and P. E. Hanaen
were united In marriage at the home
of the groom's parents In Santa Rosa,
the Rev. Mr. Rathbone of the Congre
gational Church of Santa Rosa officiat
ing/ After a. brief trip the young cou
ple will reside for a time with the
bride's mother, on Seminary avenue, In
Fruitvale.
Mr. and Mrs- TV. "W. de Wlnton. Mr. and
Mrs. J. \V. .Key»ton. Mr. and Mrs. W. D.
Keyston. Mr. and Mrt. J. Bcashart. Mr. and
Mr*. George Sheller, Mr. and Mrs. F. Ditt
man. Dr. aiid Mrt. L. Inmann. Mr*. E. Tobe>.
Mr. and Mrs. Wallace. Mr. and Mrs. B*an.
Mr. and Mrs. Charle* Evans. Mr. and Mrs.
R. Herrice. Mr. Kitchen. Miss Kitchen. Mrs.
J. Jlorrcw, Mr. and Mm. Frank Ounnison. Mr*.
A. Morri.xon. Mr. and Mrs. McPhun. Mrs. V.
II. Morris. Dr. and Mrs. TV. C. Por.d. Miss
Ethe!v.-ynn» TV1!kim> dc Wlr.ton. Miss Jan* U.
Keyston. Mis» Apnes Blair. Miss Elenore
Evans. Miss Elsl* P. Dlllman. Mt«s Etheldreda
Sandison. Mts« Constance I. Sandlscn. • Mlsa
Grace F. Thomson. Miss Gertrude E. Belton.
Miss Sari la I. Smith. Mls» Edith Morrow. Mlsj
Antoinette \ Kfyston. Mlm» I-lllian I. Mora."..
Miss Emma Afrar. Mies Far.r.i-* Ajcar. MLss E.
Tobey. Mlsc Bertie Tobey. P. A. Keystor.
Garton Keycton. Elmer 3o*?hart. A. W. Oun
nison. H. C. Mf»rr1», A. Smith, J. Morrison.
TV. Howell. James C. Blair. David Blair.
Geors* Keyston, Fred Keyston and Harris
Bosshart.
left, amid a shower of rice and con
fetti, for a trip south. The guests were:
REJOICES
IN MORMON
TESTIMONY
Easter Looms Up Ahead and Merry Milliner Is Busy Preparing
Madame for Her Exit Into the Light of the World.
Some of Those in Office Will Quit Duties With Regret and
Others Are Glad to Relinquish Burdens of Leadership.
ELECTION TIME IN THE WOMEN'S CLUBS IS NEAR AND MATTERS POLITICAL ABSORB MEMBERS
GAMES WITH EVER ENTERTAINING CARDS SERVE NOBLY TO PASS TIME OF SOCIAL HIBERNATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', MONDAY, MARCH 7. 1904.
King Edward's Condition Improved.
LONDON. March 6. — King Edward,
who Is suffering from a cold, I? much
better to-day and will preside at a
sitting of the Privy Council to-mor
row.
McFarland, Miss Abbie Edwards, Miss
Elizabeth Edwards. Miss Cecile Rog
ers. Miss Meta Stofen, Miss Elsie
Young, Miss Lavinla Giesting. Miss
Mabel Freeman, Miss Nettle Sexton,
Miss Genevieve Peel. Mrs. W. H. Jar
dine, Mrs. Heinrich Homberger and
Miss Ayer.
The Alden Club members are hard
at work. raising money for the pur
chase of an artificial limb for a worthy
woman.
In conclusion, the Minister of Finance
asked Herr Macco to put through a
law raising passenger rates, saying:
"If you will. do this, I will devote the
surplus derived therefrom to the re
duction o' freight tariffs."
A comparison of railroad tariffs was
hardly possible, insomuch as many
American railroads own their own coal
mines and other industrial enterprises.
Where American railroads are without
competition, their tariffs are much
higher than In Prussia; and. moreover,
rates In the United States show a ten
dency to rise steadily. It must be taken
into consideration, the Minister of Fi
nance continued, that the United States
has much greater distance to cover and
larger quantities of freight to transport
than has Prussia. American railroads
cost $60,000 a mile to build, while, owing
to the greater cost of land in Prussia,
a mile of road costs $98,000.
How were the present cheap tariffs
in the United States reached? asked the
Finance Minister. Through tariff wars,
he answered, the recklessness of which
Prussia has no conception of. It is bet
ter to have steady tariffs than to be
exposed to the whims of railroad man
agers. Fifty-four per cent of the Ameri
can railroads do not pay a penny in
dividends, and the average dividend of
all the roads Is less than 2 per cent.
Herr von Rheinbaben admitted that
American tariffs were cheaper, but' he
pointed out that the passenger rates
In the United States were double those
in Prussia.
"Nevertheless," he said, "if I could
choose, I would take the American
principle of cheap freights and more
expensive passenger rates." .1>:1
"Give us. cheap transportation, Mr.
Finance Minister," said Herr Macco,
"and we will guarantee cheap pro
duction."
In 'reply, Herr von Rheinbaben al
luded to a remark made by Herr Macco,
and said he also was desirous of main
taining good relations with "that rising
country." He saw one great drawback
in American economic life, he continued
—namely, the operations of labor
unions, which, he said, exercised a
terrorism of the most dangerous char
acter. Their power must be checked
betimes.
Herr Macco is a Rhenish manufac
turer who, in 1S93, visited the United
States to study matters pertaining to
transportation and industry. He said
that the United States was ahead of
Germany in many ways and, no matter
what might be thought of American
tariffs, it was a fact that transporta
tion in the United States was cheaper
than in Prussia. -•» .
BERLIN. March 6.— In the course of
a discussion In the Prussian Diet,
which followed the introduction of a
resolution asking for a reduction in
railroad tariffs, the comparative cheap
ness of transports in Germany and the
United States was debated by Herr
Macco and Minister of Finance von
Rheinbaben.
Transportation Is Subject
of Interesting Discussion
in the Prussian Diet
ruary 27. The table decorations wer»
red carnations, tulips and ferns, most
tastefully arranged. Covers were laid
for fourteen. Toasts were drunk
amid much merriment caused by ins
wit and humor on the came cartl3,
which were very original In design.
Those present were:
Mrs A. J. Raiswh. Mrs. A. T. Van Dtizer.
Mr». H. Payot. Mrs. t'?-arle«» GoMall. Mr*.
Byrrn Mau«y, Mrs. J. H.-mer Frltch. Mrs. II.
H. Ycunr. Mrt. J. M. Lttchnekl. Mrs. John. I-
Sabin. Mr*. Frank nwdMlelM. Uin M- Al»te
Scfcroth and Miss Florence G. Schrolh.
A delightful whist evening: was
spent at the residence of Mrs. M.
Ja Zinskl Thursday In honor of J.
Leslie Efchwald. A cut glass vase
was awarded the first prize winner.
Miss Vyvian Sherwood of Los Angeles.
At 11 p. m. supper was served.
9
POSTTJM CETfFAT,.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦B
[ Let the 5
¦ Children >
3 HAVE ALL THE 3
f POSTUM I
B ¦
a They want and 3
25 watch them grow 26
SEATTLE'S PRIZE BABY.
Do You Know Her? "
vFULL PAGE. I
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
She Is a Perfect Beauty.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL* MONDAY. MARCH 7, 1904.
10
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
LADY "wlshea plain sewing, binding or re-
Itnlng ladles* and- gentlemen's clothes: mend-
Ing done on short notice. Room 23. 232
Van Ness ave.. phone Folsom 805.
A* COMPETENT girl wishes to do general
housework In Oakland. Call St. Lawrence
Hotel. Seventh and Franklin sta.. Oakland.
WANTED— By refined, experienced nurse, en-
gagement: best references. Address Nurse,
box 1066. Call ofHce. Oakland.
A YOUNG girl wishes position aa cook tn nice
family. Call In morning at 51 Hermann
St.. near Valencia.
WOMAN desires plain, sewing: reasonable. SCO
Mission at. |
EXPERIENCED dressmaker desires work by
the day In families. 5C3 Fell st.
A STRONG young woman wants house and
window cleaning: $1 50 day. 151SA Howard.
YOUNG lndy wants place aa nurse girl. (Ad-
dress 1C67. Call offlca. Oakland.
A BRIGHT young lady would like position In
a stor* or otHca. Apply 3*28 Twenty-third st.
LAUNDRESS wants work two first daya of
ths week. 74S Folsom. phone Red 577.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan * Church sts.
WANT ad.i and subscriptions taken for Th*
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAIH-t«r st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
CHEF— French. 7 years In Itadtng hottl of
New York, wlshea situation, city or. coun-
try- ANDRE'S. 317 Stockton at., phona
Main 1304. _____
DRESSMAKER would like man engagements
. by the day or will take work home; guaran-
tee good fitting. 403 McAllister at.; tel.
Folsom S4SS.
POSITION wanted: sho« salesman: thoroughly
experienced; good references. Address box
4S36. Call offlc*.
YOUNG man with experience would Ilk* posi-
tion riding or>worklng In stable; city or coun-
try. Box 4537, Call office.
RELIABLE and trustworthy young man wish- |
es situation In wholesale house aa packer;
lives with parents. Address D. G.. 354 Fell.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wlshe* steady
position. Box 4533. Call offlc*.
RELIABLE and experienced young man wants
position aa collector for large and well-
established buslne-» nous*; straight taiary
preferred: best of reference* furnished. Ad-
dres- 214S Market at.. Oakland. Cal.
A SITUATION wanted by sober, middle-aged
mart (Dane); only S months In this country;
Is willing to do any kind of work: Is Ball-
maker by trade. Box 2271. Call office.
CAPABLE and trustworthy young man. stenog-
rapher, over 3 years' experience, desires to
secure better position : city or country: ref-.
erences. Box 2481. Call. '
FIRST-CLASS coachman who understands
care of horses and Is an Al driver wants
position; reference*. Address box 1062, Call
office. Oakland.
GENERAL man about place; understands
horses, carriages, milk, garden, etc.; trustful
and reliable; good reference and security.
Box 2310. Call.
SINGLE middle-aged America* of experience
wants situation as cook and general utility
man on small suburban place; best refer-
ences. Address box 2478. Call office.
RELIABLE, steady young man wishes situa-
tion for half days: no janitor work: refer-
ence. Address H. E. H., 1S22 Railroad ave.,
Alameda.
WANTED — A position by a first-class tool-
maker and machinist; good at repairing and
all kinds of pipe work; city or country. Box
244C. Cali office. , , '
POSITION by a male nurse to take care of
Invalid gentleman, or give massage. Box
2466. Call office. . .
A FIRST-CLASS French and Italian cook
wishes position In private family or small
hotel; country preferred. Box 2341, Call. ,
WANTED — A position as canvasser, advertiser
alone the Ideal or the practical. Address
JOHN ylORAN. 614 Howard at.
GOOD pianist and accompanist that can read
at sight would like a position for evenings
either here or outside. Box 2468, Call.
A YOUNG married man wishes some kind of
employment In afternoon. Address C. HESS.
2»81 Twenty-sixth st.
BAKER "wishes position as second hand on
cakes at once; In or out of city. Address
box 2253, Call. ;
A YOUNG man would like a position as a col-
lector; can give best of references and cash
bonds. Address box 2256, Call office.
ENGINEER — Steam and. gas engines, factory
or power station; also marine. Box '2452.
Call office. • % .-
THE great modern cutter and fitter wishes a
position as a tailor; 14 years' experience; In
country or city. 430 Natoma St., city.
ELDERLY, reliable man wishes easy occupa-
tion of any kind, city or country: small
wages; good home. Box 2444. Call office.
ENGINEER destres position, either steam, gas-
oline. electric or refrigerating; references
given. Address box 2410, Call office.
A TRUSTWORTHY man, 38, wants position as
night. watchman: can furnish references. Ad-
dress J. B.. 756 Folsom at. .
A FIRST-CLASS millwright wants steady po-
sltlon. Address' box 2449. Call office.
BRICKLAYER wants work; city or country;
competent man. Box 2447. Call.
SOLITARY old gentleman wants easy Job and
good home. Box 4502, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS ledger man desires position; best
of references. Box 2420, Call office.
CHIROPODIST — First-class; wants posttlon
state salary. Address Doctor. 1S2S Powell st.
A ¦ LAUNDRYMAN (Japanese) wants a post-
tlon In family; very handy. Box 2441, Call.
A JAPANESE boy would like a position as
schoolboy; understands cooking; good Eng-
lish; best reference. H. O.. 1543 Larkln st.
JAPANESE gentle boy wants a position wait-
ing and housework; good family. T. T., 849
Bush st.
JAPANESE, honest boy. wants situation as
waiter on tabla or do school boy's work In
good family. J. HAMA. phone Polk 37S3.
FINANCIAL,
4H PER CENT
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and 8
per. cent on term accounts by th* Phoenix
Savings B. and L. Association. 516 California
st. A. A. Watklns. president; Charles R.
Bishop, vice president; S. Prentlss Smith,
treasurer ; Clarence Grange, secretary and
'managing director: Gavin McNab. attorney;
George C. Boardroan and Charles E. Ladd.
directors; Wajter K. Smith, cashier.
Subscribed capital. $S,0OO.0OO: paid In capl-
tal. $1.000.000: reserve fund. $200.000.
~ FEATHER RENOVATING.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Nets ave.: tel. Howard 8167.
¦ FLATS TO LET.
A— H0USE8 and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage; of
this department; It will sav* you time and
trouble. Gordea Furniture Co.. 245-258 Geary
St.. on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting department: let us glvs
you a list and help you find one In tha loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1033 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free. •
FELL. 651, between . Buchanan and Webster —
New sunny flat, never occupied; S rooms and
bath; every modern Improvement.
ABOUT completed: 3 modern flats. 5. 5 and 6
rooms, yard: rent reasonable. Corner
Twenty-fifth and Capp sts. '
EUREKA, 304. cor. 20th— Elegant modern fiat
5 rooms; $22 00; call to-day.
ELEGANT, sunny corner." flat; 6 rooms and
bath. 4602 Eighteenth St.. west of Castro.
FLAT — 3 sunny rooms; pantry- 31« Langton
st. : ' rent. ; $8.
LARGEST list of houses and flats. Call on
LYON ft HOAO. 118 Montgomery st.
NEW flat: seven rooms and bath: marine
view. 1539 Pacific ave.. near Polk at.
PARLOR' floor; 4 unfurn. rooms; small fam-
ily; adults; $20; gas, bath. 212S Howard st.
POLK. 2504. . cor. Filbert— Fine sunny flat;
seven large rooms: marine view; rent. $33.
STEINER. 552-534 — Two beautiful, sunny flats,
8 rooms; rent reasonable.
VAN NESS and Union — 7 sunny rooms; all
modern; marine view. '
$20— MODERN flat. 5 rooms and bath; no
children." ' 520 ' Lyon. bet. ' Fulton and Grov*.
7H___?____i |
JOHN D. SPBECKIII.S, Proprietor.
i_gg cnainMteii o joa McunGHT.-HflW
V. J. UABTPC Business M.ir.agor
TELEPHONE.
Aek for TllV. TALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With Uic Department You Wish.
Tublicaticn Office M.irkM and Third. R. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Btcvcnsdii st.
Delivered by <"ai ri. rs. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
(¦'.«. Per Month Single Oopl"? 5 Cents-
Terms by Mail. Including Postage With
<*d<r>:
DAILY CALL (inolud. Sunday); 1 year. . .$>.<*)
DAILY CALL (fndufl Sunday). 0 mot- 4.00
HAILV «\ALL— Or Pinsrle Mjnth «3e
BUVDAY CALL 1 Year 2..-0
WEEKLY CALL 1 Y*ar 100
•„_„.. f Dally.. .$S.W> Per Year ICxtra
FOB— (G£ J s U ndsy. 4.15 P«r Year Extra j
POSTAGE. l Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMAPTHRP ARE AUTHORIZED '
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. I
£amr>le Copies will be lcrwarded when re- |
quested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of ad- ]
dress ehould be particular to gi\«? both NEW .
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
prompt and correct ccmrllanee with their re- I
Quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
Ills Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2HS Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
CcdOB Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-'ave- 1
cue Hotel and Hcffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. Ne»« Co.: Great i
Nr.rthern Hotel: Tr^mont Hou?e; Auditorium '
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROONE5S. .Marquette Building i
(Long Distance TeUphone/Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPBBSEXTATTVE.
ETEPHEN B. SMITH 3ft Tribune Building i
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square '
BCSHCCS9 OFFICE of the Pan Francisco !
«'3'.!. corner Market and Third s.;r?ets; open I
uati! 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
jnrrs Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
*27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
ur.t'l 0:30 p m.
3'*» Haves street; open until !»:30 p. mT
<•,:» UcAIlister street; open ur.til 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
jril Mission street; cpen until 1<> p. m.
£2»>1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open |
until 9 p. m.
!<•<; EScwBtk street; oren ur.til 0 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; np»n until i> p. m.
Northeast uuiuei Church and Duncan streets; ;
.jj*:i Batli ft I>- « n -
Kottbwctt corner ef Twenty -vcond and Ken-
tucky street*: open until 9 p. m.
2CC0 l-"jl!:r.t>re street; cpen untli 0 p. m.
MLtTl.XG :»OTIC1SS.
ASYLUM of iiGlden Gat» Commanders- _•?_
No. 18, K. T.. *25 Putter Ft. — Stated TJI^
a^-mLly THIS BVEX1KG at 8 gj
o'clock; Order cf Temnle; all f raters «F
are coBTteocsly Invited. By order of
the O rr.rnander.
THEO FROLICH. Recorder.
SAX ntAKCISOO Chapter No. 1. Royal «"
Arch Mafor.F, meets THIS EVENING. i
Business. D'-srees 5 and 6. /^r\ i
H. O. PRINCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lrite No. 12. F. and A. n>
M.— THIS "MONDAYi EVENING, at >/V* '
7:30 o'clock, stated meetirc and third /V^\ ;
d^gic-. i
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
HERMANN hoiee No. 127. F. and A. B
M— Stat'd meetlr.r THIS DAY YY '
(MONDAY). March 7. 1W. at 7:'.o/V\ '
nclock p. m. By t.rder of the W. M.
L SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lo<5jre No. 1««. F. and A. m '
M — Offker* and members are respect- '
fully renjues-.^d to assemble £t the I
;emr!f TUESDAY MORNING. March :
8. at »:15 oclock. then tn fl. r ,2 Oak et.. to at- I
lead the funeral of our late brother PETER !
V/ALKER WATSON. By order of the •
V' M. H. J. OWEN. Secretary .
KING SOLOMON'S Lode* No. 2W> F B
an<J A. M . liiK> FiUmore s*.. — Stated VV j
meefr.E ar.d third dejrree THIS /^^\
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. March fl! ~~f j
|90£ — To tb« officer* and members lit
•f the Risters' and Stevedores' l£*i
• ¦ - ;. !•¦ 222. 1 l m ft t. a. .fy**
— Viu are h<r»r.y notified to attend VfcL?g!
the r^njiar meeting of this unlcn. -JjEJv
to h» bt\i TO-NIGHT < MONDAY). *~
March 7. at Our Hall. C03 Front et.: bus!- i
nefs of rreat Importance to come before the
rr.«--»t:r.K. Ey order of
H J JACKSON. 2nd Vice President.
HARKY JEND. R^g. and C«r. S?c.
THE regular monthly _^— ar— «*_ |
meeting of -he Society Jf|f^3£v < C?'^°5>lV
A full attt-niance is "JI"* 1 *""¦ "*** •* !
r^upgted. JOHN I. SPEAR. Secretary.
ANNUAL m«»etirg — Th- rr-gular an- w m
nual n-fetln* of the stockholders in H4. JSr
the A. O. F. Hall Association of «~f
fan Francisco trill h» held in Occl- ZEA
dental Hall. A. O. F. bulldine. 102 <ci>
0 l-airei; ct . San Francisco. Cal.. on SAT-
I'P.I-AY. th» 12th day of March. 1!>O4. at
":.-.¦•> p. m. D. K. BESECKER. President.
J FALCONER. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Sierra Ral!tvp.y Company of California
¦witl be held at the offices of the company.
No. 229 Crocker building. City and County
ct S,an Fran<-lsfo. State of California, on
MONDAY, the Sth day of February, 1904. at
the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
cf "iK-tlng directors for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such ether business as
tray crime before eald meeting. Dated at
Ssr. Francisco. Cal.. January 23, 1904. S.
D. FRESHMAN. Secretary.
Thf- *bove meetlns adjourned until April
11th. l»0*. at 11 oclock a. m.
Fffr. S. 1604. 6. P. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
AGENTS WAJPTED.
AGF.NTP— Paying proposition: ladies or gen-
tlf-rr*n: good commission. 227 Starr-King
bul!.;irg. ,- ;¦—-¦¦ ¦ .
AST; E2.~ CSEMEIT T WEITIBQ.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
«: property thr»e ?40 scholarships in the best
tc.Ut^'- of Advertising in the United States.
1 Tiiil eell them at 25 per cent discount for
<tsh: the college teaches advertisement wrlt-
Sr.K hjr correspondence and assists Ha grad-
v.ii*t to recure position*: ratalcguea fur-
nifhed on application. A<1dre«i« box 3026. Call.
*T-IORXBV?-AT-LA\V.
A PF.IVATE. quirk divorce for a email fee.
Fe»- me and save money; no pay In advance
G. IV. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Ejtar>!!shed 22 yrs.: rms. I. 2. 3. 4 A 5. let fl.
11-2 Market St., between Ma*on and Taylor.
A«1vice free all matter*. • Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-nt-Law. Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor, entrance room Cll; established 20
yars: ;. 1 cacet>, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
eveningE by appointment. Tel. Red 30G1.
L. 8. CLARK. 'J27 Market st.; consultation
fre* 1 ; no fees In advance; open evenings.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12: quick, quiet; advice
fref; open evenings. 027 Market St., rm. 301.
ntlSIKESS <;H A>CCS.
PACTFiTrSALTY COMPANY. 203 K^arnyTt^
room 1 : several fine business chances to offer:
Attention — Bebt paying delicacy store In city
for sale at a bargain; price $SSO.
Brunch bakery. notions, candies: 2 living
rcximt: rent $13; price $275; receipta is dally.
Candy store; big stock; well i>atronlzed; prlc««
$*50: r»-nt $30; biggect bargain ever offered.
Corner cigar stand; rent $25; price $175.
Corner clrar stand; big trade:, price $i:J00.
Branch bakery; dally receipts $10; price $200.
Delicacy More; rent $20; bargain; price $200.
Rr-¥tauiant and chophouse; bargain; price $700.
Partner tc attend counter and take cash in res-
taurant: small capital required: fine chance.
Rorn-.ing-botifce; Market et. ; fine location;
clear* $150 mo., long leas*; 20 rmf.; elegant
carpets and furniture; price reduced to $2300.
A DELICACY and branrh bakery: one of the
bet-t prr-pueltlons In the city: established four
>>ar»; 4 furnished living rooms; only $500.
SKIRM. C Eddy rt.. room 72. *
BARBERS, attention! Fine downtown shop. 4
chelrs; Al business; only $300; 10 others.
CKIUM, C Eddy rt-. room 72. •
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Con.
MARION GRIFFIN. -
406 Hearst bulldjng, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In ' fine front offices.
Phcne Black 3607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date, title abstract free with every, sale.
We do bOs'lnesa strictly according to law.
23 rooms; Sutter St.; rent $75;'dears
$100 month; well furnished; all men;
a good bargain. ($1500)
19 rooms; elegant furniture; ' lease;
north of Market; new and the very
pink of perfection.
32 rooms: offer wanted: 3-year lease;
sunny side; central; transient and
permanent. ($2000)
50 rooms; new house; new and elegant
furnishings; S-year lease; clears
$496 month; all men roomers.
150 rooms In apartments; new house:
newly furnished; full of select peo-
ple and pays big dividends.
16 rooms; housekeeping; rent $50; in-
come $1}2; 3 blocks of Market; sun-
ny side; half cash. ($750)
117 rooms; rent $330; Income $800;
lease If desired; nicely located; north . • v
of Market at. ($0500)
29 rooms; new house; ntw furniture;
real {60; S-year lease; apartments;
mechanics. ($1500)
21 rooms; rent $70; clears $75: you
only $500 In cash for first payment. t$1300)
15 rooms; near Geary st.; 6 blocks of
Market st. ; aunny; first payment
$500; well furnished. ($1000)
16 rooms; north of Market st; 10
newly furnished, 6 unfurnished;
rent $45; all full. ($500)
CO rooms; electric elevator; nice trade;
clears $300 per month; books open
for your examination. . ($6000)
S5 rooms; new; corner; rent $378; In-
ccme $6S0; 5-year lease; extra easy
terms. ($6500)
63-room corner; rent $22.1;- clears J176;
5-year lease; transferable; clean; re-
spectable. ($4000)
61 rooms; a small house; finely fur-
nished; 5 blocks north of Market st.;
easy terms. ' ($6500)
200-room apartment house; new;
modern: 10-year lease; should clear
$1000 month. ($15,000)
44- rooms; new house; new furniture;
6-year lease; electric lights; only
$1200 down. ($2S00)
14 rooms; private boardlng-houae; 27
boarders; established 8 years; aunny;
quiet. ($700)
11 rooms, partly furnished; rent $25;
2 floors; full of roomers. ($200)
8 rooms; corner flat; near City Hall;
rent $30; Income $50; $200 down and
monthly Installments.
30 rooms; 3 blocks north; new house;
new and elegant furniture; long
leae«; clears monthly. ($200)
45 rooms; corner north of Market at.:
owner out of city; 'a bargain: half '
cash. ($2000)
60 rooms: private hot-!; rent J25O:
clears $450 per month; adapted to
lady management. ($550)
22 rooms; corner: all sunny roome;
north of Market st.: fine location;
big bargain for a lady.
$100 (as first payment); splendid,
newly furnished little transient
house. . . ($400)
SPECIAL NO. 15.
275 PER MONTH Income over rent: large
house: central: price $.'1500; V, cash and little
monthly Installments; furnishings In good or-
der: It's A No 1 for you If you have $1750 In
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406. Examiner bldg.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium; readings daily, $1: de-
vplopins class Thursday 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
; MRS. LESTER. 963 Mission; life reader, buel-
nots medium; read, dally; clr. to-night. 10c.
C. V. MILLER— Aunt Betsey's birthday seance
to-night. 8 o'clock. $1; friends only. 10SI Bush.
! ELSIE BRAUN. renowned psychlc.My readings
demonstrate my wonderful powers. SS6 Bush.
EDWARD EARLE. 1032 Ellis, readings dally,
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and. Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS., noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at once and save $4.
His former $5 readings this week for
$1. $1. $1. $l: 11. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you -obtain the Information for which
You consult him.
(You to !>• full judre.)
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clalryovant and
Palrfiltt evtr in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
I do hereby solemnly agree and- guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your, name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
ise to tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or falre; tell whom and when you
will marry. In fact I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself: I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful In life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and buried treasures and insure you success
or. charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays 2 to 6.
326— O'Farrell st.— 326.
PROF. CLARK. THE GREATEST HYP-
NOTIC CLAIRVOYANT OF THE AGE AND
HUMAN X-RAY. WILD GIVE DAILY
READINGS AT THE PARLORS OF THE
INSTITUTE OF PSYCHOLOGY. 521 GOLD-
EN GATE AVE., ON BUSINESS, POLI-
TICS AND ALL IMPORTANT AFFAIRS
IN LIFE; DIAGNOSES DISEASES ACCU-
RATELY AND LOCATES FOREIGN SUB-
STANCES IN THE HUMAN BODY.
PROF. HENKEL OF THE INSTITUTE
TEACHES HYPNOTISM. DEVELOPS
CLAIRVOYANT AND CURES LIQUOR.
TOBACCO AND MORPHINE HABIT AND
STAMMERING, AND ALL FEMALE ILLS
WITHOUT DRUGS.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium. ,
50c 60c 50c 50c
My $3 readings this week for 50c
Sh* reads your life correctly, gives an ac-
curate description of the past, present and fu-
ture. If in trouble consult her and you will
be told how to overcome them; give* valuable
advice In 1 all affairs In life.'
PERFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
50c COc SOc 50c
17 -Third St..' next Examiner bldg.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. »Turk:.prlvate .readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.: readings by mall aa satisfac-
tory as In person ; 3 questions answered, $1 ;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
. of birth; don't send currency: eend postoffiee,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
AA— MME. RAVENNA, formerly of 5 Fourth
. at., lias permanently moved to her new and
elesant offices, 835 Howard St.. bet. Fourth
and Fifth; thanking her. many patrons and
soliciting »tbelr further patronage; business
advice; originator of natneu given; full life
reading. 50c until further notice. .
A-r-Miss M. Wllle. 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you. called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special, $1: hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted, clalr. & palm.;
I correctly, treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, .. bus. and financial, success; names;
L..'50c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
TUESDAY night and Thursday; a home talk on
mental suggestion and new thought tests by a
dead trance medium. 1009 -Sutter; sit. daily.
MRS.- A. H. KRONENBEBG. palmist, clair-
voyant.card reader: when others fall try me;
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin.' nr. G.G.ave.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
. 26>£ Kearny. room 20; ladles, 25c; gents, SOc.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant,, 017 Market, rooms
11-12; glvesdates, names, facts; hours 11-9.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c- 951 Mission st.. nr. tith: open Sun.
MRS."." BROWN,: clairvoyant, card reader, re-
¦ moved from 132 6th-to 23% 6th; 1. 25c, g. 50c.
MME. MARSEAU. card , reader; ladies. 25c;
gents, 60c. 1' to 9,',120 Sixth at. - . : .
MRS. BAUMANN, * the well-known fortune-
,¦• teller/ is now at 317 EI113 st. J
nUSINKSS CHANCES — Contlnned.
PLUMBING and tinning business for eale; es-
tablished tor many, years same, locality; rea.
son., sickness; price, $2500; good customers.
Box 2485. Call office. - - ,
FOR sale — Horseradish grinding and delicates-
sen business. 24014 Mission st. . .
GROCERY and bar . for sale cheap.* 3127
Buchanan st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
or advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1C0S Market Bt., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. •
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO. - Phone South 1050.
S Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquaru-rs for roomlnsr-houses. hotels and
- all kinds of business chances.
SO rooms; corner; rent only $500: best down-
town house In city; electric elevator; well fur-
nished: guaranteed to clear $400 to $500 per
month; books open for Inspection; everything
in first-class shape; on account other business.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building:
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
ing $C0O per month; every room full: will
stand the strictest Investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100: well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
106 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; going East.
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished: oak
furniture; Axmlnster carpets; Deautlful flat.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house In San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5- year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
15 rooms; rent $S5: well furnished; all new;
$000 down, balance 14 per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
120 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-dato house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears .$400 to $500 per
month: on; of the best buys In the city. *
8-room upper flat; corner: all sunny rooms;
beautHul little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes In $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
resular roomers; will bear Investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture: Brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $300 cash, balance on Install-
ments; price $800.
9-room. new. modern flat; 4 months: elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $1300; a bargain; sick-
ness.
60 rooms: elegantly furnished: fine location:
close in; new and modern throughout: full, and
cle-uingr $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
to cettle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on It afk-M; chance of a lifetime.
90 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture: high-class location"; beautiful
halls; everything modern: first-class grill In
connection; best ' proposition In city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping; clears
$50; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished: 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; irrand new building; clear-
ing S1OU to $600 per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 rooms; rent $05; fine location; all on 2
floor*; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full: $2000.
11 room*: rent $40. close In oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets: clears $55- over- all
expenses; $400 cash, baiance time: snap; $700.
40 rooms; rent enly* ?65; well located hotel
fouth of Market: fine bar. well stocked; brick
building; electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500:
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
25 rooms; rent $1*0: hot and colfl water; part
housekeeping: all full; clears (150 per month:
well furnished; leaving city; gift; $1200.
50 rooms; new; modern apartment-house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern building; In
one of the best cities in Southern California:
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything:
up to date; 9-;-ear lease; rent only $'.100; clear-
ing -$'J50 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms; well furnished; first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks off Market: 5-year lease;
clearirg over $1CC; good buy for some one.
35 rooms; rent only $150: close In; thorough-
ly renovated, put in first-class condition: can
be run transifnt If desired; clears now $JS."»
per month; part cash, balance time; good
money- maker.
14 rooms; cheap rent; furnished In oak; Ax-
mlnster and Brussels carpets; new; half cash,
ba!ance '.cr.g time; make offer; departure.
31 room«: rent $110: all light rooms; clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.: regular snap; only $800
to get !n; must leave city at once; price $1300.
21 rooms, well furnished; fine little down-
town transient house; clearing $ICO per month;
obliged to leave the city; $1700.
20 rooms; chrap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets; grocd lease; clearing $125
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms; rent only $75; Ellis; oak furni-
ture; good carpets; clears $60; leaves 3 rooms
for landlady: fine opportunity to get good house
reasonable.
C. E. HINKLEV, PHONE MINT 796.
1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Clear titles. Reliable dealings. .Easy terms.
tn rooms; mechanics' house; rent $40 $575
flt> rooms; trade for ranch: clears $350.
14 rooms; rent $30; amazingly low vrice..$350
34 rooms: rent $C0; Just think! $1550
23 rooms: rent $35: one floor $1)00
G rooms; rent *2O; a pick-up.'. $130
20 rooms; clears $80; rent $4O $8W>
40 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $60 $1000
16 rooms; rent $50; clears $03; terms $950
31 rooms: sunny corner; rent $55 $1000
' IS rooms; California st. : rent $50; snap.. $750
1J rooms; Geary st. ; clears $40; rent $28.. $500
18 rooms: 6 unfurnished: rent $45 $425
".."> rooms; transient; lease $1500
8 rooms; Post st. : rent $32; only $250
12 rooms; Polk nt.; partially furnished. . .$450
MITCHELL & CO Phone Jessie 2981
1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
16 rooms: neat. , sunny, two-floor house; rent
?40; sell or exchange; price $650.
65 rms.: downtown house: steady; transient:
clearing $350 monthly, handsomely furnished.
28 rms.; choice corner rooming-bouse; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25. rooms: well appointed ' housekeeping
suites; landlady must sell; make offer.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market at.
A— JOSEPH RKIRM. ROOM 72.
6. Eddy st., cor. Powell.
PHONE GREEN 631.
For quick results call on me. I can give you
now some choice bargains In flats, rooming
and apartment houses. Bear In mind when
you do business through my office It la not
necessary for you to have all the cash; we
loan you all the money you may require. Give
us a call. SKIRM. 6 Eddy st.
$1500— ROADHOUSE: fine grounds: good
trade: fine furniture; elegant business loca-
tion; slightly run down, but with energetic
couple could be made a. bonanza; long lease
can be obtained at a very reasonable rent.
1 UNION BUSINESS EXCHANGE. 993 Mkt
$2500 — GOOD proposition In 87 rooms on Mar-
ket St.. clearing $200 a month: lease.
/UNION BUSINESS EXCHANGE. 093 Mkt.
J. ANDERSEN, Phone Folsom 1593
935 Market at., room 1, between 5th and 6th.
Rooming-houses sold on easy payments.
A— Bargain. . . . ; $2500 Bargain
.^$2500... To-day ;$250O..
..Very .7.; ..v. Best ...Lease..
Market St.: 35 rooms: rent $140 CO: water and
lights free; rooms all rented by 11 p. m.; $200
mo. profit guaranteed. Where can you do bet-
ter? Investigate for yourself. J. ANDERSEN.
100 ROOMS, Bunny corner, rent $125.. -..$4500
40 rooms, south of Market, rent $110.. 2f>00
46 rooms,' Mission warm belt, rent $65. 2250
20 rooms, summer resort, : rent $400 yr. 550
.14 rooms, fine location, rent low....... 700
; Hotels mid summer resorts.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
A — $1000;houst of 30 rooms, 37 beds;rent $100.
lease of 4 years: good furniture; rooms always
occupied. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
52-ROOM nicely furnlahed. . centrally located
•house for sale. Address WILSON, 400 Tay-
lor st. ,. . , .
15 ROOMS rent $70: long lease; furnished new
clears $60. Call at 858 Ellis st.
SNAP — Lodglng-hou&e, 100 rooms; furniture
new; this week only, at 24 Turk et." -
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.;
WANTED— *A lodglng-boiise "of about 35 to 40
rooms. Address : box 2951, Call office. -
BCRINKM CTTAXCKy— Continue*.
A — $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
sa'ltry. averaefng about '$'.» SO per day; ex-
pcnsc-B al-out *3 per day; will wl! or trade
ior 1. dp.TU--r.ousi'. See R. G. WILKE, 204
K<.i:ny si.
A— .S12<K>: COFFEE ealoon and bakery .in
oholcoici location; rent $>Q: dally receipts
about $7<i; m Rood business, but ulckness of
<>\vnc-r compels him to retire. Particulars R.
U. WILKE. 2SJS Kearny st.
A- $8.*.(»; CORKER cigar Ftand. close to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts.: rent $75; a splendid
location and rare busincRs chance. See R.
G. WILKE, 20? 7 Kearny Et.
A— $2250; STEAM laundry and property:
equipped with Litest machinery, wason. etc,;
ny opposition: in thriving country town about
75 miles from this city: a rare chance. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE. 2f»'i Kearny.
A BAKERY across tr-e bay, with lot 5oxlOO;
h.ius<? of 4 room*. 2 stories; 2 liorses, wagon,
etc.; urice $3600; not all cash required: a
good businew. Call on R. G. WILKE. 2ti«4
Kearny rt.
A— J4000; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
dllar; card and private rooms; kept by
owmrs for yeais; fullest Investigation so-
licited. See R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— $3000; GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment In Oakland; cloee to theaters;
rent $70 and a flrst-claM payint business;
other investments onlv caum of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 26'6 Kearny ft. r
A-$1200; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 yars; .bakes 4',i barrels
I*r day: daily sales *45; living rooms. Call
It. G. WILKE. -JUk- Kearny et.
A — $12r»O; DELICATESSEN and dairy produc*
store; cloae to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock; clears at least $250 i*r month;
full value In sight: a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE, ZG',4 Kearny Ft.
A— $500; BRANCH bakery and candy ator*.
with llvlnc rooms: dally receipts about $10:
choicest location in the Mlsson. See R. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny gt.
A— $2200; SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth St.. Market and Stockton;
place speaks for itself; all particulars. R.
G. WILKE. 2GU, Kearny st.
A— H5C0; GROCERY and bar. with 16 fur-
nished rooms; 5 years' l*>ase; rent $<!5; a
business* where man and wife can easily
clear $,':00 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— SttOOO-. OOAL, hay and grain yard: on Geary
tt.; rent flu; lease; 3 horses, ti wagons; busi-
ness eetab. years; Investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 2C>4 Kearny St.
A. CAMEKON' &. CO Phone South IOGO
3 Eddy »t.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarter* for all kinds of business chancee.
Oyster and chophouses $350 to $10<X)
Cantly anj ice cream parlors ... $2<»0 to $2500
Barb'r shops 1 . .$500 to $2500
Cipar stando $350 to J'JOOO
Groceries at.d bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $3C0 to $10(10
Drug stores $2000 to $tf000
Dell-aftsen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
FOR sale — Ueautiful mountain resort, less than
SO minutes' rid* from depot of best interior
city In State; less than « hours' ride from-
San Francisco; 20 acres land; 30- room fum.
hotel, with barns, sheds, etc.; 3 years' lease;
can cet longer; rental J5C0 per year; horses.
buRgits, 2 cow*; bar well equipped; billiard
tabl», piano: raises own fruit, vegetables,
hay. chickens, etc.; big money to be made;
price SL'500; account death. CAMERON &
CO.. Z Kddy «t.
FOR. «ale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prespect;
located In Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-house or business. Comeron. 3 Eddy.
FOR ?a!r — Well-located candy store; all equip-
ment for maklnz own candles; established 8
year.-; clears over $200 ver month: will in-
vcice about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy «t.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent; recelcts $75 to $l{)0 day; will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. . .
FOR Rale, or will trade for small ranch— Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; well
located: clearing $300 per month; first-class
proposition; will utand strict Investigation;
price SSQOO. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
A— $100 REWARD.
will be paid for legal proof showing that
any- person eV er lost a dollar who Invested
any money In our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock. S50.CC0.
627 Market St.. rooms 321, 322, 323, 324.
HOTEL FOR' SALE!
New and modern; 80 rooms; rich furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy: large din-
ing-room with 16 tables and Imported Vienna
cheirs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years' lease; $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market et.
A SAFE INV7ESTMENT!
$10O0 cash and services secure interest and
office of treasurer In an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
eured; highest referent's.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market st.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward: no "*get-
r'rh-qulck swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market rt.
THE BEST -INVESTMENT.
100 fharcs of gold stock of thj Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth 1200 by August. 1004.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market et.
THE MUTUAL INVESTMENT CO.
467 PARROTT BUILDING.
The following are a few of our bargains
that must go:
Eltpnrt new rooming-house, 6 floors. .$15,000
Fine !-;:;oon and cigar etand 1.400
Swell saloon and fixtures 750
Central cigar stand COO
Tea store — a snap t)00
Ladles' tailoring, grood trade 1.60O
Candy factory' — money maker 2.2CO
Grocery — »rood business 1.5O0
Massage baths, cheap 600
THE MUTUAL INVESTMENT CO.
US MARKET STREET.
$350— SALOON; fine stock and" fixtures; license
secured. MARIN CO., 235 Kearny St.
$600 — PARTNER wanted: genteel, business:
pays $100 monthly to each; part cash If de-
eired. Marln Investment Co.. 235 Kearriy st.
DELICACY and notion store; good trade; in
a locality surrounded by families; no oppo-
sition for several blocks; stock all new and
clean; fixtures attractive: living rooms and
furniture; rent low. ¦ Box 2037. Call.
$S75— SALOON, stock and fixtures In whole-
eal* district; mutt sell on account of being
compelled to leave the city. Address ' box
2005. Call office.
$50 CAPITAL, to start wins you $12 dally; I
will loan you $25. Th* famous distance sys-
tem wins 4 races daily. See DAVIS, 230
Powell et., room ».
FOR SALE — Candy, and Ice cream factory;
good, clean stock on hand; fine fixtures:
good locality and a fine trade. Address box
2918. Call office.
BUSINESS proposition: will bear Investigation:
$500 can clear $150 monthly; see this at once.
J. E. TETLOW, £50 Market at., room 14.
PARTNER; saloon, boarding and lodging
house; 21 beds; half interest, $600. D. M.,
care 120 Market st. '• ¦
WANTED— To buy a grocery and" bar; a good
stand; state location and price asked. Box
2947. Call. office ... _
WHOLE or half Interest In paint store and
painting business; little money, right person.
10:14 Market st. .
FOR sale — Fine retail millinery stcre; Market-
s', location. Apply HOLM & NATHAN. 812
Market at. . - -
FOR sale — The . only first-class road bouse ! In
California near San Francisco. Address box
2458, Call office.- . - • <
ACTIVE man with $500 to take half Interest
in old established real estate business: refer-
ences required. P. O. box 162, Oakland, Cal.
FOR rent — BUcksmitn shop, with or~"~wlthout
tools; established ulx years.' Inquire 1306
Railroad ave., Alameda. ¦ .
CLEAR lots, fine location, and cash for busi-
ness or lodging house. Box 4517. "Call office.
WANTED — To buy firat-claes liquor business
or saloon;'no agents.' Address box 2320, Call.
SMALL boardinK-hcuse for sale; • rooms ' full.
Particulars, 30 McAllister st.; after 10 a. m.
ROUTE on Call. • Apply at office" •,/;-
SALOON in good business ' location, close to
Third and Market sts. Box 2930. Call office.
WANTED— A cigar stand. . Box 2385. Call
office. . . -. -..-.. ..': • ¦•
FOR *ale^ — Conu>l»te cleaninr and ¦ dj ting
works. Box 2205. Call office. :
FOR sale— A saloon,- 3087 Sixteenth st, vn
account of proprietor's ; sickness.
FOR eale — Boarding house; 15' rooms; rent,
$40; steady boarders. 323 First st. • 1
CLAIRVOYAXTS~-Contlniied.
MRS. SHAFER, claTrvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 44SH Jessie st.. bet. 5th and Cttv
CARPET. BKATISG AND CLEANING.'
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
¦WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
DEL MONTE, S47 Hayes St.; phone Page 63S—
Carpets renovated on the floor; also beating.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning: Works. 1809 Har-
rlson at.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
treases made over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
_teK_Maln 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
CO.VKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 26.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.; 415
¦ Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. Main 5580.
COTTAGES TO LET.
WELL-FURNISHED cottage, 6 rooms and
bath, 215 Twenty-ninth st.
CUBES BUPTUBE.
WHO?— Hunter. 1200 Market St.; $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge ¦ for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 5Oc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings. COc:
plates. $5; full set; all work ' painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. H. G. YOUNG — Bridges and teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1841 Polk st.
GOLD fillings 75c: silver 35c crowns. $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors.235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up;nlllngs,25c,
ARTHUS CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlat,r.l4,lst
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
iHlKVSMAKKUS AM) SEAMSTRKl*Si:s
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaitlng; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millnery School—
Pattterns' cut to measure; eve. class 1010 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
WRITE to California Business College for in-
formation concerning February club d!s-
cuunt; on mwlnc Into our new and elegant
building we wont &00 students: come and
Join tha ereat school of the West; 75-page
catalogue. 901-025 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for. the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or a-ny Stantcrd profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A"YRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket t-t.; established IS years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand, Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market at.
STAMMERERS taucht to talk; no drawl,
singsong or motions. Call or write Natural
Speech Academy, 1030 East Twenty-eighth
ct.. Los Angeles, Cal.
SOCIAL dances Wed., Thurs.. Pat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of DanclDiT. 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be con-
petent stenographers. 1CS2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand.^touch typing, arith.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day eve.; S4 ino. eve.
HEALD'S School cf Mlnes& Electricity. 2* Post
St.. S. F.;a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, m!n., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev/; est 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HINMAN'S Academy, a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
bet. Pine and California: classes now open.
BANJO, mandolin > and guitar ; thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary et.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club $1 per mo. S2S Halght st.
ESPANOL — Metodo practlco y progresivo.
Rafael Serrano. 630 California, cuarto nm. 4.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lesson?. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 101.1 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH. French. etc. Prof. DeFillppe'sAcademy
of language.320Post;estab'd lR71;ablest profs.
EWI'LOVHEST OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post at.; tel. Bush 135^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung'a. 41 1%* O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office: Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 S'ockton. Tel. Grant 16S.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5189.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel Main 1M>7. BRADLEY & CO.. f>40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — -FEMALE.
A STRONG young woman, good cook, 3 yeara'
references, wants a place at general house-
work (np windows to wash): wages $30. Of-
fice hours 8:30 a. m. to 6:30. Call up MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st., near Powell.
A YOUNG Irish girl with good references
. wants second work at ?2O a month. Office
I hours S:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. Call up Main
6472. MISS PLUNKETTS EMPLOYMENT
BUREAU, 425 Sutetr Bt.. near Powell.
A RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day,
washing or cleaning. 017% Natoma at., be-
tween Tenth and Eleventh.
RESPECTABLE woman, cood cook, wants
¦ work in American family; likes children; $15
to $20; references. 794 Folsom st.
CAPABLE girl desires chamberwork and walt-
' ing In private family. Address 1048 Larkln
¦ St.: phone Larkln 2716.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress: $1 50 a day; no postals answered. 5«6
Minna St., near Seventh.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation; will, as-
sist with housework. f>2 Hollis st.
COMPETENT cook wishes situation! refer-
ences. Address 2C22 Bush st. .
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, day work-
er, some days unoccupied, wishes home , In
gentleman's hsuse in return for services- best
references. Please call Sunday or Wednes-
day. 1204 Mission St.. upstairs. ,
AN experienced stenographer desires a perma-
nent position with reasonable salary; .has
some knowledge of bookkeeping; Al refer-
ences. Address box 2334, Call.
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse" wishes a few
more engagements; beat of references; terms
$10 a week. Call "MRS. WILSON, 474 '/i
Tehama st.. near. Sixth.
PROFESSIONAL nurse wishes care of Invalid
at $(0 per month, or confinement cases at $15
per week. Address MRS. H.— H. B., , 183«
Hy.de st. '
REFINED lady would like position as house-
keeper or companion; references. Call 817
Van Ness ave.. between -1 and 6 p. m.
RELIABLE woman, with girl (4 years) to sup-
port, wishes work with her child: $10 to $12;
city or country. Box 2307, Call office.
A TRUSTWORTHY colored woman wants gen-
eral housework in small family; no washing.
Box. 2352. Call. .. -¦ ¦
EXPERIENCED and partly trained nurse de-
sires care of - Invalid; $35 per - month. Box
2298, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker would like a few
more engagements by the day; : dresses re-
modeled. Box 2306, Call office. I •atft'JiV
RELIABLE girt wants position at chamber
work, assist waiting:. 2011 1.6th st.
YOUNG lady wishes to do writing at home;
addressing envelopes, etc. Box '2413, Call.
FLATS TO LET— F^R^ISHEJD^
T^e1<tV^FiRST^29«:— 5 room* and bath,
newly furnished; modern; sunny side; very
reasonable. Call 9 to u p. m.
OEAKY. 210.1 — Newly furnished cozy flat. 5
rooms; corner: rent $T.3.
NICELY furnished flat. 5 rooms, bath. yard.
2j14 Sutter St.; call 12 to 3.
FLATS FOR SALE — ¦*\ lj ' n i X 5?."^P-
$350— A NEWLY furnished 10-room flat, cen-
trally located; imut be sold immediately.
Answer box 21W, Call office. |
$200 — A FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms on
Cough at. 11 City Hall Square.
NICELY furnished flat for sale; 5 rooms and
bath: $15O; top flat. 54tt Natoma st.
NICELY furnished modern 9-room flat; sunny
corner. 02tt V^n Ness ave.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms: part rented: low rent,
$1S; reasonable. 532 '» Bryan* at.
FCRMTl'ltE FOlfc SALE.
FURNITURE, with or without p'.ano. In 0-
rocm house; modern; Geary st.. close In: rent
only $40: besides elegant living rooms can
rent for $20 over rent; a snap; from owner
direct at a sacrifice if taken this week. Box
2268. Call office.
MISSION Auction House — For stoves, furnltur*
and household goods. 403 Valencia, cor. 15th.
FCR51T0RE WASTED.
A WOLLPERT. 778 Mission, phone Red 4463.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. U^ K.
DURD. auctioneer. 181S Mkt.: tet.Howard 275*
HELP" TASTED— FEMALE.
COOK. 8 clergymen *J*
Cook, small hotel, country JJJ
Cook, small American family lilTlS
4 cooks. German style ?x2"!2«
3 second girls $2O-»-5
Chambermaid and waiting, country.....}'^
.1 waitresses, hotels, city and country.$^5-» «•>
Housework, little washing ?«>
Nursegirl, 2 children *»»
I Laundress. 4 days week £»>
Housework. San Rafael ?¦f 4
I 44 houseglrls. city and country- - .$2O-$_5-$V>
! Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 334 Sutter. ¦
COOK. 8 family, country, kitchen helper kepi,
flW); see lady office Monday. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter sr .
A NUMBER of good second girls to register
for places for the city and country. $25 and,
$3O. Office hours 8:30 a. m. to 5:30. Com-
municate by letter with MIS3 PLUNKETT.
425 Sutler st., near Powell.
A FIRST class cook for American family. |3O:
a parlor rcald to wait table and carve. $30;
an Infant's nurse for Fan Rafael. $25. Call
at MISS PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter at., near
Powell. Office hours 8:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
A GENERAL housework girl for two In fam-
ily. $3O; a first-class laundress, small family,
$30; a atrong chambermaid for plain hotel
In city, $25. board and room. Call at MIS3
PLUNKETT"^. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
Office open 8:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
A — WANTED — Glrla to learn hairdresalng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13. ¦
A — Ofrls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; positions aa trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
1 day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdressing
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jcnes, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class: call.
HOUSEKEEPER wanted by an elderly gentle-
man near Fruitvale; no washing or cooking;
two grandsons, one 10, the other 16: refer-
ence In regard to character; wages $3O per
month. Address bcx 4530. Call office.
A — WANTED, operators on ladles' underwear.
656 Mission St., third floor.
A — 'WANTED, operators on children's under*
wetr. . 65<S Mission at., third floor.
WANTED— Panti finisher. 410 1 Keaxny St..
room 32.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman for light
housework. 47 Bernal ave.
WANTED — Apprentice girl on first-class coats.
Apply all week. 49 McAllister at., room 4.
EXPERIENCED maker and apprentices want-
ed In millinery store. 682 McAllister at.
GIRL for part housework: must be gocd cook;
no washing; from 10 to 2. 2349 Jones st.
WANTED — Experienced makers. Williams
Millinery. 123 Stockton st.. near Geary-
GIRL for plain cooking and general house-
work. 1790 Q-Farrell at.
WANTED — Reliable girl to do plain cooking
and assist In light housework. 14104 Oary.
WAIST hands wanted at 14O7 Laguna. at.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and button-hols maker
on vesta; wages no object. 23O>4 Ninth st.
YOUNG girl to do light housework; wages $13;
good place right party. 1605 Sacramento at.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
LIFE Insurance — A capable woman of charac-
ter and refinement, with ability to present
facts, can obtain excellent position with new,
large, old line company. Address with ref'
erences and experience. If any, box 2321, Call.
EXPERIENCED operators for th« Iamb knit-
ting machine: also a few apprentices. Apply
J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412 Polk it.
WANTED— First-class millinery saleslady-
steady position. Sahletn'a Millinery. 873
Market st.. opooaite Powell.
HANDS on vesta who can make button-hote«.
641 H Stevenson at. '¦
GIRL, for slain cookrna: and aaslst la general
housework. SS23 Nineteenth st.
WANTED— Apprentice for .dressmaking. 1327
Mason st.
WANTED — First-class waist aad coat baads.
J. BAER, 1200 Geary at.
WANTED— A girl for small family; cooking
and housework. Inquire 224 Sutter st.
BINDERT girls wanted at SUNSET PRESS,
Market and Tenth sta.
A GIRL for central houaework and cooking;
carfare paid. 2210 Central »ve>.
PERMANENT position to good solicitor for
city work. 512 Starr King Bldg. : 10 to 5 p. m.
A VEST operator: steady work; good wages.
Apply S. N. WOOD ft CO.. 27 Geary at.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
b*sn opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. ny '
HELP WASTED- .JtiltJ.
at"thb cal. " eSipTa^gIenct^ *~~~
14 Third at.; phone Bush 403.
NEVADA.
Government Work— 8 Hours.
Fare $7 50.
20 teamsters. $2 a day.
10 laborers. $2 a day.
10 rockmen. $2 5ft a day
SAWMILL CREW.
Dogger or cairtage rider. $50 and board.
Log deckhand. $40 and board.
Millwright. $70 and board.
Blacksmith. $75 a month.
Pondman. $40 and board.
Off-bearer behind saw. $40 and board.
Roustabout. $r.5 a month.
Engineer and machinist. $73 a month.
' ..; CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st.
CARPENTER for sawmill, $65 and board;
log deck man. $10 and board; carriage
driver. $45 and board: blacksmith and saw
flier. $45 to $30 and board; timber fetler. $t»
and board; farmers, $26 and $3O and board:
dairyman, $33 and board; harnessmaker. .»-
to ?2 3O day: broiler. $70: oyster man. $40;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S
Sacramento at.
__ ' "~~ £; ; £
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. <E3 Clay st.
WANTED— Good tailor for general work:
country. Apply STEIN-SIMON. San Fran-
cisco.
BARBERS— 3-chalr, well paying city barber
shop for sale. Inquire WILL & FINCK 23
O'Farrell st.
LADIES and gentlemen everywhere to copy
tatters In thetr homes: send 25c for partlcu-
lara. Boa 4540. Call office.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. £ CO., 21 Sutter st.
GERMAN: steady: reference; handy: ten bar,
wlnehouse; married preferred. Box 2231, CiU.
YOU CAN ABANDON YOUR WORRIES^!MPTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. MARCH 7, 1904.
11
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
OAKLAND property to exchange for country
property. P. C. LASSEN, 4e« Tenth st..
Oakland, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMKDA KRAI. BSTATB.
NEW complete cottage. 5 rooms, open for in-
spection thin week and until sold. 1020 Fair
Oaka ave.. Encinal Park Station. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BKRKKLET REAL E8TATB.
ON sunny clde of Essex at. one block from
Ashby station, between Adeline and Shattuck
ave. ; house of C rooms; price reduced $2C0
for ten days: by owner only. C. • R. SHAW.
16«fl Eleventh ave.: tel. Brook 130. Make
appointment by mail or telephone.
A. MURDOCH & CO.. South" Berkeley station,
for bargains: we build, "buy, sell or exchange.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
F Kl'ITVALE REAL ESTATE.
NEAT cottage; 4 rooms and bath; lot 70xll4H;
lovely garden; jeasonable. O!l on C. FEIER-
• BACH. Hloafom st., near Frultvale ave.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
OAKLAXD RBAL KSTATE.
THIRTY-SEVENTH it., near West; new houss
6 large rooms; up to date; 2 blocks from
bank and' "Key Route" station; small de-
posit down; private loan; genuine bargain;
tvill sell carpets.
OWNER. P. O. box 162.
- Oakland. Cal.
; IT WILL PAY FOR ITSELF.
$2300— Store and flat of 5 rooms upstairs, at
Adeline station. Seventh et.. near new West-
ern Pacific terminal; easy terms.
T. F. RAYON, owner. 424 Tenth st.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR rent— Furnished; 5-room cottage; sunny
corner: gas, bath, laundry, etc. S. PETER,
S32 Nineteenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
I jO^AKLAKI^FlKJigjTlJRE FOK SALE.
TO-MORROW the da y~~for~b7ncalnT7n'7urnT-
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth st..cor.atore.Oaktand.
ROOMS FOR IJOUSEKEEIMNG.
BARTLETT. 419—3 unfurnished attic rooms
for housekeeping ; closet-room, sink.
BIRCH ave. 615 — Ii good unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; f9. Key 642 Grove st.
ELLIS, 611 — Furnished eunny front alcove, 2
connecting rooms: gai range, bath, phone.
ELLIS. 1909, nea7 Scott— 2 large" furnished
rooms; housekeeping; gas, phone, bath; $18.
FIFTH, 348— A suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FOLSOM. near 24th — Three sunny rooms; part-
ly furnished or unfurnished, with bath, gas,
laundry and yard; stable. Box Call.
FOURTH. 22.V— Furnlsbfd rooms for light
housekeeping: also tingle rooms.
FOURTH, 491 — Newly furnished rooms, double
or single; also housekeeping: rent reason-
able;
FRANKLIN. 45 — Front bay-window room, $10;
single. $6; light housekeeping.
FULTON, 231 — Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; grate; gas range.
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furn. sunny front parlor;
single rooms; housekeeping privileges; gks.
GOUOH. 211 — Top floor; three sunny unfur-
nished rooms; gas. bath, etc.; adults only.
GUERRERO,- 104— Nicely furnished front al-
cove room: splendid location; reasonable;
references required.
HAIGHT, 224—3 nicely furnished room*, bath^
for housekeeping; suitable for 2 or 3 adults.
HAIGHT, 2.14, corner — Sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; piano.
HAYES, 4:*;; — Three large, sunny connecting
rooms, unfurnished; running water; grate.
HOWARD. IMS — Furnished housekeeping
rooms, bath, gas range; also single rooms.
JESSIE. 32.1 — Sunny front room, furnished
housekeeping; gas range, cot. water; $12.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-rocm suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up,
KEARNY, 215 — Front rooms: newly renovat-
ed: baric suite for housekeeping.
MARKET, 1032—2 housekeeping rooms, with
Fa" and coal stove; $12 a month.
MARKET, 1S97 — Two unfurnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping.
MISSION. 2030 — Two sunny furnished rooms
and kitchen; no children; private; references.
MODEL House. 120<l Stockton St. — New furn.;
hskpg. rm. $5-12 mo:; phone, baths, gas; sun.
OCTAVIA, 411 — Two housekeeping rooms; gas
stove, $12; no objections to children.
OCTAVIA. 12K*. cor. O'Farrell— Elegantly fur-
ntthed hskpg. suite; gas and coal range.
O'FARRELL, 77fl — Unfurnished, sunny, light
double front parlors; also furnished rooms;
reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 15l«-*-Nlcely furnished suite of
nice sunny housekeeping rooms to let.
STERLING Apartments, Hayes, bet. Fillmore
*nd Steiner: finest In city; 4 rooms, bath;
Just finished: open Sunday: water; garbage;
Janitor service free.
SUTTER. iei?»— From 2 to 5 sunny unfurnished
connecting icoms; running water.
THIRD. 308 — Two sunny front rooms, $12;
suite of 3, $lf>: another, $8.
VAN NKSS ave., 70(1 — 2 sunny front 1 rooms.
$25- also 3 basement rooms, complete; reason-
able. ___^
iTLASSIFI^D advertisements and subscriptions
recelxed at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
Ilonnrkpar Rooms— Apartm't Hontri,
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments, S and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc.; unfurnished or furnished to
order; new house. The St. Charles, 1000
Sacramento rt., near Larkln.
A^CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 13.
NORTHEAST CORNER SUTTER AND
LARKIN STS.
Beautifully light and sunny: 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $30 to $13.
Make reservations now.
THE LUNGER. 445 Octavia, cor. Hayes — Just
completed; sunny: modern 3-rm. apartments;
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
batlis; $40 up; refs.; also doctor's offices.
ST. CRCILE, 11C Frtl, above Van Ness— The
ncme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, ele C -
eric llghtn, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to *«'.&.
St, Andre, 1230 Pine — New management, superb
aptmts-.strlctly flrst-class.;steam heat: electric
llghts'.priv. ;phone;elev. : 1 to 4 rms. ;wlth prlv.
bath; furn. or unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR. prop.
ET. LOUIS, 1675 Jackson st.— Modern 3-4-5
room*, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
IROQUOI3 Apartments. 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
worth: 2, 3 and 4 rm».; open for Inspection.
™~ HADDON HALL. ~
051 EDDY ST. REFERENCES, i >"
WANTED — A well furnished apartment of 5
rooms: must have all modern conveniences.
Box 294«. Call office^
A 3-R00M apartment wanted, furnished. Ad-
i dress box 2892, Call office. ; .
ROOMS T«» T.KT-— -Fwrw. wn«l riofnrw.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom ats. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside ;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 00 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house ln
this vicinity; first-class grill attached. .
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per wetk and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth «t.) — Rooms, 25c 50c. $1. $1 SO night; ;
$1 DO to $10 week; house open all night.
ALL newly furnished, beautiful rooms at the
Waverly. rooming house, 841 O'Farrell st.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
ntshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
MOXEY TO LOA.V— Continued.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry,- at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
84« Market: tel. Main 1844. Branch. 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Pbelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commission; Installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans en diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kcarny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, C Eddy st.
1 PKR cent en furniture or piano. 1C03 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employe*. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned ralaried people on note« without
Indc^er. MORELL. C09 Examiner building.
MUS^ICAL IXSTRUMEyrS. '
BARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND PIANOS AS
FOLLOWS:
Two Stelnway, one Chick?ring. one Sterling.
one Haines Bros., two Steck. one Stelnway
j grand nnd one Steck grand; also many other
pianos from $75 up and square pianos from $10
up. all fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CVRTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
i A CLEARANCE eale of upright pianos from
| $1.0 up; greatest bargains ever offered in San
Francisco; all makes. We rent upright
pianos for (2 per month: new at $3 per
month: all money paid applies on purchase
Heine Piano Co., 2:<5-237 Geary et. Oakland
address 12&2 Broadway.
ONLY umnn house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 p*r month and allow
(S months' rpnt and cartage off purchase
price; sole agents for McPhail, Schiller and
j ether makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 5tiO Hays.
A FEW unredeemed storage planoa (also furni-
ture) will b« sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITFHEAP'S storage, ltflO Market St.
SMALL pianos for small apartments; great
tone; rtrt or sale. BYRON MAL'ZT, 303
Post *t.
NEW upright planoe eold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO., 16 McAllister st.
3-PKDAL Stelnway up. ;(*hickf ring baby grand;
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe'B. 2S5 O'Farrell.
FIXE $5<X) piano at your own price; selling ac-
count death In family. 312 Fair Oaks st.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
most given away. Hcrnung. 216 McAllister.
A FISCHER uuriKht piano for sale; good as
new; HSS. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauiy pianos. Ceciltan piano
player. BTRO.V MAL'ZT, 30S-312 Post St.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
PART sunny furnished office. Room 681 Par-
rott blig., 9-10. 4-5.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply 140 Geary St.. opp. City of Paris.
JPEIJSOjVA]t.SI. '
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
contracts with leading house* to take all
their ehort ends, called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on Installments cheaper than
others do for cesh. LEON LEMOS. merchant
tailor. 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths: face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 4<*J Grary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Jm-
proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and ltchln* scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no nubatltue. Star Remedy CO..1SS8 Polk.
ADVERTISINcPwoRLD. Columbus. Ohio, a
monthly Journal of Information, plans, sug-
gestions and ideas for advertising. Send to-
day for free sample, or 10c for 4 months' trial.
THE infallible system: the only copyrighted
successful method of keeping ahead of the
nr SZ. : cood '«T: price $1. Sold only by
PrTTS. low Market «t.
Cancerous lumps, sorer. Impure blood (affecting
ekin. mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skillec specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 231 Orant ave. Worst cases cured.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin speciallst77naw8
the work that Is the important Item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 7S1 O'Farrell.
DRUM K ENN ESS. morphlne~~and~al! dnnTdiT-
ease* positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1373 Waller; consultation free; < all or write.
| HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkle*,
all blemishes removed: shampooing specialty
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and U
AT less than cent, uncalled for suits overcoats
nnd trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Fat. and Sun •
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 155« Market, nr. Larkln.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per wc^k
XEl'HAL'S & CO. (inc.). tailors. 72y Market.
FANCY embroidery work done by Swiss lady
Orders taken at 1300 Stockton *t.
LIQUOR habit cured in two days or no charge
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. »07 Market t-i.
Actlna restores lost eyesight :cur»s deafness and
catarrh. A' VI DA CO., 3524 10th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 300 Su\~-
__t g r. r. 009. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 3<?.
Bon Marche Pant* Co. ; special $5 pants to or-
6<t. Rooms 34 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 4».
MASQUERADE costumes, p'my books wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 MKt!
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec
_! r _._r*i*_P__ and Mrs - Trav ers, 1170 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 5<M "dreBsTpants"?:: 50
_Mi.«nt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFRKDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores "gray
hair to its natural color, $1; at all druggists'.
MIRP P. ROEMER can hear o~f an old time
{ friend by addressing PAUL, box 24C4, Call.
LEANORE V. R. — Please come home quick'
rr.amma very s.'ck.
GET your gents' ladies' and children's fur-
nlshlnga at P. FELI7/P. 352 Third St.
FRENCH mas-sage ln exchange for English
lessons. Box 4519. Call office.
GOLDEN OATE.300— Cor. ;laundry,l>urber .hop
cigars, tobaccos, newspapers, roitt cleaned!
Ct X K £ rK F T and best ln Amerl«a— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
PAI/ilJSTIlY.
MADAM DEVAS. "
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBES
BUILDING. 130 POST ST. tdM
ELI VINE BE~RSCH— Best card reader: reu^l
fortunes by. the planet cards. 26S3 MlssJcn
ft., b*t. 22d and 23d.
Ii. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor st.. net>r Peary. Phone Black Bfil.
rAPKKHAMJING. I'AINTIAG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tInUnT~~pa7ntln^
Hartrrann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 4l3.
PHVSICIAAS A.\D SURCiEO.\S.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and re»ld~ence.
1021 % Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and recta", diseases a apeclalty
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herd doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four yeers at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at Ct»7 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CUT. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE comer Geary and Taylor ,»ts.
WONC WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DIVIDEND AOT1CEI.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, "th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 703 Market St., opposite Third—
For the half year ending 31st of December,
1903, a dividend has been declared at tbe
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital ctock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable en and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2, 19O4. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notlce^ — The Giant PowderCompany
(Con.)— A dividend, No. 83, of fifty cents
(&0c) per share on the Issued capital stock , of
the company has been declared, payable at
the office of the company, rooms 202. 204 and
206, Hayward building. San Francisco, on
March 10. 1904. Transfer books close March
3/ 1&04. at noon. C C. QUINN, Secretary.
a O O.MS TO LET— Farn. anil Cafnra.
CUMMINGS (The). 613 Post. nr. Taylor— Joit
opened; desirably located; sunny, single rooajs
•, and suites, with private baths, hot and ccld
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phone 'East 1317 If desired.
EDDY. 964 — A few nicely furnished sunny
rms.: reasonable: private fam. ; tel.Hyde 4Ott4.
ELLIS, 611 — Nicely furnished suite, suitable
for 4 gent!em»n or 4 ladles; phone and bath.
ELLIS. 647A— A suite of newly furnished
rooms; gas, bath; no children; private family.
FERN HALL. 812 Bush— Elegantly furn. mu. ;
all sunny; terms, reasonable; references.
FOR single gentleman, la private home (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks- from
park entrance and Z blocks from panhandle.
Addresa box 2C24, Call office.
FRANKLIN. 2OV4— Two sunny furnished
rooms; reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 317 — Furnished front room for X
or 3 cents: modern; very reasonable.
FRANKLIX. 721. nr. Golden Gate are— Sunny
furnished front room; all conveniences, $S.
FULTON. 81— Nice, large, sunny room to let
for two gentlemen.
GEARY. 866— Sunny rooms; pleasant home for
gentlemen; private family.
OEARY. P36, near Larkln — For rent — sunny ;
front room for a gentleman; easy walking
distance from business center, but good resi-
dence location.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 33c
to $1 23 night: $1 CO to $5 wk. ; reading-room.
OOUGH. 1300 — Sunny front room to gentle-
man; also side room; rent reasonable.
GRANT ave.. 7— Nicely furnished front suite;
also single rooms; $2 SO to |7 we«k.
HATES. 491 — Front room for two gentlemen
or young couple; bath and gas.
HOWARD. 640— Large sunny front room, suit-
able for two; respectable people wanted; $9
month. * |
HYDE, 810. near Sutter — Large furnished
room; rent ID. '
LARCHMONT. .TH Sutter— Nicety furnished
sunny suite with private bath; also single.
LARKIN. 1930 — Nice room, suitable for gentl»-
man; rent $10 per month.
MASON*. 1827. near Broadway— Sunny, fur-
nished rooms.
MCALLISTER. 757 — Large front room; $*.
MISSION. S37A— Furnished rooms by the day.
week or month: prices reasonable.
MISSION, 025H— Nicely furnished sunny sln-
gl* and double front rooms; quiet house.
MISSION, 1222, bet. Eighth and Ninth— $5 per
month; single, nicely furnished room.
POST, 631 — One or two sunny rooms to let;
rent $6 50 and $!.».
ROYAL House. VJ8 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
flocr; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SINGLE furnished rooms, with or without
hi«isekeeping. Address 106 Eleventh st.
STOCKTON. 41 and — Nicely furnished sun-
ny suite; also single rooms: $1 50 to $3 week.
SOUTH. PARK. 131— To let. sunny room for
single' gentleman.
SUTTER. 40C— A bay-wVndow unfurnished
sunny suite for gentlemen.
TAYLOR. 624. corner Sutter — Newly furnished
sunny front rooma: reasonable.
TAYLOR, 1311 — Large sunny furnished rooms;
desirable location; walking distance: dinners.
THIRD. 30S— Rooms. 23c. 50c. 75c and $1 per
night; fl to $4 week; nice, quiet; bath^ !
TURK. 81*— Large and small single rooms I
for gentlemen of good standing.
UNITED STATES. \T\ \ EddyTnear Market^ifVO
rooms, 83c to $1 night. $1 75 to JO week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator.rejd.-room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NEP3 ave., 519 — Elegant front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN WINKLE. 207. Jones — Nicely furnished
moms, $2: .unny sultea. $2 per week; bathsj.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 7CO rooms;
3.V to $1 50 night; $2 tn $ft week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, 2C2 Sixth— Electric light In even-
room; ISc to $1 a night: 75c to $.". a week;
open all night: convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan It Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th« reception
of iidvertisernents and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m.
ROOMS AXM HOARD.
BRANNAN, 330^ — Sunny front room; gas. flre-
j.-lac». bath, large closet and good beard;
suitable for one or two centlemen: also two
other pelasant rooms. $20 per month; quiet
neighborhood.
HOTEL HATTOS
077 Pine, near Taylor: elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; alK modern conven-
iences: excellent table.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVB.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHON E PRIVATE EXCHANGE 708.
- ________
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL PMAI.L
HOTEL: JUST OPENING: EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. - APPLY AT ONCE.
ATHERTON (The), lOfil Octavia. near Sutter—
Larg*. sunny, airy suites and single rooms;
beautiful town; excelUht board; reas. rate*.
HAWTHORNE. 18, off Howard St., near Third
— Front room, with board. In private Ameri-
can family: $1 SO per werk.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table; from $40; single $23.
VAN NESS ave., 1714 — Elegantly furnished
suites, wltn baths: also tingle: homelike.
ROOMS let with board and comfort* of a
home; reduction to students. 570 Harrison.
Stevenson mansion, 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs: colored sen-ice: table specialty.
ROOMS' AXD DOARD WASTED.
WANTED — Board and rooms for husband and
wlfo ln a private family In the country,
close to city, on car line; small country
borne pref»rred, where they have their own
fruit orchard, chlckena. cows, etc. ; state ac-
commodations and rates. . Box 2939. Call.
WANTED — Two nlc*ly furnished rooma. inert.
era. with good board. In a private family,
for a man and wife. Address box 290.1. Call.
SEWING A1ACHIXE5 AXD SUPPLIES
WE shall clcce cut at once a lot' of shopworn
machines at from $20 to $30 each; they are of
our own make, oractically new; prices ar*
less than half. White Sewing Machine Co.:
call at 300 Post st. or 1941 Fillmore st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use>;
best Is 'cheapest: seoond-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestlo office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See .our new triple-feed rnT
rhin's: slightly used: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $3. $5. $S: all styles; guaranteed. New
Horn* Sewing Maehlne Co.. 1051 Market si
NEW-STYLE Singer. Domestic. White. New
Hone and Automatic; cheap. 1815 Mission.
ITOnAfin AWO WARKHOUSEy. £>
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.. furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. S71.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; Phone East 12th
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. 640
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movtng Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1SH>. Shipping at cut rates.
STfTTERIXr, AXD STAMMKRIXt.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
In evtif .case; Individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cur*.
jrypF.wniTERn axd surrnEa.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith 'Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 CO. The
Typewriting Exchange. 636 California st.
A FEW gocd typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticular* of L. ft M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. ¦> • ¦>¦ «-
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. CO., 608 Market.
HOnSES AXD WAGOXSi Continued.
FOR SALK — Horse. 3 years old; sorrel; gentle
and thoroughly broke to buggy. Box 2917.
_Call office.
Largest asscrtrot 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey. harness. work, driving horses. 10th- Valencia.
] H O U S ES TO LETJ
A— PRINTED lift of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEK & CO.. 20 Montgomery
MCALLISTER, 1200—12 rooms, bath and bil-
liard-room; $C0; water free; modern.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post St.
$16— HOUSE, 6 rocrne. 171 Collins et.; near
Qeary-st. cars. ¦
NOISES TO LET — FL'ItMSUED.
FURNISHED HOUSE TO I.F.T.
Handsomely rumished house of 10 rooms and
bath: bon ton block of Sacramento st.; beau-
tiful KTviund*: larire conservatory; lea&e to
desirable tenant. SPECK & CO.. 209 Mont-
I gomery *t.
! A SPLENDID location; 19 rooms; nicely fur-
ni«h»-d: bargain. 1553 Octavia st..cor.Sutter.
. HOUSCS ri'IlMSHGU FUR SALK.
, Jt7-'. MUST aell to-day; parties going away:
6-roorr.ed house; new furniture. luOtt Gut-
ter st- ,
1 FOR sale— Furniture of 8-room house; very
reasonable. 425 Turk it.
FOR SALE^ — F\jrni«hed house. 9 rooms: bsr-
gatn; clean; going away. 503 Golden Gate av.
LOST AMI POUND.
' LOST— Friday. Scotch pebble brooch, amber
center; valued tta keepsake. Notify 1009
Union at.; reward.
¦ LOST — Gray leather bag cor.taininc purse, 4
rlr.ps. check and papers: reward $50. C. L.
WHITE. 207 O-ocker building.
! LOST — Gray leather bag containing purse, 4
rtnjrs, check and papers. Reward, C. L.
WHITE. 207 Crocker bu'.Mirg.
| MEDICAL.
I LADIES desiring safe, rure and q-ilck relief
j from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods arc always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience ln all
female disorders; call or write without delay;
advice free: correspondence confidential
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
| MRS. DR. WYETIL specialist for alTfemale
complaints and Irresularfties; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 826 Post et.
i MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
rr.a'.e troubles and Irregularities: Instant re-
I'ef guaranteed. 1008H Market St.. opp. 3th.
¦ DR. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
ccmp!atnts; i >;;!¦.-.:> corrected; the unfortu-
rate helped; the most dlfflcult cases treated;
advice Ire*. Office. 1018 Market et.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female ccmplalnts; lnst. relief;
treatment f 10; hours. 10 to 8; 25 years' exper.
j MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private heme before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
| DR. ¦¦•! MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market St.
i DR ROSEN resides 2395 FxMsom st.. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLAXKori FOR SALK.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSHj* WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
does tour roofTleak"?
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
r.«-e<lb no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or chir.gles: best for new roofs
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
T'Jllejs. shafting, etc.. etc.. bought sold,
rented and -xchanped; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Rocf Paint; guaranted
to stop all leaks in the cne and preserve th«
new. 205 Front «.; tel. Malni42S.
A-F1KE suits. $7 3O; dress pants, f/2 M>. Oiigi^
nal Mirflt Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny 1 st..
ne-ax Bush; open to » p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUY!?, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
ALTERATION saie— Best $2 50 hata. Jl SO
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Keamy St., near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon. •
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-fona shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges, n :{d et.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
31-c ROLL and up; fine wall paper: samples
nalW; painting, tintir.g. papering. M. MER-
IOAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. P. V. GAVIN, 803 Hay-
ward bldg.
HMALL gas range; cost $18 50; ln use short
time. 403 Oak st-. ¦
FOR sale — Great Dane young dog. Box 2294.
Call office.
NATIONAL ca«h register, good as new; cheap.
Mil Turk st.
A FINE diarrond ring at a sacrifice. 10 Sixth
street.
EncycWped;a Britannica; Scribner edition; half
morocco. King's Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykee-Corson Co., 254 Beale st.
FOR sale — Piano, music box, organ, buggy. N har-
negs ar.d hay cutter. 422 Orange St., Oakland.
SAFES and carh registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREITMAN. 1329 Market St.
DESKS bought. *old and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 407.
MILEi- of pipe eiid fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE R1LEY & SONS. • 1C9 Vallejo et.
SOME good second-hund gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p., cheep. E. B. Beck A Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap: Chicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Purkg. BACIGALl'PI. 033 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1M6
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER.
V»NN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. i;ul!ard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& C'>.. 122 Market st. ,
GAPOLINE engines, automobiles arid launches;
all sizes. .T. E. DOAK. 49 Fremont St.
APK. for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
M 1 SCK LL AXEO L'S \V A JVTfl.
WANTED — A team for camping; mutt be
sound; Mat" lowest price. Addr<?s box 21.
10UJ Market St.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-o.T
clotMng; eend poital. MORRIS. 913 Folsom.
BOOKS en<l libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
IMii Market St.; phone Jessie 374!i or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical good*. 154 tnh st.: tt-I. Jessie ;m.
)1O\EY TO LOA.V
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-002-V03 Kx-mir.tr Building.
Quick settlrmenu; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
tat*, assignments of rents, property ln trust,
etc. : legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchaEed.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money t
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Mortgage, on real eatate- or
Chattels, ln city, town
cr country.
Low .rate of interest.
Give full particulars.
of property cr chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408, Ca!l of nee.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity; $20 up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
ANY amount quickly en furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.: I
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. CS Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market et.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-bouses, without
security; easy payments; large business In ;
46 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
M. JACOBSON — CO.. financial broken, Emma
Spreckels bldg.. rm. 621; loans and all other
financial matters negotiated; confidential.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and preciou* stones bought
At W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth «V.
SPECIAL. .NOTICES.
LADIES, send you address to 1123 Market st..
8. F.. valuable Information; room 2.
CHEAPEST and best la America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United Stato or Canada one year for $L
ar_ci__i3T»,
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new methods ;1 week'i treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngbam . 204 Sutter »t-
EIRTHS—MARRIA&ES— DEATHS
Birth, marriajre and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices 1 and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sens authorized to have th« ume published.
Voiles restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once ia thla column
free of charge.
BOK.V.
KIRIGIA— In this city March 3. 1304 to tn«
wife of A. Kirigia, a daughter.
McFEELY— In this city. March 4. 1904. to
the wife of B. J. McFeely. a son.
DIED.
Behr. Dr. I Ian* H. Langatadter Cecelia
Bralich. Mary * Macbeth Amanda
Broolui. William F. Meehan. Abble Irene
Chaae, Fannie May Ml'.ler (Infant)
C!ark. Mary E. Nlgro. Fabrizo
Collins. Thomaa Pedlar. Margaret
Cornyn. James Rocks. Fred
Costa. Pedro Ryan. George T.
Coughlln. Margaret Schaumleffel Peter
Douglas. Joseph S;-a'.<ht. George M.
Ferguson, Edward P. Stelaer Sophie
Garrett. Mrs. Mary Sullivan. John
Healy, Daniel Watson. Peter W.
' Horton, Jennie White. John S.
Jones, Evan L. Wise, Caroline
BEHR— In this city. March «. 1904. Dr. Han»
Herman Behr. a native of Koethen. Ger-
niany. a?ed S3 years <J months and IS daye.
t-7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully tnvlted to attend the funeral to-rnorrow
(Tuesday). March 8. at 9 o'clock, from tn»
parlors of (iantner Pros.. 1200 Mission
street, between Eighth and Ninth. th»v-» to
St. Boniface's Church. Golden Oate avenue,
between Jonea and Lcawnworth. whero a
solemn r?<iulem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repoee of his soul, commenc-
ing at U:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross*
Cemetery.
BRALICH— In this city. March 4. 1904. Mary
A., dearly beloved wife of Fred Bralleh, and
devoted mother of Mra. M. Friedman. Mr».
C. A. Glover. Mrs. A. Andrews and Ethel
Bralich. a native of San Frandaco. aged 47
years 8 mon'.ha and 15 days.
ttTFriends and acquaintances are respe<f-
fully Invited to attend the fuh»ral t»-day
• Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 15-TT Mason street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Croesj Cemetery.
BROOKS — In thin city. March 4. 1904. •William
F. Brooks, beloved son of Ann and the lat»
William Brooks, and brother of Peter. Frank.
Joseph, Christopher and the lat* M!cha#!
Brooks. Mrs Mary Allen and Mr». Sarah
Murphy, a native cf New Tork.
C7Frl*»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fulh- invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn A Co.. 214 Eddy
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repca* of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHASE— In this city. March «. 1*M. Fannie
May. d«arly beloved wife of G<Hjrge W.
Chase, and daughter of the late Daniel and
Margaret Haggerty. a native of San Fran-
cisco.
E^Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at 23ir» Washington street.
CLARK— In this city. March «. 19O4. Mary
K . beloved daughter of Catherine and the
late Francis Clark, and slater of Dennis 9.
and James J. Clark, a native of San Fran-
ctsco.
COLLINS — In this city. March «. 1904. Thomaa
Collins, a native of Ireland.
CTNollce of funeral hereafter. Remain*
at the parlors of X. C. O'Connor * Co.. 7«7
Misssion street, between Third and Fourth.
CORNYN— In this city. March 5. 1904. James,
beloved husband of the late Margaret Cor-
nyn. father of Margaret Cornyn. and brother
of Francis Cornyn and Mrs. J. Barry, a na-
tive of County Cavtn, Ireland, aged H2-year«.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Tuesday), at J) o'clock, from hi» late resi-
dence. S25 Battery street, corner of ValJejo,
thence to St. Francis Church, where a
requiem high mass wtll be celebrated for tns
repose of his soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COSTA— In this city. March 5. 19^. Pedro
Costa, beloved father of Joseph. Charles.
Peter. J»nnle nnd the late Colombo, and
Florence Costa, a native of Spain, aged «3
years.
C7Remalns at parlors of Valent*. Marini
& Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
COUGHLIN— In Oakland. Cal.. March ». 1904.
Margaret Ccughlin. beloved wife of the late
John Coughlin. and mother of Joseph L.
Coughltn. a native of County Cork. Ireland,
aged 66 vears.
E7"Frien<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
1 Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1519 Seventh street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem higb
mass will be celebrated for the repose «f
her soul at J> o'clock. Interment St. Mary'*
Cemetery. Oakland.
DOUGLAS— In this city. March 9. 19*U. at
the King's Daughters' Home. Joseph Douglas,
a native of Glasgow, »g*<l 91 years.
FERGUSON— In Sulsun. Cal.. March «. 190*.
Edward P. Ferguson, beloved son of P. J.
and K. U. Ferguson, arid brother of Franc's
M.. Mary G., Catherine C. and Edith F.
Ferguson, a native of Pinole. Cal.. aged 21
years 7 month* nnd 27 days.
C7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attenj the funeral, which
will take place Tuf«.'iay. March 8, from St.
Alphonsus Church. Suiaun, at 7 a. m.. wher*
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
reroae cf his soul, thence by train to Six-
teenth street. Oakland. arriving at 10
•'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland
GAP.RETT— The anniversary requiem mass
for the repnae of thf soul of Mr«. Mary Gar-
rett will be celebrated on Tuesday, March
8, at St. Mary's Cathedral, commencing at
9 o'clock.
HEALY— In thl* city. March «. 15K>«. Dantel.
beloved husband of Mary E. Healy. a nativs
of Klllarney. County Kerry, aged 73 year*
1 month and 3 days.
HORTON— In Oakland. March «, 19^4. at the
Hotel Metropole. Jennie, beloved wife ef A.
E. Horton. and mother of M. Adell. Hasel
B. and Jc^sallns M. Horton, it native of
Laporte. Ind.
JONES— In this city. March 5. 1004. Evan L..
beloved son <«f Hugh L. and I-'rei.ia Jones,
grandson of Mrs. M. Duttke, and nephew of
Richard. Clara. Elsie an. I Freddie Duttke. a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 months and
1 day.
CTFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funerm! to-day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of th« parents. 551 Fourth street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LANGSTADTER— In this city. March 3. 19"4.
Cecelia Langstadtrr, beloved daughter of
the late Sellgman and Jeanetie Lanjfstadter.
and Idolized sister of Isaiah S . Daniel.
Pauline. Adeline and l.lllie Langstadter. a.
native of New York City.
CTFrlenda and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1460 O'Farrell street. Interment
Home of Peace Ctmetery. by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
at 11:13 o'clock.
MACBETH— In this city. March B. 1904,
Amanda, beloved wife of D. N. Macbeth,
and mother of Mrs. W. I. Day and Frank
D. Macbeth, a native cf Oregon, aged M
years.
C7Frlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday).' at .1:30 o'clock, at the chapel of
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MEEHAN— In this city. March 4. 1904. Abble
Irene, uearlv beloved daughter of Charles
and Henrietta Meehan, and sister of Charles
W.. Oecrge II- and the late Ulysses O.
Meehan.
f_TThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the family
residence. 1819 Vallejo street, thence to St.
Luke's Church, Van Ne*« avenue and Clay
street. Interment strictly private. Cypress)
Lawn Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city. March 3. 1904 Infant
son of James and Alma Miller, a native of
San Francisco.
NIGP.O— la Oakland. March 4. 1904. Fabrizo.
beloved husband of Ellen Nlzro. and father
of Madeline Nlgro. a native of Genoa, Italy,
aged 78 years and 4 months.
C*"The funeral wtll take place Monday.
March 7. at 0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. S3) Center street, betwtea Seventh
and Eighth, thence to St. Patrick's Church.
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
' Continncd on Page Twehrc
James McGinn. Henry Hanseo.
JAMES McOINN A CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
Funeral Directors and Embulmerm— —
214 Eddy St.: Tel. 800th 87«.
REAL ESTATE— CITY--FOR A*-?;?.'
$10,S50— 3 SWELL, flats, not yet completed, but
rented for $1200 per year; 7th-ave. boulevard,
Nos.760-2-4, near Fultcn St.; 16 minutes from
City Hall; all-night car service; every possi-
ble latest improvement: 25x120. Apply on
premises, from 1 to 4.
I WANT to buy
2 vacant lots or
A house nnd lot
ln the Punsft District.
.State location and price.
Box 2032. Call office.
REDUCED from $2500 to $1SOO to make a
quick sale: cottage o* 5 rooms and bath; on
Shotwell st.: can get a loan of $1400. D.
COFFIN & CO., S303 Mission st.
$35CO— 2 NICE flats, 4-5 rooms; modern; high
basement; brick foundation; nice barn; san-
itary plumbing: on Sanchez St., near Twenty-
ninth. Box 2291, Call.
BUILD on ycur unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. an<l part lot at 6 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$150 — LOTS near Mission road; $3 down, $1
weekly; no interest. JACOB HEYMAN.
PLUMBING, new or old; estimates given.
AIILBACH & MAYER. M0 Howard tt.
REAL ESTATE— Country— -For Sale.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
foO.000— Klarcath Co.. Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on Big Klamath Lake; 3000 acres: cut
about 3200 tons of hay annually; also large
quantities of gratn; well fenced and cross-
fenced; good 8-room residence; farming Imple-
ments; 10 horses; 3 good barns, etc.
$10.000 — In Sonoma Co.; WJO acres well fenced
tn 3 fields; bouse; 3 large barns; dairy house;
well watered; 200 acres tillable; all level; 24
acres 8-year-old orchard; 30 head cattle; 20
hogs; farming implements, etc.; $5000 mort-
gage ; trade for bay property.
$27,000 — In Placer Co., on R. R. — 18S0 acres,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry 1
400 head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 good
barns; farming Implements; CO head cattle; 12
head horses: plenty water to Irrigate; part cash.
$8500 — Sold by order of Superior Court, 10S0 I
acres, near Point Arena. 200 acres fine potato '
land; apple orchard; 500 acres more could b« I
planted; 300 acres heavy timber; well im-
proved and fenced; fine dairy or stock ranch.
$5000 — Best ranch In Southern Oregon; S20
acres; 2 eets good Improvement; well fenced;
orchard; S horces; farming tools; outside range. 1
$.'1.'i0A — Only 2 miles of town. 155 acres; 10 I
ayes old vineyard; family orchard; 60 acres ;
clover or alfalfa; under 3 ditches: large new
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows; 2 good horses; farming Im-
plements: only $1000 down.
$250<V-160 acres near boat and cars. Sonoma
Co.; good 6-rooni house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry, $200;
Job can be had with tbe place.
$.»C00— One mile P. O.. schools and stores;
256 acres; 40 level; 10 could be Irrigated;
house, large barn, outhcuses; well fenced and
cross-fenced: )50 hens; new buggy, wagon,
farmtng tools; 20 head cattle; 3 wells; water
piped to buildings: furniture.
$4S00 — Two and half miles live town and
R. R. : 400 acres; 40 ln grain on creek. ab->ut
100 acres more bottom land: 10 acres full bear-
Ing orchard: balance timbered pasture; hou«a.
barn, etc.: fine place for resort or sanitarium;
not fat- from city.
$5000—3 mllte of Santa Cruz, 47 acres; 18
under cultlvntion, balance fine pasture; 3C5
• Fsortetl fruit trees; 15 *> prapes; windmill and
tank: water piped to buildings and yards;
splendiil 8-room hard finlbhed house, good
ttehle and poultry houses; span good horse*; 2
cows; 7 dozen hens; single and double buggies
and harnece; hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
$2650 — 160 acres, 8 miles of Napa City, 2
inlks P. O.: 30 acres under cultivation; 13
acres full bearing fruH; 15 acres fine grain;
t!5 acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky; house, barn, poultry houses.
Incubator, brooders. 2 wagons. 2 carts, horse,
cow. poultry, tools.
$30uO— 1C0 ceres, at station and near Santa
Cruz, 33 acres clear; orchard; 10-room house;
outbuilding*: mortgage $2000; trade equity.
$3500 — Near San Jose, 14 acres bearing fruit,
mostly prunes; facilities for Irrigation; build-
ings.
$.<260— 20 acres sandy loam, only 2 and a half
miles of Petaiuma; house, a rooms and bath:
part cash.
$750— Gold mine, with shaft and One body
of ore in sight. El Dorado Co.; would exchange
for vacant lot.
$1200 — 20 acres, near Sebastopol. Sonoma
Co.; tS acres clear; 4 acres bearing apples;
runnlnir stream: buildings; rich candy loam;
easy terms.
$2250— Hest equipped poultry farm In the
State: 12 acres rich valley land, 2 miles of
Calistoga; furnlture.^poultry. stock, wagons,
tools; all go. - "
$1900 — Near Sebastopol: 10 acres; orchard,
berries; pasture; fenced 3 or 4 fields; easy
terms.
$1^00-^-240 acres, 5 miles of Soledad, 5 acres
bearing crcharJ. 10 acres bearing grapes, 40
acr's bottom land; house, barn, packing-house,
tools; water piped to buildings and pasture;
equity ?>>00; to exchanK*.
80 acres; 15 creek bottom: fruit, grapes,
berries, buildings; cne mile town; tools; $C00.
(¦end *tamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITK. 20 Montgomery St.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
SONOMA County— For pale as a whole or ln
subdivision?, cne of the best known proper-
ties In Sonoma County, and situated in the
heart of the beautiful Sonoma Valley: proper-
ty consists of 145 acres of orchard, meadow
and jiasture lands, a beautiful home of 3
rooms and bath, with all modern improve-
ments; close to railroad depot; very reason-
able prices.
Sonoma County— To be sold at a sacrifice,
by order of the owner, now In Europe; an
Ideal home and ranch In the prettiest part of
the Sonoma Valley: 10 acres in full b?arin;
vines and fruit trees; S acres prettily tijn-
b^red hill land running down to Sonoma Creek:
house of 8 rooms; all modern improvements ;
beautifully situated; only half a mile from
railroad station.
Los Oatos — We have several beautiful homfcs
fcr sale In this lovely spot at reasonable fig-
ures; all of them will bear the fullest In-
vpftizatlon.
Napa County — 103 acres near Napa: 15 acre*
full-bearing orchard: rsnch all fenced: gaud
soil: 7-room houtie; large barn, etc.: all Im-
provements first-class: al! farming implements.
stock, etc.. go with the place.
Placer County — A bargain; offer wanted: 20-
acre full-bearing orchard, close to Penryn.
with abundance of water, nice hous?. large
barn, fenced: anxious to sell for family reasons;
this is really a Food buy.
We advertise choice properties only.
BOARDMAN RROS. & CO..
l.TS Montsornery st.
SPECIAL OFFERINGS.
$4150 — 415 ncres of land located 6 miles north
of Auburn. Placer County, having a frontage
* of 1 milt* on Hear River. wh»re some of the
richest . rtredplng claims are now being oper-.
ated fjr gold: 120 acres choice fruit ,and
grain land cleared: balance a« Rood, but un-
cleared; nil well fenced and plenty of wood
and wafer; owner would exchange and pay
' cash difference.
$19.000 — Stock, dairy and hay farm of 2500
Rcres fiO mll<>s from this city; 12S0 acres
deeded land, balance under lease; 750 acres ln
growing hay. balance slichtly rolling pasture
producing immense quantities of natural grass-
es; abundance of watfr; all fenced and cross
fenced; fine Improvement*, house, large barn,
corrals etc. : Including leases, rrowlng crops
and all farming tools; price reduced to close
out a copartnership; investigate thls.v as It
must be sotd.
CHATFIELD & VINZENT.
228 Montgomery st., S. F.
FOR sale — Country homes In every county in
California, at all prices, from $.150 00 to
$-75,000 CO. Immense list to select from. If
you want land of any kind call on
HOWE & MERRITT,
952 Broadway, Oakland.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues icnt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 64S
Market st.
I'OI.VT K I CH M ">'P n K *}'. rc ST4TE
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
. maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
i*Kor<is.t).g.
SAX FRANCISCO, Cal., March 4. 1904.—
Sealed proposals, ln triplicate, will be re-
' celved at this office until 11 a. m.. Monday,
April 4. 1904, and then opened for "Doing
all the prlntinc and furnishing all material
theretor that may be required at Headquar-
ters Pacific Division and Headquarters De-
partment of California during the necal year
t-ndinr June 30, 1005. Preference will be
clven to articles of domestic production or
manufacture, conditions of quality .ind price
(Including in the price of foreign produc-
tions or manufacture the duty thereon), be-
ing equal. Th« . United States reserves the
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
In whole or in part. Information furnished
on application to undersigned. Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked
"Proposals -for Printing," and adi]rc«*.ed to
WM. S. PATTEN. • Assistant Quartermaster
General. U. S. A-. Chief Quartermaster.
STEEL Tank. Tower and Pumping Plant.— Of-
fice Depot Quartermaster, San Francisco,
Cal March 7. 1904.— Sealed proposals. In
triplicate will be received at this office until
12 o'clock M., March 31. 1904, for the com-
nlete construction of a steel tank, tower and
pumping plant at Fort William McKlnley.
, near Manila. P. I. -The United Statea re-
' serves the right to accept or reject any or all
proposals or any part thereof. Specifications
and blank proposals furnished on application.
Plans for tank and tower may be «»en at
this office. Envelope containing proposals
should be marked "Proposal for Tank, &c,"
and addret*ed to Major C. A. Devol, Quar-
termaster. U. 8. Army, Dtpot Quartermaster.
J!IliJ^~^TCD- : MA^
MURRAY & READY. C34-<JT.<5 Oay st
, . r/TPboot Main _S4S.
-racing Employment _r.d Labor Arents.
REDUCED RATES.
•v-i-*-.~ CHEAP FARES.
ADA.-
, . TO NEVADA STATE.
c^nr*. <_a: • Corerz-scst w.sk. 8 hrs. Cay.
~J tearrjste-.. _h>j> to-night. $2 day.
i<» labortr*. chlji to-ri'.gfct.
Iicrkraen, drivers. Irrigation .Itch.
NEVADA STATE.
GOVKRNMENT WORK.
" . f=IMP TO-NIGHT.
MINERS. TUNNEL—EN. D-UU-ERS.
»> rr.Ech'.nc driller*, tunnel and op.-n-cui work
in State of Nevada, good wages, see boss
here; rt machine miners, e^ld mine, CiU.. $*>;
A rr.ir.crs, hand work, gold mine. - $S2 50;
r^-k breaker rr.an. $73; skip tender. $75;
tiru!*T man. $S0; concentrator mar., $»'); tool
fr.arpener and blarksrr.i-.h. small mine.
TO ARIZONA.
FHIP TO-NIUHT.
rrV*? 5° Pr *»^ ot «- S*1O miles. $9 10
r r * .aborer.. drillers, rockiren. etc.
Fr**?ctt. Arliorm. ship dail'A
READ THESE.
CAREFULLY.
ft !ar-->rcrs. *_-amill e ... iw and found: car-
penter and wheelwright ranch: r. miner*,
•nia.l o_*ti rr.lne. ,$»<> £ _<i found; stableman,
private- place. $30 and found; tinsmith, fac-
tory, near city. $_ day; drill ehari->r.er.
mine. teamster. mine, $35 and found:
*.ausrr.ter butciier, ranch, near city: 2<>
wooachrtpper*, *«* bo«» hero; lunch cock,
rtloon. cut.trv, $45 and Tound; tareier and
wife C. C. Co.. f»i) ar.d f^und- boy to Wrn
ti> wait at t_Me. $25 ami ;.-_nd; » milkers.
¦ _«m» dairy, tS(.» and found; ranch cexk. tare
II Z\ tZO ar.d found: S ilow teamstrrs. fare
$_. fSO and found: c»>r:.ent flnlsher. ?4 to day;
butcher, country, -hop. *40 and found: s*c-
or._ baker. *40 aai fnur-1: laundryraan. Tyler
rr-achlr.e, $12 week; 4 _hcr»b.y», near city.
$15 cr.^four.d; < hownan. pmate place, bow
here, $30 _ni found; farmf-r and wife, good
Job. south. $45 ar.d found; married gardener.
*4 r « and house: 3 elevatcr boy«. city: cooks,
waiters, kitchen hands an. dishwasher*, 25
'arrrMyy. milkers and choremen. MURRAY
* READY. C-4-<3fl Clay ft.
WANTED— For U. S. _nry. aole-bcfi'.-d un-
ir._rr;ed mer. between ages of 21 and 15;
citizens of United States, cf go<jd character
ar.d ttjrperate habits. » ho can speak. r*ad
ar* »tii« eiig'.tsh. For tlormitlon apply to
Recru:tln« Officer. Riaito building. New
y.fT.tgcinery Ft.. San Francisco, cr 1023 Sec-
end «t.. __crarr»r.t?
TTA NTED— F'.r^-clafu si!k *n. drees gods
Mi*«rr.En; T.e capable of taking charge of
r;r>rk s.r:d who Is willing to ca to a city not
far from Faa Francisco. Apply between 9
_nd 11 a, m.. at HALE BROS."
TKT «~ur men's ehoez. union made, at fl ar.d
>: "¦*¦¦ rer pair, foot -form shoes at $2 T>V or
<--thcpe_lc -hoes.J3 SO: best shoes on earth. 11
TT.'.ri tx.. Ex-m. blag . 3 door* from Market.
WANTErv— JarJor clerk ln drug nor*. InT
<;-!re IT* a. re.. NE. comer EUf» anl Mason.
DOT. If; trcng. «r___c 53s Washirurton «t.
WANTED— Y.->uth fW a flower More Apply
at .;1T Fvtt.-r «.
r>I5HWAFHER; young man who understands
* iitrie ftbeut waiting. 2.V* First st.
. BARBER— Phcrt hours. 44 OFarrell st.
.TOOTHS to w.<rk in factory; eteady work »r1
• ray. 520 Market «.
BARBERS — 3-chair etiop ft-T sale; cheap. «07
I4ef_r.a *:., n*ar Hayes.
TWO-CHAIR t-crlxr shor> for ea>: r<nt : 7.
__Apply 222 'Jouch «... near F*ll.
BARBER?, take notice — The office cf secre
tary and Fr-e Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 9 City Hall f<j.. or 1E04 Market et.
Journeymen Barbers" Union. Local 14S. JOS.
R. BLEILT. Se<ret_ry.
WANTED— Men and women to learn the bar- j
ber tr_d» in th» rr.ost practical schocl; po,
HUons found. WESTERN COLLEGE OF
UARRER5. C47 Commercial st.
WANTKD — LaSo— n> « n d m-chanics to know
that Ed H .''¦.:n. R»no Hooee proprietor. ha»
added ir-Q new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third «. ; 250 ro«~m»; 25.' tn 50c per night.
WANTED— A boy about 13 years old. Apply
at PHftEVE ar CO.*fl factory. *03 Market
st.: must have good references.
. V.'ANTED — Touas man who is a first-class
shoe eaJeeman and who hes jr.xxi loc_i ref-
erences. Apply bc_ 2311. Call office.
GOOD, energetic man to handle apeney d'part-
rr»-nt for a reliable institution. Adirese b.;x
_n.Vi. Call.
¦STARTED — First-class t>olicltnrs for perma-
nent business: excellent opportunity; must
furnUh references. Box 2332. Call.
<~'FT1CE bo>- wanted: about 14 yrars old: good
t>^sltion for neat, bright boy. Apply super-
intendent'* offlee. The Emporium.
150 YOUNG men. 18 years of age. to organize
military creanixatica. Call 9. SZAXIK. i'i
Valencia St.. between 6 and S p. m.
BARBERS— Two or 3 chair r-hep •x_rit«>.1. — i!h
living rooms. Address Call box 20. luO* Mar-
et.
AGENCIES for every city cf the Uniin for the
Marquis Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms. 114
Port «... Par. Francisco, C*J.
PENSION ATTT.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st: 14
year.' practice; reTer*nce« from thousands of
per*crs for whom I have secured pensions. I
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and |
$1 50 pair: f/-«-.t-?orm rho*"* at $2 50; we pay j
express or - . :: chare**- 11 "¦ ' -t.. Exaci. bid.
V/ANTED — Good solicitors. National Mercan-
tile Co ; ca!l room 214 Starr K!ng bldg.
Cn_PfD__tt and Btlatca feeders wanted. SUS-
PREPS. Market and Ttmta st_.
BOY in drugstore. 43. Oough st.
YOT'NG rr.en. «a!lom ar.d green hands for
ftearners. SIT Jaokzon ft.
YOUNG men. aailorm. blacksmiths, carpenter.,
_r»e:t hunds. for sh!ps. DENTS. 26 Steuart.
PANTSMAKER for country- Apply REIH3
Er.O?. & CO.. 24 Butter *t.
MAN to do Jsnltcr work for tuition ln S. F.
H«rb»r School. 7*1 Howard «_
i'T.ww. At:y.. E. A. EbaXtU, r. 4O. Phflan b'.dg.
Pstt Crrr.. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WTSfCHKSTER Hotel, 44 Third »t.. near Mar-
ket— TOO T'jcrzs; .V.c nisht: reading-rooms;
free '.us, ar.d barpage to ar.d from ferry.
A BRANCH effi- e of The Call for the reception
t-t advert !«ements and subi>crlpt!ons has been
opened at IOCS Market «t., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. ra.
ADVERTISEMENT?. s_b5cr!ptior:s. received at
Call Uranch office, cor. Duncan & Church st».
ALL s'.res rne-.'« shor-s. sliehtly damaged, half
price. f.f-J Mif&^n St.. bet Ttt and 2d eta.
1ET your shoes half -soled while waiting: 2.V
?o W-. ,v;t Mission St.. N-t. 1st and 2d sts
ETZ.F WArrrE-)— SALESMEN.
' SALESMAN wanted to sell patent article,
alto 5tate and county. w!th right to manu-
facture; principal feature an excellent ad-
vertl-inf me.Jlurn; big money for a man of
rer.ume ability. Address P. O. box 114,
South Berkeley.
\VH want four br'ght canvassers to learn to
.ell White sewing machines; salary and pre-
mium to iive men. Apply from K to 8 a. m.
and S to C p. m. at S0O Post St., White 6ew- '
lev Machine Company.
DORSES AXD WAGOXs!
REGULAR ouct;on sales of horres. bucxies.
wagons and harness every ".r. ! jv _t 11
' o'clock at CIS Ellis st.; all horses guaranteed
to be as represented. 8. WATKINi?, Auc-
tioneer. Phcne Hart 743.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m., 227 Sixth rt.; every riorse must be
a. represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR eale — A fine large driving or harnexs horse:
1-H hands ..:„:. sound; bay, black
points: sold without a fault. Inquire of 62?
II*l£ht street ftables.
ONE 4-tori platform, gear springs and wheels
and axles; SO buflneu buggies: rubber tire
read buggies and surrey. 1504 Folsom ft.
WANTED — A good, eound driving horse for
city use: etate age and price asked. . Box
2994. Call office.
HORSE for sale 7 years old: good, true work-
er; 1200 lbs. Box 232.. Call office.
FOR SALE — Light delivery wagon, used very
little. Box ...2. Call office.
I WILL give pasture to two horses for the
__e ef one; light .riving. Box 2942. Call.
WANTED — To buy a light business burgr;
must be ln good condition. Box 2964, CaXL
A LIGIfT grocery wagon for eaie cheap. 121.
Pierce «t.
AUCTTOIf every Tuesday, 11 a. m., of horeea,
w-agons and harnesw, at 1140 Folsom *t. j
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
-->- so-cfcrl for _a>, cbeasu - bSZ Ulaalos «U
SA ttH ed . THE CALL CAN RENDER YOU THIS SERVICE:Americans often growl because, on
arrival in Berlin, they are obliged to
register and have their names sent to
police headquarters. But the system
has its advantage, even to them, as
when wrongly directed letters are sent
to , the police station and thence for
warded to ; the ; right address. — Ex
change. ...7 , —^
Advantage of an Inconvenience.
Italy has 95.701 acres of orange and
emon groves containing 16,730,307 trees.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
NOTE — The bUh and low waters occur at
the ci;y front (Mission- street wharO. about 28
United States ' Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of t Uigh and Low Waters
et Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Publlshnd by official authority of the
Superintendent. Tmiumi 1 jhlll Wil.llJ'Jaflgi*^
Her. .Willard Klcc Dead
PHILADELPHIA, March" 6.— Rev.
Dr. Willard Rice, author of .many
Presbyterian works, is dead, aged 87
years.
There are more than 17,000 machine
tending operatives In Lowell, Mass.,
caring for 838,000 spindles and earning
over $500,000 a month in wages.
Prominent Cincinnati- Banker Dead.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, March 6. — ¦Wil
liam Austin Goodman Sr., president of
the National Lafayette Bank and
largely connected with v other enter
prises, died to-day, aged 81.
To what extent authors, playwrights
and, above all. Journalists, are recruited
from a different class of society than
h?re in the United States, and how
ignorant they are as a class of the
usages among well-bred people, is
amusingly Fhown by the pious horror
and indignation which has been ex
tensively expressed in print at the "Im
pertinence" of Joseph Chamberlain in
ivritingr lo the Duke of Devonshire as
"My Dear Devonshire," in lieu of
giving him his title, in the recently
published correspondence between the
two statesmen in connection with the
affairs of the Liberal Unionist Associa
tion. No account seems to be taken of
the fact that the Duke and Mr.
Chamberlain are of about the same
age, and have been not merely close
poljtical allies but warm and intimate
personal friends for sixteen or twenty
*-ears past. It is therefore just as
natural that Chambeclain should drop
Jie title in addressing the Duke as that
:h» latter should dispense with the
•1\t." in writing to the former Secre
tary of State for the colonies.—Balti
more American.
Class Customs in England
KANSAS CITY. March 6.— William
Henry Craddock, former Mayor of
Kansas . City, Kan., and Democratic
candidate for Governor of 'Kansas in
1902, died here yesterday, after a two
days' illness.* He was born in Illinois
k in 1851.
Kansas Democrat of Xote Is Dead.
A thunder storm is reported from Eureka.
The following high 'winds are reported:
Tatoosh Island, 48 miles per hour, from the
east; North Head. 46, from the south, and
Winnemucca. 32, from the' southwest.
There has been a slight but general rise in
temperature over the Pacific Slope.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 7:
Northern California— Monday, cloudy, with
showers In north portion; fair In south por
tion; light southerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light
west wind. ' ,
Nevada — Cloudy Monday; probably showers
in north portion.
San Francisco and vlctnlty — Cloudy Monday;
probably showers; litrht southerly wind. .
O. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster.
Cloudy weather prevails over tha Pacific
Slope and Hsht rain has fallen from San Fran
cisco Bay northward.
The storm over British Columbia Saturday
has moved -rapidly eastward and is being fol
lowed by another storm which Is central off
the Washington coast to-night.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
March 7.
Arctic...... Humboldt 8 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
Curacao.... Mexican Ports ... 10 am Pier 11
March 8.
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm PJer 10
Chico Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Spokane.... Humboldt li30pPler »
Oregon Astoria & Portland|ll am|Pl<!r 24
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.l 9 am Pier 11
March 9.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
March 10.
8. Monica. ¦• Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth... Coqutlle River B pm Pier 20
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 8 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 «m Pier 11
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor..... 3 pm Pier 2
March 11.
Centralla... Grays Harbor.. 4 pm Pier 10
Pomona Humboldt 1 30 p Pier 9
Senator Puget Sound Ports. (11 amlPier 24
March 13.
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcvo 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport A Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Peru N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
March 13.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
March 14.
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma 10 am Pier 20
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier 20
March 15.
Alliance.... Eureka & Cooa B. 5 pm Pier 16
March 16.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE. i
Steamer. For. Sails.
Humboldt. .., Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 10
Dolphin Skagway & "Way Ports. Mar. 10
Dlrigo Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 10
Portland Valdez & -Way Ports.. Mar. 10
Dora Dutch Hrbr via ValdezlMar. 15
Cottage City. ' Skarway te Way Ports. (Mar. 16
Santa Ana... Valdez & Way Ports. ,j Mar. lii
Ttamona..... Rkagway & Way Ports. I Mar. 18
J. Dollar..... Valdez & Seward (Mar. 20
SANTA BARBARA, March 6.—Ed
ward A. Driver, for many years a
member of the Chicago Board of Trade,
died at his home in Monteclto Saturday
evening after an illness of several
weeks. Driver was a resident of River
side, 111., but had made Santa Bar
bara his winter home for several years
past. His wife and daughter were
with him. Driver was 63 years of age.
Death of a Former Chicago Merchant.
a 3 B 0 2 5
I I! II K§ 1% I
STATIONS. 5 1 3 ?B :» f £
: c c : ~ : §
: ? ? : : :
Baiter 30. 04 4S ¦ 42 RW Rain .OH
Carton 30.12 «2 42 S Cloudy .00
Kureka 30.12 Hi S8 ' RW Cloudy .26
Farallon 30. IS 57 M! SB Foggy .14
Fresno 30.16 72 r>2 N Clear .00
Flagstaff ....2!>.lMi 62 2« E Cleaf. .00
Independence .HO. 04 70 44 SE Cloudy .CO
Los Angeles.. 2^. 0« 78 52 W Cloudy .00
Mt. Tamalpai?30.22 04 42 W Pt.Cldy .1H
North Head.. .20.76 .10-44 S Rain .28
Phoenix 20.90 84 46 W Pt.Cldy .00
Portland .... .2S.82 *>S 60 SW Rain .54
Pt. Reyes..:. .30.14 !U 48 8E Foggy .51
Red Blurt! 30.18 Jl« 50 S Rain .4tt
Roseburg 29.1)4 «2 30 SW Rain - .14
Sacramento,.. 30. 18 62 f>2 S Cloudy .16
Salt Lake..:. .30.04 0* 42 SW Pt.Cldy .00
San Francisco.»0.2O C2 .10 S Pt.Cldy .08
S. L. Obispo..r.0.12 70 48 N Pt.Cldy .00
San Diego 2!). 98 70 .12 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle 20.76 4S 42 E Rain .16
Spokane 20.02 44 40 SE Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 29.62 42 40 E Rain .18
Walla Walla. 20. 88 €0 4S SE Cloudy .20
Wlnnemucca .30.04 B2 42 SW Cloudy T.
i Yuma 20.90 8S 56 NW Pt.Cldy .00
REDDING, March 6.— Mrs. A. J.
Gage, who would have been 92 years
of age had she lived until the 23d
lnst., died last night at the home of
her daughter, Mrs. "W. L. Carter, in the
town of Shasta. Mrs. Gage was an
aunt of F. M. Swasey, Registrar of the
.Redding Land Office and publisher of
the Redding Free Press, and the
grandmother of Lloyd Carter, Re
ceiver of the Redding Land Office and
publisher of the Shasta Courier, the
'second oldest paper in California. Mrs.
Gage had lived in Shasta County fifty
years. The funeral to-morrow at
Shasta will be attended from all parts
of the county by friends of the pioneer
la.dy. 0
Passing of a Pioneer Woman.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 6— Stmr Hekla,
from Copenhagen. Chrlstlanla and Christian
sand; stmr Italia, from Genoa, Leghorn and
Naples; stmr Florla. from Genoa, Naples and
Azores: .
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived March 6— Stmr
Philadelphia, from New I York.
Sailed March 6 — Stmr ' Blucher, from Ham
burp, for New York. - . .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 6— Stmr Cevic.
from New York. . ¦ y
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed March 6— Stmr
Umbria. from Liverpool for New York.
GLASGOW—Salled March 6— Stmr Astoria,
for New York.
HONOLULU— Sall«d March 5— Stmr Si
beria, for San Francisco: stmr . China for
Hongkong; bktn Chehalls. for Willapa Harbor
KAHULUI— Sailed March 5— Bark Foohng
Suoy, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ISLAND PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEKD— Sailed March 6— Br
ship Pass of KUliecrankle, for Iquique.
Arrived March 6— Schr James Rolph. hence
Feb 28.
SEATTLE — Arrived March 6— Stmr Hum
boldt. hence March 3.
Salledf March 6— Stmr Farallon. for Skag
way; stmr Centennial, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed March 6 — Stmr Lakme,
for San Francisco.
BANDON— Sailed March 6 — Stmr Elizabeth,
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived March 6—
Stmr Santa - Barbara, hence March 4.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 6— Schr
Robert Lewers. from Port Townsend.
ASTORIA — Arrived March 6 — Stmr Aurella,
hence. March 3; stmr Alliance, from Coos Bay.
CLALLAM — Anchored in bay March 6 Br
bark Ancenia. from Tacoma, for Fremantle.
TATOOSH— Passed in March 6— Stmr
Mackinaw, hence 'March 3 for Tacoma; stmr
Portland, hence March 3 for Seattle.
Passed out March 6— Nort «tmr Tellus, for
San Francisco; ochr Irene, for San Pedro; U
S stmr Heather, for Astoria. .
DOMESTIC PORTS
POINT LOBOS. March 8. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind south; velocity 6 miles per hour.
ARRIVED,
Sunday, March 6.
Stmr Brooklyn. Johnson, IS hours from Men
doclno.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen, 18 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Alcatraz. Carlson. 42 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson. 63 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Spokane, Nopander, 19 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Gipey, Leland, 19 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Newburg. Anflndsen. 42 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Geo Loomle, Badger, 89 hours from
IVhatcom.
Strcr Maggie. Coming. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
SAILED.
Sunday, March 6.
Nor fttmr Titania. Egenes. Nanalmo.
Nor stmr Hero, Syvertsen, Ladysmith.
Stmr Santa Ro«, Alexander, San Diego.
fitmr Greenwood. Thompson. Albion.
Stmr Umatilla. Patterson, Seattle and Vic
toria.
Stmr Tledondo, Krog. Ajstoria.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Melville Dollar, Fosen. Seattle.
Stmr Montara. Reilly, Tacoma.
Stmr Jeanie, Downing, Seattle.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Kurcka.
Wh stmr Thrasher, Macomber. whaling
Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson. Honolulu.
8chr Ida A. Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Allen A, Zenthen. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Shipping Intelligence.
MONDAY. MARCH 7.
Sun rises 6 :32
Sun sets 6:09
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
rj iTlmel ITlme Timel Tlmel
J» I 1 Ft. j 1 Ft. ( 1 Ft. 1 Ft.
S |H W| [L W| |H W| [L W|
7 3:15 B.4I 9:57 0.8 4:37 4.1 9:37 2.6
8 4:03 5.2 11:03 0.8 5:55 4.0 10»42 3.0
9 5:06 5.112:12 0.7 7:09 4.0 11:52 3.1
10 6:12 6.0 1:10 0.6 8:17 4.2
L. W H W L. W H W
11 1:06 3.1 7-:13 «.O 2:rc» O.B 9:07 4.4
12' 2:0r» 3.0 8:13 BO 2:47 0.3 9:50 4.6
13 2:55 2.8 9:03 5.0 3:32| 0.4|10:2S 4.7
NOTE — In the above exposition of the. tides
the early morning: tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time: tha
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occur*. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the chart?. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Del Xorte Crescent City [Mar. 7
Spokane Humboldt |Mar. 7
Chas. Nelson San Pedro (Mar. 7
San Pedro Grays Harbor Mar. 7
State of Cal..| San Diego & Way Pts.JMar. 7
Eureka j Humboldt Mar. 7
Empire | Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 8
Lakme ! San Pedro Mar. 8
Elizabeth | Coqullle River Mar. 8
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. 8
Alameda Honolulu Mar. 8
Porno Point Arena & Albion . Mar. 8
Iaqua San Pedro Mar. 9
Czarina Coos Bay rv Mar. 9
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 9
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Mar. 9
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 9
¦Wyefield N'anaimo Mar. 10
Missouri Hakodate Mar. 10
Chehalls San Pedro Mar. 10
S.Monica Kan Pedro Mar. 10
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Mar. 10
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 10
Mariposa Tahiti Mar. 10
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Mar. 10
S. Dollar Hakodate I Mar. 10
<5. Urdauer.. Portland & Astoria Mar. 30
Sequoia Willapa Harbor Mar. 11
Ccntralla San Pedro Mar! 11
San Juan New York via Panama. Marl 11
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 11
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 11
Siberia China & Japan Mar" 12
CliyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports. ... Mar! 12
Alaskan New York Mar, 12
Coos Bay.... San Pedro A Way Ptg.JMar. 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. IMar. 13
Xevadan Honolulu & Kahulul. . Mar. 1.1
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Mar. 14
Jear.ie Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 14
Oregon Portland & Astoria. .. .|Mar. 15
Colon New York via Panama. [Mar! 16
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) ./
SAX FRANCISCO. March 6, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and the rainfall in the last twenty-four
h0Ur8: Lwt Thi. Lwt
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
•Fnreka. 0.26 41.86 42. 4A
leS el Siuff •:::::::.::: o.5s ?i . 10 is.m'
Sacramento 0.16 16.97 12.15
San Francisco 0.08 13.23 1^.69
Fresno 0.00 3.8tt 6- 0 **
Independence" 0.00 1.66 1.82
San Lula Oblspo »>.00 8.C6 18.19
Lo, Angeles 0.00 3.22 9.8S
San Diego 0.00 1.93 ».63
Weather Report.
Jlovements of Steamers.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamship
Alajneda will b« due to-morrow from Hono
lulu.
Alameda Due Tuesday.
SALINAS, March 6. — Thomas
Pierce, a painter, and for thirty-five
years a resident of Chualar, while at
supper last night gasped for breath
and fell from his chair. Before medi
cal aid could be procured he expired.
Deceased was a native of Xewton,
Kans., aged 63 years, and was a war
veteran In receipt of a pension. He
leaves a wife in Kansas and two sons
in Marysvllle. The Coroner held an
Inquest and the verdict was death
from heart trouble.
Thomas Pierce of Chnalar Expires
Before Medical Aid Can Be
Summoned.
WAR VETERAN FALLS
DEAD WHILE DINING
Will Be an Oil Burner.
The steamship Columbia Is receiving a thor
ough overhaullns from stem to etern and is
being fitted out with oil burning furnaces.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
steamship Curacao will sail to-day . at 10
o'clock for Mexican porte. Sh« carries an un
usually large cargo of general merchandise.
Curacao Will Sail To-Day.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company f s
steamship Algoa will probably sail on the 10th
for the Orient. She will take & great cargo
that will load her down to the line. It will
consist to a larjre extent of hay and flour.
Algoa Will Take Big Cargo.
The Collector of the Port of New Or
leans has made public the figures show
ing the total foreign commerce of the
year just closed has aggregated $178,
635,309 in value, made up of $148,609,629
of exports and $30,025,680 of imports. —
Exchange.
minutes later than at Fort Point; th» height
of tide is the same at both places.
Foreign Trade of New Orleans.
The protected cruiser Tacoma will start on
her sea trial trip to-day. She will be entirely
manned by Government officials and men be
longing to the navy- Commander Nicholson
Will be in command. Admiral Whitlne- will
also be on bonrd.
Navy Trial To-Day.
Peter W. Watson, a prominent wool
merchant of this city, died yesterday
afternoon after a brief illness. Mr.
Watson was a native of Scotland, but
had resided In this country since his
youth. San Francisco had been his
home f- a number of years and it was
here 1 that he got his start in an im
portant business career.
He was well known in commission
circles all over the State and was con
sidered a man of shrewd business in
telligence. He amassed quite a fortune
during his lifetime. Mr. Watson is sur
vived by a wife and two brothers, Ben
jamin and James Watson, He was a
prominent member of the Masons and
other secret societies. The funeral^ ser
vices will be held to-morrow morning
from the residence of Mrs. J. Zahn, 952
Oak street. The remains will be in
terred in Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Tetcr W. Watson Passes Away After
a Brief Illness.
PROMINENT WOOL- MAN DEES.
y
Hardly n Good Risk.
Agent— I see you are busy and I will
not take up very much of your time.
I want to talk to you a little while on
the subject of life insurance.
Victim— Dp you want to Insure a
man who is a murderer, and who may
be hanged In a few months?
"Good heavens! Are you a murder
er?"
• "Not yet; but I may become one very
soon If you dodgasted agents don't
quit coming In here and bothering me
when I am trying to work." — Kansas
City Journal.
The whaling schooner Monterey did not hav«
htr'trial trip yesterday as had been anticipat
ed. She has been having a thorough over
hauling and has had new 120 horsepower en
gines Installed. The carpenters were not
through with their work. •:> the boat could not
ro out. She will be sent out next Sunday for
a rinn around the bay, and on April 3 will
leave fcr the Arctic.
Trial Trip Next Sunday.
"V.'he-n I went into the trade," he
'.•>::T:r.ued. "that was in 1842, whalebone
cutting was a recognized part of the
corset and the umbrella trades. Man
ufHCtured whalebone was Is a pound
then, and when the price rose to Is 6d
a pound the umbrella makers cried out
that they would be ruined.
~Xow the price is 40s a pound. The
year after I entered the business I re
ir.f inber carrying a blade of whalebone
filter n,fect long to the British museum
as a present from my master.
"A preat many things were made of
K-faalebone in those days. Stays, of
« "urse, and umbrella and parasol ribs.
'Those old umbrellas were good ones to
n>ar, but they rolled up something like
a lettuce in appearance. We still make
artist*" sketching umbrellas and car
riage shades of w halebone, but they are
expensive.
"Then we used to use whalebone for
fastening to the underside of the shafts
of light gigs, to pive elasticity and
strength without weight. Brooms were
made of, whalebone, and how those old
brooms used to last! It was used for
chimney-sweeping machines; it was
also cut into hair for dandy brushes for
horses."
Later on whalebone was put into the
handles of the best cricket bats, though
us it is always put in edgewise the old
man failed to see how it can lend any
rxtra spring to the bat. As a matter
of fact, now that whalebone Is so dear,
black wood is being put in to look like
it. "And I have no doubt it does Just
as well," said the old man, with a
chuckle.
The veteran can remember the time
uhon eight vans, each carrying four
tons of bone, used to be seen standing
:»utside the shop twice a month, after
hi*, master had been down to the docks
to buy. Fancy what that would mean
at £3000 a ton: — London Express.
The Decay of an Old British and
American Industry and Its Pa
ihetie Aspect.
The sensational pale of a whalebone
at Dundee at the record price of £3000
a ton was no doubt quite gratifying to
the vendor, but there was a pathetic
aspect to it of which a few people had
any definite conception. Whalebone
at £3000 a ton sounds another note —
nearly the la?t — In the long-drawn
knoll of ihe whalebone cutter.
There was a time when whalebone
rutting was a flourishing industry in
this country, employing a great num
ber of men. The day is approaching
when the whalebone cutter will be
nearly as hard to find as the dodo.
"You want to know about whale
bone." said an old cutter, one of the
very few remaining in London, to an
Express representative. "Well, I know
all about whalebone; at least, I ought
to. seeing: that I came into the trade
when I was 14 years old, and I was 76
yesterday. My father was a whalebone
cutter, and my father's stepfather was
a whalebone cutter before him. My
brother was a whalebone cutter, and
my son understands whalebone cut
ting, though there is not enough of
ihe trade left to make it worth his
while to follow it."
Tho little o!d man was Eitting in his
tittle old shop surrounded by umbrel
•as, fishing rods and a tank of live
THE PASSING OF THE
WHALE AND WIIALEBOXE
The shipments of merchandise to the North
west have b*en so heavy during the last
month that they have caused much commant
fimone the shlDpers. All the vessels going to
Portlaad and the queen cities of the Sound
have carried their full capacity and freight
has been left en the dock. What the cause of
thei-e immense shipments is, is not known.
Whether stocks have suddenly run lf>w In the
Nbrthwcst, or whether there has been a big
demand «ent In for roods from Alaska is not
known. At any rate the shipments are phe
nomenally large and of «rreat value.
Northern Shipments Are Large.
"One of the grandest enterprises I
ever heard of any organization," Sen
ator Dolliver said, "was the offer of this
society to make a language for a bar
barous people whose speech had not
even attained to the dignity of an al
phabet. The society undertook to first
make an alphabet, then a translation
of the Bible and finally a literature.
Certainly the brain of man never con
ceived a grander philanthropic pur
pose." \
Justice Brewer declared that the
greatest glory of this nation lies in the
fact that ever and always she has
striven to translate into the vernacular
of international law the parable of the
Good Samaritan and the golden rule.
Senator Dolliver said that the Bible
Society had contributed more than any
other influence the creeds of Christen
dom into one grand whole, representing
universal Christianity.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— President
8nd Mrs. Roosevelt, Justice Brewer of
the Supreme Court, Senator Dolliver of
Iowa, the British Embassador and
Lady Durand and many other persons
prominent In official, diplomatic and
social circles attended the service to
day In commemoration of the one hun
dredth anniversary of the British and
Foreign Bible Society at St. John's
Episcopal Church. Justice Brewer and
Senator Dolliver were the principal
speakers. Dr. Daniel C. Gllman, presi
dent of the American Bible Society,
presided and made a few remarks, in
which he said that during the lifetime
of the British and American societies
they had circulated 250,000,000 copies of
the Bible and parts of the Bible to the
nations of the world.
Justice Brewer said: "It is scarcely
necessary before this audience to enter
upon a eulogy or defense of the great
book of books. But this is the age of
the/iconoclast, when destructive critH
cism runs rampant. Some criticism,
indeed, is reverent and useful— that
which seeks simply by correcting wrong
translations and arranging in chrono
logical order the matchless truths of
the Scripture.
"But there are other critics, without
such lofty aim, whfc strive to destroy
the faith of other men simply because
It Is held. The iconoclast is a popular
man to-day. To him the Bible appears
merely as a sort of crazy-qullt of un
true history, distorted science, weak
poetry, impractical morality and vague
foreshadowltigs of the unknown and
unknowable. 1 Yet we who believe know
there are passages in the Bible unsur
passed in solemn beauty in the litera
ture of the world; that its ideals of
morality are those to which the best
within us Is always aspiring; that Its
promises are the sweetest and most
comforting that have ever come to the
tired hearts of man."
The ship Olivebank went to the Ris
don Iron Works yesterday for extensive
repare. She arrived here on December
23 after having passed through a terri
ble experience of storms and gales
which almost completely dismantled
her, and how Captain Henderson ever
got her into port In her wrecked con
dition was a mystery to every one that
looked at her. She was bound from
Shanghai to Puget Sound, but had to
put in here. On arrival she was sent
into quarantine, where she was thor
oughly fumigated.
When she was released underwriters
and others in interest commenced to
work on the subject of settling up the
losses, and finally last week they were
practically adjusted. It will take about
$40,000 to put her In seagoing shape,,
and it will be some weeks before she
can be placed in commission again.
» »
ST. PETERSBURG, March 6.—An
swering an inquiry concerning the
fate of Baron Toll, the explorer who
was recently reported to have per
ished in the Arctic Ocean, M. Dou
brovit, secretary of the Academy of
Sciences, says that he has not re
ceived a word of news for some time.
Another expedition is now searching
for him.^ The belief now is that the
Barbn has been lost.
The Bourse Gazette offers a reward
for Information establishing the ex
plorer's death.
Nothing has been heard from Baron
Toll since he left the yacht Zaria.
May 23, 1902, in company with two
Yakuts and started for Bennett Is
land. The Zarla left her winter
quarters early in June, 1902, to find
Baron Toll and his associate. Zo
ologist Biriliu, but was unsuccessful
in its mission and returned to the
Lena River. Biriliu escaped across
the ice. Three relief parties were
sent out by the Academy early in
19Q3, one of them being under the
command of Lieutenant Kolchak.
A dispatch from Yalluts, Eastern
Siberia, dated January 15 last, said
that boatsmen of the expedition
commanded by Lieutenant Kolchak
had arrived there and reported that
the effort of the expedition to find
Baron Toll had been unsuccessful.
Baron Toll left documents on Bennett
Island showing that he had turned
southward November 8, 1902.
Coast Steamers Are Taxed
to Full Capacity With
Shipments of Merchandise
Justice Brewer and Senator
Dolliver Praise Achieve
ments of the Institution
Baron Left Yacht in May,
1902. for Bennett Island!
Has Xot Been Seen Since
LAUDATION OF LABORS
REWARDS ARE OFFERED
BIG CARGOES GO NORTH
Dismantled Olivebank Will
Soon Be Placed in Shape to
Sail the Seas Once More
President and Mrs. Roosevelt
Attend Church on Anni
versary of Bible Society
Mystery Concerning the
Whereabouts of the Kiis
sian Explorers Unsolved
His ability as a scientist was soon
recognized and for years he was con
nected with many of the larger and
more Important schools and colleges
In the East. He came to San Francisco
many years ago and during his long
sojourn in this city contributed much
to the cause of science and literature.
For more than a decade Dr. Behr
had been connected with the Academy
of Sciences in this city, occupying the
important position of second vice pres
ident and curator of that institution.
He was a prominent member of the
Bohemian Club and gt the time of his
death was engaged in writing a book
for that institution.
Dr. Behr was the author of several
scientific works, all of which were
highly regarded by educational insti
tutions in every part of the country.
The direct cause of Dr. Behr's death
was heart failure, a malady from which
he had suffered for many years. He
appeared to be in fairly good health on
Saturday night, but began to fail early
yesterday morning. Dr. George Chis
more, an old time friend, was summon
ed atod the aged scientist succumbed
shortly after the arrival of the phy
sician.
The funeral services will be held to
morrow morning from the undertaking
establishment of Gantner Bros, on Mis
sion street. The remains will be taken
to St. Boniface's Church, where a sol
emn requiem mass will be said for the
repose of the soul of the deceased. In
terment will be made at Holy Cross
Cemetery.
Dr. Herman H. Behr, a scientist
whose name was famous in two conti
nents, passed peacefully away at his
residence on Bush street yesterday
morning, shortly after 10 o'clock. By
his death California loses a scholar
whose work and efforts gave him
standing with the learned men of the
present generation and whose place can
never be filled.
Dr. Behr was a resident of this city
for many years and though of late he
had led a secluded life, yet his achieve
ments will never die. He was born in
Germany eighty-five years ago, and
after gaining fame In his native land
set sail for America with the hope of
achieving more triumphs.
SCIENTIST'S
LIFE COMES
TO A CLOSE
NOTABLES ARE
AT THE SERVICE
NOW BELIEVE
TOLL IS LOST
WRECKED SHIP
TO BE REPAIRED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', MONDAY, MARCH 7. 1004.
THE COAST RECORD.
12
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
Everybody Will Read
-' -, : This Full Page »
Story in the
THE GREAT INTERROGA-
TION.
BY JACK LONDON.
AUCTION SALES
jfv_ AUCTION TUESDAY, March 8, 11
/f-»v a. m.. at 1140 Folsom st. I will sell
1 Shetland pony, 1 handsome donkey, bujrgy
and harness, 1 carload of horses, 40 sets har-
ness, and a most choice line of surries, waKoua.
carts, buggies and vehicles of every description.
WM. CLOUGH; Auctioneer.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves. Piers 9 and 11,
San Francisco.
For Ketchlkan, Wrangel.
Jun.au. Haines. Skagway.
etc., Alaska— 11 a. m.. Mar.
1, 6, 11. 16, 21. 26. 31. Apr.
5. Change to company's
steamer at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Bel-
llngham— il a. m.. Mar. 1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 26, 31.
Apr. 5. Chance at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona.l:30
p.m.. Mar. 5. 11, 17, 23. 29. Apr. 4. Spokane.
1:30 p. m.. Mar. 2. 8. 14, 20, 20, Apr. 1.
For Lea Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Jtedomlo), San Diego and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Rosa. Sundays, ft a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m. -
! ( U r 'Tuwsir \<?\ Tn»!n»le»T««nd»fw
| [wr'Tjgg^^T'J «iu« to .m»»«.
UvM/7 SAN FUAN CI9CO -
\4^T*V (Main Line. Ferry DepoK
>^C\x foot of Market btreet >
"SrS5-5ra5sat5-fi^ ;;;;
7J0a Nl\es. Ll*ermore. Tracy. L»thropw
8.00*. 6h» t »w "Express— "iy'l» •*
WtUiamt (tor Bartlett Sprtnr«>.
Willow.. +Fmt«. K«d Bluff.
Portland. Tacoraa. Seattle...... 7-BB'
B.COa D*»l».Woodlaad.KnlgnML«ndlaa'.
M»rj«Ttlle. OroTllle '•»•'
830a Port Costa. Martlne*. Antioch.
.. Tyron. Tracy. Stockton. >»w
man. Los Banos. Jlenrtots.
Armona. Hanford. Vlsalla.
PortervllI* ¦¦ y •;• *****
8 X0*. Port Co»ta, Martinez, Tr.cy. Latn-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fre.ao.
Gosben Junction, Hanford,
Vlsalla. Cakersfleld *•»¦»
130* Klles, 3«n Jo»e, Llrermore. Stock-
ton, (?illltoa). lone. Sacramento,
Placernne. Marys»llle. Chio%
R«d Blaff -• *-20r
For Los Anereles <via San Pedro and East
Ean Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mo»
terey, San Simeon. Cayucoe, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblfspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Mar. 8, 16. 24. Apr. 1.
Bonita, 9 a. m., Mar. 4, 12. 20, 2S, Apr. 5.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Maiatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OrPICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery et. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNAN'N. General Passenger Ayent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter »t., will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
resldencga. Telephone Exchange 312.
O. R. & N. CO.
OREGON eidls March 8. 18, 28, April 7, 17.
27. May 7 and 17. S.S. Oregon Is temporarily in
senice Instead of the Columbia. GEO. W.
ELDER sails March S. 13. 23. April 2, 12. 22.
May 2 and 12. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points East. Through tickets to all points,
all mil cr steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Eteamer ttcketa Include berth and
rot-als. Steamer sails foot of Spear at., at 11
a. m. 9. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. I
Montgomery st. ; C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agent.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
oecafflcs.5.co. %mSgsst
8 S. ALAMEPA, for Honolulu, Men. 12. 11 a.m.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Mch. 18. 11 a,tn-
S. S. SONOMA. Tor Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thur., March 24. 2 p. m.
MiFucmstK8S.eo^igii..iistit3i%i,e4ii2ri3ia
Itt.stlflki.l2t Bvbi3L.Ktfl8. J.fatife It
C0KPA8NIS GENERALS TRairBATLaMflUJS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. , tfo
Sailing every Thursday instead oi
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, •>i !: 38»«-
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. S70 and upward. See.
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson Building-).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflo Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold hy all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISB1E or MONTICEfcLO— !
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday. '
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo 1
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun- !
day. • a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare, 60 cents. TeU (
Main 150%, Pier 2. Miselon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. 1
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
gf B^hW
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 9:30 a. m, tlirongrb. in 3 days, i
with diner and all trapping*. !
Other Saata 7* Trala»|
7:30 a. m.1 for Stockton. Freano. Bakersfield,
B.30 a. m. I Merced. Hanford aad Vlsalla.
8:0u p. m. J
4:00 d. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— «41 Market St., and
Terry Depot. S. 7. Also Ilia Broad-
8.30a Oatdale. Cl»ine««. J" n «»'°* n - ** 4 M _
nora, Tnolumne and Angel. ..... 4 ZOP
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogd«y» »nd E«««. 11.2Oa
830a Richmond. Martlnes and way
10.00 a TUe* Overland " Ltoited — oi'd'en.
Denrer. Om»ha, Chicago | ZgP
10.00a Vallejo W"; *** m
10.00a Lo« Anirele. Passenger -Port
Costa. Morttnei. Byron. Tracy.
Latnrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Ooshen Juao-
tloi. Hanford. temoore. Vlsalla,
Bakenfleld. Los Anueles ... V*™*
12.00* Hayward. Nile, and Way Stations. 3.20*
ti Mr BaersmeatoUlTer Steamers™....^. tii.OO*
3 ZOr Bealcia, Winter*. Siena at*
Woodland. Knlgnt* Landing.
MAryiTiUe, OtotIIU tad way
SJOi- Hay*wa°rd!NHes an'dW'ay (Utfoul foo»
Sttr Port Cost*. MarUaes. Byroa.
Tracy. Latarop. Modes!**
MercWd. Freino a»d Way Sta-
tlona beyond Fort Costa..... ... IJI&F
S.30F Martlnei, Tracy. Stoekton Lodl . 10.50a
4 OOr M»rtlne*,S»nnamon.Vslleio,I.«pa,
CalUtOKa. Santa Rosa........ ... 9 20*
4 OOr Nile*. Tracy. 8tocktoa. Lodl ...... *-2QT
ISO? Haywsrd. Nlles, Irrlngton. Saal t8.|0*
Jose. Llrermore I JII.SOa
6 .COp The Owj Limited— Newmaa. Los
Btnoi, Mendota. Freaao. Tnlare,
Bakerafleld. Los Anceles.
Solden State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Angeles, for CM-
eago, Tla C. R. I. 4P... - *52*
84)0f Port Cotta. Tra«y. 8tocliloa 1220f
t6J0» Hnyward. Ktles «ad San Jos« 7.20a
$.00p Haywsrd. NUes and Ssn Jose 9.60a
8. OOr Ksntera Express— Og^ 1 - DenTer.
Omaha, St. Louts, inieago and
F.a»t. Port Costa, Beatda. Sul-
tan. Kimirs, Daris, Sacrament*
Boeklla. Auburn. Colf»i,
Tmckee. Boca. Beso. "Wads-
worth. WinaemBCca 5 ztt
I .OOr Vallelo, dally, except 8unday.... J 7 .«-
7.0Cr Vallejo, Sunday only f '•° 1 *^
7 COp Klchmond. Baa Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Stations 11.20*
»C6p Oregon * California Express— 8ao-
ramento. MarysTllle. Reddiag;
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-89*
1.107 Hayward. NUes and Saa Jose (3aa-
daTonly) 11.50a,
COAST LINE (Harrow tiau^e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.16a Newark, Ceaterrtlle. San Jose,
Felton. Boalaer Creek. Saata
Crna and Way Stations 645V
t2.1Sr Newark. Centerrtlle. San Jose,
New Almaden.Los Gatot.FeUoa.
Boalder Creek, Santa Crm and
Prlneljal Way Stations fiOSSA
4.15r Newark. San Jose. Los Ostos and » t8-55*
way stations ) 110 55a
«9 ZOr Enntert Train, Saturday only, San
Jose and Way Stations. R'turn-
Ingr from Los Gatoa Sunday only. J7 2Sp
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Troin SAN r'UAN CISCO, Foot of M*rket St. (SIi?<>
— n:13 t:U> 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 515 r.n.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:0» tS:QO
t3:05 10:00a.m. 12-00 200 400p.m.
COAST LINEi (Broad ttaage).
ty~(Tblrd »nd Townseml Streeu.)
8-10 a San Jo»e and Wsy Stations.... 9.30V
7 00 a San Jose and Way Stations ... 638P
8.00a New Almaden (Tu«.. Frld.. only). 4-10'
¦ 00a Thn Coaster — Stops only San Jose,
Gllroy (connection for Hollls-
ter), Pajaro. Ca«troYl!le (con-
nection to snd from Monterey
and PaclSc Grove*. Saltnss. Saa
Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
garita. San Lais Obiipo, principal
stations thence Surf (connection
, for Lompoc), principal stations
thence Santa Barbara,San Bnena-
rentura, Saukus. Los Antreles... 10-49*
9.00a Baa Jose, Tres Plnos. C* pi tola,
tsantaCrax,Pseiac GroTe.Sallaas.
San Luis Obiipo and Principal
Way Stations 4.10r
10.30a Ban Jose and Way Stations 1-207
11 -JO a gsnta Clara. San Jo«e,Los Gatos
aad Wsy Stations 7.30p
1-SOr San Jose and Way Stations 8 38a
l-OOr Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
Ean Jose, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Orore (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crux, Bonlder
Creek and Narrow Oange Points)
st Gllroy for Holllster. Tres
Plnos. at CastroTtlie for Salinas. 12.1Sr
3-30* Tres Plnos Way Pawencer 10.45a
4-SOr San Jose and War Stations tS.OOA
15 COp San Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
Ustos, and Principal Way Sta-
... Uons (except Sunday) t900*
J&JOr BanJoseandPrlncipalWsyStations 19.40a
8-BOr finnset Limited.— Kedwood. Saa
Jose. G Uroy.9 allnaa,Paso Kobles,
San Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
Los Antreles. Deming. El Pasev
New Orleans. New Tort. Con-
nects at Pajsro for Santa Cru
and at C»«tru»!ll» for Paciflo
way, Oakland, Cal. 37 Soata First St,
San Jobs.
BTOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via Saasallto Ferry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:00. 8:00.
9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. in.. 12:20, 1:45. 3:15.4:15,
6-15 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
"FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAJ* FRANCISCO
—Daily. 5:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:08 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. »:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:45.
8:45, 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily. 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 8:55.
11:20 a. m., 12:S3. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05, 5:05, 6:06.
7:05, »:00. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a, m. dally — Casadero^and way station*.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted> —
Toraales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Caxadero and way
stations.
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TU Snalitt Firry I Arrive *
SaaFrandsco hti rf KirkM fc Sao Fran ctae*
"Week Sun- fa Sao- Week
Days, days jtf&wVrrSdW day* Days.
•IMS a. "8:00a ia»o5pfoi<a
•I:45p »:OOa BBBBWar l:2Br 2:5Or
6:10rl0:O0A »:0Op 5:AO r
«— .. lliOO* XftiBlsi^ 4:30r »:««•
1 626 Majuckt St_( North Shore RailnadT
•HIOD I and SavsAuro Fiuv. Foot laarlcat St.
Kin? Edward a Iilccnsed Barrister.
An exception has been taken to my
statement in these columns recently to
the effect that King Edward was a full-
fledged member of the English bar and
the only reigning sovereign to be enti-
tled to practice in ccurts as a lawyer.
J would reiterate ray assertion, con-
flrming.it by means of a letter which I
have received from Henry Tudor of St.
Louis, who was called to the bar in
England about the^same time and who
reminds me that Sir George Lewis of
the well-known London firm of solicit-
ors (lawyers) Lewis & Lewis, so famous
as criminal attorneys, sent shortly aft-
erward to the then Prince of Wales his
first and only brief in some case of
petty larceny, accompanied by the
usual fee of one guinea for himself and
a half-crown (about 60 cents) for his
clerk. While the King did not appear
in court in the case in question, and no
other attorney to my knowledge ever
ventured to follow the example of Sir
George Lewis in conftding a case to
Edward VII, the latter cannot under
the circumstances be described as an
altogether briefless barrister.— Balti-
more American-
European Russia has a less percent-
age of forest than the United States.
Grore sad wsy Stations 7.10a
tt-t&F EsDMateo,Beretfonl,BelmoD(.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
> MenloPurtt. Palo Alto t«-*»A.
8 SOt* San Jose and Way Stations......... 8.38*
8 CO* Pmlo Alto and Way Stations 10.15*
1 1 .iOr South San Francisco, M llibrae, Bnr-
llacame, Saa Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
lienlo Park, and Palo Alto...... 8,43»
i11-Ur Kayfleld, Monataln View. Suany-
Tale. Lawrence. Saata Clara and
Baa Jose t9.4Sr
A for Morning. P for Afternoon
1 Sandsj exeepted. t Saaday only
« Batorday only.
I Stops at all ttatlom on Soadsy. •
tar~OBly trains stopptnr at Valencia St. sotitaboaad
• rr5:10A.M.,7:<WAJi^ U:30A.n,8:30#Jt, 1:99 fjusa*
1:38 rat \
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANU NORTH PAC1F18
SAXX.WAY COXPAXTT.
Tibuxon Perry. JPoot ot Alaxist 8tx*«%>
SAW 7SASCZSCO TO SAW SA7AX&
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:30.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra tri?
at 11:20 d. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 aad 11:39 p. m.
SUNDAYS— a .00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30. 5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAM RAFAEL TO 8JL3X PBA3TCZSOO.
WEEK DATS — 6:05. 7:^5. 7:6O. »:2O. U:l4
a. m. ; 12:5O. 3:40, 6:0O. S:2O p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40,
5:40, 4:55. 5:08. 6:23 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlvs
San Francisco. | Sept. 27. 1803. |3an Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Wee*
j Days. | days. | tloo. [days. | Days.
7:30a 8:0Oa 9:10a. 8:44a
8:30 a Ijnacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 8:05 p 6:20 n>
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a I 9:10 a| 8:40*
8:00 a Novato. (10:40 a|10:2O a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 »
6:10 p 3:2Op and 7:33 p
B:0Op Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:4O a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. T:35p 8:20 p
»:30p 3:30 p
Wtaflsor.
T:SOa 8:00 a Healdaburg-. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:3Op Geyserrille. 7:35 p «:2O p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 a 10:20%
3:30 p 3:30 p and Uklah. 7:35 p 6:2Op
":S0a| 8:00 a| WtlUts, ~7:35p| 8:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00a| 110:40 a!lO:2O a
8:3Op|S:C0p[ GuerneYille. | T:35 p| «:^o j>
7:30 al 8:COa| Sonoma. I 8:10 al 8:40%
5:10 p| B.OOpj Glen ElUn. [ 6:05 p| «.2O p
7:SOa| 8:0Oaj 110:40 a|lO:2O a
8:30p[3:3Op| SebaatopoL | 7:35 p| «;20 p
STAGES connect at Green Bras for Saa
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Or-
bervllle for Skasgs Springa; at Cloverdal* for
the Geysers. BooneTiUe and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprtnza.
KelseyvJlle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lake,
port and Uartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lake3 t- u --i
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lierly's'
Bucknells. Sanhedrtn Heights. UullvtUe Orr*s
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche " Cams
Stevens. Uopklns. Mendocino City. Fort Brazr
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Braev
•Westport. Sherwood. Canto. Covelo, Layton*.
vllle, Cummlsji. Bell'a Springs. Harrta. Oil-
sen's. Dyer. QarbervUle. P*pperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at r*.
duced ratea.
On Sunday rrond-trtp ttcketa to aU oointa
beyond San Rafael at half rate*. v«u»»
Ticket offices. X3O Market street. Chronic!*
U K. 'cfjwHITINO. R. x. RTAi*.
C«a. Manager. Oea. Paaa AJt. •
DEATH NOTICES.
don tinned From Page Eleven.
I'li-.ud tar the rrow °' ' l!s <*i u l. commenc-
ing at i> ¦'•'•<' o'clock. Interment Ftrtcily pri-
vate, in St. Man's Cemetery. Oakland.
Pteaoe on-.lt flowers.
l'Fl'LAK— In Napa. Cal.. March 4. 19C*. Mar-
parot bPlovfd wife of Chester C. Pedlar.
Bitter of Mr* S. Anderson end Henry Jor-
rmeen an<i the 'ate Andrew B. Jorrens-n.
aod daachter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Jorgenstn,
a native of «"alifornia, aged 22 years J
¦ r.irntl:s and- 17 days.
C7FMeada and arquaintanees arp respect-
full* irvitc-d to attend the funeral to-day
(Moofiay). st 1 o'clock, from ihe mortuary
tbapel of the Golden Oate I'ndertaking Com-
iu<n>. 1"*T5 Mirsl"1t street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cyj rees Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric tuneral car from corner of Eighteenth
• and Guerrero streets at 1:30 o'clock.
ROCKS—In the City and County Hospital,
March <".. IWi. >'red Hocks, a native of
Ormany. ajred C{ years.
KVAN— A requiem high mass tiill be cele-
- brat*d for th*- r*-i>oi«». of the «=oul of the late
<Zr-orfiC T. P.yan at St. Columba'* Church.
Oakland, to-day (Monday), commencing at
K- o'clo-.-k.
ECUAUMLSFFEL— In this city. March 6.
10<"4. l'«ter Alien, beloved son of Jacob and
Man-.ie Schauin'.erfcl. and brother of Conrad
snd Gtorpe PchaumlefTel. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 4 month} and 10
days.
KPAIGHT— In this city. March 6. 1904. George
M beloved pon of Patrick and Catherine
FraiFht. ar<3 brother of Michael. William,
Merce'.la Jan-.es and Thomas Spalght, Mre.
Tr.on:t« Henderson and Mrs. WiUiem Schott.
a native cf San\Franclico aged 21 yeari 8
n-.cr.th* and 15 days.
STEI^ZER— In this city, March 6. 1904. Sophie
Stelier. a nxtive of Russia, aged 76 years
4 months and 4 days.
CTTrierde end acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
March 8 at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of roncr & White. 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
EVLLIVAX— In the OU> and County Hospital,
March 5. 3904. John Sullivan, a native of
Iliino.s. aged 2R ycr.rs.
WATSON— In this city. March 5, 1904, Peter
1\'.; beloved husband of Dorothea B. Wat-
son, end brother ot, Benjamin and James
Watson a rative of Scotland. A member
of Exceltior Lodpe. F. .-itid A. M. ; California
ChapUr. R. A M-. and Golden Gate Com-
mxsderjr. K. T.
tXtuneral services ttj!1 be held Tuesday.
March S. at l<>:30 o'clock, at the residence
of Mrs, J. Zahn. !>r.2 Oak street. Inter-
ni«nt l~J r |in«s Lawn Cemetery.
Wl'ITE-In this city. March «. 1904. John S.
V.hitf father of S. C. Whit*. Mrs. Kmina
1, Vaughn and Clara and Helrn White, a
native of Germany, aged 02 years 4
rroiiths and R days.
WISE— In this city. March 6. 1904. Caroline,
beloved wiSV of George H. Wise, a native of
Ljondoa, I^tiplsnd, aged 69 years C months
EndJO dayie.
(T7"nie funeral will take place to-day
(Monday*, at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 305 TV'ebstcr street, corner cf Mc-
Allister. IrcwrmTt private. Mount Olivet
Ceirseten.The pnpil of a good riding master
is usually disappointed at not bein?
allowed to do more in the flrst lesson.
He expects to mount the horse at once,
start off with a trot and wind up with
a canter. He i* a little annoyed upon
finding that the flrst lesson consists
almost wholly of oral instruction and
a "great part of it on foot at that. If
the master Is conscientious he will
not permit the anxiety to be off and
doing to Interfere with a prop«r un
derstanding of the A B C of the art.
Should the beginner apply at one of
the big riding academies In New York
for instruction the first lesson will be
gin wtth the leading by a groom of a
horse, bridled and saddled. Into the
center of the rinjr.> The rldlnjc master
and the pusil take their stand close
by and the former begins to explain
painstakingly the various parts of the
saddle and bridle and then* purposes.
Before anything further Is attempted
the pupil must be able to answer sim
ple questions in regard to the pommel
and the cantle, the curb and the snaf
fle, and to know the uses of the two
hfl3. — Country Life in America.
The First Hiding Lesson.
What makes this the more strange is
that it is entirely peculiar to the Brit
ish army. In every foreign country
soldiers — and officers most of all— seem
to be extremely proud of their uni
forms, and lose no opportunity of diR
playing themselves therein. The effect
of smart military uniforms in brighten
ing up a crowd, whether out of doors
or at any evening assemblage, Is un
deniable. As a mere matter of esthet
ics most people will agree that it would
be a decided improvement if uniforms
were worn Jn England as' they are on
the continent. Arid from the merely
professional pointof view I cannot help
thinking that It would tfe of advantage
to. the army if soldiers of all ranks
were expected to take a little more
pride in the King's livery, and not en
couraged so much as they now arc to
consider it a privilegeto appear as civ
ilians. — London Truth."
But, for some inscrutable reason, our
soldiers appear to think their uniform
is a badge of shame, or at least of ser
vitude. Any self-respecting officer, so
far as I can see. would rather die at
the head of a forlorn hope than go to
a theater or restaurant or a private
ball in full regimentals. A non-com
missioned officer who sees a brother
warrior privileged to walk down the
street in plain clothes turns sick with
envy. >» T o soldier of any rank seems to
consider that uniform can enhance his
attractions to the female eye, and the
only way in which I have ever heard
of its being used for this purpose is by
the humble, but impecunious, private,
who charges a female admirer so much
an hour— 2 pence is, I believe, the usual
fee — for walking out in company with
him. •;•' ¦-:<
Officers and Men Avoid Wearing Their
Regimentals in Public When
Off Duty.
ENGLISH SOLDIERS
AXI> THEIR UNIFORMS
Charles Kurlin, the rapidly improving
third cl#s man, took a fall out "of
Chester a second class man.
Kurlin did not do well in the flrst ?et,
retting but one game, but in the next
two his clever chop stroke was too
much for Smith. Kuohn used his usual
good head work and his net work was
accurate. The score was 1-6, 6-2, 6-4.
Cornell showed to better advantage
in singles. He played a one-set match
with his partner, Splivalo. The Belmont
champion was rather tired and lost by
a small margin. The score in Cornell's
favor was 6-4.
By far the closest and most exciting
match was that between Robert Drolla
and Harold Gabriel, the assistant court
keepers. There is considerable rivalry
between the two and the question of
supremacy is one that both have been
anxious to settle. Drolla proved his
superiority In a three-set match yes
terday. He won the first set 6-2. Ga
briel played all around him in the sec
ond, which he won by a 6-1 score. The
third and deciding set went up to 10-8
with Gabriel on the' short end. The
winner had nothing to spare and It is
doubtful If he would have won had the
match gone five sets.
The Oakland and California club
tournaments were again postponed.
After using mops and brooms on the
tennis courts some of the more enthu
siastic members of the California Club
managed to get In a few practice
games yesterday afternoon.
A lively doubles was played between
Sidney Salisbury and Professor Craw
ford and Ray Splivalo and Ray Cornell.
The former played together for the first
time and made a strong combination,
beating their opponents two sets out
of three. Salisbury and Crawford did
some fast net work and also drove
well. The score was 3-6, 6-3, 6-4.
Brooms Enthusiasts Arc Able
to Get Some Practice.
After Vfgrorous Use of Mops and
TENNIS PI^WEKS FIND
COURTS UNDER WATER
" D^ar Sahs — Hit grif us 'streme
rafsfaction ter call yo* 'tention ter ouh
fines* grade macaroni, de bestes' made
in dese yer pants. 'Waitln' yo'
'Fteemed favahs. sahs, we 'main, To's
'»I>ec'fully.* " — New York Commercial.
"I recently saw a letter received by
an- Atlanta firm." Bays Mr. Harris,
"from an Italian export hoy,se at
Nfcpfc*. The foreign firm evidently
keeps its own private English expert,
and he has apparently been making a
rlose study of the Southern negro dia
lect, ¦with the result that he has ar
rived at the conclusion that it is the
r« srular language of our part of the
country and the onlr one thnt we un
•dersrand. The letter ran in part as
follows:
Joel Chandler Harris tells a story
that eeems to "show that Uncle Remus
and the Southern dialect writers in
pen^ral are making progress in distant
r^grions.
The Georgia "Patois."
Pistol Annex— W. F. Blasse. ©1. 8S: Georira
Tammej-er, SS. 73: J. L. Utsehle, 83, 7?; L, J.
Reubold. *4. SO; E. Woer.ne 75, 67: T. J. Po
vey. 74 72; C. von Hflrtwlg. 71. 60; J. Boiler.
67, CO; A. Studer. 64; J. C. Waller, 33, 24.
Cadets— F. H. Bremer 2O7. F. Bertelsen 194.
California Schuetzen Club: First champion
class — Otto Bremer, 207, 2O7; Al Gelrret. 209.
Second champion class — M. F. Blasse. 223;
George Tammeyer. 21S. 20C; A. Rahwyler. 216,
1&7; F. A. Kuhln, 2t:{, 204; Otto Burmeister.
205. 193; J. L. Utschis, 203; Philo Jacoby. 1S3.
First class— W. F. Blasse. 216^ 207: Max Ko
lander 210. 203. Second clafs^ — L. J. Reubold.
228; A. von Wy!. 203 1&»: M. F. Hartter. 201
201; F. V.' Smith. 199. ISM; John Jones. IDC.
1S4; John C. Waller. 193. ISO; Emll Woenne.
10O. Third class — II. Scheunert. 18© 197;
Joseph Straub. 192. 170: M. Beubold. 192. 13»J-
F. Ktede. 1S4. 173; C. Sagehorn. liS, 171; T.
C. Haserup. 178, 157; "William Xolden, 168. 114.
Fourth class. F. Wehrten. 10C. 170: John Boi
ler, 18», 1T7; C. von Hartwtg, IS), 161; TV. M.
Oacken. 174, 142: F. J. Pcvey. 170. 1«7; Joseph
Gaasner. 143. 141; Georre Ahrecs. 14i. 129;
Adam Brehin. 140. Unclassified — A. Studer.
2CS. 100; A. Ghianda. 162. li».
Many marksmen visited the Schuetz
en Park range yesterday. The score?
follow:
San Francisco Grntll Shooting Section : Cham
pionship class — G. R. Hauser 40U» A. Studer
402, A. rcn Wyl 372: first class — L. Hauler
30ti; second class— O. Iradcrf 3CL S. Suter 3J7;
third cla«— Charle? H. Mueller 343. Alfred
Haflrr 174. Ino Ltutenegger 147. X. Frei 113.
A. Oynsla 129. Brehm rcec!at won by C. II.
Nueller.
Members of Clubs Put In Busy Day
at the Targets.
SCHUETZEX PARK RANGE.
The movement deserves hearty sup
port and thoroughgoing success. Drug
gists and physicians generally are in
favor of it, for they know better thau
any other persons, except the victims
themselves, the ravages which these
drugs can cause. There are black sheep
druggists"' who are willing to ruin the
bodies and souls of all their customers
for a few pennies of profit. They de
serve no sympathy from any one, an«l
the more rigorously they are prosecuted
and the more severely they are pun
ished the better it will be for the com
munity. — Chicago' Record-Herald.. ¦ .
At the last session of the IUinoi3
General Assembly a law was passed
prohibiting the sale of cocaine in any
form, except on physician*^ prescrip
tion, and the State Board of Pharmacy
is now engaged in putting it into effect
At about the same time Georgia, Penn
sylvania and Texas also passed anti
cocaine or anti-narcotic j laws, and
twelve or fifteen of the States all told
have now placed such legislation on
their statute books. The campaign
against these drugs has been taken up
with very great vigor by the American
Pharmaceutical Association and will be
waged on a national scale. A stringent
law has been drafted, which has al
ready been Introduced into CongTess
as part of the general poison bill by
Representative Robinson of Indiana.
Substantially the same law will be pre
sented for the consideration of every
State Legislature that meets this win
ter. The campaign is to be continued
until by both State and national legis
lation the entire country Is protected
as fully as legislation can protect it
against cocaine, morphine and all their
ilk. :;:^ -l^V
Cnisadc Against Xarcotics.
The Bell Ftake for two-year-olds will
be the principal attraction this week
At Oakland racetrack. It will be run j
on Saturday, and a good field should i
face the barrier.
.• It is the first race at five furlongs for
youngsters and will have a value of
"more than $2000. There are seventy- ;
four eli&ibles. many of which have not j
' yet siarfd.
Among those entered are Prince
Brtxtna. O«arge P. McXair. Amy J, The J
Mi?t. Henry Ach. Ben Eric, Golden Idol
ni Salable.
A. 5100<"> handicap at a mile and a cix
.:e-?ruh for three-year-olds and upward
y.VA he :lje featuro of the programme
on Wednesday. It will bring together
for.w of the best horses here.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
• F~.rrt mc»— Five a"d a half furlongs; mare*.
fcxti wars old and uf>; s"'.!ing:
. :, ' 0 •Ker.e <L*maFncy Bros.) 1°1
•(¦•_•;.•¦ •Amrrvir.a <McGuire> !»4
512f •«!"!• (Nean i"5
toCNooi* <Gard-n CKj Btmble) H'>
' BMO*CatbeXto (CUftonJ 1°5
W.l -Mattie n«rk il>aytor.) Wl
.•_:.• < herrie* (Stu\-er) l*0
•¦2(7 Illoa (Ju'lg") 1°3
• ¦>¦••< !;tv;' i PtUtcen ¦'¦nurk") ''-3
• CI50 •\:'rcie d'Or (McDoxreU) 'J6
.-.- \>1U« R»»n <McOal>e> 11")
." -rt t .Ki.ht l'«
'¦IV'i ri<ci-.JT» »?nith» 108
« rt"J"« Pom I itWIlrrcri) llrt
¦f.-i •ftastteCirl i Fitzgerald) s*S
'6194 Prlestllk* (Said«r) fi»
•* c-rvmi nee— Tim* mrti a half furlor.gv.
.iri«nl*n !w.-y'sr->'|ii»; rur»e.:
. H'.r.a FKtltraa «MuJ'.1ri>> '07
Volan:e— La Boca II.
: ... MOOred B (gehrcibcr) 107
>.•?]»-- <"aro;irie Hamilton.
C.;; 1 ! ICorhux 1 < Na pa -fit™- k farm) :«7
¦•<-jr:. Iv». •*.'.- Nir.orn (Marr**) 107
0075 On!r J:rrrrie (Washoe Ptable) 1<JS
• AIM- ' Alhambra FtaMe) 1C7
<"-re«rv n<1o-Hheta.
» X' l E«o - T — (Stamners) IM
.0243 Anita Kmcht •?! ratt> 1<T
' .. Brnator pwynfct <Fitr«-erai.i> 110
6207 In:-;xxir,T tlaiphu .<Sk-hrr-J»r»>r) 110
* «207 Fioilipan iKurris «• Waterhouw) 1<:~
G24J nrntm*> (Stewart * Co.). JU7
CCC7 Veir.» <Van Gordon) 107
Th;r1 rac« — Ct'Vea furlong; four-ytar-rMs
"ar.d up; feiliup;
' «i;44*Riin P.n-k <J-~i-5) U»5
tC'iO Afvffm»r.t <NVa!) 1"7
'Zftm SiiB W <Mc«'afrerty) 107
CS32 BUcktborn <Flnk> 110
?¦.1*2 Lr. Lcr.s «Tar.ner» 1 1«>
<~i".f< 'Part tlMtier COreen) V2
'. > Ju4f« Vo«i-hios (Murray) 110
•*CX97 'Billy M<vwe «K«-tor) 102
¦••'•¦4 -Th" VUUer ilIrNeH) 102
t^.M Rtpper drfinet 107
'170 r:-:n»::c< (StornJ 1<>7
«;24."> F-Impr C iKlutwlor) 110
K^nrrh • r»r»— <">n» mil* «rM wr«!ty yaris;
ftBT-yaf-tMi and op: BeHlBf:
<232 "Montana Peerpfs <Oo{T»t). J>9
e2r.3 Frank VT©r>4« .Garden City Stable). .. .110
(C232)Dar14 S «PtacfieM) ins
5731 Marlin < Bender & O> ) 03
» 245 The Frett^r •O"R"urke) K«S
<'^2.J3)Pat Mr-rriesey <V.>llmen) 110
<~ZU7 "Sue Johnson <FitZ(r*ra'i<1) 5X5
Ftfth ra<"*> — Si* lurlcr.jTF: four-ye.ar-ol<!» ami
np; «*!lirx:
Kitty Kelly <StanfleM) 100
*T-2 C!au!*u!= >Ryan) U2
• 6C 'Meeharu* <Re«nr~> v. lft«
•;'2 ;.* 'Hsr.^rm? Macrs.ne> 113
«2:>4 *AUO* Carey <Rcwe11i 6<J
1 B3>*Lajn3do>«roe <F":tzg-erald> ....102
• H* Maeortt* «Wellrran» Km
• •a'W^Flancur tllcChfieitJ) 110
COM Paimiy <Crowe> 110
Etxth rare—Six and a half furlong*; thre*
y~sr-o|dsi and up: pur*e:
- ?r.:5>-?E ;Rr Knot <r>aly> Uo
t r .lUti To-JTwr fV-per .O'Rourke).. n*j
r.fcf»I Karh Mr'Jonan (P.owell) 107
Solar.nt ¦ J*--.n:r.jr*> 110
9969 Ar.irad rcoffeyt 105
B0n Uoola Mar 'rWin * Co.) 112
" .f£ll P"h*r«o 'Pueblo Stable)'..... HO
<>12.i Ttledo <Burr* & Waterhcuye) 115
•Apprentice aJlfmrance.
PEOBABLE -WlH HHnS.
"rirst Eace — Hirtle. Esrptian Pxtaceas,
• JT-crie.
Seccad Eace — Etcotosa, Sac Joae, Ko
rtesab
Third Eace — BIU7 SZoore. Assessment;
Elsier !•.
Fcurti Eace— rraak "Woods, David S,
•Fit Kcrrisiey.
¦ Fiiti Eace — Las slcw-ne, n&aeur, Claa
'moM.
Sixth Sac*— Toledo. Eclaans. Younsr
Pepper.
Sixty or seventy years ago. when
steam navigation was In Its infancy,
piracy played a much more serious
role in maritime intercourse with the
Far East than to-day. In fact, every
vessel that had occasion to traverse
the Straits of Malacca or to skirt the
coast line of the Malay Peninsula and
of China was compelled to carry guns
to repel those fierce pirates which
were the sourge of the seas. Lady
Burdett-Coutts was so horxifled by the
stories wh'ch reached England cf
great ocean clippers being seized by
the pirates and with all the men on
board massacred and the women and
children carried off into a slavery
worse than death that she employed
some of her colossal wealth In organiz
ing and equipping a large armed naval
expedition for the purpose of exter
minating these pests, placing it under
command of Captain Harry Keppel of
the royal navay and Comander James
Brooke of the same service, who ob
tained an indefinite leave of absence
from the Admiralty in order to take
charge of her enterprise. They did
their work well, and pursuing tha
pirates into their lairs practically
cleared the seas of them. — Baltimora
American. *¦ .
Credit of Putting Down
Mal»y Pirates.
To I,ady Burdett-Coutts Belongs the
A LADVS PART IN
SUPPRESSING PIRATES
Totala 832 S07 811 2450
VALLEJO.
Total. Average.
Lovejoy 120 164 142 432 144
Muller 142 1:50 152 424 1411-3
Rodffers 142 135 14i> 42« 142
Crethway 102 1*9 132 KB 177 2-3
Brastman 190 167 lt» B2G 175 1-3
Totals ?J2 7S3 701 2341
the bowlers from Vallejo on the Cen
tral alleys yesterday afternoon by 100
pins. When the teams met at Val
lejo a week ago last nighfc the north
erners defeated the Alhambras by
99. pins. Not only did the men of the
home team make up this difference
yesterday, but they came out ten pins
ahead on the total number of pins.
A large crowd, including several of
the fair sex, witnessed yesterday'3
games and cheered loudly when Jim
mie Healey, captain of the Alhambras,
and Donaldson made some difficult
spares. Healey made a 5-8-10, while
Donaldson came through with a 6-7
and 5-10.
The score follows:
ALHAMBRAS.
Total. Average.
Healey Iffl 146 217 5.12 1771-3
Hays 223 170 162 P55 183-
Whelan 1.12 142 141 438 14«
Walcott 157 177 160 4!>4. 1«4 2-.1
Donaldson 131 . 172 128 431 143 2-3
"Jimmie" Healey Wins Applause
From Fair Spectators for Mak
ing. Hard Spares.
• The Alhambra Club team defeated
ALHAMBR.V BOWLING TEAM - '
, * BEATS VALLEJO VISITORS
Louisy Levy and Jimmy "White. 21 21 21
J. Bonnet and G. Cunningham.. l.S 19 li
There was another big crowd at the
Olympic Club yesterday afternoon to
see James Fitzgerald, the world's
champion handball player, contest
against Al Hampton and Henry Corey,
two crack amateurs of the coast. The
latter won from the champion by a
series of lucky plays. They made Fitz
run all over the court, and, although
tired, he played them to a standstill.
Fitz is gradually getting into condition
for his match game with Mike Egan,
which will be held at the Olympic Club
on the 2Sth Inst. Seats will cost $5
each, owing to the limited accommo
dations for spectators. •
Louis Levy and Jimmy White de
feated Jack Bonnet and George Cun
ningham in three straight games. The
spectators enjoyed the games, which
were fast and full of clever plays. J.
C. Xealon, the veteran player, refereed
all the games.
Following are the scores of yester
days' games:
Hampton and Corey 4 21 21
James Fitzgerald 21 IS 19
They Make Him Ron AH Over the
Handball Court and Then Barely
Defeat Him.
CHAMPION" FITZGERALD TRIES
TO DEFEAT TWO AMATEURS
Comparisons, or contrasts, between
Japan and Russia are striking in more
.than one respect. Thus, Japan has
about .47,000,000 people and Russia per
haps 130,000,000. Again, Japan's land
area is scarcely 163,000 square miles,
while Russia's is nearly 8,700,000. So
Russia has nearly three times as many
people and more than fifty times as
much land as Japan. (Wherefore, we
might think, Russia might well afford
to be a little less land hungry at Ja
pan's expense.) On the other hand,
Japan, with her smaller population, has
more pupils in her schools than Russia*
According to the latest available statis
tics, Japan has 4,302,623 children in ele
mentary schools and Russia only 4,193,
594. That is to say, ninety-rone In every
thousand Japanese and only thirty-two
in every thousand Russians are in ele
mentary schools. The disproportion of
numbers in secondary schools and uni
versities is equally marked In favor of
Japan.
Again, Japan has 4832 postofnees, or
one for every 9700 people, while Russia
has only 6029, or one to every 21,500
people. Japan has, under sail and
steam, a commercial marine of 734,413
tons, while Russia has only 633,822 tons.
Japan's purchases from the United
States amount to about $21,000,000 a
year, and Russia's to only $17,000,000.
Of course, it is argued that Russia is
still in an elementary stage of develop
ment. But Russia has been In full and
direct intercourse with the civilized
world since the time of Peter the Great,
200 years ago, while Japan has been in
a similar state scarcely fifty years.
That is to say, Japan has made three
times the progress Russia has, and in
one-fourth the time. In such circum
stances, it is not at all strange that
the admiration and sympathy of the
world are given to Japan in a great
measure. — New York Tribune.
Comparative Facts Concerning the
People and Their
Resources.
CONTRASTS BETWEEN THE
JAPAXESJ2 AND RUSSIANS
The Thistles beat the Oakland Hor
nets S goals to 0 in a match for the
championship of the California Asso
ciation Football League and the Inde
pendents defeated the Vampires 4 goals
to D in the tie for the California Asso
ciation Football Union cup yesterday.
Both games were played on the Pre
sidio Athletic Grounds in this city. The
ground was covered with soft, slippery
mud and ptrols of water stood in many
places. The players found it hard to
keep their feet and were bespattered
with mud from head to foot.
The ball In the Thistle-Hornet match
was kicked off at 1:40 p. m., A. W.
Wilding being the referee and the lines
men being Irish and Sheldon. In the
first half the Thistles defended the
south goal and the Hornets the north.
During the first period the Hornets,
with only eight men in the field, fell
easy victims to the superior team work
and numbers of the Thistle eleven,
whose forwards played as they liked
with the ball, passing it fr,om one to
the other with the greatest ease. The
Thistles put the ball between the posts
five times in the first half. In the sec
ond period ends were changed and Mc-
Kenzie strengthened the forward line of
the Hornets, Thistles added three
more goals, making their total score
eight goals. Shand. McKenzie and
Pomeroy worked hard for the Hornets,
but were quite outmatched. William
son kept several hot shots from going
between the posts, but they were alto
gether too numerous for one man to
save them all. The teams occupied the
following positions:
Oakland
Thistles. Position. Hornets.
Lowe Goalkeeper. .C. Y. Williamson
Tlernuy Left back W. J. Holland
Forrest Right back W. J. Holland
Taylor Left half back McKay
Duncan Center half back Cowell
McGregor Right half back Plerson
Hunter Outside, left Podmore
A. Dishrr Insid? left Shand
T. S. Lydon Center forward .... McKenzie
Pmith Inside/ light Pomeroy
R. Disher Outside right Pomeroy
At 3:30 p. m. the Independents and
Vampires went out on the field for the
match in the first round for the cup.
The Independents proved too strong for
the Vampires, who defended the south
goal. In the flrst few minutes T. Fay
kicked a goal for the Independents, to
which E. Fay and Duncanson added
a goal apiece before the end of the first
period. Arthur Robinson was the ref
eree, C. W. Irish and A. E. J. Chivers
being the linesmen. In the second per
iod McCallum left the forward line and
played in the half back line, Harwcrod
mc-ving up to the left wing. Toward
the end of the second period McCallum
took Petersen's position in the full back
line, Petersen taking a place in the for
ward line. On two or three occasions
the Vampires went near scoring, but
were nc-t quite able to do the trlok.
The Independents peppered the Vam
pires* goal, but Rolfe did excellent
work and kept all the shots out until
in the last ten seconds before the
whistle sounded one got past him, mak
ing the winners' score 4 goals to 0.
The teams lined up in the following
order:
Independents. Position.' Vampires.
Forb«s .% . . Goalkeeper : Rolfe
Lynch. . , Left back Petersen
Anrstrong Right back Tbeberge
McGraw Left half back Harwood
Mechel* Center half back Turner
Duncanson Rl«ht half back Glarver
Owens Outside left McCaUum
E. Fay Inside left Wilding
P. Fay Center forward L»es
T. Fay Inside right Showell
Russell Outside right. Buchly
The reds won easily by a score of 5
to 2. Walter Hobart's game improves
with every mat^h and he is now in full
posseFsinn of his old-time skill and
Feems to make goals with the. Utmost
ease. The big international match
will be played next -Sunday on the
Cress-.vays Farm field.
The absence of T. A. Driscoll, E.
Ezra and Lawrence McCreery, three of
the b*>st players, changed the character
of the K.ime which was to have been for
the Pacific Coast championship. A
second game immediately followed the
first, in which the players in red were
Paul Clasrstone. C Raoul-Duval. Wal
ter S. Hobart and Albert Clough, and
those in the whites, Peter D. Martin,
E. W. Howard, Captain Chaplin and
John Lawpon.
The Warwickshire polo team defeat
ed the Burlingarae Club men for a
silver cup on the club's field yesterday
afternoon by the narrow margin of 6
goals to 5. The game was stubbornly
contested and it seemed likely that a
few more minutes of play would have
enabled the home team to tie the score.
The beautiful afternoon and the im
portance of the match drew out the
largest gallery of the season, and in
addition to a crowded grandstand the
entire front of the large field was,
lined with vehicles. The spectators
Including all of the fashionable set.
The contest might properly be termed
an international match, as the op
posing teams were all English and all
American respectively. The Warwick
shire team, wearing the white colors,
was composed of Basil Williams,
Charles Garland. F. J. Mackey and
Captain Xeil Haig. The Burlingame
gentlemen, in red, were F. J. Carolan,
R. M. Tobin, John Lawson and Walter
McCreery.
Notwithstanding that the field was
heavy and soft the game was played
with the utmost dash and abandon
and the heavy breathing of the ponies
indicated the hard task they were
performing. John Lawson In his
strokes to-day was not inferior to the
powerful Englishman. Captain Haig.
and made two remarkably fine goal
shots, which won rounds of applause.
As to th* 1 big Englishman, if he fights
the King's battles jip well as he plays
polo, he is» an invaluable soldier of the
empire and may yet exchange his polo
mallet for a marshal's baton.
Britt spent but a short time on the
road yesterday morning. In the even
ing he came across the bay and attend
ed the theater with a party of friends.
Among the features at the contest to
morrow night, at Oakland, between
Billy "Woods, the coast middle-weight
champion boxer, and Cyclone Kally
will te a big pump spray, which was
Invented by "Biddy" Bishop and which
will be used In "Woods* corner. When
the colored boxar retires to his corner,
tired and worn from the effects of a
hard round, the spray will be called
into play. By the aid of this pump a
big spray of Ice-cold watery rnist will
hit the tired boxer Just as he starts for
his corner at the conclusion of the
round, and it will fall over him like a
dense cloud. The cold spray coming in
contact with his heated body and head
is expected to brighten him and send
him in for the next round In a refreshed
condition. The colored man *ays he
will have this patented, to prevent
other boxers from using.
Another feature will be the presence
of Jimmy Britt. In Fred Landers* cor
ner, in the contest with Lyn Tru3cott.
the Australian. The latter Is after
Britt for a contest, and came here for
that purpose, and Britt will do his level
be5t to make . Landers win from the
clever foreigner.
Phil Wand will referee the bout be
tween "Woods and Kelly.
Three hundred admirers of Jimmy
Britt made their way to the little fight
er's training quarters. ' at Croll's
gardens in Alameda. y«rterdar after
noon to observe the California boxer go
through some of hla conditioning
stunts. Jimmy did not disappoint his
visitors and, for their satisfaction,
worked out in the gymnasium for an
hour. He wrestled and tugged with
Sam Berger until he was covered with
perspiration and was ready to say
enough. Britt also punched the bag and
tried his hands at shadow boxing for
half an hour.
Britt did not do any sparring yester
day, but during the coming week he
Intends to keep his boxing mates. Frank
Rafael and Fred Landers, actively en
gaged with the gloves. Rafael has not
yet put on the mitts with Jimmy, be
cause his hands are still sore from the
hammering he inflicted upon Iron
Man Charley Sieger. Spider Kelly, the
pugilistic wiseacre and ring pilot, is
expected to register at CroIVs to-day
and will Immediately assume charge
of the Britt forces. He will direct all of
Jimmy's preparatory exercise, and on
the xflght of the big battle the knowing
Spider will be the commander in chief
of Britt's seconds.
Spotless Beauty, one of the coursers
of J. J. Lavin's St. Louis kennel, took
first honors yesterday In the big open
stake at Ingleslde Coursing Park.
The Beauty showed in great form,
and it was no trouble for her to get
the flag from her opponents. Each
trial was of short order, and in the
final she romped away from Jerry
O'Shea's Young Fearless.
Quite a number of short ends were
recorded. The hardest upset of the
day was the defeat of Firm Fellow, a
1 to 5 shot, by Terra Cotta. The victor
in the next round took honors, from
Lily York and afterward succumbed
to the runner up. Black Coon was
really the slated winner, but fell a
victim to coursing luck. Hard running
was his lot. In the fifth round he beat
Little Mercy in a go that lasted nearly
three minutes. In the next round his
trainer was forced to withdraw him.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official scores:
O'pen stake, Kcomf round — Dbn P'dro beat
Tl-alee Lass, 5-3; Ragged Actor beat Topsy
Tuny, 4-1; Frisky Boy beat Roy Hughle, 3-1:
Spotless Beauty beat Honedt John, 4-3;
Queen's Motto beat Slievenamon, 3-2; V iking
beat Silver Cloud 8-2; Fairy Belle beat North
ern \larm 5-^"; Frisky Barbara beat Maid of
the Glen, 3-2; Perpr Hill beat Heredlne, 3-2;
Black Coon b-at Loretta. 6-0; Luxury beat
Manru. 4-2; Jimmy Anthony beat Golden
Light, 3-0: Texas Hoo Hoo beat Lily Wright.
4-3; Jerry Wright beat .^tren. 5-0; Bonnie Pa
sha beat* Icellus, 3-1; Bob R bat Red Rock,
6-3; Homer Boy beat Colored Lady. 4-1; Uttle
Mercy beat Young Johnny R»x. 5-O; Clover
Blossom beat Orstna. 6-3; Silver Heels beat
Gold Lily, 4-2; Young Fearless beat Hadding
ton. 6-1; Balrndlne beat Lady Menlo, 5-1;
Terra Cotta lx?at Firm Fellow, ft-0; Lily York
b*at Kquator, 0-5.
Third round— Ragged Actor beat Don Pedro,
3-2; Spotless Beauty beat Frlaky Boy, 3-2:
Queen's Mott<> beat Viking, 3-1; Pepper Hilt
beat Fairy Belle. 4-1; Black i'oon beat Frtsky
Barbara 5-2; Luxury beat Jimmy Anthony,
s-ti; Texas Hoo Hoo boat J-^rry Wright, 7-5;
Bonnie Pasha beat Bob R, 5-0; Little Mercy
br.it Homer Boy. 3-2; Clover Blossom beat
Silver Heels. 4-3: Young Fearless beat Balen
d'ln', -1-2; Terra Cotta beat Lily York, 7-3.
Fourth rcund — Spotless Beauty beat Ragged
Actor, 5-0; Pepper Hill beat Viking, 3-1;
B'ack Coon b^at Luxury. 8-Q; Bonnl* Pasha
beat Texas H.*> Hoo. <S-4; Uttle Mercy beat
Clover Blossom. 7-5; Young Fearless beat
Terra Cotta, 7-2.
Fifth round — Spotless Beauty b?at Pepper
Hill, 3-2: Black Coon b»at Little Mercy. 22-6;
Young Fearless beat Bonnie Pasha, 4-O.
Sixth round — Spotless Beauty a bye; Young
Fearless a bye.
[Voiding course — Spotless Beauty beat Young
Ftarless, 5-1.
Naval Militia. Second Dtnslcn, monthly com
petition — F. Bjrgess 41. F. Sutton 3.H, J. Co
hen 32. F, Sutherland 34. J. PinXham 2<*>. F.
Braun 15, R. Goesch 16, TV. Bode 31, E. Bar
barie 28. J. Garrett 17.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
competition, fifty yards, two s*-or^» of ten
shots each — O. Skinner. 163, 1*5; B. Fchul
lerts, 155. 182; T. Neuwlrth, 151. 131; J Ken
ney. 1CS, 158; E. Rehor. 133. 115; J. Gut«nb*r
ger. 163, 161; H. Vogl. 167. 148; L. D. D*la
vergne, 1.14. 150; A. Hartman. 201. 141; W.
Greschbacn. 141, 165: A. Kirkalnte. 123 1«1;
G. Schmiel. DO. 63: A. Krause. 1«O. 182; \V.
Heins, 75. 83; F. Duplissea. 61. 98; FT. P. Ilen
nlnsen. 1.14. 1S5; H. Poulsen, 172. 181; F. Linfl
benr, 144. 163: H. Meyer, 1.S4. 142; H. Alpers.
fcO. 149; G, Akh.ui-'er. 142. 159; C. W. Boston.
141. 168; XV. Erfksen. 135 215; C. Jacobson,
1X1. 142; A. Schullerts. 170. 178: A. Rowse.
7»5. 42; A. Johnarn. 1S4. 191; A. Llebacher. lt>7.
152; C. Wilson 10»5, 12rt.
Best flrst shot. C. W. Boxton. 24; best last
shot, L. r>elaverjme, 24.
Seccnd champion class. 200 yards, two scores
ten shots each— A. M. Poulsen. Krt, 1S9; D. L.
Hopkins. 133, HI; F. Mante. 175. 166; R. 8.
Wixson, ISO. 149; H. P. Nelson. 19O. 1S5; J.
Cobby. 174, 201; H. Wlndrculler. 193. Iff;
E. Wixson. 1S4. 1*4; William Siebe, 1<4$, 151.
First best shot, Wrlllam Slebe. 23: Ia3t best
shot. H. Winrtmuller. 21. First class— L. R,
Murphy. HH. U7; C. Pries. 13S. 134: A. Nie
haus. 117. 121; A. Thompson, 1SI. 129; N. J.
Nielsen. 1S1, «HJ E. J. Farley. W. 108; W.
L. Paul3on. 1«1, US; Captain G. Larson, 121.
1*J; W. Greaves. HI. 170; Dr. B. Roch«. 120.
107; A. Gay. 121, 152; P. Paulson. 163. 147;
M. Lytfen, 120, 140. First best shct. C. Pries.
24: last best shot, L. Murphy. 21. Second
clars— Pr. L. V. Prates. 100. til; R. Mitchell.
91. S3; H. Bartfeld. 101. 137; C. Otten. 13». 122;
R. C. Holmquist. 150. 141; C. Paulson. I3S. 94;
O. Poulsen, 84, 62; W. Patton, 123. 83: T. M.
Burr, 139. 153; H. McKinley. 126. 144; W.
Guild, 1G7. 13J; J. Logue. 147. 170; S. Holmes
140. 127; L. A. Frates. 134. 134: B. Estw. 102,
111: A. Nissen. 159. 147: P. Ramm. 8S 147;
J. Vera «3, 53; H. Kofod. 154. 91; H. Lang.
68. S7: F. II Dubots. 155. 101. First b-st
shot, A. Nissen. 2t; last best shot.T. Burr. 24.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shooting —
J. H. Kuhlke 40, G. E. Fricker 31. H. Kuhlke
55. C. Schmidt 03. F. J. Pkowran 43. E. Mar
lolf 12. W. Oaetjen 11. Sergeant B. D. Hllken
51, Sergeant C Andrews 50. Corporal P. C.
P«t*rson 45, W. B. Coofc 42, \V. Wurzhach 28,
Sergeant L. J. Mager 45. Lieutenant H. Gaet-
Jen Jr. 4«?, H. Schmidt 16.
Deutscher Krelger Vereln. medal shootins — ;
First champion clas». C. "Wegirenmann. 4<)C:
second champion cla.-s. J. Bender. 3S 1 *: first
clas?. X. SUoerzahn, 329; second class C.
Ueyer, ."»4S; third cla?s. H. Hennlnjrer, 30:!;
fourth class. C. Hartmann. 276; best flrst
shot. C. Weggjnmann; best last shot. O. Dam.
mer; most Centers. O. Dammer.
contest — First. H. Hennlnger: sec
ond. O. DarameT: third. C. Meger; fourth, F.
Kaiser; fifth. C. Wes^enmann.
Oakland Turners' Schuetzen. monthly medal
shoot— Adclph Fclueter 333. Henry Loefflcr 203,
F. Kruez 251. Otto Melnecke &S. Fritz Mante
350, Henry Wlekin? 220, August Landgraf
204. Albert Engelhardt. 211. Herman Wlnd
mlller 390. Bernhard Brunje 260, Henry Kracke
27«. Paul Uth 205.
Best bullseyes — A. Landgraf 23 Henry
Kracke 25. H. Wlndmtller 24. F, Krurtz 24.
The well-known champion marks
man, August Pape, did consistent work
during the day, and as the soft light
in the afternoon came on succeeded in
making the excellent score of 95 rlng3
out of a possible 100. F. P. Schu&ter
also made S5 rings, but as Pape had
another score of 94 to back up his 95
he was awarded first honors. D. B.
Faktor nressed the winners hard with
his 94 rings. Just before the shootlns
ceased Philo Jacoby scored a dead cen
ter.
The prize winners at the public com
petition shoot follow:
A. Pape, S>5, 94; F. P. Schuster. 85. 92; D.
B. Faktor. 94: F. E. Mason. JO: Herman Hu
ber. 92; AI Gehret. 5)2; Louis Bendel. 92; M. F.
Blase, 02; M. Henderson, 91; Otto Brenner. 91;
Max Kolander. 87; Aug. Jungbtut. S3; William
Garms. S4; Philo Jaeoby. 81; A. Westphal. SI;
F. Mante, SO; H. Wlndmuller. 90; D. Salfleld.
SO; John Gefkln, 77. First bullseye in morn
ing-. Al Gehret; last bullaey? In forenoon. D.
B. Faktor; first bullseye In the afternoon. F. E.
Mason: last bullseye of the day, Fhilo Jacoby.
Most red flags during day — A. Pape 9. F. E.
Mason 7, D. B. Faktor 7. F. P. Schuster C
Herman. Huber 4, Phtlo Jacoby 4.
The day's scores follow:
The twenty-fifth anniversary of &e
opening of Shell Mound Park yester
day was a pronounced success In
every way. Both pavilions were
crowded by those who took delight in
dancing and merrymaking, while the
shooting stand was crowded to its ca
pacity. The light wind and damp at
mosphere made it an ideal' day for
target shooting.
The young greyhound Bill Dugan,
the coal black son of imported Warbur
ton, surprised the wise bettors yester
day at Union Coursing 1 Park. After an
undecided course with Tillie R, in
which each scored six points, he came
back and defeated her for the long end
of the purse by a score of eight points
to seven.
Tillie R was installed a 1 to 2% choice
for the first trial. The betting went
quickly to 1 to 6 when the dogs were
sent back to slips. In the first trial
the hare broke to Bill Dugan and it
was this favor which helped him make
it a tie. In the runoff he showed speed
over his opponent. Had she run with
any determination she would have wtrn.
She was fortunate in having short
trials throughout the day.
The winner opened in the long odds
betting at 100 to 1. This price was cut
to 60 in the third round of the stake
and then to 5.
Champion Pocatelli was unfortunate
in having two severe trials which ne
cessitated his .being withdrawn -in the
semi-final round. The attendance was
large and the sport of high class. The
day's results in detail, with Judge P. J.
Reilly's official scores, follow:
First round— Racins Auto beat Duhallow,
17-8; Amandnn bent Ploughman, 10-2; Barefoot
Boy beat Emin Bey. 24-5: Charter Member
beat Aeolus. 4-"; Concert Trnlee beat Texas
Ginger. 7-t>: Tillie R beat Adonis. 7-2: Tralee
Boy bfat Fenil. 4-1; Renegade Apache beat
Pete Mclntyro. 6-3; Ivircl Brazen beat Rose of
Gold, 0-4; Maho Boy beat IrvlnRton Trale<\
6-9: Reta S beat Vandal. 4-.1; Game Boy beat
Free From Flaw. 3-1: Humbug boat Sacramen
to IJor. 13-6; High Born beat Our Motto. 16-0;
Liberator beat Little Plunger. 13-10;
Barge beat Cubanola, 5-0; Rector beat
Eagle, 8-1; Cloverdale beat Pepper Jack. 4-2;
Lost Chord b?at Sir Wlntcn, 4.2; Froe. Pnrn
beat Flaunt. 3-2; MrHenry b*.at Shadow. ll-«;
Money Musk beat Apple Blossom, .1-3; Donny.
brook heat Jack Short, S-l ; Itockrr Arm beat
Advertiser, 14-0: McVey beat Miss GreTi, 5-":
Tamora* beat Shotgun. 0-. r >; Sir Pasha beat
Vina. 3-2; Bill Hugan a bye. Old Ironsides
withdrawn: Ra*tlnv» beat Royal Friend, 3-0;
Pncaflii bent Ruby Sankey. 0-0; John Heonan
hent Raby Aurora, 6-4; Hudson beat Meicose,
11-2.
. Second rou/id — Amandan beat Racing Auto.
4-2; Charter Member a bye. Barefoot Boy
withdrawn: Tillie R- beat Concord Tralee. 4-3:
Tralee Hov b«>at Renegade Apache. (5-4; Lord
Brazen boat Reta P. 5-2: Idaho Boy beat Fr?e
From Flaw. 5-4: Hlph Horn beat HumbuK. 10-
O; Liberator beat Banro, 20-14: Rector beat
Cloverdale, 3-1: Free Born beat Lost <"hr>rd,
15-S; MrHenry b'at Money Musk, .'.-4: Rocker
Arm beat Donnybrook, 10-8; Tamora beat Mc-
Vey. i»-7; Bill Dugan beat Sir Hasha. ll-<>;
Pecatelli beat Ras Time, U-C; Hudwon beat
John Heenan. fl-4.
Third round — Cfcarter Member beat Aman
dan. lS-7;-Time R tvat Tralee Roy, -3-0: Lord
Brazen beat Hlirh Birn. fi-1; Idaho Boy a, bye.
Liberator withdrawn: Rector beat Free Born.
7-1: Rocker Arm beat McHenry. 14-4; Bill
Dugan beat Tamora. 5-4; Pocatelli beat Hud
son. 6-3.
Fourth round — Tillie R a bye. Charter Mem
ber withdrawn; Lord Brazen beat Rocker Arm.
13-7: BUI IXrgan beat Idaho Boy, 7-5; Pocatelli
beat Rector. 20-5. ,
Fifth round— Tillie R beat Lord Braien. 4-0;
Bill Pruran a bye, Pooatelll withdrawn.
Deciding cours? — Bill Dupan beat Tillie R.
6-6, 8-7.
He Presses the Leader Hard
and Is Closely Followed by
D. B. Faktor and Others
Victors Have but One Goal to
Spare When the Timekeep
er Sounds End of Contest
Champion Greyhound Has
Some Severe Running, but
Reaches Semi-Final Round
Billy Woods' Manager In
vents a Spray to Refresh
His Boxer Between Rounds
Vampires Unable to Score
Against Independents on a
Slushy and Slippery Field
Black Coon Looks a Winner,
but Falls a Victim to Hard
est Kind of Coursing Luck
SCHUSTER IS SECOND
POCATELLI WITHDRAWN
BISHOP'S NEW DEVICE
"INDIES" WIN CUP MATCH
THE SCORE IS CLOSE
BEATS YOUNG FEARLESS
Bill Diigan Defeats Tillie It
at Union Park in Deciding
Course After Two Trials
Shows Method of Condition
ing Himself in Gymnasium
Crowded With Spectators
Defeat the Burlingame Xen
in a Brilliant Game Before
Big Gallery of Spectators
Oaklanders, Lacking Two
3fen, Fall Easy Victims to
Champions of California
Spotless Beauty Is First
in the Big Open Event
on the Ingleside Field
Prince Brutus. George P. Mc-
Xear, Amy J. The 3Iist, Ben
Eric and Others Eligible
SEVENTY-FOUR ENTRIES
t>icfc Two- Year-Olds Will
Start at Oakland Track in
:•" Feature Event for Week
THISTLE TEAM
BEATS HORNETS
Under Ideal Conditions at
Shell Mound Park He Buns
Up Two Excellent Strings
PAPE SHOOTS
IN FINE FORM
WARWICKSHIRE
POLOISTS WIN
CLEVER PUPPY
WINS A STAKE
EASTERN HOUND
IS VICTORIOUS
BRITT TRAINS
FOR VISITORS
YOUNG RACERS
IN BELL STAKE
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE COURSING SWARD, THE RIFLE RANGE, THE RING AND THE TENNIS COURTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 7,' 1004.
Children Gain Weight in Autumn.
Some curious experiments have been
made at one of the royal philanthropic
Institutions In Copenhagen. For some
years 'back the j seventy boys and girls
in' the place -have been carefully
weighed every day in groups of fifteen
and under, j Thereby if is '•. proved | that
the children . gain 'in weight mostly in
autumn and in ¦ the j early part of., De
cember. From that * time) to the end
of April there is scarcely any increase
In weight.- More remarkable still, there
Isa; diminution tllf ' the •' end of sum
mer.—Chicago Tribune. _
German and English Methods Differ.
There is in London only one profes
sorship of Sanskrit, and It is unen
dowed, while in . Germany there are
twenty endowed Sanskrit chairs; and
yet it is England, not Germany, which
is responsible for the welfare of the
people of India.— Church Quarterly Re
view. .
Fire Safeguards In New York Tunnel.
.The New York State Board of Rail
road Commissioners has recommended
to the New York Central and Hudson
River Railroad Company that in the
Fourth avenue tunnel, New Yprk. City.
the two center, tracks of which are
mostly *in open»cut, be equipped with
fire apparatus. In each city block (a
distance of about feet) there should
be a standpipe connected with the city
fire department pipes, and at variqus
points In the tunnel alarm boxes con
nected directly w4th the city fire de
partment wires. It is also recommend
ed that, fixed ladders be put in along
the east wall, with trap doors in the
roof at Sixty-sixth and Seventy-ninth
streets, to enable firemen to quickly
get into the tunnel, and that ladders
be hung on the wall every 260 feet, so
that any one can climb out of the tun
nel in case of need. — Railway Gazette.
For the new issue of florins Miss
Eusan Hicks Beach, daughter of the
.•penultimate Chancellor of the Ex
chequer, hiis stood for the figure of
> Britannia that fills the obverse of the
'.coin.. This pecuniary perpetuation of
• k non-roya.1 lady had its precedent in
• the Duchess of Portsmouth, who in
the guise of Britannia has decked all
• our coper coins since the time of
.Chnrles II. The head of Liberty which
.rdorns the silver dollar of the United
' States, reproduces the features of a
.young school. teacher of Philadelphia.
• Mrs. Martha Y»'ashington used to beam
from the United States treasury notes,
'sometimes alone in her maternal glory
snd at others in company with Presi
.dent George Washington. A century
•ago the Rothschilds similarly adorned
their notes with the benevolent face of
• Baroness de Rothschild, and in 1897
the State Bank of Budapest engraved
•the radiant countenance of Mme.
Luise Blaha, the prima donna, on
Vk* thousand-gulden notes. — London
.Chronicle
Wonwn and Money.
A most extraordinary proposal has
recently had the favorable consider
ation of the Prussian Minister of Fin
ance. . The originator is Herr Scherl,
the proprietor and publisher of the
Berlin Lokal Anzeiger. The plan com
bines a workingmen's savings bank
with an elaborate national lottery.
The new institution would collect from
the working: classes weekly savings
ranging from 50 pfennige (12 cents)
to four marks (Si').- These savings
would be entrusted to such existing
savings banks as were willing to adopt
,the new system and to pay for fifty
two weeks' deposits of four marks — •
that is to say, for 208 marks — an in
terest of 1-80 mark at the close of the
year, with corresponding fixed rates
cf interest for smaller deposits. This
Interest, however, would not go to the
depositors, but would be paid Into a
lottery fund/ the administration of
which:. would hand to the depositors
lottery -tickets of corresponding value.
Three, hundred thousand of these
tickets divisible Into Quarters and
eighths, according to the amounts of
the deposits, wonld form a lottery
aeries from, which 12,500 prizes would
be drawn, with a total of 540.000
marks. The value of the first prize
would be, 100,000 marks, of the second
prize 30,000 marks, of the third, prize
10,000 marks and so on, winding up
with 8420. prizes each of the value | of
20* marks. -The scheme has been sub
jected to very seyere criticism.— Xew
York Commercial Advertiser.
A Lottery Savings Bank.
13Commits Suicide by Gas.
Albert Xernececk. a bartender, 49
years of age, committed suicide in his
room at 43S*£ Sixth street yesterday
morning. Another roomer detected the
odor of gas coming from Nemececk's
room and, forcing open the door, found
hia dead body in bed. and the gas es
caping from an open jet The door had
been locked and the window was closed
and bolted. Mrs. Heins, the landlady,
told Deputy Coroner Brown that Nem
ececk had been in a despondent state
of mind ever since he had been living
in her house, for the last eight months,
and she was satisfied that he had de-.
llberately turned on the gas. ' He was
a member of the Eagles and the An
cient Order of United Workmen. The
body was removed to the Morgue.
The wise husband , will occasionally
place' himself in fault. To a' woman
it is a lasting joy to be; able to refer to
some episode in which' the husband
Was confessedly wrong.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. SOc flask. ' Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
Graduates of University of California
Are Looking Forward to Formal
. Housewarming.
The University of California Club,
composed of graduates of that State
institution,- held its monthly luncheon
at the California Hotel Saturday and
combined'business with pleasure to ths
extent of- selecting permanent' club
rooms for the future accommodation of
its " members. At the luncheon were
eighty-five members of the club, who
were presided over by A. J. Cloud,
president of the organization. Acting
favorably on a report from a commit
tee, the club decided to lease the upper
floors of the building on: the south
east corner of Geary and Powell
streets, which .will . be immediately
fitted up for a formal opening In about
three weeks.
.The club now has a membership of
250, which includes meny prominent
citizens of this city, who have exp
pressed their approval of the plans for
clubroorns. The club contemplates
opening Us new. quarters with a house
warning 'and- this event will be fol
lowed shortly afterward by an annual
election 1 of officers.
CLUB WILL SOON 3IOVE
INTO ITS OWN QUARTERS
Pedestrians, Drivers and Equestrians
Turn Out in Force, Notwithstand
ing Threatening Weather. -
In spite of the threatening state of
the weather, there was a large-crowd
of pedestrians, drivers and equestrians
In Golden Gate Park and at ocean beach
yesterday afternoon. : There was but
little breeze and the sea was. calm and
the temperature almost summer-like^
Numerous people witnessed the per
formances of the trained seals at the
Cliff House under the instruction ' of
their trainer, Captain Charles A. Lyon,
and a good deal of interest was mani
fested in "Frisco." the untamed seal
which some months ago played a can
nibalistic turn on 'Lyons. "Frisco'.'
was particularly recalcitrant^_yester
day and set up a plaint that must
have touched the hearts of the seal
family on the historic rocks.
- "Fanny," one of the captain's pets.
and as docile as a Iamb, went through
any number, of tricks to the. delight of
all, especially the children. *
A meeting of the Retailers' Federa
tion of California was held at the of
fice of the Retail Grocers' Association
of San Francisco in the Parrott build
ing yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
William Lenhoff, the. president of the
Retail Grocers' Association of San
Francisco, acted as chairman and H.
C. Flageollet, past president of the
Retail Butchers' Protective Associa
tion of San Francisco, acted as.secre
tary. Representatives of the various
retail trade organizations of San
Francisco were present and it was
unanimously resolved that a • com
munication opposing the proposed
free flower market ordinance be for
warded to the Board of Supervisors.
The communication saysiin part:
.The Retailers' Federation of .California, an
association comprising the various retail
trade organizations cf this' city and State, de
sires to record its protest against the passage
by your honorable body of the proposed ordi
nance for establishing; free flower markets - at
various street crossings and othar localities in
this city, and to set forth Its reasons for such
protest.
. We believe .that the passage I of this ordi
nance will be the tstabllshment of an ;un
wholesome precedent, and one that is subversive
of the settled policy of the board, as evidenced
by its recent legislation In conformity with the
provision* of the charter," and by the enforce
ment of v that policy on the part of our Board
of Public Works. _\ >•
The proDosed free flower market ordinance is
aimed" directly at- the retail i florists -of ,this
city, whose organization is a respectable 'and'
influential member of this ; .- federation, . and,
while in consonance with our object of mutual
protection, we oppose the ordinance because of
its effect upon them," we also respectfully urge
that the passage of this ordinance will: have
the effect of bestirrlng.agitation in other di
rections . which will . end In no good. " There is
no good reason; why -peddlers of flowers should
be granted the special and Valuable privileges
contemplated by this ordinance and why those
privileges should be denied- to peddlta* dealers
U other lines or trade. . , .
RETAILERS ARE
TO PROPOSED ORDINANCE
BIG CROWDS RECREATE " AT
' PARK AND OCEAN BEACH
The Eastern railroads have resumed
selling cheap tickets to the Pacific Coast
and many of our San Francisco families
will, shortly be entertaining .their rela
tives who will come out here with a meal
cooked on a gas range purchased ' from
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Co.
415 Post street. • •
Well Attended Function at Which De-
gree of Pocahontas Takes an
Active Part.
The ball given Saturday evening by
the general. committee of the Improved
Order of Red Men and • the
Degree of Pocahontas in aid of a fund
that is being raised for the purpose of
dedicating, the new wigwam on Golden
Gate avenue for the two organizations
was well attended.
Native Sons! Hall, in which the func
tion was held was more than comfort
ably filled with dancers and there were
more than 200 couples In the grand
march that- was led by • Frederick B.
Swan and Miss Edith Boyes, joint floor
managers.
The affair, which was a success in
every" sense, was under - the direction
of the general committee, assisted by
the following named: Mollie McKay,
Mrs. Jeanette Rawllnson, Mrs. L. Haw
thorne, Mrs.' Thomas McKee, Carrie -L.
Johnson, Jennie Flnley, Kate Cunning
ham, Mrs. E. Aston, Mrs.* H. Brink
man, Emma Prlntzlow, Mrs. E. Kriner,
Frances Conroy, Fred B. Swan, Miss
Edith Boyes, Mrs. L. Kemnltzer, Miss
Jenny Anderson, William Goldman,
Mrs. M. Dcyle, B. Moncla and W. H.
Pollnere. /• , • \' '¦- x ':':'/¦
RED MEN". GIVE BALL
FOR DEDICATION FUND
"Robert Burns, of the Temptations
and Triumphs of Poverty," was the
subject of a sermon delivered before
an immense assemblage of worship
ers at the Third Congregational
Church, Fifteenth and Mission streets,
last night.
In the course of his remarks the
Rev. Mr. Rader said:
Poverty, like affluence, colors a man's envi
ronment and helps to form his ideas. Our eco
nomic convictions come from our pockets; the
man with, a full pocket has a different idea
of life to the man whose pocket is empty.
Millionaires are never social reformers.
And in this comparison we may trace certain
ideas of Robert Burns directly to his poverty.
The first was his ¦ democracy. He believed in
the common people. To the French convention
during the revolution he sent a little cannon,
and, asked to give a toast to William Pitt, he
said: "America's independence, England's ter
ror. I drink to the name of George "Washing
ton."
To his environment may be traced his rever
ence to the commonplace. He found poetry in
the daisy, in the field mouse. In the humble
cottage and in labor.
Poetry is the insight into the common things
in life; it is truth filtered through the Imagina
tion.. ....
Burns was a liberal thinker and I am sorry
to say that he lived liberally. It would have
been better if he had had more Calvinism in
his character. There was too much of the
flower and not enough of the cak in his charac
ter. Presbyterians of this date a«ree .with
Burns rather than with John Knox in certain
phases of Calvlnistlc thought.
There can be no doubt that the character of
the poet was largely the result of his early
training and surroundings.
He dissipated and is said to have died of
debauchery. The tragedy of his life is In the
fact that the candle burned to Its socket be
fore middle life. But God does not expect a
man to die at the age of 30.
In making a comparison between Lord Ten
nyson and Whlttler and Burns, we find that
Tennyson was an aristocrat, who dipped hi»
pen far back Into history and clothed his
characters with royalty. wljile Burns simply
talked about the people of his own town. W'hit
tler. who ¦ is sometimes called the American
Burns might be compared to the Scottish poet
as a glow worm to a ccal of fire.
Rev. Dr. Eader Discusses
Burns and Temptations
and Triumphs of Poverty
DEMANDS 'MONEY FROM '
INTOXICATED PRINTER
James Connelly Holds Up E. P. Sim
mons in Doorway on 'Kearny
. Street and Is Arrested.
James Connelly, a "hobo," ap
proached E. P. Simmons, a printer, on
Kearny street, near Pine, yesterday
afternoon^ about 3 o'clock and asked
him for some money. Simmons was
considerably under the influence of
liquor. He handed Connelly some* beer
checks and Connelly grabbed him by
the throat and shoved him into a door
way and demanded money. Several
people gathered in front of the door
way, which attracted the attention of
Policemen Keohane and O'Connor.
When the officers reached the door
way Connelly had hold of Simmons
and was telling him to "give up." Sim
mons complained that Connelly was
holding him up and when Connelly was
questioned by the officers he could not
give them a satisfactory explanation.
He was taken to the City Prison and
booked on a charge of robbery and
Simmons was booked for being, drunk.
Connelly said he was a stranger here,
having only arrived three weeks ago.
Brutal Blow.
George McLaughlin ; Fells William
Chamberlain to the Earth With a
George • McLaughlln hit William
Chamberlain on the head with an ax
and has left a mark that will take
many moons to efface. Though the.oc
currence in itself is serious enough, the
events that led up to it are of . a
humorous character.
McLaughlin, who hails from the
Emerald Isle, says he does not know
how old he is, but states with empha
sis that he was born on the same day
and date as Queen Victoria,- . which
would make him 85 years of age on the
coming May 24. He certainly looks it.
He is small, wizened, and has parted
with all his teeth, but he has not part
ed with his vigor nor the passion of
love that filled his breast in early
youth.
From what is reported on the water
front, McLaughlin lives in Baldwin
court, and Chamberlain, who is 65
years old, lives near by. Shortly after
noon yesterday Chamberlain tapped on
McLaughlin's door to pay a friendly
call, but instead of welcoming, him
McLaughlin grabbed an ax and smote
him on the head, leaving a wide cut
over his left ear.
The cause is stated to be a woman,
named Mrs. Nicholls, over whose head
some seventy-two summers lightly
rolled, and to whom the .belligerents
have been paying attention." Cham
berlain had his head sewed up at the
Harbor Emergency Hospital and later
was sant home. McLaughlin was
carted down to the Hall of Justice'.- He
will have a hearing to-day.
POET SUBJECT
OF A SERMON
HITS HIS RIVAL ON
THE HEAD WITH AN AX
Chief Jpiler Sullivan Ridicule! Story
of an Attempt to Escape From
the County Jail.
The most surprised man in the city
yesterday was J. ' E. Sullivan, Chief
Jailer at the County Jail on Broadway,
when he read in one of the morning
papers the sensational account of a'n
alleged attempt made by Eddie Yarrow
and two other criminals to break out
of jail. He did not deny that they, had
succeeded in loosening two or three
bricks from the wall with the ajd of
the handle of a bucket, but he believed
it had been done more as a joke than
anything else.
"Why," -Sullivan said, "it would have
taken them 100 years.to break through
the wall with the handle of the bucket.
It is true that my attention was called
to the fact that something was doing
in the cell occupied by the three pris
oners about ten days ago and I dis
covered the small hole in the wall
made by the absent bricks, but the
other part of the sensational story is
all imagination, except, of course, the
records of the prisoners. I thought so
little of the incident that I did not
think it worth while to mention it. /It
is too ridiculous to be seriously consid
ered."
USE BUCKET HANDLE TO
BREAK THROUGH WALL
As St. Patrick's day approaches the
members of the various sub-committees
are working harder in order that noth
ing might be left undone to make the
celebration a memorable one in the his
tory of the city. The regular meeting
of the convention was held yesterday
and progressive reports .were made.
The meeting, which was presided over
by Chairman Michael Casey, was, as
usual, opened and closed with prayers
in Gaelic and was well attended.
The executive committee made its re
port regarding entertainment for the
day. In the afternoon field sports will
be held at the Presidio athletic grounds,
a feature of which will be Gaelic dances
by'boys and girls under 16 years of age.
Other sports of the day will be running,
jumping, throwing and hurlingi
In the evening 1 exercises will be held
at Mechanics' Pavilion, the programme
for which is as follows: Overture:
Irish national airs; drill by Company
D, League of the Cross Cadets; sleigh
bell solo, Miss Nellie Waters; song,
David Manlloyd; remarks by Chairman
Casey and solos by Eugene D. O'Sulli
van and Hubert F. -Murphy, allto .con
clude with a grand\all. \
At the meeting yesterday it was de-
cided.to purchase eight sets of gold and
silver medals to be awarded to the
successful contestants at the afternoon
field sports.
Committees were appointed as fol
lows: Resolutions— R. C. O'Connor, Dr.
Gallagher and Jeremiah Deasy; to in
terview the Mayor, Supervisors and
School Directors — P.Tamony, T. F. Al
ford, J. P. McGuire, Martin Lacey and
Kate O'Brien.
Colonel" Thomas O'Brien gave an in
teresting and instructive address on the
history of Ireland and the life of St.
Patrick. T. J. Moriarity gave a recita
tion and M. J. Cowley a song in Gaelic,
both of which were heartily applauded.
They were followed by Jeremiah Deasy,
who spoke on the necessity of Irish at
tending .Gaelic classes and becoming
familiar with, the tongue of their native
land.
An important meeting of the execu
tive committee will be held In Knights
of the Red Branch Hall Wednesday
evening. .
Morgan Seal, a bell boy in_ the
Langham Hotel, Ellis . and Mason
streets, committed a vicious assault
upon F. G. Francis, acting clerk, early
yesterday -morning and, after he had
beaten his victim into insensibility,
rifled the office register. Then he
made his escape. The robbery was
planned with criminal ingenuity. Seal
lured the clerk into a room and after
causing him to turn his head by point
ing to something, struck him on the
head with a club. Francis did not
drop immediately, but staggered into
the hallway. Another attack was
made up^on him there, and when he
fell his fallow employe proceeded to
rib the till of $45 in coin.
Seal is an ex-marine and had been
in the service of the hotel but one
week. He came without a recommen
dation, but his appearance was in his
favor and he was given a position.
Shortly before 7 o'clock yesterday
morning Seal and Francis were on
duty, the former running the elevator
and the latter 'attending to the of
fice. The elevator bell rang and Seal
descended to the street entrance,
after which he took a gue^t up to
his room, on an upper floor. When
Seal came to the office floor he called
to Francis to come quickly, to the
parlor, as he wished to show him
something. Francis did as directed
and followed along the hallway until
this particular room was reached.
When the two entered the parlor.
Seal called to Francis to examine a
corner in the room. . The clerk bent
over to do so and at the same time
received a stinging blow on the back
of the head from a club in the hands
of Seal. He recovered himself quick
ly and started back into the hall
way. Again Seal wielded the club
and the clerk dropped. Then the
bellboy hurried back to the office
and pocketed the contents of the
till. V
As soon as Francis recovered, he
staggered down the 1 stairway leading
to the street and cried loudly for
help. A policeman responded to his
call and a search was commenced.
This, however, was useless, as the
thief had made his escape by means
of a back entrance and had reached
another street through an alleyway.
The detective department was noti
fied and Captain Martin put two .men
on the trail of the thug. Up to a
late hour last night no arrest had
been made.
Ihe police are puzzled to know
whether Mrs. A. Weiser, who is 84
years of ase, has been robbed of her
hand satchel containing 5450 in cur
rency, her railroad ticket and baggage
checks, or has lost it on train or street
car.
The old lady lives in Milwaukee,
where she has property, and she went
from there to Los Angeles for the ben
efit of her health. She has a son, Al
bert Weiser, in Denver, and she ar
rived at the Third and Townsend
street depot on Saturday night from
Los Angeles on her way to visit him.
Yesterday morning Mrs. Weiser en
tered a -pawn shop on Kearny street'
and offered to pawn her gold watch
and chain. The pawnbroker asked her
a few questions and her replies caused
him to take her to police headquarters.
She told Captain Martin about the loss
of her satchel, which she thought had
been taken from her while she was on
the train. After arriving here she
boarded a street car. which stopped a»
some hotel, and she registered at the
hotel and paid $1 for a room.
It was then she discovered that she
did not have her satchel, but she for
tunately had a small purse containing
$1 22 in a pocket in her dress. Yes
terday morning she found that she
would have to pay 50 cents for her
breakfast and that was why she want
ed to pawn her watch and chain to get
some money. She said she had wired
to her son in Denver and had told him
to send a reply to the ferry building.
She said she had no idea where she
had left two valises that she brought
with her and it was later discovered
that she had taken the valises from
the depot at Third and Townsend
streets and had gone with them to the
ferry building, where she had left them
on a bench.
x Chief Wittman was notified of the
old lady's predicament and he gave her
enough money to supply her immediate
wants and sent Detective Taylor with
her in a hack to the ferry to recover
her valises. He also instructed Taylor
to take her to the New Western Hotel
till he could communicate with her son
in Denver. The chief sent a dispatch
to Chief Armstrong of Denver to find
Albert Weiser and notify him of his
mother's plight.
Mrs. Weiser said she did not remem
ber the hotel where she had stopped
on Saturday night and Detective Tay
lor will endeavor to locate lt to-day.
Mrs. Weiser told him that she thought
a woman who sat beside her on the
street car had taken her satchel, but
she told the chief that she thought it
had been taken from her on the train.
She did not care for the loss of the
money, as she was wealthy, she said,
but she did not like to bs left in a
strange city with only 22 cents. •
Left Without Funds Among
Strangers, but Chief Witt
man Has Provided for Her
Thief Displays Cunning in
Planning Deed and Makes
Escape by Back Entrance
Committee Reports That Sev
eral Additions Have Been
Made to, the Programme
ON HER WAY TO DENVER
3IEDALS FOR WINNERS
CASH KEGISTER RIFLED
Arrangements Progressing
Smoothly for the Celebra
tion of St. Patrick's Day
Vicious Assault Made Upon
Employe of the Langham
by a Subordinate Attache
Police Investigating the
.Case of Mrs. A. Weiser, an
Old Lady From Milwaukee
BELLBOY ROBS
HOTEL CLERK
GAELIC DANCES
TO BE FEATURE
LOSES SATCHEL
OR IS ROBBED
THE "SAN FRANCISCO CALL'.. MONDAY, MARCH 7, .1004.
Fear Capture of Colliers.
CALAIS. France,' 'March- 6.— In . order
to prevent' their by Russian
warships in the'English Channel or the
Mediterranean Sea,, the -owners of col
liers for Japan 'are. giving their vessels
instructions '; to j proceed to a neutral
port" in China.Hhere . tb_ receive orders
for ; a Japanese "pof t.; In this ' way," it i is
hoped to [assure 1 the safety of the coal,
which' is for Japan's ships.
Burnett's Extract ¦ of Vanilla * is the
leader all 'the world over. Use, no other. • •
14
Remarkable Series :¦"*¦.
of Thrilling Stories.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '._.-,-.'.!
Goldberg Bowen & Co.
FOUR BIG STORES
Quality and Price Sale All the Week
By taking advantage of .these marked down prices
you save money without deteriorating the quality of the
foods set before your family. Whether or not we make
you a permanent customer depends upon the quality of
our goods and the service.
The prices are low enough — come, help us help you
economize.
Groceries
f£ggs — fresh — 2 doz for 35 Molasses — New Orleans 75
Tr__ Cr R & Co kind lb 40 The °P en kettIe
A • V iTt r HrlnH pJl * klnd "« that used to make the
All varied* but B C e brand Cevlon - dcIicious gingerbread of vour
regly50c- 2 lbs /o childhood-reg'ly $1.00 gallon
Chutney-R. B. & Co. 30 S yrup-Tea Garden Drips ¦
Bombay-all kinds— 50 " ** H ea itin ir.itm
reg'ly 40c pint— 60c quart Reg'ly 45c 80c
Gelatine— Cox's— large 12*/* Spectel 40c 70c
Reg'ly 15c— $1.75 doz— 1.50 Best California brand.
See Cox's advertisement in Tomato Catsup
McClure's offering a Mission Reg'ly Spedal
Hall clock for checkerboard boxes Goldberg, Bowen & Co.— pt 20 15
Frtxit Coloring 20 Snider's- pt 25 20
Reg'ly 25c- dozen 2.00 Vinegar— Cider— gal 25
For coloring cakes, custard?, Reg"My35c 5 gal 1.15
ice cream, jelly frostings. syrups, vve guarantee lt pure app ie
confectionery, etc.— Price's cider vinegar
Kitchen Bouquet French WMne Vinegar— bot 20
Tournade's— bot. 25 rrg'ly 25c bot-$2. 75 doz 2 .50
Reg'ly 30c bottle, 3.25 doz 2.75 pi um Pudding— Franco-
For flavoring and coloring soups **. American
Tulienne — Knorr's — pks 15 t ib tin dor iibtin «joi sibtin dot
**J8$£%n do,- £ 1.65 g& | if 1 1| £ g
Prepared vegetables for soup -T . ...
__ \ mm & _ , The holidays are past so we
Bouillon Capsules mark these prices down.
Reg'ly 30c bot— $3.25 doz 25 _, ~ , «. _, «
Beef extract in handy form- o 75 Plum Pudding Sauce
celery flavored— Anker reg'ly 20c— doz. 2.00-tin 15c—
Cocoanut— Schepp's 22^ doz 1 - 65
Ree'ly 30c lb— it has the flavor R.aisins — Seeded — 3 pkgs 25
• of the' fruit upon it Butterfly brand
m^%fMt-^Z^J° A P R pfe E^ porated - 41bs 25
HI R C £?f S r Nut9 - Ib _
Nuts and jckes to crack Libby s— Tin 30
Peaches - Evaporated- 17# Reg'ly 35c tin, 3.75 doz- 3.35
Reg'ly 25c lb— fancy peeled SauerKraut— Imported—
Currants— Cleaned— 10 Reg'ly 3 lbs for 25c— 5Ib25
Reg'ly 15c Ib Deviled Ham-Underwood's
ROSS Brand 10 Smalltin Doz Large tin Doz
Ccn^enTelmHk *££. « "» * f-g
Reg'ly 15c tin, 1.35 doz 1.15 S P ecial 12^ l5 ° , 2l60
Carnation Cream Puree de Foies Gras
Sterilized— Rtg'ly 10c tin— 3 tins 25 Reg'ly 25c tin— doz $2.75 tin 20
Mustard-Louit 20 JSSSS&Z ** * 2 * 35
Reg'ry 25c bot-$2.75 doz 2.25 for sandwiches
several vegetable flavors Cheese — Alcaide
__ - . • i— * a Opal— jar large . dot
Horseradish Mustard R eg '| y 25c $2.75
Gulden's— reg'ly 15c bot 12 !^ Special 20c 2.35
$1 - 75 dozen 1-35 Peppermint, Rasp-
Wheatena lo Kerry (El Strawberry
Reg'ly 20c pkg-$2.15 doz doz 1.75 ™ r f X UU ' rawDe **ry
the parent of breakfast foods.- W afers -reg'ly 35c lb- lb 2o
ready in two minutes-made'by Buttercups and fruit tablets-
Health Food C^New York Cream BiscuitS-2 lb tin
Cream Of Wheat lo Reg'ly 30c— American Biscuit Co. 25
SaSSiESWtaSftwS FigBarCaKes 15
and active minds Rcg'ly 20c for the children
Mushrooms— F. LeCourt and grown-ups alike-15 oz carton
&&^^j£t£ xithe 20 Pimientos Morrones
beneht of the5 case price Spanish Sweet red peppers 20
Canned Fruits— Alcalde "cooking recipes for the asking
Stak^Sncer^o^r , $ "rtf f. tin-,2.85 do« n ,2.10
ffi2^ n hiT/S oz - £? Canned Pea,
reg'ly 25c tin-«2.75 doz 2.2o Mt. Hamilton— 3 tins 25
our label — our responsibility
for quality Reg'ly 12^c tin, 1.40 doz . 1.00
BrooK Trout— tin 20 MacKerel— Broiled-soused 15
Reg'ly 25c tin-*2.65 dozen 2.25 Reg'ly 20c tin— $2.00 doz 1.75
ready to eat from Monterey Bay— Good
Eels— Smoked as other fruits of California
iibtin do* »ih«n dor also Underwood and P. & W.
ft 5 cg '! y , 2? 1*1 5? ¥?- Sardines in Citron—*
Special 2a 2.oO 45 5.2o T^rc<nnn M n in,/
In ; e iiv • l eysbonneau — 12J4
Rez'ly 20 2.40 35 4.00 Reg'ly 15c tin, 1.75 doz- 1.35
Special 17# 2.00 30 3.60 A tasty sardine novelty
Perfumery Department
Listerine — large bot 60 Brillantine — Pinaud's^ — 25
Reg'ly here 65c Reg'ly SOc bot-Hair lustre
Bran Bags - Roger & Gallet 20
Reg'ly 25c — almond meal to ai«h»i»j ¥ m«:a'm ik
soften bath water Almond UtlOIl 15
Calder's Dentine Oakley's— reg'ly 20c bot— makes .
Small -JOc— large 35 a velvety skin
House Furnishing Department
Hunter's Flour Sifter Co R tto1 * **°P- 1 }* 20
Reg'ly 20c-this isn't the Reg'ly 25c, 40c- 1* lbs 30
imi . tatl , On 10 Mop Handle-Extra strong 25
WhisK Brooms— 8 in 20 Rcg'ly 30c— retinned clamp—
Reg'ly 30c— selected corn won't rust— cedar handle
Soup Strainer — Enameline — stove polish
Fine and coarse mesh 20 D ,. c , o , 6 [ or
»i j xi. - «.,« ._ Reg'ly 5 for 25c doz 45c
.^ Made of heavy tm— 9)£ inches \% *- «_ •
diameter at top— rcg'ly 35c Shoe Polish— English
Tt^n A<m; unn^i,^i«n fll . Meltonian Cream— white— for
Bon Ami— window c eaner patent leather 25
A window a minute special 2 for 15 i „?•?;,„ /-r«m f«r Vv ? . 'r
¦r#«r'iw f«r ">«;, j__ Lutetian Uream — tor
regly3for-5c doz g5 tan leather-doz . 2.60
Liquor Department
Beer-rEverard Canada Malt Lager Scotch WhisRey
, doc pts bbl. pts dozqts bbl. qts V O <10ve*rs) hnf < 1 OK rf 1 nrt
Reg'ly $1.55 $14.00 $2.S5 $13.66 V * £ ' S * $E£df StM'S ' W2
special 1.35 13.00 2.10 12.00 u i(rh , an H k,h > w U £°
RocKandRye-Forcolds H.gh.and Club bot j.00 g 8oc
Reg'ly 50c $1.25 $13.50 California Brandy « tr *
special 40c 1.00 10.00 11 * Drana ' old
O. K. WhisRey-bourbon Reg 'iy We & $1% $iaoo $4.00
Reg'ly J 25c We $1*00 $1050 $4% Spedal 40c 7Oc «•«> . 8,00
Special 20c 40c3bot$2 8.00 3.oo Cherry Brandy
Vinde Paysans bot 50 ~ Wynand Fockink
French daret-ltey's doz 5.75 Stone jug-pint reg'ly $1.50-doz $15.50
the best we ever saw for special- 1.25 • " 13.50
the money— reg'ly 60c bot— $7 doz «, - . „ , t ,
Randon Cognac-bot 1.15 1 ' 65
Reg'ly 1.50 bt, 17^0 doz- doz 13.50 Mountain red wine
126-432 Pine St, Tel. Priv. Exchange 1 2829 California St., Telephone West 101
230-234 Sutler St " " V 100 Cor. 13th and Clay Sts., Oakland
f^ Telephone Main 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
in Fancy Goods and
Hosiery Departments
Kneipp Linen Mesh Underwear
We have Just received a large consignment or
ladles' anl men's LINEN MESH UNDERWEAR, "Ins
celebrate! Kneipp Brand," for which we are agents.
The ladles' come In low neck and sleeveless, hftjn neclc
and short slseyes, and high nscfc and long sleeves; also
ankle length drawers and union suits with high neck
and long sleeves. The men's are In medium and heayu
weight shirts and drawers, all sizes from 30 to 46.
The ahove linen mesh garments are made from
pure Irish linen gam, do not shrink in washing, are
veru durable, and are hlghln recommended Jbu th3
medical profession-
NOVELTY LADIES' BELTS in silk, Persian crushed
kid, patent leathsr and glit.
NEW CHAIN PURSES, SHOPPING BAGS and OPERA
BAGS In all the nswest stules,
I NEW PERSIAN BAND TRIMMINGS, APPLIQUES,
FANCY BRAIDS, PLAIN and GOLD BRAIDS, and GILT
and FANCY BUTTONS.
An elegant assortment of NEW OSTRICH FEATHER
BOAS in white, graus and Black.
We hayj Just opened a special Importation or fins
fabric SILK anl LISLE GLOVES In all colors, also
tlack and white.
Ill, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
SEE THE PICTURES.
THE WAVE THAT
GAVE UP ITS PJtEY,
By Albert 1 Sonnichsen.
The First of. a Truly
Dollar I
PremiDm L 1 1 coffees J
Free W " s B p^ e8 i
with Each w«^*i, n_ j fl
Wort h Pftwdef J
f^^rfThey are Beauties -* g
£X^ A thousand kinds /jS\ Q
jj|f to Select from. «^f| 1
I? It Pays to jpl
|L Trade at J |
Great American Importing Tea Co's 1
i s*° res |
* 8C1 Market 210 Grant kt. 1419 Polk H
I 140 Si-th 1319 Deviwdera 703 L«rkin Q
| 475Haicht 2006 Sixteenth 355 Hayes E
£ XS6 Mission 621 Mont£*y ave. 82 Market R
g20dS Fillmor* 2S1G Mission 145 Ninth fan
3 8S8 Third 2732 34th 469 Fourth Rj
Cross babies become good-
natured babies when fed on
Mellin's Food. Mellin's Food
nourishes and pleases.
'Would you like a •ample of Mel!la'» Pood
- ' to try ? You may have one for the asking.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
TURP!N#
! ARROW COLLAR E
j IS CENTS, 2 FOR 29 CENTS Jj
C CLUETT, PEABODV <t CO. 9 ¦
¦ MAKERS OF CLUETT AM9 MOXARCM SM!»T* B J
ASTHMANOLX
is the only cure for 2lervon» and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druzsist or at 58S MAIGHT ST..
San Francisco, Cal.
• jfg \K^fj^.
BAJDWAT'S BEADY XKLXE? has stood
unrivaled betore the- public tor &O rears as i
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relie»«» and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. IniJuenza. Bron-/
chltts. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. N'enrmlr;*^
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Intanun?!
tat Malaria and all Bowel Pain. All druJSwV