PRICE FIVE CENTS.
JAPANESE SOLDIERS,* EN- ROUTE TO THE FRONT. .'MARCHING
THROUGH TOKIO 1 STREETS.-. TO THE CHEERS OF THE PATRI
- OTIC' POPULACE OF THE CAPITAL. CITY.: ' ¦" .*.
Continued on rase 4, Columns 1 and 3
VLADIVOSTOK, March 3.— The, de
tachment of 2500 Japanese troops,; with-"
out artillery, which', arrived at Sohg
chln,; Plaksin 'Bay, , on the northwest
coast of "Korea, on February 19, landed
from Vtheir'- steamships,'' , escorted V by.
three ;' warships, * at j night ' and! started
on a march to Maof urctTari," South Man
churia; close to ; the Korean .border. 'rK ..
The police , havef placarded ; the 'city,
with notices ', in Chinese '. and : Russian,
calling upon the'Chinese to betray. Jap
anese . : spies - masquerading ; in \ Chinese
clothing". ;V;": r -V . , :
Seoul Under Martial Law.
TOKIO, March . 3.— General Inouye.
the Japanese commander at Seoul, with
the consent of the Korean Government,
has issued an order corresponding with
a proclamation. of martial larr.
Xohleman . Equips Field Hospital.
VILNA. Russia, March 3.— General
Count * VernentzonT-rtoshonT, former
Minister for 'Foreign 'Affairs, U ptK
sonally • equipping a field hospital
JAPANESE TROOPS: fe
LANDED AT SONGrCHIN
MARCH SOUTHWARD
LONDON, March 3.— King Edward
is slightly^ indisposed. He is said to
have caught cold while on a visit to
Cambridge on Tuesday. It is expect
ed that his Majesty will be able to go
out to-morrow. The St. James "Ga
zette i£ authority for the statement
that the King's illness is regarded. as
too ; insignificant to call for the issue
of * bulletins. ' : So far as can be fore
seen his Majesty will .be able" to visit
St , Paul's Cathedral next- Sunday, ac
cording to programme.
, The rumored illness of . the King
caused a {slump in the stock; market
and : consols dropped 5-16 ' f rom ; : the
highest quotation of to-day's session.
Special Cable to The^Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1SHM, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Slump in the London Stock
Market After Rumor of
the Sovereign's Illness
SEOUL, March 3. — The Russian
forces at Anju are compelling the Ko
reans to supply; them with rice, fodder
and fuel. The Russians are fortifying
Antung heavily, with the apparent in
tention of preventing the Japanese
crossing the Yalu.
The commander of a British gun
boat . bringing down residents of that
nationality from Songchln reports tho
death of Prince Yl Chal-sun, a nephew
of the former King, and a man who
at various times had filled all the high
posts in the kingdom.
The Argun, belonging ,to the Chinese
Eastern , Railroad', Company, was cap
tured by .the cruisers Sal Ten andvHel
Yen in the neighborhood of Fusah,
Korea, at the outbreak, of the war.- She
was taken to' Sasebo oh February, 10.
The other .prizes, named reached that
port at about, the same time. ¦¦ : -X-^
RUSSIANS FORAGE
UPON INHABITANTS %
OF NORTHERN KOREA 1
NAGASAKI, \ March 3.— The Naval
Prize Court,* in session at Sasebo/, yes
terday upheld, the legality of 'the .'cap*
ture by Japanese cruisers of -the,mer
chant steamships Argun, Mukden,"
Michael, and Russia and the whalers
Nicilai and Alexander. Other cases are
pending. An appeal'was allowed to be
taken within thirty, days. " \
NAVAL PRIZE COURT
SUSTAINS LEGALITY
OF SHIP 'SEIZURES
Vigorous Wind in the Texas
Panhandle Lifts Many Cars
and Demolishes Derricks
,. CHEFU, March 3.— The situation at present is briefly as
follows: \ Although Japan lost »a. small cruiser and;hacTthe ma
. chinery of a; battleship* and another vessel damaged, these lat
ter are now probably fully repaired. In any case; she possesses
. complete command at sea, and will anon, through her sea power,
effectually blockade and isolate Port- Arthur.
In the meantime, the Japanese seem to have decided to make
an advance in strength along the Peking ¦ roadway from Seoul,
her forces having, already advanced from the Korean capital.
Having secured the Yalu River, they will threaten Kirin, cut
ting the railway and menacing Vladivostok, while another force
deals AvithtHe' Liaotung. Peninsula. When the rigor of winter
has moderated I expect an occupation of territory near Dalny.
The, first big land victory for Japan, which is more than
likely, if she keeps. her troops in the rough country, where Cos
sack cavalry is of little- value, .will mean an authorized rising
of Chinese, -who' will lend a great helping hand, for their Man
chiirian horsemen. are among ihe best in the world. -
YINKO.W, March 3.— The Russians are sawing .off the
masts of the Si vootch, intending to use her. as a floating fort.
They are . going to place ' mines at the river mouth. The British
and American gunboats now in Newchwang will be piloted out
between the mines. ¦
The, prices of all commodities at Port, Arthur are now fixed
by the authorities, 1 and. 'are not high. All shops are open. ' The
I band plays on the boulevard every Sunday. The public sale of
/alcoholic . liquid • to any person has . been v forbidden ' Any officer
civilian found intoxicated is condemned to Hard labor on the
¦fort. A Russian merchant found' selling'drink lately was con
demned to fifty lashes. ,
The theaters and cafes are closed. There is plenty of fresh
. meat- [ ' } . , :¦ /.
; .-. . -A Scotchman named 'Gilchrcst has been employed to. raise the
Retvizan. He -is always' on board, and, is treated with "great con
: sideration. He has beey. given a • sumptuous cab on the side
oft the ship likely to be struck by the' next ..torpedo.
Russian soldiers' are robbing the Chineseiy wholesale along
the railway /i and,- as a result, the* Chinese. are desperate. Several
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. • Copyright, 1904, by
the New t York Herald Publishing' Company.
Japan Is Ready to Strike for Supremacy
on the Korean Frontier.
TOKIO, March A— An intrigue on. the
part of the opposition against the con
clusion of the Japanese-Korean proto
col culminated -in r the * throwing . of
bombs at the residences of the" 1 Foreign
Minister, and his secretary early. Thurs
day morning. They escaped uninjured.
SHANGHAI, ,, March "3.— A dispatch
from • Chengch'ow.; province' of > Kwei
chow, China,- 'announces that a 4 rebel
lion has; broken out against the Boxer
indemnity: tax." The sub-prefect's resi
dence : was - ; looted yesterday. - ' ¦ •
PORT SAID, Egypt, March' 3.— As .a
result of a: collision between a Russian
torpedo boat and an" Egyptian revenue
cutter at Dantara,' in the canal, the
cutter was sunk. -;There: were no.'cas 1
ualties. The canal will be 'blocked, for
at least twenty-four hours.
LIBAU, Russia,' March 3.7-A , careful
inquiry has disproved I the' allegation
that British agents' had been purchas
ing horses here for shipment to .the
Japanese. The purchases made, are no
greater than In former, years.
PARIS, March 4.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of , the; Matin telegraphs
that Vice Admiral Makaroff 1 , has ar
rived at Port Arthur.
Liaoyang Is on the Port Arthur-
Harbin Railroad. Muotienling is to the
southeast and evidently has an army
behind It,' as well as In It, to prevent a
simultaneous attack, which. If suc
cessful, would seemingly open the wax
to complete Japanese control of tha
railroad.
- The Japanese movement which tha
Russians seem to fear— a . landing in
force at Newchwang or Yenkon — would
involve the sending of transports past
Port Arthur and up Into the Gulf of
Liaotung.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 3.—Offi
cials at the Ministry of War announce
that Russia's preparations to meet the
enemy at any point* in Manchuria are
now , in such a state of advancement
that they can be completed before the
Japanese can effect: an.invasion of any
consequence. It is expected that the
Japanese will attempt to force a pas
sage across the Yalu River and then
advance along the Muotienling line to*
ward Liaoyang. • Muotienling is con
sidered impregnable, unless the Rus
sian position is flanked by a fore*
landed in the region of Newchwang.
To prevent a landing there Viceroy
Alexieff Is exerting every precaution,
¦ In the event of Alexieff failing to
prevent it, the Japanese will find the
Russians in -force' at all points com
manding the road i toward their rear
and an army defending Muotienling.
The Russians have converted all of
Southern Manchuria into a veritable
wilderness of trenches and earthworks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Manchuria a Wilder
ness oi Russian
Trenches.
BomfeHurMat Res
idences of Japan's
Officials.
KING SUFEERS
FROM A COLD
By the authorities who have him In
charge Stark is considered a shrewd
crank, with only the one dangerous
hobby for the use of explosives, of
which he lias made a study. Otherwise
he is considered sane and being a well
read man of more than ordinary ability
his presentation of his defense prom
ises to be able.
That he made threats against Mr.
Huntington and his son there is no rea
son to doubt. He told several attorneys
what he I proposed to do, they having
refused to institute a damage suit for
him. He was closely watched by de
tectives day and night and on one oc
casion tried to reach Mr. Huntlngton
in his hotel, but an officer frustrated
the attempt. It is also known that
Stark priced explosives and for -days
spent many hours in the vicinity of ths
railroad offices.
* *
LOS ANGELES, March 3.— Joseph II.
Stark, who was arrested yesterday
afternoon for insanity and accused of
threatening to blow iip the Huntlngton/
shaps.and to kill H. E. Huntingdon, tiig
son and all the employes of the com'
pany with dynamite, proposes to stren
uously contest the effort to have him
committed to ah asylum. If he can
prove the allegations he makes, and he
says he can, the case will be a most
sensational one.
Stark has interested certain fraternal
organizations in his case, secured coun
sel and says he will fight for his liberty.
He charges that owing to the fact that
he was injured In a street railway ac
cident the company desires to prevent
him from prosecuting a damage suit in
the courts and to that end the de
tectives of the company have had him
arrested as an insane person. He does
not deny^that he visited certain places,
but asserts that the railway detective3
plied him with liquor, aroused his anger
against the company and caused him to
say things which he would not have
said In his sober moments. He denies
that he remembers having made any
threats, avers that it was never , his
intention to use explosives to enforce
his demands upon the company and
declares that his arrest Is the result
of persecution. to prevent him from se
curing a just return from the company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER. March 3.— Belated reports
of damage by wind yesterday and last
night are being received from South
ern Colorado and Northwestern Texas.
In. the Texas Panhandle a hurricane
blew freight cars off the track and
damaged ranch buildings and fences.
A Colorado and Southern passenger
train was brought to a standstill, being
unable to proceed against the wind.
At Weston, Colo., near Trinidad, large
lumber stacks were demolished and the
contents strewn over the country.
At Florence, Colo., a number of oil
derricks were prostrated. The Union
Oil Company was the heaviest loser.
The top of 'one of its huge oil tanks
was blown off and sand and dirt mixed
with the oil, rendering it unfit for use.
The tallest stack on its new refinery
and the boiler-house connected with
the refinery were wrecked. Several
buildings in the town of Florence were
badly damaged.
Telephone poles from Colorado
Springs clear to the southern line were
blown over, incapacitating the long
distance service. .Considerable other
damage was done in other places along
the eastern slope of the mountains.
No less of life or serious injury to per
sons has been reported.
women and children fought the fire for
four hours.
Great damage to farm buildings,
Btock and grain is reported from Cul
ver, Lincoln, Colbert, Marquette... Ells
worth, Kanopolis, Graham, Ellis, Rus
sell, Lakin. Hill City, Concordla and
other places.
At Deerfield, seven miles from Lakin,
the school children were kept in the
school building until after 9 o'clock at
night, until all danger had . passed. • f *
At Hill'City the people rushed to the
Solomon River to escape the fire. No
fatalities resulted. 1
In Lincoln County the fire cut a path
two miles wide and ten miles long. Sim
ilar reports are received ' from' other
counties
Most of the fires burned out during
the night. Hoi ¦ <
It tooK the most desperate efforts on
the part of Gypsum City people to pre
rent the town from burning. Men,
GYPSUM CITY SAVED.
. Many narrow escapes from death are
. reported, but so far as known only one
porsor.— Frank McG raw of Bird City
•was burned to death. No estimate is
-made of the aggregate damage, but it
is very high. Around Salina, eight fires
'ivere burning at practically the same
• time.
Stories are coming in to-night of how
families lay out on the barren prairie
throughout the freezing night after the
Etorm had passed with only the thin
clothes on their backs as reminders of
once prosperous homes. Hundreds of
people are destitute, and are suffering
Intensely in the cold and with the ex
cruciating pains occasioned by their
burns. Clothing, medicine and physi
cians are being sent out from all the
cities and towns of the district to re
lieve the suffering.
TOPEKA. Kans.. March 3.—Numer
ou" report* a c;mtnsr in from K.»nsa<
counties telling of heavy losses from
last night's prairie fire. In almost
every instance the fires were caused
V>y people burning stubble and pasture
lands. The high wind came unexpect
edly and the fires were beyond control
ir. a short time.
This served the purpose of checking
the advance lines of the fire, but was
of little avail In hindering the contin
ued rolling of the firebrands Into the
streets of the city. In more than a
hundred places flames arose from
dwellings, barns and outhouses, but
wherever a blaze grew men were pres
ent to quench it with water. As a re
eult of the cool Judgment of the fight
.cra the city's loss was only $10,000.
FAMILIES ARE HOMELESS.
Two thousand men turned their ef
forts to checking the grass borders of
the reservation at the city limits. Wa
ter from every source, carried in every
conceivable way, was distributed along
the line and carried all around the city
limits.
Late at night the fire began moving
.southward toward this city. At 12
o'clock midnight 5000 people of this
city were up to battle with the flames.
The advance line of the fire was fully
•two miles in length and moved in a
B'emicircle form.
. . At Hobart, the county seat of Kiowa
County, the fire destroyed numerous
outlying buildings. The 75.000 acres of
Government, military and timber and
Indian reserve near Hobart were swept,
vrilh a loss of buildings and cattle. In
the Homestead district near Lawton
occurred the loss erf life noted above.
THOUSANDS FIGHT FIRE.
LAWTON*, Ok., March 3.— Prairie
fires that swept over large portions of
Kiowa and Comanche counties yester
day afternoon and last night destroyed
hundreds of farm buildings and much
livestock, made 1CC0 persons homeless,
-auE^d the . death at- several persons,
.threatened a number of towns and
sxvept away scores of buildings in the
outskirts of the towns. Two deaths are
vorincd:
- DR. HARSIOXD, six miles from
Lawton; body found.
Unknown boy, body found on prairie
near Lav.ton; tx/dy burned beyond
identification.
John Harmond and a daughter of
Mrs. Henderson, living near Lawton,
v.ere fatally burned.
The country was very dry, no rain
having fallen for months. Grass and
Etubble fires set by farmers, as is cus
tomary at this season of the year, were
driven beyond control by a violent gale
•which rose suddenly. All estimates erf
the loss exceed $200,000.
GALE UPSETS
FREIGHT TRAIN
The wagon bridge across the river at
Grand Rapids went out last night, and
railroad officials here fear for the three
railroad bridges. The citizens are great
ly alarmed.
*— : *
TOLEDO. Ohio, March 3.— Toledo Is
to-night bottled up between two great
ice gorges, and the city is' endangered.
The water In the Maumee River, in the
heart of the city, is seven feet above
mean level to-night and is stationary.
At the- mouth of the iTver* thereTs~an
Ice gorge which it is believed extends
for six miles and is backed by ice three
feet thick on Lake Erie. This is hold-
Ing the water back In the city.. There is
yet a greater volume of water above
the city, which Is being held in a series
of gorges. One is at Cottonwood Island
and another at Grand Rapids. The lat
ter extended in both directions from
that place as far as the eye can see. The
water there is twenty-six feet above
normal and the entire town is inun
dated.
Ttto Thousand Men Work Desperately
and Succeed in Saving Town of
Lawion From Destruction..
Detectives Tell of the Prisoner's At
tempt at Night to Reach Hunt
ington at His Hotel.
Railroad Officials Fear That Three Im
portant Bridges Will Be Lost in
a Terrific Storm.
Police Learn That the Sup
posed^ Lunatic Priced
Explosives.
Immense Volume oi Water
Completely Inundates
Grand. Rapids,
Oklahoma People in Flight
Before a Ruining Con
flagration.
Lives Are Lost In a
Furious Prairie
Fire.
Los Angeles Man De
nies He Sought
Many Lives.
Ice Gorges Threaten
Safety or Folk
in Toledo.
PROMISES
FIGHT FOR
LIBERTY
FAMILIES
RACE FROM
THE FLAME
TORRENTS
ENDANGER
THE CITY
CHEFU, March 3.— Six Japanese cruisers, escorting ten transports, have i been sighted steaming in the direction of the Gulf of Liaotung. This movement
is connected with the reported intention to effect a landing north of Saddle Bay, for the capture of Newchwang. From Russian sources come reports of
an engagement yesterday in the vicinity of the Yalu River between small parties of scouts, who exchanged shots and retired. The Japanese forces have
approached to within three days' march of the Russian encampment, the latter retiring to await reinforcements. Owing to the heavy weather it is difficult
to proceed. A big battle is expected shortly. .;
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, bv the New York Herald Publishing Coinpanj r .
RUSSIAN OUTPOSTS RETIRE BEFORE THE JAPANESE ADVANCE IN KOREA;
ARMY OF BROWN MEN NOW LANDING TO LAY SIEGE TO NEWCHWANG
TEE WSATBZS.
Forecast made at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours ending
midnifffct, SSarch 4:
Saa 3?rancisco aad vicinity —
Cloudy, unsettled weather Fri
day, with showers; brisk south
erly winds.
A. Q. McABIE,
Forecast Official.
ft.' 7E2 TESATZ3S.
Alcazar — "Mis* SoTsbi."
California — "Sag' Harbor."
Central— "A Break for IdTjerty."
Columbia — "The Old Home
stead."
Chute* — Vaudeville.
Plsclier'* — "Boly-Poly."
Grand — "Hills of California."
Orpbenm — Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "The Gypsy Baron."
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 95.
SA-N FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, -MARCH 4, 1904.Senator Smith ,'." confessed to having
more than one family,, yesterday;, this
should not have, been necessary if he had
purchased. a gas range ' from' San.Fran
cisco'-" Gas and • Electric C0.7 :. "415 Post
street. . His < dinner at one : bouse ; would
always have been oatime» ; . .-.. *
CAPE HAYTIEN, Haytl, March 3.— The
soldiers -of ilie I>omlniean Government have
been victorious at La Viga and have, captured
the ' town of Mombe.
CHICAGO, March 3.— Fourteen
members of the Chicago National
League team left here to-nigh't over
the Santa Fe road : for Los • Angeles,
where tb^ey will do their spring train-
Ing. -The other members of : the team
hot . already . in California will be
picked uo en route.'- :
Chicago Team Starts West.
STOCKTON, March .3.— The streams
around the islands have fallen slightly
the past few hours, and while the water
is still running through the breaks on
to the rich lowlands no new breaks
were " reported to-day. Bouldln Island
la still safe and the indications are
that it will be saved unless there should
be heavy rains above . Sacramento.
There was a light shower here to-night
and there may be more rain before
morning, .but it will not affect the
streams in this vicinity. Thers is not
the least "danger of a ; flood in Stockton.
Bouldln Island Will Be Saved Unless
There Should Be Heavy Rains
Above Sacra men to. .
WATER IS STILL POURING
THUOUGII HOLES IX LEVEES
BAKERSFIELD,... March 3.— Merle
Manley, a 'prominent contractor - of
this city, has been missing since the
1st of December^ His wife received a
letter from him saying that "a ghost
of the past had come into his life and
that he had. to go." He owns'prop
erty here 'and his parents, at Mount
Vernori,' Ohio, are wealthy. 'He is' be
lieved'to be mentally deranged from
a J>low on the head > receive'd some
years ago. . At; the "time of his disap
| pearance he, had several hundred dol
lars. He- is 'reported to have b<ien
1 seen*1h* Reri6, i Nev.V f flVe^weeli8''aso.
Writes to His Wife .That a Ghost of
the Past Had Compelled Him
to Leave Home.
BAKERSFIELD CONTRACTOR
MYSTERIOUSLY' 1 DISAPPEARS
companies. Lacy replied that he"
found no evidence of wrongdoing on
the part of members of that commis
sion.
Stephens of Texas, -the ranking
minority member of the .Committee on
Indian Affairs, held the Secretary of
the Interior responsible for delay in
action ori applications from the In
dians of Indian Territory for en
rolling, ; and criticized 'his rulings in
that connection. He said applications
had been held up by' order of the Sec
retary.
The House, at 5 p. m., adjourned un
til' to-morrow. '
Rube Smith, the Denver right
weight, who wants to undertake S to
put Spider Welch out In fifteen rounds,
can have the match before Alex
Greggaina*. club. Welch only weighs
128 pounds, so he asks Smith to weigh
not niore than 133 pounds at 3
o'clock. Welch is so confident that he
can stay fifteen rounds that he wants
to make aside bet of $500 and also to
have the winner take all the purse.
As each boxer feels so confident >the
match should be an easy one tomake.'
Smith Wants to Fight Welch.
Walter Garrey, professor of physi
ology in the Cooper Medical College,
will deliver a lecture at the college
this evening on "Fermentation." This
wiJl be the fifth of the series of Lane
lectures.
Garrey Will Lecture.
• Doogan Avas a. quiet, sober and indus
trious man . and no motive can be as
signed for the suicide. He had been
foreman of the. Cordelia section since
last November.
VALLEJO, March 3. — Daniel Doogan,
employed as a section foreman by the
Southern Paci^c , Company, committed
suicide by hanging himself in the com
pany's toolhouse at Cordelia some time
yesterday afternoon. When he was dis
covered life was extinct. , Doogan had
fastened a piece of bale rope about his
neck, climbed upon the frame of a
grindstone which sto'od in the house
and made the other end of the . rope
fast to < a rafter in the building. This
done, he stepped off the' frame. Death
resulted from strangulation.
Daniel Doogan, an Employe of the
Southern Pacific Company, Com
mits Suicide.
SECTIOX FOREMAN HANGS
HIMSELF AT CORDELIA
talion. '
Double time in reckoning time for re
tirement of officers is allowed for ser
vice In China, -Cuba, the. -Philippines,
Guam and Panama: In the discretion
of the Secretary "of War, 25 per centof
the arWbunt paid officers and men may
be in Philippine currency at the. ratio
of two pesos to one dollar. Officers who
served in the Civil War and who have
not reached the grade of brigadier gen
eral It is provided may retire with an
advance of one erade.
WASHINGTON, March 3.— The Sen
ate committee 'to-day "completed con
sideration of the army appropriation
bill. Among the changes mi.de are the
following:
Military cable from .Sitka to ¦ Fort
Liscum, AJaska, $321,580; for. shelter; of
troops serving in- Panama, $100,000, to
be immediately available ; (this is an
appropriation to meet any future pos
sible exigencies calling- > for troops) ;
vagon road from Valdez'to Fort Eg
bert, Alaska;' $25,000; bridging the Spo
kane River neairFort 7 "Wright, Wash.,
road to be constructed in, conjunction
with the authorities of Spokarie; 590,000;
hospital at Fort Riley,;K«n3.,.. $50,000;
hospital at Fort Leavenworth, Kans.,
$30,000. An appropriation of $10,000 Is
ir.ade for a national rifle i*ange at Fort
Riley. The provisional regiment in
Porto Rico is Increased by one bat-
Consideration of Appropria
tions for the Nation's Mili
tary Service Is Completed
Boys of the High School planted
palms around the Normal square. The
trees were furnished by the city. All
the streets in Naglee Park, the best
residence portion of the city, were
lined with palm trees to-day. About
the city the day was generally -ob
served by a cleaning up and beautify
ing ;6f homes. The various towns V of
the county, also observed the day. S
SAK JOSE, March 3. — Business men
and society-ladies planted hundreds
of trees, along Alum Rock avenue to
day .in honor of Arbor day. The
Chamber of Commerce, the Grange,
Highway Improvement Club, Women's
Club and the Native Sons and Daugh
ters of the Golden West took charge
of different, sections of the road, and
when they finished their work this af
ternoon both sides of the roadway for
miles had been planted with young
trees. President W. P. Lyon of the
Highway Improvement Club was kept
busy directing the tree-planting. Much
of the avenue was planted last year,
but .many of the trees died, and these
were replaced to-day. Monterey
pines and elmB principally were plant
ed on Alum Rock avenue.
San Jose-. Business Men and Society
Ladies Plant Hundreds of Trees
Alorfg Alum Rock Avenue.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY
CELEBRATES ARBOR DAY
When is a piano not a piano?
When it is an orchestra, with Harold
Bauer at the baton!
Mr. Bauer's "Walkurenritt" of last
night's recital — his own and a brilliant
arrangement, by the way — set one to
suspecting the superfluousness of the
orchestra. It was superbly adequate
as a transcription and played with a
wild sweep, a massive volume of tone—
marvelously differentiated in color —
that gave the .noble turmoil of the
Walkyrie ride with true orchestral
magnificence.* The applause that fol
lowed bordered on the hysterical.
But Mr. Bauer "began with Beethoven,
the Appassionata Sonata. Here the
pianist is at his most— until perhaps hi3
Schumann. The first movement I have
never heard more nobly rendered. Mr.
Bauer's sense of rhythm is hypnotic.
I noticed both in the Beethoven and
Schumann sonatas (of the other even
ing) the accuracy of the intervals be
tween each movement. The pianist
had his audience absolutely hypnotized
— not a hand marred the sacred stretch
of silence. Barring what to me seemed
a- certain overcharged sentiment m
the second variation of the Andante,
the performance spelt perfection. ?
The Schumann "Krelslerlana" again
fcund Mr. Bauer in brilliantly respons
ive mood. It is a 'delicatessen counter
oi whimsies, their caprice, witchery,
romance, finding subtlest sympathy in
their Interpreter. The legato of. tha
second number was a. particular won
der of bell-like tones. The remaining
pieces included the Mendelssohn Cap
rlccio (E .minor), Brahm's Intermezzo,
Prelude and Barcarolle of Chopin, and
the Liszt D flat Etude. The Wagner-
Brasstn "Fire Music"* was Included
among the encores. A large house waa
in attendance and was rapturously re
sponsive. The farewell recital is dated
for Saturday afternoon, with the A flat
(op. ' 110) . sonata of Beethoven as chief
ornament.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
VICTORIA, & C. March 3.—Lead
ing sealing men interviewed here as
to what effect Congressman Robin
son's bill to prohibit the killing of
seals on the Pribyloff Islands .would
have on Canadian sealing .Interests
say that they do not believe Congress
will allow the bill to pass, but that if
it did it would improve the price of
skins in London. The sealers here are
not much concerned about the pro
posed measure, as they say that it can
only have the effect of destroying a
monopoly enjoyed by an American
company and ultimately benefit the
Victoria sealers. They are aware that
the PribyJoff Island Company, is doing
well every season and if prohibited
from killing there would probably
take to pelagic sealing, like the Ca
nadians.
Claim the Passage of Robinson's BUI
Would Improve Price of Skins
Sold In London.
CANADIAN SEALERS
ARE NOT CONCERNED
SENATORS FIX
THE ARMY BILL
PIANO SEEMS
AN ORCHESTRA
UNDER BAUER
The Fencers' League will give an
exhibition to-night at Scottish Hall.
In addition to boxing, fencing, single
sticks and other sports, there will be
dancing.
Fencers* League Exhibition.
WASHINGTON, March 3.— The In
terior. Department to-day rejected all
the bids submitted several days ago for
the supply of from 150,000 to 250,000 bar
rels of Portland cement to the Govern
ment for the Salt River Irrigation pro
ject in Arizona. The action is the result
of the alleged excessive prices submitted
by the cement manufacturers, the de
partment stating that first-class Port
land cement can be manufactured at
the dam site on Salt River from good
materials at hand there for less' than
$3 a barrel, including the entire cost
of the plant, fuel, operation, etc. This
figure would make a saving of about
$2 a barrel, the department report says,
on the basis of the lowest regular bid,
or a saving of $300,000 for 150,000 bar
rels, or $500,000 for 250,000 barrels, the
largest amount to be supplied.
The department will now consider tho
question of erecting a plant for the
Government manufacture of the ce
ment, the purchase of the supply in
open market or readvertiseraent of bids.
Secretary Is of the Opinion That Price
Asked by Manufacturers for Port
land Cement 14 Too Iligh.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT
It EJECTS ALL BIDS
O'Brien was admitted to St. Eliza
beth's Asylum In 1893. He was la,ter
paroled, but was returned in 1897. He
served in the Sixth Cavalry and the
Third Artillery.
The greatest consternation prevail-'
ed in the department when the. sound:
of the shooting was heard. Women
rushed from the rooms, screaming and
soon were 'joined by a number of the
male clerks. From every quarter came
army officers in uniform and a vast
throng clogged the corridors, where
O'Brien was struggling to break away
from his captors. The man was taken
to the police station. It required four
men to get him out of the building.
O'Brien, or Duffy, came to the War
Department early and hung around
the building for more than an hour.
He was escorted to the record divi
sion by Charles Brandt, the chief of
the division, and expressed dissatis
faction with his discharge papers.
Then, without a word of warning/ he
drew a pistol from his pocket and
aimed it at Brandt's head, j* ,;Brandt
dodged and the bullet entered the'
arm of Wieker. He then turned the
weapon upon Miss Sexton and fired.
She, too, dodged" and the bullet strucjk
Manning. There Were five other
clerks in the room at the time and but
for the quickness of Messenger Daw
son the maniac undoubtedly would
have shot, them all. - Dawson, how
ever, grabbed- him- and held him until
assistance came. . =. •*--¦.-.-..; ,
WASHINGTON, March 3. — Armed
with a ¦ reyblver; , William J. O'Brien,
alias William DuffjY an insane dis
charged!,.soldier, to;day entered the
War Department and, going to the
Mail and' RecordDivision, shot Robert
J. Manning, a messenger, and Arthur
Wieker, a clerk; another bullet nar
rowly missing Miss Emma . Sexton,
another^clerk. The Injury to Manning
is on the right side and is regarded
as dangerous. Wieker was shot in the
arm. t . /
Before*. the" maniac cduld.'flre'a third
time : he was ; overpowered by James
J. Dawson,ua .messenger. "It required
the combined '¦ efforts of half a dozen
men- to^subdu'si.ithe'; man.. Prominent'
ampng. them was^ Lieutenant General^
Adna'R: Chaffee, chief of staff. .The
lunatic stilPheld the smoking weapon'
in his hand when General Chaff ee no
ticed it and with his left hand took
the weapon from him and also, some
papers in his pocket. Majors Kearn
and Ireland of the Surgeon General's
staff were hastily summoned and gave
first "aid" to ¦ the injured men before
they \yere taken to the Emergency
Hospital. '1~c"'-£; - '. ¦ . . '.
"What evidence : have you : . that he
ever made that' 'boast?"- queried
Shackleford of; Missouri.
."No evjdence but' newspaper reports,"
replied Scott. , -":¦., . ,
The House ! passed the Disfyict of Co
lumbia- appropriation bill • and then be-^
gan consideration of theilndflan-appro
priation bill. l Sherman of Jffew ;York.
chairman 'Of th*e! Committee .'on Indian
Affairs, explained the provisions of. the
bill. He.'said it provided that,t2ie Dawes
Commission- should conclude •, Its work
by .'.• July, 7 . 1005, ,^and then termflnate. ' ; '
Flnley .., : of ¦ South " Carolina J asked
Lacy ' of Iowa, who -j had ' 'defended
the commission," if he thought It was
for" the : best interest' of .^the' IniJian Ter
ritory! : to have ; members . "of ; thj? tDawes
Commission interested : in inwatnient
Williams, the minority Leader,
charged that Mr! Roosevelt had, dined
with Booker ,T. Washington to carry
the light of example^, to the South,
which does not belteve in social equal
ity. When a . question is raised, he
s*iid, against the appointment , of a
negro \, to .position in- the South, th?
statement is made that, there pan be
no discrimination oh account of color,
but, added Williams, 'the administra
tion would . not ii appoint. . a j China
man as... a • postmaster ry>n- s the f Pacific
Coast if he possessed the ability of Li
Hung Chang. .-. l \ v;.;.;,^
"I remember.distinctly that when Mr.
Taylor came baclc^frbm ; Washington,"
said j Scott, "preceded" , by,. . the an
nouncenieritjthat he had !been appoint
ed to the office of recorder of. deeds in
the District of Columbia I by" President
Cleveland,' his friends met him at "the
Union' Depot," Kansas. Cit7, with a car
riage to. which 'was' attached' four white
hbrses. A committee was 'with the car
riage and' he was escorte^d to a public
hall' and' 'then he boasted, according to
the" repdrts'of the"- hew^ropers, that I it
remained for a 'Democratic President,
notwithsfandirig the professed good will
to the negro always "made by the. Re
publicans, 1 to entertain at his table. at
the' White' House 'for the \flrst time a
negro.; The ' matter 'was' published so
broadly and generally throughout the
State of Kansas that it waCs impressed
upon my memory."."" -
PIjAIXT ' PROM 3IIXORITY.
"Again." he. continued, "he was the
friend' of the colored man, Tsut he was
also the friend' of the Southern -white
man, and sympathized with; us in our
race problems and race burdens, and
that, sir, is more than Mr. 'Roosevelt
seems ever to have done.".
' Scott said he accepted the state
men'of Mr. Cleveland as true' and of
fered his' apology to- the former Pres
ident. In justice to himself,. said Scott,
he desired to say that he never before
heard the'report" denied.
Swanson of Virginia asked Scott
where ' he had .-heard the report, to
which Scott replied that he had
seen the /statement In -newspapers.
Swanson asked further for. a copy of
a newspaper containing the statement.
Scott explained . that these statements
were made ¦ several v- years ; ago, and
the papers might not be easily pro
cured. He - said that he had. made
full apology to Mr. Cleveland. Scott
added . ;: that he had brought . to Mr.
Cleveland for the -first time in., four
years applause from -the Democratic
Bide. .;. This was loudly • applauded on
the majority side of the,chamber.
"My inquiries concerning Mr. Taylor
before his appointment, my observation
of him" during his incumbency and the
little I have known of him since con
vince me that his character is very un
justly attacked in the diatribe Mr.,
Scott. ' One charge is "made against
Mr. Taylor -by Scott which he doubly
clinqhes with truth, when he declares:
'He was a black nego.'
"I am led, however, to 'doubt his fa
miliarity with his subject when* he
adds, 'as black as you ever saw.'
Yours, very truly,
' "GROVER CLEVELAND."
"Webb said 'he wanted this denial to
travel, that the statement of •' Scott
might be overtaken:
' "Mr.' Cleveland was "a friend of the
negro/ but not*' a fool - friend,"- i said
Webb'.'" "He* never f by word or action
encouraged the- dream of social equal
ity in the breast of the black man:"
' This ! was ¦ greeted with, applause by
the Democrats. • -, ¦. ' .
. "PJUXCETON, . N. J., March 2 ~mu
Hon. E. Y., Webb, House of : Repre
sentatives, Washington, D. C— Dea«
Sir: It is; a matter of small , concern,
to me that a Mr. Scott has seen fit to
use my name . in a display of his ,evi£
propensities on the floor of the Houses
of Representatives.' ;
"In answer to your inquiry, however,*
I- have to say of his statement that thei
colored man, C H.. J. Taylor, took^
lunch with me lat the White House,
that it Is a deliberate falsification, out
of the : whole cloth. .'cc ;
"As far as Mr. .Taylor. is concerned,..
I understand, prior to his appointments
as , Register of Deeds at Washington*
that he had served as an assistant in:
the: office of the City Attorney at Kan
sas City. His nomination, as Register
was confirmed by the .Senate and he
served in that place with intelligence
and with efficiency. He has since, died.
Some people restrain themselves from
abusing the dead.
SPEECH A "DIATRIBE."
Webb of North Carolfna," calling at-.;
tention' to -the' statement made' a few.1
days ago by S^btt of Kansas that a-,
negro had dined' in. the White House:
while Cleveland was* President, an-«
nounced that he hadwritten the formers;
President, sending him an extract from!
the Record, and asking if the state*;
ments made by Scott were true. -. : ./,
"This morning," "he said, "I received
the following reply," which : he ''read;
amid applaiise on the Democratic side*,
as, follows: V '.
WASHINGTON, March 3. — The
House' to-day In the Committee'of the
•whole resirined consideration of the
District of Columbia appropriation bill.
,*'But the .naval officer is a naval pfll
cer," 6aid he," "pure and simple, and the
'American navy bounds his complete
hcrizon. To him the navy is right and
the naval; board has run too much in
the direction of enormous ships."
The naval, board programme contem
plated forfy-elght battleships and
twenty-four armored cruisers, and
when that stage was reached an ap
propriation"; of: $200,000,000 a year would
be'necessary for the navy. He thought
it probable that the appropriation re
quired next "year would be $120,000,l>00.
If, :,however, the scale should be kept
-down to the present rate of increase,
the appropriation would be increased.
At the suggestion of Hale an appro
priation- of $400,000 for the restoration
of the frigate Constitution was in
serted.
i The Senate at 5:09 p. m. went Into
executive session and at 5:15 p. m. ad-
Jdurned.; .-'V ¦-¦.:) . <1>
"In our navy," said Hale, "there Is
talk of putting many of our vessels,
such as the Oreiron, Indiana and oth
ers of the same class, on the retired
list."
"I hope they won't retire the Oregon,"
said Stewart.
"Well, they ought not to," said Hale,
"but she has not the stateroom facil
ities that meet the fancy of naval offi
cers. She has the same number of
13-inch guns and the same fighting
capacity. Nothing suits naval officers
except the largest battleships."
; He expressed the opinion that the
present war in the Orient would show
that other vessels are more valuable
than large battleships, but admitted
that no definite conclusions could be
drawn until the smoke lifted.
Hale said he had no censure for?;the
officers of the navy.
Hale classed Great Britain first,
France second and the United States
third in naval strength, saying the
popular impression that Germany out
ranked this country ' was fallacious.
Hale acceded to a proposition by Per
kins that in effectiveness of appliances
the United States stood next to Great
Britain. This was due to the fact that
we had been able to take advantage
of the mistakes of European powers.
Hale said that Japan was the small
est of the naval powers, with the ex
ception of Austria, but had' an advan
tage in. being only a few hundred
miles from the farthest naval opera
tions In which she might become In
volved. ' n 'i ?> •// ','¦'¦'
"WASHINGTON, March 3. — For al
most four hours to-day the • Senate,
while technically engaged on the naval
appropriation bill, discussed a wide
range of subjects, including the pol
icy of the United States in the Philip
pine Islands and the Russo-Japanese
war. The principal participants were
Messrs. Hale, Bacon, Lodge, Depew,
Patterson, Perkins and Money. Hale,
In charge of^the naval bill, criticized
the plans of the naval board as to. an
establishment beyond the needs of
the country. . •
Lodge, Depew and Perkins defended
the naval officers. Lodge declared a
large navy essential to the mainte
nance'of peace. Money said he did
not consider the total appropriation
of $96,000,000 carried by the bill as
excessive under our present policy in
the . Orient. He, 1 however, "criticized
the policy, as did other Democratic
speakers.
Chief of Staff of the Army
Disarms Vthe Intruder
After -^ Much Fighting
Statement That Colored 3Ian
1 Had Lunch at White House
Is Declared a Fabrication
Expresses Opinion That War
in Orient Will Show True
Value of Large Battleships
HALE IN CRITICAL MOOD
CJIAFFEE IN A STRUGGLE
WARM WORDS FOR SCOTT
Former President Makes a
Sharp Reply to Accusation
That He Dined a Negro
Senators A re A llo wed G reat
Latitude While Discussing
Naval Appropriation Bill
Discharged Soldier Enters
War Department Build
ing' and Tries to Murder
MANIAC FIRES
AT THE CLERKS
CLEVELAND'S
IRE AROUSED
DEBATE TAKES
A WIDE RANGE
THE SAN PEAMCSCOCAU, FMDAV, MiCuCH 1 Ml
2
-To Cure a Cold in One Day.- .k* :'¦
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine ¦ Tablets.' i'Alt
druggist* refund the moBey^tf .ltifalls t« cure '
E. W. Grove' a Bimature la on each box." 25c •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
Exclusive
fiigh-Grade Clothiers
Ko Branch Stores, No AsenU.
IF WE COULD SHOW YOU
I REAL SMART CLOTHES
CORRECTLY MODELED
WITH THE NEWEST FABRICS
THAT FIT IMMEDIATELY
COULD YOU BE DIVORCED
FROM YOUR TAILOR?
Street
T h u r 1 o w -B 1 6 c k
DR. KILMER'S S"W'AJ)IP-IIOOT.
WITH A LAME BACK?
is Zi - ""* ~*
Ma\/o Vou Rheumatism, Kidmety.
L-iv/er or Bladder Trouble?
To Frove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver
and Bladder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Pain or dull ache in the back is un- is evidence that your kidneys and blad-
mistakable e\-idcncc cf kidney trouble, der need immediate attention. ¦,
It is nature's timely warning to show * n taking Swamp- Root you afford
you that the track of health is not clear, "f^ral help Jo Nature, for Swamp-
If these daneersi^is are unheeded
more tenons results are sure to follow; to mcdica , sdence
Bright s disease, which is the • worst Swamp-Roct is the jrreat discovery
lorm of kidney trouble, may steal-upon of Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and
J°"- bladder specialist. Hospitals use it
The !jild and the extraordinary effect with wonderful success in both slight
of the world-famous kidney and bladder and severe cases. Doctors recommend
rer.jedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is it to their patients and use it in their
soon realized. It stands the highest for own families, because they recognize in
Its wonderful cures of the most distress- Swamp-Roct the greatest and most suc-
ing cases. A trial will convince any cessful remedy for anv <>.ran cement of
one— and you may have a sample bottle the kidneys, liver and bladder,
free, by mail. . So successful is Swamp-Root in
Oeatleaen — X attribute my present promptly- curing even the most dis-*
food health to Swaap-Eoot. X Buffered trostiniT ra<;p«; that tn nrnvrit«-\vnn.
many years with kidney trouble and had *, , , g ca . ses - tnat to P rov 2 e , S won
aa almost constant pain In my back. a er ' ul merits you may havd; a sample
Year irreat remedy. Swamp-Soot, cored bottle and a book of valuable' infor-
fect^wSi!" "USTiy" 111 " b " a pw -j nation both sent absolutely free by
B. K. CHALSEE, ez-Chlef of Police, mail. The book contains many of thev
Ozark. Ala. ! thousands upon thousands^9f v .tcsti-
Lame back is only one symptom of monial letters received from ; men- arid
kidney trouble— one of many. Other women cured.; The valued and "success
symptoms showinR that . you need of Swamp-Root is so wdlVknownthat
Swamp-Root arc, being obliged to pass °ur readers are-advised'tq*^nd:fo'r a
water often during the day. and to get sample bottle. In writing" to; Dr>'Kil-
up many times during the nieht. inabil- mer & Co., Bin'ghamton. N. Y;,'- be-
ity to hold your urine, smartinz or irri- sure to say < that .you -jcad this gener-
tation in passing, brick-dust or sedi- ous offer iii the San Francisco Da*ly
ment in the urine, catarrh of the blad- Call. The proprietors of : this paper!
der, uric acid, constant headache, dizzi- guarantee the genuineness of this of-
ness. sleeplessness, nervousness, irrejm- fer. - : " -¦¦ \, •. J- • - ' ¦• -
lar heart-beating, rheumatism, bloating. If you are 'i already convinced ¦ that
irritability, worn-out feeling, lack of Swariip-Root is what you need: you^an
ambition, loss of flesh, sallow t com- purchase the regular fifty-cent and onc-
P'cxion. dollar size bottles at drug stores every-
If your water when allowed to remain where.. Don't, make any. .mistake., but
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
twenty-four hours forms a sediment or Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address.
settling, or has a cloudy appearance, it Binghamton..N. Y.. on every bottle
ADVEBTISEME2ITS.
_^J^^^ PRICE
£ !*3f r| Thl« fs a very low fi 5U . »
tor thl» handsome mJ».
alon chair. Thla off^r
holds good only for thla week, so bet-
ter come in aoon.
Were also a number of other spe-
cial bargains In furniture this week.
A. B. SiVHTH CO.
128132 Ellis Street ;
Above Powell at. '•
SAN FRANCISCO.
Pleurisy
Pneumonia
Consumption . A
Positively cured with Dr. Hal*
pinner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co..
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of .charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
PPTTQHT7C FOR BARBERS. BA-
DXlUOnCiO K«rs. bootbtacka. bath-
.houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, cannera.
dyerm. . flour milU. toundrtea. laundries, paper-
hansers. printers, painters, shoe factories,
¦tablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. .
BtrOXAKAN 3BO&. .
/ PBAGEB3 ' __^_
I There Will Be Something Doing 1
I aL Pragers To-Day 1
I Don't Miss It I
1 Jf*^ Al^ffiS RELIABLE j I
| j AfeM^50;NlAKKET ST.^ 1
8 A child could M^iWBm 1
I cross the continent if ¦ 1
h in a Rock Island tourist l|| fe;|] h
j| It is vestibuled and has *Hl' H
M double windows. The heat- |P^*% ***^^V^lli *|
a ing and ventilating arrange- »*3^*V$e3k!! 1
a ments are all that can be de- ilaJa -^ T
H sired. The linen is clean, {;'<] ®p^^||^ %^^\ lj
w . the berths are wide, and |pLrv cT^lls H
1 there is a porter ready to do ftST^if 0 \^€\ I]
§3 your bidding at any hour jfgy^jl 0 fi**£\ E
H southern routs, take the Rock Island's WgA^ &f*~>' \l H
w If you wijh to tee the fineit scenery j "^SKa^T/ ti
M on the globe, fo via Salt Lake City and >^^""^*^§1?W i P
0 • The Rock Wand runs tourist Jrii# »
fil »leepen thro* to Chicago over both J» fil l"ra 9
m Enei— daily via El Paso; three times I % \ f*"™ ¦
M Full information at any Southern ' I X^Cj^/ *| i
U Pacific ticket office or by adirswinj \ >^ | ¦» 1
H C. A. RUTHERFORD, |jm^MM|]iJ |\ »\f~7T" H
M District Passenger Agent, JraMVnfraTr]^*^*$ I Q H *** ' ' M
W 623 iMarket St., San Francijco, Cal. 1 fl JjSHELBWILLE. ¦ Ind.V March 3.— The Re
publican convention . of the Sixth District to
day renominsitcd Congressman James G. Wat
eon and instructed ¦ the delegates tor President
JUtOMVClL .,.*« ... . . .. .;• •
LOS ANGELES, March 3.— Griffith
J. Griffiths, the: Los Angeles capital
ist, who was last" night, found guilty,
by a jury in the Superior Court! of as
sault upon his wife with a deadly
weapon, is in jail a* waiting the passing
of sentence upon him by . Judge Smith
next Saturday. • His attorneys ' !'¦ have
announced that' an appeal .will, be
taken 'to the Supreme Court, 5 whatever
the sentence of the trial court may be.
Griffith Will Make Appeal.
BELLINGHAM, Wash., March 3.—
The presence of a party of Great
Northern surveyors just north of Lyn
den is causing considerable specula
tion as to their mission. Lynden is
just five miles' south of the 1 interna
tional boundary line and it is reported
that the party has run two prelimin
ary surveys between here and the line.
The surveyors are working .eastward
and it is . believed they are seeking a
new route into Vancouver, B. C, for
the ' Great Northern-Kootenai • coast
line.
Hill has encountered considerable
Canadian opposition in the construc
tion of. this line because of the fact
that it runs nearly . entirely through
American territory and it is possible
that he is seeking a. route nearer the
international line. .
Believed They Are Mapping Out Line
Into Vancouver for Great North
ern-Kootenai Coast Road.
RAILROAD SURVEYORS
SEEKING A NEW ROUTE
Burrows ruled the question
objected to was in order, and directed
the stenographer to read the question:
"How many children have you had
since the manifesto of 1890?" .
"Eleven since 1890," said. Smith.
"Each of my five wives has borne me
children."
"Since that time?" asked Burrows.
' "Since that time," the witness re
peated, in answer.
"I rather think," he added, "that one
of them has had three children— I could
tell you a little later." i
He said in reply to Tayler that he
had . attended the dedication exercises
at the St. Louis Exposition and had
been accompanied by his plural wife,
Edna Smith, by name.
.. Tayler concluded with Smith and the
defense will examine " the ' witness ,' to-
"You must draw a distinction be
tween unlawful cohabitation and plural
marriage," he said. "The State law in
regard to the latter has been complied
with. No marriages have been per
formed with the sanction, approval,
consent, knowledge or connivance of
the church or its officials. But the
other law is the one I have presumed
to disregard, and which, as I have
said, I am ready to face rather than
disgrace myself or degrade my family
by turning them off."
Tayler resumed his questioning.
"You say there is a State law for
bidding polygamous cohabitation, and
you have been continuing to violate it
in utter disregard of the conse
quences?" he asked.
"I think I have," was the answer.
Burrows asked Smith if he had mar
ried any wives between the first, and
last he had mentioned during his state
ment to the committee,
"I have," said Smith.
"How many?"
"Three."
"Then, you' have' five wives now?"
said Burrows.
"That is correct," was the reply.
DIFFERENCE IN LAWS.
Smith paused for a moment, but
as Tayler prepared to ask another
question he again proceeded with h'.s
statement:
"I have continued to cohabit with
them since the manifesto of 1890, and
they have borne me chilcren since that
date. I was fully aware of what I was
dcing. I knew I was amenable to the
lew, but, as I say, I preferred to face
that situation rather than to desert
them. I have not cohabited with
these wives openly or flaunted the fact,
but I have acknowledged these wives
and children as my family. The people
of Utah have regarded the situation as
an existing fact. These people as a
rule are broad-minded and liberal in
their views and have conconed the of
fense — if offense it Is — rather than to
interfere with my situation as they
found It. It has been known what I
have been doing. I have not been in
terfered with nor disturbed in any
way. If I had been I was there to
answer the charges. I was willing to
face them and submit to the penalty,
whatever it might be." ' ¦,
ried my first wife more than thirty
eight years ago, and my last wife more
than twenty years ago. By these wives
I have had children and I have pre
ferred to take my own chance with the
law and suffer any consequences the
law might visit upon me rather than
abandon these children and their moth
ers.
"This was the case and is the case
now. , But I was placed 'in this posi
tion," said Smith.' "I had a family
— * plural family. If you please. I mar
Mr. Smith asked and received per
mission to make a statement and then
answer the question in his own way.
He spoke with great feeling and di
rectness, just the reverse of his at
titude on the stand at yesterday's
hearing, saying:
"In regard to the status of polygamy
at the time of the manifesto I want to
say that after the hearing- before the
Master of Chancery I understood that
we should abstain from relations with
our plural families and that rule was
observed "up to the time the enabling
act went into effect admitting: Utah
as a State. Under that act the only
prohibition was that plural marriages
should cease. Nothing was said about
cohabitation with our wives."
"With the wives you had married
previous to the manifesto, you mean?"
interrupted Hoar.
"That is what I meant." said
Smith. "I understood that plural mar
riages were to cease and ever since the
manifesto until the present time there
never has been a plural , marriage In
the church performed in accordance
with its teachings or with the conniv
ance of the church," and he added with
greater emphasis: "I know whereof 1
speak."
Then, in answer to the question
whether polygamous . cohabitation was
regarded by the church as contrary to
the law, he answered: "It was." Con
tinuing he said:
CARE FOR FAMILIES.
Mr. Tayler asked: "Is cohabitation
with a plural wife contrary to the
rules of the church?"
The Mr. Tayler asked a number of
questions which brought out a state
ment from Mr. Smith regarding his
own position under the laws covering
polygamy. He acknowledged that he
had violated them continuously since
the manifesto of 1S90, and is^ ready
now and always has been to face the
laws of the land.
Senator Pettus made a protest against
the debate among members of the
committee, and Chairman Burrows
directed Mr. Tayler to' proceed. Ques
tions were then directed to ascertain
Mr. Smoot's knowledge of the poly
gamous marriages of Abraham H.
Cannon and whether Mr. Smith had
performed the service uniting Mr.
Cannon and Lillian Hamlin. Mr.
Smith said he had seen newspaper
reports saying- that he had done so, but
he denied the truth of the statements.
CONFESSION* OF POLYGAMY. '
had been a misunderstanding as to
whether Mr. Smoot was being tried
on the charges of polygamy and of
having taken an oath* incompatible
with his oath as a United States Sen
ator. Now, he said, it is apparent
that these charges are not pending in
this investigation.
Senator Dubois dissented from the
statement that there had been such a
misunderstanding and said the real
charge is that Mr. Smoot is a member
of a Mormon hierarchy which sub
scribes to vows in conflict .with the
laws of the country and was bound
to support such vows.
"For the first time in fifty years,"
said Dubois, "the relations, of this or
ganization toward the United States
are to be tried."
LAWMAKERS AND THE PROSECUTOR IX THE SENSATIONAL CASE
OF UNITED STATES SENATOR REED SMOOT, WHICH IS NOW
IN PROGRESS IN THE NATIONAL CAPITAL.
WASHINGTON. March 3.— The Senate to
day confirmed the nomination of the Isthmian
Canal Commissioner*, and also the following:
Lieutenant Colonel James F. Randlette, U. S.
A., retired. Californlan. agent for the Indiana
of the Klowa Agency in Oklahoma.
NEW YORK. March 3.— With two firsts out
of a programme of sixteen movements, Wil
liam F. Uuffey of the New York Athletic Club
won the annual figure skating championship
of the United States at the St. Nicholas Skat
ing: Rink to-night.
When the committee was called to
order seven Senators were present-
Chairman Burrows gave the ruling on
the question asked of President Jo
seph F. Smith relating to the polyga
mous cohabitation of George F. Teas
dale, a Mormon apostle. Objections to
such questioning had been made by the
defendant. The cummittee ruled that
the testimony bearing upon plural mar :
riajres of any members of the twelve
apostles, of which Mr. Smoot is one, is
competent so far as it relates to such
polygamous cohabitation since Septem
ber 26, 1S30, the date of President
Woodruff's manifesto withdrawing the
order of the church commanding plural
marriages.
Senator Beveridge stated that there
SCXSATION FOK SENATORS
President Joseph F. Smith confessed
that he himself had continued to co
habit with his plural family since the
manifesto of 1S90, and that he realized
fully that he was violating the State
law. President Smith also testified that
Jieed Smooi tried to get the consent of
his associate apostles in the church be
f<5re he could become a candidate for
Senator.
The confession of President Smith I
¦was the sensation of the proceedings I
to-day before the Senate Committee on \
Privileges and Elections. Mr. Smith
said that the manifesto of 1S90 had left
him and others with plural families in
the unfortunate situation of being com
pelled to defy the law or desert their
families. For himself he had preferred
to "take chances with the law" rather
than to disgrace hiinself and degrade
hi*«£eraijyjiy abandoning his wives and
the children they had borne him. He
admitted that he had had children by
all of his five wives since the manifesto,
and said he had acknowledged them
openly without interference or disturb
ance from the p< ople of Utah, whom he
spoke of as liberal and broadminded.
The defendant will take the witness
eland to-morrow.
WASHINGTON, March 3.— Attorneys
for the protestants in the Smoot inves
tipaticn to-day said they intended to
I'rove that the defendant is associated
with an organization which practices
polygamy and connives at violations of
the law. and that his very vote as a
Senator of the United States is subject
to the wish and command of the Mor
mon church.
Damage to the Grace Dollar.
ASTORIA, Ore., March 3. — An ex
amination of the disabled steam
schooner Grace Dollar shows that her
tail shaft is broken inside the sleeve.
The broken propeller was so fastened
that it will hold together until the ves
sel arrives in San Francisco In tow of
th^ tug Dauntless, which Is expected
to arrive here to-morrow to take her
charge in tow.
"WACO. Texas.. March 3. — John P. Cooper,
former cashier of the CUIaens' National Bank
of McGregor. Texas, recently closed by th«
National )iank Examiner, was to-day convicted
cf embezzlement and given five years in th«
Federal penitentiary.
NEW YORK. March 3. — The fol
lowing Califomians have arrived at
the hotels: From San Francisco- —
Colonel Flood, at the Albemarle; J.
Lee, at the Hoffman; G. A. Stark
weather Jr., at the Herald Square; J.
W. Twiggs, at the Albemarle; C.
Weinmuster. at the Broadway Cen
tral; C. E. Heinea, at the Imperial.
From Los ; Angeles — G. O. Xoble, at
the Imperial; E. J. Alpaugh, at the
Rossmore.
Califomians in \ew York.
WiUard Runnels, a deputy sheriff,
is said to have chained Maki to the
pole. No report has yet been received
from E. F. Richardson, who
has been sent to Telluride by the of
ficers of the' Western Federation ot
Miners to investigate this case. W.
D. . Hay wood, secretary of the Feder
ation, to-day sent the following tele
gram to the Telluride Union:
"Suffer, no more abuses. If you can
not get relief through the courts, you
still have left the power of self-de
fense."
I DENVER, Colo.. March 3. — Gov
ernor Peabody said to-day that al
though Telluride i3 still under mar
tial law, the military authorities were
not responsible for the, pillorying of
Harry Makl, a striking union miner.
who was kept chained to a telegraph
pole for an hour and a half because
he refused to work in the chain gang
after having; been convicted of va
grancy.
REDDING, March 3.— Duncan Camp
bell, a miner, 46 years of - age, ¦¦• em
ployed by the Great l Western '"-¦¦•: Gold
Company at. the Afterthought - mine,
threatened to chop off his 13-year-old
daughter's head yesterday, and the
miners at the Afterthought were afraid
he might carry the threat into effect.
Campbell procured an ax and started
for the place where his daughter was
staying, but friends interposed and
stopped him. Word was sent to Red
ding and an officer will leave to-mor
row to place him under, arrest. He is
being guarded now.
Campbell has been employed at the
Afterthought, two months. He Is ," a
good miner/and well liked by the
men in the camp. .That fact served to
save him from the. wrath of the miners,
who under ; -¦¦ ordinary crlcumstances
would have dealt harshly with one of
their* number, guilty of the acts that
are laid' at Campbell's door. On va
rious occasions lately Campbell has
told shocking stories to the miners
about his child, and on one or two oc
casions he has told them he intended
to kill her. Once he procured a pistol,
flourished it about, saying that he in
tended to go over and kill his daugh
ter, and started off as though intent
upon carrying out his 'threat. The
daughter lives in dread of the father
and is afraid she will be killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"When I examined the secret collec
tion of documents in the case and saw
their miserable character, valuable
only because of the mystery cleverly
thrown about them, I concluded it was
necessary for justice to have the last
word, and it is my conviction that
there is not one of us If in the army
and not an officer now in the army
who would not have succumbed had
he been under an accusation thus man
aged."
Fearing disturbances during the pro
ceedings, the Government stationed
guards among the spectators and in
the corridors leading to the court, but
their presence was not rieqessary. The
crowd was interested, but there were
no demonstrations against the favor
able conclusions of the reporter and
Attorney General.
"One by one," the Attorney General
continued, "all the charges vanished,
leaving only accusations without im
portance or consistency, i
M. Boyer made an exhaustive review
of the case, declaring he could not find
any proof to establish the existence of
the document which- was da} -ned to
have been annotated by the German
Emperor, which, was transmitted to one
of Dreyfus' judges at Rennes. There
was no doubt, he added, of the trans
mission of the "Alexandrine," letter
with the . false date. The words in
Lieutenant Colonel Henry's handwrit
ing had an unfavorable effect upon the
court-martial.
M. Boyer concluded by saying that
the letters used against the accused
were falsified prior to the proceedings
of 1899, but he added that this had not
yet been judicially determined upon.
Attorney General Baudouin said that
when he began his consideration of the
Dreyfus case he was satisfied that a
judicial error had not been committed,
but as" the investigation proceeded his
amazement increased.
According to the Minister of Jus
tice another letter, signed "Alexan
drine," which Agent A. addressed
to Agent B., contained some words in
the handwriting of the late Lieuten
ant Colonel Henry, who committed
suicide in prison after having confess
ed to committing a forgery in the case.
This letter relates to the organization
of French railroads. M. Gribelin swore
during the inquiry of the Minister of
War that this letter was false. It was
true, however, that the date • of this
document was March 28, 1895, when
Dreyfus Was imprisoned on Devils Is
land.
The existence of a traitor in the
French War Office was revealed by
an alleged foreign diplomat, who act
ed without compensation. It is now
claimed that Lieutenant Colonel
Henry in 1897 caused a book of ex
penditures to be recopied in order to
remove all trace of payments to this
diplomat, who, it has developed, was
an employe of the Intelligence Depart
ment.
It was claimed by those present in
court that if the new facts were ac
knowledged by the tribunal the in
nocence of Dreyfus would be estab
lished.
PARIS, March, 3. — The Court of
Cassation began lo-day the considera
tion of the appeal of Alfred Dreyfus
for a revision of his trial. Counselor
Chamberaud presided.
Though the general interest in the
case was not as gre.at as in previous
j-ears, yet the courtroom was crowded
with officers, soldiers anil lawyers, and
a number of. women, among. whom
were relatives of Dreyfus. - By their
side was former Colonel Picquart.
Dreyfus was not present, hia interests
being in the hands of Lawyer Mor
nard. The report of M. Brier, report
er of the court, which was read, pre
sented the two new facts upon' which
the Minister of Justice. M. Valle. re
commended a revision of the w*
These were set forth as follows:
The secret documents include a let
ter bearing the initial "D." Now, by
an affidavit of October 6, 1903, signed
by M. Gribelin, keeper of the archives:
it appears that this document previ
ously carried the letter "T." For
this latter was substituted a "D," and
thns the altergd document was pre
sented to the court at Rennes.
SANTA CRUZ, March 3.— A daring
hold-up occurred at noon to-day at
Scotts Valley, near this city. Claude
Hendricks,. aged about 20 years, was In
a wagon on his way home when a
masked highwayman jumped out from
the brush alongside the road and com
manded him to stop. Hendricks at
tempted to parley with the robber, but
desisted when the latter told him to
stop his foolishness and to quickly hand
over. his money. Hendricks complied by
giving the robber his purse, containing
$1 50.' The bandit then disappeared in
the brush and was last seen heading to
ward this city. • .
The robber is described as being a
small man with a sallow complexion.
The mask did not cover his forehead.
He is thought to be an old hand, as he
did not display any nervousness when
he drew his revolver and ordered Hen
dricks to halt.
Governor Peabody Declares
That Military Authorities
Cannot BeHeldEesponsible
Disappears in Brush on Side
of Road After Compelling
Victim to Hand Over Purse
Acknowledgment of the Ex
ported New Facts May
Clear the French Officer
Arms Himself With an Ax to
Chop Off Child's Head— Is
Taken in Charge by Friends
PEOTEST AGAINST ABUSE
PAEENT MAKES THEEATS
BANDIT MAKES ESCAPE
SECKETS IN DOCUMENTS
Thirteen- Year-Old Daughter
of Shasta County Miner Is
Afraid She WillBe Killed
Claude Heridricks of Scotts
Valley Falls Into Clutches
of a Thug Near Santa Cruz
Western Federation Secre
tary Advises Coloradans of
Their Power of Self-Defense
Paris Court Begins Consider
ation of the Application
for Kevision of the Case
Joseph B. Smith, Who Presides Over the Utah Sect, Explains at
the Smoot Inquiry in Washington That He Has Deliberately
Violated the Laws of the State Regarding Plural Marriages
JURISTS HEAR
DREYFUS' PLEA
DARING ROBBER
GETS HIS COIN
LIVES IN FEAR
OF HER FATHER
URGES MINERS
TO A CONFLICT
PRESIDENT OF MORMON CHURCH
MAKES CONFESSION OF POLYGAMY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIv FRIDAY. MARCH ",4. 1904.
3
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
iWill You Write a Postal
So a Sid On: May fief Well?
Send no money — simply a ]<oetal card givinK
the nam*- of wm« one who, needs help. Tell
rn* th" b'»ok to rend.
Tfc«n I will do thi?:— I will arrange with a
druggist nfar him rr> that he may take six bot-
¦ t'.ftf Dr. Shocp> Restorative. He may take It
a month st my risk. U it tuccwlf, the cost Is
J5 frf). If it fail?, the dnjgirtst will bill the
co»t to m«.
That mrr.t-h's test will show you what the
r*m«<Jy can do. It is th» rasie£t way to con-
vince you. It if the only way to induce all
who n»-ed help to accept it. .,
I make this offer to multiply rr.y cure*, and I
am willing to trust the cured one* to b« fair
with fee.
In the past 12 years I have furnished my Re-
storative to hundreds of thousands of sick ones
¦ on Just those term*, and 39 out of 4O have paid
idadly. because they get well. I pay Just as.
•willingly when one says I have failed.
The remedy is my discovery, the result of a
lifetime'* work. I have perfected It by watch-
Ing results in thoufands of the most difficult
cases that physician* ever meet. I know what
it will do
My success comeg frcm rtrenrthening weak
Jnside nerves, and my Restorative is the, only
rem«*dy that does that. When an organ la
weak 1 bnnjt back the nerve power which alone
operate* every nerve orjran. It is like Kivtne an
enjrine mere rteam. I give the weak organ
power to do iU duty, and there Is no other
way to make a weak organ well.
' Can you conceive of a sick one who will neg-
lect sach a treatment, when I take the entire
rifk?
Address Dr. Shoop. Box R630. Racine. W|s.
Mild oat*-*, not chronic, are often cured with
one cr two bottles. At druuirists'.
Dr. Shoop's Restorative
Bock 1 on Dyspepsia. Book 4 for Women
Book 2 on the Heart Book 6 for Men (sealed)
Bock 3 en the Kidneys Book 6 on Rheumatism
At the Doctor's Risk
Sound business practice is
as important, here, as the
wealth of nature.
Schilling's Best is the basis
tea balcist-pemdet spices
eofiee flavoring extracts ¦' «od»
at yaur grocer's and money-
back.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ijjjlQ Our
Our special sale of "suits and overcoats closes at 10 o'clock to-mor-
row night. \
Between now and theft . you can get a good suit or overcoat-for
$8.65, which formerly sold for $12.50. ;;; !
•The suits are single and double breasted garments in blue serges,
black and fancy cheviots.
The overcoats are black and blue cheviots 4> inches long, rough
mixed cheviots SO inches long, with belts in back, and top coats in tan
coverts and mixed cheviots.
If in need of suit or overcoat it would be well to see the garments,
even if you customarily pay $15.00 for your clothes.
All garments purchased at this sale will be repaired, sponged and
• -'••'¦¦! r r i .
pressed free of charge. . , •¦ Hj
As this sale has been very popular, we anticipate a great many buy-
ers Saturday night. If convenient for you, we would appreciate your buying
to-day or to-morrow morning.
740 Market Street ,Governor Pardce has addressed a
letter to the California State Board of
Trade in reference to a State conven
tion of the Good Roads Association, to
be held soon in this State. The letter
in as fo'lows:
I ha\-e been informed by W. H. Moore of St.
l«ouis, who is the president of the National
Good Roads Association, that he is now on his
way to California, and that, as a preliminary
to the coming national and international good
roads convention te be held at St. Louis from
May 10 to May HI, In conjunction with the
World's Fair, he Intends to call together a
State rood' roads convention, to be hold at
•ome date and place to be hereafter desig
nated. This infonxmtionic vent you by request
of Mr. Moore, who desires the co-operation of
all the commercial bodies ,ln the State, and
who. when he arrives, will no doubt communi
cate with you direct, furnishing all necessary
particulars, la regard to the proposed California
. The principal articles imported Into
Moscc-w are mechanical and agricul
tural machinery, hardware arid cutlery,
cotton, , raw copper, cash registers,
typewriters, office ' furniture, bicycles,
etc. :33nS«B59StK < ' •
Michael Dougherty, a coal trimmer, cap
tured ' a stranze fish yesterday in the bankers
of the Panama liner Acapulco. The tab was
found in , some .. damp coal just transferred
jrom a barge and part of at cargo 'recently re
ceived front British > Columbia. The fish has
the head of an eel. the body of * nsh and is
more than six inches In length. Dougherty
took it to the place he buys his beer and the
rr.an behind the bar provided a tub In which
the piscatorial curiosity is making Itself as
much at home as it seems to have been In the
coal heap. Most, of the water front scientists
expressed their Inability to classify the stran
ger, - but "Wharfinger Hosran declared that It
hailed from : xome subterranean stream tapped
by one. of the lower levels -of a coal mine.
Whatever its family the species is rare and
the saloon-keeper in whose tub it Is swimming
has been invited to send the flsh.to President
.T/>r<ian of Stanford University.'
Captures a Strange Fish.
HONOLULU, March S.— It has been
definitely decided that - Hawaii . : will
make no exhibit at the St. L'ouls fair.
The sum, of. $30,000, which the Legis
lature . appropriated for, an exhibit,
will be returned to the : treasury and
be used in relieving- the stringency
caused by a recent - decision of the
Territorial Supreme Court Invalidat
ing the county government act. The
effect of the decision was to return the
management of all county 'affairs to
the Territorial Government. ; . •
Ilnwnll- Will Not Exhibit.
Mrs. Lucile Fentan was arrested last
night by Policeman J. A. Ryan on the
San' Bruno road. -The woman was
found in a: drunken condition with her
three-year-old girl, Olive, with her.
Both of .them "were soaked With rain
and; the little girl was trying" to pilot
her. mother to their home near the Mall
Dock. '.The woman . was booked for
drunkenness and the child given into
the charge of the matron. ,
Child Assists I)runken Mother.
"All right," said. Kelso, "send three
or four patrol wagons out. for we
will resume grading."
Later in the day Kelso telephoned
to Beach that he .would resume. oper
ations this morning. Beach told Kelso
that he would arrest him and his
workmen if he did.
Acting on orders from the Board
of Public Works, Officer Beach yes
terday stopped grading operations . on
Lombard and Montgomery streets,
which were being conducted by John
Kelso without a permit.
Complaint had been .filed with the
board by James Guthrie that the grad
ing was causing the land to slide in
all directions and made ingress to
surrounding houses difficult.
John Kclso Runs Foul of Board of
Works, Which Prevents Further
Operations.
STOPPED FROM GRADING
WITHOUT A PERMIT
When is a conservatory . a . fence?
When is it a' wall ?. These are prob
lems that have been passed up for so
lution to the Board of Public Works.
B. J. Brun j and D. Abrams own flats
near, the corner of Broadway and
Franklin street. Tiuv flats are sepa
rated bv but two feet six inches' of
real estate and of this two feet belongs
to Abrams and the other six inches to
Brun. Abrams recently decided to
Inclose, the. two feet belonging: to him
jind accordingly secured a'pcrmlt from
the Board of "Works td build a con
servatory. The • conservatory con
sists of a solid Avooden . wall three
stories high with a glass roof, \j no
lloors.and the ends partially Inclosed
with glass.
The so-called conservatory effectu
ally shuts out the light : from . •' Mr.
Bruh's windows and he objects most
strenuously. According to his state
ments Abrams had the wall erected
as a 3plte fence because of Brun's
refusal ..to purchase certain property
from him. ; : He says further 'that the
contractor employed in building the
wall Intimated to him that, the work
might ] be discontinued '. if a settlement
were made' ' with ¦ A Abrams. ¦;-¦' In the
meantime ltr Is'iip' to the ¦• Board '"of.
Works to". decide when 'is a. conserva
tory,'not' a conservatory.
Requested to Define the Difference
Between an, Alleged Spite Fence
. . iiiul'n Conservatory^ *
PUZZLING * QUESTION "FOR
THE BOARD OF WORKS
At a meeting of the Presidio
Heights Improvement Club held
Wednesday night at Crafts and Guilds
Hall on Presidio avenue the follow
ing officers were elected: President.
A. Sbarboro; first vice president. John
R. Aitken; second vice president. An
drew Carrigan; third vice president.
Warren D. Clark; treasurer, Wallace
Bradford; secretary, O. C. Pratt; as
sistant secretary, E. M. Cooper; exec
utive committee, George. W. Turner.
S. J. Hendy. - George F. Beveridge.
Spencer .C. Buckbee, Hugh Huddle
ston and Livingstone Jenks.
Ofliccrs .Elected.
Additional subscriptions to the fund
for the San Francisco exhibit and
building at the St. Louis Exposition
are reported by L. M. King, secretary
of the general committee, as follows:
Fireman's Funtl, $100; Giant Powder Com
pany, $.V>; lSulrin in & Howell. $.*.(); Hyman
Hroa., i-5;. Union Pulp and Paper Company,
$1:5: Unoe Bros. (Inc.), $25; Hansen & Klrlck,
$25; Tubbs Cordage Company, $-.">; Rus«o-ChL
uesi! Bank, $25; 'Watson, Taylor & Sperry, 120;
Heyner.iann & Co., $20; Robertson Raft Com
pany, $20;' C. W. .Marwedcl, $20: Hamburg-
Urtmtn Fire Insurance Company, $20; Haslett
Warehouse Company, $20; Mutual Label and
Lithograph Company, $20; Hooker & Co., $20;.
Roth. Klum & Co.'. $20; Neustadter Bros.. 520;
George Goodman, $20; French-American Bank.
$15; Germanla National Bank, $13; George
Hermann & Co.. . $15; \H. Dlnkelfsplel, $U>;
Frnnk O. Peterson $10; Abbot A. Hanks.. $10;
Theodore Gior Company, $10; George E. Plwm
mer & Co., 510; James Graham Manufacturing
Company, $10: ¦ Golden State Bank, $10; J.
Perry Jr.. $10; Brown & Adams. $10: Mc-
Cann, Belcher A Allen. $10; Rochdale Whole
sale Company, .- $10; Anglo- American Crockery 1
and Glass Company, $10;' David Bush & Son,
$10: California Optical Company, $10; Mark
L. Geralle, ?10; Columbus Savings and Loan
Society. $10; Edwin W. Joy. $10; D R. Mc-
Nelll, $10: French & Llnforth. $10; Mleha
lltschko Bros.. $10: Mcndelson Bros.. $10;
Clabrough-Gotcher - Company. $10; Boardman
Bro«>..,$10; Oscar lleymun, $10; Kron Tanning
Company; $10; Guy T.-Wayman. $10;. B. Hart
& "Brother. $10; . A. Meyer & Co. $3; \V. A.
Mlllcnft Co.. $0; W. S. Merrill Chemical Com
pany, J5; Alex J. -.Coyta. $5: deorge T.- Wright.
$5; H. Van Bergen, $5; E. Gentill. $5; Dr.
Valentino Schmidt, ?5; Stein (the painter). $3;
fash (312 Market street). $5; L. C. Meyer, $5;
Flelschman &-Clerc, $5; Benjamin R. Swan,
$5;.K. Curtis... $5.
ANOTHER THOUSAND ADDED
TO EXPOSITION FUND
Their Guidance.
The Board ' of Health yesterday
adopted a resolution providing for the
framing of a pamphlet of instruction
relative to sanitary laws to be placed
In the hands of householders for their
instruction. The resolution recites that
the interests of the public health can
be materially served by the issuing of
proper literature on the subject. ' The
pamphlet is the combined effort of the
Federal, State and City Health boards.
The title of the pamphlet will be
"Health Hints for the Household." The
contents will . include "Definitions ¦ of
Infection and Contagion," "Poisons of
Earth, In Water and Food;'/ "The Goa
pel or Philosophy of Cleanliness," "The
Disposal of Dirt, Dust, Garbage and
Refuse," "Communication of Diseases
by Contact with Animals," "Quaran
tinable Diseases" and "Management of
Contagion."
The resignation of C. J. Peterson,
steward of the Emergency Hospital?
was accepted and D. W. Barry was
appointed to the vacancy. • ¦ •'¦'
The resignation of Helen Collins,
head nurse of the operating room at
the City Hospital, and Superintendent
Digglns of the Smallpox Hospital were
accepted.
Dr. Sidney "Worth; was appointed
consulting homeopathic physician at
the Almshouse.
G. J. Plato was appointed night clerk
at the City Hospital.
I leal Hi Board, to Prepare Literature
to Distribute to Householders for
WILL ISSUE PAMPHLET Vv
OX SANITARY LAWS
This afternoon Rev. Mr. Ward will)
relate his experience in '"slum work" j
%vhlle in New York. Philadelphia and'
Boston, and in the evening C. H. '
Bright, a missionary from Peru, will!
speak on "Pardon for Great Sinners." i
Dr. George W. White, pastor of Cen
tral Methodist Episcopal Church, at
tended the evening conference and
made an eloquent ' plea for "the man
who is down in the world,'.' and J.
Clarence Wcstenberg spoke on drunk
enness and its results.
A three days' conference, inaugurat
ing the opening of "The Jerry McAulcy
Mission of San Francisco," began yes
terday at 824 Howard street. The serv
ice lasted throughout the greater part
of the day and long into the night.
Mrs. Carrie Judd Montgomery was
the first speaker to give her experience
in "slum" and rescue work, and Mrs.
Cora D. Humphreys, a prison mission
ary, told of the achievements in the
labor she has taken up.
Other speakers In the afternoon ses
sion wore the Rev. B. W. Ward and
the Rev. James Woodworth, who has
devoted much of his time to prison
work for almost half a century, and
has been secretary of the California
Prison Commission for the last thirty
cine years.
Quarters on Howard Street Where the
Unfortunate May Receive a Help
ing Hand.
The Oakland and San Francisco'com
manderies have raised enough money
among themselves to enable each to en
tertain their friends in their own way.
A public subscription will be taken up,
but this money will be expended in
making pleasant the visit of the thou
sands that will live temporarily in this
Preparations for the entertainment of
the Knights Templar who will come to
this city next September to attend the
twenty-ninth triennial, conclave are
rapidly progressing and neither pains
nor money will be spared In giving the
visitors a true California reception. !
The last conclave held in this city was
in 18S3, and the crowds of people / that
came West were so taken with the cli
mate and the city that even a larger
number is expected this year. Already
one-third of the money needed in enter
taining the visitors has been collected
and committees have'been appointed to
secure the remainder. •'>'-:~-T' >
Thousands of Easterners Are Expected
to Visit Tills City Next Sep
tember.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR PREPARE
FOR THE, COMING CONCLAVE
JERRY McAULEY MISSION'
INAUGURATED IX CITY
District Attorney Jerome, Coroner
Scholer and officials of the building'de
partment began an investigation to
day and will seek to place the respon
sibility for the disaster. The Coroner
said he had issued warrants for "Eu
gene" Allison, presumably Charles R.
Allison, of the Allison Realty . Com
pany, and also for Paul Schwandtner of
Pole & Schwandtner, the iron work
contractors. Allison, he explained, is
sick in bed at his home with nervous
prostration and that a lawyer repre
senting Allison assured him that, owing
to his client's condition, it would be
impossible to give him up- at the pres
ent time.
Among other warrants issued are
two for William O'Hea, chief architect
for Bogge & Neville, and Frederick
Mohn, an iron worker foreman for Pole
& Schwandtner. . Mohn, however, may
be among the dead.
Shirley Greene says his brother, Wil
liam R. Greene. 63 years old,' a foreman
on cement and fireproof work for the
Roebling Company, had not been seen
or heard from since yesterday, • and is
supposed to have perished.
Shortly after 2 o'clock this morning
the sergeant of police in charge of the
ruins telephoned for an ambulance,
saying a man had been found there
who was still alive.
Allison was an expert gunner in the
United States Navy, serving in the
Spanish-American War. He returned
from the Philippines only a few months
ago. •
In a pocket of his coat was found
a letter written by Miss Amy L. Mar
qultz of St. Louis. The Coroner said
that the letter Indicated that the cou
ple were to have been married and
that they intended to reside in San
Francisco.
NEW YORK, March 3.— There are
fifteen dead, fifteen known to have
been injured and three persons re
ported missing as the result of the
collapse of the unfinished Hotel.Dar
lington building in West Forty-sixth
street yesterday and of the resultant
Injury t,o the Patterson Hotel, directly
in the rear of the collapsed building.
The search for the dead among the
twisted iron girders and masses of
stone continued all last night and to
day. A wrecking force is now at work
and is aided in its efforts by a steam
derrick. Many large arc lights have
been erected over the mass of twisted
timbers and beams and operations will
go on throughout the night.
Four bodies were in sight late to
night, but much work will still be re
quired to reach them.
The body of Frank Allison, brother
of Eugene Allison, president of the
Allison Realty Company, wa3 taken
from the ruins to-night. Allison is
supposed to have been on the ninth
floor of the building at the time of the
disaster. The body was found agafnst
the wall of the dwelling to the west.
It was horribly mangled and was in
a net work of iron girders. V v; .-¦'.'¦'-_
List of Known Dead Reaches
Fifteen and Several 3Iore
• Men Are Reported Missing
WARRANTS AKE ISSUED
New York Officials Begin
Inquiry to Ascertain Cause
of Collapse of Big Building
strong bands have been formed throughout Manchuria.
The Russo-Chinese Bank is closing, preparatory to removing
to Mukden. Women and children are preparing to leave Yinkow
in anticipation of the arrival ot the Japanese fleet, which is ex
pected when the river opens, probably a fortnight hence.
The United States gunboat Helena and the British cruiser
Espiegle are making preparations to leave the drydocks in a
On account of the impossibility of defending the coast .at
Yinkow until such time as a thaw permits the construction of
entrenchments and forts, the Russians have prepared to retire up
the main railroad line. There are practically no defenses here,
and although the shifting and reshifting of troops and artillery to
the small forts at the mouth of the Liao River have the appear
ance of an intention to defend Yinkow, the military authorities
depend upon an inland engagement to put a stop to the Japanese
As far as yet known the only plans decided on are: First,
that General Kuropatkin's headquarters are to be at Mukden,
Viceroy Alexieff proposes to remain at Mukden indefinitely, .as
that city is the center of the Chinese administration and has a
viceroyal bureau ; second, that the plain west of Tashihchiao,
which is almost impossible of defense^, will be held if possible on
account of the 'railroad connection at Port Arthur; third,
Haiching and Liaoyang are the extreme limits to which troops
will be withdrawn, on account of the exposure of the railroad at
these points.
That the Japanese will arrive before a thaw permits the con
struction of defenses is believed to be practically certain. It
would appear, also, that the authorities expect. Port Arthur to be
besieged.
"We are liable to \je caught badly
short," said G. A. Parkyns, assistant
general passenger and freight agent of
the Southern Pacific Railroad.
"The railroad companies have done
the ,very : best they could, and under
average conditions , our supply would
have been sufficient, but we have had
to face weather conditions In the East
that entirely upset all our estimates.
The Southern Pacific Company had 5000
cars under contract from the_^ Armour
people for this year, but Instead ' of
making three or four , trips with them
we. will. probably be able to make only
one. .It has been impossible to unload
the cars in the East, and they have
been held up in round houses and any
available place of storage until the
cold spell subsides. We now " have
about 500 cars at hand in the Los An
geles division, but as the shippers want
200 a day you can see how long they
will last."
A. H. Naftzger, president of the
Southern California Fruit Exchange,
said to-night:
"We sent out a bulletin to-day ad
vising growers to hold up ,on their
picking until we are able to find just
how we stand on the car question. We
are. practically assured an orange crop
of 30,000 carloads this year and we>
will need 200 cars a day for all work
ing days for the remainder of this
month and for April and May. We
cannot count on the return of cars."
LOS ANGELES, March 3.— Severe
weather conditions in the East have
caused a shortage of cars In Southern
California, which is placing the orange
shippers in a bad position. It is admit
ted by officials of the Santa Fe and the
Southern Pacific railroads that the re
frigerator rolling stock will be exhaust
ed in five or six days and that ship
ments from that time on will depend
entirely upon the rapfdity-with which
the cars can.be brought back from the
East. >;•-,:
Special Dispatch to The Call,
The burgler" gave the name of Al
bert Schadel, and claimed first to be
a railroad man, then a soldier. -He
affected drunkenness, but the police
believe thoy have the man responsible
for many burglaries. v^ -:V
Mrs. Tighe j is a^large woman and
showed great bravery. The little girl
has beon placed under a doctor's care,
as she was unnerved by her experi
ence.' '"
"Earlier in the evening we ''always
leave the front 'door open so that
roomers cari : enter. About 8 o'clock
to-night a silver-handled umbrella was
stolen from the hall. About a month
ago one 'of my roomers had a' valuable
gold watch stolen from his room."
: Mrs. M. .Tighe,. ,who conducts a lodg
ing-house at 323 Taylor, street, bravely
attacked a' burglar who entered the
room where ' her little daughter lay
abed last' night, and he was captured
by two male roomers after he had
made an ineffectual attempt to escape
through the rear part 'of the: house.
Shortly after 10 o'clock:, Mrs. Tighe
put her little girl, aged 10, to bed and
returned to the parlor to chat with her
sister. Suddenly screams from the lit
tle girl rent the air, and rushing into
the child's room Mrs. Tighe. and her
sister discovered a burglar going
through the chiffonier.
Mrs. Tighe made a grab at the man,
at the same time screaming for help
and beating him over the head. . ¦• Tha
burglar broke away from her and ran
down the hallway to the, rear of the
house. The back-door was locked and
when - two : male 'roomers responded zo
the alarm the burglar, seeing that es
cape was out of the question, 'pretend
ed to have got into the wrong house.
Police Corporal Fraher arrived on the
scene and placed the man under arrest.
Mrs. Tlghe's little girl almost went
into hysterics from fright. She says
that when the man 'saw her she rose
up in bed and he shook his fist at her,
saying. "Keep still, : or I'U*kill you."
Mrs. Tiehe said: "I heard the child
scream and rushed into the room and
grappled with the burglar. I beat him
severely on the head till he broke away
from me. Had I got* my gun I'd have
killed him. He didn't get a chance tu
get anything, but if my. little girl h»J
been asleep the thief might have se
cured two gold watches and some
money. One of the watches was on
the bureau.
The matrimonial career of William
T. Frost, former ticket agent in this
city for the Rock Island road, is being
fraught wi'th many trials and tribula
tions. His marriage to Miss Ratten-'
berry was a recent social event in
Oakland, but was quickly followed by
a disagreement and suit for divorce
brought by the young wife, who
charged cruelty on the part of her hus
band. About this time Mrs. Frost's
grandmother died in the East and be
queathed to her granddaughter an es
tate of about $75,000. Thereupon friends
of the young couple interested them
selves in effecting a reconciliation be
tween the Frosts, and eventually suc
ceeded, notwithstanding the strong op
position interposed by the mother of
the young wife.
Peace having been restored in the
Frost household, husband and wife
planned a trip to the East to look
Into the estate which Mrs. Frost was
soon to receive. They gave up their
home in Oakland and moved to the
Russ House in this city and Frost,
three days ago, resigned his position
w'lh the Rock Island road and im
mediately prepared to leave with his
wife. When he returned to the hotel,
however, he found that she had dis
appeared, but a hurried search lo
cated her in San Jose, where, it is sup
posed her mother, Mrs. Rattenberry,
ha3 since joined her/ '
Yesterday Frost's wife wrote him a
letter to the effect that she had left
him because of the publicity given- to
the fact that she was soon to inherit'
a fortune, which she attributes to her
husband. Frost, however, strongly
suspects that his mother-in-law is re
sponsible for his wife's absence, but
undaunted by his failure to keep his
wife within his reach, he purposes to
use every possible means to 'induce
her to return and friends have prom
ised to again assist him in his ef
forts. <V?-V
An auction rale of properties on the
ocean beach and on the park from.
lots with marine view and lots on
Ashbury Heights, was held yesterday
by Baldwin & Howell by order of Dr.
Emma L. ilerritt, executrix of the es
tate of Adolph Sutro. Practically an
entire block bounded by Forty-sixVh
and Forty-seventh avenues and Castro
and Fulton streets was disposed of
first. The lots were of uniform t'v.'c
on the avenues, 25x120 feet, the cor
ners on Castro and Fulton streets
were 32:6x100. and the inside lota on
these streets were 25x100 feet. Four
teen lots on Forty-sixth avenue
brought $250 each and three lots were
sold for $300 each. All lots facing on
Forty-seventh avenue brought th<?
uniform price of $600 each, with thr*
exception of three, which had been
previously- sold, two of whlcb are oc
cupied as a station by the Commercial
Cable Company. The corner of Ful
ton street and Forty-seventh avenue
brought $1323. The corner of Ful
ton street and Forty-sixth avenue was
sold for $900. The corners on Castro
street and Forty-sixth and Forty
seventh avenues were sold for $585
and $910. The lots facing on Fulton
street were sold from $620 to $685
each. The Castro-street frontages,
exclusive of the corners, were sold for
$390 to $580 each.
Four lots; on Forty-seventh avenue,
near Clement street, were sold for
$305 each, with the exception of the
corner, which brought $433. Two lot*
about the middle of the block between
Clement street and Cliff avenue
brought $280 each. Two lota fronting
bn Cliff avenue, near Forty-fifth, were
sold for $790 for the corner and $475
for the lot adjoining. An irregular
shaped block between Ashbury street
and Clarendon avenue, including eight
lots, brought $2000. Five lots facing
on the Ocean boulevard, between O
and P streets, were sold for $860 each.
The sale took place at the auction
room of Baldwin & Howell at 25 Post
street. A large crowd was in attend
ance throughout the bidding.
Salesroom.
Large Number of Unimproved Lota
Find Ready Buyers,. Who Crowd
SLTRO ESTATE HOLDINGS
ARE SOLD AT AUCTION
Well -Known YouiigBailroad
Man Finds Matrimonial
Life Fraught With Trouble
Baihvay Officials Admit That
Befrigerator Boiling Stock
Is Now Almost Exhausted
Progress Stopped by Locked
I)o6r, aiid Boomers Capture
Him in Bear of the House
ALL PLANS AKE UPSET
IS TKACEI) TO SAN JOSE
Southern California Orange
Shippers Are Likely to Be
Unable to Get Fruit East
Mrs. Frost Charges. Husband
With Revealing Fact/ of
an Inheritance and Leaves
STAKTLED THIEF -FLEES
Mrs. 3L Tighe Flies Bravely
at Housebreaker AVho Dis
turbs Her Sleeping Child
CAR SHORTAGE
GROWS SERIOUS
WIFE DESERTS
HIM AT HOTEL
HURLS HERSELF
UPON BURGLAR
TRYING TO FIX
RESPONSIBILITY
MOSCOW, March 3.— M. Arkounln,
an actor/ who has returned here from
Port Arthur, was an • eyewitness of
events there prior to his departure. He
lived at a Japanese hotel in Port Ar
thur and received the first warning of
the likelihood of hostilities from his
Japanese landlady on February 3, when
she declared that the Japanese had al
ready landed at Yinkow, and that an
other place soon would be taken. On
February 7 the Japanese began leaving
Port Arthur. Upon orders from Vice
roy Alexieff those remaining on Feb
ruary 9 were detained, about 100 of
them being held up at the hotel. ": -
The warships in* port had been
cleared of all wooden work on deck
on the 7th of February, but this had
not occasioned alarm. The people
were surprised to see flashes of fire
from the Golden Hill forts, but even
this did not suggest distrust.
" "I went to sleep that night," con
tinued M. Arkounin, "without realiz
ing that fighting was going on. The !
next morning I saw the battleship
Cesarevitch in the eastern basin of \
the harbor, near the dock, and the
battleship Retvizan at the entrance to
the harbor. They were apparently in
good condition. At 8 o'clock the mil
itary authorities took possession of
"The cabmen in Port Arthur had been
drafted into the military service, and
it was almost impossible for those leav
ing to get their baggage taken down to
the railroad station."
"During the bombardment the wind
blew toward the forts, and consequent
ly the smoke from our guns interfered
with the aim of the Russian gunners.
the telegraph and telephone service.
The town was still quiet and business
went on as before. The children went
to school, the banks and shops were
open and even New Chinatown, show
ed no signs of commotion.
"At about 11 o'clock on the morn
ing of the 9th I again heard shots.
I proceeded at once, to the square and
found the people were panic stricken.
Chinese women and children were
running from their homes, glancing
anxiously behind them as they hur
riefa away. All the ships, banks and
other. places in town at once closed.
We could see two great columns of
smoke arising from one of the bat
teries, and thought they were due to
an explosion, but it was soon learned
that this smoke carne from the mor
tars. ;,¦;
"Suddenly the firing stopped and the
Japanese fleet began to steam away. It
was rumored about the town that an
explosion had occurred on board one of
the Japanese vessels.
Eye*- Witness Pictures Scenes At
tending the First Battle of the
Far East War.
The CnH's'iChefu correspoiuleiitannounces-that' Japan has lost a cruiser and had 'a battleship dis
abled and another vessel 1 damaged. He predicts a landing; near' Dalny, the control of the Yaln by Japan
and a Chinese, rising, following, the ''first Japanese victory? on-.Uuid. \'V
That Japanese troops are moving through Northeastern 7 Korea seems well established. The force is
small, about 2500 men, and its objective is doubtful. -Such la detachment could not be seriously designed
to threaten Vladivostok.- or Kirin. ,' • : - :.; - ; ,:.•.-.',"¦• .¦••,-.
An attempt has been made to blow up ,thc residences of .the Korean Foreign Minister and his sec
retary because" of the -formers pro-Japanese attitude. '¦/, When, the Korean Emperor signed the treaty giving
Japan a protectorate over the empire i it was predicted by persons with a knowledge of native traits that
he would be assassinated by the opposition faction, in^accordance with li, cheerful custom in vogue there.
A rebellion has. broken out in the province of Kweichow', China, the natives objecting to the pay-
Xcwclnvang will be at; the mercy of Japan's : squadron as . soon as the ice- is out of " the Uao River.
Ten transports would not carry a- very large aroiy with artillery, commissary stores and baggage,
and the best such a force could do^ would be to seize a landing place, entrench it and hold the position un
der the guns of a fleet. , -¦ * ??>'£'£; :'¦>': •
From Chefu a special cablegram announces that ten transports convoyed by three cruisers have
been sighted, bound for Liaotiing Gulf. /.The vicinity, of Saddle Bay is snid to be the destination of the
squadron. This bay is about forty-five miles from Yinkow, the port of Neivchwang.
That the Russian strategists are prepared for such a move. on the part of the Japanese is indicated
by the announced intention to abandon Ylnkow and Xewchwang and concentrate on the railroad at Llao
yang and Ilaichnu. These points are about forty and seventy-five miles, respectively, south of Mukden.
The Thaitanho is a small river ; which .crosses- the railroad at ' Llaoynng.
Port Arthur is to stand a siege if necessary. r . : .
CALL'S "WAR SPECIALS SUMMARIZED.
DESCRIBES PANIC
AT PORT ARTHUR
SIXTY THOUSAND
BROWN MEN LAND
Mikado's Horsemen Are Raiding
Russian Territory in South
Manchuria.
They declare that the losses of the
Japanese up to February 25 were great
er than had been admitted in foreign
newspapers. In addition to five steam
ships sunk they say that five torpedo
boat destroyers, one gunboat and two
torpedo-boats were put out of action,
and several others so damaged that
they will require extensive repairs.
LONDON, March 4.— The Far East
ern news published this morning con
sists chiefly of more or less reliable re
ports of Japanese military movements.
The general idea among correspondents
appears to be that no important land
battle is expected before the end of
March. • ; .Y-V-. .:
Cabling from Harbin, a correspond
ent of the Daily Chronicle gives a
rumor that sixty thousand Japanese
have landed at Wonson.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph asserts that three
separate Japanese armies have landed
in Korea, and the Paris edition of the
New York Herald publishes a report
from Chefu to the effect that six Japa
nese cruisers, escorting ten transports,
have been seen steaming in the direc
tion of the gulf of Liaotung.
Nothing in anv of these reports is
improbable, but It is likely that the
Japanese are maintaining strict se
crecy as to their movements.
PARIS. March 4. — The St Peters
burg correspondent of the Echo de
Paris says that when General Kuro
patkin starts for the Far East on
March 12 he will go on a special train
and be accompanied by his staff. It
Is reported that the Cstar said to him:
"You will return a field marshal."
The New-sky shipyard is about to
begin the construction of ten sub
marine vessels of the English type.
Work on these boats will be pushed
with all speed.
TRe Harbin correspondent of the
Matin says that a detachment of Ja
panese cavalry has entered South
Manchuria and Is raiding in Russian
territory-
It Is alleged here that 60,000 Japan
ese have now been landed at Wonson,
their objective being Manchuria.
In Korea the weather is cold and
there is snow. Here it is compara
tively fine. The sea is still rough at
Port Arthur.
VLADIVOSTOK, March 3.— It is re
ported here that a Japanese steamship,
the name of which is not known, was
sunk In the sea of Japan on February
25 while on her way to Wonson with a
load of rice.
Eye-witnesses of the naval fight at
Port Arthur have Just arrived here.
JAPAN'S WAR PLANS.
Continued From Page 1. Columns 5 and 6.
JAPANESE ARMY DEBARKS AT WONSON
.•-••¦ ¦ • • "-¦¦¦'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. MARQH 4, 1904.
Mrs. Vining Wants Her Chile!.
.Irene V.. Vining,.;Who was married
to Frank. L. Vining in January, 1902;
llled "a suit yesterday for the 7 custody,
of- their one. child. She complains
that • ; February jy 9 he", forcibly r tqok
possession of • the; child and placed it
in* the custody of people who /were xm
flt to care f or it. - ; / "¦¦•;. - ."
; CHICAGO, March 3.— Robert T.
Moore, ; ison of W. H.; Moore, the well
known ChicagrcT capitalist, died to
day at Saranac Lake, , New : York, of
pneumonia- ¦( The -decedent; was mar
ried, last Sunday, when his death was
declared ' imminent,- to Miss Ruth
Emmons, daughter of the late 'New
York banker."
Death Cnlls Chicago Cnpitalist.
Since King Henry, took up the hobby
of canary breeding prices have stead
ily advanced until crested birds ¦ have
been sold at 1350 a pair. * : •. <
WILL CALL COXVBXTION
*X>K GOOD ROADS CAUSE
President Moore of National ] Associ
ation Will Take Steps to In
crease State Interest.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NERVOUS DISORDERS
Include all affections of the brain, spinal
cord and nerves; they' embrace head
troubles, such as Dizziness. Dullness.
Headache. Fits. Blues, Melancholy and
Insanity.
Also, Backache, Neuralgia, St. \ itus'
Dance. Epilepsy, and all disorders aris-
ing from a weakness of the nerves of
any organ or part, as Weak Lungs.
Heart, Stomach. ' Kidney. Bladder, etc.
The nerves furnish energy that keeps
in motion every orsan of the body.
If you have any of these ailments,
your nerves are affected and you need
Dr. Miles'
Restorative Nervine
Because It reconstructs worn-out nerve
tissue, is a refreshing, revitalizing tonic
food-medicine, prepared especially to re-
build the worn-out nerves.
"My son. when 17 years old. had epi-
lepsy; could not attend school. Follow-
ing the failure of physicians to cure
him. we gave Dr. Miles' Nervine, and
Nerve and Liver Pills. In ten months he
regained /perfect hearth." — J. S. WIL-
SON. Dep. Co. Clerk, Dallas Co., Mo.
Money back If first bottle falls to
benefit. . -
Schools and Colleges,
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THm
WEST. 24 Po«t st.. San Francisco: C«L B
Established 40 years. Open «nUr» v« r
Write for illustrated catalog^. v££)? W 'AMERICAN; ARMY. OFFICER
WHO WILL WATCH THE
WAR OPERATIONS.
Skipper Will Be Exonerated.
SEATTLE, March 3.— United, States
Marine inspectors Whitney and Turner
to-day took testimony on the disaster
to the steamer Queen, which was badly
burned at sea last Saturday, causing
the loss of fourteen lives. Twelve wit
nesses were examined. At the close the
inspectors intimated plainly that their
decision would completely exonerate
Captain Cousins and all others of any
blame. Nothing developed to throw
any light on the origin of the fire.
FORT SMITH, Ark., March 3. — In
addition to John Hopper, C. A. But
ler and J. A. Blevins, white men,
bert Jackson, a negro, was killed in
a conflict between whites and blacks
at Boskoshe, I. T. William Price, one
of the negroes, is. in a hospital here.
He says the negroes were ordered out
of the camp and went. They returned
the day following and the battle fol
lowed. Everything is now quiet, but
there is an undercurrent of excitement
in the vicinity.
Nesro Killed in a Battle.
The, French Red Cross Society has
decided to send to Japan, besides two
campaign hospitals, a lartg quantity
-Fortunately we have no need of . »
foreign loan, as our own financial re
sources are sufficient."
The LIberte quotes Baron Hayashi,
the Japanese Minister to Great Britain,
as saying, in regard to the statements
that the United States did not* favor
the floating of a Japanese loan In
America:
It is authoritatively announced that
Fiance has not been approached to
cede any islands to Russia for use as
coaling stations by the latter when she
sends her Baltic fleet to the Far East.
Should Russia make a request to this
effect it will be denied, as such action
¦would be regarded as a breach of neu
trality. To show France's purpose to
remain neutral it is pointed out that
Russia has a coal depot at VHlefranche,
rear Nice, but that Russian ships will
not be allowed to use that station as
in time of peace.
PARIS. March 3. — Xo credence is
given by the Foreign Office to the re
ports that China is on the eve of join
ing Japan in the war. All the advices
received here indicate that China pro
poses to observe her declaration of neu
trality and that the Chinese troops sent
north have instructions to enforce her
neutrality.
WASHINGTON, March 3.— Rear Ad
miral Barker cables the Navy Depart
ment from Guantanamo, under yester
day's date, as follows:
"On making passage from Guanta
namo to Pensacola, Fla., the Missouri's
steam steering gear became disabled
and she collided with the Illinois, dam
aging the port propeller of the latter,
but with slight injury to herself. The
Illinois has been ordered \o the' navy
yard at New York to have her ,pro
peller Repaired."
Latter Vessel Is Considerably Dam
aged and Is Ordered to the Xavy
Yard at New York.
BATTLESHIP MISSOURI
r RUNS IXTO THE ILLINOIS
DENVER, March 3. — A report was
current to-day that the strike of coal
miners in the Southern Colorado field
was about to be settled. It has been
impossible to confirm the rumor.
Secretary Kahling of the local
branch of the United Mine Workers
of America said to-day he thought the
strike would be called off soon. A
delegation of union miners from Eagle
came to Trinidad and asked that the
strike be declared oft so they could
go to work. Several officers of Dis
trict 5, United Mine Workers of Amer
ica, believe the strike will be called
off, as also do hundreds of miners.
It Is believed that the strike cannot
be called off unless President John
Mitchell gives his consent.
Officers and Members of Miners* Union
Expect to Be Ordered Back to
. Work Within Few Days.
SOUTHERN* COLORADO
STRIKE TO DE SETTLED
HARBIN, Manchuria, March 3.—
Prices have risen 100 per cent here on
some articles, like condensed milk.
Food Costs Dearly In Ilarbin.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 3.— The
Czarina to-day inspected a hospital
train of thirteen cars, with a capacity
of 160 men and officers, besides at
tendants, which is ready to be sent to
the front-
Czarina Inspects nospital Train.
DOUBTS THAT CKpv T A
WILL BECOME ACTIVE
ALLY OF THE MIKADO
Every energy of the authorities Is
now directed to prevent a blockade on
the Siberian railroad. Twenty new sid
ings, each 2200 feet in length, are being
erected. Owing to the heavy movement
of rolling stock carrying reinforce
ments, war munitions and commis
pariat stores eastward there is great
danger that in bringing back the empty
cars the whole line may be stopped.
With the sidings now being built the
authorities hope to be able to keep the
line clear and to send eleven trains' in
each direction daily.
Mail advices from Siberia say that
the army reserves from the rural dis
tricts seem to be much more anxious to
jjo to the front than the towsnmen.
Many of the latter are presenting phy
sicians' certificates of illness.
The Government bank balance on
March 1 showed a decrease of only
$4,009,000. The gold on hand amounted
to $456,000,000.
It is c \ ident, even from the meager
information regarding the Russian dis
positions in Northern Korea, that the
Ii!an for checking the Japanese land
advance is i>erfected and that heavy
reserves are being brought up to the
Talu River.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 3.— The
naval journal says the chief strategical
mission of the Russian fleet at Port Ar
thur is to prevent the Japanese landing
on the shores of the gulf of Llaotung,
thus protecting the right flank and rear
of the forces in Manchuria from the
Japanese army.
Since the disappearance of the Japa
nese fleet from before Port Arthur the
Russian authorities have been awaiting
anxiously the next move of the Japa
nese on the sea. There is an inclination
here to believe that the Japanese have
been discouraged by the failure of their
attacks and perhaps by losses they
have not announced.
RUSSIA'S YALU RIVER
AinrY 18 RECEIVING
DAILY ADDITIONS
BERLIN, March 3. — Advices received
here from St. Petersburg to-day say
that new orders have been sent to Ad
miral Wirenus to keep his squadron in
the Red Sea for the purpose of watch
ing passing war vessels and to cap
ture vessels carrying contraband of
war. ,
Watching for Contraband ot War.
SAN JOSE, March 3.— About sixty
Japanese laborers from the southern
section of the county walked In a body
to San Jose this morning, bearing the
Japanese and the American flags. Here
they boarded a train for San Francisco,
whence they will sail for Japan to en
list for the war.
Rctumins Home to Enlist.
The ice is breaking up in the Yalu
River. It is feared that trouble may
scon occur at Newchwang.
lessness is increasing and the pros
pects of a. famine are causing the in
habitants to seek safety in flight. They
realize it is hopeless to expect a suffi
cient supply of provisions. Many of
the refugees have arrived here.
The railway authorities declare that
the congestion on the lines caused by
the transport of troops prevents a
movement of provisions.
There is a good deal of speculation
as to these other visitors at the con
sulate. They were not seen outside the
building after their arrival.
Reports brought from Port Arthur
this morning say the population there
is in a state of extreme terror. Law-
Several mysterious visits have been
paid to this place at night by Japanese
torpedo boat destroyers. Men and of
ficers have come ashore, and, without
speaking to any one, have gone
Ftraight to the Japanese consulate.
The consulate i« closely guarded. Since
last Thursday some sailors, survivors
of the torpedo boat sunk by Russians
in an attempt to blockade the harbor
at Port Arthur, have been taken away,
and with them went several other per
sons who had been at the consulate
for some days.
A steamship which has just arrived
here reports having seen a Japanese
battleship aground near Chemulpo.
The Russians did not attempt to pre
vent their landing. The activity of
the Russian troops in the neighbor
hood indicates, however, that they
trill endeavor to force the Japanese
to give battle. The Japanese appear
disinclined to fight at present, their
plans not being matured and their
forces not yet complete. Large num
bers of Japanese are on the way
from Chemulpo and other points close
to that base to Pingyang.
CHEF'J, March 3. — A dispatch from
Chemulpo says nine Japanese trans
ports have landed at Chinnampo 15,
00 0 men. with stores and munitions.
The men were sent on to Pingyang.
They have 'been sent from Chemulpo.
i WASHINGTON, March 3.— Minister
¦ Allen reported to the State Depart-
J inent from Seoul to-day by cable that
he had determined to send an Ameri
can ship to the vicinity of Pingyang
to remove to a place of safety the wo
men among the refugees gathered
there. The cruiser Cincinnati, which
is lying at Chemulpo, will bring away
these people.
NEW YORK, March 3.— In view of
the Washington press dispatches re
porting that Americans in Seoul and
vicinity had been sent to the Philip
pines by direction of United States Min
ister Allen, Dr. H. K. Carroll, one of
the corresponding secretaries of the
Missionary Society of the Methodist
Episcopal church, sent the following
dispatch to Secretary Hay:
"Have the missionaries in Korea been
ordered by United States Minister Al
len to Manila or elsewhere? I respect
fully ask in the interest of the Mission
ary Society of the Methodist Episcopal
Church."
Hay replied as follows: "Our mission
aries in Korea have been advised to
consult with Minister Allen, and when
practicable to follow his Instructions.
This Government does not assume to
order their movements, but in time of
war the legation's opportunities for
protection are limited by hostile move
ments and by difficulties of communi
cation, so that prudence is advisable,
having in view the safety of mission
aries and their families."
AMERICAN SHIP
TO KESCUE WOMEN
NOW AT PINGYANG
of linen and clothing for the Japanese
wounded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Will Make Their First Stand to
the Southeast of the Yalu
River's Mouth.
Colonel Enoch H. Crowder, judge.ad
vocate. United States army, and mem
ber of the general staff, who was re
cently appointed head of the United
COLONEL CROWDER TO VIEW
JAPAN'S LAND OPERATIONS
Goes as the Chief
I of American
Attaches.
RUSSIANS TRYING
TO FORCE A FIGHT
SLAVS CELEBRATE
EMANCIPATION DAY
Special Services in Commemora
tion of the Freeing of
in closing the university temporarily
and in the, partial closing of "the tech
nological institute. The incident which
led to these results shows the excitable
nature of students of both sexes. •
More than 800 of the girls Joined a
few days ago in issuing an address of
loyalty. The remaining 167 young
women, who had not been consulted,
held a meeting after the address had
been sent In and protested, first, be
cause the address had been presented
in the name of the entire girl student
body, and. secondly, because the term
"pupil" Instead of "student" had been
used In the . wording.
The resentment of the 167 girls grew
as the meeting progressed, until there
developed an extravagant proposal to
send a message of congratulations to
the Mikado. It was finally resolved,
however, not to attend further lec
tures, and, the resolutions to thia end
having been transmitted to the direc
tors as unanimous action, the classes
were closed. This action, however, was
immediately rescinded when it was dis
covered that the resolutions did . not
emanate from the entire student body.
STORIES OP ROUGII ENCOUNTERS
In the meantime the recalcitrants had
aroused the sympathy of some of the
male students of the university, who
called a meeting. This ended in fac
tional disturbances and rough encoun
ters, with the result that the directors
temporarily closed the university on
account of the disorder.
Notice of the girls' protest having
been posted in the Men's Technical In
stitute the disgust of a Jewish student
was aroused, and he tore down the
document. A few hotheads rebuked
him for this act of intolerance, where
upon a quarrel arose, and the Jew
struck one of his opponents. Other
Jews joined in to defend their col
league. The stewards tried vainly to
separate the combatants, whereupon
both sides turned upon and fought the
stewards. When the fighting was over
the stewards resigned.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 3. — For
the first time since the emancipation
of the serfs in 1861 the anniversary
to-day was officially observed through
out the empire as a general holiday
and with special services in the
churches. • The newspapers took oc
casion to review the reforms intro
duced by Czar Alexander III — who, by
a stroke of his pen, freed 23,000,000
serfs- — declaring that the present cel
ebration may be regarded as a turning
point In Russian history, marking the
recognition of a wider freedom in na
tional life, the realization of which Is
not far distant, provided the nation
properly exerts the influences that
have been so unexpectedly united by
the war.
At the big central market of St.
Petersburg thousands stood in the
open air, uncovered, joining in the
chanting of a te deum.
Several Russian sculptors have gone
to the Far East to model war types
on the spot. This is believed to be
the first attempt of the kind.
The Government takes the view that
the Japanese-Korean treaty is in di
rect contradiction to the Anglo-Jap
anese convention, the Russo-French
declaration and all preceding interna
tional agreements proclaiming Ko
rea's independence, and that, as it
was drawn up under duress, it cannot
have legal force.
The landing of 2500 Japanese at
Songchin, Korea, on February 19, re
ported by Major General Pflug, chief
of staff of Viceroy Alexieff, is believed
here to be the origin of the recent re
ports of a Japanese landing at P03
siet Bay, and is considered to be an*
attempt to outflank the Russian ad
vance on the Yalu River.
REBELLIOUS GIRL STUDENTS.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 3.— The
offended dignity of 167 girl students
of 1000 who attend the university ex
tension classes has resulted indirectly
PINGYANG CHOSEN AS BATTLEGROUND
WASHINGTON, March . 3.— The
President' to-day sent to the Senate
the , new ;treaty_< with j Cuba concerning
the Isle of .Pines,, and-lt was-referred
to the ;' Committee ' on Foreign !? Rela-
Senate Receives ; Cuban' Treaty.
Hebrew Social Club to Give Masquer
ade Ball In Honor of Feast
' of Purim.
The Jewish festival Purim will be
celebrated Sunday night, March 6, by
the San Francisco Hebrew Social Club
with' a masquerade ball at Turn Ve
rein Kail, 353 Turk street.
Dancing will begin at 8 o'clock and
unmasking will take place at 2 a. ml,
•when prizes will - be awarded to ~ the
richest, most original and best sus
tained characters.
The feast of Purim is a notable one
in Jewish circles . and is always ob
served with a great deal of pomp and
ceremony all over the world. - •:••?
>>The festivities on. Sunday will be in
charge of a committee J composed .: of
Henry Goldman, H. Green, M.M., Da
vis, P. Goldstein, H. , Nathan and
"Mrs. Louisa R. Mustln, 526 Eddy
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest
o' Mrs. "Jane Doe" Hewlett on a
charge of 'petty larceny. Mrs. Mustln
alleges that she purchased from Mrs.
Hewlett the lodging-house at 526 Eddy
street, and a condition was that, the
rents of the rooms for February should
be collected by the purchaser, but to
her astonishment she. discovered that
MrsV Hewlett had collected the' rents
and given receipts for the amount*." '
Mrs. Hewlett Collects Rents.
CHICAGO, March ,3.— After paying
Major William^ Bell more than $32,000
as Interest on, a loan of $ 4 000 ,f or four
years, Charles -E.< Ran d/ a : real estate
dealer, - wanted i to '.'call the deal .'off."
To ; his -surprise lie 'found that Major
Bell still held his checks ; for J $7 9 50,
none of which had been .presented to
the bank. , Judge Kavanaugh , has or
dered that" a' decree \ be entered com
pelling the return .of lhe.securl.ty,. and
checks, , but has denied vtne; petition
for a return of excess interest.
Court Settles Their "Deal."
JEWISH FESTIVAL WILL
BE FITTINGLY CELEBRATED
Frank. H. Short, the well-known at
torney, of Fresno, arrived at the Palace
yesterday.
. J. ; H." Kitchen, a prominent manu
facturer of Kansas City, Is registered
at the Palace.
.Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Robertson and
their daughter of Llvermore are regis
tered at the California.
I. Frost, a merchant of Tlenfsin, Chi
na, who has been in Europe for several
months, arrived at the Palace " yester
day on his way horned
., G. r H. Powell of .the Department of
Agriculture at Washington, who has
been in Southern California on business
connected • with . the Government, is 'fat
the Palace V >. 11111
. , Attorney Jackson Hatch of San Jose
Is ¦ at the Palace.
. .Carl Duori, a business man of Hono
lulu, is at the Occidental.
J. E. Crane, a mining man of Alaska,
and "wife are at the Occidental.
George C. Dyer, editor and proprietor
of f the. St. Louis Censor, is at the Pal
ace." 1
PERSONAL.
Matrons and Seamstresses Wanted.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that an ex
amination for the position of matron,
Indian service, . will be held at San
Francisco April 19. Age limit, 20 year?
or over. From the list of eligible?
resulting from this examination ap
pointments will also be made to posi
tions of seamstress and female indus
trial teacher. Persons who desire to
compete should, apply to the United
States Civil Service Commission.
Washington, D. C, or to the secretary
of the Consolidated Board of Civil
Service Examiners, 301 Jackson street,
for application form"' 1093, which
should be -properly executed and filed
with the commission at Washington.
Of Interest to People of -the Coast.
WASHINGTON, March 3.— The fol
lowing postmasters have been com
missioned: Calif ofnia — John Woods,
Pasadena: John W. Loyd; Porterville;
Samuel K. Clyde, Kneeland, Humboldt
County. Washington — -John O. Wal
lace, Bolstfbrt; William,} M. ; Isenhart,
Chelan; Oregon— Wallace Kirk Jr.,
Arcadia. . - - r ' ' ; ..
The following jj fourtri-class post
masters have ? mi appointed: .Wash
ington—-Fort .Ward, - ; Kitsap * County,
Oluf. Heyeldohl, vice Daniel W. Mc-
Morris, resigned. - . ¦ .-/ , \
H. R; Llppman "of San Francisco is
at the Raleigh.
At a meeting of the Council of tha
Women's Protective Society yesterday
the following resolutions were unani
mously adopted:
Whereas, By the Indifference and neglect of
clergymen, church members and the respect
able element of this city to do their duty. den»
of vice are permitted to flourish. In various lo
calities, thereby engulfing the destruction of
thousands of our youth of both sexes; and.
Whereas. The laborious and persistent- ef
forts of Rev. Father Caraher In his noble light
against the continuance of that den of infamy,
known as the Hotel Nymphta. shows what on«
determined man can do in a righteous fight
for decency, and morality; therefore, be It- . .
Resolved. That Rev. Father Caraher has
earned the thanks of every decent man, aad
woman in this State: and be it further -
Resolved. That he has the thanks for th«
great good he has accomplished of the mem
bers of this society and their daily prayers for
his continued success In ono of the grandest
battles a man can make for God and hu
manity.
BESTOW PRAISE OX WORK
OF REV. FATHER CARAHER
The St.- Patrick's day entertainment
at St. * Joseph's Hall promises to be
one of the events of the season. The
committee of arrangemtns has made
every effort to make the affair a suc
cess, socially and financially. Some
of -the best professional talent in. the
city has been procured. Among' the
amateurs -will be such men as Billy
Hynes. Irish and other national airs
have not • been overlooked.
Following are the members , in
charge: John T. Dowling, Frank
Schilling, Rev. P. J. Keane, A. A. Mc-
Nelll, John Sullivan, Thomas J. Mc-
Keon, James Murphy, . D. J. Gaffney,
Tim E. Treacy, Patrick O'Connor,
August Bayreuther, John Tamony, P.
Kilkenny, Ed. Lucitt, . George , Gil
loghly, E..C. Curtis, John P. McGuire,
Daniel Dubury, D. Redmond, T. J.
McKeon Jr., T. T. Otis, George Golder,
John F. ¦ Renault, D. M. Fitzgerald,
Patrick Kelley, Thomas Nolan, M. J.
Bohannon and Mr. Walsh.
Well-Known Local Entertainers Will
Assist at St. Patrick's Day Enter
tainment in St. tJoseph's Ilnll.
EXCELLENT AMATEUR.
TALENT IS ENGAGED
WASHINGTON, March 3.— Secretary
Shaw- has notified all special national
bank depositories, including those of
New York City, that they will, be re
quired to pay,, on account ' of the.Pan
ama canal purchase, . 20 per cent of
their holdings of Government funds on
or before March 25. The* 20 per cent
aggregates about $30,000,000, leaving
about $20,000,000 to be supplied from the
treasury. It- has been decided hereto
fore to have the depository national
banks in- New York City pay their in
dividual proportions over to the New
York Sub-Treasury at once to meet at
this time the payment ¦ due' Panama,
and later to pay the new canal com
pany at. Paris the $40,000,000 due it by
calls on national ¦ bank depositories
outside New York. City. In view, how
ever, of news received from Paris later
in the day, to the effect that the French
company would 'call a meeting of its
directors and 'carry out the formalities
necessary, to the transfer of the title of
the property M to the United it
was thought best to make the two pay
ments to the canal 1 company and to the
republic of Panama concurrently about
April 1. - r :'-.- '-'.
Secretary Shaw Issues Call
for 3Ioney to Make Payment
to Panama Canal Company
GIVES NOTICE
TO THE BANKS
Mr. Harrison produced a number of
envelopes bearing the frank of Repre
sentative Clayton of Alabama, a mem
ber of the committee, and passed them
around the committee table for mem
bers to open. They contained a speech
of Mr. Clayton printed in a section
of the Congressional Record, and a
number of other documents which were
declared to be semi-official, one bearing
a portrait of General Nelson A. Miles.
Clayton demanded to know how the
other documents got inside the envel
opel Dinwlddle declared that nothing
improper had been franked. The hear
ing will be continued to-morrow.
WASHINGTON, March 3.— Charges
that the franking privileges of mem
bers of Congress had been abused, in
the campaign in favor of the Dolliver-
Hepburn bill, granting police power to
the States over original packages of
intoxicating liquors shipped into the
borders, was made just as the hearing
before the House Committee on Judi
ciary . was closing to-day, by Duncan
B. Harrison, representing the United
Brewers' Association.
Kepresentative of Brewers
Charges Tliat Franking
Privilege Has Been Abused
President Sites was instructed to
bring this action to the attention of
California Senators and Represent
atives in Congress.
The convention discussed many mat
ters of trade interest at its two ses
sions yesterday. The report of the ex
ecutive committee was taken up sec
tion by section, and its recommenda
tions for a progressive and aggressive
organization of the hardware trade was
adopted with few changes. It was de
cided to employ a salaried organizer,
whose duties shall be, as far as pos
sible, to enroll all the retail hardware
merchants in the State as members
of the association, with a view toward
mutual benefit and better business
methods. While the proposed Joint
meeting between the retailers and
wholsalers was not held, owing to lack
of time, the convention adjourned with
hearty expressions of good will and
harmeny towards the jobbing interest
and the declared purpose of co-opera
tion with the wholesalers' organization.
Fisher's Theater last night surren
dered to the association, more than 500
seats having been reserved for the
hardware men and . their women
friends. The programme abounded in
hits at all prominent members and cre
ated immense enthusiasm and laughter.
The leading actors received floral pres
ents in strict keeping with the char
acter of the occasion. t There were
flower pieces in the shape of nail kegs,
wash boilers,' coffee pots, coal scuttles
and other commodities dealt in by the
merchants, and the comedians gave
back no end of chaff in return for these
tributes of esteem.
Emphatic action against the bill now
before Congress for the establishment
of a parcels post was the most note
worthy step of general interest taken
at yesterday's meeting of the California
State Retail Hardware Association,
held at the California Hotel. An over
whelming majority of the members
present opposed the attempt to make
Uncle Sam a carrier of merchandise in
packages larger than he handles under
existing laws. They agreed in declar
ing that the bill, If.it should pass,
would work great injury not only to
the hardware trade, but to all lines of
merchandising in the State, by put
ting the local retailers at the mercy
of the great catalogue houses in the
larger cities.
Convention Will Endeavor to Have the
Measure Now Before Congress
: Defeated.
There will be a recital on Wednesday
night, March 9, when "Julius Caesar"
will be given, and Saturday morning.
March 12, at 10:30 o'clock the third and
last recital will be "The Comedy of
Errors."
Mrs. C. E. Grunsky introduced Dar
rach, who was accorded a flattering
reception before he began his recital,
and at the close he was given a hearty
verdict for his masterly Interpretation
of Shakespeare's remarkable play.
He took the five acts and imper
sonated each of the characters, with a
short explanation preceding each im
portant scene to make up for the lack
of stage accessories.
Mr. Darrach is powerful as an Inter
preter. He is Intelligible and easily fol
lowed, and this to the student of the
bard of Avon means much.
It was noticeable that besides the
members of the auxiliary there were
numerous juveniles in ' the audience,
some of whom had copies of Shake
speare and studiously followed the text
and Mr. Darrach.
"The Merchant of Venice" was the
flr3t of the three Shakespearean recitals
to be given before the Channing Auxili
ary by Marshall Darrach yesterday
afternoon. Owing to the large attend
ance it was found necessary to have
the recital in the First Unitarian
Church instead of the church hall.
Chnnning Auxiliary Hears Darrach
Interpret Shakespearean Play at
First Unitarian Church.
EXJOYS RECITATION* OF
"MERCHANT OF VENICE"
HARDWARE MEX OPPOSE
THE PARCELS POST BILL
SAYS LAWMAKER
VIOLATES LAW
"I shall sail for Toklo on Saturday, in
company with Captain March, and
there we shall be joined by the other
two members of our party. We • shall
expect to be allowed to go to the best
points of vantage to view the progress
of the war. We are sent to learn, and
go merely as observers to report the
methods employed, that our army may
profit by them. You may say for me, if
you choose, that I have no opinion to
express as to the probable duration of
the war. We shall try to cover the en
tire field of military operation. I be
lieve we shall receive every facility for
so doing — facilities equal to those our
Government extended to the Japanese
during the Spanish-American war."
On leaving West Point Colonel Crow
der went into the Eighth Cavalry, since
which time' he has advanced to his
present high position. In 1895 he was
appointed judge advocate and went to
the Philippines as soon as the war
broke out. There he became an Asso
ciate Judge of the Supreme Court. He
was afterward made military secretary
under General E. S. Otis. He framed
the laws that were promulgated during
the military administration, and was
chief adviser in legal matters pertain
ing to the ownership of the different
properties on the islands. Colonel
Crowder's knowledge of the law was of
great value to the officials at the time
they were attempting to introduce the
civil government. Colonel Crowder was
the author of the Criminal Code, which
is still the code of the islands. In June,
1901, he was made brigadier general of
volunteers as a reward fd* his services.
Colonel Crowder continued to act as
judge advocate until the Philippine
Commission took full charge, on July
4, 1901, when he returned to this coun
try. He is now senior colonel of the
judge advocate's court in Washington.
During the war in South Africa when
the Boers made a complaint to our
Government that the British Govern
ment had established a military camp
at Port Chalmette, ten miles from New
Orleans, for the purposes of purchasing
horses and mules for the English army.
Colonel Crowder was sent to investi
gate. His report to the President was
to the effect that while officers of the
British army were buying horses at
that point there had been no violation
of the neutrality laws. The incident
aroused much comment in this country
among the sympathizers of the Boers.
Captain P. Hegardt of Stockholm, a
member of the royal Swedish general
staff, arrived here yesterday from Eu
rope and is registered at the California.
He Is on his way to the Orient to wit
ness the maneuvers of the hostile
forces, and bears credentials for that
purpose from the King of Sweden. -
Colonel Ci^wder is a man of serious
mein, thoughtful and quiet and about 45
years of age. He graduated from West
Point in 1SS1. In speaking of his pres
ent detail Colonel Crowder said:
States military attaches to the Japa
nese army, arrived from Washington
yesterday and is at the Palace. His
first duty after arrival was to call upon
General MacArthur, and later he vis
ited his West Point classmate, Major
Parker W. West. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, -FRIDAY, .MARCH' 4,r 190£.
5
DOAN'S KIDNEY TILLS.
A MEASURE^OF MERIT
San Pranciaco Citizens Should Wtiffb
Well TW» Evidence.
Proof of merit lies in the evidence.
Convincing evidence in San Francisco
Is not the testimony of strangers,
But the endorsement of San Francisco
people. x
That's the kind of proof given here.
The statement of a San Francisco citi-
zen.
Mrs. W. Heine (W. Heine employed in
the Examiner) of 3007 Flllmore street,
says: "It is impossible for me to say
too much in favor of Doan's Kidney Pills.
I have the best of reasons for this. I
suffered from an attack of kidney trouble
in the winter of 1902. causing pain across
the small of my back and down through
the loins. It finally grew so bad that 1
could scarcely turn or move without en-
during the most agonizing twinge, and
often, as the pangs shot across my back
I almost exclaimed. Just before I usec
Doan's Kfdney Pills I was so helpless
that. for two days I could only get about
the house with the aid of a cane. There
must be some merit in Doan's Kldntv
Pill3, for they gave Immediate relief.. A
short course of the treatment stoppec
that particular cttack, I now know what
to do should others recur."
For saleby all dealers. Price 50 cents
Foster-Milbura Co.. Buffalo.. N. Y- soli
agents for. the United States.
Remember the name, Doan'a, aat.taki
no other.OAKLAND. March 3.— The {follow
ing: marriage licenses were issued by
the County-Clerk to-day:' James J.
Nelson^' over ' 21", and Margaretha M.
Hilderbrandt,. over. 1 8, both of Ala
meda; William McAvoy, 29, Monterey,
and Lena C. Bock, 28, San Francisco;
John Blomquest, 41, and Lise Marken,
38; both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
Thrice Same Charge Is Made-
OAKLAND, March 3. — George P.
Witter,- an attorney, was arrested to
day for the third time on the same
charge of cruelty to; an: animal.;- Two
complaints heretofore issued were.de
fective. Witter is accused of driving
ahorse to death. /
Thief Steals Creatii Puffs.
" OAKLAND, - March 3.— A sneak
thief stole cream puffs and $1 50 last
night ; from ; Brewster & Kern's restau
rant, 823 Broadway.
George E; Cruser alleges that Amy
Cruser has deserted him and: asks for
a. final separation; •
Elsie M." Reid asks for a : divorce
from George Reid' on the ground of
failure to provide. They were mar
ried In 1901 and have a child.
OAKLAND, March 3. — Suits for di
vorce were begun to-day by C. O.
Gowning against Grace H. Gowning
on the ground of desertion. They
were married in 1899 and have one
child.
Mlsmatcd Couples,
OAKLAND, March 3. — The funeral
of Mrs. Amelia M. Bartlett, wife of
W. C. Bartlett, for many years editor
.of the Bulletin, will be held at 10:30
a. m. to-morrow from the family resi
dence, 477 Prospect street. Interment
will be private.
Funeral of Mrs. A. M. Kartlett.
The deceased leaves a mother, a
brother, Edward McDonald, and three
sisters. Miss Effle McDonald, Miss
Reba "McDonald and Mrs. M. Tuttle.
The members of the family say that
McDonald had been attending a lodge
meeting in West Oakland and can of
fer, no .explanation of how he came
to his death.
J OAKLAND, March 3. — J. A. Mc-
Donald, the plumber who was killed
last night at "death curve" by a light
engine, resided at 542 Sycamore street
with his mother arid four brothers
and sisters. McDonald was well
known in this city, where his family
has lived for the last twenty-five
years. At the. time of his death, he
was employed by the wholesale
plumbing firm of J. S. Barker and also
by the Deasy Heating Company.
Family of J. A. McDonald Has Resid
ed In That City for More Than
Twenty Years.
VICTIM OF "DEATH CURVE 1
. WELL KNOWN IN OAKLAND
OAKLAND, March 3.— To escape
.from pursuing Deputy Constable
Dearborn a thief mounted on a bl
< ycle dronped a sackful of tools last
jnight in East Oakland. The plunder
was from the Zenith Planing: Mills,
Eart Twelfth street and Twenty-first
avenue. The tools wcro recovered.
Drops Plunder anil IZsrapes.
The new lawin regard , to the at
tachment of county employes' salaries
for debt is to ?be invoked here .next
Monday. During, the last campaign,'
when former County Clerk Frank G.
Jordan, now clerk of the 'Supreme
Court, was making his run for office,
he' Induced three of his deputies to in
dorse his note for' about $800, which
note he has been unable to meet. The
money was borrowed from the Bank'
of Hay wards, which has come down on
the deputies for the money.
The indorsers of the note were Frank
Mason, Charles Pugh and . Ray Baker,
employes in the County* Clerk's office.
Mason has since died, throwing the in
debtedness on Pugh and- Baker. They
have been putting off the payment of
the note in the hope that Jordan
would make the amount good ajt ' the
bank, but a short time ago the 4 bank
went into court and got a formal judg
ment against them for, $420 each. % To
day the judgment against them .was
filed under the provision of the new
law with County Auditor . Bacon," »vho
cannot audit their salaries until -the
claim is satisfied.
In the meantime, Jordan has made a
settlement of! enough of the claim to
satisfy, the" judgment - against Baker
and promises by Monday to have Pugh
clear, that being ¦ pay day . with , ' the
county officials. The judgment, how
ever, at th<» nrpRpnt ttm«> Hpk \r\ 'thft
Auditor's safe, waiting for a settlement
from one or the other source.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.-:V;'"' 111S Broadway, March 3.
Colonel J. F. Hayes of the .Fifth
Regiment/ Captains df Police Wilson
and Petersen.and Colonel Handy of
the Governor's staff also spoke.
Mayor Olney, after complimenting
the members of Company _ A upon
their drill, said:
; I.was once a soldier, myself, and, while the
arms and : equipment of the soldier ' of ¦ the
present day are a little different from the arms
and equipment used in ray time, still the sol
dier Is the same. The: same spirit that ani
mated I the defenders of • the ¦ country In : those
days should. and does animate the defenders of
the present day. ' The National Guard Is a
very Important part ; of - the defense ; of the
country. In time of war they, are called upon
to : perform . regular - duty. -- and I ) am afraid
that the true Importance of thfs service is not
always recognized: ; v ¦ : : .
Tinder the new Federal law, through the
agency of which the .National Guards are sup
plied with arms and equipment, the State mili
tary organizations arc put upon practically, the
same footing as the regular "establishment. It
Is my desire that this should be so In every de.
tall, and tha* the various National Guard,or
ganizations, ,a this State should be as near
regulars as we can make. them. The National
Guard constitutes the reserve defense of this
country, and It is entitled to the moral support
of the people.
General J. B. Lauck, the new adju
tant general of the State, was ten
dered an official reception by Company
A, Fifth Regiment, N. G. C, his old
command, to-night. There was a big
gathering' of the present and retired
members,- hnd General Lauck - was
Welcomed back to Oakland by. Mayor
Olney. After an exhibition drill by
the company, under the command of
Captain Hunt and Lieutenants Peter
sen and Poulter; a banquet was served.
General. Lauck was introduced by
Captain Hunt. .He said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 3.
Indorsers of Note for Frajik
C. Jordan Are Caught by
Operation of the New Law
New Adjutant General of
California Is Guest of Com
pany A, Fifth Regiment
DEPUTY CLERKS'
PAY TIED UP
LAUCK GIVEN
A RECEPTION
At 10:45 a. m., half-hour prayer
ir,ec-ting; 11:15 a. m., business meet
ing and report from churches; 12:30
o'clock, lunch served by ladies in the
vestry; 1:30 p. m., meeting of the
Pacific Coast Union; 2 p. m., preach
ing service. Rev. Dr. J. K. McLean,
.president of the Pacific Theological
Seminary, has accepted the invitation
to preach the association sermon. 3
¦p. m., covenant meeting; 4 p. m., ad
journment-
Freo Baptist Association to 3Ieet.
• OAKLAND. March 3.— The Pacific
Coast Free Baptist Association will
meet at the Oakland Fr«*e Baptist
Churrh on Twenty-first street, between
San Pabio avenue and Brush street, on
Saturday. March 5i Following is the
programmo:
While on a spree Barnes drove
away withy the horse and buggy
of Dr. W. S. Porter. He was arrested
and as he had been Kiving the local
authorities much trouble a vigorous
prosecution war the, result. The de
fense pleaded insanity. It was able to
show that Barnes had been confined
in. an asylum before and that when
under the influence of liquor he was
not himself.
Mrs. Barnes was not present to hear
the verdict.
OAKLAND, March 3. — W." E.
Barnes, who was married in Jail a
few months ago to Mrs. Anna B.
Hughes, a wealthy widow, and has
spent most of the time since in a
checkered existence getting in and out
of jail, was acquitted by a jury this
afternoon of a charge of grand lar
ceny.
Jury Acquits Him of the Charge of
Steallns the Vehicle of Dr.
W. S. Porter.
BARNES AGAIN ELUDES
THE MESHES OF THE LAW
John C Wallinr. for *i many years man
a*er of Shrrman. Clay & Co's. store in this
city, has pone to Seattle, Wash., to take charge
of the firm's bujin^ss there. Mr. Waiting's
family is vlsltins in Tolo County for a few
w**k*. after which they will Join him In
Seattle.
William B. Ragland has succeeded Mr. Wall
ing in the management of th? Oakland otore.
Miss Eda Courdts will entertain the Friday
A'ternooir Whist Club to-morrow at the. resi
dence of her sister, Mr*. H. B. ilehrmann. .
At th«- Eboll luncheon next Tuesday, Mrs.
Frederick S. Stratton Will be chairman of the
muMc committee. A rare treat' Is In store for
the ntx-ll ladle* and thrir guejn*, for Mrs.
Stratton herself will ting. She has a beau
tiful voice, but It in seldom heard in public.
Alexander Young will also sing.
The member* and substitutes of the Cosmos
Club, with their respective hut-bands, will be
the ruest* of Mr*. Ellen Folj?er on the evening
of Morda)'. March 14.
Miss Maud Myers and Miss Majorie Krwln,
both nro»pertive Kai"t«r bride*, were the mo
tifs of an informal luncheon given in Berke-
Iry yesterday by Mlrs Elizabeth Thompson.
Mr. and Mrs. Will B. Hubbard have asked
a dozen couples to play "iKiO" Saturday even
ing Rt tfc'ir home on Lee street.
The marrisre of Edwin C. Hume of this
city and Miss Eleanor Eckert will take place
en Kaster Monday at the bride's home In
Fan Francisco. The Wfddin* will not be a
large affair, a few friends of the young couple
1* Ir.g the calf euerts outside of the family
who have b>~n hivlted. I
About sixteen at Mifs Klnr's friends havi
bfen invited to mt-+t her KU»et. She will be
a&jiifW by h«r rtrter. Mrs. Percy Clay Black
of this city.
Miss Nettie KInc will be the hostess at a
card party next -Saturday* at her home in San
Francisco, the affair to b* complimentary to
M!ss cos'* of Arizona. Miss Cook Is an ac
complished musician, and Is spending the win
ter in Cal!forna in order to pursue her studies
under tfc- best instructors.
OAKLAND. March 3.— Mr. and Mr.«. George
W. Humphrey entertained a few friends quite
Informally las/ night at their hom? on Eighth
Ftre*t. Several ramea of whist wre enjoyed,
the two very pretty prizes being won by
Charl'.s J. Heeseman and Mrs. A. L. Leber. .
Amcne the players were: Mr. and Mrs.
Charlc« J. Kreseman. Mr. and Mrs. Walter B.
Fawcrtt, Mr. and Mrs. A. I*. Letx-r, Mr. anil
Mrs. K. 1". Tltu*. Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Kor
ean. Ml** Florence Hatch. Mlrs Dorothy Faw
cett. M'.ps Olive Bninnln3, Asa V. Mcnden
hall and Jchn Kers&n.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The first set of gates will be placed
at the San Pablo avenue crossing at
Golden Gate and as soon as these are
: in place a set will be installed at the
University avenue crossing in Ber
keley. At both of these points the
lines of the Oakland Transit cross the
tracks of the Berkeley local. As soon
as these crossings are made safe the
company will place g-ates wherever
necessary on wagon road crossings.
Work on the gates at the San Pablo
avenue crossing; will be commenced
early next week.
BERKELEY, March 3.— In order
that a fast train may be put on the
Berkeley run to compete against the
twenty-minute schedule of the Key
Route train, the Southern. Pacific
Company is preparing to install auto
matic pates at all the crossings on
the line of the Berekeley local. Elec
tric cars cross the tracks of the local
at several places, and the Southern
Pacific intends to take every precau
tion to prevent possible collisions
vhen the fast train is put into ser
vice.
Southern Pacific Company Takes Pre
cautions to Protect Life and Prop
erty Against Fast Trains.
WILL INSTALL AUTOMATIC
GATES AT ALL CROSSINGS
Edwin H. Abbott, formerly president of the
Wisconsin Central Railway, addressed the Col
lege of Commerce Club yesterday afternoon on
the subject of ""Railway Finance."
The annual debate for students • under the
auspices of the Prohibition League of the uni
versity will be held to-morrow night in Stiles
Hall. The question for • discussion will be
"Aspects of the Liquor Quepticn." A prize of
*2". will be »riven to the winner. The list of
entrants Is not yet announced.
The annual military ball will be given on
Friday, March 18, in Harmon Gymnasium, for
which all arrangements have Just been settled.
The decorations are now being: hun* under the
direction or Captain Minor of the Cadet Retcl
rr.fiit. AH cadets will be required to appear
at the ball in military dress and .civilians in
evenlr~ clothes.
. Invitations — 'M!.«s Edith Busser. Miss Jose
phine Campbell. Miss Levy. Mlts Belle Smith.
Miss llibbard. Miss 1'utnani. Miss Franklyn.
Miss Jone*. Mlns Ray, Miss Elliot, Miss
Younr, Miss Ethel .Tones.
Finance— Miss Tlta Bailey, Miss Schneider,
Miss Kate O'Neill. MIsh Gladys Meyer. Miss
Harriet Smythe, MiFS Percival, Miss Callender.
Miss Willard, Mi;s Still, Miss Hampshire and
Miss Taylor.
Decorations — Miss Marin Moran. Miss Mcr
gan, Mies Skinner. Miss Elsa Ames.
Kntertainment— 'j he Mi*s<« Hfrtlne Wollen
berjr, Isabel Mclteynoltta, Sue Gregory, Ann
'1 iMtchvr. Grace Stoke*. Gertrude FrUdlandcr
and Souhie Treadwell.
Helrenhment — Mis* Phoebe Blnney, Miss
Ruth Wilklns. Miss Wright, Miss Mayer. Miss
h'mlttle. ¦
BERKELEY, March 3. — The sophomore
women will Kive a reception to the senior
women on Saturday, March 12, In Hearst Hall.
As agreed at a meeting of the committee of
arrangements yeuterday, each sophomore wo
man will choose a senior woman and escort
her to the hall. In addition to this privilege,
the sophomore co-eds will pay 15 cents apiecx
to help Uelray the expenses. The following
nanieti have been appointed to the various
committees on preparation:
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
1118 Broadway, March 3.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
T. C. Lane, the Southern Pacific
switchman who drew a revolver upon
A. W. Baker, assistant superintendent
of the Western division of the So.uth
ern Pacific Company, and was arrested,
last night, did not make his appear
ance, before Justice of the Peace Geary
this morning, and one of his bondsmen
became very nervous over that fact.
Mrs. Marie de Mers, who is on the bond
with J. F. Baumgcrten, became anx
ious over the failure of Lane to appear
and she asked Justice Geary to release
her from the bond. Justice Geary ex
plained that the only way to accom
plisl. this was to surrender the de
fendant.
It is said, on the part of Lane, by
several of his friends, that he was told
by one of the deputies In the office of
District Attorney Allen that he would
not be needed until to-morrow, and
that this was the cause of his failure to
appear. . '
J. F. Baumgarten says he has not the
slightest fear that Lane will attempt
to Jump his bond. .
Lane says he got the worst of the
compromise - that he. made with the
company for. the loss of his arm, and
Assistant Superintendent Baker says
that he did not.
This Is what Lane says: "The South
ern Pacific Company agreed "to give me
a position that I could fill,' and it put
me at work in Tracy.. I was given the
work of a regular switchman to do, and
I did it to the satisfaction of the com
pany, but when I was paid, I was paid
the wages of a smiple flagman. If I
could . do the work of a switchman I
was entitled to the wages of a switch
man."
A. W. Baker, assistant superintendent,
upon whom the revolver was drawn,
said: "Lane was given the best posi
tion that we had vacant that he could
fill, and he was paid for the work done.
When he came into my office he had
been drinking, and we were not able to
find out just exactly what his com
plaint was. When we ordered him out
he drew the revolver and threatened
to shoot us all."
WILL TAKE REMAINS
BACK TO XATIVE STAVE
OAKLAND, March 3. — The body of
young 1 Charles Hasselkus, -who was
killed by a train at the Sixteenth
street depot last week, is on its way to
Toledo, Ohio, in charge of the broth
er-in-law of the deceased, L. G. Con
nor, who came here in answer to a
query by the Coroner as to what dis
position should be made of the re
mains. Connor started East with the
body this evening.
Connor said that the young man's
mother is prostrated over the affair
and she insisted on his coming to Cal
ifornia to learn how the accident oc
curred and bring the body home.
With some money received from his
father's estate Hasselkus bought a
piece of property at Rocky Ford,
Colo. He left there to go on a trip
to Seattle and evidently was making
his way cheaply to San Francisco
when he met with the accident which
caused his death.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mamctla Connty.
THURSDAY, MARCH 3
A. E. or Albert E. Blum to Leontine Blum,
lot, on E line of Bread way. aa N of Durant
street. N 46:t> by E 150. portion of lot 2, bloc*
F. Fountain, Place. Oakland; $1O.
Calvin A. Shaw (single) to James H. Herri
man, let on E rine of Cherry street. 16O S of
Forty-ninth (Birch) street. S 40 by E 140. lot
52. block F. map block F of Snyder & Mont
gomery subdivision of portion of Temescal
Park. Oakland; $10. .
Christiana W. Megahan to Otto F. Rode, lot
on N line of Eighteenth street. 22 E of Union.
E 2"!. N 112:"JH. W 45, 8 12:.°.'*. E 22. S 10O,
portion lots 1 and 2, map Surryhne Tract. Oak
land: $10. .
Laura A. and Charles D. Haven to Nils and
Jenny Gilberg. lot on E line of Chestnut street.
30 S from N brundary line lands of Laura A.
Haven. S 35 by E U9. more or less, portion of
block 545. Bcardman's map, Oakland: $10.
George and Carrie R. Sterling to Realty Syn
dicate (a corporation),, lot on E line of Hollis
street. 123 S of Terba Buena avenue. S ICO by
K 125. lots 6 and 7. block 14. map part plat 0.
Kellersberger's survey V. and D. Peralta
Rancbo,.pn>perty of J. S. Emery. Oakland; $lt».
Andrew and Dora Brorsen to H. M. Maxwell,
lot en W line of Lusk street, 41 by 141, being
lot :tl, map White House plat. Oakland; $10.
Harry L. and Nyda W. Holcomb to H. M.
Levy, lots 2 and 3. block G. map Apgar Tract,
portion plat 37 of Kellersberger's subdivision
of V. and D. Peralta Ranchoa. Oakland; *IO.
Klttie E. and Thomas D. Newsom to Charles
H. and Frank J. Taylor, lot on SE Una of
Fifth avenue. 5O SW or East Eighteenth street.
SW 40 by SE 100, block 90, Clinton, Eaet Oak
land (deed made to correct error In former
deed); $10. . »
Catherine S. or Catharine S. and J. C.
Schmidt to Alexander Dutertre. lets 14 and 15.
block D, Rooney Tract. Berkeley; $10.
R. A. and Florence E. B«rry to Guy W.
Monroe. lot en N line of Parker street. ICO E of
Grant. N 129.4 by E 33. portion lot 18. block
F. Crystal Spring Tract. Berkeley: $10.
H. M. and Nellie A. Maxwell to Realty
Syndicate (corporation), lot on VV line of Lusk
street. 41x141. being lot 31, map White Hou3e
Plat. Oakland; $10.
George and Carrie R. Sterling to same, lot
on S line of Spring street. 22f> E of Adeline. E
75 by S 9», lots 79 to 81, Kiinball Tract. Oak
land: ?1O.
Holcomb Land Company <Heron-HoIcomb
Company) to Sarah Elizabeth Barbee. lot be-
Rinriing at Intersection of NK line of Bay placa
with line dividing Plats 20 and 21. V. and D.
Peralta Rancho. said line being NW line of
land of Edson F. Adams «t at., thence NE
125, NW-36:4. SW 108.15, P 40. Oakland; $10>.
Albert L. and Violet A. Krelss to Nellie A.
Mehrtens, let on S line of Merrimac street
740 W of Telegraph avenue, W 4O by S «9.6rt.
let 28. Austin Park, Oekland; $1O.
Fred H. Danes to Bella Bangs (wife), lot
8, block G. map Linda Vista Terrace, Oak
land; gift.
Augusta M. Tayloi* (executrix estate of
John Taylor) to J. E. Foster, all interest In
let on E line of Howard street. *2:6 N of
Brooklvn avfjnue, X W by E 130. East Oak
land; !M2r..
II. P. Bancroft to Susie S. Morrison (single),
lot 5. block F. mat) Santa Fe Tract No. 2,
Oakland; ?10.
Richard and Elizabeth Derby (wife) to C-
Frank Weber. Jot on S corner of Santa Rosa
and Oakland avenues. SE 120.40 SW 75. NW
147.70, NE 79.6.'.. lot 7. block I, map Linda
1 Vista Terrace. Oek!and; $10.
Charles O. end Victoria V. Evans. Harriet
Li. and J. C. Etta to Minnie M. «nd J. F.
Wohlhuter. undivided one-half of lot on SK
line • of East Seventeenth street. 79 SE of
Ninth avenue, SE 2." by NE 100. block ©.*>.
Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Howard K. James to Orla P. OroutbT. lot on
NE line of East Fourteenth street." 150 Jfff «f
Third avenue. NW 33:4 by NE 120. block 5.-..
Clinton. Er«t Oakland; *1.
J. E. and Mary O. Foster to Berth* LV
Hp reman (wife of T. H.), lot on SE Une> of
Howard street. 82:6 NE of Brooklyn avenue
NE 40 by SE 130. lot 03. property of Capital
Homestead Association, Brooklyn, East Oak
land; SI".
J. Tl and Evelyn E. Root (wife) to Eliza
beth B. Bamts (wife of Benjamin Jr.). lot.be
ginning At a point in center line of Tyler
street, distant 134.3.T SW from center line of
TeI:iTTT»ph road, thence n'.nrtg wild line of Ty
ler street SW ?0O by NW ttCO, being portion
of Ball Tract. Berkeley: $10.
, Emma Sterett to Thomas S. Downar. lot on
SE comer of Collejre way and Mllvla street. E
OO by S too, lota 5 and 6. block 2. amended
map Sea View Park, belnc portion of plat 79.
etc.. Berkeley: $10.
Gustav F. W. and Catherine Schultxe to
Welto.i .1. Phil!Ir>«. lnt on S line of Clutnnlnjy
way. 2SO TV of Milvia <Tremont) street. W 5O
by S 135. lot 11. Mock 5. map of blocks 5 and
«. Tlarker T^ct. Berkeley: $10.
Pythian l*aM A*>clatlnn <corporatlon> to
George \V. Morgan, lot on JJW corner of Shat
turk »venue" nr.d Berkeley way. N 40. W 70.28,
S SO..TO. E "fi.4-5. let ). block 1, map Sea View
Park Tract: alac strlD cf land between E line
of said lot and present W line of said Shat
tuck avenu». Berkeley: <1O.
L*ah V. Mott (single) to John A. Boyter. lot
en V>' line of Cnlon street, 110 S of Alameda
• venue, S 40 by w 131. block 4, Bartletf
Truct. Alamrda; ?10.
Millers Incorporate.
OAKLAND, March 3. — Articles of
incorporation of the Johnson Bros. &
Crawford Company were filed with
the County Clerk.' to-day. The com
pany is the owner of the new flour
mill at the foot of Alice street. The
capital stock is $100,000. John B. B.
Johnson, Archibald Johnson, D. M.
Johnson, Georse H. Crawford and A.
L. Crawford are the directors. ;
First Stcn for Underground Wires.
•OAKLAND, March 3. — The City
Council took the first step toward
putting the wires of the telegraph and
telephone companies under ground
to-night when it was decided by the
committees to adopt a resolution or
dering that where a street is to be
bituminized in the future, all electric
lighticff, telephone and telegraph
wires shall be put under the street.
Attorney Engs apeared for the Oak
land Transit Company and asked that
the matter of a franchise through
East Fourteenth street, against which
there was such a protest, be post
poned for two weeks. He said there
was no intention to oppose the resi
dents along the street, and that a new
route was being considered. That
route is understood to be along East
Twelfth street.
Willard Memorial Service.
OAKLAND, March 3. — A memorial
service in honor of Frances E. Wil
lard will be held at 2 o'clock to-mor
row afternoon at the headquarters of
the W. C. TV U.. 1119 Jefferson street.
Mrs. Worth will deliver the address of
the day, her subject being. "The Flow
er of Temperance Chivalry. Frances
E. Willard."
Funeral of Aged Minister.
OAKLAND, March 3.— The funeral of
the Rev. W. T. Beale, who was killed
by being run down by a wagon, was
held this- afternoon from the First M.
E. Church, the services being conduct
ed by the Rev. E. R. Dille. assisted by
the Rev. John Kirby, Dr. John Fearn
and the Rev. O. B. Smith.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
» ARRIVED.
Thursday. March 3.
Stmr Newsboy. Adler. .14 hours from Eureka.
Sttnr Gipsy. L#Ian<l. 21 hours from Monterey
and way corta.
SAILED.
Strnr Aurelia. Ertckscn, Astoria and Port
land.
Stmr Sierra. Houdlette. Honolulu and
Sydney.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN*— Sailed March S— Schra Hal
cyon jmd Falcon, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived March 3— Stmr Spokane,
bence March 2; stmr Pasadena, hence March 1.
Sailed March 3— Stmr Alliance, for Portland;
itmr Francis H Lesrjrett. for San Pedro.
Sues for Nnrsinjj Bill.
OAKLAND, March 3.— Suit has
been begun by Mr3. Louise # Hilton
against the estate' of M. S. Palmer on
a $457 nursing bill. She alleges she
took care of deceased for the last five
rnonths of his life, for which she says
she has received no compensation.
IMPERIAL. Cal.. March 3. — The election on
the question of the lncorrwiratlon of Imperial
as a city of the sixth class resulted In prac
tically a unanimous vote for Incorporation.
City officers elected will qualify next Monday.
After listening to the testimony of Mrs.
Blanchard and arguments by Judge
A. F. Ft Sure for the defendant and
Attorney O. G. Heaton for the plaintiff,
Justice Tappan confessed that the
older he grew the less he knew about
corsets and. in what he affirmed would
be his last effort to reach a decision,
requested the attorneys to submit the
entire matter on briefs. In taking this
course, His Honor said:
"It appears from Mrs. Blanchard's
evidence here to-day that she refused
the corset because the 'spoons' did not
come up to her expectations. " Despite
the lack of 'spoons,' however, she stated
that the garment was a 'death trap,'
and I must eay that It is a vgry for
midable looking instrument. It has al
most as much steel in it as a Russian
battleship. The commercial world must
be protected and there is a question in
my mind as to whether Mrs. Blanchard
did not err in refusing to try on the
corset after Mrs. Eibes had built and
launched it. If it was constructed ac
cording to plans and specifications,
Mrs. Blanchard should pay for it. If
not I will have to determine just what
Mrs. Eibes is entitled to."
ALAMEDA, March 3. — Corsets were
again to the front in City Justice R.
B. Tappan's court to-day, when the
hearing of the action begun by Mrs. S.
E. Eibes to recover %1 DO from Mrs.
Francis Blanchard for a corset built
for the latter, was resumed. The de
fendant came armed -with one of the
whalebone garments, which she said
she had worn with comfort and which
she asserted was far superior to the
one made for her by the plaintiff and
which Mrs. Blanchard refused to ac
cept and referred to as a "death trap."
The result that is being aimed at is
to form an association of lumber deal
ers that will work in harmony with
an association of contractors. If this
is "brought about the contractors and
the dealers will not only be able to
control the prices of material, but also
the prices of labcrr.
G. R. Jameson of the Pacific Coast
Lumber Company explained the pro
posed association as follows:
"The association is not to raise the
price of material, but to equalize it.
There has been no understanding upon
rates for some time and .the prices
are now so low that there is no profit
in the business. There has been all
kinds of rate cutting, and what is be
ing aimed at is merely to establish a
uniform scale of prices, so that no one
(nan will get a better rate than an
other. • We are looking toward protect
ing the members of our own business
as against unequal rate cutting, and
there is no intention of making any
arbitrary raise in rates."
This is what Hugh Hogan, who has
refused to go into the combine, says:
"There is no necessity for trying to
put prices up in any way and our com
pany will not enter any combine. The
wholesale price of lumber has gone
down and there is no reason why the
retail price should not go with it. I
understand that nearly all of the lum
ber dealers upon this side of the bay
have become parties to the agreement,
and they are trying to set an organ
ization of contractors to back them
up and to use no lumber except from
yards belonging to ! members of the
combine. Up to the present time they
have only about 23 per cent of the con
tractors in this agreement."
The attempt being made to form a
combination of lumber dealers in this
city has been nearly though not en
tirely successful. Hugh Hogan of the
Humboldt Lumber Company is thQ
principal dealer standing out against
the combine. Mr. Hogan says the com
bine is out to raise the price of lum
ber, white those who have subscribed
to the agreement or understanding say
that 'it has been done merely to equal
ire prices and to keep some contrac
tors from getting better prices than
others.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
» 1118 Broadway, March 3.
She could see the dim outlines of a
man's form through the do<fr leading
jnto the kitchen, as he moved toward
the window to escape.
"If you stop I'll kill you," shouted the
woman again.
And a moment later the man had
hurried through the window. She could
see his retreating form going down the.
street.
Mrs. Hutton all the time was un
armed, there being nothing in the line
of firearms in. the house. She said to
day . that she was satisfied the man
had been thoroughly frightened by the
threats.
Mrs. Hutton was alone In the house
and asleep when she was awakened
about 11 o'clock by a noise on the lower
floor of the house. It sounded like the
breaking of glass and it was after
ward discovered that the intruder had
stumbled against a window and broken
it. The plucky woman crawled to the
head of the stairs as soon as she could
and -cried out:
"Who's there? Get " away or I'll
shoot." jJ-t
Pretending to be armed to the teeth
and ready to shoot at the first sign of
hesitancy, Mrs. Christine E. Hutton
forced a designing burglar to take to
his heels last night when he tried to
rob her home at 2028 Francisco street.
Berkeley Office San Franeisco Call,
2148 Center street, March 3.
Asks Attorneys to Submit
the Eibes-Blanchard Case
on Briefs for Consideration
Rate Cutting Is Said to Be
General and Demoraliza
tion Exists in the Trade
Though Alone in the House
and Unarmed, She Forces
Him to Take to His Heels
Mrs. De 3Iers Would Sur
render the One-Armed De
fendant to the Officers
PROBABLY A MISTAKE
EVIDENCE OF EXPERTS
"We hope that the public will not
misunderstand the situation," said E.
A. Toung, proprietor of the Adeline
market. "This is not a fight on wages.
There is hardly a retailer in this city
who does not pay as much or more
than the ur#on scale. We have been
jammed to the wall by continued de
mands from the -union. This last de
mand, which has caused the trouble,
reads -'effective - March 1. .1904.' and
does not provide any time limit.. • So
far as the agreement goe?, it gives us
not a particle of protectiqn against
more demands to-morrow. •
"We have organized to protect our
selves and have told the union that
unless it withdraws the boycott from
the Kohler and Rothamel shops we
shall lock out all union men. .The
wholesalers are behind us.
"We' had information that' a general
strike of the union was to be ordered
for Saturday morning, so we fore
stalled that somewhat by ordering this
lockout."
. The employing butchers' associa
tion officers are as follows: President,
O. G. Newhall: secretary, Fred Koh
ler; treasurer, Oscar Breiling; ser
geant at arms, Fred Kuhnle.
T. E. McGovern, business agent of
the union, said fo-iiight: "We were
told flatly to" quit 'the union or quit
our jobs. So far as the union is con
cerned, we. shall meet the situation in
our own way."
NOT A FIGHT OX WAGES.
The employing butchers' associa
tion » to-night at a meeting at Giers
Kail decided to notify those dealers
who have not yet joined the associa
tion that they would be given until 6
o'clock '• to-morrow night to sign the
roll, the alternative being that sup
plies would be cut off. A delegation
from the butchers' board of trade of
San Francisco, representing the
wholesale interests, attended the meet
ing and pledged its support to the
association. • The. employers declare
they have organized for a fight to the
finish.
"The employers have decided they do
not want outsiders to run their busi
ness. It is not a matter of wages and
hours, at least so far as I. am con
cerned, for I have paid the rates now
demanded right along."
Neither union man nor employer
was willing to say how far the contest
might go. There is danger that the
wholesalers may be involved arid that
the slaughter-houses wjll be affected.'
Indications point to a hard fight. Some
of the large* dealers have started to find
non-union help.
Herman May,, district organizer for
the Pacific Coast of the International
Butchers', and Sausage Makers' Union,
has'taken-charge of" the situation. He
announced that the local union Avould
be supported by the international body.
Fred Becker,' the largest employer in
the city, said:
"We have been -locked but because we
have made a demand for- more wages
and less working hours. Our demands
have the ., official indorsement of the
councils with which we are affiliated."
At this time the situation- is somewhat
involved owing .to the calling of th-2
lockout, and we are not prepared to
say- what will be done."
Makers' executive board, by the Pack
ing Trades' Council and by the Ala
meaa County Federated Trades.
As soon as the lockout had been de
clared a special meeting of the Butch
ers' Union was called. T. E. McGovern,
the .union's; business agent, "made the
following statement: 4'
This demand* the union declares, has
been indorsed by the International
Journeymen Butchers' and Sausage
Behind the contest stand the.whole
sale supply firms. Union men declare
that the retailers have been forced to
declare a lockout by the wholesalers. It
is said that the supply houses have
agreed to protect their retailing
patrons, who have organized to resist
the union's demands.
The agreement presented to the- em
ployers provides an increase from $16 to
$18 a week in meat cutters' wages; a
reduction to ten hours as a day's work
for sausagemakers; boys to work only
as cash boys; apprentices limited, to
youths of 18 years of age, at a mini
mum of $10 a week. There are also
other points relating to working condi
tions included. ¦
BUTCHERS HOLD MEETING.
The lockout came as a great surprise
to the union. The leaders had not ex
pected the employers to take this step.
It had been believed that a strike would
be ordered, however, and the employers
took the offensive side of the contest,
placing the men on the defensive.
The employers met and decided to re
sist the strike, by ordering fl. general
lockout, to De effective to-day, unless
the strike should be declared ' off and
the pickets withdrawn. In pursuance of
the decision every union butcher with
the exception of" a few employed in
shops th&t signed the agreement was
notified before noon to-day that his ser
vices were no longer required. The ma
jority of the shops notified their men
when they appeared for work. At Beck
er's, Washington street, near Eighth,
where nearly fifty meat cutters". were
employed, the lockout was effective at
noon.
This was the employers' reply to the
union's demands.
OAKLAND, March: 3.-— Refusal
of the employing butchers, of
this city to sign a new wage and
hours schedule presented by the Jour
neymen Butchers* Union; followed , by
a strike in two meat markets of union
meat cutters, has led. to a lockout of
union .butchers. Two hundred men are
involved and nearly every meat mar
ket in Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda
has been affected. Employers in the
large shops declared that the fight is
not centered on the wage schedule, but
is a question, with thenvof recognition
of the union.
For ten days the situation has been
working to a crisis. Soon after the
union made known its demands the
employers met and decided that they
would not sign the " new. " agreement,
though Fred Becker, the largest em
ployer, said that he had been paying
the new rate demanded for a long time ;
but he declined to sign the agreement
because it forced him into recognition
of the Butchers' Union. This position
was taken by all but a few of the em
ployers.
The union yesterday forced the issue,
by calling a strike in Kohler Bros, and
G. A. Rothamel's ; markets because
these employers had refused to sign
the new agreement. The first named
firm conducts the Buffalo Market at
Twenty-second street and San Pablo
avenue and the Excelsior Market at
Twenty-fourth street and Telegraph
avenuo. Rothamel's shop is the Pa
cific Market at Twentieth street and
Telegraph avenue. These shops were
declared "unfair," and pickets were sta
tioned in front of them to announce a
boycott. \
EMPLOYERS WILL RESIST.
BUILDERS INTERESTED
MAN BREAKS A WINDOW
Court Admits He Knows
but Little About the Finer
Features of Such Garments
Switchman Who Drew a Ke-
Tolver Upon Officials Does
Not Appear in the Court
Dealers Deny Any Inten
tion of Raising the Prices
for Building Materials
Mrs. Christine Hutton Gets
Better, of Thug by Threat
ening to Shoot Instantly
Unite f of .Resistance to .Union Meat Cutters'
New Scale a^nd Give Notice to Two Hun
dred Men \Vho Leave the Market Blocks
CORSETS WORRY
JUDGE TAPPAN
LUMBER FIRMS
TO ORGANIZE
WOMAN DRIVES
AWAY BURGLAR
LANE'S SURETY
GETS NERVOUS
RETAIL BUTCHERS MEET
STRIKE WITH LOCKOUT
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL- .FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1904
OAKLAND, March 3.— Superior
Judge H. A. Melvih' returned last night
from New York, where;he attended a
meeting of the committee on appeals
and. jgTievances. of the Order of Elks,
w'hile'in XewvYork' Judge '; Melvih was
the guest ,of District Attorney Jerome
of thai city;
Judge Melvln Returns.
Alleged Embezzler Jailed.
OAKLAND, March 3.— Walter
Breeden, accused of embezzling $250
from' Court Kharesborough, " 'Ancient
Order of Foresters, was lodged" in the
City Prison to-day, ••¦" having been
brought from Marysville, where .he
was arrested Monday.*
3Irs. C. M. Pelle Dead.
OAKLAND/ March 3.— Mrs. . Chris
tian M» Pell^ died ' to-day at her home/
242 Ellis i street, x ''The deceased - was
the wife ofi .Captain Albert Pelle and
was the daughter of C. C.I Hill 'of T this
city .
6
ADVEETISEMENTS.
¦MflBBHHHBBaEBBHBHH
I WANTED. I
I 60 I
i SON-UNION :
I BUTCHERS]
I $18.00 Per Week. |
g 10 Hours Per Day. »
a i ===== ' s
¦ FRED .BECKER g
O Oakland, Cal. E3
¦¦¦¦¦¦BBBSBHHIHHBH
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL US'
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEk".
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
AI*\3IEDA.
: 1435 Park Street.
Telephone Enffle 502.
ORDER F*OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
ilall VMs Orfler to Til* 8ma Txmaalaee Call 'WltX 73a.
Xhe San -Francisco Call.
San Francisco. Cat:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c for which send me on*
copy of The Call's C&eat Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
. Cents is The Call's Premium rate tc all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 33c u
to prepay shipping charges.)
SIGNEr ..„„„
STREET u
CITY „..
STATE ...........;Mrs. Crawford, who was 55 years old,
was discovered by the daughter of the
landlady. Mrs, Presho, dead. She was
lying, fully dressed, on the bed in her
room. A small gas stove was found
burning, and it was evident that the
woman had got up In the morning to
make her breakfast, as was her habit.
A rubber gasket connecting the hose
from the sas jet wilh the stove was
found to be in a defective condition.
Mrs. Julia J. Crawford, an aged
woman, sister of the late Lieutenant
Friend W. Jenkins of the United States
r.avy, who lost his life when the battle
ship Maine was blown up in the har
bor of Havana, on February 15, 1S98,
was accidentally asphyxiated yesterday
morning in her room in a house at
1395 O'Farrell street.
Jury Secured for -Mining Case.
A jury was secured in Judge Mu
rasky's court yesterday to tr^ the case
of George E. Rlley and J. W. Relley
against the North Star Mining Com
pany. The suit is for $800,000 damages
alleged -by the plaintiffs to be due
them for, an alleged infringement -of
their rights in the premises known as
the Massachusetts Hill Mine Com
pany. The case will come up for trial
March 8. . ;v..:l^
We Need the Coin.
Bring a few dollars and shoe -i your
entire family. | Shoes go at • any, price,
from 35c up. Remember, this is no fake;
we must positively have the coin.' La
dles' shoes 35c: gents' shoes 85c; boys'
shoes 75c; babies' shoes 15c. To-morrow,
Saturday,- 9 o'clock. 'Massachusetts Shoe
Co./ 1101 Market st., cor. Seventh," Odd
Fellows' buildine. ¦ V^*-'. •- .'
Want Cow Limits Extended.
The Joint committee on Health, Po
lice and Streets yesterday postponed
action for one week on the petition
of residents and - taxpayers that " the
limits within which it is prohibited
to have more than two cows be ex
tended from its present boundaries.
Henry Stafford and G. Roundley urged
the passage of the ordinance. Super
visor Payot's motion that the limits
be extended to the county line receiv
ed no second. A postponement was
ordered to '¦ give the dairymen in the
district affected a chance to be heard
in their own behalf.
phersV Union No.'i 11,038; six new mem
bers; wire obligated . and ; the ; appllca
tions of two* galleries : for union certifi
cates granted. ;_ The 'leap year, ball to
be given ; by";. the ladies . has ' been post
poned until 'April 20.
The Technical Society of rthe Pacific
Coast, one of the affiliated societies
of the Mechanics* Institute, will hold
the second of its 'present course of
lectures at the Mechanics* Institute
Library this evening. The subject of
the lecture. will be '"The, Synthetic
Philosophy of Herbert Spencer." The
lecture will : be delivered by F. P.
Medina.
Lecture on Herbert Spencer.
The will of the late 'Charles Grey
Ewing was filed for. probate yester
day. It disooses of an estate worth
several thousand dollars. The devisees
are Ellen/, Elizabeth G. Ewlrig, the
widow, and the five daughters of the
deceased; The widow gets the share
allowed her by law and the daughters
divide the residue share and' share
alike. " \%B9g£HBagS§Sg
En-ings Will Filed.
C. McClellan, a laborer employed at
Buckman's grading camp in the Sun
set district, met with an accident yes
terday which may cost him the sight
of both eyes. McClellan was prepar
ing charges of blasting powder when
one of the packages exploded, just
as he was stooping over, the recep
tacle. He received the full charge in
his face and was taken to the Park
Emergency Hospital, where the at
tending physician found that not only
was his face severely burned, but his
eyes were so seriously injured that it
is doubtful If he will ever regain his
sight
3Iay Ijosc His Eyes.
NEW YORK. M»rch X— Baxins. Masoun A
Co. announce that they will ship (300.000 gold
to" Buenos Arres. This makes a total , of
(1,250.000 so far engaged. •
The occasion will prove one of live
Interest to all who look to constant
commercial development and im
provements, especially on the Pacific
Coast, and it is expected that a large
attendance of business men generally
will be had.' •
At the San Francisco Board of
Trade rooms a demonstration of wire
less telegraphy with standard Marconi
apparatus will be given this after
noon at 3:30 o'clock, to which the
members of the various commercial
bodies of this city have been invited.
Professor Albert Van der Naillen,
president of the Van der Naillen
School of Engineering, will deliver a
brief discourse on the subject, setting
forth the principles of the system, the
great practical progress that has al
ready been made and the vast com
mercial possibilities that lie before it
in the future. • .
Will Show Marconi System.
Carmen's Union No. 205 has placed
itself on record as opposed to tlie pro
posed ordinance favored by ; the police
prohibiting street meetings within cer
tain limits. Resolutions . denouncing
the proposed measure were adopted and
will be forwarded to the Mayor and the
committee of the Board of Supervisors.
As a result of * the friction between
factions of the Painters' and Decor
ators' Union it is proposed by the Rus
sell-Brundage faction to incorporate
upder the laws .of the State, the cor
porate body to control air the States
west of the Rockies. A mass meeting
will be held on the 9th of this month,
when the matter will be fully discussed.
Sheep Butchers'. Union, Branch 5, has
appointed the following committee of
arrangements for a ball to be given in
South San Francisco: John M. Har
ington, James J. Kearns, E. J. Paqull
lan, William McHugh and George Bor
cenave.-
The nineteenth anniversary of j the
formation of the Sailors' Union of the
Pacific Coast ¦.will be celebrated, by the,
members and their friends ori next
Monday at Sailors' Union Hall crn East
street. Former Judge J. G. Maguire
and Police Commissioner H. -W. Hut
ton, will be the principal speakers on
this occasion. • ¦
New quarters have been secured for
the Waiters' Union on Turk street,
where a' lease secures the union for a
period of ten, years.'' The place is fitted
up with all modern improvements for
the use of the members. > ~
The various labor, unions have Joined
in calling a mass meeting at j the S Al
hambra Theater ; for next Sunday, at
which"- time and : place resolutions will
be. adopted condemning the proposed
ordinance against 1 street open air as
semblages for the discussion of 'public
questions.; j ' ¦
'Resolutions in memory of ':: W.;W.
Copeland -were -adopted by the Typo
graphical Union at; its last meeting.
The deceased had held the position 'of
president of the Typographical Union
for a number' of -years, i during which
he ranked _yery, high in the ; good j opin-^
ion of his'associates, as is evidenced by
their regret fat" his untimely : death/' \
.: At the .last; meeting v of Thotosrra-
Object to Privilege of Using Streets
for Mass Meetings Being Denied
the Public.
CARMEN ARE OPPOSED
TO PROPOSED NEW LAW
• Resolved That these resolutions be spread In
full upon the minutes of the Typographical
Union, forwarded to the relatives of. the de
ceased, to the dally press, the Typographical
Journal and the Labor Clarion, and that 'the
charter of the union be draped In mourning for
a period of thirty days.
WILL. J. FRENCH.
JOHN H. MARBLE.
H. L. WHITE.
Committee.
Resolved ¦ That in his long association .with
the printing- craft our.late president showed
himself possessed of marked ability, " as evi
denced by the positions of trust, and honor as
signed him by the unionists .of the Pacific
Coast, and therefore his demise is our per
sonal loss.
Wherea*. - In the sudden dfeath of W. -TV.
Copeland on February 10. 1JKM. San Franctsco
Typographical Union No. 21 has lost Its hon
ored-president, and organized labor in general
an earnest, advocate of trade unionism— one
ever-ready to advance the cause of. the wage
earner: therefore, -be it
ResolveJ. That San Francisco Typographical
Union No. 21 tenders "to bereaved mother and
relatives its deepest sympathy in the loss of
the son and brother.
• At the regular meeting of San Fran
cisco .Typographical, Union' No. 21,
held last Sunday, the fataLaccident to
President W. W. Copeland. was feel
ingly referred to. A committee was
appointed to draft suitable resolutions
and reported the following:
Passes Resolutions, of. Respect , t or
Memory of W. \V. Copeland, late •
Local Head of Organization.
TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION
.HONORS DEAD PRESIDENT
George M. Pinney, mming promoter,
filed a petition in insolvency yester
day in the United States District
Court. His liabilities are $93,128 and
his assets $37,000. His heaviest cred
itors are as follows: George M. Pin
ney Jr., New York. $20,000; Delia G.
Mahoney 'of San Francisco, $18\895;
S. T. Hauser of Helena, Mont., $8365;
E. J. F. B. Hartson of London, Eng
land, legal services, $5000; Gaston &
Snow, Boston, legal services, $5000;
Hugh Babbetts, London, England,
money loaned, $5000; Matilda Dei
desheimer, money loaned, $5605;
Colonel Ellis, London, Eng
land," money loaned, $400; Harry
T. Creswell, legal services, $5000; es
tate of Eugene Garber, deceased, le
gal services, $3375; Henry I. Kowal
sky, note, $1410; Isaac Frohman, San
Francisco, legal services, $1350; H. C.
Callahan, San Francisco, note, $1210;
Lyman'l. Movvry, San Francisco, legal
services, $1125;.. John R. Aitken;
$1100; Frederick L. Esola, San Fran
cisco, note, $1000.
Among Pinney's assets is a claim
against Homer Wilson for commis
sions, $40,000. Pinney sued for this
sum and recovered Judgment in the
State courts for $7500 and the case
is -now on appeal. There ,is also, an
undivided half interest in the Socrates
placer claim in Sierra County with De
lia G. Mahoney, valued at $500; wear
ing apparel, $400; debts due him,
$400. Carter, Kicketts & Dolph are
his attorneys.
Mining Promoter States That He Owes
More Than Ninety-Three Thousand
Dollars, Money and Notes.
A* lecture was delivered under the
auspices of the Catholic Club last even
ing at the Occidental Hotel by Rev.
Father W. H. Ratcllff on The Writings
of the Fathers as One of the Sources
of Catholic Doctrine." The lecture wa*
followed by an interesting discussion
which was participated in oy members
of the clergy and laity, by whom th«
meeting was well attended. Amons
other clergymen present were Rev.
Fathers Ratcliff, Gee, Parrish, Griffith
and Monges.
The arrangements were under the
charge of Newton H. Barry, vice presi
dent, and Edward Mills Adams, secre
tary of the club. The meeting was pre
sided over by John' H. Robertson, the
president. The next lecture, which will
be the last of the course, will be given
on Thursday, May 6, at 8 p. m., at th-?
Occidental Hotel, by Rev. Fathrr
Charles W. Lathrop, on "The Litur
gies."
the Catholic Club.
Rev. AV. B. Ratcllff Delivers an Inter
esting Lecture Under Auspices of
DISCUSSES WRITINGS OF
THE CATHOLIC FATHERS
The Board of Bank Commissioners
issued licenses for five new banks yes
terday. These institutions will all open
their doors for business for the first
time to-day. The Analy Savings Bank
is located in Sebastopol. Its capital
is $50,000, which is half paid up. F. A.
Brush is president of the bank and A.
B. Swan cashier.
! The Oriental Commercial and Sav
ings Bank comes to San Francisco. Its
capital is $50,000, with $1900 subscribed,
of which latter 20 per cent is paid up.
, The Central Exchange is a commer- ;
cial bank, which will also do business
in San Francisco. Its capital is $100,000.
The amount subscribed Is $25,000, but
only 1 per cent of this is paid up".-.
The Security Savings Bank is located
in Berkeley.. It has a capital of $75,000.
of which 20 per cent is paid up. Its
president is M. P. "W. Albee and its
cashier is A. C. Richards/
The Home Savings Bank goes to Sac
ramento. Its authorized capital Is $25,
000. The amount paid up so far is $3
In American coinl. Charles E. "Wright
is president of the institution and Nel
lie Wright treasurer. \
New Institutions ! Are Established in
San Francisco, Scbastopol, Berke
ley and Sacramento.
BANK COMMISSIONERS •
'&& ISSUE FIVE LICENSES
GEORGE M. . PIXXEY FAILS
FOR A HEAVY AMOUNT
4 *
allowing the deadly monoxide to flow
freely from the hose. Mrs. Crawford
had, to all appearances, returned to bed
wth her clothes on, to lie down after
she had lit the gas stove. While there
she fell asleep and was asphyxiated.
At about 10 a. m. yesterday Miss
Viola Presho. the landlady's daugh
ter, went to Mrs. Crawford's room to
arouse her, and merely pushing the
door open enough to see into the room
saw her lying on the bed, and supposed
she was awake. Later in the day Mrs.
Kate Roberts, a roomer in the same
house, smelled the gas and Miss Presho
went to the room and then found that
the aged woman was dead.
Mrs. Crawford was the divorced wife
of C. P. Crawford, a mining man of
Salt Lake City. She formerly lived on
Duquesno avenue. Allegheny City, Pa.,
and in Denver. Colo. She is supposed
to have been slightly demented. Nu
merous letters in regard to
a supposed buried treasure near
St. Petersburg, at a place known
as Lone Oak, on Tampa Bay,
Fla., were found in her room. She also
had a number of plats and diagrams of
the ground in the vicinity of the place
where the treasure she expected to find
was supposed to have been buried in
early days by the crew of a pirate
ship, which was wrecked on the north
shore of Tampa Bay. Among the dead
woman's effects was a large package of
letters from clairvoyants, mediums and
spiritualists, directing her how to gain
access to the burled treasure which she
sought to recover.
AGED WOMAN. WHO WA8 j
ACCIDENTALLY ASPHYXI- j
ATED BY GAS. j
Unfortunate speculations supply the
sole explanation for Mellen L. Doe's
failure. He was concerned in mining
stocks and also in Eastern invest
ments. In addition to the creditors
named in the foregoing, the schedule
discloses that there is owing to J.E.,
yr. H. and J. C. Adams $5257. The
Adamses are the owners of the Adams
building on Sutter street. There is
due to J. B. Bocarde $2820; to J.
Knowland $4860, E. Kittredge & Co.
$656; F. M. Smith of Elmhurst, $362;
S. H. Smith of Monterey, $1100; M.
Lewis, $500; Mutual Life Insurance
Company, $736; Phoenix Mutual Life
Insurance Company, $509; D. Roder
ick of Monterey, $4 080; M. Marks.
$1092; and to L. Kaufman and J. R.
Smith, $100 in total.
The indebtedness that is included
in the schedule filed yesterday with
the petition in bankruptcy is old, and
consists principally of borrowed
money. The notes evidencing most
of the debt have been renewed from
time to time. Among the debts was
one for margins on stocks purchased
by a broker. Some time ago an offer
was made by Mellen L. Doe's attorney
for a settlement of this claim. The
proposition was not accepted. Friends
of Mellen L. Doe say that this refusal
might have been due to a belief that
family ' pride would be too strong to
permit Mellen L. Doe to come into
court as a voluntary bankrupt; that
other members of the family would
prevent it.
Mellen L. Doe has, however, disap
pointed this expectation, if it ever
really existed. Had the petition in
bankruptcy been filed on the day be
fore Charles F. Doe died, the legacy
of $40,000 would not have been in
cluded in the assets and Mellen L.
Doe would have been cleared of his
indebtedness. The estimate of the
value of the legacy is based on the
fact that Mellen L. Doe inherited by
the will of Charles F. Doe two per
cent of an estate that is worth about
$2,000,000. Of this share one per
cent is payable at once and the other
one per cent, or $20,000, at the dis
cretion of the trustees. It was said
yesterday that by sacrificing his leg
acy to his creditors, Mellen L. Doe will
have little left.
Mellen L. Doe. formerly a member
of the firm of Charles F. Doe & Co.
of this city, filed a petition in bank
ruptcy in the United States District
Court yesterday. The indebtedness
amounts to $130,625 12, of which
$11,725 is interest on borrowed money.
Among:. the assets is $40,000, the esti
mated value of a legacy to Mellen F.
Doe by will of the late Charles F.
Doe. The largest creditors are Mel
len F. Doe's brothers, F. P. Doe. in
the amount of $61,713, and C. W. Doe,
for $28,080. The petition was filed by
Attorney Bert Schlesinger.
! Five years ago the interest of Mel
len F. Doe was bought out by the
other members of the firm of Charles
F. Doe & Co. Mellen L. Doe was en
gaged in speculating in various ways
and this is alleged to have led. to the
dissolution of partnership. Mellen L.
Doe is a nephew of Barrett and J. S.
Doe, who have been noted for con
servat've business • methods. Since he
retired from business, Mellen has re
sided at Monterey and has not been
very actively engaged.
Total Indebtedness Placed
at $180,625, of Which the
Bulk Is for Borrowed Coin
FAILS IN SPECULATIONS
Mellen L. Doe Delays Filing
of a Bankruptcy Petition
and So Sacrifices $40,000
LEGACY FALLS
TO CREDITORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1904.
Mrs. Julia Crawford, Who Is Supposed
to Have Been Slightly Demented, Was
a Relative of Victim of the Maine
ELDERLY WOMAN IS FOUND
DEAD FROM ASPHYXIATION
7
-,.-:'. ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
B& ! ®^ I ik! &b A n^ man y ot^ cr painful and serious
BSi^^HratBVI a^ ments fr° m wticli most mothers
Era B WP § II wM suffer, can be avoided by the use of
lABIfeDI I l& This great remedy
Bk ISi Hi m fl * s a sen<^ t0 women > carrying
SfffllJL Jlllmjl II t^ iem tkrcm&n their most critical
Bar m m Us CHS 13 ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who nses ''Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; !for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery.' The child is
also healthy, strong and — _ — — _ _ -33*. ¦
goodnatured. Our book i ilgLP^
"Motherhood," is worth ill 111 I 11 EH »
its weight in gold to every ¦WHllBf M EiniQ
woman, and will be sent free in plain |p B% g WP &| S^
envelope by addressing application to Ip B£ B «i HI || ||
Bradfiold Regulator Co. Atlanta.Ga. | BiBbPiEl'
ADVEBTISEMElfTS.
THEY ACTUALLY
DO THE WORK
Food Eaten I« Wortlilcss Unless Di-
gested— Some Stomachs Must
Have Heli>.
Food trtken into the Etomach which,
from the nature of the food or the con-
dition of the stomach. Is not digested
is worse than no food at all. Thi3 is
a tru« statement as far as it goes, and
a great many dyspeptics go only this
far with their reasoning. They argue
%vith themselves that because their
stomachs do not do the work given
them they must be given less work; in
other words, they must be starved. It
w«u!d be just as sensible for a busi-
ness man who is unable to do all his
<rvrn work to cut down his business to
his own capacity as it is for a man
to starve himself to relieve his stom-
ach. The sensible business man em-
ploys help and goes forward With his
business. Likewise the sensible dys-
peptic will employ help for his stom-
ach and give his body proper nourish-
ment.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets actually
do the work assigned to them. They
relieve weak and overburdened stom-
achs of a great portion of . digestive
action. Thefr component parts are
Identical with those of the digestive
fluids and secretions of the stomach
and they simply take up the grind and
carry on the work just the game as a
pood, strong, healthy stomach would
do it.
. On this account Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets are perfectly natural in their
action and effects. They do not cause
any unnatural or violent disturbance
In the stomach or bowels. They them-
selves digest the food and supply the
system with all the nourishment con-
tained in what is eaten and carry out
nature's plans for the sustenance and
maintenance of the body.
How much more sensible Is this
method than that employed by many
sufferers from weak stomachs. By this
means body and brain get all the good,
nutritious food they need and the man
is properly nourished and equipped to
carry on his work and perform his du-
ties. He could not possibly be In proper
working condition by starving himself
or employing some new fangled. In-
sufficient food that does not contain
enough nutriment for a year-old baby.
A strong man doing strong work must
be properly fed, and this applies to the
brain as well as the body.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets by reliev-
ing the Etomach erf its work enable It
to recuperate and regain its normal
health and strength. Nature repairs
the xvorn and wasted tissues just as !
f he heals and knits the bone of a brok-
en limb, which is of course not used
during the process of repair.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
pale by all druggists at 50 cents a box
and thev are the one article that the
druggist docs not try to sell something
In the place of that's "Just as good."
•Their unqualified merit and success and
the universal demand for them has
placed them within the reach of every I
oae.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
l&t&loffue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application. -
7SESE AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RflVF^ ft C(\ 6hl PP«K Butchers. 10S
JA3. DUIEJ tt \AJ. clay. Tel. Main 1234.
OXI.S. ~ "
IX'ERICATrxO OILS: LEONARD & ELLIS.
41*i Front et.. S. F. Pbooe Main 1719.
LGfiUOfiE* ..luaSSSSJSi.r.
.¦¦•¦¦ the T.TvrpoBrrjaiL ¦••-:¦- % the empobium. j ihb EMroBimt. \ the Tffif postotc '
**>*** *aMUW x*mt KtMcaw «iiiwti»,»uiiwata* *.*mk»m*m*. »» ww* *M**X. «*'X*iM** *,*,*.**. *«?«$«* ***** ********** ***** ***** ***** ******
I ...,' i — p— : • ... •' •' — i 1— ¦;
} TV • Little RucheS ¦ Accounts can be opened by responsible*, Bulgarian j{
«f M Aim Ma JUan& parties. Ai>ply at our Credit Bureau. , Stocks *
if E8| .^ -j|^-^ --^ ¦ mVm mMaG fw€?t»#m . - * -" Kf%*+ 7fiT«« 2
•C W I H ¦ w £¦ ¦'¦ B Arc be'ng worn again. A wo- '. /f) ' £s^ ~ ' • * "• »w»i ' * ' - xt i_ 5
\ ~S 1' i H fl " man's toilet will not be complete . TfZf *> mW^m^miy U^yttA' V* M 'mlM^ The newest fad in Neck- %
i m B bT without one- of these iittle neck ijt^yj- s^TMSMJTfllJfjJjfl wcar — Hnen craih, Bulgarian "*
it ill piec "' Chiffon> with P 0 ' 1 " # / 4^V/I/#/€/ i/4^####/JL-^. embroidery, in cross stitch, x
| JL HJli V Iw^T^JltSthSS CAUr ° RNWS | "" ornamented with pearl-but-.
* _ dot* ..SOo "*m^^&&l mi . AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE tons; v=ry stylish. •*
I I \ \r^ A Coke's Dandruff Cure I Sale Men's Goods \
5 ¦*'/¦ Y/ \f 1 Fbrfv-Three Cents Shirts 45c; Underwear 73c $
3 1 § II El I A ,Jr ************* « Also Boy? Stiff Bosom Skirts, Men's- \
* ¦ m Mm If H 1 And many Other good bargains Hosiery, etc.— To-day and Saturday. $
J* S \ F A. w ¦'¦% A zn Toilet Articles To-day and Saturday. Mtn*> Ooir and stiff Bo«om^swrtj— in "j
if ML. >«-^ _., _ , •lit ' f^\ /g?k nwdraj, percales, Bedford «ord» and V
if For Fridav and Saturday we will place on A ;: Arj^^3^s other 8 ood material*, u stap«, figured :«
* Af sale 1000 .bottles of Coke's Dandruff SW|||| Z^l?££f££T£Z |
» !•-* Cure, fresh from the factory; each bottle mt0?!M6ffi :¦ Hi • tsc. *>-oo and $u S o shim, _ j;
$ Hi /"\¥ I T guaranteed genuine and the J31$*% : <W M^n^ST^Y ' £9 i
T> I I B «R n / i m.1 t • 4 i y\ oj \Y ? 'l^ri ' ™n % Derby fibbed Underwear— Way's «*
i 1 \1 Iff Bh/1/ regular $1 kind, for the 2 days^*^*^ \SI3 i =' - :• •• 5 F °p dir make » »>««««««« garmean'in *
H k «H II" ll/l/-' ice size Lyon's Tooth Powder. . 50c size Wake:c e C4mdin-.35b ' \N:3 I • : m , |- 1 ij : ' tan color, regularly Ju 00 J
i % VI II I I V 1*O 5°= « ! « Imported P e rfumc..3So x H^ \ \ \ \ u fo f V^ ± ' Zm * C %
5> H B X A f. W J1.00 size Newbro'i Herpicde. . *i. 00 size Dr. Charles' Flesh Food \ >Iii ' 1 \3 * H ° S * 2 ' C ~ at T e< * ton » •
J . 7^^ If . . ; . . . .... 7 Go '. .'. . 50 C \?^ German and French makes, hi jh-.grade «
S s^* fi.'oo'iite Lambert's' Listuine. . 15c s ; ie Prepared Toilet Mignesia goods, with striped and lace Oft^ S
5 /^l >^ BSO IOO effects, to-day ind Saturday, pair. . ..." 5
it L llYS^^Ji"' «ocsiieCildeViDsn:ine*3So Soc Rubber MaistijeBniiliei... Men'. Fancy Half Hofe-Fine imported French and Germaa fincy "J
I < 5C Menaen'i Talcum . . 1 SO . 2SO Me "dtancy cotton half hwe-impe^ figure, .ad doo; 6 pdr, «
Z £y 4 ' 75c M.&L. Florida Water.45o 50c size Toilet Waters . . 3SC .. *. f ' / T}?/ , 1 " 8 C T'" * " ' '•* * * ' '¦' ', ' ' ' ZS ° 5
J S^ T 1 1 f+r* **%nr *SC*w'Coticura Scap. . . ISO H-oo size Hoyt's Cologne..65»7 Men * J 0olf *hIrts--Some «w spring effects, m percales art! Bedford J
If LJ/A I 1 I I I 1/1 V !»•« iue MubWs and K-opff S oc size Hovt's Cologne . 38C «rdj; optntd last week; fine high grade goods, each. . . SUOO $
* V**VWI Re| . 5tinc 8S * O '0,^4711 White Rose Toilet High Grade Spring Neckwear-In tecks, four-i a -lund^ imperiaU, X
Z - '1T # -#l -A 15C Packer's Tar Soap . . tSO Soap, * for. . \ . . ...23O and (M ? i boW tle$ m P 1 *^ tteel «"'» wJne color » browa « d e5n " 5
* 1^ 1A t% T S« c « B Iache Fa « Powd ' r Soc size Marchand.'s Peroiide.. . ' namon browns . .__. .... -*°P %
V X^IVlll,* - • • -y300 • • ' • • • 4OO Madras Pajamas-Good patterns, wen made, suit St. 25 *
* Sale Beginning To-Day, 10,000 Yards \
« Yes, this most instruc- Bg****&r ***%*$ Mffoi&e* B25hh*mn«z <^I^^ : 5
| tive and most interest- BiBOK-ana ¥vmse Ktnuons imggm *
* HIP exhibit DOSitivelv A^ phenomenal offering of rich, black taffeta ribbons, high luster, in widths from No. jjj^ > *
£ ,^ , .a \ T | , , " ? to No. 60, not the flimsy kind, but a ribbon which will stand out well in bows (or the -^-I^^^^r~^^^ *
a£ ClOSeS cit 1 U 0 ClOCK 10- hair, for belts, for hat trinu and for neck bows; for the two dayi about hall regular prices. I I3f^§£p'&k\ «i "^
fc; mOrrOW night. If VOU =i-inch. yard . . . . 5C 2^-inch, yard . . .JOG 3^:'nch. yard. . . .14-C S
*: have not already visited 2 " imh « yard - • • • 7^° .*&-™h, yard.. . . 12c sK-' inch > > -ard • • • • 17c fliMSSlKlH S
*° -t-j p • J , | • 4 V(-inch, yard 2uC g^^HgS* tS? .jBMW «J
g I lie emporiums Dig 4^-inch Lovisinc and Taflcla Ribbon— In stripes and figures, white only; a fj*^ Jg-^^^p^ $
\%* Pure FOOd SllOW in the revalue; on special sale Friday and Saturday, yard **T** *£
I L P othi^n y reTormS ' Suit $22. 5O\ Butter 37Kc If
I floor, do SO tO-day With- OUG HOSe 23C Hew Mixture Runabout '¦**** »m Saturday k
| More than 50 kinds of S:^uS3^-T™; L'X I^ , H I? *
| good .things, to eat and i@^|#|^i h :»£.||S |
£ C 1 C Eton suit, in neat \/{. \A BOVS' Glothmti '*
j: hree Samp eS^Ot $1. 5 O Books 5OC ™. style as SSiA Pleasing Little Garments :?
I everything. ValUabl'e Coth-bcund copyrighted books, most of, hem shown m picture. itlitsh At Pleasing littlr Prir,* I
S U;«^ rtn »,K^ +« X^ n«^ th: kind we sdl regularly Ji. 08, fl.za; Has shoulder / / / ,*UK fiedSZHg l^ltlle I^rtCCS X
* liinib Oil WlldL 10 eai alia Fuda} and Saturday on: y . ¦. -. £Sg%g^ cap-sand finished / / jf\ Waihablc Russian Blouse Svils — for *
$ how to prepare good* W&Mtf&ffiti ** UG with me t«i but- n / //\ n V v \ rl°* - yca " \ m^. of K°° d g
Z r J a • al • . nn , „;„;„„ /if f \\ madras fabrics in wash-defyinj? co- «
I foods. Among the many ?.. f bif / / \\ orin^ noth5^ p^«« «^«L a: |
* articles being demon- 'ii!?i£S?^iSSd* fn at i n rFo s / arhawk *&»* i*; " Jjm / \ \ the price. .... ..$1.50 *
i stratedandsamoledare* crttn w. ns o r- ltoBlof8ir - fe v ; un]^ d S/ J I / lil Boys- separate Dvxsian Diouses-for : ;
» OliaitUUUU oaill^lCU aiC. Tristram of Blent In Kedar*s Tent yoke skirt, y/f ft \ H (^ ages 2^ to 7 yean, Cossack style, picmr- %
J^ A Da8h tor a Throne .Qu^antl ¦ 128.50 (JW f}> I VJT «<J«e »«<* u««J*ul '. SOo "*
I Jf Pettijohn's Breakfast Qem "^« sowers seaTIdi" 86 " would be J&^-3 Boys' Odd Knee Pants — all-wool ma- %
|| American M a .t. Cocoa . U - |P|Pt "«"i^^.. \
i *" Isleton Creamery Butter Q^t Vt*th* GoMen Ar?imYBinative Man Q22 Effi English Cordvroy Knee Pants— the
I *f . i T, Glrl . w . B , The Way of E «c«P« *prmmmm*%*%0 stoutest and longest wearing pants made, -*
IJ BraunhardfS Tropical SaUCe Method? 1 o°/ lS? HeSK"' Empire New Covert Coats- Radical r diiF^nt sire, for 4 ta , 6 yean; pair.. . .750 J
i ?" . ..•«•. n Walderhur^t JanlCf Meredith from previous SfaSOnS. New thoughts Clevrrlv — —~— ¦— mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimm. wmmmmmmmmm, wmmmmmmmm, %
¦ m IipO Cniantl WineS Inlander Friend or Foe Spring 1904 MotfolS 3
* Cudahy's Rex Beef Extract D rSn na ware ° f he " Bundm"**!. world Sale Wrappers Novelties in Scotch tweeds, fancy x
S S*SW Canned Qoods . ™»» " £ "HSKf « *tZ\^™L™™£ i
t „ . „ , . _, •. come with Me to Eternal city Women's Flannelette Wrappers— . , v. .? .. T . Ub ~ "5
J Emporium Baking Powder Sec B 0 a B b /^ n n0 u K hts'of HeScr^Bi 1 .^' The » 1.25 quality, in washable col- Mcs - Individuality predominates fa g
$ Emporium Family Four u n ?ie Id T%r F ; llow In n?™ M winouSb? ors, ful front, tight-fitting back, deep tttt J «« *« c . show - AU " e %
I , , n , u- * in nC theNarne of a c.aim wl " ou « b3r . fl oun ce on skirt, lined waist; made with in O g-fi::iDg collar,, cor- %
I Long s Preserves, Jellies, etc. Th^-- Men on »«-. or BasKer- ( and Saturday onIy , L 9Qc rcct j a p e! , , nd hantJ . padd £ d shou!d . 5
J M. J. B. Coffee, in tins sena^Vw t,r Mock 98c German Flannel Kimonas -A «s, w itho ut that uphol.tered appear- \%
i* Lily Pure Sterilized Cream AdWB " 8aW " ¦ .^'STA" Pt e«y garment for morning wear, in blue, «« |
i ft J . - Forty Modern Fables Truth, by Zola p nk, red, gTay and lavender mixtures, In fane, the general run of SCltS X
J California Home Brand Pickles ' Sm^wd T Gri«^l •cSt U ll U c™n.ycn,w ' trim m ,d with contrasting .had t , of p!a-n marked $, 2 . S o will b= found 4** g% '?
J," _ . (5r.-at.pt Gift ' Mississippi Hubble ai\*y timml, to-day and iutur- , __ to be inferior tj our new sprin? JNffff "W
t£ EtC, etC., etC. Wolfville Days In the Midst of dav ontv 52JC lines at TT " *^ «
j^ Coast ot Bohemia Alarms • . .... ,Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping .Bureau (Allen's). 239 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1041 •
The Board of Health "has suddenly discovered that its
corps of food inspectors, is notoriously lax in . the per
formance-of its duties. It is 'Unfortunate that the board
did riot^ake time to inform the public -what these inspec
tors in practice are expected to' do. " They have served
thus far; as ornaments ami have not been particularly suc
cessful even" in that capacity . . T
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. COc a pound, in artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg.*
RUSSIAN FAMINE— D. L. G., City.
During the Russian famine, 1891-2, th<5
steamers Indiana. Missouri. Conemaugh
and Tynehead left the United States
with provisions contributed by Ameri
cans for the relief of the distressed. The
Conemaugh. the vessel Inquired about,
left . Philadelphia April 23. 1S92. and
landed her cargo at Riga.
Washington seems to consider the incident closed
since Russia has expressed her conviction that the com
mander of :the Yicksburg did not shock the world by
conduct that would have' outraged an Apache's sense, of
humanity. Washington is too easily satisfied. Let
Uncle Sam keep the' affair of active/ agitated moment un
til,;'the ; malignant liars who circulated the slander of
Chemulpo are 'exposed and their- motives revealed.. We
have some friends 1 we may well afford to lose.
~ TO COLOR GRASSES — Subscriber.
City. The following is given as the
process for coloring grasses and moss:
For pink, take logwood and ammonia,
boll together in water; for red. log
wood and alum; for blue, indigo, and
all other colors that* will dissolve.
ART INSTITUTE— A. S., Centervllle.
Cal. The Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art in San Francisco is open daily
from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.. and an admis
sion fee of 25 cents is charged, except
on the first Friday in each month, when
there is no charge for admission.
BATHS— A. P., City. All full baths,
except the warm, are better in the
morning or forenoon than In the af
ternoon. A fulf bath should never be
taken until three hours after a meal
and nothing should be eaten until an
hour after the bath.
TO PREVENT FLOODS'
In- a dispatch; not long enough to give a mediocre
prize-fighter an opportunity to express his preliminary
opinion of himself, we received a few days since the in
formation .that hundreds of Chinese had been drowned
in floods that swept the land. Observers took no note
of how many hundreds nor of the conditions of -this
great disaster. It depends upon/ whom you are for .the
world to care whether you live or die. .
GOVERNOR PARDEE has observed. the present
floods in the Sacramento River;. and has reached
: conclusions as to their cause. No doubt the re
clamation of large islands in the Sacramento has had the
effect of narrowing the stream, so' that V its- outflow, is
choked. This prevents the rapid escape of flood waters
into Suisun Bay, raises the level of the mid-stream :
overflows'the 4evees just-below Sacramento.''- * j, : r
One remedy, which webelieye. is 'indorsed by- engi
neers, is to draw off the : flood Waters into Yolo basin, and
discharge them below the engorgement, ,'lf '" haVVaiso
been' proposed to cut'a canal through "orieVof the large
reclamations so as to discharge floods on the south side
HOMESTEAD— RB..City. A man who
takes up a homestead under the laws
of the United States must reside upon
the land continuously and cultivate the
same for a period of five years. He can
not take up the land, rent it to some
one and live elsewhere.
"Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: I see
in your morning's paper an article
from Herbert George of the Citizens'
Alliance <tf Denver, stating that
through the efforts and work of the
Citizens* Alliance industrial peace now
reigns in Colorado. I want to say that
Mr. George's statement Is not true; that
articles in your own papers go to show
there is still industrial war in Colo
rado; that the industries of the entire
State are paralyzed. The smelter in
dustry as well as the coal Industry
and the mining industry are completely
tied up. .Thousands of men are out
of employment. Business house after
business house has been compelled to
close its doors. During the last thirty
days two of the largest supply houses
in Victor, Colo., have gone out of busi
ness and most of the small stores have
closed their doors in the Cripple Creek
district.
"This is on account of the Citizens'
Alliance being organized in that camp,
and the unions establishing their co
operative stores are doing the busi
ness of the Cripple Creek district. This
state of affairs that exists in Colorado
has been brought about to a great ex
tent by the business men following
Mr. George's tactics. I want to say to
the citizens of Calif ornia that If they
want to avoid the conditions that exist
in Colorado they want to refrain from
following Mr. George,^ as he will cer
tainly create an industrial war here
the same as they have in Colorado if
his tactics are used. Although Mr.
George says that everything is pros
perous In Colorado, I know it to be
the reverse— that the entire busi
ness of the State is paralyzed— and I
know whereof I 'speak, as I am an old
citizen of Colorado, have been In busi
ness in Colorado and am recently from
there, and' I ! would advise the citizens
of San Francisco If they "want to con
tinue in the prosperity 'that they are
now eniovinr that they r conduct their
"SAN FRANCISCO, March 3. 1904.
Takes Issue With George.
TEACHING— A Subscriber, City.
There is no. law in San Francisco that
v.'ill prevent a person from giving pri
vate lessons in grammar because such
person has not a diploma from a Stato
normal school or a university.
IMMIGRATION— Subscriber, Los Ba
nos>, Cal. The number of lmmlgTantJ
that reached -the United States during
1&03 was 895,143, of which 633.166 wer»
males and 261.9S2 females.
Anszvers to Queries.
Hudson Bay is the third largest In*
closed marine sea in the world, being
next in size to the Mediterranean Sea
and the Caribbean Sea, and a bill is
now before the Ottawa Parliament to
change its name to the Canadian Sea,
"for good political and national rea
sons, and to assert Canadian suprem
acy over the waters of the bay and
the adjoining territory."!. American
whalers from New Bedford, Mass., are
practically the only people who have
frequented the bay for the last thirty
years.
Canada's Sea.
Just as a number of prominent at
torneys were entering & restaurant a
few days 'ago they were approached
by a seedy old man, whose appearance
indicated that .-his bedraggled condi
tion was due to Indulgence in drink.
All the' attorneys spoke to him* and
quickened their "steps, -knowing
through long experience that the old
man would ask them for money,
which, if forthcoming, he invariably
spent for liquor. The old man's eyes
glistened when he saw the attorneys
trying to get away from him and a
look of shame came on his face. Then
he smiled, for one of the lawyers, one
of the oldest and most prominent in
town, stopped, turned, spoke pleas
antly and shook hands with him,
leaving a half-dollar in the shaking
palm.
"I can never/ pass the old man by."
said the attorney when he Joined his
companions. "He gave me a little
advice twenty-five years ago that
went a long way toward help
ing me along. It was just after
I had been admitted to practice, when
he was in his prime and as sober and
smart a man as could be found in a
day's journey. One day I won a par
ticularly hard case, and went with my
client into a saloon to get a drink in
celebration of the victory. The old
man, who was present in court when
the jury gave the verdict for which
I had fought so hard, saw me coming
out. He called me to one side, put
his hand on my shoulder' and in a
fatherly way said:
" 'Youngster, it's in you to win many
a verdict, but you want to keep away
from saloons.' "
Survival of the Fittest.
WITH all that has been and is being printed about
the Russo-Japanese war it is surprising how
widespread is the ignorance of the causes that
led up to the present trouble or of the beginning 1 and the
long duration of the bitter struggle between China and
Russia for the possession and control of Manchuria. ;
Dalny, for instance, is continually figuring in the war
dispatches. How man)' know the remarkable history of
Dalny; how it was built almost in a day, as it were, by
the iron will of the Russian Emperor. as part and parcel
of the present intrigue. And how many know why, after
building such a splendid seaport at the very entrance of
the broad domains he has been striving so long to ab
sorb, the Russian Emperor left Dalny absolutely unforti
fied by either naval or military forces until the first blow
had been struck by Japan.- All of this is interesting read
ing, which the Sunday Call Magazine presents in authen
tic detail next Sunday. Indeed it throws many entertain
ing side lights on the present strife.
And in view of the oft repeated prediction of the pos
sibility of the other European powers, England particu
larly, becoming involved in war, the Sunday Call pre
sents an article by the Earl of Meatb, wherein he gives
some startling facts about the deterioration of British
health and physique, and some equally, impressive com
parisons with the men and women of other nations.
Coming from one so widely known as the Earl of Meath
this article at this time has a peculiar significance.
One of the most exasperating difficulties about follow
ing the war news is the uncertainty about the correct pro
nunciation of the Chinese and Japanese, names. The
handy Japanese glossary on the new scrap-book page in
the next Sunday Call is designed particularly to help the
bewildered reader. * And by the way there are many
other : timely and unique features on that same scrap-
Then there are two full page photographs of a "Multi
ple Color Girl" and California's prize baby that are beau
tiful and pleasing examples of modern press work. In
deed the attractiveness of these two pages has never been
surpassed even in the, Sunday Call".
rutln- the. line of high-class literature there-is a splen
<lid:-array to choose" from. "First there is the second
installment of Geraldine "Bonner's intensely dramatic
California novel, .'. "To-morrow's Tangle," for the exclu
sive Western rights- of which the Sunday Call paid $1000;
a full page of "half-hour storiettes" by some, of the best
writers of fiction in America; the "Me-ows of. a' Kitty,
by Kate. Thysoii Marr; a "Fable for the Foolish," by Al
bert Britt; "A Foreign Office Romance," by A., Conan
Doyle, which also gives some of the entertaining secrets
of the diplomacy that always precedes and follows a big
war: "The Recollections and Reflections of Thomas
Fitch"; "How Literary New York Has' Captured a Cali
fornia Boy," by Sarah Comstock, etc., etc. «
. Add to this a book page that reviews the latest books
and the personality^ the writers. and it will be readily
seen what an unusual variety and wide scope the Sunday
Call Magazine presents.
SUNDAY CALL FEATURES.
man who will send 'you a comic valentine would poison
your prize dog. He is a menace to peace-loving com
munities.
A comic valentine, one of those atrocities of alleged
American humor in which the idiotically inclined among
us indulge once a year, has provoked a local divorce
suit in which the husband is the alleged offender. A
In addition to the gold and diamond
miries of Africa, iron promises to be
an important Industry, as the first blast
furnace has Just been erected near Pre
toria, on the line of the railway, and
is located in the center of iron de
posits and in proximity to coal sup
plies. The furnace, which will have
a weekly capacity of 500 tons of pis-
Iron, is to be followed by rolling mills
and a steel converting plant. The nat
ural advantages attending this enter
prise seem very great, as' in addition
to iron ore and coal there is plenty
of limestone, which Is required in th«
process of smelting, in the. neighbor
hood. The ore is of the hematite and
magnetite variety ana runs 58 to 62
per cent of metalic iron. A survey
above ground and cross-cutting indi
cate that there - -e some 62.000,000 tons
of iron in sight. There is also man
ganese ore in Africa, and if the ex
ploitation of the various mines is suc
cessful there should be important eco
nomic changes. Africa requires from
Europe and America machinery, rails,
etc., which could be constructed from
native materials if adequate manu
ufactures were developed.— Harper'*
eekly.
Iron Ore i« Africa.
For me far subtler fragrances
Than the magician morn transmutas?
And minstrelsies and melodies
From fairy lutes!
My cares — the harrying brood take flight;
My woes — they lose their galling sting;
"When I, with the hale wind of night.
Go gypsying.
— Clinton S<*>llard in Century.
For me the low solicitudes
Th« tree-tops whisper each to each;
The sUences wjiereln Intrudes
No mortal speech!
For me the freedom of the sky.
The violet castnesses that seem
Packed with a sense of mystery
And brooding dream? .
It's out. my heart, beneath the stars
Along the hill-ways dim and deep:
Let those who will. beMnd dull bars,
Commune with sleep!
The gypsy wind goes down the night (
I hear him lilt his -wander-call;
And to the old divine delight
Am I a thrall. ¦ .,.'.:
Thc Gypsy Wind.
Of all the classes of Cossacks the
most interesting are those of the Don,
whose importance is such that they
are much better paid than the ordi
nary soldier, and are, allowed much
more freedom and their towns a cer
tain degree of independence.
During the time that Southern Rus
sia was infested by the Tartar hordes
they lived as "free settlers," carrying
on a nomadic marauding warfare j
against the tribes of the great khan.
At the first they practiced celibacy and
recruited their ranks from the outlaws
of Moscow and Northern Russia. At
that time they did no agricultural work
or cattle raising. In fact, death was (
the penalty for following such pursuits, i
They depended entirely on raiding the
Tartar's flocks and herds and did not
always restrict themselves to these, but
often carried off the prettiest of the
maidens, which accounts for the slight
mixture of Tartar blood in the present
Cossacks.
Later when raiding became less
profitable they made use of the im
migrants and runaway serfs from the
north for raising agricultural pro
ducts, while they themselves lived by
aristocratic occupations such as flsh
ing. hunting and cattle breeding. So
cially they were all equal. Any one
could hold office, and at the expira
tion of his term he would cheerfully
return to the rank of ordinary Cos
sack. As the number of inhabitants
increased, however, they were gradu
ally forced to agricultural pursuits.
At first every one plowed and sowed
where he pleased, changing his loca
tion whenever the soil became ex
haustefl. Later the richer and more
enterprising began not only to culti
vate, but to appropriate large sections
of land. Out of this so many disputes
arose between the rich and the poor
that at last the commune, which still
held to the old ideas of equality, con
fiscated all the land and inaugurated
a system of distribution which, with
some slight changes, is still used.
The liberties of self government
which they formerly possessed have
been gradually curtailed, and some of
the offices have become hereditary,
but etill they enjoy many democratic
privileges which the Czar dare not
take away from them, for they are
his strongest military force. When in
active service for the Government they
receive much larger wages than the
ordinary Russian Cossack- A colonel
with whom we traveled for some
lime received 3000 rubles ($1500) a
year.
My first personal acquaintance with
the Cossacks of the Don was at Teil
ingr, in Manchuria, where the colonef
of the Cossack regiment, stationed
along the southern section of the
Chinese Eastern Railroad, had his
headquarters. The little settlement of
bngineers and Cossacks is located two
miles outside of the Chinese city of
Teiliiig, and consists of several long
one storied brick houses with straw
.Ihatched roofs, arranged around a
central court. Near by are . the bar
racks where the Cossacks and their
t inilies live. The stables are adjoin
ing and too near the living rooms to
suit ¦ me, but as the Cossack and his
horse are one it probably does not
disturb him.
There was a general bakery, where
we were able to buy some large round
loaves of black bread to help out our
Chinese diet as we proceeded on our
way across Manchuria. At the gen
eral store, which provided, for the Cos
sacks and engineers, you could buy
California canned fruits, Crimean
wine, American beer and cigarettes,
while a small stand near by retailed
"quass," a beer used by the Russian
peisant«.
In front of the Cossack barracks
there were several primitive devices
for amusement. The principal one
was a high pole surmounted by a
Email wheel, to which a number of
ropes were attached so that the boys
and others could swing round and
rotlbd. There were also several rope
swings scattered around . the grounds
for the children. These two features
were, to be seen in every Cossack
settlement. In one place, in addition
to these, there was a merry-go-Vound.
consisting of four chairs fastened on
the ends of two long scantlings . and
raised a few feet above the ground. ,
Most of the stations were also sup-
The interest now centering in Man
churia brings the Cossacks into promi
nence and makes a short history of
the development of this class of sol
diers specially interesting. The term
Cossack as now used signifies any Rus
sian sent into a new section of coun
try to settle as an emergency guard
ready for action in case of trouble. He
is expected to have a horse, a gun and
a blanket always at hand, ready for
an immediate start.
Cossacks of the Don.
BT FP.EDEniCK BEXXETT WRIGHT.
(Aatoclate Editor "Record* of the Past."
Washington, u. c.)
(CopyTlKhl, 190*. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
The Kuss'.an army is composed of
two principal elements, the ordinary
soldier, recruited from the peasants,
and the Cossacks of the Don. The
larger part of the soldiers guarding
the Chinese Eastern Railroad in Man
churia belong to the Cossacks of the
Don, who form a very interesting and
exceedingly effectiv.e army. Before the
completion of the Chinese Eastern Rail
road I had the pleasure of coming In
close contact with these Cossacks,
sleeping with them, eating black bread
with them, and talking with them in
broken language, illustrated by ges
tures.
business themselves instead of listen
ing: to Mr. George.
"W. H. LEONARD.
"Formerly in the coal business in Colo
rado."
American sympathy is guided by intelligent compre
hension of American interests. All that we have ex
pected or had the right to expect was free competition
for Chinese trade. We do not propagate our commerce
with armies nor promote it with gunpowder. ; We have
no desire to forcibly monopolize international /markets.
If we gain their control it .is by the quality and. price of
our products. , Russia's policy, is different. It is offensive.
It is monopoly secured by "guile and guarded by armies.
She is using a page out of the history of Napoleonic am
bition. Give her the mastery of the five hundred millions
of people in Eastern Asia, for which she is now fighting, 1
"and she will control the world.,
- Napoleon thought lie. had achieved that control when
he issued the Berlin decree, forbidding all nations the
right to trade with Great Britain, and threatening them
with the vengeance of France if they disobeyed him. It
was a high ambition and a majestic defiance, but he
lacked the power to enforce, it. Give Russia the power
she is seeking and she can issue a decree from St." Pe
tersburg that will stop the wheels and draw the fires in
two-thirds Of' the ;mills of ( the United States,; and disuse
the labor of millions of Americans.- " : ' :: " r - v"*: ' • '
.It may be said by an optimist, "If that is "done* \ve will
defend ourselves by. war.". Yes, war with a power.. that
will control nearly half the population and two-thirds of
the natural resources of the planet; that will occupy a
• practically. invulnerable continental position, with no out
posts that- can be struck at, and with internal lines of
communication that we cannot reach. To the far-sighted
it is now apparent that it is not well fpr the world. to have
one master. If that come, even the short-sighted will be
made to understand. ....
ij Consul Miller says that our trade has disappeared.and
one looks in vain through "the markets of that city of
120,000 people for an article of American, manufacture.
Even American beer, once largely imported to that part
of China, has been crowded out. It is an agricultural
region, and formerly our farm machinery was growing'in
use. Now it is taboo, with the rest* of our manufactures.
Our primacy of the Pacific;is a vain thing if Eastern
Asia is to be v closed against us. We cannot hope for
much commerce with French Indo-China, nor the Straits
Settlements, nor farther or hither India. In all those
regions we have been preceded by European influence,
which controls everything. Our commercial hopes were
centered in China, in all of China, not as a Russian de
pendency, monopolized by the Muscovite, but as an au
tonomous empire. Now that the first point penetrated by
our commerce is closed against us by-Russia, we have a
foretaste of what will happen if the Czar is victorious
over Japan. . . - ¦
A great deal of loose talk is indulged in about our fel
lowship with Great Britain, in our Oriental policy.
There is no alliance with Great Britain nor will there be.
It is unnecessary. It suffices for us to know that"wherev
er Great Britain is, in Eastern Asia, there is an opeYi door
for trade, which is all we ask. In that respect the policy
of Russia is the exact antithesis of that of Great Britain.
Russia means the closed door, and closed* expressly
against us. For evidence of this, Manchuria and Harbin
are sufficient.
. Our access to China is natural. It is by water to her
coasts and by water up her great rivers, touching all the
possible termini of railroads on those streams. The ac
cess of Russia is artificial, by railway over a long and
costly transit. The difference yi cost, of transportation
alone gives us a natural advantage, but this is nullified
by the processes described by Consul Miller. In the day
of their construction our transcontinental railways were
the longest in the world, but they were- not used to ob
struct international trade. Russia uses -her trans-Siberian
road as an obstruction instead of a facility, and it is a
factor in working out her political ambition to become
the mistress of" the. world, through her primacy of China
and the subjugation of Korea' and Japan. 7.
We are now acting as trustee of the world's commerce
in digging the Panama canal. It was expected that it
would supply, a facility, for . our own commerce with
China, and would enhance our interest in the Pacific to
an extent justifying the cost of that great work. If we
get what we expect out of it, with Russia's Manchurian
policy applied to all Eastern Asia, we would like to know
how it is to be done.' . -^'^ Y
All of these thjngs are clearly comprehended at Wash
ington. Secretary Hay was acting in the interest of Amer
ican commerce and prosperity when he secured the as
sent of Europe to the open doo: in China, and his recent
note to secure the independence and sovereignty of China
is a necessary sequence of his open door idea. The ad
ministration at Washington is placed in a very difficult
position by Russia. The benefit of all that has happened
since 1898 hangs upon the victory of Japan. If she win,
our trade is safe, our sacrifices are justified and the Pa
nama canal is worth its cost. If she lose, we lose.
TH E "report of j M r. American Consul at the
Russian city, of Harbin, . in' Manchuria, discloses
. commercial conditions-' that are :. not^reassuring \ to
Americans. Our expectations of . trade have centered in
Manchuria and North China. The resources of Man
churia are very great, and their development implies im
portant commercial exchanges." When* we achieved bur
position in the. Pacific we had the right to assume 'that we
would have free, access to our. share of these exchanges.
But, taking advantage of the Boxer war to occupy Man
churia with a- great army, Russia has practically closed
the whole province against us. '< .
. He, was seated^ at an open window
one. day ". when an Italian vender
passed the house with a string of toy
balloons. The little fellow watched
him with a wistful eye, and his
mother, noting his interest in the toys,
asked him if . he would like one of
them. An affirmative answer sent
her hurrying to the front door to call
back the Italian.
The balloon afforded great.amuse
ment to the child for a time and made
him forget his pain. Finally he got
tired of it and became drowsy.- The
thread slipped through his finger and
the balloon shot out of the window.
Quietly he watched with wondering
eyes its UDward course, and when it
had disappeared from view he turned
to his mother and cheerfully lisped,
"It's don to Dod. mamma." He'll mind
it for me. won't he?"
His mother, pleased; that he had
taken his loss so uncomplainingly,
did not disturb his childish belief and
promised to buy him another balloon
when next the vender called around.
That night the little fellow was at
tacked, by membranous croup and
the family physician, who had been
hurriedly summoned, could hold out
no hope to the grief-stricken parents.
Just as day was- dawning. he began to
sink rapidly* and the poor mother, in
consolable in her grief, threw her
self on the bed beside him. Hearing
the half-suppressed sobs of the
mother he feebly extended his little
hand until it caressed her neck.
•'¦ "Don't cry, mamma," he chokingly
whispered. "I'm going to get my bal
loon and I'll tell Dod how kind you
and papa are."
."The frail little hand fell back on
the counterpane, one convulsive move
ment shook the poor weak frame and
the physician, accustomed though he
was to such sad parting scenes,
bowed his head and wiped his eyes
as he whispered, "He is at rest."
- Sickness, had left its stamp on his
baby face. .From infancy he had been
a patient little . sufferer from spinal
trouble- brought about by a fall from
the arms . of a careless nurse. His
parents watched 'over him with jeal
ous eyes;; and hoped against hope.
Physicians had told them that he
would never be strong or healthy, but
they sought to console themselves
with the belief that the men of
science were mistaken and that their
darling would outgrow his injury.
Their : love and hope blinded them to
the sad fact that his life was slowly
going out.
Child's Faith.
TRADE IN MANCHURIA.
In the past history, of Russia the Cos-
Backs of the Don have Played .a most
important part, and in^he present war
the; Japanese will find an army com
posed of Cossacks of , the ; Don vastly
different from any Chinese army which
they have ever faced. • * These Cossacks
were .bornf fighters// and gxew^up In , an
atmosphere impregnated with the spirit
In all our dealings with the Cossacku
of the Don we found them very kind
and sociable. .However, I presume that,
like the gypsies, in "loving and hating
their passions are ¦ strong.'.' and that
when in their company It is well to keep
on friendly terms with them. Their
history has not' been such as always
to develop the, gentler traits of char
acter, and yet one cannot but be at
tracted by them.
Cossacks had their "families with them.
However, in seme of the more perm
anent quarters many of tbetr .families*
are found.
A close inspection of the small pict
ures revealed the fact that they were
all celebrated American stage beauties
collected from packages of American :
cigarettes. In a . corner of .-the room
was the. omnipresent accordion, which
furnished all kinds of music, from the
grand national hymn .to the liveliest
kind of Jigs for their clog dances.
Every one seems to be able to play the
accordion, yet they have their recog
nized artists, who provide most of the
music. Many of their folk songs which
we heard 'were very effective, especially
as you. cannot help but enter into the
enthusiasm of the singers.
On the shores of Lake, Baikal we met
several thousand of these Cossacks on
their way to Manchuria, and just r.t
sunset a regiment of 1500 men. lined up
in front of a precipitous cliff and ren
dered their I evenlns^chant g "Although
the Iine?was'over.v260 ? yards long there
was no wavering in the time from one
end to' the other and the effect was
sublime. After the evening chant the
men divided into* general groups, the
smaller of which was gathered around
an accordion, which played for all kind
of dances. But the larger crowd gath
ered around a 'group of 'singers, who
rendered a number of folk songs, a style
of music In which the Russian nation
is exceedingly rich. * After , one group
had. sung, from twenty^inutes to half
an hour* another group' would start and
sing about the same length of time.
Few of the songs were repeated, and
most of them formed a sort of round
with a large number of verses. I have
never heard a college glee. club sing In
better unison or with as good expres
sion as did. these improvised glee clubs
formed among the soldiers. ¦ '. >
For all these services they did riot
expect fees, and in fact flatly refused
them. One of our guards even went
so far as to treat us. After such at
tentions as these we were totally un-.
prepared for the demands for fees
which the Chinese guards, whom we
had later, made on us. These latter
were absolutely useless as guards or
guides, and yet at the end of the day
calmly presented their bill as if they
had not been paid for their services
by the Government. The character of
the Chinese soldier and the Cossack
is reflected in their dress. One has
flowing robes and long fingernails,
while the other is dressed in coarse
blouse and trousers, with heavy knee
boots, and has calloused hands.
At every camp we would take out
our map and show the Cossacks where
we came from and where we were go
ing. Then we would point out the Don
River and read the names of some of
-the towns along there. This always
drew a crowd," and they would trace
the course by which they came from,
the rich valley of tfie Don to Odessa,
and from there by boat through the
Bosphorus and the Suez canal, around
India and up to Port Arthur, in Man
churia or the beautiful harbor of Vlad
ivostok. They were' certain that there
was no place in the world like the val
ley of the Don. And.it surely is one
of the most fertile, prosperous and at
tractive sections in Russia.
Some of their quarters were very in
teresting, and strongly re*friinded me
of a typical American . college boys
room, but on a cheaper scale. Chromos,
Chinese wall pictures, groups of*cigar
ette pictures, swords and guns were
profusely hung around on the walls.
Over one of the old-fashioned pictures
of a naval battle a dirty towel was
carefully draped, while in the window
were some plants. Beds and chests
filled most of the room, so that chairs
were not needed. The generally con
futed order and haphazard arrange
ment of things bespoke the "lack of
woman's nursing," for none of these
The Cossack colonel at Telling. and
chief . of the ,Manch\lrian -telegraph
lines, Mr. Ghenche, eo" arranged" things
for us that 1 we could have the Com
pany ..of two of their/guards as 'long
as we followed the line of uncomplet
ed Chinese Eastern Railroad, where
they could relay from station to sta
tion. We found these Cossacks of the
Don who' acted as our guards very
thoughtful of our wants. They would
drive ahead and pick out the best road
for our Chinese carts, which is an im
portant matter, for the roads are "ex
tremely, indefinite, varying ' in width
from six 1 feet to one-half mile. They
would also drive off the dogs, which is
no small service, and keep the beggars
at a respectful distance. At one time
we saw them in their element. A
number of Chinese bandits attacked
a baggage train Just ahead of us.
which was guarded by four Cossacks.
At first the Cossacks' horses were
stampeded by the sudden, unexpected
attack, but reinforced by our two
guards, they fixed bayonets, and by
charging the Chinese easily routed
them.
piled ..with, an; arrangement, for shoe
ing horses— 7k, process which' furnishes
the boys considerable amusement. ThV
Mongol ponies they use. here are not
trained to stand for' shoeing and bo an
elaborate of heavy, beam's
Is , needed /which very much -resembles
the old method of shoeing oxen'in this
country! The horse-, Is driven between
four upright postsv then ¦ two _broad
canvas, bands are passed under -him
go that he can be raised half off jrom
the ground, wfhile . thus .'^partially
suspended his feet are tied to the posts
and his head securely fastened, so
that he can "be shod'irvsafety.A > ' T : ;'
I The capacity of the" lower' reaches of the Sacramento
can be increased by, other means than sending its floods
into the San Joaquin. It is possible to do this by a
drainage channel cut in the main shore on the. north.
When the present flood subsiaes and the losses caused
l>y it are ascertained, the owners of the lands to be bene
fited by these corrective measures can estimate the con
tribution they can afford to make to secure safety, in" the
future. Then it will be'seen that the losses inflicted by
one flood are almost sufficient to secure permanent pro
tection, if their amount.be diverted to that purpose. ,
One thing is sure, as a matter of legal right, that pro
tective measures must be, in part at least, at the expense
of those who will be benefited by them, and not, as in the
case of a south side discharge, at the cost of those who
will be injured. The reclamations on the south side of
the San Joaquin are as important and valuable as those
that obstruct the Sacramento, and they have the great
advantage of leaving the main river as free as it always
was, thus causing no damage to any land anywhere. Un
der, such circumstances they must be considered in all
plans for throwing the more dangerous river over into
the channel of the one that is harmless".'
The present floods offer a splendid opportunity for the
study of cause and remedy. Of this engineers will, no
doubt, take advantage, and out of existing misfortune
may issue efficient-preventives, that will save '.the present
losers from further misfortune, without involving in fu
ture trouble any who are now. exempt. - -
To discharge all" the Sacramento ' floods into the San
Joa<quin will overtax it, and will have the further effect!
of shoaling its mouth with silt; to the destruction of nav
igation. It will , also doubtless injure all the large re
clamation's, on the sloughs andjthe channels of Old River
arid False \River,- on the south side. .As -these do not at
all bbstructrthe main river and' have: not the slightest
agency in , gorging - the | Sacramento, their owners have a
legalvdefense against damage incurred by correcting the
Sacramento at; their;expense. .
of. the river near' the mouth of the San Jqaquin. -This
plan is bbjected : to by the owners of reclaimed lands on
the;south side of; the San Joaquih. Those reclamations
do hot obstruct the flow »of that river, as is shown in the
present emergency. .. It is' able to carry off all the water
that has broken the levees on its north side, and not a
levee on the south side has broken!
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
INSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO 7 CALL, V FRIDAY; MARCH -4, 1004;
THE S AN ,,, MM AIs3 ; CISG:Q CALL
JOHN n. SPRECKELS, Proprietors ';.. V. "M"^TTAddrcss All Coimanicationsjto JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager,
Publication Office ....'• .".;. ...... ... <^^^^^^> • • •'• ? • • -Third and Market Streets, S. F.
Friday. . :;;; ....r..,. . . .._. ';v. '. v .*; £ .... ..... > .;< '• • • v •:• %• • -i ........ • • • • ;•.•. •> • •'• • • • • • • -V. . . . • • .'-'.march 4, 1904
8Mechanics' Institute Meeting.
: The annual meeting: of the Mechan
ics' Institute will take place tOrmor
row, night. The trustees elected at
the last annual election will be -in
stalled in office. After the meeting
the board of trustees will elect officers
to serve for the coming: year. •
ST. LOUIS, March 3.— The will of the late
William J. L>emp. the millionaire brewer, who
recently took his life, bequeaths the entire
estate, whose value is not stated, to his wife.
BELLINGHAM, Wash., March 3. —
A formal order of commitment to the
penitentiary for ten years of II. St.
John Dix was issued to-day bY Judge
Neterer. In granting the order Judge
Xeterer said that he had noticed a
statement by an expert and a commit
tee of the depositors of the bank
which the prisoner is under sentence
for wrecking purporting to show that
he is not really guilty of the crime for
which he is about to suffer. The Judge
said he would examine thg statement,
should, it be presented to him, and
take action on a petition for execu
tive clemency, as It might disclose
facts not brought out during the trial.
+-, oy
ing thirty years* residence in Nebraska,
Kansas, Colorado, Wyoming, Utah and
Idaho. Among the wild plants are
ISO grasses found in Nebraska. All
of these plants have ' been carefully
pressed, dried and labeled and are so
carefully arranged in the collection
that with the aid of a large catalogue
any particular plant may be readily
found.
One of the most beautiful memorial
library buildings in the country has
recently been finished In the Hyde
Park section of Chicago. It stands
at Lake avenue and Forty-ninth street,
with its main entrance . on Lake ave
nue. The building has been erected
by Mrs. T. B. Blackstone In memory,
of her husband, for many years presi
dent of the Chicago and Alton Railway,
the total cost being $250,000. Built
of gray Concord granite, in size 110
feet long by 60 feet wide, of Ionic
style of architecture, ' with vestibule,
columns and Interior finish of selected
statuary marble, having ornamental
solid bronze doors, and adorned with
decorative paintings which Btand for
literature, the fine arts, science and
labor, the building is literally a crea
tion of beauty. The furniture" is
wholly of mahogany and was 'specially
designed. Every convenience for the
operation of the library and for the
comfort of its patrons that refined
taste and ample means could suggest
has been provided. The book stacks
are intended to hold 30,000 volumes.
The acceptance of this- gift by the
city of Chicago as a branch library
marks the beginning of a new feature
of library administration in that city.
Thus' far Chicago has be'en content
to rely wholly, for the outlying distri
bution of books upon delivery stations.
Books are not kept at these stations.
The stations are solely for the delivery
and exchange of the volumes which
are ordered by title from the main
library. <
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
3.— On April 10 President David Starr
Jordan will take personal charge of
the marine exploration party that is
now working on the California coast
under the direction of Professor Rit
ter of the University of California.
The work of the expedition will be
to make a thorough investigation of
the sunken. canyons found along the
coast and to determine the nature of
whatever forms of life that may be
.found in them.: An especially close
study will be made of Monterey Bay,
and some considerable time will be
spent in investigating Santa Monica
Bay. The steamer being used for the
expedition is the United States Fish
Commission ship Albatross.
Dr. Jordan will be accompanied by
Professors C. H. Gilbert and H. Heat"h
of the ' zoology department and . M. H.
Spaulding, '03, a graduate student in
zoology. The work of the expedition
is expected to last until August, when
a complete report »of the work done
will be forwarded to Washington. :
by the Bakersfield public library are
a score of volumes upon musical topic3.
The selections were made by the presi
dent of the Thursday Music Club and
are primarily for use by the membeia
of that organization in their studies.
The Carnegie library building In Eu
reka is now finished, but cannot h:;
opened for use till a sufficient sum of
money is raised for the furniture and
equipment.
Nevada City, Redwood City and Hay
wards have each been favored during
the past week with gifts of $10,000 for
library buildings from Andrew Carne
gie. Nevada City is, with the excep
tion of Redding, the first mining town
in California to receive a Carnegie do
nation.
The Woman's Shakespeare Club of
Xevada City has been prompt to recog
nize this service to their city by pass
ing' appropriate resolutions and for
warding a copy of them with a tender
of their thanks to Mr. Carnegie.
The city of Lewiston, Idaho, has
placed its Carnegie library building in
a conspicuous part of the public park,
fronting on the new boulevard. Th»».
location chosen gives general satisfac
tion. The building will be of brick,
having one story and a basement to be
finished hereafter.
The city authorities of Wilbur, near
Spokane, "Waeh., were recently treated
to an agreeable surprise. Judge "E. A.
Hesseltine, one of the citizens of Wil
bur, appeared before the City Council
and offered to found a public library*
upon the conditions that the city should
provide a suitable place for the keep
ing of the books and arrange for their
proper care.
By the earnest efforts of the. women
in Astoria, Or., who have long sup
ported a free library by collecting
monthly subscriptions, the City Coun
cil has been induced to levy half a mill
tax for maintenance of the library dur
ing the next year.
Salt Lake City received an offer
more than four years ago from John
Q. Packard, a mining man possessing
large interests In Utah and California,
of a library building to be erected
within fire years, to cost not less than
$75,000. He also promised to give
a site on State street for this building,
for which site he had paid $20,000.
The sole condition of acceptance re
quired from the city was the perpet
ual maintenance of the library. Plans
are now being made for a two-story
stone structure. The library rooms
Trill be on the first floor and on the
second floor will be a hall capable of
seating 500 people.
A novel gift lately made to the
public library of Omaha, Neb., shows
the widespread and constantly in
creasing belief in general educa
tional, value of public libraries. Such
education comes not alone through
books, but in many other and diversi
fied ways.
The gift Is a herbarium containing
2200 species belonging to 800 genera
of native plants that were collected
by the donor, "William Cleburne, dur-
The free public library stands em
phatically for the use of all the people
in the community where it is located.
A wise recognition of this fact is seen
in ;he recent purchase by the Berkeley
Public Library of a collection of works
of Swedish literature for the special
use of a large number of Swedish fam
ilies residing in the southern end
of Berkeley. The books are all stan
dard works and include histories, bi
ographies, stories, travels and volumes
of fo'klore and poetry.
On the San Francisco Public Li
brary shelves are many works In the
German, French, Italian and Spanish
languages. Nearly three per cent of
the entire circulation of the library
last year was of German and French
fiction. A large portion of these,
however, was read for culture pur
poses by English-speaking persons.
The Chicago Public Library pro
vides liberally for the reading of the
different nationalities of that city. In
the German collection are 22,000 vol
umes; French, 10,000 volumes; Scan
dinavian, 5300 volumes; Bohemian.
4000 volumes, and smaller representa
tions each of Hungarian, Polish,
Spanish and Italian. It seems but sim
ple Justice that public libraries which
are supported by * general -taxation
should supply reading matter for the
use of the foreign-born citizens ¦who
late in life are unable to acquire pro
ciency in English reading.
The City Council of Los Angeles
recently passed an ordinance provid
ing for a popular vote upon the pro
posal to issue city bonds to the amount
of $250,000 for the" construction of a
new library building and to secure a
site. Acting Mayor Eowen h*n vetoed
the ordinance, submitting the state
ment that it is inexpedient at the
present time to further increase the
city indebtedness. .
Wtittier, Los Angeles County, has
lately received a circular of inquiry
concerning that place from the office
of Mr. Carnegie. Such circulars are
sent fn answer to applications for li
brary building gifts, and if the replies
by the city authorities prove satisfac
tory to Mr. Carnegie they are, as a rule,
followed by a notification of a donation
upon the usual conditions. These condi
tions, -which are rarely deviated from,
call for a pledge by the city authori
ties that a suitable site for the build-
Ing will be provided and that an an
nual maintenance will be made of 10
per cent of the amount of the gift
Mr. Carnegie's plan of giving money
to dtle* for library purposes is based
upon the idea of co-or>eratlon. If he
also furnished money for the purchase
of the site the charge might be made
that he exercised paternalism and,
consequently, that public spirit would
not be aroused. The required pledg»
of a stated minimum maintenance is
manifestly reasonable.
Book* of travel are in great and con
stant demand at the Los Angeles public
library. An addition of 500 new books,
a Iar_-:e portion being imported works,
has jtist been made to the library.
Amone the recent purchases of books
SEA CANTONS
TO BE EXPLORED
BELIEVE DIX
IS INNOCENT
BERKELEY LIBRARY BUYS
A SWEDISH COLLECTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, .FRIDAY, MARCH .4, 1904.
9
NEW AD VERTISEMENTS.
'. AFFSABI5O OLD
Acts'" aa a Bar to Profitable Earploy-
- - ment.
You cannot afford to grow old.
In these days of strenuous competition
it is necessary to maintain as long as
possible one's youthful appearance.
It is~ Impossible to do this without re-
taining a luxurious growth of hair.
The presence of dandruff indicates the
presence' of a burrowing germ which
rives and thrives on tho' roots of the hair
until it causes total baldness.
Newbro.'s Herplcide is the only known
destroyer'of this pest, and it is as effect-
ive as it Is delightful to use.
Herpicide makes an elegant hair dress-
ing as well as dandruff cure. . t
Accept no substitute — there is none.
. Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
; stamps for sample to The Herplcide Co,
Detroit, Mich.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Hsva Always Bought
Bears the /^ ySjST^Z?
Signature of Wl^^^T^ciZeJU/^i '-
PfliflfP DON'T FAIL TO
1 ¥ 1JWW «ee the - beautiful
\J - COURT ¦¦ Lounging
51 fin room, the EMPIRE
ailU; PARLOR; the
C * 1 PALM ROOM, the
urnnd louis xv par.
" * UUU . '¦ LOR, and the LA-
U i.^1 « DIES'<WRITINQ
Hotels room- v
AMTJSEH-EHTfl.
ALCAZAR mT
. f General Manser.
TO-NIGHT — Mat«. Sat. and Sun.
CharminE B S I O O
Ince^" MluU AUni *
IWIIWW BUUU'I
Jeroma K. _ « ¦*^^ Greatest
Jerome. linRDV Sncce...
Comedy. IgUUDv
Kvs? . CSc to T5c. Mats.'. Sat. tc San.. 25c to 50a
.NEXT MONDAY— The Comedy ot the Tyrol
?| WHITE HORSE TAVERN
Monday. March 14. FAKSEFAI,.
Seat Sale Next Monday— Special Prices. .
No one seated at Parsifal after S u. in.
Market Str.»et. Near Eighth.. Phone-South K3.
_, TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
The Sensational Eastern Success.
A BREAK FOR LIBERTY
Founded on the Famous Pittsburp Tragedy of
the Biddle Brothers.
A P|" The Great Robbery!
Vbia The Daring Escape from Prison*.
U3LL. The Race for Ufe with Horse and
¦—¦———> i. Sleigh!
—————— The Battle to Death in the Snow!
Magnificent Scenery! Novel Mechanical Effects!
pDlfCC Evenings 10c to 60c
rilvCd Matinees. lOe. 15c. 25c
Next Week— "RIP VAN WINKLE."
WULUfflDIA UAW8 THLAlif
FARFWFI I .THREE NIGHTS
_T/\I\I_ TT LLL. SAT. MATINEE.
DEN/MAN THOMPSON
(HIMSELF) in the great rural drama. THE
OLD HOMESTEAD
La«t Time Next Sunday Nlghtt
BEGINNING HIXT MOSTDAT.
First Time Here of THE
SILVER SLIPPER.
. LATEST MUSICAL COMEDY.
By the Authors of "Plorodora."
SSAT3 HOW B-LAPT. '
_^^^i_^
There Is something in a very funny and charm-
. - ing musical comedy.
"ROLY ROLY"
Is the bent of them in every way. J
• This is your last chance to set It and
• - rarewall Appearance of
.... . KOLB AND DILL
Hear "RAMONA" and "DORA"— Song Hits.
Matinees Saturday , and < Sunday,
s Next Mondsy nisrtit. :• '
.... ."THE ROUNDERS", ... .
• The Great New 'York Casino Success.
First appearance of "Richard F. 'Carroll and
: John - P. Kennedy. _-**•>.'•*'¦
BAJ A C A LI FORN I A
Ramiana Bitter^
IS . A GREAT .- RESTORATIVE. IN VICORA-
tur and Nervine.
¦. ; The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. '
' The Mexican Remedy for. Diseases •: oft" th«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
- N ABER. _ AUS & BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market \st-. S. F.— <Seod for Circulars.)
AMTJ?EM_ENTS. ¦/
T|\/Ai loreRA
I ¥ \JJLl HOUSE.
UXEQflVOCALLY INDORSED
by the EXT1UE PUESS"
Magnificent Jtevlva! ot Johann Stratus* Mas-
terpiece.
THE GYPSY BARON
A Romantic Opera In Thre* Act*.
FIRST APPKARANCH IX EXGtJSH OT
SIC. OOME.N'ICO RUSSO
V-.."' The Farorite Tenor
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SECt'itK dHATS IN ADVANCE*
Nost— MR. PICKWICK.
Usual Popular Prices 23c 50c and 73«
Hsx Seats Si. 00
.KELLY ANlTviOLETTE
. &.KD A GSSAT S2OV_»»
ET«r7 Afternoon aad Erealaar la tat
Heated Theater.
SEE THE INTERESTING BABIES IN THE
INFANT IXCt'BATQRS,
ANIMALS FKOM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THK MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE. -
Take a Tri3 Down the Flume.
, Admission. 10c: children. .V-.
When PheniBg. A*k for "The Chute*'*
MISCSX-tAirEOUS AUTTSEKSNTS.
HAROLD BAUER
THE CHEAT PIANIST.
Last Coacsrl To-Mcrrcw Afternoon it 3 0'CIo:«
LYRIC HALL
SEATS AT SHERMAN. CLAY A CO/8
»-'. $1 ;<i and $1.
HOMES DAVZWPOBT. Marc- 10 aad IX
COOPER- MEOIGAL COLLEGE
Ccr. Sacramento and Webster 8ts.
LA1TE ItECTURIS
FRIDAY EVENING. March 4th,
PEOr. WAX.TXS OABJRET.
Professor of Physiology.
15ab)ect. "FEUME.VTATIOX."
ADMISSIOX IS FREE.
GRAND OPENING PICNIC
— OF—
-...SHILL MOU-JB PABK-..
SUNDAY. MARCH «. 1304.' L. '
BOWLING AND SHOOTING FOR CA33
PRIZES.
Singing by Several glnetejr Societies.
L»A"S'C1NO IN TWO PAVILIONS.
ADMISSION FIFTY CENTS— LADIES FREE.
MARTINEZ HERMELINK
WILL NOT LECTURE . IN ALHAM2J.A
HALL TO-NIGHT. .
ft f j
MARKET srTgF^BSy
<_r^g IM ]_(% Ammunition. Huatins and
JaB^L 3 Sporting Good*. L-r^esc
1 a I I IVl aw*. Lowest prices. S*n»l
III HImB » fcr cataiosu*.
sL 1 ft— t 1 m o— -f .HK£Vl_ _• BAS3CR CO..
• W .^T..- *^ 733 Market «. aad 924
Ktaro/ sc
i AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA
f| THIS WEEK. EJv,
Jamra A. Herne's Beautiful Comrly. \j
SAG I
HARBOR g!
Sat. Mat —Reception to AMT HAM- t
I IAS on stage after performance. f|
SUNDAY— DAXIBL SCLLT in P
M "THE CHIEF JUSTICE." B
VALUABLE VAUDEVILLE
...NIRVANA...
And Her Statftc Horse "Loki"; Carlln
and Otto; Al. Anderson and Bill
Briggs, and Orphcum Motion Pic-
tures.
Last tunes of FTLSOX AXD ER-
ROL; Girard and Gardner; George
W. Day, and. Morris and Rowen.
Rppular Maticr^e every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c, £3c
and Me.
MATINEES ToImORBOW AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
FRANK.. BACON
In Judson C. Brusie's Comedy Drama.
TH6HILLS OF CALIFORNIA
DDlfEC Evenings...". ...'... 15c. 23c. 50c. ;.«
rOlWLJ MaUnees 15c. 23c. 50c
(MARCH 2Jst— MRS. FISKE
In MARY OF MACDALA.
Sale of Seats Begins Mooday. March 14.
Racing !^_H^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Racing Each Week Day.' Rain or Shin*.
Six or- More Races Daily. '
-¦'¦ Races 'commence at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
- For special trains stopping at the track take
g. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:3a
1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking In- last two
cars, which are reserved {or ladies and their
escorts. >ii M*Wi tf itftMfriiW'iM'i ii" »'<w
Returning' train* leave track at 4:10 aad
4:43 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President.
t PERCT W. TREAT, Secretary. „
'] DR PIERCES I '
GO LOE M
. ' ' ' ' MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
rOHTHE r-
BLOODaiVER.UJfWGS.
'" > j£' c l .V ....'.' ADVEBTISEllDEaifTS. v . ' ' " : _'_
TUE U/ll CV D Al I CM Pfl i EgBgBBaBBHHBBBBBB»BaBBaraHBBBBBBBHB_^BB^
LivaI n likaB _M O #>mmm{|^m ftt ' fr*'* _^_BnM^sS.I>*^ _^^04^_. - - .^^^JmHhf'"" ' * ' *•• ~*~ JI^t^^^ Sttl fls^H ' 21 V
nidi ridwc, c ocnsdiiun "'j| |1 .<-^^y^fftJ^raCv_ qg^jRjffi^^^ **"""""' liiMJtffT \ m. t f A. fT%WT d C I A ft i_ul /"* * v sr = r!rz~^t? a:;^~^ ' lg '^.-fn#i? _^x!^''-.^f?J^!ri^-^-l:-^M-E • il i
Many may wonder how it happens, that t %?f a^S^-S\^j^-^ T~SZ^Sm^BuSBL^^ A/^/^B tlsTlCm T"L_J PI f\% I /** (_J G9T *<m^& X&m 1
we cam sell brand-r.ew pianos at so low a k iff WZeft^BF t MS^^^^^nlmmSS^SS^BSBS^^^!% \JB H flri ill I 1^ F\ I ill 111! iJJC^^SifgBj SB^IBS^s^ W ft 5? ~& Wm O
lir- of S p J l^os e m some X of the H «k ' O R IlllO MOST "^^"' Jfjk f"| C" A I TO _T1 1 O IT T"/»»^FR(/I f~ F A Ql F INI— M\\ ''^V<ffi<f&* &~~^l{Wi B
Ban Francisco, and yet w* are offering Q 3 i3^^^^^S ! s**^^S&*Ltly «L j^r ' ' vtitittfF^ \^^^^rr~^^'I~~~' " ¦ — —_!L- !_S(I X\ 3
this most mapr.'.Scer.t piano for only B £f J& T» L*^ .-Egg *.i^3^JA fA ? p^^-^ 1 -"^^ : ~= : == : =====_^__ == -ail ig^i 1 13 B
.':. connection w.th this p.-i!e we arp Si M vSli'ijl TprDM R t -. _^J_!*^'*«?C«-^£_ l _g-.- -^t-- 1 f*%a&£*'r*. . Klre I V% 3
also closing out ?omc very valuable sec- r: Fi li'M* n * ¦ y^, i.V,r"****~' r -~ ** M f&S I J^l n
end-hand pianos— celebrated makes like ¦* H SOMt e_$^o_^ JVy H " M'^^^^^^^^^^^l^-i^ K« H
Hardman and Conover. and if piano buy- B n PlMF RABV pST B ' " n ' "l^^i ' wi'r^-^t' " 'I!
now rr.^kir.p o:1 pianos there would not H A ___ -/•M/TnT^fi QANDSw W^S^P!!' •[?--*"'*^'?t-' r: I^^W J IbIil a
nivr^V^g^t^^^u^s^wit^ 1 \AND CONCERT T^HE SALE OF PIANOS now going on in our establishment is a M^Si^&M K MSL S
the last few days, and p.-<ip!e are f«5t S S 4 # O J^ H * i§ 1 1 ¦ ' '' m^^l^-"^^^ '**$$** I Q3 D
I^S&KSffi | UPWARD .J? * most remarkable one. It is not often that a brand new 756 i^^^^^k SliimS
g octave piano can be bought for $90. We have some better ones for g xh / H"
p&r.os coin i>e bought, for instance, as . _.«« . /*+**. « '. f <****— * r J ¦' W • " ' - M_
£_ t. a ?or n Lu g t h hrirfce pi ?he°y ¦ $115, and some still better $135 and on up until we reach $265, and i FINE PARLOR ORGAN^-i"
have been sold for heretofore. But such O — , _ mi^~ ±~ -^^ • •¦* — -~- x "' • • * , ¦ Hi .. . , r\r\ VnUnil B
ihff'JiTu^^iK^iSireS 11^ ¦ •:i_ftfls? s^3w/| i^^^^ ki for tnis amount we can give you a most magnificent upright—a IWALNUT OR OAK- OCTAVES
, .... O j thpse Instruments. _| HEiv " -^zr£-' \$^\'$\\{[^\\ ¦ —^C!r=r i T__k OOl I Dl- P D Q \(\ CTADC Iff "
We havt a number of good parlor and _| ifa"-.-.--*---. w)'";^!!!. ....i.i.i ,,,.-.H ' .^--Z S n ; ann +hil+ i <_. 11-tictir 5inH f\i t\ ri 1 0*h-O-f «H_=» rhflriK-fAl* ~ Ollf Iin<=» r»f «^V»/ 1/ 1^ LL I— P\ O ""1 V_/ O UrO,© ¦
¦ lapel organs that w» are selling out for ! : ral_a^^^^^l 4WW. l Ww.K.W»lK)fH 5 PlHnO inilL IS ctril^HC dllU OI <X \\ 1_< Ii s "!< rdUv CndrdCLCr. UUl lint \J\ «T» A I tT _~l C™. \ _-* — t <•«-•• ,JSf D
nbout half th^ir regrular price, and ¦** j 'BSK? ">=^^ '¦<' itlUlA -!v i-T^" - ' \ • C5 r\ l_ L H H I ( I" VJlirJ /w P5
would call particular attf-.tlon to the S '^S»- 1 ~— ¦ — ""-^ ' !;.•'!¦' \\ "J • p^ jj i • a. l • j i «?• j_ i »*—•*—• i • UVU l»l I I 'fw Tt
!^fght°fro°A fS pl M\^aTs°* mus?" of ¦ S^ r W^M' \\V —^- = t P ianos o»ered for sale is most choice and embraces the finest makes #60. Jr S
rE^^S^Sh? 1^^ 1^ § Wr ~^^ IS/l/ffe' -^: in the world. See our large show window or inspect our wareroom S
F^^ S fs]3 y^^ ~\ or parlors. Open evenings during this sale. Your credit is good. jJSflSIS S
wareroom, ,,, parlors are op.n g\ DUC-^D TO $150, B V » * l\W,\j l \M A^__^%_%l_V* % % lk Wft\ 1 A U M B E R /g
h. j: t ur.ee that the | W'H A R D M AN " 5 200. iff ¦¦^¦^ • A J \ OF S H
ments are now' open for business. a e nd r in H. AND l J_T tf"V»T-_ C\*T *"7 IWlf CK <«-_\ ) r* -4" &-4> l " \k HI AMAP 0 B
oui building at r C!-9??. Market strr^t B vMnwL n" 'W ¦! HUH IIP' 1 /W "¦ <\ A* V^»rt**Vv4J' » PIA._NO C % Jf fl
b obtk^ed anrthing in the mu 8 lc H RAKER V Ov/1 *_J \ WX B. liXICs V y_> %, • *ap ,n J&<1 **
™»-_?-s^^OAKIiANP BACETBACK — THURSDAY, March 3.— Weather fine. Track goodJ
0230. FIRST RACE-rSix and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up;- to first. $323.
Index I Horse and Owner. ; Wt St. %..%. %. Str.Firi. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
.^eiCO Adirondack 4 (Shannon) .... 104 1 ... 2h 3n 2n 11] J Martin.. 9-2 8-2
.61t>0 Past Master, 4 (H Green).".. 97 4 ... 7 2&6 n 6 VS 2 n Sherwood .. T 10
P170 Assessment. 6 (A. Neal) .108 6 ... 8 n 8 2 V fin 3;%' Burton 0 «
601)0 Nidge. Voorhles. 4 (Murray Co.) Ill 3,... 3 12 1*41 \<, 4 % Bee .... 2 11-5
'.... Nellie Bawn. 5 (McCabe) 103 5 ... 15 1 «i 3 1 5 2 Roach . 6-2 0
-5870 Theodora E. 4 (P E Smith). . 100 8 ... 9 3 » 3 8 3 • 6 h W. Daly... 30 100
6110 Lou Clieveden, a (McDowell): 1103 1 ... 4 h 5 37 17 2 Travers ... 8 9
0103 Mesto 4 (Ft. Wilson). ....... .|102 7 ... 61^42 4 V4 8 3 J. T. Shehn 20 >30
r.71S j.Ioe John 4 (P. G. Lane). .. . 106 10 . . . 6n 7-^94 l> 4 Krowen ... 50 100
C170 jMordenta. 4 (Nichols & Co.)|lOOJ 9 ... 10 10 . 10 . 10 |Knapp 30 30
Time — :24V4. :40>,4, 1:17, 1:24. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2U4. Adirondack, place, 8-5;
-show; 7-10. Master, place. 4: show, 2. Assessment, show. 4-5. Winner, b. g. by Alta
max-DuckllnK. Trained by . W. C. Vlyell. Start •. good. . Won handily. Next three
driving. Winner well ridden. Past Master closed well. Judge Voorhiea "dogged" it.
Nellie- Bawn quit. ' Theodora ¦ I. ran away two miles after the finish.. • . .
6231. SECOND RACB— Seven- furlonga; Celling; 3-year-olds;, value to first. ?325.
Index • Horse and Owner. j Wt St. % . %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. 'Op. Cl.
6139 Laocoon (Mn. J. Coffey). 104 "4 .3'1%3 1%2:% 2 2 11% Knapp ..;. 4 8
6138 Dungannon (Knebelkamp Co.) 97 .Bin 1 1%1 1V51 n 2 2 Roach ..... 2 11-10
C158 Jack Little- (W. P. Fine) lOi'l 2 h 6 4 1«4 4 3 2% J. Martin., -8 9
6470 The Bugaboo (Bpplnger) 107 2 6 41343^45 J. Jones...: 4 11-2
6433 Technique (Clifford & Co.)... 95 3 4 n 2 % 5 5 5 Sherwood .. 6 30
6158 Chapel (W. E. Cotton)....'... 09 Left ... ..,• ... .y. Travers ... 5-2 7-2
Time— :25. :50, 1:10%, 1:30. At post 1% minutes. Oft at 2:40^. Laocoon, place, 8-5;
i-how. 3-5. Dungannon,-. place. 1-2; show, 1-4. Little, show, 4-5. Winner, br. c. by
Pontiac-Luella B. Trained by J Coffey. Start good for all but Chapel. Won in a drive
• of three. There were extremely large doings In the Dunsannon camp, but the filly did
not live up to expectations. Winner received a vigorous ride. The Bugaboo was short.
Chapel bolted atuhe start to-day. • ' ' -
<;2, # H2. THIRD RACE— Six arid a half furlongs; gelling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Indfjc "~ Horse and OwnerT" Wt St. M .» %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
695S David S. 6 (W. L Stanfleld) 110 6 4 h 1 Vi 2 % 2 n 1 V, J. T. Shehn 7-2 13-B
»!21O Young Morello, a "(Scharetg). 108 3 8 % 5 % 5 n 3 n 2 »4 Haack 6 7
6210 Mont. Peeress, 5 (Mrs. Coffey) 103 1 2-M> 2 % 1 n ah 3 1»£ W. Daly... 9-5 13-5
«170 |Gold Finder, a (T.Fitzgerald) 105 5 6 lVs" 5 fi *h 4 4 Crosswalte 6 9
«2Cfi ISeaforth. a (W. A. Redmond). l(Xi 4 5 1^4 13^5254 J. Jones.... 20 100
6182 iBlackthorn 5 (C. P Fink)... 100 2 -1 h' 3 n 4 H 64 fi5 J. Daly..... 6 9-2
Cl'OR |Vlgoroso. 4 (Appleby & Co.). 97 8 ft B % 7 5-7-10 7 20 Sherwood .. 10 12
S.~»C3 |Gray Dally, a (J. W. Painter) 100 7 7 8 8 8 Vandrbout 30, 100
Time— :24' / 4. :49»4. ,1:16V4. 1:23*4. At post 4 U, minutes. Off at 3:0«. David, place, 6-5;
show ¦ 3-5 Morello place 5-2- show. G-5. Peeress, show. 1-2. Winner, b. k. by Mid
lothian- Talluda.' Trained by W. L. ' Stan field. Scratched — Nilgar. Bogus Bill. . Start
cood. AVon in a' drive of four. David S in the poor going part of the way; was much
the best. Haack on Young Morello did well. Peeress quit. Gold Finder ran a fair race.
Seaforth ehowed plenty of speed. Blackthorn was heavily played and quit. Vigoroso
was deliclously handled.
G2U3. FOURTH RACE— One mile and 50 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index! ¦ Horse and Owner. IWttSt. 34 . • %.; %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(ClS4)iPat Morrissey, a (Wellman).. 107 1 4 4 1 4 12 1 1V41 2 Holbrook .. 9-2 21-5
6112. Expedient, a (P.. E. Smith)... 104 3.7 ? 6 1^8 8 4 \i 2 ns |J S Martin.. 0-2 6
«)209)tPrince Blazes r (Balrd & Co.) 107 4 1^22 2 2>42 n 3 h |J. T. Shehn 8 IS
(0197) Mr. Dingle 4 (E ' Tierney). . . .|105| 7 6 3 4 >4 4 % 3 3 4 5 Travers ... 3-2 9-5
(0172) Glissando, a.(O. P. Romlgh). .|107| 5 2 V, 3 n 3 h 5 M 5 n- Reed 1 9
6197 lOutburst. a- (J. J. McAlester)|lll| « 3 h 5 4 5 2 63 6 7 See 6 7
6209 'Chickadee. 5 (McCafferty). . .|102| 2 5 «j 7 7 7 7 |Bonner ,...| 6 9
Time — :25Vi. :Sl>J 1:17%. 1:44H. 1:47^4. At post 4 minutes. Off at 3:35. Morrissey,
place, 8-5; show. 4-5 Expedient, 'place, 2; show, 1. Blazes, show. J>-2. Winner, b. g.
by Lord Clifden-Tenrile B. .Trained by G. Wentworth. Start good. 'Won easily. Next
, three driving. • Pat had nothing to beat to-day. Martin on Expedient laid as far out of
it as he could without tying up at the half-mile pole. Prince Blazes the runner up.
Hurrah for. the old boy! Mr.DInglfi not at home to callers. Don't condemn him for this
tace; though. He will do. better. The frightful pace made Gli*sando dizzy.
6234. FIFTH RACE-^Five furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. V t . *4- %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
6195 Pickaway. a (A. J. Jackson).. ilMI 4 ... lh 1 lVji 2 13 ! Sherwood .. 4 6
5546 IXonie. 6 (Garden City Stable)l 97| 2 ... 3 % 3 1^2 n 2 h W. Daly... 6 8
(6174) Quiz II 6 (C. McCafferty).... 109 1 1 ... « *i « \ R «i 3 >i Bonner .... 4 9
(620(!)iAllce Carey 4 (H. E. Rowell) 102 9 ... 8 5 7 % 4 1 4 h iTravers ... 3 9-2
C1S4 iPure Dale 4 (Thomas & R.). 107 3 ... 5 5 4 2 5 Vi 5 n . I J. T. Shehn 6 8
61S4 Dr. Sherman. C (M. L. White)!10»! 6 ... 4 14 5 4 7 5 6 H U- Daly...: 10 10
6174 Amasa. a (M. M. Rowley).'.. 1104 1 5 ... 2 »i 2 % 3 % 7 5 |C. Smith... '}. 3 11-5
P20S Impromptu, a (Painter). ..... J1O3J 7 ... 7%84 82 86 tBuxton 20 30
5946 Florinel II, a (H. \V. Hoag). . |100j 8 ... 9 9 9 9 JBozeman .. 15 40
Time — :24, :50. 1:03. At post 3 minutes. Off at 4:01. Pickaway. place. 6-2; show. 6-5.
Nonie, place. :>; show. S-5. Quiz. show. 2. Winner, ch, g. by Piccolo-Marcella. Trained
:, by A. J. Jackson. Scratched— Waterpower. Start' good. Won easily. Next five In a
Phard drive. Winner fooled her stable and others. Nonie did her best. So did Quiz.
Alice Carey late. Pure Dale ran a calm, cool, collected sort of race. Amasa did
not have on smooth plates to-day, but Smith unthinkingly picked out the bad going.
. Florinel lacked speed. y
6233. SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtSt.<}«. H- ?*• Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(6162) Handpress a (Magrane) :...:. 110 2 ... 3 1%2 n 2n 1 2 J. Daly 8-5 5-2
(6100) Modder.' 6 (Buckholtz & P.).. : 97 4 ... 2 h 3 2^-3,34 2 »4 Travers ... • 5 7-2
6206 Fair L. Anna. 4 (McCafferty) 102 3 ... 1 *i 1 1 h 3 2H Bonner .:.. 2 3
(KJtO Yellowstone. 5 (W. P. Fine) 110 5 ... 5 5 4 4 5 14-% McHannon 15 20
&&O.1 Mountebank, a (Keating Co.) 104 1 ... 42 5643 5 2>i J. Martin. . 4 18-5
(608S) Boutonnlere. 4 (F. Jones) 99 6 ... 6 6 6 0 Sherwood .. 6 12
Time — rSlsi. :40 1:15U- At post Vi minute. Off at 4:23^4. Handpress, place. 4-5; nhow,
1-3 Modder place, 7-5; show, 3-5. Anna, show v 1-3. "Winner, b. h. by Hanover-Po
mona. Trained by W. P. Magrane. Scratched— Cousin- Carrie. Start good. Won easily.
Second driving. Third stopping. Handpresfl probably best. Modder was well ridden
and ran a nice race. Fair Lady -Anna tired. . Mountebank was ready to run across the
street. Boutonnlere was not . even threatened with speed.
: -Frank i Maguire, • who was convicted
by , a jury' in 'Judge Cook's court on
Monday, on a' charge - of grand* larceny,
was sentenced, yesterday to" serve ; fly e
year's .in San Quentin. '¦'¦- He and
federate drove to the • sub-£tation_of th>
postoffice at^Eighteenth .and, Dolores
streets /on December .19, 1902,: L and\by f a
trick /succeeded '• in stealing 'a -bag 'con
taining $51 50 and some postage stamps.
Maguire Is Sentenced. -^
1 Two suits for damages were , filed
yesterday • against" the United Rail
'rbads, one by,- Charles E. Jones and
the other ;by Margaret Costello.' Jone3
sues, for $5000 damages for injuries
received son!. Rhode Island street, and
Miss'-* Costello,.' asks for damages , for
injuries 1 received , on Twenty-fourth
street. -.r In both instances careless
rie'ss, of rthe railroad employes is = al-
leged. . ; : '. •, : .. . ¦ •
Seek; Damages for Injuries.
' Christian Holtum of the firm of Hol
tum Bros., wine merchants, 551 Market
street, secured a . warrant from Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the ar
rest , of Harry Ryan on a charge of
forgery- It is alleged that Ryan on
February. 14 cashed a check at Hol
tum's store for $15 on- the Donohoe-
Kelly, Banking Company, bearing the
signature of G. E. Manning. 'which is
declared ,to be a forgery. - . -
Forgery Is Alleged.
Local Architects Interested in the
Proposed Plans for the Beauti
fying of the City.
On Monday, February 1. the San
Francisco Chapter, American Institute
of Architects, celebrated its twenty
second anniversary by an Informal
dinner, attended by a large number of
the profession.
Among the several matters of im
portance discussed was that of the
adornment of the city, and the at
tention of the chapter was called to
the recent meeting of citizens to dis
cuss the same subject. The chapter
thereupon requested that the matter
should be taken up by their com
mittee on municipal art. which has
addressed the following communica
tion to the citizens* committee:
The Improvement of San Francisco, to which
you have apclled ycAirself. Is a matter In which
of necessity all citizens of this city should b«
deeply Interested. . There 1», however, a large
number to whom a movement of thla kind ap
peals with a special force: they are the people
whose vocations, whether artistic or practical,
have led them to see the possibilities of thrt
city along the lines of municipal adornment.
By reason of their familiarity with the es
thetic possibilities of San Francisco, gained
through their profession, the architects of thla
city- are Ju3tly entitled to occupy a prominent
place in the development of this matter. .
Therefore the San Francisco Chapter, A.« I.
A., having the interests of this city at heart,
would be pleased to co-operate with your hon
orable committee in attaining the desired ends,
feeling that. ' by united action, we can achieve
better results than by the sporadic acts of nu
merous independent bodies — acting along simi
lar lines. , . . v
We can no more fittingly close than by quot
insr Dr. David Starr Jordan, who brings the en
tire-matter home In the following beautiful
language: , "The Callfornian loves his State.
because his State loves. hUn. and he returns her
love with a fierce affection that men of other
regions are alow to understand."
The Supreme Court " decided yester
day that H. C. Head was elected Dis :
trict Attorney of Orange County iir
November, 1902. E... T. Langley/ an
other j candidate, .was - only a , few votes
behindyhis rival and; instituted; a.^con-*
test: in .- the, belief jUhat, .the ; judges ; of
election had erred.' The Superior. Court,
decided - in : favor of Head, and,that t de-'
cision is affirmed by tne higher trib
unal. ! ;."". v \ .¦' ; ./ '•:'¦"/*.• ?*.''?*'*>' .
Head Is Entitled to Office:
The new Commissioner is a member
of all the societies:- which have thus
combined. to do him honor. They in
clude' the' Unitarian .Club, Technical
Society of the Pacific Coast, Common
.wealth .Club,.. Merchants* Association,
.Mechanics', Institute,, Academy;; of
Sciences, University, of California, Ger
man General Benevolent Society, San
Francisco * Art Association "and Native
Sons of .the Golden West. .
City Engineer C. E. Grunsky will be
the guest of a number of local socie
ties Tuesday evening, March 15, at a
banquet given in celebration of his re
cent appointment as Panama Canal
Commissioner.' The feast will be spread
at "the Palace, Hotel. Former Mayor
Phelan is chairman' of the committee
of arrangements and L. M. King is sec
retary. •• i^'.V'.*"- ,'
Prominent Organizations of California
Combine to Entertain Panama
C&nn I .Commissioner.
WILL GIVE A BANQUET
IX HONOR OF GRUXSKY
Divorces were. granted yesterday to
Emma C. McHugh from. Samuel A.
McHugh for cruelty, T. G. Niclin from
Julia May Xiclinfor desertion, Pearl
Isom from Daniel' Isom for conviction
of felony, Ruth Delaney from* Peter
Delaney for desertion, and Lillie Gray
from John Gray for cruelty. Suits
for divorce were filed by Julia Mui>
phy against Edward Murphy for de
sertion,; Anna M." C. McNeil - against
A. McNeil for neglect and de
sertion, Rosale Richstein against J;. J.
Richstein for cruelty, William Reh
quate against Lizzie Rehquate for de
sertion, and Sarah. J. Farquer against
W. .F. Farquer for cruelty.
In the Divorce Court.
WOULD CO-OPERATE WITH
CITIZENS' COMMITTEE
First race — Young Pepper, Ocyrohe,
Salto.
Second . race — Gloomy Oai, Lisrht of
Say. Steel Wire.
. Third race— Flaneur, Constellator, De
coy.
Fourth raoe — The Fretter, Mr. Far
nmu, Cloche d'Or.
i Fifth' race— Sad Sam, Soufriere, Sti
licho.
'- Sixth race — Marlin, Keynote, Ulloa.
PEOBABLE WINNERS.
The Berkeley High School and Oak
land High School basketball teams
will meet to-night in the Toung Men's
Christian Association gymnasium in
this city in the semi final round of
the Academic Athletic League cham
pionship. The winner will play Poly
technic High School for the cham
pionship. Segal and Bayley axe the
best playera on the Berkeley team,
while Oakland has Hook, Umphred
and Hunt on. its team.
nigh School Boys at Basketball.
The names of associate members of the Cali
fornia Promotion . Committee are printed In
"For California." the monthly publication of
the committee. The prospects for a membership
of 1000- members are most encouraging. .The
following are recent additions to the list of
associate members of the California Promotion
Committee: French &. Lin forth, B. : F. Mur
phy. • H. V. Grueningen. Pacific - Commercial
Company. Day & McCllnton. Barnhart & Swa
sey, ,W. F. Cornell & Co., California Optical
Company. E. T. Bowen. Milton Bradley Com
pany. Britton & Rey, Adams & Barry, F. J.
Cooper and Boardman Bros. Company.
m
Francisco "and to prominent men in
other parts of the State a pamphlet
referring to the work that it is con
ducting and with this a letter which
is in part as follows:
We especially call your attention to the clos
ing sentence In the accompanying pamphlet —
"Co-operation is what, the board has always
labored to promote, and this ta the plan that
brings the best results." You will readily un
derstswid that this body cannot accomplish the
results it aims at without the active support
of the parties in San Francisco and elsewhere
who are to derive a large part of the benefit.
Each merchant has no doubt, from time to
time, received' Inquiry from parties east of the
Rocky Mountains who are looking forward to
or seeking homes In thl* State. If you will
kindly remember the California State Board
of Trnde when these Inquiries come to you
and will send the names of the parties here
information will be forwarded to them free
of charge, and they will be afforded every op
portunity for learning of the State. This Is
the kind of work which we desire of this
community. It Is a moral support and an in
fluence which, in connection with your finan
cial assistance',' 1 gives vitality to this work.
The California Promotion Commit
tee is striving to increase its mem
bership and has issued a circular let
ter in which the fololwing statements
are included:
The committee has established its work upon
a very thorough basts. ¦ and in order to give
that careful attention to everybody and every
enterprise* interested in California which has
characterized the committee from the first an
Increase In funds Is necessary.
The California State Board of Trade
has sent to the merchants of San
State Board of Trade and the Pro
: motion Committee Seek Co-Opera
tion of Citizens.
DESIRE AID TO BUILD UP
CALIFORNIA'S INTERESTS
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS. March 3.— Crescent City
results: - . . .'- ; ; :¦¦'
First race, one - mile and seventy yards —
Electric won Port .Warden second. Scotch
Thistle third. Time, '1:46 4-5. .
Second race, one mile.'- selling — John won.
Dr. Carriok second. Governor - Boyd third.
Time. 1:42. ¦ ¦ -.. ' ' . . «¦
Third race, one mile — Illuminate won. He
glra eecond. Lady Mistake third. Time,
1:42 4-5.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy, yards,
eellirig — Meintersinger won, Burning Glass
second Icicle third. Time. 1:45 3-5. .; r
Fifth race, one mile and fifty yards— The
Guardsman won. Jake Weber second, Prodigal
Son third. Time. 1 :4« 2-5.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — New Mown
Hay won. Maritana second, St. Caro third.
Time. 1:14 3-5.
Hoboed In a Saloon.
. J«hn Vjea, a visitor from the Sacra
mento Valley,' met Violet Carter, a
'' Y\aitress in a dance hall on Pacific
. et-reet, early yesterday morning and
s'he took him to a saloon- at 643 Wash
ington street. While in a rear room
Viea drank a glass of beer and became
partly unconscious. The girl opened
his vest and when he felt her abstract
ing his purse, which contained $140, he
shook off the drowsy feeling and fol
'•lowed her into the barroom, where he
alleges he saw her give the purse to
Joseph Stevens, the bartender. He de
- manded the purse from Stevens, who
etruck him in the face and threw him
•put. Viea whistled for assistance and
Policeman Mills appeared and arrested
the girl for grand larceny and vag
rancy. Stevens was also arrested and
booked on the same charge.
Racing at Hot Springs.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., March 3.— Essex Park
results: . • •
First race tslx furlongs — Cohasset won. Vol
to second. Bob Curt third. , Time. 1:15.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Planet
won. Stub second. Tom Crab third. Time,
1:10^.
Third race, six fnrlor.es — Benton icon, Laura
Hunter second. Amora J third. Time, 1:16.
Fourth race, half a mile, Bath House pun<e —
Hadrian won. Charlie's Aunt second, Tom
Shelly third. Time. :60',i:
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — S'ortone
won. John E. Owens second. Dusky Secret
third. Time. 1:14>4. . . . .... .
Sixth race, . one . and a sixteenth miles — Flora
Bright won. Louisville second, Kingstelle third.
Time, l-.ia 1^. - --
Xejrlects His Cliildren.
A warrant was sworn out before Po
• lice Judge Mogan yesterday for. the
"arre5t of Thomas Newman, proprietor
of a sailors" boarding-house at 76 Jack-
Bbn street, on a charge of failure to
provide for his two children, a girl
. 10 years of age and a boy 7. The girl
was- discovered on Wednesday night in
,a high fever by Secretary White of
the .California Society for the Preven
tion" of Cruelty to Children. The moth
er was intoxicated and the father had
been in that condition several days.
The girl w as sent to the City and Coun
ty Hospital, the boy was cared for and
the mother arrested till she could sober
up. She was charged yesterday with
cruelty Jo a minor child.
Bay City Club Bouts.
The two Jack O'Briens meet to-night
In the main event of the boxing show
offered by.the^Bay City Athletic r Club
at Mechanics' Pavilion Annex. One of
the O'Briens hails from North Beach,
while the other is from the Belmont
Club, south of Market street. .Harry
Tenny, the amateur feather-weight
champion, meets Manuel Torres in the
special event. The balance of the card
is as follows: Frank Smith vs. Arthur
Oliver, Young McClure vs. Carl Win
ters, James Leary vs. George Cole and
Dell vs. William Brannon.
Work of Chinatown Squad.
* "Sergeant Christiansen filed his report
with Chief Wittman yesterday, show
ing the work done by his squad in
Chinatown for last month, which tho
Chief considered very satisfactory in
view of the fact that an injunction has
been in force since January 26, pre
venting the squad entering suspected
• gambling houses unless armed with a
proper warrant or in search of a felon.
' The total arrests for the month were
143, and of the number (seventeen wen»
convicted and paid their fines, fifteen
were convicted and jailed, eighty-seven
were dismissed and twenty-four are
pending in the police courts. The total
fines and forfeitures amounted to $95.
Both Men Training Hard.
OAKLAND. " March 3.— "Cyclone"
Kelly and Billy Woods, who will box
before the Sequoia Athletic Club next
Tuesday evening, are training hard for
the bout. Both men are confident - of
coming. off victorious. The. club has
arranged two good preliminaries.
Tcaly Raymond Goes South.
Tealey Raymond. 'infield utility man
of the Los Angeles Baseball Club; left
here yesterday to Join; the team; at Los
Angeles. •• . . " ¦ . . ., .
Burke Is Convicted.
The case of Frank ; Burke, charged
with an attempt to commit burglary,
\*as tried before a Jury in Judge Cook's
. court yesterday and a verdict of guilty
was returned. Burke will be sentenced
on March 12. On the night of Decem
ber € Burke was arrested while trying
to break open the dourv , of. f" David
Baker's saloon at 602 Sixth street with
ao iron bar
COFFEV VILLE.-i Kan«., March 3.— The Re
publicans of , t li«,-.Third ¦ Kantaa .District to-day
rftinroimiuil ¦ « '-cnei f-f-nna n ,1\. H. : Camubi-I I . and
adopted resolution* ¦ irdorsinc President Roose-
The first round of the ninety-six
dog open stake will be run to-morrow
and the stake will be completed on
Sunday. %he draw last night result
ed as follows:.
Don Pedro vs. Medley; Tralee Lass vs Van
Nora: Cluster vs. Rajr;?ed Actor; Gunfire vs.
Topsy Turvey; Mollle Me vs. Frisky Boy; Roy
Hughle vs. All Green; Spotless Beauty vs. Doc
Burns; Frank Dunn vs. Honest John; Queen's
Motto vs. Prometheus; Tellowtall vs. Sllevena
mon;.Sofala vs. Viking; Van Alba vs. Silver
Cloud; Northern Alarm vs. Northern Lad; Jtga
maroo vs. Fairy Bell; Maid of the Glen vs.
Little * Lucy; Frisky Barbara vs. Glancing
Pasha : Glaucus vs. Heredlne: Pepper Hill. vs.
False Alar.m: Black .Coon vs. Reckless Acrobat-
Loretta vs. Walter G; Hera vs. Luxury; Manru
vs. Mark Twain; Sylvester vs. Jlmmle An
thony; Gold Chain vs. Golden Light: Lily
.Wright -vs. White Stockings: Texas Hoo Hoo
vs. J E H; Siren vs. Bella Lloyd; Master Clalr
vs. Jerry WrlRht; Summer Girl vs. Bonnie
Pasha: Icellus vs. Tom Hurlick: Red Rock vs.
KoMa' Wells; Bob R vs Una; Colored Lady vs.
Aurella; Oulda vs. Homer Boy; Princess Savoy
vs. Little Mercy; YounK Johnny Rex vs. Pasha
Pleasant; Lord Granard vs. Clover Blossom;
Orslna vs. Joe Pasha; Silver Heels vs. Beauty
Gold; Mountain Poet vs. Gold • Lily; Gold
Spring, vs. Haddington; Texas Betty, vs. . Young
Fearless; Balendine vs. lone Hill; Lady Menlo
vs. Helen Hayes; Fiddler vs. Terra Cotta; In
truder vs. -Firm Fellow; Lulu Girl vs. Lily
York; Mountain Light vs. Equator.
The management of Ingleside
Coursing Park has decided to resume
coursing on two days in each week
instead of running but one day, as has
been done recently.
Xinety-slx Well Matched Greyhounds
, Are .Entered for This Week's
' Open Stake.
WILL COURSE TWO DAYS
AT IXGLESIDE PARK
6210 'Marelio (Qulnlan) ...".101
614S Decoy (Miller)....... 108
Fourth, race — One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and up; selling.
«1«V? t'loche. d'Or (Conrad) 0*
6-2.V, Expedient (Smith) 1<W
61'ttt 'ElmerL (Klunder) 01
6197 Mr. Farnum (McCafferty) "7
62.10 "Nellie Bawn (McCabe) 8*
6175 *Fllle d'Or (Kenyon) 'JH
.6175 'The Fretter (O'Rourke) .103
Fifth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up: handicap.
«19S Soufriere (Dayton) 93
(!20S Olympian (Schorr) ....103
<611fi)Rad Sam (Green) 114
€017 Stillcho (Jennings) 100
6127 The Don (Rowell) ,05
Sixth race — One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and up: selling.,
6230 Joe John (Lane) 107"
«15O Sam Lazarus Esq. (Stoer) 10*5
, ra:W) Theodora • L (Smith) !>7
R150 Keynote (Kyle) - . Ktt
6150 »Ulloa (Judire) f. 09
5731 *Marlln (Bender) 07
J(450t)Goldone (Coffey) .101)
•Apprentice allowance.
JLos Angeles Index 60S2.
22t> yards — James Rose, Boone's Academy;
Clarence Cunha. Boone"» Academy; W. E. C.
BonlHeld, P. II- S.: Charles H. Benton. Lick.
£S<» yards — James Rose. Boone'a Academy;
Daniel Volkmann, Boone's Academy; H. H. J.
McKenzie. P. H. S.; Donald Day, Lick; M.
Bean, Lowell.
10O yards — Clarence Cunha. Roone's Acad
emy; W. K. C. Bonlfleld. P. H. S. ; Chartea
Fay, Wilmerdlng;: Charles H. Bentoa, Lick;
Bertram Bell. Cogswell's.
¦140 yards — D. Volkmann, Boone's Academy;
J. Johnson. Wtlmerdlns; John Cnllnon, P. H.
ft; Mead Cornell. Lick; Lowell Kingbaum. L.
H. S.
The students of the various high
schools will gather in the Olympic
Club in numbers to-night to witness
the annual swimming races for the
championship of the Academic Ath
letic League. The Polytechnic trio,
E. C. Bonifleld, John Callnon and
Harry McKenzie. ¦ who train at the
Young Men's Christian Association,
are expected to show to advantage.
The entries follow:
Academic Athletic League Students
Will Compete To-Xight in the
Olympic Club Tank.
HIGH SCHOOL SWOLMERS '''¦>
IX CHAMPIOXSHIP RACES
The first race. for the Dickey cup will
probably not take place before th^
Fourth of July in order to give the
yachtsmen a chance to lean;, the lake.
. At the meeting the championship
pennant for 1903 was awarded to Wil
liam Roeckner's scow schooner An
nie. The Annie had the largest win
nings for the year and is therefore en
titled to the flag of supremacy.
Eleven new models are being built
and with those already built this year
the fleet will greatly outnumber that
of last year. The new boats are all
fast and the one that wins the 1904
pennant wilPcertainly be a crack boat.
Next week the official measurer will
commence measuring the boats of the
club and hereafter all official races will
be held under time allowance tables
and rules.
At a meeting held during the week
the principal topic of discussion was
the over-all length of the boats. Last
year the largest models measured sev
enty inches over all, while this year
three have already been built measur
ing eighty Inches. The question raised
is whether the latter are eligible to
race. The matter of determining an
official over-all limit length was put In
the hands of a committee composed of
L. S. Adams, J. D. Daisley and E. P.
Leslie.
The San Francisco Model Yacht Club
will formally open the racing season
on the new Spreckels Lake in Golden
Gate Park in a few weeks. In the
meantime the small craft will have
practice races every Sunday. In this
way the owners will become accus
tomed to the new lake and will be bet
ter able to handle the boats.
of the Over- All Length of
'&??¦$ Their Craft.
Are Deeply Involved In the Question
JIODEIi YACHT CLUB MEN
USE BOATS IX PRACTICE
' The Twenty-eighth Infantry has ar
: ranged a fine programme of field
sports for to-day, weather permitting.
The grounds are only in fair shape,
i'-'and if the weather is at all stormy,
• tin* games will be declared off.
The following officers will act as of
"ficiaJs. for the sports: Referee, Cap-
Ifcain J. J. O'Connell: judges. Captains
H. A. Barber, W. J. Lutz and J: A.
Lynch; timers. Captains H. B. Fiske,
E. .G. Ovenshine and Lieutenant S. A.
Price; recorder, Lieutenant R. H. Lea
vitt: starter, Peter Vredenburgh.
." Lieutenant Townsend Whelen, Fif
teenth Infantry, stationed at Ord bar
racks, -Monterey, and Surgeon Joseph
B. Ferguson registered at headquar
ters yesterday.
The transport due here the latter
tart of next week has aboard 615 en
listed men of the Eleventh Infantry,
413'Philippine scouts, 273 casuals, 48
sick and 4 insane.
t Captain P. Hegardt, Royal Swedish
general staff, from Stockholm, paid
an. official call on General MacArthur
• yesterday.
- Trie following programme of music
will be played this afternoon at 3
o'clock at Fort Mason by the Thir
. fe€nth Infantry band of Angel Island:
PJlarth. "The Grotto" <F\ilton»: «verture,
•Franz Schubert" <Suppe); characteristic,
•"Flap Dance" <TobanI); selection from "A
Mldsuir.ir.er Night's Dream" (Mendelssohn) :
• • cems from "'Johnny Comes Marching Home,"
by request (Edwards).
If Permits, Twenty- Eighth
Infantry Will Display Agility
*• " * > in Athletics.
WILL HOLD MONTHLY FIELD
SPORTS AT THE PRESIDIO
\ in? quarters.
! In the afternoon Jimmy put on the
gloves with Landers and the pair went
at it lively for four rounds. When
the last punch was delivered Britt ap
pea.red as frisky as at the commence
tir.er.t and surprised those who wit
nessed the bout with his easy breath
'ing. Jimmy realizes he must be at hi?
brst ivhen he puts up his arms in front
of Young Oirbett. and for that reason
,he has kept up light work since his
la_?t fight at Colma.
. Britt retires about 9 o'clock and pre
vious to turning in for the night takes
a gtroll to clear his pipes until morn
. ink- "Spider" Kelly and Frank Ra
fael have not registered at Croll's. but
. are due at any time nnw. When Kelly
* arrives he will supervise all of Britt's
work.
'Jimmy Britt settled down to hard
• .work yesterday at Croll's Gardens in
Aiameda, where he is to prepare him
*"kelf for his battle with Young Corbett.
Jimmy was up bright and early and,
.wkh Fred Landers, went en the road
"in "the morning for a ten-mile spin.
. Upoa returning he donned his gymna-
Eiuin attire and walloped the bag and
*arl:used himself with trying the other
. ." niuscle developing devices at his train-
Reds— Paul Clagstone, Captain Chap
lin, Walter McCreery and W. S. Ho
bart.
Whites— Neil Haig, Peter Martin, R.
M. Tobin and C. Raoul-Duval.
F. J. Carolan, F. J. Mackey and
Charles Garland also played earlier in
the game.
There will be two matches on Sunday
afternoon on C. W. Clark's field at San
Mateo, In which all the best players
now here will participate.
F. J. Carolan had < a narrow escape
from injury in a practice game of polo
on his Crossways Farm field yesterday
afternoon. While riding at a fast gal
lop his pony, fell, and in struggling to
regain his feet rolled over and over sev
eral times, and it seemed impossible
that the rider could escape without a
serious hurt. He did, however, and
only sustained a few bruises, which he
treated lightly.
The match was won. by the reds, di
rected by Walter S. Hobart, who played
a brilliant game throughout. The score
was 3 to 2 in their favor. The victory
was all the more notable from the fact
that the opposing whites were cap
tained by Neil Halg, who is a tower
of strength to any. team. There were
several changes of sides, but in the de
ciding contest the players were lined up
as follows: >
The officials will be: Referee, E. J.
Brown; timers. Professor George C. Ed
wards, Walter E. Magee, J. W. Rhodes;
Judges at finish, E. R. Abadie, R. A.
Hackley; judges of weights. Al Plaw,
Roy Woolsey; inspectors, Fred John
ston, Jacob Neighbor; measurers, Stan
ley Symmes, Roy Hackley; starter,
Anthony Cadogan; clerk of course. W.
A. Powell; assistant clerk, C. A. New
hall.
Mile relay: Sophomores (six to be chosen) —
Waite. Thomas. Lynch. BufTord, Prtmo. La
aater. Jones. Bingham. Einstein. Halloran Al
len. McClymonds, QuiUlam, Jewell. Freshmen
not yet chosen.
Broad Jump: Sophomores — Elliot. Boynton,
Chaplain. Posey. Lasater. Freshmen — Kern.
Curran. Sweezey.
Hammer throw: Sophomore3— Boynton. El
liot. Freshmen — Zarharals. Graves, Sperry.
Shot put: Sophomores— Nishkian. O'Connell.
Elliot, Gilmore. Freshmen — Zacharals. Sperry
and Boeckman.
High jump: Sophomores — Adams. Hlckey,
Gllmore. Barker, Whitman, Boynton, Gordon,
Freshmen — Gabriel, Zopb, Steves, Graves, Par*
ker. Sperry.
Pole vault: Sophomores — Case. Freshmen—
Sperry, Schultz.
Two-mile run: Sophomores — Wheeler. La
Grange, Boyle. Backus. Robertson. Griffith.
Kennedy, Moody. Freshmen — Stewart, Olsen.
Head. Rued. Lowell. Joy, Clifford.
Mile run: Sophomores — Griffith, Eackus,
Wheeler, Mors*. Howe. Robinson, Boyle, Luce,
Kennedy. Robertson, Moody. Freshmen — Head.
Rued. Telchert, t>arllnr, Craly. Curran. Stew
art. Clifford, Fletcher.
220- yard dash: Sophomores^ — Bingham,
Frickey. Gordon. Einstein. Prtmo. Jone», La-
Rater, Jewell. Thomas, Quilliam. Freshmen —
Zacnarais, Wilcox. Lippman, Boeckman. Whit
more. Callahan, Davis. Rankin. Gabriel.
Hushes. BUkemore. Van Zant. Hartley,
Lo«-her. Nottage, Whitman. Stanton, Corbett.
440-yard dash: Sophomores — Buftord.
Prlmo, Critea, Irwin. Shore. Lasater. Jones.
Waite. Jewell. Freshmen — Boeckman. Whlt
more, Button, Kern. Foster. Allen, Whitman,
Hartley. Locher, Nottage, Harmon.
120-yard hurdle: SoDhomores— Frei, Lynch.
Chaplin. Freshmen — Hume, Zoph.
220-yard hurdle: Sophomores — Fref, How«,
Lynch. Char>lln. Freshmen — Hume. Sp«rry.
8MO-yard <" ur » : Sophomores — Allen Griffith.
Poaey, Stewart. Walte, Wroth. Halloran.
Morse. Freshmen — Pryan. Sinshelmer. Dar
ling. Button. Craic, Foster, Wilcox. Fletcher.
Francis. .
100- yard dash: SopTiomores — Friekey. Gor
don. Crltes, Lasater, Blngham, Jewell. Riddel,
Kohnke, McClymond*. Freshmen — Stanton.
Whltmore, Button, Wilcox, Uppman, Sia
sMemer, Boeckman. Hughes, Callahan, Da.vi*.
Rankin, Gabriel. Blakemore, Van Zant. Simp
son.
BERKELEY, March 3.— The entries
for the freshman-sophomore field day
at the Berkeley oval on Saturday were
announced to-day at the University of
California. The freshman list is the
largest that has ever pigged for the
initial trials of the year. W. E. Sperry
has been elected captain of the fresh
man entrants. The list of entries Is as
follows:
•'lie Takes Kindly to His Ex
•. -erase and Finds Pleasure
in the Routine of the Day
More Freshmen Will Com
pete Than Ever Before
Appeared at These Trials
Leads His Team to Victory,
Although Opposing Four
Makes Light of Accident
Sixth race, six forlongs, selling — J. V. Kirby.
120 (J. Boland). 7 to 10. won; Maresa, 115
(Lawrence). 8 to 1, se«ond; Sir Christopher,
125 (Prior). 4 to 1. third. Time, 1:15%: Skir
mish, Rosebud and Rio Chico alno ran.
Fourth race, one mile, the Oxnard handicap
— Waswift. 124 <Hildebrand>. 1 to 2, won; Co
lumbia Girl. 85 <J. Lewis). 6 to 1, second;
W«rte .Xicht. 105 (Jackson), IS to 5, third.
Time. I:o9« 4 . Greenock also ran.
Fifth race. Slauson course, selling— Xanon.
105 (Hildebrand), 4 to 5, won; Dolly Weithoff,
103 (Lawrence). 6 to 1, second; Walter. 114
(Mountain). 5 to 2. third. Time. 1:11V*. Neko. :
Jose Donlcn. Jime Gore II, Toto Gratiot and
Andrattus also ran. •£';
Third race six rurlcngs, selling — Katherine
Ennis, 10K (Hildebrand) 9 to 5, won; Chief
Alcha 107 (Feicht). 10 to 1. second; Mac
Flecknoe. 110 (X. Lewis). 4 to 1, third. Time.
U1SH- Roltaire. Maude M, Hiram S, Chemist
and Eldred. also ran.
Firet race, six furlongs, purse — Revolt, 110
(Mountain). 5 to 2. won; Magic Flute, 10.1
< Feicht). 3 to 1, second: Maude Brown. 103
(Lawrence), 30 to 1, third. Time. 1:15»«.
Belledama, Damisella. Caroburn. Inn6broulck,
Ismad. " Moonstone, Evermore. Mabel -Claire,
Lady Rice, Carlisle and B»ssle Welfly also ran.
Second race, one and an eighth miles, selling
— Iras. 103 (Redfern). 9 to 10. won; Durbar. 00
(J. Lewis). 12 to 1. second: Turtle. 95 (Feicbt).
30- to 1. third. Time. 1:55. Dupont, The La
daean and Autumn Time also ran.
Katherine Ennis, at 9 to 5, took the
third event by half a dozen lengths.
Chief Aloha was second and Mac Fleck
noe third. Eldred was made favorite at
8 to 5, but ran a poor race.
Nation was backed at 4 to 5 to win
the fifth number, and came home a
length ah'ead of Dolly Weithoff, with
the heavily backed second choice,. Walt
er, third.
J. V. Kirby was plunged on to win
the last race, at six furlongs, and his
price went down from 4 to 5 to 3 to 5
under the attacks of the talent. Kirby
won handily from Maresa, with Sir
Christopher third.
Weather fine, track fast.
V- SU3I3IAKY.
LOS ANGELES, March 3.— Perfect
weather, a crowd of 4000, it being ladies'
day, and a dozen books to handle the
money of the betting public epitomizes
the conditions at Ascot Park to-day. It
does not tell what the public did to the
layers of odds. Five favorites and a ft
to 5 second choice were first to the wire,
and there were Ions lines behind the
books after each race. It was one of
the most successful days of the meet
ing for those who play according to
form.
There were a "number of nose finishes,
the most sensational of which was in
the fourth race, for the Oxnard handi
cap, for three-year-olds and upward, at
one mile. Waswift was a firm favorite,
opening at 7 to 10 and going to the post
at 1 to 2. Large sums were wagered on
his chances, notwithstanding he carried
124 pounds. Columbia Girl forced him
to stretch his neck all the way down
the last quarter, and 1:39*4 was hung
up when Waswift poked his nose in
front of the wire. Warte Xicht, upon
whose chances much money was laid,
was a poor third.
Revolt started the ball rolling for the
favorites in the first race, winning from
Magic Flute by a nose, with Maude
Brown third. The race was made iip of
fourteen ordinary platers.
Iras, ridden by Redfern, stood a
bruising finish in the second and got
up in time to beat Durbar a neck in the
mile and an eighth selling race.' Turtle
was third. The winner was 9 to 10 in
the betting. A goodly amount of money
went in on Dupont, but he failed to
show any speed at any stage of the
race.
Iras, bidden by Eedfern. Gets
Up in Time to Beat Durbar
a Xecfc in the Second Race
HOBAIST PLAYS WELL
First race — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; selling: • •-.
61.18 Silicate (Jennings) ...103
. «135 •fllesca (Boesecke) OS
ofibl 'Miss May Bowdish (Blasingame)... . 98
..... Rose W (Edgewooti Farm). ......;. ..103
6211 'Dusty Miller (Sheridan) ....103
6062 Hogarth (Carmody) 105
BIOS "Young Pepper (Rourke)... :;.... 100
'6151 »Ocyrohe (Coffey)... ........103
. .MTi* '/U nonia n (Martin) ' 105
.615? *Emll (Williams):-.:. ....103;
54SU Cotatt (Napier). ..» .103
.... •rialto (Fountain) .". '. :.'. .100
- 5SM Forest Fire (McCabe) ..... .V. . .103
fiOtS Orso (Fitzgerald) 105
(5168) Wiggins (McAllister & Co.) .... . . . . ...103
Second race—^Three and a half furlongs; two-:
year-olds: Belling: ¦ . ¦
' 5835 'Calculate (Blaslngame). . . . .......... OS
6183 Gloomy Gun • (Burns: & Waterhousc). .104
?G159 Escobosa (Stewart & Co.). .......... 100
(«207)*Light ' cf Day (Coffey) ... v . .......... 99
61S3 'Steel . Wire (Stover) ..... V .09
.... Anita Knight- (Stratt)..v. ............ :iO4'
'. '. Kismet-Queen Nubia.' '• ..-¦•¦
'Third race— Seven furlongs; - four-year-olds
and up; Helling: . • .•> ¦ '
•6136 •Constellator (Keating).. . .....;lu5:
6222 *Watklns Overton (Knebelkamp). .. .. . 05'
'. 6C0« 'BenlaBh ( Jeuness) ; . . ..............;. n$
lUm Rock < Jone*)... ;.".:;... v. . ¦...'•.¦; 10»t'
; 621 0 Flyer. (Ryan) "... '. ..'.'......... .".'. ...'.. 1>K1 1
• 6100 •Siesen vine (Stoer) .... .... .*.'. ".,.....•: ." OS •
Flaneur • (McCafferty). . . : ; . .V. , . . ;V. .",110
Ike Hackelburg, the well-known
New York bookmaker, left for home
yesterday, .
George E. Smith (Pittsburg i Phil)
departed for Hot Springs -on yester
day's overland train.
; The four-mile Thornton stake will
be reopened to-day for. additional en
tries. ' '.'/. '.-¦.' •"
Out of fifteen foals at Napa stock
farm to date, eleven are colts.
. ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY. '
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
The latter mare Reached the head of
the stretch first, but tired under Willie
Daly, finishing third. David S proved
to be much the best, for he was ridden
in the deep going part of the way and
then downed Young Morello half a
length. Blackthorn, a heavily backed
one, flattered his admirers by display
ing speed early in the race and then
faded away.
Some were unkind to refer to the
mile and fifty-yard selling fixture won
by Pat Morrissey as a boat race. Mr.
Dingle opened favorite for the race at
3 to 2. but for some reason the odds
lengthened to 9 to 5 despite a steady
public play. He was ridden by Dr.
Rowell's apprentice Travers. and his
effort was certainly a ridiculous one.
Travers received instructions" to take
the center of the track, thereby avoid
ing the heavy going on the rail. In
stead he went out of his way to grab
the rail position for some inexplicable
reason and was not placed at the finish.
There was a heavy play on Pat Mor
rissey just 'before post time. Holbro-ok
rode him with vim and energy, was
allowed to shape out his own pace and
practically won from' start to finish.
Among the late arrivals was Jack Mar
tin, astride Expedient, who brought his
mount up. in time .to' dispose of old
Prince Blazes a nose for the place..
PICIvAWAY SCOUES. . •
As Pickaway had been off in his
feed the stable didn't think the sprint
er good enough to win the five furlong
scramble, and from 4 his odds went
to 6 to 7. Amasa, wearing a new set
of plates, was played down to 11 to 5
favoritism and collected nothing. At
the start Sherwood Jumped away in
the lead with Pickaway and was never
headed. Nonie ran second, a head
before Quiz. Second into the stretch,
Amasa registered back among the
"also rans." .',.'
Most of the real smart money went
into the books on Handpress to. win
the final six furlong spin, and the little
fellow- came home. "He ¦went to' the
post favorite and gradually ' wearing,
down Fair Lady Anna, led Modder out
two lengths. Mountebank couldn't
scare up a respectable gallop.
David S, which has played a hand, in
a little of everything connected with
the racing game, captured the second
six and a half furlong run, backed
from ?> l /2 to 1 to 13 to 5, equal favorite
with Montana Peeress.
DAVID S ! IS BEST.
Chapel, with Travers in the saddle,
which was backed back from 2Va to 3Vi.
desired to take no part in the proceed
ings, obligingly bolting at the start and
obtaining a return check.
It could not be called an espcepially
brilliant session for the favorites, as
but two succeeded in reaching the
home goal first. The track was slow
and cuppy. The books profited well by
the bowling over of Judge Voorhles,
Dungannon, . Montana Peeress, Mr.
Dingle and Amasa.
On paper Judge Voorhies lpoked far
and away the best of the ten start
ers in the first event, for which rea
son - he was- installed favorite. Well
ridden by See, the Judge once showed
first in the stretch, but could not stana
the pressure, and ran unplaced. The
cuppy going seemed to suit Adirondack
to a nicety, and at 5 to 1 the Shannon
entry, ridden by Jack Martin, beat
Past Master out half a length. Bux
ton finished third on Assessment. Nel
lie Bawn died away after leading into
the stretch.
Among the many offerings harpooned
from the pickle jar and thrust '-upon, an
unsuspecting public at Oakland* yester
day Dungannon exceeded. them' ail for"
flavor and tartness. ': ; /,- ". . ,-
The fact that the previous time out
the filly was beaten twenty, lengths or
some sudh trivial matter by the winner
of the race did not in the ¦ least disconr
cert the ally's admirers. 'She : was one
of half a dozen starters In the second
event on the card, and it' certainly
looked a mellow spot to drop down a
ripe one.
The coin arrived on the ground
bright and early, and from 2 to 1 the
odds were swiped to 11 to 10. Unfortu
nately good things will crawl, and Dun
gannon finished second. Jerry Roach
took her out in front and she behaved
most becomingly until well straightened
for the wire. Then "Big Bill" Knapp
on Jimmy Coffey's Laocoon happened
to drop along, and after an extended
drive beat the favorite out more than
a length.
CHAPEL IS A BOLTEU.
•PROVES IN GOOD FORM
ENTRY LIST IS LARGE
FIVE FAVORITES LAND
F. J. ' Carolairs Pony Goes
Down Heavily, but Rider
Gamely Makes Light of It
Beats Columbia Girl and
Warte Xicht in the Fastest
Time of the Ascot Meeting
First Important Field Day of
the Year Will Be Held on
Berkeley Oval on Saturday
Goes Ten 3Iiles on the Road
in the Morning and Boxes
• Four Uouiids in Afternoon
Pat Morrissey - Ta kes
a Race Quite y
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
BRITT STARTS
TRAINING WORK
POLOIST FALLS
ON THE FIELD
WASWIFT TAKES
THE OXNARD
ATHLETES MEET
ON THE PATH
DUNGANNON IS BEATEN BY LAOCOON,
CAUSING HER FRIENDS DIRE DISTRESS
RACING, POLO, BOXING, COU RSING, SWIMMING AND OTHER SPORTS
THE SAN FRANGISGO^CALU FRIDAY, MARCH 4,, 1904;
10Now that the Santa. Fe , has made a
cheap rate to the St. Louis World's Fair
everybody wishes" to 'go that way. They
say that the trains do notjar or rack the
nerves; the trainmen are polite and
help women and children, and in every
way it is comfortable. And the cheap
rate is good on the finest trains. If in
terested, ask about it at 641 Market
street. San Francisco. Moral: The Santa
Fe Is the Comfortable Way. •
The Comfortable Way.
Feld he then gave up the pistol, and
upon the arrival of the police he wa3
arrested.
Upon cross-examination he again re
lated his version erf the affair and con
tradicted himself on several important
points. He denied all of the testimony
of eyewitnesses to the shooting and
explained that the cartridges fell in
the gutter as he pulled out his hand
kerchief. The allegation that he struck
his wife with the iron" bar after the
shooting also came in for a denial.
Sol Blum, stenographer In Police
Court 3: J. Bouse, a mechanical engi
neer; Sergeant Blank and Patrolman
Neil Riordan were also examined for
the defense. The case will be contin
ued this morning at 10 o'clock.
Wright Too Sick to Manage Estate.
Nellie A. Darling' and Frank ' E.
Wright, respectively a son and daugh
ter of M." J. Wright, formerly Sur
veyor General of the State of Califor
nia; applied yesterday for letters of
guardianship over the person and es
tate of their father. They claim that
since October of last year hfb father,
because of illness, has not been in a
condition to manage his affairs.
Marsiglio Vanni was released yes
terday by United States Court Com
missioner Heacock on $2500.. bonds.
His associates, Giuseppi Carossi and
Francisco Visciglio, are, being held in
custody of the United States Marshal.
March 10 was fixed as the date for
the preliminary examination on the
charge of having v been in possession
of a steel die. containing the impres
sion of an American dollar. „ ;^l .•'",'^;vA
Andreas Winkleman pleaded guilty
,in the United States District Court
yesterday to an indictment charging
him with having been found in pos
session of 150 counterfeit half dol
lars. He was ordered to appear next
Saturday for sentence.
Federal Criminal Xotcs.
Hon. M. F. Tarpey of the Democratic
party is in the city. It is common gos
sip in the political camps that he is the
duly authorized leader of the Hearst
organization on the Pacific Coast.
WHERE IS BARNEY MURPHY?
Democrats are expressing surprise
that a meeting of the State Central
Committee of the party has not been
called. Again, there are many inquiries
as to the whereabouts of Barney Mur
phy. Two weeks ago The Call ascer
tained that he was at Portland, Or.,,
and published the intelligence for the
benefit of readers interested in Demo
cratic politics. Since then Mr. Murphy
has taken to the woods. There are va
rious rumors concerning his plans and
preferences. One rumor is to the effect
that he is touring the coast in the in
terest of Hearst for President, and an
other story is to the effect that he is
rounding up delegates in support of
Phelan for Vice President. His attitude
is as much of a mystery as Bard's letter
to Bulla.
tation has been reached. The Fresno
Kepublican asserts that Senator Bard
is entirely willing to be a candidate, but
his dellnltion of what constitutes a
candidate differs somewhat from that
often given in practical politics. The
Republican further says ¦ of Senator
Bard:
He would appreciate the honor of a re
election, but only on terms which make it an
honor. His fri#nd» should not be ashamed
or afraid to work for him on those terms. If
Senator Bard will not initiate an active per
sonal candidacy It is because he docs not
consider the office hla personal possession nor
a candidacy his personal privilege. The selec
tion of a Senator la the right of the people
and the Legislature of California. I>-t those
who realize that the sentiment of the people
Is for Senator Hard, and who are In position
to give form and expression to that senti
ment, do themselves the honor of taking ad
vantage of this opportunity.
Somebody must take the Initiative in bring
ing any man's name before the people. The
Republican hereby takes that initiative and
invites ttiose^who are In favor of the election
of Thomas" It. Bard to ?uer<srd himself, as
United States Senator to declare themselves.
Those who favor any other candidate have the
equal and unquestioned right so to 'declare
themselves. But It is time the lines were
beginning to be drawn.
Letters of a similar character were
written by Senator Bard to N. Black
stock of Ventura, Elwood Cooper of
Santa Barbara and Dr. Chester Rowell
of Fresno. In Ventura County the re
ply was construed to mean that the
Senator was not a candidate for a sec
ond term. In Los Angeles no interpre-
Robert N. Bulla. of Los Angeles -aa
early as November 23, 1903, wrote to
United States Senator Thomas R. Bard
with a view of getting definite informa
tion as to whether the latter was a can
didate for re-election to . the Senate.
Evidently Mr. Bulla intimated to Sen
ator Bard that a great rush to get into
the camp of a passive candidate could
not be expected. The politicians re
mark that Mr. Bulla hoped to receive a
message from Washington to this ef
fect: "I am in the fight for re-election
with both feet. Line up the boys." The
reply which was transmitted differed
materially from the foregoing. Senator
Bard wrote: \ "I have said to Mr. Ox
nard in reply to his inquiry that I shall
not be offended in the least if he or any
other friends should announce their
candidacy for. the honor. I do not chal
lenge any one to a contest, nor will I
offer myself for re-election. I do not
anticipate what, the Legislature may
do. I will not myself do anything to
influence any of its members to support
me. I have no promises to make, or
other inducements, for any personal ef
forts that may be made In my behalf,
but, as I have said,. I will accept the
nomination by the Republican caucus if
made and will qualify if elected."
WHITES OTHER LETTERS.
On November 2 he telephoned to his
wife, and told her he was coming out
after supper to see the baby. He did
not have a policeman's club or iron
bar in hir- possession. Upon arriving
at the house he went to the back door
and knocked. His wife told him to
'go to the front door. He found the
front door open and Mrs. Dirking was
standing near the pcrlor door, calling
to his wife to bring the baby. Upon
seeing him she was much excited and
.said, "There is the murderer. ' Some
what bewildered, he turned and saw
Fritz Dirking advancing with a large
bread knife in his hand, who exclaimed,
"I'll fix you if you are a policeman."
Fritz made a lunge at Iiim with the
knife and Feld grabbed his wrist, at
the same time trying to pull him out-
Bide so as to be able to get away.
Mrs. Dirking th,en came up and tried
to hit him with the iron bar and young
Dirk!ns approached with a pistol. Mrs.
Dirking struck at him and hit her hus
band on the head. Stunned by the
blow. Dirking fell forward and grabb-^d
Feld around the waist, at the same
tinie taking Feld's pistol out of a hip
pocket. Feld then pulled the revolver
away with both hands and the weapon
was discharged accidentally. Feld then
stepped back ten steps and Dirking
followed with the knife, so the defend
ant told him to- stand back, as he had
something quicker than. a knife. Feld
Bays he then went back to the house
and his wife accused him of shooting
her father, which he denied, as he was
unaware that the bullet had struck
anything. Upon the solicitation of Mrs.
Herbert Choyonski, an attorney, was
the first witness for the defense. *"He
told of having advised Feld that he
could see his child, but that arrange
ments should be left to him. Upon
cross-examination Byingfon asked if he
advised his client to take an Iron bar
and pistol along when he went to see
his child or tcr kick in the door of the
Dirking house.
After Mrs. Fred McGlade of 903 Lar
kin street had been placed on the stand
to contradict the testimony of Attor
ney Hayes, Attorney Alford placed the
defendant on the stand. After several
preliminary questions he denied that
he had made any threats against the
Dirkinga to Mrs. Taylor, but admitted
showing her the cartridges "in a josh."
Attorney Hayes' testimo-ny was also de
nied by Feld. In substance his testi
mony relative to the shooting was as
follows:
Mrs. Sarah Taylor of 2420 Geary
street said that she had known Feld
for raore than tivo years, and that on
May' 1. l?03. he told her that he was
going oat that evening after duty to kill
the whole Dirking family. He also
showed her a purse filled with cart't Jges.
Mrs. Dora Quarles of 2538 Geary
street stated that she had known i!:e
defendant for four years, and that he
resided in her house with his wife for
"two weeks last August. That on Sep
tember 3, 1903, when Mrs. Feld, Mrs.
Shea and herself were present, Feld
said "that before he would pay his wife
a cent he would kill her and the whole
family." Mr?. Gertrude Shea of 265
O'Farrell street corroborated the testi
mony of the preceding witness.
William J. Hayes, attorney for Mrs.
Feld in her divorce suit, testified that
en the afternoon of November 2 he
called to see Feld at his mother's house,
i>03 Larkin street, to serve an order to
pay counsel fees and alimony pending
the hearing of the divorce trial. As the
witness was about to depart Feld called
him and said, "I am going out to see
that child to-night, and if I don't there
will be a rough house. If her mother
objects I'll hit her a clout in the eye,
too." •
District Attorney Byington here of
fered to show by Mrs. Quarles and
Mrs. Dirking that Feld had abused
his wife, but Judge Dunne sustained
the objection made by Attorney Alford.
The prosecution rested. Attorney Al
ford made his opening statement, and
an adjournment was taken until 2
o'clock.
•jimmy" in Mrs. Feld's room after the
Fhooiinjr aud the discovery of a hantful
of cartridges in the gutter 1n front of
the house. Sergeant Blank described
the cartridges as of thirty-two caliber
and such as used in the gun carried by
Feld.
Dr. L. D. Bacigalupi was the first wit
ness called by the prosecution and tes
tified to an autopsy performed by him
on the body of Dirking and the cause
of death. He was followed by Officer
Edward Stanton, who told of arresting
Feld ar.d subsequently taking him to
£t. Luke's Hospital.
• Walter M. Kelly, a son-in-law of Mrs.
Dirking, gave an account of finding the
Before the noon adjournment Attor
ney Alford made the opening statement
for the defense and furnished the only
genuine Furrrise of the day — in his
declaration that the defense would en
deavor to prove that Dirking came to
his death as the result of the acci
dental discharge of Feld's pistol during
a scuffle over its possession.
Feld was plactd on the stand as the
last witness of the day and narrated
his version of the events of the night
of the tragedy. His testimony bore out
the statement made by his counsel
earlier In the day. Upon cross-exam
ination District Attorney Byingtcm
tangled Feld in many of the material
portions of his testimony, and accord
ing to the defendant the majority of
the witnesses for the prosecution com
mitted perjury.
From the raj>id progress made in the
trial of Joseph FeKi, charged with the
murder of his father-in-law, Fritz
1 tirking, it is anticipated that the de
fendant will know his fate before the
dawn at another day. The prosecution
closed its case shortly before noon yes
terday after jila-elng before the jury
rruch damaging testimony relative to
threats against the Dirking family
made l>j- F<?ld for months prior to the
homicide.
Leader of Hearst Forces in
City — Inquiry Touching
Whereabouts of B. Murphy
Anticipated That Defendant
Will Know His Fate Before
the Dawn of Another Day
DENIES INTENT TO KILL
John W. Aiker. alleged to be an
opium fiend and looking the part, was
before Judge Mogan on a charge of
burglary committed aboard the river
steamer Constance on the night of Feb
ruary 22, while she was en route from
Bouldin Island to this city.
The defendant was employed as a
pantryman on the steamer, and the tes
timony went to show that on the night
in question he forced an entrance to
the room occupied by Steward John
Wainwright and was rummaging
around in the darkness, when that offi
cer awoke and demanded an "explana
tion.
"I came in to borrow a quarter," said
Aiker; "have you get one to spare?"
"Get out!" was Wainwright's reply,
and the pantryman withdrew.
Two hours later a young lady pas
senger who occupied a cabin was
awakened by a rough hand fumbling
about her pillow, and she shouted,
"What's that?" A rumbling voice
commanded h:r to be quiet, and with
true feminine perversity she screamed
as loudly as she could. The intruder
fled, but a glimpse of him was caught
by the steward, who responded to the
cry for help.
When the. boat arrived here Aiker es
caped ashore, but Detective Egan soon
caught him, and ever, since then the
case ha6 been hanging In Judge' Mo
gan's court. To secure conviction the
testimony of the young woman pas
senger was needed, but she positively
refused to testify unless she was as
sured that her name could not ap
pear in the newspapers. Even after
When the demon of discord sneaked
into the home of J. J. Richstein and
became so energetic as to make marital
life unendurable to Mrs. Richstein, that
lady betook herself and her portion of
the community property to 406 Geary
street, where she established a massage
and manicuring parlor and instituted
proceedings for divorce. Then, 'tis said,
the husband relented and proposed a
reunion, b.ut the wife spurned the pro
posal. This angered him and on Wed
nesday evening he visited the massage
parlor and flourished a pistol in such a
threatening manner that Mrs. Rich
stein shouted for help. Patrolman
Matheson responded and placed Mr.
Richstein under arrest, and before
Judge Mogan yesterday morning the
prisoner was charged with carrying a
concealed weapon and disturbing th*
peace. As the wife was not there to
testify the policeman was instructed
to have her in court to-morrow.
When the name of Beascic Fehse was
called in Judge Mog-an's court there
was no response, and Bailiff Hickey
was instructed to search the corridors
for him. Three times did the faithful
officer endeavor to correctly pronounce
the name in tones so loua that the win
dows shivered, and each time the
crowd of loungers in the hallway looked
at him in alarm. Then he returned and
informed the court that the man was
not within hailins distance.
"The charge against this Boa— Boas—
this defendant, is expectorating on a
public sidewalk," remarked the Judge.
"Where did he commit the offense?"
When it was explained that B. F.
had polluted the purity of a Barbary
Coast footpath by sprinkling it with
navy plug Juice his ball of $5 was
forfeited.
Nine women from the Hotel Nymphia
were released by Judge Fritz after they
had promised to aid the police in prov
ing the identity of the persons who own
the notorious place.
"I want to put this matter fairly up
to the police," said the court, "and
afford them every available facility for
convicting the men who obtain the
rentals paid by these women. It is use
less to herd in the women and allow
the men who profit by their immoral
traffic to evade justice. This remark
applies to Bacon place as well as to
the Nymphia."
Chapter 4, Court of Fritz— Four de
fendants called for trial. Court learns
that their bail has been reduced and
promptly restores it to original amount
and orders defendants into custody.
Chapter 5 — To be written;
• • •
Chapter 1. Court of Fritz — Thomas
Henry Conboy, Edward Gregg, Jacob
Schubener and Edward Downing are
accused of having swindled Stanislaus
Buchek out of $280 by means of a game
conducted at 406 Dupont street. Case
continued and bail of each defendant
fixed at $2000.
Chapter 2, Court of Conlan— Attorney
Archie Campbell, representing afore
named defendants, appears and plcau3
for reduction of their bail, stating that
hi cannot find Judge Fritz in time t3
save his clients from .over-night incar
ceration. Bail reduced to $1000 each.
Chapter 3, Court of Cabaniss—Attor
ney Campbell presents Conlan's order
for reduction of bail and it is approved.
Prisoners are released.
It is a tale of three police courts.
The fourth chapter was unfolded yes
terday. . ,
G. Paganini and G. Scandivini, ar
rested for selling flowers on the side
walk at Market and Kearny streets,
were found guilty yesterday by a jury
in Judge Mogan's court. At request of
the defendants' attorney sentence was
deferred for. a week.
¦ Thomas Beattie, champion Caucasian
cakewalker of the Pacific slope, was be
fore the tribunal of Judge Mogan on a
charge of vagrancy entered by Police
man Nelson, who testified that Thomas
has been dividing all his waking hours
between the Jackson street dance halls.
In reply to a query from the bench the
defendant stated that he is a drum
player as well as a cakewalker, and vis
ited the dance halls to help out the or
chestra when the vocal sounds of rev
elry became so loud as to. drown the
instrumental music. Then . he volun
teered some other statements as to his
social standing, which were so contra
dictory of each other that the court
continued his case till to-day.
• • •
Certain storekeepers doing business
on Fourth street, between Mission and
Market, will learn with regret that
Mary Lonetti's smile is wasting its
brilliance In a prison cell. Mary was
arrested at 2 o'clock yesterday morning
for parading her smile at an unseemly
hour, and she is being held until his
Honor Judge Mogan can find out just
what section of the Criminal Code pre
scribes a penalty, and exactly what
that penalty is, for indiscriminate be
stowal of beaming glances, During the
hearing of the charge against Mary
she smiled at the complaining police
man, the Judge, the clerk, the bailiff,
the benchwarmers and the motley crew
in the prisoners' cage. And it was dis
closed that her daily practice has been
to convey her smile along the west
sidewalk of Fourth street and stop at
store windows and flash it through the
glass at the merchants within. Some
of these men of business did not yearn
for artificial illumination of their stores
by Mary and complained of her to the
police, while others welcomed her
facial radiance and smiled back at her.
But rt was not until her smile began
to work overtime and bedim in com
parison the arc lights and gas lamps
that Mary was arrested.
Mary's smile is apparently inextin
guishable.
• • •
Charles Altmint occupies the unique !
position of standing half convicted of
vagrancy. He and Walter J. Burke
were before Judge Mogan pn a charge
of ' being connected with a Dupont- j
street bunko shop in which a ruralist
was recently swindled out of $280, and
Policemen Ryan and Taylor had no
trouble whatever in convincing the
court that Burke was a chronic va
grant. When It came to proving their
case against Altmint, however, they*
had only half succeeded in doing so
when the Judge ordered a continuance
in order to allow them to procure ad
ditional testimony. So with 50 per cent
of him proved vagrant and the other
50 per cent of undetermined quality,
Altmint was reconsigned to the
"tanks."
Judge Fritz sentenced David Darling
to six months' imprisonment for steal
ing a watch that could be purchased
anywhere for $3. The fact that David
pilfered the timepiece from a man's
pocket enabled the court to "give h'ltn
such a heavy dose of incarceration.
"Charles Wilson" was the signature
attached to a complaint accusing Jo
seph May of assault with a deadly
weapon at 400 Pacific street, and while
the case was on hearing yesterday be
fore Judge Conlan the fact was adroit
ly brought out by the defendant's at
torney that the complainant's real
name is Charles Faraola, and that he
is a chronic vagrant. The court dis
missed the charge against May and
severely scored his accuser for signing
an alias to a sworn document.
"Was it the mercantile instinct that
impelled you to ask 75 cents for a ticket
that cost you 50 cents at the box of
fice?" inquired Judge Moga'n.
"Twenty-five cents' profit was little
enough to compensate me for my trou
ble In purchasing the ticket and my
disappointment at being unable to at
tend the theater that "evening," was
the reply.
"Well," said the court, "your plea
isn't such a bad one, and^I'll continue
this case for thirty days j to give you
time to quench your desire to pervert
that mercantile instinct of yours."
Leo Weingarten declared he was a
business man and that the mercantile
instinct impelled him to peddle thea
ter tickets without a license in front
of an O'Farrell-street playhouse.
I that assurance was given she balked,
'^and it was with extreme difficulty that
j the prosecution persuaded her to ap
pear in tfourt yesterday. Once there,
however, she told her storjj without
hesitation, though she swept frightened
glances at the press reporters.
I Testimony for the defense will be
I introduced next week.
Prosecution Puts in All of
Us Testimony and Accused
Is Placed oil the Stand
LETTERS TO STATESMEN
Positive Declaration .That
the Junior U. S. Senator Is
Candidate for Ee-election
Police Judge Fritz Resents the Reduction of
Bail Prescribed by Him and Restores
Original Amount Cut Down by Conlan
FELD'S TRIAL
NEARS AN END
ROWELL OPENS
A BARD BOOM
TALE OF THREE COURTS
IN FOUR WEE CHAPTERS
The name of the young Swedish- girl
whose mysterious disappearance is puz
zling the DOlice and her friends is Anna
Carlson. "It is exactly a week ago to
day when the girl told her sister, who
is a domestic at the residence of B. D.
Merchant, 928 Van Ness avenue, that
she had called at a drug store at De
visadero and California^ streets to get
some medicine for tonsilitfs and had
been recommended to a "Dr. Winslow,"
who had a private" sanitarium.
The girl left the Merchant residence
with the intention of ' going to "Dr.
Winslow's" sanitarium, and that was
the last seen or heard of her. The po
lice have been -unable to find, any trace
of a "Dr. Winslow," and Chief Witt
man has issued instructions for' each
policeman, having a hospital, private or
public, or a sanitarium on ; his ] beat to
make inquiry for the missing girl and
report. -¦
Hospitals and . Sanitariums Being
Searched for Anna Carlson, Who
Disappeared Week Ago.
POLICE FIND NO TRACE
OF A MISSING GIRL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY, ; MARCH . 4, . 1004.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KODAK
Print ing
Developing
AT CUT PRICES
There is a . dlstlnctivef quality in my
work. I'm thoroughly equipped for Ko-
dak Developing and Printing;. and ray
¦ prices are too low to argue about. Here
are a lew figures:
DEVELOPING.
Roll of 6, 10c: roll of 12. 15c.
Solio finish, 3c to 5c.
Velox finish, 3c to 6c.
I carry In stock all popular sizes of
KODAK FILMS for dayllsht loading at
lowest prices.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
IOCS Mariet Street, Above Powell.
San Francisco.- ''•:-',
fra JPJl fiKEal f£K R our new VACUUM DE-
|W| j§^_ H \a Y1GOKATOK Is a nat-
i ¦ ¦ E33d ¦ xil tiral restorer of lost
strentrth and vigor. It is the ONLY means
which will expand and develop the organs, used
with our Improved " Perfect " Soluble Medicated
(Direct Medication)
T I ' ~- *"**¦
Crayons, will quickly cure unnatural losses, stric-
ture, premature decay, prostatlc affections, etc
,-.. For VAR1COCKLK our 1M-
00TTO PROVED DKVKLOPEB.com-
! vS^jf/ft blned with our new patented SUS-
PENSORY and COMPRESSOR,
only by us), will curs even the
' Bw worst cases. Lon't fall to Investigate this.
M Call or write for new (copyrighted) pro-
H fl fusely illustrated 100-page book/'Health,"
"! ' f| ft>r 31 EX ONLY. Bent securely sealed
i tim FREE. Our physicians are experienced
'ffi»§L ancl shelly reliable specialists. Fees
''S^nioderate. Treatment given on 10 days'
trial and approval.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.,
6 O'Farrell Street. S. F.
() visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
OF flHATOfm
Q Q^ 1001J£AESZT6I.t«i.S:k*7*Ji,C.r.Cjl. A
\ \fj The U»r-est Anatomical Museum in the \
A mi -jnciL. Weild. %Veaknes^e< or irtf emiractert B
7 feS£^4 disea%e p»nHI«rlyr»r«dhjrtte olde>t Jl
O IfeJ s|l 5 P=culiiton iheColk". E»L35ye»r». Q
A ft&$J A CR. JURDAH-D'SEASES OF MEN d
\ »jSW^8 Con\ultr.tion free »nd «tric*l]r private. \
« ¦VIS'm'h Trenmeni p«r»oii»lly or by Iftttr. AQ
V H If Sin "'*'«¦• CWi in er«rjr c«se usdertakea.* T
API Wat w »i>e for Biok. rniLunoi'ay »r A
* I! li^" BBAnBIAGS. MAILED l'RE3. (KY
A W li ¥alu « ltlle l « o1 ' tot ""¦") \
V DUJtlSDAM & CO., 1051 Market at.. S. F. "
j&*@$g2z&3n MENANDWOMEH.
C»e Big « for nnnaturai
A-bOY 'a » t« 6 <!ir«.NSS dUchariia.lnflanimatloiifc
MSfeff On»r«tt»4 \3\ irriUtloct or ulceratlonl
JR^uij not t» •trlotorc. of mucous nitmbrinef.
jP"-"?! Pn>T«Bti CoatmfUa. Fainlei*. and not aitrla*
BffiVHEETAHSCHEMICtlCO. Rent or poiionout.
Bc<g3k SlHOmHATI.Q.R^I «cia by DracsUta,
U.8.A. "2^?jr or sent in plain wrajip*?.
«V«Kafcfc^_—^ft^B *>y "sxpreni. prepaid, tot
V^a^LBaSE^U^H •!•«>. or S bottles |1.7i.
au Circular tact on toaattt.
¦: OCEAN TBAVEL.
oceanics.8.co. Ssums;
S.S. ALAMEH^A, for Honolulu, Mch. 12, 11 a.m.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Mch. 18,- 11 a.m.-
S.S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thur., March 24, 2 p. m.
4l.lPgECIEUat BS8J.M.. mH..TttiHfflca.lM lirtaa !
|f#t6t3aLiS«8*rWSt.fbrh.7.Pac«i!L ;
CCKPAGHIE GE«E3AL^ TRAN3&TLWriQ7i.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .jm**,,
Sailing every Thursday instead of WffJKJt*;
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -~««Bsne» :
North River,. foot of. Morton st. ¦ • -
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL. AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CAN ADA * Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.T- Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. -
' Mare Iitland and VaUejo Sttmmmt*. ¦
Steamer GEN/ FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, 0:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. I Leave .Vallejo'
7 a.' m., 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. 'Sunday. Sun-
day,, 7 a.m., 4:15 p.m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Maln'-lSOSt Fler 2. Misaion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.grtHBMHMMMH
OCEAN TBAVEL. |
-¦ " j
cJfcv • Steamers leave Piers 9 and '
/£«-' —^W«\ **• San
ArZL *" or Ketchlkan. Wrangel. .
Aa/ W^CjSfc \-M Juneau, llalnes. Skaguay.
I \^i*A I etc -> Alaska— 11 a. m.. Mar.
I \ V|CS<a/ J 1. «, 11. 1«, 21, M. 31. Apr. ;
w\ \\ ).W 5. Chanre to company's '
Vft-iL— &y steamer at Seattle.
/^ For Victoria, Vancouver. I
"~ Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta- :
coma, Everett. Belllngham— 11 a. m.. Mar. 1, !
6, 11. 18, 21. 20. 31. Apr. 5. Change af Seattle
to thi3 company's steamers for Alaska and O.
N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For EureKa iHumboIdt Bay)-»Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Mar. 5, 11, 17. 23. 20. Apr. 4. Spokane, j
1:20 p. m.. Mar. 2. 8. 14. 20, 26, Apr. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lob Angeles and !
Kedondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara — San- j
ta Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Loa Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblapo), Ventura and Huenezne. .
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Mar. 8. IS, 24, Apr. I.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Mar. 4^12, 20. 2S. Apr. 5.'-
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay; Sun Jose del
; Cobo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas.- Santa Ro- j
sa)1a. Guaymas (Met.). 10 a. ni., Tth each '
rriT.th. F«.r further information obtain folder, j
Right is reserved to change steamers or «alllnK '¦
dates - i
TICKET OPPICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st. and Broad- >
way wharves. Freleht office, 10 Market t*.
C. X>. DUXANX. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St., will j
call for and check baggage from hotels «tnd ¦¦
residences. Telephone Exchange 312. !
- -^— _^__^__^ i
O. RJ & TV. CO.
OREGOX sails March S. 18, 28. April 7, 17,
27. May 7 and 17. S.S. Oregon Is temporarily In
service Instead of the Columbia. GEO. TV.
ELDER salU March 3. 13. 23. April 2. 12. 22,
May 2 and 12. Only steamship line to PORT- !
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points East. Through tickets to all points, j
all rail cr steamship and rail, at LOWEST '
RATES. Steamer tickets include berth ami |
meals. Steamer vails foot of. Spear st.. at 11 ,
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. U
Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent, i
Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery st.
Tt ATT, WAY TRAVEL. !
» . i
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICACO
LEAVES DAILY
-- at !):.•',» «. m, tbroutfi la 3 days,
with diaer aad all trapping-*.
Other Santa To Tralns|
7:30 a. m.l for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
9:jJ0 a. m. V Merce< i t Hanfort and Vlsalla.
Q . U4i P. m. J
4:00 d. in. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago. *•:;',!
TICKET OPriCXS— C41 Market St, and
Perry Depot. S. T. Also 1119 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 37 South Pint St,
San Joso.
¦ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERp, Etc
Via Sausalfto Ptrry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Departirom San Francisco Dally 7 :oy, s :0O,
9:Wo:OO. 1^00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 8:15. 4:15.
B : 1B «15 7 00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN KAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCXJ
—Daily 5:25. «:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35, 11:06 a.
m.. 12:20° 1:48. 2:55, 3:45. 4:45, 5:45, 6:45.
a>4^ 10*20 d. in.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
cl SCCJ-Dally. 5:45. «:55. 7:52. 8:55. 8:&3.
ll-20a7m.. 12:83. 2:00. 8:15. 4:05, 5:05. e:08.
7:05, 0:00. 10:33 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted)—
Tomales and way statlona.
S:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. .
Sundays only — 10 a. ta.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Market it.
. FERUV— Union Depot, foot of Market St.
Wt. Tamalpais Railway
" Leave TU SiojaUta hnj I Arriv*
S— Frandsc* Hi rflUrkt aV . Saa rrandac*
Week Saa. • ftBB Son- IWmT
Days- days 4?rfSflW&f%_ day Par*.
•irwT*8:00A eS££fe*h i«io»r foT4f3
•VA&r 9:00a WtisSo&m l:»5r »:50p
»:15r 1O:OOa >:>Or S:6Op
.,, 11:OOa Xgl^Sr *:B«r »iM»
"- , L | .«'m. ' t:80FJnZZI
L *»—lwlttrtm>r * %s»«ITttWli«jy _
'tWOT J 626 Majlxxt 3T^(North Short JUiliWT
OIUB I aad Sa—auto Famwr. Foot Marhat Sc_
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
-¦ n - ' ' ' ADV^TISEJaaTTS. ¦ j
Fl P F NOI AN
' NOLAN BROS. SHOE CO.
ivx&L w^?\/v IV.CL11 111^ I 1 Ulll
SjUISIIiCSs e e •
M^^^otw \ n^ evcrv s^ oe * n our irnmense stock
HB*^a» I Business Is Booming
||i|| 3t& 1 But there is reason for it.
li§iLj|j^^ The wonderful shoe bargains
mt^B^Stfp we are giving would make
ral|l|«KgBB ' business good anywhere any
Thousands of people came
llililllii! through the rain to buy those
.>|||||Ii|§l $3.50 Shoes for 62.50 and yet
we have thousands left for
those who come this week.
T^f-ff f Cal \)i/ C C la^
M. & A a. a^j yy i i \ iNk,
We will close out
700 Pairs Men's Genuine, Patent We are closing out about 800 pairs
Colt Lace Shoes — latest styles. . of Laird, Schober & Co.'s Ladies'
Regular $4.00 and $5.00 shoes, all Fine Shoes at from $ I2.3O to'
sjzes, this week. $3.OO 93. 5O a pair
I2co Pairs Men's Box Calf ahd Vici 1800 Pairs Johnston & Murphy's
Kid- Lace Shoes — stylish toe. Fine $6 and $7 Shoes — the very
good solid soles. Regular $3.00 latest styles, all sizes, all widths,
shoes, all sizes, this week. $2.00 at $4.50 and $5.0O
It would take too much space to quote prices, but they are about
one-half what you would pay elsewhere, FOR THE GOODS MUST BE
SOLD.
SHORT LINES on the bargain counters at 50c, 75c and $1.00
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
PtiELAN BUil DII\Ifi 8!2 - 814MARK^ T street
rilLmn DUiLUil\U 91| o'FARRBLL STREET
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
bytheuseot
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous germicide, which
allows Nature to build ub healthy
tissue. Absolutely harmless.'
Used and endorsed by leading
physicians everywhere. ; .
Sold by leading druggists, or trial
bottle sent, preDaid, on receipt of
25 cents.
The genuine bears my . signature
on every bottle. Address
. PBEK-Ti!»U« RMklrt •¦ Hnr to Treat Mmm
BAILWAT TBAVEL.
I f simarr l^l Traloi lasre ud »tt
I t/i pOOiM * U1ASTA) £• I
Vcf\^57y SAN J-RANCISCO.
\^ f « y (Mala Line. Ferry Depot.
V^»^ Foot of Market Street. >
I.a*T« — Fmom K»n»P*aT 17. 1904. — mm*
7430a VncaTlIlc Wlater*. Kuui»«y_.. 7-50>
7.00a Benicln, SuUun. Blmlra an.l Sacra-
mento '. 7-20?
7-30* Vtllejo. Xapa, CaUstog*. Santa
Kosa. Martinet, Saa lUmoa |.20r
740a Nile*. LlTermore, Tracy. Latarop.
Stockton 7.20'
8.00a Etasta Express— <VU D»rls>.
wmiam» (for Bartlett Spr!nr»>.
Wlllowa. trruto. Kod Bluff.
' Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7-5»r
|.00a D»Tln.WfMKllaa<l. KalghU Landing.
MarytTllle, Orotllle 7-50*
140a Port Costa, Martinez, Antlocfe.
jfyroB. Tracy, Stockton, Xew
maa. Lot Baaoi. Uendota,
Annona. Hantord, Vital la,
PorterTllle 4.28»
¦40a Port Contti. Martlne*. Tracy, Lath-
rop. Modeato, Merced. Fresno.
Goaben Junction. iltDtotd.
VlMlla. BakenDeld 4.5tr
8-30* Knew, Saa Joae, Llvensore. Stock-
ton. (tMllton). lone. Sacramento.
Plaserrlile. Marjtvllle, Ch!co.
Bed Blnff ... 428'
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamfntown. So-
nor«,'T'iolurane and Angela 4 20 p
9. CO* Atlantic Express— ©gden aad E»»t. 11.20a
9.30a Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations 6-50r
1000a Tna Orerland Limited — Ogden.
Dearer. Omaha, Chicago. 820p
1000a Vallejo_ 1220*
10-00 a Lot Anirelet Pasaeng er — Port
Cotta. Martinez. Byroa. Tracy.
Lalbrop. Stockton. Merced.
Kaymond. Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion. Manford. Lemoore, Vlaallaw
B«icerin«ld. Loa Anie'.es 7-23^
1200* Hayward. Nlleaand Way 9taUons. 3-20r
ti-OOr Sacramento RlTer Steamers tii.OOr
3.30r Bealcla. Winter*. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knlgbtt Landing.
MaryiTllIe. Otot111« and way .
tutfont 1050a
3.30^ Hayward. Ntiea and Way Stations.. 7.60p
3.30r Port Costa. Martlaes. Byroa, . ,
Tracy. Lathrop. Mode* to.
Merc-J. Fresno abd Way Star
tlona beyond Port* Coat* 12-20>
330r Marttnes. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1020a
4 COr Marttaei.SanlUmon.ValleJo.Ifapa,
Callttoica, Snnta Ilota. ... 3 204
4 OOr KUet. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4. 20?
4.30r Haywitrd. Nlles, Irrlnston, San I 18.50*
Jote. Llvcrtnore ) (11.50a
5 COp The Owl Limited — Newman. Los
Banoa, Mrndnta. Fresno, Tulare.
Bakerifield. Loa Angeles.
OoldeA State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Lot Angetea. for Cal- % ¦
caifo, Tla C. B. I. & P 8 50*
600r Port Cotta. Tracy, Stockton 12-20r
IS iOr HAyward. N!!e» and San Jose ..... 7. 20*
6C0p Hayward. Nllet and San Jote. 9iftA
6 COr Eastern Expretn— Oftden. Denrer.
Omaha. St. Lonta. Chlcaeo and
East. Port Coat*. Bealcla, Sul-
•nn. Elmlra. Davta. Sacramento^
Rock] In, Anburn. Col fax.
Trackee. Boea. lie no. Vfad*-
worth, Wlanemneca 5 23*
6. 00p Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... i * en _
700p Vallejo, Sunday only f ' 6ar
7Q0r hlchmond. 8aa Ji'ablo. Port Cotta.
Martinet and Way Statlona 11.29a
. ICSr Oregon * California Express— Sac-
ramento. Marysvllle. Beddtag,
Portland. Puget Sound and Kast. 8.60a
, f.l Or Hayward. Ktlea and San Jote (Sua-
d»r only) . 11-50*
COAST LINE tSarrow «» B5 »).
(Foot uf Market Street.)
8.15a Newark, Coatervllle. San Jos*.
Felton, Uoulaer Creek, Santa
Crux and Way Station*... 6-55'
t2.1lr Newark. Centerrlllo. San Jose.
New Almaden. Los Gatoa.Felton,
¦ . . Boulder Creek, Santa Cms aad
¦¦ Principal War Stations t!0 55*
4.18r Newark. San Jos*. LoaOatos and I '8 5%*
way suttona >:1O55»
«9 30i> Hnntert Tr*tn. Saturday only, S«n
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
In? from Lot Oatot Sunday only. !7 25 r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAN * KANCISCO. Foot of Market St. (SUpO
-t7:l5 9:00 11:00 a.m. 100 300 5 16r.*.
From OAKLAND, root of Brundway — tt>:Ott ti:J»
t8:0a 10:00 a.m. 12-00 2 00 4 CD m.
COAST LINE (Bnmd Uanne).
X3T ( f ttlrd and foATnsend Streets.)
6-10* San Jote and Way Sutloai. 6-30r
7 00a San Jo«e and Way Stations.. 5-33r
800* New Almaden (Tues., Frld^ only), 4.1 3r
8. 00a The Coaster— Stopt only San Jose.
Gllroy (connection for Hotlla>
ter). Pajaro. CaatroTllle (con-
section to and from Monterey
and Pacific Orovr). Salinas. Saa
Ardo. Paso Itoblea. Santa Mar-
gvrlta. Saa Lais Oblipo, principal
•tation* thence Surf (connection
for Lompoc). principal utition* -
thence Santa Carbara.San Buena*
rontura. SauRUs. Los Aneelen. .. 10-43*
1.00a gai Jote. Tr*a P!no». Capltola.
SaataCrax.PiiciBeGroTe.Sallnaa,
San Lola Oblspo and Principal
Way BtaUouj 4.10»
10.30* 8 an Joae and Way Stations. 1.20r
lUOi Santa Clara, Stn Joae, Loa Gatot
aad Way sutlont 7.30r
l-30r Sin Jo«eand Way SUttont ... .... 8 33*
i-OOr Del Monte Kxprest— 8anu Clara,
Ban Joip. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crnz. Moulder
Creek and Narrow Gantre Points)
at Gllroy for llolliater. Trea
Plnos. tt CaatroTlIle for Salinas. 1215"
S-30r Tret Ptno» Wa» P».i»enser 10 45a
4-307 Ban Jose and Way stations... t8.00a
t5 00r Can Jote, <rU Santa Clara) Lot
Gatos, and Principal Way Star
. tlons (e.icent Sunaay) T900*
55 30r SanJoteandPrinclpnlWayStattont 13.40*
6 CO* Snnaet Limited. — Kedwocxl. Saa
Joae. Gllroy.Saltnas. Paso Uoblea,
- San Lola OtM*r>o. Santa Barbmra.
Lot Angel"-*. l>einlnz. £1 Paao,
New Orleans. New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crux
tnd at Cantrorina for Pactflc
Grore and Way Stations.. 7.104
18-16* 6auMateo.Beresforil.Belnioat.Saji
Carlos. Beditood. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto 18-48*.
6 30i- San Jo*e and Way Stations. 8-38a
8.0CT Palo Alto and Way Stations „ 10.15*
1 1 .J0r Sou th Saa Francisco. M illbrae. Bar-
llngame. San Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos, Bedwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45*
• II.Mf Mayneld. Mountain View. Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
Ban Jo«e ».4S»
? for Morning. P for Af teraooa. ""'
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only
a Saturday only.
f E tops at all statlona oa Snnday.
PT*Oaly trains stopping at Valencia St. toathbovM
sreS:10A,M.,7:0QA.M., 11:30a.m., y.aOv.u^iiSOrjun*
•iStTJt
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. C!)
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANOORTH PAC1F1*
KAH.WAT CQMPA JSTT.
Tltouron. r erxy. root oi" SCarkat StxeeX.
SAjr rsANCisco to sajj batael.
WEEK DAYS — T.ZO. 9:W). 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, S:1O, 6:'M p. m. Thursdays — Extra trt»
at 11:30 v. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 aad 11:38 p. m.
SUNDAYS— H:00. »:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
S:30. 5:0O. e:20. ll:3O p. m.
sast ki-rAEii to saw pxascxsco.
WEEK DAYS- 6:0*. 7:a5. 7:5^ V.'M. 11:14
a. m : 12:5O. 3:40. 6:00. 5:2O p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m,
6UND AYS— 8:00. »:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40.
8:40. 4:58. 6:C5. 6:25 p. m.
Leave j In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco. ( Sept. 27. 1003. |Saa Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destiaa- ( 8u»- t Week
Days, f days. \ < tlon. | day. | Daya._
7-30a 8:00a 9:10a 8:40a
0:30 a IinatJo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 8:20 »
5:10 p 5:00 p T35p
7 SO a ' ¦ | 9:10 a| 8:40*
8:0O a N'ovato. |10:40 a|10:2O a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 0:05 p 6:20 p
6:l»p 3:30 p . and 7:35 p
[ 5:00 p Eanta Rosa.
7-30aI 10:40 a 10:20 a
I 8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30p|3:3Op
Windsor.
7:30a 8:00a Healdsburs. 10:40a 10:20*
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:35 p 8:20 p
Cloverdals,
7:30 a 8:00 a Hoplaad 10:40 a 10:20*
3:30 p 3:30 p and Uklaa. 7:35 p «:20p>
7:3Oa r 8:0O a| Wllllta. | 7:S5 p| »:2O p
7:30 al 8:0O al ~ . 110:40 all0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p[ CaerpeTHle. | 7:3S p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 at Sonoma. I 9:10 al 3:40 a
5:10 p| 6:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 8:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 ail0:20 a
3:30 pj 3:30 p| Sebastopol. \ 7:35 p| 6:20 a
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurtaand Mark West
Springs; at Lyttoa for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Sprlags; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Uoonevilie and Greenwood: at
Bopland for Duncan Sprints. Hishiand Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga eprtngs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Fomo.
Potter Valley. John Day"s. Riverside. LJerly's.
Bucknells, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Orr't
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptchs. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Larton-
-rille. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. ' .
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates, r . '
On Sunday rcund-trlp tickets to all points
beyond San Rtfael at half rates. ¦
r Ticket of ficcav 630 Market street. Caronicla
building.
1- H. C WHITINO. R- X. RTAN. -
> - Gen. Manas-ex. . Cen. Pmaa a at. ,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1904.
12
LODGING HOUSES FOfi _?_-\ Ij ,??T^&! > ..?.;
MITCHELL & CO.. ;..... Phone Jessie 2981
1206 Market sf .. opposite Sixth.
16 rooms: neat." sunny.- two-floor house; rent
$4*0; sell or exchange;, price $650.
65 rooms; downtown house; steady; transient;
clearing S3C0 monthly; handsomely, furnished.
26 rms.: choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for*translent as .well as steady roomers.
I 25 ' rooms; well appointed: housekeeping
suites; landlady -must sell; make offer.
MITCHELL & CO.. 12C0 Market st.
18 ROOMS rent $70; Ions lease: furnished new;
clears $60. Call at 850 Ellis st.
54-ROOM corner house: Sixth.' near Market;
house always full; must sell. Box 2118. Call.
EDDY, 518— An upper flat of S rooms; sunny
: all day;, veil furnished; a bargain.
HOUSE — 15 rooms; all full; one of, best resi-
dence streets of city; sacrifice on account of
sickness; no agents. Box 2413, Call of lice.
CAltPKT, DKATIKG AND ) CLEAN I^iiti.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on j floor, without removal ; . price i moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning- Co., Call
building. : ; Phone Main 6237.' •; .
WHEN- you? become disgusted ' with" your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing, Works/ 355-357 .Tchama St.; tel. South 40..
DKL MONTE. 547 Hayes St.; phone Page C3S—
Carpets renovated on the floor; also beating.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, ' 1809 Har-
| rlson st.; Al cleaning: . 3c. ,/Tel. Mission 225.
iHOPKE BROS.; excellent carps t beating: mat- ;
: tresses made over.; J432 Howard;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
.:- reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel.' Mission 2t>3. :
CONKLIN^S Superior « Carpet-t>eat!ng Works,
i 333 Golden. Gate ave.; telephone East 26.
\ EDUCATIONAL Contlnncd.
ESPANOL— Metodo practlco y progresivo.
Rafael Serrano. 830 California, cuarto nm. 4.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night clajs.
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SPANISH.Freneh.etc. Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademy
of language.320 Pcst:estab'd 1S71; ablest profs.
COTTAGE* TO LET.- •
TO let — 4-room cottaire; large yard. 214 Col-
lingwccd st.. bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
__ coiii.ECTiON oryxcits.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
¦ city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. Main 55S0.
CUKES SUPTTJ2E.
WHO?— Hunter. 12UO Market .at.; $100; ruptur*
cure for S1O. circular explains; send for one.
* OKNTISTS. .
DP.. MURPHY. 504-5-0 Callaghan. bldgTTMaTket
«aul McAllister ets.. uses tne Basford Obtun-
' «lei ; the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
\ DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
- made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from Vi per set: extracting SOc: gas given.'
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted CO yrs; crown. $."1 50; tllltngs, 50c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. H. . G. TOUNG — Bridges and teeth with-
out elates a nieclalty. 1841 Polk St.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
: paln;open Sundays. Dr. O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 SO up; crowns. 92 up;flllings.25c
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r. 14.1st
floor, Phelan bid.. 80S Market, cor. O'Farrell.
; " EpPCATlOWAL. '
WRITE to California Business College for in-
formation concerning February club dis-
count; on moving Into our new and elegant
building we want 800 students; com: and
Join the great school of the West: -75 -page
catalogue. 001-925 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening session; Phelan bldg.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping-, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; established IS years; the. school that
secures poMtlcns for graduates; just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free. . .
A LA.1GER and better school' than ever; rnter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand Ellis bookkeeping^ S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st. . ,
SOCIAL dances -Wed., Thurs., Sat. and-.Sun.;
classes Mondays, Frldjiys. Loutse Foster's
j School of Dancing. 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh 'Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
- petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College, Odd Fellows' hid.:
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, writing, .etc; day eve. ; $i.mo eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity.' 2* Post
, Bt.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
'complete equipment. Special catalogue 'free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, min.. mech.. »ur-
"¦ vey. assay, cyanide: day. ev.;est.lS61. Van
.'. der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
MINMAN'S Academy; -a, thorough school of
. dancing: established 2O years. 1412 Polk st..
bet. Pine and .California: classes. now cpen.
KENT Law School; furnishes free books; al-
ways onen. 530 Parrott building.
BANJO, mandolin - . and guitar thoroughly
•. taught; orchestra practice. 1 \ 462 Geary "t.
GUITAR, mandolin . and : piano; 93 • per mo. ;
mandolin club $1 per mo. 828 Haight st. .
I SPIRITUALISM. £
miE. PHILLIPS — Clairvoyant; card reader,23o
and SOc- future revealed: sat. guar. ; hrs., 10-8
daily except Sat. 373 Market St.. suita 31-2.
MJ».S. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium; readings daily. $1; de-
veloping class Thursday 3 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
MRS. COXNOLL. 14S Sixth st.: circle every
night; 10c; convincing testa; readings dally.
MATERIALIZING seance at 10C2 Ellia St., by
C. WILBUR DEAN: Friday. 8 p. ra.
A MATERIALIZING seance Friday evenln*.
S o'clock sharp. 328 EUla st.
SEER Egyptian Hindu, occult, reads dally:
clr. Wed.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 340 Ellis.
MRS. LESTER. 063 Mission; life reader, busi-
ness medium: read, dally: clr. to-night. lOo.
EX.ISE BRAUN. renowned psychic. My readln*s
demonstrate my wonderful powers. 886 Bush.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings d»lly.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYAATS.
A GREAT CUT D? PRICES.
Call at onc» and isv« 94.
Hli formsr $3 readings this w«k for
|1. $1. SI. fl. II. $1. II- II- II- IL
MO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the information for w_tc_t
You consult him.
(Ton to b* full Judxe.)
PATH. DESTINE.
The first registered trance ciairyovint sad
Palmist ever la San Francisco.
Rtad carefully. An honest proposttlon.
I do hereby solemnly agrea and guarantee
to make no charge If I fail to tell your narna.
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
ise to tell you If husband, wife or swvetbeaxt
Is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry. In fact I will tell every hops.
fear or ambition better than you can tall
yourself; I restore lost affections, raunlta th*
separated, cause happy marriage. ma_» you
successful in life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and buried treasures and insure yon success
or charge nothing for my services; 10 s. m.
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 2 to 8.
326— O'Farrell st. — 328.
MME. M. BERNARD THD FAiIOXT3
' Clairvoyant and Business Medium.
60c 50c SOo SOo
My 13 readings this week for SOo
Sha reads your life correctly, gives an ma-
' curate description of the past, present aaA fu-
ture. If in trouble .consult her and you will
b» told how to overcome them; gives valuaM*
advice in all affairs in life.
PERFECT SATISFACTION OTJARAirrKED.
50c SOc . 60c SOo
17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, fly
full life. $5; send lock of hair, data of year
of birth: don't send currency: send poatofflce.
Wells- Fargo money order or registered letter.
AA— MME. RAVENNA, formerly of 5 Fourth
St.. has permanently moved to her new and
elezant offices. 835 Howard St.. bet. Fourth
and Fifth: thanking her many patrons and
soliciting their further patronage: business
advice; originator of names given; full Ufa
reading. 50c until further notice.
MRS. E. M. SANDERS.
Palmist and psychic; advice on business;
teacher of mental suggestion and the new
thought. 1000 Sutter st. Phone 2368 Polk.
Evenings and Sundays by appointments.
THE only original Roman Gypsies In the city:
palmists, clairvoyants, card readers. tranc«
mediums: we have given readings to 10,000
people in San Francisco sines our arrival;
they ar» satisfied, so will, you be. 2S5 Geary.
MISS ZEilDAR. your.g. gifted, clair. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestio
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 5Oc; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MISS M. WILLE. crystal seer, life reaaer:
without asking a question reads your entire
life; special, |1 this week only. 460 Geary.
MR*. A. H. KRONEKEEKO, palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader: when others fall try me;
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.O. ava.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
28% Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c; gents. 50c.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant. 017 Market, rooms
11-12; gives dates, names, facts; hours 11-9.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23 Vi 6th: 1. 23c. g. 30c.
MME. LE FERN, card reader, of 100 FiftS
«., has removed to IIS Ninth st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune^
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 44Si^ Jessie st.. bet. Sth and eth.
l)l<t-:>SMAKERS AXD SKAMSTKCSMC.H
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; doubl*
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; teL Folsom 2121.
MoDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class 1013 Mkt.
KMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
G^T^ou7^1p^rp^^^A?A^IE^E~EMPLbir-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co. 1333
Pine. nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone Polk 386tJ.
GEORGE A OKI. 421 Post St.: teL Bush 133^
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc-
A— ORPHEUM Employment. Offlce — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 5732.
CHINESE Employment Offlc* — Best help at
Leon Seung*s. 411 % O'Farrell; tel. East 4i«.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chinese)
help. 415 Stockton. TeL Grant 163.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 01SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLET A CO.. 840 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEM.U.B.
A FIKST-CLASS. young. North German nurse;
best of city references. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A RECOMMENDED maid and seamstress, best
of city references, can be seen at J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.'S. 334 Sutter st.
LADT wishes plain sewlnjr. binding or r»-
linir.sr ladies' and gentlemen's clothes; mend-
ing done on short notice. Room 23. 233
Van Ness ave.. phone Folsom S95.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a few days*
work; is a good laundress or house cleaner;
?2 a day. Call 1 Cottage row. near Web-
ster it.
POSITION by neat, refined Eastern woman:
elderly; likes children; eood plain cook; ca-
pable entire work of family; wages 112. Box
2454, Call office.
A COLORED woman desires a position In pri-
vate family; is a good cook; Is willing to
work: best references given. 107S Clay st.
A LADT wishes washing or house cleaning by
the day. Apply 270 Minna st.
A BRIGHT young lady would like position la
a store or office. Apply 3728 Twenty-third at.
LAUNDRESS wants work two first days of
the week. 743 Folsom, phnne Red 577.
TOUNG woman would like second work and
care of child. Tel. Church 1568.
POSITION as cash girl. 11 Eddy St.
A STRONG, neat young Swedish cook wants
work In private family In San Rafael or San
Mateo; expects |30 a month. MISS PLUN'-
KETT. 425 Sutter St.; telephone Main 5173.
A SWEDISH woman wants place as house-
keeper or lisht general housework; wages
$15 to *2O; city or country. Call 45C» ISth st.
DHESSMAKKK desires work at home; shirt
waists. 51 up; ilress skirts. $1 50 ud; chil-
dren's ilresses 11 up. 1022 Folsom st.
NURSE with hospital experience will take car*
of invalid, adult or child. Address Nurse.
1S54 Ellis St.; phone Geary 1744.
¦WOMAN wishes to take charge of a prtvata
or rooming house: good" references and secur-
ity given. Box 2»14. Call offlce.
TOL'NG German girl would like a situation tn
do UDStalrs work. 931 York st., between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation,
cooking and housewcrk. in small family; no
postals. 14C7 Scott st.
STRONG German girl, good cook, wants po-
sition for kitchen and housework: Ameri-
can family. Address box 2S2!>. Call offlca.
A YOUNG girl would like to mind baby and
be useful. Call 51 Natoma st.
WOMAN -would like to do washtns and clean-
ing by the day. $1 50. Address 02 Ninth at.
GOOD cook wants kitchen work: can glv» ref-
erences. Address box 2S93. Call offlce-
ADVEFtTISEMENTS. subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken-- for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 833 McAllister at.
TOMgGALL
JOEIT D. SFBECKEIiS, Proprietor.
TtaJsCCBEMiEIlCM \t_ JCESjCjADgHTjaMgr
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Art tor THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You wlin.
rubltcatlon Offlce Market and Third. S. F.
Kltortel Room 217 to 221 Stevenson *t.
Delivered br Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 78
Ct*. Per Month. Single Copies 8 Cents
Term* by Hall. Including Postage (Cash WltB
DAILY CALL flnclud. Sunday). 1 y««r. . .$300
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 m».... \™
DAILY CALL— By Single Month '»«
6UNDAY CALL 1 Y*ar ;•**
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Tear V""^ \2z
ESS. (&Sfe$S P" Year Eg
POSTAGE. \ We€k £. x.oo Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eairpl* Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested. .
Mail enbtcriben in ordering change of ad-
dress ehould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their r«-
caect.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
X11S Broadway Telephone Main 1085
BERKELEY OFFICE. • __
OU Center Etreet Telephone North 7T
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT^
BAMTTEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
KEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- A«toDa Hotel: A. Bretano. 31
tnlen Square; Murray Hill Hotel; FUUi-ave-
sne Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel. Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette Building
<Locg Distance Telephone. "Central 2819.")
NTW TORK REPRESENTATIVE :
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
J»*EW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BCTINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
cntll 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1K*S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
. 11 p. m.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open na-
til 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open ontll 9:30 p. m.
*** McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
3096 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
North e&tx. corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty -second and Ken-
tucky Etreett; open until 9 p. m.
MEETI.Nti JiOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. _— .
T. — Regular assembly THIS EVEN- *SSf r
ING at 7:30. Order of Temple. All KX
J raters courteously Invited. CW
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Com. **
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
MEMBERS of San Francisco £5£3P
Consistory No. 1, A. and A. jtlff
5. Rite. — You are respectfully rj^ / -'vTv>— 111
requested to attend the funeral ifesS r^-$rf!
c*T*monles of our late brother. Ifvar^S-^-.KT
SAMUEL BADEN. S2d degree. l! ' 6 tEt
Services will be held at his late r^Si]
residence, 102S Steiner St.. at
10:30 a. m. TO-DAY. By order cf the Mas-
ter of Kadosh. r
HENRY BURNER. Registrar.
Ft'NERAL notice — Fidelity Lodge No. Q
120. F. and A. M. : Officers and mem- >f\f
Lers are rt-quested to assemble at Ma- /V\
ronic Temple on FRIDAY, 4th lnst..
nt 9:30 a. m.. for the purpose of conducting
the funeral ceremonies of our late brother.
SAMUEL BADEN. Sen-Ices will be held at
Jate residence of deceased. 102S Steiner St..
si 10:30 a. m. Ey order 'of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodce No. 130. F. and A. q
XL. — Mtted nieetins THIS EVENING W
at 7:30 o'clock- /^f\
GEORGE PENLINGTOX. Sec.
EIHRANZA ITALIANA Lodge No. 219. ®
K. and A. M.— Stated meeting THIS VV
(FIUDAY) EVENING at 8 o'clock /V\
¦ G. SCALMANINI. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. ..^-«,
F.— First degree - THIS (FRI- -5>8SBSiHk.
I'AVi NIGHT. March 4. Vi?- \*V$gfS*3
itors welcome. ***%kS8^
GEORGE C. TERRILL. N. G.
W. F. NOKCROSS. Recording Secretary.
PRESIDIO I>-<3ire No. 334. I. O.
O. F— Initiation THIS tFRI-
I'AVi EVENING, March 4.
Visitors welcome. ¦^suftiTr*^
ANDREW N0R1N. N. G.
W. H. PHARPE. Secretary.
CAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. >«$ft&&w
K O. T. M.— Review THIS /ty^ "~**\
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 8 /^tW"^Tri:<d
o'clock. Pioneer Hall. 24 fpfji H VJj>j
IX B. P.ICHARDS. V&UZt&rVSf
Record K^per. V£5>2fey
REGULAR met ting of the Caicdo- v >
man Club THIS EVENING at nMj 1 )
o'clock, to be followed by a stag SW!?SX
l>arty. Scotti.-h Hall. 117 Virkln
st. A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretaryf
GOLDEN GATE Harbor No.
40. A. A. M. and P. of S. P-*^.^
V.— Please tak- notice that Ki^fcPSS*
:t>- regular r.f -»nri£ will b» fj*,^JfJW*^
held TO-NIGHT at our new W^*^"
quartern, 44 East tt., room J
6. 8 o'clock sharp.
P. N. STOFEN. Captain.
J. T. JONES. Captain's Clerk.
F-IONEER Council Y. M. I.. No. 1— To the
officer! and members of Pioneer Council Y.
M. I., No. 1 — You are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, JOHN
BOTCE, SATURDAY, March 5, at 8 a. m.
sharp, from James McGinn's undertaking
:«ricrrs. 214 Eddy Ft., thence to St. Mary'*
Oathrdral. Fine* for non-attendance. By
order or EDWARD C. CURTIS, Pres.
R. TOBIN. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— "Paauhau Sugar Plants.-
tion Company— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the
efflce cf the conjpsjiy. 327 Market street,
room 4. Fecund floor, in the cfty and couary
cf Sea Francisco. State of California on
FATUF.DAY, the Cth day of March, A. D
1804. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m for
the purpose cf electing a Board of Director*
to ferve for the ensuing year and for the
trar.sart.icn of suafi' ether business as mar
prcperly come before the meeting Transre*
bock» wiU cloee on TUESDAY. February 23*
JJ>04. at the hour of 3 o'clock Dm.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company. 227 Market st. lau
Francisco. Cal.
AD VXBTISEMEHT _WBlTnro!
HAVING recently acquired through~i«ha'nKe
of propertr three *4« scholarships In the be-t
College of Advertising in the United state.
LThH'.r 11 VT m " P* r wnt <«i«coun t for
cash, the college teaches advertisement writ-
Ing by ccrrerponcence and assists its grad-
«?v!* ° CCCur * P° sUlon »: catalogues fur-
tilrtied on application. Addr»»> box 3020. Call.
A TTOUXK V? -A f.LA \V .
,_ W. H. BITTNER^ ~ "
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW
Advice Free. Phone South 743
eulte 322. Emma Sprcckels Bulldinr
Plvcrce, quietly «nd legally obtained' for
el^ht c&uties; damages secured fcr injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garaiah-
tr.erts for debts; bende furnished: bankruptcy
nweedinjrs: win, probated: estates settle?
collection, rr.ade In all parts of the U.S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See rne und nave money; no pay in advance.
iS-JkkUPS*- ATTORNEY- AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs. ; rms. 1, 2, 3 4 & 5 1st n
yE M V* et ,* 1 • bet »«««» M?soa and f aylor
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
n v^\. KING> Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg.
Oth floor, entrance room €11; established 20
yearr; all casts, grr.eral court and office prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation*
yyenJngB by appointment. Tel. Red 3061.
L. 8. CLARK, 927 Market u.; confutation
fre*; no fees In advance: open evenings.
DIVORCE: — Costs. J12; quick, quiet; adv«ce
fr»e: open »v<m»nci». 927 Market Bt.. rnj. 30L
DCSIXESS ' CHAXCEs.
FOR SALE— Grocery and bar In Mlwion; good
bar trade; good corner. Box 2333, CalL
NEWSPAPER route In San Francisco paylnc
|12S * me nth. Room 10, 233 Kearny eu
nC S1XEM CIIAXCKS— -ronf Ifine iL
A— $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
, pallery, averaging about $9 50 per day; ex-
j>ense& about *5 per day; will sell or trade
for lodging-house. See It. G. WILKE. 26%
ICearny et.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery \n cholc-
eft location; rent $50; dally receipts about
$7G; a good business*, but sickness of owner
con-.pels him to retire. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. MM- Kearny tt.
A— $850: CORNER cigar stand, close to Market
¦ nd Stockton its.; rent $75; a splendid loca-
tion «nd rare business chance. See ii. Q.
WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A — $22£0; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.:
no opposition ; In thriving country town about
75 miles from this city; a rare chance. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 50x100;
bouse of 4 room;, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; price $3C00; not all cash required: a
good business. Call R. G. WILKE. -*6ft
Kearny et
A — $4000; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
owners for years; fullest Investigation so-
licited. See R. G. WILKE. 26 V, Kearny st.
A — $3000; GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment in Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 and a flrst-class paying business;
other investments only cause of sale. See
R, G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st .
A— $1200; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4V£ barrels
per day; daily sales $45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
Urge stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in sight: a splendid offer. See It.
G. WILKE. 26VJ Kearny Bt.
A— $500; BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; daily receipts about J10;
choicest location in the Mission. See K. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2200; SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth 6t.. Market an4 Stockton;
place cpeaks for itself; all particulars. R.
G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny 8t.
A— $1500; GROCERY and* bar. with 16 fur-
nished rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $65; a
business where man and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 2G^ Kearny st.
A— $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
et.; rent $40; lease; 3 horses. 0 wagons; busi-
ness estab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 20',^ Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and 1'owell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chophouses $350 to $1000
Candy and ice cream parlors... $2W to $'J5lK)
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands . , $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons .-...$3oO to $l<»,000
Restaurants $35O to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores J3C0 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $0000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $200 to $1000
FOR sale— Beautiful mountain resort, less than
30 minutes' ride from depot of best interior
city in State; less than 3 hours' ride from
Ban Francisco; 20 acres land; 36-room furn.
hotel, with barns, sheds, etc. ; 3 years' lease;
can get longer;, rental $500 per year; horses,
burcies, 2 cows; bar well equipped; billiard
table, piano; raises own fruit, vegetables,
hay, chickens, etc.; big money to be made;
price $2500; account death. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine: fine prospect;
located in Cal.; essays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg-house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candles; established 8
years; clears over $200 per month; will ln-
volce about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch— Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; well
located; clearing $300 per month; first-class
proposition; will stand strict investigation ;
price $3000. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
PACIFIC REALTY COMYANY, 209 Kearny St..
room 1; several fln» business chances to offer:
Candy store; big stock; well patronized; price.
$SO0; rent $30; biggest bargain ever offered.
Corner cigar Etand; rent $25; price, $175.
Corner cigar stand: big trade; price, $1300.
Branch bakery: daily receipts $10; price. $200.
Delicacy store: rent $20; bargain; price. $200.
Restaurant and chophouse; bargain; price. $700.
Partner to attend counter and take cash in res-
taurant; small capital required: fine chance.
P.oom!rg-hou.«e; Market st. ; fine location;
clears $.150 mo.; long lea&e; 20 rms.; elegant
carpets and furniture; price reduced to $2300.
THE MUTUAL INVESTMENT CO..
467 PARROTT BUILDING.
T*ie following are a few of our bargains
that must go:
Elegant new rooming-house, 6 floors. .$15,000
Fine Faloon and cigar etand 1,400
Swell saloon and fixtures 750
Central cigar Ftand «00
Tea store — a snap 900
Ladies' tailoring, good trade 1.500
Candy factory — money maker. ........ 2.200
Grocery — good business 1, 500
Massage baths, cheap COO
THE MUTUAL INVESTMENT CO.,
fe55 MARKET STREET. •
A TRY KREDO & CO A
765 MARKET ST. SUCCESSFUL AGENTS
A— $300; CORNER cigar stand, transfer point.
$175; wood, coal and expressing business.
$400: B. bakery, books, notions, etc.
$10*0; restaurant and delicatessen.
$700; saloon; sickness cause sacrifice.
$3000; roadhouse; Butte Co.; realty Included.
A— $000; PAYING fruit stand; cash business!
flne location: receipts $20 daily; horse,
wagon, fixtures. KREDO & CO., 705 Market.
WE are establishing a department store In
Los Angeles, located in the center of the
Intelligent middle classes, mechanics and la-
boring p«H)ple. and willing to negotiate with
merchants desiring to take space; rare op-
portunity for dry goods, notions, clothing,
ehoes. china and crockery, cloaks and suits,
stationery, carpets and drapery. CALIFOR-
NIA GENERAL MERCANTILE COMPANY.
222 Franklin St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
A DELICACY and branch bakfery; one of the
best propositions In the city; established four
yoars; 4 furnished living rooms; only $500.
fcKIRM. C Ed-iy st., room 72.
BARBERS, attention! Fine downtown shop, 4
chair?: Al business; only $:;00; 10 others.
SKIKM. 6 Eddy st.. room 72.
AUTOMOBILE — Partner wanted; Join adver-
tlser in opening showroom, storage and re-
pair depot; have finest agencies; want part-
ner, mechanical ability, able devote entire
time: must also Invest $2500 cash, be used in
business: equal investment upon advertiser's
part; triflers need not apply. Box 2125, Call.
FINE grocery and bar. corner north of Market,
long leaEe, low rent. $2500, part cash; corner
saloon, on water front, $1100; paying brewery
business, $2."»00. or will sell part; paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for rale and exchange. EITEL &
_ CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
WANTED— A partner with $500 in a manufac-
turlng business; articles of everyday use;
Fame trade supplied each day; the profits
are 100 per cent, but it requires two per-
sons to run the business. Address box 2580.
Call offlce.
ADVERTISEMENTS WRITTEN, circulars,
. public notices, pamphlets prepared; consult
R. J. VCHIRMAN. expert ad.: writer, room
i 720. Emma. Spreckels building.
WHOLESALE district; no. night or Sunday
work; cigar store, must be sold on account of
sickness in family; no agents. See proprietor
at 324 Clay St., corner Battery.
ni'KINEHS proportion; will bear investigation;
$500 can rlear $150 monthly; see this at once
J. E. TETLOW. 850 Market St.. room 14.
DELICATESSEN store near Pa-k. In .a good
business location; living rooms; rent $27 50;
will sell for $S50. Box 2552. Call offlce.
GROCERY and liquors in Western Addition for
sale, reasonable; stock in flrst-class «hape.
Box 2C09. Call offlce.
SHOE shop. 309 Turk st., for sale at low price
on account of leaving.
FOR sale — Cheap; blacksmith shop, doing good
business. Corner Fell and Gough sts.
GENTLEMAN wanted— Buy a chiropodist par-
lcr. Box 2431. Call offlce. t:.
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap. . 3127
Buchanan st. j .
A GOOD situation for a man with come cash-,
good security. Box 2427, Call offlce.
WILL, buy 'a good business, cheap, for cash;
what have you? Box 24 2S, Call offlce.
FOR Bale — Chophouse; $500; part cash, balance
on easy terms. Box 2436, Call office.
SHOE repairing - shop for sale; cheap. Ill
Albion ave. ¦ , :,
WANTED — A saloon In good location: state
1 price asked. ¦ Box 2305. Call offlce.
FOR nsle^ — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works. -'Box 2801. Call. .
WANTED — A rood salesman. Room 218, Em-
ma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st
nUSIXESS^^ CHANCES-— Continued.
A— $100~REWARD
will bs paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who ' Invested
any money In our company. : ¦ - ¦
GERMAXIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock. $50,000.
P2T Market st. ; rooms 321. 322, 323, 324.
'HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern: 80- rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy: large din-
ing-room with l(j tables and Imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpet* money can boy
throughout; finest linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years' lease: $10,000: easy terms.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO., 827 Market st.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services Becure Interest and
offlce of treasurer In an incorporated realty
und Investment company: $150 montn:y as-
Fured: hlehest references.
CERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A^ 2 PKR CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
rich-qulck" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years In S. F.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO., 027 Markst Bt.
THK UEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold '.stock of the Norton Bay
Co. $25; will be worth $200 by August, 1004.
GFRMANIA INVEST. CO.. a27 Mark't ft.
LOOGIKG-HOUSES FOR SALES.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotel* and
all kinds of business chances.
S6 rooms; corner; rent only $500; best down-
town house In city; electric elevator; well fur-
niehed: guaranteed to clear $400 to $500 per
month: books open for inspection; everything
in flrst-class shape; on account other business.
".-room flat: rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms* rent $400; elegant new bulftlng;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
Ing jfCCO per month; every room fuil: will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
. 19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
106 rooms; cheap rent; flrst-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; going East.
S rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished; oak
furniture; Axminster carpets; beautiful flat.
Ifl2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment- house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern buildine; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S p«r cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
$C0O down, balance 1% per cent; One buy; only
$1250.
126 rooms: rent only $4 oer room: new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month: one of the best buys in the city.
S-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
"126 rooms; fine downtown corner hou^e; pri-
vate haths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture; brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $800.
9-room. new. modern flat; 4 months; elegant-
ly furnished; cost over $1SOO; a bargain; sick-
ness.
90 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; high-class location: beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill in
connection; best proposition in city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping; clears
$50; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house: luxuriously furnished; 6-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
Ing $400 to $600 per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 rooms; rent $95; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
11 rooms; rent $40; close In; oak, cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
4C rooms; rent only $63; well located hotel
south of Market: fine bar., well stocked; brick
building: electric lights; everything good con-
dition; cart cash, balance time; price S25O0:
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
25 moms; rent $140: hot and cold water; part
housekeeping; all full; clears $150 per month;
well furnished; leaving city; gift; $1200.
50 rooms; new: modern apartment-house: 10-
yenr lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very cer.traj; flrst-class proposition.
71 rooms; new, modern building; in
one of the best eltlts in Southern California;
electric lights: hot and cold water; everything
up to .'.ate; 9-year lease; rent only $200; clear-
ing $2EO to $3C0 per month; owner sick abed.
23 rooms; well furnished; first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks off Market; 5-year lease;
clearing over $100: good buy for some one.
3." rooms; rent only $150i; close In: thorough-
ly renovated, put In flrst-lrlass condition; can
be run transient If desired; clears now $185
per month; part cash, balance time; good
money-maker.
14 rcoms; cheap rent; furnished In oak; Ax-
mlnst*r ar.d Brussels carpets; new; half cash,
balance long time; make offer; departure.
31 rooms: rent $110; all light rooms; clear-
ing ov*r $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $800
to get in; must leave city at once; price $1300.
21 rooms, well furnished; fine little down-
town transient house; clearing $100 per month;
obliged to leave the city; $1700.
20 rooms: cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture: Moquet carpets; good lease; clearing $125
per month: part cash, balance time.
17 rcoms; rent only $75: Ellis; oak furni-
ture; ijood carpets; clears $60; leaves 3 rooms
for landlady; Pne opportunity to get good house
reasonable. ,
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bulldlntt, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methoda In fine front offices.
Phone Black ."CO", or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-dat(r title abstract free with every iale.
We do business strictly according to law.
SPECIAL NO. 1. '
CORNER flat. 8 rooms; rent $30; 5 rooms
rented for $52; splendid bathroom; new porce-
lain bathtub; price only $450; $150 down, j
* SPECIAL NO. 2. ~~~~~~~
ELEGANT, new, modern downtown house
of 60 rooms; hot, and cold water: electric ele-
vator; eURm heat: In splendid neighborhood:
the. furnishings are of the best, consisting of
oak, enameled iron and brass beds, Brussels
and Ax minister carpets and elegant hangings;
lease for 8 years; clears $400 a month; suit-
able terms.
™ ~ SPECIAL NO. 3. ~~ r "
BEST furnished 30-room houa» In this city.
BEST lald-out ."0-room house In this city.
NEW building; central; 3-year lease.
HOUSE now clears about $200 month.
~~~ SPECIALS NOS. 6 AND 7. ~~
21 rooms for sale because of family .troubles;
worth $1*00; will sell for $1300; low rent;
clears $75 month, which can be creatly In-
creased; roomers all mechanic*, coed, honest
people; mortgage ($000)' may j-emain.
SPECIALS NOS. 8 AND 9. . .
HERE'S YOUR CHANCE If you act quickly.
NEW. MODERN house of 45 rooms.
NEW FURNITURE, In good location.
LEASE for 6 years at a low rental. •
ROOMING-HOUSE full of nice people.
ALL you need to pay down is $1200.
NO. 9. . •-,.¦¦
NOW is your opportunity (If taken advantage
of at once) to purchase one of the finest, •100-
room aDartmcnt-houses in San Francisco; the
price Ii nominal for such a house; exception-
ally well located: . beautifully furnished
throughout; long lease at $5. per •room; the
very best bargain, which we will prove to you
if you will investigate. . '
SPECIAL NO. 10..'- -
20 ROOMS. $650; rent $40; electric lights in
all rooms; lease if desired; north at Market.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406. Hearst bldg.
SPECIAL NO. 11.
12 ROOMS, NB. CORNER, north of Market;
rent $40; fine location; 9 rooms nicely fur-
nished- and 3 rooms rented unfurnished: price
cut to $501). % cash.'
MARION GRIFFIN,: rm. 406, Examiner bldg.
SPECIAL NO. 15. '
275 PER MONTH : Income over rent; large
house; central: price $3500; % cash and little
monthly Installments; furnlshlnjts in good or-
der: it's A No 1 for you if "you have $1750 in
cash. ¦ ?'••¦• ¦ ' ' " : ¦;--«•-.'..
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406, Examiner bldg.
A»-$10O0; house of 30 rooms, 37 beds; rent $100.
leas* r>f 4 years; good furniture: rooms always
occupied. See R. O. WILKIE. 20% Kcarny st.
i SNAP — Lodging-house, 100 ' rooms; ¦- furniture
I new; this week only, at 24 Turk at. ;
TIJFHF XHP TLJAI IQ \ M'fVC W/TTFTIK^ TA Ql IHHI ¦ \/ \IC\ IH
H \<\ AM "vJli^ANJ^ WA Nv \\) M kkLY YUUk
Tn/rvri Tnnvri innvn
TRAYS! ,•••• TRAYS! *•¦. TRAYS!
FREE TO CLASSIFIED ADVERTISERS
\ ¦
¦ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL :
USEFUL HOUSEHOLD GIFTS
YOUR CHOICE OF EITHER A TABLE TRAY OR A
BREAD TRAY.
Corinthian Engraved Nickel Trays— Assorted Designs.
Oval Corinthian Engraved Nickel Bread Trays.
The above trays are solid nickel -plated white metal with artistically engraved centers, highly pol-
ished and beautifully embossed rims.
This offer remains open Thursday, Friday and until 11 p. m. Saturday
\ • evening, after which hour it will be absolutely impossible to secure one of
these useful trays. . . . - x
ONE OF THESE GIFTS CAN BE SECURED BY PLACING A
WANT AD. IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALIi, AND IN NO OTHER WAY
CAN ONE BE OBTAINED.
'- ¦ TELL YOUR WANTS :
•* DSf NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL *
And you will be speaking direct, to OVER 85,000 REGULAR
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising medium.
It is safe to fiRure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to
•55iOOO PERSONS, most of whom are home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable class of oar
i community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares.
Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY fbr insertion in NEXT Sna-
.da^s CalL
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year. —
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
627 Montgomery straet. corner Clay; open until 9:S0 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
63!) McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
616 Larkin street; openiintil 9:30 p. m. \
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.'
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street"; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: -
J14S Center Street .Telephone North 77
, . ' ALAMEDA OFFICE:
.Schneider's Book Store........ Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1004.
13
HELP WAXTED — HALE — Continued.
WANTED — A sober, industrious young man,
German preferred, to take charge of delivery
wagon and act as city agent for a wholesale
liquor house; must state former occupation
and furnish a bond for a reasonable amount.
Address box 2430, Call office.
WANTED — Coachman who thoroughly under-
stands his business; must be capable of
taking charge of stable and have unquestion-
able references as to ability and character.
Address fully, stating salary expected. Box
242U. Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or main charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
BARBERS — 3-chair shop for sale In good loca-
tlon. 607 Laguna st.. near Hayes.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole-makers on vests
Apply 230H Ninth st., opposite Clementina.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition in S; F.
Barber School. 741 Howard st.
Pension Atty., E. A. Bullis, r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— -700 rooms; 35c night; ..reading - rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and f rom *' ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market et., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan _ Church st».
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission et.. bet 1st and 1M ets.
GET your shoe* half-soled while, watting: 23e
" ta 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HEiP^W AHTED— SAX ESM_H._
SALESMAN wanted to sell patent article,
also Slate and county, with right- to manu-
facture; nrinclpal feature an excellent ad-
vertising medium; big money fcr a man of
genuine ability. Address P. O. box 114,
South Berkeley.
WE want four bright canvassers to learn to
sell White sewing machines; salary and pre-
mium to live men. -Apply from S to 9 a. m.
and 5 to (! p. m. at 300 Post St., White Sew-
ing Machine Company.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
REGULAR auction stiles of horses, buggies,
wagons and harness every '-Monday..- at 11
o'clock at 613 Ellis st.: all horses guaran-
teed be as represented. 3. AV ATKINS.
Auctioneer.- Phone East 743. , ' ... -, .
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth st.. every horse must be-
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
WANTED — A good, sound horse and wagon,
suitable for delivery: state age and weight
of horse and condition of wagon. Box 2602,
Call office. - - ¦ : ~-
O.N'E 4-tQn platfoim. gear springs and wheels
and axles; 2<» business buggies; rubber tire
read buggies and surrey. 1504 Folsom st. "
FOR tale — Handsome, fast riding pony. D
LIEGINGER. Devisadero and Fulton sts.
GOOD pasture wanted for 2 horsea. Box 2906.
Call office. . .
AUCTION every Tuesday. 11 a. m. of nVrses.
.wagons and harness, at 1140 Folsom st.
AI EXPRESS wagon, llrht camping wagon,
and CD-cart for sal? cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
r«*y. harries w.Tvork.drlvinghorses. 15th- Valencia
BOUSES TO LET. ~~~
A— PRINTED llet 9t houses to let: ser.d for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery
ON Bussisn Hill, one block from cars, magnifi-
cent view;. large garden: billiard table an.l
modern conveniences: eight rooms and bath.
Apply to MISS HAMILTON, 1513 Washing-
ton st.
MCALLISTER. 12C9— 12 rooms, bath and bll-
llard-room; $60; water free; modern.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to !et. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
A SPLENDID location; 19 rooms; nicely fur-
nlshed; bargain. 1555 Octavia st..cor.Sutter.
HOUSES FURMSHED-i-FOR SALE.
$650; MUST sell to-day; parties going away;
8-roomed bouse; new furniture. 1009 Sut-
ter st.
INVESTMENTS.
A— 2 PER CEXT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
rlch-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab 3 years In S F
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st. *
BONDS. STCCK8 AND MORTGAGES.
All dividend-paying sec-rities for sale.
OF.P.MANIA INVEST CO.. f>2? Market ft.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of MARGARET A. CONNELLY. No.
215-1141. The finder will please return ta
bank.
LOST — One liver and white pointer dog: li-
cense tacs of San Francisco and Salt Lake
. City on collar. Reward,' R. C. DALTON, 531
Sutter st-
LOST — On Wednesday night, large white
pointer <log, spotted; $10 reward for Immedi-
ate return. 2607 Flllmore Bt.
LOST — Gray leather bag containing purse, 4
rings, check and papers. Reward, C. L.
WHITE, 207 Crocker building.
LOST — White bulldog; ears clipped; D. W.
Earl on collar; reward. 2121 Laguna st.
GREAT Cane dog. light brindle color,, hind
foot sore: reward. 348 Tenth at.
?LOST— Fox terrier dog pup; child's pet. 1S05
Ellis st.; liberal reward. j| .
_ MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure j and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees: 17 years' experience In all
female disorders; call or write without delay;
advice free; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for alj female
complaints arid Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 626 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008% Market St., opp. 5th,
DR. G. W. O"DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaipts; positively 'corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
A DESTITUTE women's friend; free secluded
home during confinement; also housekeeping
rooms: Infants adopted In gcod homes.
• MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 8th St., Alameda.
Drs. Gocdwln, 733 Turk, nr.' Van Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 23 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. Ills Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
- confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. anl MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1120 Market Bt.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.'
MIXES AMD MIXING
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August, 1004.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
MISCELLAXEOUS-- FOR SALE. -
BOILERS, engines. 2<3- hand machinery. McfN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~~7
Repair it with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, . etc.'i etc., bought." sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A — FINE suits, $7 CO; dress pants, $2 50.~Origl-
nal Misfit Clothing ; Parlors, 23S Kearny st.,
near Bush; opeit to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rent* gear machinery," en-
gines, boiler*, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
etc WHITELAW. 253-203 Spear st. .
TWO thoroughbred mares; pedigrees furnished*
must be sold at once.--B. SCHROYERS, 1523
¦ Howard st. - ¦ '¦-¦¦. •.--.-¦; - ,-f •. .._¦¦
A SINOER sewing machine for shoemaker. 11
City ; Hall . ave. * ...
A COAL oil cooking- stove wtb 3 burners. 11
City Hall ave. . -.-.; :- t
EMri^lY^IEXTVVAVrED— -W ALE.
RTLIaSlE. etcady your.g; man wishes sltua-
iKn for half days: no Jan'tor wcrk: refer-
«nte. Address U. E. H., 1522 Railroad ave..
Alameda. .
WANTED — A position by a first-class tool-
maker and machinist; good at repairing and
all kinds of pipe wcrk; city or country. Box
2440, Cali office.
YOUNG Spanish man. epeaks no English,
wishes situation as porter in hotel or general
work, cr around prixate place. Box 2445.
Call office.
TKE g-eat modern cutter and fitter wishes a
P*;ucn a* a tailor: 14 years' experience; in
i-ountry or city. 430 Natoma St., city.
ELDERLY, reliable man wishes easy occupa-
tion of any kind, city or country; small
vages; good home. Bcx 2444. Call office.
ENGINEER desires position, either steam, gas-
< line, electric or refrigerating; references
civen. Addicts bcx 241B. Call office.
1>ARI'ER. first-class, strictly sober, wants
- srt-ady position, city or country; etate terms.
A. S11CLTON, IOCS Mission Bt.
A GARDENER, orchardiat; experienced In any
branch; private grounds: floral, vegetables:
<-urir-g of dried fruits: vlnee; pruning, graft-
i:i#r; tfairy work: reference*. Addrem J. W.,
bcx 24.'s2. Call effice.
TOCJfO man wants position in office; has little
knowledge of shorthand and bookkeeping; po
«xperience. Apply W. SCHMIDT. First and
Harrison ets.
A TRUSTWORTHY man. 38. wants position as
r.ight waicnmac; can furnish references. Ad-
diesf J. B.. 706 Folsom st.
SITUATION wanted as bookkeeper or shipping
clerk; best of references; Kngllsh or German
correspondence. Box 2423, Call office.
A PRACTICAL gardener wishes situation on
private place; single; references. Address
473 Seventh Ft.. Oakland.
ENGINEER deyires position, either steam,
gasoline, electric or refrigerating. Address
bcx 2416. Call office.
CANADIAN clerk detires posittcn In first-class
liquor stcre; capable of taking charge; best of
references. Apply box 2*19. Call office. ;
YOUNG married man. good habits, wants po-
fition ia Stock Exchange with opportunity
of learning business. Address box 2236. Call.
TOI_"NG man would like position around saddle
horses; has experience. Box 2421. Call office.
F1RST-CLAFS ledger m«n desires position ; best
of reference*. Box 2420, Call office.
HOTEL ciertc wishes • position day or Right.
Box 21.1T-. Call.
CHIROPODIST — First-clas*: wants position
etate saUx-y. Addrees Doctor. 1525 Powell st.
PIPE fitter, machine operator and <2ie_aker.
Its fix— st.. city.
A LAUNDRYMAN < Japanese) wants a posi-
tion in family; very han-iy. Box 2441, Call.
G«X)D Jatanepe bey want* position as school-
boy. 1. T. H.. 110 Golden Gate ave.
A NICE Japanese boy wants a position as
.'ishwEsher in hotel cr boarding-house: f peaks
Er.srMsh very well. Address GEORGE, 62S
Stfxfnson st. ; phen* Mir.t 3241.
JATANKPE — Honest boy; speaks English:
wants a position as echoclboy. G. N., 1225
Devlsadoro St.: tel. Scott 64S.
YOUNG Chinese would like a situation as cook:
vap«rs J..5 to $40. Address R. SING. 7
Brerham place.
FINANCIAL.
4', PER CENT
Is paid en crdirsary savings accounts, end 1
per cent on term acoour.ts by the PhGenix
J-'avincs B. and L. Association, 51« •""allfornla
Ft. A. A. Watkins, resident: Charles RT
BaStop. vice rreyMent: S. Prentiss Smith.
treasurer; Clarence Crsr.ge. secretary and
managing director; Gavin McNab, attorney:
<ie<>ree C. IJoardmaa an<3 Charles E. Ladd.
<J!r»t-tor5: Walter K. Smith, cashier.
Fur-scribed capital. $S. 000. 000: raid in capi-
tal. $1,000,000; TT**rve fund. ?2«n,0<V>.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stoc.<
RauJ. W. H. TJITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
r.ar.clal Arfr.t. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FEATHER RENOVATING.
EY new. hra'thful prrx'ess. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 32j Van ,\>« ave. ; tel. Howard 31«J7.
FLATS TO LKT. _*
A — HOUSES and fiajs to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take aivar.tagtr of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-229 Geary
et., on the square.
A LL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in cur renting department; let us give
you a !i« a£d h»lp you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURXITURE
COMPANY. 1UK) Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
f=TEIN"ER. I52-SM— Two bfautirui, sur.r.y fUits,
•• rocins, rent rrasmable.
FLAT of T. rocms and bath: *27 50. Southeast
corner of O'Farrell and Hollis Ft*.
MODERN Bat d 3 sunny rooms. 0S7 Sanchez
street.
A NEW 7-room flat; latert improvernrnts;
rr-arly f.-.'.fr>d. MMen Ft., bet. g*.d an<1 24th.
FlKMTtUE gUK SALE.
MISSION Au<~tion Houfe — For stoves, furniture
and household goculs. 403 Valercia. cor. I5th. ;
FURNITURE of 7 rootns for sa!<?: must sell
by March T>. Box 2!*C4, Call office.
FritNITLHE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4402^
buy*, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
r.URI). au.-a?neer.lMS Mkt.: tel.Howard l'75«i
" HELP "ANTED FEMALE.
COOK for six dercymea VK)
Cook, no was-hing, city ,.$Xi
3 cooks. German style $30-$.t5
Cook. MrtsII d«liC£tee**>n J10 week
* 3 second girls, city $25
Second girl and maitrms. Fausalito $25
Nun* rirl. 2 frown children *25
<"hambertr.al<l. city $20
Infant nuix- and seamstress $^5
Laundress, 4 day* week $:S0
Woman with a <hild for ranch $20
Houst-mork. no washing. Alameda K>0
55 general housework girls, city and coun-
try ?20-$25-$3a.
Ai ply to J. F. CROSETT * CO.. :i?.i Kutter.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressinr.
¦. manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guartn-
teed at JI0 per week up; leading. school In
West. _3 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls tr> learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both geaaens taught from start to finish
in 1 month for ?15; positions as trimmers
raieeladie*, f tc, ru&ranteed «t $lo per wk up-
day awl evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.'
A— LADIES to learn a!: branches hllrdressing
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 01 ; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve. class; call.
WANTED— Fin»t~ela*s millinery uleswoman*
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at H \LE
BROS'. ¦: .•- '
WANTED — Experienr-ed Jacket alteration hand
Apply between a and 11 a. m. at HALE
DUOS'.
WANTED — Experienced stenographer; one who
Is familiar with the Smith-Pr«-mIer type-
writer Aprly between 0 and 11 a. m st
HALE BROS'. ¦ -.-
WANTED — An e-xperienced saleslady for lace
«u«l neckwear department. Call at STRAUSS
& FftOHMAN'S. 107 Post St.
WANTED— Girl for jiialn cooking and house-
work; small family; $25. Call morning, 202;
P.roderick «t.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' waists. 650 MIs-
tion st.. third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladies' underwear. 658
Mission et.. third floor.
A— OPERATORS on children's wash suits;
•rood pay. C5« Mission St.. third floor.
WANTED— Flrst-claes makers for milliner}'.
Apply 2344 Mission n.
WANTED — Apr.-rentic_ Tor millinery 723
Hark«-t *t.
YOUNG cirl to keep Infant outdoor s; must
sleep home. 190. Broadway, near Octavia.
PERMANENT position to good solicitor for
• city work. 512 etarr King Bldg.; 10 to 5 p. m.
A YOUNG woman, rood cook, no other- no
washing; $7 r>er week. 432 Capp «t. '
A MIDDLE-AGED woman as working house-
keepor. 120 Eleventh tt.. top floor, left.
WASTED — Girl to do general housework, as-
rlst In cooking; wages $15. ESO Haight St..
TTFESETTER wanted at 516 Commercial et.
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
-ccntracts with " leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on installments cheaper than
others do fcr ecsh. LEON LEMOS, merchant
tailor. 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 406 Geary.
THE £tar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm-
< proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
- and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp \ax druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133SPolk
THE infallible system; the only copyrighted
successful method of keeping ahead of the
races; good forever: price. $1. Sold only by
PITTS, IPOS Market st. ¦
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist. from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 201 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
8OCIAL dances Wed., Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mcndays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
_ School of Dancing. 1550 Market, nr. Larkln.
il. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, shows
the work that Is the Important Item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 7SI O'Farrell.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1373 Waller; consultation free; call or write.
*
HAIR grown pray restored: pimples, wrinkles,
all blemishes removed: shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14.
AT less than cost, uncalted for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
TaKor. 721 Market st.
CITY directory man who called at 463 Hill st.,
Please call again.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 72a Market.
FANCY embroidery work done by Swiss lady.
Orders taken at 13C9 Stockton st. .
LIQUOR habit cured In two days or no charge.
ACME LIQUOR CURE CO.. 037 Market st.
J. W. SPARROW. Jeweler, formerly of 107
Geary st.. has moved to 213 Post st.
Actlna restores test eyeslght-.cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eatrn. electric needle specialist. 360 Sut-
ter..r. COO. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary. rooA 38.
Bon Marcl.e Pants Co.; snectal $5 pants to or-
,der. Roomfc 14 tt 18. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair * moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers. 1170 Mkt.
TAILOR-MATJE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 5o!
Misfit Clctliing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
¦ hair to Its natural color. $1; at all druggists'.
PAPEHI1AXCI.\G. PAIXTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $1 up: tinting. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. :n» Third: tel. Main 4i:i,
PHYSICIAN'S AND SURGEON'S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence!
1021 H Market «t.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL." 1073^ Market St. '
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herd doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
jCated at 607 Geary st.. near Learenworth.
DR. TONG PO CUT, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herb3 and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE corner Geary and Taylor nts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74C-S Clay st.
I'ROI'USAJ.8.
SAN FRANCISCO, CaTi~Marcli 4! 19oT—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
reived at this office until 11 a. m.. Monday.
April 4. 1004. and then opened for "Doing
all the printing and furnishing all material
theretor that may be required at Headquar-
ters Pacific Division and Headquarters De-
partment of California during the fiscal year
I ending June 3<>. 19i>5. Preference will be
Zivezi to articles of domestic production or
. manufacture, conditions of quality ind price
(Including In the price of foreign produc-
tions or manufacture the duty thereon), be-
ing equal. The United States reserves the
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
In whole or tn part. Information furnished
on application to undersigned.
containing proposals should be marked
"Proposals for Printing." and au\lrrv$»ed to
WM. S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster
General. V. S. A.. Chief Quartermaster.
BTORA«E AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage A- Van Co.. furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant lbl.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Pest and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'8 storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; Phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. 810
Mission st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
' pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS A.\D SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st
A FEW'good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 5OS Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN- FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 3th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Mnrket st., opposite Third —
For the half year ending 31st of December,
1903, a dlvtdend has/ been declared at the
rate per annum of {12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY, January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD, Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant PowderCompany
(Con.)— A dividend. No. 63, of fifty cents
(50c) per share on the issued capital stock of
. tbe company has been declared, payable at
the office of the company, rooms 202, 204 and
206, - Hay ward building. San Francisco, on'
March^lO, 1904. Transfer books close March
• 3. 1004. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1200— COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath; lot 27H
xl37%. Call S60 Grove St., San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$4700 — A GREAT bargain; house 17 rooms; all
furnished: rents for $70 per month; all in fine
condition; 2 blocks from Key Route station;
'fine flower: garden; lot £0x133; street work
complete; old age only reason for selling.
P. O. box 114, South Berkeley.
$725 — 3-ROOM cottage. 1 block from car line:
lot .30x100; easy terms; situated at 10US
Grayson St.. West Berke!ev.
- MORAN _ SWAIN, 2131 Shaituck ave.,
opp. ~ Berkeley station.
A. MURDOCK & CO., South Berkeley station.
I for bargains; we build, buj\ sell or exchange.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
yUUITVALE RRAi; KSTATE.
4 ACRKS, near Frultvale and car line; halt tn
' orchard: large - 5-rcom cottage and attic:
windmill. t»nUho'3?e. ¦ barn., carriage hou.c
and stable: $0oC0; half cash.. ¦ SYNDICATE
INVESTMENT- CO.. Frultvale station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HKAL KSTATE.
A SPECIAL-BARGAIN.
A fine lot on Thirty-fifth St., 57x144: on the
north side of the street. 1 Apply to P. C. LAS-
SPIN, 408 Tenth St.. Oakland. . ¦
OXlCLAyP^JFURXITyRiB -yOH. l _gALE.
TO-MORROW l ."theTday Tw^a^galns^ln^fuirnT
¦£„', lure. H. Schelhaas, 11th St., cor.store, Oakland.
HELP WASTED-- FEMALE— Con.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON COTTON-
ADE PANTS. STANDARD FACTORY.
. COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
WANTED— Good girl to take caxe of 2 grown
children and do upstairs work; references.
Apply 9 to 12 a. m.. 2900 Jackson st.
TWO experienced saleswomen for suit depart-
ment; nr_.t be thoroughly competent. Ap-
ply between 9 and 10 a. m.. C. CURTIN.
SU and »13 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers, ladles' waists, etc.;
work sent; carfare paid. H. FREIDLAN-
DER, 33S Fell st.
NEAT young German or Swiss girl to assist
in light housework; small family; good home.
445 Waller ft. .
GIRL for light housework; flat; two In family.
Call early. 1531A Lombard st.
LADY, aged 50 or CO. able to help about house,
can find good home at 61S& Filbert St.
A VI. ST operator: steady work; good wages.
Apply S. N. WOOD _ CO.. 27 Geary st.
A BRANCH of flee- of The Call for tbe reception
of. advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market tt.. opposite Fifth.
Open ontll U p. m.
HELP WAXTED — MA^_.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main &»48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Open«7 a. m. \
NEVADA. $3. NEVADA.
TO NEVADA STATE.
8 Hrs. Day — Government Work— 8 Hrs. Day.
$3— That's All.
25 teamsters, ship to-night, $2 day.-''
10 laborers, ship to-night.
Rockmen drillers: irrigation ditch.
NEVADA STATE.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
$3— That's All— SHIP TO-NIGHT.
TO THE
MINES. .»•
2 miners, shaft work, south, 8 hours, $3 day;
ti machine miners, gold mine. $30; 5 hand
miners, gold mine. $S2 50; electrician, mine,
see bos* here. $1U5; concentrator man. $90;
rock breaker. $75; skip tender, $2 75 day; 2
tlmbermen. $90.
TO ARIZONA.
SHIP TO-NIGHT.
Close to Preseott — 910 miles — $9 10.
500 laborers, drillers rockmen. etc.
PRESCOTT— ARIZONA— SHIP DAILY.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Cook and wife for mine, ste boss here. $50:
farmer and wife, good Job. south. $45 and
found; farmer and wife, fare $1 25, see boss
here. $45 and found: milker and wife, Sono-
ma County, small place; lather, near city.
$2 50 per thousand; married gardener. $40
and house; butcher, shop, north, fare paid,
eee boss here. $40 and found; mllk»r. fare
paid. $30 and found; bedmaker. $25 and
:' found; 3 elevator boys, city: cooks, waiters,
kitchen hands and dishwashers; 25 farmers,
milkers and choremen.
Open 7 a. m.
MURRAY & READY. M.S4-036 Clay st.
A GANG of 25 or 30 Greeks. Italians. Aus-
trian.-! or Russians for R. R. work.
MURRAY & READY. t34-C3« Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Phone Grant 185.
Porter, country hotel, free fare $3<»
Pantryman, icl vegetables, same place. $25
Head pantryman, city |IO
Waffleman. country hotel, free fare....ii5
Second cook, fry cook, cafe, north, fare
paid $-*V-?13 «e.»k
Second cook, country hotel. M.I
«.'ock, small country hotel $:>5
Help hall waiter, assist pantry >Z'l X>)
Fireman, country hotel, used to firing
with oil $30 found
C. R. HAX8SEN 6: OQ-. 429 Bush St.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOY— ENT~AGENCY] "
Z'M — Montgomery St.— -i'M
• Phone Main 1191 — Upstairs. .
NEVADA. § HOURS. NEVADA.
Government Wcrk. Call Early.
$3 FARE. FARE $3.
This Sr^cial Cheap Fare for To-day Only, $3.
FEE $1.
50 teamsters, 2 and 4 horse teams; laborers
and rookmen. Ship to-night.
NEVADA. $3 FARE. » NEVADA.
Carpenters; 2 cooks; second cook.
AT THE CAL. EMpT AGENCY^
14 Third st. Phone Bush 405.
Special to-day — $4.
State of Nevada $4.
20 teamsters and laborers, $2; $4 fare; no
fee.
Government job— 3 hours.
5 house carr-enters. $3 a day, 8 hours; man
and wife, ranch; man to drive team, chore;
wife to cook for 10 m»n; $50 and board; &e<
boss fcere.
TIMBER faller. $05 and found: Portuguese
milker. %'¦''> and found; harness-maker, S2 and
$2 5f> day: man and wife, private family, $50
and found: night rtx>k. $.%O; dishwasher, $25;
elevator boy*, restaurant porter and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento St.
WANTED — For V. S. army. aDle-bodied un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 15;
citizens of United States, of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak. T+m&
ar«^ write Ensrli?h. For information apply ta
Recruitins Officer. Rlalto building. New
Montgomery St.. San Francisco, or 1028 Sec-
ond £t.. £acrarr»-nto
A— L U L
Mfn to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full-
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 0^5 Clay st.
WANTED — Office boy for law office; must be
bright, energetic and over 13 years of age.
Address in own handwriting, stating age,
box 21X3, Call effice.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room" 14.
filth floor. 305 Larkln st., for free information
as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; da/
or evenlnrs.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 SO per pair, foot-form shoes at ?2 5O or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best sho«--s on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from. Market.
OFFICE boy— A bright, clean boy, about 13
years old. to make himself useful. EAST-
MAN KODAK CO., C43 Market St.
WANTED — Bootblack at The Berkeley, first
clafs only; better than best wages." East
Berkeler.
EXPERIENCED crockery man wanted for
salesman and floor; state experience, salary
expected. Address box 2451, Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesman for draperies and
curtains wanted; state experience ar.<1 salary
cxreetwl. Address box 2451. Call office.
BRIGHT younr man wanted. Apply Western
Pneumatic Horse Collar Com;-ar.y, 617-H19
Sans.ome st.. city.
BOY wanted. GREENBERG & GREEN-
BERG. 31-37 Grant ave.
A GOOD plumber's helper. CHAS. MEEHAN
51 SON, 042 Sacramento st.
CANVASSERS ttelllng any article can add
handsomely to their Income. Box 2450, Call.
GOOD wood turner wanted. GEO. W.
KNEASS. C18 Third st.
WANTED — A shoemaker for repairing shoes.
235 Scott st.
NICE, clean office boy wanted. Apply super-
intendent's office. The Emporium.
YOUNG men. sailors and green hands for
Fteamers. 517 Jackson st.
WANTED — Young man from 18 to 20 years of
age for office work. Apply bet. 0 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
BARBERS, take notice — The office of secre
ury and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 0 City Hall sq.. or l">04 Market St.
Journeymen Barbers' Union, Local 148. JOS.
R. BLEILY. Secretary.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade in 8 weeks for $15^ under competent
teacher. Western College of Barbers, 647
Commercial Bt., San Francisco.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to GOc per night.
ISO TOL'KG men. 18 years of age. to organize
military organ 1 ration. Call S. SZANIK. 47J
Valencia st... between 6 and 8 p. m.
AGENCIES for every city* of the Union for the
Marquis Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms. 414
Post tt.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Bright boy from 14 to 18 years of
age to learn the dry roods business. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS/
WANTED — 6 cutters. 20 coat makers 15 vest
makers. 15 pants makers; ready for work
March 1. Scstcn Plaid Tailors, 10 tz Market at.
PENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 11
years* practice; references from thousands of
persons f or . whom I have secured pensions.
YOUNG men, sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters
green band*, for ships. DENT'S. 20 Steuart.
COLLEGE barber: wages, room and board un-
til first class for $50 cash. Box 2431. Call.
PANTSUAKER for country. Apply ReTss
-'• BROS, t CO., 24 Gutter «L
REAL EST4TE — CITY — FOR 5 VLC
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
et3 MARKET STREET
$31,000— NW. corner on 8th St.: rents «2C2 p*t
month; large lot; this is a bargain; call
early for deacrlDtion.
$25,CfX> — Polk-st. Uisinets investm-nt: 2 s-tcre*
fcnd 4 flats; almost new: concrete base-
ment. 10 ft. high: rents $1S5 oer mo,;
nothing like it east of Van Ness ave.
$20,000— Paclilc Heiehts flats overlooking th*
Golden Gate; unobstructed marine view:
positively the most magnificent flats in
thl» city; contain 10 and 11 rooms, with
finished basement and attic. . Including
rpacious dance hall, banquet - and bil-
liard room; hardwood flcors. etc.: a rev-
tlation in architecture; rents $135 mo.
$17,500— South of Market Investment, paying
$1392 per annum; nine modern flat?, al-
most new; mortgage $5000.
$12,7«O— Ashhury sL, near Park Panhandle: Z
new flats. 0 and 7 rooms; hisrh ba«*>-
ment: modern In every respect; rents
$110 per month.
$5,230 — Lexington ave.: 4 small fiats. 3 nxim*
each; r.'nt3 $»U D*r month: steady ten-
ants.
$5,000 — Tehama-st. flats; rents low at HZ:
5 and 0 rooms and bath.
$4,600— Moss St.. near Howard: 2 fine flat*. 4
rooms, and rear house; newly "reno-
vated: new foundation: rents $:!S. - •
$4,500— Langton s:.. 4 tenement flats* In good
condition: rents $31 per month; flrs:-
class tenants.
$3,C00 — 2 flats of 4 and 6 rooms and bath:
brick foundation: renfs $32 per month:
easy terms; Clement st.. near Richmond
District.
$3,500— Clara st.. i\f&r 4th; 2 beautiful little
flats; new; brick foundation; modern
plumbing.
$3,250 — Cottage in MUalon: almost new. 5
rooms and bath: wooden mantels, bay-
windows: rented for $22 5O per month.
$2.SC0 — Silver st.. near 4th: cottage. 5 room*
and hath: stable with 4 stalls, etc.:
rented for $20 per month.
$1,800 — NE. corner on 22.1 »t.; eOxSl feet;
a ocsltlve sacrifice. -' .
$l,S00 — Kents $154. per year; 2 flats on small
streft, near Vallejo and I.xrk'.n. I
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
CIS Market street. .
$500 DOWN and $20 per month for new cot-
tage. 4 r. and b. : on China ave. and Mission.
$2750 — House. G r. and b., with stable;
4020 Twenty-sixth »t.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission Street.
FLATS for sale — All rented; paying well;
near Mission and car line: cash and mort-
gage. Box 2424. Call office.
ADVERTISER will pay $1000 cash for lets ia
vicinity of Golden Gate Park. E. a J..
box 2777, Call.
BUILD on ycur unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$200 — A FURNISHED flat of 0 rooms on
Gough st. 11 City Hall Square.
DO you want a nire bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 838 Howard St.
REAL ESTATE — Cnnntrr — For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market st. ; /'
_£oixt RirniinxD real estate.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts:
maps, phctos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A 1 NICE home in Los Gates; lot 70x365; house
of. 4 rooms, and barn; to exchange for lots
or land In Alameda County. Apply to P. C
LASSEN, 4»;*5 Tenth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND property to exchange for country
property. Pf C. LASSEN. 4C8 Tenth St.,
Oakland, Cal.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH ave.. flfr»— ?S; a flat of S good rooms;
unfurnished. Apply fl42 Grove st. '
CHELSEA. 8. soutlTsTde Bush. bet. Powell and
Stockton—Parlor suite;hkpg. privileges; quiet.
ELLIS, 10CO, near Pcctt — 2 large, furnished
rooms; housekeeping; gas. phone, bath; %Vi'
FOURTH. 491 — Newly furnished rooms, double
or single; also housekeeping; rent reason-
able.
GEARY, 1002— Nicely furn. sunny front parlor:
single rooms; housekeeping privileges: gas.
GI'ERRERO, 1151 — 2 to 4 furnished house-
keeping rooms: piano, bath, porch: $S to $20.
GOLDEN GATC. 1210— Lovely sunny,' bay-
wlndow tarlcrs: complete for housekeeping
HAIGHT. 234. corner — Sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; piano.
HOWARD. 11C»— 2 housekeeping rooms, suit-
able for a rran and wife; rent, $10.
HOWARD. 23S1— 2 very large and well fur-
nished: ground floor: yard: $12: adults.
JESSIE. .123 — Large, sunny room; furnished;
housekeeping; gas range. clcs*t, water; $12.
KNICKERBOCKER Apatjments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished S-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
MARKET. 1032 — 2 housekeeping rooms, ; ' with
gas and coal stove; $12 a month.
MISSION. 933 — Housekeeping rooms to let.
MODEL House, 1200 Stocktcn st. — New furn.:
hskpg. rm. $5-12 mo:; phone, baths, gas; sun.
NOE. 347 — Tbree sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping: adults only; American family.
STERLING Apartments, Hayes, bet, Flllmore
and Steiner: finest in city; 4 rooms, bath;
Just finished: open Sunday; water; garbage;
janitor service free.
STEVENSON. 255 — Single rooms, running wa-
ter; large front room, cheap; housekeeping,
complete, $1 75 week.
THIRD. SOS — Two sunny froiit rooms. $12;
suite of 3. $1G; another. $S.
VAN NESS ave.. 920— Elegant sunny corner
parlor suite, with small kitchen If desired.
APABTMS TTX _OT7S_S.
THE LUNGER. 445 Octavia. cor. Hayes— Just
completed: sunny; modern 3-nn. apartments:
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
baths; $40 up; refs.; also doctor's offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
¦ trie lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $35.
£t. Arvlre. 1230 Pine — New management, superb
aptmtf;strlctly first-class; steam heat; electric
ltghts;priv.;phone;elev.:l to 5 rms.. with prlv.
bath: furn. or unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR, prop.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished:
marine view; now open; references.
GRAND view; new, modern apartment resi-
dence. 3101 California st.. corner Lyon; now
cr-en for Inspection; convenient car lines.
IROQUOIS Apartments, 810 —Ills. nr. Leaven-
worth;. 2. 3 and 4 rms.; open for inspection.
HADDON HALL.
-951 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
• AjP^ABTlCTHTg WAjrTEP.
WANTED — A three-room apartment complete-
ly furnished for housekeeping. Box 838. Call.
MODERN apartment of 4 rooms wanted, {ur-
nlihed. Box 2C01. Call office.
ROjf»^S/roLE^r-—g^ < Cnts ra.
AURORA, coiner Second and Folsom sts New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house ta
this vicinity, flm-clasa grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth St.— Roomi
25c to $1 p*r night. $1 25 to $3 per week acd
light housekeeping rooms; open all n!*ht.
AT 'Ibe Almonte." 873 Market st. lor No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 25c. &0c. $1. $1 SO nlxbt:
$1 50. to $10 week: house open all night.
ALL newly furnished beautiful rooms at the
' Waverly rooming house. $41 O'Farrell st.
BURNETT. 142tt Market (eld No. 1304)— Fur-
nlsbrd rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
CUMMINOS JThe). 61S Post. nr. Taylor— Jmt
opened; desirably located; sunny, single rooms
and suite*, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phoue East 1317 If desired.
CLIFFORD, 2O4 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH. THE. 23n Powell cor. Geary—
funny suites and offices; also single rooms.
FERN HALL. 612 Bush— Elegantly furn. rom»;
all sunny; terms reasonable: references.
FOR single gentleman. In private .tome -(no
other roomers), a 'large sunny furnished
room-, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address Box 2024. Call office.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $0 wk.: reading-room.
HERMANN. CC6. bet. Flllmore and Steiner sts.
— Furnished room with first-class board for
respectable young man.
HOTEL ST. PAUL. 463 Ellis St.— New house
and new - furniture; steam beat; hot water;
free baths: house open and -elevator service
all night; transient M.E. GRANT, .former-
ly at the. Vendome. 11W Market •€..-" , .
WANTS I r THEY ONLY KNOW WHAT YOU WANT
HAWTHORNE. 13!>. between Folsora and Har-
riscn— rSunny frcnt parlor: fine view; ?»;t table.
for man anl wife cr couple; walking dis-
tance; $15; $13 to steady tenant: other*.
LAUKIN. 1930— Nice room, suitable for gentle-
man; rent Sio per month.
MASON,' 21ZM— Outside rooms. $2 per week
up; clean, quiet place. ' '¦ :\
UASON. 1527. near Broadway — Sunny, fur-
nished rooms. . t ¦ .
MISSION. S37A— Furnished rocms by the day.
week or month; prices reasonable.
: ROYAL House. 128 Ellis — I.-icandascent lights.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $3
to (S; month, $3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rocms with hot and cclJ water: baths.
ETEVENSON. 653 — Sunny furnished room for
gentleman.
THIRD. 308— Rooms. 23c. 5Or. 75c and $1 per
night; $1 to $4 week; nice, quiet; bath.
UNITED STATKS."T23 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night, $1 73 to $<$ week; elec-
tric light* (no cas). running water tn «v»rr
room; elcTator.read.-room; free bua; baggagau
VAN NESS are., 519— Elegant front parlors anJ
adjoining suite for office or cluB. ¦
VAN WINKEL. 207 Jones— Nicely furnished
rooms. $2: sunny suites. $3 per week; baths.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 room*;
&"« to $1 &0 night; $2 to $S week; elevator:
elec. lights; readtng-room : free bus: baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light In every
room: 15c to $1 a night: 73c to $5 a week;
open all night; convenient to all cars.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisement* and subscriptions baa been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS ¦*^ P ._?:* ?]R^^--p -o. -
HOTEL HATTON
977 Pine, near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites: private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NF.SS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 708.
- ________ —__
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPENING: EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCE.
ATHERTOX <The). lt^:i Octavia. near Sutter—
Large, sunny, airy suitee and singia rooms;
beautiful lawji; excellent board: r«as. rates.
HOWARD, JU1A— First-class board with room.
Flngle or double. $4 5<)-$3 w»ek; American
family; home cooking; home comforts; piano.
DORLAND. 24— Nicely furnished room and
board for married couple or 2 gentlemen;
home privileges; references required.
NICELY furnished front room; on* or two
gentlemen: with or without board. 1402
Washington «\
THeTuDTBON. cor. Hyde and California—
Pleasant roms now vacant; suite or single;
excellent board.
HOTEL ELPMERE, 41* Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table; from $40; single $23.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, witn batns: also single; homelike.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription.!
received st Call branch office. 220O Flllmcre.
ROO313 AND BOARD WANTS—.
WANTED — Board and rooms for man and
wife and grown daughter; boarding-house or
hotel preferred; must be modern and first-
class: state rates. Box 2364. Call office.
BOARD and room wanted for a gentleman
(American) in walking distance of Third
and Market sts. Box 23S4. Call office.
GENTLEMAN wishes board and room In a re-
flned private family. Address box 2610. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — I unfurnished rooms; not to exceed
$40; vicinity of Sutter and Franklin sts.
Box 2137. Call office.
WANTED — 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; 3 adults; rent not exceeding
$15. Address box 2433. Call office.
WANTED — * unfurnished rooms around Hayer
Valley. Add— ~ Mc.V. Cf* Tiffany ave.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
WE shall close cut at ence a lot of shopworn
machines at from $20 to $.10 each; they are of
our own make, practically new: prices are
l»ss than half. White Sewing Machine Co.:
call at '.ICO Post st. or 1S41 Flllmore st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use;
best Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rate-*.
/Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed m»>-
chlnes: slightly used: $10. $13. $20; second-
hand. $3. $.1, $8: all styles; guaranteed. New
Ham* Sewing !J.-ichine Co.. Ugl Market st.
~ SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES, send you address to 1120 Market st..
S. F.. valuable Information; room 2.
_ ¦¦_ ¦ SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cu»?d: new methodx:l week's treat-
ment free. Dr: Cottinsham. 204 6utt«r st.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cure
in every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures: home cure.
\ MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Tbe following marriage licenses wers lamed
yesterday:
Wilson C. Contant. 23. Wllsey. Kans , and
Alice Luther. 25. Hill City. Tenn.
Lewis F. Whining. 3B, Point Richmond, and
Marie E. Llndeman. 32, Fort Wayne. Ind.
William 8. Wriarht, 31. Los Angeles, and
Anna M. Gorman. 23. 2228 Ptn« street.
Harry Goldbers, 38. city, and Mima Rus-
sell. 23, Portland, Ore. *
George Alves. 21. Benlcia, and Grace A.
Colbey, IS, Benlcia.
EIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriajte and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the DUbllcatloo offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sens authorized to have the fame published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In thia columa
free of charge.
BORN".
DKNMAN— In this city. March 2. 1904. to the
wife- of G. C Denroan. a daughter.
SELINGER— In this ctiy, February M, 1904.
to t'*e wife of Charles Sellnger, a son.
MARRIED.
ANBERO — ADOLFSSON— In this city. March
1, 1904, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church. Ed-
ward Emanuel Anbers and Anna. Ingeborg
: Adolfason. both of this city.
BJORKQU1ST— BRADY — In thist city. Febru-
ary 27. 1904. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander.
'pastor of the First English Lutheran
Church. Olof Edward Bjorkquist and Mary
Brady, both of thta city. .
DIED.
Baden. Samuel Mozart. Mary _
Bailey, John H. Nedovlch. Abraham
Banning. Edward J. Pelle. Christina M.
Boyce, John - Rambert, Christian
Casey. Michael Ruszles. Elizab-a
Coughlan. Patrick Ryaa. Georte T.
Dabel. Rose Scholta. Clara I.
Doerlng. Margarethe Smith. Brtdzet
Hassler. Mary C. TWJeo. Harry A.
Lanzet. Samuel Vincent, l>rtrar. 1
" Manning, Jeremiah Wallln. 8oahte>. W.»
Mayers. Annie Walsh. Brida-f t
' McCabe, Owen Weasel, Willie L»
MendU. Joseph Whiting, Delia
BADEN— In thia city, March 2. 1904, Samuel.
beloved husband of Lena Baden, and father
of Berth* and Leon Baden, a native of Ger-
. many.
I c?"Fr>ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited,' to attend the funeral services
to-day iFrtday). at l0:3O . o'clock, at his
¦ 'late resld«nce s 1028 Steiner street, under th«
auspices of Fidelity Lodge No. l-'e, l\ and
A. M. Interment private.
BAILEY— In this city. March 1. 1904. John
H Bailey, belcved father of William J.
Bailey c/ Chlcaxo. Mr«. George Hobbs of
Kansas City and Mrs. N. R. Lobb of thU
- city, a native of Kentucky. a«ed 77 years
II months and 9 days. A member of tbe
Mexican War Veterans. (Kansas City papers
please copy.) ~ *4BBM(MVMBS9iMEMNMMK
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
MISCELLA!VEOP» FOR SALE — Con
FOR sale — Fresh milch cow; % Jersey, %
Durham: third calf; 4 gallons milk dally;
gentle. MRS. L. E. DARLING, Dlnfond P.
0., Alameda County. ,. \
ALTERATION sale— Best ' $2 50 hats, »1 50
• Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St., near
Pine; open to 0 p. m.; Sundays to noon. '
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 CO; we pay express
charges.. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
3V&C ROLL and up; fine wall paper: samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IOAN, 4 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1821.
Encyclopedia Brltannlca; Scrlbner edition; half
morocco. King's Old Bookstore, 61 McAllister.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Coraon Co.. 234 Beale st.
FOR sale — Piano, music box. organ, buggy, har-
ness and hay cutter. 422 Orange St., Oakland.
FOR sale — Five cabinet oval showcases; three
3 feet, one 5 feet and one 6 feet. 206 East st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market Bt.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 467.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sixes EU-
GENE -RILEY & SONS. 109 .Vallejo st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p., cheep. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicagoes, • Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 9X1 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1810
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St. »
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
' bargams. Bullard & Breck. 131 PoBt at.. .
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
Co.. 122 Market st. •
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. -.T. ?FS. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
ASK for. prices on second-hand typewriters- all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg' y.
* MISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — To buy, a small cooking stove with
oven, to burn coal; state size, make, number
of 'holes and price asked. Box 2till. Call.
WANTED — To buy a Job lot of stationery and
.school supplies; must be cheap. Box 2440,
Call office, y
I. PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 913 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
114!t Market sC; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
TILTON wants' good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th si.; tel. Jessie 2851.
— _____________
AAA— HERMAN. MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick' settlements; no disappointment,
£ave expenses by dealing directly.
' Estates, second mortgages, undivided lnter-
'' ¦ tsts, assignments of rents, property In trust,
• etc.; legacies." life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
1 Courteous . treatment. Strictly confidential.
• When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on /'
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, tn city, town
-. ¦ or country.
Low rate of interest.
• , Give full particulars.
of property -or chattels.
1 Location, etc.
Box 4GS. Call office.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., 6S Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market St.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, tenmsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large 'business In
40. principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1G44. Branch, 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, :rm. 7.
M. JACORSON & CO.. financial brokers, Emma
Spreckels bldg..-.rm. •'"-¦I; loans and all other
financial matters negotiated: confidential.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, sliver,
diemonds. pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HEBTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
, ni • „
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 10.1 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners' on unin-
dcrsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-4S). Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy :no commission; installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent,
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny. -
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. tt Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 7C8 Market st. -
STAR Loan Co. of ' Wyoming loans money to
salaried employee. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk. bid.
CASH loaned salaried people en notes without'
indor*er. MORELL, G09 Examiner building.
aiOXEV WANTED.
WANTED — $1750 on property in probate court,
will soon be settled: state rate of Interest
wanted. Box 2565. Call office.
WANTED— A loan of $2250 on a fruit ranch
of 4ft acres; well Improved and In full bear-
ing; name rate of Interest. Box 2557. Call.
WANTED— $5000 • on good . valley land; will
pay 8 p*r cent Interest; security good. Box
817 Call office. ;
"WANTED — To borrow $4000 on a ranch of 120
acres; will pay 7',4 per cent. Box 2594. Call.
A FINE SELECTION OF PIANO BARGAINS.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Chlckering: walnut case; nearly new.
Stelnway; about a year old.
Knabe; walnut case; finest, largest size}
nearly new.
Stelnway; largest size; fine condition.
• Sterling: mahogany case; largest size.
Standard; oak cas?; good as new. -.-;•; . ?.
Halnes Brothers, ¦ the genuine; trahogany
case; nearly new. !
Steck; largest size.'
Steek: medium size; mahogany case; nearly
/ Two Neumanns: good condition.
Steck grand piano; good as new.
Stelnway grand piano: In good order.
PRICES FROM $125 UP. *
SQUARE PIANOS,
Including such makes as Weber. Stelnway,
Halnes, Kranich .t Bach and others, from
$10 up. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
Chlrkerlnur Agents.
Curtaz building, 16 O'Farrell mt.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright ¦> pianos from
$50 up; greatest bargains tv»-r offered In San
Francisco; all makes. We rent upright
pianos ¦ for ?2 ¦ per . month; new at $3 per
month ;• all money paid applies on purchase
' Heine Piano Co., 235-237 Geary st. Oakland
address 1252 Broadway.
ONLY Diana house In -the city that wlllrent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
0 months' rent ' and cartace . off purchase
" price; sdle ajrent." for McPhail. Schiller and
other makes. 0 SCOTT-CURTAZ. 6(50 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will b« soldra pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage, 163C Market st.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
most given away. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
NEW pianos sold on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMITZ.t CO.. 10 McAllister .Ft.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary gt. • j
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keefte's,2S5 O'Farrell.
SOKMF.lt, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian planu
player. BYRON- MA.UZY. 308-312 Post st.:
-OFFICES AXnSTORES TO, LET.
TWO nice minny bay-window suites for offices.
.: 1Q8^, Ellis St.. . . ' ' .. .- -' ¦ -
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent
Apply 140 Geary st.. opp.. City of Paris. ...
-'.-- ~^~ ~~
MADAM DEVAS. . '¦ •' - , ~ ~
.PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBES
BUILDING, 139 POST ST., - ; ; , - .,
H. JEROME FOSELLI,: scientific palmist.' 513
Taylor St. near Geary. Phone Black 531.TO ARRIVE.
Steamer, i "From Due.
: __s [ .
Central!*. Grays Harbor Mar. 4
Del None.... Crescent City... ........ Mar. 4
E.Barbara... Seattle & Olympla.... Mar. 4
Chico... Coquille River Mar. 4
Peru New York via Panama. Mar. 4
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Mar. B
Oregon... Portland & Astoria Mar. 3
Spokane Humboldt Mar. «
Newburg...:. Grays Harbor ..Mar. 6
SanPedro.... Grays Harbor Mar. 7
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Mar. 7
Eureka Humboldt Mar. J
Elizabeth.... Coquille River....; Mar 8
Tellus ' Oyster Harbor Mar. 8
Alameda Honolulu ;.-.-; Mar. »
Pomo .... Point Arena & Albion .Mar. 8
¦Wyefleld Nanaimo '..Mar. 0
Czarina...... Coos Bay IMar. fl
Pomona Humboldt ..|Mar. 9
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. IMar. tt
San Juan New Tork via Panama.|Mar. 9
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma i.Mar. 8
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. ArenalMar. 10
Santa Rosa.. San , Diego & Way Pts.|Mar. 10
Arcata.. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 10
Mariposa... .. Tahiti ..: ' Mar. 10
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria... ;|Mar. 10
S. Dollar. .... Hakodate Mar. 10
G.Llndauer.. Portland & Astoria.... Mar. 10
North Fork... Humboldt Mar. 11
Siberia....... China &. Japan ...Mar 12
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Mar. 12
'Alaskan New York...; "...Mar. 12
Alliance..... Portland & Way Ports. Mar. 1.1
Nevadan.V... Honolulu & Kahulul.. Mar. 13
Sonoma...... Sydney •& Way Ports. . Mar. 14
Jear.le. .*..... Seattle &. Tacoma.. ... Mar.H
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. . Sails. Pier.
.-,'; Karen 4. *
Centralia... Los Angeles I'orts.'lO am Pier 10
Coronado — Grays Harbor ....j 4 pm Pier 10
S. Barbara; Los Angeles Ports. | 1 pm|PIer 2
Eureka..... Humboldt .........1 9 am I Pier 13
Bonita....: Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
I :'.: Marcli 5. [
Redondo. . . .! Portland v.- Eureka fl pmjPIer 2
Arctic...... Humboldt ......... 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt..' '.. 1 30 p Pier »
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & litlcno 4 pm Pier 2
Doric..". ..."• China & Japan lpm Pier *40
Acapulco.'. . N. Y. , via Panama. 12. m Pier 40
NorthFork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
- , . March 6.'/ > {-.-;
Newburg. .. Grays Harbor.... ,| 4 p~m|Pier 10
Arcata..... Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
J S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
TJmatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
: Jeanie. .. ... Seattle. & Tacoma. S pm Pier 20
. March 7. -. O.--:;.| -:
¦Rainier...'.. Seattle & "Whatcom 4pm Pier 10
Chlco...... • Coquille River ....( 6 _pm Pier 2
Curacao.... Mexican Ports ... 10 ana Pier 11
March 8. | . /j~ .
Bpokanc... Humboldt ..........11:30 pIPler 9
Oregon..... Astoria &. Fort!and|U am|Pi»r 24
Coos Bay/. . San - Pedro &. Way.| 9 am]Pler. 11
. Same : owner with Ickelheimer. Bros. t,con
tractors). architects same — Plumbing : and : gas
fitting- for same on same; $4376. ¦ : i*.-
C. A. Buckley (owner) with Ruffino & Blan
chl (contractors), architect .Thomas J.*, Welch—
Marble and tile work and carpenter work 'con
nected with same for a six-story brick building
(stores and offices) on S line of Market' street
45:10 E or Spear, S 137:6 by W 45:10; J11S5.
for a two-story and basement frame building
on N line of Green street, 03:1 >S E of Devlsa.
dero. E 44:4%. N 137:6. W 34:4H.. S 32:6 W
10. S 103; J12.030. -:¦-; . . ,' -
Daniel . Roth (owner) with Henry Munster
(contractor), architects Salfleld & Kohlberg—
All work except plumbing and gas fitting for a
four-story frame building- on the -8? line of
Geary Btreet. S":6 E of Taylor, E 25 by S
137:6; $15..6S0. • ' -
Will Take Oat Big Cargo.
The Pacific Mall Company's big freighter Al
coa has discharged, the. enormous cargo she
brought from the Orient and commenced Voad-
When Captain Potter of the barkentine Cor
onado returns to Honolulu he will find await
ing him a big pot of pol prepared by a num
ber of speculative friends who risked their
money on the chance of the Coronado 1 s out
railln: the bark Gerard C. ' Tobey. The ves
sels sailed in company. The" were both bound
for San Francisco and the opportunity for a
camble was too good jo be overlooked 'by the
speculatlvely Inclined at the Hawaiian port.
The Tobey was favorite In the betting, which
was four to one when the vessels took' their
departure. The Coronado came up In twelve
days fourteen hours. The Tobey did not enter
the Golden Gate until two and a half days
later. -¦aBac|aHigt-> • '¦•' -S.-.-.-^ .- •• '¦-<¦•; -•
Cantain Potter AVill Be Feasted.
Shipping Intelligence.
/ ARRIVED.
Wednesday, March 2.
Nor stmr Tltanla. Ejrenes, 5 days and 8
hours from Nanalrao. . ¦ .
- Thursday, March 3.
¦ . Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 10 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, 14 hours from
Mendoclno.
'Stmr Arctic, Xelson, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 22 hours from Eureka,
Stmr Santa Rosa, . Alexander, 41 hours from 1
San Diego.
Stmr Jennie, Downing, 8 days from Seattle.
Stmr Homer,' Donaldson, SI hours from
Coos Bay.
' Btmr South Bay, Jamleson, 29 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr .Rival, McClements, 80 hours , from
Wlllapa Harbor.
Stmr W H Kruger, Bowdich, 48 hour* from
San Pedro.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. f>8 hours from Cooe"
Bay. •¦•--.., ¦¦.. ... ¦ • .• ¦ ¦
.; Stmr Maggie, Corning, "3 hours from Half
moon Bay.
' Schr Ida A. Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes. •
. . CLEANED.
• Thursday, March • 3.
. Stmr Humboldt. Baufthman,' Seattle; Hura
boldt Steamship Company.-'. -, : -
Stmr Bontte. - Glelow, San Pedro; ¦ Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Sierra; Houdlette. . Sydney and way
ports,' via Honolulu; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Pcrtland. "Llndc>i»t. Lady smith, via
Seattle; Alaska Commercial Company.
. . SAILED.
• Thursday." March 3.
• Stmr State of California. Thomas, San Dieeo.
: Stmr Maggie, Coming. Half moon Bay.
Stmr Humboldt. Baushman. Seattle.
Stmr G*o W Elder. Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Dcra, Ellefsen, Seattle.
Stmr Ian.ua, Jorgenson,": San* Pedro. '
. Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen,- Redondo.
Stmr Brooklyn, . Johannsen, Mendocino.
Stmr Portland, Llndqulst, Seattle and Lady
smith. ¦ ¦ • v '¦-¦ •' - ". ¦ ¦ ¦¦.¦¦..-.
Stmr Santa' Monica, Olsen. San' Pedro. •
. Stmr Mackinaw. Storra, ; Tacoma. ..,•:.--. •
..:.". Stmr Pomo,' Ahlin, Albion. ...
. Br-nhip Llsmore, "Wilson, Port Townsend.
Bark Jean Bart, Callier/ Queenstown.- '•
Fr : bark , Edmund Rostand, Roy, New Cale
donia. - ;" r .'-',¦. -¦'.<''"<•. - ¦
"¦Schr Sausallto. --RasmuMen, ;San Pedro,- In*
tow of ¦ stmr ' Santa _ Monica. £ ' -
B3&gX&m$fc -TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT*LOBOS, March 3. 10 p m— Weather
thick: wind northwest;' velocity 24 miles per
hour. ptiinrMiMirtiijiffM iiMiffifr ffWjjjFiB^faililiifjAJu
;.; . -. . - . ¦' .'¦-.. ' SPOKEN. :¦
. Feb 26-43 - N. 1 7 W, Br ship 8tron»a, ; from
Cardiff for San ; Francisco.- • • '
DOMESTIC PORTS. :
;¦ ABERDEEN— Arrived ~ March . 2— Schr San'
Movements of Steamers.
The French bark Jean Bart sailed yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 55.627 ctls
barley and 11.260 ctls wheat, valued at $86,
060. The bark also carried 22,000 ft lumber
a* dunnage, valued at $330.
Grain for Europe.
The British ship Anglesey is chartered for
redwood from this port to Liverpool at 40s;
British ship Crompton. lumber from Puget
Sound to Port Pirie at 33s Ud: Austrian ship
Francesco Giuseppi I. same business, from
Fcrtland to Valparaiso for orders. Plsagua
Ranze. 30s, chartered prior to arrival.
The barkentlne Coronado returns to Hono
lulu with general cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN*.
Matters -of Interest to 'Mariners and
Shipping .Merchants.
The steamer Santa Monica will sail to-day
for San Pedro with the disabled schooner Sau
salito In tew. The Sausallto put tn here a
few days aco In distress. She will leave in
command of Captain Dahllof, her new skipper
AVill Tow the Sausalito.
Another Overdue Arrives.
The British ship Glenelvan. on which 10 per
cent reinsurance was paid, arrived yesterday
at Wallaroo, sixty-one days from Anjer. The
overdues still to be hoard from are quoted for
reinsurance as follows: David d' Angers, 10
r>er cent; W. F. Rabcock. 15 per cent, and
Theodor. 50 per cent.
V — TV
I March 10. I I
Elizabeth... Coquille River 10 am! Pier 20
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm'Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amlPier 11
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor | 3 pmtPler 10
March 11. I |
Senator 'Puget Sound Ports.|ll aralPler 24
1 March 12. 1 |
Alameda... Honolulu ill amiPler T
P- ru N. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPter 40
; March 13. | |
G. W. Elder) Astoria & Portlandill am Pier 21
| March 14. | I
Centennial..' Seattle & TacomailO amlPier 20
Sequoia i Wlllapa Harbor... I 4 pm|Pier 20
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Valencia Ekagway & Way Ports. Mar. 4
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. &
Dolphin Skagway & "Way Ports. (Mar. 10
Dirlgo SkaKway 4. Way Ports. [Mar. 10
Bertha Valdex & Way Ports.. I Mar. 10
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 11
Dora Dutch Hrbr via Valdez Mar. 15
Santa Ana... Valdez & Way Ports.. Mar. IB
J. Dollar Valdez & Seward JMar. 20
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cat..
March 3. 1904.
The Time Ball on t*e tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. c, at noon ot the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In chars?.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Captain Is Washed Orcrboard.
ABERDEEN", Wash., March 3.
The schooner Glenn, which arrived
here to-day from San Francisco, re
ports that Captain Peterson was
washed overboard during a storm on
February 22 and drowned. Captain
Peterson was a resident of San Fran
cisco, aced 24. and unmarried. •
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The hUh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. MARCH 4. ~T
Sun rises .•"., 6*37
Sun sets . . . .W.T.VT..T. . : I«:C6
Moon rises % 9;iq p _ m#
0 |Tlme iTIme jTimel mme!
» I Ft. I Ft- Ft. — -— Ft
• |H W| W-Vfi \HV/j |L W|
4 1:03 5.6 7:00 0.9 1:22 5.2| 7:131 1.0
5 1:43 5.6 7:5S 0.9 2:22 4.6i 7-58 15
« 2:27 5.5 8:52 O.O 3:27 ' . 4.4 I « 22
T 3:15 5.4 9:57 *0.8 4:37 4. XI 9:37 2 6
8 4:05 .6.2 11 :IM O.H 5:55 4.0110:42 » O
».| 5:0fl 5.112:12 0.7! 7:00 4.0 11:52 3.1
10 | 6:12 5.0 .1:10 0.6| 8:17 4.2|
NOTE — In the above exposition of tha tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in th* order ot occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column elves the last tide of the
day. except when: there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. ¦ The - heights sriven are In
addition to the soundings of the United Slate*
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given. by
the chart*. The plane of reference ia the mean
of the lower . low waters.
SALT LAKE. March 3.— The Jury in the
case of Frank Ro*\ charred with murdirlns
his child wife in this city last Christmas day.
to-night returned a verdict of murder In ti>8
first Ucsree. Rosa will be sentenced Mondc^-.
in: an equally large quantity of merchandise
for tlie return trip to the Far East. She is
at present at Greenwich-street wharf, but will
finish loading a! Bea!e street. She will take
from this port 7P0O tons of hay, 3000 tons of
flour. 70O tons of shrimp shell and more than
4ftoo tons of ceneral merchandise.
THE CORONADO AND GE
RARD C. TOBEJY. WHICH
RACED FROM HONOLULU.
Sydney— F. - L. Alley, Mrs. Alley, i L. C.
Auldjo. Mrs. M. E. Borneque, Mrs. F. G,
Bralthwalte. Master Braithwalte and nurse,
John Coates. A. E. Colls. George Cooper Jr..
Mrs. P. Hollywood. W. Spencer Jones. A. E.
Rowlands. Mrs. Vail and two children. Miss
Vail, J. C Williamson, G. V. de S. Czarllnskl
W. G. Moore. D. K. Rlcnardson, J. , Solway.
W. Thomas. . ¦ ¦ .
-Auckland — Mrs. Robert Austin, .Miss L. M,
Austin, Miss M. Austin, George Warren, B,
Doson, 1. R. Gudmunsen, A. Hudson and W.
G. Young. . ¦ -
Papo Pago— Dr. Arnold. G. W. Allen, H. M.
Aubage. X. Benedict, J. E. Britcher, J. Brown.
J. P. Campbell. E. Casebeer. J. E. Clooney.
T. Clark. D. Connors. W. Cornwall. G. Crow
nlnshleld. J. H. Fender, G. D. Grlffln/c. -Hall
M. J. Heln. E. C. Hill, H. Hurst, N. Higuchi.'
V. Moe, C. W. Nelson. N. Numata, N. Renard,
H. J. Ronan. F. Robertson, A. Smith, F/ J.
Taylor. F. A. Wise. . ' '
For Honolulu— Sister Albina and maid. F.
H. Appletcn. Mr?. Appleton, Sister Benedicta,
Mrs. E. L. Barr. Edward Bowdltch Jr., H. C.
Bruns, H. F. Buckley. Miss E. M. Callendar,
W. W. Candy. Mrs. Candy, Mrs. S. H. Clark,
Miss Mabel Coey. A. M. Coghlln. Mrs. Coghlin,
Miss Cummlngi 1 . C. Du Rot. Miss F. K. Ewlnfj,
H. A. Geyer, Mrs J. J. Grief, G. L. Grimes.
W. M. Gulley. Mrs. CJulley. J. B. Hayward
and son. Miss Heffner. Dixwell Hewitt. Mrs.
Hewitt. Mr. Heywood. Mrs. HlKh, Miss Mar
garet High. Mr. Jackson. Mrs. W. W. Jacques,
Miss Louise Jaques, Miss Margaret Jacques,
W. H. Kilpatrlck. Mrs. Kilpatrlck. Miss Kil-
Patrick, Master Kllpatrick, W. M. Langlon.
.1. H. 1/TiHhan. Mrs. I*enahan, Mas
ter Lenahan. Miss F. A. LIUIs, Miss
K. A. Llllis, Mr. Lleman. Mrs. C.
T. LIUleJohn and two children. Mrs. L. H.
McFadden. Mrs. M. L. McNorton. A. C. Mag
nus, Mrs. Magnus, A. H. Moffitt. W. G. Moore,
Mrs. Moore, lira. D. H. Morey, E. V. Morgan,
Mrs. Newell, Miss Newell, Mrn. M. K. Nichols,
Master Alan NieholF. William Noble, Mrs. E,
Noble, E. T. Parsons, Miss Ida Qulnton, Sam
uel RegRel. Mrs. Resrpel, G. H. Rlsley. Mrs.
RiFley. L. H. Ross. Mrs. Ross. I. Rubinstein.
Hayward Saxton, RayS Sherman, G. W. Sou
der. Mrs..Souder. Rev. C. C. Tiffany and valet.
Mrs. H. C. Veazie, Barrett Wendell Jr.. Miss
M. A. Williams, Alex Young, Mies A. Eacatt,
Mrs. E. Geary, K. C. Hopper. Mrs. Hopper
and child, I. Lando. C. E. Lyons, Fred Phea
sey. Miss Clara Saxton, J. Takal, Leon Theve
nln. wife and two children.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sierra sailed last night for Hono
lulu and the Antipodes -with more
than 150 passengers and a full cargo.
Among those bound for the Hawaiian
Isles are seventy tourists from the
Eastern States. This is the largest
party of pleasure seeking travelers
that has left this port in many months
and the Oceanic Steamship Company
has detailed Traveling Passenger
Agent A. H. Moffitt to accompany the
tourists and give them every assist
ance toward making the most of their
South Sea visit.
E. V. Morgan, the recently appoint
ed United States Consul to Dalny, will
go on the Sierra to Honolulu and
there remain until he receives order3
to proceed to his post.
Alexander Young of Honolulu goe9
home on the liner and among the pas
sengers to Sydney is J. C. Williamson,
one of Australia's theatrical .kings.
The Sierra did not get away until
a late hour owing to the tardy arrival
of the British-Australian mail, which
reached New York behind time and
lost a number of hours on the" over
land journey. No time was lost, how
ever, after the mail arrived. It was
hustled aboard the waiting liner and
within a few minutes after the last
bag was passed through the side port
the Sierra was cutting her way
through the harbor waters toward the
Golden Gate.
Her passengers included the follow
ing named:
NEW YORK— Arrived March 3— Stmr Geor
glc, from Liverpool ; stmr Neopolltan Prince,
from Genoa. Palermo and Naples.
Sailed March 3 — Stmr La Champagne, from
Havre; stmr Moltke, from Hamburg, vta Ply
mouth, i
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed March 3— Stmr Cel
tic, from Liverpool for New York.
LONDON— Spiled March 3— Stmr Mlnneap-*
oil*, for New 0'ork.
HAMBURG— Arrived March 3— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from New York, vta Plymonth.
ALEXANDRIA— Sailed March 3— Stmr Re
public, for Boston, via Naplts.
OCEAN STEAMERS
IPSWICH— Arrived Feb 28— Fr bark Jacob
s«»: hence Sept B. •
AUCKLAND— Arrived March 3— Stmr Ven
tura, hence Feb 13.'
Sailed Feb 2U— Stmr Sonoma, for San Fran
cisco.
WALLAROO — Arrived March 3— Br ship
Glenalvon. from Anjer.
ACAPULCO — Sailed Feb 28 — Stmr San Jose,
for Panaira. March 2 — Stmf San Juan, for
Sa:i Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS
H OXO ML* LI .'—Arrived March 3— BktnS G
Wilder, hem-e Feb 7.
Arrived March .'! — r.urline.
MANILA— Arrived March 1— L' S itmr Sher
idan, hence Feb 1.
ISLAND PORTS
Buenaventura, hence Feb 21; schr Glen, hence
Feb 19. .
CRESCENT CITr— Sailed March 2— Stmr
Mandalay. for San Francisco.
BELLINGHAM— Sailfd March 3— Schr Fear
less, for San Pedro. \
Arr^ted March 3— Br ship Holywood. hence
Feb 13.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 2— Stmr Centen
nial, hence Feb 28.
TACOMA— Sailed March 2— Schr Matthew
Turner, for Sydnry.
FORT BHAGG— Arrived March 3— Stmr
Brunswick, hence March 2.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 3— Stmr Al
ratraz. from Greenwood: stmr Samoa, hence
March 1: stmr Marshneld. from Little River.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived March 3— Schr
Trans.it. hence F«b 20.
TATOOSH— Passed In March 3— Stmr City
of Puebla, htnee March 1.
Paf*ed in March 3— Schr Oliver J Olsen.
frcm San Pedro. - ¦
ASTORIA— Arrived Marrh .1— Stmr G C Lin
rtaner. hence Feb 2tt; Br stmr Claverlng. hence
Feb 29.
Sailed March ;<— Stmr Oregon, for San Fran
cisco. . -
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed March 3—
Stmr Whltesboro. for San Francisco.
' VALDES — Sailed March 3— Stmr Bertha, for
Seattle.
EUREKA— Arrived F«b 25— Schr Emma
Claudlna. from Redondo. Feb 27— Stmr Fran
cis H Leggett. her.ce Feb 20.
Arrived March 3— Schr Ida McKay, hence
Feb 27. Marc!v '*-— Stmr Alliance, hence
March 1 for Portland.
Sailed Marc> 3— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco; schr Cr»«cent. for Manila: schr
Bertha Dolbrvr, far San Pedro: Vttnrs Eureka.
South Bay. Newsboy, Arctic and Pomona, for
San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived March 3— Schr James
A Garfitld, from Coos Bay.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed March 3— Bktn Ad
denda, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed March 3— Schrs
C A Thaver and Falcon, for San Francisco
COOS BAY— Sailed March 3— Schr Advance;
for San Fra'ncl«co.
BANDON— Sailed March 3— Stmr Chlco, for
San • Francisco. •
Hannah Liebcs (owner) with ' Henry l Jacks
(contractor), architect. M. J. Lyon— All work
Daniel and Ella Cronin (owners) with Frank
McSheehy (contractor*), architect ¦ All work
for a one-*tory frame cottage on W line of
Florida street. 165 S of Twenty-sixth, W 100
by S 23: $1757. "..-••
John J. Deane (owner) with Henry .T. Grleb
(contractor),' architects, O'Brien & Werner
All work except: painting, shades and gas fix
tures for a two-story and attic frame building
on N line of Vallejo street,* 120 E of Pierce
E 25 by N 120; $1690. '
Builders* Contracts,
State of California <by E. J. Smith Tax
Collector) (assessed 'to A. Clarke) to C C
Hlggins. lot on E line of subdivision 1, distant
1705:05-10 S of. Ocean House road, S J056 bv
E 165. containing 4 acres; 8300. -
William and Tonle Prosek (Jlva) to Frank
Selfert. lot on NW line of Howth street
44 :C SW of Geneva. SW 25 by NE 105:6 block
11. San Miguel City: $10. '
G. S. . Backman to Augusta Keating lot on
B corner of Eighteenth avenue and G street
SE 279.H5. W 220. R2 NW lgfi.35. NE «00*
block 361. Hunter Tract: quitclaim deed- $10*
Martha H. Webster to Anna G. B. Webster.
lot on N line of Ix>bo« avenue. 25 E of Capital
street. E 50 by N 125. lots 2 andi .1 block P
Railroad Homestead Association No 2- al«o
lot on W line of San Carlos avenue 135' N of
Eighteenth tstreet. N 25 by W $0; also lot on
E line of Twenty. sixth avenue 125 S of A
street. P 46:8. E 228:10 NW 4C:S W 22: also
tot on SE line of Tarn street. 160 '— of*Mount
Vernon. NE 40 by SE 103:e. lot 41, San Miguel
Homestead Association: also all Interest !n
estate or Frederick R. Webster; quitclaim
deed; $1.
Anne Llewellyn to Mabel E. Dodge' lot on
8 corner of Buena Vista and Java streets SW
131.25. SE 100. NE 118.49, NW 10162 lots 1
to 4. Work 6. Flint Tract: $10.
Harry M. and Sarah A. Kelly to Frank and
Emlele Grabe. lot on NW corner of Dwight
and Glrard streets. N 100 by W 120 lots 1 and
2. block 5. Paul Tract Homestead: '*10.
Hepslbeth Carleton to Charles E Carleton.
lot on E line of Twenty-eighth avenue 25 S
of U Rtreft. S 25 by E 120; glfl*
Frederick S. Gri^nlee to Jacob Heyman
Company, lot on NW corner of Thirty. eighth
avenue and X Hreet. W 240 by N 100; $10.
Jefferson G. James to J. G. James Company
undivided one-half of lot 1 block 25 Noe
Garden Homestead; $10. ' *
American Land and Trust Company to Hen
ry F. Krauskopf. lot on E line of Nineteenth
avenue. 200 N of O etreet. N CO by E 120- $10
Henriette Howe to H. E. Robblns lot on E
line of Forty-seventh avenue 200 S of T
street. S 25 by E 120; ?200.
John R. Hrett tn Eljle H. Marwertel lot on
W line of Twmty-seventh avenue 200 S of I
strpet. S 23 by W 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Ocean Boulevard
improvement Company, lot on E line of Forty
ninth avenue. 1S7:6 S of K street S 50 by 'e
120: 510.
Kalherine A. and Thoma* J. Duffy to Alta
C. f^tudley. lot on SE corner of B street and
Tenth avenue. S 100 by E 32:C; $10
Bay District Land Company to David M
Bertranrt Jr.. lot on N line of C street. 95 E
of Fourth avenue. E 25 by N UO; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Charles W.
O.- and Emma Marx, lot on W line of First
avenue. .75 N of C street. N 25 by W 95: $10.
Emma and Alohonzo Harrincton to Harry
E. and Nellie Swett. lot on E lln<* of Tenth
avenue. 225 S of II street. S 25 by E 120: $70
City Realty Company to Thomas E. Darcyi
let on E line of Fourth avenue. 85 N of I
street. N 25 by E !>5: $10.
Thomas and Margaret Clarke to John ' J
Monahan. lot on N\V line of Silver street "00
S\V of Third. SW 23 by NW 75; $10.
Henry H. and Ella Davis to Alfred T. Mor
ris", lot commencing T.50 S of Lake street and
57 :C E of Fourth avenue, E 25. S 106 to Cali
fornia street. W 25. C2 1.12. N' to beginning;
O. S. Backman to Auzusta Keating, lot orr
S line ol Twenty-seventh street. 152:9 E of
Hoffman, E 50:11 by S 114; $10.
Rosa Constant to Charles E. Wehn. lot on
S\V corner of Vallejo and Florence streets W
34:9 by S 68:9; $10.
Theodate B. Dent (Stedman) to Thomas \V.
and Christopher C. Rivers, lot on SK line of
Perr>- etreet. 77:6 XE of Third. NE 25 by SE
75: $10.
Katherine A. Rivers to Marie Berglund lot
on K line of Valley street. 155 W of Castro
W 25 by N 114; J1O.
Oeorge A. and Margaret L. McCarthy to
John F. C. Koschnltzki, lot on S line of Valley
street. I(MJ W of Doloree. \V :*5 by S 114- Jlti
James ar.d Julia McDonou«h to WlUlaiii
P. and Mary M. Maher. lot on S line of
Twenty-ninth street. ISO W x,t Sanchez \V "5
by S 114; $10.
Same to Andrew and Mary A. Pryal. lot on
E line oc Florida street. MH N cf Twenty
tourth. N" 2« by E 1W; * .
Birder and S»verna Peterson to Claus and
Margaretha Drtnes, lot on \V line of Harrison
firett, 7.1 S of Twenty-fourth. S 25 by W
lllT.'i; $10.
Citj and County of San Francisco to Han
nah Waters, lot on E line of Hond street 157 -ij
N of Seventeenth. N 25 by E 68:9; $
Same to Wendle9 C. Anderson, lut on W
line of Pond street. 10.1 :« S of Sixteenth. S
20 by \V M); $ .
Sama to William Dlzney, lot on W line of
Church street. 2s S of Hancock, d 25 by W
100^ $1(1. *
Kudolph and L«na Marquard to Henry Mar
quard. lot on N line of Waller strewt 32:tS \V
of Shrader. \V 5u by N T 1<X>; |lo.
Henry and Therese S. HeUoth to Adam L,ud-
Vig (trustee for first parties for life) reverting
to Lavinla. Henry G.. Louise II. and Frank
A. Helgoth, lot on E line of Lexington avenue
151 N of Tweniy-nrst street. N 44 by E 75
also Jot on E line o£ Lexington avenue. 230 X
of Twenty-nrst street. X 4J, by K 75; also lot
on N line of Eighteenth street 55 E of Hart
lord, B 25 by N 1(M. trust deed; $
Koy Al. and Elizabeth S. Henderson "to Hilda
E. Helnngsen (wife of John S.). lot on W line
of Church street. &3 B of Hancock, S 23 by W
City and County of San Francisco to Cath
erine Hurkliardt. lot on N line of Vallejo
fctreet, 305:0 W of JJaker. W 44.1U N VJi) i£
to point J(>5:6 \V of Baker. S 12<j; »- .
Edward J. and Elizabeth F. Mutiny to Janes
J. and Pauline \V. OXeill. lot on W line of
Ue Long a\Vnu«>, 100 M of Frederick street N
2b: 6 by \V t>0; J1O.
Isidore and Berthe Llpman to Annla Frank-
Jin, lot on 8 line of Bu«li street, 53 K of Brod
enck, E 1»4 by S SS; J1U.
Uertnenno and Georgia Cipollonl to Frank
and Jngeborg Quisling, lot on E line of Baker
fcirtet. 125 s of Fulton, S 25 by E 121:10>£-
City and County or San Francisco to George
K. Fitch, lot on ti line ot iiayei etreet. 137 :«
K of 1-acuna. E 35:1>4 by N 120; $ .
Same to Michael J. Hughes, lot on NE corner
of Scott street and Uolden Uate avenue E 27 :«
by N 12W; * .
William Wolf to Kitz&beth Ktrother, lot on
KK corner of O'Farrell and Laguna streets,
E 31 :4 by N 70; $10.
William P. Whittler to John V. Spreckels,
lot on SE corner of Pacific and I«guna streets,
K i>7:6 by S 115 (restrictive covenant imposed
en lot for benefit of SE corner of Jackson and
L^£una streets, etc.); S .
Charles .A. and Annie B. Johnson to Mary K.
Totter. lot on S line of V&liejo street. 100 XV of
Polk. W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
John J. Iferlihy to Catherine V. Herllhy, lot
on N line of Filbert street. 187:6 W or I^arkm,
W 25 by N 137:6; %1V.
THURSDAY. MARCH '3.
KEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
"Few who have not visitc J Honolulu
can realize its beauties. Imagine a
wide stretching bathing beach of. white
coral sand, with water of such crystal
clearness that the bottom Is plainly vis
ible, shewing here and there patches
of sea moss adhering to the coral and
producing a variety of tones that seem
to beggar the rainbow. Then there is
the beautiful Kaplolanl Park, centered
by a racecourse, skirted by rapid tran
sit cars that pass every few minutes
for a 5-cent fare and having much of.
Its area covered by water on which
acres of pond lilies and water orchids
float in a picture of enchanting variety.
"Within easy reach of Honolulu Is the
Island of Oahu. which makes a highly
attractive excursion. Starting by the
early morning train one winds between
the Pearl Harbor Lochs and the fine
mountain rang?, dashing through fields
of sugar cane in every stage of culti
vation. Leaving the sugar fields be
hind, the traveler Is given a spectacle
of great marine grandeur. Across the
track, are high mountain slopes with
fertile valleys between and In the fore
ground the white foaming surf playing
restlessly on the coral reef3 and sandy
beaches in ever-varying gambols. On
the west end of the island is Walalua,
with its beautiful river and fine moun
tain scenes, where plenty of Interest
ing sport Is to be found for those who
enjoy gunning, and the ear Is charmed
with the song of the skylark, which
abounds In the glades between..
"But there are so many centers of
great interest throughout the islands
that I cannot even touch on them, and
I turn back instinctively to Honolulu
Itself with its wonderful Pali. This
precipitous bluff rises a clear thousand
feet, giving a panorama of the country
and ocean below that is of surpassing
grandeur. In the town itself there are
endless interests^ — the Royal Mauso
leum, the last resting place of Hawaii's
sovereigns, the home of ex-Queen Lill
uokalanl, the far-famed Bishop Mu
seum, with its magnificent collection
of Polynesian antiquities, showing the
rarest trophies of this 'Paradise of the
Pacific* But Honolulu must be seen to
be appreciated; to me it is home as
well as a wonderland where great
scenic beauty and health may be found
easily and cheaply."
! Alexander Young, who sailed for
I Honolulu on thek.Sierra yesterday, gives
I some interesting reminiscences of hi3
| early experiences in the islands in the
j days when white men were rare and
I the development of the country, from
the viewpoint of the Caucasian, had
not begun.
Alexander Young is the grand old
man of the Hawaiian Islands, and what
| he says about his tropical home is
worth listening to. He said last night
shortly before the Sierra sailed:
"It was In 1S65 that I first went to
Honolulu. Kamehameha V was still
reigning, and things were very different
[ then to what they now are. The sugar
Industry was then in Its Infancy, and
at the outset I associated myself with
the Iron trade, and it was only six years
ago that I relinquished the manage
ment of the Honolulu Iron Works after
a service of thirty-four years.
"During the days of my early resi
dence in Honolulu the native was a
very tame figure, the men- wandering
quietly «bout the place with only the
very scantiest of attire, but the women
always wore a kind of Mother Hub
bard. It is the chief feature of their
dress even now. In those days they all
had horses, men and women alike, ami
in brightly colored gala raiment, draped
with Ions scarfs having both ends fly
ing in the breeze, they made a most
imposing cavalcade as they galloped
down the grass-grown streets, where
now the finest street cars in the worM
rush the surprised traveler along ad
mirably kept thoroughfares skirting
scenes of almost indescribable beauty.
"The mechanics at that time were
only about a dozen; now there are
thousands, who make a generous in
come in an environment which for
plcturesqueness and salubrious climate
has no rival in the world. Sugar, tha
oldest industry of the island, still con
tinues the foremost one. but of late
years great strides have been made in
the growth fo pineapples and bananas
for export trade, the cultivation of the
exotic banana marking a distinct fea
ture in. this direction. Coffe.e growing
has been tried, but not with success. I
dabbled in the sugar busines myself,
but iron was always my leading card.
"When I retired six years ago I
thought I might be "turned out to
grass.* as the saying is. but the In
activity was too much for me and I
soon wearied of it.
"Then came my latest enterprise,
which is. indeed, my greatest, the Alex
ander Young Hotel at Honolulu, which
I regard with, I hope, a pardonable
pride. It was designed by an Ameri
can, built of American materials and
by American contractors and work
men. It is In the very heart of the
city, yet , commands quiet and seclu
sion, and with its unique roof garden
and unrivaled appointments can hold
its own with any modern caravansary.
The roof garden alone occupies a paved
area of a third of an acre, and there
concerts and dances are often given,
at which one meets Interesting travel
ers from all quarters of the globe, New
Zealand's wonderland and Alaska's
snowy plains.
"If you will put your ear to the
ground you will hear . the tramp of
thousands of men and teams complet
ing the connecting link between his
Eastern system and Pittsburg, and if
you continue to listen you will hear
the rumble move westward. Why,
George Kramer, who is vice president
of the Colorado Midland, and I will
not feel that our mission on this earth
has been completed until we see the
great engines of the Gould system roll
on to the shores of the Golden West,
and we will see it."
To this rather significant statement
George Kramer, who was an attentive
listener, solemnly added. "Yes, that
is our mission." With the Pennsyl
vania lines operating under their con
trol and connections made to this
coast. Gould and Rockefeller will be
masters of the greatest system of rail
roads In the world.
As is well known in all the Eastern
stock markets, Gould Rockefeller
have lately been buying heavily of
Pennsylvania Railroad stock in. the
furtherance of their plan to oust the
Cassatt factidn from the control of
that road* The two multi-millionaires
expect to effect this project a year
hence, when Cassatt's term as presi
dent of the Pennsylvania road ex
pire?. They will then try to replace
Cassatt with a man more favorable
to their interests, and then Gould will
have access for his own roads to the
Atlantic seaboard. Then he may be
expected to turn his attention to the
West. Upon this subject L. S. Thome,
vice president of- the Texas and Pa
cific, said, in response to a query yes
terday:
George J. Gould and his party, who
arrived here Wednesday evening, de
voted the greater part of yesterday to
seeing San Francisco. They left their
train at Third and Townsend streets
early yesterday forenoon, and under
the guidance of W. J. Shotwell. general
agent of the Gould system, rode over
the city on the various street car lines
for the purpose of viewing the resi
dence and manufacturing districts.
Having satisfied his curiosity In this
direction Gould asked to be shown the
local offices of his companies under the
Palace Hotel, where he greeted his em
ployes In a friendly way and then pro
ceeded to the city front, where he and
his party boarded the tug Relief and
enjoyed an extended trip around the
bay. The millionaire evinced a deep In
terest in the various points passed In
the Journey around the harbor and
asked many questions regarding them,
and especially In reference to ferry fa
cilities and the Government fortifica
tions. Returning to the city later the
party went to a local French restau
rant for dinner. Meanwhile the special
train which had brought the party to
the West was transferred across the bay
to the Oakland mole, where they joined
it about 10 o'clock preparatory to their
departure over the Central Pacific for
the East this morning. En route Presi
dent Gould will inspect the Rio Grande
lines and then go direct to New York.
Although the railroad magnate in his
Interviews shortly after his arrival here
Wednesday evening insisted that he has
no idea of extending his own railroads
to the coast so long as the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe connections con
tinue satisfactory, his presence here,
nevertheless, is regarded as very sig
nificant by many prominent railroad
people. It Is believed, and in fact It ia
admitted by the friends of Mr. Gould
who are accompanying him on the
present trip, that his highest ambition
is to have his own rails connecting the
Atlantic with the Pacific, and many
are Inclined to suspect that his trip to
the coast at this time Is to satisfy his !
curiosity as to certain details of his j
contemplated invasion of Western ter- I
ritory. i
Progress and Prosperity Fol
low the Industrious Efforts
of Progressive Americans
Visits Local Offices of His
Big System, Where He
Meets Companies' Employes
CUSTOMS AEE PRIMITIVE
ASKS MANY QUESTIONS
Alexander Young Speaks of
the N DeveIopment Work in
the Hawaiian Islands
Spends a Part of the Day
Riding on Streetcars and
in a Trip Around the Bay
GOULD ENJOYS
SIGHTSEEING
HEWING A WAY
FOR WHITE MAN
LINER SIERRA TAKES LARGE PARTY
OF EASTERN TOURISTS TO HONOLULU
Steamship Sails Late, Being Delayed by Tardy Arrival of the British-
Australian Mails— Her Passengers Include Many Prominent
People; Among Them Being E. V. Morgan, Consul to Dalny
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, .MARCH 4, 1904.
14
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Kmbalmere-
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 8WJ MISSION. Tel; South 167
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth «t.
Flam E«ulj)njenu at Moderate Rates.
KENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
tSuccessors to Flacnagan & Gallajrfaer I
DANIEL P. DONOVAN* VLnT '
FUNERAL DIKECTOHS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth sL. opo«ite Uncoln School '
Telephone South 8a
p-The funeral service, will be held Sat-
urday. Marrh 6. at 11 o'clock, at the family
Priva^ ~ 2 ™ *'"*¦
ETAN— In Oakland. March 3. 1!>OJ. Georre T
beloved eon of Christina and James J. Ryan'
and brother of Hudson. Ada and Caroline
Hjan. a native of Canada, aged 31 years 1
month and 18 days. • « oi jears i
1 " thU cltJt - "*"•" 3. 1904. Clara
Isabella Scholtz, beloved wife of Dr \v U
i-choltz, dauebter of Mrs. N. Barker 'and
fis-ter of Gsoriw, John and Gertrude Barker
Vn^ano^Xr'*' **<* » -«" '«
M rl h Arn^ H^T*^' M Fl,-na « nd & "t-
Mrs. Annie E. Joreenson. James M Henry
£ * D * *?*:** J - Smith, a «aUve of Tre-
ered 7« years I month and 1 day. '
;^c > a^vv:n^ n : c^v a - n^ e^HH?
thence to St. John> Church, whe" a Vo'emn
reouicm ma« will be celebnited for the Te"
y. of her fouI. comnrnclns at 10 o'clock
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
TIETJEN-In this city. March ;;.' IU04 at his
parents' residence. 7tS Iximbard "tVeSt
"TK , A ", dearly •*'<>*•«» «on of Georce h'
and Liczie Tietjen. and brother of Add"'
Grace. Otto. Georg*. Elmer. Leland .n i ,L
, |^ r^ rlPnd ' i and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlu-d to attend the funeral this day
'Friday). March 4. at 10 o'clock, from his
late residence. 216 Hickory avenue, between
«.ough and Octavia streets, thence by 11-30
oclock train to New EaJrm Cemrtery
111 °" :kl » n <'. Marrh .1. lfKM, Christina
M. PelJe. wire of Cantain Albert Pelle and
daughter of C. C. ani the late Doretata F.
mon'th. anTlS &?**"*• '«* f rtm °
RAMP-ETRT— In the City and County Hospital
March 3. laO4. Christian Ramb»rt (or Reu-
ben), a native of Denmark, aged C4 years
nUGGLES- In this city. March 3. 1904 Eliz-
abeth Wootverton Rurxle*. widow of the
late Jarne. Duane Rucgles, and . mother of
'"'• N ' V-. ?*** J t>^ <>a ™ «nd 3 months,
rt.^oopy) " * Madi8on . WJ« papers
fD^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:40 o'clock, from her late resf-
d««nce, M2i McAllisser Ftroet. Interment
'.ypreFS Lawn Cemetery, by special train
from Third and Townsend streets
NKDOVICH— In this city. March' 3. 1904.
Abraham, beloved husband of Rosa. _Nedo-
vich and father of Enutnuel. Annie and
Oavid Nedcvlcii. a native of Russian Po-
land, aced 43 years. (New York and Chi-
cato papt-rs please copy.)
tCTFriemis and acquaintances are respect -
luliy invited to attend tbe funerel this day
(Friday), at 8:.".O oclock. from his late resl-
d«-nee. 2»15 Mission street, thence to St.
tJi*' 1^! where a requiem high ma*s
will b* celebrated for the reifose of his sou!
commencing at 10 oclock. Interment Holy
( ro'.f. Cemetery. • .,.'¦
MENDIS-In thlF city. March 3. 1004 Joseph,
beloved husband (J f Teresa. M«ndis. and *on
of t attain A. Mend is of Sacramento and
brother of J. A. Mendis. Mrs. .1. Healey and
Mr*. R. M:tch«II. a native of Sacramento.
«Ta!.. ag-cd 38 years 7 months and 21 days.
MOZART— Pasaed to higher life in this cltv.
March I. 1-JO4. Mary L.. beloved wife of Ed-
win H. Mozart, a native of Ohio, aged HO
> f »r» 3 months and 3 dav?.
CTTrfendy art! acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ihe Iuneral to-morrow
'Saturday), at Ji:3(t o'clock, from hi.« late
r^id^nL-e. 3-J27 Elli* street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
high ma« will be celebrated for the repose
"f his eoul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
tcnr<>nt Holy Crots Cemetery.
MAYERS— In this city, March 2. 1SKH. Annie.
h»loved wife of th»> lair James Mayors and
dovoted mother of Thomas- and Annie
Mayer? and Mrs. J. R. Mathpscn. a native
cf County Waterford. It«>lsnd. aged 62 year*.
t~? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
•Friday), at 8::tO o'clock, from thp parlors
<f McFadden. MoBrfarty & Grefn, 1171 Mls-
f! " n «treft. between Seventh and Eighth
•.r.enc* to St. Patrick s Church, where a
requiem high rr.ase will be celebrated for the
repese of her soul, oommejicing at a o'clock.
Interment Holy Crocs Cemetery.
HcCABE— In this city. March 2. 11)04 Owen
beloved husband of Ell^n McCabe. and
lather of Mrs. F. RoscnberrT, Eugene Mc-
'ahf. and Mrs. F. C. .Skeilineer. and step-
father ot Mary. Thomas H.. J F. and F J
<> Rork?, AH*. C. IJ. Kilcn and the late
.lasephir." u'P.orke, an<i brother of th» late
Hugh Moral*. a native of County Cavan.
Irelann, an.-<l 75 years
CTNctice of funeral hTPafter.
MANNING— In this rlt>. Marrh 2. 3SOJ. Jere-
miah Mannine. belovrd brother of Patrick.
DHia and John Manr.ine and Mrs. Nora
Keefe. a native of County Cork. Ireland,
apr-fj 40 y«ar*.
Cf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral on Friday.
March 4, at h:3» o'clock, from her parents'
rpsldence, I22T> Peralta street, thence to St.
Patrick'* Church, rvhrre a solemn requiem
maps will be celebrated for the repose of her
fouI at S o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
(>m«»ry. Oakland.
LAXZET — In ?«-atti<>. 'Wash.. Marcli 2. 1SO4,
Samuel, beloved husband of Rachel Lanzet
fiid father Ot Mrs. Max Ber.a?, Mrs. M. R.
Goldberg. Mrs. B. S. DickhoSf and Markus
ar.d Annette Lanzet. a native of Austria,
a?«>d C7 years.
E7"Frien<Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). March 4. at 9:30 o'clock, from h»r
lat<? residence. 1KJ5 Seventh avenue South,
thence to All Haliows' Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose cf her soul, commencing ct 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HASSLEK— In Oakland, March 1. 1904. Mary
C. Ha«!er. beloved dauehter of Antone anil
Theresa Ha^cl. r, and sister of John D..
Antone J. and Thomas V. Hassler. a natica
nt Oakland, ared 19 years 2 months and 27
E7"Frionds and arqualrttanpes are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday), ct 1 o'clock, from the funeral
l«rlora of the H. F. Mum Company, !U7
Mission street. Interment Cypress T^awn
Cemetery.
DOERING— In this city. Marcli 1. 1904, Mar-
earethe. dearly btloved wife of the late
John Doering, loving mother of John, Joseph
cad Charles Doering. and sister of Antun
Haas cf Munich, Germany, a native of Ba-
varia. Germany, aged 04 yer.rs 2 months and
4 days. (Munich, Germany, papers plea«e
copy. )
Dear mother's day* are ended;
She now lies at rest.
White and wex-like fing^rfe
Are c.:a!=p€d upon her breast.
W« crushed our sorrowing feelings.
Trying to think Ifa l<est.
For fatber ban lone be?n waiting
His bride in th<» land of rest. *
Thtn farewell, our dear mother!
A lingering, fond adieu.
No more we'll hear thy kind voice;
No more converse with you.
FROM HEK SONS.
CyFrienfls and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnv'.ted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor k Co., 767 Mission s-treel.
thence to St. John's Church, where a
r^Kjuiem hiph mars will b« celebrated for
tbe renose of hi* «o»il st 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cro&s Cemetery.
DABEL— In Napa. Marcli 1. 1904. Rose Dabel.
beloved wife of George Dabel, and mother of
Willie Dabel. a native of Wurtembert. Ger-
many, aced 3S years 11 months and > days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday), at S:30 oclock. from the parlors
oi the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the reuore cf his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Intertnent Holy Cross Cemetery.
OOL'GHLAX — In this cltv. March 3, 1904. at
his residence. 20 Wool street, Patrick,
beloved husband of th* late Kat« Coughlan.
ar.d father of Hacnora, John Franc!* Joseph.
Daniel Joseph and James Patrick Coughlan.
.ind broker of John Coughlan and Mrs. B.
O'Brien, a native of th«> parish of Desart-
btrgtM. County Cork, Ireland, aged S55 year*.
A member of the Rlgyers' and Stevedores'
1'nlon No. 222. Local 1. L. M. and T. A.
fully tasted to attend tbe funeral^ Frlda>
MaAh 4. at 2 o'clock, ffom the residence
of his daughter. M". N- R- , Ll0 . b 1 b >,?? <
Alabama street. Interment National Cetn-
o«ry.
BANNING— A requiem high mass wl ILJ*
rung in St. Iroatius Churca for the repose
of the «oul of Edward J. Banning on Sat-
urday. March 5. at » o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances sre Invited to attend.
BOYCE— In This city. March 3. 1904, John
Boyce. beloved con of Bridget Boyce and the
late James Boyce. a native of County Done-
gal. Ireland, aged 45 years.
trTTner.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from th« funeral
parlors of June* McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy
street; thtnee to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for th» rei>c«» of his soul, commencing at »
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CASEY— In trls city. March 2. 1904. Michael,
dearly b*Io< ed father of Joseph Casey of
New 'Tork City, and uncle of Patrick Lydon.
Thomas Kelly and Mrs. Bernard Capoel. a
native of Gcrt. County Galway, Ireland.
aF*>4 €3 year*. (New York and Lob An-
geies papers please cooy.)
Continued From Page Thirteen.
(T7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tt> attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), Marcli 4. at 10 o'clock, from her
tnother> residence. 426 Vallejo street, be-
tween Kearny and Montgomery, thence to
Foresters' Hall. 1C-! O'Farrell street, where
t-ervice* will be held under the auspicea or
Artemis Circle No. 120, C. of F. Interment
New Italian Cemetery.
b~7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday). March 5. at 1:30 o'clock, frcm
the St. Markus Evangelical Lutheran
Church. O'Farrell street, between Franklin
and Couch. Remains at the parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. - Interment Mount
Oilvct Cemetery.
WHITING— In this city. March 1, 1904. Delia,
dearly beloved wife of David W. Whiting,
daughter or Mrs. Louisa Perata and the
late Bernard Perata. and sister of August.
Emit, Fred, Stella, Virginia and Paul Pe-
rata and Mrs. George McCracken. Mrs.
Charles Conserva and Mrs. John Whiting,
m native of San Francisco, aged 27 years 5
months and 26 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 10 o'clock, from the residence of her
daughter. Mrs. Robert Klipstein, 6291,4 Bry-
ant etreet. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
WALSH— In this city. March 3. 1904. Bridget,
beloved wife of JpseDh WaJsh. and mother
of May and Deborah Walsh, and ulster of
Mrs. Katla Tobin. and niece of Mr*. M.
Brady and John O'Rourke, a native of
County Cavan. Ireland, aged 30 years.
fCTRemains at tbe parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van Ness avenue. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
WE5SSEL— In this city. March 2. 1904, Willie
Louis. younEest and dearly beloved Bon of
Jacob and Mathilda Wessel, devoted brother
of Henry and Detlef Wessel, and beloved
grandson of Mrs. W. Fredericks, a native of
San .Francisco, arpd 14 years 3 months and
lo days. A member of the Young Men's
Christian Association.
late Florence Tietjen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 months and 2 days.
VINCENT— In this city. March 2, 1904, Ber-
trand Vincent, beloved hueband of Louise
Vincent, and fath«r of Mathilda. Charles,
Arno'.d and the late Henry Vincent, a na-
tive of France, ared 72 years. (San Jcse
Mercury please copy.)
CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
March 4. at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary,
chapel of Julius S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery
avenue, where services will be held under
the ausrices of the Beard of Relief of Odd
Fellows. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WALLIN— In this city. March 2, 1904, Sophie
W., beloved wife of the late John Wallln.
and mother of John E. and Charles E.
Wallln and Mrs. Robert Klipstein, a native
of Finland. . aced U4 years.
DEATH NOTICES.CHICAGO, March 3.— At the start trader*
were bullish in wheat to-day, owing to re
ports of a nrop in temperature in the South
west, foreboding ill for. the growing plant. Se
vere sandstorms In Kansas were also reported.
Bhorts at the outset' were active buyers of the
May ortion. the opening price of which was
«ic to IViC higher at $1 to $1 00i«. July was
unchanged to V t c lower at . 04c to 94 V4 c. ", ' A
good: commission house demand for July car
ried the price of that option up to P4%'g»4%c.
May advanced to $1 00%. The reign of the
bulls, however, was ended " in . about an hour.
Theplt^crowd .bad become "¦ largely overbought
and wr>re eaeer to' sell at every favorable op
portunity. With the resultant ; declining ten
dency in' the. market much long wheat. began
to come out. Many trader* yrho had been sup
porting the market "became convinced thai the
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.'
Stock and Bond Exchange.
THURSDAY. March 3—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. .
Bid. A«k. Bid. Ask.
4a qr coup ..107H108V4 4* qr cp newl32?4 —
4& qr reg ...107H1C8H 3* qr coup .:1O6J41O7-
MISCELLANEOUS * BOND8.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 6S.119 —
Bav CPC 5s. — 102 Do 5s — 112H
Cal C O 5s.. — 104H Dp con 5s. — 103»4
C G & ' E G Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5*. — 95 Omm Cab fl»123 —
Cal-st C 5*.116»ill7U Pac G Im 4s. J)0 97
C C'Wat'B*. — 100 P E Ry 5*.105H —
E L & P 63.125 131 P & C H 6*.103% —
F & C H 6*.112mi4H P & O R 6«.116 —
Geary-st 5a.. 45% 00 Powell-st 6a. — ' —
H CAS 6%3-104 _ 3 E G&R 5s. !)OU100
Do f » .... OS — SF & 8JV5S.118 —
Hon. TXT 63.106 — Sierra R :6a. 111HU2%
L. A Elbe 5s. — 105 S. P of A 6a
L A Ry 5s.ll2%113V4 <190») ....105^ —
L A L Co Ca. ' — — (1910) . . . .106Vi —
, Do gtd 6a. — ."— <19O5)Sr A.104% '—
:Do gtd 5s.lO3«ilO5l4 . (1905)Sr BU05Vi —
LAP lem 6s. 101% — S P of C 6a.
Mkt-*t C Os.116 — . ar>06) 107 107H
Do lem 5s.ll4%115 (1912> ....118* —
MV&Mt T58.1O4 — SPC leg 5s.— '_'
N R Of C 6s.H>7. — .:' Do atmpd.lO»i!J —
Do 5s .-;;. .118)4 — \\B P B R Cs.134 — '
N'P C R 58.103 . — S V Wat «s.101% —
California Stock & Oil Exchange.
¦ Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
I Alma 1 23 1 40
; Ai>ollo 45 ....
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 ....
Astec 75 8O
' Caribou 200
Contral Point Con 67 '....
, Chicago Crude IS ....
Clnn-r.icnt 50
Fulton 3 90
Kanfoni 141 00 ....
Home 127^
; Independence Hi P^'"»^
Junction 15 ....
; Kern 4 «."> 50O
.Monarch of Arizona 41 45
i Monte Cristo 77 J -i 80
Occidental of W Va 13
1 Oil C'.ty Petroleum .TS . 3T
! Peerless 13 50 „.'....
I Reed Crude 110 ....
i Senator «S
I Sovereign 4<J 49
! RterlirK 2 85
[Superior 05 0«
! Toltec 20
j Twenty-eight 4 CO ....
West Shore 265 ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp 1 55 1(9
1 Chutes Company .-. 7 87*4
Fischer's Theater 1 00 1 75
Northern Cal Power 987H
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
500 Clarrmont SO
10CO Independence 17
I 10O Pennsylvania 45
I SOft Chicago Crude 2O
! 100 Oil City Petroleum 32
Street—
j 200 Oil City. Petroleum 33
' Afternoon Session.
Board—
10O0 Senator «S
¦ lf.O Sterling » 2 7.%
I 400 Monte Crtsto SO
*' - % ' . ' ¦¦
SAN* FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
j dsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 30] 100 Savage 59
60O Bullion 11 lfKX) Scorpion 02
100 Con C & Va.l 65l 2CO Seg Belcher.. ,07
2000 Con Imperial. C2| SCO Sierra Nev .. 53
2CO Crown Point. 231 200 St Louis 11
200 Hale & Norc. 05 3C0 Union Con .. 88
2*> Mexican ..,..1 85 200 Utah 22
100 Ophir 4 80"
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 471 200 Overman .... 32
70O Con C & Va.l *K>! ICO Union Con .. 88
30O Crown Point. 21 10O Yellow Jacket 47
ICO Mexican 1 75J
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornintr Session.
500 Belcher 30; 2UO Mexican 180
100 Caledonia ...1 20 '
Afternoon Session.
30O Andes 4S 20O Ophir 4 8O
100 Andes 47 100 Overman .... 33
400 Belcher 29 500 Savage 59
10O Gould & Cur. 43 ICO Stiver Hill .. 67
500 Justice 06 100 Union Con . . 85
100 Mexican 1 80
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Evelyn 3311300 Ton Midway. 39
200 Mont Ton. .1 27^ 2CO Ton N Star.. 31
400 Rescue 09 200 Ton N Star.. 33
500 Ton Belmont. S9l
Afternoon Session.
50 Bunker Hill.. 2 CO! 100 Rescu* 08
900 Evelyn 34 10O Ton Belmont. 61
30O Mont' Ton. .1 27*j 500 Ton Belmont. "SO
ICO Mont Ton ..1 :h> 2OO Ton N Star.. 32
1000 Paymaster ... 12 400 Wild Goose.. 2 50
200 Paymaster ... Ill
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. March 3—4 p. m.
. Bld.AsK. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 08 07IJustice .. OtJ 07
Alta «* lOfKentuck . 02 03
Andes - 47 49iKeyes Graea.. — 1 75
Belcher 29 3Oii,ady Wash.. — €«
Best & Belch.a CO 2 20 Mexican 1 75 1 80
Bullion 10 11 j Occidental ... 8;$ 85
Caledonia ...1 20 1 23iOphlr 4 75 4 80
Challenge Con 35 36 [Overman .... 32 33
Chollar 19 20jPotosi 17 IS
Confidence ...1 10 1 2OfSavage .. 58 59
Con C & Va.l 53 X «5 Scorpion 02 03
Con Imperial. C2T 03 Seg .Belcher.. Cfl 07
Con NY 03 05 Sierra Net .. M 51
Crown Point. 20 22 1 Silver Hill .. «5 «7
East Sierra N 05 — jst Louli .... 11 13
Eureka Con... — CO. Syndicate ... M C3
Exchequer ... 15 171 Union Con ..85 88
Gould & Cur. 41 43!Utah 20 21
Hale & Norc. * W 08 Yellow Jacket 46 47
Julia :. 04 05 - < ¦
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 1S Ray Ton — 1(
Esperanza ... — 01 Ray & OBrlen — M
Gipsy Queen. — 30 Rescue 07 Of
Gold Anchor. 13 25 Ton Betmont. CO «3
Hannapah ... — 15 Ton & Cal .. — 2t
Hannapah Ma — 25 [Ton Exten . . • CO 71
MacNamara . IS 20 Ton of Nev. .5 75 6 f<
Mont Ton..l 27^ 1 ."JJ Ton N Star.. 32 3J
Nevada Chief. — 40 Ton Midway. 38 4<
N Y Ton .... — 02 Ton Superior; — 11
Paymaster .... — 12 United Ton... -"•• U
Ray Eaten .-. — IB
FRUIT— Apricots, '8'4@10i/4c for Royals and
9®12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4W@
rja;c; sun-dried. 394@4V4c; ; Peaches, 5@7>4c;
Pears 8@llV4c; Nectarines. ' 5@5Vac; Figs,
white S@4c In boxea; black. 4'/ic; Plums, pit
ted. 5(?8c pcr.lb./
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2%©2%c for the four
sizes. •-¦¦¦-.¦...- -. ' '¦¦ ¦
'RAISINS— The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: ' Standard grades, 00-lb cases — 2
crown Loos* • Muscatels, " . BVic • s per ; lb;
3-crown. 5%c: 4-crown, WV4c: Seedless Loose
Muscatels, 4V4c: Seedle** floated. 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose. Re: 3-crown Malaga loose. 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4»$c: Seedless
Thompsonj,. unbleached. 5V4c Layers, -per 20
lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dehesa . clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters
$2; » 3-crown London Layers, • $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers, $125; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layer*. Seeded— Fancy I6-01
cartons, per lb, 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package, 6%c; fancy, bulk cartons," per lb. 74c;
choice 16-oi cartons, per lb. 7»4c: choice 12-o«
carton*. - per . package. 6%c; choice ¦-. bulk car
tons,'per lb. 7%c;.16-or cartons, seeded Seed
lings, '•¦ Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-oa cartons,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb, 5%c;.*ulk,
seeded Seedling*. Muscatels, per. lb,- 0%c. /¦.-$
1 NUTS— Walnuts, No.- 1 softshell, 13^@l4c;
No. 2, 11%®12c;;No. 1 hardshell, 13®13V»c;
No. 2, 11®11%c;. Almonds, ll%c for Nonpa
riel*. 1 l^c'for 1 X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and !)Vic for Languedoc; Peanuts, 0S"c for
Eastern: Pecans. 11 ©13c: CocoanutB. $4 50<S5
-HONEY— Comb. 10@ll%e for'white and Sh-t
(!8Uc for. amber; water white extracted.- 5@
6)S4c;, light amber - extracted. 3%@4^4c; dark.
KUc;. light ambers extracted. 4V4®4?ic; dark.
3*f (R4c. , . ; - . ¦• ¦ ¦ .¦ .'* . . ¦
BEESWAX— 27©2»c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins, Honey
Ccpper was unchanged at £. r .6 15s for spot
rnd £00 15s for futures in the London market.
Locally copper Is. quiet. ¦ Lake, electrolytic and
carting are quoted at $12 25312 50.
L««d advanced 2s 6d to £12 in London and
wa* firm hern e.t $4 *>0<fJ4 65.
Spelter wa* unrhanffed nt £22 2s 5d In Lon
don and At $3 0:1*05 15 in the local market. .
Iron closed at Ms In Glasgow and at 42s. tid
ln Mlddlesboro.. Locally iron' "is unchanged
No. 1 foilndry. Northern. $14 7SS15 25; No. 2
foundry, Northern, -$14 25(5?14 75; No 1 foun
dry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry. Southern
soft, $13 25@13 75.
NEW YORK, March's.— Tin declined 6s 5d
to £124 for. spot and £124 7* Pd for futures In
the London market. Locally tin was un
changed at t2$G2?. 40. .
Nezv York Metal Market.
Weather Report.
<12oth Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 3—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as corr-iiared with those of the same date
,- laft season, and the rainfalls In the lart twen
tj-foUr hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eurrka 1.42 40. t« 42.20
Red BlufT O.C2 20.40 1T.8O
¦Facramtnto Trace 10.03 11.71
f-iLT. Francisco.. Trace 13. JO 11. C7
'• Fr»>eno 0.00 3.W 5.85
Independence ... 0.00 1.4)6 1.61
B. L. Obifpo 0.00 S.CC 12.80
Lo? Aagelea o.OO 3.22 8.61
fan Ztifgo q.qq j.33 9.05
m THE COAST KEOORD.
i 2 s i i T~
• ™- MUM IH
* * *
. rarallon 3A. 07 S3 57 W Cloudy Itil
Baker ..80.08 30 28 EE Snow .28
. Carson ! .30.02 «O 3rt SW Cloudy T.
Eureka 30. f« t8 r.2 N Rain '42
. Fresno 30.02 60 T,t ft clear .00 \
Flarstaff 29.W! «2 24 SW Cloudy 00
.. Point Reyes.. 30. 03 57 fK) PW Cloudy 00
Pocatelio .:«>.36 42 2ft W f>t Cldy "00
. Jr-deijendence .29.84 72 4S EE v Clear *00
- I>w Anieelfs. .SO.OO 72 !iO W Clear *«O
. North Head... ».!» 4S 38 SW Cloudy *24
:- 1'hoenix 23. M fe8 50 NW Pt.Cldy 00
; Mt Tamalpal*.;tn,07 C7 47 SW Cloudy '01
Portland 23.94 42 38 NE Cloudy '»fi
•'Jlfd Bluff 29.08 5« f>2 SE Cloudy "02
. Rcs^burg 29.98 52 40 SW Pt.Cldy '.U4
¦ '¦ Eacramcnto ..30.O2 60 fid SE Rain T
. Bull Lake 35.O1 40 24 NW Clear 06
Fan FrancJsco.SO.OP <V) 82 W Clondy T
- .F L. Ol,ispo... < W».04 70 SS W Cloudy .00
San Dif-go 20.08 64 4S W Clear .00
" Prattle 2».M 44 3S SE Cloudy .22
fpokane 30.02 SO 20 E Br.ow .14
Tetrmrh . 29.70 46 88 S Rain .14
'Yi'alla v;alla.Sf».O2 32 3O SW gnow ,18
Winnemucca .30.02 51 23 NE Cloudy .01
Tuma 29.84 R8 -.V» i.E Pt.Cldy .00
TIXATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Unsettled wcathvr prevail* over the north
wertrrn rcrtlon of the country. A moderate
ileturbauce overlies Washington and generous
re-ine have fallen over Washington, Oregon and
J>r,rtl-.ern Callfoi-nia.
Th« teirr>erature has risen 20 degrees at
• Winnrmucca and has fallen 12 degrees at San
' tu!« Obirpo.
. The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatnc*h. 52 mile* from the east;
JCorth Head, 30 east.
At Eurrka 1.22 inches of rain ha* fallen
In the start twelve hour*.
The following ri\-er readings are reported:
Marysvill*. 1.V7. falling: Tehama. 11.9, faU-
Inr; Sen Joaquin Bridge. I3.«, falling. At
• other points the river-B are below the rer»ortlng
• *tare. •
Forecast ma<5<« at San FraneJsco for thirty
fc«ur«. erfliryj midnlpht. March 4:
Northern California — CI0UJ7. unsettled
APPLES — $1 7B«?2>per box for extra fancy;
$1250150 for ordinary, fancy. S5c@$l for
choice and 35<{?C5c for common.
, pEAR£3 — Winter Nellia from cold storage (re
packed). $2 5003 per bos.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 5002 5O
per box for fancy. $15*1 50 for choice and 85cf>
$1 10 for standards; Seedlings. 5Oc@$l : Tan
gerines, 75c® $1 25 per box; Lemons. SI 75(BU 50
for fancy, $1 25<gl 80 for choice and 75c©$I for
standard; Grape Fruit. $1 25S2 25; Mexican
Limes. $C@fl 50: Bananas. $1®2 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $1 G0ff2 25 for Central Ameri
can; Pineapples. $1 50©2 50 per dozen.
-. Receipts of Oranges were light and stocks
were not very heavy, but the market was quiet,
as there was nothing doing in the shipping
line and the threatening weather discouraged
local buyers, who purchased no more than ab
solutely necessary to supply the regular trade.
-The managers of the Orange auction announced
,that there were only thrge cars In Bight for
to-dny's sale. The best grades of Lemons,
Grape Fruit and Tangerines were . firmly held
nt the maximum quotations, but moved slowly.
,The cheaper' grades of all three descriptions
Were offering at.unsteady rates, but were over
looked by buyers.
There. was no change in Apples or. Pears:
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Shareholders of the United Gas and Electric
Ccmpany are reported to have received $35 per
share for their stock in bonds of. the California
Gas and Electric Corporation. There are 22,
2SC shares ln the United Gas and Electric.
At the annual meeting of the Marin County
Water Company the old directors and officers
were re-elected as follow*: A. W. Foster,
president; Robert . Watt,- vice president; James
E. Bell. .Colin M. Boyd and J. W.- LUlcnthaL
A. D. Harrison was re-elected secretary. Dur
ing the past year the company continued - to
pay regular quarterly dividends at 75 cents
per share.
The California Stock and Oil Exchange has
listed Pennsylvania Mining. Development and
Oil Company, the' company having outstand
ing 155.0G0 shares, and the -Monarch Pool
Company.
The Anglo-Californian Bank was ex-dlvi
denci of $2 50 yesterday. . The annual report
of the director* will be found In the first
cfclumn.
The sugar stocks led In interest on the
morning session of the Stock and Bond Ex
change, Paauhau selling up to $13 12Vi. Hono
kaa up to $12 and . Hutchlnson up to $8 75.
Business was more active in stock*, but less
active ln bonds. - reversing recently prevailing
conditions. The oil stocks were quiet. .
: In the afternoon the sugar stocks . continued
active and rising. Paauhau selling up to
914 12J4, Hutchinson to $9 25 and Honokaa to
$12 50. Spring Valley Water was lower, sell,
ing off to ?"¦>:> 50.
The Sugar Stocks Suddenly
'Active and Higher.
Exchange and Bullion. [.
New York Telegraphic Exchange Is higher
ani in demand. The approach of tax assess
ment day, which falls on Monday next may
ha\e something to do with this. Silver is a
frertion weaker. . . .
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. w . $4 H4V,
< Sterling Exchange, si^ht _ 4 S7V>
j Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 gs'A
New York Exchange, eight-::... 15
! New York Exchange, telegraphic. 20
j Silver, per ounoe 57$'
J Mexican Dollars,, nominal — 47 1£
I -• • : — ; — ; _ ;. ...
Wheat and Other Grains.
j WHEAT— The markets everywhere ar»
I quiet, except at Chicago.- which continues to
fluctuate, declining yrsterday from iHVic to
lil'/ic and recovering. to 021,4c. Foreign cables
were Indifferent; The weather In the South-
I west conrliiued cold and ' dry. ' ' ¦
! Ill- this market futures were lower, especially
December, which declined rrem" $1-42 to $1 HSV,
on the moraine session. A better feeling was
I reported In' the cash Kialn in spite of the In
' disposition to hold stock v pn tax assessment
I day! but quotations' remained unchanged
CASH WHEAT. ,
; California Club. $1 484©1 47H; California
I White Australian, $1 52MK?ji 57^; Northern
j Club, $1 42%«?1. 47H; Northern Bluestem.
I $1 O2'^@l 57',i per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.V : "-•'"-.
Open. "High. Low. Close.
Mny $14.1 $145 , «1 424 • $1 43% ¦
December^.. 1-4U4 141% I 381? VI 39% '
. . , 2x>. m. Session. ':.
*Open. High. Low. Cloae i
May..,. $1 43W,._$1 43% ; $1.43 . $1 43
December ... 1 39 1 30 1 3S% 1 3$%
•BARLEY— The< cash grain was much weaker
on 'Chance, and from opening sales at $1 10
declined to $1 07 Vi at the close. The cause of
the decline ws» attributed partly to the ab
sence of demand, partly to the approach of
tax assessment day and partly:to a report that
a firm holding a 'large -.line In warehouse were
Belling !t off. There was.no change in futures.
CASH, BARLEY.
Feed.. $1 mi&Gl 10; "Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $115@117&; Chevalier. .$1 171431 40 for
fair to choice. ¦¦. •- • -
FUTURES. .
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
- Open. . ; High.' • Low. Close.
Decemtwr ...$1 02 $1 02% $102 $1 02H
2 p. '¦" m. Session, \
December— $1 02.-'" ; . ;
OATS— The situation; developed, nothing new
yesterday, the ¦ market being firmly held but
quiet ,. .-..'"• .. " • . • ; . '. . r ¦ -
.White. "$127%@1 37>t; Black. $1 25S1 55-
Red, $1 £5^1 3.1; Gray. $1 3»H per ctl.
¦ COR*S*— Continues ; firm , and ln fair demand
at previous prices.'- " '¦ ,. ¦ •. .' .
Western sacked. .$1 37%@1 40 '; for Yellow.
$1 37%@1 40, for 'White: and $133 fof-Mixed;
California large yellow.- $1 37%©l!42%; small
round do. $1:50;' White/ $1 37%@l ; 40-per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 45@1 50 for white and $1 27 y,®
1 30 for brown. = . ,
BYE-J1 30©l 32H' Per ctL:':^'"'.
BUCKWHEAT-^1 75©2 per ctl.
¦ ¦¦'•-'¦. ¦ } . ¦ ¦¦-•;,¦• - - . ., • \
- *¦ Flour and Millstuffs.
¦ FLOUR— California'; Family. Extras $4 80®
5 10.* usual terms; , Bakers' Extra*. $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington,' Jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl. • ¦-* ¦"-'-' -*.,' ¦}¦'.'¦- ¦ ""
', MILLSTUFFB-^Prlcee': In packajjes" are m 1
Flour qr sks .. 13,".04i Hran. sks 4,177
Wheat ctU 440 Shorts, sks .... 23C
Potatoes sks .. "-0 Flaxseed. sks... 3Jt
FOR THURSDAY, MARCH 3.
Flour, qr ska . : 20.C57 Screenings, sks.. 436
Wheat ctls vl2.115|Sujrar. ctls ' 4,050
Barley' ctls .... 55,379 |Tall»w, ctls ... 220
Rye, ctls 070, Hides. No l.*.f>
Beans sks 704! Pelts, No 67C
Onions sks ;1,414 Leather, rolls... 228
Potatoes sks .. 6,S2C'Ume, bbls 273
Bran, sks 30; Paper, reams .. e.15
Hay. tons 441 j Wine, gals 49.5r>A
Wor>l bales 4S| Raisins, bxs .. 1.000
Feed, sks 22 •
ORFGOV
Bran sks 2.S07I Feed, sks 300
WASHINGTON.
Receipts of Produce.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is re
ceiving a little more attention and holders are
afkfng slishtlv better prices for prime. Com
mon, 4<ar>c: prime, 5V4«9o%c; choice, SiilTOc
fnney, C^j!5'7c. ¦ . ¦
PRUNES— Steady to firm, with quotations
rarcin™ from 3>fcc to 0%c for all grades.
APRICOTS are ln light supply and the mar
ket shows a hardening tendency. Choice
n»i(f?lOc; extra choice, 10«4®10-"-4c, and fancy
12«?15c.
PEACHES— Are In limited supply and firm
Clinice, 7>,$eSc; extra choice, ~%QSV i c: fancy
8<gl0c. . ,
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady: No. 7 invoice
6V4@llc; Cordova, 10<&'1.1c. The futures mar
ket closed steady. 20 to 30 points net lower
Sales, 02.000 bar*, including: M.ay r> 4n»i
5.r>0c; July. 5.70tf.V75c; Aupust. "5.8o@5 00c-
Srptember, 5.00@5.f)5c; October, 0.05c; Dec-em
ber, 6.2%'.
DRIED FRUITS.
PETROLEUM— Steady. Refined New York
8.75c; Philadelphia and Baltimore, 8 70c'
Philadelphia ami Baltimore in bulk, 3 80c
SUGAR— Raw, firm. Fair refining, ' 2Ti C .
centrifural. M test. 3%c; molasses sugar"
2%c. Refined was firm.
WOOL — Firm
NEW YORK. March S.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,000 barrels; quiet.
V.HE AT— Receipts. 61.400 bushels; exports,
23,.VX) bushels. Suot was weak. No. 2 red'
?l 04 elevrtor and ?1 ozr Q l os f. o. b. afloat :
No. 1 Northern Duluth. ,«1 OSJ-i f. o. b. afloat.'
Option? opened firm, advanced on better early
cables, continued severe weather West, com
mission house buying and covering. Later
there wa« a sharp break under realizing The
£l°^, Wa 2. weak at l *W%* net" loss. May,
*1 Oligl C3U, closed *1 00%: July. 07@9a%c
closed t>7*ic: September closed at 8Hc - '
HOI'S — Firm. Pacific Coast, 1904, 27®33c
HIDKS— FIRM. . •«f.>ac.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. March 3.— The cotton market
closed steady. 957 17 points higher on the old
crop, while the new crop months were 3 points
lower to 15 points higher.
F or eign- Futures: \
LIVERPOOL. "
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening « 11^ 0 ny, « 51
Closing 0 10% 6 9 0 S%
PARIS.
Wheat — • March. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 00 22 45-
Closing « 22 00 2» 40 *
Flour — ,• : - ¦ , •
Openlnar 30 00 30 45
Closing 30 15 • 30 CO
5"/. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, March .•?.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 17@21%c 
light fine, 10(&17H'C; heavy fine, 12&14Uc; tub
washed. 20Q30&C. ;
Northern Wheat Market..
OREGON.
PORTLAND; aiarch 3. — Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 77c: blue stem, i;2e; valley. Sic.
WASHINGTON.
TA COM A, N March X— Wheat, unchanged
blue stem, 84c; club, 78c. t '
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. March 3.— Clearings, $802 338 •
balances, $140,750. *av-.*ia.
TACOMA. March 3.— Clearings, $350 400
balances, $50,700.
PORTLAND, March 3.— Clearings, $542,644
balances,- $7S,12.'5. . . '
SPOKANE, March 3.— Clearings, $434,574 •
balances, $105,222.
; Dealers are at their wits" ena to know what
to do with' their load of Egssi. It is too early
to store them with ¦ safety, the demand is not
sufficient to absorb one-quarter of the stocks
and the caily receipts continue very heavy.
The market continues to decline every day, but
the lower it gets the duller it gets. Cards
were sent cut yeiterday by commission houses
offering the pick of their floors ln lots to suit
at 17c, and sales of store at 14'/ac were re
ported. Same houses did not ask over KJc for
the be*t ranch.
Receipts were 20,500 lbs Butter. 14G7 cases
Eggs and 50,800 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 22@23c
for extras, 2o@21e for firsts and 18<gi9c for sec
onds; dairy. lS@20r; store Butter, nominal;
cold storage, 20ffr21c for extras, lsjj'ioe for
seconds and lfiiglSc for ladle-packed.
CHEESE — S%®10c for good to choice new
and 7iQSc for lower grades; Young Americas,
lo&ltc: Eastern. 15&ltSc; Western. 14@15c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 16@17c; store. 14>4@15c -per
dozen. . .' \
The weakness in Butter continue* and the
tendency Is to sell, even at concessions. Buy
ers are holding off and the market Is quiet.
Stocks continue in excess of market require
ments.
Cheese runs along in the same old rut, being
in enormous supply and demoralized.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short billsi is m per cent and for three months'
bill* Z%<S3 3-16 per cent.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
Cons for money.. S5% X Y Central. .."! .117^
Do for acct.85 0-10 Nor & Western 57*
Anaconda .T^ Do pfd 89
Atchison 67V4 Ont & Western.. 20 ?i
do pfd JH'i Pennsylvania S8U
Bal & Ohio 76% Rand Mines fr\
Can Pacific 113% Reading 2Z*l
Ches & Ohio.... 30% Do 1st pfd XS
Chi Great West.. 15 Do M pfd 28%
Chi. Mil & St P.14.J So Railway ; .... lt»v!
De Beers ifti.4 Do pfd. SliI
Den & Rio G.... 19. jSo Pacific 4r.1I
Do pfd CS Union Pacific... 76
Erie 23% 'Do pfd 90
Do 1st pfd U4%!U S Steel 11U
Do 2d pfd S»UI Do pfd....... 573?
Ill Central l.TO^ 1 Wabash lfi.il
Louis & Nash.. 105 14I Do pfd... 241I
M. K & Tex 15Vil *
¦ Bar silver — Quiet. 2ti%d per ounce.
Money — 2>Aig,2% per cent.
% London Closing Stocks.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkey*. 20®22c per lb;
live Turkeys. 10@17c per lb: Geese, per pair,
$2tf2 2o; Gcwlings. ; Ducks. $5 5C@tf 60
per dozen for old and $(¦ 50@7 50 for young;
Hens, $6 50©7 for large and $5<BH for
email; youns Roosters. $« 504*7 CO; old Roos
ters. $5«f5 5t; Fryers. ?5 50tS6; Broilers, ?5@
5 50 for large and $4 5<i'«r> for small; Pigeons,
$1 ""fil T>0 per dozen for old and $2 25(fi2 50
for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Gees*. $3 per doz: White Geese.
$l*fl 50: Brant. $1 ">0 for small and $-' 50 for
laige; Honkers. $4 for small and $¦"> for large;
Rabbits. $1 50@2 for Cottontail* and $1@1 25
for lirush; Hare, $1 25ijjl 50.
Receipts of domestic Poultry were moderate,
but the market developed a weaker tone, as re
tailers were well supplied, having purchased
freely of Western stock en the preceding day.
Hens and old Roosters particularly were, dull
owing to the abundance of Western, but young
Roosters and Broilers were steady, with sup
plies limited. A enr of Western is scheduled
for to-day's market. Game was unchanged,
with receipts Just about sufficient to satisfy
the demand.
Poultry and Game.
Money and Stocks.
Latest mail reports from New York say of
BKlKf and stock?:
. "A good Oeal of ur.neopt?ary apprehension
exist* regarding the Northern Securities de
ri.--'ion. which if shortly ex^x-cted. This, It is
r'-r.c-rai!y tw.eved. will be adverse; puch a
rt-sult having already been largely, if not
¦fu'.Sy. •lisceur.ted. PerVaps the mott depress
ir^ home influtnee. however. Is the immen.«e
lixnmw of new securities by our lcaJir.g
railroad oorrroratieni?. with the c»r:a:nty that
«"r.n«dcrn.b!«' additional amounts are still held
back for suitable opportunities. It is now ar
yu< <i that th.'se new issues are unwise and
unr.i-oe*?!iry; in many cas** they are impera
tive and in the long run will prove wise; but
¦*&*>>¦ come at an unlortumite tim?. when in
¦w-riorf are ?hy. «!ion profit? wen likely to
•incline ar.d when confidence has not fully re
rovcr*d from the vicissitudes of lMtt. No doubt
thow at the head of these oprations. being
m«-r of r^oved capacity. appreciat<' the un
favorable rendition" 1 which they have to en
rour.ter. and have puided thernsf'.ves aeenrd
!::?•'>•. Still, an incrf-ase cf several hundroj
rr.::iior.s cf new securities at a time of ren
*ra! rtaction or readjustment 1e not a bull ar
gument, but abapUr evidence of the urgent
<i.n~.and for better ti-ansportation facilities that
rr.urt be sa.tis-Scd. It followF. of course, that
in owe of pninug the market the poor Et—
otirities will »u!I<?r most, the better (Trades
taking care of themselves. N»t earnings for
January and Febmar>' are likely to make poor
< or.-.pariscr.F. owir.g to decreased traffic and
inireaeed expenses resuitinx frcm the severe
(rioter, •which hes been hard upon the rolling
eux-k of all northern roaos. The reaction in
I jrJntff is also telling, and If having its tf
fect ur>on rates, causing an outbreak of cut
ting 00 rome of the trurjc lines. Evidently
i!if community of interest idea is not as po
• t<r.t a« when tmffic was plentiful. The Preai
df^tial campaign as a.buslnti?e factor is often
? xaggerated. A few new enterprises may b«
li'-ferred during the uncertainty, but the great
mass cf consumption and production go on
«bout as usual, and thin year the issues do
rot promise to be as trciting or disturbing as
thost of li»C0 and 1S3«.
"The local money market appears quite pe
rene the Panama canal paj-mrau. firmer for
*iK.n exchanire or disturbances abroad having
no appreciable effect here. Funds are plenti
ful, but banks are not eefking borrowers
Thi!i» conditions abroad are po unsettled. Liqui
dation hae br<tn so thorough that much less
xncney ie tied up in speculation than formerly,
aad this partly accounts for abundance."
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,
14c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20Vic: Astral SOiJc;
Star EO'/jc: Extra Star, 24ty,c: Elaine. 26MiC;
Eocene. 23Vic? Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk, lflc; In cases, 22 Vic; Benzine. In bulk,
13c; In caces. 10V.C; SC-degree Gasoline in
bulk. 25c; in ca*&B.- 31c. ¦ '
TURPENTINE — S4c per gallon In casea and
7Sc in dnms and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead, ft^i©
7c per lb; White Lead. »5Vi®7c. according to
quantity. ;
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in ICO-lb bags;
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. CSoe;
Powdered. 5.4lte; Candy Granulated, 5.40c; Dry
Granulated, fine; 5.:5Oc: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.;'.Cc; Fruit Granulated. S.."JCc: Beet Granulated
UOO-lb bags only). r>.10c: Confectioners' A.
5.20c: Magnolia A. 4.90c; Extra C. 4.80c;
Golden C. 4.70c; "D." 4.«Oc; barrels. lCc more;
half barrel?, 23c more; boxes. 3Oc more; 5O-lb
bag". lCc more for ell kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.80c; boxes. 6.03c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnds. S.:»0c per lb. No order* taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5^©5%c spot and 5%c
June-July; Sun Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags.
32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7Vi@Sc.
COAL — Wellington. ?S per ton: New Wel
lington. |8: Seattle. SB 50: Bryant. $C 50; Bea
ver Hill. $•".; Standard. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $3 50; Greta. J7: Wallsend. 57: Richmond.
%1 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14,
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $3 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50#i:{
per ton in bulk and $15 ln sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 60
per long ten, according to brand.
OILS — Quotation* are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon fcr boiled and
47c for raw; Castor OH, in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 10ft?l 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 60®7Oc per gallon;
Cocoanut OH. In barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, Sjc: natural winter sperm Oil, SOc; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. C5c: natural Whale
Oil, COc; extra winter strained Lard OH. 7,*ic;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 6Pc: pure NeaUfoot Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neatufoot Oil. C3c: light Herring Oil.
4.-,c: dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. :'&c;
boiied Fish Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. SSc; boiled
Paint OH. "."c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock*— Sales. High. Low. Close
Atchison 4,000 <53Vi C5% 63*,
Atchiron pfd 500 8!) bS-i sst;
Baltimore & Ohio.. 4.200 75',i 75 t? 75
Bait &. Ohio pfd... , .... S7i»
I Canadian Pacific... 900 111 110*i lloii
Cent of New Jersey .* 153
Ches & Ohio " ,-.. 29«4
Chicago & Alton... 5,800 39% 3"3i 3«j?4
Chi & Alton pfd... ISOO 83 82^4 82
Chi & Great West. 300 14 «i 14 U 14*;
chi & n w :. .... lc; >.-£
Chi Mil & St Paul. 4,400 13314 139 • 13a4t
Chi Mil & St P pfd i7 3
Chi Term & Trane. 7C0 10 0T4 a»i
Chi T & T pM.... 000 21»i 20% 20>i
C C C & St Louis ? .. 751?
Colo Southern 500 16V4 16»4 18 i;
Colo So 1st pfd 54 '
Colo So End pfd 300 2?,% 23% 23'*
Del & Hudson 500 155 154 % 154%
Del Lack & West 260
Denver &. R G .... . ujk
D * R G pfd 100 60 CS C5%
Erie l.CCO 23U 23V6 23U
Erie 1st pfd 1,900 C2">4 62U B2«4
Erie 2nd pfd 300 3ST4 38% 38V-
Hocking Valley 72M>
Hocking Val pfd 7s2
Illinoij' Central. :n t'OO 12««4 120% 120V.
Iowa Central 200 16% 18 ; 18^
Iowa Cent pfd 33
Kanras City So " 17
K C So prd 32
Louisville & Nash. 1.400 lOTJ'/j 102% lfx;
Manhattan L 500 143»4 143U 143»1
Met Secui itietr 84 '"
Met St Ry 300 J15H 114% 114Si
Minn & St Louis.. ; 53
MStP&SSM... 700 Cl^i til j;ou
M S P & S S Mprd us
Missouri Pacific... 2,400 SS% SS\i, PSU
Mo Kan & Texas.. 200 16% 10%. 15V.
Mo K & T pf<l. ....• .... ...I .... 35^
N R R of Mex pfd. .... 35/4
JC^w York Ceutral. 700 114% 114% 114V2
Norfolk & Western 100 Cii«i 5o4 55 u.
Ncr & West pfd.., / ;... 85'
Northern. Bee * K>'/4
Ontario &. West 500 20% • 20li 20%
Pennsylvania 9.700 113% H3U H3v
Pitu c c i st l r,o
P.eadin? 700 40^ 40>-i 40i,i
Heading let J>fd... 100 7CU 76>4 .. 75
Reading 2nd pfd... . 50
Rock Inland Co . 300 20% "OVt 20V4
Rock Island Co pfd 200' «l»/i 01 u iji ia
Et L & 8 F 2nd pfd 300 42U 42 42Vk
I Bt Louis S W , i3i*
St L S W pfd .! 100 81 31 31
Southern Paclflc. .. 44% 43% 43%
Southern Railway.. 400 \U 10 lSa,
So Railway pfd... . 100 ~St\b 7916 TaVi
Texab A Pacific... .... ..}. . .. 22'i
Toledo 8t li &. W.". 100 24 ',4 » 24% 23'?
T Et L & W pfd v .. . 33«
Union Pacific 600 74V« 73H 7">%
Union Pac pfd .... suit
Wabash 100 17% 17% 17%
Wabash pfd 1,100 3.{% 22'A Sid
Wheeling A L E..: .... .... 15
Wisconsin Central. 100 17% 17% 17%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 100 41 41 40%
Express Companies —
Adam* ...'.... .... 220
American '..'.. .... 185
I'nlted States ..... 10.J
WelU-Farco 205
1 Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 8.200 47 46ft 40%
Amer C & Fdy r<00 20U 10% 20
Amtr. C & F pfd.. 1,000 70 C8% 70
Amer Cotton OH... 200 2'J% 20»4 29-
Am Cotton OH pfd • ; 8S
American Ice .... ., 7%
American Ice pfd.. 300 30 Z0K 30%
Amrr Linseed Oil.. .'. 9
Amer Lin Oil pfd.. 27
Amer Locomotive.. 8,800 23»4 22% , 22%
Amcr. Loco pfd 1,700 82 8U4 81%
Amcr Smelt A Rfg. 300 47 H 47 K 47
Aroer S & R pfd... 2O0 !»0H 90 90
Amer Sugar Rfg.l. 5,500 126H 125 120U
Anacor.da Min Co. 04 .
Brooklyn Rap T... 7.300 41% 41% " 41%
Colo Fuel ft Iron.; .... 30
Consolidated Gas.:. 3,000 ,U>4% 103 194H
Corn Products .. 4,800 1814 18 18%
Corn Products pfd. ..... ........ 68'
Distillers' Secur.;..* 100 "24 "24 23H
General Electric... .200 161 161 J(5o>4
Inter Paper .. 11%
Inter Paper pfd..... ."... .... 65
Inter * Pump. .'. .;:... .... ....''3.1
Int«r Pump. pfd..::. .:.. . 7lVi
National Lea.!. ".....'... .... ..... 14%
North American .... SI •
Pacific Mall TOO 27ft SC^ 2i>A
J NEW YORK, March 3.— To-day's etock mar-
I ket was as sUgpent as a pond without inlet or
I outlet It was only in stocks of a minor grade
j and which are usually obscure ln the market
• ,, at movements were distinguishable at
J all. There were a few advances of a point cr
more In this class. Thoee advances/gave the
I impression of firmnesfe u, the market, which
V.OUIJ have been otherwise without any tone
1 There were a few weeks in the summer of 1900
wh?n the averape dealings were near to the
present level of dullness, but the dullness then
,was regarded as seasonable and probably tem
porary, and carried with It none of the pro
found discouragement which now pervades
\\all street regarding any chance for better
business in securities. Commission houses do
business at a loss and the nominal price cf
btock Exchange seats shows a sagging ten
atney. thouga no sales are reported It Is
I pe^^ry to co back to the bad old times prior
to 1M». to find any exact parallel lo the present
•feeling in street. That was a time cf a
Melees stock market and idle millions of sur
plus reserve* in the banks and call loans at
I nominal figures day after day. The fixtures
or Uie date on or before March 23 for paying
over the Government deposits to be used in the
Panama canal payments opens the way for
clearing up one of the uncertainties hansinc
«v*r the marHet. The $10,000,000 paid to the
Panama republic simply goes from one set of
bank vaults and from the suhtreasury into an
other tank vault, so that local bank reserves
are the gainers to the extent of the payment
frcm the sublrea^ury. It has been allowed to
be understood al-o that the Panama republic
contemplates withdrawing- only 20 per cent of
itfc payments from New York, leaving *S,000 .
000 for investment here. The transfer of the
I remaining $4«.oOO.OfX> is expected alro to in
! crease the noney supply in New York, both
\ by transfer? from interior Government depos
itories and by payment from the gubtreasury
But the <.-;f«»(.i of the actual distribution to the
canal companies' shareholders is a more obtuse
j problem in Its effect*. The accumulation of
j exchange alrecdy made by the bankers having
the operation .n charge and the proportion of
Panama cana] shares already held in this
country are the fr.ctors looked to to modify the
tffect of the payment.
Bends wire steady. Total sales, 11,035.000
United State* 2 advanced 14 per cent on call.
Ne7u York Stock Market.
Miscellaneous • Karkets. |
SHEEP— RectjiptB,;- 18,000;.'," sheep, steady;
Iambs, steady; -^ootl^to choice wethers, $4 25@
4 75; fair to' choice mlxeci; $3 500425; Western
sheep. $2.75i?4,75: native. jamb*, $4 50@5 70;
Western lambs, '$1 7o?jf> 70.' '' , f.j. ' '" -
HOGS— Receipts- t^-Say, 20.000; to-morrow,
20,00fi; slow to . higher; /'mixed and butchers,
$5 1505 '30; good to chaise >heavy, $5 45@5 55;
rough .heavy. $5 20^5 4i>; .•.light, $4 60@5 25;
bulk of sales, $5 liOjg 5 ;45. •¦»?-¦•-
CHICAGO, -March 3.— CATTLE— Receipts,
S500; strong; fjood fo prime steers, .$5(g5 76;
poor to medlmni ; ,?3 50@4 90; stocker8 and feed
ers, 12 50©4 25;. cows. $i C0@4; heifers, $2®
4 50;- canners,, $1,50(02 50; bulls, $2@4 15;
calves. $3@tj 50; Texa'e led eteers, $4@4 75.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — Wasting Common. 75
Call loans 3>4(S4% Mining —
Time loans ...4};@5 Adventure 2
Bonds — - Ailouez 314
Atchison 4s 9"H Amal Copper .... 46?i
Do adj 4* S7',^ Amer Zinc •. 7'
Mex Cent 4s 04Vi i Atlantic 7
Railroads — iBingham 19%
Atchison fiSH Calumet & Hecla.445
Do pfd SS\ Centennial ...... 16%
Boston & Albany.245^i Copper Range .. 40&i
Boston & Maine.lC5 Daly West .... 34
Boston Elev 138 Dom Coal 6514
Fitchburg pfd 136 Franklin 7%
Mex Central llVS:Grancy 314
N T, N H & H..l!K)> r i I»le Royale 78
Per* Marquette. . 7S Man Mining .... 3«4
Union Pacific..... 74 {Michigan 4\i
Miscellaneous — ! Mohawk 30
Amer Arge Chetn. 12%!Mont Coal & C. 2%
l>o pfd 73 'i Old Dominion 10'
Amer Pneu Tube. 48 ,Osceola '55 '4
Amer Sugar 126 iParrot 22V.
Amer Tel & Tel. 121 jQutncy 80
Amer Woolen ... 9%; Shannon 7%
Do pfd . .• 70% Tamarack 95
Ed Elec Ilium... 230 'Trinity 4%
Gen Electric 158 |U S Mining . 20
Mass Electric lSVi'U S Oil 8 T i
Do pfd 73% [Utah 33%
Mass Gas 3»% I Victoria 3
United Fruit 97 JWinona 5%
U S Steel.. II Wolverine 74%
Do pfd 50%'
N C Ky 5s. — — , Do 4s 2dm.lOO —
N C P C 5s. ~ 100 Do 4s 3dm. — 100
N S R R 5s. — lOOti Stkn G&ECs. — ICO
O O L H 5s.lO8 — |U G * E 38.103*4 —
O W gtd 5s. — lfiO •
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 41 iPort Costa.. — —
Martn Co... — C3 [S V W Co. 33U —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L 4 P. 3^ — ,3 P G t E. 56 57%
Mutual EL.— 12 >5;k n G & E 5 —
Pac L Co. . 55U — !U G A E. 30 40
TRUSTEES" CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — _|
INSURANCE. -' V Jt ¦
Flrem's Fnd.310 345 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am NU Bk. — 125 L P & A . . — IT*
Anglo-Cal .. S7V4 — Mer Trust... — 32S
Baalcof Cal. — 430 Merch Ex...— —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 s F Natlonl. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS .BANK3.
Ger S & L. — 2300 Sav 4 L So. - 100
, Hum a & L. — — Sec Sav Bk — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 _ L . nloa T Co. — —
S F Sar U.625. —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. _ 2C0 I Presidio - 41
Geary — go J
¦V POWDER.
GIa nt «1H 62 IVigorlt 3H —
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 20c 50c Kllauea S C. — 5
Hawaiian C. 44% 43 Malcawell C. 20^ 214
Honokaa S C 12 12^ Onomea S C - 27 £
Hutch S P C 9 - paauhau S C 13% MU
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.13H — lOceanie S C. 4% 4%
Ca F C A. 05 - Pac A ux FA. 5^ «
Sv**£?t£i5 l Pac c Bor *- m -
Morniftg Session.
Board —
20 California Wine Asfioclatlon... 02 50
10 California Wine Association... W 25
C5 Giant Powder Con 61 50
• 60 Honokaa S Co i«» i>>
250 Honokaa S Co, b « ...Ill 12 0O
40 Hutch inson S P Co . H jso
6O Hutchlnson S P Co 873
25 Paauhau S P Co 13 1314
.. J5 s P rin «f Valley Water Co 4O 0O
$1,000 Cal Gas & El Gen M & C T 33. 03 CO
$j,000 Loj Anff Ry 5 per cent 113 00
?-.Ow Spring Valley Water C» 104 30'
Street —
300 Paauhau S P Co 12 73
$1,000 Pac Electric Ry 5 per cent... 108 82«4
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 44 50
50 Honokaa S Co 12 5O
ICO Honokaa S Co 12 00
20 Hutchinson S P Co 9 00
150 Hutch inson S P Co 9 25
€0 Pauuhau S P Co 13 75
150 Paauhau S P Co 14 CO
90 Paauhau S P Co 14 12*4
SO Paauhau S P Co l.'i tm,
10 Spring Valley Water Co. ¦ 1O. 33 75
20 Spring Valley Water Co, a 10. 3» 82*4
10 Spring Valley Water Co. ¦ 90. 39 5<>
10 Spring Valley Water Co 39 75
10 Spring Valley Water Co 3a fi2tj
$5,000 Spring Valley « per cent 104 75
Street —
$4.0CO Cal Gas & El Gen M & C T 3s. 93 00
$1,000 S i' of C « per cent (1906).. 107 CO
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
r.ld.A'k. B!d.Afk.
Bay CPC ««.100 103 S P Co 4tfs. 8* 99
B L Wat e». — 120 Sun Tel 63.113 —
Cal NW 5s.. 110 115 Do 5s ....102% —
SF Drdk 5a. — 113 Suttr-«t RSa.105 113
SF & NPSiklllttlUti UR of SF 4s — 7»<4
S P C R 4s — 100
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co.. — 22 lNer Nat Bk. — 210
Cal Cot Mils— 85 IN S II R.. 11 —
Cal G&ECor. 40 — [N C P Co. 9 —
C Jockey Cl. 00 120 Oak Bk Sav. 112% —
Cal Powder. 125 — 'Oak T Con. 63 —
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 !IOOF Hall A 3% —
Cal T I & T.115 140 iOrpheum Co. — 16%
Cen Bk Oak. 63% — ! Pac S Tel.lOO 101
City & C Bk. — 112 Parnf Paint. 3S —
East Dynm.150 230 iS F. Drydocfc «O —
FN Bk Oak.120 — ISF&SJ Coal. 17% —
Fischer Thtr. 1 — IS J Wat Co. — lOrt
Frnch-A Bk.103 — SO & MTgb — 1G5
Gas Con A. 19% 21 Swlss-A Bk.U* —
Hono P Co. 10 — Truck Elec. — 13
Lon& SF Bk. — 60 UR InC pfd. UK —
Mat Nav Co. — 9O Do com .. 10'£ —
Mils Xat Bk.30O —
CHICAGO,- March 3. — On the Produce ¦ F,x
chanre ' to-day the butter market '. was . easier;'
creamery, 14(g 1 25>ic; dairies. 14#22c; -r. eggs,
steady at mark, cases included, 17®17i4c:
cheese, firm, 101,4(5 11 Vic. v ;
Butter, Chics'? and Eggs.
"An interim dividend of Cs per share was
paid in Septf^nber last and the directors now
propose to pay a further dividend of (is per
¦hare, together with a bonus of 4s per share,
ir.akinr the total distribution 8 i>er cent fcr
the year 1903, free of income tax; to place
£. W>00 to reserve fund, making it £100,000,
end to carry forward £11.302.
The directors announce with much regret
the rtsipnaticn of their valued colleague, Mr.
E. H. Lushirigton, on account of advanced
tpe. after having been a director of the bank
r-.TiCf 1*74. .The Rt. Hon. Charles T. Ritchie,
H. P.. has been appointed to fill the vacancy
tii-js caused."
At the thirty-first annual meetiag of the
shareholders of the Anglo-Califomlan Bank ln
iJpcaon the directors made the following state
ment lor 1903: "After making full provision
for bad and doubtful debts and allowing for
* charpes at San Francisco and London,
there ren:aln» £39.1S0 7s as the net profit
for the year. Adding to this £11,181 19g fed
brought forward from last year the sum of
£50.3Gf> cs Sd is available for appropriation.
Trorn this amount the directors have applied
£ 10,000 in writing down the bank's holding
in console to h5 aad all other ini-esunents to
bolow the market value.
Anglo-Calif or man Bank.
NEW YORK. March 3. -Close-Money on
?!l 3^ eady ,J lt l *®* P« r «««: losing,
l\s; citered at 1% per cent.
Time loans were easy; sixty days, 3 per
cent: ninety days, $3»i per cent; six months.
44MH per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4U®5V, per cent.
Sterling exchange was firm, with actual
S Ufin "« ln bankers' bills at $4.8G55«4.S060 for
demand and at *4.8M0€M.S370 for eixty days.
Posted rat«, $4 84^04 87 i^.
Commercial bill*. $4 S3%fi4 S3U.
Bar sliver. 57 3ic.
Mexican dollars, 45^4c.
Bonds— Go vernmenu, firm; railroads, steady.
New York Money Market.
j ¦ The demand for . table Potatoes . among re
| tailers was light and the market had an easy
1 tone. -, with Jobbers operating cautiously pend
-lng^the arrival of the Oregon steamer, which
.Is. due to-morrow, with liberal supplies. There
. were no '.strtctly fancy' river, or Oregon Bur
i banks offering from first hands and the top
; quotations were ghaded. Genuine ne,w Pota
j toes were in -KOod.- request at flrmei- rates.
I Onions .were In moderate supply and steady
•• at -better prices.; ;;.-. ;-; .
| ; The, bulk of the receipts of Peas from the
i south came, to hand ,in "poor condition, showing
the effects of the recent rain, and prices had a
. wider range. ,. Other vegetables* from the same
I section stood about as previously quoted. As-
I paragus cleaned up quickly at firmer prices,
l while Rhubarb 'dragged at the previously
quoted rates. . ,
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. $110
.91-15. per ctl; Oregon Burbanks $1 25@1 40
per ctl: Petaluma and Tomales Burbanks,
$1 15©1 25 per ctl: River Red*. $101 10 per
ctl; *maU Oregon Burbanks for seed. 90c@il
per ctl; Garnet Chiles, $l<gl 10 per ctl; Eariy
i Rose. $1 25©1 35 per ctl: Sweet Potatoes. $2 60
j per ctl; new Potatoes, S^.i^c per lb.
1 ONIONS— Yellow. $2 6002 75 per ctl for Or
egon and *2 90<S3 for Nevadan; Green Onions,
! COfiOOc per box. .
! VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 22^6250 per lb
¦ for extra, 17 %@20c for No. 1 and KVjfiloc for
; No. 2; Rhubarb, 8010c per lb; Green Peas. 3^
• ©<5c prr lb for Los Angeles and 8c for bay;
| String Beans. lO&ISc per lb; Wax. per lb;
j Tomatoes from. Los Angeles, $1®1 50 per box or
1 crate; Summer Squash from Los Angeles. Sift
1 25 per box,- Cabbage", $1 10 per ctl; Carrots.
; 50c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 50c@$l per
j dozen; Garlic, BGjGc per lb; Egg Plant, 20(525c
I per lb; Dried Peppers. 5@8c per lb for Stock
ton and 10tffl2Hc for southern: Dried Okra.
klO©12J4o per lb; Green Peppers. 20<ft30c per
| lb; Mushrooms. 2G@25c per lb; Marrowfat
Squanh. 1'glUc per lb; Hubbard. 94c per lb.
Potatoes/ Onions and Vegetables.
EASTERN MARKETS.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lb», B^c;
over 200 lbs. 5V,ig5%c; soft Hogs. 4Vi@4fte;
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars, 60 per cent off.
and Stags, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. S<g9c: Cows and Heifers.
7«jSc; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — »#4>4c per lb (gross weight). •
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%©5c; Ewes, 4V;<H%c
per lb igrofs weight).
LAMBS— Siitffic per lb.
The situation in all kinds remains as before
quoted. Most of the Beef and Mutton now
coming in is lean, but the grass -fed stock will
appear shortly. Hogs are firm, with moderate
receipts.
DRESSED MEATS, v *
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6U©7iic for Steers and &8CHe per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, S«Oc; small. S^flO^c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9%@10c; Ewes, »®9^c
per lb.
LAMB— Yearlings, lie; Spring. 15#16c.
PORK— Dressed Hog*. 7©S%» per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
Security for'Goz'erntnent Funds.
The Wai! Street Journal ?sys: "Since Sec
retary Fhsw began allowing railroad bonds to
be received ss security for public moneys. .$15,
400.000 of these bonds have been accepted by
the Treasury. AH of theca railroad bonds
have been presented In New York and are
tr.«r» held. Their volume Is Increasing each
<lay. tie railroad bonds - displacing United
States bonds, which axe transferred as security
..'cr national bank circulation. The railroad
fconfls which can be used as such security are :
OWcafo and Northwestern. Chlcapo, Burling
ton ar.4 Quincy. MichiK&n Central, Pennsyl
vania Railroad Company. Delaware and Hud
ecn Caral Company. N>w Tork. New Harm
t ' Hartford. Boston and Malot, Maine Cen
tral'. Chicago and Alton."
!: CHICAGO, March 3,— Cash, quotations were
i as follows: Flour, .easier; No:* 2 «i>rlng--/tthear;'
! 93S«!<c: No. ;3»Vfe5ft'J7c;. No-5>2Vrfedf -iDSfic'Si
$1 o2%; No> -2<corn, 49c; .N^..'2!.-yettow,i 60c;"
; No. 2 oats,' 39'*iB3»c: .No.^3iwhlt6.r43^c-; v No.'
3 whlte.i ZUQiZYic; No. 3 irj'e. ; ; 73.i«c; good
I feeding barley; iai'S'lOc^- fair- Uychotee nialtitu?,
'45@£5c: No: J flaxsecd, .'$1 0d; , No, ' 1 • Nortti'
wesfern,. ?1 14%;'Prlme tiWpthy f:J;
:n:fcss t,ork. D^r.-bbl, 514 12%@14 25; Isird.vper
100. lbs, 57 05® 7 10; short- ribs -sides (loose),.
¦?7Q~7 25 ;t short clear : sides, (boxed); $7 B7%<3>
7 50; whl£ky,< basis . ql- high ,• wines, $1 2S;
¦clover, contract .grade,: '$10 75. ' .' 5 -,'¦'¦ i
i Articles — •¦. « \ '.': V- -Receipts, Shipments.
• Flour, .... .". . ,.i.-;.'33.otK» 1 .' ¦ C5.20«)
: Wheat, bushels,". .1 ... •."...' -37,100- ; '• 73.700
. Corn, .buehels i ; v . .-. ;. ./:.'. .17«,30O . 100,500
Oats, ; bushels. ..¦..";>¦;.:.* i,.332,00Ci •.¦'-.-) ' "229,000
'Rye;; bushels. ...V. '.:.....:.. 29,100 ' • ; 14,000
Barley, bushels :: ¦..,¦..... -..114, 700 47,000
Cash Grain and Provisions. ,
wc*t h 4in&! rlday ' ProbabIy raln: fresh "Wth-
Southern California— Cloudy Friday; brisk
winds.
Nevada— Rain or snow Friday; cooler
tii* an «, F ™ ncIs S"P « n d vicinity— Cloudy, unset
»ou d thrr?y t^ r n(J t 8 . rIday - WUh showe »= brl^
A. G. McADIE. Forecast Official.
$ A number j of fluctuations In Beans will be
seen. Pinks are higher and closely held at the
advance, with light supplies. The other de
scriptions are firm as a rule, with a continued
demand for overland shipment. It may be
well ¦ to point out azain that there are two
sets of quotations 'for Beans — one representing
the price. which the Beans bring on the wharf
when they land from the ranches, and the
other what the same Beans bring for. Eastern
shipment after - beins rccleaned, which, of
course.,' add to the price. The quotations be
low are Intended to cover the range. -Thus a
car. of large .Whites., ready for the East, ?old
on Wednesday at $2 S5. while the same Beans
were not worth over $2 75 as they landed on
the- -wharf from . the country.
$205(32 55: Pea, $3; But
ters, $3;~ small White, $303 15;' large White,
.$2; 50@2 85; Pink. $.f 20#3 40: Red, $4 75^5;
Lima, $3 ;50®S 40; Red kidneys, $5; Blackeye,
?2 10(52 2u.per s ctl; Horse Beans. $2@2 50.
'SEEDS-^-Brown Mustard. $3 7504;. •' Yellow
Mustard. $3@3 25f Flax $1 SO® I 90; Canary,
f.'gBlie for Eastern; Alfalfa, . 14@14y,c; Rape.
.WiQ'-ic; Timothy. 6@6%c; Hemp 2%@3%c per
lb; ' MQtet..3e3u.c : . Brocm Corn' Seed. $J0®21
per ton. 1 ' .-• < •- : •¦-•..-- - - ,.
- DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25@2 60 per ctl.
Beans 'and Seeds.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %-©lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium. 8%c: light. 8c: Cow
Hides, Sc for heavy and 8c for light; Stags. 6c;
Salted Kip. Oc; Salted ,,Veal 10c: Salted Calf.
10%c; dry Hides. 15@l«c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25©30c each;
short Wool. 40® 65c each: medium, 70®90c; long
Wool, $l@l 60; Hcrsa Hides, salt. *2 75 for
large and $2®2 50 for medium. $1 25©l "5 for
small and 60c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium: $1©1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 31c; dry salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American, 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium.
35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No.
2. 3%c: grease, 2%®0c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs. 8®
lie; Middle County, llti!12c: Northern defect
ive. 8310c; Nevada, 13«15c; Oregon, fine. 18©
19c: Oregon, medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS— 25®30c per lb for California. 1903,
and 20c for crop of 1904.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Xczv York Stock Market steady. Cotton Io7ver.
Rather more doing in local Stocks and Bonds.
Xkv York Telegraphic Exchange higher. Silver a fraction
vraher.
Wheat quiet everywhere except at Chicago. \
Barley weaker, with large holders offering freely.
Oats, Corn and Rye firm, but unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuffs firm at previous prices. •
Brans still in demand for Eastern shipment and firm.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs continue to. overload the market.
Situation in Provisions unchanged everywhere. '-:•>-
Beef and Mutton arriving ui poor condition. Hogs firm.
Potatoes easy. Onions higher. Vegetables about the same.
Poultry in ample supply and ivcak. Game unchanged.
Oranges now Jin moderate supply, but quiet.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
People's Gas 600 88% 98 OS
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 28 . 28 28
Press Steel Car pfd fiO
Pull Palace Car 210
Republic Steel-..., - .... ; 7%
Republic' Steel pfd. 100 42% 42% 41 %
Rubber Goods . 2,100 10% 19 10V4
Rubber Goods pfd 77
Teen Coal & Iron 35%
U S Leather 800 1% 7% 7%
U S Leather pfd... 300 78 77-fc 77%
U S Realty 200 7V4 7 7
U S Realty pfd • 50^i
U S Rubber 300 12 12 12%
U S Rubber pfd 700 48% 48 48
U S Steel -1.700 HVi 11 11
U S Steel pfd. 4,900 66% 5CV4 5R'i-
Wcstinghouse Elcc. 100 158 :-15gl .157-
Western Union . •. ICO 1 .. 88 ; .S3 [ ; ; H'%
Total sales 132.20O - . >r.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. March' , 3.— No .transctlonsT to-.
day. - . ¦ • ' . ¦ \ .¦ :
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.',; •>
Common, bid. 4%. asked>4%; preferred;, Wd
3SVi, asked- 3.<j%'..-..- . ¦-.-:-,¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ -.. .' ¦ .
¦¦'^ 'NEW: YORK BOJjbs"-. 1 - .7 "f ' ' -
U S ref ,2s" reg.105- wL & K.uriiilcd.4a;.98 :
Do coupon..:.. 105»i;Man-eon. sold -4s. 103 yi
Do >3s- reg..:.lCS 'Mex Cent 4s.i... 65
Do coupon. ....IWVA Do 1st Inc. ....13%
Do new 4s^"reg.l32Vi'Minn &;St-L 4s. 9S%
Do coupon 132»4 !il ' K & :Tex- 4s. . 97%
Do old 4a reg. .106% i. Do 2ds '....;..• 77
Do coupon...:. 107 %'NR of Mex con-'la 73%
Atch -gen 4s 97% J N Y C gen 3%s^. # J7»,4
Do adj 4s..- 88 -IN J C gen 5s,'..12S
Atlantic C L'4s. 91U !N6r Pac 4s ......102%
Bal A Ohio 4s.\. .1C1% Do 3s i 70%
Do 3Vas 9:; Nor *r W con 43. 97%
Ceutrat of'Ga 5S.1C5 OSL 4s & part ic. 91%
Do 1st Inc..'... C«%|Pa conv 3><.s,.., 85%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01 Heading sen 4s.. U55i
Chi &' Alton 3%s. 75% SL & I M con 5s.ll2^
C. B & Q new 4s. 92>i S V. & S F fg 4s.' 80%
CM & SP gen 4s.lO8.% St Louis SW lets.. 92»4
C &. NW con 7s.l2Jtt h Seaboard A. L 4s. ti5%
C R I A Pac 4s. 6S% So Pac i 4s ......
Do col sits 77% So J5y 5s,. . : ; . ..111JJ1
C.C.C & SLgen 4s 97"s Tex & Pac lsts.,115'
Chi Term 4s 79 T. St L &-W 4s. 09
Cons Tobacco 4s. 50% Union Pac 4s.. ;. 102%
Colo & go 4s... S4^4 Do conv 4s 93'
C F & I conv Ge. 70 U S Steel 2d 5s.. 12%
Den & Rio G 4s.. 97 Wabash Ists 115 ft
Erie prior lien 4s^ 97 -Do deb B '. '59»l
Do gen 4s..... 81%. W & L Erie 4s.. SO
F \V & D C lst«.104 ' TO Cent 4a.:...H0V,
Hocking Val 4 %s.104»4
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
ABce 28 Ontario .'..':,„'.;.. 4. r >
Brccce 10 Ophir ...;.'.,^.'.-. : 4 CO
Com Tunnel OOfPhoenlx .,...'.. .. . 00
Con Cal & Va. . 1 50iPotosi ........... 27
Horn Silver .... 1 20 Savage C8
Iron Silver 1 25 Sierra Nev" CO
Leadville Con... 02 Small Hopes .... 20
Little Chief .... '• 0<S Standard .2 50
The Hay market Is reported in satisfactory
condition for tellers at unchanged prices. It is
reported that the Government will commence
next Monday to place aboard ship Its recent
large purchase In this market for Manila.
There Is nothing new in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $21@22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 50®29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21 ©22 per ton. ¦
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $243525 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50fl.11;
Jobbing, $32: Cocoanut Cake. $22@23: Corn
Meal, $29 50@30 50; Cracked Corn. $308*31;
Mixed Feed,. $22^23;. . Horse Beans, $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAT— Wheat. $15@18; Wheat and Oat. $15®
17 50; Oat. $lo@17; Wild Oat. $14@16; Bar
ley. $13015; Stock nominal— none here; Al
falfa. $12® 13 50 per ton
, STRAW-WSO@75c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7.; Corn Meal.' $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour,. H 5004 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbls. , $7 25®S CO; In sacks, $6 75@3 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peaa. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
,May ..;:,/."....' -55»4 - -5a%'.: 52^ 52%
July:::Y:.-.-.:...V MX ; - 04&-: 61V, 6H1
September .... r:v .53 .63 50ft 50»4
Oats No. 2-^t - •¦- • "."¦. -.¦¦:¦
May .... '::¦ 42Vi' 42% 40%, S\ "40%
July .:..>»..:..• 3»%~ ¦ 30% 38 S«%
September -.'-. . '... .¦ 34-%' "34% 33% -33%
MesB-i'Pork.'.per bbt— - : '
May .:... 14 b2»4 1482% 14 07% 14 17%
July ..;.';:..;. .14 02%. 14 02% 14 17% 14'30 ...
Lard, pex lOO.'Jbs-i. "•.'--¦¦ .
May ...•...•;.. .J" 52% T 53' 7 20 . 7.-2S
July :;7.C7% 7,70 . 7 37% s 7-40>-'
. Short Ribs, per 10O lbs— ¦¦•; • ' ; -,;<' -\
May ...rF...... 7 00.-: 7 65 ; . 7.20 ...7. 25-- :
July •/•".... 7 62%. 7 02%- 7 25' •'-¦} 35 <•' '¦
principal Jong interest had succeeded in dump-
Ing all of < its,- holdings. ' Offerings. became ex
tremely heavy, and with ' almost no . support
prices declined' heavily; Numerous • stop - loss
orders were reached, increasing: the speed of,
the^ownward trend. Before the decline could
be checked May had declined to llti-lic an
even 4 cents from the high point. July lost
3V4@3%c, selling down t» 91 Vic- There was
good commission house buying of July on the
break, and in consequence ' the price rallied
slightly. May closed, at 97c and July, at O2',4c
Corn was helped some by wheat in the early
cession, but as soon as that market showed a
tendency to react ."a decidedly weak feeling
developed 'in the : com* pit. - May-closed at 52%c,
3c lower. July closed 2%c lower at 51 Vic
Oats showed weakness. The close was near
the bottom -with May at • 40^@40%e, ,or 2c
lower. July ¦ sold between 39@38%c, closing
with a net loss of l%c at 38%c.
Provisrona quickly fell in line with the weak
ness that was depressing the grain markets.
The opening showed some Improvement, but
on a general selling movement sharp declines.
throughout the entire lint were, recorded.. May
pork showed the greatest*- loss.; closing 155c
loweri-'May lard closed 22^6 25c. lower,', and
ribs wera down 20 cents.
The leadinc -futures rang* d as follows:
.Articles — .,.-.• Open.. High. Low. Close.
¦.-'» Wheat 'No. .2 — '',... ; . . .'...,
•May;..:.'....:.; 1 00ft 1 00% »«% 97
July; -old ....'. 05M» "• 93 f 4 92V 93,tt
July, new .... 8414 94%. 91V4- >»2U
September, old," 80 89% ¦ 88V4 b7i4"
September, new; 8S% .88% .-. 85 Vi 8tt
: Corn ' No. . 2— ¦' .". ¦ '¦ ."''¦.' .'¦
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7\ic p«r lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half-barrels, putb.
10c; 10-lb tins lOUc; 6-lb tins. 10%c: 3-lb
tins. 10*; c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c: three
half barrels. 9 Vic: one tierce, 9*»c; two tierces.
8c; five tierces, 8%c- per lb.
CURED - MEATS— Bacon, lie p«r lb for
heavy. U^c for light medium, 13%c for light.
14c for extra light and 10c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13»4c: California
Hams. 12>4®13c; Mess Beef. $10 SOfill per bbl;
extra Mees, $1150(312; Family." $12 5O«13;
Prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear.' $21625:
Mess. $15; Dry Salted Pork. 10Va®Uc: PlK
Pork, 827; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c
per lb.
The "condition of the "Western markets re
mains about as for several weeks. Outsl<le
speculative holdings are still large and the
decline has thus far not materially relieved
the market. There is every Indication, ac
cording to private Information received in this
city, that stocks will continue to accumulate.
This market Is still quoted tame, featureless
and unchanged. . ..;-,
Provisions.
.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. MARCH \ 4. 1904.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK 3IAKKET.-
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15• Pending a settlement with the United
Railroads or the institution' 1 of a suit
neither Professor Hutchinson nor Pro
fessor Armes /will say anything about
the attack. ; The railroad officials are
anxious to hush up the, affair and re
fused yesterday to give out any Infor
mation about' it'. V • y '
. :"It is impossible for me to discus3
this affair," said Professor. Arrhes. "All
I have to say is that it was a shameful
thing. P.rofessor Hutchinson has re
tained'his brother, Joseph "Hutchinson,
who is an attorney, to bring a suit for
damages."
t Professor Hutchinson himself re
fused to talk/ not- only because it Is
painful to, do so, but because his brother
forbade him . to enter into any dlscus
s'.qn of the case. He referred all inter
rogators to .' his " brother. Attorney
Joseph • Hutchinson also refused to
make any .admissions about the affair,
but volunteered the statement that th2
railroad officials, some' of whom are hl3
friends, deplored -the circumstance and
intimated that they, would investigate
the matter thoroughly. ' jv ; - " >j v -
knocked down, but was on his feet
again in an instant, and 'notwithstand
ing the intense pain -he' was 'suffering
he lost no time In retaliating upon his
assailant," who. was. put* under the seat
of the forward platform. . .
The officials of the United Railroads
were at once informed of the unfortu
nate affair and arrangements were
made for the wounded man's removal
to the Southern Pacific ; Hospital. At
the hospital the jaw, which was found
to.be broken In two place*, was set and
a plaster cast* fixed about it. After
ward- the patient was removed to hia
home.- '• ¦ ":',. .
To-morrow. Saturday, ladies'- fine
shoes, sizes ! guaranteed' from 3 to . &; for
50c a pair, made of the finest leathers.
Gents' shoes for 85c a pair.* Massachu
setts Shoe Co.. 1101 Market st, cor. Sev
enth, Odd Fellows' building. • , • .
Come To-Morrow, 0 O'Clock.
The. Western Union Telegraph!!Com
pany yesterday' petitioned •the,. Board
of Works for permission to lay a con
duit. from Us premises ; at Pine " and
Montgomery . streets . to ) the«new,-Mer
chants' Exchange, building, to .givelthe
latter direct telegraphic "communica^
Wants to Lay a Conduit.
The Calif orniatOutdoor. League yes
terday sent a communication . to the
Board of Supervisors asking/ that all
unused telegraph? and, telephone poles
be removed J from j the sidewalks.' . The
league states that- the jBoard of Works
was petitioned last November to re
move such poles, but 1 " has hot 'replied
to the petition. - Sp'eciflc mention ¦ Is
made of the poles on", California, and
Stockton 'streets and Mason, near Sut
ter.
To Remove Unused \ Poles.
James Coyne, an ex-convict, .was
taken into custody by Patrolman Groat
early yesterday morning on. suspicion
of having broken a window In la' shoe
store at 114 Sutter street about a week
ago and stealing a pair of shoes from
the store. Coyne was seen , in the
neighborhood at the time the crime was
committed and suspicion is '• based, on
this circumstance. Captain. '-. Martin
says that no effort is being, made'; to
connect the man with- a ; number of
other recent window breaking • cases
that have .occurred In the same; neigh- 4
borhood.
Suspected of Window-Breaking.
Assistant Bond and Warrant Clerk T.
J. Kennedy did not leave till last even
ing for Dover,, Del., to bring 6ack with
him the witnesses for the trial of Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin, set for March -10. His
instructions are to have them; here by
Sunday, March 13.
Regarding a dispatch from Dover
published In yesterday's papers that
three of the witnesses, Mrs." Joseph
Bateman, Walter Morris; and.' Thomis
Gooden, had expressed their intention
of not taking the Journey, District At
torney Byington. said yesterday that; it
was Immaterial whether Morris and
Gooden came or not, as their evidence
was unimportant. He could not;under
stand why Mrs. Bateman had changed
her mind, as he had been positively as
sured by Attorney General Ward that
she would come. £ ;. : ;' v;
; "If any undue influences have - been
exercised to prevent her coining, here
and testifying," he continued,*"it;would
be a most dishonorable act, but! feel
satisfied that she will be "¦ here, at the
trial." -v- %*;$> Z^/£t:'r-^ :^>. ! .
All Whose Evidence Is Essential
Will Be on Hand.
District Attorney Byington .Believes
On Sunday evening, March 7, Mrs.
Isaac Reiss of 1516 Post .street will
become ¦ the bride pf H. Morgenthau.
* . ? •
The engagement is • announced of
Miss Florence Mayer,- daughter of
Mrs. L. Mayer, to J. A. Sheldon oT the
Mark Sheldon Company. t «Miss Mayer
is a girl of fine personality and i3 Im
mensely popular with her set. The
date of the marriage has been set for
March 17.>- .:'- :>:*.'
The wedding' of Miss Mabel Son,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Albert A.
Son, and Jacob S.. Goldsmith of Bal
timore was celebrated last night ¦ at
the home of the bride's parents at
2185 Pacific avenue, Dr. Voorsanger
officiating. The drawing-room, hall
and dining-room "were filled prodi
gally with palms, ferns and white
blossoms, making the affair distinctly
a white and green ceremony, white
for purity of love and green for con
stancy.
The bride was radiant in a gown of
liberty satin and . Venice lace, and
carried a shower bouquet of lilies of
the valley. She was attended by her.
sister, Miss Henrietta Son. who wore
a pretty, frock of white chiffon cloth.
The groom was' served by Sylvan
Bernstein, a cousin.. ; ',':¦}
After the ceremony a reception was
held, to which seventy relatives and
intimate friends were bidden. v
The happy pair will leave to-day for
the south, thence .to New York and
latterly to Baltimore, \ where j are lo
cated the "business Interests of the
Chansrrs in Railroad World
A circular issued yesterday from the
office of Manager Agler of the South
ern Pacific Company announced the
appointment of W. A. McGovern as as
sistant superintendent of the Los An
geits division to succeed E. L. Swaine.
who recently resigned.
E. B. Baron, a c!erk in the local Rock
Island office, was yesterday appointed
c|ty ticket agent, vice W. T. Frost,
resigned.
Laundrym an Injured.
Willis Perry, an employe of the
Electric laundry, met with a painful
accident yesterday afternoon. He
came in contact with a piece of re
volving machinery which lacerated
the flesh of the left leg below the
knee. He was taken to the Emergen
cy Hospital, where his injuries were
dressed.
The Treble Clef Club gave a compli
mentary concert to its director, Robert
Lloyd, last "night at Steinway Hall,
when the members showed their ability
as vocalists and also gave ample evi
dence of their perfect training. The
members sang Schumann's "Gypsy
Life," Zollner's "Ode to Music," Haw
ley's "Sweet and Low," the very hu
morous "The Frogs' Singing School" by
Bartlett, also Dudley Buck's "Robin
Adair" and Chaminade's "Evening
Prayer , in Brittany." The Harmony
Quintet rendered Gillet's "Echoes of the
Ball" and Robert Lloyd's "Light" and
"Lullaby," two very clever and melodi
ous compositions. .
Musical Club" Honors Director.
By Sally Sharp.
Bnrn«?tt'» Extrnct of Vnnllla Is the
best, perfectly pure, highly concentrated. •
C. F. Humphrey announces that he has
removed his law offices to rooms 211 to
216, inclusive, tenth floor. Crocker build
ing. Telephone Private Exchange' l&l. ?
MARRIED AMID
PALMS, FERNS
AND FLOWERS
SAYS WITNESSES WILL; BE ;
HERE FOR BOTKIX V TRIAL
Lincoln Hutchinson, instructor in
economic geography at the University
of California, lies at his home, 1910
Howard street, this city, with his Jaw
broken in two places and his face'cov
ered with bruises, all the result of an
encounter with a motorman on a Fill
more street car last Saturday night.
All the parties to the affair.are-main
taining a strict, silence as to its'de
tails. It seems, that Profes
sor Hutchinson was riding on the. front
end of the car with Professor William
D. Armes, about 12 o'clock Saturday
night, both being on their way to
Berkeley, after having spent an. even
ing with friends. # Upon reaching one
of the steep downtown grades the
speed of the car became 1 so- alarming
that Professor Hutchinson protested, to
the motorman.' This produced ¦ no ef
fect, the man continuing to' run the
car in a reckless manner. Finally. the
professor demanded his number, which
the employe refused to ( give.' Hutchin
son then got up and took the' number.
The motorman at once struck him -in
the left jaw. Hutchinson's hands were
in his pocket at the time and he was
•J r [' : — • " '"*.
INSTRUCTOR AT THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, WHOSE JAW
WAS BROKEN BY A BLOW DELIVERED BY THE MOTORMAN ON
A FILLMORE-STREET CAR. . .
"The same suitors once repulsed are
now received kindly by the Mayor. How
have they, made themselves so pleas
ing? Your committee cannot agree
with the Mayor that rock-crushing in
a residence district is a legitimate busi
ness. We. are convinced that these or
dinances would increase the price of
material to no contractor except Gray
Eros. :. that rock can be brought .'n
targes from quarries on the 3outh»rn
bay shore cheaper than the price
charged by Gray Bros. Your committee
does not believe that these ordina'nees
would drive the rock-crushing business
out of San Francisco."
The Street Committee again recom
mended the passage of the proposed
ordinance providing for the establish
ment of free public flower markets at
various designated localities. The corn
mil tee had already reported in favor
of the law, but it was re-referre3 to lt
in order that the Retail Flower Deal
ers' Association, which is opposed to
the ordinance, could be heard on the
subject.
T. M. O'Connor, representing the as
sociation, objected to the ordinance,
claiming that it is in violation of sec
tion 370 of the Penal Code and under
the charter the Board of Supervisors
has no power to grant a special priv
ilege, to any person to use the side
walks. O'Connor wanted the ordinance
referred to the City Attorney for his
opinion as to its legality, but the com
mittee took no action on the request.
L. M. King of the Merchants' Jtsso
clatibn claimed that the Board of Su
pervisors has the power to grant per
mission to. the flower venders to use
the sidewalks temporarily, as they will
not be permanent obstructions. King,
In answer to O'Connor's question, said
the board had the power j to designate
places where it would be legal to sell
fish, fruit, meats, etc., on public streets.
The bond of the California Ballast
Company to blast on Lombard street
was fixed at $10,000. .*
The committee recommended an ex
tension of. ninety days' time to the
Union Oil Company to maintain a spur
track on Illinois street.. The City Attor
ney is to advise if the company, is oc- .
cupying the public 'street, as reported
by City Engineer Grunsliy.
Grades were ordered changed on
Fifth avenue, Washington and Cherry
streets. —
-The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday recommended that ths three
ordinances extending the limits within
which blasting and rock-crushing oper
ations'are prohibited and requiring a
permit to be obtained for such opera
tions outside' of the prohibited limits
be passed by the Board of Supervisors,
notwithstanding their disapproval by
Mayor Schmitz. The committee Qled a
lengthy report, assigning Its reasons
for overriding the Mayor's vetoes. The
report states that the ordinances were
passed because a quarry in a residence
disixict is, a permanent evil. It refers
to the fact that the Mayor signed the
ordinance which closed Gray Bros '
quarry at Twenty-sixth and Dlimpnd
streets, but refused to sign the ivll
which would close the quarry they
sought to establish on Thirtieth street.
Thci report continues:
The board authorized Principal
Murphy of the Commercial School to
send letters to the various business
houses, together with specimens .of
the vertical, medial and Spencerian
writing systems, with the request that
they express their preference in the
matter, it being the intention of the
board to modify the present vertical
system in vogue in the schools.
~ The board decided to co-operate
with the art section of the California
Club in decorating certain rooms in
the public schools. Initial work in
that connection will be done on the
assembly room of the Franklin Gram
mar School.
The petition of a number of parents
that two rooms be added to the Park
Primary School was taken under ad
visement.
Captain Peter T. Riley of the Even
ing Emergency Substitute List was
elected a teacher in the Evening
School Department, and assigned to
the foreign class of the Richmond
Evening School, vice Miss Jennie
Doyle, transferred.
The grammar grade certificates of
Misses I. Hemmenway and L. Houss
ler were renewed and Mrs. L. Eisner
was recommended for a grammar
school life diploma.
Leaves of absence were granted to
J. S. Frank, H. W. Gray. J. Hurley,
C. C. Tompkins and J. Anderson on
account of illness.
The plans, specifications and estimate
of cost for the removal and reconstruc
tion of three corners of the brick base
ment of the Whittier Primary School
were ratified and approved.
The Board of Public Works was re
quested to instruct the city arci-tect
to prepare plans, specifications ana esti
mate of the cost of construction of
bracing and trussing of the roof of the
Mission High School.
The Board of Public Works was re
quested to instruct the city architect
to prepare plans, specifications and esti
mate of the cost of constructing an ad
ditional story on the one-story frame
building devoted to practical tests in
the natural philosophy department of
the Lowell High Schoo-L
The Board of Public "Works was re
quested to. lay concrete sidewalks
around the Xoe Valley. School prop
erty.
The Board of Public "Works was re
quested to have West Mission street
paved, as the street in its present state
interferes with the best interests of the
Peabody Primary School.
The premises at 3-Joost avenue were
rented for school purposes in connec
tion with the Fairmount Grammar
School.
Mrs. J. McBean was elected a Janl
tress to take charge of the premises
at 3 Joost avenue.
The Board of Education yesterday
transferred Miss Lucy M. Fritz, a pro
bationary teacher, from the Jean Par
ker School to a new class in the Dud
ley Stone School, formed to, accommo
date the increasing attendance of pu
pils. Miss A. M. Loehr was transferred
from the Noe Valley School to the
South End School, vice Miss Sadie Gaff
r.ey, transferred to the Noe Valley
School,* and Miss Jennie Doyle was
transferred from the Richmond Even
ing School to the Horace Mann Even
ing School, vice M. L. Day. resigned.
California Club's Art Sec
tion to Beautify Assembly
Hall in Franklin .Grammar
Recommendation Made That
Street Venders Be Given
Privileges on Sidewalks
FREE FLOWER MARKETS
WILL DECORATE ROOMS
Street Committee Favors
Passage of Ordinance Ee
stricting Rock - Crushing
Establishes One New Class
in Dudley Stone School
to Accommodate the Pupils
WOULD OVERRIDE
MAYOR'S VETO
BOARD ASSIGNS
SOME TEACHERS
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' FRIDAY. 'MARCH 4, 1904.
Lincoln Hutchinson, . Instructor at Berkeley,
Objects to the Reckless Running of an
Electric Car and Is Brutally {Assaulted
MOTO RMAN BREAKS JAW
OF COLLEGE PROFESSOR
16
Friday, Saturday, Saturday TXUCht.
BES35ILEKE SOAP. .6 larsrs cakes 2,"c
Do«s twice the work of Fels Naptha.
FIXE MEATY PRUXES. 6 lbs. 25c.
EAKI.Y JU2TS P2AS 2-lTj. Can Sc
Fine Flavor Tender Peas.
EASTERN CODFISH. 3 tt>3. 25c. '
BSOXEK COPTEE, Java and Mocha.
3 IDs. 50c
The broken berries from best grades of Coffee.
• Single lb.. 20c.
MRS. FABER'S STRAWBERRY JAM,
GLASS. 10c.
BUKBA2T3C POTATOES lb. 1 » i C
Excellent cookers. Dry and white. "Worth 2c.
Sacks average 120 lbs.
NEW WHITE FIGS, 6 LBS. 25c.
BUTTER sSs 35c
Beat Creamery Butter from Maria County.
12SJC FRENCH SARDINES. CAN 10c.
EASTXB2T BAMS tt>. 14 c
Beat Selected. Sugar Cured. Usually 17c. All
Brand*. All sizes.
TOILET PAPER. lOo FKG3.. 8c.
X13SV AJXDJlJt, Bed Wine. gaL 4,1c
; Rich and slightly tart. Usually 63c.
50c ENGLISH BREAKFAST TEA. 33c LB.
KIE3X.INO. "White Wine gral. 45c
Six years old. Elsen Vineyard; well worth $1.
$2.25 WHISKY. GALLON. <1.73. "
POST OX SHESBY WIJUJ gral. 6oC
Excellent type — clear and straight. Usually 75c
MEDICINAL GIN. 90c BOT.l 63c
1001 FILLMORE ST. 119 TAYLOR ST
Par 1c 183. .'.Phone. Howard 1081
Watch and I
Wait for the I
Scotchman I
lbO9 : MarKet St. J
\AI. T. HESS.
arotaxy Pa>lio and Attorn ey-at-3^air.
.Tenth Floor. Koom 1U1&. Claus SurecKeu >¦'¦'»
Teleohone Main OSS.
Residence. 1802 McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Face 5642. »' .j
ADVEBTIST'.MTrNTS._ .
i*2C5rw 'fc*'^~ *^ ! •*(?• tm i ??**% )*****^^w • *¦* w V *^ I %£j "*¦**' "*~j
fl Mrs. Elizabeth H. Thompson, bf Lilly-H
dale, N. Y., Grand Worthy Wise Templar,
and Member of W. CT. U., tells how she
recovered from a' serious illness by the use of
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
"Dear Mbs. Pixkham:— I am one of the many of your prateful friends
who have been cured through the use of iydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, and who can to-day thank you for the fine health I enjoy. When
I was thirty-five years old, I suffered severe backache and frequent bearing-
down pains; in fact, I had womb trouble. I was very anxious to get well,
and reading of the cures your Compound had made* I decided to try it. I took
only six bottles, but it built me up and cured me entirely of all my troubles,
v 't y famil 7 and relatives were naturally as gratified as I was. My niece
had heart trouble and nervous prostration, and was considered Incurable.
She took your Vegetable Compound and it cured 5"her in a short time, and she
became well and strong, and her home to her great joy and her husband's
delight was blessed with a baby. I know of a number of others who have
been cured of different kinds of female troubled and am satisfied that your
Compound is thebest medicinefor sick women." — Mrs. Euzabeth H. Thompson.
Box 105, Lillydale, N. Y.
Thousands upon thousands of women, throughout this country
are not only expressing such sentiments as the above to their
§i 1 jfi n ? a » e on * inua Uy writing letters of gratitude to Mrs.
I inkhain, until she lias hundreds of thousands of letters from
women in all classes of society who have been restored to health
Dy her advice and medicine after all other means had failed.
nfH.? e rf^- an0 * ther Ie i te r r Y Wch P™ v es conclusively that there is no
other medicine to equal Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
/**7Sgf^>.«^ \ " 9^*, Ra - PlXKHAM : — I suffered with
m^^^iSm< VOOT health fotr ov er seven years, not sick
JC^^<v%A enough to stay in bed, and not well enough to
V^v^'H|| enjoy lifeandattend tomydailydutiesproper-
5fe *^'J**i ] *\, X WaS ? rowin £ thin, my complexion was
sa JJ ow . and I w as easily upset and irritable.
'I&fl&i -r >l 9P e o{ m ? nei 8"hbors advised me to try
» fW fl Jj * dl * E - Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
/yjafir ml pound, and I procured a bottle. A great
cha ?^ e for the b «tter took place within a
.^'^•ta^^OT wee«c, and I decided to keep up the treatment-
/ " Within two m °nths I was like a changed
,,,,,, C"^ "woman, my health good, my step light, my
/ j Jfi Y S /•* \ eyes bri g" ht » m J complexion vastly improved,
iSf'fJX i J \ \ and l felt onc e more like a young girl. I
yf / * \ \ < f t t wonder now how I ever endured the misery.
: '* ' \ C jfe*^ 1 * J - 1 not spend another year like it for »
1 - I > JT"' • fortune. ;
,. ., . I -r-'^Z U ¦«., ,, " l a PP reciate mv Jfood health, and stive
Mrs. Pinkham has on file thousands of such letters.
0 TL fl fl H *lP R . F E ) T lt , 7* «*nnot forthwith nrodnc* the original lott«r« and ligaattires of
Sit I i 1 1 1 1 aboT * t e »"m°ni*l*. which wUl proTo t&eir absolute cenuineness »!bUatares ox
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KIGKJLNDSGBEUI
Baby's Awful Suffering from
Eczema.
Gould Rot Hold Her. . She Tore
Her Face and Arms.
Guticura Saved Her Life, So
Mother Says.
" When my little girl was six months
old, *he had eczema. We had used
cold creams and all kinds of remedies,
but nothing did her any s<>od, in fact,
nhe kept getting worse. I used to
wrap he r bands tip, and when I would
dres<s her. I had to pyt her on the table
for I could not hold her. She would
kick and scream, and when she could,
she would tear her face and arm*
almost to pieces. I used four boxes of
Cnticcra Ointment, two cakes of Cutl-
enra Soap, and gave her the Cutlcnrx
Besoltreot, aodshe wa« cored, and I see
no traces of the humour left. I can
trathfally e*y that they have saved her
life, and any one suffering: as she did, I
FhonM advise th*m to pire Cnticara a
fair trial." MBS. G. A. CONRAD, Lis-
bon, N. II., Feb. 7, 1838.
Five jenrs later, viz., Feb. 23, 1903,
Mrs. Conrad writes :
" It is with pleasure that I can
inform you that the enre has been per-
rflanenta;* it is now fix years since ehe
was cured, and there has been no return
of the discane since, and I hare advised
a lot of frierxls to nse the Caticara
Keraet'iios id all diseases of the skin."
lustatit relief and refreshing sleep for
pkin-tortnred babies, and rest for tired,
fretted mother*, in warm baths with
Cnticara Soap and gentle anointings
with Caticara Olutraent, the great skin
cure :md p«rc?t of emollients, to be
followed In severe cases by mild doses
of Cuticara Resolvent. This is the
parest. sweetest, most speedy, per-
manent and economical treatment for
torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning,
bleeding, fcaly. crusted and pimply
skin and ecalp humours, eczemas,
rashes ana Irritations.
Bold throerbmit the vnrid. Cotirar* Reuirrnt. «n«.
fir form of C«KX»!mte C—1** VUU. Stw Ti»l of 401
Otauaent. a* . Soap £*«• D«w«: I^»rdoa. 27 Cbirter-
fcsu* ~o i H«i 1». 2 R"» t> U r>lz : Bwun. ITT C«!nt»
twiTr Totter I>mr * On». Corp.. S«:« Fropnttm*.
ms~ St»d far " Caucnim itii fiook."
— _».^ .„,
i
I
|
Iftf Candies
h 1 Chocolates W
L Bonbons Jl
Given Away Free
With
Teas. Coffees, Spices
. Baking Powder
It Pays to
Trade at \
I Great American Importing; Tea Co's
Stores
861 Market 210 Gr*nt nr. U19 Polk
140 Sixth 1£19 Derisadero 706 Larkir !
475 Haigrkt 3006 Sixteenth 855 Hares >
2285 Mission 621 Moctar'jr mv*. 62 Market '
2OD6 Fillrr.ore 2516 Misrion 14« Ninth ¦
SW Third 273 afth iS9 Fourti !
Nothing Excels this Simple Remedy
', To Cure /<«i7^ To BelIeTe
Coughs, |||^, Aslliina,
Sere Throat. v$jzjy Bronchitis.
Sold In Boxes only. S.f/s? -S
\ A col dim nation a. <r$ S*Umk^t*'
¦ : _; ¦; : gC;' .V ¦ Vr ' MABKS'BBOS. -¦ •';__;. • ¦ •
"^^TintrSductqr^
Woni^n's Percale Wrappers
;/ f J. jr^J^^M OTHER STYLES. ". W^Mm
... ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Spring Styles for Girls and Boys
\ /; We are now showing our complete .line of SPRING and
»yf. I SUMMER MODES of CHILDREN'S . and MISSES'
/ COATS and JACKETS. Our "
iK/ >*tf°?0^?s& buyers, after careful and con-
\r /$M&a^T&ik^ tinued research in European
&%3!%&$^ r Vi!\ and Eastern fashion centers,
AafiCT^P^ai?] havc & at^ erc d together an
'f*$^r *& $eJ$'1 exceedingly attractive line of
ftPi^* exclusive designs. When the
y$«lk quality and finish are consid- a
\ <^^^^9f\ ered, the garments cannot be
£ t\ £\(\ --^^^^r^Sr^^s duplicated elsewhere for the
1; •J-'t;,:i : l^^^^^7^^2- same price.
\lsff^^^^^''''^'^^^^^ c >ll ustratc one of our
jt^r* \ v^f^v '"> ' spring models, which we con-
j&fr &' • >??\ i ' *%r sider an exceptionally good
S&jfrJ&f.- • • : &i*k value. These jackets are made
V^'*<$**'J * $^-vS%riz£iir °^ all-wool covert cloth,
Njjgj&r*^ , J ; ,.i:-Qf -Q j li^ '?ffi$\ front . and back tucked in
/^*£djh %' \ • |^*W A Fifth-avenue style; circular
/ I '¦ • &$vJ *-\ shoulder capes; neatly
( !/-« A T p£, 'wk stitched and tucked; trimmed
\ j^X?" ' • J*K. -^ w ' th rass buttons; sizes 8 to
V*^7\ 4 LfirA fii# I4 ycarS ••••;••"• JC CQ
jyfj j §|fa Special Sale of
Girls' and Boys'
straw ¦ Hats '
Z^^^^^^^^m Sailor and middy styles;
sizes 2 to io years; made of
P^m^^^^*^^^-- 1^ plain, rough and fancy straw;
v™ralr s^^s' regular $i.oo value. Special
V\^^T "ssfr or F r *^ a y an d Sat- CAL
\\ ] $M i^>^ urday 3>#C
\ hf/ MARKET STREET f
••' Ilin /¦I'HII Illl IIMIJJi^MMWJllllBIIIIIIMMIIBM^